no_textSHERLOCK HOLMES UP TO DATE.
Gladys Kanbee (Queen of Opera)—The Jewels I reported stolen have been found.
They were merely mislaid. • *¦ .
Hemlocks Holmes. (King of Detectives) —I'm very sorry, madam, but. ode of the
five men I arrested has just confessed to taking the jewels.
WOULDN'T BE HARD ON HIM.
Knight Stands (an actor walking borne)
—Will you tell me how far It la to Slob
town?
Farmer Oatcake—Wai, It's Jest about
twelve miles.
Knight Stands —Are you sure?
Farmer Oatcake —Seeing as how you're
tired out. I'll call It ten miles, then.
BAD LUCK AS USUAI*.
Angry Wife— It seems to me we're been
married a century. I can't even remember
when or where we first met.
Husband (emphatically) — I can. It was
at a dinner party where there were thir
teen at table.— Tid-Blts.
AN ANOMALY,
Eva— You can't make a bit of an Im
pression on that young Marsh.
May— I know It. It's strange, too, for
he's so soft.— Philadelphia Bulletin.
Fair Painter—I hope you don't mind my
sketching- fn your field? Farmer—Lord,
no, mlssie! You keep the birds off the
peas better*!! a' ordinary scarecrow. —Tit-
OVERSIGHT.
"What are you looking so glum about,
Borus. The reviewers all praised your
last book, didn't they?"
"Tes, but not one of them said It was
a 'story of intense human interest.' "—
Chicago Tribune. * . •
LITTLE TOO RARE.
m ' ¦
Guest , (in cheap restaurant) —Here,
waiter!; What kind of soup is this?
Walter—Dat am chicken soup, sab.
Guest—Well, take it back and ask the
cook to coax the chicken to wade through
it just once more.—Chicago News.
THE BUSIEST TIME.
"So this is your dull season, eh?" ob
served the visitor. "When Is the busiest
period in your factory?"
"When the whistle blows for the men to
Quit work." answered the manufacturer.
—Indianapolis Sun.
'
PERISHABLE*
"What alia Mrs. MIras?"
-- "She says she spent the whole after
noon making that cake and the family
gobbleAt up in fifteen minutes." — Chicago
Record.
Dunn— What do you think of Dauber's
latest picture, ¦ after Rubens 1 Brown— I
think that Rubens would be after Dauber
If he could only see It. • -
First Attendant at the Restaurant—
That's a funny looking -duffer that just
came la.
Second Ditto— Yes; all things come to
those who wait— Boston Transcript.
And he did— to the queen's taste.
s«nt to the lady you love?" "It wouldn't
be right," said Mr. Smith; "I'm a married
roan."
Mrs.' Jenkins— Now. John, be sure and dont let the boys throw that ball around
carelessly. They might do some damage. .
"SDeakincr of the races, wasn't It the
two-mile dash, free-for-all, that Blnks
lost all his money on?"
"Yes. Why?"
"Nothing, only I remember he used
about a two-mile dash in expressing him
self after it was over."— Chicago Tribune.
AN OBJECT OF INTEREST
Rector— I never In my life touched a
congregation as I did this morning. Ev
ery eye was on me.
Wife— No wonder. When you took your
hat oft your gloves remained on the top
of your head.— London Tit-Bits.
"Mr. Smith," said a lady at the fair,
"won't you please buy a bouquet to pre-
HIS BLANK DESPAIR.
"Did you all throw rice after the bride?"
"Rice! I guess not: I wouldn't allow
such heathenish Chinese goings on at a
wedding In my family."— Indianapolis
Journal.
Poetic Son— Ah! father, poets are born,
not made.
Father (angrily)— Look here, you! Write
all that dern rot ye want, but don't go
blamln' mother 'n' me fer It We won't
stand it.— Puck.
AN OUT-OF-DATE CEREMONY
Explains a British Joke.
"You Americans," snid the London
young man, as he stopped suckle his
cane, "are always insinuating that we
Englishmen don't know what a real joke
is. Now. just hold, your,sides..whiles I-go.
over this one, which" I read in a home
paper a week ago:
" "The Countess—M'lord," you were at the
grand dinner last night, were.you not?
Just a while ago 1 heard one of those
vulgar Americana make the remark that
this morning- you had a big head. :
| " 'The Duke—But, m'lady, there's noth
ing In it.*"
The American looked as sober as a crim
inal court Judge.
"Well?" he a>ked. ' •¦-.'.
"Don't you see?" explained the d'.sgust
ed Britisher, poking the other in the ribs
with his cane,' "the Countess says some
one accused her companion (ha!) of having
a big head (ha! ha!), and. he declares
(ha! ha!) there's nothing ihit."
"Yes, but—"
"Blarsted- idiot, but what?"
"Her companion was a duke."
"Yes."
"And not any different from the rest
of the English nobility?"
"No. But the joke! the joke! It is so
adroitly put. In apparent inadvertence
(desperately) the Duke admits there" Is
nothing In his head! Now, do you see?""
•'Well, it's a little strange that the Duke
could make such a frank and candid ad
mission, but—where docs the joke come
in?"—Brooklyn Life.
THAT BOY AGAIN
"Papa." said little Willie Askitt.
"Well, my son?" . "
"In the days of kings and knights and
nobles, did they have to put postage
stamps on their shirts of mail?"—Balti
more American.
TOO MUCH
{Tricks of £arn-Stcrmers.
"One of the -old slang phrases of the
stage," -said Muggles, who used to be a
good actor, "was 1 to 'pong.' This means.
or used to mean, ushag-your own language
—that is,' playing a part without cues of
the proper lines, relying only upon a
knowledge of the play to carry you
through. Tears ago on the road there
used to be some highly ludicrous situa
tions In consequence of a new play being
produced in a hurry. The stage manager,
however, had a wonderful genius for
patching up a hitch. When circumstances
were necessary he would lower a front
scene and tell the low comedian and
chambermaid to go on and 'keep it up.*
and while they did so he would arrange
bow the play had to be continued.
"Of coarse, actors are supposed to help
one another out of a difficulty, but at
times old grudges were paid off. For in
1 stance. I remember on one occasion a let
! ter had to be read In one scene. Unfortu
nately.this letter could not be found, so a
'dummy*— that is, a blank sheet— was sent
on the stage.
; " 'Say. dad,' said the actor who had to
read a letter, and seeing it Wank, 'here's
a letter for you. You had better read It
yourself, as I am sure it contains good
new*.'
"But 'dad' tumbled to the occasion and
replied: 'No, Tom. you read it. Here,
Nelly, yoa read it.*
"The unsuspecting Nelly takes the let
ter and, seeing It blank, says: "No, father
had better read it. He will be able to
make it out better. ¦ I'll go and fetch your
spectacles. Iknow where they are.' And
off fche goes. *
"The old man is again equal to the,oc
casion and calls out to her: 'Never mind
bringing them. Nelly; I'M come and get
them.' Then he walks off, and the stage
manager has to rearrange the scene.
"Yes, sir; there's a lot in the theatrical
business you outsiders never dream of."—
New York Sun.
¦¦ — ¦ i - -
ALL, HIS FAULT.
"Women beat the world."
"What's the matter now?**
"When my wife wants anything pretty
to wear she hints around until I persuade
her to buy It; then after she has worn It
out she pitches into roe for encouraging
her to be so extravagant."— Chicago Kec
ord.
MODESTY
She— Oh. Fred, dear, you are noble, so
generous, so handsome, so chivalrous, ac
much the superior of every man I meet
I Just can't help loving you. No whai
do you see In plain little me to admire?
He— Oh, I don't know, dear; but you
have very good Judgment.— Truth.
Charitable Old Lady— Poor woman! An*
are you a widow?
Beggar— Worse than a widow, ma'am.
Me husband's living, an' I have to sup
port him. — Glasgow Evening Times.
Mr. PoUltlx— That wretched Jorkir.r la
telling awful lies about me. Mrs. Polli
tlx—Why don't you dare him to prove his
charges?" Mr. Pollltlx— Well. Tm not
such an idiot as that.
TflE SUNDAY CALL.
JENKINS ATTHE BAT.
Mr. Jenkins*— Don't you worry a bit, now. I know enough tc attend to that
2NOT EXACTLY,
When a man drinks like a fish it doesn't
follow that he's in tiie swim.—Philadel
phia Kecord.
Great Actor — I propose making a fare
well tour of the provinces. What play
would you 'advise?
Critic— "Much Adieu About Nothing."—
I>etroit Journal.
AN EASY ONE.
on account of enuie summer notes that
also matured."— Indianapolis Journal..
"Have your summer vacation plans ma
tured-yet, Billy?" '
"Oh. yes; they had to be sidetracked
HAD TO GIVE WAY.
"This month I celebrate my twenty
fourth birthday."
'•That's odd— so do I."
"But I celebrate mine for the first
time."— Heltere .Welt.
HIS FIRST CKLEUItATION.
Johnny— Pa, what is the difference be
tween a walker and a pedestrian?
Pa— One- has corns and wears tight
shoes, but I forget which one it is.—Bos
ton Transcript.
FORGOT WHICH,
"V7hat was' the cause of the latest quar
rel between Mr. and Mrs. Bickers?"
"Mrs. nickers caught her husband ly
ing on one of her sofa cushions."—Har
per's Bazar.
Brown— Did you notice what a black eye
Smith had?
Robinson— I saw it, but I make it a rulo
never to notice such things.— Boston
Transcript.
NOT MADE FOR USE.
CAUTIOUS MAN
"Ynsslr." said the colored citizen, with
a wave of his hand toward the cabin. "Ta
done broke. I reckon l's whut dey calls
a bankrun'."
"What are your assets?"
"Lcmme soe. Dar's me an' de three
boys_ an' "
"You misunderstand. 'Your assets are
what" you have hopes of realizing: money
on."
"Dat's what I's gettin' to. My assets
ain' nutnn' but fo* votes an' a mule."—
Washington Star.
A TOUCH OF NATURE.
"he sentence of this court," said the
Judge, "la that you bo condemned to soli
tary confinement for the term of two
years." •
"Thank*. Judge. My profoundest
thanks!" exclaimed the culprit, with effu
sive gratitude.
His Honor, detecting the genuineness of
the prisoner's appreciation, spontaneously
returned:
"I don't know, my friend, but I almost
envy you. I am a married man myself."—
Richmond Dispatch.
HIS ASSETS.
A CALL DOWN.
*
Mrs. Spender—Don't you think, dear, that the way I dress is fetching?
Mr. Spender —Sure: it Is gradually (etching me into the bankruptcy court.
MIXING CAMP LAUNDERING
"The complainants thar," said the chair
man of the new committee of safety, "say
that they come to your shack with a sheet
on a. pole what they was usin' fer a flag
of truce an* you fired on 'em."
"We did," admitted the defendant. "We
thought it vfuz a black flagf."—Indianapo
lia Press.
A Born Diplomat.
Diplomacy in the affairs of a nation U
nothing more than an extension of tact
In social life. One day last week a giant
of a colored man took a load of coal to
a residence on the Cass farm. He was
cross and ugly and the good wife who
was looking a/ter things at home wanted
much at his hands. He had told her
that he had three tons to throw off the
wagon, had sworn roundly because the
Eliding door to the barn was hard to open,
and he was In open tebelllon when she
asked him to make a bin In the corner so
that the coal would not scatter all over
the floor.
"\V~hat you take me fo\ woman? You
am jes 1 like de boss at de yahd. He done
'elude Ah'm a hoss, a steam injin' an' a
tug. Ah do mo* wo'k dan all of 'em put
toeedda* and den dey's sayin* Nick do
<iis and Nick do dat till Ah'm ready fo' to
dig a ax In "em. Ah'm no bin bulldah.
Ah'm a coal heabah. Ah is. Dat load goes
right heah In deccnta' of de floali and ef
any man comes 'round heah sayin' bin to
me Ah'll flah him frough de roof."
Not a word back did this little woman
say. She went to the house, took the half
of a luscious watermelon from the Ice
box, carried it to the barn and said:
"Here. Nick, is some Ice-cold melon and
here's a big silver spoon. Eat It all. for
vre have more than we need. It may cool
your throat. I do pity" any one who has
to work so hard this weather. Sorrv I
spoke about the bin. but 1 didn't know
where to get a man."
Niclc*a eyes glistened. He tackled the
melon before he did the coal, and he ate
by the cubic foot. He built the bin. He
nailed up a loose window sash and he
ewept the barn floor. When he returned
the spoon to the maid at the back door
he had his hat In his hand, while he said:
"Please gib my 'pa ids to de missus.
Tell huh I neber 'Joyt-d nothin* mo* in
man life and Bay wh-?n she done want
mo* coal please ask for Nick."— l>etroit
Free Press.
CHANGED HER MIND.
Lady <!n the theater to the playwright
whose piece has just b*en hissed off) —
Sir. I took the liberty in the last act to
snip off a lock of your hair. 1 now re
turn it to you.— Fliegende Blaetter.
SOUTHERN DELIGHT'S.
"Are you goln' to the literary to
night?"
"Don't know; what's up?**
""Shakespeare an' possum." — Atlanta
Constitution.
THE DIFFERENCE OF A LETTER.
"What <Jo you think Is your natural vo
lation?" asked the friend.
"1 haven't any." said youn? Mr.
Dawdle. "What I was bora with was a
natural vacation."— Washington Star.
CRAMPED.
Cobb— I am building a new house.
Wt bb— Why didn't you have the old one
remodeled ?
Cobb — Couldn't afford It. — Harper's Ba
car.
THE RETURN TRIP.
"Will you have plenty of fresh fruit at
that farm where you go. Alice?"
"Yes; Arthur says he will bring a big
basketful e\-ery nigrht.**— Detroit Free
Press.
HARD LUCK
Gallant yachtsman— I think the worst
experience I ever had was when we ran
out of port in a gale of wind.
His fair friend— Why. I thought sailor*
always drank rum.— Pick-Me-Up.
CAN'T SUIT 'EM.
"When he hustles they say It's all for
effect." r
"Yes."
"And when be quiets down they Fay he's
posing." — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
QUITE ORDINARY.
"Is he a roan of much callbtr?"
"No; just an oid-iashtoned -smooth
bore."— Judge.
THE SUJSDAX CALiLi.
3
THE WAGES OF HYPOCRISY.
Fhr —IT I had known you bwoit. I'd rovr have married you.
He—Tt: 8 Is what 1 get f.»r be.nj; a h;p-nite.
PROBABLY.
WTie-ier—Gracious! I wonder If I'll ever get so old as to look like that?nothing remains of the toy bat a few
broken sticks.
Fond parents with grief In their eyes
•watch their future bread-winners limp off
to bed. Solicitous for their welfare the
Their young hopefuls, buoyed in the be
lief that they can manufacture the toy,
play havoc 'with -elean kitchen floors In
their efforts to evolve an alrsh!^. Paste
is absolutely needed In making a kite and
flour and water, make fine paste. There
fore before little "Willie has stuck the cor
ners of his kite the kitchen floor looks as
if it had been struck by a blizzard. lit
tle Willie slips out of the house beforo
the mess is discovered. He calls his chum
to his aid and between them they try
all afternoon to raise the thing over, their
heads. An inconvenient telegraph wire
always ends their sport. The tail of the
kite becomes entangled with the wire Just
as their efforts are to be crowned with
success. The wind blows the kite round
and round the wire and no amount of
pulling and hauling will dislodge it. In
revenge the boys throw stones at the
swinging target and within a short time
Mgger baby" is played wii:> a rubber
ball. Accuracy In throwing absolves the
player from punishment. As many hats
as there are boys in the game are stacked
against a wall so that they form so many
pockets. The leader of the game rolls the
ball toward the hats and each lad stands
alert to Krab it should it roll in his "sky
piece." In the event that the ball finds
a resting place the elected one hastily
grabs it and taking quick aim at one of
his companions throws it with full force.
If the ball- misses its object the thrower
is penalized and the one scoring five misses
la compelled to place his head against
the wall and afford a good target for his
playmates to hit. Each player is allowed
five shots, and as the average boy Is a
Kood marksman, the unlucky one suffera
great stress of mind and body.
The kite-flying season' is looked forwaid
to with misgiving by most mothers.
KNUCKLE down! Knucrtle down!
yer fudging."
An interesting. game cf marbles
was In progress. One cf the play
ers in his anxiety to cisplco.; some crys
tals that rested in the "fat," or oval, had
moved his grimy fist barely an inch
toward the mark v:heii his sharp eyed
companion caught him in the act. _1hoii
followed the usual shrill argument on
cheating. Charges and denials were hurl
ed with a rapidity that was dtar'Jing. The
game having- been renewed, one of the
little fellows plumped himself on the side
walk and taking careful aim at the mar
bles in the ring launched his "taw," or
agate, and it struck one of them, knock-
Ing Jt out of the oval. T'nfortunatfcly lor
him the "taw" spun rapidly from the
force of the impact and remained in the
"fat," losing him the grame. He took his
loss philosophically and having exhauste-1
his supply of marbles he left his victor
ious companion and went in search of
other entertainment.
The Anrfrican boy is never at a loss for
eport. He dreams of his play while lis
tening to the droning voice of his teacher
in school. • Often when he should be study
ing his geography he writes out a chal
lenge to bis neighbor for a game of ball
after school or thinks of the big kite he
expects to launch on the next windy day.
He gazes longingly at the clock, and as
the hands slowly creep round to 2:30 p. m.
he gives a welcoming grin and with high
spirits marches out of the school building.
Once on the street he makes a wild
scramble for home. He will stop on th-j
¦way to tease -a "Boxer," play tag or
•watch two school mates settle a dispute
with their fists. >
With a yell that would do credit to a
Cor m nche Indian he enters his abode and
with a lusty swing deposits his books in
a corner to be picked up later by his
fond parent. A piece of bread and jelly
or a nice big apple satislles his appetite
and he sneaks out the back door to avoid
being sent on an errand. He picks up his
bat and chases down to MJke Smith's
house and invites that youngster to get
his 1 ball and play "one o' cat." Other
"kids" see the inception of the game from
afar and they- join their companions with
it rush.
The game is soon started. Its progresj
is often interrupted by the appearance 01:
the corner of a policeman or "bull," as be
Is familiarly called, who. knowing the
penchant of the lads for driving- the
spheroid through neighboring window?,
walks majestically toward the boys and
the latter do not delay their departure.
HAPPY DAYS IM THE LIFE OF THE SAN FRANCISCO SMALL BOY.
ruE suxda
mother examines th«
rovers black and bi
dance. "Oh, lt'» nutti;
ful replies. "I wa.^
the sacs." lie ia U:
4not to play shinny. H<? Is a go>«fe jiromlser
but. fad to relate, he has a woefully baJ
memory. The following day. he will be
•eeti eniraF"J In an attempt to knocK a
Llotk cf wood out of business.
Shinny has more charm for the small
boy than eolf has for his elders. The
reason for his devotion to the former gar.ie
Is because of the excitement and dan
ger.' He has no "brassies," "putters, !
-kniblicks" or other fancy turned sticks.
All he needs is a stout branch of a tree,
which has a slight curve in it, A game
of shinny is soon started and quickly de
cided. The boys take sides and, as in a
W me of football, each -team strives to
force the block of wood toward their re
spective goals. The captains on each
team face each other and yell "shinny,
one shinny two, shinny three."
Before the word "three" i? uttered
both captains bend over the piece
of wood which resta between them
and take careful aim. At the
proper signal they begin to beat the
jrround in an effort to hit the object, but
onlv succeed in battering each other s
stick. Durinsr the excitement a player
is completely turned around and crosses
to his opponents' side. Woe for him If he
fails to right himself. With a "shinny on
your own side" he receives a crack over
the shins and a black and blue mark at
tests his carelessness.
"Kick the •wicket" is great sport for the
boys. A piece of hose about a foot" Ions
is placed agrainst a lamppost with one end
resting; on the sidewalk. The boy who is
"it" stands in front of the wicket ana
as one of his companions kicks the hose
he picks it up and rushes to replace it
before the runner has stopped his flight.
If he catches him moving he does the
kicking. • .
"Leapfrog" is a speedy means or domjj
an errand. Two bovs start out for the
bakery and tach in turn bends his bacK
so that his companion car. vault over him.
Sometimes a half dozen lads engage in
the sport and it is a ludicrous sight to see
them spread out along the block with
backs in air like cats on a back yard
fence preparing for a fray.
Tops are growing less in favor with the
youngsters. This is due to the stone
sidewalks, which will not permit them to
spin their tops to any great extent. The
impact of the "peg" against the stone
dulls the steel and oftentimes spoils the
lop In the days of th<? wooden walk the
boys found no greater pleasure than play
ing ring The top was sjiun in the center
of the ring, and if it "died out" and did
not ron clear of the circular chalk line
the top had to remain a.? a target for
\Ue pens of the other players.
For a time iug-of-war" was In vogue.
Cleats -were affixed to long planks, and
teams from rival streets would pull lor
tupremaoy. These contests soon grew un
popular, as they generally ended in a
tifht. The anchor man would be charged
with trickery, and the contest that could
not be settled by pulling was usually de
cided by the use of \nature"s weapons.
Black eyes and bodily bruises seldom met
favor at homo, and another beating was
always due the unfortunate participant
in such a quarrel. Thus it was that the
"tug-of-war" grew in disfavor.
After supper the small boy finds amuse
ment playing "tic-tac-to," "one foot off
ihe gutter." "prisoner's base" and "tal
ly-i-ho." The lirst pastime is a favorite
with him. A spool of black thread, a
pin and a. nail are required for the fUn.
The lady who tnrows water on her steps
to keep the boys from congregating there
is the sufferer. One of the youngsters
quietly slips up to her window, and secure
ly fastens the pin to the sash. The thread
is unwoend for quite a distance and then
the sport grows interesting. The constant
"tic-tac" against the window disturbs
the peaco of mind of the inmates of the
house and they come out to investigate
As soon as trey put io'an appearance th»
noise subsides, only to continue again
when they re-enter the house. This is
how the small boy secures revenge.
The American youth is full of fun and
activity. He is always ready to play and
would rather be at one of his favorite
pastimes than go to the best entertain
ment on earth, unless it be a circus. He
has a strong penchant for "the latter and
will be good for a whole week, cut wood,
go errands and wash himself twice a day
for the privilege of seeing the performing
. elephant and the funny clowns. He often
recalls his visit to the circus by having
one himself. Then it is that the fond
, parent wishes that she had never taken
her offspring to the show. The little fel
. low ransacks the house for gaudy ma
\ terial for his costumes and he generally
•' cuts up dresses in his enthusiasm. A bot
tle or a sack is the price of admission to
| the theater, which is usually in a dark
» and damp basement. If the house is not
J set on fire by the actors the owner of the
I bunding is in luck. After the perform
ance the actors gather the bottles and
-, sacks together ami dispose of them to a
» passing junk dealer. The proceeds,
3 amounting to not more than 10 cents, is
s used in buying chewing candy. ' ;
g It is due to the foregoing pastimes that
e the American boy is so strong, healthy
e and courageous. These qualities are de
_ veloped in him by constant rivalry in
r feats of strength and skill with his com
i panions. LOUIS LEVY, .
;?
tv CAM-
5
.* . V V £ an<3 d!s-
BO • . rks in abun-
|h. \.- youEg bope-
; " : . i i.ir.ny wit**
c . .2 aiaicsishedHER IDEA.
"Are you for Imperialism?*
*'I don't understand you."
**I mean —cr—do you favor annexation r*
"Oh! this Is so sudden. Tea —I'm yours."
AN AGREEABLE COLOR
HE WON
"Do you like pink te&sT' asked the
Brooklyn girl.
"I never tasted them." replied the visit-
or from Cook County, "but I just dote on
pink lemonades."-Brooklyn Life.
CHICAGO HYPERBOLE.
The 12:47 has gone."
Quoth the traveler. "What shall I doT*
Said a cop: "If you run
You'll catch one at 1:02;
rhere's another one, too, at 2:01."
— Philadelphia Press.
NOTHING TO SAY.
Kngllshman—You have some pretty high
buildings In Chicago, haven't : ou?
Chlcagoan (in London)—Well. I should
remark. Why, the tops of them are cov
ered with snow the year round!—London
Tit-Hits-.
Magistrate— You are charged with talk
ing back to. an officer, sir; have you any
thing to j»ay?
Prisoner— Not a vrurd, yer Honor; Ol"v«
re>} too moceh alrcijy.— Ohio State Jour
nal.
HARD ON HER
"Papa is afraid some man ¦will marry me for ray money. Do you thin!; any one
would?"
"Some men will do almost anything for money."
POSITIVE AND COMPARATIVE.
Old Friend— How's your father this
morning? Good?
Little Boy — No. He's startln' to swear
again, so he must be better. He's on'y
pood when he feels real sick.—Philadel
phia. Press.
IN CALdCO.
CHANCE TO TRY THEM.
"After all." asserted the. youthful ma
chine politician. "I believe in 'rtng*
methods."
"Oh, George!" she cried, "this is so sud
den."—Chicago Post.
HARD TO PtEASE.
Wife— Tell me honestly, John, if I should
die, would you marry again?
John (desiring: to please)— Marry again!
Of course I wouldn't. Such an Idea would
never enter my mind.
Wife (angrily)— Oh, you wouldn't? You
don't find marriage pleasant, I suppose?
No doubt you are sorry you married me.
John (still desiring to please) — You don't
understand, my dear. I was joking, of
course. I meant that I would marry
again:
Wife (more angrily) — Tou would, eh?
You are in a great hurry to get married
again. Perhaps you wish that I was out
of the way. I know you would be glad
if I dled-ugh!— London Tit-Bits.
He — Of course you can't believe every
thing you hear. She— Oh, no! but you
can repeatMt!
A DROP TOO MUCH.
Friend— All you need Is patience. -,
Young doctor— Yes, If you spend it In
the way I spell it.— Syracuse Herald.
Hoax— What made the elevator fall?
Joax—The elevator man took a drop too
much. —Philadelphia Record.
FRIENDLY ADVICE.
"See here!" exclaimed the dlsarusted
guest, "this meat's simply awful. Where's
the proprietor of this Joint?"
"He's gone out to lunch, sir," replied
the waiter.— Philadelphia Press.
She Described Jt.
It was the first day' at siehool. The bell
had tapped arid the little people of the
secondary .'primary weresitting upright in
their seats,. hands properly 7 folded and
with round eyes fixed on the new teacher,
takings a metal Inventory. ...
She was a bit nervous. It was her first
school.*-.The:children made her-"fidgety,"
they^Jtarted at her so hard and watched
her so narrowly. . ._.',- ;'_>
She began-to feel like a.mouse that is
within the-clutches of a cat. -She cast
about wildly In her mind for some occu
pation to begin the first day. She re
gretted bitterly that she had not ar
ranged some "definite plan of campaign.
Then her face brightened. She would find
out what the children already knew.
Question followed question, touching on
divers subjects. * ¦, ' •
"Now, who knows what a skeleton is?"
asked the teacher/smiling coaxingly. .
The little girl wearing the pink gingham
apron and occupying • the back seat
waved her hand -wildly and worked her
mouth in frantic endeavor to get "teach
er" to look at her. •
"Well/what is it?"*
"A skeleton." said the.tot, twisting her
apron in her fingers, "is a man who has
his insides outside and his outsides off."—
Denver Times.
-
WISE PROPRIETOR.
Friend — DU1 Fortune smtle on jroo?
Rejected suitor— Well, she gave me th«
laugh. If that's what you mean.— Syracuse
Herald.
NOT THE SAME.
Mamma— Did Mr. Smiddle say anything
that leads you to think that he Intends to
propose?
Daughter— lie asked me If then ins &
mortgage on the bouse.
"My dear," said Mrs. Hunewell.. as sh«
poured tho coffee at breakfast the other
morning, "do you believe In the eternal
fitness of things?" "I used to,** replied
Hunewell, "but that was before you bo
gan to make my shirts."—The Satchel.
A LOVER'S* INQTJIRT.
I Here Is an Ingenious Circassian atory:
A man was walking; along one road and
a woman along another. The roads finally
united and the man and the woman reach
ing the junction at the same time, went
on from there together. The man was
carrying a large iron kettle on his back;
in one hand he held by the-leg a lty
chicken, in the other a cane; and he wa»
leading a goat. Just as they were coming
to a deep, dark ravine the woman said to
the man:
"I am afraid to go through that dark
ravine with you. It Is a lonely place, and
you might overpower me and kiss me by
force." .
"It you are afraid of that," said tn«
man, "you shouldn't. have walked with
me at all. How can I possibly overcome
you and"kiss you by.force when I have
this great Iron kettle on my back, a can*
in one hand and a live chicken in the
other, and am leading this coat? I might
as well be tied hand and foot."
"Tes." replied tlie woman, **but If you
should stick your cane in the ground and
tie your goat to it, and turn the kettle
bottom side up and put the chicken under
it. then you might wickedly kiss me In
spite of my resistance."
"Success to thy Ingenuity. O woman,"
said the man to himself. "I should never
have thought of this expedient."
And when they came to the ravine be
stuck his cane Into the ground and tied
the goat to It. gave the chicken to the
woman, saying. "Hold It while I cut
some grass for ihe goat." and then, lower
ing the kettle from his shoulders, he
wickedly kissed the woman, as she wu
afraid he would.—Stray Stories.
THE MEAN THING.
Afraid of Being Kissed.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
6
AN EARTHLY SORROW.
Melancholy Mudd—And I can't hold more than half of It!
"I see breakers ahead."
"That doesn't affect me; I'm broke already.""Did he marry her for her money?"
"No, he married her money In spite of
it."— Detroit Free Press. .
"Higgins, I've come to you for advice.
What ought a man of my capabilities and
opportunities to do in order to achieve the
greatest success in life?"
"Gurney, I wish you had come to me
with that question about five years .ago.
I could have told you all about it then. I
¦was just out of college." — Chicago ; Tri-"
bune. ¦
HOW IT WAS.
"I believe In taking some things for
granted."
"Yes; when you lent me the novel you
said was so delightful -I noticed that the
leaves were not cut/'r-Chlcagb Record.
HIS LIBERAL. POLICY.
"Mrs. Gollghtly, did Mrs. Deepdip have
a fine paper on Buddha?"
"Indeed she did. I just wish you had
heard her rip him up the back."—Indian
apolis Journal.
AT THE OUTDOOR CLUB
"Those people next door can't fool me;
they haven't been married very long."
"How do you know?" \
"She says she just loves to get up at 5
o'clock and get his breakfast."— Chicago
Record.
FOUND OUT.
FUSION
Democratic Manager—I am glad you
have arranged adeal'with the Populists
in your looallty. What terms did you
make 'with them?
Subordinate Committeeman—Well, wo
gave them the platform and the candi
dates, and they let us call It the Demo
cratic ticket.—Chicago Tribune.
THE SAME, WITH A DIFFERENCE.
*- She— What a fitting token of married life
Is the wedding ring.
He— It is. A ring has no end; and it'also
has no beginning. It Is absolutely .without
variety, and is much easier put on -than
taken off.— Harlem Life.
A SURE THING
Edith— I would be wining to marry the
man I loved," even If he wasn't capable of
earning over $10 a "week.
Ethel— So would I. Such men aa. that al
most always come of rich and influential
families.— Puck.
A CAUTIOUS VBRDICT.
• "Do you consider conversation a lost
art?" > ;
- ""Well, there's too much talking dona
by talkative people, ana" too little talking
done by people who don't talk."— Chicago
Record.
". "I "speak. for the 'Solid South,'" cried
the Democratic orator. "On election day-
Bryan will have all the whites with me."
"And the next day," cried a voice in th«
crowd, "he will have the blues."—Phila
delphia Press.
"I* the- a girl of the period?"
"Oh, no; she never punctuates with any
thing but dashes." — Philadelphia Bulletin.
She — "Don't you feel a draught over
there by that window?" He (timidly)—
"Yes, I b-bclleve I do. Shall I p-pull
down the b-bllnd, or c-come over and s-sit
by you?" She — "Well. I would advise you
to Dull down the blind first."
A DASHING MISS.
"Do you like young Mr. Clifford's
looks?"
"Yes, I do very much."
"Don't his ears seem rather long?"
"Yes; they are rather long. Bat you
must remember that I'm a Missouri girl,
and dad made his fortune trading mules."
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
BOND OF SYMPATHY
RUDBER.
Tom N. Jorry—What is the most curious thing you ever saw in the world?
Otto B. Home—My wife.
WILL REMAIN AT LARGE
"Jones has gone clean daffy. I wonder
they don't put him in an asylum. 'V
"His property is so heavily mortgaged
that none of his relatives want it."
"I see," she said, "that a couple who
were married the other day received
twenty clocks as wedding presents." "And
yet," he bitterly, replied, ."I'll bet she'll
never be in time when they are going
out anywhere."
"The evidence," said the magistrate, "is
conclusive as to your having thrown a
stooe at the man." "Sure," replied the
defendant, an Irishwoman, "an' the looks
av the man shows more nor that, yer
honor; It shows that Oi hit him."
Irate Landlady (pounding on the door of
her slothful lodger's room)— Is It dead or
alive ye are. Mister Maloney? Maloney
(from within)— Nay ther; I'm sleepin"!
How. It rained! The huge'drops pelted
the pane and then trickled down _ the sill.
"Just Kuch a . night as '.. twenty-five years
ago," murmured the old man" with the
snuffbox! The bell rang sharply." The
old man hobbled . over; and opened" the
door. •
"Who' is there?" he called.
"You wiH soon know," replied the
stranger. "' "It's a wild night."
'- "Fierce)"" '
"Just such a night as twenty-five years
ago." "" ; .
"What?"
"And you found a basket on your step."
"How do you know this?" •". -.
"And when you took the basket in you
found it contained an infant. You admit
this?"
"Tes; but — -"
"And then I suppose you remember tak
injr the infant, to a warm fire and drying
its clothes?"
"I do." ;
"And then you treated the outcast as
your own kin until he was 15 _ years of
oge."
"I remember all. At IS he left my hum
ble roof to seek his fortune"."
"But he didn't find it!"
"Then he must be "•
"lie stands before you."
"And you have come back after all
these, years to thank me?" .
"No; I have come back to lick you."
"What?"
"Yes. to lick you for taking me in. ' If
you had not disturbed that basket' the
chances are some wealthy, childless
woman would have seen me from her car
riage window and taken me for adoption.
Then instead of being a tramp I would
be rolling in the lap of luxury. Old man,
I can never forgive you. Come out here
while 1 wipe the yard up with "
But the door slammed.
I How it rained. — Bar Harbor Life. . ¦
How It Rained.
THE SUNDAY CALL. ~*
THE NEW CAT AND THE OLD DOG.
Miss Kittlsh—rve ripped my bloomers. Will you sell me a pair of your pants?
Waggish Mr. Bowser—Let me see the size of your purrs first.
That a woman has no Idea of distance is
known by every husband who has heard
his wife boast how far she makes her
NOT DISAPPOINTED.
"Wonder if he's going- to put circus pictures at the side?**
"I knovred it was wickedness of some sort!" "*
7
DELICATELY PUT
Llngt-rlnf; Caller — Perhaps you were go-
Ins out? We might go together.
Bored Hostess— Oh, I'm not going so
soon as that!— Moonshine.
NOT A STRONG CANDIDATE
UriFtrong— Did he prove to be a stout
candidate?
"No; the second assessment broke him."
—Detroit Journal.
PROSPEROUS
Sister— Sold anything lately. Arthur?
Disconsolate Artist— Yes; most of mj
furniture.— The King.
CLOSE TO THE FRONT
M Bi£sby has a peculiar bald head. Looks
as if he had been scalped."
"Frontier life has something to do with
It, I suppose."
"Yep. Front tier at all the ballet
shows."- Cleveland Plain Dealer.
He knew what they always say, so he
thought h« would forestall her. "I sup
pose you've been kissed by a man be
fore 7" he said. "Do you look as homely
as all that?" she demanded haughtily.
"Now, Johnny, do you understand thor
oughly why I am gflng to whip you?"
•'Yes, pa. You're in^a bad temper this
mornJn', an" you're got to hit some one
before you feel satisfied."
QUALIFIED.
"Yes. I advertised for a clerk," said the
lawyer, taking the cigar Irom his mouth
and (.browing out his chest. "What quali
fications have you?"
"I can lie a little, sir." replied the boy
timidly. — Yonkers Statesman.
MORE INFORMATION.
Tommy— Say, paw.
Mr. Fige— Well?
"What Is a Hopper?"
"A flojiper, my son. Is a man that
leaves his party because he cannot take it
with him " — Indlananolia k*ress. -\ THE SUNDAY CALL.
8Ralston knew that as soon an the rail
road was completed across the continent
there would be an Influx of Eastern and
European capitalists, and he wished to
entertain them suitably, that they might
be more readily persuaded to invest here.
In the big stone stables of Belmont there
were usually from eighty to a hundred
horses, as good as could be bought, and
on Sunday mornings there would often
be four four-hor*-* coaches sent out loaded
with guests, to say nothing of two-seat
err, buggies and saddle horses.
Ralston helped build roads all over his
part of the country-, and the solid stone
bedded highways which he prepared for
public use are still the delight of bicyclists
and automobilers who perhaps never
heard of the name of the man who con
structed the boulevards that have made
San Mateo and Santa Clara euch favorite
outing grounds.
In the rear of the house Is a large Turk
ieh bath building, tiled as are the mosques
of Arabia. Unknown to most of those
who were guests, and even to many regu
lar inmates of the house, was a subterra
nean lake on which floated a little boat.
tor, which runs by water power from a
lake in the mountain.
The following Is an extract from a let
ter describing a visit to the place in Ral-
Eton'a time:
• • • "I had heard many wonderful
stories of the Ralston home and of the
magnificent entertainments there from
my older sisters, who were, forever men
tioning Belmont as Cinderella's sisters 'did
the party at the prince's palace. .-.
"Mr. Ralston never took the train to
Belmont.
"There were several reasons. One was
that he did not like the railroad people;
he sent all of his freight by steamer, hav
ing bought a wharf for that purpose.
Then it was "inconvenient to arrange his
business to suit the exactions of a time
table; but, most of all, his reason was
that be could beat the train any way,
and besides there was the glorious fun of
coaching.
"On this particular occasion the coach
had gathered us up, a party of ten, and
called for Mr. Ralston at the bank last of
all.
"He took the reins himself and the
Down the toboggan of time the nous*
has come with c. crash, from the glorious
days when gay soubrettes were put into
champagne baths, on through the later
years, when a9 a young ladies' seminary
midnight ladder parties gave rise to burg
lar stories, until now. poor old house, sold
for a song, less even than some poets"
songs have brought. It goes with all Its
mirrors, bronzes and oil paintings to shel
ter the human wrecks whoae mental
lights have failed. .— r - --
Sharon was in politics and the require
menta brought him under a wide ranga
of social obligations. The guests of Bel
mont during his ttme ran the whole gamut
of the social scale from Mammy Pleas
ant and Sarah Althea Hill to General
Grant and Earl Dufferln, Governor Gener
al of Canada.
gooa as new. as In fact are all of the Im
provements on the place, from the main
ZStSSZ iLWSK K 3: ovemll "«
While Ralston owned Belmont he en
tertained almost continuously. The par
ties were of all sorts, from the quiet times
when a few bright Bohemians were driven
down by himself In hi 3 private coach to
meet a theatrical troupe who were already
being entertained and entertaining there
to the grand affairs, such as the times
when special trains conveyed San Fran
cisco society en masse to banquet with
Admiral Farragut or General Sherman.
Ralston, whether voluntarily or by ac
cident, died as a result of grief from the
treatment given him by his old associate*
at the time of the suspension of the Bank
of California. The Beimont place fell into
the hands of Sharon and from tfc_t time
on to his death the magnificence of the
entertainments was redoubled.
was tne greatest undertaking upon wnicn
Ralston entered. At first he had tried
small wells and springs which failed.
Arter that a tremendous cavern waa ex
cavated in the mountain side back of the
house and lined with masonry. All of tho
rainwater from the roof was led into this
but still the supply was Insufficient. A
diamond drill from the mines waa then
set to work in the valley near his private
eras works in front of the house. At a
great depth, and before water was
reached, the drill struck a ledge of jasper
which resisted all efforts and finally It
broke off, useless.
A shaft was then sunk and from the
bottom of it a tunnel run across the can
yon and extended far under the mountains
on either side. No water was found and
imure n g n e e o.og. s S t UU there tO my3tlfy >80me
His final and successful plan was to buy
a mountain tract across the valley and
build a large stone dam, fifty feet high
which created an artificial lake that has
given a perpetual supply ever since.
From here the water Is led across the
valley In a six-Inch main to the subter
ranean lakes and reservoirs around and
under the house, and also to smaller ones
on the hill above. A *eparate system of
fire plugs all over the buildings and on th»
roofs are directly connected with the high
pressure of the water frpm the mountain
and in addition a large steam fire pump
waa located next to the Turkish bath, in
which steam was kept up continually
The stables cover about a third of an
acre and are built of cut stone, with solid
timber floors six inches thick -which would
not even creak if ?.n elephant walked
over them. ;-,iBWsB
The gas works, reservoir and stable
each cost forty, thousand dollars, and aro
the house -^aa aepanea ana we were soon
at rest in our rooms, for there was to be
a coaching party to the ocean the next
day and an early start was to be made.
"Breakfast Sunday morning was served
after tho European custom just as we
happened to v drop in. Tho gentlemen
waited on the ladies and the delightfully
unconventional recalling of the experiences
of the night before crystallized that beau
tiful dream into a mass of realistic mem
ories which will never be effaced from the
mind of one of us as long as we live.
"After breakfast came the four-in
hands, and away went the jolliest party
I had , ever seen brought together, for a
drive and to the ocean, where they were
to have, a light lunch ¦ taken in hampers,
returning in time for dinner.
,"For myself I preferred ; to stay and in
vestigate the house and grounds, which I
felt as though I never I wished to leave."
There is a charm about the place which
comes over every, one, and yet with it all
there is a fatality pursuing, such as that
which destroys so many beautiful women.
; i (i '1\m m the piace without
being tempted to strange and eccentric
adventures. . It makes the workaday
world seem unreal merely to wander
through the pillared halls; to walk from
room to room, through openings where
the walls have disappeared up into the.
ceilings. . " •
The house is full of surprises and mys
teries. Lift a trap door under a.stairway
and see a lake beneath you with cavern
ous- arches Btretching away Into the
darkness. >and. then to feel the floors and
walls . jar and tremble as some valve Is
opened and a thundering torrent' of water
Is poured into it from the lake on the
mountain. *
The search for water in this dry canyon
,. * - ¦ ¦:-¦¦>...
on the third floor, overlooking a terrace of
orange' trees. A cool bath to freshen me
froni the dust of the ride, and then
dressed for dinner. I delighted myself for
an hour In looking at marBles. bronzes
and oil paintings whioh filled the great
lower floor.
"There were some twenty persons at
the table, yet so large were the rooms
so attentive the waiters, and above all
the powerful personality of the host <?n'
pervading that all seemed to blend and
concentrate until it was like the smallest
and coziest of family affairs.
"The dinner, the waiters and chef had
all been brought from the city that»morn
lng, as was the custom when there was
any sort of a function. While everything'
was elaborate. It was apparently simple
and so smoothly regulated that there was
none of the stiffness which usually domi
nates. An orchestra was placed In the
mezzanine floor of the reception hall and
filled, the house with its music.
"After dinner there were more "arrivals
In carriages of guests from neighboring
villas at San Mateo and Redwood.
"In the meantime the great partitions
between the billiard and dining rooms and
the reception hall had been raised : and
the' doors opened between corridors and
music room, so that we could dance round
and round the main fk>or of the house;
something over a block the distance was.
•Some of the time we- were under the
bright glare of the myriad prismed glass
chandeliers, then gliding into the • semi
darkness of the corridors, where the moon
half screened by the big magnolias out
side threw* patchy lights on the polished
floors; from .. there . again back Into the
grand music ; room, whose mirrored sides
showed reflections .back and forth .until
the repeated figures vanished in the dis
tance. I had. many partners that even-
Ing. r > Most of- them had traveled, and
while ' they had- seen more '¦ elegance or
greater size in European residences, cas
tles or courts, yet never before such a
combination of homelike comfort, spa
cious-apartments and. architectural ele
gance.
"At midnight a supper was served in the
art gallery, while dancing still continued
beneath us.
/'Looking down from the curved balcony
rails there passed a continuous stream of
gorgeously costumed women and men in
evening dress; or -uniforms, .all dancing,
¦whirling unceasingly and repeated in mir
rors on every side,- the only figures In re
pose being here and there a marble statue
on its ¦ pedestal, serenely contemplating
the ; activity with which in their lifelike
ness they seemed ready to take part. ' »•*"¦
: ."Before 1 o'clock all but the inmates of
drlver had barely time to spring into a
eeat on the rear before we were off with
a rush, for it was hl3 purpose to go out
tho Mission plank road and take an even
start with the train as it left Valencia
Btreet.
"In those days wind blew and sand flew
in San Francisco as it .never . does now
and Mr. Ralston made the excuse as we
were going "but Mission street that he
would whip up a little and get us out of
the bad weather r for our drive was going
to take us through more than one change
of climate. .••.'" -¦•v'W-
"The old plank' road rumbled . and
ewayed underneath us and the flying sand
cut our faces, even through our heavy
veils. When we came .to the' end of the
Band and the plank roud the train was
whistling behind us and Mr. Ralston
whipped up a little more, as he called it.
As a matter of fact, the horses needed
no whipping, all they wanted was the
chance, and they seemed willing to do tho
going. After we got to the top of the
grade and In sight of the ocean our speed
was again increased. It seemed as though
every change of the road was excuse for
faster traveling.
" 'If the horses cannot trot fast enough
they can run,' was the way that our gen
tleman driver looked at traveling gaits :
it made no difference to him how a horse
traveled so that he got there.
"We made two changes of teams and
the last one took us over roads which
were built for the purpose, with easy
turns and well crowned surface. We lost
a little on the train, a*s it made/up time on
the straight reaches, and when it stopped
fit a station we would be up with it again.
As we swung out 1 of the long straight road
into the avenue which led to Belmont, we
crossed not a hundred feet ahead of the
train, which was slowing down as it came
into the station.
"The motherly housekeeper had my
things brought up to my room, which was
"Another- minute and we were clipping
along past the tree branches that over
hung the driveway. A beautiful hazy val
ley with a blue mountain rim around it,
opened away on our left, and Just below
the roadway a heavy black 6moke rolled
up from the private gas works that set
the Belmont house ablaze with light.
"We drew up under the porte-cochere
and bundled down hastily, for. the horses
were shaking oft great flaky ¦ masses ; of
foam and lather and < the grooms were
anxious to get them in the stables to cool.
"Once in the house It was a succession
of surprises and delights that .did not
cease until I left.
Descending by a concealed stairway from
the interior of the house, one found a
landing at the bottom, and from there
might take a trip with candle torches as
on the lake in the Mammoth Cave.
Theyc is no one spot in all California
which has more of the essential romance
of the State centered about it than this
old country seat at Boimont.
Surrounded immediately by the gnarly
oaks and brown hills, which make so
much of our scenery, and in the distance.
all about It, the blue, chemical covered
mountains— Etclmont is California.
The exterior of the house, new and star-
Ins yet. although it is thirty-live years
rid. shows not the least^ softening of
time. Two and a half tons of paint it
takes to give it a ccat. so large is the sur
face.
The main building covers a ground
space of three-quarters of an a< re and is
four stories high in parts, with an elevu-
FROM
PLEASURE
PALACE
TO MADHOUSE
VU& ON-ET talks. Not ever in plain
//)(\ but In parables and
J/fH between the lines, for capital
is timid, and capital says there is
a blight upon Belmont; but says it not in
•words, but thus:"
"Belmont cost Ralston a million to
build. It is as good as new— but, Ralston
lived there, lost his life and fortune.
Fharon lived there; became entangled in
Troubles which drove him. miserable, to
his grave. It was tried as a school and
failed. Capital will not touch it."
But hoodoos cannot harm nor omens
dismay the lunatic, and so the palace l*
to become a madhouse, or in tho milder
words, "a sanitarium for the treatment
of nervous and mental disease?."
It seems that there could be no better
end for the beautiful villa at Belmont
than that it should become an asylum for
the insane. There is at least wildness an<i
romance in that, and the place is one
wh'eh should never come to a prosaic end;
its whole existence, and even the ground
on which it stood, has been a tangled
mass of mysteries, underground pass-ager-.
subterranean lakes, romances, tragedies
and wild adventures.
The mirrored walls which for thirty
years reflected the most beautiful faces
which passed through California will now
return but the grin of the idiot and the
dark mask which madness casts over tho
light of reason, for Celmont House is to
be made the greatest private insane
asylum in America.
Raving maniacs may prowl and howl
through the graceful pillared halls of the
summer pleasure palace of the great
benanza princes.
Houses, like their owners, unjustly suf
fer from the swinging changes time
brings forth, as though every j">* bad a.
pain for its shadow, and one cannot bM
the welcome guest without burdening
himself with the other.
Of joys the house gave many. It was
built for nothing: else Than to delight every
one of the five senses. A million dollars
was epent for comforts and convenience
only: not a dollar was wasted on the ex
terior, which was plain as possible, mr-rc
3y to weatherproof and shelter the guesla
within.
The most striking thing one notices
about th>> house is the immense numbei
of bedrooms, over sixty-five, the greater
number <-,f thrm having baths connected.
The hpese in rrnny ways served for a
rnodrl of the I»ala*-e Ilot.-l and was itself
thp <-ause • f the building of that vast car
avansary.
When on? of the titled Englishmen who
visited there nrs-t raw the place he ex
pressed prc-at Furjrise that It should he
denominated n palace. That was before
he Lad scin tho interior.
Jla'fclon heard tho remark and was suns
by it. fcr be tad i:rvor called his home
a palace, nor thought of Jt otherwise than
as a cossfortabif summer residence!
He raid: "12ut 1 will build s;ai«>i,Vne.
though; that \.Ul U(> big onotish to hold
half a d<->zen of their little palaces an I
show thrni th<u America. unA California
above vM. i3 the ii!fi<-r for human achieve^
mfrtf."
K.™trr!::irr.3^rt? ct EMnnnt w?re in<iee-t
true bosplLalllT. Th< house was iu.it at
i. t t '.i!:r^ i!>»»- v.?zf Co great if>s>?au
nuats^cr hote'.s In Karj l*ranci-.;<-'<. Evexy
thir.e v.a? lun on i_hv jrne si-.antv p an,
for at! men i-zld that California VU but a"
gold camp, ani that when the cold was
eoi.e the people wtrald go. too.
tof America. The question that again pre
sents itself Is, whom have we besides
Ccusa, and should America be satisfied
with cue Sousa, or ought we to have men
of musical mark and fame consistent with
the fame and greatness of our country?
Whom have we sent to Europe as a rep
resentative of this great art? Some years
agj we sent, I think, "Hlind . Tom" to
Europe, but he was a musical freak. But
tnink of the artists Europe has sent to
us, and the vast sums of money America
has paid fcr the privilege of hearing them!
Every time Padtrews'ti closes an Ameri
can tour he takes home to his Polish bank
hundreds-, of thousand. 1 ", cf dollars. But
there are artists in Europe who are loth
to leave the congenial atmosphere of their
country. Ysaye, the great violinist, is
sought for by American managers. He
pimply shrugs his shoulders and says.:
"Why should I go to America, so far
away? Ucsldes I have not time enough
to serve my European patrons." One can
readily understand this artist's diffidence
of going to America after one has seen
him greeted by a cultured European au
dience, who pay three or. four times what
we are willing to pay for a concert here.
Their cheers and bravos are expressions
of appreciation, and their enthusiasm
Fccms to be without limit.
Every one who understands admits and
accepts that music Is the sublime speech
of the soul, the higher condition, the bet
ter life. Its effects are reflnlngr. " Mus'.c
tells sweetly the Joys and nassions of life;
It takes from sorrows half their burden
and robs anguish of its keenest sting; it
halls the seasons and promotes love of
country, and or home. It Is the universal
singers who have held prominence before
the world have been five American ladies,
and strange to say, three of them are
Californlans— Sibyl Sanderson. Emma
Nevada and the mest recent and now
famous little songstress. Rose Relda. The
other two are Nordica and Emma Eames.
But have we any world-famous American
violinist, piar.lst, or 'celliyt who acquired
h's educat'en in this, country and who
ha« farced his way to the front rank?
Certiir.ly not.
In patntlns we l:av» done a little more—
tt l^KJt. something more than in mus'c
—but our painters did not acquire their
education in America: at boys or young
rr.en they went abroad and worker vith
Jh.-it energy which is distinctively Amer
ican until the laurel wreaths fell upon
their brow?. While In Munich I met Toby
Kosenthal. possibly the most famous of
American painters to-day, the author of
•'Cat of the Frying Pan Into the Fire,"
"The Seminary Alarm." "The Vacant
Chcir." and many other celebrated
pictures. He is one of those artists
whose patrons consider themselves hon
ored and iloitered to be able to purchase
a picture from him. Of course he Is the
true poetic ideal genius painter. Sperk-
Ir.p about his residence In Europe, Mr.
ROAcnthal Bald; "1 have been living here
twenty years away from my native coun
try. My children are raised here. They
J--j:<"'W I love America, ar.d all my Benti
n&rta p.re American, but. having lived
b'ere so tocfc. it is difficult for me to hold
rry American citizenship, ar.d if I lo?e
th;it. my children, beinp Gentian torn,
would t«j suh.iect to m:!:tary service in
CencanyJ My chihiren aie Ar.icr:can.
::r.d if \ve onlyihad Institutions ol art in
Aj'-.rrici. I would not be conip_e!led to
maintain this continuous exile." I asked
hin;: "Would you come to America ar.d
take ch.irnc of an Institution such as the
Roviil Gallery of Art in Munich, for the
purpose of tenching and promatins the
higher art* in Arntrica?" 'if under
national cent r6i, yes; for a private insti
tut'.n: 1 .. r.o." was his answer, "iiut if the
Oovf ir.rr.er.t of America Would adept, say,
the system of the German, Krcnch or Bel-
Sinn Government for the perfection of
s:rt?" 1 asked.j "Thfn I would feel it a
duty as an American who loves his art
r.nd his. conn! ry to try and place such an
institution on as h!gn a standard as ths
European, jut the shoddy Americans
picitr to comr <o Uurope to buy pictures
ard pay a glut dfal more for them here
tttr-n they r.ii^ht •. ay for them in America.
r.nd tha!," Mr. Boienthal continued, "Ss
I artfaily due to the f.ici that Ameritan
artists have no standard, as they are
without a Xational Ac-.fiemy of Art that
ten rlace the seal of approval and give
character to works cf merit. It I? all idle
to <?ay that America is barren of points
of interest or subjects fcr the artist:
there are scenes in America that equal
anything- In Kurope. and many that far
surpass the best subjects that 'they have
here."
But let us return to our original theme
music. The average musician in America
to-day is a foreigner. You can count on
your finger? the American leaders of noto.
Thomas is one. Qllmore hns passed away.
and Soura is the one living: representative
of the American musician who has done a
great deal toward a favorable considera
tion of the American musician abroad. A
Spanish gentleman who listened to Sousa
In Pari* observed that it was remarkable
to hear Americans play such correct
mt-f-ic. "I had no idea that Americans
knew anything of lime." An American
ipentlemaxi to whnm he addressed his re
marks, roy>lio<i: "Well, a year or so ago
you feaci no idea that we knew anything
abcut thlrtcen-inch gur.s. You people here
finding out something about us all the
tiir>e thnt you did not know before."
V.'hil" Mr. Sousa rarely essays the classi
cal in music, or string instrumentation, it
lr.r.st ha ronfcfsed that in his special lino
he has no equal, and has won the plaudits
t'f the' European world.i as well as those
THE question most important thru
atrattn an answer is. When v. Ill the
American nation, by and through Its
Government, establish institutions
for the education of musical and art stti
der.ts? The elder and more prr>«perou- we
;rrow the more Important becomes this
question — a eue^f'on sn p^kiorn tbouxttt
of by the ordinary mind of the i".du«tr!ou<«
<1o!lar-scei;i:i?T American, but which is ?o
vital to the prudent who has run the
gamut of the education afforded in thi«
country through private source.-: and
T.i-rn vo c^rr:o tn consider the hi~hor
branches of art and rruric, then the dark
ness of ill" situation is nnmiiinjr. In
FpcakiriK to one of our oldest United
States S(r,.i;or> the quertlon v.-as asked,
"When pre trc rr^in-r to es'nM'.sh, like the
nidf r nation:-; o* nurope, !n?tHurlon« und^r
Government patrrnage and control for the
higher < duer.t'cn cf American genius?"
B!s answer w?s: •'] hope soon: but up to
the pr< •.-• Et we have been a very material
and ccv:-.rr.ere-Snl nation, striving to earn
money abd building up jhe country." He
¦wns then asked, "Have you over thought
of the proii; hardship that is Imposed up >n
tho poor young man or woman viho, by
God's frifx, is possessed of some great
talent and who is ambitious to perfect his
or her education ard is without means to
do so?" He paid. "No."
Iiotv di^tro^<=!ns -ind dlpcourarln^; nr>i«!:
bo the thoughts that pas? through th?
mind "f the American whra ne i)iini;<
and knows thut in Europe ovc-n '.he pior
children from whatever Ftation they cime
are In the fullest enjoyment of in«Tit\:t}o:n
maintained by the Govcrnmonl whir'*
give to them the inptrueticn that brin~s
th«>m to a his!i desroe of perfection and
sends them forth i:i the world as Krc:it
artist:--, while th<» American looks at all
th<> wealth and srent expenditure in and
eb<ut Government affairs an<i find? th:*.t
this miRliiy Governn.* nt cf freedom and
liberty has not even taken the initiatory
Btep for laylns the foundation stone upin
which shall be built a home for the culti
vation of the great art*.
It may ho interesting to lrr.ov.- that there
are as many as 23.03) American students
Scattered through the great citlrs of I2u
rop?. <=tudyir.?r nvj^it* in every braf.ch and
likewise palr.ting:, fetching and all the
flr.e sins akin thereto. One-Jialt of these
Etudenbs are either okir^,- out a precarious
exlstecot as fce^g^r students or ar?indulg
ing; in nil kincs of f=eli-3en::i!.-s iu order
that they may ccattmie their Ptufties unt-1
th<> time when they are ccm patent: to s°
forth and take up the battle fcr euprpm
acy; and it is pitiful to lirar the pathetic
Glories of f.irug%\? ami self-abneg-ation th-'
poor American Ft-adem un(ierjn*>s for the
cake of achieves pucc"?" In h!? chosen
art: that the money lie live? on can entire
ly be afforded by h'.s family, who are in
moderate cireurrstancep; or the student
Wbo has v.orkod and j-'aved his earnings,
or he who is tVlrg some menta! service in
order to maintain an existence. These
Etoriep force upon the listener a blush of
rtmme for our nation's nr%l**ct of the true
genius and manhood EUffcri&S want and
exile for the pake of art ar.d to make the
American ratne honored. These young
wen a:vj taroxaen who aie thu? conditioned
efe our oi.-n country pr-ople. Americans,
the children of American parent?.
I met an American iaiy. a wid^w. in
Belsrium with her little pon. a great
sreiiius. vho pjays the vio"r: to the aston
ishment cf all ihe masters and who prom
ises a great future. Fpenk'.r" 1 of her son's
career ih" latly eald: "I had to tlispi.-e
of my little borne and furniture in or.l°r
to come over here ar.d jrive my boy a ccm
plete education. J haO with h!— the best
teachers In America ami they Snail? told
me that it v.as useless iot rr.« to continue
et home; that they hart taught him all
that It was r>oF.<--ibi^ for thetn to teach,
end that the only thing I could c'.o wa*
to brine mv boy to Europe ant, pla"~ him
In some accredited conservatory under a
irreat master. Now. 1 ho ve: just pot raorer
enouph to remain here two ye-irs aiui a
half and if my fcoy doe? not finish In that
tin;e so that he can earn a livinsj we will
be paupers."
This ratfcetje story is one cT many,t">!tl
Viy the American parent? who r.cco:t:pany
their ehiidrcn to give thern the advantage*
that are possible abrnnd. Tlr> hardship
<3oe« not oecur to t!ie Kuropeans. because
thf-y afe right at hctne. and v/p often hear
It Bald here in America: "I?n't It ptrang^
that the foreigners ere c\\ p f jod mu.-i
cians?" \Vhy, there is no&bing strange
about It. Their advantages are p'ich that
with a little industry they become goo<l
musicians, and if they have gealus they
become masters, while in this country of
ours many a rer.ius la born anJ dies with
out ever bein^: heard of, and «:i tl.is be
cause the atmc; r j)l".cre here is not con
ducive to the development of his talents.
There i? also a business side s-t this
question, and a few figures will demon
strate that the profit would be t<» America.
We will minimize the cost of tho 29,009
American students abro.-<d. including in
struction and all other ine'donta;?. ta SI
I>er e'ay per s-uder.t. or JC?0.0:jO per
month, cr n.i'"3,003 per annum.. The
aver.ipe course fcr three years ex
tracts frcm Aiaerlca therefore J21.<jOO.*>o.
\»h:ie »Tf «:;>n bu'Id fo-jr n-.odprn inKtitu
tlr.ns fitted for such purposes ard main
tain them with a full CT:)* of high c'.ass
prcfrcBOn within )SOOJ009 ptr annum, g:v
ir^: to ear-h institinion twenty profess _>rss,
tenehiEK the d.fTerent branches of music.
The i!ea is to piace the coaiierratprle*
EeoWraphkaUy bo as to acet ;hc popula
tion. Cdgtuja, with a population of
6.OO0.O0J peo;»:e, maintains two BUCb insti
tutions, while 'he present BUsgentioa
means one conservatory to every »j,CO0,QW
people.
Congress thinks little of appropriating
$^.00<'.'»»0 'or a man-of-war, whose pui
pose? are to destroy, whereas by the ex
penditure of ?1 .f*CO.€0O an institution ca:i
be reared to build tip and perpetuate «
lassins bezit&ee for ihe SJiory of onr
nation.
The answer usually f.:t fcirth and held
up by fomf people as a.i excu.-e lor our
neg-lt-ct in this direction is that we are a
ycur.t; nation, and a nation of business
ard not cf art and rr.u.«;c it, neither log.
leal r.or trr.able; It ta not even sood bui
n«»s policy. .Is It business to allow 20,(/*J
of the youth of this country pnnVr itiifj,
pen'.us r.nd soul for art un(J music to leave
America and for years to dwell abroad, di
vorcing theiiFflvrs from our in.-tiiutions.
paying the foreign master for lessons and
6pe;:d:r:s whatever mon#y they may haw-
In ctranse lands away from !:cme and
«rionds, accepting voluntary baniEhmeut
Tor the sake of their art? -
UndM the present condition we actually
drive our sons and daughters to sick
kr,or.!edg». in alien lands, end when ihe
task i." liCeompMshcu. what happens? If
the student meets with success before he
returnr> to America, or before he dares to
present himself before a Europeaji
Audience he must adopt some foreign
name and kill the last vestige cf his
Americanism, because It Is well undtr
6tood that musicians do not come from
America: that all we produce ¦ novel in
nitric is the negro ragtime and coon
Bongs, but no {Treat composer or virtuoso
Is ever credited to America. It is only
within the last few years that an Amer
ican by the eheer force of genius was
received and given general recognition on
tilt jyi»££Pean stage. The most noted
AMERICAN STUDENTS AND
THEIR STRUGGLES ABROAD
THE NEED OF A NATIONAL CONSERVATORY
Olbserved toy Henry L Kowalsky.
WE SHOULD HAVE HOME
EDUCATION IN THE ARTS
Every one of these names Is covered
with honor and glory. To-day Ysaye is
the world's greatest violin virtuoso, play
ing ¦ with passion and technique not
equaled by any living artist, while Ceasar
Thomson is accepted as the highest au
thority In technique, which position he oc
cupies at the Royal Conservatory at Brus
sels, while Ovide Musin; combining the
two great faculties of virtuoso and tech
niclan, inspires his pupils with a knowl
edge of both, improving the sweetness of
tone and bringing the technique to a high
degree of perfection. It is a musical feast
to be present at the "concouring exer
cises" or public contest that takes place
at the Conservatory of Liege. Many read
ers win confess they have never heard
of the little city of Liege until they read
of it here, and yet it holds the place of
honor in the musical world for the great
work it has done.
Before entering the Liege Conservatory
pupils must have acquired a high stand
ard in music, and must pass an examina
tion before the Directory of the Conserva
tor}', and if accepted, they are ma
triculated and receive their instruction at
a cost of $40 r.*r annum in American
money. They get two lessons a week from
the best masters in Europe, and when
you hear a class at work you are already
listening to good musicians. I recall Mu
sin's dags, consisting of sixteen pupils,
eight of them Americans. Every member
of this class promises to become groat.
But there Is not a student in that class
who does not practice from six to ten
hours every day, and when they come to
"concour," which takes place once a
year before a jury of the most celebrated
musicians from all over Europe, each
pupil must present a. repertoire of at least,
eight to ten classics." which must be
played from memory. To give an idea of
the character of music that they are re
quired to play it will, be Interest^ng^o
note in the. list are the following: "
. Bach, J. S. — Chaconne en re mineur.
Bach, J. S.— Fugiie en sol rnlneur.
Corelli— La Folia (cadence de Leonard).
Benda— Caprice en si beniol majeur.
• Kreutzer — Etude. No. .13, la majeur.
Rode — Etude No. 6. si mineur. - ,
Paganini— Etudo No. 20, re majeur.
Vieuxtemps— Etude No. 3, re majeur.
Wieniawski — Etude No. 3. re majeur.
Dont — Etude in tierces en do majeur.
BIber— Sonate en ut mineur.
Porpora— Aria en ml mineur.
Vltali— Chaconne en sol mineur.
Fiorillo — Etude No. 2S. re majeur.
Gavinies— Etude No. 10. si bemol mineur.
The National Conservatory maintained
hy the Belgian Government is a magnifi
cent structure of art and beauty. It con
tains a theater, few surpassing it in
beauty In Europe or America, which for
thirty years has been under ti.e direction
of that famous musician and composer,
M. J. T. Radoux. In this Institution are
taught voice culture, 'cello, piano, violin
and solfage, harmony, composition, sight
reading, time and phrasing, all of which,
of course, is more or less included under
the title of solfage. Among the men who
went forth from this Institution who have
become famous artists on the violin and
whose names are a part of the history of
the musical world to-day are Vieuxtemps,
Leonard, Massart, Jocque Dupul, Heyn
berg, Wery (celebrated for his studies on
violin), Marsick. Ovide Musin, Caesar
Thomson, Renard, Parent, Debroux,
Guide. "Watson. Francois Trume, Eugene
Ysaye and John Gerardy.
language of the world and speaks so that
every ear can understand. It Is the one
'thing that carries the" mind nearer to
God. This being so, why should we not
have institutions equal to the great con
servatory at Liege, Belgium— Liege, the
home of Charlemagne, a city of about 150.
000 inhabitants, half of whom devote
themselves to industry, mainly (run mak
ing, and the other half devote their time
to music? The air Is fairly resonant with
music.
?The American ' students ... received first
prizes, and some with "distinction" and
"extra distinction," which was a most as
tonishing showing and quite took the
jury's breath away. You may. be assured
no favoritism was shown to these Ameri
can pupils. They had to wrest these
prizes away from their foreign competi
tors s through the Jury,. and by actual, well
Leclalr-Chaconne.
Paganlni— Etude No. 19, mi bemol ma
jeur. i-V
Locatelli — Sonate en sol mineur.
De Eerlot— Etude No. 1, si bemol ma
jeur.
Haendel— Adagio cantabile et allegro en
mi majeur.
Ries— Perpetuum mobile de la suite en
sol majeur.
Tartini — Variations serleuses sur une ga-'
votte de Corelli.
Campagnoli— Prelude en mi bemol ma
1eur.
Bach, J. S.— Adagio du 2e Concerto.
Bach, J. S.— Sicilienne et presto de la
Sonate No. 1 en sol mineur.
Bach, J. S.— Sonate No. 3 en la mineur.
Bach, J. S.— Grave, fugue, andante, al
legro.
Bachj J. S.— Fugue en sol mineur.
< Bach, J. S.— Presto en sol blneur.
And all other arrangements by Bach.
The class that "concoured" July 11 ami
,12 appeared before the following jury:
MM. Theodore Radoux, president: Eu
gene Ysaye, viollniste. a Bruxelles;
Leenders, directeur honoraire de l'Aca
demie de Musique de Tournal; J. Debroux,
viollniste, a Paris, et F. Renard-Cameuer,
vlolinlste, a'Huy; Secretaire, M. L. Van
denschilde. .
The King of Belgium remarked to an
American that many Americana lived in
Belgium and that fact pleased his .Ma
jesty much, for he caid:, "We hav«
learned to love you people and you flatter
ua by coming to live with us and partak
ing of our art instructing Institutions."
The gentleman to whom this remark was
addressed, in reply 5»aid: "Belgium has
two Kings; you. your Majesty, who re
mains at home and rules your ' people-,
while Ysaye, the king of the violin, tours
the world and by his matchless playing
conquers the hearts of the people every
where; and to the people, who a3k "Where
does he hail from? whence does ha
come?' are answered 'From the home" of
the violin. Belgium, whose masters In
music have made more conauests tnan
were ever made by the armies of Bel
gium from the time of Charlemagne " to
the prejsnt day.'" Then said the Kln<:
"Yes, we are happy to have the hearts nt
the world touched by the sentiment "and
genius born In our people. Our musician j
honor U3 and we honor them."
The student who deletes himself tojhe
severe and arduous labor in order to pro
duce melodious sounds that give us great
pleasure may bring irreat sacrifices;, but
we love and honor him. Success Is. most
difficult even at the btrst, and when, wa i
know the hardships that must be borne *
before that end is attained our nation can
well afford to do Its .part to helo the
ambitious student to obtain the thorough
education necessary to that end. We. shall
In sooth honor ourselves by honoring"^.©
noblest of all arts. Let the cornerstone aX
A™-!?*?*' 8 Templo of Art* t» laid.', if:. :
It has often been suggested that some
of our multl-mllllonalres might found such
an institution. This would not answer the
purpose. Such an institution must be
under the protection of the Government
and carry with It the Government's seal,
for that would give it verity, and the stu
dent coming from thin institution with
the seal of the Government on his dip
loma would be accepted wherever he
went. The Government would not be the
loser, because the people who pay the
taxes would, for themselves or their
neighbor, receive the benefits, and all the
vast amount of money spent abroad would
be spent at home, keeping the family tie
from being severed, hearts from being
broken ana American students from ap
pearing as mendlcant3 In foreign lands,
when they can always be ladies and gen
tlemen in high repute at home, honored
for their work by their countrymen in
their own country.
What is done for music should be dona
for painting. The entire American people
would come with applause tojthe Congress
that would vote an appropriation for rhe
establishment and maintenance of an In
stitution for home culture of artr. The
Serato.' or Representative who introduces
and successfully brings to a conclusion
such* a- measure '¦will live in the hearts of
the musical people of the American wcrld
until time grows old with age. We also
need more reverence for art, and those
tor,e-poet3 whose works outlast- fch^
sge?. This can coirse only when mualcai
education shall receive, government sanc
tion. Wherever you go throughout Europe
in the great cities you are confronted with
the statues of Mozart, Handel, Goethe".
Schiller. Mendelssohn, Peganini, and oth
ers too numerous to mention. Where do
you behold them In America? Echo an
swers, where? Every great city !n Europe
maintains a grand opera during the sea
son. America maintains one. for a few
months only, in the great metropolis of
New York, ard all the artists are foreign
ers. Only a short time ago one of the
managers of the great American Opera
Company, while looking for talent in
Europe, came In contact with an Amer
ican stnger, whose voice Is exceptionally
fine, and after hearing her he remarked
that her voice was very beautiful, but
she was an American and therefore
would not do for America, and yet this
manager expects Americans to patronize
him and pay him American money. It is
time that this sort of thing should be
stopped. "America for Americans" ought
to be the war cry, but America must
establish Institutions In America that can
cultivate and graduate musicians, vocal
and instrumental, to compose the great
opera companies of our country, which
shall be patronized because they axa
Americans, educated and cultivated in
America, at an American institution. It
rests with the people of this country
whether we shall continue falling: In
voice, refuse to build, foster and maintain
these temples of refinement, and continue
the slaves of Kurope — nay, worse, enemies
to I he welfare of our own children.
The location of the national conserva
tory of music should be placed according
to the population, so that It might be ac
cessible by all sections of the country In
proportion to numbers. A certain standard
should be demanded, so as to make It
trie high finishing institution for the per
fection of instrumental as well as vocal
music. A regency should be established,
non-political In character, for the produc
tion and promulgation of standard and
classical music. Of course, at first It
would necessitate the bringing here of
well known masters from Europe, but In
a few years the institution - would
graduate Its own teachers and Americana
would take pride in the American-born
nnd American-educated musician. In
place of Importing musicians, we could
export: we could send our talent abroad:
notning would give us a higher standard
for culture and refinement and remova
the notion that we are barbarous Indians
than our musical representatives, who
would be able to win the plaudits of the
musical world abroad.
Musln of the Liege Conservatory Is well
known In America. He taught In New
York, but his talents were well known at
the institution from which he was gradu
ated, and the Directory determined upon
having him returned- to hl3 Alma Hater,
and made It so Interesting that he accept
ed the flattering offer and took the first
professorship, which evidences the -fact
that if there be anything good, in our
country that Europe wants, they send and
get it, giving preference to .the product Qt
their own country first. Every American
who loves music and loves his country
ought to become an advocate of the estab
lishment of an American conservatory of
music under the Government patronage.
At Brussels an American boy, totally
blind, took the first prize with distinction
and high honors over twenty competitors.
Professor Caesar Thomson protested that
the distinction should not bo to this boy.
because it seemed unnatural that a blind
person should be able to hold successful
ly such a position, but the jury paid no
heed to the professor and the honor went
where it was due. It is worthy of note
that the American pupils average from fif
teen to twenty years of acre, while the
foreign pupil, or to be more correct, the
native pupil, averages from eighteen to
thirty.
deserved merit. The jury mljrht very nat
urally have preferred to see the distlno
tion and honor remain at" home. "What it
takes the European student five years to
accomplish the American accomplishes In
two and a half or three years. These
"coneours" are attended by the elite of
the community and by musicians who
come fromfar and near, and a finer en
tertainment 13 seldom found even at a
first eiass concert.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10classes wears a skirt reachinr to the fset.
which are usually bare. "When she does
wear guaraches, or even satin shoes, she
rarely has stockings. Even the pretty
girl with the dotted aklrt and the guitar
by her side has neither shoes nor stock
ings. She wears a short-sleeved camlsa
of white cotton, often handsomely em
•NuMaml at th« neck and arms; over it
which project horizontally, correspond to
similar teeth set on the circumference of
a wheel the axis of which is vertical;
connected with this axis are wooden
arms, to which a horse or burro Is at
tached. As the poor animal moves ronnd
and round the water Is drawn up and
emptied into a rude trough and conveyed
thftnee where it Is wanted.
Photographs on the Skin.
A scientific discovery is bound to be pic
turesque ard interesting and must attract
universal attention. A Roumanian chem
lpt named Dlnkeresco discovered a means
of combining., the substances which are
used in sensitizing paper for photographic
purposes so that they can be applied to
the human cuticle without Injuring It. and
the Fkin thus be made a sensitive plate
for the printing of photography. Dinker
esco'g remarkable discovery is a combina
tion of photography and the etching pro
cess, and that to some extent the image is
"bitten" into the cuticle.
At any rate, the impression is perma
nent, the image «» clear and distinct, and
the skin is not made a negative, but really
a sort of Fensitized paper. The Impres
eion does not wear away with the change
of the tissues and the renewal of the sur
face of the skin because the substances
or changes which have been produced by
the process of photography are renewed
according to the modification* produced
by the "biting" process. Just as those of
a tattooed outline are. And whatever the
mechanical means employed, the results
are remarkable. By this means every hu
man being becomes a sort of photograph
album. The likenesses of his friends, land
scape viewn associated with his childhood
or with elgnlnc&nt events in his life, por
traits of the great men and heroes whom
he admires and many other things msy
be reproduced beautifully and permanent
ly on his surface.
modern plow and a hustling salesman of
American agricultural machinery has a
hard time In Old Mexico. The well-known
traveler. Frederick A. Ober. tells an
amusing story of one of these "embas
eadors of commerce" who spent a year in
lifeless drudges they are for the most
part, with the stolidity of the Southern
Indian written on their faces. They look
as if their hand would rest on the plow
handle for all time to come and be satis
fled there. Once in a" while there is. a
flash of something more nearly Spanish
in these faces, but only once*1n a while.
They and the plow are part and parcel;
no enterprise, no ambition.
Hardly less primitive than the plow is
the ropewalk. A peon with a bulky bag
of fiber held round his body by a strap,
aided by the ministrations of a pictur
esque little girl, may be seen weaving a
lasso. The children are hardly more
than babies when they are put to work.
They are r.pt strong enough to help at the
plow, but they are useful at the rope walk
and the waterwheel. The Mexicans know
the meaning of work long before they
should know any word but play.
You call Mexico a lazy country, per
haps. You who make the guidebook
rounds of its villages in siesta hours. Re
member that in the early time, the cool
time, while you were still sleeping, these
people, big and little, .were up drawing
water and weaving lassos and . guiding
plows.
In so dry a land as much of Mexico is.
the question of water for domestic use
and for irrigation Is all-Important. The
water for household consumption in towns
is obtained from the public fountains,
which are in convenient plazas, and form
the favorite gossiping places ' for, the
women. When the women live near the
water supply they carry the Jars on their
heads,. but when the distance is too great
to permit of several trips to and fro half
a, . dozen earthenware . Jars are placed, on
each side of a burro, who has also to
carry his mistress. The girl tiding on the
burro wears guaraches, or leather san
dals, on her feet, and has her head and
the upper part of her body : covered . with
the rebozo— a long, narrow shawl usually
of a blue color, with narrow stripes. When
the rebozo is drawn up over: the head' it
covers tho arms and breast, which other
wise are exposed.
If you are an artist it is the prettiest
kind of a sight to Bee one of these girls
out in jthe brilliant 6unsblne. her color
one that defies the sun, herself as lazy as
the donkey, that carries her. Xou will
¦¦-¦*¦ " '" s ¦-¦iplii
catch the .slow grace, the warmth of color,
If yon ' are 'an : artist. • But If ; you are a
political f economist, a : : public \ enterpriser
or a water works company, then will your
point of view be different. Poverty of
brain, you will cry, poverty, of ambition.
and a people who ' aeserve tne miseries
that they willingly undergo.
To raise water for purposes of Irriga
tion-various primitive contrivances
used: A pair of .wooden wheels; Is often
set. up vertically, and Joined together at
the rims with. pieces of wood which" pro
|ect at one side like teeth, the circumfer
ences of the two wheels being about a
foot apart. On the transverse pieces of
"wood ; and ; between the rlms^ of the" two
wheels cans are fixed, which, when the'
wheel rotates, bring up the water, and as
they descend empty it into a trench or
ether, receptacle. The .wooden teeth.
clotn. isear by' stands a man who over
sees the work and in the tree hang the
eerapes or bright striped blankets of all
three. Similar methods of irrigation are
-often seen in Egypt and in other coun
tries where ancient customs and old-tiruo
methods are still in vogue.
Though there are to be seen In the cltic3
and towns of Mexico many handsome
stone and brick houses. . with marble
floors and fine decorations, the Mexican
peasant's 'home is almost always an
adobe hut. The large bricks are made of
clay, roughly pressed into wooden molds
and dried In the sun. When well made
the adobe house is by no means without
merit, being cool in hot weather an-.i
warm In cold.
This fact is the argument for It In our
own southern cities, where It is occasion
ally being used nowadays for handsomer
residences. People who build with It
claim that the Mexicans and early Call
fornlans knew their own climate. But it
is a far different' thing to use the adobe
in; connection with perfectly finished
walls, hardwood floors, heavy doors and
secure windows from what it is to use
It as primitive Mexico does. The ground
for a floor, openings for- windows and
doors, rickety furniture if there be any
furniture at all— these are the homes of
the people.
It is an easy thing to build these houses
and that means a great deal in a climate
of many blistering days.
Owing to the large alse of the adobe
the labor of bulldlng'a house is consider
ably less than when smaller bricks are
used. '..-...
_!The -Mexlcaa jwomaa ct_ tea low?er:
I
fine regimental bands or the Mexican
army. A crowd quickly gathers when
there is any music to be heard and stays
until the last note haa been played.
Asd it will be there to listen to the
last trump.
used a thousand years. It's just a noiy
terror! Here I am with a stock of ma
chinery that would set up a first-class
establishment in the States, that is Just
rusting to pieces, and those are only
waiting till I'm tired out. when they ex
pect to get It all for nothing."
Women as well as men work at the
plow. It is common enough to see one of (
them grasping the wooden handle. DulL 1
«rtir.ple«t ranr.rr.t? DOOkinx a frugal meal
ever a little charcoal in an earthen pan.
It If as his forefathers did centuries ago.
In she field* the Mexican fiphts very shy
of r.ew-fangied methed? of tlll?ge. pre
ferring to keep his antique plow. with,
ore hcndl" and a sir.gle point shod with
with any bit cf oM metal that romes into
his possession. He cannot be Induced to
acknowledge the greater efficiency of the
! The attitude of the horse at the wh«el
is very little different from that of the
man at the plow. The present— the "what
is"— is bad enough and good enough and
It isn't worth while to look further.
I Another of the photographs shows a
similar double wheel with horizontal
axl3 and cans fixed on its circumference:
but in this case the motive power Is fur
* nlshed by two boys, who wear nothing
but drawers of rnanta or coarse cotton
Is worn a plain cover of the same mate
rial. Bound her neck and shoulders Is the
rebozo, which she pulls over her head
when walking.
Even the humblest Mexican* are In
tensely fond of music and are able to
gratify their taste by listening to th«
singing and Instrumental music In the
great churches and cathedrals or to the
concerts given on certain evenings of tha
week In the plaza by one or other of tha
IT is a queer pi-ice. O'i(\ Mexico. It
feerr.s that it will never prow
up !r. reality. As time goes
en it adds an arc light here
and there, a te'eph'-ne. a railroad — the
long BOWES of maturity— but it cever
quite puts away childish things. It clings
ro it? prisefUve rOnw. its eld water-wheel,
znuch a? isotre ycjeg laCy clings through
the year; i<'. her doll.
This !? what Old Mexico la to-<lay
"Within h'-arinR of the *cr«?ccli of a loc-)
tnoiive v«'U ittf y uce a. peon clad in th*-
the ar.eient land trying to umoaa upon
the simple inhabitants a large stock (or
what he probably termed a "full line")
of American machinery. Finding all his
efforts fruitless, he said: "Speaking of
plows, what do you suppose these Mexi
car.s do with* one of our Yankee plows
?vh-n they c<*t It? Why. the first thing
they do Is to saw off one handle and make
it as near as possible like their old wood
en ones; then they do everything they
can think of to break it, and fall back
en tb* ».»*-"d->n Institution which they've
Mi W 1 « 1 ¦
stifl'most "
pprrpIttV^ arid
MERICANS LIVE AS THEIR FOREFATHERS DID CENTURIES AGO
Joking Pictures of Sound.
. Very much has been done In the way
of obtaining photographic records of
sound, but perhaps the most Important
memclr on the practical ride of this ques
tion is an article by Benjamin F. Sharp**.
When an unmixed tone is received In a
Helmholtz resonator. In the wall of which
Is inserted a very thin glass plate, the
natural pitch of which Is not too different
from the tone, the plate vibrates to the
tone with an amplitude having an ulti
mate relation to the energy of the tone.
Measurement of this amplitude become
easy it the vibrating plate Is made to bear
a tiny mirror, which mirror forms ono
element of a system of mirrors constitut
ing a Michelson's refractometer.
So delicate^ls this means of indication
that a shifting of the mirror half a wave
length of light will cause such a shifting
to ono side of the Interference bonds that
each , dark band will taka the position
previously occupied by the next dark
band. With a telescope and micrometer
each band may with proper adjustment
be subdivided Into 100 parts, giving a
means of recording a shift equal to as
little as one two-hundredth of a wave
length. It need scarcely be said that th.»
rapid shifts thus produced by a tone- can
only bo observed by some such device
as compounding the motion with another
at right angles, when comparison with a
tuning fork and the making of photo
graphic records ~ becomes possible, but
for details, and for some two dozen
of the records thus obtained, wo must
refer our readers to Nature. The records
show fork tones, tones of musical lnatru
ments.nolses ana yocai sound**^ —
THE SUNDAY OAL.L.. -
11Little. Brown & Co... the publishers of
Francis Parkman's histories, announce a
"Life of Parkman," by Charles Haight
Farnham, for publication In the early
fall. The work has been • written with
Literary Notes.
The little folk* will find a great friend
In "Mr. Bunny, His Book." It is a very
attractive volume of original verse and
drawings on 'the order of Mother Goose,
and printed In three colors.' Every page,
contains a little Jingle and comic picture
of its own, with plenty of Bunnies scat
tered marginally throughout. The rhymes
are catchy, the colors bright, and the odd
fanciful drawings quite clever. It should
prove very popular as a children's book
for the coming holiday season. (Published
by the Saalfield Publishing Company,
Akron, Ohio. ¦ Price. 91 23.)
Mr. Bunny— His Book;.
poems naturally will not appeal so strong
ly ns to those better acquainted with the
quaint life of the Elaine logging camps,
farm and seashore. The book possesses
artistic merit, and judging from the re
views in Eastern papers It has evidently
made a signal success among the people
for whom the author wrote. Six half-tone
illustrations are given of characteristic
faces and scenes, which add greatly to
the. life of the text. The Hon. C. E. Lit
tlefield has written an introduction to the
poems. (Published by Small, Maynard &
Co., Boston. Price $1.)
Of all the works for* youthful readers
published this' season, It seems that tho
palm should go to ¦ Dr. Manlen's recent
book, "Winning Out." If any better has
been printed we should be glad to hear of
It that we may give it the same hearty
recommendation. Dr. Orison Swett Mar
den is theedltor of . a very successful
magazine, "Success, 1 ! and for years he
has been writing good, solid, helpful mat
ter. His present work Is a volume of an
ecdotes devoted, as the .name "winning
out" Implies,'; to the lives of people who
from small beginnings- have by hard work
attained great ends. :.. Dr. 'Marden ,• has
worked in compiling this matter with two
points, in mind, character building. , and
habit forming. He has • . shown ,' that by
perseverance and. Integrity and actual
hard work, rather \ tHan -by,- flashes ' of
genius or talent, the great men of this
country have achieved their fame. He has
not written over the heads of his readers,
Winning Out.
The particular crime of which he Is ac
cused at present is a little cloth-covered
book entitled "Georgie," by S. E. Kiser of
Chicago. (Published by Small, Maynard
& Co.. Boston. Price $1.)
All this is rather essaylsh for a book
review, but the book itself is not worth
mention except to point the moral.-; It
would not be noticed here except for the
fact that the man who wrote It can do
better things and has done them.
. Our poor English language Is almost
suffocated in a slough of impurities. It 13
hard enough to keep our diction, as our
morals, pure. You cannot touch pitch noi
can you read bad grammar without show
ing it, and correct language is a mark
upon a. person which they can ill afford to
have obliterated.
see prizefights. That does not excuse.
Other people like bad cigars and bad com
pany; those who pander to such taste*
are not to be felicitated, . still less en
couraged.
pure and unselfish, until It counts as noth
ing any sacrifice it can make for its be
loved object, even to. the effacement of it
self. Captain Itibot is in command of a
steamer plying between Barcelona and
Hamburg. Once, when on land, he is In
strumental in saving the life of a stranger
(Dona Amparo), who is traveling with
her daughter, Dona Christina.
Uona Christina is a beautiful girl and
Captain Ribot falls in love with her before
he learns that she is married .to a civil
engineer named Marti. After Ribofs nex"t
voyage he, goes on a visit to his new ac
quaintances. Ho becomes the Intimate
friend of Marti, who does not suspect the
existence of the love 'which Ribot feeU
for hla ¦ wife. Dona Christina Is, a
charming, person, beautiful, clever and
good and a most loyal wife to a devoted
husband. Well aware of the sentlmcnt3
of the captain, she treats him in such a
way that, while not ceasing to feel the
fascination which she. exercises over him
in common with all who know her well,
she reveals to him such nobility of char
acter that all that Is unworthy in Ribot' s
love' dies and is replaced by a disinterest
ed friendship not altogether different from
the devotion and regard he has learned to
*feel for /Marti. The reward, Ribot reaps
for the growing unselfishness of his love
is, along with increasing loftiness of pur
. pose and depth of j character,' the Joy
which comes from the possession of a con
science unstained by offense.
Analyses of Pig Iron.
People interested In' mechanical engi
neering, and particularly foundrymen
who wish; to secure casting's as 'nearly
- perfect as . possible, will find much of in
struction in a book recently published by
Seymour R. Church of San Francisco on
"Analysis of Pig Iron." : This Is the first
publication of the kind ever issued, and
giving space, as it does, to the work done
by makers and meltera of Iron in every
country in trie world, It should prove "a
Besieged by trje Boers.
When E. Oliver Ashe, M. D., surgeon to
the Kimbcrley Hotpital, wrote his diary
of life and events in Kimbcrley during the
siege, it was far from his mind that his
chrowiclinsrs should appear in print. His
daily notes were taken merely with the
Idea of sending them to his mother. If the
opportunity should offer and his life was
not cut short by some flying Boer shell.
It is well that Dr. Ashe has consented to
have these notes published, for otherwise
the world would have lost a most valua
ble addition to the history of this war.
His position as surgeon of the hospital
gave the doctor an excellent opportunity
of being In the center of all the trouble,
and the fact that he was not writing
with a view to subsequent publication,
but merely a? an eyewitness and partici
pant recording events for the information
<:f his family, kept his pen from straying
tn make space and confined it to an Inter
esting and reliable etatcment of fact
alone.
Dr. Ashe has written an Introduction
for his diary in which he explains the
importance of ICImberley and why the
Boers were so anxious to capture It. For
one thing, the old friend of the Boers,
Cecil Rhodes, was in the town, and that
alone probably Increased their anxiety,
but aside from their desire to (settle up
old scores with Rhodes. Klmberley itself
was a prize worth a struggle. In speak
ing of its vaJue to either side, Dr. Ashe
says:
"Kimberloy Is the second largest town
in Cape Colony, and is the largest dia
mond mining center in the world. It came
into existence in 1870. with the discovery
of diamonds, and. including Its suburbs
of Kenilworth, Bcaconsfleld and Wessel
ton. has now a population of about 40,0*30,
of which 23.000 are white. The three prin
cipal mines— Kim berley, De Beers and
Wesselton— are worked by the De Beers
Consolidated Mines Company, Ltd. ' This
immense company, of which Mr. Khodes
is the chairman, has a capital of nearly
four millions; pays well over a million a
year in wages, and turns out £10,000 worth
of rough diamonds every working day.
All Kimberley makes Its living directly or
Indirectly from the company, and for all
practical purposes Klmberley and the
company are one."
In his professional capacity the author's
description of the effect of. 'the- Mauser
rifles vsed by the Dutch cannot fail to
interest. He says:
"We doctors h-ad all of us seen, a few
bullet wounds wjth revolvers and such
like, but- had no experience of the modern
rifle buHet, and It was a revelation to us.
The bullet, especially of the -Mauser ri
fle, which the Putch use. is so small and
travels with such velocity that it drills
clean through everything, and unless.lt
strikes a vital part or hits a bone or pig
artery, the injury It Inflicts Is ridiculous.
The officer shot through the chest left
the hospital on the eighth day, and re
turned to duty, on the ninth, though this
consisted of at Least twelve miles' riding
every day. Wounds through the fleshy
parts heal In a couple of days and give
no trouble after a week. But a Mauser
February 13, and'durlng tne whole of this
time the Boers have never once attacked
-the town or even been within rifle shot of
It. Through their friends in town they
must have known, almost to a man, the
strength of our defense forces, and yet
they -contented themselves with shelling
us from a distance. It Is funny to sea in
the Dutch papers how every general Is al
luded to as 'Fighting' General Snyman.
or De la Key, or whatever his name may
• be. We wonder whether there are other
classes of generals— praying generals or
perhaprf even funking generals. ;
-"I spoke of our defense forces just now:
it will interest, you to. know, who and
what they were. *
MOUNTED MEN.
Kimberley Light Horse....... .'. 823
Capo police, about '..:.. .300
Diamond Fields Horse, e.bout.. 150
"This makes a total of 7S5, but what
with sickness, guards on barriers, cattlo
guards, etc., we could' never -turn out
more than 550 for any offensive measures
against the Boers, and as they were all
'mounted infantry they were really not .of
much use.
:- >.'*Kext came the, artillery:
- ; Diamond Fields Artillery r 118
'Itojal Artillery S5
" Total ......V..V ...213
¦ Town Guard- : .. 2794
Lancashire*, roughly 500
.Kimberley Iilfles ...380
Total................. 307*
"Out of . the total number of available
defenders (4672) only about '600 were reg
ulars, or 900, including tho'police, and we
feel proud to think that our -own- men
have done so much toward the defense
of our town. . "
firing again. Ike Anderson, with a black
film now coming upon his eyes, raised his
revolver and fired ore*. twlc<j, three t : mes,
four times, five timts. tapping the space
in front of him regularly and carefully
with his tire. Then lie sank back wearily
into the Sheriff's ivrms.
"All ripht, mammy!" remarked Ika
Anderson somewhat Irrelevantly.
Ike Anderson passed by the front of the
Cottage Hotel. A negro boy. who worked
about the place, was idly at the
porch door, shuffling lazily about at his
employment. Ike paused and looked ami
ably at him for some moments.
"Good morning, colored scion," he said
pleasantly.
"Mawrin*. boss," paid the negro, grin
ning widely.
"Colored scion." said Ik*», "hereafter —
to oblige rne — would you mind whoonin' it
up with yore broom a lectle.faster?"
The negro scowled and muttered, and
the next moment sprang sprawling for
ward with p. scream. Ike had shot off
the heel of his shoe, in the proimn, not
cparing all of the foot. The negro went
ashy nalc. ar.d believed himself mortally
hurt, but vac restored by the icy tones of
his visitor, who said, evenly and calmly:
"Colored scion, please go over Into that:
far comer and begin to sweep there, and
then come on over the rest of the Mo'.
Now. sweep!"
The neirro *=wept as be had never swept
before. Twice a bullet cut the floor at his
fwt rr.d at last the stick of the broom
was shattered in, his hand. "Colored
felon." said Ike Andeibon, as though In
purprise. "yore broom is damaged.- Kneel
down and pray for another." The negro
knelt nr.d purely prayed.
On all Fides swept the wide and empty
rtreetn. It was Ike Anderson's town. A
red film seemed to bis caze to come over
The blue flame burned a trifle higher
In Ike Anderson's brain. He was grow
ing very much Intoxicated, and therefore
very Qttlct arid very sober looking. He
did not yell and flourish his revolvers,
but walked along decently, engaged in
thought. He was a sandy complexloned
man, not ov<t 5 feet 6 inches in height.
Ki» lon« front teeth projected very much,
pivinjr him a strange look. His chin was
rot heavy and square, but pointed, and
his Jaws were narrow. His eye was said
by some lo have been hazel when he was
sober, though ethers said it was blue or
pray. No one had ever looked into It
carefully enough to tell its color when
Ike Anderson was drunk, and he was to
day.
"Thank you." he said softly, and shot
the glass of straws off tne counter.
"Thank you. Not after m* 1 ." The whisky
ran out over the floor, out of the door,
over the path and into the road, but no
ore raised a voice in rebuke.
Ike And* rson stepped into a saloon and
took a straw from a Rlass standing on the
l.ar. exercising .-in exact and critical taste
in its selection. "I'm very thirsty." he
remarked plaintively. Saying which he
fh'it • hole in a barrel of whi«ky, inserted
the straw and drank llnjjerinjrly.
"I like it." said he pimply and passed
r>n. The HtXtUBWtT followea, about to use
violence, but caught sight of a whiie
f»oed man. who through a window vehe
mently beckoned him to pause.
"No. it isn't."' he thought. "It's Ike An
dersoa with the people chasing him. And
the i-luitgur.. Jke's growing up faster;
Plowing rjpht alciig. They all want him.
but they don't get him. One. two. three,
live, nine, eipht. >«-ven— 1 could count thrrn
all once. Ike Anderson. No mother. No
swe thcart. No home. Moving, moving,
liui they nev>T scared him yet— Ike An
clorsun. • • • I r.ever took any cattle'"'
An impulse to walk seized him and he
did so, yuictly. steadily, until he met a
urangtr, a man whose clothing bespoke
his residence in another region.
"Oood-tnoriiing, gentle s:r." said Ike.
"Oood-morning, triend," said the other,
smiling.
"Gentle sir," said Ike. "just lemme look
at your watch a minute, won't you,
please r*
Uaughingly the stranger complied, eus-
T-rcting only that his odd accoster might
have tarried too long over his cups. Ike
took the watch in his hand. looked at it
frrav«ly for a moment, then pave it a
jerk that broke the chain and dropped it
ir.tn nil own pocket.
"No. it Isn't." lie thovpht. "It> Ike An
dorsrn, crowing up. lie's playing tag.
The boy tripped him and laughed at him,
:t:nl Ike Anderson pot out his knife."
He cast a red eye about him.
"This," paid Iho Anderson to himself all
th«- t.me. "this :s lit'Je Ike Andtrson. a
little boy playir.g. 1 tan set- the green
fieMs, tho pleasant meadows, the i:ttle
brook that crot&ed them. 1 remember ray
laolhef pitvc- me br< ad and rnlik for sup
i er niways. My sifter washed my bare
f<-et when I •was a little, little boy." Hii
jauseci ar.d leaned ore hand against a
j.orrli post, thinking. "A UlUv, little
boy." lie repeated to himself.
Ike Anderson was drunk — calmly, mag
niflcemly, satisfactorily drur.k. it had ta-
V.en time, but it was a fact accomplished.
The actual Bt&t£ of affairs was best known
to Ike Anderson himself, and not obvious
t<» the passer by. Ike Andersan's paze
might have been hard, but it was direct.
His walk was perfectly decorous a.r:d
straight, h^s brain perfectly ciear, his
hand perfectly steady. Only, somewhere
deep down in his mind there burned sjme
little KiHl lilue flame of devilishness,
(vhlcfa left Ike Anderson not a human be
lr.p. but a skillful, logical and murderous
ai.lrr.al.
There are many a.lir.irable things about
the book— descriptions of stirring scenes
typical of the life of the pioneer thirty
years ago. These separate scenes, inter
esting though they are and admirably
written, may be held oy some to detract
from the thread of the main story. Still
it must be said that they ad'l much in s!v
ing the tale the local coloring of time and
place. the only matter for regret
beirg that characters are ; Intro
duced to till in some little pen
tkotch, never to be mentioned again.
Take, for example. the following
extract which is rraP.y as clever a bit of
:rs kind as it has been our pleasure to
read for many a day. It is complete ia
itself and has nothir.s; whatever to do
with the story except as an illustration
of the people and the piace. The Sherirl
piays a minor part throughout the book
and Ike Anderson appears in this chapter
lor the rirst and last :lme.:
After Franklin arrives in the 'West there
np(M-ar In soareh of a homo thr ft e South
erners, a Mr. Uuford. his wife and ni<?ce.
Mary Ellen Deauchamp. Ruined by the
war. they are seeking :: p!a.ce where they
can »rain ii livelihood. They settle near
'he town where Franklin is living, and
upen the Half-Way H<just\ it public place
of rr.terta'nmeru for cowboys. Franklin
<i!scovors In Miss Eeauchamp the girl he
saw on the baltl"-ri? Id in the South. lie
falls in love with her. but wins no favor
in the sight of a unman who cannot for
get t):st it was the Xorlherners whn kilicl
her lover and who flrove her from a land
of luxury to a roadside tavern In the
jiliiin?. Frar.klin is constant and finally
wins from Miss Bca:x-hamr> that which
he has learned to priz-j above his wealth
and his ambitions.
Afu-r the war he returns to his home in
on»> of tho K;is;ern States. He studies law
for a while, nr.d thrn grces west to Join
a man he had known in the army— a Col
onel Uauersltigh, a most delightful lrish
xnan. who hari served mi many campaigns
5n <IinVr<-r:t «-.»un:riop «iid is now cultivat
ing a quarter section of land a:;d living
In a hut. Franklin vurin hard to build
up the new country. He is far sighted,
ns well r.s industrious, ;tn<i foreseeing the
future of tho Weft, invests larpely In
lard. Hi? ir:Vfstrr.enis ;irovc very success
ful and at last he feels free to devote him
self to what 'Tursui's he will.
The story opens at the time of the Civil
War. The hero. -Edward Frar.klin. is a
captain in the conquering army that en
tered one of the Southern cities after a
desperate battle In whi< h the Southerners
(ought before their homatr Franklin sees
on the battle-field a your.p woman who is
s^ekirK her dea<1 lov.^r. He catcher but
a £::n:r?e of her. however, before he gtfes
away.
HPOOK very charming in many
v.ayp 's a recent issue of Apple
" Uton't "The Girl at the Half- Way
Hnusp." It is a story of the cany
Wcs^—of the mighty land conquer
ed from Indian and buffalo. and
of the men who won it, There
ha\» been written many stories of this
w«.-s=t until one has c-jrr:e to lwliove that
the possibilities of tha pioneor and tilt
cowboy in literature i'ave been exhaust
ed; yet this new book tclis an old story in
a new way. and in such an inu renting
way that the reader reels that much !»
the subject has oFcaj.eu other men who
hare written of it.
"\\\ nave been shut up for one hundred
and twenty-four days, from October 14 to
"And so our siege is over, and though
we have had nothing like so bad a time
as MafekfniEr aim Ladysmith. if all w<?
hear about them is true, still it V» - as quite
bad enough. We all feel just what a
friend said to me to-night: 'If ever. I am
in a .country where they begin to" talk
about war ngain. I shail take the first
boat to tfie fa:- side of the world and stop
when ' get tlirre.'
bullet will drive clean through anything.
One poor chap in another engagement was
shot in the ribs of the right side, far
lack, nnd the bullet traveled right
through him in a slanting direction and
came out at the outer side of. the left
thigh about the middle, cutting the spine
1 right across on its way and completely
paralyzing him. He only lived a few
hours. Another bullet in this Droniield
light, of which 1 have been speaking, hit
the ammunition box of the Maxim gun.
The ammunition is carried in a stout ran
vas belt.^like. the leather bandolier. The
box is strong and tho cartridges are solid
brass mot cardboard), and yet the bullet
drove through the hox and through no
lers than ten cartridges with the inter
vening twenty thicknesses of canvas, and
none of the cartridges exploded."
. In hi3 conclusion Dr. A she pays high
tribute to Colonel Krkewirh and Cecil
Rhodes, and judging the Boors by their
efforts to take Kiniberley he does not
seem to hold their military prowess in
very high regard.
The 1< ft arm of the Sheriff droned. The
whole body of Jke Anderson. . .«hot low
through tho trin-k. as was the Sheriff's
invariable runcm. rr.eltr<l down and sar.k
into a sitting po?"ire. 'onnirg against
the cd-rc of ih<- sump. The Sheriff With
a leap sprang behind the fallen man, not
The nTves of some men act more
oukkjy than those of others, andsuc'i
m<°n make the most dangerous p'.stol
shots when they have good digestion and
toss practice at the rapid drawing of the
re\ - o'vcr, nn art at that time much culti
vated. Ike Andersr>n"s mind and nerves
and muscles were always lightning-lik^
in the instantaneous rapidity of their ac
tion. The eye could scarce have fol
lowed the movement by which th<» re
volver leaped to a levo.1 from his right
hand scabbard. He had forgotten, in h's
moment of study. « that with this s'x
shnotiT he had fired once at the whisky
l;arre!, once at the glass of strawr.. once
at tho n« prro's beel. twice at the floor ai<l
once at the broomstick. The click on tho
empty shell was heard clear!;.- at thf hotel
bar. distinct?? ahead cf the double re
port that followed. For. such was the
sharpness of this man's menta.1 and musr
cular action, he had dropped the empty
revolver fr^ni his ripht hard and had
<-rav.n the otb^r with his Wt hand in time
to meet the firo of the Sheriff.
The Sheriff stood quietly facing- him,
with his thumbs resting lightly in his
belt. Ho had not drawn his own revolver.
He was chewing a splinter. "Ike." said
ho. "throw up your hands!"
tho face of things. He slipped his re
volver back into the scabbard and paused
again to think. A quid footstep Bounded
on the walk behind 1ihn. and he wheeled.
¦till puzsled with the red film and the
mental problem.
Unlike the ordinary French novel, where
such a theme Rives an' excuse for the de
scription of the most objectionable fea
tures of a depraved society, this book has
for its leading character a man whose
love in growing more mature grows more
An English translation of a most charm
ing novel of Spanish life has been issued
by Brentano, Xcw York. Not only is tho
story in itself an interesting one, but it
is told with such a fine grace, in a style
at once so finished and yet so unaffected,
that it is difficult to decide which is the
better, the tal« or "its recital. It is one
of the leading- Spanish novelists. Armando
Palacio Values, who has written the book,
"The Joy of Captain Ribot." The scene
of the romance is laid in Vf lenria for the
most part, and the main incident is the
love of a sea captain for the wife of an
cther man.
The Joy of Captain Ribot
The half-tone reproductions are remark
p.ble alike for their excellence as photo
graphs and their historical significance—
some of them are shown on this page.
(Published by Doubleday, Page & Co.,
New York. Price, 51 23.)
"But the two men of whom we are most
proud are Colonel Kekewich and Mr.
Rhodes— of the Colonel for the even
handed Justice with which he has admin
istered everything 1 for the benefit of rich
and. poor alike, and of Mr. Rhodes for
the, magnificent way In which he has
acted as a guardian angel to us all. '
A man who prints a book full of bad
grammar, bad spelling and generally un
cholce language Is guilty of assault and
battery.
Georgie.
The book contains a large number of
halftone reproductions of photographs of
f urnacesand plants where iron is manufac
tured, and also halftone cuts representing
the fracture of different brands and grades
of pig iron which will be Interesting. In
addition are given indices cf names of
companies. United States of America;
brands. United States of America; names
of companies, England; brands, England;
•mines of companies, Scotland; names of
companies. Wales; brands, ' Scotland;
brands, "Wales, and other countries as fol
lows: Belgium, Canada. China. Denmark,
France. Germany. Japan. Mexico. Portu
gal, Russia, Spain, Sweden and Switzer
land. (Price, $2 50.)
valuable source of Information to all en
gaged in this Industry. Mr. Church says
that possibly some o." the analyses printed
do not seem ' correct, but further states
that in nearly every. Instance they were
received either from the furnaces direct
or from furnace agents, and. moreover,
that copies of tho same have been kept
by him and are open for Inspection. The
author proposes to publish asecond vol
ume on the same subject, In 1901, of
entirely new matter in. which he hopes to
give information from different makers
of pig- iron who will have seen the present
work and will realize its importance.
That some may like to read such mis
prints Is no cxcufc for issuing them.
There are people who commit crimes and
charming stories of Yankee life, told in
verse, in his latest work, "Up In Maine."
To the people of the West not familiar
with the customs "way down East" the
us some very
Up in Alaine.
Holman F. Day gives
which Is so often the case with authors
who are writing; ostensibly for young peo
ple and yet crave. the approbation and
fear the disapproval of the mature mind.
His style is simple, his vocabulary good,
strong Anglo-Saxon and his anecdotes
platnand Straight. to the point. -Excellent
reading for anybody, but especially for
youth filled with ambition and anxious to
emulate good rather than •¦ bad if only
given the proper example.
If you have sons or daughters between
the years of 12 and IS, get a copy and let
them read it. The stories are live and
interesting and will hold their attention
merely as pure narrative, while the moral
advice between the lines will be uncon
sciously Imbibed but lasting In its good
effect. You may find some polnt3 in the
book for yourself that will possibly not
come amlsa. (Published by the Lothrop
Publishing Company, Boston. Price Jl.)
Laus Veneris.
The lovers of Algernon Charles Swin
burne will welcome the edition of his
poem, "Laus Veneria," from the press of
Thomas B. Mosher of Portland. Me. All
of Mr. Mosher's publications are a credit
to the bookmaking art of the present day.
This little volume of Swinburne's poems
Is no exception. It is typographically per
fect and neatly artistic— good paper, clear
printing and appropriate cover. (For sale
by Elder & Shepard, San Francisco; In
paper 25 cents.) .
CLARE DUVAL-By Clement Wllkes. t
G. W. t» lUngham Company, Xew York, j
Prico II 50. . . . .
WHOM THE WINDS CARRY-By
Cora Sewell. G. W. Dlllingham Company
K VaZ££z, Prlce> In P a P er - 50 <=enta.
FATHER ANTHONY-By Robert Bu
chanan. G. W. Dilllngham Company
New York. Price Jl 50.
Those who have read "A Dream of a
Throne," published by Little. Brown &
Co.. and enjoyed Its vivid pictures
of the scenery and people around Lako
Chapala. may be interested in the follow
ing sketch by F. R. Guernsey. Mr. Guern
sey Is editor of the Mexican Herald, and
also the Mexican correspondent of - tha
Boston Herald:
"I have just been reading 'A Dream of
a Throne." by Charles Fleming Embree. a
most attractive personality, of whom the
literary monthlies in the I'nited State*
have had nothing to ray. Here is a warm,
romantic, most engaging young spirit, a
man of hardly 27 years, born in Indiana
nnd resident here for a r>w years past.
He has done other wcrk in fiction, but thl.»
stirring. Dumas-like tale cf the lake coun
try of Western Mexico Is his best. There*
is something about Embree which Is spon
taneously graceful; he suggests, tr. man
ner and habits, the beloved Stevenson.
"Mr. Embree had a brief course of prac
tical journalism in Chicago; but hi3 bent
was romantic fiction, and. marrying sud
denly, and in a wholly idyllic manner, ha
came with his young wife to Mexico, and
has lived many months on the shores of
Lake Chapala, renting a white stone cot
tage on the river road under the shadow
of Mt. San Miguel, and passing weeks on
the lake beach, or else making expeditions
in a big thatch roofed canoa- to every part
of the great lake, getting acquainted with
the Indian people, the fishers and ranch
ers, and the professional navigators of an
inland sea. which sometimes storms and
rages, as I have'seen it. Tremendously
romantic, this living on a Chapalar. canoa
with white-garmented sallor3, touching at
little villages embowered In mango and
orange. groves, meanwhile the guitar a
strumming and Spanish petenerast and se
guidlllas rising on the lake wind. Then
from Chapala a flitting to Guanajuato,
most romantically built of all Mexican
cities, and a Bohemian housekeeping In a
little house up on a high perched street,
the author filling himself with local color
for some forthcoming book. And from
Guanajuato the Embrees betook them
selves to Cuernavaca, wnere the ghost
of Herman Cortez lingers, haunting his
great castle like palace. I forget the naraa
of the street where the young author lives
now, but he heads his notes. 'Street of tha
House of the Hungry Wolf.' "
!
Books Received.
YOU AND YOUR. DOCTOR— By "Wil
liam B. Doherty, M. D. Laird & Lee
Chicago. Price SI.
McClure. Phillips & Co. w!H publish,
during the month of September, twelve
books, of which nin» are fiction. A book on
China by "William Barclay Parsons, deal
ing with the commercial development of
the country: the authorized translation
of Leroy Beaulieu's "F.enovatlon de
L'Asie," the most talked about bortk In
continental Eurrpe at the presenf time;
"The Fugitives," by Morley Roberts; a
story of love and adventure In the South
African war. in which many of the most
thrilling Incidents cf the war are util
ized; "The Circular Study." by Anna
Kathnrine Green, a mystery story nf New-
York City: "An ESglfl Flight." by Dr. Jose
Rizal. which hr.s been cnl!?d the Vffnele
Tom's Cabin" of the Philippines; "Tha
Archbishep rnd the I.ndy." by Mr*.
Schuyler Crowr.irsshic hi. a novel of modern
•tocfety. whose scene Is raid in France:
"April's Sowing." by Gertrude Hall, a
light comedy and love story; "The Dar
lington," by Elmore Elliott Peakc. a
novel of American life in the middle west:
"The Soul of the Street." by Xorman
Duncan, tales of the Syrian and Turkish
quarters. New York City; "American
Fights and Fighters." by Cyrus T. Brady,
a collection cf stories based on the enrlv
colonial sea fights of our country; "Yan
kee Enchantments." by Charles Battell
Loomis. a volume of New England fairy
tales, illustrated with 40 pictures by F.
T. Corv; "The Jumping Kangaroo and
the Apple Butter Cat," by John W. Har
rington, a book of animal stories for chil
dren, with 4S Illustrations by J. W. Conde.
Charles Battell Lonmls. whose "Tankeo
Knchantments" made such a hit In tho
New York Sun that they are shortly to
be Issued in book form by McClure. Phill
ips & Co.. tells an amusing story connect
ed with h's schcol life.
According to Mr. Loomis. although w«
rather doubt It. he was not a pood schol
ar and his reports did not fill his par
ents with Joy. They wondered why he did
not make a better showing, as he wa» not
a dull boy. The answer was at last forth
coming In a note from the principal of tha
school, who wrote:
""Will you please see to it that Charl***
reads less fairy stories and puts in more
time on his home studies. His fairy sto
ries will be the ruination of him."
That the principal was not a goorj
prophet is shown by the fact that Mr.
Loomls' fairy stories ran for nearly fifty
weeks in the New York Sun.
But Mr. Loomls says that if h#> had np
plied himself with more zeal to his studies
his fairy stories might have run a hundred
weeks in the Sun.
The publishers of "Vorsleur Benucalre'*
enrounce another editlnn of the book,
which will not be from the press for ten
days owing to the time required In color
printing. Meantime no copies are to be
had and the demand is Increasing. Dur
ing the past ten days nearly two thousand
copies have been sold— not a bad hot
weather record for n small volume. "U*h;i>
the little book has been selling steadily,
preparations for its presentation on tho
Btage have been going on. Tho dramatiz
ation was done by Evelyn Oreenlraf
Sutherland of Boston and Richard Mans
field will present the play In New York
next January. A number of change* wen
made In the story for the stage version, so
that there mic;ht lie a happy ending for
the heroine as well as for the hero of tha
tale.
"Americans" Is the title of Charles
Dana Gibson's forthcoming book of draw
ings, which will be published In October,
uniform in size with Its four predecessors.
The book will contain over ninety of Mr.
Gibson's latest sketches and cartoons,
and. a3 Its title indicates, is full of the
national character.
Albert B. Wenzell has not offered
the public a collection of the draw-
Ings since the publication in 1S96 of "In
Vanity Fair." which was so favorably re
ceived. This fall, however. R. H. Rus
sell, the publisher of artistic books, will
bring out another volume of reproduc
tions of Mr. Wenzell's work under the
title of "The Passing Show." which will
also deal with the social side of life. A
departure from the previous book will
also be made In size and shape.
leader.
Little. Brown & Co. will publish, early
In October. "James Martineau— A Study
and a Biography," by Rev. A. ' "W. Jack
son. The work was nearly completed at
the time of Dr. Martlneau's death and
since then has been read and annroved by
his nearest relatives, who have rendered
the author valuable assistance. The
volume Is not only a life of the great
theologian, but also a study of the move
ment in thousht of which he was tha
Henry Altemus Company. Philadelphia,
¦will- Issue about September 15 a volume of
poems by William J. Lamptnn, known
wherever newspapers are read by his pe
culiar form of zigzag poetry, in the N*»w
York Sun. The volume will appear under
the title of "Yawps and Other Things."
the tanctlon -of the .author's relatives^
¦who have given Mr. Farnham access to
Mr. Parkman's. letters, vacation Journals
and all other available material.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
BOOK REVIEWSBut it is terrible and effective as well as
pud«1en. and a weird parallel to the ac
oession of the present King Is offered by
that of Victor Emmanuel II. his grand
father and namesake. Klr.g Charles Al
bert, whose character we all know from
The works of the Marquis Costa de Beau
reg-ard ("La Jeunesse du Roi Charles Al
bert" end "Les Dernieres Annees du Roi
<~harles Albert"), had abdicated after the
defeat of Novara. Ills son, Victor Em
manuel, rough, red-haired and ready, sul
len and almost savage, mounted the
Throrje and assumed the scepter just when
?'verythlng pecmed lost, or when, in any
cas-e, the burden of povcreignty seemed
heaviest and least fitted for youthful
thoulders. His fortune, his daring, his
activity, his sheer brute force, his sin
cerity. :he gifts which beseemed him as
a mountaineer King, gave him all Italy
from th«» Alj'S to the sea, from Venice to
Sicily. He became the heir of the Doges,
the Popes, the Grand Dukes, the Gothic,
Lombard an<l Norman Kings, the Frank
ls.h and Germanic Emperors. Everybody
knows that history <E. Dicey. "Victor Em
manuel"; Bolton King. "History of Ital
ian Unity"; W. J. Stillman. "The Union
of Italy," and the work of G. Massari).
His jrrandson b»"ars a pointed external
resemblance to him. and apparently a eon
elderable similarity of character, more
of both than to his own father. King
Humbert. His accession to the throne is
also, unhappily, similar. There Is some—
seemingly much— of strength of will about
this small -framed third Victor Emman
uel. He Is -worthy of his descent through
the ee^ond of that tit!" from a race of
mountain p'inces— restless, piou?, war-
If^-ITE many Americans who have
I chanced to bo in Rome during this
[ month, when they are annually won
dered at for the unusual time of their
cnrr.irig. the long files of £helr carriascs
rumbling everywhere and the IK tie
trisrht -colored stars ar.d stripes which
they wear on their breasts as dJrtinctives
have experienced the strange reality of
the cry, *'Le Ro! est rnort: Vive le Roi!"
One day at noon the guns were booming
e hundredfold death salute to the brave
soldier, the njan of honor r.nd the chiv
alrous Kin-? who lar .slain at Monza; the
rest day. before the rarne hour of noon,
\hf troojjs had sworn fidelity to his son
on the vast Piazza d'Arml. Yet the new
sovereign to whom fealty w;is taken was
not only absent from Rome but far from
Italy, in the Piraeus, Tihen tho saddening
news reached him that King Humbert
had died at an assassin's hand and the
perhaps gladdening news that he himself
¦was Victor Emmanuel HI by the grace of
God and the will of the people King of
Italy. So instant is the transmission of
kinghocd. •
By i€Uliam J. Z>. Crcke. ££.&.
ring, expanding, praying and fighting.
Ascending the throne at 31, he merely
fulfills a family usage which has been too
cfte-n carried out in dramatic and tragic
circumstance?. Charles Albert was
crov.rc-il at 33; Victor Emmanuel II at 29;
Humbert I at 34. They all worked stren
uously. The iron crown of Theodolinda Is
no unmeaning symbol.
AH this creates presumption and pre
possession in favor of the new monarch.
But beyond this, the public has no opin
ion about him, nor any knowledge whtre
•nith to form an opinion. He Is an abso
lutely unknown factor to tho public, fpr
he has been. first brought up in the prilv
acy of a closed family circle, and then
«e<?n only in the routine of military per
formances He has experienced little, or
rather nothing, of political life, during
either the first period of his life, which
was passed in court at Rome, nor the
second, which was spent In camp— so to
speak— at Naples. Yet the enigma of his
personality is of Interest even to repub
lican statesmen abroad.
Xothlng but Rontgen rays will give us
any insight, and the only media of this
kind must be sought in an Inventory of
¦what he has learned, In the estimates of
him found by his master's, and In tho
consideration of his first acts.
These few lights are, however, strong
and valuable. Speaking of the Tallce edi
tion of the "Divine Comedy," which. In
18S6. the late King desired should bo
dedicated to his son, that omnifarious
and omnivorous scholar. Ruggiero
Boughi, declared that few youths had re
ceived so substantial and so wise an ed
ucation as the future King. Nor did
Boughi take less into account the results
and the assimilation, than the studies of
th* royal youth and the efforts of his
instructors, for he said that Victor Em
manuel had quickness of apprehension
and a truly prodigious memory. These
gifts do not make for genius; they are
not even allied to it; they may exist
apart from it. But a King may find hig
genius among his counselors. Ills own
calling requires merely that he shall havo
learned much, and remembered well.
And Victor Emmanuel III has sufficient
mental agility to be able to use his in
exhaustible memory.
1'ntil his twelfth year, his education
was mainly physical. He was not teased
with hard study. Only the acquiring of a
prjcticul acquaintance with Italian.
French and English was expected of
him. He lived In the sweet shelter of an
enlightened love: that of Queen Margaret,
his mother and the Idol of Italy. Then
fct twelve, he bt pan to study. Heretofore,
his study had been almost a recreation."
thenceforward, his amusements were to
be studious. He rose dally with the sun;
took his cold bath, aod cup of brevh—
INTERESTING PEN SKETCH OE
THE LIFE AND CHARACTER
OF VICTOR EMMANUEL III.
Continued on Pag© Fifteen.
epecimens animate and Inanimate: in
photography, in numismatics. One of
these diversions he has retained and de
veloped Into an exalted branch of culture—
numismatics. He is the greatest collector
ft medals and coins in antiquarian Italy
and probably in the world, and this with
such intelligence that he Is an authorlta
tiTo numismatist, so much so that he has
contemplated, if not begun, a folio corpus
Itallcorum memmorum. This is a strange
and strong and specially royal teaching of
universal history, as the learned can telL
It arose out of his boyish curiosity over
a coin of the late Pope Pius IX, or as an
other version has it, out of his interest
over some coins of ancient Rome.
Not his diversions .only were turned to
Intellectual "profit, but even his pains.
One day the v King, his father, was de
tained with the Cabinet Minister for the
signing of decrees; the dinner was de
ferred; the Crown Prince began positive
ly to suffer • the pangs of hunger.
"Mother, I am . hungry." he cried.
He was only 13 years of age. _ His
mother took the "Divine Comedy," opened
it at the thirty-third canto of tho "In
ferno," and gave It to the Prince to read.
The part opened was the story of tho
starvation of Count Ugollno and his chil
dren in the dungeon tower of tho Gua
landl.
Under these methods Victor Emmanuel
was able to speak Frencn and English, as
well as Italit-n. with perfect correctness
at lz; was early busied In the reading of
books in all three language? suited to his
special avocation; was engaged in the ar
dent pursuit of literary, historical, geo
graphical and mathematical studies, and
'in the cultivation of the physical sciences,
constitutional law, political economy and
German, the which language he began
to acquire while he was completing his
mastery of French and English.
The most democratic reader will «eo
at a glance the relation which exists be
tween such studies and the business of
kingcraft, but which bears still more
nearly, with the exclusion of constitu
tional law, in the case of military theory
and practice, geography and history. The
Prince Is a soldier, as all Kings are nowa
days, and in the specialized way that
modern European sovereigns must be. He
has resided a year in his titular city of
Naples, giving proof of activity and effi
ciency as generaf in command of the
Tenth Army Corps. Of geography and
history ho Is described as nothing less
than an encyclopedia.
But is his Imagination fired with the
visions of expansion which a familiarity
with geography brings, or with the phan
tasmagoria of the past in history? Un
happily, no; for he is devoid of fantasia,
says his instructor; for five and a half
years in Italian literature, Deputy Mo-
randl. and by fantasia I take it that th*
professor means the two gifts which ws
distinguish apart as imagination and
fancy. Thus, of the Italian poors rno
Prince prefers Dante, and. likes Arlosto
least. The divine poet is the positive poet.
"However strange, however grotesq-ue»"
writes Lord Macaulay, "may be tho ap
pearance which Dante undertakes to de
scribe, he never shrinks from descrfblnc
It. He gives us the shape, the color, the
sound, the smell, the taste; he counts th»
numbers; he measures the size. Hla sim
iles are the illustrations of a traveler.
• • • The ruins of the precipice
which led from the sixth to tho
seventh circle of hell were like those of
.the rock which fell Into th» Adige on the
south of Trent. The cataract of Phlege
thon was like that of the Aqua Cheta at
the monastery of St. Eenedlct. Tho place
where the heretics were confined in burn
ing tombs resembled the vast cemetery
of Aries (Essay on Milton).
Still, if Macaulay is right, and ho Is.
and if we English-speaking people, betas
mostly positive folk, are right In taking
imagination as tho veracious and con
structive faculty, and consequently as tho
agent cf realism In mental painting, and
if the Italians, being of a more romantlo
race, are borne rather toward fancy than
imagination, the Prince may havo as
much of the picture faculty as is desir
able, since he has at least something of
of Aries". (Essay of Milton.)
Imagination is tho necessary concomi
tant, and connatural manifestation of
genius. Its power is tho measure of the
conception of objects to be attained to:
its warm light Is tho medium through
which genial conceptions are revealed to
tho thinker and communicated to others.
The new King is declared by his tutor
in the national literature, • which is a
province of his imagination, to be actually
deficient In this gift, yet how easily In
a King's life, especially if ho nxlo a
troubled country. o» hold sway in times
of imminent peril or dlro distress, is
imagination the only means of savins his
crown— or even his head. Tfc© lato mon
arch, indifferent as was his cultxre,
measured the standard of modem roy
alty, had a supreme faculty of imagina
tion: a fu«don of kingly generosity and
heavenly pity. He was generous. Ha
scattered hundreds of thousands,
perhaps thousands of thousands of.
dollars in private and public
beneficence from year's end to year's
end. I have been a: pains to commemor
ate him in arithmetic, and I find that his
charities exceeded those of some sover
eigns by about two hundred and fifty per
cent. Yet he had begun his reign by pay
ing his father's colossal debts. Ho was
burdened by the maintenance of tho royal
NEW KING OF ITALY TREADS
THE PATH OF POPULARITY
BEATEN BY HIS FATHER.
If he had not tarried somewhat In rising.
In which jevent this was withheld: had
• his lesson, and went out on horseback,
whatsoever the weather might be..
'Ills training, that Is, the formation of
his character, was ¦ chiefly : thereafter In
the hands of a terrible man— Colonel Oslo,
a learned Midler— and who In consequence
was or acted' the part' of both pedant and
martinet. Two stories illustrate the mas
ter and the boy. . "Si rlcordl," the'forrher
.rudely • said one day to .the poor Prince^"
"che tanto 11 flpllo'd'un re quanto 11 figllo
dun calzolais, quando e un aslnoiie un
aslno." {Remember that when "a King's
son is a donkey he Is just as v much a don
key rs a shoemaker s" son.) • On ,anoth«-r
occasion Professor Morandl. the literary
tutor, remonstrated with this man of rlgi-l
will. Though the Prince was suffering
' from r. cold, he was . being: compelled | by
the colonel to take his usual morning ride.",
To the professor's protests the dtsciplln
. arlan replied: "And if one day war broke
out., would not the- Prince have to ride
even, though , he had a' cold?" ; So on all
through- the day, year in year out. physi- ,
cal athletics elternated with mental.-. "
Even his diversions were so. devised -to
be Instructive I have said. Ho was taugrhi
. to. discover .^amusement, in . kindergarten
plans of "military^ strategy ; rot up, In gar
dens, In natural . history C made real - by.
. ... ¦.. . .. . . ¦. ...... '
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13CHAPTZP. X— Ccrtln^'J.
qayghi-.KS?. any Batter is ~'«««- c
\lf\Jf trom ~'~ e i:L * caii^^t be tscer-
Vfsy t^=^l uniU Kj contents, ere
ch*-cke^ at Shanyhil. where the
ct.r;?r Is not due before s*m daya.
rcieSie time, depeaflire &a wea.ti.er.
The E*iai:3fr-al Ca=s=i^5ic=eT has b-*a !a
ttrcrted ty wire to t*!ffra?- tie r«s^!is
cf this Inspector, imneiiauly. In the
zaea^rttrse the iZiehlxl ct Pactlc* fczji b-Mta
r-yrrr zn-i tpprehend the cZer.ieri.
S'FZ*i* 3TL C^derpaa. Acting Azalstast
£*<^r*tar>-.'"
This ctrc-^ajr w*jr sot •«! trader cover
to *ach leyatlcr! «epaLratsIy, bet carried
crotrad ty a rlr4rchal en a cli?. it wea
binded In «r*n. iniUaled a* «**n. ard re
rcrrse<5 to U*» bearer. AH tfc» l*tatlc=s
w-*r» w^;hla a t«m tslautes' walk cf the
5sp»rfr.*»r^trcy r?::*raL
ilr. FzEovtr hapn?r.ed to be is tbe
•irawlr.y-rooTr: v^tth Valda wh»n ft eame.
Efce iras trrirtc ov»r a :« >t«op of — .•;
ylr. a Trm* senr. which hv3 ju»t arrivel
frosj St. Pet#r»btrr?. 'Wlt^ct craiir.^ rr>
F'ay yhe tcrcw! l»r head end watrhed her
r=ariias*« face. Ia the dim rich settir.B
ct that ETofc*e!y «iecor«ted roorr. th» si
lent rsovrrr^nt of fcer he^J ar^5 the in
tertresa cf her ff!ince would have struck
u «rti€t: "as *:F=2*th\I=s- rarj»!y draaiatlc
?Tr*t Ie*« tfrarsatSc was the lock cf cora
daf!ri rape and "xhicb over
rpread tbe brow of the Minister. "By
God." he muttered, "hx* that fox caurht
i=e ia cev own trap? Eut — o — it is aa ac
d-I^nt—well, we ch*3 tee.**
Kis boy reapptyurd to say that the mes
ttzs^r *»* waitirc for the clip
~Zz.i I erast kee;> this.~ »a:d M. d*
6=.=cvsr tatryttily. "I rtust hold a
proof • • • - Then fce eeersed st:iien!y
to reedlect that he was the last man who
*':.-.'.* e*M>W tzlsglfizig rryrr + i *"g th« «f
¦>..- £-.-1 .-.;'•;:>- icitlASajr the aaeet with
the pencil attached be handed It to the
bey tsA tack cy 2te ict; thzt Vaada was
playirc.
7*n izrs !at»r- fcxteastfaa «ra« r*~'.-*l
that the mail was short cf one c-3v?r orJy.
Th* *rxi*ty cf jrtiate c.rrt«^:r:-ier.-.:
<tb<» courier carried several i:-j.-*ire*i pri
vate letters ost cf Pekln? *ach we*k« be
|8( tfc-as relieved, nothing w«_s felt b"t a
rather plquar.t curic5:ty as to who -was
the fcrtun*.te <ct Gi:fcrtu=at«> <rsff»r«--
TSUs of ccurse cou:a E.ot b» a*c«rtalr>e<i fer
two cr three months, fcr it was ir:p^75sitle
to i-lzy the diroatch of the ma!! by
steam«r, and oa!y tie rsoa-ackaowled?-
B*ewt cf tb* raysterioti? letter wouid be
tray ::a ciiapp<tarac-:i!?« Stich an ecciient
had net been known ta hanp*3 ri-c* the
rtcrtry times cf the Tiip-in* RebeHIca.
*r.4 «rery cae aLgreed. »^;.«r!a;:T when no
trere of the rr>St*rs ni foend. Oblaese
ftatecrafi was at the bcttoa cf tfc* mis
chief. The abstracted cover, i: was bfct
ed. was an irar>-xr:ant dttpatch fram oae ef
the ili=ir:»r» to hl« GTVernssect- Asd of
cccrte. if any cf the lllriisten tad sent
a dispatch Important qKMBzdi to be fJcbed.
be ccnidn't b- «xp*cted to declare 1^ He.
whoever te was. islgfc: have what ms
picJcn* be. chose. To scspeci. 2ir, Peri
ccrd cf destrevtrj for tfs own private
*nds the credit of tbe splendid service
which h* had reduced to sjch eiockwerk
regularlsy vu fe*ycr,d tbe backtltiag of
his moat malicfocs en«;m!es^ Thus the zX
fair was forgc-tten Icng before any con-
Crcatica could be expected, although
dirubtlrrs masy lived ia bopen of b»ias
afcle.to claim tils rp#^rk of cctcriety.
Dot E/jcethins else occurred within the
menth to ttEspcrarily dismiss every ether
.- : i.r.-Lz.'. frora thi« Iitt'e gisiipic? society.
*bicb seized on tte *llg-!:t*st social rwsor
Uke henpry wolves. Zlr. Kaie. en An*ri
car. revenue a«£i«ar.t entplsjed as Enj-
Ii*h tutor 1= Mr. Perioord'* Chinese Cd
lec«- had <U2*ppeir««I from P-kicg. Xaae
had eeen him leave the city by cart with
his tasgage. ncr W2« any nsenticn made
cf his arrival by traia ia the next week's
Tieatsla sheet- Gossip was cot able to
hint at a "mysterious dlsappearaace" with
tne insinuation of a crim<9» fcr. if tisere
had b«€n anything cf that sort the Rev
enue I>epartn;ent would have caused aa
t=«=.ber. rlr. that ca the 3d I asked yoa
fcr two esv5" shootfcsr !«ew. I rode alors«
:>.e Pasting Gov? re= »Et road alone, with
a *7»re pony. I perf«?rta-^ tbe la«t twenty
r=Ces at cfrht. a little ahead cf the cour
ier. I wayiaid hlia aad knocked fcisa
down. Ia the stru^s'e he rode over me.
When I bad ri*ed the ha? I rode back «n
«e= to railhead, where I ti£l £=y *a-S"i>
ird pcr!es wtth a *rl?sd?y BelsSaa *rO
Cot* ziir back ca tbe ?3ss:. truck- Th«f
th^- sf-rrice escaj*^ s^Jrif-^"- a * F*l^*
Of r=y pcrJes ar.d ii.1? " H* glanced d«wa
*x tbe hawi :trw b?:wees the tut:c=»
• f hi? wci^tc^at. which wi5 the cniy slins
be.csed tor a crashed arm."
•"Pr*x**S.".s*H. Mr. PericarcL'
The roves ess brzrelr bore cp esaiast
thefterzfble fi=:r-!£:::y of that wcrd. «r4
pcoc«ic«d frens hi< bjwtst packet a lor^
'er.v*?-:re t^arinsr the rsya! =^ns cf Rbj
£ia. ¦
~I 5tc!* thi*. It ce-t*i=s. 5 b-Iieve. to
fcrr--.£ilcn which it t? impcrtant fcr yo^s
to fciiw."
:ir. P^ri^sna drew tack; he did not
"Tiisr; h* e«^lEseA '"CJj««S Gad! can
* ¦ y.-zns a ctZ.2 fcav« teen priv>--to *
.^^rriracj- iilie thisT Xcthin* start ci
;ry c->a:5irse ruia. . . I. to have iater
c*p5^l an' cf3c!&! dispatca by highway
roUbery. I . ."
Ther. fee i*cr>viir«r-2 fcSs ss'^aS iasperetri
t::-jtr-
"1 *3E srrry. Blxie. ycu have sl!?w«d
iiif* Bf|fst:sS Jc esi yen as a zoz-l fsr a
v«?y r-ws!;:;-s*j;'E plot bo trteR n:« isto di*-
SET2.ce. I <5-o !Mrt t=.c?r that I hav« ever
beea entnped i~t» si> g|aeoSl a 4n«r=ma.
I axa scrry fcr -t-3, bat I ntjsst adhere to
rrr ro^ "tal «Ki ex?e» cf ch-servias a
strictiy -:?r.-e?=ittai " atsttsde. ;. F^r ar
p*y*J I do ect faatw i erh? L? *h* culprit or
¦a ha: rszll 1* se&siagt Tbe cfTeru*. as ycu
are aaart, canrfes with ;i a j^aal sea
teace <?f. £ ifcfcS. f^tcrteeaj yea.rV hard
U:«r. Per tSe r r**t, yco mc-«t do as yoa
itini Ct. Tr=r ressxatloa wiD | tok | be |
f3Lx*.?t?-5 fcr a trrrrffT*; s'S givisr swa ars
pie ti=e to !aav* P*kia^ befsre it ts pu>
ttjbed.*"
"i£y re*1.5n^*i:rr:r" s"3nxzner€"3 tbe c:
tiUtT" — - -
"Wfcat eiaeT* sz5& tk~ S. G. in s:em
siaprtje.
. "Ciaie's hes-i sank ta ti= trca^t 13:*
thai t< ss ox us-ier tie pc»:-*s. K» was
£«S3* seconds Js recovering the faciity cf
tsc^Shu .' Tfcsn fce he'd out the diapa.tth
a^aia s.z4 «ai<5 Sa a thsli. c*r*ies« voice:
*"T©3 csay as w«T" a.t leait read It. rtr.
I^dooTt tddek I care 4a be ta^pdaoa.
ani SO «t wH3 Dot t* rc?icre*i to M- ti*
Sasiovsr !a a— y cci«-"*
" » tf^s c*^t **y etiisc? stOie— ¦ t^.*
E'^rsiiE cipssr. also. I Jcp5<>s?T*
"The— c!pi?r— " Elak* pet ;ae.cs«-if»s
df<ru— €st"b£x5£is his pocket. Tfce dci-priir
Z!w5 ar:s=isi: en the i=.&s'a fat* made a
j<tt3t;e sp>t-ct3rle. .
"Far GoS* *Ate !¦?!! s* wist ! am to
C<!>. cirr* he- i=p5cTed faintSr.
Tfce S. G."s tkatteaec gasre
JTT«a may as wei! eCer yc-tr service* t-»
ihe Rc^siaa 345r.tsur cr Viceroy \A, who
tre t-sth ssch cwritrra-ed - well-w!.*hf r» oJ
tie Fujm' i 1m riHlyiw' y Geperal I do set
tiiais. y*»e can; d-a ?ae 9 worse haras Ia
the ¦ ecipJ-nrjrr&f na cf try fvesEies than yea
have dese ra« in ccy j^nic*.*' Or since
you ai* nach sa edei>I at racscuHar fcris
csdfte. yoa rr^^fct ax5tFi Prlace Tuata ta
<Srili:ns- fcis rs«v.- sect cf Boxers."
"By G/ML I thinit 1 wfIJ.~ nscttered th*
cvokxt. onuv driren to reck!e»s=*f s. B*i
«r W3^» tt>e Pe^ias micksjusi* for tbe iiJcal
s«!f-fir-miTiP c!u?*s rwcestSy (fStaU&hsd.
"To-r saisrj- tsjI! te paid a? to the en 3
cf th» meaner." ite S. G. xsdi. tamir.5 h s
back ca Blafce is order t» =ai« an ertry
ia orre cf the rnysterloas Se<5gers wfclra
llr.fi :he ?:ac<-ir:? d«S. **I tilni." fce
a'J-ieid, exter-din*: a slip cf payer behind
tins without tumiagr Lis hestd, "to avdd
u^:s^scesiary ; <iiiiniir f iim y«ws had better
take St r.ow, 3£r. 3iale."
Itse si!p wis a check en T'ynuin fcr
&:•> ra*i*. virttt&Hy a gift cf Xl'Ji frcm JSr.
P*r! aril's rriv^s* pocket-
Blake was. a growB man, not particular
ly gc^dtafe alzbccth vti£zt the «pe!l cf
Valda's fymjatby be had talked like a
schoolboy. At lists practical proof ©f his
ebiefs tfco~?feifciaes« he was nsoved (o
say cany things. He iras a bl?. robcft
f*IIow. acd he was struck with a var*a<
serr«e cf p-ath^* la the bowed asd frazils
forts cefors fcSs. rcalixiair fer tte nrst
time :hat the a. G. was an o3d man. and
a lonely cne. Pnt !t is card to spetk to a
man's back. A little catch cf the'fcreath
r-is t^t oriy shirty t?a.t broke tbe silence.
$nd B3ak» went sicwiy cct.
V.'hf-s he haci left the rocs. Mr. Peri
c?rd leaned h:< h«ad la bis hzed wearily.
All his B£c haiJ been a »trasgt> to ssp
pre?* *te «*-r,tfst*ata5 tide cf his nature,
whkb vas ss s*ft as a irersan's. Scesea
like this, rt ilevctfcn whicb be -*as cont
polled to repidlaie. tart hiia. ; '; ':_.f
""Cruel cccesiStj-:" fcc aiaraiurcd wttb a
ciSh.
CHAPTER XL.
cf tb<? S. G. t!:rr>'-&i hi* "I!tt!e bird."
Anythir.e In the rat-re of a clandcsU-*
liais-cn en the part cf an assistant xnlghr.
cause hl« dismissal, not ca moral grounds,
but b«rat;«« It w*« Ii»t!e to *"«>nipro
rrise the service."
This audacious scandal was er.co'ira^ed
by V«.Sda*« tessporary dis*ppe»rance from
social functions oa the plea of a chill.
Tfce niaJa facts of the matter were ts
fo'Jowi:
The day after the boiling up cf the
co-jrler B^aXe Eonis-it a private audiecc*
¦srttb h.ls ciief. II« TZii:
"It was I who robbed the nail, sir."
The S, G.. who bsd in his !-3n? ex
perience eaco^ntsred r.ea.r«y every form of
nonorssr.il And depravity that i« to be
found In y;.r,z cm. wa« fer c^ce ia his
Hie bewildered. Fcr a msntent he ap
peared almost startli-o: fcr anothsr ra-*
metit i!*iocked. Thea he looked steaOTa^tly
at Blaite with an air wbich seen:«d •-¦:>:;>•
petr'fjin? into the frigidity cf an iceberg.
••Explain vourself." be tald.
"Sir." crtsd Blake, "I did It for the
eervtce! A person- to be frank, z.
lady f • •"
•"I gave yoa credit for sostUdns belter
than this. Blake. I expect my ?tait to be
at least as IsSexIt-l? to Ccrruption a* I try
to be myself. Women are netorsc-usiy
dacferons; yoo "are dfetlsc^y warned in
tbe instructions to beware of excfcansln^
cocMences »rith the Eaeatbers of a certain
aegatioc But one whose blandlsliiixcata
were so enhi'^hins— to n^anlfestly insin
cere • : • • "
Biake was asrtcni«l»ed. "Pardca me. *ir.
If osc thlrt "sras Tsanlfest. It was surely
the lady's attachment to yourself. As for
ne • • •"" Pocr B^ke «ni!ed bhtcrJy.
"Attachment is easily fdssed." said the
S. G.. with societhiajf of the same bitter
ness ia fcts vclce. "We, too. are easily
deceived, and even when convinced cf the
fact a sting: of regret is left behind which
obscures our conviction. Only one rule
cas saXeguard a man in a. center cf ta
trurue Ilk* this. It Is — and I have so of tea
reirerated it in the Instructions— Do DOT
play with ed?ed tools. Hcwever"— and
with a sigh he resura«d fcis air of stern
r.ess—"the raiscilef ¦= I» dene. Yon -arill
please Infcra ce by what means yoa
carried oat yotrr rohbery."
Ehsuae bowed his htad. "You -rrtll re-
THE C1PHEH.
Blike. t*fcre "sJs di«appearasce. sought
z. fare* ell Inter^-iew with Valda. He told
her cvcrytilrs lie S. G. had said te hua.
and his manly :en£crne«s was profocndly
grieved to wi:r.tf $ the frirS's distress when
she learned la what light Mr. Pericord
r«?-ardtd her. He corduded by banding
her tte fatal dispatch with a rather
rtr.'jmfnl att?n:pt at chefrfolness.
"Since no one e!5e wiil have it. I ntsst
r1v-» !? back to yo-j," he szi:. "1 sup-pot^
ycu didn't fcrtt>-» that th<^MInister3 use a
cipher. I th!rk the best tiln£ yea can io
—for me. at I*ajt— will be to slip it amonj
Mr. Samovar's papersrand let bim think
h» revcr Bettt S*" of?. It's ere of thos<
thiiss which arc of so Importance to any
ine except th= cwr.tr. as they say in ;ce
"icsf ads."
"I will take it." repL.ed Va'da re*Oiure
ly. "but I am cot g-sias to let your cclval
nm sacri^te fee in vain. Wfcat can I say
to yjy? To rpeak cf my gratitude and re
rr:5r*e would v ---.i iike byprocrisy ia face
of the troub5e s 'i have sot yon Into. And
yet . . ."
"P!eas* Trcrry yourself absct that.
U;?s Bcrisfccff. 1 dare say I shall faH on
my feet when I have sot over the stua of
it- After all. there are other things be
tides ite revenue service."
"Oh. dcr/t <ay thatl"
"I mean, there are other ways of serv
iEg Uie S. G. than by working: out statis
tics or teachi=s yoaa? Kanchc brats how
to s=.y f crelfn deviL Don't tbisk for a
~?r.c: that U hsve ror.» back on my
loyalty. Ev*a it Mr. Pericord bad been
unjust, which he certainly hasn't, it
TrcuJd te enooga for me that be 13 the
enly ccan in tbe world to you."
Valda locked at tin: trtih an expression
divided between remorse asd adatraUos.
Her cyts yxere stiScsed with regret
"If 1 only knew what I couH do to re
pair it!*" she murzaured. as If she would
make hiai forget that bis sacrifice had
been for a rival. "I would give evcry
ttir^ I possess . . ."
"Except tbe cne thins.**
"Would that 1 could give that too." she
murmured, blush^yj deeply. "Bat I caa
net/V
A3 *be raid this she continued to look
at him with a - ; tl ielcsg fiance not atso-
in shcrt. frvery on* knew that Elsie had
b»*r. "szc'x.e&," and. al'liousa ncr.e knew
why. the air wa* rife with piausil^e ex
l>^Tuati-=*. To c-£- # with. h»- wa_s ca the
5. G.'s '•biack books "; that was ks^s
F^y*1p. It was whimpered that he had
frm-.*rfy been sddlcted ta *ecret drink
!r.r. or erfa cpiani ' sasoklss-. ar.d that
a^ier s^reari-? Jo refTTm fee had b*en
polity cf a r«?!ap*e. Tfccs* two r!ns are
£*:•! in China to be grei'.Iy irorse^tbaa
tr^rier. Xct t-s drink at a?! Is a »«ri«ra*
nsisdc lansv. bnr «r»-ea that I* betttr tbaa
drir.fcir^r alrne. Smckinaf --::;— I* rimply
«i.in;nat£ca: yoc ntty dri.tk a botlle c-f
ddcrodyoe a day or even spot yourself
aTI ever -"lib morpfcia Injections, but to
«T=Tkf. like a ccramoa Chinairan, 'i
Ancther cxp!anstion -wWcb was greeo
5t jrwa!k«wed and raalicJiotrsly circulated
t— tfce vocxa wu that Blake Kad b«?ea
f*r> alone at rJifhi with Miss E«rii"soff:
sent* »ven west so far as to aysert. on the
s tressrth cf tieir ~^z<yy*' " bondobr bullet
r:». that she fca^I b^ea s«is s'JppJrtg out of
the I. P- D. ¦-'=—:-.:.-.'. dis^uifed la a
nt2c"s ccat. Netting p25jr*s «c««n In
China, zed Ecii.ir.jr— at least with r*fer
eBice to hi* *tarr — fa.fied to rsach Oie ears
inTfrsT'eaTicn- But the S3j»TintTr.^ency
Ger^rzi pr*?*rved a stolid sUence. Tbe
members cf ih-» L P.. D.. when <:c<4tfcne<3.
Kboek their h^ads. thereby intJaiitistj?. 1=
& rcanrer cci:s fgmfliar to ail P«5ci =? t-ec.
•^at :i- btiaottkm cf H» TTho Mc« Be
Obeyed lay h*«av2y en their R&alt. A new
t-z'.r.r was app-rfsted to the Tzag Wea
wiih-out c<?mi3*at.
luteiy dl«ct»urR=Uijr to a rejectee »»!tor,
and srridually her hand stole out toward
Blake hesitated a nwaent. as If he felt
he w»» takir.1; aa unfair advantage, Thea.
cverm*stered by her beauty, he took her
hand «nd imprinted ca it a passionate but
bepeless kiss. .
-*"I have read r^ur secret. Miss Beris
keiT." he said. "But ycu cas"t expect me
to lock at sveh aa sttachrstct calmly.
F1ea<e den't think it is vu!?ar Jealousy.
My respect fcr bin wculd net leave rocta
tar such a thouefct even If he were a man
of mr t*3 as?- But It kills r=e to see
»r.y ore 50 ycuns and beautiful a« y«m
thrcwin? airay yenr heart en a man who
has no feelicc:. and who. fonrive me for
sayirc ft. is already married *nd eld
er©as:h to be ycur father."
*"I canrtet http i:!"
"VTell. I t«?ht to say paod-by cow. I
is not Kkely to Rad myself In the same
censrany with, yea as=in. That mail rob
bery—I suppose c~— . c-e will find cut
that I left my jvsr.ies down there, sooa —
puts sre out cf respectable society as well
*s cut of the Fcr^ice. I don't know where
1 siaSl fro. Bu:"— bere his *e".f-contrc3
trrke dswr— "Gcd knew?. Valda. I shall
pray fe*r yocr happire**!"*
Valda lirterci to its lecture with an «s?r
of ccntrttica and shame little to be ex
pect ed frcra a high-splritied ccquette. Na
bassfet* liTii=? ©f tie head, no Cash of re
fer trr.er.t iaterrcpt-?<l him. On the cca
trcry. ween he ceased she was fleetly
cryir?:.
Sle turr.'d frv>n: Ser afcruptly. t?t!as his
rs-jstache. "Dacsa me." te muttered ta
hiEtseif— "I have co tac-"
Tfeen Vclda fnd'ltnly fisng her ams
ir: ur.i his eeck.
Tien Biake rersenthertd her.
"My brave. <rhJvairo»» friend V efc«
*3btc<L ~1 cannot help it! Kis tsasa
h£5 t«n ia n:y rpind so tnacy years. Th*
early aapTwaoa was ca!j etreajtheasd
by aba^cce^ . ."
*"\ocr* he nmtlered- "Tfie Htlle CiJ
c«ec tsssbey:" K* held her ->2 Iras* tins.
esve^ptES- her in his d«p gaze--
-TTea. rtnee SCZ9etbte« tin !eft t» i=
pr«sKcs5 a: a"J. ti-tre ,c*n be ej barm ta
r*?^-iii=:? it."
So he kirs-MS E*r en the lips. sj&Z thta
ti=e Va2da d^4 not Krc??!*-
iL d-t Eintovar had been de"is=t»d by
Mr. PtTiccnTa 'mitt ix> Vaidau Apart fr^ra
providing his; with tafefmat'-aa of a vai>
aK» nature, it p-rcntlied n^'uch fcr '.h«
*"f^r«. iL- de Samovar «« a "E**!- r=a.3
•c.i the wcrld and abs« to fc:m a p«er-*trat-
Sag estiaiate cf llr. PerJccri's caax*ct*r;
and he hz<S litlie dyJzL from th- ccnv^r
taticn he had listened to. that the tfxold
red s«lf-tsc"ated sup«rin:tr.ii?=t ots
ri»a«5y to fall a slave to Valda's ctarrs-
Acd h» foresaw tha; It wesJ-i b* a t'aor
ccf:3 slaver). Mr. Pfr.wrd ha 3 protsfc'y
T*\tr yet s«ccsm:&c4 to a r*ai iafatTMi-
Ooat acd It 5 s Jest th«s« 3.sce:ic aad «tfr
eoctrolii'ii rs*n wfc<f a:jr. Liz themselves
cniiieSy Tthtn lify are c^pt-r^i atter
zrJdcle ase- He w^aid reveal ereryttiES
that V*S<ia Trishea t» krx>w. and IX df
Samovar U=i?t=ed t^^t he had a stroas
hiii over his ward to csmj-c? htr to 2x1
as fcis t«>cl.
Tee nature cf this ho"«3 was as fsli^ws.
a=d II explain wtey tse ptlisaed arl«t«>
crat feai *a iitUle scrap:* in eomrr-n^slr-s
the future ni bis ward: Be* ;re Cccni
Beriskoft died he virtually di>s«rn*vi Valda
Ia his will by Icavtr-s her ecSy a Eegacy.
wfciSe the tuik of his estate went to a
-di5*jint reictive w&o ws* fcsmtally t tyiei
Efcxt-cf-fc=_ After fci* dta:!x a *£.a"-ed let
ter w** fcrwarded to II. Ce Sarasvar
which explained Val&a's crigia. la !t tie
Coast revt!?'! Yaida for her iisoit-iience.
asd advisct! S^nrovar 13 ectptoy fc^er a?
a rpy. the only thiag fcr wilch sie was
fitted. "His maii-ce even weat to the ext«at
cf expressing d&nbt li be was ¦ettt&Qy
her father. It was th's letter, which ccn
talaed Kae s^isralar aI2es*t:o=<. which
tiie 3iteis:er counted en as a r.-.al Ui5tru
rntns to bend Valda to his wliL
Bat fcr ton* raysterlcss reason lie
friendship b*tweea Valda and th* S. G
cad ecs»e to a conclasioa as soon as fc-i—
5un. Mr. Periccrd did not repeal his call,
ar-d Valda ofesUnately refused it? s*?i
him. The r?b5*ry of the mall ha-S in
creased M. de Samovar** diplomatic sax
l«ti<*. and although he did cot yet kasw
if it was bis own dispatca which had dis
appeared b* wa* In;>i'l3ent -to «e fcia lit
tle scheme cen»uassisted.
"Are the very fate* asai.ist RassIaT" te
cxclalnstd- "Net enly is a aost intpcr
tant comnimlcatisn delayed by a ca.:!
robbery; but I have ta live ia daily dre^d
of !'2~:rr thas. taat oosnaausicanlca ha*
faCen Into the ha.rd« cf my *=emy.
Should that fce so, and shosld he find a
means ef reading its contents, our di
plomacy ¦ would be b«Jd up to the *eera
asid horror cl the dvilix*d worid. asd I
should probably be transferred to Siberia.
I told in ny band only one instmment
capable cf piercing th« armor of this ter
rible csaa. aad tbat iastrtiiaeat lails De
at the last iaoxnenL By heaves. I scarcely
wcoder at yocr father disewniny >-oa."
"Wodd It make S4> much difference
thca." said Valfia, softly, "if Mr. Periccrd
Ieara«d the contents of your dispatenT"
-It wcuid cake tie step I ccniemplate
<roi:e imposiibJe, Apart frcm tse pre
cautions which would be takea to prevent
it I ccul-2 not venture to »«t the scheme
in motion if there was the remotest
chance cf it being traced back *3 this
legation. Our diplomacy has been eon
pplcaous for scrnplflrs when we strike for
b\p stakes, but this Is a thins whica
squeamish Earope would stand aghast at.
We might even be called aisas^ins if an
accident happened."
"Aa accident T"
"Well, you never know qtrfie how far a
Chinese mob will go when it is started.
Peking Is an awkward place for & revo
lution. But cotntKS short of a. revolution
In Peidng weald give us an excuse to oc
cupy it with an artsy." .
Vaida became thougfetfcL "But even if
it sbould have been your dispatch th^t
¦ar-45 stolen, no oae could decipher it.
codd theyT* *
'"Tfcank Gcd. no: I think net- But that
Is not the «ra*stion- I *sk you once more.
Valda. will you call ©a Mr. Pericord. or
won't you?"
"Xo!" replied Valda acgrfly. "I nevej
wish to speak to Mr. Periccrd again."
"Vo'- say So zaucb worse thaa be. the
friend of aa irreproachable ffeatlemaa,"
the Minister said nsenaci-gly.*- "You for
get the facts of ycur birth. Y«ra win con
tinue, to enjoy every hixury. aad a bril
:!i--.: poyJUcn In society, wtne you remain
jsy ward, bet I am afraid yoa wocJd find
a small ac&utty a poor aZi»i for tb«
stismi of ffiegiUmacy If I tsra yaa o«t
into the cold. If It Is not ilr- PertcoTd. It
will be Captain Vasailich."
Frca that day 3J.de Samovar wa* tptiU
l£ed by perceiytas "¦ a change to Vaida.
Sbe bad evjdently cot cndcrxti»!>d tbe
crude realities of ber situation, and U bad
humbled ber to recall them bluntly. Tba
attentions of Captain Va*«ilich wer« al
ready of a grc*s. nature, nsA If once hi
knew tea t she wls notains more tJ»an an
laegitlrnate half-caste they wonJd beco»e
unbearable. This alone might plausibly
explain Valda's new affection for her
gnardiaa. which lapeHed her so freqnent
ly to betray aa intelligent Interest In his
work and to seek the shelter otbls study.
It was tree that. her Intimacy with llr'
Pericord was net renewed, but Vaida bad
"net th* Ut» faHca la wltb ti* ICslttsr'f
6«cire*» Oa« day. wbea M- <S« Basurrar
bad a«aln pr«H«d ber on tfci* pofst. with
the renewed threat of basdis*; ber o»er
to the tender mercies of bJj aita«b#, Va!
da had astonished him by a brt£last plot
of hex own.
"I should fca-ve Ktae chance oi recato
ing Mr. Pericord'* esteem if ray ca=5«
were compromised, sir." in* eaid peni
tently. "But If you will trust and a**".»t
me, I believe I c*a find a way to Mr.
Pericord's confidential paper*, if I can
not tb his confidence. And if yotir dis
patch should have fallen into hi* tands
that would serve your purpose stUl bet
te "You are a genics, Valda. Wfc&t is
" our planT*
CHAPTER XII
Valda told him. -
-It Is an excellent Idea," eald M. de
San:ovar thou?htful]y; -Ii will write to
Shanghai for one at once.**
Tnas re-«=tabUshed In her grxard!an'»
esteem. Yalda began to insinuate herself
in his confidence until she became a dally
assistant in his cabinet, frequently acting
as bis amanuensis for private dispatches.
Ard at lengta her opportunity came.
A cipher dispatch from M. de ilura
vieff. the chief cf the Foreign Office at
St. Petersburg, arrived while the Minis
ter's secretary wa* absent en a bunting
excursion. Yalda wrcte down the inter
pretation while M. de ?atao\-ar deciphered
it by a code which he drew from a locked
drawer. Valda made a note cf tbe drawer
and of the manner In waJch her guardian
us<:<i the cipher. It consisted cf a ciece
cf s.;srcii cf the same slxe as the ofaclal
dispatch paper. r-i*rt-ed at iaphasaWs by
i»rrcw s^t* USe the perforations oa a
sheet of autf-ntatsc music. iL de Sansovar
placed tnis perfcrate-3 board over the dis
patch and rtad cut the scattered words
wiich reziaired invtsihle; tien he ttrmed
to a page in a srtail book which- bcre the
title cf f.-.r- — <•¦«» Prayer, and as Va'da
Fr^Uf-d cut tie wcrds she bad takes dswa
tie Slinlsttr suhstitnted fcr eacn letter
arcther !et:er of the alphabet. WT-at the
Sna! rt5t;*t was sh» could n<t see. far th*
*it:p»Jfate S7^st?na was Intended to iiie tie
THE 5- G.'S NEV; PICCOLO PLATES.
A fenrfsit Later occ=rr*3 th* R^ssiaa
ball, perhaps the ntc^t n~tib"e*- event cf
th* Peking trirrt^r s*a.so=. «a *s©5int cf
ti&s- srreat «fx* and r= afn.i^-re^ce of tie
ballroom fa this !earsrj-?a. aa*i the runnia?
cf a special g-3*r: train frors Tlestrtn tar
th* occasic-s- T*» or three y^abesats
are aJways »S««ei t» £* frcx«-a sp ta t^*
P*iHo 2is a winter garrtscn f :r the ssrth
ct p«3rt. *zd their ©Ccers f«m&i a *e
ff~Btit» qobta of dasgtr.x s=-^3-
Tiestrfa lsa» srvihZ^g wiat^virr to *••> drr
iz^s Mbe winter <xc?p<: ta a=r»e irseif. ani
cc^y a !i£k of heie! acc^ntn5c«latic3 an-5
a eatlmal o5s>»cii.T3 to jwtsca wx2a yr*
ts.c;*»5 a Jarg* pm>irti*3 ©f !ts pup-iia
sioc fries resSSI:::? fc tJse capi^i. As !t
¦5t3l». Piiln? wa* acre i=jc?Jz&& v> ezzzry
itsctS Jsifi> Tj*tsutri fai vfc.-* versa. ;*¦*
zcidt *f ~j;-'*>*r/* aae5 gaiyetT ca=15
t&nira the s«r»e & t'x*ss «=rj fear wsSei
Juried behi»J Use *->-=:t«r ti2j ef Pe-
Wrg: *=-t .the f<sr*fc= 3*tt>=-e=t3 d
T5«stir:3. sci-r3tt*ii t« :sSQ<»- *x-*t Ir-;=i
Uie wali*^ =2^ve city, were Ctfi cf f^r
e:gn life. Cae stores and <j;«3 =etals«i
street?, and then- a ITrrrsj'ean cr A=-*ri-
Tft&JKZzz&t h.ist2itles <Sd pot <^ essr««
tnierfsrs ihe s-^rfa* izZxT-zsfZTsiz be
tween, tie R-ifjia^ lejatioa ard the
S=p«riaiescy GeneraL asd. a.s ar^al ea
rscia ,©<?cc_£icri?. 3£r. Pericsr-i cilt?tas!y
ieat ci$ card for the t-*zlz^. A^i ie
went 5ti2 further: ie put in an appjar
isce himself- Tie a^-Ir cf tie disjatrh
misfit *t 2*=y tl=:e be«>=s« pcbiJr. and »i
was €^5?r.tral to provide against anythi--:?
so dl*&*zrczs sjs an opin rupture with th?2
Wfcea iZrr Perisorf #!*rp*3 in. naok
*«rv«sL l»;« in Um eveninr. the Ctiae*?
fc3r:d wma playirs an dd ywe»t waltx
¦sfcich wis fcis partie-slar firori'e. asd
wMth fee l»e= a; p»rsc=il pains
tare renderM fces-stiiiiUy; b«t wisea he
caz?ht the strains he wsj disjtppcintei.
The c-'iirsating; fceasty cf a certain pas
s^se fcjiJ &e*a pr-jdsoed by tse piocoia.
acd fce XEe-sr that x->-ci5ai ziat Unlc Crt
snrph won::«i ** smut?. Tie ptrcclo a
as ea*y chins' to> rzake a n.'Oise on. tut
c&e ©£ the hArdejt irsstrssseats to cse ef
fectively in CJ^J23:-M Witii tWO S-OOT9 Of
flu:es and traapets. With iu ti=- t»
everyttins: and since the L?ss cf tie only
playir fae had t-eea ai>!e to train he had
cot i-.-iz. : a. sarisfactary s=b*tittjte.
Wist was bis delisht. then— f;r tie
whcie soul cf tLis hard-wcrke-1 csaa wen:
into thi« only recmti33—^rhat wa* ht»
deiiitt to tear tte 1 - - 1 silv«ry trd cf tls*
rpcaiin^ wElstl<» >o.i3 ta ax tie acr^ssioa:* 1
pijsa?*. S'_s ex=t«erar.t p-rpe Sung out with
the ei?c an3 rr?ci5icn of a ***Ttgr
p'iyer"
iir. Pericord. an cracc- stc=:**5 !=teres.t
liz'z'.izz up his t*.re2 «ye*. aiarrt =.<ar*r
to the staad £=d locked at h!s pe: j«r
fomers. la the c-=.:?r. facias ih4 con
ductor, cat an ursurircrnveid box «f r*
pwtir»hu $r<3Jtx. c^ad ia a psrp> s^k
kua-tza. Tb* baUr&ca i"2-« clc**. azi
sever*! ci the p^rfcrr^ers had removed
tieir cap*. Tfce bey was f~irtiHT coa
spJccccs in ti* s!i£-i<:w by tie ejcre*Ci=.5
w^itenei5 cf fc:5 fhaven forehead, fra=:<i2
ia a charc^r? frrou? c* rrL-:J*s a
¦wornarfs exrahu. His cseue was sagtiiil
ceTsiiy tilck z-rsd glc«sy. and its £Hkea ia-»
se! lay coi3«S ca tie Coor i?y ais c?: ».:r.
tiumtcs that it woul^ reach t» his fctels
wh»n sia-diasr. Brt a?aia and ag-ai=.
Uie wii:eness cf his fcreaead
cav;tt ire «ye- It was a whltenescs c=e
s«<5 in a less de^rte ca & Chinariin's
head after his wteily shave. But cse
wea2d sar that the snowy scalp had cevtr
before b?ea exr>os«l to tte air unccvere<i.
Tte eCect cf it. over the mere swartty
fac* and purple jacket, was startling and
biautiiul liie th»f aureo2e cf an angtL
And tlie boy was playlns dlvlneiy.
~Ii Is a great liberty I have taken, sir."
said 1L As Eaaovar. *tut how ccuia I
resist— I, who love £s« rau«ic ©rjy les<
thza your ExceHencT? The l*d o=e up
with, on* cf ray gcesss frcia Tientsin, and
when fce beard yCcz zs.z-.-Z play, fce bergwJ
£0 earnestly to take a part that I avowed
hin to arrange it with ycur ccnd^ctcr
durin* supper. Asd fc« plays *t^, does
be Eat?"
"I ¦will ask your Excellency to Introduce
me to th* lad's raaster," said Mr. Peri
ccrd. witio^i cc^imittiag hirsself to mere.
V."i*n he found that tb* gaest In question
was a P"Y€nc3i=a3 la his owu strvict, h-a
did net hesitate to re<r-est the transfer
cf the youth. If he had been a Russian
outsider, be zsig&t nave bad suspicions.
Ms. Perleord stayed longer t»»i tis
usual quarter cf an hour, which was the
most he vo-efcsafed to a public enter
taiczseat. He appeared to linger an<i to
look &bout bins cseaslly.
"I da cot t»A Miss Berlakoff," te s -i?j
to his hos^ "I tnsst that ray presence is
net renponsihle for her absence- She is
ofZes&cd wltb tae. perliapsT'
"Irapc«*ib!e. my dear Mr. Pericord. It
Js ray ward, on the contrary, who wot^d
E«*ra to owe you an apology. However
it U simply an ordinary indisposition
v;b!ch keeps her to ber room to-nlgnt."
"I Inter/Jed no unkJndnesa, I carae here
this evesJnc with the hope of removing
th« tad impresslcn she ha* conceived of
me. Perhaps 1 mlsht ask your Excel
lency to convey that intention to her I
will 60 mjt+M the honor of calling* on
1'fss Eeriikoff to-morrow." .
•Too late/* murmured M. de Samovar
to h!nis*5J<
Vfteti, on th<j following day. Mr. Pcri
ctn6 called at the embassy he received
tfcw* astounding news that Valda had <51s
tkppemreA.-
"I can only sappoae." »ald M d« Samo
vsr Jndlftetcfltly, "Ibat she has eloped
vitb the gentleman vnho recently left
y»or service, ilr. Blak« probably slrpp«d
In tunor.K th« crowd of guests from Tien
tsin. The r?8tih» of ber Indiscretion t>e
&n h*r own head!"
Mr. Pericord seemed strangely moved.
H« stood for some momenta lost la rcsr-e'
ful thought*.
"We tan trust no one." he said at
length sadly, taking b.:s leave.
If tb© mysterious disappparaaco ct
•-esjfcallss tSue tsrrmrtAca €Zxx7VttTtzrm
cf VaMa. ttr«« w»*i* laS*r *&z*»A • T «"
ftaii« «rar^»:. Aj» fca st« f.*m=^r «*»• t_«
*rjfs»-*y«4 b<?7» bad *&« «» tontsa
zslscs *»3 ta* Tl«=tjsa c#w*5«s*r r»*»r .
*4 no arrtraJ «f * «a-)ov*3 yvs=« la^r
frcss Pefcis*. Ti* cs«=t«r» cf ts« ers
ta*ry pre*erT«»5 sa'efSdai «GesiCe tlzzZZar
to th*t fsipr,*^ «s tfc* rrrecse ts**» r«-
S*r«:=5 KUfc*. Of iawsr**. Lry*2isss-«tT*rt
•h« h*.-! elcped with E3ai« *r--2 ti*r w«
either fcM:c« to tiie CjsJc*** <iiT «T ha-!
left Pek^ue oVerlasd. Tfc*T =l«t:t h»T*
iolaed a ' <rr ?: e*ra.v*= i^r Bsn^ v-i
Klatka «r they d?tt ta?e ?s=* d- ws to
SiarstaJ by «=aJ ooat via Ch*=as *=.!
Chicklas?; protaLtiJT tis# l2.Vi*r. as th«
pert of Kz-zr.ar '•."..: J» ccrrr «is»«d by i*»
ard Is fa M-weeiJy »:«^a=ier erj=s«rt^;a
with TcVch^jra a^ H-,r.?i.-.=JC f?r An*.-
ica or E^crrr5«.
The nret*t slrrslar poi=£ aicrst Cm af
fair *a* the «*r=arii=:t7 cf h«r ?-iar^-*=.
M. in SzzxrrzT. lit *yp+zx*4 to no *ar
<ajtrw»ed. **Toti=« P*flp?« w53 t« ycrrr?
people." wa» all t« *afc4- Ai4 ax »«i
after week west by nMssrZi. tx? reajpeat.-
anc« SL it Ezsiorzr »«*r5*4 fc> sro'*
quite, cheerfc!. as tf a tcauJ had fc**n re
noTtd frca fcl» r=is«J- TTi*= Mr. Yzr-.
cord ore day r<f*rre»J It. a. l*%srtSli sian
ner to tie caH rc&brry b* rrjKo-5 with •
cordiality which aJ=ss*t '-...- *:^. cf trl
craph: '
"Oh. that £.>«r-'t tr-?si*« c» at aH.
Mr. Pertccrd. I. a: I*»yt 4 \r.*z oeCtlae
I *in afraid you were th# esJy l*-i*r/'
la the rsearrt^ae tfc* c*w S««*S&i-> ?'-*Ter
discovered at th* Xl'!^Ka» t/xZ ia-4 b«ea
p'^ced en the n^rzgth tt th* S- O.'» pri
vate band. Fcrther. be i*4 i-wa takes
i=to ilr. Pertoeri"* sossei^l* a* * tnz>
bearer or »*ccr:<i bey. Vj **?* ti=a fr---a
tie risks which J=ix±t *t«r^! r=ra * r»
niirkah-e beasty aJi c* pctss^ewrf- Tt« lr
wait«-5 at the i=f?r=i%- rJTi-* '-f :±* *--
p<srt=te=<Ie=cy arui t*r.*=s« tovws a*
"GazeCe Ey**-" Hl» *arr_ax*. ii* pc=:
l=y treast. hi» gra«fs3 c*iJi^ *«r? t»
jrtsene-llie as tl» £s« ey^w- ffj««s£aii'u=J
were ssaie a« £» tH «r3E£= *s«fl ir »»*
cr.rt-^tsA r*-n' t* w*j» «s» «." t&em rtrzm
ar«s at=c=* C£!=**e. * <&ntfxo.Ztz£. '~J*
Pirs«* cr Amjjtaa »- :.csr^» w^rt» 0;
wtrk !3 T *- Bad Sbe=*L Jt5*5 C««CS»
Eye* sail ia ys~T<e fstts "*1i«"jrssrS s2«
«1"
Th* yr^>rr rz=* «f <its»O 2Trw ?*»
ta CKsre war* ti.t= *• & stesstt» 5C*y*»"-
His k=«wteii£- c* Ibe i?t2t«» <2sea«itr»
ef fcifh- Tt7*»-"r« arrl of £2« CsiScsc*
wts =imSc=i. E* «e25fiz2=»S tt ST *O
::? -riit hi» cscie «raa «s* «sf Cs*
e==eh* cf tfefl pt2ajy». «iJE±»tc*s ca* csv
=:j.-;*a ar* K=T5na«rf; fia fee "wSiimis: s^S»
siiss. This W3«si5 5iiT» yc-Tfe«iiCy rarsf^t.
TS'ir.s'j (£i£=±33a3. &r Hr, ?«torrf * esa
«-.ir- :•;•¦:•.;:•.:• t: ; « --» »r:_ur.:- rT
*^c«« frcsa t£» fcecaeSwiS. Ita* aec Cia Izt
tsrzzZ ®otatrics t? jrs^-* is» irjaT^r ta s
i»r7 stzzrZxs ajr-i ¦jas«e4 «=i£ms3£«
Tt.< f=ci>i*Et <w: . ¦ : *¦! ti csaa cS ti* S.
G.'r nesz&ss*. UN wif-e «f a *rr3rrr ».•
siKars.- wSo £ic=s±s *£* <rg!ht » 1« (Sat
wtf* cf a. Cs=£aflsr»r. iasS *3i 5e=»ia a»^
e - ojg«J Hat Vsszs. irxii:i«>2 isr «j'jaLr» -?°»
cZ z 9 *"'"* tt* &.G- ts t«r»t-2. It was oaa
cf th» wc=2f3 "wiso tfci spciea cf ter Ch
iSsshiry Isff'rjllcer* ia lie cr«3esj» *«ff
Va-ia. -"W£a.T t» c^ezs is Itr** si* fcxi
t<r_r:?t cct cf ?a;a. ti^-.'* ill"" "Or a i*?x
«-f eassiies frrra ti# F*ishal"" «s$pfT :»i *
lapi-ss ccd«ff r»«rsiirT wtSJi sixstrrHi
straw i*ir.
Ti:s *rc=.i-:. & Btqct ar,i * > i,«t*w" l f
had drzs^ed the r?r^trti=t SL G.
tato a shaiy ctrner ef ti* ec^si»TTata j j'
arcc=d fcts ceti.
-Oh. tcrf.xe =e. Hr. Peri^srdr s^?
«cil--w5 lieatrtsa^r. ~I "r,j«u help it: I
r=ust ten J-5TS. !f t»*c y-jir:sJi ra» rre^ Pe
kiz? t4>-E=crr^-=r- T<ra are to ioarty. O5y
I wiii I cic"-J ia msjt&Ssx tc hrir* a
¦=£?« to yczr -C'-ar BglTg
Not. ilr. P^rz-ccrl «« ecir 2«s!i sad
Kcod. az>! tie aort «S r.^T w!i3. betas
far t>o 4iS<;*rt to =iii»' alTtr-r** hf3
s*If. w«3 liahl? to fall an »a«y rrrx ts
wcek: atrfacious «c.->-3art; to sak? J^sv* ;?
k*~ !• ts. therefore, oat ir=p5asi>i? i2sxs
ilrs =^£h: hare tbm «rd tier*
captrrei h!» pxr^tz.^ firry tz12z1*zZ1t ?•>
entire bi=» 5=ta s^rz-e i'ar^Jtnttoa •wifieii
te watiSJ cwiiit arcs? fsr tr s*sr2!sff
hf r hzshsrd da-sx— wtti a yggssgra— fc3-3
r=?t:o= e*=s* rri^a K-fi-ifer. tie rircais
hi=4 a sirzh asd saJ S b i Tc£f« <af
breathless pajj^r. Is ChTzcgg:
-Sicp. roaster: she Is *.»s2=x rr=! «i-»
hss ti!3i?^5 it all irrer wltja i*r ¦*
arid the c'Jxr w-r=er:. a=s5 they tr? mn
wi!^25 t-3 s« hew Jie r^rcwix. X99
wtil see h-ew ther took at y^s= *h«r: y^rz
1= the fi-re of sraca «a g-.-fj-»»r~-» »-?—*
c? rran cz-^Li b? *ip^c:«'3 to smiles 5st».
eren !f he "»-?re 2»«3 »?2*i*Jxe tixn tie
bashrsJ S. G.. «=4 3£r. PerJ^ccrf aiTTSTst^r
iiK=lsis*<S sis sirea e= ti« «x«r=s» tis.
tcilzrss caHe-d fcba. a=3 s^rp?4 tnj
a taci d0O£. He «it fcr tie icy ia
repriTBasied Tr.fra *".ih s*T»Ttr7: bsr K-«
i;«=i w^s i': " - ta ci^e a sat^sia^rtsrr rwtso:
fcr his i=«tr'sai:-c3. Cisc^rg- sexern Szj
Ush speafczsr V55-5 zs his *zthcr!ty. aa
the 5. G. fsd-f*. hx bear^ as; c=£r a?
pe»J*d b=t ass'^s^S &s£ gratelsi. To «&c'
a j«ni rtT^ . «-i^-^.»** »^ »** r.-^^e^ a« a^* i li-i-c
sar?s hiss frtsa it is prc7>cTtic=»te!:
erteensed: hut to arx can Jess a«r=»
toi=e<5 t» srari^tsss AeTotioia t2taa ti« S
G- ¦w^s. tie »=?»r. alza-cwt tie JeaLl-oss i«a
cf Kcel-I!ea*s interrupt: ca wjc!J ta-r» ip
peared recarfci'Mf. Chi=e*«e are fazthfr
serrants. but ?h«y are sot apt to i-rrr
fere 1= tilm vhieh dsrs't cc=cera ties
CHAPTER XTZ
P.rSSlAX DIP1.OM-VCT.
A ¦week or two later asctber s>rt cS
clards 5t!re loyaity was traced ta th« rrw
hry. which ec-'.d net fail to cs=vts» 2Ir.
PerlcortJ of Ms tmsrwcrrMness* asi, t^
e»«J. It conT*.=cT~a Mr. Pcrir-^r-tS zt s»^=#
startlirs 1 thirr» besides.
Ween the tews reached P*5£rr th*t
ere cover had been st:£en Src=a ti.»
mailbas 3£. de Samovar ha 2 BBM t-=> li*
extent cf repeating Its ccnttnts Vy win*
ever the Siberian system. Thrr? fsISrwrf
a successian of telegraph!; ee=3=3i*-
Ucns. with delays between, which c»t>
vlaced the Chinese Goven^a ret that
scsething cf the highest tapcrtar.ee wss
being discussed. At leasrth. In February,
the Hinlster reeelved despite te*tr»«tcisis
from Count MurarleS. Ttoe iae***ir* ra»
as follovs — but. cf course, ia -cipher:
"Boer war ty no ceans finished— !>.•
land's hands full for another six nOBiftS-Z
A-ui-.V.io active — Ciiit«sJ State* c*irr*ct
spare 'troops from PhUipr-iaes — Prr&rdra
tlal ejection, antl-lnsperiaM'rj, Mrs f.^r
ci;n enterprises— Japan, finances km; sew
cruisers not finished: strike. Push 'r**r!
cord appoint Russian Commission ?r NTu
chwar.-. Demand Tscns li Yas:?n aa
British on Shar.haiiwan Railway, an4 osr
nominee. Hsu. to be Govera:>r Muk<3*n.
If obstinate, secret backiris Er-g*Tta<5 *»3
•America or Japan, foment. Assure T— —
support- Instruct Ccns-1 Gfr^ral T5<-:>
tsln prepare seise Taku Railway. Ms«:
strike within six months cr E-oIxrts r?.* :
for China."
Then M. de Samovar paid an e;-:i:
vUit to the Superintendent cf Rev«r.ui«*.
and Informed bias th*t It wtnaM facmtat*
business if a. Russian ncasinee .w«Te aj»
pclnted to tic Goxnsissioncrshlp oJ Ma
chwacjf.
Mr. Pericord received the <!eai*:r:.2 with
bis usual grave poateaess «ad *»>ir*<i3 bis
Excellency that b* wcisu |r<v* th*'rat
ter his attention: bat .wita i£* M;-^tf
had rone the S. a, w»» «, |^j*r a^e
to maintain bis rjjn ©* ts^liTtt*^^*"*. To*
demand, w*s r r.vi»r;r staUiar tci Cj» *fia
ure ©x Pen Arthur 4^tr li* J*^:-«
had captured tu
TTECE SITNDAT CAIJi.
Ccatin;;** st« S^2»*y.
14
VALDA
A ROMANCE
OF PEKINGThe Camera Catches the Flea Five Thow
sand Times as Large as He
Really Is
RpHE eye of the camera has been
| brought to bear upon the flea. Con
11 siderinjj the difficulty with which the
human optic meets In trying to ac
complish the same thing this is a remark
able feat. Vreo and untrammelcd the do
mestic flea has Ions cavorted unon green
pastures, so to speak, in defiance of direct
human investigation u:td it remained for
Fred Cloulman, a photographer of Bos
ton, to produce photographic results, as
shown in the accompanying 5000 times en
larged reproductions.
No. 1 shows the festive creature In a
pose of Impending action. The long hind
legs are poised ready for a leap that,
were the flea an elephant, would . carry
him twice and a half around the earth,
allowing a distance proportionate to the
relative size. The accompanying two
pairs of assistant legs also shown are
simply aids In the clever "cive and cet
away" tactics of the active little creature.
The small pair of antennae at the front of
the head are reserved for the attack of
prey and it is these that are responsible
for much human woe.
No. 2 shows an enlarged photograph ot
the head, lees and antennae and No. 3
the antennae alone. In the point3 of tho
antennae the poison of the Insect is con
cealed. When the flea goes dining it la
the antennae tfiat aro prodded Into the
flesh of its victim and through them th<j
b!ocd Is absorbed, the poison being emit
ted in the process.
It Is lamentable for San Franciscans
that Mr. Cloutman's irt does not extend,
further than to the photographing of th«
fiendish insects. Did it portend the dis
covery of some meana for the permanent
extermination of the species his photo
graphic triumphs might be pointed out
and preserved with gratitude by a Ions
suffering public.
rll'af, palaces and parks of all the old
time seven sove-reignties of Italy. His
civil list was only 15.0j0.000 francs, or
rather Hre. and he had to make allov.
eners out of this of two or three millions
for other members of the royal family.
But thtre is much of solidity In the tem-
X^rament of hi? successor that bodes well
for the new reign, and compensates fcr
this deficiency, as does also the sternness
alluded to above. He passeO his last ex
amination in history before Generals
Ricott 1 . ConseSZ and Rosi. as well as hi?
teaching staff. The generals had lived
the history which they passed In review,
hut both they and the other examiners
declared that the Prince, as he then wa*.
had describr-d analytically and syjithetic
ally the me-rlts and demerits of his great
grandfather. Ch.-.rles Albert, with all the
frankness of a most radical historian. He
ha<l no illufions. nor did he desire to fos
t<r them in ethers. He is now possessed
of the same ha.ppy deficiency of imagina
tion, fcr three years later he made his
3: Ft journey in tho East, and on his re
torc met one of his former tutors, who
huzcrxted that his Royal Highness should
write an account of the tour. "I cannot
writ* jt." the Prince made answer, "for
I rannot tell the truth." Defective in
when the King was about to take the
oath in Parliament he was approached
by the Prime Minister, who, by a mistake,
proposed that tho Deputies should be
sworn. "According to the constitution I
should swear first," answered the brave
little scholar-King, quite seriously, rig
orously and quite worthily of United Italy
and its iron crown.
with his Queen, partly on foot and partly
in a. hired cab, to the site of the railway
disaster which has come to cast a new
gloom over the darkness of thi8 fated
summer, that he has obliged his Queen to
return and that he will remain on tho
spot until the service of succor, etc.. is
fully organized and working. Thus he Is
already treading in the path of popularity
beaten by his father and which earned
for that monarch the title of Humbert
the Good. > ! »
Lastly and pour finir. It 13 said that
Cont!rurfl from Pago Thirteen.
The ||V^ K^ ©F TiaTy,
Imagination, he may be none the less a
seer. In the literal and intimate sense that
Carlyle conceived of. Seldom was- a seer
more n< • ded — but it would be too long to
cnttr upon any considcratlor.s lying out
tide of his pcr?onal character.
His first acts up to the moment at which
I am penning these lines are very few,
but tht-y do not labor under the diaad
vantage of being difficult of interpreta
tion. though they do not suffice to afford
a definite forecast of his reign in every
respect. First his Ministers presented
him with simple and poetic casts of a
royal proclamation and he recast them
and drew up a spirited" one, which ha3
¦won universal praise and which may be
regarded as his own by something differ
ent from mere adoption. Then his speech
from the throne which was, I have rea
son to know, su more truly his. has a
ftron? persona intonation, s in almost
every detail well inspired and is resonant
with frankneF? and courage. Next it was
endeavored by three various and potent
h^r^, * d< V h ,l m f r , om * oU ™ in S
the remains of his father in tne grand
funereal papeant of August 10. when the
Inited States was conspicuously unrep
resented. The reason was a well-founded
foar of an anarchical outrage. The third
person who attempted to dissuade him
was the gencra , and alde de camp who
wa8 with hls father at Monza on fata ,
n , Knt and lrom whom tne st comes
me . »e mio dovere di andare. eel andrb;
e mi sorprende che debbo rcpetcre tante
volte , a stes «.. a cosa ." (It ls my duty to
go. and I shall go. and it surprises me
that i should have to repeat the same
thing so many times), was the significant
answer.- Again, he has already shown the
large-handed and large-hearted benefi
cence of his father. Further, as I write I
learn that he has gone at dead of night
whale, whit-h. floating ashore, providing
them with many comforts; but why the
raven was favored Is a mystery. They
erected a temple to the sun on Catallna.
Island. But the padres of the mainlan.l
ser.t Indians to destroy the beautiful tern-
(Copyright. 1S». by R. Garner Curran.)
HISTORY is wcU r .igh silent about
a race of people who once inhab
ited the numerous islands lying
off the coast cf Southern Califor
nia. Surely these strange people deserve
a place In history, if tor no 6ther reason
than that they were an uncommon lot of
ab ::s\r.i s.
scattered along the coast for a hundred
miles and distant from the mainland frbni
tv.. ¦:-.:>¦ to thirty miles, are a number of
Bmall islands. Tpon tbeee^teiands a rac-
•«n>le lived and thrived long before
olurnbus sailed wrstw-ard to find a new
"¦:»d. And whcn-CaLri.io. that boid mar
iner whose prow was !iret to cleave the
v. .-, r > of the calm western bca. c^nie
..ere. he found ,h t m hv.r.g in p*-a6e a::d
J-'s. islands are remarkably dissimilar
m t.Kir natural characteritaa. burnt of
thtm : re nothing ir.cre than sreat rocks
upceaved from the ocean, bknk and l>ar
rtn an.1 fiesolate. rrhDe others are iierpet'
ualiy cioih^u in semi-tropic vtrdure, fer
tlle atid beautiful. Upon these is.ands at
eo a time as the year isu5 thete lived
fusiy ten thousand human bungs. Eleven
years more and not ono of (htm remained.
what terrible agent of destruction
•wrought this complete annihilation is yet.
*.nd doubtless era will be. a mystery. But
the archadoglst to-day finds unusual n.
u-rist in the relics of this almost xorgot
itn race. And m. wonderful story may be
read rrom the t.urying gruunds and village
si.t*. the uten?ii>, aa<i urnamccts, la^n
kiho o| >:.)•¦..-. uoijf anu saeu, left oy
these I»-oj;i,-.
i he#e iM.tr.d people, judging by what
we may learn of uur.i now. ic-a an almott
IGeal nfe. They nude uracucju u.-l- of
everjtbins mat came «!;:!> thejr r.andr,.
J r-.ey captured ih.- ae* otter, st-ais ana st-a
lion^ ar.d useu tilt- skins i^r ciotnms lur
moccasms. and for ih" coverings of their
louses, ¦ihe houses had an Inner covet
lr.g ,it woven mass upon a iraai"
made of tht? rihs <f lue Viuue. Ail tjic
b'ir.ts of animals captured cither dpun tn
lasd ¦ r ::i th- !-t-a were utilized. ta*aioaed
into awls, oeeaiea. tips tor Bpearv anvi
other instruments tor me ci.ase or toe
• -. mesCc use. Th.- iceth «f an. maid wtr<_
pert rated and used as Iteacs or orna
m«n:s of various kir.us.
The methods employed by these Intelli-
Erent people In securing thf ir food and pre
j>arir.K it w<-ie curfpua and Interesting. A
btm'ioer from the beach wou»d be selected
for a mortar ana the tasit of hoJowlng it
out wv ulj be begun by taking a hard
n:ia'J none In the- hand and ix.-cA.ing away
tsm-n iiarticles of the bowid«.:. lasnionmi;
It into the s-ize and shape desired. Doubt
less months *j! toil were required to marie
om of these vessels st-iviceable. Into the
mortar, when it was complete<l. seeds of
various k:nds would be piacea arid
ground to a powfler. to b«= afterward mad>;
Into a douph. from which a «.inu of cakt 1
or tortilla was made. This was ba«tcd
Up d J'.at sior.es heated to white lieat. The
aoaione. a species of phelltish. lurraed a
article of food, but the flesh had
• pounded to a pulp to render it ten-
C( r » nough to eat.
The Islanders indulged in tho smoking
hat>it. Drtod leaves vi*>r«» smoked in pipes
which crcre btiiutifully wrought of t-tons
Into many airitrcnt shapes. They pro-;
d ¦ . ::re by rubbing two sticks togetner.
Their metnod of fashioning arrow-head-*
and r;jear-points from the hard, liin.y
r'.'k :s remarkable A piece of stone witn
cleavage was selected and a flatce similar
in si»e to the point desired chor-en. The
flake \v;i^ laid in the palm of the hand. In
the other hand thf arrow-maner hold a
i »-<¦(¦ «->T hard bone ground to a point, and
With r, peculiar lateral tiressure upon the
« • .- i fma!l pieces cf the flint were
ctilpped off with accuracy and the desired
chape given.
Hammers were made by taking a r-'und
fi"n<- and Ftreiching over It a piece of
th* oncured skin of some animal, which
niso covered a small portion of the short
hardle of wood. The instrument was put
to flry in the sun. and when dry and the
Fktn had been cut away from the tvvu
fares of the hammer it was ready for us".
Cups were made of ehell: fishhooks of two
sharpened pieces of bone tied together
wi'h sinews. Beautiful ornaments were
made of the brijrht-hued shells found on
liw tfai-hes. and uteiiFiis were
made from the same material, as well as
from bones.
There i>- pood evidence that the inhabi
tants of the islands were not of the same
Sew«p:abje who inhabited islands of
CoTU'rpbUS SaT?ed. •
race as the inhabitants of the mainland.
1 lie theory which has betn advanced that
they were Asiatics seems well supported.
They were far superior In Intelligence t->
the mainland people, and many of the
Fkulis foui-.J compare favorably with ex
iting Caucasian species. The jaws were
broad, the forehead high and tne seat of
de*truelivenc«* well developed. They
vitro hardy, of good nature and pjs
stssed ul fcrcat physical strength.
When Jtan ilvdrlguez Labrulu. the In
trepid rVruifruese navigator employed by
Spain t'i » xptore th..* New \Vori<i. visile 1
;ii:s part of i1t» Western Continent, some
nfiy.years after Hie discovery or America
by Cclumbu*. ti-i lanied oy these islanns.
>u- found these pe..i»le. and it was a:i evi
dent 'act to I'.im iluu ihey had been there
a l.rg Ume. Whence they came he coulJ
not learn, For iv.o hundred and fifty
Shears aftor his rlsit they remained, and
ih<=-n tin j- vanished.
The few uhiie people who visited th?
Islam's while ihe> were n . U i peopled witli
this suange rate were chiefly Russian fur
tracers, who went there to hunt the sca
ctier and seal, which abounded in th«
waters atcund the islands in those days.
liifi recorriod that these heartless men
k!:!t<«! many of the island people for n»:
otner put !«.. ;=»• than to secure the fur cloth
ing which ih.:y .,(»r«3. The Russians also
brought Alaskan natives to the islands
an,1 Laught them the use of flrearn-.s nr>
that they m'ght be employed in killing
otter during Lhe nlnler months. Wh'le
the ships wore away the Alaskans amused
themselves by shuotin* the Islanders.
One tradition snys that a famine visited
the islands and carried off the people, but
it is difficult to understand how that could
bo. because the people did not crdtiva'e
tlio soil, living almost entirely upon iho
natural products .if the land and water.
Many varieties of fruit grew wild on siijk"
of the islands, and an'nralR and fowls
were numerous. while the waters teemed
With T:-h.
There is another tradition which says
ibat an epidemic of some sort visited the
islands and swept ov.ay all the people. It
lias «!s » bc-en suggested that the mainland
tribes may have been the annihilators.
Numbers r.f skeletons are found, however,
that w.re buried deo:> in the sand, in reg
ularly appointed burying grounds, while
others aie found that never were buried
at all. but lie just where the body fell
when death came. Very few of the skele
tons show any evidences of death from
violence, though some are marked by Rus
t-fan bullets.
Estimates ?;f tbe numoer of the island
pcrp!* are based largely upon the number
< f uzenstls found. und the extent of the
shell heaps near the villages, fcr under
neaUi these shell heaps are the graven
Trr- rrncrts r.f '"ahrillo in 154? and Vis
caino in I6GS verify the estimates in part.
The islanders worshiped the sun. the
Bword-lteh and the raven. The sun gave
them warmth.; the sword-J^sh liillccl the
pie. thinking, no doubt, that the island
people would find their way to the main
lana and exerclre corrupting influences
over their converts. Many skeletons aro
found near the site of this temple.
-
Archaeologists hax*e carried away tons
of relics from these Islands. Dr. Stephen
Bowers. Ph. D., and his son. De Mops
Bowers, were employed by the Smithson
ian Institution to gather a collection of
the relics, and a few months ago Profes
sor Holmes of the National Museum vis
ited the islands for the purpose of secur
ing a collection.
Stone, bone and shell and the various
The woman died finn after reaching
Santa Barbara, as the others before her
had done, doubtless of fright.
r Th!s is all. in substance, that has been
learned of this vanished race. They wera
Intelligent. Industrious, skillful and "brave,
and surely they are deserving of one brief
page of hist cry.
XV. C. HOG A BOOM.
After landing the iaianders at San
Pedro, the Peer rs Nada sailed to Mon
terey, and the woman and her child were
loft alone upon the desolate island an-l
forgotten. Several years- later Captain
John Xidever of Santa Barbara sailed to
the Nlan-1 in sertrob of pen-otter, anc i on
the beach f^und a basket made of sea
¦Reeds. In it were articles of feminine
apparel, made of skins-, ami other articles.
After a long search he found the woman
and took her back to the mainland.
'ib« laLst survivors of this rtmarkabl*
race "Were laiven from the island of San
ISK-nolas. a low, sandy, wind-swept reck,
lying about eighty miles off the coast of
Ventura County. The Mlsslgn Fathers
s> nt a sl-jop. the Pe<">r es Nada. to brine
away the remnant of the race. They
made little resistance. When the little
band v/as gathered on the beach, pre
pared to quit forever their desolate but
beloved homos, and no doubt tilled with i
great fear for the fate awaiting them, a
vourg woman m:rl'- s^n.s that her ch'li!
had been left behind, and so plteously did
»he appeal to the captain that she was
ptrmiufu to ku n> fetca the child. In
stead, she went and hid herself in a cove
near the beach, accessible only when tha
tide is at its extreme ebb. After a short
search, the captain, not caring to stay
longer on the island, as the wind was ris
ing:, sailed away without her.
¦\Vhen the body was burled it was
doubled ui>, with the knees pressed
against the chest and placed in the grave
fare downward. AH the bodies in ono
graveyard were placed with the face to
ward one point of the compass. Frequent
ly is encountered what may have bt-en an
attempt s.r cremation. Ornaments and
weapons were burled with the bodies.
Some of the skeletons were well preserved
while others turn t>> impalpable dU3t when
exposed to the air. Bantered over th»*
ground above the graves in great profu
t-ion arc found lironen parts of mortar.*
ana pestles, pipes, arrowheads, fishhook*
and ether articles, but never yet haa
t litre bten lound in a burying ground a
stoglfl article that iu not broken or
mutilated.
kinds of wood growing on some of the
islands were the materials the artificers
of this race had to work with, and they
made many singular article?, the uses of
*ome of -which have proved a puzzle to
the scientists even. Serpentine and crys
tallized talc or steatite were largely used
in the manufacture of cooking utensils,
charm beads, ornaments and combs.
b com shells and bones they made a great
variety of instruments used in eating. In
fishing and for many other purposes. It
Is interesting to note that many of the
articles found are quite similar to the
relics found by Dr. Schliemann in his ex
cavations at ATycena and Tyrens and that
nothing like them have ever been found
on the mainland of North America. There
Is also a similarity between acme of the
relics and those ..f several race3 of the
stone ape found in other parts of the
world. While implements of warfare are
Fometimes found in the graves, there 1*
little to indicate that the people were of
warlike disposition. Evidences of battles
are found, however, In the shape of bonen
with Fptaineacia embedded in them, but
these are rurp
In 1805 They
Hiumam Beaegs,
Not One of Them
WONDERFUL STORY OF A VANISHED RACE
¦
THE bUiSUAY CALL.
15am quite convinced that the shell and
pea game is a Yankee improvement on the
Sacs' and Foxes' moccasin and clay hall
game."
"That explanation Is all very well for
the pionter West," said an Eastern Dro
fossor, "but the explanation won't suit
the effete East. It might pass muster it
it were rrot for the fact that In my work
in archaeology in Rome last winter I had
this very \ matter of gambling games
thrust persistently under ray very nose,
and I found the 'games of the golden
cups,' played in ancient Rome, was the
modern shell and pea gamc;~i; was copied
by them from the effete Greeks and was
almost identical with the to many of us
painful experiences with the shell and pea
games of degenerate days. Probably in
'the light of your ethnological Indian dis
coveries the French Jesuits, carrying
French wnu Roman seeds of v:-c In the
folds of their garments, in the forms of
pastime's uf recreation and skill, showed
your Sacs and Foxes this little game some
.time in the sixteenth century, and the
;Bufctle but* improvident Indian used his
moccasin and the little bulls of earth,
which could always be obtained wherever
he might camp. I suppose the Jesuit
game of recreation in time ceased to be
known as harmless, as Indian after Indian
was fleeced of his few belongings."
"Even your explanation does not cover
pea frame Is really Indian In origin, but it
is East "Indian. Several years ago. when
I was in North India. I saw the shell and
pea game In the street. I thought as *ha
first speaker said to-night, that the g3nie
was American Jn origin, but came from
the clever. wits of the shrewd Yankee at
the racetrack instead of among Indians.
It seems the Indians never realized tho
trick's value as a means of gambling. It
Is a very old form of amusement among
the East Indian nation and Is really of
Chinese origin.
" "A very interesting fact about the mat
ter." said the importer, with a twinkle in
his eye, "is that as a matter of pure sport
I showed some boys the gaming propensi
ties of the American >people by describing
our manner of Ui;ins the little VhcIIs. It
delighted and amured them very much,
and since then I am informed that the
game Is very popular with the fakers who
practice gambling in that city. It 13
known as the 'American game.' So, gen
tlemen, having been born in St. Loui3.
you v.ill see that a pioneer Westerner dM
give points not only to the effete Ea3*
but to the really very effete East." r \
¦ ? .
Gutta percha In Sumatra and Borneo te
being exhausted owing to the reckless and
primitive way in which the tree* are
treated. The Philippine Islands will prova
an excellent place for profitably growing
gutta percha. .
showed the Indians how his pale-faced
brothers did practically the same trick,
which, of course, was new to them. I
the ground; In fact, does not go back far
enough," said a well known retired East
Indian Importer. "The little shell and,
The Heathen Chinese Gets the Credit
For Inventing the Shell Game
IT is a curious thing," said a professor
of the ethnological department of a
Western college" the "other night, "to
trace the origin of some of our gamb
ling games. I was much-surprised, a few
summers ago, wHilo tramping through
the forests in the Nortlfjvest on
a shooting and firhing trip, to
find the real home of the shell and pea
game. We stayed a few days. with the
Indians -of the Sac and Fox tribe, and
Were invited one evening to enter a little
game of real cards. Sorrie of our party
had scooped the Indians of nearly air
their -ready money in -the white man's :
proverbially better play,' when one of the
tribe thought toredeem the. honor of his
people by calling our attention* to what
. he called the moccasin ami ball game-It
was *a curious modification of the old shell
andj pea game, and- w.ts played by shuf
fling some baked clay bulls about the slza
of hickory nuts under overturned moc
casins. ''
"The natural clumsiness^ of the moc
casins made us inclined to bite at ; the'
game, but really it resulted in the same
disastrous results as with the neat Httle
shells in the land of the merry-gc-round
and racetracks. I was rather astonished"
to hear the Indians say . that the game
had been known in their tribe for over 200
years, and had originated with them. One
of our party improvised some little
wooden cups that did good service for the
¦ trim shells and with some borrowed peas
It Is said there are fewer divorces
among the Chickasaws than, with, any
other rac"> a? .people.
Locomotives are fired by petroleum resi
due on 13 per cent of the Russian rail
roads and Its use Is exclusive on the lines
of the Volga and on the trans-Caspian and
trans-Caucasian systems. The cond'tior.3
for' the naphtha used are complete pur
ity without sulphur, water or sand. It
must be of a greenish color, never black.
In order to provide combustible during the
winter period, when the transportation be
comes difficult or impossible, the llnea of
railroad using naphtha have. In certain
places, a scries of cisterns which contain
up to 2300 tons. The locomotives carry
their supplies ur.der the water tank of tha
tender and can thus place 5000 kllog^-ama.
The filling of the reservoirs is carried out
by a system of pumps and piping, t^sa ,
being protected against cold and &!«•<> 1
against the action of steam. A aeries of
metallic filters are placed in the cisterns
and reservoirs to retain sand and foreign,
eubstances.
Ithc window suits the light atrlrvs* of the
Ipnrlor In Its flyaway poses.
| A bewltchlne little corner scat Is a nov-,
iHty that, although not to be copied, may
Iprrhapn suggest something t else In the
! Tv'«y of cozy corners. It Is an upholstered
Ueat havini? a high cushioned back. The
family monogram, "J. C. C," is emblaz
oned upon the corner cushion. Above thin
if. an odd-shaped biacket. which Is really
all of ono piece with the bench, and upon
which ornaments find a rt.iir.ty resttr.3
place. The arm of the seat rises to a
• lamp standard. offering a tempting place
to read among the Fofa pillows.
A good sweep of rooms Is to h» foun*|
In the Hechst;u!ter house on Broadway.
Parlor, slttins-room. dining-room. all
open together in a long line ar.i spacious
ness Is the resulting effect. Standing at
the front windows you can look back
through the prim parlor, the open-armed
sitting-room, to the dignified dining-room
with Its high, oid-fashloned chair3 and its
handsome sideboard.
A combination of light and dark fur
nishings blends fortunately in the parlor.
Tale shades In the carpet contrast with
dark woodwork and furniture. It la
worth while noticing the absence of what
? eome artist has called "Utter"— a mass of
valuables, ornaments that fall of being
that. Only a few vases— those few g<v.d;
only a few pictures— those few carefully
chosen.
There's something worth thinking abDut.
GOOD TASTE CAN
ACCOMPLISH MUCH
IN MAKING YOUR
HOUSE ARTISTIC
there all over the room. Brass fire doss
take the place of a modern gas grate,
the • chairs are antique in pattern, the
mahogany tabio bu!g:es at the drawers
and dangles an array of brass rings as
did our grandfathers' study table. The
lamp, the photograph* the plants, the
fire, all look cozy and friendly and invite
you to stop and chat a while.
A novel idea suggested by this room's
design is the style of carved panels sur
rcunding the fireplace. They are great
bunches of fruit suspended, and they cor
respond with the fruit design in the bor
der.
A dainty pallor belongs to J. C. Cole
rr.an. It is l'ght and airy and Frenchy,
with white and gold tones illuminating
everything. The style of this room de
mands the flow of sunshine that it gets;
dim effects are for the warm, dark taang
ir.es of the Orient. The very marble in
are windows, and in the warmth of this
corner stand rows of happy, growing
plants. Small panes in the windows lend
oualntness. . .
This touch of old days Is felt, here and
owes part of its charm to, the architects
who designed fts shape. From the main
room oprns a sunny retreat .whose walls
THE ARRANGEMENT OF
A COZY AND
COMFORTABLE HOME
THE parlor and sitting-room of a
house have been called Its brains
and heart. That is why they count
so much. They stand for its char
acter. And there are a's many different
house character? as there are houses.
Tour siuing-roem is as expressive as your
face, if not more eo.
As for the dir.ir.sr-room and the kitchen,
thofp most material places, they are a
pood «>al alike, ju-t a? your way of oat-
Ing thrte meal? a day is a good deal like
year r-fijjhbor's way. It is in the mental
part *f your house that the difference
Shows.
Money can't accomplish everything: in
the v.-ay of house execrating, although it
mean? mere than the poets wjauM have
up r,eiie\e. The kind cf rooms that money
without taste produces are the room? that
you can ?ee Jn any first-class furnishing
house; they are for the purpose of ex
hlbitir.? goods. They have ar- much per
sonality as a woodshed.
Don't be afraid to lot your rooms show
that you live in them. This holds good in
the parlor as in the pantry. It is your
personality, not that of the upholsterer,
that counts to you and your friends.
Take the 0. C. Gros-s i-itting-roora, for
IzuEtaace.1 It i? a model in its way.
It is developed from the square hall and
developed so far that one almost forgets
what it started out to he. The broad
broken stairway leading from it is almof
the only mark of the hall left. Otherwise
It is a eittlng-room of the most ?? nelike
kind.
TMe Oriental rtigs sprawl over Its pol
ished floor. Thf chairs are chosen far
comfort, not forftality. and they stamp
their owners as hospitable. Nobody could
pink into that big v.icker rocker without
feeling at home. It is a cordial chair.
The table, too, is substantial and useful
book? on top and a shelf for the late
rr.asazlner^ h» low. Good reading lamps
Indicate that the books are more than
table ornaments.
Dearest of all spots in the household is
that old standby- of home making— the
fireplcce. This t-itt ing-room is not lack-
Ing. Few city homer, can afford the space
that a broad fireplace and chimney de
mand: trjt the pas grate offers conven
ience in the place of plcturesqueness.
Above the fireplace hang the Indian
trophies that show the sign of the col
lectcr's hand. Arrows and bow and bas
kets mount high toward the ceiling and
him at r.o end of stories in their making
end gathering.
Another ly^ie of s'ttlng-room belongs to
Mrs. I?aac Hecht. It is rather stately, but
loses rone of its comfort thereby. All the
chairs are huge and cavernous, the car
pet velvety, the fireplace generous. lights
against the ceiling glow over the whole
long locm. The pictures, hangings,
the ornaments, are all heavy, as befits the
maEEiven«rs of the room. An air of sub-
Elaatla] dignity pervades the room, from
the big mahogany legs of the furniture
all the way up to the ponderous scrolls of
the ceiling. A broad l>ookease of good
books occupies one corner.
Notice the flowers. They are the best
part of any room's furnishing. Or, per
haps. th*>y ought not to come under the
head of furnishing at all. but to be count
ed among the oecifpantB. It is delight
ful to afford such carnations and lilies as
these fresh every day; but without that
jrivilege a great deal of pleasure can be
had. Carnations will last for days if theij
ttems are ciipped and the water in their
vase is. changed. Wild flowers can be had
during part of the year for the. price o:
picking, or wild grasses, afc the same cost
Try to have a note of living green In you»
room whatever the season, if it be only
cr.e 25-cer.t umbrella plant.
Mrs. Reginald K. Smith of Jackson
street has a charming sitting-room, which
THE SUNDAY CA5t.
16Tears ago It was between the rests of
the bareback riders that he cut up didoa
with the ringmaster, and got a sharp
crack of the whip for his good natured
foolery. Once in a while he came on as a
dull looking countryman who had taken
more hard cider than was 'good for him
and undertook to ride a crazy headed
pony. But now he is loaded down with
accomplishments, and must not only be
able to grimace and Jest effectively, but
to tumble. Jump. ride, and what not. Some
dress that characterized his costume la
the days of royal favor, he has changed a
whole lot when It comes to detailed man
ners of entertainment.
and upon these are suspended the hlgtili
colored articles of raiment which giv«
them a grotesque appearance in their
arenic work. And talking about clowns;
this Jolly buffoon has a proud ancestry
that goes back to time immemorial. Mon
archs of olden time were glad to have him"
at hand and depended more upon him
than on doctors for healthful spirits. Al
though the clown still -wears the motley
appear as tramps, some as stags Dntch
. men and Irishmen, some as policemen,
some as overgrown boys, some as dudes,
some as animal freaks, and some go so
far as to achieve bizarre effects In the
dress of the other Bex.
¦
MARRIAGE CUSTOMS IN CHINA SEEM
RIDICULOUS IN OUR EYES
JHE marriage of the upper classes in
China is surrounded by a number
of very elaborate ceremonies, though
those of humbler station content
themselves with more primitive rites,
says the London Express.
Among the classes supposed to be better
off a great feast is one of the most im
portant items of the day's proceedings.
This, . which answers to the wedding
breakfast, is spread on tables at the east
and west of the dining hall. But. curi
ously 'enough, neither bride nor bride
groom is permitted to taste of the deli
cacies thereon displayed. Instead, aTmeal
for the "happy "man"- is 'spread; In ¦ the
courtyard. Before the ceremony he. makes
obeisance to his father and the wedding
guests, kneeling down and knocking his
head six times against the ground. The
father hands him a goblet of wine and
tells- him to send for his bride."
The formula In the bidding never alters.
It is .in the following ,words: "Go, my son,
and, seek your wife, and behave in all
things with prudence and wisdom." The
sedan chair, or palanquin, which Is dis
patched for the reception of the bride. Is
invariably painted red, and is often richly
adorned- with, paintings and carvings.. A
profusion of gilding is always one of Its
most characteristic, features. A large pro
cession, ; including a band, of music, is
always sent to escort_ the blushing bride.
Gay lanterns and banners, torches, um
brellas and. fans-are always carried in
the procession, not to. mention various
emblems appropriate to the occasion.
Thus a tiny orange tree, well loaded with
golden fruit, is taken along as a' symbol
of a large family. A goose and a gander
are emblematical of conjugal fidelity,
while a dolphin means worldly prosperity
and a high. position. The color of all the
paraphernalia Is red— the hue of rejoic-
ing. Red fans, red lanterns, red umbrel
las, together with red-painted palanquin
and the red costumes of the attendants,
make a bright splash of color. And with
the musicians blowing and thumping their
hardest, gongs beating, torches splutter
ing and flaring and lanterns gleaming, a
Chinese wedding procession appeals pow
erfully alike to eye and ear.
It Is etiquette for everybody to maka
way for. the cortege, and China's Penal
Code provides a severe punishment for
anybody neglecting to do so. •
Before the bride sets forth on her jour
ney to' her new abode, whither she Is
bidden' by a few ; lines written on red pa
per and presented by the friend of tha
bridegroom— answering to the vEnglish
"best man"— she does kow-tow to her
father and mother, drinks a last cup of
wine and, kneeling, listens to harangues
from her parents. on the new state of Ufa
into -which she is now entering and her
duties therein. These orations. In the best
style of Chinese eloquence, occupy some
time." meanwhile the poor. little bride, on
her knees, listens with what patience she
may .coipmand- .Ere stepping into the pa
lanquin she "veils herself in silk of tho
orthodox shade of red, then the proces
sion starts.
Arrived at the house, a curious cere
mony-takes place,' the' bride being pre
sented with a tray containing rice and
betel nuts. She must prostrate herself at
the feet of her future husband, to denota
her complete submission to his will. Then
the girl unveils, and for the first time tha
bridegroom sees his bride's face.
.Ancestor worship and- the aldoratlon of
the heavens and the earth are essential
parts of .a; Chinese marriage ceremony,
though the formal adoration of the ances
tral tablets does not take place till the
third day after the wedding. The bride
at the wedding feast must prostrate her
self before her parents-in-law, to whom
she gives wine. The mother-in-law In her
turn i>resent3 the bride with a cup of
wine. Three days after marriage a grand
visit of ceremony is paid to the wife's pa
rents. Servants laden with presents ac
company the newly, wedded pair.
extemporized dressing room. Is the great
est diversity 'of articles useful • for the
adornment .of * the., women-, performers.
Hats of every color and shape, .bodices
trimmed with lace, ribbon, flowers, chif
fons, and "> spangles; long skirts and . ab
breviated skirts, and the .ballet skirt of
tarlctan. •
Almost every woman in the circus wears
stays-f-amL tight, .too. The only exception
to this rule is the contortionist. The bare ,
back riders and the women who swing
in: trapezes: at- a dizzy, height experience
no inconvenience -from their stays. -and
find them ns Indispensable as any other
part of their wardrobe. .
.The circus clown has grown so In pop
ularity, and consequently: in number, . that
now.- a separate room is set apart for his
use,« and here it is that the male per
formers lounge and Jest and gossip in the
spirit of the greenroom of earlier theater
days.
Lines are drawn taut from wall to wall
The tent is 35 by 45 feet in size. The top
is rather low, with no visible opening for
ventilation. : There is no hardwood floor,
no yielding carpet, but cool matting cov
ers the; raw grass, or rank weeds nature
has placed there. If , there is a • heavy
rain this sanctuary 'Is safe and as dry as
punk, for the canvas top la .waterproof.*
In olden' times the impression made upon
a visitor to such a .scene was that he
had" entered* the habitation of a frontier
family. The walls of: the tent gave rise'
to such a thought. It is not so now, how
ever, for all the women vie In making
their respective little squares of ground,
picturesque spots surrounded by : por
tieres, with striking bits of color here and
there ; made' by' silk; tights and skirts
stretched against them. ' " .
. Lower down ; on the sides of the tent,
and withinj,reach but just outside of this
ing- room tent or mngnng Brothers* Cir
cus and peep at the preparations going
on there.
tridges (say $1040 worth) and a battalion
of the Coldstreams 126,000; wholesale
value, 52520.
In 183S the Royal Laboratory made
among many other things, O>.97!>,606 of
these cartridges, which, if placed end to
end, would extend from Woolwich half
way to the Cape; in addition to 1.043,712
other cordite cartridges intended for the
Webley pistol and costing nearly $12 a
thousand to manufacture.
Cordite, by the way, which comes In
handy as an explosive In so many ways,
costs from 33 cents a pound— not much
perhaps by the pound, but the price
mounts up when 945,560 pounds are manu
factured in the vear, as at Waltham Ab
bey.
Gunpowder varies in price according to
quality In a marvelous manner. One qual
ity of . which little is manufactured at
Waltham costs nearly $2 a hundred
pounds, while picric is quoted at about
$25 a hundred pounds; but powder at 15
cents a pound is generally used. Gun
cotton In two and one-half pJund slabs
measuring 6»>ix6Vfexl?4 inches costs 30 cents
a pound, and when by Its aid "Long
Toms" are disabled it is cheap at the
price. '
With regard to other weapons, .303
inch Maxims are quoted at about '$425,
without extras, by the Royal Small Arms
Factory at Enfield, while a handy Gard
ner-Gatllng chamber gun runs to about
$322 when taking a quantity. The , 63,712
Lee-Enfleld rifles turned out at the same
factory cost $13 CO each; 88,853 sword bay
onets. $1 70 each; lances cost $6 each,
without their flags, which run to 17 cents
each, and cavalry swords entailed an ex
penditure of over $4.
One interesting item in respect to the
panoply, of war refers to the cost of the
cuirass; the backs are priced at $12 25, the
fronts at $14 25 each;, but In addition to
these there are rivets for the shoulder,
straps at 13 cents a hundred, shoulder,
straps at 10s 3%d each, and various studs
and washers to be bought ere the LIfe
guardsman receives his gorgeous I steel
overcoat, which he leaves behind . him
when his "transport Is on tba tid*."
rush for the dressing room?, for perhaps
It Is past noon. Parade dresses are doffed,
street clothes are donned and then to din
ner. The women in the circus live well.
They have a cool, airy dining tent, with
well-set tables and competent waiters.
and the food Is of the best The table sei."
vice corresponds with that of the average
city hotel, where a rate of say 53 a day-
Is charged. There are several kinds of
meat, three or four kinds of vegetables,
two kinds of dessert, with coffee, tea or
milk. Fruits are added in season and no
one ever goes to a country hotel when the
dinner tent is up and running, for it is
better by far than any of them.
THIS WILL GIVE AN INKLING WHERE
MONEY GOES IN WAR TIME
ONE of the sources of expense in
war may be described as "wast
age" of material. In the bombard
ment of Alexandria, between 7
a. m. and 4:39 p. m. the British
fleet In a somewhat vigorous fashion de
posited ZifZ shells upon Egyptian soil and
about 500 Egyptians were killed. This was
undoubtedly good shooting in view of the
fact that It took the Germans, when be-
Fieglng Mezieres in 1S70, at the rate of
three and one-half shells a minute, 193,000
large projectiles to kill 300 people, that is
to tay, C43 shells a head, and that the
Boers, in the earlier stage of the present
war, dumped' 2GS0 shells Into Ladysmith
and only killed eight persons.
In the Crimean War the total number
of combatants was MC0.300, and they fired
85.000,000 shots, with the result that 51,945
roldlers were killed In battle and 66,397
diod from their wounds; therefore, to all
intents and purposrs. 118,342 bullets found
a bIJlet and 88, SSI 658 were wasted.
In the Franco-German War., where the
weapons u?ed were of a superior quality,
especially as regards precision, the vic
torious host cf Germans fired off 30,000,000
email-arm cartridges and 353,003 rounds of
artillery, with the result that 77,000 French
troops were killed outright or died from
their wounds. The wastage, tnerefore, on
the German Fide amounted to 30,286,000
ehot and Ehell. and that on the side of the
French would amount to quite as much.
The ordinary man will now have an
inkling whrre money goes In war time.
It is fortunate in view of the fact that
after the battle of Modder Rii'er the
trenches in some places were knee deep
In cartridge cases, that cartridges are not
very expensive, costing the Royal Labor
atory. In the case of .303 Inch cordite car
tridges with bullet for small arms, about
t'-> a thousand to make, a price somewhat
euggestive of stocktaking sales and
alarming sacrifices. In this engagement
tone battalion of grenadiers fired 52,000 car-
. Such doubts would be quickly dispelled
IX. you could raise the sides of the dress-.
The fact that > the women of theshow
look as if they had Just stepped out of a
hatbox as they, trip into the ring, smiling
and bowing, would naturally give rise to
the thought, that these fairies had. never
experienced .the scramble,, hustle and
worry Incident ¦ to a toilet In the regula
tion dressing room. -
The most mysterious epot Inclosed f by
the circus tent Is the women's dressing
room. - It is the only place not invaded by
a curious public
At 10;30 o'efock the show is out and the
performers go to the sleeping-cars, and It
is there that the women of the circus are
at home. The sleepers of the Rlngling
Bros.' show are arranged exactly like
Pullman cars, with swinging, upper
berths, and are clean, well ventilated and
attractive. As a rule each married
couple has another married couple for
chums. Their sections usually are oppo
site, and their natural desire for. neat
ness, from force of habit. If from no
other cause, enables them to decorate
their berths with little articles of fane/
work, slipper cases, a tiny pair of silken
curtains at the windows; a little cabinet
with a lock upon the' door, toilet article-*
in racks upon the bulkheads, snowy coun
terpanes—everything.' in fact, found: in a
well appointed sleeping apartment In a
house.
At 4:20 the afternoon show is over, and
thon comes supper, which is really a sub
stantial meal. Now comes an hour and a
half of rest. Gathered about in groups In
shady corners, the women of the circus
come together, bring out their embroi
dery and fancy work, chat, gossip and
talk of everything except their business,
which is rigidly tabooed. Seven o'clock
sees them again In the dressing rooms and
for the balance of the evening the rush
goes on, never seeming to end.
Dinner over, there Is another rush for
the dressing rooms. The crowd Is going
in and the grand entry is about to be
gin. All are expected to appear in this
pageant, as In the outdoor parade In the
morning. This inea.is another entire
change of dress to the resplendent cos
tumes worn In the grand entry. That fin
ished, there is a scurrying for the trunks
and makeup boxes: dresses disappear and
tights are donned; every article of the
wardrobe must be neat and clean and of
the very best, therefore cannot be thrown
here and there carelessly. The perform
ance has commenced, and there Is a con
tinuation of ceaseless hurry that would
distract an ordinary woman. Circus wo*
men, however, are used to It, and work
with the precision that perfect system de
mands. Some of the women perform in
two or three nets, each necessitating (a
change of costume, tights and all.
made Ita tour of the streets, there Is a
every day at 9 o'clock, a show at 2 o'clock
and r.nuthcr at S In the evening. Every
one must go In the parade and sometimes
It means a slow ride under the broiling
sun over eight or ten miles of streets. The
average out-of-the-eircus woman would
faint and fall from her horse before she
had ridden a mile. As soon as the pageant
reaches the show grounds, after having
FEW understand or can realize the
routine life of circus riders — their
troubles on the road or the trials
and tribulations during the per
formance season In some large city.
Wherever they stop there Is a parade
THE SUNDAY, CALL.
17
BEHIND THE SCENES AT THE CIRCUSThey Prefer Singing insects to Song-Birds- in Japan
Singing birds are esteemed In all coun
tries, hut it is only !n Japan that the mu
sical Bounds emitted by certain Insects
are appreciated.
Listening to these minute singers is, and
has been for mar.y centuries, a favorite
pastime of the Japanese, and has given
birth to an original commerce.
At Toklo, toward the end of May and
the bef Jnnis* of June, one sees suspended
under the verandas of houses beautiful
little cages of bamboo, from which break
upon the silence of the fresh twilight
etrange little whistlings, of metallic mod
ulation*, of llglit trills, which nil the air
with a delicate music. It Is habitually in
the evening, after the hour of the bath.,
that the people of Tofclo seat themselves
and listen with delight to the shrill con
cert.
The most prized of these singing insects
is the Euzumushi. Its name means "insect
bell," and the sound which it emits re-
Eexnbles that of a tiny silver bell. It is
a tiny black beetle, of a flat body and
very vulgar appearance.
The kntsuwa-mushl is so named because
Its cry resembles the sound made by a
horse In champing its bit. There are two
species of It, the one a light yellow and
the other a pale green. Really,, this Insect
Is none other than a kind of winged grass
hopper, of fat body and common in many
countries.
Another singing Insect much esteemed Is
the kirigirisu, which is but a very largo
grasshopper, producing varied, strident
sounds. Then there is the enamkordgf,
which Is a kind of cricket: the kusa-ht
bari. a minute grasshopper, which has a
sound of remarkable clearness. The kan
tan. originally from China, and which
Elngs only' at midnight; the kanetntakl,
whose sons resembles the far-away sound
of a clock. In Tokio alone there are over
forty merchants dealing in singing in
sects. This commerce is of relatively ; re
cent origin, though for centuries the Jap
anese have been fond * of the muile of
these Insects. Formerly they would go 'n
parties to places . where the little mu
sicians abounded, pass the night there
extended upon mats, drinking tea or sakl
and listening to the harmony of the suzu-
mushi and kutsuwamushi.
It is only about 100; years ago that an
amateur named Choso had the Idea of
capturing one of these Insects for his own
particular diversion. Then the singing
season over, he forgot a certain number
in a closed vase. Great was his surprise,
on opening it the following year, to find
it filled with newly hatched young. . After
that he gave. himself up to the raising of
various species of singing. Insects, and so
founded a trade which has become flour
ishing. Actually the greater number of
singing Insects are artificially • raised by
certain proceedings, so that their hatch
zing corresponds to the seasons when their
admirers love to listen to them and to
combine their sounds.* .
. '¦ ¦ ? « i
Queer Nations of People Who patronize the Dentist
"Dentists occasionally run acro?3 odd
things in their practice," said a member
of that . profession recently. "You are
aware that many are very particular con
cerning the plate in which artificial teeth
are set. - Some want gold, . others 'silver,'
vulcanite and. what not. But did you ever
hear of patients wearing th,elr own Initials
inside the mouth? ,
"We, recently prepared an upper set for
a gentleman well known In theatrical cir
cles, and in the platinum roof- was get In
wires of gold the wearer's Initials. An
other, roof plate, which we were privileged
to see, was a perfect masterpiece of artis
tic work. There were three horsemen de
picted In cold wire, fine as a hair, a tors-
- ground of,catstone and a crescent moon
of gleaming silver— all set in the compo
sition of the roof. The teeth were of good
quality, but not remarkable, and the price
•was exactly $300. A person uncor.scicus
of the value of the Inner roof would have
set the price at $25."
"Very richly enameled was the dancing
girl -which decorated the false roof of a
one-time millionaire. The pictured lady
wore slippers set with .tiny diamonds and
the owner, being a great smoker, sported
an ordinary set when desirous of Indulg
ing in a fragrant whiff, thereby never dis
coloring the dainty enamel of the choice
article. We were once asked to fashion
a plate from 'the' tusk 'of -an elephant, but
have been a dUncult_and un-
satisfactory proceeding we w«ra oblixsd
to reject the offer.
"The most absurd thlnjf -we -w»r« ever
requested to Insert in a false roof, was a
tiger's claw— a trophy of an Indian Jungle
hunt. We managed It. and to prevent tne
claw from wounding the tongue of our
patron we tipped it bluntly with gold.
After a while the tip fell oft and the
wearer's tongue was torn. To us he came
in a rase and finally decided to wear the
claw as a chain pendant. Boasting a sub
stantial set of natural ivory, an eccentric
wished to have an artificial lot that would
case his own. We prepared them. They
gave him a prominent mouth, altering his
features vastly. We found ha was * burg
lar of tha 'first class.' ••
Painting on china has reached tha
point of framing, and that is an argu
ment that It uses In claiming to be a fine
art. Then, too. you know that a great
deal of miniature portrait painting is
done upon porcelain. And If that does not
rise above "decoration"— what will con
vince you? ,-.... ¦
Poppies have not yet been discarded,
nor will they ever be. They have too much
of Californian sentiment attached to
them 4 } A poppy plate Is the thing to take
back East as a souvenir of a Western
trip. Their color la inconvenient for al
most any table setting 1 , but that doesn't
matter. Construct a yellow lunch on tha
strength of one poppy plate, and you
won't regret it. You can serve eggs In
some fancy form and custards and lemon
jelly and— but that's another story.
Sets of cups and plates and so on axe
more In fashion than they -were a few
years ago. At that time every teacup
had to be different from every other, and
if your guests were extremely Informal
they compared these out loud. Now your
tlsh plates must be all of one kind, your
fruit plates all of another kind, and so on.
A new shade named for the same old
Joslah, who has been called responsible
for more colors than he ever saw In any
rainbow. Is the Wedgwood blue that Is
being used for vases. It is dark and yet
bright: It Is used solidly, relieved only by
a touch of gold and medallion painted, as
they all are. In the most delicate tints.
The dark blue brings these out to the best
possible advantage.
gentlemen lies beyond the Anenam
brush to catch. Copies of the real thing
are our only safety. Original piece* ol
china or cards bearing the designs in col
ors are used by professionals.
Iflyou have no real knowledge of paint
ing your china decorating will be only
half successful, of course. Your eood
taste may guide you in the choice cf col
ors and you may be able to carry out
some simple geometrical designs with
dainty effect. You may attempt to do
mor», but there is darfger of your falling.
Designs can be drawn for you on the
porcelain and you can follow with your
brush, but your work will smack a bit
of the kindergarten. Don't attempt too
much. Leave the flowers and faces to
those who can handle a brush as one hav
ing authority.
Flowers, by the way, are Ies3 a fad for
table china than they once were. There
was a time, you remember, when a dozen
dessert plates represented a dozen kinds
of flowers. Conventional designs have
taken the place of those. Prim little pat
terns arc traced over the porcelain and a
prim little pair of Dresden lovers set In
medallion are the only break in the
monotony. A chocolate set in pale green
Is a pretty example of this style. A finely
wrought gold design relieves the green,
and «m the front of each cup. as well as
on the pitcher, the gaily gowned little
Dresden people courtesy In their own
fashion. The pitcher bears on Its oppo
site side a huge gold monogram.
Twenty dollars Is a liberal estimate foi
the cost of this set— poneelain. colors anrt
firing— and it sells for $75. So If you are
goins lnt:» keramics for profit you win
find a neat profit tucked away therein.
The charm of the Dresden ladies and
gets its full value at the first application,
but other tints need repetition. This Is a
wise. decree of fate, considering the price
of the gold paint.
AS long as we continue to eat from
plates and drink from cups.' so
long is china painting 'to be one
of the i\v.Q ails. The pencil was
very near just tliV:i to writing "decora
tive" instead of /'fine." but ' the latter
must be right, because the president of
the Keramif Society s-ays so. She is Miss
Taylor and she has a great deal to tfil
about the ways and fashions of china
painting. She ought to know a thing or
two, because ."=hc has made a" study o*
keramics for years and years and she
has an outfit of her .-.\vn. complete even
to a plump little kiln, that is really fot
firing china, but that looks for all the
world like a cozy place to roast . the
Thank?glving turkey.
And once mnr", so long as we eat and
drink we are going to acknowledge china
painting. For eating and drinking are.,
after all, only part of the pleasure of our
dinner party or our afternoon tea. The
daintiness of the cup and plate has more
to do with it than we might guess.
It' would be a long story for the people
who spend their days prying into such
things to tell how ehinu painting orlglnai
ed. Probably they would bo able to '.ell
you something about aboriginal charac
ters painted upon aboriginal earthenware.
They would explain, perhaps, how this
style of decoration progressed down the
years until it developed In 1900 in the form
of blurred violets and Dresden lovers
upon a white china basis. . All of this
Interests them a great deal, but ten to
one they couldn't paint a rosebud them
selves. The people who do the decorating
are «=o much concerned . with "mineral
colors" and "conventional designs" (these
(Irticks F*oro Warrcr? Deco
rative £rt
arc some, of the things they jabber about)
lliat they have no time to Investigate the
beginnings of their present occupation.
When, you begin ta^lie your own china
painter— but in the' first place it matte:-;
who you \ are. Married people arc thu
only ones that have anything to do with
this article.. You giddy young things may
turn to the fashion page and there you
will find food for thought. China is not
your concern until you have a glass
doored cabinet and a sideboard of your
own.
Now that we are by ourselves we can
settle down to business. Begin by, look
ing carefully after your porcelain, inr th
moft exquisite work is wasted Upon a
poor quality. Good porcelain is expensive,
but if your pin money be limited chooso
one satisfactory piece.- and Jet your work
merit it rather than painting a whole din
ner, set on poor ware. It -is more self
respecting: don't, you think so? Your art
is too fine to be. thrown away.
French porcelain has Ions led Jn.popu
lar favor. Nowadays Rclleek is gaining.
Not because its quality is any better
that could not be— but because its shapes
are even more, artistic. ••¦•'
Besides the tableware there is more and
more demand for heavier pieces. Jar
dinieres and large vases are as handsom*
Sifts as any Christmas need ask, and
Difficulties of <?bina Firing Explained
Jo^eti^er U/itfy-Jome .J-fipts 09 Ap
propriate Designs for 5ablpu/are,
l/as6S 3nd ¦ Jardini6r65. >
'even a wedding need not turn up its nose
at them.
For these forms of porcelain ths dark
colors ore prevailing nowadays. White
backgrounds broken by delicately tinted
flower sprays wore the fashion a while
back, but such effects for the decorative
pieros are silmost taboowl at present. The
rackgruunds of to-day are warm and
dark, and the blurred flower and fruit
spray* harmonize. There is nothing: bet
ter thnn smpes for those pieces. The pur
ples and reds of the fruit, combined with
the green of the foliage, give good results.
Son'e ci these trail about the top of a tall
pitchrr and rr.erKe Into the pinkish shad
ing of the lower part. The handle and
crice are gilded; sone sold paint Is almost
always used, for it gives "tune." It is an
expensive luxury/ tco, .but fiven If you
don't feel like Uetns it extravagantly, re
member that every little counts.
This njold paint, come? from Prance and
Germany, as do mest of the colors that
jou:ufi>. Only a few are of American
make. They are mineral colors of^ neces
sity. Use the best. . ,
When your china Is ready to be flred It
is ready for the professional. A Icihi is
too elaborate an affair, to be set up in an
amateur's heme, no matter how enthu
siastic that amateur may be. It is bulky
and expensive and Its coat oil attachments
involve much trouble. Ardent ehir«a dec
orators insist upon three firings. 'nnrl as
more color has to be added before retiring,
you must prepare to keep your porcelain
busy traveling. J 1 - 1 ,- :¦',
For some simple flower designs two fir
ings arc sufficient. Where goid is used tt
is not applied until the other colors are
ready for their last trip to the oven. Gold
¦¦¦ ...
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE DELICATE ART OF PAINTING ON PORCELAIN
18
The parchment of the best banjoes Is
made of wolf skin.the soft mass droop k llttte. becominfly,
over the face, eo as to break the regular
line of the pompadour and thu3 avoid the
harshness which all geometrically rojula*
lines slve the features. Now secure firmly
In position wlih hairpins, Just aa you (".'a
the top pompadour.
POSITION VI.
Now return to your back hair, which
you left tied on the crown of. your heead.
Divide it Into two equal parts, one above,
the other below.
This picture Just shov^a you how to
handle and twist tho top half Into, tho
high coll called- the flgur» eight. After
twisting the hair into tho figure shown
pin It securely quite forward on the
crown of your head. See that the coii Is
(month and firm, as Just her© no fluffy,
untidy effect Is permissible. *
POSITION VII.
Now take tho under part of the back
hair and twist It »ttM « smooth and firm
coll.' Then form, below the crown and
right under the other twist, another fig
ure eight, ; bringing the end of the coil
away up around the top figure i to give
This picture shows you how to give
the finishing touches necessary after, the
edifice Is entirely built up and secured In
position. Take the comb and gently raise
the fluffy." hair, of the porapadour out and
up In the right position, so that it forms
a soft and full frame for the face. Ar
range the little stray locks and curls wan
dering over the temples in the manner
most becoming to your Individual type.
It is the minutiae, the tiny artistic noth
ings, that make all the difference and
adapt any prevailing style to any particu
lar face. '
THE FINISHED COIFFURE. ;.'
This picture presents the finished and
pretty result of tho eight photographio
picture 'lessons.
compactness an? KnTs?: to ?fcs entire coif
fure. .
The picture admirably illustrates lust
how this should be done. Pin^the whole
securely in place, ga^ierlng In under the
coll ail the loose end* of the pompadour.
POSITION VIII.
of his functions. Dr. Pozzi having this
quality while acting as Senator la th»
recent trial, ,
THE Innocuous duel of France has
been famed In song, story and Jest
book, but it remains for the close of
the century to bring forth a new
kind of duel, which Is bound to oe even,
more famous than the pin pricks of the
past. This is the sterilized duel. and. ap
propriately enough. It Is dedicated to the
realm of medicine. Two doctors have
fought with sterilized swords, and when
one was pinked in the hand honor was
ratlsfled all around. The sense of hurnor
Is » lamentably absent from the French
mind and so the republic doesn't realize
how funny It all is.
The Pcssi-Devillers duel, like so many
others of recent occurrence, sprang out ot
the political agitation brought on by tha
Deroulede trial before the Senate. Dr.
Pozsl. the gynaecologist, has been & Sen
ator for several years. He took part In
the discussions which were held at tho
Luxembourg during the progress of tha
trial, and he was in favor of banishment
oelng pronounced against Deroulede. Dr.
Devillers. Deroulede's psysician. was pre
sent at the last meeting of the Medical
Club in the Avenue de l'Opera. This club
was rounded a few months ago by Dr.
Doleris. and to Dr. Pozzi had been offered
the pre-iident's chair. Dr. Devillers mads
seme disagreeable remarks to Dr. Pozzl
atout politics, but the .latter told him he
Aid not consider a medical club a fit place
for discu3sing such a question. Dr. Dcvil-
Ifrs thereupon insulted him. and threw
his glove in his face. The man was at
this Juncture taken care of by his friends
and led into another room.
On hearing Dr. Pozz! say that he thought
It Hkely that Dcvtllers was not in his
right mind, the latter burst forth again
Into the most violent language. Aa might
be expected In the terrible land of France,
a duel wa3 decided upon. The place,
chosen was Louveciennea, a small town
near St. Germnin-en-Laye.and though Dr.
Pozzl had not done any fencing for tho
last ten years he chose swords. Dr. Devil
lers Is. on the other hand, an expert
fencer. The swords were sterilized to
prevent any Infection of the wounds, and
Immediately after the word was given Dr.
Devillera ran his sword Into Dr. Pozzl's
right hand between the fourth and fifth
fingers. Dr. Pozzi was therefore usable
to continue and the two adversaries shook;
hands.
Dr. Devillers will be prosecuted for hav
ing attacked a magistrate in the exercise
hands placed on her head to keep him. In
position, and thus he sees the world from
an elevated point of view.
It remained for the Eskimo mother to
contrive a unique way of transporting her
baby from place to place. She would have
it neither on her back, head, shoulders nor
hips, after the fashion of other women.
The Chinese baby lies with Its face flat
against the mother's back, which posi
tion, some people think, accounts for the
broad, flat nostrils so prevalent among the
, Mongols. The little Chinese has its head
shaved In a dozen fantastic fashions, and
the more absurd she can make It look the
«better the mother likes It. Chinese babies
are not very attractive, for the reason
that .they seem neglected and dirty. Thl3
13 frequently done with a purpose. The
more parents love their children the more
they pretend not to. hoping thereby to
cheat the jin or spirits of the air who they
think would carry off their little ones
should It be discovered that they loved
them. '¦ ':, '-r
Tho Egyptian mother veils her face with
a yasmak and. envelopes her figure In a
loose robe, covering her from heart to
heels. She takes up the little brown mite
of humanity and gives him a toss, which
lands him on 'her shoulder wltb hl3 little
but Inside the leg of her boot! She wears
high boots, made of skin with the hair
Inside, reaching far above the knees. Into
this capacious leg the little one slips up
to his arm pits.
All the North American Indians nse
some sort cf a cradle board. Some of
them are extremely pretty, decorated with
bead work and porcupine quills. In some
¦ tribes the board alone la used, and tha
little papoose 13 strapped to its mother's
back. Others make an osier hood or whola
cover for the board. Once the child 13
'lashed to the board It Is set up In any
convenient corner or attached to tha
swaying branch of a tree, where It may
lazily swing In the sunshine.
When the Indian mother leaves the tent
sl.e sllpfe the strap of the cradle board
over her head and carries the winking
baby with her. When long Journeys are
to be made the cradle board Is swung
from the horn of the mother's saddle.
NOW THEY FIGHT WITH STERILIZED
DUELING SWORDS IN FRANCE
to its burden very early In life. One often
pets a child of not more than four or flve
ycira cf age playing with her doll fast
ercd to her back. As she grows older a
larger doll is used, so that by the time she
Is 10 or 12 she Is able to carry her infant
brother or sister without breaking down
un2er the burden. %
In a Ions ka«. which hnngs down the
mother's back. The hag is ingeniously
contrived from a shawl, two corners of
which are fastened en top of the woman's
head, so that the weight is borne from
there and not from the shoulders.
In Bombay. Java ar.d Calcutta the child
rides astride the mother's hip. The little
Javanese La held in place by a strong
bandage,* which is fastened obliquely
across the mother's back. The children
soon prow accustomed to the awkward
position and view the world with un-
troubled eyes.
Chinere and Japanese babies ride pick
a-back, either slung in a stout canvas or
strapped about with strong bands. As a
rule, the* nurse seems very careless of
them, and their shaven heads bob about
in a most uncomfortable manner.
In Japan the little girl's, back Is fitted
POSITION IV,
After thoroughly fluffing the Inner Bids
cf your front pompadour, turn It mottly
POSITION II.
Take a piece of black hair string,
about two fingers long. Tie it firmly.
emoth:y ar.d carefully arour.d the back
fcsir. just where you arc holding it, in the
cxnter of the- crown of the head.
Do not pull the string »o taut that It
will cut or Injure the ha'.r. but tie It so
that It will hold the hair firmly In the
position Illustrated plainly in the picture.
POSITION 1IL
Now tum your ettcnticn to your front
htlr which is going to form the pompa
dour. On its correct arrangement de
pends the success of your hairdresslng.
On no account wear a rat. Instead,
fluff the hair thoroughly with the comb
before turning it back from the temples
' end forehead. The cut Illustrates Just how
this should be done. In this way you can
obtain all the fullness necessary without
the discomfort and harshness of the in
jurious rat.
HAIP.DBF.SH1NO of the !*modllled
French" etyle Is the latest fash
ion to which women who wish to
be up to <Jate are now paying at
tention. The rulrs to follow are these:
POSITION I.
First, thoroughly brush and comb your
hs!r, then part off from th«- back hair th«_
*\<1<: and front pompadour. Let it hang
over the face. Then take the back hair
And brush it smoothly and high up from
the nape of the neck.
K»ep brushing up until the mass of hair
is only held In petition right la the center
of the crown of the head.
THIS IS HOW TO DRESS THE HAIR IN
THE MOST UP-TO-DATE FASHION
back from the forehead. Do not pull It
tightly back from the temples. Let it iall
a little carelessly, but with the art that
conceals art. over the forehead. Then se
cure it firmly In place with several hair
pins, otherwise you will have a cascade
of hair in your eyes before the day I3
Now turn your attention to the correct
arrarecment of the side pompadour.
Fluff the hair on the inner side Just as
you cid for the top.
Then turn It carefully and artistically
back from the sides and temples, letting
tles, upon which the children fit astride.
A ro:>« is tied under the arms of both
mother and child to prevent the latter
from falling off It? high perch.
In Papakal. King County, New Zealand,
the wemen fasten the children to their
baclis. the little hands clinging tight
around the mother's neck. They hold
them in pla.ee with a large woolen shawL
In Tirawepa. N. Z.. women and girls car
ry the children on the shoulder or hip
tied sr.us'y in place v.ith the folds of a
shawl.
T>o mothers and babies of Delacarlier,
Sweden, are handsome specimens of the
race. The women Feem to know instinc
tively ho*v to make artistic pictures of
themrelves. The ISttle one Is s!i;n< In a
stout hammock on the mother's or nurse's
bark. The hnrrmeck has strong band?,
which go over the shoulders and keep the
ch-Id In place.
The New Guinea mother, gulKJesstof all
clothing except a short pettlcoa*, drop.=»
her baby into a netted bag and suspends
It in front of her. fastening it securely to
her Jtead over the ears.
Kr.far women set their children astride
their backs and hold them in position by
tyir.g a piece of cloth around their loins.
Th<» Redc,ui:i baby makes its infnntlla
jcnrr.eys about the world nestling snujly
fN* NEARLY all European nation? the
children. are carried in arms: the very
i» young are swathed !n folds of soft silk
or wool; frequently the clothing is
folded ar.6" kept In place by bands of rib
bcn. but as a ru!e the babies are given
plenty of freedom for their arms and legs.
The little bambino cf the Italian mother
has its clothing tied as securely about it3
lirr.bs as that of the ICorth Aaericm
papccre. The great advantage of this
treatment is that the child is thus pro
tected from bruise? in cafe cf a tumble.
The Frereh child is elaboratly dressed
and carried at-cut on a pillow. The nur?es
are most picturesque In their peasant cos
tumes, with qo&lst caps cr.d streamers cf
broad ribbon.
TJw Breton baby i« wrapned ar.d strap
ped !n a wmjr similar to the lltt!e Italian
child. It dee? not differ from the Indian
method, excrpt that the cradle board is
net urcd. The women are famou? knit
ters, and they mike fancy covers, ric!> I;i
Intricate Hitches, for their children, and
the bar.ds are heavy with embroidery.
The native woir.^n of Australia carry
ell their burden? exept their babies on
their heeds. Unlike the women of civil
ized ccuntrlp^, they mufce of the bustle a
useful thing. Tbey weir very large bu«-
QUEER WAYS SOME MOTHERS CARRY THEIR CHILDREN
THE SUNDAY CALL.
19IN LIFE THEY LIVE IN MIDST OF DEATH
THE SUNDAY CAL.L,.
In^ the distant past, and even In our
own day, the various dispositions of the
dead present striking, contrasts. There
are innumerable examples illustrative of
the thought and care bestowed upon the
dead throughout the many centuries pre
ceding the Christian era. In the almost
obliterated ruins and 'tombs of Assyria,
Babylonia and old Persia, those ancient
ciay which marks the limit of its intel
lectual and physical development, too,
concerns us and for many has a morbid
fascination and attachment. -
LJF"E anS aeath. inseparable, yet an
tagonistic twins, have together
come marching down through the
dimmest ugrs ot the past and. ever
striving for supremacy, this twain of op
pofiltes will continue in company through
out all the infinite future.
One Is scarcely less Interesting than th«
other- The new-born babe, that lively llt
tl« being so fall of great pbssibilities, is
of keenest Interest and most tender so
licitude to the thoughtful during Us stages
of amfoiaing an* growth; while the rigid
In a conservative Turkish household,
rich or poor, no tables are- used and chair*
are unknown, Instead, there Is a huga
wooden frame In the middle of the room
about eighteen Inches high. "When tha
family — the men Snly — assembles to dins,
cushions are brought, placed upon tha
frame and on these the men seat them
selves tailor fashion, forming a circle
around a large tray.
The tray is a very large wooden, plated
or silver affair, according to the financial
condition of the family, and thereon is de- %
posited a capacious bowl. About It are
ranged saucers of sliced cheese, anchov
ies, caviare and sweetmeats. , Inter
spersed with these are goblets of sherbet,
pieces of hot unleavened bread and box
wood spoont-.
Knives, forks and plates do not figure
In the service, but rach has a napkin
spread upon his knt.>s, and every one,
armed with a spoon. h«?lps himself.
The bowl Is presently borne away and
another dish takes its place. This time It
is a conglomeration of substantial stewei
together, such as mutton, game or poul
try. The mess has been divided by the
cook Into portions, which are dipped u?i
with the aid of a spoon or the finders ™
For the host to flsh out of the mess a
wing or leg of a fowl and present it to a
guest Is considered a great compiiment.
and for. a Turk of high degree to roll a
morsel between his fingers and put it into
the mouth of a visitor is looked upon us
good manners. .
have become considerably modernized !n
their arrangements, even aping the way*
of Paris. But conservative Turks frown
on such new fangled ways.
How Turks Sit at Table.
Of late years some Turkish households
In Greece the tombs . of ; illustrious and
notable ancients are still being discovered
from time to time, and In Rome the ram-
Egypt affords Intensely , Interesting and
historically Instructive examples along
these lines. The pyramids of Ghizeh and
the splendid tombs at Thebes and else
where have, after thousands of years,
yielded up the parched., shrunken remains
of the Pharaohs and brought this age in
to touch with that early civilization. Dur
ing the lapse ot many centuries ancient,
Egypt's magnificent tombs have been
completely covered by the shifting sands
of the great doser| and thus lo^t sight
of. But to-day, descending below the sur
face of that arid waste, by the aid of
blight magnesium light one,may.si?e In
a state of wonderful preservation some
cf the marvelous building and interior
painting of those early Egyptians. As
souvenirs of such visits beads, articles of
jewelry, pottery, ' clay lamps, a head,
hand, foot or even a whole mummy in its
original case and wrappings may be
bought from trafficking Arabs, who are
glad to sell these ghastly relics "as "real
antique" and for much less • than : they
first ask for them.
A
countries extending beyond the eastern
shores of the Mediterranean, archaeolo
gists are finding evidences which not only
prove that the disposition of the dead was
a matter of great moment in those early
times, but the contents of the handsome
sarcophagi which are being uncovered aid
greatly In unveiling the secrets of the
mighty past.
"Within many of -Rome's truly superb
basilicas, cathedrals and churches and in
In the basement of a Capuchin convent
in Rome are accumulated the bones of
4000 deceased of that brotherhood. . A long
rectangular space under the structure
proper is 'divided into several plats, each
of which co.ntains a number of graves,
and at the head of each mound of rich
brown earth is placed a cross bearing 'the
name and dates of birth and death of the
burled. The vaulted celling and the walls
of this covered burying ground are most
fantastically decorated with" the exhumed
bones of former . occupants of th«sa
graves. Rosettes are made of the bone3
of the spine, graceful scroll decorations
of the ribs and delicate tracery and floral
patterns of the smaller ~bo.nes of . the'
hands and feet. Arches are covered, with
pelves, and in recesses formed of th<\
bones of the. legs and arms repose skel
etons robed In the somber t brown cowl of
the Capuchin habit. Chandeliers and
hanglng ( baskets 'uniquely; put together
suspend from the ceiling. Skulls are free
ly used in the general plan of decoration
and naked and, dark-robed skeletons in
upright, lying and reclining positions are
conspicuous throughout the place. A Bar
barlni Princess with her two sons form
an interesting group 'it one of the plats,
and over these hangs a scale of justice
cleverly made of human bones. The
monks of this convent are always ready
to show visitors through this gloomy part
of their domicile, ai>d these ascetics are
thus afforded frequent ' opportunity., of
contemplating the scheme of mural, deco
rations of which their bodies will one day
form an integral part.
lflcatlons of the now depleted catacombs
are to this day explored by students and
tourists.
One section of these underground vaults
is i reserved for the remains of -ecclesias
tics^ J Like ".others these are ranged in
niches or hung up against the walls. Wita
Here is a promiscuous assortment of
withered, desiccated/ mummified corpses
of young and old and big and little of
both sexes. There are tiny coffins in which
lie Infant bodies wrapped in all their
baby finery of ribbons and laces now dis
colored and stained. Fancy a dull gray.'
dried-up, little eyeless baby skull In a
dainty lace hood! A number of coffins
contain several corpses, some lying head
to head and some with the; feet of one
touching the head of the other.
One of the most weird collections of hu
man remains Is to be seen in a Capuchin
monastery in Palermo. Sicily. Dressed In
the loosely hanging brown cowl of that
order, an aged, tottering monk-who bore
resemblance to a mummy that might
have come to life again, led the way to
the vaulted lower regions, of the large
monastery,, where thousands of dust-cov
ered, grimy coffins of all shapes and sizes
.and. some .with, broken glass tops. fill the
niches of the walls and are piled up In
the passageways. Placed on some of the
coffins, scattered' about o'n the flo'ors and
stacked up in corners are large withered
wreaths and other floral offerings, to
Tvhlch are tied long tinsel-fringed stream
ers' of ribbons now thickly coated with
• dust.
Under the many dimly burning lamps of
the .Arsenal Church of St. Petersburg
Russian royalty sleeps in nn atmosphere
heavy with the odor of incenso nnd the
perfume of fresh flowers which are al
ways kept on the costly tombs.
Jerusalem has its Holy Sepulchre. Da
mascus the tomb of Saladln and Stnmboul
the alleged sarcophagus of Alexander the
Great. In. Stockholm lies Gustavus
Adolphus, while Paris hn.s the last rest
ing place of tho ambitious NapoUon. At
Aachen and Rouen are, respectively, the
tombs of Charlemagne and Jennne d'Arc.
London has its -Westminster Abbey and
St*. Paul's, with their many Illustrious
dead of this and other days. In the sub
terranean chambers of an uiiimposing
church in Vienna are the massive metal
caskets of the Austrian roynl house.
Its historical Pantheon, lie rulers. Popes.
immortal artists, ) rive warriors, states
men and many of the greatest men the
world has seen.
Throughout the world, but more espe
cially in Occidental lands, one comes upon
grand monuments that mark the places
where sleei> forever those who were great
in deed or name. But judging of the fu
ture by the past, it is not impossible that
through political or social upheaval and
warfare the?e sacred places may soma
day be desecrated by an invading enemy
and the now reverently treasured remains
be carried off to some museum, where, for
odd pennies, they may be rudely exposed
for the vulgar gaze of the curious of fu
ture generations, who. instead of lookinc
upon a Setl or a Ramesea, may have be
fore them a Kaiser Wllhelm der Gross©,
a Napoleon or somo Oriental potentate.
nine years pending the selection of a
'"nice grave." This had recently been
found and shortly after its selection the
coffin was removed to its Jln.il resting
place among the hills of little whit©
mounds Just beyond the high walla of
throbbing Canton.
In an apartment worthy the dignity of
the deceased (a Viceroy's wife) was an
exceptionally fine coffin. It measured
fully eight feet in length by three feet in
height and'breadth.'and was covered and
rendered * air-proof by a coat of lacquer
two Inches thick. It Is said to have cost
$2000 and had rested* la this apartment
Within the inner room, reached through
a curtained doorway, the dead. In cum
bersome wooden coffins, are temporarily
placed until a "nice grave" can be found.
These Chinese coffins have convex sides
and x tops, are painted black and devoid of
any ornamentation.
In Canton. China. "The City of the
Dead" is the brightest, cleanest, sunniest
part of that awfully congested center: of
Chinese life. Once within the walls of
this silent city a series of neatly paved
courts is formed by low, shed-like build
ings* with trim, red-tiled roofs. These
buildings are divided Into suites .of two
or three chambers each. The outer, a
kind of- anteroom,- contains an altar -laden
with objects holy to the Chinese; and
curling upward among the deities and
other accessories of the pagan altar the
fumes of smoldering • sandalwood ; and
smoking punks permeate the whole in
terior. About the entrance to these suites
and in the courts are scattered great
quantities of sacred white and gold paper.
In the city of Guanajuato. Mexico, an
undprground passage of the Pantheon
also contains mummified human remains,
while at either end of the long passage
which is lined with them the longer mem
bers of the human skeletons are piled up
like firewood and* skulls -are scattered
about In an aimless fashion.
A peculiar dryness of the air In the$""
chambers prevents decomposition, and ail
bodies placed within them gradually dry
np and become mummified. In the city
of Bremen. Germany, a like phenomenon
exists In the lower portion of the old
Dome Church. Here, too, are a few bodies
that have for centuries resisted decay,
nnd to test the virtue of the bid keller,
ns It la called, dead birds, mice and other
animals and even flowers are from time
to time hung up.
hea<!s pol?cil at various angles, dressed
In their Mark, priestly robes and topped
oIT wltn berretan In jomo Instances Jaunt
ily tilted to one side, these defunct holy
men present ft BTfwsonte, though some
what humorous aspect. When the good
monks ef thfr. nmnasFtFry entT upon their
etcryal sleep their bodies are carried be
low to swell this silent company of their
brotherhood, and whtie In life they have
always bt-fore" them a most Impressive
memento mortis.
Rorpan B^eth^en Decot-ate the Basennent of
Theft* capuchin Convent with the Bones
of ovei* Pour Thousand De
ceased Mennbe^S of That jr§9|=53
M&st Ancient Brotherhood, J^^^^^311
20VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 108.
EASTERN END OF* GALUESTON, VA/HERE THE STORM AA/ROUGHT ITS 1A/ORST
GALYESTOX, Tex., Sept.
15. — The exodus trom.
f- Galveston grows as the fa
cilities for getting away from the
stricken city are increased. Boats
left here yesterday more frequent
ly than on any day t since the
storm, some proceeding directly
to Houston, via Buffalo Bayou,
and other? making" connection at
Texas City with the Great North
ern train. Among those who de
parted to-day were General Mc-
Kibben and Lieutenants Fergu
son and Perry, who were sent
here by the United States Gov
ernment when the news of the
horror was given to the world.
General McKibben will commun
icate with the War Department
on his arrival at Houston, and
thence proceed to San Antonio to
transact official business which
requires his attention. Before
leaving he was solicited by the
authorities to return, and expects
?to do so within the next four or
five days.
The news which was printed
here this morning in the shape of
a personal telegram from Vice
1 'resident Huntington of the
Southern Pacific that that road
is not to abandon Galveston has
created intense satisfaction and
has materially accelerated the
movement for the reconstruction
of the city.
Dr. Blount, State Health Offi
cer, to-day printed a statement
showing that apprehensions that
sickness will result from the over
flow just experienced are unjus
tified. He shows that in 1867* in
the midst of the widespread epi
tymc of yellow fever, a severe
storm occurred at Galveston in
the early days of October, result
ing in a deposit over a greater
portion of the city of slimy mud.
Not only did no sickness result,
but the cvclonic disturbance cut
short the yellow fever epidemic,
and but few cases of fever oc
curred thereafter.
Several thousand men are at
work clearing away the debris on
the beach. A hundred and fiftv
bodies were recovered from the
wreckage and burned yesterday.
No attempt is now being made to
identify recovered bodies. To-day
most of them are found naked
and mutilated beyond recogni
tion.
A New York relief train ar
rived last night with a number of
physicians and nurses and a large
supply of provisions was distrib
uted to-day. Every effort is be
ing made by the postal authori-
pALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— Excellent
I work in saving lives during the hurricane was done by the officers and crew of the reve
« nue cutter Galveston.. which was stationed at that port. The first mail through from
the stricken city reached Washington to-day and brought a letter from Chief Engineer YV. H.
Whitaker of the Galveston. Under date of September 9 he says:
"All sheds on the wharves have been leveled to the ground, or nearly so. I do not
think there is a house that has not been more or less damaged, or blown to the ground. While
the wind was blowing over sixty miles an hour we sent out a boat with a rescuing party to
row up one of the streets. The first trip they succeeded in saving thirteen women and children
and brought them back to the vessel in safety.
"It was useless to attempt to row the boat against 'the terrific wind, and as the water was
at that time not over a man's head in the street, a rope would be sent out to the nearest tele
graph pole and by that means a boat could be hauled along from pole to pole. This was ac
complished only b~y the most herculean efforts on the part of the men who led out the rope,
but between swimming, walking and floundering along in the teeth of the gale the rope
would finally be made fast. Then it was all that a crew of one officer and seven men could do
to pull a boat against the fierce blasts of the hurricane. By working! all Saturday afternoon
and evening and up to 1. o'clock Sunday morning the brave boys succeeded in rescuing
thirty-four men, women and children, whom they put in a place of' safety and provided them
with enough provisions for their immediate wants. Finally on account of the darkness, in
creasing violence of the storm and the vast amount of wreckage in the streets, the rescuing
party was reluctantly compelled to return to the vessel. . . .
"On board ship it was a period of intense anxiety for all hands. No one slept, and it
was only by superhuman efforts by officers and crew that we rode out the hiirjicane in safety.
With the exception of the carrying away of the port forward rigging and the smashing of all
the windows and skylights, the vessel sustained no serious injury. Not a single person on
board was injured in any way."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hc-roes on tl-ie Revertue Cutter Galveston
Performed Noble Work of
¦'-¦ /¦ • .Rescue.-. .'..,. :¦ . ', "-[-
DALLAS, Sept. 13.— There Is urgent
call for fVesh troops at Galveston.
Those there are wort out with
guard duty, burying the dead and
cleaning up the wrecks, or are
sick from the unsanitary conditions. Gov
ernor Sayers last night ordered the Crad
dock L,ight Infantry of TerriU to Galves
ton. The company reached Dallas to-day
and departed south. A special from Gal
veston says:
"There la no concealment to be made
of the fact that a pestilence is feared.
Efforts, of the local and military authori
ties are directed now to minimizing this
new danger. They are sending the wo
men and children to the interior as fast
as possible. All the able-bodied men must
remain for a time at least. There is work
for thousands of them, and work that
must be done. The disposition of bodies
continues to be one of the largest duties,
and besides this there are yet In the city
and on the Island thousands of carcasses
which need" attention." The stagnant pools
and the decomposing bodies and carcasses
are a threatening phase to life that makes
a man tremble. Thousands of barrels of
lime can be used to good advantage. Xo
exaggeration is made. A committee that
and the American steamer Alamo
have been floated. The British
steamer Roma is in a bad way on
Deer Island. The British steam
er Kendall Castle is hard aground
in shallow water at Texas City,
and the British steamer Hilarious
is still ashore on the east of Boli
var, but it is thought that she can
be got off with comparative
ease. The British steamer Taun
ton is hard ashore at Cedar Point,
but it is believed she, too, can be
floated without -difficulty.
The street car line company
suffered a loss of a quarter of a
million, and the entire system is
torn to pieces. An effort will be
made to temporarily operate the
cars with horses.
PESTILENCE NOW
THREATENS THE
STRICKEN CITY
IN THE PATH OF THE STORM.
to-day the water works company
was serving customers on the
second stories. This is taken as
indicating the rapid headway be
ing made in putting the plant
again in operation.
The British steamer Norma
ties to receive and distribute mail.
Xo city delivery lias yet been ar
ranged for, and all who expect
letters are requested to call at the
postoffice. No mail is being col
; lected from letter-boxes.
In some quarters of the city
SAVED MANY LIVES
DURING THE GALE
Loss of Life at Gal
veston Estimated
at 3000 to 8000,
but Will Never Be
Accurately Known.
In the Latest Appeal for
Aid the Statement Is
Made That Every
Home in the Stricken
City Is Injured, While
Thousands Have Been
Destroyed.
TO EXAMINE FORTIFICATIONS.
¦WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— With a vtew
to the restoration of the fortifications in.
the harbor of_ Galveston. if such a thinjj
13 possible. General Wilson, chief of en
gineers, to-day -organized, a board of en
gineer officers, consisting of Colonel Rob
ert M. Henry, stationed at New York;
Major Henry M. Adams, stationed at'New
Orleans; Captain Charles D. Riche. sta
tioned at Galveston. and Captain Edgar
Jadwln. stationed at New York, to raees
at Galveston at the call of the senior
officer about October 20. The board is
Instructed to make a careful and critical
examination of the jetties and fortifica
tions of Galveston and to report to the
chief of engineers what action is neces
sary for the repair and restoration of Lh«
fortifications and harbor works.
HOUSTON. Tex.. Sept. 15.— The follow
ing statement -was sent to the Associated
Press by R. W. King of Alvin, Tex.:
"I arrived in Alvin from Dallas and waa
astonished and bewildered by the sight of
devastation on every side. Ninety-ftve
per cent of the houses In this vicinity are
in ruins, leaving 1 6000 people without ade
quate shelter and destitute. Everything
In the way of crops is destroyed and un
less thero Is speedy relief there will be
exceedingly great suffering.
"The people reed and must have assist
ance. Need money to rebuild their homes
and buy stock and implements. They
need food, flour, bacon, corn. They must'
have seeds for their gardens, so as to be
able to do something for themselves very
soon. Clothing Is badly needed. Hun
dreds of women and children are without
a change and are already suffering. Some
better idea may be had of the distress
when It Is known that box cars are being
Improvised as houses and hay as bedding.
Only fourteen houses In the town of Al
vin axe standing on their foundations and
they are badly damaged. The necessities
of the people must be met or great suffer
ing and starvation will follow.
"It Is believed that a generous public
will qylckly\ respond when they know th«
dire distress airong the people. "While
the great sympathetic heart of this grand
republic Is responding so generously for
the stricken city of Galveston. it should
be remembered alao that th» smaller
towns — where the same condition of total
wreck exists, though with smaller losses
of life— need Immediate help from a liberal
people."
DISTRESS AMONG THE
PEOPLE OF SMALL TOWNS
District.
' McKIBBEX.
Commanding Department of
Texas.
xvill donate a trainload of lime and pet
here quickly will do a greater service than
by donating twice the value in money.
Send an abundance of lime and other dis
infectants and help remove a danger far
more imminent than starvation."
A bulletin from Hitchcock says: "Coun
try dl3trlct3 are . strewn with corpses.
The prairies around Hitchcock are dotted
with the bodies of the dead. Scores are
unburled. as the bodies are too badly de
composed to handle and the water too
deep to permit of buriaL A pestilence la
feared from the decomposing 1 animal mat
ter lying everywhere. Disinfecting mate
rial Is badly needed.
"The bodies of Ed Jaldnick and on© of
his children have been found. He was one
of the leading Insurance officials In Texas
and -well known In Insurance circles
throughout the United States."
Mavor.
R. B. HAWLEY,
Member of Congress Galveston
WALTER JOXES.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 15.—
Governor Savers received
the following official report
as to conditions in Galveston:
"Galveston, Tex., Sept. 14. —
Hon. Joseph D. Savers, Gover
nor: After the fullest possible in
vestigation here we feel justified
in saying- to you and through you
to the American people that no
such disaster has ever • overtaken
any community or section in the
history of our country. The loss
of life is appalling and can never
be accurately determined. It is
estimated at from 3000 to Sooo
people. There is not a home in
Galveston that has not been in
jured, while thousands have been
destroyed. The property loss
represents accumulations of sixty
years and more millions than can
be safely stated. Under these
conditions, with ten ¦ thousand
people homeless and destitute,
with the entire population under
a stress and strain difficult to de
scribe, we appeal in the hour of
our great emergency to the sym
pathy and aid of mankind.
1i USTIX, Tex., Sept. 15.— Many heartrending reports and
/-\ appeals for aid from the country districts of the devastated
coast section were received here to-day. Help has been
slow to reach these suffering people, owing to the fact that the
calamity at Galveston has overshadowed all other distress. The
Governor, however, has the matter well in hand, and is directing
the work of organizing relief committees at the smaller towns
and remote communities in Brazoria, Fort Bend and other
counties of that section. He to-day sent a large amount of'
money to be expended for the relief of the homeless and hungry
of Andleton, Scabrooke, Alvin, Hitchcock. Richmond and Ros
enberg. Provisions, clothing and medicine will be bought and
properly distributed. There is much sickness in these places
and medical aid is needed at most of them.
The suffering among the negroes and country people is piti
ful. All crops have been completely destroyed. Many of the
unfortunate people have their homes along the Brazos River,
and were victims of the devastating- flood which swept down
that valley last year, and again only a few months ago. This is
the third calamity that has come to them within less than two
years. Their property is all gone. Many formerly wealthy plant
ers are now destitute and dependent upon the charity of the peo
ple for food atjd clothing. For a third time all plantation build
ings have been destroyed, the country merchants have fared no
better, and there is no, longer a place at which the plantations
can get credit to make a new start. The land remains, but it is
so late in the season that no crop can be made until next year.
There are a thousand negroes in the thickly settled "Black
Belt" who will have to be fed until they can be provided with
«=r»mc kind of work. J. L. Merdill, a .well-known planter living
near Richmond. Texas, arrived here to-day. He lost all of his
buildings and cotton crop. He says the cane crop is badly dam
aged, but some of it will be saved. He reports that the negroes
of his section are in destitute condition and badly in need of
help. Many of them are flocking into the towns with their fam
ilies, which makes the situation worse instead of improving it.
He thinks some kind of public work should be given the negroes
until they can be used on the plantations where they were em
ployed when the storm came.
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
In Inland Places Overshadowed by the
Greater Disaster at Galveston the
Distress Is Great, Especially at Plan
tations That Were Recently Swept
by Floods.
HEARTRENDING APPEALS FOR AID FROM MANY
COUNTRY DISTRICTS OF THE DEVASTATED COAST
Pages 21 to 30
Pages 21 to 30
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900-FORTY PAGES.
The San Francisco CallSecond district, west of , Fourth street,
south of alley ' between J and' K— R. C.
Irvine and Dwight H. Miller.
First district, west, of Fourth, street,
north of alley between J and K— Herman
H. Grau and M. R.. Beard. " -
SACRAMENTO; Sept. 15.-rln the aggre
gate, a large sum of money will be sent
from this city to the Galveston; sufferers.
Contributions already sent will be aug
mented by the collections to b'e made by
a committee appointed by the Chamber
of Commerce. The city has been divided
into districts and will be thoroughly, can
vassed by the following citizens compris
ing the committee:
Sacramento , Doing Good Work.
HOUSTON, Texas, Sept. 15.— Following
Is a. revised list of dead outside of
Galveston:
At Arcadia— James Bodecker and
son. Mr. Wofford. Eight more deaths,
names unknown. : ;: r ;^
At Alvin— Misses M. and S. H. Johnson,
Mrs. Wilhelm. sister of the Misses John
son; Mrs. Hawley.
, On. Chocolate .Creek — Mr. ¦.Gilaspey, Sol
Lewis, Mrs. Proctor of Rosenberg.
At Marvin— Mr. Bumpas, H.'H. Rich
ardson Jr., Mrs. Jules -A. Tix of Galves
ton County. ' "
On .Houston Creek— J. McClain.
At Ingleton— F. Williams, F. J. Duff,
son and three unknown. .
"At Bookside — W. ¦ B. Smith's daughter,
agefl 16. .
.'At Columbia— Perry Campbell and three
unknown negroes.
At Dickinson— Three ladles, mother and
two'daujrhters, and seven unknown men.
. At Hitchcock— William Johnson and
wife, .William and! Robinson, LJnnin, Mary
Mohrla, Mr. Palermo, wife and five chil
dren, unknown woman, unknown boy.
George Young, wife and four children, T.'
XV. O'Connor and wife of Alvin, Miss J.
W. Collins, J. P. Hawley, Hiram Johnson
and wife. .-- Dominio (child), Mrs. Joq
Meyer, several unknown found on prairie,
three * unknown found on a fence To
tal, 42.
.At League City— W. A. Williams. Mrs.
Letitia Schultz, Mrs. Sophia jSchultz.
"¦At Morgan Point— Louis Bracquail, Billy
Jones. ;
"At Patton— B. Landrum," wife and five
children; — Aikens, wife and child; Mrs.
REVISED LIST
OF -DEAD OUTSIDE
OF GALVESTON
Says No One but Himself and His
Wife Knows Why He Left
New York.
LONDON, Sept. 15.— James J. Corbett.
the pugilist,- and George Considine, his
manager, arrived in London to-day. Mar
guerite Corneille and her mother occu
pied a separate compartment on the same
train. Corbett went direct to the Hotel
Cecil and the Corneilles went to a private
hotel in the West End. Corbett said:
"r*o one aside from my wife and Consi
dine knows why I came to Europe. I have
good reasons, and if my wife wants to
tell the truth I am perfectly willing she
should do so. It is h«rturn."
When questioned concerning his plans
for the future, Corbett replied: "I am
liable to leave London at any moment and
you may be sure no one will know when
or where I go. If I had eloped with Misa
Corneille I certainly would not leave her
and go to a separate hotel as soon as I
arrived here. If any one thlnk3 I did
elope this will undeceive them. It is all
nonsense, and no one knows It better than
my wife."
Another Plague Case.
GLASGOW, Sept. 15.-Another plague
case has been reported here, making a
total of seventeen. In addition there is
one suspect and 115 persons under obser
vation.
Susan B. Anthony HI.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., Sept. 15.-Susan B.
Anthony is ill at her home, having suf
fered a collapse last Monday. Members
CORBETT SILENT AS
TO HIS FUTURE PLANS
Says He Does Not Resemble the Man
Who Fled From the Scene of
the Goebel Murder.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Sept. 15.— The How
ard trial was resumed to-day. Comraoa
wealth Attorney Franklin being ill, Judge
Williams was appointed prosecutor. Dr.
W. F. Phillips of Manchester testified to
conversations he had with Howard re
garding the assassination cf Goebel.
Lieutenant John Ricketts testified that
after the shooting he saw a man jump
the rear fence near che executive build-
Ing. The man, he thought, had a gray
mustache and he did not believe Howard
wa$ the man.
Jailer Lackey of Madison County said
Howard called on him at Richmond and
told him that he had been at Frankfort
and had gone home, but received a mes
sage to return. Howard said: "You may
rest assured I will never go to the peni
tentiary for the murder of George Ba
ker."
•The theory of the prosecution is that Im
munity from prosecution for the Baker
murder was promised Howard as a re
ward for. killine; Goebel.
Lieutenant Ricketts also incriminated
Toutsey again, the same as in the Pow
ers trial. W. D. Weaver testified that
when Howard returned from Frankfort
to London to appear for trial for the mur
der of Baker Judge J. H. Tinsley met him
and shook hands with him, saying: "Jim
T heard through my son what you didjat
Frankfort and I want to congratulate
you." Howard, he says, nodded- and
smiled.
RICKETTS TESTIFIES
IN HOWARD'S FAV03
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 15.— Subscriptions
amounting to $15 were received by .A. A.
Morey at the People's Bank, for Galves
ton *• sufferers. A. N. Hedgpath of this
city, on his way from Nome, .learned of
the Galveston disaster at Seattle. Hav
ing a sister in that city, he. felt much
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 15.— The relief
fund In , this city for Galveston sufferers
now amounts to $1000. . ;
Coast Cities Contribute.
CHTCAGO, Sept. 15.— A telegram was re
ceived here to-day from E. W.' Bleckle, an
insurance* agent of New Orleans, saying
his r wife and, children and | grandchildren,
numbering fifteen. 'who were In Galves
,ton during the storm, were under -one
roof when the storm rose. They ran
frantically to various places, seeking ref
uge, and became separated. For days
each supposed most of the others had lost
their lives. Mrs. Bleckio telegraphed to
day that they had all escaped uninjured
and were reunited.
REXJNITED AFTER THE STORM
Our association is able and will take care of
all its unfortunate members and I appeal to you
in the name of charity and love to assist us in
caring for those not so fortunate. Remit, what
yoii can by postoffice or express money order
to James E. Ludlowt secretary. San Antonio,
Texas. Secretaries of all local T. P. A. posts
willTecelve and remit . your subscriptions. I
trust that this appeal to the traveling m«n will
b* met by a quick response. Sincerely and
fraternally. D. W. MICHAUX.
President Texas T. P. A.- of America. Hous-
Whereas. A great calamity has befallen the
city of Galveston. and thousands of dead, dylns
and wounded are to he cared for by our united
and benevolent people; and whereas, a number
of traveling mtn are reported seriously.wound
ed, therefore, to care for immediate wants I
deem it necessary to call on the traveling men
to contribute as much as la in their power to
h»>lp and assist our ("trlcken companions.
.HOUSTON, Tex^. Sept. 15.— President
Mlchaux of the Texas Travelers' Protec
tive Association' has issued the following
appeal to members of the organization
throughout the United States: ' . .
"GALVESTON, Tex., Sept. 14.— To the
Associated Press. Memphis, Tenn.: I am
In receipt of thousands of telegrams of
fering assistance and inquiring about ab
sent friends and relatives. All of these
have been promptly answered, but re
stricted communication has probably
served to cause delay in transmission and
delivery. The telegraph companies are
doing all in their power to restore prompt
communication with the outside world
and have already partly succeeded and I
am assured that within the next few days
normal conditions with reference to tel
egraphic communication will prevail. The
situation in Galveston has been in most
instances accurately reported and the dis
tress of the people 13 great. Galveston
and vicinity need at oAce the assistance
of all the people. Remittances of money
should be made to John Sealey. treasurer
relief committee, acknowledgement of
which will be made In due course of time
as promptly as conditions will permit.
"WALTER C. JONES, Mayor."
APPEAL TO TRAVELING MEN.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., Sept. 15.— The follow
ing telegram from Mayor Jones was re
ceived here to-day:
SENDS INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE ABSENT
At Velasco 1 — Rev. Father Keene. L.. W.
Perry.- Sam Blis*. Mrs. Parker and grand
daughter. .:¦.•:; ¦¦':',
At Virginia Point— Tv.o children o* Mrs.
Wright.. Mrs. I^-eon Cleary and three chil
dren. • — Sylvester, three negroes, two
r.ejrro women, Louis Demong"euse.
At Messing Station— Foreman Kiiby,
with fourteen wh'te men.
At Sc-abrooke— Mrs. Fred May. Mrs.
Pflinger. Mrs. Vincent and three children,
Mrs. S. K. llilhenny. Haven Hilhenny,
child of Rice Davids, Mrs. Dr. Nicholson.
Mrs. Jane Woodlock, two unknown.
At Roscbercr— J. L. Cantrill. Rev. Mr.
Wattson. Coleman Norman of Needville,
Mrs. Robert Dawson's infant, child of Mrs.
Grapjjiss: child of Mrs. Kirkpatrick; child
of Mrs. Palmer, Charles Scott, Mary
Hughes.
At Richmond— Eighteen reported lost;
names unknown.
At Sandy Point — Eight negroes; names
unknown.
Slatom and child; Trancy Linton. wife
and five daughters; A. Vtnson, wife £nd
child of Liverpool, Tex.; Jobn Gluspey.
At Quontano— Fifteen convicts: six
bodies picked up on beach; unknown.
Denounced by Firemen.
DES MOIXE3, Iowa, Sept. 13.— Th«
Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen to
uay adopted resolutions denouncing tha
Governor of Idaho for maintaining niar
tiaj law In the Cceur d'Alene district, the
Gove " iaaen t f ° T sending regular troops
and Congress for refusing to make public
the testimony taken at the invesiurarion
by the House committee last winter.
of her fam^*- say her condition la not
alarming. ¦: STie is SO years old.
— -—•.
HAVANA. Sept. 15— The Mayor of San
Nicholas, province of Havana, telesrraphs
to Governor General Wood that a sub
scription hH,s been opened there for the
benefit of tho Texas sufferers. The storm
destroyed the lighthouses and lightships
along the south coast of Cuba. These are
to be replaced forthwith.
CUBANS TO SEND AID.
STOCKTON, Sept. 15.— Stockton'3 sub
scription for the Galveston relief fund
amounts to more than *1500. To-day the
money raised by R. C. and R. E.
U'iihoit. amounting to $1250. was wired to
the Governor of Texas. Mrs. E. F. Mc-
Mullin called at a local hank ;o-day and
handed in J-00 as her subscription. She is
a well-known society woman of San
l-'rancifcii arid Sicokton and has a large
ranch in this county.
FRESNO, Sept. 13.— The citizens' com
mittee's contribution to the relief
fund to-day was JTOO. The fund con
tributed by lodires is about WOO. mating
in all from Fresno so far about $1100.
A meeting was held in Watsonville this
evening to deviae ways and means for
raisins money for the sufferers.
SAX DIEGO. Sept. 15.— Collections for
the benefit of Galveston sufferers will be
taken up in most of the churches of this
city to-morrow. Subscriptions to the
fund started by the Daily Union aggre
gate $555 up to this evening-.
alarmed. Yesterday he learned that she
had escaped the storm and Is alive. -
Couinauy . ...^ .... 25 OO
Here is what the Chamber of Com
merce did. Only }5S5 was forwarded yes
terday owing tc the early closing of the
banks, but the rest will go on Monday.
This Is the- list:
Previously reported .$707
rnsf Ilroa . . 1O
tlnllour. Gnthrle A- Co 1O!>
William K. MlRhell 21)
GcorRt; Ii. Dornin *• ' SO
KolilherK & i'o 7,
S. KoRhtnnd &. Co .. 25
i'arnfline I'aint Cnmpnn)- -23
The Ilawlett AVErelioune. Co.... .25
Charles I'. & Co ' 1O
John Metenlfe 1<»
John C. and l*iI\Tnr<l Coleman.. Km
John rartridee 5
W. II. Grace & Co 25
.lames I). Ilalley 20
It. II. Warfield 7t Co 2<»
J. Ivancorleh & Co !i
Cnllfornta Cotton Mill* Co 25
Slcivnri VenEtett 25
.Itibn W. IVrrld ¦ ,J()
Tii'-flina Mill Co , >6O*
Mntnal !,i(li"sr»;i!i and Label Co 25
Then there Is the Board of Trade with a
total at noon yesterday of $4462 50. This is
yesterday's list of subscriptions:
Charlen R. Allen $1OO OO '
\V. A- J. Monni' A- Co. ....... too mi
.1. J. IMinl'T Knlttlnqr Co.... ¦ 2O OO
Stelnberuer &. Kallnher. . . . . 25 OO
Cnnninshnm, <TnrtifiH &
Welch ...,..., Zn OO
Pnrrott «& Co . r»O OO
Till ma i! n «t Ilendel 5O-<)O
Ilanrr Ilrox. & Co. ......... 2O OO
It. Hart &¦ llro SO OO
Jnlen Levy .1; llro. .......... 25*OO
HlrKclifelder « Uc-anrr 25 OO
California Aolion ni»«l Toy
Dear Sir: I herewith inclose cheek for two
liundrM an-1 fifty (1250) dollars, the amount
sulwcrlbed by the members of the Board of
State Harbor Commissioners and employes
under this commission, for the relief of the
Galvestcn sufferer*. Yours truly,
PARIS KIL-BURN,
President Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
The following: was received by Mr. Hell
man too late to be reported at the meet-
The Ancient Order of Hibernians are to
the front with 5500 as their Ktiare toward
the great work of aid. The State treas
urer. John P. Henry, was fnstructed to
telegTaph to the county president of GaJ
veston their first donation.
A communication was received from the
Western Union Telegraph Company, of
fcrin? to transmit all messages for the
committee free of charge. The offer was
accepted and a note of thanks was ten
dered the company. It was decided to
give notice to the public that subsciptions
by check may be made payable to the
Bank of California, Treasurer.
The Merchants' Association, through Its
president, offered the use cf its rooms to
the committee for a business office and
the services of its employes for clerical
work, which offer the committee accepted
with thanks.
It ' w.is resolved to change the name of
the' committee to California State relief
corr.mittte for Texas sufferers.
F. \Y. Dohrmann submitted a subscrip
tion of Sl^W from the dried fruit shippers
of Ben Francisco, which thry requestc.i
be forwarded to Galveston in tluir nam:.
The subscription was accepted and or-
Cercd remitted as requested.
Chairman I-ioKmann rc-pirted the follow
ing subscriptions received by him:
Ant. iiorol & Co ?IO<»
I. T. Dcrffin 100
CoItitHl>an Savins* and Loan So
cietr SO
E. S. Heller 2O
'ash o
Jotieph II. Lancrtry "U
Liiberal Subscriptions Made.
Committee on corr>oratlor.s— F. TV. Dohrmann,
Nathan-Dohrmarn Co., 121 Sutter; A. A. Wat
kins. Montague & Co.. 2Qy Market; Robe.it J.
ToUin. Hlbernla Savin&s and Loan Society,
McAllister and Jones. *
Sp'-'dai committee-st-large— Claus Spreckels,
XT. Mark-t.
Wines, liquors and breweries— Charles BunJ
schu, Gundtech-Durdschu Wine Company, Mar
ket ar.d Second; John D. Siebe. Slebe Brca &
Plagemann. S22 Sansome; E. R. Lllienthal,
Crown Distilleries Company, 100 Front.
Tailors' cloths ani trimmings— Sylvain-V.'eill.
Stein, Simon £: Co.. Market ana Second; Joseph
Baumgarten, J. Baumgarten & Co.; 7 Mont*
gomery; Solomon Reiss, Reiss Bros. & Co.. 24
Sutter. .
Teas and coffees— A. Schilling, A. Schilling
& Co.. 1CS Market: Walter Cattle. Castle Bros..
I>avls and Sacranifnto; EiJward L. Labajie, S.
II. Tiler & Fon. 310 Front.
Shirr-inp— Frank J^hn?'O. Johr.scn-Iyockt' Mer
cantile Company. California and Front; R<?bfi-i
B. Hule. W. R. Grace & Co.. California and
Battery: Edwin R. Diracnd, 'YrillUms. Dimcsd
& Co^ V.2 Market. •
stationers— A. H. Vail. Sanborn. VaO & Ca.,
741 Market; Samuel B. "Welch. Cunningham.
Curtiis & Welch. 321 Sar.some; Cutter L. Bane
*tell, Bonestcll & Co.. 401 San&cme.
Restaurants — C. A. Zinkand. Zinkand Cafe.
SI'T Market; M. Johnsrn. Johnson Restauraru
Company. ;s Mor.tprinerN-: P. Priet, Marchand's
Restaurant. O^ary and Vtocluon.
Frank Eastman. Prajik Eastman & Co.. 5C9
Clay.
Produce and commission— Al H. Wbltiwr. C. '
E. Whitney & Co.. 110 Davis; George H. Whea- «
ton. Wheston, Brpcn & Co.. 107 California; R. i
P. Rfthet. Welch & Co.. 2M Caiifcrnla.
Rf-al estate — O. D. Baldwin. O. r>. Baid'win I
& Fon, 22 Moiltponipry; Gustave H. I'mbsen, j
G. H. Uir.bstn & Co., 14 Montsromery; Weadsll |
Easton. Eastbn. Eldrifiire & Co., SK MarkM.
Knhn I5ro«.. Klein «fc Co.... 2O O;>
llchn A- Xatlian 2O Oi»
Zobel * n<>nner ...» 2i> <>1»
E. S. Plllfbnry 2T» OO
T. 1« Barker 2.1 OO
Ceorcf W. fithbs Co lOO OO
Cliarlen J. Simon JO OO
John AVoodlocK - .• 5 O<>
I5n rncli A- Co .25 OO
Kiil'ln:nn. *lnl2 A Co "23 O<>
C. A. Lanse .' 2 JSO
t'llnton K. Worden & Co..:. 2O.O!)
Muser Bros ttD OO
C. R. WInsIon- & Co 'JO OO
Wllmerdirjsr. LoeWe »t Co. . . . 25 OO
fieorcre M. Tr.ylor. 2."5 OJ>
M. Dlirnii'.iM' Co 25 <M>
Hani Sadler Co ya OO
Deere Implement Co ilS OO
Martin Pipe and Foundry Co. 2O Oo
Joliti riartln A Co i!O OO
A. L. rjryau Slice Co 2"» OO
The total collection of the London. Paris
and American Bank at noon yesterday
was 512-57. Subscriptions were as follows:
California Jewelry Co $25
L. V. P 1
M. Xlckelbnrs 5
Davl», Ilelnu <£: Co SO
A. J. Hrnprno Sonn 2«l
S. F. Vfrrln iT.%
II. Mebcs 50
Mis* \V. S 1
II. Levy 25
S. G .' 1O
M. Schnssler & Co £5
w. c. c : c
R. A ."»
Cash S
J. A. nalsirl 1
The California Red Cross Society and
the Society of San Francisco acknowl
edge with gratitude the liberality of their
many f Mentis and report the folowing do
nations received for the Texas sufferers:
The California lied Cross
Society jps.io on
St. Helena Ite»J Crn»« Society -."» <><>
,»,)mii;in Ited Cross Society. . V. GO
Mrs. D. I\ Marshall :t oo
Mrs; Captain Uurth 1 <»(>
>Irx. A. Ilnrnetl 1 O«>
II. 31. Daiter 1O (Ml
3ir!>i. K. S. Hrejfosrle tt BO
Friend H <M>
Mrs. J. A. de Creayor 1O GO
Thomnx Ilorton ."it
5Jr«. S. J. Webber 2 oo
A large quantity of clothing suitable for
men, women and children has also been
received with other necessaries. The so
ciety has opened headquarters for cash
and clothing at 306 Sutter street.
Mayor Phelan reports subscriptions as
follows:
M* A. Gnnnt <fc Co ?5O
Henry Lush ••••• 5
F. T. Masfto. ltoivranu, Cal ....... .">
I'll tun Can Co 25
lAttytl Unborne 3
Tliomns Dunignn, Son »t Co..... 50
ChrlHtlan Froelich Jr HO
George W. I'rencott .T^BO
A. .M. Skelly 25
John H. lluntiiiK. IlnUersileld. . . 25
Freda. O. Hun tins:, Dakernfleld. . S
William Khrenpfort 1O
Kohlbrrs, Slnniss & I'roliuinn . . 11)
T. V. Randolph, Oakland 1
Brewers' Protective AMsociatton.SOO
J. B. Scliwabnuher 10
Aided by Little Pianists.
Little Paloma Schramm and her sister,
Karla, gave a piano recital yesterday
afternoon at Sberman-Clay Hall to aid
the Galveston sufferers. The hall was
Ttindly lent for the occasion by Mr. Sher
man, Owens & Varney gave their services
toward advertising the affair and in
pplte of the short notice a large audience
greeted the two little Rirls, whose sweet
and thoughtful sympathy makes the Gal
veston fund $170 the* richer. k
The programme was a long and varied
one and little Karla made her first ap
pearance as a soloist— as a programmed
soloist— with much eclat. She played
the Field "Nocturne No. 1", and Durand's
"Concert Valse." The afternoon was also
nuwle the occasion for. the hearing of a
new duet by Paloma. "The Battle of the
Giants," an amusingly impressive affair,
but showing musical growth- even since
the "Yosemite Impromptu," which was
itself . considerably in advance of her
earlier work. Other numbers were
Bach's "Chromatic Fantaisie,"-."Schmet
terling" of Greig, "Liebestraum,'.' Llzst;
a Chopin^-."Impromptu" and a couple of
Scarlatti's. -._ -w .' , - ¦¦:¦: -;
Ethical Institute Will Aid.
.The Ethical Institute of. San Francisco
proposes to assist all in its power to aid
the sufferers of the Texas hurricane and
flood. At this evening's' meeting: inrMet
ropolltan Temple a special collection 'will
be taken up to help swell the fund. Ben
jamin Fay Mills will deliver a lecture o*t
"What Shall We do With Our Sundays?"
A wejl-selected musical programme • will
be 'a feature of the evening's entertain
ment. • ?- - .
MISS CLARA BARTON, PRESIDENT OF. THE NATIONAL RED
CROSS, WHO HAS GONE TO GALVESTON WITH A STAFF OF AS
SISTANTS.
Co., US Oajr; £. C Hushes, Sll Eansome;
WITT! open h^art ar.d loosened
purse ftrinps millionaire and
workman of penerou?, large
hearted Ean Francisco have
come forward and helped heap
high the gold and clothing and food and
rym?athy *vh!rh p«r>r. Ftricken Galveston
fo porrly r.eods.
"TVfcat can we An to help?*' Is the ques
tion every inhabitant cT this city Is want
**i to 8!=k of MiriFoif. and the answer will
add another leaf to the great tree of char
ity planted blit a fev days ago and whose
fruit is already ripe.
Pleasure is Invariably »n open sesame
to the pockets «f Pan Franciscans, and
when they kn^w that thrir dollars, halve*
and charters uro to go straient to aH a
people in dire stress they are never found
wanting.
John Hamm«>r?m'.th has arranged a
f?ast of athletic games to take plnce at
Mechanics' Pavilion on Monday niarht.
The performer? are members of the Olym
pic Club and a guarantee of the best in
jrymnastic stunts. Two thousand tickets
have already heen disposed of. but this
is nnt nearly #.11 the Pavilion will hold.
No one need He backward, and the «=e-!»ts
fire only 5-1 rents. The hand of the First
Regiment will provide the music, under
:hi> baton of «'harles F. Stone.
Here If a. detailed li«t of what the Rcf5
Crpn and the Board nf Trade and the ,
<-*riamb o r of Or.rr.merc* and aM the rest i
of the busy workers have been dciDg, •
All fet-1 the result of their efforts very •
prarifyinjr. but. like Olh er Twist, they '
<~ry for "more."
Wots, of Stats Committee.
The California State Relief Committee
for the Galveston Sufferers, the new title i
r,f the relief workers, met yesterday morn- j
Ing Et the Nevada National Bank. I. XV. {
Hellman prrridod and the following mem- i
h<»rs of the committee were present: Claus j
Bpredcds, Robert J. Tobin, William Al- j
vrrd. A. A. Watkir.?, F. W. Dofarmasn i
f.nd Oeorce A. Xewhall. The corr.mittee '
ordered that the following letter be sf-nt
to the Mayor, the chairman of the B^ard j
rf Supervisors and the Sheriff of each !
cr«sty in California:
IV>ar Sir: His Ex?e'.l«>nry Oovemor Henry T. j
Oapc fia-s arpotnt«-<i tib* un<2erFljrne<l to act as [
? State BBBtOtttM for th«> purpose of making j
¦ur.lte<» and systematic efforts to collect funcs *
for th«» sufferer* fmm the calamity which has
hefillen one nf cur sifter cities, and further
f> re<^*!ve *uoh fur.ds as ir.ay r^rvslt and for
wajil th«in to the ftrickT. city, and keep proper j
account of same, fo that th» total ail rendered j
by th# Plat* of California may b« fhowa.
The eotmnlttee err'sif to you to lmme-iiat^ly
trform the S;at» committee what efforts are
already ar.iT way in your city cr section,
*+rAlr.g rjimtrr of oomrr.ittees already in action,
end tn Snitiat* activ<? measures for co!I«vtinR j
fund? when cr.mrr:Ittee« aty inadequate j
or n^ne have yet been rireanlzcl.
AH corr.rr.'.ttees are particular'}' rcrjuestel to j
eend to this olflre full lists of subscriptions ob- j
tain* d. whether funds have fceen cr will, be r<?- (
m!ttefi direct ftr sent throuch the State eomir.it- j
tee. so that proper record may be made and j
rrejtf r enfitt be pivf-n to e&eh locality, as well j
&e to the entire fta.te.
H'^inir for your h<?a.rty ass'.ftunci! and co-op
eration in thii -worthy cause, we remain, etc..
The press throughout the State Is to be
per.t a copy of this letter, with a note ask
ing them to give full publicity to tho
f?.ae.
Sub-Committees Chosen.
Apr f T'dcd Is r list ot the sub-commit
tees appointed for collectlr?? tind soliciting
subscriptions. A r!anoe at the nature of
?'ach v.VA show the complete list of com
forts which 8re to be sent a.« speefiily us j
possible to the- etricken. sorroxc-btirdened,
sta.'.-»-ing- city:
Bet? ar.d shoest— Slepfri*fl X'.ckfirturi?. Cahn,
.N'.ckelFbunr & Co.. 12? Fanscme; TValter Hosie. j
T'r.ited Wcrk'ijmen'ii Boct and ?hr^« Comrar.y. !
J? Fe'vsrrd; Isaac I*. Rrrsenthal. Ttosenthal's. 337
Keamy.
Banks— J. K. VT'lson. Pan Franclseo Natlonf.l
Bar.V. fM.ioT.f an-1 Pine: PlRmund *»re»i»
bcurv LT.din. Faris and Air.frican Bar.k. Fut
t*T and FinMtw: P. X. Lilienthal. Anplo-Ca!i
f^rr.'.a?! Hsrli. Ji*0 fi-fom?.
Figaro an 1 * t^baco— Morris Feintueh, Thr-
TVn-theimer Co . 3 natt?n - : M. Claskower. M.
niaskoiw-r Ft Co.. ?ZZ Mor.tjromery: Frede'irk R.
I>rinkhouse. J. A. Drinkhouae ft Co., 227 Bat
ttrr.
riothinjr-E. S. RcthchlM, IrWrr.p.n. n^.th
ohild 4 Co.. 11 Battery: J. "W. Pujphael. Ra
rhaei's. S Kmrnj; A. Brown. Brown Bros. &.
<:<-.. 121 BusMme.
<~o*\ dealers— ChRrle? U. A!len. Mi Steuart:
P. B. Cornwall, Ci*k Diamoni Coal Mining
Cmr-paiiT. 450 Main; Louis Rofs^nfeld. John
Roranrfeld'F Sons. 2^ Fannome.
Crorkery— S. Pternheim. F. Stemheim & Son,
ry Market^ Maurice niock.i Ar.gio-Arrerican
Crocker>- and Iranitrware Comr-any. l r -S Pine;
Benjamin Schioss. Schl««e Crockery Company.
413 Market.
Draymen— Jame* McXab, McKab & Smith,
VZ Davis; C. B. Bode. C. B. RMe & Co.. VA
Battrr;-; O. W, Emnon«, 212 California.
T'TUtcr— Leon Gursrenhelm. Mack & Co., JJ
Fremont: J. R. Gates, J. R. Gates & Co., 417
Ssnsome: C. YT. Handall. Wakelee & Co.. Bu«h
end Montcomer>-.
Dry roods— T4rr>m«.n Fa'-hs.. Sachs Bro*. &
Co.. Bush and San~onie: A<Jam Grant, Murphy.
Orar.t &• Co., 10-1 Pansome: M. S. K^hlberj,
Kehlberr, Srrausg & Frohman. 107 Post.
7"ru!t and nmduc"! — James 55. PortT
Brc*. Comntny. Drumm and Vi'ashin^ton; L.
O. firesovich, L. O. Sreso^ch & Co., E21 Fan
ecme. _,'.:,
Furr.iture— Gf<crF* D. Coott. W. & J. Plr,a n »
& Co. 114 Pjst; C, K. \Vrt«, C. F. Weber &
Co. 3<W Po«t; Hamilton Pagre, Indianapolis
FuiTiiturr <^orrrany, ~A Mirston. '.'*': ',"
<Jrocerr— H. I>. Lovriand. Tiilmann & Beni<«l.
S27 Hatten-: II. H. Ph^rwood. Sherwood & Sher
woM. r.2 Mai+.et; F. Sufvman, Sussman,
Wormrer &¦ Co.. Market and Main.
Hardware— WaVr field Baker & Ham
ilton. 2 Pine; Joseph Sloss. Miller, Sloss &
Beott. 3fiJ Market: Andrew Carripan. Dunham.
Carriran & Hayricn Co.. 3> Beale.
Hatters— C Hrrrmarn, C. Herrmann * Co.,
CIS Komv; Charles f.. Meup^drtrfTer. K. Meuss
lorff'ar & Son. S Kearny; Martin Triest, Triest
6z Cc 316 iiansome.
Kay an-1 prain— Jf.'* pb lla^npr. Scntt & Maj?
ner. C5 Sixth: W. IT, Chase. W. W. Chase &
Co.. ISC? Market: J. L. Vrrmcil. J. L. Vermeil
& Co., Seventh and Br^nnan.
Horn*— R. B. WarfieM, California Hotel; J.
C. KirkpatricW. Palace Hotel; J. R. Barker.
CoJorfal Hotel.
Insurance— W. J. Dutton.' Fireman's Fund
Insuraiwe c rt .. M California: C. A. Laton. Pal
atine Insurance Co., f-'t California; RoHa V.
Watt. Boyal Insurance Co., 301 Sansome;
Geonee K. Butler. Butler & Haldan. 4ft Cali
fornia: Cl.arU-s D. Haven. Liverpool and Lon
don an<3 Globe Inmranfe Co., <22 California.
Jewelers— \V. P. Morgan. Meridon Brltarjila
Co.. 134 Futter: Kenneth Mriroff, \V. K. Van
<!erslire & Co.. 135 Futter: Henr>" H. Hall. A. I.
Hall & £on,-CCS Market: Bruce Bonny, Shreve
tt Co.. Market and Pest.
Lumber— C. A. Hooper. C. A. Hooper & Co..
CM Front ; John IV>Ibeer. tlolheer fc Carsr-n. 10
California: E. M. llerrirk. Grays Harbor Com
mercial «'o.. 2T7 California. j
Machinery, foundries and Iron works— Henry I
T. Scott, Union Iron Works. 222 Market; P. j. j
Hendy. Jcshu*. '.Hendy Ma< - h!ne Works. 2*. Fro- |
mont: Georre E. Dow, George*!:. Do W Pumn
in? Machine Co.. First and Isatoma: L. n.
Mesde. RiEdon Iron Works, Howard and Beale.
Men's furnUhir.g- boo4»— S. vFeuchtwanger,
Neu«adter Brothers, 123 Sansome; _G. Brrnner,
Brenner-t;iman Co., 17 Battery; Bjror. G. Man
tle, George P. Ide & Co.. US Market.
Milliners— J. P. Currier, Carlson-Currier Co.,
S Sntter; R. I>. Tcplttz. R, L. TopUtz & Co..
!•*'• Market: Thomai N. Holm. Holm Sk Xathan,
612 Market; John C Spencer, Spent-t-r & Mltau,
102« Market.
Paints and oils— Charles Yates. Y&tes & Co..
117 Market: W. P. Ftilier. W. P. Fuller & Co..
Pine ac4 Froct; C. O. Clinch. C. O. Clinch &
Co.. 3 Front.
Prlrters—C. A. MurdncV. C. A. Murdock &
From Among the Business Men Sub-Committees .ire Appointed
to Secure Additional Funds for the Texas Sufferers-Liberal
Contributions Continue to Pour in From Many Sources.
Third district, Fourth street to Eighth,
north of alley between J and K— E. I.
Galvin n.nd H. R. Thomson.
Fourth district. Fourth street to Eighth,
south ,p r -»alley between J and K-^-C. C.
Robertson and F. II. Krebs.
Fifth' district, east of Eighth, north of
alley between J and K— R. H. Hawley and
Robert Martyr.
Sixth district, east of Eighth, south of
alley between J and K— J. O. Coleman and
O. F. Washburn.
The benefit at the Clunie Opera-house
last nig-ht by the- Cogill-Cooper Company
netted 1160 60 for the- Galveston sufferers.
The Ladies of the Maccabees have ap
pointed committees to arrange for the
benellt entertainment to be given by
them. Rev. Charles L. Mlel, rector of St.
Paul's Episcopal Church In this city, has
announced that the entire offering of the
congregation to-morrow will be given the
State committee to be sent to Galveston.
Special prayers will be offered for the
dead and bereaved of that unfortunate
city.
Oakland Red Cross Work.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— The Oakland Red
Cross Society will" meet next Monday
morning in the Ebell rooms to formulate
plans of relief for the Galveston sufferers.
The members of the society have been
active since the first awful news from the
Texas city, but no concerted action will
be' taken until Monday.
Among those who lost all their belong
ings in the 'fury of the wind and water
are F. G. Karno and family, formerly of
this city. I'\uno has been in Qalveston
about three years.
Attorney Dudley Kinsell has received
word of the safety of his brother, Ben
jamin Kinsell, who was at tirst reported
as drowned. Benjamin Klnsdll had been
attending medical college in the Sealy
Hospital, which was wrecked.
John Schumacher to-day deposited with
Mayor Snow $10 to be sent to the flood
sufferers.
•
Nevada City's Generosity.
NEVADA, Sept. 15.— The committee ap
pointed at last -night's mass-meeting to
raise funds for the relief of the Galveston
sufferers to-day met with a generous re
sponse on every hand and raised about
I-VK). Nevada City's total contribution
will approximate $700 by Monday. Milo
Lodge, Knights of Pythias/ and Nevada
Commandery, Kniphts Templar, have
cech forv.adfd 625 to their brothers in Ga!
ve«ron. ¦ To-morrow at GSenbrook Park
there will b-; a balloon ascension and
races, with excursion trains from this city
and Grass Valley, the gate money going
to tho relief fund. *
Belief Fund Benefit.
OAKLAND. Sept. lo.-The Sons of Her
mann will give an amateur theatrical per
formance at Germania Hail, Sunday even
ing, September 23. for the benefit of- the
Galveston sufferers.
, 1 — «
BODIES BURNED
WITHOUT ATTEMPT
AT IDENTIFICATION
C^ ALVESTOX, Sept. 15.-Every hour
brings Galvestoii nearer to nor
-— - mal conditions and the Improve
I ment of each day shows a decided
gain over tfce preceding. It will
bo weeks and possibly months before the
city will be in good running Shape, but
matters are fast rounding Into a condition
which, compared with the chaos in the
early part of the week, is comfort and
happiness.
The great immediate need qt the city
at present Is nione^y — not subscriptions,
hut cold, hard cash. It Is needed in every
direction and for a multitude of purposes.
.The most important of these Is to pay the
men. who are cleaning up the streets. Ad
jutant Scurry said: "I have not a dollar
to pay the men who are working in the
streets atl day long. I am not able to
say to a single one of these men, 'You
shall be paid for your work.'
"We must have this city cleaned up at
any cost and with the greatest possible
speed. If it Is not done with all haste
and at the fame time done .well, there
may bo a pestilence, and if it once breaks
out here it will not be Galveston alone
that will surfer. Such things spread and
It is not only for the sake o» this city, but
for others outside of this place, that 1
urge that, above all things, we want
money.
".Of all the poor people here, not one has
anything. A majority of them could not
furnish a single room in which to com
menco housekeeping, even though they
had the money to rebuild the room. These
people have absolutely nothing except
what is given them by the relief commit
tee. They are In a condition of absolute
want, they iack everything, and save for
the splendid generosity of the nation they
would be utterly without hope."
The work of burning bodies is still going
on, they being hurried to fires as soon as
possible after being taken from the water.
AH of last night and all of to-day there
were numerous fires along the shore and
in every one of them were from three to
twenty bodies. There Is no longer the
slightest attempt at Identification. No
effort Is made to ascertain whether the
body is that of white or colored persons.
All of them have been so long in tho
water under a blazing sun that It would
be exceedingly difficult to determine the
identity of any body, unless by the cloth-
Ing, and In most cases the bodies are des
titute of garments.
"Pull them out of the water as soon as
possible and throw them Into the flames
as soon as taken from the water," Is the
order, and It Is effectually carried out.
LOCAL RELIEF WORK GOES BRAVELY ON
t;"i.-': - - '¦<¦ ¦-¦•¦¦».;¦¦ ...-¦•;-. •. ¦ - . s .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If all women who ars suffering with any form of fomafe weakness would write to Dr. Hartman, Columbus
Ohio, and giv3 him a complete description of their symptoms and the peculiarities of their troubles, he wiir
immediately rapfy with complete directions for treatment, free of charge.
"Health and Beauty," a book written especially for women, sent fr&o by Or* Hartman, Columbus
Ghso. ¦' .
A great proportion of women have some catdrrhal weakness which has been called by the various doctors
she has consulted by as many different names. These women have been treated and have taken medicines with
no relief, simply because the remedies ere not adapted to catarrh. It is through a mistaken notion as to the real
nature of the diseases that these medicines have been recommended to them.
Catarrh is' a very frsqusnt cause of that class of diseases popularly known as female weakness. Catarrh of
the pelvic organs produces such a variety of disagreeable and irritating symptoms that many people — in fad, the
majority of people — have no idea thai they are caused by catarrh.
The nerves furnish the force which.
makes the blood circulate. If the nerrea
be woak. or overworked or Impaired ia
any way, poor circulation Is th« result.
"Several cases have come under my per-
sonal observation and I have been highly
gratified to see the patleot cared la evwry
instance. I have tried It myself and fia<X
tt a very valuable toaia"*
Cordially yours.
Mrs. A. C Jacksoo.
"It seems to be especially of value vh«r«
nerve filaments axe In disorder. <Slffe*t:e:s
deranged or disturbances created ei:he*
in the pelvic or respiratory organs.
"I desire to congratulate you on t>.» tso-
cess which you have obtained la plactey
before the public a medicine at ones o
harmless and efficacious as Peruna.
Mrs. A. C Jackson. X>emocr&t3o Sfeetov
Board of Lady Managers World's Coluia-
biau Exposition, in a letter from the Slier*
man House. Chicago. 111., says:
Depression of the nervous system Is a
fertile source of blocd impurities. Peruna
invigorates the system and produces reg-
ular sleep. It builds up the system run
down by overwork. -^.
"Weakness of the nervous system not
only produces catarrh of the mucous
membrane but also causes nervous pros-
tration in some cases, and different de-
srees of nervous debility, derangements
of the stomach, sleeplessness and tired
out- feelings. .
Mlsa Matt*e L. Guild. PresWert TlHr.ots
Young People's Christian Temperance
union, in a recent letter from Chicago,
111., savs: .
"I doubt if Peruna has a rival In all the
remedies recommended to-dav for catarrh
of the system. A remedy that will cure
catarrh of the 6tom^ch will cure the same
condltkn of the mr.cous membrane any-
where. I have found It the best remedy
I have ever tried for catarrh, and believ-
ing It worthy my indorsement, I gladly
accord It" Yours truly,
Mattie L. Guild,
President I. Y. P. C. T. U.
Mrs. Col. K. L. Gresna.it.
People who have suffered from catarrh
d'irinp the winter generally s\:ffer from
nervous depressJon in consequence the<
following summer. (
"I cannot speak tco highly of the value
of Peruna. 1 believe that I owe my life
to its wonderful merits. I suffered with
catarrh of the head and lungs In Its worst
form until the doctors fairly gave me up.
and I despaired of ever getting well again.
\ "1 noticed your advertisement and the
splendid testinic.iials given by people who
had been cured by Peruna, and deter-
mined to try a bottle. I felt but little bet-
ter, but used a second and a third, and
kept pn Improving slowly.
It took six bottles to cure me, but they
.were worth a king's ransom to me, I talk
Peruna to all my friends and am a true
believer In its wcrth." •"<
Mrs. CoL B. I* Gresham, Kerndea, "VU.,
Treasurer Daughters of the, Confederacy,
also President «erndon Village Improve-
ment Society, writes the following to Dr.
Hartman In regard to Peruna:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pqor Digestion, Weak IServes,
Chronic Catarrh, jr a Tired Women.
IT'S IIP TO YOU :
YOU CiETTHEM CHEAP
Here U your chance. A bran n«w i>
lln» of Lodlea* Vici Kid I*c« Rioes. £¦
Just received. Very latest «tyU of «•
wide coin to«s and either kid or pat«Jt ?|
leather tir-s and with double soles. Vf» Ji>
ordered them for winter and they <ji
should have been leather-lined, but the '•'(>
manufacturers tnad« them Hnea-Uned '•'/'<
«nd we rejected them. We- Intended Jjl|
; to sell them at S3.00 a pair, but on ao- j!
count of the llnlns ws bought them ',',;
cheap and will offer them at 91.S5 a &
pair." All Bixes.and widths. i'i
\ Men's Alaska S«al Lace Shoes. >
! Guaranteed waterproof. "Latest styles. t
', Double soles and extension edgea. t
§3.OO a pair; with cork solea. $3.50. v
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
10 Third St., San Francisco.' ?
\tbc Ipcrfcd'on 6(7
\ I^Vftjrtr ? m! I /
\i|t8 Wy
"BDTTLhUfTHE mlmLERY^
BiR|-ASKe»KdL£5aM£. ,\ ,
(fadintteMetficd/Cepdrf/xents ofthe\
U.S. ARMY 8, NAVY Service J
William Wolff $ co. I
y Sam Francisco, distributors." I
6«»*rt oftmitaftoni or r*/f//e4 Bott/ts. jSan Benlto Democratic Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
HOLLISTER, Sept 15.—The Democratic
County Convention to-day nominated:
A. M. Cunningham for Assemblyman.
"W. A. Prescott. J. V?. Davis and S. F.
Majginetti for Supervisors.
ENGLAND IN THE
DARK REGARDING
ORIENTAL PLANS
Cbih Luh, the Chinese Min
ister, Confers With
Considerable importance Is attached to
the semi-official statement that Russia
recognizes the Impossibility of the allies
leaving Peking unless the Chinese Gov
ernment Immediately enters, so that there
nhall be no Interval without a government.
Additional confirmation of this view is
found in the fact that Russia haa resumed
Bending forces to China. This is entirely
oontrary to the supposed spirit of the
Russian note and prepares observers for
a change of plans after the apparent fall-
LONDON, Sept. 15.— Lord Salisbury Is
back at his post. Sir Chlh Luh, the Chi
nese Minister, had a conference at the
FSrelgn Office yesterday with Lord Salis
bury. The United States, German,
French and Russian representatives were
also there, yet not one of the great Lon
don dallies has a word of editorial com
ment on the subject that is uppermost In
the thoughts of the world's diplomats. It
is a striking exemplification of how com
pletely befogged is the public of every
European nation with regard to the pur
pose of their representatives. The Asso
ciated Press, however, hears from circles
In close touch with the Foreign Office
that a definite exposition of the diplomatic
situation and the aims of the powers may
be expected early next week, together
with some inkling as to how It is proposed
to attain the objects In view, but that at
present the main point of discussion con
tinues to be the question whether the
powers shall or shall not evacuate Peking.
This, it is reasserted, is already provision
ally settled negatively by Great Britain
and Germany, -.vho are hopeful of gaining
the united adhesion of the powers to a
temporary postponement of the scheme.
In the opinion of diplomatists, the way
has been somewhat cleared for the ac
complishment of this by the recent notes
from St. Petersburg explaining that Rus
sia's real intent is wholly different from
the meaning deduced from the text of the
original proposal, as Intimating that Rus
sia may compromise.
Socialist Convention.
raipc the amount here without the aid of
any bank."
The Bcersen Courier, Boer.sen Zeitung
and Cologne Volks Zeitung express them
selves similarly.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns authoritatively, however,
that German Government circles have
been most agreeably impressed by the
manner in which the German loan has
been taken up in the United States.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns from a person who saw Dr.
Mlquel, the Minister of Finance, this
afternoon that he is highly delighted with
the success of the lean.
A London paper's statement that this is
only an installment of a total of 200,000,000
marks is disproved here.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press called the Reichsbank officials' at
tention to the statement and they refused
to deny it. A representative of Dr.
Miquel, however, emphatically denied It.
Dr. Miquel Informed him that the Im
perial Government's needs are eatlsfled
for the present. The Associated Press In
formant also contradicted the statement
from New York that part of the loan will
be placed in Germany.
It 13 understood that the German Gov
ernment's motive In placing the loan in
America was the Berlin high financiers'
dissatisfaction, because the Government
placed the 200,000 loan of 1899 through a
single bank.
The Government wanted to show high
financiers that It is independent.
The Socialist party convention will open
to-morrow at Mayence. The Socialist
women's conference will begin the same
day The first convention's chief point of
issue is whether to generally participate
in the Prussian Diet elections.
Between Worms and Frankenstal there
has been laid bare an Immense tomb with
prehistoric remains four thousand years
old The skeletons show they are those
of a tall, strons race. The bodies were
buried in a stooping position.
Breslau University has changed the con
dition of doctorate promotions in philos
ophy requiring of the candidates gradua
tion from schools similar to the German
gymnasiums. •
The American colonies of Lelpslc, Dres
den and Stuttgart have called meetings to
raise frnds for the Texas sufferers.
The British embassy here knows noth
ing of the projected visit of Emperor Wll
lirrr. and the Crown Prince to the Queen
of England, as reported by a London
A meeting of Americans has been held
at the United States embassy here In aid
of the Texas sufferers. Resolutions of
sympathy were passed and 2000 marks
were subscribed. A committee consisting
of Secretary Jackson. Rev. Dr. Dickie and
Deputy Consul General Frederick von
Versen was appointed to solicit further
subscriptions.
Lord Salisbury's return to England has
quickened speculation as to the date of
the general election. Nobody outside the
Premier's political surrounding knows the
date of the dissolution, but the kingdom
will be in the throes of an election dur
ing the course of a few days. A procla
mation dissolving Parliament will in all
probability be signed at the council which
Officials in London take little stock in
the carping complaints of the Russophoe
bus, though they are fully alive to the
possibility of a Muscovite move in some
unexpected quarter, and perhaps also
some surprise from Geimany. They point
out that many allegations of intrigue,
founded on the most trivial incidents, and
others like the report that Li Hung Chang
is traveling under the protection of Rus
sia alone have already been disproved
They deprecate the attempts to manufac
ture international friction from such petty
causes.
Muscovite Move Expected.
ure of the policy favored in the original
note.
GERMANY WILL
INSIST CHINESE
BE PUNISHED
Situation Deemed to Be
Highly Unsatisfactory
and Complicated.
BERLIN, Sept. 15.— The Chinese situa
tion is here deemed to be highly unsatis
factory and most complicated, though no
sensational events are immediately ex
j pected and isolated action upon the part
' of any one power is not anticipated. Ac
! cording to the opinion here all the inter
j et»ted powers are too tirmly convinced of
j the importance of continued harmony and
solidity to jeopardize them when no ne
cessity calls for It. It is expected in
Berlin that neither Russia nor France
will withdraw their troops hurriedly from
Peking and it Is believed the United
States will not be in any greater hurry.
Information has reached this city that
Russia- in any event, will keep large
bodies of troops in China, not only in the
frontier provinces of Mongolia. Manchuria
; and Kirin, but also in the interior and
; the coast districts of Pechili. The mili
jtary commanders of thtK allied forces
have agreed that under the circumstance*
it is necessary to strengthen the tactical
j and etrateeical position of the interna
! tional forces in Pechili. Russia, too will
finish the railroad from Yanytsu to Pe
! king.
Demands Punishment.
j Regarding Germany's attitude she will
in any case Insist on severe punishment
being inflicted on the treacherous Chinese
authorities, to which purpose the confea
! sion of Baron von Ketteler's assassin
came opportunely. Germany will not ac
cept Yung Lu as a peace negotiator if
the charges made against Yung Lu that
he led the attack against the Peking lega
tions are Proved. But Germany, although
her Foreign Office insists on the principles
of severe punishment, does not oppose
peace with China, as shown yesterdav by
Dr. Mumm von Schwarzenstein. the Ger
man Minister to China, accepting Li Hune
Chang's visit at Shanghai. 5
The German papers are filled with mall
correspondence from China, mostly de
scribing in detail events until shortly be
fore the march upon Peking. AH the lot
ters agree in caying that Germany was
the only power not permitting looting and
maintaining the strictest discipline amone
her troops.
Object to the Loan.
The pspers to-<3ay nearly all condemn
tho placing of the German loan in the
United States, as calculated to humiliate
the nation.
The Vosslsche Zeltung publishes figures
6howlng the imperial Government had
140,000,000 marks on hand and says:
"Why. then, borrow abroad, thus put
ting Germany on a par with Russia and
smaller and lesa moneyed countries? Tho
empire would not have found It difficult to
companies through the services of an inter
mediary who voluntarily offered to act In that
capacity:
First— That the coal companies meet com
mittees of their own employes in the same
town on the same date, place and date to ba
mutually agreed upon.
Second— That falltng to accept the first propo
sition the companies to post notices simul
taneously, not later than September 20, that
on and after October 1 the Increase in wages
asked for be granted and the other evils com
plained of remedied.
Concerning the proposition to arbitrate, an
offer was made by the employes of the coal
companlps and sent out from Hazleton, Sep
tember 7, and following thr.t, the ofllcers of
the United Mine 'Workers, on behalf of the
employes, sent to the agents of each railroad
company controlling anthracite mines, offer
ing to submit the whole question to arbitra
tion.
The teleerams were sent from the Postal
Teleprnph office at Indinranoll« at 12:1.% mld
day. Wednesday. September 12. and no an
swer has yet been received, while the order
to strike would not take effect until Monday.
September 17. grivins ample time to accept any
proposition to arbitrate.
' JOHN' MITCHELL,. President,
\V. B. WILSON. Sec. Treas..
United Mine Workers of America,
ARCHBISHOP RYAN MAY
ACT AS ARBITRATOR
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 15.— Archbishop
Ryan of this diocese, which includes many
of the coal districts, who yesterday con
sented to serve as an arbitrator in con
nection with the mine workers' strike
should his offices be desired in that con
nection, said to-day that he believed that
arbitration was yet possible. • ,
*
DIIILADELPHJA. Sept. 15. — The
much-talked of strike of the an-
I thracite mine-worUers In the coal
I regions of Pennsylvania, under the
._ auspices of the United Mine-Work
ers of America, and which affects about
145,000 union and non-union workers, was
practically begun to-day and reports re
ceived from tha various sections indicate
that on Monday morning, when the strike
officially begins, according to the strike
order issued by President Mitchell of the
Mine-workers' Union, very few of the col
lieries will be in operation. Just how
many men will obey the strike order can
only be conjectured. The union officials
steadfastly assert that all the union men
will remain away from work and will be
further strengthened by a large majority
of the non-union men.
The operators, on the other hand, are
confident that the proportion of striking
miners has teen greatly exaKgerated.
Monday morning alone can tell which is
correct.
The situation to-night is practically one
of strike. Reports from I-uzerne. Lacka
wunna, SehuyikiU, Carbon and Northum
berland counties, where the itio^t impor
tant coal workings are, presage a strug
gle between the operators and their men
that many frar may lead t r > disturbance
and perhaps worfc. The men in several
collieries In Luzerne to-day decided to
continue work for ten days longer be
cause (if an agreement s made several
years ago to discuss all grievances with
the company and allow ten days in which
to effect a settlement on all points of dif
ference.
To-nisM all is quiet. Miners' meetinors
Vi^re held at a number of points anJ the
speakers counseled quiet, orderly conduct
on the p::rt of the men. That some of
the operators are preparing for work is
indicated by their fencing in and string
ing barbed wire about their breakers.
The union officials to-day tendered 25,003
men to the Sheriff of Luzerne County ;o
guard the mining properties. The only
workers not included in the strike order
INDTANAPOLIS, Sept. 15.— The follow
ing statement to the public was issued
from the United Mine Workers' head
quarters to-day:
In view of the HngpririK impression that seems
to exist in the public mind that we are tryinK
to force the coal companies to recognize the
United Mine Workers of America we desire to
state that prior to the offer of arbitration by
us, and before the strike order was Issued,
we made the following proposition to the coal
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— Earnest
hopes are expressed by the officials of
the administration that striking coal min
ors will not attempt to interfere with the
United States mails or Interstate traffic,
but the War Department officials say
that if it becomes necessary the Presi
dent will take measures to insure the
proper observance of Federal laws.
The possibility of such an emergency
has directed attention to the number of
troops available for service in case the
strike should assume such proportions as
to make it dangerous to Federal interests.
All told, there are only 10,000 men in the
United States proper, or (WOO less than
during the Chicago strike. These troops
arc scattered in small detachments at
popts all over the country, and to get a
respectable force together it would be
necessary to mobilize 1 many detachments.
No reinforcements can be withdrawn from
any American dependency.
STATEMENT ISSUED
BY THE MINE-WORKERS
are engineers, firemen, barn bosses and
pump runners. These respectively take
care of the machinery and t;._ mules and
keep the mines from flooding.
SCARCITY OF TROOPS IN
CASE OF AN EMERGENCY
WHERE THE STRIKE WAS INAUGURATED.
THE ABOVE IS A SKETCH OF THE HALSTEAD COLLIERY AT
PITT3TON, PA., OPERATED BY TPIE DELAWARE, LACKA WANNA AND
WESTERN COMPANY. WHERE THE STRIKE OF THE ANTHRACITE
COAL MINERS WAS BEGUN ON THE 6TH INST.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHIXGTON, Sept.
l5 -— Information has been received
in Washingotn showing that a
dangerous tension exists in the re
lations of the Russian and Japanese
armies in China. The Stare and Navy
P<»l>artracnt3 will not admit that they
have been informed that the friction has
reached this stage. It is altogether likely
that the President understands fully this
feature of the Chinese situation. Writing
to a friend a naval officer says:
"There is very bad blood between the
Japanese and Russians. One day the
riusslans nred a. volley Into a. Japanese
detachment and apologized. The next
day the Japanese fired into the Russians
and likewise apologized. Two or three
¦were killed or wounded on each elde. It
Is saia now the Russians are withdraw
ing their troops to Nluchwang and they
¦will not participate in the advance on
Teking. The Russians captured country
faround Kluchwans and axe holding it.
! Th« Japanese eeem to be doing all the
[?ork. They are landing large quantities
krf supplies and have thousands of troops
T^ady to land when the moment for ac-
arrives. The Russians have charge
>ot tha railway and it is now running
"through to Tientsin. The railroad men
NlU cult work when the Russians took
t charge and the Japanese no longer use it
•ln^tran«j>ortin<r troops."
Reports received here relative to the oo
j-cupatlon of Peking ehow that great ri-
Nrslry exists between the Russians and
Japs -Vie. So far as known neither Gov
«rcr:cnt, while sharply watching develop-
Jxaesta, Is rn^Vrg tn* acts of other troops
'the subject of any diplomatic representa-
At tb« same time It Is admitted that
;«raclx ov«rt acts as are reported by Ameri
<ctri n«.via officer* cannot be conducive to
Improving tbe relations between them
«sd may become a casus belli. Because
of the Jealousy existing between the two
Gcvernme-nts officials are inclined to
think that in view of the unwillingness of
Japan as well as other powers to with
draw, Russia will determine that her in
terests necessitate the retention of her
troops in Fekine.
PEKING IS GIVEN
OVER TO LOOTERS
rEKlNG. Sept. 3 (via Taku Sept. 7, via
Shanghai Sept. 13>.— Looting in Pe
king continues, both authorized and un
authorized. Few houpea are guarded ex
cept those occupied by foreigners, the
I a'.aces and those in the Sacred City. Al
most every house is destitute of furniture.
<T-r-neral ChafTee says he could not have
believed that any city %vou!d ever b«
given over so completely to looters, and
he earnestly desires the co-operation of
every nation to prevent this.
On* the other hand the missionaries com
plain because the Sacred City ha.3 not
been lorted. They urge th/u the royal
family and other highly placed Chinese
personages who were behind all the trou
ble -Mould be made to suffer more than
these who Mindly followed them.
OeneraJ Kukushima. the Japauose com
roiuuVT. informed General CfafenVe that
lirutai outrages were bein^ committed in
Tuageiiow. lie told the American rora
mandT that he had positive information
that many women had thrown themselves
Into well* or committed s-uiciCe In other
v.'niv after being outraged, and that
there were several authentic capes of
ex, lies «vho had been killed under pecu
liarly atrocious conditions. He requested
General Chaffs* to investigate and then i
To co-opt-rate with him to check these |
barbarities as far as possible. General
Chaffee ordered Major Muir to proceed
Immediately to Tungchow and to report.
At a council of jrenerals to-day the
Xtussian general. Llhevlteh. .=aid he had ,
received information that two forces of j
Boxers, one numbering 10.000 and the ,
other <«0, were marching from the south !
to er.df-avor to cut the communications of J
the ailies between Peking and Tientsin, j
It was finally decided that the line was .
efficiently guarded, as the allies would •,
certainly receive definite tidings of the
approach of the Boxers In time to mobi-
LONDON, Sept. 15.— A ppecial dispatch
from Shanghai, dated Friday. September
14, says that prior to the departure of LI
Hung Chang for the north thenew German
Minister, Dr. Mumm von Schwarxensteln,
exchanged visits with the Chinese states
man. The dispatch adds that it is re
ported at Shanghai that the suggestion
that a Russian cruiser escort Li Hung
Chang to Taku was dropped owing to the
decided objection of Vice Admiral Sey
mour.
The statement is reiterated that Hsu
tung. the Emperor's tutor, recently
hanged himself.
PEKING, Sept. 10 (via Shanghai, Sept
15),— A squadron of the Sixth Cavalry will
leave here to-morrow to relieve a native
Christian villag-e which waf attacked by
Boxers, forty-six miles southeast of Pe
king.
Several small parties have been attacked
between Tuechov.- and Boskiawan, where
British and American troops are sta
tioned. Matson killed many Boxers yes
terday.
Civilians g-oing- to Tientsin are warned
not to travel without a military escort.
The Russians have received word of re
verses in Manchuria, where 200 miles of
railway have been destroyed and a num
ber of stations have been burned. There
has= been much fighting and many Rus
sians have bet-n killed. Three regiments
have left Peking on their long overland
march to Manchuria. A gradual reduc
tion of the Russian forces in Peking has
begun.
NEW GERMAN MINISTER
VISITS LI HUNG CHANG
PEKING, Sept. 7 (via Taku. Sept. 13 and
via Shanghai. Sept. 15).— At a meeting of
the Foreign Ministers here it has been de
cided that they have no power at present
to treat with Prince Ching. The generals
of the powers also think they cannot
treat with the Prince. The Russian lega
tion, it is understood, aas been ordered to
be withdrawn, and this is believed to In
dicate that the future of China must be
decided by an international committee in
some foreign capital.
Sir Robert Hart, the director of the
Chinese Imperial maritime customs, has
informed the foreign generals that they
must be prepared for future hostilities;
that the Chinese troops are concentrating
and moving on the line of communica
tion between Peking and Tientsin, arid
that it is thought trouble may be looked
for in November.
General Chaffee believes he has suffi
cient troops to hold out agrainst any at
tack.
Minister Conger has received reliable
news to the effect that all Americans at
Paoting-Fu have been killed. It is be
lieved that eignt missionaries were there.
Prince Ohing informed Minister Conger
that the Emperor Is to return to Peking
and make all proper preparations. The
Prince says the Emperor and the entire
court are in small villages sixty miles
away. He will not endeavor to neg-otlate
until the arrival of LJ Hung Chang, who
is expected here shortly.
Lieutenant Benjamin Hyar, command
ing sixty men of the Sixth Regiment, was
recently attacked near here by 500 Box
ers. He put them to rout, his force kill
ing twenty-five and capturing some rifles
and treasure. There were no American
casualties.
WILL MARCH TO RELIEVE
A CHRISTIAN VILLAGE
lire at any given point The oouncll
merely issued orders for Increased vigi
lance on the part of the outposts.
The telegraph line has been closed
against press messages because of the
enormous Government business.
NO AUTHORITY TO
TREAT WITH CHING
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Overt Acts Committed Which May
Easily Be Construed by Either
Side as a Cause for War.
RUSSIAN AND JAPANESE
ARMIES IN CHINA AT ODDS
LONDON', Sept. 15. — Lord Robert9 re
ports to the War Office under date of
Machadodorp, September 14, as follows:
"French occupied Barberton yesterday
with the cavalry which he took across the
mountains. He met slight opposition, the
enemy being completely surprised. Twen
ty-three officers and fifty-nine men who
were prisoners were released and forty
three locomotives and other rolling stock
were captured. The former will relieve
us of great difficulty, as we had to put
up with a few rickety engines.
"French reports that he has sufficient
supplies for tnree weeks for his force and
for a week for his horses. One hundred
Boers, with many Mauser rifles and a
quantity of ammunition, were captured.
'j.here are large quantities of cattle and
sheep in the country, which Is good news.
"French intercepted large convoys,
showing that Barbtrton was used as a de
pot of suplies for the Boers in the south
and southeast. The bulk of French's
force is still thirty-rive miles behind the
cavalry, owing to the difficulty of getting
the wagons over the pass leading to Bar
berton.
THE HAGUE, Sept. 15.— The Boer dele
fates, Messrs. Fischer, Wolmarens and
Vessels, have addressed an appeal to all
nations for intervention in South Africa.
After expressing the conviction that the
annexation of the Transvaal was only
proclaimed with the object of enabling
Great Britain to prosecute the war in an
inhuman manner, contrary to interna
tional law and to mercilessly pursue as
rebel9 exhausted combatants heretofore
recognized as belligerents, the appellants
declared -that with God's help this will
never be attained. They assert that the
South African republics have shown them
selves to be worthy of liberty and that
they will continue to struggle to the last
breath against Great Britain's attempt to
annihilate their existence as a free peo
ple. The appeal concludes as follows:
"In the name of Justice and humanity
we appeal to all peoples to come to our
aid in this supreme moment and save our
country. We commit ourselves to God,
trusting that our prayers will be heard."
LOURENZO MARQUES. Sept. 16.—
Boers who arrived here yesterday even
ing aver that the burghers are fighting
among themselves at Helsprult and are
looting and burning buildings.
JOHANNESBURG, Friday, Sept. 14.—
Provisions are selling at famine prices
here, sugar bringing 2 shillings and 6
pence a pound and pork 'the same price,
while matches are" sold at 1 shilling per
box. Other staple articles are proportion
ately dear, while many necessities are not
obtainable at any price.
the Queen will hold at Balmoral Monday.
It is likely that the date determined upon
will be September 25.
American Trade.
President Kruger's arrival at Delagoa
Bay will suffice as a basis for the British
Government to assert that the war Is over
and the Conservatives will appeal to a
presumed grateful nation on what is
known here as the "khaki issue"— in
other words, the military issue. There is
keen and increasing activity everywhere
on both sides, but even the stanchest
party newspapers admit that the Liber
als will enter the struggle leaderless and
disunited and in a general state of confu
sion practically precluding success. To
add to the misfortunes of the Liberal
party, physicians have peremptorily or
dered John Morley. on account of throat
trouble, to refrain from all speech-making
for several months. The Liberals thus,
on the eve of election, are deprived of the
services of one of their most able orators.
James R. Keene, who sailed for the
United States to-day, said to a represent
ative of the Associated Press: "I have
had a long summer's relaxation from busi
ness and am going home confident that
after the campaign In the United States
commercial affairs will experience a pe
riod of great prosperity. I have talked
with President Cassatt and many other
Americans and Englishmen, and all weie
of the same belict that there Is practi
cally no limit to the possibilities of Ameri
can tratio in Europe. We have so much
to sell and can sell so cheaply that there
seems to be no branch of trade in which
we will be unable to compete. I believe
this includes coal, though, of course, there
is a lot of humbug circulating about the
amount of transactions already accom
plished. The scarcity of English labor,
due to the men being absent at war. com
bined with the scarcity of ships due to
the same cause, has enabled mine-owners
to advance prices, and in due time these
conditions will be modified. But England
will have to keep a large standing army
in South Africa, and this will require
transports. So, until new ships are built,
the present conditions will largely pre
vail, enabling the United States to obtain
a permanent footing in the market.
"My racing experience has been pleas
ant, but we have little preference between
England ard the United States. We in
tend to send more horses. Racing Is more
of a snort in England and more of a busi
ness in the United States. But it is inter
esting in both places."
Journalists in Session.
The conference of the Institute of Jour
nalists, held in London during the present
week, under the auspices of Lord Mayor
Newton, passed a number of remarkable
resolutions, the results of which are
awaited with a great deal of curiosity.
For instance, hereafter if the dictates of
the Institute are obeyed, editors must re
frain from invltlns contributions from
persons of wealth, position, society, etc.,
because they thus deprive of valuable
space those who are Journalists by profes
sion and have no other means of liveli
hood. It was resolved also to form a com
mittee whese duty Is to investigate
charges against papers manipulating
items of news or unduly expanding cable
grams. Another committee was appointed
to draw up a scheme for the examination
of all persons aspiring to a newspaper ca
reer.
Boer Delegates Now in Holland Ad
dress an Appeal to All Nations
for Intervention in
South Africa.
Many Prisoners Released
and Needed Supplies
Are Secured.
BARBERTON IS
EASILY TAKEN BY
FRENCH'S MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
Number of Men Involved Only a
Conjecture, but Few Collieries
' Are Expected to Resume.
GREAT STRIKE HAS BEGUN
IN THE ANTHRACITE REGIONS
23
rivisr* OB JORDAN'S great &
*B«SEBB OF ANATOMY)
W EJj The Largest Anatomical Mu*em» •» th« \
A _^«3»~w^ wortd. WctJtnetMt or any contracted g
" J-ST^J d*e».«e »w«»«>»rlyeur»d}ijrtbe«>l<iea T
*' f£? 13 1 b P ea&1 '* t °* tJ *- Cowt Em. 36 jreart. ff
U fi&gsl os. jona.yf- -pRrv/LTE diseases 4
jrCft^iXjE Co=«t>if»tiori fn~r and stri<-!1» prtr»« \
A J NlAjY at Tri rment ptrtonrHy or by letter. A g
AlsK iltf> Writ* for Boefc.raiL«surav«r4
V ¦ '.I \\t alAABCACSK. MA1UED FJUtB. I AT
X A lli »*h>» W« back lorn mm/ i
7 £*U Jonr>AK ACO.. I0U£Iar**t8t.,S.R f
It a good thing for the young husband
to give the young wife. But sympathy
¦will not abate one jot of her nervousness
or lift her to that plane of sound health
¦where alone the wife and mother can
find happiness.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
meets every
jfp^k womanly want
nerves, restores
f -?\4 V^*t^ l^ e appetite aiul
A j^vtVy^^M} i 11^ 110^ 8 refresh-
i iSiilSr "T^ : **fi| use previous to
1» maternity makes
*?^rfe^sPg^yf 8^ vent practically
i**C^ii^ i * ii '^ painless and
jrives the mother abundant nutrition for
ber child. * Favorite Prescription " is a
woman's medicine and has no equal as
a cure for womanly diseases. It estab-
lishes regularity, dries weakening drains,
teals innammation and ulceration and
cares female weakness. ;
A,-— pt no substitute for « Favorite Pre-
scription." No other medicine is «just
as good " for weak and sick women.
- It aflcids ae great pleasare to *eaMe to say
• few words in rcparfi to the merits of Dn
Pierc--* Favorite Prescription and Colden
Medical Discovery,'- writes Mrs. Flora Arn of
Dsila*. racfcsm Co., Mo. «I was tempted to try
these medkfaKf after s*«nf 1^";
mother. At an early age of married life I was
— eaf.v bothered with painful periods, also. a
troublesome drain which ™** ere * J*!™*
and us5t for work of any kind. I became »o
thin there ™ nothing left of me but sk'.n and
bane. Mv husbwd became alarmed and pot
me a bottfe of • Favorite Prescription. After he
rnw the wonderful effects of that one he got two
more, a^d after I used t'-~- «P there was no
mor; pa-la, and I be*au . - gain « flcsb vei 7
rapidly."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps, to pay expense of mailing
onlv. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
CONTINUED
SUCCESS
Of Nolan Bros.' Monster
Sale of Fine
No Matter What You Want to
Pay, We Can Suit You
With Shoes.
THIS WEEK
We will fill our men's bargain coun-
ters with GENUINE FRENCH PA-
TENT LEATHER LACE SHOES,
hand welted sewed soles, very latent
styles, regular $6.oo shoes, and close
them out at
§3.25 a Fair
Also one line of MEN'S FINE
CALF LACE SHOES at
$2.50 a Pair
Very latest style. These are the frreat-
rst Bargains ever offered on men's
shoes.
For this week, LADIES' EXTRA
FINE QUALITY VICI KID
CLOTH TOP LACE SHOES, genu-
ine French heels, very latest styles. All
sizes, all widths.
$3.00 a Pair
And about 1800 pairs of LADIES'
EXTRA FINE QUALITY VICt
KID LACE SHOES, cloth or kid tops,
latest style coin toe, patent leather tips.
All sizes, all widths.
$2.50 a Pair
Rrdueed from $3.50
Also 2bout i^oo pairs of LADTES*
FINE VICI KID LACE AND BUT-
TON SHOES, cloth and kid tops,
satin finished, flexible sewed soles. All
sizes, all widths, at
$2.00 a Pair
Reduced from $2.50
We have the largest and finest assort-
ment of Ladies* Fine Golf Style Shoes
in the city.
In fact everything that is stylish and
up to date in shoes we have them.
SEE OUR LARGE BARGAIN
COUNTERS.
NEW BARGAINS EVERY DAY.
WRITE FOR OUR NEW CATA-
LOGUE.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
812-814 MARKET ST.,
Phelan Building:.
TO THE PUBLIC!
PINOLE. JUNE 23. 1J3J.-1 TAKE THIS
means or expressing my thanks to Dr. WoS{
tHim. lli-117 M.i ¦>..:; St..
S. F.. for having cur*d
me o( kidney, woair.
trouble and cancer of
Itomsch. 1 was a great
•uffertr for 1"> years, ami
found no permanent re-
lief until I tried Dr.
V. i ns Him. and In *lx
months" time he ha*
f*mt&M% ~ "ninrme^ SSS3
** : **V..'i'i'ft.: l ->' this can finfJ m*
UK& GEORGE PETZ.
Pinole. Centra Comta County. Oa».
BA>T FRANCISCO iCal.). Oct. Is. l*W.— To
Whom It May Concern: This is to certify that
Dr. Won* Him of 115-117 Mmon etre»t. San
Francisco, has cur»<1 m* entirely rf Brljc!n\>»
ii|wii> of the kidneys and consumption of th»
bo-nets of long stamitRg. and 1 am only too
fcappy to make this statement for the. beneflt of
all troubled In any way by diseases. Ycu will
find the doctor a gentleman In every *r*y. Very
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHINE.
851 Fulton street. San Kranciscn.
S. F.. Dec. 4, 1S99.— Dr. Wong Him. 115-117
Mason »t.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For th«s bene-
fit of other* I wish to make a •tateroent of my
ca«e. which was heart trouble. After treating
with alx eminent physicians, my cat* was pm-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wons Htm
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try h!«
herb treatment. He did all h* claimed art
after treating six months I am now w*U and
Btronc. Tour respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 10S7 Mission St.. 8. V.
DR. PIERCE'S Guaranteed
ELECTRIC /^TY^* to &e thi
DuLli / \ fc> i- JS 2 •
"We have belts as low as J3. same as others
eell at much hieher Drtc**. but they are noe
"DR. PIEKCE'S." If you want the BEST, a
belt that will cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces In a short time, and which may
be had at a moderate price, you must have
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. Z." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62O Market Street, San Francisco.
Or 11 4.1 Broadway, New York City.
San Francisco. Aug. W, KCO.
' R*«t« To Whom I: May Concern:
f This Is to certify that I bav*
Cs tt 3 been suffering for several year*
Ip I liver and kidneys. In addition!
JC^ESV I became almost totally blind.
•»^5*£cv'*J2lJ« * was ur ' ( * f -' r t^ ( * p are of !h»
l fiJW mwt eminent oculists in this
'SJWZllSiM! 1 city for abctit three years. I
was not benefited In the least by their treat-
ment. I have btr^n under the treatment of Dr.
Wong Woo, TM-6H Clay street, for the past si*
weeks, and though I arn now 71 year* of a«e mv
stgbt has been restored through hta treatment
of the stomach, and 1 fee! as reel! as at any
time during the past ten years.
JO3. E. WATKTN8.
K3 Third utreet. S. F.. Cal.
WBBKlyCall $1.00 nerYsar
ADVESTISEinrNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,^^^S^$S#^^^^ ESTABLISHED
0^^^^^<^^^^^ Consultation
v 1 tLWaI/ '-'¦' 4\j^=S??/& H^In^ Jo weakness which accompanies
» \ v >»&*t *' "^^S^v* 'Vsricoccl© Stricture. Blood.
/%/y^¥$M\fdAl(t *-'''^*3f$te*i!ij$$§M > i // Patients may pay when
vs&^^mMlwfir ''wrfS^WSPSvv'v 1 /// wel1 or tn monthly Install-
sss>yyVL iMhWMk\ s dZ, Wnmrnm^^Si ¦ // / ments. Home cures a spe-
'yyy/yX W&bmMi , MMjiMS^^Wi^k'// clalty. Private book free at
t^'y^K -^SmF/V)^^&^¥<E^yiWw//y spondence confidential.
m K^^^^^i 731 j"5£S'STEAMER DAUNTLESS IN COLLISION WITH TWO LAUNCHES ON
TIIE SAN JOAQUIN RIVER FRIDAY NIGHT. THREE MEN-JOIiN T
DOANE, DAVID KENT X AND JOHN DAVIS— WHO WERE ON THE
LAUNCHES, WERE DROWNED.
SANTA CRCZ, Sept. I."..— Dr. I-»-e Cross, who
c-laiiT-ed to tf Invfu-<1 with authority to ori?an-
Ixe EJryao *od BtercBaon eiui>s, to-day pipadeii
puilty " to. <tf;t&lning money in Ilouldrr Crpek
on fictitious rhp«-ks. an<5 was sentenced to eix
ty day? in the Coonty Jail.
SALINAS. Sept. 13.— A High School football
team has been orsanized here for the season of
1'JOO, and is the best yet In the field. Gustav
Garrissere was elected manager.
San Andreas Bryan Club Meeting.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN ANDREAS. Sept. 13.— The Bryan
and Stevenson Club of San Andreas heul A
an enthusiastic meeting to-nieht. J. V.
Treat Sr. presiding. W. C. Wall, the sec
retary, was instructed to make applica
tion for membership with the National
Democratic League. The meeting was ad
dressed by A. I. McSorley, J. S. Jack and
John Waters.
Meserve for State Senator
RIVERSIDE, Sept. 13.— The Democratic
Senatorial Convention of the Thirty-ninth
District, comprising the counties of San
Bernardino, Orange and Riverside, met in
this city this afternoon and placed in
nomination F. P. Meserve of Redlands.
A wrecking train was dispatched from
Nanalmo v.ithin an hour of receiving the
nr-ws with ;i strong force of men and sev
eral doctors.
NAN'AIMO. B. C. Sept. 15.— Coal trains
.<o. 1. from Ladysmith, and No. 10, from
Alexandria, collided to-day about two
mi'.es north of 1-adysaiith on the Eequi
n;.'-.ii and Xanaimo Railway. The trains
met on the center of Lridge No. 107. The
approach to the bridge on both Pid^s is a
pharp ii.-.lir.e. comir.g suddenly off tho
levei. The bridee lies at ihe bottom of
the valley. Both trains were badly
crredced, especially No. 1 engine, which
v.as reduced to scrap. The killed are:
ROBERT FIEHERJ superintendent of
the Alexandria mines.
SAM; fc'i, WAi.'iON. engineer of No. 1.
HUGH THOMSON; lireman.
H. 6ATNDEKS brakeman.
The cause of the accident was a mis
placed sijrrial. "When the engineers Fight«-d
each other a? the trains ru-shod down the
incline they reversed at once and made
every effort to briv.g up. but the impetus
wa«'too Rr«^it and both icmashed together
¦with trorii'-ndous f. >rcf right in tbe middle
of the tr«-.st'.e. one train toppling over into
the ravine. Pifher and Walton were killed
on the f?r>t. The other two died a few
minutes !at*^r.
Trains Crash Together on a
British Columbia Bridge
and Go Down a Ravine.
FOUR TRAINMEN
MEET DEATH
The great parade illustrated. The
Wasp's souvenir edition on sale -.to-day:
26 beautiful engravings. AH the events of
the celebration depicted. Send to your
friends. Price 25c. ?
Canadian Mining Engineer Talks of
the Golden Klondike.
i Pr-ecial Dispatch to The Call. •
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. 15.— W. A.
Rauer, C. E. M. K., who has been in every
mining camp of great importance in the
world, has just returned from the Klon
dike, where he has been surveying within
a radius of loo miles all around Dawson
for British-American and other l>le; cor
porations. Mr. Bauer Fays that at some
remote age tne entire Klondike was low
lying: then' the alluvial deposits were
made. Subsequently a volcanic upheaval
' took place and the. golden sands were
I carried 1000 feet up to the mountain tops.
; He said he found water-washed gravel
: within a radius of 100 miles around Daw
' son rlKht up to the watersheds. He said
! that the creeks would bo done for in a
; few years, but that the hill- and bench
! claims wore richer than the creeks, tbe
I 250-foot claim on Gold Hill being undoubt
; edly the richest in the world. .
He gave It as his opinion that the oos
; slbilities in placer mining and dredging
' on all large rivers were vast; that the
1 country had only been scratched here and
i there, and that the Klondike's golden fu
j ture would be far more marvelous than
i her golden past, for he believed that hun
1 drt-ds of miles of water-washed gravel
! from the valleys to the mountain tops
would, If properly worked under changed
! laws encouraging development, prove
! profitable to the investor. Mr. Bauer said
• that whole creeks without a single shaft
sunk had reverted to the Government
j through the owners stampeding elsew-here
1 and abandoning their claims, and there
would be hundreds of good claims sold at
auction, like a pig in a poke, for a few
1 dollars. .
' Mr. Bauer brought down the final com
pilation of the gold clean-up from the
! Commissioner's office as fdllows: $16,000,00)
i on which royalty is paid; J9,C00.C0O> which
I will escap* royalty.
MILLIONS YET TO COME.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Sept. 15.—Clr-im
jurr.ping is prevalent in the Mount Baker
mining district, owing to the uncertainty
as to whether the northern part is In
Washington or British Columbia. Cana
dian Government engineers now in the
field c'.aim their, survey will take in a
strip twenty miles long and from ten to
three miles wide, including over one hun
dred valuable claims. The far-seeing
claim owners, knowing the closeness of
the boundary line to their property, early
in the game filed on their locations in
British Columbia as well as in Washing
ton, arid some of the more valuable claims
axe protected in this way. Over three
fourths of the claimholdera are Ameri
cans, however, and would greatly regret
seeing the strip revert to British Colum
bia.
Tl->f> accepted boundary- mark on Red
ha? been a wooden post. It now
probable that this was merely a
stake used by the Houndary. Commission
in making astronomical ea-lcuJations.
A letter from the CJeneral Land -Office
.'ays the Boundary Commission erected
forty-three iron pillars at irregular points
Df'ar the trails and valleys between the
coast and Whatr-oin trail to mark the ex
act boundary, and that from that trail to
the Rocky Mountain divide the occasional
monuments are all stone pyramids, seven
!eet high. A lane forty feet wide was cut
dear of timber across valleys with the
boundary in the middle. The commission
while takine observations to determine
the latitude erected astronomical stations.
When the exact latitude was calculated
they measured either northward or south
ward to establish the parallel of 49 degrees
latitude, and built their monuments.
Special IMssj-.atch to The Call
Mount Baker District, in
Washington, WL1 Be
the Scsne of Trouble.
CLAIM JUMPING
ON THE BOUNDARY
A sad incident in connection with the
drowning is the fact that Mr. Kent was
to have been married next month to a
young Sacramento lady. Doane and Kent
were both here for the Jubilee celebra
tion and their friends were shocked when
the news of the disaster reached here.
Both men were buyers of produce and
fruit and spent nearly all their time on
tho rivers. In their gasoline launches
they visited all the ranches and bargained
with the farmers for their crops. Both
"The river at the point where the dis
aster occurred is 250 yard3 wide. Before
the collision our watchman and two of
the deck hands were standing forward on
the Dauntless and yelled out to the men,
but they paid no attention. The launches
each looked to be about thirty feet long."
"Just about this time I heard some one
shout: 'Look out. Jack! For God's sake.
Jack, go the other way.' The Dauntless
was now hard up against the bank, but
tho launches came on and struck us just
forward of the gangway on the starboard
side. The two launches were lashed to
gether and went down together. Wo got
a boat out in three minutes and searched
for three-quarters of an hour, but not a
trace of the men could be found.
"We were coming down the San Joaquln
River, after calling at Valentines. It was
11:10 p. m.,.a.nd we were about a mile
above what is known as Central Landing,
when I sighted a green light on the star
board bow. I made it out to be a gaso
line haunch and blew two whistles. I put
the helm to starboard and then, getting
no answer to my signals, I stopped the
engines and then went full speed astern.
The steamer Dauntless, that was in col
lision with the gasoline launches Friday
night." on the San-Joaquin River, arrived
at San Francisco yesterday. The steamer
at the time of the collision was in charge
of the pilot. Captain D. H. McNeil. Cap
tain McNeil, In an interview, gave the fol
lowing version of the disaster:
CAPTAIN McNEIL'S VEKSION.
Declares That He Is Not to Blame for
Disaster.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 15.— The proposition of
the owners of the woolen mills at Dallas. Or.,
to locate here providing that $30,000 be raised,
is mt-ftlnc with success. Already 150 lots at
$200 have been sold. All that is required Is to
sell fifty" lots mnre. The nale of lots was in
augurated for the purpose of raisins the nec
essary coin. A bonus of *S000 must also be
paid by citizens for the tract that la to be di
vided up Into lots.
Nevada County Democrats Convene
NEVADA. Sept. 15.— The Democratic
County Convention to-day nominated
Charles "NV. KittX of Grass Valley, who is
also the Populist nominee, for Assembly
man, and Wiliam H. Martin of Nevada
City. Christopher Miller of Grass Valley
and John Fay of Truckee for Supervisors.
The joint Senatorial Convention of Ne
vada, Sierra and Plumas counties will be
held here Thursday, when an effort will
he made to prevail on Frederick Searls of
this city to accept the nomination.
Boy of Castella Is Cut In T-wo by a
Train, and a Brak«man Is
Fatally Hurt.
DUNSMUIR. Sept. 15.— A number of
lads were attempting to jump on a fast
moving freight train while passing
through the town of Castella to-night.
One of thc!r number, nfter falling, again
tried and missed his footing, falling on the
rails. His body was cut In two before the
eyes of his playmates. He was the twelve
year-old son of Mr. Tonkin, a miner. One
or two of thf> boys were somewhat hurt
from their dangerous pastime and will
have a reminder of their sad sport for
some weeks.
About 11 o'clock last night Brakeman
Emil Shearer bad his hand caught in the
drawheads whi;e coupling cars at Ken
nett. While trying to extricate himself
he was unable to keep his feet and the
slowly moving cars passed over his leps
close to the thighs. He soon died. His
parents reside in Dunsmuir. He Is the
son of Hermann Shearer, who has been
machinist foreman of th<* railway shops
here for a number of years.
TWO FATAL ACCIDENTS
OCCUR NEAR DUNSMUIR
Instead of going toward the shore he,
doubtless fearing that the steamer would
run him down, swam toward tho center
of the river, right into the current. Pilot
McNeill was at the wheel at the Uqjq.
Kyewitnesses declare that after the
Dauntless whistled "for sides," giving the
signal that it would take the bank, the
launches, that were provided with whist
ling apparatus, answered and made as
though to take the open water. Suddenly
Doane, who was handling the forward
launch, changed his course, standing in
for the shore. Kent, who was in the rear
launch, seeing the danger, jumped to save
himself.
At the local ofllce of the Union Trans
portation Company here it is claimed that
tho accident was due to tho fact that
Doano, who was In charge of the towing
launch, lost his head or the control of
his boat.
The unfortunate men havo been located
at Valentine, Staten Island, for some time
in the capacity of fruit buyers for the
firms they represent. They have gaso
line launches at their command, and yes
tirclay Kent broko down at Bouldln. He
sent a telephone message to Doane, who
was • at Valentine, asking him to come
down and give* him. a tow. Doane re
sponded, and the tw# boats, Doane's lead
ing, had just Started from Bouldln when
the accident occurred.
The Dauntless finally continued on her course
to San Francisco after it was landed at Bould
in. J have been endeavoring to recover the
bodies, but have been unable to locate them
uy to an early hour this morning, and have
xviit to Stui'kton for assistance. 1 also desire
to offer a reward for the recovery of the bodies.
My private opinion is that the accident was
due to the carelessness of the pilot. In the
tirst place he had no right to hug the Bhoro,
and 1 am satisfied that, had he stopped the
wheel and reversed the engines, the accident
could have been avoided.
I left Stockton last evening on the eteamer
Dauntless Tor Kan Francisco. As the steamer
neared Iiouldin the pilot noticed two gasoline
launches coming upstream. They had u light
out, and one wuh towing the other. The ste-amer
pilot whistled for tho boats to ko to the right,
but they went to the left, however, crowding
close to the bank. The steamer aleo went in
close to the bank with the result that the
launches were run down and tunk. There was
a treat deal of excitement. Doane and Davis
went down immediately, but Kent, as many
of the passengers will testify, was alioat for
at least lilteen minute« and yet the crew of
the steamer did not get out a boat in time to
Have him. They had plenty of time to do so,
had they gone about it properly, and the pa«
sfiieers were loud in their condemnation of
th>» crew for their lack of drilling and dis
cipline. The teneral impression among rae
pasnengers was thut Mr. Kent could have been
saved had prompt measures been taken to get
out a boat. An it was, Mr. Kent ilnally went
down, exhausted with his etlorts to keep afloat.
W. S. 1 Broadgus of Henderson, Brown
& Co.. who was an eyewitness to the
accident, telephoned the following facts
this morning:
Doane was an agent of Wood, Curtis &
Co., produce men of Sacramento, and
Kent represented Henderson, Brown & Co.
of the same place. Davis was also known
in the capital city. Both men had naphtha
launches in which they went up and down
the river to purchase island products.
Last evening they had come from Valen
tines Landing and were ne*arlng Central
landing on Bouldln Island when suddenly
the Dauntless steamed around the bend
and gave a warning, two whistles, as she
passed into the new channel.
Kent's launch had become disabled and
was being towed by Doane's, all three
men being in the forward craft. The
Dauntless pilot, seeing the boats, tried to
swing the steamer toward the shore.
Kent was heard to cry, "For God's sakt..
Jack, what are you doing?" evidently
thinking that Doane was not making the
right move to escape a collision. In le»s
time that it takes to tell it the steamer
had struck and overturned the launches
and Doane and Davis were seen trying to
get out from under the. awning, but it
held them, and the churn of the wheel
sent the capsized craft down under the
steamer's hull. Kent jumped from the
launch and struck out for the open water.
He could be seen struggling and his fran
tic cries for help could be heard. The
passengers threw out life preservers,
chairs and bo*<ep, hoping to aid him. but
when a boat reached the spot Kent had
disappeared. A rapid search was made
of the vicinity, but no survivor couid hi
found.
Two launches collided with the steamer
Dauntless at 10 o'clock last night and the
occupants were thrown, into the stream.
By the searchlights whiehr were thrown on
the scene the horrified passengers on tho
steamer witnessed the futile and frantic
t fforts of the men to keep afloat till a life
boat could reach them.
STOCKTON, Sept. 15.— Death,
swift and sudden, in the starless
night on the San Joaquln River,
claimed three- lives last night.
John Doane, David Kent and
John Davis are the men who
went down in the swift current
which sweeps around Bould'n Island
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The Coroner's jury, in the cases of
Doane and Kent, to-night returned a ver
dict of death by accidental drowning.
Coroner Clark went to the scene this
afternoon and before he got there two of
thd bodies had been recovered and search
ers expected to find the third. The bodies
are understood to be those of Doane and
Kent.
Mate Ben Barringer being asleep. The
latter was awakened by the commotion
that followed the accident and, hastily
dressing, he ordered out the lifeboat and
had it into the water as soon as possible.
In a futile attempt to save Kent.
men were successful and much esteemed
by their employers.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 15.— The bodies of
David J. Kent and John T. Doane, who
were run down by the Stockton steamer
Dauntless and drowned off Bouldln Island
last night, will be brought to this city
to-morrow. The body of Davi3 has not
yet been recovered.
Republican Rally at Salinas.
SALINAS, Sept. 15.— The Republicans of
Monterey County held a large * and en
thusiastic rally here to-night. The Hon.
John McLachlan was the principal
speaker.
SAX DIEGO, Sept. 15.— The Democrats
opened their campaign this evening with
i a mass meeting on the plaza, which was
well attended. Jtid Rush of Los Ansele3
delivered a vigorous speech, imperialism
being. his principal topic.
San Diego Democratic Rally.
j SAN JOS?:, Sept. 15.— The County Asso
ciation of Bryan Clubs was organized here
'to-day. About forty delegates were ptes
ent. The following officers were elected:
! President. Frank Karr of Stanford; first
1 vice president. T. A. Carroll; second vice
'. president. T. A. McChesney; secretary. A.
J. Mullan: treasurer, F. B. Brown, The
executive committee will consist of the
presidents of all Bryan clubs in the
] county. J. H Henry, candidate for Con
1 grrcra in the Klfth District, addressed the
meitlns.
Santa Clara Bryan Clubs Organize.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PLACERVJLLE. Sept. 15.-The Repub
lican County Convention that convened m
Confidence Hall In this city to-day was a
large and enthusiastic assembly. William
Archibald, a prominent farmer of Pilot
Hill, was unanimously nominated for the
Assembly for this the Fourteenth Dis
trict. R. P. Patterson, W. W. Hoyt and
G. M. Carsten were nominated for Su •
peryisora in the First. Second and Third
Supervisorial districts, respectively. To
right a big ratification meeting was
held at Confidence Hall, which was
addressed by Hon. W. B. Lardner of Au
burn, Republican nominee for joint Sen
utor for the Fifth District: William
Archibald, nominee for the Assembly, and
Hon. Charles A. Swisler.
El Dorado Republican Convention.
Sp-H-Ial Dispatch to The Call
Housing speeches were made by Alexan
der Brown, Ira H. Reed, F. J. Sollnsky
and E. E. Wood.
Supervisors— Angels Township, S. C. Ho
gate; San Andreas Township. J. W. Rob
ert?; Mokelumne Township, E. C. Loftus.
Assemblyman— William C. Ralston
Republicans of Calaveras.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, Sept. 15.— The Republi
can County Convention met nt this place
to-i'.ay and was largely attended. It was
regarded as the most enthusiastic political
gathering held in this county for years,
threat t-atisfaction was expressed over th«i
nomination of AVilliam C. Ralston; the
president of the California Miners' Asso
ciation, for Assemblyman from Calaveras
County. Tho following nominations were
made:
Miners' President Is Chosen by the
RALSTON THE NOMINEE.
At the conclusion of the business of
the convention Hon. D. E. McKinlay of
Santa Rosa delivered a political speech.
Vallejo— First District. R. M. Hobbs;
Second District, G. A. Bergwell (renoml
nated); Fifth' District, II. A. Johnson of
Ilio Vista.
SriSUN, Sept. 15. —The Republican
County Convention of Solano County met
here to-day and besides naming legisla
tive nominees formally opened the cam
paign. The Vallejo delegation brought
the Independence brass band of Mare
Island and tine music was rendered both
In Native Sons' Hall and on the plaza
during the day. Tne chairman and secre
tary of the convention were S. G. Little
of Dixon and G. G. Halllday of Vallejo,
respectively.
Hon. J. J. -Luchsinger of Vallejo and
the lion. Alden Anderson of Suisun were
renomlnated, the former lor State Sena
tor and the latter for Assemblyman.
There was no opposition to either of tne
gentlemen. Nominations for Supervisors
resulted as follows:
Campaign.
PrrfH-lal Dispatch to The Call.
Name Their Candidates and Open the
SOLANO REPUBLICANS.
At Callstoga to-day the Republican del
eKiitet- to the joint Senatorial convention
met but adjourned subject to the call of
the chairman. The. Democrats have done
the same thinfj. Both parties are playing
a waiting (,'amc in naming candidates for
this office. The Democrats are well or
ganized in the county and are going to
make a hard tight to elect their candi
dates for the Legislature and for Super
visor.
At the mass-meeting of Democrats to
night Frank Gould of San Francisco
¦was the speaker. District Attorney Bell
was chairman.
John York was elected chairman of the
new Central Committee and Henseley Da
vis secretary.
The forep;o!r'g are the nominees of the
Democratic convention of Napa County
that met In this city to-day. In the Yount
Supervisor district there was a deadlock
and the nomination will be decided on
September 23. Jamfs Palmer was placed
in the tield for Justice of the Peace to
contest the office held by Justice Marois
on the appointment of the Supervisors.
The Democrats claim that the law says
tht-re must be an election for this office,
while the Republicans claim that Marois
holds over until ISM.
Its Candidates.
Sreoiol Pii<ratch to The Call.
NAl'A, Sept. 15. — For Assemblyman, N.
E. Boyd.
For Supervisors— Knox District, A. J.
Raney; Kast Napa District, C. Moser;
Taunt District, no nomination owing to a
deadlock.
For Justice of the Peace, James
Palmer.,
NAPA DEMOCRATS.
County Convention Meets and Chooses
Congressman Holloway spoke in hu
morous veln^ alliuiins to inconsistencies
of the Democrats in mis campaign in fol
lowing the footstep:-! of William J. Bryan
in his contest against the retention of tho
Philippines when {jreat leaders of Democ
racy, Jefferson, Jaclcson anil Polk, were
expansionists.
Senator Fairbanks was greeted with
a warm reception. He congratulated the
peoples of Santa Clara Valley on being
permitted to live on such a God-favored
spot. He took up the tariff and the gold
standard, and concluded with the ques
tion of imperialism.
Senator Fairbanks spoke for an hour
and a half and held the close attention of
his auditors throughout, being frequently
interrupted with applause.
Chairman Stone ol the State Commit
tee and Congressman Loud occupied seats
on the stagt: In the Auditorium, that was
crowded. Great enthusiasm prevailed.
A parade preceded tbe meeting-. The
procession was headed by the Fifth Regi
ment Band and whs composed of the
Army ami Navy league ana citizens.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 15.— The Republicans
of Santa Clara County opened the cam
paign this evening with a Brand rally, at
Which Senator Fairbanks of Indiana and
ex-ConKrtssman Hollo way of the same
State were speakers.
Ppecial Dlsfatch to The Call.
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana and
Ex-Congressman Holloway
Ably Discuss the Issues
of the Hour.
Enthusiastic Rally of the
Party's Adherents at
San Jose.
SANTA CLARA
REPUBLICANS
OPEN CAMPAIGN
TIIE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, " SUiS DAY, ' " Slbl'TiflMBER 10, 1900
Steamer Bairatlless Crashes Imto
Lammiehes airad Three Mem
Perish In the Flood,
DISASTER AT MIDNIGHT
ON THE SAN JOAQIN
24
•QBSBnBBBHIHIIBHHHIHEHHniHBBHIIBBItlB
A SIGNIFICANT OFFERING OF |
35c QUALITY FOR 67c YARD. |
Our f'.lk announcements always result In enthusiastic sales, and to-mor- P
row's exceptional offer will surely crowd our silk counters as they never were Q
e SIX THOUSAND YARDS, all plain colored Taffetas, will be ready for *,
you :it this wondorfully low prico. They are new, crisp, stronp and durable .-
Bilks, made for the best retail selling and more than thirty of the choicest **
<T>lorinpp. including Cream and Blnck, are represented. Tho universal price of. E*
these hi^h class Taffetas Is SSc yard. On special .sale to-mor- Ii7n Vorr! "*
row Dili lulU p
No mail orders filled for Fame after Monday and no discounts to the trade. El
HICH-CRADE BLACK SiLKS. 1
I^fl.Kt week we advertised a very important pale of Black Silks, which S3
•we shall continue this week. These Silks are very carefully made and Q
dyed, full of luster and crlspness, all pure filk, direct from the looms of n
France's leading manufacturer. gj
BLACK SATIN DUCHESSt BLACK TAFFcTAS. S
/•» f~ YAUrwiMnch Black Patln 1 f f-J YARI>— 19-inrh Black Taffeta y»
W"\ »-\ fi T>u< -lipsse. all silk, fast black ! 1-^ / f% S\:k. soft ani very Juttr.-Uf. "
\J KJ \S «y. a heavy prade. Mis ; C/ f UitFi the kiml us ml so ruuih *•»
r*>pularly at 65c. Sale Ai^r' ' f ° r H«ln«; 0onil v»:us PZ~7 ,-? l-l
price Yard «jWV j a t 75c. Sal<; price YarJ ** ft V* fjj
7r» YAKn-?4-lr.ch Black Satin G
/ f* IHirhes=se. a quality so much ' rt /> YAnn-IT-lnrh T:!ark Dress Taf- {3
f \J v.^'A fcr skirts, watrt* and dne \C \J& /"> fota. a mnKnh!rpnt quality, of rs%
drees lininps; cannot \J <_/ \J :• brilliant li-.ster: pxo-'jfnt tZ,
be <It:rMcatP:J under Jl ".0. Sule rr*7V value at $1 1?. Sale OO r "
prlca Yard I «C price Yard OtJC 0
?
FlapV PojJfl Ho This popular silk, so much In ilf-mand E3
r|dL!\ rBiU UB ClMS. for drc-ses. is a superior make. C'» inches RJ
Cl *j *^ finality fnr RQn Yprrf wide, has a brilliant Qnlsh. an excellent Zl
OliiO \IMWV IUI 03b IdiU. wearing duality, pronounced 0Q« , a i| n
by expert shoppers good value at $1.25. On Fpecial sale at Ouli I Q.U "
A VERY SPECIAL 03ESS GOODS BEAUTIFUL SILK AND FLAN- n
OFFER-54,25 A SUIT. NEL WAISTS. S
N»>w AIl-wv.l KnpIiFh IlomPsruris, 4* \ W»»"v«» never had fjrh 3 collreticm and ™
lacbea wile, already sponsM and shrunk. I variety <t the.se popular Kiirm^ntti. nnr M
r. eood-wearinit cloth, in colon of Brown, ! have we over h.-»«l them made more t.»Fte- fj
«'r,<:r r. 8f#w H!ue and Ox f <ird Gray: well j fully, and t>.e jirlcr-s are rn low th-.t in r%
¦rortfc KOt a suit. » >n yule tfj- C^I •"•'» ; many ca«B they hardly represent th- rast n
fW^Sl S4.85 1
f j b.illi laiU. j, ( . o a yard aI . noon value at ?t.oo. U
ready er-nnped and shruTik. strictly all i a shipment n{ T5 W»!rt8 on fn!" to-mor- Q
wool. BpecUl value at -7 FZs* row. They an* made of a cui-ernr quality H
Yard * "^ir.Iark Taffeta; flnishrtl wiih neat turks and Fj
I sntne with hemstitirhins-. a beautifully fit- n
GOOD WHITE BLANKETS ]S«"":'!"'^".S S4- |
S4.65 PAIR, MWO 8KC1JJS III SRIRt£ g
They s 1 "' made hy on? of California's i^J.u 3 t^Cfl. P»bbl« Cheviot Walklnit S
bCFl mill* an! wfrr do»e<l nut to us at a Wfi'f '. >8 RO Skirt*, mad? of an -x- "
v.ry (pedal price. They are pure waoLJ»*«|>' CO.JUt cp! | ( . nt crad^ of c jjevlot lu
ex:rz mi*-, r.ict-ly lx>und with silk md regular tailor finish, with numeroui rows |J
nsulMty pen at J. W a r^ir. C^i.i „( siitc-hinic around the bottr-m. CK »5 r5
BpeclaJ at Pair <?~r :<; ra nd value Sac!) *&~J "
R{\ f Made In the izt<>st fa.«hK>n of !,
PTfl'a Pacac r>r Moo««y. lOO doien Pll- Owl ORIIla handsome double-faced ma- "
r;i Ufl IjC.CO low r a «cs. site 45x."«. made K.7 Oh Fa'n teria). in medium t;nJ dark U
iff F?Pl <f a and cr»Ki V<^«'" »-- »• Rr ay. Kit torn of i-kirt t.illor fl
I' I, USU.I. oualtty muslin, the B f\r, stitched ; sizes 3S to 42: «¦"<>! vnlu» CO.X& n
Uc'UaO. For Monday Uach ivWljtjja. Sale price KaohOO I^
I «r35 /ji'-flVCQ and TrimminO"^ This <5epartmont is now rrplete n
LG'jSO H!. Olo.d QilU lUtlitillilKOi all the novpltio<= fashion has H
decided upon for tho Kail season. Our shonine; to-morrow will be a preat Q
fleal more elaborate than can be expressed here. We havo endeavored to got P3
together 3 II the newoft conceits of the fnreten maker?— exaui?ite effects in Q
Cluny and Arabian All Over Laces. Boleros, Bpangied Vets, Cut-nut Taffetas, ri
AppUqued All C»vcrs. Hattenbergr and Monssellna de -Sole Uobes. etc., at pi
prii <-s t;:arantee<l the lowest. ~jj
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. @
CJ
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-©_©_o_o— o - © — ©-©-•-•-©-©-©-•-•- o — © - ©-•-©-© -•-•-•-•— © - • — ©— © © •¦-
i**f$ I Can Make You Strong.
J *Tm"J Write or Call for Proof.
N^^^^f if you wan t to be as strong as you were before your
s*~^ \ manly vi^or was wasted away; to enjoy life a^ain; to sret up
/ > \v refreshed by sleep; to be without that exhausting backache,
* §^\ v v^V> V % or l^ at Hfe-wearyinp: dyspepsia and obstinate constipation; to
"^^ 2 "*4 once more know what it is to feel you are a man amonj;
: *^S. A »w men, and have the nerve to do or stand what other men can,
<» 1i investigate what can be done for you while you sleep by
\ "^Jllfr^ —^4^ \ Dr - McLaughlin's Electric Belt
«k$k&\ ~ *(\\&Vs\ * "¦"¦' *' nas rcstorc^ manly visjor to thousands of men. I can
\ \ ' >>V^^^^WWv^^v^'\^^ % nc . y ° u pro0^ °* l^' s - an 'y vigor depends upon elec-
, \ tricity in the system. If yours has been wasted, mv Belt will
y \ \^%^^Stt^mwWv^ put ' l k ac k a srain. jrivinR strength and vitality to every weak-
\l \ '^^^^^S^^^^^^ ItV also an absolute remedy for Nervous Debility.
X t Backache. Stomach. Liver. Kidney and . Bladder troubles,
> \ Vancoccle and Female Weakness.
N ~A^ >V^^Yi\WpiL • ¦ Dr * McLaughHn's Offer. '
N^S^^v^^^w^a^Nl ny honest man who will satisfy me that he can pav me
when cured can Ret my Belt. I krrow it will cure the dis-
'"y^^'lr ~~" eases described above, or I could not make this offer. I
< r^^S^^^^y*^^^>\ know it because I have thousands of letters which thank me
N^ 'f/\V for the jjood work my Belt has done for others as bad'.v if
«., not worse off than vou ma y be. If you are not the man or
SEC THE CURES. woman that you want to be, call at my office and give my
Belt a free test. If vou can't call, write for my eij?hty-paj»c
pi^J w «S^f^^ft][S d Sh l M^».t^%ffi book ' bcau t if «»y illustrated. It tells how and why my Belt
I have been for years. In fact. I consider myself 20 year* Cures.
younger; all of which I praise your Belt for."— HENRY PIN- c*r»r" 1 rf~'I H I ktATi/'r If VOU hav^ an r\M V.-U ~c
GEL. Germantown. Cal.. Sept. 10. 1900. SPECIAL NOTlCEl I^TthS make which haJ
"I am surprised at myself. My general health has not been burned Or blistered VOU, or does not possess electricity
way^Yo'ur^i^i/^^^eat^Vr^vement^oveV^rhe^olS Ity^. brin .K '^in and I will allow you one-half the orice of mine
there beins no burning or blistering." writes w. t. dilo^ for it. I guarantee my Belt to be stroneer in elcctricitv th-n
MAN. Sacramento. Cal.. Sept. 11. 1900. ¦ any other body app lf ance> and that it wi]1 not burn JJ jj? 1 ]
"Your Belt has Indeed relieved me- very much. It has ter.
strengthened my nervous system and greatly benefited the ac- . COME AND SEE ME OR IF YOITTAVT r«t t
tlon of my kidneys. I strongrly recommend your Belt for all WRVTP COP \V nnnl' 'ivn cv\nvrnw J CALL.
nervous weakness and kidney trouble." writes HENRY VVKllfc. rUK ill bUUK. AND 5\ MPTOM BLANKS
PEWS. Steward of the Lane Hospital. San Francisco. WHICH ARE SENT, SEALED, FREE. '•
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, m 1^
- $—©—•—•— • — • — ©—•—•—•-- O— *— •— • — • — • —% 9%*9j%%Q- % — % _ n m m
Is ale I
I of
I over I
I C03lS
H A chance to get a good coat 1
I cheap. Winter coming, so yon I
|1 better buy now. A special lot at I
II a special price for a special 6-days E
y sale. Dark or light tans ; blue or |
a black ; heavy beaver with or .!
ra without velvet collar. Your pick U
I from the lot, |
I $9.60 each I
Hj Ko «ie to fVf more th»a Red Front price* fc
I men's
I blue I
I serge j
I suits I
|J "Sack coats only ; single breasted S
0 vests; a neat suit for everyday |
{I wear ; fast color and of excellent |
\\ making,
\\ $7-9° iswit !
No rue to pay more than Red Front prices ;
I Dependable Drugs, i
in Sickness
Or in Health j
The Owi's Your Friend
Open Aii Night i
- r»Hono south 356 '
Cooes er.t Ever/where \
REGULAR OWL PRICES! 'i
\ tXcSTf M«:t 23c i
> itcuit-r's Malt !:«»€• '„
• Ueliln'a Kood :t.-<- '
; Eajrlf Condensed Milk 15c t,
' Quininp PIIU, 2 Brain* 1<H» ;m ( - \
j O>iinin«' PUIk. 3 grains Htu |o ( - «
1 Belladonna Plasters l«>e
! Ailoo. k> I'laFters " for UTif j
; C^.vtcria U:it- 3
' pvmp nf Fic6 :;r»t» j
Vin Mariar.i )<] ,<H> 1
<"uti<*urn F'Jip !"••
; IVar'i" Soap U for !±5<* ;
i IjiHarhf 1'owilw :ti»<- i.
J fr-aur.dor'n Powder 25c j
1 Pinktosn's Cotrpoun.l 7J»»» j
I Palneb Olcry Compound 7.%c v
Carter's Oascar* ••..••..•••.••.•••...2£o<.* '
:
1 m THE OWL [
j bm drug co., I
I sJti i!28 Market St., j
i iiiujjyj;^ I fcAN FRANCISCO. '
j |*||ff Tenth ant! Broadway, ]
I Jl^~$1j OAKLAND. I
ADVEBTISEirEUTS.Candidates for ordination were then
called before the conference and were ad
dressed by Bishop Hamilton.
The following conference trustees were
then elected: Weslev Dennett, W. S.
Urmy, J. D. Hammond. E. R. Dille, T. B.
Hopkins, F. D. Bovarri, H. B. Heacock,
W. W. Case. John A. B. Wilson.
A resolution to authorize the publication
of the history of the California confer
ence, written by C. V. Anthony, was
passed.
J. W. Ross, E. A. Winning and J. L.
Burchard were upon motion placed upon
the conference list of superannuates.
Dr. J. D. Hammond presided at the af
ternoon session, the chief business of
which was fixing Pacific Grove as the
place for holding the next conference:
passing a resolution requesting the Bishop
to fix the time of holding the conference
not earlier than. September 15; and a reso
lution to Invite the Lay Association to
nominate two laymen to sit upon the con
ference Board of Stewards. This last res
olution probably provides an entering
wedge by which laymen will finally gel
Into the annual conference.
At 4 d. m. the California Conference
and the. Lay Association met In Joint ses
sion. Bishop Hamilton presiding, to con
sider the auestlon of raising- a debt of
$60,000 menacing the life of the University
of the Pacific. Bishop Hamilton, Dr. H.
B. Heacock and Judge J. R. Lewis of
San Jose made addresses, and a resolu
tion binding the members of the confer
ence — clergy and laity alike — to raise the
funds for paying the debt during the
coming year was unanimously adopted.
The evening session was also devoted to
the consideraion of university questions
President EH ilcClish being the chief
speaker.
sions Granted.
FpeoJal DJepatch to The C&1L
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
PoEtof2.ce Chaiig'es and List of Pen-
WASHINGTON'. Sept. 15.— Postmasters
ecrainissioned: "William Russell. Felton,
Cal.
Appointed: Oregon— George E. Stocker,
A!ba. Umatilla County, vice P. \V.
Spates, resigned.
Washington— Aaron E. Osbum, Con
way. Skagit County, vice Charles Villa
neuve, removed; David lies, ©seo, Snoho
mish County, vice Charles E. Moore, re-
Bijjned; W. B. Rice. Rice. Stevens County,
vice E. F. Taylor, resigned.
The Civil Service Commission announces
an examination October 23 and 24 for the
position of structural steel draughtsman
at Mare Island. California.
Pensions issued— California: Orignal—
Solomon Rlchwlne, Sacramento, $S; Mat
thew Bhute, San Francisco. JS; Andrew C.
"U'addeU. Santa Cruz, $0; \Villiam J. Phil
lips, San Kranciseo, $10; John E. Ens-
strorn. Columbia, 55; George W. Cha>dd,
Scotia, S6; Elisha Dewitt, Yreka, $10. In
crease—James Brown. Soldiers' Home,
Los Anpeles, $S. Original widow— Ellen
Arline", San Kranciseo, JS. War with
Spain ("original) — Bernhardt R. Britton,
Ean Jose, SS.
Ore-on: Original— George TV. Grishaber.
Bridce. 58. Orldnal widow— Manda
K<-- ;• r. Waliowa, S^?.
W's shing-ton: Orijrinsl — Charles M. Prit
rhard. Seattle <d?ud). 512. Reissue and ln
crerisr^John E. Bruce. Dayton. $12. Orl
plnal widow— Elizabeth Pritchard, Se
attle. JS. *
STATE FAIU CLOSES.
It Was tlie Largest Held in 3Iany
Tears and a Success.
6;*"<"tel DtepatcA to TJ:e Ca!L
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 13.— The forty-
Feventh annual State Fair closed In a
blaze of glory to-r.'.ght. It was an un
qualified success. The race meeting was
the largest held in the State for many
years.
One of the elements that helped to make
the fair a success was the Citizens* Slate
Kair Club of this city, which provided
a series of interesting entertainments for
the pavilion nightly. The directors of the
State Agricultural Society feel that they
did all within their power to give a fair
that would be satisfactory to the people
of the entire Stau-, and that they suc
ceeded In doinsr fo against great odds.
The exhibits in the pavilion were of a
high order, ns were aJso those of live-
Ftoclc etc. The following; is a compari
son of the receipts at both park and pa
vHion for the la«t thre» year?:
At the park-liX P187; 1S», $10,672; 11-00,
S10 020.
At th«» pavilion— 1S38. £U3S; 1S93. $10,171;
The receipts at th* park this year ran
$f£2 behind those of last year ;m<l the re
o#>lpts at the pavilion ran J1571 behind
those of last year.
BTEXICATCS CEX.EBBATE
Observance of Their Independence
I>ay at Lemoore.
I.EMOORE, F'-pt. 15.— The Mexican resi
dents of this city to-day celebrated their
Independence day. The -weather was fine
a.nd a lax^e crowd from neighboring towns
was present. The city band of Fresno
tras hired for the occasion. The ralFins
of the Mexiesn flag was accompanied by
music, EjK-aklns and anvil firing, after
which th«-re was a. prajid parade conpist
lue of manv estcellent floats. The crowd
thon adjourned to Railroad Grove, where
a grand stand had been erected, and after
vocal and Instrumental music, speeches
bv prominent officers and others and lit
erary ex«--rcis<^ a. free barbecue was
served to all. The whole city was in pala
day attire and the crowd one of the larg
est ever assembled here on such an occa
sion. The e^l'-bration terminated with a
ETruid ball in Bank Hall this evening.
Two Serious Accidents at Modesto.
MODESTO, Sf pt. 15.— A man named AJ
exander had both of his legs crushed be
low th-? knees by a train at Crows Land-
Ir.z this afternoon. He was trying to ride
a Yirakcbeam.
J. S. r>udff*»on. a painter of this city,
was badly Injured by falling from the
FcafTolfllne of a house thirty feet hlRh.
j Jis lefi W £ wai broken, his knee dislo
cated ar.d his face and body bruised.
Arrested for an Old Crime,
VALLEJO. S<»pt. 15.— On the request of
the Sheriff of Riverside County, Chief of
Police Stajidford has arrested J. C. Car
ter (colored) for a felony committed four
ifo. years s*o.
coup Is charged to that meeting.
Yesterday Henry Una rented the old
club building of Agent Hawkins for $3 a
month and paid three months' rent In
advance. He stated to the unsuspecting
Hawkins that he was going to start a
"public reading-room" In the town. Last
night Directors Seely, Wosser and Ahern
rented the place from Lessee Una and, en
listing the services of Expressman Lewis,
the schoolroom paraphernalia was brought
from the warehouse and placed in the
rented quarters. An armed guard 'was
left in charge for the night.
This morning, before the Directors had
thrown out their skirmish lines, Mrs.
Valentino arrived on the scene and openeJ
hostilities. A boy janitor named Kaller.
who was sweeping the place, fled through
a window. Director Seely. supported by
Carpenter John Hahlr, rushed to the fray
and commenced bolting the desks to the
floor. Mrs. Valentine, finding herself over
matched, executed a masterly retreat un
til reinforced by Agent Hawkins and staff,
when she returned to the assault, vowing
an Immediate and forcible ejectment.
Seely and Hahlr barricaded themselves In
the building and, armed 'with clubs, held
their besiegers at bay. The noise of
angry voices brought almost the entire
population of Belvedere to the scene.
Tiburon was all there. Every parent on
the island took sides with the besieged
Director and victory perched upon the
banner of education.
Mrs. Valentine upbraided the Directors
for forcing their tenantcy upon her and
intimated that they would remove sooner
than they wished. The school forces were
not idle, and the glories of the public
school and the benefits of education were
exploited.
To-night the tramp of two armed guards
may be heart* within the building, while
on the porch across the way Sam McDon
ough softly fiddles "There'll be a hot time
In the old town to-night."
Just where the matter will end is not
known. It is probable that the courts will
be called upon to decide the case.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 15.— Considerable
Interest was aroused among Democrats
by the report to the effect that William
Graves, Democratic candidate for «'on
gress In the Sixth. District, Intended to
withdraw from the race. Telegraphic In
quiry directed to San Luis Obispo to-day
brought the following answer:
"No Intention of withdrawing. Will be
In Los Angeles within a few days
WILLIAM GRAVES."
Graves Will Not Withdraw.
LONE ROBBER
LOOTS A STAGE
Hold-Up on the Downieville
Road, in Which an Editor
Is the Only Loser.
The robber was as cool as a January
dav. He requested the editor to get back
into the stage and toM the driver to wblp
up. The last view of the robber was as
he disappeared behind the bnish, lugging
the empty box on his shoulder. The
Sheriff was notified as soon as the stage
reached a telephone station.
Then the "gentleman of the road"
stepped forth. He was clad In overalls
and had sacking wrapped about his feet.
A barley sack, with slits, constituted his
mask. At hi, .irder the driver threw
down the Wells Fargo box, but was dla
creetly silent aix.ut the iron chest under
his feet. Then the passenger ¦was asked
to step out an-J part with hi3 wealth and
the editor turned over the $30.
It was this afternoon that the four
horse stage left thi3 city bound for Dow.
nleville. In the Iron chest, bolted to the
bottom of the stase, reposed a goodly
treasure— all in shining gold. In the stag©
reposed \V. F. Eschbacher, editor of the
Downfeville Messenger, and $30 clinched In
his "inside pocket," and he was still
dreaming on the beauties of the
Native Sons' celebration, for he
had - been to the city to see the
sights. The stage jolted along until it
reached the grade, a mile and a half
above Nigger Tent, twenty-seven miles
from here. Suddenly there came from
the shrubbery the cry so familiar to the
old stage-drivers. "Halt!" was the com
mand, and the driver. L. L. Gaffney.
reining his horses, looked down the un
inviting barrels of a shotgun.
NEVADA, CaL, Sept. 15.— Th© "lono
highwayman" bobbed up serenely In this
county to-day. He la a man of nerve,
but he Is also a tyro at his business of ap
propriating other people's sold, for he
serenely walked away after holding up a
stage with an empty treasure box. while
the gold he was after reposed snugly in
the treasure chest bolted to the vehicle.
But he did rob an editor of thirty hard
earned dollars.
Special Dispatch to Th» Can.
Asthma sufferer* need no longer leave home
and business In order to be cured. Nature has
produced a vegetable remedy that win perma
nently cure Asthma and all diseases of the lungs
and bronchial tubes. Having tested its wonder
ful curative powers in thousands of cases (with
a record of 90 per cent permanently cured), and
desiring to relieve human sufTerlnjr. I will send
free of charge to all sufferers from Asthma,
Consumption. Catarrh, Bronchitis and nervous
diseases, this recipe. In German, French or
English, with fall directions for preparing and
uttng. Sent by mail. Address with stamp, nam
ing this paper, W. A. Koyes. 835 Powers' Block.
Rochester, N. X.
A CUBE FOR ASTHMA.
Naturalists have discovered that If the
voice of an elephant were an loud in
proportion to size as the nightingale his
trumpeting could bo heard around th»
world.
Special iKspatch to The (>v,.
STOCKTON*. Sept. 1j.— Was the letter
In the postoSice at Tracy, addressed to
James Mahony, withdrawn by some one
unauthorized to receive it? If so, the ob
ject was to iii.o from the officers a pos
sible clew to the secmins Impenetrable
rsystery suxrouEdlr.gr the violent death of
the your.jj £uc Franciscan. There is just
a faint suspicion by those who have been
following uie case that such may have
been true. As will be recalled, the ofll
cers searching: for clews to the mystery
located a letter In the postoftice of the
railroad town addressed to •'James Ma
hony." The presence cf the letter wai
made public through the papers and Sher
iff bibiey went over to Tracy to ascertain
tynether or not the party addressed was
oeceased. The story went that another
James Mahoay had called and claimed the
letter, giving a satisfactory explanation
as to his right to it. Now comes a sec
ond report that no Mahony called at all.
but that a man In I^athron cot a news
egent to go to the Uracy postoffice and
have the letter Eent over to him. at that
point.
The question arises. Was the man named
James Mahony or was it some one inter
ested in keeping the officers in the dark
and who. s-eei.is: in th^ papers that there
was a letter in Tracy supposed to have a
b^arinjr on the case, took this method of
heading- off the Investigation?
Of course, the withdrawal may have
boon regular and r>y a genuine James Ma
hony, as the dead and the live one have
D^rn mixed several times. It is undtrstood
that the iK^tmaster still Insists that a
man rarm-d Mahony. lesernbling the de
ceased, called at the office last Mondav.
The Investigation is still proceeding: but
the main hunt Is for a tangible clew for
tne officers 10 follow.
Siblej of San Joaquin Searching for
SHERIFF'S INVESTIGATION.
Clews in San Francisco.
Sheriff Sibley is in this city Investi
gating- the death of Mahony. His Inquiry
is about complete anU he will depart for
his home to-day. The officer, while he
adheres to the accident theory is still
energetic in satherinij every particle of
evidence which would tend to throw any
light on. the affair. As he expresses it.
if there has been a crime committed he
wishes to know it and will leave no stone
ur.turned until the whole truth Is brougnt
out.
While in this city th« Sheriff Interviewed
the relatives ard friends of the deceased.
He discovered that Mahony was last seen
here en the Friday night preceding- the
Monday on which his death occurred.
Where he went no one seems to know, but
as he was at one time employed in the
vicinity of Stockton It is believed that
h*» w*nt to visit old acquaintances. The
Sheriff is convinced that the man had
tittle or no rnon^y with him and uses this
j-.p or.e of the strongest arguments aerainst
ire theory that a crim? was committed.
cussing a New Phase of th.e
Matter, but Clews Are
Lacking 1 .
Saa Jcaquin County Officials Are Dis-
Another Puzzling Question
Comes Up in the Case
of Mystery.
DID A MAHONY
GET THE LETTER
IT TRACY?
WIFE SLAYER'S
INSANITY PLEA
Amos Ziegler of Santa Cruz
Swears That His Mother
Was Demented.
STOCKTON. Sept. 15.— The Democratic
County Committee met this afternoon and
filled the vacancies on the ticket caused
by the refusal of the convention nominees
to accept. Stark Smith was selected for
State Senator and E. E. Thrift for As
semblyman In the city district. Frederick
Kincaid agreed to stand for Assemblyman
In the country district. W. R Jacobs
was chosen chairman of the county com
mittee.
San Joaquin Candidates Named.
The trial is set for September 24. but it is
probable that the case will be continued
on account of the necessity of getting the
testimony of the witnesses named In the
affidavit.
"And I further say I had not until this
day b^on able to ascertain the respective
residences of said Alfred Ziegler and
Paris Zie-sler, although I have been since
my incarceration in said jail diligently
endeavoring to do so."
"I am the defendant In the above named
case. I am now confined in the County
Jail at the city of Santa Cruz and am
awaiting my trial for murder. I have en
tered my plea of not guilty to the charge
and an issue of fact has been joined In
this cause My defense in this case is
insanity. Alfred Ziegler and Paris Zieg
ler are material witnesses for my defense,
without whose testimony I cannot pro
ceed to trial. Both of said Alfred Ziegler
and Paris Ziegler reside outside the State
of California, to wit, in the city of Phila
delphia.
"liy the testimony of said Alfred Ziegler
and of said Paris Ziegler I will prove that
my mother died Insane and that my
brother, David Ziegler, died of epilepsy in
an asylum for the insane, being at the
time of his death confined in such asylum
as a patient, and I do not know of any
other witness or person by whom I can
prove such facts.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 15.— Amos Ziegler,
who Is in the County Jail, charged with
the murder of his wife, will make a plea
of insanity In his defense. This statement
Is made In an affidavit filed this morning
with the clerk of the Superior Court,
sworn to by Ziegler. The document is as
follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 15.-There was a
battle royal at Tiburon this morning. It
was a battle of words — warm, sizzling
words that flowed from unbridled tongues
in a tempest of sound and fury. It was
a battle in the cause of education, and
the victory perched on the banners of
those who stand for learning and culture
In the wilds of Tiburon. :-V^.'-
Combatants In the fray:
Attacking force— Mrs. T. B. Valentine,
supported by Agent James Hawkins.
Defenders — Janitor Faller (routed early
in the conflict); School Director Seely, re
inforced by Carpenter John Hahlr. and
later by all the parents resident In Tibu
ron. -..V'
The trouble is one of long standing. It
arose about a year ago over the old Ath
letic Club building, .where the town school
wus conducted last year and where it
will be conducted this year, unless the
law sides against the teaching of youth.
The building Is owned by Mrs. T. B.
Valentine and James Hawkins is her local
agent. For a time last year Mrs. Valen
tine allowed the use of the building rent
free to the School Directors, but toward
the end of the tenantcy the Directors
agreed to pay $12 per month. Here is
where the trouble commenced. The Direc
tors claim that Airs. Valentine presented
them with a bill for the full time the place
was used as a school. A portion of the
bill was paid, but the school was removed.
The desks and other paraphernalia were
taken to the railroad warehouse and the
children were turned loose in the chapar
ral of Belvedere Island to await the time
when a new school building might be con
structed.
A site was selected and on numerous
occasions during the past year the clink
of the carpenter's hammer on Lyford Hill
reminded the people of Tiburon that their
little schoolhouse was being built. Last
Thursday, however, the people grew rest
lees when it became known that it would
take three months to complete the build
ing and School Directors J. J. "Wosser. J.
B. Seely and William Ahern were called
upon to provide school accommodations
by Monday next.
- The members met In recent session as
a strategy board. The success of. to-day's
Victory Perches on Banners
of the Forces of
Education.
BATTLE ROYAL
OVER AT TIBURON
THE SAN If KAJS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
Solano Democratic Convention.
SUISTJN. Sept. 15.— The Democratic
County Convention met in the Courthouse
at Fairfleld to-day, the Vallejo delegation
being accompanied by the Vallojo Hussar
brass band. Frank T. Sweeney of Cor
delia was chairman and T. V. Corcoran of
Fairfield secretary. The following nom
inations were made:
For State Senator— Guy Shirley of Vallejo.
For Assemblyman — John R. Snead of Dixon.
For Supervisors — First District, David M
Fleming of Vallejo; Second District, P. B.
Lynch of Vallejo; Fifth District, J. B. Sulli
van of Rio Vista.
Sweitzer to I#ead a Forlorn. Hope.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 15.— The Demo
cratic County Committee met. here this
afternoon and completed the work of its
late convention by naming a candidate for
the Assembly. F. W. Sweitzer of Novato
reluctantly consented to lead the forlorn
hope against Atherton. for the legislative
prize.
Srwclal Dispatch to The Oil.
FACIKIC GUOVE, Sept. 15.— So much
woik is to he done by the members of the
California Methodist Episcopal Confer
ence, row in annual session in this city,
that there is little time for the usual
gossip regarding appointments, but some
rumors are afloat that are causing no lit
tle interest.
AmoiiB these reports, one of especial in
terest is that Dr. John A. B. "Wilson of
the Howard Sticet Methodist Church 01
San Francisco is, by his own wish, to be
transferred, but whether to some other
metropolitan church or to take chargre of
a district as presiding elder, is yet un
settled by the gossips.
F. K. Baker, one of the young men of
the conference, who has returned to ser
vice after BeVKral years of study In th»
Kast and Kurope, is spoken of as the
probable successor of Dr. W. S. Urmy at
the First Church, San Francisco, and
Dr. A. H. Needham of Salinas is men
tioned for the presiding eldership of one
of the new districts.
The morning session to-day was called
to order at 9 o'clock hy Bishop Hamilton,
yesterday's minutes being then read and
adopted.
L>r. John Ivirby, presldiner elder of the
Oakland district, was then introduced and
made his sixth annual report, which is
also lila last in his present capacity, for
his time has expired, the time limit for
presiding ciders bc-inj? still In force. The
report was virtually an epitome of. experi
ences and the work accomplished in that
district during the past eix years. Dr.
Kiiby spoke feelingly of all the pastors
un«ier his charge and the splendid work
they have been doing:.
The action of yesterday's executive ses
sion resulted in the admittance on trial
of Robert K. Atkinson. Wllsey M. Martin,
Amen Jung. L.. Itoy Fulmer, J. N. Sim
mons, Genshich Tsuruda and Charming
A. Richardson.
The disciplinary questions were then
taken up, the following persons beintr
elected to elders' orders, to bo ordained
The following: now on trial were admit
ted Into the lull membership of the con
ference ajid elected to deacon's orders:
Paul M. Spencer, Hobert J. Trevarrow.
T. Morimoto. The latter will be ordained
deacons to-morrow.
D.r Wilson of San Francisco
It Is Said, Is to Ba
Transferred.
CONFERENCE
APPOINTMENTS
to-morrow: Edward H. Mackay, Morizo
Yoshida. Fay Donaldson, C. F. Withrow
and AVinHeld S. Kelly.
Edward D. R.illley was admitted on
trial and David Ralston was received from
the M. E. Church South and elected to
local deacon's orders. T. Takohashl was
also elected to deacon's orders.
25
j THIS EMPORIUM. | THE EDIPOKrCTM. I THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. f I- THE EMPORIUM.
| §?a,$$2.&Qaad$i5 Ths Emporium, updo return of goods, wall cheerfully ref ued your pirnr* The Fa j g styfes in
I snk-Hned sample jac"- chase m©mey li you can buy the same qiaaHly elsewhere at a loweir price. ife°^ r fest G I°t^i^ "and
i flit fi^ 3^?™ 1^ Beauthul Curtains Bmas$asB*$2zg*£ J^^to ffif MHt*^ Embroideries e3t as3orWtme ? t K ( rf boy^ cloth-
2* (*S"^8jr ttrea and ia s ? me S$ HaSf PflGfS &$<&*&> &. Q&3ff0t£ Wktr£MB97 mJPB OJP m B sr&*3> a mmmmmmt/m «ur«»««^4r B\Lm*j0 mg ever owned by the big store
1 Mti ¦ SSSia'JSS; IBD pairs of fine he. chains." cable " Vary LOW PrWCS for Beautiful Goods. at abOUt hatf. fa now on di S p Ia y and sa ,e ne
$ £rh "-VS.S SS?.'S Ul^fty; t SSi!Sa i a We offer on Monday one of those fortunate purchases f*L& *% a'e th? preubstTbatwa
»I* r^CS^-4J eoods and, 8 oid in ecru, but we only have ons or two pair* which the up-to-date merchant delights in — some- some assortment of new have ever seen, and we guarantee
S CfW" -'"^ r £& tl mhll ZS "<ZZX we°bl r thing that can sell for a little more than half regular effects of Nainsook and Cam- a &'«>„,,, M „,„ , t , 10
v *?• S10, $12.&0 and $15 marked them to close at positively one- prices and Still make 3. profit. This time it JS a large brie edging3 and insertions, in years of !^ip^
* // [J —we make them a half actual value. assortment of choice silks worth from Si oo to 25i co a widths from l to 5 inches, that age, an i^ra
Si' JI p-eat special offer- Curtains worth $o.00 pair, iQr...$2*50 aaauiuicii ui uiuiwaiiM wuiiiniuiu pi.uu iu jpj.^ua hnnfrhf in +ha . ftm ,i,,, wnn #nti-«l» (iPStM
i i°?.$7.45. Curtains worth ROO Jair,' f.r...%.OO yard. Which wilfbe Sold at 63g and 68C. wonld retail at 12&iU III SS stle. f^W
\* Me>m Suit* WZ OO worth 53 - 00 p 3 '^ --SUBO i 700 yards of Black Swiss Taffeta, 23£ inches wide, a good wearing SVv,H lili; lS al! - wo<)1 (fS5\ fgfe^
8k JTm^, Drapery Dcpartxnent-Mamnoor. silk "with very brilliant Juster. finished especiallf for dress Mondav onlv^nlttL^ ¥*¥* WzBM^L
1 1 "-Sl e eSv e^ SX Bedding S PSG fel S skirt, and shirt waists. Would be an excellent /alue at SfoS^^rf SO .^Jtith JfeO^^J
-v Colored Hom^pun §M f or Fvf®ntf&V Oltilw. * l '°° P er . >' ard (o»r regular Si>c quality)— the big O^fC Stamping Outfit, with distribu- small col- jtfUfc\)2hzzV*tf
i J» Cheviots. Vene- ]6sM 7 „ . , T - \- store's special price, Monday only <***<***<**. tor and everjthirg needed for do{ ] ar , e m- n\^/Jx vi\ X//
| tians and Covert,; ©£# O<^ beached P How Casing 4o Hundreds o f yardg of $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 Fancy Silks, a very Tour own .tamping - special _ . broidar ed {! JM L VULl-^
!| larVoTapeitSt LAf\ S^^^cKd^^in^M choice assortment, including plain and fancy striped Taffetas, Per- Monday only, each 6C %M^//^Ul
iy or the reguia- I K \ 'Ji% inches wide—^er yard 12\o sian efFects, brocade., plaids and checks; silks suit- Fait nn m it m doable- MvTir^ v vil(
a? Hovbe- Veasted 3 jjOT 1 Djuble Bel Urb'.eachcti Sheeting. able for shirt waist?, underskirts, linings, rufflin^s. #aJ?S^* rail /VsifiinGry. breastel H\\ 1 « •> til
g J, ckct.nl fly font V f^Sf rS;'aSSm!^IS^^^S! trimming?, etc.; on special sale Monday only— per.yard *****' Our large ,^*\ *"*•*. \\Hl }J\J
jtf J-^Ciet; the skirta l r \ FineGradaSiljColms Comforters. Sales Tablef-Maln aisle. and SUperb J®Mk Bhepiierd 1 [J JTf iVf
!» aro flared, -and Vv, . I best white filling— each $1.2a i . . , . r p ,, j^M^$iM%. plaid and iHftJ
IS they are a special i \ Ex=el!ent full size white Bed Appends Perfioiionof Ft**X CSl7tFT-SnfV of v r-n • • /WllfttTO^lUWv knee J& &\ *V
j£ va:u3 at StS 1 \ ~ e^h $1.OO liYG/fTiTMT A^H 11 ] «'. style and ***& *f, "" * Millinery 13 /MV^A^Inh pants; V
fa; 5J fine Sample t!\ |\ — 7—- — SV^^h'd^^WJ durabil i ty. BHantiKerCniefS* ready. The [^^S^-^^Vp) manufactured to iciail a: —
£ Tea: for f \ \\\ SS3QQ5&Sl StSlS OF tT*nn {WJ?'SS?P > %? The «enuino You never saw such a handkerchief as very large y^W^^^^^^ our department store n j» -*
£• Dresser. I | \\\ FH****^^ B -—-«.„ « have 'Mm- this one is-a pick of 200 dozen fancy v „ ' : ? i^S?^ * r[c * i?^-^£»
i Si b'ack, navy anr* | \\ \ UfrBSS tLi'SMtii^Sm j^s¥^fW arch " 8tam ?- hrmstitched, sheer lawn handkerchiefs a ? * li ri • W? Saiton Suits— tor toyi 3 to 10
i»C colors— ail the ntvJ \l| Vfe-S^ Small lot— about 750 yards-black Isit- ed on every suitable for ladies or children— a fine Since tne \/ T Jr ¦ years of age, a 1-wool Ssrges, in blues,
j^ styles and allsiz-. %zJ%&ksrf^ silk skirt linings. Tacykok like taffeta - cla3 P' school handkerchief— on special tm IOrmal Mil- browns, reds and greens — handsomely
£ — reguarly they ~-*^r ( \\y an d wear better — regalar valua *^r^4/ e Gre sale Monday only, each *»G linery Open- Z^S&y'^* embroidered collara and shields, lonj full
: would be $30 and 53^-^e haya is c a yard— sale price -^ SOleagentS m M » **% : T^~ ing shows cut blouses, very fine materials and co'ora
S marked them a 1 $25.00 Monday S2C 6 mfff* iSOidttgilUe that our pfFort? to secure the guaranteed SJ.O'J and $G.OO
'-H ** T TZ * #a : 5Oc Cuff Buttons. 18a ww *~ **r*JUH*MmM*m%~ tnat our efforts to secure tne * Fancy Roofer Suits— tot boy*
jj. GarSSQISStteS, VUQ. «. MnsSermUSllnS. Gleaned out lhe balance of a m**'* the SaSe Of Jest and most Stylish headwear S to 8 years of age-something entirely
I IP On Monday the Picture and Frame De- •"«= r " sr **'**"»* ****•»****»« stock— 200 pairs only— of gold-plated BBS** «9CBff«* HMM has been appreciated. Nowhere new. a fine quality of worsted chevio:.
'£ partmsiit, second floor, offers a splen- yS^V Oar fa' 1 line is link buttons, knots and fancy ends, war. ©Ise SO many Hats, Feathers, blue, red or tan. reefer coat with belt.
i%' did assortment of artistic carbonette?,- /$&& rg3p . ™ ranted by the maker not to tarnbh, «'»r«C?# &V<VS9« WinffS Ornaments and ShaDes handsomely gotten up wjth silk tie, em-
;*£ mounted with 3-inch carbon matts. W*W compete We bou?ht in the regular way would retail ##««##««*#« *%f mnn'c Fine Paft Walkimr HaH ' broidered s hield 8, pan t s lined
% These pictures posses* all of the \M * how «» styles f rom 35c to 60c a pair-on fsa u S ° n ° f Fine Felt Walking Hats throughout-oor --y ~ n
It ,tr.:r.gth in detail and beiuty of gan- jLs~ from the plainest sale Monday fQC hantlSOim OverCOatS 9t ™""&7""" T"^\ f S P i0 * 3 ' 00 price &5*UU
»{ u: n? cuboi photographs. Among the *° oii \° —» - ffOtn S third tO a Half $4' 5 'oTo$8's6
S ClSSS^Si^&SI W^mX-^V^T; P^eSS Goods. '%f o % tha " "•*-•' Latest Fads in
I ,00 JmWg&t&z s *&j%^:^^ f^o— oats $f+*L %^ssz££*J££S @ N io w b5S B -^
!j: L,®fitE»S. \j \ l '^\\ Gown -Like best makers is fully represented here. ?35 Overcoats SSffeS'** 5 ZNeW models direct from in after taking
5 /fSix of tha latest picture, with A half a dozen items qcoted below ara now , fN'eW York tfinWU for tllP K^iuliMvVn a bath— cut full
g P^^^^fh stvies of ladies' elaborately far better values than you would ordin- now _! dXGW I OW StlOWIl JOr IM mMg&$% and long, so as
i mfiS5fi!5ffl\ shell Side Combs, trimmed collar and yoke of lace and arilyexrect at the price?. SI 2,73 Standard fast tittle MOHday. to completely
,1 •;;;:,! i|"! fi at a littla more embroidery insartion, lace on ccff% Venetian Cloth— 52 inches, all wool, n««4;« M « Ma , g&s JS*\ Soft Quill Pompons, in gray, brown »nd "ft/WiV^il V"a 1
j»: Miljf SHP' thanhaif regu'ar r.bbou at neck $2.00 perfect dye and finish, in all of the Dictionary, $5.40* black, one doz3n ia a bunch, per J/VpWSP*® I > J a* TB a
» .OkUi-fc*- prices; 5C0 pairs Camb-ic fekipt— Daep lace ruffl', standard and new shades, - the bast rfpsppg™r> The genuine Fank & • bunch BOO 0lll\l>\ *^§L a ? 1 *
i tZ thit our Notion bnv'er c'o-edoutat a with c'uster of tucks, deep fliunceof value in town, at. per yard... St.OO > Wa^nall's Standard Second floor. TSj/jtij {JreSil v n ? K v *a
; £ price— best fini-h— siz?s 4 to 4i inches embroidery, value for $2.50, our price. Camel's Hair Cheviot— 56 inches, ! »*~ Wj®£3& ' Dictionaries, con- _. ~ . __ — ~~" I-M"'i M • necS and
J. -regular va ue from 25c to - o -- : •••• •, "| $ 2 '°° th, most popular fabric for street SL |l| taining 301,865 EXCS/ISnt ValueS /if ' \\ \\. f \TS7^? %
\% Socapair-Mjndavonly fO£ fc»kint Chemise— Fine lawn, with wear, ia the new shades o! brown, SSKfigrri^H vocabu ; ary term?, f oalfiAH tfSni**!^ J RM # finest quaaty of
!»>; deep Irce edging and insertion at bot- shepherd gray, Qxford and b'u,\ per F«' lovOT^f ' and more than 5000 M-UeMtnUT" *XUU&&m <| 1^? toweling m
i| J SVlOndaW ®ff&rfis$n*S tom of ?ki * lbunce - two lace in3er - yard $1*25 &imii i'lu^ratioas, bound Ladies' Combination Card Case and fancy patterns
'tf — m * mil *f *""**' -"US' tions and edge on )oke, with ribbon Satin Vcneticnne— 48 iiciies, a :fe« fffij \WtV in full sh««p with Pocket Book, genuine alligator, leath- ......... g^-SO
i K &fS*0Gef m £eS ~ mLitSUOFS lacing $2. SO new and extremely stylist weave3 in l|j^ h K^Jyfy \ Dennison f 3 ' p3tent er lined, in several pretty shades, stoat „ $ 3 * "" SO
ig. ##«--- o r f v Fine Cambpic Drawers — With' such beautiful coloring; as resela, index, tr.e be3t die- nickel frame GUo Men * Dollar Underwear— Ibsh-
\ % , nams cest ivist- extra wide embroidery flounce and pearl, biscuit, goblin, etc, per yard tionaiy of the En- Chatelaine Bags-Genuine Morocco, colored underwear, the form fluting
: »>* ern Sugar Cured, 'rt^x cluster of tuck3 and hemstitching, an $1.59 gish language that i* published. medium sizas. full leather finish, new kind that clings ta the body without
j §; the Emporium )f| \\ extra valueat 53o I?cvcrsible Cloth — 52-inch, heavy About 250 left from onr immense pur- colorings 75o wrinkles, fa'l and winter weight, woven
6 bnni nor-p hptt^r ))*' /'\\ Tennis Gowns- Beat ia town at the weight, either plain or plaid back?, cha=e, on sale while the - 0% A Novelty Purse— New slip ring of fiae soft wool with enough cotton
g a*u, iiuuc ucic.i a, «ii prjce3 75O and $1.00 the fashionable fall colorin"-^ per quantity !a't3 &Oa*tU purae, latest Eastern fad, made of to . prevent shrinking— per jrnrment
a; at any price, on 0 Children's Normandy Caps— yar d $2.00 ooze calf, in several pretty colorings $1.OO
\ il special sale Mon- { / /j$ OR/ <c*\{ New styles, all colors $1.25 Black Storm Cheviot— 52 inche*. tL.O\Ff-Priced NotiOHS 25o New Striped Shirts— the new fa!l
iff day only, per lb.... ! ,; "'ham- y Infants' SiJk Cops-N*w rilk all woo', a perfectly fast co'or, shrunk Back Combs-new ahapea. 20c to $4 60 Chain Bag Purse-New shape as ?f tte "!- f nd c °! 1 ori ?", 3 (Principally
& f9}f \\L /} llned &1.25 and sponged, vard $1.00 Hern Hair Pins— doz-n 10c to 50c .^^ shown in picture blue, heliotrope and pink effects), that
i* R[ca'-YzwlZ£%K>yjJ Ladles' Sa-itary Bands-Medi- BlackVcbblc Cbeviot-52 inches. Kh™ 'snSorters-pii 'ScVoJIOO jf\. nickel <= haIa good dressers all over the country are
! g Mofday. 6 TbI .256 r cated, 6 in box. box 25 O Tery popuur for tai or suits and short -fto W Toll^ Sppo? ers^the very / \ handle, undres- wearu>g to busmess-a largo consign-
$ Eromanaeon- Second Floor-Front skirts Bpendid value.peryard.^50 latest, 25c to $1.00 7 # «l\ "ed leathers in *«* embracing many styles Just re-
g A most devious dessert, all flavors, <g^#^ n f IT^^^ ™* C * S^FH? J nche \ tha Skirt Bindings-brush edge, waterproof f J* ¦«r«Trr-*fo ? pretty shades, e y^T-wui f pafr o'f "SS" S
t Mondav. package fOo Sate OF tFOffcSm newest of black fabrics, la ten beau- or corduroy -per yard, 5c to 25c. (kJ i \\ extra well made Uh palr ° f c* o «
X Puro Fruit Jam -All varieties, *£^*£*Z\ » t:fui design*, nothing more suitable White Cotton Tape, that will not twist WJ fff i:ff / m/.ffJff^^\S each-.......7gQ p"gg[^^'t^^Z^Egg
* Mb. glass jars 15o * for a swell black suit, per yard in washing-bunch, 5c and 8c. *** •" F ™ Small B iz3 S of Hojamas-the most comfortable sleep-
I S f r %d e ¥s S 7 ViCt ° rybrand^ X F1^^yie^eVt-oTenVranc-e:^ QQ Feather Braids-white or cl- in co orad grain leather...5d O
» : "ffi if i#' s - Be " i1S; i& Novelty Flannelette *™™**^v« *»* i* Book Sale* S S^^S^-S.*^ ff
h AnvErnt*— 'rho=r«"U7rnV«t»'V \\ n ? sets of aluminum table forks that will Skirt Pstt Gftt^ 2*9 f* Cabinet Wirnins 5c and Rr A large collection of popular literature jamas fastens with froga and ia pro-
| ?S!SS^^S^S& P.ate.W^W !^-R«^ e P :S^ r Sn B . b f"n m Jid«r£ F^k*I*», t . fc U^" " »» •*« pr|M Oorprice "' SMS
| E f.f.'...^!^'!. l '..?. o .^I 2 .asS Novelty Neckwear. Z2±£££ZtZ!L!Z 29o ,^^,'^r"'""' '"' tu - Buttesrick Patterns
I best imported. Monday, per down™ fflffi and I Wfat " iZt % "^ " S de8Cripti ° DS **** tO ° rd " ° D ;ShSoSSs? 2.iS LS5 Jljles. The ?2h of sheet lid catafo^
A Kantuc j t }( Bourbon Whis~ &£v&\ These really handsome BgggiMR-S^FsHfD 153 SSS 13 2*& & 'W'th Sampson Through ' " Tha October Delineator is the
V Iroy- Fail quart bottles, regularly c °' " a " es .,, are ™ a ' e tm &&$* fcfifl 88" I 'W^ MM^m BaJ£» Pi 13 Wk M the War-. 2.50 .98 handsomest bee of thia a'.wavs at-
S J^tZ^lFn---* r 5 '°i r^W\ °J liberty Bilk combin- 1 W ti| >A M^^^mM^^ M M U^^M "Cooper's Sea Ta'e.O 5 vol. C ood • tractive and well renowned ina'gazina
* Medicinal Brandy- A good B)*m\\ ed wth hearr chenille. M BWWU fc^* VM1^ r^BSgg^ cloth binding, in box. the set... .9S that has yet eome from the presa. price
K cuality, on Monday, per gallon.57. 99 j l\ Mjf V also long s earners of $& M$l&^ «3kff&^i BW^ "Cooper', L»a:h ? rStoc!:in^Ta 1 e 3 ," per copy 15c, or by subscription $1.00
£ Swcef W/«es-Ange.ica, Tokay or // A\ife-'V chenille, coors black, %M pP**^ - _ J?"" 5 vols., cloth binding, the set... .98 per vAr.
£ Madeira, 6 years o:d, regularly $150 castor or cream. piB W&2®LjZ<i&3&W*a '"Tam Brown at Oxfora" and ' Tom Subscriptions taken and single copies
U per ga"on, on Monday only 99O '/ |fflKl Prices each from w-Miawoa-w pir-a ,t M««w.w«a • -^ Brown at Ru?bv " the 2 vols fo- sale at Bntter : ck PahtPrn Tt^-xrt.
g Mam noor-Rcar.^ W $4 50xo$15.00 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE KJlfSLj^lZl .39 L^S^^J^Si^^There was once a Woman who was to
extraordinarily Clever as to be able to
persuade a Man that sne was rtsautlfol
Put she was not Domestic She wrote
Fascinating Letters, whlcn made the Man
believe that to have Any One i'kt» Thit «„
the House he would* W Uin£ly SK S
Housekeeper. But he was Set in his
Wa» which was one of the Reasons whry
"I am afraid This will not Do " he said
and Broke the Engagement "
Afterward the Woman attended rin<nK.«
in Domestic Science, IncludnVg : Sewin
hy e #J? \ Efl L orts *ere Unavailing. Sewingt
I JA IS t« e M2lf 1 U^ ha M l ls Sometimes too
Late to Mend.— The Country Magazine.
A FABLE FOR LAZY GIRLS.
A good story is told of two Oxford un
dergraduates touring in tho East, who
entered the shop of a Jew whose knowl
edge of English, though he spoke most,
other tongues, was limited. With the cus
tomary carelessness of the Anglo-Saxon
race when abroad, one undergraduate re
marked to the other, on falling: to make
the Jew understand what he wanted, "The
fool does not speak English!"
This remark came within tho radius of
the old Jew's comprehension, and drew
from him the following questions:
"Do you spik Italian?" to which they re
|'Do you splk Grikr*
"Do you splk Turk?"
"Do you spik Spanish?*
"Do you spik Russian?"
After a pause the old man, with conBld
erable energy, ejaculated: "Me one times
tool; you five times fool!" to the complete
discomfiture of the young man.— Tit-Bits
THE VALUE OF LANGUAGES.
This stylish costume i3 in hemp colored
Venice guipure, over a transparent of sul
phur colored taffetas. The corsage is
trimmed with a strip of taffetas of the
same color, with turrjuoise buttons The
bottom of the skirt is finished off with a
black v'elve? 0133 " The waistband »» i"
COSTUME IN VENICE GUIPURE.
Some surprise has been expressed at the fact that
Cupid was very busy during our recent celebration
under the direction of the Native Sons. Critics should
not forget that our Native Sons believe deeply in the
growth of their order.
If you have not yet contributed to the fund for the
relief of the Galveston sufferers make up your mind
to do so at once. In an emergency of this kind help
that is not given promptly will be no help at all.
Dawson, the veracious correspondents say, is now
a rich man's city. Perhaps the industrious scribes
meant to say that the town is for rich men only.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY f.GAIN.
ONE more test has been made by the British
Admiralty of the Marconi system of wireless
telegraphy, and again the test has resulted in
demonstrating the success and practical utility of the
invention. The trial was made between Portsmouth
and Portland, a distance of sixty-five miles, and the
test was the more severe because between those
points there intervenes St. Albans Promontory', rising
high above the levels at which the messages were
transmitted and received.
So thoroughly satisfied were the British officers
with the results that they at once ordered the installa
tion of the system on thirty-two warships, and it is
said will also have the system installed at all the land
stations of the kingdom. That, of course, is but a
beginning, for eventually every ship in the navy and
every important station in the empire will be provided
with the new means of telegraphy.
It is to be noted that Marconi's agents offered to
prove the system capable of overcoming an cvcji
severer test. They claimed to be able to transmit mes
sages over a distance of eighty-six miles, no matter
how many mountains or cities intervene. In'fact. one
of them in an interview with a correspondent of the
London Chronicle said: "Three years ago the great
est feat was nine miles, but now we hope to double
eighty-six miles in a very short time. It is obviously
a great advantage for ships to be able to communicate
with one another eighty-six miles apart, but it must
be of still greater use to extend the distance to 150
miles. The limit of possibility in this direction is as
unknown as discoveries in any other branch of elec
trical science."
The expectation of an early achievement of teleg
raphy without wires over a distance of 150 miles may
seem oversanguine, but it must be borne in mind that
what has been done within the last three years affords
a solid ground for entertaining such a hope. It is
hardly more than a year ago when the Examiner
mocked at the feat of The Call in procuring the an
nouncement by wireless telegraphy of the arrival of
the transport Sherman with the California Volun
teers. A little later, when, in connection with the
New York Herald, The Call obtained reports of the
international yacht race by wireless telegraphy across
twelve miles of sea. the Examiner again ridiculed the
invention, denounced it a fake and called the inventor
"Macaroni." Now ths system transmits messages for
PROTECTION AND PROGRESS.
] JNDER the title "Protection and Progress" Mr.
1 j John P. Young, editor of the Chronicie, has
contributed to the economic literature of the
time what in many respects is the ablest exposition
yet made of the advaniages to the world of the pro
tective system of promoting the industrial develop
ment of a country. The work is much more than an
economic treatise, since it deals with the subject
under ail its aspects, political and sociological as well
1 : idustrial, and presents a comprehensive study of
the cor.tru^s between protection and free trade as
a::vctinfr the welfare of the world, not only in our
own time, but in the future as well.
At the very opening of his book Mr. Young points
our that his object is to combat the erroneous idea
that the one object of the protective policy is to as
sist in the establishment of a domestic manufacturing
in itwry. That in itself might or might not be good,
according to conditions under which the industry was
established, but Mr. Young holds that where the con
ditions are favorable The protective system should be
continued even after domestic industries have been
firmly founded, because the system tends to prevent
waste of energy and wealth in the transportation of
goods from one country to another, and results in
cheapening the production of all the necessities of
civilization, not in one country, only, but throughout
the world.
Mr. Your.g states the proposition broadly thus:
"It is the function of protection to destroy the arti
ficial advantages resulting from accumulations of
capital and those which result from prior occupation
of fields of industry. In performing this work pro
tection is gradually reducing the wastefulness in
volved in useless carriage. In this respect it presents
2 complete antithesis to free trade, which promote?
this sort of wastefulness by encouraging the unneces
sary hauling to and fro of raw and finished article.i.
The inevitable outcome of protection must be the cre
ation of many centers of industry instead of one or
two. The result of this practical conversion of the
whole world into a workshop will be an enormous
gain to mankind."
In maintaining his propositions Mr. Young makes
sn elaborate study of the industrial history of Great
Britain as an illustration of the effects of free trade,
snd the chapters dealing with that phase of the argu
trcnt are among the most interesting and instruc
tive in the work. By a severe and searching but im
partial analysis of the effects of free trade in Great
Britain, and the consequent lieavy annual exportation
of coal to earn.- raw rraterial and finished goods to
and fro across the ocean, it is shown that Great
liritain is even now verging upon a decline of indus
trial and commercial power because of the waste of
her coal supply.
Upon that point it is said: "If it is a blunder bor
dorint: on the criminal to heedlessly strip the earth
of its forests, which human care and energy may re-
More, what may we »all the unnecessary destruction
of the store of mineral fuel, which can never be re
placed? That is a question which will come home to
posterity, and when t|ic answer is framed it will eni-
Lrace an awful indictment against a false <»onomic
system which taught men to deliberately waste an in
dijpcnsable economic assistant provided by nature
which can never be replaced."
Ample statistics are cited to show the extent to
which the free trade waste is being carried on, and
then further proof is advanced of the advantages
which result from estcblibhing the factory near th^
field and the mine, so that no waste is entailed in
hauling goods from one place to another. Moreover,
it is pointed out that protection saves the workers of
a country from the excessive competition of other
lands :tnd thus directly tends to improve their con
citions and to advance them in all lines of human en-
As the issue between free trade and protection is
still a matter of controversy in our politics, the publi
cation of this book is timely from a poHtical as well
as an economic standpoint, and it merits the attentive
study of all thoughtful citizens. It is bound to have
s powerful influence on the public mind, and will take
high rank among the notable publications of the year.
A Galveston boomer says the storms there are no
worse than along the Great Lakes, and that if the
people build suitable houses everything will be safe
in future. He therefore advises young men to go to
Galveston and grow up with the town. The counsel
may not be good, but the cheerful vigor of the local
pstriotism displayed will appeal to many an Amen
can heart. That is the sort of stuff that builds up
cities, and if Galveston have much more like it her
future will be bright.
The marriage of Miss Jennie Wollenberg
of Roseburg. Or., to Carl Munter of Cuhn
& Munter. merchants at Cottonwood, will
bo celebrated in tho parlors of the Cali
fornia Hotel this afternoon at 4 o'clock.
A dinner will be served to about fifty
guests.
Rev. G. Karney, wife and daughter of
London. are stopping at the Occidental.
They have come to America on a pleasure
tour. Mr. Karney's son is In charge of
the Seamen's Institute in this city.
The marriage of Miss Isabel Lyman and
R. li. Phillips will take place at the Cali
fornia Hotel next Tuesday evening at 9
o'clock. About 150 invitations have been
issued.
Clarence King, an old-time Californlan,
who is now living in Chicago, is renewing
former acquaintances here, having- taken
quarters at the Grand.
George M. Perine has taken his apart
ments In the Occidental aFrain, after
spending the summer sight-seeing In the
East.
H. M. Wheeler and H. J. Small, mer
chants at Lcs Angeles and Sacramento
respectively, are registered at the Palace.
Dr. S. American, who has been seriously
111 with blood poisoning, for the past
month, is much improved.
Major Edward E Dravo, stationed at
Manila, is in the city and has taken quar
ters at the Occidental. ,
T. G. Thomson and wife of Spokane are
at the Palace. Mr. Thomson is a promi
nent mining man.
J. F. WagKman of the United States
cavalry at Washington is stopping at the
Palace with his wife.
A. G. Campbell, owner of a large mine
at Humboldt, is stopping at the Grand
with his wife.
Dr. L. Dearth, proprietor of the Dearth
Sanitarium at Los Angeles, is registered
at the Grand.
B. M. Lelong, a big shipping merchant
at Sacramento, Is registered at the Occi
dental.
Dr. Itulinson of Los Angeles Is at the
Palace.
J. D. Bradley, a Merced rancher, Is at
the Grand.
Fred Sigel, a prominent Los Angeles
hatter, Is at the Grand.
R. M. Marshall and daughter of Charles
ton, S. C, are g-uests at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
rROM Vermont comes this story: A farmer
offered his farm cf 300 acres for sale for $15,000,
but could find no one who would give him any
thing like that sum. Being hard pressed for money
he determined to sell the pine that was standing on
the place, and when it was put upon the market it
brought over $14,000. As that sum was larger than
any that had been offered for the whole place, the
former was surprised, and the fellows who had re
fused to buy were more surprised still. It was an
illustration that even in Vermont the shrewd men do
not always understand the value of things right under
their eyes. Commenting upon the sale the Boston
Globe says: ''The timber on many a New England
farm would sell for nearly as much as is asked for
the whole place, though the owner is often quite un
conscious of the facr."
Another illustration of the growing value of forests
is furnished in a recently published volume on the for
ests of Great Britain by John Nisbet. In reviewing
the work the London Chronicle says: "The present
area of woodlands in the British Isles is about three
million acres, and even this area is managed very in
differently, so that while the Belgian forests (1,750.000
acres), according to Dr. Nisbet, yield annually nearly
£4.000,000, and ours, if equally well managed, would
yield £7,000,000, they do not probably yield more than
one-fifth of this sum. So insufficient are our woo'd
lands for our wants that the value of the conife-ous
timber imported in 1899 was £21,000,000. Much of
this we could certainly grow on our own waste lands
and thus save our money and also provide a large
amount of healthy country labor. * * * He sup
plies some remarkable figures of the yield in the Earl
of Mansfield's woods at Scone, where the Douglas
fir, now seventy-five years old, is worth £194 an. acre,
besides having already more than paid for the cost
of planting and maintenance by the sale of thinnings.
He also cites the case of a large plantation in the Chil
tern Hills seventy years old that sold for £220 an
acre."
Timber is rapidly becoming a scarce product in the
world and forestry is going to be the grand farming
of the future. If in a country like Belgium a forest
can be made to yield annually an income equal to
about $10 an acre on a large scale, it is fair to assume
that in the United States on smaller and well chosen
areas the profits would be much larger. According
to a recent authority Germany has 10,000,000 acres of
state forests all upon land unfit for other purposes,
and derives from them an annual revenue of $23,000.
cco. That is not so good as the Belgian income, but it
is far and away better than the American method of
burning and wasting forests, and in California, at any
rate, we ought to profit by the lesson.
the' profits of forestry.
The Duke of Abruzzi managed to get nineteen
miles nearer to the north pole than any other ex
plorer, and as he is a royal Duke it is not likely he
will take to the lecture platform, so the world caa
afford to praise him freely without fear of conse
.jtiences.
recently given in San Francisco, wa3 not !
dramatized by Mr. Colgate Baker, but by
the Rev. Freeman Wills, an Knglish
clergyman, brother of the late W. G.
Wills, who adapted "Faust" and "The
Vicar of "Wakeiield" for Sir Henry Irving
Mr. Miller has been pivinp the play for a |
year; before he took It up it had been
played for a year in I<nndon by Mr. Mar
tin Harvey. Now, Mr. Colgate Baker
may, before the year 1S0S, have written
and published (or had acted) a play called
"The Only Way"; if so. he has as much
right to the title as Mr. Wills. If he i
wrote his play after the year 1S0S he
should not have taken Mr. Wills* title. In
any case, the statement that Mr. Baker j
"dramatized 'The Only Way,' the play '
which fascinated (?) San Francisco j
theater-jroers a short time ago," is a lie '
and should be branded as such. Mr.
Baker suffers from such a misstatement
even worse than does Mr. Wills. If the |
fellow who has been making it could be j
caught he should be straightway elevated |
to what Pope has happily called "a nitch i
in the Temple of Infamy."
The Rev. Madison C. Peters is a New
York clergyman of unusual originality
and power. He may not be an authority
upon Patristic Hierarchism and his
views upon that favorite topic of medieval
controversy— "How Many Angels Can
Stand Upon the Point of a Needle"— may
be as hazy as are mine, but he has some
clear, modern ideas upon another topic —
"The Church and the Theater"— and he is
not afraid to express them. Here are a
few of the good sayings from an article
of his in the September Book "World:
"Let us bring the leaven of the gospel
into the amusement lump and teach the
people how to use amusements without
abusing them, and save the church from
her present humiliating attitude as the de
clared enemy of the drama, from attend
ing which ehe has no power to restrain
her members. • • •
"The pulpit's vituperation of the theatri
cal profession is so unchristian ag only a
clergyman, who never paw a pood play,
would ever dream of makincr. The stagi
seldom or never strikes back. The nu
merous scandals of the American clergy
men now serving terms in the various
penitentiaries of the land afford legitimate
material for the stage. • • • Play
wrights and actors are not to blame fot
what we often f?et on the stage. The
Americans like slang and vulgarity. Play
wrights and actors do not live to write
and act: they have the bread-and-butter
human weakness ar.d write and act to
live. They know what the people want,
and they give it to them. The noble sen
timent raises feeble applau.se, but the
word that looks two ways, and the exhibi
tion of doubtful propriety brings all the
feet down ar 1 makes all hands clap.
The theater and opera will never in tone
and tendency be above the life that at
tends them. The demand will control the
supply. In nothing else do Americans
show so much bad taste as in their in
dorsement of plays \and players. • • •
"The church has made a tremendous
mistake in its wholesale denunciation of.
the theater. • • • There b nothing in
the precepts of our religion which makes
us march down the path of life to the
tune of "The TJead ilarch in Saul." • • •
Mendelssohn, by his sublime composition:-,
did bt-ttef serve the world than by going
out as a missionary to China."
Bravo. Dr. Peters! There is a man not
afraid to stand up and look preen-eyed
Prejudice straight in the eye. "\Vere there
more like you, the theaters, o' Sunday
nisht would be emptier and th~e
churches would be fuller.
FOR THE CALL READERS.
London is to have a department store
of the American type. A member ot a
New York firm la to organize it at the
request and under the patronage of Sir
Thomas L'.pton.
There is a well at Carisbrook Castle.
Tsle of Wight. In which the water stands
170 feet below ground lev^l. Yet a pin
dropped into it will be distinctly heard
to strike the water.
Powers, the Kentuckian. convicted of
complicity in the murder of Uoebel, may
be excused if he puts some faith in the
idea that thirteen is an unlucky number.
He was nominated for oiHce June 13, lttr.t;
arraigned July 12. l!'00. as one of thirteen
conspirators named; was defended bv
thirteen lawyers; his sweetheart wa* the
thirteenth witness; the eviiier.ee showed
that 13X) soldiers were ready to defend
him: he gave Culton $13*) to pay tho ex
penses of the mountaineers; he took |l."i»
with him when he fled; the evidence
closed Ausrust 13.
Pearls are bring found in preat quanti
ties in the Black ar.d St. Francois rivrr.;
in Southwest Missouri. A Poplar BlutT
fisherman found the first pern in an ordi
nary mussel which he picked up on a
shral in Black River. He sold the gem to
a St. Loui.« jeweler for ?125 a ml since then
hundreds of people have flocked to the
rivers to engage in pearl tlshins. .Many
valuable grftns have been found. Xearly
all are white, with ttntitiR cf different
hues, and range in size from a grain of
wheat to an ordinary pea.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rt> at TownserieTs •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv th»
Press Clipping Hurean (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Japan has established commercial
schooH for the training of women, and
one of the larpest Japan railroads an
nounces that after a certain date It will
employ only women as clerks.
The movement is one which cannot be carried out
with success by, separate action of the storekeepers,
no matter how willing some of them may be to grant
the reasonable j request of their employes. Early
closing can be attained only by concerted effort. It
is therefore the more important that public sentiment
should favor and encourage the movement to that end.
It is not right that any class of people should have to
spend nearly all of their waking hours in the task of
earning a means of providing themselves with some
thing to eat and a place to sleep. An opportunity for
social enjoyment, for study and for recreation should
be found each day in the life of every man and every
woman.
The conditions under which retail trade is carried
en render it a somewhat difficult problem to limit
the duration of the working day. Stores must be
kept open for the benefit of customers, and the store
keeper must adapt his trade to the convenience of
the customers. It is an old saying, however, that
where there is a will there is a way, and all experience
has attested the truth of it. It is generally conceded
that clerks in retail stores have to serve excessively
long hours, and that some relief should be afforded
them. Any well devised plan for providing that re
lief will have the support of all reflecting people.
Virtually the whole community will unite in support
ing it.
OUT of the movement started by clerks in retail
stores in this city to obtain shorter hours of
labor it is to be hoped immediate good will
come for all concerned. One of the most notable
economic tendencies of the time is toward lessening
the pressure of toil upon all classes of workers. It is
not very long ago when almost all workers were
compelled to spend from twelve to fourteen hours a
day at their work. The improvement of machinery
has rendered it possible to do a given amount of work
in much less time than before, and consequently trade
after trade has succeeded in establishing a system of
work not exceeding ten hours, and in many trades
of only eight hours a day.
CLERKS IN RETAIL STORES.
All voters who believe in maintaining the financial
integrity of the nation should bear in mind that
Bryan has said: "If there is any one who believes
the gold standard is a good thing, or that it must
be maintained, I warn him not to cast his vote for
me. because I promise him it will not be maintained
in this country longer than I am able to get rid of it."'
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 16, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A'.! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Tre** I!O4
I'lIIUCATIUS OPPICB..Mnrket and Third. S. V.
Telephone I'ress 2O1.
tDlTOHIAL ROOMS.... 217 to 221 SteTenaon St.
Telephone I*re*a 202.
Delivered t»r Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
SlMCle Cople*. S Cent*.
Terra* l»j Mail. Inolorllntr Poatagr«t
r»AIT/T CAUL, (lncludlr.it Sunday), one rear J«.OB
I>AILY CALX. (Including Sunday), € months 1.00
DAILY CAI,L (Including Sunday), 1 months 1.5*
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «Vs
FCXDAT CALL. One Tear I.M
weekly call on« Year loo
All postmasters are authorised to receive
snbarrlptiona.
Sample ccplea will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Ilroadiraj
GEORGE C KROGNESS,
Manager Fcre-gn Advertising, Marqueita Building, Chicago.
(Lens Distance Telephone "Central itli.')
Mall rubscri ben> In oroerlnr change cf address sho'ild be
rarv^-ular to r1 ve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
UC — TjliT'i; pt »md correct compliance with their request.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON. Heraid Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
tValdrrf-Aftcrla HoteJ; A. Brentano, tl Union Square
l-'urray Hill HcteL
CHICAGO SEWS STANDS:
Ffcern-.sn House: |». O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
J '<"<-.¦ r.t Hruse; Auditorium Hotel.
that in every Congress many of the delegation were
inexperienced men serving their first terra and having
no knowledge of either the men or the methods by
which Congressional business is carried on. Of the
Republican nominees this year a majority have al
ready served one or more terms in Congress. They
have acquired the experience which fits" them to be of
r?e to their State and their constituents. From the
standpoint of California's welfare, therefore, it would
be good policy even for Democmts to vote for the
Republican nominees and thus assure the State the
advantage of an experienced representation at the
national capital.
Finally it is to be borne in mind that many of the
Republican candidates have not only served in the
House but are now holding places on the most im
portant committees, and some of them are chairmen
of such committees. Consequently they are in posi
tion to materially advance and promote every interest
of the State. It would certainly be foolish to set aside
men who have high positions in the House for the
purpose of sending there men who would have only
the most subordinate places.
The fight for the House is to be waged by the
Bryanites with all their ardor and strength. Repub
licans should meet the onset with a resolute determi
nation to win every district. A' solid delegation from
California may be necessary to give the Republicans
control of the House, and it will certainly be neces
sary to subserve the interests of the State. Let Re
publicans and independents unite to make it solid.
r~\OLITICAL experts of all parties agree that the
k ' chief danger to the Republican party in this
campaign is to be found in the contests of the
Congressional districts. Notwithstanding the loud
claims of the Bryanites and the overconfidence of a
good many Republicans, it is recognized that Mc-
Kinley's re-election is as certain as any future event
subject to human action can be. The decrease in the
Republican vote in Vermont and Maine was due
solely to the fact that Republicans knew the victory
was theirs, and many of them therefore did not take
the trouble to go to the polls. With the advancement
of the campaign Republican ardor will be aroused
and there will be no falling oft from the vote that gave
McKinley all the hotly contested States in 1896. That
much is sure, but there is no surety of a Republican
majority in the House of Representatives.
Such being the case, the attention of the Repub
licans and the independent voters of California
should be turned at once to the campaign in the Con
gressional districts. California should send a solid
Republican delegation to Congress. Not a single ad
vocate of free silver ;-.r.d free trade and the "policy
of scuttle" in foreign affairs should be permitted to
go to Congress to misrepresent the sentiment of the
people and the interests of the State.
Since McKinley is sure to be re-elected it is of
high importance to place the House of Representa
tives under the control of the party that will support
his administration and enable him to carry out the
construction of the Nicaragua canal, the upbuilding
of 'our merchant marine, the regulation of trusts and
ether far-reaching policies which can be effected only
through legislation. If the Government be divided
against itself, there will be two years of party wrang
ling over great issues and hardly anything will be ac
complished. The public good demands that the
House of Representatives should be Republican. It
is therefore the duty as well as the interest of every
independent voter to act with the Republicans in the
Congressional districts to the end that the delegation
from this State may be solid for sound money and
protection.
Such arguments apply with equal force in every
Congressional district in the United States, but there
are certain conditions peculiar to this State which
render the election of Republican Congressmen of
exceptional advantage to us. It is well known that
California's interests at Washington have suffered
from the lack of experienced men to uphold them.
\Vhi!e the Eastern and the Southern States have kept
able men in the House term after term, so that they
might acquire influence and prestige there, Califor
nia in the past has changed her Congressmen so often
ThE FIGHT FOR THE HOUSE.
"Mr. Colgate Baker is a writer of ac
knowledged ability. It was he who dram
atized 'The Only Way,' the play which
fascinated San Francisco theater-goers a
short time ago."
It is time that somebody nailed this lie,
which from the form in which it has sev
eral times appeared seems to emanate
from some Grub-street syndicate writer
in New York. The intention is evidently
to boom Mr. Baker. If that young gen
tleman has a proper and modest estimate
of his own abilities — and I believe he has
—he cannot do better than hasten to de
liver himself from his friends.
The play known as "The Only Way,"
' appointed director— that is, in 1869—
he published a hook of essays entitled
"Modern Life In the Drama," and in the
preface to that book laid down what he
considerod essential to the progress of the
stage. "The drama will be saved," he
wrote, "and will hare its due influence
on morals when authors, courageously
following a single path, despairing not
even after a check, shall impose upon
themselves the task of placing upon the
stage modern life with all its complica
tions, all its wants, all its sufferings." In
saying that it is especially modern life
in the drama that I have sought to study
I shall have characterized the criticism
that I have carefully attempted here.
Modern life! That is, this confused pe
riod wherein we wear ourselves out, this
stormy time, this night cut by lightning
strokes, these cares, these fears, these
hopes followed by exhaustion, these burn
ing or bleeding problems, cruelly compli
cated just as we think them solved, and
this melancholy of our day, this anaemia
and this neurosis, the two maladies of
the age— in a word, all this excess which
will mark with bizarrerle the transitional
period through which, protesting, we shall
have passed.
One might characterize these times, in
deed, in the burning phrase of Lamme
nais: "Those who saw them have related
that sadness was in their heart; anguish
rent their breast and, as if weary of the
toil of living, they wept."
It is these tears and this anguish that
I would see studied by our dramatic au
thors, and the day when a man of con
viction and of talent shall boldly paint,
without forethought of immediate suc
cess, of loud bravos or of pain, life, mod
ern life — that man, studying and drama
tizing social questions, living evils, act
ual griefs, will be truly a great man sim
ply because he will be true. His dramas,
instead of passing away like an Irides
cence of springtime whose color a sun
beam destroys, will stand, will endure,
will show to times to come what we have
loved, what we have longed for and what
we have suffered. "
When this was written M. Claretie could
hardly have dreamed that he would one
day be in a position to employ the re
sources of the first theater In the world
to stage the work of just such a writer
as he hoped for. Yet on the 17th of Jan
uary, 1&S7, he had the felicity of produc
ing Dumas' masterpiece, "Francillon," 'a
thoroughly modern play if ever there was
one, with Laroche. Febre, Bartet and
Relchemberg in the east. That was glory
enough for one administration had he ac
complished nothing else. For well has
Dumas himself said (Notes Sur Denlse):
"When civilization shall make up its ac
count, who knows but we shall perceive
that these amusers of multitudes— these
amusers who can make known to us Cor
neille, Racine, Mollere, Beaumarchais,
Hugo, De Musset and others— have done
more for civilization than all the politi
cians who pretend to lead the world?"
THE Comedie Francalse has suffered
a severe loss in tho resignation of
Its director general, M. Jules Clare
tie, who has successfully shaped the
policy of that institution for fifteen
years. Sixteen years before he was
As The Call was the first newspaper in the world to
apply wireless telegraphy to the uses of journalism, it
naturally takes a keen interest in the development of
the system, but the invention has now reached a de
gree of excellence that makes every further improve
ment in it a matter cf world-wide importance. It is
an old saying that nothing is invented and perfected
at the same time. When the work and the study of
many minds have brought something like perfection
to Marconi's invention it may prove so efficacious as
to enable us to do away with wires for telegraphic
purposes altogether.
sixty-five miles by official test, and the inventor; chal
lenges a trial for eighty-six miles. Surely with such
a record of advancement he has reason at least for
believing that within a few years more he will be able
to double that distance.
THE SAIST FKAXCISCO .CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. li>OO.
JULES CLARETIE
Director General Comedle Francalsa.
By Courtesy of Tauzy, Bookseller.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS. !
26
CONCERNING M. JULES CLARETIE
AND OTHERS
By 4- &u Pont Syle.
AUCTION SALES.
Ocria^r.tal H..r>~e Exchange— Tuesday Evening. September IS.
M T:SO o"ci..<-k. Horao*. at Tl'l Howard street.
By S. Watk:ns — Tuesday. Ser-tember IS. at II o'clock.
Horses, at US Market street.
Alh»!Ebra— "Ship Ahoy."
< '-ihtura — Vaudeville.
Grani Of-pra-houte — "Quo Vadls."
Tivoli— "t'avallprla Rus-Tlcaua" ar.d "I Pagliaccl."
Alcazar— -'The Girl I Left Behind lie."
<v,iur~V,ia— •"The New Dominion."
California. — Grand Or>era, Sunday nipht. September 23.
< lymi a, corner Mason and Eddy street*— fjxiciaKtes.
""?:utes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon anl
•wenlas.
F:s<ch*r - B— Vaudeville.
"rlop Cntmni J'ark— Courflnt to-day,
fan Mateo Curslns Park— Coursing.
:•' r."t.. 1 Park— EawbalL
BJ«rBlJUI-Clay H.i'.l-Sor.g Herital. ThursJ.iv ever.inir P<»n-
ten:hfr :* " '
Sherman-Clay Hall — Concert Friday evening. September 21.
e«tro Datfca '>;.en nights.
Tanforan Park— The Great Fair. September U to October 6
AMUSEMENTS.
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND 1N.PECT OUR PRICES
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Op«n Erenlnrs. Near Pow»ltMISS ROSE RELJDA.
A Soldier Burglar.
Harry L. Johnson, a private in the First
Infantry, was held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Cabanlss yester
day on a charge of burglary, in $20oO
bonds. During a fire in Chew Woo's store
at 605 Jackson street Johnson stole a num
ber of articles.
Was Mrs. Le Blanche CoercedP
Judge Conlan Is making an investigation
as to what led Mrs. Kitty Le Blanche to
leave the city ar.d go to Seattle so that
she would not testify in the case of P. j.
Curtin, the private detective charged
with being an accessory to the attempt
by her husband to murder her. Thero
is a suspicion that she was coerced not
to testify, and if the person or persons
who made her disobey the subpena of
the court can be discovered they will be
punished for conter.-pt. Every effort will
be made to get her to return to the city.
S. Zwaal, proprietor of an awning and
tent factory, who swallowed a dose of car
boliq acid on Friday night because his
wife had left him. died at the Receiving
Hospital yesterday. The body was taken
to the Morgue. ii was the fourth time
he had tried to end his life.
Succumbs to Poison.
The Peterson Robbery-
The cases of Joseph Dean and Magpie
O'Dea, charged with grand larceny for
stealing a watch and chain and W6 from
C. A. Peterson, 1S3 Sacramento street.
August 31, were called before Judge Fritz
yeserday. The Judge decided there was
no evidence against Dean and dismissed
the case. The evidence was not very
Strong against Maggie, and as she was
willing to plead guilty to petty larceny
the Judge accepted her plea and sentenced
her to a hundred days in the County Jail.
Brijdd's Church, on Van Xess avenue and j
Broadway. The paper will be edited by
Miss Harriet M. Skedmore (Marie) a lady i
of recognized literary ability. She will be i
assisted by iliss Sarah C. Burnett, busi
ness editor: Mrs. Sophie E. Gardiner '
Mrs. Robert J. Harrison and Mrs. Joseph •
Pescia. Mrs. Skidmore has secured the '
co-operation of some of the most gifted '
pens on the coast in her effort to make I
the Gazette interesting and full of liter- j
ary merit. Writers of stories, poems and 1
descriptive rrose have consented to be :
members of her staff.
St. Brigid's Bazaar Gazette.
St. Brlgid's Gazette will be issued every
evening during the bazaar to be conduct
ed from October 6 to October 20 at the
Mechanice' Pavilion for the benefit of St.
Register! Register!
Registration closes September 26. Pre
cinct registration Saturday. September
15. and Saturday, September 22. Office
open at City Hall from 8:30 a. m. to 10 p.
m. dally. • •.
Fire broke out yesterday afternoon in
C. "Anderson's carriage and wagon fac
tory .it 415 Sixth street. An alarm was
runs in from hox 154, but by the time the
Fire Department reached the scene tho
building, which is a three-story affair,
was enveloped in flames. The fire was
quickly extinguished. It started in the
paint shop. Tho damage amounts to $500.
Fire in a Factory.
Wo place on sale to-morrow 500 pairs
men's Kastern sample shoes, consisting of
vici kid, box calf, French calf, enameled
pat. leather and winter tan, up to date
toes, at the low price of $1 90, worth $3 to
$5 per pair, at the Standard Shoe Co., 102J
Market at. •
Come Along, You Fancy Dressers.
PROTEST AGAINST THE
HEAVY PORT CHARGES
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs Will Bring the Matter
Before the Legislature.
Th<* Federation r<f Mission Improvement
r-1 ¦•»)«= met last night at Silver avenue and
discussed matters of Jocal inu-rest.
attention was oilled to the political
ccxnplexfon of the Hoard of Public Works.
«rd it was tlaim^d that Mayor Phelan
V>ad nriTiointrfl-more mcnVrs of one po
¦ :'irnl faith than the charter provides for.
A committee was appointed to investigate
th<? matter ana roport hacK.
The club decided to test tho legality of
the order of the linani of Supervisors
subdividing the city into pound districts,
and a committee was appointed to take
the necessary action to have the matter
decided by the courts.
A protf-st against the granting of per
mits for Gray Bros.' rock-crusher to work
furtht-r at Douglass and Diamond strr-ots
was ordered filed with the Board of Su
pervisors.
Chairman Llllle was instructed to com
municate with the Hoard of Trade, the
Chamber of Commerce and Merchants?
Association on the subject of the exor
bitant port charges against shipping. Tho
club intends to bring the matter before
the Legislature if it can get the co-opera
tion nf these bodies.
VETERANS WILL MEET
TO HONOR THEIR DEAD
Garfield Post of the Grand Array Pre
pares for Its Annual Memorial
Service.
Next Tuesday evening James A. Gar
field Post No. 34, G. A. R., will hold its
annual memorial service in the social hall
of the Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell
street, to which all comrades of the Grand
Army, meml/crs of the Woman's Relief
Corps, thp Ladies of the Grand Army, Sons
of Veterans, comrades of Colonel Oscar
V. Long Garrison, Regular Army and
Navy Union, their families and friends
and the public generally are invited
Unusual preparations have been made
to make the event a reverential and patri
otic object lesson. Since its last similar
service a year ago Garfield Post has lost
by death fourteen of its members, and the
coming occasion will be not only a service
in honor of departed comrades, but will
also commemorate the nineteenth anni
versary of the death of the martyred
President after whom the post is named.
S. M. fahortridge will be the orator of
the evening. The Knickerbocker Male
Quartet will sing "Lead, Kindly Light"-
Professor »onclli\s San Francisco Con
servatory Mandolin Club of llfteen instru
ments will rendor "Ave Maria" (Gounod)
and tho intermezzo from "Cavallerla Rus
ticana" (Ma.«cagni). Henry Lar.sen th<»
violinist, will play "Derceuse," by *God
dard. accompanied by William Cellarlus
the pianist. Hon. Thomas C. Maher wili
recite "The Old Man's Return From
Town," and Mrs W. C. Graves will sing
the solo, "Whisper and I Shall Hear"
(Peccollonini), with violin obligato and
piano accompaniment.
The hall will be beautifully adorned
with palms, ferns and llowers and dec
orated with the national colors.
Current Events in
The Musical World
<=jj=3HE modesty of Justice of the Peace Dunn was put to a. severe test
I yesterday when Mrs. Alice Mason, a fair defendant In a suit which
j! was on trial before him, volunteered to don a silk waist which Ehe
claimed did not fit her at all, and for the payment for which she had
been sued by M. Lowenthal, a ladles' tailor. Lowenthal brought the
suit against Charles Mason, the plaintiff's husband, and insisted on the pay
ment of $55, the value of the waist and a dress that went with it.
To Mrs. Mason's claim that the waist was a wretched fit, Lowenthal de
posed that after her measurement had been taken Mrs. Mason went on a
pleasure trip to some Eastern cities and that on her return she was sensibly
increased in weight. He attributed her stouter proportions to high liv
ing, and while he acknowledged that the waist might be a little tight, the
defect, he said, could be remedied.
It was then that Mrs. Mason made her offer to give ocular proof of her
contention that the waist did not fit.
"I am willing to put the waist on, bo you can see for yourself," she
tearfully said to Justice Dunn. The latter, who prides himself on his knowl
edge of feminine adornments, rapped for order as he blushlngly, though with
determination, said:
"That will be entirely unnecessary, madam," and the lady replied as a
light dawned upon her:
"Oh, I did not mean that I would put it on here, Judge, but I will come
attired in it if you postpone the case until to-morrow."
. Justice Dunn, however, ungallantly decided against the lady and gave
Judgment for the lady's tailor In the sum asked for. The case was then com
promised, Lowenthal agreeing to make the necessary enlargements in the
waist and Mrs. Mason to accept and pay for it on that condition.
• . • • •
The regular monthly musical service
will bo held at St. Dominic's Church, cor
ner of Bush nnd Steiner streets, on Sun
day evening, September 16. at 7:30 o'clock.
The choir will sing Rossini's "Stabat
Mater." Tho soloists will be Miss Lily
Roedcr. soprano; Miss 13. V. McCloskey,
contralto; J. F. Veaco. tenor; Slgnor G.
S. Wanrell, bass; organist, and director,
Franklin Palmer. B. FLAT.
°" ° • • •
Thero is good word from New .York of
Miss Evelyn Henry, soprano, who has
been studying there for the past two years
with Theodor Byorksten. She created a
favorable Impression on New York audi
ences at the close of last season and has
recently "made a very successful appear
ance at a concert under the distinguished
patronage of Walter Damrosch, Tremont
Smith and others.
Hilda Newman, another Californian girl,
was at the piano.
A recent death at the Napa Asylum re
calls a sad ending of what promised to he
a brilliant career. On September 1 Eu
gene O'Connell. one of a large family of
musicians resident in Oakland, passed
away to his long rest. Those who remem
ber his brilliant debut concert at Hamil
ton Hall in Oakland after the young vio
linist's return from a long European
study will read with regret of his 4 sad
fate. Mr. O'Connell was -33 years old. and
his sad end was the result of overstudy
of his favorite instrument.
* * *
The MInetti String Quartet announces
its fifth season of chamber music con
certs, to begin at. Sherman & Clay's Hall
on October 5-i The first programme will
include a new Russian quartet, of Ippo
lltoff Iwanow, to be given for the first
time hero, and the Schubert C major
string quintet.
* • •
Miss Marion L. Boar' announces an in
vitational piano recital for Monday even
ing next, to be given in Sherman &.
Clay's Hall. A piano recital is also an
nounced Jor the following evening at the
same place by Miss Grace Barker Mar
shall, pupil "f Miss Elizabeth Westgate,
assisted by Bert Georges, Samuel Savan
nah, Arthur Fickenscher and Miss Estelle
Brun.
. * • • ¦
Another interesting programme Is
promised by Miss Anna Miller Wood for
Thursday evening at Sherman & Clay's
Hall. This favorite contralto is well
known and much admired among San
Francisco audif-nces, and her first public
appearance for some time here will doubt
lrss be warmly welcomed among the mu
sicians.
• • *
The long-lost Azzali grand opera com
pany has at last been found and is now
in Mexico. It seems that their vessel was
detained by the storm which destroyed
ill-fated Galveston and serious fears were
entertained for their safety. •
The season will open at the California
Theater on Sunday evening, September 23,
and the sale of seats opens Thursday
morning at 9 o'clock. There will be four
operas given during the iirst week, all old
favorites— "Othello," "Carmen." "Aida"
and "Traviata"— and "Othello" has been
chosen to open the season. With Salassa's
masterly Iago still fresh in the memory,
musicians and actors alike are vastly
curious to hear the singer chosen for the
part in the Azzali company, and many
arc the prophetic comparisons made. Hut
the proof of the pudding is in the eating,
and we shall see what we shall see.
The solitary symphony concert above
referred to is a subscription affair and
will be given at the Tlyoli Opera-house
on Thursday afternoon, October 25, if the
necessary number of subscribers are
Ilnancially heard from. The concert will
be under the direction of Max Hirschfeld
and the orchestra will include sixty mu
sicians. Hector Berlioz's rarely heard
"Episode in the Life of an Artist." and
the "Kaiser March" of Wagner, will be
given among other things, and as this
may be the only symphony heard here
this season there should be no diiflculty
in the matter of subscriptions.
• • •
Among the week's concerts perhaps the
most interesting will be that of Miss Rose
itelda (Adler), which will be given in
Sherman & Clay's Hall on Friday even
ing. Miss Rclda is a California girl, -who
comes home, with a Parisian reputation
acquired in a season's successful appear
ances at the Opera Comique in the part
of Lakme. She is a pupil of Mme. Co
lonne, wife of the director of the Colonne
concerts, and while in San Kranciscu
studied with Miss Marie Withrow.
Miss Rclda is visiting her people at the
present time and will leave here for New
Vork early In October for a season ¦with
the Savage-Grau forces at the Metropoli
tan Opera-house. She is billed to appear
there in "Migncn," "La Uoheme," "Ro
meo and Juliet," "Lakme" and as Mi
chaela in "Carmen." Her programme on
Friday evenine will include the "Bell
Song" (Lakme), "The Shadow Dance"
from "Dinorah," and "Le Cygne" (the
dying swan), a song of Lecocq's, which,
to secure the effect, is sung behind the
.scones. Miss Relda will be assisted by
Arthur Weiss and Miss Genevieve Alay
Moroncy.
Naturally enough, these conditions seem
to have roused the native musician to
•wider effort, but seldom, indeed, has the
evidence of a local musical activity been
more conspicuous than at the present
time. Song recitals, piano recitals, violin
recitals, chamber music concerts galore
are announced far into the winter months,
but nothing definite has yet been done in
the matter of symphony concerts with the
exception of a single tentative effort in
that direction at the Tivoli. It is to be
deeply regretted that the wide interest
aroused in this the highest form of mu
sical entertainment should be allowed to
die out. San Francisco has amply proved
during a number of intermittent attempts
at establishing a symphony society her
perfect willingness to support such, given
a worthy conductor and reasonable prices
of admission. It is also understood that
the financial backing of Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst and other public-minded citizens
is still to be counted upon, and the lack
seems to be a strong committee of man
agement to handle the affair. It is early
yet to judge, though, and amply early to
hope for iurther developments.
*7\ JfUSIC is again in high season:
/A l\ the echo of the winter's melody
I V^ I lb again upon the ear, and to
V, * I judge by Its promise and
J^ prophecy we shall not lack the
merry madrigal nor yet the dance of vio
lins for inany months to come. It is true,
indeed, that the musical great ones of the
earth seem so far to have passed us by,
with tho eminently satisfactory excep
tions of the Grau contingent, in grand
opera, and the Graff forces, with Mme.
Serabrlch, but in the purely musical world
the season is notably empty. So far not
one great instrumentalist Is booked to
appear, and but few vocalists, among
them, however, the Henschels and Mile.
Dolores iTrebelli).
WANTED TO EXHIBIT
THE WAIST IN COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
27
German . *^ *~7-* Cashmere
Eiderdown, z/* Flannelette.
An elegant as- jTf %i7% J<*&^ 34 Inches wid<\
1^ 6^,^ °^; i^^ff & (7j1 thsff Persian effects.
de S signs P 'f h i s W this week
l¥c Yard. I6Ic Yard,
California Wool Blankets.
Ope case of extra heavy fine White Wool Blankets for double beds.
»*°" d close weave for family use. The best In the market at the price.
$4,00 per Pair
Sateen Covered Comforters.
9 dozen full size finest quality of Pure White Cotton Filling. Hand-
f. 0 .™ Patterrjs of dark and medium colors. FOR A LEADER THI3
\» h. L-iv OJs L> x
$1.50 Each
Pillow Slips
28 dozen extra heavy Pillow Slips. 43x36 Inches, made of a close,
fine undressed muslin, with 2-inch hem. ON SALE THIS WEEK.
10c Each
Double Bed Sheets.
?v Or i e L ot bleached double Bed Sh«?ts. Slx90 inches, that heavy round
thread that pives perfect satisfaction In wear. I'sed so much now for
family use. THIS LOT "WILL BE SOLD THIS WEEK AT
60c Each
Dinner Napkins.
About 23 dozen large size Dinner Napkins, bleached, made of fin©
Irish linen; a good assortment of patterns. FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
$1.00 Dozen
Table Linen
A choice assortment of Belfast Table Unen fn bleached and un-
bleached, 60 Inches wide, made of the pure flax. There is no better to be
had at the price,
50c per Yard
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
Goods Delivered Free In This and Neighboring Cities.
GOODS ON SALE AT MARKET-STREET STORE
ONLY.
KQHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
BIG FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING, > ca ®
Block: Sixteenth St.. from Mission to Capp.
Prices arc always lower here than anywhere else— the variety larger— the furnitura better.
It »e cannot save you money on your purchase we do not expect to do business with you. But
we are satisfying old customers and making new ones by offering advantages which cannot bo
equaled elsewhere. In point of goodness and in point of satisfaction. The system of holding up
leaders-bait— is not practiced here, but all through the store you will find a uniformity of
lowest prices that is the bulwark of this colossal and growing concern. Pattosien's depend on
their customers, consequently our customers can depend on Pattosien's.
I 55 Onlv — HAnd<;nmf» Fivo-Pi<>r<» Partnr large sofa, large east chair, large rocker
i Z.I AA«"iaiUinC riVZ-rlZZQ ranOr OUllS and -n\o LARGE RECEPTION' CHAIRS. The frames are
r.trictome.y carved, hand rubbed and highly polished, of oak or mahogar.y finish. The upholstering is in extra heavy silk tapes- <hezf\
M tr 3". ••-k dair.ask or velvet velours, rich colors and handsome designs — to-morrow - — OOv/
j Carpets, Rugs and Mattings.
i Prices that mean a saving of at least 15 per cent— in many instances
: much n:crc. E^ery advantage is yours here— largest stocks, greatest
vaxiety, reliable goods — and ABSOL-U TKLY TH K LOWEST PRICES. i^Yn
| w n a 6-frarr.e tKHiy Bruesel*. a£l be«t make*, 40c extra eup«r Ingrain carpets, one-half wool O^sf ' $s<£ i
Lowe.!. Er.i WWtt*ll«, w:th or with- I O=T filling, all new fall styles, per yard.... Qfl/- 1 _ . Mfflf!
out borders, ver yaril Ii.O . , OvIC T "J'B* J^erx!!^*
fl 60 RcvaJ AxmJnster, ne plus ultra, and "5c all-wool 2-rly carpets, best quality,, s=j^a^~ i— ¦SiStt
»•¦¦ tr.il- Wilton velvet* In V» and €-4 wiie — choice de6iena an! colors, Inclii.ilr.cr /?/»,-» t^f T '£^r'S- — nr?n — Z-~~%F^i$vi.
<j finest vile carets rr.ade, with or | OA L<owelis Ov/W 'A Zggj&zZ \\^^Jf^ "»W WSa
iwxt bcraers I.^U 00 all-wool 3-ply carpets and Rromley's 'qV^i^^J^IU-IL "}^' J?f '
| Heavy oil c'nze f.r.lsh o'.lcloth. 05 to 6 feet "Agras." best quality wool carpets mail<\ IS 'f ! £?>&& • .~ :>^' 7^^*^9 iyifj
wiije, ivr f;ua:-e yard C%i~\^* ct lhe latest patterns, j yard O /T> ~ \ tPittS-wZ^ f J®
i iUC OLTC ; tjr " T '>VlS^r^'" ; fSLU? \&*
Footch ar.d domestic llnoleum-12 feet wide, ,.V? C 05^' Brussels, 25 new choictflAp ; 5 !r ttga S Jmll f5SSf?5 ''^
new fail rattcnis- per square yard n " J. fai1 » alterns . Per yard OUt 1] P${& r(WJ K^.fA^.
Out J1 ( -"" tapestry Brussels, best Quality, (nclud- \ iP'iAJ VtSj*. i'XiH\ V&3
I Mo^uctte n^-li bale, of M«H,««t. and Ax- Stins^' s - «* "¦« ~'^out bonier 3 Q c jfe^OSt^^uiS
> mtnmvtr rjes at Jets than mill prices. r8Kgrj^-f*gfBv: ¦ - S^-y. f "tjj'^
i i<;x-fi ••'rvi M-in.iP»t» T-i,fr«- n •-.- .i, «i itrwri Wilton rues— Finest a«<ortment of larce sizes *' f'^T^^^bis^^^^"^'*"^ <¦%$»
i l$x:6-ir.ch Moquette rugs, •worth !U5QA r Wilton rugs in the City. £*«*<¦} W
t^V/V 6x9-foct size 91S.OO wc«t .. . — -"^fefl
j si^.:::::::::::::::::::^:JK! Manufacturer's Sample
3 ESxTS-lnch McKjuttte Ruis; wortho f\ t~\ Pmyrna rues — A very comrlete assortment of line of fancy Sideboards, seven styles,
X MOO O«UU n* w 'tyles; eee the savin?. nia( ] e of solid gol.lon oak, all hand-
y t,'i »„. iTwi««»Vf mi. if/mi, n. — ~~ v'xGn, worth SM-7.1 carved, large mirror on top— values
r-. s .:: : Mt . Ax ::r:: Etfr .^ s :.:^! 25.00 K fflLs^:::i^fipfe %o%?™^ c <.? 0 :. IS.00
J|^^^^ Your Choice of 35 Handsome Couches 2^;
¦ f^5" Wg a; 1 FX>lendiiily upholstered with coverlr.grs extra heavy Imported materials, fash- fta^^v X^ la
JB ¦tt*^^^ w^^W «A lonable designs and ni«.ist popuiax colors; are /wi li\
K \p*r£Zj "*^ R>\ .^v"*?*" 5 -*?*^^^. df-eply hand tufted and have extra heavy frinpre hf]i j'M
*¦ f A*\ sfiil?fty&&IP**ltKS*'^ BiI around; couches that are or- 1 A ffr/\ /ficl :i\\
> If) '^ /^'^SS^^tVjr^' dinarlly worth H3 CO and |15 O't.... 1U.OU fv\^ J , A .-^-/'j '\
C? Exquisite Fancy Rccoco Couches. ' v
J in 2"«SS SSS.^-gSSi^sig. Exquisite
Dresser. 15.00 Dresser.
¦ «> l.t or.ly. wtih square . Ot solid quartered oak,
rxor on tnr>. size TT 1 ¦ g% , • <\l T/^TJ Bpacioue drawer?, hand-
\™ Dining . i-dbs uundiu oaie. { F S[ . «^s
row..... lO.OO p BKgtlnifr0rrri«e»cdawit«erl»na. " " X Onl >' I^ieOU
e ! ia IvOOm. Fine Brussels Ourtains. E0 inches L-CatcCr-
. , f ' /^"L ' wide. 3 T K varda lonK. usually /^.OU — , tT •
. »"Tp^J ¦old«ta00: i now.perp«Jr.. O — ea t IW^fSSi?^/
k*Si>SB^^I x v, Drupels Curtains, worth $10 00 per -^, f \W&W&ii%$i3tL
¦p^Zw.'SLMd S ou^ e a rair - vvi!1 rlose out lhe last 7 1)O Rockers Wtt&ti&&£&3t
! I |{*r'^J» hand-made few pairs left at C i-VUCfi.UJ>. l^^V^^^**'!
' ' * trame of' Choice Clunv Curtains, per tf-Sii — closed out II S [mJ Ij
i[\\ BoUd oak. P&ir -^ at 75c on the tt illilll §
3 <\ M ! y baCk< P«tty Ruffled Curtains. | TO 8 '}) ggl fl
d '* | ,-^'ed. per pair I with hi^h ti ( ggj IS
«rUJlt>r»ce Footch Net and Nottingham fMr- J^rv^'sflM ,— ~^^SSA\ \ M flfl' CS»
J f:fe2=E2SE f:;?.Vr ar " tain.. frpaflJSO per pair to f5J5O. ™ vc a-solid P^Tll H j Jjf W
i ttro-iff ard nuny rurtains . ma(1e "" » ie avy splendid llnifh. 1>M II 1 SSf (fef
«»•'" n-t. linen insertion and edite. 50 extra high arms V'^\ \l 1' til KJ
Jf^worth Mag5|?| I! H I %M
•3 II ,t*h ,|i marrow Irish Point, fine desisns, plain cen- r 'l^^\ v W&^?~?~&lkH£* *
a. vf\\ ~ '^"""b^T o:l!y *'"". r 5 '*" borders pnd detached fipr- lo-mor.c.w onij gJfyy&t^U* .i'^riK . l \S&2L
"J &| j! V* ft CktZr* ur««l oontpr. at *."I.2."J. $4.<K». JJ55.OO, 1 <7 CZ np^BO^rgitrntSariTES\i
J r'J j.frTi-1 . — i^T i t/Ott jf5..1U. 5"O.«M» and up. 1«<O ti 3 /& |i H Jj
I | s i;^ == P1i | — I y^^^M
W\ I I s T c h^o?°B n o e o y K: Our New Fall Catalogue E^ R f e o g r d , y ,- j j^P |^, |f
Hitchcock School,
SAN WAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUftG MEN AND BOYS.
Eeparat* Kooma. Uymnaslum. Military Drill.
Etc
CHRIBTMAS TERM HEOINS AUGT7BT 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
TRINITY SCH00L. T m
Jt Is desired to correct an erroneous Impres-
sion that Trinity School has been discontinued.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August (.
Only boys of good moral character are taken.
O. S. MEAD. 2233 Central ava.
POLYTECHNIC g8!L N E^ S E S
Has the largest and best equipped departments
In the West. Regular business and shorthand
course. Etudenta may enter at any time. All
graduates In responsible positions. Fre. cata-
logue. Oakland. Cal.
AUTHORS Manuscripts suitable for is-
AU1UUUJ suing: In volume form required
CI.'KVIVJi A bv established house: liberal
OLUnlilU A terms; prompt, straightforward
PIIRI KHFJ? treatment. Address "Books,"
rUOLIJUCa m Heiald Sd at.. New York.
tTTONG F»O CH^V.
Succe»wcr to Dr. I^AI PO TAI.
graduate of Canton Medl^aL
College, after a very Ruccesd-
ful practice of many years In
China, has located In San
Francisco. The surprising an I
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs demonstrate their
potence and fata skill. Tne»t
herbs cure over 400 different
diseases. Including Brichfi
Disease.. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain. Nerve. Cancers. Tumors, Blcod. Mai*
and Female Maladiw. All persona afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are In-
vited to call. Office. 777 Washington st. OfQ<»
hours — 9 a. m. to 12 m.. 1 to 3 p. m. : Sundays.
10 a. m. to i: ra. Accept grateful thanks "or
effecting a cur* of asthma of several years'
•tandlng. A. DAHLEY. Ean Rafael.
K£W WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON ST3.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to i$ week; $8 to S3) month. Fre« baths; hot
and cold water every room: flro grates In every
. room; elevator run* all cleat.
: . j
5 SEND J
t YOUR +
S FRIENDS J
4* ¦*
i The vVy%^i O Souvenir ;|
i *
2 ¦.¦¦¦»
* OF THE *
I Native Sons' Celebration, j
* •/• >
•¥¦ .^ 1 t >
-* • ¦'¦->
"¥ J : , >
* 36 pages beautiful half-tone engravings, .: j
t printed on the finest paper. Handsome cover &>
+ in colors and go'd. All the striking features
? of the great fete. ]
¦* < . ¦ ¦ >
* . 1 ;
* — " -•:,
* <¦':
| ....ILLUSTRATED.... j
Now on sale at all book stands, 25 cents. I
"* L' w' j'iL: w w w » J C J w w wr'w w J w w w w m"m m'mmm HMXXXJt KMMXK >OU<.JItJtXJgJtUfcXJfe.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f silver-plated
ware,
To appreciate fully the beauties, gen-
eral utility and extremely low prices of silver-
ware you must see our varied and extensive
stock this week. We call attention to some
articles in daily use.
SILVER-PLATED SUGAR BOWL,! BERRY DISH, quadruple sllver-
wlth 1 dozen teaspoons $2.00! plated frame and satin finish glass
Triple silver-plated satin finish v *^^|2
fancy patterns. ; piCKLE CASTER $1.25
TEASPOONS, doz $1.50 SILVER-PLATED CRUMB TRAT
TABLESPOONS, doz 53.00 and SCRAPER $1.73
DESSERT SPOONS, doz $2.50 SILVER - PLATED BUTTER
MEDIUM FORKS, doz $3.00 DISHES, plain and enjr $1.50
DESSERT FORKS, doz $2.50 ROGERS BROS.' 1S47 TJIREE-
SUGAR SPOONS and BUTTER: PIECE CHILD'S SETS JLOO
KNIVES, each 25c NUT CRACKERS, silver plated. 25c
SILVER-PLATED SALTS and SILVER PLATED CHILD'S CUPS.
PEPPERS, pair 25c! nicely en«r 25c
» • _ L
v_j * Ljr^
&18-820 Market St., San Francisco.
Orders of $5.00 and over sent free to «ny railroad station.
I Creme |
rj$-_ Known lor nearly half a con- p^
[pCi tury as absolu e'y peerless. £O
|ct it creates a @y
'!«£ PERFECT COMPLEXION. ?$
!%1 anc^ incites e s ' K ' n w ' tfi Kjy
i$s the h:althy look of eariy fyb
fiS Removes tan, sunburn, q
'ffid pimples, etc., and leaves
*|O the skin soft and velvely. >j£
rJrS Folii by all druggists arvl "iLJr
aTJi Rpnnral iipalcrs. If you can- r-'CTj
43J_ not obtain it send us* C,(\c for *£HL
ifcfel lame bottle or 10c for trial ViT
K" E. 3. nAHBINGTO* 4 CO.. fe&*
Hm|C M'frs, Los Angeles, Ca'. <r*Q
A Famous Cosmetic gH?ccivcd Stolen Goods.
B. Clfiv.*fleld. a second-hand dealer, who
purchased a quantity of carpenters' tools
stolen from Harry Hastings from a build-
Frank Loppz, recently found • frullty on
a charge of assault to murder, was sen
tonceu to ton ycar>* imprisonment at San
Quentin by Judge I>awlor yesterday. The
convict v.-as only recently released from
San Qurntin, where he served a term for
burglary.
Frank liopez Sentenced.
Chaplain Rev. John Bennett Anderson,
known as the British Singinp riljrrim. will
conduct evangelistic meetings in the Rich
mond Confjresratlonal Church, corner
Seventh avenue and Clement street, this
evening.
Evangelistic Services.
Vicl kid. box calf, kangaroo and tan
shoos, worth none less than $3 50. will be
sold to-m^rrcw for«$l 6o a pair at the As
sifcnee Sale of shoes, 775 Market street,
near Fourth. •
A Special for Men.
CALL.USTRO WINDOW AN'D MIUHOH
POL.ISHKKS— They do the work quickly and do
it well. They cluan the glass and Riv" it bril
liance. They are lasting, -jonvantenr and pco
nomical. Avail your^elv«»s of a good thinj,-. .Auk
for them at the Kmporlum. •
injr at Turk and Polk streets, had the
charge reduced by Judge Cabanisa yester
day to failing to make an entry in his
book.s, and he was fined $20. An attorney
representing the Carpenters' Union was In
court and consented to the charge being
reduced.
a decrease of 750 lor.s of coke. The total
value of coal produced in the province
during 1S90 was $3,018,972.
THE Grand Er.cajnpment of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellow's -will
meet in forty-sixth annual'communi
cation at Redding, Shasta County,
fcr four days commencing: October IS.
During the encampment there will be
special sessions of the Grand Lodge, rep
resenting S^G lodges ¦with a membership
of 00,772; of the Bebekah Asycnibly, repre
senting 223 lodges xvi:h a membership of
36.472. and of the Patriarchs Militant,
having IS cantons with a membership of
Col chevaliers. The Er.carr.pment branch
has a membership cf 5?,<"j3.
The citizens of Redding have devoted a
treat deo.1 of attention to making arrange
ments for the reception and entertainment
cf the visitors, in addition to what the
Odd Fellows of Shasta Count}' have done.
I Friday. October 13 — 5:50 a. m., reception com
mittee me?ts train from the eouth. K a. m..
Grand Encampment closing session Armory
Hall. 10:20 a. in., reception committee meets
trains from the north and south. 11 a. m.,
pran<1 basket picnic excursion to Keswlck over
the Crntra! Pacific broad-gauge and then to
Iron Mountain over the Mountain Copper Com
pany's narrow-gauge picturesque railroad, re
turning from the mountain in time to visit the
city of Sf>uth Park. 4:40 p. m., reception com
mittee meets train from the south. • 5 p. m.,
excursion train arrives from Iron Mountain
j 7 to S p. m., farewell reception at JLtmory
! Thursday, October 18 — 'r.'Ji a. m., reception
J cornmittf-e and official* band rueet train from
j KoutbJ 3:30 a. m., parade. 2 p. m., at Terry's
) necreatloa Park, competitive drill by cantons
j I'.-itriarchs Militant for the following prizes:
I First prize. Grand Encampment silver trophy,
value J^.'O nn'i flOO cash; 6econd prize, %\M;
! third prize, IIUO. to be followed by fancy driJls
| by Kebofcah Drill Corps nf San Francisco.
i fctnekton and other cltlc3; $150 will be equally
¦ divided between the Hebekah Drill Corps ap
' i-earins In parade and exhibition drill -with not
! lf-ss than twelve file and three officers, pro
\ vided, however, that not more than Vt> shail
j lrf> paid to any one drill corps; should the
¦ weather prevent outdoor drilling above contest
j and exhibition will be given in Armory Hall;
! Immediately after drill the decoration of chlv
; airy wi!! b* publicly conferred on applicants
j <-ntltled thereto at Armory Hall by cantons
j Pa:riarch Militant. 4:43 p. m., reception com
t mitten meets train from the south. 7:30 p. m.,
j dress parade, review and distribution of prizes.
j i:-3 j). m.. grand ball in Armory Hall, music
{ by official baud, during which the prizes will
j be distributed to cantons Patriarchs Militant
| nnd P.i-br-kah Drill Corps. 10:30 p. m., reception
I committee meets train from the north.
V»>o"r.esday, October 17 — 5:ZQ a~ m., reception
committee in<«;t« train arriving from south; 9
a. m.. special session Grand Lodge, Odd Fel
lows' Temple; 10:1.". a_ m.. Grand Kncampment
aeisJwn sit Arrncry Hall; 10:30 a. m., reception
commit u e and official band meet delegates
and visitors arriving on north and south
trains; noon, official band serenades Grand
Ix^lre; 2 p. m.. Grand Knoampment cession. Ar
mory Ball; 4 P. r-.i.. cpen-air concert on errand
* # .*n<i cm railroad reservation, opposite Depot
Hotel, by official band: 4:40 p. m., reception
committee and official band meet delegates and
Visitors arriving frnm the south: 7:30 p. m.. at
Armory Hell, patriarchal and eolden rule de
preea conferred hy Occidental Encampment No.
«2 (•' Facramento and Oriental No 67 of San
Francisco, at Armory Hall; 10:30 p. m.. recep
tion committee meets train from the north.
Tuesday, October 18— 6sS0 a. m., reception
coirimittt-e and official band meet dclegau-s at
depot and escort them to Stni-raJ headquarters;
&:."() a. m.. reception committee and official
band mcc-t at he^dquarterR and escort Brand
encampment and representatives? to Armory
Hail; 1') si. m., grand encampment convenes at
Armory Hail: 10:S'i a. m.. reception committee
and oilicial band meet delegates and visitors ar
riving on north »nd south bound trains and es
cort them to headquarters; noon, official band
s.?rer.ad' > P the newspapers of Redain;;: 2 p. m..
Grand Knrninprwnt Armory Hull; 2 p. tr.., Fpe
c'.al session iiebekah Assembly; 4:10 p. m.. re
rcjitlon committee and ociicial band meet in
coming delegates and visitors at depot; a p. m..
j.uMlc renerUcn t o Grand Kncampment, Grand
lx.dg-f. Kebekah Assembly and all visitors at
Arnicry Ha!l; 10:30 p. m.. reception committee
meet delegates and visitors arriving at depot
trrm the north.
Monday, October 15—4 p. m., executive com
mittee meet at Old Fellows 1 Tempi*-; 4:40 p. m.,
ir.t-et oilicial band and delegates at depot, ar
riving from Boothj and escort them to general
headquarters A»'mory Hall: S to 10:30 p. m.,
urana band concert by Second Repiment Patri
archs Ali'.itai:t liand of twenty suoces, under
The leaderfhiii of Professor Todd; 10:3u to 11:20
p. rn.. <iancmp. . music furnished by official
l>and; Vr.'ij i>. ;m., reception committee m?c:ts
delegates and vtrilors .arriving from the north.
Following Is the programme that has
been arranged for the lime the Grand
Kiicampmr-nt will be in session:
Band— Depot Hotel.
Eub and auxiliary coTnriilte«»G — Same as ex
ecutive committee and grand scribe.
llcbekahs— A. O. U. W. Hall, Market street.
IJall ujid decoration— A. J. Wrlsht, T. B.
Smith, Louis Moore, M. P. Rose.
Excursion and transportation— Louis iloore,
T. U Fir.lth. M. P. Rose.
Parade, prizes and military display — Frank
W. Smith.
Souvenir badges — Fred Mlchaelson, T. B.
Smith, £• P. j- ;l,n;r.n.
Carriages and horses— C. H. Behrnet.
Souvenir book — Frank W. Smith.
Hebtkshs— Mrs. Page Crelghton, Miss Mattle
Poore, Lizzie Etter. Julia Bell, Martha A.
Smith. •
Encampment— All members of Ehasta No. 14.
StilwrUinat':— AH members of the following
lodges cf Shasta Couniv: Jl«?ddinp No. 271.
French (Julcli Xo. 75. Shasta No. ST. MUlville
:<o. ill. Anderson No. 254, Fall River No. 301
and "Welcome No. ICS of Ico.
Kebekahs— AH members of Shasta County
loJees: Mount Shasta No. US. MUlville No. C,
Juanita Xo. 149, Fall River No. 2v3. Woodbine
No. 1W>.
B'jivau of information — J. P. Katon.
Pr»»— Wj S. CriFs, So. 1«; F. M. Swasey,
No. ZJl; A. L. Price, No. Z>i.
Decorations— All residents of the city of Ked
dlns-
Headquarters are located as follow:
General— Lodgeroom in I. O. O. F. Hall.
Grand scilbe — Odd Fellows* Hall. Cutto street.
Kxecutive committee — t^me as grand scribe.
1'atnarchs militant — City Hall In Crcddock
liuJMir.g. oupesite Odd FeS'.rmV Hall.
Th« following: committees have charge
of the coming event:
Executive— President, Frank W. Smith; vice
presidents— Louis Moore, A. J. Wright, S. P.
FMIrr.an; secretaries— T. E. Smith. M. P. Rose.
Matthew Patterson; treasurer. Fred Michael
eon.
Halls and Parks— Lonis Moore, T. B. Smith,
E. P. Fillrran.
Hotels and accommodations— Matthew Pattcr-
Fon, T. B. Smith. A. J. Wright.
Wars arid rm-ane — Louis iloore. Fred Michael-
REV. H. H. WYMAN, superior Of the
Congregation of St. Paul, has been
superseded by Rev. Michael Smith,
C. S. P. The news of this change
will come as a surprise to the congrega
tion of St. Mary's (Paullst) Church and
the Catholic residents of San Francisco.
In discussing the change Father Wyman
said:
"I am happy to say that I believe I am
more responsible for the change than any
one else. For some months past I have
felt that I could do more good among the
people here if I had more time for spirit
ual work. If it will be the will of my su
perior general, I shall be only too happy
to spend the rest of my life in Laboring
for tho salvation of souls in old St. Mary's
Church and such places on the const as I
may lie sent on missions bv my superiors.
"I am certain that Father Smith is bet-
Rev. P. .1. MacCorry, the eloquent
young Paulir.t. who has charmed thou
sands in this State with his masterful
lecture entitled "The Story Beautiful,"
and who is conceded to be one of the
ablest preachers in the order, has joined
the Paulist missionary band in Chicago.
Rev. Michael I'. Smith, who is now in
the city, has been superior of the College
of St. Thomas Aquinas, the Paullst no
vitiate, which is affiliated with the Cath
olic University at Washington, I). C. He
will preach his first sermon at 11 o'clock
this morning.
ter Qualified than myself to hold the of
fice of superior, and 1 have no doubt that
under his able management our work in
this city and coast will receive a new im
petus."
Rev. Father Wyman has been pastor of
St. Mary's Church since the order was
established on the coast. His many
friends will be pleased to learn that he
will be retained here and will devote his
energies to the cause of local Catholics.
The annual report of the Minister of
Mines of British Columbia shows that the
mineral output of the province for the
year 1S99 was $12,308,131. as against $10 -
W6.S61 for 18'JS. an increase of $l,4S6,270 or
13 2-3 per cent. This would have b'een
largely increased but for the shutting
down of several mines, owing to the pas
sage of a law prohibiting miners working
over eight hours und*r drastic penalties
causing a deficit of $310,814 in silver and
lead values alone. The coal mines of the
province during 1899 turned out 1,306,324
tons of coal and 34,251 tons of coke, an ln-
Cttiflo over 1S9S of 170,459 tons of coal and
The. United States Supreme Court has
decided In the case of Black vs. The Elk
horn Mining Company that "the interest
in a mining claim prior to the payment of
any money for the granting of a patent
to tho land is nothing more than a right
to th*> exclusive possession of the land
based upon conditions subsequent, a fail
ure to fulfill which forfeits the locator's
interest in the claim." The language of
tb° decision is in part as follows:
The Sorrento Coal Mining Company is
developing a ledge of graphite in Sonoma
County, south of Petaluma. The shaft
has been put down about 100 feet and a
well developed ledge is reported.
The quartz ledge in Black Canyon
Placer County, has been bonded to San
Francisco men, who will develop the
property. Many claims in the mountains
have been compelled to suspend, owing to
the scarcity of water. Preparations are
under way for resuming work on the Tad
pole Consolidated mine. The Pioneer
mine is about ready to start up. San
Francisco men have been looking into th P .
prospects of the Harney Consolidated
mine. An electric plant is being put up in
El Dorado Canyon for tho Turkey Hill
mine.
Mining machinery has been arriving at
Place-rville for the Mount Pleasant min»
and also the rails for the Mount Hope
and Kimball gravel mines.
Several strikes are reported as having
been made in the placer mines near Bar
ptow. San Hernardino County. The forces
of employes have been doubled on some
of the claims.
According to the Yreka Journal the
dredger at llawkrnsville, in Yreka Creek
has been strengthened, but has had a
number of breakdowns. Several new
ledges have been located in tho Fool's
Paradise district.
In Amador County work is progressing
New hoisting machinery is being placed in
the South Eureka mine. Work at the
South Spring Hill mine is steadily going
on. The Kennedy mine at/Jackson will
be reinforced with more powerful hoisting
machinery. AV'ork will soon begin at the
Imperial mine on King's ranch, one mile
east of Sutler Creek.
The Calaveras County papers report
that Campo Seco is in the midst of a cop
per boom.
The Minors' Union has elected the fol
lowing officers at Grass Valley; Presi
dent. EJ G. Swift; vice presidents John G.
Terrill; financial secretary, M. M. Mitch
ell; recording secretary, Richard Gluyas;
trustees — Frank Williams and Joseph
Constantino.
The application for a patent for many
thousands of acres of land in Shasta, Sis
klyou and Trinity counties, which has
been made by the Southern Pacific peo
ple, has aroused the miners in those lo
calities. The Redding Searchlight says
that the miner? must, within sixty days
from August 10. prove their claims on
the lards in quc-Ftion or lose their rights.
Land Commissioner Hermann has im
posed rules which involve great hardship
in making proof. Th?se provide that the
affidavit of contest must be supported by
the affidavit of one or more witnesses;
that evidence cf the location of mining
claim and title thereto must accompany
tho protest; that it must bo set forth
what portion of the protested tract is
covered by the claim. The protest should
be supported by all tho evidence of which
the cape js capable, as good faith in the
protection of the interests of the claimant
must be shown. The third provision, that
one relating to furnishing a survey of the
lines of the claims, is the one must com
plained of by the miners.
The operations on the Colorado River
promise to be more extensive than was
originally reported. The Advance Go'il
dredging Company has completed its big
dredge, which is at Yurca, and will soon
be taken to the Potholes, where it will
operate. Prospectors are running drills
at the Potholes with results which they
have reported to be satisfactory. Arkan
sas capitalists are reported to have serur
ed an option upon 500 acres of placer
ground in the La guna section, owned by the
Yuma-Color&do Gold-dredging Company,
and have thirty days in which to examine
The bond is $20,000. The syndicate pro
poses to put a large dredger on the ground
if the prospecting shall prove to be satis
factory. Late in the fall an expedition
will leave Yuma to search for the "Lost
Frenchman" mine.
"For some time at least, but little min
ing machinery will be required, as much
ore can be collected from the rich surface
outcroppings and the larjreriron bodies uro
practically quarries, until the output h;is
reached 100,000 tons. It is probable that
these latter will require treatment on the
ground; the cleaner bomite ores can be
hand-sorted up to SO per cent and shipped,
but the remainder will require dressing up
to a fair grade to counterbalance the high
cost of suitable fuel. The season of - 1900
will probably decide most of the points at
issue."
A writer in the Eiigineerinjr and Mining
Journal, reviewing the "Wnit'e Horse cop
per belt in Alaska, Bays that two distinc
tive classes of ore are present. There are
large masses of specular or magnetic iron
carrying a moderate amount of copper;
also outcroppings of much smaller dimen
sions in which the ore is essentially bor
nite or with occasional patches of chal
copryte and green copper carbonates >:n
the condition of sand, or disintegrated
granular limestone tstained with copper.
Azurite is rare; chnlcocite and black oxitle
occur sparingly; bur native copper seems
to be absent, as well as the red oxkl<?.
The typical ore is bomite. Continuing, he
says:
Most of the copper mines of the Morenci
district represent what were originally
wildcat undertakings. The present hold-
Ings of the Detroit Company were located
by "wildcatters." When the properties
Eeemed to have value they were taken in
band by a Scotch company. This was
about lourtoen years ago. The mines
were operated at a loss until five years
ago. Something like MW tons of ore are
handled daily now. The Media Company
has in view the putting in of a smelter
on the San Francisco River.
Th« search Tor new copper districts con
stitutes one of the signs of the times In
the mining industry. Sanguine predic
tions are continually made concerning: the
future of one or another district. Th« in
creasing demand for copper to be used
in the application of electricity in multi
farious ways is making prospecting for
copper ores more and more necessary.
Shasta County. In this State, has made
large development of Its copper resources
In the last two years and other extensions
are projected. Other sections of the State
also have expectation of winning- large
returns from the red metal. In the mean
time the copper mines of Arizona are ex
ploiting their properties abroad. An East
em publication issued in Denver says that
the output of Arizona copper, amounting'
last year to $20,000,000 In value, will be
notably increased in the near future. The
plants of the Arizona Copper Company
and the Detroit Copper Mining Company
of Clifton and Morenci will be extended.
Is'eg-otiations are progressing to put in a
100-ton water jacket and condensers on
the San Francisco River to treat the ores
of the Shannon mine. The Arizona Cop
per Mining- Company, on the same author
ity, i3 reported to be producing about
J3.000.000 worth of copper bullion annually.
The United Verde, the greatest copper
producer in Arizona, will soon shut down
to give time for the renovation of the
plant and extension.
Northern California Miners' Claims
Threatened by Southern Pacific.
General Pacts About TYTinea
of the State.
Field of Exploration Extends
From Arizona to
A ln°kn
PROSPECTORS
ARE SEARCHING
FOR COPPER
GRAND ENCAMPMENT
OF THE ODD FELLOWS
The Forty-Sixth Annual Session Is to
Be Convened in Redding
Next Month.
PAULIST FATHERS NOW
HAVE A NEW SUPERIOR
Rev. Michael P. Smith Is Chosen to
Succeed Rev. H. H. Wyman as
Pastor of St. Mary's.
/ ;¦¦¦¦¦...¦•¦.;¦• . ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER^ 16, 1900.
(Photo by Anderson.)
THE EEV. MICHAEL SMITH, C. S. P.
EXECUTIVE COTVnvmTEE OF THE GRAND ENCAMPMENT, >
X. O. O. F.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- u 2 y \3
For Hss Advanced HomeopathSc Remedies — He Is Con-
tent to Submit Them to the Judgmsr.t of the People —
The Verdict VViJ] Be Rendered by I hose Who Try Them.
A PUBLIC TEST WILL NOW BEGIN.
10,000 VIALS FREE
Of DR. DE FORD'S ADVANCED HOMEOPATHIC REMEDIES, either COUGH CURE.
DYSPEPSIA CUKE or RHEUMATISM CURE (ask for what you want), will bo distrib-
uted from the ofilce of '"The Examiner," beginning Monday morning, at 9 o'clock, FREE TO
ALL for thrae days, closing at 6 p. m.
The reporters will investigate.
The name and address of each person receiving the treatment trill be carefully and
privately kept, reporters detailed to interview these persons and the results of this in-
vestigation will be published In the San Francisco newspapers. Heing Interviewed by a
reporter Dr. De Ford boldly Bald: "I have. no fear as to the results of the investigation
attending- upon the distribution and trial of my remedies here in San Francisco. The
people must be the judpres here of the curative powers nnd qualities of my Advanced
Homeopathic Remedies, as they have been before in thousands of cases: In every Eastern
city where my remedies have been tested it lias born found that they cure in ninety-six
f>ut of every one hundred cases, properly Indicated, taking all stages and conditions of
diseases together, and that In these cities the death rate v.-as lowered ten to twenty-five
per cent In one month."
Modern Medicine, v
Dr. De Ford has searched and labored in science to the good of the people of America
and all humanity. He spent five years In study and research In the great universities of
Europe, who conferred upon him the almost exclusive degree of B. M. (Bachelor of Med-
icine). He has Justly earned this great Innor and distinction and well deserves his dj-
sltton aa head of the ADVANCED SCHOOL OF HOMOEOPATHY IN AMERICA. His ad-
vanced syMem of Homoeopathic Medicine, the result of years of experience and research
so mild, yet so quickly effective, has completely taken the place of all Homoeopathic
methods previously advocated or. known, as much as the electric light has superseded
the tallow candle. Dr. !>e Ford says: "My remedies tire the only medicines discovered ut«
to this time that are effective, reliable, safe and suitable for the diseases of man. All
other Homoeopathic remedies In existence previous to my discovery are plain white sugar
pills, without the slightest Indication of medicine; no physical, physiological or chemical
evidence of medicinal elements being present.
"You can take the entire contents of a vial of these sugar pills without the slightest
Hi-effects; such so-called medicine Is not any the less fatal, because of its utter lneffect-
iveners against disease and waste of time so precious to the Kick. Don't trifle awav the
health and lite of yourself and dear ones, I beg of you." Dr. De Ford further says- '"Each
one of my remedies has its Individuality as to taste, color, odor Rnd medicinal action
They are effective, yet harmless, because they DO ACT ONLY ON THE DISEASED parts
and. NOT on the healthy structures of the body. As to the old. yet to-day still common
methods of treating disease „ with strong drugs, physics, mercury and other poisons refuse
to be treated by a system of medicine that produces a half-dozen diseases in the effort
to get rid of one, and if it cures the disease, practically destroys the patient; medicln*
that Is no more suited for the human system than an ox yoke for a nony " DR nre
FORD'S ADVANCED HOMOEOPATHIC SYSTEM OF MEDICINE Is the interniediate ays-
tern that stands between the candy-sugar-pill fallacy (harmless and FATAL because in-
competent), and the health and life-destroying nostrum and strong drug treatment DR
DE FORD'S ADVANCED HOMOEOPATHIC MEDICINES are the only rational remedies
known to mankind. Do not fail to take advantage of Dr. De Ford's generous offer- get the
medicine that will cure you.. A separate cure for each disease— 45 different remedies for
45 different diseases.
NO MATTER WHAT TOUR DISEASE MAY BE-
NO MATTER HOW MANY DOCTORS HAVE TREATED YOU—
NO MATTER HOW MUCH MEDICINE YOU HAVE TAKEN—
NO MATTER HOW HOPELESS YOUR CONDITION MAY' SEEM-'
Write to Dr. Paul De Ford.
IT WILL COST YdU ABSOLUTELY NOTHING FOR THE HOME ADVICK OP
THIS EMINENT PHYSICIAN. vf
SSK 175 N. Spring St. EK*?-?
Los Angeles, Cal.
Remedies mailed to any address, postpaid, on receipt of price.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
LIVERPOOL end LONDON
and GLOBE
INSURANCE COMPANY*
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE SIS?
day of December. A. D. 1S33. and for tha
year ending on that day. as mads to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Section*
610 and S!l of the Political Code, condensed u i
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
..¦ . ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $1.SS5,73O 00
Loans on HonrN and Mortgages 3, 307, K0 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.(73.(37 VI
Cash In Company's Office 1.S7S 75
Cash In Tanks _ «77.0C7 23
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks anil Lnans 13S C3
Interest due and accrued oa Bonds
and Mortsates 44. CSS 45
Premiums In due Cour«e of Colleo-
tion 8S4.7S5 45
Rents duo and accrued 10,C<X) U)
Life loan L40<> ro
Perpetual Policy premiums due...... ii 43
Total Assets .P. 425.887 87
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense J5 ri' S *I 3
Losses restated. Including expenses.. JO.40O M
Gro*3 premiums on Fire Risks run-
nins one year or less. J3, 422.933 81;
reinsurance 60 per cent J.TU.4W 40
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $3,673.-
548 63; reinsurance pro rata, 1.S3J.4SO U
Amount reelalmable by th« Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. 223.141 3
Liability under Life Department 30.C33 07
All other demands against the com-
pany 174.519 9\
Total Liabilities. — . t4.778.0SO ft)
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr«
prsmhim.i 14,717,430 3
Received for Interest oa Eor.ds and
Mortgages 1M.844 S3
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Leans and from
all other sources 95.534 r«
Received for Rents H 162 07
Received from all other sources 250 00
Total Income .t5.047.CSl C9
EXPKNDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (ln-
chidlns $51S,GS7 53. losses of Pre- ._,,__„
vious years> J3.4C2.433 09
Paid crollowed for Commission or
Brokerage •;" - :L'" *- 5 - ow u1
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 227.23 n
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes Iw.j^j 53
All other' "payments and "P* 11^- JRS 453 n
Total Expenditures J5.072.53O Cl
Fire.
LOPSKS Incurred during the year...J3.33I.^3 41
Risks and Premiums,! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Xet amount of Rlsksj
written during the
£ear .... ••--• • ms.948.427 JS.137.S42 74
Net amount of Risks
5SSE.£!£?.:£ **.™.™
Vet amount in force
December 3!. 1^39. ..I g34.0*.0.765 7.C5<i.547 50
HY W. EATON'. Rest. Manajcer.
GEO. \V. HOYT. t>eputy Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thin :7th
day of Siarch, 10CO. W. H. WILBEY,
Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEM
Resident Secretary.
THE WEEKLY CALL
[ 61 pep Year*
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31.«t day of December.
A D. 1S'->S. and for the year ending on that
rtay a>« made to the Insurance Commisioner
OJ the kate of (California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 010 an.l fU of the Political
Code condensed aa per blank furnished by the
.ComrnUstcner: p j^
A S\^.. C . a ..'. t . a -'.- St °- k .'-- P^ d -" P -- t ° >30O.0CO0O
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company *iS?'^ 52
Loans on Eonds and Mnrt«a«fes .24.9i>0 00
CaFh Market Value of all .Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 601.3-1 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledse
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
nble securities as rollatoral 116.5OOCO
Cashiin Company's Office Il.|o9 1*
Cftsh in Banks •• 6I.S0O .S
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and loans o.lal 5S
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Premiums in due Course of Coliertlon 93.062 13
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken _
for Fire and Marine Rinks "•";* ~%
Rents due and accrued. ..„ ¦*<«> BO
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 11.21!) 06
Total Assets .$2.Qg3.638 Si
LIABILITIES. "
Losses !n process of Adjustment or
In Suspense **!•??! iZ
Losses resisted. Including expense*... 2..00 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlr.R one year or less. $229.«9 33; re-
insurance CO per cent 114.724 «3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ninK more than one year. $367,933 10;
reinsurance pro rata 237,843 C5
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
¦ on perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies W4.0S8J1
All other demands aealnst the Com-
pany E6.S03 SI
Total liabilities .<L132.S32 01
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for F1r»
premiums $409,265 33
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 46,687 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 80,061 43
Received for Rents 10.S01 63
Received from all other sources 1,9c 51
Total Income r .. ........ $43S.7S4 32
EXPEXDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $29,612 11, losses of previ-
ous years) J225.SS3 79
Dividends to Stockholders 75,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 94,033 CO
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc 65,363 44
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes S3. 029 23
All other payments and expendi-
tures 85.31152
Total Expenditures .'... $5CS,128 63
Losses Incurred during the year
(Fire) S263.107 17
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $32,722,273 $3C7,:i3 58
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 45.102,887 439,733 70
Net amount In force
December 31. 1S99.. S2.595.043 7S1.8S2 33
JAMES B. ALVORD. Vice President.
EDWIN F. MERRILL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23th
cay of January;. 1900.
. GEORGE P. WILGUS. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NE. Cor. California and Sansoms Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
WILLARD 0. WAYMAN, Manager.
, G.W. McNEAB, General Agrent.
ADVE3TISEIEENT.S.
"Fifteen Years,"
Say* l>r. lirunett. "Of Scientiflc It;-
f.«-arc!i. Work und Study Has Kn-
:•(>!«-<! '(l€- t» I'«-rf>«-t 3ly KleclrJe
licit *•¦> »¦ li:it I ciil GoarcDiec It to
Care fii Gvcrjr Cane — It Is the Only
Treatment 'llmf Can lit- Connird
«,n t«» iiiro tl«o \\o:itnc«*of: of M«fi» j
nnd \V'«»ii««?ji. nn«l I Claim BCo -^I«»r!- '
(¦enrrall}- Ivnul I>ii««-:»-'.or>- \Vnn !
liver Madv."— Tlie I)<u't«r Say* V«a
yiunt Not < oiiu.uim! His Xileotrie
rioll WflU tlie V.i»Ie:> Advertised i
S«>-« - nJI«-tI i:i«-t-tric rt:-Its. s»n«i
Warns Yon ».^nitint Him tmftater*. !
'.'. Electric Belt restores the vitality ar:.l
Virility of men an<1 women In every case end I
tuaranice U. Elec-
Lricity Is Xiti:r"'s r
T-[..f<iy: it W.fjlit^-p \".\J/
lh^ eje.«. c'-.-^rs th<? XiJ'/i^^v
fk:r.. hardens the rv.'"3rw
rr.iifclef. mai:es tho Ri''»r</«S>iCj?liy''™\
Ft--;- eUttlc and the "Cs/.A 3}<C"^f.,rf.!r-
txwrla rtiular; r*- v"/ rVi -^*tf^J~ >•
t'or^F the circulation; / %/^*->» l
the olg<fition became* I j** V
perfect, thf aopt-tite j \ y
lnrrpas'-s find the y * _^ j
fcea<lacr.«s cud fiu.-»li- 3^^^^ J I
lnt;s UiEarixar: re- r^ fj
stores the Ehatt -:• 3 / . , Jj
nerves; dark circles '•/"¦^'"vj-
emund the eyes lacie
away and the wcji
man or wonua be- '|^ ;<^ ' I
comes a new hrlr.z — w I
rerfectly rfstored 10 ¥ /
ri-a!:h r^id bexuai fl r
l'mvpr. Klectrlcity is (\ 1
Veins. and where .
thf-n? is a !a^k (A i; la the Fj-fitem It must be
*ur>piip<j. Kature l.as iKt-n lrjj.o?ed upon and
rtiUhea to euDLly it.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Was Invented to restore xvak men and tvomen
end U will do it. I absolute]): cnarsntee my
Kelt to oure Sexual UnpoteBCjr. l>.'st Manhood,
S'arif <v*-Je. Hrtnuaturrhoea a:i<l all sexual
weakpeases in either t+x; restart Ehrunken or
tin<3»-vpJrj«*Hl orgaai* vitality; cure Kheu-
ST!?.t:rni >« cmy cuire, JCi<5n<y, Urer end JJlaJ-
<1pt Troubles. Clir'.nlc <:or.stipa.iion. Nervous
end General lability. I>y.':;>t|)^ia, a:: FemalB
Complulms. etc. l>ware oX old-style belts v.:i-
d*r jirv.-:ty!f- iirnws— they burn.
It. QemKtt'a Klectric JJelt lias sort. etlUen. j
1 ii.int— 11—1H crror.ge ple^troj^s that cannot
liurn r.nd WJrter n!« '1>» the h^.if metal <"lcctrcKle^ |
tj?'-(l on nil ether maUos of 1>-Its. It Jx Irr.pos- !
title for t'ie i)^!^:!! to v.oar these Tictal dec-
tr#d» bclta if they srive enough etureat to be
«u:al!vc. tor tli* current Will l>urn crvat holes
In yrvi r.i. .:'. tad the j.ai:» Ik kj great it can-
Hot !-¦ >".durt-J. Then v»-niitris will accuniu-
Jat^ rn this Ijare r. - .<"ttl, trblcb nay cause »;!'v»J
j«->i«f.::I"jr nni\ perfeaM <l»-?th. Sonic con»-rns
uh'M t.hcf^e ¦*r.' :.»; uectxadea trith a thtri ve-
li««r!r:F oi chamois or Kit; they try to have
y :u !> o ]irvf U !s !;i;e jnine. but they are net
f\e"\ si counterfeit. Verdigris will pa*-* 1
through this veneering, hut I:Il*otriclty car;-
not. My J;iectr!«-3i P**"| *>*** J 'or the perfeit
ot :jj»^3's veaVneaeca, free 10 each male
jcti'nt. Ti;e renewtns feature of my Belt and
Electrodea are my pateut— (letters
j)Bte::t No»,. C3i.'ii< ftnd f31.T23).
If j-oa lisive l»<»«'ti iniMletl lu<<> l»n>--
Itist «»»>«* «- tliewe mnkc-liplirvr lirlt*
wiitl t< to rnv r.rul I will allow you
Jiitlf tl'o i>ri«*e *>f ono «>f mine for It.
?.*>• eJ«-€-tr<nl<'i» «re nty etclimlre pnt-
rnt ti««t «ri' nueil on M«» other elee-
trica! npiillnurr. -"4i>- l*l«-e»rie Ilelt
J\ztH f im-i-»*I»nnfT»'nl»I»" buttery ec»ll<«
nnd ertn f>e renewed >vlien hnrned
ont for only T.'e) no other helt ran
1>t~ renpved ff»r any price, nnd irhen
1'-. ;¦¦«-<! old im m r<tltt '¦¦ ' Gnnrnnfceil
«m«' vrjir. I tib?«<>lu»«*«v ennranlre ?n>-
ISIrctrff! rw-lt tt> lveiir n lifetime nn«l
I'.io flllirt not c!liu!n!F.!i. Will re.
trm: rtr>" fee* )>a(d M If thSK in not
n fs<-«. iu>4 \rtll urlve *1O<K> for any
other !»<•» th::t will Jss«t three
inontliK w.-lttt eonwtnnt n«a«:e. Get
t>*e cenalne Itcnare tti fraud)* nnd
fhnrJnlmi". 'tVrlte to me for 1111 ex-
nn«e of "Frcr Trinl*.** "l'aj- Wit en
Ton Are Cared" and "Three ~I«»utliV
Trlnl" otem.
Cr.l! cr -write tivflay. I have Trrittt-n a book,
*'Th'» r:r.<i!rr r,t the Fountain of Kterr.al
Touth. "' whi«*h win t<^U you nil about It. Sect
Jrr«-. j>oFtp?!<l. to any nddr^s fnr the asking.
Advice \v.:h.-ut cost. Sold or.:>- by
Si SiuSiiiUil Belt Co.
noomi 5 and G, 47 Font St., San Fran-
clseo, CaX • . ,
AP V .KKTISETVrPrtTTS. .
I Messrs. Carroll & Johnson
1 Still continues. We will commence ¦
I Monday morning bright and early to
I sell this elegant stock of Clothing,
I Furnishing Goods, Hats, Trunks, etc., at \
I exactly half the former prices. Below
1 we give you a few of the many good
I things which we are selling:
H WOOL HOSE
I MEN'S SUIT, all Chev- YOUTHS' SUITS. In |Q C
Pi . -:,\I' ' , %"« "' iL' plaid and plain effects. '
| lot. London Smoke a eplendl( j we arln S 25c TIES
U color, ilza 24 to 41 «uit, age 13 to 13. 2 fOT 25c
1 S2.45. S2.95. wool undep.^^
H" ' BALBRIGGAX UN_
M MEirS STTCT. all Wool. BOYS* REEFER and DERAVEAR.
1 In blue and Havana SCHOOL SUITS, knee ZDC.
I brown, a StVuJl*^™ SHIRTS
II *«". «!*• ** t<> «- patterns, age * to 13. 3 DC.
I $4.95. 95c. Ts^"
fl ' HEN'S HATS
|j MEN'S OVERCOATS. MEN'S ALL. CHEVIOT ODC. \
H ' in navy and black, a PAXTS. In gTay and BOYS' OVERALLS
f| good durable and win- striped colors, all sizes, ")Kr
H • ter coat, slza 24 to 44. 20 to 42 waist. £DC'
Fl tf"~»r-'r-' r»rT^ IJNKN HANDKER-
I $3. 33. 95C. CHIEFS, full sue.
\ These goods, ss above advertised, must I
- be sold at once, so come early.
I Remember the Place
I and Number \
\ 915-Market Street-915 v
I Above Fifth.
I PHONE FOLSOM 1406. ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST. -
t Country Orders Filled V.'hcrt Money Accompanies the Order. :LOS ANGELES, Sept. 15.— Jos» V. Jaramillo
a murderer, who escaped from the Jail at Albu
querque, N. Ilex., last Monday, was arrested
on Alameda street in this city last even) n«
Jaramillo stabbed a boy to the heart, and after
hi"? arri»st he overi>owered a Jail trusty and took
mTj.-a.v liim Wa.vb_
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. 15.— The Columbia
River is to be bridged at Robtoti by the Ca*
nadian Paclflo Railway to connect the Colum
bia Kootenay Railway with the Columbia and
Western. Tho new bridge will give through
rail nervice from Nelson to Rosaland and from
Nelson to Uia boundary country.
They Would Not Prosecute.
.Charles Blanchard, one of the overs£%rs
on the battleship Ohio, refused to prose
cute the case of Walter Brown, a painter,
charged with an assault to do grievous
bodily harm. They had a quarrel and
Blanchard was knocked Into the hold of
the .vessel." The Judge had to dismiss the
case yesterday.
H. Wiruck, charged with assault to
murdqr upon t>. Dickinson at 116 Sixth
street, had his case also dismissed, as
Dickinson would not prosecute. The men
quarreled about a girl and Wiruck at
tacked Dickinson with a bottle.
SHIP CAPTAIN'S COMPLAINT.
Declares That Sailors Hired in San
Francisco Were Detained.
PORTLAND, Sept. 15.— Last Wednesday
Captain S. P. Hearn of the British ship
Genista finished loading a cargo of wheat
and went to look for sailors to man his
ship for England. He applied to the sai
lor boarding-house linn of Sullivan
Grant Bros. & McCarron for sailors, but
their terms were considered too high and
Captain Hearn decided to secure a crew In
Ran Francisco.. He made arrangements
for men to come here from San Francisco,
but he claims that Grant and McCarron
went to San Francisco and prevented, the
sailors from coming. Upon this statement
of facts the following cablegram was sent
to-night to the Liverpool Shipowners'
Association, which will notify the Ship
owners associations : - of the Clyde and
London: <. .
"Orealla and Genista loaded. Require
twenty-three men. Crimps demand $30
advance and $75 blood money, wages £6
Rates, San Francisco. $20 and $25, wages
£4. Tried to get men there, but Port
land crimps blocked. Recommend hold-
Ing ships.
"BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO."
Balfour. Guthrle & Co. are the agents
of the owners of the Orealla and Genista.
Precinct Registration.
Precinct registration was resumed yes
terday by the six hundred extra deputies
appointed by the Board of Election Com
missioners. The registration was not en
tirely satisfactory to Registrar Walsh,
who states that only 3000 names were nn
rolled- Last Saturday there were 2500
registrations and there are at least 20,0)0
voters who have not yet registered. The
last day for precinct registration will be
next Saturday and citizens who cannot
go to the pity Hall are urged to appear
at their respective precincts.
THE DAY'S DEAD
"Eddie" Knauff.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 15.-"Edd!e"
Knauff, a once famous baseball player
is dead of a broken back, after having
lingered in a hospital here for three and
a half years. His case was unlaue in
medical history. After retiring from the
baseball field he became a fireman? and
while on duty at a fire was crushed by a
falling beam.
W. J. Grey.
PETALUMA. Sept. 15— W. J. Grey, a
highly esteemed pioneer, passed away at
his residence In. this city this afternoon
after a lingering illness. He was born In
London, England. August 18. 1S3S. and was
a veteran of the Crimean war. He leaves
a large family of grown children.
Robert Greenwall.
ANGELS CAMP,' Sept 15.-Robert
Greenwall, one of Ca'averas County's
pioneers, died at his hqine In Valllclta, in
this county, last Thursday. He was S3
years of age and leaves a wife and son.
Mrs. Anna Cremore.
VALLEJ6. Sept. 15.— Mr?. Anna Cre
more, who has resided In Valleio sinr#
1850, died to-day. J ncf
BOAT OVERTURNS AND
SEVEN ARE DROWNED
Disaster Overtakes a Party of Work
ing-men While Attempting to
Cross a Wisconsin River.'
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 15.— Eighteen men,
employes of the Northwestern Lumber
Company at Eau Claire, Wis., started to
cross the river, and when the boat was
about a quarter of a mile from shore it
was overturned and seven -of the men
were drowned. Two swam to the shore
and the others clung to the boat and were
rescued.
BROOKLYN WINS TWO GAMES.
Itowns the St. Ixniis Team by Persist
ent Hitting.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— • W. L. Pet. dubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....71 45 .81! Chicago 57 63 .473
Plttsburg ...67 61 .673 St. Louis 5J 63 .433
Philadelphia 60 R5 .6221 Cincinnati ...63 61 .453
Boston 56 69 .4371 New York. ...50 67 .42;
BROOKLYN. Sept. 15.— Brooklyn downed the
St. Louis team twice to-day, by hitting all the
time. The first was a see-saw affair In which
Kit«on and Young divided the pitching honors.
The second same lasted only five innings, dark
ness stopping play. Attendance, 40CO. Score.
lir c t niifi'
St. I^ouis 4 9 0
Brooklyn 5 10 2
Batteries— Young and Robinson; Kltson and
Farrell.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R- H. E.
St. Louts f 9 2
Brooklyn 8 12 3
Batteries— Hughey and Buelow; McGlnnity
and McGuire. Umpire— Gaffney.
NEW YORK,' Sept. 15.— Hlckman was the
bright particular star of to-day's game between
the New Yorks and Plttsburg. He won the
came for the local nine with a home run In
the ninth inning. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Plttsburg -» 16 2
New York 2 8 3
Batteries— Phlllppl and Zlmmer; Carrlck and
Bowerman, Umpire — Snyder.
BOSTON. Sept. 15.— Boston took to-day's
game by batting Menefee when men were on
bases. Attendance, 2200. Score:
Clubs— -.'"" H. H. E.
Chicago 3 11 4
Boston .' 7 10 1
"Batteries— Menefee nnd Kilns; Dlneen and
Sullivan. Umpire— Emslle.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 15.— Two games were ;
scheduled for to-day between Philadelphia and ;
Cincinnati/ but only one was played, owing
to rain. The game was Interesting principally ¦
from the fact that twelve innines were re- j
quired to decide it. In the last Inning, with one '
man out and a rnan on base. Flick doubled, ,
scoring the winning run. Attendance. 850tX :
Score:
Clubs— R. h. E. !
Cincinnati 5 13 2 i
Philadelphia .,- 6 - 13 \\
Batteries— Hahn, N'ewton and Kahoe; Dona- j
hue,- Dunn and McFarland. Umpire — Hurst.
American League Games.
KANSAS CITY. Sejt. 15— First game: Kan
kaa City 3, Detroit 2. Second game: KansA.* >
City 2, Detroit 4. ',
CHICAGO. Ser>t. 15.— Chicago 4. Buffalo 5. -
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 15.— Milwaukee 14, In- i
dlanapolis 5.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The CWL
PHOENIX. Ariz., Sept. 15.— The fright
ful record of lawlessness in Graham
County, Arizona, has been lengthened by
two more killings, one an awful double
tragedy of murder and robbery, the vic
tims being former Callfornlans.
¦John McGeehan kept a saloon In a tent
on the banks of the upper Gila River,
near Guthrle. John McBride, formerly an
employe of the Southern Pacific at Lords
burg, but later running a pump for the
Detroit Copper Company and a friend of
McGeehan's, went to the tent of the lat
ter to stay a few days. Tuesday morn
ing their bodies were found In the tent
saloon, where they slept, riddled with bul
lets. There was evidence of a struggle on
thc part of one of the men, though both
were undressed, and the assault was
doubtless made while they were asleep.
The tent had been looted, everything of
value being taken. A Mexican's sombrero
was found near the door of the tent It
was Identified and Its owner and another
Mexican were arrested and jailed at Clif
ton.
Wednesday morning a young Mexican
named Longfellow Salcido, born and
raised In Clifton, was killed by another
Mexican named Manuel Brlstillos. the af
fair growing out of a discussion of the
double murder. The local Justice of the
Peace, fearing <hat the two men under ar
rest would be lynched, had authorized a
number of armed Mexicans to guard the
Jail. Wednesday morning Bristillos and
Salcido met some of the guards, who ex
pressed a desire to go to breakfast,
whereupon one of them handed' his rifle
to Bristlllo8 to stand guard. He says Sal
cido had a pistol and pulled It, remark-
Ing In a joking manner, crying "Look
out." Brlstillos aimed his weapon, also
In fun, . when It was accidentally dis
charged, the bullet passing through Sal
ddo's body, killing him Instantly. Public
feeling runs high and the accidental kill
ing Is deplored. It is generally believed
the right men are in custody for the mur
der of McGeehan and McBride, and It is
hoped an example will be made of them.
McGeehan formerly _ lived In Shasta
County. Cal. McBride came from the
same State. ••- '
Lust of Gain the Motive That
-Prompts an Awful Deed
in Arizona.
MEXICANS KILL
TWO SLEEPING
CALIFORNIANS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 15.— A borrowed baby,
the feigned sickness of a woman and the
presence of two physicians were the dras
tic measures chosen by Mrs. Margaret J.
Story of Morgan Hill to maintain a grip
on her home and the woman's wits came
very near balking the order .made by
Judge Hyland yesterday restoring the
property to A. B. Rockel. Deputy Sheriff
Rives, who went forth armed with the
restitution order this morning to throw
Mrs. Story bag and baggage out Into the
cold world, was nonplussed for "the time;
found woman and baby In bed, surrounded
by doctors, and he appealed to the Sher
iff's office over the phone for help and
advice. : *
He was given lnstrucflons to remove
Mrs. Story and the leased Infant In a car
riage to the hotel, and then proceeded to
carry out the order of the court. Drs.
Higgins and Thayer, who were In attend
ance on the woman, did not attempt to
account for the birth of a baby, and
looked upon their being called as a huge
joke. Mrs. Story, however, declared !t
was hers and that she was ill.
The Storys. and their troubles would fill
a big book. A few years ago Story was
a prosperous fruit-grower at Morgan
Hill, this county, and a widower. An
only daughter was married to A. E.
Rockel, and In his loneliness he sought
the aid of a marriage bureau of Chicago
to find him a helpmeet.
The fee paid, Story was soon In corre
cpondence with a widow wlrt> likewise was
looking for a comforter, especially one
with a lot of cash. A few months later
Story made a trip to Chicago and he sur
prised hla friends by returning with a
buxom wife some fifteen years his Junior,
and a stepdaughter of 13 years. From the
time they landed in Morgan Hill troubles
came thick and fast. Mrs. Story had her
husband deed half of the place to her,
and then she filed a homestead on the
whole of the fifteen acres of orchard. The
woman then set her wits to work to rifl
herself of Story. She had him arrested on
all sorts of charges from battery to at
tempted murder, and finally ran the old
rancher off the place, and for a couple of
years he has not dared to go near her
Story had given atrust deed to the place
to a San Francisco bank before deeding
half of the* place to his wife, who had
made life so unpleasant to him.
fie then joined forces with his son-in
law Rockel and his daughter, and Rockel
took up the indebtedness to the San Fran
cisco bank, and ho and his father-in-law
proceeded to oust Mrs. Story by foreclosure
proceedings. Rockel secured a judgment
and possession of the place, but Mrs. Story
refused to budge. The court was appealed
to, and to-day Mra. Story was ejected.- It
was to stave this oft by feigning sickness
that Mrs. Story borrowed th«-baby and
sought the attendance of two physicians
Story is now battling for a separation
from his wife.
Borrows a Baby and Feigns
Illness to Outwit the
Sheriff.
CLEVER RUSE
OF A MAN
PROVES FUTILE
-est. He received few callers, although
he usual number presented themselves
>r. the front porch. The President was
not ill, but he was tired from his long
siege of hard work. ' There is no appre
hension that the President Is on the verge
of illness, but it was deemed expedient
that he should be quiet for a day or two
and secure as much sleep as possible. It
Is thought that by Monday he will be able
to resume his old habits and to give the
cordial greetings to his callers. Just as he
has been doing during his vacation In
Canton.
ROOSEVELT SPEAKS
IN NORTH DAKOTA
BOISE, Idaho. Sept. 15.— Senator Shoup
has organized a reception committee of
fifteen to m&et Governor Roosevelt at
Eutte on the morning of the 19th and es
cort him through the State. The commit
tee will leave here Monday and take a
special car at Pocatello, which will b©
atr&ched to Roosevelt's special. The spe
cial will be run up tbe St. Anthony branch
and make stops at Idaho Falls and Black
foot, arriving at Pocatello at 5 p. m.,
where the principal meeting of the trip
will bs held in the evening.
JAMESTOWN .~N. D.. Sept- 15.— At Val
ley City to-day Governor Roosevelt spoke
at the opera-house, which was filled to
overflowing. Senator Hansbrough pre
eided and introduced" the Governor, who
said In part:
We have the right to appeal to all men who
are Indeed men, who are Indeed Americans, to
upheld the policy that tells for national great
ness. We stand at the threshold of a new
century. We berln that century as one of
the greatest nations of the world, standing in
the forefront. If we are true to ourselves, we
rhall establish for this nation during the cen
tury to come a record unequaled In the his
tory of mankind, but It can only be done by
faring each task as it comes and not flinching
from It. You men of the West who have made
thu commonwealth what it Is to-day, have
not done it by seeking an easy time, not by
tryins to fin<i out how to avert every diffi
culty and recoiling from It, and being afraid
of it; but by overcoming !t, by wresting your
livelihood from a hostile nature and by build
ing ud, farm by farm, town by toven In this
great State. What you have done as Individuals
the nation must do as a nation. Only In that
way can each of us maintain the right we
now have to hold up our heads with pride,
tccaure of the deeds that have been done by
Americans in the past. Each generation has
its allotted task, and according to the way
each generation does or does not perform the
tark will the next generation have cause for
pride or ehame.
In order to keen his engagement In Mon
tana Governor Roosevelt's train will con
tinue its journey Sunday, but there will
positively be no speechmaking. This
country from Mandan to Miles City is the
country Governor Roosevelt used to roam
with his cattle and where many of his old
cowboy friends still live and where ho was
once a peace officer. It is a matter of
de'.-p regret on the part of the Governor
that he is compelled to pass through this
familiar territory in this summary way,
but circumstances have made it neces
sary. Not only will there be no speaking
but the train will not be allowed to pass
through any village during the hour In
which religious services are. in progress
BISMARCK. N. D.. Sept. 15 - The
Roosevelt special train arrived at Bis
marck at 6 o'clock to-day and remained
here during the night. This Is a place
familiar to Governor Roosevelt and he
met many of his old cowboy friends at
the station and the train. Among them
were some who had been with him on his
ranch. A street demonstration had been
prepared In his honor, consisting of a pa
rade and fireworks in the evening, to
gether with a reception by the citizens.
Governor Roosevelt spoke In the evening
nt the Athenium to an overflowing crowd.
After relating some reminiscences of his
cowboy days here in his time he spoke
of the financial question, dwelling upon
the general prosperity of the country un
der the McKinley administration and then
discussed the Philippine question much
as h«* has in other speeches during the
present trip. Speaking of the trust Issue
he said:
Of course when prosperity comes It comes to
the unjust as well a» to the Just and Ju?t ex
actly as hard times strike a decent man, H
also strikes th* man that is not decent. Therfc
has bp*n much complaint ujrninst President
McKinley and hi? administration because
trusts have flourished. Tbcy did not flourish
four years ago. Nothing flourished four years
a so.
We have had four years of rolng- forward.
Now abuses are sure to come. We want to de
vote our best ener«ies to p?t rid of those
abuse*. We have had a little experience of that
kind In my own State. Now, two years ago I
ran for Governor in New York. Against me
they had put up Judire Van Wyck. who was a
pp<"clal protegre of Mr. Bryan and a bosom
friend of Mr. Croker. (Laughter.)
Tou seem to have heard of the gentleman.
Mr. Croker and Mr. Van Wyck were very se
vere upon corporation*. They said they were
down on corporations; that they were ac-ilnxt
them. I nay I was no more against corpora
tion* than I was against a redheaded man. I
will do Justice to the redheaded man. If he
Is a bad man I will cinch him. If he Is a good
man I will stand by him. If a corporation does
Its duty and acts tquarely. .It is all right, and
I will stand up for It. If it don't do bo. I will
make it do Its duty If I have the power. Now,
ycu eee I have the advantage of talking the
way 1 did because I oould keep my promise. I
made the kind of promises that could be kept.
We cot a law enacted. There are defects In
it. of course, but the result so far has been
that we have put upon the aasessment roll for
taxation something: like two hundred millions
of. corporate property that had previously es
caped taxation. That was something- tangible.
Tou can never accomplish everything at one*.
NO WONDER HE CAN'T SEE THE EVI
DENCES OF PROSPERITY.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 15.— A less experienced
man than William J. Bryan might very
well have had his head turned by the re
ception accorded him In St. Louis to-night.
He spoke here In the Coliseum Hall, under
the auspices of the National Democracy
of Commercial Travelers. The hall is said
to seat 14,000 people. Not only was every
seat occupied, but every available foot of
standing room was also covered.
Mr. Bryan was late in arriving at the
hall, having been detained by his attend
ance upon a meeting of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor at Concordla Park,
where he also made a brief address. Mr.
Bryan had arrived in the city about 5
o'clock, coming here from East St. Louis.
He was escorted across the Mississippi by
a committee of the commercial travelers,
who met him In the Illinois city.
The time previous to Mr. Bryan s ar
rival at the Coliseum was filled by other
speakers, among them Webster Davis.
Mr. Davis took occasion to reply to the
recent charge that he had received money
from President Kruger for taking a posi
tion in favor of the Democratic ticket In
the present campaign. He said thftt he
had gone to South Africa to visit a per
sonal friend of his who waa Consnl there.
He then referred to his career aa Assist
ant Secretary of the Interior under the
present administration, saying that he had
worked day and night for the Government
for three years. In addition he had fought
the battles of the Republican party for
four years, having given several weeks of
his time to secure the election of Mr.
Hanna to the Senatorship from Ohio.
Mr. Bryan arrived at 8:45 o'clock and
the audience rose almost as one man to
greet him as he strode across the stage.
A majority of the vast multitude were
equipped with small American flags, and
they waved them with a will. The dem
onstration continued for five or six min
utes and it was In some respects a repeti
tion of the nag episode in the Kansas City
: convention.
Mr. Bryan read his speech from manu
script. The points of the address were
cheered when made and the entire docu
ment was well received.
J The Democrats were, he said, favorable
to the expansion of our trade, but there
was a vast difference between expansion
and imperialism. The one looked to a
simple enlargement, the other to a change
of the governmental system. If we were
to help to govern the Filipinos they must
be expected to help govern us— the ar
rangement must be reciprocal. No other
system would be In accord with our In
stitutions; no other system could be rec
onciled to our declaration that "all men
are created equal."
Did we want the Filipinos as Senators
or members of Congress? No. Then we
must take them, if at all, as subjects.
This could not be thought of, and the
only course open was to get out of the
Philippines Just as we we preparing to
get out of CiA>a.
Speaks Under the. Auspices
of the Commercial Trav
elers' Association.
Says His Party Favors an Expansion
of Trade, but Does Not Want
Filipinos to Be Made
Subjects,
BRYAN GREETED
BY THOUSANDS
IN ST. LOUIS
Tells of Bryan's Part in the Ratifica-
lion of the Peace Treaty and
Denounces Him as a
Hypocrite.
DELPHI. Infl.. Sept. 15.— Sena x» Hanr.a
p.ddrep?ed the Republicans of tne Ninth
Congressional District. A large crowd had
.assembled at the railroad rt&tion to meet
.:.rr. and a t>roc««sion escorted the Bcn
s-tor to the Courthouse square, where he
addressed an audience of about aOOo people,
lie said:
Or.:>- a few weeks ago I felt that there wr-s
• acting en the iiart cf ihe people of this cor.n
l T a full appreciation of the lnu>ortance of
l.ie 2S£ur-s cf thc campaipn. I spent fix long
hot wteiii i n x ew y or j; laying the foundation
of Ue cararaign la the Ea^t; ar.i whether un-
B*r the lnSacnoes of the torrid heat or front
the tact that the people were overconfident,
there e«mpi to be a lack of interest, arid ii
\va» <i«scoura~:ng to three of us who were
charged w;th the reyrrnsibillties of tbe work.
But com!rx Wert, I flopped over a fiay or
two In my native' State of Ohio, and In thc
c-penins of the camjiaipn at Toungslown. 1
r:;ct such an au4lenc* as rtiie. and lojking Into
their fa -s I discovered th^t ther« was a re
•-IKinse fn the Western republicans that mejint
'i-.at this can; ;¦ sign nu^t be started in the
West, this heart of Republican interest, this
r»ni>r cf the i>oj>ulaUon cf the countrj". c<">m
l>ot<»d cf t:io FtaJwart ileinf-nt of our people.
Therefore. I fay that, lookinsj into the faces
r*f this awdier.c'p. I a:n encouraged to go on
and say a few words regarding the Issues
v.h'.ch confront U£.
After speaking: of the attitude of the op
r""<siriK candidates as to financial matters
:i::d x\:c Philippines Senator Ilanna, re
ferring to tiie rctrarks of a previous
said;
Colonel Posty has toM you exactly th« truth."
that the position of the Itmocraiic party upon
the Philippine qu»-stion «ai tnade and fixed up
ia th« city of WaFhir.fton by Mr. Bryan and
ills close advisers themselves. I was there
atom that time. I hn- w what was going on. I
iouU Bee by the evuienee* when that question
v a.< discussed in the Scr.ate. after seeing Mr.
Dryan day after day in the corridor* and ante
rMzha of the Scr.ate bottoohoUac hi? r.itn that
hi Hint: back away irem hit influence, that
h- !.ai *aid that that treaty ir.ust be passed.
r.nii tt waf p«i»n1 While thit^e of us who ha.l
•: t pleasure and e-,.1oy^d tlie right of votinBfrom
principle ar.i suttainir.sr the Krone of the
admlnictnilOD. working from the stanJyoint
duty, felt that we Lad taken a prominent
| an ta that glorious act of ratifying the treaty
f.r.T vavirjf the honor and Integrity of the
*rr,'r:<arj army and navy, and upholding the
V: • rlcaa people, still for all that w e were not
• - v.'.'ij- Ptron? cr.cuph to have accomplish
ed that rturpos* 1 if it had not heen for the co
hortz at Mj". Bryan. l>sd he ar.d hts cohorts
act from the rame motives wl;!rh inspired the
BepobUcta members of that Senate?. No. I
tr.i a>ham»d to tay no. because an knew that
The r.urpos** he had in vtew were purely polit
ical and intended to be u«e.J Just ss they have
heen used, to make an issue; pnssiMy a para
mount issue, but at least a collateral issue la
the co:r.ing campaign. And that has been the
result
I will quote the wor<5» of one of the most
err.ir.er.t fftate«rien in the United States— a man
«?air.£t whoff motives or patriotism nothing
rar. be raid: a man who from the convictions
ci his principles has been honestly opposed to
the policy of the administration retarding the
h!:.;-pinr*. I qu.-te from Senator Hoar of'Mas
sachusetts. Standing in t'ae presence of twenty
r thirty prominent business men in Boston a
sntll Juro— I was present at that Catherine— it
¦¦as an informal meeting considering the poh
¦ ;il Qjortions cf the campaign, we asked
---ntor Hr>ar for his views. That grand old
-r.an arose, and. laiioring under the solemnity,
tA as he IpH. the importance cf that occa-
c ion. felt that he had been almost estranged
from hi« party and from his President, ani yet
rtrorsg un !er fc!s own convictions that had
rooted witi::n him in a lifetime, he paid:
¦"Gentlemen, ycu all know that I have not been
ttt harmony with my party upon this Philip
pbw nn^rtirn, but that is only one of the
T->.any important questions, and as long ae my
•arty stands upon the foundation, the rrincl
: lea of which was the beginning and baptism
' 'ts life. 1 rhall stand by my party. But."
* saM. "I prc;>cs» to tear the mask from the
face of that hypocrite. William J. Bryan tap
: :aus*> — I ca'l him a hypocrite because like
t.v friends. Senator Lodge and Senator Ilanna.
I kr.ow the motive which inspired the action en
r. ? pert to ratify the treaty. You told rne
•r.tri. but I could hardly believe It was true.
sr.3 I new eee that it was true and that he
•vas acting the part of a consummate hypo
•i'.e In ail hl« %3rocacy of the opposition to
tbe President on that question." Those were
• v » vorte of Senator Hoar of Massachusetts.
• .-.•¦ grandest old man in the Stnat#. a man
•• note life and energies have been devoted to
¦> a principles cf the Republican party, and.
¦ rofcre. no one would dare to floubt for one
':-.ple moment the mrrtives of that mart. And I
p r*at it here, and I will repeat It frcra every
r-*!rura where I h*ve the opportunity, that
•he action of Mr. Bryan and those who are
following him In his contest on this Philip
pine question has been one of hypocrisy and fle
<:<-it from the beginning and will continue so
to be. <Arr'aupe )
The latter part of Senator Hanna's
Fr»errh was dfvotr-d to industrial affairs.
tne Senator retting forth figures showing
present oor.ditions «f= comparptl with con
ditions: of trade previous to the Inaugnra
tir.r, of Prr-Fid^r.t McKlnley.
In conclusion, he p.nid:
I ffel that if anything cr^jlfl Induce me to
f>I>pear before au-iienr'-s of my fellow e'tirer.s it
»<"'iul(1 ¥»• not to nr>vr.ft tl:e kej note, but to
¦nead a note of warning.
I am rot surprised that the p*Tl* of the
t"r.'.t«-d States should feel comfortable under
the present condition of things, but I don't
t ar.'. them to be surprised If they find that
Uiefr overcor.fideno* results in the defeat of
our ticket. I te'.l you, my frieri?. that I do
»p.nt to sound a note of warning. There is
evidence on all sides in our country that the
ReT>ubli«*an partv feels that it has a sure thing:
that Wf'.'.ism McKinl»y will be re-elected, and
therefore they <5o not feel called upon to exert
any extraordinary effort to contribute their
Ehsre toward preventing It. That is a duty as
«acred to every man as the duty that he owes
t.. his family and his Cod. It is a duty that
be cannct shift. He cannot shift the responsi
bility of It upon the chouiaers of his neighbor.
*»e cannot excuse himself for not performing
that duty by attempting to console himself -rith
the Idea that somebody else, will do his work.
At the conclusion of his address Senator
Har.na was cheered to the echo.
M'KINLEY TAKING A
MUCH-NEEDED REST
CANTON. Ohio, Sppt. 15.— President
McKinlfy parsed to-day in a state of
Says Over-CoDfidence May
Cause Downfall of the
Party.
HAHHA SOUNDS
WARNING NOTE TO
REPUBLICANS
xjijcj paiv jxiajn CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
29
TRAINED NURSE.
Ecmarks About Nourishing Food.
'A physician's wife. Mrs. Dr. Landon.
gave me a packet of Grape-Nuts about
h. fear a^o, with the remark that she was
Bare I would find thc food very beneli-
cul. both for my ovin use and for my
patients. I was particularly attracted to
the food, as at that time the weather was
very hot and I appreciated the fact that
the Grape-Nuts required no cooking.
"Thc food was deliciously crisp, and
most inviting to the appetite. After
making use of it twice a day for three
or four weeks I discovered that it was a
most wonderful invigorator. I used to
fiifler pteatly from exhaustion, head-
aches and depression of spirits. My work
had been very trying at time* and indi-
gestion had set in.
"Now I am alv.-ays well and ready for
any amount of work, have an abundance
of active energy and cheerfulness and
mental poise. I have proved to my en-
tire satisfaction that this chance has
been brought about by Grape-Nuts
food.
"The fsct that it is predicted is a
very desirable feature. I have had many
remarkable results in fcedinj? Grape-
Kuts to my patients, and I cannot speak
too highly of the food. My friends con-
stantly comment on the change in my
appearance. I have gained nine pounds
tjnee brpinning the use of this food."
Eleanor Miller, Trained Medical and
Surgical Nurse, 5x5 Jeff, street. Bay
City, Mich.
GRAPE-NUTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ij *&F$r£l&2& samples cf two Eastern manufacturers well
5j| j r ' • I . chased by us at 60 cents on tbe dollar, will be t
I Is \ put on sale to-morrow at crowdybrinsjin§jprice3. •
U / I We suggest an early call, as the best values will
/ / '"*> n °t be long on our counters. They are made of
j3 gdJU? ** ne na i nsoo^T muslins or cambric, trimmed with
"A I fine lace and embroidery. They comprise gowns, •
3 fyv> til/ I chemise, skirts and drawers and corset-covers. I
>£ifilSg^v!Iy_A Dn . A , w^ ris — Made ot bcst soft - bleached mua- J^ c |
v I''^JJ3 GOWNS— Made of best soft bleached muslin, <:c r 9
_ '• II y* vA/v^ i lace .end embroidery vuv.
\ - 1/7 SKIRTS— Made of best muslin, tucked and flX r
" \^l/wr embrr.klery trimmed VJ\*
? £ ''WfV. COUSET COVERS— Tucked and lace trim- 1=^.
i| med UC
'.< SALE TAKES PLACE O'FARRELL-STREET ENTRANCE.
We Will f| nr QJ fi<l P!fma \
Match UUl §huU blOVS
j. Against Any $1.25 Glove for Quality, Fit and Wear.
,» They are made of best quality French kid. two-clasp fasteners, new
Btltched back, all colors, including black, all sizes. Our cbal- Cl fst\
j lenge offering \Di,JJ\J 5
Ask to See Our Ladies' 1)$?^
, $1,00 English Walking Glove. |k>
i. If they were not made In America we could not sell them pvw-t*.
i for Ies3 than %2. "Why not wenr an American glove C| f\f\ ES&3
g when you can get them for (fitted) vtJl»W \l <r s
fin Time of Peace Prepare for War.
In Time of Clear Weather Prepare for Rain.
295 Ladies' HmhraSho f
and Gents' ufnUfnlldSa
Steel rod. Paragon frame, covered with fast-black
Italian twilled cloth, the test fast black cloth manufac-
tured; Congo wood handle, sterling silver fie-
trimmed. Sale price OJL .
UMBRELLAS ON SALE OTAP.RELL-ST. EX-
TRANCE.
Ask to eea our self-opening Umbrellas for Cl E/\
| FfS ESS sit Waists, m
' g Ladies' wool waist, made of best all-wool flannel.
*~ lined, tucked back, full front, new sleeve, flare cuff, de- - ISTt
tachable collars; colors brown, blue, navy, gray, black
and crimson. They 'are wonders for Cl 3C /5/V tj'jtZfaK
_ oi>>jj lliM\'f.I¥I'\
Wonders Never Cease at Rosenberg's! Now It's Nmy (MA. \
f A Silk Waist. W
\ ,,? Ia(1e of h J st sott finished. taffeta silk, the kind that S&i*^*/^
'¦>, will wear and insure satisfaction, ciu^t.-r tuck-- lined &/¦£&<£¦ y
s throughout, new sleeve; colors red, blue, black Cl fIC r-Wifs%\ \'
I and rose O£.yc) Vr'0ti&-iP H
Quality Better! Prices Lower Than Ever! j$
Ladies' Gingham Aprons, n
1 „,. m 1 ™ t«8 f od K Sc ° tch Gingham. hemmed. brown and whitt II
I Our price . ! checks " lou know what > ou hav « P»id for them. J^l^ fe
Ask to see our white aprons, deep hem. extra wide. ................^ So £
«Jw> EV8ry Lady Ukei t0 Fe6t Saflsffed With Har Purchases. I
\ H^tlll G ° i0 Rosenber 9 s ' Whero Satisfaction is Guaranteed, |
I $/!< ' Ivt^ Ladles* Flannelette "Wrappers, made of best Flannelette— 0
ifflll- '&« this season's newest styles and shades— lined, trimmed with B
f ¦jf^f.'-fj *£X braid, epaulette on shoulders ar.d flounce on bet- Cl "" Ci R
-¦•—*. torn, full length and extra width. Our price wi«3U Fvj
Some Early Autumn Offerings. H
i 50c Childrsn's Cashmere Hose Now 25c. r
I Children's cashmere hose, made of thr« finest Australian wool full I
ft length, Swiss ribbed, double heel, double toes, all sizes. If you anticipate &
buying Hosier}' for the fall now is your chance: fOc hose now ">^r *"
HERE'S ANOTHER AND A GOOD ONE. TOO; they look and fee'
like silk, but wear much better. 75 doz. children's stockings, made of verv
finest Egyptian cotton, doublr heel and double toes. Swiss ribbed and verv
elastic, yet do not lose their shape. When other stores set a pric
* as low as this they limit the quantity to each customer We will T> —^ B
, § sell you all you wish to buy at... ADC ;.
I Odds and Ends at Less Than Half. I
Ladies' white J. B. Corsets, made cf best satten.
double side stecis, rustproof front steel. enbri'Ulered tops. /**»'"£)
If you wear a 19, 20 or 21 corset, here's a rare A fir- *>¥"¦.¦?•
chance for you to get a $1.25 corset for *xOo JrCSA'*> L
YOU KNOW* WHAT A GENUINE P. D. TOHSET V^J^'J V
! 13. Well here is the real article In white, many be- ll C ft
;• ing the regular 53.50 corset, in sizes 13, 20 or 2!. U7#- P \ a
¦ s for zf / L V-^^Nrs S
I AND STILL ANOTHER SUMMER CORSET, made \\
I of best imported netting, perfect in every detail. You 7 ,/?• --^ fe
I have paid a dollar for corsets thafr can't equal this cor- / A»MS£T5TrHv» i
set in any respect. They are veritable mag- 3e / #>Xv\0/S
¦ nets for : vJj. I % {S\$;}A- 1^S
7/ie New Corset /s Hfjrkinj a Rsro.'uiion XN^Jl&I ' \ L
in Woman's Form ar.d Figure. i^y\^[ P
Nothing ba'ore has been so eagerly accepted by the 1 sty * '£
m JSr S W823£ le Wnr J U as thc NEW i'MNCESS OK WALL'S "* *
g CORSET, manufactured by the makers of tho celebrated Her MaWf- E
. 3 Corset. It is made of the best coutll. strong, craccfu! and f roirfortnh»e V- P
l will not stretch nor beml; it is positively uncSSSabl^lnTs^aD? aid Is I
_ HERE'SA CHANCE \
Wm FOR HEALTH, THE ADRIENNE BRACE. I
W . T*fy £ O !LT;t a^ Cr . tlr M d ba ? ks or People inclined to stoop that A
8 y^^L ? p »ther complicateil, cumbersome nor expensive It 1
/Km5 a *"y,f^ us^ a^ may be worn with of without a \
t nffl^ 1 1 * as ? a "'d comfort. An Invaluable aid to
1 ¦¦¦^SffiAr/} , 0ffl f e el , rI , 9 .' f K Cto « y Jjlrls - cler fcs and housekeepers, it J
d Y*#¥ : i is especially ben»flci.->.l to sufferers of weak bock an. U
'WHr pulmonary trouble. It can be adjusted to the skirt bv\- K
/^m J5?J- 1 . 1 "' 111 * "'I. tension on delicate organs" of R
/ ¦ *\ y- - AH ]"*£!!? PhysK-'ians recommend them for men A'
/ •> women and children. Colors drab, black and whit* *n I\
erect carriage and health Insured for the small Ci'/iri P
| sum of Oi.yU I
I CORSETS REPAIRED BY EXPERIENCED CORSET PEOPLE. [
I. Joe Rosenberg, -
S/© MARKET STREET, I
a RUNNING THROUGH TO 11 0'FABRELL ST. '' KaU Ord^ Solioitsi |League of the Cross Debaters on Wednesday Even
ing Will Settle Who £ha!S Own Diamond
Trophy Offered by the Archbishop.
YOUNG ORATORS ARE TO MEET
IN FINAL CONTEST FOR MEDAL
oth*r Interesting numbers made up a
programme of rare Interest.
Another lot of travelers' samples and
oda corsets, all colors and sizes, value
from 75c to £4 60, will be fold for half
price and Ie*s. Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutll"
corsctB— flve-hook. spoon steel. . silk
flossed— at 25c per pair. Chester F.
Wrisht. 6 Geary street, corner Keener* •
Special Corset Sale.
BOSTON', Sept. 15.— Fire to-day did $50,
000 damage to the property of J. At Brad
ford & Co.. wood and coal dealers. Tho
Nova Scotia schooner Auriel, lying at
Bradford's wharf, was also burnod and
other property of the value of $5000 de
stroyed.
Fire at a Boston Wharf.
MARCUS DALY, THE
CAPITALIST, IS ILL
Suffering 1 From Heart Trouble and,
His Condition Occasions Much
Anxiety to His Friends.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— Marcu3 Daly,
the millionaire copper mine owner of Mon
tana, is very seriously ill at* the Hotel
Netherland in this city. Mr. Daly arrived
here on the Etrurla a week ago and has
since been in a condition of much suffer
ing occasioning anxiety to -his friends
and business associates. His ailment is
heart trouble. He was reported somewhat
stronger to-day. •¦
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor In
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving In the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. I>on't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery, 408 Taylor street and
CjQ Market street. ?
CHIPPEWA FALLS, Wis., Sept. 15.—
Jleavy rains have raised all the tributar
ies to the Chippewa River and many of
them are overflowing their banks. Sev
eral bridges have been washed away.
Word was brought to the Chippewa Lum
ber Company's office that Shaw dam, on
the Thornapple, had gone out, and the
farmers on the low lands had fled to
safety.
Heavy Rains Cause Floods.
EUREKA, Kans., Sept. 15.— Hamilton, a
town of 300 people, four miles north of
here, was visited by a small tornado late
yesterday. A schoolhouse, a livery stable
and six dwellings were destroyed. Mrs.
W. S. Brown and daughter ¦ and Mrs.
Adam Dawson were Injured. .
At Florence the wind also played havoc.
At Oursler nearly two miles of track on
the Santa Fe road was washed out.
Considerable damage to stock and crops
is reported.
Miles of Santa Fe Track
WashedvOut.
Buildings Destroyed and Nearly Two
TORNADO VISITS TWO
CITIES IN KANSAS
President of France, Acting as Arbi
trator, Renders His Decision
in the Dispute. '
PARIS, Sept. 15. — President Loubet, act
ing as arbitrator in the boundary dispute
between Colombia and Costa Rica, de
cides that the frontier between the two
republics is formed by the Cordillera of
the mountains Betting out from Punta
Mona, on the Atlantic, and crossing
northward the valley from Rio Tarina to
Rio Sibola, then by a line drawn at about
the ninth degree of latitude between the
Atlantic and the Pacific.
Afterward the boundary follows a line
between Chlriqui Viejoa and the tribu
taries of the Gulf of Dulce. ending at
Puenta Buryea, on the- Pacific.
The islands of east and southwestern
Punta Mona, near the coast, belonging to
the Colombia, and those further away
from the continent lying between the
Mosquito coast and the Isthmus of Pan
ama are also Colombian territory as well
as the Islands situated east of the Buryea
Islands and including them. The Islands
west of this point are assigned to Costa
Rica.
LOUBET INDICATES
COLOMBIAN BOUNDARY
Southern Pacific Company, 29 Boulevard
des Italiens, Paris, 14th Aug., 1900.
The Hon. N. P. Chipman, President State
Board of Trade, San Francisco, Cal.
Dear Sir: Professor H. TV. Wiley is the
Chief Chemist of the Agricultural De
partment of the United States. He was a
member of the Jury of Award of Class 60,
which comprises vitlcultural products,
and has acted most efficiently In the In
terests oi" the United States.
The Jury of Award passed a resolution
declaring that "all wines and brandies of
fered for examination bearing an*y label
indicating a false description be excluded
frcm examination or recompense, and the
Director General be requested to have all
such wines at once removed from the Ex
position grounds." Professor H. W. Wi
ley protested against this action upon the
ground set forth in his letter, but In a
modified form the action was sustained,
and the wines, bearing French labels were
refused the right of competition. Subse
quently Professor Wiley secured a modi
fication of this resolution which admitted
the wines to examination and marking,
which is another name for ratins, but
that the markings or rating for such
wines be deposited with the president of
the Jury for such further use as may be
hereafter decided upon. This private
marking: and rating was subsequently ac
complished, and Professor "Wiley inform
ed me that the Cresta Blanca wines rated
up to IS on a scale of 20. and that if these
wines had been admitted to competition
the Cresta Blanca product would have ob
tained the grand prize. Professor "Wiley
further declared that wines of Califor
nia were shown by these ratings to be
excellent wine, there being but two brands
of wines in France superior to the best
brands of California. I call your atten
tion and the attention of the board to the
existence of these ratlngs.and to the fact
that they are in the possession of the
president of the Jury of Award. I will
make an effort to have an official copy of
them obtained and forwar'ded to the
board. The commercial value of these
ratings will be readily understood. While,
in my opinion,' the wines will not receive
medals or recompense, the certified copy
of the ratings by the jury would be of the
highest commercial value.
I beg to call the attention of the board
to the fact that Professor Wiley, Chief
ChemisL to the Department of Agricul
ture, and Professor Rising of the Univer
sity of California have placed the wine In
terest in the State under special obliga
tion. For usefulness in these matters
Professor Wiley has been insistent in de
fending our wines. In my opinion it
would be well -to call the attention of the
Chamber of Commerce to the fact, which
may be briefly outlined as follows:
The Jury of Award. Exposition Unlver
selle. Paris. 1900, declined to admit some
of the California wines to competition
with the wines of the world because they
bore P'rench labels. Subsequently the
same jury authorized irregular rating of
these wines, which rating was filed with
the president of the jury for such use as
he might see Jit to make, ajid for the use
of the Superior Jury when final action
was taken! Publication of these ratings
when they arc obtained, will be of the
highest value to the wine product of Cali
fornia.
I think a resolution of thanks to Pro
fessor Wiley and Professor Rising would
not be inappropriate.
It remains to be noted that the wines
presented to the committee for examina
tion were not from the stock of the Cali
fornia Paris Commission; they were wines
collected by the Department of Agricul
ture. The California Paris Commis
sion does not appear to have. taken any
part whatever in the transaction. Very
truly, yours, -_. ; WM. H. mtt.t^,
Cresta Blanca Wines Receive a Mark
ing Equal to a Grand Prize.
W. H. MILLS WRITES OF THE
VAI/TJABLE WORK OF PROFES
SORS WIXrEY A3STD RISING.
CALIFORNIA WINES
AT PARIS EXPOSITION
Prove to Be of Great Value in the
French Kilitary Maneuvers
at Chartres-
PARIS. Sept. 15.— The manem-erg of the
AUTOMOBILES USED
IN MIMIC WARFARE
Heavy forage and provision auto
vragons are also doinp valuable work for
the commissariat. The roads around
Chartres simply swarmed with auto
cycles, motor cars and wagons worked by
electricity, petroleum and steam. Acci
dents are inevitable, but they have been
few considering: the number of motors.
French army, which have been proceeding
for the rast verk in section form, en
tered their final an<1 peneral stage to-day.
Tho scene of the operations. Le Beauce,
Is the great wheat plain of France. Four
army corps are taking rart in the mimic
warfare. The scene supposes Paris to bo
besieged. A French army frnm the
Fouthwest. advancing to its relief, en
counters at Chartres an army of the
enemy, wnt to hold it in check. The
headquarters of the generalissimo. Bru
pere. are established at Chartres, where
the foreign attaches arc also quartered.
Lieutenant T. Bc-ntley Mott, the American
military attache at Paris, represents the
I nited States. The maneuvers will close
September 20 with a review of HO.OOO
troops by President Loubet at Chartres.
A striking feature of the operations Is
the introduction on an extensive scale of
automobiles In order to secure a practical
test of their military utility. Several of
the generals and most of th'e members of
their staffs have been furnished with fast,
light motor cars, which have prov«»d of
the utmost value. The eeneral's aides de
camp covered unprecedented distances In
a few hours yesterday. General Brugere's
orderly officer ran 170 kilometres in the
morning, making a complete circuit of the
two contending armies and furnishing
General Brugere with full details of the
Eituation by noon.
Where the autocars can be utilized the
use of horses by generals and messengers
would appear doomed.
600 your bosom friend, Gibson's $1 shirt, sold
last week, 1204 Market: handkerchiefs, Sc each*
TO-DAY being the ninetieth anni
versary of the national independence
of Mexico, the local colony of nearly
four thousand members will cele
brate the occasion with all due honors.
The commute** in charge of the affair
promise to make this one of the greatest
celebrations tver held in honor of Mexi
can liberty in this city, and great care
haa been exercised in the preparation of
an excellent programme, which is long
and patriotic-
Odd Fellows' Hall has been secured for
the occasion, and the local Mexicans, to
gether with others from all parts of the
State, will participate in the celebration.
The literary exercises and grand concert
will take place this afternoon at 2 o'clock,
and In the evening there will be a ban
quet and a grand ball. The hall will be
eleganUy decorated with American and
Mexican national colors.
A. K. Coney, Consul General of Mexico,
will be president of the day. Congress
man Julius Kahn will be orator of the
day and A. de la Torre Jr. will read tho
declaration of independence. Mayor Phe
lan will be present at the literary exer
cises and will deliver an address. Gover
nor Gage has also been invited, as we?i as
all tho State and Federal olticials. Fol
lowing is the programme for the literary
exercises this afternoon:
Overture; Installation of the celebration com
mittee; reading of the Declaration of Inde
pendence by A. de la Torre Jr.; "The Stars and
Stripes," by the orchestra; patriotic poems,
read by F. Carranza; "Believe." sung by Miss
Dora Hlnk, accompanied by Miss Irene Syl
vester; address by James D. Phelan; mandolin
and guitar selections by Professors Lombardero
and Calvillo; "Star Spangled Banner," by Miss
Rose Broderick and a grand chorus of seventy
five young ladles and gentlemen; oration In
Spanish by C. F. Jiminez; fancy dance by Miss
L. Bchussel; "The Holy City," by James G.
Fraser; oration in English by Julius Kahn,
orator of the day; "Salut d'Amour," sung by
Miss Andrea Mojica, accompanied on the piano
by Professor A. Slchel; fancy .dance, by Miss
Cora Spear; "La Tempestad," sung by the
Mexican barytone, Antonio Vargas; "My
Dreams," sung by Miss Irene Sylvester, accom
panied by Miss Dora Hlnk.
The following will sing verses of the
Mexican- national hymn, accompanied by
a grand choir of seventy-five ladles and
gentlemen- Edna Adams, Isabel Navar
re te. Sophie Petersen, Soledad Sepulveda,
Joseflna Mesa and Senor Antonio Vargas.
The concert will be under the direction
of Miss A. Mojica. In the evening the
grand ball will be given at 9 o clock.
Following is the reception committee:
A. de la Torre Jr. (chairman), A. K. Coney.
Julius Kahn. Major W. B. Hooper, Louis
Loaiza, A. H. Oeffeney, Albert C. Lo&iza, A.
B. Treadwell. J. M. Torres, E. M. Galvin.
Julius S. Godeau, Gustavo Levy, H. H. North,
Colonel George Btone, J. R. Velasco, F. Loaiza.
Hon. Alexander Campbell Jr., M. Sanchez, E.
M. Navarrete, Alfonso Trillanes, L. Parellon.
Committee of arrangements— A. K. Coney,
Consul General of Mexico, honorary president;
Charles A. Iiaez, president; Gustavo Levy,
vice president; A. de la Torre Jr., secretary:
F. Arteche, assistant secretary; J. J. Arzave,
treasurer.
Executive committee — Dr. A. MaJdonado,
Francisco II. Carranza, Carmen F. Jiminez,
Alejandro Rojo, Raul G. Gallardo, Arturo
Suarez, Anastaclo Montero, Prospero Ksptnoza,
Salvador Villalobos, Vldal D. Medina, M. La
carra, L. F. Jiminez, Estaban Ybarra, Santiago
McManus, Federico Olmedo.
The organization known as the Club
Hidalgo, so called after the George Wash
ington of Mexico, held a ball and con-
An excellent programme of literary and
musical exercises was provided, the
most noteworthy numbers being: Ad
dress In Spanish on the "Declaration of
Independence," by F. Gillcspie; a grand
chorus of fifty voices led by Senorita An
drea Mojiea. and a cakewalk by little
Lupe Carranza and Ben Blanco. Many
cert in "Washington-square Hall last
night. An immense crowd was attracted
by the nature of the affair, which was a
sort of foretaste of to-day's grand cele
bration of the Independence of Mexico.
President Vldal D. Medina saw to the
comfort of his guest and was ably as
sisted in the duty of entertaining by-
Vice President Andres Gonzales, Federico
Glllesple, Miguel Sanchez, Leon Calvillo,
Luciano Mojica, G. van der Raay, Jesus
Garcia, Jesus Meneses and Antonio
Agullar.
FOUR PERSONS WHO WILL TAKE A PROMOTENT PART IN
THE CELEBRATION".
ON* Wednesday evening the final con
test of the League of the Cross
orators for the Archbishop Rior
dan diamond medal will be held
in Metropolitan Hall. Five young
ora'.ors will outline "Practical Plans for
Temperance Work." Kach has been suc
cessful in blf parish contest and later has
carried off the silver medal in his district.
Robert McCarthy represents the first
district, comprising the parishes of St.
P'ter. St. Paul. St. James. St. John
and All Halkiws. He is a member of
Ft. James' Church and is a student at St.
Mary"* CoHeue.
William Weyari'3 is a member of Com
pany L of Minion Dolores Parish and rep- i
resents the second district, compo«r-d of!
Ft. Charles' Mission Dolores. St. Joseph's;
and Bt. Terms.'* parishes.
Jarnes P. (t'lirUn. a member of St. Pat
rick's brand] :-.n<i a graduate of Sacred
H- art College, won The silver med.il in th.»
thir-t district, comprising the parishes of
Ft. Brendan'*. Ft. Mary's (Paulistj St
Bose'a and St. Patrick's,
Richard Behan, also a graduate of
Ma.i>r D C Peasy. P. J. Lnwlor. R. J.
Dowdall. W. Griffin and J. J. Power com
prise the committee in charge of the con
test.
The committee in charge of the affair
has provided a splendid musical pro
gramme in addition. This will close the
series of essays which have been a feature
of the League of the Cross work for sev
eral years past. Tho executive commit
tee of the organization is now at work on
a plan for parochial and district debates.
Admission Wednesday evening is free.
Tickets may he obtained from any mem
ner of the society or at room 87, Flood
building.
Sacred Heart College and a member of
St. Francis* Church, represents the fourth
district, which includes Holy Cross,
Sacred Heart, St. Mary's Cathedral, St.
Brigid's and at. Francis*.
Gerald Lawlor of Company N, Oakland,
represents the fifth district, in which are
all branches outside of San Francisco.
His Grace, Mo6t Rev. Archbishop
Rlordan, will deliver the address and pre
sent the medal to the winner. The
judges will not be announced until the
evening of the contest.
The cliff dwellers are exceedingly wroth
over the situation on the hill and several
conflicts have occurred between them and
Gray Bros.' quarrymen, and the end is not
yet.
The court then adjourned
When they returned Judge Hunt stated
that Mr. Hutchins would visit the place
again next Tuesday, when 'the expert will
nyte carefully the placing of the charges
and the amount of powder in each and
present a report based on his observations
to the court, who will render his decision
in accordance with the engineer's opinion.
"If I find." said his Honor, "that con
tinued blasting threatens the safety of the
property owners on the hill I shall issue
an injunction either to cause the charges
to be reduced sufficiently to render them
too weak to cause inconvenience or, if I
find that this is impossible, I may order
the work to be stopped altogether. While
I feel sure that this morning's demonstra
tion v.as fairly conducted on both sides,
yet I do not care to give an opinion before
hearing expert testimony." •
When the open-air court opened counsel
on both sides were present. Warren Greg
ory and H. Smith representing the plain
tiffs, while Fisher Ames appeared for
Gray Bros. J. P. IJutchings, a mining
engineer, was present to act as expert,
end George Gray directed the placing of
the blast. Counsel on both sides decided
to waive verbal argument and left the
talking to two charges placed thirty feet
apart and containing 2C5 pounds of black
;>owder. Judge Hunt gave the signal and
the court adjourned to the porch of Mrs.
Folsom'a house. With a mighty roar the
charges exploded and several hundred
tons of real estate slid downward. Then
Judge, counsel, plaintiffs and defendants
climbed over the edge of the cliff to see
what it looked like. His Honor and Ex
pert Hutching clambered down the steep
descent with the agility of practiced
mountain climbers until to the watchers
on the top they "showed scarce as gross
as beetles."
Mrs. Mary Folsom, whose home liter
ally overhanca the cliff, and Sidney J.
Nau are tht? chief among the complain
ants, and last Friday they tried, through
Attorney Gregory, to get out an injunc
tion to restrain Gray Bros, from using
more than lifty pounds of powder for a
blast.
Judpc- Hunt, before whom the hearipg
was beld, was shown plans of the neigh
borhood and of the quarry, but this did
not satisfy his Honor as to the exact sit
uation, so he determined to cross the
runieon of Telograph Hill. Yesterday
morning the court visited the scene, and
standing as near to the edge of the cliff
as was consistent, with judicial dignity
and human safety waited to see for him
self just what hapi>ened after a charge
was touched off.
So sang Bret Harte in "Fate," and so
sing the people who have builded their
houses on the rock known as Telc&raph
Kill, at least those who own property on
that portion of the hill which overhangs
the quarry oprrattd by Gray Bros, at
Lombard and Montgomery streets. Kvery
time a blast dislodgrs yreat masses of
rock and .sends them hurtling 200 or 300 feet
down the cliff the dwellers on the summit
have ail kinds of misgivings, and not only
their abodes but their faith in the Scrip
tural advice regarding the erection of
houses on rocks is severely shaken.
Winds have blown, they say, and floods
have come and it never fc-ased them, but
when Qrav Bros, touched off fuses con
nected with heavily charged mines almost
under their very feet, causing the homes
of the cliff dwellers to bhed shingles and
glass and opening fissures in their back
yards, it .seemed that a house on the sand
would Ik: a yreat deal pleaaanter to live
in. "
But the house that was bullded upon the rock
Was swallowed by tho earthquake shock.
junction Proceedings Instituted
Against Gray Bros.' Quarry
Operations.
Practical Testimony Given in the In-
His Honor Holds Court on
the Summit of Tele
graph Hill.
JUDGE HUNT IS
BOMBARDED WITH
POWDER BUSTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1 9OO.
Ninetieth Anniversary of the Independence of the
Southern Republic Will Be Conmmemorated
With Oratory and MmsJc.
MEXICO'S NATAL DAY WILL BE
CELEBRATED BY LOCAL COLONY
CONTESTANTS UJ THE ANNUAL LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
DEBATE.
30
Colored Poplin
A good wearing and stylish fabric with a
soft lustrous finish, made of silk and wool in
the latest shades for street and evening wear,
suitable for waists and suits, exceptional value
Colored Taffeta
Wear Guaranteed
A heavy, all silk, brilliantly finished taffeta twenty-
four inches wide, in all the newest shades for street and
evening wear. We guarantee that this silk will not cut in
the wear and any claim made within three months from
date of purchase will be adjusted.
Panne Velvets
A complete assortment of all the latest fall shades of
panne velvet now on hand and the prices are very mod-
erate for the quality of goods offered.
; Novelty Laces
Our assortment of lace allovers for this season is en-
tirely new and very handsome in Clunie, Arabian, Escur-
ial, Batiste, Venice and Renaissance in black", ecru arid
white; also a beautiful assortment of edges, insertions,
laces and festoon bands to match.
Spangled Robes
For the coming fall season, we are showing many
, extreme novelties in colored spangled net robes, also black
and black and steel, which must be seen to be appreciated.
Yokings and Vestings
This season's assortment of European novelties is the
largest eVer exhibited by any store on this coast in em-
broidered and appliqued chiffon and taffeta yokings also
the newest effects in velvet applique. & '
A special exhibition of the above goods is voio in our vrindows
129 Kearny Street
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
PruggUta, Mo fiaak. Richards ft Co., 4M Claf.
ADVEBTISEMEirrs.
FOUR EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
IN FINE HOUSEKEEPING GOODS?
5 cases EXTRA .QUALITY FINE WHITE BLANKETS,
made Jrom pure Australian wool, full size for lares
double fied. p rice S7.50 Pair
4 cases WHITE MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, extra size
and Yeru fine duality, nandsome designs and hemmed
readu foj* use. Price S3.50 Each
175 pairs NEW IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 12 different
designs; these Curtains are In both white and ecru and
are full 31 uards in length. Price $6.00 Pair
15 cases- VERY FINE QUALITY PRINTED SILKOLINE
COMFORTERS, all new designs, full size and pure
snow-flake filling. Price $1.50 Each
SHEETINGS, TABLE LINENS, CRASHES, TOWELS
and NAPKINS at less .than present price to Import.
NOTE — Our customers in the interior are
requested to write for samples oi OUR NEW
FALL GOODS.
111.' 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I wonderful A
( offer in j
I capes
I The strongest values
I this store has everoffered.
I Elegant Baltic seal capes
I with Astrakan yoke, two
I heads and four tails.
I These capes are made of \
I one piece ( no piecing
5 means better wear and j
better fur). • I
I They are beautifully ) t
lined with heavy black !
satin ; have high storm j i
! collars, and are to be \
sold at a special price to
introduce the stock : f
1 liindia j IO ?0 9
f 16 " « oo ' |
, I i* - ix 50 '
j Aitrakan Capes — An clc-
\ gant cape for winter wear; liced
1 with heavy silk : ,
Ifincha fi: to
x6 " i 5 oo '
j l8 U '7 So |
1 Electric Seal Cafes with
Nutria yoke. Exceptionally
I handsome garments. Lined
' with heavy silk :
14 inches £15 00
,' 16 "fV; 17 50
15 " 2.0 co
Electric Seal Capes with
Persian yoke. Two heads and
four tails. No piecirg and
j t beautifully made. A thoroughly
I representative Licbcs garment:
£" 16 inches £ 15 OO
A? * 8 " -7 50
I Q. LEEBES & COMPANY
j* ( INCOItror.ATEB )
f| 135-137 PostSt., S. F.
W^^TOa"uttLe.
tTme."
Moat complete assortment of
STOVES
in San Francisco, from <
$10.00 to $65.00
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE CO., Ino ,
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
ABOVE SIXTH.
Phone South 14. San Franrtsro.
Cure For
; Eye-Glasses
Whlch'tlp. rip or ?llp. Our new . nosesua'd*-
TT.ey don't pinch— they hold.
Oculists' prescriptions flllpd. Factor* on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPT.CIANs4 rt0T V^~-
¦ 642 Market 5t. i«t» u «ntj
U*DEB CMROMlCLt 3'J't.3'»*&. CATALOGUE if?---
DR.MCMJLTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIA BLE Or.D
1 Specialist c«rej Blood »*«'*>"• """""^¦^rfc
Stricture, Kenilnal Weakness. Impot^icfand their
allied Disorders. KooU on Diseases o ™*'!a*™*-
Ovpr20ycars>xper'ence.T<'rmsre3.'<"n. < ib,e.Hour«i,
Oton<!aiIy;6:30toS.30ev'c^Hund ; iys.lO!nl-.C'<njiul.
tatlon freeand sacredly confldentinl. tall or address
P. RONCOE MeXllTY.M.D.
2GK Kearny St., wan Frauct.sco.Cal.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GKEAT RKSTOi'wVTIVK. INV1GORA-
The'moU 'wonderful «phrod!«tae and Spaelal
Tonic lor tho Sexual Orsan> Jor botn sexea.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABEK. ALFS i BRUNE. Agents.
123 Market «t-. S. F.— (Send for Circular.!
M CHICHE9TER-S ENGLISH
Pennyroyaljills
B _yv-v Original and Only Geaalae.
Hr-7«$L*N9AFE- «i*»T«r«li»bi». L*4lo, uk DttmtH*
> f( V-otyi tor CHlClIESTEll'S KNGLJSa
fo"&S*4rc^M ia KEI» »r.l Caid metallic! bo™., wmlwl
>v —^«;*2 »tth b; M ribbon. Take mo ether. Refbta
M «•* Vsv !>sni«rooi .laU.tllutloa* and lialu.
1 7 - m tUm%. Bay of yonr Dm w tit. or »o4 4e. ia
IV. ** m4 "*R«Her for Ladles" imUntr. brr*.
_X l«r»M*U. 1 •>.«>«»«» T..timon ; »;.. SildSr
„ > 3] Dr «« ll 1 «?- ., Calehcstertbemtrair*;
IfttUos tHUp»c«r. Wadlwo tt^aare. I'll 1 LA.. fH
•OT5TJC!XJl?Q FOR BARBER9. EAK-
mi u btt£,a s^ssss?. t^^
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cmnners
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. sho« factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCnA>AN BROS-..'
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento 5t-Yf-rfca Buer.a Chapter, I'. D.. Order of
:h<» Er.stern Sl^r, at its meeting last
ifR-ht donated SZ) to the Galvc-ston fund.
Did you parade? If to. get the Wasp's
souvenir edition Native Sons' celebration;
ian<3sonjr-ly illustrated; 36 pages. Every
Va.ture photographed- On Bale at all
lewe stands, 2Sc *
Appointed Guarding Inspectors.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed J. Toland, H. 'A. Verney and L,
A. Heincr guarding inspectors at salaries
of $3 per day.
A Golden Opportunity.
To-rr.nrrow there will bo offered by the
Bee Hire Shop Coj as a Mon<lay special
f?. to ST> fhrx* fr, r men and women for Jl S.1
a ;mir. Thf.^e Bboe* are made of the best
v;r i ki'i, v.'stinR tops, latest style toe, in
all sizes, I^miIs XIV heel, to-morrow for
T! sr> h pair at the lUo Hive Shoe Co.. 717
;.:;;rk< t strert. near Third. *
Baptist Church Anniversary.
The First Baptist Church. Eddy street,
near Jones, will celebrate its fifty-first an
niversary to-day. Rev. E. A. Woods, pas
tor of the church, will preach a special
sermon. A programme of music and ad
dresses has been prepared for the occa
sion. .. •
Music at the Park.
Following Is to-day's park music pro
gramme:
Overture. "Die Irrfahrt urns GlucV Pupv«
Concert mazourka, "I.* Czarlne"..'. Ganna
Selection .from the "The Grand Duchess"
OfTonhach.
"The Lton Chase" ....Kolline
"Musical Tour of Europe" Oonra«il
Fantasie from "Faust" Gounod
Selection from "Bellsario" Donizetti
Solo for Barytone— W. II. Colverd.
"Postilion" waltz Fahrbaofi
"Hunt In the Black Forest" Voekler
"Sons of the GoMen West" march Brenner
Bankruptcy Matters.
Guy E. Gross, real estate broker. Santa
Rosa, filed a petition in Insolvency' yes
terday In the United States District
Court. His debts are $13.3^3 05 and he has
$335 assets.
MichalitschTce Bros, and other creditors
of E. F. La Crolx of Salinas filed a peti
tion In the United Statc3 District Court
yesterday to have La Crolx declared an
Involuntary bankrupt. They allega that
he owes them $1000. .
F1«x>r— T. R. Hamilton <rtoor manager), B
Hedstrom (assistant floor manager), J. P. Jar^
vis and R. Ellis.
Reception— William Stewart (chairman) R.
Gillander. Georgre Dow. P. J. Cotton. H. M.
Kelly. John Swan and James Greljf.
Arrangements— II. Duff (chairman). Dr. Slef
kes, H. M. Kelly. B. Jledstrom, R. Ellis. T
R. Hamilton. L. C. J. Perry. William Stewart
Dr. Herrinyton, William Rae and J. W. Ham
ilton.
Vocal selections, quartet. Mrs. Longworth.
Mr. Lonsworth. Mi?s Taubmam, Mr. Jones;
piano solo, Miss May Gardner; soprano solo.
Mls3 Penselly: cornet sblo. Miss Winnie John
s-ton: sons, Mr. Jones; sailor's hornpipe, Mr.
Rentoul: remarks, G. A. McElfresh. H. C. R. ;
duet, Messrs. Long-worth and Jones; recitation.
Miss Cotton; song, Mr. Hansen; cornet solo,
Miss Violet Johnston; duet, Messrs. Kelly and
Marlow; recitation. Master I/loyd Head; trio.
Messrs. Kelly. Marlow and Hansen.
The affair was under the direction of the
following committees:
Court Southern Heights of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters" celebrated the
eighth anniversary of Its institution by an
entertainment, banquet and dance, in
Shiela building. last nlgrht. There were
present about three hundred and fifty
persons. The following waa the pro
gramme of entertainment:
Court Southern Heights.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Lucy M. Hawthorne against Layet A.
Hawthorne for failure to provide, Sadie
Blaekwell against George M. Blackwell
for desertion and Luclnda Vanderpool
against R. F. Vanderpool for desertion.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Money Loaned to Pay for a Mass.
In a complaint filed yesterday by John,
H. Rocho against Patrick McKentia and
Elizabeth Kennedy in the Justice's Court
the plaintiff alleges that the defendants
became indented to him in the sum of
$20 for money loaned for the purposo of
having mass said for the repose of the
soui of the mother-in-law of Patrick Mc-
Kenna; that although able to pay the
money and repeatedly requested to do so
tho defendants havo refused to pay any
part of the $20 loaned by plaintiff.
Exhibits of Health Statistics and
Education and Social Economy
Accorded Recognition.
¦Xa^or Ph<»!ai r p < elved information yes
trv&a? from the California Paris Exposi
tion '''ommiFPlon that th* 1 Kan Francisco
exhibit of statistic? of health and that of
education and" social economy at the ex-
Llon have lif^n awarded silver medals
i > the J!:t*"rnali«nal Jury of Awards.
<""« rtiliratos will bo issued in December
end tho mortals whlrh the Mayor assured
th' < ommfsfioners would b* paM for by
the dty f>( i^aii Francisco, wi'l accompany
Doagtas Tildf-n. the sculptor, of San
Francisco also reccfred a g°ld medal for
his bronze group. "Tho Football Players.'
CITY WINS TWO MEDALS
AT PARIS EXPOSITION
Yerba Buena Chapter.
Yerba Buena Chapter. T,*. D.. Order of
the Eastern Star, the baby chapter of this
order, was officially visited last evening
by the worthy grand matron, Mrs. F. T.
McComas; the grand patron. G. L. Dar
ling; associate grand matron, associat«
grand patron, grand secretary and grand
conductress. There were present about
200 members of the order In GoWlori Gate
Hall, among the number several past
grand officers and officers and members
of all the local chapters. During tho
evening the work of the order wa.< exem
plified for the b*neflt of the visiting offi
cials by the initiation of fourteen candi
dates. Twenty applications for member
ship were presented. After the close of
the meeting there was an adjournment \a
the lower hall, where an excellent banquet
was served.
University Alumni Meeting.
The Alumni Association of the Univer
sity of California met last night at the
Hopkins Institute of Art. It was an
nounced that the Le Conte memorial fel
lowship fund of $10 000, contributed by the
graduates of the university, had been
completed and that out of the Income for
the current year two fellowships had
been created. The appointees are Miss
Alice Robertson, M. S. (Biology), Cand,
Ph. D.. and KniRht Dunlap, M. S. (philos
ophy), Cand. Ph. D.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, Charles S.
Greene, '86, of Oakland; vice president,
H. \V. O'Melveny, '79, of L,os . Angeles;
second vice president, J. D. Mortimer.
1300, of Berkeley; . secretary, James Sut
ton; trustee of the association, T. A. Per
kins, '%; trustee of the Le Conte Fellow
ship Fund, J. M. Whltworth, '72; coun
cilors to Associated Alumni — Miss Kmma
Hefty, Herbert Dam and Rev. W. A
Brewer.
SERGEANT PRICE SUES
FOR REINSTATEMENT
Wants Writ of Mindate Compelling
Commission to Restore Eim to
His Old Rank.
Policy Sergeant William Prire has
t8krn advantage of the supprstion of the
Police Commission and has fil«*d suit for
a writ of mandate to compel the commis-
F^.n to restore him to his old rank at po
lice lieutenant. The oft told story of
Price"* dLsratement fs reiterated in his
•petition for a writ.
On April 19, IK!?. Price wa«= disrated
from the rank of police lieutenant to ser-
F' ar.t. without riRht or reapor.. he allege?.
Subsequf-ntly on many occasions and mor.*
particularly on .he 12th ir.st.. ho de
manded to be relnstaU-d. but the Iioard
of Police Commissioners by an even vote
•':¦ nied his petition. In conclusion Price
prajn 'or judgment as stated.
Though Eminent Physicians Pro
nounce Her Mentally and Physi
cally HI, the Court Believes
Otherwise.
Judge Carroll Cook took occasion yes
terday morning to excuse his action in
peremptorily orderinc Mrs. Xettie R.
Craven to be taken from a bed of paia
and brought to court for arraignment.
The court declared he placed full reliance
in the reports and testimony of Drs. D. U.
Lustig and Theodore Rethers to theVffect
that Mrs. Craven -was able to come into
court. He further said that from his ow;»
observation of the appearance and actions
of the accused, he believed that she wa-j
not only in a physical and mental oonJ'.
tion to come to court without injury to
herself but had she desired could na\e
come Into court alone and unns>!sted.
i On the opening of court Judftp Ooolc
made an order on the treasury for the
payment to r>rs. Lustig- and Retfcen) of
$..-> each for their services in examining
Mrs. Craven. He then expressed hia opin
ion as stated.
NETTIE R. CRAVEN IS
SHAMMING, SAYS COOK
Kinross Wants Custody of His Baby
Because Her Mother Is an
Actress.
William H. Kinross believes a vaudeville
actress Is so environed that she Is an un
fit and improper person to have the cus
tody of a minor child. He expresses this
belief in an answer filed yesterday to the
action for divorce recently Instituted by
his wife, Adejalde Kinross. Kinross de
nies that he has failed to provide his
wife and haby with necessaries of life, as
fhe alleges, but avers that he has always
supported her and their child, I'aullne
Ouida Kinross, as became their station in
life.
Some time ago, he further alleges, his
wife deserted him and went on the vaude
ville stape. For that reason, he says, her
environment Is such that she Is unlit to
have the custody of her baby, and he
asks that the name be awarded to him.
SAYS VAUDEVILLE IS
UNFIT FOR A MOTHER
It Is believed that Kcssler is mentally
deranged.
Enters the Basement of the Palace
Hotel and Slashes His Throat
and Arsis.
Pr*><5 Kessler. who v.as formerly
plojred as a sliver cleaner in the Palace
lioiel, made a desp< rate attempt last
evening to kill him.-eli. He was dis-
I'.aigod from the hotel about a year aj;o
* nd w<»nt to work as a. dishwasher in the
Union League Club.
Yesterday afternoon he walked into the
basement of the Palace and, taking out
a penknife, stabbed hfmseif in the breast
ovpr the heart. Failing to inflict a fata.1
¦wound he slashed his throat and hi«
arms and then lay down to dip. One of
the employes of the hotel discovered h!m
several hours later and had him removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where hip
¦wounds, which are not considered fatal.
¦w*re drespexi by Assistant Police Surgeon
Starr.
CRAZY DISHWASHER
TRIES TO KILL HIMSELF
RUSSIANS WERE
OUTWITTED BY
THE AMERICANS
Colonel W. J. Cotton Tells
How Samoa Was Brought
Back to Nome.
Captain Deceived the Foreigners and
Had the Ship in United States
Waters Before Discovery
Was Made.
«
Among the San Francisco people who
have i^cently returned from the AJaskan j
gold fieids are Colonel W. J. Cotton, a
former newspaper man, J. F. Donoghue.
J. J. Frigars and M. S. Griffith. They
have come home for the, winter, intending
to return to Nome early In the spring
and work their claims, of which they
have several.
Colonel Cotton tells some interesting j
facts concerning the experiences of the
English and American experts who char
tered the steamer Samoa in San Fran
cisco ar.d sailed for Siberia last June for
the purpose of exploiting the concession
granted the Eastern Siberian Syndicate
(limited) of London, on the eastern coast j
of Siberia, Colonel Cotton thinks there is
little doubt that the affair will result
in serious international complications be- :
tween Russia versus England and \
America. :
'•When gold was discovered in such pay
ing- quantities in Nome," said Cotton, "at
tention of capital was attracted to Siberia !
and a corporation organized under the
name of the Eastern Siberian Syndicate,
Limited, of I>ondon, with a capital of one
million shares, par value £1 each The
Eyndicate is; composed of very prominent
English. Russian and American capital
ists. It is rumored that Lord Salisbury
and th© Duke of Fife are iarge share
holder*.
"The Samoa waa chartered by repre
sentatives of the company and sailed from
: San Francisco June. 10. Among the pas
sengers was an interpreter named Me- I
Phfrson. who, although born in Russia,
travels under an English passport. It is
the fe<»linn: among the English and Ameri
cans that more or less of their troubles
were brought about by the interpretation
of this latter individual, as hev.undoubtodly
sympathized with the Russians and bated
th«? others. It was understood by the !
parties representing the English syndicate
that George D. Roberts, the well known
American mining engineer, would be their
l«-ador, as he waa one of the principal or
irnnizers of the syndicate.. Bogdonovich
represented the Russian capitalists and as
thf expedition was going into Russian
waters Bogdonovich was agreed upon as
tho chief while over there. :
•'After arriving on the Siberian coast
and completing a portion of the work
Hr Roberts desired to return to Nome,
to which the Russian strenuously ob
jected, but eventually gave in.
"The Samoa returned to Xome about
July 25 after taking on board the engi
neer? left behind. She steamed out on
the 27th headed for a section of the Sibe
rian coaPt. where the party expected to
meet the Russian gunboat Yakout. Upon
arriving at the appointed rendezvous they,
found the Yakout waiting, but their
reception was not as warm as
iney had anticipated. Bogdonovicn
and his companions went at once on
board, purposely neglecting to invite any
of the Kngush or Americans.
"About August 12 Mr. Roberts again
requested that the steamer be taken to
Nome on September 1, Boguonovicn
absolutely refused, stating that he was
the head of the expedition; ...at he was
also there for scientific purposes in be-
Jiait oi the Russian Government and could
not and would not leave this important
duty for the purpose of transporting Mr.
Koberts to Nome whenever fancy seized
him.
"Xow, Mr. Roberts lias for some years
been in the habit of having his own way
•.•specially when In command of a party'
a-nd this statement by the Kussian made
nim not only indignant, but angry, and
he declared that the Samoa should land
him any old place he desired, as she was
chartered in America and Hew the Amer
ican flag and under these clcrumstancea
no Russian could dictate to him.
"To _<ay this was sta.rtling news Is to
put it very mildly. Captain Johnson on
ihe night of the 14th of August, a very
heavy tog prevailing, turned the ship s
nose toworu Nome.
"On the rollowing morning when the
interpreter came on deck he saw by the
compass which way the ship was heading
and hastening to Captain Johnson, who
was on the bridge, astted where they were
going. The captain replied with tne ut
most sangfroid, 'To Nome.' The inter
preter collapsed and tumbling down tne
stairs announced the news to Bogdono
vich, his chiof. '
".Meanwhile the captain lost no time in
getting the English and Americans to
gether, informing them of what he had
done and advising each man to arm him
self and stand by und see the thing
through. They at once sprang to posi
tions of vantage and, although poorly
armed and few in number, they were
prepared to render a good account of
themselves.
"iiOKdonovich came on deck in a per
fect rage and demanded an explanation.
The ship was by this time in American
waters. Captain Johnson stated that as
he felt responsible for the safety of his
passengers he had determined to take his
ship to some American port for a settle
ment of the question. Here occurred a
dramatic scene, over which it is possiblo
international complications may arise.
"With great dignity, although trembling
with rage, Bogdonovlch, stepping back
drew from his breast a document, "which
to the astonishment of all showed that
he was not only the declared agent of the
Russian capitalists, but officially sent and
was a representative of the imperial Rus
sian Government. As such representative,
he declared, he and his countrymen were
grossly insulted and outraged by being
kidnaped from Russian waters.
"Mr. Roberts and his friends were taken
greatly aback and instantly realized that
serious complications stared them in the
face. However, it was too late to back
out now. The Cossacks, although pre
vented from obtaining arms, wanted to
fight, so steam was crowded on and in a
short time the ..amoa dropped her anchor
off Nome, near the United States infan
try barracks. The captain went ashore,
and, explaining the case to Major Evans,
a file of soldiers under command of Lieu
tenant Knudson was sent on board and
the English and American contingent
came ashore, but the Russians were not
permitted to land. Later the ship was an
chored under the guns of the revenue
cutter Manning ana the. soldiers were
sent ashore.
"A court of inquiry was at once held and
after due deliberation it was ordered
that tho Samoa, under the escort of tho
Manning, should take the Russians back
to Siberia and turn them over to tlie
Yakout there. The Samoa Is to return to
Nome, pick up Mr. Roberts and his party
and take them to San Francisco.
"Aiiprehe-nsions are felt as to how the
Russian officials will act, once they get
the American ship in their waters.
"AH sorts of overtures have been made
to Bogdonnvich in the endeavor to smooth
over matters, but he refuses to be pla
cated. He is determined to at once report
the matter to the Russian military attache
at Washington, who. he says, will see
that the honor of Russia Is upheld «Cnd all
rights for mining in Siberia by the East
ern Siberian Syndicate withdrawn."
Chief Engineer Holmes Objects to
Filling In of Foot of Spear
Street.
Commissioner Manson of the Board of
Public "Works received a letter yesterday
from Chief Engineer Holmes of the Har
bor Commission, in which he states that
if the city should fill in its portion of
the foot of Spear street he would advise
the commission to receive from the city
government an agreement : to keep tho
wharf in repair during such construction,
and to indemnify the State against any
damages that might occur during such
time. The solid bottom in tho vicinity
of the street is shelving- and any nllins
that might be made would tend to dis
place large quantities of mud, not only
tilling the adjacent slip, but would dis
place the standard piles in the adjacent
structure. Holmes says the Harbor Com
missioners, under section 2342 of the Po
litical Code, would have the right to st<:p
any such construction unless the condi
tions referred to were agreed upon.
The Board of "Works will adhere to it*
original intention, announced two months
ago, to construct a plank roadway on tho
city's portion of. Spear-street wharf.
CITY WOULD BE HELD
LIABLE FOR DAMAGES
bollc acid at a drug store on the corner
of Geary and Devi sad ero streets. Thi*
bottle was missing when the house was
searched and it was assumed that she
disposed of the same after pouring its
contents down the throat of her babe.
A motive for the crime was also estab
lished by ;hf> prosecution. Mrs. Adams
had do<=ertf-d her husband and was living
'•• Hl'rlt ro'-'^'Ts'i'o with Jnbp "my .t
drayman. While living with Gray the
<-i.i.u v. as Uorn. l'iiia..y sne •m.-rrvit a
with <3rny and ho went away. During
Cray's absence Mrs. Adams received a
letter from her husband stating that he
was willing to take her back and would
support her nnd their two children, but
refusing to maintain little John Richard
Gray. The removal of the child was the
only remaining obstacle to a reconcil
iation with her husband, if she was (o
accept his offer. Thus she planned the
murder and according to the prosecution
she took the babe from its playthings
carried him into an outhouse and forced
the poison clown his throat. Then sho
raised the alarm that her child had been
accidentally poisoned. Circumstances
were against her, and she must pay the
penalty.
RS. MINNIE ADAMS, convicted
vWw °^ t * ie mur<^ er °f her infant son,
li J"A\^.^ olln Richard Grav. was sen
tenced to life Imprisonment in
Fan Quentin prison by Judge Lawlor yes
terday. Mrs. Adams evinced no emotion
wh'-n sentence was passed upon her, al
though she betrayed surprise when a new
trial was denied her.
The crime for which Mrs. Adams must
pass the remainder of her days in San
Quentin unless the Supreme Court Inter
venes attracted widespread Interest at
the time of Its commission. John Rich
ard Gray, her baby son. died in agony in
her home in March of 1899. Investigation
proved that the child had died from car
bolic acid poisoning and suspicion rested
on the mothfr. She was arrested and al
though stoutly proclaiming her innocence
was charged with murder. During the
trial Mrs. Ad.im< sov.ght to establish her
contention that the youngster, while "play
ing In the home yard, found a flaFk which
contained the poison and drank it.
It was proved, however, that on the
night preceding the murder the fiendish
mother had purchased a bottle of car-
Miss A. A. Dnffy, assigned to addi
tional class in the Peabody School:
Miss M. A. Sollins, to additional class
in the Bernal Heights School; Buena
Vista School, additional class, teacher
not selected; Hawthorne School, addi
tional class,, teacher not selected;
Haight School, additional class,
teacher not selected. — School Board's
action to relieve crowded condition of
schools.
As a result of the first inspection made
of schools reported by Superintendent
Webster to be in a congested condition the
Board of Education yesterday decided to
establish an additional class in each of
five schools in the Mission district, namely
Peabody, Bernal Heights, Hawthorne.
Haight and Buena Vista schools. This
will necessitate the appointment of five
additional teachers, and two have already
been selected. Miss A. A. Duffy, who was
consolidated out of the Peabody School,
will bo reassigned to a class of fifty pu
pils which are to be transferred from the
Marshall Primary, found by the board to
be overcrowded. Miss M. A. Rollins, who
was consolidated out of the Henry Du
rant School, will be assigned to the class
to be formed out of the overflow in the
Bernal School. This class will be estab
lished outside of the scnool Other schools
Which will in all likelihood be equipped
with additional classes include the Buena
Vi=ta Hawthorne and HaiKht schools and
nos^lbly the Fairmount. As two vacant
classrooms are to be opened in the Haight
School two extra teachers may be ap
pointed. Other schools in the district may
require additional teachers and if so will
l,e provided by the board. The full list of
appointees will be announced at next
Wednesday's meeting.
Chairman Mark says that the congestion
was practically as Superintendent Web
ster has reported it. though found in some
cases to be exaggerated. Superintendent
Webster explains by saying that the at
tendance may have been lighter on Fri
day but the enrollment would be the
spnYe The Marshall Primary was crowd
ed 'and results in an extra class in the
Peabodv The Fairmount was found not
crowded, but if the classes fill up a va
cant room will be utilized. The average
attendance at the Bernal was 4o, but on
account of the mixed grades it is deemed
evnedient to form another class. The
Hawthorne is not crowded, and a. vacant
classroom could accommodate 45 pupils.
In the Columbia School some pupils have
no desks, but they were all sitting on some
kind of seat, Mark said, though he de
nied a rumor that some were sitting on
soap boxes. The school is congested in
the primary grades, and fifty pupils will
be transferred, with the' option of attend
ing tho Hawthorne or Haight. either of
which will have an additional teacher.
manv applications have been denied at the
Buena Vista School that an outside room
will be rented and. an extra teacher ap
pointed. The Agassiz Is in cer
tain classes and the overflow will be sent
to the Hawthorne, Haight or Edison, as
P Krk d say 3 e 'that all pupils attendfng the
Horace Mann have desks and the enroll
ment is 9S4. or 32 less than last year, with
the same number of teachers. One hun
dred pupils of the advanced eighth grade
will go to the High School at Christmas,
but no further disturbance of the classi
fication will be made. ¦¦ \
To-morrow the board will visit the Ev
erett Douglass. Crocker, Dudley Stone,
Hamilton and other schools in the vicin
ity and it is almost certain that at least
two additional classes will be formed.
Mark's Annual Report.
Chairman Mark filed his annual report
for the fiscal year ending June 30. 1900.
with the Mayor yesterday. In his report
Mark refers to the chanpres inaugurated
by the charter in the -administration of
the - department. He considers the
centralization of authority in the princi
pals and the > increased supervision of
schools to be In the nature of Improve
ments. The rf port says:
The board has abolished special privileges
for the reason that the department should be
considered a unit.' What Is of real worth for
one school should also be of value to another.
This has led to the introduction of special lines
Mark Promises That All Teachers
Appointed Will Be Employed by
the Priority of Service
System.
Board of Education Finds
Additional Classes
Necessary.
TEACHERS TO
BE RESTORED
TO POSITIONS
of instruction, to make them uniform in all
schools, thereby giving equal rights and privi
leges to all.
The board Intends to formulate a plan and
adopt it. which' will settle, once and for all.
the method of electing teachers into the de
partment when needed. The charter provides for
civil service, but this plan cannot apply to the
School l>erartment. as teachers are properly
certified and have already passed one test, in
either graduating from the university, the
normal school or having secured their certi
ficate ur-on examination.
The question of promtlon of pupils from grade
to grade should, in a properly supervised de
partment, be left entirely with the principal
and class teacher. However, opinion on this
question is somewhat divided, and the board
has adopted a conciliatory measure, thereby
excusing certain puptls who are honorary and
recommended from examinations, and examin
ing others, allowing th« year's standing to
count for one half and the examinations of the
board to count for the other half, thereby ad-
Justing the matter fairly for all.
The most important work that the board ha»
accomplished Is the adoption of a new course
of study for four years. After most careful
consideration It was finally agreed to change
the present nine years' course of study of the
primary and grammar schools to an eight
years' course, thus following the plan adopted
by nearly all of the large cities of our union.
Manual Training.
The following figures show the extent of the
introduction of manual training: Number of
centers cr laboratories. 7; total approximate
cost of equipment, 16000; number of special
teachers tall highly qualified to perform the
work), 6; number of schools sending boys, 31 :
number of boys taking manual training 1 , about
2000.
The following: figures show the extent of the
Introduction of domestic science: Xumber of
centers or laboratories. 7; total cost of equip
ment. J2220: number of special teathers (es
pecially qualified to perform the work), 5:
number of schools sending eighth grade Ktrls,
."0: number of j?irls taking cooking. 1200.
The board intends to purchase out of the
revenue of this fiscal year $2000 worth of indl
tent books and $1000 worth of supplementary
hooks. It is hoped that during? the cominp
year more money will be expended for this
most worthy purpose.
In order that a small number of books can
reach a larsre number of children the board in
tends to establish distributing centers In various
parts of the city. The principals of the schools
f elect p<3 ss centers w"ill b^ rospo risible for the
, proper distribution and care of the books, anil
[ each principal will be responsible for the fur
ther care of the supplementary books used in
his school.
The extra expense of administration
Imposed by the n^w charter, payable
out of school fund for fix months $10,056 37
Payment of water bills, heretofore
paid out of general fund for six
months 6,240 00
tlG,236 37
Introduction of upeclal lines of work
and other extra expenses incurred—
Introduction of manual tralnlne (ap
proximately) JS.000 00
Introduction of cookine 2.220 00
Placing: new shnrtes in all school build
ings 2.6S3 78
Improvements on Lnfayette School, de
stroyed by flre 1.500 00
Purchase of indigent and supplemen
tary books 4.000 00
Total additional expense J33.70O 13
Promotion by Priority.
Perhaps the incident which is of most
vital importance to teachers already in
the -department is involved In the asser
tion made by President Mark yesterday
that all teachers appointed now will be
employed in the priority of service sys
tem. To teachers this means the only just
method of promotion. It was absolutely
and unfailingly. followed by the predeces
sor of this board, and when it was over
thrown The Call showed the evil which
resulted. Favoritism and scandal took the
place of merit, and women who had been
in the department less than two months
were advanced by favor to stable posi
tions, while women without a pull or in
fluence were relegated to the unasslgned
list without pay.
The Call exposed this traffic, and now
President Mark says that priority of ser
vice will govern advancement. He says
there will be no more consolidation of
teachers out of the department and the
congestion of schools will be relieved.
THOMAS CRONIX, formerly a coach
•nan for Sanders & Johnson, Phelan
II building, has been for some nights
terrorizing residents in the vicinity
of the Masonic Cemetery by his peculiar
actions. The man's mind is unbalanced,
and yesterday' morning he made a des
perate attempt to kill himself at the cor
ner of Masonic and Central avenues. Leon
Straus?, who lives in the neighborhood,
saw him attempt to butt out his brains
against a tombstone, and tried to capture
him.
Cronin ran to the corner, where men
were working on tombstones, and, seizing
a hammer, tried to batter his brains out.
He 'threw away the hammer, seized a
chisel and cut himself seven times on the
scalp with it before he was disarmed. He
was so violent that it took the combined
strength of fourteen men to hold him
down until the patrol wagon arrived from
the O'Farrel-street station.
Cronin was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where his wounds were stitched and
dressed. He was then locked up in a
padded cell and a straltjacket put on him.
He had been coachman for Sanders &
Johnson for four years, but was dis
charged about three weeks ago owing to
his peculiar actions. He had been room
ing at the Soto House, but spent moat of
his nights wandering around the cemetery
and tearing the wits out of people in the
neighborhood.
Stockholders and Directors
Quarrel Over Dilhan's
Dismissal.
Board Issues Stock to Circumvent
the Captain's Friends, Who Axe
Now Preparing to Go
to Law.
There Is a merry war on In the San
Francisco Riding Club. The stockhold
ers of the club and the few left over di
rectors are exchanging compliments and
there is likely to be an appeal to. the
courts before the disturbing matters are
finally adjusted.
The light revolves round the war
scarerd Captain Dilhan, founder of the
club, stockholder to the tune of 330 shares
and former riding master of the elite.
The trouble started some few weeks ago.
The captain was given a three weeks'
leave of absence, but at the expiration of
his vacation, instead of receiving, a wel
coming glad hand,' he got a frigid note,
setting forth, that his services were no
longer required. Dilhan, however, is not
the man to accept defeat meekly. He ap
pealed to his friends, the stockholders,
and they put In a petition praying that
the former riding master be reinstated.
The board paid no attention to the ap
peal—although the petitioners represented
445 shares, more than one-half of the 775
shares, which constituted the original is
sue of the club.
Indignant at the treatment they had re
ceived at the hands of the directors, the
stockholders consulted Attorney John J.
Barrett. Barrett's lirst bit of advice was
to have the books of the club examined
and that advice was faithfully carried
out yesterday.
The examination of the books was an
eye-opener to Dilhan'-s friends, who found
that, on Friday, without the formality of
calling a meeting and putting the matter
to a vote, 4o0 extra shares of San Fran
cisco Riding School stock was issued, the
same being: bought up by George Quarre.
an employe of J. Dalzelle Brown, one of
the club's directors.
"It's this way." paid an Indignant stock
holder last evening, "the four directors
intend to run the club to suit themselves
and by owning 400 extra shares they couid
do so, fur they would represent the ma
jority in all club matters. But that
stock was not issued legally. There was
no meeting called and the matter was
not put to vote.
"The riding club has not been very pros
perous of late," went on the stockholder.
"Members have been dropping off and
those who still remain have been giving
but little attention to club matters. In
fact, this inattention has been so marked
that there was not enough interest in
club matters to get "up an election and in
default of one the old directors held over.
And now onlv four of the required eight
are fulfilling the duties of their office— J.
Dalzelle Brown, secretary; W. B. Chap
man, president, and Directors Flourno>
and Buckingham. Director Sam Knight
Is In Nome, Mips Farquharson is abroad,
Mrs. Fannie Lent, annoyed by the con
tinual petty quarrels, has resigned, and
Mrs. Hooper, who is suing the club for
the death of a valuable horse, has also
resigned. However, in spite of all the
misfortunes the club has suffered, the
stockholders are determined to once
again put the ciub on its feet and win out.
With this end in view we intend to force
a meeting of the directors and have that
400 extra share issue recalled. If we are
not successful with the directors we shall
bring the matter into court."
The San Francisco Riding Club, ai
thoiiKh it has all the swells on its mem
bership list, is not a purely social organi
zation. It combines business with pleas
ure. All the business of the club is sup
posed to be attended to by the stockhold
ers. Members are only entitled to the
privileges of the club.
The club is also in a prosperous condi
tion and has 71S00 in its treasury.
RIDING CLUB
SWELLS ENGAGE
IN MERRY WAR
Mrs. P. Walewski, a Polish woman re
siding at 730 Vallejo street, committed sui
cide last night by shooting herself through
the heart. Her husband and son had left
her two months ago and when her purso
¦was empty and the cupboard bare sho
laid the ashes of her dead daughter be
side her and fired a fatal shot. Little ia
known of the woman and her family, ns
they came from Chicago almost destitute
but a short time ago. She left a note.
which could not be Interpreted, and this,
with her body, was taken to the Morgue.
About three months ago Walewski, hi.-*
wife and ltj-year-old son came here from
Chicago. Two weeks later the son disap
peared. Where he went no one seems to
know, but it is presumed that he found
employment somewhere Only another
week had passed when the father passed
out of the dingy apartments and was not
seen afterward. The neighbors think he
went to work in Oakland.
Since the. departure of her husband. Mrs.
Walewakl has given little information to
any one. She was very poor and lived
alone. Charitably Inclined people kept
the wolf from her door. Last night about
7 o'clock she called to A. Marchlewicz.
who occupies a room adjoining ners, and
complained that the boys were making
much noise In the street. He replied t<»
her that such a thing could not be avoided
and their conversation ceased. He heard
her turn the key in the lock and soon
afterward was startled by two reports
from a pistol. He heard a slight move
ment In the room and then another shot.
Other occupants of the building heard th«
same thing and Police Officer Jamea Ward
was called. The oi.icer found the door
locked and broke It In.
Mra. Walewski lay on the bed. Shrs
grasped a smoking pistol In her right
hand and to her left lay a casket con
taining the ashes of her daughter Lucili.
who died In Chicago. The pistol used wa.i
a cheap thlrty-eight-caliber weapon anl
a bullet from one of Its chambers ha. I
passed through the woman's heart. On
a table dose by was a note which had
been penned by her. but it has not yet
been Interpreted.
There were two bullet holes m the wall
at the head of the bed. Both holes wero
powder burned. This fact caused Deputy
Coroner Brown to oall Detectives George
McMabon and Ross TVhlttaker into rh*
case. It is probable, though, that Mr?.
WalewBkl turned the weapon against tho
wall to test It. then placed herself in a
reclining position and ended her exist
ence. She was about 40 years of age.
Police Batter Down Door and Find
Woman Lifeless With a
Bullet Through
Her Heart.
Beside Her Child's Ashes
Mrs. P. Walewski Shoots
HerselH
PENNILESS AND
DESERTED WOMAN
ENDS EXISTENCE
SSenator Fairbanks and Hon.
F. E. Holloway Guests
of Honor.
Union League GJub Gives Th»m In
fc formal Luncheon — Campaign
Slovetaents of Candidates
ar.d Speakers.
An Informal reception nnd luncheon teas
; .von to Senator C XV. Fairbanks and
] [on. F. E. Hoiloway by the Union league
Club at 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon,
ricny proir.tr.r-iu Republicans gathered In
-he c!v.broomF r.t the Palace Hotel to
f rcet the distinguished guests.
Seated with Senator Fairbanks and Mr.
Mellow-ay at table were the following
i-.amed members of the club anu invited
tuest*: Senator George C. Perkins. Con
gressman Julius Harm. Colonel George
i>tone. iienut .->r W. M. Cutter. Colonel
(iecrge H. PJppy. Colonel John P. Jack
wn, Joseph S. i?i;ear Jr.. Judse Van R.
1'aterson. Judpe w. C. Van Fleet, Samuel
II ShortridiTi-. A. G. Booth, president of
the Union League Club; Walcefield Baker
fend 11. IK L«ov« '.and.
Senator Fairbanks and Mr. Holloway
leit at 2:45 v. m. for San Jose, where
they spoke last night at the opening rally
of the campaign in the Garden City. They
were accompanied by Colonel Stone,
'.Vakrfiild Baker. Joseph S. Spear Jr. and
< ¦ontriv^iriE.n Loud.
The distinguished visitors from Indiana
v.-ill be entertained at luncheon to-day at
the home- of Charles N. Felton at San
Mateo. and v.-ill then return to San Fmi
ci?co to take the 7 o'clock train for Port
land, where both Senator Fairbanks und
Mr. Hollorray are billed to speak.
Hon. SamuU M. Shortridpe will speak
et Fresno next Thursday r.lsht and at
l'.ak»-i>:ield the following night.
Frank 1.. Coombs left yesterday after
r.o<->n to take up active campaign work in
support of his candidacy for Congress
man from the First District. He will dt
!:v^r bis Sir.-t speech of the campaign at
< \ • !••, Slendocino County. Monday night.
The Gennaa Republican Club will hold
a rally at Metropolitan Temple next Fri
day nl£ht. l»r. K. Markbreiter of <"hl
i ; ;^o. a noted German-American orator,
•will deliver the speech of the evening, in
$k rerman.
¦y The Republican State Central Commit
t« ••¦ will n^xt week carefully route the
takers that it has at its disposal.
! ». M. I>'lmas openwl the campaign for
the Democrats at Los Angelas last night.
il- will tour the State somewhat later.
king at thn principal cities, and will
. : ee the campaign in San Francisco.
Amonar other speakers thai the I>emo
crata mruX have in the field will be Stephen
Z'i. IV] .*.«', Hon. C. A. Town?, ex -(.lover nor
I . W. II. Alford. Frank Gould and
1'iar.k J. Heney.
J..» D. Bproul. r><*m«cratie candidate for
Cet»gn ss in the S^nnd District, opened
hia campaign at lr.yo Friday night, and
be Bpoke 'a^t night at Bishop. In the «ame
county
Col >ne| G^or.^r- Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee, has
sent a rvply to the proposal by Senator
J. C. Bias, chairman of the Democratic
State Central Committee, for a joint de
bat« brivieen leading champions of th<»
t-m-rt parties. The rep!v t;at»s that the
executive committee considered the sug
gestion and Welded against it. "as expe
r:-r. ..- in former campaigns had demon
strated that such delates had not added
c:t--: i\- to either party, and the practice
Is n ionger considered profitable to either
" in the conduct of a political cam-
PROMINENT MEN
AT TABLE WITH
NOTED VISITORS
CRAZY COACHMAN TRIES TO END
HIS EXISTENCE IN A GRAVEYARD
Butts His Head Against a Tombstone and Then
Batters His Skull With a Hammer and a
Chase! Until Overcome by Spectators.
LIFE IMPRISONMENT IS THE
SENTENCE OF MKS. MINNIE ADAMS
Judge LawSor Punishes Fiendish Mother Who
Murdered Babe That Stood in the Way of
Her Returning to Her Husband.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
DEMENTED TVTATT WITH A SUICIDAL MANIA.
WOMAN CONVICTED OF MURDERING HER BAB
Two Years for Walters.
' • "Walter Walters, the Santa Rosa coun
terfeiter, was sentenced yesterday by
United States District Judge de Haven to
two years' imprisonment in the peniten
tiary at San Quentin and to pay a fine
of $100. . ' . .
Esstern Star Assists.
ftC'wj'^l fr"^ rf^. ~'"~
Pases 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40TUXEDO PARK, N. Y., Sept. 15.— In
the Tuxedo Golf Club play to-day the 36
hole medal play handicap was the only
event. For this contest a silx-er trophy
was presented by Thomas Stokes, who
named it the mountain cup. Out of/ the
sixty-sryen who entered for this ovent
thirty-three finished. Travis did not start
in the contest. C. M. Hamilton of Bal
tusrol and Embers of Yale were the
scratch men who took part in the play
and the former won the gold medaf for
the best gross score and the tronhy went
1°^;^! » IIoesr o« the Home Clvb, who
had the best net score.
Golf at Tuxedo.
LOCAL TEAM
VICTORIOUS IN
FIRST GAME
Dudes Could Not Stem the
Tide and Lost the Match
Gracefully.
Old Fanatic From Oakland Has Some
thing- to Say About the Manage
ment and Players of
Ewing's Team.
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Mosktfnan 3, Fitzpatrick
1. Two-base hits-Hardle. Krug. Fitzpatrick
Sacrifice hit-Fitzcatrick. First base on e£
f OI^- S^ n Francisco 1. First base on called
balls— Pan Francisco 1. 'Oakland 1. Left on
bases-San Francisco 6, Oakland 5. Struck
out-By Fitzpatrick 1. Hit by pitcher-Brock
hoff. Double play— Drennan to Francka.. Timo
or «mp-l:<5. Umpirc-i-H. Smith. Official
ecorer— J. IV. Stapleton.
Totals 33 6 7 4 27 13 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 0-1
Base hits 0 0 0 13 0 0 10-5
Ean Francisco 0 0 0 0 1 3 0 1 •_ -
Base hits .M 1' 0 0 12 1 1 »_V
AB. It. BH. SB. PO A V
?Brockhoff, cf ..3 0 0 2 10 ft
Hildebrand, rf 4 0 1 1 J 00
Schwartz. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 2 1
Pabst. lb 3 10 0 10 3 0
Sullivan, c 4 2 1 0 2 in
Levy. If 4-1 i*o 3 0-0
KruR, -s. e 4 1 2 1 3 •» X
Keilly. 3b „. 4 0 10 1 an
Fitzpatrick, p. 3 0 1 .0 3 l 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Drennan, cf 4 0 l i 3 i n
Hutchlnson. lb 3 0 0 0 7 ¦> o
Krancks, s. s 4 0 1 0 ' 1 4 n
Arrellanes,. 2b 4 0 0 0 "> 1 n
Moskiman, p 4 '0 0 0 1 4 a
Bowman, -If. 4 0 0 0 2 1 V
Held, 3b 3 110 3 0 2
Mangerina, c 3 0 0 0 1 1 i
Hardie, rf 3 0 2 0 4 00
Totals 32 1 5 ~\ 24 14 "4
OAKLAND.
The old man was sore. For five innings
the Brummels played good baseball. Then
they played very bad baseball and what
might have been a victory ended in an
other defeat, Mosklman, who has. been
put upon the slab quite frequently of late,
twirled for the Dudes. Seven hits were
all that the pretzel stickmen amassed and
they were not bunched, yet five men were
sent over the plate to gladden Hank's
th*!** Ij VEf* ln ning the Dudes rolled out
™£ e rg£ o< i W?' but only secured a single
run. The fielding made the difference
3 l K e »u fth innin E th e ice was' shattered
£ nd u b £ th l , eams scored once - A single
H £ I< l and < £ two-bagger by Hardie gave
the Dudes their only run. Krug scored
for the local team this inning, tielng the
score. After advancing to third on an
error of Held, a steal and a hit by Relllv
ji e at 6 e co t r o ed S t°a n v;' H hC ch ; s «: poor throw to th «
The game was won in the sixth, when
three runs by Frisco made Oakland a fit
morgue subject. Pabst reached the first
baghecause Mosklman couldn't put them
over and another error by Held of Sully'a
hit sent Pabst to third. Then Levy hit
an easy Infield fly which was fielded
badly, allowing Pabst to score. A two
bagger by- Krug allowed Levy and Sulli
van to course the bags without any dan
ger of being jailed for theft. In the eighth
Sullivan scored again. T>*" "
A pretty catch of a foul fly by Bowman
*ti r £ n a 8ainst the red flag, carrying it
with him. was the feature of the game.
"Will he ever get a team together?" the
fanatic asked himself. "Here he is ex
perimenting at this late day in the sea
son. Ix>oU. at that man on third. Held's
his name, but he's a. running piece of
irony on his patronymic. Just because he
pocketed the high ones in right Ewing
lias brought him to third. Oh. well, it's
no use; some men will never learn base
ball. Then there's Pop Hardie, a sticker
of ability. See where he is placed on the
list Last! Wouldn't that make you cry?
•Dudes,' they call them. Well, it's a good
piece of nomenclature. Do they ever do
anything?"
The fanatic from Oakland sat in the
grand stand yesterday afternoon at Rec
reation grounds and he murmured and
he mumbled all through the ei^ht and
one-half Innings of play. For five rounds
he .smiled with a reservation of joy that
feared to mock itself. Then the tears
streamed down his face and his pain wag
great as he caught sight of Cal Ewlng
leaving the grounds. What he said about
the Oakland manager must have made
Ewlng's ears tingle.
San Francisco 5, Oakland 1.
San Diesro. CaL. has a lemon rrov* cov
ering 1000 acres. It Is said to bo the
largest in th© world. It was begun in 1S00
with 170 acres.
Rainbow Wins.
NET7 YORK, Sept 15.— Cornelius YanM
derbllt's 70-foot Bloop Rainbow won the^
Atlantic Yacht Club's race to-day for the
handsome silver cup offered by Former
Commodore F. T. Adams, beating August
Belnumfs Mlneola by 51 seconds, after
one of the hardest contested races of th«
season.
RE-ENTRY FLYCASTING
CONTESTS AT STOW LAKE
Everett Carries Off the Honors of the
Day in All the Class
'Events.
The cla£3 re-entry contests of the San
Fraaclsco Flycastlng Club began yester
day afternoon at Stow Lake. Everett car-
Mr. Mansfield returned from the East
in the early part of tho weak. The day
before arriving at Chicago he was taken
seriously ill and has not yet fully recov
ered. Although almost prostrated, he en
tered the events of the first day o£ th©
tournament, but on the second day was
compelled to abandon further effort and
was unable to enter fn the lonir-distaneo
ovent. Because of Mr. Mansfield's Illness
the team contest between the Eastern and
Western teams could not be completed and
all teams withdrew, the event being
called cff.
ried off the honors of tho day In every
class. The tabulated results are:
FAST HARES SET
A LIVELY PACE
FOR THE HOUNDS
Long Goes and Good Cours
ing in the Run-Bown
at Union Park.
Ingleside Club Files Suit Against Its
¦ Eival, but Does Not Ask
That Union Be Closed
To-Day.
The Union Park Coursing Association
will run oft, its advertised stake to-«ay
without fear of legal interference on the
part of its rival, the Ingleside Club. As
predicted, suit was filed yesterday in the
Superior Court by the Ingleside Associa
tion against the Union Park management,
praying for judgment restraining the de
fendant from holding- coursing meetings
between certain dates and thus compell
ing them to live up to an alleged agree
ment entered Into by both parties In June
last.
The case has been assigned to Judge
Hunt for trial and, will be heard to-mor
row.
The Union Park Club claims that the
only agreement with Ingleside was that
the alternate date plan would be given a
trial; that soon after it was Inaugurated
dogmen complained that with only one
park running the stakes were so few that
it made business unprofitable to them and
to better serve the interests of leashmen
the asociation felt that the alternate date
plan should be discontinued. The Union
people declare that they have lived up
to the arrangement, that Is, they have
tried the plan and found that It was detri
mental to coursing interests. The talk of
restraining them had little effect, though
the people of tho big park were evidently
prepared to offset' any attempt to close
them down.
William Thompson of Ingleside said
yesterday that his association would en
deavor to force the other side to continue
the alternate date idea on what It termed
a plain agreement betwen the two man
agements. He declared that action was
deferred until Monday In order not to "tie
up" the owners whose dogs are entered in
the Union Park stake, as it would be
against coursing Interests and be an in
justice to those who are not directly con
nected with the main Issue.
The rundown of the open stake at
Union Park yesterday was productive of
good coursing. The Merced hares made
hard work for the hounds and the relief
dogs were called on In eight of the goes.
Sleigh Bells beat Snapshot at 7 to 1, St.
Michael beat Little Sister, 2 to 1; Santonin
beat Risky Attempt, 3 to 1; Victor Queen
beat Athena, 4 3 to 1; McKinley beat Chi
cago Boy, 2 to 1; Minnie Wa Wabeat King
Cotton, 4 to 1; Bad Boy beal Silver Cloud,
2 to 1; Lily "Wright beat Imperial. 5 to 1;
Norah beat Wild Tralee, 2 to 1; Royal
Anne beat Bona Fide,*5 to 3, and Beauty
Spot beat Silver Wings, 4 to 1.
The finals to-day should furnish good
sport. . Narcissus, Herschel's Pride and
Snapper Garrison look to have a strong
chance for the stake. Yesterday's re
sults, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
Open stake — First round: W. C Glasson's
Sleigh Bells beat H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot,
22-0; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat Cur
tis & Sons' The Fram, 14-0; Russell. Allen &
! Wilson's Spiteful beat R. E. de -B. Lopez'a
WarriKal. 29-3; J. P.- Thrift's St. Michael beat
V. A. McComb's Little Sister. 19-16; E. Geary's
Ireland beat Curtis & Sons' Old Glory, 6-2;
J. U. Ross' J L R beat II. A. Deckelman's
Kanaka, 6-0; J. Sutton's Herschel's Pride beat
J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste. 6-1; Curtis & Son's
Flying Fox beat T. J. Cronin's Vandal, 9-1-
J. Carroll's Master Claire beat E. M. Kellogg's
Iowa Maid, 14-5; Lande & Gerber"s Rienzi beat
F. Schou's Smuggler, 11-5; C. B. Charlsworth's
Crawford Braes beat J. Moriarity's Jimmie
Anthony. 22-0; Jeff Martenett's Slim beat P M
Clarkson's Golden Garter, 14-11; Pasha Kennels'
May Hempstead beat R. E. de B. Lopez's
Warrigo. 12-3; T. J. Mclnerney'a Annie Hall
beat Connell Brothers' St. Helen, 7-5- J Ca#
roU's Auckland beat E. M. Kellogg's Kid Mc-
Coy. 5-0: R. K. de B. Lopez'a Crawford Rex
beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Strayaway 7-6-
W. C. Glasson's Santonin beat Pasha Ken
nels Risky Attempt. 7-3: Kay Brothers' Hawk
er beat J. R, Smith's Petronlus. 22-»- j r.
fcmith s Victor Queen beat Aeneid Kennels-
Athena, 7-5; P. J. Rellly's Royal Union h^Tt
Oi'tjr& Jons' .Cash.MS-3 :T.:w. Barteh? affi
Melody^beat J R. Smith's Sylvanus. 19-3; c*£
Us & Sons McKinley beat George Sharman'a
Chicago Boy. 13-9; J. P. Thrift's Brutus bea!
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Weddlne Belli 7 "
Curtis & Sons' Narcissus beat J. L. Ross' Wild
"Wave, j-i: p. O'lVwd's Cascade beat E.
Gearys America, 7-3; George Sharman's Bow
ery Boy beat Kay Brothers' Dudley Diamond.
iS-7: Curtis & Sons' Warpath beat P. J.
Rriily's Honesty. 11-5: Pasha Konnela' Rol
licking Airs beat J. P. Thrift's Forget. 10-5;
Curtis & Sons' Candelaria boat J. Byrnes'
Moll Hogan. 8-1: R. E. da B. Lopez's Minnie
"VVa -Wa beat Curtis & Sons' King Cotton. 9-6:
A. Johnson's Bald Eagle beat W. C. Badger s
Alameda Lad. '7-4: S. Handy's Twin City Girl
beat P. Reilly's Jim Jeffries. 6-0; J. Sutton's
Master Lawrence, a bye; H. A. Deckelman'a
Rocker beat P. J. Heilly's Moonbright. 1S-H;
M. Dunlea's Erin beat I'asha. Kennels' Random
Aim, U-9; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy beat C.
O. Petorsnn's Silver Cloud, 12-8; H. R. Leon
ard's Half Moon, a bye; \V. Creamer's Jesse
Moore beat Curtl3 & Sons" Kibosh. 11-7: W.
Creamer's Lily Wright beat W. Cairns' Im
perial, 1S-7: Curtis & Sons' Anchor beat J.
McCormlck's White Lily. 12-5; Aeneid Kennels'
Aeneas "beat T- J. Cronin's Daisy Daie, 8-6;
T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy Rex bent F. Schou's
Lady Glenklrk. 9-4; Pasha. Kennels' Recording
Anprel beat L. V. Bartels' B#er Bretver. 6-1.
Curtis & Sons' Psyche beat F. Rothman's Jus
tice. U-2; W. Creamer's Onward beat Curtis
& Pens' Vanity Fair, 15-5; P. J. c Reilly's
Plough Boy heat Curtis & toons' Echo, 5-4; J.
Moriarlty's Snapper Garrison beat T. J. Mc
lnerney's Regina R. 4-2: Captain Cane'n Master
Davenport beat F. Schou's King's Bcrderer.
8-0; P. A. McComb's Motto b?at J. H. W.
MuIIer's Cruiser. 7-3; T. J. Mclnemey'a Xora
beat T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee. 5-2; T. A.
McCcmb's Patriot beat P. M. Clarkson's Head
water, 5-1: K. Burk's Night Time beat J. Mc-
Connlck's Proud Beauty. D-3; Pasha Kennels'
Royal Anne beat J. Horn's Uona Fide. 2-1;
R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot beat Errcln i
Lyon's Silver Wings. 7.-6.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— Imp. the black
whirlwind, won the Second Special at
Gravesend to-day amidst the wildest en
thusiasm, with the Brooklyn and Subur
ban handicap winner. Kinley Mack, the
mighty Ethelbert and good three-year-old
McMeekin behind her. Ethelbert was a
hot favorite at 7 to 10, Willie Imp was the
outsider, closing at 7 to 1.
At the start Imp broke last, but Burns
quickly brought her to the front and
the showed the way down past the grand
stand with Kinley Mack. McMeekin and
Ethe'bert lengths apart behind her. Burns
let her race along at her own pace and
there was no change In the order around
the near turn and up the back stretch.
At the end of a mile McMeekin rounded
up a little, and Turner on Ethelbert was
already bogir.niiiR to ride with his hands
to kce;» his mount up. On the far turn
Kinley Mack and McMeekin both moved
up to the black mare, but Burns let fin
& wrap and Imp showed the way into the
stretch with everything driving behind
her. McMeekin challenged resolutely
•when straightened out. but soon dropped
back beaten and It was left for Kinley
Mack and Ethelbert to fight It out with
her. Both boys rode desperately, but in
vain, and the wire was passed with Imr>
a lenpth in front of Kinley Mack, who
was a neck before Ethelbert, McMeekin
whipping the field In. The very small
bettors in the inrlosure must have backed
the mare, as such an ovation has rarely
been accorded to a thoroughbred as greet
ed her as she rantered back to the stand
Ker time. 2:34 1-5. was only one-fifth of
a_Eeccnd behind her own track record,
Time Was Only One-Fiftb of a Sec
ond Belaud Her Own Track
Record Hade Last
Year.
Leaves Kinley Mack, Ethel
bert and McMeekin Be
hind Her.
IMP MAKES AN
EXCITING FINISH
AT GRAVESEND
made In the same event last year. Sum
mary:
About e!x furlongs — Montanlc won. Gold d'Or
second. Carbuncle third. Time, 1:10 4-6.
Steeplechase. a.hout two and a half miles —
C»ck Robin won. Captain Piersal second, Count
Navarro thini. Time, 4:."3 3-5.
H"ll>' har.dir.ip, five and a half furlongs—On
roy won. L>ublin secend. Bellario third. Time,
1 :C7 4-5.
Second Fpeclal. mile and a half— Imp won.
Kinloy Mack second, Ethelbert third. Time.
Z-.U1-Z.
Five furlongs, selling— Llof Prince won. Lady
Pad.ien second. Gracious third. Time. 1:02 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, celling- — Greenock won.
Olea. second. RJnaldo third. Time. 1:49.
DETROIT, Mich.. Sept 15,-Six favorites
won at Windsor to-day. Weather clear;
track fast. Results:
Five and a half furlengs, selling— Amoroso
won, Emma C L second, Russian third. Time,
1:OS.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Monk Way
man won. Hiss Soak eecond, ISallU-d third.
Time. 1:47.
Seven furlongs, selling— Lake Fonso won. In
tent second/ Dousterewivel third. Time, 1:27.
Seven furlongs. selling— Innovator won,
r>puLle Dummy second, Karl Fonso third. Time,
fchort course. 6teep!echaf?e— Zufallig won, Hy
Aflmiri] second. Doe Farrlsh third. Time, 257.
One mile and twenty yards, soiling— Virile O
won, Cavallo second. Round O third. Time,
1:{3 : 3 .
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 15.-Results:
Six furlongs— Hossart won, Kate Freeman
second, Dowii Hearted third. Time, l:17Vi.
Mile and an etfhUl — Orlandine -won. Gilbert
S'.-t-or.d, Kitty Clyde third. Time, 1:57.
Six furlongs — Grantor won. John A. Morris
second. Mis'} Mae Day third. Time. 1:14.
Mile and a quarter, over five hurdles— Tonto
won. Itomasetta Eecond, Francis Pope third.
Time. 2:2S.
Mile and seventy yards — lla I^edford won,
Medllesome ceeond. Gotobed third. Time, 1:47.
Mile and an eighth— Peter Duryra won, Za
z.A second, Henry of Frantsamar third. Time,
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— There were two
features at Harlem to-day— one a three
cornered event in which May Eeach de
feated Bessie Macklin. the winner of a
special match race with John A. Morris
recently. Macklin ran third. Sly beating
her out for the place. The other feature
was the Combination stakes, worth $10S5
to the winner. The I^ady was the favor
ite at even money and won easily by two
and a half lengths. Bergen riding a bril
liant race. Attendance 1500. Weather
clear; track fast. Results:
Six furlongs — Banish won, Egallte second, De
Blaise third. Time, 1:14 4-5.
Six furlongs— Sim \V won, Goal Runner sec
ond. Highland Lad third. Time. 1:13 2-5.
One mile — Bennie Lts-ak won. Wall second.
Fancy Wood third. Time, 1:41 1-5.
The Combination stakes, one mile — The Lady
won. The Elector second. Dissolute third.
Time. 1:40 4-5.
Six furlongrs— May Beach won. Sly second
Bessie Macklin third. Time, 1:13 3-5.
Mile and a. sixteenth, handicap— Ohnet won.
Mint Siiaca second. Pinochle third. Time.
1:45 4-5.
One mile— Branch won, Frellnghuysen second,
Papa Harry third. Time, 1:41 4-5.
WORLD'S RECORD LO"W^RED.
Empire City Track.
Good Time Made by Free Bond on
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The local grand
circuit meeting came to an end at the
Empire City track to-day and waa lightly
attended, there being but two races on
the card. A feature of the afternoon's
track events was the lowering of the
world's record for pacers driven by ama
teurs and tho tying of Bump's profession
ally driven world's wagon record of 2:03 I ,i.
Free Bond, 2:CC»4, to harness, was the
ptar in the first mentioned event and C.
K. Billings drove a beautifully rated mile
In 2:04»4, with a strong wind as a handi
cap, cutting the former record of 2:00^4
held by the Cleveland- pacer Ananias two
seconds. The hobbled racer Coney, 2:02%.
driven by Henry, tied Bump's 2:03*4. made
last season, and but for bad manipula
tion of his runner It would have been
faster. Outside watches caught Free Bond
in 2:04 flat. Summaries:
Road wagon race, final— Hontaa Crook won
the first and second heats In 2:12, 2:10. Quad
riga wen the third heat in 2:U\. Watch Eye
2:07 class, pacing, purse J1200 — Duraont W won
the fifth, sixth and seventh heats In Sill^.
2:1054. 2:13'i. Indiana won the second and third
heats in 2:07»4. 2:07^i. Chorol won the first
and fourth heats In 2:06%, 2:0S%. Bellwood A
2:!6 class trotting, purse $1200— Elsie W won
the first, second and fourth heats In- 2:HVi,
2:11*;. 2:14. Roster won the third heat In 2:14.
Ledy Norvetta, Queen Kleanor and Swift also
started.
Special to b*at ":G'S\i, to wagon, professionally
driven, world's lecord — Coney, b. g., by Me-
Kenacy (Mcllenry). Time of loser, :81^, 1:01%.
1:3:»4. 2:C3U.
Special to beat 2:0SU. to wagon, the amateur
driven world's record — Kree Bond, b. g. by
Simon, (EJlIinss). Time of winner, .-3314, l:02?i.
l:33*i. 2:04U.
that hitch to 2:ir.£ In a field of crack
horses. Including Grace Hastings, the
holder of the time record to wagon. Last
season his work was b.etter than ever.
By hia p^rforinn^iee laat Wednesday ot
a mile in 2:CM\ The Abbot beat his own
figure. 2:05^. of, last week and tied the
world's record held by the California
mare Azof for the last five years, mak-l
ing the last half-mile In the remarka.bly^
fast time of 1:00%. His mile In 2:04 on
Thursday ties Nancy Hanks' best and
lc-avcs him only Allx's record of 2:03% to
beat.
The Abbot made his debut as a trotter
In the season of 1S97, making the mile in
2:llig in his first race for the Merchants'
and Manufacturers' stakes at Detroit,
finishing fourth. October 15, 1S38. he made
a trotting record of 2:0S at Lexington, ivy.,
and has since been in many races and
never "behind the money." In July; 1S0S.
at Hartford, he showed that he was not
only a good racehorse, but a weight puller
of merit. Then he won a race hooked to
a wagon, reducing the race record for
THE recent remarkable performances
of the Abbot have more than the
usual " Interest to horsebreeders o!
the Pacific Coast as he is a grandson
of the famous old Palo Alto stallion Elec
tioneer, his sire being Chimes, out of
Beautiful Bells. His dam was Nettle
King, by Mambrino King. He Is a bay
gelding-, with a white hind foot, the left,
and stands 15^ hands high, foaled In 1SD3,
bred and owned by C. J. & H. Hamlln,
East Aurora, N. Y.
She was modeled and built by W. G. Hall.
The Aggie has a 77.73 feet over-all length
and Is of tho centerboard class. Her
speed has been tested many times with
the best of results. In both cruises and
races. Quite recently E. A. Wiltsee and
a party sailed on a cruise to southern
waters and tho time made by this
schooner yacht was exceedingly fast.
James V. Coleman Is well known In San
THB schooner yacht Aggie, one of the
finest and largest craft of Its kind
afloat In. Pacific waters, has become
the property of James V. Coleman,
ths vrell-known financier and sportsman.
A few dr.ys ago he purchased the Aggie
from Ernes t A. OTUtme for $4000.
Barring the Lurline, owned by John E>.
Fpreckels, the Apgle Is the most weath
erly and finely equipped yacht on the bay.
Francisco as a patron of all sports. He
will now go Into active yachting and suc
cess will no dnubt grac* 1 his new venture.
Of la.te Mr. Ooleman has been suffering
from a physical malady and his doctors
have advised rest and recreation. He will
recuperate on the briny waves. Many
spirited races are expected by thn owner's
of big yachts, nnw that Mr. C»5leman has
come Into possession of the Apprie, as he
i? an enthusiastic sportsman of the active
type.
THE SCHOONEE YACHT AGGIE AND HER NEW OWNER.
GRANDSON OF ELECTIONEER
HOLDS THE GELDING RECORD
JAMES V. COLEMAN PURCHASES
FAST SCHOONER YACHT AGGIE
Is the Most SuccHssful of
the Two Weeks'
Closing Day of the State Fair Meet
By IP, E3. :M:u.molla.:n.cl.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept 15.— Although the
fit*.- list v,£is ausuiuioiy suspended on this
1 ti:e cii,j;i,g day of the Htate Fair it was
j i Ue roust KUccesstul uay ot the entire two
wteks' invetirg. Tne grand stand ajid
betting ring- inciodure were packed almost
io suaecatiori bj naiivea arnr visitors from
SUrrourioing points, while scores of vehi
cies uneu up in the inner field.
i tin facing was exciting throughout.
The weather was warm, and William
Fieldwick had the track in superb condi
tion. Ktivorites look three of the six har
ness events decided. Charlie Me captured
the 2:i:0 trot and Delplii the 2:13 class pace.
In the running events February, Bavassa,
Kl Mido and Bathos were successful
ones, i ''¦'.?
If the harness events evoked interest,
the runners plainly hail the call, some
fierce betting being lr.dulgc-d fn. The .Fa
vorite stake, valued at ji'Jo5, a. handicap!
at cne mile and a quarter, was the feature
of the' day, simmering down to a head
linish between J'Jl Mldo, the favorite, and
Morinel. Eight 10 ' I've was chalked
against El ilido. At the Ilc3t breakaway
B tarter; Pat iteagan sent the bunch away
perfectly aiigned. After I^ou Rey had
rr.adu the running for a mile he fell back
beaten. Mqrihei now showed first, with
Mounce on the favorite moving up from
the rear. Gradually El Aliao wore the
galiant little mare down and in a hard
drive led her past the judges a head in
front in 2:07 x i. Grand Sachem ran a fair
third. ¦ _
Dunfree. from the Burns & WatfThouse
stable, again proveJ a disappointment In
the Culiiornia Annual stake lor two-year
oius, tor winch lie went to me jiost as
thiid enoic^. St. itioa. winner of the Fu
turity, shouldering \zi pounds, was in
tstalleu favorite, later giving way to
bavassa, backed from threes to !) to 5.
liuiz at once took the favorite out In the
lead. Cleur of his company to the,pad
dock, ho was there challenged by Mounce,
astride Bavassa, and in a desperate duel
was nosed out the last couple of jumps.
Articulate ran a good third, while Dunfree
closed up like an umbrella early in. tho
game
It was 1 o'clock when the 2:30 trot was
called. McBrier sold favorite at $20, the
Held brought ?15 and Charley Me $8. The
favorite won the llrst heat cleverly, after
which, despite Billy Donathan's excellent
reinsmanshlp, McBrier was clearly out
footed. Charley Me captured the second
and third heats In exciting drives *rom
the first choice, causing him to be installed
a hot favorite. At this stage, Cecil
dropped in with Bob Ingersoll, winning
the fourth heat In 2:14?i. Charley Ale
gathered in the necessary heat to draw
down rtrst money without much effort.
Delphi, a fast and game gentleman in
black and a son of Director, gave the tal
ent quite a jarrinp by his annexation of
the 2:13 pace, and his backers, If they were
stanch, should have money to burn to
night, With pools selling Held $20, Wild
Nutling $10 and Key Direct $3, Ed I.af
ferty, behind I Direct, took the first heat
easily from Edna It and William Harold.
This altered the complexion of affairs, I
Direct and Rey -Direct coupled bringing
?20 and the field a lilse amount. At odds
of Id to 1 in the books for the heat, Delphi
came from nowhere when the bunch had
squared for home, winning the second
heat from John A. Even then the field
sold favorite over him, but he repeated
the trick. Driver Whitehead taking things
coolly to the stretch. The fourth and last
was merely a repetition of the two preced
ing heats, Delphi coming from behind
when sent. I Direct went lame, which
accounted for her weak showing-, after
having a heat.
In the running events, Mocorito lost the
six furlong selling event to February, the
post favorite. Merry Boy finished third:
A mile and a sixteenth run closed tfie
day's sport, the final number being de
clared off. Bathos, the favorite, led from
the start, winning in a common gallop.
The polo game at the park In the fore
noon also proved an attractive card. The
Reds, captained by Tom Driscoll, played
all around the Blues, winning by a score
of 6 to 0. Walter Hqbart was unable to
appear, owing to an injured shoulder, his
place on the Blue team being taken bv
Ollie Tobin. The summary:
First race, trottlne, 2:30 class, heats 3 In 6,
purse S1C00:
Charley Me, blk. g., by McKinney, by
Lancaster (W. G. Durfee) 5 112 1
McBrier, b. g.. by McKinney (J. W. ..
Donathan) .....1 2 2 3 3
Bob Ingersoll, b. g., by Nutwood Wiles
(Cecil) 3 4 3 14
Bet Madison, br. m., by James Madison
(Banford) 4 5 4 4 2
Santa Anita Star, blk. h., by Guy
Wilkes (Maben) 2 3 5 dis
Dan W, rn. g.. by Hero (Albertson) 6 6 dr.
Time, 2:16»4. 2:18, 2:17i4, 2:14%, 2:20.
Second race, pacing-. 2:13 class, heats 3 in
5. rurse J600:
Delphi, blk. h., by Dlrector-Eddle
(AVhitehead) 7 111
I Direct, blk. h., by Direct (Lafrerty)....l 5 6 4
Wild Nutlinff, b. h.. by Wildnut (Hell
man and Donathan) 53 2 4
John A. br. h., by Wayland W (Nelson). 4 2 4 5
Edna It, b. m., by Sidney (Trainor) 2 6 9 6
Rey Direct, blk. h., by Direct (Parker).. .8 7 6 2
Fitz Lee, b. g., by Arthur Wilkes (Sulli
van) : ..9 9 3 3
William Harold, b. h.. by Sidney (Simp
son) 34 8 9
Dlctatress, ch. m., by Distatus (Rodri
guez) 6 8 7 8
Time, 2:12^, 2:H«i. 2:15%. 2:16.
Third race, nix furlongs, selling, purse J250:
J. B. Gibson's ch. m. February, by St. Carlo-
Sister to Ruth Kyan, 103 (Butler), 3 to 2.... 1
Abbey Stable's ch. m. Mocorlto, 109 (Powell).
2 to 1 2
E. E. Edwards' ch. g. Merry Boy, 112 (Ruiz),
4 to 1 3
Time— 1:14.
Limber Jim (106), 15 to 1; Jingle Jingle (103),
6 to 1; Flush of Gold (91), 3 to 1, and Pompino
(112), 6 to 1. also ran.
Fourth race, California Annual stake, six fur
longs, for two-year-olds, value $S10:
G. Summers' b. . f. Bavassa, by Bassetlaw-
Bavaria, 10S (Mounce), 9 to 5 1
Alamcda Stable's b. g. St. Rica, 123 (Ruiz).
2 to 1 2
W. C. do B. I^opez's b. c. Articulate, 103
(Ames), 6 to 1 3
x Time-l:14}J.
Phil Archibald (111), 12 to 1; Moonbright (108),
6 to 1: IUilouon (111). 6 to 1, and Dunfree (111),
S to 1, also ran.
Fifth race, the Favorite stake, handicap, one
mile Bjid a quarter, value J10J3:
Budd I>oble & Co.'s b. e.. El Mldo, by Sir
Alodred-Ethel. 113 (Mounce). 8 to 5 l
Matt Storn's b. m., Morlnel, 103 (Powell).
3 to l TSri;:; 2
J. J. Moran's b. g., Grand Sachem, 95 (Fogg),
10 to 1 :>.; : 2
Time— 2:07%.
Vindtor (111). 2 to 1: Jennie Reid (99), 8 to L
and Leu Rey (95), 3 to 1 also ran.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling:
purse $250.
J. J. Moran's ch. c. Bathos, by Bathampton-
Crisis. 68 (I/O|jue), 6 to 5 i
P. Moore's ch. m., Alicia, 99 (Butler), 3
to 2 2
Elmwood Farm's br. g., Edgardo, 97 (Mounce),
5 to 2 •. .• a
Time— 1:4S.
>Rapldo (104), 20 to 1; None Such (101), 20 to V
Sea Spray (102), 12 to. 1, and Tenrlca (100) 10
to 1, also ran..
Surprise of the Day Is the
Victory of the Game
I Black Pacer.
FIST DELPHI
JABS BETTORS
AT SACRAMENTO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
THE ABBOT IN RACING HABNESS.
Lieutenant Gibson Breaks Down.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— Lieutenant Gibson
will never race again. The great three
year-old, who was the short favorite in
the American Derby and for whom S°6 000
was refused by Charles H. Smith hi*
broken down completely, and Mr. Smith
said to-day he would be retired to the
Are You Registered?
¦ If not, go at, once to City Hall. Re&ia
tration closes September 26. You cannot
J'^Sm unlCM »' ou registered since Januarv
32
SI Ml
23 >% Event No. S.
~ a 2 a Delicacy.
t> c — __
NAUE.
** *• » ft 25 • •<
•I* , • : 1 :
founy
r.dwards ,
ixttu
Jattu
Everett
99 85.8] 93.4 74 2 ' 83.9
IC2.8 83.4 90.4 70.1U] SO.7
8a i 83. 4i 85.8 70 7T.10
94 S3.4J 92.8 71.8 »2.2
105 I S3 I 22 75 i Si T
1UO M » Ti. Z j S5.7
Tverptt
J..S &0.S lt>.3 >1.S
Uolcher
s. 3- u.rji s^.ll
S7.4 S3.3 73.1J S2.'j
JansfleM
Mansfield
Ma
91.8 94.4 70.10 1 82.7
sa. s ai.« 7a s i « s
SI Ml
23 >% Event No. S.
~ a 2 a Delicacy.
t> c — __
NAUE.
** *• » ft 25 • •<
•I* , • : 1 :
founy
r.dwards ,
ixttu
Jattu
Everett
99 85.8] 93.4 74 2 ' 83.9
IC2.8 83.4 90.4 70.1U] SO.7
8a i 83. 4i 85.8 70 7T.10
94 S3.4J 92.8 71.8 »2.2
105 I S3 I 22 75 i Si T
1UO M » Ti. Z j S5.7
Tverptt
J..S &0.S lt>.3 >1.S
Uolcher
s. 3- u.rji s^.ll
S7.4 S3.3 73.1J S2.'j
JansfleM
Mansfield
Ma
91.8 94.4 70.10 1 82.7
sa. s ai.« 7a s i « s
I Disorders of Men f
S Y DPI I ADI P «
S • X7 O t ntU I imf n LL'HdLL. g
I jl 1 Talcottl
I \V l \J / 1 // QDCPIAI /CTC 1
¦I \\ I I y x OrL If I MHO I u. |
« -* Yf ma1 *i e a s P e , c , lalty of contracted disorders of men which have become Q
5 chF^" lc and complicated from neglect or improper treatment. <3
8 v^eAWiw 6 «£ only s P«cIalists in San Francisco with a thoroughly equipped S
g tS ? remalJ°durln/?reatS O ent. tlOD ° f out -° f - town P aUents «* 0lher3 wl3hln « «
ft •»v P £? r TT,oHii Ces are ,, the "-nost elaborate and private in the city, and contain %
» dlrs y xvL tJl a PPHance and Instrument known for the cure ot these dlsor- «
6 nf w«w, the largest practice on the Pacific Coast, treating every form «
« of Weakness and Contracted Diseases of Men. and absolutely nothing else! g
O vuL a i rt hwSrt e v^«Mli • nlarareme T nt ,°' the most By far the rreater number of patients &
S known a2 VaKfe^ il* ,'K ? ommon| y »e<*ins relief for so-called weaknew. ari «
O condition th^r^,nntT^i.f* ? n thel r normal strong, robust men In every other reioect O
S illiSl^i wm^^m 1
| we a S?rS»" v^ li
« investigation of our methods, and can refer application u ?nf T. hlch we 8end free 0I » 5^
3 to cured natlems if desired! * W iffl^S^^^SS^ to ««, g-wtafc. g
« Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor, O
I 997 Market Street, Cor. Sixth. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREi¥ST
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Qulek'.y Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write tho State Medical Institute
Thry cured so many men who had bat-
tied, for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packaged to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
euffer from any form of Fexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly prateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strenirth
end development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that r-ome
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State MedicaJ
Institute. 32S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
flrous of reaching that great class of men
•who are unable to leave heme to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to tee how easy it 4s to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
nave no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
te.-SSjS**^ *^^ <ri K»arny rtre^t. S. F., for
E3* (^ Fishing Tackl« and Sporting
Goods. The larctst stock on
the Pacific Coast of ev*ry description. S«nd i
cents In poet&ge Bt&rtpa for the latest &»-?«£•
lnustraied c&uiocue. 1-iu. i.LOS ANGELES, Sept 16.— The board of di
rectors of the Walnut Growers' Association of
Southern California to-day fixed prices on wal
nuts for the season. A rate ot 9H cents for
standards and 10 cents for aoftshells waa de
cided upon, as aralnst $7 65 and JS 15 per cental
last year.
Grand Dictator Archibald left yesterday
for a to'ur of visitation to the councils in
the Southland. He expects to be absent
about three weeks. He will go direct to
Los Angeles, then to San Diego, and oa
his return will visit Fresno, Merced and
Modesto. '~- <-
Knights of Honor.
OAKIAN'D, Sept. 15.— Marriage licenses
were Issued to-day to Manuel Silva Se
quiera. Jr.. 27 years of age, and Agnes J.
Bilva. Iti. both of ilifsion San Jose; Frank
Perrv Sarmcnto. 24. Centerville, and An
nie Edith Nunes. 23. Irving-ton: John Ru
dolph McCarty, 25. Oakland, and Bertha
Viola Brown, 13, Berkeley; Henry Weisel.
12. and Amanda E. Roebke, 23, both of
Alameda; John Joeeph DIas. 50. and Joa
quina Oiatana, 46. both of Oakland; ¦Wil
liam Hubert Sweeney, 30, Berkeley, and
TMlle Jeannette Peterson, IB, Oakland;
Era! Hurd Kennedy. 51. Oakland, and An
nie* Laura Hayes, 21. Orovllle.
Social Democratic Lecture.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— O. C. Richvllle
will lecture under the auspices of the
Hoclal Democratic partv In Becker Hall,
S18 Washington street, on Sunday evening.
Ills subject will be. "What Is Socialism?"
Licensed to Marry.
Hoitt's Schools.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. Sept. 13.— An Interesting
game of football waa played here this
morning between the local High School
team and the boys from IToitfa School.
The visitors showed mark improvement
over ..heir form of a week ago. when they
were defeated by tho Palo Alto boys by
a score of 11 h\ •). To-day's match result
ed In a tie. neither side being able to
force the other's line. Following ia the
line-up:
P. A. H. S. Position. Hoitt.
Willard Center French
Hall Rlsrht jruard Haa»
Burke Left suarl Jones
1). Tarpsey Right tackle Taylor
¦Wylie L"ft tackle BpUrola
Westall Right end Ho\v«:i
Klmble LeJt end Ki:br.ur~.»
Taylor Quarterback Hanson
Ke'lser (capt.) Right halfback.. Reed (rapt.*
Tarpsey Left halfback A. Harper
Swayr.e Fullback F. Harped
Tie Game Between the High and
FOOTBALL AT PALO ALTO.
Psychical Society Hccting.
OAKLAND. Sept. 15.— The Oakland
Psvchical Society will rac»t to-morrow
nTtVrr.oon at Woodmen's Kail. S21 Twelfth
Ftr*ft.
Arrangements are being made to have
a grand opening at the new home, when
there will be given a grand ball in which
all the tents and hives that have taken
rooms in the temple will participate.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Golden West Tent was the first to hold
a meeting in the new Maccabee Temple,
at 21 Fourth street, recently fitted up for
the usa of the local tents and the several
tribes of the Ladies of the Maccabees.
The new quarters are the most pleasant
that the tent has ever met in, and have
been fitted up exactly with the needs of
the order, so that Its work may be per
formed in accordance with the ritual. Tho
halls, are furnished ¦with rare good taste,
and now that Maccaboeism has a local
home there is every reason to believe that
it will do much to arouse a new interest
In the membership. Golden West Tent
had a. good attendance and after the
transaction of routine business Prof. O.
H. Packer answered a number of ques
tions which had been placed in the ques
tion box, Imparting a great deal of infor
mation.
San Francisco Tent held Its meeting In
the new quarters last Friday night, and
there was a good attendance. This tent
will give its annual banquet In about a
week.
committee will fill tnese vacancies, as well
as that in the Twenty-seventh Senatorial
District. H. B. Griffiths and E. L. Thomp-
Eon are candidates for the nomination.
Assemblyman from the Fifty-first
ict, were accepted. The executive
wnshlp.
The resignations from tho ticket of
Thomas fcicoit, candidate for Superior
Judge, and HreTvton A. Hayne, candidate
OAKLAND. Sept. 15.— The Democratic
County Committf-fi to-night effected per
manent organization, electing the follow
ing named officers: Chairman, John J.
McDonald; vice chairman, Thomas C
Stoddard; secretary. S. Bachrach; treas
urer, Archie Borland. The chairman was
authorized to appoint an executive com
mittee, one member from, each ward and
DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE
PERMANENTLY ORGANIZES
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Kate Agee
paid her first official visit on last Thurs
day night. It was to Excelsior Circle, and
she was accompanied by a number of the
grand officers. She was received with a
good fraternal welcome and during the
evening was presented by Past Grand
Chief Companion Mrs. Duke, on behalf of
the circle, a beautiful cut-glass, large
sized rose jar, filled with choice flowers,
as a token of the circle's admiration of
her as the head of the order. After an
original address - of welcome by Chief
Companion Mr3. Smith there were ad
dre.wes by the grand chief companion.
Grand Sub-Chief Companion Miss Alice
Ticoulet. Grand Financial Secretary Miss
A. D. Bremer, Grand Trustees Mrs. Jen
nie Weisel and Mrs. Helena Worms,
Grand Organist Mrs. Donlon and a num
ber of visitors. After that a collation was
served in the flower-bedecked hall. |
Last Thursday night Mrs. A. Levy, past
chief companion of Martha Washington
Circle, was tendered a surprise by the
members of the circle on the occasion of
the anniversary of her birth, also as a
mark of appreciation of past services for
the circle. There was a programme of
music and song, a collation and then
dancing.
The postponed meeting of Bay City Cir
cle was held last Wednesday night and
arrangements were made for active work
during the closing months of the year.
One candidate was Initiated, and at the
next meeting- there will be four.
American Companions.
BERKKT.ET. S*pt. 15.— A gamo cf foot
ball, which commenced this afternoon be
twe*n the teams of Boone's University
School and the Peralta T_"niVersity Acad
emy, two rival private school organlza
zations of this city, ended in a general
fight, in which hardly a participant
PFoap^d without some visible sign of com
bat.
The game progressed with clean play
until after the flrpt half. Xo score had
been made and the teams were playing a
hard, even jrnme. One of Boone's men
fell on th» ball and a Peralta man jumped
on hi? face.
In an instant another player from
Boone's landed a stiff right jolt on the
Peralta man's jaw. The blow had hardty
be*Ti struck when both el«»ver.s ¦were
fighting. For ten minutes the young stu
dents fought In the good, old. fashioned
way. with referee, umpire and the more
hardy spf-ctators mixfd in. Several of
the men ¦were badly bruisod up and black
eyes are freely distributed.
Clay and Freddy Lapman. both State
University men, were refere* and umpire
respectively.
The line-up of the two teams was as
follows:
B->one«. Positions. Peralta.
Frank Hatch Fullback George nary
N. Coon-.bs Right half \V. McFariand
Ed fitraiis I^eft half Carloc Delatoba
Walter Sherman. .Quarter Winn Interim
G^rce Gase liifh: end OlUe Pcsey
Frark ly.r.g Left end Ford Wood
F. Eurnays lilgl.t tarkle....A. McGregor
L. Hunt Rijht guard Clarence Fay
Fen Stroud Center George ilorehead
Frank Street Left srJard C. Murphy
W. Rey Left tackle F. Cothrin
Clary 1« captain of the Peralta team and
Coombs of the Boonea.
FOOTBALL GAME ENDS
IN GENERAL FIGHT
Mammoth Parade, Filled With Mag
nificent Features, Starts at Ten
That Morning.
Wednesday will be circus day. Th»
Rlngllng circus, which ia to cpen at Six
teenth, and Folsom streets on that day.
is now the greatest enterprise of Its l-nd
in America The zoological collection ia
particularly fine. Under the bis hippo
drome tent there will be enough things
going on of a startling, enjoyable and
novel nature to make half a dozen bi?r
circuses. Of course the horse Is an active
factor In the circus. This friend of man
Is shown in his highest development of in
telligence by the work of John O'Brien,
who has trained sixty-one Kentucky bred
horses to respond promptly to his com
mand without the aid of bit or bridle.
Mme. Xoble and her horse Jupiter, said
to be the best-broken saddler in the world,
illustrate the highest forms of daring,
graceful and refined equestrianism.
Champion bareback riding Is sensationally
exemplified by Cecil l^owanda, Edward
Shlpp, John Rooney, Albert Crand.il!,
Elena Ryland, Julia Lowanda. LIzsie
Rooney and H. Hobaon. The famous Da
coma family, the flying Fiohers, Millie
Tornour and Xettie Carroll and Minnifj
Fisher keep one's pulses beating fast by
their exciting exploits in midair, bicycling
on high wires, dangerous twisting and
balancing upon pendant contrivances aii'l
hazardous diving, swinging and somer
saulting.
A remarkable feat of athletic skill 1j
that of Joseph Le Fleur, who somer
saults backward from the top of a forty
foot ladder to the ground. Albert Crandai;
and his trick mule. Thunderbolt, the Carl
Mayo troop of grotesque skaters ami
Spader Johnson's funny clown band wltli
the thirty or more clowns who are here,
there and everywhere, keep the comedy
spirit of the performance at white near
and make a merry Jingle of laughter that
pleasantly pervades the entire programme.
It would be Impossible in the space of a
newspaper article to enumerata all of the
special features of this great show a»
there are nearly one hundred separate
acts, and frequently eight or ten acts arc
going on at the same time In the dif
ferent rings and on the stagre. There will
be a grand parade at 10 o'clock Wednes
day morning.
GREAT Rir-JGLING CIRCUS
OPENS HERE WEDNESDAY
Inches. ' f .
Running broad Jump— Wba by R. J. McKln
nery. Pastime A. C. Distance. 20 feet 10 inches.
22f>-yard hurdle — V.'on by H. Arnold. Union
Settlement A. C. Time. :26 4-i
Seniors: 100 yards — Won by Maxey Long, N.
T. A. C. Time, :10.
SSO-yard run— Won by A. Grant. N. T. A.
C. Time. 2:04 1-5.
120-yard hurdle — "Won by R. F. Hutchlnson.
Princeton. Time, :18 1-5.
Mtle run— Won by G. W. Orton, University of
Pennsylvania. Time, 4:32 2-3.
440-yard run— Won by Maxey Long, N. T. A.
C. Time. :E2 3-5.
220-yard hurdle — Won by H. Arnold. Union
Settlement A. C. Time. :27 2-5.
Putting 15-pound shot— Won by D. Morgan,
Ireland. Distance, 48 feet l'j Inches.
NEW YORK, Sept 15.— The annual field
and track championship of the American
Athletic Union took place to-day at Co
lumbia field In the presence of about COJ
spectators. The weather was fine, track
in good condition, and in most events the
competition was keen. There were events
for junior and senior athletes. The Junior
events commenced at 1 o'clock. Sum
maries:
100-yard run— Won by P. J. Walsh, N. T.
A. C Time, :10 2-5. ' •
SSO-yard run— Won by D. McMeekin. Cornell
University. Time, y.02 2-5.
120-yard hurdle — "Won by R. F. Hutchinsorv.
Princeton. Time, :16 2-5.
One mile run— Won by A. I* Newton, N\ Y.
A. C. Time. 4:1". 2-5.
440-yard run— Won by W. G. Edwards, K. A.
C. Time, :S2Vi.
Putting sixteen-pound shot — TVon by "W. TV.
Cbe. East Boston A. A. , Distance, 43 feet 8»i
ATHLETIC CONTESTS.
Oakland Office San Fmnclscr* Call.
HIS Broadway. Sept. 15.
Jt;dse Mart did not come t!ov.-r. from
Sacramento to-day to hear the motion of
tl e Contra Costa Water Company for an
order setM'.g its suit asalnst the city of
Oukiand for trial on September 21 instead
ot October 1 5. the date fixed, threa weeks
ago. The cttorneys for both sMes were
present It; court, and after a.r inrpntient
wait, in which the corpor ition's counsel
shmved slgn.-j of disappointment. It waa
agrefd that the case shou'd jjo to trial on
October 4.
This date was suggested as a compro
mise and was stated as satisfactory to all
If Judge Hart consented to hear th» cas«»
on that day. Tho following stipulation
was filed with the clerk:
"The plaintiff having notice of a
motion to have the date of the trial r*
the above entitled cause changed from
October 15 to September CS. on tho grounl
that it •will Yh> impossible for two of their
witnesses to attend on October 15 s»nd
having requested the defendants to con
sent to a change of dates, now In pur
suance of tho said request the defendants
consent that toe trial shall be set fir
October 4. 1300. rrcvlde<1 that the plaintiff
shall make nc further application for any
change of dates, but will be ready to pro
ceed to trial on said last mentioned date;
and provided further that the Judge will
consent to take up the case on the said
October 4. which last matter ia to be as
certained Immediately.
"Page, McCutcheon, Harding fc Knight,
A. A. Xloorp, attorneys for plaintiff.
**W. A. Dow, attorney for defendant.
"Robert Y. Hayne, of counsel for de
fendant."
The stipulation was sent to Judge Hart,
and If he aarrees tho long contest over the
date of trial will come to an end and th«
hearing of the water-ra.te suit will begin
on October 4.
Corporation Compelled to Acce-pt
Proposition of City's Counsel
to Go to Trial on October
Fourth.
Water Company's Attorneys
Disappointed by His
Non- Appearance.
JUDGE HART WAS
NOT ON HAND TO
HEAR A MOTION
The Millworkers' Union reports that
nearly all the striking operators have se
cured employment either at "fair" mills
or In other lines of business.
The clerks in the stores which have not
yet adopted the early closing plan com
plain that they are obliged to work over
thirteen hours a day and have no evening
for themselves. They argue that if cus
tomers generally understood that retail
establishments close at G o'clock pur
chases will all be made before that hour,
and the clerks will be benefited witnout
injuring the storekeeper.
The Longshoremen's Union, with 300
members, has joined the Building Trades.
They will now refuse to handle any mlll
work consigned to or from mills which
the Building Trades Council has designat
ed "unfair.
The Shinglers' Union of Alameda County
has adopted resolutions of respect to the
memory of William Storm, the member
of the union who was phot and killed at
the Labor day picnic at Lorenzo Grove.
The Retail Clerks' Association will meet
to-morrow night to discuss the attempt
which is now being made to Induce the
clothing and furnishing goods stores of
Oakland to close at 6 o'clock. The asso
ciation has already succeeded In getting
the dry goods dealers to close their doors
at that hour.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Sept. 15.
Retail Clerks Are Making a Fight
for Extension of Early Closing
Among the Oakland
Stores.
Longshoremen's Union Al
lies Itself With the
Building Trades.
NEW MOVEMENTS
IN UNION LABOR
ORGANIZATIONS
I>eided Half -Hour Leave by Princi
pal HcChesney, They Take It
Anyway, and Are Sus
pended.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
11 IS Broadway. Sept. 15.
Six young lady students of the Oakland
H!gh School, members of some of tho
moBt prominent families of this city, have
been suspended for thirty days, because
ia a fit of girlish frolic they were ru!*ty
of the heinous crime of technical defiance
of the constituted authority that reposes
In Principal J. B. McChesney.
This drastic punishment was visited up
on Miss Qraco Davis, Miss Verina Mor
row, Miss Marian Morrow, Miss Alice
Lawes, Hiss Pansy Perkins ar.d Miss
Edna Orr. There Is consternation among
the 709 members of the school. There are
a score r,f teachers who are amazed at the
crder and there is a half-suppressed feel-
Ing among not a few parents that the
young ladies were subjected to a punish
ment that far from fitted the crime. And
here is the story:
The young ladies are members of one of
those girls' secret socieiiep— a fraternity—
the Alpha Sigma. It so happened a few
days ago that Miss Mabel Wilcox. a very
popular fraternity K'-rl, had told her
pchoolmates that she was going away and
there were tears and all sorts of sympa
thetic consolation meotirss because of
that announcement. Miss Wilcox's de
parture was set for 9:30 o'clock Thursday
mornir.p from Sixteenth strvet station.
Tho half-dozen Alpha Siginas in ques
tion decided to give her a farewell at the
depot. But tho rub came In the time
which Interfered v.-ith their prompt at
tendance at Fchool. They went to Princi
pal McChesr.ey when school opensd on
the morning Miss Wilcox waa to leave
and asked permission to absent them
selves for the next half hour. To their
diFmay the request was denied. As they
left tho rchool ofllc<\ unluckily, along
rolled a streetcar and Miss Wilcox was a
p.issenger. headed for the depot.
Though McChesney stood on the school
steps flrmly Flying "no." six dalnty
mipses fiod for the car anri. horrors! rod* 1
sway with their companion, heeding:
nrjther the command of the principal nor
th*» consequences which would bo?all
th'-m for their bold defiance. In haif an
hour the youn? ladies had returned to
school, but the ban was upon them, and
in a shower of tonrs they h^ard the awful
sentence of banishment pronounced.
High School Girls Deter
mined to See Their
Schoolmate Off.
ORDER OF THE
PRINCIPAL DID
NOT HOLD THEM
¦aiuler, Wlio Escape* to Hills.
Armed Posae In"
Pursuit.
Oakland Of2.ce San Franclsoo Call.
HIS Broadway. Sept. la.
Aced Jasaes McFaxiajid iru shot to
«e*.tii eaxly this morning In the hop fields
tear Pleasamoa by William Miller during
a Quarrel over work. Miller fled, despite
tie presence of eoores of ftllow laborers,
and headed for Uie Mount Diablo Range.
Sheriff Rogers has & posse of heavily
trmed deputies, with reinforcements ot
the local constabulary, trailing the mur
derer, who Is a\ir>z*ra<zd to l»* hiding In one
o£ tho many gulcbes or canyons that
break the rough mountain region, making
it an ideal place of concealment.
Interest u tiie man hunt has aroused
Hie people of liie countryside- Kvery
•vr,.t;re that tiiere is an outlet toward the
raiiroad rnen, backed with rifles and shot
guns, with belts iadeu with ammunition,
axe In ambuscade. So weli has c-ach point
been covered tiiat those In pursuit of the
•escaped a^t-assia are confident of his
epeeay capture.
Ir.io the kills have gone a scbre of dep
uties ar.d citizens who know every nook
and comtr of the wild region about the
base oi trip mountain, vrhtre Miller is b«*
lieved to have sought refuge. They are
veil supplied with v. capons ar.d the orders
are to capture the murdarer dead or alive.
His pursuers kcov." that h« is armed, and
no chances will be taken.
The murder was a particularly brutal
klllir^. It r.ppears to Lave been without
provocation and the result merely of Mill
er's vicious temper.
ilcFa-rlaricl. %\ tio vat 73 years old, and
IkliHer were laborers together at the hop
plcKtr.s. r.cc'n liad been assigned a row
to pics. Miller insisted that McFcrland
w&s picking hop? on his (Miller's) allotted
tection. There were u. few words, and
t-uddenij- Aliiier pulled a pistol and fired
two thots, one bullet entering the abdo
men end tho other the heart, killing the
eld man almost instantly.
The oiJ man sank to the ground and
Miller Ced. No attention nas paid to the
murderer, as every one rushed to the
wounde<i man's assistance. In the confu
tioa Miller got away and before the offi
cers at Pleai-anton, a mi'.e away, learned
of the shooting the murderer was well
out ot reach.
The killing occurred at 5:33 o'clock, but
Jn the excitement word did not reach the
Sheriff until 10 o'clock. He dirpatched
T'oputies George Wales and Georg-e Tay
lor at once to Pleasanton, as they were
tihoroughly acquainted with the country
into which Miller is suppoi-ed to have dis
appeared.
The murdered man's body was taken to
xhe branch Morgue at l'lea«anton where
Coroner Mehrmann mill hold the Inquest.
McFarland had tolti some of the people
at the hopnelds that he came from Oak
land. The police are trying to trace his
r> <=:cience. Nothing is known of Mill.-r
eav« that he said he cam*> from Montana
(-<• v.-ra! weeks ago. At the hopyards he
v.as given a reputation for being an ugiy
and mean tempered man. lie and Mc
i z: i:id had Ix-en working to^rther. oc
< B] '.i d the Mffi" tent, and it was thought
th«y were traveling partners. Last night
V.iry had words over some money. This
- aflfr the phontir.g several hop
pickers declared that Miller had threat
ened to shoot them if tliey tried to break
Jn TJj»on his picking section. He had
rather terrorized the laborers In the field,
V..I-: . v,<mf n nnd children alike. Jt was
therefore an easy matter for him to make
his escape.
He,Sw across the bi£ canal at the hop- •
ytnroi .^:.4 went in the direction of Dublin.
The I'or.stabtes have surrounded the "wil- '
lov.5" near the Hearst place umler the be-
UeH 'Lat Miller may have gone into hld-
Ji g thore. Marshal Ilamage cf. Hay
wards has set out w!th a posse to guard
•umtrv in the rtgion lx>twoeri his
bailiwick and Nile??. Constable Roderick
Bad hi* lioputies have Niles Canyon under
\v;-:'-h. vhilf at Uvcnaore Marshal Pltz
pc-raM has put out p!ck-et. a . Couriers will
go Into the settled portions of Centra
Costa County in the morning to notify the
peace officers there.
M:':'.t is about SO years old. lame, walk
!r.g \vi--h a perceptible limp. The officers
believe this mark of identification will as-
BlBt materially In the capture. He is de-
BCribed as about a feet € inches tall, with
dark hair and mustache. He wore a black
Flr-.uch hat. black cutaway coat and a pair
of blue overalls.
Tho murdered man was in the County
Hospital at Stockton two weeks ago. He
had told people tha.f he had relatives in
Oakland. The Initials J. C, 48, are tat
looed upon his left forearm.
OAKLAND. Sept. 16.— Miller was cap
tured near Pleasanton at 1 o'clock this
morning by Deputy Sheriff George Tay
lor.
Quarrel in Pleasanton Hop
Yards Leads to Foul
Murder.
?
lames McParland Killed by William
AGED LABORER
SHOT TO DEATH
BY COMPANION
visits he saw some degree work that com
pares favorably with that performed by
the officers of the San Francisco lodges.
The character of the membership of the
lodges visited during the past three weeks
is very creditable to the order.
Fidelity Lodge, one of the most pro
gressive of the local lodges, on last Wed
nesday skipped its usual first Wednesday
in the month entertainment and in place
thereof gave a complimentary banquet
in the banquet hall of the Odd Fellows'
building to its members and ladies in
honor of the twenty-seventh anniversary
of the founding of the lodge. There were
present about 300 persons, who were
served a most excellent supper, gotten up
under the direction of the lodge's special
committee — Chris Tolt, James Chrlstisen
and N. M. Petersen, who gave evidence
of being up-to-date as caterers. The head
of the table was occupied by Grand Mas
ter Watson, who is a member of the
lodge; District Deputy Stych: W. B. Cur
tis, noble grand; Captain C. IT. Kronbeck,
commander of Canton San Francisco, and
a number of past officers of the lodrce.
After the menu had been disposed of there
was an informal way of calling on some
one to say something. In addition to re
sponses by the grand master and others
named, there were bn.uant remarks by
James Andrew Wilson, D. II. Hansen and
Edward Herman. The final toast was
"the continued prosperity of Fidelity
Lodge." y
Grand Patriarch Foster was in the city
last Monday. On Tuesday he paid an of
ficial visit to San Louis Obispo; on the
13th at Paso Robles; 15th at Healdsburg.
To-morrow night he will visit San Jose;
20th, Santa Barbara; 21st, San Bernar
dino; 22d, Riverside; 24th, Pomona; 25th,
Pasadena, and 27th, Azusa.
The Druids.
Noble Grand Arch Lange, Grand Sec
rotary Graves and Grand Marshal Gugllel
moni, while on their tour of visitations
through Marln County visited Novato. NI
casio ajid Olema groves. They found
these in a prosperous condition. They as
sisted at an initiation at Novato, at two
at Nicasio and conferred all the degrees,
and at Olema they ir.itin.ted one candidate
and conferred the second and third da
greea on two eli;iblcs. At each place the
visiting officers wera banqueted and the
best ot enthusiastic feeling prevailed.
On the 5th inst. the grand secretary, in
company with L. A. Wolff, past noble arch
of Laurel Grove and editor of tho Druids'
Magazine, paid a visit to Mayfield Grove,
where one candidate was initiated anil
the bard's and druid's degrees were con
ferred on four. The following night they
vislted Haywards Grove, where four can
diatcs were initiated and tho second and
third degrees were confererd on seven
candidates for honors. On the 7th inst.
Grand Secretary Graves paid a visit to St.
Helena Grove, the home grove of Noble
Grand Arch Lunge, in St. Helena. He
was accempanied by E. Caldwell, past
arch: A. Grantz, secretary, and twenty
members of Fraternity Grove No. 115.
Tho second degree was conferred In the
amplified form on two ovates. After the
ceremony the members of Olive Clrcl"
and friends of the grove and circle were
admitted, when all partook' of an excel
lent banquet, after which there were re
sponses to toasts, songs, recitations and
a jolly good time for ail. It was 2 o'clock
in the morning before tho gathering left
for home.
Magnolia Grove of Los Angeles at its
last held meeting initiated one candidate,
conferred the third degree on three and
received two applications. •
Cayucos Grove at its last held meeting
Initiated two strangers, reinstated two
members and received six applications.
This grove is drilling a team to give the
second degree in the amplified form.
Olema Grove Is making arrangements to
have a second degree team.
Past Grand Noble Arch Frank Lewis of
Pleasanton was In the office of the grand
secretary last week, the first time in a
year. He was heartily welcomed by his
former standby of days of the past.
At a meeting of the Past Arches' Asso
ciation held last Sunday the following
named were elected officers for one year:
James F. Martinoni, president: Jame3
Hagan, A. S. R., vice president: John M.
Graves, .G. S., secretary E.' Maglnis, P.
N. G. A., treasurer; L. Palmer. P. A.,
guard, and L. M. Fabbry, messenger.
These officers will be installed at 2 o'clock
on the afternoon of the 2d inst. All
past arches have been extended an invi
tation to be present and accept the hos
pitality of the new organization.
It Is expected that the grand circle will
be instituted about the middle of Octo
ber. It is thought thai all circles will be
represented.
The young ladlea who represented the
se"% ral circles of the order, particularly
the aueen, Mlsa Louise Baumeister, on
one of the floats of the order in the grand
parade last Monday, attracted a great
deal of attention and much favorable
comment by the many onlookers. The dis
play of the order was a very creditable
one.
Improved Order of Red Men.
On the evening of the 18th inst. Osceola
Tribe will pay a fraternal visit to Monte
zuma Tribe. The visitors are promised an
enjoyable evening:.
James Boyes, G. S. S., and Porter L.
BUsa, G. C. of PL, returned last Sunday
from their "northern tour in time to be In
tho great parade on Monday. During
their tour they visited the tribes at Napa
Yreka, SIssons, Redding and . Stockton.
They report the tribes in gv>od condition
as to membership", finance and enthusi
asm.
At the last held council of Manzanlta
Tribe the warrior's degree was conferred
on two candidates. During the evening
the tribe was visited by Manzanlta Tribe,
and under good of the order there were
Bhort talks by James Boyes, G. S S
Henry A. Chase, P. G. S., F. W. Kewell
D. D. G. S., Thomas Roche, M. J Ma
gulre, P. S. of Bald Eagle Tribe, and
Charles Bruan, W. Y. Nelsh and Frank
J. Gray, past sachems of ' Manzanita
Tribe.
John R. Tyrrell, G. J. S., was a visitor
at the office of the great chief of records
last week.
The great council of the United States
closed its session at Milwaukee last Fri
day after a four-days session.
On the night of the 1st of October there
will be a Joint session of Yosemite Coun
cil. Matoka Council and Osceola Tribe In
Pythian Castle.
The general committee on Admission
day celebration held a meeting last Fri
day night at which there was a large at
tendance. After business there were a
number of congratulatory addresses on
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS
the magnificent showing the order made
in the parade and the statement was
made that the general opinion was that
the division of Improved Order of Red
Men was one of the grand features of the
parade.
Native Sons.
Milton A. Nathan and John J. Davis of
Army and Navy Parlor, who have been
appointed trumpeters to Grand Marshal
Costello, have both seen service. Nathan
was trumpeter for Company F of the
First California trumpeters, serving with
his company through the Spanish-Amer
ican war at the Philippines and in the
Filipino uprising, while Davis, who did
not have a chance to so to the front,
but was ready, served as trumpeter in
Company D of the Eighth California Vol
unteers. Both are active Native Sons and
still take an interest in National Guard
affairs.
Army and Navy Parlor, one of the
youngest In this city, proved itself one of
the most generous hosts of all the parlor*?
that entertained during celebration week.
Its headquarters in the Odd Fellows' Hall
were crowded every afternoon and even-
Ing and there was always a good pro
gramme of entertainment.
The Native Daughters.
Last Tuesday night Fremont Parlor of
the Native Daughters of the Golden West
closed its portion of the celebration by a
grand ball In the forestlike headquarters
of Sequoia Parlor at Saratoga Hall.
Despite the inclement weather, the at
tractions at the Mechanics' Pavilion and
elsewhere, there was a good atter.dar.ee,
which enjoyed a carefully prepared pro
gramme of dances and the hospitality of
this very energetic parlor. The function,
an evening dress one, was one of the most
enjoyable of the many given on the last
night of the celebration.
Through the blunder of some one
Minerva Parlor No. 2. which had been as
signed to the right of line in the Native
Daughters' division in accordance with a
rule that all local parlors should be placed
In numerical order, was deprived of its
proper position. This the second oldest
parlor In the organization feels the slight
very much and proposes to nnd out why n
was treated thus.
On the night of the 14th inst. San Lu
sita Parlor, N. D. G. W., of San Luis
Oblspo gave a social In Its tastefully
decorated hall. Evergreens, the national
and the parlor colors prevailed. In a
bower made up of flowers, smilax and
palms there were served between dances
icecream and lemonade. Miss Agnes Lee
and Miss Maude Scott -were respectively
floor and assistant floor managers. Mi3se3
Steenbeck. Kluver, Post, Hourihan, Rose
lip and Thomson composed the reception
committee. Ji , .
The ladies of Calaveras Parlor, who
paraded last Monday with Army and
Navy Parlor, attired in a natty costume
of blue, semi-military, and wearing fa
tigue hats, were the observed of all ob
servers, not only on account of the neat
ness of the costume worn and regularity
of step, but on account of the beauty of
the general membership. A cynic was
heard to remark: "I have seen many
gatherings of Native Daughters, and
while I have seen some beautiful women
there, I never saw so great an aggrega
tion of beautiful women in one parlor as
I just saw in Calaveras Parlor.'
On Thursday afternoon twenty Native
Daughters gave a luncheon to Grand
President Mrs. Ema, Gett at one of the
first-class rotlsseries. The rooms were
lavishly decorated with pink and white
roses, and the same kind of flowers and;
smilax were used to decorate the tables.
After the menu there were addresses by
the grand president, Past Grand Presi
dent Mrs. Lena H. Mills,* Past Grand
President Mrs. Mnry E. Tlllman, Mrs.
Minnie Gunzendorfer, Mrs. Agnes Lun
stedt. Past Grand Treasurer Mi?s
Eliza D. Keith, Mrs. Agnes McKay, Mrs.
Harry Meyers, Mrs. C. F. Kapp and Mrs.
A. D." Coddlngton. Several of those pres
ent enlivened the affair with songs and
all did honor to the guest of the occasion.
During Mrs. Gett's stay in this city her
suite of rooms was decorated each day
with beautiful flowers sent by Calafla
Parlor, of which she Is a member, by
other parlors and by personal friends.
The choice of Miss Emma. Anderson,
third vice president of Buena Vista Par
lor, N. D. G. W., to represent California
on the float of California Parlor in the
Sarade last Monday was a happy one, for
Ilss Anderson Is a beautiful typical Cali
fornia girl, and the members of her parlor
are very proud that she was chosen.
Ancient Order of Workmen. ,
Last "Wednesday night the members of
the San Francisco extension committee
accompanied Grand Master Workman C.
E. Snook to Fidelity Lodge for the pur
pose of instilling an enthusiasm In that
body. There were stirring addresses by
the grand master. Deputy Grand Master
Danforth, Past Grand Master Barnes,
Secretary of the Extension Committee
Molloy, District Deputy Stock, E. B.
Reed, Recorder Farless, Dr. Davis and
others.
Prosperity Lodge will have four candi
dates for initiation on Tuesday evening
Harmonv Lodge, which has had a phe
nomenal Increase in the past few weeks,
Is still adding to Its membershlp^roll.
The grand master and the grand re
corder paid a visit to the lodge in Gllroy
last Saturday.
The grand officers will pay a visit to
the San Jose lodges on the 26th Inst. and
on the 2Sth Sacramento Lodge will be vis
ited by the grand master and the deputy
grand master. ,
A new lodge with thirty members has
been instituted at Santa Maria.
Degree of Honor.
Last Wednesday night Forget Me Not
Lodge was visited bv the membership
of Silver Spray Lodge, on which occa
sion Miss Margaret Ohea. district deputy,
installed Mrs. Charles Shea as lady of
honor, Mrs. A. Bain as usher, "William
Bain as financier. Miss Miller as Inner
watch and Mr. Bain as outer watch. Dur
ing the evening there wns considerable
talk under good of the order. Among tne
visitors was Mrs. Rice of Los Angeles.
The extension committee of District No.
3. on the other side of the bay, will meet
this week in the hall of Sliver Star Lodge
for the purpose of laying out compaign
work.
A new lodge of the order was instituted
last Monday in the southern part of the
State by Grand Chief of Honor Mrs.
Flora J. Nay. Another lodge will be In
stituted by that officer in a short time,
possibly In the first week in October.
Shxiners Initiate.'
Last "Wednesday night Islam Temple of
the Ancient Arabic Order of the Mystic
Shrine held an important meeting in
Golden Gate Hall, when thirty candidates
were taken across the hot sands of the
Egyptian desert in order that they might
see the beauties of Oriental life. They
¦were accompanied on their Journey by
about 325 wearers of the red fez, who
themselves had traveled on the same
lines. The visit was followed by a grand
banquet in the lower hall, at which R. P.
Hurlbut, the potentate, presided. A. F.
Gunn, who recently returned from Hono
lulu, told of the reception that is await
ing the Shriners when they visit the Para
dise of the Pacific; Judge Wilson of Eu
reka had many pleasant things to say;
John Tonningsen, patron of Yerba Bucna
Chapter of the Eastern Star, spoke of
that organization in glowing terms, and
Sheriff Lackmann had a word or two to
pay on the Shriners and the Initiation.
Next Saturday the Shriners will pay a
visit to the Masonic Home at Decoto.
They will leave under the marshalshlp
of John Tonningsen at 1 o'clock in *the
afternoon.
Order Eastern Star.
Golden Gate Chapter has sustained the
loss by death of one of its oldest mem
bers—Mrs. Margaret Ellen Nye. Her fu
neral took place from Golden Gate Hall
on the Cth inst., where the church serv
ice was held by the Rev. Mr. Lyons, and
the service of the order was performed by
Miss Margaret Bila Bradley, the worthy
matron, and the other officers of the
chapter. Miss Grace Savage, the sweet
soprano of Mission Chapter, rendered the
vocal selections of the beautiful and Im
pressive pervice.
Olive Branch Chapter v.'lll have work
in the initiatory degree at its next meet
ing, on the evening of the 24th Inst.
Ivy Chapter has elected a number of
candidates and expects to initiate them at
their next session.
Last week the grand matron, paid an
official visit to Mission Chapter. There
was a large attendance and a very pleas
ant meeting'.
The following was the programme of
the children's party recently given by
Mission Chapter and the names of those
who participated:
First part — Piano solo. Miss Maud
Flack; vocal solo, Miss Adda Kllgore;
piano solo. Miss Mabel Ordway; dialogue,
Harry Christenson. Hattie Janes; vocal
solo. Master Lawrence. Second part —
•'Mother Goose and Family": Curly
Locks Lydia Hermann; Tom Tucker.
Alex King; Polly Flinders, Versa Bitley;
Little Miss Mofiet. Edna Schrader; Tom.
the Piper's Son. Freddy Keyston; Little
Eo-Peep, Margate Ha^arty; Tommy Tit
tlemouse, Charley King; Lucy Locxett,
Pearl Walker; Jack and Jill, Harry
Christenson, Helah Jaynes; Eetty Pringlc,
Beulah Walker: Jack Horner, Louis
Goodman: Red Ridinghood. Hattie Janes;
Simple Simon, Forrest Cobb; Queen of
Hearts. Corrinne Christsen; Little Boy
Blue, Jimmie Christenson; Little Milk
Maid, Carolyn Oliver; Mary, Quite Con
trary. Helen McPhun; Dr. Foster, George
Keyston: Mother Hubbard, Bessie Mc-
Phun; Queen Ann?, Hester Oliver; Baby
Bunting, Chester Ordway; Mother Goose,
Mrs. Flora J. Alger.
Mission Chapter will jrive an entertain
ment and dance in Mission Native Sons'
Hali. on Seventeenth street, on the night
of the 23th inst. The entertainment will
commence at S o'clock and the dancing an
hour and a half later.
On the night of the Cth inst. the grand
matron and tho prand patron paid an of
ficial visit to Oakland Chapter. During
the evening the grand matron was pre
sented a silver bonbon box and spoon and
tho grand patron a sliver inkstand and
ETold pen nnd holder.
Last Thursday the grand patron and
the assistant grand matron paid a visit
to Oak Leaf Chapter In Oakland.
The same night the grand matron and
the assistant grand patron paid an of
ficial- visit to Harmoiu" Chapter In this
city and they were greeted in the chapter
room by about two hundred members of
the order. Two candidites were initiated
in a very acceptable manner by the offi
cers and aftpr the ceremonies M. J. Sav
age on behalf of the chapter presented to
the grand matron a box containing a set
of costlv cut glass perfume bottles. Then
followed a banquet.
Oakland Chapter will give a party on
the 20th Inst. and Unity Chapter will give
cr.e on the 25th.
King Solomon Chapter will give an en
tertainment and dance on the evening of
Friday, the 21st Inst.. at Franklin Hall.
The Odd Fellows.
Last week Charles A. Suraner, past
grand, cave a talk on scenes and
incidents In foreign lands, with In
troductory, compared domestic views and
gave a few incidental references to cre
mation. This was In Encampment Hall,
Odd Fellows' building, under the aus
pices of Pacific Lodge No. 165. It was
for members of the lodge and their fam
ilies and friends, and there were many
present. The talk, which proved to be a
very entertaining one, was illustrated
with 150 stereoptlcon views.
On the 25th inst. Unity Lodge will cele
brate its anniversary. On that occasion
Past Grand Master Barnes will pay tho
lodge a visit and tell what he has done
for the fraternity in forty-five years.
Since Mr. Barnes has been in fraternal
work he has spoke on fraternity In every
State in the .Union.
Albert Edson, a veteran Odd Fellow,
who died a few days since, was a mem
ber of a Nevada lodge. His funeral was
held last Friday under the auspices of
the Veterans' Association of this city.
Grand Master William W. Watson has
returned to this city after his visits to the
mining districts. On the 23d of August he
visited Union Lodge, at North Bloomfleld;
on the 24th he was with Grass Valley and
Golden Star lodges, In Grass Valley; on
the 25th he visited Samaritan Lodge, at
"WaslunRton: on the 27th, Oustomah
Lodge, at Nevada City; 28th. Mountain
Rose Lodge, at Rough and Ready; 29th,
Fredonia Lodge, at Smartsvllle; SOth.
Yuba and Oriental lodges, at Marysville;
"1st, Meridian Lodge, at Meridian, and on
September 1st, Suiter Lodge, at Wheat
land. The visit of the Grand Master to
the lodges of the mining districts of the
State has been a most interesting one. It
has been productive of a most kindly fra
ternal feeling between the visitor and the
one visited. The lodges he found all pros
perous and progressive, the officers pro
ficient In the work and enthusiastic In the
performance of their duties. During his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
HOW INDIA'S MILLIONS STARVE.
The South Park Improvement Club met
last night and passed a resolution in
structing M. McBride, a delegate tfl tne
Republican County Convention from the
ThirtlPth Assembly District, to Introduce
a resolution b<foro that convention in
dorsing H. C. Henderson for appointment
by Mayor Phelan to the vacancy on the
Board of Supervisors causod by the death
of Colonel Duboco. Mr. Henderson, who
had the support of the clul> in the elec
tion, received the highest vote of any of
the deflated candidates. The club also
appointed a committee of three to secure
a' large hall for a meeting place. Active
v.ork is being done by the club in urging
voters to register.'
South Park Improvement Club.
OAKLAND. Sept. 15.— To settle the su
premacy on the baseball diamond of the
Oakland or Stockton lodge of Elks the
rival lodge nln^s will cross bats to-mor
row nt Golden Gate. The proceeds will be
devoted to the Galveston storm sufferers.
Kach nine has won one game, -and to
morrow's match will decide a long unset
tled question.
Elks on Baseball Field.
The most distressing phase of all this Indescribable mlsery
was the little children, who seem to be In constant agony,
Internal and external. They did not cry aloud, because they
lacked the vital inner force for such effort. Though their
faces were constantly crying no sound was heard, and as we
looked at these innocent, helpless little things, so emaciated,
hollow-templed, sunken-eyed, the nape of the neck so snarply
indented under the skull that the head looked abnormally
large and ill-supported, the burden of sympathetic grief became
almost unbearable. Sometimes tears rolled down their cheeks,
and the mother, sitting next to this child/would wipe the
tears away with a part of her dirty, filthy garment, and some
thing like a sigh , would . escape to indicate the depth of sor
row that was laying hold upon her heart
I Houseless and homeless these unfortunates sleep in the
streets of Bombay at night. They He down Just where they
happen to find themselves when tiredness overtakes them,
and It is no exaggeration to say'thkt I have seen as many
as 500 sleep on the sidewalk of a single block, lying so closely
that it was almost impossible to thread one's way througn
the maze. In the less frequented Btreets they sleep also in
the driveways, and In order to drive through without accident
It is necessary to send an advance courier to wake up the
sleepers. Of course they have neither bed nor covering, and
to see the little ones cuddle up to their mothers Is one of
the most pathetic, touching sights that I have ever witnessed.
Every effort has been put forth by the city to disperse the
hungry crowds and return them to the country, but necessity
recognizes no law, and desperation yields to no entreaties.
What they want is bread, bread, bread, for themselves and
their loved ones, and the city Is their last hope. If that falls
them they must perish, and if die they must they may as
well die there as elsewhere.
most persistent In their entreaties were the nursing mothers,
and nearly every othrr woman belonged to that class, and the
saddest sight of all was the poor child-mothers, themselves in
need of maternal attention, hugging their emaciated, hollow
templed and sunken-eyed babies with an intensity of affection
that almost broke our hearts to witness, particularly in view
of our utter helplessness to relieve their distress.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Pacific Council of the Order of Chosen
Friends will celebrate its twenty-first an
niversary on the nipht of the 20th inst.
Jn it* hall in the Alcazar building. An
Interesting programme will be presented
to those who will be invited. This council
has appointed F. Robinson as Its solicitor.
Supreme Representative Gibson Is still
at' work In the East in tho work or ex
tension- - .
j ward us and after us, completely surrounding the carriage and
entreating us every step of the way. I was tempted to give
them all I had, but a missionary who accompanied me begged
me not to do It, fearing if we gave to some that the rest would
I become frantic and endanger our safety.
j All along the drive of over two miles, between our hotel and
I the llarathl Mission, doorways, stoops and curbstones were oc
j cupled by these helpless unfortunates, many of them more
j than three- fourths naked and all of. them miserably clad. Tho
ONE-HALF OP India to-day la a great charnel house.
In which countless thousands have already perished of
cholera, plague, dysentery and starvation, and as
many more are doomed to a like fate, says Dr. Louis
Klopsch In the Philadelphia North American. How
to describe It so as to bring: it within the grasp of
the human mind I know not Twenty thousand new
cases of cholera weekly, with 75 per cent mortality,
representing 15.000 deaths every seven days; plague on
every hand, dysentery mowing down its victims right and left,
and starvation staring millions boldly and defiantly in the
face, reaping a harvest unprecedented— these tell the horrible
story as accurately as a brief prose summary of Milton's
"Paradise Lost" would convey a sense of its poetic sublimity.
The skeleton may be there, but the soul Is wanting.
On the day of our arrival in Bombay the streets were liter
ally crowded with walking skeletons. Every step of the way
we were beset and besieged by men, women and children in the
last stages of destitution, piteously begging for a mite that
they might eat and live. They prostrated themselves before
us, calling upon us as "the protectors of the poor, our father
and mother, our king and our God," to save them from star
vation. >-
They lifted up their hands in earnest supplication and ut
tered their petitions while vigorously slapping their naked, hol
low stomachs to Indicate that for a long time they had had noth
ing to eat. They held out their hands with a beseeching look,
hoping that we might drop a coin that would purchase at least
enough food to satisfy their hunger Just for an hour. Gaunt
men, emaciated women, with parched bosoms, with nursing,
diminutive, hollow-eyed, sickly babies; children with legs and
arms like clothespins and every rib plainly, visible— all ran to-
33
ri.i llarket St. B.F. f Sbattoek At, P«rk«ley
9th A: Ww'h'n, Oai } Ortral Are, Alameda
7tJa & Wood. Oak. 1 59 1st Street, San Jos*.
Fancy Crea mei^ Butter
Point Eejrcs or turn--- .. _,, _ - efl
boldt crearaerie*. SquraC 35C
Mondav acd Tuesday.
Tepee Soap 12 bars 25c
Mad* by fadahy 'Omaha) fits the
*tuid sazne as J>aox. Rfg- 8 for 25c.
Tapan Rice 6 pounds 25c
Larff«». plump kern-Is.
Ooks rrhlte. Regular 5o.
Scnepp's Cocoanut
FuBcy abrodded. poUIld IOC
jiaekaff* . at 20c a ponnd.
B romance ion pkg. ioc
t or rFwV™? qiick jelly or fancy
(Vr*erts. AU flarors. Beg. 2 Tor 25c.
Faucv Japan Tea lb. 35c
I'ncoloreo Spider Leg. Beg. STc.
Sunny Brook Whiskey
full quart bottle £1.00
DiatOlMT tottiing. Full proof.
R.?«-u!ar {1.25.
Monogram Whiskey
BSas^fu, 1 .! 3 uart 95°
Zinfandel Wine gallon 35c
;W4 Viatagfl. Extra ordinary
cut. Regular <Wc.
Kellogg's Whiskey
BSSSf . bottle 75c
Cream de Menthe $1.00
Fancy decanter. Imported. Reg. $1.53
London Dock Gin 70c
Old Torn. Beg. 80c
I ,/^ % .1) from the horrors of A
I I .|||L D y s P e psia and the 1
| % "llllt\ intensified horrors of |
i vS.^iiiv Insomnia by taking |
I Vample sent os Joii&son's I^igcstive I
R APPLICATION TO " p
I p^mTcSco, Tablets (Papoids) I
U New BruMwick, N.J. , \ * / gj. The famous farm of the late Ward Mc-
I Allister at Middletown, R. I., is about to
et'er° nV ° rte<i llU ° a Roman Catholic com-
Lepers who live outside the two homes
draw from the Government a fixed
amount of money as a "clothes ration
order every six months, in addition to
a weekly allowance in provisions. Tho
Bishop home and the Baldwin home draw
their supplies through the board as re
quired. Many of the lepers have friends
outside who provide incomes for them
There are TIC buildings of all classes, in
cluding two school houses, two Protes
tant, two Catholic and two Mormon
churches, a courthouse and a jail.—Har
per s Weekly.
Leper Settlement in Hawaii.
A pleasant surprise party was given by
the Veteran Firemen's hand to J. B. des
Sparr at his residence. 3417 Twenty-sixth
street, last Saturday evening. Those who
i attended were: J. 11. Cuppall, C. Casein,
I B. Windrow, E. des Sparr, II. des Sparr,
J. B. Sanda, R. Bragg. II. Kragg, II.
Peterson, J. Murphy, B. Clumm. T. Mc-
Donald. M. Anderson, B. Amiot, H. Dor
gelot, C. A. Roberts, J. Kamna, C. Ford,
L. Wicht, C. Anderson, J. CTNeil, M.
Shaw, K. Ryan, M. McDonald. A. Dor
gelot, M. Dorgelot, S. Dorgelot, Mrs. An
derson, Mrs. Sweeney, Mrs. J, des Span.
Pleasant Surprise Party.
I Mrs. J. R. Kentzel. Mrs. T. Neise, Mrs.
j Iv Enright. Mrs. J. P. Duffy, Mrs. II.
1 McGurron, Misses T. Brown. B. Kennedy,
! K. Desmond. C. Devlin, M. Ourley, j.
! Smith. S. Hurley, A. Convey. D. Jennings,
A. Smith. L. English, Mary Cooper. L.
Rourke, K. Galvin, E. Toohy, M. Convey,
M. Power, M. V. Power.
The postgraduates of St. Brlgld's Acad
emy will hold an entertainment and dance
j at Golden Gate Hall, C.25 Sutter street, on
j Monday evening. September 24. Well
| known talent will participate nnd an en
joyable evening is assured. The following
will have charge of the affair:
Enteitainnient and Dance.
York; Alameda— E. M. Smith; Point
j Arena— (leu vgc J. Brown, M. D.; Crockett
1 —John McMahon.
The young ladles of the class of 1904 of
the University of California most suc
cessfully entertained the freshmen at a
reception last evening at Styles Hall. The
decoratior.s were most artistically de-
Club Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Gilbert gave a re
ception last Friday evening to Mr. and
Mrs. E. H. Baldwin of Grayson, at their
home. 915 Buchanan street. A delightful
?¦ver.ing was spent with music and games.
Refreshments were served at a late hour.
About forty friends were present.
A party was givon to Miss Myrtle O'D*>a
at her residence, ?f/i Eleventh L«.reet; Sun
day. September 2. Among those present
wf>re Mr. and Mrs. ODea, Misses Grace
O'Dea. Florence Foley. Carrie Dolliver.
Mae Reilly, Hattie Cordell, May Cox,
May Rei'.ly. Irene Cox. Margerette Cash
man. Iri'ne Fay. E. Reilly, Estell
Dolliver, Agnes Roilly, Vara Cox, Lottie
Foley. Loretta Marron, Ida Moss, Lillian
Mever. Ella Martins. Lena Pelton.
Driscoll. T. Lewis, Leon. Alfred and Her
m&c Borraza.
A pleasant party was given in honor of
the birthday <-i Mii-s Lizzie Katz at her
residence. lu40 Folsom street, on the even
ing of September 5>. At 11 p. m. the gu. sts
repaired to the dining room, where a
splendid repast was In waiting. ; Songs,
games and dancing was kept up till an
i-nrly hour in the morning. Among those
present were: J. Lloyd, M. B^rlant. J.
Kylamsky. H. Braumbc-rg, B. Sidlowskl,
J. Fremont. Jop Samuels. Jake Samuels,
Louis Katz. Mr. Bernstein; Mr. lia.yer.
Miss Xudelman, Miss F. Cohn, Miss
Bayer. Miss MorriBcn, Miss Halpin, Miss
Sidlowski, Misa Bessie Katz, Mlsa Lizzie
Katz and Miss Samuels.
rhomas Harris and James Doherty were
elected to serve a.s a board of directors
\vith the above named oflicers. The Ala-
Jestlcs' membership is limited to twenty
live couples, and it is the intention to have
only members present at the assemblies.
At present each member is allowed one
extra invitation. %
The twenty-iifth invitation musioale and
hop given by the McKenzie Musical Soci
ety will take place at Odd Fellows' Hail
Thursday evening, September 20. The fol
lowing excellent programme has been pre
pared for the occasion: Overture iWe.isel);
waltz song, "Cheerfulness" (Cumpert)i ar
ranged by McKenzie, McKenzie Musical
Society; male quartet, 'On Dross Parade"
(Double Eagle March), arranged by Mc-
Kenzie. W. A. Mitchell, It. \V. Pfaellle. F.
A. Griffin^, Henry Pfaeflle; "A Dream"
(Robyn), Minnie Schneidctj serenade
(Schubert) i McKenzie Musical Society;
"Caprice Bohemia',' (Wells), arranged by
McKenzie. McKenzie Musical Society; (a)
"Don't You Cry. Ma Honey " (Noll), (b)
Bavarian yodel, "Der Wasserfal (in
German), ladies' quartet— Mrs J. C. Laws,
Mr3. Alice Hawkes. Miss K. Carroll. Miss
E. Breitengross and McKenzie Musical
Society; tamburltza solo (.Croatian na
tional instrument), F. S. Milasich: "My
Sweetheart When a Boy" (Morgan), Mas
ter Georpr> Kroger; "In Spain," McKenzift
Musical Society; "The Blue and the Gray"
(Dressen arranged by McKenzie, Mc-
Kenzie Musical Society.
The thirty-eighth concert of tho Music
Teachers' Association of California ¦will
take place on Wednesday evening, Sep
tember 19. at Kohler & Chase Hall. The
following is the programme that has been
arranged for the occasion:
Remarks, by the president; piano solo,
"Sonatina" (Kohler). Mlsa Bertha E.
Kirkland; piano solo, "Spring Song"
(Mendelssohn), Miss Bertha Baden; pupils
kit A.» O. Eckman; vocal solo, (a) "The
LJly and the Poppy" (Alonzo Stone), (b)
•'Dreamland" (W. P, Sudds). Master Ar
thur DodRt\ pupil of Mrs. Genevieve H.
Wright; piano solo. "Polaoca" (KUhlan),
Miss Charlotte Nelson; piano solo, "Ron
do" (Haydn). Miss Ida Shaughnessy;
piano solo, "Valse Styrienne" (Wollen
haupt). Miss Flora Parsons, pupils of
Mrs. P. O. Peterson; fa) melody, "In Old
Madrid" (Trotere), Mirs Gertrude Cald
well; (b> song, "Love's Sorrow" (Shellev),
Harry Maurer; (c) iwo-part song, "I
Would That My lyovf;" (MendtMssohn).
tirst voice— Jerry O'Connor, Gertrude
Caldwell. Edith Klemrninp. second voice —
Harry Maurer, Maria Roeckel Mario
Ropcfcel, pupils of Mme. Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel: piano solo, (a) Etude No. 6 (Cra
mer), (h) bolero, "Spanish Dance" (Mosz
kowskH. Miss Annie Miller, pupil of Mrs.
J. A. Whiteside; piano solo, (a) "Barcar
olle." F minor (Rubinstein), (b) "Pasquin
ade" (Gottschalk),, Miss Mary Maubury,
pupil Senor 8. Arril!aga; piano solo. "Valse
Brillante" CMnszkowski). Miss Isabel Wil
son, pupil of Samuel Bollinger; violin solo,
"Fantasle Eapagnole," Miss Gladys
Couth, accompanied Dy Mr. Rogers, pupil
of T. D. Herzog.
The San Francisco Ladles' Singing Club
will hold the second rehearsal of the third
season Monday afternoon, September 17,
at 2:45 p. m. at Elks' Hall, on Sutter
street. Ladies interested in the study of
ensemble singing- are cordially invited 'to
be present and join in the work; for the
ensuing season. Mr. Robert Lloyd is- the
conductor, Mrs. Marie Gutterson the ac
companist of the society.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Livingston Dunn ami
the'r daughter Bes&le are now at homo,
JS23 Oak street, after spending some pleas
ant months in Kurope.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Levy (nee Brande
/¦",-'¦•¦¦#:¦?•:•. ..:¦¦':¦:
O1NE OF OUR INEW F^OSSBSSSOINS.
SENORITA SILVIA ALFONSO, A REIGNING BELLE IN HAVANA. CUBA. RECENTLY DECLARED BY POPULAR
VOTE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL. GIRL IN THAT CITY.
•— 1| — His past wi>flt has r""*>n Riven over ,
, entirely to the stMi-centes:r.ial cele- •
|j I ration and ih« entertainment of j
Kueste from the interior who came j
to participate ir. tbe i.any }ilea^ure.-« ot- \
Icred by ihe .Va:!.e i>,::s ar.d Ouushters. t
..¦ ¦". ¦ :v w.ro many luncheons and
I [inera thej' were noa!:y a:; informal af- i
;:.:rs ar.il }iard!y to be numbered atnougi
Ibe prominent feature? of the history- j
::.akir.p w.>?k nrblcli boasted nf many ;
lanre dances and a marnlflcent ball.
MiFf'P Ada and Ruth Clarice, daugh
ters of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Oarke. at
3S17 Broderick street; entertained a Email
party of pueKt? at th<-!r h<"me recently in
rioror nf Mis? Gertrude \V!i=>man of Sac
laRiffito. The hnmc wa« prettily arranged
for the pathrrincr. Hearts was played and
a fuppf-r served. Aninrgr the puests were
the uissn Ethel t.'ooScy. !>>ui«o Hrnwn
<]]. Opal Pterce. Eva Fassfnir of Alamerfa
and Huth and Ada Clarke; Messrs.
Charles P.irh^r. Paul CastJehom. K'mr.re
J*n1r.p-A('H. Rny Bunusers, Fov Cothr-rn.
Frank BOQthacfe and Ludefl Triro.
A fleSIrfon* luncheon ¦ran nerved Friday
rt rooc by Mr*. .Tohi A. Dirrssfrr at their
residence. 1S21 1 - Kddv street. The Eruppt<5
at the dainty <-prr-ad were tho ladles of
¦the Informal Lunch Ciuh. which organ
ization Is composed of twelve members
«r.d meets once a mnnth. f;ach lady artlr.gr
as a hostess ax least orice in the year.
The date of Mrs. Dirrsppn's luncheon
vas al«i the third anniversary of her
msrriajr^. The ta^]*>s were tastefully dec
ornted with roses and ferns, violet? and
rrrTax. Those r"-p«5*>nt were: Mrs. Gahri
f\ Moulin. Mrs. Georfr- F. Pmfth. Mrs. Dr.
r\ H. Carlson. Mr«. P. L. Johnson. Mr?.
T. H. Reynolds. Mrs. W. H. TobJn. Mrs
r T. CroT-ell, Mrs. M. J. Case. Mrs. J.
P31lson. Mrs. John Curran. Ulss Mabel
fNnTan. Mrs. E. CJaust and Master R. A.
P5ers«">n.
A pl^;-<«ant far^wll supper was Riven
Tuesday evening. September 11. by Mr.
ami Mrs. Joseph Michaels of 1027 Claj
street In honor of M>e Adler, United
States-- Deputy Marshal of New York, whe
ft'&9 here OH a j-hort visit during the. semi
centennial Cflekration. The house was
bti-.utifuliy decorated with flowers and
lia^s. Amon?r the guests pn-sent at th<
festive board wtre: Abe Adler, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Goldman, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Sjjirljjs-cr, Dr. and Mrs. A. S. Tuchler. Mr.
nnd Mrs. Frank Tuchler, .Abe Tuchler.
Ike Tuchler ;ind Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Michaels.
Miss Pearl Ogan of Glen Ellen was £iven
a reception by the Misses Mao and Arnit
CSalX&eber at their residence. :£S Van Ness
avenue, Thursday evening, September 3:.'.
A very pltasant evening wan parsed in
zamos, music and dancing. Those present
were: Misses' Pearl Ogan. Annie Gal
lagrher. LJllic JK-nuing. • Nellie Gallagher,
I'earl Crunsaulus, Mae Gallagher. Messrs.
Lloyd L<ovejoy, KO Kenny, Peter Gal
lagher. Leo Kane, Joe Curley and Will
LJleason.
Lcuit Monday Mrs May A. O'lirien, as
sisted by her daughter. May Drlscoll. tn
tertaJned a number cf friends at her resi
lience. 31S Kearny street. After viewing
the parade lunch wrcs served ;;nd then fol
lowed an afternoon of music, son^a and
recitatit;!!?. The jju»*t5 were: Mesdames
I'iiibi.-e, Connolly, Dickey and Barraza,
Mif^-es Connolly, I/Ottic Wyatt, Alma
•Stammer jind Mamie Priscoll. and Messrs.
Dickey. J. Swift. A. Bwlft; W. Wllkins. O.
.\-imajid. R. White. W. Connolly. Edward
signed, owing to the efficient superintend
ence of Miss Trincaro. Miss Sinne, chair
man of the reception committee, assisted
by a few others, made the guests thor
oughly at home. College talent enter
tained the guests throughout the evening.
Tre committee consisted of Misses D. T.
Spencer (chairman), Dorothy Schroder,
Cecelia Grozeller. Mabel Young, L. Hall
nnd V. Whitehcad.
One hundred and thirty Christian En
fleavorers of this city indulged in a moon
light trolley car ride recently, going to
the Cliff [louse, where an open air song
service was hold. A most excellent pro
gramme v.-as carried cut at the Olivet
Presbyterian Church. Miss Kdyth Mills,
Miss Pengally and Dan Lawrence were
the soloists and the San Francisco Male
quartet and the orchestra of Trinity
Presbyterian Church contributed to the
excellent nrocrammc.
In the Future.
ine .Majesties, one or the most popular
JanoinK clubs in this city, will open the
ail dancing season with a grand assembly
n B.vd Men's Assembly Hall, 320 Post
street; on Wednesday evening, October 10.
I'hc symi-annual election of officers was
leld Thursday evening. Those chosen to
serve for the ensuing term are: Presi
dent. James A. Geddes; vice president,
ft'illiam F. Harris; secretary-treasurer,
Emil C. Stenberg; corresponding secre
tary. Miss Nell Foley. George Klarmann.
PUNCXOATION-fT. B. G.. City. The
use of the comma in punctuation la one
about which there is a great difference
of opinion, but the better method is to
omit the comma, except in those cases
where Us Insertion would prevent ambig
uity. The general rule, in a sentence like
"manufacturers cf crackers candy and
macaroni." is to place a comma after
"crackers" and avoid a comma before
"and." The fact that 'one grammar says
that in such a sentence there ought to be
a comma before the word "and" is no
proof of its correctness, as there are any
number of grammars and works on punc
tuation that hold the other way. If any
number of volumes are examined with
reference to placing a comma before
"and" when three or more words placed
In the same category are connected there
will be found in some "Faith, and hope,
and charity," while in others there will
be found "Faith and hope and charity."
There is no positive authority with re
gard to placing a comma before "and."
BANKS AND BANK BILLS— W. A.,
Berkeley; CaL It appears that banks
were in existence in Rome, Greece, Baby
lon, China and other ancient places be
fore the Christian era. The earliest rec
ords of European banks now in existence
are those of the Bank of Venice, founded
in A D. 1711: the Bank of Barcelona,
founded in 1401; the Bank of Geneva,
founded in 1407, and the Bank of Amster
dam in 1609. The oldest bank notes of
which there is any record were issued in
China as far back as 2fc>7 B. C. The Chi
nese called it "flying money," and they
were in form similar to bank notes of the
present time. They bore such mottoes as
"Produce all you can," "Spend with econ
omy" and the like. These bills bore on
the face the penalty for making imitations
of them.
THE SUN— A. P. R., City. In view of
the fact that the sun In San Francisco
never gets above 23^ degrees north
of the equator, it always appears to
the south. For that reason the north
side of streets running parallel with Cali
fornia street is the sunny si<3e, although
at certain hours the sun. when it is set
ting, shines on the south side of such
ptroets. In July the azimuth of the sun
is north 64 west. The variation of the
compass at San Francisco is 16 degreed
34 minutes east.
PIMPLES-Subscrlber, City. Pimples
are a result of a condition of the blood,
different in different people. To get rid
of them consuit a reputable physician,
who, after a diagnosis of the case, will
give the proper remedy. There is no rem
edy that will In every case remove
pimples by the use of it. It may be good
in one case and disastrous in another.
A LATIN QUOTATION-A. N, M., City.
"Mutato nomine, de te fabula narratur,"
is Latin from Horace and the meaning is:
"Change but the name, the tale Is told of
you. "It has also been translated to mean,
"You smile at tbe satire, while you sup
pose it is leveled at another; yet, if the
names were altered,. :you would find it
reaches to your own business and bosom."
AN APPRENTICE— tV. S., Empire. Or.
A young man who has graduated, from a
mechanical school who wishes to get into
the navy-yard at Mare Island, Cal., as an
apprentice, must make application to the
secretary of the employment bureau, stat
ing how far advanced he is and what his
capabilities are. He will then be sent a
circular of advice.
THE DURKEE ESTATE— Subscriber,
Oakland, Cal. There was a claim against
the United States for a large amount of
money by the Durkee estate, but on June
16 last the claim was disallowed. There
was an article on the subject In The Call
of June 3, li)00, page 17, column 2.
COUPONS— M. M., Oakland, Cal. If a
guardian has 3 per cent bonds with the
coupons attached and wishes to increase
the value of the same, it is the duty of
the guardian to detach the coupons at
maturity, collect the amount and deposit
that amount in a bank where It will draw-
Interest.
CONTINENTAL CURRENCY-S. R. T.,
Fruitvale. Cal. A seven-dollar bill. Con
tinental currency, issue 1776. has no com
mercial value at this time, it is worth
only what some one would be willing to
give for it as a relic of those times.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW— S. Y., City. The
eight-hour law applies to all laborers,
workmen and mechanics who may be em
ployed by or on behalf of the United
States.
THE COLIMA — N. N., City. The
steamer Colima of the Pacific Mail line,
lost on the Central American coast, did
not run between San Francisco and
Peru.
SWIFTEST BIRD— M. T., Oakland, Cal.
It is said that the kestril, or English spar
rowhawk, is the swiftest bird. It has been
known to attain a speed of 150 milea an
hour.
A DIME OF 1S95— A. R. O. T. C, City.
A dime of 1S1I5, bearing upon it the letter
"S" to signify that it was coined in San
Francisco, is worth just 10 cents.
GOLDSMITH MAID— O. S.. City. The
fastest time by Goldsmith Maid was made
by her when she was IS years old. It was
in 1S74 on the Mystic track, Boston.
DR. HEMBOLD— S.. City. Dr. H. T.
Hembold, the patent medicine man, died
in the State Asylum for the Insane at
Trenton, N. J., October 24, 1891.
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing guests are registered at Skasgs Hot
Springs. Sonoma County: From San Fran
cisco—Robert Martin, R. L. Barry, A. >J.
Tucker, Isidore Burns and wife, E. "W.
Hulford, Miss Maud Hulford, J, P.
Them. F. Manheim, B. Eagen, T. B.
Eagen, B. F. Webster, F. W. Webster, W.
P. Higginbotham and wife, John Struren.
Adolph A. Schumann, V,'. J. Martin;
Santa Rosa-Wlls Skaggs, D. E. Martin,
Charles D. Snyder, E. I>. Finley. Vernon
Goodwin; Healdsburg— Ed Dennis, A. A.
At the Resorts.
Krancisco after an extended trip through
southern California and the Southern and
Western States.
Mrs. W. A. Giselman and Marshall
Ulselman sailed f«r Europe September I
on the Kaiser AVilhelm der Grosse,
wo v> J - Rowa « an < ! mother, Mrs. R.
\\ . Conn of Los Angeles; have returned
Irom Del Monte, where they have been
for the. past week.
_ Frank Deardorf will leave on the Doric
for China and Japan.
Charles F. Lutgen has returned from his
vacation, which he has spent in the moun
tains of rsapa County.
Mr. and Mrs. Abner McKinley and
their daughter and son-in-law, Dr. and
Mrs. H. L. Baer, v.-ill leave Somerset, Pa.,
m a few days for a visit to San Francisco.
I hey will remain two or three days in this
city, the guests of Mr. and JIr«. George K
Morse, 1517 Fell s-treet.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Holiman have re
turned from Vichy Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. L.. Bley (nee Bien) have
returned from their European trip. Mrs.
Bley will be pleased to see her friends' on
Monday. September 17, at Hotel Granada.
Mrs. Bertha Bamborgcr and her daugh
ter. Miss Leonie Kuh, leave the latter
part of the month for a six months' trip
to the Eastern and Southern States. Prior
to their departure they will receive at
their home on Tuesday, September 18.
Dr. and Mrs. Albert J. Scholl of Los An
geles are at the Grand Hotel.
Miss Minnie Kusel of Oroville is visit
ins Mrs. Emil Cohn at 2011 Pine street.
\V. H. Wiester and family, after having
spent two months in San Rafael, have re
turned to their home In this city.
Mrs. B. W. Paulsen left Hamburg on
'»<> Graf Waldersee for home on the 3d
•f September.
Dudley E. Behlow has returned to San
man) will receive their friends at 4106
Twentieth street, near Castro, on Sep
tember 23.
Miss Pauline "Wormser of this city is at
the Waldorf Astoria. New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1(5, 1900.
34
Home Gatherings
Mnri"?.y r.iRht a pretty Uttle woddirs:
t-ck plare in SL John's EpiscapaJ Church.
3 ev. L. «'. S::r;ford officiating. Esther
j ¦ • . the charmlns danphter of Richard
< :: : : '•. v.:.-; ;:i.i'rd to ItuFseil B. Oam
. .. ;t ;ju:;; m;in of thil ci;y. held in
! '_'. esteem by !::s friends a;"l his co
\ rlicrt in the Sn-a;h«.tn Pacific.
JUs: iV.-fi Plnnisan and .\*iss Helen
< .:. .r::. bridesmaid ar.«l maid of honor,
lespectlvely; w -•¦ attired in dainty crea-
IJona • f pink. The lV5T\-fr pirls. Miss Mills
i.d Mis? Kesbitt. <a>tins flowers be*ore
the hride. or. h<r father'* arm. finnei a
j retty ;mrt ••¦f the bridal procession. Kd
¦* :*i J. Canrnbererr was best man. Mr.
3 rk:<y ard Trary Berry officiated as
t'shcrs.
Rott re :^<" happy rouple were r.nai:-.
rniled to holy w.-«i!ock Miss \Y ?.;»>«=>- ren
r r. •! •'Adore and Iv Still" (Gounod)
. fter the Cfremony the newly married
1 ,\r s 1 od before the church entrance and
received U»e rnnsrratulations of their nu
?!"T"t;- friends thfe ."pFembled.
The closest friends &nd relatives par
took of ¦ hanotiet at the home of the
1 -i(V's p.nrent=. G6K No< street. Tuesday
nrrnirt; the oot;ri!e started on their hor.ey
rnoon tM Lake Tahoe. to be pone several
v.rrkr.
Adolph Prhmidt airi Mi?s Jepsira Hou
r'rt v\"fre united in marriage on Saturday
r'.Kh'- at the groom's hnme. 221 Lanpton
rtreet. A liost of friends phiwered cun-
ETatuIations on the happy couple.
Wedding Bells.
The e:;fi3p<rr.ipr.t ?s announced of Miss
Margaret C Coffer of Va'.iejo and Ja.:nes
M. Kay of V >?: Co'etau The wedding will
irikr- place In Vailcjo the latter part of
Ihim ti:- nt i..
inrltatli as !.ave been ls«u«I by Mr. and
l.:s. Charles Lyrnan tor the cuuriaga of
'. .••.! ..'::-. i:-h lor J:ur«'l to Robert Kor.sall
J ....,; .x. Lh* California Il»i*i next Tues
i., y evening. Tbe groom ".<> be is* ifA- ?jn
c. ;. lave Captain William A. and Mrs.
J :ui):, > > ... ;a.»n )'iijiiipa durtntf i!u
j. — ..> >ear» ;i. v;:;ieli he ie. v id:J :ri rian
) . .» ..«...¦<.•¦•. Hat prcm»iicnu; connected
y.aa ... cotszncrcui] erowtn of tuts atyj
j ¦ nas t>uperuitcndcnt of uie Oregon
t ..:...-....¦. .i..<: Navigation Company, h<*r
i r v t ;..:::.^i.urjt-r, iicliooi Unecior and
;....:> intptctor of Huiis ati'J Boilers tot
i/.c . ..!»<.•« tuitfs Government. Young*
} ..;!!:; s I as Icoi: connected with tlv tirm
. Lc.:. :...:::. * nr:.j,'ii" & llayden for the
] • :. i.:.<-. r. > >-«rs. dm ing which time nt
! !;•¦•:: cany rx span si !_•:*• and tru>te-J
J .-¦:¦<:.:--.
1 h • Rgagement r^eptir-n of Miss Net
lie Morris ; : «1 Louis Ettling will take
; ¦ ¦• ..- .-' j::.2:>\ . September 16, from 2
o'clock ai Liie reild«nc« .>f Mr. and
I - ... rris, T..'i McAiiistcr street.
Mrs i-. I.'.:.. ir. <>f KaJSt Oakland an
: . ¦ • t-« ifc<e cceagfnscnt of her daughter.
I -ra. to Arthur C Evans, who is i-on
; ¦ i with :h»- lirm cf <Jttz i.ns. of San
J .ar.ciFco. The wedding wj!l % tak. place
< ¦> In December.
. • :.>,.'£• '.. at ha.t i een anoounced of
,:-> >.!...»' i-;::sw.ir',h Or- en^. rlaupht-jr
»f Ju^tr- \v. i:. «:ri'e:i^ of Oakland, to
»'ia:: B. K. < ¦>• per; son of the int«? J. B.
} Cooper of San Francisco ami Mon-
I ¦ ;
Me v. -.M;r=r of Miss Kattie Ix-noir and
I.. H. Saltier wiM '..ik<> {>1.-:'-r at r.oor. to
«*;iy, Siiritjav. B*i>tenaber IS, at the resl
denei f the brides mother, 516 Golden
< : a*«? avenue.
A!r. ;;r.1 l!rs. J. Weiss of IlttA Eddy !
;¦ • . tcaocrcc the • i.nc^rn-^t of thtir j
daughter, 1-Iii--. tr> !le::rv Simon.
They're Engaged.
SOCIETY
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
I' 1 }; .and MJtS. A. W. THAVKRSE, Donohoe
S3J*ftE™» Market 6t.. cor. Taylor, . roon; d
ZS-29/lViUl the electric needle without pain or
6car. Permanency Kuaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p. m
The greatest skin food and tissue builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by maklntf the skin firm.
It renders the skin soft,
smooth, clear, white and i " . _^ ' '
youthful. It Is a liquid. x»1b£\&>^
Any cream of the con- £?%&>ir»-&» l <8k,
Bistency of butter will
stimulate the growth of i^tt£p&$>^%a!
hair on the face. Brah- VtejAT **2>*^"i'ftcl'
man Toilpt Cream is v:«WW 'It i fi&
guaranteed not to do so. 1 SSlM "SCXh***!
Price 25c. Brahman Tooth ) v aE«^. <£&&?•>
Powder 25c. All drugRlsts W^W^TP'r^^
and at office of A. \V. 'W«£*GBSf3^,7?
TRAVERSE. M. D. l^rge TT^-t^^T^...-
stock always at J. S. Potts' Drue Co.. 101G
Market St., bet. Powell and Mason.
SPECIAL DISTTaY SALE OF
Brahman 'toilet Crenm and Brahman
Tooth Powder This Week nt the
GL.OBB - PHAKfflACY,
. 1488 Market St., opp- Central Park.
*£ '%*/- * £b
Anita Cream is 3 medicinal preparation which not only re- 2
moves tan and freckles, but eradicates blotches, liver patches, pim- £T
pics and al! disco'orations of the skin. It is highly recommended j£
** L\y physicuns and dermatologists. It contains nothing injurious 5^
_^ or unr.cai<<!2t. |*s
2 Anita Cream will transform a muddy or weather-stained ***
"s* cempiexion to it» original transparency and clearn?ss.
zz% Anita Cream actually "co.ix:*s a new skin" to the surface
-i* by moving the outer cuticle in small dust-like particles without in-
J4 convenience.
Anita Cream can be had at all drug stores or direct from &
"^ us for 50c. ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO., 207 Franklin §
£$ S'., Los Angeles, Czl. ' 2
CALIFORNIA
VENUS I '
Now porg: eo u s I y
caiHs.wi in one of S. iSJs 1 -^!
, Boiler & Co 's swell /TO&iftri
! tailor - made suitr.. v/PrsS
| Our designer. S. Bol-
I ler, will make you fflfe L£4*
look likewisu if you CT^^arBnT'
will liave one of our r&itYjYA^Sx
strictly man-tailored rwaT™^?Tjri
suits made to ¦ your
measure. \V<? are W jff/fl 'i
closing out our entire J ffif \ I
stock of short ends /JW/
of "cloth. Five hun- ¦fjij, \nfy\
Ured exclusive styles ///;/ : Lv Ir
to select from. In Ve- ///'''i'V
netians. broadcloths, 1 : :{/\1L
oheviots. twe e d s , lj%0*i&
worsteds, cassimeres, -ffi
mohair p.nd llama ef- /Tj r [¦;[»
fects. All to be sold // ' } , ;'|fi
at J25 00 per suit, giv- // v J'mB i
I lnc you a wholesale flj J Ij| i ItKA
I v.ilup. savlnp you 35 //.¦''¦fl' 1 'i;,l|l\
I por cent on the retail \tf •VjfM i'u X^V
i ready to wear price. >^ip *i lllv l^J
Our specialty— fancy vt-^^s^^r**-*
back golf skirts $5.00. "
S. BELLER &C0.,
Late of IV. Y.,
228 and 230 Sutter Street.
PALACE HOTEL
It In universally acknowledged that these'
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed culHine ami Rtrvlca
and superior appointments and location.
Connected bv a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European r>lans.
GRAND HOTEL
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT lAiflALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry
"^EEK DAYS 9:30 a . m 1:43 and 5:1 -
SUNDAYS.. .8. 9. 10. 11 a. m., 1:30 and 2:30 p. m
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return Jl 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
TICKET OFFICES 621 MARKET 3T * I
SAUSALITO FEKRY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Mi;TUKK<i fAfiriC t'onrA.IT.
(r*cinc stRTKM.)
Trains I««t« noil nr« an* !• »rrlv« at
KAN »lt4.%»:i*CO.
(Ifala Line. Foot of Market Streat.)
it«Ti — Fbou Simwu U. I3C0. — a jiaiTs
•7:OOa Benida, Sulsun, Elmir*. VacsriUa,
Romse7 and a»cr»iuooto *7t4Sr
*7i«»a Sh**^. Excress— t»Tia, WiUI&maVfor
Bartlett Sptlnjs;. WlUowa, Bad
BIulI, Portknd. *7H3p
•7iS»* Mvtlnex. Snu IUiuou. V»I>Jo. Napa,
C»li»t*n* »ud ftanta Ros» 'lilSp
•8>O0A Datis. Woodland. Knights L»ndlnj.
M try«»i;i«. OtotIII* *~il.*Jp
•K:OO» AtUatl- Kipreaa — Ogden a>od Eaal *13:4.%i>
• *:o« % Nllee, Tracy, tathxop, Stockton *V> 13*
••¦:i»a Hsu Ji>is, l.lfcr:nure, ni>icktoii,
lone. Mscrain«ntn. PlacrrrUle,
kli>rya?lll-, Chlco, lt«<< KlulT Mililp
•«!.•»«» Oakdalr. Chinese. Honor*, Carters... 'filar
•!»:«m»a Ilajwsnla, HUaa and Way Htatinna. •» I !«-¦>»
•BiOUa Los Acge'ea £jpre«s — Mutinnx
Tnej, l,*tnroy. ntncktOD. Merced
Fresno and Los Angale* *7:15p
••|3«» Vall-li>. Martinez »iui W»/ Hiailoni *lkil.1p
•IVsOat The OrerUud LJmited— Ocdeo. r>ea-
»er, UiiiKba. i.hlcsi^u '•--air
*1I:«Oa Nllrs, 8toektOD, rucnuaento, Men-
dota. Frriao, Uutford. Vli*ll»,
PorterTilia *4il3r
*IIiO*a LlTermore, 8aoger. Gonh-n Joao-
tion. B.kpmaeld, I«e A.Dgale«
•latOOM Uajwarda, Nilesand W»y otations. *Si4?r
• l:O(»r bkcrainrntit Illier 8te«mera t3 Oo*
•3>00p lUywkxds. Nil. i aad \Ta 7 NUtlnn*. •»: l.ip
•4t»«p MaMliim. s«i, IUiool. V»liejo.
N»|i». (JkM«.i K *. >i»i,t* I!mi> •U.I'V.
•l.oor n^nicl*. Winters, Haommento.
Wooilland. Knlgbts l.«n>lln(.
M«rj»Tlile, Orotllla *I»:M»
•IsSOp Nile*. Man Ji«eau.l Stocktoa «7:l.1f
•3:O*pTb» Owl Limited -Tracy, fresno.
JUkrrstloM. naiifiia for ->»nt» U*r-
b*r*. Ia.» AuKelea. M«in,
*5:00p Rtocktoa *Ui43a
*Dtt>op New Otl^aof Express-ltaker<''miil.
MmiU II»rlmr». Lua Angt les. Dtm-
int. El Paw. Haw <>rl -»i.» and
Xut »7.«:i4
•StAAp Harwarda. Nllsa and Man Josa *7*4»4
t«:Oi>r Vallej» *iai|.tp
•tfi«OpOrienUl Mall-Ogaen. Cheyenn*.
Omaha, Ctil(ngo *13:t3p
•«:«Op Oriei.tal .Mall— Ogden. Denter.
Omatia, ('hlcann •fil*p
•7i«0f NUas, Tracy, Lathrop. 8tockton.... »l*:13p
•7«*«p Oregon »na OaUfanfa »:«j.«^iui m*o-
'•'"»»<", M»rja»lll». Ko.l.llna.
I"". rt ¦.!..!, 1'nget M..,n,,l si,, | |: u .l 'Wtfl-lit
»'"»« |lln«r
HMST l»l VISION (Wrnir U»wi»).
(Foot ..f \f .rk.t Mtr«-i..
t~«**A Hants Cruz Excura4ui> loir "anU
Crua and Fruiclpal Way Sta-iora ;*:«3r
<SiI3a Newark. <>utrr»i;ir. rtan. lima. Krltim,
Uouiiler <;rrek. i iiu ta Cmr. and ffif
HUllims ••:»»,
t»il»r Ke»««, t'eiiterilliti. Man Joss, N-w
Almxlnn, r>ltun. lloiildnr t:reeb,
8aui» I'rnz and l'rlncfpal Way
Stations •IO:1«,
•<il3p Newark, Han Jose, I.r<« Qatos t^!>»«
<it:l5pGl en wo<vl Kalton. Hanta . ,Ji:.1» t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rctaill mmClSCU— f«*l •' DifUl VjiipSj,!".-
•7:15 »00 1100a.m. Jl C3 *J 33 13 33
M:C3 SS:33 •«.C3'-.i«.
'ffaOHLiO — »i«l •' Brj«-I»i». — -11:00 MOO 1QOO«»
tia:eS «I:33 t2:53 «3:S3 lt::3 -Z.SZr.u'.
COAST DITIMIO1 ( Rromil li«a<e).
(Third »¦¦¦! To-.Titnei.il St. )
IflilOA C>oean Vl«rw. Ooiiim .->«ii !¦'. ..i.ci^> ¦!. . iu : :i»,.
f?ia«4 Han .!•.»„ *n.l War Suti.-iM (No*
Al,n».lm. \>V.I..«««Ur«'»ily) *l>l»r
J7i»o» Sunday Excursion f r Man Jo*a
HanU Cruz, Fin 9.: OroT« And
Principal \V»y <«tatious ttsXSp
'Wit H.m J.*f. I re. n...M.. M.i.t* Crux,
r«-i..c Utmt. !«•.. It.-l.-i-H. Sau
l.ul* nl.iaiM., Hurt. Lonipoc and
Principal Way MiatWs •l.lor-
MMiIOa San Ji«e and VTay Mtatlnus *<I:;I5.
•11130*. Man.loar.LosCatosai.il WayHUtlnna '3>3ur
t»i4»pftan Mat«.. U-.lw,,o.l. Menlii Park,
I*»!o Alto. .Santa Clara, Man J.*«.
TrM Pliios. .Smita Cnu, Salluaa.
Mometpy »».! I'aellic »lrii»e IIO:X<I«
tJi*»pH»n.l(iM»ii(l Waj Hlallnm •T>n»r
? IslJVp San Jo»eaiiri Principal Way Htatlona •»:••»»
t'liOBrSin Jow, Los Qatoa aod PTiucipal
.-.,-. Q W »T Station tlsls,
••^:^c»r aanJ.weaiicl Principal W a y8tatlons t«:3.1*
•n:.1»p San Jixwau.l Way Ktatinus ««:«•«
Hl;4.-»p San J.m B »ml Way ht»ti..na •~:SOr
> tvA fOr Mor)l1 "« Pfor Afternoon
• Dallj. t Mnnday eicepted. : huuday oaly.
b Saturday onlj.
a Satardaj and tionday. c Mondaj «nlj.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Ccmmeccinc April 2^. 1X!O.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
TVEEK DAYS-7:<». •»:S0. »3\ 11:00 a. ra.;
12:4a. '1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 'SiU. C:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Vilify and 5aa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 ar.d U:J3 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. *9:C0. *l)M. 11:CO, 11:31
a. m.: U:H. *l:30. J:30. *3:45. 5:00, «:00. 7:*3
p. m.
11:00 a, m. doea not run to San Rafael Sue-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:33. *«:30, 7:S0, 9:40. '10:15 a.
m. : 12:30, 1:15. 2:15. •3:30, 4:30, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 r. m.
SUNDAY8— «:15. '8:00. *9:50. '11:00 a. m.; "12:00
m.; 1:00. 1:15 *3:ZO. 4:30. # 5:45. «:13. 7:S0, 10:2U
P. m.
Trains marked i») start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:53, 6:45. »:00. S:55. 10:30 a,
m. : 12:SS. 1:45. 2:«. a:30. 4:50. 8:23 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Moniiays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 an.1 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:3.'. 5:05. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.; 12:13,
1:20. 1:30 3:4.\ 4:S5. 6U. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:M> a. m. week days— Cazadero and way st3-
tlona.
2:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a, m. Sunday*— Caiadero and way sta-
tion*.
12:13 p. m. Sundays — Point Reves and way stav-
tiors.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave Markat-itreet F«rry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco. 9:00 a mi4:10 p m; 3:00 p m
Arr. Stocktun 12::>:> p rn!7:l» p m ll:uii u m
" Merced 2:42 p m 1:;S a m
' •• Fr^-sn., 4:20 pm 3:05 am
" Visalla 6:00 pm 4'5O a m
" Tulare 6:.-Jpm 5:10 » rr
" Hanford 5:33 p m 7:0$ a m
" Bakerafleld ... 8:50 p m 7-30 a m
" Denver 10:00 am , ,
•' Kansas City... 5:15 p m
" Chicago 7:40 a m
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Fjcpress. Corre-
epondtng train arrtvea at 8 p. m. daily
4:10 p. m. is Stockton LocaL CorresDcndlra
train arrivea 11:05 a. m. dally. v - urr "P cna 'nu
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and ttakersneld Etnres-i
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Corre,? nd"
ing train arrives at 8 a. m. daily v - orr * s *- ni1 -
OFFICEa-641 Market st. and In Ferry Depot
gan Francisco: HIS PmMway. Oakland.
wnoay Cal $1.00 nerYear
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's j
Day^^Restorcr!
! Actually Restores GRAY OR FADE D Hair to ;
! •' its youthful looks In TOUR DAYS. Not a dye. I
! ! Is pleasant to use. $1 a bottle, all drug- ¦
! j gists. I FREE treatment to all purchasers. •
j MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, |
- | Dermatologist, 78-80 Geary St.S.F. j
VERT LATEST
lfi- i£TL Straight Front,
Vh*7 'j Hand- Made
i { SAPPHIRE
Ha CORSETS
(C® $3,00 1« $15.00
/T^lm 10 G earu St..
/' A »'f C0RNER KEABNT.
/>?^Y V * CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
[\&2-~f S \A Ror»l "Worcester Cor-
••t-Flttlnc Parlors
FPHeumatismI
B \. — --CURED-— -
by the waters and the mud baths
and the hot mineral baths of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Address A. BETTKN'S. JJanaser.
Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. 36 Geary «t.. City Apt*.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlnbad of America. Is now open for the
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE. Faralso
Springs, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county In
California, Trout fishlnK — finest In the State
Ehovel Creek, 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of fam« In surrounding mountains—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSO.N" BRO3..
Proprietors. Beswlck. Slsktyou County. CaL
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing-, bowl-
Ick. tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Writ* tor
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
HAULER'S new summer resort, Cazadero. Cal
—Home cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
ing; genera! mdse.. choice liquors, cigars;
popular prices.
EAILKOAD TEAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTBVESTERN RY. CO.
LE33EB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 »_ m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, J:JO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i*
and 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:80. ll:C0 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 n. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:S5 and 8:25 o. m.
SUNDAYS-S:10, 3:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 v. m. ;
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. |
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
gan Franclyeo. [Apr. 15. 1300.1 San Franci sco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I WeJc
Days. | days.. \ Destination. | days. | Days. |
7:30 am 8:00 em Novato. 10:40 am! SMolim '
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm!10:23 am !
E:13pm 5:00 pm Panta Rosa, ":35 pm! 6:20 pm |
Kulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburff.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:S0 pml 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:20 pin
7:3T am! j Hopland I in-23 am
S:3) pm' 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
• •"30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 P™ 8:13 pm
7:33 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:40ata
and •¦'-¦ "f
B:lfl pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
i : l2 a:T1 i ! : J2 am l |m:40 am:iO:2.% am
3:30 pm! 5:C0 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:25 pm| 6:W pm
Etaces connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytten for T-ytton Springs; at
Oeyscrvllle for Skages Sprlr.B?: at Cloveriaie
for the Geysers: at Hooland for Duncan
Sprini?*. Highland Springs. Kflseyvllle Carls-
bad Spring! Soda Bay Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Lklnh for Vichy Sprlnirs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel r>elt Lake. Witter I
PpringB. Lpper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley I
John Day's Riverside. Ll^rley's. BucknelVs!
Ranhedrln Helthts. Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot
Bprlncij. Mendoclnn City. Fn rt Bragg. West-
port Lsal Wllllts. Lartonvtlle. Cummin*, i
Bell » Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer Scotia !
and Eureka. !
Saturday to Monday round trio ticket! at !
reduced rates.
b5SJ? u £S ir »S?5 a .J r i5i, r l *2: to an polnt> i
H Tl c ke w?n fl -frNof a Mmrket '
General Manager. Gen. Paw. Agent, j
I Dry Goods "^^^^ Company.
I Monday, September 17.
I First Exhibit of Parisian Pat-
!tern Hats, Bonnets, Choice
Foreign Novelties in Millinery
OUR EXCLUSIVE SFEC1ALTY-THE
CONNELLY HATS
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, 3aa Franoisoo.
UNION SQUARB.
ADVEBTISEQLENTS.The largest Increase In mileage on any
English railway during the last twelve
months was 145 miles on the Qre^t Nortb-
Tallow Work*, routhwrst line of Fourth ave
nue, 195 feet north of K Etreet, €5xS0, $1850- Al
bert Wcrrall to J. H. E. Eiben, undivided one
half of the northwest corner of Collinjrwood and
Nineteenth streets. 12;.xl49. $250: Santos O. de
Narjot to the Southern Pacific Company, eouth
west line of Tenth avenue, 22S feet northwest
of Q Ftrcet. 75x100, $10«): Henry F. Jr. and
CJara H. Blanohett to M. Ballin. south line of
Faith street. 100 feet east of Brewster, 25x63,
$500; Leon and Mary Goldstein to A. B. Rug-
Eles. southeast corner of Eemeralda and Cha
pultepeo streets. 70x75, $500.
The morteapes of the week were thirty
seven in number and amounted to $97,157.
The releases of the same period numbered
twenty-two and reached a total of $02,700.
Thf larger mortgages were the following:
Francitco Eepincsa and De los Monteros «Je
Smith to the liibernla Savings and Loan So
dety, s'-.uth line of Hoary. 220 feet west of Oc
tavia,^C:a | ixl20, $14,W)0, one year at 6 per cent:
Carl I". an«l Llbbte A. Saalficld to the German
an vines and Ixian Soc-lety. north line of Page,
, 100 feet east of Stanyan, 100x137:6. J13.O00: Mary
Peternian to Fred C. Slebe. south corner of
First and Bryant streets, 25xS0. $1(1,000,
The more Important releases of the week
were the following:
Hlbernla Savings and Iy»n Society to John
Wipmore, east line of Spear street, 137:8 north
of Howard, and alao north corner of Spear and
Howard streets. ?29,000.
The Pacific Gas Improvemcnt'Company
fcns' executed a. trust de-ed to all the prop
erties acquired from the Central Gaslight
Company, the consideration mentioned be
ing: $1,250,000.
! Francisco and Flllmore, Townsend. near Third.
: and ill other real property In San Francisco,
| together with ail pires, pas mains and all per
j Eccal property, for ?2,U0O,OCO; Leon A. anj
I Kaitha Malson to John B. Ingu?lia, lot on
| west line ol Guerrero street, €0 feet north of
| Nineteenth. 3GxSl:ll, J3.XX); Thomas \V. Rivers
| et al. to Christine O. Zwlck, lot on south line
i of Twenty-flfth street, Sl:6 east of Sanchez,
! iO:€xST:6. $40Ou; Grace D. Slefried to Elizabeth
[ E. Moitoza, lot on east line of FVont street,
I £5:Ss south of Washington, 111:10x120, $4000;
Catherine Short et al. to Christian Nelson, lot
on eouth line of Clay street, 80 feet west o£
Hyde, 1)3x715. tZ'Jy); Brldcet Mu»:y to Gui
seppe Ilovai, let on northwest line of Perry
Etreet. 108 feet east of Fifth, 25x75. J2000: David
and fcielina A. Lewis to Annie I'. Jones, lot on
west line of Kleventh avenue, 200 feet nortli
of I street, 25x1:0, JKCO; Savings and Loan
Society to James Splere, lot on northeast cor
ner of Vallejo and Couch streets, 137:6xS7:6,
$15,000; John and Cornelia F. Currey to
j Anna Ralsch. lot on eouth line of Hayes s'treet,
U6:3 ea«t of Central avenue, 25x137:6, $2000;
estate of Henri F. Ernerlc to the Voorman
Company, lot on east line of Front street, 2S-8
south of Washington, 111:10x120, $65,000; Al-
Thonee Jr. and Lillian K. L. Uiustl and Miss
Harry A. L. Floyd to George C. Alferltz, lot
on southeast corner of Filbert and Leaven
worth streets, 37:6x87:6, $11,000; Harriet Mc-
Carthy to Covlngton Johnson, lot on we«t line
of Leavenworth street, 32:6 south of Eddy,
2CxS7:6, $14.1(0; Mary and Joseph Smith to the
Southern Pacific Company, lot on north corner
of Railroad «nd Thirty-ninth avenues, i0xl23:l0
11500: Robert G. and Elizabeth Hooker to F
H. McCormlck. lot on north line of Eleventh
avenue, 123 feet from II street, 25x100,
J'00; Peter Schenkel to Jeremiah J. Re
ea l, lot on west line of Sixth avenue,
;o feet west of L street, $500;
Dora sir.d Evan Williams to Gustave II
Charles W. and Ernest 11. Shilling:, south line
of Jackson street. 50 feet west cf Buchanan 20 6
x!27:6, JTOCO: estate of Joseph M. Wood to Mrs.
Kate McCarthy, south line of Greenwich street,
100 feet west of Flllmore, 37:6x120 $2500; Kath
erine M. Uuneman to Charles F. Llbby, west
line of Ftelner street.. 27:6 feet north of Green,
"i-ioo, J2o00; Eh-ury and Sarah B. Melone to*
Ellen O'Conrell, west line of Julian avenue, 200
feet south of Fourteenth street, 100x125; $1750;
Joseph de la Montanya to C. A. Dorn, north
east comer of Jackson and Sansome streets,
137:6x45:10. JSOCO: Margaret T. and Pleates Fry
to Hose L. Young, south line of Point Lobos
c venue. 45 feet west of Thirty-third avenue 3&x
10ft, $2000; Berser and Carolina Erlandson to
Jacob A. Ifia, west line of De Haro street, 250
fett north of Nevada. 23x100, $1000; Martha Coea
to William Caldc-, east line of Vernon street.
ZZZ feet south of Sherman. $5rtO; James T. Boyd
to I-ultd Torre, north line of Lombard street
1S1:6 east of Buchanan. 28:6x137:6. $1000- Kate
Gillis to Pietro MaRetti. north line of Jackson
Ftwt, 1CO:5 east of Webster. 24:7x117, JouOO;
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
to Henry Cowell, northwest corner of Hermann
and Webster streets. 24xSl:3, and also south line
of California street, 81 feet west of Webster, 54x
£,7:6, $17,1.00; Nellie McMurray to Edith Chese
limuph. north line of Clay street, 122:6 west of
Laurel, 22:6xl27:S>fc, JW0: Charles Rlordan to
I-ugene C. Rlordan, eouth line of Twenty-flfth
street. SO feet east of Castro. 80x114, $1000; Peter
Denner et al. to Daniel Roth, Leon Blum
Charles and Jerome Mllly and the California
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
THE cast week has been so much
given over to the celebration of the
State's poldea jubilee that realty
transactions, like all other lir.es of
business, have been somewhat curtailed.
6till there have been some large sales.
1?. M. Guna & Co. report the sale of the
rortheast corner of Spear and Howard
streets, 45:10x137:6, with 43:10x137:6 on Spear
adjoining: and 45:10x77:6, adjoining the sec
end mentioned p'eoe oa the north and
rear, for ££,000. The purchase Is reported
to be for an Investment. The same
brokers have sold the northeast corner of
Gough and Vallejo streets, S7:Cxl37:6, with
Improvements, consisting of a large three
etory dwelling, for the Savings and Loan
Society to J&xnes Spiers for $15,000; also
the southwest corner of Lombard aad
2^attery streets, 275x127:6, the Improve
ments bein* th« old city warehouse, for
J. S. Mtickift to I. H. Morse, for JSO.OOJ.
The warehouae will bo torn down and a
factory will be erected to cover the entire
lot.
O. I>. Baldwin &. Son have sold the fol
lowlr^:
All of block I of th» Market-street Home
stead.' fr&Ltlr«e oa Corbett and Lincoln roads,
ft* the eerat« ot Maurice I>ore. for J15.
000; north line of Clay «tre«t, 77 feet west of
Maple. C'-xliS. for IVallace Bradford to It.
Eroierlck. the price being $5700; south line of
Clay «tr«et. Ill feet euuth ol Maple, ZJillT, for
*16jO. to B. S. WUklna.
F 1 . B. Surryhne. report* til© following re
cent Bales made:
Four fiat* and rear cott&sre, M» Capp street,
r«t»eea Twenty-tliird and Twenty-Iourth, for
XtxMA; cottase and lot, St2S Twenty-first street,
bettneea Cburch and Eanches, lot ZJxlU. ior
SUTa; lot ca the t.orth line of Clipper Btreet,
£.i6:ll feet ea«t from Sanchez, MillxlU feet,
JlfrXi; let on the north line of Laurel place, :'<W
tf»t weEt from First street, 2lx'jQ It-fet, J12U0;
lot on the weet line of Sterner street. 110 fret
couth from McAlllcter. 27:6xiUC fett, S.L'.'t. house
En«l lot, 2731 Clay etreet, between Pierce and
Ecott, 25xluO feet. J6000; cottage and lot, i&i
Guerrero street, between Eighteenth and Nine
teenth. 2iylO5 feet, $2C0O; two flats, 1010-1012
I'age street, between Devlsadero and IJroderick,
lot sCxS7:S feet, $0000; two houses. liO7-lit^
Clay street, between Leavpnworth and Hyde,
lot 57:6x71:3 feet, HMO; lot oa the eart line of
I 'ark Hill avenue, 202 feet bouth from Xiuena
Viet* avenue. 2Sxlla feet. S11JC: lot on the
Fcutii line of Clay etreet, C2:C feet west from
Loeurt street, 7txlO2:S'i feet. %VvO; let on the
couth line of Sacramento street, 137 :i feet west
• rom I»cust, SCxl22:Sy. feet, $2150:" three tene
n»«nt8, CSI Clementina. etreet. between
Seventh and Eighth streets, :OxS0, J180O; lot on
the south line cf Waller street. 90 feet west
from Buchanan. 27x112:6 feet, 12900; lot en the
eouthweet corner of Buchanan and Waller
ftrecta. 30x90 feet. $2^00; lot on Athens etreet.
Z!><> feet north from Persia avenue. iCxlOO feet,
JiOO; lot on the toutii line of 1'lfteenth street,
25 feet west from Cburch Etreet. 25x100 feet,
ilZSO: house and lot, £'J Laurel place, near
JTrat street, lot 23x5*3 feet. $1200; cottage and lot
on CaJIfornia a.venu«. Bernal Heights. 3Tx"0
ff-^t, fl'J<r, five lots In block 763, south of the
I'ark, tM; ten flats, south of Market street,
lot tC'xRO feet, $$000.
Baldwin & HoweJl are about to sell their
FUbdlvision of the new block fronting-
Golden Gate Park on the H street electric
line and the Nineteenth avenue boulevard.
The property has been graded and the
streets ere on official llnfs. The gas and
water mains are laid. The lots will be
pold on monthly Installments at very rea
«or.abe rates, with Interest at only 6 per
ctr.t on deferred payments. To accom
rjodate purchasers the branch offlccof
BaMwin /t Howell at the corner of II
*trf-«n and Xlnth avenue has been cn
iarped end various conveniences have be<*n
provided, including carriagos. also tele
phone and writlrur rooms. The office is
rfirrr-tly opposite the park entrance. Cap
tain H. T. Harris is in chtirge and is in
attendance every day of the week, includ
ing .Sunday. . ,
Kasion & Eldridpe will auction at their
ofiice next Tuesday the following prop
erty:
1)10-1118 Howard rtreet: Taclflc Heiffhts lot.
n<>ar Flllmore street; 231 Shipley street.
1C13 Point I>-jbrs avenue, flat and store: 50<A
3042 Shotu.^11 Hi-pet, 13^-337 IHincan strict, i)2C-
K.-GS Florida etreet. 24 Clara str*>ft. 6 Ilaxtford
nwt. 121-133-125-137 Collinswood street. S21 K
etifet.
D"f»dp have hron placed on record in
which thf- considerations were as follows:
NHs P. end Fine Ludvie»en to Adolf Gold
enix-rff. northeast corner of J>!ly avenue anil
E'jchanan etreet, 24x^:6, t3000; Central Gas
light Company to I'aelflc Gaa Improi'ement
t_cn:i>ar.y, property on Steiaer and Francisco,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
35
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
£^ Steamers leave Broadway
«k^ wharf. San Francisco:
i^*^S»^ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a
tlrt/iS-tV^ m " pe P tP^ b *r 13. 13. 23. 21.
lflrW3H??5fc C* 1 - '• Chanjre to company's
j |-'rvi^-2\j\H steamers nt Soattle.
' fc?S&*oj!kU For Victoria. VanrouTT
I A***^**^-*^! (V: C> - Port Torvnnsnd. S*-
U> attle. Tacoma. Ever»tt. Ana-
cortes and New Whatenm
m*?« «• m. ' Wftah >. « *• m.. September
13. 18. 23. 29. Oct. 3. and erary fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattls to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— t p. m.. S«t>-
temb-r 15. 20. 2S. 80. Oct. 5. and rrary fifth
day thereafter.
For Santi Cruz. Monterey. San Shneon. C&yn-
eos. Port Harforf (San Luis Oblspo). Oarlota.
Panta Farhara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro
East San P»dro (Los An«le») and NeTrport— 9
a. nv. September 12. 18. 20. 24, M. Oct. t. an<i
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopplnr only at Port Har-
ford (San Luts Obisrpo>. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Ancelen and Redondo fLoii A nr •>!«¦«> n
a. m.. September 14. IS, 22. 28. JO, Oct. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Ma*t!a>na Bay, San Jos« dsl
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Banta RoaalU
and Ouaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. Tta of eaea
month.
For further teformatton obtain company's
foMers.
The company rewrw t?w» rljrht to ehanir*
steamers, saillnir dstes and hours of aaJltng;
without previous notice.
TICKF.T OFFICE -4 Nsw Moatgwnery
street O»alace Hotel>. «Hn«n«jry
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market »t.. Saa FrMdaxn.
W 0; B. & 8. HO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA 3ST XD
From Spear-stre«t Wharf at n A. It
PARC 5'2 First Class Including Berth
rAnr. $3 Second Class and Meall
STATE OF CALIFORNIA BaRs
COLraBiA'salYs"".V.V.'"r.Vsept"V5?^' Ort
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane Butt*
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throueb. tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General A rent.
GOODALL. PERKTXS ft CO??* Market "**
Sur^rlntondents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STnAXirms tttll leave ¦wtiars* cjor-
ner Fim and Brannan street, at 1 n m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* a't
Kobe (Hlogo). NarasaW and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honckonic with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No caixo received on board on day
cf satllnr.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday, P^tember 22. iv*i
SS. AMERICA MARIT.. Wednesday. Oct. 17 I9nn
SS. HONGKONG MARU.-.Tue*. Nov. 13. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Rcund-trip tickets at redue«J rates. Fnr
frelrht and passare apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERY. General Arent.
AMERICAN LINE.
ttV T0RK. SaVTSMTrVO*. L05DQ5. PISH
Etopplnr at Cherbourjr, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m
St. Paul S<?pt. WSt. Paul Oct.I7
St. Louis Oct. 3 St. I>iul9 Oct 21
New York Oct. 10: New York Oct! n
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwern.
From New York Every Wednesday, tl noon.
Noordland Sept. 2«| Westernland ....Oct. 17
Frlesland Oct. 3 Kenslnsrfn Oct' »4
Southwark Oct. lOjNoordland Oet' Ji
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION C%
20 Montgomery Street.
— —————— — — _ ________
COKPAGNIS GENERA!,!! TRAN3.4TLA5TIQ!r3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARig. -- k] .
Sailing every Thursday. lnntmtd of < ff (r?X
Saturday, from November I. 1S30. at -5»->*^»-ir
10 a. m.. from Pier 41. North River, foot of
Morton street. T^A LORRAINE. Sept. 20- LV
CHAMPAOXF.. Sept. 27: LA TOL*RAINE."Oct
4: IVAQUITAINE. Oct. 11. First class to
! Havre. JS2 DO and upward; Second class to
Havre. JT3 and unwitrf: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadwav
(Hudson buIMlnjrt. New York. J. F. FUOAZr
A CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
OCEAIflO 9. S. CO.-HO>-OT,ITT.rj. APIA
AUCKLAND AXD SYDNEY. •
S & AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
: Wednesday. Sept. 19. t p m
S. S. MOAXA <via Honolulu) to Jfew Zea- "
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3. * p. rn.
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO., Aqts., 643 Market SL
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
TO-XIGHT (SUN.)— LAST TIMH
"THE NEW DOMINION."
CLAY CLEMENT as Baron von Hohenstauffen.
Beginning To-Morrow, Monday,
CLAY U R.
CLEMENT and STOCKWELL,
And a Strong Company, Presenting th«
GRE.VT DOUBLE BILL
I Hh DhhhJ*
(CLAY CLEMENT as Matthias)
And Dion Boucicault's Powerful One-Act Play,
NAPOLEON'S GUARD.
TWO EXCELLENT CASTS.
Next Play— "THE MAGISTP.ATE."
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, September 16.
CLASSICAL
U8 — NOMINATIONS - - - 103
$1000 Xo Ai™ M $1000
CONCERT BY VON DER MEHDEN'S BAND.
TEAIN SEBVICE:
. Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:11 a.
m.. 11 a. tn. and 12 m. and 1 p. tn. ; Twenty-
flfth and Valencia streets lira minutes later,
returning at 4:45 p. m.' and after last course.
Ean Mateo electric cars every six minutes.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENTNO.
SPECIAL 1^-NIGHT I
GRAND MEMORIAL BENEFIT TO THE
WIDOW OF THE LATE COLONEL
V. D. DUBOCE.
MAYOR PHELAN Will Welcome Colonel Du-
boce's Regiment.
FIRST REGIMENT BAND WILL PLAY.
Military Will Attend In Uniform.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23. '
GRAND CONCERT
.'..Br.,..
ROSE ADLER RELDA.
FRIDAY EVENING. September flst.
At SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
ADMISSION $100.
RESERVED SEATS...... ....'...$1 60.
Peats can be obtained at Sherman A Clay's
oa and after September 18th. \
Last Time To-Night of
"CAVALLER1A"
and "FAGLIACC!"
To-Morrow Begins
a Feast oP Music!
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday Mgljts
BERTrJALD. SALASSA. NICOLINI.
GRAHAM and LICHTER.
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Everjlngs
and Saturday Matlnez
ens r
RUSSO. FERRARI, SCHUSTER.
¦• POLETINI apd STEWART.
PQPIII J,B 250—50C PBIRFS I
TELEPHONE BUSH O.
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
Under Management of the
INGLESIDE
COURSING ASSOCIATION.
TO-DAY - - SUNDAY, SEPT. 16
64-CHAMPI0NS-64
ANDY T>T1AN, JUDGE.
ARTHUR MASSEY, SLIPPER.
TRAI2T SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets at
10:15 a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1
p. m.; returning at .4:45 p. m. and
after the last course. San Mateo
Electric Cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION- FREE.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOVIlUn O Admission 10.-.
Hanlon & Singer, Paul La Crolx, Mae Tunl-
son. J F. Veaco, Olive Vail. Pearl Hlckman
and the New Jlovlnir Pictures.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO B^-THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Own Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlnif From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
t ADMISSION, 10: CHILDREN, Be.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; Children, aoo.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
NEW a «C4J^% Vt$ 4a IS fi PANY
TILL FURTHER NOTICE.
Suoerb Production of
QUO VAD1S.
Introducing In the Arena Seen*
ADGIE'S LIONS.
Evening Prices loo. 15c. 25c. BCo
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c
Matinee Prices 10c, 13c, 25c. 60c. No higher.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
FIRST APPEARANCE in America of th«
Azzali Grand Italian Opera Co.
SUNDAY NIGHT, Sept. 23.
Presenting 1^— . -- v :
"OTHELLO."
Sale of Seats Commence* THTJRSDAT Morn-
lnir. September JO. at 9 o'clock. NO INCREASE-
OF PRICES. Reserved Seats— Night. 25c. 50c,
73c; Matinee. 25c, 60c. •
Monday, Friday, "CARMEN": Tuesday,
"AIDA": Wednesday Night. Saturday Mati-
nee. "TRAVIATA"; Thursday, Saturday,
"OTHELLO."
OLYMFIA c c o D *%f5-6»
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW Itf
THE CITY.
Elerenth Series of CONRADI'S
LIVING STATUARY!
DANCE OF ALL NATIONS!
SID BAXTER
Champion Balancer and Jugsler.
And OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
MISS ANNA MILLER WOOD &£**£,£
tarian Church/- Boston. Song recitals— Thurs-
day, Sept. 20, 8:15 p. m. ; Saturday, Sept. 29,
3:13 p. m. Sherman & Clay Hall, 233 Sutter.
Reserved seats, good for both concerts. Jl S3;
single reserved seats. II; general admission.
75c. Seats reserved at Sherman A Clay's Sept.
19. 20. 28 and 29.
20 MALE VOICES
¦WANTED— For a two weeks' season of grand
opera In March. 1901, under Eastern manage-
ment, TWENTY MALE VOICES to Join aux-
iliary chorus. Fairly good readers preferred.
Salaried engagement. Coaching (vocal and dra-
matic) free. Apply Wednesday and Thursday
evenings. September 19 and 20. from 8 to 9
o'clock, at the VOX MEYERJXCK SCHOOL
OF MUSIC. 841 FULTOX ST., between Webster
and Flllmore. Bring music.
DB. HALL'S RElNVlG0RAT0RSr*»5§
Five hundred reward for any ; «'"
case we cannot cure. This secret KvH mm
remedy stop* all losses in 24 hours. H r
cures Emissions. Impoteney. Varl- JsTH E3\2
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. TM^
Etrictures. Lost Manhood and all ill' iii*
wasting effects of self-abuse or g§3 SSI
excesses. Sent sealed. X2 bottle; 3 ui?rz£?&1
bottles, J3: guaranteed to cure any ease. Ad
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S!5
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* at 1073V*
Market St.. 8. F. All private diseases oulck'7
cured. Bend for fre« book. *
BAY ANJ) BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U.S.RAYY YARD AND YAUiSr
SUamif "MontlcoUa.**
MON. Tu«a.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m. 8:15, «:»0 p. m. («. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:SO: Sundays. 10:30 a, m <
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala 1508.
TARE ..Me
%Veek Commencing
TO-DAT (SUNDAY MATIXEE), Sept. 18.
One of tl»3 Orphaum's Bsst Etforts!
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON,
AMERICA'S CONTRALTO.
JOHNSTONE BROTHERS
The Ruling; Monarchs of the Xylophone.
McCALE ?.nd DANIELS
Comedians — Irish, Original and Humorous.
OZAV and DELMO
The Famous Four-handed Jujrcllnjj Comedians.
YOUNG AMERICA QUINTETTE
In an Entire Chanee of Programme.
QUEFtlTA VINCENT
America's Exponent of Rae-tlme Foot Work.
JOHNSON AND DEA N
One of the Bill's Bljr Hits.
—Final Week of
MANSFIELD ana WILBUR
In a Cbmlc Episode,, "Color Blind."
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
MATINEE TO-DAT fSUNDAT).
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children/
10c, except reserved. A few front Orchestra
Rows, reserved, 50c; front rows of Balcony, re-
eerved, 25c.
ALF En^LJNOHOUSE, l>essee and Manager.
Phone, South 770. ,
MATINEE TC-DAY (3UNDAT).
Beginning; THIS EVENING, LAST WEEK.
FERRIS HARTMAN
;; ;' with
The Nautical Farcical Success.
Special Prices— 15o, 25c, 85c and 60o.
Next" Sunday Afternoon, September 23, tho
New York Herald's Success, With 80 Fun-
makers, "KELLY'S KIDS."
Sii. •¥* &>f E? "If" 8^3 !C? w
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT— ''THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND
HE."
LAUGHING WEEK STARTS TO-MORROW
(MONDAY) NIGHT.
A BRAND NEW FARCE,
"The Widow's Husband"
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OJT
-AJD.A. LEWIS. '
Pun From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
PRICES-l&c 2Co, »c. Wo
1 ¦ ' ; AJgUSEaiEUTS. I AMUSEMENTS. I AMUSEMENTS. 1 AMTJSEMENTS. I AMUSEMENTS. 'j, AMUSEMENTS.
g!ggT_TIME IN CALIFORNIA of the WORLD'S GREATEST SHOWS
" .^^ \^ F 3 S^ a ht o^ ¦¦«¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ wmam^^m naamasnvaonBasBBBBBsssBBBw* «BiHaBSS» 1^2 CT T^ A TT X3 f\ A T*V m*"*! A T^ f^ K\r\ r\TUCO Jt f\
M U\% X^f /f~*^\. "ti "fi KiX *& aZ *\ /f~\* "^F "^T 7" A New Sextuple Circus T$k'l £%>%g't»-»^ Hundreds of Trained OO T\ r\ I I l T\ 1 M f\ I J V-^i^LiAO Qt_jr\\A/ j_jao TrU
Gyrnnnsts. - iahed delight, 2O Hjl jRPTT A Nf TT^i NO OTHER 1O
r r A Dozen Famous _ Fun an^ G °° d UUU1 HALN XO SHOW HAS ±KJ
¦ Riders. tfm&wjns&r' jt x/^C^r Many Times Price 1UO C^ACtFiS OTHER 5^O
¦y-^ _ Vf w^lS^ 700 000 Call = /^Mr -^^,1,^ o£ Admission. v^^.^^>iJ-^>^r . . . SHOW HAS
L-^ iL V^s. \*JL ii—^^Z^ iL tcii In vested. j^^^^m i-MeM'''' I*' y^^^^^^^^^tl^^^^^^^^^^k xxwnjjjO show has
Make Inquiri e . from those who have 8 ecn it eisewhere. They will tell you \SS^^^^^^> ' ' % - ISfefiP? WI>M^^^^ ~
Sj—— — — " ¦ C^5 uL lI^llL V^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^M^^W0!W^-^ V^^^s^l^^^^;^^^^' Reserved numbered seats and admissions during the entire eneatrrment <*t Sher-
Ef "^ TC /f^y L_ . J ct A r^ -f * V^^^^V^^^^^^^P^^^^^^^^^^"^ 0 & 'B$f^"^^S^ila^WK^ man. Clay & Co.'s music store, corner Ktatny aad Sutter streets. UnHka other
/TV Wy\ M " IT ilcintl biUW OT : * f *^^^^¥'^<^®^^v' shows, prices at downtown offloo are ib» iamo-a» ehwjed at tlok«t wa«on oa thaw
cilOnS 1 >l g -if V V Q Ston^ Interspersed With Two Hours' Session W
•and nhnw 1 ZffViL^'^ZZZ^^^
jdnu dDOVe I yff / f^ tp^. ip-S A tnr^ Morp h ._ |. rt _ 1^^^^^^ Aremc Artists. San Jose Sept. 27 : BakeraflcM Oct. 8
• _ff /*^ I U 11 J$ d. /&. U 1 ii^m xuuy «^- 3 nines 2 Stages Eanta Crna 3cpr. 2? Santa Barbara Oct. <?
I 3.11 Otlier^ ,10 B y r U^r -^ /3l U Funny CIowbs. t^.. f^S 3 ' * : stages, Salinas Sept. 23 Los Aapelea Oct. 0-10
¦ v^ w * * *" * *-* • *tm -* _P **¦ fc ' I Vi R ?> T5mBr?Jif " ¦tuppodrome, etc. Sacramento ..........Oct. 1 ' Hanta Ana ........ .....Oo*. 11
I i *¦ **' **¦ ¦irfrirrw ni» i n iiniiiin— himubii i ¦">- ¦ mm imiwi m ' n in in iiimi 1 1 i .. StOCktOQ .....Oct. 3 I Pomona Oct. 13
Merced • .'. Oct. 3 1 San Bernardino Oct. 13
THE HIGHEST-SALARIED FEATURE EVER SEEN WITH ANY SHOW ON EARTHTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEFTKMBER 1G, 1900.
36
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BCSnCESS OFT1CE of The San Francisco
<~.ii. corner of Mdrket and Third Ftr*ets. open
«:tl! 12 o'clock every ni<rht !n the year.
BRANCH 0FFICES-J2: Montgomery ttreet,
*crr.cT Clay; open until S:JO p. m.
TOO Hcyi-s Ktreet; open until 9:33 p. ra.
C*» McAllister street; open until 3:30 p. m.
t.\j Lnrk'.n street; open until ?:S0 p. m.
tMI Misfion street; cpen until JO p. m.
ECl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ortil 5 p. m.
JBf. E'.pvonth rtrret: open ur.til 9 p. m.
«r.C VsiCSdl ftrret: rpen until 5 p. m.
Jfortfcwert corner Twenty-second snd Ken-
fr;i-vv street*: or>rn until 9 p. m.
CIIlRCn SERVICES.
CAX.TAST Piegbrtetlaa Oiurch, corner Powell
awl «.".tH»r> Ft«.— Hev. John Hemphill. D. I>-.
pastor, will [roach at 11 ». m. and 7:4i p. m.
T"i.ic. «-v.-r.ir.K. "The Tan. the I'n^sent and
the Future.** Sabbath-whoo! at 12:30 and
ChrUtiaa Endeavor Society meets st C:3ti p.
ni \\ ••un.'^fiay eieninir panics at S o'clock.
Buasseza or>rdia!ly welcomed at all services.
1/IItST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
i>.- a:.<i Ssx«mento et.. Rev. K. Mackenilr,
1 1 I/, minister: Bev. William Kirk Guthrie.
KSFlEtaut minister— Dr. Mackenzie will preach
«t 11 a. DO. ar.d Mr. <juthrie at 7:4i p. m.
a: VZ:C p. m. ; V. P. S. C. E.
at t> p. m. AM are wgicome.
.HOWARD Presbyterian Oiurch. Oak an* Ba-
k- r Fit. — At 11 a. m.. celebration of the fif-
tieth anniversary of th* founding of the
Church, with historical address by Rev. Vr.
J H. WUley, f.rs-t pastor cf the church; no
Bunday-aehoci: Cl:ritt!an Endeavor meeting at
«:€£•: pveninc aenaoa by the paster at 7:45;
e-.ibject, -H-a-ln"; Wednesday evening, 7:'-5,
Bll l«
•ntlMTT Church, earner Bush snd Oouch r\*.,
Hev. I>cder:ck W. Clampett. D. D.. rector—
H..l>- Communion. Sunday, 11 a. m. ; mornlna
RTrtaa. U o'clock; evening prayer. 4 o'clock.
JYiday. service of lnUTcetslc-n. ;i &> m. . the
reri or wiil preach.
ET. PAT'L'S Church. California st_. near Fill-
more— Kev. W. Majtwe'.l Reilly. rector; Rev.
A. C. Wilson, ass:«.tact. Holy communion. 7:30
a., in. FuTicsy echool, S:4S a. m. Morning ser-
vice and sermon by the rector, 11 o'clock.
Kvening i«erviee and sermon by Rev. A. C.
Wilson. 7:45. Music by St. Paul's vested choir.
BT. LUKE'S Episcopal Cburch, cor. of Van
Ness sve. ar.4 Clay ft. Holy communion. 8
a m. Morning prayer. 11 o'clock. Evening-
Berrloa. T:«5 o'clock. Rev. T. J. Maekay. re-e-
tor of Ail Saints Church. Omaha, will
j.resch both morning and evening.
FIR^-'T Cciritregsiticnai Cburch. corner of Post
ar.-I Mae-m stSj Psr. G«org« C. Adams, D.D..
factor; U a_ m.. pennon by Rev. F. M. Price;
topic, "Our Inheritance in the Philippines" ;
7:4j ji. ni.. 6errr.on by the pastor; topic, "Cast-
ing Out Demons." All are conJlaJly lnrlted.
feEVETNTII-DAT Adver.t'.Et Church. P14 L&guna
Ft., bet. McAllister and Golden Gate ave.—
Prearhlr.g this evecing, at 7:30 o'clock, by
the pastor. Elder J. O. CorliEs: subject, "The
Last Warning Mei*a*-e tt> the World." A cor-
dial Invitation Is extended to all. Seats fr»«.
FIP..PT Church of Christ, Scientist, Centra 1
1 1 ck, 2i'3 Sutter ft., between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science lilble leescn at
11 a. ra. : eui-J^ct. "Reality." Sunday-school
f r cbUArea a; the same hour. Wednesday
rveolBg meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading
r • ra, 2^ Kearr.y st_, room E10. All ar* wel-
come.
THr;~Virrt Pivlr-e Pclene* Church. M. E.
Cramer, pastor, meets at H^me Coliepe, SS*>0
peventecr.ih St., bet. Valencia and Mission.
every Sunday at 11 a. m. ; Sunday-schixil at
?« ft m. ; eubject of discourse. "An Abiding
Ka':h."
FRIEXPS" r-.ettlr.B-— The Society of Friends.
called <juaken>. whirh has held meetinr" in
this <:ty for 30 years, now m«-»>t9 at Bwarth-
more Hali. C7i' Harrison Ft. tRincon Hilli. on
f.rst day, Sunday mornings, at 11 o'clock;
Rabbatfa-sctiool «. n.»n-sectarian). at Punfhtne
Ha'.l. S3 Harrison t?t.. near fifth. 3 p. m..
rr.i evening oervlces at f-ame r»!ace (SanafailM'
Hall), at 7:iZ n'clock; all made welcome at
• '.,.. tn\ioej; visitors to the city invited.
B17DDMIST *Us«lon."e07 Polk «.— Penice. 2 p.
r.T.. n>-v. K. tClshJJlsns.: f=ulj«>ct. "What la
"¦ Nature of -.h- t'niverse?" Pr<"»feys ir
• ;;.>-'; h Ni rrr^T.n \rlil eive a short a3<irt-sx
"¦¦;••- yiy, I ;>. m.. Professor Norman will
lectui oa * "Oriental Science of Life."
Wednesday, % p. n;.. a study of IJuddha's
tearhixisB. All wdcooe.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mara en-1 EI".s
etc.— Mass-xneetins this afternoon at 3 o'clock:
&££re«s 1 v Bev. K. S. Chapman. D. D.. on
"S-j: ¦•!¦ Btanliacsa.** Service cjjen, free u
the public.
THE" SOI EUCAL Bodety— Public lecture every
- ¦ i;'v evening at S o'clock in Thtr>fiophic
HsJL O<M PellowtC buliding. To-nit'ht.
•¦I»a'!:.- by M:s« Jessie C. Brodie. Golden
Chain Group at 11 a. m.
I'lHST menial science temple meets at 11 a. m.
(., GoMen <5tte Hall. Special lecture. Public
ir.vi:.-;. i'r.-.
MI:i:TI\<;S — Inlversal Urotberkood.
THITOSOPHICAL Society. SIS Markrt Ft.—
Lei tore to-night. "Hid.l«-n Powfr? in Man
n:A Nature," by Dr. Allen Griffiths, Inter-
natlonal IBrntherhood League next Tues'Jay
r.'j-i.t; subject, "The New Woman." by Mrs.
H. Forcers.
MEETIXGS SIWDAY.
DU. J. DEl'ITTA' KEROAN lectures this even-
ing, 6 o'clock, at Crystal Hall, Pythian Cas-
tle. KiS Market Ft.: sobjaet. "What. How and
AVb<>n to Eat," followed by magnificent views
of a tour of Ireland: those attending may
jirocur* free tickets to the X-Ray exhibition
at the Sanitarium n"xt Tuesday evening.
5><-ats fr**>. No e*>lle<rtioii.
A— DR.. RINES Fvlrltua.1 Society. 9'S Market—
11. conference, tests, free; 2-8, 10c: Mrs. War-
r*an. Le-stlear, Arnold, KlEher: I>r., 261 Ar-
linfrton et.; home Tuesday, Friday.
Illl?. R. fi. LILLIE will ppeak in Golden Gtte
Hall. Cli Sutter St.. Sunday evening. Sept. IS;
Fubject. "The New Thought of Immortality."
SIRS. ¦vTEIIi hold* spiritual test meetings at
Becker's Hal!. Washington, bet. *th & Kb.
Oakland, every Wed. eve. at 8; admifsinn We.
EBERIIARDTS conv!ncin>r test meeting to-
night. 2210 Twenty-eecond 6t.. corner Iiart-
lett; readings daily.
ATTEND Mrr.e. Marqu!?e'B convincing test cir-
cle to-iilght at 8. l^c. 5 Hyde 6t. ; r«-a«l. daily.
JIME. TOrXQ, CC5 MeAHlster. convincing dem-
cmEtratlon of .-;.-'• return to-nipht: 10c.
MRS. MART EVANS, located at V.I Sixth St.;
T-r!vat» rea(?!r.p. f/* an«l Jl: no circle.
HCETI\G NOTICES.
A SPECIAL meeting of the Fruit and Poultry
Dealers' Ansociatlon will be held at Pythian
Castle. 9C8 Market st.. on MONDAY. Sept. 17.
l&GO. at 6 p. m. All members are requested to
be present, jjy order of PRESIDENT.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
tiroefss from W. W. Treat and John II.
Thomas. In the Good Hope mine, nt&r
EcHr«e. Plumes County, to deposit taillnp»
In Onion Valley Cretk; from the Bader Gold
Mfcirx ComDany. In the Bader gold mine,
near Meralia. IJutte County, to deposit ta'.l-
1nrs in Little Butte Creek: from th^ Italston
r>iv1<le Gold Mlnin* Company, in the Lynch-
<*fposit taillnps in Ixmg Canyon, and from G.
H. I^ewlf< et al.. in the Snake Gulch gravel
mlr.e, r.^ar Vallleits.. Cslaveras County, to
deposit tallingF In Pnak» Gulch, giws notice
that a m«^»tingr will be held at room IS. Flood
Ivlli'.ir.s. San Franriseo. Cal.. on September
£4. vm. st i:3n r. m.
AGKXTS WANTED.
tK TO J.V) dally easily made by our Live Agents,
men or women, yelling our latest novelty,
campaign waterproof necktie*; good* <ntlrely
!new and patented : agents delighted; Kales un-
J!mlted: what other* do you can do; writ* to-
day: twure rxclUFive territorj-; iruaranteed
beet Feller. Address, with ftamr-. M. & M.
MANFG. rp., Dept. C. Pprintrfleld. Mais.
GIJN'nUAL acrr.tp in evorj- locality in 1'nitpd
&Kfntm r.n strictly i«al»ry baf'^ of (V5 p*r
month with all traveling exiwuses paid '
Dept 206. 3S7O Park ave.. New York.
WANTED— Traveling salesman to ff\\ oil stocks I
• •n salary and commission: salary *.o i^r
month: v.e i>ay es.jfnsej. Address Box S343
Call o'flre.
A FEW good men to so'l oil nock; salary
and oomaafsstaB; flrrt -class projKJsitlon. Dox
27(9. <^ail orr.ee.
AGKXTS fpi! nor aluminum card cape* and j
'ards: circular* snd rsmplen ft»e. Bunker
Prlr.tlrr Co., IVpt. JL Karsss!" C!«y. Mo.
AOKN'TS — Do vou wnnt something- more proflt-
and «t!f1«t to f^!! thr.n Ixx-ks or Insur-
ance ? Add. F. Pi-:P.FON. r. 412. Parrott bldg.
/> CENTS rf *hility and experience In lift* !r.«ur-
nncp. r-gji nt room 1C1. 837 Marli't. cor. Sixth.
V.'r: hpr.dle rewent noveltie« for acent». PA-
rtrtC ."IKNTP 1 PT'PPLT «'O.. Zir,\ uth st.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
AIJVJCE free; divorce Jaw a specialty; private;
no f*-r -r.lthout ruccem: collection*. G \V.
BOffg, ctty at law, SiO Market. cor.Etockton.
n W. KING, a'torncy. 827 Market et.. room €27;
pencral ;iractlf-e: moderate feep; consult, free.
FBEB advice; divorce laws, damares. estates.
ccllertioni!. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIT'SON. ;¦;* Market st. cpp. Mason.
L S. ilAHK. Emraa Rpreckels bldg.. »27 Mar-
ft.; confutation free; no fe«« In advance.
CVSTER. HERMAN J., attorney. 827 Market
*t.. r. 125: open eve.. 7-*; consultation free.
ASP1IALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIElCasphatt roonngr7idewalks: cellar
floors laid, repaired: postal. 1186 Mission St.
m ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest as-
trologer in America; sketch of life and pros-
pects; send date of birth, sex and 12c. PROF.
tiEKItAKO. f. O. box 5238, Boston. Mass.
MME. HICKEY, astrologist; card reading and
palmistry. 25o: horoscopes cast. 19X3 Mission.
HATH C A U I .N KTS.
ROBINSON $3, 4-panel folding; door opens; flrm
and safe. W. S. Bl'.OWX. gon. agt.. 426 ElUs.
DOABOISQ FUll CHILDREN.
LADY with own home would like one or two
Fmall children to board; good care. S21S Six-
teenth tt.
j YOUXO couple with no children would like
to take a child to board. Address box 3741,
j Call offlce.
Ill'SI.VESS CHANCES.
J1T5(>— CORNER grocery and bar; most deslr-
I able location i:i the Western Addition; old-
' established place; large etock; fine fixtures.
I II. L.KSS. 7C5 Market St.
A PARTNER wanted in oyeter and chophouse;
small capital; first-class proposition; must be
a cook. Apply to M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
1275 — Grocery and bar; grood location; south of
i Market; nice living rooms; cheap rent; worth
$40"; Bee It. M. LESS. 7C:> Market Bt.
t B _^__^_____ _^
j A— nt'TCHER shop; money maker; must go;
; Plckno^s. COWING & CO., 719 Market ut,
; A— FINE corner saloon; heart city; great sacri-
j f.ce. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
i A — COAL, wood and grain yard; receipts $GO0
nwnth. COWIN& Co., 719 Market Bt.
j A— RESTAURANT; heart city; money maker;
call at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
J70O— DRUG, stationery, notions, millinery, etc.;
I town of KV; no opposition; $15 dally; rent *6,
I opportunity for druggist or doctor.
J1000— Drug ftore and doctor's practice; $200
| mor:th:y. KREIW& DUTTON. 36 Geary st.
j j:"<>-nivLICATE£SEX: steady counter trade;
J2o pr?r dny guaranteed; cheap rent.
*2C>0 — DtHcatehfen; i" dally; trial given.
KKKIK) & DUTTON, 36 Geary Et.
J450— OYSTER rrotto and cJiophoupe on promi-
nent street; low rent: fine business: good bar-
gain; call quick. LANE & CO.. SOT. Market st.
$37&— DELICACY and canned goods, meats and
provisions; clean fresh stock; pleasant rooms;
low rent. LANE & CO., £65 Market St.
>— SAY, FIS II ER & CO., have you~lodg!ng-
houses? Yes, what price? J3CK) up, any loca-
tion dt-elred: 12 rooms. $300; 10 ruomx, H'jO; 10
rooms, new. f>>0, flne; 2" rooms, bargain. $750.
37 rooms, I2O.0, snap; all sizes, all prices, a.i
new bargain*; call and 6fe us. 1032 Market.
WE have largest list of saloons, hotels, gro-
ceries, cipar stores, etc.. in the city. Call
FCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St., be-
! tween F:fth and Sixth; telephone Mint 1911.
COME ar.d ask about that Humboldt County
oil land; Jui-t like Pennsylvania. FOWLER
* CO., 1113 Call building.
I PARTNER wanted in an old-established board-
j Ing stable; owner well-known, reliable man;
good value. DONNELLY & CO.. C32 Market.
$700— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain; slck-
j ness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
' f 777H Market Bt.
j WANTED— l'artn«r in a gon,. paying mechan-
ical business in Oakland: established 24 years;
J7500 capital required, which will be fully se-
cured by good real estate; no chances of loss;
1 must lie business man competent to keep
: l>noks and collect Mils. Call or address E. W.
WOODWARD. 11 Montgomery «t., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
NOTHING succeeds like suco-ss— $UK> invested
in wheat or stocks by my "safe investment
plan" hafi returned larger profits with smaller
j risk than any known method; particulars
free; successful custorr.ers & highest financial
l-efererce. S. A. (""LEMONS, broker. Old Col-
ony buildir.a:, Chicago, 111.
FOR paie — Pigeons; any one wishing to engage
in the very profitable business of raising
g.juaiis or pigeons for t-hooting clubs. hTe is
a good chance: SCO pigeons, nice furnished
house, all rvady to co into: sell cheap; must
leave city; rent JS only. Ad. box o73L\ Call.
PARTIES having capital ti invest in large or
small amounts" ran secure a permanent invest-
ment whirh wil! pay net diviiler.ds from 15 to
40 per cent annually; fullest investigation;
pend for particulars. Address Fisheries, box
111L CaU office.
DRUGGISTS— Rare chance for pushing man
with rash to invest; profitable business and
grv>d sti-.ck. Fnr.iarticulars address MR. MUL-
LEN, with Reddington k Co., Fan Francisco.
1 A NICK country hotel a short distance from
city. •:• .:.»¦ pood business: must sell on ac-
count of death. Ad'lress IJaden Hotel, South
Fan I>anciseo, Kan >¦:.,:•¦ ¦¦ County.
WANTED^-WO.OOO. in surr.s from $.'.n upward. In
a nrw enterprise; investment guaranteed
aKair.st K-ss; write for information. Address !
box 32L4. Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN located eight yearn In Philippine I
Islands aiid China would like to meet gentle- I
man with some capital. Box 372T). Call offlce. |
BARBERS-— For sale, first-class country shop, !
running 3 chairs and 6 bathroom?; everything j
first class; price |7o0. Address box 3CG6. Call.
i WANTED — 3 frravel miners with jr.00 each foi j
j a eplenuid prof-;*>ct in Nevada County. Ap-
i ply 26'j Kf-arny Ft., room 15. !
i SALOON and lodging-house tr> r^nf; aoutbwest ¦¦
ci-rner First ami Federal sts.. near Mail dock;
will assist a pood man.
11900— CANDY and stationery business; equity!
of property. lot, store, flat. 1117 Pacific si. j
YOVNG man acquainted In city. w!th some i
capital: Intimate business. liox S724. Call, j
GENTLEMAN to act as silent partner In first- ',
clans business. Box 3X9, Call offlce.
WILL buy bakery or half-interest: »mall busl- I
nes! preferred. X. Y.. Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED shoe shop; rent cheap! j
DOS Ellis st., near Scott.
BARBER shop In good location. Inquire fl '
Clay et.
FOR salo-A hotel, situated ¦ n^ar the Union
Irrn Work! ;u:d sugar refinery: reason for
fel'.lnif. wishing to go to the country. Apply
1W2 Kentucky st. I
FOR sale— Hotel with P large moms, with res- I
tjurtnt and bar; doing good business; rooms
ell full of steady boardrrs: V> to ;.() tran-dent
for dinner. AdilreKS box 3704. Call office.
A— USfC: CORNER grocery and bar: well establ
ilshed; iiutFide trad?; fine lucality; rare od- '
portunltr. Box 4522, Call office. I
12000— PARTXKR wanted In old establTshed
J.upineEs: must have a knowlede* of hard-
ware Address box 4092. Call office.
$300— STATIONERY, confectionery, cigar?, no^
tions. etr. ; living rooms; cheap rent; bargain. !
For particulars address box 2718. Call office.
ISM— SALOON a.nd fixtures: 2 Mocks' from Mar-
ket st.; war principal theaters; pood paying
business; rent reasonable. Address L. C
PHASER, box 4324. Call office.
BAXOON on Thirds st.. near Market" Partlcu-
lars V. S. Brcvtrjr, 315 Kulfm ft.
SALOON for rale: opposite ferry. Apply 111
East St.. north of Market; jio agent.".
Jl'A' — HOME bakery, with fine portable oven
_Ki2 Mission st.
J400— CORNEH crocerj' and bar, with 4 living
rooms. Illl Howard st., comer Langton.
FOR ?ale cheap; bakery b^kir.sr S\ borreln; j
hcry- ami wngin: KO'A reason. Box 333*. Call.
FOR Fa!«»— $3000; an old-estab:ish»-d horseshoe-
ing business, near cjiyj ir.fludcs shop an>l
toolr: averages 20 horr.es daily; lirht-cla** I
prleca: present cwner wishes to retire. Ad-
dr»RS box 4!<22. Call offli.-e. for particulars.
T2iO0— COAL and feed yard ar.d express busl-
r.t-rs; 4 hcrsej and I (rajrons; good building;
livlr.ff-roomi; long !ease; excellent chance;
BOOd location. "£2o Flxteeiith St.
COUNTRY merchants trading with Indians can
I find a market f^r Indian baskets by address-
ing the Mexican 'sxA Indian Curio Co., ali
Seventeenth Ft., Denver. Colo.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc; fine
location; place is entirely covered: contains S
"tails: r'-nt only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKKOX & CO.. C14 Call building.
FOR sale cr trade, cheap, patent rights; will
man that called Wodnosday to canvass call.
I N. DOniilNS. 30b Butter St.
i FOR sale— On account of retiring from busi-
ness, a Fecond-hard clothing store; an old-
e&tablishrd stand. 507 Jackson, nr. Montgom'y.
FOIi sele— jo furnished room?; all rented: rent
122 CO; price only $150. Apply 10C Second st.
FOIt t»le— Shoe store; fmnll stock. 1US Rail-
road ave.. Hay station. Alameda.
MILK rani'h lor i<ale: In city lirats; every-
thing complete. Box «909. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento 8t.
CLAPS1FIKD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlc-e. 2200 Fillmore- st.
A BRANCH orflee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. - .
Uinci.NC-lKll'si-.s KOR SALE.
10 ROOMS; Van Ness; corner; cheap.
13 rooms; Eddy; sacrifice.
17 rooms; O'Farrell; bargain.
36 rooms:' Market; excellent chance.
44 rooms; Post; owner retiring. •
EMERY & SMITH, 3 Eddy «t, ear. Martet,
room 1
j LODGIXG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
| n. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
18 rooms; rent ?.".0; clean house $750
*G rooms; rent S7o; Income $325 3000
47 rooms; rent 5103; corner; clears $175.... ISM
129 rooms; terms to suit buyer 2000
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central J1000
11-room house; $300 down, balance easy.. 500
20-room house; first-class lOiO
11-room house: $475; 6-room fiat 32.1
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market St.
IF you are looking to buy a corner grocery,
saloon, cigar stand, branch bakery or any
business, call on uy; It costs nothing to eee
our list. A. E. Skiff & Co., 304 Montgomery.
| MARION GRIFFIN. 719 M^rk7n7.^ room No.
¦ 1— Houses of all r.izes and prices; please call
! tor free list; money to loan.
' A.— ROOMING hous»; heart city; a snap this
I day. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
WANTED— Tenant for new 110-room house. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
WANT a house. 33 to 40 rooms, at a reasonable
price for cash; no agents. Write \V., box
I 1^79. Call offlce.
' LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
i WANTED— Tenant for new llO-rormi house. A.
M - SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st. ¦
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
I ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON*. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wncon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2ii-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & drivinc horses. 15th & Vai«»n?la.
SPONGES nnd chamois our Fpecialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO., 150 New Montgomery st.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
i MF'T of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
I wholesale and rptail; send for catalogue.
Mlr'ature Portrait Co.. ?:¦:.? Market St.. S. F.
j CAHI'ET HEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to BPAULDINQ'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ins Works. 352-257 Tfhama St. ; tel. South *0.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co .
113 Stevenson *t. ; tel. South 22i: lowest rates.
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet-Heating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth si. ; tel. Mi.s«lcn 74.
i CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
I STEVENS, mxr.. 3S-40 Sth ft.: tel. South COO.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4<j.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter bt. ;'
tel. Main 394. GEO, WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLINS Carpet-Reatinfr Works. 333 Golden
•"!a«o ave.: telephone Er«s* 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
3 ROOMS; 340 Sunnyside ave.: $7. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
$f_HOCSE of 4 rooms; worth J12 in city; near
Holly Park; water free. 64 Silver St., off 3d
j $S— THREE-ROOM cottage; 4068 Twenty-sixth
st., near Noe; lot f.."xl14.
cmnoponisTs.
! BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure. :
painless; conr-ult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter. !
SPIRITUALISM: j
1 ARRIVED — Mrs Dr. Fnrnham. world-renowned
j spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa- j
rated: mining aspecialty : cirs. Sun., Wed.. Fri. |
evr's: come and be convinced. (Permanently) j
M3 Eddy et.. bet. Hyde and Larkin: no sign.
i MRS. KOTTER, 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day. 2 * j
I S p. m.; 10c: sittings daily: G.. $1; I,.. 50c.
! GO to WATSON. 1581 Market, nr. 12th— Kamous ]
! palmist & medium: lui-ky & true; 25c &• 5Co.
! MATCHETT holds circle Ui-nicht. 8 o'clock; 10c; ';
[ test to all. 132 Fourth Kt.; fittings daily, jflc. I
I MRS. LESTER— Cir. Sun.. Tues.. Fri. eve., I
10c; readings daily. 2<" Turk st.
! ALWAYS see the best. MME. RAE, 14 Turk
St.; fee $1. S
i MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, i
healer nnd card reader. 132 Sixth St.. ror;m 1. j
• MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl- ;
n«-ss medium, llf*- rrader: sitting St. 1104 Mkt. I
i FRIENDSHIP Hall. 23.*) McAllister— Mrs. C. J. '>
Meyer, fit. dailv: cor.vinc'g tests to-night 10c. |
CLAIRVOYANTS.
; ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR. the npyptian Gypsy, draws nslde the I
j uncurtained years ahead: happiness and success j
¦ po hand in hand. y"t. hundreds fall wh^re fuo j
• rr?s i? poffiiiie were it not for a lack of. fore- J
j sight Into th» future. If you are in trouble of ;
; any kind. diFcontenteii. unhappy or not satis- i
! tied in life, consult ISMAR. for she Is a proph- '
! etrss of World-Wide f;imp, and her name hnn ;
| become a proverb in thousands of homes made :
• happy by h'-r all and advice. ISMAR can be [
I consulted daily fmm 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. at her
1 office. 114s Market St.. opposite Sixth. Full '
life reading- by mail. $5.
¦ . .
MRS. E. M. DU VALU
423 Goliirn Gate ave..
Late of Iy?s Angeles.
Mrs. Du Vail I* a natural born clnlrvoynnt j
and hPaler. She tells your past, presc-nt ami fu-
ture life. dlaKniiSfH diseases, cures deafness,
etc. If thrre are obstacles In the path of your •
life she can tell you how to overcome them and ;
how to avoid them.
Mrs. Du Vnll lms practiced successfully In ]
Lr.s Angeles for the past nine years for all |
tho principal business people, as well as ttaose j
in the highest society, and still has patrons
there, to whom she will continue to give her [
valuable advice. •
Mrs. Du Vail is permanently located nt 423 '¦
| Golden Gate ave.. Pan Francisco. :
| MMK. LAN'iK, the great clairvoyant. t<*ils past I
j future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian j
i recret: Eh*.\vs picture future husband or wife-
| fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody- open
! Sunday*. 1167 Market st.. bet. 7th and fth.
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card !
reader, born with double veil & second sight
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies bOc- I
gents fl ¦ palm. & elair. sit. $1 60. 12C Turk st!
j ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and j
ralmlst. permanently located 1148 Market. opp. I
?th: private readings dally 10 a. m. in 5 p. m.
MME. I5ERNARD reads life fluently? advice
Kiven in all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
nntrcd- 2r,c up. 17 Third st.. next Kxamlner.
i A GYPSY, genulnn clnirvoyant, located 10 days
p42 Mission; ladies, 2".c; gents, TjOc. Frawley.
MMR.VALKKN. clairvoyant, palmist; card read-
.i.'er; rral Ecyptlan charms. 215 Leaven worth.
MME. RUTH, treat prophetic card reader;
I'c. 70S Kills st., near Larkln.
MRS.MELVILLK, weTT known clairvoyant wa^
tPr 0 u Slxth i ( >™'an spoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium: card
f reader; 25o np. 823 Mission, nr. 4th; no sign.
MM t K ' ';, l:ni:l)A - thu Pvps>\_ls the Kreat palriT
MME, AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader <ind
ralnilnry; truth or no .,ay: 2.'c. 1149 Mission.
MMK. RCHAFI'ErT clairvoyant, card reader
? Ittings ij.-itly. 212'4 Sixth H.
MMK. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice-: raine.-i glvmr 2r.i- vip. P Fourth st.
— »
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W.
le^c yjf-eysful. U.;om an. P27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELKCTRO-OE.VTAL CLINIcTsOD Mar^
kct at., cor. 4th. im. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
liave your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates cur specialty; gold crowns.
13 so up; plates, «:xtrac-t Ions free. J» 50 up; of-
ncc hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundavs. 9 to 2
l^" 1 - G - W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVALSKT has returnerl from
the Pans Exposition with seme of the finest
rjatt-nts for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, full set. $J; fillings.
-i'fJj^i!!: $ *L r! L£ n i£i!^ l>ntalParlors,24 6th.
KIG I 1 I.P rIZ(>s for bi>Rt "owns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful Fecret. painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; sady attendants.
r>R. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work I*
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call
ami ree our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references; examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns, »3 60;
bridgework, $3; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m to 9 p. m.
Jtfodern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. O. Q.
I)R. LUDLUM HILL7l443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ars
made — old plates made over like new; teeth
from tS per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. ALUERT HILL. 850 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for the best work.
L ?« WI C? T Trices In S. F.; painless extraction.
We. New York Dentists. $6") Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. 14; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM-"Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
¦sasosss p :k. 1 piate - dr - h - °-
j DOG HOSPITALS.
i bit!^ BUZAHD^ DogH^spltairpostr Fillmore^
| Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $150; all
j animals treated; dog3 boarded. Tel. West 630.
DR. Crc-ely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate ay,
MRESSMAIvERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Drerpmaklni?, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ; life
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added new business practice offices and
'."0 now typewriters; catalojsrue free.
HEALl^H Business College. '.'I Post st., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new SO-pape catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.-
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, rxr-ert court reporter, teachor of
I Fhortiiand: reportorlal phrasing taught; j>rac-
j tlcal l>ookk*«-i>lnK: full course. $50: catalogue.
j PICOF. BQTHWELIil BROWNE'S School for
Article Novelty Dancing. Supreme Court
building, cor. Ijjrkin and McAllister: class
for children Saturday afternoons; private lea-
Bons at C22 McAllister st. s-'xy. ¦-.
A NIGHT School 7or~Me*n~at the T. M. C. A.
j bulld:r.g. Mns=on and Ellis sts.: registration.
i Bern. 1t)-2<: studies elementary and advanced:
groat I'TTorlunliy for younif men to gain a
• practical business education.
A-THK LYCEUM; an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Ftnnford professor. PheJan building.
I ALL students but two taking full course this
year KOt positions. HAN FISANCISCO BUSI-
j NESS COLLEGE. 122C Markot s^
I BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
I ITS. TAKIt. expert, aecnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
I ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, aj-say. cyanide, ar'.-h.: day. eve.: est. ISM.
) VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 93.1 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business Collpge It again en-
j larging quarters. Ceme see us. 305 Larkln st.
i MUNSnx r s7hool Shorthand. Typing, Hookkeep-
' ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
GOOD plann toarher would like a few more
pupils; lefsons 25 cents. .ISO O'Farrell st.
PIANO and German: pupil of Conservatory In
LeipHc; Wsons 75c. 32» Colden Gate ave.
! ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar. writine.
I etc.. day or eve. : $5 mo. If2< Mission, nr. fith.
LE JEUNB Art and Craft School; modellnc.
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
I CHEAPEST and best in America— Tho Weekly
Call. 16 rapes, sent to any address In the
t United Stites or Canada one year for $1.
postage nald. _____________
E3IPLOYMKNT OFFICES.
A^JAPANESE~and~ Chinese employment eon-
tractor; estabj over 10 years; all kinds he>p.
421 Post p.t.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanlncr Co —Waiters, cook*.
I dishwashers. E-t. 1S90. 102R Oak: tel. Page 547.
j UNION Japnnese-Cfiinepe emp. office— Be«t help
j furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 3176.
ORPHKUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese h°!p. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.Biack 3072.
! JAPANESE nnd Chines? Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 8C6V., Stockton.
I CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell ft : tel. East 425.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FK«AI,E.
A YOUNG American woman who Is a good
plain cixik. dean and economical, would like
a pcsltlrin to do plain cooking in either city,,
or country: would oook fur miners' camp cr
Fmall country boarding-house; must have re-
spectful treatment: i'ers-jns answering this
nd. please stato full particulars; no one want-
ing Konc-ral housework girl need reply. Ad-
rtr.'ss box 2740. Call clllee.
AN American working housekeeper wants a
situation; capable of taking full charge; -none
but respectable parties need answer. Call or
Bddreea 122 Fourteenth si.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
S21 Mission st.. room 1.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do sec-
ond work: references. Address 124 Flllmore -jt.
LADY de?lres position as stenographer and
bookkeeper; experienced; s.-ilary t-IO a month.
Address box 372*. Call offlce.
THE party that was looking <.jr MRP. PRICK
to pew wil! ilr.d her at leisure at &22 Stockton.
A COMPETENT nurs-o desires engagements 01
care of invalid lady or gentleman. Call or
address Nurse, 2~0 Stevenson st.
YOUNG lady wishes plain sewing. 60 Third
St.. roon: 2.
A YOUNG lady stenographer would like a po-
sition with some reliable firm; wllllne to
work for moderate salary. Box 3713, Call.
A RELIABLE woman wants any kind of light
work by the day or half-day; sleep home.
Address 71SA Post St.
AN elderly woman (American) would like work
in small family; good home; small wages.
1024 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a place ad
working hi:u«?keeper: would car*? lor chick-
ens. Address box 3737, Call ofilce.
COMPETENT Gorman woman- wants work by
the day. washlnp. Ironing: references given.
Address 1201 Vallejo st.. Western Addition;
no cards.
STYLISH dressmaking on ladies' and chil-
dren's clothes in the late designs In families;
Jl 25 per day; references. Apply at 1201 Web-
ster st., corner Kddy.
WIDOW from the East wants position as work-
ing housekeeper. Address T., 112 Golden Gate.
DRESSMAKING and plain sewing by the day.
at home or In families. MRS. SMITH. 501
Tost St., room 14.
WOMAN would assist to do cooking or wash-
ing; no hoiiaerleanlng; or would take in plain
sewing. SS Third st. . room 17.
YOUNG woman w.mll like to get some kind
of work by the day. AdJrtsh F. C, box 33ti5.
Call office.
RELIABLE and competent housekeeper, under-
stands cooking and buying, d-^sirts situation;
city or country. Box 33BG, Call ofilce.
A NEAT, educated, middle-aged French lady,
speaking English. wis_hea position to take iull
care of house with children ; no cooking; well
recommended. Address box 3370. Call office.
LADIES' tailoring and dressmaking. MISS L.
FITZPATRICK. 1314 Larkln st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like a few more
onpagements by the day: $1 SO: will take work
home; perfect fit guaranteed. Address 2US
ElllB st.
A THOROUGH fitter In tailor suits wants en-
gagements; $1 50 per clay. 244 Taylor st.
LAPY wishes plain sewing, mending or mak-
ing over garments at home. .1609 Howard St.,
near Twelfth.
¦WOMAN with a baby wishes position In coun-
try. Address box 16, 106 Eleventh st.
RESPECTABLE colored woman wants a place
for cooking and downstairs work. 840 Jack-
son st.
A MIDDLE-AGKD woman wishes to work In
small family to do light housework; Is good
cook. 273 Stevenson et. ; no postals.
COMPETENT girl wants cooking or house-
work; references If required. 2221 Post St.
GIRL wishes a position to do light second
work or care of children. Call 1203^ Turk. ¦
GERMAN lady wants situation I for sewing
where there are chjldren and upstairs work;
no objection to country. Address 40 Twelfth.
LAPY with piano will give lessons In exchange i
for room. Apply box B, Call branch, 300 Hayes, j
A THOROUGH, practical and experienced book- i
keeper, stenographer and typewriter wants
lioFition: moderate salary; references given.
Box 3717. Call office.
WANTp;i>- By a competent lady a position of
trust as housekeeper In a hotel or any pos!-
tlon of trust. Address box 3712. Call office. •
LADY wishes sowing and mending to do at j
home. 116 Sixth et., room 1.
LADY wishes to assist in light housework or
care of children. . lkix 18. 106 Kleventh st. I
WOMAN student wants work; half-day only:
business, lovely cook, seamstress or manager.
Address box 2336 Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House]' 44 Third St., near Marl !
ket: 100 rooms; 25e to $1 r.0 nlsht. II SO to »«
week; convenient and respectable; free "bus I
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaJl branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va- <
lencia st. > -vr -. , j
EMrLOVMEXT WAXTED MALE. j
A SOBER young man wishes to work morn- I
Ings and evenings for board and room while
attending- college: references given. Address
box 3jo3, Call offlce.
RELIABLE man (German) desires position In
wholesale house or drive delivery wagon- besL
city references: sixteen years last place of
employment. Address A. E., box 3723 Call
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
- YOUNG man who Is not afraid of work would
I like a position as stockkeeper In wholesale
; | house; reference satisfactory. Box 3731. Call.
• BILL clerk, experienced, wishes a situation.
¦ t Address box 3726, Call offlce. ;
i LUMBER and freight measurer wants poidUcm:
15 years' experience in Eastern steamship
lines; can take full charge shipping office
work. Address box 3720. Call offlce. =
i SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener: can take care of horses and car-
: riaee. Address Gardener, box 3361. Call office.
' A~"STEADY single man. with good references
i wants situation on private c° un . try , nr p I l ace Bo t j
care for horses, lawn and general work. Box
3367. Call office. '
I YOUNG man wishes to hear of a P°»'" on '"
bar or grocery store; flrst-class reference. Box
: 33fiS, Call office. _____
' BUTCHER, young, honest, sober ¦and Indus-
trious man. wishes position in country town.
a good meat cutter: best of references. Box
3374. Call office. —
' r^» m^T»~^ ra _ SK _^sras
: Sfi&l BKES* ?£
63S Je-Mc St., off Seventh.
; ? iScI E 5n^:s
beFt of'reterence: German descent. Box 37ia.
Call office.
- *2!^ _s_RaftKjg _%«
and room while attending college. Box 33oo.
Call office.
g»_s«usfa»2__S^s5;
if required. Box 8858. Call offlce.
Wn "clerical P<w««°= J »|"
r~3_-S2Sgis HFi » '¦"•••" m »'
small ray. Box 3350 JL _Cal_offlce 1 ________
Y^ ; G~ma7~^she"s place to , lea ™
trade: wages no object while learning. Box
4921. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
a rsRAVCH office for Call advertisements and
s?b"cri P t"ns has been established at 10M Va-
lencia St. .._ — _— —^ ———————
EXPERT OPTICIAN'S.
EVES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
! justed. N. Mnnas»». npnll«t optician. »10 Mkt.
financial:
$40 MO— AT A GREAT BARGAIN— All or any
l>nrt of 400 $100 first mortgage bonds; 8 per
cent. 5 years; secured by clear property for
which $2,000,000 has been refused; money used
to Improve same. Address or call, 612 Van
Ness ave.
IF you have ttocks or bonds of any kind for
Fale. call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING ret. 504 Parrott bulldinc.
FLATS TO LET.
im FT, ATS. HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
907 Eddy, _n. f.. 8 r.tC5>530 Jones, r. f., S r.$15 !
1239 Leavw'th.f.6r$37 5fW221 Austin, f.. 4r $14
1207 Dev'd'ro. f. 6 r.$25!3;9Vi O'Far'll, f. 4 r.$10
1694 Pape. n. f.. 4 r.$20 4222 26th. c 5 r $11 |
Flats wanted— A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mkt.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows; i
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417*4 Third.
BRIGHT corner fiat; 7 rooms, bath; rent only
$25: corner Fourteenth and Howard. BALD-
WIN & HOWF.LL, 10 Montgomery fit.
ELEGANT sunny top flat; 6 rooms, bath; near
City Hall. 151 Grove St.
ELEGANT tunny corner flat, 6 rooms and
bath. 4GM Eighteenth St.. west of Castro.
FLAT to let— 4^r>4 Nineteenth st.. near Castro; j
rent X12: 4 room? and bath. j
j FULTON, 2122^— 3-room flat; nice garden; $6.
Inquire S10 Mission st. .
j 200 FRANKLIN St.. cor. Fell — Nice clean sunny j
flat. 4 rooms and bath: mnlern Improvements.
i IF you want to move *rr-t printed list flats to let i
from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery, j
LOWER fiat, modern: larfie yard; marine view; '
i five rooms and bath; references required. 232S j
I Jones, st. j
MODERN 4-rooni flat, bath and basement, for i
rent; nice location. 1S07 Eddy st.. nr. Scott, j
NIC?: lower flat. 4 rooms; larKe yard; side en-
trance. 2S3 Fell St.; rent $13.
RENT 117; lower flat, fi rooms, bath and par-
j den. 2.1S Thirteenth St.. near Howard.
KENT $IS; flat of G rooms and bath; all modern
Improvements. 1513 Turk st.
SACHAMENTO. 1226*4— 7 sunny rooms and j
bath- fine vlow.
SUNNY desirable flats: Oak ar.d Laguna st3. : j
7, 8 and 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply i
MADISON & BURKE.
TWO U7>i>er fiats: 4 rooms, with larce yard, j
Mables, wngon sheds. 2 Hayward nt., nr. Sth. j
UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; large ¦
yard. Arrdy 2S06 Howard st. j
3 NICE sunny rooms; flat, near Park. 1714
Waller st., near Stanyan; rent $9.
5 BOWIE ave.— Flat of 3 rooms: cheap rent.
$D — FLAT of 5 rooms: newly renovated. 43H j
Federal st., near Mail dock; key next door.
$1",— A NEW 5-room sunny flat; frescoed; 374S :
22d -«t., nr. Castro. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 i
Market St. j
$20— HANDSOME flat: choice neighborhood;
warm belt: beautiful view. Ill Liberty st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. .
T> r>nire«. In wrapper, for malllnir. $1 per year. [
FLATS WAXTED.
SUNNY top fiat, furnished, fi rooms, by mar-
ried couple, near the park; Rive prices and par-
ticulars. Bex 3721. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture In fine corner flat for
sale; In use 2 months. Box 3742, Call offlce.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. Kine Furniture. Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1133 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS "phone John 1041 before sclllnc your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln;tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houties bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1103.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 1S3
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Fresno, $25, fare paid; 2 wait-
resses, Santa Barbara, $20, fare paid; 2 wait-
resses, Madera, $20, fare paid; waitress, VI-
salla, $25, fare paid, and many other; 4 wait-
resses, city, J20: 3 restaurant waitresses, $6
and $7; 2 lunch waitresses, $3 50; woman cook.
Institution, $40; cook, country. $30; fancy
iraner, country, $45, fare paid: Scandinavian i
girl to learn fancy Ironing, Sir. and board to I
btgin and rnnld Increase. I
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Mother and daughter, $35, see party here Mon-
day, at 10 o'clock; cook and second girl,
Berkeley, $50; nurse, $20; second girl. Mare
Island. $20, see party here: 50 houseglrls city i
and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104
) Geary st.
I GERMAN or Swedish houseglrl for small Amer-
ican family, no washing. $15, no offlce fee see
party here C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— Nursery governess, teach music and
I French, $25; 4 parlor maids and waitresses.
| J25; 4 Protestant second girls. $23; 5 second
Elrls, $20; 3 laundresses, $30; 4 laundresses
nnd chambormaldn. $25 and S30; Scandinavian
laundress, $20; Geriran or Scandinavian cook
$35. no wash; 5 cooks, plain wash, $30, short
distance; 12 hotel waitresses, $20, $25; 8 res- !
taurant waitresses, $7 and $S a week;' 2 hotel
cooks. $40: infant's nurse, $25; 175 housogirls
I $20. $25. J. F. CROSETT CO... 316 Sutter si"
j A— GIRL for housework; small family; even-
I Ings and Sunday afternoon free; good treat-
ment: sleep at home. Inquire 2108 Taylor st
I between 1 and 3 p. m.
i ¦ j ZZZI — ¦
I A WOMAN to wash dishes and other house-
i work; about two hours datly. Box 3738, Call.
WAITRESS and laundress by the day or to
rSTr" 1^ 1^ 81^ 6^™ 11068 rec l u 'red. Address box
3i3!>, Call office.
I G y l » \°. work in a coming-house; $3 per week
' Call Monday afternoon, 35. Turk st. v * cr:l1 -
_ WANTED-Young girl; general housework; no
j washing. Call Monday, 833 Post at.
U^M TE » D ~ G ° 0<i J2 l ! l8her on custom pants. S22
Vrfin j "., room ISA*
WOMAN to do family washing; call to-dav
j before 12 a. m. 908 Van Nesg ave:
YOUNG girl for housework: wages $5- call
Sunday afternoon. 2904 Larklnlit.
WANTED— A woman of mature years to tak«
charge of small office. Box 33o8. Call offlce
E aS-8!KAR? *co 9 ° 1 '? s p^ r ,. bo « 8 ' ™EY-
HELP WAJrTCD-FBMALE.
to assist housework and
care of children; good home; small wages.
ISOtj Geary st. -
Sunday from » to 12 a. m.
WANTED-^Finii=hers on pants; good wages and
steady work. 346 Sixth st.
YOUNG girl to asMat In light housework. Ap-
ply 547 A Castro st. .
EXPERIENCED Ironers on muslin underwear.
BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 S anaome_jit.
WANTED- Waitress for coffee house. 43o Elll*
streot. ___,
FIRST-CLASS drefsmaker wanted; also ap-
prentice; paid while learning. 1313 Sacra-
mento st^
A YOUNG girl to assist with Becond work.
1072 Ellis St., near Gounh. -
WANTED— First-class cook for a trip to
Guatemala; returning here March next. Ad-
dress MRS. LOUIS HIRSCH. Moore'a Cot-
tage. San Rafael^
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests,
paid while learning. 541 Market st.
GIRL wanted for lisht housework: no children.
218 Shotwell St.. between 16th and 17th.
YOUNG lady of good appearance and address
to assist In store. FRANCES, 796 Sutter st
WOMAN or girl for housework; musf have ref-
erences. Apply 1215 Polk st.
GOOD rook for bakery and delicacy store; Ger-
man or Swede preferred. 743 McAllister st.
WANTED— A good girl for cooklnir and gen-
| eral housework; good wages. Call 1601 Clay.
AN experienced Ftenographer and typewriter;
thoroughly familiar with mercantile business;
answer by mail in handwriting. Manager's
Offlce. Emporium.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist with
housework. 742 Fulton st.
GIRLS wanted to learn trade; steady work:
wages from start. 522 Market St.. upstairs.
15 TO 87: girl 12 to 13, care for children. 10SH
Fell at. ¦-
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
[ 212 Sanchez St., near Sixteenth.
i ¦ — — — — — — _— — — _______^__
VISIT the McDowell Dressmaking and Millin-
ery School and be convinced that it Is U»
j best school on the coast; leading system;
i thorough, practical course; sewing-room open
to all; reception day, Friday, 1-5 p. m. ; pri-
vate class; pattern* cut. 1019 Market st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy possessed of
self-assertion : good opportunity to rlgh» party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
COOK wanted at 415 First st.; $20 month.
WAITRESS wanted. Restaurant, 631 Clay st.
FIP.ST-CLAFS millinery school; pupils taken:
trade taught in all branches; evening classes; I
satisfaction guaranteed; terms easy. 1107
Van Ness ave., or 1j Mason st.
WANTED— A girl to assist with children. 2312
Clay st.
WAITRESS. 44S Third St.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quirk work.
Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
or.f-rators. at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32% Fremont Ft.; no experience necessary;
good wagfs. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WILLING woman; housework: small family,
steady home; $10. P. O. »>ox 214, San Rafael.
WANTED— Operators on ladles' wool waists '
and children's wear; electric power; good pay.
MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ek-ctric power
sewing machines on ?Mrts at GKEENK
UAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st. I
WANTED — A lady as companion and assist in
light housework; gor>d home, fair pay for
right party. Call after 2 p. m. at IIS Tavlor.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
i-ooking; four In family; no washing. 1603
Scott st.. near Sutter.
GIRL for housework and assist In baker ctore;
no washing: wages $15. F. IBA. 2352 Mission.
WANTED — Hairdresser, hair worker and ap-
prentice. IOC. Market st.
GIRL to help at housework. 743 McAllister St..
delicatessen store.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. IS First st.
OPERATORS on shirt waists! E. 8TEIN-
I1ART, 230 Sutter st.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth Ft., near Valencia.
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry. Six-
teenth St.. near Valencia.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery. £38
Clay st.
GIRL. 16 to IS. to look after 3-year-oM child.
117A Fartlett St.
Al FINISHER on suits at M. SIMINOFF"S. 122S
Market st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisement! and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10'jC
Valencia st.
HELP WAXTED — .MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S loT Geary tt.
j(Xi men for railroad work
200 tenmsters, State of Nevada $2 a day
20 lanorers, Surf $2 a day
20 laborers, Truckee $130
30 tunnelmen and muckers. Chatsworth Park
*2 to |2 50 a day
fee $1 Ship daily Free fare
20 sawmill laborers. ?2S and board; 6 coal
miners, J2 'A a day; sawmill blacksmith. $45;
ranch blacksmith. $40; planerman, sawmill.
$50: man and wife for a resort. $4t; butter
maker. $30; 4 stablemen, $2f> and $30; farm-
ers, woodchoppers and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, restaurant, north. $125: French
second cook. $75; third cook. $fi0; broiler, res-
taurant, ffi.": broiler, country hotel, $43; sec-
ond cook, $r#.
Baker, $43, for sawmill and logging camp;
2 restaurant cooks, country. $.'fl; cook and
wife, institution, $.'.5; 3 cooks, country hotels.
$40 and $45; 10 waiters, hotels and restau-
rants, city and country. $2.1. $30 and $3.1
20 dishwashers and kitchen hands $25 and
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Errand boy for this office. J F
CROSirTT, 216 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, S*>c., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 132.
WANTED— Man. upright character, to manage
business of old-established house; salary 118
per week A expenses, payable weekly direct
from headquarters: expense money advanced-
position permanent; reference. Standard
House, 301 Caxton building, Chicago.
$12 PER week; salary & expenses; men and
women to represent us appointing agents-
rarid nromotion and Increase; brilliant line*'
BUTLER & ALGER, New Haven, Conn
CAPABLE man to travel & appoint agents-
$1000 yearly salary: permanent; promoUon'
Supt.. Co-opratlVT Co.. 3i6 Dearborn St.. Chl-
GOVERNMENT posltlons-Dcn't prepare for
postofflce or other civil service examination
without catalogue of Information?*^ C o-
tumbtan Correspondence College. Washington.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to rlrht man v
PERSON, room 412. Parrott bunding""*'
WANTED— An elevator boy; reference ~
J^ d _L_^_^i MP CO- ?13 Gea" «"
WANTED-Good reliable man for pi^ItiftnTf
S^^r C jggy Ob = « P curVt y n 4!
COY, 17 to 20. to work In grocery store T~
YOUNG watchmaker a.i assistant; state wwm
and references. Box 3723, Call office
U MT s ,To a n nt s e ts: Apply at dru *
3^ r b k^p^T^a^u^Tf
JEWELERS, 3t3 Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
W f£ N » T ? D -" First ' class klt chen helper and a'
flm-clasa oyster man. Box 1352, Call.
EOY wanted between 12 and 14 to learn th«
locksmith trade. Call at 405 Drumrn s?
COOK for small restaurant. 1315 Central ave
between California and Sacramento sTi. '
STOCK clerk for wholesale fancv enort« >,««.»•
IIKLI' WAXTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 33
..Leading* Employment and Labor Agent*
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
WE SHIP FREE WE SHIP FKE
To all parts of California. Nevada. Utah an
other States and Territories
Lor Angeles Santa Barbara Distrh
Dunsmulr Redding Shast
J" r «no Truckee District
Reno. Nev Sa . t Tjake rit
S U i •;.-••,- San Lu1s Bakersnel
Soda Springj and S3 othtr points, laborer:
teamsters, tunnelmen, etc.. J3. J2 50. |2, $1 ;
!?, ay •;;-.•• Free far
Only n fee „ fee Ml
MIT.UAY & P.EADY.
634-BS8 Clay at.
A ltl^} LORERS - TO "KLP CARPENTER:
Come y *,i", suit - **>¦ *3S, no ami found™
COM* —» MintRAT. *- READT, OKM Clay
A r7h^h I>EX:i i Er^' free rare : »tone masons
plumber and tinner for factory; btectanUtt
Helpers; sash and dor.r maker
ih"^Vr liOX FACTORY WORK
raid °'- to *- 5 anl found - fa "
V^rl r i ,• ," umb "''lt "-our.ty. ISO; 2G4 la-
f^rnia ,1 teamsters for all parts of Cili-
Loggers, crosscut —wytn, J;:. and found;
swampers; J» «rtll«rs. «tt» jub; 1- hammer
men, brii-ksetter?.. wheelefs; eil^rman. %3
o«y; experinnceil 2-horse t-amstcrs, city. $; E
day : 50 men to pile lumber j f ;o
•¦ to mines ;..;. .
.j men as laborers for mines.... $3t an.l found
26 miners. Fins;!* hand work. J73. $«- tCS farm
hands steady jobs, |33. $30. $:5 ar.d found;
26 milkers, better makers. J30 and found; It
stablemen, city and country. $U>. S30. $;;, and
found; 3 farmers and wives; married furnace
man; 16 choremen and boys
j:i. 13). $15. $!0 and VounVi
10 vaqueros to break colts to saddle, Jli nr;.)
found, steady, good Job; 18 teamsters. roa»!
w ork c: :.» and foun.l
tor all other Jobs rome and see
MURRAY & OEADY.
K4-S38 Clay st.
A— ISO laborers, no experience necessary, for th<
sawmills and wocd3, fare paid; 150 men anr
boys to pick a'l kinds of fmlt* and erapes
wcrls In packing and drying houses. |3H an
found. MURRAY & READV, 631-O5 Clay st
j A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHER. ...
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
23 cooks J30, jw. $40. S30 and foun.'
13 waiters ....' $35, $30, $:5. tZO and fount!
32 dishwashers $30. $25. $20. $!.» and found
12 bakers' assistants. $40, $33, $30 and found
It laundrymen, $4f>. t*5. $30. $23 and founii
Candymakers; portpr help for Institution....
Pantry man, Nevada $40 and found
6 butchers $35. J50 and S6(
Pantryman; Icecream makers
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FOR a Government position, an experienced
stenographer and typewriter. ilUURAY &
READT. 634-606 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL
Reef lugger. $2 2." day; stonemasons. $3 day;
help for wine cellars; tailors; foremen: boys
for bakeries and others; wagons and nur-
series; sausage makers; painter for Govern-
ment: laborers for factories; choremen anil
boys: Sfl.1 positions not advertised. Come see
MURRAY & READY, «34-O> Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler for repair work; state
wages: reference: permanent position. Box
3722. Call office.
WANTED— A younsr man experienced as cake-
baker. 25 Market St.
ALL sires men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E12 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED— SO joiners. Steamer Alesia, sea
wall, 7 a. m., Monday.
A YOUNG mnn to work on wringer. Mercan-
tile Towel Co.. 251 Jessie St.. near Fourth.
2 GOOD machine hands and 2 cabinet makerj
wanted at &3j Folsom st.
WAITER wanted at 13T. Fifth st.
BAKER: third hand on bread. S38 Third st.
BOYS with experience »t under-pressing on
pants and vests. T.41 Market et.
WANTED— A ko.k1 hand on bread; $35 anl
found. 1817 Powell st.
FIRST-CLAPS pants makers wanted. Apply
111" and 1112 Market st.
WANTED — Good lunch waiter; also a good
dishwasher. 236 Townscnd st.
WANTED— Good leather Workman. Call Mon-
day moniinc at room 6. MD Market st.
AMBITIOUS men can make 100 per cent sell-
ing King's brass polish, silver polish, glove
and clothes clearer; nothing better on earth;
c.ish required for goods. J. METZ. 515 Junes
street.
SMAIiT bo/ wanted; one net afraid of work
and handy with tools: wages $12 per month:
«tate where last employed. Address box 430i.
Call offlce.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 420 Folsom at.
WANTED— Blacksmith that can do woodwork;
eld man preferred. Fitteenth and Valencia.
GOOD tailor for busheling. 4SS Bush St.. near
California Hotel.
GOOD hypnotic subject; one who is willing to
travel. Call Sunday, 1 o'clock, at £17 Mason.
BOY wanted over 14 years of age to work in
grocery; reference. Aprly Sunday morning.
between 9 and 11:30 o'clock, at corner F1L1-
more and O'Farrell sts.
WAXTED — Carpenters to build horse stalls on
transport; none from ""learners Samoa or
Nurr.burg need apply. W. A. BOOLE &
SON. 213 Kteuart st.
WANTED — Recruits for tho United States Ma-
rine CcrpB. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of Rood character, between the agej
cf 21 and 35 years; not less than S feet 4
Inches and not over « feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United £ta.tes cr per-
sons who have lesalty declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writ*
and speak Er.gllsh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. ?) Ellis at.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K St..
Sacramento. Cal., or 1053 J »t.. Fresno. Cal.
EXPERIENCED promoter and stock operator
wanted to handle the sale of stock: state pre-
vious experience. Box 3714, Call office.
WANTED— Steady man to take Interest In
commission business: Jl.'n required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777*4 Market st.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23<j
to 60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBERS — 4-chalr shop and baths; flne loca-
tion; must sell Immediately; no reasonable
offer refused. Address box 3315. Call offlce.
MAN and wife for bakery: man to drive tho
delivery and wlf* to attend to store and do
some cooking. Address box 4022, Call offlce.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business. £.00 Ilaicht st.
BOY for bookhindery. 18 or 17 years; must b«
strong. Box 3706, Call office.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard it.
FIRST-CLASS 4-chair barber «hoj> for sale;
terms easy: location central. Box €83, Call.
BOT8 wanted. Pan Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works. Seventh and Townsend sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green nandi:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at S27 Four-
teenth st.. near Guerrero.
ME.N and women to learn barber traiie. ri. F.
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PEN SIOXS-OEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer, li
years' nractice: Examiner building.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only els^t
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map cf city free.
Meier' s Barber College. 633 Clay Bt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkln. Reno House proprlenr. still
runs D*nter House, 117 Thirl st. : 150 larga
rooms ; 25c per nlsjht; $1 to $2 per week.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; "00 rooms, *5c nlcht; reading-room; frea
'bus nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
LIXDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 23c night: 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlo. 22T0 ni'.rr.^r* ft
HORSES. UVE STOCK, Etc Kor Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Gr\nd Arcade Horse- Market.
S27 Sixth St.: auct.on sales every Wednesday.
SITLLIVAX St DOYLE. Auctioneers.
100 HEAD of flne horses t^IU be sold at auction
Tuesday evening-. September IS. at 7:3'). Oc-
cidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.
WORK horses for sale; Just arrived. A carload
at PETERSON'S stable. 107 New Montgomery
street.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses: at.^o
pneumatic and rubber-tired hucrsies: ehea-'.
Occidental Hnr»e Exchange. 721 Howard st."
FOR sale— Fome ycuns. fresh milch cows"! oT
F. PERLE, Angel Island.
HOUSES TO LET PXJTCSISHED. ;
BEAUTIFULLY furnished upper flat, S rooms
and bath; $40; Presidio Heights. F B SL'R-
RYHNE. 123 Montgomery st.
FOR lease — Furnished, new. modern cottage «
rooms and bath; gardens, stables rahbitrv-
at Peralta Park, Berkeley. Inquire <fto Front
St.. San Francisco, room 3.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
37
IIOISES TO LET.
X-PUINTKD list; hom to let^wid'^nr rTT
t«i»r.-.a-iL-yMiap5M-fca)gM KSS}
s«g Pcarr. rt.fi between Masoa ar.d Taylor
W £r-; E r° ourt ' :3 ' off l«*?gj»Mj Outwent
5 flz »; t mnny rooir,*; water free.
1 ' 0 "^' T • rt - n "' s anTTaTh; law yard-
rent J_a. water extra; reduced from £„ i^i
Br-.aawa>. near Van Ness ave
TO LET- Houye of 4 roor^s. 23(13 Polk st.
f. >JMir rooms; warm belt. 512 <;«er'.-ero st
HOI SES WASTED.
N r, nD 7 T ° [bouse; i cam* '. to
rl-« m^,* lot on T»-<-r. ; y- St: ..,,n.l "tree?
deroTt" Mi * sSon £nd Vaknc !a . 407 Oovifal
I 1 ' '__
. XO8T AM> FQUXD.
pc5r ' s tn airland) trali
«t < aUaad r.ioie by the 10 o'clock boat, or on
v^'T'". t 1 ,,?,"'- 1 ""£*** l«*eel«. Return to H.
*¦¦ HAKlilKK. ISo Butter Bt.
i -'' ST ~: A :-r.v. % near freight depot. Spear, and
<-;/:; '""v, ¦*¦>• rontalnln* money. Return 622
- ogto *P?t.;K-m )M »l reward.
X *V«™~. S r^v'T. 1 * 1 " **•*«« <S«>M taickle pin. IU-
.-~Ll!!LlLj^_J*' regard.
: """ ¦ iX f | *- terrKr - black spots
" u -f It J," ?"*! ° a ty ' : iic< - n ~ t3lc i:r ''-
V^!_^ w ?' c;;r ' —
liOST— A Cybook wi;h the Hil.err^a Saving
e ol fHEEESlA BIELICH: So. J4S-7U.
Hie flnder m*U >iea«« return t.j bank.
fc -\ : ' r "i A *^v l '^ k vlth "*« HibernlalEavtaBs
;",.;, rfw r*. y of Par! Francisco, in th-
Vk r ¦ JAMK * KINSKLLA. N... S»-UE8
Th- urv^r will ik-use retain t.. lank.
MEDICAL.
I'll, and MRS. DAVlESrT:^Ma7keT^?^l>M'.
able .adieg- and ctaU' «pedal!«t«; C year*
, ractice; have treated thousands ot ca**« sue-
cesBXttUjr; a positive cur? jjuararjtee-1 at of-
«<•*: ladies trcat.-d can return home the sai.i*
&>: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cur^: any one can us? it by di-
rections; perfectly harmle*s: home for renflne-
ment. P«»nd five £-ct?r.t stamp* for c'.r.uiar.
I'll. G. W. OI«)NM:m the wcrld-r- .nowr.ej
iaflieg' tp-csaiist: Fafe and reilabie; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco fur years; tre.itr.J 'hou-
fands of cases ¦UfCfrfally; treatment can lx?
used at home; consultation free. After a'.!
f-thers fail c.-.'.l on him. VB2% Market rt.
S3RS. GOODWIN, »ell -known ladies' >pe t -ialist.«.
have returrx-d Tr< m Europe: safe and reliable:
cure $i: have tr^-atfd thousands of cases witii
fucwf f ; 1:. ;. ears' prarti'-e in £. F. ; maternity
botae; !<>w f»-<*. 1007>£ Market st.. nfar SixtU.
ALL nervous ?'•""'• mental disease* cured; rot
and (slefp assured; hiphest testimonials. F.
P. fC. Van Lan<J<>»?hem. IV P. I,.. Iat» of 56 E.
C3d Ft., N. Y. City, rir.s-. 5 & <~; office hours,
9 till 1 o'clock. C40 Golden »Iate ave.
MANY wre-'-ks Jr. Plain's navy could have been
sav-£ :: pn '¦* >^'y han4?Hl. as wr-oks ar<r saved
• 10 drunlceeaess and drutj habits by the
Willow Bark Co., 1&C3 I'cik *t., tan Fran-
f-TP.ICTLY rrivate and eecta&ed residence.
away frrm the public jraze. for the treatment
of women; confinement ca*?s tsken. M.KS.
DR. FI'NKE, UiC Eighth Ft.. Alameda. :
NG TOT K-:i:. Chinese doctor; circs scasttnap-
tion. canter, catarrh, etc.; all o:;<'a«es treat-
ed: Fend for testimonial*; advice fr<^ Sani-
tarium. 704 Facran>.»nto St.. corner K»irny.
SIRS. DXL WYETH, reliable specialist; :i yrs.
I ractice; home in confinement ; treatment *•
< f!:c*>. tZ; any ai!n!«[; consultation frf«?; co"j-
fid«»ntt<il. i<£ P»et st.. !>>t. iiyda .-:nj l.arkln.
A — NEW procew; every woman ner own phy-
sician: not medicine or pi!!* used: rrictlca!
;>.-;-i-lar. ;T yrf. Dr. roi'I'KR. 3;s Kearny.
SIHfi DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
flaflios-' Epffialist; puarante*d treatmT.t at of-
J.". iK.titive oure. 446 Eddy, nr. Levnwrth.
::::< M. ALLEN. irj5 Market-La.iies^t^ecla!-
:?t: botn# in conant-n^r.i : (safe and -<>il»ble.
ccneultatlan fr<>e: h=ur» 10 to S.
j It ar.J y.nh. M. WEGENEH-Prlva'-s !:om
in confinciaeat. 1G12 «J:!df>n Gate av«.
: R ITOXO HIM. he:t> CoeUw. treats ill dls-
- -f -hf hrnmn bn4y IIS Mnm »,.
BIIM\G AND ASSAYING.
TO .'.¦ -. one irtcr^st^l in buyiaK mines; valu-
nble -• -cirrjf-np <-,f erar^.-t". BUipbnr, fire clays.
art'' •• s and nil k'.r.ds of mineral iia'.nts on
rxh:\ Uon at 4 r -' Front Ft.', room 3.
V I S( KLLAXEOIS— FOIt SALE.
liOILEKS, pr.nin^s Id-hand machinery. Mc-
IS1>>H & UOLPilAN. 3:«S-1S7 Fremont *t.
¦-" !.rk bas^. mirrors, showcases. courA»rs.
i- .¦;;:-. n«w and second-hand: we always
have a large etock of 6a!oor-. outfits on hand;
r. -nplete outfits c.n our floor, ready matfe;
v- can t-h>\) everythiriK in It hours. J.
NOONAJJ. 1017. IO». VOX. V\>?. Mission at..
;;¦ \- Sixth: «Titc for catalorue.
F '. fa!"- Property cf the Live OaJc Oooaoll-
.: •-: Ocid Mining Co.. tituated in Nevada
y, 11 ni">s north of Auburn: 2 patented
b; '-tran-.p guarti mill: ditch and hc'.xt-
¦ rk.« ccmplete. For further particulars
— ot A. 1!EI£TEH. &:< N'lntt et.. Sac-
• . Cat
merred fonr-m*«ted et^el f-V.p. Ande-
g in Tarcrai barbor. also scowa,
£•'¦— -. stiears, fllvjnjc gear, casinos, cable
; r i :ber wrecking appHar-ces. Addres-R all
:icatior.s to C. L. PARKER, ?eerrtary,
I :l, Bailer block. Seattle, Wa*h.
:i:V oir! violin with box and bow for $13;
n< mid nr.ee lor SCO. CXCLE HARRIS. 15
T1SCYCU3PEDIA. Brftannlca, balf-boand. k<*A
u : • -v, : rola.: cost ?v: price J4S If sold
-i-jlrk Box ZZr*. Call office.
A FTMAI.!: Ft. Remard &og tor sale. Inquire
Bt : ' •• ii.
5 :4'".""i-:iN(j-I.IRr) chf-ap. or exchange for
¦ ; Howard s=t.
t ET : drawing friFtrumrrnts, 2 T squares, trl-
angteti, i.iard, etc; cheap. Hoom 1, 865 Mkt.
BDFF Lrvhorn ror'K>-rels. tl 50 each. A. K.
HOLLOWAT. 120 Palmetto ave^
FTSK Pte»r»rt banjo tSOz n.-.^t *«5. B^x 17*3,
<'all office.
IT5—F1 iR >a!e; counter and fixture* with furnl-
!'ire for 2 room f: and Btore to let. $5. O. \V.
K. PATTSRSOM &• CO.. DM Market et.
FOR ?ale— A f.ne large E-foot Candia palm.
rr.iit U'asMnston Bt.
BLACK-ANn TAN na'.e. r* !b«.. 1 year old;
fiiso Newfoundland i>u;>. US Tehama. off 3d.
rLACKFX! IT1 T' S Rr.-! !i'in-esbo«T'i outfit, cheap.
Cri'.TlX. 51» Market Et.
A—BUYS. *e!l» or rer.t* R*-ar machinery, en-
irir.es. boilfre. »-at»r p!j«. -:..¦:: .r. a. pulley*.
He. inUTCLAW. 216 Spear et.
fe H.-J*. "nd-hand sttarn <r.Kine and boiler; al?o
for gasoline, 6. i, 3 and 14 h.-i>. *ach; flrst-
,!aff; barralna. EPSTEIN. SSS Mission et.
PTEKI- taTjkt. al! flifs: BUltaole for »-«f-r or
ell; cheap: all fhapes: Becoi.d hand. H. S.
W HIT E. SI 6 Mission 6fc
A—HO DERBY and Fedora hnt«. JI 7R. Pop-
ular Price Hatter*. T»'> Kearny «.. near Pin*.
A — 300 HORSEPOWEn fr.pine. boiler. 2 drill
sir oRmpre?«or. JARPINES. J23 Fremont et.
BICYCLE (ladle**), J'.<00 mtxlcl; used 1 nonth:
COM (5»: price SZ'i fash. Ho» S241. Call ogic-.
? \FKS— New «n<i Bwonil hand. THE HEH-
' MANN SAFE CO., 4IT-4C3 Pacramento Bt.
"PORTABLE enpines, b<j!lere: Iron and wood
j lanfr«. Jathex: Id ban-!. J. Hurkf. 13'j T5<-a>.
S' \'21 r ~ lar.tPrn*. r.*"w an<1 2<i hand; movlnc
plrturej-. Bt'LLAHl) & ItRF'~K. 331 Po>t ft.
FINE *u!t 110: <Jres* pants, tl 75. MISFIT
<^:l>>THINCJ PARLORS. «37 Mcntromery «t.
Fl'LL line cameras and r>hcto BuppileB: sellinic
-- cheap. W. A. IlAIiTTCK. M3 r^amn>: bMg.
WILL rent full ArCM Tuxedo or Prinoe Albert
ralta fat 12 SO. Portland I><an Office, 25 . J tktn.
30-TON Felrl>anks *cale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California ft.
ZD-BAHV photograrhir and roadie lantern out-
fits bcupht. Fold. »j:char.tred. 109 Montgomery.
f JliS-'T-<~I*Af ; P nf-cjnd-hand modern engine* and
boilers bought and gold. KnOOll Mfg. Co.
EDISON r-or.rert phonograph : reduced price,
fT5: concert record.-.. II 50. Kaelgalupl. 833 Mkt.
fcAFKS-N'ew and r«*cr,n<? hard: all sizes. THE
WALTZ PAFF.. TT-?11 Marl"-t ft.. Fan Fran.
|| MlSCCIAAJgEOCS \VA.\TS.
WATcT^^iTTMMinTiTTrKLy^
Photo tent, 1 xr.ultij.lyJng holder for et.
photos; also part of entire outfit; must be In
rood order and chf-a:v Call or address J. J-
M.. room Vi. New \Vext»-rn Hotel.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine wanted; must be
cheap. Box K7L Call office
LAD1KS' ar.d pent*' raft-off clothing bought A
sold, fiilverman. S-M Fol»orn: teL Folsom 1151.
KLEIN still pays »»>£t price for clothir.R, brlc-
a-brac a,nd booki^. :03 Sixth «. : tel. Jeesie 141.
IF you wi5h full value for your cast-off clothing
call on H fVjHF.X. l. r ? Third: tel. Black «123.
mom:* to loan.
A A — BEST ra.t«*« and easiest tjerma.
6«v-ond mort»?a*rea
Interests In *»Ftate«
Undivided Interests In real estate
Financial probleme of all sorts and sizes
•-HfcU by Iii^ItlLAN MUIU'IiT. C30 Market.
MONEY TO LO.W.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d niort-
kfcSttl, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mcrtsasis and legacies bought: no de-
•ay; K et my tprm« before doinff business else-
_^L"iIr_. K - McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY propcsilion, any amount; 6 p>jr cent; first.
; *.eccr.rl mcrtj:aKes. estate* in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chaitei
mortgages, iife insurance. Room 16. nrn floor.
' - q "°° lcl *;* > M*- HALLORAN & OLSEN
I HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamond?. Jewelrv at low-
I ost rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stor»\ S4S Market
; r rt. ; . tel. Main 1614. Rranch i» Third st.
; ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
Ff-rvic.-: money direct; lowest imprest. Room*
CS ar.d 69. Ponohoe liuildinfr. 1170 Market St.
: MOST re'.:ab> p!ace to borrow on diamond*.
¦ watches. Jewelry. W. J, HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
; AT :26 Kearny St., room 9, respectable private
l'!ace to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rat-i: take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
1 $:«.C00 AT 6 per cent in Rums to suit In city:
also $150,000 on larce ranches; also on second '
jnorxgagrs. R. J. MERCER & SON. «! Pine. ;
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
_POXF.T.LI. JOT Jones st.. corner Kd.iy.
j WHY pay rrnt? We loan money to buiin with;
small monthly payments. Home Building
I Company, „; Sansome ft., room 2.
] MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
KILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
; ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confl-
; dential: on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
i MONET io lean. THE MCCARTHY COMPANY,
I C4G Market st.
1 TO salaried people ~ithout security; all nusl-
ness confidential. Tour'.ey Co.. 221 Parrott bis.
¦ ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per nmntlv: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy »t.
f CASH loaned to salaried people on note witnout
indorser. MORRELL. CC9 Examiner building.
'; ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mifsicn; private. LICK. 116 McAllister Kt.
TO salaried people without collateral or !n-
<5nvc«<r. S F. Discount Agency. 143 I'liflan bis
MUSICAL IVSTKUMEXTS.
I HYUON MAUZY BARGAIN LIST.
308 Post st.
Stodart. square $25
French uprieht Co
Hallett & Davis 100
Steinwar. fairly good 17:
Majestic, nearly new 2X>
Chlckertne, large size 250
Richmond, large size i".O
Pecker, cabinet prand 275
Hyron Mauzy. nearly new 315
Sohmer, slightly used 475
Call and *?e the latest barpalns in rianos
on tho Pacific Coast. No trouble to show
goods.
i A HALLETT & DAVIS, rosewood case f50 00
Kd wards & Son. rosewood case 75 00
1 Arion, rofewoci case 95 01
Hallet & Davis !.!.."!!!!!!!!!."l3."i Ki
U'eber, finest condition 17.1 no
Manner & Sons 173 00
K'.r.gsbury, oak 190 00
Standard, used a few months 2S3 01
Easy payments, rheet i.-iusic and everything
in the music line. Chiokering-. Vose. Sterling
agenry. nEXJ. CUltTAZ & SON, 16-1S-2:
I O'Farrell fct.
ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated the
Pan Francisco Music Company. 22*> Sutter St..
w!th our O'Farrcll-st. business, and now
fhf.w more Roods In all lirtfs than any other
house on the coaft. Six doors of music and
musical poods: pianos in en<3!e?s variety and
prices ranjrlr.K from $75 to $?00. Imperial
BymphonloB Music Boxes. Guitars. Violins,
Mandolins. Strings. Trimmir.ps. Sheet Music.
"nstalfmer™s" US B*ENJ.' CURTAZ?*;*SON. i«y
IS and 20 OTarrrll ?t. : Ch'.ckertng: agency.
A RELIABLE piano can hp hnupht only from
! a reliable house. The ZKNO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. is .-»uch a. house. Their address is
763 Market Ft.
DON'T fail to see the beautiful Decker & Son
baby piar.-is Just received at MAUVAIS', 7C3
Market st. They are the best ever nhown In
the oit-.
j NO rnnttrr what you want In the line of mu-
I sical ponds, you can always do best at MAU-
VA1.S'. 7C3 Market Et.
j ALL purchasers of pianos at SHER5LAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
char.prlnR for a STEINWAT any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the l>e«t makers of every pra.Je to select from;
beautiful new uprights i«! ca.«h. 16 per month:
pnme Roml pianos fnr $3. $4 nnd Jj p^r ir.cnth.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth Fif.. Oakland.
! AT a discount, to establish our new location.
we will give 10 i>er cent off on pianos; some
! wc->nd-har.d t'arg-ains; 3 Heine uprichts, M27:
2 Ft(-!r.ways. 1185: 1 Chickerin*. $165; 1 Ma-
er.n & Hamlln. IS90. and 20 other bargains:
; afrentf for Hallett A; Davis and 5 other makps
HTTINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary St., near City
Of Far!"".
I ABSOLUTELY th* oldest and larcost hous*
west of Chlcaeo is KOIILKK & CHASE'S. 28
r* and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, onrans and
! all other musical instruments of all cra<l*?:i
and pr!c«s; terms easy; prices lowest: every;
t thlnit tosslble done u. please and Katlsfy the
i customer.
j A FIXE ;-pe<ial upright piano, latest Improved.
I 1170; a nice square, $40; a fine oak i;prisht
' pian", standard make, J2C0. DEWING' S.
Flood bulMlnjr.
POME special bargains this week In hlirh-Errade
Chase Bros., etc. ' DEWING,' Flood building!
I A NICK upright p'.ano, used a *hort time; must
be si-.M immediately: owner leaving city.
Room 21, Flood building.
VIOLIN string's; never wet: b*st in the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
: FLAIT,HTEP. sale of tiprlcht pianos for stor-
ape: i:.O up. "Wilson'* SmraRC 1710 Market sst.
5-PEDAL Btelnway; perfect order, $175.
KEEFFE'P. 933 Market st., het. 6th and 6th.
'• GENTLEMAN l^avinB city will sacrifice f»l»-
! part ur-ri-Tht p-and j.iano. 324 Oolden Gate av.
i BE In the sw'.m; rent a new piano for $3 per
month SCOTT-Cl'HTAZ CO.. '.61 Hayes et.
i
j THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post Kt..
JTflrdmnn. Conovr-r and other pianos.
i BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: installment JS
per month. BCHMITZ. 10 McAllister Bt.
i W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. apent for
Francis Hacon and Hallett fit Davis p'^nos.
SUPKRIOR violins, zlthr-rs, old nnd new. H.
MTJLLER. mPker. repairer. 2 Latham placi*.
! REDUCTION Falo; n*-w pianos; $"> payments;
OFFICES AND STORES TO LIST.
EMIIA PPRECKELS bu!Mlngr, 927 Market-
Offices. I'.Kht and sunny. 115 to J20 per month:
liirht. heat. Janitor and use of tel. included.
SMALL Ftore; 2 rwms; g-nod for tailor, shoe-
maker, barber; cheap. c21 California st.
TO rent— Modern Rtore: well lighted; 25x140;
rent reasonable. CIS Hayes st.
PALMISTRY.
MM". NTEROAAIID has removed to 700 Post;
h^urs 1 to 5 eve., and Sun-lay by appointment.
PERSONAL ...
REFINED willow, 30. ¦wishes the acquaintance
1 of a Kentleman of meaas: object matrimony;
i references exchanged. Address box 3363, Cail.
GENTLEMAN with means, aged «, wishes to
mtrct refined widow with means; object mat-
rimony. Address box 3360, Call office.
AMERICAN gentleman of means, ape 40,
wunts lady correspondents; object matri-
I mor.y. Addres* box 33G2, Call offlce.
ATTRACTIVE young business gentleman de-
pires to meet young lady or widow of means;
object matrimony. Box 2375, Call offlce.
PHYSICIAN in practice desires to marry a
dultable. accomplished lady of means; age 25
I to 35. Box 2372. Call office.
] CITY editor wanted for Rood interior dally;
must be a good man to hold the place. Ad-
| iirt^a box 2357. Call offlce.
ALL *ca!p and bair diseases cured; hair
stopped falling: and hair sxown; Luxuriol Is
a tissue builder and perfects the form, which
is the hlchest type of beauty in woman. E.
II. DUNLAP, 6 Eddy st.. fourth floor.
A BOY or fclrl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth at., Alameda.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser; up-to-
date latest fads In hair Btylee 25c only.
PRIVATE detective work ; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
LISDERETt'S Qulntonica Hair Tonic 23c box;
Foamo Shampoo 6c package^
5r LASS WELL, mental science healer and
tf'acher; meetings every day except Sunday,
from 12 to 1 o'clock; free to all; classes
formed monthly. 14 McAllister St.. room 17.
LEDERER sell" El Perfecto Veda Roughs, £0c;
it beautifies the face: first quality hair rolls
at a bargain. 123 Stockton st. v
THE~HUDSON KIVEU CO..
. HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition; fine upholstery; phone
C3CS- factory. 218 and 210 Eleventh st.; flrst-
c»ass cleaning and dyeing. 128 O'Farrell, near
Powell. San Francisco.
DR D MACLEAN moved his offlce to Donohoe
buildln*. room* 87 and 88, phone Folsom 1651;
residence 1302 Pace, phone Fell 7S56.
PEUSONAXS.
JULIANISM.
Scientific Healing:.
• 615 Golden Gate ave.
SENT free— A 100-page book, explaining all
secrets that enable you to develop personal
magnetism and gain wealth by influencing
everybody; this great work lays bare the
mysteries of hypnotism ami magnetic healir.t,
and shows you how to banirh diseases and
bad habits; nothing like it; success guaran-
teed In a few days. Address American Col-
lege of Sciences. Dect. IS. 41G-420 Walnut St.,
Philadelphia, Pa.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 18S7; reliable and con-
fldential: lists. 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 70C Ellis Bt.
AMATKL'R photographers— Save 50 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio,
550 Market St.. ccr. Stockton: kodn'.cs. SVixSH, ;
only 2"c: no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free: lessons given. 50c each.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine-,- In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GKO. MATTHEWS. 7<* Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third yt., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 co per night; Si so to v> per week;
free 'Ijus and baeKUk'e to and from thi ferry
BUTTS to order on installments: $13 upward;
fl a week. LEON LEMOS, HIT Market stt,
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— "00 permanent cures in San Francisco,
who can be seen; no operation: no pain: par-
ticular* f=*rt. Ad. Physician, box 13ri<l. Call.
MRS. DE VOLLj hairdresser, roniovr-d from
4C6U to £?.~ KlJis «t. above Leaver.worth. ,
Sl'ITS to order on easy payments.' Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1C44 Mkt.. undnr St. Nicholas Hotel.
! HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott'R curllnjj fluid : 2"c a bottle: drussl^ts.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver/ brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 52J Dupont st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores pray
hair to its natural color: $1. at all druggists.
CAPT-OFF clothing, old *rnid and silver bought;
send rortal. COLF.MAN'S. 5Cf. Kearny st.
I'HVSICI.WS AND StTRGEOJfS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office nnd reMden<?<\
1021 H Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY KOIl SALE.
I CENTER & SPADER,
Real Estate Agents,
11 Montgomery st. (Lick House block).
j $5,600— Filbert st. t near Jor.es; modern fiats, 5
and C rooms; lot 54:4x127:6.
i $2, 7J0— Pierce St., near Eddy; two flats, A and
6 rooms; rent J23; lot 23x90. •
i $?2,i;00 — Pacific ave., near Van Ness; handsome
rts'ilence containing 12 rooms, baths,
laundry; servants' rooms, etc.; large lot,
37:6x122.
$3,500— Pacific, near Mason; two-f=tory house,
S rooms and bath: any reasonable offer
will be accepted; lot 22:6x68:9.
] $1,000 up— Choice building lots on Baker and
Lombard sts.; 25x81:3 and 2ixl5j; streets
paved and accepted.
I $3,650 — «'heap lot on Folsom St., near Eighth;
2S.11C0.
: $1,900— Snap; two flats on Harriet sL, near
Bryant; 2Cx?0; part of lot vacant.
| $o,500— Sixth t^t. : two !lat» and store; rents $52
per month: 25x90.
$13,500 — I!rann;n st.. near Third; six flats: two
frontages; rents $160 per month; large
lot 4G.\137.
$3,500— Rents $40; four flats on Harrison Bt..
near Eighteenth; two frontages; cheap.
¦¦ $600— Make offer: choice lot on Holly Park
ave., near Mission St.; 23x125; two front-
apes.
$400 each— Three lots on Crescent ave., near
Slifslon St.; 25x100 each.
$S50 each— Only three lot« left on Florida,
r.ear Pixter-nth St.; L'f.xlOO each.
$2,750— Chriice corner lot on Harrison and
Eighteenth sts.; 50x124. to Alabama ft.
$2,000— Capp st., near Twenty-second; two cot-
tasfs of 4 rooms each; rents $16; cail
for particulars.
i LYON fcliOAG. ""
114 Montgomery street.
' $8,750— In first block from Park .Panhandle,
near Fell St.; s>rl<?ndid modern residence,
9 rooms, bath, etc.: rentfd for $50.
J5,000— "Western Addition corner fl-its; rents
$,'40 per annum; good building; corner
lot, nut far from corner of California
and Fillmore streets. j
$12.500— O'Farrell street, not far from town: rent
$102 f>o; 3 fine flats, new: 7 and 8 rooms
each; large lot; 2 frontages.
j $13,500— Kent $1,370 per annum; near Fillmore
and Bush streets: flats: extra large lot,
0<ixl25; double frontage; good invest-
ment.
! J3.750— Mark*t-Mr<^t lot near 14th; north Bide
of strr-et; 25xlS0; better buy this; will
certainly advance In value; street ac-
; cepted: must be sold to close an estate;
offer wanted.
i $7,500 — Business corner; pent $S24 per annum;
always rented; store and flats; both
streets accepted; In good business por-
tion of Mission.
LTON *; HOAG. -
j 114 Montgomery street.
BARGAINS 7n LOTS.
i $6,000— Cheap corner; close to the Park; NE.
Lyon and Grove: 50x100.
$550 each— I>e Iy-onff ave., near "Waller; t lots
and street accepted.
I $1,900— Shrader st.. close to park; 25x135.
' $3,000— Mortgage $1,700 can rtmain; 75x$0; Tre-
mont ave., near Frederick st.
$10,000— Marine view corner; Scott and Green;
55x110.
J2.000 — BaJier, near McAllister; 25x100.
$4, 000 — Pacific ave., near Broderick; 35x127.
$05C>— Preclta ave., near Bryant; 90x150.
$6, 500 — Devisadero, near Jackson; EO.xllO.
j $2.200 — Cheap corner; Golden Gate ave. and
Halter St.; 37:CxS7.
$300 — J2j cash, balance ?5 monthly; building
lots on 2Cth and Mississippi ets., close
to Union Iron Works.
! $2,000 — Shrader St., near Waller; 25x135.
i ?2,500 — Kritire block CO lotH>; near park.
i $3,000 — Must be sold; Broadway and Jones stf). ;
47:6x60; mortgage $2,(XiO; fine foundation
ln'd.
$750 each— Seventh ave., near J Bt. ; 2 lots,
each 25x120; close to park.
$l.r.00 — Lot EOxUS: Stanyan St.. near 17th; street
graded and sewered. i
$3,750— Business lot; Fourth St.; nne location !
for store and flats. i
$2,500— P.rannan ft., r.ear 4th: 25x85; ground j
rent $15 net: panic tenant for years. !
$1,250— Hyde Ft.: 2."xllL':G; J100 cash, balance!
$ir, monthly.
! $5,000— Fine corner: Pace nnd Lapuna sts.; 35:6
xS7:6; clupe to Market.
$1,550 — Waller st., near Shrader: 2,"xl0o
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery street.
WHY WAIT? '
Don't you know that time has a way of fly-
Ing? Before you know.it you will have pail
enouprh rent to buy three homes. Start In now.
Let us sell you a. new 4, 5 or 6 room cottage
In one of the best parts of the city, close to
the cars. Every lot level and street work done.
You can pay us monthly with your rent money.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post St.
FOTJR level lots, 2r.x120 each^ for $,T(M\ near
Mission st.; $.") monthly buys all four.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
ONLY $5 a month buys a fine 4-room and bath
cottage and 2 lots near Frultvale: it is a bar-
train. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post St.
ONLY two lr:ft— $150 each. $5 monthly; level
building lots, near Orescent ave. nnd Mis-
el'-n st. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
1100 A LOT! Jl'X) A LOT!
.$5 MONTHLY! $5 MONTHLY'
2.-.xlOO each; as level as a floor and only 2i6
feet from San Mateo electric can. The cheap-
est lots in town.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post St.
$3 MONTHLY $5 MONTHLY!
$150 and upward; fln» bullrtlnj? lots; 1 block
from Twenty-second-st. oars; lots 25xlH each
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post St.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
Real Estate and Investment Agents.
Pull Charge Taken of Property
$100.000— ElliF-st. corner: 53x137:6; downtown-
pplendid building; x>ays better than
bonds.
$32,000— Two corners; 166x120 feet; close to Van
Ness ave. and McAllister st.
$40,000— Corner; modern buildings; payo 8 per
cent net; lot S0xl37:fi.
$20.000— Corner; 60 feet front; vicinity Jones
and Geary sts. ; choicest corner In this
district.
$22,000—75 feet front on Sixth st. ; 4 stores and
S flats: rents $2400 per year.
$15. ECO — Rents J14.">: new Improvements; EI1!b st.
$10,000 — Kddy-st. fiats; rents $:-5; 2 frontages.
$S, 000— Rents $70; new flats near Van Ness ave
$4,600—4 nice flats; rents $46; lot SOxllS feet.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED BARGAINS.
$35,000 — 27:5x137:6 feet; water front; 3 front-
apes; fitocktr.n st. and North Point;
this Is an ideal manufacturing sit*.
$30,000— 137 :G.\128 feet; northwest corner Cough
and Clay sts.: magnificent residence
pite: fine marine view. •
$10,000 — Southeast corner Market and Church
sts. ; 61x108 feet; 2 car lines; want oiler;
must sell.
£.<;.';£ A. M. SPECK & CO., C67 Market st
JOHN FFORR, 403 Fine St.
Opposite Nevada Bank
$20,000— A first-class property for which $35,-
000 was offered 8 years ago and declined; Mis-
sion st.. a few doors east of Sixth; 45x80 feet,
Improved; a pickup.
18000— Rents $780 per annum: 4 fine flats on a
coming business street: lot 50x80 feet.
Nine lota of 25 feet front each, on Thirteenth
Bt and Clinton Park, close to Valencia st. ;
will be sold at a bargain.
jjO ooo — Rents $120 per month; a splendid cor-
ner property; always rented; large lot.
$3000— Rent $32; a 'double fiat In the front
house and a cottage in tho rear; south Market.
$3300 — A splendid pick-up: rent $360 per an-
num; store and flats; a pick-up.
fSnoo— Rent $780 per annum; on Fillmore st.;
4 fine flats; jot 50x80.
RARE chance — House and lot 25x75 '#Vi ear the
r.cw Postofflce. Apply at 270 Clem^ina St.;
no agents^ ~^ ¦:
BUSH. 1225— Nice, large residence; could be
turned into Cats; very, sunny; 30x137:6; call.
HEAL ESTATE — CIXY FOK SALE.
G. II. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$12,000— Grand unobstructed marine views; el<-
gant new residences on Green st., near
Scott., in course of construction; 10
rooms and bath, etc. ; iarge lots, run-
' ning back to alley; must be seen to be
appreciated.
$6,500 — Fine 2-Etory and basement and attic
residence of 9 rooms and bath, etc. ;
27:6x127:5.
$1,900— Very cheap home; 2-Etory bay-window
residence of 6 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc. ; warm belt of the Mis-
sion.
$5.000— Rents $1008 per annum; make an offer:
must be sold; corner near Fillmore and
Haight sts.; store and flat property;
mortgage of $GCOO can remain; 41xSl.
$C5.000 — Rents $2C0O per annum; 3-story and base-
ment brick and iron building-; lot 40xS0;
to close an estate; business property in
* the neighborhood of Market and San-
Bome sts.
$10,500— Rents $1152 per annum above water;
Main st.. ineide of Larkin: 2 houses of
S rooms and bath each; steam heater,
etc.: 40:6x137:0 to an alley; will sell one
hou?e separately. !
$4,500— Rent? $G: j 6 per annum; S flats and lot 25x
75: Shipley St., near Fifth. '
$S. 000— Rents S3S2 per annum ; Jones St. : 2 flats |
of 7 anil S rooms ami bath each; brick j
foundation, etc. !
$2,900— Rents $3S< per annum: near Seventh and
Bryant sts. ; 4 .flats and lot. *
|2,500 Very cozy cottage of 6 rooms and bath:
near Thirteenth and Sanchea fits. ; easy
terms.
$l,60f>-Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; Mission
warm belt: 2i)xll4; handy to Mission and
Guerrero st. car lines; easy terms.
$l,R00 — Refits f!44 per annum; near Pacific and
Mason : 2 flats and lot.
$1.250— Very Cheap Mission home; cottage and
lot 30x114; handy to several car Hnes.
$j 200— Rents $3<5 per annum; cozy cottage of
4 rooms and lot; very cheap and will bo
sold on very easy terms; Mission warm
belt; convenient to several lines of cars.
$1,050— Cozy cottase of 4 rooms; handy to MIs-
sion-st. cars; will be sold on very easy
terms.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 23c.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale in every part of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery at. ;
BURNHAM & MARSH CO. j
CHOICE INVESTMENT! j
t9-, ooo Pays 6 per cent Net. I
"corner building, basement, store and 2 floors !
above; only 1 block from corner of Powell and
O'Farrell sts.
MISSION AND THIRD STREETS.
$12 oco Rent $100 a Month.
Three-story building and large lot. leased to j
1 tenant, who pays water and makes repairs; )
cost J19.0CO.
NINTH STREET.
|12 000 Pays 1 per cent Interest.
Large lot and fine improvements, on Ninth. !
near Market St.: has great future: $20,000 offered
for this property only a few years ago.
— — ¦ I
BANK INTEREST 3H.
THESE PROPERTIES PAY 12 PER CENT.
54250 Rent $45 a Month.
Few feet from Fourth st. ; fine building In 1
flats.
$4000. Rent $40 a Month, i
Half Mock from corner of Mission and Sixth !
Ets.; full-sized lot; 2-story building; brick
foundation.
$"250. Rent $2S for Stable and Flat Above.
On Kisllnc St., near Twelfth.
ELEGANT FLATS'.!! ELEGANT FLATS!!!
$20,000. Rent $162 50 a Month.
Six beautiful modern and up-to-date flats, i
r.P!=t part W. A.; built 3 years and never va-
cant; best axraneed and finished flats In the
city.
BEAUTIFUL HOUSE!
Offered at a Great Sacrifice.
J5550 — Reduced to !il50: elfgant residence of fl.
rooms and hath; latest plumbing, front and
bark stairs, billiard room, etc.; double lot to 2
streets; room for stable or flats; close to Park;
this is opportunity (ie'.dom had; house cost the
money; lot wcrth more.
BURNHAM * MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery at.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
BIS CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
jrofvvv- Warehouse in vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend sts.: 89x240 feet; two frontages.
$13,000— Comer Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;
three-story building; rents $132.
$12.500 — Union st.. near Taylor; three modern
flats and rear house: 25:9x128:9; rents $97.
JSOGO— Ellis St., near Octavla; 23x120; house of
S rooms and bath.
$7250 — Van Ness ave.. near Pacific ave. ; 25x
100: house of 32 rooms.
$5500 — Grove st., near Central ave.: 25x137:6:
new three-story bay-window flats; rents $50.
$<V)00— Vallejo St., near Mason; 4S:l*ixl37:'i.
with an L; two flats and rear house: rents $64.
$6000— Folsom St., near Eighth: 25x90; two
fiats: rents $46.
5f.25O— California St.. near BaJcer; 25:2x82:6;
three flatH ;¦ rents $42 50.
$jOtiO— Green et., near Dupont; 26:6xS0; three
bay-window flats; rents $55.
$5000 — Rents $75 per month; corner two main
streets, in northern part of city.
J450O — Kearny St., near Union; 20x80 to rear
street; two houses; rents $3S 25.
$42.jO— Webster St., near Filbert; 25x100; 6-roora
cottage,
J3C00 — Greenwich St., near Mason; 46x60; two-
storv house of 8 rooms and bath.
$1700— Auguste place, near Green; 54x20; three
flats; rent $24.
UNIMPROVED.
JSQOO — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: 6Sx9S.
$7-00 — Valencia St.. near Twenty-sixth; 60x90.
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.; will
subdivide: 55x100.
$4000— Church st., near Twenty-sixth; 100x100.
$3500— Fulton, near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$"000 — Cor. "Waller and Belvedere sts. ; 25x108:9.
$3000 — Lavruna st.. near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each— Post St., near Devisadero; 2 lots.
$2000— Waller St., near Stanyan; 25x100.
$1750— Corner Castro and Alvarado ; 26:6x105.
jluflO — Sutter St., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
jir,0O — Union St., nrar Pierce; 25:2x100.
jlOuu — Angelica, near Nineteenth; 36x63.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX,
Real Estate and Financial Agent.
Attends personally to the purchase or sale
or general management of real estate, includ-
ing the collection and remittance of rents.
328 Montgomery st.
CHOICE CITY INVESTMENTS.
$10,000— A three-story and basement forty-foot
front business building:; yearly Income $1200;
always rented.
$S<X»>— Larkin st. flats; 22:6x84:6.
$7500— Mason st. flats; 34xfiO.
$5500— Howard st. ; lot 25x90; improvements.
ATTRACTIVE OUTSIDE BARGAINS.
$15.C00 — 1000-acre ranch, near Santa Rosa; im-
provements complete.
$6250— A most desirable home In Santa Rosa;
11- room house; complete in every detail; corner
lot 150x150; on best resident street; carriage-
house, stable, barns, poultry-houses, etc. ; will
exchange for San Francisco property.
$C.iC0 — 72-acre farm In choicest part of Sonoma
County; well Improved; an ideal suburban
home.
AVANTED — More lnccme-produclng property;
either business property or flats.
I HAVE MONEY TO INVEST.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX,
328 Montgomery st
F. B. SURRYHNE,
138 Montgomery st.
$5000— Must be sold; Sutter St., near Rcott; 8
rooms and bath; lot 34x100; a pick-up.
$3900— Near Leavenworth and Sacramento sts.;
three tenements; rents $33; corner lot.
20x70.
$1800— Near Eighteenth and Castro sts.; big bar-
gain; new modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; easy terms If desired.
$1100— Biggest bargain in the Mission; north-
west corner Twenty-second and Noe sts. ;
30x101.
$1250— One block from Mlsslon-st. carhouse; nice
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x70;
easy terms If wanted.
$3250 — Near Market and Guerrero sts.: two nice
flats of 6 and 6 rooms; rents ?32.
$4000— Near terminus of Halght-st. car line;
brand new residence of 9 rooms and bath;
modern throughout; easy terms If de-
sired: cheapest property offered In thi3
district.
AN elegant home for your rent money, on Hoff-
man ave., near Elizabeth st., containing 5
rooms and bath, porcelain tubs, fine mantel,
and all the latest Improvement*; only % block
frnm Twenty-second street electric cars. MR.
COTTER, resident agent.
Also 4 rooms .-Mid bath, on Hoffman ave.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
PARK lots for sale; west side of Ninth ave. ;
north side, near new Music Stand and
Museum; houses built If desired on easy
terms. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
SANTA FE SANTA FK
The new town at terminus Santa Fe Railroad.
All lots level Streets graded
No hillsides No hollows
$100 buys one of the best lots.
$10 CASH $5 MONTHLY
Houses built to suit and sold on easy terms.
• McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery St.,
, Sole Agents Santa Fe.
$1300— BEST and cheapest lot on Dolores st. ;
cost over $17."0, but must be sold at once lo
avoid foreclosure.
McEWEN- BROS., IIS Montgomery st.
THE greatest bargain in Richmond; nothing
to eaual it: two of the choicest and best lo-
cated lots; 25x120 each; fenced in; all street
work done and ready for building; taxes paid
up to next year; only $600 each; Eleventh
ave., near Clement st.; read the real estate
advertisements and. you will see these are
the cheapest lots in San Francisco. For par-
ticulars call on •¦-¦¦.¦
W. J. GUNN,
530 California St., between Montgomery and
Kearny.
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR. SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
New property listed and bargains in Invest-
ment properties. Nothing in this list but what
Is decidedly cheap and can bear full inspection.
$5,000— Near the corner of 4th and Minna sts.;
lot 2.'x70; 3-story building of 3 flats;
rents $4S0 per year; right in the heart
of town.
$3,750 — Rents $36 per month; corner on Dolores
Bt. ; well Improved with 2 new flats of
— 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; always
rented; lot 25xS3. .
$4,200— Rents $32 per month; Buchanan St..
neor Haight; 2-story house of grooms
and bath; street bltuminized;*bement
sidewalk; a decided bargain for a home
eeeker.
$3,500— Your own terms; like paying rent; new
cottage. Just completed; 321!> Laguna
St., corner lot near Lombard ; 5 rooms,
bath, reception hall, etc.; must be sold;
house open to-day.
$5.250 — Fourth st. : retail business property —
store and flat; rents J50 jier month; pays
8 per crnt net; must be sold to close es-
tate: this is a bargain.
$1,200— Rents $120 per year: large lot. 60x50;
cottage house; near Folsom and Sth
sts. ; executor's sale.
$19,000— Rents $1GO per month; always rented;
same tenants for years: large corner;
well Improved with stores and flats:
McAllister st., not far from Van Ness
ave.
$12,000— Rents $112 50 per month; new flats on
Leavenworth St., near California: lot
50x90; reduced price to be sold at once;
pays 8 per cent net on Investment.
$9,500 — Rents $960 per year; owner anxious to
sell; flats near Sacramento and Hyde
sts.; large lot, 33x137:6.
I $8,C0O— Rents $S5 per month; price reduced to
; make quick sale: 2 houses and rear cot-
; tage on McAllister st., close to Laguna.
$6,000— Rents fCo per month; Natoma St.. near
6th: coal yard and 4 flats; lot 25x75; pays
1 per cent per month.
$15,500— Only $2,500 cash: bank mortgage of
: $13,000 can remain: lot 30x100; with 3-
1 story building on Van Ness ave., near
I . Golden Gate.
Full particulars of any of the above
properties on application at office of
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 16 Montgomery st.
! NEW PROPERTY!
NEW PROPERTY!!
NEW PROPERTY!!
Superior building lots on very easy payments:
on line of the H-st. electric cars and fronting
I Golden Gate Park and the new 19th-ave. boule-
I vard: only a minute's walk from Strawberry
| Hill and Park attractions.
i Macadamized Streets on Official Grades.
| —Plank Sidewalks. Gas and Water Service!!'.—
I Moderate Prices— The Choicest Locality.
Rare Chance for Investment Seekers
and Home Builders.
Your Own Terms — Interest Only 6 Per Cent.
j Money advanced for building purposes; the
costliest and handsomest modern houses In
Sunset District are now being; occupied and
constructed on the new 19th-ave. boulevard.
Call at once at our branch offlce (open week
days, Sundays and holidays), corner of H st.
nnd Sth ave., south of Golden Gate Park, and
ask to be shown these beautiful lots. Full par-
ticulars and price lists also at our offlce.
BALDWIN' & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
626 Market st., npp. PRlace Hotel.
Established 1S38.
Ptevenpon St., near Third, close to center of
city: good building; only $5200; 20x70.
Post St., near Jones: great future; lot 26:3x
• 137:6; sold to close an estate.
! $17,000— Fulton St.. between Polk st. and Van
Ness ave.; lot 50x120 to Ash ave.
5C3OO — Capp St., near Twenty-third; rents $63;
fiats all rented; 37:6x122:6.
California st.. adjoining corner Polk; lot 50x
E7:6; must be sold to close estate.
$80C0— McAllister St., near Laguna; rents $57;
lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
$5000 — Baker Bt.. near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
I $2300— Bryant st., near Seventh; 3 cottages;
rents $20; lot 20xSO.
J $3600 — Elizabeth St., near Caatro; store and
I flats; rents $30; lot £5x114.
! $1250— Octavia st., rear Haight; an elegant
lot for modern flats: 37:6x100.
i Offer ¦wanted for an elegant modern cottage
I home, 5 rooms and bath; lot 24x100.
$3500— Greenwich st.. between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$2450 — Cottage and lot; 23d Bt., near Diamond;
4 rooms and bath; modern conveniences; 25:10k
114. .
$2100 — Clement st., near 32d ave. ; store and
flat; 9 rooms, used aa saloon and boarding-
house; 24x100.
$9000— Mlssion-st property: partly Improved;
large lot; 64xl$3:8; street work rJl done; the
future of the property la the very best; must
be sold.
$4500— A beautiful Western Addition corner;
In the best part of the city; cheap.
$3250 — Pleasant home In the Mission; near ISth
and Valencia, sts. ; 7 rooms and bath: must sell.
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
BOVEE TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL-ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected, and Full
Charge Takrn of Property.
624 MARKET STREET.
$1500— Building lot, best buy in the Mission;
location unsurpassed. •
$1500 — Three flats, near Powell st. ; income over
IVi ?er cent per month.
$1750— Charming modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; rents $13 per mo.; easy terms; easily
converted into flats; close to Presidio Heights.
$2000 — Exceptional Mission building lot; 50x
114 ft.
$2600 — Modern 8-room house; Richmond Dis-
trict, close in; perfectly new; good lot; pay-
ment same as rent.
$30C0— Very choice California-st. building lot.
S3C0O— Desirable Page-st. building lot; 25x137:6
feet.
$3200 to $4200— Charming Western Addition
I cottage?.
$3500— Store and flats, all newly painted; rents
$40 per month; south of Market st. ; good neigh-
borhood.
I $5750 — Splendid Mission corner; strictly mod-
ern building; store with living rooms and big
stable; upper flat. 6 rooms and bath: rents $53.
$fl«00— Highly artistic new flats, in best neigh-
borhood, near Panhandle: rents annually $590.
$9000 — Accessible, income-producing invest-
ment; 4 flats and rear house; capital condition;
rents $85 per month; good street, between Leav-
enworth and Hyde sts.
$11.500— Imposing Pacific Heights residence,
elegantly decorated; marine view; beautiful
garden.
$12,000— Splendid business corner in Western
Addition; flrst-class new Improvements; rents
$91.
J45.000 — Choice location In wholesale and mfg.
district; first-class brick building-; rent3 $3250
annually.
?46, 000— Near Powell and O'Farrell; 3-story
building; good rents.
Further particlars of
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT3.
We have secured choice Richmond and Sun-
Bet Lots.
DO YOU WANT BARGAINS? CALL QUICK.
Convenient Electric Car Lines to our Loth.
1300 to $800— Sunset Lots, opposite new Music
Stand; graded, only $10 monthly.
$400 to $700 — Splendid Richmond Lots, streets
graded and sewered; easy Install-
ments.
$75 to <250— Level Lots near Mission Electric
Car Line, only $5 monthly,
$500 to $1,000 — Splendid . Cottages near Cars.
Payments same as rent.
BOL. GETZ &' BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker Building.
C. C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; S0xll4 feet.
jlfiOO— North line Carl at., near Stanyan; 23x
137:6 feet.
$2(XX> CASH, worth $3000; a 4-room cottage and
a 2-flat house; large lot; water front; good
condition; rented til. Box 3738. Call offlce.
3 FINE Los Angeles residences; sale or trade;
singly. FOWLER & CO.. 1413 Call building.
TOR sale— A 4-roomed cottage, to be removed.
2415 Harrison St., bet 2flth and 21st.
$360 CASH; lot 25xS0; at head of Twenty-sec-
ond st. and Ocean road. Call at 101H Sth st.
EXTRA •well-built 5-room house in Richmond;
see this. Box 3.175, Call offlce.
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIIXJE & CO..
63S MARKET ST.
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
$300 Cash — Two beautiful modern Mission fiats
of 3 and 4 rooms and porcelain bath. etc. ;
the rent you receive pays for them.
$500 Cash — Sunny modern corner house in the
Mission; 8 rooms and porcelain bath; lot
27x114 feet.
$300 Cash, balance as rent— Elegant modern
house of 5 rooms and porcelain bath, tiie
mantel, dnme ceillnss: fine view; Mis-
sion-st. cars one block.
Interest on the above places. 6 per cent
on deferred payments. Photographs tii
be seen at our office.
SMALL INVESTMENTS,
requiring not more than i2000 cash.
$4200— Clayton st. ; two modern flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bnth.
i $3000— Two substantial, well-built flats of 5
rooms and l^th; lot 2jxI37.6; modern,
nice arr>"arir!t?: sunny side street.
$2000 cash, balance *> per cent— Two attractive,
well-built modern flats of 7 and 5 rooms
and porcelain bath, on Scott St., nr. Oak.
$373)— Shotwell ?t. ; two fine, well-built flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents i33 per
month; lot 25x122:6 feet.
$Sj0O — Duncan st., near Guerrero.
BARGAINS — UNIMPROVED — MAKK
OFFER.
J24DO— Page st., near Fh-a.ler.
I IZZfX)— Page St.. near Lyon.
I ?2".O0— Nineteenth st.. near Guerrero; 40x100 feeL
S24f)O— F>!sni Ft., near Fourteenth.
JiOuO — Ashbury Heights lots; surrounded by fine
improvements; make offer.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
63S Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
C3S MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
! AUCTION.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER IS, 1300.
! At 12 o'clock, noon,
j AT OUR SALESROOM. 633 MARKET ST.
HOWARD-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1116-1S Howard st.. near Seventh: store
with 5 rooms; 2 flats 7-S rooms and bath; 25xS0.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. LOT.
South side of Vallejo St.. 163 feet west of
Fillmore; £5x137:6; among large beautiful resi-
dences.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
No. 221 Shipley St., near Fifth; 9 tenements;
rents $58 cer month; £5x75 feet; easy terms.
i RICHMOND STORE AND FLAT.*
j No. 1313 Point Lobos ave., near Second ave. .
; modern store, fiat 5 rooms; rent $25; 25x120 feet.
SHOTWELL-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 1040-42 Shotwell St., near Twenty-fifth; 2
modern flats. 6-7 roums and bath; rents $31;
25x122.
• DUNCAN-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 133-37 Duncan St., near Guerrero: 2 flats
R-6 rooms and bath; rents J30; 25x114 feet; also
vacant lot adjoining; 25x114 feet.
FLORIDA-ST. FI^ATS.
Nos. 926-2B 1^ Florida st.. near Twenty-second;
2 modern flats, 5 rooms and bath; 25x100 feet.
CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 24 Clara st., near Fourth; front house. 7
rooms and bath, and rear house, 6 rooms; rents
$20; 25x75.
HARTFORD-ST. COTTAGE.
No. 6 Hartford st, near Eighteenth: cottags
4 rooms jmd stable; rents $12; lot 24:8 by 125 feet.
COLLIN-GWOOD-ST. COTTAGES.
No*. 131-3-5-7 Colllngwood st., near Nine-
teenth; 4 cottages, rooms and bath; rents $50;
74x125.
SUNSET DISTRICT COTTAGE.
J No. 521 K st.. near Xtr.th ave. ; house 7 rooms
i and bath and basement: lot 25x100 feet; also
lot and stable adjoining; 25x100 feet.
TERMS:
12000 CASH $2000
Balance en terms to suit ON ANY OF THE
ABOVE PROPERTIES.
: EASTON, ELDRID6E & CO..
I S3S Market st.
I J17.C0O— A FINE business property on best part
! of principal rrosstown business street;
pays good Interest; steady tenants.
I $12,000— Four n*w modern flats, near park;
rented for J112 5i> monthly.
; FLATS.
$11,000— Three beautiful .lats of 7 rooms each,
j near Fillmore and Hayes sts.; rents
$102 I!) monthly; wide let.
$3,250— Two n<?w flats of 7 and 8 rooms; near
Park ami Panhandie; rents $52 50 month-
ly: wide lot.
I $5,500— Three new flats, near Twenty-second
¦ and Valencia sts. ; rents $52 5<> monthly.
I $3,000— Two splendid flats ol a and 8 moms: In
, best part of Mission, near Twenty-first
, and Valencia sts.; always rented at I4j
monthly.
j J3,50O— Two fine flats of 3 and 4 rooms; near
Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts. ; rente
$33 monthly; this Is very cheap; $300
cash, balance monthly.
RESIDENCES.
$12,000 — Two residences on Washington St.; lot
i 50x137:6; rents $80 monthly: olterwanted
$7,000— P.esldence of 3 rooms: Ellis st., near
j Laguna: lot 25x120 to small street; this
: Is a splendid buy.
I $3,500 — Residence of 7 rooms; Webster st., near
California.
LOTS.
Pacific Heights: corner lot; beautiful marina
view and full view of entire city; lot 45
feet front: more frontage can be had if.
desired: an offer wanted; must be sold.
$60 per front foot; any size lot; Clay St., near
Maple.
$2.000— Lot 30x127 :S; Clay St.. near Cherry.
$2,000— Lot 40x100; near Washington and Cher-
ry sts.
$1,750 — Lot 27x127; Washington St., near First
ave. boulevard.
$630— Lot 23x100; California st., near Third
ave.
%11O Each; 2 lots, 27:6x114; north side Twen-
ty-fifth st.. near Castro.
$1,000— Lot 2. r .xl00; Hampshire st.. near Twenty-
second; street bltuminlzed.
Send for tlst Mission cottages, flats and lots.
• McAFEE BROTHERS. 103 Montgomery st.
i FOR SALE T5Y
I HAWKS & RKEI.TON.
323 Montgomery st.
$14,000 — Corner Turk and Buchanan sts. ; house.
12 rooms; well built home, or can be
made flats and pay big; large lot.
$2,600— SB. cor. Larkin and Filbert sts.; 41x62;
fine site for horn* or flats; very cheap.
$5.500 — S\V. cor. Grove and Devisadero sts.: 34x
110: on main drive to Park.
$1,350 each for lots; Chestnut St., near
Stockton; 22:11x137:0; street accepted;
make an offer; they are bargains.
$17,000 — Business property; Fillmore st., near
California; rents $1150 per annum; never
1 vacant.
HAWKS &'SKELTON. 323 Montgomery St.
J22.-O-PACIFIC HEIGHTS; lot 2T.xl37:6. THK
MCCARTHY CO.. 648 Market Bt.
J225O. ~~ ~~~ ~
¦Business corner lot on California St.: 32:6x100.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 63u Market: 2d mortgages; estates.
MODERN houses built;lowest prices;plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
$750 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage:
will build in any town around the bay: plans
furnished: low estimates given: dror> postal.
SALSBURY, builder. ¦ rear of 1509 Broadway,
San Francisco.
THE choicest builulr.g lots In Richmond: on
llth ave., near Clenifnt Rt.: only $8>X> each:
easy terms. W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
«13^00<>ZCORNER lot. 100x120; new building,
grocery and bar, stcck and fixtures: on end
of car line; clearing $300 mo. Box 3716. Call.
MISSION cottaee: 8 rooms and bath; large lot;
terms to suit' "buyer. Owner 413 Kearny st.
ltKAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
AT a sacrifice — One of the finest country homes
at Millbrac, adjoining the property of D. O.
Mills: new house, 32x68; hard finished, fres-
coed and decorated, wired and piped; 5 bed-
rooms, two baths, saloon. 2 parlors, bllllard-
room, library, dintns-room, kitchen, butler's
pantry, servants' room, etc.; basement con-
creted and divided into storeroom, mtlkrdom,
and mushroom bed; barn 2 stories, 30x30; 112
feet of sheds and box stalls: tank hou^e, tank
and mill, capacity 12.000 gallons; outside serv-
ants' house: chicken houses, dog houses, etc.;
grounds consist of 2H acres, beautifully laid
out; 10-ft. cypress hedge all around place;
family garden and family orchard In bear-
Ing: this Is one of the loveliest homes in or
near this city and will be sold very reason-
ably to a quick buyer; furniture, all new, can
be had for &0c on the dollar.
Also 5 acres at Menlo Park; small house and
barn; 15 large oak trees on place; fenced and
cross-fenced.
W. L. HARPER, 31* Examiner bldg. -
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS. ~~"
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyere of country lands to some bargains in in-
come-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush, havln<»
'had forty years' knowl^ige and experience of,
the value of lands and bt-in« the owner of an
income-producing orchard and vineyard, can In.
telltgently direct intending buyers to the best
lands and best bargains in the State. Call or
write for what you want.
DAVID BUSH it SON. 14 Post rt.
CITY property and farms exchanged or sold-
lists free. MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market
at., rooia 1.
SAN' MATEO.
Suburban homes at Burlinjtame. San Mateo
and Menlo Park; also farms an<l pasture: set
cur list of choice propercy for sale.
McAFEE BROri.. 108 Montgomery st.
WINERY
AND
VINKYARD.
FOR SALE— An Interest not exceedtnc one-
half.
In a lane and well-known Tlneyard In on?
of the best dry wine districts of the State,
containing .«e\-eral hundred acres of the best
varieties of vinss. The owner desires an asso-
ciate in carrying on and developing the busi-
ness A splfndid opportunity to secure an in-
terest In a well established concern. For full
particulars apply to or addrers
McAFEE BROTHERS, lit* Montgomery St.
140,000— Fine large ranch (north) for fruit, live-
stock and some redwood, for sale or trade,
all or part
$33,000— Lovely fruit ranch near San Jose; in-
come soon, IW.OOO; for sale or trada for
stock ranch; Sonoma County preferred....
FOWLER & CO.. 1413 Call Building.
3iO-ACTtE mountain home, near Mount Shasta
and Sisson*. 2Vi mile3: 250 level, with meadow;
bulldirjEs. arpfe orchard, fences, susar pines;
gTar.d scenery; must sell; $4(XW. aALSBUBT.
•»;* Ninth St., Oakland^
280 ACRES unimproved land. Tuolumne Co.:
also ltJO acres. Mariposa Co.: wood and water;
on county road: Government title: cheap;
cash. Particulars box 3363, Call office.
AUCTION SALE.
THE LOS MEDANOS RANCHO.
Property of the L. L. ROBINSON ESTATE.
Comprising about 8000 acres of rich farmlns
land. located near Antioch. In Contra Costa
County, will be sold as a whole
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 22, 1900. at 12
o'clock noon.
At the Robinson home place. Los Medano^
station, near Antioch. This fine ranch has a
frontajce of several mllea on tho San Joaquin
Paver and is traversed by both the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe railroads. The stations
of Cornwall and Los Medano.s are on the ranch.
At the same time and place will be sold the
town lots belonging to the same estate, located
In Antioch and Now York Landing, In quanti-
ties to «uit purchayers.
IntT.dlnsr purchasers from San Frandaco
should set ticket.* to Los Medanos.
For further particulars see catalogues.
BOVEE, TOY & SON'NTAG. Auctioneers.
?24 Market St.. San Francisco.
JS0O— RANCH. SO acres, for sale: ."-room hous*
en place; fenced in: plenty water; few fruit
and shade tree*: <3 acres ifoo<l to farm, the
rest poiil pasture; 2*4 miles from Byron
Springs: 3 miles from Byron: must be sold
r.n account of mortgage. "Write to P. O. box
24. Byron. Cal.
700 ACRES— 450 irraln (yield, 23 sks this season):
2T.0 river bottom land- 70 alfalfa; balance corn,
bean* and potato land: 3 houses. 4 barns and i
pranarle*: fenced; plenty wood and ¦water: fcj.
head dairy cows, 4 (rood horses, harass.
wagons, plows, mower, rake. etc.. all nearly
new; orchard; orange trees in full hearing;
must be sold: no reasonable offer will be r«-
fnawd. Fnr further particulars addreea P. <>.
box 163. Stockton. Cal.
UARIN Co., 2* miles from S. F.-$40 to ISO p»r
acre: choice lands In tracts of all sizes: im-
proved farms, chicken rmnches. hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; e<\sy terms; rail
und water transit: (rood schools. HOME AM)
FARM CO.. room 2, Sth floor. Mills bids:.. S. F.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of t? 1 *
SOW ranches on my SALE and EXCflANT.B
ll«t. More than all other agents In this city.
N*. P. STCFKT.S. the land agent, fl Geary st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCU.V.XiE.
FOR exchanee — A highly Improved ranch In
Lake County, consisting of 2!0 acres of rVh
valley land, all Improved and perfectly level;
all fenced and crossfeno^d: 2-story I— Ills 111 a
of 11 rooms, barn and numerous outbuildings;
family orchard in bearing; well, windmill anl
tank: cash valuation. $1000; will exchange Tor
resilience In Oak'and or Alameda of equal
value. C. F. MOORE. WS Market st.. r. G.
GOOD business property in country town. $W>">:
exc-hnfip»- for fiats in Pan Francisco and pay
difference. A partly improved ranch. $C"AO; ex-
chanire for a stock of morchandise. (rood
ranches to exchange for residence. St'HWEIV-
HAKD & CO.. 917 Market st.. bet. It* A fith.
GL~E>J ELLEN prape and fruit land: 160 acres
timber and water: equity iZ'W: sale or »x-
rhan«;e; what havp you for It? must sell, so
speak quick. HEXLY, 11 Montgomery st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nERKCLEY REAL ESTATE.
J40O— THESE are very cheap; lots {0x139, be-
tween Toleerraph anl College aves. ; Just ready
for building: In a thoroughly good neighbor-
hood and only 300 feet from electric rfawroad.
Apply to MASOX & MoLEXATIinN,
Adjointng P. O.. L?erkeley Station.
BERKELEY HEIGHTS.
!3500--The finest building site In Alameda
County; a block of land 4o0t270; view unsur-
passed: a bargain.
Apply to MASON & McLEXATHEN,
Adjoining P. O., Berkeley Station.
$4;nO— Only Z blocks of the university
: grounds; a thoroughly well-butlt house of
IS rooms. In thorough order; Just suitable for
boarding-house.
Apply to MASON" & McLENATHEX,
Adjoining P. O.. Berkeley Station.
BKRKELCT Heigh t sT SSO feet above sea 1-vel.
and only 2 blocks from Bfrryman station,
the terminus of the Telegraph-ave. electric
railroad; an uninterrupted view nf the bay.
! Oakland, San Francisco and the Oolden Gate;
1 streets se-wer»d, sTaded and macadamized.
] Apply to MASOX & McLENATHEN, adjoin-
ing P. O., Berkeley station. .
j $C2".O— NEW 5-room house, with all modern Im-
provements: corner lot fronting 1 .-legrarh
ave.: only 10 minutes of university grounds
-Apply to MASOX & McLENATHEX, adjoin-
ing P. O., Berkeley station.
! GROVP of new houses for sale. These house*
are all modern, from 5 to 7 rnons; s»wered;
baths; hot anJ cold water; street work done:
prices frnm J13C0 up; terms from $100 to $400
j down and balance In monthly payments:
houses all close t« local trains and will sell
rlsnt off. Take Berkeley train. sr<-t off at
Lorln and ask for RUDOLPH, PERKINS &
LYON.
i SMALL neat cottage of 4 rooms, pantry «r.<1
bath; 2 blocks from station: a desirable place
for any one wanting: a home: price $700; $100
; down, balance to suit. Take Berk»ley train,
get off at Lorin and inquire for RUDOLPH,
PERKINS & LYON.
! FOR SALE AT A GREAT SACRIFICE.
A pretty residence on a large corner lot 10<rx
123 feet, street improved on both sides; sltu-
1 ated In the Hlttecays Tract, one of the
choicest locations in Berkeley; house strictly
up to date. Call at once, aa property must
be sold. O. G. MAY & CO..
2123 Center St., Berkeley, Cal.
$;o<yv— PRETTY cottase; 5 rooms and bath;
terms easy.
J2600— Oood 7-room house and bath, facins
gouth; near cars; $2*C0.
$3300— 8-room house and bath: new and mod-
ern; terms easy.
$3C<XV-Modern house of. 8 rooms, eto.: !ars«
lot; close to university.
j NEW BERKELEY HOME3
Low prices— easy Installments:
jtS<yv_4 rooms: bath: hlch basement: brick
foundation: hot and cold water; lot SfixlOO;
nice location; close to station and fleet ria
cars.
$1750— Specially fine large cottagre; « rooms;
bath; bnsement; 2 bay windows : all the latest
ideas: specially worthy of inspection.
$20C0 — One left on Grove st.: beautiful mod-
ern bungalow cottage; 5 rooms; bath; latest
plumbing: tinted wall* and everything Ideal.
H. D. IRWIN. R. R. waiting-room, Lorln
Station. ¦
Sinn— LOT: East Berkeley.
$150— Lot: East Berkeley.
$1000— Hllleeag Tract; 50 feet front.
$1000— HUJecas Tract: corner.
$300— Telegraph ave. ; 50 feet front.
$110O — Telegraph ave. ; corner.
$1300 — Cottage; » rooms: new.
IICHiO — House; 7 rooms; r.»w.
All properties offered are bargains. H. B.
PINNEY. opposite local station. Berkeley.
NEW colonial house T rooms and basement:
lot 60x100; corner Prince and Harper »ts. .
Lorln. Berkeley ; 3 minutes to station; street
*ork done; electric cars pass house; porcelain
bath" 2 water closets; cement tuba: tiled sink;
easy 'terms nr will exchange for unimproved
or Improved San Francisco property (or Berke-
ley unimproved). Call at premises Sundays,
or 12C6 Market St., San Francisco, room l\
during weelc
BERKELEY BTTYERS. " ~
"We have for sale fine large lota near the uni.
\erslty for $3) per front foot; get one while they
last; also a good building lot. $300. BURR &
HOLMES, 460 Tenth st.. Oakland.
ALTA PXTNTA TRACT-Saa Pabto ave.. 2
miles north of Berkeley: $150 to JI3O per acre;
lots tea to $1M each: $3 a month: call for
maps. G. W. HAinHT. 401 California St.. S.F.
HOCSES TO LET.
$30— HANDSOME furnished corner cottage;
stable: near local: Berkeley. C. HBNDER-
PON. 304 Montgomery.
for Additional Classified Advertise
meats See Pagt 33.Shipping Intelligence.
A beauty specialist la recommending
her patients to eat a finely grated carrot
before breakfast each morning to Im
prove the complexion.
"Oh," she said In a dazed kind of a
1 """. 1 be a Bood d «-l 1-ter than
that."— Detroit Free Press.
Bless me. he exclaimed, starting up
suddenly, "it certainly must be time I
was going home."
He had been talking and talking and
talking and talking until the poor girl
was so tired and sleepy she didn't know
whether It was this week or last week
or- come next Sunday and the clock on
the mantel was holding up its hands
either in pity or in protest. Finally it
occurred to the young man that an even
ing call had Its limits, at least in a lati
tude where the nights were not six
months long.
EVEN LATER.
Although unrivaled in the art of crnss
cv\amlnaiion on one occasion he wa=» dis
tinctly beaten by a witness. "What Is
your age?" he asked. "Is it my age vou
are asking? replied the witness, "tci
sir. Now speak up. and be exact." "And
be exact! "Well, of all the " "Th.^
court does not desire to hear any com
ments of yours. Tell the court your n"o "
"Well." said the man. "I celebrated m'v
twelfth birthday last week." "t>on*t trifle
with the court, and remember you are
on oath." "It's quite true. I was born
on February 29. in leap year, and my
birthday only comes once in four years."—
London News.
A Chief Justice Jests.
One day (a legal correspondent writes)
before the late Lord Chief Justice took
sick, he was sitting in court, when an
other barrister, leaning acros3 the benches
during the h. oaring of a trial for bigamy,
whispered. "Russell, what's the extreme
penalty for bigamy':" "Two mothers-in
law," instantly replied Russell.
On one occasion Lord liussell went to
help the Liberals in a certain campaign.
He besran his speech of set purpose wt:h.
some very badly pronounced Scotch. Af
ter the confusion caused by his apparent
blunder had subsided Sir Charles Ilussell
(as he was then) said. "Gentlemen. I do
not speak Scotch, but I vote Scotch." Tre
mendous applause followed, whereupon
Sir Charles proceeded, "and I sometimes
drlnl: Scotch." V.ith thia rns hold on thu
audience was secured.
Saturday, September 15.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr'NewblrB. Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Trinidad.
Stmr Iaqua. Bash, Newport.
Stmr Newsboy, HlgBins/
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Westoort, Ericsson. .¦
Stmr . Rival, Johnson. Svillapa Harbor.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Saturday, September 15.
Br etmr Doric, Smith. Hongkong, etc; O &
OSS Co.
Stmr Cooa Bay, Nbpander, San Pedro; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Warfield. Pattle, Chemalnus; R
Dunemuir Sons Co. •
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Brig W G Irwln, Genereaux, Honolulu; "Wil
liams, Dimond & Co.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 15.
Btmr National City, Dettmers, 30 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Mlneola, David. SO hours from Nanalmo.
Tug Truant, Butler, 3 days 6 hours from Co-
QUille River.
Ship Berlin, Bennett, 14 days from Tacoma.
Br ship Acamas, Nelson, 133 days from Ham
bury.
Bark Agate, Berg— lan, 20 days from Bristol
Bay.
Bark Electra, Peterson. 16 days from Alitak.
Bark Undaunted, Davidson, 21 days from
Nushajjak.
Bark Ferris S Ihomnson, Murk, 16 days from
Chiffnlk Bay.
Br bark Inveramsay, Cromble, 140 days from
Swansea.
Bktn Ruth, Olscn, 26 days from Cape Nome.
Schr Reliance, Larsen, 24 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Nyman. 9H days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 40 hours from
Bililers Point.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel. 48 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Nettle Sundbors, Anderson. 33 hours
from Fish Rock.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, 40 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Hclene, Christiansen, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Greenwood, Fagrerlund, 12 hours from
Point Arena. ¦
Schr .1 B Leeds. Nielsen, 13 days from Port
Blakeley.
Schr Una, Harklns, 8 days from Port Blak'e
ley.
1 Schr Premier, Gunderson, 21 days from
Nnshasak.
"Oh, yes, life has plenty of compensa
tions to offer the usly woman, a.s surely
I am qualified to know, having lived tha
life of one, lo'. these many years." —
Washington Star.
The pretty woman hasn't all the pood
tnlrig3 in life," remarked a plain woman
recently. "She misses one thing-, cer
tainly—the comfort cf ugliness. To bo
sure, she has to be old enough to have
philosophized a bit about life before she
llnds that out. And before that time «he
U certain to have lain awake nights cry
ins because the skin-deep gift of the gods
has been denied her. But by and by she
begins to see that her plain features. If
they haven't brought her joy. have spared
her pain. 'In the first place, she hasn"t
expected much of the world, and so she
has not been disappointed. Then she haa
had leisure from her mirror and her ad
mirers, and, most of all, from herself, to
think some thoughts -worth thinking and
to Uo a little something of solid worth.
The worst slave I ever knew was a re
markably pretty girl who was always in
terror lest she was not at her beauty's
best and whose whole life was a round of
severe self-exaction3 that she might keep
her beauty unimpaired. The poor child
actually found time for nothing else in life
than the office of being her own groom.
"Best of all, the plain woman Is reason
ably sure to escape the observation and
comment that are sure to follow a pretty
girl and which Is not half so pleasing to
her. if she be sensible and righ:-min<ietl,
as the mass of mankind suppose.
Compensation of Ugliness.
oxea.
Then one fowl Is goose, but two are called
Yet the plural of mouse should never be
meese;
You may find a lone mousa or a -whole
nest of mica.
But the plural of. house Is houses, not
hice;
If the plural of man is always called men.
Why shouldn't the plural of pan be called
pon?
The cow In the plural may be cows or
kine.
And the plural of vow la vows, not vine.
And if I speak of a foot and you show me
your feet.
And I give you a boot, would a pair be
called a beet?
If one is a tooth, and a whole set are
teeth.
Why shouldn't the plural of booth be
called beeth*"
If the singular's this, and the plural
these,
Should the plural of kiss be nicknamed
keese?
Then one may be that and three would
be those,
Yet hat in the plural would never ba hose
And the plural of cat is cats, not cose. A
We speak of a brother and also of breth-
ren.
But though we say mother, we never «ay
methren;
Then masculine pronouns are he, his and
him.
But imagine the feminine, she. shls and
shim;
So tho English. I think, you all will agree,
Is the most wonderful language you ever
did see.
—Penny Pictorial Magazine.
THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE.
We'll begin with <a. box, and the plural Is
boxes.
But the plural of ox should be oxen, not
Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Marquette, for London
stmr Etruria. for Liverpool; stmr Trave. for
Bremen: Etmr Amsterdam, for Rotterdam- stm
Patricia, for Hamburg ; stmr Werra, for Genoa
etc; ?tmr Anchnrla, for Glasgow
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr
Ororsf-r Kurfurft. from New York, for firemen.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Bolivia
from Marseilles, etc; etmr New York, from
Southampton.
CHERBCORG — Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Kaiser
Friederich. from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New York: stmr St Paul, from Southamp
ton, for New York.
ANTWERP— Palled Sept 15— Stmr Fries
land, for New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Columbia,
from New York, via Plymouth.
HAVRE— Arrived SeDt 13— Stmr La Touralne.
from New York.
Sailed Sept 15— Stmr La Gascoene. for New
York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 15— Stmrs Cam
pania and Geonric, from New York.
• Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Umbria. for New York
GENOA— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Ems. from
New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MELBOURNE — Arrived Sept 14 — Schr
Churchill, from Willapa Harbor. Sept 15— Bktn
Echo, from Columbia River.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 11— Br »tmr Brae
mer, for Portland.
BRISBANE— Sailed Sept 14— Br itmr Mlo
wera, for Vancouver.
Arrived Sept 14 — Br stmr Aorantr!. from Van
couver.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Sept 14— Ger stmr
Luxor, hence June 10. for Hamburg.
KOBE— Arrived Sept 12— Br stmr Kintuck,
from Seattle.
LIVERPOOL— Balled Sept 8— Br ship Matter
horn, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Sailed Sept 13— Br stmr Kestor, for
New Ycrk.
Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Advance, from New-
York.
PANAMA— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr San Bias,
hence Aug 8.
Sailed Aug 27— Stmr City of Panama, for
Champerico.
SYDNEY— Arrived Sept 14 — Br bark Helen
Denny, from Eureka.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Auz &-Br ship
Ardnamurchan, for Victoria.
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Sept 15— Schr
Robert Searles. for Fteemantle; Ger bark So
lide. for Leith.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 15— Br bark
Sussex, for Freemantle.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr
Alcatraz. from , and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Sept 15 — Schr Mary C.
for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 15— Br bark
Sussex, from Port Gamble.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept 15— Br bark
Etillwater, for Callao. —
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 13 — Schr Fortuna,
hence Sept 9: stmr South Coast, hence Sept 13.
Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
claco: *chr Lottie Carson, for Redondo.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept l.v-Stmr Se
quoia, hence Sept 14: stmr Noyo, hence Sept 14.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
Per Br bark Inveramsay — July 5. lat 22 24 K.
Ion 100 W — Br ship Fortevlot. from Antwerp,
for Vancouver.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 13. 10 p m— Weather
hazy: wind west, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Arcata.
hence Sept 12.
PORT ORFORD— Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Em
pire, for San Francisco.
NCSHAGAK— T© sail Aug 25— Ship Servla.
bark St Nicholas and ship Eclipse.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Cleveland,
from Cape Nome; stmr Dolphin, from Skaguay;
stmr Czarina, hence Sept 10.
Sailed Sept 14— Stmr City of Seattle, for
* s'an'^EDRO— Arrived Pert 14— Stmr W H
Kruger./hence Sept 13; Btmr Despatch, from
Eureka/
Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
ST MICHAEL— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr St Paul.
hence/Aus 21.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 7— Bark Ceylon.
from'Layasan Island.
WESTPORT— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Cleone.
hence Se^t 14.
TJSAL— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Navarro. for San
Francisco.
SPOKEN.
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher. Xanalmo.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka.
Br stmr 'Doric, Smith, Hongkong, etc.
Brig W G Irwin, Genereaux. Honolulu.
Schr James A Garfleld. Lewis. Willapa Har
bor. ,
Schr Roy Somers. Holland, Grays Harbor.
Schr Maggie C Russ, Kallenberg. Grays Har
bor.
Schr Gem. Nelson. .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
D Leane. Cinn H Farland. Martinez
F Gay, Merced C Shockly. Seattle
J W Dackey, Fresno C Prost. Seattle
R Eltryne. Mohave W Spengman, Wls
R K Jensen. Chicago W F Coffey, St Louis
H Hart. St Louis W W Taylor, Angels
J Mulroy, Ingleside J G O'Brien. Sacto
G Condon & w, Cal J Dennis, Stockton
J Dent. Courtland J Murthy. Bo3ton
R H Boyd, L Ang IP McCann. Cheyenne
W P Alien. Palo Alto!
PALACE HOTEL
W A Brewer, S Mateo R M Marshall. S C
l)T Rulison. Reno i R R Klttridse. N Y
O G Mahoney. U S NjE L Kins, S Jose
J E McDonald, U S N'Mrs Hanks. Mexico
A W Kelly, N Y I Mrs B L Smith. Xev
Count L Stirum, Berlin; V A Hihn. S Cruz
J H Manning, Wash M F Nelll. S Cruz
E Oarratt. Wash E Harpreavej. S Cruz
J WaKKaman, Wash S R Kenyon. USX
Mrs WaKgaman. Wash R J Johnson. U S N
II Swcatinan. Lelpslg E J Sklllman. X Y
B Hohle. London H Bowlds. St Louis
R P Schott. NY T G Thompson. Wash
W Ramsdell, Spokane Mrs Thompson. Wash
P P.urns, Calgary A G Er.eas. Boston
A Knob, Ohio C L Haskell. Boston
II R Metz. Ohio \V V Pratt. U S N'
Dr Rultson. Ohio J E Craven. U S N
II M Wheeler. L Ang A Beryevln, Chicago
Mrs E B Wheeler. LARA Trimble. N Y
D B Reynolds, NY F W Kehl. Minn
S Helneman. Arizona E P Bryan. L Ang
Mrs Ilcineman. Ariz J G Easton, L Ang
S Vlnctor. Colo J J Driscoll. Chicago
W Jennings, Mexico Mrs Driscoll. Chicago
H J Small, Sacto W Wannamaker. Wash
N Bentz. S Barbara A Tecl. Wash
Mrs Bentx. S Barbara Mrs Teel. Wash
H L Roberts, Stanford A V Watts, Ohio
E II Holland. NY F Weiss. Ky
Miss Marshall. S C
GRAND HOTEL.
B C Sanford. Worcestr A G Campbell & w.
P -Williams, S Rafael Sacramento
D Robinson. Truckee J H McCormack. Reno
J Haydn. San Rafael Mrs A D Bowen. Omh
D E McK inlay. Cal Mrs E C Glafke. L Ang
T P Boyd. San Rafael L Schlff, Los Angeles
E WhlpDle. Decoto L J Nordllnger, L Ang
I R Alken. Decoto F Seiirel. Los Angelea
W M Smith, Cal A M Bremer. L Ang
G W Baster, Haywrds Oara L Bachelder. San
A G Reed. Forest Hill Jcse
F J Tetreau. Chico Mrs O N Dogge. S Jose
S Soule. w & s. Seattle K Roussere. Dakersfld
Mrs AV W Worthing, H Stlllman, Sacto
Stockton J L Mathews & w.N Y
Miss L M Parsons. Stk L G Lautzen. Denver
C L Outhell & s. Seat *C M Wright, L Angeles
H C Benson. Klamath V Batley & w, D C '
J A Crandell. Omaha J M Hartley, Fresno
L Dearth, L Angeles H F Smithe, S Lorenzo
G K Collins. L Ang C Nixon. USA
W C Price, Pasadena C W Hack. USA
Mrs Price. Pasadena M Glade, USA
R A Stuart. Seattle G W Brown. Denver
D A Pierce. L Angeles Dr A L Gibblts. Petlm
J G McMulIen, S Jose M E Kennedy. Livrmr
Miss S Underwood.Ariz M O Lemon & w, Nev
W A McCord. Iowa J J Stephens & w. Cal
J D Bradley. Merced II M Reed. Reddlne
H W Joss. Stanford Mrs L J Joss. Stanford
Morning — Anniversary sermon by the pastor.
Evenins— "Handshaking."
Miming— Sermon by Uev. Father Mcdeough.
Evening— Veffers and sermon by Kcv. T.
Caraher.
MornirK— Rev. Father Mandry will preach at
the 1J:3'> rr.as^. Evenirs — Rev. Father
Allen will preach after vespers.
Morning— Rov. Father Hannlsan will preach
at 11 n*clr«ck mass. Evening— Rev. Father
IK-mpsey will preach.
Morning— I'rench'n* by one of the Fath»r*
| at 11 o'clock i:..i.-.-. Ever»ing— Vespers and
1 sermon.
Morninp— "Economy." Evening — "Peter's
Calling."
Mornins— "Our Inheritance in the Philip
pines." Evening — "CastinR Out Demons."
llornirifr— "How to Be Poor." Evening—
"Relics of Faith."
Morninp— "Steadfastness." Evening— Rev.
John Bennett .Anderson, the s'.nfting evan
gelist, will preach.
Morr.inc Preaching by the paster. Afternoon
— i'rayer.
MorninK— Preaching by the pastor. Even
inc—Same.
Morning— "Ye Are the Light of the World."
Evenins— "Hearing ar.d Doing."
Morning— "Our Glorified Dead." Evenlr.gr—
-The Rich Fool."
Morning — Sermon. Evenir.j — Same.
Marnln^— Freachlnff. Evenins— Saras.
Morning;— Preaching. Evening— Same.
Morn!ner— Preaching. Evening— Same.
Morning— Preachlns. Evening— 3aae.
Morning— Preaching. Evening— Sam*.
M^rninar— Pre.ichir.jr. EvenirtR— Preaching by
the Rev. John fceneca Jones.
Morning— Sermon by the Rev. John R«neca
Jones. Evening— Dr. E. S. Chapman will
preach.
Mnrnlnsr— Preaching by Rev. Frank K.
Kaker of the lioston University. Even
ing—Sams.
Morning— Preaching. Evening— Same.
Morning— Preaching by the Rev. Dr. O. B.
Molntosh. Evening — Srune.
Ever.ins— Preachln? by Chaplain Allensworth
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry.
Morning— Preaching by the pajtor. Even
ing—flev. William Kirk Guthert* will
preach.
Morning— Preachlns: by the pastor. E\-en
ins—'-The Past, tha Present and the Fu
ture."
Morning— "Reality."
Morning — "An Invitation to Christ." Even
ing—Addresses by lady missionaries on
their way to Jaran.
Afternoon — Rev. E. S. Chapman. D.D.. will
address the metlne.
Morning— "The Blessedness of Being
Busy. Evening— "Whatsoever Things Are
Lovely."
Morning — Preachlns by the pastor.
Morning— "Mechanical Morals." Evening-
Henry Weinstcck will deliver a lecture
on "Are the Jews the Chosea People?"
Evening— Jibs Jessie C. Brodie will lecture
on "Death."
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
E. A. Woods.
St. Francis', Vallejo street and Montgomery
m avenue— Rev. T. Caraher.
• -
Et. Ignatius', Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street-Jesuit Fathers.
Et. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O Farrell street— Rev. Father rrcnUercast,
v . G.
St. Mary's. California and Dupont streets—
Paullst Fathers.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Kev. H. T. Shepard.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street— Rev. PhiUp
Coombe.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street.
Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets-
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett.
First Christian, Eleventh street, near How
ard—Rev. F. S. Ford.
First English Lutheran, 1363 Geary «t— Rev.
E. Nelander. v
California Street M. E. corner California
and Broderick streets — Jlev. A. C. Bine.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Richmond M. E., Fourth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street —
Rev. A. E. Ulrich.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E., South San Fran
cisco—Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Howard Street M. E., Howard street, be
tween Second and Third— Rev. John A. B.
Wilson.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washtng
ton — Rev. W. S. Urmy. «
Simpson Memorial M. E., corner Hays and
Buchanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Central M. E.. Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventhi — Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller.
Grace M. E., corner Capp and Twenty-first
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Trinity M. E., corner Market, Sixteenth and
Noe streets— Rev. Theo. H. Woodward.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets — Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Bethel A. M. E.. Powell and Jackson streets
—Rev. W. W. Grimes.
First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness and
Sacramento streets — Rev. R_ Mackenzie.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell streets— Rev. John Hemphill.
First Church of Christ. Scientist, 223 Sutter
street, between Kearny anil (Jrant ave.—
The Bible and Science and Health. With
Key to the Scriptures.
Emmanuel Evangelical, Twelfth street, near
Market— Rev. W. H. Althouse.
T. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets— H.
J. McCoy. Secretary.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
Railroad avenues— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary an 1
Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
Second Unitarian, corner Capp and Twen
tieth streets— Rev. E. M. S. Hodgln.
Theosophical Society— Odd Fellows' build
ing.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
38
ROOMS TO LET — Ftirn. and Unfnrn.
$7 A MONTH— Sitting and bedroom; finely fur-
nlshed; gunny. Box 8373, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*ubs<Tlptlcns has been established at lOi*
Valencia Et. _^
ROOMS ASD OOARU.
O'FARRKLL, 605 (Johnson House)— I>arse ele-
pant sunny rooms, with board, suitable for
three or four In family, including- private bath
and dressine room; must be seen to be ap-
preciated; reasonable; references.
BOARD and rocms at 415 First st., near Har-
rlson. .
PORT. 1230 — A eunny room In private Jewish
family; couple or two.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WAXTEU.
By cent, room with or without board; plv<»
vocal or piano lessons part payment. Box
'.9"3. Call office.
STABLES TO LET. _
BARN to let— 917 Dolores et., bet. Twenty-eee-
ond and Twenty-third. Apply 1011 Guerrero st.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
NOTICE to relatives or next of kin to officers
and enlisted men of thp navy and marine
corps who died or were killed In action ashore
or afloat and buried outs!de of the continental
limits of the United States since April 21.
1S?S. Next of kin that desire to have remains
sent to a burial place In the United Rtat n *
should address, before September 21. 1900, the
Bureau of Navigation, Navy Department,
Washington. B- C, for circular of Informa-
tion and Instructions. F. W. HACKETT,
Acting: Secretary.
LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal nils
are the best; oafe, reliable; take no other;
eend 4c ¦tamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return mall: at dniq-
glstr Chlchester Chemical Co., PhHadel., Fa.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up:
palntimr dona. Hartir lan Paint Co.. 313 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
cltv or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION* CO..
415 Montromery <**•• rooms 9-10; tel. 5*S0.
SEWIXO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlr.c lowest rates; fpen even. 205 4th st.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and rrnalrlngr g-uaran-
teed. Charles P'.nmbeck. 191T. Mission. ;if. I.Vh.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
wins. Tenth and Maiket; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Ptoiape. and Furniture Moving Cora-
pany. 232n Flllmore St.: phonn Jackfon ?31.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT TTPEWRITERP— W>
pell better machines for less money than any
hna«c In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. Z?6 California, telephone Main 268.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery Et.
NKW typewriters. SS down. S5 month payments.
REVALrK. 4^ California st.
~— ~~~»~" _———»——^— —»—»——»———^——— —»——»——
TO LEASE.
SUITABLE locn-tlon for carpet-cleaning- works;
near as possible to business center. Cali-
fornia Carpet Company, 4H3 Stevenson it.
TO let — Fine rooms suitable, for llirrtt manufac-
turing purposes. Apply at Bit Sansome Ft.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DrviDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. SS (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on end
after Thursday. September 20, 1900. Transfer
books will clcse on Thursday, September 13.
1900, at 8 o'clock p. m.
E. IT. SHELDON. Secretary
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS Invited — Bids for providing and
1n(=tallin«r a sewage pumping plant for the
FolEom prison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the Plate Board of
PriFon Directors nrA State Board of Exam-
iners will be received by said respective
hoards at the office of the P.card of Exam-
iners in the State Cadtol, Sacramento. Cal.,
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6. 1900, at
which time they will be publicly open<nl. The
right to reject any or all bids Is reserved.
Copies of specifications may be obtained from
the clerk of the board at Folsom prison.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check for J2CC0 drawn on some bank of
Coed ptanrtlng to the order cf R. M. Fitzger-
ald, president State Board of Prison Direc-
tors, which check Fhall be forfeited to the
State If the bid which accompanies such
c"*eck Is eceepted and the party making the
bid refuses to enter Into a contract and exe-
cu f e a good and Fufflclent bond, payable to
the .=tr.te of California, in an amount to be
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors,
for the faithful performance of the contract
awarded. liy order of the State Board of
Prison Directors.
BUAIXARl' F. SMITH. Clerk rf tho Board.
MAHKIAGE L.ICENS3S.
The following: marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Howard C. Burmlster. 24, Prescott. Ariz.,
and Blanch© V. Breeden, 22. Portland, Or.
--tVllliam T. Bennett. 26, 547 Howard street,
and Katie Welch, 26, 547 Howard street.
Charles F. Mize, 20, 845 Mission street, and
Etta M. Fisher, 22, Salem. Or.
Georre W. Kelly. 35. 2218 Union street, and
Mary Goean. 37. 1430 Jackson street.
Michel I>uffard. 87. Alameda. and Eliso
Motte, 23, Alameda.
Joseph Glndicatti, 34, Santa Cruz, and Jose
Gallnda. SI, Santa Cruz.
Georre W. Cassey. IS, city, aJid Sarah J.
Donovan, 24 city.
Sherman U. Stewart. 85, Le Grange, 111., and
Ella M. Stubbs. 30, Mulvane, Kans.
Charles J. Fellz. 22, Petaluma, and Emma J.
Anderson, 18, 1020 Howard street.
Valentine Leyva, SS. West Berkeley, and
L*-andra Qradias, 22. -West Berkeley.
Leander 8. Gates, 44. 1S21 Dolores street, and
Lucy B. Eckhardt. 34. 1721 Oak street.
Charles O. Dailey. 34. city, and Emma J.
Abrams. 32, Santa Clara.
Carl Munter. 30, Cotton wood, and Jennie
¦Woolenbersr. 27, Rosebert. Or.
John A. Zlmmermann. 22. Vlsalla, and Mag-
rle A. Benson, 24, Stockton.
Joseph E. Pedro, 35. Oakland, and Maria da
Glorl Farnandi, 3<. Oakland.
George H. Caesldy, 32, Sonoma, and Lucy W.
Volcht, 24, Sonoma.
John Tyler, 34, 1209 Folsom street, and Mag-
rle Kelleher, 28. 2432 Harrison street.
Edward J. P. Blackmur, 23, WW, Silver
street, iind Lulu IJ. Jones, 17, 159H Sliver street.
BIRTHS— MARRIABES— DEATHS, '
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must b« handed
In kt either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
AI-LDACH— In this city, September IS, 1900, to
the wife of L. Th. Alldach, a son.
BEAN— In this city, September 14, 1S00, to the
wife of Thomaa J. Bean, a son.
DONALDSON— In this city, September 12. 1900,
to the wife, of Robert Donaldson, a son.
HEALY— In this city, Se-ptember 12, 1000, to
tho wife of Thomas M. Healy, a daughter.
JOHNSON — In this city, September 10, 1900, to
the wife of Anton C. Johnson, a daughter.
KITTINGER— In this city. September 11, 1900,
to the wife of Harley W. Kittlnger, a daugh-
ter.
KURPINSKY— In this city, September 3. 1900
to the wife of Charles Kurplnsky, a daugh-
ter.
LEICHTER— Ir. this city, September 14, 1900 to
the wife of XV. Leichter, a son.
MORGAN — In this city, September 8, 1900 to
the wife of J. D. Morgan, a son.
NONNENMANN— In South San Francisco, to
thfi wife of Charles Nonnenmann, a son.
POHLEY— In thU city, September 18, 1900 to
the wife of J. C Pohley, a son.
PUCXETT- In this city, September J, 1900 to
the wife of G. R. Puckctt, a son.
BTONE— In this city, September 3. 1900. to the
wife of George XV. Stone, a daughter.
VOGEL— In this city. September 14. 1900, to the
wife of L. VoKel, a son.
WORMSER-In this city, September 14, 1900
to the wife of 3. I. Wormser. a son.
married!
HUDDLESTON— SMITH— In this city, Septem-
ber 9. 1900, by the Rev. Father Jones of St.
Dominic's Church, Matthew J. Huddleston
and Marcarette Smith.
LAURIDSEN— JENSF.N— In this city, Septem-
ber 14. 1900, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Louis
S. Lauridsen and Mary Jensen.
STEARNS— BAREILLEO— April 24. 1300 8 S
Stearns and Katie Barellleo. both of San
FranciECo.
DIED.
Adams. J. B. Kelly, James
AnderBon. William Kibbe, Rose
Bacon. Mary A. Kilpeck. Rose A.
Beebe. Harry H. Menne, Elizabeth M.
Cutler, Henry M. O'Brien. Clifford P
Donohue. John O'Grady. Joseph
Edwards. James Rickett. Edward D.
Feely. John M. Rumetsch. George W.
Glynn. Daniel S. fiaxsenmeler, Joseph
Hansen, Chrlstln Hchween. August A
Harris. Hardy C. Sherry, John
Hayes. Catherine Smyth, John A.
Johns. Bdwln L. Tralnor. Mary
Jones, Mrs. Elizabeth^ Walthour. John F.
ADAMS— In this city, September 18, 1900, J. B
ACBmn. member of Lincoln Poet No. l. a.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A LAMED A REAL liSTATE.
r '71 m> »t a Facriflce, ?'leg-ant modern cot-
taee of 6 large rooms and bath; fine manlel.
rrarble washstand. reception hall. ca« flr-
tur'-F. «>tc. : hifrii basement: corner lot. «Sxl:3;
rtrtset wot— and cement sidewalk: all com- :
jlrto. For particulars apply on premises to
fivnor, Y;S> Park Ft.. Alameda, Ce.1. ; no agents.
HAK1AINS in improved anfl unimproved Ala-
rr.-^da real estate In all parts t,t Alam^da r>n I
p.if> tern-.?. AI*m«Js Land Company. I500
P_rk ft.. Aismrda; tJ Port st.. Bar. rrn.ncln-.-o. I
OFFl'Il wanted lor an elosant house of S '
roams: r>iu«e rail and eee it. Owner, J. II. i
rorjNO. ::i3 p_rfc rt.
C/HTAPnST a.rd best !n Arr i*rloa— "Hie Weekly
Call. 1< raers. sent to any adiress in the
———————————— — — —
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FIUITVALK BKAL KSTATK.
FOR PALE RY H. A. PLEITNER.
$;7i — For F«i!e Jn E&st Oakland: choice cornn:
Jot. Sftrt*; ci.ly 2 blocks Jrom Clinton station;
co>t o»ter JJJO.
SS53— Cozy .¦otte.R-e of 3 large rooms and bath,
ha:;, front r:v1 back porch, bacamc-nt. olc. ; only
8 bind;* from local train: »>asy terms If d— stead.
JT'M — Ne— ¦ cottage of Z larjje rooms, hlch bns«-
ment; jroo<i lirick foundation; chicken hou^s.
etc.; lot 71x100, all fenced; $100 cash, ba.la.nt6
»>••" ».r rent.
j;oOO — Cotta.ce of 4 room* and bath; etaflon-
_ry tuba, chicken house,. fruit tr^ea; lot 3SxlM;
connected with main Bttr er; only on« block
from Fr-itvale av«.
JIC^— New house of 4 room* and bath. bn»e-
tner.t. fruit trees; lot D'/xlSO; BplenC'd location.
tllOO— Cottape of 4 rooms and hall; good well.
¦w-indmiji and tank; lot 50x110; all fenced: tl-.raa
fclocks from local train.
tUWV-Cacrtftco; modem cctt&ffe of C rooms
_e4 bath, basement, etc.; lot 60x146; on« block
from electric cars; trust be EOld; an opportu-
nity — -orth Invertlgatlrig; $100 cash, balance
far* aa rent.
HW!>-lIoJerri cottage of 4 rooms ar.d bath,
fror.t rwch. T-ft. bate— :ent, pool well, fruit
tree?, chicken houses; lot 100x13; ell fcacei;
. one blty-k from electric cars.
|:600— Modern 2-story houe? of 6 rooms and
r>ath; fine mantel; corner lot; near r lation;
must ¦ell at oac«.
Jies 1 )— Chlclten ran"h of one- acr*; choice fruit
tree*; houw nf 3 rooms End basement ; tarn: II
chicken houses, 2 Incubators. l»roo.i«>r fca_5e,
CMdnma, etc For rartlcclars arrly to
H. A. PLK1TNEB, Freltval* Station. Cal.
II. TV'. PAVIS. Heal Estate and Loans.
f?ysr,o— -Hou!"* 10 rooms: lerpe etoutvIs: a *nap.
jr_-.n — r"in« lot. *^O f>»«»t Jeep; Fru'.'vile ave.
S4-.0 — Small houw; ban: lot ~xlM.
?"-".-- Lot* In Peering Tract; sec them.
II. W. DAVIS* A«;rr.t, Frultvale ave., one
block frota f! at Ion.
oaklaxpTdyertIsemexts.
ChriCE — 1318 BROADWAY.
. I
OAKLAND BEAIt ESTATE.
JL— OAJCI_CN"I> BARGAIN'S.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
Adjoining the city of Oakland and between
Os.k'.and and Berkeley, we are offering t\i to !
6-acr* tract* tt or.e-thlrd former vrIu«js; only |
IJOu per »ov required as first payment, b—ULnce ,
to s".:'.t; property near the city; soil and view j
uryurpassed; overlook scrre of Oakland's finest ;
F'jburban homes; new ferry will treble It* '
value; price* now leys than former mortgage, j
ACRES.
LAT1USCE-A C B n S.-LATMAXCI:
A C R _ 6.
JlS.OOCV-An estate: cost In 1S31 over tXOOO:
er: ur-to-date residence, 12 or more rorms. tu j
or.e of the choicest central locations of tlie city; J
offer wanted.
LATMA NCE.
tCEOO — A beautiful Lakeside district residence,
10 roorae; Colonial ttyle; new and modern.
LAYMANCE.
I1J.000 — Coat S25. 000: elegant suburban hofte. i
JO roorr.t; modern; 5 acres choicest fruit and j
efcrubberlea; f!tuatlcn is • unexcelled; forcing
BEie; oITer wjmted; a first-class property.
LAY2IANCE.
JSOno— Bank mortgage. CSSM; hair block; 3nCr
ISO, with fine 10-room residence; BJrroundM b> :
finest homes In Ea^t Oakland; owner must have ,
xr.oney.
LAYMANCE.
J~:o— Near Adeline station: fine new Colonial '
"-room home: beautifully situated; large lot; j
fpletidld ¦¦;-.-¦ perfect order; can secure terms. '
LATM A>." CE.
J30WU- Five minutes' walk of Fourteenth and !
Brxtadway; ro<xi?rn J-rooai residence; porcelain J
bath; near Telegraph ave., close in; choice lo- !
lation: must eel!.
LAYMANCE.
HSOt— A er.ap; ertate; splendid 2-story house;
T rooms, bath; first -class order; four block* of ;
Eighth and Broadway.
LATMANCE.
??*:.'>— ;i» rs»h: beautiful one and haJf story
c^tta?" Of 6 ar.d 2 rooms; curly redwood finish i
Interior and exterior; perfect order; rents $2:. I
month; near City Hall cr Market station.
LAYMANCE.
J^f.00 — rjneFt two acres of fruit uooad Oafc- !
land: over 1500 currant bushes: horse, vagon, i
Iniggj, chickens, ptgeou; furniture of a cosy !
8-n-rn cottage; a v.ell-t^-do ir.an'e little bonie; |
everything goes; Elck and must sell.
Laymance.
I-*:/' — No less; ccet Sir>00: nearly 1 acre, with !
ep!en<ll<l 6-rcom cottage, bath: within 5 mln- ;
ute:;' walk of choicest rvsiience portion cf ' ;
Twenty-third ave. Hilton; the b?« larpe lot i
rfftiinK in the city of Oakland; new mortgage ;
SiO(*: ft— ;t to crt this gets a bargain.
LAYMANCE.
i;;'rt_ LcJceFlde district, near Fourteenth and j
Broadway; r.eat a-rocm cottage; lot 23 feet;
always rented J?0 month; perfect order; niort- !
£2j;e S:C&; needs money; must eell.
LATMA.NCE.
SS40Ti — A perfect bridal home; really one of th- i
prettiest new homes In the market; 7 rooms; I
could not be more complete; choicely eituattd; i
near trains; near center of city; if you want i
s. home, to t*e this is to admire It; cannot La '
duplicated at present prices. i
LATMA.VCE.
SE^A-Ccrner lot; GO feet; Just fr.O feet of two '
Oakland barJis, for which SOX) was refuse:}; I
price seeme incredible; if« an estate beine I
•at-riSoed. j
LATMAKCE.
jisoq — $;-,o cash: pplendld two-s=tory house, 6
roi rr.s; bath; stable ; 30- foot lot; f.~ -t-ci—*
orarr arfl well located; near Peralla street- a!
rc«..j he me.
tvw .. LAYJIANCE.
tv<X> on!y — An henest home for the money
r<* d 2-fctory house. T rc^ms; bath; email stable- I
newly tainted; everything In good order; street
mnca<ian::zed; north Oakland, near station.
ech<xj]s and electric cars.
LAYMANCE.
|g»0 93S> caah; new; S roomE: porcelain both
2-Mory: i-«rr.er lot; fronts car line; %-try che*u-
It's a bank pale.
LATMANCn HEAL ESTATE CO
Office and Salesroom; <eo-«*:2 Eighth st-.
Oakland.
mzz
»22M> VAIAJB FOR f_£0— QUICK SALE.
f| wner In Sew York Wants Ca6h
Cozy modern Eastlake cottage bone; iot 37 6
XI2:: tunny front; nice E-rden: c'.ofe to Pan
Pat.lrt eve., school and churches GVX) VV
Al'KTIN* & CO.. I'X* Uroadway. Oakland. '
cost $«7oo. pnicrTtrrSo!
r.I<: BABGAIM FOR CASH SALE.
Eastlnke h jrr.e of i larpe rooms snd bath:
!<-.?. SOxUS; handy to Ade!ine-st. ftatlcn- very
desirable residence location Giro \V " At*a
TIN & CO.. IOCS Uroadway. Oakland. '
WORTH b~ML riUCE KT^o!
New home, e rocms, bath, rr>ns»rvatcry end
t*8f=rmcnt: all mod.-rn; lot fOxHO (note the size)
with open lawn, pravel driveway. Ftone walks
».:..; ft'H >1. wittti mtai barn: 'ruit tr*»»:s et~ ¦
rents {17 JO; nice locality near Grov? et.- a home
[>Uc« In nn» Condition; a rnre barraini'cee this
lit once: title ]»erfrct; no rnr.rtsase. >HZO XV
AUSTIN A: CO.. IOCS liraadway. Oakland."
william jTISInge:-;. ""'
BARGAINS IN* OAKLAND HOMHS.
Of floe P^3 Broadway. Oakland.
TWO SPECIAL BARGAINS
t2:r.O-Charmlnj5 cottase cn Market St.," near
52d: let 31x116; fine elevati.n; new cot-
tare: very latest dfslgn; high bafmtaf
r^ii>e!aln bain; mubt t« *•¦•¦:, to be ai>^
pr»-c:aJed.
D*OB— JCe— rottnw hom» on Wesrt street, near
VZA; lot many fr^nt: fine j>crch- C
isree rooms; porcelain bath; very latest
plumbing; larpe closets; cement founda-
tion an<1 cellar: ele.-trifr t^lls: easy tenrs
WILLIAM J. IJINGEK.
»03 Uroadway. Oakland.
J3^00— TO t»ul!d n^.w would co«=t f40<«[>.
Now Colonial house, ~ rooms, etc.. with every
wp-to-dat'- conyentence; artistic and rle^ar.f
t«rrjiff,3 lawn; ,<-eme:it copla*-; ornr.ment.ii
Fhrtihb<>ry: swell noiFhborho<jd ; t blocks
to local elation and iirar busineps center; terms
If derlred; nwnT n:utt pril; call early.
J. S. METER; 10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
5T720— SOLI) 2 year* aso for J4100.
House, 8 rooms, bath, etc.; o?>.?n plumliinir;
terjre bam: lot 5f^cl2i: street work ctuntl^t*:
Al neighborhood; 3 blocks to schools and i-ars;
near local train and buKinees centftr; onljr ?^0S
«"_Kh. !¦;.;. r" f bank mortgage; teeing is tw-
Hev.nR. mi rail early before It is sold.
J. P. METERS, :ooi Broadway, Oakland.'
IS HOU5KS and cottaE-es for sale, scquli-ed by
bank mortsase that I am authorized to sell;
my term*: some fame aa rent; send or call
for wfcat you want.
Handle* for sale from 10—cree to 50,000 acres.
Thirty-rase cata locae of homes.
E. E. BCNCE.
Removed to K.2 Broadway. Oakland.
The economical homes of
this city are furnished with our
Carpets
Linoleums
Matting's
Curtains
for there is true economy in
quality and durability com-
bined with grace and beauty.
The most luxuriously ap-
pointed homes are furnished
by us too, for we have the best
there is in our exclusive lines.
You are always welcome.
2I5-2I7* Sutter St., Above Kearny.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND ItEAL ' ESTATE.
new liorsns for sale
NEW HOUSES FOR SALE
HB~ HOUSES FOR SALE
NEW HOUSES FOR SALE
A. J. SNYDER & CO.
A. J. SNYDER & CO.
A. J. SSYHER & CO.
A. J. ENYDER & CO.
ICOO J<500
I niV. PAYMENTS are $T,00 to J1000 down, bal-
| ancf on n;.irtr;acc a t bank interest, will buy a
tir.mt- on Telegraph ave
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD Is acknowledged to
be THE BEST IN OAKLAND
THK HOUSE Is finished in hardwood oak
nnd contains 7 rooms, bath, laundry and clos-
ets. Th<- phunbins Is all open nickel plated,
t-onsisting of three basins, tv.-o toilets, porce-
lain liath ar.d wash trays
GAS FIXTURES of the latest pattern
BEAM CEILING and brick mantel in the
l:irrr.\ cntrmodlu* ii'n!n;-rwim
•THi: LOT 1s (OxlSS feet. On the west side of
TcSecrraph ave. Send or call at our office for
further information on this or other places
A. J. SXYDER & CO.,
Real Estate,
467 Ninth et., Oakland,
S1E0 CASH. $5 DO monthly— Plain cottage of 2
ro^m?: good well of water: 2 fine lots, nicely
fenced; p— ind view: excellent soil: euperb
rllmate: no fo;js> nor raw? winds: situate In
FVultvHie, cV.se to 3 electric car lines, fine 3-
Ktory s^hoolhouse and 90-foot boulevard: price
! In nil $450. Call or send fcr circular, 4S5 Sev-
enth Ft.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAAU HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD house*. Get list from GEO. W. AU8-
: TIN & CO.. 10C8 Broadway. Oakland.
! OAKLAND FUI*.NITCUE FOR SALE.
i AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
KOO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEI'IJiG.
I CHESTNTJT, 183, cor. Dupont— Fin» furnished
i rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
| CLAY. 1421. near Filimore — I large unfurnished
; rooms; upp?r flat; yard; water; rear; rent 57.
CLEMENTINA s:7— I/arpe room and kitchen,
I furnished for housekeeping-, for man and wife.
I DBVIHADERO, IS3S— Nicely furnished house-
keeping roo:iis and other rooms; rent J6 to J10.
EDDY. .815 — 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
j conveniences : fine location: private residence.
i FIFTH. "S3 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
I $14; 2 furn. fckpK., $10; tingle b"d rms., U. JS.
: FULTON. 425—3 housekeeping rooms; stove,
! etc.
GOLD"X GATE. «ZZ — 3 tunny rooms furnished
fcr houseketTlnE; Pas stove, running water.
! GROVE, €?2— 3 tur.ny rooms for housckcep-
ing, ti.
I HARRISON 1 . 7It— Two rooms furnished Tor
i hou£fk<?ep!ns; large yard; rent $12.
j HAYES, lit— Two u_furnlshed room* for houe«-
ke»-plne.
j ifOTVARD. £34 — frunny rooms, complete for
j housekeeping-. J2; EUite«, $10; single room, |1.
i LADY has 2 sunny rooms suitable for light
housekefplnj* that she would like to share
with another lady: rent }4 each: references
! MINNA. 2S— Sunny furnished single and house-
keeping- rooms, 75c and tl per week.
1 OAK. IH rtinrny ro^m; larue closet: furnished
I for housek**»r!r!g; $6. Call after 4 o'clock.
OCTAVIA, 14C3, cor. Geary— Sunny bay window;
gas burners; co^kinp; large closets; running
| water.
! OTARRKLL. l!t>A— Nicely furnished Bunny
rooms, with privilege of light housekeeping:.
TIERCE, 34?, near Oak— 3 or 4 furnlshe-d
rooms: reasonable; sunny: etove and gas.
j POLK, 522 — Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
i alFO Bingle rooms; rent cheap.
POI.K. 717— Two furnished housekeeping rooms,
complete, with bath $10.
POST, .'27 — Parlor floor or upper floor, unfur-
' nisfced; front room, furnished; very reaaon-
j able.
j TWENTY-FIFTH. S24O— FumlEhPfl rooms for
housekeeping; also furnished rooms.
i TUTNTy-THIRU. ST2S, near Dolores— Two
Funny bay-window rm?.; nice, neat, complete.
I VALKN'OIA, S34U— s furnished room"?, complete
for housekeeping-; sink; norrh; Ras.
j ROOMS TO LET Kuril, ana I'nfaro.
I A— BRUNSWICK Hcuie. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; Jl 2J to $5 per week, and light
hou^eKe^pins; open all night.
A QUTET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; suites J16 up; bath; telephone. St.
James, McAii'.ster and L&tuna Fts.
ERY-OCT, 1CJ6 — 4 large funny rooms to rent,
with use of stable; rent $12.
BURNETT, 142B Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nished rms., truites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. £20 (The Elk>— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicelv furn. sunny rms.. $1 50 to J7
wc-ek; 2jc to tl £0 night. MRS. P. rtAXFT.
BUSH, 14CS— Sunny room In private family; gaa
] and bath; *u.
| CAPP, 20 — 3 larsre. sunny, unfurnished rooms to
j a Quiet family, without children.
j CATP, 307, near Sixteenth— Sunny furnished
Cn nt befirccm.
i CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
! furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
| EDDY, 473 — Large eunny room; closets, gas,
water; also single room; terms reasonable.
! ELLIS. C3S, corner Larkln— Sunny front room;
double folding bed; Welsbach llghta. ,
j FOLSOM, 834— tl a week; large, sunny fur-
¦ nished room; running water; closet; bath;
private.
i FURNIFlfED rooms to let at Park Houm. 2723
Mission st.
GEARY, T,lS— Elegant eunny front parlor, piano,
light liskpg. ; suites; other pleae. rms.; phone.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 727— Finely furnished
j front room: gas; bath: gentleman; prl\'ate;
reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE AVD., Eli-Sunny furnished
rocme. 16 to $10.
GIIAN-D POUTHnrtN, routheart corner Seventh
ard Mtorton rts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
s:nple; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. F"3— Rooms from {1 week up to $5;
ZZc to Jl night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. K9— Single room In a private family.
HOWARD. JSJ. cor. Cth— Orlando House— New
mar.aijcment: furnlsh»»d rms. ; suites or single.
HOWARD, 10.V.B. nr. Sixth— Sunny furnished
! frrnt rooms and others: St 25, Jl 60 up.
I HUNT. 9. nff Third— Furnished room to let,
[ with cr without board.
j _____ __
1 HTPR, 4TB — Furnished room; private family.
i JESSIE, 353. near Emporium— Furnished rooms,
$.j; larve room, $a; housekeeping-. J9.
! LARKIN. 13"-. near City Hall- Neatly furnished
rr-om: suitable for 2; reasonable.
LARKIN. 1004. near Post— Newly furnished
sunny nx>m; light housekeeping; double room.
!i month.
! LAS PALMAS. 1ST9 Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
I rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
LFAVENWORTH. 405. near Ellis— Two nicely
furnished punny rooms.
MARKET. 1C35— 2 elegantly furnished sunny
front suits, with running water; also other
rvoms; reasonable; open all night.
MASON. H01— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
single and en eulte.
MINNA; CC7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bar-window room, $1 per week; transient.
' MISSION. 654, rear Third — Sunny rooir is for
gentlemen. $6 per month; pri\-ate house.
NINETEENTH. 35155. nr. Valencia-Nice sunny
reexn; cas and Lath; rent $7.
CFAnnrXU £0 — Sunny furnished rooms and
: offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
! O^ARRELLTim-Two nicely furnished rooms;
sun all day; $10 and J5.
PITCH. 1237 — Large sunny rooms, newly fur-
r.lshed complete. In strictly private family.
TOTAL. VjZ*— Large, well furnished room; two
rrica!s a day if desired: reasonable and good;
pontlenT-n preferred; private.
ROPEDALE House, T13 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
! nirM V.c ta fl, week tl 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 EIJIs St.— Incandescent
lisM: rtadins room, smoking room and ladles'
Parlor; rooms, per night. 25c to tl "«0; week. S2 I
to $S; m«nth. JS to 120; elevator on office
I floor: rcoais with hot and cold water; baths.
BHEBUAK Apartment House. 2S Eighth et.,
i »:ear Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
srXTH, l?*> — Furnished sunny rooms; single or
¦Til tea; also rooms for light housekeeping.
SMALL furnished front room. 7S3 Mission St.
TAYI/JR. $10— I_irre -jnny front room, $15;
another. J12; handsome suite, $00; all newly
furnished; private.
THIRD. 87— Two furnished room* to let: n 25
and $1 CO week. -
TURK, 643— Clean, quiet room, with bath, for
gentleman ; U CO per month.
A. R., a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
IC7Frlends and acquaintances and member*
of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R.. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, near
Market street. Interment National Ceme-
tery.
COMRADES of Lincoln Post No. 1. Depart-
ment of California and Nevada, will assem-
ble at Post Hall 121 Eddy street, this day
(Sunday), to attend the funeral of our late
comrade, J. B. Adams.
S. W. CARPENTER, Post Commander.
ANDERSON— In this city, at Ocean View, Sep-
tember 15. 1900, William, beloved son of Wil-
liam and Sadie Anderson, a native of San
Francisco, azed 2 months and 1 day.
BACON— In this city, September 14. 1300. Mary
A., beloved wife of Fred L. Bacon, beloved
mother of Robert B. and Rosco C. Bacon,
and sister of Mrs. J. D. Woodbridce and
Katherine Mandeville, a native of New York,
aged 41 years and 1 month. (Brooklyn. N. Y.,
and Augusta, Ga., papers please' copy.)
E^'-Funeral this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock.
>from her late residence, 3GS4 Eighteenth
street. Interment private.
BEEBE— In Kalamazoo, Mich.. September 8,
1900, Harry H. Beebe, dearly beloved husband
of Delia N. Beebe. a native of Hartford.
Conn., aped 34 years.
CUTLER— In thU city. September 15. 1900,
Henry M., beloved husband of Sarah F. Cut-
ler, a native of San Jose, aged 23 years 8
months and 10 days.
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from his late
residence, SIS Fulton street. Interment at
San Jose on Monday.
DONOHUE— Ir. Bouth Berwick. Me., August
27, 1W0, John Donohue, beloved brother of the
late Daniel and Florence Donohue, a native
' of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 43 years.
EDWARDS— In this city, September 14, 1900.
James Edwards, a native of England, aged
S>4 years.
Weep not that hi« tolls are over,
Weep not that his race is run.
God grant we may rest as calmly
When our work, like his. Is dona.
Peaceful be thy silent slumber.
Peaceful In thy crave bo low.
Thou no more will Join our number,
Thou no more our sorrow know.
FROM THE ONES HE LOVED.
IC^The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. Robert Alexander, K stieet, between
Fifth and Sixth avenues Bouth, South San
Francisco. Interment Holy Croos Cemetery.
FTSIiLY — In this city, September 14, 1300, John
M. Feely, beloved husband of Bridget Feely,
and father of John F. and James V. Feely,
Mrs. J. P. Coughlln of Grass Valley, Mrs.
W. A. Cross of Vallejo and Rose, Frank,
I Lucy and Annie Feely, - natlva of Scotland.
| ag^U 76 j-eaxs.
I (CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 118 Geary
street.
GLYNN— In this city, September 14, 1900. at his
residence, 4105 Twentieth street. Daniel S.
Glynn, beloved brother of Michael, Jamea ajid
the late Thomas Glynn, Mrs. Mary T. Kelly
and the late Mrs. B. Curley, and uncle of
James. Mark. Aucusta G., Josephine and
Cecelia Kelly, a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aced 4S years. (New Orleans paper*
please copy.)
C7"The funeral will take place this day ;
(Sunday), at 8:13 o'clock.Ofrom his late resi-
dence, thence to St. James Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city, September 13, 1900,
Chrlstin Hansen, beloved sen of Mr. and Mrs.
Captain Christ Hanson, and) brother of Rosle, ,
Jlobert and Alma Hansen. a native of San
KronclEco, aged 4 years and 2 days.
E/Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his paxents. 716 Bay street, between Leaven-
worth and Hyde. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
HARRIS— In this city. September 15. 1900,
Hardy C. beloved son of Mrs. Sarah Har-
ris, and brother of Mrs. Berta HeaJd. a na-
tive of Canada, ased 33 years 8 months and
7 Cays.
HAYES— In this city, September 15. 1900, Cath-
erine Hayes, beloved wife of John Hayes,
and mother of Timothy, Thomas F. and the
late John Hayes Jr., Mrs. L. C. Rich. Mrs.
V. Tojetti. Mrs. F. Brrico and Mrs. Bernard
Rueben, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
ased 72 years and 6 months. (Spokane and
New York papers please copy.)
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late r«»si-
dence, P05 Buchanan Btreet, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by special electric ca.r from
corner Klghteenth and Guerrero streets.
JOHXS— September 13. 19C0, Edwin L.. beloved
son of Mrs. Anna II. Johns, and brother of
William A. Johns. Mrs. Perry B. Learnard,
Mrs. F. W. Thompson and Mrs. J. B. McKen-
zie, a native of Wisconsin, aced 44 years and
10 months.
!C5*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this da>
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Halvted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JONES— In Golden Gate, September 15, 1900,
Mrs. r.llzabcth Crawford Jones, daughter of
the late Archibald and Mary Jane Crawford,
sister of E. M. Crawford, and mother of
Archie Beoman, a native of Abbey, N. Y.,
a;->'ii 54 years.
KKLLY— In this city, September 13. 13C0, Jame?
Kelly, beloved son of Cornelius and Bridg-et
Kelly, and beloved brother of Mrs. Patrick
O'I'.rlen and Paul, John and May Kelly, a
native of California, aged £4 years S months
and 'J days.
Cyi'he funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock.
KIBBE— In this city. September 14. 19C0. Rose,
beloved '.vife of Howard D. Kibbe. and mother
of Louise and Ethel Kibbe, a native of Aber-
deen, Scotland, aged 34 years.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KILPECK— In Famoso, Cal., September 15,
1900, Rose Ann Kilpeck, mother of Bart Kil-
peck and Mrs. J. F. Campbell, grandmother
of Mrs. A. A. Janes, Mrs. A. J. Webster and
Ada Campbell, and great grandmother of
Harold Janes, a native of Ireland, aged 76
years 3 months and 7 days.
C7To be burled at Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery, San Francisco. Notice of funeral here- !
after.
MENNE— In this city, September 13, 1900, at
the residence of her parents, 22 Capp street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Elizabeth
M., dearly beloved wife of Albert H. Mennc,
mother of William A. and Walter W. Menne,
daughter of Christian and Geslne Werner,
and tiEter of Louis P. Werner, a native of
San Francisco, aced SS years 7 months and
3 days.
CVFriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Sunday), from St. Taulus' German Evan-
Rellcal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and
Gough streets, where Mrvices will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. September 14, 1900. at
the residence of his parents, 2311 Webster
street, Clifford F., dearly beloved son of
James F. and Fannie >L O'Brien, a native
of San Francisco, aged 11 months.
E^Funeral this day (Sunday), at 11
o'clock. Interment private.
O'GRADY— In this city, September 15, 1900, Jo-
seph, beloved Bon of John and Ellen O'Grady,
a native of San Francisco, aged 16 days.
ClTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 276 Lexington avenue. Interment
private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
RICKETT— Suddenly, on board steamer Pride
of the River, September 15, 1&00, Edward
Davis Rlckett, beloved husband of Magda
Rlckett.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen '& Co.. 22S McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RUMETSCH— In this city, September 14, 1900,
George Washington RumetBCh. dearly beloved
6on of Jacob and Katherina Rumetsch, and
brother cf Mrs. J. Clausen and Herman
Kumetsch. a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 2 months and 10 days.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the -Gantner _ Guntz Undertaking Company.
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
j Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
carriaa*.
SAXSENMEIER-In thiB city, September 15.
1900, Joseph, beloved husband of Katie Sax-
itnmder, father of Louise. Katie, Bertha and
Carl Saxsenmeier, and nephew of Andrew
Frank of Oakland, a native of Wurtembere,
Germany, used 49 years 7 months and 18
days. A member of Golden City Lodge No.
63, K. of P. ; Brewers* Union, and Hay wards
I^odpe No. 18, A. O. U. W.
G?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 44 Clementina street, between First
and Second. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHWEEN— Near Pleasanton. September 15,
1900, August A., beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
E. Schween. and brother oj Mrs. H. P. Mohr.
Mrs. A. Hageman and Charles, William.
John, Walter and I»u!sa Schween. a native
of Pleasanton, aged 24 years 7 months and
29 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Plr asanton.
hfclNHY J. GALLAGHfctf .. J.. .
(Successor to Flar.nsgan & Gallagher).
¦ DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South' SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKER**.
27 and 29 Fifth at. Tel. South 167.
rUNEaiL DIBECT0R3 AND EM3ALMfiai
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CARD OF THANKS.
VOSS — We, the undersigned, desire to express
our irrateful thanks to all friends and ac-
quaintances who attended the funeral of our
beloved son. and brother. John Voss Jr., and
for the sympathy and kindness extended to us
In the sad hour of our bereavement. Tha
mcurnlng- relatives,
JOHN VOSS (father). MART VOSS (mother)
MRS. L. GILBERT, MRS. H. JENSEN*
MRS. D. GROSSCOP (sisters). FRED
VOSS (brother).
6HERHY— In this city, September 14, 1900.
John, beloved husband of Delia Sherry, and
father of Mary. Bell. Josie. Katie and Johnny
and Agnes Sherry, a native of County Clare.
Ireland, ased 54 years.
(CTFrlends and accualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Francis Church for services at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary ceme-
tery.
SMYTH— In San Andreas, John Allen Smyth.
a native of Ireland, aged 29 years 2 months
and 20 days.
. icy-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany 2425 Mission street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
TRAINOK— In this city, September 14, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of the late John Tralnor.
and mother of Frank, John and Edward
Tralnor and Mrs. Lizzie Hayes, a native of
County Monaghan. Ireland, aged 43 years and
4 months.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S21 Greenwich strt-et, thence to St.
Brig-Id's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WALTHOUR— In this city. September 15, 1900.
John F., Infant 60n of Frank J. and Dottle
Walthour. and sister of Agnes and Harold
Walthour, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 21 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 33 Guy placfe. off First street, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.For Shipping Intelligence See Paga
• Thirty-I2ga*
OREGON.
PORTLAND." Eept. 15.— Walla Walla, 56%a
57c; valley and bluestem, 5S@60c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept, 15.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 59%c; club. "56%c; both'for export
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 15.— Consols, 98%.. Silver,
28 15-l6d. Cargoes on passage., quiet hut steady.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 15.— WHEAT— Firm ; = No.
1 Standard California, 6s 5d@Ss 6%d: wheat in
Paris,' Bteady; flour In Paris, quiet; French
coutry markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. -7%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 15.— HOPS— At London
(Pacific Coast), ,£2 5s@£3 5s.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
tet 6b l%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4%d: No.
1 California, 6s 5dif 6s 5%d. . Futures— Qniet;
September. 6s' 2%d;- December, 6a 4'4d.
CORN — Spot..firnr; American. - mixed new, 4s
4%d ; - do old. nominal, Quiet ; Octo
ber.*-4s 44; November7^4g 3%d; December,
4s 3%d. - . • • - — • • \ '
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 8s. .
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Sept. 15.— Clearings, $587,552;
balances, $42,112.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The cotton market
opened steady, with prices up 23029 points
and reached a level 25@31 points above last
night's final bid before a big scare of shorts
showed the first sign of abating. There was
a slight reaction after the call under weak
end selling of a settlement character, but the
market as a whole was generally steady, with
the undercurrent of sentiment bullish. The
market for futures closed strong, with prices
net 29®49 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Muscat, 55c
tf$2 05; Morocco, $1 35(J?1 65; Tokay, 65c<g$l 40-
Cornlchon, $1 40. Pears— Bartlett, 70c@il 35.'
Peaches— Salway. 60<3C0c.
California Fruit Sales.
Following la a statement of t>.» estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cablo fe«t
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 60 California miser's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. Tha figures ar*
from J. B. Ltpplncott. hydrograph«r of t&*
United Stal«« Oeolorlcal Survey:
- SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep and lambs
firm. Good to choice wethers, $3 75@4 20; fair
to choice mixed, $3 40®3 75; Western sheep.
$3 75@4 15: Texas sheep, $2 50®3 30; native
l8mbs, $4 30®6; Western lambs, $5 15@5 00.
CHICAGO. RepL 15.-CATTLE-Recelpts, 700.
Nominally steady. Texans closed strong. Na
tives, good to prime steers. $3 50@5 90: poor to
medium, $4 40<g.5 35; selected feeders, $3 9fl(Ti4 65
mixed stockers, $2 EU@3 75; cows, $2 S0@4 35 :
heifers, $3@5 25: canners, %1 25@2 80; bulls, $2 50
@4 50; calves, $4@6 75; Texas fed steers. $4 35©
5 15; grass steers, $3 40@4 30; Texas bulls 12 75
@3 40.
HOGS— Receipts, 14,000; Monday, 30,000; left
o\er. 3500. Heavy packing a shade lower, others
steady; top, $5 60; mixed and butchers, $5 05@
5 CO; good to choice heavy, $5 05@5 42%; rough
heavy. J4 85@5; light. $5 15®S 60; bulk of sales.
*i 10©6 30.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 2% 6 4%
Closing
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 65 22 15
Closing _ 20 65 23 15
Flour" — . • ¦
Closing 28 10 2*S 15
Opening 26 20 28 15
Chicago Livestock Market.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrele 17,000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 214,000 8.000
Corn, bushels 404,000 387,000
Oats, bushels 363,000 2C7.000
Rye, bushels 8,000 1.0CO
Barley, bushels 56.000 27,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was weak; creameries, 16%®20%c;
dairies. 14@lSc. Cheese, firm; 10%@U%c Eggs,
steady; fresh. 15c.
TO SAIL.
white, -26Uc; No. 3 white. 24@25%c; No. 2 rye,
52c; good feeding barley, 39c; fair to cholca
maltine. 4S@S3c; No. 1 flaxseed. {154: No. 1
Northwestern, $1 65; prime timothy seed, $4 l(Kj)
4 30; mess pork, per barrel, $11 90@ll 95; lard,
per 100 pounds, %6 77%!g6 80; short ribs sides
(loose), $7 45@7 75; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
6%@6%c; short clear sides (boxed). J8@S id;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28; sugar, un
changed; clover, contract grade, $10.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
winter patents, $3 805J4: straights, $3 50@4 70;
clears, ?3 10@3 50; spring specials, J4 50; pat
ents, $3 &0£>4;jBtraights, $3@3 50: bakers',- $2 20
*i>: 1',; No. 3 spring wheat, 71@76Vic; No. 2
red, 77%iS>79c; No. 2 corn, 40&»@41%c; No. 2
yellow, 41@41 l 4c; No. 2 oats. 22@22%c; No. 2
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Se A ptember\^.™... 76 76% 75% 76%
OctirOer 76% 76% 76 76%
November ?6I» 7^s 75% 77%
Corn No. 2—
September 40"* 41 40% 40%
October 39'i 89% 3ST a SST-a
November 3G?i 36% 36% 36%
Oats No. 2—
September 21H
October 22 22" 21% 21%
November 22V4 22U 22<4 22%
Mess Dork, per barrel —
October 1145 ' 12 00 1145 12 00
January 1132% 1132% 1127% 1130
Lard per 100 pounds-
October 6 75 6 77% 6 75 6 77%
November 6 72% 6 75 6 72% 6 75
January. 6 55 6 57% 6 55 6 57%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 7 45 7 60 7 45 7 GO
October 7 25 7 27% 7 25 7 27%
January 6 00 6 02% 6 00 6 02%
XEW YORK. Sept- 15.— The same factors
which cauEed the break In prices in yesterday
afternoon's Etock market continued in force to
day and more business was done during the two
hours of the Saturday short session than on any
full day for months. Liquidation was plainly in
evidence and the bear operations added their
selling to the burden of the market in the
confidence that lower prices would enable them
to cover at a profit. The declines which they
brought about in this way uncovered many
stor-loea orders, which had been placed in the
market as a precautionary measure by recent
speculative buyers. The points of weakness
made It evident that the liquidation' was large
ly of speculative accounts. In People's Gas
there is a large Ehort account already ar.d the
demand to cover waa large enough to keep that
Btuck comparatively steady until near the close.
Otherwise the weakness was quite general and
evenly distributed. The principal railroad
stocks are down from 1 to l«i, the coalers,
syaager«. Pacifies and trunk lines are the prln- '¦
cipal sufferers. The steel stocks and the lead- l
in? epeclakies show the same range of losses.
These were extended from 2 to 3 points In
Sugar, Tobacco. Metropolitan. General Elec
tric Northwestern, Krie first preferred and
Baltimore and Ohio preferred. The bear trad
ers covered In some stocks, but in others the
telling continued in large volume to the close,
which was active and weak. The lethargy of
the stock market was unrelieved during the
week and the limited activity and the narrow
movements of prices were nothing more than
ripples on the surface of a deep and stagnant
pool. The puzzled brokers have seen one and
another cause assigned for the torpidity
eliminated by events. Last week the Ver
mont election and this week the Maine
election were expected by the sanguine to
start the market. But on neither occa
sion wa* any effect perceptible beyond a half
. hour of professional trading. Borne positive
pressure has resulted from the declaration of
the anthracite miners* strike, but the effect on
prices, even in the group of coal carrying rail
roads, has been 6mall. While the possibilities
cf harm to values threatened by the strike are
fully recognized there Is an optimistic -feeling
in Wall street that the disaffection either will
not spread far or will be adjusted before U
goes to extremes. ,
The week's events have resulted in some
hardening of money rates in Xew York and the
tone is significantly firmer. Early in the week
it became known that preparations had been
made by a member of the British loan syndi
cate to ship gold this week to meet the in- |
jFtallment due on subscriptions to the loan, but
the volume of cotton bills brought on the ex- I
change market broke the rate and frustrated '
the Intention to ship gold. Apparently the |
Erltlsh loan ryndicate is under a contingent or
Implied obligation to facilitate gold shipments !
arid with further installments due on «ub- I
scrlptions In the middle of next month and
November there will recur the possibility of
gold shipments. Later In the week It was an
nounced that New York bankers had sub
scribed to a new German loan to theamount of
S20.Of>A.O00. Kxperts estimate that the country's
credit balance abroad Is ample to meet such
a subscription by drawing exchange without |
gold shipments, but It was assumed that tho
subscriptions are to be paid In part at least
in gold, as in the case of the British exchequer j
bonds subscribed for here, the transaction be
ing In the nature of a special contract to meet I
the urgent need of replenishment of gold re- j
serves. This surmise was strengthened by the I
fact that the principal bank among the sub
scribers held upward of $10,000,000 surplus cash
abov« the legal reserve and S3 per cent of its
reserve was In gold._ As this bank's ten mil
lions surplus makes up the ratio to twenty mil
lions of the total surplus of all the sixty-three
clearing-house banks, the face of the New
York money market is materially altered.
London also has suddenly awakened to the
realization that the Bank of England has
acted with fore-knowledge In Its vigorous op
position to the policy of lenders in the outside
market and London discount rates have turned
upward. The new German loan has as a back
ground the large Russian lean peeking a mar
ket and further British emissions of some kind
for military expenditures. It is evident also
that while Xew York banks have been ex
panding their loans to foreign borrowers, the
demands upon the New York market have
been largely met by Interior banks out of their
abundance; bo that now, with the movement of
the crops the fall demand upon Xew? York for
funds are approaching the normal. Operations
under the refunding law have practically
ceased and with them the resultant benefit to
the money market. The question of a squeeze I
in money rat«»s in New York depends on these !
factors and the further receipts of Alaskan and
Australian gold. But the mere existence of the
question unsolved effectually discourages specu
lation In the New York etock market, where
memories are still fresh of last December's
money panic.
Bonds have lain practically dormant all week.
1 United States new 2s have advanced %, the
old 4s %. the refunding 2s, when issued, and the
*.s *i and the 3s 1 per cent In the bid prices.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
11,740 Atchlpon 26%
11.C25 Atchison prefd 69<4
8.825 Baltimore & Ohio 6&H
Canadian Pacific „£%
200 Canada Southern 48V4
1.&60 Chesapeake & Ohio 27
Chicago Great Western 10%
15.940 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 122%
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 22
100 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd. 56
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9G%
600 Chicago & Northwestern .....159%
13,835 Chicago Rock Inland & Pacific 105
800 C C C & Bt Louis 5g
$00 Colorado Southern 5%
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 33
..» Colorado Southern Zd prefd 15%
1.800 Delaware & Hudson lO7*i
820 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 170
Denver & Rio Grande 18%
Denver & Rio Grande prefd.. 67
./..... Erie 11
210 Krie 1st prefd 32
• 450 Great Northern prefd 1B2
Hocking Coal 13%
Hocking Valley 30
200 Illinois Central IIS
100 Iowa Central 18%
100 Iowa Central prefd 43
Lake Erie & Western 26%
Lakn Krie & Western prefd 93V*
Lake Shore 209
223 Louisville & Nashville 71%
4.035 Mmmattan L 88
3,700 Metropolitan Street Railway 1»
100 Mexican Central 11*
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 53%
110 Minneapolis fit St Louis prefd M
10,503 Missouri Pacific * 49 8 *
Mobile & Ohio , 35%
...'.... Missouri Kansas & Trxaa 9>i
1 130 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.. 2!f
New Jersey Central 12S>4
1,860 New York Central 12SU
1,263 Norfolk & Western 33H
£00 Norfolk & Western prefd 74%
6.480 Northern Pacific 50H
•1825 Northern Pacific prefd 69%
L180 Ontario & Western 20
.... Oregon Railway &¦ Navigation....... 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd 7«
8.200 Pennsylvania ...........127 _
Nrcu York Stock Market.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide In the same at both places.
SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER IS.
NOTE— In the above exposition of th« tides
tha early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, tha third time column the third t!d«
and the last or richt hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
*iven are In addition to the soundings on th»
t'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sicn (— ) precedes ths height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from,
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Provisions were quiet, 6ave in October pork,
which furnished an interesting feature. Two
traders with short lines out attempted to cover.
Offerings were ligrht and they rapidly bid the
price up. October pork closed 60c higher and
lard and ribs each 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO, Sept. 15.— The crowd waa rather
short as a result of yesterday's deals and tlv
erpool showed an advance of %d instead of a
decline. The supply decreased by more wet
weather in the Northwest, accompanied by in
dications of frost and snow. Commission houses
, sold freely, but the offerings were well taken
and the close was strong, October lc higher at
7«'%c. There was aVair cash demand here and
tiiat was also a help toward the end. Trade
was fairly active.
Corn was dull and easy. October closed %c
higher at 3ST4C. ,
Oats were dull and neglected. October closed
a shade lower at 21%@21%c
Chicago Grain Market.
The steamer DcrJc sailed yesterday for China
cr.fi Japan with a jreneral carpo. valued at $]<57.
1"1. manifested ts follo'ws: For China. SCS.SfiO:
Japan. JS1.CTS; Mar.lla, $11,?32; East Indies,
1414V Korea, JCtf; Siara, J560; Vladivostok.
SC126. The following- were the principal ship
r.iT.;s:
For China— IS, 500 Its abalono meat. 5 crs ate
taxsp*, 110 cfks beer. &Xt bb!s b<se£, 40S8 lbs cof
'.**, 10 cs codSsh. 115 cs cheese. 3^6 lbs con
¦ntrator. 17^1 cs canned ijocds. 6 c£ candy. 68
ea dried fruit. 147 pkir? dried fith. 10 cs dry
*roo-is, :i3S tblg flour. 340 pkgs fruit, 201" pkgs
groceries ar.d precisians, IT, lbs hops, 21 cs
hardware. 10 rolls leather. 600 lbs lard. €S c*
m«tal shingles. 10 cs machinery, 10 crs nnion*.
S cs printing Ink. 5000 lbs pe&rl bariey. 22 pkgs
pemonsj eJTrciK. 7 pkjrs phonograph goods. 410
r.« nmttt ealmon. 93 rks shells. 10 typewriters,
BO sals II rs wire. 4 cs photo gwl*-
For Japan — 10 bxs epples. 130 pkt;s alcohol.
IJ bbls t»F«-f, E£5 lbs bran. 3470 lbs butter. 32G
cr? bicycles. SG c» bicycle sundries, 10.659 lbs
coffee, 15*>7 cs canned gond^. 3 ca dryB'Xids, 66
cs dried fruit. S2 pkgs electrical kokIs, 1E20
bfejt flour, £.»< jksrs proceries and rrovisi^ns, 11
-s hardware. S • i.Vs hay. 3j> rolls leather. £24.-
B3I lbs pig lead, 9 os j-rtnting ink. 6 cs notions.
:4X) r.~> .- nails. TO bbls oak extract. 20 ctls oats.
13 pfcgs machinery. E cs lemons. 4 cs phono
praphs. 5 cs playing raids, 4 cs photo goods.
".4*0 Mis *hooks an-! straps. 3<"I cs soap. 40.ZX
V'? shot. 17 tyr* writers. IC5 pais ! cs nine, 6
¦ f whisk:.-. 4'.C bdls wire shorts'. S cs watches
•1 rr.a.t-rial. S c» rubber goods, 2 ca optical
r * 'is.
y<~r Manila—? c? hardwair, 10 ct photo poods
. rkes rr.arhlnery.* 4S ¦ -k? beer. 9 cs station
'¦">¦. 20 cs ink. 114 rkg* groceries asiA provisions.
>¦ crs potaf.es. 1SV' crs onior.s. liO cs canned
toods, El cs dru£^, 15 crs coffins, 3 cs chewing
? jrn. 2 cs electrical Eootr,.
Kcr East Indies— £6 cs whisky, 177 cs canned
scods, 12 cs= «Jried fruit. BQt lbs lard. 10 ct fruit.
31 bdls h<-Be. 9 cs household roods. EO cs sal
mon. 65 ; r ..¦«¦ groceries and provisions.
For Kcrea— 2 cr» bicycles, 7S pkgs groceries
ar.rl priiviFlons. 422 cs hardware; 23 crs stoves,
S cs books, 2X5S lbs cyanide of potash, 2 cs
'iruirs. US bdl* phcv^Is. 11 cs seltrer water. 7
rm chocolate. ZM cs cardies. 12 balrs ore eacks,
2 rkcr machinerj", 1 eewjnjf machine.
For t=iejn— 2" cs r-ar.n?il silmon, 12 cs dried
Fratt; 121 r* canned fruit.
F"r Vladivoet^-k— 42* pkjrs groceries and pro
v:si'>r.s. in cs car.ned goods.
Dried Fruit in New York.
T^-.r N^w york Comtnfrrial s^ys:
"A ph^noinenal rise in currants of very near
ly a. neat por pound wa.« th% feature of yester
«3a>'!= market, this ad\ance bein^ the biggest
mad" in any one day since currants began their
#en£&t!ina! advance several months ago. The
irarket was preatly excited all day, and at
th* c'.osp it was a question what goods oould
fee bouefct »t. sp:--:- nere very heavy. consJder
tPgr th«? market c^r.rtitirns. Three hundred bar
rel!" were rejK-jrted sold at around 9\c and later
ra>s of M barrels were reported at 10c. The
ir.arket was anywhere from 10^,5 10V»c when
the day's busir.e^E was concluded.
"The trade was considerably worked up over
the cut In prune pri<-e« to the Kuropean trade.
tr.4 the association came In for a pood dec! of
adverse criticism for a policy which was quite
regarded by many as unfair to Eastern Jobbers,
and dealers. Others, however, believed tbe
association Justified in making: the J^c allow
ance. So far. as buylr.ir in this market Is con
cerned, lt Ib certain that Rales to date have not
b»*n very lanr*. S«me buFinesn, however, la
b*>in«; done here, and reports from the coast
state that rales are proceeding at a very satis
factory rate. Some on*»*rs fmm Xew Tcrk for
<C-S0b have fc*^n turr.ed down. There is a
*ood inquiry fr,r spot prunes, and ealrs of 40-50*
? ere heard of yesterday- at T'.jc Offers at lesa
*re promptly turned down.
"Aprieoti are very strong and fairly active,
rales of five cars beir.? heard of yesterday,
thr^?* of which were choice Northern and one
Rmithcm at full price*. Peaches are quiet.
There Is a little better feeling: In future apples,
rales cf several car» beinp made for October-
November delivery at 4%c.
"Sicily filberts continue very strong and ac
tive. Ealea of Sno bajrs made yesterday
at 10%c. the market now being 1 firm at lie.
fales of 100 b?.jr« of Naples round were reported
kt 10»4c. but l^'QlO'ie Is now asked. Brazil
nut« are held \-ery firm at JOc and 10^4c. and
It is understood a laire Western buyer is In
rht market for a g^ood round lot at a slightly
Weather Report.
fl2Cth Merifllan— Paclflc Time.)
6AX FRANCISCO. Fept. 15—6 p. m.
¦WEATirEU CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The follywln* are the seasonal rainfall* to
£ate, &a compared with those of same date last
seaBcn, and rainfalls In last twenty-four houra:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka OO.ftO 00.17 1.16
I'-«-d Bluflt 00. 0<i 00.23 00.02
PacrEmr-nto <<Q.O0 CO.'"*? 00.02
Fsn Francisco M.00 00.48 Trace
Tr^Fno 00.00 00.14 00.00
Independence C0.O0 00.76 00.07
Fan I^uia Oblspo O0.00 Trac« <J0.0O
Lo« An«rB!e« 00 00 Trace • Trace
Ran r>i*pr> (iq.00 Trace 00.07
Ban Francisco oata— Maximum temperaturft,
C5: minimum. U: mean. 6J.
The pre£*ur« has fallra slowly over Ne^-ada
«rd trtsLh. It has ripen over Washington and
Vancouver Inland. The weather Is generally
clepj- over th« southern half of the Pacific
flcpe- J
Rain has fallen over Oregon and Washing
ton. A thunderstorm !¦ rep'Wted at Astoria.
Tri^ temperature ha* remained nearly station
ery ever the entire country west of the Rocky
Maintains. In the grtat valleys of California
the temperature* are from 8 to 11 detrreea below
th» normal and condition* are much more fa
vorable for raisin making: than during the past
we*k.
Foreeart maa* at San Francisco for thirty
b*>ur» en&lnff mi<Jr;lght. S*t>tenibw IS, W>:
r.'crthern California — Flair Sunday; light
Departure of the Doric.
Exror** of flour Itcvo. thia pert flurlrg the
fret «!ght months of the year amounted to
774.*^ bbla, agaJnst 67S.340 during tha same
time in 1533. Ilfiiucing this flour to a wheat
baf.t ar.d adding It to the exported wheat
rivpF total experts oi wheat tor ths eipht
rcorths cf 7.CS7.C50 ctla. valued at ?S.^6,5€0,
ag&inst S.9uS,20C ctls. at J4. 445,300 last year.
Wheat and Flour Exports.
Tb» Dodo took wit a treasure list of Jl. 347. 710.
•OMUttlE* at Ji.Lrt.S75 la Mexican dollars,
$84;2 la gold coin and $159,332 In diver bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
Local back clearings last wtek were $17,C37.-
CK, areinst f^,7€2.*S$ tor the eam« week last
T**r. The «pj>aro-at sharp falling off last week
vu probably due to the two book holidays.
Bank Clearings.
Charters.
The Ee»4e»vcr loads lumber at Pert Gamble
tow C&Uao. 61« £d; the John PaJmer (at Eureka).
lumber from Port KadlocJc to Sydney. £2s 6d;
the Xlar Cyrus, lumber on Puget Sound, ills 6d,
option of Melbourne^ Adelaide or Port Pirle,
fcOa. prior to arrivsJ; the Marathon, wheat trom
Portland to Europe, 45b, prior to arrival.
northerly winds In the valleys: fresh westerly
winds on the coast, with fog.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday
fresh westerly wlnde, with fog.
ALEXANDER G. McADlE,
Forecast Official.
The time ball on the tower of th» new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon, to-day—
1. e.. at noon of tha 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich tlma.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. In chars*. ,
-a »
Branch Hydrographlo Office. V. B. V.. M«r
rhantv FTx-ha-.e.-, San Francisco. Cal..
September 15. 1300.
Time Ball.
Shipment of $1,347,710 to China.
Another sharp advance in Sugar.
Mexican dollars in active movement.
Silver and Exchange as before.
IVhfat higher and in better demand.
Oats, Barley and Corn wicltanged.
Some demand for Rye for export.
Beans continue neglected and nominal.
Bran firm. Hay steadily held and unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables as previously quoted.
Poultry weak and Game firm.
Butter firm, Cheese steady and Eggs rather weak than otherwise.
Nothing new in Fresh Fruits. 1
Slight changes in dried Pears, Peaches and Apricots.
No further variation in Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Moderate transactions in local securities. \
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Sept. 15—13 m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04iTustIce 02 03
Alfa P2 03 Kenturk — 01
And-s C>> 07 Lady Wash — "3
Belcher 17 13 ', Mexican 27 2S
Best & Belcher. 2* 27Occlrtental 07 09
Bullion 02 OrOphir „. 46 47
Caledonia 4t> 41!9verman 03 1^
Chollar IS DjPotosl IS 19
Challenge Con.. 20 2t;Savag» IS 17
Confidence 74 7«, Scorpion 01 —
Con Cal & Va..l 15 1 Belcher 03 «3
Con Imperial... Cl 03 Sierra Nevada. SI 23
Con New York. — Oligilver Hill 33 40
Eureka. Coo — ¦ 25|St Louis 13 —
Crown Point 11 12 Standard 4 05 —
Exchequer — 02 ! Syndicate — 0«
Gould & Curry. 34 S5|Union Con 17 li
Hala A Norcrs. SO 21 Utah 05 M
Julia 02 0 ? 4fellow Jacket.. IS 1*
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— Exports of gold and
silver from the port of New York to all coun
tries for this week aggregated $869,115 silver
bars and coin and $32,914 gold.
The imports of specie were J17.6S7 gold and
$16,840 silver.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
were valued at $8,810,666.
Movements of Specie,
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The Financier Bays:
"The two factors outlined in this paper's
analysis of the New York bank statement a
we«>k ago, namely— the rapid expansion In loans
and reduction in cash holdings in response to
interior crop demands — have resulted in a fur
ther shrinkage of the surplus reserve of the
clearing-house institutions for the current eix
day period. The loss in cash was $4,931,200,
traceable > for the most part to shipments of
currency by the banks, although they also lost
in the routine operations with the eubtreasury.
As an ordinary rule the reduction In cash low
ers reserve requirements to a certain extent by
lessening deposits, but in the present Instance
loans expanded over $7,000,000 and as deposits
actually increased $1,003,500 the reserve require
ments are something like a quarter of a mil
lion higher than a wenk ago and the surplus
shows a fall of $5,220,175, bringing the total to
$20,836,175. This, however, is ?20.5CO.000 over the
excess at this time last year and about $16,S0O,
000 larger than in 1S98. The receipts in the loan
Hem were larger than expected, the Increase
being rather well distributed. Stock ex
change business has not been heavy enough
to call for the expansion and commer
cial interest!* have shown only ordinary activ
ity. International operations and business with
the interior are probably responsible for the
heavier totals. For all that present loans are
the heaviest in the history of the clearing-house
and deposits are nearly at a maximum, money
rates are still easy and show but few signs of
hardening. A repetition of the current state
ment, however, will doubtlessly have a de
cided influence on the market. The placing of
a new German loan at this center will not dis
turb the situation other than temporarily, as
present arrangements do not favor an actual
expert of specie. The current balance In favor
of the United States Is steadily growing from
month to month and will amount to much high
er figures before the close of the year. The
banks are still taking out new circulation, the
week's gain having been $372,000."
Associated Banks' Statement.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money — Rubber 28Vi
Call loans 2@3 Union Pacific 55^4
Time loans 8S4V4 West End 93>,4
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & St Fe 26vi AtchiEon 4s 89
Do prefd 69H S r E Gas & Coke 6s 56
Amer Sugar 116% Mininz Shares —
Do prefd 115'i Adventure 4
Amer Tel 142 Alloucz Mln Co.... 1%
Boston L 147',4 Amal Copper 89 V4
Bor-ton & Maine... 1S8 Atlantic 22Vi
Chi B & Q 122>4 Boston & Mont. ...312
Dominion Coal .... 33 Calumet & Hecla..743
Fed Steel 32H Centennial 15
Do srefd 66 Franklin 13»i
Gen Electric 13S Humboldt 25
Do prefd 139 Osceola 64
Ed Elec 111 210 Parrott 40%
Mex Cent 11 Qulncy 145
Mich Tel 83 Santa Fe Copper.. iM
N E Gas & Coke. 9 Utah Mining 30V4
Old Colony 203V4|V\'lnona 2%
Old Dominion 17 I Wolverines 40
1.500 Reading 15^4
6.450 Reading 1st prefd 53%
600 Reading 2d prefd 25 l ,4
Rio Grande Western 54
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Francisco 9tf
••••!- St Louis & San Francisco 1st Dfd. 65
100 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd. 33
ano St Louis Southwestern mi
600 St Louis Southwestern prefd 27'4
13,7tK> St Paul ;. H2#
....... St Paul prefd 1724
....... St Paul & Omaha .110 •
3.18o Southern Pacific 32U
SCO Southern Railway 11C
. f i2 Sou thern Railway prefd E.2T4
3.500 Texas & Pacific 14ft
18,765 Union Pacific 5514
2.500 Union Pacific prefd 72«»
Wabash . c'4.
600 Wabash prerd '.'. "" 1714
....... Wheeling & Lake Erie SH
*<0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 23vs
Wisconsin Central 12^4
135 Third Avenue uo
Express Companies —
....... Adams ># . J24
American !!!!!!!"!! 150
United States 45
Wells-Fargo ' 122
Miscellaneous — -
•- American Cotton OH 82Vi
American Cotton Oil prefd $8
American Malting 414
American Molting prefd 23
EOO American Smelting & Refng SS
?AA Al "erlcan Smelting & Refng prefd.. S9»i
100 American Spirits' 1%
American .Spirits prefd '..'. tf
1 900 American Steel Hoop 1SU
....... American Steel Hoop prefd CoV
5.225 American Steel & Wire 3»5
3<jO American St«H>! & Wire prefd.. . 74 5
720 American Tin Plate 26"A
American Tin Plate prefd $0>j
14,0fi5 American Tobacco £91^
American Tobacco prefd i°8
750 Anaconda Mining Co s ' 44
16.390 Brooklyn Rapid Transit '. B'H
125 Colorado Fuel & Iron 31
2.S15 Continental Tobacco 2iH
Continental Tobacco prefd 76
3.9M Federal Steel 3->n
2C0 Fedoral Steel prefd , 66
450 General Electric 137
145 Glucose Sugar 50
Glucose Sugar prefd as
800 International Paper 19
International Paper prefd 64'4
Lacledp Gas 71
5."0 National Biscuit " 3i»i
110 National Biscuit prefd S3
National Lead 171^
National Lead prefd 90
423 National Steel "41/
125 National Steel prefd S2»i
JOO New York Air Brake...: 125'
110 North American 14J;
Pacific Coast 641,
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 52'
Pacific Coast 2d- prefd G414
450 Pacific Mail 30
11.150 People's Gas $$%
Pressed Steel Car 33 —-
Pressed Steel Car prefd .... 7114
213 Pullman Palace Car 1S6
Standard Rope & Twine 5
18.700 Sugar ne^
Sugar prefd 117
2,510 Tennessee Coal & Iron 67U
2,6(,0 United States Leather 10V4
310 United States Leather prefd 67U
500 United States Rubber 2<<H
175 United States Rubber prefd P2'
140 Western Union 7914
300 Republic Iron & Steel n»i
ISO Republic Iron & Steel prefd B2U
P C C & St Louis E6
241,500 Share? Fold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refdg, when M K & T 2ds 66U
.issued reg 104 Do 4s 91
r>o coup 1O4',S N J Cent gen 6s...l22 7 «
U S Ss reg 110 Northern Pac 3s... 65^
U S 3s coup 110 Do 4s 1Q4V4
U S new 4s reg.... 134 N Y C & St L 4s. .1W
IT S new "4s coup.. 134 N & W con 4s 10"4
U 8 old 4s reg 114?i,Or Nav lsts 109
l T S old 4s coup...lir.->il I>o 4s 102H
U S 6s reg 113'iiOr Short Line 63. .127V*
U S 5s coup 113'ij Do con 6s. 1 114 :
Die of Col 3. 60s.... 122 Reading Gen 4s.... S7V4
Atchlson gen 4s 101\i!R G W lsts 9S
Do adj 4s S5?i S L & I M con 5s. .112%
Canada Sou 2ds....lO6\i 8 L & 6 F gen 6S..123 1 /*
Ches & Ohio 4Vis... 98<i ! Ht Paul con 1694
Do 5s UOJfc Bt P C & P lsts...H7?i
C & N con 7s 140 j Do 5s ?119 l i
Do S F Deb 5s.. 12ftiV Southern Pac 4s... 7ST4
Chic Term 4s 92V, [Southern Ry 5s. ...108*4
Colorado Sou 4s M'VStand R & T 6s.... 67
D & R O lsts 102%jTex & Pac lsts.. ..112
Do 4s 98>4l Do 2ds 55 .
Erie Gen 4». 6S>j Union Pac 4s 105
F W &. D C lsts... 73 iWabaah lsts 117H
General Elec 5s 119 Do 2ds 102
Iowa Cent lsts 113 West Shore 4s 113
L & X Unl 43 O9»4 Wls Cent lsts 87^
N Y £ent lsts WSVi Va Oenturfes 89%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 17;Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 10 Ophir 42
Con Cal & Va.... 150 Plymouth 10
Doaowood 45; Quicksilver 150
Gould 4. Curry 30 ' Do prefd 6 75
Hal« & Norcross.. lSIRlerra Nevada .... 30
Horncstake BO '..('Standard 4 20
Iron Siiver fi7|Unlon Con ....*.... 15
Mcxium 24! Yellow Jacket .... 15
The market for evaporated apples was quiet
and closed at nominally unchanged prices.
State common. 3@5c; prime. S^i^Sc: choice, 5%<f?>
6c- fancy, 6@6Ho. California dried fruits, dull
and unchanged at 3M;@7c per pound for prunes,
as to size and quality. Apricots. Royal, 11@
14c; Moorpark. 15@16c. Peaches, peeled, 14igi8c;
unpeeled, 6<S?9c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS— Receipts. 5579 packages. Steady; West
ern regular packing at mark, 12@17c; Western,
loss off. 19c.
WHEAT-Recelpts, 1S4.50O bushels; exports,
160.200; sales, l.J-».000 bushels futures and 120,000
bushels spot Spot, firm: No. 1 red. 82Uc f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red. SO^io elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. S5V4c f . o. b. afloat. Options -were
firm this morning on a good demand from
shorts and further gains In the Northwest,
coupled with smaller soring wheat carlot ar
rivals. Foreign houses' bought moderately at
the start and closed firm at He net advance.
March, S5*i<gS5vic closed 85?ic; May, SSUS^Mtc.
closed E5V4c; September. 80%@SO?ic, closed SOfcc;
October, closed SlVic; December, closed 83V4c
• HOPS— Quiet. Common to choice. 18&9 crop.
Itygi3c; do old. 2@4c: Pacific Coast, 1899 crop,
10^c; do old. 2@5c. _
HIDES— Firm. California, 21@55 Tbs. 18%c.
¦WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, 25@28c; Texas,
15@16c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 invoice,
S%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, $*i.@Uc The mar
ket closed steady, with prices net unchanged.
Total sales, 7750 bags, Including: September,
17 W; November, $7 30@7 35; December, $7 40;
February. $7 55; May. $7 65@7 70.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining," 4>4c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 6c; molasses sugar, 4c; refined,
firm; No. 6, 6.60c; No. 7, 5.60c; No. 8, 5.40c; No.
9, 6.30c; No. 10, 5.25c; No. 11. 5.25c; No. 12,
6.20c; No.' 13. 6.15c; No. 14 5.15c; standard A,
5.95c: confectioners' A, 6.95c; mold A. 6.40c;
cut loaf. 6.55c; crushed, 6.55c; powdered, 6.25c;
granulated. 6.15c; cubes, 6.30c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3125 packages. Steady;
creamery. lVoiVttc; June creamery. 18^(g'21c;
factory, »®16»ic.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
25,075 barrels; sales, 5100 packages. The market
continued firm all day and moderately active.
Winter patents, $3 5O@4; winter straights. $3 50
03 60; Minnesota patents. $4 20@i, ; 40; winter ex
tras, $2 6O®3; Minnesota bakers'. $2 75<gJ 25;
winter low grades, $2 45<g2 65.
There Is no further advance In Butter, but
the feeling Is steady. Cheese remains dull.
More dealers are quoting a weak Egg mar
ket, though strictly fancy ranch still bring the
top quotation. Supplies show signs of accu
mulating again.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 25@Z*\£c; extra
marks higher: Seconds. 24@24l£c.
Dairy— Fancy. 23',jc; good to choice, 225?23c:
common, 17',£0'21c.
Creamery tub— 2O«i22>4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 13S21c.
Firkin— 183190.
CHEESE— New, 9c; fancy. 10c; old, SSS^c;
Young America. 10©10>4c; Eastern, 13H@14c;
Western, 10gl2c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17^i@22%c /or store and 27^4
@32c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 1&S22HC.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market is featureless. There Is no
scarcity in anything and some description.',
notably Peaches, are In oversupply. Prices do
not vary much from day to day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 2Z@lOc per box for common and 60c
ijijl 10 for good to choice.
PEARS— Ttartlett. 75c® Jl 25 per box; other va
rieties. 405TG5C per box.
QUINCES— liliSCo per box.
CRANBERRIES— Coos Bay. $2 K0 per box
STRAWBERRIES— $3f?4 50 per chest for large
and $4@7 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— J3fa5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4^6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 2«?5o per lb.
FIGS— 15ig30c per single and 25@60c for double
layer boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 40<87oe per small box.
PLUMS— 25© 40c per box and 50®73c per crate
PEACHES— rj®eoc per box; In bulk, $2O@^5
per ton for freestones and "clings.
GRAPE. 1 }— Muscat, 40®i50c per crate; Seedless.
ll@110.per crate: black, 40S"63c; Tokay, 35®
60c; Isabella. {Wo 75c: Wine Crapes. $15@18 for
white and $20^25 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, SOft.iOc per case; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l per crate: Watermelons, $6@16
with extra large at $20@25 per 100. ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges, $l@l 5ft:
Lemons, $1 23@2 for common and $2 50@3 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, $5 50@6; Ba
nanas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 53®
3 &0 per dozen. . • -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Slight changes In Pears, Peaches and Apri
cots ¦ will be observed. The • market for all
fruits Is quiet and featureless.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3c; 40-
EOs. 7c: 50-60S. »Hc; 60-70s,'3%c; 70-SOs, 3\4c; 80
90s, 2%c; 90-lOCs, 2Kc; 100s and over. 2c: rubles.
%c p emluTn: Sonomas He and San Joaquins 14c"
less than Santa Claras, except 100s and over
which stand -the same. Apricots, 5@8c for
Royals and 10©ll Vic for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples. 5<g6c; sun-dried, 3@4c; Peaches, 5<g5Vjc
for standard. 6^16^0 for choice and "<BHc tor
fancy; Pears. 3@7c; Plums, pitted, 5@6c; un
pitted. lglVtc: Nectarines. 5@5%c for red and
6H@6c for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 2c; standard. $c: prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per ib, 8%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 9%c;
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5Hc;
3 -crown. 6>-ic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers, 2-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is some half spoiled Game arriving,
and lt has to go low. Sound stock brings full
figures. ,
Poultry continues dull and weak. Receipts
during the past week were large. ',
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. Sftlle for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens: youngr Turkeys. 14<816c;
Geese, per pair. $1 25(fl 50; Goslings, {1 50@l 75;
Ducks, $3©4 tor old and $3@» for young:
Hens, $3 50^5; Young' Roosters, $4@4 50; Old
Roosters. $3 50@4; Fryers. $3@3 50: Broilers,
$2 50<g3 for large and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons,
jlfil 25 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for
S<iuabs.
GAME— Doves. 73c@?l per dozen; Cottontail
Kabbits. $1 25©1 50; Brush Rabbits. 75c@*i;
Hare. $125@15O; Grouse, $S; Sage Hens, ;
Mountain Quail, $3 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Prices for everything under this head con
tinue remarkably even. Supplies continue lib
eral, though they ought, to show some falling
off very soon now.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles, 50c; Early Rose.
25©30c; Burbanks, 30@60c for Rivers and
75c<S31 per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 60c<@$l for
Rivers and $1 50 for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, £>0@65c per ctl; Pickle
Onions. 50<g6Cc.
VEGETABLES — Green Com. 65c®$l per
sack, 75ci?$l per crate for Berkeley and 75c®
$1 25 for Alameda; Green Peas. lH@2^c per lb;
String Beans. l®2o; Llma«, l%9?'2V£c per lb;
Cabbage, 40<@"oOc; Tomatoes. Rivers. 25@35c;
Bay. 35©40c; Egg Plant. 25350c per box; Green
Oki a. 254jp40c: Green Peppers. 30@40c per box
for Chill and 30@5Oc for Bell; Dried Peppers,
10@15c; Carrots, 23@35c per sack; Summer
Squash. 25@40c for Alameda: Cucumbers. 259
35c for Alameda;, Pickles. $l!jri 25 per ctl for No.
l'and 50<E(73c for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, $-.fi 10 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
An advance In Mustard Seed, which is
scarce, is the only change.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40^2 50; Small White, $4;
I-arge White, $2 60©3 75; Pink, $2 2502 50; Red,
$3 25; Blackeye. $3 25; Lima. $5 lo@5 25; Pea,
none here; Red Kidneys. $3 25^3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3»4U4c; Yellow
Mustard. 4%(g-5c; Flax, $2@2 so; Canary, 3Hc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape. 2V4@3c; Hemp. 4S4V*c; Tim
othy. 4@4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, nominal; Green, $2 25®
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no change in any description. Bran
rules firm, with light supplies, and Hay is
well held by the few dealers who control the
market.
BRAN— J14f 15 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *16®1'J per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $l&ai7 SO p*r
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; jobbing,
$27 D0S28; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$2G 50; Uracked Corn, $27; Mixed Feed, 513 50&14.
HAY — Volunteer. $4 50@7; Wheat, S10JU;
Wheat and Oat, $9 50@ll 50; Oat, $S@10; Ctovor,
$4@6; AUalfa, $5®7 60; Barley, $6 50@8 50 per
°STRAW-30Q-37%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15fc'3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
$4 75©5 75 iier barrel.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 oer 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 60J?3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; *Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6
©7 25: In Backs, J5 75@7; Pearl Barley, ?5;
Split Teas. $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — December — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — iOOO ctls,
73c; 4000, 73>,8C.
OATS— Continue firm, with a fair local In
quiry.
White, $1 13@1 30; Surprise, $1 25@1 43; Red,
$1 10(^1 20; Gray, $1 10@l 20; Black, for feed.
$1 10*fl 15: for seed, $1 15<fn 20 per ctl.
CORN— Nominal; none offering.
RYE-Steadily held at 87H«@00c per ctl. There
is quite a little demand for export, and the
6(iOO ctls that came in yesterday go aboard the
Mllverton for Europe.
BUCKWHEAT— Unquotable; none coming in.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
18,000 ctls, $1 10U : 6000, )1 10H- May-2000,
V 15%.
Second Session — December" — WOO ctls, $1 10-
May— 2000, $1 15%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls. $1 10>4. May-4000, Jl 16.
BARLEY— There is nothing new to report,
the market beine dull.
Feed. 70@72>£c for No. 1 and 65@67%c for oft
trades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 77H@
S2»£c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT— Futures were higher at Liverpool
and lower at Paris. New York advanced
slightly.
Chicago waa strone on better foreign ad
vices and a good demand, both for local and
export account. There were heavy rains . in
the Northwest, with a cold wave predicted.
The Minneapolis mills advanced Flour 20c dur
ing the v/eek, owing to the growing- scarcity
of milling Wheat Continued rains have so re
duced the quantity In the thrift States that lt
is doubtful if the -supply will turn out suf
ficient for the normal yearly requirements of
the Minneapolis mills alone.
The local marked was firm, with an advance
In spot quotations. The shippera are buying
freely at the advance in the country-
Spot- Wheat— Shipping. $1 os-rja ocu; Milling,
$1 1C@1 11V4.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 U%i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — O7>4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62^4
Mexican Dollars, nominal EOVi # 51
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Cal-st Cab os.HO'i — • Oak Water 5s. — 10s
C C Water 5s.lO6 — Oceanic SS 5s. 107*4107%
Ed L & P 6s.. — 130 OmCRy 6s. ..1CS' —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — Pac G Imp 4s. 101% —
Geary-st R 5s. — 89 P & Cl Ry 6s. 104 —
H C & 8 5%3. — — P & O R R 6s. 115 —
Do 5s — 105 Powell-st R 6sllS% —
L A Ry Es — 108 Sac LI G&Ros. 9»T» —
L A Lt Co 6a. — — S F & SJV 6s.ll9% _
Do gntd 6s.. — — S R of Cal <s..111V«111H
L A gntd 5s. ..100 102% S P of A 6s....lllVi —
L A P R R 5s. — 101 S P C 6s (1905)
Market-st 6s.. .127^130 (Series A).... — UJ
Do 1st M 5s. 117% — Do (Series B)lll —
N C N G R 7s. — — SPCfs (19C6).112% —
N R of Cal 6s.ll3 — Do (1912) 120% — *
Do Es :..118% — S P R 1st gntd — —
N P C R R 6S.1C1 — SPErfe 132% —
Do 5s 106'— SV Water 6s..— —
N Cal Ry 6s..— Ill Do 4s 103 1KT%
Oak G L & H.-lllVi — Do 3d mtg,..101% —
Oak Tran 6*. .117 — Stocktn Gas 6s — 10S%
WATER- STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70% 71 Spring Valley. 94 —
Marin County. 51% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac L Co 43 : — " :
Cent L & P Co — 6 Sac El G&RCo S3 —
Eqult G L Co. 8% 3% S F G & B.... 54 544
Mutual El Co. 10 l i 11 San Francisco. 5 6',
O G L & H.. 43 — Btkn G & E Co 10 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 52% 53
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 223 —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 68 — Lon P & A 132% —
Bank of Cal... 400 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..105 — Nev Nat Bk... — —
First Natlonl.2SS 300
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1S3O — Sav & L So.... 7* —
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk — —
Mut Sav Bk... 45 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U....507 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S L & H.... — 45
Geary-st — B0 Presidio ....... — 22'4
Market-st ...... 67 — I
POWDER STOCK&
California — 162H Vlgortt .. *% 3%
Giant Con Co. 83'i SB
SUGAR STOCKS.
HanaSPCo.. 7?i 8»i Kilauea SP Co 21'4 23
Haw C & S Co — — Makaweli S Co 43*4 4*
Honokaa S Co. 20% 31 Onomea S Co. 23 —
Hutch S P Co. 25 2514 Paauhau S Co. 31 Slli
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 1224 — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Assn 97 — Pac C Bor Co.150 151%
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 10O Par Paint Co. 12^ —
Oceanic S Co.. 93 94 .- , . ¦ ¦ 7 *.' : ;
Mornlm? Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 79 59',
65 Contra Costa Water 79 73
133 Makawelt 43 75
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent bds.HS 75
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 37^4
141 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
30 Pacific Gas Imp .52 37^4
$3000 Sacramento E G & Ry 5 per ct bds.100 00
10 Sacramento E G & Ry 33 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 51 00
25 S F Gas & Electric, Co S4 00
1 Spring Valley Water 95 25
1 Sprinjr Valley Water 95 ru)
1 Spring Valley Water 95 73
Street—
10 Market Street Railway 67 23
SO Market Street Railway % 67 75
$COCO Sacramento E G & Ry 5 per ct bda.100 ft)
50 Spring Valley Water. 96 12^
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. •
r Mornlns Session.
Board-
SO Blue Goose 15 00
400 Home Oil 4 60
300 Yukon ci
100 El Dorado 1 20
10O El Dorado 123
560 Yukon 62
MINING STOCKS.
- Bollowlnfr were the sales In the San Francisco*
Stock and .Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
200 Belcher 17 2CO Gould & Curry. 34
400 Challenge ...... 20 400Opnir* 47
50 Con Cal A Va..l 15 300 Sierra Nevada. 32
400 Con Imperial... C2I
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock.
Exchange yesterday:
Mornina Session.
200 Caledonia ...... 42 200 Hale A Norcr* 21
1500 C C & Va....l J7H SOOOphlr 47
200 Confidence '. 77. 500 Overman 09
MISCELLANEOUS BOXD&
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 115^11^ 4a do cp (new). 134 135
4s do reg 114»ill5% 3s do coup 110 111
SATCRDAT, Sept. 15— 13 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
;~" " " -
Local stocks and bonds were dull. Spring
Valley Water was lower at $96 12-£@9S 25. and
Contra Costa Water was higher at $70 50<S79 75.
Oil stocks were quiet and prices showed no
change worthy of note.
The Bank of British Columbia paid 5 per cent
this year and the London and Saxi Francisco
Bank 3Mi per cent.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FOR SATURDAY. SEPT. 15.
Flour, qr sks 7,584! Onions. sks> 505
Wheat, ctls 43,95S!Hay. tons 515
Barley, ctls 33.713; Hops, bales 73
Oats, ctU 1.9S7iWool bales 123
Rye, ctls 6,1571 Pelts, bdla 1O>
Butter. ctl» 249. Hides, no 1.123
Cheese, ctls 28' Wine, gals 21 S0O
Tallow, ctls 325; Leather, rolls ... 80
Sugar, sks 3,000 Quicksilver, flsks 45
Beans, Bks 12SiEggs; do* 12,06i)
Potatoes, sks .... 2.120, Broomcorn. bdls.. 330
Bran, sks 1.325! Middlings, ska .. 121
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS — San " Quentln Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bass, 5-%c; Wool Bags, 2S%@32%c; Fleece
Twine, 7^c: Fruit Bags. SViQWiC for white and
S'iT'S^c for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. »9 per ton; Bouthfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay, $o 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 23 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $1-1: Can
nel. $11 per ton: Coke. $16 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45
per 20O0 Iba, and $S 50 per ton. accordins to
brand. .
mCE-China mixed. $4 25f?4 30: No. 1. (4 709
* S3;' extra, S5@3 50; Japanese, $4 9igo 50; Louis
iana. WST: Hawaiian, $4 75 per ctl.
SUGAR — Prices continue to advance. The
Western Sugar Refining Company quote*, per
lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine
Crushed. 7.05c; Powdered. 6.65c; Candy Granu
lated. 6.63c; Dry Oranulated. 6.53c; Confection
ers' A. 6.55c: Magnolia A. 6.15c; Extra C. 8.05c;
Golden C, 5.95c; barrels. 10c more; half-barrels
2Sc more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more.
No orders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 7.30c;
boxes. 7.55c per lb.
General Merchandise.
small. ?',4'33Hc
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@ Sc; ewes. 7®7V*o per
pound.
LAMB-Sprir.g. S%@?c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. £»lc for small. 5%e for me
dium and 5%c for large; s>tock Hogs and feed
ers, 5<8S\ic; dressed Hogs, S r 3$%c
Beyond the decline In Hogs there has been no
change In quotations for some little time. Tho
market is well supplied with all kinds.
BEEF- 5@6c per lb for fair to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 5%??9c; medium. s%c; light, ?c; Cow
hides. 8c; Stars. Cc; Salted Kip. 15c; Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings, 20ft30c each: short Wool. 3O@5Oc each: me
dium. 6C&S0c: long Wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horse
Hides, salt. %2Q2 25 for large. II 75 for medium.
$1 for small and 10c for colts: Horse bides, dry.
$1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small
and 25<p50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35e; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c;
large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No.
2. 3$r3%c; grease. 2^2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. la-glSc: Northern, defective. 12f>
14c; Middle County, free, \V3l6c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', 11^.12c: Southern Mountain free. 7
months'. llSlic; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9#llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
©17c: Nevada. .13@lfic per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6%'SSc: do Lambs'. S
Q'ic; Middle County. SOllc per lb.
HOPS — Old. nominal 'at 5310c per lb; new.
10® 12c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops
crown. }1 50 per box; S-crown, |1 M; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices T.o.b. at common shipping points In Cal
ifornia.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@10%c for standards and 9
©lie for softshells; new Almonds, 12®13%e for
paper shell. 9%@10c for Eastern and 5®Sc for
California; Brazil Nuts. Iigi2%c: Filberts, 12®
13c; Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $3 5G<3S.
HONEY— Comb. 13%#14%cfor bright and 12*4«?
13c for light amber; water white, extracted, f*:
6 Sc: light amber extracted. 7©7%c; dark, lib
6»ic per lb.
BEESWAX— 21®26c per lb.
' Provisions.
There Is no further change to report.
CUUED SI RATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, ll'ic for light medium. 13c for light. 13U C
for extra light and 13Vic f»r sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12%c: Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family. $14: extra. Prime
Pork, $15 50; extra clear, $13; Mess. $16 EO;
Smoked Beef. 12%@13c per lb.
LARI>— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for coin
pound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure 9 ! ic:
10-lb tins. S»«c; S-lb tins, 91ic
COTTOLEX E-One-hal f barrel. SHe; three
half-barrels, S%c; one tierce, S'-jc; two tierces,
S'ic; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Pacific. 99%: Union Pacific preferred, 67; North
ern Pacific preferred.' 73%; Grand Trunk, 7;
Anaconda. *, 9. Bar silver— Dull, 28 15-16d per
ounce. Money — 3% per cent. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
Foreign Futures.
Flow of Rivers,
:ns
VEAL-
-Large.
per Ib.
39
WASHINGTON.' Sept. 18.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund, ex
clusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J136.079.2U; gold. J73.719.529.
London Market.
NE\M> YORK. Sept. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser'* London financial cablegram nays:
The markets here are stagnant and dull /to
day on the China and the money outlook, dis
counts ha vine risen to the German loan and
the announcement of a further issue of $20,
000,000 Treasury bills by the war loan act.
American securities were quite neglected
and Inclined to droop below parity. Tlntos'
were firm and Anaconda weak. Silver was
firm, though the Galcutta forward price was
only 73%. "¦ -: : -¦
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. 15.— Atchlson, 28U : Canadian
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE.
5un rises ..
Sun sets ...
VIoon rises
..8:51
a:«
O:0O a- m.
0 ITlme
P
! Time
Pt
: i. w
Time! Tims
n. Ipt. rt.
H Wt I. W
16 ... S:ST>
V TV
17 ... 0:K
.< ... 1:29
.» ... 2:1*1
10 ... 2:57|
n ... 3:33!
2 ... 4:101
1.2 11:03
H W
0.2 7:3«
0.2 8:M
I 4.3 i> ¦')•.
! 0.4! 9:t4
' 0.7 10:l»
! 1.0| 10:«
5.3 5:03 5.2
I* W H "W
4.4 12:30 3 2 <:tO S.I
4.7 1:39 1.9 7:23 5.1
4» 2:S2 2.". 8:2» B.I
6.2 3:20 2.1 »:23 5.1
5.3( 4:001 1.7 M:12 B.I
6.3' 4:33| 1.4 10.59| 5.0
Steamer. I From. | Due.
_
Walla Walla... Victoria..'. *Sep. H
Eureka Humboldt Sep. li
Empire Coos Bay Sep. H
Mineola Nan»lmo Sep. V
Victoria Oyster Harbor Sep. 1
Tltanla Nanalmo Sep. 1
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 1
Corona San Diego Sep. I'
North Fork Humboldt .- Sep. 1'
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. 1
Bonlta Newport Sep. 1'
Pomona Hurnboldt Sep. 1
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. I
Colon New York -.. Sep. V
I'matilla Victoria Sep. 1.
Robt. Adamson Xanalrro Sep. l:
Coqullle River. Orays Harbor Sep. V
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 2
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. S
Santa Rosa San I)t<-jto Sep. 3
St. Paul Capo Nome S«p. 2>
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Sep. i
Herodot Hamburr Sep. 3
Moana (Australia Sep. 2
Matteawan iTacoma. Sep. 2
Columbia Portland Sep. Z
City Rio de- Jan'Chlna and Japan Sep. 2
Grace Dollar... I San Pedro iSep. 2:
Coos Bay IV^wnort ISep. £
Steanur. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Del Norte.. f Portland Sep. 16. 10 am Pier
Coos Bay.-jNewport S«p. 18. • am Pier 1
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 17, 10 am Pier 1
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. S«p. 17, 2 pm Pier
Newport ... New York Sep. IS, 12 m PMSS
Walla W... Victoria Sep. 13, 11am Pier
Corona San Diego Sep. 13. 11 am Pier I
Australia .. Honolulu Sep. 19, S pm Pier
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 20. 2 pm Pier
Empire .... Coos Bay Sep. 20, 13 m Pier 1
Arcata .... Coos Eay Sep. 20, 12 m Pier 1
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20. 11 am Pier i
Bonlta Newport Sep. 20, > am Pier 1
W. Krugsr THlamook.;... Sep. 20, pier
Iaqua ...... Humboldt Sep. 21, S pm Pier
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21. Sam Pier
N. Mara China AJapan Sep. 22. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa'San DIeiro 'Sep. 22, 11 am Pier 1
G. Dollar.. IQrays HarborfSep. 22.
Umatllla ..|Vlctorla ISep. 23. 11 am Pier
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JEXX.TS FERRT.
- I Second Feet.
DATE. 1
DATE.
1339. 1900.
I I
September 2 *3S0 *««
September 3 »*> $805
September 4 33SO S630
September 5 »S0 6170
September « - J3*0 43fiO
September 7 39SO 4170
Septembers. 89S0 4170
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
v ¦?__ I Second Fe«t.
DATE. ,
v 1S». I 1900.
September 2 90 M
September 3 130 SO
September 4. 90 Ifi .
September 5 13<) 60
September < 130 SO
September 7 90 50
September 8 90 50
TUOL.UMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
I Second Feet. J i
DATE. [ — ! iMn'gCo.f Total
lS3t>. ( 1900. Canal. 1900.
September 2.. C5 1 12 15
September 3.. 54 13 12
September 4.. 54 7 12 13
September 5.. 54 12 12
September 6.. 54 12 ' 12
September 7.. 54 12 12
September 8.. 54 13 12
SAN JOAQU1N RIVER AT HERXDOX.
I Second Feet.
I> ATE - ~ . I
* 1S39. 10CO.
______^________ I — r—
September 2 KO 250
September 3 220 250
September 4 220 250
September 5 220 J10
September 6 220 210
September I..... •-'. 220 250
Septembers 220 | SO
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
DATE. , 1—
ISM. 1900.
September 2. 250 2S3
September 3. 250 250
September 4 283 440
September 5 2S5 520
September « 250 440
September 7 25i> 400
September 8 215 4C0
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JEXX.TS FERRT.
- I Second Feet.
DATE. 1
DATE.
1339. 1900.
I I
September 2 *3S0 *««
September 3 »*> $805
September 4 33SO S630
September 5 »S0 6170
September « - J3*0 43fiO
September 7 39SO 4170
Septembers. 89S0 4170
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
v ¦?__ I Second Fe«t.
DATE. ,
v 1S». I 1900.
September 2 90 M
September 3 130 SO
September 4. 90 Ifi .
September 5 13<) 60
September < 130 SO
September 7 90 50
September 8 90 50
TUOL.UMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
I Second Feet. J i
DATE. [ — ! iMn'gCo.f Total
lS3t>. ( 1900. Canal. 1900.
September 2.. C5 1 12 15
September 3.. 54 13 12
September 4.. 54 7 12 13
September 5.. 54 12 12
September 6.. 54 12 ' 12
September 7.. 54 12 12
September 8.. 54 13 12
SAN JOAQU1N RIVER AT HERXDOX.
I Second Feet.
I> ATE - ~ . I
* 1S39. 10CO.
______^________ I — r—
September 2 KO 250
September 3 220 250
September 4 220 250
September 5 220 J10
September 6 220 210
September I..... •-'. 220 250
Septembers 220 | SO
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
DATE. , 1—
ISM. 1900.
September 2. 250 2S3
September 3. 250 250
September 4 283 440
September 5 2S5 520
September « 250 440
September 7 25i> 400
September 8 215 4C0
Steamer. I From. | Due.
_
Walla Walla... Victoria..'. *Sep. H
Eureka Humboldt Sep. li
Empire Coos Bay Sep. H
Mineola Nan»lmo Sep. V
Victoria Oyster Harbor Sep. 1
Tltanla Nanalmo Sep. 1
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 1
Corona San Diego Sep. I'
North Fork Humboldt .- Sep. 1'
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. 1
Bonlta Newport Sep. 1'
Pomona Hurnboldt Sep. 1
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. I
Colon New York -.. Sep. V
I'matilla Victoria Sep. 1.
Robt. Adamson Xanalrro Sep. l:
Coqullle River. Orays Harbor Sep. V
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 2
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. S
Santa Rosa San I)t<-jto Sep. 3
St. Paul Capo Nome S«p. 2>
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Sep. i
Herodot Hamburr Sep. 3
Moana (Australia Sep. 2
Matteawan iTacoma. Sep. 2
Columbia Portland Sep. Z
City Rio de- Jan'Chlna and Japan Sep. 2
Grace Dollar... I San Pedro iSep. 2:
Coos Bay IV^wnort ISep. £
Steanur. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Del Norte.. f Portland Sep. 16. 10 am Pier
Coos Bay.-jNewport S«p. 18. • am Pier 1
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 17, 10 am Pier 1
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. S«p. 17, 2 pm Pier
Newport ... New York Sep. IS, 12 m PMSS
Walla W... Victoria Sep. 13, 11am Pier
Corona San Diego Sep. 13. 11 am Pier I
Australia .. Honolulu Sep. 19, S pm Pier
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 20. 2 pm Pier
Empire .... Coos Bay Sep. 20, 13 m Pier 1
Arcata .... Coos Eay Sep. 20, 12 m Pier 1
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20. 11 am Pier i
Bonlta Newport Sep. 20, > am Pier 1
W. Krugsr THlamook.;... Sep. 20, pier
Iaqua ...... Humboldt Sep. 21, S pm Pier
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21. Sam Pier
N. Mara China AJapan Sep. 22. 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa'San DIeiro 'Sep. 22, 11 am Pier 1
G. Dollar.. IQrays HarborfSep. 22.
Umatllla ..|Vlctorla ISep. 23. 11 am Pier
5un rises ..
Sun sets ...
VIoon rises
..8:51
a:«
O:0O a- m.
0 ITlme
P
! Time
Pt
: i. w
Time! Tims
n. Ipt. rt.
H Wt I. W
16 ... S:ST>
V TV
17 ... 0:K
.< ... 1:29
.» ... 2:1*1
10 ... 2:57|
n ... 3:33!
2 ... 4:101
1.2 11:03
H W
0.2 7:3«
0.2 8:M
I 4.3 i> ¦')•.
! 0.4! 9:t4
' 0.7 10:l»
! 1.0| 10:«
5.3 5:03 5.2
I* W H "W
4.4 12:30 3 2 <:tO S.I
4.7 1:39 1.9 7:23 5.1
4» 2:S2 2.". 8:2» B.I
6.2 3:20 2.1 »:23 5.1
5.3( 4:001 1.7 M:12 B.I
6.3' 4:33| 1.4 10.59| 5.0
AUCTION SALES
£* AUCTION SALE 5^
TITESDAY. Sept. 18. at 11 o'clock, at 1821 3JAR-
KET ST.. of 65 Head of Broken and Unbroken
Horses, suitable for all purposes. Thia stock
must and will be sold. S. WATKINS.
»>VW Auctioneer.
£» £* £*
AUCTION SALE by Electric Light TUESUAT
EVENING. September IS. VXr). at 7:30.
ICO Head Splendid Hon»s. Stock now on ex-
hibition. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard street. _^____Native Sons! Your great celebration and
parade illustrated in 36 pages of the finest
engravings. Wasp's souvenir edition on
eale everywhere. Price 25c •
Daughters of Liberty Outing.
The. pood of the order committee of
California Council No. 1 of tho Daughters
of Liberty has arrange-1 an outlns to
Camp Taylor mi Sunday, the 23<i inst., for
its members and friends. This council
has also arranged for an entertainment to
bo'jfiven !n October, on which occasion a
number of the members will talic part in
a farce. ; " v • : v- .¦-'
Took Too Much Opium.
Mr?. Grace Emmett, 1131 Market street,
took forty drops of tincture of opium to
relieve pain yesterday afternoon. Her
husband a "few minutes later found her
In a seml-conwlous condition and after
rousing her took her to the Receivfns
Hospital. Dr. Raclgalupi proscribed for
her and told Emmrtt to walk her in tne
open air until the sleepy crfect left her.
She had a narrow esctpe.
Valuable Animals Are Killed by the
Miscreant, Who Puts Strych
nine in Meat.
That despised of all human beings, the
dos poisoner, ha.s made his appearance In
the Mission district and several four-
footed pets have been made his victims.
Officers of the Society for th^ Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals have undertaken to
Tun the culprit to earth, but so far with
out success. A few days ego a fine hunt
ing animal owned at Twenty-fourth street
and San Jose avenue was killed and a
number of hou^e cats also succumbed to
tho effects of strychnine. Charles M. Kw
intj of 20S San Jose avenue yesterday
called the attention of Officer McCurry to
a jjjere of poisoned meat he had found on
his doorstep. The meat had evidently
been nl.ic-d* there for the purpose of de
stroying Mr. EwIdk's pet watch dog.
DOG POISONER IS
ABROAD IN MISSION
Thomas Emerson, engineer In the Colo
nial Hotel, Pina and Jones streets, was
arrested yesterday afternoon on a war
rant charging him with assault with a
deadly weapon. The complaining witness
Is J. H. Smallbone, a painter at the hotel,
who alleges that during a dispute with
Emerson yesterday the latter struck him
on the head with a hammer. Emerson.
who was released on bonds. Bald that
Smallbone was i~e aggressor and during
the tight fell and his head struck against
a washstand.
Fight in tho Colonial Hotel.
3>evotees Are Out in Numbers and
Flay in a Series of
Play was very lively' yesterday on the
courts of the California Tennis Club,
many devotees of the game being In at
tendance.
H. X. Stetson played a set with J. D.
Beuret, defeating him, 6-4. In doubles
Stetson and "Welner Stauf defeated Drum
mond McGavin and J. D. Beuret. 7-5.
In the continuous W. IL Crowell. chal
lenger, was defeated by Bob Whitney,
6-2. 6-3.
George Whitney and Drummond Mc-
Gavln beat Weiner Stauf and Rob "Whit
ney, 6-2, 6-2. Douglas Grant and Richard
Ersklne played a tie with Dr. Lane and
Mr. Dodge. S-6, 1-6. Jack O'Brien and W.
Dibble . defeated Mrs. Kincaid and Percy
Kahn. 3-C. 6-3, 6-4, 6-3, 6-5. Grant Smith
and Walter McGavln played a tie match.
MANY TENNIS MATCHES
ON CALIFORNIA COURTS
With the enlargement of the field of
operations In oil has come a demand for
the employment of hundreds of hands in
diverse ways. There are tools to be made,
machinery to be' manufactured and re
paired, wells to be drilled, and a thou
sand and one details, all giving: employ
ment. As the Pacific Oil Reporter truly
points out, the needed tools and machin
ery can be better manufactured In this
State now that petroleum has supplied a
substitute for high-priced coal. Shops at
Los Angeles and at Bakersfleld have done
a lively repairing business. Bakerfleld's
shop facilities are about to be Increased.
The Ventura Free Press says that Ven
tura County, one of the oldest oil-produc
ing districts In the State, is now one of
the most active. In that field the Union
Oil Company owns large holdings. The
Bard Oil and Asphalt Company is about
to begin operations on the land recently
obtained from Thomas R. Bard. In the
by actual practical trial. When oil was
first used it was blown with 2 per cent or
3 per cent of generated steam, but this
pave an imperfect flame and set up a
vibration. Now 8 per cent is used and a
bunsen flame i3 obtained with little vibra
tion. The flreroom cost of handling oil ia
flpured at one-third less than the cost of
handling coal. There are no ashes, no
dirt, no smoke and less heat is lost by ra
diation.
. William Tremble and Joaquln Fonts,
lnborcrs employed' at the Union Iron
Works, wero. unloading castings from a
car yesterday morning when one of them
slipped from itss fastening and fell upon
the two men.. They were taken to the
Receiving Hospital. ,. Tremble had one of
his ribs broken, hla chest contused and
was suffering: from internal Injuries.
Fonts escaped with a contused 1 chest and
hip. ;
Injured by a Casting. "
Mrs. Sarah Cohn. a widow, residing at
1450 O'Farrell street, was severely Injured
Sunday last by being thrown off a Oeary
streot car at the curve where the car
turnsfrom Point Lobos Into Fourth ave
nue. * Mrs. -Cohn was returning from
the park and was riding on the dummy.
When the. car, which was going at full
speed, suddenly turned tho curve tho lady
was pitched off, landing on top- of her
head on the hard roadway. She was re
moved to the French Hospital in an un
conscious condition. This is not the first
accident that has occurred at thia curve.
The Century Oil Company has pur
rhased from William T. Sesnon of San
Francisco forty acres of land in the Kern
field. It is described as the southwest
quarter of the southeast quarter of sec
tion 24, 28, 27. The price paid' was $4000.
Fell Off a Geary-Street Car.
Men who talk oil and hunt oil and sell oil
n.nd buy oil and oil lands are still talking of
the big deal In which Senator Bard turned over
to Ix>s Angeles capitalists 6066 acres that lie
owned In the heart of the great oil belt in Ven
t'.ira County. The syndicate paid $300,000 for
this tract of land, and besides gave the Senator
an Interest valued at JJO.OOO, but it Is not gen
erally known what this oil right cost Senator
Hard. He purchased the right in 1S77, accord
ing to the records, from J. P. Green, a promi
nent and wealthy lawyer of Philadelphia, who
had acquired, with Tom Scott, large holdings
In Vf ntura County, and the amount paid by the
Senator to tho 1'liiladelphlan, according to the
records, was exactly $K3 33. The Ventura man
held the land for exactly twenty-three years,
but it is plain that he did not hold In vain
when a comparison Is made between the pur
chase and the selling prices. As Colonel SeJIers
once remarked "There's millions In it!" This
applies to the oil business In California as well
an to other thtnes.
A Los Angeles paper tells how Senator
Bard has made money in oil lands as fol
lows:
Five wells have been drilled at San
Pedro. At Morena there are two com
panies at work with two others about to
begin. The ocean front, from the mouth
of the San Luis Rey River to La Costa,
has been leased to the New York OH
Company.
Track-laying Is reported to have begun
on the spur up Wills Canyon, In the Kern
River district. When that is completed
shipments will be largely increased.
Xhe Bakersfleld Callfornlan says that In
a number of instances in the- Kern River
field wells, which were not considered -to
b*» first-class, have been largely increased,
sometimes double, by reperforating.
The latest report of such result comes
from the Mount Diablo Company on 30
25-2$. No. 1 was recently perforated for
the third time. Previously it was inter
mittent, going from thirty to eighty bar
rels a day. but never more. After treat
ment, however, it yielded 140 barrels each
day for a week and has now settled down
to 130.
Over 71.000 shares of stock were sold on the
floor of the Los Angeles Oil Exchange yester
day, the second largest day's business in the
history of the local oil market. Of the 71,000
shares that - changed hands, the market value
of which was $S132 60, just 25,600 shares were
of listed stocks and 45,5<¥) of unlisted. Prices
still show a downward tendency, and while the
declines from day to day are small in the ag
gregate they have amounted to considerable.
Southern Consolidated now sells for almost
half the price at which It was once active.
The same Is true of "Wentlake, Uncle Sam and
many others. Conditions governing the actual
value of securities are sound enough, but they
are not Influential as market factors. In a
market that Is purely local, and where It 1b
possible to dispose of 100 shares at a time,
speculative values will always be easily
changed.
The Los Angeles Times of the 14th lnst.
had the following concerning transactions
in thtf Los Angeles Oil Exchange:
same district the Ojal Oil Company con
trols 1547 acres of oil land on Sulphur
Mountain. East of the Ojal property the
Santa Ana Oil Company is operating.
North of the Bard Company's prop
erty are ' the holdings of,* the
Santa Paula Oil Company. The* Capi
tal Crude Oil Company and the Leone
Oil Company are working In the district
several miles north of the town of New
hall and good wells have been struck still
farther east.
Many causes are making a greater de
mand for petroleum as fuel a certainty.
The London newspapers. In view of the
expected shortage of coal, are favoring
t{ie use of petroleum. The Petroleum Re
view, published in London, says that a
strike of miners means a slackening of
the supply of coal and, if the strikers are
Welsh miners, of steam coal. So many
uses have been found for petroleum that
it is difficult to instance conditions under
which it is not available for fuel. An
account was given in The Call some weeks
ago of the Russian method for utilizing
petroleum in smelting precious ores. The
California Powder Works has been burn
ing petroleum successfully for more than
a decade. The railways are continually
providing for greater consumption in their
locomotives. Factories are adopting it
largely in this city and at other Pacific
Coast points. At the shops of the South
ern Pacific Company at Ogden there was
recently Installed a 36-horsepowe.r Diesel
motor, by means of which it is expected
to supply power for the machine shops
through the use of crude California petro
leum. The great strike, of coal miners in
the East may be a factor In suggesting
extended use of petroleum for domestic
purposes.
Ernst A. Denicke, discussing ¦ in the
Mining and Scientific Press the uses of
California crude petroleum, describes its
application as fuel by the California Pow
der Works. It is used to make steam and
In the manufacture of chemicals for com
pounding dynamite. The oil is pumped
through an underground pipe from the
Union Oil Company's refinery abovo Ro
dt-o and is stored in receptacles made of
old glycerine tanks. These tanks have
one end cut out and are loosely closed
by a wooden top covered with burlap.
From here the oil is discharged to the
various furnaces at a head of about twen
ty-two feet. About 5 per cent of steam is
used to blow. Saving :s effected In both
price of fuel and in the amount of labor
needed. When the furnaces are once
lighted they need practically no attention,
except an occasional glance to see that
the proper flame is obtained. The boilers
are of the ordinary tubular make, four in
; number. The flame Is shot under them.
In a" great manufacturing concern in
this city, where 700 barrels of oil arc
burned per diem, the oil Is pumped from
steel storage tanks, each of lO/XW barrels
capacity, into two 3-lnch stand pipes by
two pumps. The boilers, numbering
thirty-two, are arranged in two rows,
facing each other, and the oil pipe from
the stand pipe runs along the front of
them. Kach stand pipe supplies a separ
ate row, but could supply both rows in
case of accident. At a distance of every
threo boilers these two | feed pipes are
connected with a cross-arm pipe, so that
in case an accident happens to • one of the
boilers thr«» of thorn can bc instantly cut
out without stopping the plant for a mo
ment. This alone is a great advantage
over a coal tiro, for it takes some time
to "pull" a bis Hre. The stand pipes,
pumps and feed pipes are all set up In
duplicate, so that an accident cannot stop
the plant. A network of firebrick set on
edge is laid directly upon tho grate bars,
and against this the oil flame is shot. If
anything should to the oil supply
this network can be removed and a coal
tire Btarted within twenty-five minutes,
Season of Activity in the Ventura Oil
Field — Much Money Was
Made by Senator
Bard.
English Journals Say It
May Largely Supplant
Foreign Coal.
MANIFOLD USES
AHE NOW FOUND
FOB PETROLEUM
6-3. 5-7. Al Roeenberg beat W. McGavir.
6-4.
Dick Erskln* beat Douglas Grant, 2-^.
4-6. 6-2, 6-3. 6-1. Dr. Philip beat Roy Reid
a three-set match, 6-0, 6-3, 7-5. Al Rosen
berff beat J. O'Brien. 4-6. 6-0. 6-L Drum
mend McGavln beat "W. Stauf. 6-2. 6-!.
Dr. Lane played several seta with Rosen
berg and lost, 6-1, 1-6. 3-6.
One of the best matches of the we*»X
was between Drummond McGavln and W.
B. Collier Jr. The score was 6-3. 6-3, 4-6,
6-3 In favor of McGavin.
Academicians Will Cast Ballot.
Th" regular meeting of the California
Academy of Sciences will be held to-mor
row evening at S o'clock. A large num
ber of candidates, wmo of whom were
propoF<--fi in April, are to be balloted for.
Besldei th* balloting ther* will bo a lec
ture by Mardo;i Manson. C. E., on "Some
Original Problems in California."
GUSSIE GOLDBERG WILL
LEAD A BETTER LIFE
£he Will Recover From the Effects of
the Carbolic Acid She Swal
lowed.
Gussle Goldberg, the your.?: woman who
tried to end her life by swallowing a dose
of carbolic acid in a rear room in the j
Laagham Cafe Friday night because she j
had quarreled with her lover, John EL •
Ullman. a commercial traveler, will not
die. Ph«» was pronounced out of danger !
by Dr. Badgalupf yesterday morning, and j
UHman. who had be^n nrrestol, was re
leased from custody by Captain Seymour.
Detective McMahon called upon the |
girl's father, who lives at 71 s * Shrader
street, and Induced him to promise to for
give her. as she was anxious to lead a
better life. At her father's request she
was removed from the Receiving Hospital r
to fft. L.uk<*'s Hospital yesterday after
roon ar.d after she has thoroughly recov
ered she will be taken home.
A Big Fleet of Salmon. Vessels, Coast
ers and Steamers Kakes Port.
Doric Sails for the
Orient.
The final act pertaininpr to the big naval
parade and Qreworks display of last Sat
urday night took place yesterday, when
the prizes nr.d Bear tlu^s were handed
over to the successful captains. To the
American t^hip Emily Reed wan given a
Bpedal prize ot S7o and a twenty-foot Hag;
to the British ship Melanope was given
the Jirst prize of $60 und a twenty-foot
f.ajr; to the German ship J. \\*. Wendt a
prize of $50 and a. twenty-foot flag, and to
the American bark Amy Turner a prize of
JiJ ar.d a twenty-foot Hag.
Captain Baker of the Emily Keetl ap
peared at the meeting in the Palace Hotel
with his hand in a sling. While firing olt
rockets one vt them exploded in his hand
he was terribly burned. Stiil he is
sutisiied with the result and half an hour
later the big Bear na£ was lloatintj from
the masthead of the Emily iieed. Cap
tain Reed certainly deserved his prize, as
tiie ship was beautifully decorateu and the
fact was due entirely to the master's
exertions.
A Big Fleet Arrives.
Many vessels of the cannery fleet, two
British shipa and a big lot of coasters all
made port vesterday morning. A fresh
northwest breeze was blowing and it
helped the vessels along. Among them
were the. Ferris S. Thompson, from Chig
nik Bay; the barkentlne Ruth, from
Nome; the steamer National ' City ; the
schooners i^»iance, J. ii. L<eeds, Five
Brothers, Nettie Sundborg, Bender Bros.,
Archie and Fontie and Daisy Rowe, and
the steamer Greenwood from lumber
ports; the schooner PrenntT, barks Agate.
Klectra and Undaunted, from Bristol Bay
with salmon; the British ship Aeamos,
from Hamburg, and the British bark ln
veramsy, from Swansea. AH of the fleet
had fair-weather passages.
Swam a Mils to Settle a Bet.
Frank Glenn of the German steamer
Bosnia swam a mile yesterday to win a
bet of seven pounds of tobacco. Frank
was a sailor on the British ship Melanope
In 1881 and a shipmate of his was a sailor
on the Antiope about the' fame year.
Yesterday they began arguing as to
whether the ship lyinj; outside the train
ing ship Marion was the Alelanope or the
Antiope. After the bet was made Glenn
decided to settle the question at once,
so, stripping off his clothes, he swam
down to the vessel In* dispute, lie called
for a rope and climbed aboard, delighted
to find himself in the right. lie wanted
to swim back to the Bosnia, but Captain
Green would not allow him, so a boat was
lowered and he was rowed back to his
ship. Glenn Is now the proud possessor
of seven pounds of good navy tobacco
worth to him about $1 50.
Seeking Eastern Work.
H. C. Tabrett, marine superintendent of
the Risdon Iron Works, has gone East in
search of some Government contracts.
Uncle Sam Is about to have built a num
ber of warships and the Hisdon intends
to get one or more of the Jobs if possible.
With that object in view Mr. Tabrett has
gone East and his friends expect to see
him come home with one or more con
tracts in his pocket. The Risdon is now
building a large dock at the rolling mills
and in the near future a big- ship building
plant will be established at South Sau
Francisco.
Boric Sails for the Orient.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Doric sailed for Hongkong via
Honolulu and Yokohama yesterday. She
was delayed an hour and a half In order
to take some dispatches from the Govern
ment to the officials In China. Among
those who went away on the vessel are:
Mrs. Jefferson Woudo, who goes to Japan;
Mr. and Mrs. "Walter Castle, who are en
route for Manila, on a pleasure trip; Mr.
and Mrs. J. P. Roberts of Shanghai, who
are returning: to their home after a trip
around the -world; Frank Gove. a promi
nent merchant of Shanghai, and his fam
ily: and Ibtrtal Middleton, who is also in
business In the Celestial empire.
May Flint to Be Sold.
United States Commissioner George E.
Morse was instructed by United States
District Judge de Haven yesterday to eell
the ship Mav Flint by auction and turn
the proceeds into court.
Water Front Notes.
Swayne & Hoyt have purchased the new
schooner Forest Home from C. A. Hooper
& Co. The purchase price is said to havp
been $52,000. Captain Coistrup was to have
taken the new vessel, but Captain McAr
thur will be her commander. Hooper &
Co. will build a sister ship to the Forest
Home, which Captain Coistrup will com
mand.
Swayne & Hoyt have also purchased the
German ship EbT.ezcr. now at Monte
vidio. The purchase price is said to have
been in the neighborhood of $30/K>0. The
Ebenezer was formerly the American ship
Jacob L. Ridgeway. She will take ner
old name again.
Uncle Sam has purchased the American
ship Cyrus Wakefleld. She will be lined
up as a horse transport and will be
equipped as was the Tacoma when that
vessel was carrying animals to the Phil
ippinr-s.
Captain P. A. Hanson has succeeded
Captain Wilson in command of the bark
entine W. H. Dimond.
George Homer, a laJ formerly in the
employ of Farnpworth & Ruggies. was
arrested yestf-rday and locked up in the
Harbor police station on a charge of ob
taining goods by false pretenses. He ia
said to have forged orders with which he
secured quantities of chewing gum from
Louis Saronl and Haas Bros.
Flags and Frizes Presented
to Winners in Naval
Parade.
The discharge of so many volunteers has
£rpic-ted the force of men at the Presidio
able to do guard duty, so that it has been
found necessary to return to Alcatraz tha
gi r.eral prisoners sent to the Presidio
from the island prison. They are desperate
men, serving Ions sentences^ and it was
cot considered safe to work them on th«»
reservation without an a4e<iuata gruurd.
A Fpfcial riif of 5ol 25 to Chicago has
been made for U»e discharged volunteers.
This rate is pu-»i only over the Haiua Fe
ei:<1 its connections. Trie BoMIe* is al
lowed but 4 cents a mile travel pay. ajid
by means <<T this cut is enabled to save a
few dollars.
Musician Andrews cf Company A,
Eighteenth Infantry. hj*J the symvuthy
ot every man ai ;ne jxjst tendorea him
vc£terday. He received tiie sad news mat
liis two brothers. George K. and William
L. Andrews, privates or' Battery O. First
Artillery, stajioned at Galveston. wore
ameng the- soldiers who lost their lives in
the KTeat storm.
Private Harry Boyd. Company C. Eight
eenth Infantry, died at thw general hospi
tal yesterday.
Hadji All. 'the oldest packer in the serv
ice ot Uncle £ani, received his discharge
yesterday. In 1S5€ the army officials dt
tcrrr.Ined to experiment with the camel
as a means of transporting' arir.v supplies.
Ajrents were sent tc Turkey to purchase
the animals, and employed Hadji All to
care for them. He brought them to this
country arid for a number of years cared
fcr them, until the experiment proved a
failure, the pationt little mule proving a
far better animal for pack trains. The
camols were sold in JV",6 at the Benicia.
Barracks. All in the meantime had
learned the ways of the burro and "took
on" as packer, serving in that capacity
vp to his discharge. He Is known the
length and breadth of the continent as
"Hi Jolly." and. was carried on the pay
rolls under that name. He received the
"nickname" from the soldiers v.ho served
¦*i-ith him. and the old Turk liked it better
than his own.
General Prisoners Returned
lo Alcatraz, Owing to
Lack of Guards.
Discharge of Volunteers Seduces the
Number of Available Men at the
Post — Special Hate for
Soldiers.
SENT FROM THE
PRESIDIO BACK
TO CONFINEMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900
40
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
\<cT2l'E CREDIT HOUSE" j
; * Six Steritt High \
| I if i
• Morris Easy Chair. j
: Where a Morris Chair is j
j there comfort is, in home j
• or office. Solid oak, well j
; stuffed cushions. Broad, ;
| sociable arms $3.75 I
; Morris Chairs in mahogany and ;
S carved oak, leather & silk velour. •
• And a special design, intended •
; for and called the 'Ladies Morris' j
; 52, to $»5. •
] Drapery Department j
] is full of bright, Orier-.tal colors; por- j
• tieres, couch covers, curtains. Make ;
; bright your home the dark, winter j
] days soon to come. ;
• We wart to make you comfortable. J
; CARPET DEPARTMENT j
; You will want a Fur Rug this win- j
J ter, whfn the mornings are cold. A i
• gray one; long, soft fur, 28 x 57 In. S
; regularly £2.50; $123 j
a I • ;
t I ree Le!i\er>". Oa-iar.J. Alemeja., Berkeley J
! M. FRIEDMAN & CO. ]
! Incorporate J) j
; 233-233-237 Post St. Open Evenings <
BADWAVS KEAUV HiaifF has rtood
ur.riva!e<J before the public for W year» as % '
Pain Remedy, it Instantly relieve! and quickly
curps a!l Coids. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, liheumatlsm. Neuralgia,
Headache, Totluiclie and all pains. Internal;/
tor Mftiaria and ail Bowd Faics. All Crureista.
I AID SUIT Huuotp I
1 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET. |
I LATEST STYLE |
FALL GARMENTS ! I
I Oup study to produce the most perfect- !§
§ fitting garment, elegantly finished, §
I at prices BELOW COMPETITION. §
I TAILORED SUITS, |
| &1O.OO. I
§ PURE WOOL BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, Eton effects, well made S
§ and finished, positive value $15.00 Our price JPIO.OD g
I $13. 5O. §
S GRAY, TAN, BROWN GOLFING SUITS, pure wool, the very latest £
8 perfect fitting, good value $18.50.... Our price $l~.oO. g
i . 5/5.00. 1
5 ¦ BLACK AND GRAY CAMELS HAIR TAILOR-MADE SUITS. §
6 satin revers, very stylish garments, real value $20.00 r'-'iV-'AV §
5 ># .• Our price J?lo.OO #
g HANDSOMELY BRAIDED TAILOR-MADE SUITS, exclusive R
$ style, elegantly made and finished, real value $.^ io. ......... g
y! " .-. .» Our price «!»—*». OO €?
§ NE WEST STYLE JACKETS. g
O BOX COATS, AUTOMOBILES. ETONS. PLAIN. STITCHED g
6 APPLIQUED AND BRAIDED. «
1 &5.OO TO $35.00. §
! LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S GOLF CAP£S AT STRICTLY §
I WHOLESALE PRICES. §
S ENTIRELY NEW STYLES, BICli COMBINATIONS. $100 TO $25.00. g
| NOVELTY SILK MAUASSE SKIRTS. 515.08, $17.59, $29.00, $22.50, $25.00. ! g
ADVEE'flSEMENTS.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
the new store \ jd^^N^ Ife* newsy notes of
and Its future jf t * ie new store
our new building with its five large floors- — \W!,M a^ t^ ie e^ evatorsare now in running order.
its broad aisles and spacious stairways— its four yifjWjk- 'tl^^^iTv^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^. t^ C *~ irSt oor xtur es are finished and in place —
large easy running elevators— its flood of day- /|M^^^^^Ll^^ : i?V^^^^^^^^^fe^ aI1 ready for the new £ ood s.
light and scientific ventilation — its waiting and j^l^^^^-^^^^^^i§a»3| J^^^^^^^^^ the - v are the handsomest and most modern fix-
writing rooms, check rooms and lavatories— is 'jlfjM. I jill/i tures in the countr >'.
the outcome of fair dealing with those who have 'WM \ i£j)S j new S oods are bcin S opened, marked and ar-
\ve solicit a continuance of your confidence Z/frMvi I B^5 bSS " ? E5rl * '8B|! IbSiS ! I the fourth floor is packed from the floor to the
and in return promise to give the most zealous Mfe LiBI I IB 1 :^ S 5=P S" \ ceilin £ with "Opened cases of new goods
study to the perfecting of our facilities for meeting- vf/f^^^^i^lfeSi^lLHl P I have yOU noticed the new windo^s— how roomy
we mean by this that every advantage we* can //wM^^^S^l^^^^^^^^^^^^^p^^^^n^^^"" ' how brilliantly they light up at night,
gain by bigger buying and bigger selling will go Wfl^^Spl^SS^^H^^BE^^S We sh ° uld bc m0Ved n0W > bllt avoidable
//////If] 1F J j £T7Vj JpTiiiriL ymlumi~:_- - ¦ • - --— — : j/^fr^ tu^at'to**-— -^^^ fe^ = *"WrW- — j^ ici\ 5 Uy CCJIILI dLCCC/* b KCpt lib L><ICK. •
our future is in your hands, we have no fear V'/fm f^^St^^ W^W^^^^^S^^k^JJ P art °* the cloak and Sllit fixtures %v erc mover! to
but that you will stand by us as loyally in the fu- '?'/% ?jgj|lS jj the second floor of the new building yesterday
ture as in the past— that the new store, with your \ W^MwfWi SjfflS^^M^^ 1 and the de P artmcnt is somewhat upset, but the
help, will be but another stepping stone in our - |l|tj!rtJK £0&$fe * lt^ e P" ces W *^ more t * ian make amends for any
onward and upward march. inconvenience you may b<? put to.
we are moving now. "~^~ "^^^-—s-^^^V^^^^ ?:'*-! , we are moving now. •
final cuts now===deeper than before=—for it's moving: time
the following urgent instructions were issued to each department manager last
week: "we have only a short time more in the old store — positively close out every-
thing possible now — we have new goods enough for the new store — therefore reduce
prices on present stocks — we prefer selling to moving— it saves expense." this
simply means additional savings to you, for the department managers have cut
deep — on many lines very deep, our counters and windows tell the story better
than we can here — fop seeing is believing, every department comes under the
edict, for we realize fully what a tremendous job it is to move a stock of such
magnitude, the new prices — coupled with your appreciation — will lighten the
moving burden, this week records the shortest prices on Hale's good goods in
our history — you know what that means — our loss now — means a saving later.
[Vdanger I
There is clanger for you. Tin: B
only way to avoid it is to keep ¦
your feet dry. It's in the scien- |
tifio construction of ja
¦ Shoes that enable^ you to avoid n
I $3'^Q ALWAYS. I
R SOLE AGENCY: , jjs
|5O THIRD STREET, I
I Second Shoe Store from Market, , 1
I SAN FRANCIrCO. «
H CATALOGUE READY. 0