CHARLES TV. CORNELL.
Realty Brokers to Celebrate.
The real estate brokers will do no bual
ness during the Admission day celebra
tion. The following agreement was signed
yesterday:
- We. the underaijrne<l real estate broker*,
agree to close our respective places of business
oil Monday anil Tuesday, September lf» and 11.
1500. In order that the coming celebration may
be fittingly observed by us:
Madison & Burke. Bovee. Toy & Sonnta*.
Eastern. EMridice & Co.. Baldwin & Hnwelt.
O. H. Umbsen & Co., nurnham Marsh Co..
McAtee Bnthers. A. J. Itich & Co., Boardman.
Hooper &. Co.. F. B. Surryline. Shalnwatd.
Buckbee & Co., BenJ. 51. Stern & Co.. Ashton
& Oardner. A. M. Sr*ck & Co.. CofYey. Hushes
& Herb^t. O. r». Baldwin & SV>n. Kllnn. Sander
sc? & C«.. Robert J. Mercer & Sons. Von Rheln
Real E.*tate Company. Landrv C. Dabin. Scott
& Harris. Hooker A L*nt. Thomas Ma?#e &
Sons. Davidson * I-*;gh. Center & Spader. 3.
H. Smith & Co.. Rivers Drotbers, T. P. Bloc
rt-.n R. T> Ollvef.
Three Parlors of the Garden. City "Will
Be Represented by Two Hun
dred Members.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 7.— San Jose's Native
Sons and Daughters will make a fine ap
pearance In the Admission day parade at
San Francisco. t The three parlors of this
city .will be represented In line by about
200 members, wearing natty uniforms and
escorted by a band. They will have two
immense floats. The first will be- an
artistic display of cured fruits, wmes,
champagnes and oils of Santa Clara Val
ley. The other will be an immense sea
shell, drawn by two white swans. At the
knurl of -the shell there Is an immensa
golden eagle. In the float will be seated
twenty Native - Daughters, dressed In
Jaunty yachting costumes. ,
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 7.— The Natlvo
Sons of the Golden West of this city left
this evening at 6 o'clock on a special train
for San Francisco to attend the semi
centennial Admission day celebration.
The train was gayly decorated and there
was a band aboard. Fruits and wine*
furnished by the Chamber of Commerce
and the Merchants' and Manufacturers'
Assoc'ation were carried in abundance.
About 2009 people from this section of the
State will attend the celebration.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Sept. 7.— The sale
of excursion tickets at this place was
quite large to-day. It is estimated that
about 3P0 will go on to-morrow's train for
San Francisco from this city, not Includ
ing the San Luis Military Band of six
teen pieces and the delegates of Los Osos
Parlor of Native Sons.
SAN JOSE NATIVES
SEND TWO FLOATS
TO THE CELEBRATION"
wa.<? one that was made enjoyable by
song, music and story from Ro"bert
Lloyd. William Osilshy. George Kendrick.
Syl Neuman. S. Hazel. James Frazer,
Frank W. Thompson. Morri3 Keenan.
Thoma3 Green. J. W Fisher. Dennis
Sheerin. H. W. Brown. Richard I.
AVh^eltr, Dave McLati^hlin. Richard
Hunt. Captain Jack Crawford, Ferris
Hartmnn, J. Dougherty. Oscar Franks.
F. Kckenroth. Ben Tarbox and others.
Mission Parlor No. SS has made exten
sive celebration arrangements. Its mem
bers are enthusiastic and say that Mission
J?«trJ«r'« Ahowins will rank with the best.
Halcyon Parlor will give a ball in the
social hall of the Alcazar v building to
night. This will be an invitational affair.
The Palace Hotel will be the scene of
two interesting events this afternoon.
Members of C'.ilifornia Parlor are
to pj?s*mble In the Maple Rooms at 1 p.
m. Presentation of special badges will
thon be made to Governor Gage, lieuten
ant Governor XtfT. General Shatter.
Grand President Rust and other special
guests. At 2 - S0 p. m.. in the parlors of
the hotel. Judge J. F. Sullivan will pre
sent to the Grand Parlor, on behajf of
the late Mrs. A. S. Townsend, a hand-
Fome American flag and a companion bear
flax. A speech of acceptance on behalf of
the Grand Parlor will be made by Grand
President Rust.
The officers cf the Governor's staff will
eivo a luncheon at the Palace Hotel In
honor cf Governor Gape on Monday after
noon, immediately following the parade.
Guests are to assemble at the rooms of
the T'nlon Lrapue Club as soon after the
parade as possible.
I'urinB the ceU-bratlon th*ri» will be
drilling by members of the Fire Depart
ment. One Pet of men will drill at the
tower, corner of Seventeenth and Channel
streets, and another pet will drill at tho
tow^r corner of Stockton and Francisco
streets.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 2?, Native Sons,
has appointed a committee to have charge
of its end of the fun durinp celebration
day?. Adolph Kberhart is thp chairman.
J. J. Harrington vice chairman,' T. C.
Conxny secretary and H. C. Pasquale
treasurer. Tho headquarters are at B'nai
H'rith Hall. The committee has arranged
the following projrramme for the days of
festivities: Saturday, gTand ball in the
evening; Sunday, entertainment and con
cert, strictly invitational; luncheon on
Monday after the parade, this for mem
bers only. After lunch the headquarters
will be open to receive visiting parlors
and R-J^sts. There will be dancing: during
the afternoon and evening. The parlor
has adopted a handsome badge and will
appear in a r.ent uniform In the parade.
San Francisco Parlor. "Old '4?." will
parade with a new banner, on the face
of which is the . c <r;l of statf>. To-ni^ht
the parlor will have a reception and en
tertainment in Washington-square Hall,
at the corner of I'nlon and Stockton
streets. To-morrow afternoon thrre will
be a concert In Washington sijuar^. nprvi-
Blte the hall, and during the afternoon
and evening the headquarters will be
open. AftT the parade on Monday therp
will ho a reception at h<\idcii;artprs. The
members will bo served with a Juneh .and
the rf-rrption will continue during the
Hftornoon. A baJl In the evening will
close the day. On Tuesdr.y there will be
an at home and in the evening an lnfor
inaj dance.
day afternoon In Snratopa Hall, and 1
the cveninp will p'.vp a ball.
Fremont Parlor. N. D. G. W., will hold
a recc-ptlcn from 2 u> «• o'clock on Tu>r
• in lint* with California Parlor, «N.' S.
G. \\\. and will assist in the reception
la that parlor'? fafcadfjuartcrs. Miss An
r.l» l$oukoi*lcy. a member of )!utna Vieta.
¦win represent the Golden State on Cali
fornia Parlor's float.
Oro Flno Parlor. N. P. G. W.. has con
j.Ir-tpfi all SLTT.ing: n}'-nts for the coming
celebration. Elks Hall, 223 gutter street,
is the tiarlor h?adQiiaru-is and will be
beautifully decorated ror the occasion.
On Saturday evening the parlor will hold
aii ir.fcrmal reception. On Sunday even
ing. September 9, a concert will be piven.
ano Invitations have been Issued for a
hop on Monday rvpninp. September 10.
Oro Fino was instituted' twelve years a?o
und ranks with the foremost of the par-
Sort In the State.
k iJu^na Vista Parlor. IC. D. G. W.. will
The parade will b« start e<l by a gun
fired from the naval brigade ship Marion
at K£G r>. m. sharp. All boats will as
srinble south of Harrison-strtct wharf
and win fall !n line in their respective
piaecf aft'T th? jrun fires.
The neccr,4 division will be composed of
gasoline pchocners. aiiior.g which will bc
the Ida A. Four Sisters, Jennie Grlff-n
and Mary C. S«am and gasoline laum-hfe.
two abreast, will make up the third
division. The fourth division will be rom
putw-d rf stcani schoor.ors and is to be
l»»rad<=<J by tlve Xoyo. Potot Arena and
Monticcllo. In the rifth division will be
the Mount Kd<n. Grace Karton, Gold.
Datir.tlefi?. Rf-eolute. Mary Garratt. Lead
er. T. C Watker. Sunfl, K. M. Smith and
On!s»>o. In thr fixth there will be the
Garden City. Amadcr. Sau?alito, Newark
and I'kiah.
In the ravel parade which is to move
to-night CcrKmodore L*-ale will he at the
head of the first division with the
Ft^amer Caroline. Then will follow in the
firrt division tugs abreast in the follow
ing crrfer: Port— Sea Queen. Union. Sea
King. P.eliance. Alert. Annie and little;
starboard— Vigilant. Relief, Monarch,
Itercue, Arr.ali and Milile. These tugs
will all have schooners in tow.
TO-DAY the parlor? of Native Sons
from The interior who arc; to join
la the prand celebration will com
mence to arrive from all directions.
The- f.rst of the contingent will be the
parlor from Cnico, due at the ferry at
6:15 o'clock this morning. Between that
hour and 7 o'clock in the evening the
following parlors axe seh^dulcd to arrive:
Arrowhead. Pan Diego. Santa I'auia. Ha
mor;a. MarvFville. Rainbow,, Placeryille.
P&nta Rofa. To-morrow the following
parlors are scheduled to arrive: Fr-^no.
Viealia. Yof-emite. Siicramtnto, Sf-a Point.
General Winn. Carquinez. ICicaslo and
Stockton. San llateo. Las Posit* s and
Glen E'Scn parlors will arrive before 9
o'clock Monday morning. Th«-se are the
only parlors of the arrival of which the
reception committee had atiy notice at 5
o'clock yesttr«lay afternoon. There are
many more to come during the days
named.
The affair, which was under the direc
tion of E. L. Head. J. J. Lennan, J. J.
McCarthy, J. G. Cox and P. J. Welneear.
Stanford Parlor commenced the cele
bration . last , night with a high jinks In
the banquet room of Golden Gate Hall.
It was a Spanish Jinks, the supper served
consisting of tamales. frijoles. enchila
das and other highly seasoned dishes,
served with mescal and .other refresh
ments not so ardent.
STANFORD PARLOR
HOLDS HIGH JINKS
All the fruit, which is very neatly put
up. Is most attractive &nd Is superior to
any that Is Imported. These boxes are
surrounded by Fresno oranges, the whole
resting at an Incline \>r\ a frame covered
with wine-colored cloth, and . brilliantly
illuminated with electric Jlghts. In addi
tion there Is a fine display of county
sweet wines— sherry, muscatel and 'he
like. The exhibit is an interesting one.
The members of Fresn> Parlor will come
to* this city to-morrow."
Fresno Parlor has opened Its exhibit of
the products of Fresno County -In its
headquarters, parlors 9 and 10 In the Lick
House. The exhibit consists of boxes of
dried fruits of that county placed ! side
by side tn rows. They include prunes.'
raisins, currants, peaches and figs.. Tha
pride of the Fresnoitea is a lot of Smyrna
figs, the first ever, successfully raised in
California.
EXHIBIT FROM FRESNO :
OF FRUIT. PRODUCTS
The banquet hall adjoining the main hall
has been converted into a forest of pinoj
from Sonoma County and under bowers
are numerous tables where icecream and
light refreshments are served to' U:p
guests. There was a programme • of
twelve numbers, with three extras, to the
latest music furnlsnetl by the Native
Sons* band. The function was under the
direction oJLthe following named: j Floor,
director, Dt\ Frank H. Cranz; assistant
floor director, John II. Dumbrell; floor
committee— Charles M. Wood,' Robert W.
Otto, Henry C. Hasselbaeh. Adolph Gude
hus, James H. Donohoe; reception com
mittee—William J. Koch, D. D. Gibbons,
George Stockwitz, J. R. Tyson. Earne3t
A. Duveneck, A. Ashman, J. Young. J.
H. Meyers. William P. Johnson. William
Behan; committee of arrangements—
Henry T. Sengstacken. George P. Hassel
bach, James B. Tyson. William L.- Good
win, Robert W. Otto.
the Native Sons and Fremont Parlor of
the Native Daughters in Saratoga Hall
was opened last night by a grand bali.
given by Sequoia Parlor, which was at
tended by as many a3 could find their
way into the hall. The decorations are in
electric effects, ferns and evergreens, and
the ceiling is a masa of small, prettily
shaped lanterns of many hues lighted by
electric lights.
JOHN K. AITKEN. VICE CHAIRMAN OF THE LITERARY COM
MITTEE. WHO WILL TURN THE LIGHT ON THE LITERARY EXER
CISES NEXT MONDAY.
G. H. S. Dryden.
CHAIRMAN G. H. S. DRYDEN OF THE FIREWORKS COMMITTEE
TVILL DIRECT THE ILLUMINATION OF THE HEAVENS FOR THE
NATIVE SONS AND THEIR GUESTS TO-NIGHT.
John R. Aitken.
SAN FRANCiSCO'S
FIRST CORONER
WILL PARTICIPATE
24.000 copies of the official bulletin of cele
bration events. Copies of the bulletin will
be distributed from headquarters, com
mercing to-day. The bulletin contains
much matter of interest to the Native
Sons and the public generally. A brief
history of the order and an outline of its
objects and purposes appear in an article,
from the pen of Grand President R. C.
Rust.
CHARLES W. CORNELL, who was
the first Coroner of San Francisco
and who danced at the first ball
given in this city to commemorate
the admission of California into the
Union, will take part In the semi-centen
nial celebration 'of that event. He will
be the guest of honor of Sunset Parlor
No. 26, N'. S. G. \\\, of Sacramento, and
will dance at the bail to be given in the
banquet hall of the Lick House on Mon
day evening.
Mr. Cornell now resides at Truckee, but
was formerly a resident of Sacramento,
where two of his granddaughters— MIes
"National Parlor 118" in large let f ers of
electric light in front of the entrance to
the Techau auditorium indicated to
strangers last night where this enterpris
ing subordinate of the Native Sons has
Its headquarters and where last night it
opened the celebration by giving an en
tertainment to its members anil ladles.
The hall, very artistically decorated, was
crowded and for the pleasure of those
assembled there were the following num
bers:
Overture, orchestra; remarks. F. J. Silver,
president Xatlonal Parlor: soprano solo. Miss
Daisy Keane; piano selections. Miss Irene Pal
mer; - Chinese lmpernonator. II. H. 'Walton:
recitation, selected. Miss Mary Frank Kafe;
violin solo. Miss Gladys Lahl; selections, L. A.
llufschmldt: basso solo, Willis Rhoades.
After the programme there was dancing
and Ice cream was served to the ladies.
Instead of spoons the guests were fur
nished with silver shovels, which each
lady was requested to keep as a souvenir.
It has a pin so that It may be worn in
place of a guest badge. The affair was
under direction of the 1900 committee, of
which II. K. Lllkendey Is chairman and
W. E. McCreery Is secretary. This parlor
will, receive at headquarters during th*
days of celebration.
s . . ¦•
SEQUOIA PARLOR'S
INITIAL GRAND BALL
The headquarters of Sequoia Parlor of
NATIONAL PARLOR'S
SHOVEL SOUVENIRS
Maud Hanly and Miss Frances Dorsey—
now live. lie arrived in San Francisco
September 17, 1S49, and became its first
Coroner and undertaker. He has one of
the invitations to the first Admission day
ball.
Mr. Cornell has many recollections of
the great fire which occurred in ' San
Francisco on December 24, 1S49. At this
fire an ensine that Martin Van Buren
had made to Irrigate his estate In New
York and which had bfen brought to Cal
ifornia to be used to pump out mines,
was used. Immediately after the fire San
Francisco's first fire company was organ
ized and amonr the li^st members was
Mr. Cornell. He is now S2 years old. but
as light-hearted and as gay as any youth.
Daniel T. Ryan.
John S. Partridge.
DANIEL. A. RYAN. CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE ON LITER
ARY EXERCISES, HAS PREPARED AN INTERESTING PROGRAMME
FOR MONDAY AND. WITH HIS COMMITTEE. WILL. WORK WONDER3
TO KEEP THE FESTIVITIES GAYLY MOVING. SECRETARY PART
RIDGE IS HIS RIGHT-HAND MAN IN THE GOOD WORK. AS DEPICT
ED ABOVE.
This parlor will parade about 200 strong.
It will have its own band and a striking
float planned by T. J. McGowan. an en
thusiastic member of the committee. The
Lyceum Theater at 310 O'Farrell street
has been secured by this parlor as its
headquarters. It will be elaborately dec
orated, and Groth's band will render
choice music during afternoons and even
ing's.
An Interesting feature of the parade will
be the represntation of an emigrant train
with scouts, packers and pack mules
<rcssirsr tho plains in '43. headed by Cap
tain "Jack" Crawford, the poet «cout and
late chief of scouts in tho United States
army.
Chairman Unwell of the invitation com
mittee requests participation in the events
of the celebration by all pioneers who by
reason of not b»-IonKirg to the Pioneer
Society may rot have received special in
vitations. All pioneers will be made wel
come at a reception to be given by the
Native Sons in N. S. G. W. Hall on Tues
day from 1 to 6 p. m. The local soe'ety of
Pioneers with the visiting pioneers will
marcb to the reception hall in a body.
The San Jose parlors will present two
elaborate floats In the parade. One will
be In the form of a pyramid and will be
composed of fruits, wines and olive oil
contributed by merchants, -packers and
t'ne Quito farm. A second float will be in
tho form of a shell with swans, and will
carry twenty Native Daughters of San
Jose Parlor costumed to represent various
mythological characters. It will be drawn
by four black horses.
The grounds at Fort Mason at the foot
of Van Ness avenue, -where the fireworks
will be set off. are ample to accommodate
the Immense concourse of people that will
attend tho display without crowding: and
all may have an unobstructed view. Cars
of the California, Hyde, Union, Fillmore,
Polk and Butter street lines will land* pas
sengers within a reasonable distance of
the grounds.
An erroneous Impression Is abroad In
some quarters that tho fireworks displays
have been obtained from the East. It is
worthy to note, however, that all of tho
llreworks purchased by the various com
mittees for the celebration are California
made and the product of the factory of a
local company. A display will be given
that will favorably compare with the
most elaborate Eastern productions at
much less cost, and all who will atend
will feel more than repaid for their time
I and trouble.
The bulletin committee has arranged for
r~^\ AN FRANCISCO is prepared to honor the fiftieth anniversary of the statehood of Calif or
\ nia. The city is adorned as it never zvas before in its history. The streets have been con-
V J verted into avenues of gay color and light. Market street is arched with thousands of elec
tric globes, ready to shed their brilliance in the darkness of the night. Miles of green
branches, twisted into ropes of brilliant green, stretch from pole to pole along the main thorough
fare of the cit\.
Standards of flags erected upon poles zcave for miles from the ferry to where Market street
fades into the sloping hills that lead to the Twin Peaks. Business-houses throughout the city are in
gay attire for the splendid carnival. The Stars and Stripes and the Bear Flag have companion
places of honor in the elaborate, beautiful adornment which patriotic citizens have given to the town.
Last night a 'merry throng was on the streets. A great mass of people moved slowly, laugh
ingly, gayly along the thoroughfares. There arc thousands of strangers in the city, draivn from
evety part of the State. They are here to join with San Franciscans in honoring an occasion which
•will be without parallel in their history and which it is not likeiy they will see again. They arc
here to share in the multitude of festivities which the Native Sons and scores of other organiza
tions have provided. Last night they received a suggestion of the magnificent decoration which
the city has made. In an instant a brilliant flash of light shot the full length of Market street.
Thousands of electric lights, red, white and blue, blazed upon a dead background of the night. The
scene zcas inspiring in its gorgcousness of color. A roar of admiration greeted it front the thou
sands of citizens and strangers who saw in the test which had been, made' something '-of what the
completion of effects zvill be.
To-day the fete will practically begin. Business men will close . their ¦ houses, men of all
classes will cease their labors and join in the carnival. San Francisco will give itself up to fes
tivity, and the fiftieth birthday of the State will be celebrated as no event zcas ever celebrated be
fore in the metropolis. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 100.
WELCOME NATIVE SONS
TODAY'S PROGRAMME. J
f. ¦ f,, k » . Launching, of the U. S. Monitor.: J
2-JC^4^5^ :^'--^a-I w y° min g ; at • the Union Iron Works, .?
¦ T^W'^SiS^ijLikMi^^3*-) 10:55 A M. " <}"f.^ -v'. : !St
¦ Reception of Visiting Parlors. , i^, „ f
; Promenade concert in nave of the
: jiS^^^^^^^^^ffl ' : Grand illumination of shipping,.::
'¦ f^?#*^ li i^§^^^^^^^:j fireworks and naval parade on bay, :
» 4^*^m~x-*:~:-:"I":"I"I-i--:"I":--:~:~5-^-:-j^--m-,4- .$. -r-i-1":-:-!":":--:-:-:-:-:--!-!-:";";-^!- •i"i"i->:^W»:"fr'^^"i":"i"M-i"H"H''H-^^ •CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SAN JOSE.
Sept. 7. — Nominations for the Senate in
those Senatorial districts where two coun-.
ties are apportioned were made by the
delegates to the Democratic Convention
to-<lav. In some Instances the counties
put off the nominations until the, Joint
County Convention in their respective sec
tions would meet. The first Senatorial j
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAN JOSE, Sept. 7.— The full text
of -the platform adopted to-day by Hie State Democratic Convention,
assembled in this city, is as follows:
WE, the representatives of the Democratic party of the State of California, assembled in State conven
tion, reaffirm our belief in the doctrines of the Democratic party enunciated in the Kansas City
platform, and announce the following declaration of principles:
PLEDGE TO THE STANDARD BEARERS.
WK glory In the. Kp!endtd ability snd unswerving Integrity
of our candidates for President and Vice President,
and W: pledge to William J. Uryan and Adlal E.
Stevenson our hearty; arid unceasing Fupport.
ASIATIC LABOR AND STRIKES ARBITRATION.
WK call attention to the Inconsistency of the Republican
party, which, while Imposing extravagant taxation up
on the maizes of the American people for the benefit
of the favored Interests, under the guise of protecting Ameri
can labor, is at the same time pursuing a policy which. If
successful, must result in bringing the American toller into
direct competition with millions of unasslmilatlve Aslaticn;
and we /avor the re-enactment and improvement of the Chi
nese exclusion act and the adoption of such laws as will ex
clude all Asiatic labor.
We are opposed to government by injunction; we denounce
the blacklist and favor arbitration as a means of settling dis
putes between corporations and their employes.
REDWOODS AND HYDRATJXIC MINING.
THE redwoods peculiar to California are disappearing un
• der the ax of the woodman at a rate which will soon ¦
leave none of these greatest of trees standing. We favcr
such legislation &¦ will preserve within State or national
porks a portion of these forests, and we commend the action
of our Representatives and Senators In Congress In savin*
from destruction the big trees of Calaveras Grove.
The rehabilitation of hydraulic mining In California
wherever the same can be permitted without injury to other
Interests or to the navigation of the waters of the State meets
our approval. We favor a fair and Just administration of
those laws on the subject which were enacted under Demo
cratic auspices and the prompt building of Impounding works
on the Yuba River In accordance with the report of the Cali
fornia Debris Commission known as the project of 1899, and
of similar works on the Hear. American and other streams
upon which mining Is carried on. In addition to existing ap
propriations we favor the appropriation by Congress and by
the Legislature of this State, in equal sums, of the amount
required to construct such Impounding works on the Tuba
River.
We lenounce the Republican party for ita failure to pass
the measure proposed in Congress having for its object ths
segregation of mineral lands contained In the various land
grants made to railroad companies, and pledge our candidates
for Congress to' use their utmost endeavors to procure the"
enactment of laws providing for the segregation of tuch lands.
.We favor suitable Federal appropriations for the Improve
ment of our rivers and Jiarbors.
We urge the Immediate addition of a broad national policy
for the construction of storage reservoirs by the national Gov
ernment to Bave for beneficial use the waters of the arid
regions, the same to be free for the use of the people forever.
STATE UNIVERSITY AND SCHOOLS.
WE fully recognize the importance of the great work '
that our State University Is doing toward lnteilectu.il
and industrial development. We appreciate also that
the demands upon that Institution have so affected Us Income
as to seriously threaten* Its efficiency. We therefore advocate
. a reasonable increase of the university revenues through the
action of our next. Legislature.
We aJso favor all necessary aid, and the required legisla
tion to harmonize our school system so "¦ as to meet the wants
of the people in the elementary as well as In the higher de
partments.
PRIMARY ELECTION LAW.
AT the coming election there will be submitted to the voters
of this State' for their approval an amendment to
the constitution authorizing the Legislature *to en.ict laws
relative to primary elections. This proposed amendment pro
vides that testa may be prescribed and authorizes tha Legu-
lature to apply the law to counties or cities, or cities and coun
ties, according !o the population, and to make It optional in
political subdivision? of lerser population. The amendment
¦will. If adopted, remove all objections urffed against 'ormer
primary laws and will empower the Legislature to enact a
' statute that will be at onoe constitutional and also adapted
to prevailing conditions. We therefore declare oursjlves In
favor of the adoption of this amendment and urse all Dem
ocratic voters to vote "Yes" upon the same. And we Instruct
, our. legislative nominees, if elected, to urge ana support the
enactment of such primary law.
INTEBESTS OF LABOR.
WE oppose the competition of prison labor with free
labor.' We favor the enactment of legislation pro
viding for an age limitation with reference to the em
ployment of youth and a suitable reduction of the hours of
labor of miners, and we insist upon adequate sanitary accom
modations for those who toil in the workshop. '
We pledge our nominees In every department of the munic
ipal and State government to the use of the Allied Printing
Trades Council label, as registered with the Secretary of State,
on all printing for State, municipal and political use.
We pledge our nominee! for the Legislature to oppose any
and all measures which may restrict or Interfere with tho
Individual rights of the citizen to quit his or her employ
ment at will. v.\. ,
We are opposed to th» levy or collection of road poll
taxes In the State of California.
RAILWAY COMMISSIONERS AND EQUALIZERS.
THE State Board of Railroad Commissioners, as at pres
ent organized, ha* utterly failed to accomplish the pur
pose of its creation. We denounce the action of this
board In falling to keep faith with the people, and also the
failure of the Republican party in two Sessions of the Legis
lature. In wh.ch It had a majority, to make necessary appro
priation for the prosecution of the litigation known as the
••grain rate cnaes," and we favor an amendment to the con-
Ftltutlon providing for the election at large of the members
of such board.
We condemn the manifest discrimination practiced by th-*
Republican party in favor of the property of railroad corpora
tions and favor an amendment to the constitution providing
for the election of the members of the State Board of Eauil
izatJon at large.
The growing commerce of our State requires the early com
pletion of the seawall and beltllne railroad on the harbor rront
of San Francisco and the abolition of all State tolls and a
material reduction of all other port charges. Our candidates
for the Legislature are hereby pledged to carry out this ixrtlcy
We denounce the action of the present Republican na
tional administration in refusing a right-of-way to the State
for the construction of the Tloga road through the Yosemite
National Tark.' . -
ROADS AND VOTING MACHINES.
WE favor appropriate legislation for the permanent Im
provement of 'our roads and highways.
We favor reforms in the law relating to the settle
ment of estates of decedents to lessen the expenses of admin
istration thereof.
We recommend the Legislature ¦ to favorably consider the
introduction of voting machines now in successful operation
In many States.
The fteml-centennlnl of California's admission to the Union
Is a ecn«3n of congratulation and rejoicing among our people
and for the renewal of our allegiance to those eternal prin
ciples of free government under which our splendid growth
and development have proceeded . and her future prosperity
and happiness guaranteed.
INVITATION.
WE cordially Invite good citizens. Irrespective of past po
litical associations differences, to unite with u»
for, pure, economical and constitutional government up
on the principles of a republic and not of an empire.
THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINEES FOR PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS.
PLATFORM OF CALIFORNIA DEMOCRACY.
DEMOCRATIC
CONVENTION
NOMINEES
FOR ELECTORS.
At Lance — Willnrd H. Stlm-
Bon of Lorn Anerlei.
At Lame J. H. Seavrell of
Mendoclno.
First District — John P.
Hnyn<*!« of Hnmboldt.
Second Dintrict — W. R. Ja
cobii of San Joaqnin.
Third District — Dr. XV. R.
Prather of Lake.
Fonrth District— William T.
Danreett of San Franclnco.
Fifth Dlntrlct Jnmei X.
Dlock of San Francisco.
Sixth District — T. A. Hice of
Vrntorn,
Seventh District — John A.
Cole of San Uernardlno.
FOB CONGRESSMEN.
Firnt Dintrfct J. P. I'nrra-
Iter of Msklyon.
Second Dintrlct — Jo V D.
Srtronl of Iliitto.
Third District T. Frank
Freeman of Glenn.
Fonrth Dlntrlct — R. Porter
A* lie of Nnn Frnnclnco.
Fifth District — J. II. Henry
of Santa Clara.
Sixth District — William
Graven of San Lain Obiapo.
Seventh District — \V. D.
(riclilun of Frcnno.
District, composed of the delegates from
Humboldt and Del Norte counties, organ
ized by the election of Judge E. W. Wilson
of Humboldt as chairman. The convention
then adjourned to meet at Eureka, on
September 19, at which time a candidate
for Senator will be chosen.
Ben I'. Taber of Placer was nominated
for the Senate in the Fif (M Senatorial
District, which comprises the counties of
El Dorado and Placer. A. S. Bosquit
called the meeting to order and was later
elected chairman. I. Levlson was chosen
secretary. Nominations for Senator be
ing In order, A. G. Read of Placer sub
mitted the name of Ben P. Taber. Dele
gaels Brye and Thompson made seconding
epeeches. Nominations were then closed
and the secretary was Instructed to cast
the ballot for Mr. Taber.
Senator E. W. Chapman having de
clined renomination. the following reso
lution was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That the course of Senator B. W.
Chapman in the State Senate haa met with
the cordial approval of all lovers of our State;
that we recognize in him a gentleman of in
tesritj- and a public nervant of ability and an
able champion of the mining: interests and a
true friend ot. the people. We regrret that his
private interests bo far induce him to retire
from public pervlre.
The following committee was appointed
under the purity of election law: S. J.
Pullen. J. W. Walsh. Berry Mitchell, A.
W. Kennison and F. E. Urye.
The Seventh Senatorial District, which
comprises Lake and Napa counties, will
hold Its convention within the next two
weeks. Dr. W. L. Prather of Lake, who Is
a Presidential Elector for the Third Con
gressional District, Is prominently named
for the office.
Judpe J. K." Alexander was nomirited
for the Senate ir. the Thirty-third Senato
rial District. Judge M. T. Doollng of Ran
Benito County .acted as chairman and
Jesse W. Bryan of Monterey was selected
as secretary.
Bradley V. Sargent of Salinas nominated
Judge Alexander, and Thomas J. Rlordan
of Salinas seconded the nomination. There
being no opposition the secretary was in
structed to cast the ballot. . The follow
ing delegates were appointed to act as a
purity committee: B. V. Sargent, J. \v.
Bryan, J. J. Kelly. P. E. Zabala and J.
J. Evans. The foregoing members have
also been empowered to fill any vacancy
which may occur by reason of death or
otherwise.
The Thirty-fifth Senatorial District,
which comprises Santa Barbara and Ven
tura counties, will select a candidate for
the Senate !n that district within a few
weeks. C. A. Storke and W, E. Shcpard
are prominently mentioned for the honor.
J. H. Boyd of San Bernardino was
chosen chairman of the Thirty-ninth Sen
atorial District convention which con
vened during the recess of the State con
vention. H. M. Barton acted as secretary.
An adjournment was then taken to Sep
tember 15, when a joint convention will
be called and a candidate for the State
Senate will be chosen. Dr. J. P. Booth
of The Needles and H. M. Barton of Riv
erside are mentioned as candidates.
The secretary was il'rected to cast tho
vote of the convention for t».e nominee,
his selection being thus unanimous. la
response to calls Mr. Ashe came forward
ana was greeted with cheers. He ex
pressed his appreciation of the honor be
stowed upon him and .promised his un
awerving allegiance to the Democratic or
ganization.
William T. Baggett of San Francisco
wan nominated for Presidential Elector
Sydney Van Wyck placed the nomlnee'3
name "before the convention and Assem
blyman Wardell seconded the nomina
tion. There being no opposition to Mr.
Bacpett he was elected to represent hN
district on the ticket by unanimous vote.
Congress in the Fourth Congres
sional District Convention amid great en
thusiasm. As soon as Temporary Chair
man Curtis HlUyer called the delegates
to order Sydney Van Wyck made a mo
tion to make the temporary officers the
permanent officers of «.he convention. Tho
motion prevailed.
Hull McClaughry, In nominating Mr.
Ashe, paid him a high tribute. R. P.
Troy and Samuel Braunhart seconded the
nomination.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell of Ean Francisco,
who intends to run independently for
Congress, was at thf convention, but his
name was not mentioned.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SAX
JOSE. Sept. .7.— R. Porter Ashe of
San Francisco was nominated for
BAGGETT AND ASHE
NOMINEES IN THE FOURTH
As announced In The Call. Dr. W. L.
Prather of Lake County was nominated
for Presidential Elector. His name was
placed before the convention b;,' Burdette
Cornell and seconded by Warren English.
There being no further nominations they
were declared closed and Dr. Prather
was elected by acclamation. 'He made a
speech of acceptance which won him an
ovation. • -i
Chairman Mann called the convention
to order at noon and after rollcall nomin
ations for Congressman were declared in
order. Mr. Luttrell in the interest of
harmony submitted Mr. Freeman's name
to the convention. There were seconding
speeches by J. Aubrey Jonrs an<l others.
On motion of O. C Bryant nominations
were declared closed and Mr. Freeman
was declared elected the nominee for the
district. In a short speech the success
ful candidate thanked the uelepratea.
choice for Congress in the Thirl
Congressional District. He was nominated
for the office without opposition, much to
the surprise of the delegates themselves.
Hiram Luttrell of Alameda, who sought
the nomination, withdrew from the fight
and placed Mr. Freeman's name before
the convention.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAN
JOSE. Sept. 7.— J. Frank Freeman
of Glenn County was the unanimous
Judge J. P. Haynes of Eureka was cho
sen Presidential elector by acclamation.
A committee of five to conform with the
purity of elections law and a Congres
sional committee to fill vacancies were
also chosen before the' adjournment.
PRATHEB AND FREEMAN
IN THE THIRD DISTRICT
comment In the First Congressional
District at its session this morning \y
withdrawing from tho Congressional fight
and placing J. F. Farraher of Yreka in
nomination for Congress. Theodore Bell
seconded the nomination. There being no
other candidates in the field. Chairman J.
E. Barber of Shasta ordered the secretary,
E. J. Mullen, to cast the ballot for the
nominee. Mr. Farraher was then called
before the convention and was heartily
cheered. He thanked the delegates for
the honor bestowed upon him.
CALL HEADQtfABTEItS, SAN
JOSE, Sept. 7. — The results of the five
district conventions that were held
to-day are given beloV:
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAN JOSE.
Sept. 7.— Emmet Seawell of Sonoma
bounty created a deal of surprise and
District Conventions
Meet and Select the
Candidates Who Will
Head the Party Ticket.
Allender Grills De Vries.
"If De Vrles ever voted for a law that
would Impose taxation without repre-
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAN
JOSE. Sept. 7.— The storm In
voked by "Shuffling: Sammle"
Braunhart and Iroquois Pop
per broke forth in the Demo
cratic convention this morning
Just as ex-Senator White hart
finished reading the platform
and the resolutions, which,
among other things, gave praise to for
mer Congressman de Vrles.
C. L. Russell of Tulare was on his feet
before "White had well finished his read
ing. "I want to know," he said, "If those
resolutions are a part of the platform?"
The chairman explained that they wer»
not part of the platform, but they were
part of the report of the resolutions com
mittee, and Senator White's motion, after
reading the report, had been that the re
port be adopted.
"Then I move to strlks out that resolu
tion referring: to Marion de Vrles." said
Russell, and at once there were yells and
shouts and seconds from all parts of the
house. Jesse Bryan was the most promi
nent second heard in the hall and he wa«
recognized. He declared that De Vries
had violated his trust as a Democrat in
voting for the Porto Rican tariff Mil, and
that therefore he was unworthy of any in
dorsement by the convention.
Caminetti to the Defense.
At that, amid the yells that followed.
Caminetti strode down the side aisle from
the back of the auditorium where he was
seated, his finger pointed threateningly at
the chairman, and his voice vociferously
demanding the floor. "I move to lay that
motion on the table," he shouted. Thero
were shouts of "No! No!" "Question:*
and cries of derision and encouragement
from all over the house, but CanaJnetti
held his ground and demanded that nut
motion be put.
"He has betrayed his party." Russell
shouted. "He haa sold his vote for a
Job." And then there were more hoot*
and yells. Then Allender of Los An
geles, while the chairman was deliberat
ing Just what effect Camlnetti's motion
would have on the question, moved tho
previous question. It was evidently un
popular, however, for now the fight wa*
on, the delegates seemed determined to
have It out to tho finish.
"Don't urge that motion," said Fitzger
ald from the stage to Allender. who stood
Just below him. "Let them discuss the
mattlr. It will be better." And in all tho
{¦houting and talking that was going on
the motion was forgotten, and Camlnettl
was recognized and allowed to speak.
Denies the Accusation.
"I deny that Marion de Vries was ever"
untrue to his party." Caminetti becan.
i "Then why Md he take office under ile-
Kinley?" interrupted some one.
"It Is true he voted for the Porto Rican
tariff bill." continued Caminetti. Ignoring
the Interruption. "It is true he voted
against what some Democrats believe to
be against Democratic principles "
"Yes, and he pot an office for it." shout
ed Bowden, who sat near.
" And aft.->r the Democrats had de
cided that they would oppose the bill."
Caminetti went on, "De Vrles stayed with
his party. I am sure the Democrats in
Congress are not opposed to him. And
then, too, the office was due to a Demo
crat, and De Vrles had the recommenda
tions of James K. Jones, the chairman of
the National Committee, th* leader of the
minority In the House and all the Sen
ators, and so the place was secured un
der the recommendations of leading Dem
ocrats. What they can afford to do the
Democratic State Convention in Califor
nia can afford to do. The position had to
ro to a Democrat. The President did se
lect one. but his appointment was not
confirmed, and De Vries was then recom
mended. Do you say now thev did wrong?
And are you going to throw down the Pa
cific Coast In this matter? Are you Rcing
to denounce them? His own district has
adopted Just such a resolution as this, and
• I believe it Is hut Just and right that the
I convention should adopt this one."
Jones Objects.
Jones of Alameda then got the floor. It
was a question not of the actions of a
Congressman, he said, but of the consist
ency of Democracy. He continued:
Wben E>e Vrtes was called on to «pUin he
said he recognized that the Porto Rican affair
was hut a president for what would be done In
the case of the Philippine*. You must not
overlook tM» question of consistency, for if
you do the oppoalt'on will take every conceiv
able advantage of the situation and they will
have us en the hip. '.i- ' -
A half-dozen would-be speakers arose
In anticipation of Jones' closing, and as
he sought his seat they all claimed the
floor. It was given to Frank II. Gould.
He said:
I have known Marlon de Vrlea. I
harp brrn hi* friend nml he hn«
brrn mine, anil I know well the
worklnR* of hi* mind. So when
any one nay* he voted a* he did to
nrrnrr an office. It I* nn a»*ertlon I
rannot Ntaml In thin convention. If
there l» i* more honent, more no-*
riultt. more hl^h-mlmlrd Demoernt
than Mnrlon de Vrlea, I would like
to Ree him here.
Then Denman tried to smooth matters
by explaining that the resolution -was not
part of the platform anyway, but was a
separate and a friendly resolution, but he «
was stopped by the recognition of Al-^
lender. Allender apologized for having
moved the previous question sr» early In
the trouble, and then he proceeded to grill
De Vries.
Caminetti and Other Stanch
Friends Come to the
Defense and Deny
That He Is Not Honest.
Bitter Words Are Uttered by
the Opponents of De
Vries on the Resolu
tion of Indorsement.
Stanford's Registration.
Special DlFpntrh to The Call.
The registration tip to date Is HIS stu
dents, of which 340 are new. While the
total for the opening of the year in
greater than that of last year by forty
live students, the incoming class Is not
so large. This Is accounted for by the
limit which has been put upon the num
ber of women students at the university,
as there are more men than ever before.
Convention Deemed "Su
perior" by Phelan Is a
Lesson in Manipula
tion by Braw McNab.
Precis! Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTER^ SAN
JOSE. Sept. :.— The Pomo
rratic State Convention of 1903
has passed Into history. Th«
convention adjourned this
afternoon, and the delegates
h.ister.ed to the outsrilr.g
trains. At on* time to-day
the convention was on ths
vrrpp of an i:p!y fipht. but wise counsels
and a ftror? prase of Justice prevailed
over petty hatreds, hence the harmonies
of the meeting were preserved.
The first sign of the threatened con
flJct Tras observed last nijrht at the ses-
Finn of the platform committee, when
Supervisor Braunhart and Max Popper
ohjPCted to a resolution enmmondins: the
public pervires of Marion do Vrfes. The
point was raised that the convention pro
posed to adopt a platform denouncinfr the
Porto Rioan tariff bill, and that tho reso
lutions soupht to commend the poi'tlcal
course of a man who voted t*i favor of
the bill. Braunhart. who Is neither intel
lectual nor crat^ful. was offensive In his
larjruatr** and Insinuations. It is pre-
Fum^d I5raunhart wanted to do *ome
ihir.p: to commend himself to Hearst and
I > h<'lan when he sought to misrepresent
Be Vries on the Porto Rican bill. No
doubt the purpose in view was accom
plished, and Phelan may extend further
favors to "little Sammie."
It is known to leading Democrats of
<";.::forn!a that Senator Stephen iX.
M'hito on more than one occasion prior
to J«?3 helpf-d Rraunhart politically. At
the last rr-cular session of the Legisla
ture it was supposed that White would
recrive Praunhart's support on a com
mon basU cf political pratitude. but. to
the surprise of everybody. "Shuffling
Sammi."' turned about and cast his vote
for Phelan for T.'nlted States Senator.
Phelan. to express his own appreciation
of Braunharfs Ingratitude to White, ap
pointed th*» State Senator to a seat !n the
Board of Supervisors. It is p^ri^rally said
:hat Rraunhart was appointed to "fill" a
vacancy, but this cannot bo correct. A
vacancy mipht b«= "cr*»atf»d" by the ap
polntment of a Eraunhart. but It could
rot be thus "filled."
When the De Vrles resolution r.t In
dorsement was presented E»nunhart saw
a chance to serve Hearst and. presum
ably, an opportunity to pratify Pholan.
T!io motives which prompted Iroquois
Popper to po on the warpath apain=t De
Vri. -s are not clearly outlined, as Popper
is not a blind worshiper of Hearst nor a
j*ersistf>nt seeker after Phclan - s favor.
In order to allay personal prejudices and
remove all cause for introducing an He
mont of bitter controversy in the main
convention, the De Vrles resolution of in
unrsemr-nt was modified by the platform
committee and submitted to the conven
tion as a paragraph simply commending
>Mm as a Democrat and congratulating the
country upon his appointment to the Fed
fT.il service
When the report of th<» platform com
mittee was submitted this afternoon a
Vigorous tut unmanly effort was put for
ward to reject the committee's report re
lative to De Vrirs. The delegates were in
no tpmprr to listen to the vaporlngs of
the envious, and so cut the debate short
by pustainingr the previous question and
rejecting, by a large majority, the propo
Fition to exclude the words of commenda
tion.
Gavin McNab's mastery of the Demo
cratic organization was clearly demon
strated in all proceedings from start to
linish. In- no sen?e is McXab a brutal
bos?. While he cave free rein to the con
vention's • admiration for ex-Senator
White, he permitted Phelan to speak for
a few minutes on the «>ve of adjournment.
His toleration of Braunhart is Inexplic
able, but a political organization, perhaps,
requires in extreme cases the sen-Ices of
the discredited and unworthy.
In point of deportment the convention
which has just finished Its labors' was
above the average Democratic gathering.
It was an exclusive convention in that the
common, ordinary voting Democrats, who
comprise fcur-flfths of the party, were ex
cluded from any voice in the election of
district delegations. ,'-'_
The Fupcriority of the convention in
point of personal appearance elicited the
admiration of Phr-lan. In his brief speech
he Invited hi3 hearers to contrast the
present with prior assemblages of tho
rarty. Working Democrats may not join
Phelan in exalting the kid-glove Democ
racy, but all the voters are not connois
seurs. Many of the delegates of this su
perior convention hold Tit offices and
many others, if not all of the rest, live in
expectation of official emoluments. Hetice
they are arrayed In "purple and fine
linen." Contentment and aspiration are
blended.
An event of the convention season here
was the gallant and successful fight which
Senator R. Porter Ashe. made for the
Congressional nomination in the Fourth
District. Herein Gavin McN'ab displayed
keen political judfjment. While he was
not a supporter of Senator Ashe he had
the capacity to perceive that the bestowal
of the honor on a young and progressive
candidate would not Injure the organiza
tion. He reflected no doubt that the Re
publicans would win and that Senator
Ashe was young enough to outgrow a
political reverse.
Mention in the Democratic , evening
press that Mayor Phelan gave his consent
to several nominations afforded infinite
umusement to the delegates. Few per
sons other than the clerks of the Hotel
Vendome knew that Phelan was In town.
His first and only appearance on the
Ftage of the convention took place en the
rve of adjournment. He came forward
on his own motion to indorse Hesrst's
scheme for organizing clubs, otherwise
he would not have been heard from or
heard of.
Why a Resolution Com
mending the Former
Congressman Is Modi
fied by the Delegates.
CREATURES AND TIMESERVERS OF
THE PHELAN BELITTLE DE VRIES
SPITE PROMPTS UNSEEMLY ACTION
IN THE DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION
SHUFFLING SAMMY AND IROQUOIS
POPPER IN UNENVIABLE ROLES
THE SAN FRA-NCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1000.
Continued on Page Three.
CANDIDATES NAMED
FOE STATE SENATE
2
THIS RESOLUTION
IS THE CAUSE OF
THE BIG ROW
We congratulate Hon. Ma
rlon da Vrles upon nla ap
pointment to a responsible po
sition In the United State*
Government, and favor hi*
confirmation by the Senate of
the United State* for the of
fice to Trblch he haa been se
lected. Aa Congressman from
this State, he nan vigilant, ln
dnatrlona and able.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Taks Laxative Brorrio Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls tocure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25cWe heartily approve the work of the Na
tional Association of Democratic Clubs, which
under the presidency of William R. Hearst has
stimulated a healthy Interest in party organiza
tion and wilt thus gene to make party succeaa
James D. Phelan followed with another
resolution/which was also adopted. It
was a? follows:
Resolved, That we hereby express
our unqualified approbation of that
course as in thorough accord with the
purest principles of Democracy anil
in the highest degree typical of th»
most enlightened statesmanship anil
loftiest patriotism. •
Having followed the course of the
Hon. Stephen M. White during his
six years' term in the Senate of the
United States and knowing the meas
ures which he has advocated and
those which he has opposed,
Arthur Sewall of Maine, our Vice Presidential
candidate In 1S36. arid we extend our condolence
and sympathy to his bereaved family.
We congratulate the Hon. Marion
de Vries upon his appointment to a
responsible position in the United
States Government and favor his con
firmation by the Senate of the United
States for the office to which he has
been selected. As a Congressman
from this State he was vigilant, in
dustrious and able.
As the platform was read each plank
was greeted with applause, and the whole
platform was cheered. The De Vries reso
lution caused trouble. at once, for C. L.
Russell moved to strike it out of the re
port. Then came the flpht as narrated.
D. M. Delmas came forward while the
delegates were cooling off afjain and sub
mitted the following resolution, which was
adopted by a rising- vote:
"We deetily deplore the death of the Hon.
as a committee to fill vacancies, arvd thev are
hereby authorized to fill any vacancies" that
may occur in the list of nominations for offi
cers to be voted for at the next election by
reason of the failure of this convention to
make such nomination or by reason of death,
resignation or otherwise.
Resolved. That the executive committee of
the Democratic State Central Committee of
California be and they are hereby aoucimed
Resolved, That the chairman of this conven
tion be and he Is hereby authorized and di
rected to appoint a purity committee as re
quired by the laws of this State.
Resolved. That we gratefully acknowledge th°
splendid support of Democratic principles and
candidates being given by the Democratic and
independent press generally, and particularly
the three great metropolitan Journals, "The
San Francisco Examiner," "The New York
Journal" an4"The Chicago American."
the platform and then the following
resolutions:
SENATOR WHITE then came on the
stage to. report for the committee on
platform and resolutions. He read
WHITE REPORTS
FOR THE COMMITTEE
ON RESOLUTIONS
of the committee on platform and resolu
tions, the reports of the Congressional dis
trict" were called for. They were all sub
mitted and the nominations were all rati
fied.
A FEW OF THE UNTERRIFIED AT SAN JOSE.
WHAT THE CALL'S CARTOONIST SAW IN THE GARDEN CITY,
FERNDALE. Sept. 7.— An aedc^ut oc
curred to-day at the Femdale Fair in th«
finish of a hurdle race, in which George
I.add cf Oregon sustained fatal Injuries.
He had ridden the course to the last
hurdle when his horse fell, throwing him
to the ground and striking him on tho
head cs it rose to Its feet. He is still
alive, but cannot recover.
ACCIDENT AT FERNDALE FAIB.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Continued From Page Two.
tions for electors at large would be
in order. This brought Frank H. Gould
to the stage. He said:
I desire to present the name of the Hon. J.
H. Seawell of Mendoclno. His life in this
State, both personal and political, had been the
speech I would make to-day had that life not
already spoken. He was born in Missouri and
came here when a boy and located In Califor
nia In Xapa County. When he rose to man's
estate he was sent to the Senate of the State
of California, and his record there Is open to
any man who runs and may read. High as the
redwoods of his native State, and as straight
in his character, I take pleasure In sub
mitting his narr.» to you.
There was great enthusiasm over
Gould's short speech, and Seawell's name
was received with cheers.
D. M. Delmas then rose, and at once,
the whisper went round that White, had
at last appeared in the field. Delmas
spoke very briefly. He said: : .*.;
I nominate the man whose name has so often
been upon my lips during this conventtcn. I
nominate Stephen II. White. The name is Its
own eulogy. The record of this man la not
only part of the record of the Democratic
party of this State, but is part of the record
of the Democratic party ot this nation. I
cculd pour forth his praises, but the convention
is drawing to a close, so I conclude by a sim
ple reiteration of the name of that favored
son of the Democracy of the Hon.
Stephen M. White.
Cheers greeted the remarks of Mr. Del
mas.
Theodore Fell, District Attorney of
Napa County, took the platform and In a
speech that brought cheers of enthusiasm'
seconded the nomination of Seawell. and
Bowden moved to dose the nominations.
He was interrupted by White, however,
who came forward to decline his nomin
ation and to name in his place WlUard. H.
Stimson of Los AngeleA. White said:
Whatever I have* done has been done for the
benefit of the party. I thank the fcentiemen
who have showered encomiums upon me, but
I can only say I am not worth them. And I
suggest that I be permitted to withdraw from
this contest, and I ansure you that no sug
gestion 1 could make as a candidate will be
omitted when I am not a candidate. I have
made up my mind that If I am worthy of your
eonflJence you will let me substitute Mr. W!l
lard H. Stimson of Los .Angeles Instead of my
self. If it be thought that I can be cf any
aid 1'can play rr.y rart In this great strussle
wlfhrut an electoral nomination, and. having
some Judsment in these matters from experi
ence, I ask that ray name tx? withdrawn and
that you will allow me to substitute the name
of the man to whom. In my Judgment, your
allegiance should be given.
Earl Rogers of Los Anjceles was quick
to take up the word and he started a
rattling speech for Stimson.
Jacobs moved the nominations be closed
and that the secretary cast the ballot, and
this was done.
The following purity committee for the
State Centra] Committee was named;
AFTER the passage of the resolutions
indorsing former Senator White the
chairman announced that nomina-
ELECTORS AT LARGE
ARE CHOSEN AND THE
CONVENTION ADJOURNS
BLOCK AND HENRY
IN THE FIFTH DISTRICT
CALL. HKADQT'ARTERS. SAX JOSE.
Sept. 7.— The Fifth Congressional
District Convention was held at 11
o'clock. James H. Henry of Santa
Clara was nominated for Congressman by
acclamation, and James N. Block of San
Francisco was named a? candidate for
Presidential Elector, also by acclamation.
The chairman of the meeting was Nich
olas Bowden, and Victor A. Schiller was
secretary. D. M. Delmas made the nom
inating speech for J. H. Henry and
Thomas E. Curran and Peter Kelly of
San Francisco made speeches seconding
the nomination./ Mr. Henry thanked the
delegates for the nomination.
Emil Pohli of San Francisco made the
speech nominating James N. Block for
elector. The chairman was authorized '.r,
appoint a purity of elections committee.
He will announce his appointments within
more certain. TVe call upon all citizens to en
roll themselves in Democratic cluba and to send
del^cates to the club convention called for
October 3, 1WO, at In-iianapolls.
.Tames D. Phelan of San Francisco. M. F.
Tarpey of Alameda, Nicholas Bowden of
Santa Clara. J. C. Sims of Sonoma and
Louis T. Samuels of San Francisco.
Tarpey submitted a resolution of thanks
to the people of San Jose and it3 commit
tee cf arrangements and other commit-
te*s for the hospitality shown the dele
gates, ¦which was passed with a whoop.
Popper submitted a resolution thanking
the chairman and other officers of the
convention for the manner in which they
had handled it? business, and Steve Whito
«eccnded the resolution and put it and saw
it carried.
That ended the business. A dozen aspir
ing delegates sousrht the honor of maklnsr
the motion to adjourn sine die. One of
them was made happy, and then, as It
was nearly 3 o'clock, the delegB.te3
trooped out of the place, some bent on
dinner, some running for the train to get
home, and all glad it was over and con
pratulatlnsr themselves on the character
of the session.
«entat:cr. he win never g-et my vote," was
lt c burden of Allender's words.
Ther. Warren D. English of Alameda
had his say, but he did not help matters.
"De Vries voted under a misapprehen
f! r.." he started to say. but hoots of de
rision drowned his words. "De Vries was
young," he continued, when the delegates
vould let him proceed, "and he may have
XTiade iriist s.ices, as every one else made)
rr.:st.ax*rs. If he has made mistakes, let us
forgive him," pleaded English, but there
were shouts of "No! no!"
TV. R. Jacobs of Stockton then had his
say.
"Are you opposed to De Vries' confirma
tion?" he asked. "Has it been shown
that Marion <ie Vries has sold his honor
ar.d betrayed his party for a paltrj- of
fice? I say, no! He would not sell him
self for ar.y office In this country. Don't
condemn him until you know whether or
not he has voted for that Porto Rican
tariff."
Sacra.rnea.to Scoffs at the South.
Then one of the Sacramento delegates
cj>oke fervently in favor of ;he resolution,
c<r riding the south for being more willing
ar.d abie in the criticism of the northern
Congressmen than they are In electing
Democrats In their own districts. He de-
FCribed the Second District as being a
pure Democratic district *o far as the
Congressman was concerned, even when
rh«; head of the ticket went Republican.
£nd he said Marion de Vries was the man
who made that possible. "Every Demo
crat in the district loves him!" the dele
paie shouted, "and every Democrat in the
district knows him. And I warn you It
Is unfair, it it unjust, to treat him as you
are treating him. Don't misuse the men
¦who fight your battlec."
Frank Allen of Alameda rose to say
that he could not consistently support any
man ajralr.?t whom such charges had been
nade, when the charges were uncontra
c!c,tr-d and unexplained.
Louis de F. Bart'.ett of San Francisco
ti ied to iret in the previous question afraln.
tut he failed and Waters got the floor.
He pleaded for peace, ar.d the convention
was wining to cheer for peace, but it was
not willlr.p to have It in all Its blissful
worttj- until the De Vries resolution had
b<-en dis'v^ed of.
Victory for D» Vries.
A San Joaquin delegate took the floor
lone enough to explain that while Do
Vrlea had voted with the bill in the first
place he had finally voted against it, but
ho could not set any further than that,
for the venerable Jasper McDonald again
!:r'>uf?ht up the previous question, and
this time it was considered and carried.
The motion to strike out the De Vries
resolution was then r>ut. There was a
¦wave of ayes and an ocean of noes, and
the chair" decided that the resolution
fhould remain in the report. Then Steve
White's notion to adopt the report of the
cimm itt«-« ttm read was r>'it and carried
ar«i the Incident was eaded.
It hart t>ern suggested that, in the Inter
,.c[j of harmony, the resolution included
in the report of the proceedings of the
Second Congressional District Convention.
a resolution similar to the one submitted
bv the platform committee, be withdrawn,
a-d when White's motion had been car
ried the chairman of the Second District
delegation announced that the re?o5utlon
TvouJd not be part of the delegation's re
pcrt. .
OPENING AND HEPOET
OF TEE COIIMITTEE
ON CREDENTIALS
Call headqi:arters. sax
JOSE. Sept. ".— Ti-.e convention was
over half an hour late in coming to
order in the rnorruns?. but there was
pood exewe. The committee on platform
was not ready and S ? e\p White sent tv.o
r&Bg Into the convention hnll to bring his
?~,fr. together. The rornmittee on cre-
•-• ntlnis was short a number of names t«j
th» end of its report r.ad I3owdcn had to
gather the belated one* on the stage to
E'.t therp to 5!jm.
Then the Seventh D ! «ltict -was still shy
«»r: Elector, who was due to be chosen at
S o'clock, but S o'clock saw no meeting.
Cries of "Archer: Archer!" brought
Judge Archer of San Jose to the stage.
Judge Archer is a Democrat of the eld
school. He has been a Democrat, ne
mid. for sixty years, and he has been in
evf-ry campaign since 1840: but, he said,
the questions to be solved during the next
campnfjrn were the most serious that had
ever arisen. Continuing. Judge Archer
camp.Tred the two candidates. McKinley
and Bryan, much to the delight of the
convention, end he dt-elured that if Bryan
were elected he would rank as a President
even with Thomas Jefferson.
After some juggling: with the order of
business owing to the delay in the report
Tcu say you would conquer them for their
Own if'iod. I say, that has* been th» doctrine
of e«rj tyrant and despot that ever ruled.
Wh'> made you the Judges? Hid you ever see
a kins who did n",t Bay. VI rule my people for
their own good." and then did run make of
himself a supreme jud*e of what was their
j*oo<1?
Rush v.-ound up witb a stirring piea for
Democrats to stand together.
opened apain. Rush announced that
he had found a Republican in the house,
and he felt like asking him what right
he thought his party had. in the Philip
pines. He raid:
I want to ask you what moral right you have
in trie Philippine Islands? I will not quibble
vr. whether cr not we a-rf-ed to share the re-
Ettlti nf Om war. I enly know that every shot
they fired was for our benefit and in our de
fcnKC. Then ait«r the treaty of peace came
ar.d as- conquerors we had th<> ripht to dic
tate terms. Did we do that? No. We actually
iaM to our vanquished foe UO.000,009. And
why? That we might wrine It out of an op
r-res«ed ryv~r,le who have done U3 no harm.
Do you believe In the constitution of the
United State? and that it provides a fvern
ment that may t«> changori at any time by the
consent of the people? And you," my Republi
can friends, do you dare tvlieve we can say
to tfiat people, '-TrilE constitution will rule in
cur land, b'jt not in j-oura?"
RKPKATED calls for Rush of Los An
geles brought that gentleman upon
the stage when the convention
¦*
RUSH OF THE SOUTH
MAKES A FEW REMABXS
ON THE CAMPAIGN
The report of the committee was adopt
ed as read and then the committee on
permanent organization and order of
business was called upon. The report
namc-d the temporary officers as perma
nent officers, pubmittei an order of busi
r,p?s as published in The Call this morn
iv.g and included a /evolution ratifying
the present State Central Committee ji
the Democratic party, of California.
The •ommittfo on platform v/ns not
ready to report, so on motion the con
vention took a recess vi half an hour and
the Congressional delegations took advan
tage of the time to come together and
wind up their business.
That we recommend that In the Thirty-first.
Thirty-fojrth and Thirty-seventh Assembly
Committee cf San Francisco and certified to
this convention by the chairman ar.d Fecre
tary th»r»?pf r.re entitled to seats in this
ccnvention from s.iid Thirty-first. Thirty-fourth
and Thirty-Seventh Assembly districts.
That we further recemmend that Alameda
Cttraty is entltied to but th'.rty-six delegate*.
ar.d thnt the forty-one del^«rate« elected from
Fail ounty art- entitled to Beats in this con
reotlon, but that said delegation be allowed but
thirty-six votes.
That the only contests filed or Irregularities
rer^rted were from Alaiwda and Tuba coun
ties and from the Thirty-first. Thirty-fourth
and Thirty-seventh Assembly districts in th«
city and county of San FVanci^co. That we
commended that the following delegates be de
clared entitled to seats '.n this convention from
Yuba- County: William L. Lo-wery. D. P. Dona
hue, d. w. Stratton. E. P. McDanlel. J. P.
Lydon and C. A. Andros. but that J. P. Lydon
and C. A. Andros be entitled to but half a vote
each.
That we have examined the credentials filed
•with eg and report that the rollcall hereto an
nexed and made a part of this report contains
the names of the ixts jns who are entitled to
seatE in. this convention.
The Seventh District Convention was
late, too.
The Hawaiian quartet opened the pro
ceeding's with some cr.mpaigrn sonprs and
then Chairman Kltzgre'-ald called for the
report of the committee on credentials.
The report was as follows:
To the Chairman and DelepatPS of th« Demo
cratic State Convention — Gentlemen: Your
committee en credentials beg lea.ve to submit
th" followinr rervort:
CLOSING SCENES AT THE DEMOCRATIC STATE CONVENTION
BERLIN*. Sept. 7.— The Berlin censor
ship has forbidden the prediction of "Die
Strengen Herren" ("Stern Masters"), a
comedy by Blumenthal and Kadelber?,
which was to have been performed at the
Berliner Theater, on account of It3 sar
castic references to the Lex Heinz.
"Stern Masters" Suppressed.
Yolo County's Tax Levy
S;-^!?.: Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Sept. 7.— The Tolo Cour.ty
•-7X levy will be $i 35 on each JlW cf as-
Eessable property. The State levy Is 10.3
crr.-> less than that cf last yen.r. but the
county levy Is hijrher. so that the actual
decrease is about 5 cents. The grand total
il property in the county la?t year was
Jlv2;:.r-2T and this year it Is JInSCI.CSS an
increase of $43,759. The total value of
county property, railroads excluded. w&«
JlS.i::-,*:. last year and fl5.37S.?7S this year.
cr an Increase of KC?.O*?. but this Is nearly
offset by a reduction of iro?.3» in the raii
road assessment by the State Board of
Equalization.
Monday, September 17—6 a. m.. prayer meet
ing, W by Rev. H. B. Heaeock; 8 a. m.. Pen-
Ucostal meeting; 9 ."a. n».. v cenference session:
1 p m., conference Fesslcn; 7:30 p. m.. Church
Extension anniversary. Rev. E. P. Dennett
presiding; address by Secretary J. M. King.
Sunday. September 16—6 a. m., prayer meet
ing, led by Rev. C. E. V.'innintr; 9 a. m.. con
ference love feast, led by Dr. K. R. Dllle: 10:30
a. m., sermen by Bishop J. W. Hamilton: 12
m.. crdination of deacon?: 1:30 p. m., Pente
costal meeting, led by Rev.- Joseph H. Smith:
2:30 p. m., ordination of elders and consecra
tion of deaconesses : 3iS0 p. m.. memorial ser
vices. Rev. A. T. Xeedham in charge : 6:30 p.
m., Epworth Leai^up devotional meeting, led
by G*or?:e D. Kellogs; 7:30 p. m., twentieth
c*ntury forward movement rally: addresses by
Revs. E. R. V.-illis. A. C. Eane. E. R. Dllle.
Saturday. September 13 — 6 a. m.. prayer meet
lr.p. led by Dr. W. S. Urmy; S a. m.. Pente
costal meeting; 9 a. m.. conference session: 2
p. m.. Freedman'i" Aid Society anniversary;
T:CO p. m.. twentieth century educational meet
ir.ir: addresses by Judge J. R. Lewis ("Neces
sity for Denominational College^'), J. O.
Hestwood; Dr. Ell Modish: Dr. II. B.. Kea
cork ("Our Educational Emergency and How
to Meet It").
Friday. September 14— * a- nv. prayer meet
ing, led fcy Rev. Solomon Kinsey; S a. m.. Pen
tpoosta! meetlntf; 9 a. m.. conference se?s!on;
2:3' 1 p, m.. laymen's Association anniversary.
C. C Lombard president; addresses by T. B.
Hutchinson C'MothodiFm of the Twentieth
Century") Rev. Geonre Clifford ("Our Super
annuates"). Rev. S. P. HutslnpJller ("Meas
ures and Margins of the Twentteth Century
Movement").
p. m., "1901" League rally, Rev. SI. S. Alex
ander presiding; addresses by Bishop Hamilton
and others. . . .
LOS AXOELE?. Sept. 7.— Deciduous fruit
shipments from California to eastern points so
far this peason show a falling off nf 223 car
loads a.« compared with th^ same period last
year. t*p to last Monday th<? shipments this
WASHINGTON. Sept. 7.— Mr. Trac«>wetl.
Comptroller of the Treasury, has held
that the duties of the position cf Marine
Meteorologist at the Mare Island navy
yard are such as might be properly re
quired of an officer of the navy, and thr.t
such officer, after retirement, when calleii
into active service in time of war. 13 not
entitled to additional compensation for
performing such duties. It is further held
that a retired officer of the navy not in
active service Is entitled to extra com
pensation for performing the duties of th«;
position of Marine Meteorologist at the
Marp Island navy-yard when appointed to
said position.
Service Denned by Comptroller
Trace-well.
rut;es of Certain Officers in the Nava]
Tuesday's and possibly Wednesday's
programme will consist of continuous ses
sions of the conference to close the year's
business.
COMPENSATION OF THE
MARINE METEOROLOGIST
WHILE ATTEMPTING TO
SHOOT A DEER THE LEDGE
ON WHICH HUNTSMAN BEN
HAM STOOD GAVE WAY.
PRECIPITATING HIM DOWN
THE MOUNTAIN SIDE. HIS
RIFLE WAS DISCHARGED AND
HE RECEIVED A DEATH
WOUND.
J. H. Benham was a native of Califor- i
r.ia. 31 years o!d. In 1S91 he was married J
to Ella Bagley and leaves two children. I
They arrived at Stony Ford at 11 o'clock I
at night, and during all this time the J
wounded man never lost consciousness.
He knew there was no hope for his re- I
covery, but bore up bravely. The patient !
suffered all night and at 5 o'clock in the i
morning breathed his last. His body was '
brought to Williams on Wednesday and J
the funeral took placo on Thursday after
noon.
rived In camp just at this juncture,
mounted a mule and started down the
trail at a breakneck sp<=ed. It took seven
lens hours for the party to go from Stony
Ford to the P<x:ket, and Rathbun covered
the distance between the two points In
one hour and twenty minutes. He tele
phoned to Dr. Deroskr at Maxwell and to
S. H. Callin at William?, who notified the
wounded man's wife. The doctor reached
Benham at 3 o'clock in the morning. The
wife; accompanied by her brothers, Tim
and Dan Barley— arrived shortly after
ward. The party was Increased later by
the arrival of numerous mountaineers.
and at 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning
twenty-three 1 men on horseback started
down the eighteen-mile trail to Stony
Ford. Benham was placed on a litter.
which •was carried by four men, and all
took turns relieving one another on the
trail. Mrs. Benham. attired In overalls,
rode just behind with the doctor.
WILLIAMS, Sept. 7.— Full details
cf the tragic accident which re
sulted in the death of J. H.
Benham while on a hunting
trip on Eel River early this
'. week emphasize the remarkable fortitude
I displayed by the huntsman. After re had
¦ received his death wound Ber.ham rode
i eighteen miles on a mule, over a rough
I mountain trail, and he bore up with such
i rare bravery that his comrades could but
I marvel at Ms pluck.
I On Sunday morr.ing a party of four,
I consisting of Benham. J. E. Rathbun, A.
: C. Mayfleld and Albert Tenke. left Wil
1 litres cr Bloody Rock, on Eel River, on a
! hunting expedition. They had five mules
i and drove to Stony Ford, where they left
; the wagon ar.d packed over the trial. The
: following afternoon they arrived at the
' Pocket, just over the summit, and as they
I had se*-n several deer coming up the trail
I they concluded to camp for the night.
j The mules were unpacked and a hasty
• lunch prepared, after wnich the hunters
¦ set out in quest of game.
Joe Benham crossed over a canyon a
j half mile from camp and had climbed al-
I most to the top on the opposite side, when
! his hounds mn a large buck out of the
brush. He braced himself again;t a small
] manzanita bush and was in the act of tlr
i ing. when the bush gave way and he fell
J down a steep slide about forty yards.
! His gun slipped from his hand and was
' discharged. The ball, a 3S-55 caliber, en
i U're-i his abdomen, passed upward and
! came out on the right shoulder.
The wounded man crawled back up the
incline and yelled for help. lie could not
' get a response and again slM down the
mountain to where his gun was. and fired
the weapon until the magazine was
i empty.
Albert Henke was the first to reach the
wounded man, and in compliance with his
I request left on the double-quick for wa
j ter. A. C. Mayfield arrived on the spot
soon afterward.
"Beys, it's all off with me; send for my
wife," said Benham to his comrades.
Mayfield went to camp and returned
I with three mules. The wounded man was
¦ assisted to the back of one of the ani
j mals and without any support whatever
; rode a half mile through the brush to
j camp. He was very weak at the end of
the ride and -was assisted to a hastily im-
I provise-d bed. J. E. Rathbun, who ar-
Special D1*ratch to The Call,
JESSE T. SUTTOX.
After Mrs. Clasby's testimony was fin
ished, the court was again thrown open
to the public. The ten-year-old daughter
of the prisoner was sworn and testified
concerning the intimacy of Clasby and
Mrs. Sutton. She said she had been
warned by Clasby that he would t>eat her
to death if she ever revealed what she
knew. This closed the taking of testi
mony.
In an interview to-night Mrs. Sutton,
who is a comely woman of about 25 years,
said:
"I am very sorry on account of my dear
children that this awful, awful thing has
happened. My husband has always been
very jealous of me— in fact, madly so, but
I think the matter could all have b<-en ar
ranged without trouble, had It not been
for the talk of people on the outside. I
will say. however, that Mr. Clasby was a
good man and has been a gocd. true
friend to me at times when I needed
friendship the most."
. Sutton still refuses to make any state
ment.
COLUSA, Sept. 7.— The preliminary ex
amination of Jesse T. Sutton. charged
with the murder of John Clasby,
which occurred at Arbuekle on Sep
tember 1, took place In Justice Bish
op's court at Arbuekle this afternoon. The
defendant was held without bonds to an
swer before the Superior Court.
The first witness for the prosecution
was ex-Judge WVM. Holloway. Said he:
"I was a witness to the homicide last
Saturday, which caused the death of Con
stable Clasby. I was sitting on my wheel
at the edge of the sidewalk, talking to
Sutton. I saw Clasby come up the street
and go into the postoffiee. and I also no
ticed that Sutton kept his hand jn his
right coat poclcet and seemed nervous and
excited. When Clasby came out of the
office, and just as he was about three feet
past Sutton, the latter stepped toward
him, drew his gun and, with a demand I
could not understand, fired. Clasby turned.
picked up a stool and, taking a few steps
forward, fell into the drug store, where
he expired."
Dr. J. P. Cole, sworn, said he was In his
office in the rear of the drug store when
the shot was fired.
. "I immediately ran to where the man
had fallen and assisted In carrying him
to a rear room. Later I .assisted in the
search of the dead man's clothes and
found no weapon."
Mrs. S. A. Jones testified that she saw-
Mr. Clasby going toward the postoffice
and saw Sutton shoot him. She heard
Sutton sav "You are a dead man" Just as
he fired the shot.
When the prosecution closed, the attor
ney for the defendant called Mrs. Clasby.
widow of the deceased, to the stand, and
on his request the courtroom was cleared.
She told of having accused her husband
of intimacy with Mrs. Sutton. She told
him that if she ever caught him with the
woman she would kill him. She had
watched the Sutton house three nights
with a shotgun, intending to kill him if
she caught him coming out.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
JESSE T. SUTTON
HELD FOR MURDER
Must Answer in Superior Court
for the Killing of Clasby
at Arbuekle.
HANFORD. Sept. ?.— For upward of two
years the waters of the San Joaqu'.n and
Kern rivers have been utilized for sen
eratins electricity, which !s transmitted
over heavy wires to Fresno, Hanford.
Vlsalla. Bakersfleld and other towns In
the San Joaquin Valley to supply light
and power. When this system of procur
ing electric force was first Instituted the
project was looked upon more In the light
of an experiment than otherwise, but Its
successful operation at a comparatively
light expense, and the ever Increasing de
mand for the "juice," as the current Is
called, among consumers In this valley
have caused the eyes of capitalists to turn
toward the frowning canyons of the Sier
ras. Within the past few days a com
pany ha3 been formed In this City to un
dertake the supplying cf electricity to San
Francisco and large towns throughout the
State.
The company, which la known as the
Mammoth Electric Company, has filed on
sufficient water rights In the upper
reaches of the San Joaquin River to truar
antee a development of 55.000 horsepower
at the lowest, s-tace of water. A flum*
twelve miles in iensrth will be constructed
to the point whrre the power-house Is to
be erected, and the fall of 2100 feet thus
obtained will insure a constant source of
pow;r not equaled anywhere west of the
Rocky Mountains.
It Is estimated that the cost of Installing
the enormous plant required will amount
to upward of SC.SOO.OOO. and the company
will be capitalized for a larsre sum.
The members of the company atc: H. G.
Lacey. O. UJ Lacey, R. C. Lac v. S. E.
Eiddle. J. E. Rnwllns. J. S. Robertson and
K Kauntzc of Ilanford. and J. S. East
wood, a civil f ngrir.eer. of Fresno. Th»
Messrs, LOSS? ere already heavily Inter
ested in € tneSan Joarpiln Electric Power
Company, wljkh supplies light and power
to Hanfortf and Fresr.o artel which, though
operate! fln l "**tiH!ch smaller scale than is
rrorostd ay 'th? new corporation, is a pay
ire* institution.
The getflern.?r. interested =rate that tho
wortsot iransmittinp the electric current
to San Francisco will soon be under way.
One of the principal objects of the com
pany la to furnish power In a wholesale
manner to the large power companies of
San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
Promoters of the Enterprise Propoa a
to Supply More Than Fifty Thou
sand Horse-Power at Lowest
Stag© of the Water.
the Bay.
Wire to the Cities Around
Electric Current Will Be Conveyed bj
New Company to Utilize tne
Headwaters ol the San
Joaquin.
POWER FOR SAN
FRANCISCO FROM
THE HIGH SIERRA
It is expected by members of this con
ference thst this year's session will be
longer than for several previous years,
as measures of grave importance to the
church are to be presented and acted
upon, and it is certain that a larger num
ber will be in attendance for the opening
session than for many years previously.
Elaborate preparations for the housing
of the ministers have been made and
everything will be in readiness for their
arrival on Monday or Tuesday, preceding
the opening day. the 12th. Dr. Thomas
Filben, superintendent of Pacific Grove,
has charge of the entertainment of the
visitors and is doing his utmost to mike
their stay comfortable.
The official programme for the confer
ence has just been announced and will be
as follows, subject, however, to some un
important modifications:
Tuesday, September 11—7:30 j\ m., address on
"The Twentieth Century Movement" by Bishop
Hamilton.
Wednesday. September 12—6 a. m., prayer
meeting; 9 a. m., opening of conference; 2 to
3:30 p. m.. Ladies' Aid Society anniversary;
3:4'. p. m., W. H. M. Society anniversary; 7:30
p. m., Missionary Society anniversary. Dr. W.
C. Evans (Stockton) presiding; address by
Secretary H. K. Carroll.
Thursday, September 13 — 6 a. m., prayer
meeting, led by Rev. J. W. Bryant; S a. in..
Pentecostal meeting, conducted by Rev. Joseph
II. Smith: 9 a. m., conference session; ! to 3
p. m.. missionary yermon by Rev. R. c. Wenlc;
3:13 p. m.. \V. F. M. Society anniversary; 7:3!)
This point alone is enough to stir the
members of the conference, for the uncer
tainty with which they always go to con
ference is greatly increased by the new
law. Rev. John Stephens of Simpson Me
morial Church and Dr. W. S. L'rmy of the
First Church are the San Francisco pas
tors who are affected by the change, both
being at the end of their fifth year and
likely to return for the sixth if the
Bishop so wills.
This conference will be remarkable in
the annals of Methodism for many rea
sons, but chief among these are two:
First, the presiding ofllcer will be one of
the "two newly elected bishops— Dr. John
\V. Hamilton, who is to be resident Bishop
of California— and this Is the first annual
conference over which he has been called
to preside in the episcopal character. Sec
ond, the removal of the time limit for
pastorates, that heretofore cardinal prin
ciple of Methodism, which was passed at
the recent Genera! Conference in Chi
cago, is to be put into practice for the
nrst time in this State.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 7.— The Califor
nia annual M. K. Conference, which is to
open in the Assembly Hall in this city
next week, probably will hs one of the
most important sratherir.grs of Methodists
ever held on the Pacific Coast, and is
looked forward to with extraordinary in
terest by clergy and laity alike.
Social Di?:atch to The Call
Removal of Time Limit for Pastor
ates Is to Go Into Effect for the
First Time in This
Measures of Grave ; Importance to the
-Church to Come Up for
Consideration.
California Annual Confer
ence Will Have Large
Attendance.
PACIFIC GROVE
TO BE INVADED
BY METHODISTS
Police, Aided by Native Trackers and
Bloodhounds, Start in Pursuit
of tlie Bloodthirsty
Marauders.
¦ ?•
Special DS-^atch to The CalL
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 7.— The steamer
"vvsrrimoo. which arrived this morning
from Aiatralia via Honolulu, brought
news of a series cf rr.aFsacres by th»
blacks of New South WaJes. The 'police
¦were in pursuit of some who had com-
P*tt»Q several Qeadlsh crimes and mur
dered nearly a dozes persons before the
etepner sailed. The crirr.es had caused
w.(,esprea.a excitement ar.d terror.
The nrst massacre was reported from
Berelongr. Mr. JIav.bey had left his home
to go to a. near-by village and the women
and children were Alone. Bl.icks came to
the bouse and battered in the doors with
their tomahawks. The women and chil
dren fied and nearly all were hewed down
in ccld blood as they ran. The killed
•were Mrs. Mawbey. Hilda Maw be j-. Percy
Mawbey, Miss Kerz, Elsie Clarke and
Grace Mawbey. Some of the victims'
heads were severed from their bodies. .
Two days later the same blacks went
to the home ot" Alexander McCay and
pp.'it Ma skull with tomahawks. " Then
they called to Mrs. McCay to come out of
the house. She and a grirl came out. and
on seeing the advancing blacks fled in and
barricaded the doer. As she ran a toma
hawk was thrown and It badly wounded
b?r.
The blacks battered down th*» door and
then told Mrs. McKay that If she would
come out they would not further molest
her. She end the grirl came out and the
invaders entered and robbed the house
The same cay they entered a house five
cr six relies nay ar.d killed Mrs. O'Brien
¦with a rifle and battered out the brains
of her Infant child. They then continued
their way inro the bush. poSngr north
A bip p~=se of police, aided by native
trackers and bloodhounds, has started in
pursuit. They are going to Port Stephens,
¦where the aborigines have retreats. The
Inspector of New South Wales police says
Jr. his report it would be difficult to exajr
fr^rate the condition into which the dis
trict has b«n thrown. Homesteads and
occupations have been abanccnM ani
wotaen are crowding: into the town sites
for protection.
Reign of Terror Continues
in the Antipodean
Colony,
Savages Comziit a Dozen Murders and
Mutilate the Bodies of
Victims.
MASSACRES BY
BLACKS IN NEW
SOUTH WALES
Huntsman Benham, Wounded
Unto Death, Travels Eighteen
Miles on a Mule.
REMARKABLE RIDE
OF A DYING MAN
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.
3
ADVERTISEMZKTa
EACLESONcSCO.
Shirts
And Men's
Furnishing Goods.
A very large stock to select from
of all the Latest .Novelties.
. ¦ v
RELIABLE GOODS.
FACTORY PRICES.
748 and 759 MARKET STREET,
Bet. Kearny and Grant Ave.
242 MONTGOMERY STREET.
N. S. G. W.
1 EMBLEMATIC CARDS 75c per 100, i
t For Sale at 5G4 Post St., S
i Around the ccrner fresa X. S. O. W. ¥
1 building. V;ALL four teams cf the California
League will disport themselves at
Recreation Park during the next
four days. There will be plenty of
life and excitement for the fans from alt
over the State and rooters from the
league cities will vie with one another
in encouraging their pet aggregations.
By the time the last game is played there
may be a radical change in the standing
of the teams, as two contests have been
scheduled for the afternoons of Sunday,
Monday and Tues-iay.
The sport will commence at 1:30 o'clock.
Each tpam will piay against every other
team. This arrangement brings the Sac
ramentos and Stocktons face to face for
the first time on the local grounds. This
game, which is to be played Tuesday af
ternoon, will 1 no doubt attract a grpat
deal of attention, but no little interest
will be centered In the contest Sunday
afternoon between tlie Friscos and Sac
ramentos, who have just finished a series.
As each of the teams is to play throe
jrames it Is possible for the Friscos to
close In on the champions. The present
standing of the teams is:
The Oakland and Stockton teams are
scheduled for the game this afternoon,
which is to begin at jue regular hour — 3
o'clock. Since the Stocktons last ap
peared hore they ha\*e secured a now
man in the person of Martin McQuaid,
who was a crack fielder In the old dayp
of the Haight-street grounds. He has
been playing fast ball in Eastern minor
leagues. The Oakland's long-awaited
catcher, Pete Lohman, arrived the other
day, but, he will not appear in the games
this week, as he is nursing a broken
fincer.
"Umpire Donahue has been shelved by
acting President Bert for retiring from
the diamond at Stockton last week. Ho
quit the game because the crowd jeered
him. The veteran ball player and um
pire, Hughey Smith, »has been engaged to
fill the vacancy.
The line-up for the game to-day Is as
follows: t
Stockton Positions Oakland.
K&Ker Catcher Mangerlna
Whalen Pitcher Borchers
Etreib First base Hutchlnson
Courtney Becond base Arrellanea
Moore Thl rd base Kane
Babbitt Shortstop Francks
McCarthy Left field Bowman
McGucken Center field Drennan
McQuald Right field Held
ALL OP THE LEAGUE TEAMS WILL PLAY IN A
FOUR DAYS' POTPOURRI OF BASEBALL GAMES
Sturdy Oarsmen V/i'il 5traan Every Muscle to
Win the Championships of 1900,
TKB*chan»plonship rowing regatta, to take place to-morrow under the Joint
management of the Pacific Association and the semi-centennial celebration
committee of the Native Sons, le being eagerly looked forward to as the
m'et Interesting that has taken place on San Francisco Bay for many years.
The r-ouTfie is from the hay wharf near the South End boathouse, three
quarters of a mile souih to a point near the Arctic. Oil Works and return. The
,<m p c e t fur riartlne the first race is 10 o'clock. The -.i<?o will be high at about
U:tt a- m. o!T Iyng wharf, ?n that the first race or two will be on a flood tide
nrd the i <f=t on slack water or an ohbing tide. Th*>re will be six buoys at the turn.
d»rtgTat'<3 liy numbers, X". 1 b<-ing the inside and No. 6 the outside buoy. Where
ih r r*> ar<> r.<>t a? many contestants as there are buoys the crew or Bculler having
th* outside station may take all the buoys remaining after each contestant has
takon on**.
In ih*» senior sh^ll race T. Kornan of the Dolphins has buoy 1, W. MeCausland
of thp Arifl? has 2, Stanley Adderley of the Tritons 3. C. L. Ochs of the Pioneers
4 and A. \Y. P»pa of the Dolphins j and 6. In the junior barge race there are five
rr«>w*. the Dolphins having the inskl" buoy, the Ari^ls 2, the Alamedas the central
buoy, the Pinn'+rs 4 and the South Ends 5. After the junior barge contest the
Naval Battalion cutter crews will race. The junior FkifC race has four entries, E.
J. Lynch of tlie Arl^ls having buoy 1, John Lewis of tho Alamedas 2, E. Kragness
of thV Dolphins 3 and M. Cuhxnan of the South Ends 4, o and 6. In the senior shell
race H. Wilson of tbo Ariel* has the Inside station and George McGrill of the
South Ends may round buoy 2. 3. 4. 5 or 6. In the senior skin* race W. O. Patch of
the Dolphins has the Inside; F. W. Avers of the Alamedas buoy 2, C. G. Ayers of
the fame club buoy 3. S. Adderley of th<» Tritons buoy 4, Charles Wilson of the
Ario'.s buoy r. and C. C. Dennis of the South Ends the outside mark. In the lnter
ir.^diate t>arpe race, which is the last event, the Ariels have buoy 1. the Olympics
2, the Alamedas ?,. the Pionef-rs 4 and the South Ends 5 and 6.
The smior bnrge race Is considered the most important event on the pro
gramme, and has \x>en placed first In order to Insure the boats being uninjured.
In the senior f-hell race those old antagonists W. McCautland and A. W. Pape will
meet again, the former being in a craft with which he Is quite familiar, while
Tape has or.ly quite recently taken up shell rowing. The Junior barge race will
furnish a goo3 contest, with the odds in favor of the Alamedas, though the Ariel
juniors are a strong crew. The junior skiff ra<"e will probably go to John L»ewis
of Aiameda. w:th Lynch of the Ariels second. The senior shell race will probably
b*- wrn by Henry Wilson of the Arie'.r. The senior skiff race is regarded as a
dft to F. W. Ayers. whose boat neighs enly thirty-one pounds, or actually less
than some sliells. The real contest wlil be for second place, which should go to
C. C. jyetmls. The Intermediate baree race has five entries, of which the Pioneer
and Ariol orevrs are really Juniors, who have also entered the Junior barge event.
The senior Fkiff event will lack an element of Interest from the absence of
G^orgf 12ak'-r of the Dolphins, who considers it useless to pull against the new
AJameda skiff.
The Ariel r-&rg<« was fouled at the Astoria regatta by the Dolphins, who turned
the buoy in the" wrong direction, and was considerably damaged. However, as tho
damage Is above the water line the barge will be used In to-morrow's races, there
having been no opportunity to repair her.
IN SPEEDY BARGES
AND RACING SHELLS
"Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins In next Sunday's Call,
. September 9.
DOUBLE COUNTY FAIR.
The big fair to be held . at Tanf oran
Park, beginning on the 24th lnst., Is at
tracting the attention of all the prominent
business men and manufacturers of the
city. Entries for the exhibits are coming
In very rapidly and the inaugural show is
bound to be a big success. The breeders
of cattle, horses, swine, etc., are contrib
uting, very liberally, making the stock ex
hibit one of the best ever seen in the
State. •
All the buildings necessary to house
these animals, besides a pavilion for the
dogs, poultry and hares,. are nearlng com
pletion' and are .very conveniently ar
ranged for the benefit of visitors.
RYAN-MOFFATT FIGHT.
All the local Interest In "pxigdom" In
centered In the fight between Tommy
Ryan and Jack Moffatt. which will be
rounded out at Mechanics' Pavilion next
Wednesday evening. That a crowd will
see these two men work their fistic con
tentions to a finish, a decision or a draw, !a
presaged by the already large advance sala
of tickets. At least that Is what the man
agers of the National Athletic Club say.
Both fighters have been and are earnest
In their training. Moffatt seems to gain
admirers every day, and the betting. juJg
lng from present indications, will show nc
very great discrepancy when the men en
ter the ring. Moffatfa performance
against Xeill obtained for him many sup
porters and most favorably inclined opin
ions.
Moffatt looks big and healthy and his
condition seems to be just at the prooet
niche. In bulk he Is a heavier man than
Ryar* but whether he is stronger or not
In actual ring work is another matter.
Tommy Ryan does not shirk work. Dur
ing the past week he has received man'
visitors at his training quarters at th?
Terminal, where he pounds the bag. Jach
Jeffries and Jim Kennedy. All are sur
prised at the amount of exercise Ryar
takes as his daily portion and Jhe llttl*
effect it has upon him. He. too. la in rood
fettle, ready for anything. Both flghteri
will tauer oft in their work from now on.
ROD AND GUN NOTES.
Sportsmen whose chief delight and
pleasure in life is to bring down a buck or
land the many-pound trout are complain
ing generally that they are now betwixt
and between two seasons. The novelty of
deer shooting has passed away; the
streams, except in a few instances, refuse
to give up their life, and the lawful sea
son for small game has not yet opened
The Eel River seems to be the only
trout stream that is satisfying to the fish
erman, and here will be found the enthu
siastic angler during the next two weeks.
Frank Maskey has returned from his
country place near Fort Tuna and reports
the fishing there very good. During the
early part of the week there was a run
of trout averaging half a pound, and later
on some very big fi3h were caught, many
of them reaching the four-pound mark.
Among them were a few steelheads
Sam Heller will leave on Monday for
Eel River.
Striped bass are giving plenty of sport on
the estuary and in the sloughs. The run
off the Alameda side of the estuary has.
been phenomenal, and crowds of boats are
out day after day, all filled with eager
fishermen. G. W. Emmons landed the big
gest catch of the season— a twenty-four
pounder.
While hunting back of Cazadero, at a
place called DevllB Ribs, Henry Nord
holtz and a party of friends brought down
a. bur.'' of "nnA sfr.e.
i The team of city cricketers which has
j been selected to visit Lake County during
j the holidays will leave San Francisco this
afternoon for Calistoga.
The team of city cricketers will -consist
j of the following: H. C. Casidy, .John
' Myers, C. P. Coles and A. W. Wilding of
1 the Pacific Cricket Club; R. B. Hogue. F.
I Croll, V. Seebeck and W. G. Fortmann of
j the Alameda Cricket Club; E. G. Sloman.
| W. Reynolds and J. Guild of the Califor
j nia Club.
During the holidays the Santa Cruz
! Country Club cricket club will visit this
I city, ar.d the intention was that the visit
ors should play a two days' match against
a combined team. But the local cricketers
are manifesting so little energy in getting
together an eleven that it Is much feared
the match will fall through- .
G0MES FOR CRICKETERS.
BOOM FOR GOLFERS
The local golf rlubs are beginning to
wake up from their summer lethargy.
On Labor day the San Francisco Golf
Club held a competition over eighteen
holes, medal play, for the Liverpool silver
medal. This was won by John Lawson
with a score of 46, 4S— S4. Charles Page
bring second with 47, 51—08. There were
six other competitors. On Thursday a
ladies' fouraome and putting contest was
given at the Presidio links in honor of
Mrs. M. A. IxtngPtreet of the Lop Angeles
Country Club, Miss Eleanor Morgan and
Mrs. Longstreet defeating Mi?s E. Caro
lan and Miss E. Wood, two up. Mrs.
Longstrpet received the prize, a silver
cup. After luncheon a putting contest
was won by Miss Eleanor Morgan, but
the silver cup whifh constituted the prize
was awarded to Mis.s E. Carolan. the
scores being as follows: Miss Eleanor
Morgan 11, Miss K. Carolan 13, Miss
Thrrese Morgan 13. Miss E. Wood 14, Mrs.
McKittrick 3 4. Mr?. Longrstreet 14 and
Miss C. Smedberg 17.
In the qualifying round for the coun
cil's cup E. J. McCutchen made the best
score <S4), which is also the amateur rec
ord for the links, and won the prize for
best handicap score, R. G. Brown being
second with a groes and. net. score of 10L
The eight who qualifled are drawn as
follows: R. J. Davis va. R. G.. Brown;
E. J. McCutchen vs. Maurice Dore; C, P.
1 .— ¦.¦¦|*
Pomeroy vs. E. L. Griffith; and C. P. Eels
vs. A. A. Curtis.. The opening round of
the contest for the cup will be played
this afternoon, the semi-final round on
Monday and the final round on Tuesday.
Unusual interest attaches to the competi
tion from the fact that If E. J. McCut
chen proves the winner the trophy be
comes his property, he having already
won it twice. The winners In the opening
round will probably be R. G. Brown, E.
J. McCutchen. C P. Pomeroy and C. P.
Eel Is. This will bring Brown and Mc-
Cutchen together in the semi-final round
and the winner will have to play either
Eells or Pomeroy.
RACKET WIELDERS
EN ROUTE TO
DEL MONTE.
Preparing for Doubles
Championship Tour
nament.
THE heglra of the tennis players to
Del Monte for the twelfth annual
doubles championship tournament
starts to-day. The Hardy brothers
returned from the East yesterday and
will be on hand to defend the title of
coast champions held by themselves. The
teams entered at this date are: Collier
and Crowell, Percy Murdoch and H. IT.
Haight. Harper brothers of Pacific Grove,
R. Fatjo and H. L. Warburton of Santa
Clara, S. Haslett and Percy Kann, Adams
'and Weihe of Stanford, Roth and Hamil
ton of Stanford, Alex Stewart and llc-
Farlane of Oakland, R. Nicholson and J.
A. Code and George and Robert Whit
ney. The strongest teams are the Whit
ney brothers, Adams and Welhe and Mur
doch and Haight.
Three prizes have been offered — one for
the coast championship, first prize to
, winner of the all-comers and a second
prize to the runners-up.
The ladles' single tournament for the
championship of the Alameda Club com
mences to-day with a large entry list.
The winner will receive a silver cup, pre
sented by Henry Gutte..-
Samuel P. Hardy haa this to say about
his Eastern trip:
"The change of water was a great han
dicap to me. At Chicago the day we were
beaten by Collins and Faret the wind was
blowing a terrific hurricane, which both
ered us considerably. In the extreme
East Sumner was a little off his top game
in doubles and did not regain his form
until the Niagara international tourna
ment.- The turf courts compelled us to al
ter all of our strokes, as the ban does
not bounce very high on grass. It was
necessary .also to wear spiked shoes to
which we were not accustomed. The ma
jority of the players East play a safe
game and do not try to kill the ball with
severe strokes."
Great Day for Wheel
men on Ingieside
Track.
THE vehicle and bicycle committee of
the Native Sons' celebration having
In charge the cycle and automobile
races to be held to-morrow at In
gleside track has completed all arrange
ments for the day's sport, and duo to the
co-operation of the wheelmen and "auto"
owners a splendid programme has been
prepared.
The automobile races will consist of a
number of mile heats and a final. There
will be about three in a heat and all the
various makes and motive powers will be
seen In competition.
So many entries were received by the '
committee for the two open cycling
events, a mile handicap and a half-mile
scratch, that it has been decided to run
the four necessary trial heats in the
forenoon and only the finals in the after
noon. There will be twenty-five men and
over in each preliminary heat, the largest
field ever started in a cycle race in this
city. These heats will be run at 11 o'clock
in the forenoon and the finals at 2 in the
afternoon.
Another cycling event of interest at this
meet will be the 25-mile relay race be
tween teams from the Olympic, California,
Garden City, Los Angeles, Reno and Sac
ramento clubs. The make-up of these
teams will be as follows:
California Cycling Club— T. H. White,
H. Barnwell, A. Barnwell, E. E. Berg
man, G. Seigfried. Los Angeles Wheel
men—A. C. Muff, Ralph Hamlin, F. Flor
entine. C. Pearne. F. Hoffman. Garden
City Wheelmen— J. E. Wing, A. McDon
ald. E. B. Wastie, Burton Downing, Lace
Downing. .Olympic Club Wheelmen— E.
F. Russ. P. N. Hanna, W. Peddler, J. E.
Bolger. W. Demara. Capital City Wheel
men— R. Backrath, H. Noyes, G. Eldred,
W. Perry, L. Turner. Reno Wheelmen—
W. A. Iteddle, A. Peckham, E. Stanley,
C. Mershan, W. Thompson. «
The Reno Wheelmen are the champions
of the coast at relay riding, having, beaten
both the Sacramentos and Olympics. The
Los Angeles Wheelmen have never com
peted at the relay game as a team, but
the five men above 'named are the five
faBtest riders In Southern California. Oa
AUTOMOBILERS AND
CYCLERS WILL
COMPETE.
paper it looks as if the Mother clubs were
"up against It." ;
The entries for the one-mile handicap
are:
First heat— Jake Hlrsch. K. V. Russ, A. Mc-
Donald. Ralph Hnmlin, scratch; Burton Down
inK and A. Peckham, 10 yards; Ralph Robin
son and F. M, Hanna, 20 yards; Arthur David
son and H. Xoyes. 30 yards: H. C. Fowler and
VS. Peddler. 40 yards; F. GiUraan, C. Long and
Arthur McCarty, DO yards; Harry Wilson and
G. SelBfried, 70 yards; L. E. Clifton. H. N.
Kennedy and W. Rombach, 80 yards; J. Holle,
George Kroetz and H. G. Ryan, 90 yards; D.
A. Manning. II. Cochran and F. Weatcott, 100
yards; A. Koch and E. Howe, 110 yerds.
Second heat— 13. B. W&stle. H. D. Bean.
Frank Hoffman and E. Stanley, scratch; R.
H. - Iiackrath and E. Arjez, 10 yards; Ben
Noonan, C. Mershon and L. Turner, 20 yards;
IV. Penry and J. Peckham, 40 yards; J. S.
Hart and Percy Valentine. 60 yards; J. Eph
riam and F. Jlarlsh, 70 yards; G. McKlnney,
E. E. Bergman and F. West, 80 yards; F.
Nasle and G. H. Williams, 90 yards: F. Soule
and C. L. Braun. 100 yards; C. Preirter and E.
Adams, 110 yards.
Third heat— Lace Downing, A. C. Muff, W.
A. Keddle and Walter Davidson, scratch; W.
B. Longwill, Guy C. Went and H. Newsom, 20
yards; J. E. Bolger. W. Thompson and Arthur
Brown. 30 yards; F. Ulrich and Oliver Harris.
40 yards; Frank Huggerbone and J. Young, 30
yards; A. T. Smith and W. A. Goodrich, e0
yards: A. Barnwell and R. A. Henderson, SO
yards; L. Weinand and W. Jackson, 90 yards;
C. Meyerhoft and C. de Guerre. 100 yards; E.
EKerberj? and A. Cohn. 110 yards.
Fourth heat— J. E. "Wing. T. White, F. Flor
entine and T. Pearr.e, scratch; W. Somers,
C. Allen and Stanley Andrews, 20 yards; Gil
Eldred and W. A. Harms, 80 yards; Georsre
Annerean and Louis Smith. 40 yards; Walter
Smith and J. Daley. 50 yards; L. Draper, W.
Demara and E. J. TIarther, 60 yards; C. Reuser,
M. Davis and H. Barnwell, 70 yards; N. Boree
and F. Welsman. 80 yards; W. Hofen, C. *S.
Chrlstennen and L. W. Stoddard, 90 yards; V.
Grey and A. Hofen. 100 yards; A. R. Phillips,
C. F. Pamferin and L. S. Leary. HO. yards.
The men as entered above will ride In
the half-mile scratch with the exception
of Stanley Andrews, A. F. Koch, E. E.
Kgeberg. C. Pfeiffer, Fred Westcott. W.
Rombach, E. E. Bergmann and H. Barn
well.
From Flagship Ramona.
Combined Yachting Fleet to Cruise Under Signal
IN order to nfgnify their appreciation of the generous contribution ef the
semi-centennial celebration committee of the Native Sons to the yachting re
gatta on the 11th inst. the Pacific Interclub Yacht Association -..»11 hold itj
annual cruise to-morrow. A special call has been issued to the yacht owners
to rendezvous at Sausalito at 10:30 a. m. and report at the San Francisco Tacht
Club house. The commander of the combined fleet of all the clubs will b®
W. N. McCarthy, commodore of the San Francisco Tacht Club.
The fleet will cruise under signal from the flagship from Sausalito to th9
city front and will then sail so as to afford a marine spectacle to the citizens
and visitors gathered on the wharves.
A very large turnout is expected, a? comparatively few of the yacht owners will
take any extended trip covering the three holidays. The California Tacht Clnh
has a cruise to Sulsun Creek on Its programme for to-day and to-morrow and
the Encinal Tacht Ciut> has a cruise to Baden, but both of these fixture* wi'l
probably be dropped. The South Bay yachtsmen will cruise up to this city ami
It la expected that some of their boa's will be seen in the annual regatta on
Tuesday.
The annual regatta of the Pacific Interclub Tacht Association, which will
take place on Tuesday, will be the most notable one of Its kind. Not only ara
the usual pennants and certificates offered to the winning yachts in each c!as»
but also the Macdonough cup, the Law cup and a dozen silver cups donated ov
the semi-centennial celebration committee.
The entries closed last night and are so numerous as to Insure very tnterwt
ing races. The keenest contest is looksd for In the 30-foot class, where the Mac
donough trophy, valued at $250. Is the first prize. The chief competitors art*
Frank Stone's sloop Presto, Carl Westerfeld ant! R. H. Morrow's sloop Aeolu*.
J. 'M. Mattoon's sloop Amigo (which will be sailed by Commodore H. P. Hawks
of the Corinthian Tacht Club) and J. "W. Pew's sloop Truant. Of the above the
sloop Aeolua has already won three out of the four Macdonough cups already
awarded, the Bloop Truant has carried off one, while the Amlgo finished only two
or three minutes behind the Aeolus last year. The Presto actually beat the
Aeolus, but was disqualified for heaving some of her ballast overboard before
she had been remeasured.
The start will be by the fir© of a single pun. In order to lessen the danger
of colliding off Meiggs wharf the stakelioat will be put out much farther from
shore than has hitherto been the custom and the starting line will be farther to
the westward. ..
The following entries have been received: la the 70- foot class the schooners
Lurline, Ramona and Chispa: in the 44 foot claaa the yacht3 Clara. Mischief.
Neptune, Speedwell, Rover. Estrella, Muriel and Dawn; in the 26- foot class th»
sloops Edna. Queen, Harpoon, Emma, Pactolus, Estelle, Jessie E. Thelraa anil
Embla; In the 30-foot class are the sloops Mignon, Aeolus. Presto, Truant.
Secret. Amigo and Gadder: in the 23-f«ot class the entries are the sloops Mav.
Merope. Nereus, Cupid. Phoenicia and Sablna; iirthe 20-foot special class are th«»
yawl Kittlwake and ihe sloops, Stella. Idler, Petrel and Doris II; In the special
class for yawls are the Spray. Nereic*, Gypsy, Royal and Arcturus. The follow
ing entries have not been assigned to any class, their measurements being un
known: The yawl Tramontana of the San Francisco Yacht « lub and the follow
ing boats of the South Bay Yacht Club : Comfort, Bebe. Cloud. Fern. Clsne.
Wanderer, Papoose, Feu, Follet and Espee.
WHITE WINGS WILL
DOT THE BAY WATERS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.
THREE-THOUSAND-DOLLAR STAKE
FOR FLEETFOOTED GREYHOUNDS
?X: : : ¦ •
THE great Futurity stake, the first of Its kind In the history of California coursing, will be run to-day and to
morrow at Union Park, under the auspices of the Interstate Coursfng Club. It is needless to say that the best of
all California puppies will be seen in this event. Both from the magnitude of the prizes and the quality of dogs
entered the Futurity gives promise of taking a first place in American coursing annals.
Not less than $3000 will be distributed among the lucky dogs. The winner's share will be $1140, the runner-up will
g-et $570 and the less fortunate dogs prizes varying according to their staying performances, success in two courses in
suring a prize.
The coursing public as well as the breeders and owners have been looking forward to this signal stake for many
weeks, and. like devotees of the horseracing game, have lost themselves in speculation over its probable winner. A Fu
turity where horses are concerned is a highly conjectural affair. To pick the winner of a Futurity dog event is infinitely
more so. All dogs whelped since January 1, 1890, possess the necessary qualifications for entry. Other things being
equal, those hounds whelped in the early part of the year 1S99, stand the best chance for honors, on account of the en
durance and strength that comes with age.
The bettors have made Curtis & Son's King Cotton, by Hughle out of Rockette, the favorite, but T. J. Cronin's
Vandal. Nethercot Brothers' Floodgate and Freda C, Curtis & Son's Psyche, Russell, Allen & Wilson's Btrayaway and
Castaway. P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter, P. Jones' Harlean Gladys and Lavina, W. D. Murphy's Crawford Lass, R.
E. de B. Lopez & Bon's Crawford Rex, George Parkinson'B Ben Lomond and a number of other fleet puppies entered are
fancied by some and will stand a fair show for big money. Ninety-six dogs are entered in all, which means two days'
solid racing. Besides the Futurity thero will be a champion ctake of twenty-four dogs. This will be run on Sunday.
The betting in the long-odds book for tho Futurity, begun about two weeks ago, has been continuous ever since.
The greater portion of the money haa been placed on tho doga mentioned aa fancied by the habitual bettors. The "book
ies" will have a busy day of it Sunday, when the largest crowd of the season is expected at Union Park.
Likely Futurity Candidates That Will Race for the Great Stake
> Saturday and Sunday. ,
4
ADMISSION DAY SPORTS
~ . .¦ , *. , ¦¦¦¦
G) C C *3
j-ps >-s: J
!§ MIS 2
i : f fi
Mi:
t ! • i
! acra.mento
?an Francisco .1
Stockton
Oakland
Si::
.
34 23 67 .696
31 28 53 .62.*.
26 30 66 .464
.24 34 I 68 .413
~ . .¦ , *. , ¦¦¦¦
G) C C *3
j-ps >-s: J
!§ MIS 2
i : f fi
Mi:
t ! • i
! acra.mento
?an Francisco .1
Stockton
Oakland
Si::
.
34 23 67 .696
31 28 53 .62.*.
26 30 66 .464
.24 34 I 68 .413HURRICANE STRIKES
THE COAST 0F.FL0RIDA
CHIEF DEVERY
CHARGED WITH
INCOMPETENCY
Outcome of the Recent
Race Riots in New
York City.
Inspector Thompson and Acting Cap
tain Cooney Must Also Answer
Accusations of Neglect of
Duty and Brutality.
Two Deaths at Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— Former Police
Commissioner Frank Moss, on behalf of
the recently organized Citizens* Protective
League, to-day preferred charges against
Chief of Police Devery, Inspector Thomp
son and Acting Captain Cooney of the
"West Thirty-seventh-street station. He
accuses them of brutality, neglect of duty
and lncompetency In their method in
treating the decent race riots on the West
Side. It is said that the league has evi
dence against the Chief and his subordi
nates that the Police Commissioners can
not Ignore. Frank Moss will act as coun
sel for the league. He has a staff of men
at work on the testimony.
The Investigation of the charge of club
bing and other forms of brutalities made
bv colored people against the police of the
West Thirty-seventh-street station after
the recent race troubles, which the Police
Commissioners were asked by the Mayor
to hold, began to-day in the trial-room at
police headquarters, President York pre-
The'flrst complainant. W. J. E'liott. ap
peared with his counsel, and the Society
for the Prevention of Crime was also rep
resented by counsel. Elliott, who had
been arrested in a pawnshop while pricing
some revolvers, claimed that after being
placed In custody he had been taken to
the police station, where, as he was being
led through the muster-room, he was
beaten almost Into Insensibility by a
crowd of policemen. He was corroborated
by two other colored men.
A number of policemen, being questioned
by President York, denied the attack In
the station. Elliott was represented by
Attorney L.udlow, 'but President York re
fused to let the lawyer examine his client
or cross-examine the policemen. Ludlow
protested in vain, York taking the ground
that as the attorney represented a num
ber of clients who have brought suit
against the- city for injuries received in
the riots he did not purpose to allow the
Investigation to be the means of furnish
ing evidence against the city in these
suits.
To <he charge made by the attorney
that tho investigation was simply a white
wash. President York threatened to have
the lawyer expelled from the room.
Attorney Frank Moss, prominent in the
recent investigation of vice In this city,
also appeared at the police investigation.
He represented the Society for the Pre
vention of Crime.- the City Vigilance
League and the Citizens' Protective
League, the latter being an organization
of colored men formed since the riot. Mr.
Moss, not satisfied with the way the In
vestigation was proceeding, asked If he
would be allowed to examine his witness
and cross-examine the policemen. Presi
dent York declined to give him this privi
lege. Thereupon Mr. Moss entered pro
test and filed with the president the for
mal charges against Chief of Police Dev
ery, Inspector Thompson and Acting Cap
tain Cooney.
Tho investigation will be resumed on
Friday next.
WOODLAND, Sept. 7.— Michael Griffin,
a native of Ireland, but for forty years a
resident of Yolo County, and John Burchi,
a native of Switzerland, and for twenty
years a resident, died in this city to-day.
Mrs. Catherine Robin.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— Mrs. Catherine
Robin, widow of the late Charles Robin
and one of the pioneer women of Sacra
mento, died this morning. She was the
mother of Mrs. Albert Gallatln and a most
estimable woman, with hosts of friends.
She was charitable and helpful to others
and her death Is much regretted.
Miss Lydia Youngs.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 7.— Miss Lydla
Youngs, aged 20, was found dead In her
cottage near Lawrence station yesterday.
She formerly had been a school teacher
and lived alone. An Inquest developed tho
fact that death was Jue to heart disease.
Deceased has a sister 'living In San Lo
andro.
Thomson Kingsford.
Enoch, Walker.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASHLAND, Or.. Sept. 7.— Enoch Walker,
a pioneer of the early fifties, died at his
residence near Medford last evening, aged
about 83 years. He participated in the
Southern Oregon Indian war: was active
ly connected with the early history of this
section and was well known throughout
Northern California as well. Several
children survive him.
OSWEGO. N. Y., Sept. 7.— Thomson
Kingsford, head of tho Klngsford Starch
Company boiler works and box factory,
and Oswego's leading business man and
manufacturer, died to-night after a brief
illness, aged 73 years. He was born In
Headcomb. England, and became the head
of the big starcn industry, here in 1S63. His
numerous other business enterprises fo'
lowed. He ¦was the father of Thomas P.
Kingsford. president of the National
Starch Company.
JAY B. ARNOLD.
I.os Angeles Newspaper Man Passes
to the Beyond.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 7.— Jay B. Ar
nold, formerly city editor of the Los An
geles Herald, died this afternoon at 4:10
o'clock at the California Hospital after
an illness of about one month. He was
taken down with spinal meningitis, which
finally resolved Itself into brain fever. On
"Wednesday last he was brought from
Catallna Island to this city, but all hope
for his recovery was past at that time.
Mr. Arnold was one of the best known
newspaper -men In Los Angeles. He was
recognized by uie craft and by his em
ployers as a capable and fearless writer.
He was at one time a stockholder in tht
Herald, of which paper he was for several
years city editor. He waa held In hlgti
esteem by all who knew him.
MIGUEL F. BTJTRKE.
Final Summons Comes to Santa Bar-
bora's Tax Collector.
Special Dispatch to The i'all.
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 7.— After an
illness lasting over a year, Tax Collected
Miguel F. Burke passed away quietly at
his home In this city. For the last two
months his life had been despaired of,
and his death to-day was no surprise to
his many friends. It was caused by ulcer
ation of the stomach.
Mr. Burke was born In this city. In No
vember, 1S30, and has lived here all his
life, except the few years he spent in re
ceiving his education at the Holy Cross
College. In Worcester. Massachusetts. He
commenced a public career early in life,
and has long been a central figure in local
politics. He was a stanch Republican.
In 1SS1. he was appointed Supervisor for
this city, and held that position until he
was elected Tax Collector three years
later. This latter position he held until
the time of his death, having retained the
office sixteen years, being re-elected six
times. He leaves a daughter and two
sons to mourn hla loss.
PROFESSOR A. H. RANDALL
Well-Known. San Jose Educator Suc-
cumbs to Consumption.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Sept. ".—Professor A. II.
Randall, one of the best known educators
In the State, died to-day at the Sanitarium
of consumption, from wnich he had suf
fered for the past six month^ lie was 1
member of the faculty of the State Nor
mal School here for sixteen years, the
last three of which he was principal, suc
ceeding Professor Childs. A yeur ago
Professor McNaughton succeeded him aj
principal. He was very popular among
the teachers of the State and the faculty
of the Normal, and when his death was
announced the school was adjourned an<l
the flag put at "half-mast. Resolutions of
condolence have been drawn up by th-j
faculty and the school.
Professor Randall waa a native of Maine
and 60 years of age. He waa a graduate
of Wesleyan College and the Maine Nor
mal School. He had been identified with
the educational interests of the State since
the early sixties. He was an lnstructoi
In the Pioneer Grammar School of Stock
ton and founded the High School there,
being its principal till 1882 He then went
to Santa Cruz and in 1S84 came here to
take a position in the State Normal. A
¦wife survives him.
BOERS DRIVEN BACK
BY CANADIAN INFANTRY
Bussell Harding Very HI.
TOLKDO. Sept. 7.— General Manager
RuFsell Harding of the Missouri Pacific
Railway, while en route East with his
wife and some friends, was taken sud
denly 111. and when the train reached To
ledo was taken to the Toledo Hospital.
While he Is a very sick man his condition
is nnt recarded as dangerous.
KcClernand's Condition Critical.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Sept. 7.— The con
dition of General John A. McClernand is
critical. The attending physician stated
to-night that the general's pulse was
Mxty and feeble and irregular, while his
temperature was JOu, and that he Is de
lirious at times. The doctor will remain
with the general all night and administer
heart stimulants. He said it was difficult
to tell whether the general would live
through the night. His son. Colonel Ed
ward McClernand, military governor at
Manila, has been telegraphed for.
*
Investing of Archbishop Keane.
DUBUQUE, Iowa, Sept. 7.— The exact
date of Investing Archbishop Keane with
the pallium has not been fixed, but will
very likely be the first Sunday In October.
Archbishop Ireland will deliver the ser
mon, and the conferring of the pallium
will be by Cardinal Gibbons. Monsignor
Martinelli and many other high church
dignitaries, a large number of priests and
members of the laity from abroad will be
present ____.»
Stated That the British Gevernment
Expects Decisive News From South .
Africa Within a Fortnight.
LONDON. Sept. 7.— Lord Roberts re
ports from Belfast, Transvaal, under date
of Wednesday, September 5. as follows:
"Ian Hamilton traversed Dulstroon yes
terday with slight opposition. Buller en
gaged the enemy's left this morning.
Hamilton is endeavoring to turn the
enemy's right.
"Boers, with two guns and one pompom,
this morning attacked 123 Canadian
mounted infantry guarding the railway
between Pan and Wondersfontein. Maher
proceeded to their assistance, but the lit
tle garrison had beaten off the enemy be
fore he arrived. It was a very creditable
performance. The wounded were Major
Headers and Lieutenant Moodie, slightly,
and two men. Six men are missing "
LONDON, Sept. 8.— "We learn," says
the Daily News, "that the Government
expects decisive news from South Africa
within a fortnight, and that Parliament
will be dissolved during the last week
of September."
RUSSIA'S PROGRAMME
CONCERNS MANCHURIA
The statement was made to-night that
no new note had been sent to the powers
by this Government on the Chinese situ
ation. The United States, animated solely
with the purpose of having an early set
tlement of the Chinese question, prefers
that the armies of the allied powers
should remain in Peking until a settlement
is definitely reached, but it is reiterated
that should any . nation withdraw its
trocps, then our Government will do like
wise.
The situation at Amoy, Chipa, having
apparently cleared up considerably, the
Navy Department to-day instructed Ad
miral liemey to dispose as he deems best
of the gunboat Castlne, which was sent to
that port some days ago when the Japa
nese landed marines. The Castlne >vas
on her way to the Cavlte naval station
when the troubles at Amoy threatened to
become acute and was diverted to the
latter place to look out for American In
terests.
The message commends Colonel Aaron
S. Daggett, Fourteenth United States In
fantry, for hit* gallantry at Yangtsun and
for gallantry and excellent supervision of
the attack on the gates- of the Imperial
city August 15. General ChafCee recom
mends .that he be made a brigadier gen
eral, U. S. A. Colonel Daggett has nine
months to serve before attaining sixty
four years. If promoted brigadier general.
General Chaffee states, Colonel Daggett
will gladly accept retirement immediately.
If this Government is taking any meas
ures urging the return of the imperial
family to Peking the responsible officials
decline to make any statement on the sub
ject Such a step, however, on the part
of the Chinese officials, it Is pointed out,
would be highly desirable and might be
an important factor in facilitating the
progress of negotiations for a peaceful
settlement of the existing troubles. With
the responsible heads of the Chinese em
pire at the capital city in direct communi
cation with the representatives of th©
allltd powers much more satisfactory re
sults could be accomplished than by ne
gotiating with subordinates.
Nothing came to the State Department
to-day from Consul General Goodnow at
Shanghai confirmatory of the press report
that Li Hung Chang has asked for an
American escort to Peking. In the ab
sence of notification of such a request the
officials here prefer not to make any state
ment as to the reception of such a re
quest.
There was a dearth of official informa
tion from China to-day. General ChafCee
got through a dispatch, dated September
1, at Peking, indicating that couriers are
still employed to close the telegraph line
of communication between Tientsin and
Peking. This dispatch made no mention
of the military situation and it was in
ferred that affairs In Peking remain quiet.
There is much speculation here as to the
personnel of the American commission in
case the peace negotiations should be en
trusted to such a body, and the names of
men prominent in international affairs in
recent years all have been convassed. In
cluded in the list is the name of John W.
Foster, but it is regarded as much more
probable that if he appears at all in these
negotiations it will bo in his old place as
a representative of the Chinese Govern
ment. He was associated with Li Hung
Chang during the peace negotiations
which closed the Chlno-Japanese war, and
it is said that Earl Li has a high sense
of appreciation of his work for China
then.
The consultations with Mr. Wu are be
lieved to have been inspired by a desire
to learn something of the personality of
the Chinese notables whose names have
been suggested as nroper to constitute the
Cninese side of any commission which
may be named to arrange a settlement of
the difficulties. Mr. Wu is an ardent ad
herent of Li Hung Chang.
Meanwhile, our Government has pretty
well satisfied Itself as to the attitude to
ward this last proposition of each and all
of the powers interested in the Chinese
problem. It may be that this knowledge
is regarded as sufficient upon which to
base another forward movement and per
haps in this case an independent move
ment by the United States toward the ulti
mate withdrawal of the troops and the
settlement with China, which the Govern
ment has had in mind since the beginning
of the trouble.
The fact is recalled that when the Unit
ed States made its response to the Rus
sian note on August 20, the officials hero
expressed the belief that a week's time
would be required to determine upon the
next step and at the end of that time it
would be delinitely known whether or not
the troops were to be withdrawn from
Peking. That period of time has now
elapsed. The reports from tho European
Chancellories indicate that, officially at
least, this important subject is being
treated with the greatest deliberation and
at least another week and probably even
more time may be consumed In framing
the last of the answers to the Russian
note.
For several hours preceding the Minis
ter's visit Acting Secretary Hill and As
sistant Secretary Adee had been engaged
in a conference, and it was gathered that
the negotiations relative to China were
approaching another phase and that an
other pronouncement of some kind ¦was in
preparation.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Minister
Wu arrived in Washington
from May this afternoon
and although it was near the
close of the official day he pro
ceeded directly to the State Department.
It is understood that he had received an
intimation that the department* officials
were desirous of conferring with him,
hence his return to Washington. For
nearly an hour the Minister waa closeted
with Acting Secretary Hill and Assistant
Secretary Adee, the door being locked
meantime and not even the messengers
allowed entrance. None of the parties to
the conference was communicative, but
at its conclusion Dr. Hill repaired to the
White House with a portfolio well filled
with papers.
LONDON, Sept. 8, 4:15 a. m.— The Chi
nese crisis presents no new feature this
morning. Nothing appears to be certain
PARIS, Sept. ".—Active negotiations are
in progress looking to some compromise
arrangement with Russia regarding the
position she has assumed toward Peking.
The communications exchanged between
the powers now have better promise of
success. The compromise suggested, It Is
asserted here, is the withdrawal of the
forces of all the powers from Peking,
leaving an international guard to protect
the legations pending^a peace settlement.
The main body of troops, It is also said,
will retire to the neighborhood of Tien
tsin, leaving sufficient forces along the
road to keep, the route open and protect
the railroad between Peking and Tientsin."
Russia's attitude is interpreted here as
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— Robert E. Speer,
one of the secretaries of the Presbyterian
Board of Foreign Missions, received a let
ter to-day from David J. Hill, assistant
Secretary of State, dated Washington,
September 6. Air. Hill says:
"Your letter of the^th inst. asking in
formation concerning the missionaries at
Paoting-Fu and particularly concerning
Dr. C. V. Hodge and his wife, who aro
thought to be In Peking, has been re
ceived. Tho department has had no defin
ite Information concerning the mission
aries at Paotlng-Fu since the telegram
from Consul General Goodnow at Shang
hai, dated July 27 yast. In that telegram
Mr. Goodnow stated that an official tele
gram received at' Shanghai on the ICth
reported all foreigners and many native
Christians killed at Paotlng-Fu; mission
burned. The Americans named were the
Simcox family, Taylor, Pitkln, Misses
Gould and Morrill. ¦
"In view of the many urgent inquiries
of the friends of Dr. and Mrs. Hodge— not
mentioned In Mr. Goodnow's telegram—
the department telegraphed on August 22
to Mr. Conger, asking whether they were
in Peking. To this telegram no reply has
been received. On August 28, the reports
received from China from various sources
concerning the Paoting-Fu missionaries
being conflicting, the department again
telegraphed to Minister Conger, directing
him to ascertain their fate if possible and
if any were alive to endeavor to send re
lief. There has not been sufficient time as
yet to have received a reply to this In
quiry." <
COMPROMISE HAS A
• PROMISE OF SUCCESS
BERLIN, Sept. 7.— Evidently the Ger
man Foreign Office reckons with the pos
sibilty that Russia will yield to the argu
ments of the powers and will n^>t with
draw her troops from Peking. Discussing
this question to-day, a high official of the
Foreign Office says:
"Germany does not understand the
Washington dispatches to mean that the
United States intends to withdraw her
troops. As far as Russia is concerned It
must be borne in mind that she does not
put forth her proposition of withdrawal as
a sine qua non, but only tentatively and
for the purpose of discussion."
Emperor William's speech at Stettin to
day Is interpreted here to mean that his
plan of overcoming the present difficulty
in China will be adopted by the powers.
This goes to show — as has been claimed
all along — that Germany Is following tho
personal policy of the Kaiser In the China
matter. A number of leading journals
condemn such a course as in contraven
tion of the constitution of the empire. The
Gegenwart, a high-class periodical, con
cludes an article signed "Apolitikos" as
follows:
"Surely it Is high time to determine the
question whether our political life can still
be justly called constitutional or whether
we are steering toward absolutism."
From the present instructions of the Na
val Department, Germany will make the
strongest naval demonstration ever made
at Shanghai, namely, ten warships with
3200 men and 166 guns. Of these vessels
four will be large cruisers, four others will
bo somewhat smaller and two will be gun
boats.
A special dispatch from Amoy says that
both the Japanese and English marines
were withdrawn to-day and that every
thing there Is quiet.
Special dispatches to the Cologne Ga
zette announce that all classes of the Chi
nese population believe that the Chinese
have been victorious over the allied
troops. Striking Illustrations of this are
given.
FATE OF SOME MISSION
WORKERS_YET IN DOUBT
regarding Russian action. Various state
ments are made in Vienna and Berlin with
an assumed air of authority, but the bal
ance of opinion leans to the belief that
Kussia is still inclined to adhere to her
decision to quit Peking, whatever the
other powers may do.
The studiously moderate tone of Empe
ror William's speech at Stettin is much
remarked. There -as rothlng of the
"mailed fist" or of revenge in his utter
ances.
According to the Standard's Moscow
correspondent, Russia's programme main
ly concerns Manchuria, and she needs
troops from Peking to assist in the seizure
of that province, which is looked upon as
another Egypt. Her withdrawal from
Peking Is considered an attempt to poso
as a sincere adherent of the principles of
The Hague conference.
GERMANY BELIEVES i
RUSSIA WILL YIELD
The Tientsin correspondent of the Stand
ard, wiring August 30, says: "The Ger
mans paired with '.he Americans in the
march through the forbidden city. Tha
British naval brigade and the marines of
the legation guards left Peking to-day."
The Peking correspondent of the Morn
ing Post, in a dispatch dated August 23,
says Mr. Conger has written a letter as
serting that without the aid of the Ameri
can missionaries the defense of the lega
tions would have been impossible.
LONDON, Sept. 8.— It Is asserted at the
Austrian Foreign Office, according to th©
Vienna correspondent of tho Dally Mail,
that Russia has agreed to compromise,
leaving a portion of the troops in Peking
and sending the main body to Tientsin,
which will be the military headquarters.
ARBIVAL OF TRANSPORTS.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.-The War De
partment has been informed that the
transport Warren arrived at Xagasaki
yesterday, and that the transport Aztec
arrived at Kobe, Japan, to-day. The War
ren has aboard 'two battalions of the
Ninth Cavalry and the Aztec the horses
of tho Third Cavalry, in accordance with
the decision of the War Department to
not send any more troops to China both
transports have been ordered to proceed
to Manila. The men of the Third Cavalry
already have preceded their mounts to th*
Philippines.
THHEE TRANSPOBTS SAIL.
BREMERHAVEX, : Sept. 7.— Three
transports conveying troops to China
sailed from here this afternoon. The de
parting soldiers received enthusiastic
farewells from the assembled crowds.
HAVE REACHED PEKING.
BERLIN, Sept. 7.— An undated dispatch
from Shanghai announces the arrival
there from Peking of Dr. von Rosthorn,
Austro-Hungarian Charge d'Affalres In
China and Dr. P. M. Knobel, Minister of
The Netherlands.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai says Li Hung Chang has
made a request for an American escort
to accompany him on his journey to
Peking and that United States Consul
Goodnow is considering his request. Now
that a proposal more in conformity with
the original American recommendation
has apparently met with the approbation
of at least a majority of the powers, the
British Foreign Office has allowed it to
become definitely known that the British
Government is of the opinion that it is
advisable for the allied forces to remain
at Peking until satisfactory arrangements
for peace, etc., are concluded with the
Chinese Government.
RUSSIA SAID TO
AGREE TO COMPROMISE
meaning that she will withdraw her
troops outside of Peking, but not neces
sarily a great distance from that city.
EARL LI DESIRES
AN AMERICAN ESCORT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU", WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Administration officials are appar
ently planning to open the way for negotiations with the Chinese Government for a settlement of the
difficulties between it and the powers. Wu Ting Fang, ths Chinese Minister, arrived here this after
noon from Cape May, N. J., and drove at once to the State Department, where he conferred for an hour with
Acting Secretary Hill. Upon his departure Dr. Hill went to the White House, where he consulted with the
President. It is believed that subsequently Dr. Hill had communication with the Japaness Minister. Mean
while the question of commission is being discussed. Some think a con: mission to discuss the claims which
each nation will make is needless. Others hold that an international commission should be named to formu
late demands to be made on China. The President has for a month had the opinion that the only way to solve
the entire Chinese problem is for the powers to send representatives to a conference which shall determine
the penalty to be exacted from China. Should each nation present its claim individually and attempt to en
force it by its own methods, confusion would arise and the danger of the seizure of territory might be very
ssrious. There is much speculation here as to the personnel of the American Commissioners in case peace ne
gotiations should be intrusted to an international body. Among those mentioned as possible representatives
of the United States are former President Harrison and former Secretaries Day and Foster.
For a Month the President Has • Had the Opinion That the Only
Way to Solve the Problem Is for the Powers to Send Repre
sentatives to a Conference Which Shall Determine the Penalty
to Be Exacted.
COMMISSION MAY SETTLE CLAIM
OF EACH NATION AGAINST CHINA
br lr.t»rchanped on this point, and in 1?64 there
was the sam« hypooritlenl sympathy- expressed
for the soldiers an<l sailors that Is expressed
acain in 1900; In each case the expression of
sympathy for the soldier corning In as a tag
V. a declaration of h^tility to the cause for
v.hioh the soldier was Dsbtlnc, a declaration
which was certain infinitely to increase the
v.urk and danger of the soldier.
Governor Roosevelt declared that suc
cess for 1 lie Filipinos would not mean lib
erty for all the inhabitants of the islands,
but only for a certain bloodthirsty section,
who would oppress the others. Letters
and Interviews from soldiers and other3
who have been in the Philippines were
quoted to prove the assertion.
DEMOCRATIC FACTIONS
MEET IN CONFERENCE
NEW YORK, Sept. ".—There was an im
portant conference of the leaders of all
the factions of the State Democracy to
day at the Hoffman House. Richard
Croker, ex-Senator Edward Murphy Jr.,
Frank Campbell, Perry Beimont, State
Senator P. H. McCarren, Corporation
Counsel -John Whak-n and ex-Governor
Stone of Missouri, who looked after the
interests of the national committee in his
capacity of chairman of the sub-commit
tee of the Democratic party, were present.
The conferees were pledged to secrecy and
about all any of them would admit was
that an earnest effort, especially effective,
had been made to secure harmony. Jus
tice Karl «.f Albany was mentioned as a
Gubernatorial possibility. Senator Mur
pliy said that he and Senator McCarrer.
had visited Hugh MoLaughlln to-day, but
declined to say what had been discussed
L'>\vond the statement that harmony was
practically assured. He said that the
national committee would co-operate witli
the State committee in the State cara-
I>ai£n. j
National Committeeman Richardson
called on former Sccretarj- of the Treas
ury Carlisle ;ind the two were together
for an hour. Mr. Richardson said he got
no satisfaction and Mr. Carlisle said he
knew his own mind, but preferred to
make no statement. Mr. Richardson an
nounced that Bourke Cockran will take
the stump for Bryan and will be under
the direction of the speakers' bureau at
the Chicago headquarters, because it wad
Dot intended to have a speakers' bureau
in the New York headquarters, and he
though Mr. Cockran would be on the
in the West, a lar^e part of the
lime.
Former Senator Arthur P. Gorman of
Maryland arrived here to-da^' to assist
the Eastern branch of the Democratic
committee campaign.
_ — . — — »
CROKER TO CONTROL
THE CONVENTION
SARATOGA. Sept. 7.— Every delegate
who has arrived here predicts that Rich
ard Croker has the upper hand in the
contest for control of the Democratic
State Convention. Congressman Sulzer is
predicting to-night that there will be "lit
tle or no friction," and adds: "What fric
tion there is will redound to the good of
the party ai;d will give the people to un
dt-r>iand that the ticket is the outcome of
vigorous rivalry, and not like the Re
publicans, all slated weeks before."
It is said to-night that out of the 430
votes of the convention Mr. Croker will
control 277. This is providing- that Kings
County votes as a unit, which, it Is said,
it will do. There are twenty-four con
tests noted. The faction controlled by Mr.
Hill has to its credit 14& votes. It takes
me to control the convention, and Air.
Croker starts off with a total of Z1S cer
tain. Mr. Hill controls the votes In thir
ty-one counties out of the sixty-one in
the State. Mr. Croker controls the votes
of but fifteen counties outright, while
eleven are about equaJJx^ hared between
the two. Talk of the ticket .seems to fa
vor Stanchlield and Mackey for leaders.
If. however, StanchfieUl should not want
to run, Mackey is spoken of for first
place, -with Colonel Rowe of Rensselaer
for Lieutenant Governor. Rowe has quite
a boom to-night, and it is believed that it
Is quite possible to change the ticket ,so
that Mackey would be Attorney General,
with Rowe for lieutenant Governor. It
Is believed, however, that the ticket will
be made up as follows: Governor, John
U. Stanchlield of Chemung; Lieutenant
Governor. W. F. Mackey of Erie; Secre
tary of State. C. F\ Rowe of Rensselaer:
for Controller, Edwin Atwater of Dutch
ess; for Attorney General, George H. Pal
mer of Schoharie.
JUDGE J. C. NETHAWAY
DECLINES WITH THANKS
ST. PAT7I>. Minn., Sept. 7.— Judge J. C.
Nothav.ay, who was yesterday nominated
for Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court by the l>emooratie and Populist
conventions, and indorsed by the Silver
Republican State Committee, to-day de
clined the nomination with thanks. Im
portant business, he said, prevented his
acceptance.
BRYAN BECOMES HOARSE.
NEWARK. Sept. 7.— Mr. Bryan passed
through Newark to-day en route north.
He expressed satisfaction over Olney's
letter. Ite was too hoarse to make a
speech and remained with the train while
here.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. Sept. 7.— I
Governor Roosevelt arrived in this
city at 6 o'clock this evening and
was accord^ p. proat street demon
stration. To-night he ppoke In the
Auditorium, which was crowded to its ut
tnost capacity, and later made a brief
tpeech in Power's Theater. During his
'.rip through Michigan to-day Governor
Roosevelt made oight speeches, beginning
»t Bay City at S:30 o'clock in the morning
ind ending at Hastings at 5 oYlock. The
:rowdF at the various stopping places dur
ing the day were larj?e. appreciative and
respcrslve. The New Tork Governor is
pleased with his Western reception, al
though he complains that he is over
,-vrrkod. He says that while his health is
¦{ ust and his strength equal to ar.y or
s.r.ary demand he will be glad when he
crosses the Michigan State line into an
»ther State, where tlie central committee
!<-••¦ s not work !tj candidates fo hard. The
Sovernor will t>!eep here to-night In his
.-¦rlvate car an<l go to South Her.d. Ind.,
to-morrow, where he will Fpoak at 6 p. m.
r:> iernonstratlon ut the Auditorium to
=!&ht in point of numbers and enthusiasm
issed anything that has yet taken
la< e at any meeting held during the prcs
:t campaign in honor of the Vice Presi
5cr.t:a.l candidate. Thousand* were unable
lo obtain admittance to the hall.
The meeting v.as called to order by Con
pressman William Alden Smith, who in
troduced Governor Roosevelt in a telling
tddress. in which he extolled the courage
sacrifices and patriotism of the American
soldier. IVben Governor Roosevelt au
i"nrio«*d To the fr'.r.t of the s=tape the great
mdience broke into enthusiastic applause.
IVhen it had subsided he ppoke as fol
lows:
Great Issues at Stake.
There are rev^raj pre.it isyups at stake !n
0 imylcn. bat at course the greatrfZ it-sue
! :s ;'.:¦¦> ¦>¦¦--„¦> of kw-pir.g the country on
¦'.'¦ •: material well being and honor to
It baa been brought daring the last four
y<r,r¥. I do r.oi claim that President M<-Kln
!#*•¦« R4tsir*b!e administration n-r.ti the wise
!• station i*s!-s<xr by CongTP*5. which he has
sanctioned, are solely responsible for our i>rep
f.ii w.\ being, bat I do e!a!m that it is" this
hCi:.::.:^traT:on ar.d th;y lfjrislation which has
ren<5oT'e<5 it possible f r tho American people
t . BcJlieve eucfa mrell i-'.r.e. I assert further
more that the only v.ay to Injure widespread
'.. : -trial and social ruin Would be now* to
- ¦ th<» policy osder which v.e have so
propi»ere£ s.r.<i to try that policy of financial
mle •iiyatter which we re
; I la :-.'". • >::t opp nents now advance the
r: Et extraordinary arguments that have evrr
t • •• d .-idvanc*-<l in a Presidential campaign by
; any on belialf oi its Presidential nomi
rre. They haare rva:firrne.i specifically their en
tln :- ¦ ; itfcrm. and yet they insist vigor-
Durfy That a!! they <"<>n:sidered oi most vital im
rcrtan :• ¦ shall now be relegated to a
t . rdinate place; and, morf extraordinary
:I, thi-y £otu;-i!y ask that Mr. Bryan a:i<l a
J vi^ratic House be elected because the Sen
:' remain I!*-puMiean anyhow. tK> that
the President ar.d the House won't be able to
h harm. Think of it. gentlemen! This
[a ¦ position actually taken by not a few
<¦' our opponents and especially by the men
who know that Mr. Bryan's financial policy
I.- utterly ruir.-'Uf, l>ut who want to give th<»m
1 ¦ '. ¦¦< - : .•• excuse for voting against I'res'.dent
k! Kinley, because, forsooth. President Me-
K!nU^ baa i «a too active la upholding the
honor cf the Sac-.
Silver Question Paramount.
Governor Roosevelt declared that the
?.:'• r '/ Btlon: if a question at all, is par
emount. K:< i<l he:
The leaders amoa; our TPOrients are doubt-
Jrrs unf-as:!y conscious that th«-:r free silver
; would l»e di?af=trous to the welfare of
our ¦ Kintry, but ha\ing plared the part ' of
¦ -.:t ¦.-.-... s they must now reap the fruits of
their action. If t!..>y cume Into power tiie!r
inert* poFP*-s»Ion at T- »'«-r would throw this
c- untry tnt > convulsions of disaster. They
rould be obl'.ced to make war upon the pr'.n
clples of eovnd finance. The victory of Mr.
llryan wi _; I mt-ar. sacb e. »treriKthenins of
the foes of honest mon*»y a* to j«iw»rful!y Im
press everr wavering- mind In the S-nate, fo
¦ free Eilrer legislation could probably pa«s
s; and no Secretary of the Treasury
I soept offl^e under Mr. Bryan could
<3o anythire but follow a course -of action
v.hirh . . ; ; lurge our financial system into
< ! a'.:-.
Epeaktag of trusts. Governor Roosevelt
¦ chile the evil? produced must
be eliminated., hasty and violr-nt action
! be avoided, for it vrould either be
Ineffective or it would. In crushing the
¦ i qually destructive to tho pood.
He recommended publicity as the first and
310*1 potent remedy for the truyt evil.
Baying:
We most be able by law to find nut exactly
what *-a<-h carjMration d<x-« and earn?. This
r::-r- ;¦-,!;;:?-. itself will effect Fomethir.^ to-
Tiard rerr;»-<5> :ner many evils. Moreover, it will
! us a clearer idfa as to what th» rf-raain
1 evtU ere, and will therefore enable us to
1 pe our measures for attacking the latttr
r :h good prospects of Fuccess.
An Old Argument Revived.
Up ref< rrr-d to the franrhis<? tax rstab-
HEbed in New York nF a step in the right
direction. Speaking ft the war In the
Philippine*. Goveraor Booverelt said:
There is .1 close Fim'.Iarlty b«rtwcoTi the argTJ
iwnts used by the Populistic democracy at
the moment »n1 by tlw-ir anau.Kuef. the Cip
lerbeada erf ISM: and exactly as in 1SR4 po now
•n • ar-i-eal f'»r Um rapport of s>!l pood citizen?.
In l>>04 the r*»-rri(>«-ratic platform denouncvl the
further iiropecutinn «>f tn<» civil war, Ju<;t as
tl e Kansas City platform denounce* the further
prosecution ol tht- war in the I'hi'ippirK-R to
<"..- |C Moreover, in 2*0.4 the j.Iatf'.rm c« ntained
> rpeSvely th^ j^nme frantic R^scrtlon thct civil
: ! • rty and i>rivat<» riffht* had b^en trampled
• ¦ ..r<1 that justice and liberty demanded an
It n-r'.iate effort for the cessation of hostilities.
?' ?. of what 1» put in the two platforms could
Receives a Great Ovation in Micihi=
gan and Reviews the Issmes of
the Campaign.
ROOSEVELT MAKES
EIGHT SPEECHES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.
PALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 7. — Presi
dent McKinley's letter of acceptance, which Is to be published Monday
L morning. Is said by members of the administration to be the strongest pre
sentation of the Republican side of the Issues of the present campaign that
has yet appeared. The President has not sought to avoid the issue of impe
rialism. Much of his letter is devoted to the issue raised by his administration
of the islands wrested from Spain hi the late -war. He shows what has been done
in the way of Improving political conditions in these islands. Attention is called
to steps that have been taken toward the establishment of a stable and inde
pendent government in Cuba. The establishment of civil government in Porto
Rico in accordance with the act of Congress and the institution 'of civil govern
ment in the Philippines under the Philippine Commission are referred to. Another
theme to which much attention is given In the letter is the prosperity of the
country under the present tariff and monetary systems. This brings up the finan
cial issue, on which the President is said to take a firm stand in support of th*
maintenance of the gold standard as essential* to the continuance of the present
commercial and industrial prosperity of the country.
BRYAN COMMITS HIMSELP.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Ever since Mr. Bryan declined to answer questions
put to him by the New York Herald as to what his attitude would be toward the
use of silver if he should be elected President Republican leaders have been
watching his speeches carefully to find some impression committing him on this
subject. They have found what they have been looking for in Mr. Bryan's short
speech at Zanesville, Ohio, September 5, when he said: "The party stands where
it did in 1S96 on the money question,"
This single declaration. Republicans contend, vitalizes every word that Bryan
uttered in 1S06 on the silver issue and commits him unequivocally to the position
which he then occupied. Some of the Republican leaders are planning to ~ have
this sentence placarded all over the country, especially in those localities where
the sound-money sentiment is the strongest.
Special IKspatcb. to The Call.
In Letter of Acceptance Has Views
00 Imperialism and Money
Are Set Forth Fully.
McKlNLEY WILL NOT
DODGE THE ISSUES
Feared That the Crews of at Least
Two Vessels Have Been Swept
Overboard.
MIAMI, Fla.. Sept. 7.— The tropical hur
ricane, which has done much damage on
the islands of Jamaica and Cuba, struck
the Florida coast Wednesday, the wind at
one time reaching a velocity of nearly 100
miles an hour. It is feared that the crews
of at least two vessels were swept over
board, about thirty xmiles south of here.
The barkentlne Culboon of St. John, N.
B.; laden with 330,000 feet of lumber, is
ashore five miles south, of Casyfoot light,
about thirty-five »nile? south of Miami.
She is waterlogged. The Culboon was
driven by the force of the waves over one
of the reefs forming the inner passage,
and la lying in twelve feet of water. Xoth-
Ing has been heard of her crew. The Cul
boon encountered the hurricane Wednes
day morning. At 10:20, after losing her
rudder and nearly all her canvas, the ves
sel was hurled upon the rocks.
Three miles south of the Culboon is a
deserted lumber-laden bark, which strand
ed during the night of the 5th. The crew,
it is feared, was swept overboard during
the storm. The vessel has a windmill,
and is consequently thought to bo Norwe
gian.
POPE LEO TO REWARD
PROOFS OF DEVOTION
Important Changes Pending in the
Fourteen Catholic Provinces of
This Country.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— There are
some important changes pending among
the fourteen Catholic provinces of this
country, which, It Is learned, will be defi
nitely announced after Archbishop Keano'b
return from Europe. For the first time
since the Vatican council assembled at
Rome in 1869, the influx of American pre
lates has been steady during the present
year, and it Is authoritatively stated that
Pope Leo is deoply impressed with the re
ports which all of them have made con
cerning their Sees. In fact, the Pope has
never met so many members of the hier
archy from this country during a single
year before since his accession to the
Papacy. On this account he has been sen
sibly touched by their proofs of devotion
to him, and it is said he intends to em
phasize his appreciation of their loyalty
by conferring further religious favors
upon the United States.
The creation of Omaha as an archdio
cese will be officially announced soon,
while the indications are that there will
be further foundations of Episcopal sees
in Iowa, California, New York and Penn
sylvania. %''-J
It i:« 'understood that Archbishop Rior
dan of? San Francisco is to be given a co
adjutor Bishop at an early date. The
probable appointment is Dr. George Mont
gomery of Los Angeles, who has been
acting head of the St. Louis archdiocese
during the absence of its incumbent. Dr.
Keane. in Europe.
A number of monsignors or domestic
prelates of the Pope likewise will be ap
pointed in various parts of the country
soon.
5
"Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's Call,
September 9.
The Day's Dead
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Like a flash of lightning, sudden and
startling, disease strikes down many a
man. Yet there have been •warnings
upon ¦warnings, unheeded. Food has
lain like a heavy weight in the stomach
after eating. There have been belch-
ings, bitter risings in the mouth, nerv-
ousness, sleeplessness and growing irri-
tability. Instead of listening to these
warnings, recourse has been had to some
of the nerve numbing palliatives that
cover but, never cure disease. Many
serious diseases begin in a diseased con-
dition of the stomach and organs of
digestion and nutrition. For such dis-
eases there is one medicine which rarely
fails to effect a complete cure. Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discover}' cures
ninety-eight per cent, of all who give it
a fair and faithful trial. It is a temper-
ance medicine and contains no alcohol.
"I •was cJHicted with what the doctors called
nervous indigestion," writes Mr. Tbos. G. L<^er.
of Lever. Kichland Co.. S. C. "X took medicine
from my family physician to no avail. In look-
ing over one of l>r. Pierce's Memorandum
Books, I found my case described exactly. I
wrote to you and niade a statement. You sent
me a descriptive list of questions, also some
hygienic rules. I carried those out as best I
could, but thought myself incurable as I suffered
no much with pain under my ribs and an empty
feeling in ny stomach. At ni^ht would have
cold or hot feet and hands, alternately. I was
getting nervous and suffered a great ceal men-
ta!iy. thinking that death would soon claim me.
Always expected something unusual to take
place; was irritable and impatient, and greatly
reduced in flesh. I could scarcely eat any thing
tbil would not produce a bad feeling in my
e^- iach. After some hesitation, owinfr to my
pfrfjudice* against patent medicines, I decided
to trv a fewbotUes of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical thsccrery and ' Pellets.* After taking sev-
eral bottles of each, found I was Improving. I
continued for sir months or more, off and on
until I was cured."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are a
•positive cure for consU^Sion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It. boys
I A beautiful sou-
I vcnir medal of Cal-
| ifornia's 50th ad-
| mission day will be
I given free with
I every suit sold to a
I boy this week. t
I BOYS' MIDDY SUITS— The
fej prettiest Kttle polka dot vests
a we've ever seen ; some coats
g have velvet collars; new
H greens, grey mixtures and Ox- t
H fords ; just in and all neat as
m wax H
I $2.85 $3.85 $4.35 $5.50 $6.50 1
1 BOY'S FANXY VESTS — A |
IT novelty in boy's clothing, p
>3 just like men's fancy vests, m
n only neater ; good to brighten y
; B the Sunday suit $2 and upwards flONE OF CREELMAN'S HOWLS.
Sacramento Bee.
The following telegrams will explain
themselves:
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 5.— Hon. Marion
de "Vries, United States Appraisers* Office,
641 Washington street. New York, N. Y.:
Examiner publicly charges:
"A change came with the withdrawal of
De Vries, who was appointed to Federal
office by the President on the distinct un
derstanding that a Republican would be
returned to Congress In his place."
Will you telegraph an answer to that
for publication in the Bee? BEE
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— To the Editor of
The Bee, Sacramento. Cal.: What the
President may have assumed or been as
sured by his advisers I am not advised.
But any statement that I was a partv to
any compact or understanding that a'Re
publican should be returned in my place
Is absolutely false'.
MARION DE VRIES.
Be Vries' Answer.
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
TO BEGIN THIS MORNING
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
CAXIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: Having reart
the article in this morning's paper desir
ing the general public to submit sugges
tions for an Inscription, like the spirit of
Ood, to breathe the breath of life Into
the park's new music temple, I hereby
offer the following sentiment:
Music, through whose deep and
tender intonations the inner no
ble aspirations of all the races
may gladly commune, is God's
divine and universal language.
welding each eternal soul into
heaven's glorious infinite chain
of brotherly love.
ox, M. U L.
San Francisco. Sept. 9, 1900.
Valentine's Notorious Ways.
Vacaville Reporter.
"We should have more respect for the
opinions of J. J. Valentine on political
subjects If he and the Wells-Fargo Ex
press Company were not notorious of
fonoer* against the laws. Mr. Valentine
supports Bryan because the administra
tion is endeavoring to suppress a rebellion
against the authority of the United States
in the Philippine Islands. Mr. Valentine
nnvincr succeeded In defying the authority
of ihe United States expressed by its rev
enue law doubtless enjoys a fellow feeling
with Aguinaldo. who is doing the samo
thrrgr in a little different way in a differ
ent place. I'ntll Mr. Valentine's express
company bears' the burden of taxation
imposed by statute he should he placed
Incommunicado so far as expressions of
opinion on public questions.
« m •
Was Colnon "the Nigger."
Grass Valley Union.
The Stockton Mail "jumps on" Senator
Prtsk of the Third District and says some
very unkind thinps of him. We take It for
granted thnt there Is "a nigger" In the
Mail's woodpile, for Mr. Prisk made a
pood Senator.— Nevada City Herald
The rascHlly robbery in connection with
the building of tha ferry depot at San
trancisco explains It all. Senator Prisk
was one of a committee which Investi
gated the transactions of the State Har
bor Commission, of which K. I,. Colnon
editor of the Mail, was a member, and the
report of that committee was anvthlne
hut complimentary to Colnon That's the !
"nigger in the woodpile."
The question of opening up Eritlsh
Guiana as a field of emigration for some
of the tribes of India, with a view to get
ting them to settle on the soil and thus
relieve some of the congested districts
of the Indian empire, Is pressing Itself
to the front.
MR. FACING-BOTH-WAYS.
WHEN old Join, dunyan drew the immortal
portrait of Mr. Facing- Both- Ways he pre
sented a prototype which John J. Valentine
appears to have taken as a model for zealous imita
tion, for he is now practicing the double-face act with
a degree of energy that must either interfere with his
business or keep him awake at night.
Here is the situation: Bryan is going up and down
the country denouncing trusts as the sources of all
sorts of abomination. In particular he charges them
with defrauding the Government and robbing the peo
p;e, and he vows that if elected President he will make
it easier for a feather to pass unsinged through
hades than for a trust to make a living in the United
States. On the other hand, the Wells-Fargo Express
Company has formed with other express companies
a trust that constitutes a monopoly with a gaspipe
cinch on both the public and the people. That com
pany is now openly doing the very things which
Bryan denounces; it is shirking the war tax imposed
upon it by Congress, and it is shifting the burden
upon the public. Now John J. Valentine serves
Bryan as a letter writer, and serves Wells-Fargo as
president of the company. To present a smiling front
to both Bryan and the trusts would be difficult to
most men. but John J. Valentine can do it so easily
he does it for pastime.
It is but a short time since he furnished the public
with his first campaign letter declaring for Bryan, and
already he h^as issued another. At the same time he
is in the courts of California fighting for permission to
shirk upon the public the tax that Wells-Fargo ought
to pay. The argument of the corporation attorneys
in favor of the right of Valentine's company to shirk
trxes makes a gay and gaudy contrast to the letter
which Valentine recently addressed to the New York
Post declaring an intention to vote for the self-styled
champion trust buster of the country, but there is
nothing in the gaudiness that displeases Valentine's
taste. He likes it.
Mr. Valentine is for the trusts and for Bryan. He
is opposed to McKinley and opposed to paying
tares. He appears in court claiming the right to
•exert the full power of the express monopoly in ex
torting money from the public, and he shows up be
fore the public as a supporter of the demagogue who
denounces all corporations, good, bad or indifferent.
Bryan is welcome to all the aid he can get from such
ar. advocate, but when he takes Wells-Fargo into his
camp he must take the trust with it, for neither Wells-
Fargo nor its president, Mr. Valentine, will ever
r.gree to abandon the privilege of tax-shirking. They
may be facing both ways, but they are not losing sight
for an instant of their own interests.
The transport Lawton is now engaged in a busi
ness that will long be remembered as a most serious
episode in the history of the West. The great vessel
is now a pauper ship commissioned by the Govern
ment to carry back to civilization the stranded miners
of Nome.
The local Police and Fire boards have under con
sideration the abolition of the "tapper" system for th*
benefit of firemen. The substitution of the "knocker"
pystem in both departments has probably obviated the
need of any other.
Reports from London declare that Lord Roberts has
by proclamation annexed the Transvaal. It will re
quire something more, however, than paper and ink
for him to conquer what he has annexed.
Vanderbilt, it is said, has an ambition to own a
railroad to the Pacific Coast. It is sincerely to be
hoped that he will seek to realize his plans by build
ing rather than buying what he wants.
The people of the Mission appear to be wandering '
in a labyrinth of confused ideas. They have asked the
Phelanites in public office to guard public interests
with the same care as they do their own.
Local school teachers may have reason to fear that
the barber secretary of the Board of Education may
allow his instinct free play and exercise it on their
warrants.
Twentyrfive reformers exposed their heads a few |
days ago in Hankow and it is almost needless to say
that twenty-five reformer? are now minus heads.
Bryan may think he is running for the Presidency,
but to the country at large he appears more like an
advance agent of the yellow journals.
Former United States Senator Stephen
Dorsey Is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Gerrltt P. Wilder of Hono
lulu are at the Occidental.
A. P. Dron, a wealthy mining man of
Oak Flat, Is at the Occidental.
F. A. "Wickersham. a hanker of Peta
lurna, Is registered at the Palace.
John J. P.yrne of the Santa Fe Com
pany at Los Angeles Is at the Palace.
E. S. Churchill, a banker of Napa, ac
companied by his family, is staying at the
Palace.
XIrs. II. H. Hewlett, wife of one of
Stockton's most prominent bankers, is
registered at the Occidental.
H. Lindsey of Fresno is at the Lick. He
says he is out of politics and that hence
forth he will devote his time to the min
ing industry.
W. S. Calkins and wife of Nevada City
arc at the Occidental. Mr. Calkins is a
woll-kno-svn newspaper man and is here to
see the celebration.
Mrs. John Mofrlsey, wife of the popu
lar manager of the Orpheum, has left for
the East, where she will put in two
months visiting relatives.
Colonel R. J. Northam of the Governor's
staff is registered, at the Palare from Ix>s
Anprles. He Is accompanied by his wife
and Mrs. H. C. Wyatt and daughter.
Professor Sir Michael Foster of Cam
bridge University, Kngrlaml. is at the Pal
ace, accompanied by his son. During his
stay In this city he will deliver a lecture
at the Cooper Medical College.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Brave days of lov.g aip, how tnem'ries tbb anfl
flow,
. Like bubbles on youths' wtr.».
, The days when men were strong, and rtsftt
controlled the wrong.
The days of Forty-nine.
We tolled wher» nugarets gleamed, where waters
foamed and streamed.
Ah. that was life divfne.
We Joined in bout and fray—ihook hands, that
was the way
In days of Forty-nine. y
But now through wetllriB tears we scan those
misty years.
Those years of yours and mine.
And from the Bi'ent host comes many a wan
dering ghost.
That, pa3!«!nsr. mak»s no sign.
And from the golden hme that glows above
those days.
Those days that e\-er shine.
We hear the singers' wail float back along the
. trail
We blazed tn Forty-nine.
So back from mem'ries' shore the old scenes
crowd once more
And saunter down th» line.
LJft eheer and songs of praise. Here's health
to those brave days.
Brave days of Forty-nl 1*.
THE DAYS OF '49.
PARK MUSIC STAND
INSCRIPTION.
WILL RECLAIM THOUSANDS OF ACRES
OF THE FINEST LANDS IN THIS STATE
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 8, 1900
¦
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
tdd;e*s AM Ccmmurications to W. S. LEAKE, Managtr
MANAGER'S OFFICE _l^J^^^^_^lS?-HS^-l!5^1!L5?i
PlTliLlCAXIOS OFFICE. .Market •"•«! ThlrO. S. K.
Telephone 1'reM 201.
LU1TO1UAL ROOMS 21T to 221 SteveaiOD St.
Telephone Preaa 2O2.
Delivered hr Carrlern. IS Cent* Per Weete.
Mitcle Cople*. S Cents.
Terra* by Mall. Incladlnsr Paitae*)
DAIT..T CALL nnrludlng Sanday). one y»ar .....t* .W
DAILY CALU <!nrlu<iinjj Funday). « months.... t-WJ
PAILY CALL tlncludir.it Sunday), t month* 1.8*
r>A!LY CALL— Kv ?ln K le Month «5<J
ECXPAT CALL Ont Ve«r ~ LM
«EEKLT CAUL. Oat Tfir 1-00
ah poitmtiten are authorise*! to receive
subscriptions. .
£&xi>le ocple* will be fcrwardtd when requested.
"•:: aabFcr'.bm tn orarrlne chmntre of s^drexs should b*
particular to give b* th NEW ANT> OLD ADDRESS In order
to lutur* a prompt and correct compliance with their reQUMt
iUlwUM) OFFICE ...1118 Broadway
GEORGE C KROGNESS,
Warsger Fore ; gn Advertisin j f Marquette Building, Chicago.
OjObl- Dlctanoc Telephone "Central 2C19.">
NEW TORK OORRESPOKDEST:
C C. CARLTON Hertid Square
SEW TORK REPKESENTATTIT!:
£TL PKEN B. SMiTH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS ETAM38:
Hotel; A. Brrataao. fl Union Squaxe;
Uunw Hill liotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cfcerman Hctw; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Premont Ucuae; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON |D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspond»nt.
THE' Kansas City platform says: "The greedy
commercialism which dictated the Philippine
policy of the Republican administration at
tempts to justify it with a plea that it will pay, but
even this sordid and unworthy plea fails when
brought to the test of fact?."
Mr. Hearst is frantically supporting that platform
J and that plank in his •'only three Democratic papers
in the United States." nnd is especially calling on Cali
fornia to give her electoral vote to Br)-?.n, to vote
for alienation of the Philippines and to rebuke "the
greedy commercialism" of President McKinley. No
! natter what high virtues may appear in a reaction
against an experiment in externalism, which some of
the wisest have deplored, it is not for Hearst and
his papers to advise people on that subject. When
j the question was in the yolk, and without form in
public opinion, he was capering and screaming
"Nail the flag to the Philippines!" Before Spain sur
rendered, before Manila fell, before the protocol, he
said in the Examiner (August 6, 1898): "There is
nobody in this part of the world who does not see
that the control of the Philippines would be of im
mense financial value to the United States. In the
islands are over ?eren millions of people, occupying
over one hundred thousand square miles of the rich
est land on earth. We have, under conditions of close
I commercial relations, built up a trade of fifteen or
I twenty millions with the little Hawaiian group, of a
few thousand square miles of territory and only one
I hundred thousand inhabitants. It needs no prophet
[ to foresee the great development of trade with the
Philippines under similar conditions."
Again. August 9 he said in a scornful reply to the
"little Americans" who were making the same argu
ments Bryan makes now and he indorses: "Well, we
I should keep the Philippines — because it would pay;
'because the land is one of immense richness; because
we need markets for our manufactures outside our
own land: because it will give us a favorable posi
| tion to contend for the trade of the Orient; because
i the commerce of the Pacific is ready for the greatest
development in history, and if it is turned this- way
San Frnncisco will become one of the largest cities
in the world."
No greedy commercialism about that! August 11,
; iRofi. he began to prod the President, saying: "The
I situation as regards the Philippines is that we cannot
; give them away without danger to the peace of the
I world. / We cannot return them to Spain without in
| cnrring the same damage. We are aware that the
i President hesitate? to assume the very large respon
l fibilities of annexation, but the force of circumstances
! is working remarkably in that direction."
In regard to consent of the governed and equality
. before the law Mr. Hearst's views ripened early. He
i proposed non-equality for the Filipinos and that they
; should belong to us but be pent up in their own
; islands. August 13. I#q8. in an editorial in the Ex
aminer entitled "No Trouble From the Malays."
answering the question, "Are these millions to be
allowed to come to this country?'' he said: "The
question is a proper one, and there would be grave
grounds for hesitating in the acquisition of these
land; if there were danger that these races would
move toward the United States. There is one
reason for believing that they would not make such
a movement in the fact that they have not done so
to the present time. Except for the Chinese in the
Philippine Islands, none of the residents of the Span
ish territory have been debarred from coming to this
country- if they h=ive nnt been attracted hither in
the past, it may be doubted whether they would be !
drawn here in the future. But supposing that with
their attention attracted to the United States, by
the establishment of American rule and commerce
among them, they should begin to move in our
direction, IT WILL F.F. JUST AS MUCH
WITHIN OUR POWER TO PREVENT THAT
MOVEMENT IF THE ISLANDS BECOME
OURS AS IT WILL RE IF THEY REMAIN
THE PROPERTY OF SPAIN."
No imperialism about that! Mr. Hearst wanted the
islands because they were "treasure islands" and it
would pay. and then he proposed a policy that is de
fined as the essential oil of tyranny and imperialism,
that, belonging to us. the people should.be forbidden I
to migrate and denied the right to come here and i
look at their owners!
Having early settled all these questions, Mr. Hearst
claimed that annexation for commercial reasons and
denial of the right of expatriation to the people were
Democratic dnctrinas, purely JefTcrsonian, and that
Democrats were tired of having to vote the Repub
lican ticket to secure the triumph of Democratic
principles. Hearst on November 12, 189S. after the
sweeping Republican victories of that year, kissed
and made up with Britannia to this effect: "The
powers, even if united, would have their hands full if ;
they tackled this aroused country, and they would
kno-w very well that they had been in a fight before
they were through with their job of coercion.
"BUT WITH ENGLAND OUR FRIEND we
can laugh at the fulminations of all the other powers
and go right ahead settling our little dispute with
Spain in our own sweet way. And that is just what
we propose to do. We have made up our minds
to take the Philippines, and we arc going to take
them, paying a fair price and wronging nobody.
But just let any of those powers trje^o stop us
as we are carrying home the bundle, and we will
show the world just one more example of a
power getting thumped and mauled and thrown
in the gutter. So, go right ahead, President
McKinley. Don't let them scare you a bit. The
elections are over, the country is behind you, and
the people are really spoiling for a little diversion be
fore their blood cools. Tell the powers to mind their
own business or you'l! teach them how to do it."
There is something really delicious in that
metaphor of packing the Philippines home as spoils,
like a bundle we had bought, and knocking every ob
jector into the gutter. Yet. that was Democracy ac
cording to Hearst less than two years ago, and tho
California platform thanks him for his great services
to the party! What answer has the party and the Ex
aminer to make to the Democracy it advocated in
1808?
POLITICAL HYPOCRISY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. 1900.
6
| /"""* REELMAN'S screeds have long since ceased to
| I make any impression upon the minds of intel
j Vta^ ligent men. The press no longer finds it neces
i sary to^refute his strange tales or to point out the ab
surdities of his statements. Now and then, however
some newspaper takes occasion to review one of his
yarns for the purpose of amusing, its readers by ex
posing the crude way in which the fellow earns his
money. An instance of that kind has just occurred,
and as it relates to certain campaign material Creel
i man is concocting for the Bryanites it is worth re
peating as an illustration of what passes for politics in
the yellow journals.
Creelman went to Toledo to find evidences of dis-
I tress among workingmen. He was in search of
j wage-earners out of a job, or those whose wages have
[been reduced — discontented men who are going to
vote for Bryan and better times. He wrote his storj
for the New York Journal, and the Toledo Blade ha ;
reviewed it. The Blade says: "Toledo people hav<
an jdea that this is rather a busy and prosperous .city
but Creelman says 'it is not so. According to hh
tale of woe thousands of idle men are walking the
streets crying because they have not something bet
ter." It goes on to say Creelman referred to formci
millhands now working on the boulevard as horrible
examples of distressed workingmen, and pretended tc
quote some of them. It then adds:
One of the officials who accompanied Mr. Creelmai
tells what the latter actually found on the boulevard
He only met one man who had worked for the rollinj
mills— a contented Irishman, with all the wit of a natlv<
son of Erin.
After Creelman had discovered that this victim o:
prosperity had worked in the mills for ?3 per day anc
was now working for $150 he said:
"Then you are just losing $1 50 every day?"
"Hell! Who's losing- money?" profanely replied th<
Irishman.
"You are." said Creelman.
I am not.
"Yes. you are. Didn't you tell me that you worked Ir
the mill for $3, and now, since the mill has closed down
you are only getting $150? Therefore you are losing jusi
$1 50 per day." ,
"The , — I am," said Pat; "didn't I tell ye thot th«
mills always shut down In the summer? Ain't I t
wurkin' here fer a pasthime, an' ain't I glad to be git
tin' a dollar an' a half?" •
"Well," said Creelman, "you fellows have got Jusi
what you voted for, and I suppose you oug-ht to be sat
isfied with empty dinner pails."
"Whose dinner pail is impty?"
"Why, you fellows who have been out of work."
"Indade, me dinner pail ain't empty. I kin pit a fui:
dinner out of me pail ony day, and then two lunches."
Creelman drove on and wrote up this man as a dis
contented, disheartened victim of McKinleyism.
That is an illustration of the way in which the whole
calamity story was faked up. After reviewing several
other points of the yarn the Blade says: "It was also
a significant fact that Creelman did not find one man
on the boulevard who expressed discontent or who
would say he intended to vote for Bryan."
Such are the resources of the calamity howlers in
these days. Truly Bryan and Creelman are a pretty
pair, and it is fitting the one should be going about
hunting for "facts" to support the speeches of the
other.
DEMOCRATIC IMBECILITY
"""[""'HE platform committee of the Democratic
I State Convention at San Jose Thursday night
ascended to a height of imbecility seldom
achieved even by politicians when it refused to indorse
the course of ex-Congressman Marion de Vries in
the House of Representatives because he has ac
cepted an appointment as member of the New York
Board of Appraisers from President McKinley. If
the committee had paused at this refusal perhaps the
hue of its asininity might have seemed pale and in
effectual to the undiscerning observer; but it un
covered its whole envious system when it compro
mised with the friends of De Vries by congratulating
him upon his appointment! '
Subjected to analysis, the action of the committee
amounted to this: The Democracy of California
cannot indorse the course of Mr. de Vries in Con
gress for moral reasons: he has accepted an office
from President McKinley and has thus withdrawn
from the Second Congressional District at a critical
moment; shortly before this he voted for the Porto
Rico bill, and the Democracy of California suspects
that this vote obtained for him the appointment. In
short, President McKinley offered De Vries a bribe
for that vote and he gathered it in. Yet the Democ
racy of California heartily congratulates him on hav
ing accepted the bribe!
It was singularly appropriate that in evolving this
logical postulate, "Buggy Robe" Braunhart, one of
Phelan's pin-headed Supervisors, should have been
conspicuous upon the committee. Whenever the
Democracy of California needs a jackass to make it
ridiculous it is fortunate in securing the services of
this ex-Buckley lamb. Whenever it happens that
Braunhart is not available, in consequence of obscur
ity forced upon him by the people, somebody
promptly makes him available. For this occasion
Mayor Phelan made him available. That individual,
himself a political donkey of some pretension, sent
him to San Jose to represent the people of this city!
Braunhart charged De Vries with having accepted
an appointment at the hands of President McKinley
in pursuance of a plan to turn the Second District
over to the Republicans. This is false, and he knew it
when he made the charge. At that time the Second
Congressional delegation had indorsed the course of
De Vries in the Lower House and had congratulated
the State and nation upon the appointment of a first
class man on the New York Board of Appraisers.
This should have been sufficient for the Platform
Committee. If the Democracy of the Second Dis
trict still believes in De Vries, and is willing to indorse
his course in Congress, certainly the Braunharts, the
Poppers, the Hcnleys and the Tolands should not
have complained.
Probably a true explanation of the action of the
committee may be discovered in the spirit of envy
manifested by many of the politicians who comprised
its membership. The office of United States Ap
praiser is one of the most important in the country.
The members of the New York board are appointed
for life and receive $7000 a year each. The law pro
vides that they shall be appointed equally from the
leading political parties, and the vacancy which has
been filled by the appointment of Mr. de Vries called
for a Democrat. President McKinley first offered the
place to ex-Congressman Bynum of Indiana, whose
name, however, was rejected by the Senate. Then he
complimented the Pacific Coast by choosing an able
young Democrat from California, who had twice been
honored by the people of one of its Congressional
districts with their confidence. Moreover," in making
his canvass for the place, De Vries secured the in
dorsement of all the commercial and financial bodies
of California, irrespective of party. Could any ap
pointment have been secured more fairly?
California's interest in having a representative
upon the New York Board of Appraisers is practi
cally illimitable. Time alone will show what Mr. de
Vries can do for us in the position. But office-seeking
Democrats of the pinhead variety never witness the
advancement of a member of their party with patience.
Perhaps, however, we should be charitable. Braun
hart at least has not sufficient sense to help it.
Germany has ordered American' troops to vacate
ground conceded to ~ the Germans in Tientsin, and
the command 'has necessarily been obeyed. A com
mand made under different conditions and in reference
to different ground necessarily would have been dis
obeyed.
No one would be condemned perhaps for express
ing a shrewd guess that the tears which flowed from
the eyes of a Chinese audience the other day at the
story of their Emperor's wrongs were of the croco
dile variety.
If certain corporations which refuse to pay their
licenses to the city were as lax in collecting their bill*,
as they arc in paying-, them the people of San Fran
cisco would be justified in taking a day off for a cele
bration.
¦ ¦ : ¦ ' ' - : r : ' : —¦
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford in the following important letter has explained the law of
the situation to Commissioner oi Public Works Frank T. Eyan, and the latter says that the way ia
now clear to begin big improvements on our navigable streams and tide water lands. The start
will be made on Bear River improvements and will necessitate an expenditure of $25,OOO.
Hon. Frank D. Ryan, Commissioner of
Public Works, Sacramento— Dear Sir: In
your communication of August 15, 1900,
you say:
Has the Commissioner of Public Works and
the Auditing Board, under the act of the Legis
lature approved February 9, 1900, providing
for the work to be done by said Commissioner
and board and prior acts, authority to contract
for work to bo done on Bear River, between
Wheatland and the mouth of said river, so as
to assist the flow of the flood waters of said
river and thereby promote proper drainage of
the lands and territory adjacent to said river?
I am also in receipt of a communication
from Hon. Robert T. Devlin in relation
to the same matter, wherein he calls at
tention to the limitations placed upon the
work that might be done by yourself and
the Auditing Board prior to the act of the
Legislature to which you refer, setting
forth at considerable length the reasons
for the passage of the act in question.
It appears that prior to the passage of
this act the Auditing Board -as well an
yourself were limited to the work out
lined in a certain report which had been
referred to and made the basis of the
original act creating the Auditing Board
to the Commissioner of Public Works.
The amendatory act referred to in your
communication pro%-ldes for work other
than and in addition to that outlined and
described in the report above mentioned,
and in that behalf the amendatory act,
at page 21 of the Statutes of 1900, says:
In addition to the work outlined and described
In paid report, the said Commissioner of Public
Works and Board of Auditors are hereby au
thorized and empowered to perform other, fur
ther and additional work upon the Sacramento
River, the San Joaquln, Feather and Tuolumne
rivers, and Petaluma, Alviso and Napa creeks,
and upon all tide waters entering and flowing
into the bays of San I'ablo, Suisun and San
Francisco, and also upon the navigable creeks,
rivers and slouehs of the State of California
of a charwter and nature similar to that out
lined and described in said report, for the pur
pose of promoting drainage, rectifying channels
and Improving navigation.
After quoting the above provision Mr.
Devlin refers to certain matured plans
which have been agreed upon by yourself
and the Auditing Board for the carrying
nut of the purposes of the act of iSOO, and
which plans involve the contemplated
work in and about the old channel of Bear
River. Mr. Devlin further says:
It may be asserted as a question of fact that
no drainage of the Sacramento River can be
complete without the completion of this* worK
upon Bear River, and that the completion or
this work upon Bear River Is an Integral part
of the plan for the Improvement of the »acra
mento River.
The question presented in the commu
nications of yourself and Mr. Devlin
would seem to resolve itself into tne
single proposition as to whether or not
work done a distance from the Sacra
mento River could be deemed "work upon
the Sacramento River" within the mean
ing of the act of 1&00. provided such wor«c
was necessary for the accomplishmentor
the purposes set forth in said act. The
principle here involved has long since been
determined by the Supreme Court of this
! State as well as by the Supreme Court or
the United States, and I believe by the
Supreme Court of every State and Terrl
tor>' where there has been any consider
able amount of mining litigation.
The Federal statutes In relation to
annual labor upon mining claims provide
that "on each claim located after the
passage of this act and until a patent
shall have been Issued therefor not lesa
than one hundred dollars' worth of labor
shall be performed or Improvements made
during each year." L.abor performed "on
each claim" has been herd to include labor
performed a distance from the claim It
self, as where the labor is performed in
the turning of a stream or the Introduc
tion of water, or where the improvement
consists in the construction of a flume to
carry oft the debris or waste material and
the like.
The principle to be kept in view, the
court ?avs la that the labor must be per
formed "with a view of developing the
claim and extracting the minerals there
from; that if such labor tend to accom
plish this purpose that it i.=, within The
meaning of the law. performed "on the
claim." This principle you will find laid
down in De Noon vs. Morrison, S3 Cnl.
161, St. Louis Smelting Company vs.
Kempt, 104 U. S. 654, and also in 2 I-ind
ley on Mines, sec. 631. page Till, where th»
authorities are collected and cited.
There has never been a dissenting voice.
so far as I have ever heard, in rospect to
I the principle last above set forth. The
same reasoning must apply here, p .)..,
Auditing Board to the Commls«i : -,'.' '.
Public Works, together with your. .
such Commissioner, shall find aa * ferr
that the doing of the work cont Tnpfar \
upon the Bear River is necessary • ' c ,,_'
plete the general scheme of drain. <.. ".,,.'.;"
vided for in the act of 1D0O and thai tap*
work tends directly to the acct>ri''i u v"
ment of the purposes set forth in the apt
referred to. then I am of tho opinion thai
such work Is within the meaning nf th»am
of 1900 and that thf> Aurlltins: Board
gether with yourself, has authority ti
do such work. Any other construction It
seem? to me, would violate the eleartj ex
pressed purposes of the act. Wrv tn '¦»
yours. TIRF.Y I,. FOR'n. "'
Attorney Carter;.:
San Francteco, September »>, 190Q
IMPORTANT WORK
WILL BEGIN AT ONCE*
Commission Has Laid Out Plans to
Clear the Course of Bear
River.
Frank D. Ryan. Comm^sinnpr of Pub
lic Works, was seen by a roprrs<»ntat!v»
of The Call and stated that a meeting of
the Board of Public Works will be held n*
Sacramento to-day to consider the advis
ability of startir.g work on the proposed
improvement an Bear River at once. It i*
thought that the work to be performed
will necessitate an expenditure of abmr
$25,000.
It is the intention of the commission 'o
clear the brush in the frc<\ of the rivor
and to confine the stream to a channel
that will carry the water off and give It
clear right of way in Its flow toward th«
Feather River. This plan, while rectify
ing the course of the stream by confining
it, will result in great benefit to farmers
along the river, by preventing possibility
of overflow of their lowlands.
This opinion, rendered by Attorney Gen
eral Tlrey I* Ford, and subsequent work
to be performed by the Hoard of Ptibiic
Works, will be tha means f.f reclaimirg
thousands of acres of the finest lands ir
the State.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 7.-B. Kendall
and Miss Jennie A. Kendall of Pasadena
are at the Shoreham. Earl H. Webb ol
San Francisco and II. J. Chinn of Helena
are at the Raleigh. A. W. Keumbeck 01
San Jose is at the St. James. J. H. Ad
ams, wife and son and J. J. Collins and
wife of Tjos Angoles are at the Arlington,
J. Harrison Cole of Los Angeles is at the
Metropolitan.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— Joseph V. Selby
of San Francisco is, at the Waldorf. M.
Brown of San Francisco is at the Savoy.
Warning to Those Who Registered
Since January First, but Have
Since Moved.
Precinct registration will open this
morning at 10 o'clock and remain open
until 10 o'clock this evening. Six hundred
and six specially appointed deputies will
assume charge of registration in 303 pre
cincts. The Registrar's office at the City
Hall will also remain open for registra
tion, ii
Only 48,000 voters have registered so far.
leaving some 27,000 names to be placed on
the roll. Citizens are urged to register
in order to be able to vote for President
on November 6,. 1900.
Those who have registered since Jan
uary 1. 1900, and have changed their resi
dence must have the same corrected. Pre
cinct officers are forbidden to make any
such changes. Precinct registration is only
for those who have not registered as yet.
The Registrar's office will be open until
10 o'clock in the evening for the conveni
ence of citizens who have changed their
residences.
1 » ¦
Objects to Overhead Wires.
The Merchants Association filed a pro
test with the Board of Supervisors yes
torday against granting further permits
for stringing overhead District Telegraph
or messenger service wires on poles In
underground districts 1 and 2. The asso
ciation says that it is to be regretted that
the ordinance on the subject as construed
by the City Attorney exempts these wires
from those which are to be removed from
the street, as it was the clear understand
ing of the association and of the different
district telegraph and messenger compan
ies that all such wires strung on poles
within the underground district should be
removed.
Russia's New Calendar.
It !s said that Russia is about to adopt .1
new calendar. Each year contains 13 months nf
twcnty-clprht day* each, and begins on lion
d ??u? nd ? nd ? rn Sa » ur day. The main feature
of this calendar Is its apparent stahiHty. and 'r
this It resembles the sovereign remedy Mr,.'
tetters Stomach Bitters, which has held a,"
unrnovable* position for half a century Try ir
for indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation nerv
outness or insomnia, but be sure you get thi
genuine. 1 ¦ . * u »« me
Carson City. Xev. —SAM DAVT3.
Ice cream and soda at Townsend's. •
« ? » «
Pure fruit juices used at Townaend's. •
Ice cream by the gallon at Townscnd's.*
Townpend's California glace fruits. .We a
pound In fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets
633 Market street. Palace Hotel. • '
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press CUpptne Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main X04X •
» •»-.
Tn tho Unltrfi Ftatps ami Canada thera
are M0.094 Odd Fellows and SC7.335 Free-
masons.
Mothers give Pr. Slpsrerfa Ansmstura Bltterjj
to their children to stop colic and looseness o'#
the bowels. r
Remov? the cause* that make your hair il>-
!ess and sray with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for cores. 13 cts
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand >r a-houfe — "Trilby."
Tivoll-"Emar.l."
Alcazar — *'Th** MaPQUeraxJers."
Columbia — "A Great obstacle."
A'.hair.bra— "fhij 1 Ahoy."
Orj'heuiri — Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Kddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo ani ThPat^r — Vaudeville every afternoon ar.d
Fisch<r>— Vau<i*\i!le.
Alta Theater, 'jrove ftrwt — "On the Trail."
Pain"s Battle of San Juan. Folsom and Sixteenth streets.
Putro Rath? — Ofen r.ljrht?.
Tanforan Park— Thf Grrat Fair, Fept ember T4 to October 6.
\ THERE ARE PROPHETS /
\ AND SONS OF /
\ PROPHETS. /
The newest son ot a prcphet is in f
• . Southern California, X
f In the
September 9. S
I HOW JACK CHRETIEN \
/ SPENDS HIS TIME IN JAIL. \
/ THE MOQUI \
/ INDIAN SNAKE DANCE. \
/ HAS SEEN AMD TALKED \
/ WITH THE DEPOSED EMPEROR. \
/ THE STORY OF LEUNG KAI TIN. \
/ THE SENSATIONAL STORY OF THE DAY, \
/ ..."VALDA»...V
/ BEGINS SUNDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 9. \
j .:.. THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL....SAYS CONSTITUTION
FOLLOWS THE FLAG
Billing of Hawaiian Judge in the
Case of George Edwards, Con
victed of Criine.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 7.— The steam-
ship Warrimoo brings news that the
Hawaiian couTts. In the case of George
Edwards, convicted of crime after the
American flag: was raised in Hawaii, has
dpcldpfl that the constitution follows the
flap. Edwards was convicted on a verdict
of ten to one and the court grants an
appeal, as a unanimous decision is de
manded under the constitution.
Disaster Casts a Gloom Over the Man
euvers on the Borders of Gali
cia and Bohemia.
VIENNA. Sept. 7.— During the Austrian
military maneuvers to-day on the borders
of Galicia and Bohemia a big gun explod
ed, killing- four men outright and fatally
wounding eighteen others.
McBRIDE PAEDONED
Executive Clemency Exerted on Be
half of a Postoffice Employe.
WASHINGTON, Sent. 7.— The President
has pardoned Frank M. McBride, who was
convicted at Salt Lake City, in May, lRffS,
for embezzlement of $3072 postoffice funds
while assistant Postmaster at Salt Lake,
and sentenced to four years in the Utah
penitentiary.
Tho Attorney General irt recommending
the pardon says that recently obtained
evidence raises a serious doubt as to
whether there ever was such a shortage
;is wns claimed, and in view of the fur
ther fHCt that McBride already has served
one year he thiriks executive clemency
General Miles in North Dakota.
MI NOT, NJ D.. Sept. 7.— General Nelson
A. Miles and party arrived here this
morning in their special car. Those com
prising the party are, besides General
Miles. Colonel F. Micheler. a.id de camp;
Major J. D. Black of Valley City; J. V.
Foster of Evanston, 111.; Sherman Miles
and Mrs. Miles. The party left in car
riages for the hills this afternoon for a
duck ehoot. From Minot they will Jour
ney westward to the coast via the Great
Northern, inspecting the different military
posts on the way.
Meat Condemned.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 7.— To-day a cor
poration Inspector condemned a large por
tion of the beef and mutton preserved by
a new sterilized air process, brought by
the British steamer Southern Cross. Cap
tain Phipps, from Buenos Ayres, August
5. The re.^t of the cargo realized about
hair the prices of the American chilled
beef.
«
Accidentally Killed.
CHICAGO. Sept. 7.— Charles Gilbert. 71
years of age, a pioneer member of the
Chicago Board of Trade and one of the
founders of the suburb of Evanstown,
was killed to-nSght by falling down a cel
larway of an Evanston store. Two of his
children— Charles W. Gilbert and Mrs.
Walter Williams-live In California.
Deutschland Leads.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.-Tho British
steamer Critic, which arrived at Quaran
tine to-night from Dundee, reports on
September 5 having passed the steamers
Deutschland, from New York for Ham
burg and the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse,
for Bremen. The Dcutschland was about
two miles ahead.
Queen Victoria May Go to Germany.
BERLIN, Sept. 7.— It Is Bald in court cir
cles here that Queen Victoria will visit
Dowager Empress Frederick next month
unless the Iatter's condition meanwhile
should considerably Improve, which is not
probable.
Santa Barbara Tennis Results.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 7.— The re
aults of the second day's play brought
the open handicap tennU tournament now
on at the Country Club down to the
finals, which will be played to-morrow.
Much interest Is manifested and the play
ing is of a high order. To-day's contests
resulted as follows:
Gentlemen's elnsie — Alexander (owe half fif
teen) beat White (scratch), 2-«, 6-3, fc-4. Fith
ian i owe half fifteen) beat gpauldin? (fifteen),
S-6, 7-C.
Mixed doubles— MIbs Garland and White (half
Blteen) beat Hr«. Bawyer and Felton (half
thirty), 6-3, fi-1.
Gentlemen's doubles— Fithian and Alexander
fowe half fifteen) beat White and McDuffle
(owe half fifteen), 6-4, 6-1. More and Sheffield
i half fifteen) beat Felton and Redin?ton
iscratch), 4-4, 6-1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— The Census Bureau
announces that the population of Scranton, Pa.,
is 102.026. as apainet 73.215 in liW, an Increase
of 2£,SU, or i'i.Ci per cent.
Wife of a Wealthy Californian Found
Lying Stupefied on a Sidewalk
in Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 7.— Mrs. Eureka
A. Willets, wife of a wealthy California
ranchman, was found to-night in a Ftupor
on the sidewalk in front of the Baltimore
Hotel. A week ago Mrs. Willets. accom
panied by hrr 12-year-old daughter, came
here on business for her husband. At this
time it is supposed that her mind must
have become aflected by illness, for she
went to the Coates Hotel and secured a
position as dishwasher.
Her husband, J. T. Willets, is in Topeka.
He formerly owned a ranch in Santa Ana.
Cal.. and raised horses. The business did
not prove protitnble. and he sold his ranch
four months ago and brought seventeen
race horses to Topeka to sell. Mrs. Wil
lets if a refined and well educated woman.
Her little daughter says they have not
notified Mr. Willets because they did not
want to worry him.
FOUR KILLED BY THE
EXPLOSION OF A GUN
MRS. EUREKA WILLETS
IS 'PROBABLY INSANE
Erit'sh Financial Houses Anxious
I/est Outsiders K«ap the Finan
cial Benefits of the War.
CAPE TOWN, Sept. T.— American ener
gy promises to be rewarde/i by pecuring
orden for 300 large coal trucks. Involving
ClSOjOOO, about to be placed by gold min
ir.g <xmpa.nies of the Hand, the .juick de
liv.-ry »c which is vitally Important,
Tf'rioV-rs w«-re received from lirilish and
American manufacturers, but the latter
quoted lower prices and promised more
speedy delivery.
British financial houses fear that the
English manufacturers will allow foreign
ers to reap the commercial benelits cf the
Entire Party Suffered From Cold
During the Long Winter in
the Polar Region.
CHRIFTTANIA, P"pt. 7— Further details
TYjr.ir<1:np the Arctic expedition of the
Duke of Abrnzzl. on board the Stella
Polare. whose safe return was reported
yesterday fr^m Trornsoe, Norway, show
that the* expedition last year througrh
Klgfcti&galc Sound and the British Canal
reached as far north as S2.4. but, finding
do wintering harbor. It returned to Tip
:1tz Pay. Crown Prince Rudolph Land,
where the Stella Polare was frozen in
about September 1.
The L-uke of Abruzzi's fir.gers were
froetl itten on a trial sledgre trip at Christ
mas, and two joints were amputated,
.-r.g him to remain for several months
:r. tua tent.
Ti:e cold increased to 12 Oeprees Cp!
tius. On March 11, the advance was re
n. wed and trn men started north. After
ren days' mar-chins three started to re
ttirr to the ship, which, however, they
never reached. Their fate is unknown.
A second party of three men passed the
eighty-third parallel after a inarch of
twenty days and then returned to the
chip.
A t'.ird party, led by Captain Cagni.
with two AJpine guides and an Italian
sailor, reached latitude fc<>.33, and was then
eMlgred to return throng-h lack of food.
I? started with Fix fledpc-s and forty-five
t - ..nd returned with two sk-dges and
f • \ »n iiog-s. having subsisted for seven
t •¦¦ :: dava exclusively on dog flesh. On
"051 "*. the St»Ua Polare started home
ward. Ffc<» traversed the British <"anal
li . single flay and thpn drifted about for
a fortnight in a severe struggle with
drift Ice before reaching tbe open sea.
AMERICANS SECURE
EXTENSIVE CONTRACTS
THREE OF THE STELLA
POURFS CREW WERE LOST
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., Sept. 7.— The
Democrats and silver party men effected a
fusion last night, and to-day nominated
F. G. Newlands for Congress, A. L. Fitz
gerald of Eureka for Supreme Court
Judge, J. N. Evans of Reno for long-term
Regent, W. W. Booker of Elko for short
term Regent.
John Dennis of Reno, John Webber of
White Pine and Richard Kirman of Car
son were nominated for Presidential Elec
tors.
The platform indorses the Chicago and
Kansas platforms; holds that silver ques
tion is one of the important problems
of the campaign; opposes trusts and con
demns the administration for placing the
flag in the Philipines; extends sympathy
and morai support to the Boers; opposes
alliance of United States with foreign na
tions; objects to lotteries and prize-lights;
favors shorter hours for labor and a
State officer to serve as Commissioner of
Labor; favors liberal appropriations for
storage reservoirs and the passage of a
law limiting the expenses of candidates
for office; congratulates the silver forces
on the riddance of Stewart; eulogizes
Francis G. Newlands: Invites co-operation
of the Southern Pacific in building up the
btato and favors a constitutional conven
tion.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— Secretary of
State Curry was called upon this morr.
ing to decide between two rival political
tickets, each claiming to represent the
Socialist Labor party and each presented
for filing in the office of the Secretary of
btate. Two conventions were held, one
at San Francisco on August 19, of which
Gustav Postle was chairman and William
Senner secretary, and the other at Los
Angeles on August 24, of which George
». Holm.es was chairman and James C.
Hiriey secretarv.
The San Francisco ticket was declared
the legal ticket by the Secretary of State
ana was filed. It was not shown by the
Los Angeles contingent that any prfmary
had been held. Through Cameron 11.
King, representing San Francisco, it was
shown that that wing had authority 10
hold a convention and it was also shown
that a primary election had been held.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Sept. 7.-The Dem
ocratic State Convention reassembled at
9 o'clock this morning. The following
nominations were made: State Auditor,
H. S. Hayes; Treasurer, R. C. Lund; At
torney General, A. J. Weber; Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, D. N. Forter;
Supreme Court Judge, J. AV. M. White
cotton; Presidential Electors, O. W. Pow
ers, I. C. Thorens and A. II. Tarbett.
TUCeON. Ariz., Sept. 7.— The resigna
tion of Charles F. Hoff from the Demo
cratic Central Committee has caused con
siderable anxiety In Democratic circles.
Mr. Hoff, who is a leader of the Pima
County Democracy, published a letter this
morning in which he gave as his excuse
for resigning the fact that the Democrats
of the county failed to Indorse Bryan and
free sliver in their platform.
Kansas City Platform Indorsed and
Free Coinage Declared to Be
the Important Issue of
the 3>ay.
Fitzgerald of Eureka the Choice of
the Silverites for Supreme
g Court Judge.
Virginia City Convention
Nominates Newlands
for Congress.
FUSIONISTS OF
NEVADA NAME
THEIR TICKET
faotorilv answered."
If all the HS.O*) men strike it is anrued
bv the mine-workers' officials that the
sfrtke can be won in thirty days. There
is. it is said, plenty of aid La sieht to
maintain the strikers and their fajnilles.
The org-ar.izers and officials of the bi
tmolBOnj districts hav<» been called here
tr.d all report favorably on the abiiity
to prevent diversion of coal.
VVILKESBARKE, Pa.. Sept. 7.— Miners'
meeting* were h^ld In various parts of the
cerned the eitxi&tloo is practically tM
same as yesterday. The deliberations to
day were* for the purpose of putting the
meir.bers of the executive board In pos
session of Bcicfa facts as must necessarily
enter Jr.to !!;eir consideration before a
Strike can be ordered. The facts em
braced three questions: Will all the men
strike? How can :h«> half minion p«oplo
be mainta!ned durinp :he strike, and can
the bituminous district prevent coal from
being diverted to the advantage of the
anthracite operators? All have been satis-
cr XPIANAPOLIS. BepL -.-Tr.der the
constitution of the United Mln?-
W'irii»rs cf America tho executive
hoard must decide before 6 o'clock
O :o-!Tiorrow night upon the applica
tion of th? district embraced in the an-
Thrsci1» r«?siOR for permission to strike.
Indications to-night are that before the
time limit has expired messages will have
beer, sent to the presidents of the thr^e
districts in question announcing that ihc
permission has been {Trained. Fo'lowinr
tfaese messages will l«e others ordering
T.ie men oat of the mines.
TJiO question of orderlr.g the strike WU3
rot submitted to a vote «r? the meeting
of the executive boanl. which was in ses
sion here all day, but President Mitchell
eaiJ to-night:
"I eaid pome time ajro that in my opin
ion *here would be a bis strike. After
talking with my colleagues all day I
luive no reason to ebanse my mind.
"In bo far as actual results a.re con-
Mine-Workers' Officials Claim That if All the
Men Affected Walk Cut the Strike Can
Be Won Within Thirty Days at
the Furthest.
Wyoming Valley to-night and the strike
situation discussed. In nearly all the meet
ings the Dentlment was in favor of abid
iny by the decision of the executive board
Of the United Mine Workers, now in ses
sion In Indianapolis.
At the meeting held at Kingston there
was much opposition to a strike. ; Some
of the miners said the organization was
not strong enough to carry the men
through a long strike. At Wanamie and
Glenlyon the miners were aimost a unit
lor a Ftrike.
a; the Woodward mine of the Lacka
wanna Company this afternoon the fore
man took a vote of tho employes to see
how they stood on a strike. It is said only
four out of 470 men voted not to strike
The operators in this section are now con
vinced that nothing but a miracle can pre
vent a strike, and they are making prepar
ations to hire special police to guard their
property during the continuance of the
strike.
HAZLETON, Pa,. Sept. 7.— A statement
Erepared with the hope of effecting an ar
ttration conference and averting a strik*
In the amhra.cite region has been issued
by the district officers of the United
:uine-workers of America. The statement
is as follows:
"We. the district officers of the United
Mine-workers of America, of the anthra
cite coal fields of Pennsylvania, having
exhausted every effort to Induce the op
erators to meet us in friendly conference
for the regulation of a fair day's wage
for a fair day's work and all other points
at issue, do hereby agree to submit our
case In every rpspeot to honest arbitra
tion as enjo-ined by the constitution of
our organization as follows:
"To use all honorable means to maintain
peace between ourselves and employers,
adjusting all difference;:, so far as possi
ble, by arbitration and conciliation that
strikes may become unnecepsray.
"T. D. NICHOLS,
"President District No. L
"THOMAS DUFFY.
"President District No. 7.
"JOHN FAHY.
"President District No. 8."
Men in the Anthracite Region Hope
for Sanction of the Execu
tive Board.
MINERS AWAITING
ORDERS TO STRIKE
Shrimp-Fishing Camp Near Califor
nia City Excited by the Flight
of Kip Hoi and Wu
Kan.
Special D'.Pi>ateh to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 7.— An up-to-date
elopement on Wednesday night shook the
social fabric of the Chinese shrimp fishing
camp above California City. Kip Hoi, a
boat builder and net repairer, bore off in
triumph the beautiful Wu Kan, who was
supposed to be a slave girl of Sam Kee,
a recent arrival at the camp. Kip Hoi
had worked in the camp for several years.
Wu Kan cooked for Sam Kee, and in
spare moments helped mend the shrimp
nets, as did also Kip when time hung
heavily on his hands.
At midnight on Wednesday, while the
Chinese at the camp were sleeping off, the
effects of an opium debauch, the young
couple made their way to the wharf,
where was moored a small junk with a
light bat-wing sail. Into the boat Kip
placed his sweetheart, and, casting a
handful of joss papers behind him to keep
evil spirits from following, he sprang into
the boat and pushed out into the bay.
The camp had no knowledge of the
elopement until the next morning when
Sam Kee startled the colony with the
story of his loss. He started for San
Francisco yesterday morning to institute
tho search fur the girl, who, he Bays, is
worth $S0O.
TRAVELING MEN TAKE
CHARGE OF THE FAIR
Conclude the Day's Festivities With
a Banquet in the Big
Pavilion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7. — To-night
showed a larger attendance at the Pavil
ion than ever and the directors of Hie
State Fair are satisfivd that the remain
der of the season will be remarkable In
the history of the State expositions as a
means of instructing and entertainins
thousands of Californians from all walks
In life. The only discordant note in the
general Jubilation corms from the gam
blers, who complain <>;T the rigorous pol
icy being shown by Chief of Police
Sullivan in banishing them from the city
and obliging them to find solace and a
lair for the tiger in the Yolo jungles.
Chief Sullivan protests that he is sorry
to put anybody out, out that the law is
the law and that this {-elf-evident propo
sition is no clearer than his duty in the
premises. { ,
The commercial travelers, after their
frolics at the park to-day, when witft
donkeys and mules they shattered all
record's attained heretofore by that clat-s
of animals, marched from their headquar
ters to the Pavilion to-night, preceded !>y
a band, and took chaige of the exposi
tion. Hundreds of tiie jolly drummers
viewed the sights and welcomed their
friends and after tho Pavilion had bec-n
thoroughly explored they »>at down to a
splendid banquet.
Thf> public schools of the city will be
closed all of next work in order to per
mit the pupils and th-'ir teachers to en
joy the second week of the fair. The
She was picked up unconscious and taken
home. Medical aid was hastily sum
moned, but the young lady died at 4
o'clock this afternoon.
Miss Joanna Scott Killed While
Wheeling on a Los Gatos
Street.
Fr«-clal Di<<i>Rtrh to The Call.
LOS GATOS, Sept. 7.— An accident at 7
o'clock this morning resulted in the death
of Miss Joanna Scott, the 20-year-old
daughter of AVajter Scott. Miss Scott,
while riding a bicycle, was run down by
a tenm belonging to Sidney Liebes. The
buggy pole struck her full on the face.
YOUNG LADY CYCLIST
RUN DOWN BY A TEAM
Font to Dos I'alos.
Pensions issued — California: Original —
AVllliam B. Baker. San Jose, $»»; Gw>rije
\Y. Walker. Lindsay, *fi; l.enry A. How
ard. Redding, $<;; Charles H. ]>ebe,
Wrights Station, %*>: Edwin B. Gagans,
San Francisco. $6. Additional — Isaac
Smith, Fowler, $12. Increase — Julius
Pinker. San Francisco, $10; AVilliam O.
Hubley, Colfax, $S; John Fees, French
Camp. $S; Michael C. Hogan, San Fran
cisco. $12: John Hunter, Chico. $12; Perct
val Stuter, Amadee, $s. Original widows
—Joan Schandler. Los Gatos, IS: Martha
A. Shal, San Diego, tS: Hannah J.
Brown, Santa Ana. $8; Mahama A. Case
bolt. San Francisco, $8. Mexican War
survivors — Adam Manzler, Woodland, $3.
Washington: Original— Azro H. Pettit.
Francis. $*>. Additional— David N. Tay
lor, Kail City. $6. Increase — George W.
Carver, Ellensburg, $17.
Special Dlspnt.l) to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— A postoffice
has been established at Humboldt, Plu
mas County, and Martha J. Faniani ap
pointed postmaster.
The postoffioo at Kifrin. Afor-eori O<>-'n*-i-.
has been discontinued. Mail should b«
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Opening of the Fifth Annual Session
of the California Asso
ciation.
Special DIspa-tch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 7.-The California
State Spiritual Association is meeting
here in its fifth annual sesison. About
fifty of the leading lights of spiritualism
from over the State are present. The
meetings are being held in Sleeper Hall,
the home of the San Jose society. The
sessions are to extend over three days,
during which time the local society has
made arrangements to entertain the
visitors.
The association was called together by
President W. D. J. Hambly of this city.
Other officers present are: Vice President
W. M. Rider of San Francisco; Secretary
W, T. Jones of San Francisco; Treasurer
B. F. Small of Snn Francisco: directors —
Mrs. R. I. Johnson, Hollister; Mrs. M. E.
Coleman, Oakland; Mrs. 11. E. Robinson.
San Francisco; Professor R. Young, San
Francisco; F. H. Parker, Santa Cruz.
To-day's session was taken up with
hearing the reports of the various com
mittees and routine business.
NO PRIVATE BOXES IN
LOS ANGELE5 SALOONS
Superior Judge Fitzgerald Upholds the
Right of the Police 'Commission to
Close Them,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Southern Pacific shops will close on Mon
day next to enable the army of employes
to witness the races.
SPIRITUALISTS GATHER
IN THE GARDEN CITY
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 7.— Judge Fitzgerald. In the Superior Court late
this afternoon, rendered a decision in which he sustained the Police Com
mission in its efforts to close the private boxes in saloons. The opinion states
that the commission is given the right by law to make such orders as it sees
fit in regulating the saloon question. It is not necessary under the ruling he
makes to notify the saloon men to take out the boxes, or to obey any other
order it makes. The fact that the order is made makes it effective at once
and the paloon men have no alternative but to obey It.
Acting Chief Bradish has issued orders to the night force to enforce the
orders of the Police Commission. The saloon men have made no move as yet;
in fact, the majority of them will at once obey the order made by the commis
sion and effective on September 1. The police and commission arc well sat
isfied with the outcome, but do not intend to put any great hardship upon any
reputable place. Captain Bradish says that the police now have the means at
hand by which they can close the dives and disreputable places heretofore
doing business, but which could not be reached by law.
CHINESE LOCHINVAR
ELOPES WITH SLATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. 1900.
v.ar
7
AMUSEMENTS.
THE BEST THAT VAUDEVILLE AFFORDS.
HOWE, WALL AND WALTERS.
Gertrude Mansfield an1 Caryi Wilbur.
Westman and Wren. Frances fopp'er.
THE YOSCARY TROUPE.
Lavender and Thomson.
Mp. and Mrs. Tobin.
LEW HAWKINS,
AMERICAN BIOCRAPH.
SPECIAL JUBJTeE MATINEE
XO-D/W!
Saturday and Funday, Monday. Tuesday and
Wednesday FoMowinjr.
Parquet, 2">c, any f-at: rtalcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c, any part except reserved.
OPENING TO-MORROW.
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS.
TWO ENORMOUS OPERATIC TRIUMPHS!
MATINEE TO-BAT. AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
Bizet's Immortal Work.
"CARMEN."
Last Time THIS EVENING of Verdi's Great
Tragic Op<>ra,
"ERNANL"
NEXT WEEK-EVERY EVENING.
"Cavallena" and "Pagiiacci."
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 50c
Telephone. Eush 9.
Eddy and Jones sts Phone South 770
A TRULY ClREAT SHOW.
EVERY EVENING.
MATINlE,TO=DAY,
MATINEE TO-MORROW, "?rNt)AT."
Special Matinee Tuesday. September 11.
win? is
FERRIS HARTMAN
AND BIO COMPANY.
Seats now ready— ir>c. 2.'c, JJc. 50c.
TO-NIGHT B^|*|«p-§lVg Tire
Democratic fj^ffTils l ] J:turcs ci
AND NIGHTLY at S:3U SHARP.
PAIN'S ELECTRIC FIREWORKS !
TO-MORROW.
NATIVE SONS' NIGHT!
Folsom and Sixteenth Sis. Grounds.
SEATS FOR 10.000.
Seats, 23c and 50c; Reserved. 75c and JL
Seats and Uoxea at Sherman & Clay's.
TANFORAN PARK.
ENTRIES FOR PRIZES IN
ALL DEPARTMENTS,
Including the Bench Show,
WILL CLOSE ON MONDAY,
. September 1O.
DOG SHOW ENTRIES AT PARLOR "A."
Palace Hotel; All Others With
EDWIN F. SMITH. General Manager,
202 SANSOM'z STREET.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOUnLn O Admission 1O;.
QHve Vail. Ames C. Cain. Anna Miller. Hor-
ace Hanna. Pearl Hickman, Dutch Walton,
Howard <£r Campbell and New Moving Pictures.
| Reserved Seats, :3c; Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENT^
7V\/^XI1NEE TO-D/W.
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING 5UXDAT.
CL.AT L. n.
CLEMENT and STOGKWELL,
And a Rtron? Cnrr-rany In an Adaptation of
Charles Dickens' and Wilkle Ccllina'
"NO THOROUGHFARE,"
A GREATOBSTACLE
Next W=<-k— rt-erlr.r.'nsr Sfo'a4a7 Matin**.
Clay Ol°mpnt'» I<1rll:c Comedy.
"THE NEW DOMINION."
HOLIDAY MATIXRES MONDAY AND
TUESDAY.
PRICES %'.. -,Zc, ZFc. Ec an-i 2Z".
BOX AND IjOQF. SEATS II ;>)
GRAND C^PA HOUSE
; MATINEES TO-DAY. SCNDAY. MONDAY
AND TL*P:SL)AY.
! NEWr-^€ff%W P-S, M OANY
I Last Two Nfshts of WILTON LACKATE.
LAST TWO NIOIITS OF
Commencing Monday Ev»nine— "QL'O VADI3."
i EVKNINt. IT.K'E?-l')o, lie. 23c. SOc; a few
Front Rows In Orchestra. T'c. MATINEO
PRICES— XOc. He. r>c. 50c <r.o higher).
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
.-THEATRE
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY and SUNDAY.
Beautiful. Costly Production,
"The Masqueraders"
NEXT WEEK-SEATS NOW READY—
KXTItA MATINEES MONDAY AND
TUSSDAT, S«M. 10-n.
1 Scats Now Iipaiiy.
TBE GIRL 1 LEFT BEHIND ME.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SEABURY, Hi£h Divep.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
AQUATIC SPOBTS~ON THE LAKE,
I Special To-Night— Jubilea Cakewalk
j MONDAY NIGHT-GRAND FIREWORKS
DISPLAY.
Telephone for Seat, Parks 23.
CENTRAL PARK.
Market an<i E^hth sts.
Open dally from noon till midnight.
FUN fok ALL!
NEWEST SENSATION.
THE SLED-SLIDE,
EVERreoDr r/des.
FREE STREET^ FAIR AND
PADDYS MARKET.
MANY NEW AND NOVEL ATTRACTIONS.
ADMISSION. 10e-CHILDREN, 5c.
Tlckrts good for any attraction in the park.
Native Sons and L»aueliters admitted tr*e en
their badces.
FKl^TfX THEATER.
1CS Grove Street. 1'hone South 321.
TO-NU;HT. all thU week. wltii maUneea
s^ t ge-C > AI^rAIX J JAC > K: CUAWFOlfD^gprS:
Uurder Urania. Illustrating hi* life on the
frontier, entitled. "ON-THE-TRAIL."
General Shafter ha. 1 * loanefl Capt. Crawfor»l
four of the iiovernmeyit 's jfrestost scouts, xvfeo
are now en route to China. n<v*ltlea a atron«r
cast thtre will Indians. Cowboys, Packtnules.
etc. Prices. 10c. 20c. *X NEXT— "Bottora of
the Sea."
BATHS.
open Niairrm.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to II p. ra.
Bathing from 7 a. ra. to lft p. m.
ADMISSION ICc. CHILDREN. So.
l^ithlns. lnclud ae admission. 25c; Children. Mb^
ADVEE.TISEME1IT3.
GOQaoo)edQOG09oeeooeeo»eooe90£oo&Odd99£c®s>oco9
Q /CT^k CUF ? STORE WILL BE OPEN TO-NlGr|T. /£§& ©
" • v»
I 1 ON SALE TQ=DAY. |. I
o " ™ "" —^"™~ — — — p
I |||jL. y SILK WAIST §
A //^tfi WV'M wonder^ u ' ancl most attractive looking ®
• H^^iVnW vvaist » made of fme q uaIit y taffeta, tucked o
9 vW \jv K S. ' '¦*/ a " over front, back and al! over sleeves, O
© \V4^**&k(iii i tf finished with an extra scalloped band in
© WMS^'A^ front and neatly trimmed with white pearl ©
© Ai^k ' buttons; an excellently fitting waist, in 5
• /'$<r\ j fashionable colors of cardinal, cerise, tur- o
0 /H J '*$ f quoi^e, old rose, lavender, purple, bluet, O
® '-; new blue, white and black, sizes 32 to 44. ©
O On special sale at S3. 95 each g
I TAILOR=MADE SUITS. 8
§ A^4 a p/v THE VICTORIA SUIT, of tine Scotch Home- 8
% 1 # LvIh s P un » n O x f° rc^ S ra y» blue and brown, fly- 5
® 3 / Bai front stvie, cut in the latest fashion, the ©
9 fflj |fes/g^/\/ jacket finely tailored and stitched, lined with •
2 ' goo.t quality taffeta silk, skirt the latest flar- %
e GQODVM.UEATS18 ing snapet p erca line lined and velvet bound. ©
• all sizes. Exceptional value at . .S12. 50 suit S
? worth fis.oo
I LADIES' NECKWEAR. |
1 S1.5O JABOTS FOR 98C |
O Mousseline de Soie Jabots with Stock Collars, five rows of O
2 tucks and edged with ribbon, in all the pretty colorings and g
O black and white. On special sale to-day at 98c each O
© ©
••©©©••••ooe9ceoo9os®oso3e®Goeo99oaa9090o©«©o
ADVEETISEMENTS.
- j . In addressing Mrs. Pinkham you are oommunicating with a woman
iliSi — a woman whose experience in treating woman's ills is greater than
M*Bpr that of any living person.
fir Jzfi^x^ A woman can talk freely to a woman when it
Hfk HIS vW ' s rev °M' n y *° relate her private troubles to a
T&sBnk^^^\ J man*
y^f^^}^\\_y — \ <¦ Many v.-omon suffer in silence and drift alonj? from bad to worse,
/ (\~3J~fnw >SS^ knowing full well that they should h;ive iramediate assistance, but a
it \KrltW\ e^v V*^l( natural modesty impels them to shrink from exposing themselves to
u /) A f& * ' i m] v>v^ it^ >K the questions and probable examination of even their family physician.
\ l^J^v £J$b£s/I I /}?T"*Wv^~ $ It is unnecessarj'. Without money or price you can consult a woman,
\^ 1 1\\ \\^jX \ i whoso knowledge from 20 years' actual experience is unequalled.
| " — \^^' !^^v5i^-^^CJ' .J Women suffering' from any form of female weakness are invited to
freely communicate with Mrs. l'inkham at Lynn, Mass.
¦ letters arc rocelv&zi, opened, read, and
\ (^^^^^w\^ < answered hy women only.
y*\\ l/7*'' J^\~~~-)it'''^\. \ This is a positive fart — not a mere statement — easily verified —
j // /vi^S-£ N L\\^y/^W a I thus has been established the eternal confidence between 3Irs. Pinw-
j / I ~^^~^wyj<^ am an(^ e women °^ America, which has never been broken, and
j f 1 91^ I3L as Educed more than 100,000 sufferers to write her for advice during
m ffili n&£ l^vk. the last few months.
a fill Wk ,*££/*$& ut °^ ie vast volume of experience which she has to draw from,'
> M mm fit^H^T^^ it is more than possible that she has gained the very knowledge that
M It 'IW^I^' Tvill help your case. She asks nothing in return except your good-will,
\ fm Sn'/'p^' an< * er 06 has relieved thousands. Here are some of the cases we
A Woman who Ooctored\ Ano^ ot * Woman Who Mrs* Voss cured of Pert-
Eight Years and got No Acknowledges tho HaSp odioaS Pains and Per-
Relief Cured hy Lydia she h^s Received from petual Headaches by Fol-
E. Pinkham's Vegetable rs - L*inkham. Bowing Mrs* Pinkham's
flnmnniffiff " Dear Mbs. Pixkham— The doctor GOUMSRlm
UOmpuUnd. savs j hcve con geBtion of the womb, " VBf "°
" Before taking the Vegetable Com- and canp it help me. There is aching " Dear Mrs. PnnuiAM — I have been
pcrcnrl I was troubled with irregular in * he ri fht side of abdomen, hip, leg, suffering- for over a year and had three
., , _ j and bacK. Ifyoucandomeanvcrood, doctors. At time of menstruation I
menstruation, and suffered great p leaso write> » M rs# Nina ch \ set Buffer terrible pains in back and
agony. My physician gave me mor- Fulton, H. Y., December 30, 1897. ovaries. I have headache nearly every
phine, and I remained in bed. I doc- ,.,!.,.«-. t^x-^tta,, t t 11 j day, and feel tired all the time. The
t r a e , g ht y e r and g otno ra nd,,aod
I the doctors told me there was no relief every we man suffering from female jyj rs ar | \ r oss, Sac City, Iowa, Au-
f or my trouble. Finally I tried Lydia trouble <o know how good your advice gust 1,1898.
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. "^ Jg" T hc ,, do cto f r dvis f
,„ , „ ' , an opciatlon. 1 COUld not bear to •«P1nncno/>/>pntmvKirf'prf»thnnlr'»for
While taking the first bottle I felt think of that, so followed vour advice. ad-iS f and IWia EL
that I was improving. I have taken I got better right off. I took six bottles gnkhT^Ve-ettble Compo^d^
seven or eight b6ttles, and never had O f Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetablo Com- SS^ T ovorvth^^ mi tnNl
anything to do me so much good. pound, i nd used three packages of and iid^fe bottles
Every month my troubles have grown § an ative Wash ; also took vour Taver Ser In eveU respect "-
less andless,«nd now at this time I Pms . ar d am cured." Mrs. Nina m? s fe Carl Voss sS^cSK Iowa.
am cured." EHa Qu innev, No. 22 Chase , FuItO n t N. Y. December iz, x\Z' c h^ , ,8oo
Stage Street, HaverhtU, Mass. iSpg. iviarcn 23, 1099*
Mrs. Pinkham has Fifty Thousand Such
Letters as Ab®we> on FiSe at Her Office ""She
Makes i¥o Statements Sh® Qannot Prove.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN YOU ORDER
gaker's Chocolate
or B a^ ers C ocoa
r-k EXAMINE THE PACK-
>¦/ AGE YOU RECEIVE
AND MAKE SURE
A^^?* THAT IT BEARS OUR
fif^Y TRADE-MARK.
I |\ "La Belle
z^f Chocoiatierc"
Under the <l«<rislcn»of <h*U. S Ccnm r.o otW
ChocoUit or Cocoi !• entitled to ht ktw'^ed or
%o\t it " Raker's Chocoiait'or** Baiter's Cocoi."
Walter Baker & Co. Limited
EsT4tUUtC9f7Sa.
DORCHESTER - . MASS.
PALACE HOTEL
It 1« unl i-erna.il y ftdCEOvledgeil that the««
fcot*is pos*»-M th» ¦ttrlbut«'S that "rip**!
tc particular jx-ople — undoubted luxury and
ar^ fuperlor appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passajrev.ay an-!
ernitf) rn<5?r one m»na*f-ment on th»
Am'-ric«c »=4 Eurorean p!*ns.
GRAND HOTEL
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tho Cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
Stricture* and analogous complaints
of ihe> Organs of Ueneraiion.
. trti* ;i a. bottl«. For m!« hy drag cists. ,It looks as if the voters of the two big
parties are uniting on Dr. C. C. O'Donnell
for Congressman from the Fourth. His
meetings have been most enthusiastic. He
la making a house-to-house canvass and
already has the signatures of over 4000
voters on his petition. The nominees out
s ae of O'Donnell in the! Fourth Congres
sional District can never b© elected. •
Sale of Yearlings.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.-A number of
yearlings and racehorses in training were
cold to-day In the American -Horse Ex
change paddock at Sheepshead Bay.
Pi? ~ best saIes were : Survivor, b. c,
',, b) ii?i rathmore - Ena F « Brindle & Mitch
ell. $1100: Kunja. b. f., by Kehama-Briga
zee, C. Mertz. $900.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ontario,
Sept. 7.— This afternoon the second round
In the Niagara challenge cup was played
in the International golf tournament. The
four survivors in the semi-finals are Fritz
Martin of Hamilton. Captain Hunter of
Niagara. J. P. Bowman of Rochester and
B. S. Home of Pittsburg. To-morrow
morning Home meets Martin and. Bow
man meets Hunter. In the afternoon the
winners play the final.
Golf Tournament.
Tho members of the Cabinet are now
widely scattered on their vacations. Sec
ir-xary Gage Is off the New England coast.
Secretary. Hay. is at-Sunapee. N. H., Sec
retary Long is at his home In Hlngham.
Mass.. Secretary Wilson is in the West
and Postmaster Gener.il Smith is in
Maine. JilMU
WASHINGTON. Sept. ".—Secretary
of War Root, who Is slightly Indisposed,
left the city last night for his hom«» at
Southampton, L. I. Unless some sudden
complication should arise necessitating
his return he expects to be absent about
two weeks. '
at His Long Island Home.
Secretary of War Will Take a Rest
HOOT LEAVES WASHINGTON.
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 7— Lulu Tur
benntnff, an insane woman confined in the
Wayne County Asylum, to-day garroted
another female insane Inmate named Re
becca Tlernan, causing her instant death.
The murderess tore a portion of her clcth
ir.R into strips and then looped it around
h<^r victim's neck, choking her to death
almost instantly. The tragedy was dis
covered by a nurse making her rounds,
and the murderess was still pulling the
cord when discovered.
MURDER DONE BY
AN INSANE WOMAN
WOULD WEAR SHIRTWAISTS.
Petition Adopted by Letter-Carriers'
Association at Detroit.
DKTROIT, Sept. 7.— At to-night's session
of the Letter Carriers' Association reso
lutions were adopted indorsing the Grout
time limit bill for substitute carriers;
voting $1200 to President Parsons for past
services as representative of the associa
tion: petitioning the Postofflce Depart
ment for relief from summer heat by pre
pcrlbing a uniform shirtwaist or shirt to
be worn without the uniform coat; peti
tioning for discontinuance of regular de
liveries by special delivery boys: thanking
Perry S. Heath, ex-first assistant Post
master General, for unfailing loyalty to
the carriers and regretting his depart
ure from the service.
An adverse report upon a resolution in
dorsing a $10)0 uniform salary bill was
adopted. Chattanooga. Tenn., was select
ed as next year's convention city.
Census Returns.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 7.— The Census
Bureau up to last night had tabulated the
returns of fifty-four cities. These show a
population of 14,044,711. This Is an aver
age Increase In population per city of 27.90
per cent. The same cities In lS'JO had a
population of 11,150.045, making a total
pain of 3.4S4,tMl The percentage of in
crease in 1800 was calculated on the ag
gregate pain, and not on the average In
crease per city. The result was that the
percentage of gain, according to the Cen
sus Bureau officials, while appearing to t>e
larger, namely, 31.33. was not so in fact,
owing to the different method followed In
making the calculations.
The senior captain of the native guard,
¦whin he commanded the little mpb to dis
perse, was slashed across the back of the
head with u. ImjIo. Then the infuriated
men started lor the gateway of the prison
to overpower the g-uard and escape. They
•were met by Major Rogers, the commajid
ant, and a. small portion of the guard,
who Tired a volley into the ranks of the
fugitives. Thm- m-^n fell, and this seemed
to check the prisoner! for an instant, but
their leader, ?. Filipino of the most des
pera.te type, urged them on. •= • -
Thoujrh already wounded by the first
fire, his triirit was unbroken; and four
lirrus the rules spoke before he felL Tnen
like rats in a trap the prisoners tried first
one gateway and then another, and very
probably would have overpowered the
small guard and made thHr escape had
not American prisoners themselves come
to the rescue and helped to capture the
fugitives. A few more volleys from their
reinforced pursuers and the prisoners
scurried to their quarters in abject terror.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. ".—Manila news
papers just reclvej at the War t>«-part
xnent sr-ve details of a desperate mutiny
araor.g the native prisoners in Bilibld
Prison, which resulted In the death of
four and the wounding of fiftten of them.
The report states that the outbreak came
without the slightest warning. The offi
cials of the prison were gDins? about their
duties on a hot summer afternoon, the
16th of July last, ¦when a little wizened
Filipino serving a life terra assumed a
crouehir.c attitude and began to creep
up beyond the native foreman, giving ut
terance to a. low growl like a wild b^-ast.
The effect was electrical on the other
convicts. In an instant the mutterings
had grown to a wild roar an<l every p!is
onc-r was making for the keej>ers with
murder In his eye.
Convicts Driven Back to Their Quar
ters After Having Attempted to
Force the Gates Under a
Heavy Fire.
Desperate Attempt Made by
Band of Filipinos to
Escape.
PRISONERS AT
BILIAD STRIKE
DOWN GUARDS
The Bolton spinners use Egyptian cot
ton chiefly, and are therefore little affect
ed. The Barnes Company of Farnsworth,
one of the largest Jirms dependent upon
American cotton, has already placed its
four mills on short time for four days a
week, and it is feared that many mills
will be ob!igcd to close.
LONDON, Sept. S. — The morning papers
comment upon the seriousness of the
crisis which has arisen at Manchester,
where suffering Is likely to be caused by
the idleness of operatives, and especially
if. as is possible, the stoppage continues
Into October.
The prospects of a satisfactory Ameri
can crop are regarded as slender.
MANCHESTER; England, Sept. 7.— At a
meotinif of the cotton spinners here to-day
it was decided, firactioally unanimously,
not to purchase American spoi cotton dur
ing the month of September. Four-fifth*
of the employers in the trade were repre
sented. It is anticipated that the decision
will lead to the closure of scores ot mills
lor several \%i'> ks.
A meeting summoned for September 21
is to consider the situation and "if neces
sary to take more drastic measures."
To-day's meeting was open to all spin
ners, wnether connected with the federa
tion or not. Members of. tne North and
Northeast Lancashire Spinners ana Man
ufacturers' Association >vt.re also present.
They had met earlier in the uay, anil it
was understood that they were willing to
co-operate with the federation. In the
course 01 thf meeting the accusation was
ma'le. although not formally discussed;
mat some ol tne promoters of the meeting
had been fortifying their own position by
lurse purchjises 01 cotton since the con
lerence was summoned. Uisclaimers,
however, have met v>"lth cordial accep
tance.
lit-plying to complaints that the resolu
tion was inadequate to meet the crisis,
the promoters admitted that this hail be
come more acute since the meeting was
calied, but th»-y said It had been deemed
-xpedient to secure united action through
out the whole trade before attempting to
strengthen the terms of the resolution.
Tlie chief interest in yesterday's pro
ceeding's Is as ta whether they will hasten
tho end of the corner which has been es
tablished. Mr. Alawdsley, a leading offi
cial of the operatives' union. Is hopeful.
He says- that a fortnight's loss of work
should" not seriously affect the operatives.
Another Meeting- Is Called for Sep
tember 21, When the Situation
Will Be More Fully
Considered.
Spinners Agree Not to
Purchase the American
Product.
MANY ENGLISH
COTTON MILLS
TO BE CLOSED
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 7. — Close finishes were very
much In evidence at Klnloch Park this after
noon. Favorites and outsiders split the card.
Results:
Seven furlongs— Chiffon won. Amelia Strath
more second, Sylvlan third. Time. 1:31.
Four and a half furlongs— Blackford won.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7. — Two stakes were de
cided to-day at Sheepshead Bay, tha Oriole for
two-year-olds and the Mlneola hurdle handicap.
Luerana, at 8 to 1, romped home in the Oriole,
after making all the running. The favorite,
Katae. wound up an inglorious seventh. Only
four started in the Mlneola and it resulted in a
big upset. Sir Hubert," an added starter, and
the rank outsider at 13 to 1. galloped all the
way and won eased up by six lenjfths. Track
fast; wrathe.r clear. Results: - ,
Five furlongs— Servilla won, Star second, Ta
veta third. Time, 1:00 2-5.
One mile, selling— Serrano won. McLeod of
Dare second. Bold Knight third. Time, 1:42.
Rollins Boer tlftrd. Time, 1:13 3-5.
Mile and a quarter— .lack Point won. Hardly
second. Whistling Con third. Time, 2:06 4-5.
Mlneola hurdle, two miles— Sir Hubert won.
Draughtsman second, Ben Eder third. Time,
3:50 2-5.
Six furlongs— Unmarked won, La Tosca II
second. Gold d'Or third. Time, 1:14.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Accidents of a se
rious nature occurred in the steeplechase
at Harlem. Leando fell at the first jump
and rolled over Jockey Johnson, who was
carried off the field on a stretcher. He
was unconscious for nearly an hour. Phy
sicians who attended him said there
might be Internal injuries. Uncle Jim
turned a somersault over the fourth ob
stacle and fractured his shoulder-blade.
Fronde, the favorite, stumbled over the
fifth fence, when close to Lord Chester
field. Jockey Jackson was unseated and
finally fell off. Lord Chesterfield finally
won pulled up to a walk. Track fast; re
sults:
Six furlcnfirs— Handy Man won. Propeller sec
ond. Au«Ue third. Time, 1:15 2-5.
Six furlonES— Goal Runner won, L. T. Caton
second. The Sluggard third. Time. 1:1!*;.
Steeplechase, handicap, short course— Lord
Chesterfield won, Reno second, Jim Hogg: third.
Time. 3:26 2-5.
One mile— Dad Steele won, Donation second,
Bnlrd third. Time. 1:42.
Five and a half furlonps— His Eminence won,
Kolhelm second. F?»-nKal third. Time. 1:09.
Mile and seventy yards— Raclvan won, Quan
nah Parker second, Little Land third. Time,
1:46 2-5.
Who May Be Internally Injured.
ACCIDENTS AT HAELEM.
L-eando Rolls Over Jockey Johnson,
ST. PAUL, Sept. 7.— At Hamllne to-day the
weather and track conditions were ideal. Sum
mary:
2:17 nace. purse $1000— Dunton Oh So won in
three vtralRht heats. Best time. 2:10^. The
resa Wilkes, Reno M, O* Grady, Belle Action.
Country Girl, Tommy Wilton, Oak Grove and
E W also started.
. 2:25 trot, purse $1000— Maud Marie won first,
third and fourth heats. Best time, 2:24 1 ,i- Gale
won the second heat In 2:S0.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 7.— Ed Bryan won
tha 2:25 trotting race to-day after a Job had
been made, by horsemen to give the race to
another. The Judges were quick to discover the
plot and set down the driver, M. Leach, and
substituted J. Tllden. who drove the horse out
an easy winner. Claudle C took the second
heat and Allen took the third. Best time,
2:21^.
2:20 pa^e— Bell Medium won. Dandy Way
second, Frank Yokum third. Best time, 2:ir>V«.
The 2:20 pace was taken by Fred S.
Wedgewood in three straight heats.
George, the favorite, taking second place.
The 2:17 trot went to Itoster in three
straight heats.
The mile to beat the wagon record of
2:01*14 held by Lucille, made at Cleveland
in 1S97. was the sensation of the after
noon. The Abbott, driven by Geers, did
the trick with ease in 2:05^. The quarters
were: :33 l /4, 1:05 and 1:3G, the last half
being in 1:00%. v
Jupe went, a half mile Against time, but
as he threw a boot on the homestretch
no time was taken.
Pools were sold during the entire week i
without the intervention of the authori
ties. Summaries:
2:10 pace, purse $1200 — The Admiral won the
socond, third and fourth heats In 2:07Vi, 2:0S%,
2:09V*:. Paul Ilevere won the tlr.st heat In 2:07Vi.
Demont W, Sphinx. Lady Tipes. Belle Cooley,
Red Seal and Slavonic also started.
2:20 pace, purse $1500— Fred S. Wedgewoorl
won in three straight heats. Time, 2:03',4.
2:09>4. 2:05?;. George, Gentry's Treasure, The
1'rtvate, Kosalet, Dick See. McKlnley, ArRO
Director and Tommy Me also started.
2:14 trot, purse $1200— Onward Sliver won the
third, fourth and sixth heats in 2:12%, 2:13tf.
2:16<i. Alice Barnes won the second heat in
2:W4- Lamp Girl won the first heat In 2:11 1 4.
Qrace Onward won the fifth heat In 2:13Vi.
Mlnuette, Palm Leaf; Con/essor, Mlsa Duke,
Iris O. Blonde, Dot Miller and Dreamer also
started.
2:17 trot, purse $1200 — Roster won in three
FtralRht heats. Time, 2:14H. 2:13%. 2:14>*.
Barmbelt, Brandywlne. Timberlake, Lady Xo
vetta, Anheuser. J E C. Tip T and X L's
Brother also started.
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept. 7.— The Grand
Circuit meeting closed at Charter Oak
Park this afternoon, tho single event for
to-morrow's card being crowded in this
afternoon. The racing was very interest
ing, the 2:14 trot requiring s»lx heats to
finish. Four heat winners went In the
sixth heat and the contest was spirited.
Last Day of the Grand Circuit Meet
at Charter Oak Park One of
Unusually Good
Sport.
Walks Away Prom the Time
Made by Lucille Three
Years Ago.
WORLD'S MILE
RECORD BROKEN
BY THE ABBOTT
Three-year-olds and upward, selling, six fur
longs— Sudden 103, Delia Connor 100. Merry Boy
105. Cowboy 97. Pomplno 107, Jingle Jingle 100,
llatnboulia 101. Little Sister 100, Mocorlto 104.
Two-year-olds, five furlongs. ¦ selling — Screen
well Lake 10S, Location 90, Canmore 98, Under
growth 96, Tlollta 95, El Trorlco 101.
One mile, Vinctor stake, three-year-olds and
upward— Jennie Reid 114, Formero 117, Her
culean 107, Cnnatellator 107, Toriblo 117.
2:15 pace, purse $1000, mile heats, three in
five— Ratatat, Stanton Wilkes. Alta Genoa,
Tags. Qafrtopsall. Queen R, Hermia.
2:19 trot, purse $1000. mile heats, three in
flve — Richmond Chief, Dora Doe, Oulboul, Dola
dor. Prince Ansel, Belle Patchen, McNally,
Charlie Me. •-
Following are to-morrow's entries:
Five and a half furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing, purse J250.
Alameda Stable's b. r., St. Rica, 112, by St.
Andrcw-Ricardo (Ruiz), 9 to 2 1
Elmwood Farm's ch. c, Illllouon, 110 (Hen
ncFey), 9 to 10 : 2
I... McArthur"s b. c. Game Warden, 106 (Mc-
IXmald), 9 to 2 3
Tlme-l:0S.
- Phil Archibald 106 and Wardman 96 also ran*
Mile am! 1 sixteenth, celling, purse $250.
\V. M. Murry'B ch. <g.. Cromwell, 110, by St.
Hlalw-Flavlna (Kulz). C to 5 1
Matt fitorn's b. g., Sunello, 104 (Powell), 25
to 1 2
A. G. Stemler & Co.'* ch. g.. Lodestar, 10S
(Farrell), 5 to 2 3
Time— 1:4S»4.
McFarlane 1C6, Edgardo S6, Don Luis 101.
Glen Ann 101, I/f-na 105, Rey del San Juan 110
and Grady 1C4 also ran.
Bathos 107, Mabel Ia 111 and Rio Chico 111
also ran. -: v .'
Time— 1:27»4.
Seven furlones. purse $3<K>.
Elmwooil Farm's b. c, Conctellator, 107, by
Hrutufi-Constellatlon (Butler), 3 to 5 1
J Glbscn'e b. m.. Snips, 111 (McDonald), 5
to 1 2
\V. M. Murry's br. p.. Casdale, 114 (Frawley)
12 to 1 3
Time— l:02Vi
Julia 110 also ran.
For ponlop. live furlongr. purse J1T0.
M. K. Flowers ch. m., Viola, 110 (Ruiz), 2
to 3 : 1
F. J. Carolan'H ch. c. Fusillade, 110 (Mcl>on
ald). 4 to 1 2
W S. Holiarfs ch. m.. Slats. 110 (II. Shields),
10 to 1 2
Time— 2:30. 2:24, 2:23.
Special, drummers' race, heats, 2 In 3.'
Juan Chico, ch. g. (W. F. Peterson).... 12 1
AlHllne. br. g. fl* S. Upson) 3 12
Pansy, br. m. <H. A. Bell) 2 3 3
Kiss Me Oum, b. K- <D- MciJarthy) 4 5 dr
Wilson's High Grade Vanilla (Fred
Martin) 6 * dr
Time— 2:20, 2:21. 2:1»H
The tlrst of a series of polo matches will
be played at Agricultural Park to-morrow
morning. at 11 o'clock. Summaries:
Trotting, preen class, heats. 3 In 3, purse $»;00.
Monte I'arlo. b. p. by Memloclno-by Tll
ton Almont (Sullivan) Ill
Mangle McKinney, blk. m. by MoKln
ney (W. «. nurfee) 2 5 2
Bertha H. b. m. by Daly (W. Hogo
boom) 6 2 4
Hen I,ieb«8. b. h. by McKinney <C. A.
Durfee) 3 3 5
Al&onita. b. ni. by Eros fNVlson) 4 4 3
Joe Selby, b. h. by Don I, (Smith* 5 6 6
Potomac! b. K. by Albion (Donahue) dls.
After betting had progressed for some
time on the final two-year-old sprint the
entry of little Jim was protested, it be
ing claimed be was a three-year-old,
which was later pioved. The same colt
won a race at Cofusa. starting as a two
year-old. Ulilouon. from the Boots sta
ble, with Uennessy in the saddle, was
plunged on at short odds, only to be
beaten away from the post and disposed
of easily by St. Kica. The winner is owned
by the Alameda slable, and 4*£ to 1 was
obtainable about him. Show honors went
to Game Warden.
A five furlong scramble fo: ponies fol
lowed. Viola, piloted by Ruiz and 2 to 5
in the betting, won hands down from
Fusillade. little interest was, taken in
the race owing to the fact that i>rofes
sior.al riders were up.
Such a cinch was Constellator supposed
to be for the seven furlong event that the
.Brutus colt was held a ?> to 5 chance. Cut
off at the start. Butler, who had the
mount, got through next the rail and in a
tierce drive beat Snips a scant head. With
any sort of racing luck the lMtor mare
would have scored handily. Casdale took
the show.
This was followed by the victory of an
other warm choice, Cromwell, in the mile
and a sixteenth selling affair. Ruiz rode
a clever race on tue Murry entry, over
taking and downing Sunello cleverly, at
the wire. Twenty-five to one was laid
against Mat Storn's three-year-old, which
made a remarkably good showing.
For the Drummers' special race Juan
Chico outclassed his field so noticeably
that the event was deprived of consider
able interest. In the opening heat Fred
Martini behind a burro, was given a three
lurlong handicap, and with tne engineers
01 tlie other starters whistling ''down
brakes" beat his Held to the wire at odds
of L'O to 1. The work was a bit coarse, and
to protect the books the judges placed
the heat winner last. After winning a
heat and then dropping one to Abdine,
.Juan Chico closed the exercises.
The events this aiternoon were all car
ried OH by the favorites without excep
tion. Monte Carlo, a good looking eon of
Mendocino, driven by "Jimmy" sullivan,
tuvu nia ncld the slip in three straight
neats ror the grt-en class trot, selling a
warm choice. Maggie McKinney earneu
second and licrtha it third money.
In the forenoon they opened festivities
at the park with a mile race, which fur
nished considerable amusement for the
early comers. After Captain Martin, hold
ing the bale rope reins over Lady Ermen
trude, had taken the first heat by an ear
from Joe Bush and Chraley Ochs, Wilbur
Knapp and Stuart L'pson, driving donkeys,
caused a knotty problem that the Judges
were unable to pass upon. Cutting across
lots and aided by thirteen yards of Tien
tsin fireworks, the weary eyed burros shut
the mules out. The matter was slated for
a uecision to-night at a banquet.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— It remained
for Drummers' day to attract the banner
crowd of the meeting to Agricultural
Park. Just as they always did, the
knights of the grip maintained their hold
on the. opposite sex, for the grand stand
was completely tilled with ladles. It ap
parently cut no figure that the card was
a trifle on! color. The traveling mon,
wearing purple ribbon badges, thronged
the ring, sepurating themselves from their
coin . as a sailor does after an Arctic
cruise.
B?eclal DlJratch to The Calf.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
Favorites Have a Field Day, but the
Commercial Men Fail to
. . "Break" the Layers
of Odds.
Betting Ring Invaded by the
Doughty Knights of
the Grip.
DRUMMERS AND
BOOKIES CLASH
AT STATE FAIR
HARTFORD, Sept. 7.-Miller gained a
mile on Caldwell in the motor-paced race
to-night, it being the fourth hour. Cald
well still leads, with 133 miles and 5 laps:
Miller has L33 miles 2 laps, and Pierce has
131 miles 1 lap.
Caldwell Still Leads.
PARIS. Sept. 8.— At Maison LaFltte yes
terday Cash Sloan, on the Due de Gra
mont's Barneville. won the Prix de Cha
mont. 5wO francs, over a course of 2100
melcrs. The American jockey also won
the Prix de Maule, 4000 francs, over a
course of 800 meters, on the Due de Gra
mont's Frasier. ..;-. ¦-.-
Cash Sloan Pilots "Winners.
DUBLIN, Sept. 7.— In the final of the
Irish amateur golf championship contest
at Newcastle. County Down, to-day the
amateur champion. Hilton, beat Sydney-
Fry of Richmond by eleven up and nine
to play.
Hilton the Victor.
PITTSHURG, S«pt. -.—In order to com
memorate the baseball season of 1900 and
the fine work of the Pittsburg club, the
Chronicle Telegraph offers, if Pittsburg
shall finish In first or second place, to glva
a silver trophy, costing $500. to be con
tested for in a series of games to be
played wholly or partly at Pittsburg be
tween the pennr.nt winner and the club
standing next, the trophy to become the
property of the club winning the series,
and the receipts to go to the players; the
number of games and all the details of the
contest to be arranged by the managers
of the two clubs.
Trophy for Pittsburg.
BOSTON, Sept. 7.-A single, a two-bagger, a
base on balls and a passed ball In the ninth
gave Cincinnati three runs and the game. At
tendance, 1000. Score:
Boston 5 13' i
Cincinnati 6 10 1
Batteries— Willis. Dineen and Clarke; Phll
llppi. Newton and Kahoe. Umpire— Synder.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— The New Tories de
feated the St. Louis team to-day through mis
plays by Jones and McGann. Attendance, 1CC0.
tot. IjOUIS ........ .. . .. ...*.««.«•• ... *•¦ . . .*. 3 7-2
2\qw York • 5 7 1
Batteries— Jones and Robinson; Hawley and
Grady. Umpire— Gaffney.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 7.— Darkness brought
to-day's game to a close at the end of the
ninth lnnlr.R with the score tied. Attendance,
Clubs- R H E
Chicago g 15 4
Philadelphia 6 12 0
Batteries— Hughes and Donahue: Orth and
McFarland. Urnrire — Emslle.
J it _sr»iir(C •••¦>¦••••>*•*¦¦•••••¦•.¦••...¦•• 6 11 3
Brooklyn ......" 6 9 1
Hntterics— Waddell and Zimmer; McGlnnlty
crd McGulrc. Umpire— O'Day.
BROOKLYN. Sept. 7.-To-day > s game was a
hot one from start to finish. The game was
called In the ninth inning on account of dark
ness, with the score tied. Attendance. 17CU
Clubs— w. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L. P:-t.
Brooklyn ....65 42 .607!Boaton 53 57 4< 1 >
£L t ,V b , U V J \.V?i: ** ¦' m '^- Lo»Is SS .463
I'hlladelphla 06 52 .cTO Cincinnati ..11 60 400
Chicago 54 57 .4S3 New York... 46 63 .4»2
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
phia Stopped by Darkness.
Contests at Brooklyn and Philadel-
TWO TIE GAMES.
DETROIT. Sept. 7.— A large crowd was at
Windsor and saw some fine racing. Results:
Four and a half furlongs— Free Play won,
Hnno second. The Covenanter third. Time,
:oG l .i.
Six furlongs, selling— Ed Roth won. Jack
Adle second, Divertlsement third. Time, 1:15.
Seven furlongs, selling— Windward won. Mar-
c ° 9 Polo second. Lord Franzler third. Time.
Mile and twenty yards, selling— Wine Press
T-421L4 MUS S ° ak Second> 6tatlra thlrd - Tlme '
One mile, selling— High Xoon won. Demos
thenes second. Charley Estes third. Time. 1:4.1.
Six furlongs, selling— Laura O G won, Sadie
Burnham second, Troaballne third. Time,
1:1jV5.
Donna Bella second. Juanette third. Time.
Mile and seventy yards, eelllnsr— Limelight
won. Innuendo second. Nandcra third. Time.
l:4S_,.
Six furlongs, nelllng-— Staff won. Necklace
second, Terralene third. Time, 1:15%.
One mile, selling— Mrddlesome won, Zazel
second. Gulderock third. Time. 1:43.
Six furlones, selling— Diana Fonso won. The
Singer second. Seguranca third. Time, 1:15?*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.
8
r • .
£ "Valda," the sensational
£ stoiy of court life at Peking,
h begins in - next Sunday's Call,
k September 9.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
M4MIXIIKK!*' I'AVIIH IOHr*!II.
lr«nrio BTjrrat.1
Train* l«M«r »•••! m-f «Iho t.. nrrlv* at
MA5I KKAM('l<t4U.
(Main Litie. Foot of .Market Street.)
ts«rt — From Avauat 12. 1300. — abriti
•?:4>4>a Detiicla, -Suisun. Elmirm. VacaTllIa.
Kuiune} aud »>cra:ucnt<> «7 : j 5
•7:UOa Sha*t« Kxprera— D»»ia, WUliams(fur
Uirtlett Springs). Willows. KeU
Bluff, rortlaud. »7:I3j
•7:3*4 Mar'ine/. -»*n Uaniun, Vallojo. .\i f »,
» »li»tog» untl Maiiut Kusa *«:I1|
•H:Uf>A Oavla, Woodland. Kulghts Landing,
M ,»rm»il.e. Oro<ille *7:13)
I *M:OO« Atlantic- Kiprew— Ogden ant) Rut M2:l.1|
•Viioi NUei. Tnej. iathxcp, Stockton # U:l3 i
•i::iiia Hhii June. i.if >.<riuure, Mtucxton.
lone, Haerainonto, FKe r»;.:»,
M»rj«ille. C'bico, Keii BInIT Msl.1]
•8i30a Oakdale. Chlnes« (for Tosemite).
.¦inarra. Carters. *ltlS)
•W:OO« Haywiri's. Nilesand Way .Stations. M 1:11.
*W:W«a Los Aaseles Expreaa — Uartinss,
Tracy, Uitiirop. ,-tiockton, Uereed
Frenun »r..l Lei Ao£?les *7:1-1|
•»::to» Vail,-;-.. Mar'Juesand Way Statloni •3:l'1|
•IO:UOa Th« OterUn<l Llmired— Ogdeu. Den-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago *9<iai
•II:OO» Nil.-s, Stockton, Kacrsmento, Men-
dota, Fresnuw II an f or J, vlaalia,
r..r-rr»ii.o M:I3|
•I1:O*» Li»-raore. Banger. Ooahen Juno-
tlon. BjkennelU, Loa Angeles
• I-Jtoiiu IIit«war>U, Nile* and Way -it*:!on§. •?: 1.1 1
tl:»«p SH-r».n-nt.,i III* er HKxinerd t5:«i»j
•;i:«Or Hajnaril]), Miles aud \V» 7 KUtiuns. *3: 13|
MtiMtr Mattlnex. San Uaiuon. ValWJo.
Nil'*. Ca!Nf.. K ». ttauU Ituaa a »il9«
••.(tor Benicia. Whiten. Sacrain.oto.
u,» ..I :».,,]. K.Uht. Laadlng.
M»m»ill.>. Omi!i;« •l«:«.1»
•liU'lp Ml, ,,„,„ .(,,*„ an.', Stockton «*:|."H
•»:«»rTI» Owl 14n.ltr.l- Tracy. Fret-.io.
l5*kcr»rtiM. ,-taugus fur aauta liar-
bara. l.o* AugHoa *lOif.1«
•ft:OOp Btocston »«:45^
•SiWttp New Oil- ant Eir;re«-llakenilt«!d.
s*nt» H*rli»»». I.ob An«rie». l»eiu-
Ing. El Puo, New Or!»M aud
EmS m 7t4*»
•S:<»Ap Ha? wards. NilM and Han Joss •7i41«
tttiOMr Valloji. Mi: Mi
•liitt»r Oriental Mall-Og-l.o. Chajeone.
Omaha. Cbic«g» *1X:13|
•flsOSf Orleutal .Mall— Ogden, Denier,
Omsha. Chicago 'l:Mi
•7iO»p MUea, Trsey. Lathrop. Stockton.... »ia:Hi
t^jOWl- Vallcjo. Full C'oata and Way Bta-
DOM 11..1.1I
•¦¦•»p OreKiHi and OaJirornU Kxi>rpu.M.o-
nunantoL MartnvlUe. !:•¦ : :;i^.
I'ortlaiMl. r.i««» Moni..l him! I'm «^: |-1>
COAST DIVISION CUutft <.»»«e).
(Foot 1 f 11b rket Street.)
}?i43* .Santa Cruz Excursion ror Hants
Cruz and t'rii.ciu-il Way Stations {*:">
•SiISa K«iMr!i.( ' -nt<-r»i::.\ .-.*.i .1 -,«-. V, It.iu,
lioiiklerCrevk.MaiitaCfiiXknaWay
Htatluna •«.»»i
tS<l3r Newark CVnter*iIle, San .lose, "¦¦¦»
Alrnailnu. Feltou, HmilJer iWi,
Hsnta Crux au<t l'riucipal Wsf
N':iM.im« ¦¦•|<1«*
Uil.ir Newark. Han .li.-r.. Irfw Gatos t»--»n«
Q4:l5pGlenwnod. Kelton. Bantu frtu «»!••>««
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroSU ra*SCliL'3 — »aol «r UnrSi.t SlrttMSllJ *)—
•7:15 MOO 11:00*. u. tX:C3 »2:0a t3:Ca
•«:W "^5:33 'S:ZZr.<t.
frt»81[U»9— ffi *r Brtniwtf.— '11:00 8:00 10:00*. M.
I1S:C3 «l:03 I3:C3 '3:53 1M3 'i-.::r.U.
COAXT l>IVIsin« drimftfCMMVi
(Ihlrtl nmi Towih»«imI St-Q
1O:IO« Oceaii View, SoutU h^n Kr»ucinc».. t«::t'Jp
t7tU»« Han Jims ami Way Htnti.mn (New
Abnadan '.v,.'..,,,!,,, ,.,,;>) *l>zn»
. S7t3O* Sumla* Eicnraino f r San Jose,
eianta Cruz. Pacing Grove aod
PrlndpaX Way Stations lS:33f
•fliOwA Han June. Tr. .« 1'iuos, Hants Cm,
I'n.iiic 4irii««. I'aso It,.!.:, s Sau
l.uia 01. !.;¦¦, Hr.rf. I.om'.oc ami
rrim-|..»l War Mat!..iii •».!<»»
•¦•t-tn* Saa J..»» »t>.( Way btatiuu. *«:3.1t
¦II:3IU MaiiJ>me,LosGatOSin<l\Va)SUIt!oi>s *3i3»r
|3t-13pSail Msttro, Ke<lw.H>!, Meiilo Fare.
Palo Alro. Santa C'iara, .Shu .lots.
Tres Finos. Santa Cm/. Salinas.
Montno; ami I'aolllc Uru*a tl»::»»»
tSiXap fan .loaaanvl Way Htal.lmi. •7»3»»
MilSr Sail Joseand Principal Way Stations *V: J."»4
tSiOOrSan Jose, Los Gatos sad Principal
Wsy SUtlons ?U:W«4
•3i3»p SanJoM and Principal Way Stations MtSS*
•¦t.tor 3an Joas aiwl Waf Station. t"«:«<»^
»IH45p 9an Jc.eaii.l War Stationa •7s3«>p
? for Munitng. 1* fcJ A f ternoon.
•Dally. t.-tumUy etr«inte<!. J Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
• Saturday and 8uod>» a Monday ooly,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencinx April 2i ..>¦ 'l.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MI1X VALiET
AND SAN IIAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:00. »8:3O. »:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:4">. t:O, 3:15. -4:13. *»:15. S:13. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, en Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundayi, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. '3:00. «»:00. »10:0O. 11:00. 11-J0
a. m.. 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. 6:00. ;!jo
p. m.
11 .00 a. m. does not ran to San Kafael Sua-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. 'R-.SO. 7:50. S:4i>. *10:13 a.
m. : 11:30. 1:15. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays nt *S:-»3 and 10:2) p. ns.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *i:(k\ •J:50. »ll:0Oa. m. : »12:00
m.; 1:CO, 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. *S:iJ. 6:43. 7:20. 10:2>
p. m.
Trains marked «•> utart from San Quentin.
FROM 5I1LL. VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:53. 6:45. 8:00. 8:3* 13:33 *.
m.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45, 3:30. 4:50, 5:20 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIFS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SCXPAYS- «:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:1" a. m. : C:li
1:20. 2:30. 3:45: 4:53. 6:15. 7:05, 19:30 p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:u>) a. rn. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadero and way sta-
tlons.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
12:4.* o. m. Sundays— Point F.eyea and way
stations.
SANTA F-E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STREET FETtRT.
Leav-: Overland: Dally for Chica-; Arrtw:
Kl Faso. City of Mex-i
lco. Prcscott an.l l'ho*>-i
r.lx. Ariz.. KiikerstleSJ.!
9 a.m. Vlsalia. Tularc. : : r- * p. cv.
ford. Frejn<\ ilervtsl. ,
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-J
- ani and Tourist S!eep-|
ers to Chicac". Pir.lnst
c«r between Stockton and;
naker«.ne:d. |
Stockton Local: For F.^n!
4:10 p.m. Pablo, Pinole. Mulr. IUy;U:03 a.m.
Point. »"ornwall. Antl-j
och and Stockton.
lBakersf.eld local: Fcr San
1'ablo. Iinole, Muir. IJay
IV: nt. Cornwall. Antl-
8 p.m. och. StrK-kton. Men-ea. S a. m.
Fresno. Iianford. Viaa-
lla. T>.i!ar» and Hakers-
I field. Sleepers to Krwno
I an '! KaUersflejJ.
TICKKT OFF1CK9: «l Market »t.
Ferry L^epot. foot of Market St.. 9ar. Francisco.
HIS Droadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
I*»ve San Francisco v'a Sausaliti F-rry:
V'KKK DATS....ri» a. m .. 1:45 ami: J:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS...*. 9. U\ n a . m., 1:30 nml 2:*>p. rn.
Fare San Franri*cn tt> Summit and rpturn. $1 V\
KKW TAVERN OF TAU.VLPAIS NOW OPES.
TICKETT OFFI.'KS f»l M VUKET ST .
SAVSAUTi) FKRKY.
/* Dr.JJibbon's* Dlsponsary*
Btii * H"»i rtl :^ 3 * 'oi tho treatment ¦: Prtvute
fjfXh k# Rtee:»3rs. U*t Manii.i..! IVbllityor
OV'OiV W^i ' !l "*' lw «!' 1 '«'&"nS<>iiN>.i ••:!¦:.::;,.. n:.l
»*5<J'K<y fL'-i -^^in Di3oaa«» t hf (loctorcnrrawbeu
Cx3*j > W«9 r *1"" 1Prl '*ali frv hur. Cru.nce^ .off
•>O!wM6a*'Hr^saarnntrrt C"E!lorwrt:»»
Or. J. *•. oIBHOS, ll»i j»37.San Fiar.ciaco
¦WBeHfCffl $1.00 Bur Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jKjgl " e3!skln
of every descrip-
i ipp)>2D /o Cut
% Repairing, Dress-
>|*||||||i H and Dyeing at
j
121 Post St.,
Ore? O'Cosnor, Moffatt S Co.'s,
Rocci) 7 to II.
toa(t Mistake the Number.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
, S A OltEAT KiaTOilATiVE. IXVUGOIlA-
"tcr S.T.& .Nervine. /
Xbc imc?: TKoaAerivX aphrodlzlao aoi Special
Tonic for tne .-=¦•:. un\ Orgrans tor both sexes.
Tfce Mexican reiaedy for Diwaten of the Kid-
Dty* a.:.ii Hladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NAUEU. ALFS & HRL'NE. Acents.
C3 Market «t-. H. F.— tSead for Circular.)
ADVEBTISZMKNTS.
Sreat est Nerve and Blood Tonic
I hare piTen peraoaal inspection ta the workine of M. I. S. T. on the hnman sjstem, and
¦last My that it entirely meet8 •with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Collepe.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. Wo. 2 WILL CURE.
RHBCMATISM. no matter how locir standior- Any case of Inflammation cf the Blad-
«r or i»n!ar(red Prostate Gland, no matter lf the p-niems have been for years forced to use
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN AXY STAGE. ANY CASK OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotence that can be cured, and vermanenily restore youthful vigor and
rltiiity. It is no etimulaat. Its effects are permanent and lastinc- Will" cure any iase of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remoye en-
tirely from the erstem Cancer acd Cancerous Germs.
_n addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cored many cases of Paralysis, Locotnotor
a-tana. Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of f he nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for orer 2<J years, and his cured thousands of 6uff-
— ers. It is presented by leading physicians allover the country. It is pleasant to take and
F[w3?i |^SU KZ2 absolp'.tl; safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
O P>rt V-i iieart. If you are suffering- frcm any chronic disease you are urg-ed to
rTna Pis V** write to us, ao rustier how many doctors or kinds of nitvMcines vou
U H ifeq Kim have tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU
That yon may judge of 'the Talue of the Great Specific for yourself!
we will send you one larr;e case by mail FREE, only asking that
»»" eured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to our medical
4epartment, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for f 5.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS musl
bear signature of
Terf •mall mad as easy
(• take ta •¦ajar.
SFE IPABTTtfCl"" 1 HEADACHE - QFP
5EL lAm lKo for dihimess.
GENUINE Viver ro« torpid liver. GENUINE
H p| LLS F0R CONS TIPATIOM.
WBAPPFB la BH " FOR SALLOW SKI K. WP4DPEB
uiiArrLii ifa^^g [roR tkecomplexjos "HAitm
CfiKCCa MusrMviupiwTu»f.
\tfec {perfection 5fl
3DTTLEE1AJ THE DJBT ILLERY
(/sedJnf/ieMet/kd/Depzt'fnrtnfs of Me
U.S. ARMY § NAVY Service
William Wolff $ co.
j Francisco. distributors.
I Senrere of//rtifaf/ons cr rt/i/fea Bctrfes.
RlAltrtlKU nr.dlUr.i-U . rkls Kr . at vegetable
Vitallzer. the prescription of a
, . imy «_-.,- famous French physician, will
quj2$££j£T*rl quickly cure you of all ncr-
fer*yr^£i*Tj,n?/» vous or diseases of the K^ivra-
mi\Vir' l &£t\f t!vt * organs. wu<-h as Lost lUn-
tJsdJl —» /-Vr** hood. Insomnia. Fains In the
Slnr \fi3 Back. X-nnus Debility. Plm-
f&H uSo&E/ pl f *. Exhaustlnp I">ralns, Varl-
*• ; i\ coc e l« «r.d -onsti^atlon. It
V.-s_ -^**' BtoDS all losses bv day or
I . night. Cupidene cleanses tho
• liver, the kidneys and the urtnary organs of all
I Impurities. Cusldene strencthens and restores
j small weak ontans.
! The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
Is because SO per cent are troubled with Pros-
tratltls. Cupidene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. G^OO testimonials.
A written guarantee given and money re-
turned If 6 boxes do not effect a Dermanent
cure. $1.00 a box. 6 boxes for K.W. by mail.
Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address Dnvol Medicine Co.. 40 Ellis St.. San
Francisco. Cal.. Grant Drug Co.. ZS & 40 Third st.
$visir OR- JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
K3f The Lare«t Anatomical Museum in th« \
X SSTSJi di»ea.*e pesMiwrlyeui-adhjr »he oldest 7
$ &V1&K OS- -'ORDAH- -PRIVATE 'V.S^SES i
A t i/fi/\n Trt iimcnt p.Tsiail'y or l>y K-ticr. A Q
\ B W SlW f** tne Curtm etery cascuntrrtakm. T
AV.ll \\S> Write for Book. t*n«LOSOPnV*f A
fr » [I P» aiAnniAOE, uaojeo ?a.jB. (if
X n It, valuable bca!; tot men) \
f DO. Juna>AX A<L'«., 1051 MarfeetSt-.aF. Y
1 ___^_______
CmCNESTER'3 ENGLISH
NHYROYAe, PILLS
¦V Orlzlnal and Only (iejaalne.
tA^.8AFE. Ali»»T«r*li»bi«. I.udlev. «n!>rurr(««
•S«. tor ClIMJIIKSTEH'S KNCL.I.SII
ipeS^ in KEn and Cold m.t.ijlr turn. Miiri
-*i?J »io lilne rihbon. Take no other. Kcfj«o
k Wj I»cnjtcr«ii» "*nb«tltutlon< and Jmlta*
(lj Una*. Bay of Tour Orafgitt. er »n.| 4e. ia
w r Mimpi.for Ffirtlenlnr*. Tentlnonlali
KJ £ad •• RtWrX far l.ari lr«," in Uttrr, bf rt»
L f tarn Mall. lO.IMiOTmlmooltli. So; 1 hj
/ all Ilrugsiai*. <'hkhf.lrr ChrinWI <¦»,
Mention thli paper. JUndlMn Sa**r*. IMIIi.A.. C*.
CALIFORNIA NOiiTKWcSTcEN fiY. CO.
LHJSSH3H1
SA3 FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:20. 9:CO. 11:00 a. m.: 13:35,
S:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays — Kxtra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra tiijs at 1:60
am] 11:30 d. m.
6UNDAYS-8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30 3 30.
6:00, 8:10 d. m.
SAX RAFAEL. TO SAX FHAXC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS — C:10, 7:10. »:20, 11:10 a. in.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. ni. Saturdays — Kxira trips at
1::3 <tnd C:ZZ v. m.
SUNDAYS-3:10, 9:40. 11:10. a. m.: 1:M. J:«.
5:C6. 6\2l> r. m.
Between t-an Francisco and Schuetzen Park
•ame »cheJu!<? as alwve.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr, la. 1^00. j San Francisco.
W" k I f un " J ! Sun- I Week"
Days, j days. | Destination. | d«y». ) Days.
I : ™ am l l' M sm Novato. 110:40 am! »:Oarn
8:30 pin 9:30 am Potaluma. 6:0.", pmil0-25 am
t:U pm| 5:00 pm Santa r., »a.| 7:35 ;.m! 6::o pm
Fulton.
t iZO am Windsor. t 0S am
ilea!d.«burs.
Lyttan.
' Ceyserviile.
8:30 pml 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm t:»o pm
i-zn ami j Hopland j 110-;-. am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Vkloh. | 7:33 prn! «!w pS
1:30 am! > (1ft .«- ,_i
- |8:C0am Gu-rnevlllc. 7:33 pm
1:30 m l \ 8:10 pm
1:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am SMOara
»:10pm|E:C0pm GIgn Ellen. C:C3 pm 8:23 pra
iiSsslg^ggl->ie« IM »cp tt ul i ?ig*gp,=ga
Stases connect at Pints Rp«a for Mark West
Bprtnpi and White Sulph'jp Springs at : Fulwa
fcr Altruna: nt Lytton for I.yttcn Sprlnr"' nt
?or J t£ Ill ?, for S^KC» Springs: at Cloverda"
l°p r r.nVi, e Hl^a^ 8%»5rfeS^ r 5K?gg»
bad Spring. Soda Bay. I^krVort and Rartlett
Spring.: at LTclah fcr Vichy Sprint™ Sa "tog"
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel D-ll Lake Witter
John Day s. Riverside. LWley-9. BurknellV
Banhedrln Heights. HullvllK Orr ; » n't
Bprtnes, Mendocino Cltv Fort BrnJe wi.r
ndaT t9aaA trlD tlc5e " •«
r<Hneral Manner. Gen.- r5jaa?^it.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN-ESTABLISHED 1881
< 3 -'^fei>^- = i^(^S^Sk#5^> e have gained our pres-
/ -^-'^k ent hi^ n standing- by curirg
: "?^ 1 f 5-^^. diseases and weakness not
/wWSfi^aL*^*"*^ ~ >r '^tvV.^^S^k onlv ln their earlier stages.
WS^-gs-lll^??^* "• * - "¦' -»^^*S^^ but thos e which had become
}>§§*&jt%/ : Zs *~^|3r practice and as specialists In
llj&sfcg&Z^ ,.., •§§><¥ curing diseases and weak-
'G$&0, i ---l.kii'i :^^^^ Our treatment gives vim.
|f\m ,^^*f^S*fS^>v ' vigor, vitality, strength and
It mffiSg W^'>j\ ambition to weak and de--
<A W W - Ia^-^SZ&'/v/ SSff^l h spondent men. young or old.
V >» "/ty rK. <=^&y£' married or single, regardles-s
' \ « ''$,$ t, I ~&>^A oi tne cause of their trouble.
/ \S» IUWI-', "FxvVI Ve m a g tcr wasting weak-
'/ \ -ffimt V$S?1 ncss - unnatural drains.
///y^*\0'i '.'if, •'Af.«**^irJi^>V A losses, etc., quickly and per-
#f|P Wv' 1 ¦ ; Vfraffw '// manently -
<M^k W§M^^^$%~ '*$$r//y contracted disease 3 .
including contagious
WffiL >9mfmwm W> bIood poIson ' stricture '
\ ti^S4feSi^l>^^ varicocele ' hydrecsls, rup-
P^ X^ 4 X^^piMsl t^jT ture > P iles , diseases of ths
i \V Sv £L_y <^^^^^^^ r kidney, spine, Madder,
nAnAiil^A^iAn Trt.* Our reputation is the best." We
BsSli \ l HIS J \nn r iPP arc Popular becnuse we cure our pa-
UUIIuUliUiiUll IfUU' tients quickly and permanently.
Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test our methods, rem-
edies and appliances may deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San
Francisco. If a cure is not effected in a reasonable time the bank
will return the money. Payments may be made in monthly installments
if preferred. ' Prices. reasonable, alike ,to rich or poor.
731 Market Street I elevator i^j^M
SAN FRANCISCO. 1 ¦^¦WlttAWOlU Sundays— 9 to H
*' "¦ 'i.tegPEPgaTMBMBBKBgaCHISfc'-''-. -Libel Against the jfidalgo.
• Olof Johnson filed yesterday in the
United States District Court an lnterven-.
tion against the schooner Fldalgo to re
cover J228 for wages alleged to be due for
his services as Iirst mate.
Your Own Pictures.
We have a splendid stock of cameras
from SO cents up to $13 each and all ma
terials for taking pictures of tue proces
sion and the various interesting decora
tions. Sajiborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
Btreet. •
Chinese Girls Rescued.
Mrs. Lake of the Chinese Methodist
Mission secured warrants from Judgo
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of May
Coy and Leongr Hoe, two Chinese girls, on
a charge of vagrancy. Tliegirls were ar
rested In a house on Sullivan alley by
Detective 'Bailey and taken to the Cltv
Prison, where they were released on bail
Mrs. I-ake's object is to rescue the girls
from a life of shame.
An At Home Concert.
A golden wedding l b delightful; ape Is
an evidence of wisdom In man, of solidity
in commerce. » - >
How pleasins: to be able to celebrate
one's golden jubilee In one's own home!
A general Invitation Is extended to all
to attend a promenade concert at 8 o'clock
this evening to celebrate tho anniversary
of the foundlnp fifty years ago of thB
house of Goldberg, Bowen & Co
The concert will be held at 232 Sutter
where punch will also he served. • '
An Insolvent Missionary.
Louisa A. Brown, Christian missionary,
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday in
the United States District Court She
owes $1799 on a Superior Court judgment
for street work done and $40 on a promis
sory note. She has no assets.
THE many friends of Rev. Father J.
M. Gleason, formerly of St. Rose's
Church in this city, will be surprised
to hear that he Is in Peking. Father
Gleason left here a year ago for
Manila, where he gained the friendship
and love of all the soldiers by his devo
tion to the spiritual needs of the men.
He was on his way home when he met
with General Chaffee's expedition to
China at Nagasaki. As is characteristic
Hedals for Bravery.
The Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children has decided to award
a medal to George If. Jrsson and another
to Mrs. Kcllie K. Totting for bravery and
rescuing- a little 10-y ear-old boy from
«l»-a.th J:i a fire at 2>7 Jowa street on Au
gust l*>. At great risk they rushed Into
the burning building and searched around
in the dense *moke until they found the
h;Jf dead lad under the bed. It -was with
difficulty that the three reached the frei=h
air ag<»in. The medals will be suitably in
scribed. A vote of rrgr«;t was passed on
account cf the resignation of Secretary
< 'olonel \V. H. Parnell. who will soon take
< haire of a military school at San Mateo.
Dismissed Davis Contest.
Judge Coffey dismissed the contest re
cently instituted by Laura E. Tracy,
daughter of John Davis, to the will ot her
uncle, the late Jacob Z. Davis. Joseph
Campbell, representing Lizzie Muir and
Belle Curtis, proponents of the will,
moved for the dismissal of the contest on
the ground that it was barred by the
statute of limitations, the will havinjr
been admitted to probate over two years
ago. George W. Monteith, who represents
the contestant, will appeal to the Supreme
Court and thence to the Vnited States
courts, as he contends his client has been
deprived of her property in violation of
the fourteenth amendment of the consti
tution of tho United States.
To-Day's News Letter.
Saturday is News Letter day and to
day's issue is full of good things that
will be easerly read and talked about
afterward. Reginald Schuyler has at last
devoted his attention to the shirt-waist
man and John A. Tavler addresses the
clubmen of San Francisco on "The Hats
You Wear and the Hais I Wear." A spe
cial feature is another Horace Egber*
turf story. In which "Plum Puddln 1 Tom
my" is tho central figure. •
Visitors to the City.
The famous diamon 1 palace. 221 Mont
gomery street, will be open to-night to
afford visitors an opportunity of seeing It
illummated . -\ . •
Many ex-Soldiers Distressed.
The Associated Charities held Its regu
lar meetins at 601 Commercial street yes
terday afternoon. Captain Oliver El
dridge. president of the meeting, was
chairman. " The report of the register was
read and accepted. The report shows that
during the past month ninety-nine per
sons have applied for assistance—seventy
four new and twenty-five recurrent casts.
Of the new cases fifty were brought to the
society's notice by the Red Cross.- they
beinff f''ischarRed military prisoners from
Alcatmz Island, among whom there 13
great distress. Mrs. A. W. Flint, the for
mer register of the Charities, has Riven up
her position, as she is to leave the State.
Her place has been taken by Mrs. Fisher.
SONS OF VERMONT DANCE
AND ENTERTAINMENT!
Odd Fellows' Hall Crowded With
Green Mountain Boys and Their
Friends.
Tbe monthly entertainment and dance
cf the Pacific Coast Association, Native
Sons <;f Vermont, at Odd Fellows' Hall
last night was attended hy an unusually
iarpe crowd. The various nunibers on the
programme were rendered and many were
recall'-'i. Following was the programme:
Ov^rtur*. Tm'teEiajrx*-' e Orcheptra: readinE-
».!!«-n Try-ins th^ -Rose Act.' "
Kttt Grace Fern of Chicago; coon fipeclalties
¦ in costume). Miss Hazel Aubrey; song, ne
1. <t»<i, Tom Gre*n of th*- Tivoll Opera-house;
popntan aoto. *'Th«» Woodland K*rena.Je" iMas
ctiTonit. Miw nr>s«li<? Harrison: «-l<>ction!i.
Mr. i;»nr(tp Hamm«»rt.mlth; Bpteialties. MiFS
il«lf>n Stuart. lat« of the Grand Opera-house ;
s -.e. Columbia Quart t-t. J. C. Flood first
>n«)r; <;eoir* Wallace. eeron<l tenor; J. Dona
l.u-. first last; J. J. Colpan. second bass.
Hran^r Mathews" one-art comedy,
"N'oihir.g Succeed? Like Success," with
George Hammersmith and Miss Grace
1'^rti in the principal roles, was cleverly
rjnn<> and finished the entertainment. The
dance tnat followed was enjoyed by all.
of him his plans were changed at the
thought of the danger* of the China cam
paiKn and the knowUdt,e that a priest
was wanted by the men going on the
hazardous journey. Tie accepted the in
vitation of Oenera] Cbaffee and is now
with the troops at Peking-
The Archbishop of Tokio told Father
(lleason that Bishop Favier. 6.1 years of
age. the venerable prelate of Peking, was
present at a diplomatic dinner in Peking
and at its conclusion remarked to the as
sembled guests: "Gentlemen, as for me
1 am an 0I1V man and my place is her'-:
but for you. co. and £o immediately. T
know the condition of affairs and I know
too that this movement of Boxer? Is r.ot
without the sanction of the imperial
armv." His remarks were smiled at. Two
weeks later the assembled guests, who
could rot interpret the .'itrns of the times
as clearly as the old t'.lshop. wanted to
get away from Peking rut could not.
Oil? AE SIMPSON", the nurse charged
//\i/\ with diamonds that be-
II Ik. v, ' on K c^ to tne ' ate Mrs. Peanne
*^ Ney La Roche, whom she
nursed before her death, was yester
day held to answer hefore the Superior
Court by Judse Conlan in $20O) bonds, the
charge beiiiR grand larceny. Her attor
neys ashed that the bonds shou'd be re
duced to $1000. but the Judge refused their
request.
In Rlvinjr hi? decision the Judge said:
"I tun satisfied that a crime has been
committed and that the defendant had a
hand in the commisison of it. She made
a number of contradictory statements as
to how she- came into possession of the
The defendant was taken to the Clty
Prison. as her bonds were not forthcom
ing. Kx-JuriKc Low iiurlnsr the afternoon
applied for ;i writ of habeas corpus for
her relcasf before Jtidce Cook and it was
marie returnable this morning.
jewelry and showed that she lTttende.1 to
keep her knowledge as to the owner se
cret. It was shown that Mrs. La. Roch»
had 'made complaint to Mr. Gunzhurgrr
and to Dr. Kosencrantz rts to missinK her
jewelry, and the testimony In regard to
the ownership of the crescent pin was
against the defendant. She testified that
it was griven to her l>y a Rentlemfin pa
tient In I..o«» Angeles", but several witnesses
testified that it belongul to Mrs. La
Roche."
might have been using to excess pre
viously.
"I would state here that Mrs. Craven's
'room whs permeated with the odor of
cigarette smoke each time we called, al
though the windows were kept open.
"As to course Xo. 3. I do not think that
I tan at the present time conscientiously
form a definite opinion concerning Mrs.
< "raven's mental condition, because of the
impossibility of fullilling the conditions
nece.ssary for such observations: besides;
when I take into consideration all the cir
cumstances surrounding Mrs. Craven's ca
reer Within the last few years I must re
quest that different measures be taken be
fore I can pass final judgment upon her
mental condition. I would have her un
der observation in a public institution,
and if necessary for some length of time."
Dr. Lustig's Report.
Repardinpr Mrs. Craven's condition Dr.
D. D, Lustig s-aid: "In pursuance of your
order asking me to examine Mrs. Nettie
Craven as to her mental condition I re
port ns follows: I made an examination
of Mrs. Craven at 1SK» Sutter street on the.
afternoon of September 1. in the presence
of Drs. Rethors. Clinton and Herrington.
Her attending physician; I^r. Herring-ton,
informed me that he had l>een attending
Mrs. Craven .since August 23, 1W0, and
thiit he had been treating her for insanity
following excessive use of morphine and
b<-!nsr subsequently deprived of it.
"I found hor apparently very irrational
In conversation, tUatind and claiming that
she was- being abused and maltreated:
that people were sticking knive3 and pins
in her. nnd she Insisted upon showing her
limf;^ where the injuries were presumed
to have been inflicted.
"This she rfpeuted over and over
again, with slight variations. She was
nervous, but nut noisy nor violent.
"The pulse, which had been somewhat
rapid at our emrnnce, subsided and prior
to our departure was normal. During our
stay in the room she was up and about
and never once exhibited any sign of phy
sical weakness.
"She was pale and had evidently lost
weight.
' A person who becomes insane from ex
cessive use of drups has other svmptoms
besides delusions— vaso motor " disturb
ances, excessive sweating, cramps ex
rf-s.sjv.> cardiac action, feeling of impend
ing death.
"The hallucinations are usually those of
siKlit: patients very tremulous; possens
BUlcidal impulses which lack force of exe
cution; clamor for drug; promise any
thing- to tret a dose.
"None of these the patient exhibited,
the only symptom exhibited beinp hf>r de
lusion that :-he is helnp tortured and per
secuted, and she made the statement
calmly and without excitement, dlfferlnor
from the maniac.
"Dementia following the use of drups
does not come on suddenly, but gradually
Upon -our entrance to room she was dis
covered Kmokinp a ciparette. There was
a plate of strawberries and cake on her
bureau— odd employment and diet for a
patient physically and mentally ill.
"I called again to see her September 5,
and found hvr in same mental condition;
pulse strong and repular.
"The room pmelled strongly of cigar
" I *u ink Pitifnt is feigning. Still there
may be a doubt as to the correctness of
my diagnosis.
"Under the conditions it Is Impossible to
eetra clearer solution. To do so I would
desire patient under my sole charce and
constant Kurveillanee for some time
"Ourins: the visit of September A she
Impressed me stronprly as acting: as a ner
pon would under the effect of a druc
penlle blush on cheek: eyes brlRhf nulW
strong: -talkative (rationally) (she iS aJ
ways po), Interspersed with laughter"
Drs. I.ustipr and Rethers sard, after thev
had handed in their reports, that they had
inchidrd in the same the result of all of
their observations. Though it is their
opin on that Mrs. Craven is feiEnin K . both
admit that there may be some doubt that
such is the case, but without longer ob
servation neither was willing to make a
positive assertion one way or the other
mRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN'S men
tal condition Is an enigma. Three
physicians have confessed their
inability at this time to make a
correct diagnosis of her case, though one
of their number plainly asserts that "he
believes" she is shamming insanity. The
i ntmotspheTe of her apartments is heavy
; with the fumes of cigarettes, and In her
i waking hours she raves of imagined
I abuse* and points to her limbs where
' knives and ne^-dles*. in her disordered in
' agination, have hec-n driven by her vis
; lonary torturers. It has been assorted
' that her reason had been wrecked by the
j constant use of drugs. A member of the
j Insanity Commission fails to find evidence
j corroborative of this assertion. Her phys
, icaJ condition, it is said, will i>crmit of hor
; presence in court, and an order has been
I issued by Judge Cook compelling lux pro?-.
I ence for arraignment on a charge of for
; gery on Friday next. If she is not present
i a bench warrant will issue and she will
i come into court a prisoner of the Sheriff.
i Drs. I). D. Lustig. Theodore Rothers and
i I^. Bazet filed their formal reports with
Judge Cook yesterday. Their opinions
vary but slightly as to Mrs. Craven's con
dition, all agn-eing that physically at least
she Is on the road to recovery. Drs.
Rethers and Lustig. before expressing a
final opinion as to her ganity, ask that
the patient be placed where she can be
observed at all times and under all con
ditions. As Mrs. Craven Is our" t 6n n^tl
there was some question as to the right
of the court to order her Into confinement
for this purpose. The order' for her to
appear in court next Friday was the re-
SU ln his report, which was the moving pa
per in the case. Dr. Bazet stated that he
callc-d on Mrs. Craven at l^la Sutter street
on August 31. He found her "in a great
etate of excitability, with maniacal ideas
of conspiracy and persecution." Dr. Her
; rington. who treated Mrs. Craven, Dr.
1 Bazet said, attributed her condition to
' abstinence from morphine. In his opinion
Mrs. Craven was in no condition to ap
' rear in court. The facts that Dr. .Bazet
: had embodied in his report to the Chief
i of Police resulted in the appointment of
¦ Drs. I-ustig and Rethers to further exam
f ine Mrs. Craven.
Erratic and Rational by Turn.
Dr. Rethers in his report says;
'•I found Mrs. Craven in a highly excited
condition: she complained of persecutions
on the part of the, Masons, said that
they had broken into her rooms, had at
tacked hef with pointed instruments and
that fhe had been abused by them in a
fhameful manner. She continued to talk
incessantly during our presence in her
room, wandering In her talk Irom one
subject to another.
"Otherwise she answered most questions
lr. a. rational manner and gave a fairly
lucid account of her doings previous to
her entrance into the panitarlum. Her
physical condition pceemed poor, her tem
perature apparently normal, her pulse at
llrst weak, irregular, intermittent and
changeable, but before we loft, within a
half hour's tlmo, it had become regular,
more full and stronger. The pupils of her
eves were normal, reacted upon llpht. and
of equal size: her tongue was moist, with
a slipht coatinp at the base; her heart
phowed no organic lesion, and there, were
no symptoms of any organic lesions either
of the central or perlphercal nervous sys
"Drs Clinton and Herrlngton were also
present at our examination. On Septem
ber'5. In company with D. D. LustiR. M.D-.
I atrain visited Mrs. Craven at the sani
tarium, where we also met Dr. Ilernng
ton. who has been attending her.
"The Information gained from the at
tendantfl in the sanitarium concerning her
conduct in the interim was meager and
not verv satisfactory, they having stated
that Mrs. Craven had been restless, noisy
and irrational.
"To me she appeared more quiet and
brighter than en the previous examina
tion, more definite and more connected,
and It was only upon inquiry that she re
ferred to the Masons and their supposed
ptrFecutions of herself.
"Her pulse was stronger, at times per
haps somewhat weak and slightly irregu
lar: otherwise she showed no abnormal
eymptoms.
"As far as her physical condition at the
time of my first examination was con
cerned. I did not think that she would
T>e able to leave her room for some time,
hut upon my last visit she ha.d greatly im
proved in that respect, and I judge that If
nothing unforeseen should intervene her
physical condition would be such that she
will be able to appear in court within a
very short apace of time.
Things to Be Considered. • %i
"Regardin>»-fier mental condition, I wish
to be conservative in expressing an opin
ion. In our UK-jal examination of the
insane our Judgment is formed by con
sidering the statements of irvar friends
and relatives concerning the conduct and
mental condition of an alleged insane per
son, both previous to the beginniifs? of the
mental aberration and subsequently up to
the time of the examination for commit
ment.
"Secondly, we take the testimony of the
attendants at the Receiving Hospital
where the alleged Ir.Fa.ne person is de
tained—that is«, statements from entirely
disinterested persons — city officials.
"Thirdly, our own observations of the
patient, extending over the period of time
during which the patient has been de
tained at the Receiving Hospital.
"In other words, we adopt, when pos
sible, those courses in our mode of of ex
amination. Now, in repard to Mrs. Cra
ven's cape, I consider that the informa
tion which I have been able to Rather in
order to fulfill the requirements of course
No. 1 entirely inadequate and Insufficient.
"As far as course Xo. 2 In concerned,
that Mrs. Craven be detained !n a public
or se.mi-public institution, where there is
at least a resident physician, who Is ready
at any -and uJl times to observe 'the pa
tient in the different phases of her daily
physical and mental condition, and whero
a patient would bo compelled to observe
all directions piven by her physician, as
well as to abstain, from any drugs, nar
cotics or stimulants which the patient
YOTTWr WOMAN CHARGED WITH STEALIUa MRS. LA ROCHE'S
DIAMONDS.
Manager Edward Boas of Hamburg-
American Steamship Company
Is in This City.
Kdward T-. Roof. American manager of
thd Hwnburg-Ainerloa Steamship Com
jiajiv, i? at the Palace. He arrived yes»
?prday from New York, hi? visit here being
*""r thp purpoF«» of «>xr>oditinp properly the
noveraent «>f the German transports that
,ir" to carry horses, mules and forage
from this port to China for the use of the
<;<rmarj array.
TYie (-team ships Samoa an<i JCurnhers
are now in the harhor and it is expected
in.it thev will be on their way to the
i >riwit srlthla two nefks. There are four
¦ thrr vesfiels bound for San Francisco —
i»ne from New York :ind several from
• hlna. They ar* 1 the Bosnia, Aliesia, Ve
rona and Frankfort.
"We 'ndcavored to pret 5=hips here." said
Mr Boas, "'tiut the AmorU-an Government
J fore^taPed us and prices went to
• gures that v.e could not afford to
"Tr.;» :«•. and we did the next best thinK.
-. i«J -.hot was to send ships here fromother
; -a".* of the world. Provision has been
¦ t'i tratif port 4W horses and mules at
lime, and It is probable that there
will !••¦- further business done with this
port. Th» German Government may tind
[i necessary to purchase commfssary cup
plies In San FrancL^co. by reason of the
fari that there is nearly a month difft-r
¦ ?teaminiE time Vetween this coast
th* port of Taku a."» compared -with
¦ - p from Hamburg. Tri? fact Is,
theref re. crratly m favor of San Fran-
WILL SHIP MULES AND
HORSES TO GERMAN ARMY
American shipping is looking up. It is
many a long day since such a display of
the Stars and Stripes was seen along the
water front as at the present time. Some
of the fastest clippers in the world are
flying Old Glory to the breeze, while some
of the finest pictures of marine archi
tecture tower aloft to show that Uncle
Sam's shipbuilders had not lost their cun
ning.
The saddest feature of the whole dis
play, however, is the fact that four of the
best vessels of their class the world has
ever seen are flying their flags at half
mast. They are the American steel ships
Dirigo, Erskine M. Phelps, Edward Sew
all and the wooden ship Roanoke. Arthur
Sewall, the builder and managing owner
of these vessels, died last Wednesday and
his funeral takes place this morning.
The Dirigo was the iirst steel sailing
ship built in America. The plates were
brought from England. Then the Erskine
M. Phelps was placed on the stocks, and
all her plates came from American fac
tories. In consequence the Phelps is
American from k*>el to truck. She was
named after a lifelong friend of Arthur
Sewall and Is one of the prettiest ships
atloat.
In regard to the story telegraphed about
the illness of Mr. Phelps the facts of the
matter have been exasperated. Captain
Graham of the Erskine M. Phelps received
a personal tel/gram yesterday which
states. "Am painfully but not dangerous
ly ill."
The Kdward Sewall Is the last of the
Ftecl fleet to come to San Francisco, while
the Roanoke vu the lust and largest
wooden ship rver launched from the
Bewails' shipyards. It is a matter of com
ment amonp ship men that the first steel
ship ever launched In America and the
finest and largest wooden ship ever built
at Hath. Mo., should bo in port at the
panic time as the death and burial of their
owner and builder.
Transports and the Parade.
The United States transport Lawton will
be open to a limited number of Ruests to
niKht. The vessel took the place of the
Westminster yesterday, and from her
poopdeek a tine vii'\v of- the spectacle will
he procured. On Tuesday tbo Lawinn will
proceed to Nome to brinp back stranded
miners. The transport Thomas will re
main In the stream over Sunday ami will
dock Monday morninp.
The German transports Samoa. Eva and
Numbers are all In tha hands of the Ris
don Iron Works. This linn has the con
tract to fit them out for the carrying of
horses from here to China. The work of
Kitting; the vessels r^ady will be rushed
and gangs of men are now at work on all
three vessel?.
A Troublesome Consignment.
The steamer Doric, which arrived in
port last Monday from Hongkong, had
among her cargo one stork, some birds
and two Japanese pug clogs, rom-'lKned to
C. D. Hunker & Co. It will be necessary
to procure a permit from the. Department
of Agriculture at Washington to land the
stork, while the pugs must go to quaran
tine at Angel Island for two weeks. An
additional certificate will have to be pro
cured from Alexander McCJraw of the
Horticultural Board or Ij. M. Loomls of
the Academy of Sciences to prove that
they are free from disease.
Bark Pacifico'in Trouble.
Water Front Notes.
The Chilean bark Paclfico arrived this
morning in distress. During a gale on
July 27 the foretonmast and Jlbboom went
by the board and the bowsprit was
sprung. Over 25,000 feet of lumber was
jettisoned during the storm. The Pacittco
was on her way from Port Blakeley for
Antofogasta with r>S0.000 feet of pine lum
ber when the accident occurred.
Robert Buckley fell down the hold of the
German -ship Alsternisce, at Main street
yesterday and nearly came to his death.
\VhPn taken to the Harbor Hospital he
was suffering from concussion of the
brain, possible fracture of the skull, a
broken collarbone and several ribs broken,
besides a number of other injuries. After
a careful examination Drs. Dray and
Irontis pent the iniuml man to the cen
tral Receiving Hospital.
A man-e.itlncr rhark was brought in by
the lishermon yesterday. It measured
flevcn feet three inches and was six feet
three inchs in circumference. The mon
ster is to he placed on exhibition.
Shipmaster's Yards "Tlying
Flags at Half -Mast on
the Front.
Four Latest Products of the Dead
Last Wooden and First Steel
Ships Built hy Arthur
Sewall in Port.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The case against Benjamin C. Bergen
looked very strong after United States
District Judgf de Haven had charged the
jury yesterday afternoon, but the jurors
had he-cn in consultation not more than
fifteen minutes when a verdict of not
guilty tvas returned. It was greeted with
handclapplng — an unusual occurrence In a
Federal court. The demonstration was
rromptly suppressed.
Berjrrn was a weigher In the assay de
partment of the Unked States branch
mint, on Fifth street. On April 10 of this
year he was followed from the mint to
Zlr.kar.d's restaurant by Detectives O'Dea
&nd Ryan and arrested. In a vest pocket
was $10 worth of gold in small chips done
up in a piece of paper. Inside his vest
was a pair of shears belonging to the GoW
< -rnrnent and used in the mint to clip gold
:mo Email b'.ts.
Bergen was indicted for the embezzle
ment of J10 worth of gold from the Gov
ernment. In addition to the testimony ot
the detectives several pawnbrokers testi
fied that Bergen had on several occasions
«old them gold of similar quality ana
?hape. The defendant was not rut on the
stand. His counsel. Judge Denson and
Bert Schles-trjrcr. argued to the jury that
t!-.e t-ovcmir.f-nt had not proved that the
p>'ri found in Bergcn's vest pocket had
been tsiKen by him from the mint, and that
In the absr-nVe of such proof a case had
r.ot been rr.nde rut.
The case for the Government was con-
by Assistant United States Attor
::«=•>• Banning.
Scraps cf the Precious Metal Found
in His Pocket by the Detec
tives, but Origin Not
Proved.
Otherwise Strong Case Has
One Defective Link in
the Middle.
BERGEN FOUND
SOT GUILTY OF
STEALING GOLD
THE, SAN FKANOISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.
Miss Mae Simpson Dees Not Clear Herself in Eyes
of Judge Conlan — Her Attorney Demands
Writ of Habeas Corpus.
ACCUSED NURSE HELD
ON LARCENY CHARGE
NETTIE R. CRAVEN IS A
PUZZLE TO PHYSICIANS
Drs. Lisstng and Rethers Believe She Is Shamming
Insanity — Smokes Cigarettes and Raves
Over imaginary Persecutors.
2TRS. NETTIE B. CRAVEN,
(PHOTO BY BUSHNELL.)
FATHER GLEASON
IS NOW IN CHINA
Joined General Chaffee's
Expedition at City of
. Nagasaki.
SAN FRANCISCO PRIEST WHO
IS WITH AMERICAN ARMY
IN CHINA.
(Photo by Ashman.)
9
"Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's Call,
September 9.
, r ' : ADVERTISEMENTS.
The NEW YORK DENTAL PARLORS are conveniently and elaborately arranged with PRIVATE OPERATING ROOMS for each
patient, with all modorn appliances, and being the enly DENTAL PARLORS in Son Francisco which receive all dental supplies direct
from the MANUFACTURERS, which fact enable* us to carry a SUPERIOR QUALITY, and give our patrons a MODERATE PRICE
on all work done by ub.
/In our GOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE WORK, of which we are making: a SPECIALTY, th* most BEATJTTFTJL,. PAINLESS and
DURABLE of all d*>ntal work known to the profession, you will find an example of the HIGHEST ARTISTIC ATTAINMENT, the
adaptability of which to the HYGIENIC conditions of the mouth is unquestioned.
If you are troubled with nervousness or heart trouble, be sure and call upon us. You will have no fainting spells, no' bad after
effects.
•. .^ \... ;.&¦ 1 &§iJ^''^ Have your teeth out in the morning 1 and go
88 **^ . home with new ones the same day.
Nowhere on earth Is the subject of dentistry so thoroughly understood and so much care experienced as by the directors of this
maEniflcently appointed dental 4 office. ;
Tef-th extracted and flUrd absolutely without pain by our late scientific method. No sleep-producing agents or cocaine. These
are tho only dental parlors In San Francisco that have the patent appliances and Ingredients to extract, 011 and apply gold crowns
and .porcelain crowns, undetectable from natural teeth and warranted for ten years, without the least particle of pain. Gold crowns
and teeth without plates, gold fillings and all other der.tal work done painlessly and by specialists.
Our prices are the lowest consistent with flrat-class work. We do not try to compete .with CHEAP dental work.
_y\ e are making a specialty of gold crown and bridge work. Our name alone will be a guarantee that your work will be of the
host, vie have a specioli-t In each department. Best operators, best Rold workmen and extractors of teeth: in fact, all the staff are
inventors of modern dentistry. We will tell you In advance exactly what your work will cost by a free examination. Give us a'call,
and you will find we do exactly as we advertise. ¦-.¦'•
~,i\ -••"¦: A. PROTECTIVE GUARANTEE griven with all work for ten years. , . '
TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAIN.
Set of Teeth,... .........$5.00- ND PLATES f^fiNL
GolcMniing.. 81.00 REQ[]|n
Best Teeth, S. S. W ....$3.00 ef^fl^
Gold* Crown 65.00 #
Silver Filling. 50c
Ladies Always in Attendance. Hours: § to 8 ; Sundays, 10 to 4.
NEW YORK DENTAL PARLORS, 723 Market St.
POSTUM CEREAL.
CHATTANOOGA WOMAN
Has Reason to Take Coffee Out of Her
Family. _
"After drinking cofTee some vcars. I
txxame badly run down in health, had
indigestion, flatulency and ner-
vousness, with severe spells of sick head-
"My physician advised me lone aeo
to stop drinking coffee, but I said it
would be an impossibility, that I would
rather do without my breakfast and have
my cup of coffee.
"About six months ajro I tried Pos-
tum Food Coffee and made it strictly
according to directions. I was so de-
lighted with it that I immediately dis-
continued cofTee and besran usine Pos-
tum. I have not had a oound of cof-
fce in my house fince and never expect
to again. All symptoms of indigestion
have disappeared entirely and my
:icrves are prrowinj? stronjrer every day.
My weight has increased about twenty
pounds and I now weigh more than I
ever weighed in my life.
"I have known people to trv Postum
:.nd throw it aside, for the reason thnt
they made it carelessly. It has a deli-
rious flavor and is dark and rich as
Mocha f.r Java, if properlv boiled, but
if not boiled lone enouph it is tasteless.
Put a^ pit*ce of butter in the pot the size
of a navy bean to prevent boilintr over.
"My husband's weight has increased
thirty pounds since he besran drinking
it. and my little hoy. who has been very I
delicate and did rot eat as children
•isuaily do, used to drink coffee at
k. reakfan. After I crave him Postum
for a few days his npnetitc improved
'nd he i? gaining in flesh daily. You
ran iman;i n e we ?re strong friends Lof«|
Food Coffer" Mrs. Robt.
Harris £15 Walnut "St., Chattanooga,
Tcnn
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
NOTICE TOVflfiS
Precinct Registration.
Department el Elections. Office of Ret*«-
trar of Voters.
NOTICE IS IIEREEY OIVEN THAT THB
Boards of f'recinct Registration for the
general election to be held on Tuesday, the «t!i .
day of November. A. D. 1900. will meet In their
. respective precincts for the registration of vot-
ers. a«i such other purposes as are prescribed
ly law. on SATURDAY. September «th. SAT-
URDAY, September luth. and r'ATfRDAV,
September ~Jd, lSOOt from 10 o'clock a. m. to
10 o'clock p. m.'
All electors who have not been registered tnt
sal-J central election are hereby Invited to
present themselves for registration.
The Hoar-la of I^eclnct Registration will »it
as ebove for the purpose of registering all
l-'Kal and qnaBficd voters residing in their rr<"-
rincts v.-ho hav-r not registered at the office of
the liesistrnr of Voters since January 1st, 19fin.
Any jwrson whi has nat resl^tered sine*
JANUARY l?t. r<\>. and fails to re*!?ter at the
Hoard el Precinct Registration ff the precinct
in which he resides. will be debarred the privi-
1<*K' of votinsr at the general election to ho
heiii Korembev 6th. ism.
The office of th« Registrar of Voters will re-
main open from S:30 o'clock a. m. to 10 o'clock
p. m. daily, until September 2Uth. 13t>0, when
all registration will cease.
All electors who have changed their residence
since, registering 1 are required to call at the of-
fice of th» R/slstrar of Voters between Sep-
tember 27th rnd October 11th. ir*K>. Inclusive.
XO CHANGES-MADE AFTER OCTOBER
11th, 13^0.
Boards of Precinct Retristration canr.ot malt*
transfers of electors from one precinct to
another. All rersgps desiring transfer MUST
call at the ofPoe of the Registrar of Votera on
cr before October 11th, 10W.
The following plaeea have been secured for
the sessions of the Boards of Precinct Regis-
tration:
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 3^4 FVteom St. ] 9. ST. Mission St.
2. 21« Steuart St. 10. ZS2 Mission St.
3. 4C3 Harrison St. ! 11. 666 Mission St.
4. 4tf Folsom St. 12. 437 Third St.
5. ?56 Mrst St. 13. 32 Runt St.
«. 503 Howard St. \U. 6S5 Howard St.
7. 1C3 SecanJ St. 13. 241 Third St.
8. 121 Second St. * I IS. 42> Third St.
T^VENTY-N'INTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
1. 21S Jessie St. 'to. T3 F.-ilaom St.
2. 2» Fourth St. ' 11. 770 Fr.btom St
3. 343 Jessie St. J12. sna Fol.«"m St.
4. 114 Fourth St. i 13. 41* Fourth St. •
5. If, Fourth St. Ill 306 Third St.
6. 2C2 NatOtn* St. 15. 1fll Fourth St.
7. 313 Mtnna St. 'l«. Ki Third St.
S. 30*:i Tehama St. 17. 4'J3 Fourth St.
9. S04 Folsom St. '
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 23i» Sixth St. 8. 1001 Howard St
2. f.i">2 J.-«sie St. 9. OS Sixth St.
3. 1663 Mission St. 1". 3*>4 Sixth St.
4. S67 Mission St. 111. 3:»7 Sixth St.
5. M) Howard St. !12. 441 Sixth St.
6. 445 Minna St. J 13. Sn Harrison Ft.
7. " SC3 Howard St. .114. 40S»i Sixth St.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 601 Stevenson St. 9. 1233 Howard St.
2. 124 s * Mission St. 10. fifiS rjementlna St.
3. 1243 Mission St. It. 11"3 Howard St.
4. 124 Kishth St. 1?. 4«!» Kitrhth St.
I 5. 11 »6 Howard St. 13. ll'.^U Folsom St.
6. 1»7 Tenth St. II. 423 Ninth St.
7. HIS Howard St. 13. 424 Ninth St.
! S. 2'J4 Ninth St. U6. 1407 Folsom St.
I THir.TY-SKi-OND ASSEVBX.T DISTRICT.
i 1. S.7 Second 8t S. 153 Bryant St.
2. 511 Thtrd St. 9. 711A lirannan St.
I 3. 110 Berry St. lft, BOCA Ninth St.
! 4. 514^ Third St. 11. 27'U Mariposa St.,
K. 5 4 .*0 Fourth St. corner Bryant t~t.
«. 108 Fourth St. : 12. Clt Twentieth St.
7. ."34 Sixth St '13. 100 Kentucky Pt. •
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. n<*ll Twentieth St. 8. Twenty-fourth and
2. 2S.«2 K-ilsom St. Potrero Ave.
3. 3H2 Twenty-tourth 9. NW. cor. Twenty-
Pt. fifth and San
4. 3r.;i Twenty-sixth Hruno Ave.
St. 10. 1S03 Twentieth St.
6. 2956 Twenty-fourth 11. S«T Twenty-secon-i
St. St.
6. 851 Twenty-third: 12. 922 Michigan St.
St. UL 6>* Railroad At*.
7. 2300 Bryant St. ! II. 13* Ha.llr..ad Av*.
!15. 1411 i:allroa-i Ave.
j THIRTY- FOI-RTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
¦ 1. 1S12U Folsom St. 12. » Valencia St.
2. 134 Eleventh St. 12. 2124 Mission St.
3. ir.27 Market St. 14. 2007 Sixteenth St.
4. 123 Valencia St. 12. 2M4 Sixteenth St.
Ti. IMS Mission St. IS. ZSZH Folsom M.
f. 1741 Mission St. 17. ri7 Mission St.
7. ie«> Folsom St. W. N2."» Valencia St.
t>. ISPS Howard St. 19. S4.S Valencia St.
I 9. 1?4S Howard St. ! 2i>. S04 Valencia St.
i lft. 3<Xi3 Sixteenth St. J21. 3C01 Nineteenth St.
j 11. 31vi Sixteenth St. I
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 37^7 Twenty-fourth 7. CM Twenty-fourtb
2. 36«a" Twenty-third 8. 14U Valencia St.
St. 9. 3316 Mission St.
3. 1304 Valencia St. 10. 431 Precita Av».
4. 3222 Twenty-aAond 11. 3^."> Mission St.
St. 12. H>1 Mission St.
5. 114.") Valencia St. 13. S823 Mission St.
6. ST33 Mission St. U. 4113 Mission St.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 42&« Seventeenth St. 113. 1310li Castro St.
2. 270 N'oe St. 14. Ii3o Castro St. »
3. 213 Church St. 15. 113 Twenty-et&ha
4. 242J Sixteenth St. Ft.
5. 302 DoIon-3 St. 18. JJE. cor. Sanchea
C. 4iC Sanchez St. and Day Sta.
7. El-4 Castro St. 17. 4304 Twenty-first St.
!». S03 Castro St. IS. Cor. Tenth A*e.
' 9. ' H<> Sanchez St. and K St.
| 10. KOI Et&htwnth St 13. 13 Thirtieth St
1 11. 3S4S Twenty-fourth 3Sk 12 and 1» V>ench St.
St. SL SE. cor. San Joaa
12. Twenty-third and and Ocean Rood.
DuuKlass Sts. 1 13. 9 riymouUi Ave.
THIRTY-SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 3M Hayes St. 1 12. 6ir. Buchanan St.
I 2. 1S2S Market! St. ! 13w «4.". Webster St.
3. 1!3 Face St. It. 627 Haisht St.
4. N.E. cor. Octavla 15. 122 DeTUadero St.
and Pago Sta. 18. 412 Devlsadem SL
5. 47r. Hayes St. 17. I»9 Halsrht St.
«. 6f>7 Lacuna St. 1*. 211 Scott St.
7. BIS Lacuna St. VK VF2 Oak St.
S. 261 Octavla St. 20. 13C3 Oak St.
5. 21S3 Market St. »1. II and Ninth Av«.,
in. us Flllmore St. Park View Hotel.
11. 319 Fillmore St.
THIP.TT-KirSHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 7'£ Turk St. li>. S17 I«aguna St.
2. &iS McAllister St 11. *2l Webster St
3. B47 McAllister St. 12, 1W5 Pierce St.
4. 337 Fulton St. 13. 1223 Steiner St.
3. 729 McAllister St. 14. 12i*!t Devtsariero St.
6. 13cr, Ellis St. I.',. 1WI1 Turk St.
7. 14.-.3 Buchanan St. i.«. 14Sa Fulton St.
8. 1314 Turk St. 17. 2OJ3 Golden Cat*
9. ll'XS Golden Gate • Ave.
Ave. WS. 24iO Fulton St.
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
1. Y!i) Hayea St. 11. 702 Po!k St.
2. 131 Larkln St. 12. 703 Larkln St.
3. 44 Grove St. 13. 421 Jones St.
4. 323 Golden Gate 14. <«<» Geary St.
Ave.' 1". 7WA Oeary St.
5. 310 Golden GatelH. S<>4 Larkin St.
• Ave. 1 17. K>2 O'Farrfll St.
«. yifl Lfavenworth St i IS. 1005 Post St.
7. 837 O'Farrell St. l.». 1218 Polk St.
S. OOS I^arkin St. 20. 14^2 California St.
». 420 McAllister St. 21. 1^3 California St.
10. C7<i Turk St. - I ;¦ A-
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. laOS Franklin St. 112. 1S2S Devisadero St.
2. 1529 Eush St. 13. 2927 California. St.
3. 1427 Octavla St. It 210.'. Geary St.
4. 1&1S Lastina St. 13. 2533 Sutter St.
5. 1S03 Rush St. lfi. :317 Pine St.
6. 2113 Pine St. 17. H'O Central Ave.
7. 20«7B Fillmore St. US. .%*S First Ave.
8. 19<H Flllmore St. I IS. N.W. cor. Point
9. 1619 Buchanan St. I and XInth Aves.
10. 1627'i Fillmore Ft. 1 20. 3300 Point Lobot
11. 1703 Devlsadero St. I Ave.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
!.~1415B Jackson St. 11. 2930 Octavia St.
2. 1702 Hyde St. 12. 3n«)iv. ¦Webster St.
1 1005 Hyde St. I 13. 1543 Knlon St.
4. T2S Bay St. 14. 1 Webster Place.
5. im Hyde St. 15. 26f)OVi SacramenM
S. 1606 Pacific Ave. . St.
7. 1616 Polk St. 18. 2926 Washlntfton St.
8. 2T23 Pacific Ave. 17. 2i/irt Central Ave.
9. 22C0 Flllmore St. 13. 27i> Greenwich St
10. ISIS Vallijo St. ID. 3617 Sacramento St. '
FORTY-SECON'D ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
; 1. 131 Turk St. 9. 13 12 Sacramento BC
2. 230 Taylor St. 1ft. 91* Bush St.
3. 137 Taylor St. 11. 1102 Clay St
4. 420 Jones St 12. lf«3 Pacific St
5. 310 O'Farrell St. 13. 1C2S Hyde St.
6. a«4 Geary St. 14. 1327 Pacific St.
7. 610 Post St. 15. 1212 Pacific St
S. 1235H Pme St.
FftnTY-THIRD ASSEMP>LY DISTRICT.
1. 33 Eddy St. S. 822 California St
2. 38 Ellis St. 9. 405 Irupont St. ¦
3. 302 Geary St. 10. 441 Bush St.
4. 137 Union Square 11. 64'J Broadway St
Ave. 12. 1103 Stockton St
5. 302 Stockton St 13. 1024 Clay St. ,
6. 572 Sutter St. 14. 12t>4 Mason St.
7. 313 Orant Ave.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT. ".
1. 1322 Stockton St. 9. 7M Filbert St.
2. E02 Broadway St. 10. J03 Filbert St.
3. 1333 Mason St. 11. Sit Mont*omeryAT
4. 1526 Stockton St. 12. lfil.'O Manon St.
5. 1626 Dupont St. 13. 2227 Taylor St.
«. 3CS Francisco St. li 17'« Leavenworth
7. 630 Lombard St St.
8. 301 Bay St. 13. 900 Greenwich St
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 26 Trinity St. 7. 233 East St.
2. 332 Rush St 8. 9 Pacific St.
3. 123 Leidesdorff St. 9. Z10 Broadway St
4. 14 and 16 Webb St. 10. *»> Pacific S^
6. 101 Montgomery Av. 11. 713 Davis Str
t., 107 Jackson St. 12. 342 Union St.
By order of the Board of Election CommJsi
sloners. . THO9. J. WALSH.
\ Registrar of Votera.
SEW : Wt4iTtR.1 faOTEt,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS. —RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to (1 50 day;
$3 to %i week; |S to 120 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates la «Ttry
room; elevator runs all alzhuNEW YORK, Sept. 7.— Bradstreet's to-morrow
will say:
Trade develorments for the week have been
mainly favorable and the improvement In gen
eral distributive business in the latter part of
Aupust has gathered force in the first week
of September. *~X«eading features have been the
widening full trade reported at nearly all points
West. South and on the Pacific Coast; some im
provement in the Jobbing demand at the East,
with Southern buying a marked feature, rather
better rerprts from the two great staple crops
of the West and South, wheat and cotton,
improved export demand for American products'
notably wheat. Iron and steel and cotton and
unvarying good returns by the transj-ortatlon
Interests of the country. The corner appears
to have turned in bank clearings, because the
aggregate for the first week of September, though
broken by holidays, is larger than the total for
the preceding week. The Industrial outlook
has been Improved by settlement of the tin
plate scale, the general resumption of operations
in the class Industry, the predicted settlement
satisfactorily of the remaining iron and steel
wa?e tcales and the possibility that recent
large sales of print-cloths will avert a resott to
wage reductions in the Xew England cotton
industry. The anthracite coaJ trade outlook
however, Is clouded by the prediction that 140 -
OOfi men will strike this week.
The iron and Rteel trade continues positively
cheerful In tone and a large business has been
and is now being booked. Xo Important gains
in prices are reported. .On the contrary bes
semer pig is lower on the week and little u
dotnc in steel bllletp, the ¦ price of which Is
little above that of raw pig.
Export demand is expanding, however— 10 000
tons of Southern pig being shipped this week
from Birmingham, and orders for twice as
much mere are reported booked. Iron produc
tion showed further heavy decline In August
but stocks a~aln increased.
Wheat including flour ehipments aggregate
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ' $i S4H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S8
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — • O7V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 43% Q 50Vj
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool was weak and Paris
lower. Xew York was a shade firmer.
Chicago opened dull but steady, with indica
tions of an advance. The bulls sold freely on
Thursday, but yesterday's offerings were freely
taken. The weather was fine for maturing
crops. Arcentine shipments were 400,000 bush
els. Cudahy.and other large operators were
reported putting out lines of December corn.
The local market was lower on thfe spot, but
futures remained about the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 03%; Milling, $1 05®
1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o" clock— December— 4000
ctls. *1 0SU4: 8000. Jl OSVi- May— 2000, tl 13H.
Second Session— December— 18.000 ctla, $1 OS?j.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4000 ctls,
$1 13H.
Afternoon Session— December — 2000 ctls,
$1 08% : 4000, $1 08% : 8000. $1 0S%.
BARLEY— Continues very dull at unchanged
quotations. ,
Feed, 70@72Hc for No. 1 and 63@67Hc for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades. 77V44P
82Hc; Chevalirr. nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— Xo sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — Xo sales.
Afternoon Session — Xo sales.
OATS — Dealers continue to report a very
quiet and unchanged market. The Government
shlured from this port to the forces in the
Orient in August 49, RSI ctls, the lion's share
of which came from Chicago.
White. $1 15®1 30; Surprise. $1 S5@l 40: Red,
$1 10@l 20; Gray. $1 10@l 20; Black, for feed
Jl 10©l 15; for seed, $1 lo^l 3) per ctl.
CORN— Is nominal at about $1 22^4 per ctL
with almost nothing offering.
RYE— S7Ms@IK>c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Government shipped to the Orient In
AuRust for army and navy account 14.7^0 bbls
Flour. -
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40®3 50-
Oregon and Washington, J2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15<&3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern
$4 75«5 75 per barrel. <«iera.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks nre as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 rer 100 lbs; -Rye Flour. J2 ™h o
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, V. Corn Meal $' -3°
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50 : Ho-n'
iny, *3 5MJ3 75; Buckwheat Flour iitot™.
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50- Wr-ofr
"Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) 1*
07 25: in sacks. $3 75^7; Pearl Barley S3-
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, «5 50 per 100 lbs
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran is higher, with light stocks all over th»
State. Hay continues dull, weak and vm
changed. . n "
In August the Government shipped from tht.
BRAN— S13Q-14 per ton.
;lUr>DLIXGS-?iG@i3 pcr ton
• *EEDbTUFF9— Rolled P.arli-v siccti- -«
ton; Oilcake Meal at the min.-J^^'jobbl^
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Dullness was probably
the most notable feature of the wheat trade.
Trade was small in volume and local in char
acter. October opened H#Vic higher at 73V4®
"JHc, because Argentine shipments last week
were only 1G0.C00 bushels and because Liverpool
was higher in face of a decline here yesterday.
The crowd was rather bearish and as a result
of a slight desire on the part of outsiders to
take any more wheat the market sold off. to
73Vic. At the decline reports of an export de
mand frightened shorts and under their cover
ing October rallied to 73*«c and shortly after
ward closed firm HSUc over yesterday at 73Vs@
72HC.
Corn was dull and Innocent of attractiveness.
October closed M,@V«e higher.
Oats were dull and firm. October closed %9
Uc higher at 21»i®21',4c.
Provisions opened higher on a stronger mar
ket at the yards, declined moderately on local
selling of pork, but rallied later and closed
firm on an excellent cash demand. October
pork closed 12'.£c higher, lard 5@7»4c higher
and ribs 7*4c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Ca*h auotatlons were as follows: Flour,
qu>et and unchanged: Xo. 3 spring wheat, 72c;
Xo. 2 red, 74ViiSf75Vic; No. 2 corn. 40c: No. 2
yellow, 40Vic; No. 2 oats, 21«4fl22c; No. 2 white.
24\iQ24v4c: Xo. 3 white. 23U@24%c: Rood feeding
barley. 3SJi40c: fair to choice malting. 46-§49c;
No. 1 flaxsecd, Jl 4S; Xo. 1 Xorthwestern. Jl 48V4
©1 4S: mess pork, per barrel, $10 95@11; lard,
per 100 pounds, $8 67%<g6 72V4; short ribs sides
(loose), V 20(^7 50; dry waited shoulders (boxed),
ti-%0«%c; short clear sides (boxed), J7 70@7 80;
whisky, basts of high wlnee, SI 24V4: supnr, un
changed; clover, contract grade, $9 25(^9 50.
On tho Produce Kxchangre to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery. lSH@21%c; dairy,
14(Jjl8c. Cheese, steady: lOUSUHc. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14Q15c.
Although business was quiet en the mornir.5
session of the Bond Exchange, there were a
number 0* fluctuations. Gas and Electric was
lower at J54'&;3 S7 l i. Makaweli at $43 ar.il
Paauhau at JCO 12'j. Market-street R. R. was
higher at J6S.
In the afternoon Ga3 and Electric was sti'.l
lower at $C3 50. Alaska Packers' sold up to
1121.
There was a very fair business on the Oil
Exchange again, as will be se«n.
The Paauhau Sugar Company -will pay a
dividend of 30c per share on the 12th.
The directors of the Donohoe-Kelly BanWr.s
Company, at a meeting on the 5th filled the
vacancy in the office of cashier, resulting from
the doath cf James A. Thompson, by appoint
ing Edwartl Donohce as cashier and John E.
Fitzpatrlck. as assistant cashier.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Sept. 7—3 p. m.
UNITED STATES UOXDS.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..ll5';i!S'4, U da cp new..l33*»13V-,
4s do res lU'illo'^ 3s dvi coup 109 HO
JlISCELi.A.\£OrS BONDS.
Cal-st Cab Ss.1164 — 'Oak w gnti 5s — T^
C C Water 5s. 107 — i Oceanic j Co.. 107 t)7U
Ed L & P 6s..l2yti — lOm C Ry 6s...U's -
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — |P Jfc Cl Rv 6s. 104 —
Gear>-st R 5s. — 93 'P & O R R 6s. 113 —
H C & S 5Hs. — — !Powell-st R fis 117 —
Do 3* — KB iSac El G.tr.ja '•)'» -
L A Ry 03 — 10S4;S F & SJV 5s.lir- : :X
L A Lt Co 63. — — |S R of Cal 6s.i:;-.':'. -i
Do entd 6s.. — — IS Pof A t?s... - li-'»
L A icntd 5fl...lOO ir-2Vi!s P C 6s (1^05)
UPP.R r.s. — 101 I (Series A).~.IM -
Market-st R»...127mai ' ]>> (jJ^rl-s H)!!! —
Do 1st m ss. 117 liT^i s p c *» naoo.m% —
X O N G R 7s. — — Do (1913 ...li l * —
N R of Cal 6s. in — 3PR Is< pad — —
Do 5s 11SU — S P Br -is l?2»i —
NPCRR 6S.1C1 — S V Water (fl.lUH —
Do 5s 107 — Vo 4-i W —
X Cal Ry «<».. — HUi Do 3J tntr— MH§ —
Oak G L & H-lllU — .Stock:-. Gai «i — l«- l i
Oak Tran 6s. .HTVillS !
WATTR STOCK?.
Contra Costa.. 69 63^ Spring VtW'T- »5H —
Jlarln County. 51Vi —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. - - |PM t> <*£££' «H -
Cent L & P Co - 5 Sac El '^RCo » 40
E-iult G L Co. 3\ * ,S F G A B.^.. 53^4 -
Mutual K! Co. W»4 U Sma * 5U »
O G L £z II... 43-s -_, tltn u4LCoU —
Pac Gas Imp.- 52 BMit -_.„
INSURANCE STCLKi.
Firem^ Fur.d.2r - nrK a
WSJ}*?* 2 LT-.cn T Co....- -
S F RAILROAD STOCKS.
. 1-3 - O S L & H.... — 4">
CalUomi* » ~ rresiaio — 22'-^
Geary-st *£** ''
Market-?: •••£ >WDER STOCKS.
Sc^Co. S^ stocks
c p Co 7 3 i 8 Kl!aue a SP Co 21% 2?
Hana^i B-Oi— Makaweli S Co 42*4 43
Co. 30H 30>-i Onorr.ea S Co. 27H 28'
gowtH ;4 j t e Paauhau d Co. Ul/^ 31
Butcfl - MiqrELL AXEOfS STOCKS.
.1 Pack AMn.J2ttil22*J Pac A F A... i _
ril Fruit 'A.-.-n 99 - - Pac C Bor Co.l50H151H
SScs^^^;'^^^^-
Mornins Session.
1 Al^s'kli! Prickers' Assn 119 59
,-M Centra Costa Water bonds 107 00
••; Giant Fowler Con si 73
meSVoa AngfWs Ry .s 1C<1 00
"-, Makaweli 8 Co 43 00
"1 Market Street Railway (SCO
jrw paiuhan S P Co 30 37^
wpF <;as & LJectrie Co 54 00 'J
|M S F Gas & EW-trtc Co 53 mi
5 S F Gns & V:i=ctric Co. b 5 53 871Z
1CC0 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortg) 10175
Afternoon Session.
Beard— .
ICO Alaska Packers 1 Association Ill 00
Continued on Page Thirteen.
THE STOCK MARKET.
.Vrrc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— To-day's etock aiar
k"t was distinctly In professional hands. Al
th"ugh it was a narrow affair, it showed evi
drnce of soir.e operations of rather larger scr»pe
Than have been sfw-n a'l summer, reflectlr.g in
a" iTobablllty the 1 of acti\'!ty by
fome at the Influential trader* who have been
away for the summer. Efforts by the hull
clique were in evidence, but they met with
or.ly moderate fucc<>?!>. Their methods seems
to be to pars from one Fto<-k to another on ruc
cf?rive days 1 , jweking »™e appearance of con
tinuity Jn the m->v»ment by rpanipulatirg Ftocks
Is which the interests are allied, cr which are
materially affected by pome development of
conditions. To-day Missouri Pacific was the
favorite at an exTrcrr." advance from the low
j.oint of l J . 4 , with decline* on quite a !n-ge
cczle. The Kttejnpt tu mad* to make this
fiefm a logical wquenfp of yesterday's move
rr«»nt in the S rut hern railway Ftocks and St.
Xxyuis Souihwi-ftfm preferred was bought In
*n talk of rloff relations with Missouri Pacific
and ofi benefit from the prer&Utox high price
of cotton. Meantime the Southern Railway
vtooks. ChtcaKakf and Ohio and Southern Pa
cific and oth<r ftr.ks, which had be*>n under
manipulation earlier in the week were held
back bjf profiit-takir:;. The fears of a strike
of anthracite rr.ir.'-rs was .1 depressing factor,
and Heading firs-t preferred. Delaware and Hud
fon and New Jerw-y Central w»re off frcm l<3
I 1 , at times during the £ay. Liquidation In the
coalers was net laige. however. London was
& seller in thiF market, owing to un«>asin«-ss on
account of tn# anthracite situation ar.d to
firmer money rat^s in London. The holiday in
London to-morrxw a]»o Indued pome closing
cut of accounts. Sugar m->v«-d narrowly on a
erv.all volume of d^aline* and closed with a
email net gain. Brooklyn Transit closed with
a pain of two points and Peoples Gas lost t%.
The mone,v movement for the week is lnter
t-Fting as t-Lowir.ir an fxrcf? of shipments over
receipt* ry express for the firfrt time this w>a
*.cn. TIip fharj. df-clines in N.»w York exchange
at Chicago Irom »< discount yesterday to 10c
discount to-day, f-xj iriinc tr-.p source of" the d»
rr..ir.d. thf-!r money having pone out quite free
ly to the f-outh also during the -u*-<?k. Gains
by eub-treaf>ur>° oi<*Tati<>nF. «iue to payments on
Government t*>n«1 redemptions and of dei^jfitf
of toid at Pacific Cout ports, leave a largf
martin of Kain to the batiks, the indication!
being that the incrceFe in rash reserves ha«
reached over a million cjollnrs.
Trading In th« ttttnd market was small, ex
cept for liquidation of Kansas <;ity Southerr
bonds. Total faies. par value. $S<C,f)0O.
I'nited States <>ld 4s advanced \i in the bid
rrlce.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Slcrea Clo>lrs
Sola. Stocks— Bid.
2.t00 Atchifon 2S'^
: .IV Atchison t-rpfd 70\
X.9K JJaltimore & Ohio J2y
1W Canadian 1'ai-ltic f7
100 Canada Southern ,. 431,
2.iTU Chesajwak" &• Ohio jgy
Chicago Or^at Western 20't
*.3!>0 Ciicago Uurllmrt'>n & Qulncj- 125« 5
j;n Chicar.o In<iianar>ol!s &. i^ouls 2!^
Chicago Indianapolis & l>oul>> pr«.fd. BK
Chic-j«o & Eastern Illinois ast,
WtO Chlcagj & Northwestern 162
130 Chicago Rock Island & Paclfle V*G\
C C C & .St I^ouiE 551,
Colorado Southern C
Colorado Bootium 3rt r^ffd 41
Colorado Southern 2<1 prefd 16
300 Delaware & Hudr-on i;0»i
DdMWe J^ucka-.«anna & Westf-rn..l?5
Ix;nver & Rio Grand" 19u
ISO IV-nvrr A- Kio Grande prt-fd r; '
Krie 11
Erf* U1 prrfd 33S
Gr»»at Northern profd 152';
Hocking C«jal 15*
Huckinc Valley 34
2S>3 lliinoix Central U<V
3)0 Iowa Ccntr-»1 \%\
t Iowa Central rr^fd ...'. 44
Lak*- ntio 6c U'estem tm
Lake Krip & W«Btera prefd SJU
l^.ke Shore 209
Z'Ji I^ulsville & Nashville 72
00 Manhattan I n2
430 Mftropolltnn Ptreft Hallway 134
I-fexican Central w ll«i
Minm-aj'Olis & St Ix)u!s.; 545,
>:;i-i-.--< ;•:..¦ & St Louis prefd 93V.
r».,650 Missouri Pacific IZ\
Mobile A Ohio 36
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9^
1.HM Missouri Kansas A Texas prefd Sl'i
»C2 Kew Jers*7 Central 139 li
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW TORK, Sept. 7.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Irregularity has prevailed in the movement
of prices for securities this week. The tone of
the market, however, has been firm,, although
the absence of public participation reduced the
volume of trading to a minimum. Politics are
still uppermost In the minds of the financial
community and although the results of the
State elections In Vermont were considered
favorable, there was a continuance of the in
disposition to enter upon any speculative ven
tures. Investment stocks are in demand at all
concessions and holders of securities still dis
play a marked disposition to sell them, money
being easy, the prospects for a continuance of
comparatively low rates of Interest being con
sidered excellent. The decline in foreign ex
change is a matter of Interest to the street,
the large foreign purchases of cotton and the
pressure of bills against such exports tending
to reduce the level of exchange still further.
It Is noted that the Bank of England Is manip
ulating the London money market and it la
also thought that considerable foreign loans
are likely to be made in New York during the
autumn, some authorities going so far as to
predict that another Issue of British consols
may be brought out In the United States after
the Presidential election Is river. The money
and the stock markets here, however, have
reconciled themselves to the idea that the
United States will have to supply foreign re
quirements for specie and no particular appre
hension is felt on this score. London has on
the whole been a purchaser of securities In
this market, although its transactions were on
a limited scale, and speculative interests on the
other side are Inclined to wait and the market
there Is dull. Railroad earnings are still good
end some surprise was occasioned by the large
increase of J1S0.O0O In the St. Paul's gross earn
ings for the last week of August. This led to
some speculative buying of the granger stocks,
that portion of the share list developing a very
strong tone. The real activity of the week,
however, centered in a few specialties, the
movement of American Sugar being the most
notable. That stock advanced to 122V4 in ad
vance of the Increase of the quarterly dividend
rate on last Tuesday from \% to 1% per cent.
The directors met early In the day and ad
journed until the afternoon, but in the mean
time information as to what was intended
reems to have leaked out and a vigorous buy-
Ing movement set In. the Incident being char
acterized as a new Inhibition of manipulation
on the part of the management. There was
pressure in People's Gas, due to the unfavor
able competition at Chicago. Among the few
notable movements In the railroad list was a
rise In Southern Railway preferred, whith sold
up to C5Vi on reports that an increase in th»
dividend rate was not Improbable, notwith
standing the intimation given in the annual
report that the rate would be kept at 14 per
cent.
XEW YORK, Sept. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts, 17,-
S44 barrels; exports, 473S barrels: sales, 7400
packages. Market slow and featureless apart
irom a steady demand.
WHEAT— Receipts, S«,600 bushels; exports,
56,700 bushels. Spot— Market steady; No. 2 red,
79-%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 76"ic elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. SL'Hc f. o. b. afloat: No.
1 hard Lniluth, S6%c f. o. b. afloat. Options-
Opened steady on light offerings, and after a
brief decline under liberal receipts recovered In
the afternoon on the strength In Northwest
markets, small Argentine shipments and mod
erate covering. Closed firm, He net advance.
Sales Included: No. 2 red March, S2^5?S3c,
closed S3c; May, S2 5-165S2 13-16c, closed S2*;c;
September. 77V 4 g7Sc. closed 77?ic; December,
80 U-16<gS04c closed SO»jc.
HOPS— Quier".
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL-^DuU.
COFFEE-Spot-Rlo. dull; No. 2 Invoice, SHc
nominal; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9?i@14c. Fu
tures — Closed quiet, with prices 15320 points net
higher. November $7 35: December, $7 45@7 55;
January. $7 55: March, J7 65©7 70; April. J" 70;
May. $7 7<X57 80.
SUGAR— Raw. eteady; fair reflnlnir, 4>4e;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 15-16c; molasses sugar, 6c;
refined, firm.
BUTTKTt— Receipts, 3691 rackagea: weak.
Creamery. 17H'521%c; June creamery, 20@2Hic;
factory. 14®16Hc.
EGGS— Recelnts, 4791 packages; firm. "West
ern regular packing, at mark, 10@16c; Western,
loss off, 17Q18c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The. market for evaporated apple« ruled quiet
and a shade easier for fancy grades. Very lit
tle business was done. California dried fruits
were Inactive.
STATE EVAPORATL'D APPLES — Common,
3@5c: prime. 4*i95Hc; choice, 5H®6c; fancy,
61?6>4c.
PHUNES-3H9THC
APRICOTS- Royal. ll(?Hc: Moorrark. 13-?16o.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14®16c; unpeeled, 6<g"9c.
Charters. J
The A. J. r*ul>r load* ccal from Tacoma ta
Kahulul; the Anjcu, whrat to Europe, 40s,
prior to arrival; the Diriga, merchandise to
Liverpool direct: the W. F. WItsemann. mer- j
chandine to Par.ta noi=alia: the Wlnslow. Sum- 1
ber frcm this poit to Sa'.ina* Cruz.
Large Shipment of Canned Goods.
The British rhln Finca! cleared yesterday for j
Iy?r.doa t\ :th carya valued at |3TT.C?J, includ- i
lr.fr the following:
81.24S cs car.ned fruit. 17.500 c» canned talmon. j
:N5 cs c«nn»d asparapus. 14,247 ctl» chevalier |
barley. 40,^76 pa'.s :i cs wine, 17.2CK) lbs zinc 1
skimming?. 36 cs bonscbold rovxls, 14 c.« i^r
eonal effexrtF, PS cs booty* •'¦ cs sea shell*. 17,0uu
It !uir!«r dunnage.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported the .
T^:::?. which sailed Thursday for Hamburg ;
Bud wa.v ports, carried the following:
For Salaverry. Peru, I'.'s.iOl ft lumber, value ;
|*IM.
Ki-r Havre, C1.667 ft lumber, value $424.
Weather Report.
Grth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 7—3 p. m.
"The foUowtoc maalmurn tenit>eratures were j
reported frcm statiuEs in California to-day:
Mount Taroa'.pai? 6>jFre«no SZ I
Kurcka US Sacramento l>0 I
Imlej^ndence 8" Sari Luis Obi^po 72 ,
rte<3 JBluff 7 V .->an lWego 6»
1/ts Angles 7*;
.*ar. Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
CS; rri'.rAmnm. :,6: r;.-?.n. to).
VTATHEK ( OMITIO.VS AND GENERAL 1
POBBCA£T.
Tr.e pressure ha> :f-rr.ainrd yearly stationary .
ever th< country ircst <>f tb* Kooky Mountain?.
An tns of 1 w pressure pverllea the valley of ¦
tho Colureiio. 7h<- weather is generally fair
over th> KMXtbuu half at the Pacific slope.
Tl.e t^mi-'rature lias r^inain^d nearly staticn-
RT-y ov,-r California. In the ET^at valleys the
tcrr.i^rature is ft:!1 about 10 degrees below the ;
normal.
itr.in hap fallen in Oregon and a thunderstorm !
Is r-r>orte<l at Walla Walls.
Frn>caft ra»Je at San Fra.nc!sco for 20 hours ;
cr.fi-.rc rr.idnipr.T tiepten".!>er b, 1900:
N'ortberfl t.'aliforr.ia— Fair Saturday; fresh |
¦w«-ft#»r!y winds, with fcjr on the coa^t.
S uthTTi CmiltoraiM — Fair Saturday; fresh
vrencrir wir.rts.
Nf-vafla — Fair Saturday.
Ctsb— Cooler and rioudy Saturday, with rain
BOrthem rart.
Arizona— Cii.-.'dy Kfiturday.
S^n KrsndMo an-: vicinity — Fair Saturday;
fr«-h westerly v.iri-Js. with foe in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
_ -?
I 410 New York Central ISO*
300 Norfolk & AVestern 34"S, |
100 Norfolk & 'Western prefd 75**
1.620 Northern Pacific Bl'i J
200 Northern Pacific vretd 74><i j
2G3 untariD & Western 21'i
Oregon Hallway & Navigation 42
Orcsron Hallway & Navigation pM. "R
6C5 Pennsylvania 12SH
200 Iieadinjj J6'i j
7,160 Reading 1st prefd 5'. 7 * i
1.030 P.eadin* 2U rivfd £6S*
Rio Grand- Western 64
Itto Orar.de Wost-rn prefd V*
St Louis <fc Pan Francisco 10 I
.St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 67 !
100 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd. 33*i |
2^ St Ixiuis Southwestern 12 s * !
4.230 St Louis Southwestern prefd 30V» j
3.T30 St 3'aui 114 j
St Paul prefd 1T3
St Paul & Omaha 112 >
4.175 Southern Pacinc S4 I
3.l.".4 Southern Railway 12 !
6.4C Southern Hallway prefd 54S |
1.6."» T^xas & PftdfiO MV»1
6.100 Union Pad tic •..57%!
Tfj VnU-n Hfeclfle prefd 74^ j
Wnbash " '
3U0 Wai. ash prefd 18% j
Wh^iing * Lake Erie S s * J
Wheeling & hake Erie 21 prefJ.... 23^ I
Wisconsin Central 13
Third Avenue 110
K3?jiress companies —
Adams 124 i
American 152 ¦
United States 45 I
Wells- Fargo 124 1
Miscellaneous—
An.Tican Cotton Oil 33Vi
American Cotton Oil prefd 88 J
American Mature 4S !
American Malting pr^fd 24 '
i'j') American Smelting & Refin 364 •
American Smelting & Reflri prefd... S9 I
... ..'. American Spirits 1'i j
Air.eri.an Spirits prefd T7
i"X> American Steel Hoop 1S% I
100 American Steei Hoop prefd €74 j
4,000 Anglican Steel & Wire S6\ >
130 American & Wire prt?fd 74* 4 |
770 American Tin Plate 28
440 American Tin Plate orefd 80 I
320 American Tobacco 83Vi i
American Tobacco rrefd 12$ " '
300 Anaconda Mining Co 44V !
<S.7C0 Brooklyn Ra:.i,i Transit i:>\ !
ISO Colorado Kuei & Iron 3.">>., :
Continental Tobacco 26 j
Continental Tobacco prefd 78 i
710 Federal £teel 344; j
Federal Steel prefd v 67 i
1.3M General ElectHc nv~ |
520 Glucce? Sugar 5l>^
Oluccfe Sugar prefd 9S
International Paper 21*i
Internationa! Paper rrcfd 66'i
LacWe Qsi 73 j
2.430 National Biscuit 33-"-% I
1.290 National Biscuit prefd S4 j
National Lead 11\ I
Nctlonal I^ead prefd S9V- !
National Steel 26'^
EOft National Steel nrefd (>F,i» ;
200 New York Air Brake 121 j
North American 15
Pacinc Ccast J.)^ j
Pacific Coast l!«t pr«»fd 8J I
Pacific CoG«t M prefd Ci\ I
Pacific Mail 31 {
1,009 People's Oas 9,)^ '
S20 Press-ed Steel Car 3S»*
330 I'rfFsed Steel Car prefd 73 s 4
Pullman Palace Car ltfi
f'ttindard Rope &. Twine 5
6.C20 Kupar ]20»;
Sugar prefd !.114V
2.2'V> Tennessee Coal & Iron 70%
423 United States Leather U
United States Leather prefd 70
4.45") United States Rubber '. 25%
United States Rubber preM 9<1 I
'U>Ft<>rn Union , 79^4 |
230 P.enublic Iron & gteel Co 12Vi I
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 54
P C C & St Louis 54
1S6.4M Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s, trhen Is- < so 4s 9*
fued. reg VOWK Y Cent lsts ....10S«4
do coup 10SVX J Cent ten Ea...l23
do 3s res 1^ No Pec 3s 63H
<io coup in? I do 4e l«H>4
<3o new 4a reg 133»4 N Y C & St L. 4»...ir6
<3o coup m*« Norf & W con 4s. 97%
do oil is reg.... UViCtr Xav lsts 109 !
«o coup USV 4 ' do As 102H i
do Is res 112V Or S Line 6s 126H I
do c?up 112V do con 5s 1131-. j
I His of Col 3. 63s 122 Reading gen 4s ... S7H 1
I Atchlson Ken 4s...l01H'R G \V lets 93 '
I do '«U *s 85V; Pt L & I M con 5s.ll2'i I
*^n So Ida If* EtL&SF gen f,s.l21', i
! Ches & O Vir SS^iPt Paul cons 16S*i
*? -s USfeJSt PC & Pae lsts.118 !
C & NTT con 7b 140 ; do 5s nsVi '
do S F deb 5s. ...119 ,Po Pac 4s 7gw \
Chi Term 4s 92 go Ry 5s 10S^
Polo So 4s 81% S Rope & T 6s 67
D & R G lsts 102VTex f= Pac lsts ..112
do 4s M4i do 2ds B5 !
Erie sen 4s 63* Union P?.c 4s 105^ i
Ft W & D C l«s.. 72 AVabanh lsts '..117
Gen F.lec :s 121 do 2ds 102 !
Iowa Cent lsts 114 West Shore 4s .. li2U I
L & Na.«h itnl 4s... 99*. Wls Cent l»ts S7»i
M K & T 2ds 67^ Va cent S9T, I
MINING STOCKS. i
fhor.ar lS;Ontarlo 550!
Crown Point m Oj-.hlr 43 !
Ton Cal *• Va 1 2" Plymouth 10 i
I>eadwood 4". 'Quicksilver 1 50 i
Oou Id & Curry 321 Do prefd 6 ~,0 '
Hale & Korcroaa.. 22 Sierra Nevada « 28!
Homestake 50 %,RtaniJard 3 SO i
I rrn Silver 5C ; UnienCon 15
Mexican 23IYellow Jacket 17
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. :
Money— jtTnlon Pacific 59?; I
Call loans 2G3J\Vest End 93V4 !
Time loans 35i4V4i Bonds— " ,
Stocks — lAtchison 4s 99V4 I
Atch Tod & S F.. 2S»il Mining Shares-
Do rrefd ~<>\' Adventure 4
j Am Susar, ex div..l20V«;Allfm»z Mng Co... Hi
Do lirefd llSVAmal Copper 8S'4
! B»U Tele H2% I Atlantic 23V4 I
BoFton E!evat»d...l48 jBont^n A- Mont 321
Boston & Maln«...lKS iButte & Boston ... 62
I Oil Bur & Q 125 !Calum»t & Hecla.
I Dominion Coal 41V ex dlv 733
Do prefd 1101, Centennial 16'?i
Federal Steel •¦*' 1 k, Franklin 14'*
Do prefd 66VHumboldt 2 5 "
FltehburR prefd.. .138 iOceola 69
j General Eire l^iParrot 42H
Ed E'.ec 111 20S jQulncy 144
Mexican Cent 1 Hi Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Mi<-h Tele S3 1 Tamarack 221
N E Gas & Coke.. 13«,4 ! Utah Mining 31
Old Colony .203 iWlnor.a 3
Old Dominion .,.. IS .Wolverines «
Rubber 29^
London Market.
NEW TOHK. Ser>t. 7.— Th» Commercial Ad
vertiser'B London financial cablegram says: The
markets her*, were Idle and featureless to-day.
Americans opened weak and New York selling
further reduced prices. Paris bought Tlntos.
Government disbursements unexpectedly kept
money easy, despite heavy requirements from
war-loan Installment.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Sept. 7.— Atchluon. 2SH: Canadian
Pacific. S2V»; Union Pacific preferred. 76; North
ern Pacific preferred. 72%; Grand Trunk, 6»4;
Anaconda, 9 l 4. Bar ullver. Meady, 28 ll-16d p«r
ounce. Money. 2^63 per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sent. 7.— Money on call, steady
I at 1 : »HJ'6 per cent; last loan Hi. Prime m«r
1 cant lie i>aper, IQGli per cent. Sterling ex
j change, ensy. with artucl buflnefs at $4 S" for
! denan 1 .we $» S3"S, for slrty days; posted rates.
»4 '< and |4 B; commercial bill*. $4 R2HB4 g3H
I Silver certificates. t2^<8tt>*,e. Bar silver 624,c
I Mexican dollars. 4S»4c Government bonds
1 ptrmg; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds
j lrrc euUr. . ... . -. ,, A ',
: Condition of the Treasury.
i WASHINGTON. Sept. 7.— To-day's statement
I of the Treasurj- balances In the general fund
i exclusive of the IliO.OOO.OOO sold reserra la tha
Family Retail Market.
•3T — — j;.
The demand fcr the Native Sens' celebration
has advanced the price of Ergs, but Butter re
mains the same.
There Is no charge In Poultry worthy of sote,
though prices are somewhat higher at whole
sale. Quail and Grouse are now in season,
but are dear. IXcmti stand the sam».
There is nothing new in fruits an vf^getabl"!".
There never is at this time of the year. The
markpt la well supplied with both, though fr in
nuw on the summer sorts will begin to dis
appear.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ <?m 0O Southfield
Wellington .. ©11 CO Wellington 1711 CO
Seattle 9 00{£ Coos Bay & 7 30
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Putter, per sqr.. . 4O'J?;ni Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll 40A4S dozen 30^3"
Cheese. Cal 12'W : - Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. ..W'iZO pound 1ZQ1!)
Cheese. Swiss 8V835 Do. extract 3d... J
fommon Eggs — 2OU23ci
Meats, per lb —
Bacon iSOtl Pork, salt 12315
Beef, choice 13-ff:3 Pork Chops to-SH
Do. good 1W.2I Round Steak lOftlJ
Corned Beef -^010 i-'irloln Steak 133—
Ham. Eastern IZIi 17! Porterhouse do...20 / a2-%
Lard — til'* Pmrk»d Beef — (B1.1
Mutton 10'S12'Pork Sausa§re3..12'-i / ii2'>
Spring Lamb l'-ft l.> Veal — ®13
Pork, fresh 15'a:'j,
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each ZM1CZ' G»ps««. each...fl 5031 7%
Young Roosters. j Pigeons, pair. iP^aO
each r.0'37."; Rahbits. pair 40ir."u
O!d Rooster?, ea.— 'a 30; Hare, each — Ti'in
Fryers, each MO4S Tvives. per do2...90c9*l
Broilers, each ?.<-fH\ Crousp. palr..tl 25S1 SO
Turkeys, per lb . . .IXaZ) Page Hens, pair 73c
Ducks, each 50^60'
Fruits and Nut3—
Almonda, per lb..^^— 'Oranges, <Jo* — «ff—
Applea O SLImes. per <i r-.js . . . 1 .-. 1 r —
Bananas, dozen.. .l'.RJ) lemons, doz 153 —
Blackberries. dr.^Sfj^ Plums, per lt> 45* 5
Crabapp'.es. per Ib *->i 5 : Quinces, per Ib... 43 5
rantalcuprs. ea. ..10920 jRatstns, per lb.... «air.
Figs, per lb •'''£ S 1 Raspberries), dr... 335 M
Grapes, p«»r lb 4*J 6 Peaches, per lb... 4<J 6
Watermelons. fa..lD'3.X r . ?trawborries, per
Nutmes Melons. i drawer 2C930
each 3vJ 7 . Walnuts, per Ib..l3@—
Vegetables —
Artichokes. doz...3C i a"n|Oslors«, per lb.... S3S
Beets, doz 12«!j'Okra. green pr lb.lC8!2
Beans. whUe. H>.. aft 6 Peppers, green, lb 5310
Colored, per lb. *'st 3 Potatoes, per lb.. 3i3 5
Lima, per lb — <8 S. Sweet Potatoes... 43 5
Cabbaste, each.... FSV* Parsnips, per doa.l3t?—
Cauliflowers, each 5^10 Radishes. Az bchslO<ai3
Celery, bunch 59 — Page, dnz bnchs. .23<fr35
Cress, doz bnchs. 20323 .' ?trin« Beans, lb.. fa S
Cucumbers, pr dz. l<>?r — Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, lb s^l* 1 per lb 4ft 1
Green Corn. dcz..lO«30: Thyme, per lb 2Pfi"3.i
Green Peas, lb 4'3 5 Turnips, per doa.lO«l"
Lettuce, per doz.13® — I Tomatoes, per lb. 4® 5
Barracuda 12-3 — 'Shad 10f? —
Carp SSlO'Sea Bas» — ®:o
Codfish 12ft—: Smelts 12ff—
Flounders 8W10I Soles 1V.I—
Halibut 10S— ISkates. each %U\2
Kinirfl?h SI'S — 'Tomcod — <8V>
Mackerel 15<8— [Clams, gallon 50fr—
Do. Hcrse 12«@— » Do hardshell, lb J3-
Perch 10.fi 12 ; Crabs, each Vimi—
Pompino 90«— j Do softshall. dz.40<w—
T?o/-kn»h — r a 10 Mussels, quart ZftU
Salmon, fresh 10'S2i'> ( Oysters. Cal. 100..40<a."r
Do, smoked — •glo 1 Do Eastern, dcz2j^-JC
Shrimps 8210-
NEW TORK, Sept. 7.— Tht following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the U»nk clear
ii.gs nl the principal cities for the week ended
September 7, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year;
_,., Percentage,
Cities— Amount. Ino. Dec.
New York $637,765,426 .... 24.0
1'Oston 79.992.S6J .... 16.8
Chicago 115.642.SS1 .... 1.5
Philadelphia 66.135.16S 15.4
St. Louis 27.215.45S .... 4.3
Pittsburg 23.773,165 6.9
Baltimore 16,457,322 11.8
San Francisco 17.SS0 143 6 S ....
Cincinnati 12.320.500 5.2 ....
Ki.iifhs City 15.524.40:t 22.3 ....
New Orleans 7,129,736 30.8 ....
Minneapolis 10,306 794 19.0 ....
Detroit 6.S1S.671
Cleveland 10.2S7.250 16.5
Louisville 7,700,674 ....
Providence 4.112,100 .... 12.1
Milwaukee 4,721,S37 .... 1.2
St. Paul 3.S37.575 .... 6.3
Buffalo 4.718.651 9.5
Omjkba 5.4C6.«21 4.S
I Indianapolis 4.757.246 .... ....
j Columbus, 0 3,667,300 .... 4.6
Savannah 4,113,&?2 .... 66.4
1 I^nver 3,918,6(4 16.9
Hartford C.6C5.1&5 21.3
Richmond 2 .124 741 E5.0
Memphis 1.101.533 J5.2
-Uufhington 1.636,611 .... 11.2
J! eo »: !R 2.060.SSS IS. 6
Rochester 1,679,512 .... 2.1
New Haven 1,635. OS 1 37. 7
Worcester 908,036 .... 8.9
Atlanta ..' ]. 351. 129 6.0
Salt Lake City 1.603,017 .... 35.41
Springfield, Mass... «2O,550 .... 19.8
Fort Worth 1.543,091 ....
Portland. Me 1.OS3.966 20.1
Portland. Or 1.881.417 18.6 ....
Pt. Joseph 3.461,436. 11.2 ....
Los Angeleg 2.CS1.344 33.7
Norfolk „ 1,031.705
Syracuse 885.471 1.2
I>es Molnes 1.456.450 15.0
Nashville 360,910 .... 17.4
Wilmington, Del... 661,019 .... 14 8
Fall River 496,219 .... 14. 0
Scranton &70.3S9 .... 12.5
Grand ilaplds &:<8,450 29.4
Augusta. Ga 1.161.S4O « 29.7
I^cwell 35S.S46 25.2
Dayton. O ?51,724 2.8 • ....
Settle 2.334,424 22.7
Tacoma 866,953 20.7
Spokane 972.C3S 33.0
Sioux City 943,752 19.5
New Bedford..- 2SS.7O3 6.5 ....
Knoxvllle, Tenn 494. 14"?' .... 12.6
Topeka SO4.477 40.5
Birmingham 6."»2,633 13.5
Wichita 41S.43S 2.2 "
Klnghamton 3i>5.500 .... 20.9
I-exlngton, Ky 373,440 5.3 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 172,773 8.5
Kalamazoo 3C4,6S()
Akron 877,SKiO 11.2
Chattanooga 294,189 6.6
Rockford, 111 1S7.7S6 19.0
Canton, 0 237,000 .... 7 7
Springfield. 0 245,273 1.2
Fargo, N. D 232.S23 .... 24.1
SIcux Falls. S. D... 132.422 .... 7.6
Halting*. Neb 1S7.374 23.6
Fremont. Neb 152.8S4 15.1 ....
Davenport I.C37.244 8.5 ....
Tnlfdo S.OS 1 *,^ S7.7
Galveston 6. .".97,000 9.7
Houston '6.713.246 34.5
Helena S47.P24 3.1
Little Rock 334.415 10.9
YoungFtown 324.107 23.6 ....
Springfield, 111 442.M4 10.5
Evar.sville, Ind 703,006 1'4. S
Totals, t*. S $1,145,371,998 16.4
Totals outside New
York EO7.6CS.E62 .... 4.5
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $11,340,194 20.S
Toronto 7.250.W3 ¦ 4.3
Winnipeg 1.671.230 8.0
Halifax l,390,4G3 7.5
Hamilton 703.701 .... 6.7
St. .John. N. B 673.430
j Vancouver, B. C - P<4.633 6.9
Victoria, B. C 3S0.6S6 17.2
Totals 124.356,302 .... 1.4
NEW YORK, Sept. 7. -Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, 70c@
$2 OB single crates. Seven cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts. aver
age $1 90 box; Newells, average $1 60 box.
Peaches— Elbertes. average 50c box. Prunes—
Hungarians, average 70c single crate; Germans.
lo<57'ic; Silver, 30®70c. Seven cars fruit sold
to-day.
77te Cotton CMathet.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— To-day marked the
turning point In the great bull movement In
cotton on the New Orleans. New York and Liv
erpool Cotton Exchanges. With a crash, amid
tremendous excitement, prices fell 23 to 32
points on the opening, while the close was
weak at a net less of 19@25 points. Between
the opening and the final phases the market
scored some violent fluctuations, at one time
advancing within a point or so of yesterday's
closlnr. The loss of the first call wiped out
fully one-third of the rise accumulated during
the. fore part of the week and resulted from a
bull panic at Liverpool. The public was not a
loser on the collapse of the English and Amer
ican markets, having sold out pretty thorough
ly during the great rise of yesterday. Man
cheater solnners voted at a meeting to-day to
closo down their mills, being unable to manu
facture cotton goods at the present abnormal
prices demanded for American cotton. More
over, there was not sufficient staDle in Eng
land to keep them going for ten consecutive
days. Some traders are talking 10 cents for
January delivery, but conservative parties be
lieve the turning point has been reached. To
day's business on the local Cotton Exchange
was estimated at 1.000.000 bales.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— COTTON— Futures
opened weak and Irregular, with prices down
2Gg~32 points, under one of the heaviest selling
movements which has ever been witnessed in
the cotton pit. Orders to unload came from
Europe, the South, the West, Wall street and
the speculative public in general, and it was
not until prices were down 14 points that buy
ers could be Induced to take hold. Trading was
very active, except for a brief period around
midday. The market once more shifted in the
last few minutes and broke under heavy gen
eral selling. The ciose was weak, with prices
net K"g26 points lower.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 7.— CATTLE— Reeelpt3, 1300;
steady to strong; butchers' stock, steady, except
medium cows. Good to prime native steers.
$3 6'.'@C; pcor "to medium, $4 65t?3 CO; selected
feeders, $4^4 75; mixed stocks, $3113 90; cows,
J2 75<f?4 50: heifers, iZ'UA; canners'. j5%2 73;
bulis, J2 5nfr4 60; calves, $3ft7 50; Texas fed
steers, $4 2<>g3: grassers, $3 2.V34 20; bulls, $2 50
©3 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 1S.000; to-morrow.
21.000, estimated; left ovtr, 2sX>0; active, strong
to shade higher; top. $5 f.3. Mixed and butch
ers', $3 fio^J 50; gcod to choice heavy, $3 iO<ff
5 45; rough heavy. $4 S5®5 03; light, $5 Ifo* 55;
tulk of pales. ?5 15575 40.
FHEEP— Receipts. 6m«>; sheei> and larr;bs ac
tive, stror.g, e:\cept for inferior. Good to choice
wetliers. $3 50Q3 85; fair to choice mixed, $? 35
<§Z 6 1 ); Western shepp, $3 SO'SS 80; Texas sheep.
$2 60-53 25; native lambs. $4 25t?5 75; Western
lambs, $4 7*&5 C5.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 7.— Clearings, $466,
06S: balances, J36.870.
Portland's Business.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sent. 7.— Wheat— The bulk 01
the wheat needed for nearby tonnage has been
secured and exporters have reduced their limits
to 56c for Walla Walla and 59c for Bluestem.
There is a good milling demand for Valley at
59 1 ?/ 60c.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Sept. 7.— Wheat-Market steady
and unchanged. Bluestem. ISc; Club, 53c, both
for exiort.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept. 7.— Consols. 9S 13-1S: silver.
28 ll-16d: French rentes. lOlf 2214c; wheat car
gees on passage, nominally unchanged; No. 1
standard California, 31s 6d; Walla Walla, 30s;
Orecr.n. partially M cheaper.
LIVERPOL. Sept. 7.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
sttndard California. 6s 4Hd'g6s 5d; wheat In
Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet: French coun
try markets, dull.
COTTON— Upland?, 6Ud.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot.' dull: No. 2 red Western win
ter. 5s lU4d; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 3d: No.
1 California. 6s 4HdW6s 5d. Futures, quiet;
September. 5? HUd; December. 6s l^d.
CORN— American mixed new, 4« 2d; do old,
4s 2V^d; spot, firm. Futures, quiet; October,
4s l%d; November, 4s ITid; December, 4s l»»d.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull and a fraction lozver.
All other cereals as before.
Bran advanced agaiiu \ 7 o change in Hay.
Beans and Seeds continue inactive.
Pcriawes, Onions and Vegetables in large supply.
Butter and Eggs doing better again. Cheese unchanged.
Poultry in free receipt and rather easier. Game steady.
Melons higher and in demand. Grapes plentiful and slozv.
Active demand for Raisins in Xczv York.
Dried Fruit steady and unchanged. Honey scarce and firm.
Provisions siand as previously quoted.
Jlogs in free supply, with reduced bids from packers.
California Fruit Sales.
division of redemption* shows: Available cash
balance, 1134,373.265; gold, t^SOi,^*
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— R. G. Dun & Oo.'s
Weekly Review of Trade this week will say:
The volume of business does not materially
enlarge at the East and there is only moderate
improvement at the West and South, but if
expectations of greater activity when politics
ceaje to disturb are realized current operations
will be found to have laid a substantial foun
dation. The most important event of the week
In the industrial -world was the agreement on
the tinplate.wajje scale with the Amalgamated
Association, grunting about S per cent advance
to 35,000 hands, long idle. Other metal work
ers' dispute* are nearlng settlement, while the
Borden purchase of 500.000 pieces of print cloths
at 2 7 4c clears up the Fall River market and is
believed to preclude serious wage differences
there. The final decision of the dissatisfied an
thracite miners as to a strike will be reached
to-day. If a strike is decided upon, it is likely
to Involve only a portion of the anthracite in
terests end the producers are well prepared, as
production in August was 619,000 tons over last
year and coal has been moving to market for
two weeks very heavily.
Prices of grain are little altered, good crop
reports coming in freely, but the effect is be
ing neutralized by a foreign estimate of a
world's crop below requirements. Wheat stocks
carried over were ample to meet the discrep
ancy and traders do not seem able to advance
prices more than 00 over last year's price for
wheat and Go for corn. This difference is ap
parently satisfactory to growers, as 7,430,372
bushels wheat were reoeived at Interior cities
in th« first 1 week of September, against 5.945,697
bushels last year. Exports from Atlantic ports
amounted to only 1,902.540 bushels wheat, flour
included, against 2,900.960 bushels a year ago.
The Atlantic shipments of corn made a better
comparison than in recent weeks, 2,923,079 bush
els, uffnlnct 3.061.5C9 lost year. Cotton Is strong
in the face of a larger yield than expected.
Business In Iron and steel products steadily
Increases and mills are more actively employed.
October 1 is mentioned as the probable date of
a eeneral resumption. It is significant that
shipyards on the lakes and the Pacific Coast
are full of orders for eicht months or more.
As to plgiron, the outlook is no better. In
spite of a decrease In production to 231, 77S tons
weekly, according to the Iron Age, furnace
stocks have increased to 594,218 tons, a gain of
E9.877 during August, but the Increase in de
mand was not noteworthy until August 15.
Railroads have refused to make reduction in
freight rates which, It was hoped, would In
crease exports. Bessemer pig and gray forge
further declined $1 per ton at Pittsburg, al
though no change Is reported at other points.
Copper continues firm, with electrolitlc higher
at 16%c bid, and tin advanced moderately.
Last week's shipments of boots and shoes
from Boston were only 70.745 cases, against
71,277 In the previous week and for the year
thus far the decrease, compared with 1S99, has
amounted to 264.315 cases.
Sales of wool at the three chief markets de
clined to 2.S33.CO0 pounds, against 4,234,700
pounds In the previous week and 9.225,200 last
year. The dullness was not accompanied by
any pronounced weakness, although Coates
Bros.' circular for September 1 made the aver
age price 20*»c for all grades, against 20&c a
month earlier.
New York Grain and Produce.
In the woolen goods market there Is a rather
deceptive appearance of greater activity. The
bulk of business Is in new lines recently put
out as substitutes for standard goods and a
lower price.
Failures for the week were 145 in the United
States, against 132 last year, and 4 in Canada,
against 10 last year. •
Dun's Review of Trade.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
iron markets of the country show easiness and
are tendins downward. Philadelphia reports
a lower market. Light steel rails were quoted
at f25. which was $10 below the combination
rrlce for heavy rails. - j
PIG IRON— Warrants were quoted at V SOQ
10 37V4.
COPPER— In London advanced Es, but failed
to strengthen the local market, which closed
quiet and unchanged at $16 75.
LEAD— Ruled dull at $4 37^. The brokers'
price for lend was $4 and for copper $16 75.
SPELTER— Ruled dull at ?4 07^4 12i£.
TIN— There was a slight decline noted for tin,
with the undertone rather easy in sympathy
with a decline of 12s Cd abroad, closing here
at *30 20030 60.
TIN PL ATES— Ruled quiet. The mills have
ejened and commenced to make black plates,
as no arraneements with the tinners have
been made.
3,373.100 bushels, against 8,248,373 last week;
4,353.906 in the corresponding week of 1899;
3.200.206 in 1838; 5,461,5©« In 1897^ and 3,799,141
in 1898.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 3O.317.SS1, against 87,478,243 last season
and 82,793,809 In 189^-99,
*1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
»8 « per 2000 lbs. and JS SO per ton. according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sujrar Reflninjr Com
pany quctes. per lb. in ico-lb bass: Cubes.
A Crushed and Fine Cn;sh»d. 6.80c: Powdered.
6.40c: Candy Granulated. 6. 40c: Dry Granulated.
6.30c; Confectioners' A. 6.3Cc; Magnolia A. 5.90c:
Extra C. 5.80c; Golden c 5.70c: barrels. 10c
more; hair-barrels. I5c mor»: boxes. 60c mw»;
50-lb hairs. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrvls or its equivalent. Dominoes,
half- barrels. 7.Cc; boxes, 7.30c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The packers harm reduced their bids for Hors
*ie for next week's delivery. Receipts are too
large, as shipments are arrivir.tr from all quar
ters. Oregon Is sen.llr.jr In considerable halt-fed.
poor stock, which hurts the market for good
Other meats show no chance.
I5EEF— Jfj6c per ]b for fair to ehoic*.
\ F.AL— Lartre. 7fi.Sc: small. S^iiDMiC per li>.
JILTTOX- Wethers. 7'ifiSc; ewes. 737-jC per
pound. "
L'Ap^"?? 1 " 1 "^ S:^ Dc r Ib "
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small. 5 I i'J"ie for
medium and S'-fiGisc for lante: stock II ¦-• 1
and feeders. SH'&iHc; dressed Hogs. SSS^c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 7.
fff'' «» ' Beans Bks -JO
lieath'r. roll3 ,=>7 r.ran ska 7>
Quicksilver, flsks ISO Potatoes, sks!!"! 5 S3S
i-Sgs. dcz S.f'lO 1
OREGON.
Flcur. qr ska :,:xt Wheat ct!s n
Oats . ctls 2J? Meal, "ska 400
$27 50S2S: Cocoanut Cake. $20®n: Corn Meal.
J26 00: Cracked Corn, ?27: Mixed Feed, *13 5O®14.
HAY — Volunteer. $4 C0©7; Wheat, IVMJ12;
Wheat and Oat. *> 50<gll 10; Oat. »3<ffl0; Clover,
S4@6; Alfalfa, $607.50; Barley. J6 MQ$ 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 30<S37Hc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There are co further changes in Beans and
Seeds, the markets being inactive and largely
nominal.
BEANS— Bayos. J2 4^2 50: Small White, $4;
Larse White. $2 60; Pink. 12 2532 60; Red. W 25;
Ulackeye $3 25; Lima. J5 15©5 25; Pea, none
here; Red Kidneys, $3 25"?3 !0.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Murtard. <o; Flax. 12B2 20; Canary. 3',4c per
lb fcr California and 4c for Kastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Kape. 2Ht»3c; Hemp, 4@4'^c; Tim-
Cthv, 4C4VJC.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. nominal; Green. J2 2a^
2 £0 per ctl; Blackeye, J2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The increased population of the city due to
the celebration has not thus far produced any
Improvement in this market and values are
weak, with plenty of stuff of all kinds on
hand.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c: Early Rose.
25® 30c- Burbonks, 3O<360c for Rivers and
75cU$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, |1@1 Zo for
Rivers end 11 65 for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, :0S63c per ctl; Pickle
Oninns. f:0Q7;c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 73c<8$l per
sack, 75c<5}Jl per crate for Berkeley and $1®
1 bO for Alameda; Green Peas, l'i'jjc per lb;
String Beans, 132^0; Limas. 2S3Uc per lb;Cab
bage, 40<g50c; Tomatoes, Rivers, laQSSe; liay. 20
1035c; Egg Plant. 4<D'360c per box; Green Okra.
35S50c; Green Peppers, 2Ti$f-50c per box for Chili
and 40® 60c for Bell; Dried IVjjper?, l0@13c;
Carrots, 23@35c per sack: Summer Squash. 2Vr(
33c for Alarceda; Cucumbers, C3S30c for Ala
meda: Pickles. $lSil 25 per ctl for No. 1 and
G0@75c for No. 2: Garlic. 3c per lb: Marrowfat
Squash, JStTlS; Pumpkins, J20 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The demand for Poultry was less active yes
terday, and there was some left on hand at
the close. RecelDts wore free. Prices showed
little change. There was not much variation
In Gaire. Half-Krown Quail sell at the lower
Quotation. .
POULTRT-Live Turkeys. 9<gl2c for Gob
blers and 10@12c for Hens: young Turkeys, 1*0
17c; G^ese. per pair, $1 25^?1 30; Goslings, $1 50®
1 75; Ducks, $3<g i GO for old and Si 5»)tJ* 50 for
young; Hens, tViiZ 50; Young Roosters, ti'S''',
Old Roosters. $3 50(&4 50; Fryer?, $3 30; Broil
ers, J1QJ50 for large and f2&> 90 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and $1 50
ifil 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, 65®S3c per dozen: Cottontail
Rabbits. $1 ."0; Brush Rabbits. 75c$?$l: Hare.
$1 2S@1 30; Grouse. J6 5057; Sage Hens, J2®2 30;
Mountain Quail, |2@3 30 rer dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Butter and Epgs are feeling the effects of
the celebration, and both are somewhat higher
again, with Rreatly reduced stocks. Eggs are
especially firm, and buyers have to pay about
what sellers are disposed to ask. There is no
change in Cheese.
HUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23'4^21c: extra
marks hisrher: seconds, 22H'S23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22»fec; good to choice, 20<g22c;
common, latfttc.
Creamery tub— 20S22Hc per lb.
Pickled roll— 19'g2Uc.
Firkin— 1S-5 19c.
CHEESE— New, Jc; fancy. 10c: old SSS'-ic;
YpunK America. 10'alHUc; Eastern, H^QUc:
Western. 10^7 12e jer lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17U' ! J22 1 4c for store and 27'i
'53Cc per tloz^n for ranch: Eastern, 165rCOc sp<jt
and 21!-.c for fancy to arrive..
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Melons are leadlnz all other fruits in firm
ness at the moment, ami are higher all around,
with an active demand. The few Bartlett Pears
Ic-ft arc also sHllnc higher. Prunes are like
wise quoted a shade better. Grapes still drag,
supplies beins very large.
Fresh Mexican Limes fall due to-morrow.
Figs are a drug. Quinces are slow of sale,
San Francisco buyers are said to be bidding
up to J25 per ton for ZInfar.del Grapes in the
country.
DEC113T_-OrS FRtTITS—
APPLES — 25'gCOc per box for common and
£Ocif?$l for eood to choice.
PEARS-Bartlett, "oc^n 25 per box; other
varieties. ZttiOc per box.
QTTINCES-^33®TOc per box.
STKAWBEBRIES-Kfo oer chest for large
and fj<Q~ for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3<55 per chest.
RASPP.ERRIES-«t<?« per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 1VB2HC per lb.
FIGS — 15"525c for sinsle and 25<g50c for doubts
layer boxes.
POMEGRANATES— SOCffJl per box
PH;MS-2"/fr4f>c per box and &•§ 60c per crate.
PEACHES— 35*1 73c per box: in bulk. $20^25
per ton for freestones and dins*.
GRAPES — Muscat. 23'9'oOc per crate: Seedless.
75cSr$l per crate: Sweet water. 33c: black, 25<3
JOc; Tokay. 23<950c; Isabella. SOiSSoc; Wtne
Grapes, $13'51S for white and J2(Vfji4 per ton for
Zinfandel.
MELON'S— Nutmegs. 30c<@$l per case: Canta
loupes. $1!&1 75 per crate: Watermelons, $S320,
with extra larse at J23 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS- Lemons. It 25'gr2 for com
mon and $2 Ti0g3 for good t.-> choice: Mexican
Limrs. J6 30<fi7: Bananas, $150'ii2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50®2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisijis,
The fruit market shows no new features.
There is a fair outward movement at steady
prices. Raisins are in quick demand In Xew
York, owing to the advanced prices for Cur
rants. Honey Is also stiff, and seme is being
imported from Utah to supply the local de
ficiency. This la like carrying coals to New
castle.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c; 40-
EOs. 7c: 50-60s. 5Uc; 60- 70s. 3»ic; 70-SPs. 3Vic; S0
90s, 2Hc; 90-lOOs. 2>-ic: 100s and over. 2c; rub!es.
He premium: Sonomas and San Joaqutns i»c
less than Santa Claras, except 100s and over,
which stand the same. Apricots, 6^jJ$i4c for
Royals and 10®12c for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples, 6(g6c; sun-dried. 3#4c; Peaches, S^g-S^c
for standard. CSG'/ic for choice and 7*©8c for
fancy; Pears. 5*&7V4c: Plums, pitted. ES6c: u:i
pitted. l@lHc; Nectarines, 5©5%c for red and
54^6c for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard Sc; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. SHc: choice. 7*4c: standard. 6>ic;
pvime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5V4c;
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown. "c; London layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 CO; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial, $1 All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8glOHc for standards and 9
(Exile for softsheMs; new Atmonds. 12ffl3^c
for paper shell. 9H310e for soft and 6@7c for
hard shell: Peanuts. 5@6!4c Tor Eastern and
6@Cc for California: Brazil Nuts, ll«12Hc; Fil
berts, 12igl3c; Pecans. Iigi3c; Cocoanuts. {3 50
65.
HONET— Comb, 13!?M4c for bright and ljt^c
for light amber; water white, extracted. 7^*fj>
gc; light amber extracted, 7<g~Mc; dark. GlitV^c
Pe BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Prices remain unchanged, with a quiet mar
ket.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ICtJc per 1b for
heavr. He for light medium. 12Hc for light. 13c
for extra light find 13c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, I2 1 ic; Mess Beef $13 n«
fcbl: extra Mess. 513; Family. $14; extra Prim*
Pork, $15 30; extra clear. $19; Mess, sir 50-
Smoked Beef. 12^6 "c per lb. Mu
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for ccm
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels pure <», *•
10-lb tins. M4e; 5-lb tins. 9T4c- ' ' * c>
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, SHc- threw
half barrels. S%c: one tierce. SHc; two 'tierces
kVic; live tierces, SHc per lb. "erces.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKIXS— Culls and brands sell
about lc ur.de- quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. SHC^c; medium. SHc; light ««•
Cowhides. fce; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip, 8c' Calf"
&c; Dry Hides, sound 15c; Dry Kip i3c'. rw
Calf, lac; culls ar.d brands. 12c; Shei-ninn.
Shearlings. 20:530c each; short Wool -a«-o.
each; medium. 60380c ; long Wool Wail l
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2®2 25 for lanre li 7S
lor meJlum. fl for small ana 50c for mit = .
Horse Hides, dry. $1 SO fcr large, $1 25 for me"
dlum. fl for small and 23230c for colts D«r"
skins— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall "or me"
dium skins, 20c; winter or thin skins ''Oc Goat
s kins-Prime Angoras, 75c; large and sruooih"
uoc; medium, -ac.
T ALLOW-No. 1 rendered, 484^0 per lb- No
2, 3@3V-c: grease, 2tf2' r ic. '
WOOL— Spring ullp is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, lMJ16c; Northern, defective XSK
14c, Middle County, free. li£i6c; Middle Coun
ty, defective 12'tfl4c; Southern Mountain. L'
months'. Il<tfl2c: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. 10<gl2e; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. Siglle: Humboldt and Mendocino. i
161il7c; Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6U9Sc: do Lambs',
8!59c; Middle County. 9@llc per lb. •
HOPS— OU. nominal at StrlOc per lb; new.
General Merchandise.
EAGS-San Quentin Bags. Jo G; Calcutta
Grain Bags. S'-fec; Woo! Bas;*. 2S4ff3:»jc; Fleece
Twine, 7Vic; Fruit Bags. 6'i@6\c for white and
SH«?S?ic for bleached Jute-. , h «.n
COAL- Wellington. %> I>er ton: SouthfleM
Wellington. $3; Seattle. J7; Bryant. » 6 =<:<*>?
Bay. $:, 50; Wallsend. J9; Cc-oreratUe
tend, $9: Cumberland. $12 in bulk ami *~ an
Kack*: Pennsylvania Anthracite t-8S- ? ,\
Del. Ill per ton; Coke. - J16 per ton in bum ana
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, ,1900.
Bank Clearings.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. ¦
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 11H 6 1%
Closing :.... 6 11% 6 1%
PARIS.
Opening 20 Co 2170
Closing . 2005 2170
Flour —
Opening 25 SO 28 10
Closing ..25 75 2S 00
Neiv York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Sept. 7.— There was a general
weakening in tone in metal circles to-day. The
10
Articles— Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—
September 73% 73'i 73T&
October 73<* 73* 73*
November 74»,i 74Vi 74
Corn No. 2—
September 39% 39% 39U
October 3S% 3S% 38%
November 36 .36 35%
OatB No. 2—
September 21 21% 21
October 2»i 21% 21
November 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September
October 10 97% 11 02»,4 10 85
January 1105 1122% 1105,
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 6 67V4 6 70 6 67%
October 6 70 6 72% 6 65
January 6 45 6 52% S 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 27% 7 40 7 27%
October 7 12% 7 20 7 10
January 5 S3 5 92% 5 S2%
Close.
73
73%
74%
33%
3S%
36
21V4
21%
21%
10 95
11 02%
11 22%
6 70
6 72%
6 50
7 37%
7 17%
5 92%
Articles— Receipts. Sh
flour, barrels 23.000
tVheat, bushels 341.000
2orn, bushels 273,000
Dats, bushels 467.000
Rye. bushels 6,000
Barley, bushels 47.000 .
dlpments
15.000
17.000
92.000
366.000
liblooo
Articles— Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—
September 73% 73'i 73T&
October 73<* 73* 73*
November 74»,i 74Vi 74
Corn No. 2—
September 39% 39% 39U
October 3S% 3S% 38%
November 36 .36 35%
OatB No. 2—
September 21 21% 21
October 2»i 21% 21
November 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September
October 10 97% 11 02»,4 10 85
January 1105 1122% 1105,
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 6 67V4 6 70 6 67%
October 6 70 6 72% 6 65
January 6 45 6 52% S 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 27% 7 40 7 27%
October 7 12% 7 20 7 10
January 5 S3 5 92% 5 S2%
Close.
73
73%
74%
33%
3S%
36
21V4
21%
21%
10 95
11 02%
11 22%
6 70
6 72%
6 50
7 37%
7 17%
5 92%
Articles— Receipts. Sh
flour, barrels 23.000
tVheat, bushels 341.000
2orn, bushels 273,000
Dats, bushels 467.000
Rye. bushels 6,000
Barley, bushels 47.000 .
dlpments
15.000
17.000
92.000
366.000
libloooMR. E. TRAVIS M. ECKERT. MISS CONSTANCE POLLARD.
(Photos by Bushnell.)
Will Start a Paper.
Articles of. Incorporation of the Sun
Printing and Publishing Company, whicji
purposes printing a dally and weekly
newspaper in this city, were filed yester
day. The capital stock is $100,000. of which
$19 400 has been subscribed. The directon*
are: Charles Edclman. W. T. Baggett,
J^eigh H. Irvine. William GibBon and
ThomM U- B.u*h.
oflicer decided to call assistance. The. pa
trol wagon was dispatched to the scene
and the belated carriage pulled up bo
hind. There were no shafts, and this
again puzzled Leonard. He overcame
thi3, however, by hitching It to the prison
van with ropes. Whenever the horses
slacked up their speed the carriage
"butted" into the end of the. patrol
wagon. Officers Cleveland Peters and
George Graham then sat In the rear of
the wagon and held the machine off with
their feet.
Leonard ordered the patrol driver to
pass along Ken my street and he kept his
scat in the machine until Fagan's stable
was reached. Xext day it was discovered
that tho machine had broken down, and
that the owner had left it In the street
until he could get a machinist to repair It.
VI called the article a loco-automobile
In my. report." said Leonard, "because it
would drive mo 'loco' if. I ever tried to
drive one again."
NOW, I would know what to do
If I found a stray horse," ex
plained Police Officer Ed F.
I.ieonard at the California-street
police station early Thursday
morning, "or I'd know what to
do if I found a stray wagon, or even a
stray horse attached to a stray wagon.
But I am up against It this time. I have
found a stray automobile."
Leonard, shortly after he went on his
beat, discovered an unoccupied horseless
carriage at the corner of Montgomery and
Sutter streets. He at once searched the
neighborhood for an owner, but none, put
In an appearance and the policeman was
In a quandary. Leonard knew there was
a stable for lost horses and bungles, but
he could remember no rulp that required
lost automobiles to go there. The officer
finally decided 10 take the contrivance to
the station and climbed up on the <=eat
preparatory to assuming the duties of
engineer.
"I'll make Attridge and Douglass and
the- rest of the gang green with envy aa
I spin along in this thing." he paid, head
ing the machine for Market street, that
h«> might take a circuitous route. "There
isn't much glory ' in driving a patrol
wagon, but when you can be transported
in an automobile you can make them all
Up their helmets."
Leonard adjusted the steerlntr appara
tus and pulled the lever, but the wheels
refused to revolve.- He opened every
valve and turned every handle, but still
the vehicle remained as "dead" as a
freight train on a 500-foot grade. The
newsboys and late stragglers stood by
offering advice and In sheer despair Leon
ard followed It. The only results he got
was art occasional flash of light from the
side lamps. - . - '
¦ After two hours o£ &*3*ii£*»ttUi^{ tbe
Decamped With $7000.
Chief of Detectives Seymour and his
men are keeping a sharp lookout for F. K.
Harwood. a Nomf minor, who. they havp
been Informed, decamped * from Seattle
with his partners' share of JTirtO worth of
gold dust a few months ago. Information
was received that Harwood had gone to
China and the local officers watched for
him when the Doric came In, but did not
see him.
Nymphia Owners Must Pay.
Thf Judgment handed down by Judge
Orsham finding I*. P. Frey. S. P. Blumen
borg. Emll A. Kfhrkin. W. IF. Richards
and Val J. Kehrlein. director* of the
Twinkling Pt.ir Improvement Company,
owner of the notorious Hot^l Nymphia,
guilty of leasing premises for immoral
purposes, was afl'.rmrd yesterday by
Judges I>awlor and Dunno of the Superior
Court. Jrnlgo Cook dissentod. The de
fpndanrs must each pay a fine of $250 or
go to Jail for six months.
Dora Fuhrig Heavily Fined
Suspicious Character Arrested.
El C. Thornton, who claims that he is
an attorney from Portland. Or., is locked
up in "tho tank?" at the City Prison and
will bo f1f>tain^d until something definite
Is learned bv the police about- him. He
was discovered yesterday morning occu
pying a bedroom on tho fifth floor of the.
Palace Hotel. How he pot Into tho bed
ro<im is ¦ myatery, as tho door was kept
locked and no key was found on Thorn
ton. He snld that ho was drunk and did
not know how hf- got into tho apartment.
When <i'if ¦stinnMi bv Captain Seymour
he s..i<l he was an attorney from Port
land and had crime her*' to see thf cele
bration, as hf was a nativf Von. He said
he rnotncil at 21^ Turk street, and Defec
tive Harper was sent with him thore with
Instruction* to release him if his state
ment WKS correct. TIk- people at the
house did not know him. and then hfi told
Ilarpxr his lmppspr' was at th«* Golden
W<st HotH. but on pning there thoy.ktiew
nothing about him. Harper took him back
to police hondmiarttrs. and •Captain Sey
mour ordered him lacked up until further
Inquiry can bo made about him.
Riotous Soldiers in Court.
The BoWleri who were am^i^ o n Du
pont Ftr~n Thuredar night by Policemen
Barry and Nelson for dlFiurbing the peace
appear**! before Jud** <"ahan!ss yester
day. They were all discharged, with the
exception of T. 3. Doud. The offiv.-rs
¦would not positively pw<»ar to the identifi
cation of the othrrs. as there was a mob
of about 200 howling ai;d yelling round
thtm. l>ouo. who «a? the cause of the
disturbance, pleadrd p:;i!iy ami was sen-
T^tjced to ten days In JalL F-rgfant K J
Gaj, charged with r.^Sstint; an officer'
< iaimed that he simMy ask'-d the police
men to release I>iud and let him take
him to thf Presidio and warned the pa-
TT-flmpn of th" <1sng<r «.f usine: their re
voivcrs.
Ruling Affecting 1 Property Sold for
DECIDES FOR SAN DIEGO.
Delinquent Taxes.
Ppocial Dlspatoh to The Call.
SAN T>IEGO, Sept. 7.— Judsre Fuller to
day sustained the city In a tax title case.
During the last decade many lots have
been sold to the city on account of un
paid taxes. Within the past few month3
there have been commenced many sult3
to n'llet title because of tho fact that the
growing demand for property has caused
owners to look to their titles. This suit
was entitled Clark against the City, and
the answer had set forth the claim of the
city under tax certificates of 1<W and 1W1.
Tbe demurrer was to the answer. Plain
tiff's attorneys claimed that unless tha
city applied for deeds within three years
It was barred from all title.
Judge Fuller hpld with the city, over
ruHng the demurrer and c'o=lnp: the Issues
In the case. It will now como to trial on
Its merits. A great many pieces of prop
erty In the city have the same clouds on
the' title and quite a number of suits ar«
awaiting action on this particular de
murrer.
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.
Tom Fitch Jr. Arrested at Stockton
on a Bakersfleld Warrant, i
STOCKTON', Sept. 7.— Tom Fitch Jr.
was yesterday arrested by Sheriff Pibley
on a warrant telegraphed from Bakers
fipld charging him with felony embezzle
ment. He was taken to jail. The affair
grows out of some business transaction
with a T5a!;ersfield man with whom Fitch
has heen doing business In buying and
sellinsr grain. Fitch claim's that he Is tho
victim of circumstances and that the af
fair will be cleared satisfactorily to him
when It comes up to bo heard.
It is stated that he was advanced monev
on a tfrpin transaction, but falling- to
come up to th» contract agreed upon hp so
notified the parti's with whom he was
dealing. The penalty demanded was. h»
pay?, excessive. He made proffer of the
money advanced, which was refused.
Reception to S. D. Woods.
Srwrlal li sraicn to i,-c < a
STOCKTON, Sept. 7.— The people of
Stockton gave S. D. Woods, the Republi
can Congressional nominee, a warm re
ception on his return home this evening.
A large procesrion, headed by a band,
marched to the Santa Fe depot and on hla
appearance fairly carried him to the car
riage In waiting. Red fire and noise ac
companied the parade on Its return, and
by special arrangement tho Courthouse
dome was Illumlnnterl. Mr. Wood was es
corted to Hunter plaza and from the stand
made a rattling good Republican speech.
He urged all good citizens to unite in sus
taining the administration irrespective of
the personalities of the nominees. Mr.
Wood's campaign was launched with more
enthusiasm than his most sanguine
friends had anticipated.
Special Y. M. C. A. Service.
The Young Men's Christian Association
Is to hold a service nf special interest at
Its hall. Mason and Ellis streets, to-mor
row afternoon at 3 o'elock In observance
of the sixth anniversary' of occupancy of.
the new bulldlnp. The speakers will be
Rev. George C. Adams. D. D., A. P. Black
Esq., and State Secretary \V. M. Parsons'
The Knickerbocker male quartet will be
present and sing several selections. The
service Is free to the public.
An rntertnirm«nt and masquerade ba-11
which wiil mark the fifteenth anniversary
of the organization will be given by Court
Ftanford. K. of A., at Mechanics' Pa
vilion this ev»-ninp. in aid of the sick and
funeral fund of the court, which has priid
out in benefit? and for physicians serv
ices and medicine nearly $5000, be?lo>s
taking care of the widows and orphans
of its deceased members.
The executive committee is composed or
Dr M Neumann, Joseph F, Dycette; Q.
A Trautner. K. L. Noriega and Eupene
* The following named arp the officers of
Court Stanford: I^ouip J. KUin. P. <_. R.;
Dr M Neumann. C. R.: r . I*. Nortepa.
r *C R • H. M. Saunders, treasurer; S.
Gardner.* F. P.: G. A. Trautner. R. S.:
<'harlrs Pries. S. W. : Joseph P. r.ycette,
J. W. Eu*ene M. iVvy S H.; D. At
kinson J. B-; I -co Jemzsch. Joseph Calla
han and R. Hoesnerker. trustees.
WILL CELEBRATE THEIR
FIFTEENTH ANNIVERSARY
Fun at Central Park.
Central Park. Markei ar.d Efshth
streets, is now open with its many attrac
tion?. One of th» main feature? la "th'»
sled plide." th«» n*"w-pst j^nsntlon In jrrav
lty railroading-, which makes a ctrcu't of
trie entire park. Including 1 an exciting
p'un.s«» through a lake of real water. The
park !;• open from noon till midnight.
Though Shot At by a Guard. He Con
tinues Running and Escapes to
th» Woods.
PrH-mte Ira a. Kiljrore of the Flrft In
fantrjr. with only four months remaining
: two years' sentence to perve. made
ft tr<-ak for liberty yestr-rday at the Pre
eiriir,. and though phot at by the g-uard
Fucce«4e6 In e«=r&ping to the woods sur
"::rir the reservation. The escape was
evidently prearranged, as the prisoner's
cnum feigned si«-knei=s in order to attract
the a'Tentlon of the guard.
Headquarter*, band and the second hat
•• of the Eighth Infantry under com
mand of Major Stretch and consisting of
four«n f»r-, e T! . an acting- assistant sur
peor,. eeven hospital enrps men and B22
grtvate* left Fort BnelUng yesterday for
can t ranclsco.
PRISONER AT PRESIDIO
REGAINS HIS LIBERTY
Vigilant Patrolman Discovers a Stray Horseless Carriage and Wrestles With
It for Two Hours in a Vain Effort to flake It do— Broke Down
and Temporarily Abandoned by Owner.
POLICEMAN EDWARD F. LEONARD PROVES
A RANK FAILURE AS AN AUTOMOBILIST
Suit for Wages.
K. S. Isaacs filed a petition in the T T nited
States District Court yesterday ajjainst
the proceeds nf the sale of the brigantine
Pltcairn for $400. alleged to be due him as
wages as managing agent of the vessel at
Nome.
Indorsed Democratic Nominees.
The Iroquols Club held its repular week
ly meetinp last nicht at Pythian Castle.
Max Popper addressed the club on the
proposed constitutional amendments to be
suhmitted to voters at the next election.
A report was received that the Demo
cratic convention had embodied In its plat
form a elnuss recommending the voting
machine as suggested by the club. The
Congressional nominees and Presidential
Electors named by the convention were
indorsed.
Tanforan Dog Show.
The San Francisco fanciers are anxious
to redeem themselves from the charge of
apathy Judging from the way entries for
the Tanforan Park bench show are pour
ing in. The management of the sho.v
ha? determined to profit by the experience
of Sacramento and it has declared that
unless tho entries rea^h a total of two
hundred and fifty, thus cuaranteeins *
championship record of threo points, 't
will seek the perm1?<«ion of th^ American
Kennel Club to return all entry fees and
to call the show r.ff. It should be remem
bered that no prdlKr^e is r«*<iulr«>«i to sho-v
a dog. The prizo money Is very liberal
and a dog will have to bo a comparatively
poor specimen if h<» cannot win his en
trance money bark, at least In a jfrent
many of the classes. The entries rfn^
positively r>n Monday evening at Parlor
A. Palace Hotel.
A regular meetinsr of the Pacific F.ix
Terrier Club was held at 41 Putter street
last Monday evening. X. II. Hi^kman nr«*
sldine and Mes?rs. M<-,ore, Russell. Fos
ter. Martin and liar!, y present. Tho
forthcoming show at Tanforan was prom
ised a laree entry of fox terriers. Sev
eral new does will appear and competi
tion will be very keen.
J. B. Mason of Pinole, Afflicted "With
an Incurable Diseass, Commits
Suicide.
A man supposed to be J. B. Mason of
Pinole was found lying d^ad on the floor
¦with a bullet wound in the head in a room
in tho "Winchester House, on Third street,
about midnitrht last nipht. An old-fash
loned Colt's revolver of heavy caliber lay
close to the body and from the surround-
Iners it wa« evident that the man had com
mitted suicide.
I-ettors found In the dead man's cloth
inp Indicate that he was afflicted with an
incurable disease. Deceased was about 40
years of ape. Tho body was removed to
the Morgue.
BLEW OUT HIS BRAINS
IN A LODGING-HOUSE
Battle of San Juan Fought at Six
teenth and Folsom— A Fire
Elephant.
Pain's infantry and kaleidoscope artil
lery licked the Spanish arain last evening
in the mluiie battle of San Juan at Six
teenth and Folsom streets. It would be
difficult to "Ftagre" a battle more realis
tically. Killing hills, blockhouses nnd
frowning battlements stand out in boid
relief n^ainst th:- background of the ni»rlit,
and in the rod lichts of the oampflres th*
s-ontries pace their beats watchful for the
cf.minsr fee. Kf-d Cross nurses attend to
tho wounded, nnd to thr melancholy sound
cf taps the "dead" are burWl. The bat
tle opens with tbe reverbernt int? crafh or
heavy artillery, the rnnid-nrers bark away
and punctuate '.he spiteful spit of the
Mauscn and Krac-Jorpensons. One by
one the blockhouses are bittered down
and wrapped In flames, while over their
ashes the boys ;n khaki rharpe to victory.
The triumphal r-.arch within the shadow?.
of San Juan Hill closes the spectacular
engagement. The acrobatic events and
the display of fireworks were not l<-=s'in
teresting than the battle. An elephant ot
fire ppradrd around the ground?, appar
ently In search cf peanuts, and was the
most interrstin? feature of this portion of
the programme.
The special features of the fireworks dis
play to-night will re pyrotechnic portraits
of 'William Jennings Bryan and Adlai
Stevenson. To-morrow night will be Na
tive Sons' night, and one of the many set
pieces will be a fire picture of Grand Pres
ident Rust.
PAIN'S ARMY AGAIN
BESTS THE SPANISH
International Typographical Union
"Will Enforce the New Order in
San Francisco..
The International Typographical T'nlon
ha? derr^-pd that the nine-hour working
flay ?hrUi he establish**! on and after Oc
tober 1. WOO. In all book and job offices of
Pun Francisco.
At the forty-Fixth annual session of the
International Typographical Union. h"id
• Milwaukee la.=t month, the following
resolution* were unanimously pa^ed:
Uf*olve4. By th» Irt<"rr.at!or.al Typographical
:r. ItF forty-Flxrh 5»Fs>!r>ri SL??emb!ed <!>.
¦ - n Franrif-'-r. T>r>ographicjU T.'r.ion No.
i if berebr instructed to obey the man
' lt> body and Inaugurate the |
r ». rfc-iay within lt«= Jurisdiction, to ,
. - October l. ::•»;.
flemotwd ¦?'. T?i*T In ff!» r\-rnt thlo crt<T <
• • ? •¦ s^v efta&Iistu&eBt within th»
Jurisdiction •* N r >. Z\. the ererutlve ccuncil
J » hereby a t ithortz«yl to pptkIt the ne
- f*nanriHi a^*'ls ; *an'"?'. to Ura end that the !
r:n*-!- v;r workday 1-° ¦un.*j»fttUy esiabli«h».* j
ir. Par Fraadsoa.
A:i over lh« Cnlted States and Canada !
there have been but three cities wher._ j
the nine-botrr day has not prevailed — San '¦
Fra.-icisco. Plttpburjr and Kansas City.
NINE-HOUR DAY IS
TO BE INSISTED ON
Turned on Gas and IMed.
Henry Hobson. formerly employed in
the laundry at the Occidental Hotel, com
mitted suicide yesterday at 724 Bush street
by turning on the gas in his room. When
tho Morgue deputies searched the room
tn> following note was found, which give^
color to the theory that a love affair
caused the man's rash act:
I>ar Jmnlf: I am dyln^. Take the greatest
ran 1 of ynursclf. Tour R-ettln* mad •with nr>
has been the cause of It all. So g^xi-by, .bar
est heart. HARRY.
Deceased had hr-en drinking for the past
two days. Tie was 47 years of age and a
native of England.
REV. ANDERSON'S CONDUCT
IS TO BE INVESTIGATED
OAKLAND. Sept. 7. — RepresentatK'es of
that portion of the Bethel African Meth
odist Episcopal Church at Sacramento
which opposes the Rev. W. B. Anderson
appeared before the African Methodist
Conference to-day and presented a peti
tion to Bishop Arnett demanding that the
Sacramento minister's conduct in his pas
torate be investigated. The matter will
be taken up in executive session to-mor
row morning.
"I am opposed to Mr. Anderson's re
maining In charge of the Bethel Church,"
said Deacon Tibbs. "At the beginning of
this year there were thirty-four members
on the rolls of the cnurch. Since the
Thompson divorce trouble seventeen of
these have withdrawn by letter or other
wise."
Rev. Mr. Anderson said: "I am quite
confident of the outcome of any inquiry
that may be made. I look for a complete
vindication."
Prohibition Nominee for President
Opens His California
Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— John G.
Woolley, Prohibition candidate for Presi
dent of the United States, arrived in Sac
ramento this evening from the East and
opened the Prohibition campaign in this
State In an address at the Assembly
Chamber. Over 1000 persona listened to
his discourse, which in the main was an
argument against the alleged ascendency
of the saloon in political and social af
fairs.
Mr. Woolley has a pleasing address, a
fine flow of language and speaks In a quiet
and argumentative manner. He devoted
most of hi? attention to an arraignment
of the average good Christian voter, who
he said suffered corruption and intemper
ace to exist and flourish, although It lay
within his power on election day to blot
it out. He rather sarcastically referred
to Mr. McKinley as a Christian President
who stood at the back of the army can
teen, which the speaker condemned as a
murderer of manhood and a disgrace to
the nation.
Mr. Woolley said he had no personal
quarrel with the saloon-keeper, but
thought him as good a citizen as the
professing Christian who on election day
so cast his vote as to say in effect that
he believed the saloon should remain as
lawful and respectable as the church and
the public schools. He spoke of having
witnessed at the polls of a New England
town a number of school children with
badges pinned to their breasts asking
voters to cast their ballots for their pro
tection as anainst the protection of their
enemy the saloon. Yet, said the speaker,
the parents of these very children were
among those who Ignored their appeal and
voted on the side of corruption and the
saloon boss.
Ton many men. said Mr. "Woolley, were
disposed to place upon the shoulders ol
the clergy the duty of saving and pre
serving the country- from the political and
social evils that beset It. never thinking
that the preachers were not numerous
enough or strong enough for the task, nor
that the duty rested upon themselves.
He said there were in the United States
seven millions of Christian voters, to
whom it made no difference that a minis
ter did not amount to a row of pins com
pared with a saloon-keeper. He declared
that the evil of Intemperance acted as a
blight upon nearly every branch of human
activity in this country.
CANDIDATE VVOOLLEY
TALKS AT SACRAMENTO
JJESSir BARTL.ETT DAVIS, the ever popular sweet songstress of the Bosto
r.lans, has at last surrendered to the seductive offer of the enterprising vau
deville manager, and will "do her turn" at the Orpheum to-morrow. She
made her debttt in thi= line of work at Chicago during the summer and has
an interesting" Btory to tell as to how ehe -was induced to go on the Orpheum cir-
CUlL f
"It was an act of charity that landed me In vaudeville." said the lady yester
day, at the Occidental. "I had not Fung a noto in public or private for twelve,
months nnd when they were working in the interest of the Actors' Fund I be
came interested. The Masonic Temple people had been making me nil kinds of
offer? to p!ns fnr them. One day I telephoned the manager that I would sing one
week fur $1'>") and that I would contribute that sum to the Actors' Fund. My prop
osition was accepted and th<=> week was very successful. Later the management
tried me two weeks and then Manager Murdoek offered to book me for forty
week? at (1000 per week and expenses on the Orpheum circuit. I promptly ac
cepted and am glad I did. The work Is not only easy but highly "congenial, for the
public treat me in a manner that makes one feel good all over.
"However, there is the one tribulation, and that is the fact that every audi
ence compel? me to sing 'O, Promise Me.' That pong appears to have been fast
ened to me. and I have found no way to get rid of it. I will sing here two weeks
and the s=ame in Los Angeles. After I conclude the forty weeks' engagement, I
am to go to England to sing in vaudeville. If I make a fair hit there I will come
back to this country very much more in demand than I am at the present time.
I do not know why this is thus, but that is the fact."
Probably by reason of her long rest. Miss Davis is looking younger and
brighter than she has for a long time.
fp? LAMEDA, Sept. 7.— The engagement
II \\ of Miss Constance Pollard and E.
ll —^ Travis M. Eckert of this city has
been announced. The young people
are socially prominent in the Encinal Clty
and have a place in musical circles, being
identified with the large choir nf the First
Methodist Church, of which Mr. Eckert
is the leader.
That a pretty love story should have re
sulted from the constant association of
the young folks has not come as a great
surprise to the bride-prospectlve's many
friends, who know her charming quali
ties.
Ml=s Pollard is the only daughter of W".
H. Pollard, a prominent broker of San
Francisco. Mr. Eckert is the son. of Mrs.
Phoebe C. Eckert. He Is connected with
the traffic department of the Southern
Pacific Company.
The -wedding- will take place Tuesday
evening. September 23. at tho First Metho"
di«t Church. There have been 2no cards
Issued for the affair. A reception will be
held after the wedding at the residence
of the bride's parents. This will bo con
fined to the young couple's relatives
and a few very Intimate friends. The
honeymoon will be spent in Southern Cali
fornia.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 7.
William Magee, well-known society
man and cotillon leader, arrived to-day
from Lake Tahoe. "His arrival was com
pulsory. as he was brought back from
the mountain resort by Deputy Sheriff
William Holland, who held a bench war
rant for his arrest. The recreant witness
was taken at once before Judge Greene
and there spent one of the liveliest half
hours of his life. Following a scoring by
the court, he was compelled to pay a
fine of $64, the expense to which his hasty
flight to Tahoe put the county of Ala
meda.
That JIapce realized that he had defied
thf law a little too far was shown by the
fact that he was represented in court by
Charles S. Wheeler, the well-known legal
light of San Francisco.
Judpe Greene showed his displeasure in
no uncertain way, and for a time the so
ciety favorite must have had painful vis-
Ions of a cell in the County Jail with a
heavy fine besides. But for the fact that
he pleaded illness to the satisfaction of
the court he probably would have felt
the Interior of a cell, but In the light of
his Illness and his ignorance of the law
governing witnesses, Magee was allowed
to go with the payment of the first day's
costs.
Judgp Hall sat with Judge Greene In
judgment on Magee. When the law's
victim wns asked to explain his depar
ture for Lake T.'ihoo In spite of his sum
mons as a witness, he said:
"I had been ordered by my physician,
Dr. H. C. Moffltt, to leave town for a va
cation, and when the Deputy Sheriff
served me with the papers I told him that
I could not bo present at Martin's trial.
I have to he careful of my health, and
thought I was justified in going away.
When I learned that T was wanted I re
turned with Deputy Holland."
"Did you not know that you were In
contempt of court?" asked Judge Greene.
"I did not, your Honor," replied Ma
pee.
The court then delivered a severe lec
ture to the defaulting- witness, caution
ing him not to repeat the offense if he
wished to remain out of Jail.
Upon Attorney Wheeler offering: on be
half of Majfee to pay the costs, the con
tempt proceedings were dismissed.
Magee's testimony in regard to the
burglary of the Hush residence was taken
by deposition this afternoon, and the so
ciety leader left to rejoin the merry
whirl at Tahoe.
PEDIA THDNTXA. VTH.O GRACES VATJTJEVTLIiE STAGE AT A
LARGE SALARY.
'Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Sept. 7.
Notwithstanding the fact that a Coro
ner's jury exonerated I>eputy Sheriff
Striker from causing the death of William
Storms aod deckled that It was not a
bullet from his pistol that gave the fatal
wound, the UuilJins? Trades Council ha*
determined on a prosecution ol the ofHcer.
President John F. Kerns of the council
called at the District Attorney's office to
day and requested a warru.nl for Strikf-r'a
arrest. JDistrict Attorney Allen prepared
the complaint, but Kerr.3 would not sign
it. ai he was not a Witness to the shoot
ing. /
letter in the day William Courtney ap
peared to make the complaint, but after
rending the document reiused to affix h;a
name. Though he saw Striker's pistol
discharged, he would not swear that a
bullet trcm the oMcer'a weapon killed
Storms.
Kerr.a and Courtney left the unsigned
complaint in the hands of District Attor
ney All»>n, who will do nothin? unless it is
properly sworn to. The document its pre- ¦
pared by tfce Uiatrict Attorney charges
that Striker fired without malice the shot
that killed Storms.
"This matter will not be dropped." «ta!<i
President Kerns of the IJuildintc Trades
Council to-day. "Although we wero
jobbed by the Coroner's jury last night
we have decided upon a course in thU
matter. We are almost positive that
Strikrr and no one els..- killf»l Storms. an»l
yve want him brought before a court of
justice. The District Attorney's office
was not represented at the Inquest last
night, and I don't think we wore given a
square deal."
Regarding the story that three snota la
all were tired in the melee at San Lorenzo
Grr.ve, Sheriff Rogers said to-day that
there were several reputable men who
could swear to Biich a, fact. Nothing: is
known *»f tho identity of, thf mysterious
pistol wielder or wielllors. but the Sheriff
and his deputies are looklne for tho men.
"It Is difficult at this time to accom
plish much." said Sh'-rlff rtop»>r3. "but wo
ore making every effort to find the mm
who fired the 3*-ca!iber bullet which th>?
autnppy surgeon swore killed William
Stoims. The inquest showed conclusively
that Striker"s Erun did not do thf killing,
and what wp r.ow want Is the man who
fired the fatal sh^t."
The funeral of William Storms wa3 held
this afternoon from undertaking par!or3
under the auspices nf Oakland I.odse No.
272. Independent Order of Red Men. The
services were conducted by I* Nenson.
chief, and \V. Dorhelm, chaplain. Thero
was a lar^o attendance of members of tho
lodg^ nnd the various unions of the Build
ing- Trades Cour.cll.
Thf» pallbearers were John Arnett. L.
M. Hosmer. W. E. Berry. J. Redmen, H.
Osterloh. II. Meyers and F. Ohe.
Letters of administration or. Storm""* es
tate have been Krnntod to Public Adminis
trator B. C. Hawes. The value of the
estate is unknown. Storms left no rela
tives in this S-tate.
President Kerns Dissatisfied
With Verdict of Coro
ner's Jury.
TRADES COUNCIL
WILL PROSECUTE
DEPUTY STRIKER
SOCIETY LEADER
W. MAGEE NEARLY
GOES TO PRISON
Heavy Fine Imposed for His
Trifling With Orders
of Court.
Bestonlox to-day and continuing uTitil
•:¦ :.:n inst. there will be exhlbite.1 at
M^rk Hopkins Institute of Art a val
ible collection of painUngs pertainlnp
e early hit=tor>' of California. The
bibtt is specially arranged as a feature
the semi-centennial anniversary of ad
i"n day. About thirty pictures will
shown and most of these have been
aertrnxlj Kianed for the occasion bv San
Cisco people.
¦; oX the mast striking pictures is that
itlea 'Lt-lebration of the Admission of
. tornia into the Vnlon. September :<.
by Charles Hcfps. There is a tine
ltir.j? of the steamship John L.
--:. phens. which was one of the first
•<arr.ships i to ply between San Francisco
; i \^ }* thm u*- The picture is owned by
::.t I'acine Mail Company.
I. J. Crocker contributes an excellent
R?. 1 ?"^ 1 of Captain John A. Sutter.
''Washerwoman's Bay in 1S55" is shown
Ja an artistic painting owned by H. II.
Taylor.
An interesting painting Is donated by
f- G - Collins. It is the work of Mrs.
Oriar.r.a Day and is entitled "General M
O. \ailejo Dicta-ting California's History
Irom 1..0 to 1S4S in Colonel Leese's Home
in Monterev."
Captain and Mrs. Roberts contribute
fine por.raitp of themselves, which were
painted in San Francisco in l<$0.
A picture of no little historical Interest
is the "Headquarters of Captain Ulysses
S. Grant In IS52 at Fort Humboldt, Hum.
bolflt Bay, California," painted bv Emma
F. Van Wlnlde.
Judge WHila>ce contribute? a portrait of
the «r*t Governor of California, Peter H.
Burnett.
"6an Francisco. July. 1 S 4?." is shown in
a pair.tlnjr by George II. Burpess. The
"Review of the Mexican Troops at the
Presidio of Sonoma by General Vallejn."
painted by Mr*. Ortanna Day. is donated
by S. H. Cnllir.?.
Other r»a!r.tir.jrs and contributors are:
Portrait of Fr»^<1erlck n. Kohl«>r. firpt
Ohlff of ih<* Volunteer Fire Department
in San Francisco; portrait of David Scan
Vf]]. fim Chief of the paM department in
Fan Francisco, and portrait of Senator
r>a\id C. Bn>o>rirk. All three portraits
ere donat'^d by the Exempt Fire Com
pany. A portrait nf James Kinjr of Wil
liam: picture of Sutter" <: Mill, painted by
Charles Nahl and contributed by Julius
Jacobs; "CrosFir.jf thp Plains in ]<55."
owrfd by Me««rs. IIoppp & Sons; "An
Afiernoon Game of Card«" and half a
<W<-n oth^r pictures r>Tvn*d by the Narjot
• =rar^. 5r.e:';,i<r.& "Tlif Ir.dianPony P.ace"
ar.fi "The r>raff"n Procession in " China-
Fine Collection of Early
Scenes and Pioneers of
California.
RARE PAINTINGS
ON VIEW AT THE
ART INSTITUTE
tHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.
CUPID FINDS VICTIMS
IN THE CHURCH CHOIR
POPULAR PRIMA DONNA
GOES INTO VAUDEVILLE
town."
11
SLOW "COPPER" HAS TROUBLE IN ARRESTING A VAGRANT AUTO.
Tv>ra Kuhrijr. th»» notorious mid wife who ;
waj conTfctfd \>y Jwif;'- Cabanlss of prae- j
'.r% mr-diejr!* 1 without a licence, ap- j
• ¦ red for sentence jrestertajr. The Judge
¦ ¦f-'l her to pay a fine of H50, with the !
Bhernktlve of pr-rvjr.R VA days in the!
¦ ;:nty Jail. Her attorney at once pave j
. .. nf ni'P^al ari'l fho was Heascd on
?'• ¦ ranh halt.
'FJ 9
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
AH sorts of stores sell It, especially
druggists; all sort* of people use it-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. M«y Hawkins Will Help Even
Woman Save a Drunkard.
A Trial Packag-e of Her Marrelous
Home Treatment F R E E for the aside?.
Any true woman might well be proud tohavi
sared one poor «o'.:l from th<* shackles of drink
but Mrs. Hawkins has redeemed tncu«ands bj
her noble and practical work among those whi
b»v\3 been vie tints of Intemperance. Mrs.liawi»
las for yesrs suCercd the grief and auguisb
shared by so many true ard faithful women ot
America to-day, who have O.rlnU-aGUcted 1Mb-
ers. husbutdsorsons. Shet'eirraiacJ to over*
coajo tate fearful eTil ir possible. Her seardj
for a harmless, perfect and secret home cure
was at last rtTTurded rvnen a= old friencl cace
to her and sevs her* rccedy waich bad neTex
been Unowu to fill. ;.Irs. Hawkins r»?9 tha
remedy secrotl y ana In a tcrr wesk^.to her preal
J07. hsr dcxirest relative was entirely cured ot
appetite, for drink ana was again restored to
nealtn and inaahood.
Artsr this wonderful result Mra Hawkins d»
cldcd to devote h«r life to tlie work of helpinj
her sisters eTery^hero.whoiii ?he found suSer-
in? as sae had suffered from the effects of alco*
hoi upon at husband, fcthrr or son. With tha
assistance of others r^9 rerf ected the original
treatment and no-nr offers to send this treat-
ment free to any distressed wif^.motherer sis-
ter who will write for 1:. Mr ?. Hawkins' grv ai
desire is thnt every wcmr.n who need? this
medlclca will write at once to her and get It.
A Or^t^fTil Woman. ¦
MRS. MAT HAWKINS. Grant Kaplfls. Mlen.-
My Dear Friend: Yon have Lcrn the incansof brio?.
liiicsunshlnaintorar hocie. hr.^t, Autrmtl pot toui
minody and bestin .riv«m: it to n; jr hu^wTV.mi from
ttwttlni«nntil thenr~v»r:f heha^cottatcnac!ror>o1
nny kio-lof ntc>h^litMirintn. Icsnnot «ay too m>icll
'orTrbaiyoarremcftvhDsrtmeformear.dlurirjltjM
»hotocrtoan7ino - hcr.*ist?rcrTr!fe,T-ho »!i:»!i reed
tt. Yours fin?cre!T. JIR3.U. A. UNt
Ea« Uampton. Me.. Vcb. 1 U 1.-U0.
Thousands have seved their homes and lored
ones by this reraerly and yoa can to amon^ the
number If you c.n^y wish ir. Mr3. Hawkins
treats every letter she receives sneredly cor.a-
dentialana yoa nee.1 have ro hesitancy what-
erer in trrltinir her for assi^trnee. Do not de-
lay; write her to- (Jay. 4ddress
Mrs. M3j Hawkin.' Box l^i i Qnai Rxilih U\t\THE SAX FRAiSTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 19OO.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUPTNEFS OFFICE of The Ban rrenclnco
Call, comer of Market end Third ¦tre«ta, op«a
until :i o'clock even' nipht In the year.
KUAVII OKl'ICES— r.17 Montgomery street,
corrwr <"l»r; open until »:30 p. m.
TOO Havoc Ktn*t-t; open until f:30 p. m.
OS McAllister street; open urtil 3:30 p. m.
f.t> Larfcta etreet; open until 3:30 p. m.
::>O ¦TlaaUlll street; open until 19 p. ro.
2261 Market street, comer t-ixteenth; open
DCtfl 9 p. m.
J<« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
;i96 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Nut Hi wet corner Tnrnty-second and Ken-
tucky street*: rn-en until S p. m.
arnica services.
nnvT^nioMAs chalmers'i^aston. d.d..
of Washington. 1). 0.. will preach Jr. Frar.k-
lin-i=t. Presbyterian Church. Franklin s"t.,
corner of Vall^^o. 31 a. m. To;rtc. "Califor-
nia Holder. JuMlee." Admission day dis-
course. 7:3'. p. m. Topio. -Sapho. the Sup-
preaelon of the Immoral Prama." Theater-
g.w-iT are kindl" Invited to hoar this discourse
that has fa<-'<«od so much discussion in the
t r.«sr. Scats free. All are welcome. Sab-
hath school at 9:30 a. m.
mi:eti\g notices.
OCCIDENTAL Lo-Iir* No. 22. F. and •
A. M. — THIS ¦SATURDAY) KVES- «i
I\r, at 7 30 o'clock. Third degree. It T
iJa-strr Masons cordially Invited. By/VT
order of the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
JIXCT^LSIOn Dftiw Lodgre No. 2.
I O O F. — Regular meeting i»v^>5*=
HIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
First desree. '/."W>
A. K. KINGSFORP. P. M.
THE California Debrie Commission having re-
cclvra applications to mine by the hydraulic
nroccts frcm W. W. Treat and John II.
ThcTr.as. in the Good Hope mine, near
Kcli;se. P;-jmas County, to dopofit tailings
in Onion Valley Creek; front the Bader Gold
Minir-C Company. In the Bader gold mine.
pear Meralla. Butte County, to deposit tall-
irjts in Little Rutte Creek: from the Ralston
TV vide Gold Mining Company. In the Lynch-
burs mine, near Virner. Placer County, to
<!»>P<:.«=lt tailings in Lore Canyon, and from Q.
H. Lewis ct al.. In the Fnake Gulch gravel
mire, r.oar V.illiolta, Cala verns County, to
•lepofit tailings in Pnake O-ulch, piv^s notice
that a nvotir.jr will l»e held at room 79. Flood
buiMire. San Francipco. Cal.. on September
C4. r-v. at i-.zn r . m.
WINDOWS AM) SEATS TOR PARjURE.
A riXE view of parade fr"m rrandstand cor.
Putti-r A- Van N«*s; cmstruried under ap-
prneil ;lsr.s of R;ard of Public XV<>rks: pri-
vate Uixes & ohair s=r-at« ifsm'tJ nt Sherman.
C1»T & Co."*. cor. Gutter & Enrnjf sts.; re-
malniiiK fa.?s after Saturday at grandstand.
A RE^KRVED rha'r seat for ?1 at praM «anrt,
oor. Van N*es.<= .-ive. and Sutler Ft.: don't pay
J? tct Fit on a r<~u*:h bench for four hours.
Peate and private boxes on sale at Shcnnar.,
("lay & Co.'f, comer of Kearny ani Sutler
Ftp ; also at thp stand.
THOSE desiring to view the parade from thp
window* of Mme. Germaino's apartments
must see her personally. *>o; Market ft..
mom 3".
A— BAY-WINDOW. Market, bet. Kth and Sth:
f.rst floor; accomnv>date 4 persons. Apply
IS8S Market < cigar store*, near Lark'.n.
WINDOWS ani peats' to view the parade oa
Monday; prand view: no obFtrurtion. Mc-
DOWBL—.1 1019 Market et., near Sixth.
PCHXIKHKU room— K'amy-ft corner: superb
v!-w for f=tr«vt fccnef holiday week. Apply
MAJ. CI.AKK, 420 California st.
FINEST bay-winarwF In city to view the pa-
rade; terms reasonable. 1401-1403 Van Ne?s
avenue.
FEAT? for rarade; east 5J«e Van Ness. bet.
drove anfl Frlton Fts.; ticket?. t30 Van Ness.
<¦ W. CTNNINGHAM.
WINDOWS t" let; Ytfft place in the city. Ohio
rental Parlors. K0 Market Ft.
WINDOWS to rent f?r parade. Apply 2 Hayes
Ftr^er.
HAI/COXT to \-l«>w parade on Monday; splen-
¦Ii'1 view. ;:6 Van Ness ave.
UHST position on Market st. to view parade;
l>ay-window«. Apply 1 Fifth St.. room 10.
LARGE bay-window. Apply S17 Market Ft.,
r ten 4.
VAN NEPS ave.. «1A— Flnrt floor, bay-wln-
AoWs to rtew parade to l^t.
LARGE bay-window. 411H Kearny «t-, flr»t
floor, rocm J.
tVINDOWS and eeats to view the parade; fln«
¦S.v: on Market Ft. 3 Eddy St.. room 1.
WINDOWS to view the parade on Monday;
rrar.d vlcv.-. it3 Market st., near Tenth.
WXXDOWS to view- the parade on Monday;
c-ar-.d viev.-. !„* Market Ft., landlady.
PHATS to view r.Eval parade; splendid view;
:¦ at Horad-cL wharf; tickets 53c
RESERVED seats in finest first-floor windows
In city; flre view. Arj'ly 12?> Market et.. r. 2. ]
UKSEKVKO seats In bay-window; fine view. !
Apply 112S Mark ft f... r^om 2.
BRATS for sale ror parade: fine view: N'E. cor. j
Lfirtctn Rnd Market. Apply 1STS Market f.t. j
AGENTS WAXTED.
r". TO tin daily eas'.'.y made by our Live Agents.
rr.<-Ti or wom«-n. selling nur latest novelty, :
i a-!-.ra!*rr. waterproof neckties; pnods -ntlreiy ;
no»: and patented; acentR d'lighted; saies un- ;
limited: what 'then* do you can do: writ? to-
day: *~rure exclusive territory: guaranteed
b»ft **-ll*>r. Adorers, with stamp. M. & M. I
MAXFO. CO.. Dept. C, Fprinsfleld. Mars.
AGFNTS— <J"v. Koosevelfs Works. IS volumes;
Ix'Pultr editions; fast Fellers: agents mak'.n?
from Ilf' to J30 a day: address for terms and
oxrl-jslve t^rritorr. THH LOVELL CO., S3
chambers Ft.. New Tork.
LAIjY solicitors every* here; female tcnic: pre-
vrr.ttve. oorre'-tive. sr,0 Phelan building. P. F.
A«~-KNTP of ability and experience in life haw
«ncp. Call at room 101. S57 Market, cor. Sixth.
1"K hnndle newest nove!tl'« for acer.ta PA-
'IFir A^KXTP' PTTPPLT CO.. 3451 l^th rt.
ASPHAI.TLM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
r-"rs laid, rf-raired: postal. 11V, Mission Ft.
ASTnOLOGV.
SOIE. HICKET. astrolcirlst ; rsnJ read'.njTanfl
palmistry. 2>; borr-s(v.j«>s cant. 1K3 Mission.
ATTOHXEYS AT~i7a\v7~
ADVICE fr*e; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fw> without success: collections G W
HOWE, atty «t law. S.-.0 Market. cor.Ptockton'
II. W. KINO, attorney. 927 Market et.. room ctT
general practice; moderate fees; consult, free
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates
_rolle.Tior.y. J. A. MitrheM. *u Montgomery!
ADVICE rr«- : no charge unless successful, w
tJ7 Market st.. cpp. Maron.
1.. P. CLAHK. Eauna Bpreckel* b!dp. HJ Mar^
Vet »t.: <¦> retaliation free; no f«>» in advance.
CLtTl—tt. m:HM~AN~J.. attorney. «*n~Market
''¦¦ r - --•': 'P^n eve.. 7-»; corguitatlcm <ree.
PATH CAHIXETfT
l>.or.lNf=oN »:.. K-adlMdlai; door ©pens: firti
and Far.-. \\ . S IiP.OWN, g p n . agt ., «;; Ellis.
BCSIKBSS CHAXCES.
A-r.KiO: CORNER Rr<x-'£ry"~£ n T" bar; T~cholcest
location in the Mission; rent J!5; 4 living
roorr.j; place o.«tab. y<ars; as own<-r a
v.idow. v. arts to retire. Call Ii. G WlVlCE
1A\m Kearny St.
A— »^0»; SALOON with b-j'.Kilne of T rooms-
IV 1 -. rrou , 1 " 3 lfia£e : cl0!r « »o Union Iron
Uorka; i;lac*> nub. 36 years and doing a
(im-class ' ravine business. Call R c
IVILKE. JC>4 Kwiray Bt. .
A— J330; GROCEUT and bar. with I lj.j aK
rooms; rrnt J2C; thickly fettled neighbor-
hood, south of Market gt. Call R. G W1LKF
LCH Kf-amy st. •
A — COItNKIl? clear store on K'aroy st. ; c!e«.r-
t'.nz above $l«0 per tucnth. Call It. G. WH_C_
IC>s Kearny et.
A — fJWs; CORNER paloon on Polk FtTTTong
!c-ase: ch*»p rent: tir*.t-cla*e paying business-
death "t owner cause of sale. See R y
WILKH. 2£\i Kearny et. ' .
A— !200; SALOON; cicse to new Hall of Justice 7
rent XSO: dally receipts $U: a eohp. Call R.
<J. W1LX1E. I6V. Kearny st.
A— J1CC0: PAKTNKU wanted In porter, stout
and Weirs b<*>r brewery; lr:ve«ti£ate; a rare
< hance. Ca'I It. G. WILKK. :6^ Kcarny et.
A—OS0»l STATION E I JY. notions and ice cr»am
7 *rlors, conn#*cTed with general agency of ;»:;
: ; . F. papers; also general apency of 2 steam
larndrifs- no opposition in either Un«; rent
riS; in lively business tewn across the bay.
I'art;ru}»ra R. <;. WILKK. ICVi Kearny et.
V »". have lar^e; t Hot of ralorns, hotels, gro-
' rrl<-£. clsar Rom, drlleatc-ss-ns. ftc. In the
<Hy; before tuyins call SCinvniNIIARI* _
CO.. S17 Market rt., between Fifth and Siitb;
»;'hon» Mint 1311.
t7Z9 — BAREST; all Etore trade; receipts $_ a
<!ay cash: l«>rt j.Uce In th* city for the
money. LANE & CO., 8H3 Market st.
V.TA— UIO restaurant; eeat CO people; you can
n.ake the cost this con:!nir week; rent $15;
call early. 12 Washington et.
tt-'.'Kxi BANK wanted In lively Interior town,
lanre pro;>rrty holder will take stock. FOW-
L_U — CO.. UI3 Call buildlnar.
nrsixKss ciiaxces — coxti.med.
I $!50— PARTNER wanted; Indoor business; will
pay $C5 to $75 per month to each yearly. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777't Market sL
IS'.O— MECHANICS' board and lodging house;
bargain: vn.nws rau>« of t>aJe. McLAUGH-
L1N dc CO.. 777>i Market st.
SCOOO — PAUTN2IR. wanted in wholesale and re-
tail liquor etore with large outside trade.
Me La I 'CliLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
$500— BUTCHER shop; barsaln; eickness cauf*
of sale. McLAVGHLIN & CO.. 777'j Market.
WELL established trocery and bar: splendid
cash business; 4 llvlne rooms; rent $20; thick-
ly settled, quiet neighborhood; reason for sell-
ing, sickness. "194 Eleventh Et.
A GOOD country blacksmith business for pale;
owner retiring from business. Address box
<•«. Call office. '
I B000— PARTNER ? wanted in old-established
business; mu?t have a knowledge of hard-
ware. Ad<5r«ss bux 40S2, Call office.
FOR SAT.E nr exchange — Home restaurant in
a rental neighborhood. Inquire 719 Post st.
! TAVO No. 1 patent rights (novelties) for sale by
! patentee. Room IS, 208 Sutter St.
ESTACLISHEl) bakery & restaurant; will »ell
rfssona t>I«* ; lu.oount sl<*kneFS. 714 VaienclH-
TWO store* to rent: restaurant with furniture,
ether for barber Fh< p. 6?S Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS paloon and beer agency for 6ale
In a flourishing cna^t city: low rent and long
lease; requires about $1000; principal* only
need apply; reasons for telling, sickneES.
Wunder Brewing Co., S. F.
$400— COILSER grocery and bar, with 4 living
rooms. 1111 Howard St., corner Langton.
n.'O— HOME bakery, with flna portable oven.
32D2 Mission tt.
] PARTNER wanted in printing business; a good
opportunity. 402 McAllister Et.
! PARTNER wanted in a flrst-class Market-st.
J photograph gallery, lady or gentleman: one
of the partners retiring; splendid opportunity.
Apply to XAGLE & NAGLE. Attorneys.
I 410 Emna Spreckels building. S27 Market st.
j PARTNER wanted in billiard parlor, barber
I Fhop. stationery, notions, confectionery busl-
i nets; thriving country town. Address box
| 4 04. Call office.
I i25W— COAL and fe«d yard and express busi-
j ness; 4 horses and 5 wagons; good building;
living-rooms; long lease; excellent chance;
i Rood location. 7S35 SIXeenth St.
i COUNTRY merchant* trading with Indians can
I find a market for Indian baskets by address-
j ir.g the Mexican and Indian Curio Co.. 615
I 8ever.teer.ih st.. Denver. Colo.
j TC* rent — F^r i-cial yard. rciilK depot, etc.; fine
location: place is entirely covered: contains 3
t'.aHF- rmt only 1V>; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDHICKSON & CO., 614 Call building.
$;00<v_ PARTNER wanted In livery and board-
ing Ftabl>: good va!u°: paying business.
DONNELLY & CO.. C22 Market st.
! PA LOON on bu?y street: doing good business.
I Particulars I*. P. Brewery. 315 Fulton et.
' SALO<">V for tale; opposite ferry. Apply at
j 111 F-art St.. north of Market: no agents.
I PARTNER wante.1 in a flrct-elass saloon. Ad- '
[ dress t*ix 4^61. Call offlce : --
' RESTAURANT for pale; established JO years;
; will be sold at sacrifice. 1024 Hyde et.
WELL-STOCKED stationery, notion and cigar
Etore. Box B. Call branch. 300 Hayes st.
COFrEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWE— — & CO.. 412 Sacramento gt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch' office. 2200 Flllmore Ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptions has been established at 1C96
VplenrSa et.
LODCIXG-HOVSES FOR SALE.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central J1000
11-room hoi:se; JOOO down, balar.ee easy... SCO
£fl-ruom house; first class" 10.>0
ro-room house: all newly furnished 3100
11-rocm house. J475; 6-room flat 323
FISHER & CO., 1C32 Market st.
A-SAY. F1SHEH & CO.. have you lodglng-
houfes? Yes. what price? JTOO up. any loca-
tion desired; 12 rooms. $300: ]Q rooms. HZ0; 10
rooms, new. S9CO. fine; 20 rooms, bargain. J700:
"7 rooms. $2000. snap: all sizes, all prices, all
new bargains: ca!l and see us. 1C32 Market.
14 ROOMS : rent $22 $4.V)
44 roorr.F: rent $70 10&fl
£0 room?; clears $73 month lo'M
:2 rooms: rent $<0 3.K)
SKIFF, 304 Montgomery st.
OVER 200 houses for sale: price, location, size
end terms to fuH you: call for list. M. GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market b'.. room 1, by "Call" b'dg.
JTOO- FURNISH ED flat, north of Market St.;
departure cause of pale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777U. Market jbU
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
lfl pages. In wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
J> . CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wacon. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2<i-h»nd wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nesp. work A- driving horres. :5th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN I'HOTO BUTTONS.
MF'Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 533 Market St.. 8. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN yr.u t'eome disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULUING'S Pioneer Carpet-Heat-
ing Work;-, JjC-.u-Tchama St.; tel. South 40.
J. McQUFF.N'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4 E .3 Stevenson i-t. ; tel. South S2S: lowest rates.
J. K. MITCHELL Ccrpet-Beatirg and Reno-
vating Co.. 24fl Fourtf-enth n. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beatlntr WiTk*, G. II.
PTEVEN8, m^r.. 38-40 Sth pt.; *el. South _*.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at i<:.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eljrhth .«.: tel. Jessie S44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter bt. ;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO, WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLI N*_ Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Cate ave. ; telephone E.ist 120.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renown«d
spiritual medium; advlc-e in ail affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; cirs. Run.. Wed., Frl.
f-ve'n; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
IIZ Eddy. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. SEAL, medium, cures, the tobacco habit:
life readings and treatments dally. 323 Ellin.
MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun.. Tups.. Frl. eves.,
10c; readings daily: L. 25c. G. 50c. m Turk.
FAMOUS medium and palmist. "Special this
week." Full readings.2i;c. 50c. ir>81 Mkt..nr.lZtn.
MATCHETT holds circle to-night. S o'clock;
10"; ten all. 132 4th; Fittings dally. 50c.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, heal-
er and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. buRi-
nos* medium, life reader: Fittings Jl. 1104 Mkt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
7;I«-yf-r, Fit. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
A WEEK'S n«ws for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
1G pases. In wrapper^ for mailing. II per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & wcond sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies uOc:
ger.tn |1; palm. & clair. Pit. Jl 60. J26 Turk st.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
given In ail affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
antwil- 2."c up. 17 Third i=t.. next Examiner.
1SMAK, t_e Egyptian gypsy cla'rvoyant and
palmiFt. permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
Cth; private readings dally 10 a. m. to :". p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT. t»-st. business medium, card
reader, 2T>c up. S23 Mission st..nr.4th; no sign.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11 6th; German spoken.
lOtE. AirOUFT. clairvoyant, card reader ind
IJP.lmiFtry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; pawl,
present, future. 2.">c. 14S Sixth Ft., room 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the cypsy. Is th- great palm-
ist and oaid reader; 2Jc. 7 fr?eventh; no sign.
MME. LENHMAR— Fortunes by planets-; pre-
dicted overdue Mrr.r Geld wreck. 210 Mason st.
WYLLIK. photo medium. 230 Ellis St.; last
w«K-k: come early.
! MME. FCH A FFFJl. clairvoyant, card reader
j fitters dally. iU\i Sixth ft.
• MME. I'.AVEXXA reads life fluently: business
advice; namps griven; 2."j»? up. ii Fourth fit.
MMK STPILLI-:— Cradle tc irave; future hus-
band'w picture. 2:.c; ladles. 314 O'Farrell st.
collection offices:
GEORG7Tw7!CruT?rS~A^nc^^
It-?* succ»«*f»|. Room SIO. S27 Market St.
COTTACES TO LET.
GROVE. "20 1 .4— 4 large sunny rooms; pas; bath;
garden; seyerate yard.
I>Oti HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospi talTposti Flfl more-^
Alvice and medicine, 75c; city visits. Jl 50; ail
animals treated; doss boarded. Tel. Vest 63«.
DK. Cr*ely*« C P. manpe cure, and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 610 Golden GiUe av.
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide, y° u c&n
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAM SO N. M. P., Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with seme of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without ar plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, full set, $3; fillings,
COc; crown, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or f.lllnss by my won-
derful secret, painless nvtlvxl; 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LKEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
CROWN and bridge work experts: our work is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call
and eee our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references; examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market rt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh: elevator.
TKETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 W;
bridgework. $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry: hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor, d. U.
DR. LUDLUM HILL.- 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made— old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gns given.
DR. ALBERT HILL. S50 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect pet of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for the best work.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
Me. New York Dentists. 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, ijc.
VAN VRODM-"PaInless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
6ET nt teeth plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
DRESSMAKING— Ladles' and children's suits
from $2 60 up. 7 Grand ave., above Ninth.
S. F. DrersmakinK. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ne»s.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
. EDUCATIONAL.
AYRER' Business Collese, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
I bookkeeping:, telefrraphy; day and evening:
Just added new business practice offices and
. 20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business Collece, 21 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typinp. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
CALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
1 » u i 1h£ ht-r. expert court reporter, teacher of
phorthand: report orlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $:>0; catalogue
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.: resristratlon,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced:
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education. j
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the unl\-erslty, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any ,
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come up and see us. 305
Larkin st. j
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: 8 i
: mos. In college not equal to S wks. with me;
$25. TARR, expert, acent.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey. E*Fay. cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
FRENCH students— 1 or 2 boarded; professor's
quiet family: ref. req. Maury, box 4067, Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpslc: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave. I
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin—
All branches; thorough: positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School* modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
411 Po*t St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic 6erv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHF.UM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072. ,
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. S06Vi Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
r,»«t help. 411^. O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EM PLOYMKXT VTA XTED FEMALE, j
WANTED— By capable and refined middle-aged ;
Amerlf-an Eastern lady, position as working |
housekeeper for elderly couple or invalid; no I
lncumbrances: references; city or country. !
Call or address Ahlborn Hotel, Bush Bt. and !
Grant ave.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, stenographer and '
typewriter; good penman; quick and accu- ;
rate at figures; be£t of references. Box 4096, \
Call office. '
WANTED— Washing, ironing or house cleaning
by th» day: first-clats worker. Address MRS.
JOSEPHSON, IC Natoma st.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
8?1 Mission St., room 1.
V.'OMAN wishes situation for housework: good
cook; city or country. Call at 1604 Howard.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation in Amerl-
cr.n family (only). $30 to MS. Call or address
2111 Fillmore St.; no cards.
WANTED— By young lady, position as com-
panion to elderly lady; city or Oakland. Box
4(63, Call office.
STRONG young woman wants work by the
day. MRS. M. S.. 33H Gilbert st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMTLOVMEXT WAXTED MALE.
ELDERLY single man wants a steady Job;
house, garden, horse; no soliciting. Box 4094,
Call office.
YOUNG man of good experience wishes work
as barkeeper; 5 years' experience; age 26.
Address O. S.. 652% st.
JAPANESE young man and wife want a place;
man to do cooking and wife to wait at table
Box 4908. Call office.
MARRIED man. 24 years of age. wants posi-
tion of any kind; can drive light team; city
references; no soliciting agents need answer.
Box 4076, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged Swede;
all around handy man: can milk and take
care of hor3cs. Box 4078, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man employed during the
mornings wants position for the afternoons.
Box 407». Call office.
JAPANESE nice nnd honest boy wants place
as schoolboy. GEORGE. 807 Polk Et.
WANTED— Position as caretaker of ranch by
a respectable couple; references. Address box
49C6, Call office.
GERMAN, sober and Eteady, wants work In
private family taking care of horse and gar-
. den; references. Box 4073, Call office.
INTELLIGENT boy wants place to make him-
self useful; errands or office. Box 4069, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener: understands
care of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn flowers: In private family; very useful
and willing: references; city or country. Box
4050. Call office.
NIGHT watchman wishes situation; best ref-
erences: gl»-e security If desired. C. HART-
MAX. 127 Turk St.
EXPERT OI'T^ICIAXS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justefl. N. Manass«». f>cull«t optician. 910 Mkt.
financial:
IF you have stocks or lwnds of any kind for
eale. call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DKRWRITINT. c:o.. 5O« Pnrrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
A — 30 DAYS free; clean 4-room flat; reduced to
$11. 1424 Howard St., near Tenth.
A— 15 DAYS free; 6 rooms, porcelain bath; clean
and sunny; reduced to $16. 1424 Howard Bt.
DORE. 2C7, off Harrison, between Ninth and
Tenth — Flat of 4 sunny rooms; tlO.
ELEGANT 10-rocm modern house; sunny yard,
etc.; 1124 Guerrero st. DOYLE, PRYAL CO.,
479 Valencia st.
FnXNKLIN, 20G — Nice clean sunny flat; 4
rooms and bath; modern Improvements.
IF you want to move eet printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &. HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SEVENTEENTH. 4332— Sunny upper flat, a
rooms and bath; rent $12.
4 AND 5 rooms and bath: $10 and $13. 45S5 and
4i87A Eighteenth st. ; electric cars.
$7 — MIDDLE flat: 5 sunny rooms. 234 Harriet,
between Harrison and Bryant. 6th and 7th.
FPRyiTTHE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
jFUnxiTL'KE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. H35 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; Bpot casn^
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc.. *'**}?£•
M. Silverstein, lljl Market; tel. Folsom 11QJ.
ALFRED WOLLPERT 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 7K7 Mission: tel. Red
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
WANTED— Second cook, $30; pantry girl. $25;
nurse, 1 child. $23; 3 nurses, $20. $25; nurse
and seamstress. $25: chambermaid and laun-
dress, $25; laundress, $30, private family; la-
dy's maid, $25; 2 waitresses for railroad eat-
ing house. $20. see party to-day; 15 wait-
resses. $20. $25. city and country; 2 wait-
resses for coffee house. J7 and $S a week;
chambermaid, $20 country: 2 kitchen help-
ers, $00; cook for men, $29; woman with a
child. $15; 175 houseglrls, $20, $25. city and
country. J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter Bt.
WANTED— Young girl for delicatessen store,
$23. See J. F. CROSETT, 31« Sutter at.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 more waitresses for restaurant, $S week,
Eteady place; 20 waitresses, commercial ho-
tels, $20 and $25; 3 chambermaids, city. $15,
$20; 4 chambermaids to wait. $20, city; 3 ex-
tra, fancy lroners, $3 day; mangle girl, city,
.'..'.'.'.'.'. '. '. '. '.family' department. .'.'.'.'.'.'...'.
EO house girls, cooks, necond girls, nurse girls,
city and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary 1 st.
EXPERIENCED restaurant cashier; $7 week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Oeary Bt.
6 PROTESTANT chambermaids; flrst-class city
hotel. MRS. LAMBERT, 41S Powell at.
WANTED— A maid for 3 children; must speak
good French or German; references required.
Apply to-day, 10 to 12 a. m., 1718 Jackson st.
WE want the very best salesladies for milli-
nery; will pay the very best wages and en-j
page for the year. 130 Sixth Bt. £
RETOUCHER wanted. Apply at BUSH-
X ELL'S, 1510 Market Bt.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted. 1007 Market
street.
WANTED— Waitress in small restaurant; call
in forenoon. 52 Eighth st.
WOMAN to do housework, take care horse and
lawn; country; 2 ladles. $15. Box 4087, Call.
TAILORESS. ROOS BROS., 23-37 Kearny st.
I GIRL to do housework and plain cooking. 103
Sacramento St.; call between 4 and h p. m.
COMPETENT forewoman for large overall fac-
tory. Address with references, box 4091, Call.
GIRL to do general housework; wages $10. 1321
Masonic ave., above Frederick.
GIRL to assist with housework; wages $10.
180S O'Farrell st.
GIRL wanted; general housework; 3 in family;
_wages $15. 715 Hampshire St., near 19th.
GIRL, 16 to IS. to look after 3-year-old child.
117A Bartlett st.
I SALESLADY at Etore 1113 Market St.
I MIDDLE-AGED woman: light housework and
attend to lady. 716 Franklin st
YOUNG girl to take care of child; good home;
$S per month. 619 Larkin st.
WAITRESS wanted at 6 Eighth st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, also chambermaid;
wait one meal; good wages. 312 Eddy Bt.
| RESPECTABLE girl for light housework; good
home: -wages $10. 77^ Fourth st.
WE want good makers for millinery; will pay
gcod wanes; eteady. 130 Sixth st.
TWO good waitresses; steady work; good
•wagea Apply early at 619 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for qutck work.
Atply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
INO CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh
and Eighth sts., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at L«vl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32% Fremont »t.; no experience necessary;
j good wajres. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
; WANTED— Reliable woman with girl (12 to 15)
j for good cooking, washing and general house-
work; 3 In family; $20. MRS. A. W. JOHX-
i SON, Upper Lake, Lake County. Cal.
! EXPERIENCED operators on underskirts:
I stpam power; good pay. A. AARON. 579
I Mission st.
! MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework for
widower and 3 children; $15. 807 Filbert Bt.,
In rear.
GIRL wanted for light housework; $10 per
month. 2632 Sutter st.
YOUNG German girl 'to assist In housework.
Call 10 to 12 a. m., 2C18 Mission et.
! WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
j $25. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
i GOOD reliable girl for light housekeeping; 2
and baby In family; wages $12. 930 Powell.
GIRL to do light housework and care for child.
El Pierce ct.
WANTED — Operators and finishers on vests.
K. H. LKVY. £13 Market st.
GOOD reliable girl for housework: good home.
Apply 4034 Seventeenth st.
WANTEO-A girl to do general housework.
Apply 514 Devlsadero St.; $25.
GOOD finishers on pants; also a girl to learn.
157 Fourth st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and care of children; sleep home.
309 Twelfth st.
APPRENTICE wanted; book bindery. 536 Clay
street.
GIRL to assist with housework. Apply at 3777
Clay et.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth et., near Valencia.
Al FINISHER on suits at M. SIMINOFF. 1223
Market st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore tt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
HKLP WAXTED— MALE.
i A— WANTED— Three men for winery, $25 and
board; 2 carpenters, city. $3 50 a day; milker.
Oakland, $25: general blacksmith, country
shop. $2 50 a day and board; farmer and wife,
$45: 4 laborers around mine, $2 a day; vege-
table rardener and teamster, same ranch, $23
each; fireman, $70. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay et.
WANTED— For railroad construction In Hum-
boldt County, ICO men; wages $2 per day;
board $3 CO per week. Apply J. R. HANIFY
6 CO.. 16 California at.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 132 Pacific st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 164?
Ml&slon Bt.
BARBER wanted at 105 Second st.
BARBER wanted; Saturday and Sunday. 33V4
Turk gt.
BARBER for Saturday, Sunday and Monday.
Call nt 215 Sixth st.
GOOD barber fcr Saturday and Sunday at 921
Harrison Bt. ; wages $5.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday or
Sunday. Call C.09 Larklr. St.
BARBER for Saturday and steady. 131 Third
street. ' f
BARBER from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; wajes
$2 50. 623 Play st_
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday at 406
Third St.: pood pay. .
WANTED— A .barber for Saturday afternoon
and Sunday. 1357 Dupont Bt.
GOOD barber; steady Job right man. 252 Ellis
etreet.
BARBERS— Good-paying 5-chalr shop; must bo
sold' on account of departure; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS 4-chair barber shop for sale:
location central. Box 4080, Call office.
VEGETABLE man wanted" Park HoTel, 26
Turk st.
I t LIVELY, boys; $5 a week. 212 O'Farrell st.
— . i
WANTED—Dlshwasher. 126 Ninth st. {
WANTED— A boy; wages $3 per week. 202
I Ellis st.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 6848
...Leading Employment and L&bor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M., TO-DAY
FARE PAID TO THE SAWMILLS & WOODS
We ship to-day. 150 Iaborerswno experience re-
quired. ?26 to *40, fare pald..r>.
483 laborers and teamsters for all parts, city
and country $1 "5 to $2 50 day
60 laborers for the mines.... ?34 and $40 and fd
68 miners $60 and $75
• 25 laborers handy with hatchet
$30 to $40 and found
carpenters free fare
blacksmiths, city and country
ranch hands and teamsters. ...$26 to $35 and fd
dairymen, milkers etc $30 and found
buggy washers, stablemen and hostlers
FRUIT PICKERS
125 men nnd bo>B *<i Pick fruit, work In pack-
ing house and dry yards $30 and found
WE HAVE HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
NOT ADVERTISED
IF YOU WANT WORK Come, See Us
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
A ~ 5M RAILROAD MBN
Men for R. R. work f|/r all parts of Califor-
nia, Nevada and Utah
including Shasta, Truckee, Los Angeles and
other districts Come. See
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL and OTHER DEPTS
Steward, country hotel
cooks, bakers, helpers, etc., city and country..
butchers laundry help pantry men
Institution help grocery clerks, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
• 500 men for railroad work
200 teamsters. State of Nevada }2 a day
£0 teamsters, Monterey Co $2 a day
60 laborers, Burf J2 a day
50 laborers, Truckee jl 90 a day
20 tunnelmen for ble tunnel. Chatsworth
Park, Los Anceles Co., $2 to $2 50 a day, fee
II, ship daily, free fare.
100 laborers and teamsters for new railroad
work, Humboldt Co.; $2 a day; board $3' 50 a
week. •••••••••••.•»•••»..»•»».»..,..„.„,,.,
60 rockmen. drillers and laborers for reservoir
and water works. Napa Co.. *2 a day. board
$3 CO a week: 20 laborers for smelter. »2 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French chef, J1C0; second cook for cafe, coun-
try, $50; 6 cooks, country, $50 and $60; cook
and dishwasher, country hotel. $45 and $20;
6 bakers' helpers, $30 to J40; 20 dishwashers
and kitchen hands, $23 and $30
6 waiters, country hotels, $30 and $25; 10 res-
taurant waiters, $30 to $30; waiter, institution,
$25: nurse, institution, $30; laundryman and
wife. Institution. $00; washer, institution, J30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED kitchen boy. $30 and found; cook
and wife, country hotel. $75; dishwasher, same
place, $25; cook and wife, country hotel, $50,
fare paid; 2 boarding-house cooks. $40 and
$4.1; hotel waiters, *30 and $35; restaurant sec-
ond cooks and broilers; oyster man. porters
and others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S
Sacramento st.
ENGINEER and blacksmith for mill. $45 and
found: fireman for water Jacket one furnace,
$4 to $4 50 day; tappers. $3 50 day; feeders, $3
day; laborers about furnace, $2 day; laborers
for mills and woods, quarries, railroads and
other work at goinjc wages; machine men for
planing mill; blacksmith for country shop,
f 2 50 and board; many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT AGENCY, 628 Sacramento at,
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
marrled men between ages of "21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States; of good . character and
temnerate habits, who can speak, read ana
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service in Philippines. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Man and wife to work on ranch-
man must be thoroughly competent in gen-
eral ranch work; wife to do general house-
work; wages $40 per month; Swedish, German
or Swiss preferred. Address D. K.. box 4<5.
Wheatland, Yuba County, Cal. ; apply at
once. —
AN Intelligent boy for apprentice salesman In
a large tinware and stove store; must write a
good hand; German or French preferred; low
wages to commence with: chance for advance-
ment. Box 4C90. Call office.
WANTED— Accountant for complicated sets of
books; must be neat; fair penman; permanent
position to the right party: references re-
quired. Address box 4093, Call office.
APPRENTICE tinner for heavy work; must
have had experience; mention where employed
and wages wanted. Box 40S9, Call office.
WANTED — Salesman: furnishing coods dept.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market Et.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakor: steady; good wages.
Room 115, Phelan building.
WANTED — Bushelman; good man; steady Job.
335 Bush st.
BOY wanted. Apply 152 Sixth st.
STRONG boy. wanted to work In oyster house.
113 Ellis eO
LUNCH man wanted; steady job. 1077 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at MARTIN'S. 15
Third Et.
COOK wanted. 1522 Kentucky st.
GROCERY clerk; city experience; delivery and
fill orders; salary ?9. Box 4095, Call office.
GOOD strong boys wanted to sell flags. Apply
513 Market St.. first floor.
WANTED— 100 men for "Quo Vadls." Apply
10 a. m., stage door, Grand Opera-house.
WANTED— Presser on vests. E. II. LEVY. 513
Market Et.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak Er.cllsh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 4'J Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal., 530 K st.,
Sacramento, Cal., or 105S J Bt., Fresno, Cal.
SINGLE man, 25 to 35 years of age, who un-
derstands care of greenhouses, growing car-
nations, roses, propagating young stock, etc.:
onn who has had experience in the florist
business preferred; wages $40 and found for
¦ the right man. Address, stating full particu-
lars as to experience, reference, etc., P. O.
box 453. Sacramento, Cal.
DENTIST— 1st class, good habits & address, to
take charge books & business of wide prac-
tice; large salary; security required. Oakland
Dental Co., 10C5 Washington st., Oakland.
WANTED— Steady man with $100 for permanent
place that will pay $C5 per month year round;
short hours: lleht work; experience not nec-
essary. 1Q16 Market St., room 10.
WANTED — 6 Jewelers; steady work; no short
time. Apply, stating wagres wanted and par-
ticulars. JOS. MAYER & BROS., Seattle.
COATMAKERS— None but the very best union
men need apply. ALFRED LILIENFELD,
90S Market St.
WANTED — Good hustlers to sell flags, parasols
and N. B. G. W. decorations. Apply Sunset
Bazaar, 42 Third st.
TAILOR'S cutter "wanted; one that is a good
coatmaker. Address C. J. ANDREWS. Port
Townsend, Wash.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 -Four-
teenth St., near Guerrero.
WANTED— A handy barber for Saturday. 36
Market st.
ASSISTANT bartender, can draw steam beer,
do porter work, $40; references. 698 4th st.
YOUNG dishwasher; good, steady place. In-
quire 1MI Valencia et., opposite car house.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c,' 15o and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet/ 1st and 2d sts.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 736 Market St. .
6 MONTHS or 1 year experience boy for the
harness trade. 12S8 Folsom st.
WANTED— Dark room men and printers. Ap-
ply at Art Publishing Co.. 223 Post st.
WANTED— Steady waiter, extra waiter, extra
cock. 25 Taylor st.
BOY wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
EO RAILROAD graders; 20 loggers; 10 lumber
pliers; steady work. 143 Grove st.
TWO mill bench hands; none but best need
npply. 115 Main st.
GET vour shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
ro;>ms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
NEW goods: quick sales: salary or commis-
sion: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO
Flood building.
WANTED— Stable attendants. Apply W. UP-
. WARD, Baden, end of San Mateo clec. line.
BITANDY makers— Heavy spirit barrels for
brandy a>. CARL'S. 217 Commercial st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F
| Barber Collece. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary semnen and green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2R Steuart. '
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawver. 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kct: 700 rooms. 25c nifrht: reading-room; free
•bus and baggage to and from the Terry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and. Howard—
Rooms l.*u to 25c night: 75c to $2 per. week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements • and subscriptions
received at Call branch oXflce. 2200 FUlmor? st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also waiom, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hone Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales erery Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TWO covered delivery wagons. 2 sets single
harness and 2 horses for sale. Inquire at Ne-
vada Stables. 1350 Market St., or room 21.
third floor Mills buildinc
FINE bay mare, top buggy and harness, suit-
able for family use. will be sold at a sacri-
fice,. Inquire at Club Stables, Taylor St., nr.
G«ary.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses; also
pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies; cheap.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard St.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN A: CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$22 60-MODERN house. 7 rooms; large base-
ment. 367 Shotwell St., near Eighteenth.
POST. 2223. bet. Scott and Devlsadero— Modern
house ; la rirf stable; large driveway.
LAUNCH TO LET.
GASOLINE launch for hire for this evening:
will seat 20 persons: private party preferred.
Telephone Clay 642.
LOST AND FOVXD.
LOST — A red and tan pocketbook containing a
bunch of keys and Spring Valley Water bill;
also notes. 318 Day st.; reward.
LOST— Greyhound bitch: fawn, with white
marks: 42 pounds. Return to 23_> Bush st;
reward.
LOST— Black and tan &og; name Zip; license
tag; liberal reward. Dewey House. 32 East.
LOST— Black and tan toy terrier dog: reward.
Return to JAMES ANTHONY. 441 Hayes Bt.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. _2S Market St.— Reli-
able ladles' and genta' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the same
day; try^the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5: positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
448 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' Bpeciallnt: aafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in Han Franrlsco for years; treated thou-
eands of cases surctssfully; treatment can be
used aAhome: consultation free. After a!!
others fail rail on hli"-- 1023',-i Market st.
i DRS. GOODWIN, well-known Indies' specialists,
| have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure IS; have treated th'iusnnds of cases with
pucceps; 15 years' pra'tl^e In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. lW;7^i Market Bt., near Sixth.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, canrer. catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium, 701 Sacramento »t. , corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. "WYETII. reliable specialist: »5 yr».'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Po«t St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
A — NEW process; every woman her own phy-
sician; no medicine or pills used; practical
physician 37 yrs. Dr. POPPER. 313 Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladies' special-
1st: home In confinement: safe and reliable,
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason >t-
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 21 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
STRANGERS visiting this city will find It to
their advantage to call at UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave.. and inspect his large stock of
diamonds, watches, sealskins, mustcal In-
struments, shotguns, opera and field glasses
nnd other goods too numerous to mention,
i which he sells at one-half of original cost.
SPECIAL for 3 days during Native Sons' cel-
ebration, a beautiful 2%-karat solitaire dia-
mond ring for $152: original cost $225. UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated In Nevada
County. 15 miles north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims; S-Ktamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
Ing works complete. For further particulars
inquire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth St.. Sac-
ramento, Cal.
I A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
! glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
| etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
I 8 H.-P. 2nd-hand steam engine and boiler; also
for gasoline. 6. 4. 3 and 1H h.-p. each: first-
class; bargains. EPSTEIN. 533 Mission st.
STEEL tanks, all sizes: suitable for water or
oil: cheap: all shapes: second hand. H. S.
WHITE. 515 Mission st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine. -
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
i SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento St.
j FIREPROOF safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRFCK. 131.JWJ3t St.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magtc lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLAFS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
EDISON concert phonograph: reduced price.
$75: concert records, $1 50. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St., San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for tl.
MISCELLANEOrS WANTS.
AN Oliver typewriter wanted; state price. Ad-
dress box 4083, Call office.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 981 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN* still pays best price, for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
IF >ou wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on R. COHEN. 1.'7 Third: tel. Black 4123.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undiviited Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. K
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
recond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN. '
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est ratas. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
Bt.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal :qulck
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
63 and 69. Ponohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; ho removal; any amount:
lowest rate. BECKER „ CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny at., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
itfV.OOO at 6 per cent In sums to suit In city: also
$150,000 on large ranches; also on second mort-
rages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
I3ONELLI.301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Caltfornia.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 3.1 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
H. MURWIT, K0 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
On furniture, pianos: 3 per cent'per month; no
ymmlsslon. Mrs. Wilson, rm. Ml. 6 Kddy rt.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examln^r_bu»d_£:
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com'
¦ mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral " r _ l P t ~
. fiorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan t>u
musical "^^""^JU-
WE^liave^Dne^F'the best equipped shops in tha
country for repairing pianoa; repairs, var-
nishlns and polishing done at reasonable
prices an<i payment accepted In Installments.
MAUVAIS'. fSJ Market at.
NOW Is the time to exchanjr* your old squar*
or upright for a new uprlnht. You can get
more for them now than ever again. Call at
once at MAUVAI3'. 7tt) Market »t.
THE old. original and only Decker piajio; es-
tablished In 1J56: Is sold exclusively by th*
MAUVAIS Musis Co.. :G3 Market st. They
are strictly Crst-cla sa.
WK Oder you the b«et roods, the best terms
and the best treatmen. of any house In th*
city. Try us and be convinced. MAUVAIS,
Id Market st. ___^
ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated the
San Francisco Music Company. 22j Sutter St..
with our O'Farr«?ll-st. business and now
show more coodj in all lines than any otn?r
house on the coast. Six floors of music and
musical srnods; pianos In endless variety and,
prices ranging from J7S to JDCO. Imperial
Symphonlon Music Itoxe*. Culrnrs. Violin*.
Mandolins. Strinsja, Triramines. Sheet Music.
Me. ; enormous stock; lowest prices; cash or
Installments. BKXJ. CURTAZ & SON. U.
18 and 20 OTarreil gt. : Chickertn* ajteney.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'H have the privilege of exchancms "or
a STEINWAY any time within three yean
anJ full purchase price allowed; the be»s
makers of every trade to select from: beauti-
ful new uprights JB cash, tt per month: som«
rood pianoa for S3. S4 and ii per month
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAX"
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
gan Francisco: comer Broadway and Thlr-
teenth ats.. Oakland.
ATTENTION! THE
BTRON MAUZY PIANO FACTORY
Is now op*n for Inspection. Special reception
Tuesday. Visitors welcoma.
SEE A PIANO MADE.
Have your old piano done over. Look In our
window and see the J3000 sold nuirstet. Th*
triumph of planomakers* art. SOS-310-313 Post
street.
EOHMER AGENCY.
ABSOLUTELY th© oldest and largest hont*
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26 23 and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianoa. orran» and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th*
customer.
AT a discount, to establish our new location,
we will give 10 per cent off on pianos; iom«
second-hand bargains: 3 Heine uprights. 1~27;
2 Steinwavs: J133: 1 Chlckerlng. $1S5: 1 Ma-
son * Hamlln. JTOO. anrl 20 other bargains.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary «t.
A CARLOAD line new pianos Just stored with
us from Eastern factory at factory prices (and
freight), cash or Installments; special for N.
6. O. W. WILSON Storage, 1710 Market st.
OUR piano stock Is up tr> date, and our special
sale will continue one week longer. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building. •
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best in the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Oary st.
2-PEl"> \L Stelnwny, perfect order, tt75.
KEKFFTTS. 9S3 Market St.. bet. Eth and Sth.
A FINE upright piano, high grade, half price;
great bargain. 320 Van Nesn ave.
GENTLEMAN leavlnp city will saerlflea ele-
crar.t upright grand piano. C?4 Golden Oata av.
BE in the swim; rent a new piano for J3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes at.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 114 Post St.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment J3
per month. SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and HaUett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
MI'LLEH. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION tale: new pianos: :.". payments:
for rent. t2 un. BRT.'ENN. 208 Post St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "*V>ek!y
Call. 15 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postaee paid.
OFFICES AM> STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 9.*7 Market—
Offices, light and sunny, $15 to SCO per month:
light, heat, janitor and use of te!. included.
TO rent— M.-Hjem itcre; well lighted; 23x110;
rent reg«cnahle. £23 Hay* st.
PEKSOXALS.
ANY one knowing th« whereabouts of BILLY
WILLIAMS, sign painter, 3 years ago living
cor. Clay and Kearny with a Prof. Multer.
please Inform "DICK." 615 Commercial st..
Old Dick's Place.
JULLVNISM.
Scientific Healing.
£19 Golden Gate av*.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. ~~ — ¦
HOPXr. BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work guaran-
teed: prices defy competition; fine upholstery;
phone S3C3; factory. 318 and 220 Eleventh st. ;
first-class cleaning an<l dyeing. _S O'Farrell.
near Powell. San Francisco.
G. LEDERER has a fine exhibition of hair
switches this week. $1 up: light and gray
switches a specialty: bargains. 123 Stockton.
WHY SUFFER?
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how long standing), or any other chronlo
disease, should call at once at the SAN3
SOUCI. 1409 Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date In-
stitution for treatment. 'We have 25 year*"
experience. Charges reasonable.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
J5c to $1 50 per night;. SI 50 to $8 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; It
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
G. LEDERER. the popular hairdresser — Th»
very Beatest.and latest hair styles, only 25c.
SUITS to order on Installments; Hi upward;
tl a ,we«k. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— 300 permanent cures In Ban Francisco,
who can be eeen; no operation; no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
BUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
Lederer Qulntontca Hair Tonic. 33o bot. ; Leder-
er Foamo Shampco. only 6c pkg. 123 Stockton.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's curlirg fluid: 23c a bottle; druggists.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. C2S Dupont st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: tl. at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlns. old rold and silver bought ;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for St.
postage paid.
MIYSICIAXS AND SURGEONS.
DR. J. H. REEVE. 26>~ Kearny. cures by elec-
tricity. Nervous Prostration, Insomnia. Asth-
ma, Rheumatism, Paralysis. Catarrh, Con-
sumption, Kidney and Inflammatory cades;
diseases diagnosed. _
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021U Market gt. bet Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
I LOTS offered at half their value— Two choice
lots, 23x120, on Eleventh ave., convenient to
the electric cars that pa?s en Clement within
a few steps every few minutes; price only
tl200 for both, cash: all street work done and
r?ady to build en: lots in the same block are
mortgaged for $5C0 and upwr.nl; the actual
cost of these lots was S.M0O; taxes w.!l be paid
In full to next year: there ought t.> be scores
of buyers eager for this splendid to 1 "* 3 '"-
I can arrange If necessary for easy pay-
ments or flat loan. gcji.fornla st.
THE choicest lot in Richmond. ZpgSJg**
sr.*«»w» win « b. .«>.
to ¦¦""IWy, a. miiftnu. .1.
¦cor, M i» cheap- business property on Hc»»rl
F ?t between Fourth and Fifth. Apply BEW
Prvz Co.. Alameda.
xionERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
M 2m^. R^s furnished. Campbell. 1U7 Mission.
yits:«;ton' cottage: 6 rooms and bath: large lot;
terms to suit buyer. Owner 413 Kearny st.
' CHFAPHST and best in America— The Weekly
' V> a Vi 16 r-a*es. sent to any address In iha
! x."nlt«*l States or Canada one. year for Jl.
| postal*** n * M -
I HiTaiTesTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
ACCBRATB personal kn,.\»Ie.iq» — each of Ihe
SOCO ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
j. f t Mnre than all other agents In this city,
ji" p. SICK— LS> the land agent. 6 Geary st.
• FOR sale— About ' acres of land, near Colma.
; San Mateo Countr. **'• Valencia, st.
i CITY property and 'arms sold or exchanged.
i |1 ORIFFIN. TO Mariwt st.: «<?t free.
' a WEEK'S news for 5 cents — TVe Weekly C^II.
( IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
RE^LnJSTTvTe^wTvNTEDT"
' PURCHASE 10 to 20 acres land In Sonoma
, County: dve loculitv. description and loweat
j cash price. Box 10S1. Call ofiie*TO SAIL.
Flozu of Rivers.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. September T.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Illnkle, — hour3 from
Cnyucos, etc.
Stmr Emplr*. Mageen, 59 hours from Coos
Bay.
Simr State of California, Gag«, S4 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Wbitesboro, Oisen, 13 hours from Point
Arena/
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. 103 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, 18 days froza Pana
ma and way ?orts.
Ger stnw Alesia, Knuth, IS days S hours from
Kobe.
Chil bark Pactflco. Kruyer. 63 days from Port
Blakeley; bound for Antofagasta; put In la dis
tress.
Schr Lettttla, Gronberg. 9 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr James A Gorfleld. Lewis. • days frota
Coos Bay.
Schr Charles E Falk. HennlnKsen, 4H day»
from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
. Friday. September 7.
Stmr Curacao. Parsons. Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. • *•
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Comox: R Dun»
rnuir** Sons Co.
Fr sblD Fingal, Archer. London; G W Mc-
Near.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan. Nanaimo;
John Rxsenfeld's Sons.
1 Brig Courtney Ford. Murchison. SItka; C A
Hoc^er & Co.
BAILED. *
Friday. September 7.
Stmr Mineola, David. Nanaimo.
Stmr Rival. Fosen. WlMaoa Harbor.
Stmr Eureka. Jes»sen. Eureka.
Stmr Curacao." Parsons. Guaymaa.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Fulton, Duznan, Portland.
Br stmr Westminster, Petrie. Manila, via.
Honolulu.
60 Equitable Gas 3 87V4
65 Honokaa S Co 30 12%
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 25'
10O Paauhau S P Co 30 37U
10 S F Gas & Electric Co...., 53 73
6 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 3 53 75
MS F Gas & Klectrie Co 53 62'4
20 S F Gat &. Klectrie Co S3 50'
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board-
COO Caribou is
60 Yukon '. 63
110 Kern River 20 00
200 Monarch of Arizona m
200 Sterling O & D Co 1 32H
300 Sterling O & D Co. b S 1 32^
Afternoon Session.
Board—
W Buckhorn 3 go
2M) Home Oil j 95
1000 Cala-Standard 35
6 Kern River 19 87W
600 Sterling O & D Co 1 30
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 2S, £00 Gould & Curry 34
10O Best & Belcher. 17 ICO Ophlr «
2<X> Caledonia 4S' 100 Sierra Nevada. 32
100 Challenge 22 500 Yellow Jacket.. 20
100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 l
Afternoon Session.
300 Challenge 21 100 Ophlr 43
1000 Chollar JO »00 Overman u
100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 WO Sierra Nevada S3
100 Crown Point.... 13 fOO St Louis 12
200 Gould ,& Curry. 35 100 Union Con 20
100 Gould & Curry. 34
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher. 28 300 Gould & Curry. 35
200 Caledonia ...... 48 20O Mexican 2S
70O Chollar 21 600 Sierra Nevada. 33
600 Gould & Curry. 34 1100 Yellow Jacket.. 21
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 09 1 !00 Overman n
800 Challenge Con. 20 200 Sierra Nevada. 33
200 Chollar 21 200 Silver Hill 40
1600 Gould & Curry. 35 300 Silver Hill J3
600 Mexican 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Sept. 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 03 04
Alta ;... 02 03 Kentuck — 01
Andes 0T 0t< Lady Wash — 03
Belcher ¦ . 10 11 Mexican 28 23
Best & Belcher. 2S 2S Occidental 03 H
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 43 49
Caledonia ...... 47 49 Overman 11 12
Chollar... 20 21 Potosi 19 21
Challenge Con.. 20 21 Savage OS 09
Confidence 64 67 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 23 1 30 Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02,SIerra Nevada. 33 34
Con N«w York. — 01 Silver HilL..... !7 33
Eureka -Con.,...' — 45!St Louis. ....... 1] —
Crown Point.... 12 - 13! Standard .3 90 —
Kxchequer ; — 02. Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 35 37|Union Con...... 19 20
Hale & Norcrs. 24 25|Utah 04 05
Julia ¦.."¦' — ¦ (HITellow Jacket.. *0 21
George W. Hitman to Mary J. Ilatinan. lot
on S line of Filbert street, •• 105 :0% W of Frank
lin, W 25 by B 137:6; elft.
Georee W. and Mary J. Hatman to Wllhel
mlna A. Pteele. lot on N line of Union street,
220 W of Franklin. W 60:9»i by N 137:6; gift.
Elizabeth M. and Charles C. Wilson to Henry
Mangels, lot on N line of Pace street. 131:3 W
of Clayton. W CO by N 137:6; $10.
James F. Ross to Sarah A. Ross, lot on S
line of Sacramento Btreet, 112:6 E of Maple, E
25 by S 132:7H; also lot on N line of Ellis
street. 60 E of Webster. E 31 by N 100; also
property outside of county; gift.
Edward J. Vogel to Bernard and Amllda Gaff
nev. lot on K line of Brosman street. 235 B of
Guerrero, E 20 by B 30; $10.
Jefferson and Anna Scannon to Mary C. and
Caroline Horhn, lot on S line of Valley street,
101:8 W of Diamond, W B0:ll by S 114: $10.
Giovanni and Louisa Talert or Tallerl to Pa
olo Barc-Jizt. lot on W line of Ohio street. 67:6
S of Broadway, S 20 by W 62; $10.
Bernard H. Lucke to Marie E, Lucke (wife),
lot on NE corner of Oreen and Powell streets,
E 70 by N 137:6; gift.
Estate of Constance Kreuser (by Joseph E.
Artisucs. executor) to Edward Rowland, lot on
S line of Union street, 69:2 B of Jones. E 22:6
by 6 120: WOO.
William II.. Thomas J. and Maggie O. Horan
to I>Miis E. and Rose Berton. lot on NW llha
of Natoma street, 100 SW of Seventh, SW 23
by NW 75; $10.
John Carroll to Mary OXelll Carroll or Mary
Carroll or Mary E. Carroll, lot on SE line of
South Pnrk, 2«:6 NE of Third street and 197:6
NW of Brannan. NE 21:6 by SE f»7:6; Rift.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to George
anfl Annie C. f-herman. lot on NE corner of San
Bruno avenue (Nebraska street) and Twentieth
(Napa), N E0 by E 100; $10.
Georre E. and Mary A. Jewett to Frank H.
Harris, lot on FE corner of Tenth avenue and
N street, 8 IPO by E 32:6, quitclaim deed; J10.
Georrlna Mathe to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
D. Whltson to same, same, quitclaim deed;
$10.
J. W. and May Schouten to same, same, quit
claim deed; ftO.
Edith C. Sedsley, Edwin B. Mastlck and John
Kelso (trustees of the estate of Rosetta A.
Sed^eley to Joseph MCDermott. lot on W corner
of Fourth avenue and M street. SW 111:6. NW
105. NW 63, NE 36, SW 144, block 83, tide lands",
J12S0. k
Builders' Contracts.
St. Luke's Hcsplta.1 (owner) with CahlllA Hall
Elevator Company (contractors), architects J.
M. Curtis atid W. H. WUcox— Elevator work
for passenger elevator, etc.. In pavilion on lot
on W line of Valencia street. 529:3 B of Twenty
sixth. R 217:2U. SW 78:11%, W 382:3%. N 803:7*..
E 267:6%: J1795,
' Ban Francisco Settlement Association (own
ers) with A. Howklns (contractor), architect
Frank S. Van Trees— All work for alterations
and addition*. to a two-story, attic and base
ment brick building on lot on E line of Center
place, between North Park Lane and South
Park; J12.225.
The Haslett Warehouse Comrany. (owners)
with Thomas Butler (contractor), architects
Than) & Holmes — Brick, carpenter and mill
work, oalntlnjr. etc.. for alteration.* and addi
tions to a four-story and basement brick ware
house on RE corner of Filbert and Sansome
Rtreets, known as. Gilbert warehouse: J21SR. -
Mary Mells (owner) with Robert Trost (con
tractor), Architects Martens & CofTey— All work
except mantels, gras fixtures and shades for a
one-and-one-half-story frame building on 8
line of Oak street 73 E of Ashbury, E 25 by S
137 :C: $2712.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Continued from Pag 1 © Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
G. B. Hayward and. P. Ryan vs. XV
Fisher and W. H. Sieberst; G. McDonald
and M. McDonald vs. P. McKinnon and
M. McNeil; T. Foley and J. Condon vs.
A. McVlcker and T. Leach: J. Killlan and
R. Regie vs. T. Serres and E. White; J.
Lawless and M.»Joyce vs. D. Connelly arid
M. Basch; L. Waterman and E. McDon
ough.vs. D. J. Sheehan and E. Lynch; J.
Kirby and D. Ryan vs. E. Barry and M.
Kirby: J. Riordan and E. Curley va. J
Harlow and W. Maguire; JI. J. Kil^allon
and A. Hampton vs. J. White and J. Col
lins.
Following are the entries for the Sun
day handball contests at Ryan's handball
courts, 55S Howard street:
Handball at Ryan's.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of. certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott. hydrographer of tha
United States Geolorlcal Survey:
T Wharf. Austin >
W W Prlnsrle, Texas
C II KnaDD, Clnn
J F Jones. Texas
F Kelley, Merced
A L Snow & w. Stktn
G D Hall. Colleseville
R H Suthliff, Escalon
T R Hall, Cal
E Garrison & w. Ill
W Hewitt. Enclnal
L B Horkins, Omaha
W F McLane & w, LA
O Clausnltz & w, Mo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
GRAND HOTEL
E StUfel, Salt Lake |
E Drake & w, Portland
J A Henderson, Ls An
S R Fi-antr. Pa
Mrs J B Dobney.Wash
Dr C W Craven & d,
Riverside
W N Vllas & w, Texas
Mrs S M Aguerre & c,
Tucson
W 3 Nelson. N Y
F E Jordon & fm, Ariz
E W Baxter, Los Ang
O Scrlbner, Visalia
II J Blethers & w,
Seattle
B B Demlnpr. Auburn
C L L«kne & w. Cal
Mrs H G I^acey, Hanfd
A S Ixindgren, Chicago
¦\V W Healey, Panford
M Grick, Pac Grove
C G Burnett, Vancouvr
W A Weight. Sa.no
J II Gardiner. R Vista
Mrs A r> Cutts & d,
Marysvllle
W F Mazgard. Corning;
J F Armstrong, Cal
J Green, Lob 'Ang
A B Smith. Fresno
A Brownstfin, L Ang
E II Roth, Los Ang
II G Caudel, Coronado
W L Stolzenbach, O
H B Steuart. Ohio
A Jordehl, Eureka
T SavaKe, Los Angr
F Claire, Los An*
S B Gudon. Salinas
II B Norment, Va
E Mlchor. Colo Spgs
MrB R Y Campton, Cal
F D Frost, Paso Robls
W Brophy. Paso Robls
A Dlxon, Michigan
T McCaffery, Los Ang
M W Conklin^. L Ang
C W Tripon. Angels
W A White, Los Angr
B Ward, Los Ang
A W Maltby, Concord
O W Posey, Berkeley
B Howard. Berkeley
T B Bond. Lakeport
Dr KelloRs & w, Cal
S B Foster. Sacto
F M Oatman, Sacto
H A Joetro, Bakersfld
HOTEL AB.BIVAX,S.
x._
PALACE HOTEL.
J A Rice & w, Ls Gats
E G H McBride & w,
Pan Jose
E C Voorhels, Sutter
R L Welch. Colusa
W A Brewer, S Mateo
J W Anderson, St Ana
A"P Maplnnis, L Ang
F W Swanton, S Cruz
C Lewis. AlameJa
G J Miller. Pn Rafael
II Mulr Stanford
S A YallrrxT, Oakland
E L Boas. New York
O Gramm, Wyoming
f Fleishman. Ariz
R J Northam & w, Cal
W Lawrence & w, Colo
Dr T C Burnett & w,
• Stockton
Miss Burnett. Stocktn
F G Thompson & w,
Ppokane
W Chard, London
J H Flummer. Toronto
Miss Plummar, Toronto
\'- Hoch«tetter. Aus
Mrs C Maxwell, Ky
Miss M Maxwell. Ky
\V L Palmer. Mich
P Newmark. Los Ang
F O Finlayson, L Ang
W II Greer, Los Ang
S W Dorsey, N T
J E Wadham. S Diego
J A Gibson, Los Ang
C C Bennett, R«dlands
F Elchenbaur. Wash
J "W Hatneld & w, O
A P Hatneld, : Ohio
H-E Odell, U S N
Sir M Poster, England
M G Foster, England
J P Wilson & w, Bostn
Mrs S Pinchower, Cal
J W Barnes, Wash
C II Lymbery. N Y
A F Liebart, N Y
A II McKay, Log Ang
C Russell & w, N Y
F H Harvey, N Y
MIfs Harvey, N Y
W J Mlxter. Boston
O O Mixter, Boston
K C Berkeley, Minn
A E Livingston, Ogden
W F Freeman, London
J J Byrne. Los Ang
T R White. Pa
E S Churchill & w.
N/apa
Miss Churchill, N'apa
Miss D Churchill. Napa
L P dough. Pa
A W Berry, Lo S xag
NOTK— In th» above exposition of the t\£~*
the early moralns tides are (riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column give* the second tide nf
the*day. the third tlm» column the third tMe
and the last or right hand column gives the
lr.5t tld» of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometime* occurs. The heights
plven are !n addition to the 3oundlnss en the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference I? the mean of the lower low wnters.
The Attorney General showed that by
reason of the constitution the- Southern
Pacitic Company was forbidden to raise
Its rates which it had previously estab
lished for the purpose of competing with
a rival railroad, and that upon complaint
being made to the railroad company in
respect to the violation of the constitu
tional provision in question by the South
ern Pacific Company the Railroad
Commission, under its constitutional au
thority, had "heard and determined" the
questions thus presnted to it and that its
determination in the matter was not sub
ject to review by the courts.
Mr. Short on behalf of respondent fol
lowed. The argument was concluded on
behalf of the Kallroad Commission by
Judge Garber.
A study of the debates of those who framed
the constitution shows that from crude and
hastily conceived opinions there gradually devel
oped a plan which was finally molded Into shape
and designated the "Railroad Commission."
To this commission was committed the task
of compelling obedience by transportation com
panies to the law of the land, and to five it
power commensurate with Its high duty there
was drawn from the legislative power of the
State authority to make and establish rates
of transportation and to make sudh further
rules and regulations as they might deem ad
visable; while from the Judicial department
of the -t?tate was drawn the authority to "hear
and determine" complaints against railroad and
other transuortation companies. With a full
knowledge of the unusual and extraordinary
pjwer intended to be conferred upon this
tribunal, the people, by their votes, adopted
the constitution and thus the Railroad Com
mission took its plice among the governmental
powers of the State. From time to time the
power and authority of this commission were
questioned, and after a time these criticisms
ripened into a suit begun in the United States
Circuit Court in this city. The interest and
determination of the State In respect to this
suit were shown by the expenditure on the
part of the State of between tv>.<*n) and $50,000
in its prosecution. The result, however, was
disappointing, for, though" ably conducted on
behalf of the State, it never advanced beyond
the interesting stages of a preliminary Injunc
tion, and Its final determination did not appear
to be near at hand. In the present case, how
ever, the people have been more fortunate. AVith
an exr^ditlon unprecedented we have coma in
less than four months from the commencement of
our action with a Judgment in our favor in the
lower court which is to be to-day submitted
for tlnal review by this court. The issues here
are broad and deep and Involve not only the
pewer an.l authority of the Railroad Commis
sion, but the very life of that tribunal is at
stake, for if the contention of counsel for ap
pellant be correct, then may we as well strike
out from our constitution the provisions under
which the Railroad Commissioners perform
their functions.
Attorney General Ford, for the commis
sion, reviewed the history of the constitu
tional provisions in question and called
attention to the fact that th© Constitu
tional Convention of 1S79 had met pursuant
to a strong public desire that some ade
quate provision should be made for the
control and regulation of the great trans
portation companies of this State. He
showed that by an examination of the
constitutional debates it appeared that a
very considerable portion of the time of
the convention was taken up with a dis
cussion of the very questions presented In
the case at bar. Continuing, he said:
J. E. Foulds, representing the railroad
company, contended that the Railroad
Commission has no power to make an or
der such as it did in the case in question.
He 6tated that the order was of no force
or effect and at best should be taken only
as advisory to the court, which should
determine the justice of changes In the
rates of the railroad companies whenever
they were objectionable to the commis
sion.
The Fresno rate case was argued yes
terday before the Supreme Court on the
contempt proceedings brought by the At
torney General against Southern Pacific
officials for refusing to obey the mandate
of the lower court that the rate of fare
charged between San Francisco and
Fresno should be $3 75, to which sum It
was lowered from $5 95 In an attempt to
throttle competition.
Question Involved Is as to Whether
Board Has the Power to Com
pel the Corporation's
Obedience.
Endeavors to Enforce Rail
road Commission's
Strict Order.
FRESNO RATE
CASE HEARD IN
SUPREME COURT
Bri? Courtney Ford. Murchison. SItka.
1Mb Harriet G, Wayland. Grays Harbor.
Bohr C T Hill. Llndahl. Kodlak.
Schr Sailor Boy, Nielsen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
rciNT LOCOS, S«pt 7. 10 p m— Weather
hazy: wind NSV, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 4. lat 39 If. Ion 126 23 W— V S itmr Ro»e
crar.s. hence JVpt 3. for Nagasaki.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Chil bark Paciflco. from Port Blakeley.
for Antofasasta. at San Francisco Sept 7—
Sailed from Port Blakeley July «. Port Town
send July 10. with 5S0 M lumber, bound to An
t-.fasasta. On July 27 in lat 2<> N. Ion 125 W,
ha«l a very heavy gale from N to NE to E.
Carried away the foretopmast rifling and lost
the foretopmast with every thine attached; car
ried away Jibbonm and sprung the bowsprit,
throwing the vessel on beam ends and caus
ing her to leak. Had to throw overboard about
25 M lumber n get vessel on an even keel. Kept
off tot San Francisco on July 30 for repairs and
arrived Se^t 7.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 7— Schr U*
ile Vance, her.ee Aug 21.
FORT BRAGG-Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Noyo.
hen'>e Ft;-t 8.
PORT TOWN5END— Passed up Sept 7— Ot
ship Sirene. from Yokohama-
Sailed outward Sect 7— Stmr Doljhla. for
Skacuay.
Arrivpd SeDt 7— Schr Maweema. from Hono
lulu: Pr stmr Port Albert, from Nagasaki.
Passed up Sept 7 — Schr Maweema, from Hono
lulu. .
EUREKA— Arrived Sect 6-Stmr Sunol. hence
Sept 5.
Sailed Sept 7— Stmrs North Fork. Pomona.
South Coast and Sunol. for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 7— Schr Lottie Carson, from San
Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Columbia,
hence Sept 5; Nor stmr Tyr. from Vladivostok:
North Star.
Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Del Norte. for San Fran
° PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr
Alcatraz. for — .
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Sept 8— Chil bark
Altcar. from Port Townsend.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 7— BTctn N«w«
bpy, from Honolulu.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived S>r>t 7— Schr
Newferk. hence Sept 6; schr Mary Etta, henca
Sept 5.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept «— Stmr Dolphin, for
Skaguay. Sept 7— Stmr Utopia, for Skaguay.
Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Farallone. from Dyea.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK. Va— Sailed Sent «— Br stmr Emir.
for Manila.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept «— Br itmr Cam.
from Manila.
Sailed Sept S— Stmr Advance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Hudson, tor
New York.
TABLE BAY— Arrived Sept £-Br ship Glen
esslln. from Chemainus.
SHANGHAI— In port Sept S— Br ship Coonty
of Roxburgh, for Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Sailed Sept *— Br bark InTtr
clvde, for Cardiff.
A CAPULCO— Sailed Sept «— Stmr San Juan,
for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept *— Br itmr Warrt
moo. from Sydney.
IQnQUB- Arrived Bept «— Br ship Queen
Elizabeth, from Port Blakeley.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Sept 5— Br baric Conwar.
for Oregon.
Arrived Sept 6— V S itmr Warren. hrae«
Aug IS.
KOBE— Arrived Sopt I— Stmr Axtea, bene*
Auc 1«.
YOKOHAMA— Palled Au 11— XT 8 *trar Bo
lace, for Guam. Honolulu and San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Certetilan.
for Montreal.
MOVILLF— Sailed Sept T— Stmr Laarwrttan.
for New York: stmr Astoria, for New York;
both from Glassow.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Heels,
from Stettin: stmr Lady Armstronr. from
Etettln: stmr Burgemelster. from Shields.
BOSTON— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Ultonla. from
Liverpool: «mr New England, from Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Fuer»t
Bisman-k. from Hamburg-, for New Tork.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sent 7— Stmr Cm
btia. from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
LIZARD— Passed Set* 7— Stmr Bdgravla.
from New York, for Cherbourg.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.
Branch Hydrograprllo Office, V. 9. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
September 7. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. XJ. S. N.. In charge.
Time Bail.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 8.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Pan
Francisco Hay. Pub;ished by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf> About
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
13
"Valda," the sensational
story of court life at Peking,
begins in next Sunday's Call,
September 9.
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sett, full
:.5:4.>
...6:3
-.5:01 a
a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time!
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L. XV H XV L. XV H W|
8 ... 4:11 "0.3 10:55 ~s!s 4:31 iTij 10:31 i.t
9 ... 4:65 0.7 11:30 6.4 5:20 0.7 11:49 5.4
10 ... £:35 1.1 12:05 5.6! 6.00 0.4! I
H XV) IL TV) )H W! JL W|
11 ... O:46f S.il «:14! 1.51 12:43 R.7! «W 0.2
12 ... 1:46 4.91 «:57| 2.0| 1:24* 5.7 7:SS( 0.2
13 ... 2:Slf 4.5 7:4l| 2.5| 2:08! 5.6* 9:02! 0.:
14 ... 4:031 4.2 8:35 S.Ol $:M! 5.51 10:14! 0.2
Steamer. I Prom.
From
f Due.
Due.
Corona San Diesro
North Fork Humholdt
Pomojka ITumboMt
Oak Branch ... Portland
Matteawan Tacoms
City of Puebla.jVtcijfia
Aroata ICoot Rav
_i
..Sep. S
..Sep. 8
.JS*p. 9
..|S«p. 8
..Sep. 9
..jSep. J
..'t«en. 9
Wellington ....[Oyster Harbor
Pan Mateo JNanalmo
Bonlta [Nevrport
Australia j Honolulu
I&qua (Newport
New burr 'Grays Harbor
Mackinaw [Seattle
Eureka ,. I Humboldt
Del Norte Portland
Columbia I Portland
Santa Rosa ISan Plego
Cre»cer.t City.. [Crescent City
Coos Bay [Newport
X'ppon Maru.. [China and Japan
Walla Walla ..Victoria
..|Sep. 10
..JSep. W
..Sep. lft
..Sep. 11
..Pep. 11
..(Sep. 11
..|3ep. It
...Sep. 11
..iBep. 12
..Sep. 12
.JS^p. 12
..(Sep. 13
..Pep. »
..jSep.14
..ISep. li
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pl«r.
r
Acapulco ..fNewTork Sep. g, 12 m PMS3
L'mattlla ..Victoria Sep. 8. 11 am Pier 9
Cooa Bay.. 'Newport '5-ep. *. 9am Pier II
Ocxjullle R. Grays HarborlSep. 8 1
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 8. 10am|Pler 13
Czarina ...Seattle [Sep. 9, 10am|Pler 8
State of CallPortland |5ep. 10. Uam:Pter24
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 10. I pmiPler 2
Corona ISan Dietro !Sep. 10. llamipierll
Pomona ...,'Humboldt ISep. 10. 2pm!Pier 9
Xortfc Fork|Humbo!dt ISep. 11. » am' Pier 2
Arcata ....[Coos Bay [Sep. 12. 12m[Pierl3
Eonlta (Newport !Sep. 12. Sam- Pier 11
Eureka ....|Humboldt (Sep. 12. 10 amjPler 13
City Puebla'Vlc & Pert Sd'Pen. 13. 11 anvPter 9
laq'ua (HumboMt ISep. 13, 5 pm I Pier 2
poric IChlna&JapanlSep. H. 1 pm PMSS
Del NortclPortland iSep. 14
Santa TtosalSan DIpro jSep. 14, 11 am Pier 11
Newbun? ..iGrays HarborjSep. 14 1
Columbia ..|Portland ISep. 15. 11 amIPlsr 24
SACRAMEXTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRT.
I Second Feet.
DATE. I , :
1S99. 1900.
August 16 39S0 SJW5
August 27 39S0 3S05
August 28 3980 3806
August 29 S9S0 JS05
August 30 3980 S805
August 31 33S0 2505
September 1 3980 3805
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
I Second Feet.
DATE. — ,
1899. 1900.
August 26 90 70
August 27 90 SO
August 2S 90 50
August 29 90 SO
August 30 130 50
August 31 90 70
September 1 90 SO
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT I^A ORANGE.
I Second Feet. I I
DATE. 1 (Mn'jrCo. Total
1893. 1900. Canal. 19C0.
Ausruft 28 109 7 12 19
August 27 83 7 1J 19
August 28 69 1 12 19
August 29 69 U 12
August 30 S3 12 13
Aupust 30 69 1J «
September 1.. 69 12 12
SAX JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERXDON.
Second Feet.
DATE. ,
1S99. 1900.
August W 2S0 130
AutruMt 27 2S0 130
August 23 2S0 130
AuKUPt :? 250 130
August 30 250 130
August 31 2S0 120
September 1. 220 130
KIXGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN'.
I 1S99. I 1900.
August 28 2«5 £55
August 27 2S3 2S3
August 23 2S5 2S5
August 29 2SS 2S5
August 30 2$o 230
August 31 2oO 230
September 1. 230 285
SACRAMEXTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRT.
I Second Feet.
DATE. I , :
1S99. 1900.
August 16 39S0 SJW5
August 27 39S0 3S05
August 28 3980 3806
August 29 S9S0 JS05
August 30 3980 S805
August 31 33S0 2505
September 1 3980 3805
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
I Second Feet.
DATE. — ,
1899. 1900.
August 26 90 70
August 27 90 SO
August 2S 90 50
August 29 90 SO
August 30 130 50
August 31 90 70
September 1 90 SO
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT I^A ORANGE.
I Second Feet. I I
DATE. 1 (Mn'jrCo. Total
1893. 1900. Canal. 19C0.
Ausruft 28 109 7 12 19
August 27 83 7 1J 19
August 28 69 1 12 19
August 29 69 U 12
August 30 S3 12 13
Aupust 30 69 1J «
September 1.. 69 12 12
SAX JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERXDON.
Second Feet.
DATE. ,
1S99. 1900.
August W 2S0 130
AutruMt 27 2S0 130
August 23 2S0 130
AuKUPt :? 250 130
August 30 250 130
August 31 2S0 120
September 1. 220 130
KIXGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN'.
I 1S99. I 1900.
August 28 2«5 £55
August 27 2S3 2S3
August 23 2S5 2S5
August 29 2SS 2S5
August 30 2$o 230
August 31 2oO 230
September 1. 230 285
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pl«r.
r
Acapulco ..fNewTork Sep. g, 12 m PMS3
L'mattlla ..Victoria Sep. 8. 11 am Pier 9
Cooa Bay.. 'Newport '5-ep. *. 9am Pier II
Ocxjullle R. Grays HarborlSep. 8 1
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 8. 10am|Pler 13
Czarina ...Seattle [Sep. 9, 10am|Pler 8
State of CallPortland |5ep. 10. Uam:Pter24
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 10. I pmiPler 2
Corona ISan Dietro !Sep. 10. llamipierll
Pomona ...,'Humboldt ISep. 10. 2pm!Pier 9
Xortfc Fork|Humbo!dt ISep. 11. » am' Pier 2
Arcata ....[Coos Bay [Sep. 12. 12m[Pierl3
Eonlta (Newport !Sep. 12. Sam- Pier 11
Eureka ....|Humboldt (Sep. 12. 10 amjPler 13
City Puebla'Vlc & Pert Sd'Pen. 13. 11 anvPter 9
laq'ua (HumboMt ISep. 13, 5 pm I Pier 2
poric IChlna&JapanlSep. H. 1 pm PMSS
Del NortclPortland iSep. 14
Santa TtosalSan DIpro jSep. 14, 11 am Pier 11
Newbun? ..iGrays HarborjSep. 14 1
Columbia ..|Portland ISep. 15. 11 amIPlsr 24
Steamer. I Prom.
From
f Due.
Due.
Corona San Diesro
North Fork Humholdt
Pomojka ITumboMt
Oak Branch ... Portland
Matteawan Tacoms
City of Puebla.jVtcijfia
Aroata ICoot Rav
_i
..Sep. S
..Sep. 8
.JS*p. 9
..|S«p. 8
..Sep. 9
..jSep. J
..'t«en. 9
Wellington ....[Oyster Harbor
Pan Mateo JNanalmo
Bonlta [Nevrport
Australia j Honolulu
I&qua (Newport
New burr 'Grays Harbor
Mackinaw [Seattle
Eureka ,. I Humboldt
Del Norte Portland
Columbia I Portland
Santa Rosa ISan Plego
Cre»cer.t City.. [Crescent City
Coos Bay [Newport
X'ppon Maru.. [China and Japan
Walla Walla ..Victoria
..|Sep. 10
..JSep. W
..Sep. lft
..Sep. 11
..Pep. 11
..(Sep. 11
..|3ep. It
...Sep. 11
..iBep. 12
..Sep. 12
.JS^p. 12
..(Sep. 13
..Pep. »
..jSep.14
..ISep. li
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sett, full
:.5:4.>
...6:3
-.5:01 a
a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time!
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L. XV H XV L. XV H W|
8 ... 4:11 "0.3 10:55 ~s!s 4:31 iTij 10:31 i.t
9 ... 4:65 0.7 11:30 6.4 5:20 0.7 11:49 5.4
10 ... £:35 1.1 12:05 5.6! 6.00 0.4! I
H XV) IL TV) )H W! JL W|
11 ... O:46f S.il «:14! 1.51 12:43 R.7! «W 0.2
12 ... 1:46 4.91 «:57| 2.0| 1:24* 5.7 7:SS( 0.2
13 ... 2:Slf 4.5 7:4l| 2.5| 2:08! 5.6* 9:02! 0.:
14 ... 4:031 4.2 8:35 S.Ol $:M! 5.51 10:14! 0.2
HOOMS TO LET Fnrn. nnd I'nfnrn. I
GEARY, 1137, between Van Ness and Franklin—
Sunny newly furnished rooms, en suite or sln-
gle; hot and cold water.
GRAKD SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mmsion *ts. — Sunny rooms, en euite or
elngle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave., II (The Wellington)— E^caTHly
fu-Ti. tunny roonw: by day, v.-eelt or month.
HARRIET. 40. bet. 6th and 7th— A large fur-
nisrhej front room; rent reasonable.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant euites; single: tran-
sient; batht. MRS. K1NHJ. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD d-Boonn from Jl week up to *5;
2;c to Jl Right: aJeo housekeeping room*.
HOWARD, 88S, cor. tth— Orlando House— New
ma:ia?r<*rnrnt; furnished fnis. ; suites or single.
HYDE SC C — 4 completely fumiFhed rooms dur-
ing celebration; separate entrance; housekpg.
HYDE. 4(*— Sunr.y front parlor, suitable for 3;
c'.so sir.gle rooms by the &&y\
jnr-SIE. 2S9. opposite Emporium- Accommoda-
tion Tor 12 visitors durinp the celebration In
private family; terms reasonable.
JF.J-SIE. 2C3. nrar Fifth and llarket— Newly
furnished rooms, K> and up.
LAS PALMAS. 1S3) Market St.— Suite of 2 or S
rms.; private; bath; sin, rms; board optional.
j MINNA. 140— Nicely furniahed gunny room*.
MINNA. 614^-Nlcply furnished sunny front dou-
bl? rooms: reasonable. I
i MISSION, 634— Furnished rooms for renU In
I private house; rent 15 and $6 per month.
1 MISSION. 7D3. near Fourth — Neatly furnl*h«d
rooms, day or week; block from Market *t.
' MISSION. 1339. near Ninth— Large furnlihed
mom. suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen^
I MISSION, 1641B— Sunny furnished single room
I for gentleman In private family.
1 NEW MONTOOMERY. lOo— 20 men to take sin-
; gle rooms; &V to $1 per week.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
office: elevator; electric light?; day. wk., mo.
O'FAHRELL, 2C4— Nicely furnished sunny
I room; modern Improvements; tel. Red 4363.
| O*FARRGUa T4-— Nlc?ly furnished sunny quiet
roomf. «>n eulte or single; gas, bath, phone.
P.OSEUALE llou.«=e. 319 and 321 Ellis st— Rooms,
r.ight 25c to tl. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
I ROYAL HOUSE. 12S ElllR 6t.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor: rooms, per night. 25c to $1 50; week. V
to Jg; month. $S to $20; elevator on office
floor; room* with hot and cold water; bath*.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Elshth Bt.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTYVELL. 121— Sunny furnished front room.
t3 50 per month.
SIXTH. 1*6— F irni«he<i ?unny rooms; single or
Fultes: also rooms for light housekeeping.
TAYLOR. Klrt— Newly furnished sunny front
room for 5, 115 per month : pa*, bath, etc.
~~ THE SOUTHERN
NICELY furnished and unfurnished rooms;
terms very reasonable. 4S8 Fifth st.
WKBSTER. «6— 2 or 2 unfurnished sunny front
rooms for light housekeeping; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Tall branch office. 1200 Flllmore *t.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO or three unfurnished housekeeping rooms,
north of Market; state price. Box 4066, Call.
IF you want to rent rooms during holidays call
i-rom €12. Examiner building.
SPECIAL, >OTICES.
NOTICE If hereby given that after June L
1500 I will not be responsible for any debte
contracted by the firm of A. CRAVIOTO |
arid O. PERAZZO, doing business at S45 Mc-
Allister st. L. MASSA.
PILES-PETER FREILINO'S die salve, U per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of hove long
standing. 16T8 Devlsadero st., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from J2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
j BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. S580.
I BEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
! ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th si.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145, 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL k!rd« bought, sold and repairing guaran-
terd Om« I'lambeck. 1915 Minsicn. nr. 13th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vais T*nth and Market; phone South 7C2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1S1G — Packing, moving and storage.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
fell bettc machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Tyi>ewrlter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. &. M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery *t.
NEW typewriter*. $5 down, J5 month payments.
REVALK. 40C» California ft.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DrvTDENlTVotice^DIvndMid~JCoT~19~iS0c per
6hare) cf the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st.. on and aft»r Wed-
nesday. September 12, 1900. Transfer books
close on Tuesday, September 4, 1500, at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. Jl, of seventy-
five cents <75c) per share on the issued capital
etock of the company has b*en declared, pay-
able at the office rf the company, 430 Cali-
fornia st, San Francisco, on September 12,
1S90. Transfer books close September £. 1900.
at nr-on. A. A. PPARTCS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
i PROPOSALS Invited— Bid* for providing and
I Installing a tewage pumping plant for the
i F«ii?om prison, prart'.cally conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the State Board of
Prison Directors nnd State Board of Exam-
iners, will be received by said respective
boards at the office of the Beard cf Exam-
iners in the State Capitol, Sacramento, Cal..
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6. 1900. at
which time they will be publicly opened. The
right to reject any or all bids is reserved.
I Copies of Fi»«-cificatlcns may be obtained from
the clerk of the board at Folsom prison.
Each hid must be accompanied by a eertl-
fierj check for 12000 drawn on seme bank of
good standing to the order of R. M. Fitzger-
! alii, prc-sldent State Board of Prison Dlrec-
! tors, which check Fhall be forfeited to the
State if the hid which accompanies such
cherk is accfMed and the party making the
[ bid refuse* to enter into a contract and exe-
cute a good and sufficient bond, payable to
the Str.te of California. In an amount to be
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors,
for the faithful performance of the contraet
awarded. By order cf the State Board of
Prison Directors.
r.KAINAnn V. FMITII. Clerk of the Board.
MABRIAGE LICEUS2S.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yc FTerday:
Harry D. Carr, 28. Bealcla, and Mussetta L.
Alley, ZZ. 224 Greenwich street. ,
Justin F. Ducray. IS. 413 Thirteenth street,
ani l>alsy A. Vounjj. 23. city.
Mofes M. Bernheim. 35, Nevada City, and
Belle Miiler. 24. Nevada City.
Iyiul? Johnson, 34. ?,2S Drumm street, and
Annie E. Stone, 23, 220 Drumm street.
| <".i (ir(!» A. Martin, 27. 112S Jackson street, and i
Clara T. Hamilton. 22. S6W California street.
Jinies L. Cc-j.cland, 23. L/ob Angeles, and Ade-
line Siirr.niT. 31, Los AncUes.
Michael J. Sheehan, 21, 23 Fifth street, and
Mary A. Procter. 21. Eureka.
Claus Glus-enp. 4S. 212 1 , Flxth street, and Mary
| Teaton. 3b. 212^i Sixth street.
Cliarlfs A. Westoott, 25, city, and Florence
de I^orivif-re. 23. city. , ¦ ,
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not b<» inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
»ons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
DE-17BLER— In thi* city. September ». 1900, to
the wife cf Cfjnrad I>eub:er, a daughter.
EASTMAN— In this city, September 2, 1900, to
the wife of E. F. Eastman, a daughter.
MARHIED.
BECKMANN— BECKMANN— In this city, Sep-
tember 5. 1900, by the ltev. Paul Branke. P.
W. I^ckmann ar.d Johanna 'Beckmann, both
of San Francisco.
D'AKCY-UL'CXHOrT-In this city, September
«. i:*K>, by the Kev. S. D. Huistnpiller, Charles ¦
D'Arcy *n J Lena BucUhout, both of San l
Francisco.
QARNIER— FRHUND— In this city, September
2. 1mX», l:y the Rev. L. C. Sanford. Ralph L.
Gamier and Bertha M. Kreund. «
RAMSAY— SENK— In Berkeley. September 6,
1V.0. by the B«T. F. W. nscher, Abram Milne
Rjimsiy and Carrie Alice Senk, both of.
Berkeley, Cal.
¦OTESSELL— Y EAGER— In this city, September |
4. liKfO, »t Central .Methodist Episcopal Church,
by the Rpv. S. D. HuulnpIIler, Fred Wessell i
and Lillian Yeager, both of fan Francisco. |
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I (. Steamers leava Broadway
>l»^ wharf. San Francisco:
C?y«w_ For Alaskan Port* — 11 a.
feJK?!i5sV ">¦• September S. 13. IS. 33,
r^M^Ov^^k 2 '- °' :t - 3 - to Cr>m-
rSC ?v-2S.'5^ Fa r >y'» steamers at Seattle.
ifc^w-lX 'A3 For Victoria. Vancouver
(H - C) 1>ort Townsend. Se-
r^SSft^S attle. Tacoma, Ever-tt. Ana-
"^""frral cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.)— 11 a. m.. September
S, 13. IS, 23. IS. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to thi* com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— J p. m.. Sep-
tember 10. 15. 20. 25. «0. Oct. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayn-
co«. Port Harford iSan Luis Oblspo). Oaviota,
Sant.% Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Loa Angeie*) and Newport—*
a. m.. September ». 12. 1«. 20. 24. 2S, Oct. 3.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Piego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Ang»lea and Redondo (Los Angeles)— U
a. m.. September «. 10. 14. 18. 22. 28. 30, Oct.
4, ar.d every fourth day thereafter.
For En«enada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Caho. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymaa (Mexico)— 10 a. m., Tth of each
month.
For further Information obtain* company**
folders.
The company reserves the right to char.g*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Affentm.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
W 0. R. & N. HO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F > OR. r x i r_.^.isrxD
Froni Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CX DC $12 First Cla*s •n.iuding Berth
VHi\'. $3 Second Class and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sail*
Sept. 10. 20. *•>
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 5. 15. 25. Oct. ¦
Short lino to Walla Walla. Sr>okane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD, General Agent.
<30 Market at.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISH1
STEAMERS WTLL LEAVE WHARF. CDR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kabe fHlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
, connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In.
dla. etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. Seotember tJ, ISO*
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 19Of
SS^ HONGKONO MARU Tues.. Nov. 13, 13C«
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fot
freight and passage apply at company's o£Jc«,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agant.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITZW TOES. SOCTaiMPTOR LOND0S. TMXTX
Stopping at Cherbourg, wstbouni
From New Tork Every We<*nesday, K) a. m.
New Tork. Eept. 13'Newr York Oct. It
St. Paul S»pt. K St. Paul Oct. 11
St. Louis Oct. 3 St. Louis Oct. to
RFD STAR LINE.
New York *nd Antwerp.
Prom New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Sept. U'Southwark Oct. II
Noortiland Sept. 2S| We»ternland Oet. 11
Fries! and Oct. 3. Kensington Oqt. 2t
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery Street.
•JOMPAGTIS G£NTBAT.B TEANSATLASTlqrjI.
niRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. **>+*'
Sallln? every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, from November ?. H39. at -^rvr*
11 a. rr... from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA ERETAONE. Sept. 13- LA
LORRAINK. Sept. 10; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept.
27; LA TOURAINE. Oct. 4. First class to
Ha,vre. $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. tX> and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trtp. GENERAL AGKNTT FOR
TTXITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZr
ft CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Montgomery
avenue. San Franclsca .v
Oceaxic s. s. co.— noNotinxj, apia
AUCKLAND A>"D SYU>EY.
8. 3. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Sept. 19. 1 p. in.
5. S. MOAN'A (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3. » p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agtj.. 843 Market St
Pkr 7. Foot Pacifr: SL Freight Office. 327 Marfcrt St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FG3 U.S. HAVY YARD AND YAILEJO.
Steamer "Mantlcallo.**
HON.. Tutu., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 3:30 p. m. (ex. Tfturs. nignt); Fri-
days. 1 P. rn. and 3:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., *.
p. in* Landinc and office. Minion-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE SCe.
WfiellfCalULOOirtsi
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA DEAL ESTATE.
3ACGAXX8 in improved nnd unimproved AJa-
::.r£*. iwal estate In all parts or AUmeda on
easy i.rr::i. Alnmeda l^ar.d Company, 1J00
: ..r* rt£ .Msvr.rda; ."o Post ft., San Francisco.
ISEKKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
irEtADQUARTERS FOR ~ 11
BEST IKHKELITY BARGAINS.
.*:;¦«¦-- CcmXorubla bone, 4 moms, bath aM
fcatf.roe:st; nice gar-ien end orchard; barn; lot
: x.:".^. surrouncied by good hcn.es. school
churebea *-.'i stores; within 2 block* of 2 Bta-
Ucue an '. I tlectrlc lines; easy terms.
•S— Ocod house 6 rooms, bath, basement,
on iiaenrtiLrr.ized street, convenient to
A>h'jy ruu'.on snd electric cars; easy terras.
Bee th»*e new cottasres; 6 fine room*.
i>a;h, re r try. etc; lot 40xl'X>; all latest Im-
mem*.
Two choice bunralow canapes, entirely
-.• v.. .". ;,;.,! € rooms each; both on Grove-st. car
';-.•:>¦ :.r'.th..; an<3 embody all the latest ira-
hr i-ement* tat beactr s.n<i convenience; terms
to euH. H. D, IKWiN', railroad waiting room,
Lortp nation; cpen Sundays.
tWO O CASH, balance ;:0 per month; fine 3-
room coct&f* In rood < rder; rood veil and
¦ • : '•: water If desired; all sewered; a
f-*w fruit trpes. W. C. MOHAN.
50 CASH, balance- $10 per month: corner;
it « 'J.10O; all *e»«T«J; hard finished; 4-room
r trace: all j>ai*ertd; 3 blocks to station. \Y.
C. MORAS.
. - >11E trns house; cost tlf« to b'jlll; lot
• rth K00; only JI00 cash, balance SIT per
: ::ih; T roorrs. W. C. MORAN.
POOfr-tlM 'CASH. balance~$» per month; new
£ ana € room cot tag es; i Mocks to train;
f'if-rtric cars jiaes the donr; tiled sink; poree-
isJn bath: tire mantel; ffas fixture*!, etc. W.
' C. MOilAN. Lcrin station. Berkeley.
I-HOOM house; 2 blocks from station; (rood
v. ir.iinill. tank an1 •well; fruit trees and *a.r-
<i-n; let 4^x31:.; fenced; a barfraln; price fllOO:
110ft down, balance In monthly payments of
$12 o>> r>T month. Take n»rkf-!ey train, get oft
at Iorir. and ask for RUDOLPH. TERKINS
ic L\ON.
NEW hovse of 6 rooms, patent closeta. bath
and i.jjntry; net ar-1 cild water; lot 50x150;
concrete sidewalks: jUit 1 block frcm station,
school or stores; price fKO>;>; small payment
down and l^alcnce to suit purchaser.
RUDOLPH. TERKINS & LTON.
Lorin Station. Berkeley.
ALTA PCXTA TRACT— San Patio ave., 2
miles north <:,f Berkeley; Jiro to J250 per acre,
lota |60 la 5130 each: $5 a month; call for
' KMfm. O. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St., S.F.
SArt :nve*trr<ent for !7"fO: bl<x-k of land favor-
ab!y "ccRted nmr ccmir.gr Santa Fe Railroad.
P:-rt:-»:ar.-- riV!IXM^TT. P16 Market St.. S.F.
l-IinmiiADVERTISEMENTS
FmiTVALE BEAL ESTATE.
CHICKEN ranch of 2 or 4 acres, with build-
Iracs ar.d outhouses, for rale cheap. Call at
Hermitage. Upper Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ChF.CE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND , REAJ< Es T ATE.
XK\r ........ 7!Z.». 7^
HOMES ""
FOR "
6ALE „..
NEW
HOMES "'/
FOB '.
6ALE
NEW
HOME8
FOR
SALE
ICW 11500
THE PATMENTS are J500 to tlOW down, bal-
mce m rr.onga«e at bank Interest, will buy a
horr.e on T<->graph ave '.
THIS Ni.:UiHBORHOOD ls acknowledged to
be THE BEST IN OAKLAND
THE HOUSE 1* finished in herdwood oak
r.ni contains 7 rooms, b^ik laundry and clos-
¦ . limbing is tjf&ien nickel
eaatUttiag of three bas.^/ tw« toilet*, porce-
lain baih nr.d wash tray*
nAf FIXTURES cf the latest pattern
BEAM CEILING and brick mantel in the
larpe. eorr.maiio-s <I!n!n«;-room
THE LOT is 40x135 feet. On tfc« west side
Df Ttrlf.' ai'h ave. S«end or call at our offlc« i
Tor further information on this or othT places. '
A. J. ENTDER & CO.,
;>*: Estate.
t <S7 Ninth *t-. Oakland.
a SAcr.iricc
A SACRIFICE.
A SACRIFICE.
A -SACRIFICE.
? acre* east of Frultvale: 4 block* of electric '
f.ai>: Bncst soil In the State; land worth J4900; i
Dver RIM worth of new improvement* thre«
month* oM; we offer it all for J2100; cheap at
c iui :e t;.o trice; only JTCO ca»h: balance at 7!
per cent; wealthy owner recently planned for i
* hom«; corr.r<01ed to go away at onoe; time
limited; ee* to-day; a ilck-up.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4O-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
OAKXAXD FIKXITIRB FOR SALE.
AN Ir.tr'ylucticn to you from H. Schellhaas. the
fi-T. ¦•-•* >»>r. litS and Franklin. Oakland.
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
fCALIFORNIA, *32, ne^^o^r^i^He^anTTur^
r.iFhed parlor suite, with ro-_>ra for housekeep-
tng. *as to 540; other housekeeping rooms.
C APP, 2.1—2 large unfurnished sunny rooms to
a quiet ramiiy without children.
EDDY. 473— Larmre sunny room; double bed and
couch: clot^> - ». fu.-, water.
FIFTH, RS3-S furnished houEekeerln*; rooms,
514; 2 Turn, hkpg.. UP; single bed rms.. $4. 15.
IJAF.P.IKT. 3. eft* Howard, near Sixth— Two
furaUbed housekeepir-K rooms.
JIARR1SON. 731, nr. Third-3 rcxims; complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent J13.
HOWARD. S40 — Three rooms furnished for
housekeepiri*;, Ji; also el ngle rooms; reasonbl.
lAHKWY. SO— 4 large rootas to let; bath and
laundry. /
MAKKET. 1OZH— Large light room and kitchen.
furnished; tolling bed; gas; $19 a month.
JCOE, 1^3—3 or 4 ver>' sunny rooms; lower cor.
f.at; pa* range; grate; bath; J12; north Mkt.
foLK. 6K— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap.
POLK. IliTt' TflritT sunny room and use of kitch-
en. J10; all conveniences.
POST. 963— Sunny housekeeping suites. 112 and
upward; pas range; water; eingU rms. $7. U-
POWELL. 1401—3 or 4 large «ur.r.y connecting
roome for housekeeping; sink, gae, bath.
STOCKTON. 603 — Nice sunny furnished rooms
eincle and en suite, with or without board;
alfo light housekeeping.
6rX.VXy-EP.OOK House, NE. cor. Gough.
Market and Ha'.ght— Furnished rooms to let by
day, week or month; also housekeeping; en-
trance 5 Gourh et^
EtTTEIl. *.ii — 3 d<-£:rable fumished room* for
housfkeejln*;; rea*onable. ,.•
P'HIBTEEKTH. ». near Valencia-1 largre
front room complete for housekeeping; alss
rmall room. . '.-.
VAN NI>S a\-»., *?1 A — Sunny unfurnished
rocrr.s fcr light houFekeepin*:.
VAN SCES8, W0— I vell-turnlsbed connecting
funny ro;:r..«; tubs; lar/te yard and parden.
CLAFKIFTED a<Ivprt!*«nent» and subscriptions
. r*><e:v<-<i «i Cfcll branch offlce. 21' M Fillmore at.
A I'.liANCil efnee for Call advertisement* and
eabscriVtioBM has been established at 1096
Vel"nr;a rt-
noUMS TO LET— Forn. and I'nfnrn.
X^lInrNSV.'lCK HOUSC, 14* Sixth— Room*
•ic 10 fl per nigbt. SI S to tZ per week, and
lisht tiouiw-keciiins: cr*n all night.
APAKTMENTS. Kindle, i-ulte; furnished; rea
eor.able. St. James, cor. McAllister &. Laguna.
jifONKlT. 142* MarKtt <cld No. 1364)— Fur-
nlrhed rnie.. ruitte. single; al*o unfurnished.
BL'fH. £20 (The E11O— Chanced hands, newly
r+uovated. nic«I>" f urn. sunny rms.. Jl 50 to 17
week: Zx to tl M nitrht. MRS. P. RANFT.
CAlJF<fi'.MA, 822, n»ar Powell — Klegant fur-
n'f-:i(vi parlor *ulte, w^ith room for house-
k»V;nn!r.'t3S to ;«1.
CASTRO, Ell— noautiful furnished rooms (2).
SS; <~arti i»asn ti>e door. ¦
CUJTOBJ), VA Ellis,' ecr. Mason— Elegantly
(umltitti sunny rofjrr.s; prices reasonable.
I>F:viSAl>!nRO. 1S2^— Sunny bay-window front
room; alto other rooms; newjy furnished.
J-r>l»y, Jis — 3 or 4 unfurnished tunny room*;
"*¦ ¦ • r.!*-nce*; fine location; private residence.
ELEOANT «3nnjr rooms, single and en suite;
fUpTior table. AJmora, ilteeion and 20th Bta.
ELLIR. C». corner I.srkln— fusny front room;
dou'jJc L*<1; br day, -Kt*k or month.
rXLIF, 732 — Nicely furnished med <..1ri-»:z«d
ror-ra: prate, cJo»«rt. l)ath,v<r«»; reaeonable. \
F-irTH. 303— Viettors to the ?V*vy will find nice-
ly furnUhed rooaa suitable for 2 or more. J
\ * DIED.
Aifcerjra, Joelln B. Kenny, Hanorah M.
Andrade. Raul Kingsbury, Kate
liiagini, Antoinetta "Lewllyn, Caroline
Burke. Joseph 1L Malley, Margaret
Coir. Mary A. Malhewa, Mrs. Mary
Crt'sett. Alfonzo A. O'Connor, John I*.
Darcey, Annie Olsen, Tobias
Duggan, Grace T. Ploornzar. JoseDh
llynn. Margaret A. Ktdgley. Elizabeth
Grteu. Olivia _ Riordan. John H.
Hampshire. Ella | Schmitz. Louisa
llanley, John J. Slaven, James E.
Hairigan, Florence Thompson, Joseph E.
Hlpklng, Jessie C. Voes, John Jr.
Johnson, Annie C. M. Voy. Amelia de B. -
Johnson, Mary Waugh, Lorenzo
ALBERGA— August 23, 1900. drowned In the
bay, Joslln B.. beloved son of G. B. and the
late Ar.nlo Elizabeth Alberpa. and brother cf
Octavla, Freddie N., Aurelius P. and Herbert
Alberga, a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years 1 month and 22 days.
Ip" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tj-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, frcm the parlora of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment private.
ANDRADE— In this city, September 7, 1900,
Ilaui Andrade. beloved son of Patrick) and
Raquel Andrade.
BIAGINI— In this city. September 5, 1900, An-
toinetta lii .-jeinl. beloved wife of Zefflro Bia- !
gltil. beloved mother of Beatrice, Irene, Ethel ,
Pearly and Antoinetta Blaglni, beloved daugh-
¦ ter of Florlndo and Rosa B.arini. and sister
Of Joseph. James, Adeline, Frank and Emma
Blaglni, a native of Ban FranciBCO, aged 31
years 11 months and IS days.
E7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
denoe, 4 Edith place, between Lombard and
Greenwich streets, off Dupont. Interment
New Italian Cemetery. San Mateo County.
BURKE— In this city. September 6, 1900. Joseph
M., eldest and dearly beloved son of Michael
and Kate Burke, and brother of George
Burke. Mrs. C. V. Hatneld, the late Mary A.
and Llllle L. Burke and Mrs. George Aubertln.
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 4
months and 24 days.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 252 Harriet street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CORR— In this city. September 6. 1900, Mary A.,
beloved wife of Frank Corr. mother of Nellie,
Frances Varney and Josephine Corr, and niece
of Owen and Mrs v John Quinn and the late
Margaret Quinn, a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, ased 3S' years.
in?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, £30 Point Lobos avenue, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where services will b« cele-
brated for the repose of her *ouL Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery.
CROSETT— In this city. September 7. 1900, Al-
fonzo A., husband of Lyda Dibble Crosett,
father of Napier Mearns and Rix Dibble. Cro-
sett. son of Elizabeth D. and the late James
L. Crosett, and brother of Mrs. H. D. Ran-
lett and James F. and Edward F. Crosett, a
native of Boston, Ma?s., aged 50 years 8
months and 9 days. (Grass Valley, Cal., pa-
pers please copy.)
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock*." at the
Third Congregational Church. Fifteenth
street, between Mission and Valencia. Inter-
ment private.
DARCY— In this city, September 6, 1900. Annie,
beloved daughter of William and Catherine
Darcy, and grandchild of Mrs. Catherine
O'Neill, a native of San Francisco, aged i
months.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, €21 Second street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUGGAN— In this city, September 6, 1900, Grace
T. Diiggan, beloved daughter of Philip H.
IXiggan, dearly beloved and only sister of
Mrs. Edward C. Lasswell, and dearly beloved
niece of Mrs. Walter Gallagher end Mrs. H.
L. de Vaull. a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years and 2C days.
(jf7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. Ruhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment private.
FLYNN— In this city, September 7, 1000, Mar-
garet A., beloved daughter of John and the
late iSridget Flynn. and Ulster of John, James.
William and Martin J. Flynn, a native ot San
Francisco, anefl 2i years.
C7 1 Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
der.ee 131 Fairmount street, thence to St.
Paul"s Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
i GREEN*— In this city. September 6. 1910. Olivia
Green, beloved mother of Junlta Green, and
niece of Mrs. Georgina Landres. a native of
St Andrews Parish. Kingston, Jamaica, West
Indie?, aged 42 years.
[u7"Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Bethel A. M. E.
Church, Powell street. bHwcn Pacific and
Jackson. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the California Un-
dertaKlng Company, 405 Powell street, near
Pott.
HAMPSHIRE— In this city, September 6. 1900,
Ella, wife of George Hampshire, mother of
Ge.,rse T., Walter. William, Elmer, Irene,
Lester and Vernie Hampshire and Mrs. Wil-
liam Kerrigan, daughter of Mrs. J. E. Downer
of Browns Valley, and sister of E. M. and
John Downer of Pinole. Nathaniel Holmes of
Pan Francisco and Mrs. J. Nolo Miller of
Golden Gate, Oakland, asr<?d .43 years.
CyFriends nni acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), pt 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Hiili-ted & Co., 046 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
HANLEY— In th!n city. September 7. 13C0, John
J., beloved husband of Catherine Hanley,
father of Josie. Parah, Esteile, Maggie, Ed-
ward and William Hanley and Mr*. Garrett
Hughes and brother of Thomas and Hugh
Hanley and Mrs. P. Mulhern, a native of
New York State, aged 47 years. (Santa Cruz
papers please copy.)
tnyFrienr!? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, frcm h!s late resi-
dence, 10 Harriet street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Chnrch for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetiry.
HARRIOAN— In this city. September 7, 1900,
Florence E., beloved daughter of George 'Vy.
and Bertha Harrlgan, and Bister of Georgie
J. HarrlKan, a native cf San Francisco, aged
6 months and 14 days.
-C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 1730 Hyde street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HIPKINS— In this city, September 7, 1000. Jes-
ele Carr. b^K>vtd daughter of Samuel J. and
Sarah R. Hlpkins, a native of New Zealand,
aged C years and 6 months.
JOHNSON— In this city, September 7, 1S0O,
Annie C. M. Johnson, daughter of the late
Peter and Mary Johnson, a native of San
Francisco, aged SO years 1 month and 2 days.
JOHNSON— In Golden Gate, Oakland, Septem-
ber 7, 1300. Mary, beloved wife of Captain
Gust Johnson, and mother of Albert, Carrie
and Willie Johnson, a native of Norway, aged
36 years 4 months and 10 days.
IT7Fr!end3 and acquaintances are reuppct-
fu!!y invited to attend the funeral services,
to-moirow (Sunday), at 2 o'cli>ck. at her late
residence, Bf.S Stanford avenue. Golden Gate,-
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme- [
tery.
KENNY— In this city, September 6, 1P00. Hano-
rah Mary, beloved daughter of Pitfrlck and
. Ellen Kenny, and Fist»r of Bartholomew,
Thomas and Catht rtne Kenny, a native of San
Francisco, asred 8 months and 12 days.
(CTThe funeral will take plaoe this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 2556 Greenwich street. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery. • ;
KINGSBURY— In this city, September 6. 1900,
Kate, beloved daughter. of Elizabeth and the
late Thomas P. Klngsbury, and sister of Elea-
nor KlngFbury. a native- of San Francisco,
aged 34 years 6 months and 29 days.
CC^l'Vienrtu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 14 Elgin park. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
LEWLLYN— In this city, September 5, 1900.
Caroline Lewllyn, a native of Scotland.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Funday). at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
HnlRted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Holy Crots Cemetery- • • i
MALLEY-ln San Rafael, September 5. 1900,
Margaret, dearly beloved daughter of Alice 1
and Tr-orcai" Malley. sister of John J., Patrick I
and C. J. Malley, Mrs. E. O'Dea and Mrs. J. I
J. Hughes, and niece of Mrs. John Bolger, a |
native of County Klldare, Ireland.
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew ft English. 4t Van Nesp avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATHEWS— In Berkeley. September 8, 1900.
Mrs. Mary D.. widow of the late Peter
Mo thews, a native of Drougheda, Ireland.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are invited to
attend the funeral this day (Saturday), at
10 o'cltck. from her late residence. San Pabl3
avenue and Rues-ill street, thence to St. Co-
lumbia's Church, where a solemn requiem
ma^s will be celebrated for the repose of her
¦ouL
O'CONNOR— In this city, at Bt. Mary's Hospl-
v tal. September 6. 1900. John P.. husband of
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
hU parents, 155 Douglass street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
VOY— In this city, September 7. 1900. Amelia
de Bow Voy, beloved wife .of tha late Wil-
liam H. Voy, and mother of Annie K.. Win-
field S.. Florence A., Charles H.. Do Witt C,
Edward L. and Genevleve M. Voy and Mrs.
E. M. Wood, a native of New York, aged 68
years 4 months and 2S days.
WAUGH— In Williams, September 5, 1900, Lo-
renzo Wauch, a native of Virginia, aged 92
years' and 7 days.
(CTFuneral services this day (Saturday), at
t o'clock, at the parlors of H. P. Peters-n &
Co., 228 McAllister street. Cremation at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, private. Please omit
flowers.
SLAVEN— In th© City and County Hospital.
September 7, 1900, James Ew Slaven, a native
of New York, aged 50 years.
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospital,
September 6, 1900, Joseph E. Thompson, a na-
tive of England, aired 60 years.
VOSS— In Fort Brajrgr. September 8, 1900. John
Voss Jr., youngest and beloved eon of John
and Mary Voss. and brother of Mr*. L. Gil-
bert, Mrs. H. Jensen, Mrs. D. Grosscop and
Fred Voss. a native of New York, ared 22
years 9 months and 3 days.
C7Funeral services will be held at St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street, this day (Saturday), at 1
o'clock. Friends are invited to attend.
SCHMITZ— In Tlburon. September 5. 1900, Lou-
isa Schmltz, beloved wife of Joseph Schmltz.
and mother of Mrs. Fred Falrchild and Jo-
seph and Arthur Schmltz, a native of New
York, aged 45 years and 7 months.
EI3*Frler.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, trom the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Uwn Cemetery.
PLOOMZAR— In this city. September 6, 1900,
Joseph Ploomzar, a native of Switzerland,
aged 47 years.
RIDGLEY— In Oakland, Sectetnber T. 1900,
Elizabeth Ridgley, a native of Washington.
IX C. aged S4 years.
RIORDAN— Entered into rest, September 7,
1900. at the age of 75 years. John H. Riordan,
father of Thomas D., Joseph and Mamie Rior-
dan and Mrs. W. W. Sanderson.
WILLIAM J. RILEY. Cor. Sec.
OL6EN— In this city. September 7. 1900, Tobias,
b*!oved husband of Irene Olsen. and father
of Mrs. L. A. Sabey and George E. and James
T. Olpen, a native of Chrlstiansand, Nonray,
aged 65 years 3 months and 23 days. (Chicago
and Honolulu papers please copy.)
Nora O'Connor, and father of Bessie O'Con-
nor., late of 261 Tehama street, ¦ a • native of
Umeraboy, parish of Rathmore, County Cork,
Ireland, aKed-45 years.
tnTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
tlicnce to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross . Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Golden Gate
Council No. 34, Y. M. I.— You are hereby no-
tified to attend the funeral of our late
brother, John P. O'Connor, from th« un-
dertaking parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.,
7«7 Mission street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 8
o'clock sharp. Fines for non-attendance.
L. F. GUEDET. President.
iihiNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher*.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHAL.MER3,
20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln Hchool.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
rCNERAL DIBECT0R3 AND EHB1LKER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rate*.Gains in. Deposits 5ro Ca!iforn5a an Last Fiscal
Year Amount to Nearly Twenty=Three
Million Dollars— Cash'.. in. Hand.
THE gains in deposits in the California banks since July 31, 1S99, amount
to the remarkable sum of $22,973X93 88. This unprecedented showing com
pletely refutes the ravings of the political calamity howlers who de
clare that the country is going to the dogs at a rapid rate., These fig
ures were compiled from statements made to the State Bank Commis
sioners, which showed the condition of all the banks at the close of busi
ness hours on August 11 last.* In California there are 2S7 banks of all kinds,
as follows: Savings, 53; commercial. 178; national, 37, and private, 19.
According to rt-ports made in The Call recently the greatest gain ha*
been among the savings banks, which are patronized by the working peo
ple, farmers and those in the well-to-do middle walks of life. The gain
among these banks amounted to millions, which, showed that the depositors
are now possessed of the full dinner pails and homes .freed, from mortgages.
In. the completed report of the Bank Commissioners It Is shown that "the
loans of the 287 banks on real estate amount to $1CS,O51.O9S 49. The money on
hand is $2S,709.761 71 and the money: due depositors amounts to the great sum
of J279.838.0S9 35. ..' . , -
A comparison- of this report with those of former years establishes the
fact that never in the history of California has there been such general pros
perity, which Is remarkable considering the dry year in the routhern part of
the State and the general drain on the pocketbooks of aJl classes of society
for the aid of the nation necessary through its recent war with Spain, the
rebellion In the Philippines and the.rresent troubles In 1 China.
Notice to Native Sons.
I Keep your baggage checks until you
reach San Francisco; you will save one
half in the transfer of your baggage.
One trunk (round trip), 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery— Oakland Ferry Depot,
C5Q Market street, 408 Taylor street. •
STATE'S PROSPERITY AS SHOWN
BY REPORTS OF THE BANKERS
Mrs. Botkin Downtown.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkln was tnken down
town to a dentist's yesterday by order of
Judge Cook. She appeared In better spir
its than usual, the result of her knowl
edge that a new trial will be ganted her.
A lAm-Committal Verdict.
The Jury summoned by Coroner Cole to
ascertain the cause of the death of Daniel
Harney, the 17-year-old boy who was
stabbed by Albert Lukes on September 3,
returned a verdict yesterday that Harney
came to his death "from a stab supposed
to have been inflicted by one Albert
Lukes."
Cohen I>enied a "Writ.
Judge Seawell has denied the petition of
Isadore C. Cohen for a writ of man
date to compel Auditor Wells to allow his
claim for $300. alleged to be due hfm as
salary for January and February 10<X) for
services rendered as Quarantine Officer
In the Divorce Court.
Anni.» D. Wndlcigh was granted a di
vorce from Charles "W. AVadleigh by
Judge Rahra yesterday on the ground of
failure to provide. Lucy E. Freeman has
been granted a divorce from Charles E.
Freeman on the around of desertion. Gar
nett Miller has secured a divorce from
Charles H. Miller on the ground of deser
tion. Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Frederick F. Rehn apainst Flor
ence Kehn for desertion and Clara Demek
against Albln Dompk for infidelity. Mar
garet N. Toboas was granted a divorce
from Dennis D. Toboas for cruelty.
Everybody Decorating.
American and bear na«-s. crepe paper
cut in ribbons, festooning, buntine.
shields and stars are the things used ami
are for sale by Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market street. *
"Out-of-a-Job" Man's Bad Luck.
A. F. Brondstredt is a bartrndcr out of
a Joh, and yesterday a saloon-keeper at
Kifth and Stevenson streets emajoyed him
to put up some decorations in rfferit of his
saloon. UronJstredt was standing on the
top of a stf-pladder and overbalanced him
self, fallinp to the sidewalk. He sustained
a compound fracture of both bones of the
risht lee. and was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the ambulance.
Superintendent Webster threw down the
gauntlet to the Board of Education yes
terday by announcing that he will imme
diately prooe-ed to formulate a plan of
riaFPiiiration. He proposes to refill the
tacar.t room* in the Grant School, pending
back to that school the pupils of the
grammar grades recently transferred to
the Pacific Heights School by the board.
He realizes that such action will precipi
tate a legal contest, but he sayjs he is
fully prepared for that. If the teachers
In charge of the classes refuse to serve
r. the Grant School Webster declares he
will recurv others who will.
WV-bpter jiJso I Ijin llKf n his intention to
rent outside rooms to accommodate pupils
n schools tiiat are now overcrowded, lie
rharacterizes the recent schedule of classi
ticf.tiun lf*suo<! by the board as being ab
folutely false and misleading. He asserts
that the- daaatficdXioa was arrived at by
takir.g' the number of pupils in attendance
at the various schools and dUMdinjj it by
Ihf number of classes. Whilo this method
of calculation • ould result in a low aver
age enrollrn- . . :; by no rm-iir.s* represents
th*- actual at.«;icance in some of the
rlorsoft. i«"Y,r »*ample. while the classili
:ation was returned it fourteen in the
Polytechnic High School some elnspos
have as high as forty pupils. AtraSn.
m hile the c-lj;spiS"!catk>r. is fixed by the
beard in ihe Bmerson School at fortv-two.
WEBSTER WILL
IGNORE BOARD'S
CLASSIFICATION
Declares He Will Relieve
Congestion in School
Rooms.
thorc are seven classes with more than
fifty pupils in each.
Th^se ligures were ascertained by Mr.
Webster in reports filed by principals dur
ing the la>t f<=w d;iys. In those reports it
is also shown that in most all the classes
tht-re are not enough desks to accommo
date the pupils. In some classes sixty pu
pils are enrolled and there are hut fifty
df-sk«.
Schools Are Overcrowded.
In the n<Tn;d Primary School the prin
cipal reports forty pupil-: enrolled in a
cl?..«s rontainins the fourth and -fifth
prades. and notes that "the pupils are
camriir.g in a room where there are twen
ty-two peats, and the rest sit on settees
ar.d benches." Other classes in the sam-»
school show 44 enrolled and 33 desks, and
47 enrolled and 45 desks. The Broadway
School, advanced eighth grade, shows 55
pupils, r>3 desks. Burnett School, advancc-<1
eighth grade, shows 43.47; fourth grade, 54,
f>2. Chinese School shows' first and sec
ond grades. :-». SI; first grade. 33, 33. Clem
ent shows, third grade. ?.o. 32. Cleveland
Primary shows r>»3, 50; 54, i>0; 4?, 46. Colum
bia Grammar shows GO, 55; 49. 40; 54, 50.
James Lick Grammar shows CC9 pupils en
rolled and CSS deFks.
Jefferson Primary has many more pupils
than desks. The John Rwett has Pt>4 pu
pils enrolled and [-22 d^sks. The Lafayette
Primary has 410 pupils enrolled and 400
desks. The Mission Grammar has 728 en
rolled and ~i»7 desks. The Xoe Valley 261
enrolled and 247 desks. Agasslz. 57" en
rolled and 50 t!<«ks; CO, 53; 57. 51; 56. 50;
47. 41; 68, 64; 58. 50; 62. E$; 55, 54: 48, 45; 48,
46; 43. 41; 47, 43. The E\erett School has
55. 53: *.2, ."*; 68, 54; 54. 50; 58. 54: 54, 50; 62.
50; 68. 50; 58. 51. In the Columbia School
nine pupils are without desks in one class
\\ c-i^ster declare that this is a flagrant
violation of the lav. which provides that
proper st-fitirig accommodations shall be
furnished for all pupils. Kor that reason
he will whore necessary rf-nt outside
classrooms where the schools lack ac
commodations. One report states that ap
plicant? ft,r the second, third, fourth and
fifth f.-rad«-s in the Agassiz School have
been refused admission since August 17.
Will Act Independently.
"I have been importuned." said Mr.
Webster, "by the parents of the pupils
of the r.mmmar grades who were trans
ferred lrom the Grant to the Pacific
Hrifthts School to restore them to the
Grant School and I propose to aid the cit
izt,-ns In tlv-ir efforts to get educational
advantage? from thi? administration. It
Is certain that I, as Superintendent of
School?, have the power to send back
those pupils to the school from which
they were transferred. This would involve
tlie principal, however, and 1 desire to
accomplish my purpose without causing
any burden to fall on the teachers. My
attorneyp are devising a plan to avoid
that unpleasant contingency. 1 can, how
ever, open the classrooms and then ask
the board to supply the necessary teach
ers. If it refuses to comply with my re
quest I have the power under the State
law to appoint ar.d assign teachers on my
own account.. I would then draw their sa - 1
ary warrants directly on the city treas
ury. Should the Auditor refuse to audit
and the Treasurer decline to pay because
the demands are not signed, by the board,
then a writ of mandate will be issued to
compel them to do so and an appeal made
to the State Superintendent of Schools
whose deeision.is finaJ.".
When Webster was Informed that
Chairman Mark had declared that he
would suspend any teacher or principal
who obeyed tho orders of the Superinten
dent the latter replied significantly:
"Mark would better !ook out or he will
be having himself suspended."
When Mark" was iniormed of the Su
perintendent's attitude : he reiterated his
expressed intt ntion.
Mark Makes Threats.
"I do not think Mr. Webster will -find 1
any teachers to do his bidding." paid
Mark. "We would immediately suspend
ar.y who would do so. We certainly
would 'not Fijm any demands of teachera
not regularly appointed by us. Neither
would we Kign any demands for rooms
rented by the Superintendent, so I do nut
think that any real estate man would
rent rooms under tho*e conditnions. Mr.
Webster's boast about filling the vacant
roomF in the Grant School does not scare
the Directors at all."
With regard to the suspension of Vice
Principal Knowlton Mark said that no ac
tion had been taken, but it is understood
that he will be susm-nded for a year.
This v/ill forro Knowlton Into court and
make h test case of the affair.- When
Mark was asked why Knowlton's salarv
for August and the salary demand of Sj
faturgis. who succeeded him as vice prin
cipal of the Everett School for the same
month had been passed by the board
Mark replied that it was out of charity
for Knowlton. who has a family to sup
port u hen oFked if it was legal to pass
tw .°. aetnands for the same position Mark
5 » 1 t £ s J t the lx)ard could pass a demand
for J1000 a month In favor of one teacher
if It so desired.
Auditor Wells informed the board yes
terday that its account for August hnd
been overdrawn to the extent of $4945 30.
The matter will be adjusted, however, us
the money required ta be Pet aside for
teachers' salaries was not all used and
there Is a surplus which can be applied
to other expenses.
To-morrow afternoon the park band will
for something like the twelve hundredth
time fling melody to the breeze. But from
such a splendid setting that the eye as
well as the ear will be charmed.
At 1:30 o'clock the augmented band of
eighty pieces will be massed under the
she!l-shaped sounding-board and as soon
after as they can fill their lungs brass and
wood will break out into "America," the
words of which are printed on the official
programme. Every one will be expected
to join in singing the hymn.
Then will come the feature of the day—
the presentation of this splendid gift to
the city by Claus Spreckels and its ac
ceptance on behalf of San Francisco by
General W. H. L. Barnes. This will be
the sole interpolated event of the day,
and immediately after it the musicians
will show what astonishing stunts they
can do on their trumpets when they have
such a splendid medium as the new music
stand to convey the strains of sweet music
to' their auditors.
The remainder of the programme fol
lows:
Overture "Immortality"
Respectfully dedicated to Claus Spreckels by
A. Sr'ad'na.
Themes from '"The Serenade 11 Herbert
"Souvenir of Naples" Krakamp
Flute solo hy A. Lombardo.
Fantasia from "Cavallerla Rusticana"
Muvca&nl
The great characteristic "Slavonian March"
Tschaikowpky
Overture, ' • Jubel" Weber
Cornet duet.... William Mtihood and E. Keller
"B°nedictlnn of the Poifrnards" Meyerbeer
Allegro milltalre from "William Tell". .Rossini
March, "Bohemian Life" Roncovlerl
A few days ago a rehearsal was held to
test the carrying power of the new music
stand. The band played lotid, and over
in the children's playground goats pranced
and donkeys brayed, while the gripmen
on the McAllister-street cars "got over
the grip" all the 'quicker for the lively
strains which were carried to them clear
cut and distinct by the bell-shaped sound
ing-board above tho musicians. The band
played softly, and the flute solo of Lom
bafdo set the birds singing- ten blocks
awav.
The musicians are delighted with their
new Sunday afternoon home and fully
appreciate "the generous spirit in which
it was given.
BRACE OF NOTED CROOKS
LANDED AFTER A CHASE
Bobbed an Aged Woman of Hea
Purse While She "Was Standing
on Market Street.
James Coulter and Fred Campbell, twa
"f the most expert pickpockets In th»
country, were arrested last night by Po
lice Officer Moriarty of the Southern sta
tion, after an exciting chase. While an
aged woman named Mra. McDonald was
standing at the corner ot Third and Mar
ket streets, Campbell, who Is a well
dressed man, accosted her and engaged
her in conversation. While her attention
was thus absorbed his companion sneaked
up behind her and deftly took her purse,
containing a few dollars, out of her
pocket.
After discovering her loss Mrs. McDon
ald notified Officer Moriartty. who started.
after the pickpockets. He chased them
along Market street to Sixth, and along
the latter street to- Howard, where they
were overtaken. On the way to the City
Prison one rtf them threw away a valuable
diamond pin. which was afterward recov
ered by the police.
Campbell 'is an Eastern crook, and Is
said- to be one of the most successful
pickpockets In the T'nited States.
Henry Altmeyer, an ex-convict and a
noted crook, is locked up in the tanks in
the City Prison, while his wife, Catherine,
an unprepossessing young woman, Is con
fined in the matron's room with a charge
of disposing of stolen property recorded
against her. Altmeyer, according to the
police, is one of the most enterprising bur
glars that ever operated In the State.
Both he and his wife were arrested last
night and locked up pending further in
vestigation.
About ten days ago Altmeyer rented a
room in a house at 501 Post street, and
during the temporary absence of one of
the lodgers he entered his room with the
aid of a skeleton key and stole a gold lead
pencil, a gold cigar-cutter, a watch anil
chain and a purse containing a few dol
lars. The burglary was reported to Chief
of Police Sullivan, who detailed Detectives
Reynolds. Dinan and Wren to arrest the
culprit. While they were looking for him
they received word that Mrs. Altmeyer
had been seen trying to dispose of a por
tion of the stolen property to a Kearny
strc-et jeweler. Meeting the husband on
the street last evening, the detectives
promptly placed him under arrest. A few
hours later they located Mrs. Altmeyer
and took her to the City Prison. To the
detectives she emphatically denied that
she. knew anything about the burglary
charged to her husband and demanded to
see an attorney, which request was de
nied. * , .
Altmeyer is the daring burglar who a
short time ago stole over $10,000 worth of
diamonds from Mrs. Hale, who was stop
ping at the St. James Hotel in San Jose.
He and his wife were stopping at the
hotel, and seeing Mrs. Hale and her maid
loaVing the hotel preparatory to taking
a drive Altmeyer forced an entrance to
her room and got away with her dia
monds. As soon as the robbery was dis
covered suspicion rested on Altmeyer. who
suddenly left town. He was tracked to
this city and arrested, but the diamonds
were not found on him. After a trial in
the Superior Court of San Jose he was
acquitted for want of evidence. He im
mediately returned to this city and while
trying to "beat" a room in a lodging
ho'use at Sixth and Minna streets he was
set upon by several of the lodgers and
badly beaten.
Tp-day the detectives expect to place
several charges of burglary against him.
Henry Altmeyer, a Noted
Crook, Again in Clutches
of Police.
BURGLAR AND
HIS WIFE IN
PRISON CELLS
for the Presentation to
the City.
NEW BAND STAND
WILL SOON ECHO
SWEET MELODIES
Sunday Afternoon Time Set
The Police Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon, and after much discussion de
cided to allow "Pop" Sullivan, proprietor
of the Hoffman Cafe, to reopen the side
entrance to his saloon, which was ordered
closed a short rime ago.
After the meeting had been called to
order Attorney Sam Shortrldge. on be
half of Sullivan, addressed the board. He
said he had frequently visited the Hoff
man to have lunch and incidentally some
thing: to drink, and found it one of the
most respectable resorts of the kind in
San Francisco. During his visits to the
place he founcl among its patrons some of
the best men of the city. He argued that
Sullivan had a ten-year lease on the sa
!oon, which would not expire until 1S11,
•and to deprive him of the risrht to open
his sido entrance would be, in short, an
attempt to drive him out of business.
Shortridpre claimed that Sullivan had com
plied with the ordinance in every respect,
except as to the permanent closing of his
side entrance, which was a necessary ad
junct to the saloon. The sign. "Ladiea"
Cafe." he said, had been torn down and
would not be utilized again.
Comnr.lssiontr Wallace was in favor of
Kruntlnp Sullivan's request to open the
side entrance. He said he was satisfied
that th«» proprietor of the cafe was anx
ious to comply with the ordinance, and
that to force him to cut out the side «r>
trance would simply mean that he would
have ti» Clove up his place of business.
Commissioner Mahoney announced th;it
he was act ready to pass,r>n the proposi
tion, as Commissioner Newhall. the chair
man of the board, was not present. Com
missioner Wallace insisted on a vote be
ing tak«-n, and after a short discussion
the secretary was ordered to call the
roll.
Wallace and Dr. McNutt voted aye and
Mahoney no. The secretary then an
nounced that Sullivan was at liberty to
open the side entrance to his cafe.
Other conditions stipulated in the order
wore that the door betwron the men's
grillroom and the ladies' cafe be removed
and a side bar be established !n the men's
grill opposite the door, so that persona
entering the ladies' cafe will be in full
view of those standing at tho side bar:
that the curtains be removed from the
windows along Second street, and that
the small door south of the main entrance
to the ladies' cafe be clored.
Policeman Purvis, who mr many years
has been connected with thp department,
handed in his resignation, -which was ac
cepted. Purvis, It is said, objected to
wearing strlpps on his pants and resigned
rather than do so.
Police Board by a Majority
Vote Rescinds Its Former
Ruling.
HOFFMAN CAFE
TO REOPEN ITS
SIDE ENTRANCE
J. C. Stubbs, third vice president of the
Southern Pacific Company, returned from
the East yesterday, lie was not able to
give any information concerning the
action of the committee that will nomi
nate a successor to Collis P. Huntington.
He said that there will never be a South
ern Pacific Company president who will
have the power that C. P. Huntington
liaO. Mr. Huntlngton had his own way
In everything', declared Mr. Stubbs. What
he .-aid was the rule to be followed. There
were two reasons, Mr. Stubbs said, why
tho next presidentAvould not have C. P.
iTiiruington's power. One was that there
would never be a C P. Huntlngton again.
The other was that the plan adopted by
largo railroad companies was to have
the finances and the higher questions
dealt with bv the chairman «f an exe
cutive committee. That >'!:m bad been
adopted by the Union Pacific. New York
Central ana Chicago, Milwaukee and St.
Paul; in fact, that had come to be con
sidered thi proper thine:. The president of
a large railroad company was an execu
tive man solely. Me was something like
u general of an army.
While Mr. Stubbs had no information
concerning the new president to be se
lected, he had certain' decided opinions on
that .subject. He believed that H. E.
Himtingtou would be named. "If I owned
the Southern Pacific Company," said Mr.
fetubbs, "1 would appoint li. E. Hunting
ton as president, lie is the best qualified
for the place of all the men connected
with the company at this time. An in
sider, who is acquainted thoroughly with
the business ana who knows us all and
is liked by us all, is better prepared to be
the president than any outsider could be."
Mr. Stubbs was asked about his address
at Chicago favoring measures to foster
the growth of the American marine. "The
existing conditions." he said, "are. as I
tried to make plain at Chicago, dlsgract-
Says New Transcontinental Associa-
E, O. McCORMICK HOME AGAIN.
tion Will Mean Much to West
ern Cities.
Ernest O. McCormick; passenger traf
fic manager of the Southern Pacilic Rail
road, returned home last evening from
Glenwood Springs, Cclo., where he at
tended a meeting at which prelimlnaty
steps were taken for »he formation of a
transcontinental passenger association.
Mr. McCormiek was .accompanied to San
Francisco by John J. Burns, general pas
senger agent of the Atcnison. Topeka and
Santa Ke Company.
The Glenwood Springs meeting brought
representatives together from all the big
companies between the Missouri River
and the Pacific Coas:. A committee of
live, with John Sebastian of Rook Island
as chairman, was appointed and will re
port in favor of a transcontinental asso
ciation to embrace all the roads from the
Missouri River to tho coast. This com
pletes the circuit of associations from
New York to San Francisco.
The entire United Suites is now covered
by associations except the Northern Pa
cific. Great Northern and the Canadian
roads.
Mr. McCormlck Is preatly pleased with
the progress made at tho meeting and he
believes the advent of a trans-Atlantic as
sociation will mean much to" this section
of the country.
Large Corporation Will Adopt Mod
ern Plan of Having Financing
Left to the Executive Com
mittee's Chairman.
Powers of Southern Pacific's
President to Be Only
Executive.
STUBBS THINKS
PLACE MAY FULL
TO HUNTINGT0N
One of Them, Known as Leonora Stew
art, "the Woman in Black," Has a
National Reputation.
the Midwinter Fair she was arrested
along with a number of other crooks,
male and female, and kept in prison till
the fair was over. In 1MQ she was sent
fn>m Oakland to San Quentin for eighteen
months for grand larceny. In April, 1>>'.<7,
she was arrested in Los Angeles for sh,op
lif:inK and was sent to jail. The Chief of
Police there wrote to the Chief here that
she hat! purloined from every shop in tho
city. That was the last heard of her till
she was arrested yesterday. She is ac
knowledped to be one of the cleverest
shoplifters in the country.
Minnie Munson's reputation Is only
local. She was arrested in the beginning
of 1351 f«.r grand larceny for stealing $500
from a man, and on May K> she was pent j
10 the House of Correction for a year.
After her rolense she joined the Salvation
Army and worked among: the dives on the
Barbary Coast. It was thought that she
had completely reformed, and only last
week Captain Seymour pointed her out on
Kearny street to Chief Sullivan as a
brand plucked from the burning:. He did
not expect that she would so soon become
a backslider.
NOTORIOUS SHOPLIFTERS
ARE CAUGHT IN THE ACT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.
14
notorious shoplifters— or.e of
j them of national reputation— were
I mpturM yesterday afternoon by
Special OITuor Allen of the Kmpor
lum an-1 r>or\c*>fl at the City Prison on
charges • f petty larceny. They are Leo
nora Stewart and Minnie Munson. The
formiT frave her name as Ruby Smith
and the latter as Mary Edwards. They
vere recopniied in the prison by Detec
tive Kainbrii'.ge as old-timer?, although
declaring that Ba'.nbridjre was mistaken,
as they had never lw?en arrested before.
The suspicious actions of the two women
in the Emporium drew Allen's attention
to them, and when he was satisfied that
a quantity of b»»H buckles had been stolen
he vent out in search of th<? two. He
fouiri ;hem in Hale Brothers" sune. where
they had each stolen a napoivii. The
¦j-uclea were found in their possession.
I^onora Stewart is a native ot Ontario.
Canada. When a your.g woman she was
successful in the Ka«=t as a confidence
operator, and then drifted into sh.iplift-
Jng She has had iiimierous aliases.
airior.fr them Koran J. Dennis, Emma
Taylor. Emma Freeman. Kmm;i de Lacey
and Ruby Smith. She was known to the
p.i'.ire a.= ' # 'the ¦woman in black." She first
carr.'' into notice here in 1890, when she
nras sent to the House of Correction fnr
a y»ar on two charges of petty larceny.
She was no sooner released than she wa« j
ajrain arrested on other charges cf petty I
larceny, ar.d again pot a year. During I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Are Selling #
China
Crockery
Gfasswaro
Silver Plated Ware
Agateware
Jardinieres, Lamps
Kitchen Ware
at
Away Down Prices
COMS JUST TO SEE
Qoofl Time and PUce to Bay
Ural American Innumi Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING b'furtEb.
:iO-212 Grant Ave. <Bet. Butter and Po»t).
tt\ Market St. lOpp. Powell).
340 Sixth St.
fV>i Hayes St. «s Third St.
1419 Polk St. 621 Montgomery An
2516 Mission St. 705 Larkin St.
COOS Sixteenth St. 1S19 DevJsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 473 HalKht St.
•00S Flllmore St. J285 Mission St.
tJ Market Rt. 3732 24th Pt.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Wash! net on St. 616 E. 12th St. .
1237 Broadway 11V, 23d Ave.
1S10 Seventh .St. 1335 Park St.. Alameda.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
Prices lower than ever.
ilTTHHDC Manuscripts suitable for l»-
AUlllUllJ aulnff In volume form required
(PPVIVfi A b)' establl!"hed house; liberal
A terms; prompt, straightforward
PIIRI KHFf> treatment. Address "Books."
rUDL13flCl\ iu Herald I3d «t-. New York.
Dr. E. L. Perrault has resumed practice
at 336 Sutter st. •
r — _ _
Ve o .
ISiiiii S
intrrcstci
arc cordially invited to .visit
our store, as thev are welcome »
in all departments, from the
cellar to the top ceilintr.
The basements arc filled
with cases of yianos. onrans
and j-mall instruments. Here
is ota- wholesale <lc"!>artment.
The Unit or Kronnd floor is
devoid :o sheet music and
the orEccs."
The second floor displays
the finest line of small musical
instruments on the coast —
Zon-ophoncs (talking: ma-
chines), Rejrina Music Boxes,
Stewr.rt Banjos. D?.ucr • Gui-
tars am! Mandolins. Columbii
j Zithers. Conrtois Band Instru-
I ments. etc.
The third floor is devoted to
pianos from famous manufac- J
tnrers: here also is the An-
gelus — the wonderful mechani-
cs! piano player.
The fourth floor exhibits
the cdebr.~.ted Steinwav Pianos
— knov:n the world over.
The annexed fifth floor is
filled with Estev Ortrans.
Remember, everybody :s wel-
coir.e whether or not thev in-
tend to purchase.
Sherman, Cfay & Co.,
fteioTtay Yhro Dealers,
Cor. K«!«my anC Sutter Et«.. H. V.
Cor. :2th and L-TMulway. Oakland..
When taken at the proper time a little Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey will prevent a cold.
skirt ana hosiery sale
.../\x. .
TO-DAY!
LADIES 1 MOREEN SKIRTS, trimmed with
t^n-inch accordion plaited ruffle, |1 quality;
to-day <5«»t.
LADIES' LINEN rNDERSKIRTS, plain and
fancy colors, Jl quality; to-day <{tK*
LADIES' FAXCY STRIPED MOREFN
SKI HIS; regular price $1 2.'», to-day. 7r,«>
L.AKIKS' UNDKRSKIRTB. the b«>st Imitation
of pllk evt»r produced. In all new ehade», in-
cludlnK bl.iok; regular price $2. to-day we
sell them at 81.510
LADIES' SKIRTS made up of bost mercerized
Fatcen, locks like satin; ruffle of this, skirt
trimmed with three Rma.ll ruffles; sold else-
where $3. our price to-day 1B1.7S
I.ADIKS' SILK MOREEN SKIRTS, made up
In the newest styles, all colors; usual $.*. qual-
ity; to-day's price $:i.f>0
LADIES'^HOSIERY.
Kc BLACK POLKA DOT HOSE on sale at...,
15c pair
I5c BLACK HOSE, fine quality. hl K h spliced
heelp. double poled; to-day's price lTc
;5c OPEN RIBBED HOPE, made from real
Maco yarn, on pale at Uric? '
20c BLACK HOSE. In plain or ribbed, double
heel and toe; to-day's price 12Uc calr
LADIES' BLUE POLKA DOT HOSE, also
fancy lisle thread hose In a great variety of
desirable coloring:?, all hl«h class Roods; reg-
ular price 35c to 40c a pair, on sale to-day at
-Sc pair
CHILDREN 7^ HOSIERY.
TO-DAY. WE ARE SELLING
CHILDREN'S 12«4c HOSE at f)c nalr
CHILDREN'S 17c HOSB at I2Vi<- pair
CHILDREN'S 20c HOSE at l.-.c pair
CHILDREN'S 25c BICYCLE OR EXTRA
HEAVY SCHOOL HOSE at IHc oa^
CHILDREN'S 25c SILK FINISHED HOSE at
CHiL'nRKN'p'sflc'RED 'CASHMERE OR*FIXe
COTTON" HOSE at : 24c pair
INFANTS' HOSE, made of best quality Cash-
mere, in white, plnk, blue or black, sizes 4
to 6; usually sold 3 pairs $1, to-day's price..
23c pair
WHITE~WAISTS.
WE MADE UP ESPECIALLY FOR ADMIS-
SION DAY A BEAUTIFUL LINE OF LADIES'
WHITE WAISTS made of ORGANDIES and
LAWNS. -",.'.;
SILK WAISTS.
TO-DAT WE'RE SHOWING' THE MOST
BEAUTIFULLY CONSTRUCTED. THE MOST
EXQUISITELY DESIGNED SILK WAISTS
THAT THE MANUFACTURERS OF THE
WORLD COULD POSSIBLY PRODUCE SPE-
CIAL INDUCEMENTS OFFERED TO.DAY'S
PURCHASERS IN THIS LINE. Our $3 45
14 95. »6 and fl 50 SILK WAISTS ARE WORLD
BEATERS.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR' SALE CONTINUES
TO-DAY.
LADIES' WRAPPER SALE CONTINUES
TO-DAY.
LADIES' CORSET SALE CONTINUES TO-
DAY."
WE ARE SHOWING THE MOST COM-
PLETE LINE OF CHILDREN'S AND IN-
FANTS' WEAH TO BE FOUND IN THE
CITY.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
Manufacturers of Children's and Infants'
Wear Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
ADVEBTISiaiENTS.
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
mmWVl GOLD DUST, 3-Ia pkg I5c
PRESERVED G!NG£\ Urs:e Sfz3 3^c
Kelt arrival from Canton. Extra qualltT
Ite^u!ar JOc.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTFR, Sq!Pre..40c
Choice Hutter is our motto. Resular SOc.
best nnr egss. Dozen 30c
Frcm th? iliss'.on. Regular 23c.
PETALUMA RANCH FGG% 221:
Guaranteed. Regular 27«$c
NEW WHITF ADBIATiC FIGS, Mb Pkg. 103
Regular 13c. **
EASTERN SUGAR-CURED HAMS I3 3
Guarantee every ham. Regular 15o.
OUR BEST MCCHA-JAVA GOFfEE 25c
Limit 4 pounds. Regular 35o
TEA. NFW AHR1Y4L, Lb 40c
English Preakfnst, Oblong. UncoloredJaran
Regular 60c.
SKERRY. PO<T, ANGELICA. Qt- Bots.25c
Vintae^ tS93i R^sular 40c.
RYeANDBtlURBOiNHI V. 6a-.$?.5O
Extra choice. Retrular $3 SA
IMPORTED CASTILE SOAP, 3-lb Bar. -25c
VlrRln. Regrular SOc.
MACARONI. VERMICELLI, Box 20c
Spaghetti. Regular 23c.
Send for Monthly Pric- lAst. FVe*. *
Country Orders Promptly Attended To.
Freight raid by us when within ICO mllM.
1348-1354 MARKET STREET.
Opp 7th. 'Phone S. 232. No Branch Stores.
¦ 1 [ yjjj dVos ) f ? j •' • | (Ml\
WASH YOUR OWN CLOTHES?
Well that's your privilege; but when
you see the excellent work we do, and tha
low prices we charge for family washing,
the chances are that your next week's
wash will come to us. Needn t send—
we'll call also deliver on tho day w«
promise It. Ask us.' by word of mouth,
mall cr telephone, what we charge.
Domestic ilnlsh for full dress shirts if
you order It.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Near Powell.
- Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offico-62 San Pablo Ave.
DR.MQNDLTY.
T'FIISWELL-KXOWN AND RKMABLE OLD
S pedal Utewr* Illrxvt Painon,(Sonorrhceii,G!e*t.
Mtrif tur«., t*«-nil:ml \V>aknes.«. Impotence and their
| nllipfl l>i*..nl~i*. l:.ok on I>in*-im«-m of Men, tr»e.
I Overta>Tear»Vxperienre.Termsreasonablc. Hour*.
Pto^'laiiyiCsMtoS.SOev'K^Saiidayi.lOtDl'iConsnU
tationfreeandsacredlyconfldentiaLCalloraddresa
P. Iiosroi: MeVULTY, 31. D.
UGli Kearny »t., hcu t'raucisco, Cal.
The first member of the royal family to
ride a cycle was the Duchess of Albany.
Bank Stock Tyre<&tlns Paper is th« b«st
made. My s-Il- Rollins, 23 Clay st.. makers. •
Hale's. | Hale's. | Haley's. | Hale's.
HWMM " B^HilrllW M ™' MII "" IM '' M^
out- of town visitors are invited to make this store
their headquarters during the admission day celebration,
invifofinn fTfc in our ladies' parlor you will find writing materials with which to write to your friends, lavatories
111 VI Col LlOIl Lvf where you can refresh yourselves when tired and exhausted, and comfortable resting places where you can
Nf* r\ W/ meet your f risnds for a social chat, we wish you to accept this as a personal invitation to come to our store
• via U* W • and make yourselves at home during your stay in San Francisco.
interesting news of all-silk ribbons — two very special Offerings, more stirring offers of
perfumes and tOilet our ribbon buyer on his eastern trip found manufacturers even more than hosiery for ladl'eS
necessaries ordinarily anxious to deal with this great and rapidly growing greater store— and Children.
**" b^«7» * | found many with lots that had to be sacrificed, he bought liberally — placing
free — the handkerchief of every his orders where they were most welcome — and the result is a collection ¦' no commonplace news ever comes
lady calling at the drug department vaster, handsomer, more shrewdly bought and more liberally priced than in any from this hosiery store — the hosiery
to-day will be sprayed with Hudnut's previous season, these two lots will be found in the second aisle on a table Dy must be good or they have no place
sweet orchid perfume. themselves. here, the wonder is how the man-
Be'l I pvv'< T V Rlache face OOW- al}-sllk colored taffeta ribbons with white all-s!lk fancr ribbons— very handsome plalrta ager of this department can keep of-
, * . J - Mav - Ilc l " v - < - Y corded stripes-entlrely new and strikingly and stripes-all the latest and prettiest color f er ing such unusual values.
»er — regular price 5OC — Our price.. pretty color combinations— Just the ribbon for combinations— 3'i and 3?i inches wide <)=/. , =, , * V^Ti ."¦
.... ..Hoi! the new neckwear— 3«i Inches wide— \tZ.r- —choice, per yard *m*J\* CnUdren S nne ribbed COttOn hose
chamois' Vkins-r'e-uiar" price 75c " ow -^ " ara —;-- «» C . -fast black and seamless-good
each-now ! .."oc ~. 0 z wo d of th] htest whims and fancies In ladies' neckwear. wei « h Mg d to e «I!£7 do £ b!c *"£"•
Hudmit'c nprmmr; the standard fS?® % i??n-^ new and pretty things just opened up In ruffs, collars, bows and ' v s . > '"' to -t*\
hv»vT-1 1 l rf«,»« " -ir fl^HEtnViA* 3abots - are just as many styles as the most critical purchaser per pair IOC
bj which all other penumes are Js likely to wish to nee-and every one is a tasteful style, just as ladies' fast black seamless cotton
judgcu— every popular odor— per fa£&t£r*!<k. sorts as any one could expect-and just as fine qualities ««»!,? ,T I .'^
Otim-p f»Oc a!< any one w °u!d care to wear, all are moderately priced, here Is nose — gOOd weight and elastic —
""- c _ "^y /i ¥^S? a brlef description of a few of the latest comers: shaped legs and narrowed ankles-
balsam tolu soap — three cakes in r ;> !\s« the lady Randolph— a very handsome taffeta silk stock collar with r..n \ eno *y. double soles rif»«»iQ and
nrettv hnv -.oc mr -, hnv nnvi \ ' M bow - tn whlt < > - hI "^ P'nk and lavender, the collar Is trimmed with IUU 'engin— ;uouuic so.es, neei9 ana
preit> Dox— ,\as ioc a Dox-^iow.^.. \ A*. four scrarate plec / s v o( Dolnt de venlse ap p llque , with a three-auar- toes— per pair 1*2 l-2c
* •¦-•— V JB (*'( ¦ ter Inch pleating of moussellne de sole and chiffon folds, the entis of misses' and boys* extra heaVT
horn combs-eight inches long- & -./TV {££ 1^'^.. 1^ 3 !!^ $2.00 "iron thread" hose-narrow rib-
were 15c each — now .lOe Aefo, />* plisse veiour stock collars with liberty silk jabots ten inches long— made of hard twisted elastic yarn—
hair brushes— large full bristle*— h^i§St^ de^price h ' te a " d ex<1 " lslte shades of plnk - blue and laven "75C e . xtra double knees, heels and toes—
were 25c cr.ch— now l»c J^^sC~; fine nerfiohus-flnishe'd' with'' insertion'' of" vaVen-"""ci O^ sizes 6 to 10— three pairs for SCks
Fl Por!crtn rcn'cre the nniv f¥^k clennes lace and a 3U-lneh net ruffle-price tJ>a»^CJ mi5Se3 fast black lisle hO3e — VeTT
, . u , ,¦ 1 v r»W*^'V 1 ' 1 ' liberty silk Jabots-trimmed with a pleating of same silk QC/. f, ne ribbed— deCD clossv blaclc
rOlige that Rives the shin a natural V3?#r~ W three-quarters inch wide-price .7 OOC nnc .£ .,? fil?t,*j". erzV
tinge of health — price 5Oc S.£l black and white silk veilings— plain and fancy tuxedo new Qnr r smootn, simy nnisn sizes 5ra to
XT 1 ,., ., ,, r —with or without chenille dots— 18 Inches wide— per yard gy 2 — per pair ZOc
Iiuhiuts toilet ceratc-the fine, • ¦ - ladies' fancy hose-latest color-
toilct cream made-price ...O • y£^T /$W ings-including royal purple, navy
.m?; Syi 0 "^ ?: l .;:: !o :r " % M B^ ;l .? ! . d M
our new store decorated — illumi- /em/ y^ aM \ ~~~~^$ electric lights, suggests a srlimpse of
natej. competent critics pronounce /JBuSf __f^***^ &&&h^h w*. *\^%lTbi*m -*^^^ fairj'land. the outline of the build-
it tlie finest decorated building in the **~ €jfO€9&P^%^^^ ing itself is strong — the electric*
city. iJ * ul **0nRawB M-Ili— m wm^^^^ lights make it stronger.