THE ABOVE PICTURES ARE REPRODUCTIONS OF PHOTOS TAKEN FOR THE NEW YORK HERALD BT ITS
PHOTOGRAPHERS IN THE PENNSYLVANIA ANTHRACITE REGIONS. ONE SHOWS "BREAKER" BOYS AT
HAZLETON, ANOTHER PART OF ilcADOO AND THE' THIRD A GROUP OF MINERS AT GERARDVILLE.
SHENANDOAH; Pa.. Sept. 24.— The
ranks of the striking mine workers were
considerably augmented to-day In this re
gion, and although the employes of the
Are Augmented.
While Ranks of the Striking Miners
FEW MEN RESUME WORK.
. "Behind them," he said, "is unutterable
want. They have been hungry so long
that they will suffer nothing uncommon
from the protracted idleness. It Is pit
iable to see the suffering of the men and
their families because of paltry wages.
I speak from what I have seen, for I
have Just been In • the anthracite region.
The American Federation of Labor will
give them all possible aid. Cold weather
will cause an increased shortage In coal
soon, and this will affect the operators.
I have sent organizers Into the field and
the strike will solidify. The strikers wiil
have the sympathy of the general public.
The in this conflict have every
thing on their side but the opinion of the
operators."
CINCINNATI, Sept. 24.— Samuel Gomp
ers was here to-night to deliver an ad
dress on labor at the fall festival at
Music Hall. He was very pronounced In
his opinion that the men striking in the
anthracite region will win.
Anthracite Coal Miners.
Gompers Predicts a Victory for the
SAYS LABOR WILL WIN.
Soft coal is coming into Scranton in
large quantities. The factories are ex
perimenting with it and the manufactur
ers say that they can get all of It they
¦want.
ing and these will be guarded by armed
deputies.
SCR ANTON, Pa., Sept. 24.— A demon
stration by the strikers at the Belleviie
mine, occasioned by' a false alarm that
the mine was to be started, had the effect
of: scaring away a squad of Italians who
were on their way to the washery. . En
couraged by this success the strlkern are
contemplating similar demonstrations at
all; of, the eight washerles that : continue
to operate in this region. If this is done
trouble can be looked- for as the com
panies have declared that they will work
thewasheries at any cost. The Delaware,
Lackawanna and .-Western Company wiil
send '¦.'. special •, trolley cars to collect Its
XJeilevua washery hands to-morrow morn-
That It Will Be Repeated.
One Demonstration So Successful
WORKERS SCARED v AWAY.
HARRISBURG, Pa.. Sept. 24.— Governor
Stone received telegrams to-day from
Chicago, Boston, Cincinnati, Cleveland
and numerous other cities urging him to,
use his good offices toward settling the
strike difficulties. There is no provision
of the State constitution authorizing the
executive to use any such • power. Tho
advices to-night from Tower City are that
the 1200 employes, will go out at that place.
Governor Stone Asked to Act, but He
. Has No Authority.
URGED TO SETTLE TROUBLE.
"I shall not be responsible for any overt
act committed In this town ¦ while the
troops are here," he said.
Edward .J. McGeehan, the Burgess of
the town, declared the action of General
Gobin in sending <soldlers there was an
outrage, as the town was peaceable.
"If you don't shoot some of those fel
lows you are no good."
A battalion of the Eighth.Regiment.ar
rived at McAdoo, the . nearest point In
Schuylkill County, to Hazleton. early this
morning. Lieutenant Colonel Hutchlnson;
in command, said he was ordered to make
a demonstration by -marching his men
through McAdoo and . the surrounding
towns. Each man carried twenty rounds
of ammunition.'; The ; troops were received
by. the ; inhabitants ¦ with evidences of en
mity.. Many Jeered them.'. 'One -woman!
after, the troops had passed, shouted to a
group of men:
When Mr. MUchell was asked if the
striking miner3 had received any benefits
from the United Mine "Workers of Amer
ica since the strike was begun he simply
Baid, "No."
"Archbishop Ryan will call upon the
presidents of the railroads which have
mining Interests in this region at the re
quest of the United Mine Workers and
will tender hl.s good offices In the struggle.
If the officials refuse to meet his Grace
it will certainly demonstrate, their Insin
cerity to the public concerning their will
ingness to treat with their men, and, will
place them In the same position as that
once occupied by Mr. Vanderbilt, who very
forcibly said that the public had no inter
ests which a corporation was bound to re
spect." .
In regard to the efforts of Archbishop
Ryan to bring about a settlement through
arbitration President Mitchell said:
Mine Workers at which men who had not
struck were urged to help in the fight
bore fruit. As a whole I feel more en
couraged to-night than I have at any time
since the strike began, and I am confident
that within the next few days the entire
anthracite coal fields in Pennsylvania will
be idle. At no place to-day did we lose a
man."
COLUMBIA, Pa., Sept. 24. — According to the sentiment expressed to-night there -will be no break
in the ranks of the striking ironworkers at Columbia, who to-day quit work upon the attempted en
forcement of a reduction of 25 per cent. The strike affects about a thousand men and boys employed in
the four mills of the Susquehanna Iron & Steel Company here and six or seven hundred more employed at
the Aurora furnace at Wrlghtsville, the Vesta furnace at Watts Station and the York Rolling Mill at
York, all of which are controlled by the Susquehanna company. The $3 rate is in force at the mills in
the combine, but the strikers refuse to accept it because $4 , is paid at one of the Lebanon mills and
other independent works.
THERE IS NO BREAK IN THE RANKS
OF THE STRIKING IRON WORKERS
In the meantime the old Baron made
every effort to get his boy to return
home, and after three years of wander
ing the young man decided to' settle down.
He returned to his father's estate, but
he soon became restless under restraint
and again left Germany, and according
to his own statement went to India. The
father had In the meantime tried to keep
of his boy and always assisted him
financially. A second appeal teas made to
him to return home. He obeyed the plea
of his now aged father.
After remaining at heme for -about a
year he suddenly left for America.; He
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Sept 24.-Repre
pentatlve Charles H. Grosvenor of Ohio,
during bis recent vlelt to Europe, had
occasion to investigate one of the most
peculiar will ease that ever came to hi«
notice as & practitioner. It Involves th*-.
disposition of an estate valued at ?5,000,
000 and an ancient German baronetcy.
The heir t<$ this property was until a few
weeks ago a watchman in the United
States census office. Frederick von
Muegge was born in Germany thirty
eight years ago. He was the only son
of Baron von Muegge and consequently
helr to the Immense ancestral estates.
He started out to see the world wheu
fourteen years old and visited every great
city In Europe, finally shipping as cabin
boy on a vessel bound from Liverpool for
South Africa.
VAST ESTATE FOR FORMER
WATCHMAN AT WASHINGTON
After Completing Five Years' Government Service, Fred
erick von Muegge Will Inherit Millions
and a Title.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
traveled from place to place in the United
States, and while in Ohio about four years
ago he met Representative Grosvenor.
who became greatly Interested in him.
The result of this acquaintance was that
Von Muegge secured a position in the In
terior Department. He retained the posi
tion until the organization of the censuj
bureau, when he was transferred as a
watchman.
Baron von Muegge died In the mean
time. He learned that his eon was in th«
service of the Government of the United
States and believed that his runaway boy
had settled down. In making his will he
stipulated that when his son had re
mained In the service of the Government
for five years all of the ancestral estate
should revert to him.
Von Muegge. so it Is stated, was fre
quently reprimanded while in the Interior
Department and was only retained there
through the influence of Mr. Grosvenor.
After being transferred to the census of
fice he is said to have been guilty of
breaches of discipline and wu finally dip
charged.
His old friend. Representative Gros
venor. Immediately obtained for him a
position in the internal revenue service
and he is now stationed In a town in
Ohio. Representative Grosvenor says at
the expiration of a year more he wIU
have fulfilled the requirements of the
will and will then come Into poseession 6l
the estate In Germany. -
STRIKERS MAXE, SOME GAINS.
Presence of Troops Causes Consider
able Indignation.
HAZLETON. Pa., Sept. 24.— Contrary
to the expectations of both the operators
and striking coal miners there were no de
velopments in the strike situation in the
Lehigh region to-day. It was thought in
some quarters that owing to the presence
of. troops in thc^ anthracite coal fields a
break would occur in the ranks of the
strikers or that a large number of addi
tional men would refrain from going to
work. The operators, as a rule, predicted
a break In the strikers' ranks, and the
labor leaders were equally sure they
would tie up this region tighter than ever.
To-night both sides claim that they have
made good gains. It seems, however,
from the most reliable reports received
here to-day from the entire region that
the strikers made a net gain in point of
numbers. The M. S. Kemmerer colliery
at Sandy Run, on the north side, was tied
up to-day, but the operation is not a large
one. President Mitchell said of the whole
region to-night: -..- ;•:- i v ;
"Reports received by me to-day" from
the lower anthracite (Schuylkill) region
Indicate that at least 2000 mine workers
Joined the strikers to-day. A large num
ber of these came from the Reading Com
pany's mines. In the Lehigh Valley re
eion we made large gains. I have not
received definite information, but I should
Judce that, a good many men heretofore
employed left work to-day.
. "Meetings" held on Sunday by the United
4* - ' •¦¦'
TTTT .T^TTVTTT. Q^ 24.— Instead
% J of the expected clash between the
P^^ troops and striking miners in the
,*¦ Schuylkill region to-day a pea.ee
ful calm pervaded the district and
there was not the slightest disorder -for
the soldiers to be called, upon to quell. In
fact. In all the districts of.' the anthracite
coal fields the day was extremely quiet,
there being no demonstration whatever on
the part of the strikers.
While the operators claim that a num
ber of their employes returned to work at
the mines in the Schuyklll region, it was
early In the day evident that operations
did not assume the activity which the
mine owners had yesterday anticipated,
and Indications to-night are that to-mor
row will find more idle collieries than at
any time since the strike began.
The soldiers moved over the roads lead-
Ing to the collieries in Schuylkill County
from early morning and . thus afforded
protection to those desirous of returning
to work. No opposition was encountered,
however, and not very many availed
themselves of the protection offered.
The strike leaders claim many additions
to their ranks, and President Mitchell
himself estimates that the striking force
was augmented to-day to the extent of
1800 to 2000.
No overtures to end the struggle have
been offered by either side. The strike
leaders are occupying themselves In In
ducing mine workers to quit, and the
operators are endeavoring to mine all the
coal they can with their reduced force.
Meantime coal shipments from the
mines are dally growing less, and reports
of advances in prices for the commodity
are received from all trading sections.
From out of the darkness a hostile squad
ron made up cf the battleships Kear
parge and Indiana ar.d the gunboat3
Eagle and Scorpion, together with the
fleet of six torpedo boats, attacked an op
posing squadron made up of the Massa
chusetts, the New York, the Vixen and
the Leydtrn. supported by th"e land batter
ies, and from what can be 6een at this
hour through the smcke that overhangs
the bay after the battle the defending
squadron was triumphant. Captain Fol
g-er of the Kearearge commanded the at
tacking craft and Admiral N. M. Farqu
har directed the defenders.
The maneuvers last night, which com
menced at 9:45 and lasted nearly three
hours, were in reality a night battle to j
test the effectiveness of an attacking
squadron, aided by torpedo boats, against j
a naval force aided by shore batteries, in j
which the searchlights for the time being
were used In place of shells, a well di
rected ray for a certain time putting the
craft out of action.
If a ton>edo boat could hold within
range of her searchlight one of the hostile
ships by firing a red rocket the craft on
the defensive was out of action, the fact
that the torpedo boat had the opportunity
to blow her up constituting victory. If,
on the other-hand, a .battleship got an op
posing- craft within range of her light and
was able to kefp that vtssel underwits
rays for the required time the battleship's
victory was shown by a blue rocket. The
preparations for. the mock\sea fight were
carried out in detail to the extreme, with
as much, attention almost as if a real fight
were impending. Every man was at his
post, the guns ashore and afloat were
manned and there was great anxiety on
the r>art of the defender* as th<> first
faint trace of the foe was discerned com
ing out of the darkness. It was SJM5 when
the roar cf an attacking gun awoke the
echoes which rolled back from the James
town shore, and In quick succession came
the heavy bark of a large caliber gun and
then the short, metallic ring of light ord
nance, the flashes and thunder telling the
hundreds of civilian spectators on shore
that the attack had begun and that the
port defenders were ready to repel the
enemy.
The Incoming squadron attempted to
pass Fort Adams and Fort Wetherell,
which defend the east channel, and Fort
Preble on the west. The torpedo boats
Gwynn and Rogers did succeed In passing
Fort Preble in safety under cover of
darkness. The Gwynn got her search
lights on the Massachusetts and had sig
naled that she was out of action, when
the Vicksburg in turn put out of action
the smaller craft. Then the Rogers fig
uratively blew the Vicksburg out of the
water. Thus for over two hours the bat
tle raged, and owing to the vigilance of
the defending force only the torpedo boat
remained in action.
The decision as to the victor will come
from a board of arbitration appointed to
judge the battle by points scored by each
individual ship. The defending squadron
is generally believed to be successful for
the reason that the shore batteries and
assisting squadron repelled the attack and
left only one of the hostile boats afloat.
Attacked.
NEWPORT. R. I.. Sept. 25. 1 a. m.—
SHAM BATTLE OF
VESSELS AT NIGHT
Squadron and Shore Bat
teries at Newport
various collieries were promised ample
protection few cf them showed a disposi
tion to resume work this morning. In
fact, at oniy one colliery 'n the Imme
diate vicinity of this town did suffic'Tit
men report to permit operations. This
was the Cambridge colliery, owned by
James McGlnnis & Co.. which gives em
ployment to HO men. Of this number 12)
are s=ald to have worked to-day.
All the Phl!ade!phia and Reading col
lieries about Sherandoah. the collieries !n
the Eltansoxvan. Gi!berton and St. N!cho
las districts, the William Penn and all the
mines at Mahanoy City and all the Packer
collieries operated by the Lehigh Valley
Coal Company are Idle. The Girardville
and Gilberton coal companies, which
worked Saturday, did not resume to-day.
The only colliery that worked In Schuyl
kill County ea3t cf Shenandoah was the
Park place. Five collieries were In opera
tion between Shenandoah and Mount Car
mel.
There were no attempts at violence at
any time during 1 the day. Several miners
were intercepted by strikers on their way
to the Cambridge colliery, but they suf
fered no injury. To-night at closing time
a crowd of strikers assembled In the vicin
ity of the samo mine but were dispersed
by the provest guard.
In anticipation cf trouble the troops
were on the move early in the morning.
Battalions were ?ent in' various directions
to move over the reads leading to the co'
lieries in the neighborhood of Shenand">nh.
and other battalions were sent by train
to McAdoo. AuCenreid and Mafcanoy City.
All returned to Shenandnah to-nirrM and
reported that no disturbance had occurred.
The only incident that occurred durlnsr
the day In Shenar.doah was the funeral of
John Chansefci. 'ha TV!?, who was
shot and killed Curing Friday's rto*. About
2C0O union mine workers followed the body
to the grave, while nearly as many more
foreign men and women walked along thj
sidewalks to the cemetery. Services were
held In the Polish Catholic Church, and
when the cortege reached the cemetery
"Mother" Jones, who arrived here thfs
morning, addressed the assembled mine
workers. The procession was pass?d on
the way to the burial place by two bat
talions of infantry returning from the
mines.
THREATENED STRIKE AVERTED
promise With M.vagers.
Men in Colorado Gold Mines Com-
VICTOR. Colo.. Sept. 21.— The threaten
ed strike of the miners employed in six of
the largest gold mines In this district be
cause of an order recently Issued by the
English management of Stratton's Inde
pendence requiring all miners to strip
naked and pass before the superintendent
for Inspection to prevent their purloining
valuable ore has been prevented by an
agreement entered into to-night between
the miners' committee and the managers.
The order was modified so as to only
make it necessary for the men to remove
their outer clothing. It required several
meetings between the representatives of
both sides to attain this result.
DID NOT ORDER SHOOTING.
Fire if Attacked.
Denial That Employes "Were Told to
SHEKANDOAH, Pa.. Sept. 24.— Dr.
James of the Cambridge Coal Company
to-night emphatically denied that his
partner, J. C. McGlnnis, had made the
speech said to have been made by him
this afternoon In which he Instructed his
employes to shoot at once If attacked.
Mr. James said:
"We have been * particular to caution
our men not to fire any shots. We have
advocated peaceable measures at all
times. In case any disturbance arises,
then we will depend on the troops."
FEW COAL TRAINS RUN.
If ore Than a Thousand Re ad ins: Era-
ployes Thrown Out of Work.
READING. Pa.. Sept. 24.-Only a few
coal trains passed through Reading to
day, and the coal was mined last week.
The product In the mines has been pretty
well cleaned up. The trouble in the region
will throw over 1000 ~ trainmen In th»
Skuylklll Valley from • Pottsvllle to
Schuylkill temporarily out of employment.
The Reading Company has Issued orders*
to change engines burning anthracite coal
so that they can use bituminous.
Strike in Tennessee.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn.. Sept. 24.— Four
hundred miners of the Coal Creek Com
pany's mines at Coal Creek. Tenn.. struck
to-day after voting against the contract
for the year offered by the manager.
Pisrson Confesses.
HAMILTON. Ontario. t Sept. 24.— Georg-o
Pierson. the companion of Annie Griffin,
who was shot and killed last night while
driving from Waterdowri. has confessed to
the murder and Is now lodged tn Jail.
Pierscn at first said that two men driving
past in a rig had done the deed, but on
being closely questioned by the police h«
broke down and said that the girl and ha
had made up their minds to kill them
selves and he shot her and then attempted
suicide, but his nerve failed him.
Strike leaders in the anthracite coal regions of Pennsylvania continue their task of inducing mine workers to quit, and as the result
of yesterday's efforts they' claim an increase of abou: 2000 to ihe ranks of the strikers. The predicted clash in the Schuylkill district did
not occur and the soldiers on duty confined their operations to protecting men desirous of returning to work in th? collieries. Neither side
in the controversy has made overtures to end the struggle.
expected Clash/ Wntini Minhtaa lhanils to Occiar 9 AlteoMgih Troops Patroll
the Roads Leadiirag to the Coll aeries and Escort Manners
. /* -Desiring to Return to Work, ¦
LEADERS CLAIM MANY RECRUITS
TO THE RANKS OF THE STRIKERS
WATTY VESSELS IN THE GALE.
8T. JOHNS, N. F.. Sept. 24.— More than
Barn Raised in the Air and Dropped
Upon a Saloon, Resulting in
Eight Deaths.
?
Peculiar Pranks Committed by a Wind-
Storm Which Caused Many Struc-
tures to Crumble.
TORNADO STRIKES
MINNESOTA VILLAGE
Eight or more people were killed and several others badly injured
by a tornado which 'swept ever Morrison, a village in Minnesota. One
of th* most serious pranks of the storm -was the lifting of a ham in the
air and the dropping of it upon a saloon, where sixteen people had
taken refuge from the storm.
EARIBAULT. Minn.. Sept. 24.— Mea- .
ger details have just reached here
of a catastrophe which visited the •
village of Morristown. ten miles j
miles west of Faribault, shortly j
before 6 o'clock this evening:. The village j
was struck by a tornado, and a barn was I
raised in the air and dropped directly on i
top of Paul Gatzek's saloon, where sixteen
people had taken refuge from the storm.
The saloon collapsed and all Its occupants
were buried in the debris. At present it
Is said that eight bodies and three injured
persons have been taken from the ruins.
The dead:
HARRY E. WAIT, a farmer, aged 40,
leaves wife and family.
OTTO GATZKE, son of Paul Gatzke,
aged 19.
FRANK PITTMAN of Waterville. aged
50.
JOHN ROHRER, aged 22.
ELMER BROOKS, aged 23.
JACOB MILLER JR.. aged 23.
JACOB WEBER, aged 23.
PETERSON, a hired man.
Injured: Paul Gatzke, proprietor of the
saloon, injured internally, may die; Frank
E. Wilder. Injured internally, may die:
Frank Pittroan, 12 years, son of Frank
Pittman. may die; Porter A. White, head
bruised, condition serious; Bernard A.
Schmidt, slightly; William Brooks, slight
ly-
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. Sept. 24.-A spe
cial to the Times from Faribault, Minn.,
says: The storm came without warning
upon the citizens of Mcrristown from a
><iuthw<iSteriy direction, pas.-ing over to
the northeast. The length of its path in
the village was less than half a mile, but
owing to its peculiar action the distress
and damage resulting are not as great
as they silgtit have been. The storm made
jumps of one block, but whenever it came
down everything was crumbled by the
r^wer c/ the wind.
A barn belonging to Dr. Dargabel, on
the outskirts of the village, was the first
structure destroyed. It was picked up and
carried a block, leaving the floor unln
iured, with two horses standing on it.
From here the storm jumped a block to
the saloon of Paul Gatzke. Before reach
ing the Gatzke saloon there is a two-story
building, which was left untouched.
All the people killed and Injured in Mor
ristown ¦were in the saloon, having hur
riedly taken refuge there when the storm
was seen on the outskirts of the village.
There were sixteen people in the structure
at the time the stcrm struck. The building
was raised from its foundation and
crushed like an egg shell. Before the
bunding fell three people managed to es
cape, but the other thirteen are found in
the lists of dead and injured.
After leaving the saloon the storm
crossed the street and destroyed the barn
of J. G. Temple and took the roof from
the barn of W. M. Bigol. It then crossed
the Cannon River and destroyed the barn
of Adam Snyder, killing several hogs.
The storm iho-n passed off to the north
west and did no further damage.
Before reaching town the storm de
scended on the farm of John Olson and
killed a hired man named Peterson.
fifty French vessels from St. Pierre are
still missing, as the result of the recent
gale, and much alarm is felt for their
safety. Many doubtless are disabled, but
It is almost certain that others have foun
dered. The French flagship Italy has*
been ordered from the treaty shore, it is
i reported here, to cruise over the Grand
Banks with a view of learning the ex
tent of the disaster and of assisting any
vessel requiring help.
VOLUME LXXXVUI— NO. 117.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druirglBts refund the money if. It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's eljnaturo Is on each box. 25c •
To Cure a Cold In One Day
LEAVEN WORTH, Kans.. Sept. 24.-
Anlta LutK.-nged 18. shot and fatally
wounded her father, John Lutz. near Lan
sing, because her father had sent her
brother away to school.
Shot by His Daughter.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— At a meeting of
the civic federation to-morrow the debate
on "Imperialism" and other public ques
tions which had been set for October 1,
2, 3 and 4 will be formally abandoned.
Ralph M. Easley, secretary of the asso
ciation, announced to-day that he had
been unable to secure a properly balanced
programme of speakers representing both
parties. Many prominent speakers count
ed on, at the last moment declared theif
inability to be present.
gres3 of the National Prison
Association. ' :¦
CLEVELAND, Sept. 24.— At to-day's ses
sion of the Congress . of the National
Prison Association President Alvin Gar
vin delivered his annual address. Mr. Gar-
Yin Is warden of the Connecticut State
Prison and his report covered a wide
range of subjects in connection there
with. II. W. Hatch of Ionia, Mich., read
a paper entitled "A Contractor's View of
Prison Discipline." Superintendent Jo
seph Scott of the Massachusetts State Re
formatory spoke on "Civil Service in Pris
ons."
A general discussion followed on "The
Food Problem in Prisons" and "Recrea
tions and Privileges as Aids to Prison Dis
cipline."
At a meeting of the Prison Chaplains'
Association to-day the president. Rev.
William J. Batt of Concord 1 Junction,
Mass.. delivered his annual address, af
ter which a number of papers were read.
Political Debate Abandoned.
Interesting Papers Bead at the -Con-
METHODS OF HANDLING
PRISONERS DISCUSSED
River) was fired upon, and that the
\Vomen were taken ashore and butchered
In cold blood.-
Among those present at the conference
were Senator J. K. Jones, P. M. Johnson,
Vice Chairman Stone, National Commlt
teeman F. B. O'Brien of Minnesota D. J.
Campau of Michigan, B. F. Shiveley of
Indiana, Congressman Shafroth of Colo
rado. Governor Longlno of Mississippi and
J. Hamilton Lewis of Washington.
At the conclusion of his conference with
the members of the committee Mr. Bryan
gave out the following statement in refu
tation of a report that positions in his
Cabinet, should he be elected, had already
been promised:
"I have not given to any one. either
verbally or in writing, a promise of a Cab
inet position, and I shall not during the
CHICAGO, Sept. 24.— W. J. Bryan came
to Chicago this morning from his home in
Lincoln, held a conference with various
members of the Democratic National
Committee and returned to Lincoln thl3
evening.
Conference at Chicago.
Democratic Nominee Holds a Brief
"Lawton no longer walks about In Idle
ness: Liscum and Riley no longer walk
about in Idleness. "Was It Idle when
ChafCee at the command of the President
marched his troops forward, refusing to
wait longer for the other allied forces,
who said they could not advance, until
they were shamed into advancing by his
forward movement? Was It idleness when
the boy Titus sprang onto the walls sur
rounding an Immemorial despotism with
the flag that was to bring security and
liberty to the women and children starv
ing and waiting in. that dreadful barrier
surrounding and protecting the legations?
Walking about in idleness! The gallant
efforts of our men In the Philippines and
the doath of so many of them, it seems to
me. might at least spare them the Flight
and sneer of any of our own people."
?
BRYAN MEETS COMMITTEEMEN
spirit of civilization Into these waste
places of the earth. Afterward we ac
quired from Mexico what Is now Cali
fornia and New Mexico.- We also acquired
Alaska. The acquisition of all this terri
tory was opposed by men who used the
Fame arguments In that day that are
used by our opponents now."
Preparations on quite an extensive scale
were made for the reception of Governor
Roosevelt and his party at this place to
night. The special train arrived at 6:45
this evening. Excursion trains from var
ious parts of the State brought in quite 'a
number of visitors. Two evening meetings
were arranged for, one at Turner Hall
and the other at the opera house. Both
places were crowded and both audiences
were addressed by Governor Roosevelt.
Expansion; militarism and imperialism
were the points touched upon by Governor
Roosevelt in his remarks to-night. In
reference to Mr. Bryan's remark in a re
cent speech about the menace to the peo
ple of a hundred thousand troops walking
about in idleness, he 6ald:
SWOLLEN COLORADO RIVER
FLOODS TEXA5 T0WN5
campaign make any such promise. I have
not authorized and shall not authorize
any one. verbally or In writing, to promise
any Cabinet position, or any other posi
tion, to any one. If I am elected I shall
be absolutely free to discharge all the du
ties of the office according to my plat
form as far as the platform goes, and ac
cording to my own judgment In all mat
ters not covered by the platform.
"rcame to Chicago especially to confer
with the committee," said Mr. Bryan "I
wanted to talk with the committee now.
and when I come through on October 4
will have no time for such purpose. As
to Mr. Hanna's assertions concerning me
I have nothing to say. The public under
stands the situation. The agitation of the
trust question is meeting with success It
is something that appeals to every wo'rk
ingman.
Mr. Bryan, accompanied by J. Hamilton
Lewis of Washington, took the Burlington
road for Lincoln at 5:50 p. m. Vice Chair
man Stone will return to New York to
morrow.
WTLL FIGHT FOR 2TETW YORK.
the Empire State.
Bryan to Make a Strong Campaign in
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— It has been decided
by the Democratic National Committee
thai Mr. Bryan will make a determined
effort to capture the vote of New York
State. The matter was settled to-day at
a conference -at Democratic National
headquarters, at which were present, in
addition to Mr. Bryan himself, Chairman
Jones and Vice Chairman Stone of the
National Committee, Committeemen Cam
pau of Michigan and O'Brien of Minne
sota and Congressman Shiveley of In
diana.
It v.-as decided that Mr. Bryan should
be in New York from October 16 to Oc
tober 20, inclusive, and return there on
October 26. Whether he is to wind up tho
campaign In that State was not stated,
though practically agreed upon. The an
nouncement was not absolute, however
as the programme is still subject to
change.
The statement given out by Chalrmman
Jones after the conference was: "What we
have been debating this afternoon was
the programme for Mr. Bryan after his
dates in New York from October 16 to
October 20 and again on October 26 We
have agreed upon the plan, but cannot
give it out now, as it may have to be
changed in some particulars.
"Ex-Governor Stone, who has been in
charge of the New York headquarters, Is
the man responsible for the determina
tion to make the fight in that State. He
came here to-day with the statement that
while he could not promise that the elec
toral vote would be cast for Mr. Bryan
still the State was fighting ground, and
with Croker's help in New York City
there was a good chance of success. Tha*t
Croker would do all he could to help Bry
an, Governor Stone brought ample assur
ance."
AUSTIN. Tex., Sept. 24.— The terrific
rains which fell yesterday and the night
previous in Southwest Texas caused much
damage to ranch property, and some loss
of life. The Nueces River was filled al
most instantly by a cloudburst, and In
many places where the torrent of water
overflowed the banks ranch buildings and
live stock were swept away. Three Mexi
can families living on the Trajos ranch
below Uvalde are missing. The cultivated
farms' alone the river were badly dam
al Governor Sayers wired to-night to all
points south of here, warning notices that
the most terrific flood In the history of the
Colorado River, which flows by this city.
is now surging down through the moun
tain gorges to the northwest of here and
Is expected at this place by midnight. The
warning was sent out by Governor Sayers
In response to the following telegraphic
Sept. 24.— To Gov
ernor Sayers: Notify all towns on Colo
rado River and have towns notify country
people that the river is ten feet higher
than ever before known and is still rapidly
rising. Very urgent,
rising j ,. pHIL H CLEMENTS,
"State Representative."
The river has teen rising rapidly at Aus-
tin since 4 o'clock this afternoon, and re
ports from Goldthwalte at 8 p. m. *ay that
the water Is still rlpidly rising there. The
rise at that point was reported at fifty
eight feet at dark. Along the Colorado
watersheds heavy rains have fallen during
the past four days, and the rise reported
coming down now is twenty feet higher
than the one that broke the Austin dam
and wrecked the city light and power
plant last April. It is expected that the
advance of this great rise will sweep by
Austin about midnight, and all parties in
the lowlands to the south of the city and
all points reached by either telegraph or
telephone were communicated with by tha
Governor with the v.arning to escape.
Great alarm 13 felt as to the result of
the rise.
LLANO. Tex... Sept. 24.— San Saba. forty
miles north -of here, containing about 10OO
people, was partly swept away by the
flood In the Ban Saba River, which waa
still rising. All bridges had been carried
off.
The Colorado River here at 10 p. m. was
rising rapidly and people in the lowlands
have prepared to move out. having been
warned by the police.
No news could be had from San Saba
to-night, the wires all being riovrn. It in
feared there has been great loss of life
In the bottoms, as the rise was in the
night and came without warning.
the Premier's reference to Mr. Kruser.
Mr. Schreiner, former Premier, moved
an amendment to Mr. Sauer'a resolution
to the effect that the two republics should
be 'placed under the protection of the
Queen; with a guarantee preserving their
national existence /.
The House rejected the Schrelner
amendment and by a vote of 41 against 39
decided to go into committee ot supply
without discussing Mr. Sauer's motion
LOURENZO MARQUES, Sept. 24.-Brit
lsh patrols have reached the Portuguese
frontier. Boers continue to cross above
and below the portion held by the Brit
ish.- The riding horses of th« Boera are
in a terrible. condition.
LONDON, Sept. 24.-Messrs. Steyn ana
Reitz. says a dispatch to the Daily Mail
troni Lourenzo Marques, will remain with
the fighting burghers, and it is estimated
that a force of Boers, aggregating from
iOOO to 12.000 is planning to harass the Brit
ish lines of communication.
Lord Roberts reports from Pretoria un
der date of September 24 that the guards
under Pole-Carew occupied Komatipoort
this morning. The bridge was found
Intact. Much rolling stock, loco
motives, truckloads, a "lonsr torn" and
munitions were captured. Only a few rifle
shots were fired.
Roberts adds: "Paget captured
Eramussi camp, with 3000 cattle, 8000 sheep
and thirty-three prisoners. Methuen
made another big haul of stock."
General Roberts also reports the few
Boer troops remaining in Eastern Trans
vaal completely "out of hand." and saj-3
they are merely burghers, the foreign
mercenaries having gone to Lourenzo
Marques, owing to the Portuguese Gov
ernment promising to maintain them while
there and give them passage to their re
spective countries.
CALLS KRUGER
A CAPITALIST
AND A THIEF
Strong Language Used by
Sir Gordon Spring in
Cape Parliament.
Lord Roberts Reports From Pretoria
That the Guards Under Pole-
Carew Have Occupied
Komatipoort. • \;
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 24.— J. W. Sauer, the
former Commissioner of Public Works, in
troduced an Independence resolution in
the Cape Parliament to-day, declaring
that the spirit of Independence in the
Transvaal and the Orange River colonies
might be kept down with bayonets for a
time, but It would rise again. The peace
of South Africa, he further asserted, call
ed for the restoration of the independence
of the two republics.
Tho Premier, Sir J. Gordon Spriggr. re
plied , vigorously, advising Mr. Sauer to
address himself to Messrs. Kruger and
Steyn. In the course of " the debate the
Premier, referring to the attacks upon
capitalists, said that Mr. Kruger was the
greatest capitalist - in the country, and
that he was not only a capitalist but a
thief. J. X. Morriman, who was Colonial
Treasurer In the Schrelner Ministry, de
clared in an impassioned speech that an
nexation would result in England's losing
South Africa and in even worse things
for South Africa would lose England.
Several opposition' speakers condemned
Goebel Inquiry Stopped.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Sept. 24.-The
Franklin County Grand Jury reported
finally to-day that owing to difficulty in
procuring attendance of-witnesses from a
distance no further investigation could be
made of the Goebel assassination, but rec
ommended that certain persons be placed
under •• bond, to appear bff#re, the next
Grand Jury. '
Transport JLierman Sails.
WASHINGTON. Sept/ 24.— General Mac-
Arthur cables that the transport Sherman
sailed from Manila September 23 for San
Francisco.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Sept. 24.— The
Roosevelt special made a short
stop at Hanna to-day and Gov
ernor Roosevelt spoke a few min
utes to the people. Three hundred
miners, besides the women, came out to
listen to the spfeech. When this place was
named. Mark Hanna was a director in the
Pacific Coal Company, whose mines are
here. Governor Roosevelt reminded his
hearers of the times four and six years
ago when It was difficult for miners to get
work, and asked them to compare tho3o
times with the present, when all were em
ployed, and all obtaining good wages, and
asked If they wanted to change back
again to the hard times from "which they
emerged with so much difficulty.
Laramie was reached at about half past
2 o'clock to-day, and here two speeches
were made to permit all who wished to
tee and hear Governor Roosevelt speak.
The day meeting aroused a good deal of
Interest here. Governor Roosevelt said
in part:
"I do not appeal to you primarily as Re
publicans. I appeal to you as Americans. 1
appeal to you as citizens with whom the
¦welfare of the nation is greater than any
Other consideration, to stand above any
thing that is merely partisan. There are
two interests in this campaign. One is
the intere3t of our material well-be^?,
the Interest of the material prosperitr of
thift country. The other la the even more
important side, the question of national
greatness. }.h« question of the nation do
ing its duty as a great nation.
"Herein this Stateand in this city, whose
name commemorates the events of the oM
pioneer davs of struggle and of risk and
hardship, it surely Is unnecessary foPme
to call your attention to how this nation
first became the great nation that it now
i« and how it has moved forward, onward
and upward. If throughout pur history
we had had to deal with timid souls who
feared danger, and who feared to risk,
who feared to go forward when the na
tion went forward, you would not have
been here. We began to expand within
three years after the second Continental
Congress sat in Liberty Hall and declared
ourselves free and independent. In 1S03
occurred the greatest bit of expansion In
our history. Under the administration of
Thomas Jefferson we acquired what was
then called the 'Louisiana purchase,
which extended from the Gulf of Mexico
to the Rocky Mountains. Thomas JefTer
son was the author of the consent of the
governed doctrine, but he did not try to
push to so ridiculous and fantastic a con
clusion his theory as to get the consent
of the dwellers in that region before the
American people could take It. It was
right emphatically that we should deal
Justly with those we found in the land,
but it would have been folly and weak
ness for this nation to have halted In its
westward growth because of some fancied
scruples as to our right to introduce the
Answers Arguments of Anti-Expansionists by Referring
to the Louisiana and California Purchases.
ROOSEVELT ADDRESSES
MINERS IN WYOMING
A LATTER-DAY DON QUIXOTE.
Total $303 90
San Bernardino reports that a benefit
was given at the Opera-house on the 19th
Inst. and the sum of $246 25 raised for th»
Galveston sufferers.
San Luis Oblspo reports that contribu
tions for this fund ar« being raised In
that city and full reports will be mad*
later.
The subscriptions yesterday were as fol
lows:
Board of Tra<$e:
W. L. Braadsford. Red 1 ' Bluff -.... $3 09
Committee on Banks:
Italian- American Bank ..„...„.„...„„. J25 C9
Committee on Jewelers:
William P. Moron t» 00
Nordman Bro* .—.....«.... id 00
M. L.. Levy & Co 10 00
George Grrenz-wetg & Co 10 CO
J. 8. Lehrberyer A Co 1 80
Ehrenberg & ilurkhelm I (9
A. lluht |fio
Committee on Tec and Coffee Itealarst
Macondray ft Co ISO 09
Otis. McAllister & Co 30 00
George H. Moor* & Co » 00
S. H. Tyler A Co a 00
Charles F. Thlerbach & Co 10 CO
B^rtin & Leporl , ... 5 00
Uevre. Frtcka & Co 10 0O
Schwartz & Bros 10 00
Lee^e ft Haakina U 00
Mertln ft Co ¦ 00
Committee on F*um'.tur» D«a!ent
Heyorood Bros, ft Waksflell Co tV> 49
T. Brilliant 100
Joseph Fredericks ft Co ... t — 10 CO
K. H. Marwedel ft Co I 00
John Hoey 10 00
IX Itnch.it in ¦¦ 10 <X>
H. W. Frank WOO
Charles M. Plum ft Co CM
Bare Bros 19 00
Sterling Furniture Co 10 CO
The Bernard Mattresa Co 1» TO
Schleuter ft Volbers _ M> 0O
George Walcota * 00
Hugrh MeCabe - JW
Tb» Whitaker A Ray Co 10 00
O. L. Birkmaler * 00
Committee on Machinery:
MeeJ« ft Gottfried Co CS W
St. Helen* citizens 41 W
Healdsburg citizens • *2
Cash l°0C0
Red Cross Society:
A friend 8 »
A frisnd 1 »>
TotiJ to-day *M« M
Previously acknowledged ».31S 14
Total to date U3.S34 21
continue its labors until the money con
tributions reach $10,000.
Santa Ana reports that the Chamber of
Commerce of that city has forwarded to
the Texas Relief Committee (643 61 In
cash.
Pasadena reports that that city has al
ready forwarded to the Mayor of- Galves
ton $277 71 in cash and a large amount of
clothing.
Redlands reports that a special commit
tee has been appointed by the President
ff the Board of Trustees to solicit funds
for Texas sufferers and that In addition,
the churches were to take collections
Sunday for this purpose. Further reports
will be made as soon as collections are
completed.
Pomona reports that a special commit
tee Is at work and results will be mad*
known later.
Nevada City reports that $250 has al
ready been forwarded to Governor Sayers
and that a still larger amount will b<»
forwarded within a few days. The tota!
contributions will be reported later.
Lassen County reports that the Board
of Supervisors has appointed a special
committee to have charge of collecting
money for Texas sufferers in that county.
The committee consists of the following:
II. W. Meylert. JVank Streshley and
George L. Tomb, Susanville; G. w. Mey
lert. Janesville: J. B. Christie. Mllford:
H. P. Anderson. Hayden Hill, and N. Ble
ber. Blrber.
San Diego reports that two funds ar»
being raised In that city for the Galveston
sufferers and that on the 20th Inst. tho
following were the respective contribu
tions which had been forwarded to Texas:
San r»ic» Union fund „ |W» 80
San DieKO Tribune fund w 135 *0
Los Angeles reports that a special com
mittee has been appointed to solicit sub
scriptions In that city for "the Texas suf
ferers and that all collections being made
throughout the city are being turned over
to that committee, of which J. M. Elliott,
president of the First National Bank of
Los Angeles, la chairman. The committee
up to the 21st inst. had secured about $7000
in money, besides donations of provisions,
medicines and clothing, and it Intends ta
Reports of the work of outside cities and
counties are beginning to come in to the
State Relief Committee.
Just before the storm at Galveston. the
Galveston Tribune had almost ready for
Issue a publication entitled "Picturesque
Galveston" which was a book of one hun
dred pages filled with illustrations of the
illfated city. It was to have been Issued
this week by th« business men of the city
as a souvenir advertisement, but the
storm destroyed more than one-half of
the edition. The remainder has been re
covered and will be issued for the benefit
of. the victims of the storm. The volume
will be sold at $2 a copy, and Is described
as being well worth the price. It shows
Galveston as it was just before the storm,
and perhaps what it will be again. The
hook will be sold under the auspices of
the Galveston Relief Committee. TV. A.
McVitie, chairman. There are three or
four thousands of the volumes and the
first orders will be first filled. Those
orders that come too late will be returned
with the money they enclose.
Thirty-Thousand Mark.
YESTERDAY'S RELIEF WORK.
The Fund Coining Close to the
The Galveston Wharf Company has
entered into a contract for the recon
struction of grain elevator "B" and the
rebuilding of all wharf sheds, the work to
be completed within sixty davs. A con
tract for repairing grain elevator "A"
has already been let.
The storm swept away a great many
coffins which had been placed in vaults In
the city cemeteries. Among the missing
cofllng is that which contained the re
mains of Charles Coghlan. the actor, who
died here on November 27 last. His re
mains had been placed in a receiving
vault awaiting final disposition upon
order of his relatives.
Governor Sayers will arrive here to
morrow to confer with the central relief
committee in regard to giving out a state
ment of contributions received for the
relief of Galveston, also in regard to pro
viding funds for the support of necessary
departments of the city government.
The railroads are trying to replace their
track in the storm-swept district between
here and Houston, but nnd it difficult to
get men.
General Manager Kruttschnltt and Man
ager Van Vleck of the Southern Pacific
were here to-day and made an inspection
of the property of the company. The work
on the wharves has been resumed with
all the men available.
Nearly 1000 men went to work to-day
cleaning the beach front of debris and
dead bodies.
After being closed a fortnight, the sa
loons opened this morning with the con
sent of the Mayor.
GALVESTON. Tex., Sept. 21.— The Gal
veston News list of dead from the storm
of September 8 represents a total of 3853
names. The indications are that not
more than 4000 people will be actually ac
counted for. The News has made a dili
gent effort to get as complete a list of the
dead as possible. It -s reasonable to as
sume that 800 to 1000 people were lost
whose names are not obtainable, which
would make the total death list on Gal
veston Island about 5000. The News is of
the opinion that the death list on the
island Is slightly below rather than above
5000. This statement Is made notwith
standing the fact that there are close ob
servers at Galveston who are still esti
mating the death list on the island as high
as 7000.
Army of Men Busy Clearing the Beach
and Work of Reconstruction Will
Soon Be Commenced.
Believed at Least Three Thousand More
Perished Who Will Never Be
Accounted For.
LIST OF GALVESTON DEAD
NEARLY FOUR THOUSAND
"In the meanwhUe Mr. Tower fMr.
Charlemagne Tower. United States Km
l.assador to Russia) obtained permission
from the authorities at St. Petersburg for
*>ur journey over th« Siberian Railway.
Arriving at Irkutsk September 23. we took
a train and reached St. Petersbug Sep
jrrr.ber 3S. It is impossible to speak too
highly of the grent kindness of the Run
t-Jan official*. Everything possible wan
»iun«» for us by them, even to offering us
money. On Jhe trans-Siberian Railway,
though !t wnn ohoketl wit^i troops and
eloped to civilian*, the authorities provided
a reserved car for us. We passed immense
numbers of troops, apparently conscrlpt*
hastily collected. They wore no uniforms
»n>l iom« of them had no igruns. Most of
them wore *traw hats. At the United
Bto>«« 1-t.oatir.n at Bt. Petersburg we ex*
"After thirty-eight days of terrible anx
<ejy we reached l.'rjra, on the other side
et the desert. We presented a sorry Fpec
tucle. The Russian Consul General nae
most kind. He save up to us fourteen
roomi- in the consulate. But to our dl.«
may the Consul told us we must leave
forthwith, as there v.cre 2000 Mongol sol
dier? in the neighborhood who might be
bostllc. H<» also warned us that the tens
of thousands cf Mongol? were gathering
tor a religious festival, and that if we
valued m*r safety we had better clear out
•viihout dtlay. A fortnight later. August
U, we reached Xiakhta and remained
there until August :>?.
"Our caravan consisted of twentv ram
rls, nineteen horses and six camel carts
for the ladies and chiloren. For eight
• .i; s we traveled over nothing but sand.
The air •was like that of an oven, and
the was intenpo. The animals
had no grass and no water, ar.d marching
in the daytime v.as Impossible. At the
few isolated well* Mongols were encamped
In the vicinity and they refused to allow
us to dray/ water, fearing we would poi
son the wells.
"We had no Idea then of the terrible
journey which awaited us." continued Mr.
Williams. "We hurl no notion of having
to ••.-• c.;>k across Siberia, and only pro
posed to remain in eome place of safety
and return after the crisis. Wherever we
attempted to stop, however, the ofliclals
• irtlered us to leave forthwith, declaring
the Boxers were on our heels. Finally,
reaching a Mongol encampment at Ha
raut>b*, we saw that flight across the
great Gobi Desert was inevitable. Hav
ing secured a caravan, we started June 23.
Just before starting seven Swedish mis
sionaries 'A-ltU their families, who had Just
escaped with iheir lives. Joined us. One
lady had a horrible experience. She had
been almost clubbed to death, while some
of the males- were frightful spectacles,
being covered with blood.
LONDON. Srpi. 24.-The American Mls-
Efooai'tea Roberts. Mark Williams. Wil
liam Fprapue. Mrs. Sprasrue and Miss Vir
ginia Murdoch, who escaped, from Kal
pan. province of Chili. China. In June
and xicr* chased across the Gobi Desert,
thonee traveling by way of Siberia, have
just reached I^ondon In good health, al
though they endured terrible hardships.
The missionaries will proceed immediately
to the I'nited Slates. Mr. Williams, who
has worked in China for thirty-four years,
gave a representative of the Associated
Press an Interesting Ftory of his experi
ences. It appears that the first assault
on the mission compound at Kalgan wa3
made during the night of June 19, when
a yellow mob attempted to batter down
the gaie with stones. Seeing the useless
ness of remaining, the missionaries, in the
course of the night, evacuated the com
pound and prowvded to the magistrate's
yatnen. The following day they were or
dered to leave, the magistrate declaring
that he feared not only for the mission
aries" safety, but also for his own jamen
if he continued to protect them. After
allowing the Americans to drav/ their
money from the native bank, the magis
trate furnished them with fifty soldiers
as an ttcort through the great gate in
ihe wall into Mongolia.
ENDURED MANY HARDSHIPS.
Fliprht of Missionaries From China
Across the Gobi I>es«rt.
and of China." In both these notes the
administration apparently is proceeding
on the assumption that all the powers will
!•• willing to negotiate for peace after the
return of the Imperial family. Minister
Wu is confident that under proper puar-
ROteefl from all the powers the Imperial
family vill return, but it is apparent that
, th» guarantee of the United States alone
•would not be sufficient, nor would it
probably be *vpn if Russia and France
s-hould also b<? willing to extend protec
tion. Minister Conger will therefore be
required to up* his enod offices with other
representatives at Peking to induce them
t-i urge their Governments to enter Into
negotiations an<\ his efforts will be supple
mented by the authorities here. No or
ders hflvo yet been issued looking to the
withdrawal of troops, though the author
ities say they are likely to be given at
any moment.
«'anyir,£ out this purpose. Acting Secre
tary Hill i< preparing instructions to Min
ister Conger. The answer to the Chinese
Minister states that preliminary negotia
tions conducted by Minister Conger will
tf'iH'f to the "return of the Imperial Chi
nese Government and to the resumption
c.f its authority at Peking and toward the
negotiation of complete settlement by duly
appointed plenipotentiaries of the powers
Italy a:id Austria, agree ¦with Germany
in the desire that China first surrender
the guilty. Japan adopts a middle course,
an>1 accepting Germany's proposal, she
strenuously insists that responsible per»
eons be punished, but advocates precau
tions to prevent the miscarriage of jus
tiro. With the attitude of the ether pow
ers known. Great Britain is the deciding
factor. If she accepts the German pro
s''.sal. the agreement of the powers will be
broken. As it is. the variance of their at
titudes shows how far they are apart. It
was stated this afternoon by a well-in
formed diplomat that Germany probably
would withdraw her proposal If It were
found that, as a whole, powers were op
l>ns.ed to it. Even if (Germany were dis
posed to recede, however, it is pointed out
that a compromise is impossible, since the
1 "lilted States, in Its note to, Baron Von
Sternburg positively stated that "it is the
;>urj>n?c of thi? Government, at the earli
est practicable moment, to name its plen
ipotentiaries for negotiating settlement in
China, anil in the meantime to authorize
it* Mir.iPter at Peking to enter into con
ferences with duly authorize representa
tives of the Chinese Government with a
view to bringing about a preliminary
acreemmt whereby full exercise of Im
1 erial power for the preservation of order
.'<nd the protection of foreign life and prop
• rty throughout China, pending final ne
gotiations with the powers, shall be as
t-urod."
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— Whether
the harmony of the Powers shall be pre
served will depend to a large extent upon
GrcKt Britain's answer to Germany's pro
;>osal that the punishment of the Chinese
iesponslble for the anti-foreign outrages
be made a condition precedent to negoti
ations. Russia, France and the United
States are prepared to enter Into negoti
ations making the punishment demanded
by Germany as a preliminary part of the
general discusrion. There Is a disposition
to minimize the differences between the
United States and Germany, and it is
pointed out that the main reason actuat
ing this Government was the profound
conviction ihat a determined effect could
I* produced upon the Chinese people as a
whole only by allowins their own Govern
ment to degrade and punisli the guilty
j-crtles. The same punishment. If applied
by foreign powers, it is said at the totate
Department, would utterly fail of a re
formatory rffect, as the Chinese people
would venerate the memory of the mar
tyrs, while the Chinese Government,
ivhioh arrogates to itself the peculiar
right to reward and punish after death,
n::ght elevate the victims of the allies,
sind thus offer an incentive for a repeti
tion of ihe outrages.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Family Will Return.
Minister Wu Confident That With a Guar
antee From All Powers Imperial
pressed the opinion that Russia was pre
paring to seize Manchuria, but we were
informed that the American Legation had
been assured that Russia had no such in
tention."
ASSEMBLING A BIG FLEET.
United States - to Have Thirty-Six
Vessels in Asiatic Waters.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— The Navy
1 Department is doing everything In ltB
power to expedite the dispatch of ships
which the Government has decided to
send to the Asiatic station to reinforce
our fleet there. The Wilmington, attach
ed to the South Atlantic station, has sail
ed from Palmyra to Montevideo, where
she will coal and sail Immediately for
China via the Mediterranean. The cruiser
Albany now at the Piraeus, Greece, was
to-day ordered to proceed to Manila. The
other ships selected for service in Asiatic
waters, the battleship Kentucky, the gun
boats Annapolis and Vicksburg, and the
converted yacht Dorothea, are in Ameri
can waters and will go into drydock at
once, the Kentucky at New York, the
Vicksburg at Boston, the Dorothea at
L#ea#ue Island and the Annapolis at Nor
folk. The ships will not require much
time except in the case of the Annapolis,
which has been used as a training ship
and which must now be fitted out for
active service, but even in her case the
Navy Department estimates that not over
a month will be required. .It is expected
that all the vessels will have arrived at
their destinations by December 1. The
United States fleet in Asiatic waters will
then consist of thirty-six vessel*, by far
the largest American fleet ever employed
on strictly foreign service. Although many ;
of the ships are small, there will be a j
nucleus of heavy fighting ships that will
make a formidable showing in the event
that future complications should necessi
tate an American demonstration in Asi
atic waters. In case actual hostilities
should be necessary, the Pacific fleet,
which consists of the battleship Iowa, the
cruiser Philadelphia and a number of
smaller righting ships, will be In a posi
tion to effect a juncture with the Asiatic
squadron.
Admiral Remey will remain in command
of the American naval forces in the East
and probably will make the port of Ma
nila his principal headquarters. The fleet
will be divided into two divisions, the
first, cruising in the Philippines, to be
under command of Admiral Remey, and
the second, which will confine Its cruis
ing to Chinese waters, commanded by
Rear Admiral Kempff.
MAY MAKE 2TEW PROPOSAX.
Germany to Suggest That Powers
Form an International Court.
LONDON. Sept. 2S. 3:30 a. m.—A semi
official statement has been Issued In St.
Petersburg that the European Cabinets
are engaged in an endeavor to induce
Germany to abandon her demand, for the
surrender of the Instigators of the antl
forcign outrages as a preliminary to peace
negotiations.
The Vienna correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle asserts that Russia's reply to
the German note is very friendly, but that
although it appears to consent to Ger
many's proposal it practically disapproves
by asking whether it would not be best to
open peace negotiations llrst and to make
the punishment of the instigators of the
outrages the first subject of discussion.
According to the Berlin correspondent
of the Daily Express. Germany will make
a new proposal, namely, that the great
powers form an international court to try
the Chinese officials accused of complicity
in the outrages. -
Tne Morning Post has the following
from its Shanghai correspondent, dated
yesterday:
"The Russians recently organized an ex
pedition toward Mukden, which has al
ready reached Lio Yang, about midway
between Niuchwang and Mukden. It will
probably encounter opposition.
"Prince Tuan's ascendancy created a
very israve danger. The only hope for for
eigners is that the pro-fortlgn Viceroy
of Xarkin has not been removed. Tuan's
emissaries are working hard to get him
out of the v/ay by murder or suicide."
AMERICA'S STAND CRITICIZED.
Chinese Situation.
h-n Inspired Berlin Telegram on the
COLOGNE. Sept. 24.— The Kolnische
Zeitung publishes an Inspired telegram
from Berlin in which the Washington
Government's reply to the German note
is characterized as a manifest effort to as
sist the Chinese Government to accept the
proposals ¦with regard to the punishment
of the leaders in the Chinese trouble. The
telegram points out that though the
American reply shows an indulgent dispo
sition, it must not be deduced therefrom
that the Washington Government thinks
the United States' trade and missionary
Interests require less careful protection
than those of the other powers, but that
the United States Government i3 com
pelled to be Indulgent owing to the favor
able effect upon the situation in the Phil
ippines caused by the transfer of troops
from those islands to China. As a matter
cf fact, the telegram adds, the
vigorus and exemplary punishment
of the guilty counselors of the
Chinese court will be in accordance with
the interests of both American trade and
missionaries.
HUNTING OUT THE BOXERS.
For a settlement between the powers
and China it makes no difference, how
ever, asserts the telegram, whether Amer
ica co-operates any further or not. Forces
sufficient for all emergencies will remain
to secure the expiation demanded by the
civilized \7orld.
Chinese Troops Claim to Have Killed
More Than a Thousand.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24.-LI Hung Chang
telegraphs to the Chinese officials here
that his troops are hunting out the Box
ers in the province of Chill. They killed
more than 1000 of them at Bangchow and
dispersed large bodies at Ausub nnd Cha
chau, southwest of Peking. A dozen lead
ers were captured and publicly executed
bv decapitation an hour later. IA Hung
Chang adds that the surrounding country
will be free from Boxers In less than ten
days. They are returning to their farms
everywhere.
Russia's Proclamation of "Warning to
ANNEXES PART OF MANCHURIA
the Chinese.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 21.-Russia
h.is annexed all Manchuria occupied by
Muscovite eoldiers, and a proclamation
has been issued to the people pointing out
that annexation Is a punishment for the
attack on Blagovestschertsk. It is styled
a terrible vengeance, and the hop© is ex
pressed that it will serve as a warning to
the Inhabitants to respect the power of
Russia.
...... »
OCCUPIED BY THE RUSSIANS.
Capture of the Lutai Fortifications
Officially Reported.
VIENNA. Sept. "54.— The Admiralty has
received the following dispatch:
"TAKU. Sept. 24.— The Russians occu
pied the fortifications at Lutal yesterday."
Lutal la situated about forty miles
rorthe.nst of Tientsin, and is about twenty
miles due north of Taku.
CHRISTIAN WOMEN BUTCHEREI
HONGKONG, Sept. 24.— Advices from
Canton say that a boat load of native
Christian women at Kumchuk (on West
Her Answer to Germany Will Settle
Question of Harmony of the
Powers.
ENGLAND'S WORD MAY
END CHINESE DIFFICULTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEIV^BER 25, 1900.
2
— Plttsburg Dispatch
I New York Dental Parlors,!
0 With Gffice3 in Portland, Or., San Francisco, Cal., Se&ttls. Wash. j§
§ ANY WORK DONE BY US THAT D0E3 NOT PROVE SATISFACTORY WILL |
g BE ATTENDED TO FREE OP CHARGE AT OTJR NEAREST OFFICE. g
I FULL SET OF TEETH, $5.00. 1
1 Gold Crown $5.00 ff9 PlAitS fS^^fel i§j
§ Gold Filling $1 ' 00 -ga^^ED^^^^^ I
8: Silver Filling 50c |2fV^y^/->P\\J &
§ Teeth Extracted Absolutely Withant Pain. 1
Q "We are making: a specialty of rold crown and bridsa work; the most beaatlfaj. V%
Q painless and durable ot all dental work known to tha profession. Our name aloa* n
§wlll be a Kuarantee that your work will be of the b««t. Wt have a specialist la each «
department. Best operators, best gold workmen and extractor! of teeth; in fact, ail Q
the staff are Inventors of modern dentistry. We will tell you In advance exactly what S
y^ - your work will cost by free examination. Glre us a call and you win find w« do «x- rt
Y, actly as we advertise. A
I New York Dental Parlors, I
I 723 MARKET STREET, San Ffandsco, Cal. I
§ BRANCH p|g{^^g^j^o| IBOSS McNAB In his selection of
delegates to the Democratic Mu
nicipal Convention paid great at
tention to quality. Last night
representatives of the exclusive
Democracy assembled at Odd Fellows*
Hall to nominate Judicial officers and
transact other business. Jasper McDon
ald, chairman of the County Committee,
viewed the excluslves with pleasure. He
was proud to observe that there were no
political bummers or camp followers In
the convention. The chairman, Louis de
F. Bartlett, matched the convention In
point of style and aristocratic dignity.
He presided in a gentlemanly and decor
ous manner. Delegates rising to addres3
the. -chair were not Ignored or insulted.
The programme carefully arranged by
Boss McNab was executed to the letter.
The nominations foreshadowed in The
Call were made without opposition. The
Call announced that Lawlor, DalngerCeld,
Coffey and Costello would be nominated
for Judges of the Superior Court. Fifteen
legislative nominations as foreshadowed
In this Journal were duly recorded by the
convention last night.
Wild Enthusiasm Over the Name of Dainger
fleld — Convention of Excellent Person
nel" and Capacity for Business.
Boss McNab's Programme Carried Out to the
Letter by the Exclusive Democratic
Organization-Hearst's Tarn Down.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEES FOR SUPERIOR JUDGE.
Continued on Fifth Page.
The session of the convention would
have been devoid of enthusiasm and spirit
if W. R. Hearst had not in advance de
manded the exclusion of Judge Dainger
fleld from the ticket. It transpires that
such demand was directly made and
promptly denied. News of the incident
quickly spread yesterday a Al Democrats
from every section of the jClty began to
rally to Dalngerneld's support. Groups of
men on the sidewalk near the hall dis
cussed the Examiner outbreak and pre
dicted that Hearst's opposition would give
DalngerfieM an immense majority.
In the early proceedings of the conven
tion reference was made to the quallta^if
fearlessness In a Judge. The audience
caught the significance of the allusion and
responded with earnest and prolonged ap
plause. Later on. when candidates were
announced, there was a scene of great en
thusiasm following the mention of Daln
gerfleld's name. The delegates, deeming
an ordinary demonstration inadequate,
arose and cheered. The ovation accorded
to Dalngerfleld was the only event of the
meeting that was not on the programme.
A rope was stretched across the hall to
mark the boundary line between delegates
and outsiders. Seven police officers were
on duty at the rope, tut their services
were not needed to nut any one in or
bounce anybody out. The applause of
Thomas O'Brien was arrested by the po
lice, but O'Brien himself, divested of his
enthusiasm, was allowed to go free.
It may be said to Boss McNab's credit
that a finer looking political convention
never assembled in San Francisco. The
deportment of the delegates was beyond
reproach. There were no knock-downs
and drac-outs. In the Indorsement of
The Democratic party of the city and
county of Son Francisco, In convention
assembled, hereby reaffirms its alls
glance to the principles contained In tho
National Democratic platform adopted
at Kansas City and our unfaltering
loyalty to our matchless standard-bear
ers. William Jennings Bryan and Adlal
E. Stevenson.
We pledge our candidates for the Leg
islature to a faithful adherence to th»
State platform adopted at Ban Jose.
We call the attention of voters to the
nececslty of adopting the constitutional
amendment enabling the' Legislature to
enact a primary law.
An honest and fearlees Judiciary li
necessary to protect public and private
rights, and the well-known methods of
corrupt political bossism now In control
of the Republican municipal party will
cause voters to carefully scrutinize the
names submitted, and on behalf of our
candidates we appeal to the Independent
voters of San Francisco to vote for such
men as will, in case of their election,
be uncontrolled and unpledged.
We commend the administration of the
city government for Its Intelligent and
aggressive policy In inaugurating tho
new cfcarter, for the reduction of (u
rates, water rates and for the assess
ment of valuable franchises and other
property which by escaping taxation In
the past has thrown an unjust burden
upon all classes of our citizens. Natural
monopolies In the control of private
corporations breed municipal corruption,
and we approve the efforts that are being
made to bring the question of the owner
ship of a municipal water supply before
the voters of this city. By this means
corruption will be eliminated, the water
supply Improved and the future of San
Francisco and its population shall be
greatly benefited In this Important
branch of our municipal service.
The city of San Francisco |s congrat
ulated by the Democratic Municipal Con
vention on having a clean, honest and
Incorruptible administration In public
affairs — something rare In the history
of other American cities — and for the
part that the reorganized Democracy
has taken in bringing: about these condi
tions we ask a respectful consideration
of our candidates and a continuation of
public confidence.
PLATFORM OF
DEMOCRATS OF
SAN FRANCISCO.
interpret the law fearlessly and fairly —
and at this there was great applause.
W. W. McNair of the Thirty-ninth
nominated Frank C. Kenney of the Thir
tieth for temporary secretary. There waj
no other nominee.
Hull McClaughry then moved that a
committee of eighteen, one from each
Assembly District, on organization and
order of business, be appointed by the
chair.
J. D. Maxwell moved that a similar
committee on credentials be appointed.
M. H. Hernan moved that a similar
committee on platform be appointed.
These motions were all carried. A sug
gestion that the official roll be taken aa
correct was not heeded.
William Denman then moved that a
recesa of fifteen minutes be taken, during
which time the chair could arrange its
committees and the district conventions
could meet and make their nominations,
both for the Assembly and the State Sen
ate. This too was carried and the con
vention broke up for the time being.
When the 'convention assembled again
after the recess. Chairman Bartlett an
nounced his committee appointments as
follows:
Organlzatlon and order of business — Hull Mc-
Claufthry (chairman). M. Ryan. Joseph I. Law
less, J. McMenomy, Daniel Donovan. D. Atkln
con, Eugene D. Sullivan, Charles R. Hayden.
J. B. Vlzzard, John Fennell. W. H. Williams
Jr.. M. A. Livingston, W.- W. McNalr. Loula
T. Samuels. Stephen Potter. Curtis Hlllyer.
Richard "Wheeler, Gaorge Kelly.
Credentials— J. D. Maxwell (chairman).
LouU Valentine. J. Tomalty. William Casnon,
James Powe. W. C Miller. A. W. Thompson.
Thomas Brannan, Charles McCrystal. Lawr»nce
F. "Walsh, I. Stelnhart. Charles W. Meehan,
\T. B. Cope. W. P. Humphreys Jr.. John Mc-
Cormick. Z. T. Malaby, Dr. G. E. Caglieri.
Ds'.nlel Ryan.
Platform and resolutions — M. H. Heraan
(chairman). J. J. Greeley. J. J. Sweeney, H.
H. Plant. Oscar Hocks, Richard Schnutenhaus,
B. Hargafion. Thomas F. Alford, Louis Fer
rari. H. A. Jones, Charles A. Swelgert. John
W. Lewis. Joseph Slye. R. C. O'Connor. Wll-
Continued on Fifth Page.
McNab and the rebuke of Hearst - the
convention exhibited striking partiality
for the resident boss.
BARTLETT GETS FIRST HONOR
Elected Temporary Chairman of the
Convention Without Opposition.
It was nearly 9 o'clock when Jasper Me ¦
Donald asked "the delegates to take their
seats and their hats off." The delegates
heeded the order at their leisure, and then
McDonald called the convention to order
and asked that the nomination of a tem
porary chairman. Joseph M. Cumming
came forward and nominated Louis de F.
Bartlett, who, he said, would preside with
fairness and satisfaction, and to the ex
pedition of business. Bartlett was elect
ed by acclamation.
In accepting the chairmanship, Bartlett
said the campaign ahead would be a war
against. trusts, and to give the delegates
a chance to cheer, he said the battle
would be under the leadership of Bryan.
Their business for the evening, ha said,
was the nomination of Judges who would
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEES.
SUPERIOR JUDGE&
¦WILLIAM ,P. LA.-WT.OR.
WILLIAM R. DAIN'GERFIELD.
STEPHEN V. COSTELLO.
JAMES V. OOFFEY.
GAILLARD STONEY (short term).
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.
T. I. Flt«>atrtck.
John Proselc
Joseph B. O'Connor.
James E. Murphy.
D. S. O'Brien. »
SENATORIAL NOMINATIONS.
Seventeenth District — Joeeph M.
Plunkett.
Nineteenth District— Thomas E. Cur
ran.
Twenty-nrst District — William J.
Eagan.
Twenty-third District— No nomination.
Twenty-fifth District— J. J. CConnell.
ASSEMBLY NOMINATIONS.
Twenty-eighth District— Eugene Laeey.
Twenty-ninth District— Thomas Horan.
Thirtieth District— George McLaughlln.
Thirty-first District— John Sullivan.
Thirty-second District— Dr. Charles
Troppmaan.
Thirty-third District— Joseph Strand.
Thirty-fourth District— W. D. Hlne*.
Thlrty-nfth Dlstrict-^John A. Zolver.
Thirty-sixth District— James McCor
mick.
Thlty-seventh District— Alexander Mc-
Cullough.
Thirty-eighth District— Bert Schles
tnger.
Thirty-ninth District— W. T. McClaln.
Fortieth District— Solomon P. Ellas.
Forty-first District— Oscar Sutro.
Fcrty-second District— William D.
tVasson.
Forty-third District— J. J. McGutre.
Forty-fourth District— A. A. Cavar
naro.
Forty-fifth District— William Gately.
Woodward.
Thomas K. Case of the Forty-second
broke In at the end of it with an eloquent
seconding speech for Davis Louderback.
His effort was awarded with cheers from
his own and the Kelly factions.
Edmund Tauszky named Judge Edward
A. Belcher for renominatlon. and Leon
Samuels of the Twenty-ninth named
Thomas F. Graham, whose name produced
fully as much noise as did that of Ker
rigan earlier in the evening. , It also
brought Director General Kelly's cane into
action.
R. W. Roberts, new-fledged Assembly
nominee from the Thirty-eighth, sprung
an extremely mild surprise in the nomina
tion of ex-Judge Cooney, and then *wlth
the cheers of all factions Abe Ruef took
the stand to second eloquently, the nom
ination of ex-Judge Daniel J. Murphy.
The nominations were closed by Case of
the Forty-second, who claimed the stand
to place before the convention the name
of ex-Judge George W. Schell.
Absolute order prevailed before and dur
ing the balloting. None of the old fac
tional feeling was demonstrated save in
tho voting. A few of the anti-Kelly peo
ple stuck it out for Bahrs and Belcher,
who were turned .down. and. for. Codney
and Schell,. who never had a chance. At
the end of it the following were, named
NOMINEES OF DEMOCRATIC
PARTY FOR SUPERIOR
JUDGE FOR LONG TERM.
F. H. Mersbach of the Thirty-fourth In a.
short speech named Davis -Louderback,
and George R. Wells of the Thirty-sixth
said he felt proud to name Daniel J. Mur
phy, ex-Judge and District Attorney.
Thomas P. Woodward of the Fortieth
named Max C. Sloss, and in doing so paid
that aspirant high tribute. He referred to
his powerful family connections and his
powerful personality, and went surety for
the honesty and brilliancy of his term If
election should come to him. Chairman
Bergerot himself did the seconding and
was not less strong in his expression than
T. D. Dinkelspiel next claimed the stand
to name Judge George H. Bahrs for re
nomination. He thought it not advisable
to swap horses in the middle of the
stream, but Martin Kelly's cane did not
stamp approval and the gang did not en
thuse.
Turned Down.
Judges Bahrs and Belcher Are Coldly
FAILED OF E.EN0M1NATI0N.
tlon Is properly constituted." said John M.
Wilson of the antl-Kellyites, "I see it Is
unanimous and I take pleasure in second
ing the nomination of Judge Kerrigan.
It has been said that he has worked in a
barrel factory, but he won't be in a bar
rel factory on the day of election."
One Daley, who was sitting in the shade
of Martin Kelly, rose and in a hesitating
voice said he "didn't like Wilson's re
•rWe will strike out that part of the
address that reflects on the convention"
said Chairman Bergerot.
Then Riordan moved that the nomina
tions for short term be closed and
he got unanimous consent. A subsequent
motion by George R. Fletcher, Czar of
Richmond, to make Kerrigan's nomina
tion unanimous and direct the secretary
to cast the vote, found no dissenting voice.
• The call from the chair for the appoint
ment by the delegations of four county
committeemen from each district caused
The call for the vote on candidates for
nomination by districts resulted as fol
lows: Long. 1S8; Dunn, 231; Groezinger,
215; Daniels, 17SVfe: Joachlmsen, 165%. Hood,
whom the breaking of the slate in tho
stampede to Long's support forced out of
the fight totaled 128 votes. Prescott was
given 111%.
Case moved that the convention ratify
the nominations. Chairman Bergerot put
the motion and it carried.
Groezinger's nomination was seconded,
but other seconds were drowned in tho
stampede to the support of Percy V.
Long.
T. D. Riordan of the Forty-second
placed Thomas F. Dunne in nomination,
J. L. Nagle of the Thirty-sixth named G.
C. Groezlnger. A. C. Rulofson of th-3
Fortieth placed L. E. Prescott In nomina
tion, D. A. Ryan (who held Fred Lees"
proxy in the Forty-second) named John
Daniels, \V. S. Barnes of the Twenty
eighth placed Frederick H. Hood in nom
ination and H. G. W. Dlnkelsplel advo
cated the nomination of Henry L. Joach
imsen.
A. F. Allen of the Thirty-seventh Dis
trict was first to respond to the call for
nominations for Justices of the Peace. In
a lengthy address Allen presented Percy
V. Long for the consideration of the con
vention. The roar of applause that fol
lowed the announcement of I»ng's can
didacy portended a bolt from the slate.
Sloss. 196H: Louderback, 179: Graham. 192%;
Murphy. 191^: Bahrs, 74 Vi; Belcher, 61 T j; Coo
nev, 30; Schell, 55.
as the nominees of the convention for
the four "long terms": Max Schloss,
Thomas F. Graham, Daniel J. Murphy
and Davis Louderback. The result was
as follows:
MARTTK KELLY. Bergerot, his
chairman, and his majority of
the Republican County Conven
tion last night put through the
Kelly slate with but one eras
ure and with no trouble. The
opposition was there, and it was there in
force, but before last night it had been
demonstrated to the decent element In
the convention that to fight were less than
useless, and no fight was put up.
The two hours prior to the convention
were characterized by some of the quick
est and rawest "double-cross" work to
which Martin Kelly ever pleaded guilty.
Superior Judges George H. Bahrs and E.
A. Belcher, to whom the rotund boss of
Fifth street had promised renominatlon.
were turned down without warning, and
without any reason save Kelly's own and
"Tom" Graham and ex-Judge and District
Attorney Daniel J. Murphy were slipped
In their places. Kelly tried to hand the
same cold-blooded turn to Percy V. Long,
to whoso nomination as Justice of the
Peace he had consented, but Long was
made aware of his intentions, made his
fight on the floor of the convention and
beat the newly chosen "slate man" out
by a handsome figure.
CONTROL OF COMMITTEE.
In face of the expose made in the Call
yesterday morning, Kelly and his gang
did not dare put through the blanket
County Committee they had programmed.
Instead, they modified their plan so that
it would appear that the opposition would
have as much to do with the naming of
the committee as Kelly himself. The
proposition which they offered, and which,
perforce, was accepted, was that each of
the Assembly districts should name four
members and the chairman name eighteen
at large. The joker lay In the eighteen at
large. Chairman Bergerot, Kelly's man
Friday, will have the making of the list,
and since he has already announced bla
tantly that he is ready to take his mas
ter's bidding it Is evident that the balance
of power will be placed just where Kelly
wants it. Although every Assembly dis
trict named its committeemen last night,
Kfclly has decided that the eighteen at
large shall not be named until after the
election has occurred and he has had op
portunity to select those that prove faith
ful to him throughout the fight.
It to Bosses.
Barnes Introduces Resolution Giving
Chairman Bergerot opened the session
with a reiteration of his previous wexn
ing to "get out and register." And then
he broke another rule. Despite the fact
that the order of business demanded the
Immediate nomination of Superior Judges,
Bergerot permitted ¦William S. Barnes to
leave for a time the protecting arm of
Martin Kelly and sprinp. out of order,
the resolution which was calculated to
throw to Kelly and his cansr the control
of the County Central Committee, which
is to rule for the two years to come. The
Keily programme was nicely wrapped up
in the following package:
Resolved, That there shall be a governing
committee of the Republican party from all
of the Assembly districts contained within the
city nad county of San Francisco, consisting of
ninety members, whose term of office shall be
two years, commencing on the 1st day of Jan
uary. Wl. and endinjc en the 1st day of Jan
uary. 1503, and to eueh time thereafter as their
euccesFors shall be locally appointed and or
ganized. Said Kovernlnu committee shall be
appclnted as follows: The delegations repre
senting each Assembly district In this conven
tion shall arpoint four members of said com
mittee to represent the Assembly district for
which they are appointed, and the chairman of
this convention to appoint eighteen members
at Isrre.
nomhtatino judges.
The resolution was adopted with little
dissent. It would have been useless.
William Guilfoyle of the Thirty-sixth of
fered a resolution levying an assessment
of $10 upon each successful candidate, and
John Gibson introduced one providing
that nominating speeches be turned off at
the end of five minutes. Both motions
carried.
Frank H. Kerrigan Proves the Popu-
lar Candidate.
It devolved upon Attorney Thomas D.
Riordan to make the first nominating
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEES.
JUDGES OF SUPERIOR COURT.
DAVIS LOUDERBACK.
THOMAS F. GRAHAM.
MAX SLOSS.
D. J. MURPHT.
FRANK H. KERRIGAN (short term).
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.
Thomas F. Dunn.
G. C. Groeelnger.
H. L. Joachlmsen.
SENATORIAL, NOMINATIONS.
Seventeenth Senatorial District— James
E. Flynn.
Nineteenth Senatorial District — R. J.
Welch.
Twenty-first Senatorial District—Ed
ward I. Wolfe.
Twenty-third Senatorial District— John
G. Tyrrell.
Twenty-fifth Senatorial District— John
H. Nelson.
ASSEMBLT NOMINATIONS.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District-
Charles R. Franklin.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— J. F.
Collins.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Michael
McBri<le.
Thlrty-flrst Assembly District— John J.
Hourlsan.
Thlrty-Fecond Assembly District— "Wil
liam J. Evatt.
Thirty-third Assembly District— John
Butler.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— E.
D. Knight.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District—Ed
ward F. Tread well.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District—Wil
liam J. Guilfoyle.
Thirty-seventh Assembly District-
Frank B. MacBeth.
Fortieth Assembly District— Hamilton
A. Bauer.
Forty-first Assembly District— Henry
C. Dibble.
Forty-second Assembly District—Lo
renzo Henry.
Forty-third Assembly. District—Mar
tin W. Brady. „. «
Forty-fourth Assembly District—Alex
ander Campbell Jr.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— Cteorte
C. Brown.
speech of the evening. Chairman Ber
gerot, after the preliminaries were ' over,
announced as the first order of business
the selection of a nominee for the unex
plred term on the Superior bench, and
XUordan came forward to name the popu
lar nominee of the evening, Frank H. Ker
rigan.
In offering Kerrigan's name Mr. Rior
dan spoke as follows:
"It Is a source of great pleasure to me
to seize this opportunity of placing in
nomination a gentleman whom I have
known both professlonaly and socially
more than ten years. He Is not young;
not old, though comparatively old in ex
perience. I have often listened to that
stereotyped eulogy of men, wherein they
have been referred to as self made men.
Still in this case I feel Justified in so re
ferring to him whom I am about to place
in nomination, the Honorable Frank H.
Kerrigan.
"In the truest sense of the word. Judge
Kerrigan is a self made man. Through
the fields and the factories he has labored
to the honorable position he now occu
pies. During his six years on the bench
of the Justice's Court he has honored the
Republican party and will bring greater
honor to it as Judge of the Superior
Court."
"Though I do not believe this conven-
Martin Kelly's Convention Puts Through the
Slate and the Fifth Street Boss Names
the New County Committee.
Crooked Politics and Faithlessness Accom
plish a Characteristic Triumph ior Un
clean Republican Masters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.
REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS NAME MEN FOR THE COMING LOCAL FIGHT
3THE ILLUSTRATION SHOWS ROEBER MAKING A PICK-UP FROM
THE MAT. HE USES THIS METHOD WHEN HE FINDS HIS OPPO
NENT TOO LOW TO, OBTAIN AN EFFECTIVE HOLD.
WIIX MEET TO DISCUSS
STANDARDS OF VALUE
Annual Conference of Appraisers
From Various Ports to Be
Held in New York.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24 —Appraisers from
the ports of Philadelphia, Boston. Balti
more, Chicago, San Francisco, Buffalo.
New Orleans, Detroit and Cleveland will
meet to-morrow at the appraisers' store
in this city to discuss the schedule of
appraisement for the coming "--ear. Every
year this conference of appraisers is held
to discuss standards of value and to
secure unanimity in the appraisal of such
goods as ordinarily pass through their
hands,
"It Is necessary, too. when the character
of the imports changes from year to year
to decide under what paragraph of the
tariff law certain articles are to be ap
praised. A difference regarding an ap
parently minor point like this, it is de-
OMER, Mich., Sept. 24.— The business
portioirof this village was destroyed by
flr«:to-day. Low 150,000. • . •,,
Business Section Burned.
REVOLUTIONISTS ARE
ACTIVE IN COLOMBIA
Attack the Town of Carthagena, but
Are Beaten Off by Troops
From Colon.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. Sept. 24.— Direct
advices from Carthagena, Colombia, say
the rebels are active in that department
On September 3 they attacked the town
but • Government troops from Colon ar
rived JuBt in time to prevent their suc
cess. The rebels, who are under General
Camacho, will Join hands with the forces
of General Urlbe. • ;*•; ;. ,; -' ,
Plans are proceeding for another"' revo
lution for the new but unrecognized Gov
ernment. „ ; .'* . „. . vi
MYSTERIOUS SMITH LOSES.
the Fight.
Deliberately Fouls Walcott to End
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept. 24.— Joe Wal
cott and Mysterious Billy Smith fought at
the Coliseum to-night, the fight being
scheduled for twenty .rounds.' At every
stage of the fight Walcott proved him
self to be Smith's superior. ? He fought
him all over the ring, landed at will, and
at the- end of the ninth round Smith had
received so much severe punishment that
he complained of his left hand, being- bad
and wanted to quit. •••¦•¦.
The referee refused to allow him. to do
so and In the tenth round Walcott went at
Smith 1 " hammer and tongs, administering
terrific right and left swings to .the
stomach and head. SmlthT who had
fought foul in some of the earlier rounds
realized that he was no match for Wal
cott. deliberately fouled him by holding,
whereupon he wan disqualified and sent to
his corner by the referee and Walcott was
declared the winner.
Cash Sloan Wins.
* PARIS,, Sept. 24.— At; : the. first Interna
tional meeting to-day at Maisons L,afltt6
Cash Sloan won the Hanaicap.de la Ta
mlse, 20,000 francs, over a course of 1800
meters, on Prince J.Murafs Diction. The
Prix de la Manche.- 10,000 francs, over a
course of 1000 meters, was won by Rigby,
the American- jockey, on Mme. Menier's
Avant Garde, ,
BOSTON AND NEW YORK TIE.
Game Stopped in the Seventh on Ac-
count of Darkness.
Clubs— W. L. Pct.1 Clubs— W. L. p c t
Brooklyn ....73 60 .5931 Chicago 60 <!7 .472
Pittsburp ...73 B3 .BSOlBt. Louis. .. .56 6S .452
Philadelphia G6 58 .532 Cincinnati ..54 71 .433
Boston 61 61 .WXMNew York. ..53 70 .431
BOSTON. Sept. 24.— Bouton ana New York
played a tie raw" to-day, the game being called
at the end of the seventh inning on account of
darkness. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. B
Boston ;. 14 19 «
New York 14 12 S
Batteries— Lewis, Pittinger, . Sullivan and
Connor; Carrlck, Seymour, Taylor and Grady.
V m pire— Snyder.
ST. LOUIS, Bept. J4.— Young was first in a
pitchers' contest to-day. Attendance 1100.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louig 14 1
PittBbursr 0 4 >:¦>,' t
Batteries— Touna; and Criger; "Wadaell and
Zlmmer. Umpire— O' Day.
BROOKLYN, Sept 24.— Philadelphia won to
day's game from Brooklyn by bunching two
triples and a brace of singles, with a' couple of
errors in th<s seventh. Attendance 2660. Score:
Clubs— U. H. E.
Philadelphia 9 u i
Bfooklyn •••• •'' 8
Batteries— Orth arid' Douglass ; : McGlnnlty and
Fnrrell. Umpire — Hurst. r
Fort Erie Results.
BUFFALO, Sept. 21.— Results at Fort
Erie:-* •
Six furlonjcs— Minnie won, Tyrba second, 811
ver Garter third. Time, 1:16U.
Five furlong-a — Claude Welton won. Commuter
becond. Warren third. Time, 1:04.
One mile— Harirrave won, Leon Bauer second.
Olcott third. Time. 1:44.
Five and a half furlongs— Alea won. The
Jade second, Ben Mac Dhul third. Time, l:09>4.
Seven furlonjirs— Cherry Head won, Alex eeo
ond. Ocie Brooks third. Time, l:2S>i.
Six and a half furlongs— Prince Plausible
won. Cad Hazel second, L. W. third. Time
1:22. ' "
The Union Park Coursing Association
held its regular midweek reserve stako
draw last night at Pythian Hall. Fifty
six speedy -hounds are entered and the
coursing on Wednesday should prove ex
ceptionally good. The draw resulted ' as
follows:
J.. Byrne's Master BIy vs. T. J. Mclnermy'g
TteRina R; T. J. Cronln's Depend On Me vs.
Chlarini Bros.' Palmyra: T. J. Mclnerney's
Johnnie R vs. T. J. Cronln'e Terry McGovern;
J. Byrne's Olympus ve. M. B. Kavanajth's
Swedish: F. Boyle's Secret vs. J. Smith's Mas
ter Workman; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs
vk. Jeff Martlnett's ' Slim; Paaha Kennels'
Round About vs. L.- F. Bartels', Best Bargain;
Patha Kennels' Random Aim vs. R. L. Tay
lor's Beauty Spct: T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy
Rex va. J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste; Sterl A
Knowles' Was v«. Aeneld Kennels' Achilles;
J. Cone's Red Glen vb. L. F. Bartels' Banner
ttrifcht; Pasha Kernels' Recordlm? Angel vs.
A. Myer's Rowdy Boy; E. Doherty's Bawnmore
vs. T. J. Cronin'a Vixen;. W. Cramer's Jesse
Moore vs. J. H. W. *Mu!Ws Cruiser; T. K.
Harrington's Southern Girl vs. Aeneld Kennels'
Athena; T. J. Cronln's Maid of Ball vs. Cnla
rlnl Bros.' Bunko Bill; Pasha Kennels' Risky
Attempt vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist;
J. Dennis' Very Interesting vs. D. Ford's Bo
n-ita; E. Doherty's SprinRflelfl Boy vs. R. E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Sara; Kerrigan & Schen
del's Wlnslrjw vs. E. Geary's America! Sterl A
Knowles' Amarosa vs. L. F. Bartels* Betsy
Baron: T. Hood's Lady Geraldlne vs. Aenetd
Kennels' Aeneas; F. A. McComb's Little Sister
vb. E." Doherty's Hartford Lass; P. Doyle's
Wild Monarch vs. F. A. McComb's Patriot;
Bterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold vs. KerriR-an &
Schendel's Kearsarge; W. Cramer's Lily Right
vs. R. E. de B. Lope* & Son's Diablo; R. E.
de B. Lopez & Son'n Dairy Maid vs. R. E. de
B. Lopez & Son's Wombat: Sterl & Knowles 1
For Glory vb. George Sharman's Bonaparte.
Fast Dogs Entered to Con-,
test for the Midweek
V Stake;
SAN MATEO PARK
HAS A GOOD CARD
The annual meeting of the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur, . Athletic Unipn
was held last night in the Olympic Club
Building. The various clubs were repre
sented by the following delegates:
Ariel Rowing Club: J. R. Bockman. A.
Taylor and J. O. Connell. South End Row-
Ing Club: A. J. Milletz, J. E. Scully and
J. D. Mahoney. Pioneer Rowing Club: C.
Ochs, G. Callopy and T. J. Sands. Dol
phin Swimming and Boating Club: W.
Patch, Joseph Keenan and A. P. Roth
kopf. Alameda Boating Club: J. A. Ham
mersmith, \V. B. H. Weyman and "W. G.
Hanson. Amateur Academic League: P.
K. Rausch, H. Hauser and George Elliott.
Olympic Club: E. Connolly. G. James and
A. Brennan. University of California:
Colonel G. C. Edward and "W. P. Dunn.
Reliance Club: H. A. Keeler.
The report of the treasurer showed a
balance of $263 55 in his hands as the result
of the year's work. President Bockman
epoke at length on the conditions of the
various .branches of athletics on the
"coast, showing that they were improv
ing. Colonel Edwards df the Uni
versity of California 'n n neat speech con
gratulated the members of the associa
tion on the evident revival of interest in
athletics, remarking that competition be
tween university athletes and members of
outside clubs would in the near future be
revived. ¦ . ,
It was decided that the association pre
sent gold medals to the athletes who
break coast records at the meet to be
held under the auspices of the Olympic
Club at Tanforan Park Saturday, Sep
tember 29. The following named delegates
were elected as a board of managers for
the ensuing year: John Elliott, W. B.
Hinchmarl, A. P. Rothkopf, George
James. T. J. Sands. B. Hutchinson. J. R.
Bockman, H. A. Keeler and A. J. Millelz.
The list of entries for the events next
Saturday greatly exceeds the number ex
pected, and embraces the names' of the
following athletes:
Shotput— R. W. Edgren. O. A. C; A. D.
Plaw. IT. C-; V.. Victor Li-fda. Y. M. C. A.
(Oakland); R. I. Woolsey, U. C.j R. C. Mau.
O. A. .'C. : C. M. "Wardell, Stanford; R. L.
Brooke, Stanford; C. Volz, A. A. L.
Hammer-throw— R. W. Edgren. O. A. C. :
A. D. Plaw. U. C; R.L. Brooke, Stanford;
W. J. Cutter,' O. A. C. ; C. Volz, A. A. L.
«0 yards— W. F. Davis, Stanford; F. "W.
Burehers. O. A. C. : R: R. Service. "U. C. :
F. Ferem. unattached; J. F. Doyle, O. A. C ;
M. EsDlnosa. O. A. C; H. A. Wyckoff, A. A.
L. ; H. S. Thompson, A. A. L. ; O. II. La Val
llet-e. A. A. L. ; W. F. Dunn, Stanford; P. C.
Cerhardt, O. A. C. :
!20 yards— Earl Clement, N. Y. A. C; Norton
Wilcox, A. A. L. ; H. L. Thomson, A. A. L. ;
J. F. Doyle, O. A. C; W.F. Dunn. Stanford:
P. C. Gerhardt, O. A. C. ; W. M. Jones, H E
S.; F. L. Turpln, A. A. L.J C. Healy, A. a
L. ; W. Jacobs, unattached ; W. P. Dunn, U C '
Louis Dorr, O. A. C; W. J. Cutter, O. A. C. '
Running hlith Jump —^^S'illlam A. Powell U
C. ; V. Victor Llgrda, Y. M. C. A. (Oakland)';
R. C. Clifford, U. C. ; J. D. Hoffman. U C ;
N. E. Dole, Stanford; W. J. ,Cutter. ' O. A. C;
W. Cavanach, O. A. C; J. M. Beach, Stan
ford. '
lirnnii jumo— F. H "Bowles. A. A. L.; K. I*
Abaclie, O. A. C. ; E. Topham. Unattached- H*
J. IrWin.O. A. C. ; W. F. Stapff Jr. H. F* 3 '•
F. W. Burgers, O. A. £.; W. J. Cutter, <)". A.'.
C; W. P. Drum. tj. C! Chester Niramop-
Slnnrord: James We! ler, A. A. L.; E. C. Man'
O. A. C. : Ii. 8. Lyons. Stanford.
120-yard hurdle— John A. Wilcox, Y. M. C A
(I\?rtland); .TiuneB Weller, A. At,.; Robert
Thomas. O. A. C. ; W. A.. Powell, U. C. : Fnrk
II. Boi\l«-s, A. A. L. -— "
220-yard hurdle— John A. Wilccx, Y. M C A.
(Portland); James Weller, A. A. 1*1 "Chester
Naramore. Stanford; Robert Thomas O. A. C :
N. A. Powell, U. C.;.Roy I. Wooleey. V. C-
A'ictor Llgda, Y. M. C. A. (Oakland). -
' Pole vault— J. M. Beach, Stanford; H J
Boyd, unattached ; W. J. Cwtter, O. A ' C •
Stanley Burpee, Y. M. C. A. (Oakland); Nor
man E. Dole, Stanford; Jack D. Hoffman, IT.
C. : H. J. Irwln. O. A. C: John A. "Wilcox. Y.
M. C. A. (Portland) : C. Vol«. A. A. I,
SSO.yards^Henry A. Wyckoft*. A. A. I*.; C. C.
Bailey.' U. C. ! M. Esplnoea, O. A C. • R O
Clifford, V. C; J. P. boyle, O. A. C: William
Lament, O. A. C. : L. Cavalier. H. E. School:
A. W. rape. O A. C; F. Ferem. unattached;
R. R. Service, U. C; W. S. Graves. A. A. L. ;
Ii. C. Mathewson, A. A. L.; F. W. Burners, O.
A. C.; W. R. Hamilton, Stanford; W. F. Pavls
Stanford: Charles Smllie. A. A. L.; C. Noaly.
A. A. L.: Everett Smith. O. A. C.
100 yards— William P. Drum, U. C: J. P.
llerreshoff, IT. C. ; Weber M. Jones, H. E. H
S. : Eugrene Foures, H.- E. H. B. ; Floyd . Tur
plne. A. A. I*; W. J. Cutter, O. A..C; Clyda
Healy, A. ¦ A. Ii. ; Earl Clementn. 'N. Y. A C •
John A. Wilcox, Y. M. C. A. (Portland) ; P. C.
Gerhardt. O. A. C; Ed C. Mau. O. A.a;
Harold L. • Manor, O. A. C; Walter F. Dunn.
Stanford ;. P. E. Lamb. Stanford; O. H. Le
Valllere. A. A. L.; Norton Wilcox, -A/ A L.:
5- ?- f£?A le - °' A - C - '' Victor. Llffda, Y. M.
C. A. (Oakland); L. S. Lyons, Stanford
Amateur Association' Meets
and Plans Track and
Field Games.
ATHLETES SHOW
GREAT INTEREST
clared. will work harm to the business of
some ports and add unjustifiably to that
of others. After these annual conferences
the differences are adjusted, each apprais
er deciding his cases according to the
common standard.
Failure of Stockbrokers.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24. — Announcement
was made to-day of the suspension on the
stock exchange of Egbert Mills & Co. At
the office of Mr. Mills It was stated tha»
the suspension had been caused by th«
failure of customers to put up additional
marKins on demand. Mr. Mills estimated
that his customers had been lone of th»
market In steel and iron shares. Mr. MilN
places his liabilities at $23,000, with enough
Will Meet at Chattanooga.
DES MOINES. Sept. 24.— At the session
to-day of the Brotherhood of Locomo
tive Firemen Chattanoog . Tenn.. was
selected for holding the next meeting in
1302. The two weeks' session will con
clude to-morrow.
The first race of the day. mile heats,
two in three, had four entries and was
won by Athavts driven by Misner, in two
pucces=ive heats. The second race, miie
heats, three in five, needed but throe
Three books operated in the betting ring.
Owing: to. the small attendance thp betting:
was very light and the "bookies" conse
quently very heavy In mind. . Xext week
when the bip trotters and pacers have any
number of days the "bookies" will oe
kept busy.
sics, helped enliven the spirits of the few
who clung: to the benches in the grand
stand and shouted for their favorite
drivers. To-day the horse show will be
£!n and the polo teams, composed of
Burlinf-rame players, will hold the turf
¦stape and shine in the reflected light of
society's presence. . •* '
NOT very auspicious was the open
!::«¦; of the San Francisco and San
Mat«H> Agricultural Association's
F;iir at Tanforan Park yesterday
p.ftomoon. Attendance was the
Jrji-kingT quantitv. but even the most en
ihufiasflc and hopeful of the promotPiv
of this fair di<l not expect a larger crowd
nn rhe firFt day. They are satisfied and
Fay th» fair -will surely prove a success.
According to schedule the day belonged
to the memberp of the Golden Gale Park
Privinp Association. Three harneFs races
made up the prosrannrne. all run in mil"
h^ats. During the Interim between track
• vent? the band. revellr.K in a potpourri
<->f rag-tirnos and excerpts from the clas-
Fixly-Six Entries in the
Union Park Midweek
Stake.
FAST DOGS FOR
ELUSIVE HARES
T. Welch** Little Lucy vs. J. KenncSy's
¦\v;n«> AVfst; P. M.,Osrkson'» Flower cf Oolil
\«. <^,rfr*- RhannJn's !V>na Fldo; T. Burtn's
Honocnn m W. C. Badger's Alaxneda Lad;
Canitell Brot.' St.. HriPti vs. J. O'Dowd'ts Shoot
onr; .1. Dean's Oallant vs. V.'. M. Healy's
I^ady "U't'-": J- Kniwning-s Mountain Bell
vs. Y>. Shannon's So!!<l BUTCT: Connell Bron.
vrblte Hat vb. T. Ouottcy-a Moderty: F. L.
NMrholR I>»ar Kir.-? vf. Ccm&rejr & KouBht'*
N":rhtir.Kalf: 3. H. P?rigo'« ('ontmllpr vc J.
Ix>nntm> J<>nni<» Kagm; F. Mark's £><?!!a M V*.
J. H. P'Tigr/K ppnnisrrant*: M. London's Mas
reto vf. L,~nde ti <l« > rh'T'? i^oncord; J. K.
Monohan* Tir<-4 Out vf. 5chalcr Bros.' Fai
<;!»n; D. Phannon's Saf*- <»uard vs. Pehafer
Hrr>F.' Thurd»rtK>lt : ¦">>«•<; & Thompson'f St.
i~>ri<*n vs. J. IT. Prrino's Querita Vincent; J.
'V.Jtine' Birhmon<5 <wu«<*n vs. W". C. Glasson's
fleifrh BfV.f. <"onT2<-U Bros.' Master n-jeker vs.
D OTnnneirF Fatan: J. McNJchnl's Fmsty
Morn vs. J. Hurley's niu»ist: E. Reddy'3
v«. H. A. Dwki'lT.an'f Ruby Rock
et; I>owe A- TJiomnson's Ojra Pfarl vs. X\*.
'~a.'.rT,'i» Glad;? Weller; T. Cooncy'B Pweet
FavnrdaJf \s. A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty;
Pullfvan A Trainer's Maid of the Hill vs. W.
J. Muman^'s \V)H W«v»: P. MoOabe's Craig
Boy vs. J. Hurley's Shylock Boy; M. Bhep
rar<5'p The Kxile vs. Pondrey & Rought'B Daley
Bell: J. Cones Ca.il/ornla vs. J. E. McCor
mark't *n-hit»» Lily: M. Appl'hy's E. G. W.
vs. C. O. Peterson's Pilvipr Cloufl; J. Cone's
Ti*-<i G>n vs. Ixiwe * Thompson's Pink of
Ferhion; J. MeCormack's Proud Beauty vs.
J. Kennedy's Ever f-hor»; A. Johnson's Tod
F'oan vs. J. M. Hoff' AVautaugh.
Fifty-«=ix dops were -drawn last nipht at
Pythian Hall for a day's coursing at San
Bfkteo Park on Thursday. The usual mld
veek r>r;zPF will be givpn and coursing
will br-piii upon th»» arrival of the 1O'.J5
train. The draw resulted as follows:
PRINCE OF WALES
HIRES TOD SLOAN
Other Horsemen May Follow
His Example and Em
ploy Americans. %
One mile and a sixteenth— Bangor won. Ri
naldo second, Miss Hanover third. Time,
l:«7 8-5.
One mile and an eighth— Star Bright won.
Decanter second, Favonlus third. Time.
1:53 2-5.
Five furlongs— Fannie Maud won, Maria Bol
ton second, Nonpareil third. Time, 1:02 4-5.
One mile and seventy yards — Beau Gallant
won, Kinnikinnic second, Aeouith third. Time,
1:46 1-5.
I'arkvllle handicap, about six furlongs — Kll
lashandra won, Contestor eecond, Rockton
third. Time, 1:10 4-5.
XET5T YORK. Sept. 24.— Only two favor
ites won at Gravesend to-day. Results:
Five furlongs — Criterion won. Brandy Smash
second. Bedeck third. Time. 1:01 4-5.
Two Favorites Win.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— Water Plant won
the firft race at Hawthorne to-day at odds
of 40 to 1. Results:
Fix furlongs — Water Plant won. If Ton Dare
second, Fondo third. Time. 1:15U.
Six furlongs — Mlnyon won. Mitten eecond.
Emma It third. Time. 1:16.
Steeplechase, short course — Frond won. Mr.
Dun]»p SKonA. La.Ft Fellow third. Tlm«. 3:1S%.
Five and a half furlongs — Frldolin won.
Kohnwreath second. La Desirous third. Time,
1:07%.
One mile— Fppclflc won, Love's Labor second,
F.va Rice third. Time. 1:41%.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Hood's
Brigade won. Highland Lad second, Larkspur
third. Time. 1:48%.
Water Plant Wins.
Kentucky Stock Farm futurity, purse $200ft—
Hawthorne won two straight heatr, each In
2:25'4. Mary P. Leyburn, Allethena and Green
Silk \l«n started.
2:26 class, trotting, purse $1000 — Crlto won
the first, second and fourth heats In 2:13%.
2:HH. 2:15>4. Lady Thlsbe won the third heat
ir. 2:184. Little- Helen. Springdale. Major
Grpnr. Porto Rico and Hammond also started.
2:30 class, pacing, purse $1000 — Lady Alrirht
won three straight heats In 2:16. 2:14U. 2:15»4.
Daley, John Cuyler. Johnnie F, Senator Snlley,
Commutation and Wafer also started.
turity at Terra Haute.
TERRA HAUTE. Ind.. Sept. 24.—Sum
mary: >
2:16 clavs. pacing, purse $1000 — lone won the
second, third and fifth heats In 2:03%. 2:10. 2:10.
Dal*>- J won the first and fourth In t-.UH,
2.-0SV ¦I'Mle J, Saul, Lagoda. Pearl Sherbet.
There?*-. Wilkfi^. Clesle. Frank HcKlnney, Cuba
Captures Kentucky Stock Farm Fu-
HAWTHORNE THE WrNTTES,
TX)Nr>ON, Sept. 24.— A-s a cnlmlnatlon of
the ascendancy of Ameilcan jockeys, it Is
announced to-day that the Prince of
"Wales? has cngaped Tod Sloan, at a larpre
retainer, for 1901. Many horse-owners
who have hitherto hesitated to desert the
home talent, will doubtiess follow the
royal lead.
Six furlongs, selling— Master Mariner won,
Maggie Davis second, Ned Wlckes third. Time,
1:12^.
One mile, selling— Meddlesome won, Glen
lalte »f>cond. Jim W third. Time,*. 1:41%.
¦ Six furlongs— W. J. Baker won, Doublet sao
ond, Loving Cup third. Time. 1:14H- -
Four and a h«lf furionirs— Duelliet won. Small
Jack eecond, Edna Green third. Time. :54l^.
One mile and a quarter, selling— Innuendo
von, Xandnra second, Henry of Franstaniar
tliirO. Time. 2:10%.
St. Louis Baces.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 24.— Results:
One mils and a quarter. Eellinir— Eugenia S
won. Governor Boyd second, Pinar del Rio
third. Time, 2:08tf.
Five furlonrs. Belling:— Covenanter won,
Qulbo eecond. The Bronte Demon third, Time,
l:02'i.
One mile, selling— Handlcapper won, 'Old
Mike second, Blr FltzhUf?h third. Time, 1:42V*.
Six and a half furlongs, nelling— Earl Fonso
won. Laurel O second, MIbs Redwood third.
Time. 1:2L
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Sagacity
¦wen. Lady Kent second, R»y Palazar third.
Time, l:0SH-
Races at Windsor.
DETROIT, Sept. 24.— Results at Wind
sor:
One mile and an eighth. *elling— St. Sulptce
won, Charley Estes second, Loch Fyne third.
Time. 1:56H.
For Stealing an Inheritance.
HAMBU'RO. Sept. 24.— Leon" Bard, a for
mer IJnlted States Vice Consul here, was
sentenced to-day to fifteen months' Im
prisonment for misappropriating $3500
marks, part of an Inheritance which he
received for two American women.
OPENING DAT OF THE SAN* FRANCISCO AND SAN MATEO AGRICUL
TURAL ASSOCIATION AT TANFORAX PARK WAS GIVEN OVER TO
MEMBERS OF THE GOLDEN* GATE PARK DRIVING ASSOCIATION.
heats to settle the controversy. Lady Fal
ro$e. driven by Miller, winning all three.
Sandow, driven by O'Kane. gave Lady
Falrose a hard race in. the last two heats.
Hot, exciting and close was the last race.
Two in three the cards read, but four
heats were necessary to proclaim Morgan
the winner. A. Schwartz was the lucky
driver.
Following is the result of all three races,
the purges of which were $300:
, First race: First P«cond
Driver. heat. h*>at.
>thavis :_•." D. Mlsner 1 1
i Harvey B.... J. C. Ohlandt 2 2
Mfittie B W. Van Kt?rn<»n 3 3
Prince C .1. Curley 4 -ils.
Time— 2:25»i. 2:27.
Srrond race: Driver. 1st. 2d. 3d.
I*dy-Falro«e... ...H. Miller 1 ¦-- 1 - 1
F.indow J. O'Kane 3 2 2
Futcher Boy H. Patrick 2 3 3
I^ccaleer L. Richardson 4 dis.
Imp C. E. Parks dis.
Alfred H ...J. Hamerton dls.
Time— 2:23H. 2:2". 2:26.
Third race: Driver. l*t. M. 3d. 4th.
Morgan.. ..i .\. Schwartz 2 211
I.*dy r, H. Patrick 1 3 -2 I
Tom Thumb L». Richardson 5 13 3
Pabe D. M. Donelly S dl«. ¦ -
Freddie B J. Holland 4 .did.
Nettie H W. Hamerton 6 dis.
, Time— 2:8214, 2:29y, 2:2614. 2:27U.
The polo teams which will meet on the
green to-day will- be composed of A. B.
McCreery. John I^aweon. P. D. Martin
arid F. J. Carolan on one side and Charles
Dunphy, D. L. -Parsons, T. A. Driscoll
and ,W; S. Hobart.
Catalogue books, with a full programme
of the fair, can be had at all the prin
cipal newstands and the information bu
reau of the Southern Pacific Company.
"Lanky Bob's" Trainer Follows Beeh Olsen to Copen
hagen and Conquers Him in One Fieree Bout.
WRESTLER ERNEST
ROEBER, the famous
trainer of Fitzsimmons,
has regained the laurels he lost
when he went to defeat last
spring in- Madison-square Gar
den, New York, under the Dan*
ish champion, Bech Olsen. In
the-' 'following recent cablegram
from Copenhagen to his brother
AVilliam he announces that he
vanquished Olsen at that place
for the world's . championship :
"William, Roeber, 327 Eighth
avenue, New York: Desperate
wrestle.; . Victorious. Olsen
would not continue.
"ERNEST."
Roeber, sore at his defeat at
the hands of the husky Dane,
camped on his trail for months to
get a return match. When Olsen
went to Europe Roeber followed,
but for a time could not get his
man to comedo term$. Finally
the big, German wrote friends in
New York that he had succeeded
in getting the Copenhagener*s
consent to a match, one condi
tion, however, being- that Roeber
should throw his opponent inside
thirty minutes' or lose the deci
sion.
This is the match, evidently, in
which Fitz's trainer proved the
victor. The cablegram would in
dicate that Olsen could not stand
the pace and gave up.
There was another very liberal attend
ance of racing- enthusiasts at Oakland
track yesterday, it being the second offer
ing of the Golden Gate Fair Association
to turf followers.., Trevathan. Casdale and
El Mido— warm choices'— failed to come
'through," and honors rested with the:
books.
I The 2:17 trot which opened proceedings
was taken in straight heats by Twilight,
driven by Dennis Gannon. Many thought
General Smith might- have been handled
to better advantage. It Is just possible a
race last week took the edge off the horse.
Potomac and Julia S were distanced in
the first heat.
For some reason, the public Insisted on
malting Trevathan. favorite. The Alameda
Stable entry closed a 6 to 5 choice for the
first five furlong sprint, and was beaten
hands down by Fortunatus, ridden by
Tullett. Urchinl ¦ a, well backed obe. lbst
the show to Hiram Johnson.;
Closing a 2 to 3 chance, Midlove, run
ning In the color3 of "Billy" Randall,
made short work of her company. She
passed Lady Helolse at the paddock,
winning without being; extended. Ping.
¦wl # th a legion of followers, never showed
an ounce of speed.
Mounce gave .his nrst splendid exhibition
of how not to ride a horse on Grady in the
mile and a sixteenth run, taken by Sunel
lo, the favorite. The latter waded to the
front when asked by J. Walsh, beating
Meadow Lark with a good punch left.
Grady carried almost as much support as
the winner, but the weak efforts of
Mounce precluded • all chance of the
horse's backers gathering anything. Spike.
a backed long shot, led. to the stretch,
when he answered the dinner bell call.
After betting had progressed for some
time on the seven-furlong selling affair
Brown Prince could not be found, and all
bets were declared-off. Casdale ruled fa
vorite and again went down. Pilot, car
rying the smart money, led from start to
finish. Later It was discovered that Prince
got away from the boy who was leading
him.
Johnny Campbell, so It was said, was
very wrathy over the efforts of Mounce
on El Mido in the last number, at one
mile and a sixteenth, and why not? The
Sir Modred horse closed an 11 to 10 choice,
and after striking the stretch 'under four
teen wraps Mounce allowed Ames on Lena
to slip up on the inside and win by a
head In 1:49*4. In endeavoring to rate
Snips. J. "Walsh made a bungling job of
it, falling to get Inside the money.
The summary: ' '
First race, trotting, 2:17 class; heats, three
In five; purse, J500.
Twilight. -b. m.. by Monday-Miss Sidney
(Gannon) Ill
Gfn. Smith, to. g.. by Don Lowell (J.
• Shaner) * 2 2
Potomac, b. £>? by Albion (Lpson)... dls
Julia 5, b. m., by Daly (Flnlow).; dls
Time 2:22, 2:20, 2:26.
Second rac<», five furlones, selling: puree. $230.
Elmwood Farm'* b. g. Formatus, by Brutua-
Forma, 111 (Tullett), 4 to 1 1
Alaraeda Stables' b. p. Trevathan, 112 (Ruiz).
6 to 5 2
E. Lloyd & Co'b ch. g. Hiram Johnson, 112
(J. Woods). S to 1 3
Time 1:03.
Amador. Vigilant, Urchin and Onyx, all 112.
oIfo ran.
" Third race.' five furlongs, selling;; purse. $250.
"W. D. Randall's ch. m. Midlove. by Midlo
thian-Free Love, 119 (Fauntleroy), 2 to 3.... 1
P. C. Ponaleche's b. m. Lady HeloUe, 119
.(Rueaell), 7 to 5... • ...2
JameB McCarthy's b. g. Almoner, 119 (Mc-
Carthy), 6 to 1 , 3
Time 1:02.
Harry Gwynne 112. Candlelight 116. Sister Liz
zie 119, Jack McCabe 109 and Ping 119 also ran.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling;
purse, t2&d.
M. Storn's b. g. Sune.Ho, by Morello-Sunllt,
92 (1. "Walsh). 6 to 5 . 1
Elmwood Farm's br. e. Meadow Lark, 96
(Logue), 6 to 1 2
D. C. McCarty's b. g. Stromo, 96 (Fauntleroy),
11 to 6 3
Time 1:50.
Caeear Young 86, Grady 93 and Spike 89 also
ran.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling; purse. $250.
L. B. McArthur's b. g. Pilot, by Morello-
Adelante, 101 (J. "Woods). 13 to 10 1
*W. M. Murry's br. g. Casdale, 107 (Ruiz), 4
to 5 .'.... 2
Elmwood Farm's br. g. Letlger, 91 (Logue).
9 to 2 3
Time 1:29.
Gilberto 97 and Zarro 97 also ran.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling;
purBe, $250.
S. P. Nlcoll's ch. m. Lena, by Apache-Rill,
107 (Ames). 11 to 2 1
Doble & Co.'b b. g. El Mido, 113 (Mounce), 11
to 10 2
P. Moore's ch. m. AHcia. 101 (Russel), 6 to 1.. 3
Time l:49H.
Cromwell 110 and Snips 107 also ran.
To-Day's Entries.
The card this afternoon Is one Of con
siderable length, two harness and four
running events being down for decision.
The entries are as follows:
First race— 2:20 trot; purse $500; mile heat, two
In three:
Juan Chlco Maggie McKlnney
Hanks Mary L
Vendome
Second race— 2:10 pace; pnrse $500; mile heat,
three In five:
Goshen Jim I Wild Nutllng
Edna R . I Delphio
Third race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds:
, 1219 Ortle B 103 1148 Richard S.. 105
1015 Princess Leota.110 .... Aljura 115
Lassitude 115 1249 Lucera 110
1249 Helium 110 1219 Plcklow 105
1246 Articulate 118
Fourth race— Futurity course; eelling; three
year-olds ana up. ¦ ¦ ;
.... Azor. 3 ii .... Vlf Argent, 4. .108
1244 Frank Woods. 3 98 .... Tolly Tot. 3.... 98
691 Druidess, 3 103 1071 Fernet. 3....... 98
11S9 Sidelong. 4 117 1253 Croker, 4.... ....114
125S Romany, 4......1C9 S78 Atelog, 3... 9S
1363 Mike Rice, a... 109 (l244)Swiftwater, 3...10S
Fifth race— On« mile; Belling; three-year-olds
and up:
1236 Stromo. 4 104 1251 None Such, 6. .104
122B little Sister, 4.104 1217 Klckumbob, 3.. 94
1257 Pilot, 3 102 1251 Evirato. 5.......110
1251 Jennie Reid. 4..104
Sixth race — Six furlones— three-year-olds and
up; ptirse: - •
1245 February, a....ll'J 6R8 Panamlnt, 4. ...112
1208 Tlburon, '4 10,1 1253 Novla, 5 112
1251 Homestake. 6. ..109 1255 Cndl'Hght II. 3.106
1201 Storm King. 6. .112 I 1242 Amass, 5 109
General Smith Beaten for the 2:17
Bides Poorly.
Trot ; by Twilight — Midlove
Speedy as Ever—-Mounce ¦
Defeats of Trevathan, Cas
dale and El Mido Were
Disastrous
TALENT SLIPPED
UP AT OAKLAND
WRESTLER ERNEST ROEBER
VANQUISHES THE BIG DANE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.
Are Expected Later On.
Opening Attendance Was Not Large, but Greater Crowds
PARK DRIVERS ENJOY FIRST
DAY OF TANFORAN FAIR
4
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce. Bufialo, N. Y. 1
"I feel that I would be doing* an injustice to
you if I did not send you a statement of my
case." write* Mr*. David W. Guice, of Hamburg-,
Franklin Co., Mis*. ¦ I had liver complaint aba
indigestion. Everything th«t I ate disagreed
with me. I miSered alt the time -with swim-
ming in mi' bead ; heart beat too fast ; my feet
taad hand* "irare cold all the time. Did not sleep
well at all. Was able to pet about but very
little. I coranieaced to use Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discoverv and ' Pleasant Pellets ' in
May. 1897, and by December I could begin to get
ebout very well. Hare been doing my work
ever since. Feel better than I have for several
years."
The People's Physician !
Grateful Patients Praise Him!
POSITIVE CURES OF PROMINENT PEOPLE.
**
MADE HIM YOUNG AGAIN. Dp. DeFord's Master Remedies
-^¦|5^§='s|£g& a^ They Act at Once.
DR. IteFORD'S RHEUMATISM CURE— will
7 Price'V" * f9W h ° UrS and ° Ure ln a few dav "-
l^-i&W '^¦Jiiifk ? D^ R ; r * F0R , D ' 3 COUGH CURE-is jtiaran-
S% e * an oth " remedi " have fai; "
r *7 i^^^^S^UJ ,v, DR - DeFOWiyS NERVE CTTRE-buiMs un
/•>_*28ia /' * -W«!$$yW7 the nerVl? ce U« of every part of the body «n1
MmJ$f&^ $^$r ££ cr,7n r t, nervuus debluty and ie «»»
' M&S^ r>n DeFORD'S KIPNF.T CURE-wil] r»-
JfGSt^Ws&^ti&Sltt. »<#W /57Z, "» or " tho! " > 0I "Kan5 to h-«!thy action !n 3S out
mfiftXgkjffi* j^^ of ev «ry 10 cases. Trice 23c.
0^^^^^^^^T^]\ $££& DR D,TORD' S BLOOD AND SKIN' CtmE-
¦^g»JSgygriV^5»ff^ *M \??~&y IIe wl » forfeit 1500 for every »» of Kctpiti.-i
C^Si*^^ TK \ >*¦£&-¦* VrN__5 hi * m °°* an<i P^'n Curp and Pkin Oi r .t.-n»T-t
"^ S*M * \ I K^^_ " alIs to '^Jre. no matter how Ion« standing- no
|\ \a$?P\ / l\t rnattpr hnw hnrrlbl*' th* ltr-hin^.
V l**~* s /-^p"''«y | ill DR. ryFORD'S dtspepsta cctie— is «e-
X^S^ \ / V^*II knowlednred by all to be the only real cure for
ft \ / ' CcsA a " stomach disionler!'. Price* 23c.
VL \/sZ V5k * DR - DeFORD* S CATARRH CURE— seldom
Y/s£ -~^r ls to cufe * v « n the oitlest and worst forma of
t^^^ KjG^ .^aj~" * disease in any part of the body. Pries Z5c.
¦ v_flK' DR. DeFORD'S OEXERA1< DEBII.ITT
Ex-Judee Williams Writes- i^SSP"^ 11 r * 8tor « th « aprxnite. enrich the
-_- uuugc wmianis wmes. . blood and make you stronn and welt Prlca SSc
Bince taking your NERVE CURE I have gained P r ce 2%>c -
immeasurabiy. I feel and look years upon DR. DeFORX>*8 CONSTTPATIO>r CURE—
years younger and stronper and better In every makes permanent cures; not a laxative that
way. I ascribe this grand result to your ' moves your bowels to-day to leave you worse
remedy." * to-morrow. Price 25c.
be^ o D w r n 2S3_?'_SH M "^T* *™
experiment 1 : vSZ"^ 1 *?*" r " n ' <J " 9 """* "'" ""
pe'r^neni! 18111 ' 11 - S C ™ «» 1C * ™* DR. REGENKRATOR-makM
Dr. DeFord'B Remedies are not weakening w **k men strong, bnilds up and restore* th«
injurious and uncertain ln effect. No cures for weak and degenerated spinal nerves. Price 50c.
incurable diseases. Each one is a spedflc pre- And so on throujth the list of Dr. DeFord's «
pared for one disease and. not cure-alls. They different specific and infallible cures, prepared
are remedies tried and proven by thousands of to cure 43 different diseases. They are not cure-
cases cured, and are guaranteed cures In every alls but a separate cure for each disease, and
case Indicated. Each cure Is plainly labeled, all flrst-class druggists sell them at 25 cents a
with all directions clear and simple. vial mostly.
45 Different Remedies for 45 Different Diseases
Dr. DeFord's Remedies are for sale at the following well known and reliable
druggists:
Grant Drug Co.. Third and Stevenson: Bayley*s Central Pharmacy. 2J7 Grant, cor Sut-
ter; Geo. A. Root. SE cor. 6th and Howard: J. S. Pctts Drug Co.. 1MB Market St.; W. y.
Friedhofer. SE. cor. 16th and Howard: "Withers Drus Co.. cor. Valencia and 13th, ?
OAKLAND— Oss-ood Bros., 7th and Broadway
ALAMEDA-Rlley's Drug Store. l«SJk"t
MOST ALL OTHER DRrGGISTS.
*„ S=f T7 S I -9 N^ TO t> T:H^, PTJ:BI ' IO -- Due 'to the large sale and Increasing demand
for Dr. DeFord s Remedies, unscrupulous dealers are offering what they call
"Just as good." B6 sure to get DeFord'a and refuse all others. *
No matter what your disease may be—
No matter how many doctors have treated you —
No matter how much medicine you have taken
No matter how hopeless your condition may seem
w ?ITETO . |||p DeFORD, K; -'rS^.... -J
FOB FREE MEDICAL ADVICE,
¦.¦:- No. 175 North Spring Street, Los Angeles, Cal.
Personal letters to Dr. DeFord receive his confidential attention.
Remedies mailed to any address post paid on receipt of price." •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VW Home.
Happiness must be founded on health.
Where there is ill - health ,there "will
surely be unhappiness. The happiness
of many a home has received its down-
fall at the table, spread -with rich and
dainty foods. The - first symptoms of
disease of the stomach are ignored as
being disagreeable but cot dangerous.
Presently dyspepsia" or some other form
of disease fastens on the stomach.
At any stage Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery will cure diseases of the
stomach and other organs of digestion
and nutrition. But the cure is _ quicker
if the "Discovery" is used m the
earlier stages of disease. If you have
any symptoms of diseased stomach
use ** Golden Medical Discovery" and
be cured.HOLLISTER, Sept. 24.— "While partici
pating in a carousal at San Felipe last
evening John Jensen, aged 45, stepped off
a porch, fell over a water trough and
broke his neck.
Neck Broken by a FalL
Special Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 24.— One of
the most eloquent lectures ever
heard by an audience in this city
was delivered at the Congrega
tional church to-night by Mon
signor T. J. Capel for the benefit of the
Galveston sufferers. The monsignor*s
subject was "The Art of Thinking," and
the lecture was entirely non-religious and
an excellent exposition of tho primary
principles of logic.
Every seat in the large auditorium of
the church was occupied and the audience
SAUNAS, Sept. 24.— Divorce proceedings
were begun here late this evening by Mrs.
J. P. Ivorson. daughter of Dr. C. A. Barn
hart, one of Santa Cruz's wealthiest citi
zens. Mr. and Mrs. Ivorson were married
five years ago. The wife left Salinas for
Santa Cruz to-day in company with her
parents.
Mrs. J. F. Ivorson Files Suit for
IWvorce at Salinas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASKS FOB, A SEPARATION.
Mr. Valpey came to Salinas, sought, legal
advice and now asks for a separation and
possession of the child now In his care.
J. O. Valpey and Miss Eliza Parker,
daughter of the late District Judge and
United States Land Commissioner "Wil
liam R. Parker, were married five years
ago. She is a petite brunette and was al
ways a favorite in society here, at San
Jose and at Monterey. Mr. Valpey Is well
known In Seattle, San Francisco aad
Santa Cruz. He is a prominent club man.
Several months ago Mr. Valpey assumed
the management of Paralso Springs and
moved his family thither. At this sum
mer resort. It Is claimed, family difficul
ties arose. Mrs. Valpey was intensely
Jealous. Not long ago there came a cli
mar. Mrs. Valpey upbraided her husband
for alleged faithlessness and he denied
her accusations, a highly sensational
scene follov/ing, during the course of
"which Mrs. Valpey's face was burned
with the contents of a bottle of carbolic
acid she held In her hand. Mr. Valpey
sought medical aid and did all In his pow
er to quiet his wife. She left the springs,
her home, however, and came to this city,
where she is at present with her mother,
Mrs. XV. R. Parker.
SALINAS. Sept. 24.-^J. O. Valpey. man
ager of Paralso Springs, has brought suit
for legal separation from his wife, one of
California's most charming native daugh
ters and a descendant of one of the State's
oldest and most aristocratic Spanish fam
ilies. The plaintiff alleges disloyalty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Following a Dramatic Scene in the
Hotel She Forsakes E'er Home
and Goes to Live "With
Her Mother.
SHE WAS A BEAUTIFUL BELLE
FILES SUIT FOR
DIVORCE AFTER
BITTER QUARREL
Manager Valpey ol Paralso
Springs Seeks Legal
Separation.
gave Its undivided attention from (he be
ginning to the close of the lecture. The
prelate was Introduced by Frank Miller
of this city. Vocal music was rendered
by a number of the best singers of Sac
ramento and reven prominent young men
acted as ushers.
A handsome sum was realized from the
lecture and Monsignor Capel feels grati
fied that he was able to lend assistance
to so worthy a cause. He has the thanka
of the community for materially aiding
in swelling the fund for the relief of the
unfortunate ones of Galveston.
It Is. to say the least, doubtful if any per
sons authorized to select vacant lands only
In all cases the land authorized to be se
lected in lieu of that relinquished is required
to be vacant and or>en to settlement. Vacant
public land Is or-en to settlement only when It
contains no known salines or mines, whether
of gold, silver, petroleum or any other mineral.
The statute under which the scrlrrers filed
is a dain standing offer on the part of the
Government to exchange any of Its lands that
are vacant and open to settlement for a like
quantity of similar land within a forest reser
vation, for which It had previously Issued a
patent or to which an unperfected bona-flde
claim had been acquired.
Complainants allege the non-mineral af
fidavits were not reauired by law, but
Judge Ross declares the fact remains
that such affidavits were made and con
stituted a representation and one of the
means by which the selectors sought to
secure the lands; and, having been made
for the purpose of evading and defeating
the law, no court of equity should lend
its aid toward securing the fruits of the
fraud. The court continues:
LOS ANGELES. S«pt. 24.-In the United
States Circuit Court to-day, In the suit of
the Cosmoa Exploration Company vs. the
Gr.ay Eagle Oil Company and the Pacific
Land and Improvement Company vs. the
Elwood Oil Company, known as the
"scrippers" case and involving the right
of scrippers to file upon oil land as agri
cultural. prior to the actual discovery of
oil thereon. Judge Ross handed down a
decision denying the application for a re
ceiver and for an Injunction, sustaining
the demurrer of the defendants and dis
missing the bill at complainants' cost.
Judge Ross reviews the affidavits made
by the scrlppera, to the effect that the
lands filed upon by them were not min
eral or claimed for mining purposes, and
that the application therefor by the scrip
pers was not made for the purpose of
fraudulently obtaining title to mineral
land, but with the object of obtaining the
same for agricultural purposes.
He declares these affidavits to be palpa
bly false, and says that had the appli
cants stated that they at least believed
the lands sought contained oil and that
they wanted them for that purpose and
desired to select them under the law au
thorizing agricultural lands to be taken
in exchange for lands situated within a
forest reservation surrendered to the Gov
ernment, no one could doubt that the of
ficers of the local Land Office would have
refused to file or receive the selection of*
such land under the forest reserve lieu
land act.
Demurrer of the Defendants Sus
tained and the Bill IMsmissed
ftt Compl&lTi tvn v s
Cost.
SAYS AFFIDAVITS WERE FALSE
Denies Their Right to File
Upon Oil Lands as
Agricultural.
JUDGE ROSS
BILES AGAINST
THE SCRIPPERS
Continued From Third Page.
DEMOCRATIC COUNTY CONVENTION.
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
Continued from Third Page.
* Officers will be elect-id at the meeting to
morrow and the club will be fully orga
nized. Thereafter the club rooms In the
Van Winkle building will be kept open for
work until the close of the campaign. AH
business men are invited by the committee
to attend and to place their names on the
membership roll, even if they do not r»
slde in the district.
,1s ehort and that something tangible may be
accomplished, rooms have already - been en
gaged and put in order in the Van Winkle
building.
Appreciating the importance of having an
able representative in Congress from this, the
Fourth, district of California, in which Is lo
cated the bulk of the business Interests of
California, and realizing that we have In the
Hon. Julius Kahn, the Incumbent, a man who
fully fills the bill and understands the needj
of the commercial Interests of the State, and
who has always been, and will, if re-elected
continue to be, active and alert in working
for those interests, the undersigned respect
fully suggest the advisability of assisting In
the election of Mr. Kahn by organizing a bus
iness men' ft Julius Kahn club. As the time
A meeting: will be held In the Van Win
kle building, 415 Market street, to-morrow*
afternoon at 3 o'clock for the purpose of
forming a business men's Julius Kahn
club. A circular letter has been Issued
bearing the signatures of "William H.
Wheeler, H. T>. Loveland J. D. Grant, An
drew Carrigan, E. R Lillenthal. A. O.
Rulofson, A. L,. Bryan, Charles E. Tay,
Jacob Levi. A. A. "Watkins and Frank "VV.
Sumner, Betting forth in part the purposes
of the meeting as follows:
Forty-fourth— A. Ruef, L. A. Rea, H. J.
Perazzi and W. F. Fitzgerald.
Forty-fifth— Thomas R. Evans, James Carr,
John Daly and W. B. Miller.
TO FORM JTJXITJS KAHU" CLTJB.
some flurry, but the lists were soon de
posited with the secretary.
Following are the appointments from
the various districts:
Twenty-eighth— Charles R. Franklin, Charles
Engelke, Harry Loy and W. H. .Nolan.
Twenty-ninth— J. F. Collins, Leon Samuels.
E. H. Lutgens and John Blake.
Thirtieth— J. E. Roach, Richard. Cox, Louis
A. Devoto and Daniel Crane.
Thirty- first— H. "J. McMahon. E. L. Nolan.
T. J. Sullivan and L. Chester.
Thirty-second— Jerry Lucy, J. J. Eanlon, J.
F. Shearn and T. C. Duff.
\ Thirty-third— F. J. Dugan. George Pennlng
ton, James Boyle and Barney Labrey.
Thirty-fourth— H. C. Henderson. Ralph L.
Hathorn, M. V. Taylor and F. T. Barber.
Thirty-fifth— John D. Daly, John S. Partridge,
C. B. Kitch and H. T. Smith.
Thirty-sixth— W. H. Felgeler. A. Duffy, J. J.
Hare and Thomas W« Dennis.
Thirty-seventh— T. V. Maxwell, Fred Eggers,
Augustus .Tilden and John Newford.
Thirty-eighth— Georgre L. . Sharp. James C.
Bourbia, A. \V. Uecht and Morris neardon.
Thirty-ninth— T. H. McCarthy. F. D. Worth.
S. A. White and A. A. Louderback.
Fortieth— 8. D. Davis, "William Wilkinson, J.
F. McGIynn and Jesse E. Marks.
Forty-flrst— E. J. Attridge, W. J. Barton.
Thcmas T. Burnett and E. J. Wilkinson.
Forty-second— Thomas D. Riordan, William
Gallagher, E. J. Morris and J. Gillson.
Forty-third— M. J. Flynn, Fred Robnecht. J.
J. Curry and P. J. Walsh.
T^osses in Yolo County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Sept. 24.— The losses In
Tolo County during the last week because
of fires alleged to have been started by
railroad engines will probably aggregate
J30.000. «
Dr. S. S. Bogle, charged with the murder
of J. M. Miller, went Into the hands of
the Jury at 7:30 o'clock this evening. At
midnight a verdict of not entity was re
turned.
District Attorney Webber this morning
made his opening argument, being fol
lowed by Attorneys J. "W. Oates and A. B.
"Ware for the defense. Mr. "Ware con
cluded shortly before 4 o'clock this after
noon and the District Attorney closed the
case a few moments before 5. An adjourn
ment was taken for supper, after which
Judge Carroll Cook delivered his charge
and the jury retired.
?
There are In "Western Queensland, Aus
tralia, sixty-four artesian we!ls. the mini
mum daily capacity of any of whicn 13
4.500,000 gallons.
Trial of the Slayer of J. U. Miller at
Santa Rosa Ends In an
Acquittal.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 24.— The case of
JTTBY FINDS DR. BOGLE
NOT GUILTY OF MURDER
are authorized to select lands In the actual
bona-flde occupancy of others under the set
tlement laws or under a mining location, even
though the location be Invalid by the absence
of a valid discovery of mineral.
Whether the lands In controversy should be
classed as mineral or agricultural Is a ques
tion for the determination of the Government.
The lands in controversy were surveyed by
the Government In 1S54 and returned as agri
cultural, but Secretary of the Interior Teller,
In a communication to the General Land Office,
speaks at large of the notations of surveyors,
saying they are prima-facie evidence only of
the character of lands and subject to rebuttal
by satisfactory proof of the real character of
the land; and the determination of the char
acter of land Is subject to revision by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
on appeal from him by the Secretary of the In
terior. And the rule to be adopted Is that
they will be considered agricultural cr mineral
according as they are more valuable In the one
class or the other.
I hear some r>emocrat friend whisper under
his breath, "'What are you going to do with
the Philippine*?" and I whisper back to him
that wa are colas to keen them. •
What are the issues, in this campaign? The
first- is to ur»Jiold the honor and dig-nlty and
preetlffe of this nation. Our first duty aa men
and citizens Is to uphold the constitution, to
uphold the flag, to the end that this republic
may stand among- the first •Governments of tho
earth. And does it not stand there to-night
under McKlnley and under the Republican ad
ministration ?
The Democracy at present stands •where It
has always stood, in favor of a so-called free
trade policy, which would mean the destruc
tion of nearly every Industry In the State of
California. Remember this, men of this coun
try; remember that four years ago, under the
Democratic "tt'llaon tariff bill, in a time of
profound pfcace throughout this country, the
revenues derived under that law . were insuf
ficient to pay the ordinary running expenses of
the government^ so that it became necessary
for this country to borrow $260,000,000 in a
time of profound peace. This Government In
time of peace or In time of war must sustain
Itself and pay Its way.
Hear the San" Franciscan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 24.— Two
thousand people assembled to-night to
listen to Samuel M. Shortridge's address
upon campaign Issues as viewed from a
Republican standpoint. Considering the
fact that rain fell during the evening the
reception to the San Franciscan was grat
ifying. In the course of his speech Mr.
Shortridge said : :. ¦
Two Thousand San Bernardinans
ADDRESSED BY SHORT RIDGE.
"I present to you," said Young, "the
name of a man just and fair and one who
treats all people alike, be they . rich or
poor, high or low, with or without power.
I present the name of a man who is an ln
cumbent of the bench— the name of Wil
liam R. Dalngerfield."
At the mention of the name the dele
gates rose to their feet and .cheered and
ehouted until they were hoarse. Then
Young continued.
"His nomination will mean his election.
"This Is a time when we Democrats are
wont to glorify two men and two men
alone, and we are fighting shoulder to
shoulder to preserve the happiness
Democracy assures us; but we can only
secure that happiness through an honest,
fair and learned Judiciary, and we should
have for our Judges only men who will
follow the dictates of justice and of solid
learning. San Francisco through the judg
ment of a Democratic executive has on Its
bench a man who has fully borne out the
wisdom of that judgment. He is not a
politician arid sought no office. I refer to
the Hon. William P. Lawlor. Judge Law
lor is incorruptible, he is intelligent, he is
patient and he is Just, and It is our duty
to name a man such as he, who is not
only fit but is strong before the people.
His qualities will insure his success at the
polls.- He has been a life-long Democrat,
and it Is but Just that the Democracy
should be the means of bringing his name
before the people."
There was great applause for Lawlor,
and then E. B. Young came forward. It
was known that Young was going to nom
inate Daingerfield. and the delegates could
not control their desire to cheer before
the name was uttered.
Hull McClaughry was th© first to re-
Bpond to the call for nominations for Su
perior Judges. He said:
The platform reported by Chairman M.
H. Herman of the platform committee
was adopted with considerable show of
enthusiasm and then the announcement
was made by the chair that the privileges
of election committee from each district
would meet in room 10, Academy of Sci
ences building, this afternoon between 2
and 6 o'clock for the purpose of indorsing
the certificates of the nominees. Tho
nominations for the Senate and Assembly
were then announced. The reports from
the Thirty-fourth and Forly-third As
sembly districts and the Twenty-third
Senatorial District were passed until later
In the evening.
tions Are Made.
Municipal and Legislative Nomina-
NOMHTATTNG THE TICKET.
Continuing* County Committee.
The Committee on Order of Business
recommended the adoption of the follow
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the City and County Commit
tee of the city and county of San Francisco,
established by the last municipal convention
of the said city and county, be- and is hereby
declared the County Committee of the said
city and county by this convention.
A resolution exacting a fee of $10 from
each nominee and one limiting nominat
ing speeches to five minutes and only one
nominating speeclf for each candidate
wre also Included In the report.
The report of the committee on order of
business and organization was adopted.
Maxwell reported for the committee on
credentials that the roll call was its re
port. The report was adopted. There was
some talk of the throwing out of proxies,
but the chairman ruled that they were
allowable. - ;-v>>->-j.>
GETTING DOWN TO WORK.
Order of Business and Resolution
secretary. A motion to adjourn was
made and the vote on it was 14 to 14. The
deadlock did not change during the ses
sion.
Delegates from the Thirty-first District
argued that as that was the banner Demo
critic district of the city the nomination
should not be taken out of It into a Re
publican district. Joseph Slye of the Thir
ty-ninth asserted that his district had be
come Democratic and for that reason had
fourteen delegates under the apportion
ment. He said that for eighteen years
they had supported the candidate put up
by the Thirty-first District, and they
thought It was time for the nomination to
come to them.
The deadlock could not be broken and
numerous motions to adjourn were lost by
a tie vote, until the chairman finally de
clared the meeting adjourned and led the
way back to the convention hall to report.
The row in the Thirty-fourth, which
caused it to be passed early in the even
ing, was raised hy J. E. O'Brien, who was
not present when P. F. Higgins was elect
ed chalman. He declared there was no
chairman. During the recess, however,
the delegation got together and agreed on
Higgins. Then William D. HInes was
nominated for the Assembly.
The delegation from the Forty-third also
got together and agreed on J. J. McGuire
for the Assembly.
When the convention reassembled these
nominations were reported and ratified.
The failure of the Joint delegation from
the Thirty-first and Thirty-ninth to agree
on any one for Senator for the Twenty
third Senatorial District was also report
ed, and the delegation was given until this
evening to come to an agreement.
Denman then reminded the convention
that there was still a nomination for a
member of the Board of Equalization from
this district unmade, and he moved that
the convention adjourn to meet at Odd
Fellows' Hall this evening at 8 o'clock to
wind up its business, and then, after ad
journing sine die, to reconvene as a con
vention to nominate a member of the
Board of Equalization from this district.
This motion was carried and then the 4 el *
egates left the hall.
It was then moved that the convention
adjourn to this evening at 8 to settle the
district troubles, but this motion was
amended to "that the convention take a
recess of fifteen minutes to allow the
Twenty-third Senatorial District to nom
inate a Senator." A vote was taken, but
It was too even for the chairman and he
acceded to the demand for a roll call.
There were offers of all kinds of motions
but none were entertained by the chair.
The Thirty-first gave 14 noes; the Thirty
ninth gave 14 ayes. The result of the roll
call was an overwhelming majority for
the recess, and the convention took its
third recess. , ,
The Thirty-first and Thirty-ninth dis
trict delegates convened at once In the'tla
dles' parlor. J. F. Renault was made
chairman and John C. jQuialan was chosen
Senatorial District Disagree.
TAKES THE THIRD RECESS.
Delegates From the Twenty-Third
On motion the secretary cast the ballot
of the convention for the five nominees
for Justices of the Peace.
"I nominate," he said, "a man
who was educated here and has practiced
law here: a man who springs from the
people; whose armor is fidelity, his sword
ability and his name Is James E. Mur
phy."
W. B. Cope made the last nominating
speech. He said:
"I desire to place before you the name
of a young Democrat who has done ser
vice for the Democratic party, who has
been elected to the Assembly and has
made there a clean, honest record. I
place before you for your consideration
the name of D. S. O'Brien."
"The candidate whom I shall name Is
known to you all, to the bench and bar
and to the rank and file of the party. I
have the honor to nominate Joseph B.
O'Connor."
Thomas M. O'Connor then came for
ward.
"I will name a man," he said, "who. If
elected, will redeem the Justices' Bench
of this city from the scandal and slime
that nas been cast upon It by the charge
that it has been operated for the benefit
of certain collection agencies In this city.
I name honest John Prosek."
Curtis Hillyer mounted the platform for
the next speech:
"Gentlemen: I do not have to be a good
guesser to know that if the candidate I
name shall be your nominee he will break
Into the ranks of the enemy for votes.
He Is known In San Fra/iclsco wherever
the Democratic language Is spoken. I
nominate T. I. Fltzpatrick."
Edward I. Coffey took the platform to
nominate "a man from the largest district
In the city."
'I will nominate a man who Is a great
lawyer himself and the son of a great
lawyer. He is a man who will fulfill the
demands of this platform, a man fearless
and unpledged. I name Gaillard Stoney."
On motion the secretary cast the ballot
of the convention for Stoney.
"When nominations for Justices of the
Peace were called for, Charles A. Swelgert
came forward and said:
Nominations for the Judge for th© short
term brought up Charles S. Peery. He
said:
A storm of applause followed the nam
ing of Judge Coffey. It was moved and
seconded that the nominations for Supe
rior Judges for the long term be closed
and the secretary be instructed to cast
the ballot for the four candidates named.
The motion was carried without a dissent
ing voice.
"When you hear the name of the candi
date I shall name you will know that no
eloquence Is required on my part. He
has served on the bench here for six
years. I met him socially ten years ago,
and in all of these ten years I have never
changed the good opinion I then formed
of his mild, pure mind. No one can point
to an Instance where he has left the path
of duty. I desire to nominate James V.
Coffey."
His life Is an open book and his record Is
without blemish. I present the name of
Judge Dalngerfield to you." Then there
was more cheering and shouts of "He's
elected already!" and more cheers, until
the chairman rapped for order.
O. M. Goldaracena then came forward
and said:
"I desire to place before you for your
consideration the name of a man who Is
well equipped with profound learning in
the law. He was reared in San Francisco,
where he has practiced law for twelve
years. He has thus gathered experience
which Is one of the essential attributes of
a good Judge. You can make no mistake
In giving the nomination to a clean-hand
ed, honest gentleman, and I refer to Ste
phen V. Co3telio."
J. D. Maxwell then mounted the plat
form and said:
That the order of business be: Report of
committee oa credential*, report of committee
en platform, report of Legislative nominations
ty district corrventlons, nomination of four Su
perior Judges for the full term, nomination of
a Superior Judge for the ihort term, nomina
tion of five Justices of the Peace.
On motion of McDonald a recess of
twenty minutes was then taken to allow
the committees to prepare reports.
After the recess the committee on order
of business and organization recommend
ed as follows:
That the temporary officers be made perma
nent.
Jasper McDonald Quelled a gathering
sttjrm by remarking that those matters
could come up later. •
The delegiftions from the Thirty-first
the Thirty-ninth districts each consists of
fourteen. Thomas W. Hickey had with
drawn from the contest for the nomina
tion and the Thirty-first District dele
gates claimed the nomination and reused
to gro into a caucus pending their wtorts
to induce J. F. Renault, chairman of
their delegation, to accept the honor in
place of Hickey. On the other hand, the
delegates from the Thirty-ninth District
were clamoring for a caucus and were
said to hx» ready to cast 14 votes for Louis
Ward. They pointed to the fact that for
eighteen consecutive years the Thirty
first District had had the Senator, and as
serted that it was time for the Thirty
ninth to be given the honor. In this state
the fight was left for a while.
C. J. Gallagher of the Thirty-first said
his delegation was not ready to agree
upon a Senator from the Twenty-third
Senatorial District, and In view of the
fact that the delegation was not ready he
did not see how It could be forced to meet
and nominate.
After the naxntnjrof the committee, Jo
seph Slye of the Thirty-ninth wanted to
know If Senators had to be nominated
last night. He said the Thirty-first had
refused to meet with them, and he want
ed the chairman of the convention to set
a time and place for the Joint meeting
some time In the evening.
Horn Der.rr.an, J. W. Likens, C. H. Murphy,
James W. Hlley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.Ii, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.
Worthy Cause Gives Sacramento Citi
zens an Intellectual Treat
CONSIGNOR CAPEL LECTURES IN
AID OF GALYESTON SUFFERERS
MONSIGNOR T. J. CAPEL, WHOSE LECTURE AT SACRAMENTO ADD
ED A SNUG BUM TO THE FUND BEING RAISED THERE FOR THE
v FLOOD SUFFERERS OF GALVESTON.
5
THE EMPORITJM:. _| the -F.-M-PQBITJM.
, ? 1.50 a dozen. caijfor.nia-3 laroest^amemca-s ora>dest stom VIIOwGSm
/g=§\ <2£ oo ' a# s * lo of \ Another Sale of
SMmM M Z?y °X2 r ' Spatchel Openwork
|||£§V|| shirts, 43c. Shams and Scarfs.
¦ 22±3 2§ : T J 13 at , off . er h0 . ld3 We have made another fortunate buy of
¦ 32gJSE} good until closing tine 200 dozan Swiss and American nade
4IC1IKW batn . rd .? y . nlKh v t ; . , FlT ! Spatchel Openwork Toi'et Scarfa and
iHi ; £* specially bought lots of . Pi!low sha^ to Datch> There are
i KSS *SV Cas3 ' m " e Ove . r ' about 20 different designs; every piece
• m ¦ I ! ! = S Shv j,^ neat pa j tera , 3 » fa well msie and on good material, and
• Sa^fcj! ""<»™a » na , da .'' k will be excellent values at 40c aad
B3 S 5 jR Sha , de3 .' ; tr T Sf * P - t 50c each; choice to-dav only
~7t fcr t **i ani m:x «d effect3, with f o » - J 23 C
rajrl^mpHfc yoke and pockets, the
14W£&rfffln quality that nana'ly s»ll« ¦
for 75c and $1 jg^— SfmSO Tablo CoVCrS
each, for Tr«j**? •*** r>«.. n_# •*# #01
L__ TO'Day Only $1,12u*
A Special Salo Of We secured jnst 100 of these to sell at
Shift Linings* this P rice *» ti9 7 «• the larga sba for
We have closed out two lots, in all about dining-room tables, 2 yards square,
1C00 yards, of desirable Skirt Linings. made ° f h « aT J Mt n d - Srby ' fria «« d * U
at a fraction of their real value, and a . ronnd ™ come in fi>e colors; thsy
effer thgm at ?Dcca! sale to-day. are worth $1.50 each; to- - ,
; 500 yards'blac't Moire Skirt Lining, with . da ? s P rica -• V»'*2
Email colored flowers in assorted .
• - shades, and"600 yards colored striped TV--»*,-#-... o.._~~x_#_ #_
' taffeta Skirt Lining, assorted colors; '"OSday Specials In
! to h makes are of a superior quality UrOOHery Department*
and finish, ard originally ao'.d at 20c a _^****^ ' We bought at
; yard; sale price to-day only O*» >*^§v^^^^ about half
+* G /^^\-y-J^^L theirraluea
I Sugar Shells, 23 c: MP^Mk Sw 10^
¦ At the price, we crald buy on'y 130 of Sf Ip ' \ ? iR«3r« «k*P« decor-
these Rogers Bros.' "1847' triple- -? oS ated Chiaa
' 5 **^ \&/>? V J5r Cake Plate3;
; * * mnd flower
plated Sugar Shells, with fancy h3n- decorations. These plates are 9i inche3
. dies, worth at Iea3t 50c each; oo »> diameter and are worth 50c; aq.
special price to-day only....'.. 2£&C to-day while quantitr lasts each £W
; ChJZT~wZsI72. * Berry or Preserve Dishes— 170
««*¦• "aiSISj dozan in imitation ,<-**^*^^-^*^'*^-y.
Half Pritfe* ™t g ***; real
', All that remain pretty; worth 50o W^^^^^
¦Jg%& <"f this ?ea=on'3 a d zsn; oa sale
Jj§p3& Shirt Waists; a Tuesday onlv—
', <8*'1> Bplendidfassortment dozen.... 2SC %
" £t hilf pricts to- . .,
td;y and to-morrorz. . A -, _ _
aii 50c waists Last Sale of
now 2So Crane's Paper.
AH 75c Waists Crane's Superfine Writing Paper; every
now 38c sheet be?n thi well-known Crano
All $1.00 Waists water mark. There are 125 sheets
row SOo to the box. and we have also &0 boxes
'AH $1.50 Waists of 125 envelopes to match. The reg-
now 75C nlar price of this stationery, per box.
AU $2.00 Waists 75:; our extra ipecial price. ,~ o
now SfmVO to-day only— per box 2SifC
STATEMENT
QB* THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1S03, and for the year ending oa
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections 810 and 611 of tha
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL,
Amount <Jf Capital Stock, paid up tn
Cash $400,000 00
ASSETS. " ~"
Real Estate owned by Company $222,500 00
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages ' 719 sco 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company,.. 3,813,C90 00
Amount of Loans secured Sry pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities aa collateral 1S9.SC0 CO
Cash In Company's Office 4' 463 "3
Cash in Banks 139,139 04
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.130 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8 S3** 54
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 2^.830 50
Total Assets .$3,173,306 21
LIABILITIES. . ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid ;.. U3.K6 47
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense „. 1W.4S4 si
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 9.CC3 ~i
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. J1.620.2C0 43;
reinsurance 60 per cent 760,104 74
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,455.-
942 87: reinsurance pro rata 794.123 58
Amount reclaimable by the Insured ¦
on perpetual lire insurance policies S4O.01S 57
All other demands against the Com-
pany 4.000 00
Total Liabilities .J2.533.JJ0 35
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ,$1,643,813 69
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages «.2a 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other scurces .....* 130.334 \\
Received for Rents 8,170 86
Total lncom» -$1.8T7.3SS 13
EXPENDITUREa ~ —
Net amount paid for Flrt Losses.... JI.K5, 52* 73
Dividends to Stockholders 100, GOO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 386.4«3 55
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 93,000 CO
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 71.224 «3
All other payments and expenditures S3.9S4 11
Total Expenditures $LS42.1« 11
Losses Incurred during th« year.
Fire S1.2S1.159 51
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during . the
year $213.S51.9=> JI.IM.SM S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 207.473.9S1 1 987.731 43
Net amount In force
December 31. 1S93 1 334.8S5.814 3.0Qg.K3 33
R. DALE BENSON. President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thl<i 17th
day of January. 1300. TIIOS. J. IU7NT.
Commissioner for California at Philadelphia.
PAC1FIG COAST DEP'T,
• 510 California St.
T. EDWABD POPE, 2Xanager.
B. W. 0SB0EN, Assistant Manager..
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1S99, and for the year ending: on
that day. as made to the Insurance, Commis-
sioner of the State of California. Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections S10 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9.S>00 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 221.141 75
Cash in Company's Office 1.435 23
Cash In Banks 23,812 M
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans HI 68
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 150 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 52.273 70
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1.120 S2
Due from Managers at San Francisco. 10,513 87
Due from perpetual Insurance on
building 742 50
Total Assets I5S1.334 IS
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $10,651 S3
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 26,473 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1S3,749 S2; re-
insurance 50 per cent 94,374 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $197,596 2S; re-
insurance pro rata 1C2.024 S7
Amount reclaimable by the Insured on
perpetual fire Insurance policies J3.592 54
All other demands against tho Com-
pany 12.831 15
Total Liabilities $279.«3 63
INCOME.
Net caah actually received for Fire
premiums $259,673 82
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages BJ2 50
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stock?, Loans and from all
other sources 17.2S5 73
Received for Rents 2.907 34
Total Income $2S0.464 81
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $34,E07 44, losses of previous
years) $190:563 40
Dividends to Stockholders 12.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 52,045 34
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 39,431 86
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 9.513 53
All other payments and expenditures.. 24,930 33
Total Expenditures $323,652 57
Losses Incurred during the year. flre..$lS8.9lj Si
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Rinks
written durlce the
year $30.590.S5S $313,338 78
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year .....". 23.351.S25 234.253 59
Net amount In force
December SI. 1899..... 87.730,005 1 SS8.346 10
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD, President.
' E. R. DANXELS, Secretary.
Subscribed and nworn to before me. this 20th
day of January. 1300.
MANLON D. YOUNG, Notary Public,
PACIFIC COAST DEP'T,
510 California St.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
XL W. 0SB0RN, Assistant Manager.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
I Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the '
\yorld.
All sorts of p«ople use It, all sorts of stores
•ell it, especially druggists. *
N o t h i ng possesses as
great shortening power as
Fairbank's New
WHITE COTTOLENE.
For Economy, Purity and
Health try it.
¦ The N.K.Falrbank Company,
Chicago— Sole Manufacturer*.
FREE I Onr <l*laty booklet.
K ** JC - C * * •• a Publlo Secret."
nailed free to any address. For
one 2c Btamp we will neod free oar
lft pape recipo book. "Ho ma
Helps," edited bj Un. Rortr.
Woman's Burdens
are many. Oa every side they cry
out for relief. Hundreds have
come to believe that there is no
cure for the distressing ailments
tlxat sap beauty and life.
This is an error. There is a
cure for everything. If one medi-
cine does not relieve, it is the
wrong one. This is simple com-
mon sense.
ilost womanly derangements
spring from congestion or a catarrh-
al irritation of the mucous mem- j
brane lining the pelvic organs.
The remedy which reaches, heals
and strengthens this delicate lining,
will stop tlie weakening drainsj
<#Drrect painful irregularities, heal
all inflammation, and irritation.
Such a medicine is Pe-ru-na.
Hundreds of strong, healthy wo-
rien con testify to its wonderful
efficiency. It is just as good for
the girl in the teens as it is for her
mother, and it will prove an excel-
lent tonic for both.
Pe-m-na is not an experiment
Its result is not an uncertainty.
It lives up to its claims, and
faithfully nsed rarely fails to effect
a permanent care.
A fair trial will prove this.
For a free copy of "HEALTH
AND EEAUTY" address Dr.
Hortmnn, President of the Hart-
man Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
r-^. • "•! '1* Lll' IVUii"
"WHEN GREEK MEETS GREEK"
Then cosies the tug* of war, but when
lc.ur.dry meets laundry, in such sharp com-
petition as is met with in Sa_n Francisco,
you can readily understand why we do
more business than ar.y other laundry In
the city. Laundry work Is our business,
arid we make it our business to do work
euch as no other laundry can compete
with-
Domestic Snlsh ior full-dress shirts If
you crcrr it-
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
PALACE HOTEL
It !¦ tt£]T«mUr sekBow1e<3ce4 that tbe«4
hotels po*sees the attributes that appeal
t particular peoplr— undoubted luxury and
comfort. enmu-passKd cuisine and Berrle«
ar.<i eup^rlor appointment* and location.
CcETJected bf a covered pa*sarewajr *ad
cr>«rated vnirr one rrar'.afr<Tr.«T.t oa th«
A rr ¦ r" -*.r. aod Earor»tn plans.
GRAND HOTEL
(1 $
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSE3.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mall3i
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBAC1I. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Ctad* bd.
COAL, COKB AND PI3 IROX
J. Q WILSON & C0-. Tetrpno^.^aimk
COPPERSMITH.
f vrr cici'i u Skip Plumbing. Steamboat and
Vr W« 3 '111 Hi Snip tVork a specialty. 18 aad
23 Tfaahlnsrton «t. Tcleuhono Main C6W-
ELECTRICAL.
X> D TTA£S,
Electrical Engineer, St East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I»C CnVTC * Ct\ Shipping llutcherg. 1M
JAS- bUlC3 g \M' City. Tel. Main 12M.
GALVAMZINa AND METALS.
Sir* * Dea-rr in Metals d Galvanizing. JOHN
KIN'N METAL. V.'ORKS. 515 Howard gt.
METAL.
Extra llnotrr* »nd stereotype metal. PacJfle
Metal Works. 1S-3 First gt.. San Francitco.
OILS.
LUEHICATIXO OILS. LKOXARD * EL-
US. «18 Frost tt., 3. F. Phone Main 1718.
PAINTS.
Cy»r.<5^r & mbrleatlr.fr Oils. Schneider's Jllnln*
CanJlfg. C. G. CLPCCH & CO.. » Front. 8. F.
PUISTIS2.
r f rrTT/TKnr PRINTER.
r- C- nUuncs. m g»n»om« »t.. s. p.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE 1I1CK.S-JUDD CO..
a First at. Eaa Franrtsgo.
STATIONER AND PRINTED.
«ggf FARTRIDG8 ** < jJK£ >to
Hiiirfi iSH STEAM COAL, S8F&A&
lJiAMOXU COAL MINING CO., at lt» GREEN
P.IVER COLLIERIES, li th« Beit Coal la tli«
ci.rl.tt. Oitzt And Yari>-~tiO ilaln itrcct,SIGN OF OLD AGE.
As a man gets older a fly can walk on
his head longer without getting brushed
o ff._Atchlaon Globe.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and ptibMc men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1041 •
C«l. glace fruit 50c per rb at Townsend's. •
Massachusetts is not noted for her forests, but after
all she appears to have woods to burn, for a recent
forest fire in the State is said to have swept over
sixty square miles, being checked only by the oppor
tune, coming of a heavy rain. Evidently there are
more lands than California' where a forest is regarded
as a gift of God and "its destruction as something
providential that should not be guarded against any
more than a law of nature.
A writer who claims to have gone through the rec
ords says that in Chicago there were last year heard
before the courts 711 cases of fights between hus
bands and wives and that broomsticks were used by
the wives twice as often as any other weapon, so the
old joke about the broomstick has a statistical basis}
Bryan', It is said, is now dodging the issues of the
national campaign. It is safe to say that he will not
be asked to display any particular agility in dodging
votes on election day.
Fresno Republican.
The acquittal of Fred Himes, the boy
murderer, calls attention to a defect in
the law that should be remedied. Here Is
a boy guilty beyond doubt of the gravest
crime known to the law, who goes scot
free because there is no legal provision
to meet his case. If he had been a petty
thief, brawler, merely an incorrigible
youth who gave promise of growing up
to be a worthless man, he would have
been convicted at once and sent to spend
his minority where society would be safe
from him and he would have an oppor
tunity to reform, if reform is in him. If
he had been even an ordinary murderer
he would have been sent to the peniten
tiary or the reform school during his
minority. But because his crime is the
most heinous of ¦ all, the only form of
murder in which there is no second degree,
he goes free.
There was nothing else to do, of
course. To hang so young a boy or im
prison him for life is out of the question,
and since the law provides no other way
it is not the business of the jury to make
one by subterfuge. But there ought to
be a way. It is , no kindness to a boy
mentally well developed and morally so
weak that he can deliberately poison his
father and feel never a twinge to turn
him loose on the world to solve for him
self the problem of building a life on so
unpromising a, beginning. It is not safe to
society to have "it known abroad that
murder can be committed with impunity
provided the murderer Is young. ¦ And it
is not right that our laws should be total
ly inadequate to meet such emergencies
AS this. :--,,. "-..' -;¦/-.-,:
LAW NEEDS MENDING.
dore Price of California 1b at the Empire.
CAXIPOItNIAITS IN NEW YOSK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.-W. J. Whltmler
of. San Jose is at the Nethcrland. Theo-
A huge tank filled with cotton-seed oil
was blown from its foundation and car
ried a distance of six blocks.
A man was carried out to sea on the
roof of his hou»e and swirled back again,
landing near where his home stood.
An 8-year-old boy. floating on a raft,
picked up a box containing two children.
who later proved to be hla sisters.
Galveston Bay must have be«?n the vor
tex of the cale. Ita rotary motion drove
shipping asnore in opposite directions.
The body of a young man was found*
lodged in the fork* of a tree two miles
from his wrecked home, with $200 tl&htly
clasped in his right hand.
Two women in a wooden bathtub wore
swept out into th*» gulf by the receding
¦waves and were rwrupd alive aftfr
twelve hours in the raging s»ea.
A boy of 12 years, one of a family of
fire, clung to a trunk when the flond came
and wa» carried across the bay. a dla
tiwice of twenty-two miles.
A man and wife sought safety in three
successive houses, each of which was de
molished. They eventually saved them
selves by cllmbine on a floatlnsr door.
Only one steamer tn Galveston Bay suc
cessfully rode the storm and remained in
its element. The others are on the main
land, one of them six miles inland from
the bav.
One hundred and eighty persons, all the
inhabitants of Bolivar Tolnt. saved them
selves by crowding into the lljrnthou?e.
Bolivar Point Is across the harbor en
trance from CSalveston. -
Captain John r>»laney. chief customs In
spector of the port, lost his entire family
wife, daughter and son— and yet. though
#> years of a»re. donned overalls, went
about his duties and helped the authori
ties.
GALVESTON TORNADO'S
VERY QUEER FREAKS
Now. take the article of salt and its price as an ex
ample. Germany owns all the salt mines, as Bryan
wants the Government here to own all the mines.
Consul Warner, at Leipzig, in his official report
for July 21. iooo. says that the price of salt in Ger
many. fixed by the Government, was $2 07 per 120
pound?. The Government attributes an advance from
R marks to R.70 marks to increase in the wages of la
bor.
In this country the salt product is handled by cor
porations. 3nd there is" said to be a salt trust. But
salt ?ells in Chicago, in barrel% at 35 cents per hun
dred, against Si. 725 P«" l°° pounds at the Government
mines ir. g Germany. Germany pays $1,375 per 100
pounds more for Government salt than Americans pay
fr»r corporation salt, and the labor which produces
corporation salt here is paid nearly three times as
tnr.ch as that which produces Government salt in
Germany.
Yes. preat thing. Government ownership; great
thing, Bryanism; great man, Bryan!
SF.YIokAL of Colonel Bryan's platforms de
m?r.d Government ownership of production
and distribution, the instruments of commerce,
lie addresses the downtrodden cotton planters who
.'re fretting 10 cents a pound for their cotton, and the
rjtrodden people who wear cotton because they pay
too much: the laborer is told of oppression because
he pays too much for his bread, and the farmer be
cause he cots too little for his wheat, and the remedy
he offers is Government action, public ownership,
free silver and "a more and a fittener currency" in
the form of an unlimited issue of greenbacks. He
«omplains loudly that all prices are under trust con
trol and the people .ire oppressed thereby, from the
feathers that ftuff their pillows to the salt sprinkled
on their meat.
In one of his recent speeches, squirting at Govern
ment ownership, he said: "We should not be afraid
to copy anything that is pood in the policy of other
nations." No, of course not: quite otherwise.
GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP.
The lady who objected to singing, ".God Save the
; Queen" for breakfast, luncheon and dinner on ship
: beard possibly was concerned, as the weather wis
Irouzh, in makin« other fs^yests during meals
Local poolsellers are congratulating themselves on
! another "victory." It is one of those triumphs, how-'
| ever, which reveals how thorough has been their
j defeat in their- efforts to corrupt the youth of the
[city.
The proposition of school teachers so to amend the
charter as to provide for a non-salaried Board of
Education probably had its inspiration in the offen
sive activity of the present board in degrading in
structors to the unassigned list without pay.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
VIENNA OPERA-HOUSE— G. M. L...
City. The seating capacity of the new
opera-house in Vienna is 2350. The stage
capacity Is 250.
NO RELATION-A. B. C, City. If two
men. not related, marry two sister?, the
men are not in any way related to each
other by marriage.
DENTAL COLLEGES— G. f Occidental,
Cal. The dental colleges in San Francisco
working under charter of the State of
California are the college of the Univer
sity of California and the Dental Colleee
of the Affiliated College of Physicians and
Surgeons.
THE OPERA AT CAIRO— Contralto.
City. An examination of several flle3 of
newspapers and literature of tbe time fails
to give the cast of those who produced
the opera given in Cairo, Egypt, on the
occasion of the celebration of "the opening
of the Suez canal, November 17 1S69.
APPRENTICE— E. M. B.. City. A boy
may apprentice himself during the period
of his minority with the consent of hla
parents. The one who would take in a
boy as an apprentice would be entitled to
his services during the period of minority
the apprenticeship being in the nature of
a contract.
AUTOMOBILE Isabelle. West Point
Cal. The first attempt to develop a self
moving steam carriage was by TrevithicK
and Vivian, in France, in 1801. The first
automobile by electricity fstorage battery)
was by M. Jeantaud. In Paris. France tn
1SP5. lie had been working to attain sueh
a result since 187T.
GRAPE JUICE-W. H. P.. Undine. Cal.
The following is piven as a method of
making unfermented Krape juice, but this
department does not know anything of its
merits: "Place the grapes In a clean
bowl. Express the juice by squeezing the
grapes with tho hands, taking care not to
crush the seeds. Strain the Juice at once
then bottle without delay, seal tishtlv and
keep in a cool place, bottles laid oh the
side."
VALKTRIE-C. M. L., City. IJke Jts
more familiar German equivalent Val
kuere, Valkyrie Is but an adaptation of
the Icelandic Valyrja; the "chooser of
the slain, a compound of valr, a slain
(In composition Val, as In Val-holl." the
hall of the slain, or as we have it, Wal
halla). and of kyr. part of the verb kjosa—
to choose — the same word as the German
kiesen. the Anprlo-Saxon ceosan and Knp-
llsh choose. The name was applied In
Norse mythology to one of the virgin at
tendants of Odin, whose duty It was to
carry to Valhalla the heroes slain In
battle.
BLACKBOARD SLATING - Isabelle,
West Point. Cal. There are two kinds of
imitations of Plate for blackboards One
consists of pulverized slate or quartz rock
moistened to the consistency of a thick
fluid with silicate of soda (water glass of
commerce) and applied to the boards by
means of a brush, or merely paints, such
as asphaltum or grahamlte, dissolved in
petroleum naphtha. If the latter, petro
leum naphtha will reduce ether to a
liquid consistency after it has remained in
a can for some time. If the former, it
would be less troublesome and expensive
to obtain a new can.
RED. WHITE AND BLUE— F F W
City; In using ordinary buntin«r tor dec
oration purposes in the United States the
decorators should follow the color* of the
American flae-red. white and blue-red
on top; but if bunting or muslin with a
row or more of white stars in the blue
is used, the blue should go to the top.
for that takes the place of the flag and
t 5 e . sta . rs ? re S'ways on top. The reason
that "the American colors run red. white
and blue Is the amount in the flag. There
are eev«r red bars, six whltf ones and
the blue field takes the smallest part of
color.
A CASE OF CLOTTED GALL.
OF all the exhibitions of gall ever made by poli
ticians of this or any other country that of the
Democratic State Convention at Saratoga
was the worst. The convention was dominated by
Croker. The Tammany boss ruled it openly. There
was no secret about the domination, for it was mani
fested brutally and boastfully at every step, from the
selection of chairman to the nomination for Gov
ernor, and yet the convention adopted a platform de
nouncing trusts and specifically condemning the "ice
trust," of which Croker is one of the chief organizes,
and among those stockholders are Mayor Van Wyck
and several other Tammany officials.
The trust plank in the platform reads thus: "We
condemn the corporate combination known as the
'ice trust' and denounce all combinations of capital
known as 'trusts' as inevitably and intolerably unjust
to both producer and consumer. By substituting for
the natural laws of commerce the arbitrary dictates
of selfish greed prices are reduced to the producer
'and increased to the consumer to the extreme limit,
to provide enormous dividends upon fictitious capital
values. To accentuate the evil the policy of trusts, in
restricting production, deprives thousands, who under
legitimate conditions would be profitably employed,
of all opportunity to earn a livelihood in the calling
or occupation to which they have been trained. The
direct effect of these immense combinations of capital
in control of every industry is to destroy all individual
enterprise, and to rob the young men of the country
of the free field and fair competition which in demo
cratic times constituted the great glory of the nation
and permitted the advancement and independence of
our youth 'without any favoritism and without any
other requisite aids than merit, honesty and industry-"
Now if you were a resident .of New York and had
been cinched by the ice trust into paying an extor
tionate price for what is a necessity of life in that
sweltering city; and if in your fight against the trust
there had been revealed the fact that Tammany offi
cials controlled it and manipulated it for their profit:
and if those very officials should at the next election
denounce themselves and ask you to vote for them—
wouldn't it jar you? Wouldn't it make you mad?
That is the bluff Tammany has put up in New-
York. It is aprainst that the voters have to go. When
it comes to gall, the devil himself can hardly beat
Dick Croker.
FOR CALL READERS.
The "missing link" has again b*en
found, this time in Java, where Dr. Du
bofs has unearthed certain fossil remains
of such an interesting character that Pro
fessor Haeckel. the celebrated German
biologis-t, has determined to go there h m- 4
self p.nd investigate. Dr. Dubois is firmly
of opinion that the bones belong to a
species intermediate between the highest
ape and prehistoric man.
Last spring some person or persons un
known stole from Mrs. Lewi? P. Rop of
Bath, L. I., a number of preserving jars.
Mrs. Roe said nothing about it at" the
tlir.e. but a few days ago her husband
posted a notice in front of his residence
saying that as the preserving season was
now at hand his wife wanted those jars
returned immediately or he would call on
the guilty parties. Guilty conscierces
seem to be plentiful thereabouts, for nrxt
morning there were jars enough In th«»
yard to fill a freight car— many times :i.*
many as had been stolen.
William H. Utter and Jeffrey W. T'tt^r,
brothers, own adiolnlng farms at Amity,
Orange County, N. Y. William's fad "i3
peaches, while Jeffrey goes in for bros.
William alleges that his brother's bees in
seeking material for honey have punc
tured and so destroyed his finest poaches.
He therefore sues for $100 damages. Jef
frey's defense la that even if the peaches
were injured .by bees It cannot be shown
that hia bees are at fault. Good lawvrri
have been re?ntned. and as both brother*
are wealthy, there is prospect of a stub
born fight.
The Osage Indians ha\-e just bff>n eele
bratinc: a wedding in hlfrh lifo — that of
Tall Klk. a chief worth KO.000 In his own
ripht and heir to much more, and Marv
Red Eagle, daughter of a wealthy chief.
The fathers of the bride and groom haTfl
long been enemies and both were hitterlv
epposed to the wedding:, especially th-»
squaw's fatber. whose fortune Is said to
be about $2.000.000.
FOR THE BEST MEN.
WITH the nomination of candidates for State
and county offices the local campaign will enter
upon its final phase. The issues will then be
made up. the platforms adopted and the tickets of the
different parties nominated. There will remain noth
i::K more than for the people to pass judgment upon
the questions and the candidates submitted to them,
and then on election day make known their choice.
At this i-jncture it is appropriate The Call should
repeat what it stated at the very outset of the cam
paign and has announced more than once since that
time. The Call will not support a bad man for any
office. It will not advocate the election of a crooked
politician to the Legislature, nor the election of
an unfit man to a judicial office. There is but one
v..5y to e^tablith honesty in politics, and that is for
the per.p'e to vote honestly for honest men. That is
the rule we counsel for all voters; it is the rule we
follow.
From the first The Call announced that honesty
would be its policy, and pave due notice to all that it
n-ould not '•land for any kind of corruption or dishon
est}- that happened to be labeled "Republican."
Where such practices have brought about the nomi
uation of had men on the Republican ticket The Call
will not only oppose those men. but if their Demo
cratic opponents be good men The Call will advocate
the election of the Democrats.
Devoting itself to honesty in politics, The Call will
hew to the line, let the chips fall where they may.
The -.Treat principles and policies of the Republican
party, for which The Call stands and of which it has
ever been a consistent champion, are not to be ad
vanced by voting for crooked politicians for the Leg
i'hture or for judicial offices. No intelligent Repub
lic.in will permit his faith in protection and sound
money to mislead him into believing he must vote for
a rascal who professes to believe the same thing; nor
can any loyal Republican consent to vote under any
circumstances for a man who in office would disgrace
the party by official corruption.
So far at the nation is concerned the fight against
Bryanisrn if a fipht for the preservation of prosper
ity and good povernmtnt. and ever}- Republican and
every independent voter should support the Republi
can ticket for Congressmen and for Presidential
Electors. For the local interests of the county and the
State there are needeJ Rood judges and honest legis
lators. In pursuing The policy of voting for the best
man nothing; will be done to jeopardize the success
of national Republicanism. That fact must be
dear to all. Let the people scrutinize both tickets
well. Let no dishonest man be elected.
He looked abont the seven-by-nine bed
room of that palatial seaside hotel and
scowled.
"No water." he said. Then he added: "I
will ring for some."
But there was nothing to ring.
"I am indeed baffled," he growled;
"there being no water, I cannot even
wring a towel!"
So he walked down nine flights of stairs
and took a dip in the garbage flavored
surf.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Has he backing In his candidacy?"
"Oh. yes, the Patriotic Order of Shoot
ers of the First Shot In the Spanish War
are behind him, and they are very strong,
numerically, you know."— Detroit Jour
nal.
"The difference between the cow and
the milkman," said the gentleman with a
rare memory for jests, "Is that the cow
gives purr milk."
"There is another difference," retorted
tho milkman; "the cow doesn't give cred
it." — Indianapolis Press.
"Oh:" exclalmfd the little city girl,
"look at the mamma cow and the little
baby cow."
"That," said her big country cousin,
"happens to be a baby bull."
"Oh. yos. That's what you call a bull
pup, isn't it?"— Philadelphia Press.
"I'll sue you for damages." said the
man who had been licked, as he tried to
brush off the dust of conflict.
"Oh." responded the victor, "If you are
not damaged enough I can save you the
trouble of going to law to get more," and
he made at him asrain.— Detroit Free
Press.
Mrs. Scribbles — I suppose you know that
my husband is a professional humorist.
Mr. Dibbles— Oh, yes. I've read some of
his jokes.
Mrs. Scribbles — He never laughs at any
of them himself. Isn't that strange?
Mr. Dibbles— No, I can't say that it Is.—
Chicago News.
Johnny "White — Did yer ole man make a
holler when ho found that you had been
smoking his^cigars?
Billy Black— You bet he did.
"What did he sajr?"
"Didn't have to say nothln*. He got the
holler out o' me."— Denver News.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Charles "W. Otis of Washington is at the
Palace.
Dr. ll P. Tooley of Willows Is at the
Palace.
Dr. W. H. Davis of Detroit is at the Oc
cidental.
Dr. Martin Schnabel of Nome is at the
California.
E. O. Miller, merchant at Visalia, is at
the Palace.
R. C. Sargent, a Monterey lawyer, Is at
the Occidental.
Dr. W. H. Cope of Pleasanton Is regis
tered at the Palace.
Fred L. King, a large Denver miner, is
stopping at the Grand.
Willard H. Stlmpson, a Los Angeles cap
italist, is at the Palace.
J. F. Coonan, a well-known Eureka at
torney, Is at the Grand.
Judge Henry L. Benson of Klamath
Falls, Or., is at the Grand.
S. Rummelsburg, a Keswlck merchant,
is registered at the Grand.
William Palmtag, a large merchant at
Hollister, is at the California.
J. P. Watkins. a big land owner at Lodi,
is registered at the Occidental.
W. R. Blough, a prominent merchant of
Harrlsburg, Pa., is at the Palace.
J. W. Henderr.on, a prominent Eureka
banker, is staying at the Palace.
G. E. Kennedy, Iron manufacturer at
Llvermore, is staying at the Grand.
J. G. Scott of Agnews, trustee of the
James Lick estate. Is at the California.
J. C. Dresner, an Insurance man from
Sacramento, is registered at the Califor
nia.
James O'Brien, a big miner at Smarts
vllle, Is staying at the Russ for a few
days.
R. W. Adams and R. II. Lacey, mer
chants of Los Angeles, are registered at
the Palace.
W. J. Barrett of Los Angeles, Republi
can Presidential Elector, is stopping at
the Palace.
Charles L.. Tutt of Colorado Springs is
here on a pleasure trip and Is staying at
the Palace.
James MacMullen, managing editor of
the San Diego Union, is spending a few
days in this city.
John A. Mclntlre of Sacramento, a
prominent mining man. Is staying at the
Grand for a few days.
Hiram C. Hinds, one of the well-known
journalists of P.utte County, being editor
of the Biggs Notes, is in San Francisco.
Judge W. B. Gilbert of the United States
Circuit Court at Portland. Is in the city
for a few days and is stopping at the Oc
cidental.
N. S. Mullan, clerk In the Van Nuys
Hotel at Los Angeles, accompanied by his
wife, is enjoylns a pleasure trip through
this part of the State. They are at the
Palace.
W. G. Barnwell, assistant general freight
agent of the Southern California Com
pany, has had his jurisdiction extended
over all the Santa Fe lines west of Albu
querque.
Scott A. McKeown of Chambersburg,
Pa., who married Miss* Dorothy Stude
baker and who came into prominence by
throwing away 520 gold pieces on the eve
of his weddiiiR, arrived in the city last
evening with his wife. They have taken
apartments at the Palace.
Will L. Visscher, sometimsfl called "the
sweet singer of the sunny South," passed
through this city yesterday on his way
to Seattle to stump the State of Washing
ton for McKinley and Roosevelt. Mr.
Visscher was connected with the press of
this city twenty odd years ago. He has
achieved a reputation in the East with hia
pen.
PERSONAL MENTION.
_— ,TJCLID MARTIN, a leader of the
V7 Democratic party in Omaha, •Post
r ¦ master during the last term of Pres-
ident Cleveland and for years chalr
¦^* man of the Democratic State Com
mittee, Is stronger In his opposition to. Mr.
Bryan's candidacy this year than he was
in 1S96. Four years ago Mr. Martin denied
his support to Bryan because he could not
assent to the financial legislation prom
ised by the Chicago platform; this year he
finds the same objection to the Kansas
City platform, and in addition observes
other reasons for making the defeat of the
Democratic candidate desirable. Mr. Mar
tin sends the following:
Editor San Francisco Call— In the pres
ent political situation I am' unable to dis
cover any grood reason why a Democrat
favoring, a stable currency who refused to
support Bryan in 1896 should support him
now. His prophecies and predictions as a
candidate in 1896 are unfulfilled, and the
disasters which he announced ag sure to
follow the election of Mr. McKinley have
failed to materialize.
The platform of 1900, It seems to me. is
in no wise better than that of 1S96, and in
some instances it is worse. I regard the
continued agitation of the 16 to 1 fallacy
as detrimental to the best interests of the
country, and the attempt to make an Is
sue out of imperialism is entirely abortive.
While maintaining a high appreciation
of the personal qualifications of the fusion
candidates. I am constrained to say that
I believe a Presidential candidate should
be a man of loftier purposes and pursuits
than a continuous politician Interested in
his own advancement. Very truly you".
EUCLID MARTIN.
•Omaha, Neb., Sept. 16, 1900.
S/fye ~f*g^fej^ (Sail*.
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 25, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Ado-ess At Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MUMJEn'S OFFICE Telephone Prc«« 2O4
jpt l!LICATl6\^ 6riMCt?rrr>iarkeTand^rhlrd. S. F.
Telephone PrrKS 201.
i;DITOniAL noOM« 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone I'rfin — <»-.
Delivered t»y rnrrlera, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mnu-Ie Copien. S Cent*.
Term* Iim Mull. Inrladlns 1'ontasret
DAII.T ("All. (inoiurjing Sunday), year $«.00
PAII.T CALL rtnetu&ng Bandar). « months 3.00
HA11/V «'AU. Uncludin* Sunday). 3 month? 1.5*
DAILY CAU Djr Pinple Month 65c
BCNDAT ''ALL. On* Yftir I.M)
WKEKI.V <"AIJ>. On* Y^ar 1.00
All pn»tmn*fer* arc nnthorlred to receive
¦nbacriptlons.
Parnr>I» uafHtM will b* forwarded whm requested.
lla U siiTvr.ertrwrn in ordering cr-anjre of address should b*
particular tf> ptv* both NEW" ANT) OLD ADDRKP? In order
M ln«j» a jTompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Ilroadwny
GEORGE C. KROGXESS.
J.'a^ager F rei.^n Advert siijj. Marquette Bui'lding' Chicago.
ilmr.g Dlftanre Telephone "Central 2618.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C, <". CABLTOS Herald Square
TO DEFEAT BELSHAW
HERRIN ; of the Southern Pacific has not yet
abandoned his fight against C. M. Belshaw.
The failure of his efforts to prevent Mr.. Bel
shaw's nomination for the Senate by the Republicans
of the Eleventh District has had no other effect than
that of making him change the field of his opera
tions from the Republican to the Democratic camp.
Mr. Herrin and his gang are no longer Republicans
in that district. They have become Bryanites for the
time being, and have induced J. H. Wilkins of Marin
County, a popular Democrat, to assist them to defeat
Mr. Belshaw before the people.
It can hardly be necessary to remind the voters of
the Eleventh Senatorial District of the causes which
have led Herrin and the railroad bosses generally to
make so persistent and so earnest's fight against Bel
shaw. It is well known that when the railroad under
took to send to the United States Senate a notoriously
corrupt boss, who in the Senate would have dishon
ored the State and the office and served only the rail
road, Mr. Belshaw was one of the. most faithful and
efficient supporters of the cause of the people, the
honor«of the State, and the credit of the Republican
part}'. Herrin could not ; *'"control Belshaw's vote
cither by coaxing, by threats;or by promises of rail
road favor. Thereupon the name of Mr. Belshaw was
placed upon the political blacklist of the Southern
Pacific Company and orders were given to fight him
at every opportunity. '
While Mr. Belshaw was a candidate for the Repub
lican nomination in the-Eleventh District the railroad
bosses resorted to every sort of tactics, foul or fair,
to beat him. At that time Herrin posed as a Repub
lican doing Republican politics. He was urgent in
counseling this man or that man to get in and beat
Belshaw. His efforts were in vain. The Republicans
o? the district stood firmly by the man who in office
stood firmly by them. The bosses were beaten, and
now we have the spectacle of those same bosses turn
ing up in the Democratic camp and doing politics
there just as if they had made no pretense of being
Republicans,
The open audacity with which the Southern Pacific
bosses have transferred their activities from the Re
publican to the Democratic camp is another proof that
the railroad cares nothing about politics in the higher
sense of the word and has no regard for parties fur
ther than it can make use of them to promote the
election of men who in office Will serve the railroad
and do what the bosses tell them.
In the present instance Herrin is well aware that he
cannot defeat Belshaw without the aid of a popular
candidate^ and for that reason he has turned to Mr.
Wilkins. Such is the situation that confronts the
voters of the district. Personally and in his private
business Wilkins is a good man, but he has entered
this contest as a representative of the railroad chosen
to defeat a man whom the railroad could not and can
not control. Wilkins' nomination by the Democrats
was urged by Herrin, and Wilkins has been promised
the support of the railroad bosses. It is not likely that
support was given without a pledge, either express or
implied, of reciprocity on the part of the candidate. If
Herrin serve Wilkins in the campaign, he will expect
Wilkins to return the favor should he be elected.
The friends of Mr. Wilkins will be surprised to see
him act the part of a railroad tool in such a
and it is to be regretted that he has done so. In any
event the people have a safe recourse against the ma
chinations of Herrin. They have only to vote for
Mr. Belshaw to assure themselves and the State of the
service of a Senator whom the railroad can neither
control nor defeat.
ST. LOUIS REPUBLIC— It is for the
American people that the Democratic
party Jg contending when it urges the set
tlement of th<? Philippine question alorg
consistent American lines.
CHICAGO- INTER-OCEAN— The allied
powers must now exact such terms as will
make the life of th« Chinese Christian as
safe as that of- a EJuddhlst, a ConfucianisL
or a Mohammedan.
ST. LOUIS STAR-A failure of the Vir
ginia peanut crop is announced. As Vir
ginia Is certain of Bryan's election, and
believes that bis elevation to th*> Presi
dency will rectify all the shortcomings of
nature, a littl? thir.g like the peanut crop
should make no difference in her present
outlook.
INDIANAPOIJS NEWS— Tt seems to us
that it Is very significant that Mr. Hry
an's glorious Don Quixote campaign
against "Imperialism" has already degen
erated Into a wall provoked by the
miseries of the strongest, happiest and
most prosperous people on the face of the
globe.
DENVER NEWS— If the general public
shared in the benefits of the reduced cost
of production, some show of defense
might be entertained for these combines—
but It does not. If the reduced cost were
divided amonpr labor by an Increase of
wages, and tho consumer by a reduction
of price, the trust retaining a fair share
for its increased responsibilities, less criti
cism would be made on these combines.
But nothing of the kind is the result. The
trust proposes to pocket all the benefits
and more.
PHILADELPHIA TELEGRAPH— It is
fairly impossible to believe that any of
these ministers of the Gospel of Love
would be willing to go on record virtually
as partlcepes crlmlnis in the horrible out
rages which have branded the allied cam
paign in China as one of the most inf<>.
mous in the whole history of warfare.
CHICAGO TRIBUNE— The British peo
ple are better off than we are in one re
spect. With their rapid election processes
the whole fabric of business life Is not
torn up month after month, nor do they
expect these unsettled conditions every
four years. The machinery of business
with them proes on undisturbed. They ar«
not troubled with huge national conven
tions. entailinK frreat expense, with
speeches of acceptance and letters of ac
ceptance, and with dally floods of cam
paign oratory, extending over four
months, which may not change a vote.
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN-Cash re
turns from our immense importations rep
resent only a fractional part of tho
receipts. Our exports, in the main, are
exchanged for imports. Since William
McKinley became President the balance
has been steadily growing in our favor.
The exchar.pe ef commodirlp* under the
reciprocal provision of the Republican tar
iff system has increased marvelously.
PITTSBURQ CHRONICLE TELE
GRAPH—This unequivocal announcement
of the position of Mr. Bryan and his party
is a danper signal that should be heodeii
by all believers in 100-cent dollars. Tha
way to prevent depreciation of the cur^
rency Is to defeat the Democratic candi
date for President.
BROOKL.YN EAGLE— Mr. Bryan him
self rebuked one of the hysterical brood
in the Chicago Convention of 1S96 who hr>d
sak'. something about the danger of a rev
olution and the massacring of the op
pressor!, of the poor by an American
Robespierre, by declaring to the excited
delegate: "My friend, in this land of the
free you need fear no tyrant who will
spring up from among the people."
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
BRYAN AND JEFFERSON.
COLONEL BRYAN, as a protean artist, is at the
footlights, in the fierce glare of publicity, pre
senting himself alternately in imitations of Jef
ferson, Jackson and Lincoln. "Imitations," did we
say? No. He professes alternate reincarnations of
those worthies.
In his speech at Columbus he announced a fine and
natural materialization of Jefferson, with the fidd'.n
which that statesman played with skill and effect
He cited the Porto Rican measure as evidence of
imperialism, and, posing like Ajax, cried out: "That
bill cannot exist except upon an imperialistic theory
of government. I challenge you to find in all the his
tory of the world a power exercised by a tyrant or
despot more arbitrary than the power asserted by the
Porto Rican bill."
This was hailed with "great applause." That is
right. Nothing brings greater applause than smashing
the jaw of the tyrant and despot with a figure of
speech. Nor was it the first time that denunciation of
the theory of the Porto Rican bill had been greeted
by great applause. With a single exception that bill
h almost an exact copy of the Louisiana bill adopted
during JefTeribn's administration for that territory
newly acquired from France. For nearly a year Jeffer
son governed Louisiana as commander and chief of
the army and navy. His government was purely execu
tive, using the army as its instrument. Then Con
gress took up the problem and passed the original
of the Porto Rico bill. When it was put in operation
the people of Louisiana sent a memorial to Congress
in which they said: "Shall we be called on to show
that this government is inconsistent with every prin
ciple of civil liberty? Is it necessary for us to demon
strate that this act does not incorporate us in the
Union, that it vests us with none of the rights, gives
us no advantages and deprives us of the immunities of
American citizens? This Governor is vested with all
executive and almost unlimited legislative 'power.
The council operates as a cloak to conceal the extent
of his authority, and to give us a faint resemblance of
representative assembly."
This memorial was strongly backed by the enemies
of Jefferson. He was accused of inoculation with the
imperial views of Burr, who, following the lines o?
General Wilkinson's report on the Mississippi region,
indulged in certain movements which indicated his
purpose to found an empire in that region and caused
his trial for treason.
That Louisiana memorial was referred to a commit
tee of Congress, which reported, through John Ran
dolph of Roanoke, that: "The grievances complained
of by the memorialists are of a nature inseparable
from those sudden transitions to which late political
events have subjected the .people of Louisiana."
For seven years Louisiana continued to be gov
erned by that law denounced as subversive of popular
rights and imperialistic in its purpose. It goes with
out saying that if at any time during that period the
best interests and the permanent welfare of the Union
had been proven to require the alienation of Louisi
ana, that territory could have been relinquished, cut
loose and consigned to destiny independent of that of
the rest of the continent.
Jefferson never pretended that the constitution fol
lowed the flag into the Louisianas. After the terri
torial novitiate, under the law denounced as tyran
nical and despotic, Louisiana was brought wholly un
der the constitution and its immunities and privileges
extended to her people.
The Philippines are in the same position as was
Louisiana, although Colonel Bryan contends that they
are wholly under the constitution. They are held
where the American people can take tests of the de
sirability of retaining them. The treaty of Paris puts
them in that position, and owes jts ratification to the
lobbying done by Colonel Bryan. It is not unlikely
that the future decision of the people will be against
their permanent retention, but that decision will be
reached in deliberation and not in hysterics. It will
be reached not because of Bryan's yelping about-im
perialism and bearing false witness against his coun
try. It will be reached when the lobbyist for the pur
chase of the islands cannot be made President by de
nouncing that purchase. It will be reached regard
less of his spumy ambition, his smart Aleckism, his
demagogy and hypocrisy. It will be reached after his
show is off the circuit and the protean artist of
American politics has dropped to his proper place of
orator at county fairs and the choice of committees
to present the church fair ring cake to the hand
somest young lady, to whom it has been voted at 10
cents a ballot.
Colonel Bryan is ignorant of history, is ignorant of
past analogies to the public issues which he now dis
cusses, and is lacking in profound knowledge of any
thing except the arts of the demagogue and agitator.
In these he is past master.
It i? a fact that the conscientious anti-expansionists
deplore his voluble and voluntary advocacy of their
cause. They feel his presence as that of a parasite.
and have resented it by the nomination of Senator
Caffery.
Every President he quotes and professes to imitate,
Jefferson, Jackson and Lincoln, was denounced as an
imperialist by just such fellows as he.
When Jackson pursued hostile Seminoles into
Florida and found them protected by the Spanish
Governor, to whom he gave a powdery and peppery
piece of his mind, he laid the foundation for charges
of imperialism which gathered further material from
his course in the Presidency, and his enemies car
tooned him as "King Andrew the First" and pursued
him with lampoons and the "coffin handbills." It is
history in Southern Illinois that Bryan's father used
the same language toward Lincoln that the son now
employs against McKinley, and General John C.
Black is authority for the statement that after the
close of the war the «lder Bryan made speeches as
serting offensively the constitutional right of secession
and disunion. The Colonel came by his gift of accu-»
sation by inheritance, and it is perfectly natural that
his theory of the Philippine question requires a dis
solution of the Union to reduce it to practice.
But for sheer decency's sake he should not parade
Jefferson. Jackson and Lincoln as his ineffable back
ers. If they were ac:iin in the flesh and heard the
same charges, in the same language, employed
against President McKinley that were used against
them, in spite of their dignity they, would cry
"Chestnuts!"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEFTEMBEK 25, ]*JOO.
NEBRASKA DEMOCRAT WHO
DESERTS THE STANDARD OF
BRYAN.
Many petty trade-mark pirates trade on repu
tation of DR. SIEOETVTS Anscstura Bitters,
unequalled South American tonic Keftuw Imi
tation. --.; _
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure far
liver li:». biliousness. Induction, constipation.*
Dr. Sanford's Liv»r Invigorator.
6
VETERAN OMAHA DEMOCRAT
STRONGLY OPPOSES BRYAN
Calls Him a "Continuous Politician" and
Says Democracy's Platform Is Bad.
AUCTION SALES.
Hy P. Watkins— This day. Horses, at Market street, between
Tw. ifth and Thirteenth. AIfo. this day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
IC1 Market Ftrc-et.
By Sulliven & Doyle — Wednesday. September 26. at 11 a. m.,
l!'-ms and Har:i»««. "at S2T Sixth street.
AMUSEMENTS.
rir- hf.uTti— Vaudeville.
Gravd o^era-liouo*— "niue Jean»."
Alcazar— "Hl« Jsran^re Wife." #
TlroU— "Tb* Barber of Berffie."
• 1 :':mliia— "TIip Magistrate."
California— Grand <~>p«>ra. \\><Jn«s<Jay night, September 26.
Attwmbra— "Kelly's KISs."
O'ymp'.s. comer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo end Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«w€nin£.
Vi*chrrm— Vaudeville.
Klnpling Bros." Circus. Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Eatro Paths — Ojv>n nights.
• -.ikiarvl Truck— Races.
Tarforan Park— The Oreat Fair. September !4 to October 6.
Kxrvrsion to Santa Cruz— Sunday, September SO.RnJnlrr Beer bottUd here: awarded med
¦J Paris Exposition for purity and quality.*
Royal Arch Masons of the United States
met here to-day at Scottish Rite Catli
edral. These officers were elected i
Conclave of. Masons.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 24.— The general trl.
ennial conclave of the Grand Council of
The trial of Peter McGlade opened yes
terday with former Superintendent of
Streets Ambrose on the stand. Mr. Am
brose was called upon to Identify certain
books used in his office during his admin
istration In which are certain entries upon
which the prosecution depends to secure
a conviction of the accused on the charge
TESTIMONY AGAINST
McGLADE IS OFFERED
The united Gcj-man Pinging societies of
Fan Francisco. Oakland and Alameda
pav*> a concert last night at Metropolitan
Trrrplp for th? benefit of the lalwston
<V:r"1 The programme consisted of Felec-
T. >ri« "by the or^h^tra. under the direction
"of John Marouardt: a chorus of ISO voices,
directed by Ph. J. Friedrichs. Herm Holz
hauer ard Joseph Ricgger; solos by Mme.
¦Ma de Seminfirlo and an organ solo by
Professor E. Werner. The hall was filled.
German Societies Swell the Fund.
OAKLAND. B«*rt. 24.— In committee of
the whole to-n!ght the City Council
recommended the adoption of an arcade
plan for the proposed new City Hall, tho
arch to span Washington street over the
projected opening to Fifteenth street.
The proposition as it will be submitted
in the bond scheme carries a cost of $350.-
W» Councilman Olrard was belligerent.
but the members took nis outbursts with
good nature and his talk clnned In an up
roar of laughter. His speech was a de
mand for improvements in the annexed
territory.
ARCADE PLAN ADOPTED
FOB NEW CITY HALL
JOH3T WTELAITD BREWERY
LEADS.
The John Wleland Brewery of San
Frandsco, brewers of the well known
V.'ioland's Extra Pale Lager, have JuFt
received advice under date of August 2Sth,
im from Mr. VameyW. Gafklll. secretary
of the California Parts Exposition Commln-
Flon of 1900. that the International Jury of
Awards have awarded them a certificate
*nd medal for the exhibit they made at
the Paris Exposition of their "Wleland's
Kjctra Pale Lager."
TTiis announcement is one that not alone
Hie Brewory, but the F.tate of California
a? well, may be justly proud of. for It
gives to a very popular California ln
<1u*try an International reputation. The
John Wieland Brewery is known as the
largest brewery west of the Rocky Moun
tains. . _h
The award was based on Purity and
favor and when it Is considered that this
enterprising company was entered In this
Exposition against competitors from the
entire world— Europe as well as America—
their success «s gratifying in the cxtrem*.
GREAT SUCCESS FOR THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA!!
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Sept. 24.— Preston
B. Ocott, prwident of the. Association of
Physicians and Surgeons of the Confed
erate Army, died to-day, aged 64.
PTeston B. Scott.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 24.-Dr. Alfred
Stllle, for nearly twenty years professor
of theory and practice of medicine at the
University of Pennsylvania, died to-day,
a*ed 87.
I>r. Alfred Still«.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— Morris Stern
fels, formerly a member of the Llpton
Manufacturing Company at Portland. Or.,
was .killed here to-night in a collision be
tween two Third avenue trolley cars and
a brewery wagon.
Morris Sternfels.
BUTTE. Mont.. Sept. 24.— Phil A. Jullien.
Coroner of Silver Bow County and one of
the best known of the old-time newspaper
men of the country, died suddenly this
morning of heart disease. He was a na
tive of Washington, D. C, and 56 years
of age. He worked on the Washington
Republican in the early days of that paper
and on other papers at the capital. He
had been on the newspapers in Montana
for about fifteen years.
Phil A. Julllen.
SEATTLE. Sept 24.— Advices from
Halnes, Alaska, say that the Porcupine
placers are proving to be far richer than
was anticipated by the first discoverers.
Bedrock has been found In Porcupine
Cree.. only, leaving- the value of adjacent
creeks still a matter of speculation. There
are nine claims on Porcupine Creek and
Its immediate tributaries now being
worked. No. 2. below Discovery, was
opened by a prospect hole ten by twenty
feet. At thirty feet no bedrock was found,
though the gravel yielded pay averaging
$50 to the cubic yard. On Discovery,
owned by "Jack" Dalton and associates,
twelve men are employed working: night
and day shifts. Georpe Black, who owned
a fourth interest, recently sold out to Dal
ton at a reported price of $35,000.
A new discovery that promises to equal
Porcupine Is located on the Tlaku. on Big
Salmon River. Just across the divide from
the head of Porcupine Creek, and wholly
within American territory. Cal Wilson,
with two other men. is taking out coarse
g-old running as hiph as $17 and $20 to the
nugget and averaging an ounce a day to
the man. shoveling ten hours. Several
glaciers flow down to the brink of the
Tlsku, depositing their debris, while the
river In Its walled bed acts as a mighty
Bluiee box. The fact that heavy coarse
gold Is already found on the high bars on
both sides of this stream jjives Dromipe
that its low bars and old channels will b
found rich.
Special Dispatch to The Call
GOLD ON THE BIG SALMON.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— The pressure
for currency for moving the crops is be
ginning to be felt. The Issues of gold cer
tificates by the treasury at various points
In the South and West In exchange for de
posits of gold in the New York Sub-Treas
ury by banks on behalf of their country
correspondents are already tl.O'W.OOO more
than at the same time last year. The e*
changes have reached J4.945.000, of. which
aJl but $400,000 has been In September. New
Orleans has taken $3,795,000 in the new gold
certificates. St. Louis $750,000 and Chicago
$400,000. These are not the only exchanges
being made in New York and Washington
In order to get currency Into the country
districts. A shipment of J100.000 in email
silver certificates has Just been made to
St Louts In return for an equal amount
of 'gold coin- for the New York Sub-Treas
ury Ntw Orleans has received this month
nearly $1,000,000 in email note* of various
The policy of shipping notes from Wash
inrton to interior points In return for gold
at New York was adopted when the srold
reserve was low, because the hanks prof
ited by the express rate on the currency
in one direction and often directed their
New York agents to deposit the gold to
obtain the benefit.
Pressure for currency is not expected by
the treasury because of the great Increase
in available supply which has been made
in tho past year, but the treasury has paid
out in premiums on bonds under the re
funding law J33.1C7.0S3 and has paid in the
redemption of the old 2 per cent bonds
under the recent call of Secretary Gage
$20 057.150. The two items of more than
553 f«*},000 have been exclusive of the •or
dinary expectations of the Government.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— Frank A. Van
derllp. Assistant Secretary of the Treas
ury, conferred with bankers in this cUy
to-day with reference to supplying the ex
traordinary demand for small currency.
While what Is known as "hand-to-hand"
money Is rather scarce at this season, the
supply of $1, $Z and $5 bills Is now wholly
inadequate. The sub-treasury has *reat
piles of soiled or mutilated currency
turned in for redemption to-day. After
conferring with the bankers Mr. Vander
lip said that he had ordered $500,000 In $20
Kold certificates to be shipped to New
York from Washinpton at once. That, he
thought, would relieve the situation and
supply the banks with a class of moi'ey
that they did not have. He adds that he
thought the next ftep would be to supply
small denominations at the sub-treasury-
BankR were preparing to-dav for heavy
October disbursements. One of the lamest
institutions, having: hundreds of town ac
counts, reported a jrreat mass of coupons
on hand for collection. Banks are still
using quantities of bank note 1 * for Interior
currency demands. One larjr» bank to-day
had very few of Its own notes, on hand
end reported little difficulty In keeping
out what extra circulation It had ordered
at the time that th«» new currency law
m*»de powsiblf jfreater expansion.
Unusually Large Number of
Gold Certificates Dis
tributed.
DEMAND FOR
CURRENCY IS
VERY HEAVY
General Grand Chaplain. John TN . Cham
berlain, Tiffin. Ohio: prand master, \\. H.
Mayo, St. I>ouis: deputy prand master.
Andrew P. Swanston of St. Paul: general
grand principal conductor, Henry C. Lar
rabee: general jrrand trensurer, Charles
Heaton, Montpeller. Vt.; general grand re
corder. Henry W. Modhurst. Fort \\ ayne.
Ind.: general" grand marshal. Edward AV.
Wellington, Ellsworth, Kan?.: general
errand steward, George A. Newell, Medina,
N. Y.
FIREMAN IS nTOTrRED
WHILE FIGHTING FLAMES
Blaze Destroys a Three-Story Build-.
ing Containing Pacific Coast
Metal Bedstead Factory.
OAKLAND, Sept. 24.— Ix5uls Hoffman,
driver of hose company No. 2. was burned
about the legs and arms and Roper "Si
cotte of engine company No. 3 had a
thumb cut off in a fire to-night that de
stroved the three-story frame building at
Sixteenth and Wood streets, occupied by
the Pacific Coast Metal Bedstead Fac
torv The men were leading a line of hose
to 'a restaurant adjoining the building
which was afire. A burst of flame struck
Hoffman and- Slcotte was cut by fallln?
window glass.
The fire broke out at 9:30 o clock. When
discovered by Policeman John Crockerton
the interior of the factory was a mass of
flames. The Fire Department responded
to an alarm from box 71. and fearing for
the safety of the Californian Sash and
Door Company's Immense plant adjoining
Chief Ball ordered a second alarm calling
additional apparatus to the scene.
The lire was confined to the bedstead
factory and the rear of a small -wooden
building adjoining, occupied by Daniel
McCarthy's saloon and a restaurant con
ducted by Dutra Bros. The burned struc
ture was owned by Frank J. Woodward
and Rev. E. S. Chapman, who place their
loss at $«500. with Insurance amounting to
$4000 The loss of the machinery and un
finished products was $8000. The building
occupied by McCarthy and Dutra Bros,
is owned by Ferdlnan Koenlg. The loss
on the building and contents was $1000.
of obtaining money under false pretenses.
Mr. Ambrose was unable to positively
identify the books, saying: as each was
preppntPd that there Tvas such a book In
his office, but whether or not the one pre
sented for Identification was the same he
was unable to say. When Ambrose left
the stand the case was continued. The
McGlade Jury ia made up as follows:
J. Tledeman, 3074 Twentieth street ; J. S.
Merrill, 2S3 Market street; George A. Cole.
S3 Second street; A. Voight. 3* First street:
T. I>- McCarthy. 764 Mission street: J. Sledl,
C">8 Mission strpet: J. Kenne, R01 Post street;
H. Mangels, Hayes and Franklin streets; G.
J. McCraley, BOS Market street; H. Wrd. MS
Mission street: W. F. Deitmel*>r. 2I57 Mission
streft; II. M. Hageman. 13.*^) Polk street.
The trial ¦will be resumed to-day.
The Chutes presented an excellent bill
of novelties last night. Smith and Ellis
appeared in a laughable sketch, and Intro
duced several new 3ongs. Johnston and
Harvey do a clever musical act. Other
Rood numbers are Baby Ruth, the clever
child artist; Al Hazzard, ventriloquist,
and new moving pictures.
Chutes.
The De Gosco brothers, who present a
unique electrical musical act, made a hit
at Fischer's Concert House last night, as
did also Antonio Vargas, baritone, and
Thomas Shepard, Pinging comedian. Han-
Ion nnd Singer gave a new flying ring act;
Mae Tunison received five encores for her
soprano solos and Pearl Hlckman gave
Spanish and Irish dances. The moving
pictures were novel and interesting.
Fischer's Concert Souse.
As Merriflield, Howard Hall was very
good, while Charles F. Bryant made a
splendid Jnpanepe wrestler. Among the
women Miss Polly Stockwell made a hit
as "Miss Go." while Miss Dorothy Dorr
mari> n first-class jealous wife to* Harry
Merriffleld.
greatest successes In farce comedy ever
essayed at the Alcazar. It drew a crowd
ed house last night and will continue to
do so throuchout the week. The story
hinges on Harry MerriiTleld, who wants to
write a book and introduce a Jnpanese
wedding. He Is assisted In tho production
by Michael Patrick McGuffln and both
succeed so well that all kinds of compli
cations result.
Alcazar.
"His Japanese Wife" is» one of the
The thirty-eight principals of the Azzall
Italian frrand opera company arrived in
this city lnst night. To-morrow night they
will slrp for the first time In the United
States at the California Theater when
"Otello" will be the orera.
Alhambra.
"Kelly** "FCids" is the attraction thlsweek
nt the Alhambra Theater. It is a farce
comedy founded on Artist Outcalfs pic
tures, and "is presented by an Eastern
company of comedians.
California.
wearing. The remainder of the Orpheum
programme this week fs up to the aver
age—and it should be remembered that
the Orpheum average is always a good av
erage Mrs. and Mr. Harry Jnckson have a
pleasant sketch entitled "A Married Man."
with a live baby in It. The baby cried last
night and the audience laughed in sym
pathy. The Jacksons °.re clever. Merritt
and "Murdock (male nnd female"* do the
light and airy nothing "A Quiet Kvening"
lightlv and airily. . Kolb and Dill are old
favorites and are as siJe-splltting as ever
with their Oermnn absurdities. "To Bos
ton on Rusiners" is the title of a skit
written by George M. Cohnn and played
hv Charles Wayne and Anna Caldwoll In
Oeorge Cohan style. The holdovers, the
Musical Johnstons, were as welcome nf>
ever, and McCale and Pnnlels. the Tri*h
tourists, were as much of a pain as they
were last week.
The Jewish people of San Francisco cel
rl rated yesterday one of the most fmpor
t':t days in the calendar of their ecclc
rtastSeal year. It was the dawn of the
Hebrew new year, the beginning of the
year ii-01 since the world bepan. Men.
women and children of all shades of or
thodoxy honored the day as one of the
•:tmost sacredness. In most instances
!>u?!ness was suspended and the temples
¦we thronged by worshiping penitents
called to service of great impressive nej=s.
*.he various synagogues of the city were
In holidayattire. Choirs were augmented
and the ancient liturgy of the Jewish
faith was chanted in the hea.ring of list
ening thousands.
©n Sunday the festival really began
With a splendid preliminary which ush
ered the more magnificent services of
jreptprda-y. And for The more strictly or
thodox and conservative of Jewish peo
ple the festival of New Year will not end
until sundown to-right. The season is
for them penJtentiaJ and they observe it
In the deejx-st of religious feeling.
In the temple at Stockton and Califor
nia streets yesterday an absolutely ortho
dox service was performed. The ritual
and liturgy were the ancient and impres
sive ores of the Jewish rare. There was
to the strange and age-honored service a
dignity which all felt. The solemn
chants, the menotone of the chapiter and
the silent worshiping figures of hundreds
of men and women, separated In obedl
tr.ee to ancient custom, gave to the scene
a deep solemnity.
At 6:30 o'clock in th<» morning the cele
r.ratioti of the feast day began and con
tinued without interruption until 12:30
o'clrvk. under the direction of Rev. D.
GM^borg. At 9:30 o'clock there was read-
Irg from the Torah and at 10 o'clock came
the chanting cf the Shofer service. At
lift o'clock in the afternoon Rev. A. J.
Brotm delivered a brief address, deecrib
:• the meaning of the New Year and
1. rawing from it leesor.s of moral and re-
Ugloua life which should for another year
govern the conduct of his hearere. In
this rr.nmer the congregation began its
. bservaaec of the tta j>enitential flays
which will conclude with the day of
Atonement. . 1
At the Tempi© Emanu-El the services
w«-re en a magnificent scale. The choir I
wras augmented to eighteen singers and
aa orchestra of twelve pieces •which, un
fler the direction of Cantor Stark and Or
ganist Wallace Sabtn. rendered an ambl
. us musical programme. The choir was j
up follows: Mi«s> r>alf=y Cohen, soprano;
Lira. H. Kelly, contralto; 3d. Jones, tenor;
E rtotner Henley, basso. During the ser
1 Ice Car.tcr Stark 6a.ng hi« anthem. "Ka!
• :.iah." The Shofer service, one of the
most ancient of the Hebrew liturgies, was
- ' chanted. Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger
cached an eloquent sermon on the
rining of the day. H<? paw in the hiE- !
rjr of the Jewish rn.ee and in its hopes 1
d applratinns for the future pregnant
rno for thanksgiving. He urged his
• Pie to observe those laws of religious
life which (rive purpose to secular ambl
tians and to .follow in the ancient course '
f their ancestors as a moral, hopeful, re
liglous people.
Rabbi Nieto"f« theme at the services of
•he Congregation Sherith Israel yesterday t
Tnorning was the "Day of the Ix>rd." The j
rr.p'.p was thronged with worshipers !
The staging, under tho direction of Cantor i
] '. S. Davis and augmented choir, was r
Imj resolve. The sermon was eloquent In j
Its tribute to the God in whose honor
housandl gave their worship. In eloquent
; .-.rase the RabV.i drew from the day its
-sons that must contribute to the dally
!:fe of religious peopie. entering into their
¦-cupatlons. their pleasure? and their '
• v ry incident of existence. The speaker !
jn='!ed his hearers to cherish their her-
I'age of religious thought and moral
: !»¦ als and to carry forward the great
work of tn-eir forefathers in the world.
"The Religion of Seinshne«!<" was the
fubject yesterday morning of Rabbi Isi
dore Meyers at the Bush-etreet svna
pop-ue. In tMs temple, as In the otV.ers
' the city, hundreds of men, women an<l
children, abandoning their u*ual occupa
tions, went to worship in honor of the
new Jewish year. The choir ¦was aug
mented, the musfc of ppecia.1 selection and
Iti rendition meritorious. Dr. Meyers
ppoke eloquently and at length, courisel-
Ing his congregation to renew within
Tr.emselves the spirit of religious life
which the day and Us lesions inspired.
In obedience to the custom of the ortho-
I dox, the services will be resumed this
ir.orr.ir.g. when Rabbi Meyers will deliver
is sf-rmr.n on the "Three Cardinal Doc- -
Trine* of the Jewish Faith."
The Congregation Beth Israel held one
cf the most impressive service5 In the city
yesterday morning. The temple was
ablaze with lightp. typical of the glorifica
tion whirh men. women and children had
sffemhled to honor. The. choir was aug
mented ur\d gave a beautiful service of
fong. The sermon by Rabbi M. S. Levy
v.as on "Ivooklnp Forward." an antithet
ical Theme to that which Rabbi Levy had
rhcpon for the service of the night before.
The thought of the prnacher was one of
inspiration and hop«». of aspiration toward
higher and better Meals, of struggle for a
better and purer life. This morning Rabbi
J,evy will speak on "Ood'p Love."
In this way the Jewish people of San
T"r»ncisoo honored with prayer, thanks
civ^ns: and penitential PTvIee the dawn
ing of th^ir n»w oc<-lp*ria*tienl year.
DAWN OF A NEW
YEAR IS MET BY
SOLEMN SERVICE
Lccal Synagogues Throngec
by Thousands of
Worshipers.
Jewish People of the City Honor One
of the Most Sacred Days in
Their Ecclesiastical
Calendar.
Orpheum.
Jessie Bartlett Davis sang flv« song-
la*t night, winding up with the ever popu
lar "O. Promise Me." which brings into
plav her richest and deepest notes. She
wears well and grows the better for the
Tivoll.
The revival of "Tannhauser" at the
Tivoli Opera-house this week is a dls
tlr.ct success, and a remarkable advance
upon Its preceding productions. Many
picturesque adjuncts to the mise-en-scene
have been added, with that admirable at
tention to detail which Is characteristic
of the management of the popular little
theater. This is especially noticeable in
the massing of the nobles and ladles in
the second act. where the costuming and
grouping of the crowd gives a convincing
ly archaic air to the picture which sur
rounds the noble theme.
The music-drama of course goes more
smoothly all round. There In more pre
cision of atack in the orchestra, a more
certain ensemble all through, and princi
pals chorus and orchestra alike a*e doing
better work. Kffle Stewart's exquisite
voice rouses anew to admiration. Eliza
beth'? "prayer," with its sustained melody
and delicately modulated tone gradations,
was beautifully given. Salassa's complete
recovery of tone lf= amply attested by his
performance of the \N olfram role, and
though German opera is not his metier—
hi* work Ia5t night, fine actor and musi
cian a«= he is. showed an extraordinary
advance upon his lns=t appearances In the
part. Berthald gave a dignified and
dramatic rendering of the title mle. In the
last act. especially, he rose to a flno
conception of the composer's Intention.
Schuster do«*s the best work of his seascri
as the Landgrave, his broad, deep voice
doing excellent service.
The orchestra Is also improved, as well
n«= the chorus work, .ind all the favorite
numbers were greeted with hearty appre
ciation, a large proportion of Eddy street
marching to the "Pilgrim's Chorus" at
the close of the nerfnrmance. "The Bar
ber of Seville" will be given this evening.
MR CLEMENT would have had a
much more successful month to
look back on had he presented
Plnero's farce, "The Magis
trate," as his first week's en
ertainment instead of his last. However.
>ctter late than never: let him stick to
Pinero and he may recoup himself for
Wllkie Collins and Erckmann-Chatraln.
The English custom which makes pos
sible the amusing complications of this
play wa." evidently unknown to many In
'apt night's audience: for the enjoyment
• f future audiences it may therefore be
¦xplalnc-d that there Is (or was) a law for
¦idding hotel proprietors to serve wine
suppers, after midnight, to persons ex
cept their permanent guests. Mr. Posket.
1 most respectable police magistrate, is
:ompted by his scapegrace stepson Into
•rdrring such a forbidden supper; by a
*«»ries of improbable but highly diverting
incidents, Posket's wife and sister-in-law
:;re brought to the same hotel where he
is supping. The police raid the place: Mr.
Ticket escapes and next morning, as mag
istrate, sentences his own wife to eeven
"lays' imprisonment. The method by
which this apparently hopeless problem Is
solved must be seen to be appreciated:
let all who enjoy a hearty laugh and ex
treme dexterity In dramatic craft go to
ihe Columbia Theater this week and study
thHr Pinero for themselves.
The interpretation was not unworthy of
the play, and that la saying much. Mrs.
Clement, for the first time during this
» npa cement, had a part that suited her
and did it admirably. She was the dotlng-
of doting mothers and the most dis
tressed of distressing wives. Mr. Clement
was excellent as the heavy colonel—sink
ing himself far better in the part than In
anything he has done except Hohenstauf
fen. Mr. Lonsdale as Captain Vale and
Mr. Allen as Warrington decidedly
strengthen the company. The same may
be s=Hid of Forrest Seabury. though one
could wish that "wish" with him were al
ways "wish," and not "wl?ht," also that
the stage manager would teach him how
to pronounce French name? before allow
ing him to practice them upon the public
In closing one must allot to Mr. Stock
well the honor. If he care for it. of a sep
arate paragraph. Give him a part that he
can "dig his teeth into." a* Mr. Teller
*ald. and nobody can dig them deeper.
His Mr. Poeket Is really the avatar of low
comedy and should be witnessed by the
"whole new thousands" of whom sang the
poet of Waring. L,. DU PONT 8YLE.
He Claims They Have Lost Their
Energy and Their Earnestness.
Weekly Ministerial Meet
ings Well Attended.
» ¦
The Rev. Thomas Fraser created a
sensation at the Presbyterian Ministerial
Union yesterday by informing the min
isters present that the denomination was
losing Its hold on the people. The dis
course which created surprise in the minds
of "the ministers present was based on
the subject "California as I Knew It Forty
Years Ago." At the outset Dr. Fraser
dwelt on the earnestness and the energy
which characterized the work of the Pres
byterians in the early days. To prove his
assertion he called attention to the fact
that the Presbyterians recently aban
doned four churches, and were even now
considering the advisability of consolidat
ing two more. He asserted that negotia
tions were pending with this object in
view. He called attention to the fact
that the local Presbyterians had allowed
San Rafael to capture the theological
seminary which was organized in this city
and was known as the Pacific College. •
Dr. Fraser added more evidence to back
his statement by saying that the local
members of the denomination had allowed
the people of Oregop to capture the Gen
eral Assembly, and as a rtnal authority
called attention to the disappearance of
the Occident, the denominational paper
on this coast. He said that all this was
humiliating to him. and he expressed the
hope that greater energy and greater
earnestness would be injected Into the
work of the church.
The Rev. E. A. Woods, pastor of the
First Baptist Church, read an Interesting
theological paper before his brethren on
"Anthromortism." In tne course of his
paper he said: "God has revealed himself
blessed in nature, in the Bible and in the
human soul. While man's nature lias
been deformed and shattered by sin, It
Is really a reflection of the character of
God."
The Rev. J. N. Beard was elected pres
ident of the Methodist Episcopal Mlnia
ters' Union. D. M. Buck, the new pastor
of Trinity M. E. Church, was elected vice
president and the Rev. Fay Donaldson
was chosen secretary. A physical culture
discourse with illustrations entertained
the ministers during their session.
The ConRreRational .ministers listened to
a paper on "The Church of the Future
by tho Rev. Mr. Kidd of San Mateo. The
discourse was on the attitude of the
church with reference to Jesus Christ, ser
vices and soclolosry.
The State Association of Congregational
Churches of Northern California will hold
its annual meeting in Cloverdale October
2 to October 6. Sessions will be held morn
lnsr, afternoon and evening and prominent
ministers of the denomination will tako
part in the exercises.
Rev. Thomas Fraser Creates
a Sensation Among His
Brethren.
ASSERTS THAT
PRESBYTERIANS
ARE WEAKENING
CLAY CLEMENT A SUCCESS IN
PINERO'S "THE MAGISTRATE."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25. 1900.
L. R. STOCKWELL AND MRS. CLAY CLEMENT IN A SCENE FROM
"THE MAGISTRATE." ¦WHICH IS NOW BEING PRODUCED AT THE
. COLUMBIA THEATER.
the Day's Dead
7
Hitchcock School,
6AN KAPAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separata Room*. Uymnaslum. Military Drill.
Ete.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUQTTST 14TH.
REV. C. XIITCHCOCK. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL;^
Jt Is desired to correct an erroneous ¦ lmpre»-
¦lon that Trinity School haa been discontinued.
It will open 88 usual MONDAY. August (.
Only boys of good moral character are taker..
O. 6. MEAD. S20S Central ave.
AMUSEMENTS.
TANFORAIV FAIR
(ms Monday; September il
CONTINUES TWO WEEKS.
NEW AND INTERESTING FEATURE3 WILL
, BE GIVEN EACH DAY.
Grandest Exhibit of Prize Stock Ever Shown In
< California.
HARNESS RACING!
HORSE SHOW EXHIBIT
AND OTHER ATTRACTIONS.
Bee printed catalogue for complete prof^amme.
Trains leave Third and Townnend Streets
every hour from 10:40 to 1:30 p.m.
HENRY J. CROCKER. President.
GEORGE A. NEWHALL. Secretary.
fl 1 PP * f\ Oil I I Corner Fourth and
x. -: Overcoats and
ValUea checked f reo.
AMUSEMENTS.
SANTA CRUZ
EXCURSION
Under the Management of
WM. H. MENTON,
Excursion Passenger Agrent.
VIA COAST UNENARRQW GAUGE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
SUNDAY.... SEPTEMBER 30
. . . BATHING BEACH . . .
Finest Sand. Smooth and Clean. Good Bath-
hou»es and Obllfrtnsr Attendants.
Ocean FlBhlng or Trout Fishln* tn the Brooks.
Big-Tree. Grove Five Miles Distant.
ROUND 00 (111 R0UND
TRIP OZiUU TRIP
TRAIN LEAVES
SAN FRANCISCO—
Ferry Landing. Foot of Market Street
7:45 A.M.
OAKKANT>—
Fourteenth and Franklin Streets.
7:45 A.M.
A LAM EPA—
Park-Street Station
8:20 A. M.
Returning, Leave Santa Cfuz 4:12 p. m.
Arrive San Francisco 8:06 d. m.
Tickets on Sale SEPT. 27th. 2Sth and 19th. «13
MARKET ST.. Grand Hotel Block.
AlfO on the Morning of the Excursion at the
Ferry Landing. Fourteenth and Franklin »ts.,
Oakland, and Park-«t. Station. Alameda.
E. O. McCORMICK. T. H. GOODMAN,
Pan*. Traffic Manager. Gen. Paa». Agt.
EXHIBITION GROUNDS,
sixteenth and Folsom Streets.
This Afternoon at 1 To-Night at 8.
And Twice Dally Until September 28.
RINGLING BROS.
The Biggest Combined Menagerie, Hlppodrom*
and Arenlc Exhibition in the World!
1000 PeoDle— 300 Performers.
500 Horses— 25 EleDhants.
20 Camels— «5 Railroad Can.
100 Feature Acts!
Glorious Introductory Military Spectacle.
GREAT THREE-RING CIRCUS.
All Kinds of Trained Animal Sensations!
Admlsston. 60c: Children under 1! years. 25c.
Reserved Numbered Seats and Admissions
during the entire engagement at Sherman, ClaT
& Co.'e Music Store, corner K«»arny and Butter
sts. Unllko other shows, prices at downtown
offlc«'ar« the same as charged at ticket wagon
show grounds.
A-'' * ¦¦ .
THEY ARE HERE!
The /Jzzali Italian Grand Opera Co.
Has Arrived In San Francisco and "Will Posi-
tively Appear To-morrow
WEDNESDAY NIGHT, SEPT. 26.
IN VERDI* 8
••OTELLO,"
i Thursday night. "Carmen": Friday night.
"AIDA"; Saturday Matinee. "Travlata": Sat-
urday night. ••Otello": Sunday night. "Alda."
.... NO INCREASE IN PRICES ....
RESERVED SEATS. .Night, 75c, 50c. 25c:
Matinee. BOc. 23c.
WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH.
THIS AND
TUESDAY SIt, r J5 E
NIGHT WEE1C
PICTURESQUE
PRODUCTION.
His Japanese Wife,
By CLAT M. GREENE. «
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— ISc. ISe. We. We.
NEXT WEEK- "WEUNS OF TENNESSEE"
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGIITS -
Open Dally From 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BRthlnR From 7 A. M. to 19 P. M.
Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c; Children, Ko.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA MCUSi
MATINEE SATUKDAT AND SXXTDAT.
.... ONLY THIS WEEK ....
Jo»"jh Arthur's Famous Hooaler Drain*.
BLUE JEANS,...
JC«ct •Week.. 'THE SPORTINO OT7CTIESS."
EVENING PRICES-lOe, J5c. 25c. 50c.
A Few Front Rows la Orchestra T5c.
MATINEE PRICES— lOe. 15e. 25c. SOe.
No Hlffher.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Cp to and Inclndlnr SatunSar Nltfht.
MATIXEE SATUH0AT.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
A*TD A STRONG COMPANl.
Revival of Pinero'i Popular Comedy Snec«s,
THE MAGISTRATE,
.... NEXT StTNT>AT ....
EDDIE FOY^
Prwntln* the Comedy. "A NIOHT IS TOWN"
vaudevillFat its best
'final, week of
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS.
WAYNE AND CAL.DWEX.I* KOT,B—
AND DILL. MR. AND MRS. JACK—
SON. MERRITT AND MURDOCK.—
MUSICAL. JOHMSTONES, McCABB
AND DANIELS. BIOORAFII.
Reserved Seats. Kc; Balcony, I3c; Oper»
Chain and Box Seats, SOc.
Mattneea. IVedneaday, Saturday aad Sunday.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL THIS wfggR.
TO-NIGHT. Tlnnday, Sunday Ereaisgi tad
Saturday Matinee,
THE BARBEROF SEVILLE
WEDNESOAT. KRIDAT. 8ATURDAT
NIGHTS,
TANNHAUSER.
POPULAR PRICES Xo aad SOo
Teleshoos Bosh 9.
ALP ELUNOHOnSE Prop, and Man*««r
— —
It's Wonderful How Business Keeps Up!
"f\ . AWPUL HIT."
THIS WEEK ONLY— EVERT NIOHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Biff Farce. Comedy. New York World* •
Success.
KELLY'S KIDS.
SO— FX*N MAKERS-3O
A11 Bright. Breexy and N«w.
REGITUtR POPULAR PRICE3.
Er»nln«r 15c. 25c. 3oc. 50c and TVs
Matinee 13c. 2Sc 35c and 53a
Next Sunday Afternoon— The- Herald Sqoar*
Theater Farce Comedy Success. Direct From
New York.
RACING! RACING!
California Jockey Club Track, j
OAKLAND.
GOLDEN GATE FAIR
ASSOCIATION,
DISTRICT No. L
ANNUAL F*/1IR!
Four or More Running Races and
Two Harnevs Races Each Day.
GRAND 6TOCK PARADE&.
OPENING DAT
SATURDAY. September 22,
Contlnutn* Seven Day*.
ADMISSION 50 CENTS.
RACING! , RACINGI
___ . _ _ _
PTCPHPR^Q CONCERT HOUSE.
nOtnLlV O AdmlMion 1O;.
Hanlon A Singer. Do Gosco Brother*. Tho*.
K. Shepard. Antonio Vargas, Mae Tunlson,
Pearl Hlckman and New Moving Ptctur«».
SUMrred Seats, 23c; Mattn*« Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS. f r -¦'' .
Special sale of seasonable
Dress Goods
Beginning to-day and continuing this week we will have
on sale at our Market-street store a number of specials in
dress goods suitable for wear during the coming season.
These goods were selected by our buyer as being the correct
materials for the making of ladies' suits and skirts. This sale
gives you* a special chance to get the proper goods at the
very outset of the season at far below the regular prices.
Black Wool Whipcord
Homespun Suiting
Perfectly fast color; 38 inches Perfect dye and finish; 42 inches
wide: a good heavy quality; suit- wide; deep raven black and # two
able for separate skirts. Eton suits, shades of navy blue: very desirable
etc.; regular 50c kind. for separate skirts and shirt
Special price 23c yard waist: sheds dust ni «ly; regular
K " J 40c value.
Black Iron Frame Special^rice 20c yard
Sicilian Q 0 \ f
Extra heavy grade; full 52 inches r'\ n fU l
wide; genuine English make; a lwiri
deep fast black; very silky finish: We have in stock a large variety
nice for shirt waists, traveling of plaid-back golf cloth, suitable
dresses, etc.; regular value, $i.oc for short skirts, at very low prices,
yard. — —
Special price 50c yard Henrietta
Herringbone" 1 ..,,.. ., .
-j *• Finely finished; 36 inches wide; in
Homespuns shades suitable for evening and
In nice shades of Oxford gray; 56 street wear.
inches wide; a splendid material On sale now at 25c yard
for short walking skirts, outing
regular $1.00 grade. Goods sent fffe to all part3 of
Special price 48c yard) t h e city and a n bay towns.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦.
goloioiolololoiololoiolol oloiolojoiolol o Jo I ojo i I oq
g~§ * * * • • • <3ov
1 San Francisco Blue Book I
|og THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY, |o|
1^1 Season 1900-1901. Now Being Compiled. |||
S_S Being earnestly requested by «ome of our most prominent ladies and q_ q
8_Q business men, we have decided to arranee the names In the next edition o n tf
S Q of The Blue Book numerically, according to streets and numbers. The S_LQ
<>— R odd numbers on one side and the even on the other, giving the Indl- O~D
QOO vidual members of each family, also classified alphabetically. The chief ROQ
i%— 3 object i* to furnish a directory by which you can find a name by know- g— »
V3or> I"B the residence number, or find the residence by knowing the name. «oX
«--« Owing to the numerous chances caused by removals, deaths, mar- if~X
?»O» rlaBes, changes In reception days and the substitution of new num- MO*
•«— R ten for old in the residence district*. The Blue Boole this year will W— S
QqM assume an' Importance never before equaled in the history of the pub- S08
Q 8 llcatlon. O — W
V^W The Club Department will contain a complete list of the leading clubs. n ft Q
SOq giving the officers, directors and an offlclal list of the members, with Q Q
Q— Q their business addresses. The Ladles' Clubs will be a special feature. n~o
•AOn The work will contain a *trwt and avenue guide, calling and address gOX
Q_w ] l9t> theater diagrams, personnel of the preae. winter guests of the lead- «— S
fSoX Ing hotels, suburban residents, army and n«vy. shopping guide, lnclud- wO?f
«^_Q ing a list of the very best places to trade. Also the Street Railway Guide. ?x?— X
?^O arranged alphabetically, containing the various atreet-car routes and SoX
iQ°S transfer point*, giving a ready reference to any number and the car to »_«
fcH$ take at a clance. $ Q O
S°§ ADDRESS ALL CHANGES TO §®§
|?| CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, |-|
S°8 226 Post Street, San Francisco. Spg
So Toioiol o|oloio!o|o|o|oilo|olo|oio|oio|o|o| oToToSESCAPING PRISONERS ELUDE
PURSUING SOLDIERS IN THE
PRESIDIO WOODS.
VALLEJO, Sept. 24.— Revenue inspectors on
the Solace continue to discover l&rsre quantities
of goods concealed In different portions of the
ship. In a number of trunks were found valua
ble ruiu of tur.
Two Canals Binding Atlantic.
It Is asserted that the future will see two
canals binding the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean.
The value of such connection cannot be too
highly estimated. It will bring added prosperity
to the nation, as surely as Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters brings health to the dyspeptic. If you
cannot get rid of your Indigestion, constipation,
dyspepsia or biliousness try the Bitters, and
never accept anything in place of It if you wish
to set well.
sions Issued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of^Pen-
AVASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— Postofflce es
tablished:- Oregon — Davidson, Josephine
County, Alice R. Bailey, postmaster. Post
masters appointed: Oregon-iBenjamln
W. Graybllf. Arcadia, Malheur Countv,
vice L. F. Guillame, resigned; Llllie M
Miller, Izee, Grant County, , vice E. S. Pot
ter, resigned: Martha M. Castle, Jordan
"Valley, Malheur County, vice William
Parks, removed. Washington— Victor Carl
son, Llthow, King County, vice T. ' B
Madden, resigned.
Pensions issued : Calif ornia— Original-
Robert A. Douglass, Veterans' Home.
Napa, $8: John Fitzgerald, Hoosick Falls
510. Original widows— Caroline C. Dick
inson, Pomona, $S.
•TACOMA. Sept. 24.— Hearing of testimony m
the libel suit in admiralty of the Puget Sound
Alaska Steamship Company against the steam
ship Glenogle for sinking tho steamer Kingston
In Taeoma harbor in April, 1899, was begun to
day, before 3. a Bridges, sitting as a special
commissioner. The suit Is for flOO.OOO damages.
Work of Carpenters.
SCRANTON. Pa, Sept. 24,-The biennial
convention of the carpenters and Joiners
of America began its second week's work
to-day, taking up constitutional ques
tions. It was decided to remove the na
tional headquarters from Philadelphia to
Indianapolis. This matter goes to sub
ordinate unions to get their vote by refer-
DISLOCATES HER
JAW BY YAWNING
Lodi Woman Vic
tim of Strange
Accident.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI, Sept. 24.— Mrs. J. M. c'
Murphey, wife of a Lodi attorney',
was the victim of an unusual acci
dent yesterday. While in the act of
yawning her Jaw was dislocated on
both sides. Dr. W. M. Mason was
immediately summoned by her
frightened husband, but despite
every known method of the sur
geon's skill the Inferior maxillary
refused to return ,to position, re
maining in a state of lockjaw and
causing untold suffering to the in
valid. Finally the physician called
in Dr. J. P. Hull to aicMn the un
usual operation. The lady was
placed under the Influence of chlo
roform and after hard work the
combined efforts of the physicians
were successful In replacing the
jaw. Mrs. Murphey now feels no
especially depressing effects of her
strange accident, which the medical
men say was caused by her weak
physical condition, she having been
ill for some time.
MEASURES TO PUT A
STOP TO THEFTS OF ORE
Workmen in Colorado Mines Ordered
to Change Their Clothing When
Going Off Watch.
VICTOR, Colo., Sept. 24.— As the result
of an obnoxious order designed by the
management to stop the tneft of valua*ble
ore, Stratton's Independence was closed
down. The superintendent says the or
der will be not revoked under any cir
cumstances. Six other large companies
have issued a similar order.
The order provides that all workmen
must change their clothes, both going on
and off shift, and pass nalted before
watchmen from one dressing-room to an
other. The superintendent of Stratton's
Independence says the company has lost
from $5000 to $15,000 per month through
the peculations of workmen.
Test Suit to Be Brought.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 24.— Steps will at
once be taken to determine the legal
status of the Board of Freeholders now
engaged In framing a new city charter.
The Council to-day authorized City At
torney Haas to begin a friendly suit In
the courts to test the matter, all the ex
pense to be borne by the city.
Penngrove, together with 150 tons of baled
hay and several head cf stock, were de
stroyed this morning- by nre. The blaze
was started by Bassettl's 4-year-old
daughter, who lighted a pile of loose
straw stacked against the side of the
barn. The Bassettl residence was saved
from destruction only by the strong wind
that blew the flames in the opposite direc
tion.
From the barn the flames spread to the
adjoining fields of dry pasturage. About
fifty neighbors turned out to assist and
after an hour's hard fighting the fire was
under control. All told it burned over
nearly 100 acres. Bassettl's loss is over
$1000 with no insurance.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
LODI. Sept. 24.— The sugar beet harvest has
Just been finished in this county. The last
beets to go out were frdm the New Hope coun
try In saccharine tests the local beets led the
Ptato, rnakine returns of 20 per cent at the
Crockett factory. '
TACOMA. Sept. 24.— The steamer Crest, run
ning between Tacoma and Gi«r Harbor, burned
at the wharf at the latter place this morning.
She was a new boat, costing $10,000, and had
been In service about three months. Hunt Bros,
were the owners.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 24.— A burglar ran
sacked the residence of Dr. F. W. Hatch, gen
eral superintendent of the State Lunacy Com
mission, at Twelfth and M streets last night.
He obtained a cold watch and chain, a dia
mond stud and V In coin.
VALLEJO, Sept. 24.— Frank Crane, the Va
\lciy burglar captured at Sacramento, was given
a preliminary hearing before Judge Genty to
day and pleaded sullty to a charge of bur
glary. He has given the Chief of Police a
written statement acknowledging his guilt.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 21.— Lee Dick Lung, a
Chinete, who last spring killed a fellow-coun
trvman on one of* the islands down the river,
•was to-day permitted to withdraw his plea of
not guilty and to enter a plea of guilty. He
•was then tentenced to eighteen years' imprison
ment in the penitentiary.
fiAN JOSK. Ee-pt. 24.— Thomas Winship, who
killed Frank Narvaei In the Universal Res
taurant on the night of June 4, took the bland
in hi*, cwn behalf to-<iay. He declared the
killing was accidental, his revolver having been
discharged while he was scuffling with Nar
va rz. ' v ¦ *V
Sample of the Metal to Be Used on
SANTA CRUZ. Sert 24.— Dr. C. D. Cram to
day filed a S10.000 damage suit against M. E.
Alumbaugh of Watsonville. Dr. Cram claims
that AlurobauKh Rot up in a public meeting at
WatMMivllIe and said: "If I find Dr. Cram prac
ticing in this town I will run him through atid
show him that to practice medicine men must
l:av» a diploma, and to have a diploma men
must go to college." ' 't ',;.'.:;
ARMOR-PLATE FAILS
TO STAND THE TEST
New Cruisers Shattered, by
a Six-Inch Gun.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— A sample
plate of a series of Dlates for the protec
tive decks of the cruisers Chattanooga
and Cleveland failed to stand the required
test at Indian Head to-day. It was sub
jected to the fire of a 6-tnch jrun at an
angle of nine degrees and was complete
ly shattered. About 120 tons of steel were
In the lot of which the plate was a sample
and ordinarily the collapse of the plate
would mean the rejection of the lot. But.
as the sample selected was the worst
plate to be found in the lot. another trial
may be allowed.* The breaking up of the
plate, it is said, indicates that the treat
ment of the plate was not uniform.
Glass-Workers on Strike)
5 CHICAGO, Sept. 24.— Two hundred .and
seventy-five ornamental glass workers
quit work here to-day because the princi
pal local firms refused to sign their agree
ment calling for an increase of pay for 'a
certain kind of work and a reduction of
bourn from tea to nine.
Describes the Murders Committed by
Her Father-in-I^LW and Her
Own Narrow Escape
From Death.
PLACERVILLE, Sept. 24.-Several wit
nesses for the prosecution were examined
In the Zumwalt . murder case to-day,
among whom was Hose Zumwalt, for the
murder of whose husband the defendant is
being tried. Henry Zumwalt. one of the
defendant's sons, testified that he saw
and conversed -with his father in May last,
when the elder man asked him whether he
and his wife would come and live In the
place adjoining George if he should buy It
for them. The witness answered that his
wife opposed the moVe, whereupon the de
fendant replied that he would then make
a thinning out there some day, as he was
tired of the way things wero going at
George's home.
Rose Zumwalt related .the circumstances
of the trip to Placerville and return on
the day of the crime with Julia Zumwalt
and her sister-in-law, and of the subse
quent killing of George and Julia Zumwalt
and of her child. She described the course
of her escape to Neighbor Selllck's, across
a field and through two wire fences, while
three of the four shots fired at her took
effect, one in her right arm, one in her
left arm, and one in the baby's head. She
admitted on cross examination that her
husband said shortly before the shooting
that the old man was too big a coward to
be dangerous, which remark was elicited
by her expression of fear on account of
defendant's strange actions. She further
admitted that George threatened three
days before the tragedy to make his
father leave the place, and her trip to
Placerville with Julia Zumwalt that after
noon was to obtafn counsel in respect to
the trouble between her husband and the
defendant over the property on which
they were living.
TAKING UP THOUSANDS
OF COPPER LOCATIONS
Lower California Mining Deal in
Which Marcus Daly Is Believed
to Be Interested.
SAN DIEGO, Sept 24.— One of the big
gest deals in copper lands that has been
negotiated In years Is now on In Lower
California. Montana people are back of
it and little was known of their plans
until a day or two ago when denounce
ments were made of several thousand
claims and $75,000 In Mexican money was
dumped upon the desk of the Secretary
of Mines for the upper district of Lower
California. The records show that they
have denounced more than 2000 copper
claims commencing at the San Fernando,
where the greatest number of the mines
are located, and running through the
country to the north as far as San Ysldro.
where ar* located the famous Tepusteto
iron 'mines.
The denunciations were made by Charles
Benton and the claims were picked out
by H. Ramsdale and surveyed by a min
ing surveyor named Stevens. A Montana
man named Burns supplied the cash for
the fees and It Is rumored about Knsenada
that he was acting for Marcus Daly.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 24.— The Common Council
to-day passed an ordinance raisins the license
of all saloons where concerts are given to $750
per annum.
ROSE ZUMWALT ON
THE WITNESS STAND
Southern California Methodists Pass
Resolutions Denouncing
the Evil of Poly
gamy.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 24.— The Southern
California Methodist Conference listened
to reports on the spiritual condition of
the church this morning and decided upon
Los Angeles as the place of meeting next
year, despite the strong effort that was
made to get the conference for San Diego.
Bishop Hamilton was presented with a
handsome floral offering by the ladies of
the Women's Christian Temperance
Union, and in an address of thanks de
clared himself in favor of woman suf
frage.
The following resolution was Introduced
by Rev. Mr. Wldney and adopted:
Whereas. We recognize In the existence of
Dolysamy In certain sections of the land a
growlne evil which Is a menace to the sanc
tity of the home and to our Christian Insti
tutions, and which is utterly repugnant to the
whole spirit of our civil life as a nation:
therefore, be It
Resolved. That as a church and as citizens
¦we advocate an amendr^^nt In tho constitution
of the United States whereby polygamy shall
be forever prohibited within our land; and to
this end be It further
Resolved. That a committee of three mem
bers of this conference be appointed to wait
upon or communicate with the representative
from this Congressional district and the United
States Senators from California and all candi
dates for these offices to urge them to actively
Interest themselves In the framing of such an
amendment to the constitution and in placing
it before the Legislatures of tho various
States for their adoption.
IMMIGRATION FRATTDS.
Wholesale Naturalization of Japan
ese at Vancouver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. Sept. 24.— A deep-laid plot
to defraud the Dominion Government de
veloped to-day in the examination of
eleven Japanese, who were charged with
having falsely sworn to their signatures
on naturalization papers. One Japanese
had arrived in Vancouver in March and
was naturalized the following June. He
created a sensation in court by declar
ing that he had never appeared before
the notary in his life. He said that he
had gone to Skeena River on a fishing
trip, and while there had received the
blue paper, which he was told to keep.
A Japanese contractor had obtained this
for him and he did not even know what
It meant. The paper evidently had been
forged with the name of the witness, and
the whole unlawful transaction, including
ti»e sworn declaration that he had lived
In the country for four years and was
entitled to fishing and other privileges,
was carried out without the knowledge of
the man whose name appeared on the
paper and who was charged with offense.
The Attorney General's department will
to-morrow issue warrants for the arrest
of several wealthy Japanese labor con
tractors who have railroaded through such
a large number of their countrymen.
FIRE NEAR SANTA CLARA.
Flames Devastate an Area of Nearly
Eight Square Miles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, Sept. 24.— Forest fires
have swept over an area of nearly eight
square miles in the neighborhood of the
Jesuit Fathers' Villa, on Stevens Creek,
twelve miles west of here. The fires start
ed on Thursday and have been fought de
terminedly by forces of men from Hub
bard & Carmichael Bros.' sawmill, and
from the neighboring farms and orchards.
Hundreds of acres of pasture land and
whole forests of fine timber have been
burned.
John Fatjo of this place, who returned
this morning from two days of fire fight
ing, says heavy winds prevailed there,
carrying ; flaming bunches of tree . moss
and burning limbs across open spaces a
half mile In extent and starting other
nres. Hundreds of cords of wood and
many. barns, cabins and outbuildings wero
swept away and miles of fencing must be
replaced. The Hubbard mills narrowly
escaped destruction.
LOS ANGELES GETS
NEXT CONFERENCE
Im^HHOUGH the carelessness of the
I guards five general prisoners es-
I caped from the Presidio yesterday.
JL A batch of military convicts Is
brought over from Alcatraz every
morning and put to work in squads, un
der guard, In various parts of the reserva
tion. The five who escaped were among
those brought over from the Island prison
yesterday.
At noon the convlcfs were rounded up
and brought to the prisoners' messroom
for lunch. After eating, a number of the
men asked permission to go to the rear,
which was granted them and a guard de
tailed to accompany them. The outhouse
is a peculiarly constructed affair, but
would not have afforded the prisoners any
means of escape had no? the sentry been
negligent in the performance of his duty.
He remained on the outside and waited
for the reappearance of his charges. They
In the meantime had climbed to the top
of the partition running through the cen
ter of the building, climbed through a
small window and dropped to the ground
on the other side, not twenty feet .away
from their guard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 24.— The Democratic
County Convention here to-day was not
a love feaet. but a long wrangle
from the beginning. There were less than
a dozen nominations, but it took the con
vention all day to make them. Fusion
with the Republican \>ood Government
League was refused and the Democracy
of Santa Clara decided to fight the Re
publicans alone.
The platform adopted affirms the Kan
sas City platform and congratulates the
people on oWaining such a man as J. II.
Henry for nominee for Congress in this
district. Trusts are d«hounced and sym
pathy expressed for the striking coal
miners or Pennsylvania. The county Re
publican organization is denounced as
bess-ridden and the Democratic nominees
are pledged to be free from such Influence.
The rate of taxation fixed by the Super
visor? is termed unjustifiable, and an eco
nomic county administration is promised
by Democratic supervisors If elected.
The report of the conference committee
appointed to confer with a Good Govern
ment committee to see If fusion could be
accomplished brought, on a etorm. D. M.
Delmas was chairman of the committee.
He reported that after a lengthy confer
ence the committees had decided to pre
sent the following ticket, which the,Good
Government League had agreed to indorse
and support:
Senator. Thirty-first District— W. G. Alexan
der. San Jose.
Assemblymen — Fifty-fourth District. Eli
Wright; Fifty-fifth District, John O. Jury;
Flftr-rlxth District, Leonard Fowler.
Supervisors— Second District. T. H. Derby;
Santa Clara Convention Votes
Against a Coalition With the
' Good Government
League.
DEMOCRATS REJECT
FUSION PROPOSITION
Third District. F. H. Babb; Fifth District.
Michael Farrell.
A. motion was Immediately made to lay
the report on the table. It was carried
unanimously and with cheers. The Good
Government committee who were pres
ent at once left the hall. The following
nominations were then made:
Senator— Thirty-first District. James Ctrson,
Almaden.
Assemblymen— Fifty-fourth District, F. D.
¦Wills. Palo Alto: Kifty-flfth District. J. J. Me
Laurin, San Jose; Flfty-Bixth District, L. B.
Fowler, Vlneland.
Supervisors— Second District, T. H. Derby:
Third District. Tim O'Neil; Fifth District.
Michael Farrell. Mountain View.
Superior Judpe— A. L. Rhodes (Republican
nominee, indorsed).
City Justice— Owen D. Richardson.
County Auditor— Martin Murphy.
Lompoc Republican Rally.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOMPOC. Sept. 24.— A Republican rally
was held here this evening. The opera
house was crowded by an enthusiastic
audience. The speakers were Hon. Jud-
Bon Brusie and lion. E. O. Larkins. Their
speeches were cheered to the echo. Great
preparations are being made for the re
ception next Thursday evening, when the
Hon. James McLaughlln will be here.
Fusion Improbable.
BOISE, Idaho, Sept. 24.— The Populists
and Democrats have held several confer
ences to-day and this evening, but without
result. To-night It looks as though there
would be no fusion. The Democratic
ticket as filed has three Populists on it,
but there is no Democratic name on the
Populist ticket, and it is more than poss
ible that there never will be one on it.
Murphy Nam«d for Congress.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Sept. 24.— The Republi
can TerritoriafConventlon to-day nomin
ated N. O. Murphy for delegate to Con
gress, he defeating Captain George D.
Christy by a vote of 96 to BL
Broughton for Assemblyman.
AZUSA, Cal., Sept. 2i.— At the Seventy
first Assembly District Republican Con
vention to-day, Howard A. Broughton of
Pomona was nominated.
Several soldiers and civilians loafing
around the grounds saw the desperate fel
lows as they crawled through the win
dow and walked boldly away. An employe
of the quartermaster's department gave
the alarm and the "call to arms" was I
sounded.
Hundreds of soldiers . carrying loaded
guns appeared almost instantly and pur
sued the daring fellows, who nad before
hearing the sound of the bugle broken
Into a run and were making for the woods.
Several shots were fired but the escapes
never faltered. They reached the dense
woods, and despite every effort of the 300
men enlisted in the search were not again
seen.
The men who took such desperate
chances to regain their liberty were serv
ing sentences ranging from two months
to two years. They are: Harvey, Clarey.
Tracy, Kearney and Brooks. General
prisoners wear dark clothes with a large
"P" painted on the backs of their coats.
An additional means of identification Is
the black slouch hat having for a band a
bright red cord, which they wear. Severe
punishment will be meted out to them if
they are recaptured.
The guard will be placed under arrest
and tried by court-martial on a charge of
carelessness and neglect of duty.
Companies A, C and D of trm Twenty
fifth Infantry (colored) arrived at the
Presidio yesterday morning. There are 3C
men In the detachment, under command
of Captain R. L. Bush. The other officers
are Lieutenants Dodge and Green and
Acting Assistant Surgeons "Little and
Mansfield. Companies C and D are from
Fort Sam Houston. Texas, and Company
C is from Fort Bliss.
Company D, Twenty-fourth Infantry,
from Fort Harrison, Montana, under com.
mand of Lieutenant Fravel. arrived yes
terday morning.
up to 5 p. m. dally, and his constitution broke down under the strain. He has had
several short spells of sickness during the past three years, but the present is the
most serious.
During the absence of the Collector, the duties of his office are being performed
by bis son Stanley.
CUSTOMS
COLLEC
TOR JOHN
P. JACK-
SON lies se
riously in at his res
idence, 720 Sutter
street, in this city,
and his friends are
filled with anxiety
because of his con
dition. The patient
has been confined to
his bed for the
past week, and only
the most Intimate
friends of the family
have been allowed
to see. him. It is
said, however, that
In spite of his ad
vanced age — CS year*
—his condition was
much Improved this
morning, and Dr.
Rothschild, his at
tending physician,
has given much en
couragement to in
quirers.
Friends of Collec
tor Jackson have
observed that his
health has not been
as robust as It was
before he entered
upon the necessarily
arduous duties of
the C o 1 lectorship.
The hearing of Chi
nese i m m 1 p ration
cases has kept him
in the moldy office
Epeol&l Dispatch to The Call.
BAN" E.VFAEL. Sept. 24.— Single handed.
O. E. Smith took an engine and water-car
through the blaring forest near Howards
yesterday and saved a 145-foot trestle.
Two other engines with full crewB at
tempted the task, but had to return.
pwi&Z to the terrific heat.
When the great flre that for several
days had been devastating the north
country closed in upon tho railroad,
threatening its trestles and culverts, the
company sought to save the big trestle
&bout tiro miles this side of Howards.
TVo engines vriih water-filled tenders, in
charge of Conductors C. D. Phelps and
James P. Kenny and Engineers P. Elliott
¦Lnd John Williams, were dispatched to
the rescue of the Imperiled structure, but
vrtre driven back by the fierce flames
that swept the track.
O. E. Smith, who has charge of an
<r.£ir.e on a small wood road near Dtra
car.s, heard of the tfanger to the then
burning trestle. Without a moment's hesi
tation he ejwang Into his cab aione. and.
delaying ocly to couple on a large water
car, besan a race to the burning property.
Iiis course lay through the burning forest.
The n"arnes, leaping from the woods and
underbrush that paralleled the tracK,
played upon the Fides of his engine and
limited the wooden wall of the water car.
Jyrencliins his clothing with ¦water. Smith
with a bucket in hand climbed from his
f!y!r.g er.pine to the top of the water-car,
over the blazing sides of which he poured
bucketful af:erj bucketful of water until
the flames were extinguished. He then
envied back to the engine, where he sat
with the throttle in hand. From, time to
time he splashed water over the cab and
himself.
For twelve miles Smith made his gal
lant run. the last four of which were
thro-jph a veritable iurnsu-e. When he
came to the L^rnir.g trestle. Smith stop
ped his engine to open the valves of the
v.ater-car. Then be again took his post
as «-rgineer and commenced to draw the
< ar backward and forward along the 145
feet of trestle, mort of which was then
enveloped in J'.ame.*. His heroic efforts
Euvcd the immer.se trestle.
Mr. £mith is= too modest to go into the
<>ta",s of 2i:s race to save the railroad's
property, or of his hour's work on the
trestle, where the intense heat blistered
him face. He persists in declaring he bat
did his duty. Mr. Smith is a young man,
but has long been in the employ of the
railroad company.
ELOOISFIELD NOW IN DANGER
Esiiaiistsd Residents of Occidental
Can Render No Assistance.
Eiyeoid IhFf<atch to The Call.
PETALUMA, Sept. Free
stone and the great railroad trestle two
miles below Occidental have been rescued
from the flames, which are now advancing
toward Bloomfield. The fire is being urged
or.vrard by a heavy routieasterly wind.
The people of Occidental, Freestone and
the surrounding country, exhausted by
the intense heat and hard work, are un
eble to go to the assistance of their
threatened neighbors.
Occidental was In such extreme peril on
Friday r.ifrht that the residents removed
their goods and valuables to the streets in
readiness to n>e and leave the town to Its
fate. Mrs. I-ouls Headle, wife of one'- of
the fire fightere, who was 111 at the time,
was carried on hfr couch to the street.
Now that the danger is past the town is
b>-!nK placed" in a condition of safety,
for four miles of back-firing
have been made around the town, and
th^e fires will be Ftartrd should the wind
FViiich and drive the forest flames In that
direction again. Sentinels are posted and
men are out extinguishing smoldering em
bers.
Tho bj^LT.ch of the fire which went to-
T.ard Ltffcega, after burning several dairy
liousos. barns and much fencing. Is now
thought to be under control. Its progress
was interrupted late last night by back
f.rcs.
The fire which Is speeding toward
Blocmfleld crossed the county road be
tween Freestone and Santa Rosa and de
stroyed many of the county bridges. The
North Pacif.c Coast Railroad is stilt main
taining guards all along its line. Barrels
of water have been Etationed at every
trestle and the road through the fire belt
Is being patrolled by a construction train
laden with immense casks of water.
ONE FIRE-FIGHTER MISSING.
Believed to Have Perished in the
Flames Near Bodega.
Epcc'.al Dlr^atch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 24,-One of the fire
fighters who paved the town of Freestone
irom destruction on Sunday night Is miss
ing. The man is a stranger In this vicini
ty so his nair.e could not be learned. It
is feared he was burned to death. It was
only arttb the hardest kind of work that
;he town was saved.
About fifty square miles of land have
b^en burnoa over since last night, mak
ing more than a hundred and fifty square
miles devastated since the conflagration
started. The total loss In timber land*
tixn bark, farm crops and buildings is es
timated at more than $i,500.0:jO. Near Bo.
de^a six ranches were swept clear of
buildings, grain and hay. Among these
T7t-.re the two Dougla3 ranches, which lost
cr'.pp. bulli"lr.srs and all. William Collins
Bared his barn only. Everything on the
WelUngi ranch was razed. The Farre'll
CreaUdT lost all its barns, four In num
ber, and some of the dairy buildings.
Henjatn'n Joy's sawmill is In ruins. Al
len Craw lost part of his crop and most
» if his outbuildings. 1$. Harrington's bor
und Eh!r.g3e mitt, one <if the larpest of its
Jcinfl in the county, is a total loss.
At Freestone la?t nlpht Ftood a tralnload
fif forty women an<] children, ready to run
h-outh over the North Pacific Coast road
should tho fire grot Into the town. A 300
foot tr^tJe on the North Pacific Coast
Hallroad between Freestone and Occiden
tal was on fire three different times. This
tresUe Is the highest In the State and If
It had pone it would have been a heavy
less to the company.
CHILD STARTS CONFLAGRATION
Ranc-i Burned.
£p*e:aJ Dispatch to The jC?alt.
Euildings and Stock on a Penngrove
PENNQPOVE. Sept. .24.— A'larF« barn
and adjoining ehefli belonging to Stephen
Eassetti; a Swiss fanner, on the lower
er.2 or tSa Cotatl nacb. Bouthwest et
Succeeds In Beaching the Endan
gered Property After Two Train
Crews Had Been Forced
to Turn Back.
PREVENTS HEAVY LOSS
Twelve - Mile Run in
Sonoma's Burning
Forests.
Engineer Risks His
Life to Save a
Trestle.
WILD RACE
THRO' A SEA
OF FLAMES
F. A. HEALY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOME, Sept. 13, via Seattle. Sept. 24.—
Battered, beaten,, buffeted and bruised,
Nome's water front emerged this morning
from tho mest terrific storm which has
ever fceset It In the knowledge of the
white inhabitants. The spectacle unfold
ed by the return of daylight was grand
and terrible beyond the power of pen to
describe, and the damage to property and
the losses of Individuals were outside the
possibility of computation. Though the
fury of the wind bad abated somewhat
and the tremendous tide had partially re
ceded, the angry waters still raged like
a legion of furfcs; monster waves pound
ed and dashed against the city, while an
untold quantity of debris — lumber, piles,
wreckage of ships, barrels of liquor, tents,
sails, masts, building paper, portions of
buildings— covered the surface of the near
waters and tumbled about in wild con
fusion with the impetus of the surf. Thou
sands of people braved the elements to
feast their eyes upon a scene which will
leave an everlasting impression on the
memories of all.
Worst of all was the loss of life which
attended the storm. Eight men are known
to have been lost. Thousands of people
were bereft of their small belongings and
rendered homeless by the washing away
of their tents and houses. What the to
tal losses by the storm will foot up can
not be computed definitely. Reporters
who have gone carefully over the district
and obtained, as nearly as possible, esti
mates of the individual losses are satisfied
that the whole will foot up fully JaOO.OOO.
The flrst disaster of ttie fierce storm
was the coming ashore of the Alaska
CommtTCial Company's barge York,
which was heavily laden with winter pro
visions. This occurred about 2:30 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At 3:30 o'clock the
southeaster was piping a gale and tho
mammoth barge Bkookum, proudest and
etanchest of all the storm-tossed fleet,
dragged her anchors and started on the
Journey toward the beach and destruc
tion. After the Skookum had dragged
an hour or so the little tug America and
a steam launch which were tied astern of
the doomed barge began to show signs of
succumbing to the heavy sea. They
popped and bobbed about on the crest of
the swells until both were caught broad-
Bid© In the sea. Over they turned and
shot headlong to the bottom. Captain
Madison and the engineer of the tug are
believed to have gone down to a watery
grave. Nobody seems to know whether
or not the captain and engineer were
aboard the foundered tug, but all efforts
to locate them last night and to-day
proved futile.
The thirteen men aboard the Skookum
succeeded In finally getting ashore on a
lighter, some with serious injuries, but
without loss of life.
Captain Peterson's and Lane's lighters
all came ashore and played havoc with
the rear of several Front-street buildings
above and below the Alaska Commercial
Company plant. C. D. Lane's tug Islam
shared the fate of the America. The cap
tain of the Islam and two men lost their
lives. The schooner Prosper is a wreck
and Captain Gelser and one seaman have
found a watery grave. .
In endeavoring to cross Snake. Andrew
A. Ryan's small boat was overturned and
Ryan lost his life. He had purchased a
ticket and had Intended to leave In a day
or two for his home In Los Angeles,
where he leaves a widow and two grown
daughters. His body has not been re
covered.
The brunt of the storm and tide was
sustained by the low beachland extend
ing from the- office of the KImball Steam
ship Company west to tne Spit and up Riv
er street alone the banks of Snake River.
There the waters covered every foot of
beach to tho high ground on the north
side of the district. River street became
submerged to a depth of several feet.
With the sudden rising of the tide the
monster breakers came surging 1 In from
the sea, carrying ruin nnd destruction be
fore them. Buildings along the south side
of River street were carried a distance of
two blocks and dashed against those on
the opposite side. Among the prominent
buildings lost were the Riverside saloon,
Just completed three weeks ago by Walter
Barrleau; the Riverside printing office, the
Theatre Comlque building, Meyer's shoe
shop and residence, a new business build
ing Just completed by T. J. Nester, Tony
Tubbs restaurant and that of a company
of Japanese; D. Ramsey's building, used
as a barber shop; Star Laundry, Camp
bell s secondhand store, Hammond's pho
tograph gallery, Fred Aiker's news stand
the Seattle store, the Nome Pure Water
Company's building, the cold storage
plant and brewery, tho Baltimore House,
one of the handsomest structures on the
street, and several others.
Everything up to the Baltimore was
wrecked, while beyond that the balance
of the buildings along the river bank
were flooded. Only in a few instances
were stocks and other goods even partial
ly saved, so unexpected and sudden was
the onslaught of the waves.
On the Spit across the way tho destruc
tion of property was complete to a point
up to Dr. Grepg's private hospital. The
place was fairly crowded with tents and
small- frame buildings,, and, hundreds of
people made their homes there. Various
estimates are heard of the number of per
sons rendered homeless by the waters and
the general opinion is that 1000 Is a rea
sonable figure. That many of these un
fortunate ones will suiter severely is un
doubted. A serious loss to the camp Is
the 10,000 tons of coal drawn Into the sea.
Owing to the lateness of the season, this
may not be replaced and the supply of
fuel for the winter will be that much
short. ' ¦
Conservative Estimate Places at
a Half -Million Dollars the Total
Damage Done by the
* Storm. ' .
At Least Eight Lives
Lost and Hundreds
Homeless.
« — i
MANY BUILDINaS RAZED
Havoc Wrought by
Gale and Tidal
Wave.
HARVEST
OF DEATH
AT NOME
COLLECTOR OF PORT JACKSON
AGAIN STRICKEN WITH ILLNESS
Malady Is Painful, but Doctor Says Pa
tient Is Not in Grave Danger.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.
DESPERATE PRISONERS RUN THE
GAUNTLET TO REGAIN LIBERTY
Entire Force at the Presidio Called Out,
but the Five Men Escape.
COLLECTOR OF PORT JOHN P. JACKSON. WHO IS
AGAIN PROSTRATED BY ILLNESS. BUT WHO IS
SAID TO BE RECOVERIXG.
8
ji^V men
HP -<3SLm LOST VIGOR
Tew 'fST^&k restored:
lisl *^Jflsk CaU •' irriU tn kook ' frjt -
MW^ta DR. COOPER & CO.,
aB^i^lii? ' 318 Ettraj Stnet.
San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
-f OBttUcly cored by UbeoQ
, little Pills.
They also r»!fcve Distress firora Djgpcpgi^
Indigestion aad Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remtdy fa Dizziness, Nausea. DrcwsJ.
ness, Bad Taste to the Moctb, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowel* Purely Vegetable. , <i
Small Pin, Small Dose.
\*8ma!l Prlc9»' -
?o«o*o«o«o«o#o«o*o*o<»o<»o*oe«
IWIIE&fY IS HEALTHFUL?!
? CSt A Natural Mineral W&tar t
O ESn ***** medicinal qoalltlas, 6
O /|ia For Icdigsstioa a=a °
o Stoaach Dborian. 6
% J|g|& So-caned VI C H Y I
$|jg£ffig| IN SIPHONS %
! 5p? ilM VJGHYf
o ia^aMl Get th0 Genulna o
? _^»I|IMIUI— WWW ?
O a. VICN1ER. Distributing Aja/ *
?O»O+O+O+Q+O»O»i>*O*O+Cl«»O»O»
RUPTURE CURED.
When we say "rupture cured" we mean \;
for It Is a fact that during the past 20 year*
DR. PIERCBTS MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing el*9
like It. Best retainer made. It docs the work.
Investigate for yourself. ETCall for "Book,
let No. 1." cr send 2 cents In stamps. Ad«
dress:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market Street. San Francisco,
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
vSM «W^ Established
nHliM -4§raJ Most Extensive
\^^^^^W Consultation
Market St..
S* )V;"1»* 1 ¦ San Francisco.
Avisit DR. JORDAN'S qreatJ
{MUSEUM OF ANATOHY?
¦7 f«& 1C511U3SZ7 ST. tat. 6&171X S.J.&J. A
T Xg The Larije«t Anatomical Museum in tba \
A World Vie&knocsot or any contracted $
V dCTC&N disene pemlU'eSyeuredhythaoldair %
Qt Jj5 £a 4 bpccialut rn tht Coau. Ei', 36 yean. $
A £»g^A DR. JORDAN-PRIYArE CISEASES 4
\ tt rA -i^ jj fk Conu!t3ticn frr*> 2nd strictly prir^o. \
A I Tjy^H Tr«i:oier.f. personally pr by letter. A M
\ M nr Si if ttrt Curtiz errery case onJerui en. \
Am a ll£* Wme f« Book. paiLoviipaif *f «
W • (l li a4asBi.%GE. maiuo Fjisa. ja"
X A Q, valuable book for men/ \
V DU. JOBDAX A CO.. 10&1 Mart et St , a F. f
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong aad •tronjc
men and women stronger. Rooms 6 and (. 47
Post et.. San Francisco CaL
SKA6GS HOT SPRINGS,
Sonoma County.
Only *% hours from San Francisco and but
nln« miles of staging; waters noted for medl-
clnaJ virtues; best natural bath In State; grind
mountain scenery: good trout streams at door:
telephone, telegraph; dally mall and express.
First-Class Hotel and
Stage Service.
Morning and afternoon stages; round trip
from Ban Francisco only $3 50. Taka Tlburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a
day or $12 a week. References— Any guest of
the past five years; patronage constantly in-
creasing. J. F. irULGREW. Proprietor.
\fpHEUMATiSM
§ \ ....CUBED"-
by the waters and the mud baths
and the hot mineral ba:hs of
BYRON MOT SPRINGS
Address A. EETTEX3, Sfanager.
Byron Hot Sprtnxs. Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. 3« Geary st.. City Asts».
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad of America. Is now open for the
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE. Paralso
Springs. CaL
KVAMATH HOT SRItlliOS.
The healtnie»t resort In the prettiest county tr»
California. Trout fishing— finest In the State —
Shove 1 . Creek. IS miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of gaxno In surrounding mountains—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSO.V BROS..
Proprietors. B*awlcfc. Slsklyou County. CaL
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
loe most attractive place in Lak» County t>.
rpend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl.i
log. tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write tag
circular to h. WA1IBOLD.
, Lanrel Dell. Lake County. C*L
KAHLER'S new summer resort. Cazadero. CaL
—Horn* cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
Ing; general mdse., cnoic* liquors, clsarj;
popvlar prices.Disappearance of a Clergyman.
Mrs. R. M. Hodgson of 2410 Fulton
street, Berkeley, reported at the Morgue
yesterday the disappearance of Malelan
S. Oause, a clergyman , of Skarksville,
Indiana.
On August 1 of the present year Mr.
Gause wrote to his sister in Skarksville
Informing her that he was then lying sick
in his room on the third floor of a hotel
in this city. Nothing has been heard of
him since then.
HANDFULS OF HER HAIR.
EXHIBITED AS EVIDENCE
Mrs. Stratley Has Mrs. Robinson
Arrested for Battery and Is Ad
judged the Aggressor.
Several handfuls of hair torn from the
head of Mrs. Norah Stratley. 114 Hayes
street, by Mrs. Annie Robinson waa sub
mitted as evidence in Judge Fritz's court
yesterday during the trial for battery of
Mrs. .Robinson, who was charged with
the offense by Mrs?. Stratley.
The evidence showed that Mrs. Stratley
and Mrs. Robinson had worked together
In a restaurant at 10S Hayes street. On
the ISth inst. they had a row over a dog.
Mrs. Stratley waited till Mrs. Robinson
left the restaurant and then attacked her
verbally. After a hot exchange of words
there was a fight and hair-pulling match.
The Judge, after hearing all "the evi
dence, came to the conclusion that Mrs.
Stratley was the agpressor and dismissed
the case. The hair was returned to Mrs.
Stratley by order of the court. r'"_-.v'
FELL DOWNSTAIRS AND
WAS INSTANTLY KILLED
Harry Nightwine Called Upon a Sick
Friend and Made a Fatal
j&issten.
Harry Xightwine, a brasa mclder em
ployed in the Union Iron Works, waa In
stantly killed at 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing by falling downstairs and breaking
his neck.
Klghtwine had sp«nt the evening visit-
Ing a sick friend at 508 Twentieth street,
and drank a good deal fit liquor. A steep
flight of stairs loads from his friend's
room to the street, and while starting to
descend the stairs Niijhtwine missed hii
footing "and fell to the bottom, striking
upon his head. Death was almost Instan
taneous.
Nightwine -was 36 years old. unmarried
and resided at 501 Twentieth street.
NOTE. — In the above exposition of th# tides
the early mornlnsr tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, thr. third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given ty. the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*
In the I>ivorcs Court.
Clara Demek was eranted a divorce
from Albln Pemek yesterday on the
sround of infidelity. May E. Collier has
been granted a divorce from Reginald
Collier on the ground of neglect. Isldor
Horn has filed answer to the action for
divorce recently filed .by Esther Horn.
Horn, after denying his wife's allegations,
charges that she frequently assaulted him
and on one occasion attacked him with a
knife. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Annie P. Johnson against John H.
Johnson for failure to provide: Mary Mar
ton against Algernon V. Marton ' for
cruelty; Louise Josephine Hazard against
Clement Hazard for cruelty; Helen P.
Stlnweg against Charles A. Stinweg for
cruelty and Elizabeth Peck against Mark
Peck for desertion.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 23,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Tlmea and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Port Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The hleh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five mlnutts later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
KIT CARSON', A FAMOVS
SCOUT A.VD VERT SUCCESS
FUL. rATHFINDER.
SANTA CRUZ ON
SUNDAY NEXT
A Great Day at This Pretty Eesort.
The number of people who are induced
by cheap excursion rates to take short
trips Into the country every now and
then almost surpasses belief. During the
summer outing season . now nearlng Its
close thp Souther Pacific has carried
nearly one hundred thousand people to
popular picnic grounds or resorts near by
and brought them all back happier, bet
ter and with a keen desire to go again.
On Sunday next Santa Cruz will te
objective point, and It will be a surprise
to every one if on that occasion the ag
gregate number is not swelled by several
thousands. Santa Cruz Is one of the most
favorable places in the State for just such
an outing, and no short trip3 the world
over possess such a variety of attrac
tions. Excursionists will have five or six
hours on the beach and a number of brief
.stops at the pretty nooks in the Santa
Cruz Mountains.
Round trip tickets will be $2. and you
can get them any day this week at 613
Market street, the company's city ticket
office. "Wm. H. Menton will be in charge
of the excursion.
At the request of the members of the
Mercantile Library! the trustees of that
institution have Issued a call for a special
meeting to be held on Thursday evening,
when the matter of chanr.ng the present
location of the library will be thoroughly
discussed. The old rooms of the Y. M. C.
A. on Sutter street have been mentioned
as the new headquarters for the library,
and while the trustees have Inspected the
place and expressed their approval of the
new location nothing definite has been
clone In the matter.
As matters stand at present the affairs
of the library are apparently hopelessly
involved. The indebtedness of the insti
tution is not very . much below $76,000.
Removal would necessarily Involve a large
outlay, which the conservative members
are rather averse to incur, when it is con
sidered that a down-town library Is not
sure to refill the depleted treasury of the
institution. Other members again favor
consolidation with the Mechanics' Insti
tute Library. Opposition to the proposed
consolidation comes chiefly frqm the older
members of the Institute, who, though
willing to accept the books of the Mercan
tile, together with its large membership,
are not willing to add "Mercantile" to its
name.
If the Mercantile Is doomed to lose Its
Identity and its name, many of its mem
bers argue that it would be better to do
nate the Mercantile books to the San
Francisco Public Library.
However, all members will have a
chance to air their opinions on the matter
on Thursday evening, when a lively ses
sion with probably some beneficial results
Is confidently looked for.
Consolidation With Mechanics' Insti
tute or Donation of Books to the
Public Library Also Con
sidered.
Library Trustees Will Dis
cuss the Matter With
Members.
MERCANTILE MAY
MOVE INTO OLD
Y. M. C. A. ROOMS
SHIPPING INDUSTRY OF COAST
HAS NEVER BEEN MORE PROSPEROUS
MIore TfcL&n TfcLirty "Vessels Bxxilt Here- ID-tar
ing ZFresicLent Term.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK — Arrived Sept 24 — Stmr Menom
lnes, from London.
OCEAN' STEAMERS,
FOREIGN" PORTS.
KIKSALE — Passed Sept 24 — Br ship Jeseo
mene, hence April IS, for Queenstown.
HULL— Arrived Sept 23— Br ship Clan Gal
bralth, hence April 26.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. -
PORT SAID — Arrived Sept 7 — U S sttnr Sat
urn, from Norfolk, for China or Manila.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Sept 23— Jap
stmr Hongkonsr Maru. hence Aug 29. Sailed
Sept 2o — Jap Etmr America Maru, for San Fran-
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Sept 24— Br ship
FiPry Cross, from Acapulco.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived Sept 23— Bark Snow
and Burgees, from Port Blakeley.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept. 2t— Br ship Fiery
Cross, from Acapulco.
Indiana University.
In law— became an accomplished fact up
to the forty-ninth parallel from the moun
tains to the sea. Space will not permit
that the.story of that ride of Whitman
and the consequent colonization should be
retold here. The marvel of it la written
in the history of Oregon and In Whit
man's self-sacrificing life. The spirit of
exploration and adventure, the thirst for
knowledge and the ir.satiahle desire to at
tain the unknown have led men through
unspeakable sufferings and hardships aivl
dangers. These motives impelling men to
voyage and exploration seem to have
found their counterpart In the unconquer
able zeal of this patriot missionary, and
as long as the names of great explorers
are remembered Whitman's name will be
found in honorable place amon-r the list.
JAMES A. WOODBUKN.
Note— This concludes the course entitled
"Discoverers and Explorers of North
America." An examination will be set on
Tuesday. October 9. as the basis for the
granting of certificates.
XI.
(Concluded.) v :-\
The story of Fremont's life brings us
also the account of a third expedition to \
the west. It is the story of the explora- j
tlon of Nevada and of. the conques: of
California. After he had reached th^ val
ley of the San Joaquin he left his party, |
while he himself went to Monterey, then
the capital of the province, to obtain sup- |
plies and the permission of the Mexican ;
Government to continue hl3 . explorations. ;
He was ordered out of the country, and j
was proceeding . northward to Oregon, j
when word came of the outbreak of the i
Mexican war, and Fremont was ordered '
to protect American interests In Caluor- '
n!a. In co-operation with Camniodore* j
Stockton and Sloat. Fremont added mate- |
I'ally In securing California for America, j
He was elected Governor of California ly I
the American settlers. on July 4, 1S46, and !
in 1S47 he was made military commander j
and civil governor by the Washingtci i
Government. In that year (1S-17) he con- '
eluded articles of capitulation with Mex*
ico by which California became a perma
nent American possession.
But if we were to have California and
Oregon we must have the right of way to
reach these new Pacific possessions. It
was thought that by the South Pass emi
grant trains could reach the Northwest.
But to reach southern and central Cali
fornia it was necessary that we have
New Mexico and Arizona. The tide of mi
gration could find a better route, shorter
and In a. more temperate climate, by fol
lowing ihe thirty-fourth parallel through
the center of New Mexico, reaching tno
Pacific near Los Angeles. Here was a re
gion that had yet to be made known. Pika
had revealed but little concerning It. A
few years after Pike— in 151*— Major L<on?.
sent by President Monroe, had explored
the valley of the Platte. Following the
south fork of the Platte, after a Journey
of more than 1000 miles, Long cams to the
mountains, in July, 1S20, and he left
Longs Peak on the map as a memorial
of the Journey* Long went still farther
south to the region below the upper Ar
kansas, but he brought the world but lit
tle knowledge of the plains and plateaus
of New Mexico and Arizona. To conquer
this region and hold it for our own as a
means of access to California was consid
ered of great importance. With this end
in view General Kearny marched from
Fort Leavenworth in June, 1S46, for Santa
Fe. Among his motley force was a bard
of Mormons, and Parker says "there was
something striking in the half-military,
half-patriarchal appearance of these
armed fanatics, thus on their way, with
their wives and children, to find a Mor
mon Canaan in California." Kearny
inarched over the old trail through El
Moro and Las Vegas. San Miguel and old
Pecos, and without opposition on August
8. 1S46, he unfurled the Stars and Stripes
over the Mexican palace of Santa Fe.
Kearny continued his march with a
part of his men through Arizona to the
Pacific. On his way he met Kit Carson,
the famous scout and guide, who was on
his way to Washington as a fcourler with
dispatches from Fremont. A word only
as to this famous courier: Kit Carson,
one of the most picturesque characters ot
American history, was born In Kentucky
In 1S09. While still an mfant he was
taken by his parents to the wilds of Mis
souri. At the age of 15 he began the
hunter's life which gave him the training
that enabled him afterward to render dis
tinguished services to his country. No
white man was better known among the
Indians and none knew better than he the
Indian life and character; arrQ it has been
truthfully said that no man did more than
Carson to further the settlement of the
Northwestern wilderness. In both the
Mexican and civil wars he. rendered great
service to the Government as scmit and
guide and courier, and much of the suc
cess of Fremont's expeditions was due to
his faithfulness and knowledge.
Time will not permit to tell the story of
Marcus Whitman and how he saved Ore
gon. But our account would be Inade
quate without some reference to the early
missionary whose early labors and ex
plorations contributed so much to our
knowledflp and possession of the North
west. Wnen the four Nez Perces Indians
visited St. Louis In 1S33. asking that the
DISCOVERERS AND E J>C r»L-O R E PiS Of INORTH
AmERlCA.
Bible should be sent to their people, the
Christian churches of America were
aroused to activity. In 1S34 the Methodist
board of missions sent out the Revs. Jason
and Daniel Lee. The next year, 1S35. Dr.
Marcus .Whitman went to Oregon under
the direction of the American board for
the Congregational church. Whitman de
tected \he purpose of the Hudson Bay
Company to colonize Oregon in EnsHsh
interest and he determined to forestall the
plan by a counter movement. American
migration must be hastened or Oregon
would be lost. "Without a day's delay
A« hitman started to carry to the Govern
ment at Washington the hews of the peril
to Oregon, and as the result of his deter
mination Whitman's heroic rid* has be
come or.e of the noted chapters in the his
tory of American trial ami adventure.
Here was a Christian endeavnrer who
faced the winter, the mountains, the
plains. the dangers of starva
tion and massacre in order to spur
his Government to greater energy In pre
serving for his countrymen the region of
the Columbia. Whitman returned the fol
lowing season with a train of emigrants,
nnd with the tide that set in fw*rT the
States American possession— nine points
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE EXPLORERS OF THE GREAT WEST.
P,«~!<3e these vessels, now til under
charter th»re are from fifteen to twenty
more vrWl* on ih" ¦toetai and all of them
wl'l le add*d to the Pacific Coast fleet
before th*» yrar is out. Over thirty large
icmI,' have been purchased in the Ka*t
*rrt aVjdod to the lift of "vessels owned
,,ri the Pacific Coast." There is not one
of them that is not making money. Snip
<"trr.ttr» can pick and choose their charters
and in consequence the nnmes r>f men who
D«ver r«<-for« meddied with ships exeep*
us chJirtercrs row appear. as owners.
Northwester Slakes Trouble.
! The cale 'bat has been blowing outbid
km thep**t twecty-four hours ha* made
Jfouble for the coasters and the pilot?.
: The erhooners Nettle Sundborr and Mary
¦Etta had to run back to port to escape its
ijury. while the pilot beat Ladv Mine lost
I her gaff and foresail and had xo run in
: U ThI wors\ C pnrt of the affair, however,
is the fact that Pilot George Scott is
iFomewbere out in the Pacific aboard the
Jiritifh Fhip Flintshire. The vessel went
out Saturday and ev.r since •the north-
Toster has been blowing. Off the light
»-hip an attempt was made to heave the
Flintshire to. but this could not be ac-
: cofBptlKhed any degree of safety.
T!-e Aldcn B^pe went out in company
v.j'th the Britisher and Captain Scott may
have been transferred to her. Again ho
¦¦mmr have been landed on the Farallones.
Ti> any event the Flintshire will not take
him to Kngland. The charge for a pilot
1 :ikcn away is $3 a day. so the captain of
¦:h*> Britisher will stard back when the
|;!r- is over and land his pilot.
To Aid Galvcston Sufferers.
: The Harbor Commissioners have ar
ranged, for a grand promenade concert in
?he gTand nave of the Ferry depot next
Saturday night. Every cent of ihe pro
ceeds will co to the Gaiveston relief fund. I
Water Front Notes.
day with one of the largest cargoes of
pafmon ever brought Into port. She has
C2 000 cares aboard. She had more than
150 Chinese on her passenger list, and not
one of them was allowed to land until
Dr. Kinyoun had made a personal Inspec
tion. The last salmon vessel that came
in from Alaska is still In quarantine.
Som» of the Chinese were allowed to land
before the vessel was inspected and the
quarantine officers refused to pass the
ship. The captain of the Tacoma took
warning and all his coolies are still
aboard.
The Jeanie of the Pacific Steam "Whal
inj? Company's fleet brought down 2Q,W0
cases of salmon.
W. -H. Stewart, late assistant superin
tendent of the Risdon Iron Works, is
now at Marysville doing Bome very im
portant work for the Yuba. Electric Power
Company. A number of mechanical prob
lems confront the concern, and Mr. Stew
ert has been employed to solve them.
Sacramento and the surrounding: districts
have to be supplied with power and it is
proposed to bring it as Xar as Oakland.
Mr. Stewart was with the Risdon In 1S92,
and then for five years was with the Pa
cific Improvement Company. For the
last three years he was with the Risdon
again as "right hand man" to Marine
Superintendent Tabratt. The Yuba Elec
tric Power Company has- secured a good
man in Mr. Stgwart, ., :
Captain Stott of the British ship Rpeke
Is the happiest man In port- The .vessel
left Australia on July la, and when. she
was off Bird Island on September 9" Mrs.
Stott " presented her husband" with a
bouncing baby boy. The Epcke arrived
here September 21 and was placed In quar
antine. .She has now been released and
the captain ai)d his •wife are. receiving the
congratulations of their friend? ;
Charters.
The Cavour loads lumber at Port Blakely
for Valparaiso for orders, owners' account;
the Fred J. Wood lumber at Tacoma for
¦West Coast, pior to arrival: the General Fair
child lumber on Puget Sound for Sydney,
47s 6d. M^bouroe or Adelaide, 35s 6d, prior
to arrival; the Metha Nelson lumber at Ta
coma for Hilo; the Ruth lumber at Eureka
for Australia.
Large Shipment of Canned Goods.
The British ship Hiddekel cleared yesterday
for Liverpool with cargo valued at I4S3.02S,
including the following:
63,7:fl cs canned fruit, S3.1S4 cs canned sal
mon, 200 cs honey. 52S sks cascara, 129.474 lbs
tallow. 11,11; ctis wheat. 21,000 ft lumber dun
nace.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer I'matilla sailed Sunday for Vic
toria with a general cargo valued at 122,230,
of which ftK'70 was manifested to Victoria and
the balance. I13.1S0, for the Eastern States.
The following were the principal shipment?:
For Victoria— 5 c* arms and ammunition, 33€6
lbs bread, 713 lbs cheese. 15 tons chop feed.
7 bdls cordage. 3 pkgs Chinese provirions, 232
cs canned poods, 23 tons coal. S3 cs drugs, 11.
7«0 lbs dried fruit, 2 cs dry goods, 3 pkgs
electrical goods, 33 pkps groceries and pro
visions, 4«0 lbs coffee. "M lbs fire cla$T5 cs
fruit, 1";9 cs hardware, SCO lbs hops, 11 cs
honey, 3'"'~>O ft lumter. 17 pkgs machinery, SO
tin.= matches. 1400 lbs mill stuffs, 47,615 lbs
malt, SO; cs paste, 125 cs raisins, 4 crs stoves,
CVJO lbs shot, 2? kegs spikes, 6 cs whiskey.
14 pkjirs vegetables, 15 cs sweet potatoes. 54
C.iJs 5 cs wine. 60 crs onions, 723 pkga fruit,
66 bov*s lemons.
For New Hampshire: 160 bbls salmon.
For Cincinnati; 10S bbls pickled cherries.
For New York— 440 bbls 40 half bbls salmon.
For Vermont: 3f>0 bbls Falinon.
For Massachusetts: 220 bbls salmon.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Monday, September 24.
Stmr Scotia, Walvig, M hours from Crescent
City.
Stmr Jeanle, Mason, ll',4 days from Uyak.
Ftmr Pomona, Shea. 16H hours from Eureka.
Etmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie, 20 hours from
Pireon Point.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolling, £6 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 22 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 21 hours from Eu
reka, bound Eouth, put in to land passengers.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 64 hours from Ean
Dieffo.
RETURNED.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, C3 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Ship Tacoma, Pedersen, 22 days from Xusha
gak.
Ship Oriental, Parker, 24 days from Bristol
Bay.
Schr Eliza Miller, Lempke, 36 hours from Eu
reka.
Monday, September 14.
Br stmr Samoa, Hudson, hence Sept 22, for
Taku, on account of machinery being disabled.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, hence Sept "2, for
Bowens Landing, on account of strong north
west winds
Hcfcr Nettie Sundborg. Anderson, hence Sept
24, on account of strong northwest winds.
CLEARED.
SAILED,
Monday, September 24.
Rtmr Coos Bar. Nopander, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria: O. R. & N.
Co.
Br ship Hiddckel, Oudney, Liverpool: G. W.
McNear.
Bktn Irmpard, Schmidt, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
Schr H C Wright, Nielsen, Kahului; M. S.
Grlnbaum & Co.
Monday. September 24.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma.
Ktmr Geo Loomlf. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander, San Pedro.
Schr Abie. Peterson. Coos Bay.
Ktmr Brunswick, Andresen, San Pedro.
Rtmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, .
Stmr National City. Dettmers, — -.
Ptir.r Santa Cruz. Hinkle, Southern Coast.
Stmr Funol, Green, . ¦
Ftmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie, Southern Coast.
Stmr Cleone. Lundqulst. , with Nettie
Sundbore in tow.
Bktn Irmeard, Schmidt, Honolulu.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Anderson, .
Sclir Ocean Fpray. Larsen, Iversens Landing.
Schr Maria E Smith, Nielsen. Port Gamble.
Schr Chas E Falk. Heoninjrsen. Hilo, via Al
bion. In tow of stmr South Coast.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 24—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest, velocity ]2 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 21. lat 36.67 N. Ion 72.27 W— Ship John
McDonald, from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per Ftmr Brunswick— Sept 23. 5:15 p. m.—
Passed U S ftmr Wisconsin, off Point Gorda.
Per ship Oriental— Fine weather and variable
winds until the last five days. Thence to port
strong: northwest winds.
rORT LOS ANGEI.ES— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr
Alcatraz, from Greenwood.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept »— Ship Star
of Italy, from Port Townsend.
POHT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept 2*-^Stxnr Al-
KI. ror SJtairuay.
TACOMA-Arrived Sept 2*-8chr Glendale,
hence Se?t 9. [
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr Lakme
hence Ser>t 21.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 23— Br etmr Inver
ness, from Port Townsend; ship Isaac Reed,
hence Sept 4. Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Willamette,
for San Francisco; Br etmr Port Albert, for
Manila. Kept 24— Stmr Aberdeen, for Skaguay,
stmr Mackinaw, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 24— Ship Levl G Bur
gpfs. hence Sept 8.
WHATCOM— Sailed Sept 2*— Schr Wm H
Smith, for Csllao. - '¦-¦.-. . w .--.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr Arcata,
hence Sept 20.
POUT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 24— Schr Inca,
for Sydney.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr "W H
Kruger, hence Sept 2%
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 23-Schr P J Albers.
from Cape Nome.
NEAH BAY— Passed Sept S4— Dutch stmr Wll
helmlne, from Yokohama; etmr Roanoke, from
Cape Nome; Br ship Wanderer, from Shanghai.
HADLOCK— Arrived Sept M— Bark General
Fairchild, from Port Townsend.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr Del Norte,
for Pan Francisco. MaapNBfl"**s
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Eureka,
hence Sept 22. •
• PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept ~ 24— Stmr
Roanoke, -from Nome; Dan ttmr Wilhelmlna,
from Yokohama.
BOWEN'S LANDING— Sailed .Sept 24— fichr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco
McKINLET ar.d Prosperity** Is
the watch-word on the water
front. Never before In the his
tory of the past have as many
chips been built on the Coast.
A I Port Lodtow and Port Blakeley, Grays
Harbor and MarshfieM. Portland and EiN
r'-ks. Rmida and Alameda the shipyards
have been overrun with work, and be
rause owners could not get vessels built
):ere quick enough many contracts were
let in Scotland.
Ii!::d. Rolph & Co. built during' the year
• m schooners M.'J-.ukor.a. Kai!ua, Robert
K. Hind and James Rolph and the steel
arkeatlne Hawaii. The latter was built
.:. Sootland ar.d is now en her way to
,\ 'isrralia to load coal for Chile. Besides
these vessels; the firm has a four-masted
f botiser building at Alameda Point and
Knottier at Eureka.
< "hr.rlcs Nelson. James H. Bruce. John
D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.. E. K. Wood,
Ewajrxte &. Hoyt, the Simpson Lumber Co..
< A. Hooper, the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company and the Kimball Steamship
< mp&ny ¦were all amon; the builders and
• :-"ir vessels are now running and mak
ing money.
Among the steel vessels built for the
1 r.asl trade were the barkentlr.es Aita
~:.d Hawaii, built in Scotland on the
• ivde. and the steamers St. Paul. Senator
er.dCaJlfomian built in San Francisco. The
mpWe list a? comr<i!ed by A. Marks.
rVaJpy and W. Down* of the Mer
- hantf' Exchange Is as follows:
The sraiid nave will be illuminated as
during- the Native Sons' celebration ana a
most elaborate programme has been pre
pared. The bands from the battleship
Iowa and training ship Pen?acola will
furnish the music. The programme will be
as follows:
"Ptar-fpansled Banner": overture, "The
Barber of Feville" mesial): grand selection.
"La Traviata"' fYerdi); waltz. •'Santiago 1 '
fCorbin); du-jt for cornet*, selected. Messrs.
Kennedy and Paoheeo; Mazourka Russ>e, "La
Ozarinne" (Ganne); review, "Mosquito Parade"
(Whitney): intermission; overture, "Tambour
des Garde" (.Tit'l); selection. "The Princess of
Trc-biror.de" (Oftenbach): waltz, "Die Hydro
paten" «Iutik"1): barytone Bolo, "Cantlque de
Noel" <Acam>; Fran.! selection. "Lucia rti
I.aromermoor" (Donizetti); march. "Stars and
Stripes Forever" (SousaJ; "Hail Columbia."
The admission will be 25 »*ents and the
Commissioners hope to realize £1090 from
the affair.
Strike on the Alesia.
All the carpenters on the German
Fteamer Alesia walked out yesterday.
They were employed in putting In the
horse stalls, but the work was not pro
gressing rapidly enough. A number of
nnn-ur.lon men were put on the job by the
contractor and In consequence all the un
ion men walked ashor«\ For a time there
was not a nail driven on the transport,
and then the contractor gave in. The
Al^sia is to carry 900 horses from here to
China for the German Government.
Big Cargo of Salmon.
The Ala-ska Packers' Association's ship
Tacoma arrived froni Nushagak yester-
POME OF THE STEAMERS. BARKEXTINES AND FOUR-MASTED SCHOONERS ADDED TO THE COAST FLEET
DURING McKINLEY'S ADMINISTRATION*. SHIPYARDS OX THIS EDGE OF THE CONTINENT HAVE BEEN
CROWDED WITH WORK AND CRAFT TURNED OUT ARE ALL EARNING MONEY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.
TO SAIL.
Judgment for Johnson.
In the case of Alfred Johnson vs. the
Pride of the River. United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday gave Judgment
for $363 In favor of the libelant.
Dennis Kilday Missing.
Dennis Kllday of 1248 Howard street
has been missing since Friday. He was
very sick when he left the house, and
his friends fear that he may have become
demented. •
Shoplifter Arrested.
Mary Morton, an old woman, was ar
rested in the Emporium yesterday after
noon by Special Officers Allen and Tilton
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
of petty larceny. She had stolen a linen
handkerchief and cpllar, which were held
as evidence against her.
To enjoy a glass of ccol arid pure Beer
call for Rainier. •
Painter Falls Thirty Feet.
H. Leach of 16 Hopeton terrace was
painting a house at 2S16 Sutter street yes
terday afternoon, when the rope support
ing the staging on which he stood broke
and he fell to the ground, a distance of
about thirty feet. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where It was found
that he had escaped with a scalp wound
and a general jarring.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. 2C.. Mer
chants' Exchange. Ean Francisco, Cal..
September 14, 1S00.
The time ball on the tower of the new Perry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at/S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIXS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. K.. In charge.
9
RiS.
:t
Ballt at Built for
rhooner ..
rfcoor.er ..
f
€05 i
«R3 I
I North Bend !c. A. Hooper.
] Grays Harbor IS. E. Slade.
/ ¦- ii .fci 1 k M/.ir,f
rhocaT ..
•hooner ...
4.-3 i
... I
I Eureka A. Meyer.
I San Francisco |M. Turner.
.... ha
Sc
.... Sc
.... Ha
Pc
So
•irkenttne .
-hooner ..
arkectlne
?hrxKier ..
-hooner ..
13S2 !
663 i
' Glawrow A. P. Ix>rentren-
| Grays Harbor Wilson Brothers.
! Port lyjdlow Rcnton, Holmes 4 Co.
', Fan Francisco M. Turner.
! Hoquiam 'A- Meyer.
1 San Francisco iM. Sanders.
600 !
47S i
j North Bend iSirnpBon Lumber Co.
! Grays Harbor iE. K. Wood.
498 j
S12 i
I
j Tort Blakeley !HaIl Brrthers. -
i San Francisco !M. Banders.
I Hoquiam iE. K. Wood.
O2 !
4V) !
! Mat-FhHeid ISwayne & Hort.
I Aberdeen IS. E. glade. •
€21 !
6"1 I
r.78 I
! Fan Francisco iM. Sanders.
I Gra-j-B Harbor IE. K. Wood.
f Eureka :J- H. Bruce.
I Port Ludlow 'J. D. Spreckels.
bell'.
tt
ter...
rey..
ider..
ill....
A.'....
ra. ...
r
Q ( .l
... iia
s- 1
'Sc
.... r>a
.. Sc!
. . . . He!
!Ba
....', Sc
,...iSc!
.... Be!
.... Sd
So!
.... Sc
....Hcl
>sc:
.... PC
|0d
Sd
IScJ
'.'.'.! i2
Sc
....Ha
Sc
....isc
.'.".'! Sc
«c
..Hist
Ft-
St
:st
....ist
St.
.... 6t
Si
.... St
ISt
....'St
!Ft
ISt
1st
"...Ft
>et
¦hooner ..
jrkentine
•hooner ..
"hooner ..
-hoarier ..
irkentine
'hooner ..
horner ..
:hooner ..
arkentine
¦hooner ..
rhooner ..
¦hooncr ..
•hooner ..
¦hocner ..
r hooner ..
•hooner ..
•hooner ..
: hooner ..
-hooner ..
¦hocner ..
rhocner . .
'hoonT . .
¦hoc.ncr . .
are*
L'hoOtlT . .
rhooner ..
.hooner ..
jhooner ..
rhoonrc ..
teamer ...
iciaicr ...
t earner ...
tea m«r . . .
I'smcr ...
teamer . . .
•earner ...
t earner ...
t earner ...
Learner . . .
t carrier ...
teamex ...
t famfr ...
learner ...
teamer . . .
teamrr ...
(earner ...
teamer . . .
tearaer . . .
te?.mer ...
: earner ...
teainer ...
leaner ...
?^ i
SCO I
... I
as '¦
ra i
1CS0 j
s§
CSS
512
€43
*'.-'.
(¦:,?. I
647 i
K9|
<: 1
Vih !
SS5 I
cm !
€20 i
ess I
«l
Hi
4$1 i
49« !
456 f
467 j
C97 S
:.<¦> i
2ii :
2«s :
6% j
KM
cio !
£43 ¦
I
233 !
12W, !
tia j
137 !
*37 I
1S35 !
>ii ;
6T7 j
2CJ j
! Aberdeen IWilson Brothers.
| Dumbarton. England.jHind. Rolph & Co.
I Eureka .Charles Nelson.
' Fairhaven !J. H. Bruce.
i Maifhfleld |C. A. Hooper.
I Eureka ISudden & Chnstensen.
Grays Harbor ICharlea Nelson.
I Eureka ;Hlnd. RoJph & Co.
i Port Blakeley iHail Brothers.
! Marshfield icrharles Nelson.
Grays Harbor IHlnd, Kolph & Co.
Pan" Francisco iM. Panders.
Port Blakeley iF. P. & J. A. Hooper.
Port Blakeley.... (Hall Brothers.
I Grays Harbor !Hind. Kolph & Co.
iCooa Bay ;C. A. Hooper.
I Pert Blakeley 'Renton. Holmes & Co.
San Francisco IX. Sanders.
I Port Blakeler IHall Brothers.
| « rays Harbor g. E. Slade.
San Francisco Williams. Dlmond&Co.
I Eureka iHlcd. Rolph & Co.
' New \Vhatcon> ISwayne & Hoyt.
i Fureka. Charles Nelnon.
• Eureka llnion OH Company.
i CAdttle ...iSlmpson Liumber Co.
Eureka '. IMoCallam F. & T. Co.
! San Francisco iWilllam Olsen.
I Port Blakeley IHall Brothers.
I Port Blakeley IHail Brcthers.
' Aberdeen Beadle Brothers.
¦Fan Francisco (Williams. Dimond&Co.
! Grays Harbor jPcllard & Dodge.
i San Pedro C. P. Doe
1 San Francisco '.Robert Dollar.
FurP ;^ {Dolbeer & Careon.
i Everett " Klmball S. S. Co.
! Portland. Or |Ala5ka Packers' Ai«x
: Florence j A - ' w - Beadle.
'Coos Bay (Simpson Lumber Co.
i Gray* Harbor i Pollard & Dodge.
! Eureka :..!V. r . A. Mitchell.
¦Grays Harbor JPollard * Dodge.
• Grays Harbor jP.obert Dollar.
|Ean Francisco A. W. Beadle.
, Pan FracclMO.: J. R. Hanify.
! San Francisco jGoodall. Perkins & Co.
ICoos Bay A. W. Beadle.
| San Francisco iAlawka Commercial Co.
! Ban Francisco (J. It. Hanifjr.
! Aberdeen !J. R- Hanify.
! Fort Bragg iKimbaJl R. B. Co.
'• Hoqniam JTruckee Lumber Co.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Columbia .. Portland [Sep. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 25, 2 pm Pier ?
Rival Wlllapa i Sep. 26, B pm Pier t
Corona «... Pan DieRO !S»P. 2J. 11 amIPler 11
J. S. KlmbliCape Nome... Pep. I.. 2 pm'.Pler 2
Arcata ....|CoesBsy Sep. 27, 12mPlfrl3
Eureka ....IHumboldt Sep. 27, 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ...ISeattle Sep. 27 |Pier 6
Willamette Sep. 2?. 4 pm:Pier 9
gan Juan.. New York i Sep. 28, 12 mjPMSS
City Puebla I Victoria j^ep- :s. 11 amlPler 9
Uonlta ....iNewport IPcp. 2S. 9amlPieni
St Paul.... !Cape Nome... iSpp. W, 2 pmi
Panta P.osalPan D'.pko lSep. SO, 11 am! Pier 11
Herodot IHamburK IP^P. 30. KTairi Pier 7
State of CaliPortlanrt Sep. SO, 11 arb Pier 24
Nerth ForklHumboldt !Sep. 30, 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena. .iPoint Arena. .'Oct. 1, 2 pm Pier 2
Xcwbursr ..'Grays HarborlOct. 1 '
r>el Norte.. 'Portland [Oct. 1,
Steamer.
From.
1 Due.
1 1 1
Barracouta ....lAcapulco ISep. 23
Bristol lOyster Harbor ISep. 25
Czarina [Seattle ISep. 2<i
J. S. Klmball.. Cape Nome Sep. 26
Homer Newport ?ep. 28
laqua Eureka Sep. :«
Willamette Seattle Sep. 28
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 28
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 28
Ncwburg ....... Grays Harbor Sep. 20
Ponlta ..'. Newport Sep. 20
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 23
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 21
Crescent City.. [Crescent City..... Sep. 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 27
Del Norte 'Portland Sep. 27
Mlneola 'Nanalmo Sep. 27
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 27
Kmpira Coos Bay Sep. 27
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 2S
Curacao Mexico Sep. 28
Panta Rosa Pan Diego Sep. 2S
Coptic China and Japan Sep. 29
Walla "Walla... I Victoria Sep. 29
Pro;?reso ITacoma Sep. 29
W. II. Kruger.-ITillamook Sep. 29
Fan Bias INew York Sep. 30
Coos Bay (Newport * Sep. 30
Tltania [Nanaimn Sep. 30
Sun rises 6:00
Pun sets 6:02
Moon Fetp 6:23 p. m.
0 Tlmel Time! Time Tirr.e|
* (Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. IFt.
? H Wl JL. W) H W L TVJ
25 ... 0:24 4.7 5:".-n 1.9 12:08 5.3 6:20 ~0/7
it ... 1:07 4.5 6:05 2.2 12:32 5.2 6:55 0.6
27 ... 1:58 4.3 6:.W 2.5 12:5S 6.2 ":« 0.5
28 ... 2:49 4.1 7:15 2.S 1:26 5.1 ?:30 0.6
29 ... 3:49 4.0 8:<Vl| 3.0 2:O(i 6.1 9:25 0.6
30 ... 4:53 3.9 9:0.1 3.2 2:5?! 4.9 10:26 0.6
1 ... 5:57| 4.1 10:27| 3.3 4:041 4.8 11:23 O.G
Sun rises 6:00
Pun sets 6:02
Moon Fetp 6:23 p. m.
0 Tlmel Time! Time Tirr.e|
* (Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. IFt.
? H Wl JL. W) H W L TVJ
25 ... 0:24 4.7 5:".-n 1.9 12:08 5.3 6:20 ~0/7
it ... 1:07 4.5 6:05 2.2 12:32 5.2 6:55 0.6
27 ... 1:58 4.3 6:.W 2.5 12:5S 6.2 ":« 0.5
28 ... 2:49 4.1 7:15 2.S 1:26 5.1 ?:30 0.6
29 ... 3:49 4.0 8:<Vl| 3.0 2:O(i 6.1 9:25 0.6
30 ... 4:53 3.9 9:0.1 3.2 2:5?! 4.9 10:26 0.6
1 ... 5:57| 4.1 10:27| 3.3 4:041 4.8 11:23 O.G
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Columbia .. Portland [Sep. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 25, 2 pm Pier ?
Rival Wlllapa i Sep. 26, B pm Pier t
Corona «... Pan DieRO !S»P. 2J. 11 amIPler 11
J. S. KlmbliCape Nome... Pep. I.. 2 pm'.Pler 2
Arcata ....|CoesBsy Sep. 27, 12mPlfrl3
Eureka ....IHumboldt Sep. 27, 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ...ISeattle Sep. 27 |Pier 6
Willamette Sep. 2?. 4 pm:Pier 9
gan Juan.. New York i Sep. 28, 12 mjPMSS
City Puebla I Victoria j^ep- :s. 11 amlPler 9
Uonlta ....iNewport IPcp. 2S. 9amlPieni
St Paul.... !Cape Nome... iSpp. W, 2 pmi
Panta P.osalPan D'.pko lSep. SO, 11 am! Pier 11
Herodot IHamburK IP^P. 30. KTairi Pier 7
State of CaliPortlanrt Sep. SO, 11 arb Pier 24
Nerth ForklHumboldt !Sep. 30, 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena. .iPoint Arena. .'Oct. 1, 2 pm Pier 2
Xcwbursr ..'Grays HarborlOct. 1 '
r>el Norte.. 'Portland [Oct. 1,
Steamer.
From.
1 Due.
1 1 1
Barracouta ....lAcapulco ISep. 23
Bristol lOyster Harbor ISep. 25
Czarina [Seattle ISep. 2<i
J. S. Klmball.. Cape Nome Sep. 26
Homer Newport ?ep. 28
laqua Eureka Sep. :«
Willamette Seattle Sep. 28
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 28
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 28
Ncwburg ....... Grays Harbor Sep. 20
Ponlta ..'. Newport Sep. 20
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 23
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 21
Crescent City.. [Crescent City..... Sep. 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 27
Del Norte 'Portland Sep. 27
Mlneola 'Nanalmo Sep. 27
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 27
Kmpira Coos Bay Sep. 27
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 2S
Curacao Mexico Sep. 28
Panta Rosa Pan Diego Sep. 2S
Coptic China and Japan Sep. 29
Walla "Walla... I Victoria Sep. 29
Pro;?reso ITacoma Sep. 29
W. II. Kruger.-ITillamook Sep. 29
Fan Bias INew York Sep. 30
Coos Bay (Newport * Sep. 30
Tltania [Nanaimn Sep. 30
RiS.
:t
Ballt at Built for
rhooner ..
rfcoor.er ..
f
€05 i
«R3 I
I North Bend !c. A. Hooper.
] Grays Harbor IS. E. Slade.
/ ¦- ii .fci 1 k M/.ir,f
rhocaT ..
•hooner ...
4.-3 i
... I
I Eureka A. Meyer.
I San Francisco |M. Turner.
.... ha
Sc
.... Sc
.... Ha
Pc
So
•irkenttne .
-hooner ..
arkectlne
?hrxKier ..
-hooner ..
13S2 !
663 i
' Glawrow A. P. Ix>rentren-
| Grays Harbor Wilson Brothers.
! Port lyjdlow Rcnton, Holmes 4 Co.
', Fan Francisco M. Turner.
! Hoquiam 'A- Meyer.
1 San Francisco iM. Sanders.
600 !
47S i
j North Bend iSirnpBon Lumber Co.
! Grays Harbor iE. K. Wood.
498 j
S12 i
I
j Tort Blakeley !HaIl Brrthers. -
i San Francisco !M. Banders.
I Hoquiam iE. K. Wood.
O2 !
4V) !
! Mat-FhHeid ISwayne & Hort.
I Aberdeen IS. E. glade. •
€21 !
6"1 I
r.78 I
! Fan Francisco iM. Sanders.
I Gra-j-B Harbor IE. K. Wood.
f Eureka :J- H. Bruce.
I Port Ludlow 'J. D. Spreckels.
bell'.
tt
ter...
rey..
ider..
ill....
A.'....
ra. ...
r
Q ( .l
... iia
s- 1
'Sc
.... r>a
.. Sc!
. . . . He!
!Ba
....', Sc
,...iSc!
.... Be!
.... Sd
So!
.... Sc
....Hcl
>sc:
.... PC
|0d
Sd
IScJ
'.'.'.! i2
Sc
....Ha
Sc
....isc
.'.".'! Sc
«c
..Hist
Ft-
St
:st
....ist
St.
.... 6t
Si
.... St
ISt
....'St
!Ft
ISt
1st
"...Ft
>et
¦hooner ..
jrkentine
•hooner ..
"hooner ..
-hoarier ..
irkentine
'hooner ..
horner ..
:hooner ..
arkentine
¦hooner ..
rhooner ..
¦hooncr ..
•hooner ..
¦hocner ..
r hooner ..
•hooner ..
•hooner ..
: hooner ..
-hooner ..
¦hocner ..
rhocner . .
'hoonT . .
¦hoc.ncr . .
are*
L'hoOtlT . .
rhooner ..
.hooner ..
jhooner ..
rhoonrc ..
teamer ...
iciaicr ...
t earner ...
tea m«r . . .
I'smcr ...
teamer . . .
•earner ...
t earner ...
t earner ...
Learner . . .
t carrier ...
teamex ...
t famfr ...
learner ...
teamer . . .
teamrr ...
(earner ...
teamer . . .
tearaer . . .
te?.mer ...
: earner ...
teainer ...
leaner ...
?^ i
SCO I
... I
as '¦
ra i
1CS0 j
s§
CSS
512
€43
*'.-'.
(¦:,?. I
647 i
K9|
<: 1
Vih !
SS5 I
cm !
€20 i
ess I
«l
Hi
4$1 i
49« !
456 f
467 j
C97 S
:.<¦> i
2ii :
2«s :
6% j
KM
cio !
£43 ¦
I
233 !
12W, !
tia j
137 !
*37 I
1S35 !
>ii ;
6T7 j
2CJ j
! Aberdeen IWilson Brothers.
| Dumbarton. England.jHind. Rolph & Co.
I Eureka .Charles Nelson.
' Fairhaven !J. H. Bruce.
i Maifhfleld |C. A. Hooper.
I Eureka ISudden & Chnstensen.
Grays Harbor ICharlea Nelson.
I Eureka ;Hlnd. RoJph & Co.
i Port Blakeley iHail Brothers.
! Marshfield icrharles Nelson.
Grays Harbor IHlnd, Kolph & Co.
Pan" Francisco iM. Panders.
Port Blakeley iF. P. & J. A. Hooper.
Port Blakeley.... (Hall Brothers.
I Grays Harbor !Hind. Kolph & Co.
iCooa Bay ;C. A. Hooper.
I Pert Blakeley 'Renton. Holmes & Co.
San Francisco IX. Sanders.
I Port Blakeler IHall Brothers.
| « rays Harbor g. E. Slade.
San Francisco Williams. Dlmond&Co.
I Eureka iHlcd. Rolph & Co.
' New \Vhatcon> ISwayne & Hoyt.
i Fureka. Charles Nelnon.
• Eureka llnion OH Company.
i CAdttle ...iSlmpson Liumber Co.
Eureka '. IMoCallam F. & T. Co.
! San Francisco iWilllam Olsen.
I Port Blakeley IHall Brothers.
I Port Blakeley IHail Brcthers.
' Aberdeen Beadle Brothers.
¦Fan Francisco (Williams. Dimond&Co.
! Grays Harbor jPcllard & Dodge.
i San Pedro C. P. Doe
1 San Francisco '.Robert Dollar.
FurP ;^ {Dolbeer & Careon.
i Everett " Klmball S. S. Co.
! Portland. Or |Ala5ka Packers' Ai«x
: Florence j A - ' w - Beadle.
'Coos Bay (Simpson Lumber Co.
i Gray* Harbor i Pollard & Dodge.
! Eureka :..!V. r . A. Mitchell.
¦Grays Harbor JPollard * Dodge.
• Grays Harbor jP.obert Dollar.
|Ean Francisco A. W. Beadle.
, Pan FracclMO.: J. R. Hanify.
! San Francisco jGoodall. Perkins & Co.
ICoos Bay A. W. Beadle.
| San Francisco iAlawka Commercial Co.
! Ban Francisco (J. It. Hanifjr.
! Aberdeen !J. R- Hanify.
! Fort Bragg iKimbaJl R. B. Co.
'• Hoqniam JTruckee Lumber Co.NETW- YORK, Sept. 24— FLOUR-Recelpts,
20,£o9 barrels; exports, 13.S00 barreli; sales, 7600
packajtes. Market held at old prices on ac
oaunt of the relative steadiness of Northwest
ern cash wheat; Minnesota patents. $4 2004 60
WHEAT— Receipts. 325,925 bushels: export*.
w\™ iff, li; sales., 3.9S0.OOO bushels futures,
120.000 bushels export*. Spot, easier; No. 2 red,
«'ac f. o. b. afloat and 62*4e elevator: No. 1
Northern Duluth. S7i©87%c f. o. b. afloat new;
l^o. 1 hard Duluth. S2Vic t. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady In sympathy with & sharp
:sorthwe»t advance, but quickly yielded to
E?im! re ? f unloading .nd broke lc a bushe.1
Additional factors of depression were liberal
increases In both American and English vl*
latiye »upport and a poor . export trade
finally rallied on covertafind ZuZrt itSR
All classes of stocks were quiet on different
exchanges, and prices showed no changes
worthy of note.
The Scorpion Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 3c.
"W -¦-¦¦'¦ ¦> " " _
ST^OCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Sept. 24-2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ank.i.' ' ' r«M »«k
4s quar coup..ll5»4116H 4s do cp (new)133U!3iii
4s do re S ......114HU5V4 3s do coup....l09HHoii
MISCELLANEOUS : BONDR
Ca'-st Cab M.118U — Oak Water 5s. — 103
C C Water 5S.106H107 Oceanic SS Ss.lOTU —
Ed L &¦ P. 63.130*4 — Om C Ry 6a...US*4 — '
* <!fe tIKy 6a.. — — H a »« « imn «».}••» . -.
M e % rJ i St « R ru 6S - ~ * P & CI R >* 6S - 10^ -
« o & s 5>4s. — — r «c;(j h it b».ii»
_ Do S«.. _ i«« Powell-st n 6«1X7 —
LA Ry Es.... — 10S Par-. I. ¦ O.<-7?S-.n»iH _-
LJV Lt Co 6s. — 103 SF & SJ\'Ss.l20 120%
-Do K ntd 6s.. - - . 8 R of Cal ta.UVi -
i a §?£»*;""*' iS 24 SPo ' A 6s--uiuiu%
L A I* it It Cs. — :C1 o r C oa lliKlai
NEW YORK, Sept. ?4.— The price of steel
rails was reduced to J26. a loss of $3, but pro
duced no material effect : In metal circles. ' as
there were sellers at even lower figures. In
Northern Iron a drop of DO points was re
corded, with the market weak. PiKlron war
rants continue dull at $3 37^S!10 37H. There
was an advance of £1 Es In London, due to
manipulation, which prompted a firm but Quiet
market here at J28 bid. '
Lead and epelter ruled dull and quiet at un
changed prices.
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts
23,000, including 4500 Westerns and 2300 Texans!
Generally steady to 10 cents higher. Natives]
BOO'l to prime steers, $5 40@5 90; poor to
medium. J4 60©5 35; selected feeders, steady
$3 90@4 60: mixed stockers. $2 75® 2 S5; cows'
choice, steady, J3 90@4 60; mixed Btockers, J2 73
©2 S5; cows, choice, steady, medium 10c lower
J2 8004 30; heifers, $3@5; canners, |2©2 70; bulls'
$2 70(g4 60; calves. J4 50@6 50. Texans. receipts'
2300. Best on sale to-day,! one carload at J4 20'
Texas fed steers, 14 35@5; Texas grass steers'
J3 50@4 25: Texas bulls. $2 50®3 50.
HOGS*-Receipts to-day, 39.0CO; to-morrow
16,000; estimated left over, 4500; mostly 10c
lower. Fair clearance. Top. $5 60; mixed
butchers, $5 10@5 55; good to choice heavy So 10
©5 50; rough heavy, J4 95@5 05; light, J3 20(55 60
bulk of sales, $5 20©5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 25,000. Five to 10 cents
lower. Lambs, steady to 10c lower. Good to
choice wethers, S3 80^4 15; fair to choice mixed
$3 50-33 85; Westerns, $3 90@4 10: Texas sheep'
$2 35@3 60; native lambs. J4 25@5 10; Western
lambs, 14 75Q5 05.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes — Morocco,
tl 30®2 20 per single crate; Tokays. 90c@$l 65;
clusters, $130<gl55; assorted, $125(5150 per sin
gle crate; Muscats, 90c@il 30. Pears— Bartletts,
E5c@J2 30 per box; Beurre Hardy, S0c per half
box. Ptaches — Sal ways, C0Q60c
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— Tokays,
$1 55@3 50 per double crates; 50c@Tl 60 per single
crate and clusters 70® U 75; Morocco, Jl 95®
2 35 per single crate; Muscats, 65c!jj$l 50: Em
peror, $125; assorted, 1185. Plums— Kelsey, $2 90
.per box; Coe's Late Red, 70c per single crate.
Peaches— Sal ways, 65ig70c.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day and realized the following
prices: Grapes — Tokays, single crates, 95c®
jl 85, average $1 34. Pears— Bartletts, boxes 70
@90c, average SOc; Nells, boxes, $1 40©2 15, aver
age $1 56. Peaches— Levl Cling, b.ixe8, ."ScSSl 10,
average 76c; , Salways, boxes, fjig75c. average
70c; George's Late, boxes, 65(g70c, average (fee;
McDevltt'8 Cllne, boxes, 65Ci70c, average 67.
Prunes — Italians, single crates, 60@90c, average
72c: Silver, single crates, 70c@$l, average S3c.
Eight cars sold to-day. Weather dry and fa
vorable.
Earl Fruit Co. sales California fruit: Grapes
—Tokays, 50c© Jl 40 single crates; clusters aver
age. $1 37; large, 70c@$l 15. Pears— Bartletts, $1
@2 SO per box: HT.cC'i Jl 10 half box; Idaho Pears
average, II 15. Peaches — Salways, 50070c per
box: Albertaa, average, 35c. Prunes— Italians,
45<fi75c. Fourteen cars fruit sold to-day "
LONDON. Sept. 24.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California frulf at auction to
day are as follows: Pears — De Cornice, two-fifth
boxes, $1 44^2 04; Beurre Hardy, two-fifth
boxes, ?0c@l 32; G. Morceau, two-fifth boxes
$1 32©1 44. Quinces— Boxes, average $1 20.
GLASGOW. Sept. 24.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's Bales of California fruit sold at auction
to-day are as follows: Pears— Beurre Hardy,
two-fifth boxes, $1 12(31 25; Ononda^o, two
fifth boxes, average $1. Plums— Golden Drop,
single crates. $1 12©1 25. Prunes— Sliver, single
crates, Jl 1231 25. .
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Sept. Dec.
Opening c 21i 6 5
Closing 6 2% 6 6
PARIS.
Wheat- Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 35 21 SO
Closing 20 10 2175
Flour-
Opening 26 05 27 95
Closing: 2G00 27 85
f«0"> Pennsylvania 125
1.400 Heading 15
10.225 Heading 1st prefd H^
:.400 ruading 2nd prefd 23V
*.lt;o Grande Western t3^
Rio Grande Western prefd 80
S,.'O0 St I^oui* and San Fran 9
309 St Lou!*> and San Kran let prefd.... C4
3f)0 S"t Louts and San Fran Ind prefd.... 31^4
2(0 Kt I»ui8 Southwestern 11
:.275 St Louie Southwestern prefd... 23^4
Jl.fiSO St Paul 1UV
l'C-0 Kt Paul prefd 178
Bt. Paul and Omaha 110
7.22J Southern Pacific SI
MX) Southern Hallway ...II
l.ZTl fiouthem Railway prefd 61%
WjO Texas and Pacific - - 14
J3.S30 Vnlon Pacific 64
:.S3Q Union Pacific prefd 71%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
*£¦*,?* «, , Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid
Z.:,r,0 Atchison 26v4
IS.lMi AtchiK-jn prefd $7»i
»,{£• Baltimore and Ohio "!!"!!! 66H
COS Canadian Pacific \\\\ 87
1. 4-0 Car.ada Southern ,. '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 4S
l.TVf CheFai>eake and Ohio 26
3.' 20 Chicago Great Western " \f)
lO.bS? Chicago. Burlington and Quincy 120>.i
4.0 Chicago. Ind and Louis 20U
Ctitcapo, ln<l and Louis prefd hi
<"r.ie:agn ar..l Kastern Illinois 96
100 Chicago ar.d* Northwestern.... m
2,:>! Chicago. Rock Island and Pacific "lO3 7 i
7M C C C ar.a St L^uis r , s^
:00 Colorado Southern '/ g
Colorado Southern 1« prefd..!!! 36
2"Q Cotof*£o Southern Ind prefd " 14
400 Delaware and Hudson 10714
Delaware. I-«rk and Western..!. 172
IVnver and H!o Grande.. " 177/
SCO Dearer and Rio Grande prerd!!!!!!!! 65
Erie jq,
Erie 1st prefd i{*
222 Great Northern prefd... " y-n
Hocking Coal ,, u
300 Hocking Valley £?^
tea Illinois Central "* «;»,
300 Iowa Central {-*
Iowa Central prefd ......' SS*
"40 i-.-.n- lirie and Western Ill"; 25
3tZ Lake Erie and Western Drefd v>»£
l>ek« Shorw -......".".'."""209
&.7W lx<ut»vllle and Nashville " 6SU
€.750 Manhattan L " gj
1.775 Metropolitan Street Railway. '..'.'.'.'.'.ut
2'if' Mexican Central ' jow
20u Minnc-arK>lii! and Pt Louis !!."
Minneapolis ana St Louis prefd " <hu
t,7£0 Mlwourl PaciHc J-2
Mobile and Ohio '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 22
Missouri. Kansas and Texas... " 9
l.r.O Missouri. Kansas and Texas preYd'" *>6
1.C50 New Jersey Central I2SU
:.O73 New York Central '.'.'.'.'.' uvl
fij Norfolk and We^terr. '.'.'.'.'.'. ;ii
;% Norfolk and Western prefd ...'. 74 '*
ll.lltO Northern I'acific !! 4^1-
ScKi Northern Pacific prerd ~ gjv
425 Ontario and Western \\[ jj
Oregon Ry and Navigation [ 42
Oregon Hy and Navigation prefd..!! 76
of the market on accour.t of a settlement tor
the conning year cf the schedule ol wages. The
•whole croup yielded to some extent, with the
later weakness- in the market. The rally In
the market was due in no small part to cover
ing demand Irom the shorts and to the absence
:run the board room of some cf the Influen
tial bear traders on account of the Jewish
IxJtdiy. The resumption of mining in some
of the coal rr.ir.es had another bracing effect
on the n-arket. and published stat«nents of
the reserves detracted somewhat from the un
ta^ir.eeE ovfr the effects of the strike, but there
was no radical change in the spirit of the spec
ulation an-1 the undertone of sentiment con
tinued d(-c!dedly apprehensive of the future of
the money market. The failure of a etock
exchange firm was unimportant in Itself, but
the exhaustion of customers' margins and their
failures to extend them, which was assigned
as the cause, attracted pome attention. It is
a matter of notoriety that many brokers have
demanded an extension of margins from their
customers and no small part of last week's
liquidation is attributed to this cause. In the
money market interest rates were not changed.
1'Ut ihe outgo to the interior continues on a
nv^ral scale. The growth of stringency In
the foreign markets, especially London and
Berlin, promises renewed pressure upon New
York !'>r e^-i. although the bills of commer
dj exchar.pe In the market to-day were suffi
ci*r.t to depress the Fterlir.ar rate a fraction.
The requirements of the tub- Treasury this week
on the regular Government revenue are prom
ised to be larger than last week, and added to
rr . exact ions u;x>n the money market.
The majority of Ujnds showed decline, but
there were a few advances. Total sales, $?75.Wi
United States old 4s and new 4s registered
de^!»-i»<l H i#r cent: &ew 4s coupon S,c and the
refunding 2s when Issued, the 3s and Es oer
ce:.i in the t id price.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— The market received
»iorr.e eupport from sundry causes at times to-
Cay and prices were at one time lifted to a
level quite substantially over that of Saturday
at «.r.y time. Weakness persisted In tome
:::•..;,.. stocks and the announcement of a
t-rr-a!l failure early In the afternoon put a
stop to the advancing tendency of prices so
that the closing was h*a.vy and dull with only
a Jew net cmlna remaining. The special points
of we&kntrbs were People's Gas and Brooklyn
Tra.r.s>it, the former dropping below S3 before
tfae cl^se and later touching H, the low prices
la the recent movement. The late weakness
had a. sympathetic en«?ci among the special
ties, Tobaco. Sugar and the New York public
utilities being notably affected. The ttee!
stock* were ironjner.t In the early strength
Xczi York Stock Market.
! Articles — Open. High. Low Close.
I Wheat No. 2—
I September 1S% 7S»4 77% 7S%
i October 79>4 79»,i 77?; 7SV*
] November 7S"4 ~9\» 7SV4 79
Corn No. 2 —
i September 40% 41H 40% 41V4
! October S9i,4, 33% SS?i S8H
j November S6T4 37 3G% 36%
| Oats Xo. 2—
I September 21 s ; 22 21»i 22
: Octcber 22\i 22'4 22^ 22Vi
November 22H 22% 22Vj 22"fc
Miss Pork, per bbl—
j October 12 15 12 15 1195 1105
i January 1140 1155 11 37% 11 47»,4
I Lard, scr 100 lbs—
• October 6 97^4 7 10 6 97^4' 7 05
! November 6 95 7 07*4 6 95 7O2V
{January 6 70 6 80 6 70 6 72WJ
i Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
; September 7 72 7 70 7 70 7 70
] October 7 43 7 S2H 7 42U 7 45
i January 6 07^ 6 15 f 07^ 6 10
Caeh quotations were as follows:
Flour, easy. No. 3 Ft»rlng wheat, 72H@78Uc;
No. 2 red. 7S\ic; No. 2 corn, 41 1 ,4©41%c; No. 2
yellow. 41U@4H4c: No. 2 oats, 22^£22%c; No. 2
white, 25>4iir2C^; No. 3 white, 21@25c; No. 2 rye,
62 1 -s??53c: good feeding barley, 3S@39Vsc: fair to
choice malting. 633570: No. 1 fiaxseed, Jl 54; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 54; prime timothy seed. $4 30
j ©4 50; mess pork, per bbl, $12@12 10; lard, per
j 100 lbs. $7 OZMIff! 05; short ribs, sides, loose, $7 CO
j (9)7 So; dry salted shoulders, boxed. WiQ^c;
; short clear sides, boxed, $S la<gS 20; sugars, cut
j loaf, unchanged. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.000 17.C00
Wheat, bu&hels 395.000 4SS 000
Corn, bushels 411,000 1,007 000
Oats bushels 26S.00O 431.C00
Rye. bufhels 5,000
! Bar'.ey, bushels S2.000 12.000
I On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creamery, 13®21V.c; dairy.
I 13'rfl$c. Cheese, firm; 10*4®U«ic. Eggs, firm;
j fresh, lCVjc.
Butter opened the week with another advance,
Butter, Cheese end Eggs.
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys. ll©12c for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Young Turkeys," I5@i6c;
Geese, per pair, $1 2501 60: Goslings, $1 50©l 75;
L>ucks, $3®4 for old and $3 5004 50 for young:
Hens, $3 50(f?5; Young Roosters. $4@4 50; Old,
Roosters. $3 D0@4; Fryers, $3@3 50; Broilers
$3@3 25 for large and $2 5003 for small; Pigeons.
$101 25 per dozen for' old and $1 75&2 ¦ f or
bquabs. ., ,
GAME— English Snipe, $2@2 50; Jack Snipe, $1
©1 60; Doves, 35@50c per dozen; Cottontail Rab
bits, ll<3l 25 ; Brush Rabbits, $1 : Hare, 75cg«l •
Grouse. $S®9; Sage Hens, $1 50Q2; Mountain
Quail. $2 EO03 50 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Two cara Eastern came In.
Game Is quiet and still ' shows the effects of
hot weather.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75ciU$l rwr «.-i C k
and 75c@$l 25 per crate; Green Peas, lV4©2c per
lb; String Beans. l<S2%c; Llmas, lH@2c ptr lb;
Cabbace, 40®50c; Tomatoes, Bay. 35<3!60c; Egg
Plant, SSQ'IOc per box; Green Okra, 25@40c-
Green Peppers, 2S@40c per box for Chili and 30
?Mc for Hell; Dried 'Peppers. *lO@15c: Carrots.
26@3oc per sack; Summer Squash, 25@40c for
Alatneda: Cucumbers, 25fft40c for Alameda'
Pickles, $1©1 25 per ctl for No.-l and 50#75e
for No. 2; Garlic. 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash
$74X10 per ton. . ...
POTATOES— Early Rose, 37H@40c; Burbanks,
40S6DC for Rivers and 1 75c<31 05 per ctl for Sa
linas: Sweets. 75c@$l for Illvers and $1 25@1 35
for Merced.
ONIONS- 5C<27.1c per ctl; Pickle Onions. S3
@«Cc.
There Is not much change In anything. To
matoes continue firm under decreasing sup
plies. All other Vegetables are plentiful.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. 3li@4c: Yellow
Mustard. 4%!g5c; Flax. $2@2 50; Canary. 3ftc
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape. 2HS3c; Hemp, 4$jf4'/4c;
Timothy. 4©4Vc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25®1 75; Green. $1 SO
@2 05 per ctl; Blackeye. *1 60.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 C0JJ2 75; Small White $3 '.0
©3 T5: Large White, $2 50<@2 63: Pink. $2 50@
2 65: Red. $3©3 25: Blackeye, $2 60@2 75; Lima,
$5 15@5 25; Pea, $3 7o@4; Red Kidneys, $3 £5©
3 60. ,
Beans show some changes. The approach
of the new crop keeps the market more >:.r
less unsettled, though there is a fair Inquiry.'
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer, 4 B0(f?7; Wheat. $10012 50-
Wheat and Oat. $10@12; Oat, $8 50@10 50;
Clover, $4#6; Alfalfa, $G<£ 7 50; Barley, $7@9 per
ton.
STRAW— 30©37%c per bale..
MIDDLINGS— $13(521 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1&S17 50 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing
$27 CO02S; Cocoanut Cake, $20^21; Corn Meal
$2C®27; Cracked Corn. $28 50@27 50; Mixed Feed",
J1S 50«14.
Now that the summer rush of shipments Is
about over Hay Is working around firmer and
an advance of BOo In grain descriptions la
reoorted. Volunteer remains dull and un-
Bran and Middlings are also firm.
BRAN — $15(i?16 BO per ton.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 600
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 iOQZ 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15®3 SO for bakers' ; Eastern.
ii "h'Ub 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are aa fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. 12 00; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 50<!?3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25-
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina,' $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6©
7 25; In sacks. $5 7507: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White. J115!giaO; Surprise. $1 35@1 40: Red.
$1 I6<gl 20; Gray, $1 1001 20; Black, for feed
$1 l<vgi 13: for seed, $1 ln@l 20 per ctl.
CORN — There is not enough here to quote
RYE— S7Vi&yOc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Pension— No rales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 74Uc
OATS— Offerings continue In excess of the
Inquiry and the market Is dull.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 70@72V4c for No. 1 and €5J?*>7'4c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 77H'tf
82Hc; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
ctla. $1 0S?i.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and un
chaneed.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Chicago opened quiet and easy and large
world's shipments and slow cables caused sell
ing. Any Advaclng tendency was checked by
heavy Russian and Danubian shipments. The
visible supply Increased 1,060,000 bushels. Later
on the market became firmer on a re\-ived
shipping demand and a few lots were worked
at stiff prices. The weather In. the Northwest
continued unfavorable, and It was raining
from the Gulf of Mexico to Hudson Bay. Con
tinued rain, turning to snow, was predicted
for the Dakotaa and It was already snowins
In Utah.
Local futures were dull and weaker, but
shipping quotations remained as before.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, *105aiObV»; Milling,
ti iotfi UK.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were dull and
easv. but not materially lower. New York
declined.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S4«£
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ 51
CHICAGO, Sept 24.— Under the Influence of
rains In thei northwest 'October wheat opened
a shade off to %@%c higher at 7S%@79V4. The
steadiness was for a moment only, however,
as the statistics were beariBh and Liverpool
Indifferent to Saturday's advance here. World"u
shipments were 6.959.000 bushels. On ocean,
passage the amount showed an Increase of 2,
310,000 bushels. Plenty of long wheat came out,
eome of it foreign stuff and October dropped
to 78c. The market steadied for a time on
the clearances which. In wheat and flour,
amounted to 746,000 bushels, but heavy primary
receipts and an Increase in the visible supply
of 1,056,000 bushels turned the scales again and
October dropped to 77%c. On profit taking by
shorts the market rallied to 7S%c. but the
close was weak, October %tf%c lower at 7SV4c.
Corn was dull but firm. October closed %c up.
Oats were firm, but Inactive. October closed
a shade lower. Provisions opened quiet and
easier, but on light offerings advanced. Pork
eased off asaln, but lard and ribs held steady.
October pork closed 10c lower; October lard
6c higher and October ribs 2^c higher.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 24. VSKh-l p. ra.
The following maximum temperatures were
rrcrtel from stations In California to-day:
Eureka S! Los Angeles 70
Mount Tarr.alpals 59 racramento 78
Independence 76 ?an Luis Obispo 64
tle& BlufT 82 ?an Diego 6S
Fresno Z2.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
<t; miulmazn. 55; mean. CO.
WEATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th* pressure Is highest over Washington and
I -A.-t-t over the jlauau reglGn. It has risen
!:.;>. iiy over the Pacific tSope during the day.
Tbe teini*?rature has fallen over the t-an
J Valley. Nevada. Utah and Arizona.
Tie terri-eniVdrcs are trcm 16 to 20 degree*
Irfii w tte normal ever the jilateau region.
Ti.e weather i£ dear in.Cainornia and South
¦ iMIMH ' 'n con. Elsewhere It is generally
• iuu if and tnreater.irx. L'.gHt rain has fallen
::: :?!? eastern portions of Washington and
'jrejrri, Nevada, Utah and Arizona.
• ::i.v;cn» are favorable for fair weather in
1 :.;:?::. :a Tuefiay.
P. recut r.aiie at Kan Francisco for thirty
h. urs er.dins midnight September 25. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light
west »;nd.
Nevada — Showers Tuesday; cooler.
L'tah— Showers Tuesday.
Arizona— Showers; coder Tuesday.
ifan Frar.clsco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
l.cl.t northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
o:Xh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Tbo London Grocers' Gazette of September
S says: "The position of all description* cf
Falnion la very Btronj. and business has again
¦ «n done at iivmoed rates. The ohortag*
:n the peck on tfce Pacific Coast will. It is
rrp-rrted, amount to 800.000 cases, and this,
it i« ara.icipn.ted. will mean a shortage of
from 4U0.O00 to £00.000 cases to this country.
The present depleted Btocks will probably be
exhausted by vhe end of the year, and the
new season's fish will therefore. It Is expect
ed arrive on a I are market. The demand
for California fruJis continue* eluggish. but
]>ric«s. except for aprlcotf. remain firm, and
¦»i:i. It Is anticipated, advance in view of
the fact Uiat canr.ere generally rer«rt a 6hort
;«.ck."
Fruit and Salmon in England.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— To-day* ¦ j state
ment of the Treatury shows: Available cash
balance, *124, 192,280; gold reserve, $76,304,712.
LONDON. Sept. 24.— Atchison. 274; Canadian
Pacific. E»H: Union Pacific preferred, 73«4;
Northern Pacific preferred, • 70% ; Grand Trunk*
f>\: Anaconda. EH: bar silver. 28 15-lCd per
ounce; money. 3^4 per cent.
CLOSING.
Tlntog were weak on a slight falling In cop
per. Money was strong. The bank lost £S03 -
000 gold in German coin and received £158,000
from Australia.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser" s London financial cablegram says: The
markets here continued dull and featureless to
day, shipments of gold to the Continent having
a depressing effect. Americans, after a weak
opening, rallied on a report that the coal
strike had been settled. No confirmation of
this being received and New York offering no
cupport, prices weakened and closed only a
little above the worst.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— Money on call firmer.
1?4®2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 414©
5">4 per cent. Sterling exchange, heavy, with
actual business In bankers' , bills at $4 Sfivi©
4 86% for demand, and at $4 ?Zfi 4 83% for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 84@4 S8; commercial bills.
J4 &2\i©4 £2=4. Silver certificate*. 62?i@63*ic:
bar silver, 62%c; Mexican dollars. 49Hc. Gox
erament bonds weak: State bonds Inactive;
railroad bonds Irregular.
New York Money Market.
100 Wabash 6%
720 Wabash prefd 16
S20 Wheeling and Lake Erie 8
£00 Wheeling and Lake Erie 2nd prefd.. 21%
100 Wisconsin Central 11
125 Third Avenue 10S4
Express Companies—
210 Adamn 125
American 150
United States 45
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 30
American Cotton Oil prefd 88
100 American Malting 4V1
American Malting prefd 20
712 American Smelting & Refining 35%
American Smelting & R prefd 87
American Spirits l l s
American Spirits prefd 17
1.4C5 American Steel Hoop 18
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 65
7.530 American Steel & Wire 23H
2,250 American Steel & Wire prefd 70
1.110 American Tin Plate 24%
100 American Tin Plate prefd 77
8.254 American Tobacco 86H
American Tobacco prefd 125
760 Anaconda Mining Co 41%
43.SS0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 48
2,010 Colorado Fuel & Iron 29H
1.815 Continental Tobacco 23T»
500 Continental Tobacco prefd -75Vi
5.172 Federal Steel 30>,
1,403 Federal Steel prefd 63
465 General Electric 134
100 Glucose Sugar 48^4
Glucose Sugar prefd 9S
1.116 International Par.er 16H
1,555 International Paper prefd 60^
403 Laclede Gas €3
800 National Biscuit 31
Xatior.al Biscuit prefd 83
300 National Lead 17
National L*ad rrefd S3
l.r.SO« National Steel 23*i
l<>0 National Steel rrefd S2Vj
320 New York Air Brake 115
100 North American 14'4
Pacific Coast 52Vfe
Pacific Coast 1st prefd SO
100 Pacific Coast 2d rirefd 62H
1.D30 Pacific Mail 27H
48,n;o People's Gas 83
200 Pressed Steel Car 33
Pressed Steel Car prefd 70*4
120 Pullman Palace Car 1S2
1.000 Standard Rope & T-wine i%
26.DS5 Sugar 113^4
190 Sugar prefd m%
10,450 T«=nn Coal & Iron 53^
2,433 United States Leather 9%d
304 United States Leather prefd 65*4
United Slates Rubber 27>>i
210 United States Rubber prefd 90H
229 Western Union 77%
833 Republic 'Iron & Steel Co 10^4
150 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 51Vi
P C C & St Louis : DO
363,400 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
C S 2s refdg when I Eto 4s 90 ¦
issued reg 103*4 N Y Cent lsts 10S\4
Do coup 104^:!C J Cent ren 5s... .122*4
Do 3s reg :03^» j Vorthern Pac 3s... 64*i
Do 3s coup 109V Do ?» 103»i
Do new 4s reg 133>4 N* Y C & St|L 4b. .107'
Do new 4s coup.,133»i N* & W con 4s 9S
Do old 4s reg U4V4 Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup. ..Hoi** Do 4s 102
Do 5s reg 113^ Or Short Line 6s... 127
Do Is coup 113V« i Do con 5s 113
Dis of Col 2.65s. ...122 Reading Gen 4s.... SS
Atchison gen 4»....100^ R G W lsts 99Vi
Do adj 4e 85 51 L 4 I M con 5s.ll2V4
Canada Sou 2ds lGS^i'S L & S F Gen 6s. .123
Ches & Ohio 4^s.. SSVi?t Paul con 16S
Do 5s 19 St P C & P lsts. ...1174
C & N con 7s 1394| Do 5s 119Vi
Do S F Deb 5s. ...120*4 -Southern Pac 4s.... 77%
Chic Term 4s 92 'Southern Ry Ss 108H
Colorado Sou 4s 79H Stand R & T 6s.... 66:4
D & R G lsts 103% lex & Pac lsts lllVi
Do 4s 9SV Do 2ds 68
Erie Gen 4s 66 [Union Pac 4s 104%
F W & D C l»t»... 72 Wabash lsts 117
General Elec 5s 112 Do 2ds 100
towa Cent Uts 113 West Shore 4S......112H
L & N Uni 4s...... 9SH Wis Cent lsts tb% j
M K & T 2d» 64 iVa Centuries 89%
MINING STOCKS. :
Chol'.ar 17. Ontario 5 75
Crown Point 10, Ophir 59
Con Cal & Va 1 05 Plymouth OS
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 159 i
Gould & Curry 30; do preferred 7 00
Hale & Norcross.. 18 Sierra Nevada ... S3 !
Homestake 50, Standard 4 00 j
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 17
Mexican 25;Yellow Jacket .... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |West End 82
Call Loans 2HS3: Wisconsin Cent ..11
Time loans <S-Mi Bonds —
Stocks— i Atchison 4s 99
A T & S F 26 IN E Gas & Coke 5s 53
K T &. S F prefd... 67H ! Mining Shares—
Km Sugar 113H: Adventure 4
Am Sugar prefd.. .114 ! Allouez Mining Co. 1%
Bell Telephone 13S Amal Copper 85 !
Boston Elevated ..148 Atlantic 22Vt I
Boston & Maine... 187»4 1 Boston & Mont.. .306 ]
C B & Q 120»i|Butte & Boeton 60
Dominion Coal 38 j Calumet & Hecla..73S !
Domin Coal prefd. 110 Centennial 13%
Federal Steel 30*i|Franklln 13 I
Federal Steel prefd 63 | Humboldt 25
Fitchburg prefd 133 Osceola 64
General Electric... 134 l ,i Parrot 39-,4 1
Genl Elec prefd... 139 Qulncy 140
Ed Elec 111 210 Banta Fe Copper... 4
Mexican Central .. 10 Tamarack 229
Mirh Telephone 85 Utah Mining 28
N E Gas & Coke.. 10 Wlnona 2H
Old Dominion 16 Wolverine* 29
Union Pacific 53%
Arata & Guinasso (owners) wtthr O. Masso
letti & Son (contractors), architect B. J. Clinch
— All work for a two-story brick structure on
NE corner of Pacific street and Ohio place E
40 by N 60; $34:2.
Builders' Contracts.
San Frar.clsco Savings Union to 3. S. Myer».
lot on E line of Cella Vista avenue. 131.63 X
of East Twenty-eighth street, NE on a cure
to the right with a raJiua of 155 feet alon?
Bella Vista avenue 81:6T thence E 133. SW 73:3,
W 155, to beginning, portion lots 7 and 8. block
B. map of Bella Vista Park. East Oakland:
A. \Y. and Irving M. Martin to Albert Brown,
lot on N line of Thirteenth street, 53 E of Jef
ferson. E 42 by N 100, block 133. quitclaim deed,
Oakland; $10.
Lottie E. and I. E. Rose to George H. Lu<3
lnghouse, lots 5 and C, block 10, map of •
Alameda Tract. Erooklyn Township, quitclaim
deed: 51.
B. W. F. and Belle W. M. Johnson to Wil
liam Xicol. lot 2. block G, on new map of Lyr.a
Homestead. East Oakland; $5.
Olive J. and L. M. McKenney to Henry M.
McKenr.ey, lot 11 and 28 feet of lot 12, de
scribed as follows: Beginning at the Intersec
tion of lots 10 and 11. block B. on map of lands
Oakland View Association witli Oakland ave
nue, thence E 9S, S 87. W 92. N 87. to begin
ning 1 , belns portion block II of above tract,
Oakland; »10.
and Linden street, E 37:3 by S 100, Oakland;
$10,000.
'Silver a fraction higlier..
Wheat and Barley continue dull.
Other cereals quid at previous quotations.
II ay advanced 50c. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans show more or less change. Seeds motionless.
Tomatoes doing better. Other Vegetables unchanged.
Butter and Eggs a fraction higher under lighter supplies.
Fresh Fruits in ample supply and unchanged.
Prices for new Raisins considerably higher than last year.
Previsions dull at unchanged quotations.
No further variation in Meats.
A fairly active sales movement developed for
evaporated apples with a steadier undertone
prevalent on favorable country advices and a
good Inquiry. Prices, however, were unchanged
but tending upward at the close. State com
mon was quoted from 3ig5c; prime, 4»»@5Uc;
choice, 5^4®6c; fancy. 6@GHc California dried
fruits were dull but steady at unchanged
pricea.
PRUNES-J«£@7%c per pound, aa to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@14c: Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@lSc; unpeeled, 6g'9c.
DRIED FRUIT.
WOOL- Bull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. barely steady; No. 7 In
voice, 8%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9y«@14c. Fu
tures closed 5010 points lower: total sales, 34.
000 bag&, including September, $G S506 90: Oc
tober. $6 90®« 95; November. $7 OS; December,
$7 10; March. $7 30@7 35; May. 57 40@7 45; July,
$1 50.
SUGAR-Raw. firm; refining, 4^c; centrifu
gal, 96 test, 6c; molasses sugar. 4c; refined,
firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 7752 packages; firm;
creamery, le^igzsc; June creamery, lS&^l&c;
factory. 14gl5c.
EGGS— Receipts, 806S packages: steady: West
ern regular packing at mark, 32V4@lSc; West
ern, loss off, 20c . 3~
J4@tfc net decline: March. S7%igSSe. closed at
S<%c: May. 86%©S7%c, closed at S7c: Septem
ber. S2 15-16c. clrsed at S2%c; October. 82ViC
83c. closed at 82Hc; December, S4%©85 15-16c,
closed at 845ic.
HOPS-Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
FOR MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 14.
Flour, qr sks 37.070IStraw, tons 84
Wheat, ctls 4,895|Hay, tons 830
Barley, ctls 5,630lHops. bales 241
Oats, ctls 2.360| Wool, bales .. 134
Tallow, ctls 21SjHldes. bdl» 220
Cheese, ctls 75' Pelts, bdls 214
Butter, ctls 14G Lime, bbls 5S7
Corn, ctls 995 Sugar, bbls 7150
Beans, sks 2,304 Sugar, ctls 3*600
Potatoes, sks 8,333 Chickory. kegs .. *o
Onions, sks 1.475 Eggs, doz 6 710
Bran, sks .... 735 Wine, gals 90 S00
Middlings, sks 543 Leather, rolls .... S7
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... .954"" ., L ;
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sutrar T*»ftnlng r-orn
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags-
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed
7.(;5c; Powdered. 6.65c: Candy Granulnted
(5.65c; Dry Granulated, 6.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.55c; Magnolia A, 6.15c: Extra
C, 6.0uc; Golden C, 6.95c; barrels, 10c more; hali
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; M-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75 bar
rels or its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels
7.30c: boxes. 7.55c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld Wel
llr.rton. $9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7: Coos Bay
$5 CO; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Wallsend. $9 :
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel
512 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton in bulk and $1S In
Backs; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 43 per
1000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand. '
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $3 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5%c; Wool Bags. 2SV45J32Hc; Fleece
Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bags. 6}4@63ic for white and
SttGS-Hc for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%®B%c for small. 5^
5%c for medium and 5i4®5%c for large; stuck
Hogs and feeders, 6@5V4c; dressed Hogs, 71,
@8%c.
Previous prices are quoted for all descriptions.
BEEF— 5@Sc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 76~8c; small, 8®9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; ewes. 7c per lb
LAMB— 8$?S%e per lb.
San Francisco' Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salted
Ste-rs. S@SHc: medium. SHc: light, 8c: Cow
hides, Sc; Stags. Sc: Salted Kip, 15c; Dry Calf,
ISc; culls and brands, 12c: Sheepskins. Shear
lings. 20@3Oc each: short Wool. 30050c each:
medium. 60@80c: long Wool. 90c@$l 10 each:
Horse Hides, salt. $2®2 25 for large. $1 73 for
medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 50 for Iarse. $1 25 for medium, $1
for small and 2".@50c ror colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium
skins, 20c:. winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins
—Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. Me;
medium, 25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4£4%c per lb; No.
2, 3«f3Hc; grease, 2@2V4c,
WOOL— Spring dip in quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15©16c: Northern, defective 123
14c; Middle County, free. 14#16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12Q'14c; Southern Mountain 12
months'. 9<R10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. Iltfrl2c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 9(ffllc: Humboldt and Mendocino, 16
©17c: Nevada. 13016c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. JSMiQ8c: do Lambs', 8
©9c; Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— New. 10@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces fjuoted at 7c Der lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9%c- 10-lh tlnF. 10c; 5-lb tins, 10V4c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. S^c; three
half-barrels. SHc; one tierce, 8Hc; two tierces.
8Vic: five tierces. $%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED M EATS— Bacon. lie per lb for
heavy. H'/4c for light medium. 13c for light. 13Hc
for extra light and 15Uc for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12Hc: Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13: Family. $14: extra Prime
Poik. $1R 50; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 60-
Smoked Beef. 12%®13c per lb.
Dullness still rules and quotations show no
further change".
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 25c per lb; Walnuts, No. 1
doftshell. 10c: No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 9>4c;
No. 2, 7V4c: Almonds, 12<g i 13V4c for paper shell.
9H®10c for Eastern and 5@6c for California-
Brazil Nuts. ll-smVic; Filberts. 12@13c; Pecans
llf?13c; Cocoanuts, $3 5Q@5.
HONEY— (Vmb. n^igWHc for bright and 12V4
<ff\Zc for light amber: water whltr. extracted.
7%.<i?Sc; light amber extracted. 7©7Hc; dark. 6
©flUc per lb.
BEESWAX-24g26c per lb.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c.
40-BOs 7c: 5O-6Os. 614c: 60-70f. 3%c: 7O-8Os. 3%e;
SO-SOs. 1\c; 90-lOOs, 2%c: 100s and over. 2c:
rubies, %c prem'.um; Sonotnan, He and San
Joaquirs Uc less than Fanta Claras, except 100s
and over, which Ftand the same. Apricots. 6i38c
for Royals and lOigllHc for Moorparks: Evap
crated Apples. 5@Sc: nun-drled, 3@4c; Peaches,
EflSVic for standard. 6f?fit*c for choice and 70Sc
for fancy; Pears. 30"7c; Plums, pitted, 6@5c;
unpitted. lffmc; Nectarines, 5@5%c for red and
5V^tf5*> for white.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy,
12c per lb: choice, lie: standard, 8%ic: prime,
8c: unbleached, Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sul
tanas — Fancy. lOHc per tt>: choice. 9»4c; stand
ard. 8%c; prime, 8c: Unbleached Sultanas, So;
Seedless. OO-tb boxes, 6Vi>c: 2-crown '.oose Mus
catels. 6e; 3-crown, 6V4c; 4 -crown. 7c: London
Layers. 2-crown, $1 fi0 per box; 3-crown. $1 60:
Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3.
All prices f. o. b. at common ehipplng- points
in California.'
The prices for new crop Raisins, as announced
In Sunday's Call, and shown below, are con
siderably higher than those for last year. The
crop is also less, and a good demand Is ex
pected.
The Prune Association reports a good busi
ness, fully up to the average at this time of the
year, and there is no danger that prices will
not be maintained.
stocks being light and the demand good. Some
dealers quoted even higher than the top quota
tion below.
There Is n* change In Cheese.
Eggs are also quoted a fraction higher, and
spot supplies are light, though there Is no sear
city. Buyers are running largely on Eastern,
which are moving- briskly.
HUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 27%@2Sc; Sec
onds. 26%ff?27c.
Dairy — Fancy,' 25c; good to choice, 22H@24c;
common, 20@22c.
Creamery tub— 20(322%c per 1b.
Pickled roll-19<221c.
Firkin— lS@19c.
CHEESE— New. 9®10c: old. 8®SUe: Toung
America, 10®10%c; Eastern. 13%@14c; Western.
l(W7.12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20@24c for store and 30@33c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lS@22%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Watermelons are weaker now that the ex
treme hot weather is over, and other melons are
also easier.
Pears and Peaches are In sufficient supply and
not materially changed. Very few Plums are
seen now. Green Quinces are cheap and hard
to move.
The demand for Grapes about balances the
Bupply and prices Fhow little change.
prcOIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25©50c per box for common and
60c(551 f"r coort to choice.
PEARS— Bartlett, $1@1 35 per box; other va
rieties, 3o<f? 65c , per box.
QUINCF.S— 2^400 per box.
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsin. $8 per bbl; Coo»
B»v. $2 50 ppr box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4"ff6 per chest for large
and $5@C for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $4 50@6 per chest.
PERSIMMONS— 75c per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 4ffl6c Der lb.
POMEGRANATES — «0®65c per small box.
PLUMS— 25® 50c per box and 50@fcc per crate.
PEACHES— 3J(565c oer box.
GRAPES— Muscat. 40<ff60c per crate: black. 30
<g60c; Tokay. 50065c; Isabella. 50®65c; Cornl
chon, 65c; Wine Grapes, $18®20 for white and
?20(?T26 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 25@50c per case; Canta
loupes. 50cJ?$l per crate: Watermelons, $S'2>18.
with extra larce at $20@25 per 100.
CITRUS FHtllTS-Se^illne ¦Omnirr'S, Sl@l 50;
Valenclas, $3®4; Lemons, $1 50®2 50 for com
mon and ?3@3 50 for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes, $5@5 50; Bananas, $1 E0@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 50 per dozen.-
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Fanny L. Stanley (by H. S. Martin, former
Sheriff) to D. L. Westover. lot on W line of
Eighteenth avenue, 79:6 N of Q street N 328.
W 78:6. S 327:6, E S6:3; also lot on W line of
Seventeenth avenue, 209:1 S of P street, S 327 > 11.
W 240:4, N 323. E 210:4; also lot on E line of
Seventeenth avenue, 212:10 S of P street. S
327:10, E 1S3:2, N 327:6. W 200:11; »353.
Angus J. Kemp to Solomon Gets, lot on 3
line of W street. S2:6 E of Fortieth avenue.
E SO by S 100; S10.
John D. and Clara S. Moreland to McCarthy
Company (corporation), lot 8, block 4S, Sunny
side; $10.
The McCarthy Company (corporation) to Al
fred and Mary A. Thur. same; $10.
Samuel and Willlamette Nicholls to George
Coffey, lot on N line of Sutter street. 110 E of
Pierce, E 27:6 by N 100; 110,
Herman Stettin to Minna Stettin, lot on W
line of Cole street, 87:6 N of Carl. N 62:6 by W
100:7^4; gift.
Frances M. Thompson to Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society, lot on E line of Mission
street, 250 N of Seventeenth, N 23 by E 106;
also lot on N line of Twenty-sixth street 115 B
«)f Shotwell, E 25 by N 105; also lot on E line
of Howard street, 65 N of Twenty-fourth, N 60,
E 122:6. S 30. W 30, S 30, W 92:6; also lot on
NE corner of Howard and Twenty-fourth
streets, N 35 by E 92:6; $10.
Anna G. Dunne (widow) to NornAn F.
Dunne, lot on E line of Guerrero street, 35 S
of Nineteenth. S 25 by E 90; gift.
Ellen Lynch to San Francisco Brick Com
pany, lot beginning 260 N of Seventeenth
street and 102 E of Douglass, E 25, N 122:5*4.
NW 29:4, S 130:7^; also lot beginning 260 N of
Seventeenth street and 127 E cf Douglass, B 25.
N 111:3. NW 29:4. S 122:iU: $10.
F. A. and Priscllla Berlin to Mary E.
Latham, all interest In following: Lot on N
line of Chestnut street. 154:9 E of Dupont, E
40 by N 137:6; lot on NW corner of Montgomery
and Greenwich. N 32:6, W 40:6, N SO. W 12. S
62:6 E 62:6; lot on W line of Montgomery
street 112:6 N of Filbert. N 23 by W 87:8: lot
on N' line of Filbert street. Ill W of Mont
gomery, W 26:6 by N 137:6; lot on S line of Alta
street 137:6 E of Montgomery, also 120 N of
Union street. E 25 by S 50; lot on S line of Alta
street, 2CS:5Vi E of Montgomery, E 22:2H by 3
W; lot on SW corner of Union and Calhoun
utreets, W 68:9 by S 68:9; lot on N line of Green
street, 91:8 E of Montgomery. E 22:11 by N C3:9;
lots 15 and 16. block E. Lakevlew: $2500.
Marie Pater (widow) to Julie Pat© (single),
lot on W line of Tay street, 93:6 S of Clay, S
21 by W 56: gift.
Isabella Beat to Charles F. and Emma J.
Mead, lot on W line of Leavenworth street.
137:6 N of Sacramento, N 17:6 by "W 94:6 $10.
James D. Phelan to Estate of I. G. Wicker
sham, lot on N corner of Third and South
Park streets. NW 137:6 by NE 76; quitclaim
deed; $— — .
Mary A. Merrill and Mabel Green to John
Breuncr Company (corporation), lot on SE line
of Stevenson street, 1*6:6 NE of Sixth. NE 50
by SE 70; $3500.
Estate of Alice Monissey (by Richard Pur
cell, administrator) to Leonard B. Waller lot
on SE line of Tehama street, 425 SW of Fifth
SW 37:6 by SE SO; $3S00.
Martha Jones to Conrad H. Gremmler, lot on
SE line of Clementina street. 100 NE of Eighth
NE 25 by SE 75: $10. S '
Gustave H. Umbsen (by attorney) and Mar
ram Thou to James Noonan. lot on SW line
of Folsoro avenuo, 250 SE of Folsom street.
SE 23 by SW 62:6: $10. "ireei.
William A. and Elizabeth Hicks to McCarthy
Company (corporation), lot 2. block 46. Sunny
elde; $10. ' . ,
Louisa H. Konrad to Southern Pacific Com
pany (corporation), lot on NE corner of San
Bruno road and SW Thirty-ninth avenue SE
112. SW 33. NW 75. NW to beginning, block 55
Paul Tract: $10.
Annie M. Rincs to same, lot on W corner of
Thirty-ninth and Railroad avenues. NW 40 SW
35. NW 75, SE to Railroad avenue. NE 148-9
block 53. same: $10. ¦• "» .¦ ¦; * .
Abby G. F. Blckel (Preston) and H T
Bickel to Carrie E. Bridge (wife of H * S )'
lots « to 4S, block S, Garden Tract, Home
stead Association; $10. «um D
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet toll.
Ballln. lot on N E line of San Bruno road.
194:9M, NW of Ware. NW 30:S*i, E 129 S I 23
W 112. lot 12, block 7. Garden Tract Home
stead; $10.
Alazneda County.
William H. and Frances Mackinnon to George
Sterlinr. lot on S line of Evoy avenue. 2S0 E
of Grove street. E 4a by S 100. being the E H
or N . of lot 14, Montgomery Tract No. 1.
Oakland; $5.
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to same, lot
on 8E corner of West and Forty- third streets,
E 440 by S 200. being lots 1 to 22. 43 to 6«. block
2091. mar of. Paradise plat. Oakland: also lo'.
on HE corner of Evoy avenue or Fortieth street
RZAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I Market-st 6s... 128% — I (Series A).... — 112
Do 1st M 5s.ll7Vt — * Do (Series BH11 —
N C N G R 7s. — 115 ISPCIs (1906). 113^4 —
N R of Cal 6S.112V5 — I Do (1912) 121*122^
Do 5s ........ llSHHSri I P H B \rr gntd -
NP<'hRt?.WI - !S P Br 6a ....132Sil33%
Do 5 106V4107HIS V Water 6s.ll3 —
N Cal Ry 6s.. — 111 I Do 4a 103 104
Oak G I. A H.lli? — I Do 3d mtg...l01% —
Oak Tran 6s. | — US 'Stocktn Gas «s — '02'A
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69V4 — Spring Valley. 96% —
Mann County. Sl*i — s . •
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent O L Co.. — — Pac L Co 43 U%
Cent L & P Co — S Sac El G&RCo 35% —
Eqult GLCo 3V4 3% S F G & E.... 53 —
Mutual El Co. 10*4 11 3an Francisco. 5 5H
OGL&H....— 50 StknG&ECo— II
Pac Gas Imp.. 51% 52U
INSURANCE STOCK3.
Flrem's FunJ.225 — •
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 67V4 "0 Lon P & A. ...133 —
Buiik ol Cai...4W — Mercnanti' £.x u —
<-al S r> * T.M«! — N'ev Nat Bk... — —
First Natlonl.2S5 ZOO
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L....1S60 - S F Sav U.... 537tf -
Hum s» * L.. — - Sav & L So 82*4
Mer Trust 62»£ 70 Sec Sav Bk — —
I Mut Sav Bk... 48Vj — Union T Co.... — —
STREET RAILROAD STOCK&
California 123 - O S L & H.... — 4S
Geary-st — — |Presldlo — 2au
Market-st ...... 87 67i,i'
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 1*?S Vlgorlt ........ IV ju
Giant Con Co. - 85»4
SL'GAJt STOCKS.
liana S P Co. 7% S% Kllauea S P C 21H —
Haw C & S Co — S3 Makaweli S C 43ft 43*1
Honokaa S Co. 30>4 31 Vi Onomea S Co. 28 29'
Hutch S P Co 23 28 Paauhau S Co. 31 —
MISCELLAXEOfS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 12C Pac A F* A.... l\
Cal Fruit Aen 97',i — Pac C Bor Co. 150 151h
Mrr t'\ 4*»iX~i "i IW Par Paint Co. 1J —
Oceanic S Co.. 93 93%
Morning Session.
• Board —
25 Market-street Railway 87 00
Street—
2 German Savings and Loan 1S92 50
10 Pacific Lighting 44 00
{6000 Park and Cliff House «s 104 SO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Giant Powder Con 85 00
12 Makaweli 44 CO
10 Makaweli 43 75
30 Makaweli 43 62^
$10,000 S P Branch Railway 63 133 00
4 Spring Valley Water 98 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Blue Goose 13 50
600 Home Oil 4 60
100 Sterling Oil and Development Co.... 2 S3
60 Sterling Oil and Development Co.... 2 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
150 Home Oil 4 60
25 Home Oil 4 65
10 Kern River 20 00
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 52
25 San Joaquin O and D Co 8 00 •
BO Sterling Oil and Development Co.... 2 30
100 Twenty-eight 1 55
Street—
200 Sterling Oil and Development Co.... 2 23
200 Twenty-eight ' 1 50
400 Monarch of Arizona 60
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Francisco
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning: Session.
200 Belcher 20 1 300 Ophlr 65
200 Best & Belcher 23 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 33
200 Gould & Curry 31 300 Utah 05
700 Mexican 31' ICO Yellow Jacket. 20
Afternoon Session.
1000 Andes 07 100 Ophlr 52
200 Chollar 20 200 Overman 10
100 Crown Point... 11 200 PotosJ IS
100 Gould & Curry 32 100 Savage 17
100 Hale & Norcrs 22 100 Union Con .... 13
2C0 Mexican 30 ' 200 Yellow Jacket. 21
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alpha OS, 700 Ophlr E6
600 Best & Belcher 29 1- 400 Ophlr 65
5C0 Chollar 20 500 Ophlr E4
300 Gould & Curry 34 600 Savage 1?
300 Gould & Curry 33 400 Sierra Nevada. 32
200 Hale & Norcrs 21 300 Yellow Jacket. 20
400 Mexican 30
Afternoon Session.
200 Crown Point... 11; 300 Overman 10
200 Hale & Norcrs 21! 200 Potosl 13
&50 Ophir 1 62 300 Savage 17
200 Ophlr 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Sept. 24—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice OS 07
Alta 02 04 Kentuck — 04
Andes 07 C8 Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 19 2 : >, Mexican 29 30
Best & Belcher 27 23 Occidental K 09
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr 60 51
Caledonia 40 41 Overman 10 11
Chollar 19 20Potosl IS 20
Challenge 19 21' Savage IS 13
Confidence 75 SO, Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.1 10 1 15;Seg Belcher ..02 03
Con Imp 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 31 32
Con New York — 01! Silver Hill .... 35 38
Eureka Con .. — 45! St. Louis — 15
Crown Point... 10 12 1 Standard 4 10 —
Exchequer .... 01 02 . Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry 32 33 Union Con .... 13 19
Hale & Norcrs 21 22 Utah 04 C6
Julia — 04 Yellow Jacket. 20 21
PORTLAND, Sept. 24.— WHEAT- Walla
Walla, 66c; blue stem. 59©60c; valley, 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 24.— WHEAT— Quiet, un
changed; blue stem, 59»4c: club. 56*&c. Charters
were made to-day at 50 shillings.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 24.— Clearings, $552,
849: balances, $178,487.
LONDON, Sept. 24.— Consuls. S3 7-16@98i£d:
silver, 28 15-16<3: French rentes. 100f 12M,c®100r
15c: wheat cargoes on passage, sellers asking 3d
advance: No. 1 standard California, 32s 6d;
Walla Walla, 31s; English country markets,
firm; Import into United Kingdom, wheat.262.
000: flour. 273.000- wheat and flour on passage
to United Kingdom 2,370,000; to continent,
960,000. •
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 24.— Wheat, firm No. 1
standard California 6s 6>4d: wheat In Paris,
quiet: flour In Paris, quiet: French country
markets, quiet; weather in England, unsettled.
COTTON-Uplands, "\id.
. CLOSING.
WHEAT — Spot No 2 red Western winter, 6s
3d: No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 6^C; No. 1 Cali
fornia, 6s 6Mjd. Futures quiet; September, 6s
2%d; December. 6s 5d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 4s
4V4d. -Futures, quiet; October, 4s 3%d; Novem
ber. 4s 3d; December, 4s 2%d.
The imports of wheat into Liverpool last week
was 113.CC0 quarters from Atlantic porta and
15,000 quarters from other ports.
Portland's Business.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24. — Cotton futures: The
opening was steady, with prices up 11@1S points,
this being largely a sympathetic movement,
having- advanced far beyond expectations. After
the first hour business settled down to a slow
room trade, with the market showing little In
the way of Interesting developments. At the
close the market was firm, with the advance
extended to 1&@24 points.
New York Cotton Market.
Saturday. September 22 as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange. Is as follows:
Bushels. Increase.
Wheat ' 54 9'JS.OOO 1,066,000
Corn •.. 7322,000 1,720,000
Oats 11659,000 1,312,000
Rye 'SC9.C00 73,000
Barley ' 749,000 131.000
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Visible Grain Supply.
Copper showed a steady undertone at $16 75®
The brokers' price lor lead was ?4 and for
copper $16 75@16 87^.
THE \SA~N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 35, 1900.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
10
CCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. -
| m_ Steamers leave Broadway
i ft^^ wharf, San Francisco:
I VSSw^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.m..
fc5*v*S^ F<>ptembt>r 23. 2S. Oct. J.
K?jM?w5i*^ Chanse to company*! steaaa-
¦ #3ktMV^3 er ' at Seattle.
' Pff^OJSVi For V'ctorla, Vancouver
: fi&&«rlpLj (B. C), Port Townsend, Se-
• uT """^^^sfil attle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 11 a. m.. September
23, 2S, Oct. 3 and ev«ry fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoca
to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Septem-
ber 20, 25. SO. Oct. 5. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Ctji. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblsno). Gavlcta.
Santa Barbara. "Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angelea> and Newport—*
a m.. September 20. 24, 23, Oct. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only «t Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Lcs Angeles) — U a.
ro.. September 22, 23, 10, Oct. 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Fnsenada, Magdalen* Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymaa (Mexico)— 13 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For farther Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserve* th» right to ettang*
steamers, sailing dates and hour* of ¦ullittg
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 N«w Montgomery
street (P»lao« Hotel).
GOOPALL, PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Agents..
10 Market »t.. Saa Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf it C A. M.
CADC $12 First Class including Berth
rAnC $8 Second Class and Meats.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Sept. 20. »
COLUMBIA «all» Sept. 25. Oct. b
Short Una to Walla Waila. Spokaae. Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£33 Market n.
GOODALL. PERKTN3 A CO..
Superintendents.
STEAMER
"StJPaul"
St. Michael
A2TD
Nome.
Saturday, September 29.
APPLT TO
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
S10 SANSOME ST. |]
KIMBALL S.S.-CO.'S
FOR NOME, ALASKA,
VIA SEATTLE.
Slmr. John S. Kimball
Balls From Mission No. 1 Wharf
THURSDAY September IT. 1300
For freight and passage, K. B. S. CO.. £9
Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARP, COR-
ner First and Brarinan streets, at I v. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling a:
Kcbe (Hioso), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkcr.K with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carsro received on board on day
of satllrs.
SS. AMERICA MARL*
Wednesday. October I?, 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARC
Tuesday. November 13. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December 6. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freisrht and passage apply at company's office.
431 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. Oeneral Agent.
AMERICAN LINB,
¦IV YOKK. MUTHAJSPTOH. LOXDOS. ?J3TX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 a. m.
St. Louis Oct. S| St. Lruis Oct. 21
New York Oct. 10 New York Oct. a
St. Paul Oct. 17! St. Louis Not. U
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antweru.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frtesland Oct. 3 Kensington Oct. it
Southwark Oct. 10 Noordland Oct. 3X
WesternUnd ....Oct. C] Southwark ....Nov. li
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
SOKPAQSIE GENSRAt,^ TKANSATLAMTIQT^.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .-^
Sailing every Thursday instead of<jm
•Wfiirdnv from November Z. 1S33. at -«W«fc
Morton street. LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 17;
La TOURAIXE. Oct. 4; L'AQUITAINE. Oct.
11- L> LORRAINE. Oct. 13. First-class to
' H»vre l.*5 and upward. Second class to Havre,
«" 50 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
1'NIXED STATES and CANADA. 22 Broadway
(Iludscn butldlns). New York. J. F. FL'GAZI
& CO Pacific Coast Agents. S Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
q S MOAN A (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. Wed.. Oct. 3, 9 p. m.
S S AUSTRALIA only)
" Wednesday. Oct. 17. 2 p. m.
JL D. SPRECKELS h BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market SI
Pier 7. Fool Pacific &»¦ FreinM Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STZAMEK3.
FOB U. S. RAYY YAnF^AlSflT
Steamer "AleniiceUa. 1 * ,'^
MOX.. Tu«.. Wed.. Thurs. and. Sat. at 9:«2T
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlght>; Fri-
days. 1 p. ra. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone. Main 1308.
FARE , S04
AUCTION SALES.
£^ AUCTION SALE! 5^
TUESDAY, Sept. 23. 11 o'clock, at 1621 MAH-
KET ST.. of Horses, suitable for all purposes,
broken and unbroken. S. WATKINS.
Auctioneer.
AT AUCTION on Market St.. between Twelft-j
and Thirteenth. TUESDAY. September ?5. w»
will sell 37 draft and driving horses. 3 spana
handsome black teams; these horses must o<
sold. S. WATKINS,
AUCTION SALE
5^ AT
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET
2CT SIXTH ST. »
WEDNESDAY SEPT. 26. AT 11 A. M.
By order of J. C. Benham of Chicago, we will
sell 73 sets of new harness, consisting of bug-
gy, wagon and team, double and single: also
20 head of horses and mares.
STTLLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.OAKLAND. Sept. 24.— The row in Court
United States. Foresters of America,
which led to the arrest of A. E. Trimble
upon complaint of J. L. Pallnbaum. was
aired to-day before Police Judge Smith.
Palinbaum testified that Trimble had
struck, him In the face during the alterca
tion. The' brethren had quarreled because
Trimble accused Pallnbaum of trying to
induce members of the lodge to refrain
from supporting the gymnasium annex to
the lodge hall. Trimble said he struck at
Pallnbaum. but the blow did not land, be
cause bystanders caught his arm. Judste
Smith dismissed the case, saying: "If
the gentlemen would pay a little more
attention to the obligations of their <>r
der they would not be In the Police Court
with their troubles."
Foresters' Case Dismissed.
A railway operator at Lonisiara. Mo.,
recently * received a present of a dozen
young chickens - from an old woman to
whom he had been courteous while she
was waiting for a train..
STATELY FORESTS CONSUMED.
•Ranch, Near Dixon.
Special Dispatch to Tho CaJl.
Conflagration on J. S. Garnett's
D.IXON. Sept. 24.— Fire to-day swept
over the Hill ranch, twelve miles west of
town, owned by J. S. Garnett. a retired
capitalist. A large tract covered by state
ly trees was devastated by the flames.
Fires started through the carelessness of
hunters ravaged an area of 2000 acres.
Garnett. although 70 years of age. fought
the flames for twenty-four hours In the
effort to save his forests. At one time he
was almost suffocated by 6moke.
BERKELEY. Sept. 24.— The number of
voters who have registered this year Is
40) short of last year's registration. Dep
utv County Clerk W. L. Overstreet at hi3
office in the local postoffiee states that
according- to the recent census the num
ber should exceed last year's registration
by 1000. Only two days are left In wh.'ch
to register.
Voters Are Not All Begistared.
OAKLAND. Sept. 24.— Because of the
probable removal from Oakland of School
Dlrectr.r David Rutherford to Chicago and
the continued stay of School Director R.
M. Price In Alaska two vacancies In the
Board of Education are expected to be
made by the resignations of the absentees.
Politicians are speculating upon the pos
sibilities.
Absent Directors Hay Resign.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 24— Fire which
started shortly before midnlpht In Koll's
planing mill on Second street. San Pedro,
completely destroyed the mill, also tho
Anderson" lodging house and the Los An
peles Cornice Works. The origin of the
fire la unknown. The loss Is about J13.000,
with no insurance so far as known.
BLAZE AT SAN PEDBO.
MANSFIELT>. Ohio. Sept. 24.— Zlon El
ders Mark A. Loblow of Chicago and
James A. Watts of Hammond, Ind.. both
British subjects, arrived here to-day and
both went to their hotels, where- their
Identity was discovered. They were
marched to the city prison and at noon,
were deported.
. Zionists Arrested.
OAKLAND. Sept. 24.-Mrs. Lulu An
nette Leete and her husband. W. M.
Leete. have filed a d»murrer to the com
plaint In the suit of Warren Heaton. who
claims they are Indebted to him In the
sum of J750 for services rendered by him
as an attorney. Mrs. Leete Is the step
dauRhter of the late "Warren D. Heaton.
She and the plaintiff have taken oppos'te
Eldes in the contest now pending over the
late capitalist's estate.
Mrs. Leete Demurs.
OAKLAND. Sept. 24.-The criminal
catching department of the mu
nicipal KOvemment was thrown
Into a '* vcr of excitement to-'Jay
when Policeman Eugene Hahn
prnt a hurry up call from the branch po
lice lock-up at f Solden Gate fdr assistance. |
It was a case of a prisoner's attempt to
escape after arrfft.
A measly, low-livrd cur had been ar
rested by the valiant officer for a mur
derous assault on two women. He was
lodged !n jail, and not liking his quarters
tried to fight hi? way out. Hence the call
for assistance. As dog and guard fought j
the relief s<jiia.1 hove In sfght and the doi? J
whs quickly overpowered.
The dog was the property of j
James Martin, a grocrr at Stanford
street and San Pablo avenue. The ani- I
Rial's criminal instinct manifested Itre'.f in !
an attack upon Mrs. Martin. As sh<? fled '
from the onslaught the dog pursued, but 1
the woman w.tf rescued In time to mvh
her life. Martin captured the dog and
tied him in a barn, hut the canine pnawerf
his way out. and delirious with delijrht at
regaining his freedom started on a tour of
celebration. After frightening a dozen
men and women almost into spasms dotr
g!e made one l>'t» at an elderly ladv oe«ie«
trlan Then Hahn hove In sijjht He act
ed vigorously. There was nothing to do
but to place doggie under arrest.
Hahn applied to the Prosecutln* Attor
ney for ndvlrp. But all the dijreinir into
the books failed to f.ml a case that would
fit this one Police Judge Smith declared
he had no Jurisdiction, suggesting how
«ver. that Hahn lodere a formal chanre
apainst the ranlne before n writ of habeas
corpus be Issued. But Hahn is Is a quan
dary- The dog is on his hands. The court
tv'.M not rccoenlze that there is a prisoner
I", * 1,1*' H ? hn r « nn °t get a complaint
that will entitle him to K o Into court
while doKRif threnters to break Jail at any
moment. Hahn says anybody can have
the creature by furnishing sufficient ball.
VICIOT-S CANINE GOES ON THE WARPATH AND ATTACKS TVVO WO
MEN: IS FINALLY CAPTURED BY A POLICEMAN. WHO HAS TO
CALL ASSISTANCE TO KEEP HIM IN JAIL.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
111S Broadway, Sept. 24.
The ambition cf Mrs. Mary Valentine
to be appointed guardian of aged James
McSherry and his wife of Alameda, and
Incidentally their 133.000 worth of Govern
ment bonds wa« rudely shattered this
morning in Judge Greene's court through
her own admission that she was accus
t<">roed to drink from the glass that cheers?
and is prone to Inebriate. The hearing
cf the p**!'lon for guardianship cf \ht
•wealthy but unhappy old couple generated
a lively legal and personal wrangle be
fore Ju«ge Greene adjusted matters. He
denied Mrs. Valentine's application and
appointed George I- Lewis, an Alameda
real estate agent, to care for the McSher
rye and their property.
Mrs. Valentine wa? placed on the stand
In fuppcrt of h^r petition and stated that
f->r year* t-he had attended Mr. and Mrs.
MrSherry with loving care, and had man
sged their financial affairs with the clo?en
scrutiny. She progresf*-<1 smoothly until
cro»«-eicaminer1 by Attorney E. K. Tay
lor who appeared for the a«ed couple in
opp^fltlon to Mr?. Valentine.
"Are you not addicted to the use of
i-toxJcatini? V.iuorrT' asked Attorney
Taylor.
"I am not particularly addicted to the
yw> r,f stimulant?." answered Mrs. Val
— .«.,,» -put when, occasionally, I want
a VrYrik 1 take It. I don't think there
i« ar.v harm in tb* 1 " ,. ,
-Vr and Mr*. McSherry told me.
fated Mr Taylor after Mr?. Valentino
had oonclud(»d her testimony, "that the
«»'n'v interest this petitioner has ever ta
ken in them ¦was to get po^ses^iori of their
e--* Ftock whirh fhf did a few days ngn.
The old couple ar* afraid of her and bo
lu>ve *ho !s trying to despoil them r.t their
T-'-or'erry I Ocfire to ptate from my own
Vnrrtifertgp that J.Trr. Valentine is not a
proper person to be guardian of there peo
*".' written request from Mr. and Mrs.
•VcCherry f<~r the appointment of George
?' "iye-vls Tva* then preiM^nted.
•j r « Vnlfii'lne wa« recalled to the stand
vv' roflis GnCOiQ. who asked:
"Ijidl unrterriand you to ray. madam.
«mt vou Take a «irlnk occasionally?"
••WTK-ti'ver I feel like It. Judge." was
the '¦¦ ' £V - ' r 
••you are frank, tr. Fay th* lea«t." re-
the Court. "I will appoint Mr.
T>w5f. H!» r»~T^F ar" fi-ed at Cl.OnO.
Guardian.
That Is Why Mrs. Valen
n tine Was Not Appointed
TOOK 1 DRINK
OCCASIONALLY
OAKLAND POLICEMAN SENDS IN
HURRY CALL TO QUELL A DOG
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 24.
W. W. Morrison, Dr. H. N. Rowell and
T. F. Mock, members of the Republican
County Central Committee, have taken
the Initiative in the matter of issuing a
call for a conference of the entire commit
tee looking toward a harmonizing of the
differences which have split that body in
twain. These members have asked the en
tire committee to meet Wednesday after
noon at 1 o'clock at Judge Quinn's court
room- for this conference, the meeting, it
is declared in the call, to be Informal.
This action is the result of efforts which
have been made by prominent members of
the party who during the past two weeks
have been planning some harmonizing
steps. The call alms especially and solely
to that end. The time for the session Is
fixed for the day followlnsr the regular
meeting night of the Breed wing of the
committee. The date was chosen, it is be
lieved, that the Breed organization might
have time to fully canvass the call and
decide what steps they should take. None
of the commltteemen who signed the call
have recognized the Breefl organization.
Whether the conference shall be success
ful rests largely upon the decision of the
Breed forces as to a recognition of the
call. The call 1« as follows:
OAKLAND, Sept. 24, 1900.— \Y>. the under
alcned, member* of th« Alamoda County Re
publican Central Committee, representing the
Forty-ninth Assembly District, realizing that
¦we are In the midst of a. most Important cam
paign and that the Republicans not only of our
county, but of the State and nation as well,
have a right to demand that we heal cur dif
ferences and speedily effect an equitable and
amicable organization, that wo present a
harmonious and unbroken front to our an
cient and active opponents; aa4 believing that
the speediest and surest method of perfecting
such an organization would be a conference o*
the members of raid committee, invite you to
be present at an Informal mretlnjr of said
members to be held at Judge Quinn's court
room, corner of Eighth and Broadway. Sep
tember 2«. at 1 o'clock p. m. It Is aarreed
on the part of the underpinned that this meet-
In* Is for conference or.iy. and not for or
eanlzatlon. A full attendance of the commit
tee Is desired In person. If possible, and If
not then by rroxy. No advantage will be
trtVn of any absent mernb^ MOTWBOJf>
H. N. ROWELU
THEO F. MOCK.
Cnmmitteeman Morrison said:
"The meeting will be purely Informal.
Wa have called for proxies because ab
sentees should be represented. Commit
teeman Crowell is in San Diego and his
nroxv should be serurrd by some other
member from the Fiftieth District. If we
can reach an agreement we can either ad
journ the Informal meeting at once and
reorganize the committee or hold a regu
lar meetins at a later date."
Republican Coifmitteemen
Desirous of Settling
Differences.
ISSUE CALL FOR
A CONFERENCE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Sept. 24.
The Hebrew festival of the new year
was observed In Oakland to-day by spe
cial services at the synagogue. Orthodox
and reform Jews alike closed their stores
and the business portion of the city pre
sented a Sunday appearance. The festi
val was ushered In last evening at sun
down and ended this evening, though there
will be special praise services in the syna
gogues to-morrow.
The services at the synagogue of the
First Hebrew Congregation this morning
were conducted by Rabbi M. Friedlander.
who was assisted by E. Bernstein and
Marcus Jonas. Mr. Jonas blew the shofar.
an impressive portion of the service. J.
Rosenberg and Sol Kahn. president and
vice president of the congregation, occu
pied seats at the altar.
Rabbi Friedlander took for the subject
of his sermon "The Omnipresence of
God." his text being "Bless ye the Lord,
all his works In all places of his domin
ion; bless the Lord, O my souL"— Psalms.
3:22. He said:
"To-day is New Year, and It stands
for the full meaning of the word. It la
the day when we pass over from the old
to the new. We reflect on the past and
think of the future. We recount our ex
periences and map out our Intentions. And
It is at this hour, the hour when the
spectacle of our own life is brought to
our view, that the Psalmist speaks to us
of God's omnipresence, thereby appeas
ing our spiritual unrest and soothing our
wounded consciousness.
"No matter how vain and frivolous our
external life may appear at times, there
is a deep-rooted conviction at the bottom
of every human consciousness that lifo
Is something more than a mere air bub
ble. Man stands for something higher
than being the object of a passing show.
Human function comprises wider and
greater significance than merely working,
eating, sleeping. Happiness is a much
more precious and more lasting prize than
that secured by the commonplace strug
gle* after worldly gain."
The music ¦was rendered by the follow
ing choir under the direction of Organist
Willam King: Sopranos, Miss Mary Ches
ter Williams and Mrs. Carrie Brown-Dex
ter: contraltos, Mrs. Carroll Nicholson an<1
Mr*. Richard Partington: tenor. Harry
1^. Taylor; basso. Clement Rowlands.
The Interior of the synagogue was ar
tistically decorated with palms and cut
flowers. Lighted candles adorned the al
tar.
At the Synagogue of Beth Jacob there
were noecial services this morning. Rab
bi M. Mendellowltz delivered a sermon In
Hebrew. The services were of the or
thodox order. There* wa« special music.
Special Holiday Services
Held at the Oakland
Synagogues.
HEBREWS HONOR
THE NEW YEAR
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Sept. 24.
The long, hard fight of the merchants
of this city against the Alameda tax reg
ulation * - hlch Imposes a license on all
dealers from outside cities delivering
goods within the limits of that munici
pality has at last resulted In their suc
cess. Judge Hall rendered a decision to
day in the case of the city of Alameda
against H. C. Coward, an Oakland salt
merchant, that the license tax imposed
on outside dealers is illegal.
Several months ago Coward drove over
to Alameda with a load of salt for his
customers and submitted himself to ar
rest for the purpose of testlpg the license
ordinance. He was found guilty in the
Alameda Recorder's court and entered
an appeal to the Superior Court.
Attorney Fred W. Fry, who was re
tained by the Oakland merchants, con
tended that the Alameda license ordinance
was illegal because it attempted to Im
pose a license upon merchants simply for
the privilege of delivering goods within
the city to their customers.
The argument made by the Alameda
authorities was that the merchants were
in the business of delivering goods, and
that the laying down of merchandise
within the Alameda city limits was not
merely an Incident of their regular trade.
In his ruling Judre Hall held that the
dtllvery of goods was not" a business In
cases of regularly established merchants,
but merely an Incident.
Special License Regulation
Is Declared Invalid by
Judge Hall.
ALAMEDA TAX
LAW ILLEGAL
the right Fide, parsed through the lung.
;r!r.g the tissues badly, and now lies
n fr.int cf the lung and one inch below
"r.f right nipple, it would have been lm
7-:3r:ioab!e to locate the bullet without
the aid of the X-ray.
"That part of the chest surrounding
the right iung !¦ filled with Mood and
"r.o wounded man breathes with difficul
ty I have refused to make any incision
to-tfay on account of his weakened condl- '
tton. T'r.Ws unfavorable symptoms ap- :
7* rir. 1 shall endeavor to remove the bul- I
•¦ in a fe^v <iny«. The Injured man is!
Is a verv <">rir~.u<t roniiitlon."
Chief of Po'.ice Conrad of Alameda re- I
foeed to ta'.k about the shooting except j
to say:
"MacRae. in my opinion, did his duty."
Pending the result of the Injury to
Brown, the Alameda authorities will take
no action in the case. MacRae Is much
wrought up over the tragic affair. He
declares he will meet all the expenses en
tailed upon the Brown family as a con
sequence of the shooting.
"While I regret beyond measure this
distressing affair." said MacRae to-day.
"I believe that unuor all of the circum
stances I was justified in shooting. After
I ordered Kelly out of the buggy he
moved so slowly that I told him to "hur
ry. He replied by making a pass at me,
starting the horse.
"I -was then in between the wheels, but
freed myself and hung on to the bark
of the seat. The men whipped up the
horse. Brown driving. They pulled me
along for a hundred yards or so. not
heeding my demands to stop, but going
faster every moment. At last with one
hand I pulled my pistol and fired in ine
air. One of the men struck me again
and I fell to the ground. From a sitting
posture I fired twice more. When I fired
the last shot I think the buggy was about
150 feet from mo. I am glad I rounded
them up. for they were endangering lives
all along the avenue by their reckless
driving.
Ball in Charles Kelly's case was fixed
at $2of>. He will he tried on Thursday
before Justice Morris.
Max Jacobs will have a trial to-morrow
morning, both men being charged with
cruelty to an animal and resisting a po
lice officer. *
police officer who did the shooting and the man who received the wound that mat prove
FATAL. THE INCIDENT FURNISHED AN EXCITING SCENE ON THE STREETS OF ALAMEDA THE PO
LICEMAN FIRING THE SHOT AFTER BEING FORCED FROM THE BUGGY.
THIEVES ROB A HOUSE
AND WRECK FURNITURE
BERKELEY, Sept. 24.— During the flro
which destroyed Henry Mansfield's house
at 2126 Parker street Saturday night the
house of George W. Pimer. adjoining, wa3
ransacked and a number of valuable arti
cles taken.-- Mr. Pimer was away at the
time and returned to find that his house
had been broken into.
Although the Pimer house was never
In any great danger of the fire some peo
ple took it upon themselves to commence
removing the furniture. They carefully
carried out a coal scuttle and "then threw
p. sewing machine out of a window, com
pletely wrecking It. Everything in the
house was thoroughly ransacked. Bureau
drawers were gone through and boxes
opened. Jewelry, books, clothing and
many other articles were taken. Pimer's
sideboard was raided and some bottles of
rare old liquors carried off. Carpets were
riDDed up and furniture smashed.
Pimer is a traveling man and I1I3 family
13 in the East -: -:^;
OAKLAND. Kept 24.— The investigation
r>f the charges Policeman Thomas
Pprdee was resumed to-day by the Police
PninmiEfion^rs. The cross-examination of
Mr= A. D. Hou> wan completed. Chief of
Police Ho<1gklne and Captain of Police W.
J TVterfon verve the other principal wlt-
r «»*5<»s. The inquiry will be resumed
V.v<1neda;- at 1:30 p. nv
Boxing: Bouts at Reliance.
"iAKLAND, Sept. zt. — The Reliance
Club will give the first cf its winter box
l".g exhibitions to-morrow evening at the
elubroorns. An excellent programme has
been arranged. The bouts will be be
tween Charles Thurston and Henry
Lew!*' "Doc" Flyrn and Ben Hart, and
Jack Caj>elis» and Tom Herman.
Policeman Pardee Investigation.
Teachers' Institute at Haywards.
OAKLAND. Sept. 24.— The next County
Teachers' Institute will be held at II>y
wards on Ncverr.be: 26. 27 and 2S.
OAKLAND. Sept. 24.— Miss Grace Bar
nard, supervisor of the Associated Kinder
gartens of Oakland, had her bicycle
broken to fragments In a collision with
one of Lebnhardt's delivery wagons while
•wheeling on Piedmont avenue this morn
ing and narrowly escaped eerious injury
hetrelf. As It was, the was considerably
bi-alsed.
"Herbert Colombell. the driver of the
wagon, immediately reported to me that
he «TM to blame for the accident," said
E. Lchnhardt. "and I shall replace the
damaged bicycle. Colombell was looking
at his order book and did not see Miss
Barnard until he struck her wheel."
WELL-KNOWN TEACHER
IN BICYCLE ACCIDENT
ST. MATTHEW'S CADETS
PARADE BEFORE GUESTS
Battalion Reviewed and L"ew Dormi
tory Dedicated at the Military
School.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN MATEO, Sept. 24.— St. Matthew's
day was celebrated at St. Matthew's Mili
tary School on Saturday. The railroad
company provided a special car for guests
from San Francisco, and every seat was
occupied. At the school grounds a salute
from the battery heralded their approach,
and the cadets, drawn up in battalion
formation, presented arms.
The battalion at once formed for review
in honor of Colonel W. R. Parnell, U. S.
A. After the review there was a dress
parade, and later the capacity of the din
ing hall was taxed to the utmost. Bishop
Nichols, ex-Governor Rickards of Mon
tana and Cecil' Marrack, on behalf of the
alumni, addressed the guests and cadets.
A new dormitory building just completed
was dedicated with appropriate ceremo
nies, and the members of the alumni as
: soclation repaired to the assembly room
to hold a meeting. Officers were elected
for the ensuing year as follows: W. C.
Sharpstein. first vice president: J. A.
Code, second vice president; Henry J.
Crocker, treasurer: Floyd S. Judah, sec
retary, and H. R. Judah. assistant secre
tary. The rector. Rev. W. A. Brewer, is
president of the association ex ofnclo.
Mr. Code was appointed a committee to
arrange for the annual banquet of the as
sociation. A resolution was adopted ap
pointing a committee of fifteen to deter
mine the character of a memorial to the
late Dr. Brewer and to raise the neces
sary funds. The committee at once decid
ed on a building to be used for school pur
poses and to be known as Memorial Hall.
After the meeting adjourned a football
game was played between the school team
and a team composed of members of Delta
Kappa Kpsilon Fraternity of Berkeley.
The latter team having a preponderance
of weight and longer training defeated the
school team, though there were times
when by reason of brilliant plays the re
sult appeared doubtful. %
TOWNE TALKS AT FRESNO.
Blames the Administration for the
Pennsylvania Strike.
FRESNO. Sept. 24.— Hon. Charles A.
Towne of Minnesota opened the Demo
cratic campaign in Fresno to-night with
an address to an audience of 1500 people
In the Barton Opera-house. The meeting
had been arranged by the Fresno Bryan
and Stevenson Club and ¦was as enthusi
astic as might bo expected In this county,
which has such a strong Democratic
leaning.
. Tho address at the Barton Opera-house
was taken up almost entirely with a dis
cussion of the Issues of imperialism and
silver. Mr. Towne began with some re
marks on the use and misuse of political
parties and the need of more patriots and
less partisanship. He declared that any
present prosperity was due to natural
causes, not to the administration, and de
nounced the party in power for bringing
about the coal miners' miseries in Penn
sylvania..
VARSITY MEN AT PRACTICE.
Stanford's Football Team Sent Against
the Second Eleven.
Fnecial Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 24.—
The Varsity footoall team was lined up
and sent against the second eleven this
evening for the first practice game of the
reason. The men went at their work with
a will and as a result Slaker went over
the goal line for a touchdown within six
minutes after the ball was put Into play.
Coach Yost is well pleased with the work
of the linemen and backs, but realize*
that he will have a task in developing
ends who will hold their own with thVse
from Berkeley. Following Is the wav the
first tv>am lined up: L<?e. center; DeFor
est and Seeley. guards; Burnett and Bent
lev, tackles; Thomson and Cooper, ends;
Fisher and Gelssler, halves; Slaker. full
back.
POSSE TAKES THE TEAIL.
In Wyoming Mountains.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Union Pacific Train Robbers Located
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Sept. 24.— After a
rest of two weeks, the chase after the des
peradoes who robbed a train at Table
Rock last month has been resumed. Last
night United States Marshal Hadsell. at
the head of a large posse, left Rawltns
and rode away In the direction of the
Brown Peak Mountains, where the ban
dits were seen a few days ago. The offi
cers were well mounted, heavily armed
and carried a week's rations. It is said
that officials of the railroad company have
received information which they believe
will lead to the speedy apprehension of
the robbers, and the outcome of the pres
ent campaign will be awaited with inter
est. . •
May Buy ft Water Plant.
SAN .DIEGO. Sept. 24.-In the efforts to
settle the water contest here between the
San Diego "Water Company and a rival
corporation for the control of the business
of supplying the city of San Diego with
water a committee of the City Council has
adopted by unanimous vote a resolution
to recommend the offer to the San I>lego
Water Company by the city of $500,000 for
Its entire plant and property in 8an Diego
to be owned by the city. The resolution
will be presented to the City Council on
Monday night, and if adopted will be sub
mitted to the London owners of the water
plant. Should they accept it all the pres
ent litigation over the $1,500,000 in city
water works bonds declared . invalid by
the'lower court* will be dismissed and an
election called for $600,000 tn bonds to buy
and improve the present -water works
nlant.
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday to pay the demand*
of the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company for telephones used by the city
government, though McCarthy opposed
the measure on the ground that It was In
violation of the charter. McCarthy quot
ed a provision of the charter which says
that holders of demands against the mu
nicipal government shall not .be paid if
they are Indebted to the city. McCarthy
sald the telephone company owed the city
large sums of money for back license
taxes on their nlckel-In-the-slot machines.
Brandensteln agTeed with McCarthy's
contention that the paying of the de
mands was In clear violation of the law.
"This measure is in direct opposition to
the charter," said Brandensteln. "We
cannot adopt it without overriding the
charter."
Reed said that It was a matter of ex
pediency to pay the telephone demands.
Trouble, he said, would result, as the com
pany would undoubted!*' take out the
'phones if the bills were not paid. In
answer to a question of the Mayor, Reed
said the telephone company owed the city
1200,000 for delinquent license taxes.
McCarthy made light of the threat of
the company to take out the telephones,
but the resolution was adopted and fol
lows:
The Auditor and Treasurer are, directed tc
audit and to pay out of the "telephone fund"
all bills for telephone sen-Ice contracted In
conformity with the agreement of the Pacific
Telephone Company to reduce Its rates on city
individual and extension telephones to $6 per
month and $1 per month respectively. It be
in* also agreed that a sufficient number of
telephones be taken out to come within the
monthly appropriation of S5S3 33, the July, Au
erust and September bills over and above this
amount to be rebated by the company.
When the resolution authorizing the
Civil Service Commission to appoint three
extra clerks for a period of three months
at $100 per month came up Reed moved its
reference to the Civil Service Committee
of the board, which was done. McCarthy
objected to the expenditure on the ground
that the Civil Service Commission was too
expensive an institution.
"The commission has already cost $$000."
said McCarthy, "and has accomplished
little or nothing."
The Mayor stated that the clerks were
already employed, which caused Sander
son to remark that departments should
be compelled to ask for additional heU>
before employing it and not after.
The Public Buildings Committee was
authorized to assign the quarters in the
Hall of Justice to the various criminal de
partments of the courts and also to ap
portion the offices to be vacated in the
City Hall. The committee will reconcile
the differences that have arisen in connec
tion with the moving of the departments,
as certain Superior Judges have an
nounced their intention not to change
their chambers.
The Board of Public Works was directed
to ascertain the estimated cost of com
pleting the Mission police station, with a
view to its immediate occupancy.
The Union-Street Rails.
Instead of granting the petition of Mrs.
Ann E. Reynolds that the tracks of the
Union-street cable road be moved to the
center of the street on that portion be
tween Hyde and Larkln the Board of Su
pervisors adopted a resolution yesterday
providing that the sidewalk in front of
Mrs. Reynolds' premises be cut away four
feet. The board granted the company
They are to constructed that wheels ar*
f>ulled off vehicles. This company is trv
ng to blockade the town by acqmrtafl a!?
these franchises, some of which 1 claim
have been forfeited."
Troy urged that the Committee in Pub
lic Utilities should take iir> the matter of
a municipal street-car system. an<i caller}
attention to the fact that the franchise of
the Geary-street line was about to run
out. Chairman Reed, of the committee
stated that the question would be consid
ered next Thursday night.
A protest was filed by the Richmond
District Improvement Club against the
board granting permission to the com
pany to erect overhead wires en First
street or any other street, for the reasons
set forth tn the following:
First— The eorrpany has abandoned its road
on Flr*t strett.
Second— Th« company Is ret entitled to any
favors from this city, as It has d?«tror»d many
cf our most important thcroujrhfares. Or. some
of our streets, where Its tracks are laid, nine
different patches of par' m ?r.t may be seen.
Thlnl— The smaller corporations have been
forced to place their wire* underjrround and
the Market-street Ccnipany should not be per
mitted to place Its dangerous wires en the
street, and many other reasons which we will
offer at the flr»t opportunity.
Miscellaneous Business.
The City Attorney was directed to sell
under a writ of execution issurd the Wlrt
ber property at Mountain View. Santa
Clara County, and to notify the board of
the time and place of sale. The Assessor
was requested to ascertain the value of
the above mentioned property and to no
tify the beard of the expenses Incurred
by him In obtaining the information that
he may be reimbursed therefor.
The printing committee was authorized
to expend JC02 60 for one set of Insurance
maps for the Assessor, competitive bids
for the same having been received.
An ordinance was passed to print au
thorizing the expenditure of $lf>.W> to con -
struct a culvert of concrete and brick
work and a rock-paved waterway for th<»
water of Trocadero gulch, also to grade
Nineteenth avenue, macadamize the road
way and sidewalks and construct 813 lin
eal feet of fence thereon.
A resolution was adopted declaring In
favor of the expediency of constructing
granite curbs and bituminous pavement
on Sixteenth street, between Dolores and
Church, Chelsea place: also of the
laying of stone sidewalks on North Point
street, between Montgomery avenue ami
Hvde streets.
The Mayor was empowered to enter into
a lease with H. H. North. Commissioner
of Immigration, for the rental of the po
lice station at Me!egs wharf.
The Board of Public Works wan author
ized to expend not to exceed SWQQ for v
paving Fourth street from Howard tn
Harrison streets with basalt blocks on
a ?and base.
The Board of Public Works was author
ized to construct a plank roadway on the>
city's portion of Spear- street wharf at an
expense not to exceed WIW.
The same board was authorized to tak^
charge of all public buildings owned by
the city.
An ordinance was passed to print order
ing the grading, repairing and laying of
curbs on the roadwav of Main street be
tween Mission and Howard streets.
The Mayor's veto of the resolution con
tributing the sum of J.Wrt for the Semi
centennial celebration was sustained.
The nrittnancp authorizing the Roard of
Public Works to enter Info a contract for
the erection of a photograph ea»»-y In
the Hall of Justice at a cost of S^nn was
referred to Supervisor McCarthy.
permission to maintain its tracks four
vears as they lie on this portion of the
street, but at the end of that period they
must be moved to the center.
Assistant City Engineer Mooser filed a
report that the cost of movlnz the jOO feet
of track would amount to J17.8OO. J. A.
Watt, the attorney for Mrs. Reynolds,
contended that the figure was exaggerated
and not backed by the official statement
of the Board of Public Works.
Electric Lines.
"Every one knows." said Watt, "that
the roadway of the Union-street line is a
flimsy Rffair. being a channel of planks,
and yet according to Mooser's estimate It
would cost J105.C00 per mile to build It."
Watt asked for a, week's time in which
to show that the work would not cost
much more than $2000, but the board
adopted the resolution.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company was granted a permit to store
and use crude petroleum for fuel at the
electric llsht station on Jessie street, be
tween Third and Fourth, and also to store
crude petroleum on the vacant lot en
Townsend street, near Second, and at the
station on Townsend street, between Sec
ond and Third. Permission was giver, to
the Bowers Rubber Company to store and
burn crude oil in Its factory at 31 Com
mercial street; also to the Wunder Brew-
Ing Company to use oil fuel under its
boilers In the brewery plant on Lombard
street. Certain conditions imposed by the
Fir? Marshal are to be adhered to In or
der to insure safety, and the tanks are to
be erected with the approval and under
ths supervision of the Board of Public
Works, the privileges to continue during
the pleasure of the Board of Supervisors.
An ordinance was passed to print grant-
Ing the firm of Gray Brothers permission
to" explode blasts at Clipper and Douglass
streets. When the ordinance granting the
same firm the right to operate an engine
in "conjunction with its rock crusher was
taken up several property owners In the
vicinity addressed the board in opposition.
It was finally decided to postpone consid
eration until the decision of Judge Sea
well is rendered in, a suit affecting the
rock- crusher.
The Market Street Railway Company
was granted permission to operate by
means of electricity, with modern appli
ances and requirements, its street railroad
runnlnsr nn Fifth street from Market
street to Eluxome street, and thence to
Fourth street, the work to be done under
the supervision of the Board of Public
Works. Permission was given to the
company to use electricity as a motive
power "on First street to connect with
Battery.
On McCarthy's motion the resolution on
the subject was passr-d to print only after
the insertion of a provision tnat the -city
reserves to itself the ri^ht to order at any
time the removal of the overhead wires.
Braunhart desired the reference of the
resolution to the Board of Public Works
to determine if the laying of underground
wires on the streets named was practi
cable. Curtis said that it would be neces
sary to chanee the whole connecting sys
tem for the few blocks on which the com
pany asks permission to erect overhead
wires, and this would be a manifest injus
tice. With the distinct understanding that
the wires may remain overhead only dur
ing the pleasure of the board, the resolu
tion prevailed.
E. P. E. Troy addressed the board and
said that some" action should be taken to
compel the company to lay proper rails
on the streets.
"The rails which the company has laid
on Mission and Berry streets are miser
able affair?." said Troy, "and amount to
a practical confiscation of the streets.
Filed bu Telephone Com
panuj Which Is in
Cltu's Debt.
Theu Must Be Placed in
Center of Street After
Four Years-
Bill Grantincj Privilege Is
Passed to Print bu
Supervisors,
Electric Roads to Be
Run on First and
Fifth Streets.
Union Street Rails to
Stau Where Now
Located.
Some Demands Or
dered Paid in Il
legal Manner.
MacRae Says He Was Justified, as Lives Were Be
ing Endangered by Those in Buggy.
OAKLAND. S*pt:4.-Myron Brown.
one of the men chot last night In
Alarneda by Policeman George
MacRae. lies at the home of his
*!««-. Mrs. N. Curley, 553 Firth
street, in an alarming condition,
i-.rcwn was removed from the Receiving
Hospital this afternoon to the offices of
I>r. S. H. Buteau. where under the X-ray
tta bullet which had eluded probe* was
located in the right side of the chest, hav
ing- passed through the lung. It was also
• ..^closed by further examination that a
peat deal of Internal hemorrhage had
i>«?n going on. a symptom which is con
sidered very serious by the attending sur
geons.
After the X-ray examination Brown was
taken in a very much exhausted state
to hi* relative's home. While Dr. Buteau
refused to give a definite opinion upon
Um outcome of the case, he expressed
grave alarm fcr the wounded man.
Brown s relatives and friends ar« up
k 'a^Vf ***&" the policeman. They de
% are they will prosecute MacRae for mur
ii.u * event of the young teamsters
*' Xt such a terrible affair." said
lU r J?,iFi oxrn *°- <5 »y. ~t*M my husband
should have b«en shot down for such an
as fast driving, even if he had
teen guilty. I cannot Bay now what are
ray feelings about the terrible result of
'Hat afternocn drive. I am too much
concerned about trying to save my hus
band s life."
Because cf Brown's extreme exhaustion
the surgeon.* do not <Sare to attempt an
• peratlcn to remove the bullet at pres
ent. Tbls Is one of the reasons why
prava <»oubti exist as to his recovery. Dr.
"The bullet entered_ th* nta'i back on
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 24.
The mystery In Loretta Sturm's disap
pearance remains unsolved, despite the
efforts of the police departments of two
cities and a host of family friends to find
some trace of the pretty 14-year-old girl
who has so completely vanished from
view. The parents are baffled and have
given up hope of trying to explain the
cause for the girl's flight from home.
Search has been made in every possible
way that could be suggested. To-day's
results were as futile and unyielding of
clew as the other days that have passed
since young Miss Sturm left the family
residence on Isabella street. •
Much of the fathers time has been
spent In trying to trace a valuable seal
skin cloak which his daughter carried oft
with her when she disappeared. The
folks think she pawned it to obtain
money. They think that it might be pos-
Blble for her to be found if the where
abouts of the garment Is made known.
But the detectives have not located It as
yet.
The father and mother insist that the
girl had a good home and no cause for
leaving It. They are loth to believe that
she has met any serious accident, al
though there were rumors about the
neighborhood of her home that Loretta
had been despondent for a ttme before she
disappeared. To a friend she remarked
that she was greatly disturbed and dis
gusted, and thought she would go out and
jump overboard.
The remark attracted no especial atten
tion at the time of utterance because it
was apparently only a. foolish outburst of
a child. It seemed to have more signifi
cance after she had lisappeared. But the
fact that she took the ?ack is considered
again3t the possible supposition of sui
cide.
The parents hope their daughter may
have run away because of some fancied
wrong and will return as soon as she re
covers her senses. But the grieving:
mother Is sorely distracted and is break-
Ing down under the strain. -
No Ground for Suspecting the Girl
May Have Committed Suicide.
Her Mother Breaking
Down.
Police and Parents Unable
to Get Any Clew to Her
Whereabouts.
LORETTA STURM
STILL MISSING
VICTIM OF POLICE OFFICER'S
PISTOL IS CLOSE TO DEATH
MEASURES ADOPTED AFFECTING THE
INTERESTS OF THE MUNICIPALITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 19OO.
12
«A7T FRANCISCO CALL.
BrSIXESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
urtll :2 o'clock rvery night In the year.
TSRAXCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9: JO p. m.
3f>0 Hayes ftreet; open until 5:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister etreet: open until 9:50 p. m.
f.55 Larkln ttreet: open until 9:80 p. m.
"¦« Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Stfl Market Hreet corner Sixteenth; open
urtll 5 n. rn.
Ji'C IHeventh rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
""W Valencia Ftreet; open until 9 p. tn.
Northwoft corner Twenty-second and Ken-
fjrky streets; open urtll 9 p. m.
3IEETI*G KOT1CES.
CALIFORNIA OartT Xo. 5. R, A, M.. m
w!!l meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-^%
IXG. Sept. -.". ;-t 7:30 o'clock. K. A. TCJf
decree. By order of the H. P. f^T\
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
PACIFIC Ledge No. :Sfi. F. and A. M., 0~
121 Eddy St.. meets THIS EVENING _/\_
. : 7. ¦ •' "-k. Third deirree. J&3\
GEORGE PEXLIXOTON. Bee. /^r a
OP.IENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. A
M.-F. C. degree THIS (TUESDAY) _Z\
EVEXIXG at 7:30 o'clock. >t2f
A. S. HUBBARD, Sec /Vl
MISSION Lodge Xo. 159. F. and A. M.— je
< -ailed meeting THIS (TUESDAY) Jk
EVENING a: 7:M o'clock. Third <3e- %J2f
Free. GEO. D. FLACK. See. /V^
HERMANN Lodpe No. 145, I. O. O.
F.-Meetlng TliIS (TUESDAY) 4%P£§&-
KVENING. Initiation. Visitors
welcome. M. R. JAOER, Sec
NOTICE. M. E. B. A. Xo. S$— Nominations for
olfleers will be made TUESDAY. September
ft. t P- ra. ED. MURPHY. President
WM. WARIX. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
cf the Ftockhclders of the Ferndale Petroleum,
OH and Development Company will be held
et the office cf the company, 222 Sansome st,
rt>om 21. eecend floor, San Francisco, Cal.. on
MONDAY, the 1st day of October. 1900. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
tc serve fcr the ensuing year and the transac-
tion rt such other businees as may corns b*-
* re the meeting. CHAS. H. CUSHIXG. Sec
AGEXTS WAXTED.
frs TO JSO daily made by our Live Agents,
rnen rr women, selling our latest novelty, '
can-raiETi waterproof neckties; (roods entirely !
rew and pater.te.1; apenis delighted; sales uu- j
Ihr.ltei: vhat ©there do you can do: write to- j
<^<»y; secure exclusive territory; £ruarant(*ed «
beet seller. Art<ire«s, with stairp, M. & M. I
MAXFO. CO.. Dt-pt. C. Springfield, Maes.
AGENTS of ahility nn<l experience in lire in*ur-j
anre. On II at room 101. P37 Market, cor. Sixth. !
WE handle newest nove'.tles for agent*. PA-
C\V\C ACKNTS' SUPPLY CO.. 34C1 18th st.
ASHIIALTl.M ROOKIXG.
J. PELTIER, nsphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
*-»^» laid, repaired: rm«t»l. llSf. Mission st.
ATTOttXEVS AT LAW.
B. V.'. KING, attorney at law. S27 Market st,
room €?7; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases: fair fees;
ro advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a epecialty; private;
no fee without success ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. K0 Market. cor.Stocktoa. i
FP.EE e.ivice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
V*. Davidson. 917 Market st. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK, nmma Fpreckels bldg.. 817 Mar-
ket rt. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
OUSTER. HERMAN J., attorney. $?; Market
st. r f?5: ori^n eve . 7-9: consultation free, j
ASTROLOGY.
MME. IIICKEY, astrologist: card read ing^end
ralrr.'.stry. I5g; horoscopes cast. 1938 Mlsglon.
HATH CAHIXETS.
F.OniNSON JS, 4-par.el folding; door opens; firm
pv.A fgfe. \V. S. BROV.'X. gen, act.. 426 Ellis.
isOAUUI.ttt KOK CHILDKCV
WANTED— Little girl or boy to room and
!>oard: company for lady; terms reasonable.
Bex 2"44. Call office.
A GOOD hrvme for 2 children; terms from M
to W>. Us Shipley Et.
A^^n^KsTAVnAi;T~2 blocks~iiorth of
Chronicle building; fim-c'.ass prirt-s; rent
$z:>; owner wis>!ie« to sell on account of other
business engagements. Call R. G. WILKE,
2GU Kearny st. I
A-J400: CHOPHOUSE: clcee to City Hail; rent j
S3o; daily receipts 125.
A $3« bakery; 1 block from Call building; I
<5aj!y receipts 120: only etore trade. Sec R. |
<J. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A-J1T0O; SALOON with 10 furnished rooms.
c'.use to new Hall of Justice: place established
many years and doing a good busineBg; owner
encased oth«r-niee cause of eaJe. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26'» Keamy et.
A— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; rent J40;
I lace do'.r.g a good businees; In neighborhood
• f warehouses and factories; commercial i
lunch frcm 11 to 1 o'clock; a rare chance.
Call It. G. ¦WILKE. 2S 1 , Kearny st
A-J1400; BALOON; established many years;
ball a block north of Maaon and Market:
r«-r.t J7i; a flrrt -class, paying place; partners
<-ac-t agree caute of eaie. See R. G. "VVILKE. j
ic 1^ Kearr.y st.
A-S"C«: CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in the Mltflon; rent $3S; 4 living
room*; place established years; owner, a
cridew. wants to retire. Cajl R. G. WILKE,
1'C 1 ,* Kearny et
A BUTCHEB shop; fn« location; receipts $20 !
day. COWING & CO.. 71S Market et.
A— SiOOu; HOTEL,: heart city; 69 rooms, all light;
raose. diath. COWING & CO.. 713 Market 8t
A ItEPTAURANT: north Market; best In city;
'¦all at or.ee. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— BOAliL>ING house on water front; money-
maker. COWING & CO., 718 Market Bt
A TRIP TO EUROPE
BAKERS DON'T MISS THIS
1:5.000 net cash In 5 years: home bakery, coffee
i arJor. business center of S. F. : all counter
Trade; JIOoO; double your money In 18 months;
f:on"t fail to see my agents. KREDO & DUT- '
TON. S6 Geary et
A— SAY. FISHER & CO., have you lodrin?-
! ousts ? Tea: what price? $300 up. any loca-
tion desired; 12 rooms, 1300; 10 rooms. $450; 10 i
room, new, r«00, fine; 20 rooms, bargain, $730; !
T.7 rooms, t¥'<*>, snap; all sizes, all pricei«, all
Dew barcaina; call and see us. 1032 Market.
VH have largest list of ealoons, hotels, jrro-
cvriea, cl*rar ftores, etc., In the city. Call
RCHWEZKBABO & CO.. SI7 Market st. bet-
tv.-«.fn :».fth and Slith; telephone Mint 1811.
»:;•*— RESTAURANT; near city: rnu»t sell ac-
<ount departure- CO regu'.ar boarders; part
cash If desired. M^Laughlln & Co.. 'T.% Mkt
jr.'i— SACRIFICE: cigar, stationery etore: re-
c»-!r.ts average $:0 rtay: 3 rooms: rent $15- slck-
r»-ss cause sale. SKIFF. S04 Montgomery st.
ACTIVE business man of Integrity, with mod-
erate means, for an interest in established
mintn* and real estate brokerage business -
'•fnr,» In fine building; growing business needs
mere help; state proi-er name and references
to tecure attention. Box 4477, Call office.
FOH SALE— Grocery and bar doing a good
l.usinees.. CaJl or address 81 Cedar avenue-
r.r> scents.
PLUMBING (boa, etf>ck, rhop tools, horse and
wagon for gale. Address box 4401. Call.
BARBER war.ts to buy 15-cent rhop or half ln-
downtown. Box 4415. Call office.
FHR SALH-Klondyke Oyster House; money
maker; cause rlckneiu:. IIS Third Bt. at 12 m.
PARTIES having capital to Invest In large or
email amounts can secure a permanent Invest-
ment which will pay net dividends from 15 to
40 per cent annually; fullest Investigation;
Ff-nd fcr particular*. Address Fisheries, box
Mil. Call office.
ton «ale— JKOO; an old-established horseshoe-
ing business, near city; Includes shop anJ
toole: averages 20 hortes dally; flret-cla*s
j>rlce«: pr^'tit owner wishes to retire Ad-
rir^gg box <g3. Call office, for particulars.
FOIl eaJe— Drug etore; large town; central Cal-
ifornia; finest location; new stock and fix-
ture*; good jiaying prescription business; In-
voice I2S00; low expense. E. R. C. care
Langley A- Michaels Co.. 40 First »t.
2 I'EU CCNT per month dividends; 22 000 eharea
cf oil *tock, or any part, for eale; dividends
every month; oil sold under 5 years' contract-
more wells to be drilled. Address box 4447*
Call office. ¦ - ¦ , *
FOU eale— Restaurant and bar doing a fine
business ; must J* sold this week to the hlgh-
«-M bidder; family troubles cause of sale Ad-
<1iY-f=s hex 44CS. Call office.
IIALF-IXTEUEST In patent novelty, about
f.;00 required; party must have some ability
to do outfide work. Apply J. BRAXDT. 411
Batter?- yt.
KOR sale — A rood blacksmith and horseshoeing
fhon in cood location; present owner •wlabes
to retire. Inquire ct TAYLER & SPOTS-
WOOD" 8, 123-139 Fremont rt
ron ra ie Wood »nd coal yard, with Improve-
tncnts: long len«e. 1113 Folsom tt »
Cl'JAR etand: rtatlonery: established t years;
Largaln. S29 Montgomery ave.
i:Ol r TE for «ale on Chronicle. Box 4980. Call
office.
cr>FFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
\V. CASWETX. & CO.. 412 Sacramento et
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARIOX GRIFFIX, 719 Market st, room 1.
S rooms; X. Mkt; rent $30; clean; reap.. J250
10 rooms; rent $45; extra good; refined — 600
15 rooms; A Xo. 1; clears $60; piano 1204
19 rooms; central corner: fine; bonton 1100
20 rooms; always full; rent $60; a snap.. 600
40 rooms; 3 bks N Mkt; low rent: H cash. 2700
tO rooms. 1200. 2000, 2500 (all paying) 7000
SPECIAL BARGAINS
14 rooms, corner, north of Market $560
20 rooms; $TjOO cash. bal. $10 monthly 1000
83 rooms, great sacrifice, sickness 1700
fS rooms; corner; rent $125: see It 2200
R. H. WIXSTOX & CO., 1026 Market st.
A— 22- ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house; $300 down; balance easy.. 500
20-room house; first class 1050
. 11-room house; $475; 6-room flat 325
FISHEIt & CO.. 1032 Market St.
LODGIXG-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at retiuced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and
location to suit: money loaned. SCHWEIX-
HARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. between Fifth
and Sixth; phone 1911.
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary st
$700 cash for 50 rooms; new; installments.
$200 for 14 rooms: Geary; $35 profit.
$4V» onlv for 14 rooms; Post: worth $!WC.
CAKIUAGF.S AND WAGON'S.
ALL kinds pf wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & BOX. 2117 Mission st
AX A Xo. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
XEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th te Valencia.
SPOXGE6 and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAX SPOXGE CO.. 1V> Xew Montgomery st
CAMPAIGN PHOTO UUTTONS.
MF"Y of all klnds"of" photo buttons anTjew-eiry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market st. S. P.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
rpiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.,Wed.,FrL
ev's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
CIS Eddy et. bet Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night 8 p. m.; con-
vincing test; readings dally. MRS. MAX-
WELL. 12CS Howard st.
MRS. HARLAXD'S circle to-night; prophetic
tests, 10c; business readings dally. 14S Sixth.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8 |
p. m. 14 McAllister St., rm. 33; admlslson 10c.
MME. YOUNG. 605 McAllister: convincing dem-
onstration of spirit return to-night; 10c.
MRS. STODDARD'S wonderful spirit messages.
10c; Tues. & Thurs... 8 p. m. 27S 9th: Bluings.
MRS. LESTER— Clr. Sun.. Tues.. Fri. eve..
10c: readings dally. 200 Turk st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer, eit. dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MME MVjORS. gifted fplritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
PROF. GEE. medium; test circle every night;
10c; read. $1; ladles 50c. 14S 6th. Brunswick.
MRS. J. J. WHITXEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
netm medium, life reader: slttlncs *1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant tells past. I
future: never falls; hau the greatest Egyptian j
secret; shows picture future husband or wife; j
fee 25c and up; patlsfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market Bt, bet 7th and (th. i
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant at card
reader, born with double *sll A. second al*?ht.
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles iOc;
gents $1; palm. A clair. sit $1 CO. 126 Turk st.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to & p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c uip. 17 Third St. next Examiner.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
reader, S5c up. S23 Mission st.. nr. 4th; no sign.
MME. RUTH, great prophetls card reader;
COc. 70S Ellis St.. near Larkln.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. VALEEN, clairvoyantpalmlst; card read-
er: real Egyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
MME. HAXSOX, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Plxth st, room 14.
MME. LEXEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
MME. ZEREDA. the PTpsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh; no tlgn.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2&c. 1149 Mission.
MMK. RAVEXXA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 8-Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEX you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet- Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama et; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEX'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
451 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 140 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Can>et-Beatlng Works. G. II.
STCVEXS. mp., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard, laid at 4a
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at; tel. Jessie 844.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works, S33 Golden
Gate ave.: telenhone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painle**: consult'n free. Dr.Duncan,415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — Xo cnarge un-
less successful. Room Sio. 827 Market ft
COTTAGES TO LET.
A — 5 SUNXY rooms, chicken-house, barn;
cheap. 621 Thirtieth et., near Noe.
$8— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard; respectable loca-
tion. 17CS Turk Et.. near Scott.
COTTAGK FOR SALE. '
COTTAGE of four rooms and bath In MlEsicn
district; price $1650: no agents. Apply RAB-
LIX. Fourth and Kentucky Bts. .
DENTISTS. ~~
AT th« ELECTRO-DENTAL CLIXIC. 809 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4tb. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
ISM up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSOX. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for palnlces dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fllllng-8,
COc; crown. *3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for beat crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won*
derful secret painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guarantees! ; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell Bt
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns, $3 50;
bridge work. S3: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. ( a. m. to t p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is
unexcelled, our prices are the lowest; call and
eee our samples and get our prices before go-
lnr elsewhere: be«t of references: examination
free. "Main office" Xew York Dental Parlors,
101 <t Market Et., bet fit It and 7th; elevator.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1442 Market nr. Eleventh
— Xo charge -for extracting -when plates aro
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
LOWEST prices Jn 6. F.; painless extraction,
COc. Xew York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor, tth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 2SK Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $8; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. .i..v
SETT of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUXG. 1841 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore-^
Advice and medicine, T.'.c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. TeL West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School:
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market et. \
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and MI1-
llnery School; French system. 411 van Ness.
ACCORD1OX pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market st; day
and evening; Individual Instruction. I* per
month; life scholarship. faO; bookkeeping,
ehorthand. telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriters ; commercial department enlarged
and is the best In S. F.; catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College night school opens
October 1. 72J Market st.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist; voice cuJ-
ture and piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
6horthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
ehorthand; repcrtorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.: registration.
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A-THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, . law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ALL students but two taking full course this
yetr got positions. SAX FRAXCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
EOOKKEEPIXG, free trial; private lessons; 8
moa. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$2S. TARR. expert accnt. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mliftng. mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER XAILLEX SCHOOL. 833 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkln st
MUXSOX School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIAXO and German: pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpglc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 MUslon. nr. 6th.
LE JEUXE Art and Craft School: modeling.
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
Jl-JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Waiters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Be«t help, nm O'Farrell ft.: tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid end seamstress
desires situation; test of reference. MISS
CULLEX, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation: reference; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Situation by a woman to do general
housework; city or country. Call at 915V4 Xa-
tonia st.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day
washing. Ironing or housecleanlng; $1 25 day.
Address 704H Xatoma st
WOMAX with reference desires to bo em-
ployed half days at washing or housework;
terms 50c. Address box 44S6, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
cook and willing to do any kind of work. 456
Sixth it
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work; city or Oakland. 762 Brannan st. ; no
poctals.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; Is a
good cook; city or country. 1231 Market st
A LADY from the East would like a position In
an office, copying or as seamstress In a flrst-
class hotel or Institute. Address M. F. IL,
65A Woodward ave.. city.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position to
do housework and cooking; no postal cards.
Address 614 Eecond st
WANTED— A position as first class seamstress
and light upstairs work; capable of doing
dressmaking. Call for two days. S16 Grove at.
RELIABLE girl wishes to assist in light house-
work in refined family. Call or address 1348
Hyde st. . '-
GERMAX woman wishes a few places; washing
and ironing; $1 a day and carfare. Address
Box A, Call Branch, 3G0 Hayes st.
GIRL wants situation for housework. £33 Jes-
sl» st
REFIXED lady would like situation as work-
ing housekeeper in widower's family. Ad-
dr*-?« box 4931. Call office.
XEAT Irish Protestant as nurse to a child,
plain sewing or light second work; experi-
enced: reference; no office. Box 4989, Call.
WANTED— A thoroughly competent and re-
spectable young woman wants a position as
housekeeper. Box 2023. Call office, Oakland.
WINCHESTER Houee. 44 Third Bt, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night $1 50 to $4
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrtptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A SOBER. Industrious, trustworthy and handy
man desires a situation to make himself gen-
erally useful. Box 44S0, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS o^jjfr man wants position In
larpe hotel or dHaurant. Address box 4936,
Call office.
RELIABLE man wishes position to drive deliv-
ery wagon. Address box 4479, Call office.
GERMAX carpenter, 25, with tools, wants
eteady work in factory or landlord. Address
FRET. 1118 Howard et.
WANTED— Situation as second or short-order
cook. Box 2762. Call office.
STEADY man wants position on country place
to care for horses, lawn and general work;
good references. Box 4474, Call office.
A YOUNG man (colored) would like a position
as cook: can give references; just from the
East. G. W. P.. E26»4 Pacific, st.
YOUXG man well educated In English and
German desires position; understands the
druz trade; also photographic chemistry;
well acquainted in the Orient and Eastern
States; best of references and security given.
J. KHILLIXG, liSl Valencia St.
STEADY man; 15 years' experience In orchard
and vineyard wk. ; understands handling green
and dried fruit, budding-, grafting, pruning,
etc.; used to handling men; would like man-
agement of large ranch; ref. Box 4952. Call.
STEADY young man understands care of horses
desires position as coachman or gardener;
understands milking cows; city or country;
refs. Thomas, Ahlborn House. S21 Grant ave.
WANTED— A position as Janitor by a young
man who Is honest sober and Industrious; 3
years in present place. Address J. H.. room
10. L«titla building. San Jose. Cal.
A YOUXG man, age 24, who resides with his
parents, desires a position as collector or
assistant In office work; best of reference.
Box 4990. Call office.
KIRST-CLASS florist gardener wants situation
la private family or nursery; references.
Box 3769. Call office.
LAUXDRYMAN. flret-class. wants position as
bead laundryman in hotel or Institution: city
or country. Add. Laundry, box 3777, Call.
A YOUNG man taking an advanced course In
bookkeeping would like employment evenings;
no Sunday work nor saloons. Address box
4456. Call office.
WANTED— A position to take care of garden,
horses and anything In general; good driver
or take care of an invalid. Box 4452, Call.
MAN 40 years of age, single, will take charge
' of residence; 10 years last place; best refer-
ences; bonds If required. Box 4469, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as barkeeper in
ralnon or hotel; can speak German, French
and Spanish. Address 940 Howard st
EXPERIENCED first-class gardener, 30 years'
practice, seeks position in hotel private place
¦¦ or big orchard. Address A. W.. 431 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS elevator man wants' position;
references. Box 3755, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
BXPERT OPTICIANS-
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manaaye. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
•ale. call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DKRWRITIXO CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS. HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
817 Eddy: f. 8 r $60 319U O'Farrell: h.4r.$10
1239L'v'w'th: f.9r. 37 60 4222 26th; c. 6 r 11
1207'4 Devlsadero; 6 r 25J65OA Jessie; f. 3 r. 9
1C96 Page; f. 3 r 151250 Tehama; f. 6 r... 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK &. CO., 667 Mar-
ket at. •
HARRISON. 665 — Upper 4 sunny rooms and
bath; no children.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
SINGLE lady wants small family to take part
of unfurnished flat; no children. 4059 19th st
TO LET— New flat, 4 rooms, bath and laundry.
213 Liberty st x
FLATS TO LET.
UPPER flat of 5 large sunny rooms, basement,
yard and chlckcn-house. 62 Boyce st.
UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; largo
yard. Apply 2SQ6 Howard st
3 UNFURNISHED rooms, bath and yard. Ap-
ply 923 Shotwell st.
$11—5 ROOMS and bath. 33 Norfolk st.
$15—8 ROOMS and bath; newly papered. 22 De
Boom st, off Second, aear Brannan.-
$9 50 — UPPER sunny flat, 4 rooms, yard, cellar;
water free. 1008 Xatoma St.. near Eleventh.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In" oak for $+8 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUKX1TUIIE "WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1125 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln ;tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FKMALH.
NEAT girl for upstairs work and care of a
grown child, $20: chambermaid and answer
telephone, $20; working housekeeper, Ne-
vada, $15. fare paid; restaurant cook, $35;
2 boarding-house cooks, $30 and $35. MISS
CULLEX. 325 Sutter st
COLORED girl, housework, San Rafael, $20;
colored girl, city, $20; housework, sleep home,
$20. MISS CULLEX. 325 Sutter St.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, north, $20; 2 waitresses, south,
$20; 10 waitresses, different commercial hotels,
$20 and $25: 4 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restau-
rant waitresses, $6 and $7; lunch waitresses,
no Sunday work; 2 chambermaids to wait.
$20; chambermaid, country hotel, $20; woman
cook, $40; woman cook. $30; fancy Ironers, $30;
girls to learn laundry work, good wages and
Increase; hairdresser. 3 hours day, $20 month.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Colored housekeeper, country, for widower,
Jlu; housekeeper, small American family, city,
$20; houseglrl, nice place. Redwood City, $20;
German nursccirl and German second girl,
city, $20 each; 5 other second girlsf 2 house-
girls to go south, $25 and $30, see party here;
cook and second, $50, or mother and daughter,
Fmall American family, Berkeley. C. It
HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN for washing and ironing by the day,
$1 and carfare. 2 days' work a week. C. R.
HANSKN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
2 NEAT young salesladies for candy store, $7
week and increase; also young glrlB for candy
factory, $4 week to begin, no office fee. C.
R. HANSEX & CO.. 104 Goary st-
WANTED— German second girl. $25; second
girl, Menlo Park. $25; San Rafael. $20; second
Klrl and nurse, $25; French second girl, $25;
German- cook $30, second girl $25, san^s place,
country; German nurse, $20; 4 second girls,
$20. $25; 2 parlor maids, San Mateo, $25; 4
waitresses, $20, fare paid. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WAXTED— Salesladies for millinery: city ex-
perience preferred. Apply to Manager Milli-
nery Department, The Emporium and Golden
Rule Bazaar.
WAXTED— Millinery salesladies for trimmed
hats; only those with first-class city experi-
ence; long season. Box 4483, Call office.
XROXEBS.
First-class Ironers, also girls to learn Iron-
ing, "and machine operators wanted Immedi-
ately at La Grande Laundry. 228 Twelfth st;
good wages, short hours.
GIRL for light housework; wages $12 to $15.
1821 Point Lobos ave.. bet. 7th and 8th ave.
WANTED— Second cook. 207 Third st.
COMPETENT young woman for cooking and
general housework. Apply Immediately, room
313. Call building.
GIRL. 14 or 15 years old, to help In family of
3 adults. Call 911 Steiner st
TAILORESS wanted for the country; a vest-
maker who can also help on coats. Apply to
STEIX, SIMOX & CO.. Market and Second.
GERMAN girl to assist In housework. 3S6
Utah at., near Seventeenth, forenoon.
VEST hands who also know how to make but-
ton-holes; J8 to t!2. 6U Stevenson St.
FIHST-CLABS Urfloress on coats; also an ap-
prentice wanted; call Tuesday morning. J.
ASHER. 455Vi Minna st.
WAXTED— An errand girl. GOLDSTEIX &
CO., 733 Market st.
WAXTED— Young girl for light housework.
Call 2030 Mission at
YOUXG girl or middle-aged woman for down-
stairs work. Apply 600 Oak st
A GOOD, strong girl wanted at 503 Guerrero st,
near Seventeenth.
WAITRESS wanted. 615 Valencia et.
TAILOREES wanted on coats. »72 Stevenson st
XEAT young girl to assist with housework.
Arply afterjf. H21 Pout st. •
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole worker on custom
coats; hleh wages. 135 Stockton st
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Call
2303 Van Ness ave.. before noon.
WAXTED— A German or Scandinavian girl for
cooking; »25; 3 In family. 512 Van Xess av».
GIRL to assist with housework. 350 Duncan
Et, between 27th and 28th.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework;
wages J10. 7S7 Stevenson Bt. off Xlnth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist housework;
good home. 1915V4 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for housework. 1279 O'Farrell st
WAXTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. 8. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory.
32H Fremont St.: no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS. ¦
AA— EXPERIENCEDoperatorson Singer chaln-
stltch machine; electric power; also learners;
steady work guaranteed. Pacific Xeckwear
Mfg. Co.. 16 Butter st.
AA— EXPERIENCED hands to finish and neat
girls to learn; men's silk neckwear; steady
work guaranteed. Pacific Neckwear Mfg. Co.,
16 Slitter st.
STRONG, active girls to learn fancy Ironing;
$1 per day and up. St. Nicholas Laundry,
Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
GIRL or woman for light housework, $15. 2427
Butter st... near Broderick.
WANTED — Good German cook; none other need
apply; good situation; good wages. Inquire
evenings at 1815 California st. between
Franklin and Gough.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st
¦WANTED — By a wholesale house, a midd4e-
aged, responsible woman. to travel; permanent
position for right party. Box 4460, Call office.
VEST operator; buttonhole maker; also ap-
prentlces; steady work. H. HILP, 106 Battery.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and i vests,
paid while learning. E41 Market Bt.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery, C36
Clay gt. ¦ -
WANTED — 'Women and girls to work on fruit.
' 1731 Folsom Bt, between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia 8t
HELP WANTED—MALE.
10 LABORERS for mine and smelter, $2 50
day; 6 laborers for sawmill and woods, $2S
and found; 10 laborers for "factory work, $2
day; first-claps carpenter, $3 50 day; stable-
man, country, $30: man and wife, private
family. $M; gardener, private family. $30;
laundryman and wife; pondman, $30; black-
smith., country shop; bench hands for mill;
stlckerman; coopers, $35; boys for box fac-
tory, |1 day; fruit pickers, grape pickers and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento sf
MAX and wife, small ranch: short distance;
$50. Apply MRS. XORTOX. 313 Sutter st
WANTED— Steady man with $150 to tak« Inter-
est In old established commission business
that will pay $75 per month the year round.
. * Apply 1016 Market st, room 10.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & >READY.... PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
..WANT. 7 a. m. TO-DAY
FREE. .WE ..SHIP ..EVERYBODY ..FREE
To All Parts of California, Utah. Nevada.'
NUMBER. WAXTED AT WAGES.
154— Nevada, Truckee, Lake View.. $41 and fd
16— Los Angeles. Santa Barbara {2 day
24— Redding. Shasta, Fresno $1 &0 day
118— Surf. Soda Springs, Salt Lake $2 day
64— Dixon, Elmlra and Bakersneld..$l 70 day
163— For nineteen different divisions.... ?2 day
FREE FARE.... OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READY.
4:v : --- 634-636 Clay Bt.
CLASSES OF HELP.
A— NUMBER. WANTED. W^AGES.
Blackrmith-helper, sawmill compy..$50 and fd
Stenographer and typewriter $30 and fd
Steel bridge men $3 50 day, free fare
6— Blacksmiths $15 and found
7— Scsh and door makers, shingle Joint-
ers, crosscut sawyers $2 50 to $3 day
18— Laborers to work at mines $42 and fd
12— Miners, slnsle-hand work $60
82— Farm, orchard, vineyard hands.. $26 and fd
18— Milkers and butter-makers,. ..?30 and fd
£ — Farmers and wives, furnace-man....
: $40 and found
12— Teamsters, road work $32 and fd
15— Men to ride horses $45 and fd
19— Stablemen, city and country... $35 and fd
IS — Choremen and boys, come see.. $25 and fd
150— Men for Humboldt County $18 and fd
129 — Scraper teamsters, all parts. ...$35 and fd
19— Driller3. brickeetters, etc $2 50 day
1S3— Laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some in city ..$1 75 to$2 50 day
4 — Boatmen, beef luggers, stonemasons,
$3 day
19— Tailors, firemen, men for wine cellars,
bakers' and coal wagons, etc
$2 to $2 50 day
297— Jobs not advertised, come eee $2 60 day
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKIXG.
191— Men or boys to pick fruit, work In
packing-houses, etc., you'll suit....
$30 and found
SAWMILLS, WOODS, ETC.
94 — Laborers to work In woods, mills,
yards, wharves, 15 different Jobs,
free {30 to $40 and found
J— Ironmolders $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY,
¦ 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHERS.
LAUNDRY DEPARTMEXT
Second ccok, mines, $40 and found, fare paid
28 cooks $50. $60. $40, $30 and found
19 waiters $35. $30. $25. $20 and found
32 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
12 bakers' assistants.... $40, {35. $30 and found
12 laundrymen $40. $35. $30. $23 and found
Butcher for Institution
Candymakera; porter help for institution
6 butchers $35. $50 and $60
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WAXTED — A carload of teamsters and labor-
ers for railroad work In State of Xevada, $2 a
day, free fare, ship this afternoon. C. R.
1IAXSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HAXSEX & CO.'S. 104 Geary St.
Wanted for railroad work, free fare
100 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 laborers for the S. P. Co.'s own camps
on different divisions
25 laborers for ballasting gang, for S. P.
Co., at Truckee
30 laborers for rock crusher for S. P. Co. at
Truckee
Fee $1 Ship Dally Free Fare
50 tunnelmen for the big tunnel at Chats-
worth Park. Los Angeles Co., $2 to $2 GO a day
FREE FARE
20 laborers for the S. P. Co.'s own work, at
Surf, Santa Barbara Co., $2 a day, free fare..
___ *•
30 laborers to build a large dam, long Job,
$2 50 a day, see boss here this morning
3 carpenters to build flumes, $3 a day. board
$4 a week, fare paid both ways; 2 carpenters.
Napa Co., $3 a day, board $3 50 a week
10 sawmill laborers, $28 and board; 3 Inger-
soll drillers, $3 a day; butter-maker and milk-
er. Sonoma Co., $30. see party here; black-
smith, country shop, {2 50 a day; pond man,
country sawmill, $30; stableman, country, $30.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef. $125: second, $75: night cook. $65. for
first-class restaurant, north: broiler. $63; 2
sausage-makers, country shops, $40; head
cook. $55: dishwasher, J25, same country ho-
tel; 10 hotel and restaurant waiters, $25 to
$35
Porter and runner, country hotel, S25: 2 up-
stairs porters, $20. C. R. HANSEX & CO.,
104 Geary st.
A— WAXTED
FREE FARE FREE FARE
10 laborers for sawmill $30
10 laborers for woods $30
10 laborers for R. R. in woods $30
; Year's Job
10 teamsters for vineyard t2o
4 farmers, near city $26
2 leamsters. 10 hours a day $26
2 laborers, 10 hours a day $26
Woodchopper: free fare
2 brick masons $4 a day
4 carmen for mine $2 a day
Second lunch counter man i $35
• 4 dishwashers $30 and $25
. Dairyman, light place $25
Saloon porter $25 and board
Choreboy; private place $15
Man for light work. 5 hours per day, $10 per
month and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 613
Clay st.
GARDENER
Vegetable gardener, short distance in coun-
try'. $35 and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st. ¦
BAKER — Bread and cake baker for country
shop; *50 and found. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jesste 1J2.
JOURNBYMra BARBERS' UNION meets to-
nlsht, 102 O'Farrell st. I. LESS, secretary.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced porter; one
who understands cleaning show windows and
glass of all kinds. Apply Box 44S4. Call office.
JOE— Set* personal column to-day's Call.
LOTTIE.
WAXTED— Good barber: steady Job; short
hours. 503 Washington st
WANTED— Good barber at 203% East st; 15-
cent shop. ¦-¦'¦!
BARBER for evening, Saturday and Sunday.
S17 Lasruna st
WANTED—A barber for Wednesday. Saturday
and Sunday. 1157 Dupont st. near Green.
BARBER wanted. B04 Valencia st.
WANTED— Barber at 39tf Turk at., corner
Taylor.
WANTED — Shoe cutters, fitter and bottomers.
Wentworth-Switzer Shoe Co.. 119 Pine st.
STEADY cook, wages $40 a month. In a res-
taurant. 1759H Mission st
PRESS boys wanted to work In can factory.
Apply 434 Jackson St.
BOY to drive wagon; assist fruit store; refer-
ences. 1606 Post st
FIRST-CLASS rmlnters and tlnters wanted.
Apply 1614 Market st.
BOY for drug store; $2 BO week. Apply box
E00O. Call Office.
WANTED— First-class, sober bedmaker. Call
at 9 o'clock at 149 Third St.,
GOOD tinsmith or lampraaker at Bauer Lamp
and Reflector Co., 525 Mission st.
BUSHELMAN and pressman wanted at room
1001. Palace Hotel.
WANTED— Bedmaker at 32 East st, Dewey
House.
YOUXO butcher wanted. Call at 3035 Sacra-
mento st
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 223 Brannan
street. -
WANTED — Coatmaker or general tailor. MIK-
KELSEN & BERRY. 2124 Center. Berkeley.
YOUNG man for palntlns; some experience.
636V& Jessie st. ; call 7 to 8 o'clock.
WANTED — First-class marker and distributor.
Apply at once, Vallejo Steam Laundry Com-
pany, Vallejo.
TAILORS— A pantsmaker wanted for a good
place in the country. Apply to STTHX, SI-
MON & CO.. Market and»Second Bts.
APPRENTICE wanted; 1 year's experience in
barber business.- Box 4181, Call office.
NEAT small boy wanted; wages $2 CO per
week. 110 Sutter St., top floor.
WANTED— Strong- boy to carry a morning pa.-
oer. Apply at 111 Morris ave., bet 7 and
9:30 a. m.
GOOD tailor's cutter for first-class trade; must
have about $100q[ Box 4402. Call office.
WANTED— A young waiter at 12 East at;
German preferred.
WANTED— A gardener to work In nursery^
also strong boy to help. 215 Hayes et
PAIXTERS— 2 good stage hands. Twenty-third
mid Xoe sts.
WAXTED— Boy to assist In grocery and take
care of horse; country boy preferred. Apply
Tlsche's grocery, comer Twenty-sixth and
Sanchez ets.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 565 Sixth st; call
early. ¦
FIRST-CLASS bootblack for barber shop; $10
per week. 23S.O'FnrrelI Bt
YOUNG man to wash dishes and wait at table.
258 First st.
BOOTBLACK: can make about $10 a week,
with room. 947 Flllmore st.
LUNCH waiter. 236 Townsend st.
PAIXTERS wanted at 2906 Sixteenth st, near
Howard. '
WANTED— 2 or 3 chair barber shop In a live
country town. Box 4483.' Call office.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
MEN wanted for 'the United* States Xavy—
Machinists, first class, age 21 to 33, pay per
month J35: machinists, second class, age 21
to 35. pay per month 140; electricians, third
class, age a to 35. pay per month *30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), a«e 21 to 36, pay per
month. $25; seamen, age 21 to 35, pay per
month, $24; ordinary seamen, age IS to 30.
pay ier month $19; landsmen, ago IS to 25,
pay per month $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17. pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to bo free from dls-
cualifyine ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination in electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must bo carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the
physical examination only. The term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
re-endist within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge ho will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enlistment Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis in addition to
Day. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of th© pay
received at date of retirement. It Is the de-
sire of the Xavy Department to obtain a
larsre number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will ba given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they aro
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will 'make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase In ths number
of petty officers, who will bo advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ao-
cepted will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel; apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion. San Francisco. Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S. Xaval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets,
San Francisco, Cal.
AN experienced telephone Inspector and
"trouble" man can find permanent position
with Capital Telephone and Telegraph Com-
pany, Sacramento; must be thoroughly corn-
Detent
2 BARBERS for country; wages $17; car fare
paid. Apply Immediately. H. BERNARD, 104
Seventh st
WANTED— Younr man to drive milk wagon;
reference. 4X6 Tenth st
DISHWASHER wanted. 1M2 Kentucky st
WANTED — First-class cook wanted for hotel
restaurant; no baking: wages $60 per month
and found. Address box 10, Wadsworth. Nev.
WAXTED— FlrBt-class bread and cake baker
for new bakery; wages $45 per month and
found, to begin with. Address Reception Ho-
tel Bakery. Wadsworth. Xev.
WAXTED — Experienced veterinary to go on
transport to China. Apply to W. R. GRACE
& CO.. 234 California St.
WANTED— Reliable baker; business Interest
given right man. Box 4403. Call office.
WAXTED— Printer to set straight type; male
or female. 1139 Market St.
BOOTBLACK: steady Job; must be first class.
Call The Modern. 34 Fourth st.
BRIGHT boy to go errands after school at <2S
Montgomery st, room 33, top floor.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 33, citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service In Philippines. For Information
apply to- Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
BARBER shop for sale; also bootblack wanted.
1026 Hyde st.
FOR BALE — A good paying 1-chalr barber
shop; cheap. Inquire at 10S3 Market st
14 MEX to work on ships; good wages. At
HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart st.
FOR sale — A 3-chalr barber shop, on account of
going East. 14 Turk st.
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop for sale cheap; has
other business. 3142 Twenty-fourth st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; going
to Europe. 36 Market st.
MESSENGER boy; apply In own handwriting;
stcte age and give references. P. O. box 2048.
WAXTED— Good cabinet maker and carpenter;
steady Job. Address box 1S47. Call office.
GET your shoes half soled whll« waiting; C5c
to 50a SC2 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WAXTED— A baker's helper, conscientious and
trustworthy. Box 4453. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, ha!:
price. £62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d f.*.
WANTED — Boy to work In an upholstery shop.
2304 Fillmore st.
LIXDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
.Rooms, lac to 25c night; 73c to $2 per week.
WAXTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. IT. S. Xavy: able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than S feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writ*
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K st.
Sacramento. CaL. or 1C5S J st.. Fresno. Cal.
STICKER, matcher and planer hands wanted
In San Francisco manufacturing establish-
ment: steady employment all year round to
suitable men: wages $3 to $3 SO per day. Box
4968, Call office.
WAXTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per ntsht; $1 to $2 per week.
MEX wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WAXTED — Salesman for Jewelry store; mu.t
work evenings; state salary and references.
Box 4?S5. Call office.
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
WAXTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard at.
BOYS with experience at underpresslng on
pants and vests. 541 Market st.
WAXTED— A man ttiat understands florist and
nursery business. 500 Halght st
BOYS wanted. SAX FRAXCISCO AND PA-
CIFIC GLASS WORKS. 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary, seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steiiart
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
teenth st.. near Guerrero.
MEX and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard it.
PENSION'S— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 1«
years' practice: Examiner building.
WIXCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia at.
HORSES, LIVB STOCK, Ctc — For SaL7
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BEAUTIFUL span white Panama pacing
ponies: can be seen at Nevada stables except
bet. 1 and 2 p. m., while driving in Park.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S stables. 57 Minna St., bet
First and Second sts.
BARGAIX — Fine business horse and buggy.
4 Geary court, bet Jones and Leavenworth.
FOR sale— Several fresh cows and some sprlng-
ers. J. F. PERRLE. Angel Island.
A NICE driving mare; age 7 years, from coun-
try. 18 Clay St.
HOUSES TO 1,BT.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 8 sunny rooms and bath: latest lm-
proved yard: rent $26. 1717 Laguna st.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Lady's gold watch and chain, diamond !
locket; key winder. Finder will please re- j
turn to 1612 Baker st. and receive liberal re- |
ward. •_ j
LOST— Purse. September 23, on 8 a. m. Fruit- j
vale local, containing ring and money; re- \
ward. Address box 2027. Call. Oakland. ;
LOST— Sunday evening, between 7 and 8. corner !
Ellis and Powell, on westbound Ellls-st car. :
lady's long black featyr boa. Return ZSS
Fell St.: reward.
LOST— A gentleman's gold watch, on return
train of J. B. excursion. San Jose to S.
F.: initials D. O. Please return to BEN OSS-
WALD. 1308 Pacific; no questions asked; bis
reward.
LOST— Sept 23. on 1:SO Oakland local, or at
Seventh at. and Broadway, a lady's double
wach fob. Return to 45 Mead ave.. Oakland,
or 238 Shotwell St., S. F. ; reward.
LOST — A Great Dane; black, white mark on
chest. Return 1826 Ellin st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— Poodle pup with yellow ears, collar
and bell.' on Sutter st.. between Laguna and
Buchanan; reward. Return 1810% Post st
1 LOST AXD J_gj-2*P; A.
LOST— A 1-rown water sainiel; short tall. R«l^
turn and receive rewaroi 41Th> Seventeenth st
LOST— On Saturday night, trold watch with
monogram on back X. R. : gold fleur de 11s
pin with pearls attached. JJberal reward it
returned !o i;i6 Post st.
LOST— Slh'"r skye terrier: Post and Taylor
sts.: llbei'U reward. 60S PoM sr
FOUXI>— 12th lnst.. Spitz dog. Owner can have
same by - proving property and paying ex-
penses. .Apply from & to 9 a m.. 5 to 6 p. m.
Pioneer ?oda Works. 1355-15T.7 Mission st.
LOST— Hnfjlish pug; scar on one ear. Liberal
reward If returned to fi6 Pine st.
LOST— Blaik cocker spaniel dog. Return to K3
Pine St., .oom 7: reward.
.MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGSWORTIJ. assistant to Dr. A. B.
AVlllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40. St.
Ann's bulldln;: hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
-MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 122S Market— Ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at offlc»: ladies treated can return
home same day; IIIXDO HERB home cure;
any one can use It: perfectly harmless: horns
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DR. O. W. O'DONXEL-fc the world-renowneit
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b-»
used at home; consul tat!' - free. After all
others fall call on him. 1K3H Market st.
DRS.GOODWIX. well known ladles' specialists.
have returned from Europe; safs and reliable:
cure Jo; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. T. ; maternity
home: low fees. 1007H Market st. near Sixth.
XO TOT KEE. Chinese doctor: cures conaump-'
tic a, cancer, catarrh, etc.. all diseases treat*
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento ct. corner I'eamy.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 31S Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialists: 25 yrs.-
practice; home In confinement: treatment •vS
office. J5; any aliment: consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEX. 1033 Market— Ladles' special-
ist: home In confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
MRS. CR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. Jo; positive cure.^448 Eddy. nr. Levnwrt.i
DR. and. MRS. M. WEGEXER— Private horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate av«.
DR. WOXO HIM. herb doctor, treats a'.l dis-
rarrn of the human body. IIS Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAX, 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back ban. mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a larse stock of saloon outfits on hand;
33 complete outfits on our fioor. ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOOXAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.
above Sixth: writs for catalogue.
A— J3 50 DERBT and Fe<iora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FIXE suit $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTH I XG PARLORS. 427 Montgomery at.
FOR sale— Property of th« Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated In Nevada
County, 15 miles north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims; 8-stamp quartz mill: ditch and hoist -
lnir works complete. For further particulars
Inoulrs of A. MEISTER, 914 Xlnth st, Sac-
ramento. Cal. •
FOR SALE. ~~ '
The submerged four-masted eteel ship. Ande-
lara. lying In Taeoma harbor, also scows,
lighters, shears, diving gear, engines, cab!-*
and other wrecking appliances. Address all
communications to C L. PARKER, Secretary.
rooms 40-41. Haller block. Seattle. Wash.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. Z1H Spear st.
FOR sale— Cheap, a 58 electric Hunt hath cabi-
net, or will rent. E. F. HEXZEL. corner
Point Lobos and Fifth aves.
FOR sale— Cheap, a new 38 Majestic rang*,
with steam table, heater and cooker. E F.
HEXZEL. cor. Point Lobos and Fifth aves.
STEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
. oil; cheao: all -«haDes: second hand. H. S.
WHITE. 51S Mission st.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER entrine. boiler. 2 drill
! air compressor. JARDIXES. 220 Fremont st.
NATIONAL cash register, nearly new, fur
sale, cheap, at 412'4 Sixth st.
FINE bred fresh Jersey cow and calf. Inquire
at Xucleus Stable. 130 Stevenson st
SAFES— New and second hand. TUB 1IER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Eurke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
FULL line camera-* nn<l photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bids.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for «2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
10-TON' Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof rafe. 21S California st.
2D-HAND photoirraptiic and magic lantern out-
flts bought. soM. exchanged. \W Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern encrtnes and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— New and second hand: all size*. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1^9-ltl Market St., San Fran.
MISCBLLA>BOV.<t WAST9,
WANTED— Schooner, between 30 and W tons
net; state full particulars. Address THO3. •
McCARTT. 19C3 India St.. San Diego. f^
WAXTED— to rent a bathhouse. Box 3774. Call
office.
LADIES' and gentV cast-off clothing bought A
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIX still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessta 141.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothlmc
cull on B. CnHTlV 1'? ThlM: tel. Black 41^.
•MONEY TO LOAN.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages -.
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by. HERMAN MURPHY. <30 Market.
A XT amount at 6 per cent; l3t. 2<J and 3d mort-
pares, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
AXT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 18, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAX & OLSEX.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HKSTIIAL. 10 Sixth:
highest prlcefor old gold, silver. diamonds; will
be open Monday. Sept. 24. Jewish new year.
A— J30«,0CO OX city and country real estate an4
laterali J. BROWXSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
OX furniture and plants without removal : nuicle
service; money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
88 and S3. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds, .swest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993. A>
$ax) COO AT « per cent In sums to suit In city:
also $150,000 on larxe ranches: also on second
mortgages. R. J. MEKCF.R & SON. 4U Ping.
AXY amount by private party en furniture and
planes: no removal: low rates: confidential.
tlONELLI. 801 Jones at., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with:
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPAXT. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
MOKITT loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
MONEY to loan en furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market at. rocm 1.
OX furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tcusley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
C\SH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bulldinjr.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
misslon: private. LICK. 118 McAllister st
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
I'.nraer. S. F. Discount Agency. 113 Phelan big.
MUSICAL IXSTnpiEXTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY It CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every gradw to select from;
beautiful new uprights $8 canh. 1« per month;
some good pianos for J3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWj&i
DEALKRS. corner Kearny and SuUer Ms?/
Ean Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
DON'T fall to see the beautiful Decker ft Bon
baby grands Just received, at MAUVAIS". 78a
Market st They are ths best ever shown In
the city.Davidson Is Arraigned.
Frank F. Davidson, the conductor on a
Folsom-street car, charged with assault
to murder for stabbing John Duffey, a
passenger, Sunday night, was instructed
and arraigned in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday. By consent the case was con
tinued till September 28 to be set.
The night school of the Young Men's
Christian Association reopened last night
for the season. Over 200 young men were
enrolled, and Secretary McCoy hopes to
have three or four hundred before the
close of the term. An interesting address
was delivered en the work of the Young
Men's Christian Association night schools.
Night School Reopened.
Colonel E. A. Denicke is about to make
a trip to the Orient, accompanied by Mrs.
Denicke. He goes on a novel mission. His
purpose i3 to create a market in oriental
countries for California asphalt. This ma
terial is used for making roads and floors,
coating piles and many other purposes.
There is no native asphalt iu any consider
able quantity in the lands to which Colonel
Denicke is going. Neither is there any
supply from Europe or any part of the
United States that can compete with the
output of California. "A company has
been organized . to exploit the - asphalt
among the Chinese, Japanese and other
peoples to be visited. Henry Bruner and
Charles Martin of this city, A. Tognazzini
of San Luis Oblspo and Colonel Denicke
are principally concerned in a financial
Vf&y. {
Colonel Denicke says that if the oriental
peoples take kindly to California asphalt
great benefit will accrue to this State.
The company that he goes abroad to rep
resent has a mine in Santa Barbara Coun
ty that has been estimated to contain at
least one and a quarter 'millions of tons
of asphalt. This Is very valuable and will
bring in many millions if it can all be
sold.
The only deposits of asphalt in the
United States of any considerable size,
outside of California, are found in Ken
tucky, and these are not able to offer any
real competition to California. The sig
niiicance of this is that if it is possible
to find the expected market in the East
ern hemisphere, It will always belong to
this State and be a source of continued
and large income for many years. Pro
fessor L.awson. viewing the asphalt de
posits of Santa Barbara County, saM that
thev were the only ones that he had ever
seen where the asphalt was in regular
strata. Colonel Denicke may be absent
several months. He will depart about the
middle of October and will remain abroad
long enough to thoroughly canvass the
field In the Orient.
Millions of Tons of Valuable Mate
rial Protnise to Bring Reve
nue From Asiatic
Peoples.
Colonel Denicke to Start on
Novel Mission to the
Far East.
TO INTRODUCE
ASPHALT INTO
THE ORIENT
The great estate of Membland Hall in
England, the seat of the late Lord Revel
stoke, has changed --hands again and the
lands, which formerly belonged to a
banker peer, are now in the hands of Wil
liam Cresswell Gray, the great ship
builder, who has laid, out a large sum of
money on the property. It is a magnificent
estate, which cost Lord Revelstoke more
than $1,250,000. It has. been visited by
royalty many times, and its marine drivo
of some-nine miles In length is of great
beauty.— Detroit Free Press.
" One of England's Landmarks.
One day during Grant's Presidency he
came into the room where his Cabinet was
assembling, quietly laughing to himself. "I
have just read," said he, "one of the best
anecdotes I' have ever met. It was that
John Adams, after he had been President,
was one day taking a party out to dinner
at his home in Quincy, when one of his
guests noticed a portrait over the door and
Bald, 'You have a fine portrait of Wash
ington there, Mr. Adams.' 'Yes,' was the
reply, -'and that old wooden head made
his fortune by keeping his mouth shut '
and Grant laughed again with uncom
mon enjoyment. The apocryphal story
gained a permanent interest in Grant's
mouth, for though he showed no con
sciousness that It could have any appli
cation to himself, he evidently thought
that 1 keeping the mouth shut was not
enough* of itself to insure fortune, and
at any rate was not displeased at finding
such a . ground of* sympathy with the
Father of his" Country. Grant's telling
the story seemed to me. under the cir
cumstances. Infinitely more amuslngr than
the original.— J.-D. Coxe In Scribner's.
General Grant's Reticence.
A weird story Is told of a man by the
name of Van Bosboom, who Is distin
guished in the Transvaal aa the best shot
in the republic. He i9 now 55 years old
and never, it is claimed, has he missed an
object at ! which he fired. A few months
ago he had a productive gold mine and a
flourishing family, but he lost hia mine re
cently, and 8<Jon after his two sons were
Blaln as they were fighting against the
English. The loss of his mine troubled
him little, but when. he learned that his
stalwart sons were ! no more a great
change came over him. He took hia old
flintlock rifle, which he calls Lobengula,
and with a bag of golden bullets he went
to the front to fight the foes of his coun
try. And it Is said that during the recent
battles when the ambulances removed
each day those who had fallen In battle
the physicians could readily pick out the
officers who had been killed by Van Bos
boom, for, .instead of two ounces of lead
or steel, they had two ounces of gold
either in the heart or In the forehead.
Whether this be truth or fiction I know
not, but I do know that there are multi
tudes of men and women who are shot to
death in these days, not only In South
Africa, but in Kurope and America as
well, by the bullets of gold.— Womiletlc
RevloW.\ :¦'¦;: i -:¦!
The Gold Bullet
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
R Quatcrmasf, S Diepe
Mrs QuatermaRH, S Die
C Baker, San Diego
A L Howard, Sn Mateo
H Smith & w.Sn Mateo
H H Hicobs. Coluea
E Pickering. Fresno
R R Brinson, Fresno
E J Hogan, Seattle
E J Crawford Cincln
P Graham. Salinas
J D Peters. Salinas
E Gale & w, Eureka
I Hutch & w, Eureka
Mrs Johnson, Chicago
Miss Johnson. Chicago
Miss M Jewell. Chicago
N M Anderson. Benlcia
C Williams, Jack.«onvll
A. Hughes, Jacksonville
EJ Lorentz, Aurora
I A Downey. Hastings
F C Drost, Seattle
J Wyatt, Seattle
M Daly & w, Minn
C Watklns & w. Nome
T Buckmaster&w.Whit
T Buckmaster, Whittier
Mrs Buckmaater.Whltt
MIfs Buckmaster.Whltt
C Buckmaster Whittler
G Buckmaster. Whittier
K Buckmaster, Whittler
I D GUchriBt. Seattle
E Maxim, Seattle
Mrs Nicholson, Englnd
Mrs M Early, Victoria
A McDonald. Chicago
W Watt & w, Chicago
M Hoorm, Portland
P Johnson, Portland
J Qulnn, B C
J W Griffin. B C
C B Elliott. N Mex
Rev P C Garcia. X M
D W Young. Astoria
S Dougherty, Astoria
F C Buehhegger, Astor
Miss B RIcotte. Grub G
Miss M Ricotte.Grub G
T Hollmier, Grub Glch
G Ferris, Grub Gulch
P J Murtha, China
D Donohue, Grub Glch
U McFarland. Grub G
GRAND HOTEL
S S Holl. Sacto
W W Whiting. Sltka
J M Canty, Grayeon.
J Kullman, Benlcia
B Fassett, Benicia
J Cope. Santa Cruz
J K Remington, Bnc
H T Smith. S Lorenzo
D Levy, Williams '
F E Curtis. Williams
W II Whybark & wf,
Ashland
E A Stuart, Seattle
Mrs W S Green. Colsa
E Freund. Crockett "
M II Miller, Sacto
E H Fish, Albion
J D Davenport, Cal
D E McKinlay, Cal
J F Coonan, Eureka ;
C H Itowell. Fresno
A K Iloze, Los Ang
F G King, Denver
H B Reed, Portland
R Conn & w, Denver
H Trenwlth. Portland
L F Wiley, Humboldt
D C Mitchel, S Iilna
O P Wilson, Clnn
Mrs G F Trenwlth. SB
Miss Trenwlth. S Brbr
Miss D Trenwlth. S Br
W F Lutz, Santa Ana
H Benson, Klamath F
S Rummelsbergr, Kt>wk
C E Stephens. L Ang
J Mclntyre, Sacto
C H Nlelson. Vacavlll
F M Smith, Vacavllle
Mrs R A Battenfleld,
Oroville
G E Kennedy, Ltvrmr
M Rosencrantz, Brlgtn
J M Hartley, Vacavlle
Mrs D Grant. Toronto
Mrs M A Oliver, Cal
Miss J V Oliver. Cal
H B Catton, Seattle
F S Vedder, Fresno
E Whltaker. Vancovr
Miss Whltaker, Vancr
Mrs It G Green. B C
Miss K Breen, Victoria
V W Miller. Carson
Mrs J A Apsley, Oakl
L J Abrams, Stockton
G 8 McKenzie, Napa
II L Emery, Laurel
J B Cooper. H Springs
II K Rodgers, S Jose
L Du Pont Syle. Bkly
Mrs Du Pont Syle. Bk
J R Fraser, Elmira
PALACE HOTEL
Dr^S Taylor & w,
Llvermore
H B Wood & w. Cal
B F Logan, L/Oulsville
P V Harrigan. N Y
Mrs M M Goldman. NY
Miss E Frohman. N Y
8 H Adams. Stanford
P K. Oilman. Stanford
G B Culver. Stanford
C E Gilman. Stanford
E V Kelly. Berkeley
W A Foster. S Rafael
P II MacLymont. Cal
W L Hardlson. Los A
S Ullmann. N Y
Mrs Plummer. N Y
C \V Otis, Wash D C
"W L Vischer, Chicago
W R Blouzn.'Fa
II Metzger, Portland
T H Velmes, Pasadena
It M Adams. Los Ang
P II I^acy, Los Ang .
E E Chapman, Los A
C R Young. Los Ang
W H Stlmson. Los A
J A Cole. Victoria.
F Underbill, S Barbara
C L Tutt, Colo
Mrs A M Gall, Cal
E Miller. Visalla
Miss L Hoe. N Y
Miss P W Folks. X T
Miss Saunili.TS. S Jose
Miss Outhout, Fresno
Miss E N Outhout, Cal
A Lobensteln, Germny
X O Mulfan K w. L, A
I Edeaheimer. N T
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.
13
(T3 r I'"r!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 1209 Mission street, thence to Mls-
sion Dolores Church,' corner of Sixteenth and
" I>jlores streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated tor the repose of
his soul, comirenoing Et 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
WILSON — In this city. September 22. 1900.
Emily Josephine Wilson, widow of the lata
fc'amuel M. Wilson, and mother of John Scott
Wilson. Russell J. Wilson. Frank P. Wilson
and Mountford S. Wilson, a native of St.
Genevleve, Mo., aged 70 years 7 months and
12 days.
(CT'Tho funeral services will be held this
day (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at Grace Church,
comtr of Stockton and California streets. In-
terment rrlvate.
E3"Frlends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany," 2125 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Plymouth. Amador County, to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 3 o'clock.
WALSH— In this city, September 24, 1800. Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Lizzie Walsh,
a native of Fannough, County Cork, Ireland,
aced 12 years. •
E7There will be a requiem mass for»thc
repose of his soul, at St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue, to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 10 o'clock.
TOWNS— In this city, September 23. 1900.
James, infant son vf John Joseph and Mary
Towns, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
deys.
VANDERFOOL-In this city, September 22,
1500, Grace C, wife of John A. Vanderpool.
mother of Lois B., Harding F. and Sarah
May Vanderpool, daughter of E.fward A. and
Lois B. Falvey. and sister of Mrs. Julia C.
Hunting and Bessie G. Falvey, a native of
Hanson, Mass., aged 33 years 10 months and
6 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- this day
(Tuesday), at 9:43 o'clock, from the parlors
of the "California Undertaking Company. 4C5
Powell street, near Post, thence to St, Bren-
dan's Church, corner of Fremont and Harri-
son streets, for services, commencing- at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carrlajres.
TOBIN— In this city, September 24. 1900. Alfred,
son of Mary A. Tobln and the late Richard
Tobln. a native of San Francisco.
1 C5"Frlenda arc respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late" residence, 1212
Washincton street.
SEAVEY— In this city, September 23. 1900, Ann.
beloved wife of the late Frank Seavey, and
mother of Mrs. Rose Neary and Mrs. Mary
Galnes. and sister of Mrs. Eliza McDonald,
a native cf the City of Cork. Ireland.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from San Leandro.
TROVIXES— At her home, in this city, Septem-
ber 23. 1900, Elizabeth Agnes Provlnes (nee
Sharpies), wife of Robert R. Provincs, and
mother of Archibald Clavering Gunter.
E7Frlend3 and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 620 Sixth street, between Bryant
and Branr.an. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
MORRISON— In San Leandro, September 24.
Susan, beloved wife of Nell George Morrison,
and mother of George, Maggie, Edward and
Minnie Morrison, and eister of Alix Reed,
a native of Dundee, Scotland, aged 57 years.
of William. Richard and Minnie McKeown
and Mrs. ¦William Francis, a native of Ira-
land. A member of Yerba Buena Lodge No.
1788. K. of H.
BAH.BOAD TKAVEL.
wwtiTiir.itx rmnc coiiimm.
.,'¦••• |P*Cir«C HTH'tCJI.)
Train* !»•«»•• mii<I nrr <li»«- •« nrrli* •»«
(Main Li.->c. Fool of Sara*! Strcit)
mat* — Fit->u 3>rTCXBEB 12. 1X4X — Altaiva
¦?:OOa Brnicli, Sulmn, Elmira, YacarUlat
Ruicsey »u<l ¦¦tocrsmanco *TilSp
•?:Ot»A Shutta Eiprra- Dsvia. WiUUsuffor
Us»rtt-i: Sprites). Willows. KaU
ISIuS. 1Vu.»i«L *7:I3f
*?>3*a M*rtii.«7. Shu Uamoo, VnKejo. N'*r».
» alia!. -j*. -in. i -vv:ir% Iliwn *4i|.1p
•SiOUa D«ru, W.hxIUu.1. Kuijbu Lsndiae.
M.»r.T«iiie. (»ru.i,> •7:«."»p
•MiOO* AeUutic IUpr»M-< >¦*¦'¦*<' »nd Ka*t M»:4-"»r
•«.uii \ Nilrt. Tncj. Laihro^ Szocttoa "Vila*
••lUtt* ,1.1.1 .l(,v. LiTcriuutr. SlocHlmi.
lone, rtftcramrnto. i"!*c-r.i.>.
M«r»s»il!<-. Ulitco. Ua<( Itlntf *l:l4r
•*:3O» O»k4aie. Chinese. .iimrr».c:arterj... •4:1.'*^
*»i»o» lUrwtrilB. .Nil ¦» anil Viaj SUUoot. *l Is 15a
"J:O»a Los Angeles Express — Mtrtii.ex.
Tracy, i.itnr >\: mockttnt, iltrtnl
Fresno >ml Lus AngB'c* *Til-1p
•9>3Oa V»a,j... Martlm* •¦..! \\ *j Station* •ftillr
•IO:«»» ThoOTCTlaml Limited— Ogdeu, i>«a-
»er. O.-uaha. CMoi?i m 9Alr
MIsOO* JCIU'S. Stocxton, ¦iacran)'>nt<i. Men-
ilcit.i. Frrtao, HaufoiJ. VlaaUa,
l'< r:.-r?i:,« Mil-Ir
¦11:OOa Litrran'f. Ranger. Gorhen Juno-
t! -u. B..kerifieUl, Lcs Aujeies
*I4iOMm HajwarJs. Milsaaml V, •>• station*. *?i*.1p
tlt«l«r Macr«meuto n.^r S-i>-«!ii-M ».VOi>%
•:i:OOr lli;ntli, Nilm .»mi Wai Stations. *-1i«.1r
¦»:u.. r Martlue*. rtmii Itniunii. Vall«jc>,
N*|"*. «.'ali« l "K>V S»lit» Uusa ••l!3»
•l:ui»r ll-u:cU. Wiaters. Haeramento,
n ufiillaii,!. k..w)iti Landing.
M«ry«ili». Orotili* M •:!••»«
•4tSOp NIIm. Sau.l<«e«iHl. Stockton *?3l3r
•5:WrTti Otsl IJmitml- Tracy. Frernio.
' - BakcrsSeM. Katigua fur Siiil* Uar-
li.tr*. I- s Anceles. M0-.I5*
*iti«Op Stockton *V:«5t
•»:O»rS«w Orl*ane Express -tt*kenti1«l<t.
Hntitn lt«rl»ra, i.< n Ang-ks, l>nn-
ii>i,'. Cl 1'aao, New Otleaus and
Kast # 7iin»
•«:OOp Harvard!. Nile* and Sau Jose •7»l*»
)«:OU t . V«l!ej» •l»>l < %p
•tfiOor Oriental M*il~Og<Iea. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Cbfctco •I2:l3r"
•fl:O0r Oriental Mail— Oj.|en, Denver
Otn*ba. Chicago. '. MjI-*p
•7iO«? ITU**, Tracy, La'.hrop. S'ockton.... "ISjlS?
•7»«M»r Orauim auti California K« i>r-««. *•<>
iwikiiW. MarjsHlltr. KoiMIng,
.. .. I',"" 1 *" 1 '. »'»*¦«" «<>«»<1 ¦»-» Kant # 9il3a
t*>*3r ValUJi). Po«» i!o»U add Way MU-
«"¦¦» 1H:QO<»
COAST DIVISION darrair U» u ).
( Foot Dt M <rUct Street. >
;?i43a Sent* Crui Excursion for ManU
Cnu aad rruidpal Way SUiions J«iO.tr
•si I 5* Newark. i.Vnt-riili"..-i*ij .!..«*. >>>t<»i.
FouMnrCrrek.&uiLaGrus&nd Wti
SUUnns 'titnr
t3ii»F Newark Ceiiletfllle, ft»u .!,,«<», Ke«
Aliimlen, fHltop. lloii.Msr ','rttsk,
Ka»ta Crux ami 1'ifncipal Way
Station* •••:.i«,
•lii:ir Newark, «»n Jo*«. I.os Gatos |»x;»«»«
il;!3r GlcnwooO. Ft-iton. Han?» Cnu ««:3«\
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rum sii raiaeisw— r«t *r ««r«.t sir«us;i» s>—
•7:15 9:00 11:00*. M. tl:03 'J^J 13:C3
•|:M J3:03 *a:B3i\«.
FriaOHUIO— fttl »r8fiM«.f.— '« ; 00 8 00 1900* m.
U2S3 »1:S3 13:83 ; 3:C3 H:C3 'a^Sar-u.
COXXt ItlTtsioN |CfM4(hin).
(Thlnl :mt To'tnwi.1 Sii.)
trt:ltt» Ocean Virtir, s.,i,t;i rt»n Kutuciiou.. n»;:nii«
1 7:Oil* Sail Jtine »¦¦<! Wiiy HlHtl..ii* (\rnr
AImiuI... '.W.!i,."..Iit»»..-.!y) •l:3Op
JTx30» Sunday F.xcursl-.n f r Saa Joan,
Bjnta Cruz, r» .iric Qrots tad
Priadpal Way Sutions J1:.n?
*9:00a Han .liwo. 1'ira I'tixM, Manta Crux.
Tacillc Crois. l«..» IC.nlrs. Sail
].ul* oi.uit -ii. Snrf. l.o.upoc anil
ivi.,ci|-vi w>r .su>i.,i'i '4.t»r
•IO:IU. San Jnse ami Wai Stations •«:.;.*•»
•11:311* H3li.l»«e.LoiG»tOSitml\ValSUti«ns *3t3»T
yi: ISrSati Matni, Ut-ilwnnU, Menlo Park,
l"a!n Alto. Santa Clara. *••¦• .It.«».
Tres Pinos. Hants. Una; Ballnaa,
Monterey «iM I'aetna llrnx tl«:^n»
faiXWpHaaJosaaiKi Way 8lall<«.» •7i3»c
M»13r Pan Jo««an.t Principal Way Station! •«:»»»
t*>:»or San Jon-, Los Gatoa and Principal
Wa» Station* ?»:««»
•*i8*>r San J™ at»l Pnncipal \Va» Stations t»iW»
•«:3"p Siu Joes an.l Way Stations t*:«<>A
Hl:43r San Jogaaml Way Stations *?:3»p
AforMornin(. I* for Aftanionn. ~*
• Dally. t aan.lay exempted. ? Suuday only.
b Saturday only.
« BaturUy mad bumUy v « Uosday only.
CALIFOHNIA NO&TDWBSTEBN BY. CO.
Lisnsssiia •
SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAJOf.
Ttbsroa Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 1:00. 11:00 a. ra.; 12:XJ.
3:S0. 5:10, t:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra, trip
at 11:40 D. m. Saturdays— Extra trigs at 1:SJ
> and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAT8— «:00. 1:39, 11.-O0 a. ra.; 1:30. 3:30.
fi:0O, S:20 d. ra.
BAN RATAE1. TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
"VTEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:S0. 9:20. U:10 a. m. ; 1*:4S.
1:W. t:15 p. m. Sa.turJa,a— Extri trips at
1:33 and t:3S D. ra.
SUNDAT8-8:10, 1:40. U:10 a. m.; I:«. 3:40.
6:03, 1:53 p. m. *
Between San FTandseo and Schuetsen Park
«ub« schcduls as abova.
Lwave j In Effect. I ArrlT»
Eaa Francisax [Apr. 15, 13C0.1 San Francisco.
Week J Bun- J I Bun- I W>tft"
Dsprs. | day*. | Destination.] days. | Daya.
7:13 am 8:C0 ami Kovato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
t:X0prn S:30ain Pataluma. 8:05 ptn!19:25 aia
6:13 pra 5:00 pm[ Santa Rosa. 1:V> praj t:M pni
• • Fulton. I
T:SO am 'Windsor. 1O:ZS ana
HwUdaburff.
Lytton. >
a«rB4rril!e.
. S:30 pm S^0 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm S:3) pm
' 7:33 ami I Hopland I [10:23 am
*:30 pm! 8:00 amf and Uklah. | 7?33 pm| 6:29 pra
7:20 ua 10:23 an
1:00 am GnerneTllle. 7:33 pm
t:SO ;m ' <:20 pm
« :J0 ami 5:00 am -Sonoma »:15 am 8:40 am
and .
1:10 pm[ 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 9:05 pm (:29pra
T:OT ami S:00 ami [10:40 am!10:2S am
3:10 pm! 1:00 pm! S«bastopoL | 7:35 pm! S:2O pm
Stages connect at Fanta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and WhiU Sulphur Springs; at Fultan
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprinars: at
G<-yservllle for Ekaxes Pprlna*: at Cloverdal<»
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
BprlnsK. HSshUml Fprtnys. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, 8o<5a Bay. Lalceport and Bartlett
Bprtnjrs; «t Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratov
Sprtnrs. Bin* Laliss. Laurel D«n Lake. Witter
Spiincs. Upper Ijikr. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's.' Riverside, tderIey*B, Buclcneirs.
Sanhedrln Helahts. Kollvllle. Git's Hot
Bprlnss. Mendocino CJty, Fort Bragr, 'West-
port. Usal, Wllllts, LaytonvHIe. Cnmmlns.
Bell's Sprinrs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scot!*,
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sloniar rwin4a.tr! o tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to all points
beror.d San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office". £0 Market St.. Chronicle b!d*.
H. C. ¦WHITI>TO. R. X. RIAN.
Otneral Manager. Gen. Pass. Arent.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAIXET
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.;
13:45. 'l:*^ 3:15. 4:15. »5:15, «:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTR.*. TRIPS— For Mill Val!«y and Saa
Rafaal. on Mondays, Wednesday*. Saturday*
and Sundays, at t:0O and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 7:00. •3:00, *9:00. *10:00. 11:00. 11:39
a. in.: 13:45. *l:S0. Z.ti. *3:45, 5:00, 6:00. 7:29
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Bafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (*) ran to San Qaentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:36, 'SiJO, 7:50. 8:40. '10:13 a.
m.: 11:30. 1:16. J:15. *3:30. 4:30. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS oa Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *f:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. «S:00. *9:50. »U:0O a. m.: 12*9
tn.; 1:00. 1:15 *Z:30. 4:30. 'a^, 6:13, 7:30. W:2»
P. ra.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FltOit MILL VALLET TO 3AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:53. «:«. 8:00. 8:S5. 10:30 a.
m.: 11:35. 1:43. 3:45. S:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 19:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 12:15.
1:19. 3;3O. J:45, 4:55. «:13. 7:0«. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:€0 a. ra week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*.
8:00 a_ m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tlcns.
12:13 p. m. Sundays— Point Be.Tes and way sta-
tlors.
Santo. Fe
Trains—Daily
~ Leav* Market-street Ferry Depot.
'br*. San Francisco. »:00 a m!4:10 p ra| 8:00 p in
Arr. Stocktun 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p ta
•• Merced ........ 2:42 p m 1:1» a m
" Fresno (JOpo 1:05 a ra
** Visalla 6:00 pm 4:50 a ra
** Tulare 6:2! p ra S:10am
•* Hanford »:3Spm 7:M a m
••• Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m 7 JO a ra
•• Denver 10:00 a m -
•• Kansas City... »:15 p m
" Chicago 1 7:40 a m
» a. m. train 19 tb« Overland Express. Corr->>
spondtnr train arrives at C p. m. daily.
4:10 P. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
1:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakenfleid Express
with Sleeping* Car* for both cities. Corraapcnd-
tnr train arrtves at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— Ml Market st. and In Ferry Depot,
Eaa JtaTirttm; 11 ..1 Brsg.dw.ay.. pauiar^ — .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
SVEA
FIRE AND LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1S33. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the w-ovlslons of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash J533.S33J3
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $668,000 00
Loans on Bond* and Mortgages 2,911,141 14
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.297.015 95
Amount of Loans secured by pledge,
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral . 1.168.637 *7
Cash In Banks 137,133 30
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks aad Loans .' 71.931 *0
Premiums In due Course of Collection 40.333 73
Due from Agents 1S1.193 S:
Due from other Companies 2S3.S42 90
Other Assets 9,194 45
Total Assets .$7,737,843 It
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $140.000 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-'
ning one year or less: reinsur-
ance 50 per cent :
Gross premiums on Firo Risks run- 637,674 4S
ning more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata
Liability under Life Department 6. 172.3 v) 27
Cash dividends remaining unpaid..... 12.6S3 33
Dua and to become due for bor-
rowed money 53,333 33
All other demands against the Com-
pany 243.343 41
Total Liabilities .$6,162,537 SC
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,603,443 11
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2S0.S03 11
Received from allother sources 1,023,032 24
Total Income $2,913,327 49
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses 1715.867 29
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 611.845 04
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 134.963 S3
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 2O.S84M
All other payments and expenditures M29.431 07
.Total Expenditures S3.S42.631 28
Fire losses Incurred during the year. S745.S67 19
Klsks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year J430.373.M4 12,219,190 93
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 205.997.S45 1.016,489 S7
Net ¦ amcunt In force
December 31. 1S39 222,581.670 1,203.991 91
OLOF WIJK. Preset.
ERNEST BRING. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 30th
day of March, 1900. GUDM. AKERMARK.
Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 California Street,
Fan Francisco, Cal.
UNITED STATES BEANCH. .
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
NORTH GERMAN
FiRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE S1ST
day of December. A. D. 1S99, and for th<i
year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to the provisions of Section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
aa jjer blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $71 SCO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by ComrJany 411.162 50
Cash In Company's Office 5 «0O Z%
Cash in Banks 19,500 44
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2.437 <jj
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortg-agea 1,175 jj
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 115,754 04
Rents due and accrued, Certificate of
Deposit held by United States Trus-
tees (4 432 00
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid..... 11,623 hi
Total Asseti t734.S3 XX
LIABILITIES. ><; ~
Looses adjusted and unpaid 12.240 31
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 25.880 17
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... «.0oO C<j
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $4t>€.505 39;
reinsurance 50 per cent 223,233 1\»
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $271.8(3 C5;
reinsurance pro rata 154.431 43
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 34,178 27
Total Liabilities $475,963 €3
INCOME. :
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $604,033 47
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4.270 0j
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
allother sources 17.701 M
Received from all other sources ui si
Total Income JCS.2S3 u
EXPEXDITTTRES. ==:
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $28,947 44. losses of previous
years) :...U53.«23 *>
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 176.225 »
Paid for Salaries. Fees and ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc 1S.232 hi
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 12.923 63
All other payments and expenditures.. 24.033 05
Total Expenditures $5S4.054 us
FlreT
LOSSES Incurred during the year.... $373, 471 Tt
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $67,074,575 $351.415 73
Net amount of Risks /
expired during the
year E6.&S.424 SU.Sog 3<
Net amount In force
December 81. 1S99.. 57.876,0*3 738.373 44
ADOI-PH LOEB. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 3015
day of January, UC0. MARK A. FOOTE.
Notary Public
WALTER SPEYER,
General Agent for
the Pacific Coast.
225 Sansome St., San Francisco.
S. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I? 2 ?.?? 11 **** ¦*' E«»*«»ne<J
m In 1M4 tor the treatment of Private
M Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
A disease vearlng on bodyand mlndand
Hj Skin Disease* The doctor cures when
SJotbersfaa Try him. Charger low
iil<'nrc«p:uftr»atfe1. CsJIorwritft
Dr. J. **- uiBUU.V. Box l»37.San FraacUcc
THE WEEKLY GALL
$1 per" Year*
IXSTRUMEXTS.
A T^ ALL i ETT * DAV *S. rosewood'case....$5TM
Ld wards & Son. rosewood case r 75 00
Aricc. rosewood case "'I*"«s«a
Hallet A Davis ,3?$
Veber. nne?t ccndiUon .j "**"" 175 00
Manner & Sons 1^5 CO
Kir.grbury. cak 1^0 jo
tiar.dard. used a few months.... "ss 00
pasy payments, theet music and everything
in the music line. Chickertng. Vcse Sterllnl
•frency. BENJ. CUHTAZ & SON 16-1S 2 •
<J'Farr*;i et. *
NICE equares frcm tZQ to $100 ~ —
Mce uprights, slightly used, from JCO to $200
Full eoount paid allowed on new Chlckerine
£>0 °1f «V W ° n^*™- BENJ - CITRTA2 1
BO> . 16 O Farrell Ft.
LARGEST exclusive wholesale and retail piano
house west of Chicago; at a discount, to es-
taluish our new location, we will give 10 per
cent c!t en planes; some spcoM-hand bar-
gsjp*; * Heine uprirtts, t?T7: 2 Steinways,
fit.: 1 < hickorirg. US: 1 Ma?cn & Hamlin.
-SfJ, and _0 other bargains; agents for Hallelt
C. Davis ar.d S other makes. HEINE PIANO
—'£_• 2l7 Oary st.. near City of Paris.
A RELIABLE piano can b« bought only from
a reliable hcuse. The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. is euirh a bouse. Their address is
.6$ Market et.
NO matter what y«u want !n the line of mu-
eical goods, you can always do best at MAU-
VAIS'. 76S Market et.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
wen of Chicaro is KOHLER & CHASE'S, Zt>
2S and 30 O'Farrel! ft.: rian-j-. organ* and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
ar.l prices; terms oasy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done tt» r'-ease and satisfy the-
cBstomer.
A FINE assortment of hlch rrade pianos; Ha-
r*ltaa. I>winp Kro?.. Hardmans. etc.; fine
upright for HD; nice piano $50. DEWING 1 S.
Flcxid building.
VI JLIX strings; r.<-ver wet: best In the world:
making ana ryrair:rg of ail kinds of musical
TriMrcracr.ts. Ccrl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st
gOHMEB & CO.. Byron Blauzy. Gabler. Speil-
CKNTLKMAN going Kant will sacrifice ele-
gast upright grand piano. 324 Golden Gate.
(ff-Cnon piano, fine t<\ne. for sale on $5 in-
stallments. 1113 Port st.
BARGAIN— Oood r-iano cheap; installment $3
"%*t tamth. BCHMITZ. *16 McAllister st
•*". <J. BAPGER, <;2 Sacramento St.. agent for
I~rar.--:s Bacon aTid HalJ*>tt & Davis pianos.
EUPERU >R violir.s. Others, old and new. H.
M13XEB. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HEDl'CTION Kale: new pianos; S3 payments;
br rent. S; up. BKUEXX, T^% Fost St.
HIGH-GRADE piano*: Pteck. Hardsaan. CoiT
over & othrrs. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for stor-
age; $¦'¦" uj>. ¦Wilson's Ftorape. 1710 Market st.
M*EPAL Slrtu»ay; perfect order. $115.
KEEFFE'S. S::3 Market et. bet. 5th ar.d 6th.
triEAPKST an.l *>cst In America— The Weekly
Call, it paces. 6ent to any address In the
tlntt^l Stmt«s or Canada one year for tl.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CROCEB8— Stora ccr. Hayes and Gough, for-
merly occupied by duff Bros., now by Ptager
Err*., for r«-r.t from October 1: *CS. ASHTON
«.- CARDIXER. «:i Montgomery et.
LABGE elegant etore and basement: S33 Valen-
cia et., n*ar 21st; business center; suitable
for erty huElsesit.
F!PTABLIFHET> shoemaker shop: gvoA location;
r-*-.rt.y rr.t. Inquire 6C) Larkin st.
f PALMISTRY.
5£"ME. NEERGAARD ha« removed to 700 Post;
r-.-urs 1 to S eve., ar.a Sunday by appointment.
PAHTXERS WASTED.
TVATCTEIJ— Lady having c. rood paylnjj restau-
rart w'.ghea a lady partner. Box 4463. Call.
PEB-SOXALj.
JCi: — Fcrglv m* all and come back or tel»-
grajh me to ccine to you. L.
'•'. .-— Send, sit Mil cf sale or your Interest la
chop. I can do nothing until you &o. L.
A XOBLE foreign rentleman. single, young,
cntverstty education, speaking several lan-
E-jages, having b*en all over the world, would
like an engagement aa companion; references
Fiven to a person moving in rood society or
to seme one trs,veUss;. BAT.uX S. I*., box
4471, Call efflcs.
YOUNG sect honest and lnflustrtous, would
like the acquaintance of young lady; Scandi-
navian or German; object matrimony. Ad-
<ire»g M. L-. box 20ZS. Call offlce, Oakland.
LEDEP-ER, the popular hairdresser, artistic
halrdressisg only by tb* best hair artists;
Sfa hair roils and switches a rpecialty.
SKE BXJZrSOX RIVER CO^ ~~
HOPKE BROS.
Mtttrws** tci tfllowi cisjfie to order, recov-
ered ar.d renovated; honest work guaranteed;
price* <!efy competition; fine upholstery; phone
t3CS: factory. SIS aad S20 Eleventh ft.; first-
class cieanicr end dyeing. ITS O'Farrell St..
near Powell. San Francisco.
LLECTRIC lights la every room— Winchester
HoteL 44 Third mt., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to SI EO per nijrht: tl &0 to M per week:
Tree 'bus and bicrrsre to and from the ferry.
LCDERER'S Qairtoniea Hair Tonic, 35c bot.;
beautifies aad rives that gloss. 123 Etockton.
FITITS to order on Installments: $15 upward;
(i a week. LEON LEMO6. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— 800 permanent cares In San Francisco,
who can be seen: no operation; no pain: par-*
f.ctilara sent. Ad. Physician, box ISM. CalL
LEDERER'S Foatno Ehampoo, 5c r-kg. ; cleanses
ar.d sweater:! the hair; you must try It
PRIVATE detective wcrk:- reasonable rates: 18
years* experience. J. B. RAY. 3i" Jessie st.
a C UIT5 to crfier en easy payments. Art Taalor-
1 lrg Co.. 1644 Mitt, under Et Nicholas HoteL
HAIR <ju!ck!y curled cr waved by using Tal-
<-nrt'e curllnr fluid; 25c a bottle; drueslsts.
"WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; airir*. all descriptions. E25 Dupont Et
ALFREDUMS Egyptian .Henna restores gray
hair to It* natural color; SI. at all drug-gists.
O ST-OFT clothing, eld gold and silver bought;
*er.d postal. COLEMAN'S. LOi Kearny et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pajres. sent to any address In the
Vr.ite<3 States or Canada one year for Jl.
PUVSICIAAS AXD SURGEONS.
jmT<£~C. O'DONXEiIl— Office ar.d residence.
ICSl't Market gt.. h-tweea gixth and Seventh.
HEAL. GSTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
THE choicest lots In Richmond; very desirable;
If you are looking for lots to build a home on
you must have one of these; location Is
everything; take your wife out and let her
decide, as ahe has to be home all day anJ
her satisfaction is your happiness ; these are
th« cream of Richmond.
TTeet elde of Tenth ave., close to Clement—
1 left; 2Sxl20; a pretty hom« oa each elde;
ciee gardens; very choice; JSOO.
6!xth ave., near Clement— 2 lots, 25x120;
very cheap and chelce.
Eleventh ave., close to Clement— 2 lots. 25
X120; $?Q0 each.
- For terms and particulars call at ofAee, as
I Intend to te'.! these lots; all atreet work
' done. J- GU;O«,
aoaK - C30 California et.
JIGUSE for eale— Ten rooms and two baths,
furnace, electric lights, gas, completely car-
peted; on Presidio Heights; marine view; lot
CSrfSxloe: faouse and carpets on* year old;
price n«CflO. Apply Sll Spruce st, between Sac-
ramento and Clay.
HI 000— CORNER, '.ot 100x120; new building,
rrocery and bar. stock and fixtures; on end
at car line; clearinr S3*0 mo. Box 2716. CalL
FOR SALE— $1600 cottage; 4 rooms; lot 30x70.
4 Church lane, near Sixteenth et '.,'''.>
MODERN houses bullt;lowest prices :plana and
e«tlmate» furnished. CampbelL 1147 kllSslon.
1200— LODGLVO hcuse of 10 rooms, partly
rented, for enJe. ?4 Kearay st
MISSION cottase; new; C rooms, bath; lot 60x
100; 13000; terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny Bt.
Bl.'SII. lt£5 — Nice, large residence: could be
turned Into fiats: very gunny: 50x117:6: call.
REAL ESTATE— COL'.MnV— For Sale
ACCURATE pertcnal knowledge—each of the
SOGO ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More, than all other agents in this city.
N. D. SICKELS. th« land agent. < Geary st.
CITY property and farms io!d or exchanged;
lists tree. Marlon Griffin. 719 Market, rm. 1.
von tale— About 3 acres of land, near Colma,
Pan Mateo County. «45 Valencia et
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
: j
V_ ALABIEDA REAL ESTATE.
JJAR'-JAINK in Improved and unimproved Ala-
m«la rra.1 estate in all parts cf Alanieda on
easy tenrf. AIam»da Land Ccmrany. 1500
I'srh ft.. Alameda: 20 Pnct F t.. Pan Fr»nd*<-c.
PKELElf ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TO !rt (' r«r month— House, barn, chleken-
hou*e " acres of land in Berkeley for chicken
raiting. Apply at 7 Van Ness ave., San Fran.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
$173 CASH— $7 50 monthly till paid; cozy cot-
tage cf 3 rooms; newly built; 4 fine lots;
chicken-houses, ened and chicken run; lots
all fenced; fine well of pure water; street
macadamized; r.esx a fine boulevard 3 elec-
tric car lines ord model public school; no
cold winds nor fc^; site Brand; soil and cli-
mate the very best; EO families located with-
in 2'i years; new town hall built; new church
now being erected: Fruitvale. adjoining East
Oakland; price all told. $750. Bee this bar-
pain at ence; call cr send for circular. 455
Seventh Ft.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONKS. Owner.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 large
rooms and bath: sanitary rlumblns; lot 50x
10- ¦; central location. Apply SS9 13th gt., Oakld.
OAKLAXLi HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. iocs Broadway. Oakland.
OAKL AXD FUl'MTCRB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from II. Schellhaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
IIOO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. neoj^P^w^T^Smin7~fiwTlished
rooms cr parlors; running water.
CLAY. 24IL near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooma; upper flat: yard; water; rear: rent $7.
FELL, ill— Large- sunny room nicely furnished;
kitchen and bathroom attached.
FIFTH. JSi—Z furnished connecting rooms, $14;
I also single $4 and *5 per month.
HARRISON. 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; largo yard; rent $1$.
HOWARD. £23— Two Iarre parlors for light
housekeeping; also single rooms.
LAP.KIN, SM— Large sunny back room, furn-
ished for housekeeping, $" 50.
LEWIS, 14, oft Taylor — 2 unfurnished rooms,
with bath, for hourekeeplng.
MARKET, opp. Fifth— Large room and kitchen
furnished; folding bed; gas; $10. 312 Kearny.
MISSION". 824— Large rooms. $2. complete for
housekeeping; suites. $10; glngle. $1.
NICELY furnished front room, with privilege
of light housekeeping. 125a O'Farrell st.
OAK. 115— "Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping, $10.
POLK. 191S— S rooms for housekeeping, fur-
nished; $12. Inquire In barber shop under-
neath.
* PLEASANT eunny housekeeping rooms; rent
cheap. 114 LeRoy place, off Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pagfi«. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
; ROO3IS TO LET — Forn. nnd Infarn.
A^Bm?N^w7c7rTr :^Se^4?^n[th^R^o^^75o
to $1 per night; $1 25 to V> rwr week, and light
housekeeping; open all night
A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping: suites $16 up: bath: telephone. St.
' Jatnes. McAllister and Laguna sts.
: BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. lS64)-Fur-
nished rms., suite?, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, F.20 (The mk>— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely Turn, sunny rms.. Jl 50 to $7
week; Zl,c to SI 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
ERYANT. 1006. near Fifteenth— 4 large sunny
rooms, with stable, $12; without, J10; water
free.
BUSH. ZZi— Furnished sunny rooms, eults or
! single, £5c por night up; transient.
CALIFORNIA, Szi] near Powell— Furnished
handsome sunny parlors or rooms.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms: prices reasonable.
ESSKX place; 1. off Essex st.. Rincon Hill— 1
newly furnished room to let for 1 or 2 gentle-
men; bath, hot and cold water.
GEARY, Ci« — Elegant front parlor; piano;
suites ; ortier pleasant rms.; phone; light hkpg.
GEARY. 11S3 — Large bay-window front room;
phone; reference.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 262— Elegantly furnished
eunny front room; cheap.
GRAND BOO1BSBX, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. fI9— Rooms from $1 week up to $3;
Z"r to SI nijrht: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. K09. near Twelfth — Sunny alcove
room, suitable for two; new and reasonable.
HYDE. IOCS— 2 large eunny unfurnished rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
JTTST cpen; furn(«h«d rooms, 53 per month
and upward. £67 Minna Et.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rtns.: private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
MARKET. 765 — Rooms suitable for business;
other rooms by day, week or month.
MINNA. €67, cor. Eighth— Xew furnished bay-
window room, ll.per week; transient.
MISSION, 1514 — Sunny front single room; pri-
vate family;. $123 per week; gentleman pre-
ferred.
1 NORWOOD, 611 Taylor — FtarnlBhed eunny
Fultes: also single rooms; terms reasonable.
OAK, 204— Neatly furnished front room to let;
gentleman preferred; reference.
O'FARRELL. TO— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric liehts: day, wk.. mo.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 2oc to tl, week $1 25 to $4; open night
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 S>0; week, $2 to
$S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1S63 — Three rooms; separate
entrance; laree yard. Rent $7.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st,
I near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
I SHIPLEY. !4»— Large furnished front room, $S;
j elos-le room. H 50. ¦¦
SIXTH, 11— A neat front room in private fam-
ily; gas, bath; rent only JS per month.
SIXTH. 24!— Nice sunny rooms, en suite or
single; rent reasonable.
TAYLOR. €0^— Large sunny front room, newly
furnished; private house.
TENTH. 149 — Sunny front rooms; suitable for
two youngr gentlemen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmor* st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
irubecziptlons has been established at 10&6
Valencia et
R O O 313 AA D BOARD.
BOARD and room; home cooking; terms rea-
¦ eonable. 110H McAllister st
BOARD and rooms at 415 First st, near Har-
rlson. ¦
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— Board and room for gentleman and
Invalid wife, who can have care during day.
In private family; terms moderate. 1516 Mis-
sion at.
ROOMS WANTED.
A COUPLE ¦wishes one or two sunny rooms;
running water; use of bath; N. of Market S.
oPBufih, E. of Larkin: In quiet, refined fam-
ily; must be reasonable; would share flat
Box 37C1. CalL
STABLES TO LET.'
LARGE stable with 3 stalls; suitable for coal-
yard: pood neighborhood: rent $10. 1519 Turk.
SPECIAL. XOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the beet; safe, reliable: take no other;
vend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.., Philadel., Pa.
L. RIMASSA of the firm of Rlmassa & Co..
Italian restaurant, €22 Montgomery st., having
sold his interest to ATTILIO MOLFINO, will
net be responsible for any debts contracted
by ATTILIO MOLFtfN'O or F. LAZZARI.
ROOMS papeied from $2 60; whitened, Jl up;
painting dene. Harlman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. S580.
SEWIA'G MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th st.
,EOUGHT.,nold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Von and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
Tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 7$2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. £320 Fillmore Et. ; phone Jackson 2SL
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE-
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the' 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1S99, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of .California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
. CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $300.000 00
ASSETS. f
Real Estate owned by Company J408.451 74
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,011,477 71
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 826,341 25
Amount" of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 63,100 00
Cash in Company's Office ,2-^55?
Cash in Banks 153.9S3 44
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans « BO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages lo.4&B 64
Premiums in due Course of Collection 120,003 13
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, ground
rents well secured 11.520 00
Rents due and accrued 6,339 69
Total Assets .$2.626.441 13
LIABILITIES. "~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $62, 581 38
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 103,208 24
Ix>sses resisted, including expenses... - 4,593 72
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, |9ti7,503 00;
reinsurance 60 per cent 453,75130
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $9S2,->
BS4 05: reinsurance pro rata 495,543 81
Amount reclalmable by the insured
'on perpetual Fire Insurance policies £59,83) 94
Commisclona and Brokerage due and %
to become due 18,000 05
' Total Liabilities il.737.0C6 62
" INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,203,561 30
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums on perpetual Risks 20,971 94
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 68,170 SS
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from.
all other sources 43.C83 21
Received for Rents 10.138 63
Received from all other sources 7.953 11
I Total Income .'....# $1,241.929 07
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $151,713 26. losses of pre-
vious years) $357,513 96
Deposit premiums returned 17.313 04
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or._
Brokerage 235,59793
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc ' 49,200 00
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 46,662 32
All other payments and expend-
itures 157,468 54
Total Expenditures '. $1,423,753 84
Fire losses incurred during the year. $876, 1S6 02
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . :
written during the
year - $140,846,046 $1,692,447 75
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 129.000.3S7 1,473.138 64
Net amount in force
December 31. 1893 176.787,237 | . 1.950.0S7 05
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. Pres't.
RICH'D MARIS. Sec;y.
• Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 29th
day of January, 1900. H. F. REARDON.
Notary Public.
EDWARD* BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 California Street, .
¦ S»i FrtnoiBco, Cal.
RA3XK0AD T&AVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
•Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferryi
WEEK DATS... .9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAY§..8, 9. 10. 11 a. m. t 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare Sart Francisco to Summit and return. $1 43.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES........ 621 MARKETS!,
SAUSALITO FERRY.
TO LEASE.
TO let— Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
tnrlng purposes. Apply at 511 Sansome st.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £26 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for orices to L. &. M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery ft. ¦ . ¦ • •
NEW typewriters, $5 down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California gt
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 109 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the offlce of the
company. 327 Market St.. on and after Mon-
day October 1. 1900. Transfer books close
en Tuesday. September 25. 1S00. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. IL SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
STARCK— September 22. 1900. to the wife of
William F. Starck.->a daughter. ¦ ¦
2&AB.KIED. ~
FRANCIS— KEOUGH— In Larkspur, September
23. 1900, by the Rev. Dr. Allen. Eric Francis
of San Francisco and Kathryn Keough of
Larkspur.
LUDEMANN— HUNECKE— In this city. Sep-
tember 22, 1900. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Adolph Luderr.ann and Frieda Hunecke.
MILLER— TAGGERT— In this city. September
23. 1S00, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Alfred
Miller and Sophie TaeKart.
TIEDEMANN— UEBNER— In this city. Septem-
ber 22. 1300. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Carl
. O. Tiedemann and Augusta Uebner.
Anthony, Albert D. Hoffmann. Viola M.
Atkinson, Mary E. Holland, Edward .
Avan, Harriet Hurley, Mary
Bennett. MarKaret F. Loirenbsrg, Henrietta
Burrow?, Mary V. McCready, William
Campbell, Frank McDevitt. Sarah
Cronin. LUHe B. McKeown, Thomas
Cullen, Prank H. Morrison, Susan
Dooley. John J. Provlnes, Elizabeth A.
Driscoll. Julia Eeavey, Ann
Doyle, Jennie E, Tobin, Alfred
Ellefsen, N. C. Towns, James
Fltzg-erald, Kate Vanderpool Grace C.
Fletcher, Mary A. Walsh. Patrick
Haubensak, Johann It. Wilson, Kmily J.
AXTHONT-In this ci\y, September 24. 1900. Al-
bert D.. beloved husband of Bessie Anthony,
eon-in-law of P. Kelly, brother-in-law of J.
B. and F. C. Kolly, Mrs. John Hayes and
Mrs. C. H. Townsend of Denver. Colo., a na-
tive of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 5S years.
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
ATKINSON— In this city. September 23. 1900,
Mary E-. beloved wife of Henry. Atkinson,
and mother of Carrie, May. Josie and Lizzie
Atkinson, anil daughter of William and Susan
O'Keefe. a native of California, aged 43 years
8 months and 7 days.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the Mission of
the Good Samaritan, Second street, near Fol-
pom. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
AVAN— In Oakland. September 23. 1300. Harriet,
beloved wife of John Avan. mother of Mrs.
C J. Shields, Mrs. M. F. Davis. Charles E.,
William J., Clara, George W.. Harriet and
Arthur W. Avan. a native of Ireland, aired
f.7 years 7 months and 13 days. (County Fer-
managh. Ireland, papers please copy.)
E3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
I denct". 277 College avenue. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery-
BENNETT— In -this city, September 24. 1900,
Margaret F.,lbeloved wife of the late Fred-
erick H. Berxett, and dearly beloved mother
of Mrs. Emma Seaton and the late Edward
J. Bennett, and jrrandmother of Edward,
Oharle* and Paul Seaton. a native of Dun-
dalk. County Louth, Ireland, aged 63 years.
BV'imOWS-In Oakland. September 23. 1P00,
Mary Victoria Burrows, infant and belove<l
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Burrows, sister of
Bernice Burrows, and niece of Mrs. Richard-
eon and Fred Henderson, a native of Oakland,
agetl 1 year 4 months and 1 day.
CAMPBELL— In this city, September 24. 1900,
Frank Campbell. . *
DSyRemains at the funeral carlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary.
CnONIN— In Oakland, September 23, 1900, LU-
lie B. Cronin. beloved daughter of Cornelius
and Mary Cronin, and beloved Eister of Mar-
| naret, Mary Ellen, Kellie and Josle Cronin.
and niece of Dennis and Margaret Cronin, Mrs.
D. Heagerty and the late Mary Cronin, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 years 1 month
and S da:«.
IE7"FrIend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tills day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 732 Magnolia street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CULLEN— At rest. In this city. September 23.
190«, Frank H. Cullen. brother of Jennie, J.
C., James J., Mae, Charles and Rene Cullen.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence, i 412 Cols
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery via
electric funeral car.
DOOLEY-In tills city. September 24. 1900. John
Joseph Dooley, a native of New York, aged
35 years.
DOYLE— In this city, September 24. 1900. Mrs.
Jennie E* Doyle, beloved wife of th» late H.
H. Doyle, mother of Lizzie and Harry Doyle,
and siEter of Albert, Joseph, Edward and the
late Mark Matheson.
DRISCOLL— In this city. September 23, 1300, Ju-
lia, beloved wife of the late John Driscoll,
and mother of Abble and Celia Driscoll, and
sister of William and Timothy McCarthy, a
native of the parish of Ladybridge. County
Cork. Ireland, acred 42 years.
iryFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, frcm her late resi-
dence. 25^ Welch Btreet. thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the. repose of her soul.
comm«nclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
ELLEFSEN— Lost at sea, on steamer Columbia,
September 21, 1900, N. C. Ellefsen. beloved
brother of Charles and Samuel Ellefsen and
Anna. Hansen, and- beloved uncle of Sophie,
Helen, SIgne, Lily and Arthur Hansen, a na-
tive of Norway, aged 43 years.
FITZGERALD— In this city. September 23. 1900.
Kate, beloved wife of John Fitzgerald, and
mother of Peter and John Fitzgerald, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 35 years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3SS6 Mission street, thence to St. John's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLETCHER— In this city, September 24, lKCo,
Mary Ann Fletcher, beloved mother of J. H.
and G. T. Fletcher and Mrs. Margaret New-
man. Q.. A. Fletcher and Mrs. Flora Morrill,
a native of Maine, aged 81 years 4 months
and 29 days. (Mountain papers please copy.)
C7 Remains at the residence of .her son. G.
T. Fletcher, 263 Dore street. Friends please
call before 4 o'clock. Interment Sierra Val-
ley, Sierra County, via 6 p. m. train, this
day (Tuesday).
HAUBENSAK— In this city, September 24. 1900,
Johann Martin, dearly beloved husband of
Caroline Haubensaki and father of Mrs. J.
Wilkins, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged 67 years 8 months and 12 days.
HOFFMANN-In this city, September' 24, 1900.
Viola M., youngest and beloved daughter of
William II. and Emily M. Hoffmann, and sis-
ter of Josephine and Gertrude Hoffmann, a
native of Ban Francisco, aged S months and
24 days..
HOLLAND— At sea, en route to this city from
Seattle, September 21, 1900, Edward Holland,
beloved husband of Mary L. Holland, and
brother of Daniel Holland, a native of Eng-
land., a red CO years.
E^The funeral will take plac» this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halstead & Co., 94S Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HURLEY— In this city, September 23. 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of the late John Hurley,
and beloved mother of Cornelius Hurley and
Mrs. J. J. Cronan, a native of Bantry, County
Cork. Ireland, aeed 60 years.
JCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. J. J. Cronan, Sn.Jesslo
Btreet. thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul,* at 9. o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LOWENBERG — In this city, September 22, 1900.
•Henrietta, beloved wife of George Lowen-
berg, mother of Sarah. Florence, Sylvan, Fred
and Mabel Lowenberg, and sister of Mrs. E.
Helneman, Mrs. Saul Bauer. Mr. Moses Stern
and Fred Stern, a native of Germany, aged
49 years 11 months and 17 days. (New TorK
papers please copy.) .
EFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 102J O'Farrell street. Interment Home
of I>ace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
McCREADY— In this city, September 23, 1900.
William, beloved father of Charles, Evans,
Stephen, George and Mabel McCready, a na-
tive of Canada,: aged 64 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McDEVITT— In this city, September 24. Sarah,
beloved wife of the late Edward McDevitt,
a native of the parish of Carndonagh, County
Donepal. Ireland, aged 67 years.
McKEOWN— In this -city, September 23. 1900,
Thomas McKeown. beloved son of Mary Jane
and the late William McKeown, and brother
HENRY J., GALLAGHER* CO..
(Successor to Flannsgan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
. - 20 Fifth St.. opposlta Lincoln School.
¦ • Telephone South SO ¦ALFRED TOBIN, ONE OF THE ATTORNETS AND A DIRECTOR OF
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, WHO DIED YES
TERDAY AFTER AN ATTACK OF PNEUMONIA.
¦ The body of an unknown man was found
in the foothills .near the Presidio by somt
soldiers yesterday afternoon. A note was
found near the body saying that tho
writer was friendless and tired of life
The deceased was about 45 years of age
and was well dressed.
Found Dead at the Presidio.
A. Paladin! . will be prosecuted by the
Fish Commissioners for buying salmon
during the closed season. Secretary
Charles Vogelsang of the commission
confiscated three large boxes of salmon
Jn Paladlnrs market yesterday. The boxea
weighed in the aggregate 300 pounds, and
had been sent to the local fish merchant
through "Wells-Fargo by A. Galglani, a
prominent, nsh dealer. of Stockton.
Bought Prohibited Salmon.
Feasibility of Putting Water Upon
Arid Districts "Will Bo Topic
of Discussion.
The engineers who have been Investigat
ing the various river systems of the State
for the purpose of determining the feasi
bility of Irrigating the arid sections will
hold a conference to-morrow In the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. They
have now looked Into many matters con
nected with the general subject of pre
serving and restraining the flood waters
of the State and the establishment of
storage reservoirs, the necessary amend
ments to the laws to effect what Is desir
ed and other kindred tcplcs. The general
conference may result in the formulation
of some general recommendations ¦which
will be considered at the next annual con
vention of the California Water and For
est Association.
Elwood Mead is here, having com© on
from "Wyoming to be present at the con
ference. Harry W. Gilmour and Mlsw
Marion Walcott have recently toured
certain parts of the State to secure mem
bers for the "Water and Forest Associa
tion and have met with excellent success.
Mr. Gilmour has just returned from L03
Angeles and reports that there are now
about 450 members in Southern California
and 2062 in this part of the State, making
a total of 2500 to date.
IRRIGATION ENQHTEERS
WELL HOLD CONFERENCE
veloped symptoms of fever In the City
Prison. Policeman Harrison of the Sev
enteenth-street station was in the ward
yesterday morning: watching Hudlberf.
The policeman happened to turn his back
for a moment ajifi 'when he looked around
aekin Hudiberg had disappeared. Harri
son s carelessness will form a subject of
inquiry before, the Police Commissioners.
Jesee Moore "A A" whiskey is used at all the
principal hospitals in the United States. Why
"Walter Hudiberg, who was a patient at
the City; and -County {Hospital under po
lice'supervision; made : his , escape yester
day morning. | He was arrested about ten
days, ago on a, charge of .forgery and de-
Prisoner Escapes Prom Hospital.
Gibson's ft ' shirt Is your' bosom* friend. . They
fit and wear well; try one. 1204 Market at. •¦
A competitive . examination under the
rules of the Civil Service Commission of
applicants for positions as experienced
clerks in the office of the Assessor will be
held In th« Girls' High School building,
corner of Geary and Scott streets Octo
ber 9 at 8 p. m. Application forms
for this examination may be obtained at
the office of the Civil Service Commission,
Civil Service Examination."
The society believes that the small boys
frequenting the wharves are soon develop
ed into thieves. ,
Secretary White and Officer". Alexander
of the . Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty, to Children played a star engage
ment on the water front yesterday They
were in quest of small boy game and they
were even more successful than they an
ticipated. They gathered tin more than
two score "wharf rats." No arrests were
made, but parental lectures were deliver
ed to the youngsters that they will not
soon forget.
Gathering In Wharf Rats.
The voters of the two old parties in the
Fourth have consented to unite. and send
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell to Congress. They
remember that he Is the rnan who «=ecur*»d
the passage of the original restriction net.
nnd as it Is about to expire they think he
is needed now in Congress to teach tho
Eastern representatives the curse of coo
heism, Japanese and trusts. . _ V
.Ladleft' tailor-made suits, Bilk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Roth*chlM," 528 Sutter. •
A MAN who has been representing
. himself as M. Stone, president of
the San Pedro and I XL, Dairy
Company, Folsom.' and Twenty
first streets, was arrested ypster
day afternoon at' the Winchester House,
on Third street, by Detectives Wren and
Dinan and is . being detained in "the
tanks" pending an Investigation as to his
conduct. He said he was Walter Tyndall
and that he came from New York five or
six -\eeks ago. It is not supposed that he
pave his true name. He Is about 40 years
of age, of medium height and has sandy
colored whiskers and mustache.
The prisoner has been inserting the fol
lowing advertisement In:papers:.''Collect
or wanted; sober, steady man; permanent
situation: salary $75 per month; $500 bond
required." When applicants replied they
would receive a note bearing the printed
address of the dairy company and signed
"M. Stone," asking them to call at the
Russ House or other central place.
When the arrested man was searched In
Captain Seymour'* room a list of persons
who had apparently answered his adver
tisement was found in his pocket. There
were thirty-four altogether and among
them were: W. K. McCullough, 719 Castro
street;. John P. Carr. 227* Liberty street;
C M. v Proeek. BOS Hermann .'street: S.'
Schwartz, 1718 Geary street; E. W. Choyn
ski, 1209 Golden Gate avenue; WVF. John
son, 706 Van Ness avenue; J.R. Baron. SO
Jolce street; John Schafer, 809 Mission
Schafer had sent a communication to the
real Stone inclosing a copy of an applica
tion which he had made to the Fidelity
Guarantee Company last v Saturday. The
letter surprised Stone and he sent it to
Captain Sermour, with the remark that
some swindler was evidently at work as
he had not advertised for a collector. Cap
tain Seymour detailed Wren and Dinan on
the case, and they fpund Bluemcke,; who
had gone to the dairy, company's offices to
find out for himself .what chance there
was for him. The man Accused of swind
ling had arranged «to- meet Bluemcke at
the Winchester House yesterday after
noon, and the detectives were in waiting
when he called. He was promptly placed
under arrest.
When taken before Captain Seymour the
prisoner admitted that he had been usln"-
Stones name, but denied that it was for
any wrongful purpose. He claimed that
he had got no money from any of the ap
plicants. In his pocket v.-as found a cer
tificate of deposit for $200. dated Septem
ber 1, drawn on the Second National Bank
r\? w ,,. York^ nnd Payable to the ; order i of
."William Tyndall." He said that was his
name. but' the; signature did not corre-
Bpond ; with samples of his handwriting
npji the police believe that he got the cer
tiacate from one ? of hisdupes.; The de
tectives were instructed to find the loca
tion of the prisoner's room, . when further
evidence as to hia real name and mode
of operations may be secured.
street; John McGuIre. 44 Third* street; F
Rose. 435 Eddy street ; George S. Fall 6
Clay street; C. E. Kelly, 154 Hickory
avenue, and John - Bluemcke, 44 Third
street. ' ' •• .
Auditor Wells returned three demands
cf the Park Commissioners yesterday to
the Board of Supervisors. • He refused to
audit them on the ground that they, are
each in excess of $500, and the charter pro
vides that contracts, above $500 must be
advertised for the usual five days. The
demands were, respectively. $1333 33 for 500
benches, tKK) for water and $500 24 for for
age. Wrlls has referred the matter to his
lfgal adviser for an opinion.
Park Demands Held" Up.
Stranger Indulges in Questionable Method
of Operation and Is Arrested;-',
USED ANOTHER'S NAME IN ORDER
TO CARRY OUT HIS OWN SCHEME
Charles Brun, a laborer, was struck by
a McAllister street car near the ferry last
night and Injured about the head and legs.
He -was treated at the Harbor Hospital.
R. K. Collins, the grlpman, was arrested
and charged with battery.
Struck by a Car.
JUEY OrSTBTJCTED BY
A GB.INNTNG SKELETON
A skeleton stood beside a man of her
culean build In Judge Hunt's court yester
day that a Jury might be better shown the
nature of the injuries received by Patrick
Hennessey, who is suing Henry Blngham,
stevedore, for ?10,900 damages for personal
injuries. Hennessej' was injured on the
steamer Aztec. L.umb<?r weighing half a
ton fell on his shoulder and broke the
bone His injuries', he' alleged, were the
result of the defendant's negligence. A
Jury in a former trial awarded the plain
tiff* a verdict for $5000 damages. A new
trial was granted, however, and is now
en hearing. . >. ¦ . • > " . ' -
Hennessey, stripped to the waist, worked
his marsive arms In unison with those of
the skeleton, which a physician manipu
lated. The nature of the injury was thus
shown, and the skeleton, -the grinning
Fkull folded down among the ribs, -was
I>ut nway.
The caecwlll come up for further-hear
ing to-day.
John DAoloy. formerly a deputy sheriff
d {).:< county' ras found dead in his room
at 7;:. Howard str««4 yesterday afternoon.
He-art <3i5u>a.«f is supposed to have b^en
the cecge of death. Deceased was 23 vecrr?
f« a/* and lh« son of John II. Dooley, a
WHr aowo real estate agent on Pierce
Former Dspnty Sheriff Dsad.
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor in
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave thf-ir baggage checks,
thprpby saving In the transfer of their
liaggage. our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery, 408 Taylor street ami
C50 Market street. •
S-iit Against J. H. Suits, Her Man
ager, Is Dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss.
Teresa Urren, otherwise known as
"P.irtn Teress." the aJlepd divine healer,
was In J'.^d^e Cnhanlss' court yesterday
as a oitnesa in the case ajrainst J. H.
Baits, hr-r manager, charged with detain
ing her arainst her will in the Baldwin
ar.rex. In ai;sw»r to questions she said
t!o v.as frc* to go where wished ex
c<r* daring office hours, when she could
do nothing without his consent.
Th*- cctirt ruled that she had a r!ght to
cr<a» the ~< n tract whenever she chose
nr.ii emi\£ net b« criminally prosecuted
for d-inp :;o. Butts would have a remedy
in tha drll ootirta for <3nmagps. provided
!-:¦•• ;:osr,esr*r] any money. The case
against Suits vrns dismissed. Her con
tract o:.:;rv, fn r SVtf 3.1 a month, but Teresa
eald she had rewived >,ut 5.7) altogether.
DIVINE ESALEB TJEB.EA
BBEAXS HE3 OTNTBACT
United States Circuit Judges "W. "W.
Morrow, W. B. Gilbert and Ersklne M.
Ross and United States District Judge
Thomas P. Hawley of ..'evada have re
turned from the session of the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals, at Seat
tle and Portland and will open the October
term In this city next Monday, on which
occasion several important opinions will
be handed down.
At the Seattle session of the court Ben
jamin F. Gunn raised the question that
the Circuit Court of Appeals had no right
to review the orders of United States
Judge Xoyes appointing referees to cer
tain mining properties in Nome, Alaska.
Mr. Gunn contended that an order ap
pointing a receiver Is not appealable, and
that therefore the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals has no power to review
it. The argument was taken under advise
ment.
U. S. CIRCTTCT JUDGES
BEADY FOB BUSINESS
They Will Open the Court of Appeals
Next Monday for October
Term.
To the Charr/cer of Ocmmer?e, P-an Francisco,
Cal.— Gmtlemi* : I havf the honor to inform
you of th<? organization of the American Cham
ber of Commerce of Manila and to request your
co-op^railon in any matters which may arisf
frcrr tlm<» to time affecting the betterment of
trad* conditions between thes* islands and the
Vntted States of America.
I also have the honor to re<iu«»?t you to send
this chamber a copy of your annual report and
to Inform your m<Tib»>rs that we will be very
ir!.Tl to rw<»ive from th»m catalogues, prlre
l!>>ts or samples cf goods •which they consider
thore would be a demand for in this territory.
The?e th'.nr* will b» so pieced -a* to be exhib
ited to mlv/intaKe and quite a tr8rl» may result
from our being thus favored as well as the do
nations btine of considerable convenience to
U«. Most fireprelr,
CHAKI.KS P. FKNXKR, Secretary.
The following communication announc
ing the organization of the chamber anl
Its Intentions v,-as sent to the San Fran
cisco body and Secretary Scott has com
piied with the wishes of the writer.
MANILA. P. I.. Aug. r, 1300.
Philippine EEerciumts Awaken to the
Possibilities of Trade With
This Country.
The business men in the Philippines
have awakened to the possibilities of
trade with this country and are making
every effort to ascertain what products
are most acceptable in cur markets. With
this end in view, the merchants of Ma
nila have organized an "American Cha*n
ber of Commerce." on the lines of the
local organization.
JHAMBEK OF COIOTERCE
OBGAinZED AT MANILA
'If the Beard of Education sees no valid
reason for the refusal of the. Board of
Examiners to grant a certificate," said he
"it can overrule the lattcr's decision. ¦• If a
person comes well recommended and in
dorsed he can be appointed."
President Mark, however, is inclined to
credit the; Board of Education with more
discretionary power, than the Superintend
ent gives to it. ' • - > ¦••-. ?.
The plans, of the Board, of Education
for the new department also excite Web
ster's criticism. •. » ... . . .. . |
"We should have plants throughout the
city where physical culture . may be
taught," said. he. "It should require at
least ten gymnasiums equipped' with" the
latest apparatus, and nonexbut capable
instructors should be employed. Ten mil
lion dollars would, I think, be a fair out
lay to carry this plan through In a proper
manner.- It is absurd to entrust the phys
ical development of 40.000 .school children
to one man, however capable that man
may be." ,' - - * •
"Dr. Magnus has, I understand, been
selected bv the Board of Education to
supervise the new department of physical
culture." said Superintendent Webster,
"but the Board of Examtners have the
deciding. power in questions of this sort,
and If the doctor's credentials are not up
to tha" standard required he will receive
no certificate."- . • -,-..,* :¦•. ,-\-
Superintendent Webster said yesterday
that so far as he was concerned, while
not in any way reflecting on Dr. Magnus'
ability, but purely from a desire to ad
here to the law in the matter, he would
emphatically oppose the doctor's appoint
ment.
According to Webster, this is the situa
tion. Applicants for positions in the city
schools must be possessed either of a cer
tificate or a diploma from certain of the
colleges whose standlne is held to be
equal to that of the University of Cali
fornia. Jefferson University, from which
Dt. Magnus has a diploma, is not one of
these, nor has the learned doctor a teach
er's certificate, so according to Webster's
views the new professor of physical cul
ture is "up against it." .¦-••- . ;
A clash between the Board of Educa
tion and the Board of Examiners of the
School Department Is imminent. Dr. Max
Magnus has been selected by the Board
of Education to act as head of the new
department of physical culture, but this
selection must be ratified by the Board of.
Examiners at its meeting to be held to
morrow. From remarks made by Super
intendent Webster it seems improbable
that this action will be taken.
Will Oppose the Ratification
of Mark's Nominee by
Examiners.
WEBSTER SAYS
DR. MAX MAGNUS
IS NOT ELIGIBLE
Mr. Rcss showed a *t tter to Deputy Mc
<"orc:5ck In "which it w?.s stated that Fo
or>de h;.<1 had a quarrel with George Hu
berty end revived several severe blows
In the encounter. The suggestion was
made that death n'jcM have been caused
or hr.?tpr;ed by th<* blcr.%
The matter Tras laid before Coroner
Cole, tvho decided that thore was not suf-
Ochant «\-iderre to -warrant hlni In inter
l« s rirg with the funeral arrangements, al
thoccb ho express^ his willingness to do
M ehodd any tangible evidence of death
ircm vio-enec hr ofTored. The district At
tornny of ArnaOor County has been roil-
Cea a?A will raake the r.cce?sary Inquiries.
J. K. Rcrs cf 240 Montgomery street
called upon Ch'ef Deputy Coroner McCor
miok yesterday; and suggested an investl
pation 5r.to the cause of the death of Jo
i < ph Focade, a native of Cuba) <7 years
o'd. Focade died Jr. Jackson. Araador
<V-untj\ Jasi -5v»elc. 2nd his bedy was sent
to this city Tor Interment.
After a Quarrel With a Fellow-
Torasman.
DELATS OF J. FOCADE
TO 3E INVESTIGATED
H; Died in Jackson, Amador County,
ALFRED TOBIN, a prominent attorney of this city, a director and legal
representative of the Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society and a brother
of Supervisor Joseph S. Tobin, died yesterday at noon at his home on
Califcrnfa and Taylor streets. "While he had been In ill health for some
time, his death was unexpected and a most severe shock to his family.
Alfred Tobin was 39 years of age. He was born In San Francisco and received
his academic education at St. Ignatius College. After receiving his degree from
that institution he entered the Hastings College of the Law and graduated with
high honors. .
He associated himself with his brother, Joseph S. Tobin, In the practice of
the law and became one of the attorneys for the Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society. Later he was elected to the directory of the bank. During his life Al
fred Tobin made many warm friends. His generosity and unaffected good fel
lowship endeared him to those who came In contact with him either through
a personal, social or professional relationship. He had no inclination for a pub
lic life, and although by no means of retiring disposition, was noticeably reserved.
At one time he was considered to be one of the leading athletes on the Pa
clflc Coast. He gave much of his time to outdoor sports and was proficient In
most of them. His patronage of athletics and his encouragement of the sports
In which he delighted will be sincerely missed. A year ago he went abroad, spend
ing much of his time In Italy and Switzerland. "When he returned it was to suf
fer the loss of the excellent health he had always enjoyed. For months he
was In a precarious physical condition, but he was not ill enough to alarm his
family. Four days ago he was attacked by pneumonia and in three days he
was dead. Mr. Tobin never married, but made his home with his mother. The
funeral will take place to-morrow morning from St. Mary's Cathedral.
Articles of incorporation of th« Boca
and Loyalton Railroad Company wsr»
filed yesterday. The company purposes
building a road from Boca. Nevada. Coun
ty, to a station to be known as Roberts,
two miles east of Loyalton, Sierra County.
The capital stock is $143,000. all of which
has been subscribed. The directors ars
John H. Roberts. P. J. Haruey WHIIam
S. Lewis, Richard S. Lewis and Gear go IS.
Bates.
Boca to Save a "Rail road.
JOHX M. CIIRKTIEX, director of
the conspiracy to loot the estate of
the late Joseph Sullivan, was found
guilty of forgery yesterday after
noon by a jury in Judge Dunne's
-,_ ar . tv ,,, :n O f x \t O Siperior Court. The
case came to a sodden conclusion shortly
after the opening of the afternoon ses
sion. One ballot decided the Issue ana tho
Supreme Court is all that now stands be
tween Chretten and San Quentin.
.The conviction of Chretien is the first
material result of the expose which The
Call made of the outrageous traffic in the
property of the dead In the Probate Court
of Judge James M. Troutt. Through the
efforts of The Call the conspiracy to steal
Claus Shilling,
Gtorg; J»I. Pond,
Thomas Elrich,
Adolph Eissinger,
W. H. Henke,
John Marshall,
Richard Murphy,
Eugene C. Ensign,
C. Leonhardt,
W. L. Turney,
Georg-e D. Baird,
W. I*. Cook.
MEN OF THE JURY
THAT CONVICTED
JOHN M. CHRETIEN.
Windsor Hotel, centrally located, KS lEarfcat,
cor. Fifth; $1 50 day up; rma. 60o u;>. Enrepeaa.*
the estate of a dead man by producing a
bogus heir was exposed. The, entire plot
was revealed and for the llrst time the
public saw in astonishment with what
oaring a gang of legal plrateB preyed upon
the dead. Chretien and his tool confessed
their crimes. Several other charges are
pending against Chretien, and Fred Han
stPd, alias Young Dutchy, Is in the County
awaltln e trial on a felony charge.
The morning setslon of the court was
occupied in the reading of the defendant's
confession made before Judge Troutt and
the argument of counsel for the defense,
W . S. Earnes and George F. Curtis, on a
motion to dismiss. Chretien was being
tried on a charge of forgery alleged to
have been committed by the signing of a
fJ^ed to the realty belonging to the estate
of the late Joseph Sullivan, for which J.
J. Rauer paid $7C0. The proof of the exe
cution of the instrument by Chretien was
positive, but the defense contended that
as no such person as "John Sullivan, the
hofr to the estate of the late Joseph Sul
livan, \vas in existence the crime of
forgery had not been committed, the in
strument beinrr merely fictitious and not
forged in the meaning of the law. Mr
Earnes cited the Eppinger and Elliott
cases, in which the Supreme Court applied
the theory advanced by the defense and
on them based his motion to dismiss.
Judge Dunns took the motion under ad
visement during the noon hour, and on
the opening of the afternoon session made
an orcer formally denying the same. Mr.
names took an exception to the ruling
of the court and announced that he rested
his case. Argument was waived, as were
writton Instructions to the jury. Judge
Dunne briefly instructed the jury
and they retired to deliberate on
f., v f, r i 1 i c V T^ey took or "» ballot, and re
turning to the courtroom entered a ver
dict finding John M. Chretien guilty as
There is a fine small water color by R.
B. Nesbit to be seen in another gallery this
week, a sketch In Perthshire, Scotland. A
threatening sky, foreboding < an imminent
shower, lowers heavily over the land
scape, thin shafts of winter sunlight
pierce the clouds, and below some cattle
stray over the shadowed, heathery moor.
It is full of feeling, a beautiful, eminently
simple composition, and of strong, mas
terly handling. Mr. Nesbit has just re
ceived the highest honor in the gift of the
, Royal Viennese Gallery, their gold medal,
N for his Scotch water color shown at the
last exhibition. He is president of the
Royal Scottish Institute of Water Color,
nnd it Is probable that some of his more
importnnt work may be seen here shortly.
One "Donne"t— he is further nameless —
has a vory singular and interesting Swiss
water color on exhibition near the N'es
bit." curiously reminiscent— because of the
difference in mediums— of one of the
Frank Short mezzotints. "A Swiss Pass."
Mr. Donne la an Englishman, presumably
of the older school, and has chnson to
prison ths rnsy peaks and glacler-bltten
rides of tho "Jungfrau" In a small frame
ful of paper . perhaps 8x12 inches. It is
strange, too, that one perfectly gets the
effect of vastness, distance, Illimitable
depths and heights, sensibly aided there
to by the suggestion of two or three tiny
chalets nested in the mountain side, and
the picture is a worthy attempt to realize
the vivid, brilliant yet illusive, Iridescent
glory and shern of color that crowns this
most beautiful of all the Swiss mountains.
Joseph T>. Greenbaum exhibits this
week, in a local gallery, a modest collec
tion of Monterey sketches, a few French
subjects and some local work of Interest.
The pictures will be on exhibition for the
rest of the week and are to be disposed
of by private sale. Mr. Greenbaum will
shortly return to Paris for study and work
and his native city will know him no more
for at least four or five years. The Mon
terey, sketches are perhaps the most
worthy in the collection, two of them, of
shore, sea, boats, and a picturesque mass
ing of fishermen's huts, being decidedly
pleasing.
The Sketch Club has taken up the sub
ject of Japanese art for its six months'
winter course of study, and It is under
stood that an exhibition of famous prints
by Hiroshige, Shunsen, Haronobu, Ota
maru, Toyokunl and others will later be
in order.
It Is understood that a movement is on
foot among the school teachers of Oak
land for the purchase of one of the late
artist's pictures, with a view of placing
It in the new public library, which will
shortly be erected in Oakland.
A very interesting exhibition Is promised
by the Sketch Club, as its lirst public ef
fort under the presidency of Miss Anna
Frances Brlggs, for next Friday and Sat
urday, all day and evening, and Sunday
afternoon. A choice collection of Japanese
curios, all of religious origin, and consist
ing mostly of temple embroideries and
bronzes, has been gathered from va
rious sources, and will be placed on ex
hibition, beginning Thursday evening
with a reception to members. A short pen
sketch of each exhibit has been prepaied,
giving its history, and a list of authori
ties. A large amount of useful informa
tion in concise form is thus placed at the
disposal of those interested in Japanese
art. Included in the exhibition is
the finest bronze Buddha in California,
some magnificent ecclesiastical embroider
ies and many specimens of the stmpler
Shinto symbols. An admission fee of
twenty-five cents will be charged to cover
the Incidental expenses of the affair.
The Yelland exhibition at the Hopkins
Art Institute has attracted a large atten
tion since the opening last week, and has
met with a modest financial success. None
of the larger pictures have, as yet, been
disposed of, but a number of the smaller
sketches, among them many charming ef
fects In pencil, have been sold, to the
amount of $1400. Among the purchasers
of the above are Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst,
Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard, Mrs. Haw
ley, Mrs.' Hewlett, Mr. Addlson and oth
ers.
NEWS OF THE ARTISTS
AND THEIR PRODUCTIONS
JOHN M. CIIRETIEX. DIRECTOR OF THE CONSPIRACY TO LOOT THE
ESTATE OF THE LATE JOSEPH SULLIVAN, WHO MUST GO TO
THE PENITENTIARY UNLESS SUPREME COURT INTERFERES
Upon learning of the action of the Port
Costa constable. Captain Seymour: en
gaged Attorney Arthur Mack to sue out
a writ of habeas corpus In behalf of
Wells. The writ was heard by Superior
Judge Lawler and the prisoner was
promptly released from custody. His
friends now threaten to sue the Constable
for false Imprisonment.
The story of Wella* complaint that
Ahern arrested him In Port Costa on a
charge of vagrancy and upon discharg
ing nim failed to return money and a
gold watch that had been taken from
nim has been published In The Call.
After Wells had been locked up the
Deputy Constable who took him into cus
toay, realizing that he had made a mis
take in not having the warrant indorsed
by a local judge, went to Judge Conlan's
house and had him attach his signature
to the document.
Constable Ahern of Port Costa yester
day afternoon swore to a warrant charg
ing J. C. WellB with libel. The warrant
was Issued by Justice of the Peace Car
penter of Martinez and placed in the
hands cf Deputy Constable Johnson to be
served. Last evening Johnson arrived In
the city and going to the France house
on Third street placed Wells under arrest,
notwithstanding that the warrant had' not
been Indorsed by a local judge. Wells
was forced to accompany the Deputy
Constable to the City Prison, where he
was formally charged with libel.
Says H« TJnJustly Accused Him of
Stealing His Watch and Money.
Released on Habeas
Corpus.
Constable Ahern of Port
Costa Causes Arrest
of Wells.
CHARGES HIS
VICTIM WITH
LIBELING HIM
Shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday after
noon Mrs. Anthony, noticing that her huj
band was acting strangely, went for a
doctor. Before she returned Anthony
slashed both his wrists and throat and
then hurled himself from the window. He
fell a distance of about twenty feet and
sustained a fracture of the lower Jaw, a
fracture of the left tibia, dislocation of
the left hip and a possible fracture of th«
skull. Four of the ribs on hia left side
were also broken by the fall. "While be
ing taken from the ambulance to the oper
ating room of the hospital the uufortmiata
man breathed his last. The body was
subsequently sent to the Morgue.
A. D. Anthony, a retired «« & captain,
while temporarily insane, committed iul
clde In a Knocking manner yesterday aft
ernoon. After clashing both wrist* and
throat with a knife he Jumped from, the
second-story -window of his home at 229
Golden Gate avenue, «ustalning injuries
which caused his death a short time after
ward.
Anthony, who was about 60 years of ajr»
come time ago exhibited symptoms of a
tottering mind, and his wife, becoming
alarmed, seriously thought of sending him
to a private Insane asylum. On Septem
ber 8 last her sister-in-law visited her
home and finding him In a condition bor
dering on Insanity bad him removed to
the detention ward of the Receiving Hos
pital pending an examination as to his
mental condition. After being detained a
short time his wife, who Is only 23 years
of age, had him released after announcing
that she would care for him.
First Slashes His Wrists and Th«a
Jumps a Distance of Twenty
Feet, Sustaining Patal
Shocking Suicide of Albert
Anthony, Retired Sea
Captain.
HURLED HIMSELF
FROM A WINDOW
WHILE INSANE
D. 12. Ilfcode*. Inspector of national
cemeteries, and fifteen assistants arrived ¦
In thr city la?t evening from Washington.
They will take passage on tho transport;
IjircooK or. October 1 for tho Philippines. '
wfcfw they will a'.tenJ to the transporta- :
tlort to the Cnltcd States of the remains ¦
of roKtfrrs, sailors and civilians ¦who lost
Jhtir Jives a:i<\ we-rv buried Jn the island r
pi>sa<^r!t>ns of the ITaitvd States end in
OW«a.
Th!< party w?»« originally cnranlie* 4 for
tho puzpoM of rxhuir.lnj and preparing
for sh!pn;<T.l to tin? T'niteJ States the re
matMs qC F>Vi!i<>rs -»r.(t civilians connecteQ
with tho tnUitary Forvico. bet at the re-
Cu»st of th« Navy Diraartzpjnt the corps
m<V. undertake to pcnorxB the same ser
ric« with respwt lo oClcera nnd enllstea
ir>en of the r.avy an«i th«> irarins corps in I
China, as well as in tho [StAods of the Pa- '•
c'A-. i
Mr. TihoiSfS. who hsr= c-Usrge of the par- i
ty, anu to th* 1 1'hilippine.s In ZZovem- j
Ler. 1.-V3. en a sipilar errand, and he per- j
fona«x] the Bervk« to the satisfaction of j
nil concerned. \Yh*n tie Har.tock stops
«t Hc:io!u'u to coal the bodies buriel
there -»i!t be talcen up ar.d made part of
her carro. Similar action wi!l be taken
at the is!ar>d of Guam and In the Philip
pines.
S&r. Rhodes say? that the pre%-ailrg con
ditions in China wil! scarcely render prac
tJcanle any operations earlier than r.ext
frrir.?. \rhea It Is planned to take up the
work there. AU the rcrcalns recovered are
to be ffiv«n honorable burial in the I'nlted
P'a'v^ at plac«.-s selected by the next of !
kin. All relatives or friends interested In j
the return of bodies !?hcu!d file thtlr ap- I
plications with the quartermaster general. '
The bodies will be shipped to th* homes !
vithciit cost. The Government \rill spare j
lio expense :r. the. work, the plan being to
Eerur« the fcest caskets and material !
possibV. The uadalaed bodies wi!l be in- !
t erred in the Presidio Katicnul Cemetery i
ir, this city.
The &pprox?rr.ate EUTEber of bodies to b« !
exkraned Is IZH, d!rtributed in the follow- \
irg places:
Honolulu — Th!rtj— sl= cnJlsted taea oZ the army i
«:nd one inarine. * ;
Guarr.— E!ght cf tho navy.
C!J:.8-Two cl5cerd of the army, firty-elcht
rrllKled men &r :j>e army and thirty-seven men
cf the rsvr.
Pli!':r-Din*-s — S*vcr:t»<"T! officers of the a.rvny.
XlSt tr.'JsteiJ mc2 of the army aad tweaty
eistt rr-en cf the ravy.
Zl?A.\:r.ii:-f Corp» From "Washington
Arrive Hera Red Will Sail for
tho Philippines on Oc
tober Pirst.
Government Will Look After
Remains of Soldiers
Who Fell.
TO BRING BACK
THE BODIES OF
DEAD HEROES
THE SA1ST FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.
No Defense Offered and Verdict Is
Reached on the First Ballot.
JURY QUICKLY FINDS CHRETIEN
GUILTY ON THE FORGERY CHARGE
ALFRED TOBIN, THE BANKER AND
ATTORNEY, DIES FROM PNEUMONIA
His Untimely End a Severe Shock to
His Family and Friends.
14
ATlVTrRTTST.M KM 'I'M
: ** THE CREDIT HOUSE"
I Six Stari** High
•
I
; -^^=- J j
I Baby's Crib j
! Baby's comfort is not to j
j be neglected. White i
j Maple, nicely finished &
j strong. Big enough for
j the darling's bed long af-
¦ ter it refuses to be called
I "baby" . $3.60
• 30 in. wide, 60 in. long, woven wire
« mattress.
; Side-folding Cribs that are so con-
i venient. Cribs that fold op into
; very small space. Some very' om-
| amcntal ones in beautiful woods 4c
« polished brass, up to $50.00.
¦ Comfortable Comforters
] N The Drapery Department wants to |
; make you comfortable this winter. :
• Fresh, new goods, excellently made j
: $1.25 to $3, cotton filled & tufted |
• $3.50 to $7, lamb's wool filled j
j $10.50 to $15, sattcen, silk and |
; eider down .
¦ J20, heavy silk and eider down j
j CARPET DEPARTMENT j
, I Smyrna Rugs — both sides alike, one !
I side for sunshine and one for stormy j
I weather. Lots of bright color. On- j
! ental designs. Fringed ends, 28 x 64 ;
• inches. A $2 Rug $1.10 i
•
i Free Delivery. Oaklani. Atamed*. Berke!*? J
j j M. FRIEDMAN & CO. 1
! (Incorporatei) •
j2 33-235-237 Post St. Open Eveafngs |
DR.MQNULTY.
H^HIS WEUrKXOWN AND RKLXABLK OLD
I Specialist cvret Blood Poison. Oonorrb<B».OIee«,
Stricture, Hem Inal Wralinrsr Impotence and toev
allied Dlnorders. P.ook on Diseases of Men, ir«^
OverCOyears'exper'ence.TPTinn reasonable. Hour*.
9to3daiIy:6:."»to8.30ev'K5. Sunday*. 10 to li C«>n«ul-
tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P.RO8COE afeSTCtTY. 31. D.
SO',' KearnyiSt., !San Francisco, C?L
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGORATOR^^g
Five hundred reward for anr RSTi^Si
case we cannot cure. This «ecr«t ¦¦• ¦•H
remedy etopa alt lo»se» tn 2* houra. i^Ji
cures Emissions. Impotencr. V'art- Pg KaJ
cccele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. 9Jff . PTftl
ttrlcturet Lost M.ir.hood r.nd all Ubm
wasting effects cf telf-abuss or {&*¦£•'<%
excesses. Sent .ealed. « bottle: 3 11TJ11&***
bcttles S3- cuaranteml to cure any em. Aa-
KiV HAll" MKDICA1., LVSTITUTK. »W
liroad»ay. Oakland. Cal. Also tor silt at W73H
Market " t!. 8. K. All prtvat« d!aaa«es quickly
cured. ¦ B»nd for fr— book.
*>Si'J>'ctrilE» Sl W3i £ |er t.
i^Wi n ito6J»T».Ta Whitoj, nnnatsral 11*.
Kfi^J Osafaaw«l \f charges, or say In3p— ma«
D**»ff not to ctxiatar*. Uqn, , irritation or aicers>
»¦ i'ftjrtaa ooatajloa. tion rt aaeooa men*.
fttAmtlUH3 CilEMinu Ca. *»»»»«•. Hoo-aatrtngaat.
VfiSi ci»3!w»r.b -ESH Soia °y orumrttt*,
vsssol. c^a >PSi 2 r •* nt ln PUs wrapper,
*<X&li2?$X?*£tt s 'tl Z\- u >> °r 3 bottle «2.75.
Weak Men and Women
S1IOLL1» USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THBJ
great Mexican remedy; fives health and
itrength tu sexual organs- Depot. J23 Market.L
•08. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the care of GONORRHOKA. GUBET3.
STRICTURES and analasous complaint* u( Ul*
Orsana of Generation.
. 1-rico 11 a botti*. . For sal* by inur^U.
Big; Sale.
Crystal Glassware
Butter Dish n cts
Sugar Bowl.. J 8 cts
Cream Pitcher. 8 eta
Spoon Holder.....;.......... 4 cts
Waler Pitcher- 18 cts
• Water Pitcher— J* gallon 2O cts
Berry Dish Sets
Berry n!9h,!«rsre ......12 cts
WaterGoblet 4 cts
Claret Glass- 3J4 cts
VVine CiJass 3 cts
Flower Vase— o inch 5 cts
Flower Vase— 8 Inch 15 cts
Celery Holder 12 cts
Vinegar Ilottle 8 cts
. Salt and Pepper Shaker 4 cts
Table Tumbler.... 3 els
• We are Cutting Prices
all to Pieces During Our
Big: Clearance Sale.
Great Asiericia laj-drtiaiTaa Go.
. HO Grant ave.. bet. Sutter and Post.
tn Market «t.. odd; Powell at.
E2 Market St.. June. California. • .
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERTWHERE. .
555tewart jp*
Banjosj^^Geo
L^ land Guitars,
' Stewart and Bau-
¦*X'—^ «r. manufactur-
,, . «* of St«w;ir*
Banjo* and Bauer Mandolin.
and Guitars. number*lSSl"tw
and piy» a ;lrnM w"« "S
w^h every !nnru ra r. n i Thi _
protect* th. customs ««5
prm-es conclusively, that th* in
Ertrjr innr'jmer.t. f« fndlvldu
guy mHfJe by expert v.-o>-kr>iin
Evory yioce o f nn | n «tn«ae?t u
rr.ent The rare exerclw] j n t h«
manufacture of th^^ •„
ftxvmaata rendera v.^m prrfec"!
tnre 1 " 11^ 1 poworfyl a »d rich in
.If nt-oll fnterrstfcdcall and p^
<-wr llnj. of :h»«? famous banjos
mandolins end jrultnrs. nj3Si
Sbsrmao, Cfaj S Co.,
•^tc'nwfly P"mo Deale-R.
for. Ker.mv nnd Putter sts. S F 0
Crr. l*th arvJ Bread way. Oakland "-^
Cr>r. *d pnd Morrison cts.. ' jJr5r\
73! gecoad ave.. Seattle v£^^«fc