..¦._¦,"-'¦ ;•.. v v'.- - .*. '.•¦¦'¦' v :-'~ •.-.. •¦ : - ¦ . ¦•-.¦- ,
. "-Continixed on Page Two. •; " _. .
' ¦ -y,'i •>;¦ • •>,¦¦- -•-.-.< - - ¦ ,.:.-¦ v ,•
Continued on Page Two.
The Prince occupied the time during the
run from Baltimore . to Washington • In a
democratic fashion/ : talking - freely .--with
lean soil.
from Baltimore and the
German embassy, arrived here- at ~, 10:20
this morning, promptly on schedule time.
The trip from Baltimore to Washington
¦wae without incident. In the outlying
districts of Baltimore crowds gathered to
.greet and cheer the Prince. as he passci.
No stops were* made until this city was
reached. The train -was closely guarded
by the secret service men. with a care
that will be exercised throughout its
journey during the Prince's stay on'Amer.
•JT JT -T-AEHINGTON. Feb. 24.
u /§ / Prince Henry of - Prussia
*/ §/ and suited accompanied by
y y the welcoming delegations
¦ Thej official greetings , to ' » the ; Prince, ¦
while, formai , , were characterized " by. sim
plicity/; Secretary Hay} as ! the /head •' or'
the Cabinet; waa the first to extend greet-
ing.';": He said, to 'the' Prince: " ' V .. ; '
A "The President me, sir, to give
you, r in^ his. name.; a cordial welcome; to
•TWashlrifftori." - ;^
:'¦ ¦ ' , '', ' ; .' '¦ ' : ", ¦
reception-room, ."the : walls of which : were
heavily, draped .-with'; intertwining .Ameri
can and' German flags. The atmosphere
w a^r?aolent: W ith\the fragrance, of .flow-'
'At?:'A v ;T.l 1 ?^fain'i halted just outside';: the
ftepot, -the i engine iwas detached aridCthe
cars ¦ backed -. to*, a ¦ position opposite %: , the
receivirig-roorn midway down 'the train
shed. ¦"' ¦ ¦' \ .'- '. " :: ": . . : ¦:•':,
i The . welcoming party .passed' quickly
lnt °. the. Prjnce'scar. and;Informally'ex
tended him ;a welcome to the city.
; Secretary Hay, Secretary Longi Assist
ant Secretary of State" Pearce, who had
Immediate ; charge ' of arrangements, \ were
at the depot and ' Count : Quad t arid 'two
other- attaches of ; the/German ; embassy
awaited' the < arrival '¦•¦ of 'th«"-traJri at the
depot. -They, remained 'in', the ilmprbvised
' ' ' ¦ '¦ i"'-''y.'
HAY: EXTENDS :<GBEETXN'O.'
those about '., him- as . they, discussed the
country , and the details of his visit. " He
told the President's delegates "thiat ;he*
wished to see- as clearly. 'as possible the
places through which he was to ; travel
and that^as there would be some" interest
of/ the public In . seeing, him as > well* he
thought-it would be best to' use open car-_
riages in the driving portion : of the Itln«"
erary everywhere.- The delegates told him
they would arrange it. • , r
-....;¦ '¦-:;:* '¦', : ¦ . ¦." ..'• - ' • -- ¦'.'•
All "traffic • was '>¦ entirely, suspended and
¦not* a- person ; was ' allowed in the .roadway
so that ! the' Prince^would suffer no annoy
ance" or: embarrassment.', ' . ¦ ' _-¦ - .
PRINCE f MEETS j PEE^IBENT. ,
¦; It .was "10:40 'o'clock .when the procession
reached $ the White House. ;.; The "_; Marine
Band',-; p)ayed;vthe ; German national air.
while the party was leaving the carriages.
.The " PrinGe • and ' party were conducted 'to
'the- greeii;- room .by, Assistant". Secretary
Pearce^ and ;-;tbe f ;;/ German^ Embassador,
"where '.th*e .* President^ was waiting , to re
ceive, the -Prince. ; In" conformity; with dip^-,
lornatic^ etiquette j the ¦¦''- President (received
the'; royal jvisitor," in private arid 'without
introduction. '.' 'Af ter>, greetings were 'ex
tended i the") President ;led r the ¦ Prince • into
j the red parlor .'and introduced him ; to ; Mrs. 1
Roosevelt' -arid'; daughter, Miss • 'Alice*
! Af ter_a few;' words twith ¦ them^the" royal
visitor ,was v conducted Into" the'green' room,'
', lritroduced to members of the Cabinet and
their '•', ladies i and 'other . invited ; guests. . .' *
PRINCE HENRY OF PRUSSIA IS WELCOMED
BY SECRETARY HAY ARRIVAL.
¦ The Prince bowed a response. * : '.'< : ¦
'Secretary: Long also addressed Uheyvisl-/
tor In nearly the same terms. as Secretary.
Hay", expressing^ his pleasure at the.meet
ing. -.The, Prince's response was -a 'brief
.'Thank you.", .' ; (• ;. \ •';; : ; ¦ ,.¦/""• '. ; ¦ '.-•
: ESCORTED TO - -WHITE >. HOUSE. :
A few minutes later. 'the' party emerged
and ; passed to .the reception : room/where
they; remained ten ' minutes arid> then; took 1
carriages for the -White House.; Secretary
Hay,; and r Admiral f Evans .rode *i with -the
Prince. :- Intermingled * % with the: crpwd; at'
.the'jdepotl.was", a.' small v army : - of secret;
service ; ; . men";. Tdetecti ves ' •' and \*pollcehieh. "•
Special; precautions ' fiad been^taken' to ] in-°
sure the safety , of ; the Prince. /At • the
White ; House fa; large: detail fof /police'; as
sisted ' the" regularlfrien ". in • keeping '.the :
gf ounds ' free ¦ f rom i intrusion ¦, by, unauthor
ized persons. : The carriages - bearing ? the
Prince • and^ cortege i f rom J trie ; depo t j were '
surrounded ; ; by.', mounted ¦) pblice.-'ahd i were ;
f ollowed: ;by,3 military'^ escorts \ of > United
States ."regulars". ,'« The^ route P ; from;./ the.
depot to ¦ the",Whl_le House "was , lined ¦; with
police*; and ; District; of *- Columbia" militia.^
ESCORTED WHITE HOUSE AND
PRESENTED TO PRESIDENT.
' - -y-*-' -y 4- ASHINGTON * t Feb.- .24.— :
,' ¦*%''/§ / : The' 'diririer' given _ v t°
¦§/:§/ ¦ Prince" Henry by^Presl
'¦"''w."w.< ¦¦"' dent -J Roosevelt at the
' ..-.' : ; '.White 7 House; V to-night
" z Zp*?:*' r < ¦ -closed /the; honors ->e
stowed on the rojal;
visitor by official Washington. to-day. : Tne
affair was on an elaborate scale, and
brought- together a most distinguished
company. It was an assemblage such as
has rarely, if ever, before gathered in the
Whife House. - : . , " ; .
To • accommodate the large ; number; of
guests the dinner . table -was set in the
east room, the decorations of which '.were
on the^most magnificent scale ever, at
tempted. » -An effective and new feature
of the' decorations was the electric light
illuminations. | : Several' tVousand . little
electric lights of all colors and arranged
lit fanciful design supplemented the illum
iriatioh from ;the' great "chandeliers.
'Presentations Made. :
The [dinner was' set^ for 8^o' clock and
when that' hour, arrived .the guests passed
through the blue' room," where the : pre
sentations were ma^e, and thence to "the.
east, room. -President Roosevelt - sat at
the. head of the table with Prince Henry
on the right. '• -
; During the ;, dinner the President / pro
posed the health of . the . German Emperor
and the German peopled saying: * '.'We ad-"
mire, their great past" and great present,
and we wish them • all possible success in
the. future. May the bonds \ of
between the' two . peoples ever ¦ grow
stronger." • : \
¦•' Prince Proposes Toast. •
Following . the : toast ; of the t President to
the German Emperor, Prince Henry arose
and addressing himself to . the ¦ President
proposed a; toast Uo himself Tand^ the peo-.
pie of the United States, accompanying, it
with an expression of good will ; and hope
for- the 'continuance of the friendly rela-"
tlohs between the" German : and -American
nations. ., Then followed Mr. Roosevelt's
toast; to- Prince i Henry.' in ; these words:' .;
\ "In the name. of the people I, greet you
arid extend you our; warmest welcome an*
the assurance of : oiir; heartiest good will.'.',
. ' *Af ter> the "dinner the ' guests \ repaired 4 to
thel parlors,' for an^hour or more
they^ •¦remained ; In'.", social Vconyersation.
: "Among those "present "at the dinner were
the ; f ollowin^l££H{PHgngBggHBB|
. President Roosevelt, Prince Henry of
* '* ; * ¦ - '. ••¦¦¦ ¦ .
MANY DISTINGUISHED MEN MEET
THE PRINCE DURING DINNER
AT WHITE HOUSE
Prussia, 'Admiral of the - German navy;
Vice Admiral von Tirpltz, Adjutant Gene
ra! .von 'P. lessen, -Vice Admiral von Elsen
cecher, .Vice Admiral von Seckendor",
Count' Chamberlain. 'Admiral Count Bau
dissin. Captain von Mueller, Lieutenant
Commander Schmidt von Schwinde, Lieu
tenant, Commander "von Egydy, Lieuten
ant Commander von ? Trotha, Lieutenant
Commander . von Frumme, ,'Dr. Reicn.
staff surgeon; Lord Pauncefote, British
Erabassador; ' Dr. von Holleben, Ger
man Embassador; M. Jules Cambon,
Embassador "of France: Count Casslni;
Embassador. from Russia; Senor Don
Manuel -de Azplroz, ? Mexican Minister;
Signor • Edmondo . Mayor des Planches. .
Italian • Embassador; Count A. von
Quadt, -first secretary German embassy:
Commander von Rebeur^ naval attache;
Chief Justice Fuller; Secretary of State
Hay -of the Treasury Shaw;
Secretary of War Root; Attorney General
Knox; Postmaster General Payne; Secre
tary, of the Navy Long; Secretary of the
Interior Hitchcock; Secretary "of Agricul
ture Wilson; 'Senator Frye. President pro
tern; of the Senate; Representative Hen
derson, Speaker of the House" of Repre
sentatives.
David J. Hill, Assistant Secretary of
State; Major General Henry' C. Corbin.
Adjutant General; Rear Admiral Robley
D. Evans; Colonel • Theodore A. Blng
tiam, military aid to' the President; Com
mander William S. Cowles, naval aid to
the President..
: Senator Joseph B. Foraker and Charles
Grosvenor, chairmen of Executive ; com
mittees; of the Senate. and House. of Rep
resentatives to receive Prince Henry;
Senator Cullom; Senator Morgan of tha
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations: :
Senator .Aldrich ' of the Senate Committee
en Finance; Senator Cockrell of the Sen
ate Committee on Appropriations; Sena
tor Hale of the . Senate Committee on >
Naval Affairs. — '
•Representative Hitt and Representa
tive Dinsmore of. the House Committee on
Foreign ; Affairs; -Representatives Payne •
"and. Richardson of. the House Committee,
on 'Ways and Means; Representatives
Cannon and 'Livingstone of the' Commit-**
tee on Appropriations; Representative's
Fosa and ' Cumming3 of the "House Com
mittee on Naval Affairs; Lieutenant Gen-
'- ; IMPRESSIVE SCENE WHEN NATION'S GUEST WAS PRESENTED TO
TWO CABINET. MEMBERS'AND ARMY AND NAVY OF
' FICERS WHO ARE j ACTIVE 'IN BNTERTAINMENT OF THE PRINCE.
• JP^RINCE HENRY ¦of Prussia has been welcomed -by the nation ['through its'Chief Executive. .Fromdtie time af his arrival at.the.'capital of the nation yesterday morning : until his departure, late at night the royal visitor was kept in a zuhirl j
M of brilliant functions. From the depot he was escorted to the White House and presented io'Presidcnt RodscvclL- This ca^ representatives of many nations 'zvere also received. Later in the
afternoon Prince Henry made abound of calls, leaving 'his card Cat .the various embassies. s Thc ' cvcnt\ of the ' evening zvas [ihc dinncrsgizrn by President; Roosevelt at the White Mouse. To-day, the 'Prince will attend the launching of the* Em
peror's yacht Meteor, which is to >be christened by Miss Alice Roosevelt.- ' He will receivethe; freedom of N eiv York City, and. entertain the President and . other distinguished men aboard the royal yacht Hohenzollern.
IMPERIAL GUEST OF NATION RECEIVES
CORDIAL GREETINGS AT THE CAPITAL
:'i;i5Ay ;--fb-akcisc6^[t
VOLUME XCI.-NO. 87.
PKIOE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.['• Depart .for New; York.
WASHINGTON, • Feb. 24. — President
Roosevelt and party/- left". Washington
shortly before midnight fori New York. , '
h ¦ Piles Cured Without : the Knife.
Itching, Blind," Bleeding or Protruding Plies.*;
No Cure,- No Pay. .All druggists * are author! zed
by manufacturers of ¦; Pazo Ointment : to refund '
•money • where . it : fails .to * cure ¦ any. case , of piles, •
Zio matter, o( i how long standing. ; Cures ordinary'
cases In six days;! worst cases In fourteen days. 1
'One application, gives; ease and; rest. ¦: Relieves 1
Itching instantly. .This is a new discover}', and :
is the -only 'pile remsiy sold'onvpositlveguar
antee.jno cure," no, pay .-/VA : free sample willibe
tent,by:mairto any one sending; name and ad
dress. . Price, 5Oc. <If | your druggist | don' t? keep
it in stock send 00c in stamps and we will for- I
ward full size boxi by 'mail.^'Manufactured, by I
PARIS .MEDICINE . CO.. i St.v Louis. , Mo., ? who
also- : manufacture ,; the s celebrated cold . curs,
; Laxative " Bronvj-Quinino ; Tablets. " . ' .¦¦ " -
- - . - •¦
Prince* Senry and Party Witness Pro
¦ ceeding^s in House and
• - Senate. ¦ .
W^VSHIX'GTON., Feb. 24.— The visit of
Prince Henry and his suite t» the capital
this afternoon must have been! not only a
gratifying experience 'to the royal visitors
on account of the warm and flattering re
ception he received at both the House
and Senate and the opportunity it afford
ed of meeting -personally thevleaders of!
both; houses, but it must have been an
extremely Interesting experience as well.
The Prince" not only saw the houses of
the American parliament at work,^ but in ;
the Senate he witnessed one of those rare
and .intensely dramatic moments which
come in that body occasionally at the con
clusion of a great debate- The Prince and
his party arrived at -the eastern entrance
of the Capitol at 4 o'clock, :¦ exactly on
cche4ule time. Prince Henry was attired
in", the blue fatigue uniform " of ; the"Ger
man-admiral and wore the flat German
naval cap of his rank. The members of his
guite wore fatigrue uniforms,. and the Ger
man Embassador had exchanged his court '
dress for a conventional frock suit. In'
the matter of gold lace and braid General
Corbin and Admiral Evans, still In -.the
eplendor of full dress uniform, outshone '
the Prince and his staff. ' *, . ¦¦ ".,
The party, was* met at the great"bronze
doors leading to -the rotunda by a, com
mittee from the House, consisting of
Hitt of Illinois, Dinsmore of , Arkansas
and General Grosvenor of , Ohio. -.- Brief
oordial grreetlngrs were exchanged. * . the
Prfnce and his party, under.; the . protec-.
tioh of .a naif hundred police,.; were con
veyed through colid walls of people'
VISIT* TO THE CAPITAL
A GRATIFYING EXPERIENCE
VANCOU VER, B. C. ; ; Feb. ; 24.— John
Blackburn," nephew of a- prominent Eng
lish-jurist and; heir to. £50,000, of English
; money, v was . arrested ''here J to-day ¦ • tor
-highway robbery. \ Af month*. ago< Black
burn, "Vlfiis alleged, operated in ¦: outlying
sections "of the city, holding up citizens
at. the"; point; of his revolver and terror
izing'; the neighborhood; for. a fortnight:
I ' Blackburn "¦- is- a' youth : only 18 years of
age, and-had- had' a bad .record with -the
s local .police. : The method; of .bringing the
charge agalnstv him" to-day "was unique.
A week f ago > Blackburn -was arrested » for
petty-; thieving. , The ¦ police at ;- that time
had f no idea that he • was * the man for
whom ¦ they l»ad • been looking to ; answer
¦ for.', a -. dozen ' holdups, r and ; the case :• was
continued ' until ;; t this ' morning, a: De Witt
Becker,' who was relieved ¦ of . $10 and- a
geld .watch? by; a ; masked " man; happened
, to ; walk into • the * courtroom : and j Imme
diately recognized the .voice of "Blackburn
as ', that, of . the.man -,who;had% leveled a
\ revolver .- at ', him ,' and forced him to I give
iup his --./•, - /
»L- Blackburn ¦ was /acquitted v on the \ petty
¦ larcenyi charge, and rearrested - for . high
way,; robbery. -,- On 1 this charge .- he Awas
committed to i' stand > trial ..in .-.the >:- higher
I ' - — t ''Tf'.'.nlllir' ; '^ i T > ;' v r
! \ % Blackburn ; will not receive- the English
[estate that was left to 'him 'until- he; at
tains his i majority,-; three -yeaR3* hence. .
".The Notre k Dame Church vs In -.Paris,
which has, heretofore been lighted by can
dles.Visito be supplied,. with electric lamps
atarost of. Wn ftOfl .- ' , • \ ¦ ¦- ¦
•-.'. Special Dispatch to The Call. : .,
VICTORIA; : B. C. , Feb.- 24.— There was
almost a free-for-all , fight this afternoon
in the ! Legislature because i McBrlde"5.the
new opposition leader, -attempted: to seize
the -seat formerly occupied: ' by -: Joseph_
Martin, who is now .('recognized r ; as h~
strong, Government supporter.^ Just ,'¦ be -;
fore' the House 'opened -for; business and
while Martin " j was ', absent the ; opposition
members moved his ' desk <i away and
shoved those of McBride, McPhillips and
Smith Curtis < together. I When ! Martin re
turned and ; noted the change : he was * fu
rious. "-. He i called . McBride a : dirty;; low
blackguard and s a • thief.' Other ' members
took partin-the discussion and. a war of
words raged; •:- ••^"C- -.'• : : v -' "••*..-
: Rev: : Canon Beanlands entered .to: offer
prayer.'-: Then the members ranged.them
selves in their -places, -Martin flipping sin
between - McBride - and k the ' coveted /chair.'
During the prayeri there was a lot of un
seemly scuffling, in which McBride.T Mar
tin,; Curtis and . McPhillips took part, ' and
the moment ' the ; prayer was \ ended i pande- ,
monium 1 broke ; loose.* -I Martin i attempted !
to sit in ' McBrlde's :; . Curtis \ seized
him around; the meek! and otherj members
rushed ¦; to ; separate •: them.'-j The '¦ galleries
«ho wled and ' cheered • as i the i battle i on t tho '
floor, waged furiously, and when at \ length
some- kind • of \ order < was restored a Martin
was seated; in triumph- lri-.the : chair,\with
McBride squatted on the desk in t front' of
him^. . ¦.-'¦. -.'¦• :^-'. -' ; -'.-' -V ¦';'¦- U': ""'•¦*—
The House then proceeded *to elect i a.
Speaker, • in the : person of-C.'s E.vFooley..-'
~A 'heated "debate; ensuedf; in : which-; Mc-
Bride, , Martin,".-, McPhllltps, V* Mclnnes | and
other members berated one another, in
; Special, Dispatch; to .The Call.^^^^
GOVERNOR OF TEXAS '
REFUSES TO 'ACT
Man v Who Made the Fake Murder
Confession May. Lscape Prosecu- •
. ' tion for Perjury. : . ' .
AUSTIN, Texas, ; Feb. 24.— Sheriff F.
Frerichs of • Hondo/. Texas, - to-day re
quested Governor,: Say ers , to ' apply ; to - the
Governor "oi California for the requisition
of James Lenard,' who Is \wantedj at'Hon
do.'for. perjury.: Lenard a\ few. weeks i ago
made a .voluntary sworn confession to the
District Attorney at Hondo of .aimurder
committed at Princeton, California,-nine
teen, % years ago.- >" He 1 - answered -the
scription of the murderer and he .was re
turned 1 to California^ 1 a - f evf i days- ago for
trial for the crime.' When placed on' trial
Lenard \ aserted that ) t his i confession "¦. was
a. 1 : fake ? and ? proved : that he .was ; in the
penitentiary at the ' time V the crime < was
committed, y He' said I he made :the fake
confession in * order , to get a : free - ride -to
California.".";: He was acquitted. -The Cali
fornia; authorities 1 now want; to' sendshim
back i to! Texas to stand- trials for.: perjury,
but; Governor Sayers • : ef used to apply ' for
Lenard' s requisition: = .¦./:>•
Heir to English Estate
Becomes a Footpad
in Vancouver. • \|
Disgraceful Scene in the
British! Co: umbia
'Legislature; -
GENTLY REARED
YOUTH A THUG
language more . emphatic " than : parliamen
tary. Finally, an amendment. was. carried
by 19. to 16, providing that members should
occupy the.same seats they did last ses
sion, te The original f motion was that ,Mc-
Brides be confirmed In the seat allotted to
him (Martin's seat). "This was defeated
by the same vote. The "House" then ad
journed/ ¦¦'; :,-. ;.. ¦. > 1 •, . :
: McBrlde and his supporters declare they
will- not accept the amendment -and more
trouble is expected when' the House meets
to-morrow. .-;."¦.-¦,¦• ;;'• -, ; ,\ J . :
Willis holds a commission 1 from
the Bishop of London to perform Episco
pal acts in the- Pacific outside of -the
Melanesian. diocese. . He attended -Lam
beth conference of 1S87 and -1897.
second-class Lit.. Hun., B. A'., 1850; M A..
! 1864 ; D. D. , - 1872 ; deacon. 1859 ; pries t, 1860.
.in the diocsse of Rochester. - Consecrated .second
/Bishop of Honolulu on February 2,' 1872 in
,tne 1 chapel of Lambeth Palace by the Arch
bishop of Canterbury, assisted by j the Bishops
: of London, 1 Winchester and Rochester. He was
curate of Strood, Kent, from 1859-62 and In
?e52 b -. nt v or st - Mark.- New Brompton, Kent,
. lbOJ- <2. He revised and enlarged a transla
tion of the Hawaiian prayer book (S. P. C. K..
1 1883). translated a catechism of "Chief Truths
of Christian Religion,;' 1884, -and published a
Hawaiian hymn book containing 300 Hymns.
- The Right Reverend ¦ Alfred 1 Willis, Lord
Bishop of Honolulu, was th,e son of. Fras. Wil
lls,-.M. D., of Shilllngthorpe Hall, near Stam
rord; Lincolnshire, born February 3. • He
married September 4/ 1883, Emma Mary, third
daughter /of ¦ the late Captain Simeon of the
British army, and. granddaughter of the late
Sir, R. O. Simeon, Bart. - He was '.educated at
Uppingham School under Dr. Henry Holden, the n
under Dr. Bdward Thrlng.'at St.' John's Col
.lege, Oxford. Was 'in. third-class moderations.
If also a likely candidate. He has held
services in the, church: at-' Honolulu for
several years with- a -large following,
while Bishop Willis,, representing, the o|d
faction, held services "in the same edif'.cj
to much smaller congregations.
The following is - the . biography of
Bishop Willis, who retires: '; '
GERMAN NEWSPAPERS , ' ¦ ¦^¦ :
' REDISCOVER AMERICA
BERLIN. Feb. 24.— The narratives of
the^ reception of Prince Henry at New
*York cover one and two pages in the
day's issues of - the principal German
HAWAIIAN BISHOP WHO RETIRES AND THE DELEGATE SENT TO
THE -ISLANDS BY, THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH OF AMERICA TO
TAKE OVER THE PROPERTY, i. \ . . • ¦ ." - -
transportation. He expressed a desire to
ride on an engine at some time during the
iourney through the country and It was
arranged that he should do so at the out
set of his western tour later in the week.
The start was made so late , that there
were no crowds anywhere. In Maryland
during the early hours of ¦ the morning
some crowds gathered at the stations, -but
no stops were made.
The Prince's stay in Baltimore was ne
cessarily very brief. . The train arrived at
it and was met at the Union station by the
Mayor and an escort of twenty-four prom
inent citizens. Two hundred members of
the various German singing societies were
also admitted to the station, but none of
the big crowd which congregated in the
streets was allowed to approach the spe
cial train. Prince Henry came out of his
apartment In the rear of the long train
and Mayor Hayes was presented to him.
As he stood upon the rear platform beside
Mr. von Liqgen, the German Consul at
this point, the Mayor made a warm speech
01 welcome and presented an engrossed
copy of the resolutions of welcome which
have been adopted. by the City Council.
The Prince in accepting this thanked him
ana the people for their courtesy., *
The chorus of singers then rendered sev
eral German patriotic songs and after a
stay of twenty minutes the train pulled
out amid the cheers of the crowds which
lined both, sides of- the tracks. *sfSr«fi1*
BALTIMORE, Feb. 24.— The train which
is bearing Prince Henry of. Prussia to the
national capital made an exceedingly slow
ran from Jersey City to Baltimore, but
there was no desire to make time with It.
The train left Jersey City at 1 o'clock and
It was arranged to so time its run that it
would not reach Washington until -a.f ter
10 o'clock. The Prince retired shortly after
the special began Its journey across the
State of New Jersey and it was 7 o'clock
when he arose. He breakfasted at 8
o'clock in his private car. He* said he
found himself very well and thanked the
President's delegates and the railway offi
cials for the arrangements made for his
Royal Visitor Is "Welcomed at Balti
more While on the Way to
Washington. . '
GERMAN SINGEBS
GREET PRINCE HENRY
SOLONS FIGHT
FOR A CHAIR
islands. The climax- came when Bishop
Willis came up from the, islands to at
tend the Episcopal, convention that was
held in this city . last • October. . He was
sent out from England ; and ordained by
the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1872 as
the Bishop of Hawaii. At that time It
was looked down upon [ as a mere mis
sionary venture, but it has grown to i
diocese of -. vast importance.', Americans
gradually populated ' the. islands. When
Bishop Willis arrived in this* city last
October to appear before the Episcopal
convention he felt that his fight was lost
and that the popular feeling was that he
should resign and that the rich church
property that is. now- 'worth nearly
$1,000,000 should - be . transferred . to
the .'Episcopal' cfhurch of this country.
•With a broken voice he said - to a \ re
porter of .The Call who interviewed- him:
"I will^ay my case before the. conven
tion. Should they desire to take the pres
ent church under their Jurisdiction, I will
bow to the inevitable. Tmu^t admit that
there are many in , Honolulu in favor of
seeing' the Church of England in . the
Islands annexed to the Episcopal church
of America. Should this step be taken I
will go back to England."
Next month . Bishop Nichols, with . the
power vested in him, will go down to the
islands of . Hawaii and . formally receive
the property of the . Episcopalians. ¦ The
learned divine who was sent from Eng
land will retire, go back to his ¦-. mother
country and report to his Archbishop. >'¦ : .
Bishop Nichols last ; Saturday called . a
meeting of the board of managers of the
diocese of California. He* explained to
them that he had been ordered to; go to
Honolulu with all speed ami; on 1 the first
of next April receive the property -of the
church that would be turned over to him.
WASHINGTON, Feb." 24.— Prince Henry
prepared to make calls upon " the foreign
Embassadors stationed In Washington' as
the high rank of an Embassador makes
him **a personal representative 'of his
sovereign or ruler and entitles him to the
first call. The Prince was accompanied
by the German Embassador, the two
driving in an open landau. S As the Prince
came into view the crowd gave him an
ovation of cheers. At the head of the car
riage galloped the escort of cavalry troop~
ers. - The drive took the party throughout
the northwest section of • the city, where
crowds lined the streets. • •
The Prince's first call was at the British
embassy. Lord Pauncefote being the dean
of the diplomatic corps; ,
The Prince did not enter the embassy,
simply leaving hia card. Calls were then
made on the French, Russian, Italian and
the Mexican Erobassadors, at each place
cards being left.- The Prince's calls did
not- extend to) the foreign Ministers, -as
their rank does not- make them personal
representatives of their, sovereign or ruler.
Returning, to . the German" embassy
Prince Henry and his party took lunch
with, the German Embassador. and the.
members of his staff.- -
uting.
-Prince Is Escorted by Cavalry Whilr
. on a Tour of : Card-Distrib-
MAKES OAXI, IJFON ' , ; '•>
I FOBEIGN EMBASSADOES
The 'President, of .course, has a fight to in
vite any one he chooses to dine, with him offi
cially or otherwise and also has the right to
withdraw euch Invitations. As I am not con
scious of having (done anything personal or offi
cial v.-hich pives^ the President the right to ln
eult me, I art surprised at his j action. The
invitation . to the, dinner came to me unsoutrrit
and unexpectedly, and bo ¦ far as , the with
drawal is concerned It Is, a matter of absolute
indifference to me. , The "motive behind it seems
to put me in a condition of un worth! ness to
meet the President and his guests before final
action by the Senate. , Prince Henry, the
President's guest, comes from a country where
custom makes It obligatory , upon r any man
who regards himself a gentleman to promptly
resent an insult, and method is by challenge to
a duel. That was once the custom, but.it is
now obsolete in the United States, and we have
been forced ' to, cling to the old Anglo-Saxon
rule of considering - the He direct as the first
blow, ( and no man could . hold • up' his ¦ head In
decent society should , he, being near enough
to answer the lie. with a blow, not give it. As
for my being In contempt of the Senate which
I presume is the excuse for this Insult at the
hands of tho President, that ; I deny.: The Sen
ate was not sitting as a court, but as a legis
lative assembly. It has a right to expel me. if
It sees fit, and I am ready to abide by its
Judgment and action. It has a right to arrest
me and hold me In custody until . it ' makes a
disposition of tny -case,, but It has no ilghfto
gag me, * and . Uie President has ¦ no ' right ' to
Judge me guilty of conduct unbecoming a gen
tleman unless he belies all ! his . antecedents
which lead one to believe he ; would have done
Just as I did under the circumstances, r. As to
which of us is a gentleman i In , this ; matter. • In
view of ' the' unsought : Invitation . to dinner; at
the 1 White House and\ Its indecent withdrawal
I am willing to abide by the Judgment of: all
brave and ; self-respecting *inen. • ' ¦ •• '.¦*.:*•
Following is the letter from the AVhlte
House, withdrawing Tillman's invitation
to dine there to-night: 2i. v -v.i .
"White House, Feb. 24.,-The -President
regrets he is compelled to withdraw; the
wTii^ 1 h" tO y ° U *** dlDe • to " nIgIlt at th «
"Very truly yours,
"GEORGE B. CORTELYOU,
"Secretary to the President."
Commenting -upon the letter Tillman
£S.iQ I . "... ...... '„_ ' ¦¦ '• - .¦ _ / ,-
Senator Martin of Virginia, a member
of tiie Committee on Naval Affairs ac
cepted an invitation in Tillman's place.
The invitation was extended originally to
Tillman owing to the fact that he is the
ranking minority- member of the Naval
Affairs Committee. *~\
There was a sensational sequence ' to
the of the President to eliminate
Senator Tillman from the ' list of dinner
guests. : The -President • sent for Senator
Cockrell of Missouri, arid asked him as a
friend and . Democratic colleague of ''Till
man to suggest to the- latter the propri
ety of withdrawing his acceptance of the
dinner invitation. The- President 'ex
plained his attitude in the matter and
said that in view of the. contempt pro
ceedings- Tillman's presence would not
only be 'an affront to the Senate but a
discourtesy to Prince Henry. Cockrell ac
oftpted the commission, and later tele
phoned to the President that Tillman ab
solutely refused to withdraw his accept
ance in response to the President's sug
gestion. The President immediately can
celed the - invitation in a note - he .: dis
patched direct to Tillman shortly before
noon. - ¦ ¦ - . . - , -. ....
-WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 24.— As
forecasted In The - Call the President
withdrew the invitation extended to Sen
ator Tillman of South Carolina to attend
the dinner given In honor, of Prince Henry
of Prussia at the banquet at the j White
House. IMs said that this action on the
part of the President was made necessary
on account of the occurrences on the floor
of the Senate Saturday, when the Senator
from South Carolina was declared in con
tempt of the Senate.-
Stubborn, and Receives Notice
Not to . Attend Dinner.
South Carolina Senator Remains
PRESIDENT WITHDRAWS V
INVITATION- TO TILLMAN
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— One of the
most brilliant functions • of .the day {was
at 2 p./'m., when Prince Henry received
at the German embassy the members ot
the diplomatic corps; including the Em.
bassadors and Ministers, accompanied by
their staffs of government, naval and civil
attaches, all m full uniform. . It was the
same brilliant assemblage that is seen at
the White House on N£w Year's day to
give greetings to the President— Turks in
red fez, Russians in, tall shako, Chinese"
in rich Oriental silks. But to-day thort
was added brilliancy in the showy uni
forms of the imperial receiving party.- ',
Prince Henry remained in the drawing
room while the Embassadors were being
received, meeting them, separately anci
alone. When the conference with the Em
bassadors was over the Prince entered the
ballroom and was presented to -the Min
isters and then to members of the various
staffs. --The scene as these many diplo
matic officers of high rank mingled with
admirals, generals and members of the
many noble houses of Europe wasbm
liant. Almost every famous regiment In
Europe was represented among the for
eign ¦ military officers, in . rich gold em
broidered uniforms, their breasts re*
splendent with medals and decorations.
The reception of the diplomatic corps
lasted about an hour.
BRILLIANT FUNCTION
AT. GERMAN EMBASSY
Representatives of ' Many Nations
/'Turn Out in Full Uniform to .
Greet Visitor, v:-^
Mayor Will Present the Prince With
: a* Beautiful Gold and Silver
::. Embossed Casket.
¦ST. LOUIS, Feb. 24.— Arrangements for.
th*e reception of Prince Henry in St. Louis
have been- practically completed. 'When,
the royal visitor ' arrives at ..Union sta
tion on his special train next Monday
morning he will' : be confronted by the
handsomest decorations that have ever
been seen in St. Louis. - The grand hall
on the secdnd floor of the Union station
has been selected for the'scene of the offi
cial reception to the Prince. There on tho
north side, not far from tho main stair
case, will be constru<jted an elevated plat
form measuring twenty-two by fourteen
feet. On this Mayor Wells will present to
the .distinguished visitor the gold and sil
ver embossed casket containing the
parchment . of municipal . welcome. After
these ceremonies the party will enter car
riages and drive direct to the St. Louis
Club for breakfast. After breakfast the
royal 1 party will be driven through the
fine residence section of the West End
and over the site of the" World's Fair m
Forest Park, to Forsythe Junction and
the waiting train, which will leave for
Chicago at 11 a. m.
Weil's famous military band will play
German and American airs at Union sta
tion when the royal train arrives and at
Forsythe Junction when it departs* for
Chicago.. There, will . be no music in the
parade. •'. • ¦-•—.-•¦- ¦^¦¦^¦'< ¦-.. « -
ST. LOUIS ARRANGES
A HEAETT WELCOME
1 ¦ '. ' ¦ .' ¦ ", '.'..""¦,-... - : • ,.¦•-¦
p»y»>=aHE Episcopalians of the Territory ]
, -. I of Hawaii will on and after April E J
I 1 of this year be under the jurio- '
11 diction of the Episcopal Church -
of America. s They will no longer- ',]
be under the Church of England and V ;
Bishop Alfred "Willis will retire, bishop,; <
Nichols of 'the dioceseof California has i\
been ordered by the \ presiding Bishop of
i.the United States' to 1 make. the. transfer.
He sails on. March* 22 to undertake this \
important duty. ' : . '. y
Thus ends a bitter fight which has been;
waged for several'years down' at the
He explained that ! the date was just «
about. Eastertide, at' the very time he -
would . best like -to be in San Francisco,
but" that he was simply ' obeying orders.; : '.
He- 'was wished "Godspeed" and^fevery
body felt assured . that the presiding
Bishop of - the United ' States of America
could 'not- have ¦• placed such a : delicate
mission in- better hands.
Gossip as 'to a Successor. r '
Who'wlll.be' the successor! to Bishop
i Willis 1'iso not~.--at > present 1: announced, ..',•:
• l'Ut . at • the recent ; convention Archdeacon ; ,
Kmery. of. this: city was prominently men
tioned for the place. The Rev. Alexander
Mackintosh ; D. D. , : rector of Honolulu,
newspapers. No foreign event has ever
been reported In the German press with
tuch detail as is the welcome of New
•"York' td the brother of the I Emperor.
Everybody here is pleased thereat and
court circles . are especially gratified by
the spontaneous good will manifested, 33
well as by the great size of the organized
demonstrations. The editorial articles on
this, subject are without exception kindjy.
' America . is seemingly a rediscovery ta
these periodicals, judging from, the space
given up to elementary discourses on
American characters, history and com
mercial expansion.
PARIS. .Feb. 24.— The visit of Prince
Henry to the. United States is attracting
attention here • and there . is a tinge of
irony, in the newspaper comments which,
betrays some feeling of pique at thte en
thusiasm of his reception.
The Temps says: "This- time it is not
the iron glove, but the hand in the glove
cf silk and- velvet, that Prince Henry
stretches out. The great republic is
launched in the very midst of the inter
national melee and no longer has time to
de\ote itself to the jealous and almost
exclusive . worship of glorious memo r lea
of its historv."
TO DIVIDE TEXAS IKTO g
FOUR JUDICIAL DISTRICTS
Souse Passes a Bill . to That Effect
and Also the Tawney
1 Resolution.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— The House to
day : passed ¦' a bill - to divide J Texas into
four, Judicial districts, and also the Taw
ney resolution calling on the Secretary of
War for Information concerning the
transfer of -. sugar lands ~ in ¦ Cuba
since ' the. American occupation. It then
transacted- some business pertaining to
the District of Columbia and later took
up the diplomatic and consular appropria
tion bill. The bill carries an appropria
tion of |1,931.67S, an increase of $82,950 over
last year. It was made the vehicle for
speeches on trusts, coinage and: other Ir
relevant matters. .; : •
The galleries were packed all day in an
ticipation of Prince Henry's visit. •
Irwin of Kentucky denounced the re
marks of his colleague (Wheeler> regard
ing the visit of Prince Henry.
Gilbert qf Kentucky opposed the Repub
lican policy in the Philippines. '• v
At this juncture Prince Henry ' entered
the gallery of the House and was" loudly
applauded, some venturing ;to give vent to
cheers. ! . . '
Prince Henry gracefully bowed and was
then shown to his seat byHitt (R.) of Il
linois. Hs remained for fifteen minutes,
during which time he evinced the greatest
Interest in theproceedings. He was loud-
Jy applauded as he left the j chamber. -
Without disposing of the pending bill,'
the House at 4:20 p. m. adjourned, s
MISS STONE SUFFERS
. FEO2I MENTAL /STUAIN
She Is Too Weak to Continue the
Journey to Where Friends
Await Her.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 24.— A dis
patch was received here announcing that
Miss Stone and Mme. TsIIka are now at
Strumitza, five hours' ride on horseback*
from the nearest station of the Salonlca-
U3kub railroad. - Miss Stone I is suffering
from the strain of the past, six months
and is unable to take the horseback trip,
but Gargiulo and Mrs. House rode from
Salonlca to S/rumitza this afternoon-
Miss Stone and Mme. Tsilka will probably
b© compelled to rest at Strumitza a few
days, and then it Is hoped to bring them
from Salonica to Constantinople by sea,
but arrangements are yet indefinite.
BOSTON, Massfi, Feb. 24.— The American
Board late this afternoon received a ca
•blegram from its representative, W. W.
Post, sent from Tenid, - Jani, Bulgaria,
saying: "Miss Stone's deliverance is
completed. Inform her friends."
He Is Said to Be Ready to Surrender
If Certain Conditions Are
BOER COMMANDANT BOTSiL •
COMMUNICATES WITH MTLNER
• Made.
LONDON, Feb. 25.-It was freely stated
in the lobby of the House of Commons
last night that General Louis Botha, the
chief Boer, commandant, had managed to
get direct communication with Mllner,
and had offered to surrender on certain
conditions, the chief being that he shall
not be banished from South Africa, and
that "negotiations are proceeding.
VENEZUELAN REVOLUTION
IS FAST GAINING GROUND
New Uprisings of Insurgents- Ara
): * Reported in All Parts of
¦¦> . tiie- Country.
WILLEMSTAD. Feb. 24.— In spite of the
bulletins of victories over the insurgents
published by the Venezuelan Government,
advices received here from Caracas indi
cate that the revolution is gaining ground
dally. New uprisings are reported in all
parts, of th'e country,- notably in the Tach
lra district on the Colombian frontier and
In the vicinity of Barcelona, where the
insurgent are concentrating. < ,;'.-_.
Big Building- for Broadway.
¦NEW YORK, Feb. . 24.— Transfers of
property at 36, 38; 40 and 42 Broadway
have been made to & banking firm far
an estimated, sum of $4,000,000. It ~ la
stated that the purchasers will erect an
immense office' building, on the site. In
which will be* inaugurated many inno
vations, Henry Ives. Cobb will, it 13 un
derstood, design the new. building.
The Prince remained about ten min
utes-in the gallery and then ascended to
the Ways and Means Committee ; room, :
where a reception was to be held. " TWfc i
demonstration as the Prince left the gal- .
ltry was even more enthusiastic tnan ;
when he entered. The House at once ad
journed to afford the members an oppor
trnity to meet the royal , visitor person
ally. . ,
Just as the reception was concluded the
Senate committee consisting, of Senators I
Cullom, Lodge and Morgan appeared and
after being presented escorlejl the Prince
and his party to the Senate. The Prince ]
was interested in everything, remarked ',
upon the polished marble columns in Stn- '!
tuaxy Hail, the great historical paintings I
in the rotunda and the frescoes in - the ;
corridors. The Prince's first view of the ;
Senate hardly could have been mqre dra
matic and thrilling:.
The chamber was brilliantly illuminated
from above, the overhanging , galleries
were thronged to suffocation, every Sen
ator was in his seat, the sides, of the
chamber were fringed with Representa
tives, drawn thither by news of the fierce'
conflict that was raging on the Philippine :
bill. , : ' • \ ¦ ¦'¦'¦
Prince Henry remained in the Senate
twenty minutes and departed while Sena- "¦.
tor Bailey of Texas was speaking. j
'lhe Prince paused, smiled and acknowl
edged the greetings with a slight . bow.
Then advancing with the German Embas
sador and Hitt on either side he descend
ed' to the place reserved for -him in the
front 1 row ot the gallery. " ¦ -¦¦ ¦
Gilbert of Kentucky was addressing the
House atnhe time on the Philippine ques
tion. Prince Henry seemed interested,
listening attentively, for- several minutes
to what Gilbert had to say, and appeared
much - plesrsed with the hearty "applause
which followed the statement of the Ken
tucky member that the "Anglo-Saxon and
Geiman races are one." ¦.'•¦"¦•..
¦ •• - .-¦¦¦-»: -. -¦-¦.•¦,'•
packed in the rotunda and statuary hall
to the room of Speaker. Hendeson. <
Here the Speaker greeted the Prince
with a- warnv handshake, as Hitf- pre
sented "His Royal Higness." General
Henderson invited ¦ the •" Prince to be seat
ed, while the German Embassador mads
the other . introductions, and then in 1 a
few words formally -welcomed him.
The Prince thanked the Speaker. for his
courtesy and without ¦ further ceremony
the party proceeded. to the gallery of the
House. An impressive sight met the gaze
of the Prince as he reached the
threshold. The surrounding galleries
were crowded to, the doors, and below on
the floor -the members sat at their desks.
His | appearance at the door of the gal
lery caused an enthusiastic demonstration.
-was a momentary exchange of greetings
and then the President passed up .the
stairway to the receiving room, where
Prince Henry was awaiting his coming.
The Prince greeted the President most
cordially, and there was an interchange
of amenities.
The President and the Prince remained
together about ten minutes, being left
alone at first and later being joined by
the Embassador. There was no ex
change of formal addresses during the
visit, which was strictly one of official
etiquette, -although it gave opportunity
lor expressions of mutual cordiality and
good will between the two nations.
WELCOMED TO WASHINGTON.
Following the call of the President
came that of the Commissioners of the
District of Columbia, who called to ex
tend to the Prince the welcome of the
city -of Washington. The Prince receiveu
them in the drawing room, where Presi
dent H. B. McFarland of the commission
delivered an address. Prince Henry
acknowledged the address with an ex
pression of earnest thanks. He spoke in
Kngllsh and referred to the pleasure with
¦which he had looked forward to his com
ing to America. .As to this welcome toi
the city of Washington he not only ex
pressed his heartfelt appreciation of the
courtesies shown him, but he also, refer
ring to President McFarland's address,
eroke of the strong ties which had been
made here in Washington as far back as
17S5. when the first international ; rela-\
tions between Germany and the United
States were established.
Tremendous cheering from. the crowds
at 11:40 o'clock announced the coming of
FreEident Roosevelt to the embassy 'to
return the call of Prince Henry. The
President was in an ppen landau with
Colonel Bingham, his naval aid. Com
mander Cowles following In a carriage.
The cheering was continuous as the
1'iesident drove along, and he. had his
silk hat off his head much of the time
in recognition of the repeated demonstra
tions. As the President stepped out of
the carriage the German Embassador
vas at the threshold to greet him. There
RETURNS THE CALL.
VAT \ GERMAN EMBASSY.
Prince Henry arrived at the German
Embassy shortly after 11 o'clock. The
Prince occupied a carriage with Admiral
Evans, while behind them folowed the
carriages of distinguished naval and mili
tary officers of the Prince's suite and
members of the German Embassy staff. A
battalion of -engineers occupied the ave
nue immediately fronting the embassy.
As the party came into sight the engi
neers' band broke into "My Country. 'Tls
of Thee." Over the embassy floated a
flag never seen in Washington before, the
personal flag- of the Imperial • family of
Germany. It showed not only the colors
of the German nation, but also in the
center the imperial coat of arms.
The Prince was escorted up the main
stairway to the" spacious reception room
used as a ballroom. At every, hand the
German colors gave a friendly -welcome
to the imperial guest.
After the ceremony the following -state
ment was made by Pearce:
"The conversation between the Presi
dent and the Prince was of a purely for
mal nature, had no political significance
further than that it contained the usual
general expressions of international ami
ty and good will."
The party then proceeded to the east
room where the members of the Prince s
. suite were Introduced to the President.
The*entire ceremony occupied just thirty
minutes. On the party reappearing the
band played "Hands Across the Sea,
and the drive to the German Embassy ;
was begun.
IN ADUIBAI/S UNIFORM.
Prince Henry appeared in the rich uni
form of an admiral of the Imperial Ger
man navy, dark blue in color, with white
finishings and rich gold -embroidery. His
left breast was covered 'with orders. The
uniforms worn by his suite likewise were
brilliant. The German Embassador wore
a diplomatic uniform, dark blue, with
gold embroidery. Count Quadt wore the
uniform of a Knight of St. George and
swallow-tail coat with white collar ana
cuffs and . white trousers, and others of
t.he embassy were resplendent in ga.y col
orings and trappings.
The President of the United States wore
a plain black frock coat, a black tie and
the turned-down collar which is habitual
with him. General Corbin. Admiral
Evans and the other, officers of the
American navy and army wore the uni
form appropriate to their rank.
I VAHIED ARE V THE: EVENTS
ON TO-DAY'S PBOGBAMME
Most Important Are the^ launching
; /of the Meteor and Receptions
; ¦ at New York. V
- -NEW YORK, Feb." 24.— The -programme
'to-morrow for the entertainment-of Prince
Henry is as follows: : . • ,
; " ; 8 •• a. in.— Prince arrives in Jersey City
from Washington and goes by boat di
rectly to Shooters'; Island. - President and
Mrs; j Roosevelt also .* go " to island direct
from railroad "station. ¦• . . " Ua ;..'.-'
r- 10:30 a. m.— Launch of the Meteor and
christening by Miss Roosevelt. Return by
boat to West Thirty-fourth street pier.
a l f p. m.— Prince Henry to entertain Presi
dent Roosevelt and : other distinguished
' guests on the Hohenzollern. .. <- .
- 3 p. m.— President Roosevelt to return
to Washington.: Prince Henry and 'staff
go by boat to the custom-house, landing
atthe Battery. Thence attended by mili
tary escort, he drives up Broadway to
City Hall.
3:30 p. m.— Presentation of the freedom
of the city by Mayor Low in the City
Hall.
• 4 p. m.— Returns to Hohenzpllern, . pro
ceeding with military escort up Broad
way to "YVaverly place, to Fifth avenue, to
Thirty-fourth street, to royal yacht.
• 6:30 p. m.— Dinner tendered by Mayor
Low to Prince Henry at Metropolitan
Club. .
8 p. m.— Gala opera performance at Met
ropolitan Opera-house. ¦'¦:'.' v-*" - '
11 p.*. ra.— Prince returns with military
escort to Hohenzollern for night
eral N. Ai Miles;. Surgeon General P. M.-
Rixey, United- States navy : Senator Han
na; William H. Taft, Civil Governor of
Philippines; Henry B. F. MacFarlane,
president of the Board of Commissioners.
- Herbert- Putnam, Librarian of 'Con
gress : S. P. - Langley , secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution;. Former Secretary
of State Richard- Olney: Former Secre
tary of War Robert T.. Lincoln;. Carl
Schurz; Former Secretary of the Interor
Cornelius N. ; Bliss;. E. - O. Wolcott : T.
Jefferson Coolidge; J. Pierpont Morgan;
Lewis Cass Ledyard; A. J. Cassatt; Mar
vin Hughitt; Arthur von Brieson; Profes
sor Hugo Munsterberg; Atfolph. Busch;
General Fred C. Wlckler; Clarence A.
Griscom: Consul General Karl Buenz;
Frederick W..HoHs. ; - ...
'_.'.' ! 1 0 1 ¦ *¦ —
_ Continued From Page One.
PRINCE HEN RY WARMLY
WELCOMED ARRIVAL
BY SECRETARY OF STATE
HAWAIIAN EPISCOPALIANS TO COME
INTO FOLD OF AMERICAN CHURCH
Bishop Nichols Will Go to Islands to Accept Transfer of Property
¦ ; - "and Bishop Willis Will Return to England, v. - v
MANY DISTINGUISHED
MEN MEET THE PRINCE
AT WHITE HOUSE DINNER
Continued Froni Page One.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; FEBRUARY 25i 1902;
2
.To Cure a Cold in. One Day,;
Take Laxative Bronio^Qulnlne Tablets^ ' All
drugjlstc refund ttie money.- If, it falls : to 1 cure.
E. w. Grove's aignatureiis on each box, ' 25c. ,
/This is the final round-up in our sale 'of.'qdds and ends in hats
, .for 50c. They, are air soft hats inmost all the usual colors, on I .
- sale in two. lots at the same price. . . I
'¦ One lot- comprises Fedoras and Graecos in black, brown,
cedar and pearl, :fornier prices up to as high as $1.95.
r The other lot contains rough finished hats, in pearl, steel,-
, gray, brown and Oxford; the former; price of these t was $1.25.
The hats will be all gone at the end of the week— price
: Don't forget that; we s^ell men's golf caps made from jjooq |
.: all-wool cloth' at loc each.- I
.-¦ ;¦.'•¦. -'"•;¦.--'*¦¦¦¦'¦-¦.'.' '" ¦ ________: '-. v ¦ ¦ '. _ -
c.TlS;Wapket ( ;Street'....
- ¦ • r ¦< ¦ * . - ¦• .-.•¦, Lippincott's contribution concludes with
a brief- description of the California Port-'
land Cement: Company's works at Colton,
In this valley, the only Portland 1 , cement
plant on the Pacific Coast.- With' abun-1
dant' crude materials of • calcspar, . clay,
and almost- chemically pure: ; limertone
near at. hand, and with £*e Los; A'ngeles
petroleum - for cheap ar/i excellent fuel,
the company is enabled to produce a" nrst
class cement for. about -three-fourths the
price of foreign cements. This is of great
consequence 1 for. the development of the
irrigation interests . of , the vvalley. : , , . .•
miners* inches, which might be 'saved by
a lined conduit, extending down" the can
yon about 7.4 miles; that a power canal,
water wheels, electric machinery/ twenty
pumping plants and the gathering, flumes
necessary for 2000 miners' inches of water
could be constructed' at an approximate
cost of $75,000. J s^3n9*giß££&~~ -v.-v; ¦ --'¦
Numerous tables, eleven plates and
fourteen figures illustrate' the discussion."
HONOLULU, Feb. 17.— The volcano
Kilauea Is showing . signs of renewed : ac T "
tivity. Visitors to the crater .last w^ek
found newly risen lava and great heat.
Signs of an Eruption.
. HONOLULU. Feb. 17.— At 1 o'clock this
morning a nre was "' discovered in \thc
second story of the Royal Hawaiian Ho
teL It was found' before- it . had made
much headway and = was quenched with
little damage. The big hotel' was crowd
ed with guests, and for a time there was
much alarm. . , •
Fire in Hawaiian Hotel.
. The \ department i of 'works is working
on' plans 'and'. specifications for three' of
:the .most important' structures and it ' is
believed ~ contracts L for -these ' will 'be '-. ; in
shape '• for ; bidders ; within : the next / few
jdays.V As ; . soon; asillghting, facilities: can
be furnished : it ; IsJ the intentionr of : the
management to run r night , shifts of i work
men.-The- additional^, labor "will .be ap
pliedlon: all classes of work. •¦ .-:¦•;¦ . . ,
ST.' : LOUIS, 1 . Feb.; 24.^-With the advent
of warmer -weather, operations - on the
World's f Fair ! site will be j pushed . forward
with renewed vigor. (Preparations are be
ing \ made to commence grading over, an
extensive" areai which will 'necessitate the
employment ; of ['¦, more than one thousand
laborers and- many, horses. ; ' '.. '.'.' "•' ; •-.
tures Will, Be Let .Within a
Few Days.' ,
Contracts- for Three Important Struc-
PREPARING TOJ GRADE
: SITE FOR WORLD'S FAIR
PEKING; ; Feb. 7 21.— The news from
Japanese sources that Russia Is trying to
obtainja port in Korea 'has been received
with'ia great deal of interest, .but skepti
cally, .because; if '" true, ; it ? might • test ' the
efficacy of .the Anglo-Japanese alliance as
a •barrier." to Russian- expansions. Fa
vorable-.effects of the alliance, in giving
confidence • and stability to business ven
tures f in Northern China, are. already no
ticeable. (The ! court continues to" manifest
a. friendly, disposition ' toward foreigners
and- foreign. enterprises. •'. .--.. • - • .-,
RUSSIA IS ENDEAVORING .
v > TO: GET A PORT IN" KOREA
Efficacy of the An glo- Japanese Alli
• ance May „ Be Tested If
¦¦.')¦ v - She. Succeeds." ,:-
: One of the features'" of J the convention
will be a paper by G. Stanley Hall, presi
dent of • Park | University, > "Worcester
Mass., on ."High Schools and Their Rela
tion to Colleges." There/willbe a num
ber of round table conferences. Among the
topics to be discussed will be "The Rela
tion of Parents to Teachers." William T
Harris. N.atfonal Commissioner of Educa
tion, * is expected to attend.
. CHICAGO, . Feb. 24.— Some of the dele
gates^ to the thirtieth annual convention
of school superintendents have already ar
rived. The; convention will opento-mor
row morning in the Fine Arts building
and -continue . : until Thursday, evening
About one thousand superintendents of
schools, will, attend. ".'.¦ . * r . .'
Expected to Attend the Con
j . . ference in Chicago, i ,
Fully One Thousand Pedagogues Are
SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENTS
TO MEET IN CONVENTION
The treasure-room was perfectly guard
ed by electrical devices, and if the cracks
men had succeeded in entering 1 , the police
undoubtedly. would_ have swooped down
upon them. ' "' * ' . . ¦
NEW YORK. Feb., 24.— What Is regard
ed as a daring attempt to get at the
vaults* of the Varick Bank; wi til the in
tention of. looting them, has .just been
made. The would-be robbers severely
wounded a night watchman, who was the
single protector of ' the vaults. % Springing
on him in the dark of the basement of
the Wool Exchange building, at Beach
street and. West Broadway, they knocked
him senseless by a blow on the forehead.
Trained for Just such an emergency, he
cried out as the blow fell. His cry, the
noise which resulted from his fall, etc.,
perhaps the belief that they had . killed
him, frightened the men off and they es
caped. . ':¦¦'¦ ¦••-¦•
Would-Be. Cracksmen Badly Wound
Watchman Who. Interrupts Them "
in Their Work.
DARING ATTEMPT TO ROB 0
VAULTS OF VARICK BANK
HONOLULU,. Feb. 17.— A strange case
of I mirage, has been reported from Koha
la, on the island of Hawaii, by Represen
tative Kaniho. * He saw an island about
thrae-quarters of a mile from the main
land, everything from mountain tops to
the seashore of the island looking a beau
tiful , deep blue. There wqre two mount
ains at "considerable distance from each
other, with a' tableland between. There
were.no trees growing on the mountains
the tops ;. of " which were serrated but
the surf could be seen plainly rolling
against^ the shore. An old Hawaiian
grass hot was visible, and something like
a steamer ' entered a bay. Kaniho says
it was neither, a dream nor. a vision that
he saw, but: probably- one of those won
derful mirages that mariners report from
time to time.' . ,
Remarkable Sight Witnessed by
. Him Near Kohala.
Representative Kaniho Describes r*
WONDERFUL MIRAGE
ENCHANTS. A HAWAIIAN
"WiirDam the Arroyo Seco. .
MONTEREY, Feb. 24.— The • report
reaches here from Salinas - that the
Spreckels ¦ Sugar Company will construct
an immense- irrigation dam high up on
&? Arroyo Seco, at^ point known' as the
Narrows, to provide water power for
the electric plant that operates the Sa
linajj sugar factory. It is also rumored
that the company's plans include the con
struction of a water system -for supply
ing the Salinas Valley with water for do
mestic purposes and irrigation.
Discharged and Rearrested.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 24.— P. L. Schlot
terbach, arrested last week on an indict
ment by the grand Jury, an at
tempt to procure false te'stimony In con
nection with the Lowry will contest. wa3
discharged to-day by . the court, the in
dictment being declared faulty He was
Immediately rearrested on a warrant
sworn to by District Attorney, and
bairwas fixed at $20,000. It was supplUd
without difficulty. *"
Henry E. Huggins Weds.
SALEM, Ore., Feb. 24.— Henry E. Hug
gins, traveling passenger, agent of the
Great Northern Railway in San Francis
co, and Miss Kathryn Gilbert, daughter
of Banker A. T. Gilbert of this city, were
married here to-night. They left for Los
Angeles to spend their, honeymoon.
Takes TJp Tariff Schedule.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb.. 24.— The trans
continental freight ' bureau resumed its
sittings to-day; Hop dealers and growers
who ask a reduction on hop shipments to
the East, were heard. The tariff schedule
was afterward taken up.
from frost, and tne relatively low lands
are subject to it. The distinctive crop
of San Bernardino Valley is citrus fruits.
Oranges predominate, tollowed next uy
lemons, and of late years the grape fruit
lias become a popular product. Olives,
almonds, prunes, apricots, peaches, pears
and wine, raisin and table grapes are all
grown to perfection in this district. In
the eleven years prior to 189S, Riverside
shipped nearly seve"n million boxes of
' oranges, an average annual income of
Jl.WO.OOO.
Water is the life-blood of the land.
Without it this valley would become a
Femi-desert; . The rain cWuds irom the
Pacific- Ocean are condensed against . the
i j to ll.Ouu-foot elevations of the Sierra
"Madre and Ban Bernaramo Mountains, in
the winter time usually in tne form of
tnow, which feeds the streams up to
about May. Lippincott classine3 the water
eupply as surrace streams, underground
¦water and storage reservoir water. The
Santa and other mountain streams
have brought down detritus and built up
celtas in the valley. The winter floods
gradually disappear In ilowing over these
deltas, and, kinking down, form reser
voirs of artesian water of unknown but
great capacity. In addition to the winter
Hoods, the summer now of all the streams
from San Antonio Cre«k to Mill Creek
is diverted and used for irrigation pur
poses, and probably ao per cent of it sinks
into the ground and reinforces the water
piane. Inis large undergrouna reservoir
slopes toward Santa Ana River, the most
important stream of Southern California
west or . the Coast Range. It drains a
total area above Rincon of 1657 square
miles; 971 square miles of the. basin are
mountainous. The controlling outlet of
this great underground reservoir is at
Rincon. where there is a larger body of
water flowing during the summer than at
any other place in California south of
the Tehachapl Mountains, except along
v the Colorado. >
if an area of gravel «f 500 square miles
should be charged, to a, depth of 300 feet
— a fair average depth to assume for this
valley— its storage capacity «¦ would be
22.000,000 acre-feet of water. These fig
ures suggest the enormous capacity of
this great underground storage reservoir
of San Bernardino Valley. It has been
charged with waters through a long cycle
of years by the floods described. Honce
me?.surements made in the summer of
1838 showed that there was almost three
times more water rising In the central
portion of the valley than' there, was
entering the valley from the mountain
drainage barin.
Lippincott holds, therefore, that prop
erly located development works near Rin
con, permitting the lowering of this wa
ter plane each season twenty-one " feet
over an area of 1000 acres should yield
from 1500 to 2009 miners* inches of ; water.
He thinks the proper method of proced
ure should be to divert, for the creation
tit pumping power, the entire flow of the
Santa Ana River, near the , Auburndale
bridge, about the 1st of May. and to re
turn the water to its natural bed at the
oloBe of the irrigation season. His con
clusions are: That a large percentage 'of
irrigation water returns to the channels
cf the streams; that the movement" of the
water through the soil being- excee'dlngrly
Flow, " this return water from irrigation
will be a. permanent source of supply;
that water of this character is now mak
ing its appearance in the lands near Rin
con"; that it is Impossible, to determine
the amount of water that could be gath
ered by collecting galleries . on ' tbese
lands; that the stream measurements
show a loss between Rincon and the head
of the Santa Ana canal of • about' 600
CALL BUREAU. 1405 G STREET. N.
TV.. WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— In the se
ries of water supply and irrigation papers
the United States Geological Survey has
In press but not yet published, are the
"Wells of Southern California" (Nos. 69
and 60), by Joseph Barlow Lippincott. In
his letter of transmittal, F. H. Newell,
hydrographer in charge, remarks: "The
results are instructive, as showing what
may be done in other parts of the United
States under favorable conditions of cli
mate and soil and have peculiar interest
in any consideration of the extent to
which the arid » land can ultimately be re
deemed by irrigation."
The region discussed is the San Ber
nardino .Valley, in Southern California,
which has an area of 563 square miles and
lies south and west of the Sierra Madre
and San Bernardino Mountains. River-
Eide and Redlands are the centers of
fruit production. Up to elevations of 2000
feet the relatively high lands are free
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— After eight
hours of tumultuous debate to-dajr'the.'
Senate shortly before 7 o'clock this even
ing -passed . the Philippine tariff bill by 5 a
vote of 46 to 26. j a strictly party vote
As passed the measure provides that ar
ticles imported into the Philippine arch
ipelago from, the United States shall be
required to pay the duties levied against
them by the Philippine commission and
paid upon like articles imported into the
archipelago from foreign countries; that
articles imported into the United States
from the Philippines shall pay a duty of
75 'per cent of the rates fixed by the
Dingley law, less any export taxes paid
upon the articles sent from the Philip
pine archipelago as required by the Phil
ippine commission. All articles now •im
ported free into the United States shall
be hereafter exempt from import duty,
imposed in the Philippines. "
The bill exempts the commerce passing
between the United States and the Phil
ippines from the operation of the naviga
tion laws of the United States until July
1, 1904, and authorizes the Philippine com
mission to issue licenses. to craft now en
gaged in lighterage or exclusive harbor
business, provided such craft are built in
the United States or the Philippines or.
owned by the citizens of the United
States or' by inhabitants .of the Philip
pines. The duties and taxes collected- In
pursuance of this act shall be paid Into
the treasury of the Philippine Islands ana
used for their benefit. All articles mai*
ufactured in bonded warehouses of lm-«
ported materials or of materials subject
to internal- revenue tax, when shipped
from the United States to the Philippines
shall be exempt from the Internal revenue
and all taxes paid upon Rich articles
shipped to the Philippine Islands since*
November 15.- 1301, shall be refunded.
Ferry was found lying in the snow. The
body was cold and the supposed corpse
was taken to an undertaking establish
ment. Half a dozen neighbors gathered
to watch over the body. The absence of
the undertaker prevented further action.
When he arrived the party gathered' in
another room. Upon their- return to the
cooling-room they were horrified to find
the supposed corpse missing. "Body
snatchers" was their first "thought. " An
alarm was sent out and a messenger hur
ried to Ferry's home. When he arrived
Ferry was disposing of a hearty meal.
He said he suddenly became conscious
and observing his surroundings, fled
through a side door and hurried home.
; NEW YORK; Feb. 2*.— Found frozen . in
a snowdrift and apparently, vdeadj^after.
Friday's William , Ferry, a" farmer
near Anthony, N. J., lay for . ten hours on
the cooling board of an undertaker's shop,
surrounded by, coffins and the parapher
nalia of death. But for the absence of the
undertaker he might have been - buried
alive." ¦ ' • •¦ , . ." ,
San Bernardino Valley
Examined by Govern
ment Experts.
Farmer Found Frozen
Has a Sensational
Awakening. V i
Tariff Measure Is Carried
by a Strictly Party
Vote.
Encounters Bough Weather.
ABERDEEN, Wash., Feb. 24. — The
schooner Esther Buhne, which arrived
this morning, reports one of the hardest
trips ever made from San Francisco. For
twenty-eight days the vessel battled
against adverse, winds. Three times the
Buhne was off Grays Harbor and each
time was blown far out to sea. The
•lvJ. ne *v Wa3 £ company most of the time
with the schooners A. K. West. W J
1 ' ««»• Jessie Miner, the latter
Th t .« lrty ' t 7° i a l s J rom San Francisco
These vessels all had a rough time of It.
WATER SUPPLY
OF THE SOUTH
PHILIPPINE BILL
PASSES SENATE
BARELY ESCAPES
BURIAL ALIVE
Japanese May Control Berry Output.
MONTEREY. Feb. 24:— It is predicted
here .-, that before another two years the
Japanese fruit pickers will be in con
trol of the Monterey County berry output.
At the recent convention of the Japanese
fruit contractors in San Francisco the
strawberry and apple crops in the Pajaro
Valley were discussed, it is said, with a
view of procuring the contracts for har
vesting .the. entire crop, and the fruit
growers hereabouts are of the opinion
that a move in that direction will speedily
A venire of 175 talesmen was present
and the entire day was occupied in select
ing jurors, with but little success.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 24.— Joseph Tesh
ara, who was granted a new trial by the
Supreme Court, was rearralgned to-day;
in the Superior Court, charged with the
murder of O. D. Loucks during the
spring of 1&00. I^ucks kept a saloon.
One night his place of business was en
tered and he ;was knocked down" and
killed by a couple of young men.
Last Thursday a motion was made and
en affldavitfiled by Attorney C. E. Lind
say, asking that another Judge try the
case, on the ground that Judge Smith
was prejudiced. Judge Smith this morn
ing asked Judge Connelly of Madera to
preside, and the latter will occupy the
bench during the trial.,
the Bench in Place of Judge
: . Smith. • ; .
Judge Connelly of Merced Assumes
JOSEPH TESHAEA'S SECOND
., TBIAL FOB- MUBDEE BEGINS
¦ It cannot' be: stated positively what- will be
the method of . procedure I until . the text-, of the
decision of the Supreme Court- on the question
of .Jurisdiction is, known. ; . The State will; pro
ceed- in some manner, at -once and exhaust
•every . means : In . its power , to enforce "its i laws
and protect ; Its " rights. . ¦ £,
President Hill of the Northern : Securt
i ties ¦ • Company refused to discuss ; the
opinion of the court, contenting. himself
with the remark that" it was^.not' more
than he had • anticipated. Govenor . Van
Sant was , not inclined, to express an opin
ion on the matter, and Attorney General
Douglass , v was also , adverse -,to • saying
anything.-.- • " : • -
It is known, however, since the an
nouncement s by f United -States Attorney
General Knox that he -would bring suit
against "the I Northern ' Securities Com
pany under, the Sherman act, thtelState
: officials here have .looked for Just such
a decision as that now. anticipated by the
United State? Supreme Court. -Such ac
tion \by the .Federal officials will: not be
allowed to stop further ; action by the
•State of Minnesota, but no definite an
nouncement has yet been made as to the
form such proceedings will take. . . • ; ;
. Later in the . day Governor '.Van Sant
gave the 'following brief statement to the
Associated Press: . ... ., '¦ . ,
ST. -PAUL, Feb." 24. — The announcement
of the United States Supreme Court's de
cision against ' the application of the
State of Minnesota for leave' to "file a
suit against the Northern Securities Com
pany was received In ', this city to-day
without surprise. .
Governor Van* Sant Not Discouraged.
Tyhen It appears to a court of equity that, a
rase otherwise presenting ground for its ac
tion cannot be'; dealt .with^because of the ab
&ence of other parties,: It, is usual for the court
while sustaining the objection to grant leave to
the complainant to r amend by bringing in sucn
parties." ..." But~when~ it -likewise appears 'that
necessity ' and Indispensable parties are ' beyond
the reach of the Jurisdiction '. of the court or
that when made parties the Jurisdiction of the
oourt will thereby be defeated, for the court
to grant leave to amend would be useless. .
¦ But in ; making > such investigation aj- court of
equity must Insist' • that both'-sides of; the
controversy shall-: be adequately represented
an<i fully heard. ,". •" «. "-.•• -¦'" >- ' ' ¦'-
I Upon' Investigation;^ it "might turn out-' that
the . allegations o£ .the, bill are well i founded,
and that the State Is entitled to relief; oriit
might turn out that- there Is .no intention or,
design on . the . part of l the railroad companies
to form any. combination In' disregard, of ¦ the
policy of the State, but. that what is proposed
is consistent.-; with that v policy and advantage
ous to the,- communities affected.- .
\ Court -Lacis* 1 in Jurisdiction.
The directors of the Great Northern, and
Northern Pacific companies are appointed to
represent and protect not merely the private
and pecuniary Interests of . the stockholders,
but the rights of the public -af- large, which is
deeply "concerned In the proper and advantage
ous management of these public, highways.
It Is sufficient to say that the Attorney Gen
eral and Governor and even the Legislature of
the State can be conclusively deemed to repre
sent the public Interests In such a controversy
as that: presented by the bill. - Even a State,
when she voluntarily becomes 6. complainant
in a* court of equity, cannot claim to repre
sent both sides of the controversy/ Not only
have the stockholders, be they few or many,'
a right to be heard > through the of fleers : and
directors whom . they have legally selected to
represent' them,- but ; the general Interests of
the public which might be deeply affected by
the decree of the court are entitled to be heard,:
and that- when' the- State is the -complainant,;
and In a case like 'the. present can only be ef
fected ¦"- by the - presence . of • the railroad . com-,
ponies > as -parties -defendant. ¦¦' ' '. •' '"'.
Justice Shiras stated, that, the question
to be determined was whetherthe parties
to the case were before v.the, court/, and
he held that it was obvious that the mi
nority stockholders !of. .the 'two , railroad
companies are not represented in the con
troversy by the companies whose-; stock
they hold, and their rights .'ought not -be
affected without a hearing, -even if It '.were
conceded that a majority^ of the stock in
such companies, held by a few persons,
had assisted in forming . some - sort of an
illeg>il arrangement. '
Moreover, it must not rbe overlooked
that it is not the private interests of
stockholders .that are to be alone .con
sidered. •¦¦ ¦ •*- - -
ooinion then continues:
' The i opinion is a ', voluminous . one but
the greater part of 'it is a review of the
history of, the case. «"•-;,^^'¦'^ ' . , ', u
~j Justice Shiras Files Opinion."
; As the treat Northern and Northern Paciflo
railroadft": are iDdispeflsabla ¦;• partlea/, without
whose presence the :' court,"- acting, as, a- court
of equity, canr.ot proceed, -and as our consti
tutional jurisdiction would • not . extend i to • the
case If those ¦ companies .".-were. made", parties dt
fendant,* v the motion; for/leaves to ; file the pro
posed bill must be and 1». >denl«d. : -. ,.
.-This is the case in which -the StateTof
Minnesota : . made - ah - effort- to the.
intervention of the ] Supremp : Court to pre
'yent! the merging of -the; Northern. Paciflo
and Great Northern rallroads;by injunc
tion. Justice Shlras -'summoned iip", the
Judgment of the court' as. follows: $ ¦ •"
"WASHINGTON, . Feb. s 24.-^The .Supreme
Court'! to-day .delivered ,'Mta : '{opinion/ in the
case - of \ Minnesota \ versus ;. th6r r Norther'n
Securities ; Company in. an? application" of
the State to file a bill of, complaint in that
court. - - The \ opinion *-, was j read ." by. -Justice
Shlras and the motion for;leavV_to file the
bill was denied on the; ground'- that this
court was .without- jurisdiction. >¦ V; ' .
Governor Van Sant Says the Battle
¦ Will Be'Continued Along Other
. r ; -Lines and Fought to^h.e' '
, ; "End/"; v - : " : ''.;¦¦¦¦'.¦ .:-.";/•
Justice i Shiras £ Holds : That
Tribunal Is
. Jvrisdiction.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 2*-There was o
continuation of the storm here to-day
which, taken In connection with the re
cent fall of rain, insures the crops, which
were ¦ suffering for lack of moisture. The
rainfall up to this morning, so far as tho
stdrm of the last few days is concerned,
was .41 of an inch. Rain came down
hard to-day and the storm is general. '
the storm. Coming at this time, the
storm is of immense benefit. A large
acreage of grain has been sown, and im
mediately following the storm farmers
will commence The rain has In
terfered with the picking of oranges, bnt
as the paeking houses are ¦ filled - with
fruit shipments are going out regularly.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 24.— Rain commenced
falling here at noon and in light showers
continued intermittently during the after
noon. In the back country, -where tha
rain win do the most good, the precipi
tation _was;greater. At nightfall rain was
falling in the , foothills to the east and
southeast, but nowhere was the precipi
tation heavy. Ensenada. in Lower Cali
fornia, received more rain than did San
Diego.
NAPA, "Feb. 24.— East Napa has been
under water all day. 'The river overflowed
at ' 3 o'clock this morning and ¦ the woolen
mill and tanneries were compelled to close
on^account of high; water. The. Calistoga
train 'came as, far, as Napa, but had to
stop at' the city limits on account of the
track -being washed ' out -.just- above the
railroad • bridge. No .train from South
Vajlejo reached Napa to-day because of
washouts this side of Napa. Junction and
Soscol. No-mail was received. - v Residents
of . Spanishtown left their places of abode
No. Trains Enter Napa'.
? SONOMA, 'Feb. 24.— The Btorm which
began" here early yesterday morning was
the fiercest in i years and much- damage
has^resulted* The lower part "of the. val
ley is completely . under water and
marshes and reclaimed lands look like a
vast sea. .The high tides of February and
the strong f southeastern wind, together
with. the steady-downpour of rain, caused
all; streams to: rise. They broke their
banks and rushed-in torrents over the flat
surrounding country. Two washouts oc
curred- on. -the: California Northwestern
line and trains could not pass for. several
hours. Two hundred and fifty yards of
track were washed away a quarter of a
mile from Shellville station and at'Fair
ville' a washout of 100 yards is reported.
Just below v the large steel bridge/ near
Shellville,; on the Southern Pacific line,
there is another . big ; washout and that
road : is still impassable. This morning :
there -was about two feet of water over
the track. • Men are repairing the dam
age on both lines and this evening trains
on ¦ the California Northwestern' .were
making regular.. time. All bridges' be
tween this place ..'and Napa Were washed
away, cutting off; traffic. The county road
was washedjT-awayt'in many . places. So
noma creeljfVbtiOkievaver its banks opposite
the handsome of " Robert • Hall
and the 1 wa.teiufushed through This or
chard in torrents.Mearing away trees and
fences in , its < path. '-The new. road "con
structed along this course has been? swept
away and .the creek has ,. resumed its old
bed:v. Beyond this point travel>.was. ob
structed for some 'time.' ; Much damage to
fences, outhouses, culverts and bridges is
reported from outlying districts. . *
.SANTA ROSA, Feb. 24.— High water
last night did considerable damage -in all
parts ¦ of -Sonoma County. Three inches
of : rain fell yesterday and .Santa Rosa
Creek-rose seventeen feet, being highest
at about midnight. Damage approximat
ing $1000" was done at -the Sewer farm.
A: number of small bridges were swept
away. -The plant of the lighting com
pany, on the banks of the creek \ was at
one : time . thought- to be in danger, but
the : waterTfell : just before reaching - it
The • center . support of the California
Northwestern Railroad bridge just at tha
edge;, of town was swept' out and traffic
was", delayed all day to-day.; Passengers
had :to be transferred at that .point and
were' compelled "to walk across, the bridge.
The .early down trip this morning -was
canceled altogether. Considerable dam
age was done to hop fields on the creek
below the '.town:'- .".The bridge between her»
and'" Sebastopol'' Is • still two feet under
water. .- . , . *
Lowlands Are. Flooded.
¦>The,= cause of the washout -was, an old
culvert which had been filled In some time
ago" with v soft dirt. ; The heavy rainstorm
made ¦ a new channel and , undermined the
track, leaving I only a top 7 crust a few
inches thick, so, that thereal danger was
not. noticeable, except for the small hole
at«, one side of -the roadbed. But for the
close scrutiny | by. the i track; walker, the
work train would have been .wrecked. ' It
will take many car loads of rock -to repair
the damage. .-;..' ... - . ,^-
• The 1 engineer and conductor! made an
investigation of, the "sunken roadbed and
returned to ; the • nearest . station ¦ to tele
graph : f or . more • men. . . In ¦ the meantime
SUva 'flagged the oncoming, passenger
train.'*:-' •¦. - ¦;:.,-; ri-- ¦'. ¦ ¦ '¦"
Owing' to the excessive rainfall In the
past several days the company had given
orders ; that all track - walkers scrutinize
the roadbed • carefully for sink . holes and
spots. .;Silva' was Von his daily tour of in
spection « north of this city, v Considerable
time * was . ¦ taken'ln inspecting „- the ¦: ap
proaches : to the long trestle just outside
of the tunnel and J the dangeTous spot was
nearly overlooked. 'He happened to see a
hole about; a»* foot: 8quare:ori the outside
of th«r ties and upon inspection discovered
that the track .was soft.: A % few steps were
taken . ' upon: '; the ,-, track! vwhen .. suddenly,
underithe man's 'weight,: the/ entire faun
datlon'. sank. . Sllva . went I to - the side '- ot
the road, ! got an eight-foot fence rail and
attempted to fathom the ; depression, but
It j was . impossible i to find bottom at that
depth. :•--;, ~\ \:-- <:¦.--'''¦: E
¦ ; A'.' passenger, .train was in; a short
time. •.' Silva was ¦ Just ; setting .a flag when
the whistle of a north-bound special was
heard as the train entered- the tunnel.'- He
recrossed - the tunnel and .eucoeeded in
stopping . the . special at*r the r edge of .the
trestle. ,. It, proved to be a work train'eent
out. to. repair washouts north of San'Ger
onliho..; , ¦ v- v ; ¦_ ¦ • .•
7 -¦•,"'¦'¦ 'would .'¦ have been _ a '.disastrous
wreck -this No.rth of .'-Whites
Hill , tunnel;-:, the '¦ foundation \ of \ the , track
caved.in for many yards, leaving the rails"
suspended in the air eight : feet above: the
earth. .:"- ' . ¦ '¦¦•}, ¦?-'¦? :' ' ¦¦¦
ySr .'AN' -.RAFAEL., Feb. .24.— Antone
(S^ Bllva; a track : walker for .the
. r"-^ North \ Pacific Coast 'Railroad,
barely * prevented ..what probably
SAN BERNARDINO. Feb. 1 -* 24.— It * has
been raining here steadily all day and the
prospects are for the best storm of the
season. The downpour to-day amounted
to .5G ot. an inch, making 1.10 inches for
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 24.— There was a
light fall of rain- this forenoon, followed
by another shower shortly . after noon
About 3 o'clock It began raining again'
and for a few minutes the fall was quite
heavy. The precipitation up to 5 o'clock
was .20 of an inch, making 5.96 inches for
the season, against 12.68 inches to the
corresponding date . last year. • - To-night
It is clear and. cool, but the forecast for
to-morrow is - for . cloudy, •. unsettled
weather. To-day's rain , was. general
throughout Southern California.. r
More Eain j in the . South.
; SANTA MARTA, 1 Feb. 24.— Accompanied
by heavy thunder and lightning, rain be
gan falling here at 4:30' o'clock Saturday
afternoon, continuing- at intervals
throughout the night and Sunday. It
was first rain sufficient for th© needs
ox this section since last October. The
leeling of depression In business circles
due to the drought, has vanished. Many
farmers came into town to-day to make
preparations for plowing and .seeding,
which will begin as soon as the -weather
clears. One-half Inch of rain fell in less
tr.an an hour on Saturday.-
SAN. JOSE, Feb. 24,-Since' last Friday
nearly four inches of rain has . fallen in
this valley, according to the Bank of San
Jose's gauge, making a total for the sea
5°n :0 / 9^? ln ches... Last .night the rain
fell steadily, the .precipitation . amounting
to 1.25 inches. All doubt of a good sea
son has been removed and no better pros
pects for big crops of fruits and cereals
have ever been known here.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 24.—Three
quarters of an inch of rain fell here to
day. At 6 o'clock this morning a light but
steady shower set- in, which continued
throughout, the day. Reports from out
side points indicate a general downpour
throughout | the county. In. some S places
fully an inch was recorded. Indications
point to a continuation of the storm.
PASO ROBLES, Feb. 24.— More than
three inches of rain has falleb since the
storm began. The soil is in fine shape.
Crops and grass never looked better at
this season; notwithstanding the long dry
spell in December and January. There
are good indications for a continuance of
the storm to-night.. The fall for the past
twenty-four hours amounted to one inch.
LOS OLJVOS, Feb. 24.— The storm of
Friday night, .with a fall of 1.50 inches of
rain, was followed by warm, cloudy
weather and another, rainstorm begin
ning this morning, at 7 o'clock, the pre
cipitation .50 of. an inch. V The weather is
clearing, but the : prevailing : wind is still
from the southeast. Plowing and seeding
will be resumed in spite of the lateness of
the season. *v :
SANTA' CRUZr Feb. 24.— This section
has been visited by the heaviest storm in
several years. Rivers have, overflowed
their, banks. The San, Lorenzo is higher
than it has been in a number of years.
Drift wood in. large quantities is coming
down the stream. A number of wheat
fields and pea and vegetable gardens are
under water.- During the; night 2.52 inches
of rain fell here, while in Boulder Creek
there was 4.07 Inches of rain. At Big
Creek there was a big- landslide • that
washed away a portion of the pipe line of
the Big Creek Electric Light and Power
Company and almost submerged the
power house. The bridge at Can Gulch
has been washed away. The indications
are that the rain will continue. •
Damage at Down-Coast Points.
Feb. 24.-Two and slxteen
hundredths inches of rain fell here during
the last storm, up to 7 o'clock this morn-,
ing, making a total of 12.6 Inches for the
season- The drivers' report • high -water
and streams still rising, with roads badly
washed out in places.
last midnight Just before the water broke
over the banks and were saved. -Many
cattle perished. In twelve - hours thros
inches of rain fell, while - in Calistoga
nearly 71 inches fell, in the same time.-
The -water is now receding and men arb
repairing the washouts as fast as possi
ble. It is expected trains will be running
to-morrow. ¦
/.SUISUN,- Feb.- 24,-There is more water
In this vicinity than there has been be
fore In years. It amounts In some local
ities to a flood., ; Between here and Cor
delia the railway track has been washed
out^ and the damage cannot be repaired
until the water subsides. .Trains from
r«apa. Santa Rosa and Vallejo send their
passengers by way of Vallejo Junction.
The San Francisco local train was , de
layed this evening on account of the
water covering the track between here
and Benicia. In the vicinity of Maine
Prairie, east- of. Dixon, the country is
flooded by breaks in, the levee of the Sac
ramento River and many acres- of grain
will be destroyed. Around. Vacavllle and
Suisun .the heavy rains have been ben
eficial and the storm of Sunday did no
damage to crops. The rainfall is equal to
that of last- year, being about 15 inches.
Good crops of fruit and grain are assured.
WOODLAND, Feb. 24.-The . rainstorm
of Saturday, night and Sunday resulted in
the precipitation of 2.71 Inches, making
3.S6 inches. for the month and 9.82 Inches
for the season. ' All the streams are run
ning bankful and Cache Creek has left
its banks on the north side below.Cache
vllle and is flooding some of the farms in
that . vicinity, .i' The bulkhead -. to the
Stephens irrigation ditch, near Capay. Is
threatened. Cache Creek is, higher than
it has been before in five years. '
Supreme Court Denies
/Application of State ; ;
of . ; Minnesota!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
No^JEactfi|Go^|^^^ Sinks North of M hites Tunnel and
: Only the Opportune of a Track- Walker Prevents
Mm- a Disastrous Train Wreck* '
RAILWAYS WIN
A VICTORY IN
MERGER FIGHT
DAMAGING FLOODS FOLLOW STORM
IN CENTRAL CALIFORNIA COUNTIES
THE; SAN tfRA^^
Meeting, of iTJniversity : Presidents.
-¦ . GHICAG9, 1 Feb. ; 24.— Thirteen '¦ American
schools, composing ihe "Association 'of Am
erican-. Universities? .will open their annual
meeting; at. the « University lot: Chicago* to
morrow..' afternoon.'?: Several 'college presi
dents- wilU attend* the 'i session. *s President
Harper ¦ of , the .University, of • Chicago, who
is' an officer; in "the association,^v#M give
a:luncheon ; to;theivisiting members at, the
Quadrangle Club." r - •¦; v ;
¦ HAVANA, Feb. 24-Dr. . Tomas : Estrada"
Pal ma and ; Senor' Esteyes ic were)'* to-day,
fornially • elected' by.'the/electoral (college
respectively first President « and ¦ first Vice
President: of the.; Cuban .Republic." '(Sena
tors were also elected. - .¦ '. *'
Electoral College Casts Its Vote.
r COVINGTON, , , Ga. . Feb. j 24. — Ldddell
ChUds.f aged , 12 <fyears,V who ' is suffering
from hydrophobia, ¦ has ; been' taken ; to^At
lanta v for"', the .*„• Pasteur •...treatment. 7,The
boy. ' was :-. bi tten . by a* dog < two j years t ago,"
but ithe "-. rabies '.did \ not 1 manifest
until last AVednesday.- 'He i was' out'hunt
ing with -his brother, v.when suddenly.- he
was ! seized ovith r violent convulsions - and
began -to', froth! at 'the mouth. '
Dog; Bite Results in Hydrophobia;
3
» Delicately formed and gently reared, women will f^ _**ti^**&&^'-
!f0p- find, in all the seasons oftheir lives, as maids or wives -: / fr^^k^^0C"
.si^x . or mothers, that the one simple, wholesome remedy / . J^t '*^*^V^^*i
V&i ¦ '/) ¦"'tich acts grently end pleasantly and naturally, and la^^r^ '^h^^ l)
f<m~^ which may be used with truly beneficial effects, under
p Bfe ' an y conditions, when the syst€m needs a laxative-is— S^iBs' : ¥$$$ $>¦
*JF*tf~ J SyrupofFig^. Itis well known to be a simple com- '' r JM*^m!%&~
fs&gpj bination of the laxative and carminative principles of r^^^P^ 1 *
plants with P^ a sant, aromatic, liquids; which are fe//^^^!^!ffi^^\^
Wm agreeable and refreshing: to the taste and acceptable ';$¥> \®v-
•:|/ l^he* to the ej-stem when it's gentle cleansing is desired. . ¥fyf$?y^J$^£\ t% ¦%% ¦$$£&
Wffi***- an J °f tn 'e ills from which women suffer are of -, \%^^M^' ' -^ I^V ¦¦^%%
M'Jg&$ a transient nature and do not come^rom anywganio ¦ W^i 'iffiW-
; '$£a^ trouble and it is pleasant to know that they yield so ¦i^v^^^^^' "
y$* x promptly to the beneficial effects of Syrup of Figrs, : 4%\^^ •' " ?«2 wK0§b
{%A but when anything; more than a laxative is needed it fEps3 lip
.^V. ? ; is best to consult the family physician and to avoid ll|^^^^^i/ '''mllm*
th e old-time cathartics and loudly advertised nos- ¦¦'¦¦ :/ w§%<? **
:^^\y trnms of the present day. When one needs only to |^^§iv\^^ft!f 'J^^* ' * J^MtWi
•ti^f remove the strain, the torpor, the congestion, or \\ «^^w|^^ I ' kr
& M_, similar ills, which attend upon a constipated condl- 1S^S;.| S$^$0*/'*
li-!. ; (/ * tion of the system, use the true and gentle remedy— I^p^^^^^ \i&&*&^'^^-^
Syrup of Fip— and enjoy freedom from the depres- '•'
1?^S) eion, the aches and pains, colds and headaches, which ¦ *
'JE[Mjl~. are due to inacthity of the bowels. 'l^^^^^g • "
'^^k^p" Only those who buy the genuine Syrup of Figs V v|^^P^^^4r
fi^l; can hope to g^t its beneficial effects and as a g-uar- ' '^^^S^il^ "''
\\ l/vi antee of the excellence of the remedy the full name vfel^SiilV •
VjfcM of the company— California Fig Syrup Co.— is
'{Jig?) printed on the front of every package and without \]^^P\^ §^ll$£s>
WX&? it cny preparation offered as Syrup of Figs is fraud- <|SF^l9*i^3^'
r^p«^\ ulent and should be declined. To those who know the
$M| • quality of this excellent laxative, the offer of any 'H^wlilW'^
ff)y) substitute, when Syrup of Figs is called for, is 1^
'U2 always resented by a transfer of patronage to some %§^^HmP-?iW
l^X, first-class drug establishment, where they do. not l^^^^w^B^^
]t':'*fsZiy recommend, nor sell false brands, nor imitation
ff^'ji remedies. The genuine article may be boug-ht of all '^^^^^^^^^0/^ ¦¦-
A&~ ) reliable druggists everywhere at 50 cents per bottle. J^^^^ H >¦ P^^^»fe%
ADVEETISEMENTS.
I . Wetmore-Bowen Company. have recent^-
ly . brought; suit against , Robert ' Gorda«i ~ of
the-Del Monte -Restaurant, Los 'Angeles-
for '$?000 -damages C, for r refilling- Cresta :
Blanca, wine bottles. >,.;,••
| They fit from y|l^^te|
\ head to foot /illBl
(^J That is what 1 we claim for our $io made-to-order suits be- >j] \ , ilnNSj^'l I) f| ilS'HOil'I'lSii
U cause' practically it is so. If it should happen that the suit did not >Uj| j !'! iJflPwl I $|l^'1 J]l|| ISlTSsSffllr
\ )\ fit we make any necessary alteration, and then if the fit is not >1 1'jf/Tilra PI IrrflllllflZfAw
\^ satisfactory we make another suit at no. extra charge to you. • .-. |f|' || illlftfilljIrS^i^-l
jj .So .much for the fit. As for the wear, you pet our truarantte" Rwr |]f 3| a I (hi | : < i f||]'flj^!jliF^~ v -
fj, .that we will' keep the suit in repair free for one year after, pur- ifffi! I 111 'I JfcfilllllBf^*
<h chase. But if you think the suit not worth the price after wearing ¦ •' - mil H/f* * ' Hf lLtilii«^^^&6i^f *^ "' iT^^S^*^*-^^
' 7J I With fit and wear guaranteed and the privilege of money-back ¦ Fr&iE ilwi'^iH^^/r^)^
! /\ I offered, you can order without the slightest risk. J^ME'f;///aTOifflfW l lX/<' O
S) I We give samples. freely, to people who ask for them. •¦'¦".¦ flfi/rl/'l^w''F/i/|||'B' f^TV
'.";. Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing filled — satisfactory fit V •••» ffv -M'/l 'WilH'wli Sr r-^
7~£ assured through our self-measuring system — write for samples. ••-¦ I. Wl'Mi'nwWM^Mtf^r/c-
-'.Cor. Powell^ & Eddy Streets , J BM' '*'- ; Bi^&^o? ' :Grrand lOpera-House.
. . The revival ,< aft the • Grand Opera-house
of '. Hoyt's' favorite \ comedy, -.'.'A'; Midnight
Bell," K ; ; attracted-^ a :- large , ; audience V; last
evening-,- V, and Judging ;.\ by .¦ \ the f : success
scored ;by ; the c £ company;:; the'n production
should'do a blg : week's business.*' In j.".' A
Midnight/ Bell'.:-, the^ late,- Mr. • Hoyt> ; dis
played ; a true 'comedy; vein, 'and < It Is tbe
one , creation of Uhe popular .writer that 13
not - mainly > devoted to : absurd ¦ and "unreal
•sltuailonsNiMjffWfliiiWjfcJWiBf.- .'.-^. ;•
-The company at^the Grand Opera-house
gave : a . spirited presentation • of * the! com-
. 'Tivoli. >"..;¦..;; ' •
The famous hit of the' Bostonians,.'VThe ;
Serenade, "• opens j the i week. 'at 'the- Tlvoll
•wlthi^be '.old tunefuljfunny 'fav.orites'be-"
, hind j the ; footlights,, again. * . Ferrts-Hart- 5
man,'; the Duke, 'arid v Edward [Webb; the
Colombo of the. cast, '• furnish'', the. fuii.,
Hartman' 1 has - a' bushel- of i new * hits, 1 , and :
he - needs ; bushels , In i. response ¦ to * the I en-"
, cores .that he receives, .and "only I his; last'
car fJ suggestions stop - the -demand*. when
he'i sings ¦¦ ."Only . ¦•' Dreaming."; j;-Webb,% in
make-up ! and . in', his French dialect; 1 is " ex-' 1
cruclatingly. comical. ,-„" . - -.' , ' ; .1'
*r Anna Llchter-jis:the.' Yvonne";" and'.'- re-'
ceives flowers "a.ncU recalls, her song '-with'
flute i obllgato ¦: capturing i the :¦ house ">' and ;
three c tumultuous, encores,'" half of -which :
were : for i the^ clever '•. flutist.' -.The ; heroine,'
Doloresr - is. - charmingly,,; personated* ; by.
¦ Frances : Graham," ;. whose' mellow : voice ; Is ,
heard to.^much advantage ' In : the ; sweet :
melodies - 1 of Victor - Herbert. *.', Sprightly]
T Annle ', Myers - is , 'in ;'¦ the ':. cast; ibut X in ri the:
seriously - demure role . of .the ' school : mis-
7 "Way Down .- East" .began the., second
. and; closing week of its stay at the Co
lumbia .with' last evening's >.per
formance.'^ The ' production: holds popular
interest as* well to-day as when V? it .t was
first' produced/ .'The .performance is; in
careful ; hands and : the staging : is one ' of
the ) most \ effective given *, any ¦ of the
merous "rural. plays' presented here. The
•story told In. "Way Down East','. by Lottie
Blair. Parker is full of heart interest and
ap goodly amount ; of ; exhilarating , comedy
is infused *. Into the , piece ; to j keep it from
becoming <too heavy for the- average the
ater-goer.'; The final performances will
take place next; Sunday, night. There will
bea. matinee Saturday./'-. . -s'-. -
i • One * of : the important" theatrical events
of i the h season, ¦ ! Augustus Thomas' 4'Ari
zona,"; is; announced V for; '.next' Monday
night at' th©; Columbia \ where -it
will -be seen" for the first-time on "the-Pa
cific 'Coast: .- The piece has . been' a' success
In i the -Kast' for . the f: last two ' seasons ; and
comes" here; In;- the -'hands of a' fine com
pany, of v. players -: from ; ? the - ' metropolis.'
Grace ; Elliston; who > was ,¦ Henry .' Miller's
leading player - : last ' ¦'¦ season ; In <¦ this ¦ city,"
will be the Bonlta of "Arizona:"- , .).'.,,-
Columbia.
W. '¦; H. ; Crane's successful play, V. "The
Head, of the Family," was presented for
the j first , time in this city "at , the [Alcazar
Theater i last night to a crowded house.- It
was ' finely - staged • and i everything tended
to ; make fit a pronounced success. The
plot is something similar to that- in- 'The
Senator,"-- which was produced some
weeks ago by this talented • company.
George > Osbourne, as .the ' professor,
achieved a marked success and ' gave a'
powerful "Interpretation? of. the. 4 part. , In
the scene at the close of the. second act,
when : he . defends his daughter from' the
slanderous attack' of her (husband he lit
erally brought down the house. M. L. Al
sop: as ' Horace - Drake was dignified and
impressive and - thoroughly .* convincing.
Henry; Shumer ; as ".Parker, and Howard
Scott ; as : Winfleld- were • perfect in their
parts, the latter playing the villain with
consummate skill, i Marion : Convere gave
a charming and womanly portrayal of the
part of Amy Holden and has seldom ap
peared to -better advantage. .Agnes j Kan
ken, as Mrs. Parker,' and Oza Waldrop, as
Josle Holdenr did their full share : in the
success of : the play,' while r Lillian Elliott
as Mrs. ¦ Holden,' who wanted to' be, the
head; of the -family, was in her. element.
Margaret ¦ -Wycherley, ; a"» widow in "love
with Winfleld, ; played the part- with her
usual earnestness and grace. •
Alcazar.
tress in the convent, where she has little
to do and none of the singing.- The "¦ .'Ver.
Carlo is acceptlngly sung by Arthur n
ningham,- whose robust^ personality well
fits the character. William Schuster, the
Tivoli's favorite basso, as Romero, makes
his reappearance much improved in voice,
style and- rotundity. The opera is well
staged! and chorused and the work of the
orchestra Is excellent.
as dainty as could be desired. Herschel
Mayall was a manly Napier - Keene, the
city lawyer, and Fred J. Butler was dig
nified as the, village minister. The balance
of the cast played in skillful manner and
the stage : settings were realistic. ,: .
New Winter Circus.
The San Francisco Winter Garden Cir
cus will open to-morrow night . at the old
.Woodward's Garden Pavilion at Four
teenth" and Valencia streets. The entire
interior of the pavilion- has been trans
formed for the purpose. Frank Lemen's
'Pan- American shows. ¦ Bernard's New
Zealand circus and Professor ,Rawson's
Pacific Coast trained animals are among
! a few of the features promised. The new
iy .incorporated Woodward/ Amusement
Company : has charge k of the affair, and
•announces in addition to the foregoing
the Cook sisters, bareback riders; the
Dunbar trio, 'trapeze '.-. performers, and
numerous lesser lights, 'consisting of wire
rope-walkers, horizontal bar . performers
and aerial filers. .If the winter circus
meets with popular; approval it will be
continued throughout the year, with a
weekly change of bill..
Central.
The Initial performance of ""The Corner
Grocery" at the Central . Theater Jast
night was given before one of the largest
audiences that;has favored:the.big-play
house, The play, is a~ three-act farce and
is 1 replete 4 with mirthful situations. • From
the first moment to the f all : of . the last
curtain the audience: was kept ift ¦ a'con
tinual laughter. - :'';-..¦•:¦
:; The farce tells of the pranks of a bad
boy whose playful misdoings are. directed
principally to . Henry. Budweiser, a ; Ger
man grocer, and add much to his discom-
Steamships Fix Nome Rates.
SEATTLE, Feb. 24.— Nome rates—pas
senger and freight— for the season . of
1T-02 were definitely fixed to-day at a
¦meeting of representatives of the various
transportation companies doing business
between Seattle and Alaska's most fa
mous gold fields. For the first voyage
north the passenger tariff agreed upon is:
Upper, deck staterooms, $125; salon deck
staterooms, $100; second-class berths,
$60; general freight."- per. ton, $30;. cattle,'
and horses, per head, $57; sheep, per head,
$7; lumber,- per thousand, l $45; freight,
cylindrical measurement, $37 50.
New Is Offered Good Position.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Harry; S. New
has been offered the position of First As
sistant Postmaster General ' to V succeed
William Johnson- of 'New , Jersey.:. New
has not yet given his final answer, i He is
a member "of the ; Republican Committee
from Indiana and is the editor of the In.
dianapolis Journal. The change: will oc
cur, within the next two months. '
Steamer Bertha Is Floated.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 24.— The
steameV Bertha, owned by the \ Alaska
Commercial Company, • wrecked on Kwa
kume" Point, Fitzhuglv Sound, on'.-Febru
ary 10. has been floated and is now on her
way down the coast in tow of the Van
couver tug Albion.
Must Hang for Killing a* Sheriff.'
CASPER, Wyo.. Feb. 24. — Charles
Woodward, convicted of murdering , Sher
iff Wicker . of Natrona- County.Vwas ! sen
tenced to be hanged on March 28,' 1902. He
listened to the reading of the sentence
without exhibiting < the ¦ least nervousness
or (rpotlon. . /,
Nevada Concert;
The advance sale. of seats forthe^con
cert to be given by . Emma . Nevada
at Metropolitan Hall next Monday ; night
will , commence to-morrow '. morning ' at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Btore. •¦ There " is
every : prospect for. the attendance of ) a
brilliant audience. ¦ The great diva wlllbe
assisted by three European artists of dis
tinction—Pablo. Casals, violoncellist: Leon
Moreau, pianist, ¦ and Daniel ; Maquarre
flutist. Nevada is said to be in extremely
line . voice. '39HRBHHMRHfef»Si
¦' - \ * ¦¦ ¦ ....,.¦-¦,:¦.!• '..V' . " ¦ ' " ' ¦ ' ' [ - .' . . /
SCENE: FROM THE LIGHT. OPERA NOW BEING PRODUCED AT THE
' : TIVOLI y AND A FEW STAGE | STARS WHO ARE ENTERTAINING
' SAN (FRANCISCO'S PLAY-GOERS, , , .
¦\^-/ ' / • • ¦ • - ' ' ¦ ' ¦ ;-'¦'• . ¦.-¦,',..¦ ' - ¦'¦:.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 24.— M. J.
Lewis, known here as ''Lewis . the Fid
dler,". received word to-day that he was
among the heirs to a $10,000,000 -estate In
Cleveland, Ohio, which Is now in litiga
tion in that city. The prcu>erty . involved
Is said to be in the business center , of
Cleveland and was owned by: the .'lato
Leonard Case. Samuel , Eddy,' another
resident of this county, residing in Los
Olivos, is also one of the- heirs.
Gets Cheering News From
•the East.
/Lewis tlie Fiddler" of Santa Barbara
SAID TO BE AN HEIR
TO, TEN MILLION ESTATE
The new bill at: the Chutes is one of the
strongest ever presented, and is composed
of all Orpheum acts. Wincherman's bears
repeat their big success made there last
week. Rose and Jeannette are clever
dancers;- the .'Esmonds, musical artists,
play numerous selections on various in
struments In a clever manner; -the Nam
bas, Japanese jugglers and balancers,
make their reappearance and repeat their
former big success; Kelly & Violette con
tinue to be a great feature. New moving
pictures conclude. the bill. --.T.~-.-
Chutes.
Murray and Mack,- with their laughable
farce, "Shooting the '.Chutes,", 'entertained
a " good-sized ' audience at ; the California
Theater last' night." The play. has no per
ceptible plot, but is simply; a vehicle by
which numerous specialties are
duced. Manyof the jokes are'new^and
the two leading men • furnished 'pleirty;, of
amusement. The rest. of the company: is
"good. • Some of the t songs , are . excellent.
The costumes • and :,»- stage : settings 's- are
rather original, r : Merriment; and; frivolity
reign from start ' to . finish • arid the play is
certainly' a* diversion;,- "Shooting;* -the
Chutes", is dissimilar "to anything, which
has appeared In the city recently. and de
serves a successful run.' ¦ .'¦ ' • • .. .¦
California.
Mies Coleman does not monopolize the
vocal distinction . of the ;-; company, for
there- is a basso.; Wilfred Blake,, 'who
slrgs with a deep, 'smooth voice, "that
won ..the musical .right . way. Z Mr. . ' Blake
acts ¦with gusto and capacity," ,and-has
some of the few -good songs ,. of >the
piece, and with -Harry . Hermeen , Mr.
Blake takes care of the scant comedy.
Harry Hermsen; the former, Hans Nix' of
"The Telephone-- Girl,"; is excellent "as an
English . waiter, and has .a. jewel', of .a
make-up. The others call for no special
mention, and the'costumes and< scenery
might -easily, be improved ..upon. 'But
"The French Maid',' is worth seeing, and
the new; house fills a long; felt want. - .
' • - • ¦ • ¦ V • - ; • ¦ :'.-...;¦-¦
ya-^ LACE for the new theater! s Last
I '"111 night Fischer's Concert. House
t^ that was," Fischer's .Theater that,
IX - is, was filled in every inch of its
¦new and old space for, the opening
effort of- the new company that is to make
it's theatrical home there. The new
Fischer's is a bright, cozy, handsome lit
tle house, built much- like the Tivoli, but
•without the second gallery, ;. and/capable of
seating some 1300 people— who :'¦ were all
there.- It is Weber & Field's on a smaller
and less elaborate scale, a bijou theater,
but amply, large enough for. the require
ments. The new orchestra counts eleven
men, and is competent; and the . chorus
numbers twenty-four ladies, : a man . or
two'and a. voice or two. .'».'• . ¦
Considering the air round newness : pf,
the occasion, things went very smoothly
with "The French Maid", last- night. . "1 he
audience settled comfortably ? into its
seats by half-past eight, and the curtain
lifted on a performance, that went with
out any serious sag from beginning to end.
It lifted, too, on some folk that are new
of their kind here, and Bome whose. kind
is new, and some, too, who ase-very-wel
come addition^ to the local stage.- Ihe
French Maid," a musical comedy by,Wal
ter Slaughter and Basil Hood, is rather
flimsier in plot than most 'comedies I that
proclaim themselves musical, and less in
flammable than its title. There is a scat
tering of good songs; and a few charac
ters that Fischer's new .-.s people /make,
much of, with ballets, ; specialties, jokes
made in England, » and all proper > appur
tenances of the musical comedy. But it
served to keep the audience well amused,
and Fischer's Theater Is now in the lists
for favor. ¦¦ "> :' • ¦ ' ¦
Mile. Pllar Morin, who is of those
new to us in kind, would alone bewell
•worth seeing, if there -were not tho
charming Lillian , Colman the two
clever comedians.- Harry Hermsen and
Wilfred Blake. Mile. Morin. before only
known here as a pantomimlst, now.- : dis
covers-a delightful little wisp ofa voice,
and as the- French maid lends an -art^ to
the role that is .immeasurably above its
deserts.'. She has a facfc that says 'a, thou
sand things while the lips say;one, a face
that flashes, glows with humor, - chal
lenge, impertinence.' She -has "immense
chic, and her pretty little voice, used for
all its light agreeableness is worth, seems
to be quite sufficient I to her. need— which
is not great while Mile. Pilar Morin has
such a pair of eyes at command. / . . ;
Miss Coleman is another very handsome
girl, with a sweet round voice of the con
tralto persuasion.* - She sings ; . with V re
markable ' r sympathy, f and ; ; charm ,' "¦ and
made a most favorable impression on her,
audience. , Her song,<"I Love You,'\bids
fair to be among the much whistled with;
in • the T .week. ..,;-,.- . •¦;. . : - ¦>-".:,- ¦ 'S
: There is not a "turn", at the Orpheum
this week that can.be called other than
good. In f apt, It is as fine a programme
as has be»n: presented -here in a long
'time. The, harum-scarum acrobatic work
of the Blossoms suits both the gallery
and the lower floor, j Josephine Sabel is
still* holding her own and singing and
."ioshing" as merrily as ever, and the
.Hawaiian Gle<? Club .wins as much ap
plause as any number on the programme.
The Portuguese ladies' .quartet is very
entertaining.- J. C. . Nugent and Grace
iFertig in "The Absent-Minded Beggar"
are very clever ~"and Billy "Single" Clif
ford " makes <. a : good impression with his
clever singing and dancing. Blanchard,
.with his new -songs, repeated his success
of last week. His team mate. Warren,
and his sorig of "Rip Van Winkle" «re
,.very a funny. The marvelous tight-rope
work of the three Meers Is ahead of any
. thing In that line ever seen here. -
Orphcum.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 24.— Miss
Charlotte Le Roy Ferry, a New York heir
ess and member of the "four, hundred,"
.was married here this morning to William
P. Ldndley, a New Yorker. For three
years the bride, because of her beauty,
wealth and stunning gowns, has been a
marked figure in Southern California
hotel life. This season she has lived here
with her mother and a large retinue of
servants.' Her New York home is at 63
West Fiftieth street.
Mr. ! Lindley graduated at Yale in 189?
and later went into the British service in
the Boer war. He was with Roberts'
Horse, a South African cavalry organiza-'
tion. A month ago- he came here to be
married and' now this - city will be his
¦ home for a. time. . -
COMES FROM TRANSVAAL
TO WED AN HEIRESS
When a man comes before the bar and ad
mits himself to be a perjurer and murderer,
and gives no excuse or reason, for it, we nat
urally stop and etare at that man and won
der what kind of material he is made of.-. -The
idea of asking you to believe -that man is pre
posterous.
In analyzing the testimony of Hutton,
Spencer brought to light seeming . dis
crepancies and contradictions without
number. ' * ¦
AL.TURAS,, Feb. 24.— Attorney Spencer;
ir the course, of his closing argument for
the defense in the Lookout lynching
case, devoted much time to-day to a
criticism of the methods of -the prose
cution. He condemned the Attorney Gen
eral's office in unmistakable language, ac
cusing Assistant Attorney General . Post
and his associates of shutting out evi
dence favorable to the defendant and of
misstating the law and "harboring blood
hunters and gun fighters." Spencer at
tacked the court by inference, but made
no direct charges against Judge Harring
ton. Preliminary to taking up the testi
mony of John Hutton,' Spencer said:
ference, but Makes No Direct
Charge.
Attacks Judge Harrington by In-
SPENCER DENOUNCES"
PROSECUTION'S METHODS
ALBANIANS AND TURKS •
ENGAGE IN A BATTLE
Trouble Is Said to Be Due to the
Assassination of Chief
Mullaseka.
CETTINJE, Montenegro, Feb. 24.—Sixty
four men are reported to have been kill
ed or wounded during fighting which oc
curred on the Montenegrin frontier be
tween Albanians and Turkish regular
troops. The trouble was due to the re
cent assassination of an Albanian chief,
Mullaseka. The fighting continues.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.— The objections of
the Pastors' Union to the laying of the
cornerstone of the Carnegie library came
up again to-night in the Council in the
shape of a resolution presented by Coun
cilman MacAulay, which scored Ke\ . «
C. Meredith of the South Methodist
Church and plainly told the pastors to
attend to their own affairs. . ¦
The pastors objected to the cornerstone
being laid on • Sunday and because the
stone bore the inscription, "Placed by
San Jose Lodge. No. 522, B. P. O. E., at
the request of the Mayor and Common
The 0 resolution adopted by the Council
to-night states that Rev. H. C. Meredith,
in a purported interview, scathingly, criti
cized the conduct of the Elks on the oc
casion of the laying of the cornerstone.
Continuing, it Is asserted that the Coun
cil cannot "allow such insults and
truths to go to our local lodge of Elks
and the outside world without recording
a vigorousUbjectlon." The resolution de
clares that the ceremonies of the Elks
are fully approved and ratified, and that
"the action of the Pastors' Union In med
dling and interfering with matters which
do not in any degree concern it, whereby
a senseless agitation was started, tending
to create a feeling of unrest, must of
necessity be discouraged."
It is further Stated that, as the reported
remarks of Rev. H. C. Meredith are an
insult to the Elks' Lodge, • which com
prises many of San Jose's prominent citi
zens and as the cornerstone was laid at
the request of the Council, "we cannot
too strongly denounce such purported re
marks by Rev. H. C. Meredith as- pre
sumptuous,- ungentlemanly and unchris
tianlike."
The Council ordered the cornerstone,
which had been removed by the contrac
tor because It was granite Instead of
sandstone, replaced.
Delaney and ¦ Campbell recently had
trouble. Both had been drinking before
the tragedy occurred. Campbell declares
be shot after he was stabbed. "
While the men were engaged for a few
seconds In combat, Campbell received one
knife wound in the side, but it is not of
a 6erious nature, as the blade struck a
rib and inflicted only a superficial cut.
Whether the stabbing was done by De
laney bef©rt; Campbell drew his revolver,
after the revolver was drawn and before
the shots were fired or after the shots.
Is a question. Knowing the desperate
character of both men, all of the by-
Btanders were excited and were chiefly
concerned in getting out of the way..
Delaney lingered in a half conscious
ctate until j-esterday afternoon, when he
died. He is survived by a widow and
three children. ' >
Campbell put up his revolver and went
to the home of a friend to await the com
ing of "officers from Red Bluff. .
Delaney staggered back to the wall of
the builaing. saying "I guess I'm hurt."
He sank to the: floor.
There .was a vaudeville performance
and dance in Vmaon Saturday night, the
dance following the entertainment. It
was during the intermission between the
two that tne trouble occurred. Constable
Uelaney was sitting in the hall when
some one from without-threw a bunch of
firecrackers into the doorway "and they
exploded. Delaney immediately went out
and attempted to place. James. Campbell
under arrest,- believing him ' to have
thrown the lirecrackers. - . , -
As • Delaney approached, Campbell
hacked off the sidewalk and as far as the
pole to which horses are tied., Here it
was that the men came" together, and: a
moment later Campbell was seen-io press
Delaney back witn .his left hand, while
with his right . he ; aimed a revolver at
Delaney's abdomen and In rapid succes
sion fired. three times.
REDDUCG, Feb. 24!— Constable VL De
laney died yesterday in Vina from the
effects of bullet wounds received on Sat-'
urday night at a public entertainment in
that place. James Campbell, ; who " fired
the fatal shots, is in the Tehama County
Jail, charged with murder. Though there
were several witnesses to the affray, Ho '
two tell the same story. So different are
their accounts of the tragedy that it is
difficult to form an opinion regarding
•which man was the aggressor.
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
• Little Reyna Belasco, a niece of Propri
etor Fred Belasco, took the audience by
storm by her clever dancing. The. tot is
but six yearg of age, but haa at her com
mand buck and wing steps that wotild do
credit to' a champion.' A "plentiful 'supply
of floral '.tributes rewarded the tiny dan
seuse. - . ."«'•¦
i "The Corner Grocery" bids fair for a
record-breaking, run., " .
'. Michael Nolan, the bad boy's father, an
honest old Irishman, is not overlooked
by the lad and is forever falling a victim
to the 'youth's cunning and playfulness.
'.'James Home, as the bad boy, is well
fitted lor the part and by his spryness
and. agility sustains the character in a
pleasant- manner. , Frank Bacon, as the
grocer, is lnde«d funny, and proves the
right subject for the bad boy. James
•Corrigan, as Michael Nolan, keeps the
mirth at a high pitch in his effort to re
taliate for his youngster's mischief. The
play- is enlivened during the second act
by the introduction of specialties. George
"Cooper scored a hit .in a catchy song on
Chinese exclusion, written by Charles
South, and James Home with some dit
ties was well received; ' ¦
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.— Santa Clara Valley
will hold a blossom festival during the
week commencing March 17. At that time
the orchards will be in bloom and the en
tire valley will appear at its prettiest.
It is expected thousands, of visitors will
be in attendance. Each day's festival
r win. be held at a different place, and in
1 this 'way those who come will have an
.^opportunity to see' the entire valley. ,
W.' l^Onday, March 17, the rlrst day, will be
"reception day" In the valley; Tuesday,
Saratoga day; Wednesday. Los Gatoa day;
Thursday, Campbell - day, . ending with a
band concert -in St. James Park, in thia
city; Friday, San Jose day, and Satur
daj\ Mount Hamilton day.
.; Kach of. the different localities willar
rango a programme of exercises. On San
Jose day there will be carriage, automo
bile and electric line excursions to various
parts of the county and to Stanford Uni
versity. ; In the evening there will be an
excursion over the electric road to Alum
Rock Park, and, the resort will be lighted
: by electricity. "¦;•.¦
Each/of the towns joining in the festi
val will- co-operate with the Santa Clara
Valley, Improvement Club in making the
'celebration a success.
fiture. While the corner grocer has more
than his . share ' of. trouble because of tho
boy's doings, others are not , exempt, for
the youngster proves a master In making
it uncomfortable for all concerned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Denounce as Unchristian an
. Attack on the Secret
Order.
Gfl)|cer Receives a Mortal
Wound While Attempt
ing an Arrest.
Crowds of Merrymakers Will
Move From Place to
Place. ,,.:""
REDDING, Feb. 24.— A sprightly ro
mance terminated in Redding this even
ing with the remarriage of a popular
young couple, who \ were first , married m
San Francisco in- April of ¦ last year, ' and
whose' friends- .learned of- the first mar
¦ rlage and of ¦ the • prospective second wed
ding only two hours before the latter, oc
curred! For nearly, a year Amelia Cline
schmidt has been the wife of Carl Otto
Foresterv and during all that ¦ time Cupid
has masqueraded as a mute.' Miss Cline-
Echmidt is the daughter of Landlord and
Mrs.-"H. J Clineschmidt of the Temple
Hotel. She is a charming, girl of 19, who
has spent the greater part of_the last two
years- at' Miss West's Seminary on Van
Ness avenue, San Francisco. Forrester is
an athletic fellow, who is assistant super
intendent at' the Balaklala mine.'
The. romance began soon after Forrester
arrived In- Redding from Boston a 'year
and a' half ago.. On. April- 26 Forrester
called upon-: Miss Clineschmidt at Mls3
West's schooL They went .out for the
evening, and,w_hat happened c before the
young lady was handed back to the ma
tron's care was a secret until this even
ing. Forrester, is . an impetuous • young
man, and -when he persuaded the young
lady to wed him he_ ,w,anted the marriage
to take place in a hurry. The mother was
a long way. off, the. father in Europe on a
visit. . Forrester, sought a lawyer, learned
that marriages . under assumed names are
legal, hastened out to the City Hall," got
a license for Charles '¦. Forrest to marry
Amelia Cline, and the "Rev. John A. -B.
.Wilson -of the Howard-street Methodist
church made them one. Then the young
lady, returned to , the- seminary. . ¦
Several weeks ago . Miss Clineschmidt
came upon a visit ( to her parents. On
Friday night Forrester and his young
wife called on Mr. and Mrs. Clineschmidt
and revealed their secret. There were ex.
clamations of surprise arid weeping, and
at length came forgiveness. This evening
it was decided to, re-enact the entire cere
mony* A license was obtained, and the
Rev. R. E. Wenk remarried the couple
in the Temple ! parlors. \
After, a delayed wedding trip to San
Francisco they will return here, to re
main until spring, when they will go to
New York. Both of the young people are
prominent, socially and Miss Clineschmidt
has property in her own right. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Disclosure- Is Followed by
Their Remarriage in
Formal Style. *
• • . > * •
Vaudeville Show Ends in
Fatal Shooting ¦
% Affray.
V alley Towns Arrange a
. Novel One-Week's
; Festival.
Redding Young Couple
Announce. a Secret
Wedding.
San Jose City Fathers
Defend liodge of
Elks.
New Playhouse Opens and Plaudits . of the Big Audience Greet
V r - First Production of ''The FrencH Maii Jt
VINA CONSTABLE
STOPS BULLETS
COUNCIL SCORES
PASTORS' UNION
FISCHER'S THEATER FILLS PLACE
AND IS NOW IN LIST FOR FAVORS
CUPID PLAYS
ROLE OF MUTE
SANTA CLARA'S
BLOSSOM FETE
; - ; ; ; _ . -f
edyv and 'the "audience >-showed • Its ap
proval ; by alternate ,. tears ¦ and - laughter.
George Ober as Deacon Tidd kept the fun
atfa" lively-' gait '< and ? was ¦ ably - seconded
by Gilbert Gardner as the mischief-loving
boy, Martin \Tripp. Lilian Albertson' as
-' the school teacher won hearty applause
by a natural-, portrayal,' and. Lilian
Rhodes as Dot, ; the minister's' sister, was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAiY;! FEBRUARY 25;' 1902.
4
-Our ¦.•furnishings department is now showing the ;
latest in spring ; ? olf shirts.; Lt is a little early, we
a^m it,. to; talk /spring when the winter, rains are not
:yet rover, but we want to impress, you with
•: hat we are un -tfefield; early with the very latest up-
to-date merchandise. :; ; '¦'•'
These shirts. are made from madras and chambray
with or without^ .pleated, fronts ; they come in solid
colcrsfsuch i asox' blood, medium blue and dark gray/
aM each is ; fast colored; the, shirts are^ [
each
, . [ 718 Market Street
No soap i in all the .
world is so, cheap. '
No • soap ; in all , the \
world ; is : so good— none ,
so lasting^-- :
T)R. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
PSkWPLES
tl m E am E ju Earn Q&r
And other eruptions which mar the skin 1
are more than a disfigurement and an-
noyance; they-«re a- positive detriment
to the business interests and social suc-
cesses of the man }
— j^^j^^ they mart. CJth—
e|f^ *V er things -being
jm w 3ss«. equal, the man
with a smooth
jjgrT«jj*J>2L skin and clear
complexion will
B%iM&%i*r >^^^o n<^ eas i er to
®^#iW^ get a good posi-
J£0&T®$ff&8l& tlon or a S°° d
'ymlMS&&&± ™ k than the
\rffi%£%&&!*?&^*k lnan "^ r^ os e face
\^^^^W^^ shows the impu-
7eP®Pp88l rity of his blood.
a^^SI'teiSsiB That ' s ¦ *** real
Smm^W^ P° int - The blood
tS^^^^^^*^^S^is bad. And for
very reason
S^^^^^l^^ any treatment
5^^*^«r ! Wl w^^ cn • s design-
rfe ssS= fr !! *a=A/// ; B^ to cleanse the
l^^rSln' I'i'r S^ n mus *
\\ (^^j |l|/ .• cleanse the
j-t^^ W '• ' Dr. Pierce's
# '• Golden Medical
Discovery cleanses the bloo^t from the.
clogging imparities which breed and
f eea disease, and so cures pimples, boils,
eczema, and other diseases which have*
their cause in impure blood.
The sole motive for substitution is to
permit the dealer to make the little more
profit paid by the sale of less meritorious
medicines. He gains.- You lose. There-
fore, accept no substitute for "Golden
Medical Discovery. w
"I have. used your 'Golden Medical Discovery •
in a case of scrofula, and cured it." writes htr.
Wnx. .D. Shamblin. of Rnny. Cherokee Kation
Ind. Territory. "I toot five bottles of it for my
blood. I had •ringworms' on me and I would
burn them off and they would come right back,
and they were on me when I commenced using
¦ 'Golden Medical Discovery,' which took them
away, and I haven't been bothered anymore."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant" Pellets cleanse
the bowels and stimulate • the sluggish
liver.
.. Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or SteeL
. Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. ""*
Aploiine Capsules for three months cost $L
Dragglst or P. O. Box 2081, 2few York.
SUMMER RESORTS. _
BAY STATE HOUSE,
SANTA CRUZ, CAL
On MARCH 1 MRS. LYDIA MATHISON will
vopen tbe Pay State House and Cottages for the
-Beaaon. . -,-.• T
Those who know the lady's wide reputation
for good cooking will readily understand that
the table will be the chief feature of the. men-
age of -the Bay State under her management
but in addition the house offers the great at-
traction of belner beautifully situated on' Beach
H1U. In close nroxlmlty to the bathing . beach.
It* many pleasant, sunny rooms have been
newly furnished and refitted. - Mrs. Matblson
- offers to her patrons at moderate rates an • at-
tractive home for either the summer or winter,
be the house will be open the year round.
For terms addrees: . -
MRS.- LYDIA MATHISON, •
Bay State House and Cottages,
Even a- liar respects veracity— In tho
other fellow. ' . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In Three Words
It takes but three words with-
out superlatives to define tho
superiority of
Hunter
Baltimore
Rye
viz:
The Perfect Whiskey
CHRIBTT A WISE COMMISSION CO-J tn&,
. 223 « 225 California St.. SanFranclacoiCaau!
Telephone Main SO.
. 'l ' " . •.' •
One Good Turn Des&ms Another*
', Tour laundry here means relief from th«
trouble of making things clean. Q^j
Send yojir order And enjoy th» original-'
lty about our work that makes lt different
from the everyday, slipshod, ramshackle
way of doing up things.
XO SAW EDGES.
UNITED SrATES^AyNDRY ASSU
Office 1OO4 Markot Stras:
-Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Offlco-54 San Pablo Ave.
DR. BALL'S BEINYIGORATORIRgSa
Stops all losses In 2 i hours. Five lk3Er*"^w£
hundred reward for any case we SS« |ffi-fr
cannot cure. This secret remedy H C
cures ¦ Emissions, Irnpotencv Inq BT?«
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet! Pm KS?
Strictures, Drain«, Lost Man- HC'Jil uliL
hood and all other* wasting ef< ,'ivj ib*
fecta of self-abu.<><» or excesses vK'rr '*'--
Bent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. S5: truaranteed
«A5?? > o 1 1 VJ?^S; e -. Can or address orJers
HAIR'S 'MEDICAL INSTITUTE 855 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. Also. for sale at lOTSfi
Market St.. S. F. Send for free book.
rji j^*fff]?&»i^>x ri B '* " I" • non-polscsp^J
t V4fmn9' i^ t '<m\i J] JJ»me<ly for Gonorrhoea-
CURES ?m Whites, annatnral diJ-
gSuS a * to 8 d *^ f * w charges, or any inflamir/*-
mjSmj Qo«»«oim<i to ¦* tloa, irritation or ulcer-.-
!¦ A Pwreat eont»cioa, tioa of ancom men*
wl^. n a » I g5SS» or wnt in plain wr35i»f.
*|p»J * \JDSL h * ex P re8». prepaid, for
Circular Mat oa tossj-LEADERS OF - . MOVEMENT TO
ADVERTISE RESOURCES OF
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
When-' the- delegates from Sacramento'
County made known that it wished the
Chamber of Commerce to appropriate or
raise money in San Francisco for the ad
vertising of the northern counties, Presi
dent. Newhall remarked" that he did not
know that such -action was . in the prov
ince of • the Chamber of Commerce, and
he suggested that the • State Board of
Trade was the proper body to take up
the work. This was met by , the state
merit by a Sacramento Valley delegate
that the State Board of Trade is support-
r Messrs, , McCormick, Goodman and
Horsbufgh of the Southern Pacific Com
pany spoke of the work of the Southern
Pacific Company in advertising California
in the? East. The net result of the fore
noon session: was an agreement to-con
sider the matter further in the afternoon
through committees of the Chamber of
.Commerce and -the Sacramento Develop
ment Association.- Promptly on time the
discussion was resumed.
Tell of .; Railroad "Advertising.
. An account -was also given by Secretary
Weil of the work of the California Colony
Association to advertise "Northern and
Central California during the last year.
Mr. Weil said that in that period $60,000
worth- of land had been sold through the
Influence- of the > association anda great
amount; of correspondence had been con
ducted' With Eastern parties who might
be induced to settle in Northern and Cen
tral California. The sum of $5000 was ex
pended in advertising. , •. . .
Secretary Jackson of the State Board
of Agriculture spoke of the vital need of
advertising the northern and central
counties, and able addresses upon the
same engaging theme were also made by
Colonel E. A. Forbes of Marysvllle, P. R.
Garnett of Willows. J. C. Mogk of Co
lusa, A. R. Briggs of Fresno, R. M. Green
of. Oroville, C. P. Foster of the May wood
colony, and H. P. Stabler of Yuba City.
In addition to these the Sacramento dele
gation included F. Quint of Orland, A. C.
Irwin of Marysville, Secretary F. . E.
Wright of Colusa, M. C. Dillman of Sac
ramento, : Marshall Diggs and Frank H.
Owen 'of Woodland.
Will S. Green of Colusa made a strik
ing statement. "The resources of the
Sacramento Valley," he said, "are as
difficult to estimate as the waters of the
Pacific Ocean, and they are only await
ing development to be poured into the lap
of San Francisco." • «
the other parties promised 'also "to. co-op
erate, and a. day was fixed for the' first
meeting of the joint committee. "*\
There were many speeches made dur
ing ' the day. /»The forenoon was mainly
consumed in the presentation of the
claims of the Sacramento Valley counties
to. the consideration and assistance. of San
F.rancisco. .;•/>. . ' ;
An exceedingly interesting ana , instruc
tive lecture on "Recent Developments: in
Celestial- Photography" .was given - last
evening by B. B." Baumgardt at the First
Lectures on Astronomy.
: .Paul Schwab, a clerk, was arrested last
night "by Detectives Keynolds and, Nelson
for the theft of $1187 from the safe in
Tony Phillips' saloon, at 2901 -Baker
street. After being taken to the City
Prison Schwab, who was formerly.em
ployed by Phillips, broke down and-con
fessed to the crime. He saia-that h«
found the safe open and helped himself
to the money, thinking that he would not
be suspected. He informed the detectives
that he had secreted $161 of the money
under the floor in the rear yard of . the
saloon and the balance he cached in his
room on Mission street The detectives
went to both places and recovered all the
money, with the exception of about $300.
Schwab admitted that he spent the latter,
amount in having a "good.time." He Was
charged with grand larceny.
Steals a Large' Amount From Hi3
Employer, .and- Lands '
in Jail.
Then It was, late in. the afternoon, that
Mr. Newhall, who was presiding, made
his suggestion. He said that he was much-
Impressed with what had been said by the
eentlemcn from the Sacramento counties.
He was aware what measure of influence
Los Angeles had exercised, upon the des
tiny Of Southern California, He thought
that much might be .accomplished by con
certed action. < He would propose that
each of the three parties represented— the
Chamber of Commerce, the Sacramento
Valley ¦ Development Association and the
SCHWAB CONFESSES
TO ROBBING A SATE
Newhall Suggests Plan. ;.
The representatives of the Sacramento
Valley Development Association came to
the city with no definite plan, except to
ask San Francisco to assist In making
their counties better known. A modest
suggestion was made by one of the dele
gates that the Chamber, of Commerce
might assist financially to the extent of
$1000. as a starter. Some speech-making
took place on this Idea. Mr. McCormlck
of the passenger department of the South
ern Pacific Company vlg-orously advocated
doing something vastly • more ¦ effective
than this. He said that the ¦ Southern Pa
ciflc Company's experience established the
fact that 11000 would be of no account in
bringing about the desired result. He also
made the statement that in the last year
the Southern Pacific Company had ex
pended 5100,000 In magazine advertising of
California and $400,000 In Eastern news
papers In attracting attention to this
State.
What can be accomplished In this way
may be foreseen by bearing in mind how
the enterprising people of. Southern Cali
fornia attracted permanent prosperity to
their part of the State, and also iSy esti
mating the Imperial domain of the north
ern and central counties, which now bid
fair to hustle on their own account in the
vigorous fashion that has made Southern
California known all over the world. ;.
a permanent association to advertise
systematically: the- resources of the Cali
fornia counties north of Tehachapi,' to the
end that settlers may be attracted and
general prosperity result.- This decision
was reached last evening at the end of an
entire day of counseling and discussion
between a delegation from the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association
and the trustees of the Chamber of Com
merce. The plan was suggested by Presi
dent George A. NewhMl of the Chamber
of Commerce and it met with prompt in
dorsement on the part of the Sacramento
Valley delegates and of the passenger de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. ',Vi'C-:V: -' - •' • '^v./
for the purpose of arranging 1 to organize
' The trade " of .'all ; South America : ia -not •
equal to that -we have with Canada. -
Object' to f Mfs/ : " Bell's Account.
. Louisa J.. Thompson, off, behalf of;her
self ' and other creditors of the estate • of
the late Thomas Bell, filed an- objection
to the annual account* of .Mrs. Teresa
Bell, administratrix of the estate, 'yester
day.:,-;: Mrs v Thompson's chief objections is
tothe payment 'of "Mrs." Bell's family-al
•lowance.-?and^ claims "against the : estate
for -legal services, ¦ • ' - . ,
The will of the late Winfleld S.' Jones
was filed. for probate yesterday. He left
an estate, valued at "more than $10,000."
His estate, with the exception of , be
quests to a sister and brother and several
nieces, Is left to . charity. Fifteen thou
sand dollars is left to Grace "Episcopal
Church for the endowment of a free bed
at St. Luke's Hospital. Half of the resi
due is left to the Protestant Episcopal
Old Ladies'- Home, and to the . Bishop Ar
mitage and the Maria Kip orphanages
one-quarter, each.....
Leaves Wealth to Charity.
;'As the check. failed to materiaUze Lane
realized I that ' he «had * been', bunkoed re
turned, to this city •yesterdays and told
Captain Seymour of his troubles ' •
I ; Detectives Dinan , and .Wren ; shortly aft
erward , met ..Wilson and placed him un
der . arrest. .- After being, identified i by . his
.victim he was : charged- with ; grand lar
ceny., •' '. r- ¦--"--¦¦¦- ,..-, -
• Frank -Wilson, 1 alias Whitney,' alias" thei
Boone ; Kid,' a: widely known ibunko man,*
was arrested last; night by Detectives Di
nan and Wrenj and ; charged with' robbing
A. ¦¦ E. ; Lane, i a recent ' arrival • from" New
Zealand, out k of $350. f Last .Wednesday
Wilson: met>; Lane and ''steered" .him
a gainst : the 'Vbig mit" game! After ioslne
$30 Lane was induced : to : go * to . the bank
and r . draw $320, .: which ; he also lost The
following, day, Lane left, for Seattle after
receiving- a promise from. Wilson that he
would send , him a check for the amount
he had lost. , : :, ,..\ ..; -.= ¦. ;<:.?¦:. ;v.,
Frank "Is Placed '¦ Under Ar
• rest for Fleecing A: E. Lane
.; : : at Cards. /
Unitarian Church, corner of Geary . and
Franklin streets. The lecturer showed a
thorough education in the science of
astronomy, and the. subject lectured upon
was particularly attractive, embracing an
account of the latest revelations of pho
tography, especially in connection with
the spectroscope. The lecture was-illus
trated-by stereopticoh slides.-- • . f ; •-.
BITNKO ;^MAN» VAINLY
P TRIES / TO ; LOSE VICTIM
¦ To- questions asked by- "Will S. Green
Mr. McCormick advised that parties pro
vided with -literature descriptive of the
counties north of Tehachapi should travel
on trains and should meet incomers from
the East at Ogden- and in Los Angeles.
It - appearing that the Sacramento Vallev
counties ,. have in preparation • a • costly
pamphlet ;Mr. McCormick recommended
that/such literature be at once dis
tributed , but that care should be ¦ taken
that it should reach the right parties.
He also ! suggested .that advertising of
¦ resources , should be conducted systemati
cally. . i r'
When the day was over the Sacramento
Valley delegates. had reason for congratu
lation. Their work had .put in train a
movement from : which great results may
come.' They expressed themselves pleased
with the outcome of the initial ' moves
The joint committee will be appointed by
the several, conferring parties . during the
week. No limit. was - placed upon the
/nembership,- but general preference for a
small committee -was expressed. ,-<-*- . ..
iMr. McCormick made several interest
ing suggestions. He said that the valley
counties of Northern and Central Califor
nia were in need • of good hotels. The
Southern Pacific I Company could not ad
vertise Northern., California , and Central
California as resorts, for there were po
accommodations 'in the interior for tour
ists. Sacramento badly needed a $250,000
hotel.
. Use i of literature.
•i — ; __£ 4
ed by the entire State and could not, by
the terms of its/constitution, engage in"
advocating the claims of any one section
of the State. .
son voted with the Democrats. 1
Turner then sought: to. secure.;reeo'gn!
tXr^s in order to have spread on the rec
ords a protest of Tillman.-but-the-privi
lege was denied at the time.and\the Sen
ate proceeded to the consideration of
amendments to the Philippine, bill.
The first of the amendments taken up'
was that offered by Teller, declaring that
the constitution and all laws of the
United States which are not locally ap
plicable shall have the same force ; in the
Philippine archipelago as elsewhere in
the United States.
The amendment : was voted down 26
to 47.
Senator Hoar then offered an amend-"
ment providing that no person shall be
convicted of treason in the Philippines bv
any tribunal, civil or military, excep't
upon the testimony of two witnesses or
of confession In open court. -Senator
Lodge volunteered to accept this amend
ment, but Hoar insisted upon a rollcall
and the amendment was agreed to'unani
mously, the vote being 69 to 0. • Hoar of
fered another amendment providing that
there should be no punishment by any
tribunal of the United States, civil or
military, of any person who should fail
to give information of the treason. of a
mother, father, « son or daughter. The
amendment was agreed to— 38 to 34.
Foraker offered an amendment provid
ing that the rate of duties -upon articles
coming into the United States from the
Philippine Islands should be 50 per cent
of. the Dingley rates, instead of 75 , per
cent. It was rejected— 29 to 43.
5 Vest offered an amendment.- a. declara
tion that -the bill should -not mean -that
the Philippines ever should be Incorpo
rated into citizenship of the United States,
or permanently to. be held as an integral
part of this country. The amendment was
rejected— 24 to 43.
The. bill -was then passed — 16 to 2S. «
¦The Senate at 6:50 went intp executive
session, and at 6:55 adjourned. .
At this -point' the guest of the nation.
Prince H^nry of Prussia, was -escorted,
into the chamber to a seat by the side
At President (pro tem.) Frye. As the
Prince .ascended to the President's plat
form the Senate rose in a body and
hearty applause swept over the floor and
the thronged galleries.
Bailey expressed the opinion that Sen
ators could not be prevented from exer
cising their right to ¦ vote even though
they were under arrest. While Bailey
was speaking Prince Henry, who had oc
cupied his seat beside Senator Frye. for
twenty minutes, withdrew from. . the
Chamber, accompanied by his escort,
amid applause fr.om both the^ floor and
the galleries.
t Finally the chair recognized Aldrich,
and he- made the point that as the Senate
was proceeding under a unanimous,
agreement to- vote on the Philippine bill
no discussion was in order on any other
subject. He asked that this point be sub
mitted to. the Senate, which was done,
with the result that the discussion : was
declared out of order by a vote • of . 45 to
25. On this question Wellington voted
with the Republicans to sustain the point
of order, while Jones of Nevada and Ma-
Prince Henry Arrives.
Frye, in the chair, however, said that
the matter of keeping to that agreement
remained with the Senators, and also that
he "would not refuse to recognize a Sena
tor who rose to a question o£ his personal
privilege.
-Turner Insisted that the fact that a
Senator had been declared to be in con
tempt did not 'deprive him of the right of
voting. Such a contention, he maintained,
would be a. monstrous proposition.
Foraker and Mallory spoke upon the
question at issue. .
insisting on discussing the question of
the rights of the South Carolina Sena
tors to vote, despite the points of order
that under unanimous agreement debate
was not in order on any subject..
Hanna said that with the personal dif
ferences of the two Senators from'Mary
land ; he had nothing to 'do, but when
statements were ; made involving the
action.of. a; President whose lips now
were closed in death, he felt if was time
for him to sneak.",
"The ¦ statement made,"> said he, "that
a promise was given i by ; our ' dead j Presi
dent with respect to the disposition of the
Philippine Islands— a promise that was
rot kept — I i resent that statement in the
name of .the American people." (Ap
plause.) '¦' " . ; ' .' -
He was willing to. admit that thsre
might have been a misunderstanding, but
if any refutation . of 'the charge were
needed . the : character of "President Mc-
Kinley ought to afford a sufficient refuta
tion of it. , It was mot possible to enter
taJn such - a' charge and ; In • the name of
;he*-American people . he entered his pro
test against it. :: •' " ,_ : ', "
The debate was closed by Fairbanks
with an eloquent • speech in ¦ support of
thevpending measure. Four o'clock hav
ing arrived; ; Lodge offered the amend
ments of- which' he had give^i notice an
hour: before,": and both were adopted.
'¦The amendments were: "', To provide for
. the ¦; right s of ; to the Board of
General Appraisers, and. to fix July 1, 1904,
as the time when the navigation laws, of
the United States should be extended ab
solutely ' to the i Philippines. ;
Patterson then " offered his amendment
providing : for -the repeal of -the sedition
octs • passed '.-by . the , Philippine : Commis
pion j anda vote was taken on it.v
;• When ' the name • ; off", McLaurin wai
passed, t Patterson .. asked why, , but 4 wa3
drowned^ inr a. 1 chorusi from" the Republi
can * side i demanding; the /'regular ; order.',',
; When ; the i rollcall • was "completed .Tur
ner ¦ demanded -'to ; know : why. the name • of
the ¦ senior : Senator. . from : South ! Carolina
had not been j called."?*S^ffl^lS5^g®SBSyaa
; : VThe j. names u of :< both ; ¦ Senators - from
South Carolina,!" replied Frye, "were
omitted • by i the ; clerk ¦¦. by* tha; direction of
the 'chair.'.' .4 iv .,".,- ,..-' - :' ; ' ; - ¦: ¦; ¦ •¦¦..-•
Then' followed a long wrangle, : Turner
Resented by Hanna.
He' explained that while McComas ac
companied him in his call upon the late
President, he "was not within hearing of
all • the conversation and did , not know
what had been said. He asserted that
the President (McKinley) did make the
promises to him which he had stated pre
viously he had made. - '.'..•'
."I believe," said- he, "that the President
meant at that time to carry' out those
promises, but because of sinister and ma
lign influences he was forced to. abandon
them, and to drift. •
"I do not stand alone In this matter,
and 'my colleague in so assailing- my
voracity assails ¦ that of another Senator.
The same promises, were made to him as
were made to me. He is on the floor
now," declared Wellington, pounding his
desk emphatically; "or was a few min
utes ago. I, was not mistaken." ;.
-After referring to a visit to President
McKinley by General Agnus' of Baltimore,
and himself, Wellington, -speaking with
deliberation and emphasis, said:
"I desire to be within the rules of the
Senate. I. will say this. If my colleague
at any time will reiterate outside of this
chamber ¦what he has said ! in ' this cham
ber, then; I will tell him that he is not
correct, and tell him what I. will not say
in this chamber because of ! Senatorial
dignity,- because of parliamentary rules—
i hat he utters a cowardly and malicious
falsehood." ~
Senator Frye, the president pro. tem.,
ordered Wellington to take his seat. ,
The Maryland Senator complied.
Hoar made the point or order that Wel
lington was: out of order in using the
language he had- used.!. -
- Frye sustained the point of order and
the Incident • seemed to close at that
point. • : - ¦ . t
Allison and Clay - spoke on the pending
bill.
"He Is," said Wellington, "so ignorant
upon this question" that he nought not to
speak upon it, or his statements were un
true."
Wellington, evidently laboring under
some excitement, replied to some' state
ments made during to-day's debate by his
colleague, McComas. Those statements, he
said, had cast doubt upon his (Welling
ton's) truth and veracity, but he insisted
that McComas' recollection did notjserve
him well." ¦ '
Wellington Gets Excited.
McComas of Maryland said hia col
league (Wellington) had said that' he
(Wellington) -had been given assurances
by President McKinley that the United
States did not propose to hold the Philip
pines as colonies. He referred to Welling
ton's desertion from the Republican par
ty, but was interrupted by Wellington.
"I object," said the latter,-, "to my col
league's words ' concerning my desertion
from the Republican. party.'/ '
McComas said . he accepted the"objec
tion and continued. ' He said he had been
present' at. the conference .' between the
President and Wellington, and he denied
emphatically that the President's prom
ise had not been kept. It was absurd in
his colleague, he asserted, for him to
make such a charge. 8
Senator Berry said the Philippine
trouble had cost $500,000,000, 5000 American
lives,. and. millions of property burned and
otherwise destroyed.
Hoar said that he intended to vote for
the measure, unless something was pre
sented that did not seem "to be there. :
-Foraker. spoke in favfarof the bill.-.
Turner of Washington" resented Spoon
er's criticisms upon the Democratic party
for what he said were the strictures upon
the army of the United States. He be
lieved that it was unjust to the dead and
cowardly to the living to inject the late
President McKinley's name into the de
bate.
The Philippine tariff bill was then taken
up, speeches being limited. to fifteen min
utes each. „ .. - , ,
Turner Resents Criticism.
.On motion of- Hale the '- resolution was
referred : to the ! Committee on Privileges
and Elections.! -' "¦ ¦ . .
"Whereas,. The senior Senator from the State
of South Carolina charged in a speech on the
floor of the Senate that the junior Senator from
the same State had been : improperly influenced
in : casting his ¦ vote for ' the . ratification of the
.treaty, of. peace between the United States and
Spain; and, - - . :: . - . '
' Whereas, The said charge was emphatically
denied by the junior Senator. '
Resolved, That the Committee on Privileges
and Elections be directed to investigate and re
port as to the -truth of the said charges, with
full .power to send for persons and "papers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— To J'. C. * Pritch
ard, United States Senator, "Washington — My
Dear Senator: I was prevented, as you know,
from offering the '¦ resolution which I wrote at
my desk on Saturday, demandinK an investiga
tion of the charges made by. my colleague, by
being adjudged in contempt of the Senate.' 1
am now debarred the privilege and request you
to , introduce the resolution for the reason that
if 'the charges* are true I am unfit to remain in
the Senate, ¦ and . if /they are untrue the man
who: made them is unfit to remain, a member
of this :¦ honorable ;body. • In any ¦ event, I feel
that I am, entitled to a vindication by the same
body that makes j investigation in the proceed
ings for contempt. I herewith inclose the reso
lution. Yours very > truly. ¦ . ¦ .'¦ • ** ¦ .
,. • \ ¦ JOHN LOWXDES McLAtJRIN.
Pritchard then ' offered the following
resolution: .. ;¦¦;.;. \
D.^C, Febi 24.— An
echoof the sensational .fight of Saturday
was heard at the ¦.conclusion of routine
business in the Senate to-day. Pritchard
of North Carolina submitted the following
letter, which was; read' at the clerk's
desk: '- ¦¦¦:.J~?.;.-''^ ¦'.'¦' ,¦ . '/.
.In the Name 'of the American People
. Senator Hanna Resents In- V
I- ¦. ': sinuations Against Late
[ ' ';• I President McKinley.
Maryland at Outs on
/Paris Treaty.
Wellington a rid McComas of
Resolution v to Sift the
. Charge -Made by
M'LAURIN
DEMANDS AN
INVESTIGATION
VALLEY DELEGATES AND CHAMBER
ARE READY TO PULL TOGETHER
All-Day Conference Relative to Advertising N^^
ddes Upon a joint Committee Meeting. •
STORM AT SEA
DELAYS SIERRA
Honolulu Made by Oce
anic Steamship After
Exciting Voyage.
Waves Break Over Bridge and
Carry Away Her Port
Rail
HONOLULU, Feb. " 17.— The Oceanic
steamship Sierra and the Canadian-Aus
tralian liner Moana both arrived to-day,
the former from San 'Francisco and the
latter from Victoria, after terrible experi
ences with a storm of which Hawaii has
felt the effects slightly. The Sierra was
twenty-four hours late and the Moano
two days. During "a large part of the
trip both vessels were under slow speed,
and the Sierra had to practically lie to
at one time. Captain Carey of the
Moano reports a hurricane on the 10th
and again on the 12th, and part of his deck
cargo was washed way. The seas broke '
in the doors of the officers' cabins. At :
midnight on the 12th the storm was ac
companied by vivid and continuous light
ning, with heavy thunder arid rain. Cap
tain Houdlette of the Sierra reports the
worst storm he has ever seen in over
200 trips between Honolulu and San Fran
cisco. The seas broke over the, bridge of
the big steamer, her port rail was car
ried way and some of the signal ma
chinery high up on the bridge was dam
aged.
At Honolulu a light southerly gale has
been blowing for several days, with
heavy surf, causing the small interisland
vessels to make for shelter. The steamer"
J. A. Cummins. ¦ one of the smaller ones
of the local fleet, narrowly escaped found
ering between Waimanalo. this island,
and Honolulu. She struck bottom in pass
ing out of Waimanalo and the sharp coral
caused a leak which was all the combined
efforts of her crew could handle. A race
for Honolulu was made and the vessel '
reached port in time, a fire engine being
6ent for to pump her out and . prevent
her finking at the wharf.
For several days the weather conditions
here have been somewhat unusual. Yes
terday was the coldest day recorded here,
the thermometer registering as low as 52
degrees in the morning and showing the
greatest fluctuation ever known here, for
it rose C4 degrees during- the day. There
are indications to-day of another storm
from the south. : N, , ¦>,
Thieves I/oot a Freight Car.
SAX JOSE, Feb. 24.-r-A freight car' con
taining dry goods .consigned to J. B.
O'Brien & Co. of Santa Clara was robbed
at the broad-gauge freight yards ».ere
early this morning. Merchandise to the
value of $150 was taken. The thieves had
broken into another car containing sacks
cf crushed barley and emptied several of
the sacks, utilizing them in carrying off
their booty. One of the sacks, containing
some of the dry goods, was found in the
yards, showing that the burglars had
been disturbed in their work. The police
have arrested James Simpson, Ed Gil
more and John McDoolan on suspicion,
and the Sheriff's office has two more sus
pects in Frank Burns and John Smith.
San Diego Clergyman He signs.
3AN DIEGO, Feb. 24.— Many of the peo
e of the Congregational Church were
surprised yesterday when at the close
of his sermon Or. Stephen A. Norton, who
has been pastor here for the past eight
years, read his resignation from the pul
pit. Dr. Norton has been here since 1834
•ind has done much to build up the
church. Four years ago he dedicated, free
of debt, one of the finest church homes in
California, which was built ¦ largely
through his efforts. He will leave about
the 1st of May to accept the. pastorship of
a church in Woburn, Mass. ' ¦ .»
Section Employe Killed.
STOCKTON, Feb. 24.— J. Mortality, a
section employe, aged 19 years, and resid
ing in Tracy, was run over and killed in
the yard there last night while the cars
nere being- switched. One wheel passed
over his breast.
".THE; ';sANy^R-ANCJS^ 1902.
ONE week from to-day there will
assemble in the rooms of the
Chamber of 7 - Commerce in ; . this
city representatives of the coun
ties of the • Sacramento Valley,
the Chamber of Commerce of San: Fran
cisco and the Southern Pacific Company,
Southern Pacific Company— should name
members of a joint committee to meet
| in this city nejet week : and take up the
subject of an organization for the pur
poses ; in. view and to prepare a plan as
/far' as they could... .
This pleased the Sacramento delegation. .
The members agreed to do their part, and
5
APVEBTISEICEH-TS.
Sales Unprecedented in the
History of the Piano Trade
of This City.
The Szles Nat Confined to This City,
Either— Berkeley, San Jose, San
Rafael, San Mateo, Santa Cruz,
Oakland, Alajneda, Pacific Grove,
Watsonville, One to Juneau,
Alaska, and Two to Klawack,
Alaska.
"Wemldn't that kill you." cald a gentle-
man yesterday, as he looked at that $1£3 .
piano in our window, and, of course, he
cenae in and bought it. Said he had been
asked $385 for the same piano at another
Etore but an hour before. It's not the only
one of its kind we have either. • We have
cheaper ones and more expensive ones.
Just note the following
PIANO PRICES:
A good upright practice piano, with
etcol, $47 50.
A. few fine square pianos — -~r.e at $55.
another at $60. Still another at $85. All
good, too.
A fine new walnut-cased upright piano,
R27; same grade : instrument as o'thers
will ask you $225 for.
For $183 we offer choice of several -wal-
nut or mahogany-cased upright pianos.
Others would ask you $300 for same grade
instrument.
5225 will buy as good a piano as any
other dealer could offer you at $350.
These are only a few of the prices. "We
can suit you, and can suit your pocket-
book as well; 510 to 525 down will insure
«~ delivery of piano in your home; balance
at $6 to $10 per month.
ORGAN PRICES:
L.o # t*s of 'em. Can deliver at once any-
thing you want, from a second-hand wal-
nut Estey for $15 to a handsome Kimball
• pipe organ for $2000. and build larger ones
If wanted. (We built the one in the Mor-
mon Tabernacle at Salt Lake City; cost
&32.000.)
Organs, $5 to $10 down, and $3 to $5 per
month.
. Don't forget the place and number.
P0HHER=EILE8S MUSIC CO.
653 Market Street, v Near Third.
OPEX EVENINGS DURING SALK.
>fS?VDEWEY,STRONG&CO.>gg^
«_.^SB^330 MARKET ST. SF.Sm£f
nirrnni/II Corner Pourtk and
Unl L lJU ittL K-fcg-.j-sa.j
valise* checked frst
. Miss Teresa Cartel, the beautiful Sis-
ter who won so much credit by her un-
tiring efforts in \ nursing the wounded
after the Maine explosion; is one of
more than a thousand 1 nurses who have
testified to the wonderful results -r>f
Paine's Celery Compound among their
sick, debilitated and exhausted pa-
tients. . •
Sister '. Cartel herself was cured of
one of the most serious affections of
the liver- by only two bottles of this
marvelous restorative. : ">?. >'
Paine's Celery -Compound has ac-
complished : more in behalf of suffering
humanity than any other discovery in'
the history of medical science. It has
rescued from a sick bed # thousands of
despairing victims of 'disease. Men
and women- In all walks of .life have
been permanently cured by : its. use.
Old and young, the feeble and the in-
firm, praise its curative powers. -It is
the one true nerve tonic. If ' taken in
time, it never fails to restore to activ-
ity weakened kidneys and a sluggish
liver. The body has been made foul
and ' unhealthy with impure blood and
bile that ' originate in a 'diseased liver.
Cirrhosis, jaundice, fatty degeneration,
cancer and dropsy often result from a
diseased liver. The appetite is im-
paired, the blood Is filled with poison-
ous principles, the skin becomes yel-
eased nervous system.
Thousands of letters have been re- *"
ceived by the proprietors of Paina's «
Celery Compound and by newspapers
and medical journals from men and
women in every walk of life, all tellin;?
one experience — the immediate ' relief
and perfect cure effected by Paine's
Celery Compound.
"What reason can any person have
who is not in perfect health for not at
least giving: this greatest of .all • reme-
dies a trial?
low, digestion Is deranged, a morblej
condition arises, emaciation sets in,
followed by a general feeling of debil-
ity. These are the main symptoms of
a diseased liver. The liver, stomach
and kidneys are the great nerve cen-
teis. Paine's Celery pompound never
fails to restore them 1 to healthy and
vigorous action. It purifies the blood,
toi^es up the system, eradicates all pou
sons, nourishes a*nd invigorates muscle
tissues and keeps the body healthy. and
free from foul impurities. Paint's
Celery Compound gives immediate and
! permanent relief to all who suffer from
, 1 a disordered liver.
:{*'The best physicians openly indorse
It, use it, recommend It and . authorize
the public use of their statements that
Paine's Celery Compound, in case af-
ter case, cures rheumatism and kindred
diseases,' .purifies, the -blood,-, regulatts
the stomach, liver, bowels and kidneys
and rejuvenates the fagged-out or dis-
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
One of a Thousand Nurses Who
•Praise the Wonderful Work of
_ t .... - r v . ¦ .- -. ,-; ¦ -<\^-: ¦ - , ' ¦ ¦ ¦ »
' . ¦ . . ' .- '¦ • " ' ¦ ' ¦¦ ¦'¦¦¦.¦¦¦'
PAJOTE'S CEIiEBT COMPOXnrD.
, -
STOP THE PM Ml
IT TELI-S YOU THAT YOTJR . KIDNEYS : AJNTD VITAI; ORGAN'S
AEE BREAKING DOWN. " v
¦ ¦ ¦¦ k • ' ¦ -' ¦ 1 ' ¦ ' ' •
H/*^^ When you feel a pain, in your back
j^"* _.-% , you had better attend to it. These pains
j|i are • messages telling you of worn-out
1* ¦¦¦•$"H nerves, weak kidneys and weak , vitals.
\v 'r^'l You know the cause/ and you know
v ./*<j^£: what it'mea'ns, so look to it in time.
¦^ -^ r '~ l^^fl^^feJ ' : Dr. McLaughlin's Electric' Belt ' will
/^\ . 1 VWtV^V cure in ten days. It restores the warm,
y^ : 4H"-r I V^H'y\-»k : h ea fthylife to the nerves 'and kidneys. •
/" iMMfcjTJr / « s - R - Snllllns. Evans. Mont., writes Feb. 10.
/- ¦^^SbC*&ZrA i iKV. ¦[/ ~'£K 1902: "My rheumatism 13 eone. and my back is
>*- -^ JW JS^^ V ¦¦* \*m stronger than it has been for years. I am verj-
¦ %^ '¦O^'iriSm *\ IS weU leased with the belt Jndeed; it Is Just
•^V. - - : T- fo^liS ; * ' f> -*Ji what you reoresent It to be. and I will gladly
' /^* - * V' 'i/^A ¦}.' - "*V I/V recommend it to any one suffering as I did."
' ¦' • f3> k^^>^ "-if k Every man who has a pain or weak-
fa fl|Wf . — -V- "¦'.- ness. should have one. It saves doctor
'fg&M******^ "**' Jt- S an(^ S Ot ' tr0U^ e -
"¦A 1/ '". "^*^\ Call and test it free, or let me send
//-I y° un3 y book describing -how I cure..
"^[ ;'.'. Jf '._J * Inclose this ad. J
Tfci» M P Mf>T an crTilin 702 market st;-
I/l • JLTl* \J» lUyJjaUgUllll) aotta's Fountain). San Franclsca
Office Hours— 8 a.m. -to 8:80 p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 1. ¦
'. _ NEVER SOLD BY AGENTS OR DRUG STORES.From :he voluminous way. in which Governor Taft
is pouring forth information- on : the Philippines : it
looks as if it would have been better, for Congress to
have' invited him to write a.bookwjth leave to print
le row which has arisen between Great Britain
Germany over, the suggestion 'of interfering in
controversy with Spain is ' just about; illuminat
enouglr to show us that we ought, not to'inter^;
vene or' propose mediation between the present com
batants. " ¦ ' . '
FRANKENSTEIN MONSTER-H. 8.
&., City. The Frankenstein monster Is
described in a romance. by Mrs. Shelley,
1817, and is the hero of the tale which
created the monster. The story Is that of a
young medical student who created a
monstrous being out of the fragments of
bodies picked from .churchyards and dis
secting rooms and it assumed human
form, but was without a soul. The mon
ster had muscular strength, passions and
active life," but* had" no breath of divinity.
It " Icnged for animal . love . and »T|lmnl
sympathy, but was shunned by all. It
was moot powerful for evil, and being
fully conscious of Its own defects and de
formitjes sought with persistence .to In
flict retribution'; on * the student that
called It into existence. It. murdered a
friend of the student; strangled hla brid«
and finally came to an end In th* norths
ern seas.
Clara E. Munger In disc/issihg* American voices
for the Boston Globe says: "The Boston voice I
have found to be entirely free' from any twang.. It is
the best voice in the country on the whole, and the
diction of the cultivated Bostonian is more perfect
than that of any other type of American." If 'the
Bostonians do not now immediately grant the genial
Clara the full freedom of the city for life it may be
taken as proof that they do not care for flattery.
It *5s': stated that Lincoln's, birthday was- celebrated
nearf^.cw -York rCity,r at: the' country > seat o f a mil-"
lionairc^by'a cocking main, witnessed ; by more than'
one hundred wealthy horsemen, bankers and law-.,
yers; c s6 it will be seen that the annexation of-
Porto Rico has given a slight Spanish- American fla-^
: FREE NIGHT SCHOOLS-A. T S
°i U l; oi ; owl °S are among th4 fre"e
plght schools In this city: Business Even-
Ing ..School. Bush and Stockton streets- '
Franklin School. Eighth atrUt. near
Bryant; Fairmount SchooLChenery street
near Randall; Hamilton School. Geary
street, near Scott; Horace Mann School
Valencia street, near Twenty-second':
Hearst School, Herman and Fillmore
streets; John Swett School, McAllister
street, near Franklin; Lincoln School
Fifth and Market streets; Richmond
School, First and Point Loboa avenues;
"Washington School. "Washington and Ma
son streets; RIncon School, Silver street.
near Second; Spring Valley School!
Broadway,' near Polk street; Humbeldt
School, Golden Gate avenue, near- Hyde
street; Irving Scott School, Tennessee
street, near \ Twenty-second. ¦
In London things are practically as bad
as' in 'France,, and '¦even.-, the"; best, private
houses do not know, the luxury of an ice
chest ' •
The luxury of ice, icecream andVf rozen
delicacies in. France during, summer is
practically unknown, and the few Ameri
can manufacturers, trying: to foster a
trade even in the larger cities there, have
first of all to educate the people' up to the
idea of using ice. The American Consul
at Rouen relates his experiences for the
guidance of Americans who would invade
France with the machinery of refrigera-'
tlon: . .: -: .* I'r^'-'- ¦
"A few evenings ago. I stopped at one
of the largest cafes here and asked for
icecream. It was served in a little glass
about' the size of a wine glass. There was
certainly not more than three leveltable
spoonf uls, : and of a poor, quality, at that.
The cost was 20 cents. There are only two
or three places in this city where cream
is served. In order to make such a busi
ness pay; a great deal of patience would
have to' be exercised. In Normandy new
Ideas filter In the people's minds very
slowly, and the person .who opened an ice
cream saloon would, in the beginning,' be
regarded with suspicion. Then there is a
deep-seated prejudice against cool things
and physicians generally .'say that Ice is
most injurious to the health."
There is. however, a : J)ig, 'opening for
American* enterprise in this direction. • •
'Li tie Ke Cream in Ranee.'
LANDLORD AND TENANT— J. M
City. There ia a California decision that
holds that the landlord ot a building '
which Is In the exclusive possession of a
tenant and under his control ia not liab'o
for injuries to a third person by the fall
of an awning belonging to the building
This decision may be applied to* the ques
tion asked. But there may be conditions
In the renting of. the premises that might
change the liability. The statement in the
letter of Inquiry is not sufficiently full to
admit. of any other answer.
;..¦ The markets, are burs if we'ean reach them. Last-; ¦¦
season. there was. complaint all over the country of V
lack of cars to haul goods [o market. .That complaint ;
and, the knowledge that they lost a large revenue by- ;
mability. to handle the traffic offered has .prompted'- '¦
railroad? companies to enter with vigor on the task
of; increasing : their rolling-stock. The coming sea
son;;therefore, 1 will see every road in the Union much
better handling traffic than it.was last year..,
Here, -tlicn, is' another good reason for the hope' that '
is-inusiof a year, of unsurpassed prosperity. \ At^this
time, then, there-is hardly a cloud upon our. pfbs
pects. v- Perhaps it is to -be the- banner year of Cali
i fornian'ihdustties.
• Our fruit. and our wine interests have now become
among the industrial marvels of the''world. ¦ There
is niuch; competition of a. kind. to be met, but in* a
certain' sense 'most of our fruits- and many- of* our"
wines are out of reach of competitors. -There is of
course a large quantity of fruit produced in the East
err. States, but when California fruit , reaches the
Eastern* market the small, poor-looking and com-:
paratively insipid products ; of the East sell at a big
reduction '. if -'sold'at all. ¦'•'"*. ' ¦'¦'¦'
FEARS of a dry winter have gone glimmering..
In some parts of the State there are 7 now fears
, . of, floods and freshets. EveA in those sections
where the "showers have been lightest and least fre
quent it appears there has been enough of rain to*
assure the "spring crops. ..Reports from all points'are
bright and cheerful, and the' prospect everywhere'
seems to justify high expectations of coming pros
perity? . -. ¦ . ¦
: -¦ The expectations of bountiful crops arc made all.
the more-sure by the fact that the rains have come
at the timeswhen they will do. most good. At hardly .
any season are showers ; more " propitious to our.
varied farm and orchard industries than those that ;
fall in February. Unless the' spring should by some,
unfamiliar freak be a season of drought, we may look
forward to the. harvest with the Assurance ' that .
everything from the hay fields to olive groves will
yield- abundantly and repay the worker for the toil
and the skill he has put upon his fields. ,
THE FEBRUARY RAINS.
VEGETATION— S. M. C. City. The
branches of trees and shrub3 that grow
on a steep hillside have less branches and
foliage Qn the side nearest the bill be
cause there Is a lack of sun and light.
You may determine this «by placing a pot
ted shrub or» plant in a window which
faces the sun. In a short time yeu will
rind that all branches and sterna turn to
ward the sun, while the side of the busb
or plant, away from the sun will have
hardly a sprouting. BQ& '*«?-"
As he was a naval man,.; the street
should be where the salt breezes ; of tho
ocean can blow through its entire length.
Yours trulr, •'¦ • •
C. G. MINIFIE.
If this city cannot do anything' more. It
might name a. street after -him, hot an,
alley like Lick alley, nor change a por
tion of a. street to a new name, as was
done with Grant avenue. v ,'. r ~ , :
Has San Francisco no interest in the
man who raised Old Glory over Califor
nia?
Editor The Call— I am a subscriber to
your valuable paper and read with Inter
est that Monterey Is building (although
ruther slowly). a monument to Sloat.
Name a Street After Sloat.
Number. Annual Pay.
District of Columbia B3U . $4,097,243 13
Kew York 1734 2,056,002 21
Maryland 136o 1.130,843 02
Pennsylvania ;........ 1355 1.428,«13 01
Virginia 1!52 1,031,097 99
Ohio 837 974,875 01
Illinois T0« 896.596 SS
Massachusetts „-. 467 595.538 84
Indiana r.'... 439 551,852 56
Michigan 231 431,589 24
Naw Jersey ......". 33S 410,176 55
Missouri '.'. 322. • 4C9.790 34
Iowa .' 324 392,952 33
North Carolina .'.'.. V." SC6 301,863 94
Tennessee 277 319.837 54
West Virginia '. :76 233.8S6 60
Georgia 261 297,032 05
Kentucky 237 268.545 DO
Kanaa s *•••• 232 290.SC5 84
Wisconsin.... 224 28S.5S0 37
Connecticut .....":.,....'...... 193 243,887 65
Minnesota 193 241.424 08
Texas...... „: 193 214,219 00
South Carolina ..'.... isi 17$,839 $5
Alabama. 167 170 608 84
MaIne — • 163 230!l60 53
California 161 192,710 78
Nebraska 140 . 166.048 87
Mississippi 133 152591 S«
Vermont 126 149.615 04
New Hampshire 121 157 00713
Louisiana ;;jh 127,'l65 85
Arkansas 83 99 127 63
Colorado 71 86,704 52
Delaware 67 «8 772 is
Florida. ;.... 61 67 25S 5S
Rhode Island 54 65 163 03
South Dakota 44 iJg a
Oregon ......: - 35 u ,., ..
North Dakota :..-. v. 2S 26 ' 06 | f
Wyoming \ 25 34 4S3 12
Washington 24 ."'r"
Montana :........... ... 23
New Mexico 23 30 886 88
Alaska .-...::.....•...... .:.:... is ri'S: „*
"Idaho 17- l«73fl«ui
N^da-=±~ \\
Oklahoma ..:..... U . "•'"?=
Indian Territory. .....-..'...¦... 1 . '.^g™
As observed by the Milwaukee Sentinel
from this table It appears that there is nn
such thins as an equal distribution of of
flees among, the States. There is an offlce
holdingr class among the residents of th<»
District of Columbia who have secured
more than one-quarter of appointments
The great majority: of States have re'
ceived only an insigniflcant number of
places. : For comparison," the District of
Columbia, a . mere garden patch . in area
has 6314 fl*ed and happy, while Texas the
greatest State on. earth, has only 193 'men
and - women In this army ' of ~ safety and
' There is gathered in Washington a
grand army of office-holders. According
to a count recently made by the St. Louis
Globe-Democrat there are 19,446 resident
office-holders. They are employed in the
different departments and bureaus and do
not include the employes about Congress.
Those 19,446 employes are paid $19,623,505 72
annually. The distribution of these Fed
eral office-holders among the different
States and Territories Is given as follows:
Aggregate
WHEN Senator Jones of Arkansas made his
recent visit to. Nebraska for the purpose of
a conference and heart to heart talk with
Bryan it was- believed the mission had something, to
<io with Bryan's political fortunes and the /Demo
cratic riomination«for the Presidency in 1964. It now
appears that Jones made his visit not on behalf of
Bryan, but- on his own. account. He is no longer in
ji^position to give -aid. He needs it.- He 'has.
troubles of his own* and, moreover, they are troubles
in his own house. '. £*' • .
: These "are -hot' 'times- in Arkansas -politics. Be
tween'Governor Davis and Senator Jones there is
wai, and each is. trying to defeat the' other, for.re
election. • When Davis tried to get the; Legislature to
adopt an anti-trust" bill on the lines of the Texas act
the Senator went home and opposed the measure so
successfully that it was defeated. The Governor has",
not forgiven the Senator'and has brought out a can
didate to contest the Senator's scat. In retaliation,
the Senator has put forward a contestant for. the
Governorship/' Hence'- the Jones influence in politics
just now is a Very 'doubtful quantity, and long before '
the coming of 1904 it may be an utterly, negative
quantity, amounting to nothing on either side of the
nat'onal' contest. *.'
'- The- fight against, the Bryariite chairman : of the'
Democratic National Committee in his own ' house
naturally weakens the free '^silver faction 'of... the;
party and inclines, the leaders to look with renewed
interest for developments among Eastern Demo
crats. In that section '.New York politicians are rap
idly coming to the.front." Only a short time ago all
the activity was ifl Massachusetts, and OIney. and
Josiah Quiricy werd looked -upon as probable candi
dates for the party .nomination in the next campaign,
but now New York has eclipsed the New Englanders;
She comes to the front with a multitude of candi
dates and offers choice enough "'to satisfy everybody.
Whitney, it seems, will not consent to -leave "his
pleasant"fetirement / and take up the fight, and Hill
is looked upon as an impossibility" because of his
long. and bitter struggle >_with Tammany.;- -."butt there
are others. Among them' appears the versatile Dan
•*Lamoht, who has shone with brilliancy as a" news
paper correspondent/ secretary . to the' - President",
.member of the Cabinet arid president of various. cor
porations. One of liis friends in speaking., of .'.the
next gubernatorial campaign in New ¦ .-.Ypfk /said:,
"Don't let'em fool you' //They > can • play ; all round
everybody else, but. eventually it will come down/
to. Dan : Lampnt for Governor of New York, and ¦
after" that' the Presidency." • .-.'¦"> ...
' Should the rank and ¦ file of the , party demand an
I altogether new man' New; York is willing to supply.
Host of Office- Holders. '
NEW YORK IS WILLING. /
UNCONTROLLABLE BOY— A. S..1fcity.
If a boy Is no longer controllable* by his
parents and he is vicious, make applica
tion to the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children and advice will bo
given' as to what is the best course to fol
low. Parents have control over their chil
dren until they attain the/r majority, with
the right to place them out if of suitable
age and to punish them, providing such
punishment Is not cruel.
... . — » ,
- After all. it is- a pleasant portion of an unpleasant
affair^that during the' Tillman-McLaurin mill in the
United" States ; Senate both . men observed the
Queensberry rules and there was not a blow landed
below .the belt, ~and' Referee Frye did ' not call a
.single foul. ' ,\ . ./. . . /
THE MILLS BUILDING— J. R. W..
City. Platfs Hall and the Capitol saloon,
adjoining on Montgomery street, were
razed to clear the site for the Mills build
ing. This work was completed in No
vember. 1S0O. The excavating commenced
Immediately thereafter. The building re
ceived its first tenant in September, 1SS2,
but the building was not completed until
November of that year.
RUN IN CRIBBAGE— P. W. L., Alton.
Cal.. To .count runs' in • cribbage there
must not be less than three cards that
will count in sequence • order no matter,
in what order played. Thus 5-3-4 will
count a run of three, but 5-3-4-3-2 will
not count a run of five because there are
two threes and one of these threes is an
intervening card, but in that combination
there is another run of three, namely
4-3-2.
Here is an example worthy of imitation in .the sec-;
ular world. Salary is but income, and income is de r
rived from profits.; as . well as payrolls. Will'Mr^
John D. Rockefeller imitate ' his Christian brother
and cut <Jown,his income in like, proportion?
Mr. Schwab is' the president, of the -United States
Steel Company, at a salary of a million a year.' No
man is worth a salary of a million. There are work
men in the steel mills, where Mr. Schwab used to
labor, who can manage the steel company r just as
well as he for much less money.- May we ask ]Cl'r.*
Schwab- to* "¦turn his eye toward Dr. Gregg's ex
ample, and relinquish the unearned part of his salary
to be ad&ed-to^e'-dividends^due the stockholders?
Then there is our friend Mr. J.. Pierpont Morgan^
the modern Midas, whose touch turns everything to
gold, Of' at -least to interest-bearing bonds/ ...If/ tie.
would see Dr. Gregg's example and go him one bet'-"
ter and let go of a few things and give somebody
else, a chance at the plums in the business pudding, he
wourd^addJto his popularity and' get a needed rest at
the saiflV-tiine. : ' I : , : .' '.; : '
We will not. mention Mr. Carnegie in this connec
tion, for he counts a month lost in which lie does not
let go several millions for some benevolent and use
ful purpose. Indeed, we class him with Dr. \ Gregg,
as a gopd example. and a cheerful giver.- He has.
thoroughly. ileafned- that 1 shrouds :h?.ve- no pockets,
and all-ieave the" world as poor as«theycarne>inti)'it.
But there are others who should send to Dr* Gregg
immediately for his recipe for letting go a salary, and
take a dose before every meal until it works'.
power as a preacher. Indeed, so greatly have things
grown, under his hand that the parish has had to
build, two chapels . to take the overflow. In the
midst of. tlnsihard'and good work Dr. Gregg has sur
prised everybody;* bv requesting.' that his salary b.e re_
duccd from $10,000 to $8,600,. modestly, declaring thatj
his work is worth no more!
A GOOD EXAMELE.
rr^Q' Vbat'.quiTrter. shall men look for good cx-
I ample if not to' the clergy? Just jipw they are
A not looking in vain. The great Presbyterian
church, af - Lafayette avenue, Brooklyn, has long had
for its' pastor the Rev. . David Gregg. For twelve
years he-has preachfd in that pulpit and ministered
to that parish with great ability an* deyotion %J His
salary halliot oriiy* been* $16,000 a year/ ij'utiit-flias
been promptly paid. , Under his care the'; church has
greatly prospered/ His congregation has in.it
twelve hundred enrolled members, and many not on
¦\he rolls attend regularly, attracted by his talent and
BLUE VELVET-A. G. G., City. Aa
your communication asking: for a method
to clean blue velvet does not state -what
produced the condition of the velvet it
Is impossible to state what method should
be employed. Suggest that the safest
way -Is to place the velvet in the hands
of a professorial cleaner, as you may un
dertake to clean the same without having
had experience and possibly ruin It.
Judgp Frank H. Short is a guest at the
Palace. He is up from Fresno - in refer
ence to several railroad cases now being
tried in this city. • •
E. Emmington, a merchant of Collind
ville, ia here on a short business trip. He
has made his headquarters at the Russ.
J. B. Stubbs, a prominent resident of
Cleveland, is at the Palace. He sails to
day for a trip to the Orient. <:•;
P. George Gow, manager of the Juni
per mine, near Redding, is registered at
the Palace.
A.P. Stewtirt; traveling passenger agent
of the, Chicago and Alton, is at the Oc
cidental.
F. *H. Kennedy, an attorney ¦ of Stock
ton, is among the arrivals at the Cali
fornia. .
H. .Woodward of London is among the
arrivals at the Grand. He is touring the
•world.
C. N. Sterry.-chlef counsel of the Santa,
Fe at Los Angeles',' is at the Palace. : •";
- ' F^M. SnidelerVa well known resident of
Eureka, Vis among the' arrivals at the
Lick; • ...; '-¦: • K v ;i}X
W. Denby, a resident of Juneau, Alaska,
is staying at the California. .
M. \ M. 'Grag'B. a prominent resident of
Monterey, is at the Occidental. .
', Dr. M. J. Murray of Los Angeles is at
the. California. \
J. I* Barham, a merchant of Red Bluff,
is at the Grand. .
James Cass of Cayucos Is down here on
a short- business- trip; . . ¦•
Barney Galloway, a merchant of Walnut
Creek, is at the Russ. /vV'.'i
J. L. Johnson, Sheriff of Mendocino
;County, Is at the Russ.
r Frank Barnes, an attorney of Los An
geles, is at the Grand. ;
NATIONAL GUARD—V.. City. Tha
members of the National Guard who ara
entitled to pay which, was . recently al
lowed by the Federal Government . will
have to wait for the same until the adju- .
tant's office at Sacramento announces
that the money la ready for distribution.
Xb date for such distribution has yet been"
announced.
"How?" l
"Why, the-^chainnan wouldn't .let me"
talk just because some one else was talk
ing—as If that made any difference. 1 *—
Chicago Post. .
"Why did you resign from your club?"
he asked.
"Oh, they were so absurdly particular,"
she replied. / -\ : '
"Did you ever! Wouldn't that make a
just too lovely, face enamel?"— Cleveland
Plain Dealer. • , * " '
"I notice, my dear, that a process has
been discovered whereby glass is made
soluble and turned into a liquid that can
be applied to all sorts of surface's with a
brush. Just like paint."
; "And what is. that?" . "/¦ \
"We are sometimes free from \ the in
structive comments of the man who saw
the play in New York."— Washington
Times. y
•; '.'There's one advantage in being a do?
town.", ¦ ....>.--
"I. never lose my temper when a man
Insults me," said Broncho Bob.
"But you didn't waste any time on
Coyote Bill."
• "No. But I didn't lose my temper. I*v«
learned by experience that nothing keeps
a man from shooting straight like losing
his temper."-Chicago Tribune.
"Bigsby must have been hard hit by the
tumble in copper stock."
"What makes you think so?"
"Jackson showed him an old pocket
piece that he carries about and Blgsby
almost fainted ¦ away."
"Why?"
"Because it was copper."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer. -.-.• ,- ; ." .
A CHANCE TO SMILE;
INK SPOTS— H. H. B. City. Ink spots
may be- removed from fabrics by the use
of either salt of lemons, dilute muriatic
acid, oxalic add. or tartarlc add and
hot water, but all such. . while taking: out
ink stains, Injure the fabric unless the
work is done by an experienced person.
MARRIED NAME— Reader, Lockeiord,
San Joaquin County, Cal. There i» no
statutory law that compels & woman who
marries to take the name of the man she
marries, but by common usage— and that
comes pretty near being law— the woman
takes her husband's name.
PERSONAL MENTION.
REPRODUCED abbve.'is the great picture which J. Pierpont Morgan re
cently bought in Europe for $500,000 from M. Sedelmeyer.' It was painted
In 1503 for the nuns of St. Anthony of Padua at Perugia, and subsequent
r. ....-, into the possession .of the Colonna family at Rome, and Is
v known asthe Colonna vRaphael. Four of the five panels -which formed
the predella of^this picture are on exhibition among-the old masters at the RoyaL
Academy in London, the fifth,' representing the Pieta, being in this country. . One
. of them, "The Agony in the Garden," belongs to the Baroness Burdett-Coutts.
two others, representing St. . Francis o.f Asslsi and St.\ Anthony of Padua, to
Dulwich College, while a fourth, "The Procession to Calvary," 'belongs to Lord
Windsor. Morgan' will have to pay- nearly $100,000 duty if he wishes to^bring
the picture to. America, j It is reported that he will not do so, but that the
Raphael; his famous Gainsborough, the Mannheim collection of Limoges enamels
and other art treasures will remain in h!a London house.
EMPLOYER'S RIGHT— C. E. H., Locke
ford, Cal. This department does not know
"of any law that will prevent an employer
from discharging an employe because he
voted for a candidate whose political creed
was not that ot the employer.
RAPHAEL'S FAMOUS PAINTING OF THE MADONNA OF ' ST. AN
.; THONY; OF FOR /WHICH .MORGAN PAID JoOO.000. THE
DUXi' ONIT WILL BE NEARLY $100,000. •
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 25, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ¦'? -
Address All Cemmusicktiou to W. 8. LEASE, K&niger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE ..Telephone Pre»».2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICC.Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201. -
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone J Press 202.
Delivered V»y Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weel*.
- Single Copies, 5 Cents.
..Terms by Mall,. Including Postasret*
DAILT CALL, (tecludlns Sunday); one year. 56.00
I)Air.f*CALU ancluilny Sunday). 6 month* . ..... 8.00
DAILY CALL. OnclmUns' Sunday)^ 3 months,...'.^ 1.80
DAILY" CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear l-Sil
WEEKLY .CALL, One ,Tear. .....;{ ;•.•••»• • 1 '°°
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions. ...
£&n^»le copies wlrf be forwarded when reauested.
Matl'witscrlbers- !n orderlnet change ot 'address should be
particular to eive both NEW AND OLD ADDRBSS In. order
tc insure a prompt and ' correct compliance ¦with their requt*t-
OAKLAND OFFICE ..*..*.. 1118 Broadway
d GEORGE KROGXESS.
M tntger Te reign AtTertising, - K&rqcette B nil din 5, Chicigo.
<Loos Distance Telephon? "Central 2618.") '.
NEW TOUK CORRESPONDENT: >
C. C CARLTO3T. .'. Herald Sanare
/ NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: -v
STEPHEX B.S3IITH. .¦.....:. .'30 Tribune Bnlldlng
* ' ' NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: ; •' *
Waldorf-Astoria , Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Murray BUI ' Hotel. .. ' - '
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
w»»erm£n House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. t •.".V "•-"•
•WASHIXiGTpxitbl OO'OFKICB. !, !l4O6G St., X. W.
. MORTOJT.E. CRA^K, ¦ Correspondent.
•"^j \'A »•¦ r/,; .-.'• ; — — — ; — r. '<:-'¦'*¦ '-.
BSAACH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery, cbrr.er of CUy. cpeii
¦ until 9 :30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9 :30 o'clock. C33
McA.!U9ter. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
• :30 o'clock 19*1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. '2261
Marker, ccrcc 1 Elztee&th, open until 9 o'clock.^ 1033 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until J{ o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
FEE TAILr--C, F.. Freeport. Cal. ,Feo
tall as descriptive ofc^in estate In lands ;,
was borrowed from tfte feudlsta, amorijj
whom It signified any mutilated or trun
cated inheritance from which the heirs
general were cut off.
JDIVORCE— B. S.. City. The divorce
laws of the Hawaiian Islands are not gov
erned by the laws of California. In thia
State no person can legally marry within
one year after the. granting of the decree "
of divorce.
OSTEOPATHY— E. B. A.. California.
Under the laws of California osteopathy
is considered a method of healing the
sick, and those who practice It must take
out a.llcensej the same a» any other prac
titioners.
BAIT r'OR BASS— H. H., Medrone. Cal.
If you are a genuine^ sportsman and de
sire to catch lake bass you will use flies,
but If you are an ordinary fisherman you
may' use spoons or other bait.
' A QUARTER OF 1S33— W.. Watsonville,
Cal. A quarter of 1833 does not command
a premium unles It be one that is without
arrowheads at the date or rays around .
the eagle. . .
Questions of- the relative .numbers of marriages:
and of .births in proportion to population, which now
occupy so much of the attention of . sociologists,
were carefully studied in comp'iling the census. ' ..It
appears*. that . of . the total numbcr'of males' 1,292,594
are unmarried, 777,3^3 are married and 72,128 are
widowed. Of the females 1,403,842 are unmarried,
793,097. are married, arid I97,5i7_are widowed. An
interesting .note to one of the tables says: "The
proportion of the married to the population at all
ages is now higher than it was in 1891, owing to the
decrease in the. proportion. ''of children through the
decline in the birth rate. The proportion of the mar-;
riedy however, if calculated on the population aged
upward. of twenty years, is distinctly lower than it
was ten years ago, both among males. and females."
>*-^ ENSUS figures relating to.; London collected
I .; :. ..• : last year have just been . compiled and pub
: >- - r : lished officially. ¦'• Among them are many in-
teresting facjs,' one; of the more notable of >^hich is
the "revelation that cheap and ready means of urban
transportation have had thei effect of building. up the
suburbs of the huge; metropolis? much more rapidly ,
than «the city '"¦ itself.- Thus while the population of.
London, the administrative' county, was found to be;
lasjt'a'ear^S^s^i; showing an. increase of something
overJ7.per,cent since the previous census, the popula- '
jtion of, what might be called "Greater : London"
amounted, to 6,581,372,^showing an increase, of 947,
000. during "the decade.'. Within the six central bor
oughs, of the city-there* was- an. actual decrease of.
67,000 in the population. . . : =? " ..-•'¦
: -< That -much r of , the 'showing of 'the ' census is of
course highly gratifying, since it' attests/the' increas- .
ing comfort of thej.0eople and the lessening tendency
toward overcrowding, which at one time, threatened
to^be a ; serious j evil;;;- Statistics 'relating, to labor show
that the percentage of the total population abo^ the
age of ten years engaged in. gainful occupations was
83.6 for males and 37.4 for women. Among women
there was. an increase of 181 per cent in' the number
employed as clePks, 77.6 per. cent" in the. civil service,;,
while those engaged ; in domestic service increased
only 1.7 per cent. '¦'¦ "¦"- ;-..¦ ' ¦': ' : ¦¦ ¦'. -.-. ';¦" '.- ¦*"'•' •_
The variations in the percentages of difle/ent lines
of employment among men are 'even, more interest
ing than those among women. The . \Vestminster
Gazette .says: "Actors, for instance^; appear to have
increased amazingly in number: during, the last ten
years. In 1891, there were 1271; in 1001, 2234- — or an
increase of over 75 per.:. 'cent/V Author^,; -editors,
journalists,' reporters. and shorthand writers' appear
also to have extended their ranks considerably, the
figures showing an^, advance from-,.27o.2 to 3466.
Schoolmasters and teachers have gone up from, 6727
to 7359. Civil servants have also',, multiplied abund-.
antly, since there are now 15,684 •' of them against
u,537 a decade since. . Commercial, clerks have risen
from 71.387. to 84,317. But the biggest; increase of all
relates to those connected with /the electrical indus
try, whq have swollen in numbers- 'frorij' '4801; to
12,788— a grpwth of more than 166 per cent. Those
engaged in the explosives and matches trade .come
next in this respect— 929 to 2305, or "a gain, of 148 per
cent. On the othef hand^river-andrcanal workers
have fallen off. 20 per cent, bookbinders 4 per cent;
silkworkers 50 per cent, and boot atid shoe makers
and, dealers 13 per cent." . ' \/ , ...-.¦ . . .
'^Although London .has. long been the metropolis
01 the; world, it is far from being a cosmopolitan city
in respect to its. population. .Morcthan 3,000,000 of
its people -were born in the city itself, and the great
majority of the remaining population " were born
either within the kingdom or in British colonies.
Persons of foreign birth numbered only 161,222, and
of- these 20,224 were British subjects, 1 ' 5.621 were nat-,
uralized British subjects, and 135,377 were. foreigners;
an increase in the case of the last-named of 40,324
since 1891.' Of; the 135,377 foreigners 79,804 are males
and 55.573 females. Natives of Russia'are the most
numerous.- Germany stands second. "$*JM
: SOME "\ LONDONA STATISTICS.
MACARON1-J. K-. H., Columbia., Tuo
lumne County, Cal. Macaroni is colored
yellow by the use of the yolks of eggs
mixed with the paste or by the use of saf
fron.
RENO MARRIAGES-O. I.. City. No
final .decision has yet .been rendered »in
the question of the validity of what are
commonly called "Reno Marriages."
'¦*•¦•" ' ¦•••.:¦¦ -'SVMWHmHHBHH
YOU AND I^J. E. H*., City. Itjs not
proper to say "between you and I."
MICHIGAN PAPER-: A. ; M. • B.V .Oak
land, Cah The only newspaper published
in St. Clair, Mlchl. is -the Republican, is
sued every Thursday.
ando'ur befter'oppbrtuhities, who do not desire to go -
bacK.'liiiiVvvKii-'reinember with. love the old land and'
its people. They will everywhere manifest that feel-.
i^g(bx^J9 n Pri'JS this" Prince, and pur native popula
tion "and "our Government will extend to him every
courtesy that may impresshim with the greatness of
our country and the politeness of its people. That is
all. No .sensible, American would be content with less.
Our republican institutions will suffer no shock, and
none, not even of his own nationality, will be moved
by a ( sight of this Prince to exchange our. govern-,
' ment for that of the Kaiser.
patriotism. -.
¦ It is to be expected that our presence at the coro
nation and our entertainment of the Prince of Prusr
sia will be treated by some in the same narrow spirit.
As it cannot be helped it will have to be borne. But
the sensible masses of our people will pay.no atten
tion. We have among us. millions of well-bred.Ger
mans, who are- as good Americans as any, who left
the falilcrland to s get the benefit of our institutions
on such an occasion. , .
All -the world returned these courtesies when
Grant, at the dose of h& last term in the Presidency,
made the grand tour. He was received in Europe
with extraordinary and imperial honors. No Prince
of the blood, no man that ever lived, had ever before
received such honors *as were showered upon him
from 'London', to Tokio. . Kings and Emperors,
Prime Ministers and statesmen sought his presence,
his friendship and his counsel. While all the world
made obeisance to him many of. our own country
men decried and derided him, and exhibited a mean
ness of • spirit that was discreditable , t'o their
THE 'arrival of Prussian Prince, representing
the German empire and people, has been pre
ceded and his sojourn will be accompanied- by
many, ill-natured comments made in the name and
pretense of 'intense American patriotism. Two
cventsbring us into contact with the^affairs and the
forms of two great, modern Governments, Great.
Britain and Germany. A commission goes to the
coronation of King Edward VII, and we are officially
entertaining the nephew of the King, who represents
his e^der brother, the Kaiser.
It has been a long time between /coronations in
Great' Britain. Victoria.was crowned in 1837/ during
the Presidency' of 'Martin Van Buren, s who was^a very:
democratic Democrat. But he was represented;^ the
coronation of the young Queen by his son John'; who
danced with Victpria, and, it was said, kissed "her,
and roused, in her heart certain tender feelings -that,
are common to all, to Princesses and to, peasants;
alike. John Van Buren was a handsome yourig'man, :
of fine manners and great ability. At that \ distant - !
coronation he was: paid all the honors -of a Prince,
and all his life was hailed by that title.. No-matter*
what may have been said at the time,- his presence at.
the great ceremony as the representative of his father,
the President, and of the American people, did not
undermine our institutions, and. was ho indication of.
the decay of their republican vigor. ;But it was "so
long ago that the present generation doei not ; readily
recall it, and may listen to the outcry' made in Con-;
gress and the yellow press because we are about to.
be represented at, the investiture of Victoria's •sdit.'V' ,
¦That son is no't a stranger to the '/United *'¦ States.-
He. visited us when he was a young man, during the
administration of James Buchanan. Buchanan 'had "
been our Minister to Great Britain. He was an old
bachelor of refined, manners; and -as President
omitted no formality that was due the young Prince 1
of Wales as the representative of his mother, her em
pire and. her dynasty. The most democratic Ameri-
Ican of his time, Peter Cooper of New York. /was the
master of ceremonies at the formalities tendered to
Wales in that city, and not a star fell out of the flag
because the visitor was treated with-, the 'courtesy
which the people and the Government of one-coun
try owe to the people and the Government of another
MILLION CUT IN HALF
BUYS THIS PAINTING
.' PBINOE, HENRY.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
that demand also: By way of a sample'of such, can-,
didates she suggests John. G. '.Milburn ¦ of Buffalo.
The gentleman is a lawyer of^ability and .wealth. He
is a -friend "of Cleveland; and' it was.>His home that
McKinley was Visiting at the time of his assassina
'tjon. As in Laniont's case, the proposition is to
make him Governor first and .President afterward.
Another candidate is the 'Brooklyn favorite, Shep
ard) who was. slaughtered in the recent Mayoralty
contest in New Yo'rk, but who is said tcfbe good for
the race for Governor. In short, New York is will
ing to furnish almost any: kind of "a. candidate-
Democracy may and nov/_ that Bryan is out
and Jones is Hi danger' it'; is not' unlikely" the' party
may turn to her and accept one of the batch."
6
R. • . . ¦ • , .
THE SAN FR^NCISCQV CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY ?5, 1902.
" The misfortunes of to-day are' the bless-
iegs of; to-morrow. ¦ ¦ ¦-• . .•¦. ..-..-. -> ,- ; ._ '
Special information ..supplied dally -to
business houses '' and public men by the'
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone MahvlO42.-f~* "
Towrisend's. California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched - boxes or" Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. » "
Cal. glace fruit 50c pc? 1b at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhourid caridy. Townsend's*
By "William -G. Layng —^Thur»day, February 27, Horses,
at 721 Howard street. ,
By Brecn & Finch— Friday. Feb. 2S. High-class Water
Paint'.ncs. at H<Xl Suttcr street. ¦
, ¦',' AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
I Alcazar— "The Head of the Family."
Columbia — "Way Down Eaet." - __ . . •
Orjjbenm — Vaudeville. ' ''.".'.iri.
Grand Opera-house — "A Midnight Bell." " ' V
Fischer's Theater — "The French Maid."
California — "Shooting the Chutes." ' ' . .
Tivoli — ".The Serenade."
Central — "The Corner Grocery." '*
<ihutes, Zoo and Theater^— Vaudeville every afternoon and
MetropoliUn Hall— Piano Recitai.
Woodw'a'rd's Pavilion-^-Winter Circus, tomorrow night. •
MetropclitEU Hall — Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Febru-
¦ ry'26.
Metropolitan Hall — Emma Jfevada. March 3.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. • ¦ ¦: ''Steamer Movements.
TO AKRIVE.
stmr Antonio Lopez, from Liverpool, for Ma
nila. ¦¦ . ¦ .:.... ¦ • • . •
- MANILA— Arrived Feb 20 — Br stmr Morven,
from New York. . • . . .¦
ST MICHAEIr- Arrived Feb 21— Br stmr
Anapa, from Norfolk, for Manila.
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior ¦ to Feb 22— Br
stmr Maristow, from New York. : •
VICTORIA, ¦ B C — Sailed Feb 24. 2:30 P m —
Ur.stmr Empress. of China, for Hongkong, etc.
HAVRli— Sailed Feb 11 — Fr bark Emilia
Galline, for San Francisco. . 'a ' '
CALLAO— Arrived. Feb. 23— Schr Carrier
Dove, from Port Hadlock. • •
MAZATLAN— Arrived Feb 23 — Br stmr
Guatemala, hence Feb 13. • f .
PANAMA — Arrived Feb 23 — Stmr Leelanaw.
hence Feb 8. ¦:¦¦••¦
Sailed Feb 23— Stmr -Argyll, for San Fran-
Cisco... . .
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
MAH FOO HELD TO ANSWER.— ilah Foo,
the aged Chinaman who was substituted, for
the real Mah Foo, a young coolie In transit for
Mexico. . was held to answer yesterday by
United States Court Commissioner Heacock to
the chance of aiding and abetting ln the Ille
gal larding of, Mah Foo.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Herbert D. Smith from Marie Smith for
willful desertion, Jennie Verley from An
drew M. . "Verley -for eruelty, Martha I.
Goodwin from Benjamin F. Goodwin for
cruelty, Albert Goldaracena from Edith
J. Goldaracena • for desertion, Anna E.
Adams from C. W. Adams for desertion
and G. L* Cummins from Viola Cummins
for infidelity.
Suits for divorce were also flled yester
day by Delia Lizzie Carey against J. H.
Carey for .failure 'to provide. Grace A.
Graham from W. Graham for desertion,
and Rose M. Landry against James Lan
dry for cruelty, and failure to provide.
Mrs. Wright' alleges tfiat she has suf
fered untold - anguish through her hus
band's mistreatment, and asks the court
v'o grant her prayer for divorce, $250 a
month alimony and costs of- suit. She
says that her husband is worth $70,000 ami
enjoys #n income of $1250 per month from
hi." corset business. ,
Mrs. Wright also secured an order yes
terday restraining, her ausband from dis
posinK of his property by sale or trans
ic-r, pending the result ot the suit for di
vcrce. A '
CLester . F. Wright, manufacturer and
dealer in corsets and proprietor of stores
ot 10 Grant avenue, 539 Market street and
in Oakland, has been punching his .wife,
Mackening her eyes,' tailing her names
and otherwise abusing her, if what Mrs.
Wright says in a complaint for divorce
she filed yesterday is true.
Husband Is Restrained by, the
. Court From Disposing
' of Froperty.
Wife of Corset Manu
facturer Files Suit
for Divorce.
SAYS WRIGHT
PUNCHED HER
7
The French bark Lea Adelpbes and the
British ship Earl .Cadogan were yester
day taken off the reinsured list, both of
them having been spoken off the Colum
bia River. fjfWfffifitmm tm B ¦
Off the Reinsured. List.
The Korea, the new steamship being
built in the East for the Pacific Mail
Company, will have her sea trial about
the middle of next month. The Siberia
will be ready for a try-out about two
months later.
Korea's Trial Nextf Month.
The Nippon Maru will sail' to-day for
the Orient with about ninety cabin pas
sengers and a heavy cargo. Among the
passengers will be many tourists. Dr.
H. N. Allen, United States Minister to
Korea,- returns to his station on the Jap
anese liner. ¦'¦''¦\ •
Nippon Marti Sails To-Day.
Per Fr'h/irk ; Gen - Neumayer — Feb 21, 1st
.87 CO N. Ion 117 40 W, saw Fr bark jvith sig
nal letters J B P V,' with rudder gfae. Was
using temporary, rodder. Wanted assistance
sent.. Fob 23 spoke stmr Alcazar off Smiths
Feb "'li Mat 13 N, Ion 20 W-^-Ger ship Alster
schwan. from Hamburg, for Honolulu. ,
Jan -21,. 1st, 48 S; len 47 W— Br ehlpi,Tox
teth, hence Nov 9, lor London. •¦ -
Feb 9. Iat'47 N. Ion 2t» W— Ger ship Pera,
from Port • Blakeley, for' Hamburff.' ¦ ¦•/• -
Feb 12, lat 23 N, ion 22 W— Br ship Monk
barns, from Liverpool, for. San Francisco. •/
• Per ship John . Ena, - at ; New .York — Off Falk
land Island. Dec 34, Br ship . Mooltan, hence
Bept 28, for Queenstown. Also In NB trades,
in Atlantic;" no date; ship Wm F; Babcock.
hence Sept 28, for New York.
. • .¦ ,JiIEMORANDUM. -V.s.:" ¦
*¦:•-•',•¦'•'- ' ' Monday. February 24.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Aztec. Trask. Tacoma.
Stmr Hyadee, Garlich, Honolulu and Ka
hulul. ¦• ¦ ' ¦ -'! ¦ '¦•'•
Stmr Despatch, J ohnson, Seattle and Fair
haven. ¦• ' ' ¦
Br stmr Victoria, Case, Ladysmith.
Tug Defiance, Sbaw, 'in search of Fr bark
Francois de Amboise. ¦¦¦ , •
Fr bark Jules Verne, Cesard, Queenstown.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Benediksen, . • ¦
. . ; '' SPOKEN. .
SAILED.
:-;. 1 './-. i ' 'i?* 1 Monday, February 24.
Stmr Hyades, Garllclt, Honolulu and Ka
tiului: William*. Dimond & Co.'
Fr bark lloliere, Ancelln, Queenetown; O W
McNeai
CLEARED,
arrived:--- v- ..£•;*¦;¦
•'¦*•¦ .¦-.'. .,-. Sunday, 'February.. 23/
Fr bark General Neumayer, Gautleri 40 days
f rom Kaiou . Fchou. v '¦.;.¦ ,
Monday, February 24.
Stmr W H KruKer, Ahling,-; 37 hours ilrom
San Pedro. • ' ¦¦ .' .' •' ¦•'.¦..-¦.; •¦' '.
Stmr Corqnado, Johnson, 39 hours from San
Pedro. ' . ' •. ¦ .
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 21 hours from Eureka
Stmr Ruth,- Hltgliis, 4a hours from Eureka.
-• Stmr: Brunswick* Detttners. 27 hours from
Eureka. .. •' .-•• ' - * - . <• ••
. Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 70 hours from New
port, etc. ; ' ¦
US stmr Solace, Winslow, days from
Manila, via Guam r days, via Honolulu -7
day*
Shipping Intelligence^
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom House for tha ' steamer Australia,
which sailed Friday for Tahiti. The manifest
v.as valued at 94314 and included the following
merchandise and produce: ICO bbls flour 42
pkg-s groceries and provisions. 24 pkgs 'ship
chandlery,. 5 bales twine, 10 pkgr drugs, s5 pkga
hardware 13 pkgs bicycles and sundries 30
pkgs fresh fruit* and vegetables, 22 pkgs wire
2S cs assorted canned goods, 5 cs 4 pkgs sal
mon, 15 cs coal oil, 350 lbs codfish. 17 pkgs dry
goods. 175 lbs dried fruit. 2 pkgs machinery.
260 lbs beans, 9 cs ammunition. 71,526 -feet
lumber, 120 bdls shingles, 10 bdls snooks. 17
bdls pipe, 200 lbs tallow, 23 era potatoes and
onions, 14 ctls wheat. 90 ctls barley,' 203 gals
wine, 3215 lbs bran, 9 cs fhoes. 12 coils rope,
293 lbs cheese, 67 pkgs millwork.
An Additional manifest.
The French bark General Neumayer ar
rived yesterday forty days late from
Klaochau. g She ia In ballast. She
spoke the steam schooner Alcazar off the
porf The captain of the latter gave the
Frenchman - his position. The Neumayer
encountered some very heavy southeast
erly weather toward the end of the voy
a&e. • • ¦ .. .-¦-•: . :. ; .
General Neumayer Arrives.
The French bark Molfere was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders, 67,118 ctls
wheat, valued at $73,800, and 25,000 feet of
lumber as dunnage, valued at $320.
Shipment of Wheat.
The British bark Inverkip, which ar
rived yesterday at Portland, reports that
on February 18, about twenty miles east
of Cape Flattery, ehe sighted a French
bark in distress, y. N. C. were the only
signals that could be read from the In
verkip. The Frenchman asked that im
mediate assistance" be sent to him. The
bark was about 1400 tons, painted lead
color and was very rusty looking. There
were no spars gone. It is thought she
is the Oliver de Cllsson, on which 20 per
cent reinsurance has- been paid.
Another Frenchman in Distress.
The German schooner Hercules tras cleared
yesterday lor Jaluit, Marshall Islands, with
the following cargo, valued at ?42CO; 15 bbla
flour, 100 gals wine, 75 cs canned salmon 53S
cs assorted canned goods. 33 cofls rope 40 crs
potatoes. 20 crs onions, 50,077 feet lumber 14
~} e f*. tw w lne ' Si pkgs srocerles and provisions,
224 lbs beans, 2 pkgs machinery. - . v, - -
A Cargo for the Marshall Islands.
The French bark Francoise d'Ambroise,
which left here February 10 for Great
Britain is floundering about in the vicin
ity of, the Farallones without a rudder.
The tug Defiance went out yesterday aft
ernoon in search of her. She was spoken
February 21 by the French bark General
Neumayer, which reached port yesterday.
The Neumayer, however, was unable to
make out her countryman's name. Th«}
Solace sighted the ' Ambrolse on Sunday
night about fifty miles southwest of the
Farallones and sent a boat alongside to
rind out what ailed her. The Frenchman
reported having lost his rudder and asked
the Solace to send put a tug- tp his asslst-
Francoise d'Ambroise Wants Tug.
Matters of Interest' to Mariners acd
Shipping Merchants.
The French barks Eugene Pereg'eline" ajid
Marie Molinos are chartered for wheat from
this port to Europe at 25s.
The British bark Bankleigh is chartered for
wheat from Portland to Europe at 35s 6d- the
British bark Inverpik. wheat from Tacoma to
Europe, 35s 9d; the German ship Thekla wheat
from Tacoma for Europe, 31s 3d; the German
ship Agnes, wheat from this port to EuroDe
25s <9d less direct). These four vessels were
chartered prior to arrival.
The schooner Golden Shore Is chartered for
lumber on Puget Sound for Sydney at 3S« with
option of Melbourne or Adelaide 4Cs 3d "char
tered prior to arrival. ,
The barken tine Irmgard and the ship Geor«r«
Curtis will load merchandise at this port for
The"brlg Lurline loads lumber at Grays
Harbor for Altata and La Paz. *
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
THE United States navy hospital
ship Solace arrived ' in port yes
terday with, about forty sick mar
iners from the Asiatic station.
• She .also brought 200 short terra
men and four prisoners. The latter, will
be dishonorably discharged from the ser
vice. The Solace encountered some ter
riflc weather between Honolulu and this
port and demonstrated her right to her
reputation as champion . roller of the
navy. During one gale she rolled until
her decks sloped at. an angle of forty-five
degrees. The steamships Sierra and
China arrived in Honolulu before the
Solace left. Captain HDudlette of the Si
erra reported that between San Francisco
and Honolulu he encountered the worst
weather he/has ever met on the Pacific.
The China went through a similar experi
ence. Neither boat sustained any dam
age. * ¦
The Solace left here October 21 arfd
since then haa traveled over '21,000 miles.
From here she went to Honolulu, where
she took aboard the members of the Til
ley court martial. She • carried them to
Pago Pago and afterward returned them
to Honolulu. From Hawaii she. went to
Hongkong and from there to,- Guam.
From Guam to Manila, Manila' to Guam,
to Honolulu and from Honolulu to this
port v 5h.e •yiU go.iip to Mare Island in a
day or so to undergo an overhauling
prior to returning to the Asiatic station.
The Solace got the tail end of the ty
phoon that almost finished the . army;
transport Meade. E. P. Cleary, a, marine,'
died during the voyage and was buried at
sea with naval honors. Chaplain Thomp
son'officiated at the funeral. Cleary was
37 years of age and a native of Ballston
Springs. The Solace is commanded by
Commander Herbert Winslow. , She
brought the following passengers:' Pay-
Clerk R. J. Little. Commander J. K.
Cogswell, Assistant Surgeon W. H. Ush,
T. Beyer. C. C. Wilson. Miss Corlne
Quant, George Lewis, Lieutenant Van
Orden.
' As I have often said on other occasions "I
f«". V 1 i ili * f f ir . and frIend 'y consideration
of invested capital as correlative to similar
considerations for organized labor." •
I believe tlrroly in the American nubile
school and in the American principles which
are taught in them, and during my adminis
tration, so far as my Influence may po I will
support and encourage with my whole heart
and my whole soul the common school system
of our city »nd our State. • ' . ¦"
Shirks No Difficulty.
I nhrink from no responsibility; shirk n»
difficulty. I^will try to live up to every prom
ise and pledge! have ever made and by the
principles and ideas I express here to-day.
I am not. a professional reformer. I am
an honest man, honestly attempting to
do what he conceives his honest duty. I pro
pose, as far as my ability will permit, to gtv«
the people a fair, just, clean and honest ad
ministration—practical, economical and- busi
nesslike. I favor clean politics. I propose to
see ttat the laws are enforced. I am In favor
of & •liberal, broad-gauged policy in the conduct
of municir»al affairs and. in the treatment of
our fellow-dtlzens. I do not believe that be
cause my ideas may not be In exact accord with
others I should forcibly impose my opinions
upon them. • »
I favor liberty of personal action within th»'
limits or the laws of the land and of a *ounl
?£m? P ollcy -, f I be " e \. e ln PrwxrvJnr the «ub
fftactlal morality of the masaes. I believe in
the rights of the individual man and in fol
terin? his interests.
The phases of his public duties are numerous
ajid divers*. He must be a man of many
sides, but all turning to a. common "end and
result. Whatever his. personal sympathies may
be. in whatever direction his own personal
preferences may lie. he must, so far as he Js
able, represent in his official life all of his
fellow-cltliena without reference to class, so
cial or financial standine. 'relWrfous or politi
cal belief. He must be a practical man of the
world — not a visionary dreamer. He must con
front conditions; he cannot work entirely on
self-conceived theories. The city is alreaay
built and developed. He. can Influence it,
but he cannot rebuild It. He must take things
as they are. He may better them, but. ha can
not always reverse them.
He is at the head of municipal officialdom.
Under his supervision are thousands of muni
cipal employss, for all of whom in the public
eye ho stands to some extent responsible.
With the appointment of very few of them
is he in anywise directly concerned. He la
also by law charged with the added duty of
supervising; every* bureau and .department of
the city government and of • seeing that the
laws are DroDerly enforced and carried out.
The task imposed ur>on him Is a herculean
one. To be "effective, to be influential, the
Mayor must be a strong man; to be of advan
tage to the city's interests he must' be a prac
tical msn; to be Just he must be a sympathetic
man; above all things he must be an honest
man and a fearless one.
Public Duties Nuinerous.
In a v.ord, he ie the chief executive of a large
and lmeortant metropolis and of a vast and
heterogeneous cosmopolitan city. Legally and
officially he must represent all — all classes.. all
interests, all elements. With the requirements.
or the law he must treat all with equal fair
ness and consfderatlon and with exact Justice.-
The olflce vt Mayor. of San .Francisco is cei
tEinly one of much libwer, -but v also iine of sig
nal responsibility and of . great - labor and
ttreEfc. Its Incumbent Us in 'cuntact witk every
side of the clty'« life and with all elements ot
lie citizenship. lie Is the Mayor ot the bad,
as well as of the -good;' of 'the ignorant as of
the educated; of ttu* vicious, as ai the virtuous;
of the eroEs and rough as: well as: of the cul
tured and rvfined; x>I the Idle as well as of the'
industrious; of the pour as well as of the
rich ; of the employer ao well i as of the em
ploye.. . --'¦ ' -. .
Mayor Sclimitz told some" plain, truths
to the members, of the San - Francisco
Methodist .Episcopal: Ministers*.:'Associa
tion yesterday. ; He' bad been invited to
come before that august body and tell
the reverend gentlemen sQmq'pX the trials
and tribulations endured "by. a chief ex
ecutive of the city and he. availed" him
self of the chance. At the^outset of his
interesting address, the Mayor . paid . a
high tribute to : the calling of his auditors
and praised its members' for the good
they do in communUk-s. In- part, he
i-poKe as 1 follows: . -.L : ;'-. ;.¦'••.•: v '-\
Says He Is Not a Reformer,
but Favors Clean . :^ ; .
C hief . Exe cuti ve , Tells
Ministers What He r
Must Do. '
MAYOR SPEAKS
OF HIS DUTIES
-v- . , • • ¦¦,- ¦ ., ., I j \
," — ¦ —————— ———jf
Point and. gave her position ot bark. Feb" 23
saw a four-masted bark, .which looked as
though she had been .¦ square-rigged on all
masts, V ¦ . j
Per. U s stmr > Solace— Feb ~ 23, about 00
miles SW of Farallones, sighted Fr bark Fran-'
coise de Amboise, hence Feb 10, for Queens
town, with rudder gone, heading to San Fran-'
Cisco, making. slaw . progress.
lilSCEHJANEbUS.
PORT TOWNSEN'rif* Feb 24— Br bark In
verkii), from Iquique,.* reports having sighted
a French bark on Feb 18/20 miles east of Cape
Flattery, in distress. • Wanted immediate as
sistance. Only signals Tnverklp read "were N
C. Vessel. was afterwards blown off by east
erly sale.'. Vessel was. between 1200 and J.400
tons, pointed lead • color, rusty looking.
Thought had email figurehead. No spars miss
ing. -.'
SEATTLE, Feb 24— Schr Bertha, previously
reported • ashore; is" reported coming in in tow
of etmr Albion. Due here to-morrow.
VICTORIA; Feb, 24— The" sealing Bchr Oscar
and Hattie, previously reported as putting into
Bamfleld Creek leaking, is on her way to Vic
toria. . . '-¦¦ - ' .
Th-3 schr Sadie Turple sailed to-day for Hos
quiat Bluff, -i on the west coast of Vancouver
Island, where the schr Fawn Is ¦ reported
wrecked. The Turple will take a lull wreck
ing outfit.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb : 10 p m— Weather
clomly: wind SB. . velocity 24 miles per hour.
...... DOMESTIC , PORTS. '
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Newsboy,
hence Feb 22. -V
Bailed Feb 24— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco; stmr Homer, for San Francisco;
stmr Arctic, for San Francisco.
•Arrived Feb» 10 — Nor bark A lisa, from'Cal
lao.
Barbound, ready for sea— Aus ship Deveron.
Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Aberdeen, hence Feb
22: stmr Eureka, hence Feb 23. , . • ". •
Sailed • Feb 24 — Stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro. ¦ ¦ ¦ • • ¦ ¦ ¦• ¦••¦.. ...
BO WENS LANDING — Passed Feb 24, 5pm
— Br stmr Victoria, hence Feb 24, for Lady
smtth. -
POUT.'. LOS . ANGELES— Arrived Feb' 24—
Stmr San Mateo, from Nanaimo. -
SEATTLE — Arrived Teb 24— Stmr Umatilla,
hence Feb 21.
Arrived Feb 23 — Stmr John S Klmball. hence
Feb 20. V.i .
Arrived Feb 24— Stmr City of Sea tile,. ifrb.Tj
Skagway. Feb 23 — Ger bark Thecma, from
Yokohnma. • ¦ '.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 24 — Stmr Columbia,
hence Feb 22; I3r bark Earl Cado^an, from
Port Los Angeles. .
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Feb. 24— iBr
bark InverkiD, from Iqulque. ¦ s ¦• '¦
Passed in Feb 24 — Stmr Umatilla. hence
F£b 21. for Victoria; schr Soquol, hence Jan
18. for Port Blakeley. .' .. .. -...
TACOMA— Sailed Keb 22— Sch'r Forester, for
San Francisco. :
-GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 22— Stmf
Ch«halis, for San Pedro. Feb 24 — Schr Lille
bonne, ' for ' San Francisco; schr Chas R Wil
son, for San Francisco. : .
Arrived- Feb. 24 — Schr Jessie Minor, hence
Jan 25; schr A J West, from Santa Rosalia: i
schr Esther Buhne. hence Jan 20; echr W V J
Patterson, hence Feb 8. ¦ ,......• >
PORTLAND— Arrived Feb 24— Br shin Queen
Elizabeth, from Shanghai; Br ship Conway,
from Shanchal. ¦¦ ¦ . >. • '"• .« . .
¦ TACOMA— Arrived Feb 24— Br bark Wan
derer, from Shamghal; stmr Mackinaw, hence
Feb 20. ¦- V -'>*¦¦'"?¦ "'"' { ..-'¦
Sailed Feb 24— Bf; Jjark Glen Afton. for
Queenstown; atmr •.Washtenaw. for 6an Fran-
CiSIO. •>' -'' ' -^v' ¦...¦'';¦' ' ! ¦¦¦:'¦¦
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Feb 23— Schr W
F Jfiwett. from San Pedro. 5/or Tacoma. ' "'
iHUENEME— Arrived Feb^^^Sttnr Iaqua,
from Grays Harbor: stmr'^ Grace Dollar, from
Grays ¦ Harbor. :¦¦-¦' : • . ¦¦
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr i Mel
ville Dcllar,. from Grays Harbor. •¦'-¦-.
Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Banta Barbara, for San
Francisco. ¦• ¦ ¦,''¦„ •
NEAH BAY— Passed In Feb 24 — Bark Levl
Q Burgess, hence Feb IS. .for Tacoma; ¦ Ger
bark Pallas. . from Santa Rosalia, for Puget
Sound. . ¦ * ~ : ' "' ¦ . .- ¦* ¦ t <
, Passed out Feb 24— Stmr Waahtenaw. from
Tacoma, tor San Francihco; bark Fr«sno, from
Port Gamble." 'for San Francisco; schr Fores- i
ter. frcm Tacoma.' for San Franclscp. .,
ISLAND PORT.: : \ ,.
: HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 12— Schr Inca, for
Por.f Townsend. -V i ' -• ,
Arrived Feb 15 — Am shin Emily F Whitney
19 days from San .Francisco. . p e b ¦ 16 Stmr
Sierra, 0 days 18 hours from San Froncls-o-
Btmr Moana. OH days. from Victoria, B C ¦'¦
Sailed Feb 1 5— Stmr Peru, for San Fran-
Cisco; Am bark Hesper, for Fremantle, 'Aus '
Feb 1C— rStmr China, for tha Orient: stmr Sier
ra, for Samoa and colonies. • ¦ .
.. EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Fnh 23— u S stmr Mc-
Lellan, for Manila. c;.^ r- . . .
. . FOREIGN PORTS. •
HULL— Arrived Jeb Fr " bark ' Marechal
de Viliarff, ; S?nc* Oct 1. ¦ ¦.
LONDON— Arrive* Feb ' 24— Br . stmr Tenn
kai. from Seattle^ -• ¦> -.. .¦¦¦.•
•ANTWERP — Arrived Feb 21— Nor -stmr
Ti;t-r, from Orescn. v - - < ,
-. VALMOUTH — Arrived Feb 22 — Brship Kin*
Edward. • hence Sept 28; Fr bark Cambronne
hence Oct 5, *and sailed for Leith.
- QUEENSTOWN— Sailed. Feb 21— Br 6 hip
Manydown, for , Hull. . • _ \
NAVAL HOSPITAL SHIP THAT
HAS JUST COMPLETED A
LONG VOYAGE.
NOTE^-ln the above exposition of the tides
the early.* morning ' tides are . given In the left
hand: column and the successive tides of the
day in the order- of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column Rives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United Stated
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes tho height; and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. '- The piano of reference Is the mean cf
the lower low waters, y. ; . ¦ .. -. . .
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25.
NOTE — The ' high jind low waters occur at
the - city i front (Mission-street wharf) abou;
twenty-flveytnlnutes later than at Fort Point;
the height ol tide Is the tame at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geo-letic Survey —
Times and Heights of Hish , and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to # au
-'.. Francisco— Bay. Published by official au
'' thorny of the Superintendent. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI;, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, Ii>02;
Navy Boat Has Been on the Go Ever Since Leaving: Here Four
? Months Ago™Brings Word of Sierra f s c Stormy Voyage/
HOSPITAL SHIP SOLACE RETURNS
WITH SICK MARINES FROM ORIENT
Steamer. From. j Due.
O.CLindauer Grays Harbor : .| Feb. 25
Mandalay.... Coqutlle River ....... .jFeb. 23
Sequoia Grays ' Harbor Fet»^ 25
Phoenix ¦. Mendoclno City :....... Feb.. 25
8. Barbara... Redondo F e b 25
G. TV. Elder,. Portland & Astoria Feb. 25
North Fork. . Humboldt ; Feb. 25
Czarina.... IV Seattle & Tacoma ..... I>b 25
Progress.... 3t*Utle ...'....•.... Feb. 25
Newburg. ; . : . . S s$ Pedro Feb U5
Arcata . Coos Bay & Port Orrorfl Feb. 25
Argo.. Coqullle River ....*... Feb. 23
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb. 2tt
Crescent City Crescent City .:.... Feb. 28
Empire..;... Coo*' Bay /..... Feb. 2G
S" ee " Putret Sound Ports Feb. 2«
Eureka.. Humboldt Feb. 26
Alliance , Portland & Way Portg. Feb. 24
Tfllus •• Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
\\ashtenaw.. Ta<conia Feb. 27
Point Arena.. p o lnt Arena Feb. 2T
faantaRosa.. gan pi eKO & Way Ports Feb. 2T
Curacao . . Mexican Ports Feh 27
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock Feb'. 27
CoosBay-.-- San Pedro & Way Ports Feb. 28
G. Dollar.... Hueneme Feb 28
Pomona. ..... Humboldt • Mar 1
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Mar.' 1
r«M^S Wlllapa Harbor :...... IMar. 1
J; o s ; K i™ baI1 Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 2. !
State of Cal.. San Dlego & Way Portg _ M ar. 2
it^him Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 2
r!^l}} 1>u « et; Sound Ports -...Mar. A
Cop^c China & Japan ........ Mar 4
Alameda..... Honolulu ijMar *
Po w« Newport & Way Ports. . |Mar. 4
£ aI !£° ¦¦¦:•¦¦ Valparaiso & -Way Pts. >M«r. S
North Fork.. Humboldt ...%.', |Mar S
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria ....Mar' fl
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. IMar c
From.
I Due.
diteamvr.
For.
Sails.
Exrolslor Cooks Inlet & Way Pta.lFeb. 25
DlrlKo. ...... Skagway & Way Parts. ! Feb. 2T
Otty Seattle.. Pkagrway & Way Ports. Feb. 28
Cottage City, Rhagway & Way Ports.lMar. 1
Al-Ki.;.. Skagway & Way Ports.lMar. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. | Pier.
Coronado...
S. Barbara.
Newburif.. .
C. Nelson..
Nippon Mar
Clly Puebla
Phoenix.,..
Argo
Mandalay. .
Pomona. . . .
OTC.Llnd'er
Sequoia. ...
State Cal...
Arcata
Empire. ...
Alliance...
iionlta...,.
North Fork
Bonoma
Luxor
Czarina. . . .
G..W. Eld«i
February 25. |
Grays Harbor .... 5 pro Pier 3
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pna Fler 2
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier a
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 3
China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Puget Sound Ports. It am Pier 0
February 26.
Mendoclno ¦ City 3 pm Pier 13
Coquillo River .... 4 pm Pjer 2
CouullJe RJver .... 6 pin Pier a
Huinboldti l:S0'pPier' a
Grays Harbor pj er
Grays Harbor .... 6 pro Pi«r 3
San Diego & Way., fl am Pier U
Coos B. & Ptj Orf'd 12 .nj pjer 13
.Kclirnary M7. S*
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Portland & Way... 10 am Pier 10
Newport «;• Way Pti u aoiipier 1 1
Humboldt . . / !> amIPltr "a
Sydney & Way..., K> amlFtar
Hamburg: & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Seattle & Tacoma.. 0 pm|Pler S
Astoria & Portland It «tmi Pier •'¦*
February 28. |
Humboldt 9 arojPier 13
Grays Harbor j 0 pmiPler 2
Panama & Way |12 mtPMSS ¦
AlarcH 1. . . | . .
Point Arena- .'. .... 2 pm Pier ' 2
Mnreli 54. v ..
Seattle & Tacoma ,. 10 am Pier 3
Fug?t Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
San Diego & Way.. 0 am P}« 11
Mnrch: 8. - • j ¦•
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am|Pler 11
1 ' March 4. • •. I '
Wlllapa Harbor ... 5 pm|Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier.2l
. ' Mnrch B. . • ¦ .
China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Euroka. . . .
G. Dollar..
Can Juan.. I
Pt. Arena..
Santa Ana. j
Queen.-,...
Spokane... |
Coos Bay. . \
Rival ..
Columbia..
Peru I
Sun rises
Bun sets ."..'
Moon rises ......". .9 :S4 i
.6:47
.B;5S
i. in.
S ) _.) y t . 1/ 1 Ft. . I Ft.' I
. |htv|. |Lw| |nw| |lw|
25" "i"o5 '^irTiHo To TTifl "ijf tToS
i'O a:ll , 6.2 «8:1» l.P 2:40 4.4 aax
J!T 2:49 5.0 O:0a 1.4 3:41 4.0 8:&1
2!J 3:29 .4.0 10:00 'j.3 4:4S 3.7 9:39
1 4:10 - 4.8 11:10 1-2 0:03 3.6 10:55
a 4!5« 4.7 12:07 1.1 7:17 :».7 11:40
3 6:C0 4.G 1:00 0.0 3:18 3.9.....
f- Ffc ¦
"1l.5
1.9
2.3
2.T
2.9
' U.0
Steamer. From. j Due.
O.CLindauer Grays Harbor : .| Feb. 25
Mandalay.... Coqutlle River ....... .jFeb. 23
Sequoia Grays ' Harbor Fet»^ 25
Phoenix ¦. Mendoclno City :....... Feb.. 25
8. Barbara... Redondo F e b 25
G. TV. Elder,. Portland & Astoria Feb. 25
North Fork. . Humboldt ; Feb. 25
Czarina.... IV Seattle & Tacoma ..... I>b 25
Progress.... 3t*Utle ...'....•.... Feb. 25
Newburg. ; . : . . S s$ Pedro Feb U5
Arcata . Coos Bay & Port Orrorfl Feb. 25
Argo.. Coqullle River ....*... Feb. 23
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb. 2tt
Crescent City Crescent City .:.... Feb. 28
Empire..;... Coo*' Bay /..... Feb. 2G
S" ee " Putret Sound Ports Feb. 2«
Eureka.. Humboldt Feb. 26
Alliance , Portland & Way Portg. Feb. 24
Tfllus •• Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
\\ashtenaw.. Ta<conia Feb. 27
Point Arena.. p o lnt Arena Feb. 2T
faantaRosa.. gan pi eKO & Way Ports Feb. 2T
Curacao . . Mexican Ports Feh 27
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock Feb'. 27
CoosBay-.-- San Pedro & Way Ports Feb. 28
G. Dollar.... Hueneme Feb 28
Pomona. ..... Humboldt • Mar 1
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Mar.' 1
r«M^S Wlllapa Harbor :...... IMar. 1
J; o s ; K i™ baI1 Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 2. !
State of Cal.. San Dlego & Way Portg _ M ar. 2
it^him Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 2
r!^l}} 1>u « et; Sound Ports -...Mar. A
Cop^c China & Japan ........ Mar 4
Alameda..... Honolulu ijMar *
Po w« Newport & Way Ports. . |Mar. 4
£ aI !£° ¦¦¦:•¦¦ Valparaiso & -Way Pts. >M«r. S
North Fork.. Humboldt ...%.', |Mar S
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria ....Mar' fl
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. IMar c
From.
I Due.
Sun rises
Bun sets ."..'
Moon rises ......". .9 :S4 i
.6:47
.B;5S
i. in.
S ) _.) y t . 1/ 1 Ft. . I Ft.' I
. |htv|. |Lw| |nw| |lw|
25" "i"o5 '^irTiHo To TTifl "ijf tToS
i'O a:ll , 6.2 «8:1» l.P 2:40 4.4 aax
J!T 2:49 5.0 O:0a 1.4 3:41 4.0 8:&1
2!J 3:29 .4.0 10:00 'j.3 4:4S 3.7 9:39
1 4:10 - 4.8 11:10 1-2 0:03 3.6 10:55
a 4!5« 4.7 12:07 1.1 7:17 :».7 11:40
3 6:C0 4.G 1:00 0.0 3:18 3.9.....
f- Ffc ¦
"1l.5
1.9
2.3
2.T
2.9
' U.0
diteamvr.
For.
Sails.
Exrolslor Cooks Inlet & Way Pta.lFeb. 25
DlrlKo. ...... Skagway & Way Parts. ! Feb. 2T
Otty Seattle.. Pkagrway & Way Ports. Feb. 28
Cottage City, Rhagway & Way Ports.lMar. 1
Al-Ki.;.. Skagway & Way Ports.lMar. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. | Pier.
Coronado...
S. Barbara.
Newburif.. .
C. Nelson..
Nippon Mar
Clly Puebla
Phoenix.,..
Argo
Mandalay. .
Pomona. . . .
OTC.Llnd'er
Sequoia. ...
State Cal...
Arcata
Empire. ...
Alliance...
iionlta...,.
North Fork
Bonoma
Luxor
Czarina. . . .
G..W. Eld«i
February 25. |
Grays Harbor .... 5 pro Pier 3
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pna Fler 2
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier a
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 3
China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Puget Sound Ports. It am Pier 0
February 26.
Mendoclno ¦ City 3 pm Pier 13
Coquillo River .... 4 pm Pjer 2
CouullJe RJver .... 6 pin Pier a
Huinboldti l:S0'pPier' a
Grays Harbor pj er
Grays Harbor .... 6 pro Pi«r 3
San Diego & Way., fl am Pier U
Coos B. & Ptj Orf'd 12 .nj pjer 13
.Kclirnary M7. S*
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Portland & Way... 10 am Pier 10
Newport «;• Way Pti u aoiipier 1 1
Humboldt . . / !> amIPltr "a
Sydney & Way..., K> amlFtar
Hamburg: & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Seattle & Tacoma.. 0 pm|Pler S
Astoria & Portland It «tmi Pier •'¦*
February 28. |
Humboldt 9 arojPier 13
Grays Harbor j 0 pmiPler 2
Panama & Way |12 mtPMSS ¦
AlarcH 1. . . | . .
Point Arena- .'. .... 2 pm Pier ' 2
Mnreli 54. v ..
Seattle & Tacoma ,. 10 am Pier 3
Fug?t Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
San Diego & Way.. 0 am P}« 11
Mnrch: 8. - • j ¦•
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am|Pler 11
1 ' March 4. • •. I '
Wlllapa Harbor ... 5 pm|Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier.2l
. ' Mnrch B. . • ¦ .
China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Euroka. . . .
G. Dollar..
Can Juan.. I
Pt. Arena..
Santa Ana. j
Queen.-,...
Spokane... |
Coos Bay. . \
Rival ..
Columbia..
Peru I
•AMUSEMENTS.
f% ft I ¦ I MB I a SAX fHAICSCO'S
VU__UI¥1E5IM IXADWB 1HEATRE
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
. ,WiUiam A. Brady's Big Production of tha .
Beautiful Pastoral Play.
WAY DOWN EAST.
A Plain Story cf Plain People.
By Lottie Blair Parker.
Elaborated by Joseph R. Grismer. :.{•
LAST TIME SEXT SUNDAT NIGHT.
NEXT ATt_ACnpN MONDAY, MARCH 3,
Augustus . Thomas' £ Peerless American Play.
Anzona
Seats and Boxes Beady Thursday.
i^ i i& 0 1=3 1 *
EVENIXGS AT S SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
IMMENSE PRODUCTION.
First Tima in This City at Popular Prices. th«~
Hit of the
BOSTON JANS, i
Serenade!
The Finest American Opera Ever WTritten.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9. •
MODERN VAUDEVILLE'S BEST
The Three Meers; The Probyn _a-
dies' Quartette; Billy (Single) Clif-
ford; Nugent and Fertig; Sattl;
The Blossoms; Hawaiian Glee Club;
Warren and Blanchard, and _te
Biogiaph.
Reserved Seats. .25c: Balcqny. 10c; Box
Seats and Onera Chairs. 50c.
Fischers Theatre
O'Farrell St.. Between Stockton and. Powell.
She Waa Accorded
-A ROTA— WELCOME
THE FRENCH MAID.
GREATEST CAST EVER SEEN IN
6AN FRANCISCO.
NE"W AND ELEGANT COSTUMES.
CAPTIVATING DANCES.
ORIGINAL MUSIC. W
r-l- A HOST OF PRETTY GIRLS.
POPULAR PRICES— Opera Chairs, reserved.
23- and BOc: Box Seats. 75c. Matinees Satur- .
day and Sunday. 25c; Children, — <:•
otHSATRS P
It AC m n *_*Tk • »V sib . 7^ r ,
BELASCO it THALL.... Manager*,
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
W II. Crane" s Successful Comedy.
THE HEAD OF
THE FAMILY.
. First Time in This City.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days ln Advance.
PRICKS. 15c. 25c. 33c. 80c, «3c
j; ex t_"AT THE WHITE HORSE TATEHy." .
pm n x "¥ -l"^ TO-NIGHT— AH This
I |_J |~( Week — Matinee Saturday
I I \- ¦ -t and -Sunday. Tha Great
— . . '^~ rarce Comedy Success,
CORNER
GROCERY.
Funniest Play Since "PECK'g BAD BOY."
NEW AND UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
PRICES— Evening. 10c to 80c; Matinee, 10c.
15c and 25c. -
• yext Monday— "THE LAST STROKE."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.T
>? EVERT EVENING TKI3 WEEK.
Another Tremendous Success. -i '
GEORGE OBER
One of America** Foremost Comedians,
In Cha*.. Hoyt's Famon» Comedy,
A Midnight Bell
POPULAR FRICES— 10c, 13e. 23c. BOo. 75c J,
Good Orchestra Seats All Matlnw, 25c /
*, —NEXT WEEK
GEORGE OBER In "A Contented Woman. •»
A LAUGH *FROM START TO FINISH.
THIS WEEK— SATURDAY MATINEE.
\ 'THOSE FUNNY FELLOWS."
MURRAY and MACK
In the Second Edition of Their Farce,
"SB00HN6 THE CBDTCS."
. ;" 37— PEOPLE IN' THE CAST— 37
SEATS READY.
NEXT— SUNDAY. FEBRUARY *, "RU«
PERT OF HENTZAU." a sequel to tha
"Prisoner of Zenda." Special matlneas, ¦'Pris-
oner of Zenda," Thursday and Saturday.
— -~6EAT3 THURSDAY.-—-
Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
50 INSTRUMENTALISTS.
4 SOLOISTS.
4 GRAND CONCERTS,
TO-MORROW. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
NIGHTS and SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
Reserved Seats— 75c, * $1, $1 SO. On sale at
Sherman, Clay Sc. Co/s, where complete ex-
planatory programmes may be obtained.
WOODWARD'S PAVILION
8 AN FRANCISCO'S WINTER CIRCUS.
Season opens WEDNESDAY XIGHT, ¦ Feb. •
20. 1902. with LEMEX'S GREAT PAN-AMER-
ICAN CIRCUS, embracing among other at-
tractions the COOK SISTERS, the two moat
daring lady bareback riders ln the. world. Raw-
eon's Pacific Coast Trained Animals and B«-
nard's New Zealand Circus. • in conjunction with
th« Woodward Amusement Company's Great
and Stupendous Aggregation. General Admis-
sion 25e. Children 10c. Reserved stats 23o extra."
Matinees .Thursdays, Saturdays and Sundays.
R9.OO Per Ton 39.00
Better and cheaper than ccal : no screening, no
was^e. Your coal dealer-sells TeBla. Briquettes;
all one size. Phone South 95 about them.
A dispatch . received yesterday by the
Merchants' Exchange from "Seattle re-
ports the steamship Bertha afloat and
towing to the Puget Sound port. \ •
Bertha Is Afloat.
To Accommodate First-Class
Local Travel.
The Santa Fe carry an elegant chair car on
the California Limited from San Francisco to
Bakersfield. Leaves daily 9 a. m. Also stop*
at Stockton. Merced. Fresno and Hanford.*
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Q* 10EltfmiTST.te*..Ctfct7&,S.r.CiL i
\ XST" Tb& Larrest Acatcmical Museum in the \
C ¦_7r.i_ ¦*'«— ¦* eakn«i« or injr contracted A
T Kg £S3 •tuc rMllinlj cor«4 by the oldet f
0 |gJHrSp«ot_«i4eCoiit E»L 3 5 r eirs. %
0 JSErl DR< J C R DAN-D!SEASES CF MEN A
\ f^S.it H Co««atutioa free »nd strictly printe. \
§ I iS\£ a Trtaraaent p«r»naliy or by letter.- A A
\ K W i\ P f—ft— Our*incTcryc»ienndcrtiken. T
jlf nA Write for Book, rnLosora v sr 4
w 1 'I BAKBIACE, MAILED FKEE. (AT
1 O U' n>l — ' book tot °"" n ' A
f SB. 4OCDA> _ CO.. 1051 Market St. S. P. 9
The "Dr. if^ '^. Alden Electric
Belt" (with 5K_7C • u s p e nsory) is
rusranteed o«^ to possees all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now cold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong current of electricity and Is
p£«:iy regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can b« had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS; XO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. £06 Post st'., San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway, New York.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
ctrength to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
J- C WILSON h Cft ** S*ttery Street.
*• V ft U<JUfl ft vtf. t Telephone Main 1884.
—————— —
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYR ft fft Chippie* Butcher*. 101
_____
-.UBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD Jk KLLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phont Main 17X9.
PRINTING.
F. C KIIfiRF^ PRINTER.
t> W>- mjUUCj- 611 Eimomt St.. S. V.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
TH_ HXCKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First street. Eas Francisco.
AiVEBTISEMENTS. {
AjLaJSRf __£& W ¦ E — _ _ j8I *
MBSvBSw ' ¦ wfTT_si e* ft Bfg wssb v_p *
—¦GlSr—r I y3tj_ jy/j
mimimm
i-ositivcly cared by thess
Little Pills. 1
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too IJearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for "Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill* Small Dose.
Small Price.
SfATEMENT
OP THE-^ —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
, OF THE
SECURITY TRUST
— AXD —
LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. I?* THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1901. and lor the year ending on ,
that day; made to the Insurance CommiEstoner
of the Sts-t* of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements al section <J13 of the Political Code
of eaid State.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash •' * 600,000.00
ASSETS. ~ t
Net varue of Real Estate owned
by the Company $1,033,000.00
Amocnt of Loans secured by Bond .
and Mortgage on Real Estate.. 125,600.00
Premium note and loans in any
form taVen in paysient of pre-
miums on policies now in force.. 60,35S.4S
Cash market value of all Stocks |
and Bonds owned by the Com-
pany 241,936.00 .
Amount of Cash on band in Com- j
pany'e office • 611.08,
Amount of cash deposited ln Banks 32.332.M
Interest due and accrued »,445.70
Agents' Ledger Balances 36,395.22
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 104,183.18
Cash loans to policy holders on
this Company's policies as-
signed as collateral , ."0.520.30
Chestnut-Street National Bank... 12,641.69
Total Assets SI. C77.030.10
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments tn process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
cue •'•• • - $ 68,335.31
Claims resisted by the Company.. 25,600.00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with
four per cent interest 1,126,203.72
Taxes Bills, etc L.8SS.08
yreefr.t value of unpaid amounts
on matured Installment policies. 23,334.00
AU other liabilities 17,215.01
Total Liabilities 11.263.476.13
ZVCOME.
Ca«h received for preminms on ..."
new policies durizg the year....* 161.941.02
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year C31.791.49
Cash -received for interest 22.200.83 i
Cash received for rents ie3,175.65
Received for reinsuring risk* or
American Union _fe Inc. Co.... 206.6U.S3
Received from all other sources.. 1.816.75
Total Income $1,177,037. 47
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowir._ts "..$ 600,672.62
Cash paid for surrendered policies. 13,336.00
Cash paid for dividends to policy : .
holders 146.32
Commissions paid to agents 134,025.70
£&Uu-ies and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.. 37.9S5.75
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 3,246.4ft
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 15.887.02
Cash paid for taxes 18.306.42
Cash paid for rents i 22.S40.C3
Cash caid for commuting commis-
sions X.... 3,700.00
All other cash payments (specify-
ing) 4 243,400.46
Total expenditures during
the year $ 992.947.30
P.0BERT E. PATTISON. President.
O. A. CRAIKE. Secretary-
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this Sth.
4ay of February, 1902.
VINCENT BOSEMON.
Commissioner for California in New York.
Sells to-day .and ;.to-m6rr6w. as * their
special ?2 50 men's hats for 90c. at^the
Lyceum, 915 Market St., opp. Mason. ; ?
¦-¦¦¦'•-: "* - 1 '."¦' . - ' ¦ .-,•¦-•¦.•
The Manufacturers' Sale
I. NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
UNNA DEFINES A CAUSE.
European Skin Specialist Says Dan-
' druff Is Caused by Parasites.
Upon that theory, proved . beyond a
doubt, a cure for dandruff 'was sought af-
ter. . Scientists, chemisf 3,' druggists and
physicians - all - "took a hand," and the
successful Issue is the 'present product
known as "Newbro's Herplclde."
This remedy actually kills the parasites
that Infest the hair bulb, does its work
most effective and contains not an atom
of substance injurious to anything else
than the germ alone. Herplclde .causes
the hair to grow aa nature intended It
should, soft and abundant.
Teeth Without Plates
•*. . for the cost of the material. All work ~ —
guaranteed. Osen Sundays and even-
ings. _ •
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Taylor St., Cor. Golden Gate Ave.
For Stomach Disorders'
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK -¦¦¦-¦
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
• ; 220 BROADWAY. N. T. ;
PALACE and-
GRAND HOTELS.
: On one side of ' these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
. facturers". district — on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
. ' ters. Street car3 to all parts of the
city—^depots, ferries and parks-^
2 pass the entrance. ¦ - '*-'V-
American and European plans.
. aiw luaj^M—jarra. .
METROPOLITAN BALL
The ' Seats Sale ' for the Appearance on .
¦ - .z-p; ¦ - Next-.:: ¦ ;¦ ;
Mondajr Evening^ March 3,
After European Triumphs of the Peer-
less Diva,
EMMA NEVADA
r V; Assisted py Those Great Artists. •
PABLO ' CASALS, violoncellist : LEON
MOREAU,; pianist; DANIEL. MA-
QUARRE, flutist. •; ;
Begins To-Morrow Morning
At Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Store, *,
i Orders, accompanied by chsck.
Mill w "l receive prompt attention if
mA>L» addressed J. S. Hlrsh. Palaca
«i -.Hotel.
Wednesday Evening Feb. 26, 8o'clock.
THE CECIUAN PIANO PLAYER.
! : . The Perfect Piano Player.
Recltaf by Mr; H. O. Fox of Chicago.
¦ Admission Free. No ' Reserved Seats.
RAGING
-^g^J»£fr*^*WtBi'» c very Week Day—
:Xw: Rain o* Shins.
NtW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
'.Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
: Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2;30 and 3 p. in., connecunx
with trains stopping at C the entrance - to the
track. Last two car* : on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. . All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo avenue
electric cars. at Seventh and Broadway, Oak.
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway," Oakland. These electric cara
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains ¦ leave the / tT9Cfc • at 4:13
and 4;« p. ra. and Immediately after the l_t
r»c». • '-:¦¦ "¦ '-¦¦¦ . ¦ - • : ¦¦¦:- • ¦ - -. :•. : ,
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
.. CHAS. F. PRICE, fiecjr.. and. Mcr,the wholesale provision firm of Brigham,
Hoppe & Co., and a pioneer of California,
I passed away this morning at the residence
of his son, Frank E. Brigham, 1007 Oak
street, Oakland. The aged merchant had
been in feeble health- for some time, but
- did not; become seriously ill until two
weeks ago. Death was duo to organic
trouble and old age. "
Mr. Brigham had, been for nearly 1 half
a century^a prominent figure In the com
mercial life of San Francisco. Born in
S e , W x. York seventy-nine years ago, -Mr
Brigham Spent his early years in Verl
mont and in Boston, where he was en
gaged in the 'provision business. Like
x many other young New Engenders, he
was struck with the gold fever. Dlspos
' i ngr ¦S f ,, 1 2 ls t> uslness - Mr - Brigham came
E S ??" or ? la ' arr iving . In ', 1851. For a
h ?£ V m , e h i fen e a &ed in mining, but soon
.settled , in ISan Francisco, • establishing
Emmet's Birthday Anniversary.
The memorial celebration' of the an
niversary of the birth of Rpbert Em
met will be held under the auspices
of • tho Knights of the Red Branch
at Metropolitan Hall on the evening: of
March 4. Mayor Schmitz will preside and
Rev. ¦William Dollard will deliver the ora
tion. Leo Cooper will recite Emmet's fa
mous speech and the Gaelic Choral Soci
"ety will sing old Gaelic songs. The pro
gramme will include other interesting fea
tures.
Chinese Coolies Must Prove Their
Right to Remain in the
United
United States Circuit Judges Gilbert,
Ross and Morrow sat as the United
. States Circuit Court of Appeals yester
day and handed down an important opin
ion dismissing the appeal in tho deporta
tion case of Fong Mey Tuk, a Chinese
woman of the coolie class, who was found
in this city without the registration cer
tificate required by the exclusion act. Tha
c.Mef point of the appeal made on behalf
of the woman by Lyman I. Mowry, her
attorney, was that the United States
Court Commissioner had no jurisdiction
in such cases. The Court of Appeals de
cided that the Commissioner had juris
diction.
On the other point in Issue the court
held that the burden of proof in ouch
cases rests upon the Chinese persons.
The court says:
She should prove to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner the facts upon which deDended
her right to remain in the United States. This
she failed to do. Judgment of the District
Court- is affirmed.
"The following cases were also decided:
City of Seattle *3. John W. Thompson
Washington— Appeal dismissed. .
First National Bank of Seattle vs. the City
T J"i&., a 2 d . afe P e P° 8l t a°d Surety Company
of Philadelphia and Frank H. Paul—Decreea/
flnned dismissing: the bill of Intervention. Mr
Justice McKenna, who sat on the case la
Seattle, filed a dissenting opinion
COURT OF APPEAXS
DECIDES THKEE CASE3
Simon Simpson, a house-mover at 11
Decatur street, was charged before Judge
Conlan yesterday with disturbing the
peace* of the neighborhood. Simon Cur
ran, who lives under him, was the com
plaining witness, and he was backed up
by Edgar de Jarrac and Mrs. P. Lyons,
who live on either side of the Simpson
flat.
The witnesses testified that Simpson
usually kept pounding the floor of hia
bedroom till 2 o'clockin th© morning, but
on the morning of February 16 the pound-
Ing continued till. 5 in the morning. Cur
ran described the noise as resembling
that which would be made by a crazv
man; De Jarrac- said it resembled a
troop of cavalry drilling, and Mrs. Lyons
said it sounded as if some ona were danc
ing a reel or Irlah jig.
Simpson, in his own defense, said he
had heard queer noises himself during
nights and thought It might be due to
"spooks." He said he went to bed every
night at 8 o'clock and did not get up till
5 in the morning. His wife denied that sho
had ever heard her husband make any
unusual noise, but the Judge believed th»
Other side and convicted Simpson, who
will be sentenced this morning.
to Spooks,
House-Mover Attempts
to "Pass the Buck"
SIMPSON FAILS
TO SHIFT BLAME
T . ; B. 'Simpson ; Appears ' iii Court.
• T.R.. Simpson, former, bookkeeper for
the'; Molse-Klinkner • Company,* -v, 820-1 San
some street; appeared before Judge Fritz
yesterday on the six charges of embezzle
ment t against V him.- < The prosecution was
not " ready: to ; proceed , and -by consent the
cases were continued till Thlirsday.^The
two women ."who call " themselves Mrs
Simpson continu* to visit him daily. In the
City.* Prison.;-- *
'":¦- - .-. - -. - '.¦¦"- i '.'*¦- ¦ i • I
His Leg Broken-by a Kick.
T. , L. Gronkvist "got into \ an altercation
¦with a man known as -"Swedish -Bear"*' on
Sunday - morning i in a % saloon ' and " "the
•liear.". . it ; is alleged, : kicked him v on the
leg with such force as to cause a double
fracture of the bone. The i injured man
was treated at the ' Emergency Hospital
by Dr. James Murphy. •,
Special" Officer Fitzgerald's Identifi
cation Turns Out. to Be a. ;
... ¦¦¦¦-|-V .^"^Mistake. . u ;
Joh"r/ Finegani : a young man accused of
stealing a 'box of tobacco -Vfrom the
wharf of the .Oriental Steamship- Com
pany, last November,, was acquitted of the
charge .by. a jury in Judge-Graham's
court -yesterday. The jury was out but
three minutes. The verdict-was expected,
as there was no testimony offered by the
prosecution,' excep't that of Special Officer
J. .Fitzgerald, -who testified that .he saw
Finegan , in : the. neighborhood of
wharf on the day the theft was com
mitted. . ";-. . •"-- '
?,:-Finegan insisted that the , officer had
made a mistake, but the latter was
equally positive that he had not; -That
the : : special officer was • mistaken .was
proven," however, by a bookkeeper In- the
employ of "a shipping firm, who testified
that on the day the tobacco was stolen
Finegan was at work on the steamer
Ventura at the Potrero, and'."ver!fled<-hl3
statement. by exhibiting his books.
FINEGAN PROVES THAT
- .;l V HE IS' NOT" A THIEF
Entries for Second Annual Contest f cr
Men's Amateur Championship of
Coast Closed- To-Day.
| The competition for the new Council's
Cup for-women of the San Francisco Golf
Club has been so much interrupted by
the stormy weather that the semi-flnal
round, 'which' should have been played
lp.st Friday morning,- still remains unde
cided. Miss«Allce Hager and Miss Alice
Hoflman were to have played their match
on tho Presidio links yesterday; morning,
but were prevented, by- the heavy rain.
Tho match will be ; decided at the 'first
convenient opportunity and the winner
will meet Mrs. R. Gilman Brown in the
final round. The contest between Miss
Hoffman and ' Miss Hager Is expected to
be close and interesting, as both are long
drivers and play a -strong game. It is
.expected, however, that the winner will
go down before 'Mrs. Brown.
As the ladies have no event, set down
on; their schedule for ' any earlier date
than March 10, there will be abundant
lime to clear off the contest for the Coun
cil's- Cup without, disturbing the pro
gramme. • ¦ ' . .
The entries for the second annual com
petition for the Pacific Coast Golf Asso
ciation's men's amateur championship
close at 5 o'clock this evening at 19Bea!e
street, with T. P. Cower, they secretary
of the 'association. The golfers'who enter
will play the qualifying round -over
thirty-six holes, next Monday, beginning
at 9:30 a^ m.. on the links of the Los An
geles Country Club. ; The sixteen players
who! make the lowest . gross -, scores will
enter for the first match play round; of
the contest.. . • .. .
accepilng the proposition of the. Finance
Committee, that the overdraft of $2500 for
maintenance of inmates -be. paid, and to
pay $50d monthly'for the same purpose.
Want Mission Street Repaved.
The Hackmen's Union petitioned that
the roadway of Mission- street,' ¦ between
"Silver.and Onondaga avenues, be repaved
referring to the fact that property owners
had" subscribed $7500 toward' the improve
ment. • . ¦ . ?¦¦ •
The Richmond District Improvement
Association, sent a communication -con
gratulatlns the board ,upon the 'passage
of the resolution 1 declaring its intention
to aco.uire the Geary -street road as a
municipal system.
A^communication was received from A.-
C. Campbell, requesting. that when pre
paring the yearly schedule for supplies
for public institutions the board eliminate
therefrom the specification for a particu
lar brand of goods, vv •¦-• ¦
The -Italian-American Bank was "gran t
ed"a permit to erect a seven-story build
ing,- 9a feet; In height. Some opposition
was^ raised because the present-ordinance
lmits the height of non-fireproof build
ings . to 80 ... feet, .though -, a ' proposed
bill raises , the limit to W feet. 1 , luuyoaeu
Milton Cook Is suing Adam Grant "and
Edith Cook, administrators of the Estate
of Horatio Nelson , Cook, who died in
Marin County,. October 13, 1891, to compel
the sale of a portion of the Cook estate.
The plaintiff claims that the property he
is Interested in. as a legatee, located on
Hyde street, near Sutter, cannot be di
vided, and says that a sale is. necessary
in order that, all interested parties may
derive a benefit. : >j;- ' - ¦ ;V>
"Wants Property Sold.
The funeral of the late Dr. John I*.
Slefkes, who at the time of his death was
the high court physician of the California
High Court of the Independent Order of
Foresters, took place yesterday afternoon
from his late residence, 2638 Folsom
street. There was" a large attendance of
friends and acquaintances, also the offi
cers and members -of Court Southern
Heights, of 'which the deceased . was a
member. ¦
High Court Physician at Best.
INDIES' GOLF MATCH •
PREVENTED BY BAIN
EATH gleaned a rich harvest in
San Fraocisco' yesterday when
three- of its best known citizens,
prominent in public and business
life, passed away.^ Two of the
decedents had reached that" time" of life
when the last call might at any moment
be expected, but the inclement weather
of the past three weeks did much to sap
their impaired vitality and to hasten them
to lay down the burdens of life, which
under more . favorable, conditions might
have been longer borne.
| The more, prominent of those who ex- I
pired .was Henry Lee Dodge, senior mem
ber of the wholesale grocery firm of
Dodge, Sweeney &' Co., who! died at his
lesidence, 2015 Franklin ; street, at \. 6
o'clock yesterday, morning. He had not
bten in the, best of health for a year past,
but until a v week ago he appeared -.dally
at his office. He contracted a cold which t
made rapid drains upon his vitality ': and
en , Sunday his physician, Dr. M. Herz
utein, announced that the end was inevi
table. The sick man lingered until C
o'clock yesterday morning- when ¦ he
breathed his lost. ¦ -.;-. ";
Descended From . Old Family.
Henry Lee Dodge was a native of Mont
relier, Vt., where he was born January
31, 1825. He was descended from an old
New England family, the son of Nathan
Dodge and Hannah Phinney, both being
among . the -early , settlers ; of Vermont.
Dodge received | his rudimentary . educa
tion In the . schools ¦ and academy of ; hla
native town. ; At the age of 17 : years, In
1S42/ he entered the University of Ver
mont. In 1847 he began the study of law
in the law office of Platt & Peck In Bur
lington, where he continued his studies
until the outbreak of the California gold
"fever" in 1849. Led by its spell he de
termined to try hia fortunes m the new
El Dorado. .With twelve friends he made
the journey across, the continent ¦¦' via
Mexico, arriving' in San Irancisco on
June 1, 1849,- after a journey of three
months and a half. . - , ¦
. Mr. Dodge went to the mines, where he
remained for. some weeks. In August,
1349, John W. Geary, then- Alcalde of San
Francisco, appointed Dodge as clerk > of
his court ana in the following December
he received the additional appointment of
clerk of , the Ayuntamiento, or Town
Council. He filled both of these positions
until the Mexican form of Government
was dissolved by the California r .\ State
government • and .* her admission to ¦'¦' the
Union "'in. 1850., After" the {admission "to
statehood the government I of -, California
was reorganized on the American Bystem,'
Colonel Geary. ,was. elected and .he
letained Dodge as :his' clerk. 'Dodge 're
tained the position about a year ana, then*
abandoned it to take up, his profession of
the, law." '¦ ¦ - "- .' .. ;¦>- -'.1 •• ¦*'' .*¦£ '¦,¦]¦
Harries and Becomes a Lawyer.
In . 1851 . Dodge returned to his ;" native
State, c and on -December. 2 , of that year,
in .i Orwell, he was married., to Omira;.
daughter of Hon. Roswell Bottum. : olL v the
same town. The couple returned .to this
cityand in ' 'May, ' JSbz,' Dodge \ was •'admit'
ted to . practice . in t the , Supreme . Court 5 of
California' and In -the: Federal Court of
the United 'States. His, talents as a law
yer soon won for him a large and'profit
able clientage. But mercantile -pursuits
seemed' to promise more lucrative results
than his professional ; work. • He there
fore • closed his law' office in ,1854, and'
joining his brother, 'L. C. Dodge, . estab
lished a" wholesale provision 1 house The
business grew for forty-eight- years : with
some slight; changes ,nv the? flrm,» It'-be-
Ingnow Dodge, Sweeney -&¦ Co.- '•¦ ••*'--.«"
, In 1861 Dodge .was appointed by ' Mayor
Teschemacher ; to the . Board -of/- Super-'
visors .to fill an.unexpiredlterm.; On the
election following,' he was ;, elected * to i a
full . term, representing- tha" Sixth * Ward
'-¦".-
in the board. He .was subsequently elect
ed on the Union ticket as Assemblyman
and accordingly resigned his position in
the -Board of Supervisors in January, 1862,
and, took his seat among the lawmakers
of the Capitol. He served in the State
Senate from 1864 to 1SG8. He was ap
pointed,in June, 1877, on a Treasury com
mission with F. F. Low and H. R. Lin
derman, director; 'of the Mint as asso
ciates, to Investigate the condition of the
San:.- Francisco; Mint and the Custom
house. His .work on this, commission at
tracted genera .. attention and in the fol
lowing December he was appointed Su
perintendent' of .¦ the United States Mint
in this city. "He retained this office four
years and a half.
Member of Assay Commission.
.^In January/. 1886,' he was invited by
President 1 Cleveland to serve on the
United ¦ States ,'Assay Commission, which
met in 'Philadelphia in February of 1S37.
In January,? 1885,, he was elected presi
dent «.of. the. .Chamber of Commerce, and
•in . the following January he was re
elected, to -the -same position.
, \The deceased was long connected with
the Society;, of -California Pioneers, hav
ing, served 1 as president of that organiza
tion during- 1879-80. He was a life mem
ber} of the San Francisco Art Union and
other 'kindred ; associations. He was for
years a trustee of th© Leland • Stanford
University.-. .
Dodge was a Republican.
His^ prominence as a business man and
capitalist , made him a conspicuous figure
in public and private movements having
for their -end the | improvement - of San
Francisco or the general advancement of
her interests.. His intimate knowledge of
business In- all its branches rendered his
counsel of .value, so that he was chosen
to the directorate of several large finan
cial institutions, Including the Union
Trust Company and the Nevada Bank.
He succeeded In: amassing a- large for
tune, estimated to exceed $1,000,000. The
deceased leaves ; a widow, but no chil
nr;in^rlI mentS f ° r the fe?#?
Death of Daniel Keefe.
i\}f a ¥ i0I i? ° r u blends : will mourn i the un
timely death of Daniel; Keefe, the well
Pnown .Produce merchant, ¦ who . passed
away, at- his home. *260&, 'Howard street,
yesterday morning.. >He* was one' of the
loading business men of the city. and was
extremely; popuUir;,-, He died, compara
tively speaking,, in tjie prime of life. He
£0^ w? : T ears of a g e - and was' at the
head of. an important company, lie had
come' by way of the Horn when quite a
y 'v. a^ d^ he struggled" upward until he
reached that success ; that was gratifying
to himself and family.*: . -
[h For; the last twelve days deceased: had
: been 'confined - to his ; bed -by illness.- He
was being treated for liver trouble by Dr.
dallwey, but all j his physician could do
was > unavailing, for Mr. Keefe passed
away at 5:30 a. m. yesterday. ¦
'S Mr. Keefe leaves a- wife and ;flv'e chil
dren. •>¦ He had big interests in Menda
ciho, Sacramento, San Joaquin and Santa
Clara counties. > His 1 holdings were re
cj aimed ,- tule lands. • , HJs- company had
large .'contracts with: the Government.
Nearly- every month thousands of tons of
hay^and- grain were shipped to the Phil
ippines for use* of the. army. It is said
that> his company i was the only ' one on
the. Pacific; Coast that -was' able* 1 to "ac
commodate the Government with large
supplies of this kind at short notice.' Mr.
Keefe was a charter member, of the Pro
duce; Exchange.' -¦'- • • ,'- .-.,.•,
- The ;, funeral - will - be ; h'eld i to-morrow
from ¦; his », late residence, > 2606 1 Howard
Btreet.v ; The cortege will 1 leave the house
ct; 9 ,0'clock and . repair - to :r St.s Feter'u
Church,.- ¦¦„ Twenty- fourth and -Alabama
streets, )\ where a - solemn '-requiem ¦¦: high
mass .will -be celebrated for 'the repose of
his ,: soul. ;,.: "¦'•¦.',: ¦ \- . , ;
Calvin* Brigham Answers Summons.
'- Calvin O. Brigham, eenloi: member o£
himself in the old Washington market. '
. Continuing there until 1869, he founded
the firm of Brigham, Whitney .& Co., the
late C. E. Whitney of San Francisco and j
Petaluma, also a pioneer, being associat
ed with him. After the dissolution", of
this partnership the present ' house of
Brigham, Hoppe & Co. was formed in |
1880. "Mr. Hoppe died several years ago.
Frank E. Brigham "is the surviving
member of the firm and is the only sur- i
viving member of the family. Mrs. Brig
ham died in 1893. !
The elder Brigham retired from active
business a year or two ago, falling health
compelling him to withdraw. ¦ He had
never sought political favor nor public
place. Outside of his * attendance upon
political conventions in Alameda County,
Mr. Brigham was not active along those
lines. His •home had been In Oakland for
thirty-three years. , •
Mr. Brigham was a member of Califor
nia Lodge, F. and A. M.. and California
Chapter, Royal Arch Masons, of San
b rancisco, and of Oakland Commandery
No. 11 of Knights Templar.
The funeral will be held Wednesday
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock from decedent's
late residence in Oakland. "
Funeral of James Dewing.'
The friends and comrades of James
Dewing were -undeterred by the rain that
fell last Sunday and attended his funeral
in, large numbers. Mr. Dewing passed
away last Saturday after N an illness of
two years. .At the time of his . death he
was 56 years of age. He was well known
to the residents of this State "as a pub
lisher and his reputation as a business
man was known in the far East, i He was
head of the firm of J. Deling & Co., with
offices in the Flood building. He came
to this State at -the ' close of the war.
He had served from [6L to '65, battling
for his country, and when he received
Ms discharge he came to this city and
joined his brother, Frank, .who was then
read of. the 'Frank 4 Dewing Company.
Upon his demise the firm name was
cnanged to James Dewing. In 1887 the
jiublishing house incorporated as - the J.
Dewing Company. Among; the notable
publications issued by • Mr. . Dewing was
"Picturesque California."
> Solemn services were held at the house
of deceased and later at. the hall of the
George H. Thomas Post, | ot which * de
ceased was a member. Rev. E. A. Woods
read the funeral service of the Baptist
church and John H. Roberts, an intimate
friend of deceased, delivered ,the eulogy.
THREE PROMINENT ' CITIZENS
WHO HAVE- BEEN SUMMONED
. BY THE DESTROYER,
The' members of the Mechanics' Insti
tute will hold their annual election of
trustees to-day at "the institute building
at 31 Post street,. Seven trustees are to be
elected. .. - : "y\J r C "-.^'Wc' -?¦'.-<. '"-¦ '¦':¦ •¦' ;^
The fight promises to be the most ex
citing in 'the history of the institution,
much rivalry being shown. There are
fourteen trustees pfflce In the
Mechanics'. 'Institute, seven of whom are
elected each 'year ari^j ho W office for two
years. There : are candidates
for office. * - " .
.The, seven trustees whose time has ex
pired-are = working for re-election, six of
them' heading one ' ticke't. P. J. Healy,
the seventh member, is also after another
term," but runs independently, as he has
been at outs with his fellow officers.
The six referred , to, George Beanston,
James K. Cosgrave, Samuel C. Irving, L.
R. Mead, A. J. Taussig and George H.
Wallis,- have . issued .an address I to tha
members, stating' the good work' "done by
them, and while. they do not openly ask
for re-election on the present ticket, they
call the attention of the members to 'the
fact that their knowledge of the affairs
of the institute, acquired during, the last
two years, may be of further service to it.
At the last election 527 votes were cast
for trustees, with a membership of 3800.
At the, election prior, to; that 631 votes
were cast, with a like -membership." Ow
ing to the. unusually - large number of
candidates this year a much, larger vote
is expected to be polled. , Elections of the
institute in the past have been held under
what was known as the preferential sys
tem. Last year this system Was changed
and the voting will be done on, a ballot
exactly the same as that used in. the
city elections. The polls will be open
from 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. to-day. • *
Those 'whose names appear on the bal
lot are: •
¦'" "George Beanston, Henry M. Black, Ernest
Brand, C. " "W. Conllsk, • Leo Cooper, James ! K.
Cosgrave, William M.Cubery. John M. Curtis,
Henry C. Davis, John S. Drum, Patrick F.
Dundon, Tlrey L. - Ford. Edward A. T. Gal
lagher. Edward P. Heald, P. J. Healy, Samuel
C. Irving, H. C. Kinne, John M. Klein, C. S,
Laumelster, A. F. Lawton, James i H. Lyons.
Byron Mauzy, L. R. Mead. Thomas Morrin,
Joseph Rosenthal, Cams T. Ryland, J. C. Sala.
Oscar T. "Shuck, R. J. Lansing, George H.
Wallia and John H." "Wise. "
. ' ... ¦ . . i ¦ - . ¦
Lively Battle Expected
at Mechanics' Insti
tute Election.
MANY SEEKING
TRUSTEESHIPS
An amended ordinance limiting the
height of fences of wood or other inflam-
niable material to ten feet was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee by
the Board of Supervisors yesterday. The
new measure i§ framed to meet the de
fect in the original ordinance as laid
down in Judge Seawell's decision that
the limit of ten feet above the level of
the sidewalk is illegal. The enacting
clause of the proposed ordinance fol-
No permit shall be given to build or main
tain a fence of wood or other inflammable ma
terial over ten <10) feet in height, unless said
fence is built or maintained as a windbreak,
or as a means to protect the public from in
jury from any .'building or other structure in
the course of construction, alteration or de-
Eirucuon.
Information, for Water Hates.
The board adopted a resolution-direct
ing the Spring Valley Water Works
to furnish the Board of Supervisors on
or before February 27 with the following
information pertinent to ' the. present
water rates Inquiry: " ¦'¦: "-
First — A list of the officers of the Suburban
Water Company, together with a verified copy
of its articles of incorporation. • ;
Second — The original contract between the
Suburban Water Company and the Spring- Val
ley Water Works or a verified copy thereof;
Third — Whether or not any. property former
ly owned by the Spring Valley Water Works,
and embodied in the former statements ren
dered this board, has been transferred to the
Suburban Water Company. - / '
Fourth — The price paid for water by tha
Spring Valley Company to the Suburban Water
Company.
In the water investigation it developed
that the Spring "Water. Valley Company
had formed the Suburban Water Com
pany to furnish water from Alameda
creek to consumers in Alameda County.
Some of the Supervisors think that the
value of the system should be deducted
from the appraised valuation in fixing
the income of , the Spring Valley. Com
pany for the next fiscal year.
The clerk of the board was directed to
advertise for proposals for doing the offi
cial advertising for one year,-commenc
ing April 1, 1902.
The property owners of Eureka Valley
petitioned the board to abate the -al
leged nuisance at Gray Bros.' brickyard
at State and Douglass streets.
Building in Middle of Street.
The petition of the - Board of Works
that a resolution be adopted declaring a
framd building on. the roadway of Shra
der street, between Haight. and Waller,
a public nuisance, was referred to the
Street Committee. The building was
placed on the street by the Sheriff in
execution of a writ of restitution. The
resolution directs the Sheriff or the oc
cupant of the building to remove it within
two days from date of service of notice.
If it is not so removed, then the Board
of Works shall tear it down and convey
the materials to the corporation yard.
The petition of M. B. Moraghan .that
provision be made in the next tax budget
for the purchase of a police patrol boat
to protect property on the water front
was referred to the Finance Committee
The communication from the Board of
Education recommending that the claim
of The Call for $283 04 for advertising in
1J392 be paid out of the surplus fund the
same being a valid claim on the city, was
referred to the Finance Committee ,
The invitation of Chief Engineer
Schussler that the board visit the water
sheds of the Spring Valley Company on.
the peninsula was accepted, and Wednes
day at 9 a, m. was set as the time for
starting.
Obstructions on Channel Street- •
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
that the obstructions on Channel street
between Brannan and Townsend must
be removed, as the property covered
thereby is a public street. Lane request
ed the board to obtain a complete ab
stract of title to certain property in
South Park, as suit is about to be com
menced, involving the right of the city
to the use of South Park as a nubile
square. " ,
The Board of Works sent a communica
nt 011 ' -"S^ 11 *, 111 * 1 U had aIr eady notified
the California-street- Railroad Company
to repave between its tracks on Califor
nia street, between Kearny and Mont-
The Board of Works was requested to
investigate the condition of wooden pol»s
at Chenery and Thirtieth streetp, and to
take such steps as may be necessary to
require the San Francisco and San Mateo
Railway Company to place the poles In
a safe condition.
The resolution directing the Board of
Works to use an unexpended balance of
JoCOO to repave Valencia street, from
Eighteenth out, was indefinitely pos^-
To Fill in China Basin,
An ordinance was passed to print
granting permission to 13. Lantry & Boris
for a period of one year to lay a tem
po: ary railroad track 1000 feet long on
the west Une of Iowa street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-fourth, to
connect with the tracks of the Santa F»
Railway Company. The track will ' be
used- for *the sole purpose of grading and
filling in the China basin;.": x.
The Olympic Club was granted permis
sion to hold an amateur boxing exhibi
tion at its gymnasium on the evening of
February 26, 1902. The Hayes Valley
Athletic Club was granted a similar per
mit for February 25. .
The . Health Board was requested- to
make analyses of the drinking water used
in the City Hall. , -..:,•:'!
A communication from the 'trustees of
the Beys' and Girls' Aid Society was read.
The Board of Supervisors resumed its
investigation last night of the financial
affairs of the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company, with 1 a view, to facing the
rates to Jje charged for gas and electricity
during 'the next fiscal year. Chief Engi
neer E. C. Jones was the. first witness and
testified as to .the,cost_of manufacturing
gas. Jones gave figures for the past five
years, showing that the cost had varied
irom $0,463 per 1W0 cubiC*feet for l&ltf to
$u.569 for 19ol for coai gas and $0,469 and
*u.4i2 tor water gas.
Jones produced the contracts for the
purchase of oil from Coallnga oil pro
uucers used In making gas. .One contract
called for 6000 barrels per month at $1 3a
per barrel. The company had procured
w>,u00 barrels at that rate, but the con
tract had been rescinded because the con
tractors were , nearly out of ;oll. . .. The
company then made another contract lor
46,O0u . barrels at ?2 per barrel, and' stm
another contract for 100,000 barrels at 65
cents per barrel- The freight Increased
the cost to- $109 landed in this city. A
contract " for fuel oil called for 90(rj bar
rels per month at $1 14 per barrel.,- . •
Jones then produced figures on the orig
inal cost and present value of* the various
properties of the company, showing re
spectively $14,013,139 3S ana $U.814,8S« »6.
Jones answered a number of queries re
garding the condition and capacity of the
company's plant. ! The amount of gas used
was 817,562,500 cubic feet In 1900 and 878,
322,300 cubic feet in 1901.
¦ Replying to Brandensteln's question,
Jones said that the cost of gas could not
have been lessened had the administration
of the company been different than if
was. Jones denied, that there was any
mismanagement in- the affairs of the com
pany which prevented economical o'pera
tions.
A. Feist, president of the San Francisco
Gas and Coke Company, testified that the
toncern had sold small amounts ¦ of gas
for 3S& cents per 1000 feet at a profit. S.
A. Tacy, secretary of the Equitable Gas
Company, said < the cost of manufacture
was 39 49-100 cents per 1000 cubic feet and
distribution cost 14 cents. The average to
tal cost was 53 cents and the average sell
ing: price Is 79- cents. Oil cost the com
pany 82 cents a barrel under contract, and
coal cost $9 44 per ton. C. L. Ackerman.
president of the Equitable Company, said
gas could not be sold for 75 cents per 1000
cubic feet at a profit. .-•. ' »
The Committee on Artificial Lights sub
mitted a series of questions to be asked in
the investigation of electric light rates.
Engineer Jones Testifies
Before- the Board of
Supervisors.
Board of Supervisors
Considers Amended
Ordinance.
GIVES VALUES
ON GAS PLANT
LIMITS HEIGHT
OF ALL FENCES
CITIZENS PROMINENT IN PUBLIC
AND BUSINESS LIFE PASS AWAY
chant ; Daniel Keef e, t 0ea!eiy and Galvin CX Brighairu
Death Ends Careers :6f : Henty^L, Dodge, Pioneer Lawyer and
THE SAN . FEANCISCO'vCALL, "TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25,^1902.
8
COHfRIGUt MM tr THE PBOCIER* built CO. CINCINNATI
§g <^i» T is significant that in homes of wealth where
,jj|$§S? v the very bsst is demanded, Ivory Soap is
used in the nursery. At the same time, in
<£ ' hundreds of families where economy decides
the choice, Ivory Soap is selected. Thus its purity
attracts the rich; its economy attracts the poor. High
quality and low cost: is.there any better combination?
ADVERTISEMENTS.-
• . *. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Kate Berg, Secretary- Ladies' Aux-
iliary ;of Knights of Pythias, No. 58, Com-
mercial^ Hotel, Minneapolis, Minn., After
Five Years Suffering Was, Cured by Lydia
E. Pinkham'S Vegetable Gpmpound.
! "Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — Whatever virtue theie is in medicine
seems to be concentrated in Xydia E. Vegetable
Compound, I . siiffered for " five years with profuse and painful
menstruation until I lost flesh and strength, and lifehadnocharmsforme.
•Only three bottles of your Vegetable Compound cured me, I
became regular,' without any pains, and hardly know when I am sick.
.: Some of my friends who have used your Compound for uterine
.and ovarian troubles all have the same 1 good .word to say for . it, ahd
the day they first found it."~MRS. Kate Berg.
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE IiETTER IS XOT GENUINE.
When -women are troubled » with' irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation, weakness; leucorrhoea, displacement or ulceration of the
womb, that bearing-down feeing, inflammation of the ovaries, backache,
bloating (or flatulence), general debilityy indigestion, and nervous pros-
tration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude,
I excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy,. "all-
gone "and "want-to-be-left-alone" feelings, blues, and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia E.
£*inlcliain's Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
Refuse to buy any other medicine, for you" need the best.
» -.;f ' Mrs.,Plnkliam invites all sick women to write her for adifcc.
She has pmiided thousands to health. Address I/vnn. Mass.
/I 1 --. a- V i " i ' — » j in I FT
H Liebig^across the label are NOT the BOAKLAND RACETRACK— Monday, Feb. 24.-Weather; showery. Track sloppy.
3341. -FIRST RACE — Futurity course^^elllngTthree-year-olds and up; to first/ $325. ."-".''-¦ -. l -
V I . - . | . . .-»¦-- ¦•; Betting.
Index Horse. Age,. Weight. | St. .; ?,{,. %. -Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. • Cl. ..
3310. Louwelsea, 3 ....107 6 '68 b i * 24 12 G. W. Baldwin. O'Connor ).. 4 : 9i'
3330 Killdoe. 3 ..07 3 11 12*11 '25' B. Schreiber ;. .".Jackson 7-5 ¦ 6-5
3337 Clarando, C ....:. iO7 2 '5h • 4 14 1 3 h K. M. Borchert..J. Daly - 5 ::6 ."- :
3280 Young- Morello 5.112 1 -3 Vt a 1" 3 1 4 2 \V. ' Scharetg....J. .Woods : 3-14-5 '
:j3i:t. Scallywag, 4 ....109 5 ' 4 1 V 6 (5- 6 4 6 5 J. • L. Crooks.. -.Hoar 10 ' 20 .
o305 Silva Cruz, 3., ..100 4 2 4 '2 2 • 5 16 5 ' Baldwin & Co.. .Ransom .-36 .30
1052 Tiraae' C ..;.... .113 7 7 10 7 6 7 10 7. 10 C.A. McCaull....Conley . 15 50
.... Quldado 5 .;.... Ill 9 9 a. 8 185 Charles Mautalen.V.Prior 20 150..
3322 Zurich.^O .:...... 110 8 .85 8 1 i) Cq p. Halllday.r.H. Smith -30 40Q *;
"rfne^-To Vi , :2l"i,4 ; \.pj>k~-Ar i • last %. 1 :OiTi ; short %. 1:14%. • Good ; start. - Won ..easlly.>".
. Second and third driving.' Winner, O W Baldwin's • b.* f. by Rey El*Santa..Anlta-Leola.-r .
v Killdoe raced Silva Cruz and then tired; himself the last sixteenth. - O'Connor rode a perfect
race on winner. Young. Morello tired. Scratched— Bagdad 112. . '. : ¦"-, :. . ¦ . v ,.
3; <4a. SECOND. RACE— Four furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; to- first, $-125. . :
'•••-' )-'-•¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦:,- I . , , • . • ¦*¦ "¦¦ ~~ ' . • ¦ --. •' -.-¦ r Betting: :
Ind^x(Horse and . Weight. St. v %. ->4. Str. : Fin. , Owner , and -- JocKey . -^ Op. Cl.
. 3329 : Tom Mitchell ...103 1 - "... i'.l"J4 : l i%1.2 • G. P.^McNell. .'. .Ransch .; 2 5-2 ?
S151, Temprano.. ......9S 4 .... 3 1 2 h. 2 ns Geo.vVan Gorden. .Hoar . 15 15'
:«29 Delseirno . .". 100 2 ... 4 13 13 2 Chinn & Forsy the. Woods 2 3-2
XJOU Len Reno ....106 7 ... 7 1 5 145 Dickey & Linder. . . Kelly 6 • 12 '
3294 Jennie McGowan.lOi 5 . ..- 5 2 6 2. 5 2 • B. Schreiber . -'. . -Jackson ' ; 6 ¦' •¦ 8 _
..... Mamfe... lft'5 3' ... 2 2 4 h: 6 4 J. Lodge & Co. : J.Daly ... 10 "'30 .
32.-W J. HZ Bennett.... 106 10 ' .,. 8 1 7 4 7 4 L. A. Blasin&ame.Troxlr HO.' 40 /
.^329 Guida .......;„. .1(10 6 ... . fi 2 ' 8 10 8 10 A. B. Spreckels.Birkrth . 10 . 15
....Red Tail ........103 9 ... 9 10 0 50 0 100 Collins & Co.... McGinn 20
. .;. ¦ Border Mark . . . ¦ .1061 8 . ... - 10 - 10 10 : jO'Brlen St Sanders^'Cpn .10 20
I Tinie — Vi, :25%; ',4, :52... Good start. Won easily. Second and third • driving. Winner. G. '
j .P. McNeil's b.' g. by Montana-Contrary Mary, Winner beat the others away. Delsegno a.-*
[disappointment. Reno can do better with a stronger ride, Jennie McGowan does not im- .
| _: Prove. La Figaro 106. ' ' -' . - ~_.^ ' ¦ • y.S
3343. THIRD RACE— Futurity course ;" y lllng ; three-year-olds and. up; to first, $325.
~- ~~\ "^"T ' i ~ . ' . i ./ .. ~~~ T" ' ¦ '- : ¦¦ ¦- >' -.'-.¦ Bcttlnu. .";
Index f Horse,' Age. Weight. St. >4. %. Str. Fin. 1 Owner and Joclc«-y. Op.-CJ.; ; ;
3227 lQulet.'3..." 103 fi 4 2V,' 2 5 1 n 1 2 Jennings & Co..Jackson *'.; .1 9-10,
(3055) Parizade. 3 .. 101 3 1 1 1 H 2 3, 2 2 D. Cameron..... .Ransch * -3 _ 9.2 ,.:
."5157 DawBon, 3 ...^.. 07 2 3h 3 1 3 13 2 W B. Sink Jr.. J. Daly ¦ ¦; 20 1 100
3340 Educate 4 ...107 5/21 424144 W.l E. Cotton ...... Hoar 3 13-5
3311 Lemuel, 3 .....;.10e l' 5 % 5 3': 5 5,5 4. W.H. Ketcheman.Troxlr 20 • 30 " ;
3216 Invlctus, 4 .109 4 6 G : 6 ; .6 James ¦.Wllgon.*. Winslette •:--.. 10 20 y
Time— To %, ; :21#; to '¦%. :47Vi;' last %, 1:04%; short %,"' 1 :14^. Good.'start. "' Won clev/,
- erly. Second and third driving. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s ch; c. by Goldfinch- Silence. ' \
'Quiet outstayed Parizade. Dawson had , plenty of speed.:-.- Educate is stale. Lemuel lm- -
proving some. .' Invictus weakly handled. : S c ratcncd -~T 1^ U 5 < **"^P3"->^5^^>^^C^^:^ J -^-^,
3344. FOURTH RACE-^-Or.e mile 70 ¦ yards ; three-year-olds and upward; to first, |325.
*~~ ¦ , . ¦ . ; , •; I ¦. .<-.: . : .¦•¦ ' ¦."..-. -.v ~: ¦•¦. '.';¦; "¦-." -' •¦* ¦¦"', Bettlntr. . ,
Index Horse/Age. Weight. St. '4. : %.; : Str.. . Fin. , : Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(iiaio Waterscratch. 3.. 06 1. 1 1 11% 1 4: 12 G. Summers & Cfl..Hoar - 2 : 7-2
(3331)|BraEg, 3 .88 4 2n -2n 2n ,2h Curl&Co.:,. Knapp , 4 ; 6
(3307) I Floronso, a....... 107 2:5 4-10 3 6 .3 8 P. McGulre.'.Birkenruth • 3 7-2
(331 7) iThe Weaver, 3... 05 5 •' 4 1 V 3 4 '4 15 4 15 H. I. Wilson.... Jackson .. 8 ". 20
<330S)|Eonic.--4 08 3 3 1 5. 5' 5 Caesar Young. .Winslette ¦¦ T-5 1
Time — \i; :25%; %, :50% ; %, '1:17%: mile. 1:47; lm 70 yards.* 1:51%. Fair start. "Won
easily. Second' and third driving. ¦•-¦• Winner. '.G. Summers & Co.'s ch.'g, by .Watercress
¦ Helen Scratch.' Winner is-far better' than; an, average three-yeaj-old. .-Floronso sheuld
have been second. '. Eonic fell out of the race when a quarter had been covered.
3345. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs;; selling; four-year-olds and upward; to first. $325. .
~~~~~- ~~ ~T~ ~. '~~^ ¦• • -. ¦- T~^ . -.-. ¦•• .-. ' <- ¦.''¦¦ Bettinsr.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. %..•.%.' Str. ,; Fin. .Owner and .,,. Jockey. Op. , Cl.
(32S4) T. of Candles. 4.. 05 2 1.2 ,1 '4 - 1 5 * 1 5 Caesar Young... Jackson 1 ,6-5
¦3099 Impromptu, 4.... 99 6 5 6' 4 6' 2 1^ 2 n ; - Montana Stable. .Ransch -10". 20 ' ¦¦.
(3326) Dr. Boyle. -5 IOC. 4 3 3 -2n 32 36 J. C.Nealon... O'Connor 8-5 3-2,
332H Maresa. 4 97 1-2 5 3 1 4 1 4 2.. J. H. Dolan..: : . . . .Hoar 10 SO .-'
3302 Mission. 5... i 9S 3 . 4 1- C 5 4 6 4 .ljarr.es Wilson;. Winslette 30 , 100
.3337 Sharp Bird. 5.. ...101| C' 6-5 16 0 |A. H. VlveU....J. Daly 4 -7 \
Time— U. :24%: '%.'¦ '.ViViX ¦%, 1:17. "Bad start. Won easily, !; Second' and third driving. •"
Winner, Caesar Young's b.-m.^by Candlemas -Duchess of. Towers. Tower shook oft Maresa \
and then had clear, sailing. Impromptu stood a hard drive.. Sharp Bird left. Daly made
no effort with him. ' " • •¦ - -'''¦'''¦¦ ' ~^^-s^-^^-i^-jLk-^r<^^^^ m
334O. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; to first. $325.
, ¦ ¦ ¦¦.-. I- ' •.. • . '- v - '• ¦¦.* s '. "-¦" ¦ Betting. .'
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. - #. %. Str. Fin.. ; Owner aqd Jockey. - ; Cl. .
3340~ Galanthus. 4..;.. 106 7 : S hV4 2 1 % 1 1 J. Coffey.". .f.V.. .Ransch 6-5 4-5
(3330) Bassenzo, 3.... ... »4 -2 lh 12 21 21 C.J.'Foy ...J.-Daly 5; 7
3340 Grafter 4. 106 4* 22 2n 3 4: 3 5 L. A. Blasingame.J.Wds ,5 7
333t Sea Lion. a. 112 1 3 1 3 V* i'2 4 3 Caesar Young. ..Jackson ,4*5
33:» Merops.. 6.:..*.,.>109-5 "' 7' ' 7- .53 5 3 ¦ F.-D.\Weir. ..,..; .Hoar 8 f>V
1 :»i0 Legal Maxim, 3. .94 6 4 1 5h 6 166 H.L:Jones & ; Co.Redfern ," 7: 50 '
i 3318 El Rey. 4.... 108 3 * 6 162 7. 7 C. Donaleche See '20 100
! Time \i :25; %. :51; ?4*-l:17; %, 1:32. Good start. .Won cleverly.',' Second and third drlv-V
1 ing. Winner. J. Coffey's ch. g. by July -Snowdrop. Winner ; ran; a nice : race, after get-',
ting away last. Bassenzo. ran to form. Too . much weight , on -Sea * blon. Merops .ran
poorly. • • .. y.'- •' . : ', • # ,'. ¦
¦- JEFFERSON \ CITY,'- Mo r , Feb. < 24.-By
an explosion* of *dy na'mlte ; on -the * grading
of ,' the ' Colorado \ Railroad at ; Babbtown,
t wenty-flve t miles "-¦ to '•. the »¦ south - of ; '¦- this
city, Archibald : Johnson i of . Chicago \ . and
C. n E.Vi Andrews ' of . Marshalltown,^ \ Iowa
were? killed.*: They^thoughUthe'fuse was
frozen \ and \ wen t v to : examine it, iWhen . the
Bhottwent'off, killing' them.
Killed, by r an" Explosion of •'Dyiiainite.'
'J- DETROIT, Feb.-, 21.— A . run was^sta'rted
on ; * the , jefferscn-avenu« *. branch ? of ?¦ the
Dime. Savings Bank about. noon:/and
soon after 2 o'clock it.spreadto'thebank
itself, .at ..the corners of • Grlswold / and
Fort . streets. , ¦ Depositors ,' were ,"' paid < as
fast as the accounts could.be checked, and
* the currency • could be : counted, out.'. c '.•" "_
'¦» - It ' is ' impossible " to ¦ learn : what was ¦ the
direct cauee of the run. Help was offered
; by .the: other local '.banks,' but was* de-.
ciincti. ¦ mr .. , .'"^ -^ - .
Eun on a Dime Savings Bank.
. VANCOUVER,* B. C; Feb.i 24;^-A - spe
cial: tjom''- Ottawa >, say«: Hon.:' Clifford
Sifton; : Minister of ¦? the'^ Interior,! in , the"
»Hou6e . of 'Commons ; to-day presented * the
orders : in ¦ council in regard ' to the Tread
; gold : concession in the -Yukon. ;y The ¦ latest
orders , make ; provision | that the' Treadgold
Conrpany : must supply I to ; the * miners r . on
Bonanza, v, Hunker and ' Bear/ creeks -' 2000
inches : of water i at 25 , cents 'per I inchXThe
flrstiorderi was Va' charge , of .. tV, per, inch,
andv required '¦that • - the .-' company i should
supply vonly vifloo > Inches. * ' It- is believed
that v, this \ amendment will .. satisfy \ the
Dawson '.miners,:: who ; are- nowi paying .40
cents r.per.' inch for water, in i insufficient
«" anUti "MHMsK>.;' v "
Dawson. Miners Gain a Point.
;•¦' MONTEREY, Feb'..'24.-A big. run of
steelhead' salmon Is' now ; on ' in 'Monterey
Bay. and phenomenal catches '.are'made
every day. Such a : run at ¦ this season Is
Bun of Steelhead Salmon. X
Fifth race, one mlle/r selling— Echodale won,'
Dr. Carrick second, Little Louis third. .• Time,
1:*7. -¦*... -.- ' ' ¦; , • .-' :¦•;.--
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards, selling- —
Chickadee won, "Digby Bell . second, > Castlron
third. Time. •¦ 1 :SlndHHBBfe
. NEW ORLEANS,: Feb. 24.— Crescent City
summary:-' , • --.. -_¦ -: - -"-? ¦ ,
Flrsf race, one mile. - selling:— Lovable won
Joe Doughty second, Bequeath third. Time,
"Second race, seven furlongs ¦ selling— Algle
M won,- Big, Injun. second,".:. Diffidence third '
Time, 1:33%. . ¦ ¦ • .,- , ."
Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
couree— Mr. Rose won, Harve B second, Ceylon
third. Time. 3:27. , :
Fourth raco, handicap, mile and a' quarter '¦
Jecsi«. Jarboe won,' Silver -Coin -second;' Star
Cotton third. Time; 2:13. . ..'.- •-.*
Baclng Results at New Orleans.
Enters Into an .'Agreement 'With, the
Authorities PrioS* 1 to McGovern
'" . ; Sullivan Contest. '. •
. LOUISVILLE, Feb. 24.— The Times to
day 8ay»: "Chief of Police Gunther, it
developed to-day, caused ', the - McGovern-'
Sullivan fight Saturday' night to* come, to
an end, when It did. Before -the light be
gan . Colonel ; Gunther had an v under':
standing with Referee Fitzsimmonsithat
when in "his opinion > either of the princi
pals was unfit td continue boxing he (the
Chief) 'would arise from- his 1 seat as. a
signal that the fight. was to be: stopped. ¦•
"In the fifteenth round Colonel Gunther,
who was sitting very ' close i to • the ring,
saw "that 1 Sullivan v, was done, for,' and l>e
accordingly arose.-' Fitzslmmons declared
McGovern the .winner.' '< ' ,-:¦...
"Colonel Gunther would have i stopped
the fight had not Fitzsimmons acted." •
FITZSIMMONS STOPS V FIGHT/: '
, . "dY \ ORDER. OP;,THE PO"LICE
'¦¦The i fifth . round appeared to , be : Cox'a,
but Jhe -had only /,: been '¦ fighting about »
mirhute . in : the : sixth : ;: when ¦ his r - seconds
threw up .the ' sponge ] and Referee Levin
son . of ;¦ San l; : Francisco c. announced that
Cox' s '¦: stomach V. had : failed \ • him ' and he
would be unable to continue'the fight. The
fighters : were ; hissed. ¦ .- ...¦.,;,. ¦ . ... . ..
'. The i preliminary event, was. a' ten-round
go between :''Bobbie'.' Johnson and "Jack"
McDonald". \ The V former * scored a"; clean
knock-out ' In '". the » sixth • round, outclassing
his opponent; throughout^' -/..,
FRESNO, Feb. 24.— "Kid". McFadden of
San ¦ Francisco won a decision ¦ over
; Tommy Cox ¦: of -Australia ; in ; the . sixth
round of what was to have been a. twenty
ro.und - contest ¦ before ; the " Central ' Califor
nia Athletic Club to-night." iThe result of
the fight was most unsatisfactory in" every
.way. The i fighting/ during " the • first !. few
rounds f was r tam'e,'v« : and ;\ honors • seemed'
easy.'". Cox- showed '•• up .well, landing fre
quently ¦'-, on T3 McFadden,' o who at '¦ times
seemed a little grog|jy. and was glad to go
to his corner. *.¦,'. *,-->.. '¦'¦' ¦';¦'.'
Seconds of "Tommy'.' ¦ Cox > Throw,; Op
the Sponge in the Sixth
.Round.,; : S .
OP UNSATISFACTORY BOUT
Selections for To-Day.
First race — El Karn, "Woeful, Pencil , Me.
_ . Second race— Montoya, Mildred Schultz, . Lem
uel. . , V- " '¦'*'¦¦ r , . '*-' "
. Third race — Lavator, .Tyranus, Hungarian.' '
- Fourth race-^Diderot,, Sombrero, Botany.
Fifth race-'-Muresca, Meehanus, John Peters.
Sixth race— Larry Wilt, Senator Bruce, Fork
ford. ¦ • ' . -. ' ' ' . ¦ . ' ¦: . '._... ' ¦ "j
CAESAR YOUNG'S mare Eonlc
f shocked the nervous sensibilities
- of three score bettors and ten
by her mystifying showing in
' the mile and seventy yard sell
ing event, at Oakland yesterday. The
Burns handicap winner, carrying ninety
! eight pounds, and with "Texas" Winslette
in the saddle/Was played'down from 7 to
5 to even money. " Showing a dash of
speed Just after the start the favorite
gradually began falling behind, until at
the finish she' was fully twenty-five
lengths back of the leaders. Waterscratch,
the promising " three-year-old from
"GU" Summers' stable; well played ; at
Zy~, early evinced a pronounced fancy for
thti slopj>y going, and won all the way.
Bragg and Floronso fought it out for the
place, , "Willie Knapp on the first named
colt getting the verdict by a head. * The
showing of Eonic fcaused an investigation
to be made by the stewards. Dr. Talbot,
the well known veterinary, examined the
mare after the : race and reported her
temperature to be 102 2-5, with symptoms
of coughing besides. Owner Caesar Young
will appear before the track officials to
day. ¦
The blustering condition of the weather
caused no decrease in the attendance,. the
usual Monday crowd being present. Busi
ness in the ring was brisk, and as three
choices won, while three others forgot to
make connections, honors were about
even between the pencilers and talent.
In the first event to be decided, a sprint
; over the Futurity course, Winnie O'Con
! nor had the mount on George Baldwin's
Louwelsea. The filly, while outclassing
her company, has not been doing very
well of late, ¦ and the price receded from
4 to 9.. O'Connor waited until Killdoe, the
favorite, and Sllva Cruz,,an dutsider, had
finished. an inning out fn the lead, when
he made his move. Killdoe was very tired
v at 'the paddock and Louwelsea won easily
Nay two lengths. Clarando ran third.
ATom • Mitchell, a two-year-old by Mon
tana,"with Ransch up /and 2 l A to 1, led all
the way in the "baby" event. Delsegno,
with : Woods in the saddle, came in for
strong support at odds of 3 to 2, and was
nosed out for the place by Temprano, a
15 to 1 shot."
'A small field of six started in the third
number, another Futurity course run.
-•Walter Jennings' fcolt Quiet had first call
in the ring, and. won cleverly. Parizade
put < up a good argument as far as "she
went; and was then led out two lengths.
Educate seems to have gone back, for
Dawson.-a 100 to 1 shot, piloted. by John
ny Daly, led the mare out for, the show. •
Under 'the conditions Tower of , Candles
looked to hold the other ; starters safe in
the fifth event, cantering to the post a
6 to 5 chance. Sharp Bird did not get
away from the post, and the favorite,
leading throughout, downed .Impromptu
five open lengths. . Dr. . Boyle, a well
backed second choice, ran third. '
- J.-Ransch took. the last race on the card
with Galanthus, the 4 to 5 favorite.. Bas
senzo • fcut : out' . the pace,'/ and, : running - a
very creditable . race, . lost by.' a length
only., ; Woods, on Grafter, dropped into
third place;.' . * ' • "¦/ . -¦ - ;
Track Notes.
Next Saturday, will be Derby... day.
•M. Maher vs. . Barney Drlscoll, 105 pounds-
J. McDonald vs. J. Snailham, 1L8 pounds- P
Martin vs. W. Klehllng, 125 pounds; w' J*
Leonard v». Joe Lundy, -130 pounds; T Ever
ett vs. T.' Floss, 133 pounds; George Peterson
v*. Teddy Wolffe, catchweights, and Sara
Berger vs. J. Sullivan, heavyweights. > -
Thomas Snailham vs. "Young Kid" McFad
den; Phil Schwerin vs. Phil Jacobs; Jonn
Schmelter vs. Joe Angell; Ted'Larkin vs. Joe
Hali; -Frank O'Connor vs. Pat Joyce; Charles
Catsasa vs. John McCormack; W. Sweetnam
vs. Willie O'Brien.
To-morrow evening the Olympic ciub
will give an amateur boxing exhibition in
1U gymnasium: The following card will
be presented : - •¦ ' - - - - • > . ..¦• . --
The latter contest is the most important
of the week. Britt's decisive defeat of
Toby,Irwin in Oakland last week . leads
to the belief that he will send Tim Heg
erty back to the Antipodes a beaten man.
The men will 'fight at. the lightweight
limit, which is 133 pounds. Hegarty may
weigh a little less. Hegarty's friends. say
that bis twelve years' experience ana
cleverness will secure him a victory.
They contend that Tim is not afraid of a
punch and . has solved a plan of battle
that will offset Britt's peculiar style of
boxing. Britt is filled with confidence*
The preliminary bouts will be as inter
i sting as the main event. Dave 'Barry
»-nd Harry Foley will open the pro
gramme with a ten-round bout. "Spider"
Welch and "Kid" McFjadden will make
things interesting for ten rounds. All
these men are well known to local sports
men and they will crowd Mechanics' Pa
vilion to see them N perform. ~
-The Hayes Valley Athletic Club ' will
hoid its regular monthly exhibition in the
Mechanics' -Pavilion Annex- this evening
The following card is scheduled:
. This will be a very busy week, for the
fighters and ring goers. Nearly every
night is taken up with a boxing show
and all of those scheduled promise to be
worth seeing. To-night the Hayes Valley
Athletic Club will shine; the following
evening the Olympic Club will Tiold "an
amateur exhibition and on night
the Britt-Hegarty fight win b« brought
eff in Mechanics' • Pavilion. \ -_ . : -
Britt and Kegarty Are
Training Hard for
Boufc.
BOXERS READY
FOR CONTEST
BARCELONA, Feb. 24.— The Alcalde, in
a statement made public to-day, fixed the
number of persons killed during the riot
ing since February 17 at fifty-six. The
number wounded cannot be estimated. '
The ironmasters have compromised with
their employes on the basis of nine and
a half hours' work per day.
There ere fifty-seven undischarged ves
sels in the harbor.
A majority of the business houses re
sumed to-day. The factories are work
ing and all the street cars are running.
Tranquillity rules, but the precautions
taken for the maintenance of order have
not been relaxed.
Precautions lor the Maintenance of
Order Have Not Been B*laxed
by the Authorities.
TBOTJB'LE AT BARCELONA.
IS BELIEVED TO BE OVER
;.-'•.-¦'" "","" V'
cate him. He had plenty of property, and
hfs debts were few and comparatively in
consequential. No reason, domestic or
otherwise, is known to have existed for
his disappearance, and the mystery thus
fa.r has baffled solution.
. Sixth racer-Five and a half furlongs, selling;
three-year-olds and upward. :
3317 Sen. Bruce.... 96 2644 Little Gun .... 102
3059 Forkford ; ..'..107 3324 Ural . . ..... . 104
..... Winnie W. ... 91 3113 Larry Wilt... S6
3325 L. of Langdon 91 '.•... Maratlne ... 106
3323 Courtier .....104 .... Heart Solo. ...','91
3239 Sen. Matts... 110 .
Fifth racfri-Slx furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and usward. . • . ' .,'.', -,
(3340)Tiburon ... 1 . .110 , 3309 Muresca : ... 102
% 3328 Huachuca' ...103 3345 Mission :... 105
3337 Irate ........100..... E. Hanlon. . . .105
3320 John Peters.. .103 3309 Meehanus '...112
Fourth race— One mile and ' a sixteenth, the
P-lumas handicap; three-year-olds and upwards
(3332) Sombrero ... .110, (3314)C. Ballantyne. 95
3332 Botany ...... 95| 3338 Diderot ......103
3165 Homestead ...118 1,
Third' race — Seven furlongs, selling; three-'
year-olds. -. _';..- . ¦. •-.. . • '. : .
'.3337 Tyranus ..... 071 '3334 Lavator ......107
3324 P. Archibald. 107 3322 The Gaffer. ...109
3322 Flamero ... . . 107| 3334 Hungarian . . .107
Second race-f-Futurlty course, selling:; three
year-olda.' " ','¦ •, •
3324 Sand de Lee.. 107 3282 Sleep's Chiid.104
3343 Lemuel:: 107 3335 Montoya . 112
3335 Breton ..-.;;. .112 3270 Lento ... .T...107
3335 Mil. Schultz.,107
' - ¦ . • ¦ ' ' ¦ ' : ¦'•',"¦"¦-'. ¦ ¦¦ r '
Homestead and Sombrero, two of this aft
ernoon's starters; are being prepared for
the rich event. | /¦: ¦• .-.: ;. « r
J. Ransch rode in good form ,again yes
terday. He reached the wire first bn^Tom
Mitchell and Galanthus and twice finished
on placed: horses. . ¦
"Tom", Benton," the. extensively known
traveling ; man and crack pistol shot," saw
both Eddie -Ames '-and "Pi",Ruiz..when;in
Australia recently, j He -says- both : boys
were well received.^'owing- to their gentle
manly behavior, ¦¦', although .there ;lsra
marked prejudice against :the "Yankee.
Ames beat' the. gate the first time* he got
in the saddle at. Sydney, and was cau
tioned to spring . no - more • Yankee .tricks
or he would be ruled off. ¦ : - . 7 : '-.
. Horsemen 'who have visited Denver, in
the past will regret to learn that W. H.
Shuckman, the energetic secretary of the
Overland Association, • died in - that "city
on February 19. .Death resulted , after an
operation fpr pericarditis. v
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: " " ' . ; ..
I First race— Five and a half furlongs, selling;
three- year-olds and upward.
3078 Pencil Me.... 104 .... Aesop .......108
3319 Rasp ........10* 3260 Woeful ......104
3325 Flattered .... 95 3319 El Karn ;.1O4
3258 Mike Murphy. 97 3334 Elmer L.. . 104
3323 Billisls ......102 3335 Derby Winner 95
3324 Baldo 85H 2916 Jer. Edwards. 93
RICH SACRAMENTO YOUNG
J MAN WHO HAS BEEN MISS
ING FOR WEEKS. •' ;
},JJ'j. .' ¦ . - ' ."' --
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 24.— Xot a sin
gle ray of light has been shed on
the mystery of James L. "Whlt
beck's disappearance from home
and business and his relatives and
friends tre equally at a loss- to explain
his departure cr divine - his whereabouts.
Mr. "VVhitbeck was one of the best known
young men of Sacramento. A graduate of
the University of California, he showed
such learning that he was chosen vice
principal of the Sacramento High School
and instructor in mathematics. His
father v.as a banker and on his death left
the young man much property.
Whitbeek made numerous investments,
his latest •bout six months ago. being the
purchase of Mayor George H. Clark's
interest in the American Laundry. Whit
beck soon became the eole proprietor of
the business, which is a large one.
On Januarv 17 "Whitbeck left Sacramen
to *or San Francisco in company with a
friend, Walter Trefey. He had about
J3&) in his possession at the time. Trefry,
after their arrival in Ban Francisco, made
an appointment to meet Whitbeck a few
hours later at a certain corner. Whit
beck failed to appear, and from that day
to this friends have been unable to lo-
Disappearance of the Rich Young Sacramento BusIt
ness Man Is Not Yet Fxplairiedrv
O'HARE'S DEATH
MAKES TROUBLE
SAYS LANDLORD
THRUST HER OUT
FLIES SIGNALS
OF DISTRESS
French -Bark ; in Diffi
cultiesy off -Gape
V, Flattery. .
Mrs. John Martin ;Sue3
-a Hotel Keeper for
Darn ages.
Olaiinants ¦ to Property
He Left Preparing
for Contest.
Guardian Removes Him to
\ New York Without Per
mission of Court.
Is Believed to 'Be the Lesi
Adelphesy From Madagas- '¦
• ; car for 'Portland.
Complaint Against Weaver
ville"Man Includes Slan
*^.;'der Charge; ;
¦ . .Special' "Dispatch to The Call.' •
AVEAVERVILLE, Feb. 21.— Mrs. John
Martin of Martin will-case ¦ fame ig the
plaintiff in a sensational suit tiled in the
Superior Court . here. She sues James
Morris, landlord of the New York Hotel,
for $50,000 damages for compelling her
and Young John Martin, the putative son*
of the dead mining man. to stand outside
hi3 hostelry all night in- the rain. Slander
is also;* alleged,' ' •
"While stopping, at her mine, Mrs. Mar
tin and < her boy went to. the New York
.Hotel. 'Morris says he told her his house
was crowded. She says he put her out,
and, when, she begged • at his window for
admittance, told , her to go to a wanner
place. "JsjSB^WlStSS^ *¦-/. -> : V''i
The complainant, alleges that her deli
cate health : necessitates her wearing silk
underwear- and that she always carries
a silver chafing-dish . about with her.
She further alleges that. Landlord ~Morrl3
and his wife spread the. report In Weaver
ville that she did these things and that
"any woman who wear3 silk underclothes
and carried her own frying-pan around
the country -with her is not -above sus
picion." v
PORT TOWNSEiVD; Wash., . Feb. 24.— A
French '.bark,- is -baing' buffeted by gales
some distance south of Cape Flattery and
has signals ¦' of -distress flying, according
to reports brought here to-day by the
British ship' Inverkip from Iquitiue. The
bark was sighted qn the evening of Feb
ruary 18 and the signals displayed were
"N. ' C/' Other signals were displayed,
but, as the French vessel was using the
new International code, n which the cap
tain of the Inverkip' could, not make out,
he was unable to Itarn the nature of the
distress of the Frenchman.
'• The^ French bark Is believed to be the
Les-Adelph.es,' now .out* 132 days from
Madagascar, for Portland.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.-The Sempervir.ens
Club this evening , authorized, its presi
dent. J. , ; H.' Campbell, .to appoint a com
mittee of twelve, representing the Cali
fornia Pioneers, .the Native Sons and
Daughters of the Golden West, the "Wom
an's ! Club and the Sempervirens Club, to
aid the, State commissioners in procuring
land for the Big Basin Park in addition to
those upon -which options have 'already
been obtained.
Would Aid State Commission.
;.. By "the death * in ; New York Saturday
afternoon - ; of 'Joseph ¦". O'Hare, .- news of
which \ was: made public for the first time
yesterday, the estate, of the old man;
which hasbeen the subject of sensational
litigation ( for. nearly/ a ! year, will assume
a new.; phase of controversy. The initial
complications " arose because j the ' septua
genarian; conveyed*' his property .to the
_ Jacques 'familyj! by whom he -had been
'employed*: for many ''.years,, excluding the
blood - relatives ': from any ! benefits. This
was ;settlediby."a- compromise last- week,
whereby I the' Jacques , family' turned over
to the estate $42,500 in ¦ cash,' retaining the
real conveyed to them 'by O'Hare.
This' sum,- in addition to. $10,000 received
as- payment, of two *¦ mortgages > held by
Q'Harej | constitutes the assets left by the
old man, arid over which a legal battle is
promised, which may develop sensational
features.'..' ,-..¦_••". ¦ : '.-\ ' -. .- ;•; ; ¦ -..' ..' ' .'*-./
t O'Hare left three sisters, Mrs. Margaret
L. Gowdey -and: Mrs/ Lavinla I>ally of
Brooklyn, and fMrs. v Rogers of Minneapo
lis. Mrs. Lally. . and • Mrs. Rogers each
have a daughter, making five direct heirs
to the estate. Last May Mrs.^Gowdey,
acting in conjunction with the other heirs,
applied for" letters of guardianship for
her brother, alleging that" h$ was incom
petent to handle his property.' Judge Cof
fey granjed the petition, and Mrs. Gow
dey was appointed guardian. ¦¦She at once
instituted suit against, the Jacques fam
ily, to whom O'Hare had* transferred
eleven >pieces of real , estate on Leaven
worth street, valued ; at *$60,000, claiming
the conveyance . had / been secured by;
trickery, and undue influence. -This Is the
suit; that was compromised- and now -the
heirs are about to quarrel 1 over the spoils.
O'Hare's Death Announced.
.Yesterday .was set for the annual ac
counting of; the .guardian :to Judge Coffey.
When the matter; was called Mrs. Gowdey
did not appear, and then it was an
nounced- that' O'Hare had died in New
York , two days ; before. '. . .The • removal of
the incompetent man. from within the jur
isdiction of '.the Probate Court was done
without -the permission : of Judge Coffey
jand without his knowledge. The Judge
was .'much disturbed by the fact, :, and
evinced' a disposition to hold the guardian
accountable for. this -breach of procedure.
• Then it deveoped that ; there was a rift
between the heirs at law to the old man's
valuable "estate, and that one sister sus
pected the ; other two of attempting to
deprive her of- the share O'Hare intended
she .should" receive from ¦ his possessions.
The matter was ; allowed to go over until
11 o'clock this morning, when Judge Cof
fey will examine further into the facts
regarding O'Hare's removal to the other
side of the continent. X ¦ :
, Miss - Tillle ; A. Rogers, an attractive
young lady," "is one of the nieces of the
dead man, and represents her mother's
and her own interests in the controversy.
She. • alleges ' that she . has ¦ been debarred
from :seeing her. uncle for several months
past* ¦'- liast week she applied for an order
from the court permitting her to visit
and -converse, with her uncle, and says
she presented : this | to . Joseph Hutchinson,
attorney for the guardian, who assured
her she would be allowed to see her rela-
tive at the. proper time.: Subsequently she
learned', that, her A uncle had been taken
from thejhoter'qn >thQ . Sunday preceding
the issuance- of ¦ the* order and conveyed
.to '-New;, York without her knowledge, ac
companied by 'her aunt, Mrs. Lally.
Previous A to .this there had been a rup
ture between the niece and her two aunts,
and they were not on speaking terms, al
though they all. lived at the Hotel Oliver,
on Pine street, where O'Hare also stop
ped.,, After* O'Hare's departure for New
York, * Mrs. •*; Gowdey and Miss Lavinla
Lally, a female lawyer of New York, who
is^a stepdaughter of Mrs. Lally, but no
relative to O'Hare, removed . to 980 Pine
street. On receiving news of the old
man's death, Miss Lally went East im
mediately, but : Mrs. ¦ Gowdey, the guar
dian, is still in the city. She refused to
be seen last night and -would not discuss
the controversy in any manner.
Miss | Rogers' Version.
yMiss Rogers was not so reluctant about
making known Jier side of the family tan
gle. "There has been, considerable ill
feeling between my two aunts and my
self over my uncle's affairs, and we have
not, been on speaking 'terms for' some
time,'.' she ¦ said last night.. "I consider
that I have been badly treated by - them.
I was refuse'd access to my uncle, al
though he was right ¦: here * in ' the hotel,"
and* would have been glad .to ; see me.
Then he was removed to New York with
out ; my ; knowledge, and I was deceived
into the belief that he was still here after
he had departed.- He was in no condition
tc : travel and the exhaustion j caused by
the long journey undoubtedly , hastened
his death.:'. ...', .' ¦ • ,:
: .'."My -motherland I have acted', in '.'this
entire matter in a way which we thought
was fair to everybody. Before my uncle
was declared' to be Incompetent he deeded
to my mother and myself the •. Leaven
• w'orth street property, ..which, comprised
the bulk ".of the-, estate, and we voluntarily
reconveyed it to the Jacques family in or
der-that the ¦'. compromise might - be
reached, and allowed the money received
therefrom to go to the estate. I do not
pretend to make any charges against my
aunts,, but they have acted very unjustly
toward me in this, matter. - What : their
objects have: been will appear when the
estate conies to.be finally, settled.- -
• JTvrjS. Wills in. Existence.
"My" urfcle was much attached to ¦ my
mother and myself and visited us at our
home in Minneapolis. '- He made a will pre
vious to being declared . incompetent. The
contents of this will and 1 its exact date I
: do not* know, 'and 'I do not care to state in
wh^ose custody it is. Since he was declared
incompetent he has madt another will. I
do not know- the provisions of this "will,
either, but it was made when he was un
der: the care and influence of ¦ my two'
aunts. I am informed that the will'was
executed since; the, compromise with the
Jacques family." . : * .'.
Run . Over, by His Own , Wagon.
Hugh C; "WTTson,' {residing'/ at 1 516 Hafeht
street, 7_ was ; In * the act of ; loading his
wagon yesterday with a " consignment of
tin when his horse took fright, throwing
TV'llson 1 under/ the i wheels : of | the 'wagon.
v He , was "removed to the Emergency -Hos
pital,- where Dr. •¦¦ Bunnell ¦: found him suf
fering from " internal injuries. "."Wilson also
had five ; of r his ribs and ; his collar - bone
broken > and ¦¦¦ was *¦ pronounced to .be : in a
serious .condition. . ¦:.. . ;/;- . ".':•'•''
VAIN SEARCH FOR TRACE
OF JAMES L. WHlTBECK
RESULTS OF MONDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE .;. SA-N JFK ANOISCp" CALL., TUESDAY, , FEBRllAKYy 25, 1902.
9
TISE^-Ou^LIJS >:R,jA.OI3>TC3- ; FORM;GH^:RT'
OCEAN TRAVEL.
. |||||§^ SAILINGS.
ftW^PJ"!"**™ 1 THE FIRST CLASS
M?&iSi PORTLAND
\\\" • WILL SAIL FOR
Leaving San Francisco..: ......... ••ADrll 19th
Leaving Seattle ..:......%.-......".•• April Z6UJ
For Freight and Passage ¦ Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
: 645 Market' st.. San; Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION. CO., .Puget
Sound Asent. Seattle. Wash. ;
OJ?.*iV.CO.
Only Steaznshlp Ijixio *«=»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets « to all
. points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
IiOTTEST H-jfVr-EIS. >
STEAMER TICKETS 1NCLDDB BERTH tni MSAM.'
SS COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 4, 14, 24. April 3
SS.' GKO. W. ELDER Sails:. ...::.. .
............ Feb.-27; Mar. 9, 19, 29, April 8
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st», 11 a.-m.
D. W.- HITCHCOCK. Gen. AgU 1 Mpng-y. S.F.
Jiamburg^mencan.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICH.
PLTMOUTH^CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
DEUTSCHLAND, MARCH. II, 3.30 P. M.
A.'. Victoria .WVAnril 10 1 Deutschland... April' 17
TWIN-SCREW PA SF.NGtR SERVICE.
. PLYMOUTH- CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Palatia . .March • 11 Pretoria. .... .March 15
Pennsylvania. March •'". 8 1 Moltka. . .'. .. .March 2!)
. A *To Hamburs direct.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Paclflc
Coast, 401 California st..' San Francisco.-
II€C<|8IIC 5.5oi,y. «*""& «» SYDNEY.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu,; Samoa, Auck- ','.
¦ ¦ land and Sydney.. Thurs., Feb. 27. 10 a. m.
SS/ ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. . ; '. . , ..:....
."- x .... . . ..'....:.. Saturday. ' March 8, 2 p. . m.
SS/. AUSTRALIA, for . Tahiti.*.. ..:........
¦ m '> :.:.: ...*..". Saturday, " March ¦ 29,' 10 a. m.
J. D.SP3EGKELS k BROS. CO., Bsnersi Agents. 32? Xarkei SI
CtD'l Passengar OiScfi. 643 Harkat Sh', Pier Mo. 7. PaciSc St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
Anil ; Gia Slid Americana de Yappra)
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from Hoti-
and*3. pier 10,12 m. - '. " - ' - ' .
PALENA ...March .JTUCAPEL .... :
SANTIAGO; .March 2S GUATEMALA ~
¦These steamers, are 'built expressly . for Cen-
tral and South 'American " passenger service.
(No change at "Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street. -
BALFOUR, QUTHRIE & CO..' Gen. Agents,
ilpiiiiii
TO ";^ NEW YORK VIA; PANAMA DIRECT.'
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free. " V".
S.S.Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
S." S. Leclnnaw sails Monday, . Mar. 24
S. S. Argyll :. sails Tuesday. April 29
Fjom Howard-street wharf it 2 p. m. -
Freight and Passenger . Office, 330 Market st
-;: F. F. : CONNOR. Paclflc * Coast ; Agent. , [
: ';'•:;-¦. americanVline'
¦'•- NEW. TORK,' SOUTHAMPTON*, LONDON. : ]
Phlladelphla,Mr. 5.10m; St." Louls.Mr. 19. 10am
St. Paul.Mr/12,-10 am!Phlladelphla:Mr 28 10m
: KdJ &»Ak LINE
NEW TORK. ANTWERP. PARIS. '.
Bouthwark.Mr.- 5, naonjKenslngton.Mr in, noon
Vaderland.Mr. 12, noon 1 Haverford.Mr. 26, noon
! • . ¦ INTERNATIONAL* NAVIGATION CO. .
CHAS.D. TAYLOR, ;
General Agent Paclflc Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
C0MP AQNI S ' : : £ENES AlizZ ."* TRANSATLASTiQUi ]
DIRECT LINE TO, HAVRE-PARIS. ¦ V,^ :
Sailing every Thursday, ' Instead of tii^tJSS)
Saturday, atlO a.-m.', from pier, 42. '«>Aa3eSi
North . River,' foot of ¦> Morton .¦ street. :
-First class to Havre.vjTO and upward. Second
class - to : Havre,* $-15 I and upward. •• GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 ; Broadway: (Hudson building),* New
York.-f J.v F.VFUGAZI ; & , CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents, j 5 ' Montgomery avenue. - San Francisco.'
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
, OCEAN • TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Uo.
JL^ • Steamers leave Broadway
jSafw^ ' Wharf, San Francisco:
WSpag^ For Ketchikan. Juneau,
ISSS&»«k_ Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
/ m - Feb - 5 > 10 - 15 - 20 - 25>
PNkS\B| March 2. Change to com-
1 raSkzCgMHl pany*s steamers at Seattle.
• P**^i£!3!£&i\ For Victoria. Vancouver,
«•*¦ "<l^oi Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
!^4 eoma, Everett. New What-
com — 11 a. rorFeb 5, 10, 15, 20, 25. March 2.
Chane<5 at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. By.; »t Vancouver to C. P. By-
For Eureka (HumboMt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..*
Feb. 1. ft'll. 16. 21. 28. March 3..
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar- .
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redcndo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Spokane. Sundays, 9 a. m. •
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, da, m. •
" For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon«
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos.- Port Harford (Saa
Luis OblsDO). Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hue-
"neme,. East San Pedro. San Pedro and ?New-
port (*Bonita only). .
Bonlta. 0 a. m., Feb. 3. 11, 1». 27. March T.
Coos Bay, 8 a. m., Feb. 7. 15, 23. March 3. .
- For Ensenada, JIagdaler.a Bay, San jfcse del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. San9 Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Hex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. . . .
. For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing- dates^- •
TICK*FT CFFTC^J — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel*.
. GOODALL, PERKINS & CO. Gen. AgenA,
• .10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Xoast Steamship Go.
NOME ™=«
SENATOR JTJNE 1
STATE OF- CALIFORNIA j . . . . JUNE 7
¦ Steamships CITT OF PUEBLA "and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 2S and May 31 re-
spectively. . connect with above steamers. Th»
steamships Senator and State of California
made regular trips to Name last year, . lano-
\zx all passengers and freight . without' loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates apply '
Ticket Otflce, 4 New Montgomery- st. (Palace
GOODALIv PERKINS & CO.. GenU Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
,;A Delight! jul Winter Trip.
Only $60, including meals and berth, for the
round ;triD. on board the Pacific Coasts. S.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving SAN" FRAN-
CISCO MARCH 7th and APRIL .7th. due bail*
27th of each month,, calling at the following
Mexican eorte: ENSENADA* MAGDALENA
BAT, SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN.
ALTATA, LA PAZ. SANTA . ROSALIA and
GUATMAS. - / , 1
For $20 ' additional 'excursionists can return
from Guayma3 by rail. For further particu-
lars - Inquire at TICKET -OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street, or 10 Market street. ¦ Saa *
Francisco. . : . \ . ¦ -
tOYOraiAlSflA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, ¦ COR-
"^J- ner First and Brannan streets, at l'p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG,, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with 'steamers for India,
etc.- No cargo received? on board on dayot-
sailing. ...-• ,>¦¦.¦¦ . - '
SS. NIPPON MARU ;
.............Tuesday, February . 25th, 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU...;;....
'..;.:......:.' ....Friday*. March 21st. 1002
SS. HONGKONG .MARU.........
-••- ¦ ' ... -\ .'. . .......'. .Tuesday. April 15th. l»03
Round-trip . tickets at * reduced rates. ' For
freight and passage apply at company's of flee,
, 421 Market' street, corner First. ¦ .
; W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
BAT AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. KAVY YAR1 AND VALLEJ3
Eteaman GEN. FRlSBtSjo: MONTICgLL)
'9:45 a. m.. 3:15 ana 8:3O p. vn., except Sun-
day. Sunday, D:15.a. m., 8:30 -p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a., m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.; excep: •
Sunday. Sunday, 1 a. m.; 4:13 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main -^1308. Landing and*
office. 1 pier 2.'- Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS..--- ¦--..: -^- . . ;..- .r; ., • .
ieelBILOODsrIeilP
• advertisements;
any; longer; from stomach, liv^r and
bowel .complaints, Vwhsn * Hostet-
.ter's Stomach Bitters. will cure,
you. t Get]a;bott!e to-day and be
cony inced. , r V It;\V ill bring health to
every/suffere^
sia, Indigestion,' constipation, ner-
vousness or insomnia, and ycuvv ill
hot beidisappointed^ : .The-'genuihe'
must ha ye" o u f. r private stamp over
the* neck of 'the : bottie.
STOMACHBETTCeS
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets will cure eystem ic
ce.tc.rrh. they cure- it. In the blood,' therefore
they cure Us local vent or expression anywhere
and everywhere. Eczema (catarrh In the/ikln);
rhinitis (catarrh in the nose); bronchitis (ca-
tarrh In tlje air tubesH-eactritU (catarrh In the
stomach); diarrhea <ca.tarrh of the- bowels);
cystitis <catarrh of the . bladder) ; : leucorrbea
(catarrh of the female pelvic organs).; and all
other catarrhs of whatever distinctive nam« or
wherever located about the body, ar/s cured by
this sovereign remedy for systemic catarrh.
Cut off the fountain head and all streams It
feeds go dry.. Cure catarrh loathe' blood 'and
there will be no local vent,' expression or mani-
festation of it. The reason Btuart'i Catarrh
Tablets are credited with curing so many va-
riosly named disease* is because all these dis-
ease* are eiranly local expressions or vents for
catarrh. Stuart 1 s Catarrh Tablets are * a . re-
liable epedfle for catarrh under all namei and
in all parts; they are not a cure-all and a' die-
ease to be cured by them must be an expres-
sion of or vent 1or catarrh. ' -
Chronic <Slarch*a, belnc a.' vent "for 'catarrh
through the mucous membrane or lining; skin
cf the bowels, is readily cured by. Stuart's Ca T
tarrh TabJfts because they cure the catarrh In
the system and there is nothing to find vent
through some Ekin or mucous membrane. "*• 1 '
Etuart'6 Catarrh Tablets are sold at all drug
ctores for 60 cents a box. if you have catarrh
of any part. In any form, It will ' be prudent.*
wise and advantageous to make • Jt your first
duty^to buy, and take them,. for they cure ca-
terrh' anywhere and everywhere
Intestinal catarrh or catarrh of the lining
membrane of the bowels Is quite a prevalent
disease, being especially - common among men
who have seen active service in the army,
where the many changes of drinking water, the
food, and the frequently bad condition of both,
together with exposure Incident to the varying
conditions of camp and march, bring: about re-
peated attacks of acute diarrhea that leave the
lining of the bowels weak. Irritable and pre-
disposed to catarrh— Just as repeated colds in
the head predispose to chronic nasal catarrh.
Catarrh U a constitutional disease, it Is in
the eystem. but finds vent or expression through
a ekin. In the outside or covering skin It is
Known as eczema, which disease is simply ca-
tarrh in the outside Bkln. When catarrh finds
vent through the mucous membrane lining
fkin of the various cavities and passages of the
head It is most commonly caJled catarrh. When
catarrh affects the mucous membrane or lining
skin of th« air tubes leadlns to the lungs It la
UEualiy. named bronchitis. When catarrh geu
vent from the lining ekin of the female pelvic
organs it Is epoken of as leucorrbea, '• whites
and female weakness. And bo on, when the
lining tkin of other organs are affected a dis-
tinctive name may be given to the ailment,
but it is just . systemic catarrh finding a local
*xpreE£ion " and vest, .and & eystemle , remedy
that will cure catarrh in one part and under
one r.8.nr.e, will cure It In any other part under
come otlier name.
The bowels are lined by. mucous membrane
that is very rauch like the lining membrane of
the nose. Frequently catarrh attacks this mu-
cous membrane lining the bowels and a dis-
charge results that is known as chronic- diar-
rhea.
How This Annoying and Weakening
Disorder May Be Cured.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Chronic Diarrhea
(Catarrh of the Bowels).
ADVERTISEMENTS. /
v*Sh I ' : ill \ffl&$(''mim RiflO I OllOV/S ill G US6 O*
K-8S ANHEUSER-BUSCH'S
Recommended by leading physi»
I^^^^^^^^Si cians as a pure tonic with
W^^^X^^^Ml wonderful buildingmp properties.
n^^ISM? N-rt a *'darK beer/' but a rea!
Bilb-'^KSS^-wJ malt extract.
1 ' l druggists sell it. Prepared only by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
: E31iyii§Sdifl9iflS brewers of the famoas Budweiser. Michelob.
llll)a TffiiaW^^y ' Black & Tan. Pale-Lager. Faust. Anheuset*
/Standard* Export Pale and Cxquislte*Despondent Man Attempts Suicide.
L. L. Wright, a marine fireman, living
at 329. Sixth street. . while despondent
through being out of work, took a" dose
of carbolic acid yesterday. His wife cav?
birth to a child during the day,- and -tht
owner of the premises .removed a. stove
which the family was using: His- action
incensed Wright. He took the "bottle of
acid and swallowed Its contents. , Police
Officer Fontana > was called in and pro
cured antidotes and relieved the man's
rufferings until he could be treated at the
Receiving Hospital. Wright was able to
leave several hours later. - .:
V Forecaster,! McAdle of j the '.Weather :; Bu
reau, reports < that • almost , all .'of : the. ci.un
try,: west : of s the'-Rocky ", Mountains ! re
ceived "a thorough [drenching J yesterday.^
Tho ! rainfall throughout .' California : was !
unusually heavy, : and-it is '"expected it hat 1
the^crops.will bet greatly -benefited f ' In
consequence:- The forecast ¦ for to-day 'is
showers'ln all parts of the State ¦
Rain General in , the -West.
Mrs. Cooney Compromises.
The suit, of Mrs. ¦ Louise Cooney aga'nst
the "Independent Gas- and r i. Power Com
pany for : $1200 damages 'for the \ death ¦ of
her husband, who was- killed by^ the fall
of a derrick owned^by the company, was
compromised , yesterday. :: Mrs. Cooney
consented. to the dismissal- of the suit
upon the payment of the amount' she
eued for. . : -•
-Shell. Mound Park will open in a blaze
'of glory 'next Sunday. -The Norddeutsch
er . Schuetzen Club will : give the ; first pic
nic, of .the. season. ;• There '.will \ be v prize
'shooting, bowling, 1 games and dancing. -
Sliieil Mound tPark Opening.
Half Interest Deal.
E. C. Rcdwick;".37O8 Clay r ; street, swore
tbTa . complaint in Judge,' Fritz's court
yesterday,"; charging • W: . E.h McNair* with
obtaining money, by false pretenses Rod
wlck, alleges that on December 13 he Da!«l
McNalr , $400 for a. half interest *lh a pic
ture ¦ frame business : at J 1522 : ¦ Devisadero
street, on the i representation 1 that It » was
a-good paying' brfslness.^which 'he now
alleges was false^ • ;
Mayor Schmitz arid- his wife,', accom
panied, by W.; : T. Brush,; Captain' Field,
G.."B. Baer, Andrea Sbarboro and "others'
paid a short visit; to .the citrus fair at
Clovcrdale "last V Sunday.* • 'After In«=p«»ct
ing the exhibits.' the -Mayor made a r brief
address; congratulating 1 . those present on
the admirable manner > In wWch .the' fair
had been conducted .< and their good C for
tune in dwelling. in?a part ;of the State
"abundant- In natural resources' 'Dur
ing - the afternoon the : .party ? took fa ' trin
through the Italian-Swiss colony, ' wh^re
the celebrated ' wine Vis prepared . f or • mar-'
ket.- " ¦ ' ' '- 7 •"*. -'-. ,'•;, ¦•'¦_¦ - : . •¦¦¦.;¦
Mayor -Visits^Citrus Fair.
Claims He Was Assaulted.
*.cnn an old man living at US
street, was treated at the Central
s^ cy f H 0^ 1^!, last;;night for a
number of lacerated wounds .; of the
¥*& '» / "J?- 111 ** recently he fitted up
a place for his son and daughter-in-law
and when he attempted to call on them
h « WaS , St^ ck wIth a club and '.stabbed
with a knife and hat nin; beside B being
thrown upon the street. He intends"!
swear out warrants to-day for the arm^t
of those be claims assaulted ! him r
. Charles' B. Brockway.^who was arrested
on a. charge of relieving Mrs.- L. . M. Har
ris of $3000 worth of jewelry at Ingleside,
preferred, by L. M. Kettrelle.was ordered
released .from custody : : yesterday by
'Judge Hebbard, who^ ordered the order of
arrest issued from the Superior Court va- J
cated.: Judge Hebbard held that the com
plaint did - not constitute sufficient cause
' for action. ¦ i^/^SJJPSBiJKt!A|aBBK^tfWB
Brockway la Released.
1 COLUMBUS, O., Feb. 24.— W. J. Bryan
was the guest of. honor/ at ". a luncheon
given by Colonel James Kilboume at his
residence. Prominent : Democratic leaders
were present and a conference was- held.
Br>*an left later for - Delaware, -i Ohio,
where he will deliver a lecture before th*
students of the Ohio Wesleyan Universit>'
to-night. .Bryan '¦ denied ' the • truth ' of tht
report that he would call on David B."HIIi
and pledge him support for the Presiden-'
tial nomination in 1905. . , r .: --
Bryan Will Not Pledge Himself.
The case of Charles Bruns, stationary
engineer,, charged • with assault, to mur
der, for shooting Zitha Beck at . 434 Sec
ond- street, February : 13, ; was dismissed
by Judge llogan for lack of prosecution
The shooting was accidental. , / i • .,
Refused, to \ Prosecute.
"When the case of James C. Scully^" bar
tender, charged with burglary: for enter
ing the saloon of v Joseph : Harney, 1638
Market street, and stealing; a '.quantity of
cigars arid liquor, was called in . Judg*>
Cabaniss' court . yesterday, ¦ Harney said
he would not prosecute the case ' and it
was dismissed, v, Harney. later said he had
sympathy for. Scully's parents, and for
that reason did not want to see the young
man punished. .' .' -¦-¦¦. -.¦¦:_, > .. •_•
Last Will Is Forgery.
/The will of Catherine Gregory, in which
-she left a fortune of J20.000 to an adopte-J
daughter, was declared a forgery by a
A Ur % in ni u6ge Trontfs court yes
»terday. The case was tried some
time ago and resulted in the
same verdict. A motion for a new
trial , was granted. . The suit was caused
by the existence of two wills, claimed to
h u Ve J . b 5^ n made b y th e deceased. In one
she divided her property equally between
her adopted daughter and Attorney Rob
ert Ash. and "In the other, now declared
a forgery,- which revoked the first will
her estate was bequeathed to Ash and the
'" .SAVANNAH,; T.Ga., - Feb. .. 24.— Judge
Speer, in; the United States \ court', to-day
overruled ;the demurrer of the * in
thf- ; Greene^Gaynor conspiracy \ case, ex
cept as {to'- 1 , the last 'two -counts "of 'the;ln
dictment. E He' sustained j the } demurrer in
the courts,. in which it is alleged.the de- ;
fendants made a contract/with ex-Cap
talh 'O. -M. Carter as • tq; ; the division of
the ! money.' _ The District Attorney^;an
nounced i that v a newigrand jury will be
drawn,;.and : that the defendants-: may be
prtsented ( to that body again on j "Wednes
day. :_ He gave the defendants an oppor
tunity to challenge any of the jurors they
saw fit. When- arraigned? to-day the de
fendants .pleaded; not -guilty, and r the
case was assigned for.: trial on' its'merits
March- 10.'.:. . /. ¦. V,, ; : J -': i?
ENGINEEB, -LANDS. ON ;¦¦•.- ¦=- -if-l^;-
THE ;'¦ TELEGRAPH WIRES
SPOKANE,' Feb.. 24.— An eastbound pas- !
senger ' train i on the Great • Northern : was !
partially "wrecked between 'Scotia .'and
Camden,- east t : of ! Spokane, , this .morning •
The, engine struck. a slide and was thrown
from the track down the bank of Spokane
River.'-' ,' : . v -..¦,:'¦¦•¦¦: -v-v .- ; • .;- .' .-.
¦; Engineer ' Peter • Brokaw. was" hurled
twenty ; feet into \ the air and ¦ struck ', on
the •; telegraph wires.-, The; wires ,' sagged
and ." broke under ; his .weight,; finally al-.
lowingi him -. to > drop. He struck - on his
feet; on; the ,' pilot : of '^hla engine and has
only a ; scratch : to show. f or • the, accident •
The " fireman • escaped by jumping-.- . Postai
Clerk Thwaite was "severely injured. V
Germany's Latest 7 Reply. ;r
rBERLIN.^Feb. 24.^-The reply : . of :Ger- I
many* to. the: complaint.lof 'Lord'-. Lans
downe.".the British \ Secretary of : State for
E'oreign Affairs, .concerning ? the ' publica
tion by/ Germany -of: the" dispatch from
Dr. von.Holleben.i German Embassador to
the .'United' States,; with -.regard rz to -the
meeting, of Embassadors'at -Washington
held -April 14.M898.\ and VwhlcK: asserts that
Dr.* von"--Hoiiebens misunderstood. the ac
tion! of 'Lord Pauncefote, -British; Embas
sador, to v the United : States, " at' tha t meet-
Ing, i reiterates ; the i. Correctness of , Dr. ¦¦ von
Holleben's dispatch,'. - : - '¦'-. r ." :
>Theireply.' of^ the "German- Government
suggests, that --the;. British.- Government
publish: Lord'Pauncefote's .report of' this
5araei conference, t » ¦
Demurrers I ; Filed by Alleged- Accom
• plicesof Former Captain Carter' ?
;."¦ Are Overruled;
DEFENDANTS MUST STAND h .
: / TRIAL y FOR CONSPIRACY
[ ¦ . . . . . ¦ . . ¦ - . . • .
I Harriman* Back: From Hunt.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 24.— Among the pas
i sengers on the steamer St. Denis to-day
was - "William ¦¦ Harrimkn, the New York
banker, who went to Lower California two
months ago • to hunt mountain sheep in
the wild country to the southeast of San
Qulntin. • Mr. Harrlman is a brother of
| K. * H. Harriman,- the railroad magnate.
"With-him was F. H. Smith, wlio was. the
hunting . partner* of President Roosevelt
in -.Wyoming;: and Colorado. With their
guides and packers they ; penetrated the
I interior. of the 4 peninsula several hundred
'miles southeast of San Quintin and spent
the /.most ..of -their time in the wildest
country • to ,he found In America ¦ outside
of the frozen I North. ; Mr. Harriman re
turns to civilization greatly improved in
health .and wearing a full beard, though
he carried, only a mustache when he went
south. ' '.-¦ - .. - : . . "V-
Treble Clers Open Rehearsal.
A large number of interested listeners
gathered to hear one of the, pleasant
"open rehearsaJs" of the Treble Clef Club
yesterday afternoon ' at Elks' Hall A
very good programme, consisting of six
concerted numbers and three solos by
club members was. given and accorded
hearty applause by those present. The
club, under Robert Lloyd's direction is
gaining both artistic and . ¦ numerical
strength, and the .following programme
was presented in thoroughly pleasing
fashion. ,- -.-.**
< Wreathe Te the Steps Schumann
<Jack and Jill ; ... Ford
i V f ter .5v > '? n)il^- ---------- Rubinstein
bolo— "Other Days" Corbett
. . Mrs. Coiner.
J£le /! • • • Schumann
Solo— 'Chanson Trovencale" . : Dellacqua
. Miss Louise Grossett. . .
? e , ver "«. Y VV i Rhelnberger
feolo — "Bid fcle to Ix>ve". ...Barnard
> Mrs. E. T. Qaine.
Little Broirn Bee...... Beach
Two prefesslonal "hoboes," giving their
names as Georgi Winters and _ Edward
Smith, were taken into custody" Sunday
night on suspicion of being the. burglars
who shot and killed Hugh Duffey, •' a
liquor .merchant, at Sacramento .* a short
time ago. -Last evening -Detective Fitz
gerald arrived here from Sacramento and
at once went to the City Prison, where he
closely examined the suspects. While
Winters . resembles the "short man" ¦• who
was seen running from the scene -of the
crime. Fitzgerald is satisfied that neither
he nor his companion was implicated 'in
the murder. He intends,-, however, to take
Winters to Sacramento to-day. t6 confront
him with ; the witnesses; to the' bloody
crime. Both -the. prisoners emphatically
deny that they were in Sacramento when
Duffey was- shot. They -were releascl
Sunday from the Branch -County Jail;
where they- served a short ' term for va
grancy. - - :;.; ; .
Detective Fitzgerald Is - Satisfied
'iW That They Did Not Kill
r, Hugh Duffey. .
WINTERS AND SMITH'
.; NOT ; THE MURDERERS
LONDON, Feb. 24.— At the • meeting of
the chambers of shipping of the Unite4
Kingdom to be held .next month, a . mo
tion r Will be made to approach. the British
Government with' the' object of* asking its
aid -against'' the /proposed "exclusion by
the United States of tne shipping of other
countries from the Philippine Islands. .
;The proposal to exclude is included in a
coastwise. regulation. It will be contend
ed-that such a regulation would Inflict
serious, Injury on British shipping.
BRITISH SHIPPER.S FEAR
\ PHILIPPINE REGULATION
After shearing him through the depos
itors unanimously refused . to indorse hi?
request. - - . .' - .-.
I NEW WHATCOM, Wash.,, Feb. 24.— H.
St. John , Dix, charged with embezzling
$24,000 ' from, the Scandinavian-American
Bank of this '. cRy and .-• from the 'bank
of Blalne, which hopelessly wrecked those
institutions, to-day . in jail - made an ex
tended statement to a meeting of depos
itors, which ' he had called. At its con
clusion he asked the depositors to' aid
him to: obtain a reduction of his bond
from $20,000 to $3000. If this ;.were idona
he promised to assist in securing evidence
to 1 aid 'in the conviction of his former
associates, Cashier Frank Oleson, Assist
ant Cashier J. L. Stangroom and.Attor-'
ney S.M. Bruce. . - ?; ...
Refuse to Indorse His
Proposition:
Defrauded Depositors Unanimously
EX-B ANKER DIX OFFERS
TO BETRAY. ACCOMPLICES
Billings new claims that since the trial
v.-as closed important letters bearing - on
the purported adoption of Rulofson by
Hall, and written by Arthur Brooks,
have been discovered, and are of such a
nature that Brooks' deposition is a neces-
Commissioner" to take the testimony of
Noah Brooks of Costine. Me., by George
E. Billings, administrator of the estate.
t Brooks, who is 70 years of age, "testified
•at the trial of Rulof son's suit, and gave
the only valuable testimony for the plain
tiff. The Superior Court decided "that
Rulofson had no claim on Hall. An ap
peal was taken and is now pending m
the Supreme Court-
Interest In the famous suit of A. C.
Rulofscn to recover the estate of the late
W. <ft Hall, who, he claimed, adopted
him, Tas revived yesterday by the filing
of a petition for the appointment of a
BILLINGS SAYS THAT ,NEW
EVIDENCE IS DISCOVEBEJ>
,younq\ society^ man V I
ON ; TBIALj FOR MuiRDER
Declares That. He*: Is; Innocent ) anrt
That : His Incarceration Is an '
~> ¦ "- <¦ . ''.\ Outrage. - ' •¦ \ . : '
_ SAVANNAH,.Mo.,'-Feby;24.— The' case of
Stuart Fife,, charged with -complicity in I
the , killing,, of : Frank j Richardson, ; a well
to-do, merchant,; wasjcalied- here- to-day.
Fife was ",:a= young t society 'man Vand an
•Mr£ Cl ?!&i w " h ;RI chardson --in ; business.'
Mrs AddieB. : Richardson, .widow^ of the \
wt?h Ji an> ¦ was • Charged ! jointly '. with Fife
*u .%. "^rder,; and:-, in'rher" trial last'
month the^State endeavored to 'show that r,
« ™nl ege f rel a«ons with. Fife: served as;
n,",m U tr for the crime. -'The- Jury -ac- I
quitted Mrs. -. Richardson in | half , an hour,
with ¦? was arreste d at • North ¦ Yakima /*
h»fni?'' v A 0 month s ::ago; is confident I of
belngj set- free' and'says:,'^ ' -Y;J • .
¦jinmS : " ow here :near . the ; /Richardson
a?re5t??«rt he i' nIeht °t the : murder, andrmy '
>^Ut^g^" r f^ 9 ?v aS . e < r rim^:
Ti£n a S y.^chardson'VaB ' ab'rother; of >t
of thl R + 1 « Chardson of * Chicago", 1
ofthe National Biscuit, trust: •- !
| PASSENGER- TBAINS'lN - ;
\, 7 REAE -'j END c COLLISION!
Two;- Coaches :; Completely.- Wrecked :
r a i nd Several of . the^Passengers k : ; v j
-."'¦ i"'-i?i:L: '•'•'.'; ;;-;Injured"' r iv«:':- i j:.'* i ":; V-"J-i
LA ? ELPHIA ' C Fe b. :; 24.^A : 'rear-ehd
collision^ between i.'thetNorristbwh' accom
modation strain; due' here.' at ,8:18,1 and the'
Reading, accommodation/ due ' at • 8:02, ¦ on
andiReading'at Coshoc-^
*? n "* e "i- mll es^ above -this- .city, . to-day
.wrecked, two, cars ; - and .injured a t number '
«f ThreeJnjured.wereibVoS-,
to-thla^ city,.and*one,»J.>-Coke.-,is;said to 1
be - in a - critical condition.-,- Several" In- :
scenl ;^!^ : .to r hospitals; near'the,
scene-oirthe .¦wreck.'-":- • ¦¦ . ¦ ',¦• '¦,.¦¦ '- 'i- -. ¦• -.
> The ;% -i special < bearine
Prince i Henry; had/passed%a curve : about ;:
a. quarter of a' milei east of "Bristol; 'Pa '
this .morning, when: a: train- known fas the*
extra -t freight, * which- ;ieft >l Trenton v at.*3
o clock. 'JumpedttheUracfc anti.was ibadly
,wrecked.;v- Carsr were strewn- over ' four i'.:
other - tracks and: traffic ; was ' delayed • f or '
,. Mr - f nd , Mrs. H. L. Van.Wyck and Miss
\an Wyck are at the. Knickerbocker, hav
ing returned to the city after a long stay
in, the south. t
The members of the "Woman's; Auxiliary
of the Society of California Pioneers are
to have a special. meeting 1 , this afternoon
at the residence of their president, Mrs.
John-H." Jewett. A : very pretty, tea was
given for the auxiiliary at Mrs.' Jewett's
home ,on, Saturday afternoon. The; deco
rations were principally patriotic,, many
flags being used/ 'Spring blossoms and fo
liage were also, arranged with artistic
effect -throughout the rooms.- An enter
taining- musical and 'literary programme
was offered and dainty refreshments were
served during the afternoon. .
7 " • . ¦ '• "'¦'.- ' »' '«--'• ~.\ ¦*."' '''r
' Miss Edith Huritington,' "who has been
overfatlgued by, the demands of society.'
has gone to San Y55idro, where she will
rest for several . weeks. : ' ;' "- -" : . '
:; .-.**.'• ¦¦¦ . . v '•v-:-'-i- :^ • r
Mrs. W.B. Collier and, daughter are at
Clear Lake.. ',.... ,_ •
[ ; Mr. and Mrs.: A. V.. Callaghan are again
m- the city, havihg'made an. extended trip
to the southern part! of the State.
"i The California Club and also the. Daugh
ters of Pioneers held directors', meetings
•yesterday at their. respective clubrooms. ,"
friends yesterday "a*fternoon a,t "Open Re
hearsal," Elks' Hall, 223 v Sutter street,
was, the place appointed and: a' large -and
appreciative audience enjoyed' the after
noon. The ladies who had the affair dl
.rectly in charge are: ' Mrs. ¦ N. : H. Frank,
president: Mrs. F. S. Gutterson, accom
panist, and Robert. Lloyd, director." .
. •• On the morning: of January 21*- John,^ Fred
and Dick went'; out to taka down'.some wire:
fence . not . far ; from v their : house.'* On , complet- ¦
ing their .work they mounted - their horses and
started home for /dinner, about ?. ; 2. -^ o'clock;:
"When within 300 .yards , of John's house j Fred
discovered ¦ eight - or ten men in " some bushes
not over. nfty yards oft.- -with bare 'heads » and
leveled guns. As he saw themv they , opened
flr<\ ;¦ .-- '¦ ¦¦ '¦"¦'-'-.;; '-,¦'-¦ ': f. ¦'.¦:¦ <.;\.*.%» ¦ ,'
" Dick fell at; the. first shot,, and said: "I'm
Fhot."". John and Fred turntd , to ¦ run, : the : men •
following on foot.and'shootlng. tThey wounded-
John in the les , and : he ; started ; for the house,"
but his horse, being. -wounded,, could onjy . trot. ;
They shot; hls'-horseifrom.; under," him,. ¦ and,"
runnlng»up, started to, shoot him .again. \ He
bepseu to see Lillle and his babies before they
klllsd-hlm. They did not shoot him any, more,
; but he <51ed- before, Lillie could 'get. to* him. : -. »
-. . John .received only; one s shot; --. Dick ¦ three ¦'¦'
one in J the stomach, one in . the arm and • one
in the back as he fell. ; . ' ¦ ¦ ¦- ¦¦'¦j.-iJ-- :¦
¦.: Fred went ; in another direction; and /fled up
atdeep ravine." ..He was i shot. twice. X One'shot
passed clear through him and hit his '¦ horse ; in
the head. '. He' managed | to get . away," and ; got 1
to a Mexican's .house: about' twenty^ miles from
> John's? : and: hired -him to carry him >to_Here
rord,-., arriving -there } within itwehty-four » hours"
af ter I the shooting. : : The ' persons '. who f did ; the ¦
6heoting • sent' ten men after Fred the , next day *
but he, got away. •;;¦' .;
LONG }. BEACH,';. Febl< 2*. —Mrs..; Etna
Paschall, living, at, 323' Linden avenue ; in
this city, is a sister of the Spikes brothers,
recently , killed by .cowboys at 'Tucurhari,
N. M.*. To-day she -gave to The; Call -cor-''
'respondent the -following 1 , letter, from; Fred
Spikes, one., of the; brothers, 1 who , was
wounded, but is recovering: v;
, ESTACADA,' Tex.", Feb. 8, 1002.
. Etna, ! D<»ar Sister: ..Your, letter . came . : yes
terday, and I ..will try . to give you the ¦ horribla '
details In the : murder of 'our dear : brothers.,- A
Surviving Spikes \ Brother Declares
Tucumari Killings Were Cold
• -Blooded. Murder.. :
The marriage of-MIss Flora "Louise.Mul
ler, daughter of Mrs. William S. Hereford.
1115 s Sutter street, and' Herbert ISewall
Morton, son of Mr. and "Mrs. ; William R.
Morton,-. 261G Buchanan street,, took, place
Saturday. February 22.. the Rev. Burr Mil
ler .Wreden. rector of St. -Luke's Episcopal
Church, officiating: I .The immediate rela
tives . only of the bride ¦ a«nd | groom were
present.- :The ' young couple, have: gone
south on their honey moon. . ' ¦: . ,
; The Treble Clef Club entertained its
TELLS : OF. VENGEANCE '-¦"- •- : . v >
OF BORDER COWBOYS
'¦ Mrs.;W.P."Coleman of Sacramento was
the hostess- at an' elaborate I luncheon at
the Palace Saturday, given In honor 1 of
her guest, Miss Florence ¦ H. Wanzer of
Stanford" University. - The . decorations
were of a. patriotic order, consisting of
the ' proverbial • eherry 'tree . blossomn,
twined-, with ribbons ofthe national' color.
Red, white and blue candles were placed
at intervals , about . the prettily decorated
table. At each place .were -dainty "name
cards carrying out' the -color.- scheme of
the ; decorations,, and -in; the -left-hand
corner. of each was a^ tiny hatchet.
ing the luncheon toasts were responded
to on the American hero, i the guests. and
the charming hostess.. The invited guests
were Misses Florence H. Wanzer .Ethel
A. -Hendy.'.'vMabel- Gluff, . Belle Harmes,
Gertrude.. Campbell, .Maud . Cluff, May
Sharon,.: Vesta Shortridge, ! Belle Lipp,
Marie Wells, Emily Ferrer, and. Mrs.. W.
P. Coleman. ' ., . .,
Miss Alice' Gardner was hostess at a
pleasant theater ¦ party given at the Co
lumbia 1 Theater on Saturday in honor of
Miss Ethel Greenway of New York.:' After
the performance the party enjoyed a sup
per at the Palace grill. Covers were laH
for twelve. - . .; . ¦ ¦ ' : . - '¦-"¦¦
ing positions: ': .. •• .
x . v- '• \ Official Loss, to Present
• Vote. ' Date. Standing.
Alpers 15,940 671, 15,2«J
Bent ...." 16,112'- -537 15,575
Eggen- 15,953 705 x,; 15,2-18
Wilson.." 16,517 i 592 15,925
Coghlan A 15.6S0 30U 15,377
Walsh - .....I 15.8S6 ' 311 . 15,575
Finn 15.505 - 306 .15.2SJ
Reagan 15.434,", 321 '15,113
Owing to the reduction in j the number
of contestants the recount in 'Judge Mu
rasky's court is now progressing at a
rapid rate. There were B eight precincts
counted yesterday, the Sixth, Eighth.
Ninth and -Tenth of the. Forty-fourth: the
First. Second and Seventeenth of the
Forty-flrst, and the First of the Twenty
eighth. The losses sustained by the pan
didates follow: .
Alpers, 50; Bent, 46; Egrgere, 46; Wilson,
44;-. Walsh. 39; Coghlan,,-40; . Finn, >40, and
Reasran, 38. ¦
,The candidates now. occupy the follow-
the Recount.
Reduction in Number of Contestants
Promises Speedy Ending to -
CLERKS COUNT BALLOTS
\ \^ /WITH GREATER RAPIDITY
The trial of Charles Donnelly for the
murder of George W. Rice, non-union
machinist, at Twentieth and Howard
streets. October 11. was continued before
a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday.
Considerable time was taken up in read
ing the deposition of Erline Piatt, the
young girl who witnessed the murder.
and Is at present sick In the City of
Mexico. ' The witnesses - examined were
Policeman Charles W. Brown. Detective
T. J. Bailey and Detective Thomas L
Ryan. Their evidence was the same as! at
the trials of Buckley and Moran.
Donnelly Murder Trial, v
OAKLAND, Feb. 24.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Charles R. Austin.
24, San Francisco, and Louise Grimm. 22.
Oakland; Anthony L. Matthias. 25. San
Francisco, and Lizzie de Rosa. 19, Oak
land: William R. Robinson, 21. AlvWado.
•and Emma J. Eden. IS, Mt. Eden: Charles
A. Kobahl, 28, and Daisy Lawton. 26, both
of San Francisco; David S. Morgan, over
21. San Jose, and ' Florence Rosenhelm.
over IS. Oakland; James H. Smith. 27,
and Violet M. Hunt. 20. both of Reno.
¦
Licensed to Marry.
I • EL PASO, Texas, Feb. 24.— Count de
' Lucenay will have a second trial to-mor
row on the* charge of bigamy. A special
venire of fifty has been ordered. An ex
citing incident injjonnection with the De
Lucenay case occurred to-day. Sheriff
Boone' accused Attorney, Cobb of the de
i-fense^ of smuggling letters from the Count
out of jail to Ruby Luckhardt, the run
away California girl. Cobb is a mere
stripling tenderfoot who comes of a noted
Georgia family. Boone is a frontiersman
and a dead shot. Cobb denounced him as
a '"liar" and "no. gentleman," and Boone
knocked him down. Cobb is said to have
made a motion as if to draw a pistol, but
Bjoone had him covered In a twinkling,
but did not shoot. Cobb then withdrew
to the street and insisted on Boone com
ing out to-fight. •. Boone responded, after
protesting, and knocked Cobb down -once
or twice more. This incident is. but an
evidence of the ill" will, that has been en
gendered here by the Count's case. •
Epithets to Him.
Texan Sheriff Twice Thrashes At
[¦ torney. Who Applies Insulting :'
COUNT DE LUCENAY'S
TRIAL CAUSES FIGHT
School Director Roncovierl proposes fo
introduce a resolution at the next meet
ing of the Board of Education for the
establishment of an ungraded class "in
each of the schools in the city. ShouM
the resolution be adopted it will neces
sitate the employment of at least fifty
additional teachers. The purpose of un
graded classes is to permit of individual
attention being given to those pupils who
mre efficient in certain studies. The plan
was proposed by Superintendent I of
Schools Webster several months ago and
gi\fi\ publicity in these columns, but no
action was taken by the board.
It is, quite likely that the present state
oJ the school funds will not permit of the
introduction of the innovation immedi
ately. Roncovieri believes that the ex
periment should be tried in some of the
primary schools and if found to work
well it may be extended. 'The plan has
worked successfully in Oakland and sev
eral Eastern cities.
ditional Teachers.
Director Soncoveri Plans '. Innovation
Which Will Require Many Ad-
WANTS UNGRADED CLASSES;
IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Frederick H. Hammer, Who Was
. Weil-Known* in Business Circles,
Passes Away.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 24.— Frederick Herman,/
Hammer, who was engaged in 'business as
a grain merchant in San Francisco for
some years, and who was widely known in
mercantile circles In the metropolis, :
passed away early yesterday morning at
his home, 1552 Everett street.
Mr. Hammer had been ill for several
months and his demise was not unex
pected. . .
I Deceased was born In Germany sixty
five years ago. He leaves a widow, Mrs.
Louise Hammer, and five children— Frank.
William, George. Edwin and Fred Ham
mer. The. funeral -will be held from the
family residence on Thursday morning' at
10 o'clock.. .
GRAIN MERCHANT DIES '
AT HIS ALAMEDA HOME
Hancock and Rosecrans Arrive With
~ Nearly Sixteen Hundred Pas
sengers From Manila.
; The. United States transports Rosecrans
and Hancock arrived in. port last night
from Manila. The Rosecrans arrived 'at.
10:30 p. rri. and the Hancock at 1:30 a. m. 1 •
Captain Dobson of the Rosecrans . left
Manllathlrty-one days" ago and made the
trip from "Nagasaki In twenty-four days
and six hours. -The Rosecrans • brought
thirteen cabin, and 491 steerage . passen- I
gers. .--¦" ¦•' ¦'¦'¦.
Captain "Ankers brought the -Hancock
from Manila in 24 days and 11 hours.. She
came from .Nagasaki in 17 days 4 hours
and 45 - minutes. She brought 62 . cabin
passengrs and 1022 in the steerage, in
cluding 950 enlisted men; 51 prisoners and
21 civilians. During ¦ the ' voyage there
were three deaths, two being washed
overboard by- heavy, seas. . ".
TWO TRANSPORTS COME •
IN LATE AT NIGHT
V ¦-. .• - .. ¦•- • .:r ' ¦ -^^
- YOUNG WOMEN -WHO' AP
> :.;.; PEARED BEFORE THE P. C. --;
P. ASSOCIATION, YESTERDAY.
eENTURY CLUB HALL was the
scene of a' pleasant assembly yes
terday afternoon, the event being
an. interesting meeting of the Pa- <
cific Coast Women's ¦ Press Asso
ciation. About two hundred members and
their guests were delightfully entertained
by al- special programme. Jack London
was the speaker of the day:. He spoke at
length on "The Tramps." The address
was ably given and enthusiastically re-'
ceived. Mr. London classified tramps as
a part of the surplus army of labor,
proving that there is not enough work
for men and that ; the discouraged go
down into that army. Miss Ethel Judson;
Bates added to the pleasure of the after r
noon by giving a ,'few of hen delightful
songs. She was in excellent., voice and
sang with sweet sympathy; .* She was ac
companied 'by,. Miss Waterman. Miss
Augusta Friedrich, the. talented daughter
of United States Attorney ; Robert Fried
rich, gave a very pretty and. entertaining
rendition of one of Mrs. , Grace Hibbard'a:
poems. After the programme an informal
reception ¦ was | held and dainty refresh
ments were served. Mrs. Ella r M. Sexton,
president of the association^ presided dur
ing the entertainment, and also' received
the guests with her usual cordiality. •
."Washington: Increase — William B.
Smith, Mount Hope, $a; Charles Black
man, Chemey, $8. .-
Oregon : Increase — Mexican War— Daniel
E. Norton. Marshfleld, $12; Robert" Star
key. Marshfield,. $12. Increase— James C.
Hasken, Lorane, $8; Lybert .Simons, Eu
gene. $17. . .; : . • .'
WASHINGTON, D. C Feb. :24.-Post
offlce' established: Oregon— Verboort.
Washington County, William * A. Van
Dcrvelden, postmaster. Postofflces -'dis
continued, March 15 : Calif ornia— Noble,
Fresno County,- mail to . Dunlap; Wilder,
Humboldt ' County, : mail goes to Upper
Mattole. — . >^-: ¦ -
Postmasters -commissioned: California
—Joseph E. Gooding, Barstow; Samuel
J. Banbaker, Little Rock.
; Oregon— -Thomas W. Riches, Silverton.
Washington— Olivet- Hinman, Ellens
burg; Joseph H. Brewster, Laconner.
Postmasters appointed: Oregon— B. D.
Plrtle, Mable, Lane County, vice Alfred
Drewry, resigned.-: ¦ , '-'¦
Washington— O. P. Loe, Fairfield, Spo
kane County, ' vice Jerome Rice, resigned.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original: Mortimer J. Rlcn
mond, Visalia, $8. War with' Spain—
Christ' Zech, San Francisco, $6.' Mexican
War— Thomas Kelly, ' Rohnerville, $12;
James M. Scott, Soldiers'.'. Home, Los
Angeles,. $12;.., Samuel H.*. Hoover. Vet
erans' Home, Napa, $12; Matthew La
forge, Veterans' --Home, Napa, $12; Rich
ard Schpley, vMagalia, $12; Jasper. N.-
Armstrong, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$12; Cornelius D. Hughes, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12; William C: Evans,
Soldiers' Home,. Napa, *$12.. Increase—
Charles H. Turner, ; Soldiers' Home,' Los
Angeles, $8; Alexander" Austin, Healds
burg,$8; George J. Pike, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12; . William Chamberlain,
San Francisco, $8; Michael Hogan, Val
lejo, $8; William Teichert, San Francis
co, $8. Widows— Carrie. C. Wiegand. San
Francisco, $8. .' v :'. . ¦ .
Several | Changes j Are Made in | the
Postal Service and More New
Pensions Granted.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE ; .
OF THE ! PACIFIC COAST
The court to-day did not uphold this
contention and the decision sustained the
acting administrator, W. W. Gray, as the
order appointing him appeared, regular ti
its face, and as evidence outside of tne
records would not be introduced to show
the disqualification of the Judge. The case
will probably go to the Supreme Court.
The questlon.to.be decided was the peti
tions of E. W. Putnam and others for let
ters of administration of the Turner es
tate." The appointment of the administra
tor, who was named soon after Turner's
death in 1894, was declared by petitioners
to be r-'ll and void for the reason that the
Judge vvho made . the appointment, had
acted against the estate.
Court Sustains Gray as Acting Ad
ministrator of the Turner
Estate. . -
MERCED, Feb. 24.— A decision was ren
dered by .Judge Rector of the Superior
Court to-day In a case involving the claim
of the University of -California .against
the estate of .W. C. Turner/deceased, for
upward of $50,000. Although adverse to the
university's interest, the decision is not
conclusive as to the right of the univer
sity to recover on its claim.
STATE UNIVERSITY J
. LOSES FIBST POINT
There being no means" of escape. Adams
crawled under the bunk in the room, but
va& unable to draw his legs completely
out of sight. When the Chinaman en
tered the room he observed Adams' pro
uuding legs. He immediately grasped
tliem and endeavored to drag the burglar
lrom beneath the bunk, but being unabls
to move the thief locked the door and
blew his police whistle.
Officers Carr, Gould, Chappell and Pet
ers responded and Quong Chung delivered
his prisoner over to the police. Adams
frays he is an electrician by trade, 27
years of age. Up to a late hour the. police
hac been unable to trace his companion
in crime. . \ -: ..
Enters Chinaman's ¦ Boom, Crawls
Under Bunk and : Is Discovered
by Occupant. #
George L. Adams' long legs betrayed
him into the hands of the police last
evening and he is now in jail with a
charge of. burglary against his name.
Adams and a "pal" entered the room of
yuong Chung on Jackson .street last
n'ght with the intention at looting it.
-\eiams' "pal" gathered up. clothing and
oiher effects Quong Chung says are
¦worth $150 and left the place unobserved.
Adims remained behind, looking for
money and other valuables, when the
sound of Quong Chung's footsteps fright
ened him. „.-.,¦
BUEGLAE'S LONG LEGS
BETEAY HIDING PLACE
Percy took a piece of ore that weighed
close to five pounds and on Ms return to
camp put it into a common portable
forge and gave it a roasting. The ore
exuded drops of a whitish metal, like fat
from a piece of bacon, and when the test
was over a large button. of the metal was
found, which Percy brought to tbhs city
for analysis. He took it to an assay
office, and asked for a quantitative analy
sis. The analysis showed that the button
was very nearly pure tin.
Percy is. wondering -if he has at last
struck the mother, lode of .the tin de
posits of this region. He will leave here
at once to complete his locations and gat
more samples. He refuses to divulge, the
location of the deposit; In fact, since the
result of the assay was- announced,- is
disposed to keep silent about the ¦ dis
covery altogether. ...' .
The Importance of such a ' discovery,
should the immense ledge prove to be. all
tin, can hardly be measured In dollars,
and mining men are. greatly excited over
the prospect of having a real tin deposit
in this section of the country. Percy says
that if the entire ledge will run one
fourth as heavy as the sample taken the
deposit is fabulously rich. • -
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 24.-The quanti
tative analysis of the ore brought in from
the Darwin district by .Expert: Percy has
been made, and. the result shows that the
mysterious metal is, tin. Percy went out
to Darwin and the i Panamint districts
two weeks ago to examine some prop
erty. While .there- his attention was
called to -an enormous deposit of -ledge .
matter highly mineralized.; He examined
it closely and traced it nearly six miles,
its width being 200 feet. It is one of tho
largest surface deposits of mineral on the
ccast and the ore is of : varying: value.
Special Dispatch to Tbo Call.
Attorney M. B. Kellogg, for the Spring
Valley i Water Company, argued , to-day
¦ that, under the statutes directors of a cor
poration .have a right at any. time to dis
solve the corporation; regardless whether
it is right, or. wrong or of the directions
of ¦ the . courts. He - claimed. - that ; Mrs.-
Clough would get the same relief in San
.Francisco /as she -would ; here, arid tried
to ' show that there - is where the case
ought to go. He took up the whole day
with ; authorities to sustain J his position.
-\ The attorneys for, Mrs. Clough did -not
have a chance to reply to Mr.- Kellogg as
to their reasons why. the injunction should
be made permanent, but will get that op
portunity to-morrow. .
; l Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
* '. / - 1118 Broadway, Feb. 24..
'-.,;. The Spring Valley Water Company was
.compelled to show its hand to-day In the
; injunction - 9 proceedings that , have \ -been
brought by Mrs. Jane Clbugh of Niles to
prevent 'it from dissolving the .Washing
ton and Murray ..Township 'IJitch, Com-,
pahy , which . it threatened . to r do in j order
to cut her out of any benefits that *; may
accrue "from a suit that, she is now press-
Jng as a 'minority stockholder to deter
'mine her rights to i the waters of Alameda
Creek.; The corporation was compelled to
admit that it wants to have the suit over
the riparian rights" transferred to San
Francisco, -where it "hopes to 'meet with ;
a much . more favorable I reception that it
has in Alameda' County. -\ f ' -
," The means by which" the water corpo
ration would have the suit transferred are
simple. By dissolving" the ditch company,
as it, proposed to do with its overwhelm
ing majority of stockholders . last Satur
day, the matter of settling up the affairs
of, the.concern would be left in the hands
of ; the- directors.- V These directors- would
make 'San Francisco their headquarters ,
and that .would compel Mrs. Clough to re
new, her suit there and go over all * the
ground that has been covered by four
months, of trial here.. . ; ;
VICTOR, Colo., Feb. ', «.— Cripple Creek
Is in a state of terror owing to. a pre
concerted attack upon assay offices doing
business In the district. Beginning: at 3
o clock this morning: and following in
rapid succession, six explosions wrecked
as many assay . offices in Victor, Cripple
Creek and Goldfleld. The wreckers did
not hesitate to jeopardize life, as all but
one of the buildings were also occupied
by sleeping families. Men, " women and
children were. hurled out of. their beds by
the shocks and serious injuries Inflicted.
The full extent of the damage cannot be
estimated. * ,
In this city the Davenport office was
wrecked by two explosions, involving a
loss of $12uO. Almost af the same time
the assay offices of Vanderwalker, Mor
gan & Williams were similarly destroyed.
The loss was approximately -as large as
at Davenport's. A miner was passing
"Williams' office at the moment ' of tho
explosion. Flying debris struck him in
the face, gashing his eyes. • His Injuries
may result In total blindness. In Cripple
Creek, Benjamin's assay office, located
near the Florence and Cripple Creek de
pot, was blown up, but was only partially
wrecked. * ' • *- • .
. In the town of Goldfleld, about a mile
and. a half north of here, almost simul
taneously Boyce's and Swinhart's offices
were blown up, Mrs. Boyce was blown
out of bed, but escaped without fatal in
juries. '
A family near the assay office was also
blown out of bed, but fortunately escaped
serious injury. . "
The giant powder was blown through
the windows at Goldfleld. In this city me
powder was placed .under the building.' -
The house in which a family lived next
to Williams' . assay office here was dam
aged and a woman was prostrated by the.
'shock and is at present hysterical.
-Sheriff Robertson called his deputies
and his force is taking ail means. to dis
cover it possible the . perpetrators of the
crimes. * The ; general impression here is
that the acts . are the result of a general
movement to rid the • district of all in
stitutions which buy high-grade ore In
small quantities.* The big mines of the
district, it is alleged, ¦ have been syste
matically robbed of much rich ore, and
from 50 to 100 assayers, it is said, have
made handsome profits by dealing In this
ore. The mine owners also recently dis
covered that high-grade ore was being
shipped by assayers from this district to
a smelter at Salt Lake and to the Selby
smelter at San Francisco, but all their
efforts to stop the traffic wer© unavail
ing. ¦ •;•- . . ~
. After the close of the circle there was
a social hour and the serving of a colla
tion. .-. - -¦ -.-¦¦ ' v ¦:
Each of the officers named and John J.
Cordy, grand secretary, of the Foresters,
and Jacob Label, editor of the' American
Foresters' Review, spojee. A . beautiful
crystal bonboniere With silver cover was
presented by the- circle to the grand chief
companion. Miss Ticoulet, as a somvenlr
of her visit. A bouquet of La , France
roses was presented to the grand treas-'
urer, and one of violets to Past Grand
Chief Companion Mrs.. Narrington, who
Is the deputy .for the -circle." . .-* ¦
During the evening two candidates
were initiated, when the staff-bearers
were again brought. into recognition and
produced several pretty, effects in tTie
placing of the staffs. •¦ :
After the work had been ' exemplified
and the (business methods " examined into
the grand chief companion gave each of
ficer special. instructions as to the proper
method of performing her particular
duty. ' .¦ /¦- ¦. . ¦ . j- .. • .-¦•*: ¦
¦ Grand ' Chief ; Companion -, Miss » Alice
Ticoulet, accompanied by Supreme Sub-
Chief Companion Mrs. \ Lizzie Atwobd,
Grand Sub-Chief Mrs. . Helena Worms,
Grand Treasurer Mrs. R. Kemp. van Ee,.
Grand Outside . Guardian Mrs. O'Calla
ghan, Grand .Trustee.' Mrs. Smith and the
past grand ; chief companion paid an of
ficial visit Ia6t night to new Century Cir
cle .of the Companions of : the -Forest of
'America in I its hall in % the Alcazar
building, i ..The . .hall : had been ( converted
into a miniature forest with verdure and
flowers and colored streamers and images
over the several stations. The circle sur
prised the visiting grand • officers. Its
members were all attired in white, and'
there was the •" addition 1 of- eight staff
bearers, also attired in white, j each \ car
rying a staff decorated at the 6pear end
with vari-colored "ribbons. In the .past
the grand . officers, when •.* visiting offi
cially, ,were . allowed - to. enter as., any
other- member, and ; - without /further rec
ognition than a few words of « ; welcome.
This circle introduced : an innovation,
which was the sending out of the right
guide to escort the visiting officials and
introduce them. "-As; they entered "tT»e
staff -bearers f drmed an arch with : . the
staffs, under which the .officers were
taken and escorted to the station/where
they were officially presented and then
welcomed by the . chief companion, Mrs. ¦
E. H. Zeising. -
FAILING HEALTH
CAUSES SUICIDE
¦ - — '
Bartender Charles Gruel
Puts an- End to: His
Life.-- •-
Turns on the Illuminating Gas
in His Boom and Awaits
Death. V 1
'¦"¦'¦¦' ¦ ' ¦ * '¦— »¦ i — ¦—
: '
Charles Greul. a bartender employed by
A. Anderson at 812 Kearny ¦ street, made
a successful attempt to commit
suicide at an early hour In the morning of
February 19 by turning on the gas in his
room. He had been in bad health for
pome .time, but he gave his friends no
intimation that he intended to make
away -with himself. He requested Peter
Topini, his landlord, to call him at a
quarter after 5 o'clock in the morning,
«nd when Mr. Topini knocked at his doqr
at that hour, Greul responded, "Ml right.
Pete." Mr. Topini returned at a:30 and
egain called Greul, whose reply was so
mumbling and unintelligible that Mr,
Topini became suspicious. At the same
time he noticed the odor of illuminating
gas proceeding from the keyhole. He
looked over the transom and saw Greul
lying on the bed. but could get no re
sponse. The doer was forced open and
Gr^ul was found unconscious. The key
of the gas burner was open.
Greul was taken to the City and County
Hospital, where- he died yesterday morn
ing. He was unmarried, a native of New
York City and 43 years old. *" . j
Miners Excited v Over Strike
Made in" the Panamiht
District
By .Dissolving the Ditch , Cor
poration Directors Get ¦
" OnTiTrni " - ¦
Head of the Companions of
. the Forest Receives ;¦;".
•Souvenir. *
¦ • • . ¦ ¦ . .. •
Explosions Cause Heavy Loss
of Property and Many
Are Injured.
Wants 1 the" Riparian ¦ Suit
Adjudicated in San ,:
Francisco. , ;>
Nature of 'Mysterious
Metal'Deposit Is
Learned.
Dynamiters Blow Up
Several Assay Offices
at Cripple Creek.
New Century Circle Pays
Full Honor to Its
Leader.
LEDGE OF TIN
ON THE DESERT
SPRING VALLEY
SHOWS ITS HAND
GRAND CHIEF
IS A VISITOR
WIELDERS OF THE PEN
ENJOY BIG RECEPTION
Pacific- Coast Women's • Press Association Holds
Entertaining Session at Century Club;
TERROR REIGNS
IN MINING CAMP
10
THE SA^ FRASrclS^
/tSfrS. DR. MEYERS & CO.
ImstA 5PEC1AUSrs f0{ >l£^-
/ Is CSkW \ Established 1S8L Coo-
"¦W'TI I 'Station and private boo<
1 "\ •«« atotflca or by m*.-.
M&^fc/ 731 MARKET SI.
X^ yjy BAN FRANCISCO, CAU
•! "¦".. . . ¦ .
When this has been accomplished the disr
charge gradually ceases, and the sore or
ulcer heals. "It is the tendency of these old
indolent sores to grow worse and worse,
and eventually to destroy the bone3. Local
applications, while soothing and to some
extent alleviate pain, cannot reach the seat
of the trouble. S. S. S. does, and no matter
how. apparently hopeless your condition,
even though your constitution has broken^
down, . it will ; bring relief when nothing
else can.'. It supplies the rich, pure blood
necessary to heal the sore and nourish
. the debilitated, diseased body.
• T Mr. J. B. Talbert, I,ock Box S45,Wlnona, Miss.,
says: **Six years ago my leg troci the knee to
the foot was one solid sore. Several physicians
treated me and I made two trips to Hot Springs,
but found no relief. I was induced to try S. S. S ,
and it made a complete cure. I have been a per-
fectly well man ever since."
S<fSR^> ASis& tho only purely vetf-
Sjjjv^ «T^ etable blood* purifier
nkw known — contains no
jfejj|) kJls poisonous minerals to
t**^r ' ea!sr ruin the digestion and
add ' to,' rather than '_ relieve ' your, suffer-
¦-ingsi,* ; If your fleshy does not heal readily
when scratched^ bruised or cut, your blood
is in bad condition, and any ordinary sore
' is apt to become chronic.
.Send forour free book and write our
7 physicians about your ca^e.' We make no
- charge for' this service.
'¦ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLAMTA, GA.
• Sores and Ulcers never become chronic
unless the blood is in poor condition — ia
sluggish; weak and unable to throw off
the poisons that accumulate in it. The
system must be relieved of the unhealthy
matter through the sore, and great danger
'to life .-would. follow should it heal before
the blood has been made pure and healthy
and all impurities eliminated from the sys-
tem.V S.S.S. begins the cure by first cleans-
ing and invigorating the blood, building
up the general health and removing from
air mSbi? A CONSTANT DRMiN
effetematterV UPON THE &YS7EM*
SORES AMD
ULCERS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.EASTERN MARKETS.
THE COAST RECOHD
•WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tin* pressure has fallen over nearly all of the
country west ot the Rocky Mountains except a
fir.all area in the extreme Northwest.
Rain is reported at all stations west of the
I lucky Mountains, except Eureka. Roseburg.
Independence and Salt Lake City. Heavy rains
nave fallen In the vicinity of Point Conception.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 25, 1902:
Northern California — Showers Tuesday; fresh
kj brisk southerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
¦"<s-!*)<r Tuesday, with occasional showere;
light southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday.
>w!th occasional llgbt showers; brisk aputheriy
•ind». '
-Kan Francisco and vicinity — Occasional light
fhewert Tuesday: freph woutherly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McAIJIK.
Forecast Official.
CHICAGO, Feb. 24.— Everything ln wheat
was bearish from tho very start. Cables were
lower, receipts were Improved and the weather
gave promise of, sunshine for some |lme to
come. Crops wera reported in excellent con
dition. Reports 'of grain receipts for to-mor
row were double what they were to-day. A8
a result tho liquidation was heavy and con
tinuous. The foreign demand is still very light'
and the demand from stock feeders Is becoming
good because of the good weather. May open
ed >>i<8>%c lower at 77J4@77c and dropped to
76tfc. Covering on the break steadied things
for a whllo and when a decrease ln the visible
supply of 1.021,000 bushels was posted the
market strengthened a bit. Just before the
close, however, the. general feeling that wheat
was too plentiful swept over the floor Rnd with
hardly a struggle May dropped another cent
to 76>Ac. May closed very weak, l;£c lower
at 75%@75%c. Corn again suffered from in
creased country offerings and a decreased de
mand from Western feeders. Cables were lower,
the Southwestern markets were very weak and
fair weather was universal In the country most
needing it. May. started about %c down at
00*j4c In company with wheat and hardly
paused until it had struck GO'tf&KHic. The
weakening of the holding sentiment on the
part of tho farmers was reflected ¦ In the pit
with a higher intensity and liquidation of spec
ulative holding went on at an enormous rate.
Nearly every house on the floor took part ln
the selling, which was for both local and
country account. , May closed very weak, l*^o
down, at 59"4c. •
Oats had a sympathetic market and slumped
in connection with corn. No news developed.
For a time near the opening trade .was ex
cited with heavy offerings ¦ on one side of the
pit and, the other side almost steady. After
the opening breale of %@l«**Iay sold up lo *£c
below Friday's close. Eut'the bear sentiment
prevailed . and the downward tendency wa»
constant. Liquidation was . . general. May
closed weak l»4c lower at 4194c.
• The ¦ grain weaknera affected provisions and
Induced scattering selling; • Offerings were
taken largely by, shorts in pork. Packers
bought some i lard and ribs and held them
steady. May pork sold as low as ?15 50 and
closed 17«4c down; May lard 2 \<,c lower and
May rlb» 2Vj®5c lower.
' The leading futures ranged aa follows: • .
Articles— "¦ '-..Open, i High. ' Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— __ ¦ mm ¦
May'. ?"W <"'4 75U 75?4
July.... 77^ 77%. .75%- 7B*
September . "G^i 70?i • 75% 75X
MfrT.T^TT. C0«4 fiOVi r.3U * MM,
juiy. fioii . . wh r.!> ;."«»--
Sjptember ..... 09^ oS •;* ss ; 5S'4
Mfy 1 . 8 .? 0 .. 2 .!... 42»; ' 4.V 41V ' 41-4'
July '.35% ;, :C.li, 34% :54i(3
September ...... \_ 30% 30%- 20% . ao%
¦ Mess pork, per barrel
May .15 00 :1R 07% 15 80 15 55
July ....15 75 15 821,4 15 65 -15 70 *
; Lard, per 100 pounds— , >r.i
May ...r. r : ....» n 40- 0 40 9 SS 0 3714
Julyi...... » BO 0 52tf 9 47*4 »t50
Short ribs, per 100 pounds— *
Mav 8 45 R 47>4 8 42*4 ' S 42*4
.nib- :.:..:.:.. s 57% s s-v, r 52-4 s &%
aeptember . S 65 ¦ 8 65 8 62^ 8 «Si^
.Cash quotations were «a follows: Flour,
naslpr: Nn. 3 spring wheat. 70ft 74c: No. 2 red.
73Sj75c: No. 2 M'hlte oats. 4.W44%c; No. ,3
white, 42 >i ©4 4c:. No.. 2 rye. 3S*j5t»c; fair . to'*
choice malting barley. OOftttie: No. I fiaxseed.
$1 03: No. 1 Northw^t«rn,'*l 70; prime: tim
othy Be*"*. . $« 30#0 40; tnecs pork. ' per barrel,"
$15*30Si 15 55; * lard; per 100 pounds. §0 17«40
9 20; short -ribs ildes .(loose). $S 25@S 40; 'dry
salted fhoutders (boxed), 7*4,$7>4c; short ckar
sides (boxed). $S 70fi?8.S0; • whisky,, basis « of
high wines, $1 31; clover, ¦ contract : grade/ $f».
Articles — "" '¦'.¦ '.' .'. J. Iteceipts." Shipments.
Flour, barrels- ............ 53.000 .W.OO'J
Wheat, bushels ..100.000 ': " Jir2,000
Corn,' bushel* . ........... 2W.00O •" JH.000
Oats, bushfllc ¦;.-.: .:..27S.OC«> R 177.000
Rye. bushels •'.';>.- B, 000 ; . 10.000
IJarl^y. J bUKheln '¦ : '. . . . • R9.(J00 • P.0,000
On the , Produce Exchange to-day the butter
XO L 1 ' " L*A llJ'^j'JWMltllJMH3HlMl8B3llil r JMMBMBHLlBBBlffl
1 ft II | ¦# ' 1
STATIONS, g 5 2 f « &? £« S
• S5 I 3I 3 : f | I
Astoria 29. 58 5+ 4% S Cloudy .26
naker 28.04 4S :» SW Cloudy .«»
¦ arson 2».70 46 .'W W Clear .05
»-.i:ureka 29. G<; 68 48 XX . Cloudy 1.42
.Fresno 'JSt. #H SO 44 SE Cloudy .67
riagsurr 23.80 it> zs s\v cloudy t.
Foratello, 1da.29.70 4C 38 X Cloudy T.
Independence .23.74 4S SO -F * Cloudy .00
I»s Aii«e1e«...29.f10 56 C 2 E Cloudy .20
Phoenix S».K« «S 48 Kff Cloudy .00
Portlaud ...-..».«<» M 42 F Cloudy .S4
He<l Bluff 53. 76 54 48 feE PtCldy 1.20
Rosebuir 23.60 A 8 44 S PtCldy .48
Kaoramento ..29.82 stl M SE PtCldy .02
fcalt I^ke 29. «S S2 :>8 SE Cloudy .00
hati Francisco.2».*4 OX 52 SW PtCldy .£4
S. L. Ohispo. .2».92 T.B 4H S Cloudy l.<&
Han rwcgro 2».92 «4 52 f=E Cloudy .02
HeatUe 2».0W .".«::<; t* J{aln . .51
:-"pokan<* • 2».C6 02 29 SW Cloudy .1«
Ntah 11ay....23.M> 52 44 E Cloudy .:»
%VallaAValla..l9.cr, f>2 36 S PtCldy .1!
iVinr-enjucra .29.70 42 SH RW. Cloudy .25
Yuma ....... 29. 5* 72 42 E Kaln T. I
— — — \ I
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins,
The Eastern markets for the staple . fruits
seem to be working around into more activity,
as will be seen by the New York report in- tha
first column. The local situation is unchanged,
FRUITS — Apricots. 8@9c for Royals and 8>4
@13c for standard. to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, sasVjc; sundrled, 5c; Peaches.
(JSjSlic; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, . pitted, ¦ 5@5^io;
unpltted, lV>®2^c; Nectarines, Qfi'S^gc-for red
and 5V5@6*«c for white; Figs, 3o for black and
tOW75c per box for. while. .
PRUNES— 1001 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's.' e®0*4c: 40-50's; 4%@5%c; 50-60's, 4-H
<?4%c; C0-70's. 3%©4*4c; 70-80's, 3*4@3%c; 8C
90*8, 29i©3»4c: »0-100's.- 2%®2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown. 6*4
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6*4c for 4-crown and
5*4o for seedlega; ¦ 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5?ic;
Seedless Sultanas, 5 Vic for unbleached and 7®
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials,' $3; De
hesa. $2 50; ' Fancy, $1 75; London Layera,
$1 25O1.3S. •-.
NUTS — Chestnuts/ ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9M.-C; No. 2, SffS'/ic; No. 1 hardshell.
»c; No.- 2, : 7c; Almond9. 10U@12c for paper
shell, 9®10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell ; Peanuts. 5©7c for Eastern ; Brazil Nuts,
12@12V6c: Filberts. 12@12>£c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts,' $;< 50@5.
. HONEY — Comb, ll<S-12c . for bright and 10®
llo for light amber; water white extracted, dig
tic; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEKSWAX— 27W,t29c per lb.;
Provisions.
Chicago -opfined higher and rising, to th»
surpriso of. the trade.' the. brokers belli: tha
best buyers, and. receipts being light. Later
on, however, continued large receipts of Hogs
operated against the market and the close was
lower. " ' , • ¦• " ¦
The San Francisco- market was quiet and
without change. •
CURED. MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12*4o torllght medium, 13*4c for light,
14V4o for extra u&ht and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12*4@13c: Califor
nia Hams, llV4©12>-ic; Mes3 Beef. $9 60<S>10 per
barrel; extra Mass. $10 SO@11; Family, Sll JJ0(j2
12r prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $22 50JJ
23; Mes3. • f IS 5O@1U; Smoked Beef. 13»i®14o
per lb. ; '* .'
LARD-^TIerciJs quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10*4@llc for pure: half barrels,
puro, ll J >ic: 10-lb tins. 11-^c; 6-lb tins, 11 Tic;
a-lb tins. 12c.
COTTOLENK-^One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, l»%c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces,
{Hie; nve tierces, O?£cjper lb. '•%'•••
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops,
, HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l*-ic under quotations. Heavy Baited
Steers, 1 lie; medium, '10c; light,. 9c;. Cow
Hides. :0c for heavy and 8»^c for light; Stags,
7c:< Baited Kip, 9c;, Salted Veal, ft^c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16>4c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip," 14c; ' Dry Calf, -18c; Culls and Brands.
*10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool. "40@<i0c. each; medium, 65@75c; long
Wool, SOc(S'$l 10 each; Horse Hidee,. salt, $2 73
@3 for large and ?2 60 for medium; $1 75@2 for
¦small and 50c for. Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large. $1 2581, 50 for medium. $1 25 for
small and BOo for; Colts. Deerskins— Summer
or Tod ekins,- Sue; fall or medium skins. 30c:
winter or thin ' skins, • 20c. Goatskins — Prime
Angoras, 75e;' large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c. ¦'¦' -*•'-'"'.; : ¦"¦ ¦ ¦ ; ' ¦ ,:" :
¦TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5*4@Cc per lb;
No. 2. 4Va<K5c; grease, 2%@3c. * i
• WOOLi — Fall. San Joaquin,- (S&Sc; Ban Joa
quln Lambs'. 7*-4@8i4o: : Middle County. -S1&IO0
per-lb;> Valley Oregon, spring. ISigie'.Ac; do
fall, 14@15c per lb. ¦•
HOPS— 10@-ll'c tor fair and ll&@12c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 139
.17 >4c tor shipment. ¦;;; ->
San .Francisco Meats Market.
The week opened on a quiet and unchanged
market. pressed MEATS. •
¦¦¦'Wholesale' rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows .'i ¦ .' ' .:
-BEEF— HVjQ'c for Steers and 6S0>-jo per lb
for Cows. ¦ ¦-• ; '¦'¦'¦¦ - • V . -¦•
VEAL— Large, 7i@Sc;!(«man. S#Oc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, ,7*4 fiOc; Ewes, 7c per
pound. ¦;•*." : ;. - V :• . • ¦ • . ... ; - .
¦ LAMB-— Ye»rlings, 0(iJ10c per In; Spring
I/iirti, I'ityo. per lb. . v .
1'OUK- Dressed Hogs, 7»i 1 89c per lb. ' X
Lasf.14 This Last
gtatiens — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka *- -- i-*~ "7.44S
Jied Bluff 1.2" 221* -1-™
Sacramento 0-92 U.S5 "-«-<0
f=an Francisco <'.S4 13.39 18.04
Kroyno <'«5L - *-'O 9-94
Independence O.oTr* 1-33 5.76
f=p.n Luis Obispo 1.03 11.4G 27.04
Sjcm Angeles W-20 6.03 13.««
fian Diego 0.W2 2.7» - . 8.58
San Francisco data : Maximum temperature.
"S; minimum. ?>2; mean, 55.-
The following maximum and minimum tem
l*ratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Borton 32-2fi Washington 50-32
Cincinnati 50-;$8 Omaha 52-32
Philadelphia *4-2h. ft. Louis 48-36
Jacksonville 62-44 Chicago 4S-34
New Tork 3S-2S, Duluth . . ; 32-28
Kanea* City 48-34 1 Salt Lake City.-. .58-38
Wheat : and Other Grains
CALL BOARD SALES,
WHEAT — The foreign were easy
and quiet. The Viceroy, of India reported con
tinued drought and worse -crop condltons. The
world's shipments for the week»were as fol
lows, in quarters: Russian, 170,000; Danubian,
34,000; Argentine, 81,000;. Indian. 44,000 Aus
tralian. The American visible suppiy
decreased 1,147.000 bushels. . .
"• Chicago opened heavy, with, liquidation and
stop-loss selling. \There was considerable real
izing by '.holders.'. Everybody seemed .loaded
with v.beat and high-priced corn and oats,
with the bulls . tired out and selling. The
weakness seemed to be caused by favorable
weather, poor cash demand and prospects lor
Increasing receipts. Nebraska sent In a very
optimistic report: plenty of snow covering, '2">
per cent -more winter wheat acreage than last
year, with -farmers contemplating the planting
of considerable- spring wheat, and the outlook
for a big crop favorable. Under all .these con
ditons the Chicago market declined 2a .
*• The San Francisco market felt . the! effects
of the Chicago decline, • and .sold off, ¦ "being
helped downward by the drenching rain over
most of the State, j and ..the market was ex
tremsly limp. . . < '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10; milling, $1 12*4
@1 15 per ctl. ¦ .. .
Informal Sesslonr-9:15 o'clock — May — 6000
ctls, ?1 00%: tiOOO. 51 00-Ji; 4000, $1 10. De
cember — 18,000, $1 l«%. ¦. , .
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, SI 10*i i
£000, $1 10%. December — 2000, $1 os-ft.
Regular ; Morning Session— May— 16,000 ctls,
$1 0U%; 0000. $1 10. December— 4000. $1 08 Vi;
2000, |l 08; 52,000, $1 08%; 3S.00O, $1 081'j.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 - ctls, SI' yo"4 ;
COCK). $1 0»%. December — 2000. £1 08»i.
BARLEY — The rains have pretty thoroughly
broken the strength of the market, and prices
have, lately been going down about as fust as
they went up. I Uoth spot and future quota
tions are lower again. December being the prin
cipal sufferer. SellerB are looking tor buy
ers, bu\ the. latter are not as numerous as of
late, and the few in the market *are shy and
Feed," 90c for No. 1 and S7Vi<8SS%c for off
Bradcs ;• brewing and shipping grades, 95@07>4c;
Chevalier. S>5c#$l 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — Deeembi»r —
4000 ctls. 7Sc: 2000, 77?ic May— 20OO, - 8il% c ;
40<)0. 86c; 15000. So%c; 80«0, S3%c; 2000, SO'/aC.
Second Session— 'No. sales. • .
I Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls.
87c; «000, 87V*c; 4000, 87%c. December— 20UO,
79c; 2000, 78V4c; 8000^ 78>4c. /} . .-
Afte'rnoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
"8 Vic.
- OATS — Chicago reports a depressed market,'
with everybody loaded with high-priced stock.
This market continues flat and featureless.
Gray8,-$1-22%$1 30; whites, $. -.-Sign 42*4;
Surprise. $140@t e 45; black. U 12'/j@l i;2"j
for feed and $1 22Va@l 32*4 for seed;- led.
$127%@1 37% per ctl for feed and 81 35«i
1 42VV ?or seed. '
CORN — Chicago declined 1 */)jc, with a poor
cash demand, a heavy market, and everybody
loaded up at the recent Jiigh prices and will
ing to sell. • ' ' ¦ V "
There was nothing new in this situation.
The demand continues poor. •
Large yellow, $1 40©l 45; small round Co,
?1 ftO: 'white, $1 35®1 40 per ctl.
-RYE — Quoted at 85@9Oc per ctl. The ship
Inverlochy is down from Port Costa with
47,711 ctla for fcurope.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted, at $1 05 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs,
' FLOUR— California •¦: Family. Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 CO;
Oregon,' |2 75@8'25 per barrel for family and $'i
«f 3 00 for Baiters' ; . Washington Bakers. W@
a 50. ' •¦ ¦ " ¦ - ¦ • • ¦ ' ¦ . - . ¦ . " ¦¦
MILLSTTJFFS — Prices . ln sacks are as ! fol
lows; . usual' discount to the ' trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2.50;-Rlce Triour,:iJ7; Corn Meal, $:i 25:
extra cream do, $4;, Oat Groats, ?r>; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat- Flour. $4@)' 25; Craekel
Wheat, $3 50;. Farina, *4 50; AVholc Whtal
Flour, $3 25; Rolled - Oats i (barrels'!, ¦ $« So®
8 85; In sacks, $8 -50®8; , Pearl ' . Barley, $5;
Split Peas; ?B; Green Feas, $8 00 per lOo lbs.
Hay and'Feedstuffs.
Bran' and : Rolled Barley are- again . lower.
The rains are depressing prices for almost all
lines of, leed.": Mlddlijjcs are unchanged.
Hay is quoted soft' under tha continued rains,
which have now'becomo heavy, in all the large
Hay districts/but the. demand for foreign and
domestic export keeps the market from break-
Ing. Receipts are moderate. :¦
BRAN— $17 50® IS per ton. .'/ "
!¦ MIDDLINGS— !f19 S0®20 50 per ton.'
FEBDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $10 50620 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. <27®2S; Jobbtng
|28 60@29: Cocoanut Cake, $20@ai: Corn Meal
$31@32: Cracked . Corn, $31 00@32 50; Mixoci
Feed. $10?? 17 50; Cottonseed. Meal. $20 no
•/HAT — Wheat." *10@13; fancy, $13 DO; Wheat
and Oat; $1O@13; - Oat. - $8®ll; Alfalfa tH&
11; Clover; $7@0; Volunteer, §C 50S.9; Stock
$6@8 60 per ton.- .- ..--.;
STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans remain ; about tKc same, • colored being
firmer .than "white, 'which- are' ' dull.' , Prices
ehow .: no. change. V "• ¦
:¦. BEANS— Bay os, $2 35 S 2 CO; Sn-all White.
$2 00@3 20; Largo. White, $2 75<g2 00; Pea.
$3 60@l; Pink.'. $1 W©2 20;; Red,. $2 7503;
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— FLOUR— Receint*
24,006; exports, 16,100 barrels. Weak and a
T l -wi?^ r -- I > Mlnnesota Patents. $a 80@4 10
•?r iS^, AT in Rcc^ pU '- 114 - 95 ° bushels; exports
30,000 bushels. Spot, easier; No* 2 red Scic
f. o. b. afloat. .Under heavy liquidation" wheat
t^ t H n o e l- a iT! Vere br f ak t0 - da y and -the ma£
ket closed ITic net loss.: May, 85%c; July,
HOPS— Firm. ,\ -
• HIDES — Dull
WOOL— Quiet. : J-.
COFFEE-Spo^ quiet; No. 7 invoice, 5%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c ¦ Futures closed
M^'- *?,%?}¦ 4S les - f -250- bags. [nclud?ng1
berr5.90^ ' }?' 5 - 50 @ 5 - b ' 0c " Decem
*_? U<^ AR^ Riw « fir m •* fair refining, SUc; cen
8 1 ? '- 96 " st> 3%c - Mousses sugar, 2Uc
refined, firm. •-/»«-.
DRIED FRUITS
r NE^T ORK> Feb - 2i — A du " market was
reported for evaporated apples. The tone was
a trine easier/ •
•#Mrs$i& ?r C y, s fofec prlmc ' o@
ra{Sre£4%geK It5 7 ere genera ' 1Iy quia
APRICOTS— 10@14c* for Royal; Moorpark 10
@ J JL \ 5 C. - *
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@lSc; unreeled, 8.^
\'ezv York Grain and Produce.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
j There was a fair attendance at the Orange
auction yesterday morning despite the threat
ening ' weather. Four cars of Oranges and I
Car Of Lernons ' were ottered and sold readily
at the following prices:/ Fancy Navels, $1 5052
2 10: choice do, ?1 03»jn 70: standard. 20c@
|1 20: Fancy Lemons, $1 30@2 15; choice do.
i5e(0$l 10; common do, 53@lK)c. Some small
lots of. Malta' Blood, - Mediterranean Sweets and
St. Michael jrOrangcs,:- consisting ' mostly O f
culls, sold from 20c to S5c per box. , " .
- In the open market business was dull and
prices . were. unchanged. .'
Two cars of New Orleans Bananas came in
.Fancy Apples are firm and bring good' prices,
but cheaper grades are dragging. The Pomona
brought down 648 boxes.'
APPLESr-Jl 60@2 25 per box for extra, ?1®
1 CO for good to choice and 50@75c for ordinary.
PEARS — From cold storage, 75c@$2 50 per
box.- ,. ¦ ¦ . '.•¦¦¦-¦».... . - . ¦ -
-CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 73c@?l 25
for standards, $1 50@2 for choice and $2@2 75
for fancy: Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Tangerines,
in quarter boxes. 75c©?l and ?1 G0(g2 in half
boxes; Lemons, 50c@$l for common and $1
(&1T.U for good to choice and $1 75@2 50 for
fancy:. Grape Fruit. ?1@2; Mexican Limes, $5
®6; Bananas, $2 25<&2 75 per bunch for New
Orleans and $1 25©2 20. for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen. ¦ - \
Exchange' and. Bullion.
Sterling Exchang,e,'"C0'daj's.^...$4 S5?i@4 SC
Sterling Exchange, ;sighj.. ...... 4 S8Vi#4 88»i
Sterling Cables ............... 4'8»>/i@4 80=i
New York Kxchanfeei sight.". . i".^.-.".. l^ls
New York Exchange,. telegraphic . : ... 15
Silver, per ounce . .....;.....;: 55U
Mexican Dollars, _.nomkial. .". \ 45^,
STOCK AND .BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Feb. 24—2 p. nr.
r-l UNITED STATES BONDS.
• Bid.Aek. I . Bid.Ask.
fs qr coup..tl2"^112%|f 3 qr c (new)139%139%
is qr reg ...112^U2%|5s qr coup.. — 109%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala. A W Co. 761^10.1 Oceanic 5s.. — 102
Bay CPC 5s. 10ft 110 Ombus C 6s.. 131 ?~V
CaNet 5s ...110'i — Pac G Im 4s 05*4 KU
P. Co T 3t * 5s ,- — — Pk&C H 63.106' 107%
£ d r htZ a S ,T ~ Pk&O R 6s " 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R Cs.ll9!i —
£ e^ y " st 5s - ~ — Sac EGRBs. — »-•*.
IIC&SS5*«,s. — — - SF & SJV5s.l23>4124
Do 5s — 100 fiierra Cal 6slO5 110
L Ang Ji 5s.l20?4 — - S P of A 6s .
LA Light 6s. — — (19O0> . 1 . .11254113U
°° ««J- «S . — — (1910) .... 114 11 1£
Do gtd 5s.l(HU — S P of Cal 6s
L A. & P 5s.l01?i — (lf»Oo)Sr A.100H —
Do lcra 5s. 101 10S (l!i0.".)Sr B.lifOii
Mkt-st"C 6s.I25*4 — . -^(1906) „.< 112H
Do lem 63.121% — . (1912) 122 — ~
N R of C 68.111^ _ gp O f cal 1st
Do 5s ....122«i •—•¦-' c gntd 5s..l20 —
2LS*X RJSs-»2% — S P BrCalflj.133 141
Oak -Gas Cs..lll — S V, Wat 6s.ll4 _
pak Trn 6s.l22 125 Do 4s 1O2>4 —
r J^Jr a l, c5e - 111^* — Do 4s 3dmlO2U —
Oak W G 5s. — 103V, Stkn Gas e&lOS&lOG
.-¦ i "WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74 — (Port Costa.. 63% 68
Marln Co K> — | Spring Val... 80 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P. 2 ; 5 Pac Light .. 44 , ' '— -':
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&RC — 35
Mutual 31* 4 S F G & E. 42% 42Ti
OOL&H.52H- SPG o£
Pac G Imp. 36% 37*5 Stktn G & E 8 —
. . .INSURANCE. . -•
FIrem's Fnd. — 275 " /
• . BANKS.
Anglo-Cal... 86 90 LP&A....165 169
California ..420 422*4 Mer Ex (llq). 1»U. _
Cal Safe Dp. 116ft — s I* Natlonl.l37ii _
First Natnl. — — .
' -.SAVINGS BANKS. .
German ...195O,- — Sav & Loan. 100
Humboldt -. . — .* ,^- Security Sav30u 850
Mutual Sav.:*N73 • SO UnJon Trust 2200
S F Sav U..612!f>— . w
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. -f^.175 {Market S9'-V-^-.
Geary .. — *<. 6O 'Presidio .... 40 50
t POWDER. ¦
Giant ......— 70 , Vlgorit ..... 3% 414
SUGAR.
Hana ...... 4 "5 KUauea ...,' 0':.
Hawaiian ...37"i 40 Makaweli ... 2«il 27
•Honokaa ... 12 421a Onomea .... 21 '4
Hutchinson . 13}4 1± I'aauhau ... 12' VZVm
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packie2^il63*^iPac A. F A. — 3W
ral Fruit As. 97»a — Pac C Borx.166
Cal Wine As DU*ilOO*-jlpar Paint... 18 —
Oceanic S Co 35 38 |
Morning Session.
Board — . . .\
SO Alaska Packers' Assn, s 20. ...... li>3 00
40 Alaska Packers' Association- ....163 00
10 8 F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
05 8 F Gas & Electric Co...... 42*25
40- Spring Valley "Water ....'... 8600
25 Spring Valley Water .'......:.... go er, •
$3000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.120 75
I'^OOO North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds. Ill 50
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d tnort)..lC2 70
- Street—
$4000 Oakland Transit Co 5 per cent.illl 50 ,
,< ¦ V -. " • • Afternoon Session. . .
Board — ¦ . . . '
200 Hana Plantation Co 4 00
10 Onomea Sugar Co 2* 00
40 Onomoa Sugar Co .'.'.....it.:... 24 60
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. ......... 42 CO.'
10 Spring Valley Water ;. 89 25 "
Slreet— "
100 Mutual Electric Light .; ,... 4 00
$C000 S P of Arizona (1S09) ..112 75
$3000 Oceanic S S bonds ..101 i>0
PRODUCERS 1 OIL. EXCHANGE. >-
"t',-f''.V -Morning Session.'
.'• < <*-•¦': Board —
200 Cala-Standard ... v IX
60 Home. . . . i • »7O
200 Home 3 7i»
3500 Independence ..... .'.*. OS
100 Junction (s 00) ........V 20
4000 Petroleum Center CO
Afternoon Session.
V . Board — : ' . ¦:•"
COO Bear Flag <U
200 Cala-Standard ........ • 19«
i 000 Petroleum Center ...;... .\ Ort
! 300 Twenty-elsht .......... ........^ .1 40 ¦
MINING STOCKS.;
The following were the sales ln the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 05 1300 Ophir .... . . .1 4i)
500 Best & Bel... ".0 100 Ophir .......1 35
100 Caledonia ... S4 300 Overman ;... 11
700 Chollar .."..:. 15 800 Overman .... 12
300 CC & V... .1 60 200 Potoel . ..15
200 C C & Va....l 55 1(K» Savage 11
300 Gould & Cur. 14 700 Union Con... 30
.600 Hale & Nor.. 36 150 Union Con... ; 29
1000 Mexican . 47 V0>) Yel Jacket 10
200 Mexican ..... 49 .
t . Afternoon Session. , .'
100- Andes ........ 061 200 Mexican ...... 46
* GOO Be,lcher .'.;... '05' 500 Ophir ....... 1. 40
800 Best & Bel... 2« 10O Ophir :......l «5
¦ 200 Caledonia 32 . 100 Poto«l «
100 C C & Va. . . .1 5T> 100 Savage: 10
-200 Confidence ... 67 100 Sierra Nev;;. 17,
500 Gould & Cur. II '*XM> Union Con.V. 27
The following were the. sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
: Morning Session.
-' 300 Andes - . : . 0»i 700 , Mexican ..... 4fl
.1200 Belcher 0." 000 Ophir. .:...:.! .10
500 Best & Bel:.. 2> 200 Ophir ~. .".: :1 .-.2«
50O Chollar ...:.: >U 200 Ophir ...";•... 1 sf.
2<iO C C A Va....l W» 4fX> Ophir V....I -3"U'
200 C O & Va.'.l 52*.J 300' Ophir .*;.". V.I 40
200 C C & Va....t 50 200 Potosl ......'. 15
..'OOO'Oould & Cur s 14 S«X» Silver IIIIK.'. - 60
200 Gould &.' Cur. IS 400 ITnion Con... 27
(HX> Mexican ..... 48 '400 l'cl Jacket... 19
000 Mexican ....< 47
Available Grain Supply,
NEW TORK-r-Feb. 24.-The visible supply of
grain February 22. as compiled by the New
L°»Q-^fS ?T e . E ? chan^. *» as follows: Wheat
54,S8o,000 bushels; decrease 1,117 000 bushel «'
Corn. 10,789.000 bushels; dee'rease, h« ; 0M "bu,hl
Business In local stocks and bonds was dull !
on the morning session, and there were 'few !
fluctuations. There were sales of Spring Val
ley. AVater at $86@86 75. The oil stock* were
dull. ¦ • - • .
The afternoon was equally dull and feature
less. •
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— To-day's : Treas-
STOCK MARKET.
KEAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
M. 3. and Elizabeth Feely to Leopold Kauf
mann lot on N line of Twenty-sixth street,
115 E of Shotwell, W 25 by N 105: $10.
Guardian. Loan Association to Mary Rawlin
son (single), lot on S line of Twentieth street,
100 E of Diamond, E 25 by S 97:6; $2750.
George F. Bucli' to Alphonse-' and Clemes*
Rambaud, lot on NW corner of Twenty-flftl*
and York streets, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Marc- Lajug and as executor of the estate ot
Ernestine G. Lajus, Edonard P. and Gabriel
O. Gailhard. Francoise .Lacome, Felecie Gull
laumette Manelspte, Zoe R. G. and Marie D.
R. Maneispis (by R. 11. Fitzgerald, commis
sioner) to Louise Gailhard, lot on E line of
Montgomery street. 8«:» S of Pacinc, S 50 :»
by E 137:6: also lot on N line of Lynch street,
137:6 Wof Leavenworth. W 77 by N 60; also
lot on W line of Clay avenue. 07:6 N ot Clay
street. N 40 by W 68:9; $4630.
Floride Wllcoxon and Jamie C. Skinner (wife
of S. E. Skinner) to Frank H. Hall, lot en 3
line of Sutter street. 137:6 E of Larkin, E
57:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Wlllta/n W. and Carrie F. Itednall to Sanford
O. Springer, lot on \V line of Utah street. lj<>
S of Eighteenth <Solano>, S 25 by W 100: $10.
Same to William and Dora Schwab, lot on
W line of Utah street, 125 S of Eighteenth.
S 25 by,-W 100; $10.
Louis Cameroa Fraser to Mary E. J. Fraser.
lot on E line of Kansas street, 100 S ot Solano.
S 33:4, E 100. S 116:8, E ICO. N 150. W 20U;
el". • .
Mary E. J. Fraser to Robert Richards, tame;
also lot on SW corner of Butte and Kansas
streets, S 97 by W 100; also lot on E lln» of
Kansas street, 50 S of Butte, E 100. SW to
Kansas. N to beginning: $10.
J. J. and E. A. Dewlins- to Peter Ryan, lots
S04 and 806, Gift Map 2; $10.
B. J. and Leah Barrett (by S. M. Samter,
commissioner) to Acme Building and Loan As
sociation, lot on E line of Sears street. 105
N of Sickles. N DO by E 100, block 9, Sears
Subdivision. West End Map 1; $1000.
- i Alameda County.
Same to Carl Janson, lot on E line of Essex
street. 110 S of Sixty-fifth, S 17 to Intertec
tlon said 'line of Essex with N line of Herzoe
Tract, thence E S5:». N parallel with said
line of Essex ;-to- point 110 S from Sixty-fifth.
W to . beginning, portion, of property assign?.)
to first party, etc., quitclaim deed, Oakland; *
$10.. "¦•;,-..:;•
Mary C. .Barker and James L. Barker (and
as attorney) to Elbert L. Favor, lot on N Una
of Prince street. S1.66 W of Grove, W 40.S-"!.
N 100.3U. E 40.67. S 100.26. lot 3. block 7.
Map subdivision of block 7, Central Park
Tract. Berkeley; $100.
Stanley and Mary A. Jewett to Joseph F.
Tapley, lot beginning: In center of Sacramento
street, 402.4 S of Rose, S 30, NE 191:6, NW
30, W 191:6, portion of plat SO. Rancho V.
and D. Peralta; also portion of Domingo Per
alta Homestead. Berkeley; $10.
Frank L. Platt - to Clara m: Platt. lot on
NW line of Jones street, 150 SW of Allendale
avenue, SW 60 by NW 100, lots 11 and 12,
block 12, Map of Allendale Tract, Brooklyn
Township: ~ift.
I. \V\. Carrie. Joseph and Bertha Goldman
to R. C. . Ruu3. lot on SE line o£ Redwood
avenue, 66.03 SW of Tobler ntreet. SW 6O by
SE 125, Iota \X and 13, Map of Fruitvals Park,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
. Elizabeth A. Stahr and Mary Jane Mason
to Clay P. Goodtnz, all Interest In lot on N
line of Railroad avenue. 125 W of Bay street,
N 150. W 40.41. S 149.7. E 44. lot II. block
K. Mao of Taylor and Page Tract. Alameda:
also lot on E line of Chester street. 100 S of
Railroad avenue. E 125 by 8 25, lot 2!>. blocK
494, redlvfelon of city blocks 4!U to 49C, Oak
land; also lots 1 to 4, 29 and 30, block 37, on
Whltcher's official map known as tract IW.
Oakland; $100.
Thomas J. Murray to Thomas Murray
(father), same as ln deed from Elizabeth A.
Stahr et ah, Oakland; $350.
Thomas Murray to Clay P. Goodins. sama
three pieces as ln deed from Elizabeth A.
Stahr et at.; also property outside of county;
$500. •
Hubert Judge (widower) to Delia S. My rick,
lot on W line of Lafayette street. 10O S of
Central avenue, said point . being Identical
with said point on said line of Lafayette. 115
S Intersection thereof with S line of Central
avenue. S 35 by W 73. block 2, map Bartlett
Fifty-acre Tract, subject to mortgage for $1500.
Washington Township; $10.
Union Savings Bank to A. P. Holland, lot on
SW corner ot Thirteenth and Oak streets, \V
40 by S 10O, block 1G8; ?1<>.
Domlnlck W.* Barrett (ainjcle) to Sarah A.
Byrne (wife qf Ed), lot on W line of Center
street 150 S of Railroad avenue. S 25 by W
141:4. lot 15, block 494. map reili vision city
U> by S 1»», block 16S, Oakland: $10.
¦ Addle ' E and W. H. Armstrong to Mary S.
Snow lot on D line of Telegraph avenue. 35 X
of Moss avenue, N 70:4, E 172:11*^. S 70:4.
W 168 :9, block D, map Broadway and T»le
graph Avenue Homentead. etc.. Oakland; ilA
Mary Sophia and H. H. Snow to Arthur C.
Sandford lot on E line of Telegraph avenue.
50:4 N of Mobs avenue. J» 6O. E XlZzVlli, 9
£K» W 170. block D, »arae. Oakland: f 10.
Daniel and Julia A.- Bucknum to George Ster
ling lot on S line ot Spring street, 220 E of
Adeline, E 75 by S 98. lots 79 to 81, map Klm
ball Tract, Oakland; $10. *¦
William A. and Lucy A. Stacey to California
BulldlnjC and Loan Association, lot on S Hue
of Thirty-seventh street. . 324.05 Eo( Market.
B 40 by S 1C0, map Beckett's Second Addition
<an absolute conveyance said property). Oak
land: $1. ¦ • ¦
Raymond. Norman B. ami ¦ Clement W.
Et^kles Minnie D. Janls. Nellie "E. Hodsrhea.1
(heirs at law of I. N. or Ijrnato N. Kckles) to
Charles M. Price, lot 12 and >T 1-". f«*t ot.Tot,
13 block 21. map property L. M. Beaudrv «nd
O." Peladeau. portion plat 41. Oakland. Towu
willlam H. and Mary E. Wmto <wifr> to
Kat»> F Clayton, lot on E line of Fulton. s'reet.
45 X of Parker. N 45 by ft 125 lot 4'J. blo>-*c
1454 map Berkeley maps No.v 1 »n-1 2 Blako
Tract portion plat €3. Berkeley: $if».
- John and Sofia M. Svenn (wl'e) to H*»nry and
Amelia Armstrong, lot nn V>' :\\n* ft Nln*h
street 37S.6H S of Channin* way. S 25 by W
ir.0. lot 10. block 13f«. corrected map of Avery
Tract Berkeley: $1*V
Georee ' W. and Angeltnc , S. H. Webb to .
Oscar and Maria. Larson. lot tS atwi S half of
lot 13 block 12. amended "map of Central Park
andAlcatraz and Newbury Stations. Berkeley;
8330. .
• A P. Woodhridse tr> Erie A. Nyeren. lot on
SW line of Glenn Ftre<"t. ll."C?.O5 SE of line i?
Rertlwond mart. #urvev S0», SE 50 by SW 110.2*.
lifliiK- 8E half ft lot i»>. map of Bond Tract.
Brooklyn T«wn«hio: $1W. • •
John R. Glasrock to Oeorit<» A. Doujlasn. l>>»a
11 to 22. block -7.- map of North Alamed*
Tract, formerly Val'len and Gtast-nck Tract,
Bmoklyn Townahln: ¦ $10. .
Frank M. and Marv R. Smith .to trustee
of Mary R. Smith's Trusts. Un hojdnninK. in
Tract", at ei'mimfn« > «menf. oorn»r l^me and
land-formerly of.f*. A.- Jones. rh*iw» ur> nakl
creek along- s*«lil Jonw' line UK i.!in chain*.
NK-2 rhain«. NE .TC7 e»w«!n:>. Nfl 7.C0 ohain*.
NE.2.IS; chains. NE .. ."».V1 otialnt. SK n.l<«
chains to ,N- corner W land formerly of M«th
ews, ' thenc» " thro»*yH land fccnt^rly •»* ,Ioim
NE S.«« chtins. NW 1«..".7 chains, SW m.«>7
chain* 1 to beplnnlns. belnjr <*<5untv survey Ml.
bNo dcaprihfd- bv map call»>«l man of v Jort»s
Tract. East Oakland, except block 10 and "ot»
8 and - f>." block - 9. taken to open MathVwV avp
ntie and. to widen Fourth avenue <foundati6n of
; fhrlstlan Home to" be known as Mary R.
Smith's Cottaicea (trust deedj; M. *
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
'Receipts /of Butter since Friday have been
liberal,', but they were taken up by the good i
demand' and the. floors ' are still slenderly!
stocked* Prices for all descriptions are firm.
Receipts of Cheese have been running lighter
Of; late and the market is quoted steady at
the prices which have ruled for some time.
There are now more Eggs jon the market
than for a month, and the market is trembling
on the edge of a decline. Dealers say that if
the shipping demand. continues quotations will
probably be fairly sustained for 'a few days.!
but. if it ceases and the market has to depend
on the local Inquiry, there will be a break.
A day. or eo will decide the matter, and mean-*
while the market is weak, with 20e as - the
ruling price for No. 1 ranch.
Receipts were G1.000 pounds, 2 tubs and 4
barrels of Butter; 272»' cases of Eggs,. 12.150
pounds of California Cheese, pounds of
Oregon .Cheese, and . pounds of Eastern
Cheese. - \ . . \
' BUTTKR — Creamery, 2S%@29c per lb for
fancy. 27%@28c for firsts and 26@27c for sec
onds; dairy, 22@27%c; store Butter, 17@19o per
pound. : ,
CHEESE— New, ll^c: old. 10@llc; Young
America, 12@>13c; Eastern, 13@15c per* lb.
EGGS — Ranch 21c for selected largo and. 20c
for good to choice: store, lS@iyc per dozen. ;
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TWO DATS,
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qrsks... $0,193 Shorts, ska 115 I
Wheat." ctls...'. .106,788 Feed, sks,, 23'
Barley, ctls: ..." 21.S70 Hay. tons......: 431'
Oats, ctls. ...;.. 300 Sugar, ctls 4.000 !
Beans, sks;. 146 Tallow, ctls..,. 263
Corn, ctls...... / 1,905 Leather,' rolls... 7:; '
Rye,- ctls. 47.711 Wine, gals 66,100
Potatoes, sks... 4,625 Chicory, bbls... 70.
Onions, sks...... 30 Lime. bbla..;... 364
Bran, sks 260 Pelta, bdls...... 171 I
Bks.. 840,Hides, No. . "791
Hops, bales 15| j
Flour, qr ska... 5,628 | Potatoes, sks...
London Market.
CLOSING
NEW YORK. Feb. 2i.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London- financial cablegram says: ..
Stocks were quietly steady to-day, pending
the settlement save fn thfe case of South Afri
can shares, which opened firm and then
sagged. The public is out of the market an3
Insiders are holding off. thinking that the weajt
element has not yet been shaken out. The
American department opened weak, but the
bull faction rallied pricey when New York
e a J >uyer> Particularly of UnfO ir Pa
cific. The close was cheerful. -
LONDON, Feb. 24.— Consols for money 94 U-
Anaconda 6%; Atchison. 77% ; AtehlioJr^rel
SEfflV & Vl"! 341^ ? acln * "" Southern
Paclflo, 60%; Union Pacific, 103&; Union Pa-
Bank Clearings.
Loral bank clearings for the week ending
Friday, February 21, were $20,014,033, against
« 6,606,6V during the same week laat year. !
Pried Fruits in New York
Mail reports from New York say: "In^ a
Kcneral way the market shows few important
features, but for most descriptions in the list '
there is noted a good jobbing interest and ecsne
firmness among holders. In prunes Ihe aggre
gate buEiness doing is of fair proportions, and
while on California offerings prices show no
material change the feeling is steady, with a.
somewhat firmer tendency. On 40-5OS in 25-lb
boxes strictly new Santa Clara fruit Is offered
at 6»4c by most holders. Outside fruit is een
erally held at ti^c Sixes t>0-70s are reported
.in lighter supply "and the situation is perhaps
stronger. The outlet through the list is good.
Spot Oregon .prunes, »*-4ys, are firmer, with
stocks cleaning up. Inside quotation is now
0%c but the" general view is "ic higher. Sizes
46-5Qs offer at 5\'c to 5"£c in 25-lb boxes. Coast
¦ advices on California prunes note a strong feel
ing, but no important change. Oregon advices
report the situation practically cleaned up from
first hands. In raisins the spot market is quiet.
A little inquiry and buying of seeded in a Job
bing way is noted at from S*£c to 8%c for
choice and S'.ic to S%c for fancy 1-lb cartons.
Valencia layer raisins are steady.
¦'In view of a more active Buying interest
siiown in epot apricots and peaches, there was
noted to-day a much stronger feeling in both
¦inscriptions. Spot stocks are reported con
siderably below the usual holdings at this sea
son for both peaches and apricots. Some e»
timates place «pot stocks of thf latter at less
than 20 car loads, with the bulk of the hold
ing? in tcvr hands. Within the last two days
efforts to buy from the coast have been turned
down at prices wired here earjy in the week
i» the principal holders there. Spot is quoted
at from 8*&e to ll^c on' choice and fancy
Uoyals in bags and from 10c to 12c In boxes.
and 10'io to 12c for choice and fancy* Moor
parks in* bags and 12c to 13*4c for boxes.
"Private advices from the Coast ln this con
nection state: Stocks of apricots on the
Coast in first hands are now figured to be less
than 30 car loads, chiffiy of better than choic-«
and fancy grades. The Ideas of holders - are
exceedingly strong and now rule, on a. basis
slightly above the parity of cost to lay down
in the Eastern markets. There is a good de
mand from interior points for the fruit, and no
disposition shown on the part of holders to re
duce their ideas. Stock* of peaches do -«iot
exceed iKi car loads all told."
Weather Report
il2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.*
SAX FRANCISCO, Feb. 24. 1902—5 p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, z* compared v.Sth those of the same date
Ian season, and rainfall in the* last twenty
four hours:
erally felt -that all possible courses 'of proced
ure will have to be met in the same way. Th«
professionals who were on the bull side ex
changed assurances that the administration's
6uit against tha company might be regarded as
In the nature of a friendly process to establish
the true standing of that company under the
J!!!!"' 1 . 1^* . vlf lt to Washington of some of the
principal financiers Interested was regarded as
a favoring factor for the outcome of the case.
This sort of argument was not so convincing
but that the professional traders kept keenly
alert to each other's movements and when Im
portant selling to realize developed, -all turned
to the selling eide.- The largest dealings were
in etocKs which moved under Individual influ
ences. In Sugar the influence was disappoint
ing over the measure agreed upon by the Ways
ana Means Committee regarding the duty on
tuban eusar. Amalgamated Copper was
affected by the reported sale to it of a mine
and the removal of threatened litigation. Ten
nessee Coal was a feature at the extreme ad
vance of 3>4 on rumors of a resumption of div
idends. Dealings in Southern Pacific continued
n e movement ln ' the stock was
Foreign exchange continued to advance to
aay, influenced by London's selling of securities
here and the small supply of commercial ex
change bills, but the local money market con
tinued easy. .
The bond market showed some decree of
nrraness, but business was not large except in
"• e .,5X *5S sh debentures. Total sales, par value,
United States 3s coupons declined % and" the
registered 3s advanced % on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison ' 22,300 75% 75U 75S4
Atchison pfd 1,000 • 97"* 97 96-t
Bait &. Ohio 1,000 104% 102% 103%
Bait & Ohio pfd ." .... 93?4
Canadian Pacific :. 2.900 114% H4»i ll44s<
Canada Southern .... • S5
Chesapeak & Ohio. 2,000 45%- . 45»i -4514
Chic & Alton 3.SO0 3754 36»i 3lL
Chic & Alton pfd.. 500 . 76 76 ' 75«i
Chic Ind & Louis. 13,500 67»4 0294 e2= t
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 500 79»i 79 V 79>>
Chic & East IU 300 142 1411/. 1H«^
Chic & Great West 1,6(H) 24 23}i 2.{»4
Chic&GWApfd. ...:. .....: . S5
Chic & G W B pfd. 300 40 45% 45
Chic & Northwest. 200 218% 21S% 217'i
Chic R 1 & Pac... 800 162 1«1 160 '
Chic Ter & Tr WH) . 1« J« 15'i
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 100 31 31 31 '
C C C & St Louis.. 400 101% 100'i 101
Colo Southern 00,600 '211s 21 K 20"4
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 5,000 t»4* 6Sii 68*4
Colo Sou 2d pfd.... y.»00 37% 36' 30^4
Del & Hudson 400 173 : 172 17"*
Del Lack & West.. 200 2sl 2S1 • 280
Dttnver & R G . -J*>J4
Denver & R <G pfd. 300 92% 92 * 924s
Erie 12,21V) 3*% 377^ a8 {2
Erie 1st pfd... 1 ,... , tKMJ «8% <iS' t>8>4
Erie 2d pfd......'. 5O<i 5ti% 56 50«i
Great Northern pfd 90U IS7 .1§5}4 1*514
Hocking Valley r. r. ..';.:*¦¦...;' V^ 6f '
Hocking Val pfd.. , 200 84 S4 . 84
Illinois Central .... 1,100 140% 139*i 140
Iowa Central 1,100 4S% 47>i 48
Iowa Central ptd... 200 ' Sov, SO 79*4
Lake Erie & West. 200 67 H o"7 6714
Lake E & W pfd . . .'' .... 132
Louisville & Nash. 2.500 104% 103*4 104%
Manhattan L 1.40O 131% 133 133
Metropolitan St Ry 2,700 16S% 107 1 -. l(JSt4
Mexican Central... 200 28% 28^ 28^1
Mexican National.. 700 17 loi? w*.
Mnn & St Louis... 400 109% 108% 109
Missouri Pacific .... 4,100 - 103% 102 102»4
Mo Kan & Tex 1,200" 25 23% 24^
Mo Kan & Tex pfd S.5O0 5« 55u! 63*4
N J Central ..;... " 191
N V Central 1 .700 16TJ '.j 102% I(i2?i
or J ok & We«t... 1,300-57 56% 56^
*5 f0 } k & Wpfd.. 100 91 9\ 90%
Ontario & West.... 1,300 33% 331' :i3 {?
Pennsylvania B.tJOu 150^ 141*^ 143%
Heading S 300 67V is *.«»*
»e.dlnsl«pfd..:. L300 fiL% 8I.4 s| H
IteadlnsMprd.... 4,500 CH 67% 68
fetL&SF.... 600 «1% C0U fiOV.
StL&S^lstpfd. 300 84% 84H 84^
St L & S F 2d pf4. 200 73% 72% T^a:
ztassF&i 200 .».* p
If pau{ pm:::::::: 13 : 800 104% 164 \f*
Southern Pacific .. C8.5Q0 63% c4i£ 04%
bouthern Railway..- 11, eoo 33% 32»t 3^3
Southern Ry pfd... 3,tW.) M ilt »gi'2
Texas & Pacinc... 1,300 41% 40S . jnif
To St L& West.. .1,300 21 % -.?2
W&LE2dpfd.. 2 200 34 .¥•?? 33 V
VUsconsJn Central. ROO 20% 20<? 20U
Wisconsin Cent pfd. 300 41 it l{\ '40?
Express Companies— . * U ' J
Adams • 1<r
American 300 23o" «vi" ¥£
ssaSft pi % i
Miscellaneous— 190
Amalgamated Cop. 38,800 . 70% (2U1 JQir
Amer Car & P.... soo 28% 2Sit ' »tv
Arner C & F pfd. 900 «u £g ZW
Amer Linseed Oil." 400x23% >*t %i'
Amer Locomotive.. ROW 3114 ;ut> till
Amer Loco pfd.... j»oo 93»4 mtJ ao-.l
Atner Lin Oil pfd * - '* Sr 1 *
Amer Smelt & R. . 5.800 4S%" 4C^i 47U
Amer S & Rcf pfd. 200 08*1 m ni'*
Anaconda Mln Co.' 400 3314 aa»i 33U
Brooklyn Rapid T 300 C2 61 & £>**
Colo Fuel « Iron. 2,400 87?; su'i «B»1
Consolidate) Gas... 1,900 222 "2f>»2 221 u.
Con Tobacco pfd... 400 J1C4 Jl« Jl«;
General Klectrlc .. 300 200%, 25K> 230
Glueos« bugar |<>ia
HocklnK Coal .... luo 17 17 jjjij
International Paper 600 20*i 20% "GIL
International P pfd 1,600 75% 75U 751?
International Power -SC
Laclcde Gas "" s">
National Biscuit .. 100 47«.£ 47% A~V*
National Ltad 500 17(4 17*4 17
National Salt .I.v! ' .... .... &
National Salt pfd. ct
North American . ui ¦'.'
Pacinc Coast 7214
Pacific Mail 2.900 47*i 46«i 471'i
People's Gas 1,200 1W>^ 100 ' 0'»«t
Preened Sterl Car. ; 7<»0 ."W% .•!;>% .-59
Prttwwl Steel C pfd 6.1!0<J S3% 8-3 82 K
Pull Palace Car 210*
Republic Ste«l ... 3,400* 16*4 10'i . 1«*l'
Republic Steel pfd. 1,200 70% 70 70
Pugar 13.100 130 127% 128%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 51,700 70% «9V* ' 70 -
TJnton B & P Co. . . 10f| 1«% Ifi% KJU
UnJon D &l» C pfd JOO 80 W) 7fr '
U S Leather .... 17.700 12'J 11% 11%
U F Leather pfd... 3,000 M 81 fc,
U S Rubber 4,100' 17*4 1fi% 16%
U K Kubber pfd.. 2.R00 : 50% r>H C8'5
U R Steel .-. 23.3011- -44 V* «?i 43%
U S Steel pfd .... 18,300 »4»4 »4 O4V4
Western. Union 500 01 00*4 80^4
¦ Tola! shares sold.6J8.400
NEV YORK CLOSING BONDS. - • •
V $ ref 2« res. . . .109 L & N Unl 4b. . . .10J %
IS!« ref coup..l<i» Mexican Cent As.-KZ'-A
V S .J« rce... 1'»% Meat Cent 1st Inc. SO'i
U R Hs coup..-....108 1 !4 Minn & St L 4s.»I03'
U S new 4s rc-g.,130% Mo, Kans & T 4a. P8"i
V S new it coup. ;i:«l% M. K & T 2ds... 82U
U 8 old 4.1 r*g...H2% NT Cent lsti?...IO;J%
U H oUl 4« coup..H2»A ti Y,C sen 3%B..10S'f.
U S 5« reg.. iOHV s N J Cenf cen Cs.l3CT<,
JJ S »« coup HMii-jix Pacific 4«...~. ;.1OR%
Atchison ten 4*. .104% N Pacific 3s. 74V»
AO-hiRon adj 4».. r M% N & \y con 4s... .103%
JJalt ft Ohio 4s... lOTy, Heading «ten 4s...: tou
Bait & Ohio 3%«. ft*j%!s.L & I M con 5s.ll7
lUlt & O conv 4.1O7% Ht L. & S P 4s... its
Canada Ho 2d«. ..110>4 Kt L Kwstrn lsU. !«%'
Cent of <Ja t>«....lll St L Swetrn 2<ls.. inu.
Cent «t Irt Inc.. 79U S A & A P 4b..,. JI2
C& O 4%e 110% So Pacific 4a:;.. »2
C1irt» & Alt 3%h.. St So Railway &p...120'i
C. H A. Q new 4*. «5* 4 Tex 4- Pac lita.,120%
C. M & 8 J*(fen4s.ll2% T. fit L & W 4b.V«T,%
C <r NW'coti 7S..I3UIA Union Pacific ! 4s. KKJT4
C. H J & P 4s IJOJtf U P conv 4k 100
C.C.C& fiPien 4s.I«R%jVVaba»h Ists lift
Chiro Terminal 4s. ?8 (Wabash 2da.... ..ill
C:Ao & So 4* . »4'4 < Wabash. Ueb.B... 72 : !i
Den & R G 4s.".."02".i Wect b'hore Js... 112%
Erie :>rlor lien 4s. 1K» W & L B 4b . '.».(%
Krif iren 4s K8 \vi» Cent 4s. . . . . . K!)«4
¦ K W <t n C )«U..112 Cons Tobacco 4s.. 'Wi;
Hockinf Val 41J6.10U%
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Feb. Z±-r* p. m.
Bid. Ask.. Bid. Ask. 1
Alpha o:; 04 Justice CD 11
Alta 04 OftKentucfc 01 02
Andes 03 C6 Lady Wash.. — C'5
Belcher' 05 06 Mexican 45 47
Best & Bel... 27 2S Occidental ... CS 10
Bullion 02 03 pphir 135 145
Caledonia ... 31 32! Overman .... lrt 11
Challenge ... 17 19!Potosi 12 13
Chollar 12 -13 [Savage 00 " 10
Confidence ... 6« 6.S Scorpion .... — 04
C C & Va 1 .TO 1 «i Sesr Belrher. .02 01
Con Imperial. 01 .«2i Sierra Nev... 1« 18
Con N Y 02 (Kl Silver Hill... '5S «O
Crown Point. 0«J 07 St Louis «— 10
Eureka Coo.. IS ' — Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer ... — 02 Union Con... 27 2S
Gould & Cur. 1". 14 Utah .... 02 03
Hale & 'Nor.. 33 ."UiYel Jackst... IT 19
Julia .... — 0l|
Eastern Livestock Market.
¦:'¦•:-:. CHICAGO. • '¦¦'¦• ¦"/¦'... 'f
CHICAGO, Feb. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts,
*>4 000 including COO Texans ; lower. Good to
Drime' steers. $6 50@7 25; poor .to medium,
$4«TG 50; stockerfi arid ; feedera 50®4 So;
cows $1 25S5 S»H heifers. ?2 DOGS 50;. can
nem.' $1 25@2 30; hulls, ?2 50@4 CO, calves,
HOGS Receipts, to-day, 4.S.O0O;' to-morrow^, '
35<mx»- left over. -iSOOi market steady to shade
easier' 1 Mixed and butchers." .$5; OOlfrG 35; goo<l
.to choice heavy. ¦$« 2S(Sti -15; rough heavy, $0
.®C 25; light, $4 SU!g5 10; bulk of sales, ?o Oo®
0 25 ¦¦¦¦.¦ - '-"'• ¦'•.¦¦' - - .- ¦ .";.¦;.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000. Sheep, strong ; to
10c higher; Iambs, 1 ."iff 25c ; higher.,-;. Good ' : ,to
choice wethers. $4 7S®5 30;' fair to -' choice
mixed, $.'! 90(54 70; Westenj sheep" and year
lings' $ t,5O©*5; native . lan\bs, ?o 75Q6; West
ern lambs, v ?5 23@6 60. , ... ' :
Neiu York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Feb. 24.— Thefe . was / a sub
stantial advance in the local market ; for pig
tin. - Thu3 at New Yorkitheclosingwas $25 60
@25 00 for spot. Ix>ndon : 'closed £1: 10s higher
at £118 10s £or spot and £112 for futures.
Copper i was auiet" and tanchanged here with
Bpot at 12@1234C -.electrolytic 'attl2*«4@12?8C
and casting at 12^@12%c.
at the close were 5s higher" at £56' 2s tJd'ior
spot and £55 15s for. futures. -:..
Lead, was firm at"4'sc at New:Tork, and
London was Is 3d higher at £ll'15s. - .
Spelter was steady here at 4.20@4.25c, and
London closed 2s 6d higher 'at £17 17« 6d. *
Iron was firm here. Glasgow closed at 53s
lid and Middleaboro = at 4Ss. The local auota
tions were unchanged. ' ¦ , '
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 24.— Consols, Ol'i,; silver,
25%d;- French rentes, lOlf 15c; cargoes
on passake, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 23s 9d; English country
markets. . steady;"' imports into rrUnited ..King
dom, wheat. 254.0C0; imports into United King
dom, flour, 261,000; whe*at and flour'on -passage
to United Kingdom, 3,939,000; wheat and flour
on passage to Continent, 1.160,000; Indian «hlp
nients wheat to United Kingdom,' 38,000; In
dian Shipments to Continent. 6000. -¦¦•¦•-_¦ .•
HOBE — PaeiflCiCoast— Steady, £3 5s@£410s.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 24.— Wheat .in Paris,
steady ;\flour in Paris,- «teady; French "country
markets, steady, v. ~ ',' '. ¦ ¦¦:".;
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-S2d. .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— Cotton clcs«d barely
steady, with prices 5 to 8 points n6t lower.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market'
. PORTLAND. .Feb. 24.— Walla- Walla, 65@
65'/ic; bluestem, 60@-*36Hc; valley, e5@C5i-ic.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. ?]
Adan, s con ......; u« !e chief :. 12
Bree^-A * 5 Ontario .'. 0T
mfrn ei^*-" -^Sierra Nevada J5
Irnn en " V * r " " ' ' : • • - 1 40 Small H Ol >es «0
&,^ ver - • •-.•••• 65 Standard . .' '. .3 20
•^«a(3\ilie Con..... 05i ' ;
BOSTONT STOCKS AND BONDS.
C^li ?^r- "IWestingh Commn. SO
V?" Ioans mm Mining—
Sf i 03 " 8 • • • "*%«3 Adventure . . .' 2-1ii
A , B ?" ds — Allouez H\i
Ta= i ?" 4s 102 • Amalgamated...:: 7O' /A
V P £ V \ ¦••••• S5 Baltic 4a
& J' ::^ e - ¦'¦ r ' s Bingham ........ 22J5
. Railroads— Calumet & Ilecla. 02.")
Atohison . i ...... 7.-. i^ Centennial 1U
• • clo nrofd : ottTi Copper Range. ... C+»i
Bonon &.Albany/J»Ki Dom Coal; 82'i
Jioston & Maine.. 192J4 Franklin .» JV/i
MOPton Elevated.. Kit;'', Isle Royale ...... 20"/.,
alT-?? H & H...211 " Mohawk :«9i
fitchburg prefa.'.-.lOC"-; Old Dominion ...21
union Pacific .... o:»Vi Osceoia 70 '
Me-x Central .... Zgy Parrot ........... 31"4
(Juincy . . . ....'.. ..14ft
Am Sugar ...... .127% Santa Fe'Copper. .>ii
:- do prefd .......lisij Tamarack 235'
Am Tel & Tel 157 !4 Tsimountain 100
Dom Iron & Steel. :i7'4 Trinity .......... 11=.
Gen Electric ..,.289 United States ..;. 17%
M»^s Electric ..;. 30:4 Utah ..'..... .....74^
do prefd ....... 05 Vi Victoria. 5V,
h E G & Coke 5y. Winona ......... JIM
United Fruit 87" Wolverine 51 1
New. York Money Market.
XEW . YORK. Feb. 24.— Money on call,
steady, . at 2@2»i per cent; prime - mercantile
paper, 4@4% per cent. Sterling exchange firm,
vk-itlTK actual business In bankers' bills at
$4 Si%@4 87% for demand and ?4 85%(f4 85U
for sixty days; posted rates. • ?4 86©4 8S%;
commercial bills. $4 84©4- K5y t . Bar silver,
o4>sc; Mexican dollars, 43 'ic. Government
bonds, irremilar; State bonds, inactive;-rail
road bonds, firm. ¦ / -•
SUMMARY: OF THE MARKETS.
".. . r LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . * " ', March. - May.-
Opening .. .' •• «J's' -.:' *\%
Closing • 61 C-.6 1.V
- . -.;, PARIS. ;
Wheat— " °": •¦'' ' : \ ¦"¦';• £'*'• May-Aug.
Opening 20 9» .22 10
Closing 21 00 22 l*»v«*,
Op^lnng" ....,.;;.,......• 25 00 : 27 43° '
Closing 2010 • . *' •"
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign futures.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
' The ¦ following quotations . are for good ¦ sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage: , . ,
CATTLE— Steers. SK-SOc: Cows and Heifer.*.
<j 1 ,4@T!ac: thin Cowf, 4@5c per lb.'
CALVES — *"4@5?Jc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethecs, 4@4&c; Ewes, S'i@4c per
lb (gross weight). , '
. LAMBS — Sucking- Lambs. $2 5fNg3 per head,
or 5*A@«c per lb, live weight; yearlings, 4«.«
5cper lb." •?-;¦; , ¦
HOGS — Live Hoes, ¦ 200 lbs and under, 6®
Gi^c; 200 lba and over, 5%@5;&c; feeders, 5}4c:
sows. -20 per cent -off; boars, 30 per cent off.
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. ,
General Merchandise,
"GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, June
arid July, 6c; local make. Jga less .than- Cal
cuttas; San v Quentlns, ?5 55; .Wool Bags, 02®
35c ;' Fleece Twine, 7 !£.@8c. ;
COAL— Wellington. $9 person;. Southfield
Wellington. $0; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Rosb'n. $7; Coos Bay. $5 00; Waflsend,/$8 50;
Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50; Cumberland, $12
in bulk and $ia 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, —\ 'Weigh. Anthracite, $14;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $13 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
*S 45 per 2000 Ibt'aml $S CO per ton. accord
ing to brand. ¦ \ ;
¦ OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases N"o 1
70c; pure, $1.20; Linseed Oil, in bf.rrelg, boiled'
7(Jc; raw. 74c; cases, 5c more; Lueol, 66<- for
boiled and We for raw, in barrels ; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. S5c; cases 90c •
China Nut, 57»i@6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c: Sperm, pare.
65c; .-Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon;. Fish Oil, barrels, 42&e; cases 47V,c -
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, G3>4c for Ceylon and
58%q for Australian. ¦ . • -
v COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk
J/^'oZ^ 1 O11 - m casea, 20c; Astral. 20e;
Star. 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Kocetm.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline in bulk 15c- in
cases. - 21 %c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c; in cases
20rjc; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c: In
cases, 26V4c. - • ¦• .¦•..-
TURPENTINE— 67c per grallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c;
Powdered. 4.75c: Candy Granulated, 4.75c; Dry
GranuJated. 4 . 65c ; : Confectioners" A. 4 . 65c -
¦Fruit Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only),' 4.65c; Magnolia A. 4.25c: Extra
C, 4.15c; Golden C. 4.05c; D. 3.95c; barrels.
10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50«
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less .than 75 barrels ¦ or its equivalent
Dominos, , half-*barrcls, 5.15c; • boxes, 5.40c
per lb. • ' . **• .
B!ackeye.'$3 75@4: LImas. $t 43®4 65; Red
Kldueys, $3 S5@4 per ctl. . - -.• - ¦ ¦ • ¦ . t
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 7502 90; Tel
16w. Mustard.;. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $3 25@2 50;
Canary, -3^c- for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
»@0&e; California, SSS'^c;- Rape. l?iS2fic;
Hemp, 3',4cper lb. . •¦¦ - .
. DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
Potatoes , Oiiions.and Vegetables,
Oregon Potatoes are weaker, as the market
Is well supplied and another steamer is due*
with large shipments. ,.' Very few Potatoes are
coming-in from the " Salinas ' Valley now, ; and,
the. quotations ¦ are ' withdrawn. Two cars -of
Sweet- Potatoes came, in.' ¦ ,
- - The Onion market is easy' and prices are
unchanged., ¦¦'-."."
¦ Receipts of Asparagus - and ¦ Rhubarb.' were
email yesterday, but as -the stock was not
fancy, - prices were lower. Offerings of Los
Angeles Vegetables were liberal" and all klnda
sold well with *the • exception- of ¦ - Tomatoes,
¦which were plentiful and . weak. Receipts of
Mushrooms' continue heavy and the market x%
overstocked! •• - ¦;_-.-•¦- ... "
j POTATOES— $1 10®l 35 for' Burbanks f rom
the river; Oregon Burbanks, ,$130@l 60; Ore
gon Garne,t Chiles. $1 33(K1. 60; River Reds,
5O@l(5t>; Early Rose, fdr'seed, $1 50® I 70;
Burbanks, 1 for seed, !fl 25^1 45; Sweets,
?1 50 for Merced. " .
• - ONlONS-^Oregons. $2^2 25, : ftrst hands;
Australian, '$a@a 25; Green' Onions, 50@t'ua
per box. .-..':-. ' - . ¦ . >:'•:.: ¦¦''-''-.•- ' ' '¦ i
- -.VEGETABLF.S — Asparagus. l**g30c per 1b;
Rhubarb, *8@1 2 !<jc; Green I'nas from Los An
geles,, 5@Sc; "String Beans from .Los Angeles,
8(8150, Wax ; | Cabbage'. 4OfgC>0c . per
cti;Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 ~5@l CO per box
and $l-. r i0<?2 -par crate; Mexican Tomatoes,
$1.50tfr2 per box " for repacked ; Dried Peppers,
JS'AiTilfic .per 1b; Los Angeles do, l£$17)4c;
Dried Okra lU'i^lfie. per lb; Carrots. :Ws 50c
per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, ?1@1 25 per
dozen for large and' 00®70c for small; Garlic,
J l '4i&2'4c: Los Angeles . Ureen Peppers, 1S@
JJOc; ;BIexlcan. do.-,12'4@t5o; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, • Summer Squash, from Los
Angeles, $1 r>0@2; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $S@10; MOshrooms,
25c@?l 50 per box.. ¦> \ ¦ . • .. • - ...
Poultry' and Game.
f Receipts of California ..were very* light , and
air prices*- 1 remained the. same. One . car of
Eastern Live was placed on the market and
BOld Off well. •'-' : ¦;'•-¦ :
-. Receipts of Game . were 10 sacks. IlareWnet
With a strong "demand' and sold at higher
prices. Rabbits : and Snipe continue . to bring
good prices, but -Geese are not wanted. - .
V POULTRY — Dressed' Turkeys, , 18@20c; Live
Turkeys, .13@14c for Gobblers arid 14@15c for
glens'! -Geese, .per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2
@2 25;; Ducks.' $5®5 50 for old and $6@7 for
young; lien?,. $4 50^5 -50; young Rodsters, $6<gr
7: old Roosters. >$t$4 50: FryersA ?5<g5 60;
Broilers; $4 50@5. for ! large and $« 50@4 for
small; Pigeons, $X'50 per dozen tor old and
$2 75(j?.". for Squabs. - . .
GAME— Hare, $1®! 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $2@
2 50; White Geese, 50c@:$l; Brant, 7*>c@$2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe, $2; Robins, nominal. , •
market was firm; creameries, lS">©2.c;' dairies,
lSViffKMc. .* Cheese, firm, • 10@12Wc. ..Eggs.
panicky and : broke badly: frc^h, 25c,
THE f SAN FRANCISCO CiVLL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1902.
Chicago Grain Market:
11
Loccil stocks and bonds dull and unchanged.
Exchange and Silver as before quoted.
Wheat and Barley lozcer again and weak.
Oats, Corn and Rye still quiet. .
Bran and Rolled Barley declined. Middlings unchanged.
Ha\ weak under the rains, but no loiver.
nc:c in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions in liberal supply and weak.
Butter firm and Cheese steady. ¦
Eggs weak, zcith accumulating supplies.
Provisions lower at Chicago and dull here.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Oranges in fair demand and steady..
Lemons and Limes unchanged.-
Potdtry in light supply and firm.
Nkv York Stock Market. '
NEW YORK. -Feb. 24.— The stock market
*sr.lt back ag&in Int., Uie prufewiona} traders'
!,an<3s to-day and there was no Important move
ment, cscppt in a few ttocks of email rall
icafis and hi some of the mlaor Industrie. The
declines estabHkhe<* i or American stocks in
London since the close her* on Friday nXt<tr
noo 'V* j ad . to faw<! Mite openlne. . Thl«
caused a lower level at firrt than on last Fri
day, but price* were et no time down to the
Linden parity and they «oon Ixean to recover.
in spite of selling ftn arbitrage on London ac
count at thr advance. Tb» confidence that the
fvjprfmf- < ourt would refuse- jurisdiction In
Mlnrwfi&tsii *ult wii.M (!„¦ Northern S«-url-
U-'" .S onujan »'- which has lj«v*n firmly beld m
Washington for three wwib, was unimpaired
thJ.* i-K.rninc. and the trader* did dome of their
buying on that bael*. Th* announcement ot the
¦leriirion by the court failed to attract any out
«idc- demand and the effort* <jf ireders to take
their profits r-auM-d a reaction 1n the market
and nn eary cloetnK. The d*ilKiun of the ad
minlKtratlon to push the oase ' against the
Northern Securities jCoiapany drjirlv«»d the other
*uit of much. of^ Hi Important*, but. the fact
Y»ciainn that tmt one pomsible courte of yiKkav"
?"• aga!n«rt 11m» comiyny !« closed by this' <lo
ri.-iun and a ku-ji thui ««-lii»-v«ti toward the: er
tkt:iii:ujcDt of Uie ci'ii:i'»'-i"'= etatue. It is K-n-
AUCTION!!! AUCTION!!!
. ir>0 bead of POT7ND CARRIAGE WORK
AND SADDLK HORSEt*: well-matched teams,
gentle t^nd ready, to drive; smttabte for draft-
and delivery work; 110O to ir.50 lbs.; 5 to *•
years. Horses at yard. Sale takes place -
THURSDAY,- *EB. 27, 1902.
Owing to the increased demand for this sec-
ond consignment of D. Miner's horses, we find
it necessary to m^k« two\ separate sales on
Thursday. Feb 27. 75 hea.T will be offered for
sale at 11 a. m.. and 75 head at S p. m.
By electric light.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
'* 721-723 Howard St., Near Tlird, S. F.
WILLIA3IG. LATNG, Livestock Auctioneer.
COAST. AUCTION COM PAN V. S03 Sutter «t..
will sell FRIDAY, February 2S. IW2. by
order of ilr. C!eo. H. Gamble, s«venty-8v«
high-class water color pain* ins:-, by \V. • G.
von Berwyn. The • above painttnsa will bs
¦ on exhibition ot salesrooms Monday. Tu»s-
• day, Wednesday and Thursday prec^-Jing
day <>f sale. This will be a raro opportunity
to- obtain such high-class art at public »uc~-
tlon and all art lovers shoul.1 take advan-
tage of this *aie. as all paintings wilt hs
eold that are listed in catalogue to the hiali-
*" est bidder. Descriptive catalogues,- giving
nam*3 and numbers of each painting, will
be furnished to all attending exhibition and
sale. BREEN & FINCH. Auctioneers.
.H.d. SHALMOUNT & CO.,
312 and 314 X>avia st., commission merchants,
wholesale dealers in all kinds of farm and
rtalry products. Boxes to shippers.
Prompt returns and highest market price guar-
anteed: . ¦ -
AUCTION SALESTHE; SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, "l«us.
12
R^IPLOYi^R^T . WASTED— FEMALE. I
A;STRONG youn'5 woman "v/lshe's housework by'
-^tlip s.day r sleep at home preferred. / Call ; at
st. : . ¦ .' ¦ ". : " ¦ ;-'" ' :¦'¦¦¦'•'' "¦"
STRONG ;^-oung-: woman ' wants ' work ; by, day ;
,-,, washing. tironing- and house cleaning. Apply
l .'fl73 liuas-'st:.-,- .-.••¦¦-.',- ,.-¦ -¦¦¦¦¦.:¦-
•YOUNG' Swedish girl wants position. to do gen-
. eral housework. ¦ Call ; at 14 Moss, bet. Sixth
: , and ¦ Seventh, off -Howard. . • •;.-'¦.;¦•'-
'GERMAN lady, wants work by clay; laundry
i; work or ; cloanihg. ¦ ¦ 39 Dorland/ off Guerrero.
COMPETENT" girl wants situation as general
housev/ork ; is a ¦ good cook ; best , reference.
*?;CaU 4U Ivy ave. ,, : ;>,,. . - ¦ ..¦¦.¦*¦:<¦
A' MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
.- housekeeper. -. Call at 320 Minna Bt:
AN i experienced woman wants, work in restau-
f. rant or boarding-house from 10 to 3 to ; wait j
»• or ' inside in kitchen. Call or address 9
.'.? Tehama-st. ' - '- .
GERMAN « woman wishes a few more- places
for, washing.' ironing and housecleanlng. Ap-
ply 77 Ninth st. ¦ - t .•-•>':',-¦'-...' : .. I
RESPECTABLE ¦' young woman * wishes light
, housework for 2 or 3 adults; moderate waget>;
no ipostals.--, 731v Laurel >¦ ave.,' off- Buchanan
: . \st..r, bet. Eddy and Turk. :¦ , ¦ ' — -
WANTED — S°amstrcss would like a few more
- engagements by the day. MISS* B. GRAUF-
. FEL. 45 Franklin st.
A' COMPETENT woman for general housework;
is a good cook. • Apply at 515 Ninth St.. Oak-
land. .-.¦/ . , ... - -,-..., ':¦ -. -.-¦
YOUNG; girl wishes situation to work In store.
Apply 4. Wolfe 'st. ;v . -y-
YOUNG Swiss lady, wants a position for'up-
stairs work . and r sewing; - city . references.
• Please state ' name and wages. Address D.
E... 40 Collingwood st.
DRESSMAKING, $1 75 . per day. 492 Four-
teenth. st.;Phone Capp 3202. . :
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
• ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 Aveek;- convenient and respectable; free
; bus and baggage to.'and frpm ferry. .•¦'..• ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
\ received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMEKT WASTED— MALE. '
YOUNG man, 28 1 years, speaks French, - Ger-
. man, Italian, Bbenish . and English, . .wishes
* .position as correspondent : or traveling: pre-
••' Xerredi.has traveled for many years through
- South America and Europe. Box 4064. Call.
BY March 1st, middle-aged" man wants light:
.work 1 of. any kind in country; has good-ref-
'erences. Box 4000, Call. ¦'¦* : '¦'"¦- r
A YOUNG Irishman. with excellent references
seeks a" steady position about private place
: In' city or country: can milk, make butter,.
¦woik incubators, raise chickens, do a little
. gardening,, etc. i Box 4061, Call. '."..¦ '.--'¦' •
BARTENDER by trade wishes position; flrst-
class house preferred. • Box 4075. Call.
MAN will drive and care for one or two horses.
Box' 3K78 ;. Call. ¦'¦ . • . ' ..-¦¦¦-
YOUNG man of 'neat appearance j washes po-
; sition as butler, valet and housework;/ good
'reference. Box 4078, Call.. ' •
WANTED — A situation around private resi-
dence an gardener; --understands care • of
horses; is' a good driver and handy with
• tools. .'613 Montgomery st. . / . ¦
A PRACTICAL miller of 25 years' experience,
- with first-class references from mill owner,
wishes .situation as first or second miller.
Address HERMAN, box 3856. Call office. .
COLLECTOR wants position with some reliable
firm ; can give Al references. Address M. C.
. G/. 211 Fifth st.; Oakland. ,
'BUTTERMAKER wants • position ; 22 years'
• practical experience In building, repairing
and operating ' creameries. Address box 4024.
' :- Call <«f flee. ¦- -'¦:¦ ¦:¦ ' ¦¦ ' ' /-;.- > •-¦ . 1,
POSITION as' porter. ¦ wrapper or assistant
packer by March 1. Address N. LINTON,
; 435"4 Minna gt. :- .¦'¦¦'¦ - ¦ " ¦
YOUNG man, first-class masseur,- would I like
¦¦ position in baths or parlors. Box 4049, Call.)
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants position- in
flrst-class family; 'city or. country; best of
references. Address 400 Dupont st. ;• phone
John 1051. ¦-•¦.-¦. ¦
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes- situation: as a
schoolboy; call ; 'by mail. H. IWASAKI,
'Oisoya Hotel, 810*6 Stockton St.. S. r.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation in family
as schoolboy. H., 414^ Stevenson st. ' \
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscrlctiona has- been established at 1096
. Valencia st. - - ' ¦>. ¦-
. ..'.": ¦•¦-FINANCIAL. •'¦•".¦
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed ; stock tal-en . In payment
for services; -good^propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT, CO.. U. & licensed
.Etock brokers. 326, Post Bt.x ¦,....'.¦. p.-*
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
. have 42 .offices -in operation; new method of
¦placing stocks and bonds; companies lncor-
, porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
"or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS* TO LET." :
A. s SUNNY roonis.'bath; every modern conve-
•* nience: 4 car lines; warm belt Mission;' $32 50,
' reduced from $40. A/ M.' SPECK & CO., 667
, Market- gt.,- - -• '';' ¦--•.•..-"-••-
A— SUNNY; 5 and 6 rooms;. 2 gas grates; 753
'¦'¦ to 765 Sixth ave. ;- McAllister. Geary or Sut-
ter st. cars; reduced rents. A. M. SPECK &
CO., -667 Market st. ' •
A — COZY; 5 to 8 rooms,' facing Golden Gate
Park: 5C9 to 520 Frederick st s , near Stanyan.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. .667 -Market Bt.
MODERN sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath. Cor.
Eighth ave. and Clement at..; Richmond.
' FLATS, TO LET— FCRSISHED.
GOLDEN GATE ave., • 1517 — Parlor floor, . 4
rooms, piano, garden,- $25; lower one, 2 rms.,
pantries, closets, water free.- $15; see 1 to 4.
' FURXITDRE FOR SALE. ~~
'4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 B0, with No. 7.
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
SOLID oak Windsor, folding bed, chiffonier,
'--:.'. washstand and large mirror., 410 Jersey st
MINNA. 466%. rear house — Furniture/ of 4
¦rooms, including beds/bedding, etc.
FOR sale— Furniture of 6-room flat. $450; $200
- cash. 156 Eddy .st. . ¦: :¦-,'«¦-
FURNITURE WANTED. 1 .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1351.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACKfcuede glove; best In the world;
warranted:. kept. in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP ¦WANTED— -FEMALE.
WANTED— German second girl, $25; first-class
laundress. $35; 4^ cooks, no wash, $30; 3
: nursegirls, young, $15-$20; 4 second girls,
$20-$25 ; parlor maid, ; $25 ; maid and , seam-
' stress, $30; 6 hotel waitresses -to go south,
$^0-$25; waitress -Institution. • S20; - J10u.se-
work,2 in family, no washing. $25; 2 cham-
bermaids, wait one meal, $20; 40 girls, for
1 ' all kinds of housework in city/Oakland, San
Rafael, at $20-$25-$30; call . early. ;, J, F.
. CROSETT & CO.,' 334 Sutter st .
TVfO ' more.' waitresses, tsanta Barbara, $25.
free fare. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 330
: Geary st.' 1 ;;^;-,; ''¦[ .- - y:: '¦'/¦¦¦ '-'¦ ."¦- '¦¦'
COOK. $30; eecond girl/ $25, small family, Bel-
vedere; also cook, San Rafael, $30; houseglrl.
$25; San Rafael, see allla41es here. MRS.
JJ, E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st. -,
PLAIN laundress, . hotel. Arizona, $25, . free
¦fare. MRS. M. E..-DAY.& CO., 335 Geary.
GERMAN cook, f: . . . . . ..'... ¦". . .... . .$30 to $35
Protestant waitress, ¦ country. ;: .'. . . . . . . ;.$:i0
• Infant's: nurse ..;..'. ........:.'.. '.$30
- French . governess •¦:'. ..........:....,.'.... .*>"5
',-.'} German nursery governess. .".: .......... . .825
J ' French -nurse and 'seamstress. /. .:.;. ....$25
:' French «econd ¦-. and' sewing. . ...... . .... ...$25
! Girls for housework./. ."....-.¦....$20 and $25
„ : -- • LEON 'ANDRE; . 316 , Stockton st. '.
'A— SCANDINAVIAN or German girl ! for- cook
¦and general housework,'* no - washing, about
'•', SO to 35 years "of -age, -wages $25. ; Apply 233
/Third' ave., Richmond District/-; Sutter. or.
...'Geary.'sti. cars., r ¦.'.'-'¦-. • .. ' ¦• ; ¦ ,'
SALESLADIES "wanted for shirt, waist depart-
"j, ment; '.only v« those -who' had -experience in
' . flrst-class- city , stores -need apply. 'Call .be-
' t ween 5 • and 6 p. ' m. ' Tuesday, I. M AGNIN
''¦"'&".• CO..J 918-922 Market; st ¦"; .-;..¦;¦' .--,.. "¦.,'.-
WANTED— Middle-aged lady : to care for ; lit-
- -tie boy/and do', light- housework 5 while '.the
'/: moi her : goes , to -business; sleep home. 309
; ¦ Fierce ¦' st..' ¦-. corner :' Page. ;» .' : - ' . : -.,.- "/.- ' ¦ T', :.
WANTED — Experienced ' girl -.1 for : candy fac-
-¦; tory; ¦ one": living? In'. Western .Addition ¦ \>v^
•f erred. Apply at GENDAR'S, 1S04 Devisadero.
WANTED — Girl' or ..woman, to assist with, light
> . •; housework and ;: cooking tin '¦-. small family.
'•-.rCall .at 1 2664:, Twenty-second: st. ;. ;\-.'-. : .' ""."'.
uWILL ; pay. cash -'and'' good; prices 'for old eeal-
,- '. skins'. / Andres8 at once, will call, anywhere
25 ; miles of city, box 3276. Call office.
GIRL' for.- general (housework/ $20.:/ Call' rriorn-
I -. Ings 1 or, after -4' p. ,rn..'- 2967 > Howard st.' ¦¦¦--'.
: PLAIN cooking, and l general ' housework/;- 1410
: .V. O'Farrell -s-t:.--/; '. .;',>, ''^'¦" : \', :^-. J A '¦".. . ' - > .
I GIRL" '.for Chouse work, plain; , home" washing.
|.'-.j-in20 Sutter I st.',; near i Flllmore. ¦;¦'.' :
j EXPERIENCED • girls f<ir~Tookblnding. GA->
jv.; BRIEL, Printing Co.,'^419 Sacramento st. -.
'PRESSER'oh'ladlep', shirt, waists, •.steady work.
i .BAUER BROS. CO.'., 21 Sansome st.
y HELr WAyTED—FEMALE—Con: ;
YOUNG lady musicians on : various instruments
¦ to Y jo/n tins t amateur: orchestra. Bex 4059,
• ¦¦'- Call '. office'. V ¦•'¦•,.<¦•..¦¦ ¦ ~. : -
GIRLS-from 15 to 17 Cor factory work.* Apply'
at once. .AMES & HARRISM00' Sacramento."
GIRL for general housework; good wages. 1 Cdt-
. tage, 1705Baker_ st. .. '
WANTED — First-class talloress on coats; good
-wages; steady position. .112 Kearny, room' 7.
WANTED — Girl for. housework and plain cook-
'. . ing; ;'4 in family. 2024 Bush St.
WANTED— Girl for general ¦ housework; plain'
cooking. '., 1626 Vallejo st. .
WANTED— Light ' housekeeper. Box 4079,
Call office. ". . . , : . ¦.'¦;. '
GIRL -or 1 middle-aged woman to assist light
housework.- $S. Apply 1314 Jackson st
GIRL to ' assist v in general housework; small
.."¦ family. .1 013 Golden Gate ave..-.i. .- 1 . r .
WANTED — Girl for light housework';' good
home. 84 -Harriet st. - ~
GIRL for housework and cooking; 3 In family.
jj S23Fillmore St., lower flat.
WANTED — Girl to assist j In general house-
. work.- -. 791 McAllister st., nr. Octavla.
WANTED — An. experienced ¦'• tucker; steady
:work. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market sf
OPSRATORS at Lev! Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32"A Fremont St.; no experience
• necessary; good pay;- steady work,. Appl>
to. MR. DAVIS. „:
WANTED — Immediately 3 ambitious, girls to
learn, halrdresslng from A to ' Z in 2 weeks
¦ and take charge of private customers where
you can earn $50 per month; course $5. Col-
lege. 233 Geary. st.. rooms 13-15.
A ' GERMAN woman, as governess;-- state, re-
; llgion; salary $30. Box 2994, Call office. ¦.-
LADY free- from home cares can secure perma-
nent position by addressing box 4070, Call.
GIRL for cooking and housework for two. Ap-
' ply 1922 Baker St.. mornings. ' . ] .- " ;
EXPERIENCED hands on -Infants' • and Chil-
, dren'a dresses. - 220 Sutter St., room ' 25.'
GIRL to learn glove making;' good opportunity..-
CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market st. . -,¦ = •¦• •
BOOKFOLDERS ; • also apprentice wanted.
¦ Bookbindery, ¦ 536 ; Clay st: . , ' . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office 1 , 2200 Flllmore.
• ; HELP; ¦.WASTED— MALE. ,
A— MURRAY& READY .Phone Main 5S48
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..,.
;-. .........OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M....v<:...
Blacksmith and run gasoline engine for
ranch, $50 and found.. ........ .*.. ..........
Boltmaker and run riveting machine, • $3 50
day . . . ; . .i
.FORA NEW SAWMILL' CO.
5 more woodsmen, $40 and found: spool tender,'
$52 and. found; edger man, $46 and found;
, lumber carman, $40 and found; 3 lumber
' ; pliers, $40 and found; 5 laborers,' no experi-
ence, $35 and found.....
............ MISCELLANEOUS ... .
Coachman,- private . place, ¦ references $35:
farmer and . wife, $40 and found, - see : boss
- here; 3 miners,' south, good mine, : $67 50;
.married laborer, mine; man and wife, private
place;. 5 laborers, no experience, city work,
$1 75 and $2 day. /
2 milkers, same dairy, north, $35 and found;
27 farm hands, pruners, choremen and boys,
etc. : -
, ............ WOODCHOPPERS- . . ~. .:
250 woodchoppers for new camp, j 80c to $1 50
cord/virgin timber; 50 tiemakers, same
camp,- cheap fares; 20 -men to cut shingle
bolts, $1 50 cord, tools furnished. . ...........
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT....:.....
". Cook, springs hotel, year around, $50 and
found; 3 cooks, summer and mountain re-
sorts; man to help behind a lunch counter,
. $30 and -found; cook, small saloon, v $9 week;
8 second cooks; 5 waiters; second waiter; 9
dishwashers; kitchen help and, porters.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ATC.R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary et.
: New railroad rework .'free fare
Wanted-f-100 tunnelmen, header and corner-
men, machine men, drillers and muckers, for
- the big tunnel at Chatsworth Park
4. $2 to $2 SO a day
./......../..... For Nevada
50 teamsters $2 a day
60 rockmen.'. 7".'. /'. .............. .V, .$2 a day
; 50 laborers ....$2 a day
. Ship Dally ..-
Free fare. .- . . .free fare
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT.//.' .". ....
French or Italian chef , for restaurant, $100:
bight clerk and barkeeper and do waiting,
country hotel, $45; second cook, city, $70;
broiler, $70.....'...-
Kitchen and .dining-room, steward, . country
hotel. $75 to $100 .........-.....;....:...
: .Iron er.- hotel laundry, country, $40 and f d *
! C, R. .HANSEN fc CO... .....104 Geary st.
CARRIAGE setter for mill. $60; man about
-, place, $30 and found; groom, $30 and found;
'. . gardener, $40; 2 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord;-
. 2 men and wives, $30 and $40 and found;
r Portuguese . milker, $30 -and found; tiemak-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st. , ! -,
BUTLER, $50 and found; bread baker for
country, $12 < week and • found and increase;
1 hotel waiter. $25: restaurant porter; restau-
rant cook, $70, and others. J. p\ CROSETT
6 CO., -623 Sacramento st.
AT : W. D. '• EWER & CO.'.S. 610 Clay et.—
i Coachman and garden work, country, $25; 2
milkers/ small strings, $27 50 and $25; man
I and wife, Dr|vate/place, $30; strong boys for
factory. $7*50 and $6 a. week: piano player
and sing, countrj', $00; coolt^ for institution.
$40; cook for passenger boat, $45; laborer
•for foundry, $1 75 a day; modeler for press
bricks 'for Spokane. .', . - ;
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. . -.- - ,-x
Attendant for Institution. $25; butler, $50;
butler, $40; broiler, $70; cook, $40; pastry
cook, $40; waiter, $35; ypung man to help
.waiting, country, $20; etc.
A — FIRST-CLASS coachman, care 4 horses and
drive, ¦ $35. . room and board : must have ref- •
erences. MRS. M. E. DAY &CO.. 335 Geary.
SALESMAN for upholstery, curtains, etc., by
1 one of the best houses In town; man of good
appearance/address and record. Apply, to-
day 9 o'clock or after, C. V, ROWE, Com-
mercial and ' Professional. Employment Of-
fice, 18 Montgomery st., S. F. All seeking
business engagements should register. - .
WANTED — An experienced salesman, must be
a young man of pleasing appearance, good
addr€*s, for a wholesale- millinery house;
must come well recommended. Apply box
4076,. Call, stating salary expected. , " • :
MASTER ! barbers — Regular, meeting of Master
Barbers' Assn. this evening at 102 O'Fa.rrell
st. at : 8:30 o'clock. All - members requested
t to be present. Business of great importance
w'.ll be discussed. S. HELLER. Sec.
ERRAND boy; -14 or 15 years; light office du-
ties; reside with parents; references required
for honesty and respectability.- Address' B.
Box 4077. Call. .' ,¦;..-¦ . .
TEN boys, 15 years old, for manufacturing
concern; after school and Saturdays; salary;
¦ give -full particulars. Box 4051, Call..
W ANTED— Good , all-around tailor to go to
¦ country: near-by - town. : Call DET1IER
WOOLEN CO.; 643 Market St. •
THREE live agents to handle best and quick-
est seller on s the market; call early. N Y
Novelty. Co., room 1. 99o Market st; , . .
DENTIST— First-class; shares; permanent If
. satisfactory. Address box 3652. Call office
Oakland,. Cal. , , '
WANTED— Bright boy about 15 or 16 years
/for general work in store. MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market: st. •' -, '; .-.- ¦¦ ...
PRESSERS on gent3' clothing; steady J posi- ¦
• ' tion. Golden Went Renovatory, 12 Montgom-
,ery st. -' . ; ¦ ¦ . : -. . .
BARBER, ' steady, for short hours. 70S Mc-
, Alllster st. ' . ; -
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.. In-
qulre REISS BROS. &CO.. 24 Sutter St. \
COATMAKERS wanted. BELASCO- & HAR-
IRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
¦ E^rL KA -' pay and pension claims filed by O. E.
v* HOWE, attorney. 630 AtarKet st.
WANTED— Bright boy to'work in hat factory.
Apply 20 Second St. _' . ' ' ; - , •
INTELLIGENT boy; no evening work." -D.:C.'
V HEGER.- 723 Market st.. ; room 111. :'¦ ' v"
BOS'; some experience; In printing office. 543
•"Clay .St."; - - :¦ -:; ¦
Shoemaker on repairing af 791 Mis-
sion st. ;;¦ steady^ work. ' • .
WANTED— Strong, young boy, to .learn baker
• trade.;' 516. Hayes St.- '.-.'• ' ; . '
BARBER- shop:', 2 chairs; ' cheap if taken at
I -once. y.D.'STOLTZ, ,723 Market st. - .-,. "
• SHOP - to let— Barber ; just i vacating; best lo-
.: cality ; " rent chean. ' *_l CKJ5 Guerrero st.' *
WANTED — Steady .: man. with * $125 ' cash ; : • no
experience ! required ; l permanent .place ;.. will
¦ pay $05 per month. -Apply 1016 Mkt.y r.- 10.
YOUNG I man to ; do choses around : small '¦ place
.: in ',. Alameda .County; good , home ; j - $5- , per
; : month. : Box3S&3,: Call office. '•
WAN.TED^-Good -/• barber/. -424 Eleventh" st.'
'• Oaklard. .:....'/' . >--.. ; • , .-_ -.'.....
-WANTED-^Experienced 2 domestic ' salesman.'
¦.'.", Apply, between, Sand .ll,,a...th.. at :HALK
, ¦BHOS.'.V:./:,':;,.'..-.;-, '•-,•.,•.'. '^..-J- . ¦„ 'a
WANTED— Experienced ; silk and -dress" goods
; salesman. Apply -between S and: 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.',., v .; . ..." ; ¦'% /•
ENGRAVING apprentice; no salary. untll : rudi-
ments 'trade '¦ acquired. -; Pacific '. Engraving
Co.. 702 Market st. ' - «
TU'«f\'F\«S'. CM *, VrKS— C"-*»'_»V2jr!llii, I
! JOSEPH STRACBi. ' . . \\
£50 Market St., corner Stockton. - ¦
WBjUliiipBMiAIHIiaJIfcgj/ Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. «-.',:"¦• - -
.: . ; Property Bought and. Sold.
Rents Collected. . ' ¦ • ' '.- • ;-.
Loans Negotiated.'
Legitimate Business
. ¦ ¦ . -. , . : ' Agent.
\K— KREDO & CO.. 14. Flood building. :
A Rare Opportunity. . .-.8Ui) Market st.-
A — $250; cor. grocery -and bar, with 4 sunny
rooms: rent ?25; good bar tiade. ,: - ;
A— $000; cor. grocery e*d' bar: worth $1000;
account of sickness; prosperous • business.
$£>00 — CanOy mfg. and icecream; !|<1j n <lay.
SS50 — Candy mlg. and icecrzam: downtown.
?75 — Bakery, candy and notions;, rent $10.'
y.i!>i) — Restaurant; $450 — Chophouse. ¦¦.--...--. -
?i:"H»0— Partner, formfg. bus. KREDO & CO.
A — 10 CIGAR 6tand«; prices $75 " to $1500;
profits *2 to $S- dally; rents $0 to $125 month.
I can sell you 'a first-class f-tand at Invoice.
'C. L. HEDGES. 4til-4C2 Parrctt building,
825 Market £t. ' .' ' . ;
$U500— LIVERY and feed stable; well stocked:
old established; hasn't changed hands for, 7
years; owner retlrins:' on account*- of other
business. ' RETSLOFF, & CO.. 908 Market st.
A — $SCO: PARTNER wanted: i suited to steady
young man f.atiffieU with $1S to $25 a week;
no experience required **rv trial given befoit
; buying. 25 Geary st;,. room 4.: ¦ \ . .
$20C— PARTNER wanted :*good place for stcajy
young man. » 40 Eilis st., room 31...
53757-WORTH $5W; restaurant; ' receipts $l-S
day; clears $100 month or no, sale; biggest
snap on earth. BROWN. 1221 Market St.
THE t-H lmon cannery business is the ' most
pi-cfitable bueiness in the world.-: If you do
'. not know this to be a fact call uoon our
', agent in your city and let him tell you about
It. - The Interstate Fisheries Comnany . of
Seattle. Wash.. Incorporated under the laws
of that State, making its stock fully paid
and absolutely non-assessable, offer a limited
amount of its ftock to you at 15 cents per
share and gay positively to you that the next
1 block goes at 25 cents. Look into it at once.
INTERSTATE FISHERIES -COMPANY. :J02-
iio:' Pacific block, Seattle. Wash., or branch
. office, ERWIN & CO., 1104 Market St.. room
' 3. San Francisco,. Cal.
GENTLEMAN with small Capital, speaking
English, German, French and Spanisii; thor-
ough bookkeeper; extensive European - and
South American experience; desires ' employ-"
ment or partnership. Address box 403J. .Call.
OUR -"Compounding System" of turf, specula-
tion 4s the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly ' profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st.
$600 — WANTED — A- partner for good profitable
¦ manufacturing- business; small capital, little
experience required: call and- see me at once.
I 1224 Dupont St. ' .-
FARTNER wanted; a * great opportunity for
right man; to act as salesman on ladies' cus-
tom garments, or tailor. M. P.. box 4039,
Call office. -. . • ' .
! CIGAR stan"! ; water' front. .204 East St.; $225
If taken to-day; departure Alaska. . ,
For sale— Printing office: worth $1200; next "0
days §500. 1OG» Broadway, r. 15. Oakland.
FOR sale — Restaurant in the Mission; estab-
lished 15 years. Box 3S20. Call-office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALK
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.., \
-,.-. ¦- • Reliable Agents.
906 Market street. . .
_- — • Phone John 531.
¦ Money to loan.
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS THIS WEEK. '
We offer any of the following on easy terms.
No trouble to show houses. ¦. ,
Horse""and buggy at disposal of customer.
Call — We have many others not advertised.
7-room flat: Ellis st.: only./ $500
150 'rooms; "^ interest for I sale. 8000
G5 rooms; Market St.; clears 5300. .. . . .4000
14 rooms; Geary tt.: clears $90.......... 1400
10 rooms; mortgaged; make effer.
70 rms.; elegant; long, lease; clears $400. 8000
10 rooms; selling on account of death.. 400
20 rooms;, clears J125; payments. ../.'.. .V1OOO
25 rooms: clears $140; only U350
1(J rooms; Eddy st. ; reduced to. • 000
5 rooms; flat; . bargain. ..:.-. ... .. .... • 200
22 rooms: 3d st.; clears $100; payments. 700
10 rooms; Jones st. corner: only. .275
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 300
CS rooms; corner; clears $400 3500
17 rooms; clears ?75; only .'250
19'rooms; rent $40; clears $60.- 450
13 rooms; very good; rent- S50 "50
A. H. RETSLOKF & CO.; phone John 531.
. 906 Market st., cor. Ellis, - room 12.-
A — Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GRIFFIN, 71S Market St., rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale . on easy terms. Please call.
$15y— A centrally located rooming-house. In
: - - good' condition Jor a smalt family to :
"¦?.•.-•.. make •» living; clean; low rent;, a. re-
spectable house that must be sold. - |
$600— A fine modern . dwelling of 10 rooms;
full of elegant mahogany and cherry fui-
¦ nlture and Brussels; 'carpet, brand 'new
and cost $1200; sunny side; quiet, respect- '
able; $250 down.- bal. on time. :¦ •-.-.»-•:,
$3000 — A splendid, quiet house;, good location;
• clears $140 month; permanent people.- i
$6000 — Best apartment house in San Francisco! '
Clears $:'C0 month! New. 6 months' ago!';
An elegant proposition! No. 'cards fWen.-
A — WANTED at once! A high-class rooming-
house, well .furntshed; must be a' modern
building with good entrance: must have 40 to
- fcO rocms and be priced at from $4000 ' to
$0000 and worth the money; must be In the
locality bounded by Van Ness, Mason/ Geary
and California; I can sell such- a houss al
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
"Winston & wolf. ...... :^: . .1 . .: ...'.......
1026 Market st -....1026 Market st. '
(Photograph. Gallerj' 'Entrance.) : -"--. - '
20 rooms, rent $60; must. sell. '...'..$1100
20 rooms, rent $65; good location . .. -850.
26 rooms/rent $75; near Sutter st 1700
29 rooms, rent $75; -offices; good.....*. .. 140O
40 rooms, rent $75- see this. i. .'....*..... 1700
We Have Many More Such/Bargains.
DONALD INVESTMENT "COMPANY,. '
SbO Market et (Inc.)... .Plone ., Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels.
business chances and - real ! estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A— McDANIEL, SKIRM & CO.. ' 7~~~
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
•Following only a few of our bargains: r
14 rooms, newly furnished;- clears $90; Al
' location: on Markefet.; only $1700.
. 23 rooms: elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only; modern building; must sell,
22 room*: Howard; rent $52 50; only $800.
Money loaned at lowest rates. '
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~~r ~
SSO Market St. and 8 Stockton Et..-.
Rooms 21. 22. 2-"'. Phone Bush 32S."
¦ If you have hotels, rooming-houses cr business
to tell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you: have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; All sizes and prices; In all parts' of city.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market; phone Red 3433.
Buyers for lodgine-houses: call and see our
large list, from $300 to $6000; fair and hon-
rst trade; fellers, list your houses with ua
forq'jlfck' sale.
ADAMS. '& CO.", 1035 Market St.— Roomlng-
houses. all sizes and prices: business
chances, chicken ranches, country property;
houses, lots: sell or trade: square dealing.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
pizes and prices, in all parts of the city;-get
rftir list first. MITCHELL & CO..' 1200 Markt
.SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER,- world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c." 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 11C4 Q-Fa.rrell st^ Ellis car. ¦-.
MME. Maxwell: meetlm to-nlglit; convincing
tests.; Frl.. Swan. - 1238 Howard ; read, dally.
W. G. KEEGAN holds solrltual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148. Sixth.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night; 6C5 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.-
MISS- Dlo Renne. blindfolded psychic,- this
evening, S. .773 'O'Farrell St.. readings daily.;
ABBIE Harland; readings. 50c, $1. 132 Sixth-
circle to-night. Thurs.. Frl.; prophetic tests.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S \ Ellis: readings dally;
phone .Polk 1001: seance Sunday and Thurt..
FRIENDSHIP Hall. r,5 McAllister— Mrs. C." J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night; -10c.
i CLAIKVOYAMS. ; > : . V-
MME. M. BERNARD?"™" ¦¦ r ~^ ' ".
I the famous , '";.•,:;
Clalnoyant and business medium/permanently
j located -at 17, Third .st.. next Examiner, bldg
¦ She reads your. life correctly, gives an accurate
j description cf the past." reveals the present hap--
I p«nings and, portrays events to occur. in the-fu-
j ture. If you are' In ' trouble,-" discontented ,un-
] happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic
} love or. busings troubles. Corsult this great tm-
drum and you -will ba told how to -overcome
them. Valuable advice iij all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction , guaranteed. ¦ 1 Tel. -; Black ; 45(:9.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE." the well-known trance
medium, ie. permanently, located at:I20(i Mar-
ket Et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms. 25 and
. 2<5; take ; elevator. <Perfect fatisfaction «uar-
antf-ed l.y-mail: 'send . stamp for /pamph'ie'
, - with special terms. -Daily and Sunday, i -;-'.'
MME. ARNDT. the preat clairvoyant.' tells past,
-.future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
-secret: shows picture future husband or wife-
fee, 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody';'
op^n Sundays: hours.-. 10 to S p. m. 23 5 14 ; 6th.
MRS.'MALI^ORY, 1M7 Howard, clairvoyant' and
< ¦ ypirlt card rt-aderi consult «nj?: L..25c,'G.' 5Oc.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller:' truth
.or no pay; 25c, 50c. 704 Howard St., cor.' 3d.
: _ \C.T.\tn,VO V » \TS— r.n^ti^-iril.\ . ¦ ._!.
ISi'AR. the • Egyptian - Gypsjv. 'clairvoyant! and
palmist. -permanently located IMS Market,* o|>--
posite S.ixih; private readings' flaily, 10 a.m.
to -5 p. in. ; Sundays from 30 V) *2.a._ »V *..
A— MISS M. ¦.WILLE.-.T2O.V Ellis; clairvoyant.'
crystal seer; reads your life correctly. v/Ithout*
.ques.; fullt.namcs; 50c-$l: 10 a. m.;.to 8 p. m.-
MRS. -BROWN.i clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
, t 2oc: gents 50c; readings 'daily.. 132- Sixth eL
MME. WALTERS, creat card reader; :1a. -Re-
gents COc. *>51 MIgslon, hr.Ctli: open Sundays:
MME. Odell, clalr\-oyant, - tells past,, present. &
future. L. 25c; G. 00c 242 Minna,- upstairs.
50c. $1— Prof. WelierT clairvoyant/ palmist, card:
. reader;mail orders -.stamp for circ. 1007*4 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from .1" to 8. ".,262 Minna st.. nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant/ water
re.ader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 15(53.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy €6 407,Q'Farre11.
MME. -RAVENNA' reads life' - fluently' business
advice; names;given; 2.">c;up. 5 Fourth st.
VA IIPIST HJJATIXU AND Ci,KASlX«.
WHEN you ' become disgusted . with I poor work
send to SPAUI.OING'S Pioneer. Carpet-beat-
.ing Works. :,T>'{-:357 Tchama st. ; tel. South ,40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
renovated.' relald. 104.14th st. ; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE «'arpet-cJeaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel Main 394. GEO. W~AI*COM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 17ft3 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior. Carpet-cleaning Works.
•333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone EaEt 126. -
J. E. MITCHELL Carpft-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240'14th'*t.; tel. Mission 74.'
COLLECTION OFFICES."'."
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
j floor, SIB Market St.; advice free., Tel. Bush
194; able body of , attorneys. ,'-',-'
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R. W. King,
• attornej'. Examiner building, 6th .floor^^ -\
GEORGE . W. . KELLY'S Agency — No charge
' unless successful.: Room 310. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
JONES, 2052— Cottage. 4 rooms and bath; hot
and cold water; rent $15 per month.' - : : ''ii?. '
¦,*. *. - jjkxtists. • '.'¦?':/:¦'''
A— DR. T. S. H1GGINS. 1)27 Market st., : Emma
• Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry al reason-
- able prices; pure gild fllli-ngs. $1.50; other
fillings. $1; ; gold and porcelain crowns. ,$0
up; • plates, a full - set - of teeth that look
natural and guaranteed. $5 up. . -
Painless extraction. ¦-, • ¦ '
I do first-class- work inly and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, -bridges
and fillings; extractions , or < fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless, method; 20. years
• experience: no students: advice free; prices
'¦ .-'. cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20.O'Farrell_ st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S00 Market, cor.
4th rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions dona pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours 9 a. -m. to Op. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
. A. NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break ;
• warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fillJngs,50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth ft.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
.Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor, and manager.
SEE my new pink ivory plates: 'see my new'
I unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime:.
crowns. $2: fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. 54 6th.
MEYER 46 O'Farrell, late of C Turk St.;
I crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
DR.- E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary sti; expert
workmanship only: reasonable; hours 10 to 4.;
PARIS Dental Parlors/ 235 Kearny. <>or. Bush —
Full set of teeth. g4; crowns. $3: fillings. 50c
SET of teeth without plate. DrT,, H. G (i
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. S15«4 Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext.. 50c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 11 35.
DRESSMAKERS A^ D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Milliner* School—
• Class, rates! patterns 1010 Maniet st. '
FRENCH accordeon and^knife pleating. WM.
PILGER; 121 Post, over- O'Connor & Moffatt.
DOG HOSPITALS. : :
DR. CREELY'S-C. P. dog soap by druggists
or «t the Hospital, f.10 Golden Gate ave.
¦ - ¦'. EDUCATIONAL. "
HET^i^CIIOOL^OF^L^THcXfrENG?
' NEERING— Theorj'. demonstration, construc-
: tion laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st.,.S. F.;
catalogue free. ...• ._ ;¦«'-.-.
A-YRES* Leading Business College,* 723 Market
-r-$8" per month; $30 life scholarship guaran-
[ tees a complete bus. education; . shorthand,
1 typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship.
" spelling, Spanish,, etc.; experienced teachers;.
¦ hew typewriters impositions secured: 'cat.' free.
E. ' F. BUS COLLEGE, 236 Market : st.^ — Big
EChobl ' because it's best. Our Gregg short-
i hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last, week, ... ¦ •;-. .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST-.
S. K. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and j mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.-:
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited, preparatory
school ' for ' the university. - law and medical
colleges: references. .President- Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-'
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH • COLLEGE, ts this advice worth
following ? Life scholarship - $50 ; . catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, tpeclalties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
• sitions. Alcazar building. 120 .0'FarrelI st.*
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; cst. 1864. '¦ Van
, der Naillen School.' 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
¦ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
: . TARR. expert accountant/ 210 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most. thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new CC-page catalogue free; ; 305 ; Larkln . st. .
KENT Law School; day and night. 554 Parrott
.:' building (Emporium); send for catalogue.. ::
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught, In
class; $1 month. .18.'»G Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WJCSTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. Mta; piano for. 1 practice. 39. Fifth st..
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist,' gives
thorot*gh, successful instruction. ' 101 7 Sutter.'
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. tith.
SHORTHAND taught 'by mail or . personally.
- MISS M. G. BARRETT/302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN,. mandolin, guitar.' Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 14"5JIarket, nr. 10th;
¦ : Pitman shorthand; typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY.r and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. ¦ 424 Pine st. .
-HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F, ;
founded 18C-3: new SO-page catalogue free. >i
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.:.'/ ¦'
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. ' Geo ¦
' : Klnoshlta, 1233 Page, cor. ;Lyon;tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; establ' 20 years.
, Tel. Main 1907.- BRADLEY & CO.,- 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offloe/ 415 Stock-'
./ton : tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.-, v.:
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook, and
: waiter . 421 Post. GEO. .AOKI; tel.; Bush 135.
JAPANESE.' best domestic; farming and houst-
. cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504."
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment O'f-
-jfrflce; all kinds help. -315 Stockton;. Main 5188/
JAPANESE > Intelligence- Office— Furnish most
reliable help/- 524 Bush: 'st.;Uel : 516. \. : v-"
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
:nese help. 426 PowelUnr.Sutteritel.Black 50VJ.:
EMI' LO YMENT ¦ AV AM' ED— FK 3LVLE*.
CHILDREN'S "dressmaklnp-; . first-class; .latest
;. ; ..i styles ami - novelties. . 1U4U ¦ Geary ; st; ,- '¦ J-
A SWEDISH girl p of :a-good - cook,
- -, also housework;' city reference. .- ¦ Call i from
- 12 to 6, .'room 22. 1050, Howard at. ; :¦:• .
-WOULD like position as housekeeper , in , small
'.family 01 a widower's -family; city or coun-
..try.. city; preferred. r Call or- address ¦- 408
Thirteenth st." ' /._ ..". > ¦.-¦,.,.¦-.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would llketo asslstwith
• housework .4 for ;room and ¦ board ; ' employed
';pttrt;of,day.;,Box-4pC2,.Cal]. l , A ¦ , : . .
¦RKSPECTABI^E young; girl -^wishes -place /in
' --private-- family ' to -do upstairs •vork';'--wage3 1
$ "° -'' to * 25 ' ' Cal1 4 - Mint ave.- > <. .-
YOUNG .man' and wife '"desire; positions'-.' with
private ' family ¦ in, city •; or country,; country
•' preferred: -coocj r nian about; house; born gard-
ener; all kinds stock; wife good 'plain; cook;,
' good all-round poopla. ;S Hayes st.. . room , 1). .
IFIRST-CL'ASS housekeeper ;: good" worker;' flrst-
• ¦ cIhss- laundress; can do almoBt" any." kind ; of
wash •.. strong and; willing; 1 ; work by the day.'
¦ 728 Howard st/,' room'4; ; wages $1 25. ' . ¦ ¦
HELP "WAXTED-— IILVLJE^-C^n;^^
WANTED— Recruits for . the marihe corps. JJ.
'- ! S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of - 1 *" d K oJ j;, n ° t
. less than 5 feet 4 and not over 6 feet 1
' mch; able to speak and read F^r
lurther information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. ¦ -- -: v
WANTED— Reliable young ' man u w"h $175
cash: $15 week: steady place : no; experience
required., -BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market bt.
BARBER ehop for sale Jn -Oakland: ->S34'i
Broadway, near Seventh; roust be sold this
week: offer wanted. ;
WANTED-^First-class no uthers
need apply. ¦ VERDIER, 9>>4 Geary st.
McDONALD & PERRY haye5C0 second-hand
shoes for. sale; 50c up. 241 Third *st.
EXPERIENCED bill clerk: familiar *^ith
-wholesale plumbing and steam supply busi-
ness^ *__
WANTED— Young man of sood address, who
has had experience as floorwalker: state age.
experience and salary expected. Box 35>o6.
Call office. ¦
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In demand;
only requires S weeks; tools donated: cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st. - .'
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: tl to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to- learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon" b Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— Solicitors for teas and coffees, with
a view to buy in the. course of time if satis-
factory. 203 Fourth st. ¦ '
EXTRA pav now due U. 3. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624\Market.
EOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes;
60c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
" mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Jioward.
PENSION atty.. E.' A. Bullis. 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. -Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for -all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 2C Stenart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
.to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.*. near Mar-
. ket — 200 rooms, -25c night; reading rooms;
-.'. free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia 'st. • . '
'¦. HORSES .AXD WAGOXS.
A LOT of . horses for ¦ sale at Arcade Hors"»,
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale^ — 2 bay mares. 6 years old. 15% hands
high; suitable for baker or milk team. 1715
' Sacramento st. " .
FOR sale— A fine pair of matched black mares.
6 years old, suitable for professional man.- 2
Main at. .
SAN ROSA ealeyartf — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold; new stock always on
. hand. 1499 Market Bt.. corner Eleventh. ,'
FOR sale — Fine roadster (trotter), $150; bar-
gain. 2125 Mission st., bet. 17th and 18th.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for rale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSKS TO LKT.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery-
. HOUSCS FOB SAL12. ~~^ ':
KEW junny house, 7 room3; large basement;
yard; fine location; Portola, off. Waller, bet.
' Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore. 63 Portola. -
HYGIENIC HAIR THEATMEXT. \
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 89. 139 Post «t.. Liebes building.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — On Sutter st., between Polk and Devis-
adero, gunmetal tpb set turquoise with dag-
ger charm. Liberal reward for return to. 1301 ,
Devlsadero st. '
LOST- — Monday." Feb. 24, wreath pin, small
pearls and diamond center, on ' Market st-,
etc. Return to- 215A- Guerrero St.; liberal
reward.
LOST — Lady's gold watch containing a picture
of a child In back; reward. • 420 Minna st.
LOST-".A Pass -Book - with the Hibernia Sav-
.' Ings ami Loan Society of San Francisco, in
, ths name Qf MICHAEL KELIHER, No. 162,-
755. • The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and loan Society of San - Francisco In the
name of MARY E. -WELLS; No. 25G-342.
The finfler will please return to bank.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
Jadies send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MEDICAL." /:-•;
LADlES-^-AIl who are sick or In trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief In all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
' ment: free confidential advice on all subjects :
of a delicate nature: all-classes of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases-
all private dtseasea successfully treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G
W. O'DONXELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET,* graduate et Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, .midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during confinement; best care;
confinement $15; rm., board. $5 wk.; infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resld.. €06 Guerrero st, nr. ISth; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D..WYETH — Reliable ladles* specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
. teed: home before and during confinement ;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell near Taylor
¦ MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'FarreJl st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office. 1223 Market St.; SO years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
; DR. and MRS. WEGENER, ladles' physician!
* private. home for confinement: babies adopt-
ed; formerly; 1312 G. G. aye.; now 112 Mason.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' origfnal
method of treatment: maternity home: home
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies" physician;. 25
years' successful experience in S. V. Ma-
ternity Home, 906 Market st., opp. Fourth.
MRS. D. ALLEN.' HIS Market— Reliable ladles*'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NGTOTKEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square : all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, ¦ 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
4 H. P. MODERN gasoline engine. ......$135
20 H. P. boiler and engine, complete. . .$300
30 H. P. boiler and engine, .complete... $350
S H. P. boiler and engine, complete... $150
5 H. P. boiler and engine, complete $l"*5
H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale. formerly of
516 Mission st. . ... .-<'¦. ,
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers. ¦ water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
/ etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st,
•BAR fixtures: big stock; installments:- billiari
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. Tin
: Brunswick-Balke-Ccllender Co.. - 652 Mission.
BARGAIN— Marble counter. 2 -gas stoves,
. tables, ¦ chairs, dishes, etc. ; ANDRE'S. 316
Stockton st. . ,>
A— ?3 TO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. . 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants.' $2. 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery, st.
X-RAY outfit, complete: $125 for 110 volt direct
-current: cost $400. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhanging. 1 ' palnl-
ing. Merisan. 1302 Webster: tel. Jackson 1321 .
TYPEWRITERS. 2<l-band. all ." makes, at lnw
¦ figures. L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
NEW i Home „¦ and , Domestic -. sewing machine:
.. Rood order: ; complete: cheap. " 1915 Mission.
BOATS. launehes.\ rowboats' carried in stock.
' BAKER fe HAMILTON. ,"
GASOLINE engines.'air sizes, new and 2d-hand
and Ikunches. ' J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st!
ENGINES and hollers: second-hand machinery
J. BURKE. -.TO Beale st. . -"
:SAFES- — New 'and ¦ second hand." THE HER-
..- MAN SAFE CO.. 4 17-42S Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand"n-odern engines and boilers
.bought.' sold.. Krogh-Mfg. -Co.'. 9 Steyen«nn.
MAGIC lanterns, newand 2d-hand movine nie-
, tures. BULLARD & F.RECK. 131 Pom 3t .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
IB pages, in wranrnr for mailing. X\ per vea rl,
- ; JlISCELLAMiOUS :. WAXTsf^
BIG prices paid for scalsklrTcoat^^oiT^nnT^
•; full dress and ' Tuxedo ; suits "¦ Portland Loan
\ Office.- 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 454"
¦— ¦ *' ¦¦--*¦¦
WANTED — Billiard or combination, table- com.
, plete. BYKON MAUZY/ SOS-SioUfj TPost Ttl
TILTON wants good second-hand "clothing an-i
theatrical eoods. 154 9th st: tel. Jessie 2831
• ¦ - ¦
SAX KRAXCISCO CALL.
PU.VINEfS OFF1CK of The San Francisco
*"«II. ccrner of Market and Third streets; op«"
t-'riiii 32 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICKf— 7-27 -Montsonstsry street.
co::ie r ''lay; oj>en until < .'-.:'O p. m.
? r 'i HavAf ureet: open -.'ntil 51:30 p. m.
«'.*m McAllister street: cpei: until fl:30 p. rn.
? * s I-arkin street: open until n:XO p. m.
*!M1 J-'SFFion rtreet; ux>en until 10 «. m.
r"fil Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
I**!! 0 P. m. • . . - ' ? :¦;*
'¦"fc T*'«-v«»nth »-treet: open until ft p.m."
*fWJ Valencia Mreet: oj>en until 9 p. tn.
VorthT\-e*t rrrVFr Twentv-fcond and Ken-
'"''-¦' '?-»»•«• or.<»n until 9 p. m. -
mektim; xotices: - V : -~'Z?-/2-<
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. It. A. M.. m
will meet THIS <TVESDAY) EVEN- -#V.
I KG. Feb. 25. at 7:U0 o'clock. M. M. JEX
•iegree. By order of the H.' P.
.FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OOLDEN OATE LoUec No. *J0. F. and • .
A. M.— Called meetmsr THiS «f UES- _J\_"
DAY) EVENING, at 7-.30 o'clock. De- foj\
Kree 3. By onler of W-. M. ' / "ST >
EDWIX L. MEYER. Secretary.
J».»C1FIC Lodsc No. ISO. F. and A. M.. n
121 Eddy «.. meets:. THIS EVEN- m g\ m
5. NO, 7:"»0 o'olook. Second .leproe. J*^A\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. <^r**
CniENTAL Lodge No. 1M..F. and A. m •
M.— Tirst degree THIS (TUESDAY) I
KVENING t>t S o-clock. JkjK.
. ' - ¦ » A. S. HUBBABD. Sec. /Nr
ANNUAL MEETING — K1LAUEA SUGAR
TLANTATION COMAPNY— Tlie regular an-
nual nvetins of thu stockholders of the KU- '
fluea Sussr Plantation Company will be held
«t the oince of the comj^ny, :C7 Market Bt.,
«n the city and county of San Francisco,
5(ate «f California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
<*ay of - February. 1902. ai. the hour of U
••clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
"Van" of Directors to serve fcr the ensuing
*psr «nrt for the transaction of truch othsr
Xvfirf-FF as may come before the meeting.
Vrar)*Or "wAr will close on Friday, Febru-
ary 14.-190C.-*t .'{ oVIr.ck p. m. - -
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL rn^e.tinr Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Corrpany — The regular 'annual meeting of the
ftockrioider* ol the Paauhau Eucar Planta-
t'on Company will be held at the office of
the company. ."27 Market St.. In the city
rrii county- cf San Francisco, State of Call-
f-rr.i*. <^n SATURDAY, the 1st. day of
March. 3002. at the hour of 11 o'jdock a. m..
lor the purppse n* electing a board. of direc-
tors to serve for the .ensuing year, and for j
ihe transaction cf *uch other business ae
may «oir» before the meeting. Transfer i
books will clcse on Tuesday, February 18
5302. at :: o'clock p. m. -
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AVNTAL ' MEETING— Hakalau' Plantation
Compar:?- — The regular annual meeting cf the
»-tockhoMers of tbe Hakalau Plantation Cotn-
rany will be held at the office of the com-
r«ny. .'»27 Market St.. in the city and county
of Prti Francisco. Ftato of California, on
. WEDNESDAY, the f.th day of March. 1902.
s» the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of .--iectinir a board of directors to serve
Ir.r the ensuinp ypar and for the tranfactlon
of other husiness as may come befor"!
the meetlne. Transfer boolcs will close on
Frifcy. Februnr>- 21. !S02. at. 3 o'clock
J). rn. H. VT. THOMAS Secretary.
AXXI'AL Meeting Hono!ulu Plantation Com- i
ranr. — The repu'ar annual meetlne of the I
firclthnWuT. of th» Honolulu - Pla'ntatl-jn i
<~orrrany -w-m \>» held - nt the office of th<-
*-orrrany. 327 Market ft..* In the c>ty and
• rurty nf Pan rranclsce. State of Ca.llf.or- I
-la. cr "WEDNESDAY, the 2Cth cay of
ITVbruaiy. 1OO2. at tha hear of 11 o'clock :
r. m.. for the purpose of electing a board :
• f direct r>rs to eerve.for tbe ensuing year..;
.-rd fcr the tranfacticn of each, other bi:s<- i
rffs as may come before tbe meeting.
Transfer nooks .tvt*l- c!ok on Saturday, F"b-
roary 15. 1902. at 12 o'clock m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California r*ebris Commiselon havlnr re- ;
reived an application to mine by the hydrnullc
tw^s from C. L. Car.fi«>ld. In th» Blue Tent
Mine, rear Nevada City. N'vada
<;<¦>.. to «"eros!t tailings In a ravine below the
r"tn». civo« notice that a meeting will be held
s»t. roon -"'!». Flood liu'Minjr. Pan Francisco,
«-»1.. «-t» Marrh 10. 1902. at 1 :W p.
adoption. • ¦ ¦ ]
A GIRL baby, 1 to 2 years eld. wanted for a'
rood h<-Tro: a sood future Is open fOT her.
T*MILIK FirXKE, 14*«> Sth St.. Alameda.
ASTROLOCV.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by tt.«I1 if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st. ,
!ATT«K\KVS AT LAW. , j
R. TV. KING. atty.. Examiner building, 1 room j
613; all.czfe;; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnfrehips. attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charc-f-s; oi»n eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: <"ivoreeo a *pecialty:quick: quiet;
no charce success: eptablisbed 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWK. K50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: n-i charge uiiitss successful. W.
W. DAVlDP^v. t-.'T >r?rket st.. opp.» Mason.
A1>VICE fre€: onien • r»rv evening: low feesr
all cases. J. M. THT'RgTOX. T S19 Market.
L* «. CLARK. K'.nn.v> blde.,S27 -Mar-
V»t ft.: rrr*«-*:»«-»*r- (¦¦-¦>¦ r\n fAes )n advance.
UlCVCI/liS- — «-'<»r *»ale or Ij^chnngt. !
ALLEN is Sftl:r:g: Kureka bicycles fast; ewell-
est thinsr out: !-«:?r.oyCclutnbia. Monarch, oth-
ers: repH'ri-*' l»i'. nnrni'>=. "01 Larkin'et.'
CIRES. DOGS. ETC.
\t ARBLING canaries and all kinds of 6ong,
tslking and fai.ey hirds:'go1d fish, pet stock.
(fipet- jrl'-t'f-- -Kjuariums: bird and animal
rrtort of all k ; n-?«. '.MKMarket >t..bet>th & 9th.
BOAKlll.No KUIl <;HILDKEN.
NURSE wishes children at lowest terns; large
sunny yard:phone; nr. school. 1607 California.
BOARDIXG SCHOOL WASTED.
WANTED— A hoir:e for boy In a Catholic
boarding school in city or a short distance
in country; . rcasonable^crlce. Address box
¦i«64. Call office. ¦ ' . . - ¦ :
HUUlvS— Kt2W AXD ULD. ~~
HOOKS of ell kinds bought; librarieslpurchased.
H. C. Holmeg. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
mSIXESS CHWCES.
A — $Sr»O; HARDWARE and crockery store with
plumbing ehop; on Fourth St.. near Market;
good business; rent ?20. Call R. G. WILKE,
26 "a Kearny tt. . _ ¦ _ -, ; ¦;
A — "Jl.'JOO; CORNEIt raloon with rooms and
mercantile lunch, surrounded by breweries
ai*l malt house;; rent 537; clearing abova
?-JCO per month. Call R. g: WILKE, *28"j
Keatny st. ' .
A— ?T50: BAKERY in Alamoda Co., situated on
main driveway; doing a fine business; a rare
chance for right party. Call R. G. WILKE.
•^i'i Kearny et.
A— $42.1; DELICACY and dairy produce store
on Mission Et. : .'5 living rooms: rent $2(1; daily
tf-ceiptfi about ?25. Call R. G. WILKE, 20&
K-^ainy tt. . - 1 -' • . .. . -¦
A— $750; OYSTER and chop house, surrounded
- by leading hotels, clearing. abo\-e 4150 per
month an<V established years. Call K. G.
WILKE. 2C'a Keaniy st,
A — ?S00: DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Hayes St.; rent $20; living" rooms; good
business. Call R. G. .-\VILKE, 2<i»/i Kearnj.
A— $4.%0: RESTAURANT on Fourth Ft., close
to Market; rent S-M; good paying business;
v.ilye In Bight. Call R. G. WILKE, 2tiVv
Kearny st.
A — *5ALOOX; best part Mission st.; clearing
*200 month; J2500. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A — BALOON on Folscm 6t. ; 10 years' lease;
r.-e'l stocked: merchants' lunch; this is a
chance; J"150ti. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A-liAKEKY and delicatessen store In Western
Addition; 4 living room*:: sold on account ul
sickness; bargain.' ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third?
A — GROCERY and bar: old-established, place
en Third fit.; owner ttvere '55 years; good rea--
son lor. gelling: $1500. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — OUTSIDE office man for business that will
pay Sl.VJ-Sl'OO month: fine opening for young
man with $;^0. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
A— RKKTAl'HAXT and oyster house on 4th St.;
doing good but-..- :f+00. ROHLFS CO., 4L 3d.
HEALY & CARR, 0 Eddy St.. San Francisco,
rooms IS and Ul. Phone James 2771— We sell
v all kind? of business opportunities, city and
country rea' estate. Call or write for our
printed list properties for Bale and exchange.
$400— PARTNER wanted In corner .grocery;
value in FigM ?7"»0; clear* $150 per month;
firelj- furnished bedroom *.nd kitchen: sp!»-n-
<3I<1 opportunity to suitable party. 001 Six*
pt., corner, Jeffereon. Oakland.
ACCOUNT sickness: saloon: 100 McAllister si. -
fiae-.'iocKtlon; lading- rooms, etc.; must be
p<nl<J alcnr*. .' .Inquire on premises.
A— *20<i ; SA LOON partner; fixtures are sran¥;
are as rood as r.ew: cost t over *12<K»;- nrj?t
go to-day. Business Board of Trade. :S26 Pine.
WEL"L-PA YING . furniture i store; j excellent » lo-
oatirn: cheap rent; living rgoms; make offer
I'.:; NJnth Vt. , .
FOR Kale— A complete photo Ballery outfit; also
a Marfh ImiV. aiitT box.t-heap. ¦ :".¦*» Hayes.'
SALOON fcr - rale: . c pr>oi-ite V he * ferry .'i Apply
HI I'ast rt.. . north 'of ".farket.:
C1GAH stand Largajn; will .. Invoice etock if
•sold lo-<lay. 14 E.-ldy ; , *-y- .:•
¦GOOD •ci-jjortunlt;.' is offered active man .with,
K2WQ rapttal to purchase interest in-esUiij-
llfclied candy buE!ness: fine cornec store; gom!
ityzutK-n. Addrfcfes box 4U73, Call office.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO onler. also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar«
antted. HOPKE BKOS.; 411 to 415 Powell
st.;. tel. Bush 421. • . >
.*H.M:s A>U M1.M.VC.
GEoTd. CAMPBELLTlawVerTExamlner big.'. 8.
F.: branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
JiU.Ntil '»U JLOA.V.
HERMA?T'm17rPM'Y. - 603 Examiner building.
,.i .54,500,000 at lowest rates.
On first and second mortgages.......
...Life interests in estates
Property being held In trust
Undivided interests In real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates la probate..
..Financial problems ot all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. -(Inc.),
$300,000 at i> 'i & 0 per cent in sums to suit;
. City. Oakland. Town and Country property:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 502t MAX-
IIATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th flfer. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. : '
First, second and third mortgages .'.»;
Undivided Interest in real estate In 1 rebate..
j Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhera
R. McCOLGAN...
....21 Montgomery st., room 3 2
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; firat.
second and third mortgages, estates in pro^
bate, interest In estates.' legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 1<J»
1st floor. Chronicle big? GEORGE- E. OLSEN.
MONEY TO LOAN. : 1
$1,000,000 at Lowest Rates...
1st, 2nd and 3rd Mortgages
Undivided interest in estates, insurance poll-
cles. furniture or anything else......
. PACIFIC LOAN CO.. Ot6 Market 8t.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. ne*r
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 841
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
• nlture or pianos: no removaU any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market,»om 613.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl.
' ture. pianos: no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ANY. amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal confidential.
• ORMSBY.26 Montgomery St.. opp. Lick House.
ON* furniture, pianos; no removal: money
• quick; lowest interest: easy terms ;no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st... room S3.
LOWEST, rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no- removal; -no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
. $1000: any security. 362 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com. : private
party. St.- Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th flr.
- Money loaned salaried people without security.
. HILL, r. 44," Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note -without -
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C1> Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. 8 Eddy.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan ; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. . TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister »t.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL.' 222 Sansome st.
ON salari«s without indorser; other" proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Ptaelan big.
LOANS money orr salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. "Western Loan Co.. 30ft Phelan bldg.
musical instruments.
jl baj^a!n~lYst"of ~used"plvnos, jSOl.
in good order and warranted.
McNeil . square. $25
Hallet & Davis ..square 35
Dunham square 5C0
Raven & Bacon square 660
Mendelssohn square ,^10
Symphony square..'... ....'..... ¦ 75
Arion ...square T5
New York Piano Co. .square 75
Haz«lton square 100
Weber square 115
Chickering (2) .square $110^ — 113
Decker Bros square.. 125
Steinway square 125
Herz upright 10O
Dunham upright 125
Vose ...........upright 150
Opera, rosewood case.upiight 20O
Speilmann, oak case — -250
Byron Mauzy, mahogany case '. . . . 30O
Lester, mahogany case 30t>
Sohmer, walnut case, $600 style . .. 45i»
Steinway Grand 430
Sohmer Grand 700
ORGANS.
Standard $25
Sterling 35
Monarch - 73
Mason & Hamlin, $50 — $7~i- B and 100
Estey (2). $50 and. , .\ .'.... 10O
Cecilian Piano Player 25" "
Fine New Pipe Organ...... 1000
BYRON MAJ T ZY, 308-310-313 Post st.
AS notice has beeif served on us to vacate on
the first of March and as our new building
and Heine Hall is not completed, we make
a cuf on all our stock to save storage, etc. ;
rent9 $3 up; Installments $4 up.
1 Fisher upright; good $33
1 Sohmer upright 85
3 Steinway uprights $185 to 345
B Heine uprights 195 to 675
4 Chlckering uprights 133 to 3W>
3 Haynes uprights 160 to 243
2 Conover uprights . . .'. 230 to 245
1 Hallet & Davis upright 385
6 Sherwood uprights 115 to 135
32 second hand uprights 38 to 175
Agents wanted everywhere. Only factory
representation on the Pacific Coast. HEINU
PIANO CO.. Geary st.. opp. Union Square.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano itocfc.
both new and second-hand, is the largest wes-
cf Chlcazo and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $t> per month: some good
' pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A GOOD, reliable article for a reasonable pries
is what the people want and Just what w»
are offering; pianos for $25, $35. $5O. $75.
$100 and almost any price up to $1000; our
leading pianos are Decker-Wlssner-Baumei*-
ter-Stoddard, «and we have many others be-
rldes: payments to suit most any one. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN- HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlin, Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY. piano sold by us taken back any «m»
within 2 years and full purchase- price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
; piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'Farrell st. : established 1S50.
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square pianos, $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bower3 fc Son. 23 5tn st.. Ivers & Pond agt».
OUR rlanos. the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in 'the city. PIJERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store ot The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. OT>1 Market at. .
AT auction prices. 37 pianos this week dirt
cheap: new and second-hand for storage am*
advances. WILSON'S Storage. 171O Mark-t.
PARTY sacrifices account death In family,
lnrge new 3- pedal upright piano. 823 Eddy.
STOCK of plano3 ¦ turned over to me ' to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. S Flood big.
- 1 -
BARGAIN, great sacrifice: 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAUl3ter.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert a-nd Steinway bargains.
STILL" renting new pianos, $3 per month.
_ SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayea st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. oM and new. H.
MULLER. , maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for .". cents— The Weekly.Call.
16 page*. In wrnnnT for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO tET/
EMSfA SPRECKELS bldg.. 927 Market *t.: of~
flees with light, heat and Janitor $15 to $20.
L ASHTON & GARDINER.
SUNNY -pfnees Just below Kearny »st.; $16:
also large store. Keys 636 Clay St.. room I.
¦i _^_^ oil. -;¦; __ _
OIL tanks. 2nd-h^nd. in good order: al! siz*3:
: rbpan. H. S. WHITE. I.".n-132 Beale st.
IVVIXTI^IIS VSD DECOHATORS.
PAPERING room, walls. $1 50 f painting. $1:
whitening. 7'>c. Address Painter, box.SS6S.
_Call office.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates: get figures. J~
C ROMAINE. K4O G. G.Lava.: tel. Po>k 142::.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE. scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 an<1 13. The Vendome. 1104 Market
¦ st. : hours from ' 0 . a. , m. to • 10 p. m.'
MME.*.;-*. L NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 70i»'
Post St.; corner of Jones y phone Polk 837.
H.-VJEKOMEKOSKLLI. scientific- palmist. 5* .
Taylor »t., bet." Geary and Post; teLEUck 36L.": SACBAMENTO.iFeb.- 24.^-The; residence,
of ; F./C.H and i.V.'.'H.i.Vehemeyer Vat,; Fair
Oaks ¦ was r burned ¦ to \ the , ground * to-day. x
The ' fire , is ; supposed ' to have ! caught -from
a' ¦? defective '-i flue.'vw.Thls / was r among >Uhe
finest!residences: in: that .'section and cost
between'48000 and; J0000.' 1 .
Fair Oaks' Residence Burned:'
C'SANTA < CRUZ, 7 Feb.., 24.r-Rev." George
,W. Stone ',\ president f of ; the 'American ;Uni
tarian TAssociation7 - has ." been '-..? laboring
her? ': for. four/. weeks ; In v the ¦'- interest of
the /establishment ' of j a' Unitarian . church.
Ma ny. residents are interested and a com-"
mittee consisting 'of 'Messrs. ;: S. : Leask, J. 1
B.'i KingriH.^W.'rH. • Penniman, Mrs.l S.vH.
Bailey i and ; Mrs. * J.* B.v Moultpn- has ' been
appointed • as? preliminary. . to a permanent
organization, y/. r'-yy^ r' ¦;'-._ - /
.Unitarian's ; to
PASADENA.' Feb. : 24.— Hon.* "William , B.
Pfunkett of (Massachusetts! -'a -personal
friend of the' late President MeKinley and
prominent"- politically,"- slept- on 'a billiard
table , in . the'; Hotel * Raymond .last night.
There ( was f absolutely ; no : other, couch for
him,' all -of! the 'hotels in town 'being filled
with auests.' ' The ; number ; of ' tourists here
this : fipason is unDrecedented.": Both' the
Green - and j the '-. Raymond . are'/ planning
large annexes to be built during the sum
mei 1 ."/; -¦:¦/¦/;'/;:. '¦"V- 3 .¦•->•>"••'- ' '-'i:'
Sleeps I on - a Billiard Table.
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
H Pidgers. Salem .
Mrs E Madden,. Mo ;
G Hakes, Rock Island
J.J Yackley; Seattle
I W, Ely. . Seattle *
F BSchnell, Iowa •
C Terrari & f.-Portlnd
Miss F Oleshlemer; NY
C L Green,- ' Bakersfleld
H A Patterson. Cal
J ,W Bordenstlne, Kan:
J G Herman & w. Cal
W Casslty. Angel Isld
G T Ioura, Sacto
J Neris, Sacto" • /
W H Dester. S Rafael
L Steuard, Oakland
HOTEL * ARRIVALS.
Receives j His", Credentials ¦ as 'Bank
; Commissioner ; From : Gov
-".'.: / f^>- : .:^'' ernor^Qage.'.;.;-''. ¦ ..
, ' SACRAMENTO, /* Feb. .24.^-A commis
sion. was issued: to-day : ' at thej Capitol for
Colonel - J. J ' B. /Wright;' ; formerly ; superin
tendent of the Sacramento division of the
Southern; Pacific" Railroad, -.who -was V re-J
cently "appointed Bank Commissioner; by.
Governor Gage.; '.He succeeds John Mark
ley, term r explred: ;. ¦_.."- , ; . :
COLONEL /TAKES.
> JOHN MARKLEY'S: PLACE
Cremated in 1 Burning Building.
; KINGMAN, A. T.. Feb. 24.— J6hn Gid
eon, aged 19 years, 'was cremated in . a
burning' building ,here this morning. ' The
fire was caused by a burning candle drop
ping, through a miner's candlestick. :
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 24.— Thieves were
active in this city last night.' Mrs. Cald
well, proprietor of the Pleasanton,' on
Nineteenth street, was held up in the of
fice of the building and relieved of J' 50
A burglar or burglars entered the store of
J. M. Good on Nineteenth street and car
ried away ?15 worth of cigars. .
Thieves Busy ; in Bakersfield.
GOLDEN JUBILEE 1 OT
CHURCH CONGREGATION
Baptists of Santa Rosa Preparing for
¦\ f a Celebration to Last Four. •, /
¦>.- : -- ; -'v ,-/..*•/ Days./' ; /'¦•'.". ./'¦'¦.'¦/-'
: SANTA ROSA.': Feb. 24.— The i members
of the First Baptist! Church -of/Santa Rosa
are preparing to . celebrate, the golden an
niversary of that .organization.>The dates
set arc- March 20 and 23,; inclusive, . and
hundreds of visitors rare expected- to par
ticipate,in Hhe, fe3ti\ities. ' ; ... ;,-
Q There 1 are but two' surviving 'members
who took part fifty years ago. in the for
mation of 'the church, and 'they are to be
present during thegolden jubilee.". They
'a/re AV.^-C. Catronu and McPeak/ ,
The congregation is a noted. one forithe
reason' that- us edifice was built entirely
from i one tree, • and is the only v ch'uch in
the world with' that distinction. -..< •••" ¦_ '.:..¦.,
An elaborate "programme has-been .'ar
ranged^ for the i church' Jubilee, which will
Include many/ addresses, -historical and
otherwise"; "an : old folks' : concert; "tab
leaux, prominent I in which" will be '.pion
eers of the church; a reminiscence meet
ing and social; receptions: -.,;• .'-; ,; x , . . ";
PASADENA7- Febl- 24.— "Lucky" Bald
win, whose relatives .were summoned to
hia bedside because of his; serious illness,
got out of bed yesterday and went driv-.
ing:,, saying that he ; would outlive. 1 the
friends who predicted his demise. He ha»
assumed active management of his Santa
Anita- ranch of 56,000 acres and is getting
ready a string of horses to compete in the
spring races. Baldwin's near £ friends
claim that he is rapidly, retrieving. -.- his
fortunes, having now only $150,000 in mort
gages, all of which, are upon the Baldwin
annex 'in San Francisco.^ His Southern
California property is increasing rapidly
in value. ;,,.¦ •;. ..---;, .:
Will j Outlive Many of ! His
'-" Sh. •"-'¦ s Friends. ' -
Arises From Bed ~ and Declares He
"LUCKY" BALDWIN DEHES
'% V v \ RAVAGES OF SICKNESS
-: The ' case involved ¦ the - validity/ of the
refunding bonds,' ; which were carried off
by "Walter Stanton of the firm of Coffin &
Stanton, New York brokers, without'giv
ing, any consideration therefor. The firm
afterward failed, as did th^Securlty Com-,
pany in Chicago which if gave as sure
ties as a guarantee that they. would per
form, their part of ; the vagreement. ;
Highest Tribunal' Reverses^ the Ruf
ing.of the, Circtiit, Court of ¦•..'¦':. ¦••
¦" ¦" '-'¦;'.'-". ¦'¦ ''-Appeals.'/'.' . - -, :
SANTA .CRUZ, Feb.. 24.— News was re
ceived' here .this, evening that the, United
States ;¦ Supreme Court* has '* re versed-! the
decision'/of the -Circuit- Court*, of '.'Appeals
and remanded the Santa Cruz bond, case
back,"; -with instructions. . The . decision of
the ; Court of Appeals favored this city.
Attorney Lindsay, one of the city's coun
sel, in * the absence Of further, knowledge,
believes "that the ease." will be sent back
for modification. and that all hope. is not
lost. Had it-- been 'an 'absolute- decision
against the city, the case would not have
been remanded, with' instructions. It may
be,. also, "that, the cause has been remana
ed for a new trial. ";¦- . . : -'v^ * .' > }
SUPREME . COTJRT :i)ECipES
; ' SANTA-'CTRirZ^BONI)- CASE
' Regent John E. Budd. a son of the de
ceased, .is in Stockton, , but the other son,"
ex-Governor James rj, Budd, is j in the
East -and cannot be present at the funeral
of his. father.* The obsequies will be con
ducted at the late • residence of the de
ceased . to-morrow ] afternoon by .Rev. : Dr.
Clark' of the Episcopal Church; and the
body will be taken to San Francisco on
the early/train Wednesday morning.- $
Judge. Budd recently -.transferred \ his
property interests I to his wife, j who sur
vives him. ,; ' " * ri<:.-\ v, ?
'¦ Upon his chair in -Department ;1 of the
Superior Court this, morning was placed
a large wreath,'. tied with a bow of purple
ribbon. ; - Both ¦ courts » adjourned - ; until
Wednesday' but of • respect to^the memory
of . the deceased Jurist, • who was regarded
as one of the ablest oh the bench in Cali
fornia. Attorneys ;-:j.B. Hall, Ansel
Smith, Frank Dunlap ana Ed -Thompson
were. appointed to draft resolutions in me
moriam,: and Attorneys Arthur Ashley,
Arthur Levinsky and A.,V. Scanlan were
appointed; as a committee { on , arrange^
ments for the funeral, to be governed,
however, . by: the- wishes of :,the family.' .
STOCKTON, Feb. 24.— Joseph H. Budd,
Judge of the Superior Court of this coun
ty, who passed away at his residence last
night after a long'lllnees, left Instructions
that his body be placed in a plain wooden
box and - that it be cremated. ; He;asked
that there be no mourning. .' ¦
dence * of Mourning Be
Eliminated.
Jurist Left Inst'ructions That All Evi-
BODY; OF JUDGE- BUDD;
'i': : : WILL BE CBEMATED
• STANFORD ¦ UNIVERSITY, Feb. 24.-
Isaac Russell, '04,* ha& been elected editor
of* : the - college - comic journal, . the Chap
arral, which, was established, by. Brlstow
Adams, ''Ol. and ¦. which . has - occupied, a
foremost place ' in ' Stanford^ journalism.
Ralph E. Renaud, the present editor, has
been compelled. to resign the position be
cause of pressure bf work. brought on by.
the editing of the 1903 Quad. -¦' ¦••-..-
Russell, although, a very young" man,
has hada wide irange of experience. He
enlisted in Battery A of the Utah'Artil
lery at' the outbreak of the Spanish war
and saw ; service in the Philippines. After
receiving an honorable discharge from the
Utah Battery Russell began the publica
tion of .the 'American Soldier; the first
English paper on the islands. He was
thrown Into jail because of an attack on
Manila officials and ¦ the paper was sup
pressed 1 by "the military. ,->f v*.,
Russell Is a member, of the Press and
English clubs, treasurer. of the 1904 class
and a member of the Sequoia staff. His
home is in Salt Lake and he is a' student
in the department of English. ¦'
.University's Comic
V\ Journal. / ¦
Isaac Bus sell Is Given Charge of the
STANF0ED ELECTS : NEW ¦ : '•• : \-v^
EDITOB FdB CHAPABBAL
• Prdfessor Gilbert - will ¦ be accompanied
by Professor C. C. Nutting, head of the
department of zoology, in the University
o£ Iowa; J Instructor , J. O. Snyder of the
Stanford zoology department and Walter
K. Fisher, a graduate student here.
The party/ will make the trip on the
Government steamer Albatross, the best
equipped vessel for scientific research in
the world. . Investigations will be made
in all branches 1 . of natural- history, par
ticular* attention being paid to the deep
sea fishes of the Hawaiian waters. Dr.
Gilbert expects to. return next in
time to take up his duties In the uni
versity at the opening of the college yearl
* The investigators will spend most - ot
their time on board the Albatross in deep
water several hundred miles off the Isl
ands. Professor 'Nutting will superintenc
the collecting and study of the mverte
brates'and Mr. Fisher, who has .worked
under the United States biological survey,
will have charge of the collection of birds.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb.' 24.—
Dr. Charles H. Gilbert, head of. the. zoo
logy ..department, will " start from San
Francisco at the v end of this" week for
Hawaii,' to take charge of the work to
be done there- under the United States
Fish Commission, which was begun last
year by President Jordan and Dr. Jenkins.
to Study Hawaiian. Deep
* Sea Life. ; \
Dr. Gilbert Will Head ari Expeditioa
SCIENTISTS* TO SAIIJ ¦,.*
,- : 'V v '-I;'- ON THE ALBATBOSS
. Much' of the valley is covered by spruce
timber and moss and tp the average per
son appears -swampy, but " where •¦ flre»
have . been run . and the moss : removed the
soil appears rich and .dry, very similar
to that ' of' Northern - Minnesota. 3 Mayor
Steele said just before -leaving Juneau
that ' he expected " to ¦ be : shipping -.wheat
to California and Washington, within five
years. . \ ; "i < * -.. •¦ oi :¦ ' ¦ ,- - -.«- r " - . ' , '.
T ACOMA',' , Feb. .. 24.— Mayor S teele " of
Valdes)- who .was in Juneau 1 last, week,- is
very enthusiastic, over "the outlook of the
Copper; River country for, raising wheat,
barley, oats, potatoes and . garden • vege»
tables. : He i says . that wheat, v which has
already "been grown there, -has 'matured
very .rapidly.^ and Is : equal in every, respect
to that raised • in any. part of the United
States. -Mayor •, Steele:. is of the opinion
that as; soon: as the placer? mines are
worked out • a hd the .land . laws amended
by Congress so ; that grants may "be ob-*
tained hardy settlers from the States will
settle in the'' Copper -River ; country ana
raise wheat. in such large quantities v thut
it will be' exported^ to the States ias well
as supplying. Alaska. .. • : :
Special Dispatch to' The Call,
popper Cbuntry
May Soon Be Export- x
ing Cere als. ;
Thatv night. Austin, nothing 'daunted,
made his appearance to deliver a sermon
to'a small -congregation on the. vicissi
tudes "of life and the certainties of heal
ing by the laying on of hands. Before
the service Was; well under way an un
known person, threw a brace 'of cats into
the hall and J their . unearthly squalling
broke up the meeting.: . On his way hom6
Austin was given a liberal supply of eggs
from all .directions. A coat of tar and
feathers .was spoken of as the pron-amme
for Sunday evening, but Austin It ft early
in the morninsr. ; : . '. .'. .-¦....". ¦
r TACOMA, Feb. - 24.— "Doctor" • Henry
Austin/ preacher ; and faith; heater, was
badly treated | by \ indignant | citizens Qf
,Orting-, : near : Tacoma. last Saturday, be
cause^of maltreatment', of. his son. Ten
days ago 'Austin' arrived in Ortlng and by
means of posters painted with a stick an~
nounced . tnat he would j hold . meetings ana
preach Vas our fathers used to do-" Aus
tin was accompanied- by his wife and
three children,: the eldest being a boy oi
8 years. . On Saturday- morning, for some
trivial offense,. Austin took his young, son
• into >the yard and proceeded to chastise
¦film, with a club. The cries of the child
brought-' many onlookers to the' scene.
Seeing ': that : the boy was* being unmerci
fully beaten they quickly laid out the
faith healer, with blows on the head.- "
Special Dispatch to The Call.-
WHEAT FIELDS
IN FAR NORTH
Oitizans Enraged by His Se
vere. Punishment of
a Child. 7
"Doctor" Henry Austin
-Is Roughly Handled
; ; vin Ortiug. ; \ i\
SHOWER OF EGGS
FOR THE HEALER
THE SAJN rMAiSClSCO^^
13
Ferdinand Moulin. 32. 1309 hi Harrison street,
and Nellie Hazen, -29, Salinas. Cal.
. Jean B. Lamazcn, : 30, 614 Broadway, and
Anna Gezelln, 23, 1700 Polk street. •
Omund Svenden, 25, 34 Prospect avenue, and
Kristine Pedersen, 25, 84 Prospect -avenue.
Frank R. Swan, .27, Olympla, Wash.," and
Bertha D. Leighton, 25, Olympla, Wash. •
Han-ej- Beckwith. 40. city, and Matilda
Weymoutli. 4O. city. ' - ,;.
Frederic Bezamat. - 30, 322 Third street, and
Marie Duclos, 32, 32 Klsslinr street -
• Henry P. Seller, 22, 775 Mission street, and
Lumeta Giebel. 20,. Los Angeles, Cal., . . -
George -A. Wilkinson, 27, 209 Grant avenue,
and Marcraret B. Ollphant. 22, 209 Grant ave.
Ludwig A. Frentrup, • &5, 1514 Point- Lobos
avenue, and Emma., L. Bnja, 26, 1376 Vallelo
street. : '; • ¦' . -. • ¦ . ¦-. . -, ; .
Morris Llpsshltz, 23, 933 Howard street, and
Rosle Rabinowltz, 20,-933 Howard street. L
Walter T. . Yeaxell,. 31, Spokane, Wash., and
Nana W. Barron, 22, city. ' >-. - .
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: • • • -. .. ' •
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
HAUB— In this city, February 12, 1902, to the
wife of . Louis Haub, a. daughter. '. • .
HEROLD — In this city, February 24, 1902, to
- the wife, of M.jHerold, ; a daughter. . •.
LANGHILDE— In Oakland, : February '¦ 18, 1902,
to the wife of Captain Langhilde, a son.
THOMSON— In- this city, Febmary 18. 1902,
tothe wife of. J.-M., Thomson, a daughter. •
TOTMAN — In this ! city. February 17, 11902, to
the wife of Isaac. C.-Totman. a. daughter. • .¦
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will- not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at 1 either of tha publication offices and be
indorsed s with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same. published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BAUER — PETERS^-In this city, February 20
. 1902, by the Rev.- J. Fuendeling, ; Geortre r!
Bauer and Mary Vj ' Peters. . ¦ ¦
REICHARDT— FEUSTEL^WUSTEBEaiG — In
this city, February. 22, 1902, by the Rev J
Fuendeling, Charles -W. Reichardt and An-
nie : Feustel-Wusteberjr. ', . •.
STEFFENS— MAIER— In this city. February
23. 1902. by the ¦ Rev. J. Fuendelinir Ed-
ward J. Steffens and Frlda Maier. - •
BWAN — LEIGHTON— In this city, Februarv
.24, 19P2, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson
Dr. Frank R. Swan and Ifertha D. Leighton'
both of Olympla, Wash.-^. -.- n ' on -
MARRIIjD.
BARRETA— In this -city, February 23, 1002
EniiKe Barreta (nee Carrere), beloved mother
• of Robert. • Adolph ,'. and • Gustave • Barreta
and daughter of Mrs. Callste Carrere, a na-
tive of New, Orleans,' Louisiana. " ¦_':
- ¦ JC7"Friends and : acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, February. 26, at 2 o'clock, . from! her
late, residence. '923 Jackson street. Inter-
ment Laurel. Hill. Cemetery. . ¦
BLISS — In this city.-. February 22, 1902, Georg"
D., beloved husband of Martha Guerln Bliss*
a. native of Albany, . New . York, a»ed 74
:. year* and 23 days.,, - * , . ' T
/ . tC?Trlends;and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited: to. attend the i funeral services
at 'the residence. : 1581 Pacific avenue, to-
. day tTuesday), at'9 o'clock. .Interment pri-
vate- • ¦;' ¦¦- . . ¦¦¦.. ¦
¦ ¦¦¦¦ DIED. '..--•¦..¦
Barreta, Emllie .' ' . Hanlon, Ann
Bliss, Georfe D. Hausmann, Joseph .
Brigham, Calvin O. i Higgins, Margaret
Burns, ' Frances ,, Imsand, Elizabeth
Cortelyou, Cornelius Johns. Rev. R. H
Cougblan, Mary ; •' --Keefe, Daniel
Dodge, Henry L. La Granee, Chas. E
Donohue, Hannah " . . Mackintosh, ElUa-
Edlin.Lena : ¦ .¦ .'•. beth C. ' - ••
Engelhardt. Henriette Ohlmann. Charles
Gagliardo. Antonio Richardson, Ellwood
Gelley, Eliza ', ' . Scoble, James .
Goldstein, Louis- " ' Simon, John
Grabill; Mallnda : - . Smith. James R.
Greul, Charles- .-.-.''.;< Trefz, Maria P. H -
Hammer. Frederick. Whittier, James E.
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
3. -HENDERSON, 'Manarer.
Mt. Olivet GeiTLetery,
* ; SAN, BRUNO HILLS.
. OFBCE'eie'MARKET STRBETl • :
H0UNTTAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
- -* Leave- Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
• San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
.Week Sun- Sun- Week-
P*?s- <k> 8 - -r.«™7i««r da > s -
9-30 a. &.-00A. p^- .^nto, ¦y mm rt wo 100 t. <J.4a A.
1:15 p. *" "•* W " k ' . |5:55 p,
Ij .- 7m». S«Fti»e*»»» Summit lad Satan, tim. -
BdutOflca. *n HASSXI 5UIXXT ud SAUoAiiTO lOlt
JAMES mcGINN;
Formerly with McGinn ,. Bros. 5 , ! has ¦ opened
new Kuneral Parlors at 214 , Eddy st.v bet.
Taylorand Jones.-; Telephone South 676.'*
/¦^VDr; Gibbon's Dispensary,
At.«3m^ 629 EEABSYST. Established
BRPrai'" 1S54 lor the treatment of I'rlvat«
B j JK^^y Diseases, Irf>st Manhcxxi. Dehilltr or
wearlDgon hodyaoil mind mnd
2JqBBkBm 9 ' cId Diseases. The Doctorcnres when
J«E «rafflothers fall. Try him. Charges low.
i^ifsi1Tiiw!i"~~T- r*i ' * CallorwrU*
Dr. J* V. «IBBOX;aao rtaadsc*. Cal. WJf*"'
On. and after Feb. 22. 1902," we will occuny
OUR OWN J BUILDING * at 190S MiBsion . st
bet. ;, 15th and 16t*l. -'- TELEPHONE MISSIO V
100. CHAS. H.J.. TRUMAN & CO., Funeral
Directors and Embajmers. ¦ - :; ; '/ . . ' r ¦• " ¦
REMOVAL NOTICE.
SAX Francisco. Cal.. January 27,* 1902.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received he: «
until U a. nu, Thursday, February 27. 1902.
. and then opened. • for construction s of sewer
system, water distributing eystem and- steel
tank and trestle at Fort Mlley. California.
Government reserves- right' to .reject- or ac-
cept any or all bids in ; whole . or in < part.
¦: Preference given to articles of .domestic -pro-
duction, conditions of. price and ¦ quality - (ln-
cludisg In the price of • foreign productions
_¦ the duty tbfireon) being equal, and such prei:
crence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption . required • by the * public • ser-
vice there. Information furnished on appli-
cation to D. D. WHEELER. * Deputy Quar-
termaster General. Chief Q. M
PROPOSALS
REMOVED!
>¦ McClNNBROS., ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ; and EMBALM-
ERS» to 224 and 226 McAllister st. (For-
merly'of 31- Eddy st.' Tel. South 2K2. ) ¦ .-. v
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' '. ¦-•;. Via Sausallto- Ferry .
• Commencing ¦ September 2», 1901.
8 AK^^^C^TO^ ;^^
. 1 w 5 E^5?^^ii5t: ;'-&,t^s 'gia^ »••
EXTRA TRIPS— For^Mlll . Valley and Sao
Rafael on -J Mondays. and Satur-
rf»vs'at'9:30and 11:40. p. m;'-.-. • ¦ . ,--¦
d *SUNDAYS-'8:00 no :00» »11 :30 a. m.. 1 : W .
3 15 »4 :46, 6 :30. . 9 :30 p. - m. - . •.=.-.¦ * ' *
Trains marked- <•) ; run to San- Quentin.
FBOM'SAN RAFAEL T £^N FRANCISCO.
- wteK DAYS — •5:25^- 6:27, 7:45, -8:35 ¦ lft-ia
.'Vn 2 [26. 2 :15. . -3 ;35. 4 :40, 6 :30 P^ t la :*
fc BftBA; TW ? S «'.4°, 11 «¦ "fSfSy"' w e1nesda».
• mi Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. . -
A I^ 5 3^). 6^b. P :^:^ M - 10:^.
EXTRA TRIP8_ on Mondays. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 7:10 and ,10:35 p.* m.. *"
¦^SUNDAYS— fi:05, 10 :(K\. a.; m.. 12:05. 3:15,
S-30 "5:00 -6:45 p. m. .'-.¦-< ... • , . r*
8 .du. o . w. THK " OUGH . TKAjjjg. • ; - ;
6:65 a. m. -week , days— Cazadero and way
stations. . ¦¦•'.:''¦-'.' .•¦',-•.¦¦ ..-\
• 1:45 p.* m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way"
stations. -..;- ¦- .' ' : ¦ ' ..-¦¦--- ¦• ¦ • .- - <
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. -.; -..-¦ ."• - . V- ~ ' ,'.'..- -
• : Legal - Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time- ¦?5@B^gg8m&tatmB&
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40am|10:25am.
3:30pm| 6:00pm| Sebastopol. \ 7:3Spm| 6:20pm,
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark
West Springs and .White Sulphur Springs; . at
Fulton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs;" at GeyserviUe for Skaggs Seringa ; at
Cloverdale for. the Oeyserm; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs* Kelsey-
ville, Carlsbad Springs,. Soda Bay, Lakeport
and .Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Spring*. Blue Lakes, . Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's,.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights. HullvineLOrr'a
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort- Brags.
Westport. Usal, WilUts. LaytonvlHe. Cummin*.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. . Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. . ' , " '.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
dU On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polnU
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •-
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcla
bU H. cf'wHITINO, -B. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. . . Gen.' Pass. Agt. •'
Le^v?*' I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 2oV190l[ San Francisea
Week I Sun- -| - ' • --('-Sun- I Week
Days, j days. | DesUnaUon | days. | Dayai
7:30am 8:00am t Novato, 10.4Oam 8:40am
8:30pm »:30am Petoluma, 6:08pm 10:25ata
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
, IFulton, . ". a ._
7:30am \Vindsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburgr, 10:40am >
Lytton.
. Geyservtlle, - -'
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdalc. 7:35pm 6:20pm,
7 -30am 6:00pm Holland 10:40am 10:25am
3l30pm S^.OOam and Uldan. 7:35pm 6:20pm
T -30am '¦ " V r - 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am GuernevUle. 7:35pm- -___
3:30pm 5:00pm .- 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:16am 8:40am
- and
6 :10pm 5 :00pm Glen Kllen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY.CO. V
LESSEES.' '
SAN FRANCISCO AN3 NORTH PAGlFiG
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
- San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK-DAYS^-7:a0. »:00. 11:00 a.m.; 12:33..
3:30 '5:10, 6:30 p. m. - Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:3© p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at l:5O and 11:30 p. m. . ¦¦« ¦
SUNDAYS — S:0O. 0:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:30.
8:00,. 6;20 p.:-ni. ; ¦ -. '
i San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «: 10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. .* 3:40.- 5:15 p.- m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and K:35 p.-m. ' ;- -~-
SUNDAYS — 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
. 5:05.. 6:25 p. m. - -'¦ _H_1
PERSONALS.
¦^gv elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
V15; with these cults we make an extra pair
of paits free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. . L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth. - '- -¦ : - '¦ ¦
ELECTRIC light In every room — 'Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Et-. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per, week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
¦WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W-.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1C21 Market. nr.6th.
THIS is to certify that I. THEODOR S. HAN-
SEN will not be responsible for any debts
incurred by my wife. HAZEL C. HANSEN.
ehe having left my bed and board. y.
A — "WHAT do you think? O. HERMAN, 48
Ellis makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame' as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
WILL Paul W. Macfarlane ulease communi-
cate with his brother, W. S. ; Macfarlane,
915 M st.. Sacramento. Cal.?
EXCELLENT shampoo for 50c; hair dried In 10
minutes with warm air; private room for
every customer. G. LISDERER, 123 Stockton.
LIQUOR habit: new, safe, sure cure; can be
given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dross P. O. box 552. San Jose. Cak
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley, 1702 Market,
A school to learn hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
V or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
>• CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway*
A — IF your hair is falling or yoii are bald call on
¦ Dr.G.S.Moore,3320'Farrell; eend for circular.
FRANK N. — Send your address; will forward
money to come home; mamma sick. R, N.
ELECTRIC needle specialists ; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H- Eaton. 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B* RAY. 457 Minna, st.
EUPERFLL'OUS hair permanently removed by
elf ctric needle. MRS> M. HARRIS, 426 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric nee<51e.Dr.&Mrs.TraverBe t 117O Market.
ALFREDT'MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hetr to its natural color: $1; a.t all druggists*.
ACTINA for tale by the A'Vlda Company, 763
Valencia St., corner Nineteenth.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists. |
Mrs. BriRgs — Superfluous balr, moles destroyed
bv electric needle. »6S Sutter; tel.Larkln31<l.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costume? at H. Anderson" s, theatri-
cs.1 costumer, 26 O' Parrel! ; country orders.
suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 80.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTES FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 2.V. all druggists.
PHYS1C1AHS AND SURGEONS.
A^SOLl^ElLY~FREE~cbNSULTATION— All
r diseases of men and women treated success-
/ 'ully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
-d FDRDEN. No. 6 Turk st.. corner Mason.
4-DK OLIVK GRCVER, lady physician and
mrston. at 1122 Market et-: hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-S-Office and residence.
1021V., Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
* PROPERTV WANTED.
OWNERS raay find it to their' advantage to list
their properties with us. - We are establish-
ing Eastern connections through which w«
expert to do considerable business. Tho
AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST CO.
(Land Department). Haywards building, cor-
ner California and Montgomery sts.. San
Francisco. '
HEAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
ONLY S3500: '<* cash, balance morttaee at 6
per cent: 2-story bay-window house; let -6x
125; brick foundation; 9 rooms, bath, base-
ment, washhouse. garden; nicely located, 2'/4
blocks west of Valencia.; open for inspection
between 1 and 4 p. ra.. at 108 Chattanooga;
take Mission, Valencia or Keamy transfer at
22d rt. ; cars bring you In front of house.
WANTED — To purchase a residence north of
Eroadwav, from Van Ness ave. to Lyon st.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California et.
WANTED — To purchase lota from Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to Lyon st.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California et.
t LOTS, Excelsior Homestead; muet sell; cash
or on time. 313 Twenty-seventh et. •
6E.VD for book on "•Homes." Wai. P. TODD.
i 1070 Broadway, or 11 Montgomery et-, S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
RIZA.L ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
jPP.ODUCm'E COCKTRT HOMES.
Buy good land.
10 acres, Santa. Clara. $14 15 monthly.
SO acres, S^.nta Cruz, $2500.
Good etock ranch, $3 an acre.
6 acres. Santa Clara, $900.
30 acres. Mountain View, $1600.
CO acres, Santa Cruz Mountains. $2000. -
S6 acres, Santa. Clara, $50 an acre.
Good manufacturing business opening-, Eanta
Clara. '-
15 acres in alfalfa. JSOO.
f'-acre lots, redwood, $225 an acre.
Best property we can find for the least
incney.
WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
£34 Market at. - j
¦ FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing- rapidly; location
best for poultry ana general farming- Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California tt, for
pamphlets and Information.
A DESCRIPTIVE catalogue, published weekly'
lT"f- to buyers and sellers; accurately de-
fenbing a!l classes of country property, after a
personal inspection, for sale and exchange by
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
Eanta Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON I &
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market. S. F.. & San J.
Pr.OFITABLR orange, lemon, peach and prune
* .fende to sell: right locality: big money: easy
HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st
POl'LTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
ctamp for froe list. C. R. Winfleld. 'Petaluma.
C1IKAPKST and bert in America — The "Weekly
Call. 16 -pajres, sent, to any address in the
1 n'ted States or Crnada one year for $1.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
flOO— LOT 28x128. ™ *
$150— Lot 50rl85.
f500 — Lot 120x135.
iJJX 0 ""^ 1 " 11 ?" lot - 12Oxl 32; 5 rooms and bath-
1300 cash, balance $15 per month; 1 block
to etati.on and electric cars. w. c. MORAN
flSOO — NEW 5-room cottage; large lot- stn>»<
work all done; $100 cash, ballnci > ill "5S
. month; 2 blocks to station; eee these n^w
cottages we have, .5. 6 and T rooms; porce-
lain bath, tiled sink, stationary tube h;*h
basement, fine mantel and sideboard! eras
fixture*, tinted walls; fine neighborhood-
ready to move into. W. C. MORAN & CO '
Lorin nation and Schmidt block, Berkeley'
BENl»-for book on "'Homes." WM. P. TODD
1070 Broadway, or 11 Montgomery st.. S. p|
jffUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALB REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins 6t.: 2 blocks from
2 etreet cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage 'of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental ¦ grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.; rent $35 a month; price $4000.
' Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLKITVER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATE.
»3S0 CASH. «0 monthly— Cozy and well-built
cottage of 4 rooms and -bath; fine high base-
ment; brick foundation; good well of water:
2 lots 50x100; ail picket fenced; shed and
chicken-house; some fruit trees and flowers;
fine soil; no fogs or cold winds; : near flnp
t school, electric oar*, town hall and neat
church; over 300 families located In a. ehort
time and growing fact; adjoining East Oak-
land; price, all told, $900. Call or send Tor
circular. 455 Seventh st.,' opposite Broadway
station, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
' owner. '
WE offer' bargains In dwellings and lots In
Oakland and Alameda; for sale and ex-
chsng''.. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st. -'
SEND for book en "Hcmw." WM. P. -TODD.
1070 Broadway, or -11 Montgomery st., S. F.
FCRN£TCJRjE^FOIl^_SAL13.
'inriiMTURK coed «nd. cheap thl» month. , H.
EC1IELLI1AAS, :0S Eleventh, ft.. Oakland. ;
iiENRY J; GALliAGHEfe CO.
(Successor to Flannatran* &" Gallagher ) ' '¦''
DANIEL P.. DONOVAN, Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st:, opposite -Lincoln School
• Telephone South 80. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ' HOUSEKEEPIXG^ROOMS.
TWO large siiimy connecting: rooms with ; gas
: and bath; convenient to local trains; suit-
able tor light housekeeping. Address l*. it..
S02 Railroad ave.. Alameda.. -
ALAMEDA ROOMS; 7^ i^IA
2 LARGE cunny front rooms, with gas and
bath; convenient to local trains; suitable lor
2 gentlemen: breakfast if desired.- Address
L. H.. 802 Railroad ave.. Alameda.- - -.
UOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
(ARIEL and &5llAR~flats, 525 and 531 Turk st. ;
first class; new bldg.; housekeeping suites.
AUSTIN, 102, bet. Bush and Pine,, off- Polk—
2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms. '
BELL. The, 1773 Market— Parlor suite, kitchen,
- gas range. $20: also one single. $6. .-. .<¦-*'
ELLIS 528 — Sunny front parlor suites, $18;
. also 1 large. $12; complete housekeeping.^
LARKINV S04-Ssunny front -suite housekeep-
ing. $11; single room, sunny, $4.
MARTHA- place, 2, off Geary, near Taylor—
Two lower rooms for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Bay window; sun
all day; gas stove; kitchen if desired.
SHIPLEY, 262; near Sixth — 3 connecting
rooms; unfurnished for housekeeping. - . .„
THIRD, 415B — Furnished rooms ;- housekeep-
ing sunny front room and kitchen;. gas; bath.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete. \:
CL4SSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received, at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore.-
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
cubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. __^__..
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, and Unfnrn.
ARCTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S SJxth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, ana
tight housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AKDELU 15 Paere — Sunny furnished rooms;
best In city for price; $1 25 a week.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No." ,1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single;- also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished BUnny rooms; prices reasonable. '. . .
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely- furnished rooms,
35c, $1 60 night; (1 CO, $6 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, 418, The Pierpont — Beautifully f ur-
nlshed eulte ; private bath; sun-all day; $35.
ELUS, . 6S5, cor. Larkin — Sunny bay-window ;
folding bed; mantel; light housekeeping.
FIFTH, 119, Beeond flat— 2 furnished bay-win-
dow rooms to rent. •- - . ¦'- -.
FOLSOM. 810^ — Sunny front and back parlor
and kitchen with range. ' . ¦ ¦- .
FRANCISCO Hotel— -Elegant suites; single,
transient: baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 7»4. corner Hyde — Elegant furnished
suite; also single rooms. ¦ -¦ . j
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
borne at moderate charges ;sult, single ;elevat.
GRANT. 245— New bachelor apartments; fur.
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
GUERRERO, 107 — Two newly furnished rooms
with use of bath, -for single gentlemen; $7..
KEARNT. 34J and 47 Post— Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en eulte or single. , .'
LARKIN, 819% — Sunny front room suitable
| two gentlemen; gas, bath and phone; reas-
onable. . . • ...... . - ; . . .
MARKET. 1032— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
$1 25 single. $1 BO double. "
MARTINET, .1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 541 — Hall room; gas; bath; call morn-
ing, or evening." .. •- . - -' • . .- :
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1. per week; transient. •
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh — Single front
room. $1 25; room for 2. ' $1 50. .-
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, 1539 — Corner Tvom; sunny, clean, -reas-
onable; hot baths: respectable parties only.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,-
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold -water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 23214— Newly, furnished rooms by fhe
week or month. , .
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotef St. Penis. 24 Turk St. .
STOCKTON, 332 — Nice .sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone. : ¦ • .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at : 1096
Valencia st. • ' - - . - - .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms ;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
' first-class board ; reasonable ; phone South £29.
EDDY, 626, The Irvingdale — Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 50 up.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High class hotel ;fur.
suites or single; board optional; steam heat.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
' family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CALIFORNIA, 2228— Nicely furnished rooms;
good board: couples or gents. : " . .
Jf EWLY furnished rooms with " board at low
rate; home cooking. . 827 Mission st.
BUSH. 2215 — Two large sunny j rooms with
board; first-class borne cooking.
VAN. NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
euites. single rooms; first-class table board.
CROCKER, The, 815 ¦ Leaven worth — Sunny
- rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crL
JOHNSON. The. 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
I good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NI ARA, C15 . Taylor — Sunny front : and back
suites: excellent board; terms reasonable.
ROOMS AND ? BOARD WANTED. '¦
WANTED^ — By a' gentleman, ' a nice sunny
. room, with -board, in 'private family; French
or German preferred. Box 4074, Call. : >
-V ROOMS WANTED. . ~~r
DRESSMAKER wishes small room; respectable
refined' family; state terms.' Box 4063, Call.
RUPTURE SAXITARIUBI. . .
RUPTURE CURE— TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1208
Market si. rooms 5 and C; new system.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or ' country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms »-10: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought. bo13. Tented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. t 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bough t_ sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL' Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. - -
PIERCE-R^D^LplT^toT^gTTnoriMovln^CaT
of ftce Post and Powell sts. ; . tel. . Main 6713/
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis -
slon st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.'
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com*
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ;¦ phone Jackson 281/
"AND . SUPPLIES. '
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS--We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city;. rental* $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :ertlmate free. 209Santome.'
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trmlna , \*»rm an* l»r« «!«• t» Mrrlv* a I
. NAN riCANC'IM«:O.
(M>in line. Foot of Market 3tr««t)
tlAVB — gjLOlI FXB&UABT 9. 1903. — AB»tT»
7:0(»a Benlda, Suisun, Elmira tad Sacrv ;
' nionto. ..:....."........ 8:33»
, 7«OOa VicMlIle, Wiottrs, Rnmiey "S-Air
, ~ti'iu\ Martiiioi.Miin lUinnu.Viillpjo. N*p», , - ' - '/
Callsu>ga»ii«lS:iiit» Itosa 8>9Sp /
8:O«a Da?K Woodland. KoijEnti Landing, ' ¦ ¦
MstrysTille. Orovflto.. •¦7JS!lt"
SiOOa Aliautl.: K i press— OgJeti aod Kaat SsSSa '
. »:W«ia Nllen. L*throp, StccKton «:'-i>?
Ssottv Nil.*, .Mnuloti, Hanford. Viaalln,
¦- - I'ntrrTille ....:: :..„.. 4jS«»
StSUA ShiHta Kiprt-ss— Dnis. William* (for . -
. rmrtlett Kprhif!»;. Willow*. Rod
..' ¦¦ lilufl, rortlvud... v ... 7i53»
.¦•3«A San .)n«», IJiennnrp. Htueklon,
. ¦ -r -> Icfiie. , Hacrainriitii. liaeenlUe, •- ' -
- - MurynfillH, Cl)ic«, Ka.l KlnlT 4tS3> ¦
NtSttA OnkiUif. Ohlnese,S«nor». Tuolnmne 4:23» .
Ui«o> ]l:iy\T»nl. Nilt-stDd VVay SUtiou*.. 1 IiASa
ftOOA Vall.jo lJ>23t
:»«a Iaih Ange'.es KxsntmH — llarttmix.
. , . Tnoj. l.»tliroi». Xiooklon. MeretU
¦ Fremio anil Los Angeles 7:954
i»OA Vnlli-j... Marlins m»l W«y .Stations 7i33> .
:«»A The Orerlaml MmlteA— Ogden, l'en-
pii^B*! ter, Omaha. Chl«gi» • •»«*»•
tl:«Or S«cri»inmil.. KUmt : Mi«am«tii._ *llaUO>
ZiWttr It.nlria, Winters. Maeralkiento. '
• '•• Wo.Mil«h.l.- KnicMi J.uudii-K. '
. . Mnryinlllr, «>io»ill« I<*:S.1%.
3>3np HaywHitl. NiU-R uml Way HUtloiil.. T:33r
4:u«r Miiilliiox, Hun iUinim. Vullvju,
¦ .- -, N«l'i%. CiilUtnnj.. S»nt» ltn«»...... 0i2."i%
4ioo r Nlloii, limmon. Stockton. Lo.ll... 12 iM»
4«:>'iv II»yw<nl. Nllm, .s»iv.l,, H tt, Li»« ruiors 't!t>.13A
4:8»fTI,« Owl Uinilxri <- Frmim.Tulffre. i« f x :
t '. lUkersQaM. .Skiigun fur S»iit» U»r- - -
I ' - lmr». I,f| AnuHrii »:S.-»\
•lion* p,,rt OostMTwey. Uthron. Stockton to:*l\
OtMOr Murtiii'iE/AiHioch, 8u>ektun, Um-
i. ced.Fronni.7 I8ia.1»
. K r |U,n»ii. Nile* ami *U» June 7..-J-1*
1«tO«r Vullh). ....:...........; Ili23*-
•¦aor (victual. . Alall—ngden. Denrer..
<>inah», St Ixinfs, <:iifc«go 4»*3»
I *i<M»r Orison Hiitl '«:»lituriiU MifrMwi, n«o- -
I ' trtim-iito, Miirj-tllle. Ur.Mii.K.
I r.iUl»i..l. I'nu^l Smii.it nml Kast f(3»»
Mt«.trSau I'abto, l*..rt l.'oNta. Mirtlaez
: «.;.l Wa» Slatlmi.... 'II>93a
)<ioti- v.iH-. 7i.wy
•'.;• COAST IilNE <N«Tr»w ««««•).
• -¦(yiwt«OI < ifhet Street.) -¦-¦- ; •¦
¦il»* N«i»«rk.t.V!iUTtlII<vSaii.f<is<\Ki'!t<m,
¦ - - " HouM«r(.'rr«k,.S«iiUCriizaiiitW*f '
»tatl<»n«..... .". »««•»
. IHISr Newark, «>nler»illr. Ban. ln»«. N«w •'•• .'¦ "-V
.. . Alinaiimi, r«!t»n. Itoul.Jnr (.-reek.
Santa Cdii mint 1'iinolpal Way
SUtlOMS. .« IO»nOA
. 4il»p Newark. Han ,1n«A; Lou G*tos t8s3»*
' «».3»p Huntrri" Train -San Jose tod Way
-.' Station*. ...... ¦¦•...' t7.ao>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SIS nUSCISCO— root oi muktt Suaet (Slip 8)—
U:\i 11:00 II: 00a.m. 1:03 3:03 B.lBi-.M..
rieiBOHUHD-rMl *r !(••¦>•/.— tii.00 {a.00 J3:C»
10:00».H.». 12:03 " a.TO ¦ i:OQr.tt. " .
COAST- IilNE («ro»il ««»({e). r -;"-
•:.--• (ThlriltuwlTownneml Sto.) -- , . •
S:IUi »aa Joioaud Way Mtatioua. ««*«**
', 7:00* .Sun .lone ami Wuy Stiitlinw t* :l »"A
*/Ti«o* N«w >.!ir«i!fn ..; ,. /4ilO»
SiOOa Cotst Line Limited — Fan Jom.
Gllr«y, SaUnan. Sar. Luis Obispo.
tan** Barbara, Loa Angeln and .
principal Intermediate stitioi*.... IO>4Sr
• <n«A N«n .l<w«. Ties linos. H«nU i'rui.
l*»Hn« uriiiff, tiallnas- San l.uU
Obispo a»«l Principal intermedUta
• Station*!.- , *ltOt
IOiSOa San Jrse ail Way Stations. »i:»3 a
ll:a»A Man .IimruuiI Way . Station* »U6a .
V^i-i.-Vr flan Matrn/ Keilwooil, Menio Park. >'
)¦»!.. Alto. KauU. Clara. .Han .limn.
',- Tre« risos, Santa. Cruz. Salinas,
•* , , Muniereyaii'l raclDe OroTo M«s-*."»*
a::iop .Han .lose ami Way SUtlnim. UH»t
? 4«l»p Saei.Iimeainl l'rii.«ipal Way Stations 3t30»
4iB0r SanMtlJmltfd— Mondays, We<Jnr»- ' •
I ' ¦ ¦' . days, Krid»y», for Lo« Angelen, El " - . .-
i ,,,'•;%;>; P*4Kt Sew Urleans and New York:
I Arrirea Sundays. Tuesday a and
- Thnndays ' ln«13*
t»:OOrS»n Jo«e, Los Oatos and Principal
WaySUtloii* ......'..... <»sOO»#
SiSOf S«n.) one »n.l Principal Way Stations C:SOp
' «:3»p flan Joir ami Way .Station* 7>30p
7>*0rNew Orleans Espren* — Han Lois
- f Obispo, Santa Btrtan, Loa An- .
' . celes. Doming. El Paao. N«w Or-
¦ - leans and East 11:S«A
IlliHf Sail Joan ami Way Stations 7iaOf
j , - A for Morning. .' P fur A f ternoon.
I tflunrtar eicnnted. ' t Snnday only.
I t Saturday only. ' / Tuesdays and Friday*^
PROPOS^S^Conttnned; ¦ / .".¦¦
NOTICE .TO - CONTHACTORS-T-Offlce of the
,: .' Veterans', Home 'of, California/ room '13, • 320
'Sansome st., San Francisco, Cal. — Under and
• in pursuance to an act entitled '-'An act to
: provide for the erection of a modern hospital
¦ building -for the Veterans'. Home, located at
Yountville, Napa -County, 4 Cal.," and- appro-
;¦ prlating ' $25, (XX) '¦ therefor •. (approved March
I 26,-1901, . Statutes : 1901/' page 823), ;and.ln
• accordance with" the resolution of the board
: -of directors of the Veterans" Home of Call-
' fornia, adopted October ,12, 1901, "the board
• ef directors of . the - Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby invites and- advertises : for
; i* sealed proposals for furnishing: the materials
' and . perf ormine the labor for . the - erection
and construction ot said Hospital building/ at
the said Veterans' Home at Yountville, Napa
; County/ In • accordance with*- the -plans, de. •
scriptlons. ¦ bills and specifications, prepared
. therefor by ' George T. •de Colmesnil, . archl-
. tect; and - that contracts based ' upon I such
sealed proposals will be - let, - made and en- ;
tered l.nto; said plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can- be seen and examined I be-
1 tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.'
. m. ; of each : and i every - business day. . f rota
the date . hereof ito the date of said [ contract
?, or . contracts.^- at ¦ the : office of the >aid * dl- !
.rectors of i said Veterans' Home, room 13/
320 Sansome st.;~6an Francisco,. Cal/, v .!
: r A Separate bids will be received and separate
contracts let and entered Into as herein
r above set forth, . for " each ¦pf : the following
-. parts of eaid building, erection or structure,
.Including ¦ the furnishing-- ot labor and ma-
;; terials necessary, therefor,' as required by 'an
act entitled "An act to regulate -contracts "
on behalf of the State In relation to erection
. of (approved March 23/ 1878.
.Statutes. 1873-6, page .427V: and the acU
amendatory thereof. • that • is to say for- the:
_ following parts; -namely: .•< ---'. ;.:
. . ¦'-¦•¦First,-- for the masonry work,' including- all
- brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.'!
• Second, -for the : carpenter, plastering, . elcc- '
. trie and. glazing work/:, , .¦¦-•¦ • -.' . !
Third,*, for. the plumbing, work. '! "
- Fourth, .for the heating work. ¦ ¦
' - Fifth, -for the tinning, galvanized iron and
elating -work, and; '••-'• r ¦ . - .'¦''..< .
Slxth, r for the painting and graining/ •
Said- work as herein provided f or • coraprls- '
ing the administration .block,, and the two
¦front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
- tlona. bills and specifications, including the
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor there<or. ¦ - ¦
,¦' The work is to be done" under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac H.'. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees -of, £a Id Veterans' Home, acting
: for and on the behalf of Its said board of
directors.- : '. .. - . ¦ ; . .-,\-r.
A separate contract -will be letfor as many
different kinds of work as are hereinabove
epeclfled. No bid or proposal will be received
... or considered unless accompanied with a goofl
- and sufficient bond -of [ said proposer or bid-
. der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid, with sufficient, sureties. 'conditioned' that
. if eald proposal or bid shall be accepted the
. party proposing or bidding will duly enter
Into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts. In accord-
ance with said proposal or bid. and the plans
•.descriptions, bills and specifications, which
•are hereby made a part -of this notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter. . -
¦ —Said sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the said directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, or to the secretary there*
of. at the office of said directors • room 13
S2O Eansome st. In the city and -county of
San Francisco, State of California, on' or
J before the hour of 1 :30 p. m. of the twenty-
¦ J second ' day . of March, 1902 . which is hereby
designated as the time and place - where . tha
said sealed bids or proposals will be opened
by the , said- directors of the j said Veterans'
'•Home, and said contracts let and made
-" •If In the opinion of said board- of directors
of the said Veterans' Home the ¦ acceptance
- of the lowest of, said sealed bids or proposals
shall not be for the best interests ,of < the
State, said board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any of said bids or 'pro-
posals opened as In thflr opinion may be for
- the best Interests of the State, under and in
accordance with and as provided by the tern?s
of section 4 of the said act entitled "An
. act to •¦ regulate contracts on behalf -of tha
' State In relation to erection and buildings"
(approved March 23. 1876. Statutes 1875-0
page 427). or to reject any- or all otXgald
sealed bids or proposals. •; , ' .
' For .further. lnformation and' particulars
bidding* contractors I are hereby referred i to
the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at • the office of said board
of directors, as hereinabove set forth.
By order of the board of directors of. the
.Veterans' Home of California, \. .
•- J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary."
Dated February 10. 1902. , «
EDLIN— In Phoenix, Ariz., February 22. 1902,
l<ena,: beloved . daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J
/¦ Edlin, and sister ot Max, Blanche and New-
¦'/' ton • Edlin, : a native vof Sioux "Clty.Ma.; aged
• 15 years. : (Sioux City papers please copy.):-'
i'-*tr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to attend the funeral . services
to-day at 10:15 , o'clock, at the
residence of her uncle, 218 Twelfth street.
' Interment- Hills' of- Eternity Cemetery, by
11 :80 o'clock train , from Third and Town-
. send streets.- .-¦'. -;•¦ ¦-.. ¦ : ¦.;•,*':
ENOELHARDT-In this city." February '^24,
. 1SW2, Henriette D. Engelhardt, t belove-1
mother of Mrs. F. F. Haggett and John B.
'Ehgelhardt,,- a .native of . Germany, , aged 7B
-'¦'-'¦ years :. 11" months -and 3 days. , ,, • .¦.•'¦*-'/
V CTFrlends and acquaintances a»e respect-
') fully Invited to attend the funeral - Wednes-
day, Febmary - 26, at,2:30 o'clock, from' her
¦late residence, 541 First avenue, • off • Point
! Lobps avenue. .Interment. Laurel H1U Ceme-"
:• tety.'.- .' • '. ¦¦ .".'': '-" • ' /. ¦' .•'•¦' ' : .., s _-
OAOLIARrXMln Fairfax/February. 24, 1902,'
Antonio Gagliardo. beloved husband of Cath-
erlna Gagliardo,' and father of John H. Gag-
liardo, a native of Chiavari; .Italy,- aged CO
-, years. ... - . ¦ .- . '' :'¦'¦ ~ ¦ - - •' -' • " .?>¦;*¦¦¦ ;
'¦'..- CCT Remains are at the parlors of Edward
• Eden, Sari Rafael. .:'¦. ;'.,/. .
GELLBY— In .this city/February 22. 1902,
> Eliza Gellev, beloved wife of : Henry • Gellej,.
*- and sister of J, J. Jordan, a native of Dub-.
.. Hn, Ireland. I aged 67- years. • :
CInterment private in Holy. Cross Ceme-
/ tery. • ¦-.-/- ; ; .; ¦ ¦ "•¦, •'. <:..\ .:- .-
GOLbSTEIN— In this city, - February-S4, 19.02,
: Louis Goldstein,, a native of New York City.
1 GRAB1LL— In this city, February "22, 1902,
: - Mallnda, widow of the Jate George G. Gra-
• bill, and beloved -mother of -; Sarah G. and
•Oeorge D. Grabill, a t native: or Pennsylva-
nia, aged 74 years. '• ; v
|C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to I attend the funeral to-day'
- (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, - from , her late resl-
.dence, 1077 Valencia" street. ""¦;• : ¦ ••
GREUL — In this ' citr. : February. . 24, 1902;
Charles Greul, a native of New Tork' City.
" aged 41 years. * - * ¦ ¦ • ¦"" " . •
i / CTThe funeral will take place- to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from \he parlors of
'the 'Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. -\ Cremation Cypress
¦ Lawn' Cemetery. : : ¦ >'•",¦:"-•'..¦ - ¦:--¦ /
HAMMER — In Alameda, February 23. 1902." at
. his residence. 1552. Everett street. Frederick
ffi H. Hammer, beloved husband of. Louisa
Hammer, .and father of Frank,/ William.
George, Edwin and Fred Hammer. • a natlvo
t of Germany, aged 65 years 2 months and 28
days. ...•.¦-'':-......' - . . -.. ¦ '..-•.,'
(CTFuneral to-day (Tuesday),' at'10:o* clock.
Interment private. ¦;' . .'• ; - ¦ -^ :
HANLON— At rest,'; in : this city, 1 February 23,
', 1902.V' Ann.- beloved wife of the late Valen-
tine Hanlon. a' native of /Dublin, Ireland. ;
: (D^.The funeral will -t, take .. place to-day
(Tuesday), att 8:30' o'clock, ; from, her late
residence.- 1433 ¦ Jackson - street, ¦ thence tor St."
Brigid' s -Church,* where- a solemn requiem
; mass- .wiUVbe .celebrated reboae; of
her, soul, commencing, at 9 ;o'clock. Friends
-are invited to attend. Interment Holy Cross
' - Cemetery. . Please omit •' flowers. - ¦ .; ¦ " - ;
HAUSMANN— In this city. February 23, 1902,
Joseph, dearly 'beloved .husband .of Evallna
¦ Hausmann, ,ai- native Bohemia, ¦ aged 55
¦' "year*." (Reno * and .. jBureka, Nev., ¦• papers
¦¦. please copy.) -.=. /.¦,¦..'¦ -••;:••,¦¦„•;/••••.-.;' •¦•
. C7 Friends and : acquaintances . are . respect-
fully invited to .-attend : the. -funeral : to-day
(Tuesday), at' 10. o'clock, from ,B. B. , Hall,"
. . 121 Eddy street, where services will • be held
under the auspices of- the Board of Relief.
I. ¦ O- -B.B., and thence '.by 11:30 o'clock
" train to New Salem Cemetery for interment.
Remains at the parlors of Theodor ¦ Dlerksv
957 Mission street,' between Fifth and Sixth.
HIGGINS— In . this - city, February - 23," 1902.
ft Margaret Hlgglns, beloved mother of Joseph
J.. Patrick S.' and Robert E. Higgins. Mrs.
J. H. Barry and the late : Edward M. Hig-
gins, a native of County ' Galway, Ireland,
ajed W yeari. •• ..'. . .. / *
CTFrienda' are 'respectfully invited -to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday)," at
0 ' o'clock: from . her » late residence. , 32J7
Seventeenth , street,-. thence to , the - Church -of
St. Charles Borromeo, where a. solemn re-
qulem high mass will be celebrated for-the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock,
interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ \ I
IMSAND — In this \ city. -February 24, . 1002.
Elizabeth. "• beloved daughter, of' John-, and
Katharine ¦ Imsand, t and '. sister ¦ of • Adolph,'
" Frieda. Julia and " Celestina Imsand, a na-'
' tlve of San -Francisco,.. aged 1 year. 4 months
• and 8 days. ; • ¦ -/
JOHNS— In this city, February 24, 1902, Rev.
.Raymond I H.' Johns, ; a native of London,
~- England, aged • 60 . years. - - "; - \ . : : / ¦ —
¦ • CT A " solemn reyulem high mass will : be
: celebrated for N the- reposa of his soul, to-day
(Tuesday), ." at 0 o'clock, 'at ; St. '•Dominic's
Church, Bush : and Steiner streets. ': Inter-
ment at Benicia, Wednesday, at; 10 o'clock.
KEEFE — In this' city, February ¦• 24, 1902,
Daniel, beloved -husband of -Ann Keefe. ¦ and
loving father of May, ' John; Arthur, Daniel
? and Ethel Keefe, a native of Elmira, N. Y.,
aged 4S years 2 mpnths and l« ; days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-.
day morning, February * 2B. - at 8 :30 o'clock,
' from • his late residence, 260C . Howard I street, '
thence to St. Peter's Church, TwentjM*ourth
and Alabama, streets, ; where a solemn , re-
quiem mass will i be celebrated* for the repose
•of his soul,? commencing at 0 - o'clock. • In-
terment HolyCross Cemetery., ¦;.;/. ;
LA GRANGE— In San Jose,; February, 23, ,1002,
Charles E. La Grange, beloved • son of \ Mrs.
Matilda A. Long, and brother of Mrs. ' S. F
Long -and M:' F. La , Grange, a nati\-e of
California,; aged; 42 years. ,- !
MACKINTOSH-^In - ' this . city," February 23, ,
' 1002 ' at | her ¦' residence, • 935 Union .*' street,"
" Elizabeth' C... beloved wife of Daniel Mackin-
tosh, and mother. of William C. ; Mackintosh. -
- a native of Pictou. < Nova 6cotia, aged S3
years. (Providence, ; R. ¦ I.*, and ; New, ..York
.papers please copy.)/ ¦¦
(OTuneral ;' services will be held to-day
"¦'(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, ; at ¦ the ¦ parlors of
N. Gray & Co.. 041 Sacramento street. In-
terment private. Laurel Hill Cemetery, a. ' :
OHLMANN— In this city,' : February - 24, . 1002,
Charles . Ohlmann,! as- native :- of . Germany,
aged 43 years. 'A member of Schiller Stamm,:
• u. o.-R. m. // ¦:'"'¦ : - «/>¦" ; ;•¦'-¦ '¦¦-'• ¦-;•-¦:
CT" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the | parlors : of iTheodor,' Dierks. 957 ' Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth.
RICHARDSON— In ¦ this ..' city,"/ February .23, \
'1002,- ' Ellwood ' E.,"' beloved eon of F. H. and -
. R.' . V. ¦ Richardson, i a '.native : of ? San - Fran-
cisco,, aged 4 years .7 months. and (!"days.\ y' 1
SCOBIE— la this city,'- Febnlary 23, /1902, ¦ at
¦ his residence, " 874 ; Fell : street,-; James Scobie,
beloved'- husband "- of -,. Agnes -Anne Scoble,'
father of ¦ Mrs. Marguerite Scobie < Davis of
Princeton,"- N." 'J..' brother; of Mrs.- Catherln-j
. Griffln," and uncle : of Mrs.Uessie Wells, Mrs..
Mary' Ungewitter," James : S. : Hurry, and
James, John, '.- David," Alex ¦ and Richard ' Ai-
- nott, ¦ a:, native of - Scotland; aged C6 ; years ¦ 3
s • months and -15 days; . ' - - ¦ s . .-.; ..- .*, . •/
•- '- ' CTFrlenda - and r acquaintances '.are respect-
fully invited to attend; the, funeral to-morrow.
v (Wednesday), at. 1 o'clock,'; from- his late resi-
dence, 874 Fell street, .between Fillmore and
'¦ Steiner. * Interment I Cypress i Lawn Cemetery,-
.by electric funeral car. from v Eighteenth: an 1
-Guerrero streets. . ; g ;.: : '; -', ;.
SIMON— In this? clty.VFebruary; 24, 1302.V at
-his' residence, j. 520 •> Grove street, John,; be-
•" loved husband of , Bertha. Simon,: and 3 father
/-¦ of « Herman Simon '» of • Kansas i City, v R. ;„ A;;'
Scott- S.',' Sol jS.': and D. -. J. ; Simon, Mrs." H.
' Frolich, xMrs.?M. >Barasch • and -, MtS.:-Ray!
/Col)n. of Oakland,. a native of Russia," aged 72
• • years, r'."-"*' >¦'¦¦¦ ' '¦ -•• '¦"-'. ¦.'"'¦'-¦ --•-•¦'.'! •*-.> -'"'
... iET Friendu and " acquaintances are • respect-
-;-. fully Invited . to attend the funeral I to-morrow
v (Wednesday), '< at 10 ' o'clock, from > Odd . Fel-
lows', t Hall, -i Seventh '¦¦ and •- Market " streets,
' " where i services will = be held, ij Interment i Sa-
' ¦ lem " f Cemetery, i by ¦¦ 11 :30 = o clock train f ronv
¦ : Third i and sTownsend streets. •>.. > > .'.
. SMITH— In this i city,' February , 23, 1002, James
¦• "R -beloved husbandvcfS the "late- Mary .A '
r . Smith, i and father, of ¦; Charles ¦ R..J James • R;
< ; and ; Teresa' Smith, ; a ¦ native 3 of,-; Baltimore,
v i Md., aged [ 75 years and 21 days.',*. ' .' :. ,- - -/.,
,i> j^The -A funeral * will /.take x place to-day
.' (Tuesday),' from ; the - residence \ of ', his ; son, '
¦ ¦ Charles R. • Smith," 150 . Hawthorne", street. , : . at
>' 2; o'clock.-;.: Funeral, and j Interment -private. i>;
TREFZ— In : this city,* February ; 23, 1602," Maria
- ' P.-'' He!ene > Trefz; •¦ beloved I dau srhter » of i Mr 'i
ana Mrs.- ' Adolyh Trefz,; and Biater of Adolph
BRIGHAM— In Oakland. , February^ 24. '1902,
. at the residence of , his son, 1007 Oak streets
: Calvin ' O., i father of ' F. • E. - Brigham; . a ; na- 1
; ti ve of New . Tork, aged 79 years ¦ 5 months
':-, and ; 25 days. "?. :/ ..'./'"•¦? */ r ' ' .¦•-.•'. A ¦-•
• (CTTriends and 'acquaintances are respect-
/' fully, invited ; to . attend the; funeral servjees
'Wednesday afternoon, . February 26, . 190Z, at
K 2:30 o'clock,' at the residence of his son, 1007
./Oak street, Oakland. Interment u private..;;:
BURNS--In this city, February 24i ; ia02,Frari- :
= ces Burns, beloved daughter of -William and
Llztle Burns, ' a" native, 1 of •;' San; Francisco,
'"aged 3 months and 1 day. . -'.:'-¦' '¦-
CORTELYOU— In this city.' February 24, 1002,
I Cornelius J L.'.' » beloved." husband of Sarah. 1 . A.
Cortelyou, and father of Edwin and; Peter
/ L. Cortelyou, I Mrs. S. E. : Smith. Mrs. • J.; H.
" Taylor and Mrs. C. H. Smith, : a native . of
' New Tork. aged 68 years , 7 months and ' 26
¦days.' ¦/'¦¦;' ¦:.."..',".•..-. u- ¦' -¦¦-¦¦".• ' *'¦ •-¦ ; ' '¦ '
-'/• :•• ICTRemains at/the" residence - of- his son,
t Edwin - Cortelyou. 2928 - Folsom . street, be-
: tweert ¦ Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. ; Fu-
* neral "services * -.will " be* : : held: , to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), " at 1 o'clock, at the residence
Vof his daughter, Mrs. J.' H. Taylor, 524 Wil-
v.llam street, between. Telegraph and San
; • Pablo avenues,;. Oakland." :> Interment ¦ Moun-
tain Tlew / Cemetery, Oakland.^; ¦• .. ¦;,.-. .
COUGHUAN— In this- city, February 24,' 1902,
-Mary, beloved 1 mother- of . J. R., T. ¦¦. J» and
/the. late 'Mary and Henry J.Coughian, a na-
tive of County Clare, Ireland, aged 54 years.
' * ty Remains at the funeral . parlors of Mc-
. Ginn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister street. '
DODOE — In this /' city, ' February ¦ 24, 1902,
Henry Lee Dodge, a native of Vermont, aged
'^77 years and 23 days. -• . ; • • .' • ' : -
KT Funeral - services to-morrow (Wednes-
day)," at 1 o'clock, at his late residence," 2015
Frahklin street. .Interment private.. .
DONOHJJE-^In- this city. February 24, 1902,
Hannah, -beloved wife of the late John Dono-
"¦' hue, mother of John J.: P. Donahue and the
' late Mary iC. Dineen.' and :, sister of - Miss
Bridget Nash and John - Nash " of Boston. . a
native of Castle, County Galway, Ireland,
aged 65 years. . (Boston, Mass.," papers please
jcopy.) ..•¦-¦--. ; .-¦ . -: ¦¦..-- " - '•?: "; V-v-'»' -.•¦-
;. . (ir Friends apd' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at -8 :30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1100 Stevenson street,; off Potter,
.' between Mission and Valencia.^ thence to St.
.Joseph's Church. ' where a requiem high mass
• will be celebrated for the repose of her. soul,
.commencing ¦ at 9 . o'clock.? Interment- Holy
• Cross Cemetery. , ~ ¦ : T , '>' : r - ,^ -" '
BAIL WAY ' TBAVEL.
• " '. " C7"Friends ; and: acquaintances ! are '¦ respect-
'fulljv invited* to "attend the. funeral ao-day
: .-,'• (Tuesday), : at = 2 o'clock.'- from the ; residence
' ? of % the - parents, '- corner,: Pacific .,' and i; Larkin
'.streets.'., Interment (-Laurel Hill • Cemetery. '
WHITTIER— In "' this ; city/r February ] 23, ' 1902,
James E. Whittier, a native of Maine, "aged
c -47 years S ¦ months . and " 21 ! day s.' » :..-." - s
"'•'•¦''* CTFuneral : and . Interment '.. private. •.*.' ¦
- ¦•,-"*-¦- -' *^ ¦**¦'•/ *~ ¦ -" " * ¦ " "'•"'¦
*C. \Tref z. t alnatlve of ' San ', Francisco, aged 1
year 6 months and 23, days. ;- /; :• i ,.
FLORAL .DESIGNS
' r Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL STn^ELUS £E£ 5058
Sahtia Fe
Tpaiiis-baiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot." J
'•' : Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local,
. . ' Dally DaUy Dally Daily
Lv San Fran 7:20a 8:00a 8:00p 4:20»
Ar Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
«: Fresno/.. 2:06 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:80 p
"iHanford.. 3:12 p 3:27p 0:O5»
" Vlsalia... 3:39 p ...... 5:0Oa
•V Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:2Op 7:45a .......
•• Kan. City ...... 2:40a 7:30 a ......
"Chicago.. ...... 2:13P 9:0OP ......
• a for mcrning. p for afternoon.
9 :0O a. m. train Is > the California ¦ Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and.
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of '
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 13:30
p. m. dafly -.-"'•' ¦ ' '. " — •-- "
,8 p. m. is! the Overland , Express, - with
through. Palace and -Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining 1 Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at ¦ Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m. -
'* 7 :20 a. '• mt Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquta Valley. • Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
¦Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
'Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broad-way.
¦ Oakland. ___________'l| ShelTalked; About ¦Her^Garters. |
* ' "She" ma.de/6uch ":? &¦ fuss "about 'I ' it r and ;
talked so'much^of her' loss^that Ibecame
sick ; and ¦- tired" of ; the r subject : and i toldiherj
,that*I ? would buyiheri another: pair : if she
would- keep, quiet and'noti complain.',^* » : .i
*:v"Then-you"volunteeredUoSbuy the gar-''
ters.".<: asked* Attorney.; Collins.y><Y!SJBBBfl
iv"WeIi;' ; I- thought 1 that If. was! the' proper,
thing: to ido;":» replied^' Anderson, Vl'as" she
i said ( she had lost one : of her garters while
•in!my company." , - . : v- <.,¦
• Anderson ; stated (that in 'the : drive' 1 from
,TrpcaderOito4the^De>Brettvllle}home the
¦ plaintiff I talked : about "• her t lost i garter ' all
: the' time; :/f ~ r? ; > 4^-i,* -*'.-', -"'• :¦-"¦,¦¦¦ ..¦•¦- •.•:.•..¦-,
£ you ¦', mean ; to * say- that • she i spoke
of i nothing. else,"r said. Collins." •>.,>.\C. ,
'¦ i '-J'WeU;''iwe.j ; spoke i£ of -v some , other i* sub
replied AndersonV-Vbut she brought.
before'- he' answered^ his -questions."' -.; v .,-*
' -. But ¦ 'Anderson : , was ' ; not to : be stay ed.i He
was questioned by -Collins as to.hls drives
.to Trocaderovwith -Alma;: the '.kisses that
the plaintiff^gave ihim. the first time, they
sat ¦ behind- a. fast -team ; .- the I visits : to : the
DeV Brettevllleihome;.. the J alleged Insist
encoj of -iAlmaV that-: she 'wanted ivaluabjo
rings.v cloaks.t dresses, ; etc. ; but, .through
all the answers of. l the defendant loomed
•up^Bis- positives assertion ; that -'he ¦:; had"
n?rer - : contemplated- matrimony' with -the'
plaintiff :and that the whole .world did^npt
contain with-' whom he-would
obligate'; himself to through /life. "¦;'
/. Captain \ Lundberg Was VCupidi J'. > '
.¦ According to Anderson his » friend, Cap-
w tain : Lundberg.'played the role, of /'Cupid''
fahd' ma'dej the < engagements t for. the [ drives
*of .'theCplaiqtiff- and; the' defendant.' • ; '; ¦ - .
.• Anderspn-clalmed that in the five weeks
that ;he.pald( sprrie -attention ", to -Alma, his
bank account-' jyas depleted; to :the tune' of
?1500, but-thali'when -..the- young « lady,-; told j
him that •. '.'an. -old .'divorced t*man 'like* he
was.shouldithihkhirnself .lucky- to : go out
.with a-. nice : girl, % he. decided^that it ; was.
i time ; to 'stop i his \ drives v in.',the I park -, and
.little" dinners ?at/.'a ; downtown rrestaurant
with'Alma as'his r companlon. - •..•-,
r.The^entire -testimony of -Anderson, wa?
a general denia 1 '-of the., evidence given by
the plaintiff, and: her relatives! ¦>"•?;>:>;.)•., .
T- Anderson said that the first. time he .went
drlvingiwith' Alma'.he had.doneiso at th«:
request .of, Captain .. and Mrsr-^Iiundberg. 1 '
;,They- had masked him Ho','; meet -V! Miss:- de
; Bretteville; and take her with; them -for: a
¦jdr'lve:. > : : .v-\v-".rJ''.' l ".V--v-''r'. 1 .-:-' ".'•.-' "'¦-*,- --j '¦¦'','¦'
i'-. "I went, drivlrig! every, day," said Ander
son, ¦ ''and- It f -was- immaterial % to i me:", who
.went .: along.i. ! ; - Trocadero g th«
first: tirhe : we'weht'out;driving.aridiwe all
drank>cocktails.c>I-dld not drink the- cock-:
tails - ordered for 3 Miss de <Bretteville;'-I:
guess that she* can- stand r her ''share 'with:
the/ rest of us."-^ ¦ ,¦ ¦ '¦ '*>--U:? ¦„'/•¦ C' • : : v .-•'.". '¦•' ' ,
-• .When Attorney .' Collins : questioned '• An"
derson >as? to "his 'purchase * of • a " pair, of
gold-mounted'gartersJfor., the ; plaintiff -the ¦
defendant- said; thaf! the f young.' lady; j com-'
'plained.that ; '-she ! had j lost^one of- hergar
;ters during the' first 'time they went driv
ing.'-; .. *"- ••.'•'-.¦.- ' .: ¦;¦. ¦ ..•¦.¦¦.-.-. -'¦;
Judge: Kerrigan , when .the .hearing of .the
case. was resumed- yesterday morningiarid
"standing room' only)' was' at a.' premium. j
. ; •' Anderson^ on the Stand. V >
..'Anderson answered thV'queetiohs of At-"
-torney Collins ' before ','the lawyer "had a
to finish -ilils.' queries, ..and he ac- j
companied ;hls- answers: with voluble ex- j
planatiOns'and argumentative retorts. ; In
t valh > did \, Collins signal to his . client -to
remain . quiet. <> Andersgn rattled- on v.like
the waters;' of '.Five Finger - Raipids in .the
.Klondike.7 i.^:/.-;.-;; ,. ...•¦.....'''.
* "If he would only keepqulet-for a rnlii
utf,"'.whispered Attorney Barnes 'to -hts;
.colleague Farquar. "if he' would only ; take
out :his..:pocketi. comb ;and , fix- up his, hair_
THE 'fAIR V . PLAINTIFF '.'AND
& SOME '"VIEWS' OF rTHE' iDE
;-.'FENDANTX\:"'-1, - ' ,' ; W*?& • ' - " V
:• "No, I did not. ; She was too tall," re
plied the -defendant.; , "She- just stooped
down and .kissed'.'me -and ..'then straight
ened up again."- .'*'-¦• _ • .;
'The defendant was- then 'questioned as
to the visit to Sonoma;. ,with". Miss de
.Brettville to attend- a wedding, and he
,was positive " that some: 'one-, had "put
. up a job on him," when he found a ten
cent brass ring in the piece of - Wedding
cake that fell to his. share.
¦ ,The incident; of ; the - giving -of the gar
ters seemed to have a' fascination for the
attorney; for, the^plaintiff. for Anderson
.was' again questioned 'about the matter
when he resumed the witness chair after
the adjournment for lunch.
;\" "How many times, have you given gar
ters to ladies?" asked Collins,
v WNever. before." replied. Anderson : "for
r was never asked .to do so, and Miss
. Alma 'asked me for". them!"
K, The defendant 1 then told of the various
drives : he had . taken • with Alma and how
he had allowed: her to use his' horses.
t _ Were there'*ariyN kisses on the other
drives?" asked Xo'.lins.V .
*r''No;' she kept -. away, - f rdni that." re
plied Andeison.-*,'-'! did not have apresent
with me every^.time and ; she only kissed
me, after ; the , first, time,'^Whenever I irave
her a 'present.'.'- . b
; ;';;¦.. A 1 Little Piece! of. String.
: -Ques tione'd ¦ &sj to \ the: purchase t of two
valuable rings for Alma,/ .the defendant
claimed that- she:had; begged him to buv
: them;-for she ;»had seen;. . them . in' the
stores and set; her heart *on having the
gems. : : . ,. ¦ --.j. -: ,<. >. ; ? - : .- - : ..-. , „ .
:_ "She said to me .that if I would get her
the^marquise ring that she would give me
fv, i B l i9 Z :i }"' ? ai ? nders on. ... He denied
that - he Oiad selected 1 the • ring ¦ until after -
Alma: had. spoken to him about It ; and
given him .the;. Vlittle, piece' of string"
with which she had; measured her finger
¦£: , 1 5 had to ? have the '• ring made : larger,' '
said Anderson; ;'for j she >. had big : fingers.
She- always ; in the / kitchen, she
told me." .... ,•'•'-• ." ; . - ,-•
T: The jJefendant said '.that he did ' not
ylslt.the De Bretteville home especially- to
see ?_ Alma," but .that he "liked all the
family. ..-'i-- y~ %¦¦¦¦¦ C;'t;^''> .•_¦.¦ .-¦ . -
i :;Dldr youv give' -t any, . of :Vh*er : : relatives
presents? : K - ; ;. "' ¦¦¦ .-,..'-.'.,,¦ ,i
\1 "No," because thoy^ did not 'ask * me for
any..- One- at- a-time-in- the" family was
¦enough: for. me."' ,v -¦':¦,:-., .
<¦ According. to ; the ; , defendant he did not
have a, chance; to pay; any particular at
tention- to ¦ Alma^whlle>Mrtslting ¦ ' her at
home.'for-he declared, that' he was never
alone .with her, but that some of her rela
tiyes were v present, v ¦¦-¦'¦- -; r '
:. Anderson's > version -of ' the purchasp ' of
the | ;second-ringrwa S ythat P Affi^a^
again ; implored : him to 'buy. the t eem and
that ; he ; : had done < so. >;': A .'""-•, B ™.- -,* nd v
i_ Anderson! Becomes Indignant;
y Attorney j CollinsV; then "asked ¦ Anderinn
if he had not informed some of hlsfriends
.that he iwas engaged to j marry. Alma and
[the defendant replied: . * , : ¦¦ ™ ' ¦ "-**.
> -iVI : never.- said : that I .was engaged to , her
or to any other; woman, and I never will
,|. /"'Do, you, know Mrs/ Oakes?':' asked';Col
p ."Yes; I know^her,", was Anderson's an-
!. "Did you ' not" propose ;to her ?"a queried
• -'What.; td;Mrs:.(Oakes?V- yelled Aiidef
son... '"What; do > you take i me! for? - Why
.. she; v is .la p married : woman."..-.:* The , reply -
Alma Too Tall to Kiss. -
it up before. me all- the time."
"•What.the garter?" asked Attorney
Barnes. . -- • '
,"No,'" the '.loss of, it." replied Anderson,
and • there* •was." another loud laugh
throughout' the courtroom.
'.' When. -Anderson" was asked as ¦ to. tha
kisses Alma gave- him the first time he
went driving,! he- testified that he was sit
ting with the plaintiff in the-rear. of .the
vehicle and; that suddenly Alma kissed
htm. ¦ ¦"¦-.¦-¦ .'/;,.- • ,; .- :-i,;-;.v • '.;.¦•
' '¦ '.'Then' she was the aggressor?" asked
'Attorney - Collins.* '¦:. •¦ '
"Well. I did not -give "* my r permission
flrst/'^answer^d 'Anderson, I'butJ did not
object. I like to -kiss a pretty girl,, and
so I returned the kiss." •
''Were you not" surprised at "the .'young
lady kissing"you first?" was asked of the
defendant. ' j- ' ••¦"'.
; "Oh, no. . I am' used to that sort of
,thing,V ; answered AndersonJ and court,
jury, lawyers and 'public joined in a
hearty- laugh. . : . .. ; ' -
i When askedTabout the second , kiss he
received. ; Anderson said that it was in
.the rooms of the Trocadero, after drinks
had been served. * • , " *
; "Did. you return that kiss?" he ..was
asked.
Judge Hunt. Renders a Decision to
$he Suit Brought by Hiram
•TJnruh.
. Hiram Unruh 'is, not entitled to any of
the Blythe estate, despite the fact that
Alice Edith Dlckason deeded the- estate
to him, In. consideration of loans made
by him to Mrs. Dickason during the
progress of the famous Blythe suit A
decision rendered. by Judge Hunt yester
day in the suit of Unruh against Flor
ence Moore settled Unruh's claim and
destroyed whatever hope Alice Edith
may I have had of getting the late mil
lionaire's estate.
Judge Hunt, based his decision on thu
decision of the Superior Judges rendered
at. the conclusion of the famous trial, a
decision subsequently confirmed by the
Supreme Court, wherein Florence Blythe
was declared to be the only heir of
Blythe. Hunt said that the dismissal of
the appeals taken from that judgment
and the order of distribution made In
1894 act. as a full estoppel of any further
proceedings.
A motion to strike out all the testimony
offered by the witnesses for the plaintiff
L n the »ult Just decided was also granted
by Judge Hunt.
McKE3TZIE TEIXS QUEER
TALE OF BEING BOBBED
Says He Knows the Man, but Doea
Not Procure a Warrant for
; His Arrest. *'
•; N. McKenzie, who lives at 174 Perry
street, reported to the police yesterday a
queer tale of robbery. He said he met a
man last Friday at 612 Howard street,
who asked him to come to his room. He
went with him, and after several drinks
of wine the man threw him down an''
robbed him of $40 in gold.
Since then McKenzie has been looking
for the man and said he had located him
on Adeline street, Oakland. He was ad
vised to swear out a warrant for his ar
rest, but for some reason he failed to do
so/ Captain Seymour notified the Oak
land police, and asked them to see if the
man mentioned by McKenzie lived on
Adeline street, and If so to arrest him
FLORENCE MOORE STILL v
OWNS BLYTHE ESTAT2'
¦ ;
I Secret Service Agents Harry Moffltt and
Thomas Foster have unearthed the crim
inal record of James H. McDonough.
alias J. H. Meyer, who was arrested last
week with Kred Grey In their rooms at
748 Harrison street, where were found"
counterfeiting tools. and bogus money.
The officers report that McDonough was
sent to the Folsom Penitentiary on Sep-:
.tember 2, 1S78, to serve a one-year sen>*
tence for burglary committed in this citv
His name appears on the penitentiary
record as Henry Meyer, alias "Virginia
Jim,' and. his number was 4496.
:• McDonough admitted yesterday that it
wa» he who shot Conductor Massey a few
years ago. He was acquitted on the plea
of self-defense. Before he,- and Fred Grey
were taken before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock yesterday McDon
ough remarked to the secret service men
that he thought Grey wanted to lug him
to the penitentiary with him. He said
also that the counterfeiting tools found la
his valise did not belong to him, but that
they had been placed there by Grey, un
known to him. Commissioner Heacock
held both men to answer before the Fed
each Grand Jury * with bal1 flxed at *2UC9
1 They have been charged with conspirlns
to defraud the United States by counter
feiting, or preparing to counterfeit, its
coin. A charge of counterfeiting was not
preferred against them on account of the
decision of United States District Judzs
de Haven in the Krick case. The Frick*.
father and son,- -were caught with coun
terfeit ten-dollar pieces .in their posses
sion. These pieces were of white metal
and had not been gilded. Judge de Ha
yen ruled that not being- gilded, and be
ing of the color of silver, they could not
deceive any one. Similar coins were found,
in the possession of Grey and McDon
ough, and because of the Frick decision
a charge of being in possession of coun
terfeit money was not made.
Wednesday at 10 a. m. was set as tha
time for their examination.
Attorney Collins, then asked Anderson
as -to any paintings he- had seen ¦ ih the
De Bretteville home, but ahe ; defendant
replied that he could not remember hav
ing, seen any there, ,-i.
Collins then proceeded to read off a list
of paintings, • tne work of the fair Alma,
but to each title Anderson answered that
he was Ignorant of. the work.
"Did vou'. ever see a painting entitled
'Bon Jour?," asked- Collins. ¦:,¦--,
"What's that?" shouted ; Anderson.
Collins repeated his question and in
formed the defendant that the two final
words were French.
"I never saw anything like ' that," an
swered Anderson, and the courtroom of
people laughed.- t .
Anderson was then excused and A. C.
Ahlers * and J. -D. Abrams, salesmen for
jewelry houses, were placed on the stand.
They testified that Anderson had- come
to the stores and ; purchased the rings
produced in evidence and that Miss de
Bretteville had not previously called and
selected the gems. .-; ¦ .. .
Attorney Barnes In cross-examination
elicited from the witnesses t$at the plain
tiff might have called at the stores and
picked. out the rings without their know-
Gus . Cornelius testified that Anderson
had once ' told him in a saloon that he
was engaged to Miss de Bretteville, but
cross-examination brought . out . answers
showing that Cornelius '¦ was - not over
friendly to Anderson. , ' '..%^eSfi*8Es
Oscar and Gus ' de Bretteville, brothers
of the plaintiff, testified that they had
never gone down town -to request An
derson' to visit their home, but that he
always'came there, of his own accord.
The hearing was then adjourned and
will be resumed this morning- at 10
o'clock, when the • plaintiff will take the
witness- stand*-
How Anderson vMade His Stake.
How • Charles ' i. Anderson made his
first stake In the Klondike is one of the
romances of that northern mining district;
and the tale is one that is being told often
now ' When George Carmack, the discov
erer of those wonderful diggings, went to
Circle City, and reported that he ; had
found gold ' on Dawson creeks there , was
a stampede. Anderson, Bill McPhee," Bill
English. Hank Somers, Jack McQuesten,
Tom O'Brien, Olaf Nelson,: Joe Picotte,
Joe Hunker, Alex -McDonald and others
rushed in. Claims were located on El
Domdo and Bonanza creeks.
AH was excitement and flurry. . The
"Pioneer Saloon" was opened, and one
night Anderson, who had been moderately
successful in the placer diggings about
Circle City, was treating the house, round
after round. He was induced to purchase
a claim on El Dorado. No.- 13. He gave
$S00 for it, all the money he had. 1 A bill
of 'tale was made out and Anderson had
it located and recorded. ¦ .
He worked it for. a few days, but It did
not -turn, out as: he had expected. Then
he get mad. He went to the chief of t»ie
mounted police and 'demanded . the arrest
of the men who sold him the claim.
"You have a bill of sale for it?" quer
ied-the official. / '
"Yes, but I don't want'it," said Ander
son. * '• . • ¦'¦-":'.'¦
"Better go and try It; out," said tne
chief: "You have your, bill of sale; you
have V the 1 place., and. the other fellows,
have gone. What are you going to do?"
Anderson walked out sullenly and jvent
•to his 'claim.' About a week later he
walked into Dawson, laid a few ounces
of gold dust on, .the bar, and invited
everybody to "tak a trink.V v.
Charlie Anderson was the hero of the
camp from ¦ that time on. < Much' of the
money that-he'got through thaf night
. when he * was ! apparently - played ¦ : for a
"sucker"- is still in his possession and the
claim Is still panning lout.'-/ .
SMUGGLED BILKS SEIZED.— Customs > m
spectors < seized - yesterday . on , board ,the Peru
several pieces of silk . and . silk kimonos. . •"
Pfefers Swedish to French.
Attorney ; Collins then asked Anderson
if he had not asked Mrs. C. F. Anderson,
just previous -to, her marriage, to "throw
the other fellow ever and marry him,"
to .which . the defendant replied with
anger?- ¦' •
. ."Nor "I: never" did. so, and. I would not
have her if she had millions." The un
' gallant reply was ordered stricken from
.*.he record.: -
The examination of Anderson proceed- j
ed as foM6ws: - .
¦"How much time- did you spend in Miss
de Bretteville's comoany?" *
. ."About ?loC0." ... . ,
; "I did net ask you how much money,
but how much time."- ¦ •
"I spent about five. weeks with her and
it cost me $1500." • . ; .
"Did you ever kiss her of your own
accord?'.' -
"No; she always kissed me first, and
then only 1 if I gave her a present."
"You, found no i trouble In kissing: her
on account of her height?" .
i "No; she always came .down to meet
me." ¦ ¦ . . ¦ ' .
. ."Did you ever kiss any other member
of her family?" ;.
"No; she was the only good-looking one
of the whole lot." ¦ .
Anderson •. then testified that Alma had
once -asked him to marry her and that
he - had scorned the proposition for; the
reason . that: he" had recently -been di
vorced.' He claimed that r Alma desired
him -to take her to Nevada or Mexico
: and there join -her in wedlock, but that
he refused to. do so.
• "I strictly refused td marry her and
told her. so, and I would not marry her
or any other woman on earth." , •
• ~~~^ — " * ;
The arrest in Sacramento yesterday of
a man who gave the ; name of "Murphy
.promised for atinie to develop Into a live
clew to the Identity of . the fiend who
mysteriously shot Annie Anderson , on
.Ashbury; street a week ago last Sunday
night.. .Murphy, .. who was- arrested for
complicity in the, stealing of a watch be«
longing to ¦ Switchman T. C. Edwards in
the- railroad ¦; yards' at the capital city,
had a Swedish prayer, book in which was
¦written the -name Annie Anderson.*' The
signature; ¦ which was a woman's hand,
;bore. the "date of "November, 10,: 1832, ana
New York was given as the place of resi
dence of the writer. .Murphy wai ques
tioned about the ' ¦'¦ prayer book and he
Stated that he had , picked it ' up in Kan
sas City. . • - • v '-.:¦
Detective Fitzgerald, of the Sacramento
police force brought the prayer book to
tnis city last night and Captain Seymour
aeta'ileu Detective Harry Keynolds to > in
terview Miss Ahaerson in reierence to its
ownership. She stated that she never
owned u and never saw it before. In
one of the -pages of the book was found
a Pullman .berth check, showing thai
ivlurphy - only . left • Kansas City on .' P'eb
'ruary 19." which, was over a week after
the shooting' occurred....
The bottom dropped out of another clew
yesterday when Fred Auckland, a team
ster who once hatl : trouble' with Louise
Meyer,, the companion of the injured girl,
proved to the satisfaction of Captain Sey
mour,that he was driving a hack on. the
night of the shooting and was not In the
neighborhood.
Louise. Meyer directed, suspicion In the
direction of -Auckland by stating to the
Follce that he had struck her at a picnic
estival' at Harbor View " last summer.
Auckland, was. taken before Miss Ander
son yesterday and she stated that he did
not resemble "her assailant in any way.
The police are stiH working on the mys
tery.- They have, not given up hope as
yet. that, they will land the' man who did
the shooting behind the bars. -
Miss Anderson's condition was suffi
ciently Improved "yesterday, to admit or
her being removed- from, the Emergency
•Hospital. Her relatives removed her to
• the home :. of- friends on Birch avenue,
where she "Will be cared for t under therr
personal direction until she^ entirely re
covers. , ¦ . ¦ - " ¦ ' \i\\ :
was greeted with laughter and Judge
Kerrigan threatened to' have the court
lOom cleared. ' -.-.."¦ . • ••.•-
Agents.
jlmportant Discovery Made by
the Secret Service
Possession.
Her Name Was Written in a
Prayer Book Foiincl in His
Arrest Man Believing
/Him Annie Anderson's
. Assailant.
: . - ¦ -
i'Burglar With Aliases of
( Meyer and "Virginia
Jim."
M'DONOUGH HAS
PRISON RECORD
POLICE PUNCTURE
TWO MORE CLEWS
Defendant- in ;^
S k ents to H^ ¦;¦
KLONDIKER ANDERSON FREELY
PURCHASES GIFTS FOR ALMA
OIL RATE CASE
BEFORE HEBBARD
CRIMINALS ARE
SENT TO PRISON
Attorneys for Railroad
Want Figures Fixed
" by Law Set Asidei
Ten Years.
Emile Bass~, a Youth, Is
Sentenced to Serve .
by Jury.
Samuel Clement s Gets Similar
%£(. Dose— -Robber Convicted
Counsel for Commission Main
tain That Tarifl Is Re
., v sonable.
:¦' Two defendants were sentenced in the
Superior courts yesterday. One was con
-.victed by a jury and several were held to
answer in the Police courts. •
Hane Miller, who was tried for robbery
and convicted by a jury in Judge Cook's
court of grand larceny, appeared for sen
tence. The Judge sentenced him to serve
>ten years in San Quentin Prison. He is
v 39 years of age. and along with Emile
Baeeo, 16 years of age, who was sent to
the lone Reform School Friday, held up
'James C. Wilson on Francisco and Bay
streets January 6 and took a gold watch
¦and $3 from him. ' • .
- Samuel Clements, who pleaded guilty to
grand larceny In judge Dunne's court,
was sentenced to serve ten years in San
Quentin. He stole a case containing 10,000
cigars from the Southern Pacific Com
pany's ehed on November 25 and sold the
lot to Daniel Curtln, a junk dealer on
Market street, who must stand trial for j
receiving stolen goods.
¦ A. M. Johnson was tried before a jury
in Judge Cook's court on the charge of
burglary and t was convicted. He and
Henry Stone, who pleaded guilty on Feb-r :
ruary 8 and was sentencea to serve ten"
years, broke into the saloon of Rice &
Shane, GO Market street, December 22 and
stole a lot of cigars and other articles.
There Is a prior conviction against John
eon for burglary In the second degree and
IiIb Bentence will be heavy. #
. David James was held to answer by
Judge Conlan to a charge of attempt to
commit burglary. On the night of Feb
ruary 7 he was caught on the roof of P.
A. Bruckner's fur store, 10 and 12- Grant
avenue, with a rope and revolver in his
possession. One of the upper windows
had been broken by him.
Antone Silver, a boy, was held to an
swervty Judge Conlan. on' the ; charge of
burglar*- in $500 bonds. On February H
he -broke Into the room, of Mrs. Helen
Schafer. 604 O'Farrell street and stole a
valuable fur cape. f -
Roland Edwards, a teamster, was held
In t3000 bonds by Judge Cabanlss to an
swer to a charge of attempt to commit a
criminal assault upon Sarah Fitzgerald,
a little girl, in the McAllister-street livery
etables February 11.
Eva. Howard was held to- answer ' by
Judge Mogan on the charge of grand lai
ceny for stealing $20 from John Sheehan
in a saloon on Pacific street February IS.
Threatens to Kill His Wife.
William Hundemer. who conducts a
grocery store at 300 Crescent avenue, cre
ated a scene yesterday when he exhibited
a murderous looking old-fashione"d Eng
lish bulldog pistol and informed his wife
that he Intended to kill her.. Police Offi
cers J. F. Dennan and James A. Belyea
went to the store and after, a severe
Etruggle secured Hundemer and took. him
to the Seventeenth-street police station.
His actions while confined In a cell led
the officers to believe that his mind is de
ranged and he was taken to the detention
ward for the insane at the City Hall. • He
will be examined to-day by the Commis
cloners of Insanity.
News in Army Circles.
Oraers have been received from the
TVar Department, directing that the Sec
ond Battalion, Twenty-ninth Infa:itry,
and S50 unassigned recruits leave for Ma
nila en the Meade, which is scheduled to
sail March I.
Major J. G. Glennon. surgeon, has been
ppposnted an examiner of recruits in this
city. It Is stated by officers of the casual
camp at the Presidio that Private Bun
yea, Fifteenth Cavalry, who is gaid to
have deserted some time ago, has been
located. It- Is said- that he-married a 15
year-old girl on the> mistaken idea that
she was rich and that he then decamped.
The opening arguments In the suit of
the Railroad Commissioners vs. , - the
Southern .Pacific .Railroad Company to
have. the injunction restraining the com
mission from compelling the company to
put,: into effect^ the reduced :ojl irate on
ehipm^nts between J this .city, and Bakers
litld dissolved were commenced yesterday
before Judge . Hebbard. > '}¦' 7 : '-<:
-The . entire % day was 'spent In'. hearing
arguments "on both sldeTs: of the case. V The
Railroad Commissioners' lawyers will ap
pear before the' court this' i morning to
make their final argument. It is expfect^
ed that they will be finished: by ; noon.
Attorney General." TIrey \.L. . Ford ap
peared for the State and , the- commission.
He was assisted by Attorney Frank A.
Short of Fresno. " '•
Garret McEnerney, Peter F. Dunne
and J. E. Foulds appeared for the rail
road company. Ex-Judge Sterry ' was
present, on behalf of the Santa Fe, but
he took no part in the -proceedings.-.
Attorney General Ford made a master
ly argument in favor of setting aside the
injunction and maintaining the low. rate
decided upon by the Railroad '. Commis
sioners, which he said was just and equit
able and decided upon after a careful
consideration of the expenses: the rail
road company were under.in transporting
the ojl from the oil fields to the," local
markets. He pointed out the necessity of
maintaining the low -rate so that the oil
producers 'could realize a reasonable* and
lair profit on the. industry: upon' '.which
much^of the t prosperity of the southern
portion of the State depends.- • -.i-. ¦
He-took the. position that it was with
in the province of the Railroad Commis
sioners to decide .upon .what they deemed
a fair and reasonable rate, of transporta
tion and that having done so it was not
within ; the jurisdiction of .the court to set
iheirfindlnes aside. ';•'-->.'¦ ~
! Considerable interest' was manifested In
the argument made by the Attorney Gen
eral. There were . quite -:-a number *of
rrominent oil producers present from
Bakersfleld and other near by sections.
Attorney Foulds, representing the'rail
icad company, followed Attorney General
Ford. He argued that the Railroad Com
missioners* . rate was arbitrary and /un
just and away below the actual -cost of
transporting the oil. Mr. Foulds stated
that it would be. impossible for : the rail
read company to carry, out the mandates
of the Commissioners without entailing a
considerable loss. '• - ; . "¦ .
Attorney Dunne next ' addressed ' the
-fiurt for the Southern Pacific Company.
He read' a number of decisions from
r.iany courts that had. decided-' that a
Railroad Commission had no legal right
tc impose an unjust, discriminating rate
en the transportation ¦ of passengers : or
freight. He said, that the rate of 42 cents
;>er barrel originally fixed voluntarily by
the railroad 'company was the lowest, pos
sible rate the railroad ' company could
i,tand. u :r7- .:;..¦. j v - • ; ¦ ¦ . - --¦¦;: •. -
Garret McEnerney followed Mr s Foulds
and made a masterly argument against
xho. dissolving of.. the injunction and tho
cemurrer to the railroad company's com
plaint. McEnerney quoted a number of
decisions from the United States Supreme
Court in support of the position that the
.Railroad Commissioners could not enforce
m unjust rate. He stated that even in
cases where the railroad eomoany had
voluntarily fixed a low rate for the trans
portation of any class of freight or pas
sengers it was not within the province of
a commission or Legislature to. force
ih«m to continue that rate if they deemed
it too low to make a reasonable profit. ¦
Judge Hebbard adjourned court at the
conclusion of McEnerney's argument. At
torney Short will make the final argu
ment on, the Railroad Commission's side
of the . controversy this morning. It : s
expected that he will -produce convincing
arguments in favor of the low rate and
the enforcement of the Railroad Commis
sion's edicts. .-¦•¦-•
Only Two Days More
And the great clothing assignee sale will
start. $35,000 worth of the very best of
men's clothing will be sacrificed. No one
can afford to miss this -sale. The win
dows are now exhibiting the styles and
you are welcome to- pick any suit you
see for. $4 65. Mind you. they are SIS
suits, but will, sell on Thursday when
the sale starts for $«'65, at the Boston,
773. Market street, near Fourth.' P C
KeUey, Assignee. - •" •
Suspected of Planning a, Robbery.
Edwin -Garnctt and George Verde were
arrested Sunday night in a saloon on Sac
ramento street, near:Kearny,;by Police
men Bunner and Holmes. They had hid
den themselves in the saloon when it was
locked up for the night and the officers
suspected they had planned to break Into
a" jewelry store next door. .They were
charged with vagrancy and ..yesterday
Judge Fritz- convicted • them • and sent
them to the County Jail for. three months
each. . . . _ . , . .
The residence of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Bender. 1602 Washington street, was be
j-ieged last evening by friends who as
sembled to participate in the. fifty-third
anniversary of the marriage of Mr. and
Mrs. Bender. There was also a family
reunion. Mr. Bender came to this city
in the early forties and as a leather, mer
chant became widely H known throughout
The State. -Letters, and telegrams were
received from, many old _time friends
bearing -messages of congratulation and
food wishes. -
Married Over Half a Century.
• -—, WIFTWATER BILL has a rival.
X^^ According to the evidence 'g'\(t\
by Charles J.- Anderson v . y«ster-
day, in' the breach of promise suit
: " broUßh.tjßEaJnst,l3iJn byMissAlrrta
de Bretteville. the gay defendant posed
as the".."best tbin^" that ever came, down
from the Klondike; and all that v ar wearer
of feminine*, dress had tp^. do was. to ask I
"Charley": for^ a present, and lo," thcwishi
was gratified.; ,"• '¦ '>.'" '• ' ' \ - ':" 'I
The evidence given .by, 'Anderson In .his
cross-examination '..by -//Attorney .;¦ Co Tn.?
brought out In. prominence. the jfabled: "lit
tle bit of string." -Although'.- the defend
ant testified ; to the fact that 'Alma. had
taken the measure'pf her finger for'a ring,
with a "little bit'6f'string,"yhe : interjected
another sample. of Hwlne'intojthe, case. "^ '
In a forcible manner.: and ..with* consid
erable explanation, despite^ the objections j
of Attorney 'Collins ¦for;th'e'plainttff ; ahd!
Attorneys Barnes andi'.'.Farquar, l for • th'o !
defendant andr the, admonitions of, Judge j
'Kerrigan from the bench; ¦'. Anderson let
;it be known to ; all thatVlie had cut his,
"eye teeth," and that hereafter he s would j
not pay any attentions :-to jj tlie,: oppbs'tts;
sex without : having ; Ja- .^'string" 'attached,'
and that the aforesaid v would not mean aii
engagement to marry. '::'.'> : :--.l ' .; . ; :•_•
f There was a large 'attendance of the cu
rious of both sexes. in^ttie courtroom \ of
Crime a Habit With Him.
Frank Griffin, alias Gibbons, appeared
before Judge .Mogan yesterday on th"
charge of driving off with a horse an1
buggy without consent of the owner.-. He
was arrested Sunday right -while driving
a rig belonging. to C/\E. Frout: He tola
the Judge • that crime \ was : a* habt . w'th
him, but that he had. no intention of do
ing anything wronft The Judge contin
ued the case until to-mdrrow eo" that'
Griffin's rnental state jcanbe investigated..
THB V ; fiA N^K^NCISCO, §C^Li'L,V! : TUESDA^FEBRUAllY 25; JW2.-
14
Business Vmen. can? be- properly . Eerved
with'lunch atJthe'Cafe-Zlnkand. '-^, ; • '
To every gentleman wlio sends his name ihd^ I
address and 3 cents to pay postage^ we^will mail>| I
free of. charge, a beautiful Souvenir Match Box I
and bur Illustrated Catiilogue of the cele|rated3 1
¦Q and 11, ;iS'ANSOME' ., STREET;.
The Gurtaz
Sale of
Square
Pianos
We will sell "you a good square
piano for $10.00 down and $4.00
a month and chargeno interest. . •
These pianos are high-grade
instruments, fully . guaranteed,
perfect in every; detail— their ; only
drawback is that they are squares
instead of uprights, a little out of
fashion. . ;
A square piano is only about a*
foot longer and 5 'or 6 inches-
wider than an " upright, v conse- ¦
quently they take -up but little
.more room than an upright and
cost a great deal less. , -
Just the thing for practice, just
/the thing for children.
Among the lot are —
¦ 4 Chickering squares at from
......... . . ?SO to 9200 cacbr
"s'Haines squares at.. r.f
..?75 and ?15O each
1 Vose square for .$70
, 3 Steinway squares at - from
........*.. $75 to $140 each
2 Weber squares at. .-. .....
.;;.... . . .975 and ?150 each
1 Knabe square for ! . 91OO
2 Arion squares
;:.;.. .....$75 and $125 each
2 Emerson -squares at. . ...
...\$.7o and $120
1 Hallet & Davis square at. .$45
.11 at the end of 2 years you
-wish, to exchange your square
for an upright we will allow you
fas much as the square cost you at
1 this sale. Consequently you get
"the use of an instrument for two
' years for nothing— come ' to-day.
Benj, Curtaz & Son,
CHICKERING AGENCY.
16-20 O'Farrcli Street, S. F.
, ' . C 6 AN JOSE
,- Brsnch 1 FRESNO • ' , . •
Stores : \ KTOCKTON ? .