no_textTHE more athletic she becomes the
more esthetic she grows.
The home woman of the olden
type may have subsisted, lived and
moved and had her being clad In
Predictions for the week
by a professional astrologer
showing lucky and unlucky
days for business, love and
marriage, giving birthday
advice and life forecasts of
infants born during the next
seven days.
The Lovely and
Night Robes That Are to Be a
Part of Every Well-Ordered
Spring Wardrobe— Miss Hay's
Poetic Roses, With Petals of
Embroidered Linen — How to
Out One's Underskirt and Just
How Wide All Leglettes
Should Be — Underwear So Ex
quisitely Appointed That It
Will Give Any Woman a Feel
ing of Great Self -Respect. •¦
on occasion of fire, and descend the fire
escape, carrying perfect propriety with
her. She need not be flustered, for she
looks as though she were merely indulg
ing 1 ' in the . luxury of a fire < drill, to be
ready in case of emergency. Her negligee
Is complete. On; the other hand, going to
the other extreme; is the girl who sleeps
in pink' pajamas or .white bound in silk.
It • is not always delicate; to mention
names when one is describing underwear,
but it may be stated that a certain Wash
ington woman has a nightgown which Is
arqund the shoulders upon a ribbon,
which Is run through an openwork of
lace. .
It can be pulled up as high as one de
sires, or tied loosely, so that it is very
low in the neck. This article is put on
over the head and there is no opening
down the front. It is floor length and is
finished with a' ruffle as fancy as may be>
desired. "
-Over this is worn a little white lawn
jacket, also very - sheer. This comes to
the waist line, or not quite so low, and
Is cut on the order of the kimona jackets.
There is no fastening in front and the
neck has a sailor collar, usually of lace.
Then there are lace cuffs. This covers
and supplies warmth to the throat and
the arms. Attired In this one Is surely
conveniently clad and prettily clothed.
Those who enjoy going to bed attired so
that, in case of emergency, they can
emerge without feeling as though they
were shocking their every day- conven
tionalities will admire the nightgowns
that are cut from pale, pink, pale blue,
butter color, champagne color and ab
sinthe green lawns. . These delicate tints
are trimmed with lace and make im
mensely becoming nightdresses.
There is a very fashionable New York
woman • whose nightrobes are in black
sheer goods, finer than any web, and
made up, oh, so delicately with colored
laces and with white. One's repugnance
to black vanishes when one sees these
lovely night robes, spread out side by side
In her dresser and 'piled atop each other—
one a dream In appliiued wash, cambric
roses. ;j,»'
butus sprays, not numerous .enough,, to
take away the delicately white look.
The cut is straight. witfx;a sailor collar,
rather high in the neck, of pink lawn.
There are straight little band cuffs of
pink lawn. The ribbon— for ribbon there
must be— is seen In. the trimming, which
extends around the sleeve above, the cuff.
This is a wide band of insertion, through
which is run ribbon of ; two-inch width.
•The same ribbon , extends around the
shoulders, outlining a yoke, though there
is really no yoke. - •, . . - • ¦ ...
The front Is straight up and down, with
insertion along each edge, down. which a
ribbon runs. There are white straps,
made of heavy insertion,' that button
across at the front and are held in place
by. a pearl-button on 'the end of each
8 Th^' French night robe is not such a bad
thing. But one has to get used to it. It
is in two pieces and is really very becom
ing/'but the woman'who'Is raised 'in' an
orthodox nightie will look at it askance.
The first garment one puts on is a
chem'pp; all perfectly white, and made of
IN FILMY WHITE FOR NORN AND NIGHT
Get your druggist to recommend a soap
read carefully the directions upon it and
plunge in. when you have dried your
gown it will look wofully crumpled to you
but If you will begin with an iron you
will be surprised to see how the wrinkes
will disappear and freshness come forth
There are very narrow little irons for this
purpose, and one. can penetrate ribbon
loops and lacy flounces with this imple
ment. You will be agreeably surprised to
find how many of your eoods are wash
able. -,'¦.,.'>"".
Tubbing Your Gowns.
Have you ever tried the experiment of
tubbing, actually tubbing, your nice room
gowns. Do try it, even though they be
not recognized as wash goods.
The life of a handsome little bouse
gown, or negligee, is practically unlim
ited, for it can be worn again and again,
then laundered and worn again, until
there is not a rae of It left.
A woman of much taste in dress con
fided to a friend that she could wear a
tailored suit three times as long as her
neighbors. "The minute I come Into the
house I take It off," said she, "and never
for an hour do I sit down with it on. In
its place, fresh from my best dresser, all
scented and beautifully trimmed with
lace, I take a negligee— an elegant little
affair it Is— and with 'this on I feel that
I can face the world until It Is time to
dress for dinner."
The possession of a negligee Is some
thing that should be coveted by every
woman. Few there be who do not own a
loose robe of some sort. If no more than
the old fashioned wrapper, but this Is not
enough, for there should be the carefully
planned, highly artistic negligee; and
there may well be two or three.
The negligee, besides being so very be
coming—and who can afford to slight such
a consideration as this— is really an eco
nomical investment. It saves one's hand
some and more expensive gowns and pre
serves them for the occasions for which
they were intended.
alternate strips of ribbon and lace com
ing into a' band with a lace ruffle at the
wrist. At the bust there is a big bow of
albatross with long ends all trimmed with
lace. -
A Negligee Is Economical.
The underwaist is made sometimes with
a long friil below the waist and some
times without. There are arguments in
favor of both. If the material be very
thin and fine, the frill be not too full, it
will really not make the hips a great deal
larger, bo the objection is almost removed.
The underwaist is belted almost univer
sally with a ribbon which Is put in
through little slits in a special insertion
whidi comes for the purpose, or it is run
through a linen strip which can also be
procured for the purpose of threading rib
bon. Soft liberty ribbon ties readily, does
not crease and takes up little space, but
it must be pulled out for the laundry for
it is not a wash ribbon. - .*•'-¦
Miss Helen Hay, whose beautiful trous
reau is the talk of two continents, for
the resources of two lands are brought
•
The Stylish "Cover."
H is going to be another season of very
thin gowns, and in the buying of a very
fancy corset cover the spring shopper
shows her discretion. In a few days it
will fcc- time to put on a ribbed cottton
Gown, one of the lovely little new prints,
;ind then she will discover— this woman
cf fine taste— that there is an aggravating
little openwork rib running through the
cotton soocs and that the corset cover
shows through. So the cover becomes
really an unaerslip or underwaist, and as
such it is pretty to call ! t.
If Ehe must buy plain ones, the woman
of any ingenuity at all buys at the same
time a litt.e German lace, and all the way
home plans how she can use it to make
her a pretty cover. When done she has
transformed a "quarter" cover into a $2
one.
Those wretched little tight-fitting cor
set covers, plain with an edge or so, and
maybe a little strip of insertion, which
»eie the lot of other days, are now for
goiten. Beautifuhy trimmed ali-in-one
l-iiece covers adorn the counters and hang
from the display lines and are selected
by the woman of taste to wear under. her
gown.
When she goes out to buy stie takes
with r>er a certain portion of money for
the under-the-gown wear and she spends
it right royally, buying not so many but
so nice! '
undergarments of the plain cotton vari
ety, but it is certain that the beginning
nf-ths-century woman will do no such
thing.
It is impossible now, at a casual glance,
and even at a searching, one, to discover
the difference between a nightgown and
a negligee, though the' latter may be da
signed for breakfast wear. * The woman
of flne underclothing can rise in the night
The Pretty, Negligee.
.Then . there are ,the umbrellas, which
this year are differently shaped. The legs
are wide, extremely wide, and on the
lower edge is set a very wide ruffle of
ribbon run with lace. Embroidered ruf
fles are coming In with a monogram set
above the ruffle on the outside of the \eg.
Oh, such lovely things these are, a temp
tation surely to the needle-loving woman—
¦and to the money-spending one!
Those garments which the little girl
called "my panties" were made very wide
at the knee. The garment is nicely fitted
at the hips and along the leg, but. just
above the. knee a flounce is set on. It 13
not applied in the straight round-and
round fashion, but' it is shaped, growing
wider at the outside. This calls for a pe
culiar cut to the leg and the flounce is set
on very full. Two yards wide each were
the flounces applied to the legs of a love
ly nainsook set, looped with pink liberty
satin roses, on the. outside of. the "leg.' ¦¦.
Straight flounces are put on! but the leg
Is curved upward on the outside, so that
there is a pagoda effect, the outside being
much shorter than the inside, thus expos
ing the garter.: This is a stylish cut- and
will be liked by those who enjoy being
stylish in all things. The pagodas have
very wide flounces, rather deep, arid set
on in the fashion described. ; •. ..-
.The night robe was trimmed with these
fat little ribbon roses all the way down
the front from the chin to the floor, and
the little under-petticoat had a deep lace
ruffle, looped at short intervals , .with
roses the size of a dime, all in ribbon.
The other articles of underwear are
trimmed to match. A little .set of ' six
pieces, including the very short knee pet
ticoat, was trimmed with lace and ribbon,
the latter disposed in the form of fat lit
tle roselike choux. . These .were, placed
upon the outside of each leg, where they
looped an immensely wide ruffle until it
was very high, and upon the bust of the
corset cover. ' , '
Fat Ribbon Hoses.
broidered in wash . silks. One .watst Is
powdered with white silk French, knots,
tiny and beautiful, upon a background of
white wash silk, pretty enough surely for
an evening bodice. .
A bridal gift to a coming Easter br. ; de,
from a school girl friend, will be a set of
six, all exquisitely embroidered with a
monogram and trimmed with flowers em.
» ¦ - . . •
The one piece covers are literally a mass
of trimming. Lace of wash variety is
inserted and allowed to run all the way
around the cover. Then comes lace of aji
other variety. Cluny, Valenciennes, fine
torchon, Brussels and half a dozen others
are used, sometimes as many as four dif
ferent kinds in. one cover. Then at the
waist there Is a ribbqn to tie!
If the cover be cut off at the waist line
the ribbon Is wider and is flattened out
around the figure, just above the belt
line, and hooked in front so as to do away
with the bowknot. Other covers that are
cut off above the waist are fastened with
such narrow baby, ribbons that there Is
no bulk at all in the knot, even though It
Is tied directly In front.'
Chapters and chapters might be written
upon these covers, for they are a, neces
sary part of woman's dress and 'of her
adornment and are of that variety of un
derwear known as both useful and orna
mental.
The new "covers" are made all in one
piece, seamless, and without sleeves of
any kind. Ribbons go over the arms and
tie on top of the shoulder. With dinner
and evening gowns these ribbons are very
useful and even ornamental, for there is
no calamity if an end happen^ to peep
forth, while the .distressing vision of a
muslin shoulder strap is one that has
dawned upon all who attend dress func
tions.
Sleeves of Ribbon.
into play to supply it, has a set of under
wear of such high artistic merit that it is
becoming a wont of art and, in a way,
public property. It is called the Martha
Washington set, and its special feature
Is its rose trimming.
Small leaves of the very finest linen are
embroidered like the petals of a rose, but
all in whits, and a:e fastened to the front
cf the garments, wnich include a corset
cover, in su:h a way that the petals stand
out, or. rather lie loese from the goods. In
the middle they are bent inward to simu
late a rose. Little dots, in white silk,
form the middle of the rose.-
Such a charming trimming. Roses grad
ually growing larger toward the bust, un
til they grow from button roses to moss
rose size, and then to tea roses, border the
top of the underwaist. That such a mir
acle could bo laundered is the wonder.
™i t°5 cc had a Norw eelan maid servant."
related a woman in a woman's club "who
nad a mania for washing things, and it
hmL?? rp , 1 5 ins * to sef * how many articles
?r«« , thought unwashable— household
™ fsZIfX?*™*, out of her han *» washed
and bright again. . \
™3 U i rki i Sh K ara P, e ries. silken hangings,
mantle lambrequins of all colors piano
w°« V rft r V'f nd e K Ven the rus * UDOn tne flo °r
went through a mysterious process of
soap and water and were returned to their
Places like new, with not one shade or
color gone. There must be a special art,
or Knack, %r talent, in doing thi3 success,
fully, and, judging from the absolutely
renewed appearance of our household be
longings that year it is one that is worth
cultivating." '
$ The very sheer goods, the lawns, cam
brics, nainsooks and India muslins, are
not so desirable for negligees, for the rea
son that they "show through" and one
must wear a display garment underneath
But if one fancies that sort of a robe one
can wear a handsome corset cover and a
beautiful petticoat, all arranged to be
seen through the negligee. This ts correct
as far as good taste is concerned.
¦ Of petticoats there must be a word
said. These are offered In such profusion
in the shops that one need only go in and
name one's price in order to be suited./
One can, for a silk petticoat, go frown
about $5 or « little less, perhaps, up to
$100. with, a very good compromise at
about IS.
Making a Petticoat.
One can make one'3 own petticoat, too.
But does it really pay? By the time you
have bought your taffeta or your satin
and your lace and your ribbons and hired
your knife plaiting done at the plaiters
and got your skirt cut out at your dress
maker's, have you not spent as much as
though you bought the skirt outright?
There is, however, something that can
be done at home, and that Is the making
of the petticoat that Is silk half way up.
The upper part of this is of colored lawn
and the lower part consists of a silk ruf
fle. The latter i3 buttoned on at the top.
A pink lawn top can have a pink silk
flounce very deep and easily renewed
when It is worn out.- In this manner ana
Is always sure of a silk petticoat without
having it cost J3 each time.
There are silk substitutes, too, pretty
.moreens, and now there is a *tout moire
that is being made up into petticoats and
which wears forever. The poplin petti
coat, with a silk ruffle. Is lovely and it
arrords a use for the poplin gown which
hangs in every wardrobe and which re
fuses to wear out. though it is the heroine
of many a season.
Poplin, brilllantine, moire and the ne.w
shiny half silk and half cdttons, are an
excellent Investment from the standpoint
of future generations, for your children
will go down Into the camphor trunks fiL
the, latter part of 1950 and come up wittf
them as good as new.
Prettiness embodied in sprigged lawn. The
'material is very flne. with ' a cream
tround.- Scattered- upon it are little ar-
the sheerest lawn. .It is low in the neck
and the accepted pattern is one that calls
for a perfectly straight rohe. fathered
Then there comes a sort of a flounce ar
rangement which is really not a flounce at
all.' It consists of a band of pink ribbon,
then a strip of white lace insertioni then a
band of ribbon, then more lace insertion,
find so on until the floor, is reached and
there have been six rows W ribbon and
six of lace. To make the fashionable
sweep there will be four more rows in the
back than in the front, with a box plait
ing of lace around the - very bottom.
The sleeves of this gown are draped
with lace at the shoulder, but at the ej
bow they become very, baggy and are of
For mid-seasons, albatross is so silky
and nice • that It is to be recommended.
Mrs. Georye Gould, tall, brunette and
beautiful, has one in rcse pink albatross
with lacy panels set in at the sides from
the yoke downward. There are a dozen
of these going all the way around.
The negligees propers those that are to
be put on in the morning, are delightful.
They are fine enough to be worn down to
one's breakfast table and many : of them
are really nice enough for the home lun
cheon. There are society women who
wear them as tea gowns, but never Into
the drawing-room, of course, only in their
own little lounging-rooms, dens or bou
doirs.
The Negligee Proper.
But there arc handsome kinds of needle
work that are Just the thing. Do not
have the holes too large or the needleworK
will look coarse. The sleeves of summer
nightgowns should be made perfect
Japanese sleeves, enormous in girth and
a little shorter on the outside than on the
inside. "They are vary pretty to look at
and more than comfortable to sleep in.
For summer the square .negit la very
comfortable. 'The neck is cut out in a
deep square, front and back, and bordered
with needlework. Lace la not very good
for this purpose, as it does not hold its
shape so weil.
The plain -white nightgown is to be
found and in such a -glorified state that
one is irresistibly moved to call it the
prettiest of all the pretty things offered.
It is very long, though not longer in the
back than in the front and is finished with
hand embroidery. The v uncomfortable
foot ruffle is largely done away with and
the plainness 'of the hem is relieved by
embroidered roses, sprays df valley lilies
and by ceep Grecian borders, all either
worked by hand or cunningly applied, ana
the. material cut away underneath as
though the fingers had done the whole
deed, whereas it may be mostly machine
made, v i :
The girl who sleeps in pajamas will
make them, not of nainsook, nor fine
linen, but of cotton. There Is a pretty
pink and blue cheviot that is good for this
use. . -. - • - :-'
1i±K feOJSOAY ¦¦¦-¦L AX.lii
2by Ueorge H. Aspaen.
•7* ye ISS DORIS JEFFREY Is the
/\ /I most original girl in San Fran-
I V I Cisco. She is also one of the
V T I prettiest, but it would be next
X to impossible to get her to lay
claim to either title. Her originality is
shown In everything she does, and most
of all in tne fact that she has won such
distinction without having her head
turned-
It is shown /in her clothes and In her
ihanner of wearing them; in the way she
r-rrangres her hair to suit each gown; in
~i- c pictures, which have created a veri
**.. !j»e sensation; In her accomplishments,
which are many and varied; in her ideas
and the way she executes them,' and in
her sports, for she is an enthusiastic lover
of outdoor exercise.
Though she is a California girl, and ex
ceedingly proud of . the honor, she has
spent most of her life in the VEast and in
Europe. She was educated In one of the
fashionable private schools in " New York
and then traveled . extensively" on the Con
tinent uni'A last spring, when she returne«l
to this city with her parents,' ' Mr. A arid
Mrs. William T. Jeffrey. They only ' re
mained here a few weeks before continu
ing their tour to Alaska. ,
Miss Jeffrey did not care to make the
trip, and so it came to pass that she
Joined the social throng of the elite at San
Rafael, -under the especial care and chap
eron age of Mr. and Mrs. R. IV. 7 Haltoh.*
It was ¦ here that ' she first displayed • her
genius for originality by, carrying every
thing before her in the field of society
sports last summer. • '
She is a beautiful girl, who would at
tract attention -. anywhere, : but '¦ \ as an
equestrienne she is particularly, charming*
Tall, : slender^ and graceful, .with ; a . great
wealth of '. dark * brown ' hair, "\ which she
twists with bewitching art' into the most
striking and peculiarly, - becoming \ coif
fures;; large; dark eyes,; that are the glory
of every picture she has ever had ; taken,
yet she dresses with a ; simplicity 1 and
modesty .that only,' serve to make her ap
pearance the 'more notable. .
She 'rides ": with! Bpleridld dash. ¦ Since
'earliest V infancy ' she . has - always had < a
horse j of her : own,- and • for •, the past ' sev
eral : years r a ¦ whole .stable full in j New
York.">Heri New/York horses t \ she , has
trained i herself," r so ': it '¦: is \ no ¦ wonder;, that
her,, ease > and;grace \ in .the marked
her. at' once "as • a \ skilled ; horsewoman. Be-_
fore many,' weeks had passed she had won
the":: adniiratlori *of j the whole town ; and
countryside.*; ¦'*
. When \ the paper chases were proposed
the 'entered j for the* f sport c . with j her ¦ own
favorite '; horse- Dawn * Dream,' which ' had
been presented \ to * her> by \ her > father ' Just
masterpiece of photography, j It is ; a two
thirds ;; life-size ; picture _l'of -I Mlai}: Jeffrey
with her arms , full ef delicate flow
ers and her hair gathered In a loose mass
about'' her. head. V The spirit" and ; meaning
of TKe ' ; picture" shown". In • the * coquettish
smile of the] lips' and^the tantalizing; turn
of the eyes are : so" obvious 'that the title ; is
quite I superfluous ¦" to'?, the '¦ beholder. •' It : is
a portrait 1 filled ; with '•. nerve and force ¦ and
that $ mysterious,- elusive {quality i that at
tracts j and > holds {the fatten tlon. - '
i It ,wus ; placed oh* exhibition at the Hop
kins Art .'Association ;the^ recent
display ¦,. photographic : art \ and ; created
an' instant ' sensation.?; No name was given
and > the'only }. words '- of j Identification i were
In contrast to this is the figure of "The
Law," ; a ; classic - pose _ full ¦ of ¦. strength,
purity and' dignity. . Still, another con
trast . is- shown in , the . "Poster Girl,". In
which Miss Jeffrey wears a fashionable
street . dress . and ; a stunning - picture : hat
for . a ; full length ¦ photograph.
.-Another beautiful pose full of original
ity ' and i grace '• which, as . yet, - is unnamed,
is ; shown . in the circle on this page. It
is one of Miss: Jeffrey's own -studies and'
reveals her genius for arranging her. hair
in such a way as to change .the .whole ex
pression of her face.
.Her : own favorite . portrait," however,
and her mother's as .wnll, is a large head.
In which, a full front view of- the face is
shown , outlined In strong lights and shad
" ows, "-" and ". out ¦ of which she ' looks ? with
serious eyes that are almost sad in" their
earnestness.^ '.Without . an - effort .-at affec
tation Jit Ms : a curious picture full ef a
vague suggestion ? of, oriental mysticism
that j Is t strangly - appealing. ' '
In [another. picture in ; the same pose
Miss y Jeffrey - has 4 shown her originality
and '-versatility ..by altering . the entire
spirit and" expression, of the portrait by
the simple addition of a long spray of
fern, tucked ; carelessly - Into . the loose
colls of her hair. It would fittingly rep
resent the . gladsome ' summer season in
- any : allegorical : masterpiece. "j&BSH&m
"These pictures are all the more remark
able because there is absolutely ¦ no • at
tempt at • elaboration in either the cos
tumes " or the : accessories.' On the other
: hand In . matters of dress and personal
adornment Miss Jeffrey's originality is
i most pleasingly displayed.
«? One gown : of : her own designing, which
easily rivals the latest French models is
of black silk and lace.. The skirt, which
fits tightly, over, the hips and clings close
ito the figure, flares suddenly at the knees
into billows . and billows . of deep ruffles
which end in a full train. Filmy lace as
: fine and gauzy i as a , spider's : web, cover
. ing the : /whole : skirt , from i waist • to hem,
is : also - gathered in deep ruffles -from
the knees down. '
-The bodice of black silk is cut modestly
decollete ' and finished with tight > fitting
elbow sleeves. . Over . this •_ the same deli
cate lace is, used to form an outer. bodice,
* which, : however, is only slightly open at
There are other pictures, however,
which J Mr.'; Genthe might have- put for
ward 'with the same remarkable result.
One Is a ; three-quarter -'. figure > showing
Miss . Jeffrey ; dimly outlined -in a dark
background, wearing v a . long coat ¦ and . a
picture' hat. Only the face stands out
clear and distinct, ¦ animated - with that
roguish^ smile that made dainty little
Fritzi i Scheff the adored of all the prlma
donnas of the recent grand opera season.
Ard . like some of : Genthe's ; pictures of
Miss ScheC it is arch without being , bi
zarre.';QKSBS3Q>CSI&98jM$O40S9 | GMfe
"She Is the most ' original girl I have
ever, photographed. She is not only beau
tiful; and as sweet and simple and -modest
as a girl can be, but she is capable- of a
'wonderful amount : of feeling. •¦ Her face
Is „ remarkably . expressive, • and she can „
depict at will all the finer qualities of a
noble womanhood. Who is she? Ah!/
that I ; cannot tell you." ¦' .' •
And so with such a tribulo from such }
an artist . curiosity - was stimulated afresh
and the original of '.'The Challenge" was
given* a" new»identlty; every day. as the
excitement . increased, until that part of
the gallery in which the. picture was
hung became the chief center : - of attrac
tion. Every one came, to look arid won
der,'and'-admire. There. was always a
big • crowd - standing before . it and a
dozen : times the mystery was solved only
to deepen into a greater -mystery • than
ever.. But it -was not until the exhibition
had closed and the pictures had all been
taken away . that the truth leaked out.
Then, and not till then, it became known
that j it ' was Miss Jeffreys' personality,
that - had - made - her ¦ portrait one ¦ of the
most •' striking i creations ; ever shown In
the Hopkins art galleries.
contained . in the title quoted above, but
they -furnished absolutely no clew to the
real personality of .the original of the
picture. Mr. Genthe himself was asked
repeatedly , to ' tell ~ who ; she was,' but he
only, smiled" and looked wise. When he
answered at all he said:
the throat and through which tie ioft
skin of the shoulders is faintly outlined.
With this the hair Is worn in a loose
wavy coiffure, held in place on top of
the head with a big butterfly of black
and silver. The effect of the whole toilet
is sufficiently striking without any fur
ther elaboration, but the daintiest touch
of originality is yet to come.
When she is fully dressed Miss Jeffrey
has sprinkled over her hair fine particles
of silver dust, which are permitted to
sift through the heavy curls and fall on
the fair skin of the delicately rounded
throat and * shoulders. A few : grains are
also 'dropped on the bare arms from the
elbow to the wrist.
Under the bright electric lights of the
parlor or dining-room the effect is in
describably beautiful. The silver dust
glistens in . her hair and scintillates from.
the fine mesh of lace at her throat and
bust ;' like a thousand tiny jewels ever
changing and shimmering In new lights
as she moves about the room.
Another costume of pale blue silk and
delicate illusion is carried out with much
the same effect — except that it is cut
decollete to a deep V shape in front and
high In the back and filled in with a yoko
i of the same sheer lace fastened in place
at the left side of the throat with a huge
bow of . the same material fashioned to
give a pompon effect. A pompon of
the same colored lace is used In the hair,
which is dressed in a high pompadour.
Instead of silver dust, fine iridescent par
ticles combining all the colors of tho
rainbow are used. The result Is entranc
ing, but at the same time quite mystify
ing to one who knowa little of the secrets
of milady's toilet.
- In her accomplishments, among which
Miss Jeffrey numbers painting as her
favorite, rbe has furthe»*shown her orig
inality by combining a saint-like quality
with Carmenesque seductiveness in the
half-serious, half-smiling face of a beau
tiful woman, which she is now Just fin
ishing on a small canvas. -
" Her own unaffected girlishness is best
shown, however, in a full-length portrait
study of her, which the Italian artist.
Matteo San Dona, has nearly completed.
In it she is wearing a big Leghorn hat
trimmed with roses and a summer cos
tume of pink chiffon and lace with tight
fitting sleeves,' belled at the elbows and
slashed to show a lining of contrasting
material. The pose — an almost Jaunty
walking attitude— 4s particularly animat
ed.
. But Miss Jeffrey does not confine her
originality to mere matters of art * or
• dress alone. She has a passion for writ
ing, and the talent as well, though it is
a peculiarity of all, the stories she creates
that the sterner sex are always omitted
from the plot except as. minor incidents.
In one story— and a sweet, sympathetic
narrative it is— there are only three wo
men, and no men at all. Asked why she
left them out, she answered naively:
"Oh, • I forgot all about the men. Be
sides they were so unnecessary to - the
story. I think many stories would b*
better ' without them. .
Miss ¦ Jeffrey's observations 'on her own
sex are ¦ equally pointed, though, as ¦ ah*
says, she is an enthusiastic admirer of
American women. '.^BHmP"< • -
'.'California < women are truly the most
beautiful creatures is all the world," ah*
Bays, "but when one has been abroad tor
any -• length of time one notices such a
sameness about them all when one re
turns. They all dress very much allk»
and nearly all wear their hair In the s*m«
fashion— a high , pompadour— with th«
back /hair drawn up. smoothly from the
neck and caught there with two or three
small combs. 42"S s J a *PMMHHHMHipaB
¦ : "It is ; a fashion that is . very, twt
becoming to most women, but it tends to
rob them of their individuality. The colf
fure, I think, , should be just as much a
matter of differing styles as one's gowns
for morning, afternoon and evening wear;
especially when it is so easy, if a woman
has beautiful hair, to arrange it in
some of the many lovely styles. In fact,
every gown should have Its own special
coiffure, particularly among such splendid
women as our famous California beau
ties. Oh! I do admire them so much for
what they are, and more for what they
might be." -. •/,:; . - •
..." Of her own self, however, Miss Jeffrey
cannot be induced • to talk.
; - ;: ;;Gliiarmfliriig
'^^Wlho-Posed for
: "TIhe GKalleinge,"
I a -PflctMire;^/ y
( Tlhat;WasHhe .
Seesattom;,
:Of--tIhe";:R^ceet ; ;'
• IPlhiotdgmpliic',:
ExWWit. "
¦ - '. '- "•.-.¦¦¦-_' ¦ ¦ * - * .
before ;he went to ' the* Klondike. It •; is a ;
beautiful animal, one of the best ] hurdlers
In;the"State and a perfect match for such •
. notable? racers *as Judge McAllisters
Lilly, , Mr. Fisher's Blazes and Mr. John- :
son's i Pickles, all of ¦ which have followed
the hounds to victory in many a wild ride
¦across • the .¦ Marln hills. '_'- ¦ ¦ -'-'.v"
: •; With a 'dozen' other excellent riders en
tered for the :' chase, it. was a hard j field' to
beat, but when the.^ hounds caught > the J
/scent she surprised every one by sending ¦
9 Dawn Dream into' the lead /and keeping
. him v th ere,' until the "death." In the same
¦way'' she rode"' all the '.races of t the] series .
against; big odds with ' no more signs of
fatigue than . she would have shown after
an easy morning canter through the park;
and as she always finished In the lead the
,tfophy_'Was hers at the end of the sea
son/- Indeed," this valuable silver cup, on
'which is engraved the brief record of her
triumph,. is among- her most -treasured
possessions. '
-She next showed her , originality in - a
dozen different pictures taken j by -Arnold
Genthe. They are not merely pretty por
traits,' showing the most pleasing contour
Of] her .face; ;each" is the - embodiment of "
some idea, some emotion, and in .several
. i combination; of emotions. ,' '- - ¦
• One of them, "The Challenge." is a-
TH1E SUNDAY CAT.L,.
3
THE MOST ORIGINAL SOCIETY GIRL IN SAN FRANCISCOAnd a little toss or turn of the head could
shut the face away In a manner good for
piquing curlosltyr .' V
Nor; can the strawrnaker of ,to T day
boast of progress in his 'art except as it
makes > for /cheapness.' The great' cart
wheeL^with • its .big^.taU^crown is : of : leg'
horn • so fine Vanci soft that" it seems '\ like
braided silk. '„( And the fancy braid of .the
Ginooolate; Crullers
REAM two tablespoofuls of butter
(( and one-half a cupful of sugar;
gradually add the beaten yolks of
three eggs and one and one-half
cupfuls of sugar, one cupful of sour milk,
one teaspoon! ul of vanilla, two ounces of
chocolate, grated and melted over hot
water,' one-third of a teaspoonful of soda
dissolved In one-hali of a teaspoonful of
boiling water, the whites of the eggs
whipped - to a stiff broth and sufficient
sifted flour to make a soft dough. Roll
out, cut into oblongs; divide each Into
three strips, leaving the dough united at
one end.' Braid loosely, pinch the ends to
gether and cook until golden brown
smoking hot fat.— Table Talk. \S
. The fate' of the tree naturally . attracted
attention to, the phenomenon, • and there
of ter.'but ;too ; much opportunity '.'- was af
forded ; f or . the ; study Tof It. '\. At one' point
on" the ! river. In- particular the process was
seen. •;' Green -, trees * ¦ covered .with rich
masses of foliage suddenly., burst forth
Into > conflagration -and ; burned to ; their
very ; cores. Fine vwillows"; in; full' vigor
poured • forth , clouds of ¦ sriioke" from their
half-burned - stems." :- ;. ' . "' :
V An - examination of clie charred . remains
SPONTANEOUS combustion Is", i 1
mysterious thins at all times, but
_' as ; long, as ' it :' confines its attention
- .-;¦ toj> inanimate objects there is noth
ing- very uncanny " about .' it. ., But when
trees become subject to it there is no' tell
ing where 'it will stop. '.•,'-' •
v, The /banks ' of -the' River Cam. : In - Cam
bridgeshire,-England,' have recently ex
hibited'an number of such cases,
and young, growing willows shave been the
victims ' in 'ne'arly every case.-. Cambridge
usedto pride Itself upon Its beautiful wil
lows, ; and f it \,was therefore '--with "sorrow
that the people disco vered " one ". morning
thei charred . remains Vof : what : had once
.been: a) really: beautiful .specimen of -the
willow tree. ";, > ".
Spontaneous
Combustion of
Trees
They, were fine for flirting, pictur
esque hats with their flapping brims arid
scuttle Bides. ;. A face away, back in 'the
' depths of , them could ¦¦ look „ so : prim ; arid
then .again-, so teasing and coquettish.
Yet another style of this period' is shown
in a dress that belonged to Mrs. Thomas
B. Bishop's grandmother. . This is^f taf-;
feta in large plaid of different shades "of
brown, with; a light stripe brocaded in!
pink and white rosebuds.; The full round
skirt* is guiltless of gores, , and "a bertha
of old lace and ', flowing sleeves are f ea-'
tures of the snug-fitting waist.
This Is but one of > many : heirlooms -
'which Mrs. . Bishop found by \ rummaging
Infold chests and dablnets ¦ when "visiting,
her home in - Albany, N. Y. There ; are '
buckles - and \ combs ; and brooches ''and .
fans that set one's fancy to work-nand
envy, .too. . And there . are > hats j of ] many'
sizes, arid . fashions, hats that may have
hidden eyes that cast shy glances at '
George Washington himself.' ;
Another wedding ' gown of the early
nineteenth century is In possession of
Mrs. Irving . F. Moulton, secretary of the
Sequoia Chapter" of the Daughters of the
American Revolution. It was her; grand
mother's, and is of . white ' silk, stiff . and
shimmery, with posies in. pink and laven
der scattered over the snowy, ground.' The
fashion of the , dress as worn ' by '¦ Miss
Moulton is slightly changed by; a flounce
of chiffon on ; the skirt, and, a' guimpe . of
lace, where the bride of long ago showed
bare' white shoulders. . :
hand embroidery and lace. The bodice,
too, which is barely more than a '¦ yoke,
has the same / beautiful embroidery ( . and
fine lace. Every stitch. of the few seams
is finger work, and the cloth is sheerest
muslin, fine as. a web."^ ' • ,-, ¦ ' -
trousseau." The marriage ¦ took , place ': In
Boston in 1803, the bride •: being a \ Miss
Cushing and the groom Henry Higginson,
an uncle of Thomas . Wen tworth Hlggln
son. The HIgglnsons as factors : in New
England life date back to 1629, when they
were among the settlers of Salem. . ¦
Severe in Its implicity is this gown, the
waistline : high under ' the arms and ; the
skirt scant and plain but for its edge of
In- contrast' to this feminine splendor,
but treasured none the less,' is a: gown
owned ; by Mrs. George B. McPhersbn,
which was a . part of her ¦ grandmother's
Among the oldest of these quaint heir
looms Is that owned by Mrs.' John H.
Jewett. It is an elaborate affair, ¦ ex
quisite In coloring and rich ,' in texture.
The bedice is of a wonderful . shade of
dark sage green, and the skirt of bro
cade in pink and sage green, with panels
of ra^e -lace that once belonged to' Marie"
Antoinette. Caught in the folds of lace,
the fulMength of the' front panel' Is; out
lined by full blown, old-fashioned cabbage
roses^ Worn with the gown Is a beautiful
medallion containing the portrait of Mrs.
Jewett's greataunt. The gown belonged
to her father's grandmother; and. aside
from its Colonial interest there is a pos
sibility that the costume , may > have
graced some function of King George's
court, for. Mra. Jewett's paternal ances
tors* were of the family holding" the duke
dom of Montrose. ¦
Some of them have found their way to
San Francisco, and here, bo far from the
cradle of America, with ; all the historic
associations of the country's; struggling
youth, they gain a new interest and
value. .' ':/"';¦'' "'•''-:,¦.' , •'¦'
interest In old-time things 'so long left to
moths and dust.
pokes show that - there was no 'lack, of
variety. '
With ..this glimpse "of, the fashions of
•..Washington's day _ what say ; you of those
of the twentieth century's dawn?
Silks, satins and beautiful laces grown
soft and yellow as they lay hidden from
the light have been dragged forth since
historical societies and Daughters of the
Revolution and Colonial Dames aroused
And the young girl. of to-day, with her
muslins and simple silks, looks wise as
she says "Amen" when sour economists
sigh for the good old times. She thinks
of the brocades in the old chest; he of the
homespun.
And so when we go back and rummage
in some forgotten chest in the old New'
England attic or in York State or Vir
ginia, pressing close to a homespun frock
is a gown of brocade so rich and stiff
that involuntarily we^feel of.it as If by
our flrger tips to learn the secret of. Its
value.
Simple some of them are; but Colonial
dames and their daughters were not all
models of simplicity. Gowns there were
at the wane of the • eighteenth century
that give the He to the boasted frugality
of the sons and daughters of pilgrim fath
ers and their sons and daughters. They,
too, were patrons of. the looms that wove
for fair ladles of the gay court of France
when that court was the gayest the world
has known.
y"" Y UBTLJ5 and sweet as the fragrance
XX of lavender and rosemary are the
V J thoughts they bring, these gowns
P*^ of Colonial days. We scent a ro-
¦-:'•. mance in every fold and every stain
of the rare old treasures.
Treasured
Heirlooms That
Helped Win
the Hearts of
Beaux in the
Days of
Washington.
Any - account of. chimpanzees would be
incomplete without a reference ¦ to . Sally
the ! most educated of > her order. ." Sally*
who' lived ' In ] the . Zoo for over six years'
learned to" count 'perfectly, up to six, and
less ; perfectly to ten ; she : could also dis
tinguish" white from any r color, but if
other, /colors were \ presented her she
failed, apparently., from color-blindness
Of this ape the . late = Dr. ; G. . J. Romanes
wrote. with something 'more than the en
thusiasm of , a. clever man pursuing a fa
vorite theme: .
' "Her. ¦• intelligence" was conspicuously
displayed" by . the : remarkable degree in
which ; she " was - able to understand * the
HHBnSSSMBHBfflBHHBSBHHBiHH
¦
.The only mammals which thoroughly
understand combination for defense as
well as attack - are ; the baboons, but
Brehm, 'the : Gorman . traveler, gives i a '
charming story of genuine courage and
self-sacrifice shown by one. His hunting
dogs gave chase to a troop which was re
treating to some cliff r, and cut off a very
young one, .which ran up on a rock, only
just out of 'reach of the. dogs. An old
male baboon saw this and came alone to
the rescue. Slowly and deliberately he
descended, crossed the open space and.
stamping his hands on the ground, show
ing; his teeth, and backed by the furious
barks of the rest 6f the baboons, he dis
concerted and cowed these savage dogs,
climbed, on the rock, picked up the baby
and carried him back safely. If the dogs
had attacked the old patriarch his tribe
would probably have helped him. Burch
ell, the naturalist,' after whom Burchell's
zebra - is named, . let his dogs chase a
troop. The , baboons turned : on them,
killed one on the spot by biting through
the great blood vessels * of : the neck and
laid bare the ribs of another. The, Cape
Dutch , In the . old, colony : would rather let
theirs dogs ' bait a lion than a troop of
baboons.: The rescue of the infant chacma
which Brehm saw himself is a remarkable
¦and," indeed,^ the most ,- Incontestable in
. stance of the • exhibition < of ' courage and
self-sacrifice by a male animal. '
THE Enteuus monkey Is the most sa
cred of all in India. It is gray above
and nutty brown below, long-legged
and active, a thief and an Impudent
robber. _ In one of the Indian cities they
became" such, a nuisance that the /faithful
determined to catch and send away some
hundreds. This was done, and the holy
monkeys were deported in covered carts
and released r many. miles off. But the
monkeys were too clever. Having thor
oughly enjoyed their, ride they all refused
to part with the carts, and hopping and
grimacing came, leaping all the way back
beside them to the' city, grateful for their
outing. One city obtained leave to kill the
monkeys; but. the next city then sued
them for "killing their deceased ances
tors." In these monkey infested cities if
one man wishes to spite another -' he
throws a r few ; handfuls .of rice on the
roof of his house about the rainy season.
The monkeys come, find the rice and
quietly lift off many, tiles and throw them
away, seeking more - rice In the Inter
stices. KKSRA
Odd Tales
From Monkey
Land.
Just why the. willows should meet such
sudden ends is not apparent, but the pe
culiar formation of | the tree, Its pliant
boughs and the drooping of. its leaves and
flower may have.ha<l something to do
•with it. ,. ; •¦ ¦ ; .'•¦ /
of the trees revealed nothing In the way
of explanation, but; as the trees, which
met their fates were for the most part
young there could ha'dsy have been any
putrescence or fermentation.
. The dogs work so well and so con
scientiously that their number Is to be in
creased and there is every probability that
the plan will be adopted In other centers.
Their keep comes to about three pence
a day and they cost the town altogether
about £60 a year, including their doctor's
and their tailor's bills.— Modern Culture.
The dogs are taught by means of dum
my figures made up as much as possible
to represent the thieves and dangerous
characters they may be likely to meet.
How much patience is needed by him whoW
undertakes this particular form of educa
tion only those who have tried to train
animals will properly appreciate. The dog
must be tausht to seek, *to attack, to
seize and to hold, but without hurting
seriously. The first step Is to place the
dummy in such a" position that it shall
represent a man endeavoring to conceal
himself. The dog soon understands that
it is an enemy whom he must hunt, and
enters into this part of his lesson con
amore,' but it is hot so easy to teach him
not to injure it- The teacher lowers the
figure to the ground and the dog learns
that though he may not worry his prey,
ha must not allow his fallen foe to stir
ao much as a finger until the order Is
given.- After the dummy. a living modal
is used, and as this process Is obvious
ly not entirely without danger, the per
son chosen for this purpose Is usually he
who ministers to the pupil's creature com
forts, and for whom the canine detective
is sure to entertain a grateful affection.
Nevertheless he is prevented at first, by
means of a muzzle, from an exhibition of
too much zeal. Afterward the experiment
is tried on other members of the force
and In four months .the dog's education
as a policeman is considered complete and
he takes his place with the rest. The
animals are also taught to swim and to
seize. their prey in the water; to save liifcs
from drowning; to scale steel walls, and
to overcome all obstacles, so that any en
terprising burglar who goes "a-burgllng"
in Ghent has a lively time of it if he
meets with one of these four-footed "bob
bles."
It is at Ghent that the dog has become
a recognized member of the regular town
constabulary. His Introduction was the
outcome of a particularly happy thought
of Monsieur Van Wesemail, Chief Com
missioner of Police there, who has trained
his dogs to a very high pitch of efficiency.
mk ff DST people know how prominent
/A /I a part is played by the dog In
I y Belgium, where he act3 as the
\, T j poor man's horse. By ones, by
X twos* by threes and by four*,
flogs may, be seen drawing the milk carts,
hauling the vegetables, bringing home the
washing — doing ranythlng and everything.
In! fact, that' falls in other countries to
the lot of horse or donkey. "What Is more,
the dog even takes his owner for an air-
Ing, and what stands in Belgium for "the
little donkey shay" of London's "Whito
chapel, or the classic Old Kent road, it.
drawn by a team of dogs who generally
seem willing, happy and well cared for.
But the Belgian dog has not stopped
here. He is an ambitious creature. He
is " not content to do naught but slave.
He has, in fact, aspired to the law with
such good effect that he has become one
of its limbs and now plays the part of
policeman, and with such good results.,
too. that crime in that particular district
patrolled by him is said to have dimin
ished by two-thirds since his entry Into
the force.
With the
Pol ice Dogs of
Ghent.
meaning: of spoken language— a degree
fully equal to that presented by an In
fant a. few months before emerging from
Infancy, and therefore higher than that
which i3 presented by any brute. »o far,
at least, as I have evidence to show."
She was taught to count by means of
picking up straws and belns rewarded,
•when the correct number asked for had
been given, with a piece of fruit. Sally
rarely made mistakes ud to that number;
but above five, and up to ten, to which
one of the keepers endeavored to advance
her education, the result la uncertain."
TH E ¦? SU:N"!>X^T/ : ':C A L..
4
COLONIAL GOWNS OWNED IN SAN FRANCISCOWhite Ants That Delight in Eating Up Houses
THE termite, or white ant. stands
alone for destructlveness. By in
habitants of both the East and
West Indies, in fact of anywhere
between the tropics,- it Is considered
to be the greatest plague of those plarue
etricken regions.
Not long ago an English resident of the
East Indies returned after an absence of
some five months to his country bouse
near the seashore. On his arrival be found
everything in apparently first-class order.
Accidentally he struck, with no great
force, one of the door posts; a small piece
rave way. and a hole was made which
ihowed that the Inside was hollow.
Further investigation showed that, the
irhole house had been reduced to a mere
ibell. and that It must fall in the next
high wind. The Englishman realized that
the ruin of his house was the work of the
white ants, and knowing the thorough
ness with which they do their work he
instantly had the house closed and his
neighbors warned.
When the house was knocked down, as
It was some few days thereafter, it was
found that almost all the woodwork ex
cept a* thin external crust of the timbers
and boards had already been eaten away.
The furniture had not been unmolosted, al
though in every case the outward appear
ance of. the articles was as though they
had not been touched.; Y \
The termites perforate and . eat into
wooden buildings, utensils and -furniture,
and if their progress be . not stopped in
time they totally destroy them as far as
further use is concerned. Only metal and
glass can escape ; their ravages. .
Their favorite food is wood, and so large
a number can congregate at one particu
lar spot, and^ so excellent are their , tools,
that the destruction of ? a whole 'apart
ment, or at least the woodwork of ; it. is
of ten. but the work of a single night"
The remarkable I feature of! these depre
dations is that the Insects" never ; attack
the outside of the . objects -, which'. 'uiey
choose to destroy. ; >-"'
.1. In the "West Indies these insects' pierced
the foot 'of a large table, and'ihavlng. in
that manner ascended, carried ' their arch
right across it, and then down through .» !•.*•
middle of the opposite . foot .< In; the »same
manner, right . into -the; floor.;. Some
able papers which were on the" table 'at the
time were unmolested. - ¦ • '
An engineer one night left his trunk on
a table. The next morning he found thai
all ; his clothes I had been destroyed , by i the
termites ; : they must have descended : upon
the house after the trunk had been placed
on the Stable the ", night* before; the papers
had been. torn lntoBUch' small pieces that
not ; a bit • an ' inch . square could .be found.
Several .lead .pencils', which, were jin the
trunk ; had I the ¦¦ lead ; consumed; ¦ and some '
silver '{ coins ihadi'onj'themSa number* of,
blackspecks,; which' were . so .'•• corro&lve';
that ; they could' not be rubbed~off, v eve»
with sand. : .*• '«.¦'¦. J ; . •
.The nests of these insects are conical in
shape" and are generally ; called hills."' They,
are sometimes as high as twelve •; feet,'
which, 1 considering the size of their mak
ers, t is : extraordinary. . /
;..They:« are <^composed ;, of .¦. clay;, and>'al-!
though V hollow, are so : strong that .wild'
bulls 'of ten use them as places from rwhlch
to 'watch h for the : approach of possible
enemies.— North "American. ¦ . \.
Phonograph That May Be Heard for Ten Miles
¦'*jf9.. PHONOGRAPH that shouts so
TZj\ loudly that every word I can be
uj- •'•*.'. heard - at a distance' of ten ; miles
has been Rested at Brighton, says
the London Mail. ; You can whisper a sen
tence * into 'the - machine's v small, ¦ funnel
shaped; mouthpiece;, and' it will repeat It
In tones , that are more deafening than
the shrieks ; a' liner's steam siren. Yet
every .word.' is ; perfectly , articulated, . and
a : shorthand writer., ten miles" away :can
take down ; the' message as -easily as If
you/were dictating to him in a small room.
The . machine is , the ¦ invention , of " Horace
L. • Short 7 of • Brighton/; ' Iii appearance ' it
is' merely an ; ordinary • phonograph -with
a large ? trumpet measuring, four- feet m
Iength. -i . Inside 'this 'trumpet "there is a
small - and delicate piece of ¦" mechanism
that looks something like a whistle. This
is the tongue of the machine. Instead of
thei."records" being taken on war In the
usual manner, a sapphire needle is made
to the dots representing the sound
vibrations on a silver. cylinder, and when
the needle travels over the metal a sec
ond time 'the 'vibrations cause the whistle
to produce a series of air waves and the
machine" thus becomes a talking siren
which transforms - the human ,. voice Into
a deafening roar. . The experiments were
made • near ' the Devil's dyke, Brighton,
where the,. inventor has his ¦workshops.
The instrument ; was placed on the roof
of the laboratory, and was made to re
peat a number of sentences. At a dls-
tauce of ten miles the sounds were plain
ly heard by a large number of people,
every word being perfectly ' distinct, and
at a second trial with a favorable wind
It was found that an unknown message
could be taken down In shorthand at a
distance of twelve miles. Over the water
the sounds will carry still farther and
under favorable circumstances they might
easily be heard by persons on a vessel
fifteen miles out at sea. Placed on a
lighthouse or lightship, the phonograph ¦
would give a verbal warning that would
be Infinitely more effective than the' fog
horn and detonators at present In use. •
The actor who is out of a job always .
claims he Is resting. Probably h« 1»—
from the effects of a long wal v
WHERE woman's coiffure Is con
cerned the curl is still queen.
The height of its power seems
not yet to have been reached,
in spite of a season's reign. In
a \-ariety of new forms this little fas
cinator bids fair to hold sway over femi
nine fancy and the hearts of the opposite
MX.
Never did woman add more potently to
the charm of her evening dress than
when she borrowed from the ladies of the
court of Louis XVI this accompaniment
to the low cut gown. There are few types
of beauty which It will not adorn* with
advantage.
The curl seems to adapt itself to the in
dividual Jty of every owner. It is sweet
and girlish for the debutante, and, in an
other form, adds dignity to the -matron.
It is stately, coy, artistic or conventional,
as each case demands.
In any form the low coiffure , takes ten
years from a woman's age. This Is one
reason why she will cling to . it as long
as Dame Fashion will at all permit. Then
it is undoubtedly true that this form of
hairdress is far more becoming to the
majority of women than is the hair worn
high.
A leading artist in this line explains it
very simpiy: "In the low coiffure the
hair is drawn -back very much as nature
intended it should fall. It is reasonable
that this should be more, beautiful -on
most women than when the hair Is drawn
and caught in directions nature never in
tended'it should be. It Is difficult to im
prove upon nature.",'
But it is the talli stately woman who
benefits most from the low coiffure. She,
indeed, never entirely forswears fealty
to it. even when the high' artificial effects
are in vogue. 1 . The hair worn low, with an
evening gown, hides the defect of a neck
which , is rather too long as nothing else
can do. For the young girl whose^neck
is still a trifle too slender or undeveloped,
the hair; gathered in a knot, high oh the
head,"! and then falling, in a curl or two
to' the shoulder line; gives the necessary
roundness and full*; effect. Only "those
whose necks approach perfection" of form
can afford to despise the beauty giving
touch of the curl.;- ¦ . ' ¦»'.
For the woman who finds it necessary . to
add to > her apparent' Inches 'the proper
effect of ; height is obtained 'with i the ' low
coiffure by waving the hair high about the
forehead before drawing it back. It is the
endless variety of the front nairdress that
make's the low coiffure possible with any
type of face. .'; /». 1
Wave Is Imperative.-
A wave \ there always* is— that is essen
tial. And it should be a loose, natural
wave. Not hard or crimpy. \ Indeed, from
the face to the i coil is one immense wave
in! all the smartest coiffures. But the wave
may, flow back ¦ smoothly from the face,
or, equally correct, .may rise to; the pro
portions of a pompadour about the face.
The newest curl Is much shorter and
more slender than formerly. That known
as the "Janice Meriedith," a heavy bunch
of curls falling over the shoulder or far
down the back, is decidedly passe. In one
of the latest designs the i hair is waved
back all over the head, that' which falls
being divided into two long curls. , These
are now "caught -up loosely and entwined,
so as to produce the effect of a bow, with
large loops and small ends.
The loops are i then fastened . flat and
low down ; on the head ¦ with . large shell
combs, one comb holding each loop. The
short -ends form two little curls, which
hang daintily from beneath, barely reach
ing below the neck. When the hair Is too
Ions to make only the one bow, It la still
further entwined and pinned down over
the back of the head in the game ribboned
effect.
The appearance Is full and soft and flat.
In all the smartest -designs now the aim
Is to make the coll fit low and dose to
the back of the head, no matter to what
helgrhi It may be puffed on top. Nothing:
Is more important than that . a hard,
bunchy look shall.be avoided In the coif
fure which Is worn with a curL
THE BEAUTV OF A SILKEN LOCK TURNED LIKE A PERFECT RHYME
THE .SUNDAY CALI^ ;
5
MILADY'S WINSOME CURL. IN A VARIETY OF NEW FORMS IT AGAIN HOLDS SWAYAnother fancy dance that is more. than,
pretty was taken from the Spanish. It Is
called the "Vienna Waltz." The "numer
ous mannerisms and customs that have
come into being with our new possessions
are all there. It is distinctly the 'bolero
movement and the waltz. The dancers
Now that the waltz and two-step are on
the^wane the really old dances that have
been practically forgotten are picking up
their heads and. wondering, how much
chance they would have If they tried • it
again. Probably the gavotte will be in
strumental in bringing the five-step into
popularity. , • „
The two-step is then added, and after
several steps the same positions are gone
over and over again. The dance is then
conquered, and it only remains to keep it
up and to do it gracefully."
' While the "Florodora nod" is somfr
thing not so very new, it is sometnihg
very catchy and intensely fascinating.
The "Twentieth Century Gavotte" if
also the old and the new. It is the old
military schottische and the rollicking
five-step. The dancers take the first popi
tion that suggests the kick, and after
several steps in the fashion of the grand
march they change to the second, which
is exactly like the pose taken by children
in playing "London Bridge." With this
the side step seems to be taken, although
it is difficult to find out exactly what it is.
The dance finishes in the ordinary waltz'
position, and the five-step again adds
vivacity to it
"Florodora nod." And when this nod ia
given by a particularly fetching girl j it •
works havoc with the heart strings of the
partner.
The turn is the difficult part The par
- ticipants dance toward each other, ? join
hands and the man turns the girl under
his arm exactly as Is done in some of the
games that children play.
After the first few steps the couple sep
arate and dance away from each other
and over their shoulders giveHhe pretty
little salute so commonly known as the
This "Unique" was suggested by the
eertet in their famous turn. If you re
member how the sextet left the stage you
will know exactly what the first position
Is. Each man offers his partner his arm,
and they take a few steps after the fash
ion of the six. It looks easy, but it is not
If you think it is whistle the music and
try it There !s : a kink in it that defies
the first attempt at mastery. Time and
time sxain the same little hitch occurs
until on* is ready to give up end shout
"I don't want to dance the nasty thing
yjCnyway." And then it comes all in an
instant and you wonder how* you could
ever have been stupid enough not to have
caught on Instantly, For when once mas
tered it is the most simple thing imagin
able.
Perhaps the most popular of all the new
ones is the unique dance. Everybody
and everything went "Florodora" crazy,
and the costumes and then the dance it
self was borrowed in the whole or in bits
just as the fancy willed.
But don't neglect nor entirely forget
the waltz and two-step, for they are not
to be relegated to the past That could
positively never be; for they have won
for themselves an established place.
Strange as it may appear to old dancers
that place is now distinctly in the back
ground, and the new dances have prece
dence. *
These days children commence studying
graceful movements almost as soon as
they can toddle, so these new poses are
in a way not new nor difficult to them,
but to the average girl who swaggers
about with two feet of silk sweeping the
floor these frills seem something new and
more than difficult
There is one 'bad thing about this sud
den change. People who have been whirl
ing about in waltzes and two-steps much
longer than they care to or can-remem
ber would better hire a hall and a compe
tent instructor and work hard and furi
ously. For you see to know only the old
dances, unless they date as far back as
the minuet, is a most dreadful give-away
of your age. And if there is one thing
a girl hates to tell more than another it
is that all eventful date, unless there are
only summers.
The two-step and waltz held sway so
long and so exclusively that when the
tide turned it swept the standards more
than half way out. The picturesque came
in with a rush and a bang. Pretty fig
ures and odd combinations are the dis
tinctive characteristics.
Our good grand dames .would have
thought we were all going to perdition
if they £ad known that dances would take
such a hold on the fancy that the styles
would be as eagerly" looked forward to
as are the latest fashions ln,clothes. Such
has been the case this year.
The time has come when it keeps an
army of men and women busy evolving
something new and something striking
enough to take the youthful fancy of our
fastidious light-steppers.
DO PEOPLE look askance at danc
ing these days? Even the most
staid churchgoers no longer frown
on it as an amusement, if the
dancers are graceful and the steps
are not too fancy or too high.
The Waltz anil Two-Step
Are Now to Have Rivals
in Their Race lor Public
Favor— Freakish Dances
That Are the Direct Out
come ol the "Florodora"
Craze— New Combina
tions ol Old Dances-
Novel Fancy Dances.
T TL K. S LTNT.H A Y ' C A JLL.
6
the sets' are formed in it. _ . , *««
the : ordinary ones and it is danced to the
ordinary music.
, Many of the ideas have been borrowed
from the figures of the german. Sleigh
bells and driving figures, where the many
colored ribbons are used,? are the prettiest
and are the gayest looking. •'" .
But" whether the lancers 'will-be as
popular as the german remains to be seen.:
The ' same '. partner must suffice through-*"
out the- dance. There is none of that - de
lightful running away with, another fel
low's girL There Is no chance for-flirta
tion r and no chance to /dance half .the
evening away" with some chosen one in an
other set And again there are no favorsf
which has gone a long <. way toward mak
ing the german the. pretty a sight \ that it
is. ; But nevertheless the lancers are com
ing in to take Its place.
Many of the invitations that have been
Issued to' dancing parties lately have had
"assembly" Ijnstead ' of Vgerman" in the
corner. That'plalnly shows that the round
dances, are : coming 'Into favor again and
'Chat the german has lost some of its sud
den popularity.
;;A"pretty; dance, but not oh the fancy or
der," is the three-step. -It" is a" regular half
aid half affair, Just between the two-step
and the five-step. Another one not , tm-
Hke It is the redowa. It has been
danced for several seasons with more or
less success, but it promises to be a leader
of the really new ones.
The, Wanbausee is another new dance.
The gentlemen commence with their left
foot and the ladies with their right one.
Then there are two steps taken forward.
The gentleman places his left hand on his
hfp and places his right around th* lady's
waist Then two glidlnj tt»&« ar» taken
with the right foot and two with the left.
This is repeated over once again and
finally, they break into a waltz. It Is
pretty, but I fancy will not be as popular
as some others. The , stage has been re
sponsible for the new dances coming in to
a certain extent. A graceful dancer Is al
ways duly admired. The parlor dance
was Introduced as a novelty— and from
that has come - the desire to make the
ballroom seem a little more picturesque.
Girls see how wonderfully graceful
and charming a pretty dancer is and they
straightway make up their minds to ac
complish that feat or die in the attempt
For society girls are ever after something
new and when they find something that
presents both grace and amusement it is
a combination hard to beat'
stand almost back to back, and in this
position take several steps backward.'
Gradually they, face more andimore'slde
ways and finally, finish by . waltzing', in or
dinary position. " : -f '':":'
The. german has a 'quick second also,
and; that is the old-fashioned lancers, xnn
funny old dance that invariably reminds
us all of country dances; f where the lonej
lorn flddler/saws but ' the' tune'and shrieks
madly, "First couple down the i center"
and "All * hands round.'' '
. These new lancers have. a" name, and. It
is quite as 'fancy ." as . the dance . itself.
While the Worcester landers are all new,
Jfow to forecast the isdeaiher
THE ordinary person makes no dis
tinction between one_ cloud and an
other, though by some meteorolo
gists they are divided Into four dis
tinct groups; the heaped up cumu
lus; the delicate, feathery, curling little
clouds, named cirrus, so high as to be
frozen, often, into minute needles of ice;
the wide-spreading sheets of cloud named
stratus, which, seldom more than a mile
above the earth, often come down to'en
velop qs in fogs of mist; and the dark, un
mistakable nimbus, very toon causing the
water that left the earth as vapor to bo
restored as rain.
The clouds owe thf ir different forms to
different physical states of the atmos
phere, to which are also due the aerial
currents, which often flow in directions
other than the currents or winds prevail
ing close to the earth. '
In weather forecasting no clouds are
worthy of euch attention as the cirrus
clouds, which attain a greater elevation
than any others, averaging in summer a
height of five or six miles above the earth.
Their sudden appearance In a clear sky is
generally a. signal of foul weather, espe
cially when their streamers have an up
ward tendency, for this indicates that the
clouds are falling. After, heavy rains, on
the other hand, the formation of these
clouds Is often a sign of improvement. -
When cirrus clouds appear In summer,
the assumption ii that rain will appear In
two or three days. They are seldom seen
In winter, and never for long:. When cir
rus clouds assume the form of stratus* at
any altitude of four or five miles, 1 their
persistence is an almost certain ;¦ sign of
rainy weather. If, on the ' contrary, they
remain of small size, and quickly disap
pear, no change is to be apprehended.
'Among the most significant ; of the cir
rus formation of clouds Is that delicate
white veil called cirro-palllum,-, which is
gradually drawn across ¦ the sky. -< This,
with Its accompanying lunar and solar
halOB, almost certainly foretells rain and
bad weather for the next day.
Cumulus clouds vary enormously In
size, but so long, as they remain of mod
erate dimensions, In fine weather, they in
dicate a continuance of brightness. But
when, in hot 'weather, they grow excep
tionally large, they give warning of
storms, with high temperature— and with
great certainty when they assume a
dome-like shape. - .
The ordinary stratus, the fog of the sky.
Is common In all seasons,, but is generally
observed in the morning or ; evening; It
causes tin© rain, seldom of very long du
ration. *¦
None can mistake the nimbus forma
tions, those dark, heavy-looking, masses,
with clearly defined outlines; the certain
precursors of immediate rain.' They may
attain the size of immense mountains of
vapor, the base less than a mile above
the ¦ ground and the summit as • high as
nve miles. Some nimbus clouds have been
calculated to contain as much as 200 cubic
miles of vapor 1— Pearson's Magazine,
THE LATEST FASHIONS IN DANCINGHAZEL • HOLMES,
Denman School.:
Continued on Page Eleven.
WHEN I grow up I shall be a
wife and a mother. I will not
marry a man unless I am sure
he has sufficient means to sup
port me comfortably and a
pro*p.ct of '.ts tonUnuaiiocI J shall pjwnd
NELLIE J. DBESSEB,.
Denman School.
O* 8 long, as it is so necessary for the
| f T \ ' thoughts . of my future > life/ to be
r~H known .in regard [ to' what my (pro
' ¦¦ I f ession 1 will '; be ¦ a • few years - hence
¦ /T? I think I /would. like to be a writer.
I don't mean* thajUl- would write a book
which . would be >'/. world renowned and
praised. I mean to ; go . traveling to, finish
,• my. course' of studies, .including^ muslo
.and singing," and. also .to visit scenes 4 that
: are -very : exciting. - They, would* ; be V the
beginning of ;a ; short- story fora maga
zine: , I would r also £ act f as a . newspaper
•reporter when I was not; occupied ,by- my.
• studies.'. I know I would. like to go, flying
to some-exciting scene such as tho"burn
ing of a house, a runaway, horse, or a man
threatening to' murder his rival; that -Is,
a -rival; in regards to fact that [they-; both,
were -longing; for the hand of the, same
, young lady. ' Or. to; a ' scene' where a poor
servant was ; nearly frightened to -, death
fronv a' scolding, she -had: received '• from
hermistress for not having, told her that
a. messenger had '. arrived with a message
IRENE THEDY,
Clement School.
hard to lose our credits by what we think
Is little or nothing, but In njsfcascs we
vt AVING been afforded most of th«
1 \ luxuries of life, it has nev«r
I I ; dawned upon m« until now Just
•^ J what I would do If thrown • upon
my own responsibilities, but gath
ering my thoughts together, I think I
w uld like to educate myself to enter Into
a business life, whether it be a sten
ographer, bill clerk or bookkeeper, I can
not tell, as either occupation offers th«
interest and Independence so much sought
for In this world.
After a little consideration I think may
be 1 1 would like to bo a atenogra.ph.er. be
cause first it la not very difficult; second,
one learns to express herself so well after
listening to ona who ia older and can put
his ideas forward in good form, and third,
because one can command a salary after
a little experience to warrant her moat
anything, she may desire. I really do
think that if ever 1 am compelled to earn
my own living it's a stenographer I shall
be. Of course, billing and bookkeep
ing are all-right, but they require too
much concentration and too much respon-
take as my subject - a school
teacher, j A teacher's life is not what most
people make it out to be. It has Its pleas
ures and its displeasures as well as any
other vocation.
Imagine a teacher with a class of forty
or fifty pupils and all, or- nearly all, with
a different disposition.. It is. a very hard
task to study them' all.
As I now feel about - it I think that I
would give them all a good time with not
much extra studying to do, especially
home work; for, as you know, the pupils
as well as the teacher need a little recrea
tion after school hours.- -
¦ I "do not" blame' the teachers for giving
marks or taking off credits ' for, inatten
tion or disobedience, for -I Intend to do
that myself If I ever hold a position as
schoolteacher. .
- It seems but a few short months since
I entered' school "and now I am In the
graduating class of the Clement Grammar
School. •*;;; -
Sometimes we girls think that it ia very
WE . have been asked to write a
composition on our future ambi
tion in life. I have been .think
ing of many, but have decided to
oprr 31 am asked to put my ideas of
f I :he future, I will do so in as few
I I words as I ¦ possibly can. I first
- I ¦"¦ want, to . go through .. this school
and. then to High School. I should
expect by that time to know the piano, .
mandolin and guitar and . a few foreign
languages. Then j I would like to . travel
across ".'; the : continent 'to New York and
then to the British 'Isles again -and stay
in England a time with my relations. To
then go ; to France and | Paris, whose
broad, ' clean streets, beautiful parks,
monuments and > her fine - edifices - make"
her one, of , the moBt beautiful of .. the
large cities, and to walk along the beau
tiful boulevard that looks" out on the
Seine. Then to Geneva; Genoa and Milan,
and then to the 'grand (old city of. Rome. .
I .would ' like ' very : much ; to ' see ' the Pope,
the ancient tombs of the saints, its beau
tiful, cathedrals, especially St Peter's, the "
most; beautiful .and V largest cathedral ¦ in
the' world; for Rome Is the city visited by
artists from all over ;tha world, who go
there to study the works of "old masters."
And one place more I would like to visit
is -Egypt - and see ¦ its ' ancient '-. Pyramids, -
especially , the \ Sphinx " and - the - : famous
pyrainids Of • Gizeh. '- 1 : would like - then ' to
return to America, to Ball to and visit the
oldcltyof Montreal again and sail* down
the beautiful St. Lawrence.' I would like
to visit the United States capital, Wash-
HAZEL B. SCHAI),
Clement School.
MARY CHBISTAL,
¦ . . ¦ ' .\ •; ¦' '
Clement School.
LIZZIE McGRATH.
Clement School.
-On my way. home from Europe I should
like to stop at New York and see Fifth
avenue, with Its fine houses; Buffalo,
where, the Temple of Music stands. Chi
cago would not be a place of interest; as
all.' I hear of it Is pork and smoke; but
on coming-out West I should like- to see
Then I should like to see Ireland, whose
beautiful lakes and hills have a fascina
tion for me even In reading a descrip
tion of them; :to see the ¦.. silvery lakes of
•Klllarney and to sit on the hills at sunset
and watch the sun go down. Scotland,
to my imagination. Is very .interesting.
China, Japan f and Siberia are all a part
of my Journey in Imagination. I but in 1 the
end the cities and towns of the United
States would interest me far better than
any foreign country or city.
I should like to. go tq Europe first, to
see all the beautiful scenery of Rome and
Florence, where the paintings of Botti
celli and other great artists are to bo
seen. Paris. Berlin/Milan and St. Peters
burg are also Interesting cities to me.
*^i S I am asked to put my thoughts
f | In words, I do so with great pleas
( I ure, as the reader is my first con-
A» I fidant.
My greatest and highest ambi
tion is to travel, but as there are so many
accidents both on the railroad and on
sea I suppose I must wait until'the air
ship is in progress. .
The reason I intend to become a mother
Is because I have been taught that Is
every woman's duty. I shall manage the
household affairs myself, because in doing
so 1 shall know- where every cent of the
money has gone, and will be able to regu
late my income accordingly. -I say that
my husband shall be "good looking" be
cause if he were very handsome he
would be likely to attract other women.
My reascn for wishing to raise : only a
small family is that I can give two chlU
dren more attention and devote myself
more to them than if there were a num
ber to care for. They shall 'attend public
school, tor there they become acquainted
with all conditions of life, and I think It
helps them to be unselfish and kind to
others. They shall be raised in a town
lather than in the city, because city In
fluences are not always beneficial ' to
young children. I shall do my own work
as far as possible, because I ¦ do not want
to be annoyed by the "servant girl prob
lem," though, on second thought, "when
I gcow up" the "servant girl' problem"
marry must have the qualities of a thor
ough gentleman; he must be good
natured, kind-hearted, chivalrous, good
looking, and an intelligent business man,
and he must also be reconciled to my
mother. I ehould not care to raise a very
large family, two girls being all the chil
dren I want. I shall train \ them with'
much care and send them to a public
school. My home shall be in the suburbs
of Boston, or perhaps in Cambridge. I
shall live in a house of about ten rooms
and shall do as much of the housework
myself as possible.
the money judiciously, because I do not
think it is right for a wife to waste the
money her husband earns. The man ! I
and likewise many other problems may
be things of the past..
that a distant relative had died and in his
will had left her a sum of money. All
these things wpuid take up space .In a
newspaper and would be the foundation
of a short story for a magazine.
After this- 1 may get married or I may
be an old maid; I cannot tell till the
time comes. ;
"Sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof." . ?y. .;
ington, see the White House, and then b~
rail to Chicago and then to Sari Fran
cisco, where I would like to make my
home.
If I ever have to earn my living I would
turn. my thoughts to study to be a doc
tress. But if anything should ; prevent
from being so I should like to be a teacher
of piano and musical Instruments.
As there is only one occupation for one
person to follow, I will stop, fearing I
might change my mind for .
The though.* of youth are long, Ion* thoughts.
deserve to be punished more than we wx*.
I often worry over my disappointments
In school during the day, but when I. think
over it I find that I am greatly to blame.
To become a teacher of any thins on*
must practice patience and concentration
and exercise will power.
.Many teachers are nervous and Impa
tient, and therefore cannot correctly con
trol their scholars.
I Intend when I become a teacher . (If I
even do) not to be too lenient with my
pupils; but you may take It for granted
that I will never turn gray orer the
pleasures 'or displeasures of schoolteach-
After I had seen all I wanted to see I.
like to settle down in a little cot
tage in the country, with great willow
trees shading: the- house, a conservatory j
and a piazza to sit. on of a warm even
ing. .1-1 should also like two brown dogs
named. Spice and -a cat, a pony,
a horse, and buggy and an automobile if
possible, » and all this 'to be shared by a
good, kind husband. But as I have put my
: thoughts Into words they do not look 'half
so pleasant as they did when I was build-:
ing them. I will stop here, hoping to in
terest my reader. • ¦
all the cities and towns, as I have always
lived within the limits of California, and
In all these travels I do not wish to be
alone. I r should like to be^with my hus
band. .. ..
The idea has been taken up by
San Francisco schoolgirls, but with
out their knowledge that the papei
was to be other than an ordinary ex
ercise. Four localities were chosen
in order to get as varied a class of
children as possible. Certainly if the
children of this age live up to their
ambitions, Uncle Sam can make no
ccmplaints in regard to his citizens.
But the American girl did not
trouble herself about men and dc
xnestic duties. Independence -was her
cry. To have a profession, to make
money, to gain influence and to stand
well with the people of this world was
h.er ambition.
The English girl's main idea was
to advance socially, to please gener
ally and to secure as indulgent a
husband as possible. The German
lassie's bent was decidedly domestic.
Her ambition was to be a thorough
1-ousewife. By understanding the
art' of cooking and the knack of
making a house attractive she itelt
that the best bait was thrown out to
unwary men. In other words, that
those qualities would attract a man
looking for a wife.
THE question, "What I Hope to
Be," was tf.ken up by an Eng
lishman, who, upon investiga
ting the subject, found that the ideas
ci children depended largely upon
their nationality.
• . - - . - ' - . - ¦ - - *
7
WHAT I HOPE TO BE WHEN I GROW UPTHE SUNDAY CAL..
8no_textThen he went back in the wings after
me, while the people were laughing and
applauding and wondering what sort of
a freak I might be. They found out in
a moment and the whole house was roar
ing before I had reached the center of the
stage. And you couldn't blame them, for
I looked a sight. The most striking feat
urea in my get up were a blazing red
ehirt and a flaring unkempt beard that
had not been molested for weeks and
months. A bandana handkerchief met
this beard around my throat and served
to set off an old faded suit of yellow
macklnaw. Hip rubber boots with the
tops turned over down to the knees fin
ished me off at one end and an old cow-
bo> hat formed the crowning touch to
this picture of a musical miner. I was
hugging my violin and with a slight nod
to the crowd in front I stood and waited
for the orchestra of four or five musicians
to get through laughing and let me have
my innings.
They kept on giggling until one of them
came to his senses and began to give me
A on the piano. I fumbled around and
began to run over the strings; this I did
several times ' and always out of tune.
Then I took off my cowboy hat and ran
my fingers through my hair. Once more I
bowed the strings and 'this time the dis
cord was worse and more of it. 'The or
chestra and audience were both In con-
i ?".¦
'beard and then I began to play softly at
ttrst my own arrangement of airs from "II
Trovatore." They lr'egan to realize then
that I had not been brought up as a miner,
I think, and Padercvski himself might
have felt complimented at the 'way in
which . my uncouth appearance was lost
sight of In appreciation .of the ever beau
tiful airs of the opera. And when it came
to an end the house gave vent to Its feel
ings In a way that made ihe new walls
fairly shake and caused me to smile as
broadly as a miner would have done if
he had struck it rich.
For it certainly struck me that all Daw
son and I were enjoying a rich joke to
gether. '':.*'•' i-\
I got out into the wings to be joshed by
Billy Bard, but they called and recalled,
so I swaggered out once more- and played
a. Spanish fantasia. This was more showy
and took them, quite by E.ornr, but still
they didn't realize that a simple musician
stood before them.
One man was heard to remark audibly
that "That cove, had never ought to gone
in t.he mining business."
All this time I was in the wings being
joshed on all sides and getting ready to
present a normal appearance -once more.
The buzzing outside continued, with an
occasional- hurrah and when the man who
¦was managing the programme went out to
make the next announcement they would
not allow him to speak, but called for
more music from "the fellow with the
beard." ' "* !
Finally when he could get a word in
edgewise he told them how they had -been
hoaxed and that they had been listening
to the musical director of the Columbia
Theater, San Francisco, who was in town
: on business and had taken' this mode of
giving himself a little pleasure. Then the
applause, mixed with laughter, broke, out
again louder than ever and I "had to go
out and bow. . ;-'•%
After the show I thought I should never
get away alive, so great was the joshing
I received. The very next day I received
an offer of a permanent engagement to
play in the orchestra there at a salary of
$25 a night, for as many nights as I want
ed. Ar.d that was my first public ap
j pearance as a musician in the Klondike,
• and I think every one called it a success.'
Anyway, I shall never forget the recep
tion I got as a miner who could play the
fiddle. .
But I had "other experiences in the far
north which were hardly so pleasant,
among which I may mention the Journey
from Fort Yukon . over the ice to Daw
son. which Mr. Roncovieri, two others
and myself made together. AVe had to
tramp it in, and we slept three nights on
Lake Lebarge, with no protection fram
" the icy ground save rubber blankets.
. That lake is about 150 miles from Skag
way and about thirty miles long. Then
onward we tramped, the four of us har
ntssed up and "drawing the sleigh the
same as horses or dogs. Then I realized
that the Klondike was not exactly the
place to pick out to take a vacation in.
• THat was about the reason that I went
up there, . though. After nve .years of
river carefully on my own account. ' The
Indians call this "reading the water," and
I soon became quite proficient in it.
In that country proficiency means
money for the pilots, for good ones are
paid $20 a day.
On the lower river the Indians are the
best pilots, and they have only to look at
the water and they can tell where it is
deep and where shallow. When I thought
I knew enough to guide my ship aright I
went to the Collector of the Port at Daw
son, whom I knew. He said I could be
made a captain if I could pass an exami
nation and would pay a Canadian to go
along with me to conform to the law.
So that was arranged, and before long 1
•was Captain Schmitz of the stern-whee\
steamer Clara, 100 feet long and I have
forgotten how big besides, and soon I bad
her running all over the river.
I remember a pathetic incident that
happened one day in the short days of
September. It was just about dusk and .
¦we were chxtrnlng along in the boat, when
I saw a man ~ running wildly along the
shore and making signs for me to come
nearer to the shore. The shore was a
rocky one, but I got there somehow and
he called faintly: "For God's sake take
me on board. I think I am going to die."
I did get him on board the Clara, and
found he was despondent to the verge of
insanity. He was one of the many wood
choppers whose cabins are scattered
along the river. He had been at that
work for six weeks for the N. A. T. Com
pany, alone in the cold and. silence, save
for the company of a faithful dog, . A
week before our steamer had come along
the dog died, and the man was alone in
the wilderness. . , .v,.
It was too much for his nerves and
physical strength and the boat was a
godsend. I kept him. nursed and cheered
him up for a week, and thea-he was ready
to take up his life again. That was only
one of the many sad things that came
Into my experience, and the funny ones .
are the pleasing ones to remember.
Among those I remember for the favors
they extended me in that country are the
Canadian mounted police, as able a body
of men as I ever saw, but about whom
many uncomplimentary things have been
said. They are called the mounted police,
though as a matter of fact- they are on
foot, except in Ottawa or other towns.
In their little stations along the river I
often met them, and I know of many
cases in which they were a great help to
many a poor traveler. That is a country
where it is truly all work and not ranch
pleasure for any one. Lake Bennett and
Tagish Lake are connected in my mind
with the hardest trips we had. There I
saw many men fall by the wayside.
In coming out of the Klondike we left
Dawson on the 13th cf October, and as it
happened it was on a Friday. That cir
cumstance, together with the date, war
ranted everybody in predicting that" we
would never reach White Horse. As It
was we were the last boat that left Daw
son, and the only one that arrived safely.
I had a bet of a champagne supner with
Captain Ritchie of the Canadian Develop
ment Company, who left Dawson Just a
little before us. that he would get there
first. I have never seen him since. His
boat, with several others, got frozen in
the river for all winter.
But as I said before I enjoyed every bit
of my Klondike experience. I was a
hearty Klondiker, and never had a sick
day, save an illness caused by a fall re
ceived 'just before we came out. I d.s
tanced Roncovieri. for he came out three
months before I did. After all. warmth
and civilization are better than gold and «
ice for a steady diet. Perhaps the wheel
of fortune may find me in the far north,
again some day-
vulsiona of laughter by this time, but
.they • politely refrained from doing any
thing: worse out of sympathy for: me. I
suppose. They did not know that all the
time I was laughing In my sleeve at them.
Then I thought it was time to do 'some
guying 1 myself, so I started in with a
flourish and played a cadenza. The first
violin in that orchestra put his Instru
ment down and started up over the foot
lights with his mouth open. The tapes In
the audience changed and the ¦ laughter
died away like a breeze after a storm.
I kept quiet for a moment or so and
ecjoyed watching them from behind my
work at the Columbia, when a company
offered to send me up there to look after
their interests, and not being averse to
a chance to pick up a little gold for my
self. I decided to do some exploring Just
for a change and rest.
But I hardly thought that in addition
to my other experiences X should add
that of being the captain of a Yukon
River steamboat. But I waa monarch of
all I surveyed on a stern-wheeler, and for
four or five months, too. It came about
in this way:
In our journeyings I had so much trou
ble with pilots that I began to study the
"Ladies and Gentlemen: The next thing
on the programme will be a fiddle solo by
a miner who has worked for me all ¦win
ter. At least he says he has. He's a
sour dough stiff by the name of Smith.
He wouldn't work much with me, but all
his time was spent tinkering on an old
cigar box that he had rigged up as a
fiddle. He will appear before you and if
he can't play any better than he can mine
I am sorry for the audience. At the same
time it would be a pity to deprive you of
the opportunity of hearing him."
personage important enough to be master
of ceremonies of the affair and when the
time came for my solo he was the one to
announce me. This is the way he did if.
The population there Is about five
eighths American, and I met Captain Jack
Crawford, the poet scout. He was full
of an Elks' benefit performance, a mati
nee, to be given jointly with a Fourth of
July celebration on the next day in the '
new Grand Opera-house just completed.on
the site of the old Palace Grand Theater
In Dawson. I was only in for a few days
from the mines, but he was looking for
assisting talent and he insisted that 1
must heir> them out. I don't know, what
he told concerning me, but that same
afternoon one of the high muck-a-mucks
among the Elks came to me and asked
me to give them a vocal solo. All the
seats were so'd at $29 each and it was
going to be the grandest thing of the
mining season. I told him. which was the
truth, that I could not sing, that I could
play a little, but that I was there just
from work, on business, that I hadn't
brought my wardrobe, which he could see
plainly enough without my telling him.
Finally I yielded and we agreed between ¦
us that I would play, but that I would
come on the stajre in a garb not my own
and be introduced to the audience as some
one else. We both promised to keep the
secret and then we parted. I spent some
time that evening practicing and arrang
ing: more striking details for my costume.
The next day the hour for the celebra
tion came and with it an audience of
twenty-dollar scaters that overflowed the
new theater. Billy Bard, an old miner,
who owned ten or fifteen claims, was a
Yet it was under these circumstances
that I once appeared In public In the
Klondike and the occasion still forms one
of the most amusing memories of my so
journ In that land of ice and gold
Though I had hardships of all kinds in
that country save the need ( of money, yet
I enjoyed it all and was well and in a
happy frame cf mind as I was strolling
through the streets of Dawson on the 3d
day cf July. 1S99.
«^f MUSICIAN under false colors. In
f I strange clothes and In a strange
I I land! What more unhappy com-
V» I bir.ation could be imagined than
JL this? " - >/ --:.
Tll'v SUNDAY CALL.
10
HOW I PLAYED THE FIDDLE IN DAWSONZELLA MEBKLEY,
Franklin School.
I THINK It is natural that all girls
have some idea of what they intend
to be in after life. I have never said
positively what I intend to be, but
now, as I am pinned down to do so,
I shall have to do my best
I have often said I would be a dress
maker or many other things, but as I
grow older I think ¦ more - of becoming a
teacher. To be a teacher one must have
an excellent education, which takes pa
tience and time. Some girls would get
tired of school, but I don't think that I
will. I have one good advantage, and
that is, I started school young. I am also
very healthy, and I have never been kept
out of school for any reason.
Teachers always have a chance to keep
Improving. They also have short hours,
good pay, long vacations and pleasant
work.
Now, I have stated what I Intend to be
j !n the future, unless some circumstances
• make me change my mind.
rrr.ATR.-K SULLrVAK",
Franklin School.
at 12. Bank stocks and , sugar should be
up at the close. s . . •
February. 22, L ; Saturday — Regular., busl-.
ness routine ; will be 'undisturbed to-day.
There ' may be some . startling, develop
ments in army or navy affairs upon" this
date.\ ,;
¦ . y
February 16, Sunday— Those who cele
brate "the anniversary of their birth upon.
( this day should "exercise" great caution in
their business , dealings ' during -the -;next
year. .Unexpected happenings are likely,:
to' occur and the year- will be a, very
eventful one. Young, men "will court 'but
should not ; marry within the- next twelve
months.-- '-. ,.". - • •¦• '¦•
•w February; 17, . Monday-^This will . be, a
fortunate . year . for I those : .who ; are ¦ in \ the ;
'¦ employ ,'of others,-:' andifor.; those who seek,
promotion;"' if , their ;.- birthday j : f alls upon
•this 'date.; It Is : not a 'good year to ¦ start
hew < as : there . will ' be f many;
annoyances. Young; women;
'- should j not, engage, in business this : year:'"
': February . 18, Tuesday— This J will prove
to.be a fortunate year for, those who cele
/brafe their '"birthday.', upon this : date.
Young , women \will I experience ~ &~, happy
r and eventf ul 'year .*;^ Great'; interest 'will; be .
taken.;by* all; in- religion \ and; scientific - af- )
'fairs.": There: will-be long journeys I taken
¦ by-some.; ' . ' '• '.'....-.: ¦,,. : -' V' .:••,. /",...*
i February '• 19, .Wednesday— All .who cele-"
brate the anniversary of. their 1 natal day
upon this date .should exercise great' care
affairs. Commercial travelers will be suc
cessful if they start upon Journeys upon
this date.
Speculation Is quite - uncertain. \ Grain
may open a little higher and advance a
few points by 11 a. m. Sugar and coffee
will be highest at noon.
. February IS, Tuesday— Wholesale deal-^
ers should realize great profits and large'
bookings , made on this day. •
Foreign securities, mining stocks and
railroad stocks will.be best to-day. -Wheat
opens easy, but will be very changeable
. until 11 o'clock.
February 19, .Wednesday— This is a good
day to sell. Real- estate dealers should
find ; this day a- profitable one. ; " ; >' ¦ -
' Markets open down, but : grain and. pro-. .
, visions go, up by 10; Iron at 11;. bank stocks ;
at ¦ 12, and copper,, and sugar at' 1-* p. '. m. ¦' •' '¦';
/ February 20, Thursday— Push •¦ all I bust- : ;
negs affairs and inventions upon this 'day.
Property, transfers should be made to-day*:
and important papers signed. .
Wheat opens, fair, and firm; sugar, and
metals go up at 10. _, ; Grain should. be very -
changeable, with some gain at theTclosoT
of the market. ; . ., ' V; i Y,
, February.' 2L Friday— This is a good day.'
. upon which to make cfianges, start «ypon
journeys and to introduce new departures
. in business. .
.Professional people will find this a for- •
tunate dav. . „
The stock market opens uncertain.
Metalstand mining stocks^should be fair'.
'<.. February ¦ 16,'. Sunday— The -children born
upcn'lthis; day 'will be , hot-tempered^ and
• The : childreh^born, during, this week -will
be strong-minded ¦ and ' fearless. ; They; will
be ? successful i in "\ j attaining their .-'ambi
tions; and will have, a : - marked capacity
for Avcrk.' .They will _. be plunger?' in spec
ulation and will accumulate money.';
Births.
"February 1 22, Saturday—There will be
busfhess worries \ but * some .' financial gain
for those whose ' birthday;: falls upon i this
date. > Some; will v likely " make /advanta
geous ' changes ; during ; \ the next 'twelve
months. ./Young ' women;, may make • -ro
mantic marriages within the -year. . .
' February . 21, \ Friday— This " may be : an
unfortunate^ year.' in' domestic and love
affairs i for; -those Vwho' celebrate their
birthday to-day. "It will ,be an .unsatis
factory.., year., f or , those engaged In - busi
ness. '^Professional people should prosper,
'and ''especially •these -. in \ the field of dra
matic &rt.^S38BS888NKNBBH
February. 20, Thursday— Financial losses
threaten^ those 'whose birthday falls upon
this "day. Judicious care^ should be used
In the handlings of -.money. - AH should
avoid ' speculation. Young women should
care. f or; their : health/ '7 ¦ >
in the prevention - of accidents, . Sudden
illnesses may "assail ' some, but recovery
will-be ¦ rapid in most cases. > There may
be business complications. arise, in. the ca
reers of . business men. • ¦ Young women
should have offers of marriige. / ..'<
THE week beginning on Sunday,
February 16, will brins; forceful
preparations for large operations.
A building and machinery boom
will be Instituted and trade in
various kinds of building; and manufact
uring materials will be brisk.
New and special inventions in mining;
machinery should be put into operation.
These conditions will be Induced by the
earth's passing Into the sign Virgo, , in
conjunction with Mars, opposite in Pisces.
Speculation will be quite active, espec
ially in oils and mining stocks. These
may be strongest during the latter days
of the week.
Health will be fairly good. Some: may.,
suffer, from despondency.. Care should be
taken against accidents and especially by
those living in mining districts. -
The weather will be stormy... the first of
the week, followed by clear ¦ and ; cold
weather. By. the 21st and 22d rain or
snow, according to latitude, will prevail.
Marriage.
This is not a propitious time for mar
riages, and those contemplating, matri
mony had best defer this important event.
There will be a number of marriage , en
gagements contracted during this week.
Business.
February 16, Sunday— Thls ; Is ¦ not a fa
vorable day and should be passed quietly
and restfully. Any business : transacted
upon this day will not be conducive of
good results.
February 17, Monday— This is a good day
upon which to start new enterprises, pro«
mote schemes and to push all business
The Secrets of the Stars Made Clear to You.
my schoolmates, but also of my friends.
I want to be good to people and charita
ble to the poor. "What I .Hope to Be" Is
a hard question to answer, but I desire to
live a good lif vrorthy of example.
-February/ 22, "Saturday— The., children
born to-xlay will -be exceptionally gifted.
They should become artists.' musicians,'
inspirational • speakers .and writers. Many
of- them r: will lead wandering, unsettled
.lives, "'.but they, will- be happy and ab
sorbed • in . their .' life work. .
: February 21, .Friday— The children born
upon; this day will ' be fond . of pleasures,'
will possess many friends, and will be lav
ishly generous. The boys "will 'be success
ful , in . business, and the girls will . make
advantageous: marriages. ¦ . .
February 20, Thursday— The children Of
to-day .;"• will »be careless' and inclined -, . to
great extravagance/; They, will do better
in the employ Tof others than engaged Iii
their .own . enterprises. The girls should
be gifted in music and literature. : :
~. February 19, .Wednesday— The children
born -upon this day will be rather: un
lucky. They, should "^be trained at an
early age" in the principles of right and
self-reliance. . . The ¦ boys will be excellent
workers, and some, will inherit large
fortunes.' - i .
February IS, Tuesday— These children
wiir.be active, clever and successful in
all of .their undertakings... ; The boys
should- become wholesale merchants, ex
plorers • and '-. lecturers on ". religious .' and
scientific^ subjects! "The girls will prob
ably marry while quite young. ;_-".. v
February s 17, '' Monday— The children of
to-day will be fond of pleasure, of travel
and of sight-seeing. They will be ener
getic and will choose careers that will
bring constant 'change ( and diversion.
difficult to , manage '. during childhood.
They : may be . liable .to accidents." The
boys : will ; be successful in business and
the girls lucky in affairs of the. heart.
O»"f S X am In the last grade In the
f \ Lincoln Grammar School I am
( I very anxious about preparing my
I lessons, but I should consider this
% : T ;. as a very small matter compared
to the future anxieties of life. I hope by
hard study and energy to graduate In
June with high honors.
When I try to choose an occupation I
and It very hard to decide. To find the
one I am most adapted to is also a hard
task. I hope to become a teacher, but If
not I will try to successfully perform
duties that cross my path. -
I hope to win the affection not only of
WINNIE BELL,
Lincoln Grammar.
I would try to make everything as
pleasant as possible for my employer and
his other employes. I hope to have a
good thorough course in my two positions.
I would like to be a school teacher,. but
it seems as though I have not patience
enough to teach others, as I get discour
aged too easily.
I think I would like bookkeeping and
typewriting because I think it would bring
a good, salary, with which I could sup
port my mother and father as they grow
older. <>:,¦><
WHAT I hope to be, is quite a
hard question to answer. There
are quite a few positions which
I would like to take up, but the
positions I think about most
are bookkeeping and typewriting. ";'
So, with this ambition In view, I will use
all my energies to have my mamma and
papa give me the opportunity to learn
this profession thoroughly so that when
I am a lady and earning a good salary I
can help little girls along and show them
the advantages to be gained by the life of
a stenographer. IRENE THEDY.
elbillty, for generally from what I have
heard my papa often remark, no matter
what's the matter in his office, it always
arises somewhere bet-ween the bill clerk
and the bookkeeper.
The one thing I hope to be more than
anything else Is an authoress. Ever since
I have been able to think I have hoped to
write a story of some kind, and ever since
I have been able to read reading has been
my pastime. In my estimation authors
Of course draping and trimming hats
would be very interesting, but even hats
lose their interest after a while.
I tried the millinery trade and I like it
very much. But to sit in a little room
and sew all day, year after year, would
be an occupation I would not care for.
I am very fond of music, and some day
hot a long way off I hope to take piano
lessons.
I should like to be a school teacher, If
I might teach the little ones, for my best
friends are among the little people. But
I would never have patience with older
pupils, because when they did wrong I
should know they were old enough to
have better sense.
I AM now In the last grade of the Lin
coln Grammar School, and my first
hope is to graduate in June, and, if
possible, without the examination.
That is one of the things I hope for.
GERTRUDE HANLON,
Lincoln Grammar.
Now, for myself, I, would like' to be well
educated and broaden my^ldeas by travel
ing ¦ and learning the customs and , habits
of the other races which inhabit. our
globe. As far. as I ; can decided, would
like to become a famous author and add
my name to the list of modern writers. •
Great mistakes are often made in try-
Ing -to follow some one profession when
you are in no way adapted for it. Of
course, if we could know positively' be
forehand what we could 'be successful at
much, time and energy would be saved. '
• • • .¦ 7. ., - • ..-.¦•..».
"V 'Y*;"\ HAT to be? That is the ques-
Y A J tlon. It is often hard to even
\/ ' V/ ; make a suggestion, especially
"^ ,when your ambition -calls 'per
haps for something you are sure
you cannot .be successful in undertaking.
Under. this title there are three things
to be considered.' V
What. you would like to be.
What you- can be .under the circum-
What you are fitted for.
A3 much as I would like. to follow this
vocation, if fate decrees it so, I. hope I'll
be content to live In any sphere God
wishes, knowing that whatever we ar*
we can still be good and true "and make
somebody, around us happy.
MOST girls and boys at goms tfr^t
In their childhood days dream of
the future and build air castles,
which, though very lovely than,
at some time In their life may
fall about their ears and vanish, never to
reappear. I have many, so many desires
that It would take a book to write them all.
Though I love traveling and painting, still
the wish nearest my heart is to help the
poor, the sick and the needy. To be a
nurse or ' philanthropist Is one of my
brightest dreams. 1 Miss Helen Gould Is
my ideal of the latter. Of course I have
not* the fortune to follow in her footsteps,
but I have the health and desire to b« a
good nurse, and tend the sick and dis
tressed. No matter where you go or how
poor you are there can -always be found
some one worse off than yourself. As the
Lord, said, f'The poor ye always have with
you."
My choice for being a ship architect
rather than the architect of a house or
other buildings ~ is because the city Is
overrun with the latter, while there are
comparatively few people i who draw the
plans of ships. I think also that' the oc
cupation which I so far have Intended
to take up is a quiet and refined business
for a woman. If I had any talent at all
in drawing or painting I would like to be
an artist, but as the only* drawing I can
do Is mechanical, the occupation of an
architect suits me. If I do take this up
the Lick School will be the best one for
me to go to after my days at the Den
'man are over. However, I will not think
too seriously over this subject as I am
only 12 years old.
LOUISE M. SCHINDELE,
Franklin School.
*¦! AVING not fully made up my mind
I \ as to what I shall become when
j I I am a woman, an answer to that
A J question will be difficult for me to
.•^-.'give. So far In my life 'my ambi
tions have Inclined toward being a ship
architect. The idea of taking up this oc
cupation was given to me by Lonsr
fellow's poem "The Building of the Ship,"*
which we had in the seventh grade as
literature work.-'. - f
I. should like the studies mentioned
above because: if I should ever get into
an argument over some past event In his
tory I should like 'to be able to talk on
the subject and at the same time use
proper • English.
-I should like also to take up a course
in shorthand and in time, become a
traveling reporter for some large firm.
In. such a position there is a chance for
improvement and the traveling would help
one to see and become familiar with other
places.'
In fact I should like to have knowledge
First of aU I should like to; have a good
education, especially in the line of his
tory and English. ¦ I think they are very
necessary to a girl when she grows older.
POME girls never give a thought to
what they* -would -like to be" in the
future. Now that I am compelled
to tell what I would like to be in
after years I will endeavor to try
and make myself understood.
If I were thrown upon my own resources
I should give instruction in either „ music
or art, whichever I -found myself best
qualified ' tofteach. If there should be no
opening in these lines I might, be. induced
to take up: stenography, as I regard it ; aa
a, lucrative , and agreeable ; employment,
especially for a young woman. My incli-
V-^-^Y _ HEN I am of age I hope I shall
i Y 1 have been graduated from High
. \/\y School.- Then I intend to go ta
. V ; r. a university or college for
young ¦ ladies. I woujdiike to
complete _an education in art and litera
,ture and finish my musical education in
Berlin. "I. hope I shall attain a thorough
knowledge of- housekeeping and" I : intend
to be a good domestic woman, kind and
hospitable to others. If ; I ever have a
home of my own, I should wish It to be
cultured and refined/, If I do J not, marry
•'I- shall :take care of my. parents as long
as -I live and -be- a dutiful and grateful
daughter. ; ;'Io-
' I thihiMt the duty of every woman' to
be a housewife, faithful and caretaking.
That is whv I choose this life. [.'-.._
ELLA BACHLE,
Franklin School.
ANITA LOOS,
Denman School.
X IBMA FTLCHEB..
¦:••„; ¦: Denman School.
MINNIE STOYEB,
Lincoln Grammar.
I . hope : to - be . able to -help every .one,
whether it is hard or easy.' If it is in my
power to help I will be very glad to 'do so.
and authoresses are the greatest of men
and women.
, It is hard to choose when one has no
special talent; there are so many, things
one can learn to be. ;
Maybe some day'I shall think of a story
and write it. Then my hopes will oe
realized.
• In the meantime I will not despair. ;
Continued From Page Seven.
¦ . . ./¦¦".,,.- ' - '- • : - - - " ' .\ / " C * ' *"- ."'' 5 -f •' <<£ -
nation, -however, is toward music and art,
and the harmony, beauty and elevating
influences which they convey. -
enough to be independent in after years
and be able to support my parents in
comfort when they are old.
,i Occasionally: to . devote some time to
"resting • the" feet is j essential if ,the shape
, is'tq be preserved. Remove the shoes and
" stockings and - lie : down, . face downward,
with a pillow j under, the insteps of- both
-feet, so -that every inch . of the breadth
Of the foot rests upon the pillow. When
this is done the foot is at ease. The mus-
' Persons are! apt, at the. moment of fall
ing asleep, : to let. the jaw drop slightly,
and the lines ofthemouth settle them
selves in heavy curves. .This is not nec
essary . and a ' little i watchfulness" at the
moment of losing consciousness will les-*
seii the tendency. . To prevent the dropping
of the 'jaw,' a cloth or handkerchief may
be bound about it and It may be very well
to try. this, a few^ times, until one acquires
the knack of. not dropping the jaw. '.
lished' some' years ago, -which gives some
valuable advice, so I have' been told. I
fi&ve never seen j the . book, but if we kept
our_ mouths shut all of our sleeping and
most of our waking hours colds . and dis
ease would not find us such easy victims,
lines 1 about our : mouths- would be more
conspicuous by their absence, and we
should -be altogether better* looking^ In
every .way. " ¦ . . -
Lying on the back, with the arms
thrown over the head, is the worst pos
sible position, weakness or disease of the
throat, ears and nose being. often brought
on by this wrong position. The pressure
of the palate against the back of the
throat hinders breathing; mucus and
other unwholesome substances collect In
Position in -resting Is all-Important. Lie
on the right side, with the right arm by
the side of the body; the left arm may
rest on the thigh; flex the limbs slightly,
and let no joint rest heavily upon another.
This is the position that insures the best
breathing capacity, circulates the blood to
the best advantage and more fully aiSs
digestion.
new, way Insomnia and nightmare will be
unknown, ', the sleep will be ."intellectual,"
because more profound, and the entire
nervous system will be ameliorated." One
of his converts is the Queen . of Servia.
She eschews the soft bed and down ¦ pil
lows and sleeps on a narrow divan, spread
with a hard, unyielding mattress, and
without the vestige of a pillow under her
head, but one under her feet. By this
method she hopes to preserve the best fig
ure and the most stately carriage in all
Europe's royalty.
'-.' Let me tell ¦ 'Beauty- how not to • go to
sleep when she is taking :her rest.; Le^t;
her take care that it. is not with'a frown
or discontented expression, for such will
be- apt ' to leave ; its Imprint during her
sleeping moments ¦ and contribute just .'so
much to permanent unbecoming lines. As
she finds herself sinking into the arms of
the drowsy god let ;her/ close her mouth
easily, allow* the; eyelids -to drop gentlyV
but - f ullyj over.; the; eyes/and just as she,
yields" t lverself :; to^hia-i Aoothing- embrace
summon fsbme} pleasant/thought that- shall
set ¦¦ the seal of peaceful content. upon, her.
face. Close thief mouth and -breathe
through the nostrils; '.this habit- can' be
acquired if one. isnot addicted' to it, un
less there'be' some, pronounced nasal im-'
pediment. "Shut . Your , Mouth" is the
rather startling, title. of a' little book pub-
the throat, and from' these two/injurious
conditions there : result many diseases of
the throat and respiratory organs, as well
as a' general weakening of them. Nor
should the^arms- be: folded on the chest,
as it'needs freedom from -weight.' To. He
with one hand under the cheek is as bad
a habit: as it is a common one, because it
wrinkles, and slightly numbs the* skin.
*«""V EST is a wonderful beautlfler.
I j Some one has whispered this in
jy Bella MoncriefTs ear, - and being
•** \ devoted to the care of her rose
leaf complexion and the preserva
tion of her beautiful figure, she takes a
twenty-minute rest every afternoon and
her family are told that even if the heav
ens show symptoms of falling her rest
is not to be disturbed.
Let us all follow her good example.
Let us decide that we cannot do every
thing in this life; we must give up some
things. We cannot acquire all the ac
complishments, all the languages, attend
all the receptions, theaters or lectures, sell
tickets for all the benefits, wait on all
the bazars. So we may as well resolve
to take our afternoon rest and "forty
winks" at all events and then do what we
can with the rest of the day. If we get
Thoroughly rested we will be surprised to
¦id how much we can accomplish in a
few hours. If we do not rest we will
wonder why we are so languid and why
everything goes wrong and why lines be
gin to creep into our faces.
» The rest cure car. be taken in a semi
reclining pose in an -easy chair; relax
every muscle; close the eyes and "invite
-- Never tsit down to table when you come
in from work, or a round of social duties,
dead tired. Lie down or sit down for ten
minutes first, or take a cup of tea, a little
It is necessary to be" well covered while
resting In a recumbent position, for this
reason: Nature takes the time when one
is lying down to give the heart a rest,
arid that organ consequently makes tec.
strokes less a minute' than when one is In
an" upright posture, j Multiplying- that by
thirty minutes, * say, it is three hundred
strokes. At- night, when -.about eight
hours are spent In lying down, the heart
is saved nearly five thousand strokes, and
as -the heart pumps six ounces of blood
with: each ; stroke, it lifts .thirty thousand
ounces less of blood s in ¦ a night * of 'eight
hours spent in bed than when one i3 in an
upright position. As the blood flows so
much more slowly through the veins while
one is lying'down, we must supply, then,
with extra coverings, the warmth usually
furnished by circulation. '-,--'
IMPORTANT DETAILS.
cles rest and strengthen, and. the beauti
ful arch of the instep is preserved. If it
is impossible to rest the feet in this way,
time failing us, s it Is a real rest and bene
fit to the feet, to change the stockings and
put oh shoes-Tor better still, slippers— with
an entirely different heel from those of
the shoes taken off, Neither higher or low
er, as the case may.be.
When one can slip off one's garments,
get into a lounging robe and slippers and
let down the hair, the position In which
cne can obtain the best results is natur
ally the recumbent one. But do not lie as
you have always done, with the pillow
uryJer your head. , This Is not the twen
tieth century way. Take the pillows from
under the head and put them under the
feet, because to obtain the best results
from rest and sleep the head must be on a
level or lower than the feet. We have
this message from France, and \t any
woman in the world knows how to pre
serve her beauty and conserve her nerve
force it is the French woman. The physi
cian who is responsible for this theory of
resting declares that if one sleeps in the
the soul," as one exhorts us. - Sleep may
or may not follow. It is not an easy
matter for, a woman who is not accus
tomed to sleep in the daytime to fall in
a. doze at will. Sleep should not exceed
ten or fifteen minutes, this being more re«
freshing than an hour or half -hour's slum
ber. To rest a tired brain place the hands
back of the head, slightly swaying the
head from side to side. Think of nothing;
this is absolutely imperative to attain the
best results from the afternoon rest.
"Worry, which is directly opposed to rest,
is a mortal enemy to beauty and charm
of manner; it is a wrinkle inducer and a
frown instigator; it clouds the eyes, makes
lines about the eyes and mouth and de
stroys repose and gentleness of manner.
What principally distinguishes & Chi
nese woman from an American Is her ut
ter freedom from nervousness. No matter
what — happens, she always remains
phlegmatic, and she can rest or sleep any
where, in any position and in any amount
of „ noise. The Chinese woman's face Is
therefore free from wrinkles, even to a
green old age.
When a woman has a few moments for
resting she usually takes up a book or a
bit of sewing. "I think I will sit down
and do this mending and rest. a while."
she says. But she only receives that In
direct help which comes from a change of
occupation. Taking a ten minutes' rest
in a horizontal position, as a change from
standing or sitting at work, will prove
more beneficial to her than any make
shifts at resting. A man is wiser; Inva
riably if he says, "I am going to rest a
while," he does rest, either by lying down
or sitting in one chair with his feet In
another, with hands attest.
beef tea or some hot milk, and wait un
til you can partake of the more solid meal
with the physical machinery a little rest
ed and refreshed. -.:>•;
/'¦ V"- ¦¦¦' s : ;
If You Would Recuperate When
Tired and Enjoy Complete
Relaxation Seek for Per
fect Repose and Not
When You Lie Down Your Heart
Makes Ten Strokes Less a^
Minute, Nerve Force 1 'Is
Conserved and Beauty
11
THE BEAUTY QUESTPORTER AND CLARKE'S SHAKESPEARE
STUDIES — MACBETH — By Charlotte Porter
and ' Helen A. Clarke. American Book Com
pany New York. 5O centa.
STORIES OF COUNTRY LIFi: — By Sarah
Powers Bradish. American Book Company,
New York. 40 cents.
OUTLINES OF BOTANY— By Robert Green
leaf Leavitt, A. M. American Book Company,
New York. ?1 CO. . " „
LATIN COMPOSITION — By Anna Cole Mel
lick, A. B. American Book Company. New
York. 40 cents. . ¦• "'¦'__ . '¦-'¦'
ESTABLISHING A NEWSPAPER— By O.
F. Byxbee. The Inland Printer Company. Cnl
° a cOMMERCIAL TRUSTS— By John R, Do*
Passos G. P. Putnam's Sons, Neir TorK.
HOW TO ATTRACT AND HOLD AN AUDI
ENCE — By J. Bere Esenwein, A. M., Lit u.
HI T n H 9 E & C^ b OR- SflStSbT&S, Z- A-tat*
son Norris. Funk i Wagnalls Company, Now
Y °X k 'FOOL's YEAR— By E.' H. Cooper. D.
AP p P H e !LIPPI C NE Gould
Schurman. . Charles Scribner's Sons, New
Y THB AMERICANIZATION OF '- THH
"WORLD— By W. T. Stead. Korace , Markley.
6 Vesey street. New York. $1 00.
Books Received.
"Out West."
Mr. Robert A. Thompson, well known
by his many - years' connection with, the
press" of the State, has been appointed
general manager of "Out West" for San
Francisco. "Out ; West,' 1 it .'will be re
membered, is the new name for; "The';
Land of Sunshine,", the magazine ; that
Charles F/Lummis. has' made so popular.
The February, number is a notable . one
in the good things that it • has to offer.;
An article of especial interest is one on
"Oranges 250 Years Ago," written by/ Mr.'.
Lufnmis.-: In this^the author shows 1 that .
the navel orange .instead :of* being a'dis
covery or invention of the last. few years
is really auite anold affair after all.
One . of the , new. departments of a this
magazine which has. grown; to be a force
In the West Is the. one to irri
gation, colonization and co-operation.
Among the special * features of this de
partment for February is a' timely st^ry
of "the - epoch-making work^ ; of the Caf)
fornia"'Water , and 'Forest -Association."
profusely - illustrated with portraits k£. ¦
prominent : men.'. The article contains thV) '
first full account of the new commission;
of which Chief Justice Beatty is the head,
for. the | preparation I of new : water laws.
The same number : contains the first pub
lic announcement .of • the .plans 'of/ the
California . Constructive 'League, - : a new
organization which proposes Vto. build the
State" by trying to get 1 the,political,par
ties to take up . progressive measures -of
constructive character; among them 1 pub-"
lie Irrigation .works, compulsory -, arbitra
.tion,- State ¦ purchase of large <- land hold
ings and- State encouragement •. of : co-op
eration among. producers. -. , . - : ¦• , ¦ ' :-"
Other important -' articles ¦ in the same ¦
department are ; "The Premier ; of .New,.
Zealand," with a> fine portrait of ;Hon.'
Richard J. Seddon (one of -'the first pub
lished In. this country),;and'"The.Govern
ment: as a Colonizing ; Agency,','- -with
views of- a I great • New Zealand • estate .
"before and after" *¦ state j purchase,' This
new department of , "The Twentieth'Cen
tury West,' 1 , conducted - William B.
Smythe, '•: has broadened •¦ the 'popular • in
. terest in , the - magazine ¦ immensely. VJi'jpfV'
.The San Francisco office of "Out West"
is 310 Pine street. -
barely three minutes, and what to a layman
seemed the direst pandemoniun and disorder
¦was the finest of discipline and the acme of
order. That men flew by dropping their shirts
from their backs as they ran, that orders came
thick and fast, and that men and officers
eeemed tumbling over one another was no cri
terion. That every gun was ready to shoot;
that fire had been started under four fresh
boilers; that every battle hatch had been low
ered; that even' water-tight compartment was
closed; that ammunition was ready for the re
loading of the guns; that the fire pumps were
on and the decks wet down, and that every
man of 600 was In the place assigned to him
for battle completes an indisputably wonderful
accomplishment. '
Turning eo as to fire her port battery, the
Brooklyn moved northeast toward the harbor
entrance, while the big battleships, somewhat
slower In their movements, pointed straight
In. * * * , • - -*
The Maria Teresa, the Viscaya. the Colon
and the Oquendo were now in plain view in
the order named, with the torpedo-boats Furor
«nd Pluton following.
As we keenly studied the ships through our
rlawes we saw what probably has not. been
witnessed since the days of the Armada shiDS
coming out for deadly battle, but dressed as
for a Tegal parade or a festal day. From
their shining black hulls, with huge golden
flrure-beade bearing the crest /and coat of
arms of Spain., to the tops of their masts
where fluttered proudly the immense silken
flat* bearing in the heaviest of gold bullion
the Spanish Insignia, which flittered bravely
in the morning sunlight, to the brightly col
ored awnings over their decks, they bespoke
luxury and chivalry and a proud defiance of
America's newer sea power. If death and de
feat were to come they would be met gal
lantly, grandly, the nation whose naval prow
«s» hat been eung in song and story never
seeking concealment by doffing a .single lota
of her pomp and pageant.
?». S ? < iu eal ?l we were start l<* by a realization
that the situation for the Brooklyn now seemed
desperate. The great 8 hlp was pointing and
nations. , (Published by the W."B.'-Conkey
Company, Chicago.)
That Girl Montana.
The heroine of ,','Th'at' Girl Montana.'Va '¦},
! novel by; Marah ! Ellis is ; a ' youiig ;
elrl who'^ has-been- compelled 't to live . a]
rough , life « among ¦ mining camps > in ".the V
; West. • She has been the companion of '
.her, father, a man whose career, has con- f %
. tained a'series crimes/ /Montana-, es--.
, capes - from i her father and falls .under ;
the : protection ; of kind .; people. She be
; comes wealthy; through the discovery of !
a gold miner . Afterward she : goes East :
REMINISCENCES OF WALT WHITMAN" ' V
; John- T. ! Trowbrldge
TWO TENDENCn^S UNT MODERN MUSIC
. v Daniel' G. Mascii
THE SECOND MAYORALTY ELECTION '
SS IN; GREATER NEW YORK. ........ ... '
. .» . Edward , : M. Shepar-l
FEBRUARY IN ENGLAND. .Edward Thomas
AUDREY. XXIX., XXX. .. ..'.Mary Johnston
LINCOLN'S RIVAL .-.William G. Brown
THE FAME OF. VICTOR HUGO.........', y
* ' • • : ¦¦•.¦'¦ George McL. Harper.
THE LITTLE COYOTE. . :...:... :Mary Austin
UNIVERSAL EMINENCE..... Alfred C. Lane
LET ME NO MORE A MENDICANT.;.. ;
¦"¦' • . ~r Arthur. Colton'
FORGETFULNESS.Anna Hempstead Branch
THE CHARM.... Josephine Preston Peabody.
9 WINTER DRE AMS.Frank Dempster Sherman '
THE CRYPT...... Martha Gilbert Dickinson
m A. FAREWELL.... Virginia Woodward Cloud
THE DICTIONARY OF NATIONAL BIOG- .
RAPHY- /.;................. FerriB Greenslet
BOOKS NEWVAND OLD— MINOR AND.
MAJOR VERSE .;.....: . 1 ... H. W. Boynto'n
;. . The Century.
IN THE CENTURY'S "YEAR OF AMER
•-.ICAN;HUMOR'.': "A Government of the
People" . ........ . . . ¦;.-. .:.... . J. W.' Piercy
FOUR NEGRO SONGS: I. "The' Possum .
V and the Coon"; =11. "Profession vs. Prac
¦' tice" ; III. "The •-. Stolen Melon',' ;• IV.-. - r
; "The Catflsh" ........ .....John C.McNeill
THE DON'T HURRY CLUB ..Albert B. Paine
AN: IRISH MOTHER ... . .;....: .Elene Foster
THE , BOOK AGENT. A Monologue. /. . . .'. ¦ J
' ¦¦ . ' ¦ . ¦ Beatrice iHerford
CHICAGO'S GREAT RIVER-HAUBOR. ..
'.-¦..- - • ¦•..•-•• -. Elliott Flower
THE SALON OF THE PRINCESS MA- .
THILDE :.:..:. Victor du Bled
POEMS OF THE. WEST: :- • ¦. - • ,
' ;By the Rivers of > Gold r.; Alfred 'A.' Wheeler
The Old Santa Fo Trail .... Richard Burton
Sierran • Lullaby ....... Marion W..Wildman
Sunset in. the Redwoods.. John Vance Cheney
¦A Whiff of Smoke.:...'. :."..'. Herbert Quick:
GILBERT 'i STUART'S " PORTRAITS , OF ,
MEN. - 1. George Washington .. ....'
. -,- ¦ ¦ - - ... . . , Charles H. Hart
A .VISIT TO MOUNT ,/VERNON |A CENT
\URY AGO: Conversations with'Washlng
ton i . . . . . . . . . .-.'¦; ..- . . . W.-- M. Kozlowski
A ': DESERT ROMANCE. . .Frederic Remington
THE SOLITARY .Florence .Wilkinson
EARBAROSSA Part V. . . . .: .Cyrus T. Brady'
CHARACTERISTIC • GLIMPSES OF I LIN
-COLN .....:.".. ,;.'....¦.•... ..Cicero T.v Sutton
THE BUILDING OF A» CATHEDRAL .*..;:
: ¦-:.-.-¦. -¦.-.' Roger Rlordan
THEUSES OF A CATHEDRAL.'. ...I....
, . .= Rt . Rev. Henry C. • Potter
BROWNING IN VENICE <::.:.....::.: .".".' i- ;t? ,'
:¦¦-'.,-. •¦ • . , ¦ ¦¦.'. ¦'.¦:¦ Katharine de | Kay ; Bronson
,THE BEND ; OF THE ROAD f . . '.. ........ - •
¦ •-. -f •¦ >. .. -.-•;¦; v • Grace Denio Litchfleld
LITTLE - STORIES i". .*....:. ¦ S. ; Weir.: Mitchell \
CAPTAIN ENGLAND. .. . . .Gouverneur Morris
THE RESCUE ¦...'...... : '..Anne D. Sedgwlck
"I- SHALL NOT. GO AS, OTHERS DO"..^:^
< s ..-.:¦_•-•:• i- Renneir Rodd
WHITE CITY AND CAPITAL CIT YC . : . \ ". Vt i&.
, . .... ¦ , ¦ Daniel H>Burnham
THE IMPROVEMENT OF, WASHINGTON :.
CITY ,.....:..........."'• ..'i Charles Moore
McClure's Magazine.
MARCONI' S GREAT 'ACHIEVEMENT . . . .. ¦¦ .
, .--,. -^ _, . , . . , -.. , ... .. Kay- S. \ Bakar
'THE LORD AND THE LADTS GLOVE.. . .
-, . ¦ ,. . :.. Alfred Olllvant
• RAPHAEL. .'.'.: ..... . . .' . .".John : La ; Farge
CLEVELAND .'. ........... .William A. White
ARDELI A IN ARCADY ...'.......-.:.. .-.V. -v :
«-, ... ,-•.¦ ..-- -. ¦. .... .-¦¦ Josephine :D. DaEkraan
DELMAR OF -PIMA. V. . . . . . .' . Hamlin Garland
THE VANQUISHED. .. . . .". :.- • .¦• .Paul Kester
THE PYGMIES . OF THE GREAT. CONGO ¦ 7 :
u r ; FOREST .'..'. ;..V.":; Sir Harry -H.J Johnston
ROBERT- E. / PEARY. AND .HIS. CAM-':" ;.
PAIGNS FOR. THE POLE.': Ray S.> Baker
: A : ( PATERNAL ( GOVERNMENT: . .... .V. : :• .. • . '
.' . : i ¦ ¦ : ;¦ .. Luella- Lathrop
THE ¦ FOREST ' RUNNER-^-Concluded.': . . . -
¦'-'•v.^-V.:-.-.- •-.-.T.-ti--.'-";- -r-,-- -. ¦ Stewart 'E.- "White
A GOOD DINNER ;. : > ... :.•;..: Slary 'S.' Cutting
DR. LIMAN ABBOTT... Hamilton W. Mable j
INCREASING- RAILROAD CONSOLIDA
TION.'... ....; M. G. Cunnlff
THE SUCCESSFUL PREVENTION OF .
STRIKES ........HUgh H. Lusk
MARCONI'S TRIUMPH...... .....George lies.
The International Monthly.
TRUSTS, 'TRADE-UNIONS," AND THE
' NATIONAL MINIMUM.... Sidney Webb
THE ARMENIAN, QUESTION AND EU- v
ROPE ..:... . ...... .Archag Tchobanian
TENDENCIES IN GERMAN LIFE AND -
THOUGHT SINCE 1870 (concluded)..... '
Georg Simmel
THE SEARCH FOR THE TRUE PLATO.
¦ ' . . " George Santayana
THE POETRY OF THE SOUTH.:.../... ,
Hamilton W. Mabie
THE EXPERIMENTAL METHOD OF
STUDYING ANIMAL INTELLIGENCE.
¦ Edward L. Thorndike
CHRONICLE OF THE MONTH .I.....:...:- . ;
' - • ' Joseph B. Bishop
Munsey's Magazine.
THE GRIEFS AND GLORIES OF GRET
• NA . ..-..'... :.:..:-.:....... -.Marian West
LOVE, 1 THE LIMNER: ..... . .Clinton Scollard .
THE STRONG. MEN, OF RUSSIA. ......... -
*¦' . . . '. Comtesse Mkrguerlte Casslni
.THE WOMAN-.WITHIN. 7. Thteodosla Garrison
THE: INSIDE OF AN AUTOMOBILE....
; ." ' i. ¦''--' - : Henri Fournier
THE NEXT CORNER........ .Guy W. Carryl
A CHEF AND HIS DEVELOPMENT. ......
¦ '¦ ; .'.'-. ' • ' - Pascal Grand
THE TRADE . OF. TRAIN ROBBERY. , . : . :*.
-••¦"' •¦'•'¦¦¦ ,/ .' Charles , Michelson
: LONDON'S CLUBLAND." . . . . . .Alfred Klnnear
AMERICAN WOMEN, IN. HUSBANDRY..
RSSFtffia'. > '<»W-£ "¦ --• ¦'¦ "'• Mrs. Wlnslow Woodrow
THE 'MUTILATED MONUMENT ........ vi "
. ¦ .- Dougla3 Story
COLLEGE DAYS OF THE PRESIDENTS ¦
Frank S. Arnett.
THE BARQUE OF DREAMS.'. Clinton Scollard
ONE OF THREE.-.. -..¦.Juliet Wilbor Tompkins
THE HOUSE OF PAIN :.: .Anna McClure Sholl
THE CIRCLET OF FLAME.. . .. . . . . . : . . .
¦ Francis W. Van' Praag
THE ILIAD OF THE SNOWS. ......... .-; . -< .¦
"¦¦'.." ' . ¦ Herman Whltaker
HERB OF GRACE .Elsa Earket
THE BRIDGE BUILDERS' TRIUMPHT. . -
Frank W. Skinner, C. E.
THE ' SHADOW OF THE LAW.
.'"•' 'J . -.. \ Ernest W.' Hornung
. Harper's Magazine. '
,THE DWELLINGS OF. PEACE. A Poem..
• ¦ ¦¦¦••¦¦ Henry -Van Dyke
THE STORY OF AMABEL AND AMOKOI&.
; By the writer of- "An '. Englishwoman's Love
¦"-Letters."-*" ¦ : ¦ . - .' -¦..¦' ,-• : ¦' — -. ¦ ¦
SIR ; ARTHUR SULLIVAN'S DIARY. . . :
' V -Arthur: Lawrence.
-FORETHOUGHT., A <Poem... ...........
' ¦ . ¦ - 'Josephine. P. -Peabody
BLANDINAH. A Story. .Mrs. -Henry 'Dudeney'
RAPALLO 'AND THE ITALIAN RIVIERA. .-
THE LOST "KIRK." A Story!/. . .'. . . f; f °, - °
' ¦ ' ¦ ; Herman : Whitaker
THE- FIRST MIRACLE. A Poem.."...
motorIcar impression^!^ ¦:?•• ' Lew1 ?.
TOE 'bF^FORGO^^ 011
.;.- THINGS r. . . .-.-.- . ;'...; . . . . .Edith M. Thomas
¦ '.'THE . DESERTED VILLAGE' ' ; V Com- >
--,. mented Upon ! by. . . ... . . .V.': Austin .< Dobson
;.THE DESERTED VILLAGE; Pictures by.. ;
1 ¦ • '. Edwin A.. Abbey, ;R' A
'"THE BETTER H ALF... Edward ¦ S.' Thatcher
ASK' OF THE " NIGHT. ", A ¦ Poem. : ..:.*.,
MAN AND THE UPPER ATMOSPHERE.! %
THE NIGHT BEAUTIFUL. A^Poemi -'?" rlng
A 1 BARRELED - dItECTI fvf^
,Tli°E^S^^^^ :^^a,n
' BELGIUM'S ART/CEUSADE^
. . • i Charles M""'-r' i< P'' v 'iif;on
THE LITTLEST SISTER. ...... .Eleanor Hoyt
THE WIND IN THE ROSEBUSH
Mary E. Wilklns
TANGLED UP IN BEULAH LAND......
. By anWut&or
A LASSO DUEL... William Bulfln (Che Buono)
ANARCHY. Cesare ' Lombroso
WILD-FOWL OF WILD-FOWL ;.;.
Herbert K. Job
FOOL'S GOLD........ .... Marion Hill
TRAVELING ONE HUNDRED AND TEN
MILES AN HOUR.....:
F. B. Behr and Arthur C. Johnson
BELSHAZZAR... ¦...-.-.. . .William S. Davis
EPITAPH.... Fullerton L. Waldo
THE TEMERITY OF THEODORE
. John Tompkina
..The New Lippincott. /
THE STANDINGS: John Strange Winter
EPITAPH. Clarence Urmy
LINCOLN'S OFFICIAL HABIT.Leslle J. Perry
IN WINTER...... .Francis S. Palmer
BLIND CHILDREN , ..I Zanswill
THE ABRACADABRA AFFAIR...."
Percy W. Hart
AT WINTER'S END... .....Cale Young. Ric-
FOETHK HONOR OF, HIS WIFE
¦ Charles H. Caffin
AT OCAHD ..Louise DrtscoU
MUSIC OF SHAKESPEARE'S TIME .
¦ • Sidney Lanler
A DARK NIGHT'S RIDE Owen Hall
MLLE. FOUCHETTE— A Creation.
¦"•¦".I-". Vv Country Life.
TREES AT LEISURE.. ..Anna. B. Com»tock
THI2 CUCKOO John Burroughs
A GLIMPSE OF SKIBO CASTLE
'Vw'-SJtV.'JU^ ''" : A Scotch Country Editor
AT PEACE ..Robert Loveman
A SNIFF AT OLD GARDENS......
THE TREES Clinton SroUard
TWO 'POSSUMS AND SEVERAL • MI3-
TAKES .'A. Radclyffe Dugraore
THE VIRGINIA OPOSSUM. .C. Hart.Merrlam
AN EXPERIENCE WITH THE SOIL....
James J. Allen
HOW TO MAKE A GARDEN V.I. D Bennett
THE POPPYWORTS ...... Joseph Bum Davy
THE FIRST LADIES' KENNEL ASSO
: CIATIONDOG SHOW.. ....Elizabeth Lewis
PERSONS WHO HAVE IMPROVED THE
COUNTRY ..........:.. ...Thomas Meehan
The Smart Set.
THE FLASH OF AN i EMERALD. .....
" Ethel W. .Mumford
THE BIRTH OF MUSIC. .. . . . . .Bliss Carman
THE; ADVENT OF MARY EMMA... .....
MOONRISE OVER EGYPT ... i: \ Marvin"* Dana
BACK; INTO THE FOLD..... :Gelett Burgw
A DRAMA IN A DINING ROOM. Edgar Saltna
A NEGLECTED TRIBUTE ..J H. Greene
COURTSHIP; BY CORRESPONDENCE. . . •
Hilda C. Hammond-Spencer
"WHEN WE ARE MARRIED"... ...... 1
: Justus M. Forman
THE JOURNEY'S END. . ..McCrea Pickering
MRS. MARSDEN'S DIVORCE PARTY...
-•-•..• Edward S. Van ZH«
FROM LOVE'S BOOK.... Elsa Barkir
MODESTY .......;............. Felix Carmen
ORMSBY' S STUPIDITY ... . Charles S. Wayna
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER"...........
Alfred H. Lewis
AT . COLUMBINE" S WINDOW ..:.........,
'.Theodosia' Garrison
A TOAST. .Nora .E. Barnhar*
YOSHIDA TONE, LOVER.. . .Onotr. Watanna
THE LITTLE. GIRL IN CAMPANIA :...
¦ . . Gerald Livingstone
UN AMOUR D'ENFANT. .... .Andre Theuriet
','BESPOKE" . . . . .Mary S. Holbrook
Frank • Leslie's Popular \ Monthly.
; THE : SECRET. .. 1 ........ .Frank D. . Sherman
THE '¦ CITY 1 S EDGE. . . .......... ..Carl Hovey
THE CICADA. . . :..... . . . .'. . . A. Hyatt Verrill
.CHILDREN OF: DEATH...... W. B.,MacIIard
"THE MANOEUVRES OF -MARIAN. .:...
¦'¦ , -A . Janet A. Fairbank
..THE POT OF PAINT....... ;Onoto Watanna
OUR INLAND FLEET... W. D. Hulbert
HOW. ARNOLD WAS ALMOST CAP
¦ ¦¦¦TCIiED ..........;..:.. Noiman Hapgood
Although the- book been written
with the intention of giving to Admiral
Schlc-y an appropriate meed of praise for
the part he played in bringing about the
destruction of the Spanish - fleet, it is
much more than a mere eulogy of his
, abilities. It Is also an exceedingly well
told 6tory of one of the two great naval
battles of the Spanish. war, which have
done so much to enhance. the glory of the
American people in the < eyes of foreign
Mr. Graham devotes a chapter of his
book to Instances of splendid heroism
which he noticed among , the American
seamen while the battle was In progress.
A description of the ships of the Spanish
squadron and of their condition after the
battle Is given, together with brief notices
of some of the principal naval <" officers
among the Spanish. , Two - chapters are
given up -to a quotation of Admiral
Fchley's own account of* the battle of
Santiago. ' . ~
I feel that I ought to devote a chapter to
Schley's personality during battle. * • • He
stood there on the little temporary; footboard
placed for Just this purpose on . the outside of
the conning, tower, the same erect, energetic
figure that years before on ., the lookout box
on the mast of an American cruiser, gazed
across ice fields and ordered • the ship pushed
through them to rescue Hhe starving Greely
and his party from the death that would have
come to them In forty-eight hours but for this
man's indomitable will. . •, • • I shall never
forget him during those moments; he was all
life, activity and nerve. He noticed the most
trivial things. » • • He was the inspiration
of every man forward. Some small 14-year-old
beys.- apprentices, who were acting as messen
gers, had at first shown signs either of appre
hension or of 'great excitement; but, as the
commodore told them calmly to take messages
and walked coolly around this wooden plat
form with the shells flying close to him and
shrieking over his head and in the deafening
noise of his own ship's {runs, even the young
sters took heart from his example." After de
scribing the battle and vita termination the au
thor continues: "It was then I noticed for
the first time under what a strain this man
had been. His lips were ' cracked and little
flecks of blood showed where the saltpeter
from ; the gun smoke had affected him. His
eyelids , were red from staring through his
glasses 6O continuously, his eyes i were blood-
Ehot and there were dark lines down his . face.
But his hands were steady, his voice was even
though somewhat hoarse from the loud speak
ing which he was compelled to do to be heard
above the- roar of battle,, and it seemed as
though every instant he was thinking of ail
those who had helped him in that day's vic
tory. * -- • - ¦ ¦ '
And then, as the smoke blew away a little
more, we saw, following up the Oregon, the
Texas, the poor old "hoodoo of the navy," but
which this day was to disprove her maligners,
and, next to the Brooklyn and the Oregon, do
more than any of the other ships ' to destroy
the Spanish fleet.
Mr. Graham pays a glowing tribute to
the bravery displayed by Schley and all
the other Americans whom he noticed
during the battle., Schley Mr... Graham
considers the ideal -naval commander, a
man in whom are united quickness of
perception, surety of judgment, a fixed
self-reliance and an absolute fearless
ness. During the long strain of watching
for the Spanish ships Mr. Graham says
that Schley displayed the same splendid
qualities which were shown so conspicu
ously during the engagement with the
Spanish fleet. Of Schley's appearance on
that day Mr. Graham says:
Turning on her heel in a short circle moved
the Brooklyn, her port side a perfect mass of
flame and smoke, as the six eight-inch, six
flve-lnch and eight six-pounders belched forth
the deadly shot. Then 'as she swung . toward
the four Spanish ships her • starboard battery
opened and the din was terrific. *. • • , The
Brooklyn had described a perfect clrcl*, and,'
although under a deluge of shot and shell,
practically uninjured, pointed west and began
her famous fight. • • • As , we got fully
around we were pointing to the west, almost
side by side with the Maria Teresa, the Colon
inside of her, the Viscaya just behind the
Spanish flagship and the Oquendo last of all,
starting to burn and evidently In -trouble.
Looking back we saw, instead of what we ex
pected to see, our own ships in fighting array,
simply a heavy pall of smoke, and not an
American ship in view. Schley , turned around
and grimly, said to Captain Cook: "Well,
Cook, we'll have to stay alone with this
crowd." But just then out from the Airtain of
smoke there came a mighty foam-crested wave,
and after it a- flash of immense brilliancy, fol
lowed by the roar which spoke from a thirteen
inch gun. It was the Oregon, and. as our men
and officers saw it they yelled with delight.
Over her low freeboard broke the surging
waters that she pushed aside in her mighty
race, and they dashed up against her great
steel turret, under the mouths of the big thir
teen-inch guns that were hurling death and
defiance at the enemy. She was coming to
help the Brooklyn in her terribly unequal strug
gle with these four great Spanish cruisers,
and every shot that she was firing seemed to
be taking effect.
moving directly toward the Spanish ships com
ing out of the west. Every inclination, had a
decision been made suddenly, was to turn in
the same direction, to the west, to head i them '
off. But had this inclination been followed
the Brooklyn's starboard side would have been
no placed . that any one of the Spanish < fleet
would have been able to ram and sink I her,
with the same fatal result. •..• •
The North. American Beview.
CONDITIONS THAT DISCOURAGE SCI
ENTIFIC WORK IN. AMERICA
Professor Simon Newcomb
HOW CIVIL GOVERNMENT WAS ES
TABLISHED IN PORTO RICO
Charles H. Allen
THE CONFERENCE FOR INDUSTRIAL
PEACE........ ..Oscar 3. Strauss
LAUNCHING A BATTLESHIP FROM
THE CONGRESSIONAL WAYS
W. McAdoo
THE PROPOSED PAN-AMERICAN
'UNION..'..... Prince A. de Yturblde
IVAN TURGENEV Charles Whlbley
AMERICAN TRAVELERS AND THE
TREASURY DEPARTMENT ........
F. W. Whltrldse
THE OLIGARCHY OF THE SENATE
Maurice Low
GOVERNMENT CONSTRUCTION OF
RESERVOIRS IN ARID REGIONS...
Lieut. Col. H. M. Chittenden. U. S. A.
"WAGNER MINNA AND COSIM A. ..;...
Gustav Kobbe
WHY NOT OWN THE PANAMA ISTH
MUS? F. C. Penfleld
THE MILITIA FORCE OF THE5 UNITED
STATES. J. I>. Whelpley
NATIONAL DEBTS OF THE WORLE> —
VI. THE NATIONAL DEBT OF
JAPAN Yasu Fumi Sawakl
The Bookman.
chronicle And comment,
the ballade of incapacity
Austin Dobson
SHAKESPEARE'S VENICE.... L. D. Ventura
IN THE CAMP OF THE ENEMY
Roselle Mercler
THE GREAT NEWSPAPERS OF THE
UNITED STATES
¦ Hutchtns Hapgood and Arthur B. Maurice
SIX BCOKS OF SOME IMPORTANCE...
HIKC ILLAE LACHRYMAE.. 1. Zangwili
BOSTON IN FICTION Frances W. Carruth
BALZAC AND MME. HANSKA
Spoelberch de Louvenjoul
THE PERSONAL BALZAC. .Arthur Hornblow
ARTISTIC. LITERARY AND BOHEMIAN
LONDON LX THE SEVENTIES
¦ J. Henry Hasrer
A DEBATED CHARM— (The Stevenson
- Henley Affair) Frank Moore Colby
DR\MA OF THE MONTH. ..Norman Hapgood
HERE AND THERE H. T. P.
"William H. Johnson
THE GREAT REVIEWS OF THE WORLD.
Th. Bentzon
WINSTON CHURCHILL. . .Won. W. Whitelock
THE DRAMA J. Ranken Towse
A PERSONAL REVIEW OF "THE BEN
EFACTRESS" Elizabeth von Heyking
NOVELS OF REAL INTEREST.
MR. LANG'S SIDE GLANCE AT TEN
NYSON A. I. du P. Coleman
"POETS OF THE YOUNGER GENERA
TION" Edith M. Thomas
MRS. ARTHUR BRONSON Henry James
BOOKS OF TO-DAY AND BOOKS OF TO
MORROW "Arthur Pendenys"
TYPHOON — Chapters I., IL, III., IV ..
. ; ..¦:-•: Joseph Conrad
THE BOOK-BUYERS' GUIDE.
LIBRARY REPORTS ON POPULAR BOOKS.
The Critic.
THE LOUNGER.
THE LATE WILLIAM- ELLERY CHAN
NING Annie R. Marble
INTERFERENCES WITH THE REAPING
HABIT. Gerald S. Lee
JAMES RUSSELL LOWEL
TOPICS.
LESLIE MORTIMER SHAW. Johnson Brig-ham
A NEW REPUBLIC AND ITS PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT BUTLER OF COLUMBIA.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY ANDSIGNOR
MARCONI'S TRIUMPH ..Carl Snyder 4
OKLAHOMA AND THE INDIAN TERRI
TORY AS THEY ARE TO-DAY
Charles Moreau Harger ?
THE TURKISH SITUATION
One Born In Turkey
THE TREATMENT OF ANARCHISM
, - Henry Holt
A GRAIN-EITYERS* TRUST: HOW KAN
SAS FARMERS ARE MEETING IT
C. H. Matson
CO-OPERATIVE TELEPHONE SERVICE:
A LOCAL EXPERIMENT IN WISCONSIN.
LEADING ARTICLES OF THE MONTH.
THE PERIODICALS REVIEWED.
THE NEW BOOKS,
INDEX TO PERIODICALS.
The American Monthly Keview of
Reviews.
THK PROGRESS OF THE WORLD.
RECORDS' OF CURRENT EVENTS.
SOME CARTOONS ON INTERNATIONAL
The Atlantic Monthly.
THREE. '"MONTHS ' OF •¦ PRESIDENT '
• - ROOSEVELT. .......... .... Henry L; Nelson
ONLY AN EPISODE.' Part I. .*...... ......
- -¦ . . Eugenia B. Frothlngham
WHO FELL tFROM ALOFT ?..Geo.S. Wasaon
¦ .- ; '' ' ' ¦¦¦ ! '- .*' y*\- :
ranged around the eides of the quarterdeck
for inspection, became a tumbling, scrambling
heap of enthusiasts, ready for the fray. • • - •
Here we were In action. . From the time of
Lieutenant Hodgson's announcement .to the
time of the boom of the Brooklyn's guns was
tenant Commander Mason' e strident tones
called, as he himself rushed toward the for
ward deck, "Clear ship for action!" and the
clanging belle notified those below of the sum
mons to battle, while the orderly mass of men.
aNDER the title, "Sehley arid San
tiago," George Edward Graham
has written an account of the
cruise of the flying squadron,
and of the discovery and final
.destruction of the Spanish fleet at San
tiago on July 3, 1S9S. During the . cam
paign against Cervera's fleet Mr. Graham
was an eyewitness of the events of
which he writes. He was on board the
cruiser Brooklyn during the five months
the campaign lasted- Mr. Graham was
the special representative of the Associ
a-ted Press, and had gained permission
from Secretary Long and Commodore
Schley to accompany the squadron. Mr.
Graham was given every opportunity to
observe all that went on from the be
ginning of the cruise until after the bat
tle of Santiago. What he saw Is de
scribed in a graphic way which invests
even well known facts with fresh inter
est. The book is illustrated with a large
number of photographs which were taken
during the cruise and the battle. Ad
miral Schley Indorses the book, as an ac
curate account cf the movements of the
squadron.
A brief history of Schley' s life up to
the time of the Spanish war opens the
book. v
This is followed by a description of the
formation of the flying squadron, and
its search for the Spanish fleet which
was on its way from Spain to Cuba.
The main portion of the book Is devoted
to the movements of the squadron after
it had reached Santiago and had discov
ered there the fleet whose location had
been the cause of so much anxiety to the
Americans. In detail are described the
blockade of the Spanish ships, the bom
bardment of the forts at Santiago, and
the final destruction of the enemy's fleet..
Hobson's splendid achievement in sinking
the Merrimac comes in for a deserved
share of enthusiastic praise.
In the naval battle of July 3 Mr. Gra
ham was 16 an exceptionally good posi
tion for noting all of the most important
events of the battle. The Brooklyn was
at the extreme west of the cordon of
ships which had been drawn about the
outlet of the harbor in which the Span
ish ships lay. When the Spaniards at
tempted to escape they pursued a wester
ly course, which took them past the
Brooklyn. This cruiser, as will be re
membered, was in the thick of the fight
from beginning to end. As Mr. Graham
was in an exposed position on this ship,
from which he could see all that was
transpiring, and as his attention was de
voted wholly to noting the movements of
the two fleets, he is exceptionally well
qualified to tell the story of the battle.
Ail those who love to listen to the tale
of a battle fought with conspicuous brav
ery on both sides will feel many a thrill
in reading Mr. Graham's description of
the naval fight at Santiago. It will be
worth while to quote the account of the
beginning of the fight. The Americans, it
will be remembered, had discovered the
presence of the Spanish ships In San
tiago harbor on the 2Sth of May. From
that day until July 2 the Americans saw
no signs that would lead them to suppose
that the enemy would try to run the
blockade. But on the afternoon of July
•1 columns of smoke were seen to rise in
Santiago harbor. The Americans sup
posed this to mean that the enemy were
preparing to move their fleet. A strict
watch was kept of the harbor, but noth
ing happened during the night. It was
upon the quiet of Sunday morning, July
3, that there fell the news of the ap
proach of the enemy's ships. To quote
Mr. Graham:
"After bridge, there! Report to the commo
dore and the captain that the enemy's ships
are coining out." It was the stentorian voice
of Navigator HodgEon calling through the
megaphone from the forward bridge to the
signal officer on the after bridge. There was
no need for the after bridge to repeat it. For
an instant it had turned everybody Into living
etatues. but only for an instant. Then Oeu-
Conducted by
3- G. I*stry op.
THE GARDEN PIjOT. ....... Clinton Scollard
THE REFORMER J. Georjre Frederick
THE CURSE OF POSIT ANO Robert Barr
THE FOND ADVENTURE. . .Maurice Hewlett
A FRAGMENT . .. William Carters
SOME LONDON ACTOR-MANAGERS...
Horace Wyndham
Success.
SUBMARINE BOATS WILL ALTER NA
VAL WARFARE. . Lewis Nixon
THE CREDIT MAN'S STORY. V*
Frank H. Spearman
DURING ONE WEEK OF LINCOLN'S
LIFE PRESENCE OF MIND AND
COURAGE MEANT MORB THAN AN
ARMY Galusha A. Grow
THE SOUTH IS ASTIR TO IMPROVE
HER SCHOOLS Charles D. Me Iver
TRAINING FOR THE DUTIES OF HOME
LIFE Mary A. Livermore
.THE HOUSE WHEKE LINCOLN DIEIX.
Robert Mackay
MACHINE TOOLS THAT SEEM TO
HAVE HUMAN INSTINCT
Frank His Fayant
AMERICAN RULE" IS GIVING CUBA
NEW LIFE Emillo Nunea
AS A MAN THINKETH SO 13 HE
Estelle Duclo
A CRIPPLE WHOSE ENERGY GIVES
INSPIRATION .Theodore Dreiser
HABITS THAT MAKE MEN AND WO
MEN BOOMERANG TARGETS
Ella Wheeler Wilcox
BUSINESS VERSUS THE • LARGER
LIFE Edwin Markham
THE MAKING OF AN ORATOR
- J. Lincoln Brooks
DON'T MAKE YOUR MIND IN A GAR
RET..: Cvnthla W. Alden
WHAT MUSICIAN WILL WIN SUC
CESS? Jan Kubelik
GOOD TEMPER IN MARRIED LIFE
¦¦ur^-e-e Angela Bedford
GASTRONOMIC MORALITY
. Christine Payson Terhun<»
WITH A WRITER LIFE IS ALWAYS AT
THE BEGINNING JamfS L. Allen
TO GIRLS WHO WISH TO BECOME
OPERATIC STARS... Lllll Lehmam
to some relatives of her . mother. These
; people try to persuade her., to', live , the
life < of fashion in which they : find \ happi
ness^'But such a life does not suit Mon
tana,;' and ¦- eventually . she returns . to , the
West, : , to find there happiness : In the I af
fection of a man who has long loved. her.
;While;the novel is by. no -means! of, great
worth it will please those who like a story
with'plenty of, action in it. ( Published by
Rand, McNally& Co., Chicago. and New
- . . • An Arithmetic. .
. "Graded Work In' Arithmetic," Seventh
Year:(by: S. W." Baird) ,• is issued by. the
American Book Company, New ;York. . It
is the latest; edition of the series,, which
will contain t eight volumes for; the^firi:
eight years in-, arithmetic. This volume
begins, with ; a > thorough review of the
work of the preceding; years, accompanied
by applications to more difficult problems,
exemplifying, the principles' already/ de
veloped. The new subjects introduced <n.
this book are duties or customs, commer
cial forms, bank discount, exchange and:
simple and , compound proportion. (Price
25 , cents.)-. : . ; i:
THE MAGAZINES;
The World's Work.
THE MARCH OF EVENTS/ An lllua- -
' .trated' Editorial Interpretation..* ¦
THE . ISLANDERS . . . . . .'. . . . Rudyard Kipling
A NEWSPAPER WITH MANY FUNC
- ' - TIONS ¦ Bernard Meiklejohn
THE BIG TREES OF CALIFORNIA......
¦• .,.-. ; ¦¦ ¦ ' • - : : ; ; Richard T. Fisher'
THE BEST GOVERNED CITY , IN THE
v v WORLD... .A -Practical Municipal Officer :
THE FRONTIER GONE AT LAST.....:.
. ¦ •; « ' • . Frank Norroa
AGRICULTURE UNDER CLOTH. ........
¦ ¦¦¦:¦¦: : ¦ " Arthur Goodrich i
PLAIN- WORDS ON, TEACHERS"* WAGES '
. . , . • - ; , William McAndrew ,
A.GAUCHO'S DAY'S WORK. .William Bulfln.*
A GREAT AMERICAN OLIVE BRANCH..
/,'¦--- ;: ••; -¦'.. Helen L-jkens Jones .'
CARRYING" THE. MAIL ; ; FARTHEST - -
-.. ¦ " NORTH. '. ... .. ... . '. . . . .Francis H. s Campbell
THE ¦ GROWTH OF OUR ¦ NATIONAL
i FEELING ...... Captain Al f r*d T. Mahan
AN APRIL ICE JAM ......... . Judsoa Gr«naU .
IN A STATE OF SIN. . A Story.. Owen WUter
TRADE-CLOUDS* A Poem.... Ed Ward Barron
CAPTAIN JOHN SMITH AND . THE
'AMERICAN NATION .'. ..'.
{Catherine • Pearson Woods
POSE AND POINT OP VIEW
Katherine Collins
TRANSITION. A Poem Florence E. Coates
MISERY AND COMPANY. A Story...... .
. /W. Cloud
STRONG " POINTS OF INFANCY. ......
¦.''¦¦¦• ¦ Edward S. Martin
LOPHO, THE QUAIL. ...Barton W. Evermann
BOBBY UNWELCOME... ...Annie H. DonneU
THE SUCCKSSORS OF THE TELE
PHONE • ....Waldon Fawcett
OPPORTUNITY. A Poem ..,
Jeannette B. Glllespy
Everybody's Magazine.
THE LIFE OF THE DEEP SEA. -
C. . H. Townsend
THREE AGES : < THREE OKACES •-, -v\
. . Alfred Olllvant
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHAT
{, A Book J
For Mothers j
The Baby
I His Care and Treatment |
I Fully illustrated. 1
£ A valuable aid in the nursery I
| — complete and authoritative 1
| —recommended by physicians i
I Price $L00, net. A descrip- I
| live circvlar sent on reqvesL I
i . B
I Elder andShcpard I
I 238 POST STREET. I
. ? NOW ISSUED.
Chtrles Warren Stoddapd's
"In the Footprints
of Ihe Padres."
¦ -.Mr. StoddarJ sets forth in this
work his recollections of early
days in California. Beautifully
illustrated. Book collectors
should place orders at once in or-
der to secure "copies of first edi-
tion.
PRICE SlnO NET.
A.M. RO ERTSON,
Pobi*hc*r. 2ft Poat Street.
• & mam - O hAssumed for a time by the traders
And then transferred to our backs.
We had some hard knocks on the Klondike
• From the cub-lion"s unpadded paws, • .'._ .
And suffered some shocks from high licena*
' And other Immutable laws;
But they robbed us by regular schedule,
So we knew just what to expect,
While at Nome we're scheduled to struggl*
Until we're financially wrecked.
I'm sick of the scream of the Eagla
And laws of dishonest design.
And I'm going in quest of a country
Where a miner can locate a mine;
So when I have rustled an outfit
These places. will know me no more.
For I'll try my luck with the Russians
On the bleak Siberian shore.
. Mr. Dunham's most ambitious attempt
at verse is embodied- in the poem from
which the book takes Its name,- "The
Goldsmith of Nome." Lack of space for
bids : the quotations of more than one
stanza:
I am resting by my anvil.
And: my forge is. growing cold:
I have ceased my age-lous labors.
¦ - I have beaten out my gold;
I Save scattered wide my treasures
On the superficial sands,
Where they lie unlocked and wait ing
i ¦ For the work oi human handa. ,
WOLFVILLE STORIES
got so as to redooce the chances of hang
'n' you— the same bein' some abundant,
.lacheral— to a minimum. Now, who be
you? Also* what's your little game?*
" 'My name's Benjamin Glegg.' responds
old Glegg. 'I owns the Sunflower brand
an' ranch. As for my game: tharsr «
member of my farn'ly escapes this morn
in—comes stampedin' over yere. I om'.er
stands—an' I'm in the saddle tryiii* to
round her up. Gents,' coneloods old
Glegg, an' he displays emotion. 'I'm sim
ply a harassed parent on the trail of hi3
errant offspring.'
4 Then Enright makes old Glegrg a long,
soft talk, an' seeks to imboo him with
ca'mness. He relates how Abby an' the
pinfeather sport dotes on each other; ah'
counsels old Glegg not to go pestcrin' in
with roode objections to the weddin'. •
" 4 Which I says this as your friend,' re
marks Enright.
". 'It's as the Scripter says,' replies old
Glegg, who's mollified a. lot, 'It's as the
Good Book says: A soft answer turneth
away wrath. More speshully when the
opp'sition's got yonr guns. I begin to see
things different. Still. I hates to lose my
Abby that a-way. Since my old woman
dies, Abby, gents, has been the world an'
all to me.*
" Is your wife dead?* asks Enright, like
he sympathizes.
" 'Shore!* says old Glegg. 'Been out an'
gone these two years. She's with them
cherublm'ln glory. But folks, you oughter
seen her to onderstand my loss. Five
years ago we has a ranch over back of
the Tres Hermanas by the Mexico line.
The Injuns used to go lopin' by our ranch,
no'th an' south, all the time. You-all re-
calls when they pays twenty-five dollars
for skelps in Tucson? My wife's that
thrifty them days, she buys all her own
an' my child Abby's clothes with the In
juns she pots. Little Abby used to scout
for her maw. "Yere comes another!" lit
tle Abby would cry, as she stampedes up
all breathless. With that, my wife would
take her hands outen the washtnb, snag
onto that savage with her little old Win
chester, and quit winner twenty-flve dol
lars right thar.'
" Which I don't marvel you-all mourns
her loss,' says Enright consolin'ly.
" She's shorely— Missis Glegg is—' says
old Glegg. shaking his grizzly head; 'she's
shore the most meteoric married lady of
which hlst'ry says a word. My girl
Abby's. like her.*
" 'But whatever's your objection,*
irgues Enright, 'to this young an* trusty
>:port who's so eage» to wed Abby?'
" 'I objects to him because he gambles,'
says old Glegg. 'I can tell he gambles by
him pickin* up the salt cellar between his
thumb an' middle finger, with the fore
finger over the top, like it's a stack ot
chips one even* when he stays to supper
an* I asks him to "pass the salt." Then
ag'in, he don't drink; he tells me so him
se'f one time when I invites him to libate.
I ain't goin' to have no teetotal son-in
law around, overpowerin' me in a moral
way; I'd feel criticized an* 1 couldn't
stand it, gents. ¦ Lastly, I don't like this
yere felon's name none.'
" 'Whatever is his name, then?' asks
Enright. 'So far, he don't confide no title
to US'.'
" 'Which I don't wonder none,!' says Old
Glegg. 'It shows he's decent enough to
be ashamed. Thar's hopes of him yet.
Gents, his 1 name's Toad Allen. "Allen"
goes, but, gents, I bars "Toad."', Do you
all blame me? I asks you, as onbiased
sports, would you set ca'mly down while
a party named "Toad" puts himse'f In
nom'nation to "be your son-in-law?'
" 4 None whatever!' says Jack Itoore;
an' Dan an' Cherokee an' Texas echoes
the remark.
" camp down yere with a tum
bler of Valley Tan,' says Enright, 'an'
make yourse'f comfortable with my col
leagues, while I goes an' confers with
our Gretna Green outfit in the r'ar
room.'
"Enright returns after a bit, an' his
face has that air of se'f-satisfaction that
goes with a gent who's playin' on vel
vet. ' r
44 'Tour comin* son-in-law,* says Enright
to old Glegg, 'defends himse'f from them
charges as follows: He agrees to quit
gamblln'; he says he lies a whole lot when
he tells you-all he don't drink none; an"
lastly, 'deplorin' "Toad" as a cognomen,
an' explainin' that he don't assoome it of
choice, but sort o r has it forced on him In
his he'pless infancy, he offers— you con-'
sentin' to the weddln'— to reorganize his
play onder the name of "feenjamin Glegg
Allen."
"Son, this" yere last proposal nacherally
wins over old Glegg in a body. He not
only withdraws all objections to them
nuptials, but allows he'll make the piq
feather ¦ sport an" Abby full partners In
the Sunflower brand. At this p'int, En
right notifies the preacher sharp that all
depends on him; an' that excellent gent
at once acquits hlmse'f so that in two
minutes Wolfville adds another success
ful weddin' to Its list of triumphs.
. •• 'It 'Iustrates, , too,' says Enright,
when two days later that weddln' party
has returned to Tucson, an' Wolfville
ag'in sinks to its normal state of slum
brous ease, "it sort o*. , 'lustratea how
open " to arguments a gent is when once
he'Sjlost his guns. Which is he isn't dis
armed that time, my eloquence wouldn't
have no more softenln' effect on old Glegs
than thro win* water on a drowned rat.' "
Toad Afien'5 ETpperrfenfc
" "Which she looks like a sick cat In the
face, an' & greyhoun*. In the waist,' says
Missis Rucker; an* I ain't got any mortal ;
use for no sech splndlln' trollops as this
yere Abby girl Is, nohow.' '
" "I don't know,' says Enright, shakin'
his head; 'I ain't grot much practical ex
perience with women to guide by; but I
reckons now it's love that does it. Who
ever is that gent, Peets, who says "Love
is blind?" He knows his business, that,
sport does, an* just about calls the turn.'
" M ain't none so shore neither," says
Peets. 'Love may be blind, but somehow,
I don't sign up the play that way. Thar's
plenty of people, same as this pinfeather
party, "who discerns beauties in their
swesthearts that's veiled to. you an' me.'
"Of course, these yere discussions con
cernin" Abby's charms takes place weeks
later. On the weddin'.'day Wolfvllle's too
busy trackin' 'round an' "backiri*
Abby's an' the pinfeather party's
game to go makin' remarks. In
this yere connection, however, it's
only jestice to Abby to say that her
pinfeather beau don't share Missis Rttck-'
er's views. Although Abby done threat- .
eiis him with a gun-play to make him
lead her to the altar that time her old
paw creases him, an' he begins to wax
iow-sperited about wedlock— like he re
lates to Enright ' former— still, the pin
ftather party's enamored a Abby an* ,
plump wropped up In her.
" 'Shore!' says this pinfeather party to
Texas Thompson, who, outen pure sym
pathy for him, takes the bridegroom over
to the Red Light to be refreshed. 'Shore!
While thar's no one that egreegrious to
go elaimln' that my Abby's doo to grade
'as "cornfed," all the same she's one of
the most fascinatin' ladies— that V is. an'
give her a gun— in all the len'th an*,
breadth cf Arizona. I know; for I've
seen my AbLy shoot.'
" 'Excoose me, pard,' says Texas, aftt-r
surveyin' the pinfeather party plenty
sympathetic; 'pardon my seemin' rood
ness, if I confers with barkecp aside. On
the level! Now,' gees on Texas to Black
Jack as he pulls him off to a corner an'
whispers bo the pinfeather party don't
hear, 'on the level. Jack! Ain't It my
dooty-me who saveys" what he's ag'insc— .
to go warn: this yere victim touchin* of
matrimony in all its horrors?'
"'Don't you do it!' remonstrates Black
Jack, an' his voice trembles with the
emphasis he feel*; 'don't you do it none!
~ou-all stand paws off! Which you don't
know when you'll be answerable for! If • '
this yere marriage gets broke off, who
knows what new line of conduct this
Abby maiden will put out. She may rope
onto Boggs Or Peets or mebby even you.
As long as Abby ain't marryln' none of
us. Wolfville's attitoode oughter be one
of dignified reserve.'
"Texas sighs deep an* sad as he turns
a' gin to the pinfeather party; but he sees
the force of Black Jack's argyments an'
yields without an effort to combat 'em.
" 'After all,' says Texas to * himse'f,
'others has suffered; wherefore then
should this yere jaybird gent escape?' An'
with that Texas hardens his heart a
whole lot an* gives up any notion of this
pinfeather person's rescoo.
"Which" Abby now issues forth of the
O. K. restauraw an' j'ines the pinfeather
party when he emerges from the Red
Light
" 'This yere sky pilot,' says Dan Bogg<
approachin' the happy couple, 'sends
word by me that he's over in the Noo
York store. In default of a shore enough
sanchooary, he allows he yootilizes that
hive of trade as a headquarters; an' ht's
now waltin', all framed up an' ready to
turn for you-alL Likewise, he's been
complainin' some querulous that"*
you folks is harsh with him, an' abducts
him an' threatens his skelp.'
" 'Now. see thar!' ejae'lates Abby
liftin' up her hands. 'Does mortal years
ever before listen to sech folly! I suppose
he takes that gun I has as threats! I'm
a onprotected young female, an' nacher
ally, when I embarks on this yere elope-'
ment, I packs one of paw's guns. Besides,
this sweetheart of mine might get cold
feet an' try to jump the game, an' then
I'd need said weepon some to make good
my p'aition. But it's neter meant for that
pastor! When I'm talkin' to him, to pre
vail on him to come along, an' that gun in
my hand at the time, I does sort o' make
references to him with the muzzle. . But
he needn't gro gettin' birdheaded an' timid
over it; thar's shore nothin' hostile
meant!'.
"'Enright explains to him satisfactory,'
says Boggs. 'An 1 as you urges It don'V
mean nothin'. Folks ou the brink of bein'
married that a-way gets so exyooberat
it comes mighty near the same as bem'
locoed.'
" 'Well,' says the pinfeather party,
who's been stackln' up a dust-cloud where
some one's gallopin* along about three
miles over the trail toward Tucson, 'if
I'm any dab at a guess, that's your in
furiated paw pirootin' along over yonder,
an' we better get these matrimonial hob
bles on without further onreasonable de
lays. That old murderer would plug me;
an' no more hes'tation than If I'm a coy
.ote. But once I'm moved up into p'sltlon
"BETWEEN HIM A2P HIS INTEirDEIK-ALL. THBEE SETTIN' ON THE 'ONE - SEAT-^-PERCHES A^^ PREACHER GENT WHO, IT'S
yj^ PLAIN FBOM THE-LOOK >IN HIS EYES , IS HELD IN^ASOBT; O 1 CAPTIVITY .THAT A-WAY." >
as his son-in-law, this yere feelin' of kin
ship mighty likely op'rates to stay bis
hand. Blood's thicker than water, an' I'm
in a" hurry to get Teelated a whole lot to
your pavvr.'
"But Enright. has his notion's of what's
proper. ; He su'gests them services be de
layed ontll old Glegg gets in. Meanwhile
he dispatches Jack Moore an' Dan Boggs
as a gyard of honor to lead old Glegg to
our try stinV place in the Noo s York store.
" 'An' the first thing you-all do, Jack,'
says Enright as Jack an', Dan rides away,
'you get that' outcast's gruns.' ' .'
"It ain't no more'n time , for one . drink
when Jack an' . Dan comes surgin* up in
company with this yere ; Gleg'gi " He's a
fierce, fgray old gent 'with a ; eye like' a
wolf. Jest before he arrives, Enright ad
vises the : pinfeather person an' the bride
Abby to go camp in the r'ar room," so the
sudden sight of , 'em * won't 'exasp' rate
this parent , Glegg to madness.
".'Whatever's the meanin'. of this yer'e
concourse^ demands : old, Glegg^as he
comes into the Noo" York store, ' an*
p'intin* .to 'where "Peeta -an' Texas an'
Cherokee Hall, along with Enright, is sort
o' camped about; 'ah' why does these out
laws—' yere he indicates. Dan^ an* Jack—
'denoode me of my hardware, I'd like to
know?" ''-''¦
" 'These yere gents,' says Enright, 'is a
quorum of that. respectable body known
as the Wolfville Stranglers, '¦ otherwise a
Vig'lance Committee; an'- your guns was
tember, 1808. . . -.
Next came ''The . Lament of the ' Old
Sour' Dough," .which took- like , wildflro
among the old-timers, and won for the;
author the sobriquet in the north of '.'The
Poet of Alaska."; • . " '. ¦ " ,
: I've trudged and I've starved and I've frozen
'¦* All over this white barren land— - ¦ ¦
Where ¦ the , sea • stretches straight, "white and
¦'¦:'•••:¦ : silent, .¦> > J •-.:-:. : , '¦ ' . ¦.-¦..,¦:
Where the timberless white mountains stand—
From the white peaks that gleam in the moon
¦ ¦¦•¦¦¦light,./ TJ--A >¦:•¦¦¦¦,¦" .:..¦'. ¦ . . .¦ .:':'¦ ¦ • -¦-•¦.
.Like a garment that graces a soul^r
; To the last white sweep of the prairies, "'.
'. Where - the black shadows ' brood - round ¦ the
•¦-""*;¦¦ ¦.'¦' pole. '¦''"} ;i : ' r .y\: ¦'" ¦ ¦ : ¦' :'¦. ''/¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
¦ (Now, v pray don' t presume from ¦ this prelude ¦
' « That a 'flame of poetical fire r
,Is to burst from my ; brain 'like a beacon, .,;,¦,.•
-':-!For I've; only been. tuning my lyre- ."¦¦: ¦:¦! ' »¦
'¦ To . the ' low, ' sad voice- of a singer ; • .
—Who's inspired to sing you some facts , i - ';
'About"the Improvements in staking: : -*•' .'-.''.'I'.
\ And ! the men ' who mine with an ax.) :.'.(•;
-I'veiP&nned rrnn Peru to Tolr.t - Earrow,
But I nfver. located u clalm>. . " ..•
placed.
And .: all their secrets told. .
They search the streams and hillsides rend
The hidden' truth to learn;
They trudge where land and sky line blend, ¦
And raze till eyeballs burn;
They scale bleak heights whence vast plains
aweejv
«£ d i sow tor tnose who come to reap, , .
While wives and sweethearts in homeland weep
And pray for their return. -.¦•;•-.>
.This'poem, of which only stanzas are
here printed, was so , well received' in
Alaska and so . favorably mentioned -by
several Eastern papers, that the - author
was encouraged to continue, and he next
wrote a series of three poems '- entitled
'Just Back- From Dawson," "Sence I
Come Back Prom Dawson" and "I'm Goin'
.Back to Dawson," which first appeared iri
the New York Sun in the fall of 1898. .They
have been widely <¦ copied and read
throughout i Alaska and the , States, "'* arid
are perhaps more popular than any. of the
others. ; '¦ Mr. ¦ Dunham continued; to con
tribute poems to- the : Nome , newspapers.
"Alaska to Uncle Sam" appeared in Ssp-
Till I'd fully persuaded my. conscience .. . ¦ . ,,;
. That pay. dirt pervaded the. same;
And this isUhe source of my sorrow, - \'
<As you will be forced to acree ¦ ; ', .
When you, learn how. relentless Misfortune /
Has- dumped' all her tailings on me. \ '•
I worked wlth.my pardner all summer,. - .
¦* Cross-cutting a cussed cold 'creek, -, • ... v
.Which t we : never once thought ot locating .
' Unless we located the streak;-. ' , ./ '
And when t $.t the '. close . of .-, the < Reason •; ¦
¦ vWe discovered' the creek waa a fake ..
¦We also 'discovered' the region" . i
" HadnothingTleitin it % to stake. '¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
' We "traversed the toe-twisting tundra,
..Where reindeer root round 'for their feed, .,
And the hungry Laplanders who herd them
-Devour them before they can breed. ' :
Here it ¦¦seemed that goud ¦ claims might be
plenty, . .¦•¦'.-• >¦¦-¦• ; . - . .• .,
And wo thought we would ''stake rone — per
• /•-:;«?,* haps ; JCy^WHiWWf "H< 'r^jrfP'ij^^t^lSsflSS
But we found to our grief that, the gulches ,
' Were staked * In , the name of the Lapps. '
A hundred long. leagues to the. northward,. ." ,
i O'er! the untrodden. ;' sun-burnished snow, •
We struggled, 'half blind and half famished, ..
¦ To the sea where the stanch whalers go.
We 'found there broad beaches of ruby
'• And mountains -with placers -and leads, L
But all; save. the. sky 'was pre-empted J
By salt-water sailors and Swedes.
Then we climbed the cold creeks near a missio.i
¦•' That Is run by the' agents of God,
Who trade Bibles and prayer-books to heathen
' For, Ivory, sealskins and cod.f^ri-
At last we were sure we had struck it,
\ But, alas! for our hoDe of reward — }
The landacape from sea bench to sky line
Was staked in the name of the Lord! >
We're too slow tor" the new breed ot miners,
Embracing all , classes of men, •-
Who locate by power of attorney -' ¦
; -.'• And prospect their claims with a pen —
Who do all of their, fine .work through agents
-¦¦ And loaf around town with the sports,
, On intimate terms with the lawyers.
On. similar terms with 'the courts.
'We're scared to submission and silence
:": By . the men the ' Government sends ¦
To force us to keep law land orSer, \
.While they keep claims for their friends,
And collect In an Indirect manner
¦ An exceedingly burden bo me tax.
A Book of Verse From the Land of the Midnight Sun.
• were a. orayer —
Seemed that God couldn't care.
Seemed that God wasn't there!
Mr. Dunham waa •inspired by. his as
sociation with the great Western poet and
the reading of his poem to make his first
attempt at verse. The result was "A
Reply," written in a semi-humorous vein.
We sive . the first stanza: ¦".•¦¦ ¦ •- •'.-¦)
I, too, have banged at the Chilcoot;
I have scaled her storm-torn height
And slid down her trail with dizzy ahoot
That produced a northern light; „¦;. v .
Anrl I uttered a curse-laden prayer- — -
Of course God didn't care.-.-' :
For only the devil, was there.
"The Men Who Blaze the Trail" is the
author's second attempt at verse and la
in a much more serious vein: .
Let otters sine of those who've. won
- Full hoard of virgin gold! -•
I strike the lyre for those 'who' ve none. -
But yet are strong and . bold—
Who've blared the traili through a pathless
waste • '.'¦¦* . ,;
And on the world's new chart have traced !
The llnea 'which lead where the treasure's
Copyright. 1902. by Robert Howard Russell.
FOUR days after that pinfeather
person," remarked the Old Cat
tleman, while" refilling his pipe,
with a look of sage reflection,
"four days after that Dinfeather
person gains Old Man Enright's consent
to make use of Wolfville as a private,
p'int in a elopement, him an* his loved
one comes bulgin' into camp. They floats
over in one of these yere mountain was
ons, what some folks calls a 'buckboard':
The pSnlcather person's drivin'. Between
him an* his Intended— all three settin' on
the one seat — perches a preacher gent
who, it's plain from the look in his eyes,
is held in a sort o' captivity that a-way.
What nacherally bolsters up this yere
theory !s that the maiden's got a six
shooter In her lap.
I'm shore that gent.'
" "Which if thar's a wearied hectored
gent in Arizona,' observes the pinfeather
party, as he descends outer, the buck
board at the corral, an' tosses the reins
to a hoss-hustler, 'you-a.ll can come
weavin* up an' bet a yellow stack that
"The preacher sharp, who's about as
young an* new as the pinfeatber party,
looks like he yocnltes with him in them
views. As they onload themse'fs, the
pinfeather person waves his hand to
where we-all' s gathered to welcome 'em,
an* pays by way of introduction:
44 'Gents, t thts yere's Abby — or as this
Bible sport will say later in 'the cer-raony,
Abigail Giegg.'
"Cf course, we, who represents the
Woifville public, comports ourse'is as be
comes gents of serious digr.ity, an' after
takin' off our sombreros, plump p'lite,
£nright su'gests the O. K. Restauraw as
a base of operations.
" 'Don't you-all reckon,' say6 Enright
to the pinfeather party, 'that pendin' hos
tilities, Abby had. better go over to
Missis Rucker's? Thar she gets tombs
an' breshes, an' goes over her make-up
some an' straightens out her game.'
"The pinfeather party allows this yero
is a excellent notion, only him an' Abby
don't seem cl'ar as to what oughter b.»
done about the preacher sharp.
" 'You see, he don't want to come,' ex
plains the pinfeather party, 'an' it's cost
me an'" Abby a heap of trouble to round
him up. I ain't none shore but he seizes
on the first chance to go stampedin'; an*
without him, nacherally, these rites we
all is bankin' on would bog down a whole
lot.'
" 'No, friends," says the preacher sharp;
'I will promise to abide by you an' em
brace no openln* to escape. Since I'm
heie, I will yoonite you-all as you wish;
the more readily because I trusts that as
man an' wife, you'll prove a mootual re
straint one upon the ether; an' also for
that I deems you both in your single
footed capac'ty as a menace to the'eom
moonity. Fear not. prepare yourse'fs, an'
I'll bring you together in the happy
bonds of matrimony at the drop of th«
hat.'
" -you notes. Dan/ says Texas Thomp
son, who's off to one side with Dan Boggs,
'you notes he says that, like his heart's
resentful. Them culprits has r'iled him
up some; an* now he allows that the short
cut to play even is to marry 'em as they
demands. • Which If you-all knows that
former wife of mine who gets divorced,
Dan, you appreciate what I says.'
"Even after the preacher sharp gives
his p'role, Abby acts plenty doobious. She
ain't shore she's wise to throw him loose.
It's Doc PeetB who reasshores her.
" 'My dear young lady.' says Peets, at
the same time bowin' to the ground, 'you
may trust this maverick to me. I'll pledge
my word to prodooce him at the croocial
moment when he's called for to make
these nuptials win.'
" "Which I'm a heap obleeged to you.
Mister,' eays Abby to Peets, sizin* him up
approvin'; 'and now that I'm convinced
thar's no chance of my footure sufferin'
from any absenteeism on the part of this
pastor. I reckons I better go over, like
you hints, an* take a look or two in the
glass. It ain't goin' to consoome a mo
ment, "however,— this yere titivation I
plans; an' folio win' said Improvements,
we-all better pull off this play some
prompt. My paw— old Ben Glegg— Is on
our trail not five miles behind; he'll land
yere in half a hour, an' I ain't none con
vinced he. won't land shootlnV An' with
this bluff, an' sort p' confldin' the
preacher sharp to Pects, Abby goes curv
in' over to the O K Restauraw.
"However does thl3 yere virgin look?
Son. I hes'tates to describe a lady onless
the facts flows favor'ble for her. Which
m take chances an' lie a lot to say that
any lady's beautiful that a-way, if you-all
will only give me so much as one good
teacher to go on. But I'm plumb power
less in the instance of Abby. Thar's a
blizzard effect to her face, an' the* best
you can say is that if she don't look love
ly, at least she looks convincing The
gnurliest pine knot burns frequent the
hottest, an' you can take my word for, it,
this Abby girl has eperit. Speakin" of her
appearance, personal, Missis Rucker—
who's a fair jedge— allows later to Enright
that if Abby's a kyard in a faro game,
she'd play her to lose.
THE Goldsmith of Nome" is a little
book of verse by Sam C. Dunham,
who was sent to the Yukon in Au
gust, 1S97, by the Department
of Labor at Washington us
i. -».atistical expert to make a re
iwt on the opportunities for capital and
iahcr in the new gold fields, and in 1899
was commissioned by the director of the
oensus as a special agent to supervise the
enumeration of the population of North
ern Alaska. These verses are the result
of the author's observations and expert*
ences during the four years that mark
¦.his connection with the northland.
At Circle City, In October, 1837, the
author met Joaquin Miller, the poet of
the Sierras, who had been "frozen in" at
that point and had composed a poem en
titled "Comrades of the Klondike," the
first stanza of which is as follows:
Have you. too, banged at the Chllkoot,
That etorm-locked gate to the golden door?
Those thunder-built cteeps have word« built
to cult,
And whether you prayed or whether you
• en ore,
*Twrre one, where .!t «eemf.d that an o«.thTHE GERMAN POLICE
Some may wonder why the man spent
all his money for muslin and dolls and hoes
and saved none for passage. The only an
swer is that^a score of years spent in '¦ a
land where money has no value is enough
to dull" the \ spirit of practical' economy.
He came without money; he thought to
return as he came. It may seem foolish
"But will God keep .me waiting much
longer?" sighs the old man. "I wake in
the night .and wonder if I'll ever see my
home again." And there is a wistful look
in his tear-dimmed eyes." •
"I want to go back and prove to my
wife that. I am not false to t the vows I
made twenty-one years ago. And if I ever
get home again I'll stay there till I die.
This one. visit to the world I have left is
enough for me."
He put to his claims, but Government
wheels are heavy and slow. Month fol
lowed month, ' and Philip Coffln worked
on a tugboat In San . Francisco harbor,
fretting at the delay, but loth to return
empty-handed.
After more than a year the first pay
ment came, and the promise of a second.
With the money he bought— why name
the things? You would smile at them—
the cheap little waists and shoes and
caps, dolls and ribbons and garden tools.
To him they are sacred, for In each sim
ple piece he sees the. light "that .will' beam
In the eyes of the homefolks if the God
in' whom they air believe so devoutly is
good and brings him home again. -
"Tou won't go, Phil," they laughed.
"We couldn't drive you from the Island
with a club."
Men are men the world over, , too, and
Philip Coffln came. .
to the worldly wise; but stop for a mo
ment and think of the place this man calls
home. ¦-..; .¦¦--.. ;;;" -
Pitcairn Island Is but & faint dot on the
map— a speck among the other islands of
the dangerous archipelago in the Eastern
Pacific Not too small a ; speck to claim
EafUsb. ' sovereignty, but too" insignificant
to warrant more attention from the Brit
ish Government than; a single yearly visit
of one of his Majesty's men-of-war, Just
to see that the Island is still on the map'
and Its poople In need 'of nothins\ As for
the matter of rule, this handful of simple
souls in not worth while, and. they are
left to their own' devices. '
Except for this annual visit of an Eng
lish : man-of-war Pitcairn folk ; ' cannot
count with certainty upon any other con
nection with_ the outside world. The Isl
and has no anchorage. Its steep, dark
cliffs - stand » guard - with '-' an i- unfriendly
: frown. About Its shores the 'waves beat
in. fury; a violent surf and resistless"un
dertow warn sea captaln3 to beware' the
growling, hungry monster of the sea,, who
seems to. claim the Island - for his own.
The best of the island's three poor har
bors can be made only when the .wind an
swers, and this is' why few shlps_ call at
Pitcairn Island.
Yet to the hundred and eighty souls on
this lonely, wave-guarded. Isle, all.native
born save Philip Coffln, Pitcairn is Uto T
pla. .They would not barter its Altrurlan
peace and soul-plenty for" all the .wealth
and worrying wisdom 'of all" the world.'
Few, now living, on Pitcairn | Island '. have
ever been tempted to see . for ; themselves
what the outside world Is like, and these
were glad to return to the land that lures
Philip . Coffln to ' its ' restful ease," that
haunts his dreams' and fills his days with
longing, by turns hspefur and hopeless." .
The story, of Pitcairn is old, ¦ but Its" fla
: vor . la more , of romance than reality. It
Is the story of .the ' mutineers . of the j
I Bounty, which made its '. last fateful voy
affe in the spring of 1789. It is a story of
treachery, drunkenness, murder and mad
ness, of virtue, soberness, -piety and hap
piness. '. :
The story tells how a score or more of
lawless men of the Bounty set adrift in
an open boat the commander and part of
. his crew, returning, themselves to Tahiti,
.whence the ship had sailed/ with a cargo
of young breadfruit trees- consigned to the
: West Indies: how six • of the • mutineers
were » condemned ¦ to ; death, and \ how the"
leader of the mutiny, Fletcher Christian*
and eight other. Englishmen,' slx-PolyneV
• sian '. men and , twelve '. Polynesian .women
took ¦ possession | of Pitcairn 3 and '] burned
-the Bounty. v • . A .¦¦'¦-. , \ ¦
¦¦ ¦ There la a sickening chapter ¦ that tells
.how,the~beautifui island/ in itself a para r
dise, was soon made a hell by the orgies
of this riotous .'band, /'and.' ho'w' withln^ten
•* years all the men \ were -'dead but one,
. named Alexander ¦ Smith, af terwird
~ known as John ' Adams, - who set about
: giving «, the children of crime ;< and crim
inals some thought- of right living and
/thinking." _. V
. For nearly ten years more this; strange
colony remained undiscovered, and after
' a visit In 1808 by an, American. vessel they
:.• saw " no other strangers ,for : nine ;, years
. more. ; For, forty, years none, from .the
outside world earned to i share their t lot,'
"but the colony grew': till it numbered
eighty-seven,- when through fear.' of
drought the' entire population of islanders
removed to . Tahiti. They liked neither
the climate nor the morals of - their new
home, and within a year returned to their
lonely. Island. ; . ,
Once since then there has been an exo
dus ' of "• the Islanders, .. and for two 'years
Pitcairn ' was left to_ the' sheep and goats
which ithen, as now, with the exception
of a few cats, dogs and fowl, "were the
only animals on the island." But there is
a charm about- th» place and after two
years of exile two of the men' and their
families returned to their old homes, an
example soon followed by some of .their
neighbors..- ;••
\ If the sins of others-can be atoned by
those who come after, them, surely "the
black crimes of the mutineers who sought
refuge' on Pitcairn Island ! have : been blot
ted V out. .- Among their descendants who
people the Island to-day jvlce Is ;. unknown.
Men arid women alike are virtuous, pious,
industrious;" On the simple law book" of
the Pitcairn folk there is provision for no
greater crime - than . gossiping : - among
woinen : and ¦[ swearing among - men,, and
"within the memory, of the oldest islander
the; penalty for r either of these (work on
the public roads) flias never. been inflicted,
for no one has ever been found guilty.
.Whisky and are not allowed In
Pitcairn. ¦ There are no stores, ¦ no", money.
~ V'We Ao nbf trade," says Philip; Coffinl
r%e give,'; believing and living up". to, the
truth that it is more blessed to ; glveHhan
to, receive. >. If-' any : one needs -what an
; other has it Is his -for the .asking. .
'..'. "We. have no public building ;but. the
church; no public officials but the Gover-
nor or President, . as we call him now,
and' three .; minister*, who take turns
preaching at the church. One long street
runs through the place."
' "And is this 'Adamstown?''
The old man raised his eyes and repeat
ed the word as though It were new to
him.
¦ "Adamstown— I believe they call it so.
To me it's home; that's all I call it"
, For twenty-two years Pitcairn has been
home to - Philip Coffin. Before that his
home was on the sea. Ha was born to a
sailor's heritage. He was a ;Nantucket_
man, though chance gave him Boston
birth; : and in Nantucket the prayer of
every mother and the wish of every
father, la' that : their sons may so to aea
and become captain of a ship.
: At. the age of 12 Philip made his first
voyage with his father, who was mate on
a merchantman bound"for New Orleans.
"My -mother "thought it - would give me
a chance to sow my wild oats," says old
/man Coffin, "and that I'd - go .back and .
stay, at school. But it only gave me a
taste for roving. At 14 I went to sea In
earnest on a whaler, and for thirty years
I followed the sea, now on whaling ships,
now on merchantmen, sometimes as sailor
and again as mate." •
< To the Indian' Ocean whaling and back
again; . around the Horn; on a merchant
vessel to far-off. San Francisco and back :
once, twice and again; tired of life on a
merchantman and off on a whaling cruise
to the Arctic Ocean; two years of service
In the navy , when *he „ Civil ! War .broke
out, and back, to -whaling when the war
was over. This is . as close as one can
follow the course of a sailor's life.
¦••. ?-.*¦' "- '..':¦
Philip Coffin, \A/ho Considers Himself Shipwrecked, Though He Lli/es In the Heart of Civilization
From the hold of the Silberhorn Philip
Coffin has carried that part of the cargo
so precious to him, so worthless to any
other. In a. little back room of a sailors'
saloon on the vrater front his goods are
huddled, while day after day Philip Cof
fin wanders about the docks, hoping some
ship that sails will give him passage to.
Pitcairn or even Tahiti. Could he but
reach Tahiti -lie is sure some passing
schooner would take him the rest of the
way.
And why. you may ask, came this old
man so far from his home?
The pitiful pile in the little back room
of the sailors' saloon is the answer.
Three years ago Philip Coffin learned
that the United States Government was
paying bounty due those who served in
the navy during the Civil "War. He had
¦ served for two years and knew he could
claim a share of the bounty.
There was a time when money would
have been no Inducement for any mem
ber of that simple colony of Pitcairn. folk
to venture away from the Island. They
use no money among themselves and un
til recent years were content with such
cheap, modest stores as could be found
on ships that chance brought to their
Island. l>s - •
More frequent contact with people from
the outside world has lessened In some
degree their old-time simplicity; •*>* when
, Philip Coffin, who in his youth had known
the power of money, heard that tor the
asking he could have what to & Pitcairn
man is riches be thought i to come and
claim It. a
Not that he might return and boast of
v.ealth above bis neighbors, but that be
r.ignt buy for those he loved and for bis
i . lends many things they neither ,knew
:...i Ci«famed of.
lLaJ he known the sorrow it ' would
, iJS, not ten times the meager portion
.: it was his vould have 1 tempted him
SSsf-ji.::; his home.
Lo lull oi pleasure was the thought of
.. . :i tJut nioney.dearly earned, could buy
. com Ten and small luxuries that Philip
~£r.it heeded not the pleading of his wife
..ho fcaic-u to have him leave the island.
.^aii's love is confident; woman's pro-
Perhaps in the wife'* heart was a vague
iear that once away from Pitcairn other
tics might claim and -wean him from her.
iluch stories have come to the ears of
Pitcairn women; stories of men who visit
neighboring islands, marry native women*
and, tiring of them, sail away to homes
they have left in other lands. Women
are women the . world over, and no
woman's heart is proof against Invasion
of the green-eyed serpent.
While bis wife begged and* he almost
yielded, his friends piqued his pride by
K their good-natured jibes.
For a week he lived in a stupor, unable
to work, scarce able to eat. The captain
vsjs kind to him. and his shipmates, too,
ard there was nothing to do but stay with
the Fhip. It took him to Ireland, where
the cargo* was discharged, then on to Liv
erpool. He had no money to pay duty on
his goods and must calmly wait till the
Silberhorn sailed .again.
Two weeks ago he found himself once
more in San Francisco, having passed and
repassed his "home, as be traveled half
rour.d the world and back again to the
starting point.
Far into the nipht he stayed at the rail,
"here hi« hope had died, as the Silber-*
hrrn drove through the waves, carrying
him farther and .farther away.
*T^f MAN from Pitcairn Island ma
/_\ rooned in San Francisco!
I I The irony of it, and the pity of
1 it. too.
This is the cruel trick a freak
•*>! fate has served Philip Coffln. . an
American whose, home for ' more than
twenty years has been the most inacces
sible island in the Pacific.
For three long years Phli«i» Coffln has
ix-en stranded in San Francisco. For
thrre long years he has longed for Plt
< surn and a sight of the face of one
vi-'iom he loves as though it were yester
day—not twenty-one years ago — he made
her his bride.
Out of the harbor of San Francisco
Khips are sailing every day of the year,
sailing to every qvarter of the wind; but
in these three weary, lonesome years
there has been no ship to carry a penni
less, heart-hungry old man back to his
is'and home.
Once a good ship's captain tried and
failed. That was a year ago. On the
British merchantman Silherhorn Philip
«'.offin was taken as sailmaker, with a
promise that if it could be done the ship
would call at Pitcairn.
With eager heart and willing hands
Philip Coffin worked as the Silberhorn
carried him nearer and nearer his home.
He counted the hours, the minutes, that
kept h'm from wife and family. As he
counted he prayed for a wind that wonld
drive the ship into the tiny harbor of
P;tca.:rn Island.
With fair weather Pitcairn is some
thirty days from San Francisco. They
paseed at last and the day dawned that
ho had hoped would see him home. But
Pitcairn was not sighted. The wind
v.riuld not answer; the Silberhorn must
sail on. She had fetched to leeward of
the Island, as sailors say. and might
have to beat about for days before she
could make the harbor.
And Philip Coffin? All day he stood
at the rail of the ship, straining his eyes
for a glimpse of the cliffs of the tiny
is!e. In every cloud that skimmed the
horizon he thought he defined her out
line. His fancy saw, though his eyes
could not, the form of his fair-haired
wife and the little ones grouped around
her. He felt the clasp of their arms
f»bcut his neck and their whisper of love
in li's <?ar«. He thought of the joy he
had planned to give, for down in the hold
of the ship were bundles and bales and
boxes, all bulging %rith gifts he had
housht.
These were the dreams that had come
to him softly at night as he neared his
home. And dreamed them now in the
elare of the noonday sun as he clung to
the rail, hi;* eyes blinded by tears, his
threat aching with sobs that he tried to
< hrck.
Adventures there were in plenty of the
sort that all seadogs tell. One that stands
out^irom the other3 is of the whaling
days In the Indian Ocean.
"We were out one day in the small
boat," said the old man. losing for a
moment the pain of the present In the
thrilling thought of the past. "...
"We had harpooned our whale and were
waiting for the old fellow to wear him
self out as he rushed through the water
dragging the boat away from the ship.
"Suddenly the great hulk disappeared.'
The boat rocked on the waves, the line
grew slack and the next we knew our
boat was high In air and we -were splaslv
ing about in the water. Dowrr, went the
whale out of sight and up again, catch-
Ing the boat amidships In his jaws. Then
he sank from sight. We scrambled on
top of what was left of the boat land
clung there until picked up by another
boat late in the night."
Rightly enough, it was a shipwreck that
changed the current of Philip Coffin's later
life.
His romance had begun a half dozen
years before at Pitcairn.
Philip Coffln had sailed the world
around, had seen women of many lands
no doubt had loved them, too, in sailor
fashion— here for a day and away. But
he forgot them all when he landed one
day on Pitcairn Island and saw the grand
daughter of the Governor.
This is the picture he still carries In his
heart: A barefoot girl, with* fair hair
braided and coiled close, cheeks tinted by
sun and wind in health's own colors and
big gray eyes with innocent laughter In
them. She was a child of 9. he a man of
20, but he loved her, and, though asked
no promise of her, he made up his mind
that some Bay he would come back and
claim her for his bride.
And he did not forget. No letters pass
ed between them, for Pitcairn was even
more cut off from the world then than
now; but in his sailor dreams there was
ever a figure with golden braids and big
gray eyes, and in his heart there was
ever a purpose to go back some day and
win her. '•!,' '
After that voyage and others that fol
lowed Philip Coffln stopped for a while In
San Francisco. He worked in the quar
ries on Angel Island when the rock was
taken out for the City Hall. But not for
long could he withstand the lure of the
sea. . :-. /. ';'[;
One day an English trader, the Arcadia,
lay In port, and when she shipped her
crew Philip Coffinjs name was on the list.
She was bound— no matter where. Miss
ing her course, she went ashore on a
coral reef. With a hole in her side the
crew abandoned her, taking to the small
.boats.- '.-''¦ ' •
By means of sails they made and good,
strong hands at the oar, a week in the
open boats landed them safe and sound
on Pitcairn Island." V
Chance had favored Philip Coffln, and
in aix months he was married to the girl
of his dreams. , -
Together they buil$ a rude hut of rough
boards, roofed with palm leaves; together
they planted the little plat of ground al
lotted them. In Pitcairn men and women
work side by side.
Thus Philip Coffln, the world-rover, be
came a quiet, stay-at-home farmer In thn
most out-of-the-way spot on the map. And
In the simple life he found happiness.
Time has been gentle with the old man,
and his . sixty-five years have . not taken
the light from his eyes nor robbed his
cheeks of color; and his step has not lost
Its spring. Time deals thus with all In
Pitcairn, they say, and few die young.
But the worry and disappointment of
the past year have left their mark upon
him. Not only has there been the loner
ing for home and loved ones, but also tb«
cruel thought that they may think him
untrue to them.
That the wife he has never ceased to
love should have, 'cause to doubt him Is
almost too much to endure. He has writ
ten many letters, but for more than a year
no word has come to him, and he can
not know that his letters have b«en re
ceived.
Once, long aso, Mr. Coffln had 'a letter
from his youngest daughter. "Dear papa,"
it read, "If we do not see you again in
this world we will surely meet in heaven."
"It was ambition and pride that mads
me come," says this unhappy exile. "I
wanted to get the money and buy gome
nice things for my family and friends. Z
thought, too, I'd go back and se« my
mother's crave.
"Sorry? Before I was out of sight of
the island I regretted It All I aak U to
get home again, and I'll leave the Island
no more. I'll drop both my anchors, pay
out all my chain and stay there like a
Government lightship." . -~ ;
Most
- peculiar-
That a •
.-Ms ring?
oF ar\ Old
Cannot
MAROONED IN SAN FRANCISCO
«pp STRANGER In Germany soon
/L_\ makes the acquaintance of the po
0V> lice, little as he may desire It., A
v German socialist once said, 'It
takes half of all the Germans to control
the other half," and one who sees Ger
many's Immense army, her cloud of of
ficials, great and small, and her omni
scient policemen Is Inclined to believe that
the socialist was right, says the Independ
ent. You have been In Germany a week,
more or less, when the policeman calls.
At first you cannot believe that ha 1s
really after you, and then your mind runs
back guiltily over the past. He takes out
his little book— one of a small library of
books which he carries In his blouse— and
inquires your age, your nationality and
how long you intend to stay. You learn
'¦ subsequently, that a recard of every per
son in the empire is carefully kept, with
'full details as to his occupation, material
wealth and social standing-. • If you move
Into a new house you must notify the po
lice; if you move out you must notify the
police: if you hire a servant girl you must
purchase a yellow blank and report the
;,fact, the girl also making a report. "When
she leaves you must send in a green blank
stating why she is dismissed, where she
Is going and so on. If you fall in any one
of these multitudinous requirements— and I
have mentioned only a few of them — thwre
is a fine to pay, each fine graduated to the
• enormity of the offense. There are of
fenses graded as low as 2 cents.
THE SUNDAY CALL,
14THE': SUNDAY CAJL.L.
martha Washington Love: Cakes.
Cut these from angel food cake and dip
into white, -pink and delicate green Icing;
arrange tiny hearts, cut: -trora candied
pineapple ¦ on each; ;'. place on lace paper
dollies and garnish with sprays • of flow
; era. ¦ ... ¦- . ¦ ; . - ' ¦ , -
',: . ¦ • .". ¦ • •::•;.¦.¦.¦:.¦
v The" ices should be -served- In. thin, ..tall'
glasses, a small metal arrow thrust into
each. . ' Place • on- a lace . paper i dolly ,\ on
a small china plate. ..
«¦ «° mto these & cud butter ' u.'
/* drippings : then a** , ' Cnp P° rk
of c^lml ° UP * teas P°°n
spoon each^ £ mace - n "tmek. % tea
. I When C TZ SX bak6 ta hOt —
r *nd four long; spr ™, °^ e f °°« tech wide
candied. JheS' 1ClDS: sarnla h
- ! Mato • Sherbet.
Placed n» , e - . Serve fn «•? or «e
¦¦^«-S e ..l C er -«« Press
:'"» 1 quart of crea^ Wlth the wh,p
. su &ar, i teaspoon va^'.^^oned: with
. musf be whipped unT.rt The rlce P^P
stiffly beaten butter 1,,, ° G^& whiter '
'¦ingea design of hearted .° Ups and ar
carrots; then pres 3 th/m from ' c °oked
.o as t0 make a P ]in lnff th no^ in
tn-enty-»ve m inu?es P ; unmoTd" o e n "^ bakt -
P'ate; garnish W ith pdrsley! a Pretty
Cut V^ dianAri: ° W Cakes.
' Luncheon!" Wrt bday comes next Sat-
WfKKm
•< this patriot -^ . in . Ja
Place a t>r a- ring the top t
rles. Place » fc a . scariei . then
We baVe of the »ther of our countri
hatchet.- , covere d with a cloth,
The tahle can c Qne rf
Cherries Molded in Jelly.
1 box of granulated gelatine in %"
pint cold water for 10 minuted; then add 1
P q uart boiling water. 1% cup S sugar juice
Of 2 lemons. % pint wine; stir Until dis
solved; strain; place enough of this mix
ture in a mold to measure half/an: inch, ;
thick; Bet in a cool place>ntil partly con
gealed; then place a layer of pitted can,
ncd cherries in; let jelly become firm; then
add' more gelatine and repeat Sg$&fg
rles and gelatine, until the. mold isfull,
let become very firm. When rcadyto un^
mold dip into warm water; invert on .
pretty dish and it : will . slip out; gamist
with artificial cherries.
Cherriettes.
• Sift 1 cup brown sugar. 1 pint Jour^nc
A GEO. WASHINGTON LUNCHEON
15THE SUNDAY CA"LL.
16Continued on Page Eighteen.
ANTWERP, Feb. 13.— A steamer arriv-.
ing here "from the Congo reports that a
fresh revolt recently occurred In the
Wells district and that the Batatela reb
els have been annihilated. HRH
Batatela Rebels Annihilated. ,
• After ; his 'examination » the ; German ad
miral said he was much pleased with Ithe
construction of .the yacht arid with the
progress that had been made by the build
ers. He said that In his opinion no fault
could, be found 'with the vesseh. Visits
-This afternoon RearyAdmiral von Bau
dissin, accompanied .'by. Admiral Evans;
went to ..Shooters Island to ' view '„' Em-'
peror William's , new yacht, the Meteor,'
which .was inspected ' from bow to stern.
•'* NEW YORK, V Feb. 15.— Rear Admiral
Count von Baudissin, commanding
German' imperial yacht Hohenzollern, left
' Hoboken on the Government tug • Narketa
to-day, accompanied by Commander Clif
ford West, 1 aid to Admiral Barker. ;They
first -visited' the Illinois, "on
whose- decks Admiral, von Baudissin ;. was
received by .Admiral' Evans. A salute- of
thirteen guns ,was' fired as the foreign vis'
ltor..boarded^the American battleship. Ad
miral von Baudissin manifested particu
iaf, interest In the big" guns" of . the Illinois.
The/ officers of • the , ship called attention
to^theZ Olympia, .' lying/' close by, and ¦ tho
German commander j looked with interest
at; the .-flagship: of the /battle 6f ; Manila
Bay. \Wheri- the^ admiral' left the ; warship
a ".'¦, parting salute of thirteen guns was
fired. . // . '•¦'.;> : / ." -.' ' .
Dewey 's Flagship.
ADMIRES THE OLYMPIA.
German Admiral Gets a Good Look at
POPE LEO WILL NOT
NAME HIS SUCCESSOR
"ROME. Feb. 15.-The announcement
made by one of the Paris newspapers that
the Pope, disregarding established rules.
Intends to name directly as his successor
Cardinal RampoIIa is unworthy of f credit.
It is learned from a reliable • source that
Pope Leo will never commit the mistake
of plunging the Roman church Into a dis
pute, which would assuredly take place
chould he appoint a successor, because
the College of Cardinals at ''his death
wculd proceed to exercise their canonical
right to elect a new Pontiff and thus
create the anomaly of a Pope confronted
by en £ti? ti X*oi)d. gpgj^jggjj
/ "I 'know; you Americans) feel very sore
about affairs in: the east and I do -riot
blame- youi I myself V. made a: ! "mistake
'which , I see is , now being exploited by; the
English press to create a prejudice.; When
at Hongkong, at a dinner on the Deutsch-^
c~ In this conversation - the Prince,' ref er
firig to . his having; hoped i to return : from
the ' East," via San , Francisco^ ; after hla
services in : the China squadron, but hav
ing been ¦ obliged /to hasten home - via
Suez on . account ; of , his mother's illness,
in his usual candid manner, and agreeing
.with ¦ a' remark 'that the present /was a
much more: opportune' time for his visit,
said:/ ;;,;: * //"' ;. '. ¦. ¦ -- -~- ¦/' ; ;-
".The "admiral has recently, received a let
ter^ from" a : member of. the ; United » States
embassy 'fit Beriin, , in which the - writer,
gave i a : ; resume/ of , a •' conversation he had
had !with^ Prince Henry of Prussia -at the
dinner -given thej latter K by\ Embassador
-White" prior .to" the , Prince' jf departure 'for
America. ¦ ¦ - • v/- ./ -, . : ¦•- ¦' "'
.WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— The Associat
ed Press to-day: received from authentic
sources a statement regarding the report
that- Prince Henry had; written "a letter
of apology'to. Admiral Dewey. - The int
formation which /follows. was not received
from'! Admiral ¦ Dewey,; himself, \ but "from
an: intimate ; friend of his 'and can be ab
solutely .vouched for.
calling to-day Prince Henry, in conver
sation with .a .'correspondent, referred tcT
'the -.'report Vthat-- he had v,Tltten a lettei.
to "Admiral Dewey, .apologizing /for the
conduct; of the German squadron in Ma
nila Bay during the war.- with Spain: %
;."Jt."is" all' untrue," said the Prince. "1
never ¦ have written" to 'Admiral Dewey
in my life." •• ,. ¦'?'¦'.-¦ ','¦ '¦'.'. .';' ¦; ¦'¦';•>
: \ ; an Apology.
BREMERHAVEN.' Feb. 15."— Previous to
DENIES 'WRITING; TO DEWEY.
But the Prince"; on One ' Occasion Made
; There are : several hundred-weight of
delicacies, "-• wines,'-- cigars i;. arid cigarettes,
contributions- from all over the
Empire/ on. board the "Kronprina Wilhelm.
\ Diederich gave, the Prince a telegram
from United States Embassador White at
Berlin, wishing him; in behalf of the' em
bassy a good .vo'ya'ge, a happy visit to the
United States and a safe return. " J
Prince Henry- was unable to*_ be ; present
at the dinner, owing to the : preparations
being made for his ; departure 'f ' to - the
United States. The Prince, however,^ read
on the train a printed report of;Dled
erich's speech, and when the Consul met
him at Bremerhaven station and wished
him a; pleasant Journey, Prince Henry
congratulated -" him on his speech arid
thanked him for the sentiments expressed/
SPEECH PLEASES PRINCE.
• - ... - - ¦ . •••
: The Kronprinz Wilhelm passed the Ho
henweg lighthouse at ' 5:25 p. m. Fair
weather prevailed and the sea was calm. ¦
EXPECTED 'TO BREAK . RECORD.
i The . Kronprinz Wilhelm is., expected to
break the record. Her machinery when
she sailed was in perfect condition and
her bunkers were filled with picked coal.
Director Schmidt of the North German
Lloyd line, to which the steamer belongs, 1
informed :the v correspondents that he
thought "she would 22%* knots all
the way' over and get to Quarantine, New
York, at. 9 o'clock .on Saturday morning.
The crew of the 1 Kronprinz Wilhelm, from
the captain to the stokers, are. determined
to do their best.* k •. ¦ , . . • . \
There are 200 j first-cabin and 200 second
cabin passengers on board the Kronprinz
Wilhelm. t .. • ' ; "' '..-
United 'States Consul . Henry 'W. Dled
erlch of Bremen made a speech at the
twentieth annual dinner of the naviga
tors* guild at Bremen yesterday, evening
that has been, more talked of to-day than
any other incident connected- with Prince ''
Henry's departure. , Diederich, after
dwelling on various . reasons for ' amity
between Germany, the United States and i
Great Britain, said: - * ¦ ¦-. . V j
"Prince Henry ; Is hot going to America'
to establish a !new alliance ' of friendship,';
but to give renewed expression to the old 1
fflendljr relit ions, relations natural to the
trlple-relaticnrhip^ of Germany, England
and America. Here is a driebund created
by hea yen ' and not by thei arts of diplo
macy. The great/ sections : of . the Ger
inanlc people : . should ». be united in close
tl«s of frien.ie^ip for the advancement *6f
peace and civilization." •
'¦': Died«frlch's remarks were cheered i tre
mendously. .When 'the. ladies were toasted
the name of Mlsa Alice Roosevelt. 1 was'
heartily, cheered.
'At Hamburg Senator Tichirschky joined
the party of Prince Henry, and at Bremen,
where the train arrived at 1:40 p. m., Ad
miral von Tirpitz, Secretary of the Admi
ralty; Adjutant General vbn ' Plessen • and
I other high officials from Berlin .were
added to the Prince's suit. They lunched
leisurely In the royal waiting. "room at the
Bremen station arid then ; entered ¦¦ the
train, which, . at 2 p. m., . steamed slowly
along toward Bremerhaven. The inhabi
tants of every village along the . route
turned out, gathered along the railroad
track and gave the Prince a great', ova
tIon * >
; Bremerhaven, usually- a dreary place,
was bright with color In the -Prince's
honor. 'All the shipping in the river. flew
American . and \ German ." flags, and the
wharves were black with cheering crowds
as the Kronprinz Wilhelm drew, out into
the stream with her band playing "The
Star-Spangled Banner."
INHABITANTS TURN OUT.
Senator Tichirschky, Prussian Minister to
the Hanseatic cities, bade farewell to
the Prince for Emperor William, who sent
his brother a ¦ telegram previous to the
departure of the steamer.
Commander William H_ Beehler, U. S.
N., the United. States naval attache at
Berlin, bade the Prince good-by for the
United States embassy.
BREMERHAVEN, Feb. 15.— Prince
Henry sailed for New York at 3:43 p. m.
The last seen of the Prince from the shore
here was when he stood on the bridge of
the Kxonpririz .Wilhelm. in an admiral's
uniform and lifted his cap in response to
the cheers of. the assembled, crowds. •':?'•
¦ m IEL, Feb. 15.— Admiral Prince Henry.
1^- of Prussia is, now on "the way to
H America. He started from Bremen
fl at 8:30 o'clock this morning. What
I » looked like half of Kiel's population
I % assembled at the railroad station to
bid farewell to Prince Henry at & o'clock
this morning. Admirals von Arnim and
Von Koester were also at 'the station, as
well as fourteen other naval officers of
high rank and a large guard, of .marines.
On the platform of the station the Prince
kissed the Princess, his ..wife, . and stood
uncovered at the head of' the rear step3
of the car in spite of the sharp, wintry
air until the train-was out of the station.
.: The Prince added ¦„. that he was well
aware that mistakes had been made on
their "part, but that, his relations with
Admiral Dewey '. had always been of the
most "agreeable and ; pleasant character.
He sent ; his highest regards to * the ad
miral and r expressed' his sincere hope of
seeing him during his visit: to America. .
¦;-ys • ."•:. : / - • , ... . . •
land (the Prince's flagship in the east),
Commodore- Dewey was present and was
the senior officer; there -were tvip Rus
sians, some English and officers of other
nationalities^ which I cannot recall, when
I proposed the health of first, the Czar
of Russia, i then others and last, of all
that of,: the President '•', of the United
States. ;..- Dewey was offended, as I learned
.the] next day, '.and' I realized*! had made
a' great -mistake.;!, immediately went on
board; the \Olympia and saw. Dewey, who
accepted my apology mo3t ' graciously."
"Why He Ordered' a Yacht From
EMPEROR WILLIAM'S TRIBUTE
American Builders.
BERLIN, Feb. 15.— The Cologne Ga
zette devotes a lengthy editorial to the
departure of Prince Henry on his visit
tothe United States. It-says:
¦ "Prince Henry goe3 to express the Em
peror's great sympathies with the racially
related American people and his frank
recognition of their healthy and powerful
development. The great : masses of the
German people share with their ruler in
that sympathy. 1 and recognition. Prince
Henry is ' in Germany . a popular person
age . : and his subordinates , would go
through'fire for. him. The German people
are attached with pride and reverence to
the 1 . Prince Admiral.
"Emperor William has- followed the
splendid * development , of -American ship
building with the liveliest Interest. There
is . no • yacht ¦ swift enough toy him and • he
has repeatedly given commissions to Ger
man; and British builders to make him a
swift-sailing yacht, and ' has now com
missioned T an "'. American ? yard' to do the
work, in the' conviction .that i Americans
build the best of : which . marine architec
ture ' is capable. >|. His -¦ Majesty, free from
envy,; pays this high tribute to American
Industry, and : it Is . proof • that he ; yields
the palm to American 'builders. He asks
the; President's daughter to christen the
new yacht . and sends his brother to wit
ness the launching,; and 'this unreserved
recognition is in a : high- degree honorable
to the United 'States and to therEmperor
alike". It" can be well expected' that the
Emperor's object is understood in Amer
ica. He has no political. business In view,
but -regards it \ as Important that two
racially connected nations which have' no
political arguments 'toT. fight over, \ but
.which on the contrary have manifold
arrangement which he considers j so ob
jectionable. No authoritative information
could be obtained at the State Depart
ment to-day regarding the conference of
Count Casslnl, the Russian Embassador,
with Secretary Hay yesterday. There ia
reason to believe, however, that the Em
bassador communicated to Secretary Hay
the declaration made/at St. Petersburg,*
showing that Russia looks with equanim
ity upon the Anglo-Japanese treaty, be
cause It ' supports the principles which
she has advocated— the Independence and
integrity of China and Korea. Russia has
no apprehension of war In the far East,
and with her railroad almost completed
will be able -to pour thousands of men
into Manchuria.
More Anxious to 'Please America
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— Russia has In
timated to the United States that sh© re
grets Its , action in protesting against tha
Russo-Chinese Bank convention, which Is
on the point of signature In Peking.
This Intimation has been made through
Embassador Tower, accredited to the St.
Petersburg Government It was reported
this afternoon that as the result of tha
American protest, the Russo-Cblnesa
Bank arrangement would be modified, bfat
the department has received no advices
to this effect. It would not surprise well
informed officials, however, should Rus
sia make concessions to show her friend
ship for this country. It is stated em
phatically that If such concessions are
granted they will not be given because of
the threat contained in the Anglo-Japan
ese treaty? That , treaty would on tha
other hand tend to cause Russia to adopt
a policy of Indifference to the claims of
foreign powers.
It Is not likely that the United States v
will make any further representations to
Russia regarding the Russo-Chinese Ban*
arrangement. Secretary Hay has an
nounced the position of this Government,
and he sees no necessity for making fur
ther representations.
Though that announcement was made a
few days before the publication of tha
Anglo-Japanese convention, it Is stated
that the United States acted independent
ly .-- Secretary Hay, in fact, took the lead
in' making representations .regarding the
Than England and Japan.
RUSSIA SHOWS FRIENDSHIP.
Leaves, Germany; Arriid Plaudits of ""thje^ Pqpiujdpei/ia^fid : >Vi(iih .-^the; Qpod ;-Wisfi(BsVbf
the Representatives iof Many Nations-- Brother of the Ruler of the Ger- II
man Empire Coming to Attend Launching of Emperor's Yacht.
BROTHER OF.EMPEROBAyiliLlAM OF GERMANY AISD MAGNIFICENT FLOATING PALACE AWAITING HIM
"The admiral immediately • sent a tele
gram to Goelet and- made arrange
ments toward procuring an appropriate
wreath.* Last June the German Emperor
and Empress paid the Goelet yacht Nahm
a visit during the Kiel regatta.
There will be religious services for the
¦crew, of the Hohenzollern to-morrow
morning. } In •' the ' evening Consul General
Buenz will entertain Admiral von Baudis
sin and a parity of his officers at dinner.
The United States cruiser Cincinnati ar
rived to-day from- Hampton \ Roads. She
anchored oft TompkinsVille, S.I., near the
Illinois andjOlympla, to await the coming
of. Prince Henry of Prussia.
were . then : made Iby, the party . to other
vessels In course of" construction at the
yard. ¦;;£; ¦ : : . - _ /
It was learned to-day that Admiral von
Baudissin received a dispatch from
Emperor William directing him to express
the sympathy : of the Emperor and Em
press to Mrs. Robert-Goelet on the death
of her daughter Beatrice, which occurred
a few. days ago. The Emperor also In
structed the admiral "to" place a wreath
on Miss Goelet's- grave.
Kronprjnz: Wilhelm
Trying to Break
' . Record.
NEW YORK. Feb. IS.— "England's float
at Manila stood ready to take sides with
Dewey and to open fire— to begin war— on
Germany's should occasion arise. Notice
to that effect was served on the German
admiral, and as an earnest of what the
notice meant British ships were moved
into, position between the German and
American fleets so they might be in place
to give efficient aid to the United States
if necessary. We were ready to clear
deck3 for action."
These are the words of Sir Edward
Chichester, commander of England's fleet
at Manila, as reported by an American
official of prominence, who heard th©
British naval officer speak them— and
many more of the same import.*
- VI was'-'wlth'. Dewey all the time. Blood
was thicker than water. If .German in
terference with Dewey had gone far
enough Von Diedrichs would have start
ed '.wax' not only with the United States,
but with. England. Von Diedrichs under
stood that. Perhaps he noticed, too, that
the English barges one day were filled
with coal and the next day had but little.
One night: the American ships were re
coaled without going to Hongkong."
,:That Is a further quotation from th«
British commander, ¦ according to Tha
Call's Informant.
"It seems noteworthy," said this Ameri
can to-dayT "that Sir Edward Chichester
was only a captain when he was at Ma
nila, but was promoted on Thursday to
be an admiral of the British navy. This
promotion is made at a time when tha
relative positions of England and : Ger
many as regards the United States at the
time of the Spanish war are under dis
cussion In : all three countries and when
Prince Henry of Prussia has but freshly
apologized to Admiral Dewey for tha ac
tions of Von Diedrichs in Manila Bay.
The time seems ripe to make public, what
several Americans who heard It regarded
as most notable, the statement mada by.
Sir Edward Chichester."
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
the desire of the administration that it
be brought to the front at once.
He further told them that unless the
leaders showed some disposition for im
mediate action he would send to Con
gress a special message calling attention
to the Immediate necessity of the case
and urging speedy legislation. He Im
pressed upon them again the obligations
of the country and suffering and desti
tution that might result from further de
lay.
The Senators and Representatives who
participated in the conference were Quite
as frank as the President himself, and
told him that, while concession to Cuba
In some practical form was almost sure
to. come, the matter could not be hast
ened so long as the high protectionists of
the House were of the present frame of
mind.
OPPOSES FURTHER DELAY.
While the President listened to all this
with attention and appreciated the diffi
culties in the legislative branch, he could
not see any good reason for further de
lay after the passage of the war tax re
peal bill, and still again insisted upon
immediate action.
On coming from the conference the
Senate and House leaders observed the
greatest reticence as to what had taken
place, and declared that any statement
of the proceedings must come from the
President. They admitted, however, that
there was a general discussion of busi
ness to be considered by the present Con
gress, and added that -It Is the 'intention
of the leaders to, so frame the order of
business as to be able to clear up all of
the general appropriation bills and dis
pose of all necessary general legislation
so that an adjournment may be reached
by June 1st.
DANISH TREATY INCLUDED.
In their programme is Included consid
eration of the Danish treaty, which Is to
be taken up in the Senate next Monday;
the war tax repeal bill, which comes up
for consideration in the House the same
day; the Philippine bill now pending;
concessions to Cuba, canal legislation and
the ship subsidy bilL
The beet sugar interests, realizing that
the Ways and Means Committee is bound
to bring in some measure, have revived
the debate and are again urging It with
persistence.
Another proposition, which Is said to
have been considered at the White House
this morning, is one which provides for
temporary concession to Cuba by mak
ing a tariff reduction on raw sugar to ap
ply only to this year's crop.
Idea from them as to the legislative pro
gramme he told them frankly^ that tb.6
question of concessions to Cuba was the
most Important of all, and that It was
As the time draws near when the House
leaders have promised to take up £he
Cuban question interest In the matter in
creases in "Washington, and the President
becomes more and more Insistent that
some legislation shall be adopted at the
earliest possible moment. At the Presi
dent's Invitation Senators Allison, Aldrlch
and Spooner and Speaker Henderson and
Representatives Grosvenor and Cannon
were present to-day,, These gentlemen
are Important members of . the steering
committees of both ' branches, and it will
be remembered were the very statesmen
v/ho were oftenest in conference with
President McKinley when the Spanish
war clouds were gathering. ;J, -'
t*' 'coS-'cMsioisrs to cttbaT 7
The President talked to the leaders for
nearly two hours, and after getting some
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— Legislation
in Congress, which Includes tariff conces
sions to Cuba, was the topic to-day of the
most Important conference held at the
White House since Roosevelt became
President.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Sir Edward Chichester Is Heard to
Say That His Vessels Were in
Readiness to Wage War in
America's Behalf.
President Declares Affairs of the Isl
and Need Prompt Attention and
Says He May Send Special
Message on Subject.
Commander of the English
Ship3 Ready to Fight
the Germans.
Leaders in Both Branches of
Congress Given Adminis
tration's Programme.
Calls a Most Important
Conference at Whita
Ho us 6. •
Sensational Statement as
to Acts of British
at Manila.
SAYS FLEET
PREPARED TO
AID DEWEY
ROOSEVELT
URGES CUBAN
CONCESSIONS
PRINCE HENRY OF RUSSIA DEPARTS FOR UNITED STATES AND THE PROMISE
IS MADE TO LAND HIM AT THE METROPOLIS OF AMERICA NEXT SATURDAY
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 78.
SAN FRANCISCO, ;STJNDAY> FEBRUARY: 16^ 1902^FOI^Y^ PAG ES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
hm iii
Pasres 17 to 28NOTED WOMAN SUFFRAGE LEAD
ER WHOSE EIGHTY-SECOND
BIRTHDAY WAS DULY OBSERVED
. 8.. We affirm that intelligent' suffrage irre
spective of sex is the watchword of progressive
democracy and that the equal co-operation of
women -ana men is essential alike to a happy
home, '.a refined society,- a successful church
and 'a republican state.
The resolutions were unanimously
adopted. -
Resolved. v That. the attention of : the Civil
Service ; Commissioners and . all heads of de
partments be called to this unjust discrimina
tion." , - • ' ."".¦- . . *-• ¦ -. f
7. Whereas, It Is learned that ' tome of • the
departments . of the Government j are refusing
to accept, women who are approved- by the
Civil Service Commission and who are by th«
civil sen-Ice rules fairly entitled to -positions.
Therefore ' .-.»:¦ ¦-.¦-¦- .
" 6. it is- the sense of this convention that no
sex distinctions should be made In regard to
franchise. in our new possessions.
.. , C. We point with satisfaction to our equal
suffrage Stafes, containing more than 1,000.000
American . citizens, with eight United States
Senators and" nine ; Congressmen," who represent
".onstltuencies of women. . The • beneficent ex
perience of "thirty-three years in. those States
confirms every hope and .refutes every objec
tion. ¦ ¦.;.•• • ¦. . ¦ .:¦¦:¦ -,
4. Wo protest against the Government | regu
lation of vice in our new possessions and we
urge President Roosevelt, who has been for
years an outspoken opponent of such regula
tions, to put an end to it.
3. We rejoic* in the granting of equal guar
dianship and control of minor children to both
parents in Connecticut: the matter of married
women's property rights In a number of States;
in the success of the . Methodist women In He
curing, the right to be members of- the general
conference; in the victory of the Chicago
women teachers over the • trusts and I corpora
tions of Illinois which have evaded taxation, j
The report of the committee on .resolu
tions was then. read.* as follows: .
',-.!. The "Woman Suffrage. Association, at its
flrst v ' meeting ¦ of • the • twentieth century in . the
capital'' city of lh«'-trrilte'd : States,- reaffirms the
principles of the • Declaration of Independence
and calls for the application of those principles
in , the case of women who are taxed without
representation . and governed' without 'consent.
. 2. We rejoice in . the j granting of suffrage
during the past year to 200,000 women of the
State of New York on the . question - of taxa
tion, and in the extension of municipal suffrage
to the taxpaylng women of Norway.: We
recommend that the women taxpayers of every
State appeal to their Legislatures for suffrage
in their own behalf. ¦ ' •
Some Pithy Resolutions.
ing that States not regularly organized
along the representation lines or not hold
ing annual meetings . or elections, be re
garded as unorganized; and open fields for
national organizers. ¦ ' : '
~ In responding to the address of . foreign
delegates, with tears in her eyes, Miss
Anthony referred to her fifty years of
work In the cause of woman suffrage, say
ing she had consecrated her life to it.
She was unable to proceed further on ac
count of emotion.
Mrs. Catt then announced that It had
been the intention to give Miss Anthony
a birthday present," but knowing her aver
sion to attentions of this kind, she said,
it was proposed to recognize her birthday
by having the members • pledge the sum
of $5000 for carrying-on the campaign of
woman suffrage. The delegates responded
with surprising alacrity and the. announce
ment that -$5102 had been subscribed waa
greeted with vociferous applause.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 15.—Inter
set in. the National Woman
Suffrage Association meeting
to-day was heightened- by the
fact that It marked the eighty
second birthday of Susan B. Anthony.
She was the recipient of. many" congratu
lations and was feelingly referred- to in
the invocation by MIbs Laura de Merrltte.
Many floral tributes also were received by
her. The following message of greeting
from the foreign delegates was received
by her and read from the platform: _ u
W'«. the undersigned foreign -delegates '.to .the^
first international woman suffrage conference,
gladly take the opportunity of your, eighty
second birthday to express to you our Idve'-aud'
reverence, our gratitude- for your lifelong work
for women ' and our rejoicing, that ' you * have
lived "to see such great steps onward made by
the world" at large in the:. direction .-.in which
you led at flr6t under such -prejudice.'- Pray
ing that you may enjoy years of health, cheere.1
•by ever-fresh advance, w» remain, your loving
friends, • ' ..... ¦ ¦ , . *
FLORENCE FENWICIC MILLER,-Eng
land. .
SOFIA LEVORNA FRIEDLAND, Russia.
CAROLINA H0LMAN HUIDOBRO, Chill.
GUDRUM DREWSEN. Norway..
VIDA GOLDSTEIN. Australia.
ERMA EWALD, Sweden. •:¦-.;•
ANTOINETTE STOLLE, Germany.
! Mrs. Boyer of Philadelphia presented a
plan of work for the coming year. • That
part of It relating to taxation without
representation caused considerable discus
sion, which ~ developed the fact that-- in
paying the taxes a: number of the dele
gates insert in . the tax certificates the
words "paid under protest." A sugges
tion by the president that all present who
were should^' rise brought to
their feet - over '- 200 women.
Other recommendations by the commit
tee were to apppint a special committee to
double the membership; that clubs seek
qualified women as lecal organizers, and
when such are found .invite them to as
sist; that a national column be published
in the Woman's Journal, that systematic
work be done to Increase the circulation
of suffrage; that Presidential suffrage- be,
urged,- and that there, be a woman suf
frage stamp, similar to .that used in
France; that prizes be offered for the best
essays on woman suffrage, 'and; "that we
continue our plea for a .sixteenth amend
ment, respecting woman suffrage." .
The committee also recommended that
a State historian be appointed to keep a
record of all. information concerning
woman suffrage;' that it be recommended
that > each local suffrage association, es
tablish a circulating library of suffrage
r books. ¦
These recommendations were adopted
unanimously. •¦¦.-. - • •" ~. ¦: '¦ .-. . ¦
•The 'executive committee offered "a rec
ommendation, which was adopted, declar-
Snowslide the Cause of Deaths.
LEWISTON, Idaho. Feb. 15.— A miner
arriving to-day from Warrens brings the
news of the death of three men who were
caught yesterday in a snowslide near the
head of the Smith Gulch on the route to
Thunder Mountain. The victims are Bert
Tules, J. B. Campbell and B. 1L Skyies
of Welser. Idaho. Fred Williams of Wat
son and Myers of Boise were the other
members of the party, but they escaped.
From Buffalo Hump comes the news that
Ben Hamilton lost his life in a snowslide
last Wednesday. Hamilton was caught
In an avalanche of .snow about a mile
wide. His body has not been recovered.
It is probable that -the county authori
ties will take Immediate steps to bring
the guilty to justice, and in this connec
tion there is some doubt as to. the value
of the statement made by Nina Futreil
for the reason that it was neither sworn
to nor taken down in the presence of any
one vested with authority. < Thus there
may be trouble in store for the local phy
sicians, who. while they apparently acted
from humanitarian motives, rest under
the of having attempted to
shield the man accused in the statement.
It was shown by the testimony of sev
eral witnesses that Miss Futrell several
days ago applied to two physicians of this
city for medical relief. Before they would
consent to treat the woman they were
.given a written statement by her, signed
by two witnesses, to the effect that the
operation was performed by a Traver
physician and that her condition, had be
come such' that medical relief was neces
sary. In the statement the unfortunate
woman exonerated the local doctors from
all blame. , •.
VISALIA, Feb. 15.— Nina Futrell, a
woman of questionable character, died in
this, city yesterday under circumstances
so suspicious that Coroner T. C. Caruth
ers deemed ah investigatioif necessary. An
inquest was. held and the verdict of the
jury augurs ill for a Traver physician
and may, cause two local doctors much
trouble. It was found that the woman's
death was due to a criminal operation;
and the Coroner's jury urged the county
officials to Immediately proceed against
the guilty person or persons.
Ei-eclal Dispatch to The CalL
STOCKTON-, Feb. 13.— Fartfculars were
received here to-day, of a aaring attempt,
on a southbound Santa Fc train from San
Francisco last nlsht. to rob a wealthy
passenger en route to Chicago. Near Pin
ole the passenger was suddenly confront
ed by a stranger,' who demanded his
money. The passenger resisted and the
robber grabbed the traveler's mackintosh
end ruehed out of the car jioor before thu
other occupants of the car could interfere.
The train was stopped, and with drawn
•revolvers the conductor and brakeman
made a futile search for the fellow. After
passing Pinole the robber again made his
appearance and endeavored to drag the
passenger from the train, but wuhout
-success', after which he rushed out of the
door. The train was again stopped and
another fruitless attempt was made to
find the robber, who was not again seen
on the trip.
The robber obtained a sum of money
that waa tn the mackintosh— how mucn
the loser did not say. The name of neither
man could be ascertained.
Tries to Drag a Traveler
From One of the
Coaches. - , ;
Writes Statement Impli
cating a Physician
of Traveri *
DYING WOMAN
ACCUSES DOCTOR
ROBBER INVADES
PASSENGER TRAIN
Susan By Anthbny on Eighty-Second ; BirtHr
day Receives Gorgratulations From Merh
"... Vbers of this National Suffrage Association
WOMEN PAY LOVING TRIBUTE
TO PIONEER WORKER IN CAUSE
THE SAN^^
YALTA, Crimea, Feb. 15. --Count Tolstoi
is somewhat Improved; to-day. His -pulse
Is 90 and. his 'temperature is satisfactory.
The change for. the worse in. his condition,
which occurred , last • evening.- was caused
by a spread- of = the. pulmonary inflamma
tion to ihe right lung. The inflammation
is beginning to subside. ¦"
Count ¦ Tolstoi Improves.'
Residents in Mexican -To-wns May
; Migrate to Escape an Expected
X Eruption.'
CHiLPANCINGO,*; Mei.'i Feb. 15.— Great
alarm prevails here as well as in Chllpapa
and jTixtla.'at; the i discovery fof volcanic
smoko -issuing; f rom; the "openings - in the
¦summit -of -Temalacatlalco. : . on the road
.between,thls'city,and Chllapa. " . \ . ' V
•. • Residents of ;, the 5 towns : named ' threaten
to migrate - to distant parts, so » alarmed
are they • at ; this •• new-; indication of sub
terranean disturbance. . :..„;_.__.. .-J.H
SMOKE OF A VOLCANO
ALARMS THE "• PEOPLE
APPLETON, "vVis., Feb. 15.-^Tohn; O.
Holmes to-night shot . George Walter,
Martin -Walter and Henry Walter, all
sons of Holmes' wife, who was formerly
Mary Walter, widow of the late George
Walter, proprietor of the Star Brewery.
George Is m a critical candltlon, but the
others Trill recover. Holmes waa arrested.
Mrs. Walter married Holmes* a year ago
at Denver. The relations between her
sons ..and -Holmes have since been
strained. . , -,-¦ -
Shoots His Wife's Sons.
. "I predicted no such thing. What I did
say in Chicago was that commercial ri
valry, combined with unfriendly leglsla-.
tion, tended to embitter, public opinion on
both sides and that Prince Henry's, visit
can have no Influence outside of .the small
circle which meets him personally ' and
likes. him for. his .individual qualities
..'•What struck me most forcibly durln~
my visit to th<? Middle Western unlvers^
ties was the superiority of such univer
sities as Cornell, -Wisconsin, .Minnesota
etc., over the. many .famous Eastern col
leges in fitting, students to take thelead
In practical American affairs. The- spirit
that is conquering, the neutral markets
ol: the world is more stimulated at the
headwaters of the Mississippi than at tlv?
Atlantic. The .intellectual - Ylgor of our
Western universities Is not yet '• aDDre
clated." ' * iwre.
LONDON, Feb. 15.— Poultriey -Bigelow.
when' questioned regarding- his. reported
references when in America to. a war. be
tween the United States and Germany,'
said: . . :
States and Germany.
DOES NOT PREDICT WAR.
Pcultney Bigelow's Viqws on United
Emperor "William has" ' ordered that a
brief report of the visit be cabled to him
daily. He has .also instructed Prince
Henry to write a detailed report of his
experiences and observations during the
trip.
cordial points" of attachment, shquld be
drawn ] nearer . together in mutual confi
dence and resreot." „ ,. . •
APSIL MA-X\BB,nf ( G
CESSATION OS 1 WAS
Latest Humor in 'London Says South.
African Trouble KTears Set
tlement.' ' '.
LONDON. Feb. 15.-The latest rumnr
from the War Office is to the effect that
peace in South Africa will be announced
by the end of April 'or the beginning of
May. The people are growing very chary
of accepting ' these rumors, still, there
does Beem a likelihood of this prophecy
being fulfilled. - \
The casualty reports on the fight on the I
Klip River last Wednesday show thar
four British officers and twenty-nine men
were wounded and two men killed. No
details of the engagement are given.
Skirmishes in the vicinity are of frequent
occurrence. .
.yiCKSBURG, Miss., Feb. 15.— Mrs^ Jef
ferson Davis, who arrived" in VIcksburg
this afternoon,' authorized a correspondent
:to deny her storj^that her v mission.to the
South was for; the purpose of offering to
sell =Beauvoir" (Mrs.-, Davis' Mississippi
home) to'fhe State -to-be- used as a- sol
diers' home. • She has.never lntended-nor
:will she offer to sell the old place, sho
says.: : ; - ' '' '.'• .' .
Mrs.; Davis waa 7 assisted from ; the
Speaker's stand and the old veterans.,citi
zens-and = little children, crowded around
her.Y . '. -.i.- -,~ - ;: . -y> : '-:--- -;.'¦: ¦.•.'¦;'
JACKSON, Miss.', F.eb. 15.— Mrs. Jeffer
son Davis appeared before the Legislature
of Mississippi: to-day I and her presence
caused^ a ¦ very affecting -scene. - She was
escorted ' to the Capitol S shortly-, -before
noon and Introduced to the joint session
by Senator Cayce, who eulogized Jeffer
son Davis, ; arid spoke of his distinguished
services to hl3 country and .the undying
love I of "the "^people of < Mississippi .for . the
only President of the Confederate States.
Mrs. ;Davls burst into" tears when she at
tempted-to reply. • : * . . -
'/'Gentlemen," 'she said, "I shall, always
tenderly ; love the' people .of Mississippi,
who clung " to . the "_. cause .'of , a'" defeated
man. I can say no, more/' '' . ¦
When the Aged Woman
?S : Speaks. .
Affecting Seen© in ? Jackson, Miss.,
WIDOW OF, -JEFF*: DAVIS
BEFOBE ALEQISLATTTEE
Continued From Page Seventeen.
PRINCE HENRY OF PfiUSSFA DEPARTS
18
ZINK § CLEVERNESS \
Begins its THIRD YEAR with tha MARCH NUMBER.'
OUT TQ-BAY.
• It has BEATEN ALL RECORDS of maga-
zine'publishing in ¦-. • -. " ; .'" \
FIRST-" Brilliant, strong, thoroughly entertaining
novelettes.
QECQND~~ Charming variety, perfect literary finish,
pleaiurabie diverting interest of Its hun-
dreds of c-eyer short stories.
THIRD — Essays, human in theme, vigorous. In- ;
cisive. clean-cut, commanding thought and
.leaving impression. • '.\
FOURTH — .Verse, pure, delightful.
FIFTH — .Sketches, /aphorisms, witticisms and jokes
.. '- ; - ' 4hat sparkle— lit-rary diamonds. • ,
SIXTH"" Phvsi:al production— excellence of paper,
printing and tin ng; tasteful cover.
SEVENTH — Unparalleled'Jist of contrit-utors, including '
from both h.emi-pheres the brightest men
and women of the literary and socjal world.
Some of them are: . '
luUea -Gordon. Molly Klllot Seawell. Martha MeCulloch-Wllllama, .
(Mrs. Van BensaelaerCrnser). Guy Wetmcre Carryl. Albert Biselow Paine.
Caroline Duer. Edith Sessions Tupper, Theodosia Garrison.
The Coontets of "ffanridt, Kate Masteraoi*, ' Clement Scott.
•EUzabeth Doer. Ethel Witts Mumrorf. Max Pemberton.
Richard L« G»!!iennc Justus Ml'-es Forman. M»dlson C&wein,
G«rtru<le Athertcn. Mrs. Burton Harrison. Clinton Ross,
Rev Bradd'.n HamUtcn, Mes. Poultney Bl-relow, Harriet Prescott Sr>offord,
Ea-kr F»weett. Mrs. Wi'.liam Allen, - "Prank Roe Batchelder,
Charles G. D Roberte. J M. E. W. Sherwood. Carolyn Wells, '
Ointon Scollard. H. C. Chatfteld-Taylor, Charles Battel! Loomls.
•Barry pain, Kd^ar Saltus, Vance Thompson,
Baroness von Hutten. Katrir.a Trask. Onoto We.tanna,
Gelett Burress, Mrs. Stpphen Crane, • . JJoyd Osbourne.
R K- Munk5ttrick. Bliss Carman. PauJ I-aurence Dunbax,
Countess I»v*iau de Chavanne. .Tulian Hawthorne. John B. Tabb. '
John Reenault Ellyson. Ella Wheeler Wilcox. . Ionian Bel'.
Durfleld 0-§born^. Kdward S, Van ZI!e. - Frank Dempster Sherman,
Jcse-phlne D. Daskam. Princ<» Vladimir Vanlatsky, Charles Stokes Wayne.
Eden Pbillpottz. Alfred Henry Lewis.
Among these ere many whose tvork you love to read. Some of them will be found
In *very number of this magazine, the prodigious success of which has
caused the pub'lshinj world to acclaim it simply
¦V>.-« -¦ ' •¦ %~V- ¦'- • ''¦.. '
LAST AND BEST- Number of readers entertained, delighted,
charmed, satisfied— devotid friends— all over the world
where English is read. , : .
T«ll your newsman always to reserve a copy for you, or-ask htm to forward to
vi your annual subscription, which he will gladly do. We make NO "special
offers." have NO c!ub rates. • - -
Each number of The Smart Set is worth double the price— 23 cents.
If yo« have read it you know this to be true. '
If you have not read it, buy .a number and you will know~.lt to be true.
The MARCH NUMBER,
OUT TO-DAY, ;
CONTAINS- '
ARABY .Lea^ng Novelette), . By Baroness von Kutten
THE CAIETIES OF PASI . . ... Fy Edgar Saltus
THE PENANC OF HEDWIC. . . . By Lilian Bell ;
W-'EN WHIC MET TORY LONC AGO, . By Alfred Henry Lewis
THE PRINCESS, . • . . . . . By Justus IV! lies Forman
A LITTLE SUPPER IN SAN FRANCISCO, By Celett Burg?ss
DAPHNE, . . • ..... . By Bliss Carman '
A WOMAN OF IDEALS, . . . . . By Kate Jordan
AND FO&TY-O>E OTHER SIGNED . CONTRIBUTIONS.
Stnd iNOW your subscription for one year, S3.09. Remit in chequ*,
postoffice or express money order or registered letter addressed to
ESS ESS PUBLISHING CO., 8135 Broadway, New York.
ADVEBTISEMENTS
AD VERTISEMENT S.
t FOR THIS WEEK; t
X Peruna 8?c, 4 bottles ; A - : ; :/ - . - $3,00 +
«?¦ Pinkham^ G mpounci- 7<;c, 4 bottles ¦ $2.75 ">
t Swamp Root' 4oc:and 8^.c, 4 bottles --/•- $3.00
Tbdd's Sarsaparila - - : - . - ;-75c ¦!¦+
: Paine's Geiery Gompound;75;c, : 4 bottles - . $2.75 +
? Bring Us- Your Prescriptions '¦ +
t and Save 50 Per Cent. +
"?¦•'*.¦ : 0 ; : ; \l^lSC0lini; ffi^t*
I on Ladies r Pocket BoiDks. :
> Special inducements ; /-., • ..; • • Eyes examined free by an J
. on Cameras and Expet Optician *
4- V Photo Supplies, always in 'attendants*. -4-
'+M -' . ¦ '• : ' . •<¦ •¦"¦ •' "¦¦:" : ¦' ¦¦ . . ¦¦ • ¦ ¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'. ¦-; ¦.. •; .-• ¦ : ' >:
¦ + - - ... - ~-~ r~ — :~: :¦¦¦¦¦¦;-¦ — ,•.-, ., ; ;--» ¦V-ir'; : ' -. ' •. ' : '.. -f.
¦4. •:¦¦¦'' ¦ ' ¦ ¦.,'•. ¦',¦¦•-¦¦ -'.¦'¦'. '.•¦•;;¦-.¦.';. -A-
Country orders flliedpromptry.- We give Trading Stamps. : "t \
Scrofula
Few are entirely free from It.
It may develop, so slowly as' to canse
little If any disturbance during the whole
period of childhood.
•¦ It may then prpdnco Irregularity of the
stomach and bowels, _ dyspepsia, catarrh,
and marked tendency to consumption
before manifestlns^Uself in much cutaneous
eruption or glandular swelling.
. It is beat to be sure that you are quite
free from it. and for. its complete eradlca-v
tlon you can rely on .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
TLe best o! all medicines for all humors^
Proof From Ail Seliiiiis-lat Pe-ru-na Giires
.-¦¦.> * ¦ - • ¦ ¦ . : ¦'.¦¦>' . ¦ ¦ ¦ . - ¦ ¦
J^^^^^^^^^^^^^ one disease— catarrh. But since catarrh J^^^^^^^^^^,
£S&tg£~&&£&$iW ¦ \ But -we Insist that Peruna. cures one dis- '¦¦' _' ij &&&&}, J
. SCT^^^ Ir Peruna Is not a local remedy. Since ca- ¦ -^*^ I
* vsES ' I tarrh invades the system,* only a s>'9- I \ *r ' -^jy f
•^^^^^^^^i^ >c.y^y^ m Siaies cre recommending Feruna. Oner /////Mi. /y Jlllw\^
1 V\ ' Jl^>. f ° rty meml>ers ot Congress have written / 1 t/Jgf&CttS^**// N^i
YfcSs— ." ;•*";-'¦¦ ' There la no medicine that can take Its <* r
place. Address The Peruna Medicine " .. , — -^
Congressman Smith, of Illinois. . , Co.. Columbu3. O.. for free catarrh book. Hon. Wm. A. Deans of San Francisco.
Hon. Geo. W. Smith, Mem- y-™-^ . ' ¦ Hon. "Win. A. Deane, Clerk
ber of Congress, in a recent 'I g-^_ - . _ v ' — _ __J of the city and county of Ban
letter from Murphysboro, I1L/' ; -1 C- i jf^| A'T 7 ( A K E^H^H 3 8 Francisco, In a letter written
to The Peruna, Medicine Co., J_ & » pffi , I MsL K Jm* K m |mJ from San Francisco,, says:
says the following in regard Hj) gj / V\ < / ?\ fc fS -1 F , "I would not be without Pe-
to Peruna for catarrh: j?l tfxk \ /""«, Wi^i h m &4 K runa - a3 * have found lt to b *
Tlie Peruna Medicine Co.: ! gC Jl L 1&lM L N^ 1. M. the best Temedy t0T ca.taxriinl
/-<« n »i. m <.«. «t ?.w«i.«.,,..'-'-i '¦ ¦«jnii m '^f 0 *' x^^ <-Bk ! complaints that I have ever
in SS"to S miSS of S V ¦ S Utt£iK\~'':i& } I have tried most all of
Peruria y I have taken on! #»/^I P^ *• J^^PZ^h ** « I T\T%* tne -o-caUed catarrh remedies
botue fo r my h ca e tarrh and! . COLDS f^?^!?S«l GRI PFE f^ertised, and can conscien-
feel very much benefited. To V#%f>ofc^-4^ h 4T-«tt-* VEi* H * X S * " *¦ tlous1 / *"* that 4 °f ,*" tho
those who are afflicted with- _ .*. J A ,» Vl^S *~*,*,^ remedies for catarrhal corn-
catarrh and in need of a good 'A WMPQfSUD pIalnt v rec ?f nmen
I ¦ i <^"Ku"^i|p|ij|MnvAi\Ou »™ t ° e(! oc <*"*>* wherever
Major Robert L. Longstreet. H S f7PN FdJ^ Vl/HTZ&F CJ3 *• 1 ?»« «'•»»»•» .......!
who served on the staff of g SS VJl^l V» -JL/Iv VV IICCL^LZIS. g. H
General Lee, General Francis B fc ~ ~e~F% ' T~» — • 7^ 1 Hon. Thomas Gahan of Chi-
V. Greene, General Arnold of I S &GVS Of "CHHffi! if f. 1O111 SGIl a I B cago, member of the National
the Regulars, and General -H S . . >, tt i - n ' * • • 2 a Committee of the Democratic
Williston, in the late war with ; I 3= QtOTS 25UlIlV<S17 ? K03.CllB.TlU % 1 Party, writes as follows: j
Spain,*. is the son of the great - ¦ • B § : • A/f^D*.**-. •» * ' i* -• • -v »- .-¦•'¦ • te I "* ' was afflicted with catarrh
ex-Confederate. General. MaJ. • -^ JrlCCIlGry lll'lflGlr gOOOOpltl" if: g for fourteen years and. though
Longstreet was i mustered - out "., z :**+%*€ D**»*.*m** *.<**>** *f£~~i.:..~ K !~ I tried many remedies and ap-
in June, and he is now in $ lOTl OI fGrunU. ttS effl. GIIcCttVQ & B^ -plied to several doctors-:! wag
.Washington' trying to get rid • S r>tr+nrr>h i»f>mfxrlxr' 9 * ' *P B— able to find a cure — Flnal-
of the pernicious malarial fe- S^illailU rCUlCUy* *fc ri ly I learned' of the remedy,
ver which he contracted -'• in. 5 • ' •'**.- : -* f. '¦¦'•. '.*¦ "i- '¦'."¦ S a '¦¦ Pernna, througrh a.' friend who
Cuba., He found Peruna of '&JS3i^JMw$syjM*Kami i '>*'~.**^^B*^-*i-*.~' jr 3 '^X H ha(^ use( l '*• , I took Peruna
benefit on his return 'to the Ws>~"" '' <l '' i '^~"^' y ' f -' '¦" " ±rW'V$&ffiW^i£a£. 1 ioT twent >'" two weeks, and am.
United States, and says the Sfcig^ /K?^ys£W&C&&£ 8 ' novr entirelv cured. I havo
following in regard to tho R . A v/ ','¦ 'M&?@W~z&z h every reason to think my
great catarrh cure and tonic: H sSo ' J$W &£'^~^^M^^^ 3 ha^been'^'ear 60 ! cne V as l 5
Cuban climate, and find it |j , Jnsr \ cure w^ en a11 othej- rem-
Miss Jennie Johnson, Vice K $kJs& 4& Vr j*rs~*£z^$fywsVrZ- *} „ •„
President Chicago Teachers' B ¥&j? Wy AX * J^&isg^v/y&$i£ % » \ \r B^ ac^ tt> 8 SabIa
Federation. 3118 Lake Park H W ™ S&\¥$%W$3IS 1 "/"IVe beVS^reaifn-'m^i
avenue. Chicago. 111... writes: § « ¦ /^ \ for caterrh^or ™bo?t B fSSffi-!
"Among the" different reme- H A \gr\ 9\ < *^wWj&Jfr25xs& W f o ur years. During that time
dies I have tried when in need KPA raV W >*«j«jv- Vjyy^^^^ 3 I-. have used many different
of a tonic none have helped HJ&A \f - w * 'j&^&86i'' '/w/y r ®z§5££25 : S kinds of medicine, but slnca
me more than Peruna. • I find M^\ ¦ ..,.-¦ Af \S V //jJ&gSBZSg. a using your medicines I find
it especially helpful in cases Id M ' ' / A&Z&~5sZ2Z' H them fa^ superior in every
of catarrh of the stomach; it HteC* KA B*/ '/fil^S^ M respect. The tonic effect of
restores the functions of na- hrar\ jii. \§§k // /^==Z%Z£ZriBZZ- f| Peruna on me is truly won-
ture. induces sleep and build3 gf : 355j\ Js>& /S^^^^^^^- n3 derful. My wife uses an<l
up the entire system.". • G^ JtsT /&*¥'¦^^EC&Z&ZPZZ- Q recommends Peruna."— F E
Catarrh of the pelvic organs ij -gEvA jEmA ¦ JjJrZ^^^^r^^^^ *\ Brackett. *
Is the bane of womankind. H lA <§r\g\ Jl&r —^^SESzSzZ-ZZZ- R Few stop to realize In how
Most cases of backache are g §»; \\ 1^ JT&T - J=r^^^^^S' M many ways catarrh can offect
caused by catarrh of the kid- g X3l ¦ \£&& /Q$r -=Z%^ffz*Z H the body. Every organ every
neys. Peruna is Just- the H gg y&L ySgr At^ ' --==?"?&££¦ S duct, every passage, ' every
medicine for catarrh of tha • E^ VA ; &jAW ACTl tAA^TZZZ H opening of the human body I=i
ktndeys;, It stimulates the BkS-. V^ ' JKJr Mwl \ liable to catarrh.. Peruna H*
kidneys to ¦ excrete from the BSjgV W.- Jy q. . 7 g- T^^^S: I a n Internal,- systemic catarrnl
blood the - accumulating pol- B ¦€> /ntr O &W« 1 remedy, and acts beneficially
son. It gives vigor to the I&Y^-W '." n^^^SF-^ on aU of the raucous mem-
heart's action and digestive a\VV A^W*^ ' ' V V ' ' "• -' -==ZzZHz5&0*t& branes of the human bodv.
system. Peruna should be -^-^^ jUL^^r—jS^^^i^^ Consequently it is equally ef-
used in all cases of catarrh of ' BlFM l ftiff^*-----^-^ g yirii '*—*-- im^f^*B3uB±c'*B&f\ fectlve to euro catarrh in any
the kidneys. » ¦¦ \&U£3^S^6XS%^mu!tm m^' '-^K; iS^mr^SiSSIif^^r^f^ organ;-
I NORDICA AND THE "EVESfcTT PUN(b &
: A TO THE WfCEYB. ALLEN CO.. ! - ife
,*jj 931-533 MARKET STREET. - _. - 1 *^
•cp Replying to your inquiries regarding Mme. Nordlca's use >
¦p£ of the Everett Piano, 1 will gay that when' the subject of piano 'for SC*
Jl the transcontinental tour came up, Mme. Nordica considered all high- Jy
y, grade makes from the standpoint of accompanying and solo qualities. •¦ /
.*; and after many tests selected the Everett for her use. Hence we °'l
Cb carry a Concert Orand for the concerts, and 4 Mme. Nordica uses an - t/
?g upright Piano in hor private car "Brunnhndc." •' . ¦
Cordially yours. , J>N
Q.t . LOUDONG. CHARLTON, ' %\
l». — '- ¦ WanagerMME. NORDICA; >V'
$ -'Mc*iyc-caAsr-4GEm*&kLord . Cranborne's statement of Friday
which was the result of cable dispatches
exchanged between Lord Pauncefote and
the Foreign Office, is probably the last
word Great Britain will have to say on
the subject, since it will be impossible to
overrate the Irritation expressed in Down-
Ing street at the German publication of
documents relating to the incident, though
implicit belief is expressed that American
opinion .is not to -be influenced' thereby.
Should Lord Lansdowne,«the Foreign Sec-
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The dispute over the
attitude of. the powers toward the United
States prior to the Spanish-American war
continues to take up columns of the Lon
don dallies. Opinion Is much divided as
to the wisdom of Lord Cranborne's course
In making his first statement on the sub
ject in the House of Commons, and since
the later developments the opposition to
further disclosures by the.British Govern
ment has been strengthened into a deter*
mined protest against the revealment of
secret documents relating to the negotia
tions of that period:
London Still Excited.
The United States must Just now feel the
emotion of a young belle who for the first time
has come In contact with the pressing admira
tion of rivals. They are quarreling as to who
ehall enjoy her good graces, and ¦ not merely
over the question as to who shall' insinuate
himself in her favor, but as to who shall prove
having been ever her true, great and only
friend. Dr. von Holleben' a dlspatoh totally
upsets the English stories and, according to
Lord Cranborne's statement, England Is taking
refuge in a disavowal of the personal initiative
of Its Embassador. It is a pitiful spectacle.
The Temps thinks Great Britain is get
ting worsted in the controversy with Ger
many and says: .' ¦'"• . ¦
The English press will admit that the British
Government has undertaken . a '¦ • campaign of
slander in order to make England popular in
the United States. If, however. Dr. von.Hol
leben's dispatch Is correct, the responsibility
for the "conspiracy" against tjie United States
falls on Lord Pauncef ot,' and In this case the
campaign started by England was not only
clumsy and Impotent but slanderous. Lord
Cranborne's reply yesterday seems almost a dis
avowal of Lord Pauncef ote. • .;....
PARIS, Feb. - 15.— The French press - is
following with keen Interest the develop
ments of what Is described here as,"Eng
land's campaign of , calumny'.' against a
European nation In 1 the" Question -of Inter
vention in the Spanish- American war."
The Journal des Debates says: ;
at Things They Could
Tell but Dare Not.
Spanish Diplomats-View the Squab
„ ble With. Amusement and Hint _
Dewey's Victory Said to Have
Changed British Sen
timent.
Paris Editors Comment
on EDglish-German %
Controversy.
FRENCHMEN
DECLARE IT'S
ALL CALUMNY
BELFAST, Feb. 15.— The remains of the
Marquis of Dufferln, who died Wednesday last
were interred this, afternoon at Clandeboye!
There was a large gathering of mourners. The
Duke of Argyll represented King Edward
Central Park West, occupied for many
years by Durland's Riding Academy, was
destroyed, and its neighbor, the Polllon
apartment house, slightly damaged to
day by a fire that threatened for a time
to prove more destructive. The first fire
men to attack the burning building were
caught in a "back draught" and several
were badly hurt. Robert Manning was
seriously injured. The old academy was
built fifteen years ago by Boston cap
italists at a cost of $100,000.
Fire Destroys Costly Building.
JEW YORK, Feb. 15.— The building on
Promoter Will Be Arrested.
'ST. LOUIS, Feb. 15.— Robert M. Snyder
of New York has been indicted for:bri
bery by the Federal February Grand
Jury, which is investigating municipal ir
regularities, and this afternoon a bench
warrant was issued for his arrest and
turned over to Sheriff Dlckman to serve.
Snyder Is the promoter who pushed the
Central Traction bill through the Mu
nicipal Assembly. He Is prominent both
socially and In a business way in Kan
sas City, and is well known in St. Louis,
Chicago and New York financial circles.
Secret Conference in Berlin.
BERLIN, Feb. 15^-There was a secret
conference of the Ministers of State at
the Imperial Chancellor's palace this aft
ernoon under the presidency of the Chan
cellor, Count von Bulow. In some quar
ters it was supposed that the conference
was connected with the troubles in the
tariff committee of the Reichstag, which
resulted yesterday In the resignation of
its chairman. Baron von Kardorff, one of
the Agrarian leaders. ~ \ ¦
- — -— — . :.-:¦
ROME, Feb. 13.— Th© Pope has cabled
to President Roosevelt expressing hope
for the speedy recovery of the latter*s
son. ' • ."' '
GROTON, -Mass.. Feb. 15.— The latest
reports from the rooms of the three sick
students are favorable. Mrs.* Roosevelt
stated this afternoon that her son was
doing splendidly and that they were all
extremely gratified with his improvement.
The Potter and Gammell lads are also
gaining, although their convalescence is
not so rapid as in young Roosevelt's case.
Should no new complications arise, it
is Mrs. Roosevelt's belief that she will
be able to take her son to Washington
some time next week. Miss Alice Roose
velt arrived at Groton this afternoon, ac
companied by the steward of the White
House; She was driven to the infirmary
of the school, . where she met her mother
and Teddy. /• ¦ '
Mother and sister remained by the sick
boy's bedside during nearly the entire
afternoon and evening, leaving shortly
before 9 o'clock for the residence of Dr.
Gardner, their home while in Qroton.
There is every reason to believe the pa
tient will pass a comfortable night.
A medical review of young Roosevelt's
case shows that the boy became ill as
the result of cooling off suddenly after
violent exercise. The first diagnosis
showed acute lobar pneumonia on both
lungs, the left lung being the most
seriously involved. The left lung soon be
came entirely affected and the right con
gested. It was a typical case of double
pneumonia.
Dr. Lambert, upon his arrival last Mon
day, found the lad seriously 111 with
pulse 120 and temperature 105 and the
case had become complicated with acute
pleuritls. The administration of oxygen
was deemed necessary. This greatly re
lieved the patient. The second stage of
the disease found the heart ineffective,
but oxygen and powerful stimulants had
the desired effect, and on Tuesday tHe
temperature dropped. On Wednesday the
oxygen was discontinued. The third stage
was entered with the vitality of the pa
tient not greatly impaired. The heart
gained in strength and the improvement
was very steady.
Young Theodore .Now Re
ported to Be Improving,
Rapidly.
Pontiff Solicitous as to
President's Son's
Health.;
POPE CABLES
TO ROOSEVELT
•ST. LOUIS r Feb. 13.— As a result of a
feud between "West ' End boys, "Willie
Ledger, 16 years old, was shot and killed
last night ¦ by Fretwill Shock, a 10-year
old lad,, in . knickerbockers. . Shock {3 a
prisoner at the. mounted district station.
He admits that he killed Ledger, but says
he shot at one of Ledger's companions In
self-defense.
"That fellqw had me down and tha gang
of them would have beat me> to death &
I hadn't shot.'." said Shock.
The boys of both factions are the sons
of well-to-do and respectable parents.
Ten- Year-Old Lad Shoots and Kills
a Youngster in. a
Feud.
BATTLE A2TON-Q BOYS
bestji/ts nr tbagedy
The Lord Chief Justice thus confirmed
the previous Judgment in the case, where
by it was declared that Viscount Hinton,
under a family settlement entered Into In
1853, was debarred from claiming 1 the
property in dispute. T-. ¦
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The Lord Chief Jus
\tlce, Baron Alverstone, refused to-day to
reopen the case of Poulett versus Poulett,
In which Viscount Hlnton, who at one
time played an "organ in the streets of
London, sought to oust his stepbrother,
the youthful Earl Poulett, from the fam
ily estates.
Legal Affair in Which Organ-Qrind-
ing Viscount. Is Involved Is
Closed.
LOBD CHIEF. JUSTICE
SETTLES NOTED CASE
.GUTHRIE, ,O; T.;. Feb. v 15.— A heavy
guard was thrown around the County Jail
of County* to-night " to protect
Adolphiis Trumley from a mob. ; At Geary
Trumley > shot and • killed W. H. , Patrick.
Trumley. alleges that Patrick "was .'inti
mate-with his, wife and took this method
of j squaring • accounts. * - • .- r
Guards Protect a Prisoner.
This "allegation of the suppression" of
Spain's ' submission is also discussed at
length In English official circles, where It
is declared that unless a satisfactory ex
planation is forthcoming the incident will
be handed down to history as a repetition
of Prince Bismarck's, action in regard to
the Ems dispatch. .
There are indications that pour parleurs
have . recently been exchanged between
some of the European powers regarding
the Philippines, exactly for what purpose
or with what prospect of materializing
into definite action ; it Is . impossible at
present -to say. However, there has re
cently been a keen recrudescence of inter
est In: Downing/ street and at other chan
cellories in the changes prevailing -in the
Philippines and the attitude of the United
States toward those islands. "Whether
this has any connection with the "Anglo-
Japanese treaty Is only a matter for sur
mise, but that an important International
under-current exists in regard to the prob
able future status of those islands is un
deniable.' -¦'"• ¦¦-¦¦•¦•. ¦;-{¦¦ ..-.••¦- ' -• ¦¦. .
BERLIN, Feb. 15.— After Lord Cran
borne's repeated statements on the | sub
ject in the British House of. Commons, it
is generally recognized here In the press
that the > British Government was not
privy to Lord Pauncef ote's action' of April
14, -1898.. German Government circles are
now willing to concede this, though em
phasizing the Impossibility of Germany
knowing that Lord Pauncef ote acted
without instructions - from his Govern
ment, it being against all diplomatic pre
cedents for. an Embassador to - make so
Important a proposition without instruc
tions. The explanation that Lord Paunce
fote acted in behalf of Dr. Hegel Mueller,
the Austrian Minister, while not' rejected
absolutely is not regarded as exposing Dr.
von Holleben to blame for a misconcep
tion, since Lord Pauncef ote gave no inti
mation in the conference that he was sub
mitting another speech on the proposition,
and the impression made on the Embas
sadors uniformly was that It was submit
ted on Lord Pauncef ote's initiative.- Ho w
¦ ever, there Is no disposition here to keep
the controversy! alive,, since, it Is proved
that Germany , took no * unfriendly. . step
against the United States. :;
\i Surprise Is expressed at -the" fact that
some of the English newspapers affect to
believe that the Reichsanzeiger .¦ publica
tion . of the Von I Holleben I correspondence*
occurred without the Emperor's approval,
whereas everybody familiar with German
press matters. must know that the publi
cation of such documents in the organ re
quires his Majesty's express orders. Much
satisfaction ¦ is expressed here at the fact
that the American press now recognizes
Germany's ; friendly attitude at a critical
moment. : , .
Bismarckian Action Again.
We view the squabble with considerable
amusement, but have no intention of putting
in an oar. Should we say all we know our re
lations with | several of the European powers,
which are now quite satisfaot- — • might be se
riously Impaired. Moreover, we are not in the
habit of breaking: the- hard and fast laws of
diplomatic secrecy. We are naturally pleased,
however, that the affair has brought ¦ out tha
fact that we practically gave in to all the con
ditions demanded by the United Stafcs and that
our submission, on which the Ambassadors de
liberated April 14, 1898, was suppressed.
Among the diplomats in London the con
troversy is generally regarded as offset
ting the benefits which had been private
ly termed "England's coup in China."
An influential member qC the Spanish dip
lomatic service, who is now here, said:
What the Saturday Review now terms
Lord Cranborne's "indiscretion" would
doubtless have brought upon the Govern
ment severe criticism had not the Anglo-
Japanese treaty diverted public attention
and had not ' the alliance been generally
regarded as a great stroke of diplomacy.'
As it is, the dispute has served to strain
to a really serious point the relations be
tween Great Britain and Germany, which
were none too harmonious prior to* the
first question on the subject asked by
Henry Norman in the House of Com
mons. ••¦ % •
After Dewey's victory Lord Salisbury
took the almost unprecedented step of
communicating .with the editors 'of- the
leading Conservative dallies, urging them
to desist from criticism of the United
States, pointing out how vital It was to
Great Britain's interest that the side of
the United States and not that of Spain
should be advocated in the English press.
As a result public opinion was reversed
and the Government was thoroughly sup
ported in Its efforts to strain Its neutral
ity to the point of helping the United
States. - .. . - . ;
Salisbury Calls a Halt.
Among the Americans resident in Lon
don during the month of May, 1898, it is
recalled, however, that an intense pro-
Spanish feeling existed on many sides,
especially in society, where women con
nected with Government officials appeared
wearing the Spanish j colors. In this and
many other ways London became at that
period none too comfortable a dwelling
place for Americans, for the press teemed
with anti-American editorials. The ces
sation of the latter was due to a remark
able occurrence." • :
Privately, I the Foreign Office officials
declare that Lord Cranoorne's two replies,
especially his answer to the ilrst note, ef
fectually Establish Great Britain's atti
tude, even if Lord Pauncef ote is charged
with secretly combining against the Unit
ed States, which is Indignantly declared to
be an utterly absurd suggestion.
retary, make a' more explicit statement
regarding the dispute it would not bring
matters much more forward, for the For
eign Office has no record of the delibera
tions at the diplomatic meeting held in
Washington April 14, 1898, and Great Brit
ain's contentions would thus be only
strengthened to the extent of the reliance
placed on Lord Lansdowne's word, as
against the allegations of the German
officials. V
Dr. Mueller is . supported by weaJthy
Boer ¦ sympathizers in Europe, and has
great \ hopes regarding the result of his
mission. - - . ' * - - . -
(THE HAGUE, Feb. 15.— The members of
the Eoer delegation have left The Hague,
but* have not announced their destination.
It is rumored that they have started for
the United States. .
--Besides " reorganizing /the Boer propa
ganda in the United States Dr. Mueiler
will direct his efforts principally to ob
taining. Government prohibition of the ex
portation of articles regarded < by the
Boers' as contraband of war, thus indi
rectly ¦:¦. eliciting an opinion: on the war
fronvthe United States Government.
.'- According 'to Information from respon
sible \Boer« quarters Kruger's letter to
President Roosevelt, of which Dr. Mueller
is . the bearer, does not appeal for Inter
vention, but regret that he is
unable at present to personally congratu
late President Koosevelt on his entrance
to office, "and concludes with a gratified
allusion to I the numerous invitations to
visit the "great -republic which have ar
rived and are still arriving.
BRUSSELS, Feb. 15.— It is said the de
sire' to . keep secret the departure of Dr.
Mueller, the former Consul of ths Orange
Free . State in Holland, for the United
States . was so keen > that the Boer emis
sary'booked .'his' passage under an as
sumed name. - '
Dr. Mueller Is Said to Have
Sailed Under an Assumed
'' Name.
Letters to Roosevelt
Contain Expressions
/ of Regret.
KRUGER SEEKS
NO INTERVENTION
Second lieutenants of cavalry— Edgar N.
Coffee, Mississippi; Raymond E. Enslow,
Kansas.
Second lieutenants of artillery— Terry C.
Bunker, California: John B. . Coray, Min
nesota; William E. Desebre, Wisconsin;
Ralph E. Herring, Minnesota; John Fnll
peck, New Hampshire; Rex Van Dencor
put, Georgia; Lorln L. Lawson, at large;
Joseph E. Myers, at large.
Second lieutenants of Infantry— Louis B.
Chandler, at large; Martin Novak, at
large; Sidney Smith. Louisiana; John W.
Ward, Arkansas;. S. P.' Herren, sergeant
Eighteenth Infantry; O. E. "Michael,
Eighth Infantry; James W. Everington,
Minnesota: Andrew J. . Linsey, Missouri*
Walter C. Sport, Illinois; Edwin P.
Thompson, at large.
Assistant surgeons, with rank of cap
tain—Herbert McConahy, Kentucky:
James E. Mead, Michigan.
Navy— Lieutenant Commander Henrv
McCrea, commander; W. E. Grlfferi,
Michigan, assistant surgeon, with rank of
eutenant junior grade.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.-Th e President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Alpheus P. Hansen, Surveyor General,
Wyoming, reappointment.
Army— Captain, cavalry— First Lieuten
ant Leroy Eltinge, Sixth Cavalry. .
First lieutenants of artillery— O. G. Bun
ker. Minnesota; Hiram E. Mitchell, at
large; Leonard Waldron. New York, Phil
ip Yost, Ohio. . ¦
a dumber Appointed at
Large.
Men in Two Services Promoted and
OFFICERS ADVANCED
BY THE PEESTDENT
The burgomaster, who is president of
the arbitration tribunal, announced that
It had been decided to comply with the
demands of the striking stokers.
The Government has applied a special
regime to the Trieste district and has
suspended the ordinary civil rights. The
announcement that it had been decided, to
concede the demands of the strikers had
a tranquillizing effect this evening. The
total number of persons killed Is six and
a score were injured.
Three of the rioters were killed and
four wounded. The street lamps have
been broken off and the gas has been Ig
nited. The police and troops are pelted
from the house tops with tiles and slate.
A number of those who were wounded
•when the troops on the Plaza Grande
fired a volley Into a mob yesterday have
since died.
Many black flags were flying thTS after
noon and mobs paraded the streets,
smashing the windows of those who did
not display mourning. The result was
that there were repeated encounters be
tween the rioters, soldiers and police and
many arrests were made.
One detachment of troops which was
attacked retaliated by firing on the mob.
TRIESTE. Austria, Feb. 15.— Crowds
thronged the streets this morning, but
military patrols keep the strikers and
public generally moving. All the squares
and public buildings are occupied by sol
diers and large contingents of the mili
tary forces are in readiness for immedi
ate action. Business is suspended.
The Agrarians, In discussing the amend
ment, showed their usual antl- American
animus. Count von Kanltz, the Agrarian
leader, again argued that the United
States could not afford a tariff war with
Germany, saying it would be "downright
suicide," owing to the heavy excess of
American exports to Germany. The Vos
sische Zeitung answers this assertion by
showing that the immense German Im
ports of raw material from the United
States are not necessary.
The trial of officers of the Trebor-
Trocknung (grain buying) 'Company of
Cassel caused a very great sensation. The
newspapers filled many columns with de
tails of the trial, which , brought out the
history of the company's meteoric career,
showing it to have been " a gigantic
swindle from - the beginning, though Di
rector Schmidt succeeded in deceiving the
board of overseers until the crash came.
They regarded him as a financial genius
and trusted him completely while distrib
uting 50 per cent dividends from fictitious
proiits, practicing: wholesale operations in'
financial bills, hoodwinking the Lelpzei
ger Bank and his own overseers and mak
ing Unmense advances. The evidence In
dicated that the company never earned
an honest dividend and it was a humbug
throughout.
The amendment adopted yesterday fix
ing January 1, 1905, for definitely putting
the new tariff law in force is a step of
the Agrarians and is Intensely embarrass
ing for the Government, since it Is not
certain when the treaty negotiations can
be concluded, and"' the amendment Is
plainly designed to compel the Govern
ment to Invite tariff wars through denun
ciation of the present treaties before new
ones are concluded.
BERLIN, Feb. 15.— The prospects of the
tariff bill grow more dismal. The major
ity of the committee continues to vote
amendments against the warnings of the
Government. The amendment providing
for the abolition of the municipal
octroi duties, still in vogue in some towns,
received \ an overwhelming ¦ majority j of
votes after the . Imperial Secretary of
State for the Interior, Count von Posa
dowsky-Wehner, had announced that It
was contrary to the constitution and that
constitutional revision was necessary be
fore the abolition of those duties could be
effected.
RIOTERS DEFY
THE SOLDIERY
BILL MAY DIE
OF "AMENDAMENT"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16; 1902.
BY CABLE TO: THE CALL.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF-EUROPE
19
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SECBETS EXPOSED IN A FREE BOOK
A Strange and Magic Art That
firings Fame, Riches and
Amusement to AH Who
t Learn It.
FUN,'M0NEY
AND MYSTERY
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IT MUST COME.
As inevitable as the changing seasons of
the year is the change which comes to
every woman. And just as one antici-
pates the changes of other seasons it la
v rv * aCVv ' wise to anticipate
p^^tjW^^sr tMjk change of sea-
\ *^Jj) jfeli*^\ ?° T * L ' an d prepare 'or
AyJv/^SpSSsfil^N it. In this way the
l discomforts and
Aw£m*VB$s3&.M j disasters suffered
Vi Iwiiffir^^vV^y/ manv ' wom en at
TiMflr^K dird the P er * O( l °^
I l/Sw \^A ctfanee can be
J /kMj x|( u5 avo^ e^ or over-
I (fftff 1 »^\ r# Pierce ' 8 Fa *
V vi$X I }g) ) vor ite Pfescription,
V^ms!* I /Ml * medicine for
f fjjjpC \ vH every season of
/ [B/'i&g? \ \« woman's life, will
I 17 lift entirely meet the
I '![ V JBl needs of women at
' \ \\ \]*f3 change. It cures
Aft " e physical ills
\ \\ }£§ and relieves the
\ L j aBe^' ' «8( mental anxiety and
¦ ¦. J depression usually
associated with this critical period. It/
tranquilizes the nerves, encourages • the
appetite and induces refreshing sleep.
J, S. Carlisle, Esq., of Manchester, Coffee Co.,
Tenn:. writes : "I nave been using your medi-
cines for the last sixteen or eighteen years in
my Poor-house.. I am superintendent of the
Coffee County Poor-house and Asylum combined.
Your ' Favorite Prescription,' 'Golden Medical
Discovery* and 'Pleasant Pellets 1 are the best
medicines for the diseases for which they are
recommended, that I ever used. They caved
my wife's life at the time of.' change of life.' I.'
have been recommending your medicine to
many afflicted women and have also guaranteed
that if. it did not cure I would pay back the
money spent for it I have told our druggist
that; if tha peoyle came back and said Doctor
Pierce's medicines did not give satisfaction, to
give them b&ck their money and charge it to me.
I have not once been called upon to refund. .- 1
have never found anything to equal the' Favorite
Prescription • for diseases of women." ¦ ,; ; •
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay .expense of mailing only. Send
31 one-cent stamps for the paper covered
book, or 31 stamps for the cloth bound.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. :
Radway'a
Pilli
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. . Causes
perfect - digestion, complete . ¦ absorption 1 and
healthful regularity. . ¦ ¦ • ¦ .
• Tor the cure of air disorders of the Stomach
Liver. ' Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-'
ettpation. Piles and all derangement* ' of the
Internal Viscera. 25e a box. ' At Druggists, or
by mail. BADWAY & CO.. New.York.-
Tlie Gypsy.
KNOW YOUR FATE.
No one has ever been oa the Pacific Coast
who has created so much Interest in PALM-
ISTRY and CI*A.IRVOYANCY aa ISMAR. the
celebrated Egyptian.
This remarkable woman, whoee career has
been one of success. Is gifted by nature with
a power that approaches the miraculous.
lemar is acknowledged by the press and pub-
lic wherever che has been to be the marvel of
the century, a prophet of world- wide repute;
ehe Is recommended by every one of her pa-
troni; her advice ia Infallible, convlncln* and
b*yond dispute; her powers excite the wonder
and admiration of «ven the most skeptical.'
Through her remarkable development of sec-
ond eight and her thorough knowledge of many
•clences peculiar to the people of the Orient.
ehe is enabled to penetrate the web of human
life: it matters not what your belief may be or
what your experience with mediums and palm-
ists might have been. Ismar will convince you
that the past, present and future can be told;
the troubled and unfortunate ehould seek b«r
aid and start aright.
What Ismar has done for others she !¦ able
to do for you. AH her reading* are strictly
private and confidential. Her hours of consul-
tation are daily 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sunday,
from 10 to 12 m. Orflce. 11*8 Market street,
opposite Sixth.
lEmar*B readlnei by mall are fully as satisfac-
tory b» those given in person; three Questions
Vjswered. fl: fuU IKe reading, $5. Bend date
and year of blrtr • .,
Would you like to be able to exert a strange
and magic power over, others? Do you desire
to possess 'an accomplishment by which, you
can make both funapd money ?^ If so, you
should become a Hypnotist. You can now mas-
ter this wonderful, mysterious and fascinating
science free of cost at your own home. "By. a
few hours' , study you can learn all about \ ths
secr«ts,~ methods, uses and wonders of the hyp-
notic trance. You can surprise and mystify all
your friends by placing any one you wish under
this weird and magic spell and compel them to
see, think, feel and act precisely as ¦ you wish.
You can sway the minds of others, perform the
most wonderful and astounding feats and create
fun and amusement for hours at a time." You
can do a thousand amazing things that other
people cannot do and make yourself famous In
a week's time. If you want to MAKE MONEY
you can do eo by siviag entertainments,- curing
disease or teaching the art to . others. These
are three sure and easy ways to win a fortune.
Why be poor? "Why work for others when you
can -master . this ¦ money-making profession . bo
easily? Investigate NOW.; It costs nothing to
find out all about It. Professor Harraden, the
world-renowned > hypnotist, has issued a large
and elegant FREE BOOK entitled "A Key to
the Mysteries of Hypnotism," and anybody can
get a copy of it without one cent of cost merely
for the asking. Slmply^eend for it by letter or
postal and it will be srfht you free and prepaid
by return mail. > It Is the < most beautiful, in-
teresting and valuable book ever published. - It
contains hundreds I of j beautiful I pictures I and I la
a ¦ marvel of elegance -- and ' splendor. . The ; cover
in a gem of art and the printing and other. fea-
tures simply perfect. Best of all,, this charming
book tells you Just how to become a Hypnotist.
Every, secret and mystery -is here explained in
the simplest language | and you : are ' amazed to
find I that I you ¦ can i master all . these I powers
yourself and wield the subtle forces of mind as
well as any operator in the land.; You are also
shown how you may heal the sick, '. relieve pain,
cure bad habits, give sleep to the restless and
comfort to • the sorrowing. ¦ And - for ' yourself .
as this free Book shows, you can win promo-
tion.' social ¦ and business standing,* Increase of
trade," the Influence, friendship or love you most
desire, and, in short, all that Is needed to make
you i rich, esteemed and •* happy as long ( as life
lasts. " This book also treats , fully on 1 Personal
Magnetism, Magnetic Healing and kindred sub-
jects. 1 and : how < to CURE YOURSELF of any
pain, , ache or i disease. . In spite ¦ of its great
value and precious contents this book is free to
you — free as any gift. ever, held; out by a gen-
erous hand.- There is no cost," no charges what-
ever. ' Simpls write for it and it will be Bent by
next mall.- all . charges paid. ,- Don' t > send any
money, not even a stamp; but send your name
and address TO-DAY. ' PROF. L. A. HARRA-
DEN, . Dept. ' H, JACKSON, • MIeh. . "
j . .'-• ... Baa Francises 6oadar» 18 February* tOOX .
A A " A *
ivrore m
parlor furniture
A few words will explain the situation
thoroughly.
I Our buyers have just returned from the
Eastern furniture expositions. According to
their memorandums of goods purchased,
there is almost enough new parlor furniture g§
j en route to fill half of an entire floor with the -
sample line alone.
v As our parlor floor Is now crowded to :
the very extreme, It Is obvious we must
make room— and quickly. .V
Hence substantial reductions on some- '1
. thing like a hundred upholstered pieces, inJT'
eluding divans, reception chairs, arm chairs,
davenports, rockers, etc •
I. This little event will only last a few
\ days because the number of pieces reduced
is limited, so come as soon as you can.
Here are a few hints of the reductions :
' -" $60.00 Divan reduced to $36.00. '• •'
$50.00 Divan reduced to $20.00.
$60.00 Sofa reMuced to $20.00. —
\ $60.00 Divan reduced to $30.00.
$32.00 Ann Chair reduced to $20.00.
$14.00 Divan reduced to $0.75.
! $16.00 Corner Chair reduced- to $10.50.
$13.50 Rocker reduced to $9.50.
j $11.00 Reception Chair reduced to $5.50.
j ; j $10.00 Arm Chair reduced to $7-50. •
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
lEAKKMEYSAND
BLADDER TROUBLE
Had to Pass Water Very Often Day and Night.
Cured by the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp Root. 1
DR. KILMER & CO., Blnghamton, N. T. "* '
• About two years ago I had a very severe case of kidney and bladder trouble*.
The pain in the small of my back was so severe that I could not stand it to stay In
one position more than a moment or two, and was obliged to pass water very
often day and night. I tried medicines and doctors without getting relief. Noticing
an advertisement In the Topeka State, Journal of Swamp-Root, ,1 determined to
- give it a trial, and bought a bottle. By the time I had finished the first bottle the
'' pain had entirely disappeared from my back. The pain and frequent desire to
pass water ceased. However, I continued to take the medicine, using about six
bottles in all. That was over a year ago, and I have had no return of the trouble
since. , ¦
¦-a." H .Noone*.) ..'* V~ A // AS*
Chief Engineer, State Si ShH Jy * •. i
Capitol Bulletins. '2 Sr~h^^ / ]/ * S A />— "7>— > f>
Topeka. Kans. £/ \f 0 / V " C/(Jy7J&C^
Jan. 2nd. 1902 jT
"Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, therefore when through neglect or other causes kidney
-trouble Is permitted to continue, fatal results are sure to follow. .
We often see a relative, a friend or an acquaintance apparently well, but In a
few days we may be grieved to learn of their severe illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trouble— Bright's Disease. f.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and bladder
, remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Is soon realized. It stands the highest for Its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. A, trial will convince any one— and
you may have a sample bottle sent free by mall.
Sample Bottle of Swamp Root Free by Mail.
;- EDITORIAL NOTE— Swamp-Root has been tested in so many ways, and has
proven so successful In every case, that a special arrangement has been made by
which all readers of The Call wh» have not already tried it may have a samplo
bottle sent absolutely free by mall. Also a book telling all about Swamp-Root.
¦- ¦ and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
«. ceived from men and women who owe their good health, in. fact, their very lives,
to the wonderful curative properties of Swamp-Root. In writing be sure and men-
tion reading this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call when Bending
your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton, N. Y.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need you can pur-
chase the regular 50-cent and $1 size bottles at the drugstores everywhere. Don't
make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp*
-Root, and the address, Blnghamton, N. Y.
' Jp -.The Owl's iJIPfi
# i s to re news \
. Hnj The strongest list of specials we have published for many
//If,' weeks past. If you can't come, telephone— if you can't ' \3L
,m 'phone, write. But by all means take advantage of these pricei. jto
A/// Such drag-buying opportunities seldom occur. Open night and day. \ I
H Raymond's Complexion Beeman's Pepsin Chewing !
m Cream 25c Gum 2 for 5c '*
I . Generally tells at 50c— Owl'i rejular Sells ererywhere for jc ¦ V
R a-:*- r»*t« an Whisk Brooms 10c
Hj mil Id V*ream OUC . y oa W0U ld con»lder ties ft b*rgtta •
ffl Regular 50c bottle*— oar repalar price at 15c I' >
\p Pabs? Best Tonic 20c Wash Rags 5c J
1ft fh' i$ m ld <i02ea - 1Sc * bottle * m " ' j Poc t k a in C d UP " CT v * r * J|
ml , Porous Plasters • 5c Calder's Dentine 2 for 25c J i
yju(. . Yoa always pay a dime, eren at the Owl Regular 15c bottle*— out reg. 15c bott!« fflj
\\v^ ' Owl'i regular price jjc Erery wceic but thi* tie price b 75a /$//
V\%? ¦ Jtgcnts for the Fulton Remedies ' />/lf
\^\ . - f Qr Bright"* Disease and Diabetes J%J/ '"' 1
.WA^— Br»«dw«jf t> lOlh St.. Oahland mil ¦ i
ATWRTtTTCTrM KNTHi
ISMAB.Bessie Hall passed here as Hall's sister,
but after her , arrest lt was found that
she was the wife of D. E. Grosh, an en
gineer on the Santa Fe, whom she had
deserted to so with Hall. Z
Hall's attorneys fought every step 'n
the suit and kept the trial before the
court for nearly a month. This morning
motions for a new trial and for a stay
of proceedings Were denied and the sen
tence fixed. It is ordered that Hall be
taken to Folsom penitentiary and the
woman to San Quentln. , .' - -
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 15.— Judge Torrance
of the -Superior Court to-day sentenced
H. R. Hall and his partner in crime. Belle
Grosh, who was Indicted under the name
of Bessie Hall, to serve - ten years each
in the penitentiary. They were found
guilty of grand larceny, in having broken
open baggage at the Santa Fe depot,
where Hall was the night operator. From
the trunk of Mrs. W. H. H. Stowell, wife
u r . a New York Senator, who was stop
ping at the Coronado Hotel, they , took
diamonds of a value of $2000, which were
easily traced to them. ,
in a Bailroad Depot Receive
Sentences.
Man and 'Woman Who Robbed Trunks
TEN" YEARS FOB HALL
* AND PAIR ACCOMPLICE
I. H. Cammack, acting principal of tho
training school, has been doing all ln his
power to obtain for the unfortunates such
immediate relief as can be got from citi
zens of Los Angeles. The result is that
the missionaries will return with a wagon
load of provisions and clothing and some
money, but these will be wholly inade
quate to the needs of the Indians. . An
effort will be made to arouse more inter
est and obtain further help, in order that
the Indians may not be left in utter des
titution while they are waiting for Bishop
Joseph Johnson of the Episcopal church
to plead their cause in Washington, D. C.
Some time- ago • these missionaries, who
are connected j| with, the ; Boyle Heights
Training' School for Christian Workers,
went up into the mountains to preach to
the Indians. They traveled in their "gos
pel wagon" and penetrated' to ;. some of
the most distant points of the mountains.
Such abject distress was found, they say,
that they abandoned the attempt at gos
pel preaching for the * present, and re
turned to seek relief for the physical
needs of the unfortunate S natives, who
are said to be slowly starving to death
within the reach of civilization.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 15.-Mr. and Mrs.'
Herbert Johnson and Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Sharpless, missionaries, -are prepar
ing: to make a second trip to the moun
tains of San Diego and ¦ Riverside counties
to carry relief to- the Btarving Indians.
Southern • California In
dians Are; Dying of
Starvation.
GAUNT FAMINE
IN THE TEPEES
-v ALBANY, ' s, Feb.';. 15.— The". Metropolitan
Security; Company, of .J New j York' City,
which, is Ho-! control; the traction- lines of
that i city, t was incorporated to-day, by the
St cretary of State with a capital of $30 -
tH)O,OOO. • ¦ ' .. ..-,..¦ /
Thirty,. Millions • the Capital.
'fTJncle Tom's , Cabin 7 * Barred.
-LITTLE , ROCK; * Feb. 15.— Little * Rock
Memorial-Chapter, '¦ Daughters of the Con
federacy, has adopted a resolution.Indors
ing the. action -taken by the chapter-at
Lexington," Ky.,* in opposition to the play
"Uncle Tom's Cabin." '¦¦¦ r Vv- ¦ y y '
Three Hen ; Plead Guilty ¦ to Save
Themselves; From Terms
•. -':..-- ; ' y '.' : • for Life: •' ~"'-': :
.SOUTH McALESTER, I. T., Feb. 15.-
In the .United j States ; Court ' at Atoka this
morning -.George Brown, .Edward Rich
mond , and Bob Stafford; the Caney, • I T
train" robbers,; were given a sentence o'f
ten .years' ;' imprisonment in " the ' pentten
tiary fc >t,Atlanta,:Ga::. . ; • ¦_. ¦ ¦; " 7 "
¦The three men pleaded 'guilty, other
wise they would i have been -sentenced, to
life imprisonment: ,. Jack . Stafford the
leader of L the robbers, .was given a life
sentence at. the. last term' of ¦. court
ROBBERS OF A TRAIN
-.¦¦; ARE SENT TO PRISOiT
..-/ Mrs.".. Macfarlane Is : 23 . years old. • Im
mediately after the wedding i the couple
accompanied by Frederick w. Macfarlane'
director of the Bank of Hawaii, and'
brother of- the bridegroom, started- on
their honeymoon for the East. They ar
rived In' Chicago Monday. Tuesday the
bridegroom ¦ was taken ill. , - Thursday- he
rallied and his brother left for San Fran
cisco, v-, Friday a change came for the
worse, and this morning • Frederick Mac
farlane .was Informed by wire of his
brother's condition. : He startedat once
: for Chicago - and ia expected , to arrive ¦ on
the overland limited Tuesday morning
He is 48 years old and the owner of the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu and
one of five brothers; Hia family Is one
of the oldest and wealthiest ln the islands
Ten\days ago he was -married in San
Francisco to Florence Balllnger, daugh
ter of a prominent resident of the Golden
Gate city. : : , . .
CHICAGO/ Feb. 15.— Mrs.' Edward Mac
farlane, a bride of ten days, sat at the
bedside of , her ; dying . husband to-night
in. the Auditorium Hotel, while the.broth^
er of the unconscious j patient was speed
ing actoss the , continent 7 from San Fran
cisco, ln an -endeavor to reach Chicago be
fore the end comes. Macfarlane's illness
is pleuro-pnemonla. ; v ¦-,-- ••
Is Dying.
Was Recently Married Sere, '
....,•¦ :. ¦¦ •ya, _ v ¦• . •
Edward Macf arlane of Hawaii, Who
DEATH MAY CONCLUDE
THE BRIEF HONEYMOON
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— The first recital
by Ignace Paderewski since" his'return to
the United States was given at Carnegie
Hall this afternoon. The audience of mu
sic-loveri was: a brilliant one^ana the
famous pianist was given a greaf ovation.
During the progress of the recital- there
were repetitions Of those scenes of-en
thusiasm such as^have been characteris
tic of Paderewski audiences in the past.
Paderewski Gets an Ovation.
Martinez to-night confessed to . Sheriff
Langford' that he is the man wanted by
the Monterey authorities. ¦
A short tfcne ago Martinez appeared at
Morgan Hill in the role of a woodchop
per. . Last week he broke into a house
at that place and stole- a guitar and a
violin. He was arrested on a charge of
burglary.' Martinez claimed he had mere
ly taken the instruments to play at a
dance, and intended to .return them, and
as the owner did not care to prosecute
the charge was reduced to petty larceny.
The man pleaded guilty and was sen
tenced to 120 days in the County Jail.
Martinez served one term in Ban Quen
tln and two in Folsom for grand larceny,
the crimes having- been committed in Tu
lare and Monterey counties. ,
On December 18, 1901. Martinez stole a
horse, saddle , and I bridle from Mariano
Gonzales and made his escape. Ten days
later more horses were stolen in the same
vicinity, and the clews pointed to Mar
tinez. Then the Monterey County officers
discovered evidence that led them to be
lieve Martinez was at the head of a band
which had been stealing • horses from
ranchers in that vicinity for some time.
; SAN JOSE, Feb. 15.-C. Martinez, the
leader of a '*band of horse thieves who
for. the past year .have been preying upon
the ranches of Monterey .'^County, in \ the
vicinity of Salinas and Gonzales. is In the
County Jail here, where yesterday he be
gan a residence of 120 days for petty lar
ceny. '. | The man - ..is an. ex-convict, and
when arrested at -Morgan Hill by Deputy
Sheriff : Madison gave the name of Joe
Martinez. Other aliases used by him are
Jesus Gonzales and Jesus Navajo.
, For two ¦ months the 'officers of Mon
terey County have made a diligent search
for Martinez, buf without ; success. To
day The Call's correspondent Identified
the prisoner,* from a published portrait,
as Martinez. A half-dozen scars made tha
identification complete. .
Syjoial Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Clara Prisoner
Proves to Btf O.
•> Martinez.
MISS VESTA SHORTRIDGE
SEEKS HISTRIONIC HONORS
Friends of the Santa Clara Senator's
Daughter Say She Is Prepar- '
ing for the Stage.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 15.— Miss Vesta Short
ridge, daughter of Senator C. M. Short
ridge, will shortly make her debut on
the stage, so friends of the young lady In
this" city claim. Miss Shortridge is a
graduate of a private educational institu
tion and Is attractive and pretty. For
many months she has been studying elo
cution and of late has been attending a
dramatic school in San Francisco Since
her entry into society she has been much
in demand as an entertainer. Two of the
young lady's aunts. Mrs. Hugo Toland
and Miss Bertha Foltz, daughters of Mrs.
Clara Foltr, have scored successes on the
stage. For the past year Miss Foltz has
been resldine In San Mateo. .
Senator Shortridge denies that his
daughter has stago ambitions.
OUTLAW LEADEH
TENANTS A CELL
Mrs. Coy went to Klamathon and yes
terday a message from that place report
ed her suicide. Coroner Fairchild went. up
at once to hold an inquest.
Charles Sears is reported from the hos
pital to be in a critical condition from the
effect of the blows which he received. It
is believed he will die.
Charles Rhodes and Charles Sears^
young men well known, met In Henley
and quarreled over Mrs. Coy. Pistols were
drawn. and in the fusillade that followed
Se&rs fatally wounded Rhodes. "With
their revolvers emptied the men grappled
and. Rhodes, though dying, struck Sears
two heavy blows on the head with his
pistol. Rhodes expired within five min
utes and Sears, who was badly injured,
was taken; to the county hospital at
Yreka.
% TREKA, Feb. 15.-From Klamathon
comes news of the tragic sequel. to a fatal
duel fought * near here three weeks I ago
for the hand of a woman. Coroner Fair
child has Just concluded an Inquest in
that town over the body of a Mrs. Coy.
It was found that she had ended her life
with a pistol bullet and her act was due,
it is believed, to remorse over the tragedy
resulting from-' the rivalry of two men for
her affections. .
¦ ¦¦' ¦ - ¦ ¦ ' :' • *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Innocent Cause , of Their Quarrel
j| Over the Tragedy /
and Pinally Ends H«r
¦ ¦ TA4t>
One Is Killed and the Other
Wounded in
.the Combat.
Rivals for a Woman's
: Hand Fight to the j
V Death.
FATAL DUEL
IS FOLLOWED
BY A SUICIDE
¦ CHICAGO, Feb. J ¦ 15.— Transcontinental
roads: to-day .announced low; colonist sec
ond-class ; rate tickets i to • be i sold - every
da y during March -. and April for ; Califor
nia: common ;, points, as -r follows: V From
Chicago,' $33; . St." Louisa »0; New Orleans,
$30; Missouri River points, '$25.
Low: Bates for Colonists*.
| SAN;JOSE, : rFeb.' 15.^-Surveys have been
made and ¦ it , is said " the - Southern . Pacific
Railroad ; Company; will erect two mam
moth oil \tank3 at its \ yards' 1 in this cityl
'This is preliminary to the substitution of
... 0 J r coal 'on its locomotives. The tanks
will have a capacity of 54,000 barrels each.
At all the, divisional, headquarters along
the line similar tanks will be placed, > and
at- lesser points ¦' there . . will be • smaller
tanks. -'.^ ..••¦, . ¦-¦¦' t --¦,'¦¦ '¦ . .•:-.-¦•
Oil -Tanks for, the Bailroad.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 15.-Mayor, Schmitz of
San Francisco, who disappilnted a large
labor', meeting.; here two t weeks '- ago by
falling to appear; and address It, s has no
tified the, Federated Trades, Council that
»f it calls upon him again it will not be
disappointed. It Is now proposed to ar
range another, mass-meeting. ; At a meet-
Ing, of the .Federated Trades last : night
the question was brought' up' and a com
mittee-appointed, to make all arrange
ments, y The, meeting, will probably be held
some time next month. . - iy ¦.'¦-
Will Welcome Mayor Schmitz.
The first case manifested itself early In
the week and more than a score of men
are now afflicted. About half a dozen per
sons, in, the, sash and. door . department
were stricken yesterday., and obliged to
take to their bed. . So prevalent is the
epidemic that the big plant is threatened
with a shutdown. . . ...... -
SANTA CLARA, Feb. 15.— A peculiar
epidemic has broken ; out among: the em
ployes of the Pacific Manufacturing* Com
pany f within the past three days. . - It j is
like chills and fever, or perhaps is better
described as grip, but has not yet been
diagnosed. Beside the symptoms of grip
there Is frequently a slight congestion of
the lungs. , v . ¦ ,, ;
Factory Employes as Its
Victims.
Peculiar Ailment Claims a Score of
EPIDEMIC EESEMBLING
GJftIP IN SANTA ; OIiAHA
SALINAS, Feb.'i riK-j. b. I Leonard;
whose home is . believed to have been in
Santa Cruz, and who was known to many
en , tS ?£• ftS vl 9lnity.'-met death . last
night in the Southern Pacific - vards In
San Luis Oblspo." His body 'was > found
beside the rails this ' morning, so badly
mangled that , identification was .impos
sible, but a photograph of Leonard's wife,
found in one of his pockets, supplied the
clew by which the name of- the unfor
tunate man was learned. - ,
< Leonard has been working as a black
smith in Lompoc for several .weeks. De
ciding to return to Santa Cruz he and a
S^ ion resolved to steal a ride on the
k"* d ct ba es a ee,o* Passenger train -No. 0?
££?, °f y or h 3 death > as told by the un
fortunate man's, comrade,, follows •
r*A wu d and myself were stealing a
ObSn«YiS n the K traln neared Sa * &•¦
v?P l£2 Leonard- became alarmed and said
he was going to jump off. as he mignt
be arrested for vagrancy if caught steal
ing a ride. In some manner he lost his
grip and fell under the wheels. As soon
as the train stopped I notified one of the
tra )n crew of what had occurred. We
walked back some distance, but the 'dark,
that Sm V " nted ° Ur flndIn * the i body at
Leonard's companion is being held to
await the inquest, which will be held on
Tuesday The San Luis •¦ Oblspo Count?
w« n * er l not entirely satisfied that the
unfortunate man was not a victim of foul
P la ,y. c The train crews % of No. 0 arid of
freight -No. 87. which passed that way
after the passenger train, have been sum
moned as. witnesses.
The^ photograph found in < Leonard's
pocket was that of a young. woman, hand
some and stylishly attired. -On the back
?f™i ho ; P h °tpsraph. written- in a' neat
feminine hand, was the following-: -•
"To my, darling husband, from' his faith
ful wife, vMae, with. sincere hopes that
rloT m ? V ru S0 J n l$ ' day be ha PP y together
again. 'What God has Joined let no man
put asunder.' October 7. 1900."
Leonard was well dressed and had "the
appearance of a 'prosperous man. ..
3 I *\? pecIal i?i spatc 3 1 .*<> The Call.
Santa Cruz Man Palls
From -¦ Blind- Baggage >
, ./of a Train. r >
SAVES CARFARE
BUT LOSES LIFE
THE SANvfEANGISCOCALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY , 16, 1902;
CLEVELAND, O. t Feb. 15.— The Plain
Dealer to-morrow will Bay: At three
meetings held during the past week the
preliminary arrangements were -completed
in this city for, one .of the most gigantic
bank consolidations in the history of
money and banking in Ohio. In general,
the plan contemplated - the consolidation
of nearly all the smaller savings banks m
Cleveland and will eventually absorb a
number of banks in neighboring towns.'
The. . elimination of the smaller savings
banks means- their absorption . Into , one
great associated, bank,', to i.be) located
somewhere in, the heart of the city, with
a capitalization of more than $1,000,000.
Ohio Bank Combine.
REDLANDS, Feb. 15.— Mrs. Anson Van
Leuven was probably fatally and one
other person severely injured In a run
away on Cajon street to-day. The horse
attached, to Mrs. Van Leuven' s vehicle
became frightened and dashed into an
other buggy, in which were the Misses
Olah and Dana Hicks. Mrs. Van Leuven
was thrown out, striking on her head.
Concussion of the brain has resulted and
it is believed she will die.,. Miss Olah
Hicks suffered a dislocation of the shoul
der and broke.n rib.
Not Expected to Survive
. ' the Shock.
Mrs. Anson Van Leuven of Bedlands
TWO .WOMEN INJTTRED
IN EUNAWAY DISASTEX
Mrs. Wiley came to Los Angeles from
Kansas and Is 39 years old. Little is
known concerning Kent, who Is much
older than the woman. The two pur
chased the lodging-house last September,
and it is said disagreements have been
frequent of late.
Three reports were heard and then Kent
dashed through the door and made his
way across the open court and through
the main hall to his room in the Broad
way front of -the building, leaving a
bloody trail behind him. Mrs. Wiley, In
trying to get to her room, fell in the
main hall, where she lay until an ambu
lance removed her to the California Hos
pital. She is j suffering from . a bullet
wound through the body and the hospital
physicians., say she will die.
i Kent made,,- his way to' his room and
slashed his neck with a razor, penetrat
ing the" jugular vein, but not severing it.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where his wounds were dressed. They
arc serious. , .
- Kent and. Mrs. .Wiley were partner* in
the management of a rooming-house on
South Broadway and had quarreled over
the manner of conducting the place. ; So
far as known there were no eyewitnesses
to the shooting, which took 'place in a
small room used as a kitchen at the rear
of the building. The two had evidently
had gone to the kitchen for dinner when
a dispute arose and the shooting fol
lowed.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 15.— D. C. Kent
to-day shot and fatally wounded Mra.
Harriet L. Wiley and then turned his
revolver upon himself in an unsuccessful
attempt to end his life. The bullet failed
to penetrate his skull, inflicting only a
superficial wound. Kent then got a razor
and slashed his throat; Inflicting a wound
that may prove fatal. "-* : :'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tragedy Follows Quarrels
Over Management , of a
Rooming House.
Los Angeles Man Then
Attempts to End
His Life.
FATALLY WOUNDS
WOMAN PARTNER
20
AUCTION.
•5= ' \ " •' i ; ' ', f . COUNTRY. ORP^RS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION . ' /' .' ¦ — — . : " "...:. — —
i Sale of Linings Monday. •¦ jfS^K xJ^ &&***& SacrKJe^le FlahneLWaists, 1^
?" 1500 yards' On special sale. A KOOd - MS *tt M/JQtMmSRmMlBJSr Ejf&rJ? vSrJ&r V^^ I ' J our.Flannel and Cashmere S6 Walst8; carrying "~^g
*~- ,.. ... _ . , *, _> _. r-i . . t • fBUB&E^JSr JBSX B/0 WfVbw^^ ** i Jm^ - *^ any: part of them over until next, season ZS
quality Snk-nnished Taffeta Skirt Lm- "•» mt ¦ <& doesn't enter Into- our plans; therefore, these — «
g- inir" 16 inches wide in colors of brown ' "VlllHll'i'irw *^*^ ¦ . ' . extraordinary reductions. Highest grade of
m~ ing, 30 inencs \viae, in colors Oi. Drown, ¦ ¦ • g»r^iflBjg^ waists, this season's beet Belling styles, ln
•»- rose, reseda, gray, navy, tan and black: . . - l V^ l & l t8tir m *atKP*? u ?£l?kk%J* r hemstitched, tucked and- embroidered, in a -51
*¦" 1 1 >r . rk^ j JT Jfc .'\r4)| BC?LS^^ good variety of colorings that sold as high as z^
~~ regular value 15c; Monday at Oc yard $6; to close at. each...... $2.50 12
I sale of $1 C.J.Bdnnet&Co^'sBtaGk^affetasforBgGYci, 3
fc 11 Aff U/nnl Pf ammnc Tha manner 1b which our Silk Department mmntains Its . hold * on : the peopl* and *sr«fcg . * . >x- "¦ •
•^" /\II™ TTLUJi Llul llCo ».teadlly Increases that prestige is attributed to the fact that we constantly aim to B-Cl'-^^-v|x I I«/\4/</\-f- ~"^
/»•• ifws a-i^usssiss^v^ erlve. and as a matter of fact. DO ¦ give the best values ln San Francisco. Tour buying OloC>K t.ilf^VlOTrS
¦^- SPECIAL W f\. %/J can ** done wltn tne utmost freedom, for If your purchase la not satlat actory, your •' TT ",-tT 7*f." - " ? ¦ •-» -^|
Jt: vii ne Yll - morey will, be refunded. Again for to-morrow: ¦ •¦• ' - . ' r* /-'-„-/„ e l l jo ¦- .* ¦-'¦- »"-^
£ VALUE DUL IU. ROKNET BUCK TAFFETA *«> yar d8 of the |1 Sity «tra heavy and lustrous; rof^^^S!^^
fc effered for this week's, special aelllng. Dnuurr Dl lnu ppill IJC COIC Bonnef. Peau de Sola Is better known for good Wear made a luc^S Tl S '' J " 3
ZZ £?? ul ?f •"J*!? 01 f^^"^' 1 "^^ DUnnCI.DLAUR rCAU UC OUIC. th &n any other brand. . !W« offer- to-morrow 600 yards 800 yards for ' less thL original ;
S SSS » -'S^^Sl^^.^?^:. 1 !^.^ 1 U U8e4 "° mUCh i0V dre " e8 Ta?d $1- :^^!T^^^£^lSi&^
S aSTfe-nforrow" Sf" 4 "^ **«' ft RQ C YARD-SW 1SS TAFFETA une^ed'snk^rga^'genulnVs^ Taffeta, OTSittBt < SSL S^
•-- Clnalng to-morrow, at O»C lAny -•¦dyld* lArrtlAi of a . v^. i^tre.,,,, finish— a^allk that will give good fast Black Dye. already shrunk and ~2
S= 50C Yard. Good value 75 C. ¦ EEOULAB PKIOB 860. . satisfaction. Well worth 85q, yard. On sale KQ^j sponged. , to ._ be offered to-morrow, special
i BIG SALE OFWHITE PETTICOATS PYftllKITP NFW WASH FARRIf^ I
% $3.50 Skirts for $2.25 Each. CA\{UljllC \\LYI VI Ajfl rADKltJ.
SJI in» manufacturer, who di»continued making thla number. > K ox. Wash Goods ever aispiayeQ by anynouse in ban Francisco. It 'seems Zm
a6= l&^'SbfTuSfiJ&Jii? s ff2.»S? x lt.2 >It y uS ort \P^»\\ without the least exaRrgeration that this spring has won the laurels from all
fc: Jow. S*toSrt« fo?Point^^PaS^ce/wuh-deep^ed 1^ 'Cr^NW predecessors. for artistic charm in weaving, designing and color combina- z3
•- to match, made extra wide, with full ruffle; good value at m. / \\ \\ tions. Those mostly favored are - fabrics, such as LINEN and SILK ~!2
J^ $3.M. On special sale at .^.f 2.25 each j&J ' V<& BATISTE, OXFORD CHEVIOTS, EMBROIDERED SWISSES,
000 <Z*U n tUl*h rtoccCIItrWoJ^ W^An 4- 'feSS^S GRENADINES, ZEPHYR GINGHAMS, DIMITIES,- etc. To get the
fc: bale 01 lllgiKIaSS bilk WaiStS Monday at * ¥*i , choicest styles early choosing is advisable because the favored ones are al- 2
£H »•- ' a C r - -J^^^a. ' \va3 r s the first to go. ..-.-,/ . , s , .. .
$10and$12. ¦ taCfi. '-fi^pe^ffi^ A PHENOMENAL. WASH GOODS BARGAIN T0-M0RR0W. |ftl WJ ™s of- =S
*— The entire saznpla Una tent to us by a New York Walrt < R ff&K^^S&rrZ&X&r nnnn Vinno linilirOf finrnP nn* Vllin t I #J0 Yfl fer ls ab- — *
t= Manufacturer. Perfect fitting garments cf the highest or- \ a h?*T*f^&^ 3000 YARDS JAPANESE CRcPC ZuC KIND TOT l/9ll I til "o 1 "^ 1 y -*¦
SZZ aer. made of CREPE DE CHINE. PEAU DE 8OIE and i OUUU IrtllUO JMIMULCU UIIL.IL. AUU IXIilU IUI K./U ¦ *•• nnmatch- SS
JSI TAFFETA. exQulsltely embroidered, hemstitched and Per- ' i*%&MMM*^ able. 3000 yards of the NEWEST AND CHOICEST JAPANESE COTTON CREPES go US
2Z. clan trimmed, with latest stock collars and jabots, ln 4ll /« ¦ -» ' on sale; ln the most striking of this season s favored styles, .in stripes and checks, ln -^>
«—— the leading colors, and ln all sizes, actually worth up to '•:'¦„'.'. £3 \ colors of Pink, Light Blue, Ked, Green,. Gray and Lavender, .warranted fast colors; the "iS
*T" |12.00 each. Monday .$0.25 each , regular 20c quality; on special sale at ..........: 12 l-2c yard — *•
S BIG SAVING IN SHEETINGS MONDAY. 35c WHITE ORGANDIE MONDAY 100 PIECES MADRAS GINGHAMS [|
2H "We have aecured about 1200 yards high grade sheeting be- An unusual Monday bargain— an offering Inter- t% f, _ 10c OlialitV for Mnnrfav ! 12
S= low regular price, which we -differ you to-morrow on the estlng to women who are • looking, for a soft and J fit/*' .. . . . v««i»«.7 .mm munuay
•[" same basis. Eheer fabric. Fully 42 Inches wide, good value at a»J^w ¦¦ So great was the demand for thesa ginghams last a| "^
mm- 72-lnch Bleached Sheeting, a heavy Quality, sells \{\e 35c - On epeclal sale Monday at 24c Tard y» r j Monday that we have decided to . repeat this offer. L ' O
*^" usually at 22c. Monday at Tard iDt . The choices* styles of high grade Madras Gingham D All 12
g Jf»aSSMJ3RS&4Mf..«S 10c URGE COMFORTERS $1.50 EACH. Sl"SS?13S^^.^c^ 2
iT ¦" .'- 'I', /«ni am unnrnv viVitrc* Another shipment Just received, exactly Ilka those we . _ .. . '•'. *"!*
% -JfJLSS, I WMM$iM&§ilMB SPECIAL OFFERING SILK DRESS; SKIRTS B
+*~ finished, with double soles and double heels and toes; ln a \f <S I 7^ EACH. -
•fc: variety of the newest open work effects; sizes 8 to 10. A FVTRA SPFPIAI MOMDAY s J Good Valne «Z 50 Z^
gre^t leader for Monday and Tuesday at 25c Pair . tXIKA. 5KLUAL .MUNUAY. .; .^^ m new B^rom this popular and the fastest- 2
m^ ' |2 1/.Z and I5C Torchon LaCeS • growing department. We want to make Monday a vervbusv
**~ mil nPFW'^ HOQF I^Sr PAIR ~ / 2 i-ovca therefore have prepared to give values not obtainable
•^ llllLUKLIM O I1U3L I3C I*AIK. , over 500 pieces Just unpacked-tha best variety of p elsewhere. Tailor-made Dress T Skirts of fan?y strloed^and
*~~ 40 dozen Children's lxl Ribbed Fast Black Cotton Hose: patterns you ever had an opportunity to select from, hfl tucked Taffeta/with Liberty Silk ruffles, full flaring and ¦ -^
fc: a good wearing stocking, with double feet and double knee; Edgings and Insertions, from 2 to 6 Inches wlde^ — all %J\j circular flounce, perfectly finished and very graceful ln r^
m*- sizes 5 to 0%; a new shipment direct from the mill; ex- new and effective designs — would bring easily 12%c - their * ian f«_ 8 j5i rt8 1 , tn . at are considered eood tfri'er.76 :^
¦*— cepUonal value at 15c Pa4r ] to 15c yard. ,. To-morrow .5c yard. Yard, value at $22 60; Monday Each. tj>IO
Missouri Pacific Limited,
The. Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri : Pacific; Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
Sari Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions rla this
route to Chicago. New Torlc. Boston and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
Information address *
L..M. FLETCHER, ,.
Pacific Coast Agent,
126 California st.. San Francisco. CaL
'.¦;'/'... -^ Call or write
CAL. CO-OP. HOME B'LD'G ASS'N
606 Emma Sprcckds B'ld'g, S. p.
Solid INVESTMENTS in California
LMMCQ without RENT
nUmtO, o r INTEREST,
On Small Monthly Payments.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ch 10SlXA2XXTS?.t*t.6&t7ta,8.r.Ca!.
Xf ¦ The Larrest Anatomical Museum in tbe
¦ vg.jfe»~ w orld. Weakaeues or iny contracted
Ks&l * iM ".H"«»*'7™r^ by the oldest
fgl I ipeailist on the Cout Est 36 years.
tfS^S DR> JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
f WJt^B Conjultulon free and jtrictly prirate.
J U&H Trwtment personally or by letter. A
B tF * tf «•»"«• Curt in crery case undertaken.
F H A Write for Book. PaiLOKOPBY mt
* 0 . 1 ¦»BBI*SB, MAILBO FJtZB, ( A
(£ valuable book for mm)
DB. JOED AS A CO., 1051 Market St., 8. F.
BAJA CACIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
T< £i° £ or tbe Btx11 * x Organs, tor both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. -
NABER. ALPS * BRUNE. Agents.
C23 Market st.. 8. F. — (Send Tor Circulars.)
CATARRH CURED, $3.00 A lONTfl
* : .No Other Charge, AH Medicines Free.
To all bejrinnlns; treatment with Drs. Shores during 1 the remamin* day* of. |"S b >' a "£7';_ T . 0 .
PROVE TO THE PUBLIC THE SUPERIORITY OF DRS. SHORES' NEW TREAX34ET<X
OVER ALL. OTHERS IN CURINO QUICKLY. Start in AT ONCE, if you want to be
CURED for the LOW FEE OF $3.00 PER MONTH, all medicines free.
This special offer will positively be WITHDRAWN Friday night at 8 o'clock, February
2Sth, AND WILL NOT AGAIN BE RENEWED OR EXTENDED. - „„-„
Do not wait until the closing days of the month to apply and be LOST IN THE RUSH,
but COME TO-DAY. COME MONDAY. COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK.
CONSULTATION -FREE TO ALL.
YOU GET DRS. SHORES' REGULAR $5.00 A MONTH
TREATMENT FOR $3.00.
Tinder this special offer YOU GET DRS. SHORES' REGULAR $5 A MONTH TREAT-
MENT FOR $3.00. Asthma, deafness, bronchial and lung troubles, and all disease* caused
from catarrh are included In this low rate; catarrh of the head and throat, catarrh of the stom-
ach, catarrh of the liver, catarrh of thekMneys. If you have a DOZEN ailments caused
from catarrh. $3.00 PAYS THE BILL FOR ONE WHOLE MONTH, provided you apply for
treatment AT. ONCE. '
Do not delay, but APPLY NOW, and you will be treated UNTIL CURED. for the low fe*
of $3.00 PER MONTH. ALL, MEDICINES FURNISHED FREE. If you wait until thla spe-
cial offer has been withdrawn, and the price for treatment ADVANCED. BLAME YOURSELF.
-APPLY ANY DAY THIS WEEK, and Drs. Shores will treat you until cured for the tow
fee of $3.00 PER MONTH. MEDICINES FKEE. *
Come and brine your friends. CONSULTATION FREE TO ALL. I -.«?? i .« |/ : -
Offlce Hours — 0 to 4 dally; Evenings, 6 to 8; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 m. ' ; ai
.grrj^ jifc ¦¦»< The Catarrhal Curse.'
tf ~* Jtf) -»» Catarrh la as much & curse to-day aa ma-
JX" , fs_ ij -^ •> 4L \j^ Iaria and fever plagues to the hot «wamps of
t^Jv* it^^wwC^^a •?• *£f Florida. It's In the air, like an Inherent and
i) A /^JSJ^Mf^^N^. A '& >e^ undying contagion. Everybody la afraid of It,
/I iKJcw Jwl W^Kfl^f* • everybody is Interested in It. and It ls Just aa
ff a'&Jft Va \ IW JKi&\ H Interesting to be saved from lt. or to be cured
H a zjfiJ&Xr \.vJ&R& • B ot lt -~ a> lt ls to dIe from "• There ar»
ft IS m r • w (m ' ' B thousands of people in San Francisco to-day
vw sr^ Eii* Vk 0 ' w^° ** ave some Imperceptible germ taint of
y ri ""^jJbP^ $ catarrh in the system, as well as vast num-
I fM li^SH bers of P e °P Ie ln w^om those germ taints have
jj}-l I|C| j^a . developed Into chronic ailments of varying de-
tf."' ' i. IS '$B3L " " ***-«^ Bree of malignity, suffering and danjer. la
pi|. : . v-3' l /TTl> most ln3 tances tha difficulty is aggravated by
tfl8 fact that the vJcticis cannot diagnoaa their
Wf^E^sS^T^^^rpS^ffi miseries or distinguish the cause of them.
II Iffifnli IPbI 1^ The faCt iS- a ma -I orlty of common chronio
If Tl* (I £s81 'I diseases, thoueh known as bronchial trouble.
If ¦ I J I U 1^3 a luns trouble - kidney trouble, stomach trouble.
I II I if L^a $¦ etC " are really of a : catarrhal origin and na-
dbJil I fc« Pi P iSL*Ll tUre " Every part of the muc °"» membrane—
III r*wJ! 'ffSTlr the nose> throat e y cs - car - head, lungs, stom-
I] ' ]\ >gg--tJ ! {S^Ks=^L rf ach « Ilver - bowels, bladder, kidneys— are sub-
1 n^TW^mBi a"^ 5^ ject to dl3ease and blisht by catarrh. Moat
• ]j '"¦TiV /***¦• .irF" 9 physicians have not tbe time to devote much
J4 i II v ' study to this disease, nor have they the neces-
"•'•" ' ji' - «ary apparatus and tralntne to successfully
t " 'l\ treat it. Dra. Shores have made a lifelona;
iV " study of catarrh in all Its forms and hav«
U- ¦ t ¦•• treated thousands of cases, and the unanfmou*
" a *• . verdict of their patients is that DRS. SHORES
¦DRS. SHORES' ,NEwTnSTRUMENT; ¦
fS^fib. SPECIALTIES. >«s3->». ¦'
J •y&lgk ' *r CATARKH- Deafness. Xose 'and Throat .^SS**^^
' ,,1-n T^a 7^, U J V' K, e aaa * E S r Dlse ases. Bronchial and SS&T Y
fil W!5f'» u ?* T ™ u bles. Asthma, Stomach. Liver and §&£?
I T** K ? idne y, D'seasas, Bladder Troubles, Female f&& &A£\
I *£ L7 . Complaints, Diseases of Women and Children. ¥ST
Fever.,Hy 8 teria..Epilep.y. iksJmliZ £. * M
1 1 i yilliir ff Hoj" 6 Treatment Cures. Writ- V^^^' J
\ \ \l&!gr Jo^toymptom List. Consultation \ f
WEAK MEN. Pay When Cured.
If you suffer from any of the weaknesses or » mX^^t you flrst * and * hen ask * REASON-
diseases caused by ignorance or dissipation able FEE when you are cured NOW. 'WE
YOU ARE THE VERY PERSON WE WANT "WANT TO CURE YOU with the distinct un-
un^w^V^r DOt **<"* * *"
IC diseases. hy publishing the many volunUr/ att t>vti*iJ~
testimonials from homo people, civing names ,uf PRI >ATE DISEASES are Included ia
pictures and addresses. " • lnls »Declal offer, ' such as LOST MANHOOD.
WE CAN'T PUBLISH OUR CURBS Srl^ta?^ 1 ™!!^ •P ermato "ho«.. varlcocele.
¦ ¦¦ in privat B :d, S ea S es s . 80 "
Because lt would betray confidence. Hence we ita» - I wll»«Hi? e ?* e '^. as ; 1 ? ached the tow" 111 *
have to prove our skill In this clais of troubles COvqiT^i'-piSS 11^'** 11 you M) ~r™»
In another way. Thte U our plan: > FRep hv iT« TION . AND EXAMINATION
¦ v ti{EE °y letter or in person. Call or writer
DRS SHORES & SHORES, spedaiuts,
S3^W ; B. AlLENiUILDING, 933 MARKET ST, ~
IFYOU HftVE
A COUGH
*^r\ Jj • Il; ' s==: '-^
YOU!! OWN FAULT
"Why? Because you have neglected to
kill the germs causing the disease. They
still remain In your throat or lungs and
will continue there until destroyed. Not
only thla, but by using cough syrups, ex-
pectorants and morphine mixtures, your
stomach, liver and kidneys have become
disordered, and the germs of cither bron-
chitis, pneumonia or consumption firmly
Implanted in those Inflamed . spots on the
air passages, caused by cough germs—
and all through your own fault.
Had you kept abreast of the times and
read the opinion of .the best medical au-
thority in the land, published regularly,
you would have known that coughs are
caused by germs and that all the stomach
medicines ln the world ¦ cannot reach
them. If you had read th* United States
Health Reports, .and looked up Govern-
ment statistics, as every man and woman
ought, you would have known that there-
Is but^ one remedy which- will destroy
these germs, and that this remedy has re-
duced the death rate from such diseases
34 per cent during the past year. This
is not newspaper talk, but facts from
the highest authorities in the land. ¦¦
HTOMEI. the new treatment, cures be-
cause it kills the germs of coughs, croup,
catarrh, bronchitis and consumption, and
all you have to do is to inhale it for a
few moments daily.
Now if you wish "to keep your cough all
winter' and run the risk of contracting more
serious diseases, continue as you are wita
stomach medicines. If not, send to The R. T.
Booth Co.. Ithaca. N. Y.. for a free sample
of HTOMEI or purchase- an outfit from your
druggist- The little Inhaler will last you s>
life time and 00c a month will protect yourself
and family from such diseases.- If your drug-
gist does not keep Hyomel. we will •end you
a complete outfit, postage prepaid, for $1.
Si per year f
THE, WEEKLY €ALL
RRTTQWI7Q FOR barbers, bak.
DAUOllJuO «n bootblacks, bath.
./..-¦ bouses, billiard tablaa,
brewws. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
*yem. fiourmllla, toundrie*. laundrlea. papar-
itaBgera. printers, painters, shoe factorlss.
•Ubltmea. Ur-roof en, •; tanners, . tallorc, ttck ¦
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brnsh Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
OSjL CHICH ESTER'S C ROUGH
fEPYROyAl PILLS
U r-^HV > > *v °«1« 1 "«* *¦* Only Gea™eT
£4S& ;r ©SSHSSSSg
«'v a MRS. JOHN ALLANSON, .
Orchard ave.. Elmhurft. Alameda County, CaL
December 13. 1900.— This ls to certify that I
was suffering for fifteen years from Bright'*
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on rny left
side. I tried a number ot doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief That
six month* ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 Mason it., San Francisco, and now
after six monthi of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this ln or
appreciation of Dr. Wong Hlrn and that other
6ufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this in person to any one that may
call upon xae at my residence. ¦• : '
BAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 6. 1900.— To whom
Jt may concern: This is to certify that DR
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason st.. San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make - thin
statement, as I fisd tbe Doctor strictly honest
ln every sense of the word, and an honorable
man In all bis dealings. DR. C. A. GAY
E*ntlet. 002 Second ave., Seattle. Wuh. "! '
TO THE PUBLIC.
jxs^irWHw. --•'- I have been wonder-
dtrgLgftt&k fully cured or fits and or
Vjs*i tlp troubIe b y tie fa-
Wra3 |i moug herb doctor. Wonr
Him, of 115-117 Mason
¦'•¦t:'' K.X.y I 5 t -'^ S - F - l WM nearly
SE»*J 3 ' dead when I came ¦ to
/W5ST*/ him and the fits I had
. yv were dreadful, but I am
j^r"7^;^k enjoylns perfect health
now I can tell any on*
oi the wonderful cure*
he has made for me.
X came from Meridian, gutter County, Cat.,
to Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of all
any ailments. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTT.
Meridian. Suiter County, CaL
January 21, U>C2.
Yon Rhein R. E. Co.
513 California Street.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20th.
12 O'CLOCK M. 6HABP.
Cor. Franklin and O'FarrelL
7 Superb Lots.
6USNT. CENTRAL AND IN A FASHION-
ABLE LOCALITY. .
OTARRELIj STREET.
25 | 25 . S7l«
••8 i
f ¦¦- -«3
ss a -E
« tt i « *
2 r- 09
2 «* H
* : 1
M
S7:6 q !
112:« . 8
Horns of J. C Stubbs Es q. j
rini Karise View.
On account of removal to Chicago; 47: Ox
I2T:S>4- 2518 Pacific ave. weet of Stelner;
ruperb artistic home; ¦ 15 rooms, billiard, li-
brary, 4 baths; permits to 6ee house at office.
WEBSTER-ST. CORNER-EENT $35.
27:6xSl:3; 6.TV. corner \tebster and WUdey,
north of Bush; Improvements are old, but the
corner Is admirably, adapted for a store and
Cats. " .
MOE-ST. KCDEEH TLATS— RESTS $72.09.
60x95. with "V 5 feet fronting Seventeenth
street; Kos. 326-332 Noe; take Castro car*;
owner resio.es out of tbe State; a bargain!
COEKEE BCCHANAN AND PINE.
C5x81:3. In 1 or 2 lots; northwest corner; 68
feet on Buchanan by Sl:3 on Pine; choice!
STEVENSON. BET. 5TH AND 6TH-BENT $i9,
22:6x75; 429 Stevenson; central location, dose
to market and to new postolfice; reduced pres-
ent rent $10; one tenant. t
Corner Clipper aai Diamond— 160x114.
Southwest corner; leo on Clipper by 114 on'
Diamond.
Cairertity Keatd Earrty-Bloek 145. .'''.
LoU 3. 4, 6. 6. 7. 6; each lot 100x120; front-
Ing Gambler. Sllllman, Madison and Henry
ets. ; 3 corners; also ¦
Block 119.
Fronting Henry, Mansfleld, Knox and Burrows
etreets and La Grande avenue.
Block If 8. ... 'i
Fronting Henry. Madison. Knox and Sllllman
etreets and La Grande avenue..
FreciU Valley Luii. -. ' ; iv
Lotr 234, 235 and 236; also Iota 20 and 23.
ADVEBTISEMHNT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
v Q f/jr \\\U/y A
tlt&t'JFc J^'afe Aldta". Eleetrto
±>eit (with 3&d^ • a s p • n sorjr) is
guaranteed -?*»?<> to possess alt th*
curative properties of tbe . expensive . belt*
now cold by doctors and druggists. It glre»
ft rery etrong current of electricity and Is
easily regulated.' Bound to superseda
ethers. Can be had from the undersigned
enly; NO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call «r r \ddress PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 208 Totk st.. San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. N«w fork.
y TO ORDER >K ff
¦Suits that look ff^r^
their quality; that
have shape. iness MjW^
and that hold 1
the : r shape; : that | Vl
mean good tai or- : | : \|
ing, good value | ;1
and perfect satis- • l) J. \
faction Avhi . ! e t e- " & ¦
ing worn— these are the sort
we rnske to measure.
$1.00 a week
will purchase one of them.
and examine our stock cf cloths.
128 EHlS St. AbovePtwen
Has "a professional frame fit-
ter" for whose expert cervices
In adjusting or fitting eye-...
glasses and spectacles there is
absolutely no. charge. .
2t" Market Sta^"Th!3 action contemplates a perfect alli
ance or-unioh'of the representatives. of the
members , of , the - Populist .' National Com
mittee have issued a. call. for a State con
ference i-to be - held in; San Francisco on
March ; 10; for the purpose of choosing
thirty-one delegates to the National con
vention, which Is: to bo held in Louisville.
Ky., on -April 2/1902, and for perfecting a
State organization. The call says:
different reform organizations, such as
Union Labor, Union Reform, Public Own
ership, Socialists and People's parties.
Single Taxers, Independent Democrats
and Republicans— in fact, all elements
who favor substantial rerorms, are 'op
posed to the rule of capitalism over tha
people,* and willing to sever their connec
tion with the two old parties, and stand
together in an Independent- union
party." - _ '
CALIFORNIA, f POPTJLISTS .
;-'5 TO^HOLD^ A? CONFERENCE
OCCIDENTAL, Feb.- 15.— The ; Calif oral*
No Preference Will Be Shown
At the - Bee Hive Shoe - Company. - where
the .verylatest styles of .shoes forvwomen
and , men— regular $3.50^ shoes— are being
sold for J1.85 a pair.. These shoes are made
by r the . best 'manufacturers : in the" United
States.' 'So >be sure to come around'to'.tho
factory sale of shoes for a $3.50 shoe; at
11.85 a pair. 717 Market street, near Third.*
. From" that- time ; Otto's health , declined.
Ho : lost : his ; appetite land , became j melan
choly. Finally -! his /mental "arid ; physical
condition ¦» brought ;'on^ heart; disease. : . ; ' He
quit xwork > on .Wednesday ': night i; and :l re
solved \ to ; rest until s he: felt better. .^Thls
morning,'; just after, breakfast,' he was at
tacked by; heart trouble and died in | great
agony^ a few, minutes later , on . the floor of
his room." -
: - Otto : was a*, tallyman,'^ employed 'by- the
St. ' Paul : and f/Tacoma f Lumber Company.
" TACOMA; ; Feb. 15.-T he .death ; of
Charles Otto, ; which occurred to-day,- is
said 1 *, by _. doctors ?.to ;;, have :i been y' causeM
primarily,;. by \ a , scratch "on , his ; scalp, re
ceived a number of .weeks ago in a barber
shop.' 'At ; that I time'; a v wire ;. bristle of ,;'a'
hair J brush^ pierced his; skin \* and "¦'. blood
poisoning^ resulted., -A i large "/.? gathering
formed and was l removed ' subsequently by.
an t operation.',* . . •' ' •. ¦• 7 ' ¦' > " "
soning, Ends a Tacoma Man's
' -!'\-'" 'Life., •¦'
Heart Disease, Succeeding Blood Poi-
DEATH DTJE TO SCRATCH ;
FEOM V WIRE HAIRBRUSH
TACOMA, J Feb. 15.— Thousands of , mud
hens were frozen, to death during the coli
spell In-Okanogan County early, .this
week. Four ' miles "i above Loomis ' is';' a
large ' mountain lakej" which is the haunt
Eccentric , Fowl Fail to Escape Fe't
. ters of Boreas on a Northern'
' Lake.
THOUSANDS OF ~, MTTDHEKTS
ARE FROZEN IN THE ICE
' The - Okanogan ,- Indians seem to ¦ believe
that the birds were frozen for their bene
fit- and are .: gathering : them. ' in 'numbers
for food: . laMaBBMBaMB— IW
• It is a well-known ( fact that, when ex-.
cited, these birds fly or flop along the sur
face of ' the - water, v, dipping < their swings
and sometimes swimming- for short >¦ dis
tances.-;' '- The : cold- weather of . this i week
was. accompanied by a"heavy;gale, i which
rolled up white caps on Loomis Lake. As
the mudhens flew.^along its surface,
striking 1- the /water with their wings, ice
formed upon , them' so : rapidly that they
lost the power, of. locomotion.' - < By. -the
hundreds they. were caught In the rapidly
forming ice s and - ; held until : frozen to
death.v.i'. >;'•/., =_';.. '.-. -¦-¦ -v •:.' ¦¦:¦•,
of mudhens and other .water fowl
the greater. part of .the year, A This winter,
the : mudhens ; were - the • last to leave - for
warmer climes farther; south.' •
"The victims were. in charge of James Brown.
No : excuse ¦ has been offered '. or,' can : be . given
for the lynching. .. After being ¦ in 1 " his hands
for. a Ehort: time, the . testimony is, they, were
taken out. . not by a hostile mob, - but by. his
neighbors, as Brown ! afterward . said that \ he
did not try to protect them, but abandoned
Mob, Met No « Resistance.
He pictured . the sleeping .victims in
Myers' barroom, and ' detailed from ¦ the
evidence; of Hutton, Morris,'Brown'him
self and others, given before the ' Grand
Jury, how the five men, were overpowere'd
and dragged to their death. In this con
nection Sturtevant: said:
Sturtevant admonished the. Jurors that
they must not draw inferences from: the
fact that Brown did not take -the stand
in his own defense, because it was ¦ his
constitutional privilege. The attorney,
however, drew attention to the. fact that
the other defendants and competent wit
nesses had not been sworn to contradict
Hutton and Morris.
Sturtevant asked why old man Hall had
been put into a room where he could. have
been so easily found, and asked why the
fifth rope, which was left outside, had not
been distributed with the t rest, and'an
swered his own questiom by stating that
some of the lynchers would have protest
ed against the hanging, of .the old, gray
haired man and would have backed out
of the conspiracy had they, known that he
was to be one of the victims. ¦
in the tieing of the ropes in Trowbridge's
store on the afternoon of May 30 .went
to Trowbrldge"s - store and reported to
Trowbridge how the Job. had turned out.
Sturtevant claimed .that Morris, in his
testimony on the stand and in his confes
sion, did not state a single thin? but
what he knew; that he made no guesses
or told anything that he was not^abso
lutely positive of.. He continued:.-
Kow gentlemen of the Jury, here is a hostile
mob that came from widely separated sections.
How in the name of God did they know old
man Hall was in the hotel? Word had gone
Su of the hotel. Dick NlchoU. J. W. Brown,
Erv Carpenter and J. R. Myers are the only
o£» wnT could have grlven the information
Yet the derense has set up the claim that these
parties did' not leave the barroonv during that
night How did those two men who went Into
tbfparlorto get old man Hall, as testified to
by Sid Goyette. know that old man_ Hall was
in the parlor? It must have' been the original
I ntention of the . lynchers ¦, to hang_old man
Hall, as they brought five, ropes. Frank Hall
must have. put up a fight, because Jim Brown
told Charles Lamberth and Myron Ayres that
he did. and this testimony has. not. been con
tradicted by any witness for. the. defense..
the five ' men Just' as much as he could aban
don anybody under any circumstances. Brown
performed no part of his official duty as ¦ an
officer of the. law. He should have said to
those prisoners: "Get up and defend your
selves. Get those pistols out from behind the
bar." . Then • they would have cleaned the
whole mob out.
Brown knew that the . mob was coming. He
was Informed on Monday that ¦ there was talk
of ' hanging these men. . Justice of - the Peace
Myers, who, ••. above all others, .was bound by
law to / protect these men, knew ¦ they ¦ were
going to be lynched. He told Ira Cannon. they
were going to be lynched. : I feel sorry -for
that old man, in the : evening of life, getting
mixed 'up in a matter of this kind. , -
Sturtevant next urged'' the unreliability
of the testimony given by different mem
bers of the Myers family to: establish an
alibi for Samuel Parks. The State's j at
torney spoke scathingly of the Myers
family, charging that they all knew j the'
mob was coming to hang; the men.
,Sturtevant paid particular attention : to
the. testimony, of; George Howell, who,,
when called as a witness for the prosecu
tion in the early part of the trial, testified
that he was not in "; Lookout on May ' 27,"
and when during this week- he was re
called, surprised the prosecution -by say
ing that he had been there that dayv He
censured Mrs. Walter Rucker for the tes
timony she gave, which minutely detailed
every movement of - Richard . Nichols >' for
nearly the whole of May. 30, and he indi
cated to the jury the impossibility of 'any
person remembering trivial i domestic in
cidents when nothing important happened
on that, date to fix these incidents in the
memory.
Referring to Mrs. Richard .,' Nichols,
whose : husband " and brother . are'- accused
of having participated in the lynching
Sturtevant praised .her for , her ¦ energy,
her : fidelity , and : her fortitude, and . said
that not one ' word . of criticism ' could ;• be
uttered against her. : She was only doing
what "any noble wife or/sister* would 'do
under similar . circumstances/ ¦
• The defense will open' its argument on
Monday, morning.; , ; / . .-•¦¦
ALTURAS, Feb. 15.— doping arguments
were begun this morning' in the trial of
James W. Brown, the alleged Lookout
lyncher, and by the middle of next we«k
the fate of the prisoner will rest in the
hands of the Jury. The courtroom, was
thronged with a curious audience, men
and women coming from points many
miles distant to hear the oratory of the
attorneys. Deputy Attorney General*
George W. Sturtevant occupied the entire
day for the prosecution, reviewing the evi
dence that tends to show James W. Brown
to be one of the leaders in the conspiracy,
which. Sturtevant charged, was hatched
in Liookout last May to rid that section
of old Calvin Hall, "Jim" Hall, Frank
Hall. Daniel Yantis and young Martin
Wilson. In opening, Sturtevant said:
May It please the court and you, sentlemen
of the Jury: "We have now come to the last
stage ol this long ca.ee. Gentlemen ol the
jury. I want to mark you personally for the
kinaness with which you have listened to our
wrangles and listened to our witnesses and
given this case the complete and careful at
tention you have given It during this lone
period. In regard to the duties of parties in
this case, I will «ay the defendant is repre
sented by four able counsel, members of the
Supreme Court of this State, and it is their
duty to acquit the defendant by all means at
their disposal.
The position mt the counsel for the people is
this: They are salaried officers; to them it
makes no possible diCerence what may be the
result in the case. They are not concerned
in a.- verdict, except that it is their sworn
duty, however, bitter It may be, to bring be
fore the jury the evidence, to present to the
court the law and then to ask of you a ver
dict that one of your fellow men be hanged by
the neck until he be dead. If you believe
that this man is innocent, the counsel for the
prosecution asks you earnestly to acquit him.
But if you come to a conclusion that this man
is guilty, then the whole State of California
demands at your hands a verdict according to
the evidence.
Baker Interrupts Sturtevant.
I do not ask you to consider the enormity
of the crime in determining whether the de
ler.dant is guilty or Innocent, but If you do
Una him guilty, the enormity of the crime is
euch that the whole people of the State of
California would come over here into Modoc and
say: '"Stand up and be the citizens you have
ewora yourselves to be." The indictment charges
the deiendani. on the 31st of May last, with
having willfully and with malice aforethought
murdered Martin Wilson. The evidence com
mences on ilay 27, when some of these par
ties, including Martin Wilson, -were arrested
and taken to Myers' Hotel in a manner that
lust showed a bitter feeling on the part of
tij£ arresting officers.
Here Deputy Attorney General Sturte
vant was interrupted by Baker.
Raker — I take exception to the language of
the counsel in regard to these arrests. " We
attempted to show in good faith and by facts
leading up to the arrests that these men were
legitimately charged with having committed a
public oCense.
Sturtevant — I don't object to the counsel
taking exceptions, but I do object to a speech
Jrpm him."
— We do not deny the authority for
mailing the arrests, but we desire to show the
exttssive brutality of the arresting officers,
who exceeded their duties in the manner of
making the arrests.
The court — Mr. Raker, I anticipated disturb
ance in this argument by you and in advance
very kindly and courteously laid down the par
liamentary rules by which the argument should
be conducted. If you wish to violate these
rules I will remove you from the courtroom.
Sturtevant described Calvin Hail as a
man who had gone through the war,
serving- his country for many years, and,
when he had reached, bis 73d year, was
prodded about the country with a gun
in the hands of "Jim" Brown and mali
ciously ill-treated in other ways and fin
ally swung over a bridge at Lookout, a
rope around his neck, the victim of lynch
ers.
Analysis of the Testimony.
Sturtevant then commenced an analysis
of the testimony of the principal wit
nesses for the defense. He said in part:
The little half-breed witness, Agnes Wilson,
was entirely irsuik. On cross-examination she
showed freely that Ehe believed her brother,
Martin "vVilsdh, was murdered and I wished
somebody to be punished for it She also
hoped Jim Brown would be punished for the
way he had abused Calvin HalL She also told
you about the Indecent search of her mother
a.nd herself by this defendant.
The testimony of Claude Morris showed a
bitter feeling between the Trowbrldge and
ilorris factions, and it is too clear that in
order to keep down all inquiring elements it
Was necessary to get one of Morns' fingers
In the pie, in order to close the mouth of tue
Morris faction. And Claude Morris was not
the only one roped in; others were roped In
and made "cat paws" of, not that their help
was needed, but their silence must be pro
cured. It is admitted that Morris denied be
ing In the lynching before he made bis state
ment. He made that statement voluntarily
f«r,^ MV wi. h l" OWn neck " ThlU statement Is
branded with truth from beginning to end and
be inculpates himseir by it as well as others.
¦ Sturtevant made an extended review of
of the testimony of Claude Morris, and
endeavored to convince the Jury thatE
£• J i £ owbr y ge '. a merchant of Lookout.
ha 2 the ril ?? lea/! «r In the conspiracy
and bad generally attended to the plani
for the lynching from their incipiency.
Lynchers Brought Five Ropes.
Sturtevant claimed that, after the lynch
ing. J. R. Myers, who had participated
Special Dispatch to Tfc« CalL.
Court Keeps Lawyer Baker Peace
ful by Threatening to Im
prison Him for Con
tempt.
Sturtevant Appeals to Jury to
Find Against "Jim"
Brown.
Closing Arguments Are
Begun in Altura?
> Trial.
PRISONER'S
LIFE HUANGS
IN BALANCE
THE iS AN FRANCISCO y C^LL; SU^D A Y, FEBRU&R Y>" 1 6, 1902.
21
I sterling Stiver Navalties, 15c. a Sale makes ' \frf~ An Ideal Rainy- Sale of Fountain Syringes. $
tf On Monday only we shall off;r at fpcc'al sale, 110 diKcrCnCS //£)- 0 •; * " Day Store. "' : * Wc have bou S ht • lot .' °f fancy Fountain Syringes that
S of Sterling Si", ver' Novel ths, guaranteed 925.1000 fine/ fnthe fliialitv S*» drA?^ J* J* idSS^t^A' g JT ff Msffsir Fvervlhini im >«e ri hipped to San Francisco by mistake. The jobber ¦ '. .*
K in beaded and fancv handles. Among the m my articles H^Zl llf acc.prcd our offer to take thcrn off of hb hand, and we , e n th^
K ;i V U ««„ h nn \r* -„!-•: - n J rn .'l-ti-tfrt °* £ m V OrlUm WlX!^J£rjrdK^JK y M Mm^VM / Ly &S»&13SW Jr Q dCr One TOOL Monday at ktt!e more than half their va'.uc Highest grade fbunrun
X are mil fi.es button hooks CUUC.e and .corn In veS, /_ g & £ &><^^MM&7*S ** t^ .yrnges made, pure Para rubber, white, redorbrown, pretty fi.ur dc li, %
S •- tooth and nail brushes, shoe horns, roller b.otters, stock- tiarwaiiia ¦ .-¦ | - • < . . ¦ ¦ M ¦¦¦ ¦ *0m~~~^^ *' ariuri >.. *y*C? 'pattern, rapid flow, with four pi?:$. . X
X ing dames, etc., wou'd be an excellent -Q EStf** Only in the CcM-IFOKINIM » ___,„. "z ijgvXSBEMfiP^^^^^ phones, RestaU- 2 quart ?i.i S » : «, special Monday 780 'J
* value at 25c each, choice to-morrow. .... B &%* , P riCC .....;. GRANDEST STORE, rant, etCV. U\ '. " J^gig £* -^SJSg \ I .' ! I I ! * fgg I
J — I ¦ .. • • — : - ¦- , .. :¦;;¦•¦>• .-. . ~ . ¦ . Z T~ — ! ' ¦ " " £
% -New Colored Mfflg9ih®&* of &£$$* H#*©a# SMk Saies -Monday, New Gloves* I
I BreSS GOOdS. $1.25 Quality Peaudel<wtlreM^ fZtf^oiotX^ZTZt 1
J. 40-inch crepe De chne-^A uiteSii,- «n-wooi y/ e ave ma de another very advantageous purchase of black and colored Silks; 1600 yards of that newweave, Peau cf b I 0W^ 0^ oi " t l tm \ *?•' whitc * ! i
r» fabric for wais.s and hou e gowns, complete - ... - .. .• ,-* J ., -. u "„¦¦',.*-' U" Mr \l i " i ' 'j • " I j j. •'••.' , ' . • r . pearl and fast black, made with three patent ; /|
i Kwrtment'of the correct- color- — „, de Londre, full 2"j inches wide; it has a very; brilliant luster, and is guaranteed to; give, long and satisfactory wear. chs?$, and new pa™ pebt backs, extrT&ie S
$ .JFi*? yard v :.,- '• •;¦¦* ' *' We had bur "choice of colorings^ and selected the ""'best ; arid 'newest shades that weretfnanufactured for this Spring's A> '* * lf : ct fi£ f"™^. «j *•' \ 3»
* 50-lrich Canvas Suitinet — A new weave for . . ,, ,-¦-•,-'.-¦.•¦••¦¦..,•-.,.-. R -i»» ¦ - ¦ •¦ ¦• r. y ¦¦¦ ¦.; •-',,. -. ¦- - ,. ¦., . -- ¦ ¦ , .•••¦¦•• . i#- * \ ¦¦¦¦¦.. ... -.-.-• ¦ *. , ,°, , gloves warranted, per pair . . . ¦. SI .50 X
K etreet and outing wear that bid, fair to outdo "business. Such colorings «s pink, ;-. light b.us, white, cream, heliotrope, .goblin,.^ navy and black. F or Boys and OWs— New Kid Gfo'Lia X
5 «ny of it* predecessors in popularity for thos= These Silks on account of th ir excellent wearing qualities are much in demand for underskirts, shirt waists, linings, rufflings, etc., and are browns, Una, modes and reds, pair.. $]. QO "5
pui-posrs, colors royal, navy, brown, tan Aid regularly sold at $1.25 P cr Y iT^i The Emporium's special price Monday only .... ... ..... S. .*............ « %£%& Fi^« Mocha Gloves for women — $/,O0and *<f
% ft'the'pricT per vard . . . $fo@0 Me W L fbOrtyfOUfartia- In the correct colorings Ne W Wash Sitks— for shirt waists;_ an uneq-jaled N&W GrOgMB do ChinCS andNsW POSIM I Fowns J and *Dent - s Kid Gloves — St. 50. S
» 42-inch Taffjtallne— A new and exquisite light for summer; goblin, blue, brown, . resedaj tan, national ¦ b^us, ' assortment; more than aoo different 'drsignsj in a beautiful '• . ttO'SolBB — The former 24 inches wide,' the latter 20 $2.OO •'
*£ weight fabric, very best French make,'adapt- gray, and back and white effects. Three different grades range of colorings, such as light blue," nile gresn.'plnk, maize, -inches; b aU of the new colorings for Spring and Summer; EmprasGlovcs for women— the best $1.0 O "«
& able for tucked costumes, in a perfect assort- just received. '23 and 14 inches wide; unusual valuss at thc ; gray, brown, tan, white, red, navy and black and — j^ will bj two of the mo* popular Silks of the coming Q ff glove mad- N • 3f
5 ment ofshada, priced per yard f nn P rices 5 P er yard ' : '. ; • &60S $1.00* $1.25 white; very best quality, per yard .... .: ? . . &UG , teason; instead of $1 we have marked them, yard &OC All qualities of glovet told by The Emporium,
h . . . ' mfyS.lMZjJ ; — — : — ' — — ; — — ; ; — , . . ' . ", ... ;¦ . . — ¦ — ~. »re warranted, fitted and kept ia repair frit of X
S 43-Inch Peau ds Oant — A very handsome satin , £73l»* _ m H " ** H & jar " ___^ m- hq * --jf '** ¦ Mi _rf - JL chares. 'S
% fiafahed imported material mauhlcss c O :or- W^iSi&S gffl SSOBWBG&tSG SSBiSSlPfttiGnf ' ~ S
V ings, thc correct weave for **& g*n tst^ —-<-," - . . O . Snwintt M & f* ifXHJ f* 29 f '- *X
*L . stvush .treet suit, pcr yard &1.9 U Many > Enticing Spacials for -Monday's Economical Shoppers. vpnng nsunwear- g
I Black Linings. *°? piec< % s oiFtahneBettes; strictly new,. perfect goods;; all neat light colorings; for underwear etc., will K** A U r g e J^-J^S'u^v^ ; %
I special Qualities at hose be so " °n iylonday only, at the astonishing price, per yard....... ::... ...............::.. "" *<«> &* new des ; gns for spring and sum- j
$ Pricos. Bleached Sheeting— Si inches v,dc for Fine White India Linon- An evenly White Wool Blankets-Co ton z P , ? h "'£ b c^rnbSon°Scck «rfd A,cot- |
«f Mercerizid Sateen, black and colors, yard. 20o double beds; a g?od heavy, undressed ma'erial; on made sheer fabric, full 32 inches wide, . and a ;..: re dor blue, borders, well made, nicely-finished. Either four-in-hand or bow effect- Madras ' X
$ SnctSnShe^ff^SkS^,^ «!<; Monday at two cents }*» than mill very unusual value at the _ price; we have .^, ..instead of pair, only. $1,78 '^^J^^ P«^»^
i 'color,, excellent quality, yard. . . " »ko COSt ' P cr • ' "' We . . marked t.em; p:r yard . . . . ;.-. . . . . 15C Fancy Plaid Blankets^™* h«gc, ei^loo: 75o and SOo %
5 Best Silk Moreens, all colors, yard.. . . 5QO • ,-.''.. nnln»t>rl flmaiti/mc- Fu'lv inchw' mode and gray, effects, fine enough for smokbg Silk Automobile Ties— With the stylish new >
| Boys' Wash Suits. [ P  ¦ New Decorated I
5 t™~ Lv^^/rY^n^^, • Fine White Blankets— Our guaranteed now MJGGurawea x
J I wo Dig specials Tor Monday Bleached Tafofe Linen— a cose heavy White VfctoHsi Lawn— A make almost Emporium -.: California; Blankcta, ; -best,^stock and Semi - Porcelain Ware. *
If Olily.' reliable damaik, iu.l 60 inches wide, an as sheer as India Linon, and a rea ly nice finish, large sizr, very Superior values, We have just received another lot of the --^i
tf At 63O—S° patterns to se'ect from, extra va!u=; per yard. • "... 50C artie'e, at thc absurdly low price p:r yard IQQ '" ." pair. .•......;........ . . . $4,95 Amtrican Beauty Semi-Porcelaia Ware, » thia ; X
g including fast color percales, Striped - — — — ¦ — j ¦ : — ; —'¦ — — — —^- — '— — — - — — — : and as china, with a dainty spray of violet* -J
I ' g|£ii: f "r"b5s m 3 t= I Speoiag Trunk Sale Monday. February Furniture Sale sS^Hat^ 1^ j I
tf years of age, a genuine $ I. OO value, Canvas covered Trunks, with two trays, top tray full covered, with large ¦.apartment for hats,' best . ,, ~ /_ ' ¦ , . " -.C^_ .' 103 pieces complete for twelve persons. . $2 0 5
. on Monday only /^»4T> lock and heavy bolts, bDth on front and eids of trunk, two strong leather .straps, six sizes at SaVW£J OnS»Q.Uarter to One-Half. 52 pieces complete far six persons .. . .$11 X
K f&Zg([* these special prices Monday on'y: '-%Vvi#^ * Tf vnn j, rp l n nk-incr fnr*U/2rH tn fnrni«;hincr C\ r\(*\\r hnme <Also sold in separate t>ucn. >
X .-•••••••; : ' * ' *"*"*- 2 8-inch, regularly $6. 50; on Monday $5. 2 9 34-inch, regularly i 8. 7S ; on Monday S7.1O ,, fLyOU are lOOKing TOnVara 10 TUmiSning 3. UQW X\OT[\e American Beauty Semi-Porcelaia Ware, same - -g
tf At 89a— A very large as'ortm:nt 30-inch, regularly $7.25; on Monday $5.7 3 36 inch, regu'arly $9.25; on Monday £7.60 TOr thlS SpHIlg, Or if yOU Only Want tO-- t)Uy Z. Single Chair, T«% « abore, in plain white. %
J. ofboys' wash Sai'or Suits toselect 32- r nch, regularly $8.00; on^Monday $6.30 38-inch, regularly . jgioj on Monday $8.05 this February Saic ,iV important to you— unless dollars saved are not im- I0 3 P iec « complete for twelve persons. . .S/# X
tf from, fast color percales, linen Cabin Trunks— Well mounted, good locks and Genuine "Lctther Dress Suit Case— I/men portant. There is still plenty in every line, yet of many patterns there are so 5^ P«« "™pletefo"Xp««oris . . ..$6 •{
I 7^"{nl Z tr^ /KcSrt^Sfo^eVt^S S^^Si^^^^t <-, duplicates that .= prospective buyers cannot affijrd to delay Ten times G^fffiS^J^™* j J
» terns, m both light and dark ettccts, . ;. • ~h "' GO. *5O ° Ur s P ace m t0 -° z Y s pap^r would not be enough to illustrate and describe all of dainty China, in two pretty shapes, with either X
tf sizes for 3 to 10 years a good $1.50 'fc^\ $3 , 8 5 ]&& /. $5.35 »-inch !w . : .' .' .' ! Ill JSjtfO the fi ? rn:ture ' bar S ains ' in thc Sale, so 'we; must content ourselves with irf&'SSSit^' 1 ?"*^ *
I vaue, spec:al Monday qq jM 5 nch . ,% t85 .^nchYze ..... . . . .%£„ hese few examples: > 'S. V ,; - . . ' .. %^j^^^^171 i
% only. . *^« r «^ 32-mch . . $.4.85 38-mch . . $6.35 26-inch size ... . •. . ... $6,QQ $ ¦> «v *«- g-n X
§ : Ercwn Canvas Te'escopes — All heavy leather bound, with extra leather corners; strong strapsj ¦' | . Fu'l ?/T^t'/'^^^^^^l r >' -» - ' {5
J Sate of Switches. . . . * ;y ; . TnTT" i— — *— s 4 STisu ¦' VWl"mTmTO^^8 : ' Choice Glassware 5
5 In Hair Dressing Department, main floor, l6 -' n - l8^ aa " n - , a6-,n. 3<H n., MJjilL tZlZCf? ' N^^j^ HiH^^W UlWICe UiaSSWarQ. |
fti* we will Eell on Monday and Tuesdiy only, good «r * OK «# tsn «* TZ <H 9 ftfS *^ 4iJ> 1 j *J> 7 *5 <!Q nti W ' « „ -» ¥ 'T** tjjj^jm^^^^^^y^^if^^rf ' wC#W9 nSW J*iTi\f*l!S» V
J. Geraian ind French Hair Switches, at these - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ J St_—— -— -~ j YfBT. ¦ t/'t'-—^' \& ¦' Thin Blown Water Tumbler. — Either ia Ir- IS
K r\ Hair Dressing 25CS Manicuring 25CJ ¦' /ffift ¦' 4 J» dC%d and special «lc price .. g*** yW -* ~ NtW ,?*, L * mo . IU ° «S«t— Ta3 dear gla« Jj
i- n&^l The best Bargains yet. -Last week of :¦ *^ ¦ """"' ""¦ " mp "" "' "" " g/ ' 5 ° : ?
t- Hecte Ruffs &1.S8. 1 i^A-ff/ ' the Sale of Gershel & Sons' Fine Cloaks rr-^x&^ff^^ ' 47lp5afBg5KSaf Grooerv Saarial* : 5
J. A Monday Sale. 'hrhfthM and Suits at 37c on the Dollar. •. ; - ¦ teit^I^m^s3Xl W^^wm^i Fn»Mn n n™ I
tf A new line expressed from New York; the f $ £ f^)H Gerjhe ,. $ Jickctj J J 3^ on DolIar _ Large assor , I Jl . : W£ W/fM _ ' c S
* . popular st3-lc that everybody is wearing; made Vj^jQS 5* ment of fine all-wool silk-lined Jackets;^ all kinds; mostly travel- ; li WA U-^= l^>' i • ' fS^I m&m BCSt Eastern HamS— Our choicest Su- .5
tf of fine, quality Liberty SJk, with Juby mm- . -^ erV samples; Gershel's prices were | 5 .oo to J 15:00; : our sale - ¥W 1^^£^^ M JP I ¦ : >W^^^^^ Jggfl\l ¦ •¦ gar Cured Hams on special sale 5
* mine: extra long pleated ends, three different '/ I ",-. ;:t.~\: „,;,, • • d>o tsn i>im _— _— — iNV C »H Wjh\ t -tti f r^ (L. V 'ii / r. I ,j,_ it. #r» T / »
i effeS-pIaiab'Ick.Kitlcwirii narrow white \ fI f .".'J/ V- " ' ' C ', ' ' ' $ 1 3j.\ 0 „ n X J Ib - •••••••.-••• /^K© •*
tf trimming and whice with narrow black trim- I I \\ S Ik Lined Jackets— Finest, all-wosl Kersey; black, and all colors; . ~*'J**T_ jS'A TS^=^=^^^T Baking Powder-Our Emporium money-back '*
tf ming; $2.50 values, 9 do«n only, on spe- \ \\ smply marvelous bargains; Gershel's prices' were $15.00 to - * ,$» .J '¦ [ ¦* '¦ \\^S^&0i0!k\ ' brand; none better made; Monday, i-H> jf
cial sale Monday, each . . . €£f m @Q it* 5^^^^ Jicket«, Ihree-Quarter Coats, Raglans— The a'7-inch Jackew arc ('J 'jCii ] ? | ¦-. Victory Mash— Very nutritiousj Monday, 4 J
j£ * . /^S^^T ' a il sil k lined; all the Coats and Rag'ans are all wool; finest mak- ' | = _-—^---^ -f -^ -~-'*^ : *^ / j "' y^-f^ t^ 1 "'"! "*' ?' packages.. . 25O V
tf _p , j.^ qq J^^g^ ing, new styles; the greatest of greit bargains; all colors and X"-- y^-^Jg?;^ ,1' j: ' \ « V O C/)W< W Seeded Raisinj — Nice larg: Raisins, b I-lb X
K tOG OGItSmette HC a black; Genhel's prices were £ao to $35; our tale price. $©,95 ' } 'jj^fgbl V Vi'^f^'H j packages; Monday, 3 packages . . . 25o «J
V' A special buy of 2500 yards o c this admirable Assorted lot of fine ?l!-wool Dresses; all new and fine styles; nearly !|^^^^^^^^J \ -g^j^ZJI ' ¦ Pork and Beans— In tomato sauce, Van "^
6 material ior draperies, furniture covers, cush- • »" «>«» «d sizes; Gershers prices were |x 8 to our sa!e price . •.-./.-¦. . $1>J.OO tf/3£?& ~* \\ '- » Ca»P'«5. M ° nda r, 3 tins. . . . . . 25o £
*C ion tops and fancy work- it is a full yard New Tailor Dresses — The best lot and the greatest bargains that wc have and the ; newest styles > V;^*"- : ,.' ¦ ~ *£IC2A^** . . * Van Camp S boups — Assorted varieties; Mon- X
$ wide, pretty and very desirable pattsrns ar.d and colors, a!so black;, Gershel's prices were to i 4 o; our sale price .".. ..$14 25 Mantef Cabinet Folding Bed— With, wire bed Sideboard^ (Ime cut) $J5J5-Elegantly carved «^y, 3 tins . . . . . ... ... . 25o
tf full line of colors; good value at 1 cc: a de- Skirls, Waists, Vnpper5, Etc., 37c on the Dollar— Golf Skirts and Dress-Length. Skirts; all spring complete, golden oak finish, an golden oak, with French plate mirror, plush Fancy Import! d 0 ives (Spanish)— Queens; ¦ J
*' cided bargain at Monday's price, per mm wool and fine styles, black and colon;, skirts that Gershel sold at from I5.00 to- 17.50; our J18.00 value; special ,0*4*% '¦' "9 tS : lined silverdraw; a^ii Af EZ T S regularly 3 5c bottle, Monday .... 25o X
K yar d . BMC saleprice. . ........;• • • ..... . ...... . : . . ... .$2.45 sale price %P>im&a Mmj) value, special sale price £9 ff&* £& Best Maine Corn— Perfect selected quality; X
J -' Pink Chambray 5hirt Wahtss were 75c; sile price . . ...... ... ... ." . . 19o '.- ¦ ¦' ; ' . " ; - : ' ' '-¦¦¦ " - '¦'¦' : '' / '"'' '' ' -¦' ¦ - -' : '¦ Monday, 6 tins . . 6S0 £
** SUl trt n 9 <v ffi«rfAHura<iN Flannel and Si k Waists— A Urge lot of the very finest, all of thc best styles, colors and qualities, " '. ' ' ; " 498 «*
tf men s unaerwear A Gsneral Clean-Up of AWKinds of : Whisky Special $
ft S3Q m ':\ Very fine all-wool Golf Skirts, in a big assortment, finest making - and styles; Gershel s ' prices . • • •' '¦ '"¦ ~ '¦ k ¦'-.' - : '' ' _-. '.a '¦ - "^ ¦ %
t» -¦ , . were $5.00 U Jioioo; our sale price . . ......... . . . .$3.75 W^^S/TP/Tife/OB^cS* *^E^ttM E&RBJT>B «3» - For MoncJaVm *S
v A gocd quality of Camel s Hair Underwear, New Flannelette Wrappers - Lined waists and finely made, all this season'! best dirk patterns, %J&&M «^(lra«9 &ffffS&8 JTli »£? SJT *9 0 K'ntUcW Bille BflUrhon 'Whf^v *
tf nice soft finish, well made and guaranteed a g ; wcfc |l<o^ our $ll ricc . # _ # f ? ..'. , ...... . .. ..5^ ;.--,'.• - ....... . KentUCiy BCUC BOUrtOn WfllsKy—
tf , good weanng^ garment; good value at.the Cashmjri Wipers and Tea Gcwns-At exactly half price. V : •;'.-,.: - Thinfco! Carpeting a room 12 Icet by 13^ lect^wHh gopdiwool law Bras- . A'&vonte with hundreds of custom- J
S ' o^ g ? ™MonZ?$«T 69C AIU6.00 Tea. Gown. ... $3.OO All |io.oo Tea Gown, ..... . $s.OO sch for $11.75. That's what you .'dm do here to-morrow, Md h's only one ol e " of f^= Bi^Stoie; -on Monday |
I ottertn g tofAlonda yon'y". . %**,*, Au^.gpTea G°wn».. ... . . $3. 75 All $15.00 Tea Gowns . . ,. . . $7.5O mapy hundred bargains yov'll find here during Fcbrvary. ,' , only, full quart bottles .. —r—^ J
t '.R&'Ciifa+e; tf^ Wnm&M'& B®&t' S2f BO J^rJ^«' AminsterCarpct--A:goodde e ppiI C ; ChMpto^W^Anothcr favorite, I
* OTMO£|rS> WWUm&n » O^^« fy£a&U ,. ; /®^^e^ double weave, ; handsome and. ef: very handsoms designs can be seen straight goods; reduced Monday to, |
If **D"' t» v The new 1902 styles in ! Women's Lace Sho;s haVe just : been received from the 'fective designs; special <&'JB^- in this linep special sale q^* • gallon * £1> <df)
fj}°*y™^ 1 VT^rt manufacturer. They are made of the best quality of vici" kid, top e:thcr dull ;sa!e''r^icc;' ; p^yardr:V^':i/^fiF.*? j I^pmeC^i V7\;^.V^^ ¦; ".K Sf€»C white Wine— A* d'e^-j "sp^rkUng " diancr" saut- J»
g Owls'* (/-BVBEil or shiny kid finish end kid tips, the toes are in latest style, thc soles welted Tapestry Brussels Carp:t — Bright, Linoleum!— A new. shipment this week erne; on Monday, gallon S5o '%
* Nathafl HalcS*/ W r^iL extension, military heels; they are stylish, well made shoes that will give cheerful and effective designs; worth ' : j direct from the mills, -6 lccf wide; V. H. Girn-Per bottle. . . . . $1,50 x
¦ .'FORSALKBTf ¦.
NEWMANr&LEVINSON.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS /CO.
;-'.-\ LIVINGSTON B«OS. -
:,-¦'- HALE BRUtf. v r" "
"I found your^ Canfieldj Dress
Shields ,'excellehtj ?and 7 more v durable
than any other I Have used. -; : .; • , : ¦:
Will you .kindly forward ine" two dozen
to niy address,' BoulevardPeriere, Paris
. SARAH ;BERNHARDT
April 7th,7i9bi :'•,'.¦;
Caufield Shields.
what, Sarah >BernhardU Says? of
Seamless, Odorless ,/N^_j^^V;
Moisture. Soft as «j|f
anteed and all dam- Nskfeu-rfuorfiS^^^
ADVEBTISElffENTS.
SENT FRtt 'follHir
A Host Remarkable Remedy Thu
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package' Sent by Mail
to All Who Writs. . .
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical • Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
Jcr years against the mental and physical
suffering ol lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment, and all men who suiter from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
Irom. youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can pow cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, givlns strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
• from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 32S Klektron • building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
cf their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous «f reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home • to be
treated, and the fre« samples will enable
them to see how easy. It is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper : reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be tent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers ar« requested to writ©
without delay.
THE EMFOBIUM.
THE EMPORITJM.
THE EMPOBJTJltJ
THE EMP0EIT7M.
THE V EMPOBITJM.
THU EMPORIUM.
IwEftm sped pa^tI
WE'VE ©pED PAST I
competing concern's. . That technical skill of workmanship which 1
produces in vehicles both beauty .and strength without sacrificing 1
either makes our carriages superior in every detail to those of other B
' If you are difficult to' satisfy we request you to Inspect our- ve- |l
> hides before buying a carriage that does not perfectly suit you. . H
\ Golden Gate Av& JSpecial information; supplied dally to
business ' houses . and public men by - the
Press Clipping. Bureau (Allen's); 510 Mont
somery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
As yet there is but onei gubernatorial candidate in the: open field, but the: woods are full
of them; and a good, many are Visible .through the brush,; -^ . - _ . . ,
- Townsend'a California glace fruits, EOca
pound, : In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. A nice present for^Eastern fr'l»nds'
139 Market St., Palace Hotel building " •
President '. Roosevelt has refused to approve the -finding of the army board recommending
him. for appointment to ,the' rank of ;bngadier general., -As the is commander-in-cHief,
Mr. Roosevelt prefers not to /be known as a brigadier.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhourid candy.' Townsend's.*
The recent reorganization , of the street-car, lines -in ' NewYork has brought out the fact
that there are more miles pi^horse-car lines in that city than. in all the rest of the United States
combined. While' other cities have adopted electric •¦ or cable cars New York 'has stuck to her
horses and now has ; something : approaching a ; monopoly of that form of • street-car traction. * •
-A' chance question in the Commons from a Liberal who wished to harass the Ministry a
little raised a controversy concerning the relations of the various powers to the .United States
at the outbreak of the Spanish , war. Lord Cranborne, who spoke ' for the Ministry, made state
ments which" implied that other ; powers had been unfriendly to the United States while Great
Britain had been friendly.- The statement was promptly challenged by other v powers and by
Germany in particular. ¦ The result has been a revelation that Pauncefote, after President , Mc-
Kinley had declined to accept any mediation or interference' from the powers, had undertaken in
Washington to get.the powers to unite'in a joint noteof protest against a declaration of war on '
our:part. Lord Cranborne has now asserted that Pauncefote •had no authority from his Govern
ment make '.'any such' suggestion.;. ¦. The venerable dipipmatist is therefore revealed (as an or^^^
ciou's meddler in business that did not concern -him and that exceeded his powers. He will now
go out of officeunder a blight. He ,is one more man who stayed in the ring too long. He should ¦
have-quit the game: 'while fortune waswitri' him; ' - '
¦ ¦¦¦..- *
WHEN Lord Pauncefote went home to England last summer it was reported that he
would retire from "¦'the active work of diplomacy' and settle himself down to a well-earned
repose. It would have .been s good thing for him had the report been true. His
lordship is an old man, and last summer he was at the climax of diplomatic good
fortune. He was nearly as much esteemed in. this country as in his own. He was looked upon
as the man who had stood up for the United States against the diplomatists of. Europe, and en
joyed a greater popularity than perhaps any other British Minister who ever served at Washing
ton. Had he retired .^at that time,, therefore, he would have carried with him to his home all
the honors and dignities that rightly accompany an illustrious life;
Unfortunately for himself he did not know when. to quit. He developed an ambition to
remain in the harness long enough to complete the Nicaraguan canal treaty, and to arrange for
the settlement of other. questions that are at issue between the United ' States and Great- Britain.
He doubtless believed that the good opinion, he .had gained among the. American people would
be helpful, in solving '-diplomatic problems without friction; -and so he put away all thoughts of
retirement and returned to Washington in high hopes and with bright prospects.
XjOI^ID DIIjEJ3yE3^^..
•' U ¦¦¦-¦ ¦ -¦ '' "Jft -^T
however,' surprises no, one who knows th«
¦work of this most competent and modest
teacher, whose efforts I am glad 6f|tha
rare opportunity, to praise. And, though
it Is yet no matter of astonishment that
Mr. Slocum should come all the way to
California for a star, it is still a matter
of ' worthy pride.
• • •
The Hofmann recitals and the sym
phony concerts of Friday afternoon have
made the last week a notable one. The
programme for the coming week Is also
one . of exceptional . Interest. Hofmann
begins it this evening with a farewell
recital, with a menu composed of the fa
vorite numbers from his other pro
grammes, in which will be Included the
"Tannhauser" overture, th© "Chor der
Dervise" (Beethoven-Saint Saens), the
Moszkowskl "Jongleur" and some favor
ite Chopin numbers.
To-morrow evening Mne. Nordica be*
gins her long-awaited series of recitals,
that, however, are amply worth,
the •waiting 1 for. There Is no>
more admirable artist than Nor
dica now before the public, and sho
is at her best in song recital. She should
be heard, by .every lover of song at its
best, and doubtless will be largely wel
comed. It Is announced that the- singer
has completely recovered from her re
cent indisposition and will give the gam©
three programmes in the same order as
before announced, on the evenings o£
Monday and Wednesday and on Saturday,
afternoon next. HfSff
The Columbia as usual leads, and with
an Imposing array of attractions. With
the exception of Sothern. in his new and
what must by report be a remarkably
fine play, "If I Were King"; Leslie
Carter in her latest strong personal suc
cess, "Du Barry"; "dear old Stoddard"
in "The Bonnie Brier Bush." in which he
has won much new renown, and Annie
Russell, Maude Adams an* Mrs. Kiske
in their new repertoire— most of the big
There Is a sort of sag in the theatrical
programme of the moment, but the mor
row's menu pleases, and as with a hun
gry boy with his nose to the cookshop
window, the scent of the finer fare may
somewhat console for the present scant
ness.
complished pantomimist, heads the list,
and others well known in the interpreta
tion of musical comedy and burlesque are
to be found, among them Alice Holbrook.
Lillian Coleman, Prlscilla Verne. Lou
Bates. WInfield Blake. Charles Hlldesh
ley. Harry Hermsen. Arthur Lane and
Walter Lehay. ' Scenery, costumes and
the rest are promised on a scale of sump
tuousness to which even Weber & Fields
is a stranger. Not quite that, perhaps,
but we shall see, and meantime lath and
plaster reign in the former home of the
pretzel and vaudeville. *
THE quite new thing in the theatri
cal spring programme Is the new
theater of burlesque, formerly
Fischer's Concert-house, that .is
to be opened at the beginning of
the coming week with a company of bur
lesquers imported direct from New York.
It is not quite determlnable what charac
ter the new theater will take on. but its
first offering will be a musical comedy
skit, with an English pedigree, called
"The French Maid." The company
promises very well, indeed. The name of
Mile. Pllar Morin. the charming and ac-
YOUNG SINGER ¦WHO RE
CEIVED OFFER FROM KIRKE
LA SHELLE COMPANY.
The other, person tobe affected by the
defection '. of Miss ; Sylva 1 from the "Prin
cess Chic" i company . Is - Miss Beatrice
Micnelena, 7 elder, ; sister - of I* Miss .Vera.
whom Mr.< Slocum is also very desirous of
adding to the Klrke • La Shelle forces.
While there . Is : here no question' of a
phenomenal .voice' or; talent,-, there is, a
pretty voice well trained,. and another re
markably: pretty girl, to boot, who should
add much to the laurels of the State some
day.;- Miss iBeatrice has arrived at. the
mature age of IS, and, like her slater, will
probably continue 'her -studies for some
time to come. , ; In addition ', to > this Mr."
Slocum' has promised ; to lend an enthusi
astic " ear , at any .time to . .any of the
Michelena ; pupils ; whom > Mr. « Michelena
considers ¦ worthy of ' a , hearing, which.
It is not at all probable*, however, that
the talented girl will enter for some time
yet* upon the flattering career so suddenly
opened to her. It was her. own and her
parents' Intention that she should become
a Binger in graad opera, and that is how
It may come out '; after all. Meantime,
this little lass iwith ' the wonderful voica
will stay at home and study, under 4 the
tutelage of her father, and in a year there
will be more ' to i hear of her.
Her parents are both devoted to the art,
and It will be remembered that Michelena,
now. perhaps the leading exponent of the
art of singing here, was for many years
principal tenor, with. .Emma Abbott.
Neither is his work of late years at the
TIvoll forgotten of the faithful. But it
came f as a matter of surprise s to the
Michelenas, as to most parents, when the
offer of a five-year contract with .the
KIrke La Shelle management for. their
16-year-old {daughter i revealed the fact
that the little girl was a child no longer
to outside eyes. For that is how Mr. Slo
cum is prepared to back his opinion of
Miss Vera Michelena. He offers, in the
name of his company, to give the young
girl a five-year, contract, during . which
time she is to play leading parts for the
first year and to star, for the, remainder
of the engagement, ' the ¦ offer ¦ to remain
open ; indefinitely. ; He further prophesies
a complete and immediate success for the
young Californian, whenever she shall
make her appearance on the stage, and
is nothing short of extravagant in her
praise. . "3£HB • . '
IT will be no matter of astonishment to
any true Calif ornian, who freely con
fesses himself above the possibility of
surprise ) in the regard, to learn that
. John .Palmer Slocum, manager of the
Kirk La Shelle attractions, has discovered
here a coming comic opera star of the
first magnitude. It fell out rather curlos
ly that the desertion of Marguerite Sylva
from the leading role In "Princess Chic."
just before that attractively pirated opera
made Its appearnce here, should affect, al
together pleasantly, the fortune's of three
Californian singers. Miss Maude Lillian
Berrl "was the first, and her competent
and taking performance, In, Miss Sylva' s
part is still fresh in the mind of the local
patriot, and at his" tongue's end when the
made in California things are' mentioned. 1
The other is a different' story. % I
'"When the original Princess Chic de
serted the company at Denver, the appar
ent catastrophe was the means of bring
ing out from' New York the Kirk La
Shelle manager, J. P. Slocum. at a pace
only compatible with the movements of
those unfortunates dependent upon the
capricious pleasure T of the prima donna.
The immediate success, of Miss Berrl: in
the role she assumed so hastily rendered
that part of Mr. Slocum's duty of the
lightest^ and he then began the usual im
presarial voyage of discovery.
It is the impresario's habit, as well as
his duty and sometimes pleasure, to give
a hearing to the aspirant for operatic
honors in every town, to which his fortune
takes him. So_ stars are found, and the
search is pursued with the zest and ex
citement of a hunt for burled treasure
generally with the same result be It said.
It happened differently this time, how
ever, and Mr. Slocum thinks that in Miss
Vera Michelena, the daughter of Fer
nando Michelena, he has found that of
which every, manager is in search— a new
star. He is by way of saying that Miss
Michelena is In all respects the most ex
ceptionally well-equipped young woman
that he has ever happened across In his
managerial experience, musically gifted
with a lovely voice, a robust, musicianly
sense and a technical attainment that
makes her limited years an unmitigated
astonishment. She has further a viva
cious, bonnie beauty that spells perfect
health, and a personality of sound, whole
some, unspoiled charm.
Miss Michelena comes naturally enough
by her musical faculty.
The Tivoli will have afgrand' opera sea
son, for which Manager : Leahy is now
securing Italy, for the best. material to be
obtained, and its ' light opera . programme
contains '"The Serenade," .': "The = Fortune
Teller" and other sterling favorites of the
lighter operatic ' germs. We' shan' t starve
this summer. - .
The Neill season will be seventeen weeks
this year/ and .the clever company comes
armed vrith an almost entirely new, reper
toire. Florence Roberts will have her
usual season""at the Alcazar, with ltE,
usual range, from "Saphb" to Shakes
peare, though "Sapho" Is this year
"Zaza" of auburn-aureoled memory.. The
Frawley Company will' fill .. pleasant
weeks at the Grand Opera-house, that
also promises a Melbourne MacDowell
season, Edward Harrigan : for a" week or
two and Maude Fealy for a four ; weeks',
season. Miss Fealy is the youngest lead
ing lady on the stage and has lately been
playing with William Gillette in London.
The usual stock seasons are three dur
ing the summer, the Frawley . season at
the Grand Opera-house, the Neill season
at' the California Theater and the "Flor
ence Roberts 'season at the Alcazar Thea
ter. To these will be added a- short sea
son of five weks of the legitimate , by
Frederick Warde at the California. '
E. S. Willard brings "The Cardinal,"
that the actor likes best of all his plays;
and E. J. Morgan will be seen as John
Storm In "The Christian," which strenu
ous role suits. Mr. Morgan's strenuous
methods to a nicety. Elsie Leslie, once
upon a time Little Lord Fauntleroy, will
be the Glory. Quayle. Grace Elllston,
whose large-eyed prettiness is better re
membered than any of her dramatic ef
fort so far. Is said to have .' come out
strongly as Bonita in Augustus Thomas'
"Arizona," that will be seen here during
the season. Miss Elliston was with Mr.
Miller last summer, It will be remember
ed. It has been. rumored that NatC Good
win and Maxlne Elliott were about to
have a dramatic separation, the difficulty
of finding plays for co-stars being more
than common. But they will be seen here
together in "When .We Were ¦¦" Twenty
one," some time this summer, which
means another good rumor gone wrong
for some time, at any rate. Blanche
Walsh is another coming Columbia at
traction and will be seen in "La Made
leine." •
Differently, but equally attractive, wiil
be the Henry Miller engagement, more
particularly from the fact that Mr.
Miller's company will be adorned this
year with the presence of Margaret An
glin, who was so heartily missed during
Mr. Miller's last season. ,* Miller, brings
with him several new plays, among them
H. V. Esmond's latest achievement. "The
Wilderness," "Frocks and \ Frills" and
"Trelawney of the Wells,'? not to men
tion "Heartsease," which is perennial as
a Patti farewell tour. "The Second in
Command," with John Drew, the gentle
manly, conservative and polished, is also
on the cards, with a brilliant record to Its
name so far, j though John Drew as an
awkward .major who comes in only for
the crumbs that fall from the banquet of
life has a role that Is . unfamiliar to his
peculiar excellencies.
Mrs. Pat Campbell, the famous English
actress for whom a prominent journal of
her ' native London fears a dramatic
coarsening from, the American stage, will
doubtless attract a large attention here
on her forthcoming visit. She wiil be
seen most probably In "The Notorious
Mrs. Ebbsmith," "Magda"/ or "The Sec
ond Mrs. Tanqueray." William Gillette,
who won out so blithely over . the
"booing" cabal that was raised against
him in London recently, will bring "Sher
lock Holmes" some time during the sea
son, and it is said that for a perfect fit
between actor ' and part Gillette's Sher
lock Holmes Is impossible to beat. It is
not less impossible to estimate the com
parative popularity of the actor and the
famous detective he represents.
people and plays seem to be heading this
way. Richard Mansfield comes with the
new play made from Booth Tarklngton's
book "Beaucalre," in which the great
actor Is said to have a great opportunity,
though the rest of the company pines
vainly for a whack at the center of the
stage.
PANTOMIMIST WHO HEADS THE
LIST OF ATTRACTIONS AT THE
NEW FISCHER THEATER. •
His arrest followed upon exposure, and after several vain attempts to evade punishment,
after lying like another' Ananias, he was at last cornered and pleaded guilty.. ,.< • ,
Then ensued one of the most disgraceful incidents that ever disfigured California juris
prudence. The Superior Judge before whom he was arraigned stood him up for sentence. This
' Judge in passing sentence said: "I have investigated his character and find that during the, last
five years it has been excellent. He served his country three years, , and during the last two has
been employed as a motorman in San Francisco and Oakland. Outside this last trouble his con
duct has been exemplary. Lieutenant Allison, under whom he served, told me that he had always
been sober, and faithful to the flag under which he served. So good a soldier 'cannot be alto- .
gether bad." A . ¦'"¦'.
Then addressing the scoundrel this remarkable Judge said: "As .by. pleading guilty you
havesaved the county the expense of a trial, and have shown that you intend to live down this
disgrace, I do not think leniency will be misplaced in this case," and proceeded to give him one
year in the penitentiary! . <''¦''¦¦}¦;:''
•It is difficult to write calmly of this Judge. During the five years that the fellow was a
wife-deserter, guilty of the most sneaking, sinister- and injurious offense against morals* the
Judge regarded his conduct as "exemplary." That means, woithy to be, followed, deserving of
imitation. According to his darkened judicial mind wife desertion is- worthy of all praise and
. general imitation, sohe complimented the wsetch who sneaked away from his faithful wife and
the little children she 'had borne him. A part of this exemplary conduct consisted in his en
deavor to entrap another virtuous girl into a bigamous marriage, before he captured his last
victim. This Judge, this lawyer, this remarkable person who is supposed to know the law of the
marriage contract, regards this as evidence of good character! If the fellow had forged, a note
for $25 it would have been heinous misconduct. But he merely forged for himself a character
and passed it upon an innocent lady to her undoing, and the Judge compliments him upon his .
purpose to live down this little slip! Not a word for the poor girl who was the victim of the .
worst that can befall a woman, disgraced by the lying false pretenses of this deserter of his
lawful wife and children. "Leniency," says this Dogberry, "will not be misplaced." Had he
possessed the notions of morality that were the virtues of a Piute Indian, he would have realized
the enormity of the offense against its victim and through her against society. But instead, he
issues judicial license to that class of offenders, weeps on their shoulders and is gratified that
1 they will "live down" the peccadillo! ' :;?::'¦
Going now to the complimented recipient of this star brand of judicial leniency, let us
study his exemplary character in his own comments after being taken back to jail. This wife
deserter and bigamist said: "I'm a lucky, man. I;- was afraid I'd get the limit. I consider; myself
.well out of this trouble." Then speaking of his victim he -said: "I will not say one word agairist
./her. It is her relatives who have poisoned' her mind against me.".. .._ r ' v ,. .,< .
We desire the- parents of daughters to read that and see if they can admire "the* exem
plary character" of such a moral monster. Let them note his serious intimation ,that the virtuous
girl he had entrapped into a non-legal, bigamous marriage had not the self-respect and regard
for her character to resent his crime, but her parents had to /"poison her' mind" against
her destroyer! ;
The fathers and mothers of Alameda will have the opportunity some day to express their
opinion of the Judge who defiles the berichand the ermine by his maudlin slobber over this en
emy of womanhood and destroyer of happiness.
The poor woman is left to support a child to be born out of legal wedlock, to bear the
burning burden put upon her by this subject of judicial compliment -and leniency, who has
added another to the list of innocent children he strews upon the world in his career of "exem
plary conduct."
If anything were needed to add to the luster.of the bench it is found in another sentence
imposed directly afterward by the' same Judge upon a man who, during an assault, had broken
another, man's leg. He got eighteen months in the penitentiary! In'the judicial judgment it is
a higher crime to break a man's leg than to break a woman's heart, tarnish her name and make
her a mother without having been a wife. . " • '' ' t
,'¦ ¦'• But the man was a scoundrel, a wretch of the lowest order, a cur on two feet. He. had.
| deserted a good wife and his young children in Pennsylvania, left them to starve or to charity , v
arifl had hidden his miserable jdentkyby_ enlisting for the Philippines. Bullet and bolo struck
dead better men , and this; wife-deserter escaped, served out liis enlistment and .came back to his
¦ own country to deceive another gentle and trusting woman. The • publicity given to his big
amous marriage was the means of carrying it to the deserted wife, and the awful i.news of 'the
deception of which she had been the victim was. sent to the stricken girl' in Oakland. With-: it
came the information that before the wretch met her he had attempted to marry another good
/..California girl, but the deserted wife found 'it out and notified her in ti^eVtO iinmask the villain
V I 9"^ l° n g a &° an excellent' young lady in Oakland married a motorman oh the electric
-; vV . railroads of that city. With her it was romance, expectation of happiness, a home and
, a protector. : Her friends congratulated. The newspapers felicitated and life began in
¦•;¦•; ;. : the new home, all sunshine. . .; \'\\' : .
THE Xi^-^V" THE 3j^.DY,;
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTO?*.
ACHIEVEMENT OF COMIC
OPERA STAR STILL REMAINS FRESH
IN MIND OF PATRIOT.
BURLESQUE THEATER
IS THE QUITE NEW THING IN CITY'S
SPRING PROGRAMME.
BY GUISARD.
¦THS,^AN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAYy FEBRTJAliY 16, iwa-;.
THE SAN FRANCISCO qALL,
JOHN D/SrrntGKELS,' Proprietor. : : ' . ¦ ¦ '¦ Address Communications to W,,'bi LEAKE, Manager
Sunday ..":..:. .... ...... ¦¦'.."..'...¦.". ...:.:.^. :...¦!. ....... ;^. : ... ;:.;.' ........'.:... ..;......;. February fie^iooa
Publication Office.. . ..;............ <2^^^^^»> ' ' ' .' .. .V. .................... Market and Third. S. F
,'¦¦.• ¦ •«•'•¦. ¦¦¦¦- ••: '. . ' ' v -,'r.-' : : '.'V ! - . . '¦
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEKTIS2ME1TTS.
. Your Fortune Told Free. ¦¦',',
iRY THF 7flDIAf • Ast «>lo8;y reveals your '
DI I IlC LUlilAL life. We will send you
' a Horoscope Reading of your life, and a ¦
'most interesting Boole on Astrology, If you .
'send the date of your birth and a ttamp for
-return postage. Our readings hive mada
1 oeople happy and full of hope and success. '
, Address MAGAZINE OF MYSTERIES. 22
, North William St.. N. T. City. ¦ , .
A spontaneous epidemic of Grip has
broken out all over the country. From the
East, West, North and South. come re-
ports of prominent people who are victims
of the Grir>— actors* and actresses' places
are being filled by understudies, speakers
disappoint their audiences, preachers their
congregations. Society leaders' hearts arc
made sad, <«nd their drawing-rooms de-
pleted by regrets from stricken guests.
And yet there is an infallible preventive
and cure by which you can keep your so-
cial and business engagements — only carry
in your pocket and take a few pellets oc-
casionally of Dr. Humphreys' Celebrated
Specific "SEVENTY-SEVEN" ("77"). and
you will be Immune from Grip and Colds.
At druggists, 25c.
PREVENTS AND
BREAKS U?
$$tssmmm$2
The skin is the seat of an almost end*
less variety of diseases. They are knewa
by various names, but are all due to the
same cause,' acid and other poisons in
the blood that irritate and interfere with
the proper action of the skin.
To have a smooth, soft skin, free from
all.eruptions, the blood must be kept pura
and healthy. The many preparations o!
arsenic and potash and the large number
of face powders and lotions generally
used in this class of diseases cover up
for a short time, but cannot remove per-
manently the ugly blotches and the red,
disfiguring pimples.
Eternal vigilance is the price
of a beautiful complexion
when such remedies are relied on.
Mr. H. T. Shobe, 3704 1.ucas Avenue, St. I/Kiis,
Mo., says : "My daughter was afflicted for years
with a disfiguring eruption on her face, which
resisted all treatment. She was taken to two
celebrated health springs, but received no bene-
fit. Many medicines were prescribed, but with-
out result, until we decided to try S. S. S., and by
the time the first bottle t« as finished the eruption
began to disappear. A dozen bottles cured bet
completely and left her »kin perfectly smooth.
She 13 now seventeen year3 old, and not a sign of
the embarrassing disease hzs ever returned."
S. S. S. is a positive, unfailing cure for
the worst f orm3 of skin troubles. It is
the greatest of all blood purifiers, and the
only one guaranteed purely vegetable.
i Bad blood makes btid complexions.
«C^ «L^ rates the old and
;lkSK!^5^^*^Wk. makes new, rich blood
tnat nourishes the
IQP' body and keeps the
skin active, and healthy and in proper
condition to p e r f o r m its part' towards
carrying off the impurities from the body.
' If you have Eczema, Tetter, Acne, Salt
Rheum, Psoriasis, or your skin is rough
and pimply, send for our. book on Blood
and Skin Diseases and write our physi-
cians about your case. No charge what*
ever for this service.
. SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA, CA.
BAD BLOOD,
BAD COMPLEXION.Child's Act Causes Disaster.
Dubois offered an amendment providing
that the director of. the census shall col
lect annually statistics concerning the
business of trusts or industrial combina
tions, the . ¦• statistics • to be collected
through reparts,made to the director by
the responsible heads of such concerns and
to cover all details of the business. The
amendment was rejected, 17 to 31, the
vote being along strict party lines, except
that McEnery (D.) of Louisiana voted
against the amendment.
On motion of Teller the bill -was amend
ed so as to provide for an assistant di
rector of the census at a salary of $1000
per annum /and further that the terms
of appointment of both the direct and
assistant director should be four years.
-An. amendment was offered by Allison
and adopted, providing that In the annual
collection of statistics of births : and
deaths the data shall be obtained enly
from registration areas. .
"That all employes of the census office,
except unskilled laborers, at the date of
the passage of this act shall be and they
are hereby placed without further exam
ination under the provision of the civil
service act." •
'The discussion continued for some time,
practically the whole civil service system
being .threshed over. Finally Gallmger
gave notice of an amendment,, declaring
that persons who had served as soldiers
in any war in which the United States
has engaged and the widows of such sol
diefs snail. have preference in the matter
of certification. I J^odge's amendment was
rejected without division. Gallinger then
offered his amendment. It was accepted
by Quarles, in charge of the bill, and it
was adopted. Many ineffectual efforts
wore made to amend section. 5. Finally
on motion of McComas, the first para
graph of section 5; was amended so as to
read :
In support of his amendment Lodge
argued mat if all the, persons at present
in the employ of the census office should
bj placed aroitrarily within the classified
service without further examination, . it
would work a hardship upon ' those who
had taken civil service examinations and
were oa the eligible list. • .
The pending ; amendment was that of
Lodge to amend [ the paragraph relating
to the retention of employes so that it
would read that "all employes of the
twelfth census ; office at ihe date of the
paseage of this act who were, retained in
the employ of the permanent census,
above tne grade of ; skilled laborer, shall
be' and they are hereby placed without
further examination unaer the provisions
of the civil service act." , ,
\;The great contest of the day, of course,
was' over -the transfer to the. classified?
service of the employes of the census of-j
flee -. who are to be retained in the perma
nent | establishment, j It involved . the ' en
tire civil service question and the debate
covered much of the ground that hereto
fore had been gone over in Congressional
debates.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.-During { the
entire session to-day the Senate hadiun-r
der consideration tthe bill, establishing a
permanent census office, jit was not com
pleted, but an agreement -was reached to
take ' it' up again immediately j after ; the
executive .session that is to be held on
Monday next for the consideration of the
Danish treaty. ; , -"
Civil '[ Service System Fur
nishes Basis for Con- .
-troversy.
Senators Have Debate on
Permanent Bureau ¦
Question.
CENSUS OFFICE
A STORM CENTER
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 15.— District At
torney Irwln to-day concluded his argu
ment on pleas of abettment in the case of
B. D. Greene et al., charged with con
spiracy against the Government. Judge
Spear took the matter under considera
tion. The defendants were allowed to
leave the courtroom, but are not permit
ted to go beyond the confines of Chatham
County.
Defendants Held in the County.
"Arizona" has not been quite living up
to expectations In the way of full houses,
though King Edward's appreciation of the
play may turn the tide in its favor. The
famous Old Globe Theater has . been or
dered : to be : shut, up in -March, as, the
County Council will then begin its de
molishment to make way for new street
improvements. In consequence of the un
expected shortness of its lease of life,
"The Heel of Achilles" will be withdrawn
February 19, Julia Neilson and Fred
Terry, then substituting a revival of
"Sweet Nell of Old Drury." : At the Ave
nue Theater ."The Cigarette Maker's Ro
mance", ended its> run to-night.' It will
be succeeded by "Little Lord Fauntte
roy." "
LONDON, Feb. 15.— Thanks to the as
siduity with which the royal family is
patronizing them, the theaters, with few
exceptions, are doine well. "Mice and
Men" has been particularly successful,
and its lease of the Lyric Theater will
be prolonged until August IS.
With the Assistance of Titled
Visitors.
London Theaters . Do Good Busines
FAVOR OF ROYALTY
HELPS THE PLAYERS
MORMONS ENDEAVOR
TO GAIN DANISH* FAVOR
Received and Some Have Been
Banished.
Missionaries From "Utah. Not Well
COPENHAGEN, Feb. 15.— The Mormons
are making strong efforts to gain a per
manent foothold in Denmark. It is no
torious that this little country has fur
nished a large quota of emigrants for
Utah, where there are thousands of Dan
ish Mormons. Some of the most promi
nent leaders of thi3 sect are Danes.
Danish missionaries who have been sent
to work in their native land have not
been well received In Denmark. I Most ot
them have been banished from the coun
try as soon as it was discovered that they
were here to gain converts to their reli
gion and to encourage people to emigrate
to Utah.
One Hundred and. One Years Old.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 15.— Mrs. Eliza
Bray, an Inmate of the County Infirmary,
will celebrate her one hundred and first
birthday to-morrow. In honor of the oc
casion services will be held at the hospi
tal by the Baptist church congregation,
of which Mrs. Bray is a member. For
the past year this well known Sonoma
County centenarian ha3 been in very
feeble health. *
Railroad Manager Denies Report.
OMAHA, Feb. 13.— General Manager
Holdredge of the Burlington stated to-day
that there was no truth in the Walla
Walla, report that his road contemplated
building a line from Billings across tha
Blue Mountains to Milton, Or.
BOZEMAN, Mont., Feb. 15.— Mrs. Lucy
Black, recently convicted of having pois
oned her husband, was to-day sentenced
to ten years' imprisonment in the State
penitentiary. Mrs. Black strongly pro
tested her innocence. , - ¦¦ <• ¦ ¦.,
Lucy Slack Is Sentenced.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Feb. 15.— Because
they could not get whisky Ne Ka Sha,
Hugh Miller and Allen Gibson, full-blood
Osage Indians under 30 years ; of age,
drank a concoction of wood alcohol
vanlla, cologne and florida water, which
killed them. They suffered agonies for
hours, u . "¦':.¦¦-¦;¦•¦:.>•¦..' ;\ ,-..:•- , , : >.
Mixed Drink Kills Indians.
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon Charles E. Freeman,, now at San
Francisco, will report to the Department
of California for transportation to the
Philippines. Contract Surgeon Ernest E
Roberts, now at Los Cerrillos, New Mex
ico, will proceed to San Francisco for
transportation to the Philippines.
These pensions were granted: California
— Original— John Perigo, Fort Point, S6;
James A. Barrows, Los Angeles, $10; Rob
ert Gwtherp, Dutch Flat, $8; Smith P.
Corning, China Flat, $8. Mexican war-
Andrew Lauer, Lotus, $12: Edmund Haley
McPike, Calistoga, $12;. James Campbell
Ketchum, Veterans' Home, Napa, $12. ,
Oregon— Increase— Walter St. Clair. Co
quille, $S.
Washington— Original— John Glazebrook,
Mondovl, $8.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15— The Postofflice
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postofflce established— Oregon— Ti
mon, Coos County, James L. Bean, Post
master. Appointed— California— H. H.
Campbell, Kettle, Plumas County, vice F.
J. Neasaman, resigned; J. T. Spaulding,
Stobie, Neodoc County, vice" Violet Stoble,
resigned. Oregon— J.v L. Marsh, Fair
mount, Lane County, vice L., E. Yeager,
removed. : ,
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
£ SANi QUENTIN.1 Feb.'; 15.— The jute" mill
is now; runnings full stime,- the s electric
power ; being quite 'satisfactory. 1- There' Is
a saving 'of. : about^ 150 .V horsepower over
steam and it' will costthe. State $7000 less
annually to ooerate the vlanU ,'_j,_ -.,
Money ; Saved , to 'the State.
Feb. 15— Orders ' have
been > received ; f rom ; ; Peking (to -.transfer
the native" customs at i Canton >to:the im
perial customs.TAs, : however, .. the > prefer
ential . duties r in 1 favor of the junks are
retained," .the .value of ; the transfer. to for
eign ; trade is < nullified. It is believed thi3
will -be corrected. :•
Transfer of Customs Ordered.
WASHINGTON, ' Feb. 15,-Judge" Advo
cate i General ;' Davis . of - the '. army •, to-day
received a certified copy, of , the opinion of
the ;.i "United ; States ', Circuit^Court • at f ; St.
Louis ' in : the ' case of . • Captain . Deming,
formerly a', captain: of volunteers in .the
subsistence department, now undergoing
imprisonment at the Leavenworth | prison
f or , alleged' irregularities. P The j court sus
tained the contention - of . his counsel that
his ; trial and imprisonment ; ',were illegal;
on the ground that there is no; authority
of « law for the trial . of volunteer ' officers
by,a court martial .composed, in whole or
in i part " of offlcers ' of . the : regular army.
General . Davis ; said > that the preliminary
steps had • already, been ; taken ' for an ap
peal • to the vUnited States Supreme ; Court
in case \ that course • of action should
flnally.be determined on. by. the, Secretary
of War. -,¦¦.-¦ ; ...- . ' ' "' • ¦ *
Davis Proposes an Appeal.
Replying to a question by Senator Car
mack, he raid that he had not considered
the problem of possible statehood fifty
years hence. He ; would . favor a promise
even of a form of government; ; such ' as
is . given the . Territories of; the United
St&tes. He • also ' said he was opposed to
extending the constitution to those isl-
Governor Taft advocated the establish
ment of a stable government for the'pres
ent, with the understanding that some
time in the future the Americans and the
Filipinos could reach an agreement as to
what should be done in the way of gov
ernment or, in maintaining relations;
"but,"- he said, "whether the islands
should have their independence, whether
they should be given a quasi independence
or. whether they should ' be made a State
of the Union is so far in the future that
I have reached no conclusion."-. '
Senators Patterson, Carmack and Cul
berson asked numerous questions based
upon the memorial from the Federal par
ty, calculated to bring out Governor
Taf t's idea as to what, if any, promise
had been made to the Filipinos in the
way of government for the future. .
"No, .it. was not," " Governor Taft re
sponded. He gave the names of several
prominent Filipinos who had assisted in
the organization. They had, he said, con
sulted the members of the commission
and the latter had encouraged the forma
tion as far as possible, because the party
was for peace. ' The promise of state
hood had been no prominent part of the
mission work of the leaders.
"Was not the commission responsible
for the formation of the Federal party?"
asked Senator Dubois.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— The hearing
of Governor Tift on the Philippine ques
tion by the Senate Committee on the
Philippines began to-day with a series of
questions by Senator Patterson. in regard
to the fitness of Filipinos for 'jury duty.
Patterson asked whether the native pop
ulation on which the voting: franchise is
bestowed could not be trusted to do jury
duty. The Governor replied in the nega
tive, saying they are so used to corrup
tion in the administration of Justice that
they could not be trusted.
"They need to bf. trained," he said, "to
have examples: they are not ready for
jury duty."
Referring: to the code of procedure in
the islands Governor Taft said in reply
to a question by Senator Culberson that
it Is an American code rather . than a
Spanish code. Under the Spanish regime,
said Governor Taft, the courts were /not
only sluggish, but notoriously corrupt,
and the first courts established by Gen
eraJ Otis were no better. Under Spanish
rule there was a substantial denial of
justice.
Referring to the petition of the Federal
party Governor Taft said all cases of Im
priEpnment referred to were for military
and not civil offenses. Practically there
are no civil prosecutions for political of
fenses at this time. Governor Taft said
the original draft of the Federal party
platform had been submittted to the com
mission and that the declaration for
statehood was then more explicit and
was ultimately adopted.
"My recollection/' he said, "is that we
said to the representatives of the party
that this must be far in the future and
that we could make no > promises one
way or the other.".
: The protocol has been prepared in the
Spanish language, and Herran will under
take its translation into English. I It is
probable it will not be turned over to Ad
miral Walker, chairman of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, before next Thursday.
. The protocol consists of about twenty
five articles and is a very lengthy docu
ment. Admiral I Walker, it is explained,
has had no part 'In the drawing up of the
protocol; having decided to leave that
matter entirely to- the • representatives ' of
the Colombian . Government and to avoid
any. interference with their work before it
is completed. <-.:¦)
¦ Dr. bilva will probably leave Washing
ton in a*short time for Bogota in order to
set ¦¦ the provisions of the protocol before
the officials at the seat of the Colombian
Government and impart their, significance
in person. ... :'¦> '¦' '
. C. P. Treat, a railroad constructor, ap
peared before the Committee on Inter
oceanic Canals to-day I and gave informa
tion he • had acquired while building ten
miles of railroad in Nicaragua. He esti
mated the cost of building . a railroad ' to
Nicaragua Lake at<*715,000 a mile. He said
there was no trouble about securing labor
in Nicaragua, as I there were no' unions
to interfere or cause strikes. Treat also
said the health conditions of Nicaragua
were better than Panama. ..
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— The Panama
canal protocol, which has been in course
of ' preparation for several weeks at the
hands of Dr.Silva, the Colombian Minis
ter ; here; I Herran, the first secretary of
legation, and F. W. Wistls-Duran, the
1 special representative, of 'the Department
of Panama, now stands completed in all
essential respects. ¦ ,
Governor of Philippines
Tells of Island Cor
ruption.
Panama Canal Report Is
a Very Lengthy
1/UuULUcJJu.
WEIGHTY PAPER
THIS PROTOCOL
NATIVES NEED
SOME TRAINING
In order tp keep down trouble, however,
the "War Department haa decided to gar
rison the llaya country with a large force
of troops and preparations to this end are
now In progress. A portable railway
6even kilometers in length. Including: loco
motl\-es and cars, Just arrived at Merlda,
having: been purchased In Germany by
the Mexican Government for use in the
quick handling of supplies for the garri
sons that are now being established.
AUSTIN*. Tex., Feb. IS.— A' dispatch
from. Oaxaca, Mexico, says: The Maya
Indians In Yucatan have been brought
under submission by the Mexican regu
lars with the exception of a few scattered
bands and the war Is practically ended.
Take Chances With, the
Mayas.
War Department of Mexico Will Not
TB00PS WILL COHPEIr
PEACE AMONG INDIANS
THE SAN FR^CISCU OALi;, SUNT)AY| FEBRUARY 16^ 1902^
Washington; • Pa.\ • Feb." : 15 —Mrs.
Henry Dague> and. her., three-year-old son
were fatally ; burned last evening by the
child< pulling' an on lamp oft the table.:
An explosion followed and the blazing oil
was scattered over the two.- Henry
Dague, the husband, was also badly
burned while trying to t rescue his wife
and child. ¦ ¦ ,-,
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
James , Kenton. ' Memphis." Teinn., says : "I
suffered the. tortures of Itching: piles 'for , years,
and not even mercurial ointment would relieve
me. ' One 60 : cent : box of i Pyramid Pile ' Cure
cured me entirely.". All druggist's ' selPit.'
Book, "Piles, Causes and Cure.",' mailed free
Pyramid Drug . Co., . MarBhall, Mich.
of P23o To^tuPOa
V ADVERTISEMENTS.
T^TOIMENTV
Peculiar Power Possessed by a
New Medicine.
Of new discoveries there is no end, but one of
the moat- recent, most remarkable and one
•which will prove Invaluable to : thousands - of
people, is a'dlscoverey which it. is believed will
take the place of all other; remedies for the
cure of those common and obstinate diseases,
dyspepsia and stomach troubles. . This 'discov-
ery is not a loudly advertised, secret patent
medicine, but is a scientific • combination of
wholesome, perfectly" * harmless .' vegetable es-
sences, fruit salts, pure pepsin and bismuth.
These remedies are combined In lozenge form,
pleasant to take, . and will preserve their good
qualities | indefinitely, .whereas all , liquid | medi-
cines rapidly lose whatever good qualities they
may have had as soon as uncorked and exposed
to the air. , , .
This preparation is called Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and it is claimed that one of these tab-
lets or ,. lozenges .will digest from .300 to 3000
times its own weight of meat, eggs and other
wholesome food. .And . this . claim has been
proven by actual experiments in the ; following
manner: -jA • hard boiled egg cut into j small
pieces was placed in a'; bottle containing warm
% water heated to ninety-eight degrees (or blood
heat), one of these Tablets was then placed sin
the bottle * and ' ; the ; proper temperature main-'
tained for three hours and a half, at the endof
which. time the egg was as completely digested
as it would have been in a healthy stomach.
This experiment was undertaken to demonstrate
that what' it wouldrdo; in the bottle It would
also do In the stomach, hence its unquestionable
value in the cure of dyspepsia and weak diges-
tion. ,',Very few' people are free from some form
of j indigestion, | but scarcely two will ; have I the"
same /symptoms.' Some ; will | suffer- most from
distress after eating,', bloating from gas in the
stomach and bowels,'; others have add dyspepsia
or heartburn, ' others palpitation '; or headaches,
sleeplessness, pains in chest and "under shoulder
blades, ; extreme nervousness as in nervous dys-
pepsia," but they all have same cause, failure to
properly , digest 'what is 'eaten. *'. The i stomach
must ;have >' rest .and ,' assistance, ': and v Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets give it both/, by digesting the
food for it and in a short time it Is restored to
its normal action and vigor. At same time the
. Tablets are so . harmlera , that a r child can • take
them > with > benefit; s :¦ This new " preparation - has
already i made • many '¦. astonishing cures - as . lor
instance, ; the following: .' • -. • -'.i «
;-;. After using only one package of Stuart's Dys
pepsia Tablets I have. received' such great'and
unexpected benefit : that ¦ I wish . to express my
sincere gratitude. ".£ In , fact it has been : six
months since I took the package and I have not
had one. particle; of i distress or difficulty since
And all * this ¦ in the • face of ¦ the fact that ¦ the
beet: doctors 1 1 consulted' told. me my case was
Chronic Dyspepsia and absolutely I incurable 1 as
I, had suffered twenty-five years. I distributed
half a dozen packages among; my > friends here
who are very anxious to try this remedy *-i
• ' '•¦_ Mrs.' Sarah A. Skeels. ;'.
;. - Lynnville. ; Jasuar.Co.. , Mo.',
-Stuart's DyspepsIajTablets are sold by druir-
glsts everywhere - at ' 60 ,.: cents i> for full sized
jpackages. A: little book on Stomach ; Diseases
mailed ' free-? by , addressing . F. a; ' Stuart : Co.,'
Marshall, ¦ Mich. , . ,. ,. "¦»
Coughs
and Colds
If you are suffering with a cold - or
lying awake at nights coughing so
that your whole system seems to be
racked to pieces, you are the one per-
son of all people who should purchase
a bottle o! Halpruner's and take it for
your good health's sake.
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine
cures colds in less than four hours — it
stops coughing immediately — cures
sore throat in a short time and renders
such relief as you ought to have at
once.
Because other medicines have not
done j'ou any good, because some
friends have suggested this and rec-
ommended that, is no reason why you
should not try Halpruner.'s. This med-
icine is absolutely different frorn any
other medicine on Ihe market — it will
cure you if you will give it a chance.
and it is really worth your while to
try it.
Cured His Cold in
Fovr Hours.
"\ have tried a grood many remedies for
colas, but I have never found anything
that will knock out a cold ' so ' quickly as
your wonderful medicine. I took a severo
cold last week, which annoyed me consid-
erably, but I was cured In less than four
hour* after taking Halpruner's. If any
one doubts that Halpruner's will cure
colds send them over to me.
<WIO _ "W. 6. BERDICK. Carpenter.
219 Sacramento st., San Francisco, Cal."
/folpruncrV
Trial Treatment Free.
Dr. Halpruner spends from 1 to 4 every
afternoon except Saturdays and Sundays
at his office, 28 California street, giving
trial treatments to sufferers and persons
Interested in HaJpruner's wonderful med-
icine.
A large bottle eent by prepaid express-
age to any part of the United States upon
the receiot of JL .
IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION.
Wm of Our Words
M^S Burn their way into the minds and intelligence of the
mCl mlm people and direct your attention to the incomparable charac-
ral? §S& terof our values, and thus our business Competition
Em p|f may flirt with phrases, toy with thoughts, coquette with
WM Mil sentiment, and call that building up a business; 'but the exact
IE&S W\ measure of success is indicated by results. Come here this
f | IS week and at the true facts of why we have won the con-
Mr Im^ fidence arid friendship of the people. Values unsurpassed,
B0F with a welcome to look or to buy.
Bigelow and Lowell Axminsters Bigelow Lowell Body Brussels ,
Absolutely the best high pile carpet made; all the latest In an endtess variety of patterns, for hall, parlor, library,
spring patterns and colorings; price $1.75. This &t Si\ bedroom; the regular ( do\vn-town price for the CI'IK
week, sewed and laid M>l«vJVF carpet is $1.50.^ Sold this week as low as. .... aJJI.^v^ .
Soxbnry and Stinson Tapestries , Smith's and Sanford's Best Velvets
In dainty new patterns, exact copies of fine Axmfnsters and Exquisite new designs, and colorings, suitable for parlor,
Body Brussels; regular down-town price $1.00. 7A-, hall, dining-room; borders to match; regular I f\f\
This week, sewed and laid * vl $1.25. This week, sewed and laid. - vJJI« W
Smith's and Sanford's Tapestries Extra Super Ingrains
For hall, dining-room or parlor: borders to match; J TC r » <36 inches wide; warranted all-wool and absolutely 7ftr*
regular 90c Sewed and laid i. ... /vlt best quality; regular 90c. This week ' V V
Inlaid Tile Linoleum American Cork Linoleum
English and American Tile Linoleum, indestructible; -15 ! Made 12 feet wide and of extra heavy quality; new designs
different designs; some stores ask as high as <D* Q/\ of imported hardwood floors; also floral patterns; f%{\~
$i. 75 for no tetter goods *4'l«3\/ regular 80c. Square yard
PARTIES who intend furnishing should consult our Estimate.- De-
partment before buying.
Goods selected now — when stocks are 'at their best — will be held'
until delivery is ordered.
ICgMfSgjM rigwiiiMriiTI HH^^^^Bp^I^^yHB JU^L
CORNER SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
: When'buyirigari'Encyclopasiia get the largest, latest, best, which every com- 1
petent and unprejudiced judge- of, what is best in books will tell you is the great . |
Ericyelopsedia Britannica e I
; It has been nine times enlarged and broughtdown to date, reaching a great climax
in its present 31-volume form. Its plan, scope, editorship, accuracy, comprehen- -as=ra
"siveness, size and cost (about $3,000,000) make it by all odds the greatest work
The renowned Encyclopaedia Britannica has no peer ameng encydopas- J J^V^^~7pjj£^
dias. There is but one Bible for Christians; one Talmud for Hebrews; jjj
one Koran for Mohammedans, and there is but one Encyck pas lia Brit- fJ^^^gw-^ )'« '*% KTJ ' %
annica for thi people who speak and read the English language, and 'jft^^.—ZZZTfr ''$'''•&// £
whoturn to it as the one comprehensive, all-inclusive and authori- r^E^^^~°~i^'; X %v*ffl fl
tative epitome of human knowledge in all* its branches. To h
possess this matchless work is to own a whole library and •-_<f!^ t? f/^j^l,'/ 7 ,•*
have access to information on every subject within the Vj^^^^^g^j^ I 'jiV* yp/tf i
domain of human experience, study or inquiry. Any . 1 <% ') *tfg <I*-^ *i
family or individual will be benefited by hiving this fZ^^^^~^^t **$*:. if ® I %
great work to consult. You can secure ihe entire ¦^^^™^] s^~ j// jf: <i '^:' i [/ 1 "^
31 volumes at an expense of only ' C^^^L^^^-^jS t 1 t\ft 'S H 1
10 Cents a Day. .^^^fw .. v
' „ ... . . f> TJ * . i '^Z^ 5^ >M f,ym T Brings You
Can you afford to miss it ? , There is f A jg/j! j/f This Entire 31
no further excuse for not owning V^m^^^^^ i ~7^? # /Sft'WW v o'- Set of
this great reference Mbrary. Take ;...,^^^-. ¦ M jLW l J%.Wf ' T^a 1W I
advantage of this effer now, ' fe^'rL*!^- ! Jg!! >IIHI1 —¦5g^ wfo'tfiAAff
before it ' is too late, and v^^H"-'^ S^S^ /M \jp yj \/yr Air ZOtll vSfltlirV
L6SS 1 VLiiXx ,- '¦ ; Msl&M&VfA ffit $J J A '¦' "• You con P a «X the balance at
* ' jA""- "' ¦ ' '¦'¦¦ ''" " ~— ' ~" g r ¦ ¦' jCyjfflQM jjffl K (Vgwi aW v!*m I I II f H El 8 ff^jL if
Tl * j+^~~'~- " ~ -' /?iwu& J^rKi? xrtfi** *J? 4r J T V^ V^ m-r %Ji V
AHtVf^ m ~'^~^n ' ' ' — ii— ¦ i mi ... i —^— m^ j^/yjgA kvK&4&jtrvfJ& ws-~/C£i J**\ Foi" 0 StlO^t tlITIC> *"
if- fwL Volumes American Additions.
' J^P^^. »^ I W^J^T»J^'^MnW^Jm' DOntO-dav 18 - 5M "tides, a%-ei-aslns l^i pages each.
ffffii|SS ¦ "* l^i^W & WMr$£3 tiitWyM /tW pun lu-uay 3,339 articles written and signed by spe-
;¦ m^^y^J i ir . KSjI wi^T If wtare^H%\/f& Ol " P^rilCU- clallsts, or 142 per volume.
;||§| ; Massive ||fj £ W /JW' n ' a " a ? f out our 1! ' 2K ES»^o!S;
\ fcCT^ffiw^ Vni..«. n /, a&wwMw?; W\M\\-g/k\ \ Ar Ity great oner. work. f ;
t^m^«M< i T OlMmeS t^^^j^P W#Z?yy,ifW.Sr - {& - - S3S full-pace encraved plates, contain-
; HjHftftWWWM - n , .-V , ISSS^^S^tS! m&fcfl r rffl WSr f/M n ins over SCO separate Illustrations.
¦ K^OTCT^Y^ WClffht ' W^^iW^S^i! lifll y .Wf /mi f/M I 2 16 0° 9 C73 maps and plans. Including 237 col-
¦ Over if|§|f| \^mg(f^M' / THE 1MEBICAN Near CfS"pTan r s tlons ' exclusIva cf
I ill '" ¦»»* ¦¦ mlW-'/ SS SpecJ^rf^ Five Volant
' WkjF Mr /« , AbbULIAflON, Am 2 ricati Additions. £
• J HI l ffffl / " Keamy St., °n the arts and sciences down to the pres-
;WfHI©MM^Ii^^Sfi^Mi III ffM / San Francisc °> Cal. "^ Introduction ot new topics either arU-
Il^EI^^^^^^^^^^S^ Wtk&W/h / Please send m^ fr^^ of ln « from the differentiation of new depart-
WMW7 I u l . C " nQ me tree °I ments of sciences (as Ecology, Sense-Or-
f f^Vi^g^Sf^^^W^g^^^f^ Slj m$W / Charge Sample pa^es and rans, etc.). or from discovery and lnven-
t^!^vlV^v^^U-.'V.^vkyTO^ / full particulars of your En- tton ' aa T esla ' s Oscillator. Arson, Roent-
__- T -, .j „ T Q i Q* cyclopedia Offer.. • S< 3? Blosraphmi ' enlargement to include
<- What Is Said of It. r~" f . ir e h n ive liv^Int p , e y r Ton *3&£ZJr***
«l will def/ any one to buy 3000 NAME Vc^f^". t&A f set merican ta " '
vclrmes that will give him as good CTOPFn , - 5. A presentation of technical »nbject»
,. ... , ¦ , , . . - STREET in a form comprehensible to ordinary read-
a Working library as IS furnished - - ers, as In Use treatment of Electricity.
in th« FMfYPI OP/FMA RRITAVNIlPi ' • ' Morphology, etc -
in tne LINtltLUr/LUlA bkiianmi* TOWN 6. Copious Ulustratlo^^ over 1500 In
t a!one."— Ex-President Dwight,Yala number. ;,.
University. COUNTT -. lh r ..M« *~ c«.V.*.»T:^ d..j-.«. i
.... . /','.'• ine vjuiue io oysxeiiiniic neauinys
.' ¦ » . " V • : subdivides the whole worlc Into depart-
--"If all- other books were de- state -«££ ~3~ wtttg. -m^jj^o^
stroy^ed, the Bible -wcepted the CALL BUREAU. SSffltf^TiS^S?S S£*TZ&
world WOU'd IOS8 but little Of Its v *** - *• *^ ***"-- to know about your business or profession.
informatio.i."-Spurgeon. , ___ _^_ \ . Q ¦'IS*?^ >^. lt P S«Si." yitemaUc readlnS
Cured After Years
; Don!t delay secinsrthe.se goods if you want an overcoat or a
pair of pants. This great sale will enable you to save all kinds of '
money. An early purchase will insure you a satisfactory choice
of a large line. MEN'S OVERCOATS.
Regular $20.00 . Overcoats, special at.. 9 0.65
Regular. $25.00 Overcoats," special at 13.50
Regular $27.50 Overcoats, special at .*. .... '. . . 15.OO
.These coats: are all the latest styles, snappy in appearance and
.well made. , MEN'S PANTS.
Union Cassimere. $Mo, fat ........................ 95c j
All-Wool Cassitmrre. $2.50, at ... . '.. ..?1.85
Atl-Wool Worsted., $3. 50, -at .... 2.45
N . Imported : Worsted.- $4.00, at 2.05
Elegant ; Dress Pants. $5.00, "at'."!.: .. v> 3.15
.-\ This is, positively a perfect slaughter of values at prices that are
; ; ridiculous.. Don't fail to : take advantage of this great opportunity.
WHITE SHUITS, worth 75c and $1.00. ?t2J>c. '
CORNER AND MARKET STREETS.
•V\€ole T AfcVnts fop CARHARTT*S UN1HN MADE OVERALLS.
• .-^
TADVERTISEICENfS.NEW; YORK, Feb. 15.— Democrats prom
inent l in : this ': and ';' other sections : of .'. the
MEMORY ¦' OF TXLDEN .
HONORED BY'dEMOCRATS
.The -germs ; of • that \ dreaded ¦ disease ; are
at ' present ' lurking " in ; ourJ drinking water."
The^ Pasteur] GernTr Proof tWater* Filterli3
a positive preventive against', this malady."
Rented for $1" per month. ; Put, up on trial
without ' charge."-- < Chas. * Brown ' & Son; : 807
Market ; street,* Flood jbuilding. ¦- •
Guard Ag-ainst Diphtheria.
A dearth of news is no news to the
editor.
WASHINGTON,; Feb. 15.— The following
Calif ornians ' have arrived ; at the? hotels :
Raleigh, L. Henry; Metropolitan, David
F. Keefer; National,', M.MacArthur,'.- all
of San Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
The Golden Gate Valley Improvement
Club reorganized at Steimke Hall on Fri
day night. M. C. Haley resigned the
position' of president and was 'succeeded
by Thomas Terry. Frank. Werner was
elected permanent secretary, E. A. O'Con
nor, financial secretary, and Jacob Heinz,
treasurer. William Wright, ¦ B. ¦ J. - Wilkin
son > and D. T. Haley were appointed a
committee to present the names of ten
numbers to act as an executive com
mittee. '
The club will meet to receive reports
next Friday night. cyoria
Reorganization of Club.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday that the city cannot relieve Itself
from liability for damages caused by mob
violence in the vicinity of the Presidio by
requiring a bond from saloon-keepers.
Lane says:
The discretion and judgment of the Police
Commission In granting permits seems to be
the one protection upon which the city must
rely. As the law does not provide for a bond
the commission cannot demand It.
City Cannot Exact Bond.
Programme of Exercises Will Be
Held in Golden Gate Hall
N"ext Sunday. •
The local groves of the United Ancient
Order of Druids of this city and the
auxiliaries, the circles, chapter and Past
Arch Association, will, for the first time
in the history of the order, hold ; a joint
memorial service In Golden Gate Hall
next Sunday afternoon- At a meeting of
the general committee, James Hagan
chairman, held last night, the following
order of exercises was adopted: ¦
Overture. "Calvary," orchestra; opening- ad
dress. Noble Grand Arch Julius S. Godeau;
tenor solo. **The Holy City." Herbert Williams;
"ReBurg-am," Miss Tryphina Pritchard; so
prano solo. "Where Is Heaven?" Mrs. Nellie
A. Darling; Druldic hymn. Knickerbocker
Quartet; calling the roll of the departed. Grand
Secretary James F. Martlnonl; eulogies, W. G.
Antonovlch; "Nearer.' My God, to Thee." Knick
erbocker Quartet; selections by the orchestra;
bass solo. "The Palms," A. L. Larsen; oration.
R. P. Troy; violin solo, intermezzo "Cavalleria
RuEticana," Karl Krone; tenor solo, "O R«st
In the Lord." Dr. R. W. Smith; "Gathering
Home," Knickerbocker Quartet; "Beyond the
Gates of Paradise." '. Clarence Krone; benedic
tion. John Hutton; "America." quartet, joined
by the audience.
' ,v When: will the worklngmen : unite ?'. he
asked, r "When will =' they ; unite and have
men * represent them and; stand shoulder
to> shoulder ; for. " one . common 'interest?
When : will Uhey . see - that ' they, 1 have men
to • honestly ; represent ' them ; in the . legis
lative : bodies ? ¦ :¦¦ Public • ownership will , get
rld-of^the great r engines corrupt
government: and 'at; the: same time it will
bo : the means of - elevating . labor."
Mr.-Parsons declared that there cannot
be true democracy In political life so long
as'there.are private monopoiieb.ia Indus
trial '. life. i ' ' i . _ ¦.-,, . •.¦ :-.-..;.
The ; novel , of the water ris
ing with :. a sudden . burst j sent : the • large
audience into, a, roar ,; of .laughter. Mr.
Parsons ' begged ; of them T to use observa
tion ' in : civic . life and I remember tha V pub
lic ownership. meant impartiality anfl just
rates." '¦: He - spoke of the '•* rebates 'under
peculiar, and convenient circumstances .by
railroad companies , and how the matter
was; manipulated and how ¦officials had
i ecently * confessed to the : methods of . al
lowing . rebates and showed \ that . if the
public : owned ithe '• railways ": . such j things
would ¦, not '¦ happen. :: Mr; Depew had saia,
and ' business ? men j agreed with him, that
so long as railway interests pulled against
each other, * so ; long would discrimination
continue.; :,,."'¦ -.-w - _ t.
Public i Ownership Helps Labor.
. u lie aaaress was ¦ devoted entirely to
municipal ownership and the lecturer won
great ; applause throughout, the delivery
He set out to show the advantages of the
people controlling the municipal utilities,
for, said, he, public ownership means
lower : rates, and that, he submitted,'
touched the pocket nerve where the Am
erican was. sensitive.,' He illustrated the
water rate in- Oakland* and other cities,
and in . the ¦ former he declared the rate
should not.be more than $8 or 510, where
'It Is actually $75. So, continued Mr. Par
sons, ;. puoiic. ownership would mean. In
that direction lower rates. The people
might have; the 'money -which was now.
going int^. the pockets of a monopoly.
Foreign Cities More* Cheaply Served.
, '. Referring to the ¦ electric light system,
the speaker showed > by figures and . com
parison C how .-. much more . reasonably are
, the r people of foreign countries served,
where the municipalities own and control
/ the electric ,. plants. It is, he . said, . the
; same with " gas ; and the ; railway systems.
For', the , former;. the reduction has been
as , much 'as 50. per cent, and in France
the reduction in the telephone rate is one
half of , what the rates were. In Germany
similar - conditions " obtained. Since Eng
land had taken over the telegraphs; there
has been a reduction of from 30 to 50 per
cent- 1 in \ the cost to the people.
• When. the' publlo utilities, shall be part
of ¦ the public * service ¦ the profits will go
into. the. public treasury and not into the
pockets of. a few private monopolists, the
speaker said.'' 'He asked *why;the people
of. this city allowed the street' railways to
remaln'In i private hands. But he :s con
fidently v expected , to ; see sthe'pjople here
take the street lines. under their, own con
trol. "Their. Mayor, he said, had tho fire
of the ' future In his heart and - he . (the
Mayor) had' said to him. that .undoubtedly
the city would ¦ control the street railway.
But, ' asked Mr. - Parsons,- why only rail
ways? And here the lecturer pointed out
that the ; telephone service was too high;
as was - also ; the ' gas - charge, and as for
water, .well - that was *- what he called
."Woooooshl"' v • .' -
r ¦ - : ¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦ •¦" -•¦•¦ ¦ '
Frank Parsons, a student of munifcipal
matters, not f alone , in this , country, but
versed ¦ in civic affairs of • all the chief
cities of ( Europe, delivered an adress last
eyening at the Academy of Sciences to
one of the largest audiences seen in . the
hall :for a long Awhile. .'Mr. Parsons has
the happy faculty of, keeping his hearers
thoroughly interested, notalone with the
subject of his discourse, ; but also with
some happy anecdotes," of which he has
a rare fund. And what is more, 1 the pleas
antries which. Mr. Parsons injects into
his lecture are part and parcel of the
subject under discussion.
Mayor Schmitz found that nine employes
of the hospital sleep in one room twenty
by thirty feet, which he. says Is in viola
tion of the cubic air law. Other bad con
ditions exist, and the conference with the
Board of Health wiir result in the correc
tion of the abuses.: The Mayor will strong
ly urge that separate "wards 'be, used for
the accommodation of consumptive . pa
tients. The - visit .of inspection' occupied
exactly two hours, and , nothing that
would tend toT effect an improvement in
the institution was .overlooked., . . '
Mayor Schmitz ami Supervisors . d'An
cona and Alpers of the Health and Hos
pital Committee of. the Board , of Super
visors made an official visit of inspection
to the City and County Hospital yester
day. The need of improvements in the in
stitution as itemized by the Grand Jury
in a communication filed with the board
last Monday was thoroughly. invest ; gated.
Mayor Schmitz finds that the • conditions
as reported by * the Grand Jury are cor
rect, and- his Honor says that he ¦ found
many other things that make the hospital
a standing disgrace to the community and
an outrage on the municipality. •
One of the results of the investigation
will be the recommendation by the Mayor
that a number " of useless officials em
ployed at the hospital be dispensed with.
It was found that, in some cases the em
ployes are not necessary, and; it. is quite
likely that a reduction in {he force will (be
made, and the saving so • effected will be
used to employ more nurses, of which the
hospital : stands . sadly • in -. need. .t To;: that
end the: Mayor .will/ have a conference
with the Board of Health some time next
week, when .the '.subject will be .discussed
and some remedy outlined.
Aid" en Anderson, ¦ president: of the State
League . of Republican Clubs, . gets > word
that a . very large ; number,'- of delegates
will : attend the biennial convention of the
league, at San Jose,'" April 14, •, 15 ' and ¦ 16.
Nearly all of the Republican- organiza
tions : of | Northern and' Central < California
are •; preparing "* to send representatives.
The demonstration ; at Ban Jose will prac
tically;, open the ;campaign./Special:ef- :
forts, are being; made: ,to -bring -out the
best ; speakers of ; the . party.; f or '. the ; pur
pose of ¦'¦ enlisting/ enthusiasm in ; support
of Republican , principles, r All - the candi
dates for Governor will : be Invited -to at T
, tend, but Is not allowable . under j the con
stitution of the league for the conventlsn
. to 1 indorse • the ; aspirations ¦ of ¦ any canal
date. --The rule 'applies = to "all candidates; 1
including United ¦ States ¦ Senatorial i aspir
ants.; Senator PeSrkins may be so diligent
ly engaged In- his ; official duties inWVash
ington - : that he cannot " attend ' in ' person,
but :. such • diligence ' in", behalf t of i his ; con
stituents .will not preclude I him ; the , privi
lege . of • sending : his j political - ; ; manager;
George Hatton, to , San Jose, - to warn the
delegates against the » stampeding ' elo
quenceof Samuel M.-Shortridge. r
¦ John'J.NGaffey. of -Los Angeles, i one ? of
the ; Democratic : leaders " of Southern \ Cali
fornia, is in San Francisco getting, inspir
ation at the . dally ¦ sessions of . the "cabi
.net.'~ .' ¦ - ¦,¦.>-¦¦ -.,¦¦¦- - : ¦ .:, •¦¦¦¦:
Young : Men's 'Institute ; Day.
t The Young. Men's : Institute; is: complete
Ing {arrangements ; for; the \ observation 'Jot
Young ; Men's J- Institute (• day, ; which ? falls
on the 22d inst."'.; The "committees in charge
have ' been - appointed -. by.s- and -;: from --\ the
board of management," and are as follows:
, ,; Requiem', mass— -E/ B. i Thomas;. M. \> J. Coii^
nerton : and M. ; T. \ Rellly. ¦ . .. ,
-: Printing— D. ' K" Hayden, D. Barry, John
Doyle.^ ¦-¦. : -r, i ; --¦.. . -¦-: . ¦ .,• ... .- ¦.-¦..-¦•. ¦ >
-. Reception— J...T. Comyns, K J. H. Pinkham,
Edward ¦! O' Donnell, . E. J. Fitzgerald and ¦• J.
M. « Campodonico. -.V, "." •'
¦ Programme— P. J. Hagan, * J. A. Duhleavy
andW.;O. ;Patch.- . ;•, V; .
,- Music , and : decorations— "W.: Chester Keogh,
A. 'J. Donnovan and.T., J.^Kennedy. . ' .
¦a Judge - F. J. Murasky v will V deliver the
oration fin l the •- evening .'-. at r Metropolitan
Hall: , There i will ¦ also ;be ! a' programme of
vocal and Instrumental numbers. '
Biennial League • Convention,
The contest for Chief 'Justice of the
Supreme . Court is engaging the -attention
of 3 lawyers and . politicians in ;j Northern
California. In some counties it.overshad
ows the, fight for the gubernatorial nom
ination. The two' men most prominently,
mentioned are; W. H.;'Beatty,. Chief Jus
tice, and C.,H. Garoutte, Associate Jus
tice. It }s said that t Justice Garoutte is
organizing his forces in . a masterly man
nerJand will go to the " State convention
supported by a remarkably strbng body
of young Calif ornians. '
•Justice Beatty's ' supporters are .to "be
found mainly in: the ranks of (those com
monly-known as conservative citizens.'
They lack the aggressive and progressive
tendencies that • give vim , and / vigor ' to a
campaign managed "by youngsters.' .The
1 conservatives place "- their ''¦ chief * reliance
on . Beatty's distinguished ; services as
Chief Justice. .The push. politicians,, who
are ; always eager to . get ; on . the winning
side, ¦ are wary ¦ of the fight for Chief Jus
tice." The wise aspirants for Governor, are
keeping hands off.. i> .*
Fight * for Chief Justice.
1 1 Governor Gage's declaration of his can
didacy for renonilnation has not produced
any enthusiasm to speak: of.\ The people
seem . to ' be about as indifferent \ as ' they
were when . Dr. Pardee . hailed .himself as
an aspirant for the jgubernatoriar nomi
nation. What was expected to become a
boom has; dwindled \ to '. a . bobmlet. y ~, It
seems to , be understood, that Gage's-fol
lowers are not to invade Alameda County
to embarrass ' Dr.'. Pardee in! his efforts to
win the solid support of his own county.
,There ; are no signs of any," intention', on
the part of Dr. ; Pardee' s supporters to
make "trouble for : Gage in Los. Angeles
County. . Thomas Flint Jr. '.. is , the man
who puts on a war bonnet and, offers bat-"
tie on the. Governor's o^sm territory." There
is talk of an open demonstratlonln. Flint's
favor at Los Angeles , next Tuesday, i al
though the. fact is known that r T Jesse
Marks, John Lynch, John Mackenzie,
Walter Parker and- Corney Pendleton of
the j Governor's political staff are lurking
near the scene of hostilities. , Everywhere
the supporters of Gage encounter the sen
• timent [ that f air ' play in politics | demands
that the gubernatorial nomination : of this
campaign should 'go to some one of the
candidates in ¦ Northern or ¦ Central Cali
fornia. .'
CITY DB.TJIDS TO HOLD
MEMOBIAL SERVICE
Mayor Schmitz and the
Supervisors Inspect b
Institution.
It Causes No Enthusiasm !
in the Republican •
Ranks.
Parsons Stirs Audience
on Vital Municipal
- Matters.
WILL IMPROVE
CITY HOSPITAL
GAGE MANIFESTO
PLACED ON FILE
PEOPLE SHOULD
OWN UTILITIES
WILL D. JENKINS,' a former
Secretary of the State of
Washington, died yesterday
morning at his home, 116 Oak
street, this city, after an ill
ness of four months. Death was due to
complications from an internal injury re
ceived two years ago from a falL
The election of Mr. Jenkins. as Secretary
of State immediately preceded the famous
deadlock In the Senatorial elec
tion by the Washington Legislature
in 1S97. He was importuned to let his
name go before the Legislature, and as
surances were given him that he would
Some time ago they decided to make
tests in Arizona. Utah and Wyoming. Oil
was found in Wyoming In large quanti
ties, and the firm at once took up ths
land in large holdings.-
A big deal in the transfer of 'Western
oil properties has been consummated. The
Chanslor-Canfleld Company and A. B.
Butler have sold to the American Consoli
dated Oil Company 108,000 - acres of oil
land, the'property nearly all being located
in Wyoming. The purchase price is $5,
875,000, and the members of the syndicate
who have paid this large, sum are capi
talists of New York, Chicago and Omaha.
C. A. Canfield of L03 Angeles, at pres
ent at the Palace, is one of the ' largest
owners in the'land that was sold. He-was
the discoverer of the oil fields in Los An
geles and, associated with his partner, J.
A. Chanslor, he established the fact that
the Coallnga oil field was a bonanza. This
firm was among the first on the ground
at Bakersfleld, and to-day controls about
66 per cent of the acreage of that dis
-trict. • . . :¦•;¦. «.; •;->., -¦;••.-;,..
ern Syndicate.
Wyoming' Lands to an East-
Los Angeles Oil Speculators Sell Their
, FIVE-MH/I/ION-DOLLAR
DEAL IS' CONSUMMATED
Kansas and founded . the Smith County
Pioneer. In the early ; '70s : he went to
Washington, and in 1884 founded the
Whatcom Reveille. He was Mayor of
Whatcom for four successive terms. . .
His term of office as Secretary of State,
to which he was elected on . the Fusion
ticket, ' having . expired = in .? January, 1901,:
Mr. Jenkins turned his attention to oil
investments, and it was his interests in
California oil that brought him to San
Francisco five months ago. •
Deceased was a thirty *thrid degree Ma
son, and his funeral will be held from the
Masonic Temple. He leaves, a wife and
five children, two sons and three daugh
ters. '.-• vv '. . . - ;(\~''v"'- y \
country met at dinner to-night by invita
tion of the Brooklyn Democratic Club at
the Germania Club rooms in Brooklyn to
do honor to the memory of Samuel J. Til
den.. Three hundred and fifty men sat at
the tables. Among the guests were former
Governor Robert E.fPstftlson of Pennsyl
vania, W. Bourke Cockran. Representa
tive , DeArmond of Missouri, Edwin M.
Shepard. John E. Redmond, Lewis Nixon,
Justice William J. Gaynor. and ex-Comp
troller. Coler. A number of letters of re
gret were read. ExrPresldent- Cleveland
wrote:
At a time when the beneficence "and suffi
ciency, of -principles of pure Democracy com-'
mend' themselves so plainly to our countrymen
who -are honest-minded, and at a time- when
Democratic opportunity so palpably awaits
their/ sturdy and consistent advocacy. ;' it * is
especially appropriate that those who profess
our party faith should celebrate this anniver
sary - with enthusiasm. -• In . any ¦ effort - to put
the Democratic ship upon its true course light
and inspiration will be afforded by a ' contem
plation of the career of the great leader who.
Following a brief welcome by Chairman
Metx, ex-Givernor ;' Pattlson. the first
speaker, deprecated the policy of the Re
publicans in. their treatment of Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines. Con
gressman DeArmond spoke in the same
strain, and Lewis Nixon, Tammany Hall's
leader, asked for a united Democratic
party In Brooklyn, New York City and
the. State, so that vcltory In future con
tests would be assured. Bourke Cockran
came' next. He said, after a eulogy of
Tllden: v - .-. ¦•
.'.' rmperiallam. . with Vv ItJ' Inseparable object,
plunder.' was the Issue in ISTt, and it Is and
most ' b« 5 the 5 issue now. . The same predatory
purposes dominated • ; the - • Republican party
then that dominate It now. Its defeat is 'as
essential to the safety of the republic now
aa it was then. -
resisting every strange temptation, and all falsa
lights, steadfastly followed the old and safe
landmarks ' of ¦ Democratic trlumDhs, and
will find their strongest . hope and encourage
ment in recalling the • victories won under the
standard which Samuel J. Tllden ¦ held aloft.
FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE OF WASHINGTON WHO PASSED
AWAY AT HIS HOME IN THIS CITY AFTER AN ILLNESS OF FOUR
MONTHS. ,
be elected. . He refused to become a can
didate, eaylng that the people had chosen
him to be Secretary of State and he had
no evidence that - they - wanted him' to
abandon that office for the Eenatorshtp.
~ Will D. Jenkins was born at Pekln, Illin
ois, in 1860. He went into newspaper work
as a boy. In later years he moved , to
Will D. Jenkins, Formerly Secretary of the
State of Washington and for Eight Years
Mayor of Whatcom, Dies in This City
¦ • ¦ ¦ . . -¦•'.- ¦ ...
DEATH ENDS EVENTFUL CAREER
OF PUBLISHER AND POLITICIAN
THE SAK; FRiA^NGlSCO CALL, SU^ND^Y,; FEBRUARY 16, 1902.
24
POSTUM .> CEREAIi.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Why did YOU quit Gbffee? \
It probably comes to every thougrhtful which must be replaced day. by 'day, or the Postum Food Coffee furnishes the"; glu-
person at times that there are plenty of brain and other 'parts" of . the body will ten -and phosphates 'of grain needed 'by
common, mediocre people, and that If. one not. act properly. ..;.. ,. Natureito.nourlsh br^n:and V nerves'^lth
determines to, he or she can press to the ..Coffee Is a hidden but : powerful enemy food": It does not narcotize . and tear
froat. pass the crowd and win position, *° cne '* Progress; lnj life. 'Its subtle, nar- down. It _"is frequently misjudged "on first
fame and roldl It . Is largely a matter CO ",f .f, 0150 " ™ **?*?* Interferes trial, because of .Improper., preparation.
of determination and health Many a de / ™ Sestl ™ and has a : definite and^de- but it will be found to be £ most delicious
r^jn^lir?^ SP=^ s^srss
S ?- t v I th> flDd ' impediments .to progress, who mlnu t ea . This is necessary to extract'the
that bright, keen thoughts refuse to eome refuse to supply body with food and drink food value and flavor
t< U bC ! r . b 5 aln8 ' and wonder. why." ;. of the; kind needed to make up for ,the There ere those who are entirely : care.
The kind of brain work that makes sue- dally; disintegration of , nerve and tissue, Vesa- as' to^hatl goes; into UheTstomachi
cessful profesBional men makes heavy muat,stand aside in the. race; for pre- but thVone who would make all his move^
draughts on -.the filling .of the; minute eminence... , , ; ., ;, . men ts. tend toward health -arid •possible
nerve cells of the body, said filling being The ones who are -properly fed will greatness cannot afford ' td risk - adulter-'
eoinpoBed of a. grayish sort of material surely win the laurels." ' _ . .' ated food Tor "drink or even coffee." ' "
ha • kI ..'.•-¦-,' pY «) jJ . A~jL X P i<f T T B J JL.^ JL JiTL P^*k % 1^
/ . Jjjj ii • 1 11 . / . U .-.¦«'-¦ •..'•¦' TT"^ 1^ '^1 ' \>n Q
II f^TV^' OPENING OF OUR WOMAN'S DEPARTMENT. ||
Ii IJ r i WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19th, we invite |^* ii
mm ia^ I _^-— zjoigs&k the ladies of 5an Francisco to call at our store %^y If
ii Xegg^^^ I and inspect the new WALKOVER Shoes for J$\^ II
il/^~W^^^^\ \^^=^^^m Women ' There will bean exhibition of over 100 dif- • /00HA II
ii ferent patterns, among which are included all man- Ak'''-'^%\ 11
1 1 <^ ==:r ~ ' r ' i ' i^^^L <s S?S < h ner of Women's Footwear, from the delicate, dainty \^4|^Aa If
If >^.^ •-«-••• dress boot to the stronger mannish lasts. They >w^^W-.A fl
ii are sold direct from our factory, and at the uniform price of $3.50. They are all Y /§$ Si
eg turns or welts, with the latest improved insole. The line was awarded the Grand ' s *^ Jim \M
11 Prix at Paris in 1901. Remember— at this store the "Special Sales Days" are every y ~&, /m\ ft
1-fl day in the year. The goods are honestly made and are sold close. They always \ ffli fl \ bb
II satisfy, and the price is always the same — $3.50. We wish every lady in San Fran- / W \ ' I <mk %B
ii cisco could call at our store Wednesday, and to those who do we will present a bunch fc^^^N^ #JcT II
==STEBLmGFUBNrrUBE-= }
Bureau v K j
1 ' >.5MU?r5i?r: 5;1 pWashstand U j
/ "*' ' Made of handsome {
1 grained ash, finished a <
a/j^ Jm ' ! ' THE BUREAU has a J
I .- PjU French plate mirror 20x24 <
' • * * *" - fn& ' ¦¦¦ inches, the drawers are of <
Jwmmm^r-mmmmMMM—mh / generous depth — two |
' ..,...- . . , v ¦.-. large ones below, two 4
( -""^—^Tl j V_^ THE BED is Just <
¦¦'" ll "ES* i^^" '.^Z ""-'-yfy ! which shows *off the
d •¦'-•"** - - pretty Erain of the i
. B^ ] - - .7 ,{' wood to advantage. , -
' >>.'> • . I witJl slats and ca *-
Everything for the Home. j
Curtains and 'Draperies. H
a ,i he - Ct 9^^ Department has " "soxrie interesting items for this week. J
A 100-piece Dinner Set ffor 12 persons) $4.90 \
v Clear white ,V cr us": semi-porcelain. ; " : , ' j
-A Cottage pinner Set^of 4.«> pieces (for 6 persons) I... ..$2.35 <
Cups and Saucers, per dozen.. " .....-.;...;. 60C t
Covered Dishes, each ..:.Y.y. ""*¦.-. : •••••
Dinner Plates.. each. V. .\ ....'.' """"."!!!!!!!!*!.!' "'"" 5c I
Fruit r Saucers,' each . ." * * * --*" * * * * * * * * * *-***"* * " * * """" . ot/ c J
STERLING Fvrniture Company |
1039 MARKET,^OPPOSITE McALLlSTCR. \A. bold • burglary was . reported to i the
police at the Central station, yesterday
morning. When Herman Sommers,, pro
prietor of the Mutual Loan Office at 535
Pacific street, went to his place of busi
ness after ' several days' . absence, due . to
a death in the family, he found that
thieves had entered from the rear and
taken watches and jewelry ' valued at
J1000. When the crime was committed no
one knows, but Sommers thinks it hap
pened during Friday night. : '
Three day 8 ago Sommers' infant child
died and he closed his place of business.
He returned yesterday morning for the
purpose of attending to some private af
fairs and was startled to - discover that
the rear door, had been forced with- a
'•jlmmle" and was open. Further Investi
gation showed that the showcases had
been looted and four trays of watches, in
addition to much more stock of ..value,
had been taken.
Sommers immediately reported the mat
ter to Captain of Detectives Seymour and
that official detailed two of his men to
hunt up. the robbers. The police are of
the opinion that some one well acquainted
with the premises committed the crime.
more important question could engage the
attention of thoughtful men and women.
The first speaker was Osgood Putnam,
who spoke on "Probation." The term pro
bation applied to a convict who is turned
at large but is always under police sur
veillance. If he did well he was not mo
lested, but If he - resorted .to evil ways
during his probation he was immediately
returned to prison. The -speaker contend
ed that the modern treatment of prison
ers was all wrong. Punishment for wrong
doing is logical- only when its aims arc
the reformation of the criminal and ¦ the
protection of society. The , results at
tained by the probationary law of Massa
chusetts were explained as being highly
satisfactory. The courts were allowed
by law to suspend sentences and grant
criminals their freedom, they, however,
to remain in charga of a probation of
ficer. If after a reasonable period refor
mation is accomplished the case against
the criminal is dismissed and he is a free
man. The system in vogue in California
was severely criticized. Criminals ./who
go, to the State's prison come out more
depraved than ever. While it is true so
ciety is protected against their depreda
tions during the. period of their detention,
yet when they get out^they make up for
.lost time. Experience shows that- the
present system does not reform the crim
inal or permanently protect society. It
follows, therefore, that the plan Is worse
than useless. It is because of this knowl
edge that many Eastern States, as well
as Canada, have within . the . past few
years enacted probation laws, all of which
are operating with satisfactory results.
Prison Director Robert T. Devlin dis
cussed the topic of "Prison Reform in
California.". As time goes on the meth
ods of handling criminals change. In the
early days of England nearly every crime
was punishable with death, the idea be
ing to wreak vengeance upon the offender
for his wrongdoing. The State has merely
taken up the battle of the Individual in
his struggles to protect himself against
the aggressions of criminals. Prisons
were .then established, and in order to
prove that these j might not be burden
some upon the State the labor of the con
victs was manipulated for gain. Whether
this was wise, when the question of com
petition is considered, is an. open ques
tion. The speaker then explained the
system employed in the prisons of Cali
fornia. Good conduct and intelligent-la
bor long kept up have great reformatory
effect upon the convicts. The prisoners
have their own band and newspaper, and
the young men are soon actually re
formed. The older criminals, as a rule,
are incorrigibles. The idea of the system
is to punish the criminal, but it remains
to be seen if that principle is the best
that migr* be employed.
-The various types of criminals were
Plunder Worth a Thousand
Dollars Is Taken by
Thieves. .
Enter Loan Office and
Purloin Valuable
Watches. !
BURGLARS MAKE
A BIG CLEAN-UP
Moderns' Fancy Dress Ball.
San Francisco Lodge of the United Mod
erns gave a fancy dress ball in the Laurel
. The "Golden City and Ban Bruno Road
Improvement Club", is the latest of its
kind* started in this city.,.. This club was
organized on Friday .night at Graba's
Hall on the San Bruno" road. The officers
are: Louis Ferrari, president; John Mil
ley, vice president, and Morris Bare w, sec
retary. ,„ ... ,, V .-.¦... ; . ., , ' ".
New Improvement Club.
R. Jentzsch, H. • Fortrlede, • Charles Schulz, T;
Mlchaelsen, U. Bemenepereer, ¦ Joe Budde,- A.
Becker^ ¦William Loewe, . P. . I^onhardt, O.
.Lempke. P. Todt, J. Lang, I*. Hoffmann, "W.
'Gunther, P. Eggerllng, John Wlese. W. Hel
necke, L. Schelb. Ch. Itehn, ; F. H. Martens,
P. Qlaser. A. Freund, C. U Muller. A. G.
Stroh, A. Martens, C. Hodltz, M. Fischer. A.
Entzmann. - • . ¦
The Knights of : the "¦ Royal " Arch • gave
their annual ball at Odd FellowB' Hall
last evening." There was a large attend
ance and the committee of arrangements
had carried out a novel and artistic form
of decoration. • From an early hour until
past' midnight a. constant' stream of . gal
lant Knights and their.; friends made their
way to 7 the; hall, where lavish hospitality
and entertainment were .. waiting. : Music
of the best and graceful dancers kept the
hours merry . until early . in the morning,
when 1 all voted -ther Royal Arch ball of
1902 a pronounced* and perfect success.
. Jerome . Bassity, 1 ' valiant . < commander,
San Francis2o Uodge No. 2,' was inde
fatigable int his : attentions to the guests
of the < Knights, and he was ably .assisted
by ¦ C. F. ¦ Williams, ; lieutenant command
er; G.''O."iHink-, treasurer; G. W." Bensonj
grand orator; Frank G. Roney, recorder;
David Becker, ,, master, of
George F. Green,". captain of the guard ;
J. . T. Saul/ tyler ; ¦ James F. Me Ardle, as
sistant tyler, and Charles " G. Nagle, sX
torney.: • «^ ..'.•;*. ">,'.'^Vt- *• . •:•.••¦
Manner Till Dawn Comes
Creeping On.
Entertain Their Friends - in - Lavish
KNIGHTS OF , .THE EOYAL
ABCH GIVE ANNUAL BALL
described by,- the 'speaker, who said that
their treatment was never the same for
obvious reasons. "The; question of reform
was a complex one which time alone can
solve. „'¦ The paroling of . • prisoners was
never abused bythe Prison Directors, and
the prediction that it would depopulate
the prisons was never, realized. The pris
oner . on parole- has' responsibilities which
he respects, and,iiuth«,inajority of cases,
thorough reform was the result. Released
convicts require protection against black
mailers and popular prejudice..The.speak
er hoped this question of. .protection would
be carefully .'considered by the conference.;
He favored the segregation of criminals
so that the novice in' crime might escape
the companionship of the ad#pt . and in
corrigible lawbreaker. '..This would- . re
quire a separate institution to be erected
and maintained by the State.
¦. The discussion which followed the ad
dresses was opened by Dr. Samuel H.
Smith, who held that the theory of hered
ity relative to criminals was- absolutely
false. Men and. women are responsible
for their own making if the conditions
surrounding • them are favorable to the
formation of noble characters. Brief re
marks were made by Prison Director Rob
ert M. Fitzgerald and : Rev. Mr. Wood
ward,, after which an adjournment was
taken. .
The programme to-day; will be an in
teresting one. The afternoon session will
be held at the First Unitarian Church,
corner of Geary and Franklin streets, at
3 o'clock. - The subject of. .".The Juvenile
Court'. 1 will be discussed by Judges J.' V.
Coffey and M. v C. Sloss. In the evening
Dr Smith will speak on -the > subject
"Functions, of the Associated Charities*"
and Andrew M. Davis will talk on the. co
operation of the Associated Charities with
the Merchants' Association in the'forma
tion of a central : endowment committee
of- the charities, of the city. , -
- Arrangements-John >.'. Hermann, president •
Otto ¦ R.' -• Ludewig, vice ' president : > Robert : R."
Scheel ' secretary ; John ' Hartmanshenn, treas
urer; Caspar EHenberger^-^^ v :__- = ¦ «, = ,
Committees— Carl von Hartwig-, F." Huber, C.
Muller • J.iLoffler.'.L.; Schmidt, Otto Thlele, C.
Wedemeyer, tM. Lehman, * F.I A." Kuhls, W.'
Scheppler.v A. Klein. ¦¦. G. Audlbert. - H. C. F.
Stahl, i Thomas Maier,* A.*" Jolsaen; T. H. -Vor
rath • W. » Korneck, H. ; Korneck. O:, Nag-el. • F/
M -; Freund.' Ch^-Wlnters. :A. .Wlrtner." C."» Gol
cene, -H B.> Hotop;* J. 5 Peck; ' A. : R. v Kunxe, -. 8."
Goldstein, J.*. Dussourt; A. Wlttrock, v J. Martin,
Charles Trautner, G.'* E. Zimmermann,' ; Christ."
Roeber. F. Schneeeass, Charles A:* S tubenraucb.
The* merrymakers, arrayed in costumes
resplendent '.in* color, commenced to .as
semble about 9; o'clock,' and by midnight
filled ; the hall. -At ' 10 o'clock the prom
enade concert was held and served to give
the throng of spectators an excellent op
portunity to -view the many, characters
ably : sustained ' by .the • hundreds * of . mas
queraders.?^Q<F%mm0 sS9B9P>Q9tt BE || Qwi*4D9i
; Numerous ; prizes - of exceptional "value
were offered for competition and awarded
according to the relative ' merit ' of each
respective' competitor,* causing the rivalry,"
that ! existed -' among . the -i participants, '-. to
be ¦ quite in * evidence during ? the v evening.
•- At a late -hour all • unmasked' and * fes
tivities ; continued .until early In the morn
ing. ¦ -"¦ "¦'¦' *"'"'¦'¦ -¦-¦''¦'•¦.'.'¦'. ¦'. \ y ¦'"¦.'.. <
To the; following: committees is; due the
success ' of * the . affair :.
Heralded as ; the.. event 'of .the season,
the grand annual prize masquerade of the
Vereln 1 Elntracht ' was ; given ; at l Elntracht
Hall , last night, it i being/ the realization
of .• weeks . of \ extended '\ preparations ' and
untiring : efforts ; on .the ; part', of -' the dif
ferent' committees, and proved the suc
cess anticipated. ¦ .'-.' .:¦.. ¦>¦¦ * , .
; The spacious hall was illuminated with
incandescent lights of many hues .and
festooned in colors : of. the " society : in ad
dition -to -a pretty ) center piece suspended
from the ceiling.; \\., -¦¦¦: :¦---.
That Followed.
Merry Throng of Maskers Enjoys
Promenade Concert and Dance
VEREIMV EINTBACHT BAIL
;' V C PBOVES A BIG SUCCESS
The general eubject'of ."Prison Reform
In California" was discussed at the even
ing session. Robert M. Fitzgerald th-j
chairman of the evening, called the meet
ing to order with 'the statement that.no.
Bef ormation of Criminals.
In the discussion that followed - Mrs.
Blodgett of Holyoke. Mass.; Dr. ¦ Crab
tree of the Children's Hospital, Dr.; Levy
and Dr. Brown offered suggestions. : Re
fieshments were served by. the ladies -of
the Settlement at. 4 o'clock.
Dr. Willets gave . statements showing
that children cared for at modern hos
pitals thrived infinitely, better than those
cared for at home. Modern science was
doing much along this line and the fu
ture was full of promise. The speaker
urged that children afflicted with pul
monary troubles, cf which there are thou
sands in the poorer quarters of this city,
ought to be cared for by, the State. ., '
Mrs. John F. Merrill, said every city in
the State should have auxiliary hospital
rervlce devoted to the care of children.
At present San Francisco has the only
children's hospital In theState, and appli
cations are daily tewdved from interior
cities to be allowed, tp: send children ".to
the hospital. These are invariably re
fused, as the hospital has all !t can do '.o
accommodate the needy. children of San
Francisco.' • She urged that some steps
toward this end be taken. The idea was
also advanced that the establishment of
a children's emergency hospital to operate
in conjunction with the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to children would
be of immense value to the "community
from the humnnitt-rian standpoint. ,
A well-appointed hospital for children does
much good, a In the ¦ Eastern . cities, ' where I so
many little ones die from the effects of heat,
the children's hospitals have done much to de
crease the mortality. In connection with the
hospital in this city Is a convalescent or sum
mer home located at | Elmhurst. where sixteen
children from the tuberculosis ward are being
cared for. One of the greatest troubles to
be encountered in. the treatment of such chil
dren i» lack of cleanliness. We found a fam
ily of seven people living in three rooms in a
basement. The filth was Indescribable and all
of the children except one had whooping cough.
There is much work to do among tha children
of the poor. One of the urgent needs is a de
t»ntion hospital for the isolation of contagious
disease." Outdoor life for the treatment of tu
berculosis is indispensable, but there are no
accommodations at the present time for : the
poor. Something . should be done to save the
little ones of the poor. - .
At the opening of the afternoon session
at South Park Settlement Hall the, an
nouncement was made by . Mrs. Merrill
that Mrs. W. B. Harrington, who was to
have delivered an address on the subject,
"Care of the Child in Illness," was un
able to be present, owing- to illness. Dr.
Eva K. Willets of the Children's Hospital
was called upon and spoke .entertainingly
on the subject given. She gave a history
of the founding of children's hospitals in
various cities and "told the methods em
ployed In the care of the .sick. Resuming,
she said:
Care of Child in Illness.
never properly understood, we should come
close to the prevention of Insanity, i The time
Will come when a State like California will
not have more than 1000 Insane. The real
science is the science of prevention.
I don't plead for the reproduction of any
eyetem. Each State is the best Judgts of Its
own needs. If it will learn from the experience
of other communities.
I would have you cultivate hope in your
problems. Out of the disorders we have in
herited we are one day to be delivered. If
there in one doctrine I believe In more than
another it Is the perfectibility . of human na
ture.
. The ideas advanced by Dr. Smith were
discussed briefly by Dr. Stocking of Ag
news Asylum. . He believed that the
acute insane. ought to be segregated and
expressed - regret that the resources for
treating insane persons in the early
stages were lacking. The causes of in
sanity are chiefly heredity,- environment
and mental stress. Educated people rare
ly "become insane,' that affliction being for
the greater part confined to the ignorant
and illiterate. • ¦; :-.r.-,-J, ?!••'¦; .'; \"
THE second day's sessions of the
State Conf erence* of Charities and
Corrections opened with fair at
tendance at the Young- Men's
Christian Association yesterday
morning. Considerable interest' In the
day's proceedings was manifested by all
delegates and invited guests.. : , .,
A meeting of the heads of the^various
sections represented at the conference was
had at which the best methods of doing
charity and correctional work were dis
cussed. Those taking part In the dis
-cvssion were Mrs. Edward C. Tallant of
Fanta Barbara, Miss Katherine Felton of
this city. Mrs. John F. Merrill, Miss Cora
Bethel of San Jose. Miss C. A.. Whitney
of Oakland. apd Miss Virginia Fitch.-
The subject of co-operation among the
children's .homes of the State was. con
sidered at length and several valuable
suggestions were offered- At the close of
the discussion Dr. Samuel G. Smith ad
dressed the convention on the topic,
•Modern Metho-la of Dealing With tlie
Insane." He objected to the modern
method of herding insane people to
gether, one class being noisy and the
other dirty. He believed that all the
cases of Insanity could be cured if at all
curable within twelve months after treat
ment commenced. It •was far more
economical to spend $500 a year to secure
a cure In a case than to expend $200 a
year for twenty years in the treatment
of chronic cases. In conclusion, he said:
Insanity Among Children.
Tfc« etudy of the beginning of Insanity In
the child is tven more Important than the
treatment of the acute Insane. Children are
born with unstable, nervous organizations
from diseases in the family as well as from
lnscnity. In the care of nervous children.
I Mr. -Flick of the same club said that the
people I of '• his ;. district were ready to • do
thes most desperate deeds imaginable to
prevent any further building on the Bite
of the Twenty-sixth-street hospital,
v George H. ; Roundey ¦. also spoke." He
favored the purchase of the unimproved
tract that has been. offered to the city by
the land association » In which -he Is ¦ In
terested. He • was closely . questioned ¦ by
Max 1'opner, and finally admitted that the
purchase of the land offered, and the con
struction v of a . road - to ' reach • the prem
ises, would more than exceed the'appro
priation.-:¦.:*.' ¦¦¦¦ ¦' . " ¦¦- -. "' ¦¦' -' .
i J. J. Hay den, the representative of the
Pattridge estate, was called upon to make
a statement. He said that while the piece
of, land offered by him. .was one-half the
size ; of . the other piece, - it was ' Improved
and could ¦, be : made available in a. short
time. ; His wordB impressed his hearers,
and on his invitation, the committee was
appointed, to investigate. Mayor Schmitz
and * the members .. of the Hospital Com
mittee' of the -Board' of Supervisors and
of the Board of Health will be invited to
inspect the j of the present pesthouse
and the two sites offered to the city.' ¦
1 he . matter • was brought up by a com
munication submitted by the representa
tives df the Pattridge estate.; A lucid ex
planation of the advantages \ of that site
was made by a number, of the presidents
of the clubs in the southeastern part of
the Mission. "Peter Stollberg, president of
the Potrero Nuevo Club/- severely ¦: criti
cized-the Board of Health and the Board
of . Public Works for their dilatory tac
tics. •' •¦> -.-¦- ••¦ .•>¦ ': ;¦.;•.¦ :,
:. ' ¦ ' -\ .:•- - ¦ -; •' ¦
A committee, consisting of Max Popper,
George L. Center | and W. E. Dubois was
appointed last night by the Federation of
Mission*. Improvement Clubs to look into
the conditions surrounding' the acquisition
of a site for pesthouse purposes by this
city.*, This committee will meet the mem
bers of the Board of Health and Mayor
Schmltz , and "go over the ground thor
oughly. :. : . -
¦WASHINGTON. Feb. 15.— The President tiv
day agreed to appoint Hugo Muench of St.
Louis Consul at Zltlau, Saxony.
SCENE AT THE STATE CONFERENCE OF CHARITIES AND CORREC
TIONS NOW IN SESSION AND TWO OF THE SPEAKERS WHO TOOK
PART IN YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. . \
-Federated; Mission Clubs
Act, on. Pesthouse
Matter
Patrick Sullivan, a laborer, was attacked
by two robbers at Fourth and Kentucky
streets last night and severely beaten. Tha
desperate fellows did not get anything for
their trouble. Sullivan's Injuries were
dressed at the Harbor Hospital.
Beaten by Two Robbers.
SITE QUESTION
IS DISCUSSED
Hall of the" Shlel3 building: last night.
There were many pretty dresses and soms
odd | costumes,' and the judges awarded
the following prizes:
Handsomest male costume, B. W.
Jakobs, as Richard Carvel; best sustained
male character, the tramp. Charles Fos
ter; handsomest lady's costume, Mrs.
Hendry as Janice Meredith.- and best sus
tained female character, the tough girl,
Dorothy Rooney.. ' - ; '•"•'-
Methods of Dealing With the Insane, Care'pf
the Child in Sickness and Prison Re
form Are Themes- Eloquently Debated
IMPORTANT TOPICS DISCUSSED
BY CONFERENCE OF CHARITIES
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL,! SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1902.
25
J^^^^BP 1 ' BY ™ Dm ATJ0E ROSENBERG'S.
>^*3^y^ "^ ast a^ s °^> P e^ ruar y are our. bargain days> A good
i^^^^^l ;^! t X 1^ : storets advertising. See who exaggerates
; '^iWBP^fBkk^ an^ w ko understates* Come here in justice to yourself 'to
;:¦¦ . Sorosis Dainty Neckwear at Ncxt-to- westnihavesomiofLevtstrausa' /^Instead o! $2.00, |
Wffl&r ''¦ The -bestV wearing A \ C r LADIES' TURNOVER COL- /V *^ ni ** e^ l/IluCrWCar - ym. 'Summer's coming! )*
¦wagKr-t::- Kid Glove made; ¦ riU LARS, best quality lawn (*\ and HoSiePV /A\\W ' ' Winter Goods must Go !
Mr- equal if not better foundation, sheer Swiss embroidery and I >\ ai "* "UMCry A J| "^J . ~ hir l~* i a*
w^ ¦'.-'¦ than, any Glove Irish Point effect. Regular 12&C' collars; 'S^ That we bought for less than I I >\M . t LADIES WAISTS, tnaae
¦» ' made. Our pricey now ....:.... 5c JL R/^ half. Here are a few: -• ly ; y o£ b 1?f q «f- full frc^nt- tuck-
I iSSb- ¦-«?-.«»i«*iib. we ha Te rtvga^! ¦¦&iS:fiai«''W- sa shafts •ssA'S'ifcai-JriiS
H cut our prices in Half, leather »ned. Were 50c; now.. .....25c , -^ , ; rfeeves. arlkle length: Levi- F t^ D Biack^ XX Iron " Frame Alpaca.
I U» Here is one, for ¦ At 656 'SH^Sgffit&V
i : ' "<§&£¦¦ stance, made of best as easily put on as a corset, and when A f OK« Merino vests, good quality, ouvprice .....?: :....-...:... O8c
I £?'£& fast black twilled Qlo- ;'-JJorn- under -.that "garment- .will- protect Ai 631* merino; high' neck. . -long. c n . LADIES"- HIP PADS and
1 SPwt' *ri, oint), Bt«i ™^ ; i l wel1 a ? l » e dres t s - , wais t sleeves sleeves, well made and finished; whole- At OUC t^ tl e combined, made of
§ ,-na cloth, steel rod, nat-. from perspiration. It is far superior to | salers' price $4 50, dozen;, our; sample Kood Qua i lt y light weight wire, boned
I ural wood handles..Our price ..35c d " s s ,,!, hl^ ds ' }\l iT1 * f* ady to wear with price .....;....?......;.. <......, ...25c with- father bone; light, healthful and
I At 3c p|p#^ 15c g^S^ood 00^^^--^^^
| 2\Z OU, bes t- quality tempered steel, y to save, laundry bills. Odorless , and 'ton, high rieok. long . sieves, ankle. 'At 48 C jo^best Quality lawn Irish
ggood jet heads.^needle points. Onlyy .'.. impervious ; and can be washed in cold length; a good warm, sensible garment point open work? 32^32; worth 75c. 48c
g •••••• ••••••• 3c doz water.and soap. Our introduction, price f 0r 6 V ery little money; sample price.lCc *o en ODDS - AND ENDS OF
H Ar 9r SHAWL. PINS, best quality •••••• •••*• 65c a, 7c- CHILD'S COMBINATION Al '*t»3vl SILK WAISTS, best qual-
| AL " steel, 314 Inches long, good' jet A + «1 OK, LADIES'- ' CROCHETED "1--/O0 SUIT, aTl wool, steam shrunk lty trfffetar tucked and hemstitched;
H heads. Now.: — ............'......2c doz x . *"! • W " J SKIRTS, best quality Ger- and medicated, high neck, long sleeves, others all tucked; adjustable collar.
Kl Af Qp CUSHION TOPS, made- of man yarn, hand-crocheted, in every de- ankle length. Onelta style; finest grade.- lined; regular, $3 and $7 50 values;
H ¦ good quality denim, stamped sirable . color -combination; well made Levi Strauss' wholesale price $12- dozen; • now .............. ...v .»... -S-.oO
Bin every design, ready to wprk;«-on ex- and worth $2.; jNow.-V....... ....... .$1.35 our sale price ...75c Ladies' and Children's Sample Hosiery.
M hibition O'Farrell-st. windows. Regular O ¦ i " ' 1 1 . Q.,,.. »»«*»»¦ c^v« fh ,. _, o y, mT ?h» frnm
I At 0^^ S^-i-t-^iw -i-i^iiK' : f| F - ? ' R II II RIP ft'P^ -" 8 - ie -- .-"»^KaT e.sxHKaT, t : ggJ^«si5-«S <I^ t -SS
MtL 1 l %g%s2&'°$&sBi-- Jut nu.oCRDtnb «™wrc!,*«» <>¦*».».• \.^ ; ho ' ou A^5o jp^gas
1 ArMc^S^f. TVS'i N D kii£ O , Ma " " Pd "- S "" C ' teJ - PHELAN BU.I.D1NG. . j rf&H. H0|K t^M^^cot^n.
i ¦ * *i CHIEFS, best Japanese silk, Health Is Wealth Tft Havr 71 Cr\r\A FnrTnVnil Mil xi JU*W(%X toes; best fast colors; reeu-
1 neat ' hemstitched, colored borders. iiwuiui lo : TT tfullil. .. lOilaVC auOOarOriu XOU^lUil •. »fj:^|Jy:- i a r 50c- sample price..25c
I Worth 50c; now 25e «. LADIES' GOWNS, made Wear the PrODSr CorSCt. '""^Cjlfe At 9Ro LADIES' "aND
1 A* 1 n MOURNING PINS, best quality ., «» ot best quality striped TTWil ui«.lfiUllBi vui Jwu lr**J*E* At «C. c H ! ldrbn-S
3 Ml I C s-eei needle ooints 60 in box • v5. flannelette, double yoke' .Qei. The new La Grecque lat- ft //^l HOSE, best quality wool
1 * ulu, neeaie P°' nts > bu m ° 0 *' back, front yoke tucked* .,#« tice ribbon; .the finest iCtf \ cashmere, double heela and
'A were tfw. now... '• • ••' o ¦•«5ra3awS?B » and hemstitched, collar straight-front corset, made toes; best quality fast
!' A 4- Kn' LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, n( l sleeves trimmed with ' \*J ' of finest imported sateen; It " black; wholesale price, J4 dozen; now at
j /\L -Ol/ made of best quality Irish J»R^J*1 • neat finishing braid and '/ -s is cut with low sloping bust, sa mple price : 25c
H lawn, hand-initialed, narrow hem. Reg- WUnVB edgeo>^with torchon lace; /\_& ful1 at. the top with waist *, q- CHILD'S HOSE, good Peru-
1 ular 15c handkerchief; "now.... ...5c ¦ III j| H f -were $1.50. Now...:.. 9Sc ."Sg^vi??* 1 - llne running low down in.Al 3O vian cotton, double heels, toes
S a i. c« GRENADINE VEir.lNR lipqt '< a r *1 nc LAfiTPS' <?tctrt<5 o-no/i • / / T«Wy»' ' * ront » giving the much-de- and knees, good fast black; worth $150
i colors R^ar25c^g; now ; ...^^^^ x HOSE.^good^fas
ra black and colors.' Only ......7c asK ror tnis sKirt — Sl.uo ribbon work prevents the a. oc« GENTS* FANCY SOX best
i At 9C P 0^, 811 " 8 ? 118^ 681 Qual " At 35C IVIES' -WRIST BAG; good cor set from stretching out of shape; bet- At ZOC q ua iny English thread, 'fancy
H .5 lty brl t s tles, well made, bristles rvL O J y., quality suede, finely finished, ter thAn.most $3 50 corsets. Now..$1.75 colored stripes- fast colors; double heels
fflwont come out; soft., medium or ;.stiff. imachine-sewed.V. extra .nickel WHAT NO OTHER-TORE WIi-L DQ. and toes; sample price 25c
M Now.^.. v »........,......... ;; ... ;..... .Oc chain; worth 50c. Now....... 3 uC Guarantee a corset for three months. \ f lnr GENTS* SOX. best Peruvian
H At 12C , DRES , S W SHI ELDS, best qual- a t C1 OK BATTENBERG SCARF, It's Her Majesty, th« best wearing corset Z^ 1 luo cotton. double heels and
M t~ „ ' 7". lty rubber, nainsook covered, .^.y 1 '" .24x24,. 'all' linen braid; new for stout women. Fitted and warranted, toes; best fast black; Strauss' price
M Good 2oc quality; now.... ....;.... ...12c fancy stitches;: worth $165; now.$1.25 Our price ....: ..-$12.75 $1 25; now selling lOc
A D 7EBTISEMEHTS.
The use of inhalers, douches and sprays is a
nuisance and inconvenience and can in no wise
compare favorably with the- same antlslptlcs
given In tablet form internally, where they can
reach. the stomach and blood and kill catarrh
germs right ' where they are produced. >
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain highly con-
centrated antiseptics, Red Gum, Blood Root,
etc., which kill the catarrh germs In the blood
and mucous membrane,' and in this respect are
strictly scientific and modern, ' because all au-
thorities are now agreed that catarrh is a con-
stitutional blood disease, and local applications
can have only a transitory effect. . --. .
The old time treatment of catarrh was In
the form of inhalers, washes, douches, sprays,
etc. Later on Internal remedies were used
with greater success. > but being in liquid or
powder form were Inconvenient to use and like
all -medicines In liquid or powder form losn
their medicinal properties when opened or ex-
posed to the air. r . ' ¦ -. . ;
Th'e tablet is the Ideal form in which to ad-
minister medicine, but until recently no suc-
cessful catarrh tablet had ever been attempted.
There is ' now, ' however, an excellent, and pala-
table remedy for catarrh' In tablet form, known
as -Stuart's Catarrh . Tablets and sold by drug-
gists, composed of the most recent discoveries
In .medicine for cure of catarVh. and results
from their use have been highly gratifying.- v
All Forms of Catarrh.
A New Discovery Which Cures
An Ideal
Medicine.
GRAPE-NUTS.
. . They can be carried tn the pocket and used
any - time and as ¦ often as ' desired.-, since ' they
contain no cocaine, mercury or any other ; in-,
• ¦ A prominent lawyer, and ' public speaker of
PittEburg says: "I have been troubled ; with
catarrh of ; the head and . . throat for. twelve
years. In this climate It seems impossible. to
(ret rid of it. The continual dropping of mucus
irorn the nose Into the throat caused Irritation
and hoarseness, seriously' Interfering with < my
public speaking;. It took ¦ me an hour or . more
of coughing, gagging, expectorating. and sneez-
ing every morning . before I ; could 1 eettle • down
to work, and this condition gradually '.brought
on' catarrh. of stomach, causing ' loss ' of appe-
tite, poor digestion and a foul breath, : which
annoyed. me exceedingly.'; My physician ad-
vised me. to try Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and
I took them ' for . two - months and * was aston-
ished to - find how ¦ - quickly they /. cleared ¦ my
head,' throat and stomach, and I have no hesi-
tation in recommendtnz them. .Theyiare not
only pleasant to take, but they seem to get at
the very root of .' the trouble, ,. because since
using them I have had no trace of catarrh."
' Druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at BO
cents for full sized package. 1 ¦ • >
Sometimes bad teeth cause Illness, par-
ticularly when they are not fit to masti-
cate food. A man in Ada, Ohio, had all
of his teeth drawn. He was sick with
indigestion and la<:k of vitality and his
teeth were In a bad condition- He ex-
pected, with a new complete set of teeth, 1
to regain his health by thoroughly chew-
Ins his food, but he had an experience
that Is well worth knowing of.
"Instead of Improving-, I continued to
lose strength." he says, "until I was. a
mere moving skeleton* I tried a number
of prepared foods, but none of them
helped mo until I got Grape-Nuts. The
flavor incased my palate at once. 1
soaked the food in cream and get along
with it r.lcely. Within a few days I no-
ticed that I was not so tired and Jaded.
Gradually I grew stronger, bo I left off
all othor foo<!s and took only Grape-
Nuts.
"My old-time vigor came back and in'
two months I gained seventeen^ pounds.
This* was remarkable, for I am of spare
build. Now I sleep and feel wonderfully
well. ¦
"Inasmuch as I am doing so nicely with-
out teeth. I have concluded to wait until
xny gums have finished shrinking before
harm? a set made. I don't believe I.
could have gone through the drain on" my
system had it not been for Grape-Nuts.
There is no doubt about the life-giving
and nerve-bulldins force of that food. I
talk Grape-Nuts to all of my friends."
Name given by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
A Help in Time of Need.
TEETH AND FOOD.
JOiB ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
it is a; shame; forI
¦-,* ANY; CASE OF | I
PirLES
;¦¦-¦; !f 0. be gut. . j
MODERN SCIENCE ; HAS COM- r \
iVl pletely "mastered the disease, Z
without sur "f-ry. or. delay.: DO NOT j >Z
ALLOW .-: TO ' BE ; ft
> BUTCHERED UNTIL" YOU HAVE f . ft
t INVESTIGATED.'; Over »; one ' thbu- ' !;![
¦ sand -J: cases > 'permanently cured ; K
¦ .without .a -single /failure, 500 : of is
I whom live* in -the city of San'Fran- <;s
Cisco.' THE j NAMES . OF . 75 PROM-i \ li
i "/ INENT L BUSINESS V; MEN ! SENT ; '&
1 AS ' : REFERENCE. * Do ': not ' take ' '<$
i : niy \ Vof4 '*• x *.*• : ut ¦ ?5?, °^ what , < X
! ; : theV*: have ' to say. • Th'e'.worst cases • '< i
!;' /wanted. Write ; to-day ? for. further. '<<
'!'/, particulars.^.Address- RESIDENT «
? : PHYSICIAN,'; boat. 2673,". 'Call* Office,"; «
/ ; San: Francisco. 7, v . : . . -/vv.-; ?z
A Discovery r of a Rcmt dy Has Been Made
That Restores Lost Manhood and Gives
Man the Vitality of a Lion.
One Week's Trial Package Sent Free to All
\yff[ Men Who Write For It.
.Regenerative Tablets U the only recognized effect and the patient feels the benefit aft«r
positive and permanent car* for Lost Manhood Its first day's use. It goes direct to th« seat
In air Its farms and 'stages. : . . . of the trouble, no matter of boif loar stand-
It Is scientifically prepared by the best chem- Ing; giving strength and development where It
lsts In the world. The . reputation of the In- Is needed. This marvelous remedy banishes all
atitutlon 1» such, that 'all physicians ¦ knew feellnys of bashfulness toward the opposite sex;
when they stand sponsor for a remedy, that cures all the ills and trouble* that come from
remedy must be exactly as represented. And early abuse, excess or overwork and business
when upon their reputation ¦ they make the state- cares, alt of which result In premature loss
ment that Regenerative Tablets. will cure all of strength and memory; emissions, tmpotency .
cases of Lost Manhood.. Spermatorrhoea. Varl- and varieccele. Regenerative Tablets wUI ef-
cocele or weakness of any nature of the nerve feet a cure at any age; there is no case that
or sexual organg, a cure must be positive and It will not cure permanently except whera
permanent. This Company .will send every ePHepsT or Insanity has already been reach**
r^^whoMsT^eri^rom-nervou. peases ™3F&!%& SZ
a, week's treatment absolutely free. Tner* Is ment absolutery free and postpaid, carefully
but . one , test of a . genuine medicine - and that wrapped In a plain package with no advertising
Is the results which are obtained by Its Use; on It to indicate what It contains. They h*v«
if it cures thediaeaseforwhichitia prepared received thousands of letters from^people all
,.,,, m ?_,' ¦~i^i.-TM.u »h^*»..» »„ 'wuh over the country telling of the moat astonish-
It Is a true remedy. /This J'^test by which ma(J< by Rerenerat , Ve Tab l«ts. Their
the Fallopla ; Lynn Co. wish their. one week oae wee 1 * free offer Is genuine, and no •mbar-
free treatment to be tried. After using Re- ratwtng questions asked. Writ* to-day to th«
generaUve Tablets' one .week, I the sufferer win Fallopla t Lynn Co.. 720 Pozzoni - building. St.
find new v^.^hl. organ.: new f»r«. a hU {^•^•^¦^ £\£?&.
muscles: new blood In his veins; new ambition; u, e free treatment, will explain how to
a new man in vitality, health and appearance.: take the treatment. in private and cur* your-
' Regenerative Tablets has a peculiarly iratefui «elf at homa, , .., _THE third annual session of the
American Congress of Tubercu
losis will be held on May 14, 15
and 16 at the Hotel Majestic, New
, York City, in joint session ; with'
the Medico-Legal Society.
The executive committee has authorized
the' appointment - of three vice presidents
from each State, country or province, and
an honorary vice president from each.
Dr. Alfred E. Regensburger of this city
has been appointed vice president for
California, with authority to appoint ;two
additional representatives to the congress
from this State. . '
. There will be, aside from all papers of
a miscellaneous character, f four sym
posiums arranged, each to occupy one
session of the body as follows:
"Preventive Legislation. Embracing • the So
cial Municipal and State Aspects of Tubercu
losis." (What aid should be expected from
the State in the cure and prevention of tu
berculosis, and how shall this. be. secured 7)
in Its Pathological and Bac
teriological Aspects." ," . ; . , ,'~,
"The Medical and Surgical Aspects or Tu
berculosis." , (Embracing sanltoria and cli
matic conditions.; light and electricity.)
"The Veterinary Aspects of Tuberculosis.
Already a large number - of "enrolled
members have- announced the titles of
theln papers for the session, and many
more will contribute papers and submit
the titles later. - -¦¦'¦
- The Presidents of the Central and South
American republics and all governments
on the American continents have been in
vited to send delegates. Of the honorary
vice presidents all but two of the prov
inces of the Dominion of Canada have al
ready accepted, and among those who
have so far accepted from. the. American
States five are Governors. -
The executive committee of j the , con
gress invites those who were named a:
delegates by the Governors of States ci
medical or ; scientific bodies for »the ses
sion of 1901 to enroll for the forthcoming
conference. Delegates from medical
bodies 5 and scientific | or legal associations
or associations of the bar are invited tc
send delegates, who will be given the
rights of the floor and a vote at the ses
sions. Arrangements are to.be made bj
which the railway companies will make
a reduced rate, the particulars of which
will be given the delegates.
¦¦: Clark Bell of 39 'Broadway, New Tori
City, is the secretary.
Albin Putzker Lectures on Paust.
. Professor Albin Putzker of the Univer
sity : of • Calif ornia gave .a lecture on
Goethe's T "Faust'Mast night, at the Me
chanics' Institute Library before a large
audience. - Professor Putzker ably re
viewed^ the book, first reading: the Ger-
Sl-^'i n tr^ n » IatIn e ". He gave a vivid
description of Faust and Mephistopheles.
f», ™ ct l! re . w *V ne of a serles Siven by
the Mechanics' Institute.
Lecture on City Water Supply.
Ex-Supervisor Charles Wesley " Reed
will deliver a lecture on the water sup
ply of San Francisco this evening at the
Academy: of Sciences Hall, 819 Market
street. > ¦ • . •
Raymond Pleads Guilty.
Frank Raymond, who Is accused of at
tempting to : commit burglary, withdrew
his. plea of not guilty, in Judge Graham's
court . yesterday and pleaded guilty He
will be sentenced next -Friday.
' WELL-KNOWN PHYSICIAN OF THIS; CITY WHO HAS BEEN AP
POINTED VICE PRESIDENT' FOR /CALIFORNIA AT THE TUBER
i/.^CULOSIS CONGRESS TO BE HELD IN NEW YORK CITY.
Sues Minister for Damages.
Joseph Herzogr, administrator of the es
tate or A. H. Herzogr.'. who ? was : kiHed by
a ;fa>l. from a" porch in the rear of a in
mate cafe -at. 607 v Post street la« •¦?.,««
Rev. John Hemphill . and his wife Lizzie
owners -of the ; property, . and FjR?h
proprietor of the cafe. - - - ' T* l atn '
Walsh and Coghlan Now Have Larga
Leads Over Alpers and
Eggers.
The votes cast ¦ in the Second Precinct
of the. Thirtyrfirst^ district, .the Fifth of
the Forty-fourth District - and '- the Ninth
of the Twenty-eighth District were count
ed in Judge Murasky's .court yesterday
As a result of «*«¦¦ recount' Alpers lost 13
votes,- Egger3 13 fetid Coghlan V> The
present standing of- the candidates named
is as follows: T V>Vo />
- Offldal l£ g8t o Present-
Braunhart 10.749 . 5l7
Payot ..:... 16.571 381 1R19O
Wilson ......... 16,517- 4(U 16 n-W '
Bent:......;.... 10,112 498 ltmx
E&gera ...:..... 15,953 671 is'oio
Alpers 15,940 533 ,\i%~ ¦• .
Walsh ;....-.... 15.8S6 214 ?£££
Coghlan .:..;..\15.e86 200 vsjqb
Finn...:... .....15.505 204 ll'tni
Lyons .......... 15.574. 22nL l^tli
Aird r .... .'. . . : . . 15,523 221
— t ft . - 15 ' oW
LABOR CANDIDATES GAIN
STEADILY IN RECOUNT
Scully ' came- \ Into prominence about
Christmas by swearing out a warrant t or,
the arrest of a business man in the Claus
Spreckels building on the charge of as
sault to murder. He . claimed that the
business man came into' the bar on Christ
mas morning and shoved two revolvers
under his nose, threatening " to blow his
head off because , Scully had ordered • him
out, of- Harney's saloon, where he was a
bartender. The case came up before Judge
Mogran, but Scully subsequently had to
confess that he ¦ had been romancing, and
it was dismissed. - ' ' •_ v
"When Harney opened his saloon at 6
o'clock yesterday morning he discovered
that it had been broken into during his
absence and several bottles of whisky and
about 250 cigars had been stolen. The
till ' had also been forced open ' and all
the money it contained taken. Harney's
rain coat was left on the counter and his
suspicions at once reverted to Scully.
About 7 o'clock Scully called upon Har
ney and wanted to borrow 30 cents to get
his breakfast. Harney kept him In con
versation and quietly notified the South
ern Police Station by telephone that he
had a burglar in his . saloon. Policeman
Laws was sent to the saloon and Harney
asked him to arrest Scully on. the charge
of burglary, explaining that his place had
been entered and the money and articles
stolen. He also pointed to the rain coat
as evidence of Scully's guilt. When
searched Scully had $4 50 in his pockets,
although he had asked for 30 cents from
Harney to buy *hls breakfast. The coat
and '. money . were booked , as evidence,
against, him.' It is .supposed by Harney
and the police that he broke into Harney'a
saloon with the" object of getting articles
to stock hi3 own saloon on City Hall ave
nue. ¦>••"••
.Scully applied for a license for a saloon
at 121 City Hall avenue, which was grant
ed by the Police Commissioners last
Wednesday night. He had been for some
time a bartender with Joseph Harney,
saloonkeeper at 1656 Market street, and
Friday during the rain he went to Harney
and asked for the loan of a, rain coat.
He got the coat and returned it during
the afternoon. That nlghfhe called again
and borrowed the rain coat.
. James C. Scully, instead of becoming a
full-fledged saloonkeeper, is booked at the
City Prison on a charge of burglary. The
charge was preferred by Joseph Harney,
saloonkeeper at. 1656 Market street.
James C* Scully Placed
Under Arrest for
.6 •/•
MILTON". Feb. 15.— After a period of Inac
tion covering a dozen years, work has been
resumed at the North Hill mine, three miles
from Milton. •';.-"-¦ •
CLAIM HE STOLE
TO STOCK PLACE
LABOR mnOIT GIVES AN"
. EXCF,T,T.F.TTT ; PEEPOEMAITCE
First Production- on th© American
> Stage of "The . Power "of
.' . . ¦ .. ".' : I»abor." ¦ •,-.
"The Power of Labor" was given last
night under the auspices of the local la
bor unions' at 'the San "Francisco"- Turn
Hall Theater, 323. Turk street. ., »^
The play was translated from the Ger
man by Miss Pansy French and* repre
sented the present period of our Indus
trial and commercial lif e. It was exceed
ingly well rendered, with the well-known
actor, Henry Maret, in the principal role,
as the Hunchback, ably supported by
Miss Blanche Bouviere and a company of
ability. - • .
Ballets, songs and other specialties were
introduced. The latest march, composed
by Mayor Schmitz, waa rendered by Pro
fessor Louis N. Ritzau.
After the performance '. a ball . was en
joyed. The following was the cast:
Irving Marlow, the Iron King, "William
Lansing; Charles, his s.on, John Gunn;
Emily, his stepdaughter, Mlga Blanche
Bouvlere; Thomas, his secretary. Alfred
Adams: Edward Moreland, ¦ a machinist
T. T. Shaw; Marie, his sister. Miss Ydome
La Rue: John, the hunchback, Henry
Maret: "Walter Leslie, a business agent.
J. C. Bates; Selow.-Howell and Count of
Arnold, friends of Charles Marlow, Grant
Wagner, M. Barron and A. Stelger; po
lice officer, Charles Curtez: waiter, Ed
Edlnghoff : servant, Philip Moore.
A large crowd was present. : -
Deane Claims California
Oil Deposits Take .'-,.
First Place. ."
A contractor named McMurtry agreed
tc flush the city sewers for $400 per month.
For the last three months of the year
1893 his claim on the treasury was $1200.
McBean also had a contract for taking
care of the city's sewage and his claim
covering the same period as McMurtry's
was for $1225. The amount of money in
the sewage fund at that time was a trifle
over $200.
McBean brought suit, and on appeal to
the Supreme Court his claim was or
dered paid. In January, 1897, McMurtry*
presented an authorized demand for the
amount of his claim. Payment was re
fused, but four months later McBean's
claim was paid -without Its having been
properly authorized by the City Board of
Trustees. McMurtry's claim was assigned
to the Fresno Canal and Irrigation Com
pany, which is the party bringing suit to
recover the disputed $1200.
The Strpreme Court holds that McMur
try shouSd have been paid and is entitled
to recover on the contract.
to Alexander McBean the sum of $1200,
¦which rightfully belonged to the Fresno
Canal and Irrigation Company. A deficit
in the city treasury and an order of the
Supreme Court are responsible for Mc-
Kenzie's expensive mistake.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that W. H. McKenzie, who was treasurer
of Fresno in the years 1S93-1894, had paid
Suit of Interest to State's
Municipalities.
Canal and Irrigation Company Wins
SAYS STATES
FIELDS LEAD
Albert J. Lyser, . principal of the John
Swett School, against whom counter
charges of unprofessional conduct were
made by Mrs. Mary C. McKlnney, whom
he charges with Insanity, petitioned the
Board of Education yesterday to bring
his case to an immediate trial. Lyser ex
presses his desire to waive all formalities,
as he preferred to meet the charges at
once. The formality which Lyser seeks
to avoid Is the preliminary Investigation,
which Superintendent of Schools Webster
is at present conducting. On Webster's
report will hinge the ordering of the trial
by the Board of Education. In fact, on
his recommendation the board may take
action forthwith, as it did in the case of
Principal Blanchard, .who, however, was
let off with a reprimand. \.-
The attention of School Director Ronco
vieri was called In the Mayor's presence
to the petition filed by Lyser. Roncovierl
had not heard that the petition had been
filed, but Mayor Schmltz at once advised
Roncovleri to have the matter proceed in
the legal way, according to the charter.
This requires that the investigation be
made by the Superintendent of Schools.
tendent's Investigation, but the
Mayor Advises Against It.
"Would Waive Formality of Superia-
TBESITO'S TREASUHEB
MAKES COSTLY MISTAKE
pbhtctpal I/Tseb, waitts
TO BE TRIED FORTHWITH
MEN OF LEARNING TO DISCUSS
THE SUBJECT OF TUBERCULOSIS
Thirds Annual Congress WiHGpnven
May' in New York to Consider Prevention
and the Cure of the Dreaded Disease
- i ...... - . ¦ ,
- Dr. C. T. Deane, secretary of the Cali
fornia Petroleum Miners' Association, has
been gathering statistics and making esti
mates concerning the relative wealth of
Calif ornia : and Texas in the matter of
petroleum deposits. This information will
soon be emboded in a-pamphlet.'.which
will be given wide circulation. • Secretary
Deane's general conclusion is that the
gushers of Beaumont, although they may
make a spectacular * display and produce
an immense quantity of oil, affc really, of
less collective capacity, together with all
other Texas oil properties combined, than
the fields of this State. Dr.. Deane says
that the figures will bear him out In. this
statement. ... - ¦ -
The Senator, Central Point, Aztec, Chi
cago Crude and Toltec oil companies* have
all cast In their lot with the Associated
Oil Company. These are known: as the
Brooks companies.
- The Los Angeles Herald finds that there
has been an. improvement in the market
for oil in Los/ Angeles. I This remains the
fact notwithstanding, that the local pro
duction has been increased. The Herald
says: , .
Indeed, In all the oil fields a healthier tone
Is prevailing-, and though Los Angeles was
perhaps, more unfavorably situated ¦ than any
other oil field there has been a marked change
In the situation during the past two months,
and this in spite of the fact that by the new
wells brought in and the deepening of ¦ others
the production of the Held- has been largely
increased. Prices for crude oil are 'several
points better than they were a short time ago
and the demand for distillate has been ; such
that this week orders were left temporarily tin-?
filled on account of a shortage. The new
Franklin refinery is about* to; put In several
additional stills, and with the Texas refinery
establishing Itself the outlet for oil' from the
local field will be increased' in this direction.
A St. Louis T concern is about to begin
operations on* a forty-acre tract adjacent
to the town of McKittnck, mining asphal
tum. , - ¦-.
The Merced Sun reports that the Crock
er-Huffman Company, before. suspending
drilling on the tract west of Merced,
reached a depth of 1920 feet without dis
covering any indications of oil. The com
pany intended to go to the depth of 2500
feet, but concluded that there was no
benefit in proceeding farther 1 than,' the
depth mentioned. A. flow of' artesian
water was encountered, which amounts
to 70.000 gallons per day. - . ~> -
The great gusher that has been discov
ered by the Santa Fe '. Company - in p the
Fullerton oil field produced at the start
at the rate of 2500 barrels per day. Before
the well could ¦ be got . under control . the
oil was flowing down a hillside in a broad
stream. .• • . -
Three wells are being drilled in the
Santa Maria field, the home of the West
ern Union Oil Company, and preparations
are being made for eight more wells to
be put down. " . v, >
Good fuel oil is now worth 30 cents per
barrel at the wells in. 'Kern' County.- The
price was half that until - the Associated
Oil Company became an actual factor in
the oil business. There (is less rate-cut
ting than there was, and all the companies
are better off for the better prices -that
exist. " . . • ¦- ' ¦ •.,..
People who own lands in? the Temblor
district -are arranging to secure ' a water
supply for the district. ~ :
- The best fuel oil is now. quoted in Los
Angeles at 50 to 60 cents per barrel at the
wells. ¦ Oil at less .than .:. 14 v gravity is
quoted at 40 to 50 cents per barrel.
. A Boston company la about to begin ope
rations in the Devil's Den country.' F F
Ames, who represents the Eastern people!
has purchased supplies at Bakersfleld; and
he says that two rigs will be erected
, The daily consumption. of the" oil refin
eries of the State is estimated to be about
9600 barrels. The largest consumers -at
present are the Pacific Coast, Puente and
Sunset .; companies. . . The . first f mentioned
uses up ' more than 2000 barrels . per : day
The Puente and the Sunset consume about
1200 barrels per; day each.. The Hercules
™£> n £* y ? l Los Angeles , requires about
1000 barrels per . day. There • are t refineries
at seven - different places >-- in ¦:¦. California.
The building -of the • great works j of : the
Standard Oil Company, at Point Richmond
will vastly increase 'the demand for Cali
fornia crude oil for refining. .. ;•• ¦;.•-••¦• ¦
JThe , National : Oil r Reporter ¦ finds that
the : percentage • of ; Increase in . exports r of
American petroleum . in 1901 •<>; was ;. more
than double the increase in the percentage
of " the production of i petroleum <in"i 1901
es ; compared . with the showing ; for ; 1900.
figures are summarized as follows:;;^
The latest 'official; estimates "from '-the 'Board
of Geological Survey place the? production i of
petroleum ; for 1001 ¦ at 2, 7T2.000. 000 gallons - : as
against a production of 2,062,000,000 gallons for
1000— an increase of j 4.13 per* cent,'? while the
exports of petroleum for the- year 1001 1 . were
1,078,802,024 : gallons, • as ; against 975,123 47G
gallons in 1900 —an Increase of 0 per cent. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 16. 1902.
26
Cures
Drunkards
Secretly
Free Package of foe Only Successful Cora "
Known for;I)ra2i^enaes3 Sent to
• All Wlo Send Nama and
It Cm Bj Pat Secretly' Into T»»4 ar j Cofte, tnl
\ Quickly Cores Uis Dria'c Habit.
: Pew men become drunkards from choice or
Inclination— all welcome release from the aw-
ful habit. Golden Specific will cure the worst
habitual drunkard. This wonderful remedy
can be administered by wife or daughter, la
.food, tea, coffee or milk, without causing the
slightest suspicion. Its cure Is sure, wlt&out
MR and MRS- HARRY BURNSIDE.
harmful results to the system. Many & hom*
la now 'happy by the use of Golden Specific.
"My husband got into a habit of taking a
drink with the boys on his way home," says
Mrs. Harry Burnslde. "After a while h» came
home drunk frequently. He soon lost hia posl-
, tion and 'I had to make a living lor . both of
us and the little children. At times he tried
to sober up. but the habit was too strong: for
htm, and then he would drink harder \ than
ever. I heard of Golden Specific and sent for
a' free package. The treatment cured him. I
put It In • his coffee and ha never knew It at
all. He regained, his old .¦ position and now
we are happy in our little home again. ¦ I hojiu
you will send Golden Specific to every woman
that has suffered^aa I have and save her loved
ones from the drunkard"s grave."
' Send your name and "address to Dr. J. W.
Haines, 29SC Glenn Building, Cincinnati. Ohio,
and he will mall you a free package of Golden
Specific in a plain : wrapper, accompanied by
full directions • how to use , It. Enough of the
remedy is sent in each free package to give
you an opportunity to witness Its marvelous
.effect on those who are slaves to drink.
Do not delay: Tou cannot tell what may
happen to the man who- drinks, and you would
sever forgive yourself for waiting.
AN EXPLANATION TO DISORDERED MEN
o ; — o
j^* — "v^ IN SEARCH OF
M • A PROPER TREATMENT.
(r^k i&*&^&*\ We do not delude ourselves for
jf^l I one moment that we are the only
\2$v J?Kk J specialists in the country that
y^if^^^^^J cure the so-called "Weakness of
r-%^^^^ Men," but we do wish to intro-
yjV^^^^A\ duce to P at ' ents of this class cer-
y// Jl^i^A\s ta^ n sunc^ r y opinions we hold upon
iL yl^ I x^ SUCh cases « wnich f although they
wj |\ \^j ll may be at variance with ideas
U 1 \ n*\/l '// 8 enera My. received, we are cop-
t 1* talcott m. d vinced from practical experience
oSt rlctly reliable. E.tab. 15 year.^ a r<>^ nrri . rf >j
THERE IS A TENDENCY NOWADAYS TO ASCRIBE CASES OF LOST VITAL-
Ity to Uck of nerve force and to *reat tt»em as such, with tonics, electricity and
stimulants, resulting In the most temporary benefit. If at all.
In order to sraln true and clear views ae to the probable Influence of the nerves as
m. factor, I hare made many observation* and examination!) and have supplemented
them by Ions continued and extended experiments. These experiments • have been un-
biased by any theory and have not been prejudiced by any Ideas or views of my own-
ray aim bas not been to theorize, but put a proper Interpretation on the facts carefully
elicited and th« appearances presented. Ae a result of these observations and practical
experience I have been convinced that the nerves play but a subsidiary role In the pro-
Auction of the disorders. It Is very unusual to find any trouble. In an otherwise strong
• man. other than a damaged prostate or deep urethral Inflammation, particularly in
those whose disorders originated In too long- continued and too often .¦ related excite-
ment, or the harmful influence exercised by an ill treated contracted disorder and if
exhausted nerve force seemed to be present It is only as a ' concomitant, or perhaps
¦we may eay a complication of chronic prostatltls, and disappeared with Its cure
Still further these facts are verified by purely local treatment, for procedures dlrectl
ed toward repairing the damaged eland are always rewarded by th« - most brilliant
cures. Colored chart sent securely sealed on application. • - -
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON.
liyperdcrmtc Injection the Modern Treatment,
After ten years' use of this method we have had no reason to chance; on the con-
trary, our belief increases dally from reports of patients •, treated who have married
and suffered no relapse. It oCers the following advantages, viz. : Saves time for the
physician and patient, as well as labor, office visits being rendered Infrequent Be-
sides, little change is necessary in diet or habits of life, the disease Is readily con-
cealed and permanent cure Is effected In a short time/ the stomach is not drugged and
the precise dosare ie obtainable. The expense also is Kreatly reduced. — ¦
CONTRACTED DISORDERS.
Vnier the treatment pursued before Irrigations were 'established six weeks ; was
deemed the duration of an acute contracted disorder. If It proceeded beyond six weeks
It was considered to have gone into a chronic condition. From statistics compiled from
our practice in the past flv« years, covering over C5O0 cases, we can show that 80 per "
cent of our patient* have recovered in fourteen days or less. It is, therefore, equally
proper to bold that a case not entirely cured within two weeks must be considered a
chronic one, and eome complication has arisen for which the patient should see a spe-
cialist. "We invite free consultation on this subject, and offer an experience of over
twenty years. In fact, we can positively assert that we have never failed to cure In a
einrle instance. :
ALL yARICOCELES SHOULD BE. CURED.
Varicoeele Is an enlargement of the most vital blood vessels in man. The functions
of these veln6 Is to earry off waste, thus enabling. the org-an to receive fresh nutrition
The disease consists of dilatation and local stagnation of; blood.- A* a result we find
sometimes aulte Insensitive organs, which are Ill-fitted to produce their secretion. Va-
ricoeele is a very common disorder. Statistics show that 25 per cent of the male popu-
_ latlon are afflicted with some stage of the disease. We emphatically guarantee to cure
Vartcocele In one we*k at our office or four weeks of home treatment. . We have cured
over 8000 cases, without a. single failure or unpleasant result. ¦ f ';>.*i&s$*!tof&
Owing to extensive Inquiries by mail from Oregon relative to our methods of treat-
ment for disorders of Men. Dr. Talcott & Co. of San Francisco have opened a branch
office In Portland. 260% Alder street, corner Third street,* where those desirous of ob-
taining their Berrlces may. have the benefit of personal consultation and examination.
Dr Talcott & Co Market Street,
UL • J. UlVUll t* VU., Corricr Sixth.
* II /VOT^I^rPTTT^TV^r^ *
jZ I I a Ik | N^ r I 1 1 ¦ B >A
* - nll^ I r I I rn\i *
¦& llvL/I £J 1 iJul\ U €•
! STOMACH BITTERS}
I FOR A WEAK STOMACH. f
Persons who suffer from a weak stomach must be very #
careful what they eat* Their food is selected with the greats •?*¦
•% est care, for fear it will upset the stomach. As a result, the *
patient becomes pale arid thin, the nerves are weakened and
* the blood becomes impure. Nature --intended-the stomach to *
-B be strong, but if it has become weak the Bitters will
* strengthen it and. restore it to its proper condition. It has, |.
'* been doing this very thing for over fifty years, and .will cer- '¦-"*
<% tainly not fail you now. ; Take a dose before meals and then
eat what you please. It will aid the stomach in its work of
* digestion and assimilation, and prevent INDIGESTION, *•
I DYSPEPSIA, CONSTIPATION and BILIOUSNESS. |
I Try it and see'for yourself. f
••........•.....»» ......... ........ ...»«. ............ ....... ... <.«...
» I! Schulenburg, Tex. ; ; Elmingtori, Va. ;;
¦^ J Dear Sirs — I had stomach trouble ; ; N Dear Sirs — I regard your Bitters ; *&
. J; and nothing gave me relief until I ' ; as the finest medicine in the world*"
"^ ; tried your Bitters. I cheerfully recom- <¦¦ ; for indigestion, -biliousness r»nd rheu- ; *&
; mend it to allsufTerers. ' ' matism. I am 76, years old. ' v *3*
I F..KUBISTEK. .-] J { • ' JOHN E. POWELL; j 4
¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦«¦¦¦¦¦;¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ......
T THE GENUINE HAS OUR PRIVATE STAMP OVER THE NECK OF THE BOTTLE. *-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ : ADVEBTISEMENT3. • ,'V -
Send Name and Address To-Day--- You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
' L. VT. ¦ KNAPP, M. D. !• ".¦;".¦'^ .'¦;''¦%*'.
:; How" any. man may quickly cure himself after been 'extraordinary. It has completely braced
- years f of : suffering from : sexual •. weakness, 1 ; loot me up.; '. I , am ' Just as .vigorous , as when I a boy
; night; losses,* varicoeele, ? etc.', - and' en- > an ., ri you /i : . anl 19 t : realize .. how happy. I ? am." .
; large small, .weak organs to full size and .vigor. R.^tlvm^tw*^ 7°***?
pimply. send-'your]We:and addre 8 s;to;i>r,.i:; S^^oSSU^K
~ a na PP- i 373 Hull bulldlngrA Detroit,^ Mich.', largement Ua v entirely satisf actor^ 1 '
j?, 11 !! il e !V i\ n K^dly send Uhe. free receipt s wlth Sir— Yours was received 'and-iVhad -no
Wm»M^h M TO l ™ W. man; may. easily, euro trouble In making use of the receipt as dlrwted
himself at home. ;-, Xhls Is certainly a most gen- and t. can l truthfully; say it ia:a boon to wnk
f ?om* h°u e rin ifv d « t n e " ' olto ? rtn «' t extracts • taken m«^ I am greatly improved I in sUe, > strength
rrom his daily mail show what men -think of &ndlvlgor.'^H9mhjBMs«|gMUB
hls^gencrloslty: / . j; : . , , • . ; .'All* correspondence <fs strictly .confidential ¦
V ' JLT SIr ~ PI ease accept '- my . sincere £ thanks mailed j In ) plain. ' sealed envelope. * The receint
ror. yotors- of recent date. -,.-: I haver given i your, "s; free: for the asking and ha wants every man
. treatment a ; thorough test and the. beneflt'lias to have It. - - -
I Spring:. Arrivals. I
II : The vanguards of spring are here — Friday they arrived H
A at our Market-street Store— an elegant line of the most |
B exquisite fabrics for summer waists and costumes ever shown |]
I in San Francisco. The fashion world is talking waistings |
i and fancy waists, particularly, in tucked effects, are to be §j
I .worn very extensively. These goods come already tucked H
1 with silk cord, silk stripe and fancy Persian stripe effects and I
B require no trimming. Will mention only a few of the many |
I styles - -J l I
B Fancy Crcpo Waistings— ' «
M 72 tucks and 6 silk stripes across width — all wool, in extremely U
F3 stylish shadings, for street and evening wear, such as turquoise, *|
m gobelin, cherry red, mignon, salmon, rose pink, Russian blue, cream Kg
If and also black. • At the same price we are showing some new rope cord N
y tucked waistings in all wool aeolians, with black and white stripe f !
H effects, in the same colors as the, fancy crepe waistings— vour choice fl
|1 ......:......:... •-• 91.OO Yard 9
¦ New -Tucked Batlsts Waistings— |f
P Some remarkably beautiful novelties in the same colorings as the fancy H
B tucked waistings. rich, silk Persian stripe effects, corded and tucked 4
u afl over; shown for the first time in San Francisco to-morrow— oo H
M .tucks and 14 silk stripes across the width $1.25 Yard H
B Striped Albatross Waistings— • a
S We have just received 1 case containing about So pieces in 10 differ- U
ffl ent styles of striped albatross waistings, in all the spring colorings, M
|| such as apple, lotus, strawberry red, turquoise, old rose," garnet, ox- M
II blood, new blue and also black—a very pretty mercerized silk stripe 3
ra effect^n same width as the dollar waistings — introductory sale price B
I ......;..........; 23c , Yard |
M On our exhibition tables we are showing a full line of voiles. 9
B crepolines, v/ool. crashes, etamines, chalk line ajnd m«ltonette suitings, ji
H etc. Do not miss seeing them— you may find just what you are'look- d
H ing for among the lot. u
9 Mepcerlzed- Zephyr — . ?|
[I Over 75 different styles to select from— in plain and fancy stripes and a
M dots-^we received these goods direct from the mills for our^ spring y
p opening — a fine material, silk finish, for waists and suits.... 25c Yard |3
g Linon Batiste— " g
H This is going to' be one of the most popular materials for spring and a
Bf summer wear — comes in natural color linen with fancy lace stripes and §
H open work, embroidered dots and plain colors — if you want to be , in f|
H style how is your chance to buy these gcods — 50 different patterns to ft
fl /select from .V. 2Oc Yard a
H Scotch Madras— .- .;^v'h^ f\
H We just received- a new lot of Madras, which is one of the II
H .prettiest materials^ for shirt waists we know of — 27 inches wide — in col- fl
H ors of pink, old rose and blue— -a. new -weave in fancy raised corded ef- M
g fects— :-in stripes, fancy checks and plaids— your choice from I2t dif- L|
Iferent styles.. . .' ..... . ... ....... . . . . . i lS^c " Yard H
The above goods for sale at the Blarket-street store only. Fj
ADVERTISEMENTS.William Wolf to Ellas Wolf, lot on SW cor
ner of Sagamore and Marengo streets. S
89:10^. SW 180. N 149:3, E 175. lot 7. block
B, Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
George M. and Lilian A. Rolph to Nellie Sul
livan (single), lot on W line of Twenty-second
avenue. 175 N of N street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
1 Same to Nellie McM. Donovan." lot ¦ qn W
line of Twenty-second avenue, 150 N of ¦" N
street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
. F. F. and Matie N. Freeman to "Investor"
(corporation), lot on SE corner of Francisco
and Jones streets, E 58:4, 3 52:6, W 10:2. S
'JO, W 39:2. N 112:6; $10.
¦Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to N. C.
Shelley, lot on E line of Fifth . avenue. 275 S
of Lake street, S 25 by K 120; resolution calls
for lot on W ¦ line of Fri.rth avenue. 200 S of
Lake street, S 50 by \' 120; $10.
Hibernla , Savings and Loan Society to Wil
liam F. Gardlser. lot on W line of Eighteenth
avenue; 175 N of D street. N 50 by W 120; $750.
• Otto and Emma K. Falch to Carl and, Ellse
Walter. -lot on E line of Dolores street, 76:6
8 of Twenty-ninth, S 25 by E 75; $10.
Helen C. i Dixon (single) - to Delia E. Keeks
(widow), lot on E line of- Church street, 27 S
of ' Twenty-second. ' S 25 by E 75; $10.
Alva B. and Gertrude Clute to Union Invest
ment Company (corporation), lot on W line of
Fair Oaks street. 60 S of Twenty-fifth. S 50
by W 100; $10. : .
Leroy . C. Smith ¦ to Annie M. Smith, lot on
N line of -Liberty, street. 384 E of Castro. E
25 by-N 1U; gift.
Michael and Catherine" Moran to Daisy Kear
ney (single), lot on W lino of Capp street,
102:6 S of Twenty-fourth, S 32:6- by W 115;
* 10 - •_..., - .
Twenty-first. ~S 26 by E 125; $10.
"A. D. and Jennie C. Walsh to Edward F.
Fitzpatrlck,' lot on N line of Nineteenth street,
85 W of Church. W 25 by N 10d; $5.
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
(owners) with George > Goodman (contractor),
architect Albert Piasis— Concrete work for banlc
building on -lot on N line of California street.
65:3 W of Leidesdorff, -W 50 by N 114:3%;
' Morris Slmlnoff "(owner) with Richard Rice
(contractor), architect Newton Tharp — Sewer
ing, . rough and finished plumbing, gasfitting.
hot -and cold water piping for a three-story
frame building with ¦ basement .(six flats) on.
lot on NW corner of Haight and Brodericjt
streets, W 55 by N 110.- W A 523; $3700.
Mutual Savings Bank of San' Francisco
(owners) with California Electrical Works
(contractors), architect William Curlett — Wir
ing for a ten-story fireproof building on lot
on S line of Geary street, 30:6 W of Kearny,
¦W 73UO94. S SS:2%. SE 53:9%. NE 53:0%.
N 50:0%; $9330 40.
Michael O'Donnell (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), .architects Martens & Coffey— All
work except mantels, shades and gas fixtures
for a two-story frame butldlny on lot on N
line of Silver street. 300 W of Second, W 21 :«
by.N 70; $2987.
M. T. Morton (owner) with A. C. «SouI« (con
tractor), architect A. W. Morton— All work
for a three-story frame building (fiats) on W
line of Cole street, 125 S of Eeulah. S 25 by
W 137:6; $2055. ¦¦-
Charles W. Brown (owner) with C. A. Holm
{contractor), architect Oliver Everett — All work
for a. one-story and basement frame building
on lot on E line of Dolores street. 26:6 N c£
Thirtieth. N 25 -by E 100: $1950.-
Builders' Contracts.
John J. and Alice McDade and Dennis F.
and Mary E. Ragan to Emma Chzistoffer (wife
of C. M.), lot on K line of Stanyan street, 112:9
S of Page. S 23 by E 100; $10.
The Baird Estate (a. corporation) and Vtr
onica C. Balrd to William B. Pringle, lot on
W line. of .Ashbury street, S2:6 N of Halght,
N 50 by W 100; $10.
William K. Vnn Alen to Emma V. Ralsch.
lot on W line . of Lyon street, 35 N of Clay.
N 100:4%. -W 137:6. S £5:4%. E 27:6, S bo.
E 110; $10.
Patrick Ryan to Charles Goldstein, lot on
N line of Gaary street, 137:0 E of Lyon, E
27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
S of Clay street and 110 W of Devisadero, 3
25:9 by \V &2:6; $10.
Hcnora A. 'and Elizabeth A. Buckley to
Clark J. Burnham, lot on W line of Devisadero
street. 77 N of Turk. N 70:5. W 125. S 9.U.
W 12:6. S «0:6. E 137:6; 510.
SYNDICATE PURGH ASES TWELVE BLOCKS OF SUTRO ESTATE
.The lot 1 and improvements on th« southwest
s'.de of Marlposa ttrrace, northwest of Harri
son street,' -. 60x50, for $1600; lot : on the east
side of ; Texas street, | north of | Twenty-third,'
30x100, -¦ for *400; lot. on the northwest corner
of D street and j Thirty-seventh avenue, 132 :6x
200; Hot on .the northwest -corner, of r> street
and '.Thirty-third avenue, 32:6x100; lot onHhe
north 4 Bide of B street.; east of. Thirty-fourth
avenue/ 25x100; lot on the east side of Folsom
street,-- south of.. Thirteenth, 26x99. *; for $2000;
.lot on the south side of Twenty-fourth, street,,
east Of Douglass. ' 67 :8xll4. for. $1400; lot on
the ' northwest ' side ' of m .Tehama street, - near
Third. 20x80/ for $2000; -lot; on the north side
of Elizabeth etreet, j we«t of \ Diamond. , 129 :2x
114 for $2250; lot on the east side of Van Ness
avenue,, south of Francisco , street, 25x98. -for
Jl 850; lot on the weet;slde of Laguna street,
south of Page. 25x100. for $3000: bulldinr I of
three flats on the east side of Baker street.*
south of California. 25x82:6,; for $4500;, lot on
the south side of. Day street, west of, Panches. 1
°5xll4 forf$1600: lot and improvements i on
the wMt side of Florence street. , south of Val
leJo- 22:11x58:9, ,. for $1125; . lot, on , the . west
side' of Stanyan ¦-¦ street, ; north : of , ' Belgrave,
46:1x124:9.' for. $1500.: ¦; ;.;:-: ,•-»..* ;
- The same firm v also reports the ; follow-,
ingis^les^in the Sunset district: . ;
Lot on 'the i east il«e of. Eighteenth , avenue,*
south of ' H i etreet, .75x120, ' $2600; ¦* lot >, on , the
eaBt, side of ! Tenth . avenue, north or • K - *^et,
100x120 $3000 ; . lot • on the east side of ,Nln th
avenue V north ' of . .O - street. 1 37 :6xl20, ; $725: ' lot
on I the i east r aide of Eleventh avenue, south of
Additional sales by' Baldwin 1 &• Howell
are as follows:
Additional . Sales.
All Sections Represented.
Davidson & Leigh have sold the follow
ing properties:-
Lot 22:6x137:6. on south side of Turk street, i
137:6 feet west from Jones, with 3 flats, from
F. U Prltchard to Mary 8. Bperry for $15,000;
lot 28:4x112:6, on north side of Turk street,
84 feet west of Taylor, I with 3-story frame
building. and rear tenements, from Amelia E.
Sherman to J. G. Deming for $35,000; lot 82:8
xl37:6. on northwest corner of Kannome and
Filbert streets, vacant, from J. A. Mclnnis to
American Bank and Trust Co. for $9000: lot
25x112:6, on east side of Baker street, 108 feet
north from Washington, with two .flats, from
Fannie L. Weldon to George Gamper for $0500;
lot 27:6x112, on east side cf Eighth street,
137:6 feet south from Howard, with old build
ings, from J. Feitelberg to Frank Murphy for
$55O0; lot 37x125. on west side of . Eureka
etreet. 75. feet eouth of Nineteenth, 'vacant,
from W. A. Bunker to G. Bergstrom for $800;
lot 27x115, on south side of Erie . street, 227
feet east from Mission, vacant, from Mrs. I*
T. Corning to G. H. Thornton for $1200;- lot
75x137:6, on north side of Poet street, east
of Baker, with house of 12 rooms, from James
McNub to George E>. -Grayblll for $10,00"; lot
67x80, on Harper street,- near Falrvlew street,
Berkeley, to tlw Renters' Co-operative Invest'
ment Company for $1908; lot 4. block 10. town
of Richmond, to George H. Murdoch for $635;
also for Mrs. Jane I* Stanford, 34-acre ranch
near Martinez. to the Cunningham estate.', and
two ranches of 480 acres, near Livermore, for
about ?6000. ¦ -• . : • . .... ¦ . ,. ... j
Madison & Burke rerjort. the following
sales:
Lot 34:4^x127 :8U; with old building, on the
north side of Pacfflc avenue, between Polk and
Larkin streets, for $4900; lot 25x125 on the west
line of Noe street, between Seventeenth ; and
Eighteenth, $1000; lot 25x125 on the west line
of Landers ¦ street, between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth, for $1300; lot 100x100 on the north
west corner of Seventeenth and Vermont streets
for $4000; lot 23x60, with two flats, on the
south ' line of Broadway, between : Jones and
Leaven worth streets, for- $1600; lot 25x85 , and
flats on the north side of McAllister street,.be
tween Webster and , Fillmore, for $11,000; lot
22:6x75. with Improvements; on . the southeast
line of . Clementina street. * between First , and
Second, for $2200; ¦ southwest corner of Seven
teenth and Hartford streets for $2750.
of Eighteenth avenue. ' 300 feet south of I*
street, for $900; 25x120. west line of Eleventh
avenue. 250 feet north of Point Lobos avenue,
for $800: 55x100, northeast corner of K street
and Thirty-seventh avenue, for $250; 75x120,
west line of " Forty-second avenue, , 100 feet
north of U street, for $300; 75x100, west line
of Orizaba avenue, near Sargent street, for
$200; 25x137:6, south line of Eddy street. 200
feet west of Laguna, with three-story flats, for
?7350; 25x120. west line of Tenth avenue. 125
feet south of - L. street, for $G0O; 240x219:8.
south line of O' street, from Eighteenth ¦ to
Nineteenth avenue, in block 903, for $1150, 25
x70, east llne of Prospect avenue, near Vir
ginia avenue, with four-room cottage, for $175U.
Alice Offenbach has sold to Daniel Rear
don 20 by 60 feet, with three-story build
ing, on the. north line of Geary street,
57:6 feet- east from - Taylor street," for $18,
000. The brokers were Bovee, Toy & Sonn^
tag. •- - ¦ ¦¦ . ' ; ¦ • :.' . ¦ ;
Many Transactions. .
Sales are reported by Lyo'n & Hoag as
follows:
Southeast corner, of Page street and Masonic
avenue, 25x93:6 feet,, to John J. Sweeney, for
$3750; key lot, 25x137:6 feet, on the south line
of Page street. 93:9 feet east ¦ from ; Masonic
avenue, for J2700; lot 25x93:9, on the west line
of Central avenue. 100 feet south' from Page
"treet. for (2750; key lot. 25x100 feet, on the
north line of Halght street, 93:9 feet west from
Centra! avenue, for $2750; lot, 25x90 feet, on
the north line of O'Farrell street, 25 feet east
frcHn Hyde street, with old improvements," to
Mrs. E. J. Pringle for S11.500; southwest cor
ner of Castro and Twenty-fourth streets, 60x80
ieet, with Improvements, for 3. -B. Mahony to
A-' yZ- Po *tel for $»500;new cottage, with lot
•¦£ *J° feet> on th « w cst line of Missouri street,
•nj** ect south from eighteenth street, for
»¦"«). for the Real Estate and' Development
«^E any to M * rv I- Driscoll; lot; 25x100 feet,
t~ bf L?** t llne of Texas street, 60 feet south
*i?S> ra * hteenth «treet. to Anna Greenlaw for
i/i-2- : nor thwegt corner of Twenty- fourth t and i
v ermont streets, for (3. B. Oilman to < John
rmiiV™ t0T * 150 °: Jot, 25x100 feet.; on the
HonT« ii cornfer of Twenty-sixth street and
25xu£ f*H ey *° U Kaufmann for $1350; lot,
» feet it«V , on th * north llne of Page street,
*« leet east from Lyon etreet for $2000.
edh^Vn^S during: the week are report
ed by F. B. Surrhyne as follows: .
feef VeV^rnm"^, 1 "* of VaI1^° street,. 15T:6
feet $5150. i? m F^more *treet, 34:4%xl87:6
avenue ft £? u , 8e , at)(1 'ot at 727 Golden Gate
lot 625 AihH? xm:tt feet - $10,000; • house and
ra ° corner^rfM&F*'' ?9000: lot on the north 
15Oxl<wTert.°$lfiJ^ enth Md "*??*'
Br^^s^ouo^s^^^^S^l^fe*
wetfcSr 3 of lt Twe T nVv 8t fl f rH hOU8 , e S-" t he no - h "
from George Buck ?« » fl "5 a "<* York . streets,
25x120, eaSt-.fiSe.of & for $4300;
south of J street for tS^ 1 f venue > ¦ 275 f ««t
et> for *8M>; 60x120, west line
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold a
large piece of land on the .. south line of
Brannan street, 137:6 feet northeast from
Sixth, the dimensions of which are 137:6x
250 feet- The property runs through to
Bluxome street, with . a frontage of 137:6
feet on the last named street. The price
was $33,800. There are no improvements
on the lot. The purchase was for an in
vestment. . The intentions of the pur
chaser are unknown.
Sutter street property east of Mason
has been sold at the rate of nearly $1000
per front foot. Bovee, Toy & Sonntag
are the brokers who carried through two
deals at that point. Mrs. Devine sold
50x137:6 Xeet on the north line of Sutter
for $50,000. Henry J. Aden of Vallejo sold
68:9 feet adjoining the Devine property.
The sum Involved In the fwo purchases
amounts to close to $120,000, . which makes
the rate $1000 per foot. . There are houses
on the lots, but these are to be pulled
down. The name of the purchaser is kept
secret by the brokers.
Charles S. Laumeister has bought from
the Sage estate the southeast' corner of
Union and Battery streets, upon which
there Is an \ old warehouse, for $22,000,
through the agency of Guy T. Vayman.:
Mr. . Laumelster will put a large ware
house on the site.
Guy T. Wayman has sold for Mrs.
Fauli 22x82:6 feet on the east . line of
Jones . street, 82:6 feet south from Turk,
for $13,500. The property Is Improved.
Baldwin & Howell have sold the north
east corner of O'Farrell street and Bag
ley place, 39;ll?4x77:6 feet, with improve
ments consisting of a three-story, frame
building, to the Mercantile Trust Com
pany for the heirs of Catherine Fahey for
$120,000.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold a Pre
sidio Heights lot /for $4000.
Important Properties Sell.
continuously on the market, the purpose
of the estate being to get ready money
with which to pay debts outstanding:.
Mrs. Dr. Merrltt, when asked at the of
fices of the Sutro estate yesterday after
noon concerning the identity of the per
sons who have made the offer of $300,000,
declined to be interviewed. The under
standing is that the parties compose , a
syndicate who have ample money with
which to Improve the blocks, which re
quire a great deal of grading to nt them
for building purposes. The offer has to
be approved by the court before the
transaction can be closed. - This is taken
as another indication of the growing In
terest in outside lands, to which refer
ence-has previously been made.
'¦:; Delia » S. Myrick . : (Cornwell) .' , to * Edward
O'DajV lot ' on ; E • line ; of , Church ; street, i.78 : S • of
;- ' ; Estate of i Ellen s Griffin '. (by Kate I L; O' Con
nor," executrix) ¦, to John ¦ S. ¦; Phillips. ¦ all Inter-'
eet inlot on'N line of Hill street, -123:4 ,W r of
Valencia, W 16:8 by, N' 114;. $H00;? ' ( ", ¦'
.: Herman V A. < Druhe. to same." lot on -W line of
Clayton i street, 'i 69N: of ; Frederick,' N 25:6 ,by
,W 06:10%; cltt/; . ':'•¦. ; .;-;.;¦.-:; v
. Same to i Delia E. Keeks, - lot on W" line ; of
Tremont ¦] avenue, - 810 ' S : of < Frederick ' street, S
25 by W 80; $10. " -
; Coop • and i James >W., Smith to Pauline
Druhe, 'lot 'on' W = line ¦¦ of Clayton, street, ¦* 50 .N
of Frederick. = N 25 by ,W. 06:10%; $10.' :
vfi James H. ¦, and Laura V.- Davis , to Annie • M.
CoEtello A (widow), .* lot ? on - ? W.-: line ; of 'Ashbury
street, 110 S of Page, S 27:6. by/W- 137:6; $10. >
• Annie^M.Costello (widow)" to Margaretta H.
Costello,*' same; ieift.^;. \V ;>;;¦..:: ' .
*-; Patrick and 'Mamie Sheedy,. to Mary.Fogarty.
lot -on >-W, -line: of iTremont. avenue, 835 S of
Frederick ] street, . S 25 b*% W r 80 ; ' $10." '
/J. S. or Jacob S.- and Rose Oppenhelm to Wil
liam P.' Dougherty, lot on N line of McAllister
street.* 228 :G W of Stelner, Ww 54 by - N 137 :6;
$10. ¦'¦-. '-¦.:¦--", :¦:.(¦¦'-¦ ¦ .. ": :.'.•;;•'• --. - / •-:¦;
• • 'Kate Roach • to . Meyer • and Lillie E. Abra
harns.ilot on S line of Clay street, 100:3 W of
ScotV.W 25 by.S 127:8%; $10. * : :,'V; , " %
: •'- The '. Balrd Estate (corporation) and Veronica
C.~. Baird ) to | Henry I Cv Black,' lot ' on ' N : line • of
Haight street,' 87:0'.Wof •Ashbury,*:N,137:6 by
Wsl2:6;: also lot onW line- of Ashbury. street,
82:6. N ; of Haight.i N,25 by W 100;. $1O. . v
Pbilibert or Philip I Plqhon' to Frank Pichon.
lot on ;NW- line ¦:¦ ot; McAllister and Webster
streets.W 37:6 by;N85; $10. • .
- ' Mary . Bowen : ( single) to Andrew Hunker, lot
on SE corner of California and Franklin streets,
E 00:6 by S 137 :61 $10. ,!-¦'•
:¦'. George and' Kate, Ryan 1 to George and Eliese
Shafer,:lot,on S-llne of.Stoneman street,;."O -E
of Shotwell (California avenue), El 25 by 8 75,
lots 51, ¦ 54 ; and ; 55, - Cheeseman s ' Map -I,'; P. ,.V.
lands;. $10/^. :/r: . ' .. -. ¦ . ' ' ; --
,'. Same to same, ¦ lot '• on ¦ E line of Forty-fourth
avenue, 175 S of W street, S 43:10, E 120:2%,
N 50:7, W; 120; $10. ; r ., •.
C ' Emanuel ¦ Lewis Investment ! Company.' to Ida
M. Cambridge (wife of .Archibald), lot on W line
of Forty-third avenuei 120 B of West street,' S
107;4,.W 120:2%, N. 100:7, E 120: $10. '. .. '
¦ ";..' Joseph J A? Fagothey to 'Frank lot
on E line Eleventh | avenue, . 200 N ' of L' street,
N S 25 by E 120: also .'lot on E line Thirteenth
avenue, : 200 N. of J street. N .25 by , E 120; 510.
•'Elijah Rodgers vs. l George Dlggdon ct al. (by
John' A. -i . Weston," referee) « to L Ermlna A. '• Cox,
lot on W line Twelfth avenue, 40 N of K street,
N 102:5, W 98. SE76, SW30, S 24. E 120; $775.
Peter iJ.' Joyce, to "Isidore!" and % "Arthur ' C.
Franklin, lot on E line San Bruno avenue (Ne
braska). 33 N of Humboldt street, N 33:4 by
E i 100; *¦$$.; :•;*.. "¦ ; :, .v :.-.-. ..;-:..--;-¦
• Johanna or ' Johanne and Bernard Joseph to
Cornelia- J.Pringle <wldow).- lot on N line of
O'Farrell street, 25 E . of Hyde, , E 25 by N
00; $10. • ; '. ' . ¦,.- .';
• Joseph M. and Eugenia ,J. ¦ Mas ten to Geor
glana M. Perkins .(wife of W. F. - Perkins),'
undivided: % of lot on NWline Mission street,
275 NE of Fourth, NE 30 by.NW 160; — .".
Delia' McDevitt . (single) -, to Ellen ¦ Barry
(widow), lot on SW, line Morris avenue. (Park
avenue), 200 , SE of Bryant • street, ¦ SE " 25 by
SW/ 75; also lot on SE line Cuvler street. 325
NE of Boaworth, NE 25,- SE 60, 8 25, W. 14:6,
NE 69:10. lot 35, block 2. De Boom.Tract; grit.
Theresa M. Maloney (Traver-Fahey) (wife of
Joseph F.), Thomas' J., John F.; Lena G. and
Robert E. ' Fahey » and Florence ¦ Fahey Mercer
(wife of D. ':J.)to Mercantile " Trust Company
of (San. Francisco,- undivided 6-7 of lot- on- N
line of O'Farrell street, 51:1 W of Grant ave
nue, W 39:11% by N, 77:6; $10. '¦¦-. .
¦ Nellie Hurley (single) to Henri • Hughes, lot
on 1 E, line of .Taylor street, 11:6 S of Geary,
S-25 by E 87:6;,$10. . • . ¦ ;'."¦>¦ '
¦ .Thalia Treadwell to -Grace' D. Clark,. lot on
Wjllne of Noe street, v 270 S of Seventeenth, 3
25 by W 125; {16C0.; ' • '
RimL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The forty-room 'hotel' to be erected by
J. : Newman on: the south line of Bush
street, near. Franklin, will cost $25,000. . -
Seventh avenue, between J and K streets.
Plans are in preparation for the building
of several rejidences for renting purposes
on a block of land between • Seventh and
Ninth avenues. The Sunset Library Asso
ciation will/ enlarge its hall af; I Street,
near . Eleventh I avenue. The new Cooper
Congregational Church on Ninth avenue,
near.K street, was dedicated recently. A
new sewer is being constructed on Tenth
avenue, between J and L streets. A main
brick sewer ¦ will soon be placed In' H
street/between Sixth and Tenth avenues,
to connect; with the outlet .sewer, for
which the city government is now arrang
ing. •¦' ¦' ¦ - i- ". ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ • ¦•>.'.- " ¦'¦ ' '; '
The estate of Elizabeth Floyd has sold
to Christian PYoelich 25x85 feet on ( the
southeast line of Howard street, 355 feet
southwest from First street,- for $8000.
Improvements are the order*of the day
in - 1 he -' Sunset " District. ¦: R.V M.- Webb | is
about ; to s erect .; a -. two-story, residence > on
Ninth ; avenue, . near c J street;', J.'vBurk
hardt is building a two-story house on
Sunset*: District.
... two', residences and two \ lots, each 30x107 :6.
onthe;east;slde, •ot Spruce street, fl7:8 Vi nf>rth
of ' Clay fctreet; two flats : at '409 and' 409^ Oak
street, i south - side, %' 60 .;; feet ; west; of s Laguna;
tw 3 '¦¦ flats I on > the I north' slde~ of Poet street, : l»7!i
feet^v/est;of;Baker:Uot\34.4V6xl27:8i4,;'and a
two-storyj dwelling, ; on the south line of Wash
ington , street," 4 6S :0 east | of .Walnut; • the'south
west r corner t of ? Second •; street \ and • Park ; Lana
north, between Bryant and Brannan streets anct
near ¦ the - depot '-' of r the ." Southern -I Paclflc * and
the terminus of the -Santa: Fe< railroad; lot 25x
100 ' feet,"] with .' three-story :i building ' of • seven
teen', rooms," on : the east ; line . of - Second : street,
65 feet north * of De Boom ; | flats and lot, • ~'5xS5
f eet.'i at ; 124 ' and • 126 Juniper; street; • southeast
corner < of .Twenty-eighth - and f Church I streets ;
lot onithe east-sldeiof, Fillmore istreet.i 24 feet
south I of i Waller; 5 lot! on ; the ¦ east- line •¦ of. How
ard; streets 215 feef north: of Twenty-flrsr. and
tour lots on -Vancouver; and Guadalupe streets,
160 feet north of Santee:street.--
. Eastoni ; • Eldridge &" Co. . will offer the
following at . auction at : 638 Market^ streat
on the, 25th inst: •;.: - _ : \ ••.:.",¦¦ ,-; x - ( \ . ,
:Thei:former home of J.: C. • Stubbs, ' at ! 2519
Pacific avenue," consisting of lot. 47: 6x127: 8 feet
and elegant residence of sixteen i ooms, exclu
sive' of r billiard-room 'and '.four smaller : rooms
in the basement: the 60- vara lot on the south
west corner of O'Farrell and .Franklin streets;
four, flats and lot 60x95 feet j on the west ¦ line
of Noe street, with -L.' of five feet, fronting. on
Seventeenth street; ;' southwest corner' of ; Web
ster . and Wildey- streets, > north r, from Bush,
27 :6x81 :3 feet; northwest corner, of Pine and
Buchanan streets, 52x81 :3 feet; 429 Stevenson
street, .between Fifth and " Sixth, : 22 :6x75 feet,
with improvements. ;, v - .¦ ¦ . ¦ . '-. .-•;.
• 238* Sixth street.- and , 60, 71 ; and 73 1 Harriet ;
1068 and 1070 Howard street and 577 and 679
Natoma • street, -• between • Sixth and Seventh ;
1649, 1651' and >1653; Post street, between-La
guna and Buchanan; 611 ¦ and 013 .- Octavia
street and 511 Ivy avenue, between Hayes and
Grove streets; ' 2224 Howard street, between
Eighteenth ; and: Nineteenth; 21 Baker street;
two ? building lota at the ' Junction of Market
and Fifteenth street: • 0 /Pearl : street, between
Market - and ¦ Thirteenth, < Valencia and; Guer
rere; -842 Capp street : 3800 - Seventeenth street ;
2763 Octavia etreet, . between Green and Union;
two ' building lots on . the •; south line of Thir
teenth street, between Guerrero and Dolores. -^
% On ¦ Thursday - ne"xt ' the Von Rheln Real
Estate Company -will auction | the follow
ing properties at 513 California street:,;;- -,-
Southeast corner of .Third ' and | Harrison
streets, 20xB7:6 feet, with store and' flat of
six rooms. $9000;' 25x75 feet on the north line
of Bush street, 50 feet-west from Lyon street,
with residence. $3250; 926 Oak street. ¦ north
line, 90 feet west from Pierce street. Iot26x
140 with residence of ten rooms, $4450; 44x
127:8V4 feet on the north line of -Washington
street, 47 feet eaet from Stelner. with nine
room residence,. $9000; southwest corner o*
De Montfort avenue and Jules avenue, 112 :«
xlCO feet, with cottage, $2250; six Hats on
northeast line of Harriet street. 225 feet south
west, from Harrison, lot 50x75 feet, for $5000;
northeast corner, of Fulton 6treet and Parker
avenue, lot 109:8x128:10%., $4950; lot 25x120
feet on the west line of Cook street, 300 feet
north from; FoJnt Lobos avenue, $600. ;•.'.-..,-. . .
At - noon 1 to-morrow G. H. Umbsen &
Co. -will 'auction. realty at 14 Montgomery
street at referees', -administrators'. ¦ and
miscellaneous • sale, ¦ and will offer proper
ties in the following localities: •
The Auction Market.
The following ; eales :were made during
the week by Easton, Eldridge & Co. at
auction:. . •-
O street, 25x120, $300; lot on the west side of
Eighteenth avenue, north of K street, 50x120,
$750; lot on the east side of Twentieth avenue,'
north of I street. 25x120, $750; lot on the west
side of Ninth avenue.i north of Q street, 25x
120, $500; lot on the- north side of K street,
west of Ninth avenue, 25x100, 1000; lot on the
east side of Eighteenth avenue, north of ¦ I
street. 25x120, with new residence, $3500. |
i A. E. Buckingham has sold four lots in
trie block bounded by! H- and I streets and
Tenth and Eleventh avenues during the
week to a contractor-, who will build upon
them. . ' . ri^
Toy & Sonntag have sold 160
acres of land between l Lodi and Acampo
to D. W. Littleton for.J.W. Founders for
$25,000; also 160 acres southeast from
Mountain' View to G. Stagl. for James
Spelr- for $8750.. . *:" '•> ¦
.:The sale of the northwest- corner -of
Geary and Polk streets by the estate of
Elizabeth Waters to Thomas Q. Crothers
for J49.O0O has been confirmed.
THE SAN FRAasrciSCO OALU SUNDAY, FEBRUARY^ 6^1902.
defined to be between First and
Seventh avenues and HandJ streets, being
a. portion of what is known as the By
fleld tract, lying between the Affiliated
Colleres and Golden Gate Park and Stan
y«n street and Seventh avenue. An order
from the court for the sale was made
some months ago. and the land has been
ASTKPICATB has bought twelve
blocks of the Sutro estate for
$300,000. This was reported yester
day, and the property sold -was
Harriet E. : . Turnbull (single) to F. E. and
Hermine Relnke, lot on W line of Buena Vista.
street," 73 N. of . Eugenia avenue, N 25 by W
70, lot 653, gift map 3: $10.
"William and C. T.' Nicol to J. J. Dowling.
lot S04, gift map 2: $10. ¦ ¦
Alice B. Roberts (widow) to Robert McEIroy,
lot on N\V corner of Pine and Fillmore streets
N 37:8 by \V 87:6; 7 $10. . t ,
Mary E. 'Williams and Sarah J. Parquer to
Mary C. Fottrell (wife of M. J.). lot on N
line of Sacramento street,' 110 W of Devisadero.'
"W 27:6 by N 127:8 V4: also commencing: 102:2»4
Napoleon, Augustus and Adella Petltplerre
to Matthew Tyler, lot 9. block 422. South San
Francisco '. Homestead t and . Railroad Associa
tion; grant. *
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Qhly Safe Medicine for Babies
V^r^SSf^S^ * ' -The insides of * babes-in-arms and little chil-
' /v\} fc^Ja^bi dren are ver^ del . icate and tender. Mothers must
fCX^$mzi$M3&^ not be reckless in the use of physics. There is
V^§|iraS^K||S . only one gentle, perfect, safe medicine for babies:
fw_»jrv- -¦ iW^W : ¦ "C»»c*r«t« »r» fln« for ladles with Infanta, as they keep both
1l^?*?! -fifef^Sn mother and child from becomins bilion .. f use them dally la
V^gl >*& k^K^fl^© my Practice."— Dr. A. E. Griffln. Stubblaileld, Tex.
Vm\^a *2W t," 1 have v b«com« a firm believe- ]n the efficacy of Cascarets.
tSafck"^+'3y 1^5** E7enmybabyboyUiMthem -"- iIr:! - Lid »Cerma*, Jersey City.
«,"£ BfiH- /^ ¦ "^ ' onn< l Cascsretj. In the, case of
"^*^»2w ' _ *caaj«. j_ f i^i ray baby who is not very strong. th»
<<^ ~--^iMKg» t *«*<tf*\> ag*<»fc. very best medicine I ev<ir used. They
¦" ¦;. - . . "\ ¦=¦ » w ¦ ¦ I*" » do fnst what you recommend." — Din.
• : -j/g<. "¦'--. ¦ •l'^i' ¦ ' ' -' S ' Ch»pmau..Stepiena illlla. N..Y.
~ "> j^>^ 1^^i.".-.r, T , I /?¦¦ *^Sk -• '**' thlni Cascarots iplenditl. Th«T
Zr^l ¦ Ik S.ilTV^.'Viil© ' hmve benefited mo greatly. My baby
J\C, /X y. Vpy gj. '^A^Jtff * was afflicted with cronp.aadCaacarew
¦ /S^/ y^jT^^j 'mA ' - M "- KUa^iegler, Delta. Ohla.
/* »-.'?! _^~ "'Tr 1^*5 i> A^W?l ~KlL. 'Maam» has uted Cascaret3 and t»>-
-'¦ - C^'y<^'tiy mm " ' "-^w^'it / Ji«ffl»x vSiL eelved gTeat beneflt. Sh« thinks they
' Xl LlO"^. ." Jrafii.ijiMMMMr t-'i < *»Mai|. Br « ¦wonderful, and eavo them to out
"l^/J^X ! baby before he was three years old. M —
I jr\f * **'flllWir Alice Sewell, 631 Eishth St., S. Boston.
J'Y/'SX I T.\flf "Our baby was tick »ndwa ware ad-
I s/r SI J **>.'¦" |Mj^»'jgWBL " tlrely cared. Vfe cannot say too mncb>
/ / bf 1/ /Aiu?*»e»*-i^ «d^!r ~ ifrs 6 .i£ C o?lielowm 9 aai Metropolis. 111.
V7 ** *^m^f t JBS>W^aw "^S^—^*^j3*'^ "Cascarets ar^ Indispensable for
/j , .^^ X M 4££s£*i%&3&j&f!tf yonne children and always bring be»»
I A.' ' i * .' ¦'-' ~' *J *n —Henry Joynt. P. 31., 'Wesley, S. 0.
I \\ a^^ia( i^*^/D ••Cascarets work easy and withont
\ -^V'V- lir^BcRSL yffiSftoSBTTrw* t V S % pain. I havo inven them to mybabia*
1 >^S*»' *¥^*39SOI» 6 W\ with iplandid msa'.ts."
V*^-C^V * ¦-. &¦ dyjg&Bf£l&3&Bi fr XVJ — Mrs. K. Bettas. St. Louis, Mf».
., <&^ &§P % iivV 1/ "Cascarjts are Wonderfully good fo*
' \ * <¦ '¦ ' " '' . . . V.: — Mrs. Wm. Eoan, Cataiaoxint, N. T.
Mamma takes a CASCARET,' baby gets the benefit. ¦ Isn't that good sense? The
sweet,, palatable Candy. Cathartic \Cascaret,( eaten by the nursing mother, not
; only regulates . her r system and increases -her flow ; of milk, but makes her milk
; mildly purgative. . IJaby gets the effect diluted and as part of its regular, natural
. food ; —no violence—^no danger— perfectly natural results. No more sour curds la *
; baby's stomach, no more wind; colic, restless nights. -
/7T?r\Y» t\\k f%\v\. Best for the Bowels. • All druRglsts, xoc, 33c, 30c. . Never sold* fa balk. .
i.^^itjWw^W^A'e.y Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
' -ZZ.-J?£?? *ack. Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New Yorfc . ga
IB.KATSCHINSKil
[I PHIUDELPHIA SHOE CO. |
(0 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
A Swell Creation.
Fancy Front Stays,
Cuban Heels.
Special for the ladies, something B
extra, nobby and awell: a real I
smart etrle. Fits perfectly and |
ruaranteed for wear. Ladies' Vicl I
Kid Lace Shoes. with mat kid tops ffi
and fancy front stays, coin toes g
and pa-teat leather tips, pliable soles R
and Cuban heels. THE PRICE I
IONX.T S2.25- Sizes 2% to 8, g
widths A to E. §
Colonial Ties I
Of Ye Olden Days. I
1 History certainly repeats Itself. E
for the newest thins in ties is the |
Colonial. We make a special offer. I
I^adies* Patent Leather Kid Colo- I
nlal Ties, ornamented with gun B
nsetal buckles, kid quarters, plain 1
coin toes, turned eoles and French i
heels. THE PRICE 81.O5. Sizes |
Vjb to "Vt, widths AtoD. g
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. . 1
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
|j IO THIRD STREET, |
[I San Francisco. H
¦ "-" 7 • - ,i| LIFE INSURANCE WRITTEN AND 'PLACED. dunng : .i9or,.oyer 973 MILLIONS ¦'.[ " ."¦'.. " .'-' " "' ==
officers" ' .' ;. : ¦¦¦• : ." - '^v'ik : A-''kk' : V:^S.^Mf' : . v ':ii#-^^f?J:ir;-;=^5y^SLv^ C^'ft';A^^^^.;j;!C|^V.^ J^^Kii/cvy^^.i' ' -¦ ¦'- '¦
G »w ARD PAID POLICY-HOLDERS, in 26 years, over - - - - CO MILLIONS Twenty-sixth Annual Statement
Vtoe-PraUent. 2d V. Prel and ' CounseU XJ O .-'.--'.- Janiiary I, 1902.
iS^^SeS^ ASSETS, end of 1 901, over, - - - - - - - 4$ MILLIONS : ;. ' . ; ; :,. '
WIU^"Sl>- & aS^ : INepM i E, ; .during 1 901,. nearly--/ '-- ,- '- - - 29 MILLI0NS
EDWARD H. HAMILL, > JOHNK.GORE, ' ''¦'" .' Real Estate.... 10,075,68122
' ActU<UT ' PAID POLICY-HOLDERS, during I 9OI, OVer - , - .'„ -V* - Q MILLIONS R.R,Bond3 and StockCMarket Value). 14,251,857 so-
SURPLUS^ nearly - - - - - ...-'.. - - - 7 MILLIONS '_ ¦'¦ 'llSSiS^~ S *
LE$UEP - WA £? OTte . r . w i5Z. A^£!?h^l p o ii c i e! g in Force Nearly ' : 4% Millions, Goverinp; Life Insurance of ]pi|fp^i^l§^ 3fcoa>3 °
¦ . , . . . : , : y > ; -..; : :¦¦;..' . .v- : ? : ¦ l « - Loans, on .Collateral Securities 915,00000
OVOY* 000 "'''OOO'' V ~'Qlil»f>Aliyi'l^lll'fV : ' > '\XM'fVl ' Loans on Policies.. 72818934
Wf&if^^W yy°* -""•q>-lUO,UUUiUUIJj^^ OUriUUIlUlIlg YY1LI1 Premiums deferred and in course of •
Absolute Protection coUection
I ® [ M^^^^^^^^^^Sk 'V - '"'¦¦^¦:-\~: Surplus to Policy-holders 6,864,605,4
// £jj f Mm Pwf|^YH^^^^i \\ A Progressive Company in Which the Safe y and Advancement of TotaI . m ..$43,630,571 33
// fey / /^iw^y^^^^^^^^^-1 W ' ts P°^ c y"holders'^^Interests Are the Chief Considerations.
* "*• **Ji*--^^^ 4f^4 >y Home Offices > TTVrQ TT R AIM ¦ .h iKTb Hir^ AIVlK!r\lt<A ¦ ~~
Newark, N. M. IiM « [}f **&**; \JM^^-\J\Jm \Jr t /e" p b ViTe n t^ a l
' ¦ .'.". . /""V« 1™^ • 7Vlr i »>->I^ /~^. JTv^jL— SjT^l^i JL~JFm 508-9-10-11 Claus Sprecke/s Building, San Francisco, Caf. tion, I shall t« uiad to receive free
. . , - a ¦*¦ - !'t'. : ' . • - -¦ '-¦¦¦¦. " ¦' -.. ' '-¦¦•'•.. particulars and rates of DOlicies.
• ; •. .-.-...*¦'...: ' :. .' . " ..' '. ,-. - : '-":[:'.\ ' ''. ". ¦; . ' ¦ '. ' For $^.. ...... ...Age.. ¦
KCrKC^plVlAllVCp.lll V/\Lir\JIVni/\. Name;.......
ROBERT S. BOYNS. Special Agent, 508 Claus Spreckels Building, San U. L. DIKE, Special AKent. Redlands, 1 Cal.,. ,,.¦,.,• T !fc^i^SSSSl»^-Sp^^A^»1 F^ i:^r> C ?S ' " a^^«
Francisco, CaL ¦ . — A. P. CHIPRON, Special A K ent, 601-3 Homer Laughlin Building, . Los C T - SXtSRST'"t^?^c At ??\ ?*' fw V Cf T A« .t.ri Address....
F. B. CORNUE, Special Ajfent. Santa Rosa ' Cal '¦ ' Angeles Cal : - ,.,.,:'.- H. ROLAND LEEi; Special Agent, 136 West 16th St.,- Los Angeles, Cal. .
M. V. VANDERHOOF. Special Agent, Santa Rosa, Caf. : . W. R. NEELANDS! Special Agent, San Diego, Cal. ;i U • 7 7 7 A. J. HINDS, Agent. Santa - Croz, . Gal. ;.'¦-• ' ". Occupation....^ '
JOHN L. SPEARES. Superintendent of Agencies, 508 Claus Spreckels R. O. BRACKENRIDGE. ; Special AeenCOntario, .Cain*** ,, r .:. W.. C. FULLER, Special Agent, Agnew,- Cal.. ... - . . - , • . ¦
Building, San Francisco, CaL t |.*v •; .. l 'v\r. JEFFERSON^ Special Agent, Hollister, Cal. : ';' "¦>" V ' . ; . : - . ¦ , . yi _•¦ -.;'_. : ,...; -;¦ ¦'; . , : :r\.'. /,'. 6 - . ' : : . J*i Foresters Give Valentine Party.
There ; was a merry crowd of - Foresters
of the Ancient Order and Companions of
the i Forest last.: night in the social >hall
of .the -Foresters' building to enjoy, the
i valentine party giveniby Bohemian Circle
of ;.; the Companions. During the grand
march each | one taking part was present
ed with a. valentine." Dancing was kept up
'until midnight. . .... ' ; ¦..: : ,
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia:
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co.", 406 Clay.
Diphtheria' Raging 1 in Our Midst.
'Muchj sickness and quite a number ;of
deaths have recently been reported owing
to the presence of diphtheria in San* Fran
cisco. This is generally due .to the" water
conditions. /.;, The ¦ . Pasteur" • .Germ-Proof
"Water -Filter • is . a*- reliable . safeguard
against the disease. Put up on trial with
out charge- and rented at 51; per monthv
Chas. Brown ,&Sdn/ 807 Market' street,
Flood building. • ,~ •'-
-•""- Captain 'John' -Glover v dled recently -at
Harwich;-. England, ; his native : place; aged
82. v He : had • assisted ,. in saving : over 300
lives from wrecks ; on the Gunfleet,- Heap,
Sunk 'and Long' Sands. :~
Detectives : Fitzgerald and Graham are
searching, for .William Borchers, a boiler
maker's^ helper,' who Is : alleged to have
shot ' Fred Raget i in , the leg early ; yester
day * morning.. " J Raget* is a bollermaker'B
apprentice:; * Borchers _ ; has " .'disappeared,
but the know his '} haunts and
expect^to I locate. s him,\"sh6rtly. The offi
cers ; also want two men . who are impli
cated with 'Borchers. "
V It appears j; that i J. ; F. i Burlingame, , an
engineer, '¦¦ and \Raget*, are ' ; employed ¦ by
"William : J. Brady, ; proprietor of; the i Eu
reka'Boiler .Worksj at: 115 .Mission street.
Both .were; sent to? repair "some pipes at
the California' Brewery," corner Eighteenth
' andV Douglass : streets, ;¦ and early yester
day, morning,' while on. their way to work,"
were ' assaulted 1 , by. two unknown --men,'
who, Burlingame says, are striking boiler
makers. ""\ 'X.:. i '¦-•. ¦ :
iThey . knocked ; Burlingame ; down and
proceeded • tos beat- him, when- he drew a
pistol and. began • firing at his ¦ assailants.
At i this ¦ moment ; a. man;- who .Burlingame
swears, was- William Borchers,'^opened tire
On ' him ? and "• Ragetr The ' boy ' started to
run away and had not^proceeded far/whsn
a"; bullet from ¦ Borchers'-* p\stol ! struck him
in- the leg and he fell to. the ground. The
three ; assailants .took to their ;heere ; and
disapeared. .-: Raget' .was 'taken •¦ to .".* the
City,: and County, Hospital; and, the 'bullet
extracted. The wound was : not : serious,'
as ; the , bullet- entered . the fleshy part of
his leg. ; . [¦ .' , ; ...v." . ; ¦. • U7-. '¦¦
.-.'Burlingame reported the '^affair.', to ;the
police 1 and ' Lieutenant -Anderson, who is
in charge of the Mission district, detailed
his detectives to . capture the men: .- Bur
lingame, says he! recognized" Borchers, as
a man who was once 'i employed by the
Eureka Boiler; Works.- The other -two
men he does not know. ; '
V The municipal vClyil Service Commission
/will ; n»eet; to-Smorrbwi in > an ; endeavor! to
unravel the knotty point as to whether Ian
applicant _* who « is not a - citizen ; ,o£ 7: the
'United States : may : be given the privilege
of .'faking ' ah "examination for a position
under^; theV cityy government. / > -'•: ,'¦'. -\ '. ":¦' '
The ¦ matter ¦ y/ill : come '. up , on a - repori
filed^by,. Chief .^Examiner; Mbran,;; which
was .completed 1 yesterday •: and directs at
tention t to \ the; fact : that ¦ James G. .Quin-^
Ian 1 took, the ' examination ' for.^dairy/ in='
spector'v inijthe : of
I Health and was j placed first on the : eliglf I
•ble:list,\with a rating of 93.75 per cent.' It I
was subsequently , ascertained i that \ Quin-1
Ian was an alien at the ;time he took 'the.
examination,, which "was: held two. months:
ago. ; Quinlan himself- acknowledges 'that
he-Is not -,a' citizen of this -republic, but
denies the right of the Ci vil. Service Com
mission • to i take": him ' off ; the eligible list
on that account. "Vj. "! . !•"! •'¦ -'.:- :
The Civil Service Commission refers to a
rule wliich it formulated' at : the beginning
of its regime .-which provides .that : appli
cants tot . civil service examinations must '
be citizens of the United States,' at. least
21 years of. age and .'actual '-residents -of,
San Francisco. fi Quinlan ' claims that? the
commission has-noUegal right to exclude
an applicant « from' an i examination . be-"
cause he, is not a citizen. •;.'.;"- ; r :: ' ¦ .¦ : * ¦¦¦¦:'¦.
• The commission, however, says that . the"
rule ; was drawn up ; in' conformity with; a
charter . provision requiring , that all \ depu
ties, •; .clerks, assistants and:-; other ; em-*
ployesof 'the city and county must, be
citizens of the United < States. ,-, The "com
mission holds that. ,the rule is legal be
cause an alien cannot hold a city office,"
and . there would ; be : no sense : in allowing
him to take an examination since he could
not be certifiedfor any position. The dis
pute will be settled by. the commission to
morrow, when 'Quinlan will be obliged to
! show; cause, why he-should not be taken
off the eligible list/ - -
¦> , <- .-.- .-.\V . - f - ¦ ,
Investigates ;Oase of One Not
; ;'a .(Citizen 'Wlio Tc ok-
, Examination.-
. ->
Pact That Girl Telephoned
Home Most
1 •Feature. ."
Boy and J. P. Burlingame Are
Attacked While on Way
r Home/ "
Captain Seymour Admits
; but Slender Clews • N
Remain. ' |
Fred Ra get Shot by Man
Siipposed'to Be Wmi
( / Borchers.
Gdinmissibn toTake One
Off the Eligible-' !••
STRIKER WOUNDS
AN APPRENTICE
CIVIL SERVICE
NOT FOR ALIENS
FULLER MYSTERY
GROWING DEEPER
. Edward ¦ Fuiey, \ the ' former 1 special po-,
liceman ' : who « jumped 7; his .' bonds /while I
awaiting! trial in 'Judge Dunne's court; for.]
an i assault "Ho I commit'; murder, ¦ and j who j
was i apprehended » in '.Prescott.YAriz.; r»was ]
brought -back to UhisicityJ last 5 evening, by i
DetectiveJPat' Sulllvansand locked up;in I
the City- Prison. 7-^ : . ¦ ;-• : :¦'';) ">
Gabriel Bovo's -."Will t Filed.
.The .will 1 of -the late Gabriel Bo"vo," whose
leath'v .occurred ;'; ; at ; : - hi s V'/residence,' ;, 517 •
Hayes i street,; on * the i 6th I instr.t was -filed
f or ¦ probate '. yesterday.'^ He \ left * ah 1 estate
consisting; of srealt'andfcpersonal- property
valued ; at $50,000 j in trust • for ; his 'wife ' and
children. v.*<; : . '•-': ' ; . ' i»-u : .j '-
FureyJ Brought \ Back.
; An",: exhlblUon of C strength . was i given'
last /evening, at .the' ¦Washington-square
Hall, corner . Stockton ; and . .Union • streets,'
byrAngelo': Napoli, " Grae"c6-Romari : , chain-,
pidn.' '-¦ j\ Napoli .was S formerly ? Muldoon's
.wrestling partner,* and arrived in this city
from Rome. but a short time ago.. Napoli
swung ." 250-pound s dumbbells in ; his =¦ teeth ;
then clutched f our < one- pound: spikes i that
had 5 been 1 driven' into 'a" piece of timber In
his v mouth ¦; and * broke ; them: .The t strong
man then lay on <. the i floor t and- raising
• a 1 100-pound s dumbbell y the length * of . his
arms, .; dropped .' it* on'.' his v chest-^ Later,
lying f , on " his ; back, v he ~ supported >by « his
legs -, a 250-pound % dumbbell • and two ; men
sitting on* its ends. ; Then fifty- men in i the
audience "; attempted -, to i unfold;? his ''¦ arms,
but I, found 'j they were 'i unable " ; to t do '/¦ so. :
As a'flnale-tof the; exhibition NaDoli sup
ported . a .weight : of . more I than ' three ton3
on his chest. - :' ..^- ¦ •
N"apoli ; ; Exhibits^ His-^ Strength *
ter's physical condition it was shown that
there was : no ; contradiction involved -be
tween the theory that' the girl -had met
her death on the night of her disappear
ance and the condition of the-body. ; ; _' :
Madge Graham;^accompanied ;by her
foster-mother, was taken over the ground
she said she had covered since Nora Ful
ler's disappearance , by Detective Cody in
order to test her veracity. She was found
to have related her story, truthfully, in all
essential . details.^Sr? ; i r i*3^|s^«f^S^»S^
•: The - inquest has been ; set for. Tuesday
morning. The witnesses summoned so far
are > C. H. Lahanier ? and * B. Burns,-; em
ployes of Umbsen : & s Co. ; * H. E.'j Deane,
who discovered the body;: Fred Crawford,
another employe of iUmbsen & r Co. ; " B. iT.
Schell and t Richard '>Fitzgerald.:' the; sec
ond-hand dealers, "' who sold: the furniture
and bedding; Larry ;Glllen and-Thomaa
¦ Tobin, expressmen, >who- delivered ¦ the
goods, and E. ; F. ~\ Bertrand, '. the , locksmith,
who •claims • to i havo^ Inspected the. entire
house several times f after "January 11. '3
: 'Last >• night some ; one .who - represented
himself as from . the Elite | protograph gal
lery, ¦; which has 'the r contract for 'taking
pictures of -• dead .bodies % at tthe^ Morgue,
was exhibiting a ) photograph : of • the nude
body : of | Nora Fuller I as , she ; appeared on
.the slab i of the exposing room. -The I print
.was • undoubtedly ¦, made ¦ from < the i ©riginal
plate, •< and ' - much V- indignation -< i.was ex
pressed ¦ at the carelessness of the ; official
photographer - in allowing suchi a -picture
to be exhibited in public. ¦ ; V •
TTTTiiLfl!\N ' ; :- : FHA-N CISCO CAIiTJ; OknNDAY. 1(5. 1902.
28
At the end of a full week of unremittent
effort on the ; part r , of ' the police of '- San
Francisco to establish the identity . of the
murderer of Eleanor j Maud > Fuller Cap
tain Seymour, reluctantly : admitted - last
! night that the mystery' remained as im-
I penetrable as it was on the afternoon the
I body was found. /So .far as the. known
facts are concerned- there remain only
I three lines of investigation that promise
! results. , I.-. < '.' .-V .. : 'V--- - •¦'-..' - '-
One of these is the bloodstained towel
that was found upon trie body. The towel
is an old one and has the appearance of
having been laundrled a s number of times.
; It was not in the girl's possession when
i she left home and her mother Is positive
it - did not , come : from : her ' house. ; The
police are endeavoring to trace the formei
ownership of the towel , among the lodg
ing-houses of : the downtown district in
hopes that the abiding place of Bennett
or Hawkins during his stay in San Fran
cisco may be discovered. The . pattern of
¦the towel is a common one and similar
ones may be found in a hundred rooming
houses apd hotels. Besides, among tne
purchases made by Hawkins at iltzger
ald's second-hand store was a towel _and
in all likelihood this 'is. the one found on
the body of the murdered girl. So the
slender basis on which the detectives are
forced to- pursue their investigations is
Another slight clew which Is being
worked thoroughly is the fact that a bot
tle partly filled with brandy was found
in the room at the time, the body was
discovered. At first it was thought pos
sible that the murdered girl had been
plied with liquor and that the excess^ to
one unused to stimulants had caused her
death. The autopsy destroyed this theory,
as it showed no signs of alcoholic poison
ing. A thorough canvass of every saloon
and shop selling liquor anywhere in the
neighborhood of the house .of _death^ is
being conducted \ by the city detectives
with a view to ascertaining where the
bottle of liquor was bought and; by whom.
Nothing has been developed, -however,
and the bottle may, have, been left by a
former tenant. *,'. - :
Truman Not Yet Located.
1 A vigorous search is being made . for
Charles H. Truman, at one time a mem-,
ber of the Oakland police force and still
a. resident of that place. ' He is now en
gaged in the money-lending business. De
tective Hamill spent two days in Oakland
searching for Truman, and on one of
these occasions was accompanied by. J.
W Krohn, the restaurant-keeper, who, is
able to identify Bennett.; Truman could
not -be located, and up to a late.hour last_
night had not put in an appearance." The
police refuse to say what connection, he
is supposed to have -with the Fuller case,
but from the fact that Krohn, was; asked
to go to Oakland if is supposed .that the
man wanted \ bears a ! resemblance -to the
descriptions given of the murd.erer.
Nothing - new developed- - yesterday.- to.
change ;in , any way :• the ; conclusion . of the
police that the girl.was'murderedon the
night of her disappearance from home.
The envelope bearing a San.-, Francisco
postmark of Januray 21,- which -was found,
in the house.- inclosed a"" circular from -a
furniture house, ¦ .< and . - was ¦ doubtless
openedvby some" of the "men. who -gained
admission to the gutter-street' house «m
the day the . body : was .: discovered^in
searching for' a clew, to the; identity "<Sf
the corpse. "When it . was | found 9 that • the
inclosure gave no - informations It was,
tossed aside and subsequently to
the Coroner's office with the clothes. ;. The
envelope ,was left lying ¦ on'-the rfloor^pf .
the house and picked L up. there later. ;^:f^ii
Police Arer Puzzled,."' < s '; J
¦• The most puzzling* feature.' of Hhe -, case
to the detectives is the .fact: that-'the girl
telephoned to her home, ; Eaying she .was
in the 1500 block on Geary -street 1 with-the
family of her employer, -that they,, were
nice people and that, she, would .? remain
there all night. The ; message , was -re
ceived by her younger 1 brother, .and
terday he . was submitted ..to ; a {.thorough
questioning by Captain • Seymour -.and
Coroner ' Leland touching this : feature- of
the case. The little fellow was positive
that the voice at the ¦ other ; end of * the
line was that of his sister and that he
had repeated . the message correctly. . II
left the Instrument to inform his mother,
and when he - returned he :• could get no
response from his : sister. Why did Nora
Fuller utter the falsehood which her
brother is certain he heard? If Bhe. was
under duress :•' a single word in the re
ceiver • would have so- alarmed her fam
ily that a search for her would have be
gun at - once and her terrible fate prob
ably been Averted.
Going Over ' the Ground.
Mrs. Fuller and her- three remaining
children -were closeted .for, two hours yes
terday afternoon i with' Captain Seymour,
Coroner Leland • i and Autopsy Surgeon
Bacigalupi. The. entire * ground was gone
over and every detail of Nora Fuller's life
that was known to her. mother or the sur
viving children was repeated; but nothing
important • was developed. : From ; ; the
knowledge Mrs. Fuller had of her daugh-
FOTJB YEARS IN JAIL
THE "COT/NT'S"' SENTENCE
Han -Who Left Los . Angeles - With a
¦Young Girl Convicted of
Bigamy.
¦.EL PASO. Tex.; Feb. • 15.— "Count" Dc
Lucenay, alias De Presboist, after, a night
session of court, was found guilty.; of
bigamy and. given four years in the peni
tentiary.. There wai= no excitement nor
was there any sensational incident in the
courtroom when the verdict was an
nounced. The State • had proved ' the
bigamy .charge and the , defense relied
solely on the insanity dodge: for an ac
quittal. It was shown that the prisoner
was an epileptic and possibly insane. Ex
pert testimony was introduced on this
point, but it carried no weight .with the
jury. The "Count" wept several times
during the procedure.
Pacific Bank Case Settled.
The Supreme Court handed down a de
cision yesterday/ declaring-, that the as
signees of the defunct Pacific Bank must
pay to Charles Laidlaw, assignee of : R.
H. McDonald, the sum of $45,000, , which
is his share of the amount paid out 1 in
the liquidation of the affairs of the in-
Btitution. The bank's assignees held that
McDonald's "claijn should be paid -only
a f ter ¦ all other*accounts should be set
tJed, because his investment was In etock
instead of in deposits, ' .
«OEU" GLASSON ACQUITTED
OH" A CHARGE OE MTTSDER
Had a Fight "With" George Niblock,
Another Boy, "Who Subse
quently IWed.
The case cf John GlaBson,, the H-year
old boy charged with the murder of
George Nib'ock. another boy about the
same age, isas dismissed by Judjre Mogan
yesterday. The boye had a fipht at the
Eureka Boiler "Works, where in . were
both employed, and during tbf f Vib
lock fell and etruck his head ; nst a
vise, fracturing his skull, which u .;mate
ly caused his death.
The Judge In dismissing the case Bald
that the evidence did not" bear out the
charge. No one saw the flght, and th
defendant declared that he struck Nib
jock with his fist and he slipped and teA
backward, striking the vise. The evidence
showed further th&r Klblock. who was of
a quarrelsome disposition, was the a.g
pressor and had used Insulting language
to Glasson. .
11" " ¦'¦ '
A Great Dav
Will be to-morrow at the Lyceum— 10^0
men's all-wool suits and overcoats. of the
.Adler stock will be said for $4.85. t Thes«
suits and overcoats are worth |20.O0, each
end every one of them. .They are exhib
ited, la tite windows. Everybody Is e*nti
tled to buy them for 54.S5 at the factory
clothing- sale, SIS Market st.. opp. Mason. •
Marriage is like any other disease; -while
there is Me there ia hope.
•-¦'.- - -;. . . ¦ | . '; .. . ¦ : - •„ '
C-^THREE VERY CHARMIN6>\^?
/ SPRING SUIT FASffiONS \T
/ Ia en endless assortment o! brand new «prirg colorings, -^ \
/ mar vplovsly pretty, and handled in a very lailor-likc %O [ifl \
/ fashion; hf£h<lassvorK; at...... M**'^* 1^ \
I These are the three styles pictured^above:
I _., T:» E YOKE NOBFOLK in the center. In those new greens.
I , C . . are Very smart tor Spring wear; ages 3 to 10 years.
| THE LITTLE STJIT on the side, with Its pretty little Vest. In
an endless variety o.f colorings, blues among 'em; ages 3 to 10 years.
• THE SCHOOL-GOING STJIT there, in an endless variety of '
} colorings; a high-class suit, worth all the way up to 55; ases 8 to
j 16 years. '- ¦
J Any o! these three styles $2.48
I Of course th» dressy blue colorings are among 'em all. I ,
1 Spring roods are crowdlrgr In on us Just like our admirers of new 'V|V
| I thlnra. who are crowding In on us; won't you join the crowd In seeing I
J I the Smart Fashions for Spring In all departments? . I .
WONQ WOO,
1*T CHINESE-TEA AND HERS
Oh* - 7~ SANITARIUM
i-jaBSiu 764-68 Clay St., S.- P', CaL
7ajg$l&$lW A "* diseases cvnxa
ht rb*. oTtr , 9000 Ttrlettea bain c . oaa4. : Hour»
9:80 to 11 l m.. 1 to 3 ud T to » a. ou
a^aMBMata^MBMn ww iin jBmJmbBjmiiiwii^ ' '^mjmW
DR. BALL'S RQNYiGOSATOSlRaf!!
Stop* all loae* la 34 hours. Fiv« ft ~>V" ' til 1
hundred reward for any eaaa w« 99 BS
cannot cur^, This §acretT«m»d» V i a
cures Emlwtor.s, Irnpotency, flag mnjQ
Varlcoeela, Gonorrhoea. Qlsst. Pff* pKfli
Strictures. Dr»tn«, Lo»t M»nl K'Til fWI
hood and all other . waatlns af- t^i 1^1
lecti of aslf-abus* or «xc«aa«a 1 BKaBBBtt
f ta JJ?^22v l ?JS? tlts *ii'5 rttla^ 1 Wl »«»«»»»•*»
to CUra * any . case. : Call » or addreaa arAsra
way, Oakland, C»l. Alao - for aala at 10T3 V4
Market «t.y 8. T. Band for fAa^£>£ V*
SPECIAL SALE
EXTRA QUALITY
|l^lKi||i|i|K|Yi|^
2O-Inch BLACK TAFFETA 7Cn VqH
SILK (Guaranteed)......... I Ob I 01 U
v 23-Inch BLAGK TAFFETA 0R o VorH
,\\ .: SILK (Swiss manufacture). . ... 0 Jb 3 dl 11
22-fnch BLAGK TAF-dKI flH VqM
FETA SILK (Guaranteed)., dh UU I dl U
¦¦¦ '27 -Inch BLACK TAE- P\ f)n Vorrf
FETA SILK r .. ... . .SliUuIdlU
24-Inch BLACK TAF-OI IC V Q rrf
FETA SILK!(Gua^nteed).. Qhlu I dl U
36-Inch BL^CK TAF- Ql OC YorH
FETA SILK ... . . . ... . . Oh ZO I dl U
42- Inch BLACK TAF- Q\
FETA SILK^;^;Si)|^|(Rtt
We will also show this week an eleaant cql-
lection of FANCY SILKS in all
stules'ahd colorin as for Sprlnar 1902,
orders Jpromptin anl carelullg executed-:
aM samples Topwapdel free to aim addTpess.^
III. 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET"
; X WE OWN OUR OWN , BUILDING-W^ PAY NO RENT.
'.-:. FINE CHAMBER SUITES.
In Golden Oak finish, highly rolls hed. Bureau and Commode have French bersl
plate mirrors.- Expensive suites and cheaper ones— just to suit your own Ida* of
ornament' and " comfort: "We ' furnish your - house ; complete. Parlor, " Dlning-rooin.
Chambers and Kitchen, and all for a comparatively small sum. You don't fcav« to -
borrow any money to bay. here. ''¦•-.'¦ ' ' ' ¦ '- '..
: .¦;.- Free : Delivery to ¦ Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
THEJ^NOONANI-URNITURECO^Iflc..
1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
WE CLOSE AT 6 P. 31. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
I A Flash of Light
• In the nigh* — the passing of the swift and luxurious
I Cat if ornia Limited
1 ' gleaming with Its real electric lights. It race* from
if San Francisco to Chicago In three days *
a ' ". T - w the
ffll ~.'-' IBtm ""'¦'' ¦' ' : '^ Mm™ %t .'- Aii - ¦ - ¦
¦NEW WESTERN 1HOTEL;
K' EARNT -t AND -WASHINGTON BTS.— RE-
-: modeled and' renovated.': KING A
CO. ' European plan. , Rooms. 60o to Jl'60 d«y
$5 to *8 week ; |S . to < $20 month. . Free baths :
hot | and " cold | water | every | room : ) flr« grata* to
, avery room; ) elevator runs, all night.'
; EXPERT.*'. OPTICIAN.^
! THE EDITOR r
Of i the Catholic . Ladles':, Honie Journal of San
FrariCisco ?,.writea ' a" letter; of recommendation
highly i praising ; Mr/George -Mayerle, the " Ger-"
man Expert* Opticjan.'',-. * . ¦
:' 'I ;TO ."WHOM IT . MAT: CONCERN : : > .
;l .- 1 can ' conscientiously recommend- Mr. . George
Mayerle,** the j German , Expert Optician, 4 , to -. any
one troubled with .Weak Eyes 1 or Poor Sight. I
1 consulted; 1 : several £ ese > specialists tin ' ; Europe, ¦
i"which;were rated among, the best in the world,
and 1 1 can truthfully say that the glasses fitted
', to ¦ my.; eyes . by Mr.; George^ Mayerle ' far ' excels
all results' previously.' obtained. '• .<
';¦¦". (Signed) .- - LO^S .W. PASKXHJCH. •
.OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE.
It gives" me' much'^pleasiire' to recommend to
.the > public i Mr. George ¦ Mayerle • of ¦ San Fran-
cisco. I have been, using glasses for th*.£ast
four/ years,-, and * during .• that ; time '.bs*^' con-
sulted 5 several . opticians, but not - unti i * I con-
sulted Mr. George Mayerle nnd had him fit
glasses to my: eyes didl get ENTIRE 8ATIS- I
FACTION.'.. Most respectfully, ~
/"¦>¦'. y -J." H. ANDERSON,-
Sergeant of Police,' San Francisco. -.- *
NGTIGE!
£M$FSSr'! NEGLECTED EYESIGHT
AFFECTS THB BBAIK.
,*'._ Mayerle' s s classes /cannot ¦: be ''¦:. had >'froml any
: traveling ¦¦ optician. -* THE I GENUINE must be
i>rdered *! direct 5 from-:: GEORGE
; German : Expert Optician; « 1071 . Mar-
ket : street,* near Seventh, = San Francisco. Tele-
phone South ; 572.il German - Eyewater, : 50c.' ¦ Mr."'
George : Mayerle has ; no : branch - offices, nor floes
¦he employs any traveling opticians to represent I
him.;"-. -." :¦'.:¦-¦ '.'¦}'¦_" -'¦¦ " .. "'- v /•.:• ¦. : 'V- - -,-'-¦ ' ¦¦
, The .wrong glasses will ruin the " strongest eyes
GEO. MAYERLE'S. GLASSES STRENGTHEN
.;¦:¦ J THE? EYE r AND .= BRAIN, f,: .
V 'All ¦ Prescriptions ; for T Superior i Quality * Eye-
glasses should be ord*»d direct J from . George
¦ Mayerle.'.San: Francisco.;, ,..,. -;-.^.,.. .
i->S CT". NO * GLASSES s LEAVE . MR. v" GEORGE
MAYERLE' 8 OPTICAL I INSTITUTE ¦ UNLESS
ABSOLUTELY CORRECT; ¦
- , - ¦ CUT -THIS OUT. ' .-¦• J
. . ¦"¦- -... . - ¦ . . "¦' ¦ . '-' ¦¦
AD VERTISEMEHTa
§*' STRONGEST IN THE WORLD **\ >— -<
THE EQUiTABLE- LIFE )(x\: ¦¦
cASSU RANGE SOCrETy A^g/
OP THB UNITED STATES. '
Outstanding Assurance, Dec. 3 1st, 1901 ...$ 1,179, 276,725'.GO/
New Assurance Issued in 1901. ......... ......v 24^,^1 2, oEfyoo
Income in 1 9QI . . ;". ....*:... f . / 64^74; 605; 94
Assets December 31, 1 90 1. 33^039,726.34
Assurance rund, and all other Liabilities... 259,9 10,678.28
Surplus........... '..............i;... ;. ...; 7I,I;29,O42.66
Paid Policyholders in 1901-.. ".... .;....-, 27,714,621.42
6-12 CROCKER; BUILDING,, J - .;SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. T
j j and workmanship.
mMade to fit, every- •;^SSm
£ 9 and 11 Sansome Street. : -
ft - Factory 134-136 Main St. ; San Francisco, Cal. - .^
y If your dealer does not carry 'the Phlt- U Shoe, j write H
f direct to the; manufacturers. Delivered to any;. 'part : of -U -
w the United States and Canada; oh receipt of $4.00^ \
ADVERTISEMENTS.GENERAL JAMES F. ? SMITH, the commander of theCal- .
, if ontia, regiment: that headed the first American military
¦ expedition • across the Pacific, was banqueted last night at the Palace •>
[Hotel by the citizens of San Francisco. Having won his gold star v
by gallantry' in the field, and haying added civic honors to his mili
:tary laurels- by his able .administration of '¦ the; affairs of. the island
.of Ncgros/' General Smith lately returned to -take a ' much-needed
rest, preliminary to returning- with renewed zest to , his duties as - : 
j Associate Justice of '< the -Supreme. Court of the Philippines. His fel- ¦:
; low-townsmen/ proud, of his achievements, paid him by this remark- j,
.able gathering: the tribnte due to stanch character, splendid ability
. and public services of high order in our .nczv possessions in the.
Exponent of Lif o an d Power of • t he
Nation, Vindicator of 'Ameri-;:
• can Justice. «
Until the month. of June, 1001,' our guest con-"
tlnued In that distinguished ' civil employ men t.
But • that was .. not enough. - : The , President C of
the Ur.ited! States, . by act of Congress," was per-'
mitted to organize a Judicial system, '.the prac
tical 'wcrklnr' of '.which* was .Intrusted . to the
Philippine j Commission, "of • which •_ our :¦ distin
guished brother In the . law, : Judge •. Taf t.V waa
the titular head, and /through; his j discretion
and dlKcernment < this I lawyer, ¦ this ¦ poldler, . this
Governor, of a: turbulent people,' , this ¦ regulator,
of the. commerce of 'the 'island,-- was 'put back
In '¦ the 'station 'to '.which* he originally belonged
—•in the /Judicial, syttcm ;of the Islands. "Do
"|»HE applause that followed the Intro-;
I duction of General Barnes made It
I seem for a moment that the banquet-
I era had forgotten that the Philippine
hero, not the orator, was the guest
if honor. "Three cheers for General
3arnes" were given with a wilL - The ad-
Iress of .welcome was as follows: -
I Fellow Citizens: Of all the many occadons
1 t. which I have assisted during my. residence '
\i -California none has afforded me more nln
»r* end unalloyed pleasure than the occasion
i'hlch has brought us together to-night. (Ap- ;
lause.) ¦ We have nothing to expect; there Is,
t the head of the table, no dispenser of pub- ¦
TAKES HIS PLACE AGAIN .^
. IN JUDICIAL SYSTEM
General Barnes Recalls the
* Departure of the First
* California.
WELCOME GIVEN
WITH ELOQUENCE
Colonel Gives Men the Light of . Sue-
cess and Triumph, and Capacity
for War.
It was an ' unorganized ' military organiza
tion, except In' theory, and it landed In Ma
nila almost' like any -other regiment of "the
National Guard, needing "discipline, needing
encouragement - and catching ! the . light of suc
cess and triumph and the rapacity - for. war,
from its: titular head, the colonel of the regi
ment. Had he been less than be was Its record
would, not be that. which history has made. ,
' . I, - probably with many of you,, was present
at the Precidlo when the citizens of San'Fran
cloco presented to that regiment a standard of
colors, the ensign of the nation,' the flag of the
Elate, and when that long line. came crawling
up the hill and wai formed into lt« three bat
talions en masse.: and the color guard stepped
out with the colonel to take that flag, that em
blem, ¦¦• and bear ; It. - God only knew to « what
fate, I wondered If this young officer understood
the fearful responsibility which . was - placed
upon him; if he realized' that he -held 1
in . the - hollow of- his . hand, .as God 'holds'
the waters of the ocean, the life.' health, 'pros
perity and the safe return cf all those -young
five* that were going out under his command.'
I had a little chat .with. him 1 upon the grassy
hlllMde a* they were, waiting, for the formation
of the circle that ¦ waa to present i that ' flag, t I
talked * with him ¦ about - his ¦ condition and . his
feelings, • and I understood. - before I -left him,
that he . deeply appreciated the ' solemn . respon
sibility that the citizens of California had re
posed In him. And that regiment 'had hardly
been a month upon the shores of the Philippines
when It waa called to ¦ taki_part In the i fight
In the trenches at-Malate;; Etlll later. In the
month of August,-, in the siege and capture of
Manila; and, from that' time on, in the forages
and In the defense of Manila, and asm in, at
the battle of Santa Ana. where h« led.hiscon
querlng host," and scarcely a month later,' when
commenced; that" signal fight* which lasted- for
.fifteen long days that endeil in the triumph -of
Fan:Pedro Macate. - That v.-as In the month. of
February, 18119. ...
.. HU conduct as an admlniFtrator of men and
affairs had ' won the approval . and ; commenda
tion of every officer with whom he was brought
EECOED OF EEGIMENT
IN THE PHILIPPINES
i you' know: what that" meant? •; It was a ¦ most'
Interesting: , court j In its , organization. •. - It ¦ con
tained four .'Americans and. two: Filipinos,* with
appellate Jurisdiction of every. species of, all the"
tribunals throughout all that Interesting archi-i
pelago. . and - : ; there i he t stands '- to-day, "r the I ex-*
ponfcnt of 'the 'Judicial life : and nower. of ".the
nation,'- the ! upholder; of ; American ; law^, vindi
cator of American Justice, 1 , the man upon whom
all others of those people shall depend In! years
to i come . for . the ¦ realization < of , that . sense ¦ of
Justice/ of -• right "and. 'Of * truth, /which shall ¦
brlnr ¦ them.: at 'last Into' civilization./. When
the ¦ army; and : tha ' soldier i shall have " passed'
away, this. great- tribunal,'' and those -.who, shall
succeed" It, ..will; be*. the progenitors, of >. a ?new.
and, grand system: of i. government, that? shall
light up the hot sun* of the equator and. make
thjm cool and i dispassionate os the cold" Arctic
light.; that ': lies • underneath'.- the : circle ' of ; . the
Arctic. : eeas.^ (Appla.UEe. )"¦ „'..•.,• ' • .
¦-. With -all;, this,"! he .ts*but ; 43 years of. age.! In
the ! full .vigor of a glorious and youthful man
hood; I with | a : hope, j like I a pillar | of ; fire I before'
him, ',: he has ; come : hpme ', to i us," not . puffed 4 with
the sense of 'the glories that have ¦ fallen i upon
him,';, thinking < nothing : of > the I halo .with ; wh Ich :
h'Btory,' shall surround'; his ibrow, . but the -same
gentle^ kindly ' natured.t sweet-tempered ¦. "Jlm".s
Smith. ]' (Applause.) v • . . ,7
' , ; No I man .who " knew him In the old time, - no
man 1 " who '• ever ' : took ¦ his ? hand -,¦ then and met
; him .' to-day,* :. who ; did - not -v> know, , his ; history.*
, would " d ream ' that - behind : that i hand -. was - such
a l record.^ behind i those ; eyes \ such a ml nd that
had ' worked i," out - eo '.' many* difficult '•.- problems. 1
that, : -. an; attorney j of ;law,; ;: from '.his desk mnd'
from the - court t. he •* could * march t Into", a - new.
world ! a nd be ; great , soldier, • great , financial ad-;
mlnistrator, ; and -i at* last 1 , great : Judge. v ;
i- v - Gentlemen "j of r. San "J Francisco,' ~ you "do • not
knowi half; how < great ! this y fellow is: ¦i ' (Laiigh
, ter • and applause).*; "* You ; do ; not realize : It,*". but
tl-o . time ' will i come/'. 1 1 fondly i believe and ; hope,*
when i history : w 111 writ* :» his i record,"- and In
the twenty-five I br> thirty • years \ of • lit e* ; that t re-.
rnnln'to him 1-haveino doubt that hla wisdom
and | his ithovght I will I Illumine -.those • sultry j re
gions and - bring ' light and ¦ life and strength . to
tho r American { people. -,'j\: - ;.-¦ . . ' - : ;
. '» On • your . behalf \ 1 1 welcome him' here to-night.
¦ With \ the 1 heartiest ',' words >. that i, human X heart
nan i.v.aglne , or. that ' human* tongue can express
I wish | him ' on t your $ behalf* the t success ¦ that
we : know will >-be s his 1 when' he i returns ; to ? his
station.".' We shall ; follow : him > then ; as j we • have
followed him ' In' battlefield ' and \ in " civil ' admin
istration *and ¦; ln'i his " Judicial! career ; with . ever-
Increasing ¦ confidence < and . hope ; and ; pride."
V-[' General.iiii Collector.'i'fadministrator,'-"'Judge-^
you i have / so | many] titles ! I } know ' not -, by .which
more a fitly A to ;. address * you-^-but < 1 1 can • say. to
you that ; wherever, you 1 go,", under,, whateye» suns
your, lot \ rtiay i be cast, 1^. you ; will '¦ never.* flhd I mora
honesty manly . friendship than '¦ beats in • all our
In contact, and among all the 'volunteer regi
ments there assembled no officer had attained
a loftier station in the opinion -of his command-
Ing otticers than . tho ' guest of : this evening.
(Applause.) -• - . . ,--.-_
In February.'-: 1800. : by • command :- of » Major!
General E. S.< Otis, commanding "¦ the . forces In
the Phlllppinea. : he » was taken f rorii • his regi
ment to a wider field of duty as commander of
the district of Negros. • In that difficult position
he maintained himself admirably.-: H!s record
went on to Washington and on the 25th day or
April of that year the President of the. United
btates commissioned him a brigadier general
cf volunteers, and he was approved" hy; the
Senate of the United States. (Applausf.) -vt :
Onthe 1st of July- his powers were still'fur
ther Increased ; he was - made, not .' merely a
military ruler of * that district, but Us civil
governor as well, and that duty was so faith
fully performed .that he remained there reduc
ing to. peace and order that turbulent portion
of our new acquisitions under the equator." un
der torrid heat, under winter rains,, with all
the pestiferous actions and conditions that; sur
rounded the life of the soldier, and. when that
,work was done there was opened up to him. a
new field. *Tifow<ju_n l n urii in, m _ j> «Vai«iBi||jii;j|r»i
The Government called '. him to ; Manila" and
made him the Collector of Customs ; for * the
entire archipelago, with seat of government at
Manila. Do you know what that meant ?^"D*
you know how much there was to combat. in
the Bvetem that 'had prevailed before. In 'the
condition -tWaf surrounded, the army.- of ¦ tho*e
seeking to live upon the army. ' of ¦ the frauds
that were attempted . to be • perpetrated ¦' upon
the Government, and which his vigilant admin
istration and constant eye made impossible and
gave tn his administration as pure, an clean,*
and as powerful a one as could be had In tha
imperial city of New York? -(Applause.) r "
GUESTOFHONORATCITIZENS' BANQUET AT PAX»ACE ; HOTEL AND
SOME : OF ;THOSE WHO PAID POST-PRANDIAL. TRIBUTES TO . HIS
PUBLIC SERVICES IN THE PHILIPPINES.
AS General Smith arose, a storm of ap T
piause ; swept," down.- the. long; line of :
bariqueters.v It y lasted minutes ;. and
was ; a • whole-souled "welcome ; that- was ]
more I personal" in character than any
other feature , of "the • evening.' General
Smith- spoked as '.follows:," , . . . .
•" ' Mr.' Toastmaster and Friends: I do not know
what ' to say; to ! all " this. > One [ would • be ' made
of nickel or of; the original adamant not to teel
if all., -Not -to .* feel,*. 1 alter ;th«se 'three' years,*,
being ; once " again ':¦ among - the : friends , where
he has ' lived • his i youth : and - tn« . best , years : of
his t manhood. . to return i once : more to i ttnd that -
even ', the '¦ lapse ; of \i time ; and ' of ¦! distance ? has
made no change in that greatest of human sen
timent " among ; men, t the friendship. ' the :¦ loyal
friendship of one's, friends.'; (Applause.) :. > ¦:-¦
Vr.Yet 1 can: but 5 receive; all : these magnificent
tributes Uhat' have! been 'paid to me simply as
the concentrated tribute to laOO men who made
up -that ; splendid » organization^" known * as . the
'."OalltOTnlar Volunteers." 'J;- (Applause.)' 1 can
but 5 received It ' in. trust 5 and ; as , ihe : representa
tive, : the •_ commander., of i those ¦¦ men " who - car-'
ried ? r the >gun." * 'Ihe • otneers -. did ; their . duty ; as
,th|?y». understood ¦ It. :¦ 1 hey ,- had. volunteered
1 with I the •; pure. -. «entlment v of - patriotism,- it ¦;. is
true,^ but > there =; was ,'. the -; inducement of -am
bition,' of rank ' and •, of 'station. But > the ' men
. who • carried > the ¦ gun , and iwho • drew ¦ $15 OO of .
: the : Government' s - money . every : month - had no
incentive cave ' that - of -pure ; and v unselfish" pa
triotism. (Applause.) .', - •¦:
r, -'Those, of you who were hero on'. the 25th day
of ; May, 1 " I&jH, i kno w.'.what ? volunteerms ¦ meant
to * tile L poor . fellow -.who "> carried*; the ¦- rifle/ the
knapaacK -. and v the .. blunket. ; --; Ha * tore ; himsei t
.from 'wife and from mother,' from:lovlng;slsteri
and from home.1 from' everything ;that m«n who
are worthy'ot*. the name of men-hold dear.: 'And
¦for;whyT>M.Wlth a: prospect 'that he'would iay
his 3 life '. downi on 'i foreign > battlefield; - that » hU
body -would J be ' Interred- in : foreign "ground. : far
away," not • only ' from* the ; country' that owned
him,: hut ? from- the ; loved • one8 "bo "dear ' to his
hearty And he did r that all for country. .- It can
not be charged f that 'he ,was. willing ; to take the
chance of | his II f e to sacrifice " the ? Interests • of
his home and hla relatives and. those who were
dear . to . him \ tori ambition's ; sake. - or. for - selfish
motive.^ for I there - was j none."- . - If } he i did great
deeds s upon i" tho ? battlefield. -;¦ he -: did «: them f in
conjunctioniwlth "i hl3 * fellows,- and they .' were
lost' in ' the aggregation/ the glory of the entire
regiment:" He', returns \ to * hla ¦ fellows ( with no
Indication k of ; all r that i he ; has ¦-. performed ; for
the I pure ! and » unadulterated . love ¦ of ' his : coun
try. (Applause.) hi More than ,- that— those ¦¦.who
, wore the « straDS < and t commanded •. him • got *", the
glory, and the i fame for his | Individual < achieve
ment, and . I would ! feel • mysel f worse than re
creant i to-, the 1 trust '; and ,' to ; the confidence ' that
that ¦ noble i organization ' gave ? to i me ; did i I ¦ not
say t. hero J on •, this /.public of .- all the
glory that has come. to me, of all the honor that
is l mine, i that ¦ If I there ' be s aught * of ; success, it
was J made ' and * created ', by -* the S men and ¦>. the
officers ¦• whom "• I •: had ; tho honor ; to command.
(Applause:)ai. ,-,' "-. . " , " '¦¦¦: ;:
>¦.-. Beyond '* that. V I / am \-; the ; ";. mere ,? accident i of
chance. Tithe .' * shaping.; of * circumstances," "v; the
gathering | together, of I what '' proved to be divine
Providence {to I me/iwhlch | made l Impos
sible.^ Other i men i of » far,, greater, ability;' and i of
far ' greater.', possibilities , < than' my who
Judge Murasky read letters from Gov
ernor, Gage and General S. - B. M. .Young/
commanding . the Department of Califor
nia,', announcing , their regret at being
unable' to ' be present and render . honor to
Generar Smith. ; ,
7 James G. -, Maguire responded to the
toast, -r "The - President " of . the United
States." He spoke of "the patriotism of
the various dwellers in the Whlte.House.
He paid a high compliment to the gallant
conauct of General Smith and the men of
,the First ' California • Regiment and said
that - the - sons of California . had - reflected
as much honor on the State as had any of
the ; citizens . of other . States. Judge.Ma
guire ' ' aroused v- enthusiasm by lauding
President' Roosevelti-. who, he -'declared, 1
was a •. man of the people and a "worthy
successor of George "Washington,- "doing
the right as*, he sees it and with God's
: General W. R. Shaf ter. received a rous
ing welcome." when he. arose to reply to
the -toast' of "The -' Regular Army." •- ¦ He
told- of the . history ot > the army , of the
United States from the time v it was
formed, one^ hundred -and • eleven; years
ago. .: "i he guests sprang to their feet ami
¦ cneered : the '"-speaker' when he declared
that /American soldiers had never -sur
rendered ¦ to , toreign troops, • with but ¦ one
exception, .and • tnen \ the officer ; in ' com-,
mand was '•¦ court-martialed ; and ¦ sentenced
to r be shot. » | In "closing his [ speech ¦ General
Shatter .thanked - General i bmith ; for : his
valuable services in the recent war and
predicted that he woula be . as • victorious
in the future : as i a member ! of . the Philip-*
pine juoiciary as he had "been as a wearer
of ! tne" shoulder, straps of an American
otflcer.iw30ntl*flr'" S* l "i? > *WMSB8B9BBWP*
= Chief .Justice i.W. - H. Beatty responded
for /.Vine Judiciary," and . said that -the
legal profession • was proud • to number . in
Its ranks, so < distinguished a man > as Gen
eral "Jim" ; Smith.-. ,,Tne jurist dwelt on
the ' career *of the guest of , honor ¦ ancksaid
that aa« a: lawyer, :: soldier, admin'strator
anu a • Judge ; he reilected credlf'to his
fcstatejand country und would; attain still
higher > honors. - ' '
¦j; 1). -M.~< Delmas spoke to the toast "Gen
eral,' Governor, , Judge.", ."¦ He said that' to
have attained: any -one of these positions
would, have ' satisfied, the ambitions of
most men/The guest of the evening, how
ever.i; had c proved ' of - such , sterling stuff
that he , had occupied each of the exalted
' stations '¦", successively : even as a young
, man ; and', his -; career promised < still more
exalted honors -as hls'rewards. He. said
.thati'Judge Smith .would ;be an inspira
tion* to - the younger.' generations of - Call-'
:f ornlans « and t a - matter of ' State t pride ; to
the " older, 1 ¦- and ? " that . . California ; had • no.
terms " in vwhich to >. express her; esteem of
her* noble '•son. ': " ¦ «
n;T. I T. Williams , responded - to the ; toast
"The T Press,"'/- concluding - with - a ,- humor-*
, ous ' defense * of '.'yellow : journalism.". -.": r,-.'
1 ' Mayor ; Eugene < E. . Sehmitz spoke briefly
of; San "v Francisco.' : He ' related -with what
pride"^the;city greeted: ltsisorf .who had
achieved ' so ; much : renown, and * how .well
deserved; the hoifbrs were. He.made.ref- ,
Says Their Sacrifices Gave
the Leaders^ Yheir
Opportunities.
REMEMBERS IWEN
OF HIS COMMAND
Eminent Speakers Contribute
to Pleasure of the
REFLECTS CREDIT
UPON THE STATE
, hearts ; to-night, and shall : beat as long as
. hearts . shall" throb, on the soil of California. _
(Applause.) ¦; . •_¦ ..';¦ ¦ .'..., '' - -. '. '
had prepared themselves by years of hard labor
to achieve by those abilities of which they felt
themselves possessed the honor and the glory
to which they were entitled, never got the op
portunity. -, Circumstances did not shape them
selves r to come their way. Let me tell you,
without any assumption whatever,' that .the last
three years of my life has made me a humble
man. .^(Applause.) 3££j£^S)33P9tftXf;.' - •
'.Let me say. however, that with all that It 1»
awfully: pleasant to receive the praise ; of your,
friends, ' even - though In your ' inmost soul you
feel ', that' you ¦ do ; not deserve it; not because
you feel that the praise is empty, . but becausa
you know that the friendship of your friends is
so loyal that in you they can see little of de
fect and much of perfection. ' ., .,
¦ - I appreciate It with all my heart. I am grate
ful ¦ for i It. ; Nay," the word gratitude does not
express" 1 it, . and > if • there be aught in me. my
only prayer to divine Providence,, is that I may
be gifted by divine Providence; to achieve the
good things which have been said of me here
to-night. \ (Applause.) * • , ,-
lie patronage, and what the guest of to-night
has received, and what he shall receive, In
tribute, comes from honest hearts full of sin
cere affection and unbounded ¦ respect. (Ap
plause.) . . - : - -.¦•.'--•:.•.. ..:_
I knew Judge Smith when he came to the ;
bar in ltiSl. a young man scarcely 23 years of
age. He had had no extraordinary training
for the profession, but he marched steadily
and faithfully onward, with the respect of the
community and the love and unsullied faith
of a large body of clients, j With that he had
qualities in common- with many other law-'
j-ers of . the . revolutionary time, of the War
of 1812, ¦ of the Mexican AVar. of the Civil
Wai- — for . many lawyers have , been prominent
as fighters, not merely in the courts, but in
the field '- where blood was '; spilled and where ;
glorious lives* went out in the - defense 'of the
principles of Government. ' ¦¦ ¦
This young > man. • like many of • those who
had preceded him, took a natural and lively
Interest In the National Guard. . Judge Hunt
has spoken to you of his growth and. progre?3
as a national guardsman, and! you all know
that ' when the formation of our • military sys
tem was changed, under the administration of
Governor Budd. from the old regimental for
mation of ' ten skeleton companies Into tha ex
isting form of the • United States army, ¦ regi
ments . of three battalions of , 400 men each,
this gentleman was selected by ,- the choice of
all the officers, and with the full approval of
an onlooklng community, to the responsible
position of colonel of that regiment. This was
in 1897. He had had only the theoretical ex
perience which ccmes from such a training as
he had enjoyed, but he' was fortunately sur
rounded ' and helped In the organization and
work of that military organization by a body
of raen in flcld and staff and line officers that
pubaequentliy proved themselves the equal ot
the otflcers, both line and staff, of any vol
unteer regiment that ever - went to the field
in the sen-ice of the country. (Applause.)
l*o one then thought of war. It was a part
of the organization of the Government, and os
such he went to the head of that military
body, discharging such duties . as th& occa
sion called for. ; Hardly a year elapsed when,
a month after the smoke of the cannon of
Dewey had ¦¦ turned over ¦ a new page in tlie
history of the world, first went out from our
western, shores this First Regiment on the
25th day of May. 1S9S. marching, as you have
been told, through the applaase and through
the drowning tears of mothers and sisters and
sweethearts. The young - boys of that com
mand marched full of enthusiasm, the joy of
the . coming battle ; flashing In every face and
lighting : every eye'. . On the sidewalks and In
the street - were - tearful - eyes and sobs and
cries and the groans at the ¦parting of loved
ones from those they left behind.' They em
barked upon their transport, and two or three
days -later 'she sailed out through the bay ac
companied by every : vessel that could turn a
whwl. and every • one who could go went out
to bid them a last farewell. . and we hung at
the Golden Gate and saw the good ship disap
pear beyond -th* horizon, and, we turned back
and beseeched Heaven with tearful prayers for
thel» safe return.
5LL honor was paid last evening: to
General James F. Smith, late com
mander of the First California Vol
unteer Infantry, who" was tendered
& banquet at the Palace Hotel by the
citizens of San Francisco and of th«
State at large.
¦yThen General Smith returned from, the
Philippines the plan to tender him a ban
quet was postponed, owing to the death
of President McKlnley. In the past week
It ¦was decided teat the honor 6hould be
given to the distinguished soldier and Jur
ist who has served his country so well to
the Orient and the affair was scheduled
to t^Lke place last evening.
"Within but a fe*r days- notice, the com
mittees in charge of the banquet received
the heartifst suppeft, and the gathering
last night around the festive beard was
one of the. most distinguished ever seen in
this city.
Men prominent In the professions. lead
ers of commerce and finance, the chosen
representatives of the people In local,
State and national government assem
bled to render a tribute to the gallant
soldier who led the sons of the Golden
fc>ta.te on the ba£tle!ield£ of the Philippines
and who has been rewarded by a grateful
country with the important duty of dis
pensing law as a Supreme Court Judge in
The far off island possessions of the re
p u bile. • *55Ssss5K!S!£
Tae large banqueting hail of the Palace
Hotel was tastefully decorated with na
'uional flags. The tables were set' In the
shape of a friaijt horseshoe, the "nest of
the evening and the speakers being seated
at the toe. of the shoe, while the rest of
t hose" present were '. seated In "three long
Unes that stretched the length of the vast
halt ,"-.-.; .
The colors of the First California Reg
iment an<?. Signal Corps flags were fes
loctaed gracefully on the walls, while the
tables "were aglow_ with candles and
banked with fragrant flowers.'
Judge F. J. Murasky presided and was
supported on his left by General Smith,
the guest of honor, and the following
gentlemen: Judge John Hunt, toastmas
ter; General \V. R. Shatter, Chief Jus
tice W. H. 1 Beatty, General W. H. Lu
Barnes, General George Stone. George A.'
ICnig-ht and AVUIiam Rix. . ;
-On the left of. the presiding officer were"
Mayor Eugene Schmttz. James G. Ma
guire, D. 11. Delmas, Judgre J. V. Coffey,
T. B. Bishop, Judgre F. 11. Angrellotti, Col
onel Thoirias F. Barry. District- Attorney
Lcvris Byington. Colonel H. L- Kowalsky'
and Colonel- .William- D. McCarthy. -.
At 8:15. p-.p. the .guests marched from
the maple (torn to the banquet hall and
for two hours gave attention to the re
past. Durinjr the " feast music was dls-'
coursed by an orchestra, while vocal num
bers -were rendered by the Knickerbocker
Quartet."
It was after 13 o'clock when Judge
Hunt, the toastmaster. rapped for order,
and in a felicitous speech introduced Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes, who was to deliver
the address of welcome to the guest of
the evening-. ¦ ,
The speeches of Judge Hunt and Gen
eral Barnes wrre masterly efforts, and
General Smith, in replying, won all hearts
by his modest demeanor and his insist
ence that not to him but to the men who
served under him was due the praise of
the citizens of San Francisco and. Cali
fornia. .
Judge Hunt's Introductory speech was
In part as follows:
Gentlemen, it Is given to few. to attain dis
tinction both fLZ a eoldler and as a lawyer.
The martial qualities of one do not usually
pertain to the other, but to-night we have here
a gueet who. was a valiant soldier, an able
lawyer, an upright Judge. Far be It from me
in hi«. presence to assert that an attorney and
counselor is lacking In j-hysical courage. The
lawyer'" field of battle is a fle'.d of strife and
liot a field of carnage, for. happily, the Jaw
bone is not a <5ead!y weapon. The eminent
lawyer seeks f«ne upon the field of the cloth
of cold : his poorer but perhaps none the lej>s
able brotljpr • etruegles for existence on the
field of the cloth of grub. Our guest was al
ways an able advocate. He wei a successful
one, too. In thU sense, that he never lost a
cas», although his client* did.
It. was - In the early hour* of a. morning in
2Aa>-, balmy In air. brilliant In sunshine, tha
streets a vast concourse, the irlndow« peopled.
every cocrt »D«i balcony and place of vantage
en the liae of raarch filled with all conditions
cf peopje. vcmen parted in 'the varied hues
of the -rainbow, line* upon lines at school chil
dren, the gU-lt In white firenses and their parti
colored ribbons and the boys with their* ra
£t&nl banners- every housetop and overy ba.1-"
cony radH«-t -with the flag of the Stars and
Stripe?, the Lufiness of the city hushed: Every
eye was. turned toward the approaching regi
ment — cur repimtnt — the First California Regi
ment. In the long rrarch from the Government
Tc*ervm*Jr 3 to the pier, buoyed up with the vol
kts6 of htr-.t, that greeted them throughout
L the line of rr^rch/ and at the head of this
velmest a« it s'.owly made, its way through
tie evrfiiiji rr.Ati es, dressed In a plain, ser
vcest!e soldier's euit, rode a' form erect, one
rhu In th-i wtv» ot th« greatest enthusiasm
tv/s city hae rfer witnessed remained txXt
pi*ed and •^U-corapofied. a worthy leader of
*. .vorthy host. And that leader, that officer.
t^s^-wirtJ'T was he who once was "Private
Smitl of Ccmpany T."
Says Tbat to Support of
Regiment He Owes
His Success.
Guest of Honor Wins
All by Modest
c . Answer,
,Men of Note
I Meet to Pay
I ribute.
GENERAL SMITH, SOLDIER AND JURIST OF PHILIPPINE FAM E, IS FETED
BY NOTABLE GATHERING OF HIS FELLOW-TOWNSMEN OF S AN FRANOISGO
Brilliant Oratory
Displayed at
Banquet
Enthusiasm Greek
Distinguished
Speakers. ¦
erence to the unsatisfactory condition of
the City and County Hospital, which, ho
said, was a disgrace to the munlciQalltv.
and expressed the earnest wish that
when Judge Smith paid his next visit to
the .' place - of ft is i birth he -would find &
cleaner, larger and better San Francisco
in every- way. " .:.;."•.*
. District Attorney Lewis F. Byington,
in his response .to "California and Her
Sons," dwelt eloquently upon the part the
State had taken in ' the Spanish war both
on land and sea, and his mention of the
Oregon was warmly applauded. I
Colonel TVilliam D. McCarthy, as a
comrade in arms of Judge Smith when ho
was colonel of the First California Vol
unteers, : paid his tribute to the guest oC
the evening. Colqnel . Thomas F. Barry
was fervid in praise of the volunteer sol
diery of the United States, and, Colonel
H. I. Kowalsky. spoke briefly but earnest
ly of the part taken in the war by the
women, of the country. '.. '
COMMITTEES IN CHABGE
OP THE ARRANGEMENTS
Men Who Sat at Banquet Table and
Joined in Tribnte to "General ¦
v V.l.-.. 'Q Jim/'.
The following committees were In chargs
of the banquet to General Smith:
Executive— Frank J. Murasky. chairman;
Colonel W. • D. McCarthy, vice chairman; Ed
ward Lande. secretary ; Colonel 11 L> Kowal
sky. Judge J. F. Sullivan, Charles J. Heg
gerty. Judge A. A. Sanderson. Judge J. C. 11. -
Hebbard, Frank -J.Fallon. Thomas. D. Hlor
dan,' Daniel Ryan ' and Joseph C. Campbell.
• Invitation— rFrank J.' Murasky, J. C. B. Heb
bar-1 and Frank J.* Fallon.
Banquet — H. I. Kowalsky, Edward Lands
and Judge J. F. Sullivan.'
Reception— Chief -Justice Beatty. Charles S.
Wheeler r Hon. Horace G.-Platt. General W.
H. L. Barnes. Judge J. C. B. Hebbard. Hon.
Matthew Nunan, 1 Gavin McXab, Thomas D.
Riordan Rudolph Herold. A. A. Sanderson.
Bdgar X>. Pelxotto, William M. Abbott. Colo
nel A. A. Andrews. Joseph Kirk. Hon. "Wil
liam P. Lawlor. Hon. Thomas J. Geary, Hon.
Henry E. HIghton and Henry Eickhoff.
Press— Judge J. C. B. Hebbard.
.Those who accepted Invitations were: ¦
. General James F. Smith, ' Colonel A. Andrews.
R. Porter Ashe, -William M. Abbott, Dr. Wins
low Anderson, Judge F. M. Anselldtti, R. M.
Amphlett. John P. Allen. Charles L. Acker
man. General A. W. Barrett, John J. Barrett.
Judge George H. Bahrs. Archibald Barnard.
James H. Barry General W. • H. L. Barnes,
Chief Justice W. H. Beatty. Colonel T. V.
Barry, D. W. Burchard. L. F. Bylnsrton. P. •
F. Bolan, J. , J. . Burt, John M. Burnett, E. P..
Barrett, Samuel Braunhart, .T. B. Bishop Col
onel *F. E. Beck. P.F. Butler^ William Brod
erick,. I; I." Brown. Captain George T. Bol- •.
linger. H. ; W^ Bradley, Judge Carrott Cook.'
Judge George : H. Cabanlss. J.' C. . Campbell.
Edward Cluln, A. Comte Jr.. T. F. Creighton,
S. V. Costello, P. Crowley, George D. Collins,
Dr Charles A. Clinton, John Caffrey, Max
Cohn, W. H. , Checkering, Judge A. R. Cotton.
Judge J. V. Coffey, T. C. Coogan, William
Cronan, John Connor, F. . J. Coster. Peter J.
Curtis. Robert H. • Countryman, Joseph , Coffey.
Dr. W. B.- Coffey, Colonel John F. Connolly,
Major H. E. Curaons, Colonel J. J. Dwyer, D.
M Delmas, H.S. Dlmond, F. J. Drury, Judg«
J. R.. Daniels. Captain J. F. Eggert, Henry
Eickhoff, Judge Oliver P. Evans, A.'C. Freese.
James F. ' Farrahen, Judge Robert Ferral. F.
J.; Fallon. Dr.- Gerald J. Fitzgibbon. Judge A.
J. Fritz, v Nathan Frank. F. H. Gould, John
H. Grady, Thomas J. Geary, Warren Gregory,
John T. Greany. Governor Henry T. Gage.. A.)
P Glannlnt. Dr.' A. -H. Glanninl.-. Thomas F.
Graham, ¦ Hum bold t Gates, R. B. Hale. H.
E. Highton, Judge J. C. B. Hebbard.
James M. " Hanley, J. Downey Harvey.
H. W. - Hutton, Hon. John Hunt.
Charles F. Hanlon, Rudolph Herold. I* M.
Hoefler, A- Heyneman, Charles J. Heggerty,
Dr. D. /A. Hodghead. J. C. Hughes. W. A.
Halsted. T. C. Judkins, WHllam H. Jordan.
Judge H. L. Joachimsen. Hush Jones. Captain
William K. Jones, Colonel H. I. Kowalsky.
Joseph Kirk, E.G. Knapp, Colonel George A.
Knight. F.J. Klerce, Paul G. Kingston, M. K.
Kast, Frank S. Kelly. Judge Curtis H. Llnd
ley,- Vi. 8. Leake, -James P." Langhome.
Judge ¦ William P. Lawlor, Rev. Fath
er - Larkln, C. ««W. Lynch, , J. J.
Lermen. E. R. -Lillenthal, T. J. Lyons. Judge
Percy V. Long, Edward . Lande. Dr. D. D.
Lustlg.M. Lauer, Judge Frank Murasky, Wil
liam McCann, ¦ Hon. Gavin McNab, Knox Mad
dox. Georsre W. McNaughton, Jeremiah Ma
honey. Garrett W. McEnerney, R. B. Mitchell.
\V. H. Metson. Judge James G. Maguire. Dr.
C^D. McGettlgan. Dr. William D. McCarthy,
Hugh Mclsaacs, William Macdonald, T. J.
Moynehan. 'Dr. -Max Magnus. J. J. McDade,
Dr. . T. - H. Morrl3. Colonel J. R. McGlnness,
Jacob . S. Mayer. Dr. Joseph J. Morrisaey.
Matthew Nunan, Charles G. Nagle. P. F.
Nolan, - J^-'-F. Nolan, T. I. O'Brien.
Fremlont Older.. Colonel J. C. O'Connor. Ores
tea J. Orena, Joseph O'Connor. Colonel Thomas
F.O'Nell.. Lieutenant John O'Keeffe. F. L.
Pritchard. CharUs L. Patton, H. A. Howell.
E. TX .Pelxotto. Key Pitt man, John J. Qulnn.
Charles Wesley Reed, ' Achtlle Roos. Dan . A..
¦Ryan.- T. D. Riordan, Sam Rosenheim. J. H.
Rossiter. Major '\Villlam.R. Robertson. Walter
H. Rr.b'.nson, Dr." Theodore Rethers, Mayor E.
E. ¦• Sehmitz. Frank J. Sullivan. J. C. Slm».
General George Stone, Judge A. "A. Sanderson.
Dr. - ,W." F. Southard, Judge* J. F. Sullivan,
Harry ; F. Sullivan. M. I. Sullivan. J, B.
Schroeder, George D. Shadburn. Frank T.
Shea, General W. R. Shatter, - Lieutenant H.
Stinitt. John Sheehan. A. Sbarboro. Victor. F.
Seawall. John 'A. Sanborn. T. '-E. Treacey.
James Tyson, General Trumbo, Alex T. Vogel
sang. T. C. ,Van . Neis. Chief of Police George
W. Wit tman.. T. J. -Welch. Judge Jamea A.
Waymire. Judge . Walter M. WHlett, T. * T.
WUltenia, Charles IX Wheeler, J. N.I Toung.
John P. Younr.
Golden Jubilee mardl .Gras.
Preparations are In progress for "t the
I Golden "¦. Jubilee Mardl Gras of the San
Francisco . Turn Vereln, which will take
place . at Turn Verein Hall next Friday
evening.' ;-More than 100 members . of the
club will take part- in the entertainment,
which has been arranged by Professor
Hans Goetz. The committee on arrange
ments "•_ Is > composed . of John Simmen,
chairman; William Plagemann, Max Due
no w, * Hans ' Goetz; ' G. A. Trost : Hans
.Veronl and F. Barthmann. The .following
will act as committee on reception:
• Captain Fritz Attinser, Frana Louis
Beck. -Maurice Frank. Dr. : F. Fischer. William
Gllndemann. Qeorcc Gehrkens." -Fritz Hacs
mann. Louis Hedrlch, ¦ J. Herbat, Dr. E. Her
wig." E. Holtum. F. Jacobl. August Jungblut,
Oscar;. Hocks. . C. - Kayser. F. Koramer. J. : J.
Kuehn. L. Lautermtlch. M. A. Lane Henry
Maret."^ Louis Markua. • L. Mayrhofer, Dr.* M.
Magnus, Charles \ Nielsen, . Henry Plagemann.
H«nry Plan*. , Dr. -¦ F. " RInne. Louis Roesch,
i Charles ,W. : Rebmann. -William Schroeder, • Jo
seph ; Straub."- Louis Thierbach, Captain John
Thode and Charles Wolters.'^KMgSBBB9
Patriotism Is Keynote
of the Various
Addresses.
SAK FRAN CISCO j STO^Y, 16; 1902.
Pages 2 9 to 40
Pages 29 to 40 j' Gill vArrado,-. a 'blacksmith, -.working"; at
the Union" Iron Works/ was struck on the
head, by.; a" trip' hammer.?. wh,ile * at "work
yesterday.. 1 He t was = removed ; to' the . City
and'County » Hospltal.lwhere Lthe 'doctors
found. that; his : skull was fractured.' - ! His
wife,- who ; lives . in .Oakland, i wa3 notified
of i her (husband's tlnjuries.t*rS?Sil3HHKffl
Struck' i by i Trip > Hammer;
'-, BOISE, Idaho, Febi 15.— A brief dispatch
to the Statesman froni Silver City," Idaho,
states that , two nien were ' i nstantly. killed
and another .badly, hurt i in . an ? explosion
at the ' Trade ¦¦> Dollar. ; mine - to-day; :. ' The
dead are. 13d "Barker and Albert "Nichols.
The J; exact ; cause -. of '- the • disaster : is i not
known,*- but - it ' is supposed . that -. a < powder
magazine exploded. Several . men ¦ were
overcome by .gas "\ while™ endeavoring" to
rescue ' their comrades. ' f '.
Two Men Killed' by" Explosion.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb." 15.'— Josephus Mona
I^esser, an attorney," who died ' suddenly
on'the steps of the Courthouse in Boston
yesterday.- was among. the leading attor
neys of this county fifteen years "ago: He
served two years as Deputy District At
torney. After locating . in ; San r Francisco
he .was a V3eputy. under Attorney General
Marshal!;. > Before coming « here he served
a. term as United States Dlstript Attorney
in New Mexico,' under • President ' Johnson;
Lesser a Former Santa'Cruzan.
- ; •• .When > the " case .". of ¦ "William;. Buckley,
convicted * of murder . in • the : first - degree
for shcoting and " killing ' George ""W. " Rice,
theVnon-unlon machinist; tX T Twentieth
and * Howard ;" streets on October -. 11, was
called j in Judge Lawlor's court- yesterday
morning ,¦¦ ex- Judge • Ferral :- asked for a
postponement V of ;the sentence,'- as he"de
sired:, to argrue ; a ' motion - for ai new. trial.*
He -f asked ; for e a' stay '"¦ till - n<»vt F»-idav.
.which .was ; granted. Moran will i also ap
pearj for sentence ; that ;'day.,The- trial -of
Charles ; Donnelly ¦ will /commence ' to-mor
row. . . • r^HHBM9l9BHSfattliM
Buckley's Sent ence Postponed. ;
CHRIST! ANI A, Norway, ¦ Feb. ¦. 13. — After a
year's complete reet.Henrik Ibsen nan so far
recovered bis health that his physicians have
sanctioned his resumption of. work, and the
dramatist bu started a new play.
¦WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.-The State De
partment has received cable advices con
firming the report that the ransom money
tor Miss Stone has been paid to the bri
gand captora.. It is net known when h*r
release will occur, but It is understood
that the brigands have made a condition
that they shall have a period of a week
or ten days in which to make eure their
c&fe retreat before the prisoner is deliv
ered up.
Ransom Money Is Paid.
CHICAGO. Feb. 15.— In the name of lib
erty. Archbishop Ireland of St. Paul de
manded to-night the passage of Federal
laws for the suppression of anarchism,
the enemy of liberty. Speaking at the
monthly dinner of the Merchants' Club,
the Archbishop ppeeillcd three kinds of
legislation to this end, each of which he
regarded as essential to the welfare of the
country. By the first, anarchist immi
grants must be excluded. By the second,
the life of the chief executive must be
effectually protected. By the third the
formation of plots on American soil
against the lives of foreign rulers must
be prohibited.
Archbishop Denounces Anarchy.
STOCKTON. Feb. 15.— The San Joaquln
River is rising and the water Is muddy,
indicating' .that considerable rain has
fallen in the mountains south and east of
here. ¦ ' ¦ ' - ¦¦ ¦< "¦¦"..
SAN JOSE." Feb. 13.— The narrow gauge
train ¦ from Santa Cruz was three hours
late this forenoon. A mile above Felton
three landslides were encountered' and the
trainmen had to clear the track before
the train could proceed. The rainfall in
the mountains last -night was the heavi
est in years. In the valley the precipita
tion has . been light. ." . -
SAN RAFAEL; Feb. 15.-In Marln Coun
ty the rainfall has been almost incessant
in the past two weeks. Streams- have
risen and bottom lands in many places are
ir-undated. At Sausalito yesterday, there
was a visible cloudburst and much havoc
resulted on the hillside. The precipitation
for the Etorm, as registered in" San Ra
fael, is 2.14 inches, making a total of
18 inches for the season. . ' .• ; .
Floodwater Inundates Marin Courity
Bottom Lands.
STBEAMS ARE RISING.
The quakes continue! at 1 Intervals: and
the work of excavating in' search of -the
\victims ' proceed -with; difficulty. ;, Among
the dead are J many- women, : ¦who,'" atrthe
time of the principal shock, : were >, congre
gated In the various" ba th, houses. .^:
TIFLIS,' Russian. Trans-Caucasia, Feb.
13.— Two : bodies 7 of : victims of * the . earth
quake which destroyed /'the t, town of
Shamaka had ' been • recovered ? up ; to last
evening. ;¦ ¦ It appears ' certain h that ' several
hundred bodies • are • buried . in '- the : fissures
and debris caused,by L the shocks. 1 !: : 'V
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. lo.-The latest
news received . here from Shamaka '¦ c6n
flrms the appalling character of the earth
quake at, the place. . and adds that' 300
corpses have already been." taken, out of
the ruins. ¦ The . piles of ' wreckage are so
vast that the search Is, necessarily; slow.
Most of the victims, were: Mussulmans.
The survivors are encamped r outside the
ruins of the; city. V i l >':'"-'( x -f: '
BAKU. -Russian Trans-Caucausia, Feb.
15. —The district;. headman "of ... Shamaka
telegraphs that, the . town 4 Is now. almost
completely, destroyed, only a dozen houses
being left standing, - and . that : the loss of
life was ¦'¦ very great." : The :¦ church,' the
mosque, the barracks and the treasury
were ¦ destroyed. , Twenty-five thousand
inhabitants are without food * and • shelter.
The shocks continued. to-day. .' ; ;
Three Hundred Bodies
Taken Prorn Euins ,
of Shamaka.
»¦*-' "On :: the, "night ? of i the % robbery,"^ soothe
deposition '< of Stone i runs, : ."Brockway : and
Mrs." •; Harris t left;, the Salisbury,'boardlng
hou6e,\ at'.i the 'corner- of \ Hyde. and. Eddy
streets," together. ', They > went' crta t ; to i take
atdrlve rand -Mrs.- Brockway 5 was in the
house at 'the 'time, they,, left:; Shortly, after
,ward", Mrs.j Brockway/ came / into ; a ; room
where Mrs.' Stone was .working andtplcked
up ; an • old ', white i fedora • hat. >i She \ seemed
excited 'i and "iwhen >" asked £ what vj she *? in-;
\ The < stories "tbld" by a those who i will .be
summoned -fas> witnesses in r'the :¦: case,
coupled:; with Brockway's ! shady ;reputa
tion : and • the ¦ Conflicting statements of t the
robbery which 'he ; made to; the ; ; police iat
the i time ' it T occurred," bear "out the ' state
ments . that he himself ; planned the ' hold
up., .¦,-¦':-¦ ¦;,•;.;•;.; ;y ,;•: ..,3.:V: :^~\'.: ¦¦A-.. ¦
;:: Judge Magulre and everybody interested
in.', the ,-suitv Have 'maintained" a: discreet: si
lence ; as , to the ; nature ; of the testimony
given-; by. Stone, -his Vwife and mother iwit
nesses i who * were examined; at' the : . secret
hearings held;in-: the 1 attorney's office;Fri
day, but last night the; detallsileaked' -out.*
Planned the" Robbery; Himself.
:¦ Mr. .and' Mrs.: Stone, having removed
an unfounded: suspicion -that they.: were
concerned in the; plot, were; released on
an order, issued by Judge Kerrigan with
out-being (subjected to the indignity cf
being taken , to the County: Jail. . ¦:::.
Brockway ..was .picked ¦ ; up > • on > Mason
street ' yesterday , ; morning' :* by.: .: Deputy,
Sheriff :,Hollingsworth and taken to the
County. Jail,% where" he .will remain until
he puts up a sufficient .bond to insure hia
appearance iiaj the. .suit -against ,him for
the recovery. cf; the diamonds. ; ,
, : In the ; deposition made byj Stone; • who
was a' former partner of Brockway, ;lt is
charged that the flatter,' his wife, : *Mrs.'
Laura E. '* Brockway, and' ; an i accomplice
named Campbell formulated - and carried
out' a clever plot which resulted' in Brock
way and : Mrs. • Harris . being : held up ¦ by a
•¦highwayman": and relieved of ¦ : all ? the
valuables they had on .their persons. '.The
"fake" highwayman;* so the 'story goes,'
t relieved Brockway of ¦¦ $400 1 in [ money sim
ply, as a ruse to allay the suspicions of
Mrs. -Harris, , his, companion on the drive,"
who lost her valuable diamonds, and Jew
elry. - ;; '..:•: >-.;>• -' :.v ¦ .:¦; ' .- ,: J : '¦' ": •¦¦i''''::v,i. . ¦ '"¦
¦ Sensational' charges against Charles " B.
Brockway, trance medium, '. clairvoyant,
hypnotist and > "any." old thing •¦ to , make
money," were _. made : Friday . afternoon ; at
Judge Maguire's office in | the depositions
of A. ¦ W. A." Stone and'! wife," who were
made co-'deferidants : in" the '; suit of ? Mrs.
I/. J. Harris to ¦ recover $3000 worth of ' dia
monds and jewelry taken from her on the
night of January 8, when ; she ; and ; Brock
way; were held 'up; on': the Ingleside road:
Suit ta Recover Diamonds and Jew
elry Causes Arrest of Medium
and Throws Some Light-"*.' ••-..
on Mystery. " -
Says Hypnotist Was Assisted
by Wife and Male
Makes Deposit ion That
; Brockway Planned
1 the Hold-Up.
Indications aro that a severe thunder
storm will follaw the present gale, and it
is Improbable that shipping will be re
sumed within ten days.
Roustoff was 55 years of age and had
been in thp' employ of the Lighthouse De
partments Of- late he had been working
for Hale & Kern, and was on his way
home from the sunken bark Henrlette
when he was killed. ¦ \
The one victim of the storm. Captain
Hans Roustoff, met his death In a peculiar
manner. He was walking along Twenty
flfth street, between Commercial and Ex-
change, when , a stretch of sidewalk 100
feet in length was completely overturned
by the wind. Roustoff was on the por
tion that was blown dver'and. was cruehed
beneath.lt. Within a few moments his
body was recovered from the debris, but
life was extinct. Roustoff was with. two
companions, but the other men escaped
with slight injuries. ¦»•"-;
The storm commenced at an early hour
this morning and constantly' increased In
violence. At 9:30 o'clock to-night the wind
was blowing a living gale, the velocity,
of gusts exceeding 100 miles an hour;
while the average velocity, was sixty
miles. The damage in the city is con
fined principally to" broken windows, sign
boards, and old buildings. Whether or
not the shipping in the lower harbor has
euffcred will not be known until morning.
No reports have yet been received, and
it is probable all the vessels at' anchor
there are safely moored.. Five, vessels
were reported in the ofilng a day or two
ago, but It Is expected they will ride out
the gale. ¦ .
ASTORIA. Or., I[eb. 15.— The Oregon
coast is swept by a "wind storm to-night.
In this city and vicinity considerable
damage to property has been done, one
life has been lost and shipping Is par
alyzed.
Special Dispatch to The /Call.
The commercial bodies of San Francisco
have at last been successful In their ef
forts", to get ships to- carry freight to
Manila without breaking cargo. A sepa
rate, direct line of steamers has not been
secured, but the Pacific Mall, Occidental
and Oriental and Toyq ,'Klaen companies
have arranged a Joint, schedule by whlclv
steamers from the three lines will alter-X
nate In trips to Manila, via the Japanese?
ports and Hongkong. . >
The Peru will be the first steamer of
these lines to sail to Manila. She will
leave here March 5, reaching Nagasaki
about March 29, Manila April 3 and Hong
kong April 5. The Gaelic will sail from
San Francisco April 8, reaching Manila
May 7. The Nippon Maru will sail May 9
and will reach Manila about Juno 7.
Under this Joint schedule th© stay of
steamers at Intermediate points ¦will b«
about as follows: Yokohama, twenty* four
hours: Kobe and Nagasaki, twelve hours;
Hongkong and Manila, twelve to twenty
four hours. ¦ . ¦.¦¦-• ¦ >.t
P. Muzio purchased the Alvarado-street
property two years ago.' The well had
been boarded -over- and the occupants of
the premises were entirely unaware of its
presence. The recent rains moistened the
earth that walled the opening to' such an
extent that a large bulk of earth slid into
the hole yesterday ' afternoon, and the
child, who was playing near by. .went with
it. Then Silvia, who witnessed the acci
dent, climbed down to a depth of twenty
five feet on the crumbled earth and suc
ceeded in bringing the body to the sur
face.
Little Amello Miizlo, three years of age,
lost his life in a'cavlng well at 22 Alva
rado street yesterday afternoon. The ac
cident happened [in the yard of the 'little
one's home, and Silvia Muzio. a 13-year
old ibrother, nearly sacrlfled his life in an
effort to save that • of the victim. "His
brave efforts went for naught, but he
dragged the body in which life was al
feady extinct to the surface within fif
teen-minutes after the earth had fallen.
Greenwood said the news was too good
to believe and he would not be convinced
of the truth until he had received the
cash.
Artcll Greenwood, a coachman In tha
employ of ilrs. Hearst, was the most sur
prised and the happiest man in town last
nignt v-hon he was shown The Call's dis
patch showing that he Is heir to a legacy
left in Yorkshire. England. Through a
search instituted by The Call Greenwood
was found at his rooms at 1415 Polk street
last night. The only clew upon which
th« eearchers had to work was the fact
that a photograph once sent home to
England by Greenwood bore the name
"Cramer, photographer. San Francisco."
"I remember the picture well," .said
Greenwood last night, "as it was taken
when 1 was 9 years old and I have not
had another taken since. I dq not know
enjthlng about the legacy, except 1 what
this dispatch states. All I can say is that
it Is good news, and if it's right it will
be my treat.
"The only relatives I had In England
•were my father's folks. I believe they
lived in Yorkshire, though I would not be
certain. I often heard my father, Joseph
.Greenwood, speak of them. They owned
a large boot and shoe factory and were
very well-to-do. My father was a shot
maker in this city, where I was born.
Later he moved to Redding and engaged
In the same business. I was reared in
Redding. My father died In 1850 and' in
1S32 I came to San Francisco, where I
have lived ever since. I am now em
ployed In the etables of Mrs. Hearst. I
have a eister, Mrs. Hattie Palletier, living
In Elmhurst."
REDDING, Feb. 13.— Artcll Greenwood,
*rho formerly lived in Redding, but who
ls believed to be now employed* in San
Francisco as a coachman, is being sought
as the heir to an English estate. The
only clew upon which the searchers have
to work was a photograph once sent home
to England by Greenwood bearing the
name "Cramer, San Francisco pho
tographer." In a letter received here in
regard to the missing heir the amount
of the legacy is not given, although it is
Judged from the tone of the epistle to be
& considerable sum.
Special Dlrpatch to The Call.
Three Lines to Alternate
in Sending Vessels
,to Manila.
Boy Climbs Down Well
' in Effort to Save
Brother.
One Life Is Lost in As
toria During Heavy-
STONE GIVES
SENSATIONAL
TESTIMONY
English Estate Awaits
Employe of Mrs.
Hearst.
CORPSES REST
UNDER WRECKAGE
"Long Henry" was a dead shot and had
killed several men. ¦ He ¦ was 'a- member
of the Curry gang. His most notable
shooting scrape . was ,' the : killing , of Ed
Starr, the famous Wyoming cattle rustler
and desperado. In 1898. Shufelt Is , the
youngest brother of Henry Shufelt, who
was shot <and- killed near 'Willlston,: N.
D., a few years ago by the editor of the
local paper. . : ;. v
Thompson '< returned In about ten min
utes and Shufelt shot him in the, temple
with a rifle. As he fell' to the floor Shu
felt leaned' over the bar and ¦. sent • four
more bullets into the fallen man's stom
ach. Shufelt then surrendered - to the
police. . .-, - : '¦;•¦ :
When Thompson, better known as
"Long Henry,'! came to town with $250
last night the I woman ' heard'- of it and
immediately, left Shufelt. • Her action
threw the latter Into a rage. He abused
the woman and "Long Henry" struck him
In the face. As the latter left the. saloon
with the woman .he said to the crowd:
"Look out for me when I come back;-l
will come a-shooting." ;;.••
HELENA, Mont.. Feb. 15.— Henry
Thompson, said to have been the -most
desperate character in Montana, was shot
and killed this morning at Saco by Eddie
Shufelt in the Valley saloon, owned- by
Duffy & Shufelt. The two men had a
quarrel over a woman named Georgia
Grant. , . . ¦
"Long Henry" Thompson of Montana
Loses His Life in a" Helena
"-.. Saloon. V
CHILD'S HEROISM
IS UNAVAILING
FREIGHT DIRECT
TO PHILIPPINES
STORM SWEEPS
OREGON COAST
COACHMAN FALLS
HEIR T0 RICHES
QUARREL OVER WOMAN
;V- : causes the shooting
>;¦ When . seen k last ¦: night A. "• W. . A. Stone
refused to ; discuss the : testimony embod
ied in •¦ his . deposition. .. He • admitted ¦ hav
ing, made a deposition.- but refused to dis
close the nature of it, on the ground that
the ' attorneys; had '-instructed him . to re
main silent. ¦,...:- ....... • ' .-
:, Brockway is the^man-who was arrested
last l week > for having defrauded •• one of
hls-hypnotic students out -of $53. .-..¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦.¦¦..
<: If Harris does . not . prevail ; In - her
suit to recover her,: stolen diamonds and
jewelry she will institute : criminal -pro
ceedings against : *~
>Mrs.',L.:J. ! Harris,' the .woman who lost
the -Jewelry is ; a" resident ¦ of *~: Louisville,
Kentucky. She is quite wealthy and ; owns
a, -: big r Interest : in the "OK.' 1 • Breeches
Manufacturing Company of that : place.
Her ; husband, who was a partner; In -the
concern. ¦ died . recently. She; came hero
last October, to spend the winter and met
Brockway in • a : social way | while . Interest-
Ing herself in occult sciences. ¦ =.. • " - ;¦- '.'.•
When seen yesterday .at the County Jail
Brockway; said : "I v. will \ prove myself In
nocent of the suspicion that I planned
this robbery. 'My lawyers have Instructed
me to keep silent on the subject."
»When first questioned about* the "rob
bery, Brockway informed the • police that
Mrs. t Brockway . was not " his t wife.' i > He
stated .that she was his brother's wife.
This statement has been . proven false.
Brockway.BO Mrs. Harris* attorneys say,
was: married to the woman in.Tacoma, on
November 16, 1898.. Every statement made
by>> Brockway concerning the robbery
tended to divert any suspicion that it, was
a result of a well-laid and neatly execut
ed plot. » ¦¦:;¦ '.: j- .-'•¦¦- ; ' , ;
Hypnotist's Conflicting Stories.
When Brockway reported the robbery to
the Mission police he gave the name of
Dr. Harrington. Later the -news of the
holdup reached: the ."upper office," and
Captain Seymour detailed Detective Fitz
gerald on the case. The . detective visited
the boarding-house where Brockway lived
and when he asked to see Dr. Harrington
he was informed that nobody bearing that
name, lived there. .Brockway was. finally
discovered | by • the detective, who disbe
lieved his etory from the outset.; Nothing
definite could be proven v against, him,
however. '• . ;¦¦•'. • ¦'¦ :
; The ; police arrested a laboring man
named John Kelly, who vehemently.pro
tested his innocence. : Brockway sought
to divert suspicion from himself by Iden
tifying Kelly as the man who held up him
and Mrs. Harris.* The hypnotist is alleged
to have exerted; his powers over Mrs.
Harris, and under a spell she, too; identi
fied Kelly. - . i , . ¦ ... ¦
She was not as positive, however, about
Kelly being: the man as was Brockway,
and later, upon reflection,' Mrs.. Harris re
fused to prosecute him. . ."-•¦• ;'- ; .
Captain Seymour liberated Kelly, who
had simply wandered into the vicinity of
the hold-up while on a spree. The: chief
of detectives told 'Mrs; Harris -that cir
cumstances threw suspicion In Brock
way's direction, and ever since, .with the
aid of her lawyer/Judge Magulre, she has
conducted a quiet" investigation, which
has resulted in Brockway's arrest.
Detective Disbelieved Brockway.
tended to do with a man's hat replied
that she wanted it simply to carry out
a -little joke. Shortly before Brockway
and, Mrs. Harris returned and told the
story of having been held up Mrs. Brock
way and Campbell , came back . to the
boarding-house. Mrs. Brockway threw
the hat away and when found later it
bore evidences of having been hastily
crushed and pushed into a pocket."
Very little bad been heard from him since
he left the State.
THE" SAN FRANCISCO , CALL', S UND A Y; 1 (5,1 902;
30
11 J^T^sh^l. " : Dr. Meyers & Co. use remedies that a-. '
m \ %V^"^K&*S^ i< y t entirely unknown to any other specialia
H \ t-<SE/&2^*:te%&- J ln the Wc3^- Tne Physicians have ha^ b
KJ \ a I longer experience and better training than Ut
II \ & x "¦ •?^8wC«SP ¦ ' / others. They are more able' to quickly t ',.'
W \<ftS OV Z^St?Kr'%5s/ diagnose a rase, and their treatment acts W
§3 v^i directly, positively and effectively. Th«y a
! Mj \ y - py ' ..use no poisonous drugs or harmful meth- M
m , ¦- ¦ >i^ <^«r-->^ '•• •-, ods.- Their treatment is speedy, painless 'H \
fa '^^- • i-*^ Their equipment is modern,, costly and',' SI '
II! Behind these statements are years of constant practice. Dr. Meyers' " '
g| are respected by the medical, profession as physicians of the greatest al
xa ity. They are the court of last resort in desperate cases where there is n ty
M • time for argument or doubt and where the best skill must be had immediate '¥*>
m vly. -Whether your case is severe or. mild. of. recent or long . standing v\fc- '
m should have the best attention, and it will cost you no more than any othcfT "
I Varicocel * Weakness f ¦<
H - It Is remarkable how some . of the . No ailment of man hrt n ». *^)t* f'\
1 relics of barbarian surgery have amnenc . 01 . man Dringa to, its I i
m come down to the present day. In ' victim greater discouragement hcoe- iS
M particular is this so with regard to ie3anf>3s and torrm- ?>,» '' T i'i
Kj the old-fogy method of treating vari- Ie3sne3s and terr °r than weakntss. |J.
m -cocele by inserting the ligature. Mod- In the large majority of cases weak- V
EM ern medicipe is scientific— at one:time „««.- <<> tnnnfl * n >».« *x. , ¦ .¦ w
Br It was empirical,. -, ¦.-. -, ¦ ness ls foun ° to be the result ; of an 1
Wi Dr. Meyers &: Co. are representa.- exhausted nervous condition imnov ¦,
ffl tlve of the progressive specialists, .^w^w; » * i i ' - 1 >t
i and in publishing.the results of their erished bIoo< J or a local derarfcement il\
investigations with- regard • of the pelvic system
« to the cure of" varicocele 'and other n,^ ti.***™ * ' fa
e|; nervous diseases j- they conferred a r trea _ tme nt restores vigor and §*
» . ! ST £t l 3 % ne^ t u P° n mankind. -->'..-. strength and tone3 up the entire eon V
W.V They; desire to meet those who suf- \ »i u " la « «n«r? con- w
i 1 fer from Varicocelo, Rupture. - Strlc- sm ? tl0R - A . clear •mind, ambiUon I
Smj ture, Prcstatlc, Troubles., Hydrocele and ruddy health are essential to hap- I
Ht' and the nervou3 diseases so often as- piriess. We could refer hv ™»rmtW-'i '
K sociated with -Pelvic Maladies. This -g lon to hmir»T I' : Cf »" * I
H will enable them to make a thorough n l hund red3 of successful men I '
Ea. examination: and to explain their who came to, us in -a state of physi- I
H' methods of cure;- . - cal and xr.ental collapse. I
H y'-> '•¦¦': '..'-'V V - r ,- • -73/fM/ilfHET STHEET.S. F. ' * *
g HOURS— 9 to 12, 1 to 4; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays. 9 to 11/ I
BOtiQ'S I Preserves Jams WS$^^^ ilnwrawS^iilS f /tinrfe I
I i icooifOOi JQHid CLEANLINESS, PERFECT FRUIT, PURE SUGAR, ricocIVdb, Jdlllb #C/^gy e> |]
1 3Ilfl JBiIIBS EXPERIENCE, and an IDEAL jar make our goods equal to 8R(I J 6 1 1 i 6 S Cr^ """^iS^^^^ I
% Strawberrv this statement we Want you to know that we; mean what "RT h-UOn the advice of his attorneys, D. Ed
ward Collins remained away from the
law office of William Lair Hill, where he
¦was to have appeared before Notary Pub
lic Sarah M. Steele this morning to give
his deposition. Attorney Richardson said
Mr. Collins wanted to go, but that he was
not satisfied that the papers summonsing
his client were correct. Then the attor
ney went on to inform the notary and the
attorneys on the other side why they
•were not correct. He explained that no
tice had not been served that the deposi
tion would be held, although his client
•was served with a subpena, and that be
fore they could proceed five days must
elapse before the proper notice could be
,given.
The new complication grew out of Mri
Collins' visit to the south. Notice was
served on him then, but not a subpena,
because he kept out of the way so that
his plans would not be interfered with.
On his return a few days ago he was
served with a subpena requiring, him to
appear to-day, but another notice was
not served on him. An additional notice
is required, as the first one has expired.
After a discussion as to the convenience
of Mr. Collins the notary and attorneys
agreed upon next Monday at 10 o'clock
as the time for taking the deposition.
"It seems strange that an officer of the
court, whose office is created by the con
stitution, cannot enforce his orders.
There may be no direct delegation of
power to him to punish for contempt, but
it certainly is implied by the fact that the
constitution provides for him. It has the
eflect of permitting an individual to set
u.-:de the constitution of the State.
"Mr. Allen did not give any opinion as
to the power of the Court Commissioner
to inflict punishment, as he confined him
self simply to the legal aspect of the com
mitment. Of course he didn't have to
give an opinion, and so we don't know
what he thinks about it; but we'll find
out."
The District Attorney's opinion was de
livered to the Court Commissioner by
Sheriff Rogers in person at 1 o'clock, at
which time Mr. Daniels was to have been
dealt with for contempt by the Commis
sioner. The Sheriff informed the court
that he could not obey the order to ar
rest Mr. Daniels. Mr. Babcock then re
set the matter until 10 o'clock Monday
morning.
"I will not know what we are going to
do until I consult Mr. Ach, my associate,"
said Attorney J. B. Richardson this after
noon. "It all depends on whether we
think Mr: Allen's view of the legality of
our proceedings is sound.
Mr. Allen's decision, summed up in
lay language, means that the Court
Commissioner and his legal advisers
did not proceed at all in the right
way. The District Attorney discovers
tuat the Court Commissioner, who thinks*
he has been conierred by implication
•with the same powers as Superior and
justices' courts, did not follow the pre
fccribed rules of tnose courts in regard to
the person In contempt, as he snouid
have done.
"In courts of record," said the District
Attorney in explanation of his opinion,
"where a person commits contempt th«
Judge proceeds by finding him guilty of
contempt, naming the cause and impos
ing the penalty, if the offense is done in
his presence. In the case of Court Com
missioner Babcock it appears from " the
papers that the defendant left the court
room betore he was found guilty and the
penalty imposed. That puts him. out of
the jurisdiction of the court. It is doubt
lul if they can get Mr. Daniels back into
the jurlsaiction of the court, now that
several days have elapsed since the con
tempt was committed."
The attorneys for Mr. Collins and the
opponents of Mr. Daniels, however, du
not think that the Court Commissioner
has lost jurisdiction over Mr. Daniels and
they are going to proceed to show that
he has not. The mode of proving this
assertion they have not yet determined
upon. It oay. be by writ of mandate or
the institution of entirely new proceed
ings, so that they can get the managing
t- tutor of the Oakland Enquirer into some
kind of a corner.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 15.
District Attorney Allen informed Sheriff
Rogers to-day that he need not arrest G.
B. Daniels, editor of the Oakland En-
Quire'r and party to the Collins-Pardee-
Dalton-Enqutrer suit, on the order of
Court Commissioner Babcock, who de
clared Daniels guilty of contempt for dis
obeying his mandates. The District At
torney finds that the proceedings and pa
pers in the contempt matter are alto
eether wrong, and until the attorneys for
Mr. Collins take some other steps to visit
the wrath of the Commissioner on Mr.
Daniels he will remain out of jail.
Finds Court Commissioner
Erred in the Contempt
Proceedings.
District Attorney Allen
Advises Sheriff Not
to Arrest Him.
LEGAL FLAWS
KELP DAHIELS
CO-EDS OF CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY ARE HOSTESSES AT BRILLIANT RECEPTION
HELD IN HONOR OF PHEBE A. HEARST IN APPRECIATION OF HER BENEFACTIONS
OCEAN . STEAMER. -
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb ; 15— Stmr Ktru
rlM. from Liverpool and Queens town. " ,.x "
deavor, • to", have the '/Intimacy ..cease.
Brooks '.was 20 years old and known as an
amateur athlete. ", '
.The preliminary examination 'of Thomas
G. Flaherty, charged - with ; the; murder ? of
Frederick ' Roller . in the 1 saloon of -W.'Uni-*
land | at 1 311 1 Franklin | street • on l the - night
of January 28,".waa continued before Judge
Conlan . yesterday.; The witnesses exam
ined .were < Policeman John : B. Charleston,
who arrested 'the defendant^ Detective *T.';
Dillon,^ whOj. worked • on ¦ the . case,? and • Dr;
Bacigalupl; ' who ; made t . the .'-: autopsy s on
Roller's 'ibody. 1^ ;The u case ; .went ; over ', till
to-morrow,:- -when "'. ¦witnesses - for'. the •' de-""
fense .will ..testify. . ' ¦':'..:
Flaherty; Murder '.Hearing.
. Authorities on parliamentary practice
who have * been considering this • rule in
sist' that . it Is one of the most stringent
rules ; ever . brought Into . '.- the ; House to
force through a measure without amend
ment. . It; provides only for such amend
ments in \ the - committee of the -whole • as
have been agreed upon by, the Republican
members of the Ways and Means" Com
mittee. These are mostly; verbal 1 and , of
little importance. According to a thorough
canvass that has been made this rule will
be adopted 'on ; Monday, » and* the war tax
repeal measure will be passed on Tuesday
•afternoon. Babcocki himself, 'who ; more
than. any orre else has been feared by pro
tectionists, it is now .said • will; offer no
objection to the adoption of the rule. - v ' "
mm niii iwmwnfmntinaitrfii-^'i*-"*"^ •r.y'-rf-^Otvw
Resolved," 1 That immediately after the.adop
tion of this rule and immediately, after, the
reading of the journal on each day thereafter
until the bill' hereinafter mentioned shall have
been passed/ the House shall resolve itself Into
a. committee of the ". whole . on - state . of ; the
Union ¦ for the consideration - of the bill to : re
peal the • war revenue . taxation . and for other
purposes;. that on February 18, at 3 p. m.y the
general debate shall be closed in committee of
the whole, when the committee shall rise ¦ and
report' the bill and such amendments as have,
been 'recommended by the Committee on '.Ways'
and Means, and Immediately the House shall
vote without debate or Intervening motions, on
the . several . amendments reported ' on the • en
grossment and third reading of the bill and on
final passage. . , .' V ¦-.*¦
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, . N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Feb. lS.^To- avert
any possibility of springing tariff revislgn
on the House in company with the war
tax repeal measure the high tariff steer
ing committee has brought In the most
drastic rule' ever presented in a national
hall of legislation, with" the 'possible ex
ception of the Crisp rules, by.' means .* of
which the Wilson tariff bill ,was passed. ,
The measure was introduced by-.Chair
man Payne of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, and will without: any doubt be
adopted on . Monday, as follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
It -}¦ is said ; .that ; Roosevelt will t hold
Sampson's order " of * battle was followed
up . to the --• time .the - Brooklyn made ' its
famous loop, < when it became a captains'
battle, in which • Schley - directed \ only, the
movement ¦ of , the Brooklyn; .", .-¦'.-. -.-
Captain rChadwick'. will be. criticized for
signing i Sampson's ; name :• to the . dispatch
which presented to the nation as a Fourth
of July, present the victory of the Ameri
can fleet at Santiago. It is also said the
famous loop i of the Brooklyn will . be con
demned: : ¦•¦ .:""¦..•:.: ¦ v- ¦ .--• t :it-~ -'1 •¦¦¦
£~ Secretary Long . argued : for - the s support
of 3 the '¦ decision ; of ' the , ; majority" of 1 the
court of inquiry, 5 . but. the President would
not " listen. ¦ -.The t decision ' probably will . be
made public next week."'-'-- ' : . . ¦
CALL BUREAU. liO6G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, v Feb. 15.— It. devel
oped that '.Secretary, • Long" ex
pressed his. strong disapproval of the po
sition taken by ; the President during the
Cabinet ' meeting yesterday when the
President^ read the first draft • of his an
swer, to Schley's appeal. Roosevelt, it is
now reported, will take a middle course.
.which will not be satisfactory to the par
tisans of either. Schley or Sampson. - ;
Pugillst "Dutch" Thurston had a nar
row escape from being murdered yester
day afternoon at the corner of Sixth and
Minna streets. He became engaged in an
altercation with a man named Robert
Ellis over his 'recent 'fight with Al Nclll,
and Ellis drew a revolver and before any
body could interfere he snapped it three
times In Thurston's fcice. The cartridges
were damaged and failed to -explode, and
because of this fortunate circumstance
Thurston is still able to enter the ring.
The would-be murderer was promptly
knocked down with a well-directed left
from Thurston before he could pull the
trigger, the fourth time. .Realizing that
Ellis, armed as he was,"* would have -A
shade the best of the argument If it went
any further, Thurston walked away from
the scene before the former regained his
feet. -.' {-i .
•Thurston* had been down on Sixth street,
where he formerly made his headquarters
when under the management ; of .Alec
Greggalns, to get a watch which he left
to be fixed at Pollsky's Jewelry store. Tha
prize-fighter then dropped .into Dawson's
saloon on Sixth street,' where he met El
lis, who was intoxicated. . The latter and
Thurston had been good ; friends, . but
when Thurston forsook the-management
of Greggalns, Ellis and Thurston had; a
falling out.
While drinking yesterday Ellis became
filled with the fancy that Greggalns .was
angry over Thurston's change of man
agement and he told the pugilist that he
never would have won a fight if ; it were
not for the sage " advice and • the wise
management of his affairs by Greggains.
Thurston resented the remarks of Ellis,
and the latter evidently fearing .that the
pugilist was going to strike him drew his
revolver and pointing It • at Thurston's
head pulled the trigger three times. :
, A large crowd gathered quickly, but
no - arrests . were made.
Dr. - Sweeney^ and " the ¦- police • put aside
the theoryj of; self-murder ; because * there ;
was "ho powder >. mark around the :-¦¦¦ spot
t where , the i bullet • entered " the * head. - Coun
sel has . been engaged by the ' girl's i f atherj
who : is f Fred " Burns, Iwell I known"; in sport
; Ing : circles : as ¦ an • announcer ' of i. big s sport
ing. ; events. Vr BrooksV father is a composi
tor, and . friends of the ' family ; say „ the
young; man" was infatuated -with- the .girl
and that the - family -was using- every; en-
A' negro bellboy;. identified the ; girt/as
one who came* to the • hotel with Brooks,
but Miss j Burns Jdenies - that she iwaa ' the
person and declares ¦ that she met Brooks
at his ¦• place ; of -' • business . early - ¦ Friday
evening, leaving him at 6:30 o'clock to go
to her home in Brooklyn.' > •/,*•.
Certain: it:is,« however, that Brooks arid
some young; woman 7 went; to the Glen Isl
and Hotel early Friday evening, register
ing as "J. Wilson and wife.".. It was mid
night when thelbellboy smelled gas in one
of the; hallways. :. :< Brooks' room ¦ was
broken Into and he .was found lying across
the bed .unconscious ¦ and .;, the gas - was
pouring; from; the; burners.. Dr. .Sweeney
was" summoned r and > noticed • what -he
thought : was • a , simple ; cut ; on '. the ; back of
the ' head."-..- Later i he » discovered : it was a
bullet, wound .and -Brooks' removal; to a
hospital'followed.i'JL-" ,
: The girl was, arrested at. her. Brooklyn
home. At the police', station i she • did * not
fllnchat the" examination through which
she was put,' maintaining. that she did not
spend I the night with Brooks. .The bellboy
however, picked • her out f from three wo
men > lined t up 'before him! as the .one who
had been at , the hotel. ' . . v ¦ 'l^\ y '. .,-
NEW '.YORK, Feb. 15.— Walter S.
Brooks, a young- commission merchant of
this" city, was. found "dying In a room: in
the Glen .Island' Hotel', West' and'-Cort
landt streets, last midnight,'. and after his
death, several hours later in a hospital,
the _ police v were : notified and :. took :;¦ in
charge '^Florence : ' : Burns, a handsome
Brooklyn glrl,'_with ;whom Brooks had for
some time been 1 keeping company/-''.
Robert Ellis Attempts
to End Life «of the
Pugilist.
Commission Merchant of
New York Is Pound %
WS& Dying.
President's Decision May
Not Satisfy Naval
' Partisans;! ;
Tax.
Drastic Rule of House for
-Repealing the War
AVERTS POSSIBLE
TARIFF REVISION
MIDDLE COURSE
WILL BE TAKEN
POLICE PROBE
HOTEL MYSTERY
The hall was decorated in an unusually
artistic fashion. Long stretches ; of . net
ting hanging in festoons: from the ceiling
were covered with red hearts of all sizes,
giving the room the appearance of a for
est of hearts— a bewildering, pleasing for
est. The windows were 'closely curtained
and the electric lights, hidden completely
by great poppies of red tissue paper,
students at the door and escorted them
to where they . were presented to Mrs.
Hearst and those with her. V
At the rear of the hall tables had been
arranged, where refreshments were
served by a committee under Miss Kath
erine Smith. The tables were surrounded
by ever-changing groups of pretty co-eds
during the afternoon. - \ - _
SNAPS PISTOL
AT THURSTON
BERKELEY, Feb. 15.— Mrs. Phebe
A. Hearst was the guest of the
women students of the v Univer
slty of California this afternoon
at a reception held in Hearst Hall
from 3 to 5 o'clock. It was the first time
the college girls had ever been the host
esses of Mrs. Hearst, and they had appro
priately selected the anniversary of the
dedication of Hearst Hall as the day for
that event. A year ago the big building
was given into the hands of the women
of the university for their exclusive , use,
and to-day they met again with the
donor in friendly converse.
The reevjtion was planned and carried
out by .I co-eds themselves. Besides
''-A. I - ¦ I
the guest of honor and Mrs. Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, they alone were present.
Throughout the hours of the reception
the lower hall, in which it was held, wa3
crowded. The new students, who had not
before met Mrs. Hearst, were -present in
great numbers and had the. pleasure of
meeting their benefactress and holding an
informal chat with her. .
At the opening of the . reception Mrs.
Hearst stood on a large Turkish rug
placed near the center of the hall. With
her were Mrs. Wheeler and two members
of the reception committee. Miss Grace
Woods, the president of the Associated
Women Students, and Miss Flora Baci
galupi, the vice president. Other mem
bers of the reception committee met the
poured softly • tinted rays on the scene o f
life and gayety below them. The decora
tions were planned by Miss Alice G. Bush
and executed by her. and a committee ap
pointed for, that purpose. 1
" The reception presented a scene of great
beauty, and its success was a realization
of - the hopes , of . those who had worked
for it. •-,- ,.,•¦' • -- ; ' ' ¦ '¦ "
,The committees of women students ap
pointed for the reception were as follows:
" Reception— Miss Grace-Woods, Miss Flora
Bacigalupl. Miss Grace A. McPherron, Miss
Elizabeth Herrmann, Miss Katherine Bunnell,
Miss Florence Howard. Miss Martha Rlce.Miss
Agnes Brown, Miss Ruth Berfr, Miss Alma
Stocking, Miss Ruth McOrew. Miss Cora Lewis
Miss Edith Schultze. Miss Bess Prlndle. Miss
Young Lady Students of Seat of Learning at Berkeley Meet Their Guest on the Anniversary of
•the Dedication of the Hall Bearing Her Name and Exchange Pleasant Greetings.
Licensed to "Wed.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— Marriage licenses
were issued at the County Clerk's office
to-day to the following: ~- \~ .
H. C. Casldyof Alameda, aged 21, to
marry Georgia.^. Fay of Fruitvale. aged
IS- Robert James of Alameda, aged 23, to
marry Edith B. Bradford of Alameda,
aged 20; Richard Barry of Paradise. Hum
boldt County, aged 43, to marry Mary E.
Barnes of Hay wards, aged 23; William
Kehoe of Oakland, aged 21. to marry
Mary Pullis of Oakland, aged 31; Richard
L. Lewis of San Francisco, aged 27/ to
marry Emeline "West of Alameda. aged 21.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Leona Barraza against Ascension Barraza
for cruelty. Julia Nolan against Michael
Nolan for failure to provide and Athena
Constantino against Cosma Constantino
for failure to provide.
Wives Sue for Divorce.
Elizabeth Bartlett, Miss Elizabeth Arneill.
Miss Portia Ackerman. Miss Nora Thomas.
Miss Hazel McGraw. Miss Tallulah LeConte.
Miss Alice Washburn. Miss Marie Weldon Miss
Alice Phillips. Miss. Georgia Cummings. Miss
Mary Jewett.
¦ ¦ Finance and general arrangements — MI33
Adele Lewis. .Miss Rowena Moore. Miss Mary
Putnam, Miss Ethel Clarke. Miss Helen Henry.
Miss Minnie Stephens. Miss Maude Wildes. -Miss
Una Call, Miss Annie McCleave. Miss Beatrice
Todd. Miss Mabel Lovejoy. Miss Mabel T)owns.
Miss May Walker. Miss Marguerite Campbell.
Miss Bess Pratt. Miss Georgia Rattan. Miss
Romllda Paroni.- Miss < Grace Barnett.
Decorations — Miss • Alice G,' Bush Mlas Sa
die Sturtevant. Miss Faith Shoup. Miss Grace
Swain, Miss Adelaide Bartlett, Miss Reubena
Jess. - ¦•¦ ; - ; .. > ....
Refreshments — Miss Katherine Smith. Mhw
Elizabeth Adams. Miss Hazel McGraw. Miss
Ethel Richardson. Miss Alice Graham.
Invitations — Miss Helen Henry. Miss Martha
Rice. Miss Grace G. MePherron. Miss Mary
Jewett. Miss Cora Lewis. Miss B«ss Pratt. Miss
Portia Ackerman. Miss Annie McCleave. Miss
May Walker.
Mrs. Annie Elizabeth Browning, a mil
liner 28 years of age, was found dead in
the Delaware House, at 1137 Market street,
yesterday afternoon. : The woman held a
gas tube in her mouth and death was duo
to asphyxiation. What caused the sui
cide Is a mystery, n - ¦ .
Mrs. Browning was tha daughter ol
Henry MIdgley, a well-known contractor,
residing at 933 Shotwell street. Ei&ht
years ago she married William Browning,
who is at present connected with a drug
company on Sansome street. Several
years after the marriage disagreements
came, and Mrs. Browning secured a di
vorce five months ago on the ground of
her husband's failure to provide.^ Since
then she has engaged in the millinery
trade, and only three days ago made ar
rangements to secure apartments at 131
Post street, where she intended to con
duct her business.. She .purchased furni
ture and carpets from Mrs. Osterman,
who conducted a manicuring parlor intho
same place, and was well supplied with
money with which to engage in the ven-
U So* far as can be ascertained Mrs.
Browning had no reason to end her life.
She was jovial and apparently had no
troubles. She retired at 8 o'clock Friday
evening and was found dead with the ga3
tube in her mouth late yesterday after
noon. In the room was found $126 50.
ENDS HER LITE WITH
- rLOW OF DEADLY GAS
The last seen of Morley alive was last
night at 10 o'clock, when he borrowed an
ax from Alanson W. Chute, a carpenter
living at 4202 Lusk street. He told Chuto
then that he needed the ax to drive a
stake, to which ' he was going to tether
the bull In the field near the carpenter's
house.
"I heard - him driving the stake," said
Chute to-day. "I v heard the bull bellow
ing, too, but as I had often heard it be
fore, I did not fear for the safety of Mor
ley. I had heard the bull was dangerous,
but Morley used to lead It about without
seeming to think that he would get hurt.
"I did not pay any more attention to
Morley until" this morning, when I *aw
the bull running and snorting about the
field win the stake dragging after him.
1 thought something might have hap
pened to the man. Pretty soon I saw th»
bull go to the center of the field and paw
something. It soon dawned on me that
it was a man's body. After some trouble
we succeeded in driving the bull away
and removing the body of Morley, for It
was he." _ . A ..
Morley's remains were brought to tha
Morgue, and it was discovered that the
bull's horns had penetrated the body in
two places, with suiflcient depth in each
Instance to cause Instant death. Tlie
\ clothing and flesh were torn In a cruel
manner. The mangling of the body indi
cates that after the animal had knocked
Morley down and impaled him, it had
Jumped upon his prostrate form with its
feet.
The bull was caught after some difll
culty and shot to prevent it from injuring
anybody else. Before it was finally las
sooed it threatened to break down its in
closure and attack some school children
who stood watching, its antics.
Morley's home was at 5*6 Forty-nrtn
street. He conducted a teaming business
and supported himself and wife.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call*
1118 Broadway. Feb. 15.
Gored to death by a mad bull— that was
the terrible fate that overtook Louis
Morley, 60 years of age. some time last
night in a vacant field at Forty-second
and Lusk streets.'- Standing over his lite
less and mangled body when he was
found this morning was the Infuriated
animal that had killed him. breathing de
fiance to any who dared to approach.
Neighbor Finds the Animal
Standing Over Victim's
Lifeless Body..
It Attacks Louis Morley
While He Is Driving
a Stake.
MAD BULL GORES
A MAN TO DEATH
VTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALfi SUNDAY; FEBRTJARY 16, 1902;
. • ¦ . . : ~~~^ - i •:.¦-¦ - ; •: ¦¦: ¦ ¦ ¦¦'..' ¦ >
SCENE AT THE RECEPTION TO MRS. HEARST, THE GUEST OF HONOR, AND A FEW WHO ASSISTED AT THE FUNCTION.
31
I •¦¦ ' B
i ¦ : - : . B| — m, ' ' : V - ¦ ¦
I '¦•",. • ¦ ¦ ":¦ - ¦ ¦- '- •:.--', B
I O
J ¦ ¦ - ; ; — — — — — .-H
I ¦'"'--'• - • ' - B
1 .Think this over very carefully. Q
g Isn't it better to buy a jjood second-hand piano for $75 or $100 than p
I a poor new one? ¦ SmB *B
\ Suppose you were buyinsr a house — suppose you found one to suit' B
I v.you — suppose^it had -been already occupied — would- the fact that it had -5
I ..once been '.used be a reason why you should spend more money for a g
i new. one or the samjc- money for a poorer one? ,
g A piano is -like a house— if. proven good, it's always good — and a% S
I V second-hand piano has proven its worth— it's stood the test. ?>
§ Of course we can sell you a new piano for $150 if you want one; we- J
a ".can /sell one as. low .'as. anybody, cfce, but you'lljoot be pleased. |
3 '-^ In. six months these cheap pianos lose their newness, look worse B
I than a second-hand instrument of to-day arid will wear but one-fourth Si
I One Second-hand $600 Chickerlng for .'. $163 00 n
j One Second-hand^WoO'.yosefor......... $335 00 q
I • i One 'Second-hand $425 Sterling; for...........:... $295 CO* g
I r One* Second-hand $600 De'cker; Bros, for {345 00 g
I ;One Second-hand $300 Martin for,.' ....:.........: ...$163 00 n
I -;• p - Several ¦ others,' • including , one'' Everett and one Klrnball. ¦ Q
I " ' ' ' v ' ' " 1 bI
i Ben|. Curtsz & Son, i
!• 16-20 O'FappellSt.jS. F. 1
I Branch Stores: San Jose, Fresno; Stockton, Alameda. a
¦BBBBBBflBflHBBBBBBBBBHBBflHBHBaaBSaBBSBaaaaiBaBB
Fine mahogany par-
lor table $i.35- 1
Special- |
50 couch covers, Per- 1
¦ sian and
patterns... ...$2.C0 s
j Special—
' Co pairs portieres,
Persian and Oriental
\ patterns ...$3.25
We furnish homes, hotels I
and rooming-houses -com- " B
., plctc. Let us estimate" B
Credit and free delivery in v
Oakland. Alameda and Berk- , I
I eley. We close at 6 o'clock, I
except on Saturday. B
T. Brilliant I
: FURNITURE CO., I
338-342 POST STREET, I
j Opposite Union Equare. gi : .' Fraternal Brotherhood,
v' A new - lodge • of *• th^e order .was organ
ized- in ; Berkeley" by - General Organizer
Lewis on the night j of | the 7th Inst On
the^same night' one .'was organized in So
noma by W.. N.' Crenshaw. ,
;On the 8th Inst the lodge in Haywardn
had an entertainment, banquet and
dance. : :"-. ,.. /:-<¦ ¦ ¦- -.- ?' '¦>¦,¦•¦•
There was a large attendance at the
open meeting '¦ of • Oakland « Lodge on ' the
¦7th inst, on the "occasion ipf a reception
tendered to President C. P.; Dandy. : Fouf
hundred • invitations were sent out to per
sons not members of the order.- The fol
lowing night President Dandy was a vis
itor to. the lodge hr Sacramento. *
Colonel Lonjj Division.
Colonel Oscar F. Long division of th»
Regular Army and Navy: gave a house
warrainff on the night of the 11th Inst la
celebration of Its removal from the Alca
zar to the Shiels building* The, members
of the division welcomed their guests in
true soldierly fashion, .and t among^ tha
many who attended were, the 'members .of
Garfleld Post of the Grand. Army • of the
Republic. - Under the management of J.
H Riley, Harry Walsh and C. Marvine,
the committee of arrangements, there was
presented a very pleasing -programme of
entertainment,- together - with ijf ht ; re
freshments, and all were- Informed that
there, was unlimited opportunity for, tha
explosion of hot- air.
of the Forest.
The social o'f Sherwood Circle- of the
Companions of the Forest, Ai O. F.. on
the -first Saturday of the 1 current month In
the Shiels building was well attended and
; proved a delightful function.^ The danc
lr.ff was under the direction of ;Mlss Alice
O'Keefe as floor manager,, who was as
sisted in the management or - the affair
by Virginia Rentzler. Kate Brldgeway,
Mrs. Severance, Tillle Meyers: and Mrs.
A. O'Brien. " : 2
Bohemian Circle has arranged for a
Valentine party for the evening 1 of the
15th Inst. in the; Social Hall of: the A. O.
-F. buJldinff. ',-; '• •' :
In '/view of the fact that the night se
lected, for the ; reception of Head Consul
Falkenberg' falls 8 -- on the -meeting night
of. Golden Gate ; Camp ..there . will not bo
any. meeting of that camp that night but
a special session will be held on the fol
lowing Wednesday.
' On the evening of the 6th inst. North
End Camp had a smoker and campflre In
.Universal Hall, on which - occasion - the
committee of arrangements presented a
very acceptable. '- programme of entertain
ment and all had a most pleasant evening.
There was a liberal donation by the camp
of. smoking material and a collation with
light .. refreshments , was served.
• California Camp, of the -Woodmen of the
World on i the evening of the 13th Inst. en
tertalnei its many friends in the banquet
hall of the "Native Sons' building with a
programme-^ of "dancing and a concert by
the . camp's "Hayseed • band," which for
the nra; time made music with its ele
gantly, finished and,, rich toned Instru
ments called brass zobbs. The music was
all ri&ht, and ; the performers, who werfe
attired as farmers, are entitled to words
of commendation. for the concert of pop
ular music they gave. - The ' dancing to
music of .the "orthodox kind was greatly
enjoyed by all.' - . *
' Woodmen of the "World.
The monthly social of Borromean Coun
cil.of theVJToung Men's Institute in Mis
sion Opera-hall, on the 10th Inst., was. a
success in every sen3e of the word. There
was an Interesting and entertaining pro
gramme of. varied numbers, after which
there was a dance until midnight. Harry
McCarthy ¦_ was the floor manager.
Yonng Men's Institute.
The Kative Sons.
Alcalde Parlor. Native Son3 of the Go,d
Ha" There waV a good attendance and
the reception co^mitte^^EmelloLa^
Mu^enN^feVh^fl^^cJair. g.
meSrshlJ^f r with EmeMe J^j««to
«<» nresldent and the other new pincers,
Spert. to make anWsually good show-
Ing during the term>-- 1
sion l' of the ceremonies ¦ Mrs. Bowley. in a
neat speech presented a handsome gold
badge . of .. the order - to Mrs. Annie • Page,
the retiring president, on behalf of the
corps. After a pleasing reply Mrs. Page
presented to the installing officer a, larce
bunch of rare roses and j to each of those
who ;were officers with her a bunch of
violets.
sion a choice P. I 2p a *Sons those who are
will be presented- , of tha
to contribute ;to enjoy elocution-
The great chiefs also visited Modoc
Tribe of the tribe In Fruitvale, being- ac
companied on that visit by about thirty
members from tribes of this city.
Altahmos : Tribe -is already, moving in
the matter of giving a banquet in the
month of August It has appointed, II.
Improved ''Order of Bed Men.
Court Zenith at its ¦ next meeting will
Initiate a class of twelve strangers.
Court Justice had • a • high Jinks • last
week In the Alcazar building.
On the 12th Inst Grand Sub-Chief
Ranger E. l.f Wolfe paid an", official visit
to Court Hayes Valley. In addition to
the membership of the court there were
present the membership . of Court Palo
Alto and . Court Aurora, together with
Grand Chief Ranger Heenan, Grand Sec
retary Cordy, Grand Recording Secretary
O'Brien, Grand Trustee Simon and many
members of local courts. TheL.new ritual,
was exemplified in good form by the offi
cers of Court Palo Alto, who initiated
three strangers for the sitting court The
work . was followed by addresses by the
grand officers and a number of the lesser
lights of the order. '
The valentine party and icecream social
that was given In the Pythian Castle by
the wives and daughters of members of
Court Seal Rock to the members on the
night of . the 13th inst was a novel and
delightful affair. It was under the direc
tion o.f Misses Julia Johnstone, EllaWll
klns. Mabel Troppmann, Mamie Kelly.
Edith Wllkens and Kate Kelly, and
Mesdames Willard Harris, Charles
Nystrom, H. J. Willie,' C. Berggren and
J. B. Reighley. There was a good pro
gramme of dances, the distribution of
pretty valentines during the grand march,
and during an Intermission there was the
presentation by Dr. Troppmann on behalf
of the court of a framed certificate and
a past chief ranger's badge to Ernest W.
Jakobs. the Junior past chief ranger, as
a token of appreciation and esteem. There
was an adjournment to the banquet hall '
Where Icecream and a collation were
served. • • ''.••¦. - " «¦ -•
9 The report of the general relief commit
tee, organized last October, shows that
between that time and the 9th of Febru-*
ary ten cases of . distress were reported
and that donations to the amount of 850
were made; that thirteen cases of sick
ness from courts outside of the city were
reported and aid to, the extent of $229 was
extended. I The receipts during that time
amounted' to $406 and' the disbursements
to $298. This committee, relieves the
courts of -a great deal of* labor and will
undoubtedly be of as great value In re
lieving the sick and distressed of the or
der who may be "caught unawares" in
this. city as are like/committees of other
and older fraternities.
i A new court, called East:Lake", has been
instituted in Los Angeles. C. J.- Nelk Is
the chief ranger and E. : J. Dakan the
financial secretary. - '.. ' '
Court Vendome at its last held session
initiated a, class of sixteen - strangers.
Court Eclipse will celebrate the nine
teenth anniversary of Us institution by an
entertainment. •' - - .
foresters of America.
Christian Frederick Sommer. past royal
patron of Crescent Court of the Degree
of the Amaranth, who is an attache of the
War Department, has been ordered to
Manila, for which post he leaves to-day
by the Warren. A number of his- friends
In the court, wishing to show their appre
ciation of him, on the 14th inst. had him'
attend a meeting of the court, at which
time Royal Patron George L. Darling on
behalf of these friends presented him a
beautiful gold watch charm. It is in the
form of a Masonic emblem, made of three
leaves that open on a hinge, and on each
leaf there is in enamel the particular em
blem of the variou* branches of Masonry,
with which he is connected. This was fol
lowed by the presentation to him by Mrs.
Dunn, who was royal matron during his
term,- of a silver smoking set." Mr.-Som
mer has many friends in this city, who re
gret that duty takes -him from their
midst. • -. . v. .. -
Amaranth Presentation-
There was, as usual, a good attendance
at the entertainment that was given on
the night of the 12th inst. In Odd Fellows'
HrII by the National Union Social and
Literary Club, and all enjoyed the excel
lent programme that was presented for
their. entertainment- E. H. Hills of San
Francisco Council was the presiding .ge
nius for the evening, and an excellent
chairman he made. The programme was
followed by dancing.
At the session of Golden Gate Council
on the 11th ingt. D. E. Besecker, who re
cently retired from the office of president
of the council, was given a token of the
council's admiration of him as an officer
in the shape of a pair of diamond-set link
cuff buttons. The presentation i speech
was a very complimentary one, calculated
to impress the recipient with the high re
gard in which he is held by his fellow
members. . •
National . Union.
The grand officers are still in the south
making official visits. Noble Grand Arch
Godeau and Grand • Secretary Martinoni
In company of John Brutadella of Salinas
Grove paid a visit to the grove in Guada
lupe in the Masonic Hall of that place,
where the grand secretary and the. nobie
grand assisting, Initiated three strangers,
after which there was much said } by . the
visitors and members of the grove for the
good of the order. A banquet at the:Ho
tel Europe followed. The ! following .. day
the grand officers left for Los Angeles,
and when they arrived there were re
ceived by a committee that showed them
the sights of the - southern ' metropolis*.
They visited Morton, the French . grov«,
in which the noble grand arch has man/
old-time friends, and the meeting was a
most pleasant one. Three candidates wer«
initiated by the officers in a most satisfac
tory manner. Under . good of the . order
the noble grand arch addressed the broth
ers in French and he was followed by th«
grand secretary, who spoke in English,
both addresses being well received. They
were followed by District Deputy Fallan
dy, who gave a short history of' the grove,
which was organized In 1886. It Ib now
In a very prosperous condition, and; its
membership Is of the best citizens of the
French colony. On the evening - of the
12th the French colony of Los -Angeles
tendered Noble. Grand Arch. Godeau a
banquet at the swellest restaurant In the
city. It started at 8 o'clock and was
brought to a close at 2 In the morning.
The guest of honor was welcomed by J.
Fallandy on behalf of the colony, and he
made a feeling response. . He was fol
lowed by Dr. Vlolo, Grand | Secretary
Martinoni, who is the traveling compan
ion of the noble grand arch, and several
others, who responded to toasts. L"eon
Curtet offered the . health of "Papa"
Goustieaux, a. prominent and highly rc-
Epected citizen of the French colony of
San Francisco. This was " responded to
with three cheers.
At the meeting of Hartnagle Chapter J.
Palmer was recommended for deputy su
preme arch, vice Goller.
membershlp ofHartnagle Chapter, the,
various' clrcleB and the Past Arch Asso
ciation In Golden" Gate Hall on the after
noon of the 23d inst. A fine order of ex
ercises by first-class talent will be offered
and there is every reason to believe that
there will be . a large attendance , to - wit
ness this, the first joint service for the
dead ever, held by the order in this city.
I^^Wbmaa's--' Relief ? : Corps. ;
; ; *The following named j, were ; installed • as
the officers u of I General . George ; G. Meade
Corps, ;W.- R; ; C, by.- Past President Mrs.
Flora E; • Bowley for the current term :
Mrs." Grundy, i president; - Jennie Goodwin,
senior, vice . president; Mrs.. C.,L. .Boell,
junior, ' vice . president; Mrs. ., Annie Page,
chaplain; ; Mrs. Florence Dermody, secre- ;
tary ; | Miss ; Bertin,' treasurer: Mrs. ¦¦ Bessie
Johnson,' conductor; Mrs. Miller, assistant
conductor ;". Mrs.' ¦ Massey," • guard;:.-- Mrs.
Bert In, assistant : guard. - At the conclu-
; ; V.'Ancient Order ; of Workmen,
!>Franklin:Loclge;;No.'44; A.-. O. •¦ : TJ.-'W.\
which : f or . nearly a' quarter ', of a century
met in f the I western; hair "cif the^Shiels
building, has made a move, having taken
quarters in the Sonora Hall of the Pioneer
building. • It held 3 Its = first . meeting there
°n,the 6th instant. -;< In future it will 'meet
on: Thursday. nights; - '¦' f. / ¦
.Spartan; Lodge, at its meeting on the
5th <¦ inst; had nine candidates foriInitia
tion, seven . of this | number being . present
e< * r b y. Special : Deputy A. D.:Hawley.
.Valley Lodge. No.30 has elected the fol
lowing named as its representatives to the
Grand "' Lodge : -: ¦ Major M.' ; . J:. Blackman ,
William > Broderlck,- J. M. < Camp,\ i J. i H
Grady^- J. J. Hayes," C. ¦- E. ! Hunt,' - W. : R.'
Jack,)E. P. Joy. H.< J..Lask; T. H.^Lord;
A: . G. Lyle, , J. W. ; McCarthy," P. J>. , Mul
laney. S. ¦¦ D. : Thurston : and - Charles 15. 1
: Seven Pines Circle,* Ladles of the Granl
'Army,, will ; - give ; a*. Martha^ "Washington
party In the Aasembly, Hall of the Pioneer
building, on the 21st inst.", on, which occa
sion the I ladles twill I entertain 'their guests
withgood music and a' choice, programme.
Refreshments will be served "by the ladles,
who will be dressed in gowns of continen
tal times.'- *• ¦' ¦¦¦-¦>:•¦ -. ;¦, . - -
Seven . Pines ' Cfircle.
The Druids.
All arrangements have been concluded
for the memorial service to be held by
the local groves of the United Ancient Or
der of Druids In conjunction with the
1 Golden iWest Tent of the* Knights of the
Maccabees at its | review on : the ,4th Inst.,
lifter, a brief business session; had its new
officers installed by; State Commander S
W.' Hall, assisted . by George L. • Morgan,
and after the ceremony there was a night
or entertainment and merriment. The pro
gramme Included an address by George
Varcoe, ; P. C. ; selections by . the Golden
West Orchestra, vocal selections ' by J
C. Smith and Andrew Roberts and an ex
hibition ' of boxing by H. J. . Lewis and J
King. The tent showed its hospitality
by serving a« collation, light refreshments
and cigars. : .There was a large attendance
to enjoy, the evening's programme and
there were visitors from . San Francisco
Pacific and Oakland tents and one of the
tents : in Chicago.
/'After an interesting review 8an ; Fran
cisco Tent ! on the 7th Inst.- adjourned - to
accept an ' Invitation . extended by. San
Frarcisco Hive to attend > a ' social which
proved to be a. very interesting and enter
taining affair.' -¦.•' :••¦¦. ;.,-
Knights of the Maccabees.
:In a circular to be issued by the grand
chancellor he says: '"Special invitations
should be tendered. the representatives of
the press, , so «. that . proper .'• publicity be
given . and ; the general . public be ¦ inter
ested In our work, i* The - more : that ' the
world at large knows of our progress and
achievements and of the t nobility of our
alms the stronger will this < splendid fra
ternity .become intrenched 'in the loving
hearts of the people and. the greater will
become; our power for (doing good."
Grand Chancellor Calkin on the 13th Inst.'
visited the lodge at Palo Alto, on the 14th
he^waa with the one in Los Gatos and
on the 15th with Aval on Lodge at Santa
Cruz. He will during the week make visits
to lodges as • follows: February 17,-New
Almaden;" 18th, San- Jose; 19th, Watson
vllle; 20th, Monterey; 21st, Salinas,' and 22d
San Mateo: , •• ¦- • - •- -:. •..-•!»>? - ¦¦¦¦.¦'
I Hayfork Lodge No. 22$ was Instituted
by> W. C. Bissell of Weaverville at Hay
fork,; Trinity County,- on (the night of the
7th inst. H. C. Schultz will institute Etna
Lodge No. 230 at Etna Mills on the 14th
inst. .."¦-• "¦ , ¦ ¦• :: ;¦>¦•¦¦ ¦¦ ..¦.¦.':•¦-¦..¦¦-;.
Bay City Lodge conferred , the knight
rank in long form on a number of candi
dates last -week. " ;' -•"*•:):¦/
Knights ; of ¦ Pythias.
The >i entertainment that was given' In
Golden Gate Hall on the night of. the 8th
inst. by California Chapter, of -the Order
of the Eastern. Stat-. in aid of a fund; to
' obtain music : and music books \ for i the
boys' band of the Masonic Home, was at
tended by more than seven" hundred per
sons, including a 'large ' number; who, ;
though not members of the order, showed
their ¦ t appreciation of the movement by
their presence. After an overture by Ben
nett's Band and a short address by Past
Patron Charles L. Patton in relation? to
the organization of the band , a . few
months ago and the rapid progress It has
made, the juvenile band in neat uniform,
led by the 7-year-old drum major, Master
Foster, appeared and played an Introduc
tory.piece; after which there were- several
selections by the boys, who showed great
proficiency, considering the ; short -time
they have been under instruction. ~ In ad
dition there - was a recitation by >: Miss
•Kathryn. Krone;, violin solo,, '.Hermann
Gingg;- contralto solo, Lillian Wilson;
barytone solo,. George E. Ferguson; fancy
dance, Master, Clarence Browne: and' Miss
Edith Dlckson; xylophone solo, S. Sam
uel; cello solo," Professor , Franz : Myer,
and twenty minutes with the stereopticon,
presented by Edward ' H. .' Kemp, • who
among other views Introduced pictures of
Past«Fatron: and Matron- John -and; Mrs.
Tonningsen and- Past .Grand' Treasurer
Mrs. Isadora Horton, the founders of \ the
chapter. > After . that the members of the
'band gave an exhibition drill,-. which con
cluded by the. youngsters kneeling around
their drum major, uncovering and singing
"Nearer, My God,.. to Thee." The -band
then led. the grand march, Chief of Police
Wlttman acting as guide and marching by
the side of the three-foot drum major.
Ivy Chapter on the night of ¦ the , 11th
inst. had a short business session, during
which two strangers were elected to mem
.bershlp and they are to be initiated at a
future meeting. After, the close of:, the
chapter there was an adjournment to the
lower, hall,- where .there was inaugurated
a valentine party, and each lady and gen
tleman of . the chapter received a : hand
some love missive through Cupid's* agent,
The Eastern Star.
. At the last- held meeting of the Past
Masters' Association of the Ancient Or
der, of .United Workmen a motion was
made to change the by-laws so that none
of the past masters who are over 49 years
of age at the time of application for ad
mission , to membership shall be -entitled
to financial benefits. If this should carry
it, will •• not be put into effect until six
months after adoption, so all. past mas
ters «who are not members at this time
shall, have an opportunity -to. .join' and
participate In . benents. - • . ¦:' . • .
Past Masters.
Saxon Lodge will Initiate seven candi
dates at its next meeting. • ¦ ¦'¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ . ..
. Grand Dictator Archibald visited the
lodges in Santa Cruz and in Salinas | last
week. . ,¦¦ . . :v':c;-. : : - ¦ '¦-. -.¦ ¦ > ..
The members of Clinton , Lodge of East
Oakland after the ¦ business of the even
ing adjourned to the banquet, hall, where
an elaborate supper was served, and as
.they were about to enter the hall the
lodge of Odd Fellows, which meets In the
same hall, was closing. The members of
that subordinate were Invited -to become
the guests of Clinton Lodge. The Invita
tion was accepted and then followed one
of the most pleasant fraternal gatherings
that has been known in that place.'. This
shows that the knights are fraternal.out
side'of the' membership of the order as
well "as within It.~
At the last held meeting of the Past
Dictators' Association there was a mo
tion to make arrangements to provide -for
a funeral fund S so as to allow the bene
ficiaries of members of the organization
a stated sum on the death of a/ member.
The matter was referred to a committee
consisting of Sir Knights Abrahamson,
Joy and Johnstone. - ¦¦¦¦¦¦.¦
The officers of West Berkeley Lodge
were installed on the 8th inst. " ," ¦ ¦ ¦-¦ ¦
Yerba Buena Lodge is making arrange
ments for a public meeting to be held
next month. ,
At the last held meeting of Liberty
Lodge there was one candidate for initia
tion and three applications were pre
sented.
At the meeting of . Saxon Lodge of -the
Knights of Honor last week eight stran
gers were admitted by Initiation, a mem
ber was received by card and five appli
cations were presented. There were pres
ent Grand Dictator Archibald, the dicta
tor of Yerba Buena Lodge and a number
of visitors from Norman . Lodge. ¦.: .-
Knights of Honor.
Golden Gate Social Club, composed ex
clusively of the members of Golden Gale
Lodge of lhe Odd Fellows, on the even
ing of the :3th Inst. gave a banquet In
Delmonico's to the members, their wives
and ia<ly relatives. Each member, was
permitted to nave one" lady accompany
.him. Abou; cjii Fundred and seventy sat
at th-i prettily drecs-ed tables and enjoyed
a repast that had L-een arranged for by
the following committee: N. R. Doolit
tle, D. C Talbot, E. F. Fassman, G. H.
Marsh and A. E. Pinching. The guests
v/ere received by the reception commit
tee — J. H. Rosenberg, R. A. Wheeler, O.
R. Maclaughlan, I. E. Jarrett. S. -H.
Leitch, G. L. Blackwell, M. E. Dlebold.
AV. T. Webb, L. C. Mershon, F. W. Hen
derson, F. C. Evans, F. Lutley, M. TL
Ludlow, James Farrell and R. N. Weiss. -
During the supper an orchestra dis
coursed selections from operas and sev
eral of the latest and most popular airs,
and after the black coffee the company
was entertained with humorous stories
•and songs by the only Billy Hyncs and
vocal selections by Miss Jennie Larsen.
It was a banquet without set toasts and
-proved to be a "very enjoyable affair.
Among those present were: James and
Mrs. Farrell, J. M. and Mrs. Weiss, Wil
liam and Mrs. Burke, G. W. and Mrs.
Cummins, M. E. and Mrs. Diebold, M. O.
l and Mrs. Lasky, H. and Mrs. Prammer,
C. J. and Mrs. Ramberg, L.- and Mrs.
, Meyer. S. -M. and Mrs. Gunnan, E. J. and
Mrs. Lowry, E. C. and Mrs. Jorss, F.
and Mrs. Lutley, S. S. and Mrs. Balk,
Dr. W. A. and Mrs. Harvey, C. S. and
Mrs. Klmball, A. E. and Mrs. Cohen, Ed
ward and Mrs. Harris, J. G. and Mrs.
Gronbeck, C. B. and Mrs. Hyden, M. K.
and Mrs. LudJow, J. H. and Mrs. Rosen
berg, G. F. and Mrs. Rode. George and
Mrs. Williams, D. S. and Mrs. Hlrshel,
J. H. and Mrs. Uchtenstein. Louis H.
and Mrs. Kragren, C. M. and Mrs. Quen
lon, N. R. and Mrs. Doolittle, F. and
Mrs. Lutley, A. and Mrs, Williams. C. R.
and Mrs. Stone, Miss N. Eicker, Miss
Halloran, Miss I. Cleland, Miss Agens
IMiss Emma ' Da vies. Miss Bach, Miss
Benjamin. Miss Ella Hunius, Miss 'Julia
Larsen, Mi«s M. Ketels and Messrs. M.
Matson. G. W. Wright, William Pullen,
\\. T. Webb. S. W. Simmons. J. E. Kos>
ter, G. W. Cummins Jr.. Charles Jahn,
E. Frank. C. H. Davies, M. Ketels, H. R.
Rassmussen, F. C. Evans. B. Mayer L.
ii. Benjamin and G. L. Blackwell.
Golden Gate's Banquet.
i There is residing In this city at this
time George V. Cooklngham, a member
of the fraternity I of Odd . Fellows, who
was initiated into Poughkeepsie . Lodge in
the city of that name. New York, In May,
1842, so that next May he will have been
an Odd Fellow \ tor sixty years. . He re
sides here with Mrs. : Jane Bruce, ¦ his
daughter, at 1262 Jackson street, whose
husband Is a member, of San Francisco
Lodge No. 3 and is the father of -Mrs. A.
J. Wllllston. past noble grand of Mission
Rebekah Lodge, and whose husband is a
member of Cosmopolitan Lodge. Mr.
Cookingham has always retained his
membership in the lodge in which he was
Initiated. • r
Queen of blowers (tableaux); recitation,
"The Leper," Mrs. ' Alma ' Ulberg, with violin
accompaniment by Miss Edith Peters; domestic
scenes: (a) "Woman's Rights,", (b) "Don't
Tell Me You Won't: Waih" (tableaux) ; vocal
eelections: E. B. Duncan, barytone ',-, F. ¦ W.
Hicks, tenor; The Soldier's Dream (tableaux);
San Francisco Conservatory Mandolin Club, S.
P. Bonell, director; The Moon {tableaux); reci
tation. "The Parson's Fee" (tableaux) ; vocal
solo (selected). MIbo Alice Pullen; The Bou
quet (tableaux); instrumental selections: F. W.
Hicks. ' E. B. Duncan; The.-Burd Statue
(tableaux). .' ¦. . ; •'.".'• - ••<. •
C. N. Jansen, junior,; past .grand of
Western Addition' Lodge, was j on ; the '6th
inst. : presented^ with"' v a- very/ handsome
uinlng room table and six chairs- by the
lodge In appreciation* of his services while
filling the various positions : that led to
the 'highest in the subordinate. . ..
Mrs. Nellie Mitchell, president ' of the
California Assembly, of , - Rebekahs, an
nounces the following visits:' To .Sun
shine Lodge," Newcastle, February 19;
Aurora Lodge, Dixon, 20; Crystal Lodge,
Suisun, : 21; Relta Lodge, - Benicia, 22;
Brooklyn Lodge, East Oakland,. 24; Mis-,
sion Lodge, San Francisco, March 8; Ivy
Green Lodge, Woodland, 10.
Loyal Rebekah, Lodge will give an en
tertainment and dance in • the assembly
hall of the Odd Fellows'- building on the
night of. the 26th, on which occasion the
following programme will be presented
before the dancing: ¦, • - . ; , \ ¦
Yerba Buena Lodge paid a fraternal
visit on the 13th inst. to Pacific' Lodge
and witnessed the conferring of the sec
ond degree by the officers of the visited
lodge, f ;..'.' . ' '¦; '- L '. <;.. ¦. \ ..;::;
A new lodge of Odd Fellows will'be In
stituted at Dunsmuir to-morrow.
The Odd Fellows.
¦New Century. Circle on ¦ the : evening of
the 6th: inst." had "• a snowball party in the
social hall of the Alcazar building tha».
was attended by as many as could crowd
into the hall. After the grand -march
snowballing commenced, and lt»was, kept
up until the supply of snow gave
out, and that was not until 11 o'clock.
There was an excellent programme of
dances-and the whole affair under the-dl
rection of Mesdamea E, H.'Zeissing, C. F.
Large, Bell Burton; M. Wilkins'and Sarah
Veverson was a great success. Mrs. H.
M. Lemme was the floor manager.
The next session of the Grand Circle of
the Companions of the Forest of America
wlll.be held in: June. > The politicians of
the order are already at work, and from
these are obtained the names of those who
would like to hold office in the grand body
during the ensuing, term. ' For the office
of grand; chief companion it is probable
that the .present' sub-chief, *\ Mrs. "H.
Worms, will be advanced; < for sub-chief
are named Miss A. Rogge of Wataonville,
Mrs. A:; Davis of Oakland, Mrs. J. H.
Krimminger of Los Angeles and' Mrs. N.
E. Smith of this city; for grand financial
secretary Miss Agnes D. Bremer of Ala
meda will be In nomination without oppo
sition/it is. thought; still some say. that a
dark horse may be placed In opposition;
for grand -recording secretary, Mrs. At
wood .will retire and Past i Grand . Chief
Companion Mrs. Emma Harrington," It is
said, will be named for that office (it was
thought ¦ at v one time , that Mrs. . R. Kemp
van Ee, the grand treasurer, would be ad
vanced -for sub-chief, i but there is some
doubt of her candidacy, and she will be
contented ; to retain the treasurershlp if
some one f does not place . Grand I Trustee
Miss E. Rappln in nomination against
her); for marshal, Frank X. Wallace of
San Diego, the ' Incumbent, may find an
opponent in; Mrs. Sarah Preston: -.Miss
Martha Pape Is mentioned for right guide,
and . Mrs. M. ; Melehan . of Petaluroa > and
Miss Mary Foye of this city for left guide.
There I is' some talk of advancing 1 Mrs. D.
O'Callaghan from outside to Inside guard,
while for outside guard E. H. Chamber
lln of this city has mention, as has also
Herman Cohn ' of, this city.' For grand
trustees are ¦" mentioned Sam Schweitzer,
Mrs. Sarah Beverson and Mrs. M..Thoman
of Stockton: It is said that there will be
a proposition " : to create two I new offices,
namely, grand organizer : and grand.lec
turer, ': provided ¦ the consent of ; the Su
preme Circle can be - obtained, .and that a
very modest member of Inter Nos Circle
proposes. to change from present member
ship ;. to . beneficial," - so ' as- to be elected
to; the Grand Circle and run for the "office
»of grand lecturer. . / ¦'-¦ ..-:.'
The indications are that the minstrel en
tertainment that is to be given under the
auspices of j the associated ' circles of the
Companions v of the; Forest of America Is
destined to be a great success, j Those who
are to '.take part in the same will hold a
meeting in. tne- Liberty Hall of the Alca
zar bunding: on the night" of the 19th insi.
. - Last Tuesday night Inter . Nos ± Circle
had a large number of its members In at
tendance to witness the. initiation of sev
eral candidates. There were also a> num
ber of visitors, including Grand Trustee
Mrs. ¦ Krftnminger of Los Angeles. The
visitors highly complimented tne work of
the --officers • and after the good of the
order there was a collation and then a so
cial hour. The event of that part of the
evening's entertainment .was a christening
party. A . 21-year-old "baby!' was named
and after : the v ceremony the "baby" wad
showered with' air sorts of .gifts- tnat are
suitable for a little one under, three
months of age. Then there was dancing
.until . mldnignt. , ' .. .:-,- ; . >
Despite the. best. efforts of Mrs. lu At
wood.ithe circle deputy, to maintain Pre
sidio Circle in standing, it -has decided to
go-out 4 of business U.ne ¦ reason .for. this
is that the majority of the . young . ladies
who were on the membership roll married
and thought more of home than they did
of "the circle. '¦ : " " :"'-.;-/ •' ,*
American Companions.
Worthy Matron Mrs. C. E. Tisdale. Then
followed an evening of dancing, which
was greatly enjoyed by all. This chapter
is now in the. social swim and It proposes
to make Its social events most pleasant
for-the members and the visitors. .
San Francisco Chapter will have a.
meeting on the 17th inst., when there will
be initiatory. work, followed by a; social
hour. ' • -¦'-,>:¦: :•; .-:.;. . - • ...... ; .. ¦-
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Giberson
will visit Petaluma's chapter on the 25th
inst. March 5 she will visit King Solo
mon Chapter, on the 6th the chapterln
kan, M ateo. -on the 10t,h Olive Branch, on
the 18th the one in San Jose and the 19th
the one In •* Holllster. She was to : have
visited Beulah Chapter next week, but at
the request of the chapter the. visit was
deferred to a date to be fixed.
¦ Past Sachem Seymour is at present in
Los Angeles in the interest of j the ordet
afld in addition to the work he Is doing
for Its advancement he is giving instruc
tions to the tribes in the various degrees.
"The. great sachem and the great keeper
of records visited Kaw-Wah-Nita Council
of ithe Degree of Pocahontas at Stockton
last- week; and after an exemplification of
the work' there was a banquet.. . j,i,- i '
Henry 'A. Chase, past great sachem and
representative from this jurisdiction to
the Great- Council of the United 'States,
died at St.. /Luke's. Hospital " on the
14th Inst. A few days : ago . he was
found insensible at the foot of the stairs
In the Red Men's building and when taken
up' was found to have sustained a fracture
of one of his ankles and of one of his
ribs. There was no one In the building
when he fell, but It is supposed I that
while looking over.tfie balustrade at the
third floor he became dizzy, lost hia bal
ance and fell. .In his- lucid moments at
the hospital he could not tell anything
about the fall.
Great Sachem Boyes and the great chief
of records have returned from a tour of
visitations to the tribes ; in San Bernar
dino, Riverside and Los Angeles. ' They
found them in a prosperous condition,
particularly, the one in Riverside. ••.
The ball given in Native Sons' Hall on
the 8th Inst. by the general committee of
the £an Francisco tribes of the Improved
Order of Red Men was a: pleasant social
function that despite the unpleasant, con
dition of the weather was attended by a
goodly number of members of the order
and their friends. The grand march was
led by Floor Manager John W. Kelly and
his charming sister,. Miss May Kelly, fol
lowed by Assistant Floor Manager Thom
as M.'Seary and "Miss Mabel Seary. The
programme was made up of twelve num
bers and three extras, for which there
was delightful music.
M. Blankenstein, J. L. Sanders and J. H.
Hutaff as the committee of arrangements,
with instruction to "spring a surprise on
that occasion."
The following named are now . guests
at the home; Past Grand President Eliz
abeth Spencer, Grand Secretary Mlsa
Laura J. Frakes. the Misses Caley of
Ventura Parlor, Miss Rose Larsen of Sut
ler Parlor, Mrs. Smith of Manzanlta Par
lor and Mrs. A. Webber of Las Lomas
Parlor. •, - . ¦.-/•"•
The following data relative to the Na
tive Daughters' Home will prove inter
esting to the membership of the order at
large. Contributions since July 1, 1901:
Alta Parlor. J5 monthly: Buena Vista Par
lor, $5 monthly; Ivy Parlor of Lodl. $5
pift; Pinole Parlor, $12 annually; gift of
$10 from Sutter Parlor. $3 from
Orinda Parlor, $10 from Belchling
Parlor. 57 from La Estrella Parlor, $3
from Vernona Parlor, through Buena Vis
ta minstrel fund, and $6 seml-annually
from Vendome Parlor. The following do
nations have been received from in
dividual members of parlors: Twenty
seven towels and two barrels -of pre
served fruit, jellies and the like from Ca
lifia Parlor of Sacramento: box of pre
served fruit from Amapola Parlor of Sut
ter Creek; check for $10 from California
Parlor. N. S. G. W.; two boxes of fruit
from Oneonta Parlor, box of preserves
from lone Parlor, package of towels, ta
ble linen, bed linen and a dozen teaspoons
from La Bandera Parlor of Sacramento;
pas regulator free for three months from
Gas Consumers' Company, salad set from'
Miss Larsen. barrel of mountain applies
from Mr. and Mrs. Schrierner 6f Eureka,
box cf preserved fruit from La Paloma
Parlor, box of groceries from Princess
Parlor, two rocking chairs from Mrs. A. J.
Turner of Jcaquin Parlor, two dozen forks
and one dozen spoons from Joaquin Par
lor; jelly rolls, cakes, pkskles and so forth
and jardiniere and pedestal from Miss
Emma Dellfe, Thanksgiving; plokled sal
mon, ducks, plum pudding. Ice cream and
Christmas decorations from friends; min-
Ftrel show benefit from Buena Vista Par
lor. . -.
NOBLE GRAND -OF TEMPLAR 'KEBEKAH LODGE; AND THE FUN
MAKER OF THE INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODD FELLOWS, WHO
- "WILL; APPEAR: IN, A MINSTREL SHOW. " V
':¦. '¦ ' ¦'•¦¦ ¦-.¦¦:•¦.'•:- ' '•'¦ \ V ' ¦ ''¦''¦
Las Torrosas Parlor of the Native
Daughters, which was instituted on the
14th of January, gave its Ilrst social in
the assembly hall of the Bed Men's build
ing on the 11th Inst. From a numerical
and social standpoint it was a great suc
cess, and no wonder, for this parlor has
in its membership an unusual large num
ber of young and handsome ladies, and
that attracts the young men to the social
feature of a panor. Jennie Stark was
the floor manager and Lillian Riddell her
assistant. The reception committee was
Misses Harrison. Koch and Quigley.
During the past week Grand President
Mrs. Baker, in company of Dr. Fariana
Bertola and Julia Moller, district deputy
grand president, paid an official visit to
Angelita Parlor at ' Livermore. The visit
proved to be a pleasant and Instructive
one. The following named were Installed
as the officers of this parlor for the cur
rent term: Miss Harp. P. P."; Miss Seg
hers. P.; Miss Doty. Miss Kennedy and
Miss M. Kevin, V. P.; L. AylWard, R. S.;
J. McKee. F. S.; G. Dougherty. T.; M.
Dougherty, M.; Mrs. M. Worden, O. S.;
Misa Gorner, L. S.; Mrs. Leonhart, Miss
McDonald and Miss Ponpeni, trustees.
The grand president also paid an official
visit to Joaquin Parlor of Stockton. Oa
the 12th inst. she visited Orinda Parlor
In this city. - - . -
The following named were the visitors
to the office of the grand secretary last
week: Xellie Creamer, Annie Ayers and
Bemie PeguilUan of Genevieve Baker
Parlor: Amande Hammerly, grand treas
urer, and her 6lster. Lena Hammerly;
Nellie Boeger and Mary Desroslers, La
Vespero Parlor; Sadie Qsterman, Sans
Soud Parlor, and Nellie Abrahams.
Native laughters.
s^-^ -_y EMPLAE Bebekah' Lodge has
¦^"^l" arranged for a grand enter
•;n 1 tainment for the night of -the
(V 1 19th of March in the assembly
\J»«-i-7 hail of the Odd Fellows*
' building. There will on that
night be presented for the en
tertainment of the friends of members an
old-time minstrel show, at which every
1 thing will be old but the Jokes and local
hits. The affair is to be under the aus
pices of the lodge named, of which Mrs.
Bessie D. Munroe is the noble grand, and
it will be under the direction of the funny
man ef the Odd Fellows. H. W. Osthoff.
•There will be old-time songs by profes
sional vocalists, solos and quartets, a
chorus to be arranged in a novel manner;
Baby Keith, a phenomenal whistler;
Keyna Beiasco, a wonderful dancer, and
the lollowmg fuhmakers: Mrs. H. W.
Osthoff. Miss Vina *A..ds, Ed Cameron
and Norros Parent, with H. W. Osthoff
as interlocutor. The entertainment is
in aid of the charity fund of the lodge.
On the 19th instant there will be a ¦ pub
lic meeting and 'entertainment: under the
auspices of Excelsior Lodge, A. O. U.W.,'
and Silver Spray Lodge, D. of H., in Ex
celsior Hall. A banner will be presented
to \ Silver Spray for ¦ having made- the
greatest gain ¦„ In membership within a
stated period. . . '— -
Forget-Me-Not Lodge will give an en
tertainment in. its hall on the night of the
22d inst. - ¦ y ¦-¦ ; -- •¦
A new Degree of Honor lodge will be In
stituted at Meriuian on the lbth Inst., and
the . foundation is being laid- for one in*
the -Western Addition • of this city. •
Unity Lodge, has chosen the following
named as its representatives to the Grand
Lodge : - James NV Block, H. Grimshaw,
E. Lawton, J. D. fciartln, William C.'
Riley,. William Tuggey, : A. W. Tuggey
and H. 'J.* Trowbridge. . : .
James Wallace and John 'Slater have
been elected as 1 the representatives j from
the. Grand Lodge. . Thomas Johnstone and
G. Mdsbach: have .been chosen -to repre
sent , San Francisco Lodge in the grand
body. F. J. Maguire and J..T. Blake will
represent Friendship Lodge. ¦'¦-. :¦¦-. ¦
Grand Foreman Freeman visited a num
ber'of the local, lodges last 'week, r
; - The San Francisco i extension committee
paid a visit to Olympic Lodge on the 11th '
inst., and it visited Hercules Lodge on the
14th. On the 20th that body, tog etner- with
many members of the . local lodges, will"
pay a^visit to Pacific Lodge in Oakland. Ej
Spartan Lodge initiated a class of five
at its. last held: session, and at the next
meeting of Bernal . Lodge a class I of fif
teen, will -be initiated. - .,,-•:
•Franklin Lodge No. ,44 held its first
meeting ; Ini-lts new hall v in" the ! Pioneer
building L on the . 6th \ inst." There was a
large attendance of members ' and during
Ahe evening the lodge was visited ;by. the
membership of Sts. Johns, Lodge and for
an ( hour '¦¦ or ! more | there was ( social enter
tainment- that was decidedly enjoyable.
This' lodge has r elected as its ; representa
tivesto the Grand i Lodge Ernest C. Stock
and A.'E.'RMsenbruck. . ... . ¦¦¦.-.;- .
'V The . representatives from Sts. Johns
Lodge ; to | the'-.' Grand I Lodge a are | H.; K.
:VVaterhouse and L." J. Nevers. • - -? •-
Thurston. Next "Wednesday.: night, .the
12th>inst.. there will be a stag party .in .its
lougeroom. .. ! . ¦'..-'
'Prosperity Lodge has elected the follow
ing named as its "representatives to the
Grand' Lodge: R." H.. McPherson, J. G.
North, J. L. Caulfield.J. A. Connelly and
D. '¦ Garrity. - A proposition ¦ to amend : the
bylaws of : thi3 lodge affecting certain of
ficers .was defeated. . .. ' ¦
The following 'named have been elected
as .the representatives of .Magnolia Lodge
tovthe Grand Lodge: C. v Bnnd, J. Cun
ningham,: F.T. Duncan.. S. Isaacs, A: F.
Fass, s M. H. . Mohrdick, H.' Stern sind
George P..\Vetmore. ->': . . o
The ' San Francisco extension committee
paid aXvisit last , week "• to San : Francisco
Lodge -and; there was much said for the
good of the older and of the lodge.
V, Eureka Valley. Lodge has chosen as its
representative to ahe Grand Lodge. John
T. Kidd.\ ;.:.:'/• ¦ . ¦>...¦'¦' v.i ¦•¦ ¦/ r • •'•
AS COLD IN THE ANTEROOMS OF MANY LODGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, J9O2. ;
Court .Twin Peaks. ". •
. Court "Twin Peaks of the Ancient Order
of Foresters ¦¦ will have Its annual chll-
32
Ruptnrefl men. women and children permtnentlj enred in 60 days without pain or tbi
illghtert lnconrcnlenfe by the "Fldelltj >r Mrtbod., - More than 20,000 people cured by thiiiy*.
trm. Call or send for our book, which contains a long lUt of recent testimonial! .from pttienti
vho n>celre6 Uxls treatment jean ago. The treatment U guaranteed because It Is unfailing la
Ite results. . . . ... . -.-<.--..
PROPOSITION. ' 1. . .
Tou or some member of your family may bare a ¦ Baptnre. Krery person drstres to be mad*
rtron;; again, and I take it for granted that you care enotifh for comfort and ai-nured aafetj
; sot to be en exception. I hsre a POSITIVE CUBE, and. will guarantee it In every Rupture
that can be reduced and held in the body dnrlnic the course of treatment. . ' : • -,
I will make yon* a square business proposition — rli.: If you will call at my Office I will ,
examine yon free ot charge and state. the exact amonnt that.lt will cost yon to be enred. .' Ton
.then sign an "Article of Agreement," wherein you promlsa to appear for treatment once earn
week, and then deposit the Xee in Borne bank and obtain a - "Certificate of Deposit" made payable
. to yourself, and when you can etand any and all necessary tests to satisfy -yourself that your cure
Is complete. THEN, and not until THEN, will the endowed certificate be accepted in payment
for the treatment. Were you to place $1,000 cash on my "desk before '-being, enred It would not
be accepted. You cannot pay until CURED. I hare conducted my practice upon this plan for
the past eleven years, and hundreds hare accepted the abote offer, ¦ ehd to this data there has
¦not been a single Instance where the money so deposited was not turned otw tome within 00
-days from the time of beginning . treatment. -" 'Tfri~rHMH1lfriWI**1t-V TsYlH b*''ll"*r i wrMirm'l
. i I am the Originator of this Core, and bare lnttrncted sereral hundred physicians, wbo are now:
conducting Offices In all pans of the United States, and all treat their patients upon the sama
. plau. There It not another Doctor, or combination -of docton, or medical lnitltute that will males
you the abore proposition.' ' ' ¦ * ; . :
I will be pleased to meet anyone afflicted with Rupture at my Offices from » A, M. to
- § P. HL, and Sundays from 10 until 2. - • > TEDEXJTT RU.KXUK.E CUBE. .'"T.4rt*s^Uj
r&Airx H. WHAT. X. 3>«_J5fl4 geamy Btr— . Saa TrsjotsoOt
ELECTfilGITY IS NOW THE
REMEDY FOR ALL AIL-
MENTS OF MANKlM
-. Dr.- / McLaughlin Gives Reasons for .the Popur
iarJty of His Methods as Compared
With Tfooss of the Physician.
HOW ELECTiyCITY RESTORES MUSCULAR STRENGTH.
Now that it is generally conceded that "Electricity Is life," -.or the basts
of life, says Dr. McLaughlln, it's a pretty good thing to understand why I
am so successful, and why_ physicians as a rule get so little ' satisfaction
from the use of electricity. , L
In the first place few doctors are experts in electricity. Many are abso-
lutely ignorant of its wonderful possibilities and know nothing of Its appli-
cation.
. ; ' The main reason, however, is the ; inconvenience. A doctor who treats
with electricity has to disrobe his patient. The most he will give Is fifteen
to twenty minutes to a treatment By that time the doctor is tired and the
patient Is Itired^ Say this is done three times a week for a month^ .Think
of the trouble and the expense.; It must cost at least two dollars! a visit,
. $24 a month, .and it takes more time* than iiT required to write a prescrip-
j tlon. The; doctor finds it a burden, and it's hard for the patient to come'
regularly. ' \
• 'Then .the 'result— fifteen minutes a day. for three days a week, gives the
patient three hours. of electricity per month, at a cost of $24 at least, while
by my method he gets six hours*, application every night while he sleeps. «o
I save him time and money and give him more benefit In one night than he
'gets from a doctor's, treatment In a month. >
... The great New Tork nerve specialist, Hammond, says that electricity
.must be given cdntinuously to get results.
-Professors Beard and Rockwell, authorities on electricity, say that "if
electricity could be given in the form of pills and powders its use would
increase a thousand fold." Bgjj^ , ..
"My system "is the one of giving a mild, continuous current for
every night, as the patient sleeps. .The nervous system drinks this in until
it has become slowly saturated with the life, it has been taken up so
slowly that it remains there and becomes a part of the natural force. This
plain, repeated "nightly for^ twenty or thirty nights, transforms a weak., de-
bilitated system Into, a mine -of energy, /where health Is evident In every
motion. - - : •
>*¦_•¦¦; 'My appliance is, put on when the patl«nt. retires;, he feels the gentle,
glowing current Instantly, and regulates* It to suit his taste, and then goes
to sleep like a babe and awakens in the morning refreshed and full of 'this
grand energy. This Is repeated nightly until he Is: welL •.'". . "_
'_'' I 'treat, my. patients Just as you.would a power engine. If a man is feel-
'ing.out of sorts, "lacking in Ambition and energy; If his nerves are weak,
his stomach giving. him no nourishment; if he has "come and go" pains,
: or 'feels badly ; in any way, • I ; know ¦ it , is because he Is low In electrical -
vitality. I Increase his electric supply; that sets the human machinery
going again, and away go his troubles.
T The human: body, like the engine, will go right when it has the, power.
I furnish the power. ;
If one Is run down physically I can make'hlm 'as vigorous as he ever
was, in his. life. If he has a pain, I will cure It. and neither trouble will
ever return. ¦.:'¦- "..:-¦. J ; ; . '. ¦;¦
-. 1 1 solicit -cases, where doctors have failed. Most of my cures are people
who have tried doctors and' patent medicines. -~ ;i
I have written a book, which Is beautifully Illustrated, describing my
method of curing disease. I will send this free to any one requesting it.
'-¦ This book is full of the things which encourage the full development of
.health -and vigor. Write for it to-day. ¦ • - "
P A I IT I H l!" I 5 c . War ° of med'ea 1 concerns of terin£ "Electric
fl N ? f? FrCC Thl % Of ?CP ls on»y « trick : to
UnU I lUll *?•%* a Package of medicine upon you C. O- D.
-.Write me tor an explanation o! the trick
dp m; c. Mclaughlin, W2 S^
OFFICE :HOURS_8 a. m. ; to; 8:30 p. "m. Sundays 10 to- LPension Attorney "Wilgus Sentenced.
Clara' Shortrldge Foltz, . attorney, and
counselor at law, practices In State and
Federal courts; civil and criminal depart
ments. Offices— 3d floor, Parrott building.*
A number of prominent Methodists froa
the East are at present In the city. Rei
W.'F. McDowell, D. D.. general secretary
of the board of educatlon\)f that churcli
and Rev. E. M. Mills, D. D., general sea
retary of the twentieth century fund, ar
from New York. Dr. J. F. Berry, edito
of the Epworth Herald, Is from ChlcagC
Dr. McDowell is at the bead of tha unl
versity senate of , the church.
The senate has general supervision ova
more than seventy colleges and school
of this denomination. Its aim la to se
cure a uniform - standard In the course
presented for degrees. The doctor Is on
of the leading preachers' of the denomi
nation. He will preach In Grace Churcli
corner .Twenty-first and Capp streets, thl
evening.
To-morrow morning at 10 o'clock therj
la to be an educational meeting at tht
Central Church, on Mission street, a
which the three distinguished visitors W"J
speak. The public is Invited.
vice This Morning.
Central Church at . Special Ser-
Eastern Visitors to Qccupy Pulpit of
yBOMINENT METHODIST
at the Coroner's office yesterday the- dis
appearance of - J. Prosch of 323- Jones
street. Prosch came here last November
from New York. He left Mr. Stovall's
place last Monday, saying- that he had a
severe cold and was going to see a doc
tor. Prosch is described as 'about 32 years
old, 5 feet 9 Inches in height, about -155
pounds weight; brown. eyes, one of which
is slass, and brown hair, . partly bald on
top.
A- new office has • been > created by Gov
ernor Yates of * Illinois. ", Its ' incumbent is
entitled , "orderly .to ,th© - Governor," . and
his i general duties : are 1 those . of t a detec
tive and .policeman.; ;\
v Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Harrold expect to leave
fori the , East in about two -weeks to remain
two ' months. ;•:.•: r \, •" . - ¦
The Cosmos Club, will meet' next' Monday at
the residence of Mrs." John' L. • Howard. :¦ -."--Y .^
The Monday Euchre Club waa entertained in
a . delightful i manner last .- Monday • by Mrs. J.
C. Hampton at the Palace Hotel In San Fran
cleco. T.he first; prise was won ¦ by , Miss May
"a? the next .meeting:, on 'the 24th,; the club
will' be entertained by Miss Belle Nicholson.
>The marriage of Miss Emma 'Walter ,'¦ and
Frederick Schulze Jr. . was solemnized ¦ at : the
home of the bride's. parents last Sunday after
noon at 3 o'clock. Rev. J. :H." Thelss officiating.
The bride is a daughter of O. Walter of this
city, . who has * been connected with ; the • ilrm
of H. S. Crocker in San Francisco for several
years.' •
The groom is a young business man of Oak
land, being, the son of Frederick Schulze. .with
whom -he is in partnership. . .'
The wedding was . a : quiet affair,'' only ' rela
tives having been invited. ¦ - ,
• The younf?;cofple are residing In their own
home at 1671 Ninth street.
. The - decorations were In red. hearts of that
color being festooned ! on ribbons all about the
apartments and over the supper tables. :
The game of hearts. was played, Mrs. 7 Julius
Ellis and Jesse Dlbert 'winning the prizes.
Clinton Delancy won the trophy in the - guess-
Ing contest. The score cards were dainty
water color ¦ sketches on ¦ heart-shaped cards.
Partners for supper, were chosen in an unique
manner. ¦ Red hearts, I on which the names of
the ladles present were written, were fastened
to a- screen, and the gentlemn, in turn, shot
at the hearts with a' bow and arrow. Among
the Invited guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Lowell
Hardy, . Mrs. Julius Ellis. Miss Marguerite
Warner. Miss Laura, - Ernestine and Anna Lel
mert. Miss ¦ Louise . Amerman, Miss Margery
Hamilton, I Miss Bessie Cotton. Miss Ethelwyta
Mills, Miss , Nellie . McVey. ; Misses Agnes and
Ella Thompson. . Miss , Ef fle Vance, Miss Oliva
Dlbert. • Miss Emmabelle Zucker, Miss Susan
Bird and Messrs. Fred Evans, George - Evans,
Clay Bun-ill, Clinton Delancy, , Frank Weber.
Hal and Chester Gorrlll, j Charles Harris, Jesse
McCargar, John : McVey, , Arthur Leimert, l>r.
Pomeroy, Bert Quayle, Arthur Baker. Thornton
Mills, Jesse Dtbert, Herbert' A. Smith, Guy
Reynolds and Reginald Goodsell. ' . •
Another charming valentine party ; was that
given last evening by Misses Winifred Warner
and Daisy Fitzmaurlce at the former's » home"
on Fifteenth street. ' . . ;
-The guests were: Miss Elsie Schilling, ' Miss
Edith Holt, Miss Rose Kales, Miss Katherine
Brown. Miss Ruth Houghton, Miss Sevilla Hay
den, Miss Rena Hoffman, Miss Alleen John
son, Miss Josephine Johnson, Miss Bessie Cog
hill, Miss Olga Hocksteln, Miss Johanna Volk
mann, Miss Juliet Mitchell and Miss -Adele
Fuelle.
After the luncheon a number of interesting
games were- enjoyed by the young people,
prizes ¦ being awarded to .Miss Schilling and
Miss Allen Johnson.
. The I luncheon to-day • was an elaborate ' af
fair, the decorations being in pink. Chains of
hearts were festooned ¦ from the chandelier to
the edge of the large round table, which was
artistically adorned with , bridesmaid roses
and small, - rose-shaded candles. On Miss
Schilling's chair a large bunch of violets was
hid with pink ribbon. The name . cards were
hearts, on which quaint colonial dames were
sketched. . ; ¦
OAKLAND, Feb. 15. — A pretty valentine
luncheon was given; to-day "by Miss Nadlne
Belden in honor of her young friend and school
mate, .Miss Elsa Schilling, who expects to
leave, for Europe about the 21st of next month.
Miss Schilling: will be accompanied by her
parents. Mr. and Mrs. A.: Schilling. I .
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY.
Dr. C. Renz has returned from Europe.
v Arrivals during the past week at Hotel
Rafael were: Mr. and Mrs. George Fritch,
Mr. and Mrs. Bailey, H. D. Scribner, Mr.
•and Mrs. W. L. Honnold, Mr. and Mrs.
M. L. Cook, A. Barnard, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Bullyerbach, San Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs. Frank .Barrett, Palo Alto; Miss
Helene Niedersheim, Oakland; M. C. Os
born, Santa Rosa; T. T.. Williams, San
Rafael. ? •
Miss A. M. Lehnert of the City of Paris
departed for Europe last Monday.
Mr. and Mrs. Schwabacher have re
turned from their wedding tour and will
be pleased, to receive their friends this
afternoon at the Palace Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. McKittrick and
Miss .Redmond left' for their home at
Bakersneld on Friday last. ¦.
Mr. and Mrs. James M. Wilson and Miss
Wheeler have returned to Montecito
after spending a week in San Francisco.
Dr. and Mrs. E. K. Johnstone are at
the Occidental.
Mrs. George W. 1 Hind has returned from
Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. Horry Meek of Oakland
are traveling in the East. -
Mrs. O. F. Westphal is entertaining
Miss Alma Heltman of Sacramento.
Mrs. .Joseph Redding is seriously ill at
Cairo, Egypt.
Frank Grace has returned from Eng
land after a year's absence. . . /¦
Miss Marie McKenna and the Misses
Hildegarde are., in Philadelphia.
Brigadier - General and Mrs. Eagan are
at the. Palace Hotel.-,*— , -, 5 - ..... .
. . Mr.' and . Mrs.. James Brett are at pres
ent in. Mexico. . , ' ¦ . . . •
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Wheaton have
returned from Oregon. . ."
Miss Mae Sadler has left for New York,
where she will remain for several weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. S. ; G. Murphy and Miss
Adelaide Murphy are at the Palace.' -
' Mrs. Thurlow McMullIn and Mrs. C.
McNulty have returned from the south.
' Mr.- and Mrs. Robert Bruce and the
Misses Bruce have returned from South
ern California.
Mrs. N. Van Bergen and Mrs. W. F.
Van Bergen are at Coronado.
Mrs. F. F. Low and Miss Flora Low
have returned from Del Monte.
Personal.
Miss Mabel Thompson sailed, for Eu
rope a few days ago on the. steamship
Commonwealth.. Miss Thompson lives in
Stockton. *• '
Mrs. Florence Dunham has 'left for Eu
rope, where she will meet .. Mrs. Gregory
and Miss Elsie Gregory and tour the
Continent with them, j - : />
The .following- Calif ornians' sailed from
New York on" ;the 11th inst. 6nthe v Ham
burg-American . express steamship Fuerst
Bismarck . to /Mediterranean '-ports: , Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas D. Wood;'.. Lindsay C.
-Wood, Miss Ruth G. Wood', Miss Eleanor
R. Wood, Vincent: P.: Wood. Miss Lillian
W. Wood. Mrs; Elizabeth B. Craige .Fred
Heilig, Mrs. Richard E; Miller, Mrs. Maria
Beratto, Miss Annie Cowperthwaiie." ¦.,
Mr. • and Mrs. < Arthur Whipple Spear,
nee Scott, sailed on the steamship Sierra
for. Honolulu, February 9. .-They will re
turn from- their wedding trip in a few
weeks. ' . • ;, . ¦; , ¦" . ¦
Sailed Away.
honor at a farewell party at the residence
of Mrs. : John B. Stone, 558 Liberty street,
last Tuesday evening. The gathering was
made ' the : occasion for her many ". friends
to wish her a "bon voyage" to her home
at Marshfield, Or.," for which place she
left Wednesday last. . Miss Howard is one
of the most popular of the younger - set
of Marshfield and leaves a host of friends
in this city to -regret her departure:.
Among those present'were:' Mr.and Mrs. ;
Alfred Ledeme, Miss Adele Ledeme,- Miss
Florence - Lane; .' Messrs. ; William Chub
buck, Carlton Lane, Lemuel Chubbuck
and Frank Lane.' ' . '¦ ¦ ¦ < '-
The home of Mrs. M. Menson, 63f> l A
Haight street, was the scene of a happy
family reunion last ; Sunday. Mrs. Men
son was very much gratified to have her
fourteen children together. '
¦\ A surprise party was tendered Miss
Edna King by her -many, friends at her
residence, 32 Morris J avenue, | Saturday
evening, February, 8. ' ' ' "•: y
Leo A.'; Levy pleasantly' entertained : a
party of friends in honor * of his twenty
first birthday last evening at the Maison
Alladlo. - : '¦¦¦-•¦ . ¦'¦
=--Mr. and Mrs. Thomas -Banks' enter
tained a number of. friends 'at their, resi
dence, 2914 Mission street, on Saturday,
evening, February 8, the occasion being
the twenty-fifth anniversary of their wed
ding. The - decorations were •• elaborate.
Refreshments were served and a very en-,
joyable evening was spent. The happy pair,
/were the recipients of a large number of
handsome presents, the j most noticeable
being a splendid silver chafing dish, given:
by the members of Golden 1 West Council,
Royal Arcanum. .'•;;¦ .
J. Prosch Missing.
Byron Stovall of 310 Kills street reported
James A. Larklns, administrator of the
estate of his mother, Ann Larklns, who
died January 9, 1902, filed a suit against
Harriet Larklns, hla sister, yesterday 'to
recover a piece of property on Hartford
street, near Twentieth, which he " alleges
the defendant obtained from her: mother
by fraud.. Larking; asks the court to set
aside the 'deed made. by thV deceased; on
the ground that his mother was' of un
sound mind when she executed It >
Says Mother's Mind Was Unsound.
This evening there will be given" a' grand
Purim ball: in* Odd', Fellows' Hall in .'cele
bration': of that Jewish festival. /This will
be preceded '¦ by the * presentation - for* the
first time . of ; a - musical * comedy, n entitled
"The j Jew t in .= America," U by the '• German
Hebrew' Opera Company. In; this Julius
Rcsenwasser; the , playwright, ; will r take
part.-. . : . .•¦•>."' ' ;:v - ;¦ ¦¦¦-. ¦"¦'."'•:¦ ¦':.'..'•¦¦ '. .-' '\\
Will Celebrate Jewish Festival.
Petitions In Insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District, Court
as follows: Jane Canovan, San Jose, as
stockholder of Union Savings Bank, llabll
ties $4000; no assets: Charles C. Burchard,
gineer. Angels Camp, liabilities $5612,- no
assets; Manuel M. -Silva Oakley, = Contra
Costa County, liabilities $798 63. no assets;
John Carrlck, farmer, Santa Clara, liabili
ties $4000, no assets; Char lesC. Burchard,
clerk, Sacramento, liabilities $347 23, no
assets. , , : .
Paul C. Harlan has been reappolnted
Referee In Bankruptcy for Solano County.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Sirs. Bella Furlong Arrested for
Threatening- to Kill Police-
man Herlihy.
Mrs. Delia Furlong, whoso husband
owns the Shamrock saloon, at 217 Third
street, appeared In Judge Mogan'a court
yesterday on a charge of threats to kill.
She was bound over to keep the peace In
$100 bonds.
Policeman P. N. Heriiby had occasion to
enter the saloon about 10 o'clock Friday
right, and Mrs. Furlong was there. Her
lihy had arrested her a few days before,
end ehe began to abuse him and threat
ened to kill him. She said she would get
her husband's revolver end shoot him.
Rather than have any trouble with her
Herlihy left the saloon and was Joined by
Corporal Shanahan. Herlihy happened to
look around and saw Mrs. Furlong com
ing after him with her right hand behind
her back. Thinking she might have the
revolver he told Corporal Shanahan. and
he waited for Mrs. Furlong and grabbed
hold of her. She had an iron bung-start
er in her right hand, and did not deny
that Bhe meant to use it upon Herlihy.
She was promptly arrested.
Whenever the American people find a tiling
of merit, absolute >KenuIne merit, they appre
ciate it, and never hesitate to make liberal use
of It. It is merit that counts for the enormous
sale of Cascarets — over ten million boxes last
year. It In the best bowel and liver regrulator
in the world and sells at prices that suit every
body— 10c, 25c and Mte a box. put up in tab
let form, and every tablet stamped "C. C. C."
There is no waste. Cascarets are easy to take
and are sold by the makers' under an abso
lute guarantee to refund the money if Cas
carets do not prove satisfactory. A 50c box Is
enough for a whole month's treatment for the
the worst case. We urge every sufferer to give
Cascarets an immediate trial.
Beating- "All Records.
WO2CA2T XS BOUND OVER,
TO KEEP THE PEACE
¦ The eighteenth anniversary of Miss
Menges birth was the occasion of an en
joyable^ evening for many friends at her
home. 259 Victoria street. Those present
were: Mr. and. Mrs. R. Randhahn,^ Miss
S. Hogan, Professor T.> G. Sane, Louis
Menges, James D. Rodney, Annie Menges
Misa Nichaelis. Miss Bertha Jehl, Charles
Menges Miss Rose/Miller, Millie Maloney.
Nellie Gray, Mina Philhich." John Burns
Martha Hilken, L. Biedeman, George
Gray, Martha Gray, Otto Wilken Miss
Marie Walter, Miss Louise Walter' John
Young, Teresa Kohler, Arthur Lewis. Miss
Martha Brandhahn, Winifleld Smith
Rosio Menges, Henry Menges, Mrs «'
Nichaelis, Mrs. Menges. , - '
A. surprise party was tendered to Mlu
Birdie Seibert last Saturday evening i at
the home of her parents, 470 Tehama
street. The evening was spent in singing,
dancing, recitations and games until mid
night, when an elaborate supper - ¦ was
spread.- Among those present were* ¦ A.
Eberspacker, , Carrie Seibert, H.--Ebers
packer, Josie Seibert, B. . Caap,- Katie
Roller, G. Schepp May Arney, C. Schepp,
Ella Parker • A. Hagan, Katie Murray
F. Eleber, Clare Weiss, Mr. and Mrs
Getz, Mr. and Mrs. B. Bergland "w"
Roller, Annie Schmidt, W. "Wise, Freda
Eleber, Leo Pepper; Etta , Hillman, F.
Murphy, Margaret Roller and Arthur Sei
bert and Clara Schober. - ..-
A birthday party .-was 'tendered ) Master
Frank Broderson at the home of his par
ents at • 121 Thirteenth . street Wednesday :
February 12. The evening was spent in
games, singing and dancing. Master Don
ald Cameron contributed several vocal se
lections and Miss Mildred Honeyman
favored the guests with a cakewalk. The
invited guests were: Rose Guehring
Echo ¦ Butler, -Martina Osterman, Clara
Huber, Lizzie Huber, Mildred Honeyman
and Donald Cameron, Herman Guehring,
John : O'Neill, : Frank Broderson, -David
Honeyman, George Huber, Mrs. J. V
Honeyman, Mr. and Mrs. ¦ C. Broderson
Sr. and Mr. and Mrs/. G. H. • Broderson. ¦'
Miss May F. Cook received a large nurh-'
ber, of- guests at, her studio, 925^Valencia
street, Friday evening, * February -I. the
occasion being, a song recital of the pu
pils of Miss Cook. A lengthy programme
was. well rendered by. the -students. 1 -.. -
¦¦ Miss Bessie ; Howard was • the ; guest of
Mr. A. J. Loveland was pleasantly Bur
prised last Thursday evening at his home.
62 South Park, by friends who gathered
to celebrate his fifty-fourth birthday.
Those present were Mr. and Mrs. A. J.
Loveland, Mr % and Mrs. H. A. Loveland!
Mr. and Mrs. Austin Cook, Mr. and Mrs!
Ray Downs, Mr. and Mrs. Ira Payne,
Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. J^udie Belmont, Mrs.
Shields, Mrs. Rosamond Currier, Miss
Fowler, Miss Pearl Miller, Miss Cook,
Little Misses Lilian Taylor and Clarisa
Currier; MessrsT Fred Cook, L. Maurer
Hugh Shields, Fetardo and Fred Miller
A ..surprise party . was tendered Mrs"
Marsili by her daughter, Beatrice, last
Wednesday night at their home. 770 Chest
nut street, in nonor of the anniversary of
her birth r The home was lavishly deco
rated, pink being the prevailing color
The invited - guests enjoyed themselves
with music., songs -and dancing until mid
night, when supper was served. Those
seated at the table were Mr. and Mrs
Marsili, Mr. Guldo Marsili, i Miss Lulu
Marsili, Miss Beatrice Marsili, Mrs Koe
nig. Misses Olga and Wanda Koenig Mrs
Crocker, Mis3 Belle Harrington, Miss
Grace Hobson. Mls3 Rosalind Smith Miss
Kathryn Whelan, Miss Josie Finale
Messrs. John and Fred Oliva, Dr. Josenh
Edwards, Dr. L. Damon , and Mr. Harry
Whelan. ~" > - .
Home Parties.
Presents Super!) Programme at Met
ropolitan Temple— Fare-wtell Ap
pearance To-Night.
Josef Hofmann, the renowned pianist,
pave his final matinee recital at Metropol
itan Temple yesterday afternoon In the
presence of a large audience, chiefly com
posed of ladies.
That Hofmann is a master of- technique
•vc-as shown by his brilliant rendition of
Bach-D' Albert's "Praeludlum und Fuge
In D Major " which was the first number
of the programme. His execution and
tempo were faultless. -^ •-
Mozart's "Rondo A Moll" was given
¦with dainty touch and complete expres
sion, while the "Marsch aus den Ruinen
of Beethoven-Rubensteln caught the
house and -was a. skillful display of a
study In octaves.
The "variations serleuses" of Mendels
sohn brought all the light and shade of
Hofmann' s art. The balance of the pro
gramme was as follows: Berceuse, valse
A flat major, valse E minor, by Chopin;
Erlkonig, Morcenstandchen, by Schubert-
Liszt; bacarolle by Rubens tein and rhap
sodle by Liszt.
This evening Hofmann will make his
farewell appearance at the Columbia. The
ater, presenting a choice programme.
Hundreds of poor people of this city
will learn with regret that Dr. Lane is in
a. precarious condition." His philanthropic
deeds were too many to be recorded. Tha
walls of. his office are filled with testimo
nials from organizations that appreciated
his goodness to its members.
His life has been a busy one. His practice
was so great that he found It necessary
to start a hospital. Six years ago he
opened the Lane Hospital, which adjoins
the Cooper Medical College! Up to a few
years ago he devoted a great deal of his
time among the patients, and thousands
owe their lives to his skill. .
There is no physician on this coast who
is better and more widely known than Dr.
Lane. His fame as a surgeon is world
wide. He has done more to advance the
science of surgery than any physician on
this coast. His lectures to the students of
the Cooper Medical College, which he
founded, have been reported to the medi
cal journals of the world and have at
tracted wide attention. Hundreds of lead
ing physicians in this State benefited by
his wisdom and advice, and they revere
him for his kindness and generosity.
Dr. LevI C. Lane, president and profes
sor of surgery at the Cooper Medical Col
lege, is lying dangerously III at his home,
corner of Clay and "Webster streets. For
the past two weeks his condition has been
critical.. Drs. Ellinwood, Rixford, Hirsch
felder. Gibbons and Stillman have been in
attendance and are doing everything In
their power to prolong the distinguished
physician's life.
Dr. Lane is 70 years of age and has been
ailing for the past two years. His
chances for recovery are slight by reason
of his feebleness and advanced age.
tion and Fhysjcians Save
Small Hopes.
Dr. Levi C. Lane in a Critical /Condi-
PIANIST JOSEF HOFMANN
CHARMS tLARGE AUDIENCE
DISTINGUISHED SURGEON
¦ '(& LYING • DANGEROUSLY ILL
There will be an inspection and muster
on the night of the 20th inst. of the First
Regiment of Infantry, and all parties In
terested will report to Lieutenant John
J. West, acting regimental adjutant..
-The following changes in the First In
fantry are announced: ¦ . '- ¦
; Privates James J. Hurley and -Arthur
Clack of Company B have been assigned
to duty as musicians; Private Walter D.
Spillman of Company C has been trans
ferred jto Company D; Corporal. Vernon
JR. Branch of Company F has been re
turned to the ranks; Corporal August
Fischer and Private George Sullivan of
Company B ¦ have been promoted ser
geants; Private Elton Wood of -Company
il ana Private Robert E. Power of Com
pany, C have been promoted -corporals.
After his promotion bergeant Fischer was
assigned to duty as quartermaster ser>
geant, vice James Wear. ':
The names of twenty-five men have
been dropped from the roll of the First
Infantry, nineteen of whom were on:ac
count o£ removal: from this city. • ;
'An election* has been ordered, for. the
19th inst. for' captain and lieutenant of
Troop A, cavalry. ' Major PL A. . Wegner
has oeen detailed to . preside at the elec-
Th'e first of a series of lectures to tho offi
cers and. members of the First Battalion
of Artillery was delivered last Monday
night by Major I William E. Blrkeimar,
Artillery Corps, U. S." A., in the battalion
armory on Ellis street. The major at the
outset called attention to the fundamental
principles of- the military code, which are:
• "No. 1— Sneak and ; act the truth . under
all circumstances. 2— Promptly and cheer
fully obey, orders. 3— Study the duties of
your station and . perform them promptly
ion the minute and as well as you possi
bly can. 4— Lean upon'yourself alone and
in no degree. whatever upon any one else.
5^-Never, even. in your, own mind, excuse
your dereliction because some one else
has: been derelict. ' 6— Above all . things,
pursue that ; course , which will preserve
your self respect." ' .
' By "following > rule No. 1, he said,- the
commander and the brother soldier, will
soon learn >: who' it is speaks 'the 1 truth,'
and • will place" reliance accordingly, v if
there is a neglect as to No. 2 there is lack
of benefits; to.: individual and j organiza
tion. By following No. 3 the j highway to
military, duty is ; easy; if the soldier ¦. fol
io ws ; No. / 4 his "commander • and • his I com
panions ...will / valued him f or : what he ¦ is
worth and 4 : their , confidence '¦¦ in ¦ him can
never be greater ..than is hls-in himself;
if the \ soldier does ; not observe No.'. 5 ho
simply advertises ' acknowledged want of
character- and . faithfulness to ¦• the : trust
voluntarily assumed, and as to No. 6, "let
every : soldier; lay his hand on his heart
and apply that rule to his every, act, and
let : it be ; the touchstone by .which - his
every thought is tested.-' -* . J > ;
! The. second-of the -series! of these lec
tures will be by Supervisor^ Henry Payot
on^VThe Land, of the Rising Sun/.'.-Illus
trated with ; stereopticon * views : presented
on the screen by Captain E. G. Elsen,'ad
jutant'of ; the* battalion.: This wiir.be on
next -. Frld ay, K and ", will : be •' invitational.
.Tickets may - be ; obtained -. from" members
'of the battalion. - . - - - • ,
. , Lieutenants ¦ Farless and • Young of I Bat
tery D I and Lieutenant Irving . or | Battery.
A,- Battalion -of /Artillery, * have 'tendered
their resignations. - V!W&2B2££§g$&8®!^
Artillery Battalion Is
Instructed by
Lecturer.
FIRST INFANTRY
MAKES CHANGES
The engagement reception of Henry S.
Henry and Miss Bella Levy will take
place Sunday/ February 23, at 2002 Pine
street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Miss Lottie Beshorman, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Ad Beshorman, and J.
Ralph Plevin, who has been connected
for several years with the firm of Sturdi
vant & Co., will be married Thursday,
February 20. After a short trip south
Mr. and Mrs. Plevin- will receive on the
second Tuesday at their residence, 428
Herman street. •
Mr. and Mrs. D. Lohsen announce the
engagement of their daughter, Mae C.
Lohsen, to James I* Terteison. ' ¦
The engagement Is announced . of Miss
Katie R. McHugh and Mr. John T. K.
Burns of Branford, Conn. The weddinjj
will take place April 28 at Branford. Tha
couple met in San Francisco two years
ago, when' Mr. Burns was at the Presidio
In the.Government service. • Miss McHugh
is a niece of Mr. James McShane of San
Francisco, and when in this city lived at
2016-Vallejo. The couple' will live in Bran-
Ior4. where Mr. Burns is engaged in the
wholesale fruit business.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Ehrlich of 609
Golden Gate .avenue • announce " the en
gagement Of their daughter, Dora, to Mr.
Alex Salomon of the firm of Al Salomon
& Sons, and .will be pleased to see their
friends Sunday, March 2 from 2 to 5 p. m.
They're Engaged.
Lipman Kieve and Ida D. Kieve were
united in marriage February 8 by Rabbi
M. S. Levy, according to the Hebrew rite.
Miss Jane Gallagher and Dr. Edwin O.
Cochrane - were married on - Tuesday by
Rev. Father Prendergast at the residence
of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. B.
Gallagher, 1133 Ellis street. The wedding
was a very quiet affair.
Miss Martha Will of 1577 Turk street
was married to Charles A. Michelsen, 6
Sunny court, • at the new home of the
couple at 1026 Guerrero street Saturday,
February 8. After the cereraqny supper
was served. The bride wore a beautiful
gown of gray and white silk, with a
wreath of orange blossoms and a white
veil. Miss Martha Haspe, cousin of the
bride, was bridesmaid. The brother of
the groom, Anton B. E. Michelsen, was
best man and Matthias Michelsen was
usher.
Archie E. Mottat and Miss Essie E.
Cambern were united in marriage at the
home of the groom's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Alonzo N. Moffat, 2520 Octavia street,
last week. The wedding was a private
affair, only members of the family and a
few near friends being present. The
groom came to San Francisco from
Agana, Guam, where he is stationed in
the Government service. Miss 12. .Cam
bern, the bride, came here from Spokane,
via Tacoma, her home, where she spent
a day or two en route. . The marriage
was solemnized by Rev. William -Kirk
Guthrie. pastor of the 'First Presbyterian
Church. Among a number of presents re
ceived was a silver urn wrought by the
FillpinoThiefs, prisoners of war. Mr. and
Mrs. A. E. Moffat will be at home at
2520 Octavia street until early In March,
when they will take passage for their
home at the United States naval station,
Island of Guam.
A few. evenings since Mrs. Sarah Bever
sen and Martin . Beversen were united in
marriage by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, after
which there was a wedding reception at
the residence of Mrs. H. M. Lemme, sis
ter of the bride. The parlors" were taste
fully decorated - with smilax and flowers.
Mrs. Beversen is well and favorably
known in fraternal and German social
circles. Mr. Beversen has been in mer
cantile business in this city for a number
of years. The happy couple were the re
cipients of many useful and pretty pres
ents. Those present at the reception
were: 'Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Lemme, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Bredehof t, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Fallings, Miss batiie Overacker, Arthur
Lemme, Mr. and Mrs. Drendel, Miss Liz
zie Doyle, Howard Overacker, Mrs. Annie
Bredehof c, Harry Lemme, Christopher
Bredehof t, Harry Overacker, E. Norton,
J, H. Lemme, Mrs. E. Crawtord, Mrs.' 'A.
E. Drendel. The couple left for Monterey
and on their return will make their home
at 1695 Folsom street. -
They're Married.
' I tinuous round , of pleasure.
Although the manner of the hostess was
cordial and .the smile 'of the guest bright
and genial, every one was ( tired and | ex
hausted. A number of the debutantes
were too indisposed to attend the" Mardi
Gras after having selected delightful cos
tumes, and several who insisted upon ris
ing to the occasion .were unable . to j leave
their rooms the day after the ball. Every
one says, however, that the Mardi Gras
was more than a success. Never before
in the history of gay events was a sim
ilar occasion so magnificent In costume
and decorations. The brilliant splendor of
the scene will long be remembered by
many, while other will say "I had the
time of my life." •
/^^jST. ENT has come and with it (.he
I usual lull in .society.) 'The
il penitential season was gladly
MM . welcomed by the devotees. of
zl^/^—J society, who for days before
~**— "^ had been weary of the cbn-
THE SAN CALIi, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY IP, 1902.
SOCIETY NEWS
United States District Judge De Haven
yesterday . sentenced • Lorenzo I>. Wllgua
to one year's imprisonment ' in the Sacra
mento. County Jail 'and to pay a fine of
$500. "Wllgus was convicted of forging the
name of Captain R. B. Wilkinson to an
affidavit for a pension on behalf of Wil
liam Matthews, who claimed to have been
a soldier in a colored regiment during: the
Civil "War. Wlleus has been a pension
attorney for twenty-five years. His fam
ily is • destitute ; in Sacramento.
33
A. grand .display of exquisite tailored' creations awaits you here— These are of the highest
excellence in- the matter of fabrics and workmanship. All are in accordance with the newest dictates
of .< Fashion \j arid 'cut i'fromVpatterns\"fitt^>ta;ltire v imost perfect models— You must see them to get a
correct idea of theirbeauty— It Is' a pleasure, toshow such goods whether you buy or not.
BFanc^TailoreH^ui^^-^ Pnc^$4b;6c); to $105.00 a Suit
fahcy-itailored' suits made of the newest weaves of Wool Canvas, .Basket Cloths,
Et'amines and other Finelmported Cloths with sjlk^lined fancy trimmed Etons, Blouses and
?^ ;^!Ja'ckets)inrplainfpleated and.postillipn backs— Skirts handsomely made in the serpentine and
•¦habit' backs with tucks,; stitchings and straps in air the latest designs, with fancy silk drop '
•¦; - skirt— prices "ranging from $40.00 to $105.00. . '/ .
| Stylis^FancfcEtoh Tailor Suits of ; ||| : ¦ g Handsome Tailor Suit of Home un
Pannma cloth m green light .gay and | tan and castor-Blouse jacket in the
;Oxford--Sat.n .lined Eton^with -velvet - new Gibson effect with J whit e .vest
PS^^^ii—l^i?^V trimmed with cloth straps-artistically
tucked skirt _very. stylish and ex- C^ CA
tillion back-Flounce .skirt-exceptiona. cellent value at • - $dLd\)
j^g C W jL/£ICCS JlvC^CI V
Advance styles of very choice Laces and Robes for spring and summer are here— The past ¦?
week we have opened a great; manyschoice novelties from the most wcelebrated European Lace \\
centers— A .few only are. named to give some idea of the extent of our collection r
Complete assortment of Irish Crochet Laces, Lierre and Escurial Laces Robes, ;
Galoons and allovers, perfect loom copies of at -the bottom with one or more flounces i
Real Irish Point— 50c to $6.00 yard. of lace— $26.50 to each.
Point Venise and Batiste galoons, festobns and Elegant Black Glitter Robes, very elaborate,
medallion effects-50c to $8.00 yard/ r l ve11 c ? vered desl g ns m steel or Je*-*17.50 to
$80.00 each. > :
Escurial Festoons in a large assortment in both Lace R obes j n w hite and silver effects in various
black and white— 25c to 11.50 yard. new designs— $25.00 to $65,00 each.
Chantilly Galoons and Medallions in white and Handsome Renaissance Lace Robes combined
black in matched sets of all widths— 25c to with steel, in black and ecru — Special at
$4.50 yard. $47:50 each.
New Spring Wash Ooods
Oiir.Wash Goods department is one of the most attractive of our establishment— located on the .
second floor, occupying double former space and with abundance of light makes it an ideal place
to shop. ' The department is now, fairly overflowing with a. splendid assortment of new spring
materials—We mention a few Special Values :
Fancy Batiste in figures, polka dots and . / \ Scotch Madras— this popular material in
stripes^-entirely new colorings — splendid. Itr^ patterns daintier and prettier than ever — Q.K r
value, per yard - -,- - - " " " " '^^ per yard -^.-; - - - - - - - - OOL,
, Mercerized Xhambr'ays in a beautiful qa_ Imported Silk Striped Grenadines with CfW
collection of solid colorings, per yard - - Z\J<3 black and light colored grounds, per yd - - \J\JL
Irish.Dimities— all colors in choicest r of"Qcr- Silk Batistes in solid colors, dots and trrv
dots and stripes— per yard - - - - . - ZDC- jacquard stripes— per yard - -- - - - Jut
|^ ... ?
SUPERFLUOUS HA I R
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS.T A., W. Donohoe
bulldlngr," 1170 Market street, cor.i Taylor, rooms
28-29, -..with the electric: needle -without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to i p.'m."
HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW SCIENTIFIC PROCESS. ¦
A Preparation Discovered That Will
Destroy the Dandruff Germ.
For some time It has been known that
dandruff is caused by a germ that*- dig*
tip the scalp into little white flakes, and
by sapping the vitality of the hair at the
root, causes falling hair, and, of course,
finally baldness. For years there have'
been all kinds of hair stimulants and
scalp tonics on the market, but there has
been no ' permanent cure for. dandruff
until the discovery of a preparation
called Newbro's . Herpicide, which de-
ctroys the dandruff germ. Destroy ' the |
cause, the effect will cease to exist. Kill
the dandruff germ . and you'll have " no
dandruff, no Itching scalp, no falling
hair.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-i36 Pitied— Not
\ - Men Don't Understand How Tliey
Suffer When They Cry,^Oh, Don't
Speak to Me." ~~"
it jm manner of extraTag^ant expressions are possible "when a woman T 3
! nerves are overwrought
| \ The spasm at the top of * the "wind pipe or bronchial tubes, "h/xll
I rising In the throat," violent beating of the heart, laughing and crying
j \}j turnsj muscular spasms (throwing the arms about), frightened by the
j most insignificant occurrences — are all symptoms of a hysterical condi-
tion and serious derangement of the female organs.
Any female complaint mayproduce hysterics, which must be re-
: garded as a symptom only. The cause, however, yields quickly to
JLydta E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, "which acts at once upon
the organ afflicted and the nerve centres, dispelling effectually all those
distressing symptoms.
Mrs. Lewis Says: «l Feel Like a New Person,
Physically and Mentally."
"Deab Mrs. Pixkhxm : — I wish to speak a gtxxi word for Ijydia "E.
Pinklxam's Vegetable Compound. For years I had ovarian trouble and
suffered everything from nervousness, severe headache, and pain in back and
abdomen. I had consulted different physicians, but decided to try your medi-
cine, and I soon found it was giving 1 me much relief. I continued its use and
now am feeling 1 like a new person, physically and mentally, and am glad to
add one more testimonial to the value of your remedy."— Mbs. M. H. Lewis,
210S Valentine Ave., Tremoat, New York, N.Y. '
I "Writing" to Mrs. Pinkham is the quickest and surest way. to
Eet the right advice^ about all female troubles. Her address is
ynn, Mass. She advises women." free. Following is an instance :
Mrs. Haven's First Letter to Mrs. Pinkham.
"Dzab Mrs. Pdtkham: — I would like your advice in regard to my
troubles. I suffer every month at time of menstruation, and flow so much,
and for so long- that I become very weak, also get very dizzy. I am troubled
•with a discharge before and after menses, have pains in ovaries so bad some-
times that I can hardly get around, have sore feeling in lower part of bowels,
pain in back, bearing-down feeling, a desire to pass urine frequently, with -
pains in passing' it ; have leucorrhoea, headache, fainting spells, and some-
times have hysteria. My blood is not in good condition. Hoping to hear
from yon, I am, Mm. Emma. Hates, 2503 South Ave.,' Council Bluffs, Iowa."
(June 3, 1899.) . . : ~
Mrs. Haven's Second Letter, r
"*' Dzab Mbs. Peskham: — I wish to express my gratitude for what yon
have done for me. I suffered for four years with womb troubles. ¦'• Every
month I flowed very badly. I got so bad that I could hardly do my work.
"Was obliged to sit or lie down most of the time. \ doctored for a long
time, but obtained no relief, • I began using your remedies — Lydia E«
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, Blood Purifier, Sanative Wash and
Liver Pills — and now -feel like a new woman." — Mbs. Emma Haveut, 2508
South Ave. ,. Council Bluffs, Iowa. (Feb. 1, 1900.) t
ApAAA REWARD. — We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000,
\»jj I which will be paid to any person who can find that tho abore testimonial letters
r if ¦ E V I i aro not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
VWwWW mission. I,ydla E. Pinkham Medicine Co.. Lynn, Mass.
Kriedman'g Furniture , w ;|
Metal beds are Down I
The makers have dlscoveredl that they are making too many different I
;- patterns, so they offer to us, in carload ; lots, at such redectlons on former |
- prices that we can afford to sell them to you like this— |j
; ,4.50 White Enamel Bed. Top and posts meet In pleasing <\ yr gjj
¦ ;. curves. v-Double size, -durable make. • Worth 4.50; thls.week U ¦ I o 1
- e.SO'.Whlte Enamel. Light, graceful fines.* A bed that A 7R \\
It'-ViC 5 -:.will delight the busy housekeeper.' : Full double size^ only *r«/;«J \\
8.50 .Brass Trimmed White Enamel t Bed. Double size,. C 7C H
:hone of the stiffness usual in low priced beds; 5 feet high, for Oi / O g
*; 10.00 .Oreen Enarnel; .head and foot topped with brass rod. ;)O rr% h
. Same in white; both in double and three - quarter sizes, for 0*0 U N
; : 13.00 Canopy Top. A canopv top is always effective In | AHA M
_ ¦'..' a decpiratiye way, arid often essential in preventing drafts, I U.UU h
• 27.30 -Brass arid White ! Enamel Double Bed; The kind ¦ Ofl ftft II
. you'd expect In the guest chamber. A late pattern. Now,>.U.UU H
60.00 Brass Canopy Top. Nothlngto be desired In ma- CA AA |]
. . * terialj design, or, make for elegance. * Canopy removable, «JU«UU t]
125.00 Crown Canopy. ; Massive and elegant brass, topped | ii(\ il
1 with crown. lies the head that wears a crown that way, I U U 1 ||
And a $2.50 White Enamel Double Bed for $1.75 1
M T^e Credit House" Six^ |
23^^^Post Street. Phoiie PrivateTE3c.J^ |SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 16.
TO SAJL.
FROM SEATTLK..
Broad-soled .'shoes', a ' living;' out fof doors,
exercise and a bottle'of generous EVANS'
Ale. or. i Evans'. t ; Stout.' - ; Sherwood '& Sher
wood. San Francisco, . Los "Angeles. . Port
land, Seattle. - :y -•-:
Good Health rMeans
:. James P.* Gleason, trustee of the estate
of > A. » C. : Stoddart,' ' an 'insolvent,' filed a'
suit* yesterday • against V Stoddart, lEmma
Stoddart and J.\T.i Harmes for the recov
ery t of an ' improved lot > on ) the i corner of
Gough and - Geary 'streets, ¦:: which ihe al
leges Stoddart' deeded. to the other two de
fendants in order to defraudhis creditors.'
Trustee '{ Sues an Insolvent.
The ': causes; which have brought about
such e*ceptlorial success '•> apparently.. ar«
greater? appreciation; of 'life insurance by
the '¦'¦ masses ; and . the ¦ excellent business
methods of the Prudential. ; . ¦ ' ¦>'¦:•¦ y. »
/This result attests f Its popularity, and
such i figures have not been k equaled •., b5*
any company.: In.the past whose •• age .'is
not more than that of the Prudential, nor
by Lthe Prudential. Itself 'in "any. former
year. , "¦, ; - .. • ,". ,../.•; • ¦ : .. • ' ¦¦¦; ¦ " ,"; .-,
The Increased i prosperity which . , is ob
servable throughout // the .length and
breadth of' business enterprise is particu
larly 'reflected ' In i the I big * gains : made by
the Prudential Insurance Company of
America? during year/ just past.'.- '-The
company;. wrote a: larger amount of- busi
ness-than Tit; did" in 'any! year, since it-.was
founded ; it ' placed no less than $273,000,000
of: Insurance, bringing the- total amount
of insurance in force up to $703,000,000.* :
Insurance Companies and Increased
Prosperity.
Branch Hydrographic " Office,' U. S." N., Mer
chants' Exchans:<v San Francisco, Cal.;
• February 15, 1902. ¦ :¦ ' ,
; The Time Ball on the . tower of the : Ferry
building was : dropped : exactly at noon to-day.
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, .or at 8
p. m., Greenwich, mean time. •-• ¦:•
W.: H. STANDLET,
- - Lieutenant. U.'S. jN.. in - charge:
Time Ball.
NOTE— In th« abova exposition of the ; tides
the early morning t kits are given In the left
hand column and the successive . tides I of . the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: thn
fourth ; timi column ; gives the last tido of the
day, except when there are but three tides, a<
tcmetlmes occurs.' : The heights given ¦ are - In
addition to the soundings of. tho United States
Coast Survey Charts; except when a minus ( — )
«lgn precedes. the height, and then the number
riven Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. | The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.- . ¦ '
Another Walla Walla Baft.
The steamship George W. Elder arrived
yesterday from Portland several hours be
hind schedule time as the result of a con
tinuonrts battle with head winds. Captain
Randall reports having slgrhted one of the
Walla Walla's life rafts off Coos Bay.
There was too much sea on to allow of his
picking It up.
Edith leaves Iron Works.
' The steam collier Edith will be in com
mission again In a few days. She has
been at the Fulton Iron Works undergo
ing a thorough overhauling. A number of
changes have been made In her Internal
arrangements and the quarters of officers
and crew have been remodeled.
Warren Sails To-Day.
The army transport Warren will sail for
Manila at noon to-day, j She -was sched
uled for yesterday, but the tardy arrival
from the EaBt of some of her troops ne
cessitated a delay of twenty-four hours
Promotion for Captain Walton.
.Captain A- Is\ "Walton, .formerly* com
mander of the transport Dlx, has * been
appointed superintendent of the army
transport service at Manila.
2TEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
fflSMt Shipping Merchants.
Th« Norweslan steamer Mathilda loads
wheat at Tacoma. for Europe et 36s 34. with
option of Baltic or Mediterranean. . Chartered
prior to arrival.
Notice to Hariners.
HCMBOLDT BAR— CALIFORNIA^
Notice is hereby given that a first-class Iron
epar buoy, painted red and numbered 2, was
placed. February 18. to mark th« submerged
end of South Jetty, Humboldt Bar, California,
In about the came position of the former nun
buoy.
This. notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coest, 1902, page 32.
By order of the Lighthouse Board. . •
J. B. MILTOX,
Commander. U. S. N..
Inspector Twelfth -Lighthouse District.
Exports to British Columbia.
: The steamer Queen railed yesterday for Vic
toria with an assorted merchandise cargo" des-
Uned for the principal British Columbian ports,'
reJued at S13.8S0. The cargo included the fol
»wing- merchandise and produce: 25 591 lbs
Jried fruit, 270 cs eggs, 230 pkgs hardware, 47
6dls eteel and Iron, XO pkgs machinery, 100 lbs
raisins, 211 lbs ham, 5'J b£Is wallpaper, 2 rolls
"«8.ther, 170 bxs paste, 200 lbs codfish, 30 pkgs
-trurs, 10 cs arms and ammunition. » 1440 lbs
lu-al. 4750 lbs malt, 52 e.s assorted canned
roods. . 200 tins matches. 17 cyls rasollne. 327
tos cheese. 070 lbs nute, £00 lbs beans, 200 lbs
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
' Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
-.Francisco Bay. Published by official au
tbority of the Superintendent. / .
' NOTE — Th» high and low waters: occur at
the city front ¦ (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
From Honolulu— Mrs. Becker. T. B. Clark
Thornhm. Miss H. L. Tuzo, Mrs. L. Tuzo. J.
Schmidt, J. H. Vollmer.
For Yokohama — Lieutenant B. C. Decker,
Edmor.d P. de Sailly. E. M. Ferguson, Mrs.
E. M. Ferguson. W. S. Ferguson, Miss N. R.
Ferguson, Rev. Howard Harrtn. Mrs. Howard
Harris. J. H. Fisher, T. D. Harris, assistant
paymaster. U. S. N. ; E. T. Hoopes. assistant
paymaster. C. S. N. ; Mrs. E. T. Hoopes, Mrs.
B. C. Howard. Mrs. E. M. Huntoon, T. Mat
sufia, F. Miller, B. Oppenheimer. F. F. Pren
tias, Mrs. F. F. PrenUss, Miss M. E. Thayer,
Yritz Thies.
For Kobe— J. C. Xlcholle.
For Nagasaki — Mrs. N. F. Bailey Miss J.
Belley. Rev. ~W. T>. Reynolds, Mrs. W. D. :
Reynolds and two children.
For Shanghai— A. J." Flaherty, Miss Annie
H. Gowans. Dr. S. C. Lewln, Rev. W. W.
BimpBon, Mrs. W. W. Simpson and three chil
dren, Mi-b. E. Sutch, Mies C. E. Savlge.
For Hongkong — A. Bryer. Mrs. A. Conroy,
Mre. A. Forest. F. M. Gray, George GrenviHe.
A. B. I/ow»on, O. F. Malcolm, Mrs. O. F. Mal
colm, Atherton Macondary, Miss E. Russell,
Mrs. L. Wood.
The steamship Doric left the Pacific Mail
dock at noon yesterday for the Orient.
She carried a large number of passengers
and at Honolulu will take aboard half
a dozen more. Among the Orient-bound
¦were a number of army and navy people.
Atherton Macondray was a passenger.
His destination Is Manila, where he will
assume charge of the affairs of Macon
dray & Co. while Barry Baldwin pays a
visit to San Francisco. The cabin passen
gers were:
Doric Leaves for Orient.
The steamer Doric sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general cargo valued at
$321,484, manifested and destined as follows:
For China, 51(30,593;' Japan, $114,756; Manila,
941,078; East Indies, $2494:; Korea, $1173; Vla
divostok, $5M); Aljoa Bay, $800. The follow
ing were the principal shipments :
To China— 2275 lbs butter, 185 casks bottled
beer. 240 lbs 13 cs bread, 1185 lbs cheese, 612
cs asserted canned goods. 650 lbs codfish, 2241
bales cotton domestics. ,25O bales cotton, 1225
lbs dried fruit, 27 pkgg drugs. 4 Dkss drv
Sh^iW b $ ls floSr ' 3 Pk^electffi sup
plies, (3 pkgs fresh fruit, 1230 pkgs groceries
and provisions. C3SS lbs ginseng. 04C3 lbs ham
£?£ ni, , c « hone y- 150 lbs hops, 420 lbs
lard, 8 rolls leather. 1715 pigs lead, 16 pkgs
locomobile carte. 22 pkes machinery, 4 pkf «
nails, 5400 lbs peas, 2800 lbs pearl barley 25
cs Paint. 1S5 lbs raisins. 28 cb rubber go'odt
£«l> c L canne<i Balmon . 1* cs soap, 145 cs syrup,
3392 lbs BUgar. C870 lbs dried shrimps. 78 pk&
machmerj-. 251 cs whisky. 100 gals wine.
hr 7p Japan— 2020 pounds butter,' S96 pounds
bread. 1344 uounds bluestone. 91 package* bl
l^lfl* and f E " ndries - 135. pounds cheese,
19(58 c« assorted canned sroods. C22 lbs coffee
"i™*n* i°^ tO K d ° mestlcB - 1500 bales cotton,
o000 lbs 100 bxs dned truit. 12 pkgs drugs
3 rkrs electrical supplies. 03S pkgs Groceries
and i«vtoloi« 1520 lbs ham and ifadn li^
•iX ¥*"' r 5 P kgs hardware, 2400 lbs indigo,
Xf kErs 1 » ea * h , er - 1«» ">s lard, fc-2 pkgs ma:
chlner>-. .13 bales hose, 17 pkgs rubber goods,
10 cs canned salmon, 150,000 lbs salt 402 bxs
40 000 lbs salt hldk 15 525 lbs sugar
i wo^2.i lta T^J?*' 100 ' 467 lbs tanbark. 8 cs
TV, i.h!^t r S t CS , w £ !Ek >'- 79 * bdls wire.
r->-i lv ? h »it)^lne Islands— 22.097 lbs codfish
Sir ""o^rv^'i 1230- caka bottled
e^ v. °« ca blackberry brandy, 15 cs ein*er
brancy. 4S0 rkgs groceries and provisions" 1000
cs aborted canned gooda, 27 cs typewriters
15 pkrs electrical supplies, 30 pkgs bicycle
and sundries. 3000 lbs lard/ 6 rollsJeafher. iS
os drujrs 18 pkss leather goods, 29 pkgs ma
chinery. 3i40 lbs clucose. «O cs stationlry, ?O
Sfi SP^v 50 , b " fresh frult - BOO lbs tobacco,
2^bdls shocks, 3 bales Lay, 20 cs billiard out!
«J£? *££ Iai^—iH cs assorted canned
dry goods 2 cs electrical supplies.
hides Iadlvostok — 15 l*cs machinerj", 1 bdl
. To Algoa Bay— 200 cs canned salmon.
The Doric's Cargo.
•'NEW TORK — Sailed Feb IE — Stmr La Gas
cogne, for Havre: stmr Maasdam., for Rotter
dam; Etmr Hohenzollern, for Genoa; stmr Lu
cania, for Liverpool; stmr Patricia, for Ham
burg; stmr Furnesla. for Glasgow ;, stmr ,MIn-'
neapolls, for London.
GLASGOW— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Sardinian,
for Portland. . ¦ •
I LIVERPOOL — Sailed Feb 15 — Stmr Cam
pania, for New York. . • - - -
, ANTWERP— Sailed Feb '15— Stmr • South
wark. for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Feb 15— Stmr La " Cham
papne. for New York.
BREMEN — Sailed Feb 15 — Stmr Kronprlnz
TVllhelm, for New York, via Southampton and
Cherbourg: Ftmr.Kcln, for New York.
ST VINCENT, C V — Sailed Feb 15 — Stmr
Hellea, from Cape Town, for Key West.
BERMUDA— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Topaz,
from London for Philadelphia, for coal, and
railed.
Sailed Feb 15— Stmr Glenmor, from Viza
ranattmy. for Baltimore.
HOTJGKONG — Arrived prior to Feb 15 — Stmr-
Athenian, 'from. Vancouver, via Yokohama;
stmr Oopack. from Seattle, via Tacoma/ Vic
toria (15 C) and Moji, for , Manila.
OCEAN. STEAMERS.
HAMBURG — Sailed Feb 13 — Br ¦ shi D ; Argus,
for Port Los Anjsreles; Ger bark Octavla, • for
Santa Rosalia. . . . *
KOBE— Sailed Feb 13— Br stmr Clavering,
for Tacoir.a. - - ¦ .
CORONEL — Sailed Feb 14 — Stmr Oregonlan,
from New York, for San ¦ Francisco. ¦ -—
NANAIMO — Sailed Feb 15 — Nor stmr Tlta
nia, for San Francisco.,
PERIM— Passed Feb 14— Br stmr Glenshiel,
from Tacoma. for London.
•¦¦•C ALL AO— Sailed Feb 15— Ger stmr Hermon
this, from Hamburg and way ports, for San
Francisco.' ' . . - •
VALPARAISO— Arrived Feb 14— Schr Irene,
from Tacoma. ' ' -¦ ¦• - ¦ ¦¦
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Feb 15— Br stmr Cop
tic, for San Francisco.
COMOX— Sailed Feb 15— Br stmr Wyefleld,
for Port Los . Anjceles.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Arrived Feb 2 — Br ship
Springburn, from Table . Bay, , to load for San
Francisco. . ¦ , . ..
Sailed Feb 14 — Br ship CromDton, for San
Franeiscr. ; . •• ' V
¦ GIBRALTAR— Passed-' Feb • 14 — Br stmr
TanRtse, from Seattle," for United Kingrdom. <
Miss Claire Barron. E. A. Bleelow, A. J.
Brander, John M. Bryan, Mrs. Campbell, Miss
A. Campbell, Miss Alice Campbell. Miss L.
Campbell, O. H. Campbell, Mrs. O. H. Camp
bell, Mrs. L. Cohawgo, Mias Anita Christal.
John F. Colburn, W, H. Cole, Edward Conlin,
George A. Davis, B. F. Dlllingham. Mrs. E. S.
Douglas, Mrs. H. C. Ellis, H. L. Evans. W. O.
Gllkey. G. Goodsell. J. A. Graack, E. H. Hart.
H. E. Hendrick. Marcus Hendrick. J. W. How
ard. Mrs. E. J. Hulme, Misn A. Hulme, W. F.
Hunt, Mrs. Hunt. Miss Helen Hunt. Prince
David Kaw&ranakoa, Princess Kawananakoa,
Captain Kincaid, Mrs. Kincaid, W. B. Kooser,
Mrs. T. Logan, M. LouUson, Mrs. Louieson, J.
H. Maclafferty. M. Marcus, Miss E. May. D.
J. McKay, Alexander McWHlie, J. E. Miller.
Miss R. Miller, George Mowling, Mrs. Mowllng,
Mrs. R. Xewton, W. E. Palmer, Samuel Par
ker, Mrs. Parker and maid, T. A. Pettus, R. R.
Reidford, Mrs. Relaford and child. Uriah Rora
back, Mrs. Roraback, W. A. Sexton, W. T.
Summers, S. Sweltxer. B. M. Thomas, Mrs.
Thomas and chile!, D. Williams.
The stfeamrshlp Alameda sailed yester
day for Honolulu with about 100 passen
gers and a heavy cargo. She left the
Oceanic dock promptly on the tap of 2
o'clock. Among the passengers were many
representative Hawaiians and there was
a largre crowd on the "wharf to wave the
travelers eood-by. Prince David and nis
bride and Samuel and Mrs. Parker sailed
on the steamship, as did quite an army
of the Honolulu Campbells. Burt M.
Thomas, special revenue agent, was also
a passengrer. He goes to Honolulu to in
spect and make report on the island
revenue pystem. He •was accompanied
by his wife and child. The cabin passen
gers were:
In addition to the above the steamer carried
50 cs canned lobsters for Sydney, Australia,
valued at $113. and 25 cs canned fruit for
Brisbane, valued at $65. ¦ .
dried shrimps, ICO cs meter*. 20,075 lbs oil
cake meal. 732 gals wine. 1003 lbs copper in
gots, 3 bbla lubricatlns oil, 124 pkgs flaxseed,
10 bias sheepskins, 177 pkgs fresh vegetables,
559 bxs fresh fruits.
ALAMEDA SAILS FOR HONOLULU
AND DORIC DEPARTS FOR ORIENT
HONGKONG— Sailed Feb 5— Br bark Inver
may, ? for ' Royal ¦ Roads. . >-¦ ¦,,''. /, :
- COLON— Arrived Feb 11— Br stmr ' France;
from St Nazalre. l[J)ltf)IH||fH^(|iri< J |n^iw^'ni i iim ,
Sailed Feb 11— Stmr AUlanca, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb •• 15— Ship John
Ena, Hence Nov 2 • (106 days). ,• . •
Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Orizaba, for Colon
EASTERN . PORT.
TACOMA — Sailed ' Feb 16-^Stmr Artec, for
Port Los Anseles. ,. -.
Sailed Feb >15— Schr Expansion, for San
Pedro; Br bark = Howard D Troop, for Queens
town. • - : .
Arrived . Feb 15 — Nor stmr . Mathilda, from
Manila.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Feb 15— Bktn KH
kltat, for Honolulu. . " . .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 15— Schr Ma
nila, for Taku. •'••¦ ¦ .
PORT ¦> LOS ¦ ANGELES— Arrived Feb 15—'
Stmr Mlneola, sfrom Nanaimo. ¦ ¦. ¦-, .:'•;
SAN. PEDRO — Sailed Feb, 15 — Stmr ; Cheha
lls, for San Francisco; stmr ¦ Pasadena, for
Eureka; i schr Admiral," for Olympla. ••• ¦
¦ EUREKA^ Arrived Feb 15 — Stmr 'Westport,
hence Feb 13; schr Ida McKay,' hence Feb 13
PORTLAND — Sailed Feb 15 — Stmr Columbia,
for San' Francisco./ ¦¦.'.<¦<.¦.*'.-.,!'.;:- >,•¦.¦¦ .<.».-, s-->j j
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Feb 15— Schr
Roy.Somers, hence Feb 8. -¦ •¦. ¦ ; .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived ; Feb 15— Schr
Courtney Ford, from j San Diego. . .¦ •
SEATTLE— Sailed ¦- Feb 15 — Stmr Pleiades
for Sp.n Francisco. Feb >=¦ 14 — Stmr Al-Ki, ; for
Skagway;stmr Cottage ¦¦ City.l for Sltka. -
Arrived Feb 15 — Sehr Maid of Orleans, i hence
Feb 8; - bark Ferris ' 8 Thompson, . hence Feb 8.
" Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Nome City,' from Val • '
de*.. .. •¦,-•; ¦. : ; ..- ../ ., .;¦ .. ¦. ¦ , ¦¦ , -.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 15, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind 8, velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
Per Btmr John. S Klmball, from Seattle,
Feb 15 — Had a sucesslon of ---' stronir SE gales
for two days. No damare done. -¦/
• Per bktn S N Castle, from Honolulu, Feb
15— Sailed from Honolulu Jan 24. Had a suc
cession of SW gales for two weeks. ¦ On Feb 8
carried away mainsail t.nd main gaff.
MEMORANDUM.
LONDON, Feb 14— Adelaide telegraphs ship
Columbia, from Ballard for Port Plrle, ashore
near Shoalwater Point (Spencer Gulf). Is be
ing lightened. No damage to vessel.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SPOKEN. ... ,.
Jan 15, ¦ lat 4 N, Ion 26 W— Ger ship Pera,
from Port Blakeley, for Hamburg. •- ...
I Dec 25, lat 35 S, Ion 26 W — Br ship County
of Inverness, hence Sept 23, for Queenstown.
Dec 18. lat 54 20 S, Ion 58 20 W— Br ship
Blythnwood, from Krazer River, for ¦ Liver
pool. ' ¦ •' ¦¦¦¦;¦¦¦.•'
Dec 26, lat 30 54 N. Ion 27 43 W— Ger ship
D H "Watjen, from Iquique, for Hamburg.
Dec 3t. lat 25 34 N, Ion 23 16 W— Br ship
Foylsdale, hence Sent 27, "- for Westriort.
Jan 2, lat 22 58 N. Ion 22 34 W— Ger ship
Erato, iience Oct 2, for Queenstown.
Saturday, February 15.
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman, Honolulu.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, Astoria.
Stmr. Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Queen, Hall, Victoria and Puget Soun3
ports. '
Stmr Santa Ana. Strand. Seattle.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hon^konr.
Br nhip Imberhorn, Lever, Queenstown.
Bark Albert, Grirnth, Honolulu.
Br bark Pharos, Tonkin. Queenstown.
SAILED.
.¦ Saturday, February 15.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. > .
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. ¦ . * •
Stmr Alameda, -Herrfman, Honolulu; J 1)
Srreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst. Astoria; A "W Beadle
& Co. .
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; O & O SS Co.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. February 15.
Etmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 35 hours from
Fort Braeg.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 7 J /i hours from
Portland, via Astoria BS hours.
Stmr Navarro, Devltt, 17 hours from Bowens
Landln". .
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Point Arena. _
Stmr Greenwood. Faxerlund, 30 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr John S Klmball, Thwing, 6 days from
Seattle.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, 20 hours from Men
doclno.
Stmr Arctic, JorKenson, 4 hours from • Eu
reka.
U S stmr Bear, Tuttle, 3 days from Saa
Dieeo.
Bktn S N Qastle, Nllson, 22 days from Hono
lulu. ¦¦-%¦;•:
, ./. CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Rev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "An Unsurpassed Keeper for
the Mind and Its Citadel." In the- even
ing Rev. L. M. Hartley will speak on
"The Temperance Tactics That Triumph."
Rev. John Hemphill of Calvary Presby
terian Church will preach this morni^c
on "Human Impossibility; Divine Possi
bility."- Rev. George C: Eldredge will
speak in the evening on "No Novelty in
Sin." ,
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Victory Through Defeat,"
and in the evening on "Mrs. Willard's
Character and Cause."
Rev. E. H. Avery of the "Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "What Sort of Persons Ought
We to Be?" and in the evening he will
deliver the second discourse on "John."
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning
on "The Uses of Lent." -
Rev. E. Nelander of the First English
Lutheran Church will preach this morn
ing on "In the Mount of Temptation,"
and in the evening on "The Alpha and
the Omega."
Rev. F. W. Clampett will speak on "A
Strenuous Life" before a mass meeting
at the Young Men's Christian Association
this afternoon. Mrs. Birmingham and
Mr. Barnhart will sing. ;.
Rev. Father Mahony will preach at the
10:30 o'clock mass this morning at St.
Ignatius. Rev. Father Forhan will preacn
In the evening.
Rev. M. P. Smith, C. S. B., will preach
the first of his course of Lenten sermons
at the 11 o'clock mass this morning !n
St. Mary's (Paulist) Church. His subject
will be "Indifference." .'• .
-The Lenten devotions of. the Calvarlan
Society will begin in St. Mary's Cathedral
this afternoon at 3 o'clock. The services
will consist "of "The Way of the Cross/V
Benediction and a sermon on "Greed," by
Rev. John A. Cull.
Rev. F. W. Lloyd of the' Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"A Sabbath for the Soul."
# Kev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
Power of the Things Invisible," and in
the evening on "Is the Sovereign of the
Home the Ruler of the World?" ' »
Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity M. K.
Church willv preach this morning on
"Christian Talk," and in the evening on
"The Ministry of Song."
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson
Memorial M. E. Church will preach this
evening on "The Light of Life."
Rev. F. A. Keast of the Epworth M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
Duties and Benefits of Church Member
ship," and in the evening on "What We
Owe the Negro."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Church will preach this
morning on. "Is the Christian Life Worth
Living?" and in the evening there will be
a musical service.
Rev. E. J. Harper of the Centenary M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The - Debt of Commerce to Evangeliza
tion," and in the evening on "Friend
ship." :
Rev. E.A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on "The
Work, of the Holy Spirit," and. in the
evening on "He That Believeth."
"Mind" is the subject of the lesson at
the First Church of Christ, Scientist, this
morning.
Rev. George C. Adams of the First
Congregational Church will preach .this
evening on "Jonah and His Trouble."- .
Rev. William Rader will preach this
morning on "The Surprises of Faith,"
and in , the evening on "Lincoln; His
Character and Career."
Special Lenten Services to Be
Held at St. Mary's
OathedraL ;\ ' • >¦
"Is the .Christian iife
Worth Liying?" Among
the Sul^ects.
VARIOUS THEMES
OF THE PASTORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SUNDAY, ; FEBRUARY 16, 1902.
34
Steamer. . I
From.
Due.
25S3LF* SSSf"! «? - *» ¦¦!?.
SSSSr! Snfa a> :. &P0rt " 6^^^ : «
Empire...... Coos Bay ..V.Y.VrY.-".". Feb 1«
Washtenaw.. Tacoma J 5" 5
I"val WilJapa Harbor ..'. \ \ ' ' m rib Jo
rae Portland & Astoria " rib 10
Ar f°- Coqullle River 4 Feb 10
nlt f.; Newport & Way - Ports Feb 18
Son:::: ? a a ,sr B . & .? v .!! t '^ i^ i
l=e a 8 ;;::: iffi & .^ Vay Ports:: || I
San Juan.... Panama & Way "ports" Feb 1«
Pomona...... Humboldt ....... T.. Feb i»
Columbia Portland & Aetorla .'.'.' F%b 19
Chas. Nelson. Redondo ..."• Feb l»
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports' Feb 20
P. eru - China & Japan ...... Feb'22
Newburg San Pedro ...... F fb 2^
c^ lracao Mexican Ports ...vM!!! Feb! ; 27
Steamer. '
Destination.
Balls.
Pier.
February 10.
Spokane.,.. S.^^WayP, 6 3^ SS, £
Argo..: Coquille River .... '4~nm Plw 9
Chehalls. . . Grays Harbor . . . ; . 12 m p££ 2C
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork. Humboldt '.......*.. 0 am pi** o
Empire.../ Coos Bay .......... 12 m Per M
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City .... a pm Per 11
S. Monica. . Humboldt ......... 10 am Pier i
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 mPefll
Eureka Humboldt ........; » a S p]ll Jq
Rival. . . . . . Wtllepa Harbor ... 5 pm P ilr a
Guatemala. Valparaiso. & Way. 12 m Pier In
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts 12. m PMBS
J. Klmball. Sosttle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier ->
February 10. ,*"
Lakme . Astoria & Portland. 6 pm Pip? •>
State Cal... San Diogo &;Way.. 9 am Hler 11
Bonita. ... . Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Australia.. Tahiti direct ...... 10 am Pier 7
Fc-hrnary 20. .•'.
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What. '5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports.; 11 am Pier U
February 23. . : .
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahului 12 'm Pier 20
Columbia.. Artorta & Portland. 11 am Pier' 24
Fcbrnnry 23. -.r
Coronado. . . Gray* ' Harbor. . . . . 5 pm pier •>
Coos Bay.. San Pedro "&. Way. $» am Pier 11
Newburg. . . Grdy« Harbor '~.i.: 5 pm Pier 2
February - 24. '¦¦- T
Mandalay.. Coquille River".... 6 pmlPler 2
¦ ¦, ¦ i. . Kcbrnary. 25. '
Kippon Mar China & Japan.... '1 pmlPMSS;
City Puebla Puget Sound, Ports. Ill amlPler 9
steamer.
For.
Sail*.
City of Seattle Kkatrway, ft Wav.PortR.lFeb. U
iMrljrn -. Skarway ' &. "Way = Porta.'Feb."' 2T
Dolphin ..;... Pkagway ;&, Way 'Poru. IFeb ¦' 22
Faralloa. . . . . j SkJiRway & Way ' Ports. Feb • IS
Excelglor..- Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts.lFebi 23
Sur
Sur
Mo.
16
I rises ....
I 1 sets . . . . ,
Dn sets ...
Time
Ft.
H W
5:21 5.2
0:11 2.9
1:22 2.9
2:24 2.9
3:20 2.7
4:11 2.3
5:00 2.0
H ,W "
0:25 5.4
ITimel
m
— i
12:40
H W
6:29
7:38
8:41
l>:38
10:31
11:22
L W
5:50
...:............" C:5:i
.............. ...:... ..::.5:4'J
... .. ....1:4-1 a. . m.
Time Tlm«
Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W
0.4 7:49 3.9
L, W ¦ ¦• H W
P.3 1:44 0.1 8:0.i 4.2
0.4 2:40—0.2 0:44 4.5
ti.ti 3:29—0.4 10:28 4.8
• r..7 4:14—0.4 11:10 6.1
5.7 4:56—0.3 11:48 5.3
5.6 5:36 0.0 ..:
H.W L. ,\V
1.7 12:10 5.4 C:16 0.4
17
18
19 I
20
21
»
Sur
Sur
Mo.
16
I rises ....
I 1 sets . . . . ,
Dn sets ...
Time
Ft.
H W
5:21 5.2
0:11 2.9
1:22 2.9
2:24 2.9
3:20 2.7
4:11 2.3
5:00 2.0
H ,W "
0:25 5.4
ITimel
m
— i
12:40
H W
6:29
7:38
8:41
l>:38
10:31
11:22
L W
5:50
...:............" C:5:i
.............. ...:... ..::.5:4'J
... .. ....1:4-1 a. . m.
Time Tlm«
Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W
0.4 7:49 3.9
L, W ¦ ¦• H W
P.3 1:44 0.1 8:0.i 4.2
0.4 2:40—0.2 0:44 4.5
ti.ti 3:29—0.4 10:28 4.8
• r..7 4:14—0.4 11:10 6.1
5.7 4:56—0.3 11:48 5.3
5.6 5:36 0.0 ..:
H.W L. ,\V
1.7 12:10 5.4 C:16 0.4
17
18
19 I
20
21
»
Steamer. . I
From.
Due.
25S3LF* SSSf"! «? - *» ¦¦!?.
SSSSr! Snfa a> :. &P0rt " 6^^^ : «
Empire...... Coos Bay ..V.Y.VrY.-".". Feb 1«
Washtenaw.. Tacoma J 5" 5
I"val WilJapa Harbor ..'. \ \ ' ' m rib Jo
rae Portland & Astoria " rib 10
Ar f°- Coqullle River 4 Feb 10
nlt f.; Newport & Way - Ports Feb 18
Son:::: ? a a ,sr B . & .? v .!! t '^ i^ i
l=e a 8 ;;::: iffi & .^ Vay Ports:: || I
San Juan.... Panama & Way "ports" Feb 1«
Pomona...... Humboldt ....... T.. Feb i»
Columbia Portland & Aetorla .'.'.' F%b 19
Chas. Nelson. Redondo ..."• Feb l»
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports' Feb 20
P. eru - China & Japan ...... Feb'22
Newburg San Pedro ...... F fb 2^
c^ lracao Mexican Ports ...vM!!! Feb! ; 27
Steamer. '
Destination.
Balls.
Pier.
February 10.
Spokane.,.. S.^^WayP, 6 3^ SS, £
Argo..: Coquille River .... '4~nm Plw 9
Chehalls. . . Grays Harbor . . . ; . 12 m p££ 2C
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork. Humboldt '.......*.. 0 am pi** o
Empire.../ Coos Bay .......... 12 m Per M
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City .... a pm Per 11
S. Monica. . Humboldt ......... 10 am Pier i
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 mPefll
Eureka Humboldt ........; » a S p]ll Jq
Rival. . . . . . Wtllepa Harbor ... 5 pm P ilr a
Guatemala. Valparaiso. & Way. 12 m Pier In
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts 12. m PMBS
J. Klmball. Sosttle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier ->
February 10. ,*"
Lakme . Astoria & Portland. 6 pm Pip? •>
State Cal... San Diogo &;Way.. 9 am Hler 11
Bonita. ... . Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Australia.. Tahiti direct ...... 10 am Pier 7
Fc-hrnary 20. .•'.
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What. '5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports.; 11 am Pier U
February 23. . : .
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahului 12 'm Pier 20
Columbia.. Artorta & Portland. 11 am Pier' 24
Fcbrnnry 23. -.r
Coronado. . . Gray* ' Harbor. . . . . 5 pm pier •>
Coos Bay.. San Pedro "&. Way. $» am Pier 11
Newburg. . . Grdy« Harbor '~.i.: 5 pm Pier 2
February - 24. '¦¦- T
Mandalay.. Coquille River".... 6 pmlPler 2
¦ ¦, ¦ i. . Kcbrnary. 25. '
Kippon Mar China & Japan.... '1 pmlPMSS;
City Puebla Puget Sound, Ports. Ill amlPler 9
steamer.
For.
Sail*.
City of Seattle Kkatrway, ft Wav.PortR.lFeb. U
iMrljrn -. Skarway ' &. "Way = Porta.'Feb."' 2T
Dolphin ..;... Pkagway ;&, Way 'Poru. IFeb ¦' 22
Faralloa. . . . . j SkJiRway & Way ' Ports. Feb • IS
Excelglor..- Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts.lFebi 23
Dry Goods <^§^|gPJI Company.
Black and Colored Dress Fabrics.
NEW WEAVES FOB SPRIN&
Voflc ChauHevse. o ¦¦ 'P ! Grenadine, Plain and
Oxlord Etamine. W^u r J£ K *L
rlfdn E'.amine. «.* v
Bordered SacKtnJ. , " «" ' Striped SilK and
Eolicnne Mouchctte. A r»t Wool Crcpc
SiiK end Wool ATI # Crepe Mjlange.
CrcpiUe. mf Ix- Vi$ovrcaux Coslvmc
AU-Wool 1 MhlraL NOVCltlCS. Cloth.
' - I- 1 Eolicnne
SilK and Wool , ¦ All-Wool Fancy
Crcp: dc Parts. STYLE Challies.
Crcps dc Chine French Cheviotte. '
Bcngaline dc Soie. QUALITY, SiIk SIrip f Fancy
Sacking Melanse. ,;.¦ .PRICE French Smt Cloth.
Voile q q Doeskin.
Popular Priced Materials,
In all the desirable - shades and tints, widths and weights,
opened on Monday.; •
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Goner Geary and StooVtoa Streets, Union Square.
AD VEBTISEMENTS. I
KD VEBTISElIEBrTS. ; ,
BEGINNING MONDAY..
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDINa SUNDAY.
Matinee Saturdays.
RETURN OF
LAST SEASON'S GREAT SUCCESS.
WM. A, BRADY'S
Production of the Beautiful Pastoral Play. ;
WAY
JL4/A.4Z7 1 •••
By IX)TTIE BLAIR PARKER. ' ~"\
Elaborated by JOS. R. GRISMES. I •
A PLAIN STORY '
OF PLAIN PEOPLF.
THE FLAT THAT HAH BEEN STTEX BT
MORE PEOPLE THAN ANT PLAT
~>v ' OF ITS TIME.
PRICES ......$150, $1. 75c. 50c. 23a
EXTRA! TO-NIGHT
Farewell 1 " s^» B
Recital At This Theater.
THE GREAT P/ANIST.
To-niafct'« Programme Will Include the Popu-
¦ lar Hits of His Recitals, Among
. . Them the .<
Oyert nre frora^rannhaflser"
SPECIAL PRICES— $££?• 0 ° c o -
SKATS at Columbia Bex Offlce TO-DAT.
UNION COURSING PARK
JNO. 8SACE. Jvigt; JAS. T. GRACS, Slipjsr.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - February 16th
Open and
SpecialStakes.
NEXT SATURDAY; AND SUNDAY,
CALIFORNIA PLATE
And BELLE BRANDON CUP.
$3000-— TOTAL PURSE-— $3000
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15 a. .
m.. 11 a., m.. 12 in and 1 p." m.' Returning at
4:45 p. m. and after the last course. San Ma-
teo electric cars every four minutes.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS: LADIES FREE.
j|||^ RACING
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKBY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races curt at 2:15 p. m. rharp.
i"*rry-boat leaves. San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:3«. 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and a p. m.. coanectln*
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. . Last two cars on train reserved toe
ladiea and their escorts; no smoktnff. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. Alt trains vu
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
i beet with San Pablo avenue cars at four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electrlq
cars so direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave tba track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after taa Uut i
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS m. Presiding
CHAS. T. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
COMING! '-=£-
. T^ ' Distinction.
WEEK CALL
16 Pages. $1 per Year
Week Commencing This Afternoon,
FEBRUARY /«.>
>•>... ............ • . •¦
Vaudeville Mixed!
Europe's Greatest Acrobatic Sensation,
THE BLOSSOMS,
Fumnakers Extraordinary.
First Appearance In Vaudeville of th«
Hawaiian Glee Club,
10 In Number! Vocalists and Instru-
mentalists.
The Eastern Celebrities. \
Warren & Blanchard,
The Comedian and Singer.
I LAST WEEK OF
MARY NORMAN,
'.- Society Caricaturist. .•
DEMPSEY&MACKCOC
In "A MAN OF CHANCE.",
¦¦3--MARYEL0ilS ¦¦ MERR1LS-4
Audrey. Boston and Fred. New.
Century Cyclists. ' * - ,
JESSIE iVaLE,^
THE GIRL BARYTONE.
-.** THE BIOGRAPH
< • With New Pictures.
-»¦¦¦»»• «».¦»»¦»¦¦.. ».
' . LASTTJMES OF ~" 'f~-
.Winchermann's Trainid Bears
And Performing Monkey.
.v ... . . . .... .;»..•...»•> • •
2 Parquet 25c, any seat: Balcony. 10c: ','
Children, 10c. any part except reserved. ;,
A few front Orchestra rows, reserved. >
50c; front rows of Balcony, reserved. I
" 25c * ]'Z
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"RAGLANiS WAY"
Week Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
lHA ?':-.i>-- ; EVENING. .
GEORpE OBER
I One of America's Foremost Comedians.
In Chas. Hoyt's Famous Comedy Drama,
- "A TEMPERANCE TOWN."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c.
'50c, 75c. . -
*Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.'
TO-NIGHT— LAST WEEK.
William Greet Presents the Powerful Ycung
.•> Herole Actor.
CHARLES DALTON
In WILSON .BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama,
THE SIGN OF THE GROSS.
A MAGNIFICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
NEXT SUNDAY- FEB. 23
MURRAY AND MACK,
IN
SHOOTING 1HS CHUTES.
ODD FELLOW«» H*LL. *
(Corner of Seventh and Market sts.)
DEL CARLO OPS ft A CO.
. ¦ Beginning SUNDAY, March 2. at 8 p. m.
sharp, and the evenings of Wednesday, March
6 Saturday, March 8, and Sunday, March O,
1002, "will . be presented for the first time in
San Frane'sco, .
"u'AMi:O FRi;Z"-!nItniln. ;
Opera, in 3 acts by Pletro Mascagni.
Orchestra Conductor. Prof. Aug. H. Rodemann
Concert Master or . the • Opera, Prof. V. Ursu-
mando. , .
"ArtiBts — Prlma Donna Soprano, Maria Welch'
Prlma Donna Contralto, Josephine Nllo; Tenor''
Chev. Pletro BuzzI; Artiste Utlllte. Glullo Cor-
teri; Second Barytone, Edoardo Ferret: Second
Tenor, Battista Barondi; Second - Soprano
Sanle Kruger. - • t j . . "
' Choruses of .' Peasants, Eoys, etc., etc
. FULL ORCHESTRA. New scenery especially
painted for this rroduction. ¦ ¦ ¦
: Splendid . costumes purposely made.
The sale, of. reserved -seats will b« announced
' ' later on. , , „
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE LECTURE
JUDGE ; WILLIAM G. EWINO of Chlcaxo
111., a member of the Christian Science Board
of Lectureship of the First Church of Christ.
Scientist, in Boston,' Mass.', will lecture in
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE SUNDAY AFTrR
NOON. Feb.. 16. at 3 o'clock: subecf '•ChrtsI
tian Science. - Physician and Redeemer " Ad-
mlsalon free and the public cordially Invited.
I PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
: -On^one Bld« ot these magnificent i
hotels : la the wholesale and manu- I
facturers* dlstrlct-on; the other re- J
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
• newspaper offices. bank» and thea-
Iff"- Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and : narlu—
. pass the entrance.
American ; and European plans.
AMTJSEMENTS. '
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
Week of Feb. 17— Last of the Famous Comedy
Success,
' PAUL STEINDORFF — Musical Director.
FERRIS HARTMAN — Stage Director.'
DON'T OVERLOOK
THIS LAST CHANCE.
YOU WILL SEE
A GREAT SHOW.
MONDAY. Feb. 24— Complete Production of
the Splendid Hit of the BOSTONIANS.
THE SERENADE.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush O. "
BEte&SCO a*o THAWS ,&$$&&
_ A, ... , - ttttlVt CfTT If/Hi
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Stea^ji.
MATINEE TO-DAY.'. .10c. 15c. 25c
TO-NIGHT — LAST TIME OF
AYbufigWife
Don't Miss This Melodramatic Treat.
PDIfF\ EV'as- — 10c."l5c. 25c; 35c and 50c.
riUW£3 MATINEES —10c. 15c. 25c.-
I TO-MORROW EVENING— Charles E. Blan-
p ' ; ¦••'¦»\r '•"; .'"- ey' a Great .War "Drama,
"AN AFRICAN KING."
"¦.:".* Belasco & Th'all, Manager*.*
• MATINEE TO-DAY. ' * '
TO-NIGHT— "THE ROGUE'S COMEDY."
TO-MORROW \ (Monday) and All Week, '
*!The: Latest German Farcical Success,
Orient Express"
, ALL ABOARD FOR THE LAND OF FUN I \
MATINEE SATURDAY 'AND SUNDAY. '
; Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance." >
PRICES ............ 1 5c. 25c. 35c « COc and 75c
GHUTESand ZOO
COMMENCING TO-DAY.
i^ELLY and
VIG»L:ETtE
THE FASHION ; PLATE " DUO.
' ¦'.•'¦ .'''':'— -AND—.: '.. ¦ ' / ' .
Gertrude St. Leon
»'. -.In Her Darlnsr. SLIDE FOR LIFE. '
ELLA BURT
•.COASTS THE CHUTES JON A BICYCLE.
Telephone for • Seats f Park ' 23. .
iEANSIDEJARDENS
/at'The'beach;'.
!' Bids , for ; concessions - and privileges of ¦. ¦. all
kinds -will • be 1 received ' at . the . company's office,
No. \ 210 ; Montgomery St., until FRIDAY, the
2Sth Inct, -'.:¦ ¦ • ~ . ' . ,<
I^JfiAN NORDIC A
. *• / Prices — v51» $2».$3«. """¦*""* "' '" '" s *"*""^"^""'" "
CHIGAGO SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
5O INSTRUMENTALISTS AND 4 EMINENT SOLOISTS.
' AD3LPH RO5EVBECKER, Corsduitor.
rrniTD rnisirFDTc: Wednesday and Friday nights, Feb. 2S and 28.
rUUK WUWUDKI O SATURDAY AFT. and NIGHT. March 1.
Season Tickets— $5. *3.5Oand $2.5O. Single Seats— SI.5O, $1 and 73c
) Complete Programm«s at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. where season sale opens To-morrow (Mon-
day). Singrle Seats ready Thursday. . '¦ ¦•¦"- .
I IMPORTANT NOTICE;
I Golden Gate (^loak
I and Suit Ilbuseo
I * ADVANCED STYLESFOR
P Ovr Former Policy Adhered to.
1 LATEST NOVELTIES.
I PERFECTION OF FIT and FINISH.
I PRICES BELOW COMPETITION.
I LADIES 1 TAILOR SUITS,
I LONG SILK GARMENTS,
I NOVELTY JACKETS,
I ELEGANT DRESS SKIRTS.
I SEE DISPLAY IN OUR WINDOWS.
I The Largest Exclusive CloaK arid
Suit House West of New YorK.
1230-12324234 Market St.Exchange and t Bullion.;
The; Doric took out a' treasure list of $007,-
' Business in. the'; Fruit 'market t was : dull,
owing ; to : the Inclement weather, and all prices
stood '¦'. the • same. V There was a ' fair movement
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London cablegram says: The stock
market .to-day was . moderately active 'with
Kaffirs supplying; the. bulk of trading "¦' Amer '
lean issues were quietly hard on the postpone
ment of the collection of the tax on stocks de
posited as collateral. The market disregarded
some selling In • anticipation ¦ that the state
ment of the New York Associated Banks mieht
make an unfavorable showing. Baltimore and
Ohio was the strong feature and Southern Rail
way preferred was freely absorbed by - New
York account on talk of a 5 per cent dividend
Copper stocks were steady. . . ¦,- • -
LOND ,°JL^ b - K 15 -— HOPS— Pacific Coast,
firm, £3 10s@£4 5s. • , ,
Lond'on Market.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— To-day's Treasury
statement shows available cash balance S171
664,022; gold. $86, 485.S15. - oalance . j *«3,-
Condition of the Treasury.
rise In this latter stock. The combined move
ment drove the ehorts to cover elsewhere and
the market rallied, wiping out the Important
part of the losses. Manhattan rose a point
over last night. There was a further Jump of
5 points in Burlington, Cedar Rapids and
Northern, making 17 polnt3 In three days.
Union Bag preferred gained 3 points. The
ttreet was prepared for a further expansion of
Joans and was apparently relieved that it was
no larger than $13,499,700, ' but tbe hope of a
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— An exceedingly er
ratic movement in Metropolitan confused the
speculative interest In to-day** stock . market
and discouraged activity elsewhere In tbe mar
ket. The large scope of the plan announced
and the large resources demanded for carrying
them out caused eome apprehension, as was
eeen by the break in the stock to below 168. after
an opening advance of over a point. This
and the disquietude over the threatened en
forcement of the tax on call loan collaterals
caused some sharp declines In the market, re
cessions reaching a point in some of the promi
nent etocks. There was a rally before the ap
pearance of the bank statement and a renewed
decline after Its appearance. Metropolitan was
then taken vigorously in hand and marked up
to 1% over last night's last price. Amalga
mated Copper also became very strong and
moved up 2%. An oversold short account was
seemingly responsible to a large extent for the
New York Stock Market.
Foreign 'Markets.
• ¦ . LONDON, a Feb. i'l5.--^Consols, 94%; Silver,
25 7-16d; French rentes, lOlf 27%c; wheafcar
goes:onf passage,", firm '.but ': not ; active; L No. ; 1
Standard- California; 29s- 7%d;. English coun
try markets, Mirm. ,. " ,.- >;- ... ,;. C>
:. LIVERPOOL.. Feb. 15. — Wheat, -firm;' No ! 1
Standard California, > 6s •¦ 3%d@6s 4d; wheat, in
Paris, steady ; flour ; in-, Paris. - steady; ¦ French
country > markets,- quiet;. .weather in' England,
overcast. • -.^spwpsaaMMSMMMHRflBs^' . .
COTTON— Uplands. ; 4 21-32d.
PORTLAND, Feb.; lk-r-Clearlnsa, $352,455;
balances, : $111,530. :
. TACOMA, Feb. 15.— Clearings, $228,988; bal
ances ; $74,546. .. . '¦¦¦': ¦''...' ..'..-.¦:'¦
." SPOKANE, Feb. 15. — Clearings, $250,190
balances, $20,774. ; -V -:•
, SEATTLE, Feb.' 15.— Clearings, $577,015; bal
ances,: $76,749. •¦•¦^&^SS^^^SI^mSS!S&^Stii
Northern 'Business
: Butter J and Eggs are almost ' cleaned ' out of
the market. 'The demand for both for shipping
account is. remarkable ; and ' very' unusual'- for
this * of ,[ the; year. ¦-• Eastern ; advices say
that prices '-, for ¦ Butter; and' Eggs In the West
and Northwest ;- are ! higher > than; ; for. '¦, many
'years, and that, supplies are short everywhere,'
owing to- the recent cold : , weather, 1 blizzards
and • interruptions ,• to : railway . transportation.
An order . for : a . car- of.* "Bakers' ;j Butter" 'has
been • received .' here '. from . Chicago, . but -, could
not i be filled, there being - nothing of the sort
here. V Attempts are being i made . to get up j a
couple . of . cars of Eggs for Chicago; but- thus
far they ' have been ¦ unsuccessful. . - The Puget
Sound , : orders ' ( here : are -: large ,' and 270 ¦ cases
were - shipped [out yesterday , for > this •; account.
The- Territories 1 arelnithe market,'-- tco, • and
as the Lenton demand' is brisk It will.be seen
that the I market 'for both '- Butter and Esrsrs is
' in . exceptionally i good ' shape, ¦; in spite of -. the
liberal : receipts. «..¦:.••"' '.; ,"¦ "'¦;¦• • f ' :v
There ¦ is : nothing ' new in Cheese. .> ' , .
". Receipts -were -36,200. pounds, ¦» tubs and
il ..bbls of' Butter, ? 11 51; cases .'of "Esrsrs, 4400
pounds- of ¦, California". Cheese.;— — pounds; of
Oregon Cheese -and — —/pounds of- Eastern
Cheese. 1 ..-':" -'S'-.' •'<.« *- ' •¦''¦•'¦'¦ '¦- ,-• ' ' v "."''
BUTTER— Creamery, 2S%@29c per ' Ib'..-. for
fancy 27%@2Sc for ; firsts and 26@27c for sec
onds: dairy, . 17%@27%c; . store . Butter, 14@18c
— New. ll%c: old.' 10@llc;; Young
America," 12@13c: Eastern,: 13@15c per lb.' ¦ »
•-EGGS— Ranch, 21c for. selected large and 10@
20c for good ~ to choice ;, store, ; 10c per dozen.. -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
EASTERN MARKETS.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, / Feb. . 15.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
steady; Blue Stem, 65%c; Club, 64% c.
, PORTLAND. Feb. 15. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla,- C5@65^c; Valley, 65c;, Blue. Stem. 6C@
66%c
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb.MS. 1 — Cotton futures closed
steady. 3@6 points higher. .,-
NEW YORK, Feb. 15. — Trading on the
metal market, to-day was very slow. Quo
tations in the , tin : market steady . to firm at
$24 87%@25. , • ..1... ' •/....' ..'.;;
¦Copper was steady, with lake quoted at
$12 37%@12 62%: electrolytic at $12 25@12 60.
ind casting atll2 12%@12 37%. ¦
Lead was steady to firm at $4 12%.
Spelter was quiet and unchanged at $4 10
. Iron was firmly, held but quiet • :/l;'.fi ¦ ¦'-'
New York Metal Market.
The storm continues In its northeasterly
course and Is now central over British Colum
bia. Heavy rain has fallen over Oregon and
Washington, and high southerly winds are re
ported from the Columbia River northward.
At Xeah Bay 2.20 inches rainfall are reported.
At Seattle 1 :3o. at Aftorla 1.44.
Rain has fallen in moderate showers over
California north of Point Conception on the
coast and north of Fresno in the interior
The temperature has risen from 6 to 10 de
grees over nearly tbe entire country west of
th« Rocky Mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, widlnir mldnlpht. February 16. 1902:
Northern California — Showers Sunday; con
tinued warm: fresh southerly winds
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday; brisk southerly
¦winds. ,
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Occasional
ehowers Sunday: light southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
GAME— Hare,- 75c@$l; : Rabbits, $160. for
Cottontails ' and $1 " f or • Brush; Gray Geese,
$3; White Geese,' 75c@$l; Brant, $1 50®2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50;. English .Snipe. $3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50@2;. Robins. $1 50 per doztn.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 17®20c; Live
Turkeys. . 13@14c. for, Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 60@l 75; Goslings,
$2®a 25: Ducks.' $5<3>5 50 for old and $6®7 for
young; Hens, , $4 50@5 50; young • Roosters, $5@
6; old 'Roosters, ?4@4'60; Fryers, $4 50@5 60;
Broilers,' $4 50@5 for large and $3@4 for small;
Pigeons,' $1 SO per ¦ dozen : for '. old ¦• and . $2 r>0@
2 75 for ' Squabs. .'; : , .»--.-
. Receipts or Game: were 00 sacks. Hare was
in - over , supply and . weak. Other kinds sold
eiowly at the quotations. • ' -
•The Poultry market: was Tin fairly good
shape, as receipts' were Jlght and there was
a fair demand for young stock. Old Pigeons
continued to sell well at previous prices.' -Three
cars of Eastern "¦ are expected .for Monday's
market.! Receipts ' of Dressed Turkeys . were 0
cases and sold readily at the quotations.
Poultry and Game.
NEW, YORK, Feb. 15.— Exports of specie
from this port to all countries ¦ for this, week
aggregated $77,520 silver and $13,200 gold. '
The import of specie this week was $44,651
gold and .'14,064 stiver. . ..
The imports of dry goods and merchandise
at the. port of New York for this week were
valued at $10,142,395.
Exports and Imports.
Surplus, $13,560,850; decrease. $1,335,375
NEW YORK, Feb. 15.— The Financier fays-
The statemftit of the New York Associated
Banks thia week showed a record-breaking
maximum in the items of loans and of de
posits and this, too,, notwithstanding a. loss of
cash. The official return of the cash was
entirely at variance with the estimates based
upon tfce traceable irovements of mon«»y be
tween the banks and the Treasury and th<»
interior, the official statement showing a net
Iofs of ?686,100 made up of a gain of $1 r,10 -
700 in specie and a loss of $2,202,800 in legal
tender*, while the estimated movement shewed
a ealn of *2.(il9, 100 cash. This discrepancy
may be accounted for by an . outward move
ment of legal tenders through the mall to Bos
ton and Philadelphia, which shipments were
not reported by the bank tellers, who confined
their reports to the amount of money which
was delivered to or received from the express
companies. The loans were . expanded . Unt
week by ?13.408.700. This makes a total ex
pansion since the second week in. January of
$67,767,900, and the loans now are 5932 OCW 700
or $13,215,100 greater than the largest amo'unt
of loans on record, which was $918 78tt 600
March 0. 1001. j Deposits were increased' bv
$14,597,100. showing that tho statement i* out
of harmony. The surplus reserve was reduced
$4;335.3'.5 to $13,560,850, or only $708,400 above
the surplus* at the corresponding date a vear
ago. . Then the cash holdings of the banks
wen; $265,684,700, whereas now they are 8^87
380,800. Comparisons of changes in the Item
of loans and of olsh by seven of the "Wall
street banks" show that six out of the number
increased loans by $12,400,000, while one bank
showed a decrease of $1,400,000, maklne a' net
gain of $11,000,000. Two of the six banks" ex
panded loans by ?0,000,000. • ,
NEW YORK, Feb. 15.— The statement of
the associated banks for the week ending to
day 6hows:
Loans, $932,004,700: increase, $13,498 700
" Deposits, $1,015,279,000; increase $14 597 100
Circulation, $31,214,100; decrease, $67,600 ¦'
Legal tenders, $72,825,200; decrease, $2,202.-
Specte. $194,555,400: increase. $1,510 700
Reserves. $267,380,600; decrease, $626 100'
Reserve required, $253,819,750; incr&ase *."J -
049,275. - ' '
Weekly , Bank Statement.
" CHICAGO, Feb. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200; market, nominal. Good to prime steers,
$0 50@7 25; poor to medium,. $4@4 50; stockers
and feeders. $2 50@4 60; cows. $1 75@5; heif
ers, $2^0®5; canners. $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2 50
@4 60; -calves. $2 50@7 60; Texas steers, $4 25
@5 75. ¦ ! .¦ ¦¦ *sV V ¦- ¦ S .
HOGS— Receipts .to-day, 22,000; estimated
for Monday. 44,000; left over, 7500. Market
opened steady to strong and closed weak.
Mixed and butchers, $5 75@8 30; good to choice
heavy. $6 25-gG 42%; rough heavy, $5 90@6 20;
light $5 50©5 85; bulk of sales. $5 85@0 20.
SHEEP — Receipts, 20,000;- market,, steady:
good to choice wethers, $4 75@5 25 ;1 fair to
choice mixed. $3 75@4 b'0; Western sheep, $4. r >0
<S)0; native lambs. $3 75@6 75; Western lambs.
$5 25@6 75. :¦.: .
Eastern Livestock Market.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $0; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 Su;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $8 50; Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
; Welsh Anthracite, $14: Cannel, $11 per
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32035c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c.
General Merchandise.
THE COAST RECORD.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Feb. 15—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 112 112% 4s qr c (new)I38%13!»>i
4s qr regr. ...112 112% 3s qr coup. .lOSVilOO
Foreign Futures. :
Wheat — March. May.
Opening '. »2 6 2%
Closing ......". ..:.... 8 2 0 2%
PARIS. !
Wheat— * " Feb. May.-Aug.
Opening ...2130 22 45
Closing 21 35 22 45
Flour —
Opening 28 70 23 20
Closing 20 75 y 2S 15
The firmness in Potatoes continued and
choice ; offerings were firmly held. ' \ The ' Ore
gon steamer brought 4667 sacks, most of which
were in good condition ; and, , unlike' recent • re
ceipts, showed little or no effects of frost
Onions wero barely steady, and few sales
were reported.
' Offerings of ¦ Peas and ¦ Beans from Los (An
geles were more liberal and prices were a
shade lower.< Tomatoes were weaker, owing to
the heavy arrivals - of Mexican Egg- Plant.
Summer Squash ¦ and Green Peppers con
tinued to bring fancy prices. Rhubarb
from San Leandro sold well at slightly higher
prices."/ i?;*^^ 1 .' ' '-
Asparagus of natural growth from San An
dreas Island * and Bouldin Island sold at £>0c
per 4b. ¦ Three boxes came in. ¦ . ••*
POTATOES— $110@l 35 forBurbanks from
the river; Salinas Valley Burbanks. «l 50®
185; Oregon Burbanks. $1 25@1 75; Oregon
Garnet Chnes, $1 40(&l 55; River Reds. $1 60©
1 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 75; t-mail
Burbanks, for seed, $1 25@1 45; Sweets, $1 4«/
@1 50 for Merced, f —
ONIONS — Oregons. $2 25@2 50.- first hands;
Australian. $3; Nevada, $2 65; Green Onions.
G0(R65c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb 10@12%c per- lb;
Green Peas trom Los Angeles. 6@8c; . Strjng
Beans, from Los Angeles. 10@15c, including
Wax- Cabbage. 40@5Ue per ctl; Los Angtles
Tomatoes; ?2 per box and $2 50 per crate; Mex
ican Tomatoes, < $2@2 50 per box; Dried . Pep
pers, 12%@l5c*per lb; Los Angeles do, m©
17%c: Dried iOkra,' 12%@15c per lb; Carrots.
35® 50c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1
per dozen for ' large and 50@75c for small;
uarlio, lVi®-^4c: Lo« .Angeles Greon ¦ Peppers.
£0@25c; Mexican do, 20c; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, 25c: , Summer Squash ,. from
Los Angeles, $2 ; Marrowfat Squash, 58@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $8@10; Mushrooms,
40c@$l 50 per box. ' . ¦ . : ¦ -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
PORK — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6@
6V4c; 200 lbs and over. 5%@5%c; feeders, 6%c;
sows,* 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off,
and stags. 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7%©9c.
-Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF — 6%®7%c for Steers and 6®7c per lb
for Cows. . . .
VEAL — Large, 8@9c; small, 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%©Sc
per lb. .
LAMB — Yearlings. 9®9%o per lb; Spring
Lamb. • 11®12%c per lb.
The week' closed with quiet and steady mar
kets under this head. ,
San Francisco Meat Market'.
EAN FRAXCISCO. Feb. 15-^5 p. m.
Tbe following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last twenty-four hours: ,
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.19 29.29 32.66
Red Bluff 0.58 17.54 18. 83
Sacramento 0.37 ».1*S 13.80
San Francisco .. 0.72 10.33 14.70
Fresno Trace 2.78 9.31
Independence' 0.00 1.39 5.47
Ban Luis Otispo. 0.30 7.74 2tt.33
L03 Angeles 0.00 4.21 13.59
8an Diego 0.00 2.48 S.55
— — -^—— — — — — — - — .—^ — — — — — ____
San Francisco data : Maximum temperature,
C3; minimum. 54: mean, SS.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 40-24 ' Washington R2-22
Cincinnati 2J-12 Omaha 28-14
Philadelphia .^«-22;Ouluth SO-18
New York '-ro i.-hicago 20-18
Kansas City t«-lu St. Louis 30-12
Jacksonville C2-5C J^alt Lake City 44-36
(120;h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
There Is nothing further new in I Beans, ex
cept that Blackeye are . closely held, by one
dealer, who refuses to let go under . the 'ad
vanced quotations. -
BEANS — Bayos, $2 35®2 60; Small White,
$2 1KK83 S!O; Large White, $2 75@3: Pea, $3 50
©4; Pink. $1 00®2 20; Red. $2 75@:<: Black
eye,' $3 70(g*: Llmas. $4 45®4 65; Red Kid
neys. $3 854D4 per ctl. ,.
¦ SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 85@3: Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Ca
nary, 3&@3V-c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah. 8%c: Rape, l>i@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
, PRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 25@1 65; Green.
$1 25®1 50 per ctl. ;
Beans and Seeds.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull; winter patents, $3 80@4;
straights. $3 40@3 70; clears. $3@."J 40; spring
specials, $t 20; patents. S;J 20i@>3 70: straights
¦ $2 90<53 20; No. 3 spring, wheat, 75yj@7«%c;
No. 2 red, 85c; No. 2 .oats. 4 lc ; No .2 white,
45%@4Gc; No. 3 white, 45@45%c; No. 2 rye,
T!0%c; fair to choice malting barley, 61@63%c;
No. 1 fiaxseed, ?1 67; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 71%; prime timothy seed, $6 00; mess pork.
per barrel, $15 75@15 85; lard, per 100 pounds
?9 SSif^ 37%; short ribs sides (loose). $8 35
*<x 8 50; dry salted shoulders, (boxed). 7@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 80<S8 90; whisky,
basis of high wines, $131; clover, contract
grade. $9 30@9 35. \ ... '
¦ Articles — •¦'. Receipts.' Shipments.
Flour, barrels 31.000 •• 31,00*)
Wheat, bushels ..•..¦.•....•¦.'62.000 99.000
Corn, bushels ......;....'. Sfl.OOO I 35,000
Oats, bushels ' . . . . .' '. . :i2fl,000 • 101.00ft
Rye. bushels 2.000' 3. CO
Barley, bushels 40.000 ¦ 21.000
On the- Produce Exchange to-day.' the Button
market was firm. Creampry. -17(f?28c: Dairies,
lC@22c. • Cheese, firm, 10@12c. Eggs, strong;
.fresh. 20@30%c. ; -,-..-
Tha monthly reports for January IS of the
Alaska-Mexican and Alaska United mining
companies are at hand. The former reports
20,015 tons ore crushed, yielding $20,836, and
390 tons sulphurets, valued at $19,422. The
gross receipts for the month were $43,198. the
ore averaging $2 15 per ton. and the working
expenses were $29,119. The Alaska United re
ports 19.710 tons ore crushed, yielding *1*.7M.
and 398 tons sulphurets, valued at $11,713.
Total receipts for the month were $33,440,* the
ore averaging $1 70 per ton. The working ex
penses for the month were $20,699.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
will pay a dividend of 60c per share on tha
20th.
Sales on the OH Exchange last week were
50,131 shares, valued at $25,406, the leading
sales being; as follows: California Standard.
IOOO shares; Four, 52OO; Home. 2923; Junction.
2800: Petroleum Center. 18.650; Reed, 17.284;
Occidental, 1060; Lion, 1000; Monarch, 40.00;
Oil City. 1000.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Four Oil, lc; Contra Costa Water, resular
monthly, 42c per share, amounting to S20.
.590 92. Port Costa .Water, regular monthly.
30c per share, amounting to $150O. Oakland
Gas Light and Heat, regular monthly, 23c per
share, amounting to $7500.. Presidio Street
Railway, regular monthly^ 20c per share,
amounting to $2000.
The oil stocks were neglected and the ex
charge adjourned after the 10:30 session in
respect to ex-President George "W. Terxill. who
died in Oakland yesterday morning.
There waa a fair business In scattering
stocks on the Bond Exchange, with no note
worthy variation aslda from a decline In Mar
ket-st. R. R. to $80.
Both Hay and Feedstuff s continue rather
soft,' owing to the rain, but neither, show any
change in prices. r - •¦
BRAN- ?1S 50@19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $19 5G@21 per ton.
1 FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $I9@20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Jobbing,
$28 50@20; Cocoanut Cake, $20® 21; Corn Meal,
$31®32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 60; Mixed
Feed, $17® IS 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
THAT — Wheat. $10@13 50; fancy,' $14; Wheat
and Oat. $10@13 60; - Oat. S9@ll 50: Alfalfa.
$S@H; Clover, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50®9; Stock,
$0ti3 50 per ton.
bTRAW-^OgCSc per bale. -
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquln. 6gSc: San 7ua
quln Lambs'. 7%@S%c; Middle County, 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do
fall, 14@15c per lb.
¦ HOPS— 10@llc for fair, and ll%@12o p>r lb
for good to choice. Local . dealers quote IOH
15c for shipment.
' HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, Dc; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 8%c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 0%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, v 14c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, l5@30c
each; short Wool, 40@60cs each; medium, 65®
75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75® 3 for. large and $2 00 for medium.
$1 75<@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 6U for medium,
SI 25 for small and BOc for Colts. Deer
ekins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime . Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 60c; medium, 35c;- *
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5%@Cc per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3c
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Articles— ; Open. High. ' Low. Clos,e.
•February ......... 76 l i
May .; 78%, 78% .78',i'. 78%
July ...... 78% 79V6 78& 79 **
Corn No. 2- —
May..... 62 62% 01% 62%
July ........... Gl% C2% ,til% ; C2H
September ...... 00% 01% t;0% oiSi
Oats No. 2 — • ¦ - • . .'.'¦.
May 43% . 43% 43% 43%
July 87% .37% 36% 37i2
September ..... «1% - 32 ¦ ol% ¦' "32
Mess Pork,' per barrel — •
May 15 87% 1G 00 15 87J,4 15 97'i
July ...:.. ltf 00 16 07% 15 07% 16 07%
Lard, per 1C0 pounds — "
May !) 42%; 0 52% 9 42% ' 9 52%
July ..:... 0 52% 9.62% 9 60 0 CI'/j
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — .
May ;.. 8 50 .8 57% 8 50 S 57%
July 8 02% 8 tt> 8 60 ' 8 65
September 8 70- ,8 75 8 70 8 75
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75. usual terms ;' Bakers' Extras. $3 40<@3 50;
Oregon, $2 754*3 per barrel for. family and $3i{
3 35 for Bakers'; Washington Bakersi $3@3 35.'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks lalfe as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; "Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal.'?-' 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, So; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; : Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; -Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85®
ti 35; in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, S5; Green Peas,' $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... H.siS Onions, sks 71
Oats, ctls... i... 2W!Bran. sks 1.S20
Potatoes, sks... 4, «!67j Middlings, sks.. 400
FOR SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15.
Flour, qr sks... 27.088, Hay. tons 222
Wheat. cUs 10,7001 Shorts, sks 155
Barley, ctls S,73O| Leather, rolls... «U
Oats, ctls lslWine. gals 113,300
Beans, sks RiHIdes. No 1SH
Potatoes, sks... 2.595 1 Pelts, bdls ISO
Onions, sks 35<)!LIme, bbls 1S2
Bran, sks 2.KC0 Sugar, ctls 223
Middlings sks.. 105; Quicksll. flsks.. 130
Wool, sks BiTaUow. cUs.... 22*
Hops, bales 35
Receipts of Produce.
"In rs:fi:.s epot loose is firm, -with e%c
ruling for three-crown grade. Cartons are
held a.t from o'*c to bVic for choice and S%c
to b%c ior tar.cy 1-lb packages. Rather more
buying interest is reported in some quarters.
Valencia layer raisins are held at 7&c i.pot.
A moderate interest is reported. London
layer* are held at fl 70. In apricots and
f»eaches the views of sellers are showing more
firmness and rather more interest is noted for
email lots. In dates the market remains
tteady for Persians, with occasional business
noted within ihe quoted range. Figs continue
in fcood rtMjuett and bUFine&t, amounting tc 25
case* is reported at -full prices. In nuta we
note a continue*! tirmness in Jordan almonds.
Goods offer to arrive nearby at 43c, but holders
oa the epot ask up to 44c. A late cable from
the other side reports the market practically
bare, with cost to lay down here the equiva
lent of 44 %c. Valencia ehelled almonds are
eteady. Sicily shelled show a fair movement
on tte quoted basis. In filberts 8c is asked
oa the spot. A somewhat 6trongpr feeling Is
reported from the ether side. In other nuts
a moderate buying interest is noted within the
Quoted range."
"The general situation presents few import
ant features. In a few of the leading articles
tbere is noted a fair jobbing Jnterest, irtth
a rather better feeling observed in spot prunes.
We hear of tha movement of several rcund
lots of 40s-50s for nearby Interior account on
the basis of 6%c for fine &anta Clara, fruit In
2S-lb boxes. borne inquiry is noted alto for
export account through this market, with sev
eral carloads purchased from the coast on the
3c i. o. b. four-size ba*is on old Santa Claras.
Most holders on strictly new Santa Clara in
Iti-lb boxes bold at ti ! ,c basis, but less desir
able quality can be bought on a basis of from
He to >jc lower. .Supplies hete are fairly
large and under prevailing conditions the mar
ket is steady. Oregon prunes are In fair pob
bing request within the quoted range. In cur
r&nts there continues to be noted some easi
ness, with 5%c generally ruling on fine
Amallas uncleaned In barrels.
Mai! cfivicea from New York eay:
Dried Fruit in Nrd) York.
. COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 10%c: threa
half-barrels. 10c: one tierce. 9%c; two tierce?,
»%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure. HV4c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll^c;
3-lb tins. 12c.
Dealers In this market are hintinjr at a
possible change in prices during the coming
week, bet thus far the market stands as be
fore, beins dull.-'
CURED MEATS — Bacon. ll%o per 1 lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, : 13c for light.
,14c for extra light and 14%@15c for sugar
cured; lEsstern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12%r;
California Hams. 11 @ 12c; Mess Beef. $8 iu@
10 per barrel: extra Mess, $10 60@ll; Family.
Sll 60@12; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra cle&r.
$22 5O@23; Mess, $18 S0@19; Smoked Beit.
13%@a4c p«r~ib.
V Chicago was higher and firm. Offerings
were light and the packers sold on the slight
est advance. Hogs continue in largo receipt,
with a Door cash demand. Packers and coun
try dealers are both . bullish and there Is not
"much selling pressure. , .,;,"- ¦'¦.
Provisions.
Local bank clearings during the past week
were $24,046,371. against $23,425,835 during the
tame week lact year.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK STOSK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 1.300 • 77% 77% 77%
Atchison pfd ...... 300 97% 97% 95»i
Bait & Ohio 4,300 105% 104% 104%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 94 94 94
Canadian Pacific ¦ .¦ .... m%
Canada Southern .. 200 86% SC S0%
Chesapeake & Ohio 600 46% 46 40%
Chicago & Alton.. > 200 34% 34 33%
Chic &. Alton pfd "-75%
Chic Ind & Louis.. -5,000 5t% 53% 53
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 400 83 78% 78%
Chic & East III.... 100' 142 142 141
Chic & Great West." 3.400 24%" UV. 24%
Chic & G W A pfd. 2.300 86 86 85
Chic & O W B pfd. 200 47% 47% <47
Chic & Northwest. 217%
Chic R I & Pac... 400- 164% 163% 164 {
Chic Ter & Tr 100 16% 16% 10
Chic Ter & Tr pfd 31 Vi
CC C & St Louis.. 200.101% .101% 101%
Colo Southern .... 6.600 19% 18% 18%i
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 3.800 67% 66% 66%
Colo Sou 2d Dfd... 4,500 35% 34% 34%
Del & Hudson..... 100 172 172 171%
Del L>ck A West 282
Denver & R G ... .... 4« .
Denver & R G pfd. 1.100 93% 03% - 93%
Erie ¦ 3,300 40 39% 39%
Erie 1st pfd 900 69% 69% oa%
Erie 2d pfd.. 100 66% 56% 6G
Great Northern pfd 300 188% 188 188%
Hocking Valley «"%
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 84% 84% W%
Illinois Central ... 1,300 141% 140% 140%
Iowa Central 900 49 47% 48
Iowa Central pfd.. . ,800 81% 80% 80%
Lake Erie & West 68
Lake E & W pfd.. .... 133
Louisville & Nash. 1,000 105% 104% 105
Manhattan L ... 10.500 ' 134 132% 133%
Metropolitan St Ry 5,200 .171% 167% 171%
Mexican Central .. 100 28% 28% . 28Vi
Mexican National.. 500 10% 16% 16%
Minn & St Louis.. 300 110% 110% 110%
Missouri Pacific . . 1,400 104 103% 103%
Mo Kan & Tex.... 100 25 25 25
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 700 64% 54 549i
N J Central , .... 173
N Y Central 1.300 164 . 163% 163%
Norfolk & West... 1,100 57% 57% 52%i
Norfolk &. W pfd •.... 90%
Ontario & West... 600 34 33% ' 33%
Pennsylvania 4,800 151% 150%' 151
Reading : ." 8.300 58 67W . 57%
Reading 1st pfd... 2,600 83% ' 83% 83>,i
Reading 2d pfd....' 7,700 ' CS% 67% 07%
St L & S F .400 'C2V4 62 Cl%
St L & S F 1st pfd. :... ..... 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 200 .73% 73% , . 73%
St L Southwest 100 20% 26% 26%
St L Southwest pfd 1.000 59% 59 59
St Paul 9,200 166- 165%, 165%
6t Paul pfd.... ........ 190
Southern Pacific .. 14,900 67 '. C6% - 60%
Southern Railway.. 4,100 34% 33% 33%
Southern Ry pfd... 2,200 97% 96% '96%
T».xas & Pacific... 1,000. 42% 41% 42
Tol St L & West.. 800 21% 21% 21%
Tol Bt L & W pfd. 200 42 41% 41
Union Pacific 10,600 ,103% 102% 102%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 89% ". 89% '. &9W
Wabash ... 4.600 24%' 24 ~ 24U
Wabaeh pfd ...... 2,W 43% 4.1% 43%
W & Lake Erie ... 400 19% \19 18%
W & L Erie 2d pfd. .::.. .... 30
Wisconsin. Central. - 200 21 20% 20%
Wlscon Cen pfd .. 100 40% .40% 40%
gain in caeh was disappointed and the decline
of $026,100 in that item raised the question
whether the return flow of currency to Chi
cago and interior points is imminent. The
market closed quite active and firm at the
rally. On the curb market there were sales
of Metropolitan securities when Issued at 110
and the bid price was advanced to 116. There
were Bales of the subscription rights at 110.
The upward tendency of prices which was
established last week was carried over into
this week and there was an active market
with shifting point* of a sixteenth during the
early part of the week. The selling to realize
profits gained effect during the week, however,
the midweek Interruption of the holiday serv
ing as an encouragement to this, and earlier
gains were in consequence much reduced, while
in a few weak spots wide breaches in values
were made. The operations were evidently in
the hands of speculative pools for the most
part and the discouragement over the unre
sponsive attitude of the general speculative
public had much to do with the culmination
of the rise. There were, however, several
changes In actual conditions that helped to
ward reaction. The proposal of the Brooklyn
Rapid Transit Company to authorize a bond
issue of 915O.4JOO.OCO was a chilling revelation.
Details are lacking as to the portion of this
Issue which it is proposed to float at once and
the purpose to which the proceeds are to b*
put, but the figures are formidable in the sug
gestion of demands upon capital and the fu
ture arrangement for interest. Following upon
the large bond issues for railroads whose
claims to earnings will take precedence of
present stock issues and of new stock issues
which will have equal claims with present
Issues the effect upon speculative opinion waB
disquieting. Last week's great loan expan
sion by the New York banks, which seemed
to begin In the early part of the week, was
gl\-en renewed consideration and revived
anxiety over the rapid expansion of credits.
It is true that the loan expansion of the New
York banks since the first of the year has
been only a little more than half as much as
during the corresponding period of last year,
while the replenishment of reserves has been
much nearer the increase of last year, so that
the present condition of the New York Clear
ing-house banks Is not materially different
from that of last year. The position of the
New York banks as the holders of the greater
part of the ultimate reserve for the whole
country has to be taken into consideration.
New York trust companies have Increased their
loans on collateral to an enormous extent dur
ing the past year, while their reserves are on
deposit with New York banks, except for an
insignificant part, and figure in the reserves
of the banks. Deposits of interior banks in
New York are included In the same way. The
credit expansion the country over has there
fore increased the liability of New York bank
reserves. This gives added influence to any
suggestion of financial trouble in the interior,
even where It Is of email proportions. Money
has continued easy in • Wall street, notwith
standing last week's heavy Inroads upon sur
plus reserves! When the money rate runs up
to attractive figures it is usual for the local
trust companies to -draw on their deposits with
the banks to place loans. When the rate re
cedes to about the figure paid by banks on
deposits the trust companies are likely to call
loans and to deposit with the banks. This
is likely to have the effect of exaggerating the
tendency of the money market toward plethora
or stringency, as the case may be. It is prob
able that loans are being transferred from trust
companies to the banks, thus increasing the
loan accounts of the banks much more than
the actual outstanding credits are increased.
The money market has not had any gold ex
port movement to reckon with this week.
Opinion differs as to whether the export move
ment has ended or is only suspended. The
Bank of England evidently has control of the'
London market and could make an advance In
its rates effective on the money market, but
the Continental demand upon London for gold
has relaxed and Berlin has been a free lender
In London. A continuance of this latter con
dition will preclude the likelihood of further
gold exports frpm here. Some Importance is
attached to the decision to apply the loan tax
of the war revenue law to call loans on stock
operations on margin. The frequent shifting
of 'these loans and of the collateral and the pay
ment of the tax separately on each transaction
would make the cost of such loans prohibi
tory and would cut off the largest part of the
activity In the stock market. Some of the
later selling of stocks is attributed to this
cause. The increased .number of railroads
which are reporting decreases in grots earn
ings compared with last year for the first
week in February has not been without effect
on the market. These decreases are attributed
to the great falling off in the grain movement.
General merchandise traffic is reported to be
well maintained. General conditions of busi
ness are reported. encouraging and the demand
for all grades of Iron and steel products is
phenomenal. The general, undertone of the
market has in consequence shown firmness in
epite of the speculative profit taking.
There has been a broad and active demand
for bonds, which has (tended to bring prices
of many of the newer and lower grade issues
toward the price level of the high-grade In
vestment mortgages.
United Ptatf s new 4s advanced % per cent
from thsji??oslng call of last week.
CHICAGO, Feb. 15.— Higher cables and pre
dictions of smaller world shipments resulted in
a slightly better opening .: in wheat, but' the
character of the trading was of the same poor
sort as has been manirested for the past few
weeks.. Most ' of the business was slow and
confined to the local . crowd. . Outsiders kept
out of the market to a marked , degree. A
bullish interpretation', put on the j French Gov
ernment crop report was ' shown in the Paris
cables and engendered still better sentiment
here. There was even Vn attempt to bull the
market on this news. Many views of.'condi
tions, however, worked against the tone of the
market. Northwestern and primary receipts
were liberal, St. Louis was weak and j the
weather was favorable. < . Good ! Jinee were bid
for at New York, but would be taken only at
declines. Prices seesawed narrowly. May
opened %a higher at 78%c. sagged %c and
then gradually worked upward to 78%c. May
closed firm %@%c higher at 78%@78%c.
Corn was quiet but showed a much better
feeling. Liverpool was slightly higher T and
there was ' some talk of an improved export
demand. May closed firm %c up at <U%@
Oat's were dull. May closed firm, %c higher
at 43%c. > ¦ ¦•¦
Provisions had a small trade though, with
better tone on a ¦ light run of hogs at ¦ the
yards. May pork closed 10c higher, lard 32V,c
up and ribs 7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged a3 follows : .
Chicago Grain Market.
COAL OIL — Water "White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene.
22c ; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15c; la
cases. 21 %c; Benzine. In bulk. 14c; In cases.
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; la
cases, 26%c.
TURPEXTKE — 67c p«r sallon In casss and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.00c; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners' A. 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (lOO
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c: Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels. 23c more; boxes, BOc more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes. 5.55c per lb.
Oil; — California Castor Oil. tn cases. No. 1.
70c; Pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
76c; raw, 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 66c for
boiled and 64c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases. 90c;
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil, natural white. 40@50c per gal-
Inn: Fish Oil, In barrels. 37%c; cases. 42%c:
Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian.
ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks:
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs
and $S 60 per ton, according to brand.
Aside 1 from the firmness and . scarcity of
evaporated Apples mentioned yesterday there
Is . nothing new tn the market. Everythir.s" in
the < fruit line is strong and steadily clean
ing up.' /
FRUITS— Apricots, 7®8%c for Royals and 8
©13c for standard to fancy Mporparks; Evapo
rated Apples. . 8@8%c; sundrled. 4@4%c;
Peaches. 6«J"%c;. Pears. 4%®8%c; Plums, pit
ted, 4©5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 0©
B%c for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3c
for black and 60@75c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
SO-UTs. 6©6%c; 40-50's, 4%@5%c; CO-BO'S. 4%
©4%c; 6O-70's. 3%@4%c; 70@80's. 3ii©3%c; go.
DO-a, 2%@3Vic; OO-lOO*s. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS-rSeeded, 3-crown, Sc; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels. 6%c for 4-crown and
6% c for seedless ; 3-crown, " 6c ; 2-crown, 5% c ;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%o for bleached. Clusters — Imperials. $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, *1 75; London Layers, $1 25
@1 35. -. - - • - , ¦' . '
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
eoftshell. 9%c: No. 2, 8@S%c: No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell 9@10c for softshetl and &Q7a for hard
shell'; Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
ia®12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll©ia C ;
Cocoanuts, $3 50Q5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 10®
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
tic; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%029c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins;
Weekly bank clearings show a slight gain ever last year.
Shipment of $697,287 in\specie to China and Japan.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.
Light dealings in local stocks and bonds.
Wheat and Barley continue unsettled, owing to the rains.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay and Feedstuff s easy, ozving to the weather.
Beans and Seeds about as before quoted.
Butter and Eggs in. sharp demand and cleaned up
Dried Fntits strong at previous quotations.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Potatoes firm. Onions barely steady:
Three cars of Eastern Poultry due to-morrow.
Fruit market quiet, but prices steady.
Southern Strawberries arriving in bad condition.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief .... 12
Alice ;45 Ontario 7 00
Breece % M» Ophir go
Brunswick Con.. 07. Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel 05 Potosl n
C C & Va 125 Savage... 06
Deadwood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada... 12
Horn Silver ....1 40 Small Hopes... 20
Iron Silver 64 StandarQ 315
Leadville vCon... O5
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
JUOXDOX CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money..S>4 5-10 iN Y Central 168Vi
Do account.... 94 .7-l« Nor & West ..." 69%
Anaconda ....... c% Do prefd :..:.. 91
Atchison 79% Ontario & West.. 35
Do prefd ...;..101. Pennsylvania .... 77VI
Balto & Ohio ..10814 Reading 2U*i
Canadian Pac ...118 . Do lit prefd ..42%
Ches & Ohio .... 47% Do 2d prefd .. 34%
Chicago G W... 25 So Ry ......<.... 34TA
Chi Mil & St P.. 170 Do prefd 99V?
Denver & Si G.. 45% So Pac 68$
Do prefd 96 Union Pac 1O5<5?
Erie 40% Do prefd .... .92
Do 1st prefd .. 71% U S Steel 45%
t,, D £ 2< ! p r efd •",•??., Do P refd ••••86 7-lfl
111 Central J44% Wabash »24%
Louis & Nash ...107»i Do prefd 44 .v
Mo Kan & T 25% Spanish 4s ....'.'. 77*1
Mo Kan & T pfd. 54 * . '*
Bar silver, quiet. 25 7-16d per ounce
Money, 2%@3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent. ¦
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills is 2 11-16 per cent.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—. I Mining-
Call loans .3 @4 Art venture 1 ... 19*!
Time leans 3%@4%.AlIouez ..'. 3
nds — Amalgamated .... 70U
N K Gas & Coke. 60% Baltic 3g
Railroads — BIngham 22%
Atchlson 77% Calumet & Hecla.625 ,
Atchison pfd 05% Centennial .\ 13U
Boston & Alban.2«2 Copper Range.". .. 58
Bt«on & Maine. 192% Dom Coal 71
Boston Elevated.. 161% Franklin 13%
N Y N H & H.,.211 Isle Royale 20%
Fitchburgr pfd 145 Mohawk 32W
Union Pacific 102% Old Dominion.... 21%
Mexican Central.. 28 Osceola 7tj%
Miscellaneous — Parrot ...... 31
Am Sugar 12S# Quincy !.."l40
Am Sugar pfd... 119 Santa Fe Copper. 3Vi
Am T & T 158 Tamarack 245
Dom Iron & S 30% Trimountain .... 73
Gen Electric .... .200 Trinity 13
Mass Electric ... 9(j% United State*.. 17
Mass Electric ... 37% Utah ... . 24
do pfd......... 96% Victoria ...,..!!! 3
United Fruit 87 Winona 1 1%
US Steel 43% Wolverine t. 48%
US Steel pfd 93%l
V S ref 2s rejr....lO8% L & N unl 4s.... 101%
U S ref 2s coup..l08>i Mex Cent 4s 82%
U S 3s reg.......lO8% Mex Cent 1st inc. 31
U S 3s coup 108% M & St L 4s 105 .
U S new 4s reg..l39y« M K a T 4s 99%
U S new 4s coup. 139% M K & T 2nds.. 82
U S old 4s reg...H2 N Y Cent lsts....lO3%
U S old 4s coup.. 112 NYC gen 3%s..lO3
US Cs res 106 N J Cent gen 5s.. 137
U S 5s coup ..106 Nor Pac 4s .105%
Atchlson gen 4s. .104% Nor Pac Ss .. 74%
Atchison adj 4s.. 93%iNor & W con 4s. 103%
Bait & Ohio 4s. ..104 Reading gen 4s.. 99%
BaH & Ohio 3%s. 06%,St L&I M con 5s. 117
Bait & O conv 4s.lO7%'st L & S F 4s.... 97%
Canada So 2nds..U0?i St L & S W lsts. 08%
Cent of Ga 5s 111 st L S W 2nds.. 79%
Cent of Ga 1st inc 79% S A & A P 4s 92
Ches & O 4%s...llO So Pac 4s 94%
Chgo fc A 3%s... 84 So Ry 5s 120%
C B & Q new 4s...96Vi Texas & Pac lsts.120%
C M&St P gen 4s.ll4 T Et L & W 4s. . 85%
C & N W con 7s.l3S% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & P 4s 110% Un Pac conv 4s . . . 10G?E
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO3 Wabash lsts ....118%
Chgo Term 4s.... 80 Wabash 2nds 111%
Colo So 4s 9Hi Wabash deb B.:.. 71%
D & R G 4s 102% West Shore 4s... 112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 98% W & L E 4s.. .93^
Erie gen 4s 88% Wis Cent 4s 884k
F W & D C lsts. Ill Con Tob 4s.... 66
Hock Val 4y.s...lO9>4
Total sales ...270,100 '
NEW YORK BONDS.
Express Companies —
Adams 100 235 • 235 230
American .230
United States '..' .... .... 117
Wells Fargo . 195 .
Miscellaneous—
Amalg Copper ... 08,800 70% • 68 70%
Amer Car & F... .. .... .... 29
Amer C & F pfd..., ' 200 88% 88 V~88
Amer Linseed Oil.-,...'. .... .... 16
Amer L Oil pfd... •.,.. 48 s
Amer Smelt & Ref. 300 47% 46% '46%
Amer S & Ref pfd. 100 88 98 98 -
Anaconda Min Co. 900 33^' 32%. 33%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 7,600 <Zi 62 ;62%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 600 86 8rt 86
Consolidated Gas .. 400 220% 220% '221
Con Tobacco pfd.. .... .... 117
General Electric .. 700 291% 290% 290%
Glucose Sugar ... 400 44 4JJ% 43%
Hocking Coal 17%
Internat Paper ... . 100 19% 19% 19%
Intern Paper pfd.. .... 75%
Internat Power . . ........ .'. . . 8«
Laclede Gas .... ....• ' 91
National Biscuit . . 300 40% 40% 46%
National Lead .... 17%
National * .... 23
National Salt pfd 63
North American .. .... .... .... 92%
Pacific Coast ..... ; . . . 73
Pacific Mall ....... 500 46% 46 46%
People's Gas i 300 100 99% 99%
Pressed Steel Car. . ....' .... .... 40
Pressed S Car pfd. . . . . • 83%
Pullman Pal Car..' .... .' .... 220
Republic Steel- ... -1OO 1<5% lfi'/i 10>6
Republic Steel pfd.. 300 09% 69' 69y 4
Sugar 5,900 128% 127% 128%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 500 C6 65% 65%
Union Bag & P Co. • 900 15% . 14% : 15U
Union B & P C pfd. 100 80 77 80 '
5 f ; f* a 5J? er: " ; ;i •":•¦' 400 11% "9» n^
U S Leather pfd .... 81Vi
U S Rubber .... 14*
U S Rubber pfd 51
U f Steel' 6.600 44% 43% 43%
U S Steel pfd 8,700 94% 93% 0:1%
Western Union ... 200 91 91 91%
Amer Loco .. 200 31% 31% 31%
Amer Loco pfd ... 100 02 % 82% 92%
CALL BOARD SALES.
' Informal Session— -0 :15 o'clock — May — iOOO
ctls, 80c; 2000, SOVfcc. '¦ . ¦ . .
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, SS%c; 4000.
SSVjc; 2000, 88V4c. ",. ¦¦ . .
¦¦¦' Regular Morning Session — May — 4000 ctla,
SSVic. •
OATS — There -is nothing new, the market
being quiet, but firmly held.
Grays $1 22%©1 30; whites, $1 25@1 42Vi;
Surprise. $14001 45; black. $1 12V4®1 22^
lor feed and $1 22V£@1 32% for seed; red,
$1 27%01 37 1,3 per ctl for feed and ?1 35'o)
1 42M for I seed. , • -.
CORN — Chicago was ¦ heavy, with a few
large scalpers bulling the market. The San
Francisco market was dull and without vari
ation. ¦ !
Large yellow, $1 37V4@1 45; small round
do, $1 60; white. $1 S0@l 40 per ctl.
RYE— fluoted at S5@90c per ctl. ¦ - -••¦; v ;
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at $1 00 per ctl.
Informal' Session — 9 : 15 j. o' clock — May — 2000
ctls, ?1 ll'/i: 2000. $1 11%; 2000, ?1 11%; 2000,
$1 11%. December— 2000, $111.
Second ' ¦; Session — May— 2000 ctls, . $1 11% ;
2000, $1 11%; 2000, $1 11%; 2000. $lliy 4 ; 2000,
$1 11%. i December— 2000, $1 1054; 2003,
$1 10><i. '- ¦ ¦ : - '.'
Regular Morning . Session — May — 12,000 ctla,
$1 11%; 10,000. $1 11%.' . -.
BARLEY — The rains are causing a decrease
in the movement, in, this city, but there is no
diminution in 'the . demand in the ' interior and
.the market is . consequently . steady at about
previous prices,' with the exception that where
as before the rains 95c . was easily procurable
for feed, it is' now asked, 'without being cb
tained. It is . doubtful, however, whether any
choice feed could : be purchased under this fig
ure., -¦;.•.'¦ ••¦ .' . ' ¦.
. Fee-1,: 93%@05c for choice bright, 02%c tor
No. 1 and aOc ior off grades; brewing ' and
shipping grades, 97%c@$l; Chevalier, 95c@$l -y
per cental. ,'-> v '. . ¦:-•'•¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
:. "WHEAT— The . foreign* markets continued
featureless . ' \ Broomhall ' estimated the • world's
shipments for. Monday. at' about 7,600,000 bush
ols, of which Europe- will take about 6,600,000,
as against 8,900,000 last week. '
Chicago. ' waa < very ,' tame, V with '-few orders.
Offerings were light 'and there ' was moderate
covering' by ; the ; shorts. : St. | Louis reported
500,000 .bushels ; taken for export. ¦¦- Buffalo
wired an ' active millins demand, ; with stocks
reduced to 4,326,000 bushels, against 11,581,000
two months ago. . . ' ' ¦
' In this market futures advanced lc in spite
of the rain/, which, -though heavy around, the
bay - and . in . the ' northern part, of the State,
hardly ; touched : the Southern San Joaquln and
the; south. Shipping. Wheat remained un
changed. . " ' r . ¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1:08%; milling, $1 10
®$1-12% per ctl.'. ...... .. ¦; ¦¦•¦¦;¦.. .
Wheat and Other Grains.
287. consisting of $4287 in Mexican dollars for
Hongkong-. $525,000 '. in < gold . bullion for .'Kobe
and $168,000 . in. silver ._ bullion • for^ Hongkong. • ..
Sterling:''. Kxchance.^ -60 days....." — :• . $4 85%
Sterling .'Exchanee. 1 sight. .•:..;..¦ v — 4 88 i
Steilinc Cables . . . .\ .'. .... ..... — 4 S9 -
New Ycik Ex'ihanee, sight. .... — 12%
New York Exchanse, telegraphic — 15--..
Silver.. per. ounce!;.....". ;..'..... — .. -55%
Mexican: Dollars, nominal...... 45 ¦ @ 45ii
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, -75c©$l 25
for, standards, $1 5062 for choice and $232 0$
lor- fancy; -Seedlings, 75c@$l 50: - Tangerines,
$1 75@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@1 50;Malta
Blood Oranges, $1 25 per half box; Lemons,
50c<?I?l for, common and $1@1 50 for good to
choice, and $1 75@2 60 for fancy; Grape Fruit.
$1@2; Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas, %2@2 50
per bunch for New Orleans and $2@2 50 for
Hawaiian; . Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
. APPLKS — 51 50®2 26 per box for extra, $1@
1 SO for good to choice and 50@75c for ordinary.
PEARS— From cold . storage, 75c@?2 60 per
bOX.-' ¦ ' ; '¦¦ '.¦¦¦.. ¦-•¦ ¦•".'¦-; •
¦ ¦ Strawberries from Santa Barbara were In
tad condition and sold slowly ¦ at 20o per
basket. Those that arrived yesterday wer«
sent to cold storage, as they were received too
late and found no buyers. -
in Lemons and Oranges and fancy stocks were
firmly held. • Two cars of New - Orleans Ba
nanas came in. .Four or five cars 'of. Navels
will be offered. at the oranse auction on Mon
day.".; ¦ •.¦ • : .'.•-¦. ; . ¦ ¦ ¦ '. ¦ .•;¦.;•
.. DRIED FRUITB. . [*?,,-
There continues , a good demand for evap
orated apples, the market holding firm at quo
tations. State common to good, 7@8%c- prime,
9@0Vic; choice, 9yj@10c; fancy, 10',4@llc. .
, . The demand for California dried fruits con
tinues fair and' prices are firmly maintained
at the previous basis.
.PRUNES- 3%@5c. 5
APRICOTS — Royal, < 10@14c; Moorpark, : 9%
@12%c. ¦ . .. -
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 7?40
9%C . ..'¦-¦. . :
?3 75@4 25; winter straights, : $3 70@3 05;
Minnesota patents.; $3 U0@-i 15; -Minesota
bakers",'. $2 05@3 55. >••¦ .'• . . ,/• »v;v
• •--WHEAT — ReceiptB,«26.600 .bushels; I exports,
'4400 bushels;' 1 : spot, firm. :, No. : 2 red, • 88-%c , f .
o. b: afloat; £»0%c elevator; ¦ No. 1 •, Northern
1 Duluth, S'j^c f. o. ; b. afloat." : Sustained -by
unexpectedly higher cables •• ami ; light ' specu
lative off erlng-« wheat was steady., to lirm dur
ing the forenoon in the face of more favorable
crop news. ¦ The close was - firm at ¦ %c net
advance. March ' closed S4%c; May. : S4@
84 ; 3-16c, "closed : 84 %c; , July closed 84c; ., Sep
tember, 83^c; ... . ¦'. • .:•
HOPS — Firm.- State common to choice, 1001
crop. 14@18c; -1000' crop, 10@13c; .old, 3@5c.
Pacific Coast, - 1901^ crop, 14@18c; 1900 : crop,
10@13c;old, 3@5c. , ., - , .
HIDES — Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
10'/4c; .Texas dry, 24 , to i 30 pounds, 14%c.
WOOL — Dull;, domestic fleece, 26@29c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio.'dull; No. 7 involce,-5%c;
mild," quiet; Cordova, S@12c. s - • . .,
Coffee futures closed . steady net • 5 - points
higher. 'Total ...Bales- ¦ .17,500 bags. ; ¦ Mareh,
5.35<ff-5.40c; May, 5.55c;» July,' 5.70c. «>':
SUGAR— Raw, steady. - Fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 00 test, 3%q; molasses eugar, 2%c.
Refined, steady; No. 6. 4.20c; No. 7. 4.10c;
No. 8, a00c;,No. 9, 3.85c; No. 10, 3.80c; No.
11, 3.75c; No.' 12, 3.80c; No. 13, 3.75c; No.
14. 3.85c; standard i A, 4.55c; confectioners' A,
4.55c; mold A, 5.10c;; cut loaf, 5.25c; crushed,
•5.25c; powdered, 4.85c; granulated, 4.75c; cubes,
5c. ¦' '¦ •¦. ¦ . •¦¦ ¦• ' ;; . ;¦ • • ¦ •. . ¦• .
THE S A IS" FRAN CISCO C A JLL; ' SUNDAY, FEBRUARY- 1 «, 1 902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Thirty-Nine.
LOCAL; MARKETS.
New] York Grain and Produce:
., NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,245 ban-Pis; exports, 200 barrels. .Fairly ac
tive "with a firm undertone. Winter patcntB,
35
p
3
3
ETATTOJ.S. y
«
Aetoria 29.64
Baker 30.20
Carson 30. 1«
Eureka 30.02
Fresno. 30.18
Flagstaff 80.16
Pocatello. Ida.S0.28
Independence .30.20
Lo& Angeles ..30.18
Phoenix 30.10
Portland 29.80
Red Bluff 30.16
Roseburg 29. 86
Sacramento . . 30 . 1 0
Bait Lake SO. 28
San Franclsco.30.22
6. L Oblspo.30.24 .
San Diego 30.18
Seattle ... 29.68
Spokane 29.88
Keah Eay . ..29.K2
Wa!la Walla. 29. KS
Ti'lnnemucca .30.18
Tuma 30.10
iS K O » J
mm tm
I : j ' f r
• • • • •
62 2t E Rain 17*6
42 34 SE, Cloudy .38
5ti 38 W Cloudy .02
CS 60 SE Cloudy .l'J
72 58 N Clear T.
5« 24 NW Pt Cldy .00
40 30 HE Cloudy .01
(it 40 SE Pt Cldy .00
6S 54 W Pt Cldy .00
76 44 \V Clear .00
W 42 E Cloudy .70
62 52 SE Cloudy .08
72 62. N Cloudy .04
m 52 BE Cloudy .07
52 38 \V JClOudy .00
64 54 S\V Cloudy .72
. 74 56 W Clear . .:«!
<52 64 NW Cloudy .00
59 M 6E Rain .40
44 36 S Rain .20
54 .. E Rain .20
62 46 6 Cloudy .1«
60 34 6W Cloudy .12
82 48 W Clear .CO
p
3
3
ETATTOJ.S. y
«
Aetoria 29.64
Baker 30.20
Carson 30. 1«
Eureka 30.02
Fresno. 30.18
Flagstaff 80.16
Pocatello. Ida.S0.28
Independence .30.20
Lo& Angeles ..30.18
Phoenix 30.10
Portland 29.80
Red Bluff 30.16
Roseburg 29. 86
Sacramento . . 30 . 1 0
Bait Lake SO. 28
San Franclsco.30.22
6. L Oblspo.30.24 .
San Diego 30.18
Seattle ... 29.68
Spokane 29.88
Keah Eay . ..29.K2
Wa!la Walla. 29. KS
Ti'lnnemucca .30.18
Tuma 30.10
iS K O » J
mm tm
I : j ' f r
• • • • •
62 2t E Rain 17*6
42 34 SE, Cloudy .38
5ti 38 W Cloudy .02
CS 60 SE Cloudy .l'J
72 58 N Clear T.
5« 24 NW Pt Cldy .00
40 30 HE Cloudy .01
(it 40 SE Pt Cldy .00
6S 54 W Pt Cldy .00
76 44 \V Clear .00
W 42 E Cloudy .70
62 52 SE Cloudy .08
72 62. N Cloudy .04
m 52 BE Cloudy .07
52 38 \V JClOudy .00
64 54 S\V Cloudy .72
. 74 56 W Clear . .:«!
<52 64 NW Cloudy .00
59 M 6E Rain .40
44 36 S Rain .20
54 .. E Rain .20
62 46 6 Cloudy .1«
60 34 6W Cloudy .12
82 48 W Clear .CO
AUCTION SALES
fe GRAND AUCTION 'SALE fe
RACEHOBSES IN TRAINING
AND CHOICE A )
THORODeflBRED STALLIONS.
BY ORDER OF
J. W. Schorr. A. B. Epreckels. Burllnraat*
Stock Farm. S. McNaughton. China 4s Ttxr-
sythe. D. McCarthy, consisting of the following:
Joe Frey (California Derby winner, 15000),
Esternell, • Greenock (stake winner), Ordnunj,
Commissioner Forster, John Peters, * Trladltza
(stake winner), Ishtar, Finch (great hurdla
Jamper). Clarinette." Saul of Tarsus (a very con-
sistent racehorse), Montoya, Roaalbra, Flash-
light (stake winner), Trappean, Puryear D
(stake winner), Pesralong. Breton, etc
Sale Will Take Place -^
MONDAY../. ..FEBRUARY 1TTH. 1903
Commencing at 7:45 P. M.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard St. Near Third. ¦
Catalogues ready.
WM. O. LAYNQ. Livestock Auctioneer.
FIRST ISSUE OF SHARES ALL SOLD g
I NO OTHER INVESTMENT, AT THE PRICE, TO EQUAL THIS I
I IHE TAGOMA COMPANY 1
p Mining, Steel Rails, Merchandising, |j
|j Smelting, Structural Steel and Iron, Lumbering 53
0 SCOPE OF THE BUSINESS— As Its name Indicates, the ban of tbo company's oper> B
tfi ations will be at Taeoma, | Wash., at which point are e.treptlohsl facilities for the build- |
|H Ing and operating of the rolling mills, smelters, lumber yards, docks, etc.. required In J
a the conduct of tha Urge business plcnned. From this central vantage point will radiate j
3 arms .of the company's enterprises to the immense coal fields and rich minerals belts of j
n Washington, to the estenslre Iron deposits situate on deep water in British Columbia. H
M to the famous "Marble Bay" mines and limestone quarries on Teiada island. «M
Gh SOME OF THE PROPERTIES — The mines bonjht by "The Taeoma Company" are Bj
Kt for tbe most part producing properties. . For illustration, the great "Marble Bay" prop- M
H ' erty on Tesada Island vras being worked In a small way and shipping a thousand tons ijl
0 of ore a month, at a profit of $12,000, when bought. The "Taeoma Company" will 8
¦ double and treble and quadruple the output of this great property, and the. profits will I
Bj be increased «*orrespondlngly. This "Marble Bay" property includes, besides the mine g
n Itself, a limestone qanrry, lime kilns, townaitc, hotel, etc., the whole embracing 1200 |
g acres of I the most highly mineralized section of T'.»xada island. From the quarries are j
Ei shipped sereral thousaud barrels of lime monthly to Honolulu and to various Fadflo u
H Coasts points. ¦ BI
H , ¦'¦ ¦ IRON MIITES— Tho "Tacomn. Company" owns Iron mines on Tezada lslasd and Bar- B
M clay sound. B. C, and In Skaf it county. Wash., that will snpplv more ore than It can I
.9 use in a score of rears, and hss other valuable properties under bond. f
raj .WILL CONTROL - THE STEEL BTTEINZ33— This company purpose*, briefly, to do j
fi the steel. Iron . and coal business of: the Pacific Northwest, and. la addition, a general, §
II - mining:, smeltlnjc, lumbering and shipping business. Tbat It will control the steel and J
g iron trade of Its territory there is little doubt. It occupies the field alone, has large I
B resources, and Is offlcored by mrn whese names stand as synonyms for snecess. The j
CT 'trustees are men of Integrity and business ability, as the following list will attest: t
|| PERSONNEL OF THE C0HPANY— HEXRY HEWITT JR., Taeoma. President;
a Treasurer St. : Paul and ¦ Taooma Lumber Company; President Everett National Bask; H
H President Wilkeson Goal and Coke Company, and largest owner of timber lands In Wash- : En
H v inston. : A. J. HAYWAED, Taooma, oapttallst and ownar extensivo coal lands In Wash- H
m . inston. A. M. INOEBSOLL, . Taooma, President Taooma Xlevator and Warehoyss Com- M
n pany and Director > Lumbermen's Kattonal Bank. ¦ 0. W. THOMPSON. Taooma, Presi- H
IS ' dent Monteiuma lifining Company; Prssidsnt Washington Co-operative Minis; Syndicate. ¦
H W, E. B LEVIN, Cishier Lumberman's Kttional Baak. J. V. M'tNTYRE, Seittlo, con- M
K suiting: eagineor Mont iiuma Mining Company and Washington Co-opera tivo Mining Syn- ' IJ
9 ¦ dioato ;¦• confessedly • tho leading mining enginear of tha Northwest. A. G.' J03TEB, jfl
1 United States Senator f ron WasMngton, ' and Mr. Hewitt's partner in various business |
H concerns,; is a ihareholdar and a moving spirit in the enterprise. jj
R BIO CAPITALIZATION FOE BIO WORK — The wide scope of tbe company's plans H
H ' and large interests Involved raako a 1/irjre capltalixntlon necessary. The "Taeoma Com- H
Wk pany" is capiUllzcd at 125,000,000 (par value of shares $1.00). with $5,000,000 set aside H
H ¦ tor tbe purchase of ' properties and $20,000,000 ¦ In tbe treasury. Only so much of the 11
B ' stock .will be - sold, however, as is necessary to place the business oa a good footing, j
I Under the laws of ¦ Washington the stock is forever non-assessable. y
¦ FOLLOWING A GOOD LEAD— The "Taeoma Company" has adopted the plan that J
B 'brought snecess to the Monteiuma Mining Company (of Washington, also), and offers its J
I shares for popular subscription at a price consistent with current values. Prices will b* I
H * advanced to. keep pace with development of tbe various enterprises of the company. jm
1 SHARES--12^°Cents Cash Vv i
1 .15.Cents on Installments A
I This Price Will Hold Only Till Second Block Is Sold. jj
¦Ml '-. CT The first cargo of ore mined at the "Marble Bay" under the new management j
9 was received at tbe Taeoma smelter last week. There also comes from - the mine the H
3 cheering news that the miners have struck on the 200- foot level toother rich deposit of j
I ropper-gold ore 25 feet wide. jjl
H 1 '-'"- -.There' is every reason to believe the' Taooma Comyany will pay rood dividends by tl
. 68 January 1st. The shrewd investor will buy these sharss now; they will ba no better * m
: ¦ ' month . henco ' at ' twice - the prioo. [ : t|
P For fuller Information, write or call . fl
I The AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST COMPANY |
I 820.^821, 822. 823 HAYWARD BUiLDmS. San Franclsca I
|j LOS ANOELES, 337 Douglas Block, R. H. NORTON, iManager; SACRAMENTO. I
M California State Bank BuUdlnj, A. M. AUBERTUS, Managen ALAMEOA. Bay Station, I
1 Broad Gauge Railway, CHA5. ADAMS,' Manager ; ST. HELENA, Kettlewell Block, |
B B. P. KETTLEWELL, Manager. HTHE SAN FRANClSCOiiGALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY' 1 6, 1902
36
MEETINGS — SUJfDAY— .Continned. .
MRS. EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting
to-ulght 3250 22d. bet. Miss' n- Valencia; 10c.
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing test 'circles.
10c; Sunday, Tuesday; read, dally/ 278 Ninth.
MRS. Mary Evans— Circle to-night, 10c; every
night but Frl.; read, dally, 50c. $1. 120 Cth.
K. HUESSM ANN'S tesHcltcle to-night.- 25c.
¦1774 ISth St., near Guerrero ;, sittings dally. .
C. V. MILLER'S ethereallzlng.- materializing
seance, 8 p. rn. ; 50c. "10S4 . Bush st
EARLE; slate-wrltlng 6eance to-night. 32S
Ellis et - . - . - - .-. ¦-¦- .' ' '
MEETINGS-— THEOSOPHICAX..
THE Hermetic Brotherhood open meetings are
every Thursday evening at 8 o'clock, 609
Van Ness_ ave. ; friends are ; welcome.
__: MEETING XOTICES.
"WILDE Y Encampment No. 23. I. O. O. ah *i
- F.. meets TUESDAY EVENING, ••^/*
Feb. 18, at 8 o'clock. Golden Rule de- y\
gree. All Patriarchs are Invited to be * N
present. -¦ • ¦ J. PHILLIPS. C. P.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No..l, I.- O.
O. F. — Initiation MONDAY EVE, £g2£_S_C
Feb. J7. All members and visit- -^SJaaKSj?
Ing brothers invited. .* svnv®>
" - WM. B. AYER, N. G.
HARTNAGEL Supreme Arch Chapter No. v ftj
3. U. A. O. D.. Druids' Hall. 413 Sut- eSEj
ter st. — The officers and members are ¦¦— *¦ '
hereby notified to assemble at their hall
SUNDAY, Feb. 10." 1902. at 1 o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother. Past Chief Druid HENRY
A. CHASE. Funeral sen-Ices at Red Men's
Hall. 320 Post st. at 2 p. m. • * - -
JAMES F. MARTINONI. CD. •¦
JOHN HUTTON. Secretary..
"REDMEN, Notice." — Chiefs and' ««!~<w '
members of the Great Council of^ht^^»
California: You are hereby spe- —sX?*
dally requested to assemble In Redmen's
Hall. 220 Post st, SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
Feb. 16,. at 2 o'clock, for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our esteemed friend
and brother, PAST GREAT SACHEM
HENRY A. CHASE. The funeral services
will be conducted under the supervision of
Manzanlta Tribe No. 4 and the remains will
be shipped East for interment Fraternally
yours in F. F. and C. JAS. BOYES.
Attest: PORTER L. BLISS. G. C. of R.
, TRIUMPH Lodge No.' 180, A. O. U.
W. — Officers and members, you are itfifiXc
notified to meet at your hall to attend Hgfc^
the funeral of our late brother, JOHN MSRy
TURNER. SUNDAY. Feb. 16. .at 12:30.
WM. P. MURPHY. M. W. -
J. H. CATTRAN. Recorder. "
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15, [_.__'
American Association of cTJH ten
Masters and Pilots— Of fleers gV s Jjggj*^ >
and members are hereby Effl»»'"^
requested to attend the fu- \T^ '
neral of our late brother. Captain JOHN
TURNER, from his residence, 406 Brannan
st, on SUNDAY. Feb. 10, at 1 o'clock p. m.,
thence to James A. Garfield Post, Alcazar
building. Interment National? Cemetery, :
Presidio. R. N. PIPPY. Secretary.
W. M. RANDALL. Captain. '
, ANNUAL meeting v Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company — The regular annual- meeting of the
stockholders cf the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market' st. In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 1st day of
March. 1002. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting; Transfer-
books will close on Tuesday, February '18
1902. at 3 o'clock p. m. '
; H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received an application to mine by the hy-
draulic process from R. A. Pemberton, in
the Princess hydraulic mine, at Igo, Shasta
County, to deposit tailings in Dry Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco. Cal .
on March 3. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. .327 Market st., ¦ In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 20th day of
February, 1902, at' the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year,
and for the transaction of such other bus'-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books -will close on Saturday, Feb-
ruary 15, 1902, at 12 o'clock m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY— The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the Kil-
auea Sugar Plantation Company will be held
at the office of the company, 327, Market st,
in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February. 1902. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such othar
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Febru-
ary 14, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary..-
AGENTS WANTED.
START a mail-order business— We tell how,
furnish catalogues, circulars, etc., and place
ads in 40 different magazines on credit; par-
ticulars free. CHICAGO SPECIALTY CO.,
134 Van Buren st. Chicago.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
?nce? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
£ ASTROLOGY. —
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted: readings
by mall If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cafes; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments: mortgages; bills of sale ipartner-
fchtps; deeds: wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
I cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :qulck; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.'cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. D27 Market st. opp. Maaon.
L. S; CLARK, Emma Spreckels bide., 927 Mar-
kft st: consultation free: no fees In advance.
IUCYCI.E* — For Sale or Excaange.
ALLEN Is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thing out;, agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln st
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC. ~~~
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of Bong,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 154CMarket Et.bet.8th & 9th.
BOAKDIXG FOR CHILDREN. ~~
MOTHER'S care for 2 or 3 children; home com-
forts; playroom ; large sunny yard; lowest
terms. 1607 California St.. above Polk; phone.
COUPLE without children wish cnild to care
for; reasonable. B, box 3976, Call office.
RELIABLE couple would like to. board child;
best of references. 41 Julian ave., nr. 14th.
A LADY would like a child to board; room for
parent If desired. ' Call at 532 Howard it"
A CHILD wanted to board. Apply 117. Noe
street.
BERKELEY — Good home for children; near
school; >8 up. 2127 Prince st
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.,
H. C. Holmes, 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
¦' BUSINESS CHAXCES. '.V
A— SALOON; close to Market; on Third st;
well stocked; good fixtures; 2 yean.". lease;
this Is a bargain. f ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
A — STATIONERY store; close to large school;
good corner.; $1900. ROHLFS CO.; 41 Third.
A— STATIONERY store In Mission; 2 living
rooms; this is an old-established place; will
cell for invoice on stock; best of reason for
selling; $5000. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st
A— STATIONERY store in Western Addition!
fine corner; $1800. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A— CALIFORNIA Halrdresslng College; two
rooms nicely furnished;- will stay one week
with buyer. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st
A — HOTEL with first-class bar; 57 rooms; cen-
trally located;»best buy in the city;, $6500.
ROHLFS CO., 41' Third st. ".
FOR Sale — Saloon on Market st:- transfer cor-
ner: well stocked. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A — 1 20 PER week on an Investment of $25 our
weekly average for the; pasts month in our
turf . pool has never equaled ; dividends sent
weekly; Investments from $10 up taken; cap-'
ltal withdrawn ¦ without' notice; .particulars
' sent free. GROSSCUP & CO., 1604 Market st.
HEALY A CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy, st, rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, / lodging-houses, ¦ grocery
.' ftcres, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.- -
Merchandise business near city,; sales $3000 mo.
Partnership; established : manufacturing bus.
Cor- grocery, • delicacy, etc. ; 3 . r. furnished.
Restaurant and chop house, candy, store, etc.
CAL. BUSINESS ASSN., 865 & Market st
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets': open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 627- Montgomery street
eorner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
ttntil » p. m.
J06 Eleventh street: open until 8 p. m.
3096 Valencia street: open until '9 P- m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: ot»n until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason ets.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. end 7:30 p. m.
At 11 a. m. Rev. F. P. Woodbury of New
Tork will preach. At 7:30 p. m.. sermon by
the pastor, topic. "Jonah and His Trouble."
All are cordially invited. "
PARK Congregational Church. 1649 Hayes st,
near Central ave. — The pastor. Professor R.
R. Lloyd, will preach at II a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Morning topic. "The Mercy of the
Lord." Evening topic. "An Evening Visit
to a Jewish Home." Special music by the
choir and male quartet, under the leadership
of Mrs. Jessie Dean Moore. Mornin" offer-
tory, contralto *olo by Miss Anna Heritage.
"O Love Divine" (Nevln); evening offertory,
tenor solo by Earl Adams. "Prayer" <Tosti).
Sunday-school and Professor Lloyd's Bible
class at 12:30 p. m.; Christian Endeavor at
6:30 p. m. A cordial welcome to all.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement ft — Pastor. Rev.
Philip Coombe: residence, 3415 Jackson st;
telephone. Jackson 1941; 11 a. m., sermon
by the pastor, theme, "The Unsurpassed
Keeper for Mind and Its Citadel": 7:45 p.
ra., lecture by the Rev. F. W. Hartley. State
cuperlntenilent Anti-Saloon League, subject.
"The Temperance Tactics That Triumph."
Sunday-school. 9:45 a. m.; Christian En-
j deavor Society. 6:45 n. m. Seats free. A
cordial welcome for every one.
triciTARIAN' Church <Fir»t), S. W. corner
Geary and Franklin ets. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt. minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, . min-
ister emeritus: Charles A. Murdock, superin-
tendent of -Sunday-school. The Sunday-'
school Is at 10 o'clock. The morning service
Is at 11 o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavltt will
preach, eutoject, "The Uses of Lent." Special
musical service by choir and chorus from
"Stabtt Mater" (RoBsinl). H. Brttherlck,
organist and director. Professor Ba.con"s
Bible class at 10 a. m. All are coru*ally In-
vited. There Is no evening service. - _¦ :
TTNTTARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth ets. — Rev. E. K. Dlnsmore.
minister; William Wertsch Jr., musical di-
rector. Sunday-school at 3:45 o'clock. The
morning theme will be "A Rainy Day Med-
itation." The musical service will include
a duet with violin, 'cello and piano; a vocal
duet. "This Day of Gladness," and a soprano
polo by Miss Nickereon. The «venlnK theme
¦will be "Tennyson's Pesslmoptimlsm." The
music will consist of an organ prelude of
Bach's, a "cello solo by William Wertsch Jr.
1 and a bass solo by E. V. Strunz. T- •
CENTRAL Church. Mission st.. between Sixth
and Seventh — Pastors, Arthur H. Brigrgs and
Herbert F. Briggs; 11 a. m.. W. F. Mc-
Dowell, D.D., secretary of the board of edu-
cation of the Methodist Episcopal church,
will preach; 12:45 p. m.. Sunday-school,
Rolla V. Watt superintendent;. 6:15 p. m..
societies of Christian Endeavor: 7:30 p. rn.,
concert. Programme: Org-an voluntary
(Guilmont): anthem.. "Behold, How Good
and Joyful" (Clarke- Whltneld) ; Instrumental
trio; string music, Charles E. Robson; duet
"Jesus, Lover of My Soul". (Hoi brook); 8 p.
m.. sermon, topic. "A Search and Its Reve-
lation." Roscoe Warren Lucy, organist and
choirmaster. The seats are free and the
people are welcome. Special sen-Ices every
evening this week except Saturday, at 8 p. m.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor. At 11 a. m.
Rev. E. M. Mills. D.D.. of New York will
preach. The pastor will preach at 7:30 p.
m. on "The Light of Life." Music by large
chorus, under the direction of I. E. Blake.
Seats free. All invited. Sunday-school at
12:45 p. m. Ep worth League at 0:30 p. m.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia, and Octavia sts. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D.D., pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge, as-
sociate pastor. Dr. Hemphlll will preach at
11 a. m., topic. "Human Impossibility; Di-
vine Possibility." and at Second 6t. mission
et 7:30 p. m. Mr. Eldredce will preach at
7:30 p. m.. tonic, "No Novelty in Sin."'
Morning Sabbath-school at 10r afternoon
Babbath-school at 12:30; Y. P. S. C. E. at
6:30 p. m. Wednesday evening prayer-meet-
lng at S o'clock. All are cordially Invited.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts
— Rev. Frederick W. Clampett D.D.. rector
Holy Communion. 7:30 and 11 a. m.; Sun-
day-school, 9:30 a. re; morning service, 11
o'clock. Holy. Communion 6ennon will be
preached by the Right Rev. Lord Bishop of
Ontario. Afternoon service, 4 o'clock. Peo-
ple's one-hour service. S-9, sermon by rector.
All seats are free. Welcome.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett st,
near Twenty-third— Morning • service. 11
o'clock, preaching by Rev. J. George Gibsln
subject "Gamaliel, a Doctor of the Law "
Evening. 7:30. sermon. "He Hath Set the
World In Their Heart." Barytone solo.
Heaven and Homeland" (Sankey). by Dr.
Gibson.
SOT-ENTH Day Adventitt Church, 914 Laguns,
St., between McAllister and Golden Gate
tve. — Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock
by the pastor. Elder XV. S. Sadler. Subject.
A Warning to Mothers." A cordial invl-
tatlon Is extended to aU. Seats free.
*TRST Church of Christ. Scientist Central '
block. 223 Sutter st. between Kearny st and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m.; subject of lesson-sermon. "Mind."
Sunday school for children at the same hour.
¦Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
ESf^J^iS*" 1 " 00 ™"' 206 Kearny st.. rooms
003-510. This afternoon at 3 o'clock Judge
William G. Ewlng of Chicago will give a
. free lecture on Christian Science at Metro-
yolitan Temple. All are welcome.
PE ?%F S P 001118^ happy hour song service
fit Trinity Methodist Church, corner Market
llixteenth and Noe ets.. Sunday at 7:30 p m.
Come and sing the old songs. Mrs. W L.
Turney and Mrs. Daniel T. Lee will 'sing
• The Lord Is My Shepherd." by Smart Ser-
mon on "The Ministry of Song." Class meet-
i?& 5*, 10 a -_ m ,: ,. Ser " oa at 11 a. m. on
•Christian Talk." The choir will sing
. •'Come. Te Disconsolate." by Webbe. Bun-
day school at 12:30 p. m. The choir will
* lead the singing. George Plevin and Frank
Thomas will sing a duet Castro-st. cars
I>aes the church. Preaching each night ex-
cept Saturday at 7:45 p. m.
M ?,'- MA CE'S meetings, lower Scottish Hall.
117 Larkln st. opposite City Hall— Tuesdav
w V^I^ 'S-v I _? p - JP- ««Wect. "Divine
Healing": Thursday. February 20 7-45 p
ra -. th* first of a series of addresses on "Th •
Book of P.evelatlon": Sunday, February 23
i'i i i-, P x.IH- " God ' 8 First Questions to Man."
34 Eighth st. near Market. Wednesday Fob-
runry 19. 7:45 p. m.. Bible reading on" "The
Coming of Our Lord." All welcome. Come.
BY special request Mr. Benjamin Fay Mills
will repeat his lecture on "The Tyranny of
the Dead" at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter
et.. at 7:45 o'clock this evening. This lec-
ture was delivered two years ago In Metro-
politan Temple. An orchestra composed of
¦tudents from the Lick School will play at
7:30 o'clock. Doors open at 7:15. Admia-
don *r£€»
A GREAT meeting for men to-<Jay at the
Toung Men's Chrintian Association at 3
o clock. Mason and Ellis «ts.— Doctor Clam-
T^ttwlU epeak and Mrs. Birmingham of
Trinity choir, and Mr. H. H. Barahart will
¦ing. Seats free to all men.
THE Tfceosophical Society— Public lecture to-
night In Odd Fellows' building at 8 o'clock
by Miss Jessie C. Brodle. Subject "Magic.
Ancient and Modern." Sunday, 11 a, m. in-
quirers' class. Sunday. 11:30 a. m.. chil-
dren's group. "The Golden Chain." Public
meetings Tuesday evening. 8 o'clock; Thurs-
day afternoon. 2:30; lending library onen
dally from 1 to 4 p. m.
THEOSOPHICAL, — Fre* popular lectures every
Sunday at 8 p. ra.. Flood building. R03 Mar-
ket *t Subject to-night "The Bhagavod
Gits," by Mr. Charles P. Nellson. Bible
class Sundays. 11 a. m. Inquirers' class,
Thursdavs. 2:30 p. m. Free reading room
and lendinr library open dally 1 to 4 p. m.
MEETINGS— 5PXDAY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market st: subject. "Some Questions of the
Hour," followed by beautiful views of . "My
Visit to Paris." Seats *free; no collection.
Remember the Question Box.
OAKLAND Spiritualists' Temple Association.
Woodmen's Hall. 521 Twelfth st. 2:30 p. m.
Conference meeting. 7:30. Inspirational lec-
ture, mmsages. James R. Little. Mrs. A.
Smith. Miss V. Snndberg. Seats free. -
rOHN SLATER, circle to-night 8:15 sharp.
25c; all receive messages. 1809 Stockton, nr.
Greenwich; private sittings 10 to * dally.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. Occidental Hall.
305 Larkln St.. February 19. 7 :30 p. m.
Mrs. R. S. Ullle. speaker. Free.
&.— TESTS; front halt 009 Market st: 11. free;
2-8. 10c; Wilson. Seely ; board meeting.
4— "NOW" lecture, "Love." Henry Harrison
Brown. Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 p. m. ; music.
I — MRS. GILLINGHAM'8 spiritual test meet-
Ing, 8 p. m.. 10c- 305 Larkln; ques. ¦ read.
1 — PROF. GEE. 1C8 6th st — Remember circle
every night 10c; readings, dally. 60c and f 1.
TESTS. 909 Markt rear hall— 11. free; 2-8, 10c;
Swan. Maxwell. Wrenn. Martin. Brown, oth.
JV. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. .148 Sixth.'
HME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
tO-Slgtit. 6C5 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
LODGING HOUSES FOR S I AI.E~Con.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market; phone Red 3433.
-. Buyers for lodging-houses; call and 'see ¦ our
large list, from $300 to $6000 ; fair and hon-
I est . trade; ; sellers list your houses ¦ with us
for culck sale. . : .' - vv .-.¦.'.' ; , ,- 'g>-'-^i.
25 r ROOMS: well furnished; central location;
' worth ; $3000; . good selling/ reason ; price only
¦ , $2600 ;t present, owners' future being assured;
part ; cash ¦ from \ responsible party. 3941, : Call. :
FOR Sale— Lodging-house; : 8 large sunny front
rooms;, very desirable home.; 1100 Van Ness
- ave.; corner, Geary.- v .'
$450— 7-ROOM -house nicely furnished ; upstairs
pays , rent and gas. ¦; 37 Van Ness . ave. . .-
14 R.— Velvet carpets : elegantly .: fur. ; worth
¦ $3000: eell less than t2OOO cash.- 3701.- Call.
.SPIRITUALISM. : ~~~^'
BE sure and read about Ismar from the Orient
; on page 19 to-day.^
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
•: ing. medium; spirits speak face to face> seance
-Tues.,- Frl., Sun., ¦ 8 p. m. ; 50c. ; 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. ' WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium ;
¦ life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. . $2. 1164 O'Farrell ' at ; . Ellis car.
EDWARD EARLE, ' 328 i Ellis; readings dally;
. phone Polk 1601 ; seance Sunday '¦ and .Thurs.
MRS. .WINCHESTER, trance medium. 1610
Clay ; circle to-night ; consultation dally. ' :
ETHEL CRINDLE: Sunday eve. only; ma-
- terlallzing seance. 50c. -. 325 EU13 St. .
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J..
' Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night ; 10c.
- CXAlkvOYAXTS. •
MME. M." BERNARD.
¦ ' - . THE FAMOUS \tZr&-&T±"'«
Clairvoyant ' and business medium, permanently
located atl7 Third st. next. Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly; gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to' occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble. ) discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you. will be* told how, to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed.. Tel. Black 4569. .
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known tranco
- • - medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take , elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
. anteed by mall; send, stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. ( Daily and -Sunday.
MME.' ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or -wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily,- 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
DON'T fall to read, about Ismar, the Gypsy, on
page 19 to-day. -
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
- ques.; full names; SOc-Sl; 10 ai m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant' card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily.: 132 Sixth st
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: lad. 25c;
. gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
• reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
60c. $1 — Prof. Weller,' clairvoyant; palmist, card
reader ;muil orders ;stamp for clrc. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, callrvoyant and
•spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c.
MME. CATHERINE DEAN, scientific card
reader. 132 Sixth- st, office No. 2. '
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. , RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c nip. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing- Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate, ave. ; telephone East 126. ¦
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
- vatlng Co..-24Q"14th st: tel. Mission 74.
OFFICES. /
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. Cth
i floor, 916 Market st.: advice free. : Tel. Bush
"194; able body of attorneys.. ¦,, ' j. _ .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No -charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— ELEGANT 5-room cottage, 30 minutes' ride
« from" city; furnished complice. A. M, SPECK
& CO.. 607 Market st.
ACOTTAGEof 4 rooms; rent $9. 1 Lombard
St., near Hyde. - ¦-.... .
COTTAGE, 3 rooms, newly papered. 709 V4 Har"
. rison fit. (rear): $7. . . * •'-:.; '
TO rent — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath. 1707
Baker st near California: rent $30.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED-T-Small sunny -cottage, large "yard;
any part city . having direct communication
with Market st. 726 Central ave.
m ~ J **~~*~~~*~~~— ~—~— —————— » ——»——» — — — — — « — — _ .
i DENTISTS. ' .
A— DR. t" S. HIG^3fNS?^7~MarkeT^tH~Snma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $160; other
fillings, $1; gold' and porcelain crowns - $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look
natural and guaranteed. $5 up. - . .* ¦
Painless extraction. • , ' • -
¦ I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions 1 or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
• experience; no students; advice free; prlcts
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC,' 809 Market, cor/
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gcld
'crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free - $4 50
s up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 \>: m. ; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. C Turk st. cor. Mason —
.Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given ; lady attendant. R. - C. ANDER-
,-SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;ftllings,50c;
plates $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink Ivory plates; see, my new
unbreakable bridge;. both warranted lifetime;
i crowns," $2; fillings. 25c. . Dr.i Brown. . 64 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
'. Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st : expert
.. -workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth > without plate. DR. H. : G.
YOUNG. ; 1841 Polk st. ; ,
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext. 60c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
days rates ; patterns cut. - 1019 Market st.- _
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. <WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
DOG .HOSPITALS. '
DR. . CREELY 1 S C. s P. ' dog soap by i druggists
/¦¦ or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave...
: ;, ; .-" '¦ '" ! : ; EDtCATIONAL.'; v y -,*""'
HEALD' 'S^SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construe-"
tion, laboratory and 1 , shop ; work; . thoroughly
; practlcal; day, and night .'24 Post stf»S.;F.;
'.;¦',¦ catalogue free. ., ,'.". I . ¦.'•'¦
ATRES' : , Leading. Business College,' 723 Market
: — $8 per month ; $50 ; life • scholarship . guaran-
¦';'* tees ¦ a' complete .-. bus;; education; , shorthand,
; typing, bookkeeping,^ arithmetic/ penmanship;
¦ spelling, ;• Spanish, etc. ; . experienced > teachers;
, ' new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
S. : F. .' BUS. ¦ COLLEGE. 1236 " Market > St.— Big
¦ ¦ school : because ¦: It's . best. . ; Our ¦ Gregg . sho_>
hand students write 200 words 'a minute on
'¦¦: test. Typewriters at . home ; free . to students.
¦;j Nine positions last week. .,-;.' :. ,"".-
HEALD' S SCHOOL. OF MINES. 24 POST > ST..
-j. S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
• all ' subjects pertaining to mining and mining
'. engineering; day and night; catalogue free. ; .
A— The ? LYCEUM, an . accredited •; preparatory
school ' f orj the . university,! lawi and r medical
, colleges; ¦ references,'; President Jordan or any
.Stanford professor. building..
A— THE 'official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
. vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
. • MARSH ! COLLEGE; :¦ Is 1 this advice ' worth
•: following?,: Life scholarship $50.; catalogue./.,
GUITAR i and \ nlano < lessons j given k by ; experl-
¦enced lady teacher, graduate of conservatory
i In > Cincinnati ; 5 thorough Instructions 1 50c > per
lesson. ... Address Competent,! box : 3934; '. Call. " ;.
SCHOOL Trustees— Efficient : teachers 1 supplied.
¦ Mrs. M. K. Smith, Woman's Inc., 4 Vernon.
EDUCATIONAL — Con tl^ed^j^^
ACTING, elocution, . specialties ; L Hallet School,
,'¦. associated with theatrical agency securing po-
¦ sitlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers In account'g; figures.
, TARR, expert , accountant.- 1 219 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,' mining, mech.sur-
V , vey, assay, cyanide ; day. eve. ; est. 1SG4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA BHslness College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. . 305 Larkln st
A— THE Leo Cooper . School of Acting has re-
ri moved to Native Sons' Hall 414 Mason st
PIANO lessons by lady-teacher; homes visited
.if. desired; ?3 month. Address box 3906, Call.
KENT Law School; day and night' 554 Parrott
; , bldg.! (Emporium); send for catalogue. ;
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
• lessons, 50c; piano for practice. ¦> 39 Fifth st.
C. HOFFMAN, ' the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful Instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
-;, etc. ; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND ' taught by mail or personally.
>. MISS*M. G. BARRETT. : 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
I teacher. 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; , $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'* DAY and
ILLUSTRATION — night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
1 and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab.. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO..' 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Of fice, 415 Stock-
ton ;- tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI;,tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming and house-
cleanlng. 528 Stevenson: phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
% reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHKUM Employment Office— Japanese.Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT, WANTED— FEMALE.
Al MILLINER. will call on ladles; old mate-
rial utilized: new furnished when desired.
Box, 3925," Call. __.
POSITION wanted by Danish girl; can do
chamberwork; a good sewer,, hairdresser and
.manicure; American family preferred; . no
cards. 2130 Dwijrht way, Berkeley.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
I housekeeper in family; no washing. Call or
: . address 362 Third st. • -
A YOUNG woman : wants work by the day
washing. Ironing, housecleanlng; qulek work-
,er; $1 10 per day. Box 3977. Call. '
WOMAN with a child wishes position in coun-
try as working housekeeper. Address S.,
box 3330, Call. " '.
EXPERIENCED lady Btenographer at pres2nt
' . employed in office about to close desires po-
sltlon. Address box 3P46. Call.
A YOUNG refined German lady Is looking for
. a place as - housekeeper for a gentleman's
family. MISS A. RADOSZEWSKI, 697 Syca-
more St., Oakland.
GOOD dressmaker desires work by the day;
also take sewing home. Please call at 2
Miles court, off California st, near Powell.
A 'YOUNG .woman would like to get housework
In private family by day. Address 78 Harriet
¦ st., bet. Folsom and Howard, -Oth and 7th. 3
A WOmXn from Canada wants to do general
housework; is a good cook; wages $20. 515
Ninth st., Oakland.
DRESSMAKER from New York, ?2 per day
till established; all work guaranteed; best
city references; rapid; latest . designs. 728
¦ , Devisadero st.
LAUNDRY or housecleaning work by resp'ect-
' able woman; . satisfaction guaranteed. Box
"4009, Call office. . . \
WANTED — Middle-aged ¦ -woman, unincum-
bered, to take charge of house and care for
.child 6 years old; wages $10 per month; Eng-
lish or Scotch preferred. Box 4Cfi«, CalL
BRIGHT,, respectable lady of "neat appearance
and business ability with $500 to join middle-
-aged gentleman of means; object, to start a
.business. '519 'Jones st, corner Geary, ; city.
EXPERIENCED young lady wants position In
stationery or. art store. IOSV2 Hayes st.
COMPETENT dressmaker; good cutter, fitter:
'. cuts by tailor ' system; quick worker: suits
remodeled; $1 50 day. -. Box D.' 149} Mission.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by the
day, $150; good , fitter; dresses remodeled.
238 Ellis st.
YOUNG girl would like position as" nursery
governess; refined family; 1 or 2 children.
238 .Ellis st .
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman would*
like to do housework: good cook; light wash-
'. ing; reference. B_ox 39S8, Call.
WOMAN wants work ; by the day, washing.
Ironing, housecleaning, .$1 and. carfare. 513
Howard st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
sews 50c a day or $2 50 a week. Box 4011,
Call office. • . . ¦
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, economlncal
cook, experienced housekeeper, used to chil-
dren, wishes position; references; wages $12
to $15. . Box 3270. Call office. ,
WANTED — Situation • as companion • or house-
; keeper to elderly lady by widow with daugh-
ter 10 years old. Box S684. Call office.
YOUNG lady wants place in small family; no
windows: more a . pleasant home required
than high wages. . Box 3068, Call office.
HOME- washing done at 3645 ' Twenty-third
st; ladles' linen and gentlemen's flannels a
specialty. •'
GOOD cook will do general housework : In a
small family; small. wages. 7 Hunt st. off
Third. • ¦ •
RELIABLE woman : wishes work by the day
washing. Ironing and housecleaning. 585
» Seventh ¦ st. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to 1 $6 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and ferry. - ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.4 subscriptions
-received, at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been' established at 1096
Valencia st. -
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— -MALE.
.1. -¦-..'-.- . .:
A " PRACTICAL '.. miner want? position. . accus-
¦ tomed to stamps and circular mills; had ex-
. perience .' on low-trade ores; also mine de-
. velopment; Is capable of taking . entire
charge; has assay outfit and transit; general
construction, '- steam, •; air, water ¦ power; Its
, tools ¦; and calculations; reliable; ¦: references,
- etc. Address box 4004, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter. bookkeeper
- and general^ of flee ' man of experience, ad-
mitted 1 to ' practice law, desires clerical posi-
tion with ' responsible party where ! merit will
. -, secure advancement: excellent . penman; ab- I
: ' solutely ; satisfactory ; references ; would go to
good country town. Address box 3975, Call.
WANTED — A j position In a commission or
; wholesale: house; am not - r afraid of hard
•work;- understand bookkeeping: would begin
at. the bottom if there was a chance to work
up. Box 3979, Call office. ,",- . .
RELIABLE,' competent man wishes position as
' watchman or take care of horses and cattle;
no - objections . to country; single; strictly
* temperate ; middle . aged. Box 3966, ?Call. ;
GARDENING 7 and genera) . work position
~ wanted by ; competent young man ; good . ref-
, . erences. - Address - box 3933, : Call ' office.' "
RELIABLE ; man * wishes * care of small ranch
"-; or ;. country place, j ; Box 3917, : Call , office.
EXPERIENCED < cigar ¦ salesman wants posl-
'.. tlon.;. Box 3919. Call. office. .
YOUNG : man L wants : place ¦ to ¦ work : -for his
.: board ; while ' attending school. Box 15921, Call.
; YOUNG j man Just '. out > f rom ; school would like
position in a lawyer's . office; has knowledge
of ' bookkeeping _ajid stenography. Box Sg^O
Call office: .¦¦•.'.¦ . -f ' v . '
EXPERT. . stenographer, typist, accountant,
: gives two hours', service dally in exchange for
comfortable bedroom and : breakfast. Box
.: 7402,, Call) of flee. ,. ; \\ 7 >
YOUNG" man 20 ; years wishes position ' in gro-
cery^ or, family liquor store; has 2 years' ex-
perience •' and * first-class - references. Box
S922, . Cair of fice. -
.WANTED— By ': a professional nurse, . a posl-
• tlon to care for Invalid on sick , perpon. Box
3978. j Call office. , : . .,
YOUNG - man wishes to • work . as • assistant of
engineer;: some experience: salary of; no con-
: • slderatlon. Address : box 3928. Call : office. v :
BY a fairly, educated American from the East
-a 1 , position": of any;kind; used" to care of
:) horses;-drove delivery ¦: wagon 'one place : 7
; years. 'Box 4002. Call office.
I ¦WANT , to ' take . chargre of " country property
:'» for. non-resident owners. ,' Box 3082, Call.
A SOBER, steady, young colored man wants a
i place i as dishwasher or work ' about place.
¦ W. W. f ' 174 Jessie • st
¦ • BPSIXESS '¦ CHAXCES— CowtlWned..
JOSEPH STRAUB. ? . '* . ' •; - ':¦¦
850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
v Real Estate Agent. ' '
I ¦ Property bought" and sold.
1 Rents collected. • ;,
" .^ Loans neeotla ted.
- ' Legitimate Business
-.-; ."'.;, '. I , Agent
. Do you want to sell your business or do you
•want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address. - „ , ¦
Bakery. In good location, south of Market;
old age and sickness cause for selling; low
rent; price only $900.
Hotel In one of the most flourishing Interior
cities; good bar; 30 rooms; 45 beds;, steady
boarders; low rent; lease; only $900.
-Saloon; corner; north of Market; good pay-
Ing place; 6 fine rooms upstairs; rent $60. r
.i Saloon oii principal • business 6treet; good
opportunity; lease; rent $100.'
Restaurant: one block from principal the-
aters; large banquet hall for weddings and
parties; rent $60; cheap.
Restaurant; best location In Vallejo; good-
paying place; cheap; rent $40. ' '¦ ¦:¦-¦¦.
¦ Bar and merchants' lunch : in wholesale
district; good paying; price ?1500.
Restaurant and bakery in the best business
part of the city; this is a very good oppor-
tunlty; Investigate; ¦ price $13.000.^ '
A— 40 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1500;
profits S2 to $S dally: rents $6 to $125 month.
I can sell you a first-class stand at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building,
825 Market et - -
A — $250; PARTNER" wanted ; suited- to steady
• young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience- required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary St., room 4. •• . ' . ,—
THE salmon cannery business is the most
profitable business In* the world. If you do
not know this to be a fact call uoon our
agent in your city and let him tell you about
it. • The Interstate Fisheries Comnany ' of
Seattle. .Wash.'. Incorporated under the laws
' of that State, making Its stock . fully ? paid
and absolutely. non-assessable, offer a limited
amount of its ttock to. you at 15 cents per
Ehare and say positively to you that .the next
block goes at 25 cents. Look Into it at once.
INTERSTATE FISHERIES COMPANY, 302-
303 Pacific block. Seattle. Wash., or branph
office. ERWIN & CO... 1104 Market St.. room
3. San Francisco. Cal. '.-«li.
PARTNER to buy % Interest in corner gro-
cery and bar: established 16 years; amount
required $1000; value In sight Apply HOL-
TUM BROS., 545 Market st. ;
$5 11 PROFIT paid on each share since Dec.
1. '01; If you want paying, safe Investment
shares $10 each, dividends payable I every 15
days, send for circular to STERLING & CO.,
506 Liberty bldg.. New York; mention . paper.
35% PER month earned during past 5 years by
our system speculation; dividends weekly; nO
failures; highly indorsed: particulars free;
mention paper. HAMMOND 1 & CO., 21 Park
Row, New York City.
35% PER month -earned during past 6 years by
our Infallible system of speculation; dividends
. paid weekly; no failures; particulars free;
mention paper. HAMMOND & CO., 21 Park
. Row, New York City. . ' . \. ..
WELL-ESTABLISHED grodery and bar for
sale at very reasonable price; owner other
business. Apply cor. Church and Clipper sts.
PART or controlling Interest In well estab-
lished business; suitable for intelligent Ger-
man; money for improvemts. ' Box 39S0, . Call.
FOR sale — Some Tontine Saving Association of
Minneapolis contracts nearly paid up. Box
3045, Call office. ¦ ¦
ANY one wanting to buy oyster and chophouse
or shooting gallery call and see me; too much
..work for me." 623 Pacific st.
WANTED — To buy a good paying lodging-
house, about 30 rooms. M. B.. 2012 Fourth
st, West Berkeley.
WANTED — To buy good paying saloon, with
lease, for cash. E. B., 2012 Fourth ot., West.
Berkeley. ¦ -, ¦ -
$150 — PARTNER In good paying restaurant;
trial given those meaning business. Box 3939,
Call office. - .'
A — $50 FOR 2-chah- barber- shop; . good loca-
tion. Donald Investment Co., 850 Market.
FOR sale — Bulletin route in Oakland: cheap.
Add. L. STEARNS, 40S 9th St., Oakland.
$100 — CIGAR stand; Third st: receipts $6 day;
big snap. ¦ BROWN. 1221 Market st.
FOR sale — A first-class, fully stocked grocery
In a new, town. Address box 3935, Call.
FOR sale — Bakery at San Jose. Particulars at
2C5S Market st. San Francisco.
$1000 BUYS the best paying small drug store
In the city; owner leaving. R. 11. 1170 Mkt.
WILL erect grocery store in growing part city;
give long lease. Box 4003, Call office.
$500— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing. busi-
ness; money-maker.- 632 Market st.; room 6.'
FOR Sale — Retail hay and grain business; es-
' tablished 15 years; splendid retail location on
main thoroughfare; capital necessary about
$1200. Principals meaning business address
box 3974. Call. . ' ;; . ,.-.j
WANTED — A lady partner Iif first-class hotel;
excellent location; $2500. » Box 3970, Call.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula- j
. tlon Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO
Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton st
SALOON, . corner lot, • property, stock and 'fixt-
ures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL
Paso Roblep.-Cal. ,\
WANTED — Partner with $500 In good busi-
ness; money can be paid back in one month;'
- no experience ; no risks; investigate. L.,
room 218. Emma Spreckels building. '
FOR sale— Saloon In Vallejo: one of the best
stands. Particulars at 312 Battery st
FOR eale — Route on this paper in business part
of city. 1830 Market st. v
$500 — CIGAR store at Point Richmond; a bar-
galn. GIBB & CO., Eastyard P. O.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — *'-' v,f * Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. rms. 1-2*
-,, - ' MONEY TO LOAN. '
Big fre« list of lodging-houses at my office.
All fcr sale on easy terms. Please call.
$2000 — 45 rooms; two floors; new building; new
furniture; all light rooms; absolutely
clean: the beat house in best. block; rent
only $100; sold with lease; a bargain.
$1500 — A nicely furnished transient house north
of Market; clean; up to date; money
maker; nothing better in town . of the
size; to be seen Is to.be appreciated;
no cards given. . .
$1350—24 rooms off Market; newly remodeled;
always full; rent only $65; guaranteed
to clear $100 a month (with 3 rooms re-
.¦:¦>'/: served) or no sale; a snap; no- cards
given.
$1500 — A well located, well lighted, house in
Western Addition: good furniture; quiet;
homelike place; filled with desirable peo-
ple. If you want' something good see
this; no cards given. .
$6000— A' new. splendidly furnished apartment
house clearing $300 a month: the owner
keeps books and will substantiate all
claims; . a business proposition for a
business man; this should look good to
you; no cards given.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE. ' '
. Call on US ....... ..;.'.....
. . . . . . : .Any House Sold on Payments. . . .v.
18 rooms; near Sutter; clears $125....:. $1250
20 rooms; clears $125; payments. 1000
25 rooms; clears $140; only.. ............ 1350
16 rooms; Eddy St.: reduced. to. ........ 900
5 rooms; flat; bargain.......'........:.. 200
22 rooms; 3d st.; clears $100; payments. 100
10 rooms; Jones st. corner; only. .......v .275
.12 rooms;, elegant: offer wanted. '
24 rooms; Geary st; payments 2300
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms. ......... 300
68 rooms; corner; clears $400.:./.. ' 3500
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60. .......... 450
10 rooms; swell; bargain. 800
13 rooms ; very good : rent $50. . . .'. .....'. ¦• ' 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.; phone John 531.
, 906 Market st, cor. Ellis, : room 12. "r
A— 22 LODGING-HOUSES for, sale; -from $800
' up. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st. '
WINSTON & WOLF. . ............... . . .......
1026 Market st...... ;•.... -.1026 Market, st*
:': (Photograph Galley Entrance.)
: 20 rooms, rent $60; must sell.'.'.*. .;.'.. '.'/. $1100
' 20 rooms, rent $65; good location. .-..:;.. -.: 950
26 rooms.-rent $75: near Sutter St.". .".'.: ".-1700
¦29 rooms, rent $75; offices; good...... :.; ; 1400
40 rooms, rent $75; see this.....;....-....' 1700
We Have . Many More Such 'Bargains.
A— McDANIELVSKIRM & CO.,' ¦ - .-...
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
* ¦ Following only a few of our bargains:- r
.14 rooms, newly furnished ;' clears $90; Al
location; on Market st; only $1700. >
'¦'-.•;¦ 23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only; modern; building: must '• sell.' •-
¦ 22 rooms; Howard;, rent $52 50; only $800.
Money loaned at lowest rates. ¦
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. • ', :¦¦¦ ¦' - ' ¦¦'¦
850 Market st...: (Inc.).... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable 5 dealers ¦ in j rooming-houses, hotels,
. - business chances J and • real . estate. .
We furnish vacant 'houses and-- '
'.Loan money at lowest rates: "• :
' . Something new every day.
- — . ;New houses to lease. - ¦¦-¦. .':¦¦
A. CAMERON. & CO., v ' - ~~ .'.-;>¦ - .
850 ; Market st. and 8 Stockton st ¦¦ ;'
Rooms 21, 22, 23. ... V : ' A ¦>. -, Phone » Bush 328.
If you have hotels,' rooming-houses or .business
to sell, ; list wlth^ us ; ¦ buyers call ; s we . can ? suit
you ; '. have I bargains ¦ in . hotels, 1 lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.".-.
A — NOTICE— We ; have - .rooming-houses. • all
- • sizes and : prices,' In all : parts : of , the ' city; ' get
our list first." MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Market
EMPLOY3IEXT VVAJfTED— MALE.
SITUATION wanted by colored man" as porter
or Janitor. J. CARR. 417 Kearny st. .-
HEAD gardener wishes place: understands for-
eign horticulture, etc.; florist: nave best of
references. Box 4005, Call office.
YOUNG man, experienced stenographer, wishes
position; good references. Box 4008, Call.
WANTED — A decent Job as choreman around a
place, in this . city at reasonable wages: jr
hired I will give satisfaction. Apply to
MICHAEL BUTLER.' 202 Sixth st. /
YOUNG married man wants work; handy man:
bookkeeper, stenographer and typist; good
city references. Box 3989. Call office.
STOUT young man " wants work of any kind:
good references. Address W. M.. box 3903,
Call office. ¦¦¦:-¦¦ ¦ . ¦'
SITUATIONS wanted by German man and
wife; would like a place In country hotel.
-Address box 3987.; Call office. . - . 1 ¦
INSTALLMENT houses — Experienced man In
curtains, cor Meres, etc., wishes nosltlon aa
salesman and stock clerk combined; best of
references; at present employed; could assist
In purchasing, etc. Address box 3940. Call.
SHIRT cutter with exoerience In stock and
custom wishes situation; no particular loca-
- tlon. Box 4010. Call. - '
STRONG boy 17 years old desires opportunity
to learn baker's trade; small wages. Box
3923. Call office. ¦¦"¦
A YOUNG German wishes a position as driver;
well acquainted with the city. Box 3971. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a gardener who knowa
his business; private or ranch foreman; or-
chard, vines, grafting, pruning, propagation,
horses, cows, etc.; ref. 6 years Southern
Congressman: ref. 3 years private place.: rer.
2 years nursery work; ref S years foreman
gardener park. J. S. 809 Mission st. S. F.
YOUNG man who Is desirous of learning elec-
trical and civil engineering would like posi-
tion with some good establishment Box
3C99. Call office. ¦- - . '
FIRST-CLASS flange turner and general boil-
ermaker wishes situation out of San Fran-
cisco; eood reference and is now -working.
' Apply Steady Work. 500 Kearny st
POSITION as porter, wrapper or assistant
packer by March 1. Address N. LINTON.
435% Minna st. ¦,...---
EXPERIENCED invalids' nurse wants posi-
tion; reasonable: good reference. 810- Tele-
graph ave., Oakland.
A YOUNG Japanese wants a position at
chamber work; $6 week up. I. S., box 3913.
Call office. .
BUTCHER, good all-round man. wants a
place: hotel or restaurant. Box 3916. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. HOP Flllmore it
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been , established at 10M
Valencia st . ¦, . ¦ ¦
$500,000 BONDS (denominations $25, $50, $100.
$500, $1000) .for sale: bids for our 30-year 5
per cent gold bonds will be received till
' March 1, 1902; purchase price payable. 60
days after our Telephone Exchange la In
actual operation . In San Francisco with at
least 6000 telephones In use. No bids for
less than 90 per cent will be considered.
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COM-
PAN'Y. 206 Sansome st.
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. a licensed
stock brokers. 326 Post st. i-
PACIFIC .Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — W«
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
$25,000 AT less than 6 per cent: must be good
business property to secure this rate. J. S.
JOHNSON, room . 25. Chronicle building.
FLATS TO LET.
WASHINGTON, 3049— Finest flat In the city;
recently renovated throughout Apply MADI-
. SON Jc BURKE.
A — SEE A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
for swell new flats, facing Golden Gate Park.
A— MARINE view; new; 2922 Pacific ave.;
sunny side; swell location;- 8 rooms and bath.
A — SWELL new flats. 5 to 8 rooms. Just fln-
-, lshed. 509-529 Frederick st.. near Stanyan.
A— 2922 PACIFIC ave.; view of Golden Gate; S
' rooms, bath; brand new.
FLAT— 950 Eddy st, near Franklin; all mod-
ern improvements. '. ,
NINTH, 404 — Nice flat of 7 rooms and bath.
SHRADER. 834 — 7 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern Improvements. 1
UPPER flat 3 rooms; newly papered; $9. 659
Jessie st.. abovfc Seventh.
$12^ — 1-ROOM flat, rear 663 Geary st ; furnl-
. ture of same for sale.
FLATS TO LIST — FURNISHED.
BUSH. 863 — Modern upper flat to lease; gentle-
men roomers retained if desired. Call after 10
a.m.
ADULTS only: sunny choice partly furnished
flat 975 Golden Gate ave.
MODERN newly furnished five-room flat for
sale cheap. 647 Ellis st
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished sunny 6-room flat near
Golden Gate Park, for sale: desirable loca-
tlon; rent reasonable. Address box 3918, Call.
NICELY furnished sunny S-room flat for sale.
324 Ellis st ' - ¦ 1
: FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 BO, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
6 ROOMS, all rented; nicely furnished corner
house; 2 bicycles with brake. 874 Howard.
FURNITURE for ' sale; 6-room flat; cheap
Apply 1031 Market st. room 6.~
FURNITURE WANTED.
A..WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
, gl6ves. ~
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world-
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAXTEP— FE3IALE.
WANTED--3 cooks, $30 and $35. some wash-
.4 second girls. $20 and $25; German nurse-
girl, 2 children, to go to Honolulu, fare here
$25; 4 chambermaids, wait One meal $20*-
waitress for Institution, $20; 3 waitresses to
go Eouth. $20, $25; cook for Los Oatos. $30;
Santa Cruz, $25; nursery governess, $25
girl, housework, mining district, $25 only 2
In family; also a numJBer of girls for house-
work for city and. country at good wages;
call early Monday. ¦¦ J. F. CROSETT 334
butter st *
Mdt>OW J?iu L Dress ™aklng, Ladles' Tailoring
and Millinery School will fit you for busi-
ness; thorough Instruction in every line -we
give our pupils the best system of dress
cutting and designing on the coast; aid p"
B Vh«?Sisa ?o r o^
LADIES— If you want genuine home work, no
canvassing; we will give you a yearly coS^
tract to do copying for us in youf own horn,
and pay you from $3 to $15 weekly- cow
and paper furnished free. Call 9 to 12 or
NYfeWEddy 8^ 51 "- N0VELTT COMPA-
WANTED— Young lady bet 18 and 30 years al
partner In a theatrical. vaudeville sketch- ex
perlence and money not required ; no fake"
stand . investigation; good chance WM
LOCaHART, box 3990. Call office. M '
LADIES, making sofa pillows home; $7 to 112
weekly; materials furnished: no cknvassing-
¦-'g.-SSycfiSSff? 1 Hou^ir' M n f|:
FOR Honolulu, a German girl to take m™ Zr
two children, aged 5 months to 3 year? T«
quire Knickerbocker Hotel. Van Ness" an.i
. California^ room 20. anU
RELIABLE woman for housework and cooking
for 4; no washing, no windows; Sundayaft...*
noon and evenings off: $18 per month. AddIv
betw een 11 . and 1. 301 Jones st. . Apply
GIRL to do light housework In Alameda- fr™
country preferred; two In family; gold h o " m .
. Calf oMce! ! Wage " « 10 per •=»-«- BoYS:
WANTED— A, young woman^ who I* ~»—.^-
tent to cook and do general hwwwork "c^ii
• Monday between 1 and 5 p. m. «t run V?
Allister st - al 1345 Mc-
WANTED^-A woman to assume entire contrnT
of a business branch; one accustomed u> an
ing a responsible position. Box 393T . Call
WELL-VERSED, good appearing wnm= n ~i
; caiac^^v^^^^s a?
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. ?-"
ers need^ apply. < Monday% 8l5 Markei. r m
GIRL for general housewcrk night ami — . — "
ing.' who can sleep at . homlTiiS Cart Tu
HEip^WA^^^S? 1 .^?^^^^
¦"*¦' o'itfWVft CO.'S. rphone Grant 183
AT C R. HANSEN *£ pARTMENT «
1 3S5S K3F£& ™ «*£
3 ch^^aVs'.-Co^nado'Beach. hair'
S f/n^y '. Be^ch. ttt'"
2 cha^te»dir^°ta-BkVbk^ f^-adl-^
5 chlmbe'rmaJdsrt-o'walC di^ent coun-
" PUIn^roner'fnd-run-mangie; Institution! '^
«, w C £ U tr^'.-city"and country »%£***
n M7LY Ot DEPAR^T':^
2 cooks! small Jewish families $30-$.^
• CoorSVfa^if^'s^^'cniirsee'party;^
Plen'tTV 'piaaes ' It "or 'all' *to& of * help »,
thia deoartment •••••• *ini*nVaW«V
C. R. HANSEN & CO 1M Gear T at -
A— 3 FIRST-CLASS waitresses. first-class
A^olntr?hoTel. $M. and part of ™**°**?*£
C. R. HANSEN A CO 10 * Geary st.
WANTED— Neat competent woman for gen-
ho^work: small family; s »*
quired; call Monday morning. 1320 Green st
WOMAN to do washing and Ironing two day.
each week. 56 Belvedere- st. between Fred-
ericK and Waller. ' jm
COMPETENT lady to «UP«7£ < L* hoTs!^
.where servants are kept. Address box J3-7. *
• Call office.
GIRL to a_tfst with baby and light house-
work; sleep home. 341 Bartlett 1 to 3.
WANTED— Young girl to assist
work, take care of child. Apply 27" » L»guna.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
windows. 1303 Octavla at
OPERATORS on silk and wash, waists. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 807 Market St.
YOUNG girl to do light housework; wages $15;
no washing. 1115 York st.
WANTED— Machine operators at Busby* •
Glove Factory. 207-209 Sacramento st.
R P^AUE P R^^^^^
GIRL for light housework and help mind baby;
|3 month. 853 Valencia st
APPRENTICE with UtUa experience for xall-
llnery; pay while learning. 130 Sixth st.
YOUNG girl assist light houaawork: good
home: fair wages. B02 Fulton st
A NEAT girl to learn millinery. MRS. -S. R.
.HALL. 10 Kearny st. __________
''GOOD pants flnUher: wages $9-?10. 1000 Har-
rlaon st. corner Sixth.
PRESSER on custom coats. BELASCO A
HARRIS CO.. &41 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
work at highest pay; also hav« a tew ma-
chines empty for girls about 16 years of ago
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts. *
*" ,
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par«
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — An experienced tucker; steady
work. MARKS BROS.. 121- Market st.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss _ Co/s Overall
. Factory. 32% Fremcnt st ; no experience
necessary: good pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
0 _____
WANTED— A refined German girl to tak* ca-»
of child 2 years old; must have references;
wages $25. Apply Saturday and Monday,
from, 3 to 5 p. m.. 1913 Franklin street
GIRLS learn halrdresslng-, manicuring, mas-
sage, hafrwork from A to Z In 2 weeks"
course, $5; must fill 5 positions within 2
weeks; day and eve class. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
BODY Ironers, $10 per week. United States
Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia sta.
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 519. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — Experienced Ironers. OAKLAND
LAUNDRY CO.. 690 29th St.. Oakland.
GIRLS from 15 to 17 for factory work; --apply
at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento.
A GERMAN woman as governess: stats re-
. liglon: salary $30. Box 2904. CalL
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia it
HELP WAXTETJ-. -MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 53 iS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
634-636 Clay st.
, Office open 7 a. m. Monday.
2 machinists, country job $3 50 day
3 furnace men. quicksilver mine $75
6 slack coopers, see boss here.. $35 and found
S laborers, $60; 4 teamsters, $2 day; S farm,
hands; 3 milkers; 4 choremen; 2 choreboys;
4 pruners, orchard, $30 and found.
, WOODCHOPPERS «
WOODCHOPPER3 ..;....
45 woodchoppers to chop cord wood In a new
camp, virgin timber, level ground," big wages
can be made on the Job; work will last two
years; cheap railroad fare; prices:
Redwood. 80c „
Pine, $1 25 per cord «
.V. Oak. $1 60 per cord
30 tlemakers 10c to 16c each
3 cooks. 4 waiters, 14 kitchen hands, baker,
* ° "MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st*
WANTED— Errand boy for this office. $3 •¦
waek. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
SALESMEN; $50 weekly & expenses; sample
free; greatest' money- making Invention of th«
age; automatic washer; does washing In 80
minutes without labor or attention; cheaper
than any other machine; Indestructible:
-agents coining money; write for sample and
agency. Automatic Washer Co.. Station, U.
Chicago.
WANTED — Bookkeeper In wholesale millinery
house; one experienced In looking- after ac-
counts preferred: strictly confidential: stats*
terms, experience and references. Box 3028. '
Call office.
WANTED — A good male clerk; familiar with
bazaar business preferred; must come well
recommended. Address by mall A. SCHLUE-
TER & CO.. Oakland. r_
WANTED — Honest man with $250; tend cash,
restaurant; $50 month and board; no experi-
ence; snap; come quick. BROWN. 1221 Mkt
MASTER Barbers — All barber shops close Feb.
22 (Washington's birthday), at 12 o'clock
noon; keep open until 11 p. m. day previous.
EASY chance to make money: best proposi-
tion on the market; $2 to $10 easily earned
dally; Investigate. 993 Market st. room 1.
YOUNG man to take charge newspaper route;
; short hours; wages ?10 per week; must gtv»
bond. Box 4007. Call office.
WANTED — A first-class advertising man; must
come well recommended; no chumps need
apply. Herald. 240 Montgomery st. Monday.
WANTED — Good wood carver: state wage^.
Write Salinas Planing Mill. Salinas. Cal.
PRINTING press feeders . wanted Monday
morning. 300 California st.
BOY to drive butcher wagon. 245 Fifth st
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO.. 21 Sutter st.
COOK wanted at 330 Main st
WANTED— One assistant cook for short order.
613 Clay st. ¦>
'BOY wanted. H. A. ROSENBAUM. stalls 1-0,
Union-square Market. Powell-O'Farrell.
FIRST-CLASS pastry baker. Ill Taylor st
$150 BUYS half-interest in brokerage and com-
mission business. Stanton & Ltllls, 777i»i Mkt.
WANTED— A young man for bookkeeper- must
have had experience, writs a good hand ac-
curate at figures and be able to furnish good
references. Address, stating references sal-
ary expected, box 3054. Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In demand;
only requires 8 weeks; tools donated: cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS. ¦¦ •--
WANTED— Experienced dress goods salesman.
£g?&. between 8 and n *• "• at HALE
bkus. HBMMMHbMhM—
TRUSTWORTHY person each county to man-
age business old-established house: bona-nde
""??£ ly cash salary $18 paid each Wednesday
with all expenses from headquarters; money
' l.?2 ced l? r expenses. Manager. 339 Caxton
building. Chicago.
WANTED — An office boy about 10 years ot
age: must write a good hand and have had
" Om'ofrw'* exi)erlence - Address box 3373,
" __
P^ TNE i l in mai "ifacturing business: whole-
•*•* ¦nd retail; «tock for Invoice price; larg»
?^ii S: L" 0 . 0 ™ 111 * Partner, tend place. Par-
ticulars 237 Fourth st. near Fo_ob_THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.1^ SUNDAY; FEBRUARY 16, 1902.
37
REAL ESTATE—CITY— -FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.'.
.-*•••-.' «38 MARKET STREET.
'¦'':
.AUCTION. ...
AUCTION.
• TUESDAY. February 25. 1902.
At Our Salesroom, No. 638 Market st. .
;' ' • At 12 O'clock Noon.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS MANSION. "
East side (214). Spruce st,. 67:814 feet north
of Clay; an elegant new modern residence 14
rooms and bath; unexcelled marine view; rents ,
$80 per month; lot 30x107:6 feet -. • ;
• MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 400-409^) Oak st, 60 feet
.west of Laguna; two elegant modern round bay.
window flats - 6-7 rooms, porcelain tubs. etc..
and two flats 4 rooms and bath each, on Lily
ave.; rents $105 per month; lot 27:6x120 through
to Lily ave. . . ".
"'• ' POST STREET FLATS. .
* ,TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
North side (No. 2544) Post st.175 feet west
of Baker; two substantial well built flats '4
rooms each and a rear house, 4 rooms; rents
$33- per month; lot 25x137:6 feet-.-
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 3333) Washington st, 68:9
feet east of Walnut; flne large elegant two-
story dwelling. 10 rooms and bath; hardwood
floors; flne conservatory, etc.; excellent marine
view; lot 34:4Hxl27:8Vi feet.-- ¦¦.-.
SECOND STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Southwest corner of -Second st and Park
Lane north- and between Bryant and Brannan
sts. ; - Improvements ; consist of a . two-story
frame building. 13 rooms and bath; basement
and brick foundation -.-large lot, 45:6x98 feet '
ALSO
The easterly line of Second street 55 feet north
of De Boom and between Bryant and Brannan
sts. ; three-story frame building, 17 rooms and
bath and two-story frame- flats Jn rear about
two years old; pressnt income $89 50 per month;
lot 25x100 feet 1 ;..; J ;¦-••¦ ¦" '
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
. - Southwest side (Nos. 124 to 128) Juniper st.
250 feet southeast of Harrison: four .well-built
flats. 3 rooms each; rents $40 per month; lot
25x85 feet.- ¦ ? w • y*- ¦-:-:::
> • MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southeast corner of Twenty-eighth and
Church sts.; two stores with 4 living rooms and
flat above. . 8 rooms and bath; .rents $50 per
month; lot 26:6x75 feet ;,. - . . .
¦ " FILLMORE STREET BUILDING LOT.
' East line of FUlmore st. 24 feet loutb of
Waller; a- desirable building lot, suitable for
store and flats; lot 24x81:3 feet
\< ¦¦¦'¦¦ HOWARD STREET LOT..
• East side of Howard st, 215 feet north of
Twenty-first: a flne large lot In a. very desira-
ble neighborhood; street work all done; lot 25
xl22:6 feet. : • • ._ ;•;: A
BAY VIEW HOMESTEAD. LOTS. ,,
Four large lots on Vancouver and Guada-
loupe sts 150 feet north of Santee: four large
lot/ running through from Vancouver to Guad-
aloupe; lots 75x100, feet each.. '¦'. .
EASTON, ELDB.IDGE & CO.,
v - • 638 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO:. ¦
638 Market Street.
475,000— Grand corner on- Market St.. near
\ , , ¦ ' Franklin; 3 frontages; lot 75x124 feet.
$20,000— Jones st. near Golden Gate . ave.: 2
modern houses. 10, 11 rooms and bath:
rents for $1440 per annum; lot 30x
. 82:6 feet N • - . . ¦'¦-.', * :
812,500— Three new modern flats, nearly com-
pleted, on principal .drive to Golden
Gate Park; exceptionally sunny: near
Park Panhandle: rents $1440 per an-
num; large key lot. 27:6x112:6 feet.
$12,500— Three modern flats of 5, 6. 7 rooms
.':.' and bath on Grove st, near Gough.
. and 4 flats on Ivy ave. ; rents $1500
: . per annum; flne large lot 27:6x120
feet.
$8,500 — Three modern flats, 6, 7, 8 rooms and
¦ bath: rents.- $.960 per annum: Jackson
st, near Devisadero; lot 25x128:8 feet
$8,000 — Three new modern up- to-d^e flats, 8,
5, 6 rooms and bath; rents $78 per
, ¦ i. month; all rented; flats. will be com-
pleted in about 20 days; on Folsom st'
¦ $8,000— House 13 rooms and. 2 , flats. 4, S
rooms, in the business portion of
Twenty-fourth st; rent $720 per an-
num; large lot. 50x104 feet
$7,000— Modern residence, 8 rooms and bath:
. . Clay st, near. Devisadero; lot 27:6x
' ' ," 127:8ft feet... ,', - 1 . '. M .
$4,000 — Make offer; 2-story house. of 6 rooms
and .bath; cement sidewalk:, street
, bltuminized ¦ and fine neighborhood;
O'Farrell st, near Scott :
- $3,750— Modern • up-to-date - residence of [ - 7
: s" ;: '.-rooms and bath on north side of Bush
' ., st, near Baker;, one-quarter cash,
• • y' /balance flat loan- at 6 percent. "«
. $3,700— Modern '2-story, house, 7 rooms and
bath; -brick' foundation; sanitary
< ' plumbing; Filbert st, near Hyde; lot
; , 22x137:6 feet
; $3.700 — Shotwell "st.. "' near •' Twenty-fourth;
-. : dwelling, 9 rooms and bath, and new
¦ 2-story barn; 'lot 65x105 feet alone
worth the money.
$2,500 — Rents $336. per annum; 2 flats, 3
. rooms and 1 flat 6 rooms; Gilbert at,
- near Brannan; lot 25x80 feet, -
; $l,65O-^-Modern cottage of S rooms and- high
. - basement: brick foundation:" near
Twenty-fourth-st. cars; lot 31:6x125
.;¦;_.. ;.\, - . feet % ..•-._..,.
$1,650— Cozy .Richmond . cottage, r 4 "'rooms';
¦ modern; brick foundation; Twenty-
fifth ave., near Clement st; lot 25x
130; easy teims. •
$200 each— 42d ave., near H st. and
Ocean boulevard, 25x100; southwest
'corner -S st and 13d ave., 32:6x100
"feet; 47th nve.; near T st and Ocean
; boulevard.. 32:0x100 feet.
' EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market
LYON & HOAG. " ... *.
- ¦, 114. Montgomery Street
¦ A FEW CAREFULLY SELECTED. .*. . .
. ¦.'.;'.•-... '.PIECES' OF REAL ESTATE........
........... WHICH WE KNOW.:.........
....;...'.. ARE CHEAP ........;......
FINE BUSINESS CORNER,
$7500 — Rent $70: Howard-street corner; has
over -60 feet of frontage on each of '2 main
streets; Improvements, good stores and flats;
oiler wanted; heavily mortgaged. • ¦¦
' NEW FLATS AT THE MISSION.
$5250— Rent $47.50; brand-new fiats,. 5 and 6
rooms, baths, etc. ; electric light- and gas fix-
tures; big lot; abundance of light and sun;
flne location. . ¦ • , - ,
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS.
$2850 each— Ashbury, . between Haight and
Page; 2 lots, 25x100; sunny side of street; ex-
cellent location for residence or- flats; corner
adjoining just sold for $5500; buyer will begin
at once erecting a handsome residence.
NEW FLATS FACING THE PARK.
{9500 — Rent $95; three flne flats. 7 rooms and
bath, each; dining-rooms paneled; kitchen in
center of building; rooms prettily decorated;
lots of sun and light: an excellent Investment; 1
owner anxious to realize. "'.•¦. " •
•; MISSION RESIDENCE!.
$4500 — $1000 cash, balance at 6 per cents
Twentieth, near Guerrero;' best . portion of
Warm Belt; splendid 2-story bay-window house
of 8 rooms and bath: 3 wood mantels; lot 25x
114; house cost over $5000 to build.
HANDSOME FLATS CLOSE TO TOWN.
$13,250 — Pay. over 11 per cent;- three swell
flats, built on key lot; contain 7 large sunny
rooms,, marble steps, round- bay-windows; . this
building • was erected three years ago and is
still occupied by original tenants. -
We publish a monthly list, containing full
description of ' both Improved and unimproved
property for sale in all . sections of the city,
¦which we will cheerfully send to you. • . '
. ' LYON & HOAG,
. ' , . 114 Montgomery street.
A. J: RICH & CO.. A ; ' ••
' Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
112 MONTGOMERY.. ST.
$50.000— Second st, r large corner , close to
. - >.:¦.-.-' Market et.. In the business center. .'
$40,000-"-Flfth st. : large corner; lot 90 ft front-*
, '-. age; $300 per month income.
$25.000— Taylor-st investment; near Ellis.
$18,000— Washington st.; magnificent residence;
.all latest modern improvements; large
. . ' lot. 37:6x127:6. .
$16,000— Clay-st investment, near. Battery; 3-
¦*•.-' story and basement brick building.
$16, 000-^-60:9x137 :6;; -Scott st; corner lot:
•-.*;:, "marine view' and flne residence loca-
¦ .: , tion.-'.- :¦:.-' •-.-.¦¦ -:-.;• - ¦< . :
$15,000— Geary, st ; 3-flats; near Hide at: lot
, .'; 26x137:6. .-¦¦ . • • O :
$13,500^-40x137:6;. Flllmore and Vallejo ets.;
corner.. lot;. commands a grand marine
?» — ;-vlew; make offer. ¦•-•-- ..-'-. ,
$11, COO— Stores - and flats ; Union st , near Oc-
tavia; lot 44:9x137:6.
$10,500— Devisadero st. ; • 3 modern '. Improved
¦-' • • flats; sun all day; rent $S0 per month;
• : ¦¦ --key lot. < >¦- .',,..- . '¦ ,
$10.000- : -O > Farrell: st ; 12-room residence, bet
..-..: .:' Gough and Octavia ' sts. ; lot -27:6x120
$10,000—68:9x137:6; .Vallejo . st, near Powell:
. • " should be. improyed with flats; pay 15
. - ' " ¦ - per : cent on Investment. ". i. ! .' - - . .
, $9,000— Calif omla-st» residence, near Larkin-
?0 rooms and bath; lot 25x87:6.
: $9.000-j-Laguna sf. corner residence, , 14 rooms
. and bath; -all improvements*
marine view.;:: ¦ :• '¦-. . «¦ ; , ..'
$2,60O-^-Lot 25x137 :6; Oak st.;." near • Central
¦ •• •¦ ' avenue; .< - ¦ ¦¦ . -• '.-•: ¦
$3.600 — 23xll2:«: Page st. near Shrader.
' ¦ A. J. RICH & CO... 113 Montgomery. ,
; COTTAGE FOR SALE— ROSS STATION. . •
.' $2700— An * elegant cottage > of ' 11 rooms and
bath." nice stable; an -excellent piano, also mat-
ting. ;; carpet : and stoves go ' with.- the . house ;
best part of town; 'five minutes' walk from the
station..' Apply.' to B." Ov i HAAS. ¦> real - estate
agent. 589 Parrott building. San Francisco.. >¦¦.
A 'CORNER.^ 75x80/ junction Market and \ Do-
. -fores,: $13,000." E. A. ¦ K.; ; Dlmond, Cal.'. •
MUSICAL INSTRUMENT!*— Cow.
A FINE large upright. $150; a : beautlfullr
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany cass,
. ' in use only a few months, $275: new piano*
to rent $3 50; squares.' $1" 60 and $2: Beck-
eteln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS Sk
SON. 23 6th st. airts for Ivers & Fond piano*.
A FIRM'S failure to realize Immediate cash
- have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go; easy payments: other storage uprights $40
up. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 931 Market st . •
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood big.
AT KEEPPE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano.' 433 Golden Gate aVe.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand, $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House, 1729 Mlssn
STILL, renting- new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. : H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lathan place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE for rent in Napa — The large store
¦ fronting on both Main and Brown streets;
the beet located stora in Napa; now occupied
by Thompson, Beard & Sons; will be for
1 rent on 15th March. Address W. W.
THOMPSON; Napa. Cal. .
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg, 927 Market et; of-
flces with light, heat and janitor, $15 to $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER. .¦•--.¦ -¦¦
LOFT, light and airy, 25x100, with water and
gas; suitable for light manufacturing; ren?
$18. WM. LOANE, plumber. 430 Fifth st
A FINE office room or portion : of ' loft ! for
manufacturing purposes.- Inquire fourth
floor, 144 Union Square ave. • ¦•
STORE — 23d and .Guerrero; fixtures, living
rooms; suitable for drug or grocery store. | j
LARGE stable and loft. . 1615 Folsom st, bet
Twelfth and Thirteenth; $15.
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny st: $10;
also larsre store. Keys 636 Clay st. room 1.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. in. good • order; all
sizes; cheap. ¦ H. S. WHITE.. 516 Mission st
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co., 31» 3d st; tel. Red 3521.
Papering room, $3 up; painting, whitening rea--
t-onable. Painter. 5C2 Stanyan: tel. Park 15.
PALBHSTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific palmist, parlors
12 and 13. The Vendome, - 1104 Market st;
hours from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
CHIROLOGICAL College; Branch 2 — Character
reading and palmistry taught. : MRS. : WM.
McMANUS, 731 Guerrero; phone Church 3085.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4.-700
Post Bt, corner of Jones: phone Polk 837. "
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor «t. bet. Geary and Pott: tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS. -
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
Ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
edy is superior to all other tonics and restora-
tives. It is clean and healthful, is not gummy
or sticky; no grease, no stain; never fails.
Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our office."
385 Geary st, The Star Remedy Co..
AN OPEN
CHALLENGE V
Bring your own goods to us and we will
make and trim your suit or overcoat for $12;
it will introduce our work. MASTEN, the
Tailor, 701 Geary st
BE5 wise and investigate Mrs. Dr. Parlow's
Advanced Foot Treatment. So-called Incur-
able cases Invited. The Parlow Foot Insti-
tute, 34 Kearny Bt.; hours 9 to 5; phone Red
2439. MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, Mgr.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly: L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth. .
WEALTHY gentleman, beautiful home, excel-
lent character and liberally disposed, will
marry for love and companion ship. MR.
MORTON, room D, 404 Vine. Cincinnati.
AT Newman's ticket office, ' 11 Montgomery st,
. you will find cheap rate railroad and steam-
ship tickets to all Eastern and Pacific Coast
ports and Nome. Alaska. T. A. Rlgdon, Mgr.
SCALP eruptions don't cause gray hair: g^rms
as hair and color destroyer is fake: stamp for
"cause and cure.'.' KUESTER, "Hair Doc-
tor." 1152 Franklin, Oakland; here since 18SL
1 WASH and dry your hair In 10 minutes with
warm or cold air. 50c; hair dressed, 25c. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st; store open all
day the 22d. .
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free .'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit ; by using Standard Patterns ; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.6th.
RAG carpetsjwove to order and for sale; also
. chenille- wove rugs, . eilk portieres; dealer In
' carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth. Oakland. ¦
A— WHAT do you think O. HERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts' to order; $1 each:
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley, 1702 Market.
A school to learn hairdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market
bet Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
Marriage paper containing hundreds of "per-
sonal" advs. of marriageable people, many
rich, mall free. J. W. Gunnels. Toledo, Ohio.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
YOUR fortune told trom cradle to grave; send
dime and birthday. J. MYERS, 105 Lincoln
Park station, Chicago. - ¦' ¦ ¦ .
ELECTRIC needle»speclallst; superfluous hair
\ & moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter. |
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
MAN of 32 desires the acquaintance of lady;
object matrimony. Box 3043, Call' office. <
SUITS to order on installment for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115/ Kearny Bt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
. electric needle. MRS. M. Harris, 426 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
! electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market
Superfluous hair & moles destroyed with electric
.needle; trial free. Mme. Bollngr. 407B Hyde.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
balr to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vlda Company, 7CI
Valencia Et. corner Nineteenth. . : / - ; •¦-,'
Ekatins rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
i open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
instantly. 10c and 25c. All druggistsi
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 0C8 Sutter: tel.Larkln3171.
.MASQUERADE costumes, play books,' wigs;
country orders.' GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, th'eatrl-
cal cogturoer. 20 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE cults. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50
' Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupor.t
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
f rUYSICIAKS AND SURGEONS. 1 ;
ABSOLUTELY FREE COnIuLTATION— All
diseases -of men and women treated success-
fully. - Prepare all . medicines myself. DR.
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk st.,' corner Mason:,
A— DR. OLIVE. GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market st; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
., 1021% Market st,' bet Sixth and Seventh. ¦':¦
PROPERTYOWXEHS A CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chlm-
, ney, I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot up;
expert in curing smoking or faulty flues;
chimney tops, 'all descriptions, erected: con.
¦tractor brick and concrete work; foundations*
. and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
building's; having my own screws and timbers
T can do this work cheap and without obedl-
.' ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2033 MlnMnn.or box 260. 318 Bush.'
¦- PROPOSALS. "^
OFFICE, of. C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks
Wuh., February 10, 1902. — Sealed proposals
in . triplicate, .will be received here until
a. m.,~ March 11, , 1902, and , then' opened for
the construction at Fort Wright, i Wash:, • of
one double barrack building, : brick. For full
Information, : plans and 'specifications S apply
to this office.- U. S. h reserves right to reject
' or accept : any ' or all : proposals ¦ or, any, part
• . thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposal* for construc-
, tlon* of. buildings at Fort Wrigh/, Wash.,"
and ' addressed to v underslzned. i - w. JA«
COBS. C. Q. M-
¦ - MISISQ/AXD ASSAYING.- ¦
FOR eale— Property of the Live Oak Consoll-
.: . dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada County." 15 miles north of Auburn; 2
patented claims. S-stamp quarts mill, ditch
and holctlng works; reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners: mine open
for inspection. "Further particulars from A.
_MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal. :
MIXING STOCK FOR SALE. '
A BARGAIN — 1000 . Montezuma shares, 22%c
per chare; need money. Box 3942, Call. .
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.:
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machlneryT~"Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont st.
OLD BUILDINGS FOR SALE. '
Situate SOUTHEAST corner of BATTERY
and UNION STS.
One C-Btory frame, 25x120.
, One 3-story brick, 25x60.
One 2-story prick. 25x60.
One 2-story brick. 25x120.
For further particulars inquire - at room 69,
Chronicle building. ¦ - ¦
4-INCH centrifugal pump, with gasoline
engine, all complete.... .....$200
' 8 H. P. gasoline engine 150
8,H. P. Scotch marine .boiler 100
. 15- Inch engine lathe, complete 160
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
SEALSKIN suitable for 30 or 38 bust; condi-
tion and quality finest; cost originally $250,
for $80 cash; a beauty. Box 394S. Call office.
BAR fixtures; We stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Ccllender Co., 652 Mission.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
' goods; money back if not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO.. 209 Battery st. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Some Tontine Saving Association,
. Minneapolis contracts; nearly paid up. Box
3S45, Cftll office. ,
I A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, 51 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
Wall paper 3c, worth IOc; paperhanging, paint-
ing. Merigan, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
' t — ,
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
NEW cash register for eale. Call at 628
Broadway.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1015 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried , in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. , ¦ '
¦ *
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
¦ and launches. J. E. DOAK. 390 Mission at
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
: J. .BURKE. 13» Beale st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. 'BULLARD &.BRECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
PORTABLE 1000-foot well boring modern out-
fit, in good condition, for cash. Send full
particulars to box 3C43, Call office.
| BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st: phone Bush 484.
LATHE, foot power, second-hand; reasonable;
cash; gtate dimensions, price. Box 3688, Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th st: teL Jessie 2851.
JMOXE V 'i^O LOAJf. _
HERMAN If. UOi Kxaminer bulidlns;
S4.600.000 at lowest ratej
...... en tint and second mortgages
Life Interests In estates
Property belns held In trust
.... Undivided Interests in real estate .... '
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
Jf You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at G'4 & C per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country property:
second mortsases. life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided ln-
- terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. "
First second and third mortgages
Undivided interest' in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R, McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
money jro loan) ~~
. - ': . . .$1,000,000 - at "Lowest Rates ;
. .-...» 1st, 2nd and 3rd Mortgages
Undivided interest in estates, insurance poll-
ciea, furniture or anything else.
PACIFIC LOAN CO.. C46 Market st
ANY proposition, any amount: 0 per cent; first
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
' . Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle bl*. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
_~ ~ - ¦ • .--*¦ -f •> '
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 'Grant ave., near
Geary st ; phone Red 1603. • ft ~
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st: tel. Main 1644. . Branch 19 Third.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: confiden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
1 ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market, room 613.
ANY amount lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
'household goods, without removal ;ccnfldentlal.
ORMF.BY.20 Montgomery Ft.. opp. Lick House.
ON ¦ furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
' party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
' - tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any^isecurity. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com:; private
' party. St Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
: HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser.. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
O-. salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, planes; lowest rate; no removal; :
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you ran: a home I will loan you money to
: buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without Indorser:* other propoci-
. - tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bin.
LOANS monev on salary: no indorser: Kaittern
plan. w»«t»rT» Txmti rn.. .toa Ph»l»n bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. _
AT Factory Prices — We are cutting prices be-
- cause our new building and hall will net be
finished as ruarant^ed by, contractors. \Ve
-will .have no room for stock for two weeks.
100 pianos of ail different makes must be
rented, stored, sold or shipped. We also
wish to show you how cheap a cheap piano
can be sold — new pianos such as are sold
as. bargains from *185 to $275, we will sell
at ?9S. To grlve you a real piano bargain
' -we have some In all makes, slightly used,
from $25 to $350.
. HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary st. opp. Union Square.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and.gecond-hand, is the largest w«st
of Chicago and Includes the most ' reliable
makers to choose from.. New pianos cold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some pood
pianos fr.r $3 $4 and $S per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY tc CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and 8utter »ts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth it. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of good reliable pianos that we
are going to offer at very • reasonable prices
has Just been received; no > one can afford to
• buy a piano elsewhere- If the. best piano for
the money Is wanted. Wissner, Decker and
' Baumeister pianos Jn all styles sold on pay-
ments if desired. THE ZENO' MAUVAIS
¦ MUSIC CO.; 769 Market st
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 POST ST.
Sohmer, Byron Mauzy, Lester, Splelmann,
Hamilton pianos; Cecillan Piano Player, best
in the market; fine large room for storing
pianos,' $1 per month; pianos to rent, $2 per
month up; new pianos from $175 up; every-
thlng warranted to be as represented.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
. Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand nquare pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
' pianos from $175 up. - BENJ. CURTAZ* A
" SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng. Mason
A Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. \ -
- ANY piano sold by us taken back any - time
wlthlr. 2 rears and full purchase, price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. - at regular
price; coets you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from.u*,. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
st; established 1850. / '
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
. ward: values belt in the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
BEAUTIFUL upright piano, nearly - new ;' a
sacrifice; -no agents. Johnson,- 1042 Folsom.
BARGAIN, great ' sacrifice ; 2 uprights, ' nearly
new. • JOS. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister.
HELP -TTAVTED — 3IALB Con. . :
TOUNG man, about 18 to 20. who has had ex-
perience in . office work, for shipping clerk;
state age, experience, etc. Box 3974. Call. •¦
INTELLIGENT people -who need an Income ad-
Creus Proofreader, box 019, Philadelphia. Pa.
THE Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company is
ready to contract with desirable men to Intro-
duce their New Intermediate Policy through-
oat the Pacific Coast; liberal contract and
good territory Apply Intermediate Depart-
ment Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Co Pa-
cific Mutual bids:., cor. Sacramento & Mont
FOR Bale — Newly furnished 4-chalr barber
shop; finest fixtures; best location; rent only
$20; must tell on account of leaving city
only $S00. Address box 3&C7. Call - office. '
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps TJ
P. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over C feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply a t the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
"WANTED — Men to learn barber trade- eljtht
weeks; tools donated: situation guaranteed-
catalogue mailed free; discount this month!
Gordon s Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal..
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third Et.: 150 'large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per -week.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push-
pood opportunity to right man. F. PERSOV
room 412. Parrott bulldtn*. ¦_ '
ATTENTION— Ex-vol. soldiers, for extra pay
apply at 630 Market Et. O. E. HOWE.
EXTRA pay now due TJ. S. Volunteers Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand array shoes.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard et.. nr. 5th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
ehoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st • ¦¦ -
TOUNG men to learn barber, trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R.
BAILORS ordinary, for chips for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Et.
GET your ehoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's ehoes. slightly damaged, half
price. 6C3 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt. near Mar-
fc** — 300 rooms, -25c night ; reading: rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st. " .
HORSES AA'D WAGQXS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. -
FOR sale — Gentle, stylish riding horse 14%
hands, dark color; also gentle riding and
driving Indian pony: cheap. Santa Clara
Stables, 16* Golden Gate ave.
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bourht and sold; new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market et.. corner Eleventh.
HORSE and phaeton for sale: fine gentle horse
for family driving. 1000 Geary st. {
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
FOR eale — 1375 Eddy st; stylish single-footing
saddle horse. • -
WANTED^ — Good second-hand bus. W. L.
WILLIAMSON. 98 Webster st ¦
A "WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 papes. in wrapper for mailing: gl per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRLNTEETliBt houses to let; send l!or~cl£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
MISSION. 2723 — House of 7 tunny rooms; new
plumbing: large basement and yard.
HOLS RS TO ; LET IX JP I EPMOXT-
TO lease for 6 months, a house of 8 rooms and
2 baths; recently built; artistically furnished;
on car line. Address R, A. BRAY. 220 Clay
rt., San Francisco.
SAN RAFAEL — Roomy house with all conven-
iences and thickly wooded grounds: suitable
for opening- up a fine summer resort; fur-
nished or unfurnished; convenient to station.
For particulars address "Resort," box 3S32,
Call office.
HOUSES WANTED— Suburban.— - •
RESPONSIBLE party wishes furnished cottage
in Mill "Valley for June and July; state par-
ticulars. Box 39S0. Call office. . t ¦
HYGIKXIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 33. 139 Post st.. Liebes building.
> *TEP-
BUILDING, loft or room, -with water power
and steam for laundry. Box 3924, . Call.
ENVELOPE lost yesterday going from Mont-
gomery and California ets. to ferry; value
$100; $30 reward. A. L. BERTELSEN. 7
Market et ' "_
LOST — At Pioneers* Hall, Feb.- 1, handsome
lace handkerchief. Liberal reward If re-
turned to- MR. SPEAR. Sec Pioneers'- Ass' n.
$25 REWARD for the immediate return of 2 tin
boxes; no questions asked. 906 Market st,
room 5.
LOST — Tuesday evening, silver lorgnette. Re-
Wir3 at 2S06 Flllmore Bt.
JLITHIMOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 706 E11U.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and eterlllzed, ' uphoi-
rtery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. UOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
tt.; tel. Bush 421. ,
"medical. ~
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases;
all . private diseases in both eexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 10J8 Market St. opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladles
before and during confinement; best care:
confinement 115; rm., board. $5 irk.; Infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resld., C08 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; borne before and during confinement;
Infanta adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 41U Q-Farrell st.
FREE Museum of Anatomy; 9 to 9; free medi-
cal lecture, 8 p. m. daily; one door from Hall
of Justice. DR. LANDERS & CO., 714
. Kearny st
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office. 1228 Market st: 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. ladles' physician;
private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed; -formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; now 112 Mason.
MRS. T>. GOODWIN. ladles' physician; 25
yean* successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. IKKJ Market Bt.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home: home
In confinement 1120 Market et.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladlef'
epedallst; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.—
DR. KG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st, opposite
Union equsre: all diseases cured by herbs.
_ MIXES A X P MIX IXC
EVERY man. from the wage-earner to the cap-
- iteliFt. ¦ H a speculator; every storekeeper,
from the peanut vender to a Wanamaker es-
tablishment; every pawnshop and money-
lender; every broker and every banker— *tll
are speculators. Such is the opinion of C.
H. Kimball, the well-known promoter of
Boston. He Is 'right, as any thinking- man
mutt admit to himself. If to nobody else.
Said be: "Th« secret of profitable specula-
tion is opportunity, health, perseverance."
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE
Offer an opportunity ' for honest investment
that does not orescnt itself every day. The
management of the company is honest as
we believe, and as development progresses
the properties grow more promising. - A fa-
vorable report Just received from the mines
lead some shareholders In this company to
Increase their holdings. The stock ts cheap
now, but it wlil not continue so much longer.
. For a limited time it is offered at 5c cash
or 6c on installments.
Write for prospectus and reports.
AMERICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO..
Haywards building. San Francisco.
tEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. 8.
F.; branch office, Nome, Alaska, season 1002.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR, . SALE.
G. ; H. ' UMBSEN & CO:. - • • i ;'¦ ' '."
- ¦•• i - ' 14 "MONTGOMERY ST.
'' ¦ ~ ¦--. ¦¦ .--- ¦'¦'• REAL ESTATE.
$45,000— Rents ' $335 60 ; per i month; Eddy st,"
• ' inside' of ' Van: Ness ave. ;-6 elegant,
• » massive flats,' nearly : new, ¦ of 9 rooms
' and bath, and rented to desirable ten-
; ants; large lot 1 52x120; 2 frontages, ;'
$30,000— Choice • corner * on ' Polk ¦ st. ; ¦ improve-
- ments consist of 3 stores and flat and
dwelling; 30x79:0. •¦ ' . '
$21,000- : -Rents $145 per month; a choice down-
¦-!--. town corner; Improvements , consist of
two 3-story and basement brick build-
ings; 37:6x80. :^M*flH«fca^JS^*8
$20,000 — Rents $150 per month;. ' Hayes Bt,
near Octavia; building consists ot store
and 4 flats; 25x120; 2 frontages.
$16,000 — Rents $132 50 per month; choice cor-
ner on 16th st. ; 2 stores, 2 flats of 7
'.' rooms * and - bath each; also 2-story
: house of U rooms ; brick foundation,
etc.; 30x90.
$12,500 — Bargain; Mission .St., near 6th;. sub-
stantial 2-story and basement frame
building; 25x80.' , , . -- ;,
$12,000 — Rents $92 per month; McAllister st,
'•" inside of, • Fillmore; good • building,
consisting- of store. and 2. flats; all in;
good order; 30x137:6. . - t. , r :
$10,250 — Rents $80 per month; Ellis st., near
' Laguna; 3 modern flats of 7 rooms and
'¦-.'¦ V "¦¦'¦ bath each; 2 frontages; 25x120.
$10,000 — Rents' $97 50 per. month;
Bt, near' the Park Panhandle; 3 new
elegantly flniFhed flats of -6, 7 rooms
- 'and bath each; this is a. splendid buy.
$8,500 — Rents $85 per month; near Union st.
and Van Ness ave. ; 3 new. bay-window
flats of 6 rooms and bath each; lot
> • 27:0x137:6; mortgage of $5000 can re-
main. ':'.-¦'- . ¦ '.' ' ; ' '. !-'-'!
$8,200 — Rents $52 50 per month ;'Pine-st cor-
' ner, near Flllmore;'2 modern -flats of
' 6. 7 rooms and. bath each; 27x87:6. •'
$7,500— Rents . $55 ' per • month, - which can be
! : . '¦ readily increased; Hyde-st. ;'. 2 stores
: and flat; 31 feeffrcnt. •
$7,000— Rents $02 50 per 1 month, which can
be readily increased ; Folsom st, -near
>¦ 12th; a good, substantial 3-story build-
Ing-, • consisting -of store and 2 flats, 1
¦ , separate entrances; this location is
• rapidly Improving - and becoming- de-
. sirable. property. ¦¦< '- ,.¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦
$6,000 — Rents $55. per month; 13th st, close
to Duboce : Park ; 3 well-built flats,
steadily rented; 25x110.
$6,000— Devisadero . st., near < Haight ; r a de-
• ¦ sirable bay-window residence . of 8
rooms and bath; i all in perfect order;
' • •¦ key lot; sun all day; .25x125. ¦•—¦;•
$4,500— Haight st:,- near * Baker;- 2-story bay-
window residence of -8 -rooms 'and
- •. bath; nicely elevated and command-
" . ing a fine view; 25x120; this is a snap.
$3,250— Near ICth and Church ¦ sts. ; a sub-
' stantlal 2-story : and basement frame
- house of 6 rooms and bath," with stable
1 ¦ ' in ' rear for ¦ 4 • horses and j driveway ;
brick foundation, etc. ; this is a bar-
gain. , . : . ¦ : ' ; . .¦¦;¦ ¦': ... „'; £
Call or send for our Real Estate. Record, con-
taining a list of properties for sale in all parts
of the city. ' . . ..
Latest Pocket Map of San Francisco, 25c. - i
G., H. UMBSEN & CO.,
¦ 14 Montgomery st .
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., • 1; .'-..¦ •
... .14 lk'«tg*mery rt
AUCTION.
• i . • AUCTION. • =
i . ; : auction.- ' '¦ . • ; ;
: -vAUCTION.
AUCTION. *
. AUCTION. >
At our salesroom, . MONDAY, February 17th,
1902. at' 12 o'clock noon. '
. SIXTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. : .
Referee Sale. -
No. 2S8 Sixth st. and No. i 69-71-73 Harriet
st. ; improvements consist • of store, . lodging-
house ol,18 rooms and three tenements; double
frontage; subject to confirmation by the Su-
perior Court. ;
LAMDERT ESTATE. ,'
¦ - Administrator Sale.
Nos. 1068-70 Howard st and Nos. 577-579
Natoma st, between 6th' and 7th sts.; im-
provements consist of 2 stores, 3 flats of 4
rooms and 2 lodging-houses of 14 and 19 roomu
each; rent $1(2)2 per annum; with little outlay
the income of this property could be consider-
ably ltscreasad; 50x165, irregular; -subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
PO3T-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1649-1651-1653 Post St., bet. Laguna and
Buchanan sts. ; 3 elegant new modern flats of
8 rooms and bath each ; rents $102 50 per
month, which are low; lot 26x0x137:6. »¦
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
. Nos. 511-513 Octavia' ft. and No. 611 Ivy
ave., bet. Hayes and Grove, sts. ;. good i im-
provements consist of 3 bouses of 6 rooms an-1
bath each, alt in perfect order; rents $6S pet
month, which are low; lot 35x80. ¦
HOWARD-ST. RESIDENCE...
No. 2224 Howard st. bet 18th and 19th
sts.; residence of 9 rooms and" bath; brick
foundation; large garden ¦ and yard ;-. lot 60x
123:6. ¦ ¦ ,: .
: WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No. 21 Baker st, bet, Haight and Page sts.;
choice bay-window residence of 8 rooms and
bath; enly one block from Park; bank mort-
gage of $3500 can remain. ,'-• --•:. ' ...
REFEREE SALE. . .
15th st. junction of Market i and Sanchez
sts.; 2 choice 'building lots, 23x100 each; sub-
ject • to -conflrmaticn by the- Superior -Court
, ¦ MISSION RESIDENCE.
No. 9.. Pearl st.. bet. -Market and 13th. -. Val-
encia and Guerrero sts,; .substantial dwelling
of 6 rocms and bath; brick foundation, etc.;
lot 25x80: • . . * .. ¦¦¦<:. ¦..-¦¦¦-¦•
CAPP-ST. RESIDENCE. . .
No." 842 Capp st, bet 23d and 24th- sts.;
modern bay-window -residence of 7 rooms and
bath; in perfect order; street bltuminized and
accepted by the city.. • ¦
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.' \ H
.No.'SSOO 17th st, NW. cpr. of Sanch.e« st;
good lmcrovements. consist -of 3 stores and 2
flats; rents $92 per month; lot 30x91:6.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
: No. .2763 Octavia St.. near Green st: cozy
cottage of 6 rooms; street' bltuminized and ac-
cepted by the city; lot 31x72. '
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS. „ .
13th st. south line, bet' Guerrero and Do-
lores Bts.: 2 level building lots,- 25x90 each.
For further particulars apply to • • • -
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
'¦'14 Montromery. st-
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, .
Real Estate', Agents.
Rents Collected, Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property. . !
•- 624 Market st .. :~.--' J
$28,000— - An elegant 17-room residence; north-
least'- corner, close to Van Ness ave. ; lot 30x
120 feet ; ; - -. . .-
$2(J,0C0^-Mlssion st, near First; . lot 22x100
feet and building renting for $74 per month. ,
$24,000 — Three-story brick building ; on Mis-
sion 8t. , near Sixth ; lot 25x90 feet ; rents $bo
per month. — : . - ,¦ - ¦¦¦... - . . . . ¦ .
• $14,000 — Hyde st.. close to Geary; 3 modern
flats, "containing 7 and '8 rooms; lot* 25x87:6
feet; rents $105 per 'month. . ', ,
$10,000— Three new flats on Broderick st,
near. Hayes; ; lot 25x100 feet; rents $97 50 Der
month. . . i • ¦
: and Improvements on Third st
near Bryant; lot 25x72 feet;. rents $52 60 per
month. \ ¦ ¦ , _' :
$7000— Modern residence near Park Panhan-
dle, containing 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x100
$0000— Up-to-date residence ' on Sacramento
st, near Presidio reservation; containing 8
rooms and bath; can be had on terms.
¦ $4000 — Waller st,' ..close to Golden Gate
Park : lot 50x100 , feet; good location for flats.
$6000— Sanchez st, near 16th : pair of flats
containing; 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents
$40 60 pe» month.
$6400— Post st, near Pierce; modern pair of
flats containing 5 and 0 rooms and bath- rents
$52 50 per -month riot -25x77:8 feet
$3000 — Choice . cottage on Prosper st ' near
16th, containing 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x80
feet; rents $18. per month. . - '
: Further ¦. particulars , of BOVEE tot *
SONNTAG, 624 Market st. : -. .
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
.-.We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Don't;. delay!, We can' posltvely suit you. .
$100 : to $400— Ocean Boulevard lots • ' eradpd
and fenced; $5 monthly. ¦ . •- . V ,*"
$500 to $1100— Choicest Sunset' lots'- all
graded; splendid demand;; wonderful Improve-
ments; $10-monthly. .
Sunset Branch Office, Ninth ave., near H_st
$400 to $800— Unexcelled Richmond building
lots; $10 monthly. ...i. . .t *¦•
*$100 to $250--Level' building lots near MIs-
slon-st" electric cars; perfect bargains- inspect
them and you will admit it; $5 monthly. . -
$1000, '¦- $1500 to ' $2500 — Modern cottages • all
bargains; choice locations; easy terms. '
/• SOL' GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle - building.
RIVERS BROS.,' 205 Montgomery st" '
¦¦¦:¦-¦ «¦-¦.¦'.;'=- $500,CASH! ; . - : ¦ ,'¦'¦
Balance monthly installments same as rent;
price $3250 ; 7 lowest; bank t rate 'interest, ,6 per
; cent on deferred payments; handsome ; new cot-
tage; just completed;'. 5; large rooms and i bath;
most beautiful; marine -view in the: city; two
large and elegant- bay-windows;; large yard 'in
rear : ' ; latest." most '¦ improved '. nickel-plated i open
plumbing; • porcelain .bath- tub, : porcelain sink
tiled ; : elegant gas fixtures , > throughout ; ) gas
grate; cement wash trays; birdseye maple man-
tel ; ; best ' painting, graining,! varnishing, - tint-
ing and Hncrusta throughout halls -and dining-
room; dome ¦ ceilings ; J: brick: foundation; plate-
glaes doors; abundance of sun and light all day
long; every modern convenience;. water, gas 'and
sewer ' connection all I made; . cement sidewalks *
first-class location; >15, minutes • from /Kearny
and Market sts. ; i on car ; line ; . no \ transferring
to sref downtown., '....' .. . .
. Don't, miss this bargain; it is. worth 60 per
cent more than price jwe are asking.
.1" $300 'cash.- balance same as rent, without ln-
trest — Beautiful 1 5 room | and bath cottage ; good
as new; porcelain , bath , and sink,; tiled;; dome
ceilings;. brick foundation; elegant gap fixtures;
cement '¦ wash', trays; - patent '.tank >¦ closet; large
bay-window ; -walls r. tinted ; " best . painting ¦ and
' graining; ¦¦ up-to-date in every respect ; ' on Cas-
tro st ,• .¦:.'¦', ¦'.-. ', T RIVERS :BRQS.T ;
SBi/UlKSvSBBtSSBS.' --•¦'¦< 205 Montieomery, st. " '
BROADWAY-CORNER ¦* •' residence; -modern;
' . complete; artistic. . THE MCCARTHY CO..
646; Market :st . - , ,'",
jREAi/: T eitate-^citt^-for; sai^b.
BALDWIN : & HOWELL',
10 MONTGOMERY ST..
$13,500— •Vallejo-st ; corner residence, 15 rooms,
bath, : etc. ;r portion of -purchase price can re-
main on mortgage; large lot 23: 6x107: 6. "
$0500- r Rents $60; lot 50x137:6; 4 flats; Oak st. J
$5650— Rents $47; lot 25x120; 3 flats; Second av.
$10,500 — Bush st. near Taylor; ' rents . $80;
splendid building; a' bargain.^ •"}.;
J25.00O— M!f slon st, near Fourth; /lot 40x80;
bound to enhance In value. '
$5500 — Southeast corner Larkin and Beach sts. ;
lot 6S:9xl3T:6; 2 flats. ;
$1750— Cheap home ;' Merrltt st, near" Seven-
teenth and .Hattle ; • cottage of 4 rooms and
bath, hi^h basement. _ ;¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
$2760— Baker st., 1 near. Gutter; lot 23x100; cot-
tage of 4 rooms. . , , . '
§2500 — Elliott Park, near Geary and Stelner; 2
flats; rents 523 60..: ..' ¦
st.; lot 25x75; 2 flats; rents $12.
$4500— Baker, st. near Sacramento; cottage of
,6 rocms and. bath: ; lot - 26: 6x102: 6. : .,_:
BALDWIN & HOWELL, .10 Montgomery St. .
SUNSET LOTS. ¦;' >= c
OPPOSITE NEW PARK -ENTRANCE^ .'
On the H-st. electric car and fronting Golden
Gate , Park and . the new Nlneteenth-ave.
' . . . ,
Lots and streets en official grades; macada-
mized; plank sidewalks, * gas and water ser-
vice. Money advanc<Sl for building- purposes-
Call at once at our branch office, open week
days, Sundays and "'holidays,- corner .H st
and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gate Park,
'and ask to be shown these beautiful lots.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
.'/••¦¦-'¦¦¦ . MoHtgomery st-;
. 1 1 5 LOT S! - 1 1 5 LOT S!
AT THE POTRERO.
, $250 AND UPWARD, f
MONTHLY PAYMENTS IF YOU PREFER.
Near Union ¦ and Rlsdon Iron Works, Tubbs'
Cordage Factory, Sugar Refinery and lands
- purchased by Santa Fe Railroad; located on
'; Twenty-third, Missouri, .Texas,*'. Mississippi,'
:• Indiana and Minnesota sts. . ¦ ¦¦¦;¦-;
BUY BEFORE PRICES ARE RAISED.
Takp Third-st. cars, get off at Kentucky and
Twenty-third sts.'
BALDWIN & HOWELL, .
. • , , . , *..,:¦-, 10 Montgomery st. ;"
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery , St., , opp. Mills bldg.
' -¦¦ $10,000 ; PROFIT IN TWO.' YEARS. ..
• '' North of Market st. .
Three Blocks From Baldwin Hotel Site.
$26,000 — New, modern building-, 30 rooms and
• • « 4 baths, etc.: cost over $16,000, land
worth $17,500 (lot ¦ on '¦ same street
¦ j within' 1% blocks sold * recently for i
' ¦ V$1100 a foot); present. rents will pay;
1 ' 'Jot the property in 10 years; mortgage
of $16,000, 6 per cent, can remain.
- SEE THIS TO-DAY.:
: Nos. 1653-55 Waller st, near Shrader st .
$7,500— Rent3 $870; '2 new, elegant,, up-to-
' r date flats of 6 andS rooms, especially
- arranged for sun a.nd light; marble
- steps; gas ¦ and electric ssrvice; don't
fail to see this to-day; premises open
. for inspection from 11 a. m. to 3 p. in.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$11,500—3 new elegant flats; rents $1320; pays
• nearly 12 per cent; nothing finer in the
: .' district; $10,500 offered last week; see
this at once; a bargain. ¦ \
NEW ' WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. '
$10,000— Rents $1170: 3 . new flats of - 6-6-7
. . rooms; extra well built, with double
floors, patent windows, etc.: choice
portion Western : Addition; Ellls-st.
cars one block.
I $5,250 — 2 well-built flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; choice portion .Western Addi-
tion; lot 25x100 feet; rents $540.
FINEST LOT IN THE WESTERN ADDI-
TION. :
$4,000 rr North.side of the street; key. lot; big
"frontage; flats in this block rent for
$50-*55-$60;' this ia the last lot for
sale in this choice location. ,
SNAP SOUTH OP MARKET ST."
$3, COO — Rents $480; 3-etory and basement bay-
¦.,.¦ • windowed •. building, substantially
• ¦ ¦- . - built, brick foundation, concrete bulk-
.' head; Rood' speculation.
L ' { l ' ' . " *-^~-^"^ '
$2,750— Rents $324;'- 3 fine. flats of 4 rooms
each; well, located: lot 25x80 feet .
$3,000 — 2-story house of 6 rooms and ' 12-foot
basement; large lot 28x85 feet,, alone
' " ' worth the price asked; cars pass;
... : near 9th. ,
' - NEW '..COTTAGE, ' MARINE VIEW.
.,$500 cash, balance, $2750, as rent; 6. rooms
' ' and bath; all modern Improvements;
¦'birdseye maple mantel; elegantly fln-
. NELSON, JOHNSON'* CO... ¦
205 Montgomery, et, opp. Mills bids.
HAWKS & SKELTON. '.
: Rents ' Collected and Entire Charge Taken -
i . of ¦ Property. . . •
$11,000— Business property; Sacramento st,
near Drumm;- rent nominal; will rent well if
improved. I * ' ¦. : ¦
$5000 — Flats; Harrison st.,' opposite Garfleld
square; a pretty Park; modern, sunny; 5 and
6 rooms; ' . .- - ¦ *. • * ¦
"¦ $6250-MDctavIa et., '. near Broadway; modern
house, 8 rooms; flne bay view; good neighbor-
hood. , . ¦
¦ $11,500 — Geary-st. investment, v near Octavia;
large lot; Improved ; ' rented low; $936 per an-
num; lot worth: the price; choice location for
modern flats. * .
$11,000 — New flats; Broderick. near Grove; 6,
6, 7 rooms; rents $1175 per annum/ . .
$6000— Valencia-st investment; two houses, 7
rooms each; rents $45 per month; lot 40x85; a
bargain. . . ¦ , '
• $8500— Jessie " st* . south side, near Fourth;
could be Improved and rent well. :
$3100— Lot on south side of « Chestnut St.,
west of Hyde; '27:6x110; flne view of bay.
¦ $2400 — Lot Fourth ave., near Point Lobos; 50
xl20; street sewered, macadamised; will di-
vide; make offer. ' '
$6000 — Lot S side. Jackson St., .near Walnut;
50x100: near cars and Presidio.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st
$5 A ¦ MONTH secures you a lot with street
work done; • 1 . block . from Twenty-second-st.
- electric cars. r *
$10 monthly buys the last of those Folsom-
st lots; street work done; cement sidewalks
laid; cars pass the property; one lot left
. $350 each; $5 monthly; only 2 out of 8 lots
left;, level and street work -done; near Mis-
sion St. and Cortland ave. ... •
; $250 each; $5 monthly; level building lots,
close to Kentucky-st electric cars and Union
Ironworks." ... ' ¦
25x20<^-Two lots for $350; level and only
one block - from Folsom-st cars.. ,,
If you .want to make a good investment,
buy a Boulevard lot; $5 a month pays for
one; grand view, of: Park and Ocean. - :
:;.. '.¦¦¦.:¦ - oscar heyman/ 14 post st.
A. E. BUCKINHAM. ....:.... REAL -ESTATE
; . 26 Montgomery st, room IV. '
Rents collected;; full charge taken of property.
$2500— Very cheap property; lot 30x100; near
. Sixteenth and Mission sts.
$18,500 — Three very stylish new sunny flats, 8
rooms; ~ choice location; . rents ¦ $150.
$10,500 — Fine 6 and tt room flats; Stevenson st
' ¦¦•! , near 10th ;- rents $45. . . ' ... !
$5500-7Flne 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
¦* st; near 13th; rents $45. :. ;
$165O— Dirt cheap; NW. » corner Sanchez and
..'-'. Alvarado sts.; 26:6x105 ft'e-
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments: Eleventh ave., H and I sts., near
entrance ¦ Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery/ room
11. Branch office, Sunset," 1216 ' Ninth ave.
LOTS! v LOTS!! '< •. .LOTS'"
$1600..... to. $2500^"
;'••¦ • i ¦ ' 'Block bounded' by .
Folsom and Twentieth sts. and Treat ave
.:.-..: EASY-. TERMS. •¦
,-.-. ¦' *•; 1-3 Cash, balance tin 1 and 2 years. ' ;
¦ « per cent interest
, Most desirable and cheapest - lots in the" Mis-
sion ; ', all on grade ; j streets v sewered, .' curbed
bltuminized ' and • cement • sidewalks ; Folsom-at*
cars pass • the property ; the only block left on
Folsom; st., so don't miss .this- opportunity
select your lot t'o-day. ¦.. ¦. .. : ; i . '
; ' CENTER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
LOT 25x100 on ¦ Market St., " east of 0th ; cheap
; Pine st, nr. Taylor; '8 rms.,. bath: lot 25x75*
• Hill st.,- nr. Valencia ;; 12 r.,i bath; lot 25x114*
'; : $1200— 232 Chenery st; cottagre. 5 rms. .bath'
. ?42oO-^Lombard st ; 2 , fiats; lot 25x90 ' ¦ "
$2000-fC6ttag;e; 5 rooms, Ibath ; on ¦ 26tM st! •
SSSOO-^Mlssion st, nr.: 25th; store and flats-
lot 32:6x115. , . --;•• '
¦ $3000 — 410 Elizabeth st. ; 7. rooms, bath- lot
• •25x114. . . ••¦;¦ ;...-.,¦••>.¦ ... ¦¦.-. . ¦ .
:- $4000 — 484 and i; 488 - : Sanchez st. ;- 2 1 flats. . 5
•'..V rooms ieacli\ and .bath. *; ~. *,. • ¦. -.-, v
PATTERSON , & CO., ll r City Hall Square.
TO OWNERS— ' r:".;. ¦¦.•. <yy.:-r.;l:.'. . ¦
-.-. Wanted-:-Block South San Fran, to subdivide. '.
. '.'-'. For sale — Cheapest ' building lot ¦ In', whole-
sale, district: 'a bargain. • : • -
¦ ¦ : For j sale — O'.d > building i in • • wholesale dls-
trict ;' can- be jnade 1 to pay-12-per cent.' ¦
•¦,, Two lots near Park;;musfbe sold at ence-
-under foreclosure.,-." -'¦ . • ' •.. ••
; Apply PACIFIC REALTY:"* LOAN CO.,
•:- •.: y : f ::::: ' v :k-v »:¦>. :. : ;.-.-.:-jM6 i Market '.st;',-.
$0000— A CHOICE piece of property, corner, on
'• terminus of car line; grocery and bar, stock
> : fixtures, r. house » and- lot 'r ADDly ' at 'WEIN-
;:¦•¦ STEIN' S, i Silver ; ave. and ¦ San • Bruno : aver ' ',
BARGAIN— 9-room • house; ;'1 rooderh": Improve-
'ments. 1731; Broderick, '.bet> Bush f and> Pine.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR ~ 3 AXE.
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
«. km „ „ ' 218-2M Montgomery st.
$8.500 — Vallejo st; near Laguna; fine . bay-
¦ - window residence of 10 rooms and
. bath; very latest improvements; rent*
.. _„ for S42 5O; lot :2:6xl.u7 :6 feet
$3,200— -Woodward ave., near Fourteenth St.!
three modern flats, 6-7 rooms and
bath; rents $73; lot 25x66 feet; flne
., .^ investment. • . ...
$6,500— Zoe st. between Third and Fourth.
Bryant, and Brannan; frame tene-
ments; all rented; in Al condition:
pays 99 i monthly or over 14 per cent;
One of the best bargains offered couth
of Market st. ¦, <¦
$330— Twenty-flrst St., near Potrero ar».; *
.',;-. .-.- lot 25x70 feet; all street work done;
this price ia very much below markat
values.
$21.000— Larkln st.. near City Hall; lot 50x87:8
feet; cheap. . ¦
$20.000— Ellis st.,' north line, near Taylor; two-
story house of 12 rooms and batb;
rents $75; lot '-'5x137:6 feet.
$23,000— Pacific ave.. north line, near Octa-
. . ¦ via; residence 14 rooms and two baths;
, marine view; cannot be taken away;
¦ lot 35x133 feet.
$7,750 — FUlmore st. near Sacramento; trans-
fer point; two-story house of 8 room*
and bath; rents. $50: lot 23x90:6 feet.
$12.000— Polk-st corner with . improvements;
... . store, flats and two houses; rents $73;
lot 47:6x100 feet. .
$7, BOOr— Leavenworth st. near Broadway; four
, " . ' 2-story houses In good condition: rents
$54; lot 80x60 feet. ~
$4,500 — Green st, northillne, near Devisadero;
34x137:6 feet; a choice bargain; ma-
rine view; • ¦ " • -. • :
$3,000— The cheapest and best building lot ia
the Western Addition; north side Clay
st. near Lyon; 27:6x100 feet
. $12,500 — Income property; close to water front;
\ ¦ rents $97 60; pays 8 per cent net.
$6,000 — Calif ornia-st. residence of 10 rooms
' • and bath; rents $30;' tenant pays
, water; lot 24x100 feet. .
$9,250 — Northwest corner Sacramento st{
flats 7 and 8 rooms and "bath' each;
>•-•* latest in every way; lot 87:6x57 feet;
rents $75.
$12,600— Grove st. near Larkln: lot 30x120.
- - with flne building of store and- two
upper floors; rents $43; one block from
City Hall.
$11,500 — Post st.. sunny side, near Larkln; sub.
stantlal 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath: rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to rear
r street: * • - ¦
$2,950 — No. 3649 Twenty-first st.. near Church:
> • • .- modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; large lot, 60 feet front by 114
-.\ Vi S-. feet; grand view of the city; a- positive
v bargain: must be sold.. - .
$6,000— Devlsadero-st. flats, near Ellis; present
- - ¦ • rents $40; could be largely Increased if
a little money was spent on the bulld-
Ing; lot 25x90 feet; lot alone worth
' price asked for the property. >•:
Get a copy of our printed list ot properties
for sale. - ¦ ..,...'
, . S -T-* - - ¦• ,' \
., SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
". 218-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. - -
• . ¦ •-•-,;. ---i v ~- . 20 Montgomery st«
$12,000— GRAND BUSINESS CORNER!
Close to Van Ness and Market; temporary
rent $73; pays $100 a month; over 8 per cent
net; don't fail to see this.
• $6000— Choice business propertt.
. Adjoining corner In Western Addition; store
and flat;- no vacancy in years; present rent $40.
$13.350— ANOTHER GOOD BUY I .
Store and 2 floors above; elegant building; on
Howard st, only 100 feet from Sixth. ••;»*¦ v.
; $70.000 — Close to Market -and -Kearny; a 4-
story brick corner property; pays almost 6 pey
cent net; has fine future. -
$30,000— RENT $358 A MONTH.
I Large lot and 3-story brick building; dowa>
town location.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. CLOSE TO VAN NESS.
$52,500 — Grand Corner Investment!
137:6 ft frontage, with 7 elegant houses;
present rents $272 50; made big by small ex-
pense; plans at our office.
A PICK-UP! •
$2600 for lot 62x125. or sell }J ; adjoining lots
sold for $100 a foot 10 years ago; Dolores st,
near Twenty-flrst
..« -~. ?, AT3 9 PER CENT NET. \ -
j ¦ $12,600— Large lot 2 frontages r 1 block from
Van Ness ave.; 2 buildings, 1 new; rent $112 a
month.
ELEGANT LOT FOR APARTMENT HOUSE.
; $77.000-SUe 77:6x137:6 and a corner; on
Eddy st.. but a short distance from Market:
present rents $170 a month.
- BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
» .20 Montgomery st
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. . :
: r - - 22 Montgomery Street.;." •
$45,000— Large property on PoDt st: 2 corners;
3 frontages: rents at present 8 per cent
per annum; ought to be rebuilt with
.« «~, hoteI and « tor «; 254 feet frontage.
$50.000^ — Rents $5000 per annum: inside prop-
. erty; north of Market inside of Hyde;
i_!J , new improvements; up to date.
$25,600 — Mission st, between Third and Fourth-
25x100; 4-story building; rents $12T 60
per month. , . .
$3,000 — Two-story and basement building, on
Mission st., near 26th; contains store
and flat of 0 rooms and bath above:
street accepted; flne Improvements go-
.» ,»- ln * UD in the immediate vicinity.
$2,750— Corner D and 37th ave., fronting Park
— Nine lots; a snap. '
$530 each— Two lots, 25x120 each; 21st ave
north of Lake; marine view; $30 cash,
-balance on Installments.
$1,000 — Point Lobos, near Twentieth: 23x100
_ . each.
LOOK AT THESE FIND LOTS.
¦ $2,600 ¦ only— t>arkin st, east side, near Fa-
ciflo ave.; 25xS7:6 each; street accept-
¦ ¦ ed; lots on grade. . ,
: $8,500— Clay st, near Spruce; Presidio
Heights; flne house of 10 rooms, baths;
- - can be made Into 2 flats at small ex-
pense. ...
$11,000— Valencia st, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth; best business block on the,
street; 65x87:6; cost $20,000; a bar-
gain.
$9,500 — Buchanan st, near Washington: fine
residence of 10 rooms; late modern lm-
. proyements; cream location. . .;
. $3,600— Large lot. 70x135. with stable; suita-
ble for contractor; near 18th and Do-
lores. . ......
$2,800— Rents $34; three flats; Shipley st. near
Fourth; a snap. ¦ . ,
. $5,600 — Rents $520 per annum: two flats,' on
. : Bush st, near Webster.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.),
. 7th Floor, Crocker Building.
$500 Cash; balance easy payments: cottage
and large lot; No. 323 Twenty-ninth
st, near Church; street bltuminized:
lsi£i cars pass property; building In first-
class condition; bank. will loan $1400
on this property;. a bargain for some
... one; sold by order of mortgagee; offer
wanted: open for Inspection Sunday
* between 2 and 3 p. m. :
'$300 to $500 down will purchase an up-to-
date cottage in any part of the Mls-
. sion; we have a large list of new cot-
tages, modern In every respect: taken
for mortgages at half the real value;
... will sell for amount of mortgage on
terms to . suit 'purchaser.
$16,600— Rent $1500 per annum; one-third cash,
balance at bank Interest; three nod-
.. , em houses of 10 rooms, each; in first -
.class shape: wooden mantels. and all
modern conveniences;, a bargain at
, _- * $20,000; sold by order of mortgagee
for less than amount loaned; lot 6Ox
137:6 feet: O'Farrell st. near Web-
ster; buildings could be easily changed
Into flats. ¦¦¦¦.' •••¦..
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
¦ 7th Floor. Crocker Building.
JACOB HETMAN COMPANY,. ' /. '• *
. - ¦ UT Sutter st.
A HOME TALK.. >.'.,
Our plan Is to sell yon a home for the same
monthly payments that you now waste in rent.
We . have ' two newly constructed eottagen
Twenty-third st. near. Douglass, and Alvarado*
near Hoffman. Heyman tract that can be had
for your rent money. Look ¦ at • them. . Mr.
Cotter, our agent, 113 Hoffman ave., will show
them to you. • - -. • . ¦
Cheap— 6-room cottage, opposite terminus of
-Valencia, and one block from Mission st;
easy term*. . ¦
Park lots— 25x120; $100; $5 down, $1 per
• month: well located., ,.- ¦•-
Elmhurst — 25x114; $50; . $5 '• down. $2 -car
month; facing railroad. ..»-_-
• For rent— 2-story house. Boulevard, Ocean
beach." SBasHHtf r JACOB HEYMAN CO., ¦
. . 117 Sutter st ;
JOSEPH STBAUB,
• 850 Market st. corner Stockton. % •
Telephone Grant 177.-
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and' Sol<L
Refits Collected.
$10,000 — Three . modern flats, 8. 6, 7. rooms,
- • ;'¦; . bath; rent $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x
- 96; near Geary and O'Farrell sts. • . "
'¦ $2000 caslj — Balance. easy terms; a very good
income producing .property; 12 flats
and residence of 9 rooms; stable,
chicken yard;, 100x120; lot in rear to
... build on; rents $3000 per annum. - ;
$0000 — TWO "elegant flats: Page st; rents $80.
$3250 — Two flats- and stable for 3 horses: I
block from Market and 17U» sts. ; ' street bitu-
mlnizetf; lot 25x125.
$2800— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; near
Haight st. -east of Sianyan; street accepted;
easy terms. '?BHBE«MmB(V' | VfB«>9s*»eaaM
$2100- r Clayton st. near the" park >4Qt_2*rI20.'
'$1250-^-Chea pest lot- on Golden Gate ave.; '
23x137:8. - .
... JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery et. - :
Tor "Additional Classified Adyeztlf s-
• ' '.ments Bet Page Thirty-eight :THE SAN FBAMSCG GALL; SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1902;
38
ALAMEDA; aMERTISEMENTS^
_ ALAMEDA . REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL . BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
To be Sold by Alameda Land Company
; This week. -
$600— Fine lot; best location; near Chestnut-
st. station.'. ' - . *
$450— Corner lot; must be sold; only $450.
$650— Elegant large lot, 62x150; a great bar-
gain.
$1000— 5-room cottage; nice' lot; near Grand-
st. station. . -->
$1600— New 2-story 8-room house: large lot.
$1600— 6-room house ; modern ; - lot 25x140 ;
cost ?2250.
$1800 — Lovely new Colonial home;. lot 35x100;-
a bargain. • • - ¦ ¦
$2400 — A great bargain; 7-room cottage; lot
50x150.
$2500— 6-room 2-story Colonial house; mod-
ern: lot 42x125. a •
$2850 — Buys a $3500 home; 6 rooms and
bath; lot 50x100: ideal location.
See us before you purchase. ¦ • ' - . ** ; s
Homes from $1000 to $20,000 on easy terms.
Homes built, rented and exchanged. '
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY, >
.1500 Park St., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$1000 — FOR this price we can give you a nice
little 4-room cottage; near schools and trains.
$1850 — Buys a 5-room modern cottage ;, this
E place Is easily worth $2300.
$4500— Grand investment; two fine modern
cottages located on the 3unny side of street;
. in the central part of town; always rented;
will pay 10 per cent net. Investigate this.
Houses rented. Open Sundays and evenings.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2328 Santa Clara ave.r. ' -
•«¦;*] Alameda.'
ALAMEDA PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$6000 — 2-story and basement 9-room house,
barn and chicken house; nice garden; lot
60-150; • on north side of San Antonio ave. ;
short distance from station; will exchange
for San Francisco property. Apply to B.. G.
HAAS. Real Estate Agent, 589 Parrott
building, San Francisco. ' < -
NEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot 35x120; $2500.
. , New cottage, 6 rooms; lot 40x120: S2200;
terms; also lots in subdivisions; will build to
suit. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park st.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
y.N unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken -house, pig-
eon ' cote, etc. ; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.; rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H,
A. PLTCITNER. Fruitvale Station. ..- -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
ONE SOLD.
¦ . Only Two. Remain, • ¦
Will be finished by next Saturday; southwest
corner Twenty-fourth and Valdez sts.; Pied-
mont cars pass the property; corner house sold;
price $3750 each for the inside ' houses ; each lot
34x100; the houses are complete In every par-
ticular, having seven rooms, bath and cement
basement; hall and pjlrlor in oak; beautifully
tinted; every modern convenience; large clos-
ets; will sell on easy terms.
- $2500 AND UPWARD. " .
Will build to euit and sell on terms on the
property situated on the northwest corner of
East Eleventh st. and Second ave., having 200
feet front, can give any size lot desired ; $2500
will get a beautiful cottage; $3000 a two-story
house of 6 rooms; look at this property and
let us show, you what can be done on a small
payment down and balance the same as rent.
A $5500 BARGAIN.
Right in town, on Thirteenth St., near Madi-
son; a beautiful 9-room modern house of 9
rooms and bath: could' not be built for .less
than $4500; lot 50x100;. worth $4000; the place
is rented for $50 per month net; sold by order
of the bank.
27TH ST.. NEAR TELEGRAPH AVE.
$3750 — New modern house of 8 rooms, bath
and every convenience; lot 38x100; only $1000
cash, balance mortgage: a great bargain in a
new home; never occupied. x ,-—'¦¦
THIRTY-THIRD AND TELEGRAPH AVE.
Only $22 50 per front foot on Thirty- third st,
west of Telegraph ave.: street work, all done;
very choice neighborhood. V
WEBSTER-ST. CORNER. . :*
$2600 — A great bargain; cheapest lot on Web-
ster st.; southwest , corner ; Twenty-fourth and
Webster; 65x100; lot 3 feet above street; best
residence section; easy walk to narrow gauge;
fine corner for flats.
MYRTLE-ST. HOME.
- West ulde. between Eighth and Tenth sts. :
¦ lot 60x125; fine house of 9 rooms; modern con-
veniences; No. 941; see this place at once, as it
must be sold; fiat mortgage $4500.
$7500 BARGAIN.
One of the finest chances ever offered to se-
cure a fine home at one-half its value; east
of Broadway and north of Twelfth st. : lot 65
xlOO; very fine house of 10 rooms; forced sale.
C $1250 COTTAGE.'
West Oakland home: near West Oakland rail-
road yards; lot 25x100;/ modern cottage of 5
rooms, bath and high basement.
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY.
The finest hill property in Oakland : I easy
walk to town: larse lots; street work all done;
finest homes In the city are being built' here;
free from the winds; finest view of any proo-
erty here* prices range from $25 to $60 per foot;
new homes will be built and sold on easy
terms; let us show you this property.
CENTRAL LAND TRACT. -
Between West st. and San Pablo, Thirty-
third and Thirty-sixth; strpet work all done:
prices from $15 to $20 per front foot; any sizs
lot desired; very easy terms. .
OAK-ST. LOT..
$2750 — Lot .50x100; best location on Oak
St.; worth $4000; a snap.
BERKELEY LOTS.
$5 50 per front foot on Bancroft way. corner
Spauldlng: over 300 front feet; a big bargain.
INCOME FLATS.
Price $9000. renting for. $96 25 .per month;
four modern flats. of 7 rooms each in fine lo-
cation; near train and Broadway, and oppo-
site one of Oakland's beautiful . parks ; cost
over $12,000; must be sold.*
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO
903 Broadway, Oakland.
E. J. STEWART
$750_Neat little cottage of three rooms: lot
40x110 feet (note the size): within a block of
electric car line; sunny; choice location.
$1000 — New 4-room cottage with" bath: street
work alt done; fine location; .good neighbor-
hood: Cose to car line; sunny side of street;
seo this at once.
• S350O— Modern, nearly new two-story house
of 8 rooms, and bath: gas; high basement;
northeast comer; lot 27x115 feet; three blocks
from train: terms. $250 down, balance $25 per
month, including interest; see this at once.' y^.:-
$2250— New "modern 1%-story house of 6
rooms and bath: Just completed; north side of
the street: lot 50x135 feet; three blocks from
train : terms. 5250 <. down, balance ; §25 . per
month, including interest; Bee this at once.
$3200 — Pretty Colonial new modern house of
7 large rooms (just completed): curly. redwood
finish; open plumbing; porcelain bath and sink;
stationary washtubs; house beautifully 'tinted;
lot 40 feet front, above the street grade; nice
sloping lawn: street- work all done and stone
walks laid; tenant ready to take possession . at
$30 per month rent ; T small ' family I and respon-
sible party; this is a very desirable homeland
an excellent Investment.", yj ; , -. . \_
. $2000— Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
lot 40x100; near local and only one block from
electric car line: stable, chicken houses, ;, etc. ;
fine view and ¦ a good * location ; • easy ¦ terms If
desired.-*' . ' :
I $4500 — Elegant home of 9 . rooms and bath :
all modern • improvements; ¦ an ¦ exceptionally
fine location.* being. central and near high and
grammar schools and churches; 'built for pres-
ent owner at a cost i of . $6000 ; Just as ' good *as
new; must be sold; see, this at once.- ..;*-';
E. J. STEWART & CO.-
100S Broadway, OaklanaJ *
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS A SPECIALTY.
¦ - We - are '¦ making ' a special effort ' on ; nlc»
building lots; there is a great demand for lots
near town and we are Just the people who" can
milt you. Call' and get a list before buyinc.
We can Baveyou some money. * - ... ~
• -'¦¦;- E. . J. ' STEWART," & CO., ; '
. 100S' Broadway,'- Oakland.'
$350 CASH. $8 : monthly— 5-room cottage;- 1 Al
well of water: . barn * and * chicken-house : , lm-
¦ mense jmade ' and ¦¦ fruit ? trees : , 1 <¦ acre of -fine
• land; close to a fine • schoolhouse," churches "
postof flee and several - stores ; . an • Ideal ¦ spot
¦ and : fine -bargain for ¦ some one; 'price < $1500;
' more ; land if wanted : i city : . water and '¦ sewer
and 2 electric car >¦ lines ; . street work b well
done; no fog« nor. cold winds here;, adjoining
;East Oakland.".; Call or send for clrcular.~45*;
1 :-:•¦¦ Seventh Bt.V opp.' Broadway stations Oakland.
Carriage; free. ( H. Z." JONES, owner. "
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
$3750 — THIS Is a home on Liberty st., near
Guerrero,- in the warm belt, which the
owner has to sell for want of. use; the
location is a sightly - one, on the side
hill, and the place will be sold cheap.
$350 — In Canille, at the end of the electric
cars at the Beach; this lot will be sold
. at a low figure, as the owner is In need
of money. ¦ ""^* i ¦'¦'-¦-
$225— A very cheap level lot on East Park Bt..
Holly, close to the cars; can be bought
on easy monthly terms; a fine chance for
¦ a poor man to build a home on. I ¦'• .
MeEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st
FOR SALE — As a whole or in subdivisions, 50-
vara lot. south line Union St.; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. J3EMIS. Real Estate Broker,
224 Montgomery st.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177, ¦
Real Estate Agent. -
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected. - • - - ¦ ' - -
37:0x137:6 FOR $3250; Pacific Heights. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market gt. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
niSALJiSTATE— COUKTRY— For Sale
$10,500— €40 ACRES, near Willows, Glenn
County; a first-class farming proposition:
good improvements, horses and implements.
$7350 — 12 acres - ¦ in Sonoma County, near
Windsor; 10 acres in orchard, 16 acres in vines;
house, barn, windmill; all level land; near
schools, j
$2500 — 20 acres in Calaveras County; 12 acres
in fruit; best of soil; house, barn,' etc. '¦¦To.-.
$10,000 — Fine summer resort .in Santa Cruz
County; 160 acres; good soil, fine buildings,
orchards, .springs, creek; on county road.
Vine or orange land near Fresno: $17 an acre;
800 acres of the finest land; partly fenced.
$6500 — Lake County summer resort; good
springs, buildings, cottages, plunge baths; 160
acres, all in good order.
SANDFORD & VACHELL,
138 Montgomery st.. S. F.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS.
We desire to call the attention' of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in in-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-:
ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands and being the owner of an
Income producing orchard and vineyard, can In-
telligently direct intending buyers. to the best
lands and bargains in the State; correspondence
solicited.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery st,
$1250 — U ACRES fine land near Ukiah; 13
acres in cultivation; house, barn and out-
buildings; family orchard; cheap home.
$2S00 — C-acre chicken ranch; Sonoma Co.;
completely fitted up; 2-story 9-room residence;
barn, chicken houses, etc.; 350 chickens,
horses, tools, wagons, etc. : 3 miles from
town. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st.
SAN MATEX) — Good land cheap; one-acre lots,
6-acre lots; city blocks at acre prices; m
Redwood City, 3 minutes' walk from new da-
pot and Courthouse: rich, deep soil; great
oaks; Improved avenue; prettiest offering on
peninsula; double track; all trains stop; best
property for least" money: don't wait; come,
nee us. WOOSTER.* WHITTON & MONT-
GOMERY. C34 Market St., and San Jose.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO ¦
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
"Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st.. for
pamphlets and information.
DESCRIPTIVE catalogue, published \ weekly,
free to buyers and sellers; accurately de-
scribing all classes country property, after
personal inspection, for sale and exchange by
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
OUR ADDRESS is "E. N. EMMONS & SON.
room 4. 10th floor. Mills bldg.. S. F." Got it?
Headquarters for country real estate? Sure!
I Anything you want and more coming every
day. Keep this. Call, or write. ¦
TO let — In the promising town of San Rafael,
a centrally located brick hotel building, con-
taining forty rooms and three stores; rent
very reasonable. Inquire of box 3983, Call.
FOR RENT — A nice country place of 12 acres:
house of 4 rooms, barn, chicken houses and
orchard: 3 miles from Petaluma. Address
H. F. SUflHOFF. 200 Fourth St.. S. F.
FOR Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Penin-
sular prolferties. see WOOSTER. WHITTON
& MONTGOMERY. 634 Market St.. S. F.. and
San Jose. '.-.'•" :
PROFITA BLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to Bell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
WE offer bargains in dwellings and lots In
Oakland and Alameda: for sale and exchange.
HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st. . ¦ . . ' ,
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
stamp for free list. C R. Wlnfleld. Petaluma.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALL on paved streets and convenient to uni-
versity.
$55O — Good lot In good neighborhood.
$C50 — Large lot, with cheap house.
$900 — Very nice south front lot. '
$1050 — Very nice corner lot.
•flOOO— Lot 40x100; good 4-room house.
$1250 — Nice lot in nice location; east of
Shattuck, north of Haste.
$1250 — Elegant west front lot in Hlllegass.
Tract. ' --•¦
$ir.oe — Lot 50x130; east of Shattuck, north
of Haste. .
$1800 — Nice south front lot; east of Dana.
$2750 — Good 8-room house; . nice parlors,
large dining-room. •> '**':,:¦
•$3500 — Very nice new 8-room house.
$4600 — Elegant 9-room house; .handsome
grounds. - • ' * "
£4750 — House of 10 good rooms; very nice
condition: a snap.
|5000 — House of 11 rooms; south side; close
In.
$4500 — New house of 14 rooms; close in.
$6000 — Elegant 9-room house; strictly
choice location: close in. ¦
¦ . LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center st-
NEW modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
¦ high basement, mantle, etc.; large lot; close
to xaloon, stores, churches, «tc; good 0-
foot board fence about place and sidewalk
around the house; price $1400: $200 down,
balance earne as rent. HOME REALTY CO.
A BARGAIN — Neat 4-room cottage on large
lot: near station, stores, etc.; good windmill
and tank; street work all done; lot worth
nearly the price asked for place; price $1200.
HOME REALTY CO.
FINE modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath in
. choicest part of Berkeley; street work ,all
done: this place must be seen to be fully ap-
preciated; price $2350; $500 down, balance
same as rent; see this to-day.
HOME REALTY CO.,
Lorln Station,
Open Sundays. . • Berkeley, Cal.
$2500 — 8-ROOM house: corner lot*- 45x100; 3
blocks to cars; 5 courses of brick foundation:
all sewered; will trade for a ranch of equal
value, or will sell for $100 down, balance $20
per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2500— $500 CASH, balance like rent; new 7-
room house ¦with all modern Improvements;
corner lot 70x125: street work done; 1 block
to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO. - _
$1800 — NEW 5 or 6 room cottage; $100 down,
balance $15 per month; tiled sink, porcelain
bath, stationary tubs, tinted walls, / fine
mantel and sideboards, etc. W. C. MORAN
& CO.. Lorln station and Schmidt block,
Berkeley. <
$2400 — MODERN 6-room house, new; lot 40x
- 135: street work all done; a snap; easy terms.
$2750 — Up-to-date house; terms ".to mult.'
$3250 — Pretty house near college; large lot.
$3750— 7-room house, modern In every way;
near steam and electric cars.
$4000 — 8-rpom house in Scenic Park,, near
•university. ' . . ...
$5000 — Just completed; house 8 large rooms;
lot 52x159; windmill and tank; near cars.
$5500— -Kew house on Dwlght way. \
MAY & MORTIMER,
/ • 2123 Center st.,
.... ¦' .•.¦¦¦.- ¦¦.-.-. * Berkeley.. .
NO. 288 — $4700; 11-room house; east of Tele-
praph ave., close to U. C; modern in every
. respect. • .
No. 281 — $4500; 8-room. house; close -to
Berkeley station; large lot; a' beautiful home.
No. 284^ — $5200; 8-room modern house, fln-
lehed In pine; will be offered for a few days
at the above price. • ; -. ¦ •
S. S. QUACKENBUSH. . i
Opposite First National Bank,
¦. - ' Berkeley.' .'
$3750— FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 50x
156; near U. C grounds and electric -R.'R.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate,
Berkeley , Station/
$3300— THOROUGHLY .- well built house of • O
'rooms; window shades; combination fixtures;
corner lot; street work all done; cement side-
walk; only • 2^ blocks from ' station; and . 1
• block from electric railroad.
JOS. J. MASON. .
¦ - " Real ¦ Estate,
Berkeley Station.
$5000 — HOUSE. 12 rooms; stable: near "uni-
versity. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
, gomery tt.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages,', cent to any : address In - the
United Statas or Canada one year for $1,
ROOMS :.TO£ LET:— Furn." and'.Pnfarn.
ELLIS, i 418,'. The- Pierpont— Beautifully, furn-
¦"¦¦ lahed. suite; private bath;, >un all day; $35.', ;
FOLSOM,-: 820, near .' Fourth— Furnished : room,-
;-' $1; per, week. v * : ¦' ' " :..-'"¦
FRANCISCO : Hotel— Elegant - suites ;¦¦¦' single ;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
FULTON. 25.' near City Hall— Furnished rooms
'¦¦-to-let.^ '.",.-.,•.-- '¦¦..*:¦¦ ¦¦:¦: - -¦ . '- .- :- •¦ ¦
GAGE, ¦ 428 . Geary—Changed : : hands ; c« sunny.
*H nicely furnished suites and single; reasonable.
GEARY. *363, bet. Powell and Mason— Elegant
suite, beautiful furnishings, for offices or liv-
• Ing rooms.).; : ;. , ."-'.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
. '' ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY,t 810B — Large, v- sunny front . alcove
Vroom; bath; phone; private; 1 or 2 gentlemen.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
;: Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
-.home at moderate charges; suit, single ;elevat.'
GRANT. : 245 — New ; bachelor, apartments,' f ur. :
or unf ur, ; suitable physician or. dentist; refs.
HARRISON.: 1114, near Seventh— Nicely, fur-
1 nlshed rooms; reasonable. . '
KEARNY. 34,- and' 47 Post— Office or sunny
„ furnished rooms; en -suite or single. .
JONES, 305— Sunny r furnished • rooms ; - phone,
gas, bath. ¦ ' 'SJ^^lSSff&SsSSf^Sf-^.
JONES, 402 — Nicely ; furnished rooms ; sunny ;
. modern conveniences; central location.
' LARKIN,; 327— Elegantly 'furnished rooms for
' -housekeeping; .also single. '^SricK
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome , suites;
• : private baths ; • newly furnished . single rooms.
MARY. '¦ 34 A — 3 rooms furnished complete .-for
housekeeping; bath and gas; key ' upstairs.
MCALLISTER, 903i£— Larce furnished bay-
window room, grate, bath, $10. , : ¦
MINNA, C07.N corner. Eighth — Newly furnished
' .;• bay-window room ; $1* per_ week ; . transient. ; .
MISSION, 2247. near Nineteenth — Front stmny
. furnished or unfurnished room; 1 or 2 adults;
X- gas. ...'¦¦¦.-¦'¦.'..•
NATOMA, 217. near Third, 2 blocks from Call
—Newly furnished. . .
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur;
"nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices;. elevator; elec. lights; day, week., mo.
O'FARRELL, , 1935 — Elegantly furnished front
.bay-window room; bath; gas; phone; private.
POST, 835— Lame, sunny furnished room; 1 or
2 (rents; references.- . ¦ .. . . ;
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandesecent light,
reading-room, j smoking-room and ladies' par-
., lor; 'rooms; per niglit, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to .$8; month, $8 to $30;' elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
% HotelSt. Denis. 24 Turkst.
STOCKTON, 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
. rooms; bath; phone. ; ' ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been esteabllshed at 1096
Valencia st ; • . • - . . •• .
ROOMS AND BOARD. t
LADY with fine home desires refined, middle-
aged gentleman. as boarder; one who would
; " appreciate comfortable home. Box 3984, Call.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water ;¦ modern ;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
LAMBOURNE, 420*Eddy— High class hotel: fur.
.suites or single; board optional; steam heat.
CROCKER, The, 015 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms. ;¦ sin. and suites-, ground and tennis crt.
EDDY, '626, The Irvingdale-ifeunny suites:
. large double and single rooms from $22 50 up.
HANDSOMELY furnished sunny front room;
befard optional; every convenience. 316 Eddy.
JOHNSON. The. C05 O'Farrell — Nice , home;
3 good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
GEARY, 817 — Nicely v furnished front-., rooms;
modorn'imorove'nts; board $20 or couple $10.
THE . CORBIN, S36 Sutter— First-class table
¦ board; terms reasonable. -Phone Polk 803.
NIARA, C15 Taylor — Sunny -front, and back
¦ suites; ' excellent board; terms reasonable. I
CALIFORNIA; 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
: family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HAYES, 415 — Room board • for two; gas;
; bath; phone; reasonable. - - : •:
2.SUNNY rooms, with'board; first-class home
: cooking. 2215 Bush" st. ' -- . -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
. ' 10 pages, in wrapper for malllne. $1> per year.
;- . ; ROOMS "AND BOARD ..WANTED. V
A YOUNG man (employed) desires room or
. board and room in private family; state all
.."? particulars. P. A. B., box 3981, Call office.
WANTED^-Nlcely furnished rooms; man and
wife; north of Market and east of Van Ness.
' Address box 4001, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
- — ¦-— ~^~~~.' ¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦ — —¦————————>¦.—¦ -,—-.—-
FRONT sunny rooms; north of Market/ west
of Larkln: not to exceed $10. Box 3985. Call.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.- *
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market st.. rooms 5 and 6; new system.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415. Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
SEAVING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
FOR sale— One Domestic, • one Singer; almost
/new* cheap; call Sunday and evenings. 639*£
Natoma st., rear. , '....- . .. ¦ •
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
- lowest rates ; phone Howard 3264. 145 6th. -
ALL kinds bought, sold, 4 rented, exchanged ; re-
¦ - pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
!i STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
P^Eltai^RTJDO^piri^ra^
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. v ; tel. Howard 941. F. V?. ZEIIFUSS.*
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., C30 Market sU;
tel. . Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. .2320 Fillmore. Bt.: phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS ASD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS 3T^PKVVRITERS^We
. sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert.
typewriter doctors :e»tlmate free. 20t> Samome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND in. liquidation of 4 per cent on
• all deposits has been declared by the Cali-
fornia Savings and Loan- Society, payable on
and after Friday, February 14, 1002. at the
. of .Ice of . the society, . Mills building, . second
floor,' room '28. -' ' *. ' ¦ ,
: ' CHAS. . D. FARQUHARSON, Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.;
: The t ollowlnsr marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ; • i ¦ :
" Jamea W. SlmDson, 26, Fresno,, and Annie
F. Bakery 22, - 1 II i J''t'Wiwlffi'"UBIlWII)lllllL^IJII.II)>^
/Marjano- Sposito, -89,- 124 Green street, and
Sarah L..Scafldi, 33, 124 Green street. '
; - John ¦ J. s Muller, ¦: 21-, Crockett, and Mary E.
Small,*' 18, Crockett. '-¦-• •.-'•¦* . , , ¦¦
. Franc's T. ¦ Sargent," 47. ¦ Cloverdale, and Liz-
zie L. Dietrich, 40, Davenport, la. ¦ .
: -Felix Carlllo. 33,, 307 Rltch street,' and Crls-
tlna M. Garcia, 30, 307 Rltch* street. .
• . J.' Ralph Plevin/ 27, ' 218 Locust ¦ avenue, and
Lottie L.% Beshorman, 21, 131 Grove street."
¦ .. Joseph ' Benanate; . 30, Eureka," . and ' Ollmpia
Petrina, ,23,'. 421 Greenwich -street. .'..-
Harry M. ¦' Bridges, ' 23,- Oakland," and Lillian
M.'Smlth, 22, city.-; -. .,
: John F. *:¦ Verdenhalven, - 34, COO <. Guerrero
street, • and Johanne ¦ M. r Nagel, 31, , 142 ; Castro.
- Giuseppe S. Saracoo. 27,". 35 Ninth street, /and
Rosie F. -: Lavaio, 16, 766 Brannan street,
Hans A. Jessen, 28, San Jose, and Catharlna
Rehder. '¦ 33. Petaluma.
BIRTHS-MAPAGES-DEATHS.:
'- Birth, marriage • and death notices «ent by
mall will nof.be inserted. "They must be handed
In at either of ' the publication offices ; and ¦ be
Indorsed ¦- with . the ¦-. name and ~ residence ' of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. ,
BOUTON— In this '-. city. February 14,* 1902, to
',. i the ;wif e , of E. t Bouton,\ a , daughter.
CALL AHAN— In ¦" this 7 city,"' JanuaVy 27, 1902,"
. . to the -wife . of < T.' J.', Callahan,' a. daughter. ¦ . •
CUNNINGHAM— In ;V this ,'" city. . February :' 0,
. -1902, to the wife of John J. 4 Cunnlngham,'a
dauzhter.'SgntVBbQfe00tBbriBP%iHnBB8
GIELOW— In ; this city, ;• February j 2, 1002, ! to
...the wife, of Charles 'H.'Gielow; a* son. ¦:
GINNO^— In Berkeley. February '. 13. 1902, to
' .•• the wife of : Dr.' J. - W.- ; Ginno. . a . daughter, i :
JACKSON— In this city, . February 15, 1902,'tb
,^the wife of "A^N. Jackson, j a son. .,.
KNUDSEN-r-^In ' this ( city," February" 2, . : 1902^ to
¦ ;the,wife of Captain C; A: Knudseii, a'son. . v
MOLKENHUHR— In "this * city,V< February * 14,
• . 1902,'- to • the " wife • of ; S." ' W. • Molkenhuhr, "a
..'. son.- , ,.-.•¦..:•
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR. SALE.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 MONTGOMERY BT.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
PAYS <J PER CENT NET.
Fine modern brick building; rent can be raised
when tenants' lease expires; near Market Bt. ;
lot 50x137:6; price $120,000; a fine Invest-
ment; Quick sale desired; the best and
cheapest buy in the market;
$35.000— $75,000.
Two fine business properties between . Market
and Mission ets.. east -of Sth st., yielding-
over 6 j>er cent.
EHRADER ST.
Fine modern fiats, 6 and tt rooms; rents $57 SO*
price {C250.
COLE BT.
Elegant modern flats, 6 rooms each; rents $70;
price $7750. . .
A SNAP.
tTwo cory flats on Vallejo St., near Hyde: 3
and 4 rooms; in good condition; street wot* 1
accepted; level block: only $2250.
CHEAP LOT. ' '
O;i Seventeenth st., near Diamond: bltumln-
ized: price $1500; no reasonable offer refused.
TWENTY-FIFTH AND LAKE 6T8.
T5-tl20; corner; marine view; price $1500; offer
wanted.
STOCKTON ST.
Brick ana frame building; lot 25x125; rented
for $57 50; price $0250; quick sale desired.
DEVISADERO ST.
Business property: 2 etores and flats above;
rents $112: lot 50x100: price $17,000.
WALLER-ST. HOME.
"Near Scott; 2-story and basement. 7 rooms and
bath; lot 30x110; price $5250.
VALLEJO-ST. LOT.
On Vallejo et., near Baker: marine view lot
09:10x137:6; a bargain; nrice only $3500.
VERY CHEAP.
Two lots on Twentieth st., between Church
and Sanchez; -sunny eide; 25x114 each; only
$800 each.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
House of 10 rooms on Green St., near Octavla;
lot SGxl37:6; rented for $35 monthly; price
$4500.
CAPP ST.
Between Eighteenth and Nineteenth: 8 rooms
and bath; lot 30x122:6; price $4000; offer
¦wanted.
TWENTIETH-ST. COTTAGE.
*New and up-to-date; 6 rooms; price $3250;
easy terms.
MISSION FLATS.
Two flats of 4 and S rooms on Twenty-first st. ;
lot 25x100: rents $2S: price $3300.
NEAR THE CHUTES.
Lot on Eighth ave.; 26:2x120; price $1000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
Presidio Heights; eend for list.
McAllister st.
Lot on McAllister et.. nr. Devlsadero: 27:6x
137:6; price $3250; fine for flats.
SCOTT ST.
Lot on Scott Et.. bet. McAllister and Fulton;
£5x106:3; price $2750.
RICHMOND LOTS.
fl»r.3 for our plats of Richmond lots: sold on
terms If desired. Lot on California St., nr.
Second ave., CJixlOO: -only $800.
SHIPLEY," ST.
Lot with old building on Shipley St.. near
Fifth; only ?145O.
MISSION COTTAGES.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
lots. v
McAFEE BROTHERS,
IPS Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
MADISON & BURKe7~~
(Established January. 1858.) ¦*•--¦*-
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery Et., opposite Lick
House.
$30,000 — Pays 9 per cent net; corner: busi-
ness locality: elegant new building in two
etores and 6 flats; large lot.
$25,000 — Sutter et.,' inside Polk; large lot
•with double frontage; executor's eale; must be
eold.
Corner, Thirteenth .and Klssllng sts., near
Folsom; 50x73; two buildings; ¦well rented;
$8000.
Centrally located, within 200 ft. of Market
Ft., on Hcrma. :.. bet. Valencia and Mission;
£5xS5; only $275u; street bttuminlzed.
$10.000 — O'Farrell st.. near Polk; large house;
lot. 22:11x120 to rear st.
Market-st. gore lot, intersection of Ridley St.,
99 feet on Market; cheap buy; only $16,000.
Sacramento st. — Two modern flats, near Fill-
more; lot 25x127; price $6800.
$9750 — Grove st., near Webster; 4 flats; rents
$72 per month; lot 33x82:0.
$0000 — Pine Bt.. near Stelner; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 34:4x137:6.
$5000 — San Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth St.,
flats and store; rents $52; lot 36x81.
$3400 — Jones St., near Jackson; 2 flats; rents
$30 per month; 35x62:6.
$^000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth St.,
near Eureka; modern, 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.
Lots on Twentieth ave.. between Clement Et.
«nd Point Lobos ave.: a choice line of lots,
$550 and $600; can sell on easy terms if de-
tired. MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery Et.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
27:6x137:6 — N. line Turk, near Taylor.
$16,000 — Vallejo st.. near Mason: 38:3%xl36:6
¦with L 39:2"r£x~6:6; 6 front and 11 rear fiats;
rents ?150.
$8250 — Mason, near Pine; 23xC2:6 to rear Bt.;
house of 9 rooms and 2 rear fiats; rents $64.
$750C — Cor. 20th and Dolores; 77:0x105; old
Improvements.
$8250 — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x95; 3 flats;
rents *67. •
$6750 — Green, nr. Dupont: 20x137:6; new 3-
Etory building and rear house; rents $66.
$5000— Union place, near Green St.; 20x58:9;
2 houses: rent $4L
$5000 — Leavenworth. near Union; 25x112:6;
3 new flats: rent $40.
$47*30 — Mason, near Sacramento; flats; -rents
$41 50. .
$4500 — Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30x65;
2 houses; rents $31.
$42^0 — Fell, near Devlsadero; 25x137:6; bouse
of 7 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
$17.000 — Sansome, nr. Green: 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster; 3 lots; each 25x
337 :6.
$9500 — Corner Buchanan and Pine; 5SxSl:3.
$8000— Green, near Polk; 60x115.
$5500 — Greenwich, near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
' $5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6x
102:8'4.
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement St.; 200x
120. t >
J4000 — Corner Jones and Filbert sts.: 25x70.
$3500 — Fulton et., near Fillmore; 32:0x137:6.
Point Lobes, near 22d ave.; 53: 4x100.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 48:6x100.
$:?<X)0 — Clay, near Lyon: 27:6x100; key lot.
52150 — Union St., near Webster; 34:4*r4x
137 :«.
$2000— Elizabeth, near Diamond; £1:8x114.
$1250 each — Polk Et., near Chestnut; 3 lots,
27:6x87:6. f
$1000— Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105.
$85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
Rents Collected. 219 Montgomery st.
$66,000— Kearny st.; 4-story brick buflding;
etores, offices and rooms; a solid In-
vestment.
$3S,000 — Turk, near Market: handsome new
building; pays 10 per cent; a strictly
first-class property.
115,000— Turk, near Market: retail district; 23
xl37:6; Improved; choice location for
etores and offices.
$13,500 — Van Ness, near Pacific; only $300 per
foot; fine 45 foot Improved property;
can be chanced to pay big money.
111,000 — $3000 cash only; good business prop-
erty; near Kearny st.; a rare bargain;
$8000 mortgage can remain.
$5500— Easily worth J7500; bargain; on 7th
Bt., near Howard; 35 foot lot and flats;
the cheapest bargain for sale to-day.
#15,000— Pacific Helghtc; marine view; beauti-
ful home; 12 main rooms, store rooms,
baths, etc.; furnace, range and all ap-
, pointments; large garden and grounds.
18000— Near Washington and Broderick; 9-
room new residence, built by- day's
•work; bath, furnace, etc; 30 foot
•sunny lot.
$6500 — Fillmore Et. flats, near ' Clay; 6, 7
rooms, baths; cheap.
$8250— Rents $825; store, flats and cottages;
Folsom, near Oth; 2 frontages; a posi-
tive bargain.
IS750 — Nice punny flats; Mission warm belt;
near Guerrero and 18th; 5, 6 rooms,
baths: rents $540.
$8500 — Brand-new elegant flats, near Panhan-
dle; 6. 7 rooms, baths; the very best
construction and finish; rented for $70*
nothing better o3ered In the city.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Realty and Insurance,
304 Montgomery st.
$31,000 — Rents $2250 yearly; near Mason and
Sutter; always rented; large double lot; bar-
sain.
$20.500 — Geary St.: key lot and Improvements;
25x137:6; central location.
$4000— Clay, near Mason; rents %i2-, lot has 2
frontages; good invwtment.
$1300— Buy this; Lyon et.: lot 25x100; street
work done; 20 minutes from Kearny st.
$1400 — Point Lobos ave.; 60x100: gas, water
«JJ gewer: nice location; big future. -. ¦-.--
FOR cale — Nice, cozy cottage 'of 4 roomi and
barn: lot 25x100; one block from Folsom-st.
cans; S10 Rutledge ave., near Alabama tt.,
bet. Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth;
price $900; on easy payments. . .
$7500 — FELL et.: bouse and 2 fiats. THH
MCCARTHY CO.. 648 Market «t. •.-'.---
13500— LOT near Broadway; . Pacific Height 1.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market tU ¦ •
80x137:6 FOR $2700; Pacific Heights. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st. .
$300 — LOT 25x112:6; one block from cars- ready
to build on. THE MCCARTHY CO. «J4«
Market et.' ' -
FOR Eale— 28x84; double house; 16 rooms and
bath, at 976 Pine Et., near Taylor.
•SttOO — BARGAIN: handsome fiats; choice loea-
"~ -"clon; Mission warm belt. Owner, ¦ 3972, Call.
MULLER-In this " city. '. February , 8, 1802, to
.- the wife of Edward P. Muller, a eon.
PENDLETON— In ' Berkeley/ Cal. . February S.
v- 1002, to the wife of Edward P. Pendleton.
" a dau-hter. ; : , -' _
REUTSCHLER— In . this . city. " February 13.
1902. to the wife of W. C. Reutschler, a son.
WARNECKE— In this city, February 10. 1902,
to the wife of. August H. . Warnecke. a
daushter. ¦
WHEELER— In this city. February 5, 1002, to
. the wife . of William H. - Wheeler. . a daugh-
¦ : ter.--' ¦.-.-. ¦¦ ¦
MABRIED.
BRIDGES— SMITH— In this city, February 15,
.1902, by the Rev. Dr, John A. .B. -Wilson.
Harry M. Bridges of Oakland and Lillian
M. - Smith of San Francisso.
CONDON-^ESUARDr^In ¦ this city. February
11. 1902, at St. Charles Church, by the Rev.
Father Moran. William Francis Condon and
¦Gertrude Josephine Esiiard, both of San
Francisco.
LIPP— CHRISTENSEN— In this city, Febru-
ary 12. 1002. by the Rev. O. Groensberg.
William H. Lipp and Marie Cbristensen..
STAMMER — BARTHOLD — In tnls city. Feb-
ruary 12. 1902, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Max A. Stammer and Emma F. D. Barthold.
DIED.
Bowman. Alice * Heaney, Minnie J. ".
Bradasich. Dominico Holmes. Mary E.
Burns, Julia Jenkins,. Will A.
Cannon. Evelyn Jones, Winfield S.
Carlson, Edward Kramer. Bertha
Carroll. Patrick McGee. Peter J.
I Chase, Henry A. Maguire, Patrick
Clancy, Patrick Michalek. Aileen.M.
Cooney, John P. ¦ Murphy, John J.
Crick. Susan E. Osborn, Frank F.
Curts, Henry Potter, Jesse L.
Dethlefsen, Edward Roeschmann. Charles
Duryea, Henry Ryan, Daniel
Dutchler, George Scala, Mrs. C.
Eddlebuttel. R. Schlott. Oswald H.
Foster. Mary E. • Shorman. Henry
Folsom, George T. • Speck, Andrew M.
Ghirardelll. Louis Stewart* Mrs. A.
. Gibbons, William . ¦ -¦ Taylor, John
• Giustl, Adele Turner, Capt. John
.Grant, James E. White. Mrs. Isabella
Hansen, Carrie Wilbert. Margaret
BOWMAN — In this city, February 15. 1902,
Alice Bowman, beloved ; daughter ot Mar-
garet Bowman and the late Samuel Bow-
¦ man, and sister of James Bowman, Mrs.
W. J. Sullivan. Mrs. William G. Rusk and
the late Jennie and Charlotte Bowman, a
native of San Francisco, aged 30 years and
• 4 months. "
BRADASICH— In this city, February 15.-1902.
Dominico Bradasich, beloved brother of
Marko Bradasich and Mrs. George Svetinlch. 1
a native of Brazza, Dalmatia, Austria, aged
, 39 years. A member of Slavonic Illyric Mu-
tual Benevolent Society.
IE?" Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
. Notice of fura-al in to-morrow's papers. .
BURNS— In this 1 city, February 14. 1902. Julia,
beloved sister of Hugh, Owen, Joseph and
John Burns and the late Mrs. Mary Schmltt.
- a native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged
27 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
• dence- of her brother, Joseph Burns, 3030
Twenty-second street, thence to St. Peter's
. Church for services at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CANNON— In this city. February 15, 1902,
Evelyn Cannon, a native of Indiana, aged 78
years 8 months and 22 days.
CARLSON — In this city, February 3-3, 1902,
Edward,' beloved husband of Harrlette Cari-
. son, and father of Dr. C. Hadley Carlson
and Ferd W. Carlson and Mrs. R. V. Risley,
a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged 0U
years.
$y Friends are Invited to attend the.fu-^
neral services to-day, (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
at 320 Post street, under the auspices of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R. In-
terment strictly private.
CARROLL— In this city, February 15. 1902,
Patrick,- beloved husband of Julia Carroll,
and father of Mrs. Mary Abrlen. Mrs. W. J.
-Murray, Mrs. /A. ,H. Schafer. Kate Carroll
M and the late John Carroll, a native of County
Mayo, Ireland, aged 68 years.
CHASE — In this city, February 13, 1902, Henry
A. Chase, beloved father of Fred H. Chase,
- and beloved' brother of Louise M. Chase of
' Baltimore, Md., a native of Baltimore. Md.,
aged 67 years 2 : months and IS days. Past
great sachem and member of Manzanita
Tribe No. 4, I. O. R. M. ; past noble grand
and member of Laurel Grove No. 17, U. A.
O. "D. ; a member of Exempt Fire Company;
a member of Hartnagle Chapter. U. A. O.
D. ; a member of San Francisco Typographi-
• cal Union No. 21; a member of American
Eagle Lodge No. 2204, K. of H.; a member
of San Francisco Castle No. 2, K. G. E.
(ET'Friends and . acquaintances and mem-
bers of the above-named lodges and members
of sister lodges are respectfully Invited tc at-
. tend the funeral : to-day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post
street, where funeral sorvices will be held
¦under the auspices of the Great Council of
• California, Improved Order of Red Men. Re-
main!* at the funeral parlors of the Gantner
' & . Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209 Mis-
. sion street, between Eighth and Ninth, un-
1 til Sunday at 9 o'clock. ¦ Interment at Balti-
more. Md. ' • ' i" -*¦;,
MEMBERS of the Grand Grove, U. A. O. D.,
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
of ; the - late noble grand arch, ' Henry A.
Chare, to-day (Sunday), at Red Men's Hall.
320 Pest street, at 2 o'clock. By order of
KOBLE GRAND ARCH, U. A. O. D.
CLANCY— In ,' this . city. February 13, 1902.
Patrick, beloved ¦ husband of Hanna Clancy,
and father of Mrs.- J. H. O'Brien and Denis.
Margaret and . Nellie Clancy, a native of
County Cork,. Ireland, aged 54 "years' 7 :
s months and,13 days. A member of Harmony
Lodge No. 9,"YA- O. U. W., and Court Bonita
No. 43> F. O>. A.t ...
_ ETFriend*' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock. - from his late resi-
dence, 2842 Folsom. street, thence to .St.
Peter's Church for services at' 12:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery. A requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his : soul at St. Peter's Church Monday,
- February 17, at 9 o'clock.
COURT BONITA No. 43, F. of A.— Dear Sirs
and Brothers : You are hereby notified to
assemble at your hall. Twenty-fourth and
Folsom' streets, to-day (Sunday), at 11:30
- o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral of our!
late brother. Patrick Clancy. A fine of $1
for non-attendance will be strictly, enforced.
¦ By ' order of ¦
CHARLES A. WILSON, C. K.
D. O'CALLAGHAN. Fin. Sec. . >
HARMdNY. Lodge No. 9, A: O. U. "W.— Offi-
cers and brethren will assemble at 2S1-
Folsom street to-day (Sunday), at 12 .o'clock.
- to attend the funeral of our deceased brother,
Patrick Clancy. - - _-,n ma impair, jn 1
. ' ¦ T. J. FOLEY JR.. M. W. <
D. McSWEENEY. Recorder.
COONEY— In this city, February 12. 1902.
John P.. beloved husband of Louise Cooneyr
and father of Gladys and Frank Cooney, and
beloved son of Mrs. M. Cooney and the late
Dan.'el Cooney. and • brother of Daniel. An-
drew, Frank and William' Cooney and Mrs."
L. Juzlx and Mrs. M. J. Cloney, a native
of San Francisco, aged 35 years 0 months
and 5 days. ' (Massachusetts papers pleasa
J copy.) :
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother-in-law, Mr. Almeron Gress,
. 22S& Eighth street, thence to the French
¦ Church of Notre Dame des Vlctoires, where
v services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
' Cemetery.;
CRICK— In this city, February 13, 1902, Susan
V Elizabeth, beloved wife of William E. Crick,
a native of England, aged 69 years 4 months
"and 28 days.
CURTS-^In Columbia, Tuolumne County, Feb-
ruary. 14. 1902. Henry Curts, beloved hos-
- band of Jane M. Curts, and father of Mrs.
Harvey Smith and John T.'. Frank N. and
. Harry . E. Curts, - a ; native of Canada, aged
Ctt years 1 month and 8 days. . A member of
Memorial Lodge No. 174, A. O. U. W.
ty Interment . at Columbia. - Tuolumne
County, Monday, February IT.
DETHLEFSEN— In this city. February 13.
1902, Edward F. Dethlefsen, beloved Infant
eon of Fred and Katie Dethlefsen, and
brother of Thomas A. and Francis H. Deth-
lefsqp. a native of San Francisco. ' aged 3
months and 20 days. .
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
f ull y» invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
Feb-(*jary 16, 1902, .at 2 .o'clock, from the
residence of. the parents, 1410 Devisadero
- rtreet. Interment Laural Hill : Cemetery.
"DTJRYEA— In thU city. . February* 14. 1902,
• Henry, eldest and dearly beloved son of Wal-
ter and Julia Duryea, and devoted brother
. of ; Mrs. Ralph Evans and Isabelle, Ora,
Earl, Julia, Gladys, Goldle. Margaret and
. Marjorle Duryea, ¦ a native of Sacramento,
' aged 17 years 5 months and 26 days. (Mer-
ced, and 'Auburn, papers please copy.)
[C^Servlces will be held to-day (Sun-
'¦ day). ¦• at x 1 :30 o'clock, at the - family resi-
, dence. ; 112 Alabama street, between Six-"
* teenth • and Seventeenth. Interment private •
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
.'.car from Fourteenth and Folsom streets."
p DUTCHLER— In Oakland. February 14, ' 1902
.'".• George, dearly beloved husband of Barbarv
Dutchler, and father of George and Bernard
Dutchler, a native of Switzerland; Germany
aged 66 years. - ' , -~ '
'¦ • tnyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clkck, at his late
residence, 935. Sixty-second street. Adeline sta-
- tion. Berkeley. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. I9B£ -
EDDLEBUTTEL— In Oxnard, Cal., February
14, 1002, Raymond, dearly ; beloved son of
Henry : and Maud Eddlebuttel. a native of
Vallejo, aged 1 year 5 months and 18 days
FOSTER— In this city. February 14. 1902 Marv
; E.. beloved wife of William FosterTmoihSr
of ; P." J. Gray.' Mrs. James E. Power Mm
.• J. • Brooks : and William 1 and - Mary Fontpr
and sister of , P. V.. Georse. Edward -wii
Ham." Thomas and Josesh ; Barrett and Mrs
A.-? Kelley, a ; native - of Pennsylvania aa-ed
. 61 years 1 month and 22 days. - ' agea
ICFriends and acquaintances are'resrv.^*
fully Invited to attend the funeral to^ay
• : (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from • the residence
/of; her son,; P. J. Gray,. 3753 Seventeenth
street. . thence to .) St. Jamea •. Church for « r .
-.vices at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
~_ Cemetery.
.FOLSOM— la .this city, February Ui(tn->-
; George Thorndike Folsom. : a native of New
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
:, Offices. 4G0 and 462 8th st., Oakland.
$60, 000 — One of the • choicest business blocks
In Oakland; modern; well rented; corner lot; in
growing business section.' • ¦ ¦
$30,000— Choice • business block; renting for
$150 month; has 100 feet frontage; extra well
located; has extra fine future. .
$35,000 — Extraordinary sacrifice of a magnifi-
cent mansion,' with -\i > acres;' premises have
cost '. over ?100,000; present mortgage $20,000;
everything in . magnificent , order; absolutely
must be sold; nothing like It ever offered before.
$30,000— Extra fine income business property;
100 feet frontage ; land Bold ; on - this street ' for
$400. foot; present income $1800 per annum; fair
interest . (will produce • more) for property . with
euch fine future. - .- . • '
$20,000^-Worth $25.000;. absolutely no choicer
business corner in any city around the bay that
has such "an assured future; producing savings
bank rate of Interest ' and will ; be ¦ worth some
day $50,000 to $100,000; safer than any savings
bank ; splendid , reason ; for not " giving location ;
sale this week opposite makes this worth $30,-
000; Investigate. " >
§22,000— Palatial home, grandly situated,
possessing advantages of ; near remoteness ~> and
accessible seclusion; only one year constructed.
?20.000 — Completely- furnished; magnificent,
stately mansion; constructed and. furnished less
than 2: years;, absolutely everything goes on
account of departure. . * • • ,v : -¦'¦¦
$12,500— Cost $25,000; fine suburban home; 10
rooms; modern and complete, between Oakland
and Berkeley; 5 acres choice fruit and shrubs;
land alone worth more and has fine future. ...
$10,000— Linda Vista; corner 12-room res-
dence; one of the choicest in this magnificent
locality. ' - . .' -
$5500— Vernon Heights; choicest locality; 8
rooms; French plate glass front; extra interior
finish; stable. >
A sacrifice on two new 8-room choice modern
homes ; central location ; each '. has flat loan of
$3000 and $3500; no reasonable offer refused for
equity, if : sold at once; see us; will arrange
terms. ' . - . . •
$7000 T -Lovely Linda Vista terrace home;. 8
rooms ; elegant interior ; stable ; 60x125 ; situa-
tion unexcelled ; specially constructed by pres-
ent owner for a home; if you want something
choice see this.
$5500 — Adeline station; extra bargain; 'a sac-
rifice . for ' _ quick sale; . fine 2-story home, . 12
rooms; furnace; big lot; sunny location.
$4000— Mortgaged $3100; must sell ;- Sth st.
and Adeline station; 2-story 0-room; 50 ft. lot;
porcelain bath; rents $30.
$41£0 — McClure or Blackstone Heights; al-
most center of . the city ; 'up-to-date ; 8 rooms ;
fine order; elevated; view equals Piedmont.
$3500-7-Telegraph ave. and 27th St.; 2-story
Colonial; 9 rooms; porcelain bath; two mantels;
reception hall; barn; 40x150; always rented; $25
month; splendid neighborhood. • \
$3500-^3 acres; Estudillo station, near San
Leandro;' 5-room cottage; barn; all in fruit.'.
$2850— Fronts Adeline st., close In; 2-story, 8
rooms; bath; lot 35x125; cheap. " " ,
$3150 — Mortgage $2500; if 'sold by February
8th; neat, large 5-room cottage; elegant lot, 48
xll5; near loth and Itlbert sts.
$4500 — Elegant new ' Colonial home, 0 : rooms,
porcelain -bath; open nickel plumbing, . electric
lights; $150 ' combination fixtures;'- open- fire-
place; fine barn; lot 50x120; rents $35; fine
homes adjoining; near Grove st.
$2500 — Modern home, 7 'rooms; extra finish
curled redwood; nice mantel; lot 33x120; Grove
and 35th sts. ; easy term3. . ;
1 $250 cash — Near 27th and Telegraph; new up-
to-date 0-room; 40-foot" lot; price Only $2850.
$1850 — Flat mortgage $1400; - neat cottage;
bay-window; 5 rooms; near Clinton station;
cheap. • . - ¦ • ¦ •
- $4250— Rents $440 per annum; business cor-
ner; Improved; 2 blocks 'Broadway; this is a
bargain; closing estate. - ¦ • '
$1500 — $300 cash, balance monthly; 38th Bt.,
near Telegraph ave.; new modern 1%-story cot-
tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 37x100; street work
complete; mantel. .
$1400— Alice.st. ; neat cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; patent toilet; near 7th st. ; porcelain sink;
8-foot basement; lot 25x75. . - ¦ ' ' . .
$1350 — $250 cash, balance $15 month; • 26th,
near Grove; 3 cottages; 5 rooms and bath each;
first come, first choice.,
$1250 — Magnolia st., near 34th; modern iy 2 -
story house of 6 rooms; near cars, station and
proposed new ferry. ¦
$1000 — Modern cottage, 4 rooms, basement^
brick foundation; large lot; near cars, station
and proposed new_ ferry; newly painted and
papered. • •
$1250 — Snap; completely -furnished and 1%-
story 5-room and bath cottage; terraced lot, 25x
140; good order; mortgage $700.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Offices, 400 and 4C2 Sth st., Oakland.
300 ACRES, three ' miles from Oakland, $75
. an acre; two- thirds of purchase price can bo
- borrowed on' the land at 6'per cent; interest.
GILBERT WTMAN, attorney at law, I office
: and residence. Twenty-seventh ave. and. East
¦ Sixteenth, Fruitvale, Cal. ; phone : Brook 123.
$1200 — 6-ROOM house; improved street; cement
walks; Inside city limits; only 2 blocks from
local station ; $100 cash/ remainder of pur-
chase-price same as rent, $15 > per month.
WYMAN LAND CO.. 1137 E Fourteenth St.,
near Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
S. P. MEADS, /Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st . ¦ .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND^ ROOMS. : ' .
TO responsible couple or a single gentleman,
large sunny parlor, furnished as a bedroom,
2 bay-windows and grates; also single sunny
rooms. Apply 541 . Nineteenth St., Oakland.
ROOM, and board i, for two. 13C2 Nineteenth
ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND F^URXnynE^FOR^SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
BCHELLHAAS. 403 Eleventh gt.. Oakland. .
llOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and solar flats, , 525 and 531 Turk st. ;
nrst-class; new bldg.; housekeeping suites.
BELL, The, 1773 Market — Parlor suite, kitchen,
gas range, $20; 2 side rooms, gas range, $12.
EDDY, 021 — Handsome unfurnished .' parlors;
also furnished attic for studio ; light hskpg. .
ELIZABETH, 12 — 5 furnished housekeeping
'rooms; references ; required.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping in suites
2 or 3. $12 to $20; also single. $5.
FIFTEENTH, 1792, near Guerrero— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; .tel.
HOWARD, • 1003-^2 sunny ; connecting com-
pletely furn. hskpg. rms. ; range; run. water.
HOWARD.- 125S. nr. 9th— Sunny rooms, double
, or single; adults; $0 up; newly. furnished. .
JONES, 614 — Front parlor; ' use kitchen ; reas-
•" ' "'onable; single sunny room, : $5. • ;¦¦
LARKIN, 710 — 2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. 1 ~ .'¦ ;.
LARKIN, 001, corner Geary— Two sunny front
rooms and kitchen. :-"'." ' .'- ¦ ¦¦ . .
MISSION, 1210 — Sunny furnished housekeeping'
rooms; no children. , ~V . '.'." %--•*.
OAK, , 119 — One sunny basement ;.; room; fur-
. • nlshed, for housekeeping; stove;' storage; $0.
OCTAVIA, 1211 — Sunny > furnished bay-window
I room; double and; single; -kitchen if desired.''
OCTAVIA, 1403," cor. .. Geary— Bay- window ; «uu
.all day; gas stove; housekeeping complete. - •
O'FARRELL, 1315— Two beautiful parlors and
kitchen; must be seen to be appreciated. ,-;;•¦;.
RAUSCH, 85, bet. : Seventh and Eighth, 'near
Folsom— Housekeeping rooms. ¦ . "¦ .
SUTTER, 823B — Elegantly furnished., sunny
suites ; coal ;or-gaa;, phone; single ' rooms.
TWELFTH,*' 12, • near Market— 1 or 2 bedrooms
i..j with kitchen, furnished; for housekeeping. ,
TWELFTH, 23— 2 sunny housekeeping. rooms;
.-¦... no children: . : ,&KI&£ak8BSnBBiBtt3B&8S*$f5££
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728. near : Dolores— Three
sunny bay-window " rooms; nice,:, neat and
/¦'complete.^ v- -•¦ ..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, - subscriptions has ; been ' established at : loots
. : Valencia st. '. . ¦ • , . '. .:
ROOMS TO : LET— Furn. and Unf aru.
ARGYLE Hotel," 234 McAlllster-^New;V elegant,
cunny; grill attached; :75c day, upward; rates
. by week or month; McAllister cars to door. ,
A— BRUNSWICK House, > 148 • Sixth — Rooms.
' 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to S5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .;;
ALDINE, . 404 ; Turk— Small .' room* for gentle-
man ; running water . and closet ; $1 25 week.
BURNETT. . 1426 Market (old No. i 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., 1 suites, 1 single;. also unfurnished.
BUSH. . 729— Furnished room for gent; gas and
M ; ¦ bath. >= «.; .'*¦;; •. y-.f.'-.-yy^.y ¦- 1\ ,; -,¦•.,,¦; ;¦ : " :;:-¦¦
CHELSEA,- 6, off Bush, near Powells-One large
sunny room, suitable for 2, furnished or un-
; -, furnished ; -«Jjp ; single ' room. .V '. : ' «¦'
¦ CLIFFORD, -i 204 ; Ellis, I cor. 4 Mason — Elegantly
"' furnished -. tunny; rooms ; - prices ". reasonable.' ,.- .
, EDINBURGH,; 329 ; Powell,'? cor. - Geary-rLoca-',
; i tlon most central;' large well-furnished i suites
¦ .and single front rooms as offices; modern lm-
¦; provements ; ¦: electric . light, etc. > • -...-. ¦ ' I
ELLIS * 321 (Mozart)T-Nicely furnished rooms, 1 .
: 35c, $1 60 night; $1 50. $6 wk; open all night.
York City, aged 69 years 4 months and 24
"days.
|C?"Funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at his late residence. 1001 Pine
street. Interment' private. '. ..
GHIRARDELLI — In Oakland. . February 1*.
1902, Louis . Ghirardrtli. belOved husband of
Johanna Lesrlar Ghlrardelll. and brother of
Domingo, Joseph and Eugene GhirardelU. and
Mrs. Charles Sutton and Mrs. Chris Jorgen-
sen, a native of San Francisco, aged 44 years
2 months and 13 days. 8gBMte8f5tflW»
"CTTFriends " and acquaintances are. respect-
fully ' Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. February 16. 1902. at 1 o'clock, ax
' his late residence. 1147 Ponlar street, Oak-
land. Interment private. , ¦
GIBBONS— In this city. February 12. 1902.
William Gibbons, beloved husband of JJlllan
Gibbons, . a native of New York, . aged 57
years. - ,:. ' •.
GIUSTI — In- tbi* city. February 13, " 1902.
Adele, dearly beloved wife of Alforso Giusti,
and levins .mother of Mrs. Ida Cervelli, Mrs.
Lizzie SolAry and Alfonso Giusti Jr., a na-
tive of Florence, Italy,, aged 69 years 7
months and 23 days.
(E^Friendsand acquaintances are 'respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . Sunday.
February 16. 1902, at 10:30 o'clock,. from the
undertaking parlors of Valente, Marlnl <fe
Co., 1524 Stockton street. Interment . New
Italian Cemetery.
GRANT— In this city. February 15. 1902.
James E. Grant, beloved brother. of Mrs, A.
Heibach. and uncle of Mrs. H. A. Clark an*»
the late Mrs. Frank Eaton, a native of La
Sal'.e. 111., aged 54 years 10 months and 2S
days. (San Jose papers please copy.) , .
E7"The funeral will take place Monday, at
11 o'clock." from the parlors of Porter St
White. 122 Eddy street. Interment private.
HANSEN— In this city. February 13*. 1902,
Carrie Hansen. beloved sister of Jens Han-
sen ar.d the late Christine Hansen. a native
of Denmark, aged 32 years 1 month and 3
days. - - .
(tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully incited to attend the funeral to-day
/ (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors o<
H. P. Peteraen. 228 McAllister atreet. Iw "
tennent Laurel Hill Cemetery. 7':.
HEANEY— In this city, at her residence. 344
Twenty-second avenue, near Point Lobes.
February 11, 1002, JJinnie J.. beloved wife of
. Frank G. Heaney. ' daughter of Mrs. Mary
Dowan. and sister of Sister M. Xaverla.
Mrs. J. W. Heaney. Mrs. Charles Harkins.
Mrs. Charles V. Lynch and Alice M.. Thomas
and Robert E. .Dowan. a native of Australia,
aged 35 years ¦ and 27 days.
*C7*Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 344 Twenty-second avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street,
thence to Star of the Sea Church, Eighth and
Point Lobos avenues, where a solemn, re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 0 :30
-¦, o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLMES — In this city. February 14, 1902.
Mary Elizabeth, daughter of Mary J.. and
cister of John R. and J. N. Holmes, a na-
tive of California, aged 41 years 3 month*
and 1 day. (Los Angeles, Cat., papers pleas*
copy.) ...
' *C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited to attend the funeral Sun-
day, at 2 o'clock, from her late residence.
318 Ritch street. Interment private.
JENKINS— In this city. February 13, 1902.
Will A., beloved husband of Emma J. Jen-
kins, and father of D. C. Will D. Jr., Zula.
Doris G, and Buda Jenkins, a native of
Illinois, aged 51 years 9 months and 25 days.
JONES— In this city. February 14, 1902, Wln-
fleld S. Jones, a native of Washington, D. C.
(Washington. . D. C, and New York papers
please copy.)
CT'Funeral services will be held In Grac*
Episcopal Church, corner California- and,
Stockton streets, on Sunday, February 16, at
2:30 o'clock. Interment private.
KRAMER— In this city. February 12, 1902,
. Bertha, beloved wife of Louis, and mother ot
¦ Maurice S. Kramer, sister of Nathan. Meyer
and Simon Schetrer. and aunt of Mrs. L San-
ders,. Mrs. I. L. Salomon. Charles L. Scheuer
and Morris Scheuer, a native of Ostheim.
Germany, aged 52 years 4 months and 13
days. (Virginia City, Nev., papers please
copy.)
tC?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
. at 10 o'clock, from her late residence. 1806
Ellis street. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 11:30 ©.'clock train from, Third
and Townsend streets. , . .
McGEE — In this city, February 15. 1902, Peter
Jcgeph. beloved son of Peter and the. late
Mary McGee. and brother of Mrs.. Richard
Rivers, Mrs. B. Hansen and Mrs. .Harry
- Drachbar, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 7 months and 8 days.
fCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 153 Randall street, near Chenery.
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
aAGUntE — In this city. February 15. 1902,
Patrick Macniire, beloved brother of Mrs.
Irvln and. Mary and John Maguire, a native
of County Cavan, Ireland. • . ...
(T7Frlends and acquaintances are respect -
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of James McMenomey & Son. thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services, commencing at
1 o'clock. ' Interment Holy Cross CemetferyV"
MICHALEK — In this city, February 15, 1902.
at the residence of her parents, 8 Gennania
avenue, Alleen M., beloved daughter..' of
Michael and Margaret MIchalek. and sister
of Annie and Helen MIchalek. a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 months and. 20 days.
MURPHY— In this city. February 14. 1902.
John J.. beloved father of Morris J. Murphy
and Mrs. A. A. Whitfleld. a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 62 years 7 months and
22 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 632 Natoma street. • Services at
St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street, at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage. Requiem high mass will be cele-
brated Monday, at 9 o'clock, for the repose
of his soul.
OSBORN — Frank Folger. - beloved husband • of
Mary A. Osborn, father of Alice. Hazel anil
Avis Osborn. and brother of Mrs. C. A.
Wilsey. Homer E. Osborn, Mrs. E. W. Tog-
gard. Mrs. W. W. Haskell and Russell W.
Osborn, ag-id 52 years.
POTTER— In this city. February 13, 1902.
Jesse Lee. beloved son of Walter H. • and the
late Rosie Potter, a native of Saa Francisco,
aped 2 years and 14 days.
ROESCHMANN — In Phoenix. Ariz.. February
15, 1902. Charles, dearly beloved . father of
Ida and Isabelle ¦ Roeschmann, a native - of
Germany, aged 30. years 1 months and 28
days.
(E?"NotIce of funeral hereafter.
RYAN — In San Diego. February 13. 1902. Dan-
iel, beloved husband of the late Mary Ryan
a native of Ireland. v _,-.» v . . . *
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.^ Remains
at the parlora of Carew & English. 29 Van
Ness avenue.
SCALA — In San Jose. February 15. -1902 Mrs.
• Constance Scala. daughter of Antonlno In-
cagnone. mother of Mrs., J. N. Rossich and
Paul Scala, and grandmother of Euthanasia
Rossich. a native of Italy," aged 62 'years
5 months and 16 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 442 South Eighth street, thence to
Trinity Church, corner Second and St. John
streets, where religious services will be held
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Oai*
HilJ Cemetery.
SCHLOTT— In this city. February 12 19fl2
\ Oswald H. J. Schlott. a native of Flensburg*
' Schleswlg-Holstetn. Gertnany, aged 30«a«
. JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect".
fully invited to attend the funeral to-da»
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the partor*
. of Hatoted & Co.. 946 Mission street fote"
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Succ-ssor to Flannagan * Gallajraer » '
P. DONOVAN. Mj?.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER*
20 Fifth st.. opposite Llncola School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
«AN BRTTNO HILLS. •
OFFICE 016 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON.. Manaxtf.
j XWITED UNDERTAkERS^
•\ 37 unit 29 Firth St. Tel. South i»r 1
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa.!
I finest Equipment at Moderate Katea. 1
NEW FIRM OF UMDBKTAKBRS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years man»j«r for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor tc Co., have opened new Funeral Par*
lors at 1171 Mission street, between. Savtnti
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. - .
REMOVED!
McGinn bros.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 228. McAllister «t. (Tor-
merlr qf_31_grtdv_»t^_Tgl^_ South 2S2->
REMOVAL NOTICE.
On and after Feb. 22. 1902. we will occudj
OUR OWN BUILDING ¦ at 1909 Mission «t .
bet. 15th and 16th. . TELEPHONE MISSION
100. CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN & CO.. Funeral
Directors and Embalmers. -_<
CREMATION $10,
THE UNDERTAKERS "AND GENERAL
public are hereby notified -that the price to»
cremation at CYPRESS ," LAWN CEMETER1
is now JIO. --;¦* .-. ¦
Cypress lawn Cemetery Ass'ii,
__ JBQl' MARKET BTV
OAKLAND-ADVERTISEMENTS;
OAKLA ND ¦>] REAL ESTATE.33O5. 'FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: selling: three-year-olds; to flrst. : $325.
• ¦ : ¦ • . - \ --•¦¦ ¦ T~ : : . ¦• • : ~ .• ;¦"¦ '.¦¦¦¦¦ - ~~" .1 Betting.
Index Horse and ¦ Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. .Owner and Jockey. . • Op. ..-.. Cl. : ¦
S2S4 Phyllis ..........107 3 2n 12 13 14 Stemler & Co. ...Ransch 16-5
8206 Bassenzo ........100 2 35. 3 2' 3 2 2n C. J. Foy...'....J. Daly " 7 ; 10
3303 Constable 109 5 6h 56 2h 3 2 Ezell & Lazarus.'. Blrkrth ... 9-5 8-5
8276 Baldo ............109 6' 6 ' 6 4 1 ¦ 4 10 ¦ B. • Schreiber. ...Jackson ¦¦ 10'' <15J
2700 Estado ..112 4 4141. 6 05 6 . G. W. Baldwin: :J. Woods -15;. IS
3U58 Sliva Cm* ..112 1 12 21 ' 6 6 Baldwin & Co.... ..Hoar ; 12 15
3282 St. Chester 107 Left ....'... ... H. L. Haskell ...... Bell 100 200 j
Time— VI, :2i%; %,:50; %. 1:17>4- Good start. Won easily; "Second and third driving.
Winner, A. J. Stemler & Co.'s ch. f. by Goldflnch-Philistla. Easy, for- the winner. •;Bas
senzo, well played for the place, ran his race. Constable mieerat)Iy ridden. 'Kstado ¦ will -.
-^^""fl l lmgj . 1 !**. P^-^L*'- : - ' ' ¦ ;'_-_'__' „.:'„;'•_ .'_
a3O6. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; to first. $325." ¦¦¦¦¦:,.
~1 '. ~ ~~ T ~" ! ~ ¦ r ~T T -•'• ¦ * " ' • J Betting.
Index Horsa and Weijht. St. . %. %. j fctr. Fin. Owner and ¦ Jockey. ; Op.. .'^Cl. ,,
(3283) Adirondack 108 1 ... 11 In ' 1 ns -; Burns & Watrhs.;Bullmn 6-5 8-5
3283 Nigrette 101 2 ... ( >A 3 2',i 2 2'i Jennings & Co... J. Daly 6-2 18-5 '
3288 High Chancellor.. Ill 3 ... 2# 2% 3 6 Chinn & Forsythe..Conly 6 :'\ . 7
3257 Len Reno 108 4 ... 3 b 4 4-415. Dickey & Linder..Kellx , 10- 30
3210 Gold Van Ill ft . ... 5 5 6 ¦ G. B. Morris. :Q'Connor 18-5-8-5
Time— H. :25; Vx. :60. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,' Burns. &Waterhouse's.
b. g. by Altamax- Duckling. Winner as game as they make them. ¦ Daly [% on , Nigrette ¦
squeezed through on rail. Gold Van, away none too well, had to' go the overland. ¦¦¦¦-. ¦ i •. - • - . '
3307. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
• ... I ... : • . • ¦ •• • " ¦ : : Betting. •
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. '%. fltr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. .:, Cl. .
3218 Floronso. a.....w.l07 V 2 h 3 2. 2 2 1 h P. McGulrei .Birkenruth 8-5 6-5
(3285) Wolhurst, a 108 3 3 114 2 1 1 2 1% J. McMichael.. .Bullman 5 16-5
(3295) Sea Hon. a.. 108 2 11 1^34 36 Caesar -Jouag.-;: Jackson 4 7
(3291) Shell Mount, 3.... B5 4 4 1 . 4 4 4 6 4 10 D. Cameron. . .Winslette 2 : 4
3256 Captivate, 4. 98 6 '6 ' 6' 5^51 P. Hildreth. .... .Redfern ,8 15
3243 Legal Maxim. 3.. 90 6 5 h 5 3/ 6 6 Jones & Co..... J.Daly ' 8 ', 30-
Time— U. :26; %. :51^S: %, 1:17%: mile, 1:45. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner. P. McGulre's b. g. by Fonso- Florence E. Floronso should have won ; by • lengths, but •'
Birkenruth nearly tossed race away. , Wolhurst well handled. Sea . Lion . stopped . some. •
y^nslette_ could jiot_ help Sheir Mount a particle._ _ -.¦-,-,-.-,..- _,' L, "' ' '., •-'
3303. FOURTH RACE— 1U miles; Burns handicap; three-year-olds and up; to first. $7000.
I ! ¦--¦.¦ " « '.I Betting. ,
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. %. . %. ' Str. Fin. ."Owner and Jockey. Op.< ". .- Cl.
(3256) Eonic. 4 V. .. 98 7 6 V, 5 h : 2 115 Caesar Young. ..Jackson 10 10
Nones. 4 119 11 10 % 8 % 7^4 2 n P. Ryan...... N. Turner 3 4
(3218) Corrigan, 3 ..100 10 2 111 113 1%' Burns & Watrhs.Ransch 5 6
3235 Black Dick, 4. ...107 4 11 %.U 1 9 2 4 4 • L. V. Bell T. Burns 7 10
3248 Eranglble. 5 :.... 92 8 7h-72 81 5% P. D. Boas:.... Redfern 15 '¦-> 10
(3290) Diderot. 4 ....'.:. 103 2 S 1 S 5 1 6 1 " J. P. Atkins. ..O'Connor 10 5
3290 Horton, 6 ...104 3 12 12 11 "7% J. McGovern ....... Hoar . 20 30
3236 Greyfeld. 6 107 1 32' 4 1 3 2 8 5- R.^A. Smith... J. Woods 2' 2
(3261) Articulate. 4 112 12 9 4 10 % 12 ¦ ' 9 1 R. A, Smith. .Blrkenruth): • •
29S2 Obia. 4 ...105 5 In 2h 4 1 10 1 P. Ryan. .. . . . .WInslettel •* •«
(3164) Scotch Plaid, a.. 103 6 8 h 0 % 10 1 11 1 Burns & Watrhs..McGinn| •*• • •?*
3176 The Fretter. 6.. .108 9 4 n 6 h 6 h 12 F. J. O'Rourke. .Troxlerf 15 -30
Time— M. :24%; %. :50U; %, 1:16U; m. 1:44; l^m. 2:10%. Good start except Articulate.
Won first three driving. "Winner. Caesar Young's ch..m. by Eon-Mermaid. . Jackson went
the shortest route and when the leaders tired. Eonlc waded through them. Nones came
from far back. Corrigan ran gamely but couldn't last. Black Dick had a stormy passage.
Diderot looked beaten before a mile had been covered. Greyfeld sulked in the stretch.
Articulate practically left. Obia ran a smashing race under Inferior handling. . Scotch
Plaid very "dickey." The Fretter Interfered with through stretch. Scratched — Joe Frey
113. 'Coupled with Greyfeld. »»Coupled with Nones^^»**Coupled^ wl 5 h . Corrigan. ¦
3309. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Amador' handicap; 3- year-olds and up; to first. $400.'
• • • ~~~ Betting. ,
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vi- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. ; Ol.
3290 Duckoy. 5 ......110 3 3 5' 2 3 In 1 n G. B. Morris.. O'Connor 3 2
(3266) Meehanus. 6 ....110 2 4 4 3 10 2 2 * Caesar Young... ..Woods 4 1
(3248) Kenilworth, 4 ...130 1 1 1 1 h 2 1 3 10 W. H. Ketcheman.Jcksn 6-5 11-10
(3272) Muresca. 3 98 4.2n 31 4 4 jC. Llnd ......... Ransch - 2 16-5
Time— U, :25; V> :49%; %, 1:16?4., Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. G. B." Morris* b. g. by Brutus- Decoy Duck. Kenilworth could not outfoot Duckoy
any part of it. Meehanus closed well through stretch. Muresca crowded near three-fur
long pole. She was beaten, however. . ... . •
3310. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
¦- . ¦' - • ..." Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. %.'. , %. , Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3302 Col BaUantyne.4.114 2 3 l n 3 4' 2 4 Ins James Wilson. .Bullman 4 7-2
(3276) The Weaver, 3... 90 8 , 2 l\i 2 1 « 1 h 2 6 H. I. Wilson Ransch . 5 9-2
3262 Ishtar 3 94 1 In In 84 35 Burlingame S.F...Daly 8 0
3263 IJouwelsea, 3 .... 98 7 8 n 8 1 4 4 4 5 G. XV. Baldwin Hoar 20 . ¦¦•' 25 .
P.287 Urchin. 5 116 B 6 5 6 61 6 10 D. F Cox.. ...Redfern 5 5
3278 Esternell, 3 85 4 4242 6 6 J. F. Schorr.. Birkenruth 2 18-5
3285 Joe Rlpley. a. ...119 6 » ... P. G. Lane. .....Brodlen 3 3
Time— « :25%: %. :51%: %. 1:18%; mile, 1:45V4. Poor start. AVon first three driving.
WlnneV, J. Wilson's b. h. by Atlantic-Mary Stone, dinner, carried The Weaver In some.
Ishtar found distance too far. Esternell quit. Joe Ripley broke down. Scratched — Ty
ranus »6, Silver Fizz 104- 'Broke down. . ..-..-
."The Haymaker's Story" Us the title of
a recent novel. It probably has a grass
plot.
WIDOW SUES FOR DAMAGES.— Mrs.
Charles II. Vaughan, whose husband. Chariet
H. Vaughan, died two years ago from lnju
ritm re««lv«d at the lumber mill of Hobbs,
Wall & Co., et Crescent City. Del Norte
County, filed a euit tor $23,000 damages against
the finn yesterday.-
Ralph ' Herbert, ; who \ brutally / beat his
mother; last: Wednesday night '• at her
homer,211G' Jones street, jwas I convicted " by'
Judge Conlan yesterday on ; the ' charge of
battery, and ] sentenced ,• to six ¦• months ' in
the ; , County .V Jail;- '¦' The Judge , severely
scored : the ? defendant 5 for.' his brutal con
duct, and said' he 'regretted .that he could
not - Inflict a ' more .' lengthy :. sentence • the
law preventing him from doing so. c ¦•• -•, ¦-;<¦
Brutally" Beat; His Mother;
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
J Ktir.p, N>w Orleans
K D Gibson. N H
J Klcch. Sacramento
H V Been, Los Angr
C L Green. BkrsSeld
J M Blaney. u S N
M BurroughE, S Cruz
W II de Armond & w,
Adlna. Mo
A Webster &. v.-. L Ang
Sirs C H Gordon, Io»a
J Tepe. Seattle
J Horan. Roi Vista.
J O Burnd, Llvermora
J F Moy. Ltvennore
3 A Conradt. Oakland
C White, Stockton
D M Stone & w, Cal
Mrs Stafford & e,
Oyden
M Wiener & w. X Y
HOTEL ABSIVAXS.
.'This shipment of clothing,. that is, to ar
rive here from ; Ne w ;,York, ; of which men
tion ha» been made lieretof ore,' will arrive
abotit .Wednesday/ :The '.i sale , of ¦. " theso
goods will be held at the Boston; managed
by P. C. Kelly. Monday,, Tuesday and
Wednesday .he will ' dispose ; of the' last
clothing, of the "A. Brick bankrupt stock ¦
and $4.65 will 'continue. 1 to be the price'
notwithstanding there are $20 and $25 suits
and overcoats for., men: 'among, them' at
the Boston, 773 Mission st.; near Fourth' •
Brooker . Bros., of New York.
Paul Senger: was arrested Friday night
by Detective Harper for violating the or
dinance >against ¦¦ expectorating. ¦• He was
a passenger, on a Union-street car and
disgusted every , one, • the -detective says,
by persisting in expectorating' on the floor
of the car. Harper, who was also a-pas
senger, remfinstrated : with him and got
the reply .that "they . should v have a- sign
up ' if they don't want ¦ peftple to I expec
torate." • Senger continued -. to I show his
defiance . of < the law : and Harper "arrested
him. His ; case .- was called 1 in ' Judge Ca
baniss' court .'yesterday, but he 1 failed to
appear, and the Judge . forfeited his ball
Of $5.,' . ;.;,-•: ¦ ¦'.¦ X ¦"'.•".. ¦.-.-¦ .¦••..¦ .. v- i-.-i.-r,
Defiant Expectorator.
W. H- Gregory, a cattle dealer of Stock
ton, is at the Rues. i;' : ,-''
W. S. Collins, a well-known mining man
of Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
'H. E. Huntlngton arrived in this city
Friday morning from Los Angeles.
H. Wittenberg, a cracker manufacturer
of Portland, is a guest at the Grand.
J. B. Lankersham, the well-known cap.
ltallst of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
Mre. J. E. Stubbs, wife of the president
of the Nevada University, Is at , the Cali
fornia.
W. A. Moody and C. C. Moody, cattle
men of Elko, Nev., are registered at the
Russ.
J. W. Hunt, the owner of the Hotel An
p-elus building at Los Angeles, -Is at the
Palace with his wife.
W.M. Wambaugh, a representative of
the Mexican Government In Texas, Is reg
istered at the Palace.
J. T. Crow, an extensive landowner and
rancher of Crows Landing, is among the
arrivals at the Lick.
Ex-Governor George W. Baxter, father
of Mrs. Hugh Tevis, arrived from Den
ver last evening and is at the Palace.
E. W. Runyon, who : was a California
Commissioner to the Paris Exposition, is
registered at the Palace from Red Bluff.
Byron Erkenbrecher,' a mining man and
oil speculator, is up 'from Los Angeles.
He has made .his headquarters at the
Palace. .
W. F. Herrin. chief counsel' of 7 the
Southern^ Pacific Company, and Julius
Kruttschnitt, general manager and assist
ant to President Harriman, are back from
the East
PERSONAL MENTION.
W. P., Carroll was arrested yesterday
on a warrant issued some weeks ago on
complaint of A: Moller, who was bunkoed
out of $1500 at a faro game In the Palace
Hotel. The complaint charges Carroll
with playing an unlawful game. He was
released on $500 bonds, the sureties being
Jerome Bassity and Dave Becker, saloon
keepers, v Carroll . at the preliminary ex
amination before Judge Cabaniss ; on the
charge of grand , larceny -was dismissed
but two others .concerned in the game
were held .to:. answer, .and the -, fourth
Charles i Stlckney, alias Fagenbush was
taken to Chicago to answer a crime com
mitted by him there. •
"Patsy" Arrested.
Prisoners Sentenced.
"Three prisoners, each. convicted of the
charge -of assault 'with a. deadly weapon,
appeared- for 'sentence before Judge
Dunne: yesterday .V Wong Bon, a'Chinese,
¦who stabbed -Wong, Lee in the, back .with
a knife atlS^Waverleytplace December
6, got eighteen months In the County Jail:
J. M. : Lee, who cut: John • W. Rock • of 289
Clara street with ¦•» a 1 razor ' December : 23,
got one year, in the County Jail, and Cor
nelius J. Keef e, '.who cut his wife with a
razor, got ¦ five months in Jail. ¦• • - - ',
Refuses to Pay a License.
Morton ¦ L. Cook, who 'has the advertis
ing privileges on drop curtains in: thea
ters, appeared J before . Judge Mogan 'yes
terday on the charge of refusing, to pay a
license fee. ,The complaining' witness is
John Lenlhan. a deputy, collector. ; Mor
ton contends that the license fee paid : by
the proprietors of theaters covers the ad
vertising on drop curtains. . The ; hearing
was continued ' till* next Thursday. : .. .¦. •.
N. S. Hand, the handicapper, of -113
Stockton street, has been" meeting - with
phenomenal success at Oakland, and has
given his subscribers seventy-four win
ners in the past thirty days. He figures
solely oh the class and form of horses and
Jockeys, as shown in actual races, and not
on "inside information" or •. private ¦ tips.
He recently perfected | and copyrighted a
new "alternating" system of playing the
first two selections v in each race which
has won $3754 during the past thirty days
at Oakland on an initial bet of $10. Hand
has decided to form a pool and operate his
system on a co-operative basis, and wiU
accept commissions in amounts of not less
than $20. ¦ ¦ ¦..':¦ ¦¦ . . :¦<:.¦:. )' . ¦ ' ' '? ,-
New System of "Playing Races.
Astor to Have a Racing Stable.
LONDON,. Feb. 15.— William Waldorf
Astqr, as a preliminary to going in for
horseracing. has registered :his colors un
der the Jockey Club rules. They are light
blue, with pink sash and. cap.
U. W. McLaughlin. the well-known
marksman, ' and I. C. Schmitz, president
of the Liberty Iron Works,; 227. Main
street, appeared in' Judge Mogan/s court
yesterday. McLaughlin was charged with
battery . and disturbing the peace ami
Schmitz with disturbing the peace. The
complaining witness against them \ Is
James C. Sones,. conductor on: a Folsom
streetcar. < ' >•* '¦ ' ¦¦¦ \ ' :• ¦'• ]
. McLaughlin and Schmitz boarded Sones'
car about 6 o'clock Friday i evening, and
when it reached Sixteenth and Folsom
streets Sones objected to McLaughlin
smoking In the car. ,: McLaughlin • resent
ed being reproved' before the . other pas-~
sengers. and attacked Sones, giving him a
severe beating. Schmitz, It is also alleged,
kept urging on McLaughlin to "wellopV
the conductor, whose eyes were blackened
and his face covered with blood. -A crowd
of nearly 500 people . gathered around the
combatants. Policeman ¦ Potter was at
tracted to ; the' scene ,; and arrested Mc-
Laughlin and Schmitz. - ,
Neither of the '/ parties was ready to
proceed and the Judge continued the cases
till next Tuesday. ¦- ,
Have Trouble With Conductor
. ' .. Sones. - . .,
D. "W. McLaughlin and I. C. v Schmitz
BESENT BEING, TOLD TO
i STOP SMOKING IN CAB,
Mr. Thrall was appointed to the Rail
way Mail Service April 23, 18S3. and served
his apprenticeship on the line between Og
den and San Francisco. By ' close at
tention to business he rose from helper
to clerk-in-charge. On August 1, 1890, he
was promoted to the inspectors' division
and served in that department for eight
years.* In mastering the intricate details
of the inspectors' department he showed
marked ability as an organizer and was
generally detailed on all cases necessi
tating the leasing of buildings for Gov
errment purposes and the perfecting of
plans and specifications for the arrange
ment and furnishing of offices. He lo
cated and arranged for nearly all the
stations and- sub-stations in San Fran
cisco and was to a. great extent Instru
mental In perfecting the present system
of street-car mail service in this city.
In July, 1S98. the department appointed
him superintendent of the Railway Mail
Service, known as the Eighth division,
and comprising Alaska. Arizona, Califor
nia, Idaho. Nevada, Oregon, Utah and
Washington.
It Im expected that postal clerks from
all parts of the division will be present.
H; G. Rhodes of Alameda will preside,
and Royal G. Auld will be toastmaster.
Others Interested in the arrangements are
F\ "P. Howlaod. O. J. Boyle, William
McManus and J. S. Roberts.
H. P. Thrall, superintendent of the
Eighth division of the Railway Mail Serv
ice, with headquarters in this city, is to
be the guest at a banquet at a downtown
restaurant next Tuesday evening, to be
given by the clerks under his charge as
a. means of expressing their gratitude ' for
the many favors extended to them by
their superior.
H. P. Thrall to Be Guest at a Banquet
Given by Them.on Tuesday
Evening.
KAILWAY TWATTj CLERKS
TO HONOR. THEIE CHIEF
CHICAGO, Feb. 15.— Tommy Ryan was
given the decision over -Jack Beauscholte
at the end of the sixth round to-night at
the gymnasium of the Chicago Athletic
ciub.- .-:.-.• ., ¦ . ¦ • - -- ¦ :¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Tommy Ryan Gets the Decision.
Fourth race, six furlongs, Desoto handicap —
fhird CU^m1.S»" Y 7 : Dare SeC ° nd> RanC °
Fifth race, one mile and three-eighths, gell
ing— Major Mansir won,xEl Ohor second, Lit
tle Elkin third. Time, 2:22%.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
M B ih1rd1 U Ti n meT O i n :47p arterban 8<SC ° nd ' Frank
Third raceA one mile and a sixteenth, handi
cap — Malay won, ' Intrusive second, Eva Rice
third. Time. l:47J4;---v • : * . • \
Second race, five and a half furlongs— Ogle
won. -Manse second, Amesari third. ,Tlme,
First race, six furlongs,' sellinsr—Orla won
John Grigsby second; Lady; Alberta third.
Time. 1:14 V&. • ;
/ NEW ' ORLEANS. ; Feb. lS.i- Crescent City
summary: ... .. . . •'..
N"ew; Orleans " Racing.
Many were inclined to give credit to
Nones as being the best horse In the race,
but he probably did his best and received
as good a ride as ; the winner.. From the
pace set it is almost safe to say that had
Articulate got -away there would have
beennothing.to.it. -The brown colt could
certainly have . putf ooted Corrigan and
Obia the first mile, and his . class in the
mud would , assuredly have > carried, him
on the extra quarter. ¦ •
Track Notes.
Yards in Ten Seconds at the
CHICAGO. Feb. 13.— A "world's swim
ming : record was • broken ' in the sports
men's show, at the Coliseum to-night when
J: Scott Leary of the Olympic- Athletic
Club. San Francisco,' swam" twenty yards
in ten seconds flat. . :
By so doing he clipped 2-5 of a second
from the world's mark set by E. Carroll
Schafer of Philadelphia. This was a feat
ure of the 100-yard race, which Leary won
easily; leading* at the finish by ..three
lengths. , Spencer, of Columbia University
was . second and Guy M. . Dailey of • the
Homestead water : polo team was third.
The time for the 100 yards was 1:07, which
is three seconds slower than Leary's best
time for tho same distance. .
Coliseum, Chicago.
Olympic Clubman Covers Twenty
SWIMMER SCOTT TYRARY
LOWEES WORLD'S RECOHD
"i Colonel Ballantyne, ; with Bullman up.'
won, the. last rtice in a nose finish with
The Weaver/- Ishtar ran into the show.
The winner , was • bid up $300 over his en-
Although old Floronso showed to ; be
pounds the best of the six starters in the
mile selling run, Birkenruth nearly threw
the race away. Pocketed half . the way,
he finally moved in time to get the deci
sion from Woolhurst by a head. Sea' Lion
rap third. • ¦
Many of the wise set could see nothing
in the slx-furlong? handicap but Kenil
worth, ; although the brown horse .was
carrying 130 pounds. Harry Stover's
"bird" closed nn 11 to'10 favorite and fin
ished third. ' Duckoy passed . the first
choice when ready and at the wire downed
Meehanus easily by • a neck. s Muresca
was the only other starter.
Game little Adirondack, equal favorite
with Gold Van, nosed Nigrette out, due
to Bullman's powerful finish. Gold Van.
away none ; too well. •: could make up no
lost trround through the stretch. . •
The , curtaln-ralaer was a six-furlong
sellm* event, for which Phyllis • closed
favorite over Constable. • J. Ransch had
the mount on the first named filly, and,
leading •¦ most ; of the route, won hands
down from .- Bassenzo. Constable came
from the rear Just about in time to finish
third; - ' < • V ' • ¦' ¦, ¦;¦ -i
Favorites experienced no difficulty in
capturing the first three events, and then
their usefulness ceased. Bullman was the
only rider to pilot two winners during the
afternoon. ; • .
Following the usual custom a hand
some floral horseshoe was placed over the
winning mare's neck and both she and
her rider, were warmly applauded.
Just as on the occasion when Imperious
captured the same handicap two years ago
with a "catch" on his back, there was a
growl registered by many of the Eastern
owners. To obviate this and give good
horses more of a chance, it might be an
excellent plan for the association across
the bay to set the minimum weights for
handicaps at 100 pounds. Any horse that
cannot shoulder such an assignment does
not belong In handicaps and is not enti
tled to any consideration.
1, "Winnie O'Connor had the mount on
Diderot, which horse's price fell from 8
to 5. Scotch Plaid and Corrigan,-- the
Burns & Waterhousa duo, attracted quite
a play at odds of 6 to L There was a
vexatious delay at the post of about twen
ty minutes, caused by the unruly antics
of Greyfeld and the eagerness of the
riders in general to seize any slight ad
vantage. When the barrier was released
all got away to a pretty start . except
Articulate. ¦ Birkenruth, who seemed half
asleep, stood there as if posing- for a pho
tographer until commanded to take after
the field by Trainer Bob Smith. His case
was thus hopeless. For nearly a mile
Ransch on Corrigan, Winslette astride
Obia, woods with Greyfeld and O'Connor
with the leg up on Diderot, formed the
front division. Eonlc was far back and
Nones still farther away. From the far
turn to the stretch Jackson saved a deal
of ground with Eonlc and was soon hot
on the trail of Corrigan. A furlong from
home the latter was tiring and Eonic as
sumed the lead. Getting anxious Jack
son drew his whip, but soon laid.lt aside
and, the little plater . passed the judges
five : lengths before the tardy-coming
Nones, hard ridden by Nash Turner. Cor
rigan finished third and Black Dick, the
entry of I* V. Bell, a creditable fourth.
The winner's time for the mile .and a
quarter was 2:10^4. Jackson, who rode
Eonic, received 12500, it was said, for his
Skill. .
WHEN last the Burns handi
cap was decided, now fully
one year ago, two great turf
. organizations were battling
for supremacy, and the at
tendance that greeted the winner, The
Fretter. was limited. In defiance cf the
weather signals and with utter indiffer
ence to. the lowering clouds that momen
tarily threatened a renewal of the storm,
more than 5000 enthusiastic .race-goers
passed through the turnstiles , yesterday
at Oakland track. "Tis not every day
a $10,000 stake is decided, and the Burns
handicap proved as great a drawing card
as ever. The track was a perfect sea of
mud, and Articulate was the tip from
early morn until post call. .
Judge of the surprise of the spectators
when Eonlc, a meek, mild-mannered lit
tle mare, carrying 98 pounds, ridden by
Lee Jackson, and a member of one of the
selling plater classes, came splashing
home an easy winner at odds of 12 to 1.
Nones, the top weight, of which so much
was expected on the strength of his fast
workouts, finished . second, and Corrigan,
the Burns & Waterhouse three-year-old,
third. Articulate, the real favorite, with
Birkenruth up, refused to break and was
practically left.
It was about. 20 minutes to 4 o'clock
when the bugle summoned th« twelve
starters to the post. Coupled in the bet
ting, Articulate and Greyfeld had the
call at odds of 2 to 1. Then came .the
Ryan pair, Nones and Obia, with 4 about
them. '
tered selling price of $300 by Harry- Sto
ver. .-_ i . ... ¦ ' : ; .- ¦ i ¦
3OSCELLAN-EOUS BOXDS.
J* AW Co. 76'ilO3 (Oceanic 6s... 101 101X4
ay CPC 58.109 108i4!Ombus C 6s 131 _
al^L. S *il- 116^ ~ Pmc G Im *»• »5 »7'4
-SPTS 6s. — — Pk&C H 6S..106 —
d f* 1 !. 6 ?" — — Pk&O R 6s.. 117 120
er&C H 6«.12O — Pwl-st R 6s.ll9^ —
«*P'-«t r 6s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 85^ —
I CiS 6H«. — — SF & SJV5s.l225 —
£*> 8« •••• — — Sierra Cal 6slO5 - 110
A-nr R — 121% S P of Ar 6s
.AH«rht«s — — <19O8) 112%
• A & P 58-101% — <1905)Sr A.109 —
Do lem Ss.101 103 (l»O5)Sr B.109U —
Tkt-st C 6S.125H — (1906) ... 112 —
Do lem Ss.121% — <1812) 122 »
fHofC «s.lll — EP of Cal 1st
Do 5s 122*4 — c rntd 5s.. 120 —
« Pac C fis.100 10914 Do Btmpd..llOT4 —
J Cal R Ss.I12H — S P BrCal6s.l39 -
Sff 5!- 114 — S V Wat 6S.114 114%
>ak Trn «s..!22 — Do «s 102% —
Do 1st c 6slll 112 Do 4s 3dm. 101*1
>ak W G 5s. — 1O3I4 lEtfctn Gas 6s.lO2i5— ¦
¦WATER STOCKS.
rontra Cost* 7.T* 74 jPort Costa... 63H 66
M*rln Oo ... C9 — iSprmr Val... 67i|
GAS AND ELECTRIC
>nt L & P. 2 5 Pac Light ..44
3qtOL Co. 3 3H 8ac E G&RC 25 2«14
4k S F G & E.. 46 4614
» G L & H. 81% — S«nFr»n ... 8% C
'ac G Imp.. 3S% *0 Stktn G & E. 8 —
CKBDBANCE.
Trem'i Fnd. — 275 I
BAJfKS.
..80 — L P & A. ...163 168
.'oJlfornis. ..42o Mer Ex Qlq) lSU
Safe Dp. 115 *j 110 ,S F Natioiu.l37S —
"iret Natnl..S25 350 I
SAVINGS BAJtKS.
lermaa ...1950 — Sav & Loan. — 100
I umbolSt . . — — Socurtty 6ar.3O5 S50
idutuaj Sav.. 70 hQ Union Trust. — 2200
i F Sa.v U..S12H —
CTREET RAILROADS.
.. — 172ijJMarket ...:. — -_
Scary — 60 lPresidlo .... 35 45 [
POWDER.
Jlaat 7SM 79%/vurortt 3^i 4'J
SUGAR.
lana 3% 4 Kllanea 914 10
lawailaa .. 37% — Makaweli ..26 26%
lonokaa ... 11^ 12^ Onomea 23 24
Hutchlnson • 14 — Paauhan ... 12 12^
MISCELLANEOUS.
Maska Pack.164%163 tPac A F A.. — 3U
Froit As. 98 B&Y* Pac C Borax.165 —
-al "Wtne Ab.100 100^j Par Paint ..16
oceanic S Co 36 — |
Morning Seseioa.
Board —
15 California Wine Association... 100 00
25 Hutcbinson S P Co.. 14 00 /
10 M&rket Street Railway 89 00
*t,OOQ Market Btr«et Rjr 1st con 5a... 122 OO
$2,000 N' P C R R 5s 109 25
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 36 75
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 36 60
ft, 000 — Sacramento E'ec G & Ry 6s.. 05 50
M6r Gas A Electric Co 48 00
50 Spring Valley Water 87 50
Street — . .<. ¦
10 Giant Powder Con 79 00
»<.',0<rt) Northern Railway of Cal 6s. .Ill 25
20 Pacific Gas Improvement 38 00
70 S F Gas E Electric Co 46 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlngr Session.
Board—
1 Hunford 82 00
U00 Monarch of Arizona...-. IS
MINING STOCKS.
The following- were the sales In the San Fr*n
-itcxt Stock fc.nd Exchange Board yesterday:
Momlnjr Session.
t0 CC & V*....l 30 600 Ophlr S7
800 Qould it Cur. 13 600 Overman .... 07
100 Hale 4k Nor.. 31 200 Potosl 12
400 Justice 09 300 Sava«re 08
600 Mexican 38 2u0 Union Con... 21
*Thm following were the sales In the Pacific
Etock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best tc Bel... 26 300 Mexican * 86
650 Beat A Bel... 27 300 Ophlr , 90
200 C C t V» 135 800 Ophlr J*4
COO Gould & Cur. 13 1O00 Sierra. ICev IS
200 Bale & k'or.. 30 200 Silver Hill... 71
600 Mexican' 34 1100 Union Con... 22
300 Mexican ...... 35j 300 Tel Jacket... II
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAT. Feb. 15—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... 03 Ol'Justlce jo 12
Alt* 04 06 Kentuck ..... 01 02
Andes 05 ©6 ! La<Sy Waeh.. 01
Belcher «7 06 Mexican 88 40
Best & Bel... 27 28 Occidental ... 10 11
Bullion 02 03-Ophir 97 98
Caledonia ... 26 2S Overman .... 06 07
Cbalienre ... 17 18 Potosl It j2 ,
Chollar 10 11 Harare 08 09
Confidence ... 65 00 Scorpion — 04
CCA Va. .. .1 35 1 40 Se* Belcher.. — fl*
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Ner... 15 17
Con N Y — M SiU-er. Hill... 71 ' 73
Crown Point. 06 . 08 St Louis — 10 ¦
Kureka Con.. 18 — Standard 8 20 —
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate ... — ©7
Could & Cur. 33 14 Union Con... 22 23
HsJ« A Nor.. 33 84 Utah 02 03
alls, — 04 Tel Jacket.,. 16 IS
Continued From Page Thirty-Piv©.
DOMMERCIAL NEWS
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.'— Charles S. Nor
ris," formerly, of the Chicago Athletic As
sociation, d||d,now a resident of this city,
is tied for first honors' in the "amateur
billiard championship with Wilson H.
Sigourney of San" Francisco. .
Norris beat his old .clubmate, C. F.
Conklin of Chicago, to-night by a score of
400 to 345. It was a close game through
out as ' the : narrow margin which divided
the players at the finish will show. Sig
ourney and Norris will play off the tie
next Monday night and the winner of that
contest will play Wilson P. Foss for the
amateur championship of America. Score
to-nisht: • -
Norris, 400; average, 5 45-71; high runs,
34, 27, 21. .:¦-,
Conklin, 395; average, 5 40-71; high runs,
43, 39, 38.
Winner Will Play Foss for the
American Championship.
Will Meet To-Morrow Night and the
S1G0UBNEY AND N0EBIS
A TIE IN BILXIABD: MATCH
Fitzsimmons -will do . his preliminary
work for the battle at Bath Beach. Jeff
ries' training quarters will be located at
either : Lx>s Angeles or Pasadena, accord
ing to his present ideas... . . :
On that date all bids for the battle will
be opened. Each party to the 'agreement
will then post $2500 as a guarantee of good
faith.- Moving pictures of the battle will
be taken if conditions permit.' The win
ner will receive all moneys accruing from
this source. • •' > : . .
i : The Californian and the former heavy
weight champion at their meeting to-day
discussed the details of the bout. ':¦. Jeffries
suggested that each man* furnish his own
gloves, subject to the approval of the
referee. Fitzsimmons readily agreed to
this. The question of: bandages was con
sidered. Fitzsimmons, urged their use and
Jeffries finally consented. - The detail as
to who will ( referee ¦¦ was discussed, but
final selection was deferred until March
15/ ¦¦¦:¦ .-¦ ,-. ¦-- : ..;] ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •- . . ; : '•
The contest will be ? limited to /twenty
rounds . and j Marquis of v Queensbury rules
will govern. San Fran9isco will probably
be'. the. scene Vof the contest. The winner
will receive 60; per ¦ cent of the fightera'
share of the gate receipts, and ; the loser
40 per ; cent. To avoid - possible accidents
and make certain that both men will en
ter the ring in physical condition, Jeffries
and Fitzsimmons" have each agreed- not
to engage in ? any ring contest prior | to
May. 15. Bids for the contest wili remain
open until March 15.-
NEW YORK, Feb. 15.— Articles. of agree
ment for a '' : battle for the heavy-weight
boxing, championship between James J.
Jeffries and , Robert A Fitzsimmons'f were
signed , to-day. .; The agreement J provides
the contest shall take; place on or about
May 15 before the club offering the most
attractive 'financial inducements.. - ..
This will be the last day that candi
dates for the Belle Brandon cup can be
registered. The draw will be held next
Wednesday evening at Pythian Castle,
and the stake will be decided next Sun
day at Union Park.
BpeclaJ stake — J. L. Ross* Fontenoy beat E»
Zeipb's Glencoe, 5-2; O. Zahl's Homer Boy
beat Chlartnl Bros. 1 Santonin, 4-0; Sterl &
Knowles' Ollta, beat E. Reddy's Full Moon,
24-13; D. J. Healeys Tapioca beat A. von der
White's Flora McDonald, 7-5; J. L. Boss 1
Game Boy beat Chlarlni Bros.' Dewdrop, 8-3;
J. Hurley's Gramercy beat J. Cane's Ureenhall,
ri-9; D. J. Healey's Tiburon beat H. Schaffer-s
Fair Glen. 8-6; Chtarlnl Bros." Tame Tralee
beat J. Dowllng's Sir Lawrence, 8-6; A. R.
Curtis' Vulcan beat G Packard's BrUht Gold,
2-4): D. J. Healey's Sisquoc beat G. B. Mer
rill s Warpath. 6-0; A. R. Curtis* Loyal Lad
beat J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells. 6-3; E. Geary- 8
Fenll beat P. Doyle's Liberator. 12-8; A. von
der White's Lear King beat W. C. de B.
Lopez's Peplta, 11-7; P. J. Rellly-s Royal
Lnion beat J. Hurley's Living Picture, 8-6;
w. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick beat E. Geary's
Bonnie Hughie. 8-3; T. Coleman's Cotton Ball
**¦**: P " M - Curtis' Sir Pitt. S-5; p. Nethercott's.
Hickory Dick beat Chiartnl Bros.' -White Hat.
2-0; G. Nethercott's Freda C beat E. Geary's
America, 7-2; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat
J. L. Ross' Mayflower. 6-1; E. Geary's Roy
Hughie beat Alameda Kennels' Lilac, 4-3; E.
Geary's Ruby fiankey beat J. R. McCarthy's
?° b * Do*. «-2; E. Geary's Bonnie Paeha beat
C. W. Bonner's Wild Norah. 3-0; A. R. Curtis'
Leola beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, 8-3; Pasha
K * nn «ls' Real Article beat H. H. Grays Rona,
r..L F- i 0MS ' Wedgewood beat D. J. Healey's
Elista 6-2; P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter
£. Pasha - Kennels' Rural Artist. 11-8.
n3£? Ca!r ns' Geld Ore beat E.
Sf/ 3^ K**? Oaks ' 7 ' 6; F - Rogers' Glaucus
beat W J. Leonard's Daylight. 2-1; J. Trade's
Casey beat M. iN'ealon's Agamemnon. 11-4; B.
Silva s Master Rocket beat G. Graham's Ty
rone Prince. 7-1; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brum
5?r el - . * , Pasl ia Kennels' Roving Arab, 4-0;
W. Cairns Imperial beat Pasha Kennels' Reck
less Admirer. 4-O; E. Geary's Little Jim beat
v\- C. de K. Lop«z> B P. 10-4; K.^ Rosen
be rger s Lady Chiquita beat F. B Gerber'n
Kienri. 11-6; Kelly & Hanleys Precita Maid
« at .f Geary's d'Athy, 3-2; E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie beat Pasha Kennels' Regal Athie. 3-1;
i 8 Thelma beat J. H. McPufflies 1 Jim
mie Anthony 8-3; J. Trade's Belle Rocket beat
Pasha. Kennels' Rich Argosy, 7-2: J. Carroll's
i°7 i^'f/i Kolander's Master Whalen,
•f. nt , de B- Ll0 P ez ' s Courage beat J. Con
nell's Black JJwel. 3-1: B. Senderman's Com
lque beat F. Builock'e Rocky Glen. 14-5: J. M.
,2"!^' A - McL e<xis Royal
Friend. 15-4; F. Rodgers' Arbacus beat J. M.
Carroll's Lady Menlo, 22-3; M. Nealon's Fred
Freedom beat A. R. Curtis' Galatea, 2-0* A.
R. Curtis' Lost Chord, beat T. XvT Barteis'
Bogus Brummel. 4-2; A. R. Curtis' Old Iron-
Etdes beat G. Graham's Emin Bey, 11-1; Pasha
Kennels' Fiery Face beat Kelly & Hanley's
Lushmagh Lad, 12-4; J. F. Badt's Lovina beat
J. A. Klein's Coronado, 4-2; T. XV. BarteU'
5?f UB^ Ba " )n b«*t W. Burke's Xight Time
?2-0: F. Pu>senberger-s Master BIy beat d'
Wlekand's La Estrella. 2-0; Alameda Kenne{s :
Melrose Lad beat G. Welsh's Little Lucy. 5-2-
Pasha Kennels' RusUc Arbor beat O. Zahl's
O'Hara^ 5-3; C. Clock's Alameda Lad beat j"
Connell's Moonorita, 9-4; L. S. Barre's Boodle
Boy beat A. Hellmuth'e Areca Nut, 17-1; T
?i a i? er xf Bad Boy beat F - Brown's .Friendly.
iVti *H *t G £5? r ' S T* l Z l)og beat G - Graham's
Little Jack. 5-0; J. Hurley's Rlley Grannan
beat Alameda Kennels' Clarice, 5-1; F Brown's
Go Slow beat W. C. Badger's Alert, 25-11.
In the open stake Master Rocket has
been Installed favorite at odds of 3 to 1.
Fiery Face is at 4 to 1. The stake is con
sidered to be between these two grey
hounds. The favorites won with few ex
ceptions yesterday. The biggest upset
was the defeat of- Rlenzi by Lady Chi
quita. a 3 to 1 shot.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
The special stake has an open look for
to-day. Homer Boy, Game Boy, Slsquoc,
Hickory Dick, Freda C, Harlean Gladys
and Wedgewood all figure to have a
chance. Ruby Sankey is in a good posi
tion and. has an outside chance.
Notwithstanding the strong counter at
tractions, there was a good attendance at
Union coursing park yesterday to witness
the decision of the first round In the two
stakes. The hares continued strong, a
number of long courses resulting.
Will Probably Be Held in
; This City ; About the
" Middle of May.- :
Favorite Players Make Few
Mistakes in the First
Round. - :
Articles Are Signed Ifdr
"a Championship
Battle.
Greyhounds of Equal
Speed to Meet at
Union Park.
COURSING STAKE
HAS OPEN LOOK
"FITZ" AGREES
TO FIGHT "JEFF"
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LLVf'SJJ^^
THE OALIjIS RACING FORM.GHART
¦¦¦¦-'•¦¦". ¦" . . . -¦ . ¦, -. • • - ,, ; :, . , . ¦-. 1
OAKLAND BACETBACR— Saturday, Feb. 15.'— "Weather showery .'.Track sloppy.
39
i; OCEAN TR AVEIl ;' V-
Pacitio Coast Steamship Co.
. . ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
lfew_ Wharf, San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. Jun*au.
l^it^^-^ Ekagway. etc, Alaska— 11 a.
l» fe^K^^ «>•. Feb - ' 6 > 10 - 15> 20 - 25 '
KRS5§5fl W3 March 2. Chance to com.
IfflBrA^linall pany's steamers at Seattle.
; f^&S&S&pft For Victoria. ¦ Vancouver.
if- Port Townsend. Seattle. Taco-
¦ • ™""8^ ma, Everett, New Wbatcom —
11 a.' m Feb. ' 6, 10. 15.- 20. 25. March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and' G. N. Ry.: at Seattls or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt, Bay)— 1:30 P.-;m..
Feb l; 6 11. 16, 21, 26, March 3. ¦ ¦.-"£'
t -For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port'. Los Angeles and Redondo <Los An.
peles) — Steamer Spokane. . Sundays, 8 a. m.
Eteamer State of Cal., Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
LuH Oblppo). Santa. Barbara. Ventnra. Hue-
neme. EautSan Pedro, San Pedro and 'New-
port ("Bonlta only).^ • ,
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Feb. 8. 11. 19. 27. -March 7-
1 Coos Bay. : 9 «. m.. Feb. 7. 15. 23. riarch 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo MazaUan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. >' - - • : '¦•'••
I For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lnc dates.' - ' ¦ . . ¦ .
TICKFT CFFTCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
• ' ;."•:-¦ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O.I? & N. CO,
. Only Sto«j««hlp Iilnn to
: PORTLAND, Or.,
And Shor* Rail Line frntn Portl^ad to aM
points East. Thronfth Ticket « t« all
¦ poin+«. «¦" m'Lo 1 ' ntenmobiD xnd rail," at
LOWEST HATES. . ¦
£TEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEETii and If SALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails....... ...........
.....Feb. 12. 22; Mar. 4. 14. 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
.....Feb. 17. 27; Mar. 9. 19. 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg"y, S. F
fe^^ NOME
i^^SAILINGS.
. WBSHa»P"' IIlrT "™ ' THK FIRST CLASS'
¦|S.a PORTLAND
Vl\ •. • WILL SAIL FOR
IsT O 1ML E3
Leaving San Francisco..... April lflth
Leaving Seattle. : April 26th
For Freight and ¦ Passage Apply to ,
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
645 Market st. San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO., Puget
Sound Agent, Seattle, Wash. '
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapors;
To- Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
1 ard 3. Dier 10, 12 m. . ¦¦ ¦ -
1 GUATEMALA.. Feb. 18? SANTIAGO .. — —
PALENA ! . . .March 10 TUCAPEL . .. \
.These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral | and South American passenger service.
(No change -at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHKIB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
occaBie^o.ss
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti, about Feb. 10
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., Feb. 27, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
..........Saturday, March 8, '02, 2 p." m.
i. D. SP3ECXELS k BROS. CO., fisnrai Agents, S27 Hartei St
Wl PasssnQtr Offics, 643 Market St., Pier Ko. 7. Pacift: St
IfNlBliHi
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA /- DIRECT.
Cabin, $105;. Steerage, $40; Meals Free. .
S.S.Argyll saiU Thursday, Mar. 13
S. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar. 24
S. S. Ar£yll soils Tuesday. April 29
¦¦:': From - Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m. •
Freight and Passenger Of nee. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. .-^
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANT,
Crocker building.
Operating stags lines . between ' TitnT^na "Bay
and above points. ¦' . . -
C0XPAGXI3 5INXKALB ' TBANSATLASTIQW
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -_,
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of .(tR&Z%
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from pier 42. inirrTii
North River, foot of Morton street. ¦
First class to "Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & < CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.'
BAY AND . RIVER STEAMEB5.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ3
Eteamen.GEN.' FRISBIE or MONTICELL!)
0:45 a. rn., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:46 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, c p. m., except
Eunday. Sunday,.? a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fax* 00
. cents. . Telephone Main 1508. . Landing ' and
office, pier 2. Mission-street . dock. HATCH
Bitoa. ..... ¦ .
BATLWAY , TBAVEL.
IN LESS THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at IO a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
• i& NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOtJBLiE Drawlng-Room Sleeping
Cars, Buffet, Smoking- and .Lib-
,.- rary - Cars. ¦ with barber. Dining-
Cars— meals a la carte. Dally Tourlsi
'Car Service at 6 p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions every Wednes-
day and Friday, at 8 a. m: from San
Francisco. Tho best of everything. •
RiR. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. . Gen. Agent Psdfie Coast
. Palace Hotel » San Francisco
. op 5. P. Company's Agent
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
: Via SausaUto Ferry .
Commencing September 29, 1801.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
I---..-.;--. . AND SAN RAFAEL.
•WEEK DAYS— 6:56, 8:30. *&:30,»H:00 a. m..
1 *1:45, 3:15," 4:16, 5:15. "erlS, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill . Valley i »nd S»n
Rafael • on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ¦ , '
SUNDATS— »8:00. •10:00. »ll:30 a. ra., 1:15,
3:15 --^^S, 6:30, 0:30'p. m. . . . . ;. -
- Trains marked (*) ; run to San Quentin.' :,
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
• WEEK DATS — »5:25. 8:27. 7:45. 8:35, 10:13
a. m., •12:25.'2:15,,«3:35. 4;40.-6:30 p. m.
, EXTRA TRIPS , on ¦ Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
r SUNDAYS— C: 15. •8:00. •10:00, , •11:45 «.m..
•1:40 ••3:15. 4:45,"i*C:30 p. >rn. - >•' ' ; <>
' -Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55, 10:39
k. m.. 1 12:35. 2:45, '3:50, 6:10 p.m. ; ..--
> EXTRA • TRIPS ; on " Mondays.: Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.-m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05,. 10:05 a. m., > 12:05,' 2:15,
3:30. •6:0O.;C:45 p. m. - '"'«***«£ffidftfiatS
'¦ THROUGH TRAINS. .
6:55 . a. . m. week days^ — Cazadero and , way
stations.- :" ¦ ¦:'¦ - -' ¦ '¦' ¦¦.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.' . : ¦ ¦:=¦.. ,¦ : /r > ,. •».'. r .i.:
:¦ . 8 :00 a. ¦ in. ° Sundays — Duncan : Mills and way
stations. ' '*''UI> |l lJ'>J1|t<U»»i^WlW!lfl. > ViiiiwWwHjMl
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. .. •
The Weekly Call,,
$1 pep Year.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leave Via Sausalito Ferry
' San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
4d5 P. 11:30a. H :25 '• 5:55 r -
1:15 p. *->^? kJ) r- 1 * (5:55 P.|
: ' 7»r», Ku FnaeUco lo SminU *nd Mm, 1 1.9fll
.OCEAN .': TBAVEL.
TOYO^KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMKRS WILL LEAVE, WHARF.*; COR-
ner First and : Brannan i streets, at 1 p. m.,'
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG.' calling, at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at .Hongkong i with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on .day of
sallingr. v .v. --¦¦.'¦ • \ : ;¦':. ...' -: -
SS. NIPPON, MARU. ............:
¦ .......... . . .Tuesday. February 25th, . 1902
S3. AMERICA^MARU... .................. » -
........ ......~:*.?rlday,- March 21st.- 1802
SS. HONGKONG MA1M1T.. %..';•. .*.;.;-......
.¦: . .Tuesday. April 15th.. 1902
Round-trip it tickets T at -.reduced t rates. ,¦ For
freight and passage apply at company's office,'
421 Market street, corner First. ¦. ; ;• r. ,
... W. H.I AVERT,: General Agent. .
i] ;v- AMERXANJLINE .". ¦.
NEWiiyORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON." ,-
St. Louis.Feb. • 28,10am|St. . Paul,- Mar. 12,10am
Philadel.. Mar.; 5, 10am ! St.^ Louis, Mar.lJ), 10am
; ' NEW. YORK-i-ANTWERP— PARIS.
Friesland, Feb.2(5,noon)Vaderland, Mar.12.nobn
Southwark, ' Mar.S.nffon'Kens'gton/.Mar.lS.noon
¦¦'.'• INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. -
¦•- • -,• ' CH AS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast,; 30 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
•LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND "NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. ra. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. to.
* San Rafael to San Francisco. .
"WEEK DATS— 6:10>7:50, 0:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra v
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
¦ 5:05. 6:25 p. m. a . . -/^
. Leave ¦ I . In Effect I ' Arrive -S3sC
San Francl3CQ. I Apr. 28, l»01| San Francisco*
Week I Sun- I . ¦ • . I Sun- I Week'
Days. I days. | • Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
a :30pm 9:30am Petaluroa, fi :05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:33pm 6:20pm
Fulton. .
7:30am Windsor, 10:20am
3:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm,
7:30am 5:00pm ' Hopland 10:40am 10:25a.m
3:30pm 8:00am and TJklah. -7:33pm 6:20pm
7;30am ~~ 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm C :00pm _j ' - 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma. 9:15am 8:10am
¦ and ' •
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| S:00am| |10r40am|l0:25am
3:30pm[ 5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7 :35pm | 6:20p;q ¦
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West" Springs and Whito Sulphur Springs; ac
Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton - .
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Oeyserei; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelsey-
vllle, Carlsbad ¦ Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
nnd Bartlett Springs; at TJkiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. •
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*.
• Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HuUvtlle. Orr^a
Hot Springs. "Mendocino .City.- Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, WHllts, Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, . Harris, • Olsen's,. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. •^fiC**»S\«KS v (5>
; Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • '
On Sundays round-trip : tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half races.
Ticket office, 650 > Market street, Chronlda
building.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. BY.VN,
. . ' Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt;
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
* Local LJm'd Ovrl"d Local
Daily Dally Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:is P,
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:.S5p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p R:05a \
•• Visalla... S:3»p 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a ......
. " Kan. City 2:4O a 7:3Oa ....;.
"Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
a for morningr. P for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping; Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation oC
local flrst-claas passengers. ' No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:03 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. 13 Stockton. Mercfd and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arlfvea at 12 :U0
p. m. dally.
¦ 8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and .Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. la Bakersneld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. dally.
Offlces^ — Gil Market street and In Kerry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦ .
Ehanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .\
POWELL ST.»ea,ELUS 'ZZZ 5056
SOUTHERN : PACIFIO.
Trains Ifmo nnilnrti iliiv n» nrrlv* mi
MAN FltAXUHiO.
. , (Main Line., Foot of Market Ste«el)
lkatk — Fbow FesacABT 9. 1303. — x»axr»
. 7:01>a Benlds, Suisun, Elmixa and Bacra-
mentn. 8:33 f
7<00a Vaeaiille, Winter*. Rumsey 7*33?
;>3oa Martinez, Sau UamoD.VaUeJo.Nspa,
Callstnja and .Hauta. Row 0:23r
8:0O A Daria. Woodland. KnlgUta Lsndlnc.
llarysTille. Orotilla. 7jS-"«P
8:00 a Atlautic K x press— Ogdou and E&aS »:23l
»:««a NUea, Lathrop, Stockton ....:.. ~»S3»
HxOOANiles. Mendota, Uanford. Visali*.
Porfttrrine .-. .v... 4:33?
9:30 A Sh«nt» Express-DaTla, Williams (tot
¦ »t Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed
.-¦ l Bluff. Portland. .7«33*
¦ iSOa Sun Jose, I.itermore, Htockton,
Joiie, .Sacramento. l'lictTTille.
M»rjSTllln, Chlcn, Uo.\ ItliifT 4t2.1p
Ri3Oa Oakdale, Chinese.Honora. Tuolumne 4:2.") r
U:OOa lUywaril, NiUs and Waj SUUoui.. 1 ls.1."»\
9:«M)a Vallejo 1S|23*
U:UOa Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Latlirnji, KtocilOD, Mercs- J
Freauo and Los Angeles 7i33\
OiXOa Vall<]'>, Marlluex ami Way Stations 7i33p
IOiOUA The OTerland Limited— Ogdeu, L'en-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago. 1i33p
fl:l»«p Sacramento Itlter Sleamer* .' 111:OUJ>
Stuor Itenlein, - Winters. Haeramento,
Womllaiiil. Kiitidita lauding,
Miirynvitlc. Oroilllw I«:33a
8:30 p Kay waul, NHi-s ami Way Stations .. 7:33 r
4inor> Maitiiii":, Han llaiiion. Vallejo,
Knpn. (fMliHtoica. .Smi.U l(nni» 0i23\
4:O»r Nile*, IjTennore, Stocktan. Lodl... .la.a.ip
4:H<>r Hayward. Mle»,Hai^.li«e, Ll»»rmore tt*>S3A
4:S(»rTlia Owl I.iinitrd t- Kresno, TuUre,
lJak«;r»flel«l. Haugns for SauU liar-
bftta,.I.os AiiK«IeS 8:B34
HiOOr Port (Josta, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 " :23\
B:«O?Mar;In. z. Antiucb, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno l»:9»p
«s«»p Ila/nanl. Nlien and Sau Joss 7:33a
t»:OOr Vatlejii Ils23\
iliOWr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denrer,
- Oinaaa,St Louis. Chicago 4:25?
7«0(lp Orrgoii :t"d <"alifornin lit i>r«s*. Haa-
rniiitintti. Mrtrrsrlile. KmMhiir.
. Vartlniul, I'uget rto.u.il anil East S<334
¦iflSrSan Pab'.o, P»rt Conta. Maitlnex
and Way Utatlous 1I>23a.
t«tO3p Vallejn. 7»a.tF
COAST IjINE (Sarron- Unnge).
.(Foot »f il.irket Street.)
ftiltlANenark.Cetiter!ille,.Sai». lose. KhI ton, "*
Jtoiiltler Cri-ek-..Saii)a Crur anil Way
HUtioiiii St30»
fail ar N«w»rk, CenterTille. San Jose, New
Alm«il«u, fRlton, ISouIder Craelr,
Santa Crux and l'rinclpal Way
Stations'.....". lfti»«A
4»l.1r Newark, Man .lon«. I,fm fiatos tS:30«.
«9.3ur Hunters' Train -San Jcse and Way
8tatlons I7.aoy
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS raiNCIsCO— Foov of Itrket Street (Slip 81—
17:15 ¦ »:0U 11:00a.h. 1:03 3:J3 S.iSr.U.
frtmOHUia— r«»itfBr««ii««j.— 1«:00 JS;OO 13:0'
10:U0».M. 12:03 2.03 ¦ t:Q3 r.u.
COAST IiINE (nroail «anice).
(Third HndTowngcmlSts.)
«:IOa Ban Jose and Way stations. iTiTJIX
7:0Oa Han Jnsvnml W»y Stutiuiu tStWOA.
/7:««t Ne* AIi>:a<l«n. / 4ll0r
•sOOA Coast Line limited — ran Jose,
Gilr»y. Salinas, Sac Lois Obispo,
Banta Barbara. Lou ADgelrs and
principal Intermediate stdtion j .... 1 0:43?
. 0iOOaH»ii Joae, Tres I'iuos. Hunta t'rux,
Titcillc tSrovB, .-alinaa Han Luis
Obispo anil Frinciya! iutermedi.ta
Sutl,.... ... 4»I0p
IOi.iOa Ban Jose and Way Stations »:3«a.
II::i»A Han Jnss anil Way SUtioi'S OUDi
¦)2i I5p San Mat eo, Uedwnoil, Menlo Park,
1'alo Alto. Hanta Clara, San Jose,
.'.'¦.¦ Tres Finos, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ».»1 l'ncinc CniTs flO:-134
B>a»r .Man Jose anil Way Stations li»»p
? 1:1 5 f San Jnse ami I'rii.cipal Way HUttona S<30*
4t30r Sunset Limited— Mondays, WednM-
days, Fridnyn. for Los A ngele*. £1
Faso Kew Orleans and New York.
A nixes Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOiISa
fB:OOrSan Jose, Los Gates and Principal
WayStations ' f»:««»
BiSOp 8anJos«BUil Principal Way Stations . 6:3Op
sasrSmJoMuiJ Way .stations 7s»Or
7>0Or Kew Orleans Express — flan Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, D mlns. £1 Paso, New Or-
leans and East 11:30 4
•Ill43p San Jose and Way Stations 7:3Op
A for Morning. P for A f teruoon.
t Bundajr exeep tod. t Mmday only.
q Saturday only. / Tuesdays and rridaya..
3T0LA Assembly No. 1. T. M. C. U.— Mem-
WH."?^^ notified to assemble at 414
? n T^ e «nday mornine. February 16.
at 8:45 o clock, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Thomas Horan. Flnee for non-
etten4anc« will be etrietly Inforced By
order of JAMES H. O'CONNOR. PreaT
WILLIAM McCAXy. Secretary
C7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
JRNER— In this city, February 12. l»02
Captain John Turner (navigator), deartylbe-
hoved husband of the late Sarah CamnhZn
Turner father of Alice and UUtaa bSS
ner. and son-in-law of Thomas and Cather-
iS-^S T^n^Vi
CTThe funeral wlU taJte place Sunday
Uarfleld Post I*o. 34. G. A. R., of which «e-
?rtf™n? x- V, Po ft r 0001 - Alcazar building.
1^? NaUonal Cemetery. Presidio
HITE— In this city. February 1^19OL m«l
:«bella M. White. «1 TrtO* lltTw^
M« WdS^ ««. beloved mothT; of
xaontha - «SSS£to m^Ui
.«« MS,i« /trtf" 10 " 1 ° l HalSted & C °-
U^SSJrZZ, tUm clty - February 14. 1902.
tStf^h^ 10 !^* 1 * ol v »"«ntlne P. WU-
bt2" SSPS 1 "* 0 * S - and Elizabeth WIN
r«;^, Fu ?' r * 1 « 8e " rlc *« *1» be held to-day
l?U^v& *^ 2 °: cl ° c > " h « r J *^ residence;
I' » v * str *« t - between Polk street aind
J > JEJ^ e *%VF au 5; Interment private. In-
terment of Mr. Fleet F. Strother wilt- Uke
pUce at came time as above Interment.
lent CTDresa Lawn Cemetery, by electric
iineral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
a»et».
ORMAN— In . Frultvale. February 15. 1902.
lenry Shorman, beloved husband of the late
nna Shorman, and father of Katie and
•ns. Shorman. a. native of Germany, aged
3 yearn and C months.
,"CK — In Tucson. Ariz.. F>bruary 12, 1902
uidrew Meyer Speck, beloved eon of the lat«
ohn Henry and Sarah Ann SDeck, and
rother of John Henry, D. Maeon, George
v.. G. Boyd. Jennie and Bertha Speck and
:arrle G. Scott, a native of Pennsylvania,
36 years end 4 months. (Lebanon. Pa
*per* please copy.)
IprFrienfis and acquaintance* are reapect-
ully Invited to attend the funeral services
o-day (Sunday), *t 2 o'clock, at the funeral
>arloni of Cliarles H. J. Truman & Co.. 313
Jason street, between O'Farrell and Geary
ntennent at Palmyra, Pa.
ETn T ART— In this city. February 15. 1902.
An. Ann Stewart, widow of the late J c!
Stewart, arid dearly beloved mother of Mrs*
J. D. Holt Mrs. J. D. Murphy. Mr*. G
>o#6man. Mrs L. B. Gordon. Steven A.
-tewert and John C. Stewart, a native of
Jerwick. England, aced 77 years and 15
lays.
YLOR — In this city. February 15. iflo*»
ohn. beloved husband of Annie Taylor.^nd
tepfather of Maggie. Mary and Thoma*
Jreen. Mm. J. Mclntyre and the late Mr"
>ax»4 Murphy, n naUve of County CorkI
reland. need 49 years. >-"»»,Mr.Mihran's auction sales have always
been . instructive - and interesting, besides
being -profitable* to buyers,, but to-mor
row, at 2 p." m., at the 'opening of his auc
tion • at i his art 'rooms,' 232 Post Btrcet, ho
will bring out '-the. important- question'
which has. so much stirred the rug buyers
throughout? this. country, viz.. the' latelv
invented- injurious; process of doctorine
l he » r VK? }° -^ ake ;^em look like i antique.
Notwithstanding /.the -threats, and en
treaties^he.will expose the' matter thor
oughly for .the^enlightenment- and protec
tion ; of: the public, i No one interested in
rugs :or studying -rugs should: be absent
from this , sale ] to ; hear as well ;' as : secure
genuine antiques at { bona fide : aucUon.
Mihran's ¦ Grand ; Opening.
Rev. F. D. Bovard and Rev. E. P. Den
nett. Methodist -.Rev. "W. E. Vaughn and
Rev. E. J. Harper. Methodist South; Rev.
AV. M. White and Rev. J. J. Morgan.
Christian: Rev: Thomas Baldwin and Rev.
William Thomas. Baptist: Rev. Theodore
Burnham, and William Martin. Presbyte
rian: Rev. George C. Adams and R. H.
Chamberlain; Congregational. -
Co-operation in . the Interests of Cnro
tianlty is the announced purpose ox th«
organization. . ....
. Tho conference at which the federation
was crganized was composed of delegates
from the Methodist Epiacopal.-Methodist
South. ; Presbyterian. Baptist, •= Christian
and Congrgational churches. Th» matter
of organization was left. in the hands of
a committee made up as follows:
President. Professor C. S. Nash: first
vice president, the Rev. Thomas Baldwin:
second vice president, the Rev. Theodore
Burnham; secretary, the Rev. John C.
"Wooten ; treasurer, Dr.* Hiram Van Kirk.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— The recently or
ganized federation of churches, including
the six : principal - Protestant denomina
tions, has elected the following, named
officers io serve for the first . year:
tant* Denominations Concludes
Its Labors.
Committee Representing Six: Protes-
NEW CHURCH FEDEBATI0M"
" ELECTS ITS OITICEBS
*.* The ? ne vrl combination i ehaf t '. Is ; on tthe ' Flora.'
Morrison I ground near, the' old | Contention . shaft.
cutting > to ", water.5 level ;.»¦ through ;? shale ?^ and
quartzlte.iv Connections i have ' been : made ; with
1 old ** workings » of :j contigruous .'¦: property." ' ', The
1 hold Ings r of < the | consolidation 1 extend ' along ; the
strike . of ; the "i north ; and"» south J belt.'; carrying
parallel k ledges • which • widen * and .' narrow ;-" at
¦' The ! plans * of '¦ the ¦ management • contemplate
the installation: of a pumping plant at the. now
combination - shaft, ' now at •- 560 ¦ ¦ feet : depth,
which'^ Is i waters level,', then- sinking* Into- the
ore Bodies below water level to determine their
character, and extent."' 4 This . new ' shaft : is four
compartment, ¦¦ and s pumps : of , 1700 .'gallons 8 ca
pacity.'per-minute; will .be; placed .at the water
level = station. J They • are 1 to ¦. be * tandem "' com
pound triple-expansion. Power will be furnished
by 1 1 our t marlne . type , boilers; - twenty-two and ¦ a
half ; tons • each. 5 with. ¦ an eight-Inch ; steam 5 pips
connecting i them ?• with •„ station v- pumps. '-~..i The
16x60 ; hoisting l engine.' at i the* Grand i. Central
phaft'ls -being iraoved' to'the,new shaft '.to; do
the ! work •' there.* r ~ It ; is '.the reel ¦> type,
carrying i, flat 1 cable. v The f new* machinery, in
cluding ; pumps ; and <¦ an " air , compressor, .is '• ex
pected to.be on the ground .wlthln'a few. weeks."
Arizona,,? something definite . concernln&
the : " plans; for the . revival of ; minings at
Tombstone.*. According to his statements
the -Tombstone Consolidated - Mines Com
pany controls 90 per. cent of " the proper
ties • that formerly prodticed,^ including the
Grand 'Central of .¦ twenty-six claims. ¦ the
Contention 5 of ; four claims, : the ;• Tomb
stonei^M. & ;M.*: ; Company;': of :; eighteen
claims and : the. Head? Center;' of four
claims ; and < ten > other ? locations. - Concern
ing the plan of operations the correspond
ent? says: "•¦.-:."_¦;¦•¦"-.' "V :,--¦.,
When the new company's pumplnjr and hoist
ing equipment shall be ready; for operating if
the operations and . production go forward- as
expected.- it Is likely that a railroad will be
built - to Tombstone. .;. T .>'<MaMMH«MbuJL 1
different points. , The vein matter consists of
quartz, shale. . spar and clay, the pay ore' be-
In?, the shoots, chimneys and chambers: ' The
values ' are ¦ In , silver < chlorides, . free grold ' and
some lead. -. In the operations . of former years
the' high" grades were shipped - direct, to .the
smelters, the lower grades milled by free-mill
ing process, the several mills belnff near the
San Pedro Itlver, nine miles away. • The pre
sumption is that! the' ores below water level
will be found to be more of a sulphide In char
acter.-- The veins of: the camp are pretty well
opened : to the 300-foot level. '
Locations Show » Interest.
ent McMahon of the Butte lode at Rands
burg, the latest clean-up averaged $85 per
ton from 103 tons, which .was the amount
milled;- '-¦¦.-:,
; The Coif ax Sentinel says that consider r
able work has b,een done to-develnnthe
Daniel Webster quartz mine, near. Michi
gan Bluff. The shaft haareacheu'a depth
of 125 feet; . and a ' number of • drirts ; . and
crosscuts have been- made. : The
tors are ready to hydraulic- at the Para
gon mine, at Bath. Chamberlain & Cc».
have the . pipe Jaid and " monitors in place
to work gravel at the Pardanelles:mlne,
near Forest' Hill. '
- The • Sonora' .Union-Democrat ; ',. reports
that large lists of locations are •. recorded
from week : to week in Tuolumne . County,
and " that great activity "In : every; portion
of : ' Tuolumne's ; mining -field : is
Three - quartz • claims = recently ;- discovered
near Yankee Hill : have ¦ been - bonded ';- to
H. C.".' Kennedy ' of .San^Francisco. : Work
will- probably.^be:, resumed; soon ;at jithe
Buchanan mine. ".-; ,. ,-.,. .- . v •• v; ; ' .,
According to ' the .Amadorv Ledger "¦ a
five-year bond; has been; taken. "up on'stne
Kirkwood mine and operations ' will ¦ ¦ soon
be . resumed.*. The • Lincoln I mine * shaft K is
down : 1S30 feet. . A : depth of 2000; feet will
be . reached before drifting I is 'ibogun.^The
entire works at ..the- Keystone r, mine 'twill
probably* -be l run ,¦¦" with* compressed c- air.
Drifting: has revealed'; a : large s amount f of
low ¦ grade ore in ; the Bunker t Hill •? mine,*
which is considered to be too poor to mill.
Revivals of Tombstone. '.
A correspondent "of -the'; Mining, and
Scientific Press writes from ¦'Tombstone;
In explanation of the report that the Bullion
mine * at a Indian '¦ Creek • had ¦ been ''Jumped ? on
January- 1,!. be: It * known -that said mine was
Jumpable ' on * that date. . No ? assc sument vork
had. been done. • Three or: four .1 contestants had
planned ¦¦ to * do ; the j jumping '. act,, and ;' it was
wondered who would J come •1 out * ahead. * Of
these • people it r is believed r all , were on the
ground, r- Some 1 the • day a before; i so as • to ¦ take
time by the foretop and be in actual possession
. en .*• the '- ""ytic - hour • .was ,-• heralded £ by ,. the
clock. ,..On . this^ basis,. the report "i± went »'out:-
Loefner, &¦ Clary, : it transpires," were I there Un
behalf of .i the ; legal: heirs, of Caruthers. 'Yet
had r the 1 others , beeni: persistent r fellows t a'i law-',
suit ¦ might : even : then • have s been - the ; outcome/.
They, retired > with", good I graced however, 7 recog
nizing the legal . authority, of - Loeffler &. Clary, ¦
who> later., explained » their [position.t*-As , to the
Jumping of > the ' Fellowcraf t 'mine • at 5 San •»An
dreas, i the . law, alone : > will • determined the ' fact
whether It; was , in > fact ••-i'Jumped'-V or ' not. 5 The
case i.wlll no > doubt" be 4 dragged 1 , the
courts ( and j may 1 even- reach the I Department I of
the Interior before ' a decision is rendered.' „. The
question t of ; patented ? ground! and ; many - other
things will, be 'factors.'-; ..: ¦ -¦
"The .Calaveras ¦ Prospect • says concern
ing recent happenings In Calaveras
County: , >
It is. the intention of the management to
run> several < hundred * feet v farther;, south
on the vein try seek better ore. The: Zeila
mine, , which i has been shut : down for : • re
pairs - about two ' months, is : again * ready
t0run.1V,. .'¦¦.'':•. "..- •-,-.- „>-.-*-*,
The directors of the Moon Copper Com.
pany have voted to 'sink the shafts on
their, property at Buena Vista, Calaveras
County, an additional -100 feet "'¦by'- con
tract. . ' ¦¦:¦. -', . :. ;_¦;, ;. . ¦ - ¦¦¦ , -.. • ... ;
According to the report of . Superlhlend-
Butte County peach orchards' still are
looked upon with ' favor by the miners,
the * beginning of ¦ the exploitation of such
tracts . by dredging ; having ; led people - to
believe that they are reservoirs, of..pre
cious minerals. J. C. Gray- of I OroviUe
has discovered a ledpe four feet wide in
his peach orchard: The rock 1 Is reported
to assay r\c\\: , JSW/mggeBQggsaBBgg&gxaBt
The McAlpIne mine in Tuolumne Coun
ty, near Bis. Oak Flat, has been bonded
by E. B. Burdlck and others of Washing
ton. Th« Campo Seco Gold. Mining Com
pany will sink . a • double compartment
Bhaf t/ 115 feet - deep on its property near
Jamestown. The . Pino k Blanco quartz
tnlnc at Pino Blanco has. been deeded by
the Union Trust Company 'of San Fran
cisco to P.~ Chamberlain and J.; I*. ' Ross. ; .
' The . Snoozer mine on Russian 'Creek,
Stskiyou County, will be operated by ?»
local company, which hag: bonded the
property from Clark & Wyke. - E. North
cutt will reopen the Weidemann
liams ledge near Treka. on the north' fork
of the Oreenhorn."l*WP4R4P l BSaK9 l "V9£B
J. Brock, H. B. Budd and F. Godfrey,
who have a bond on the Swansee gravel
mine at Chlpps Flat, near Allephany,
Sierra County, expect to tap the old river
channel by extending the tunnel, which
is 2200 feet long already, another 150 feet.
The mine has been worked, off and on.
for forty years. J. W. Finney has a force
Finking the shaft nt the York mine In
Slug Canyon, near Downlevllle.
Work in Counties.
The New Idria Quicksilver Mining Com
pany In .San Benito County produced 4800
flasks of quicksilver last year, or 367,200
pounds. The total cash disbursements
¦were $169,855 66, of which amount the pay
roll was represented by $101,480 66. Tho
ore rained and treated amounted to 31.S60
tons. The cost of ore reduction per ton
was 64 cents and the cost per ton of min
ing was $1 82, including development work.
There is considerable stir in . quicksilver
properties In Sah Luis Oblspo County. A
group of quicksaver claims near Adelaide
has been sold t* Paso Robles parties by
L. J. Slnnard. Eighty acres of cinnabar
bearing land have been sold by E. Ladner
of Paso Robles. the tract, lying twelve
miles west from Paso Robles, for $10,000
to Los Angeles parties, - who propose to
erect a reduction plant very soon. The
Klau mines near Paso Robles are credit
ed with producing about 200 flasks of
quicksilver per month. A furnace will'
soon be completed at the Oceanic mine
near Cambria.
¦The statement of the Napa Consolidated
Quicksilver Mining Company for 1001 shows :
Total cash disbursements, $163,151 36; total
payroll $138,S9O 98; ore mined and treated.
33.S30 tons; quicksilver produced, 4800 flasks,
367,200 pounds; average yield, percentage,
.00541; cost per ton of mining ore, $2 82; roost
per ton of mining ore, .Including development
work, $3 SO; cost per ton of mining ore and re
duction, including general expense. $4 00; cost
per ton of ore reduction, t'.C cents; amount of
tunnels drifts and winzes excavated by con
tract. !MS8 feet; cost per foot, $2 43.
The statement of the Aetna Consolidated
Quicksilver Mining Company for 1901 shows:
Total cash disbursements. $16,S67 83; total pay
roll, $11,598 CO; quicksilver produced from
cleaning furnaces, 228 nasks. 17,442 pounds;
tunnels and drifts excavated, new . work. 1995
feet; old tunnels opened, 4384 feet: old winzes
opened, 63 feet; cost per foot for new work,
$4 87; cost per foot for opening old works,
Jl 05. The quicksilver produced was all from
cleaning up condensers, no ore . being . mined or
treated during the year. The mine work has
been entirely for development to open up new
ore body discovered through shallow surface
W Th e n^!tatement of the Boston Quicksilver
Mining Company for 1901 Bhows: Total cash
disbursements. $83,383 65; total payroll. $61,
420 29: ore mined and treated, 19,045 tons;
Quicksilver produced. 1545 flasks. 118, 192 >4
pounds; average yield, percentage. .0031; cost
of ore reduction per ton, 61 cents; cost of min
lne per ton, $2 14; cost of mining per ton. in
cluding development work, $2 58; amount of
tunnels drifts and winzes excavated, 2507 feet;
average' cost per foot development work. $2 50;
reopening and timbering old works. 871 feet.
A new furnace was completed and put into
service, the old furnace having been closed
down to be repaired during the coming year.
Annual reports have been received from
the quicksilver companies operating In
Napa County, from which the following
flg-ures and facts relating: : to the work
performed in » 1901 are taken:
Money in Quicksilver.
Though the total rainfall to date along the
mother lode Is probably not over half what it
was a year ago or anywhere near the average,
the water has been received at Intervals Instead
of all at once, and the work on the mines is
going ahead as usual. . Years ago such a dry
year would have caused considerable inconven
ience, but now there are so many reservoirs
and such extensive ditch systems that the run
for the season will probably be earned out
even should there be light rains from now on.
Where almost twenty-six inches of water has
been received heretofore, only about thirteen
inches have fallen. . .' .¦-.".
There is a general revival of. interest
in mining properties in Nevada County.
The Mining and Scientific Press, summar
izing the information received from Its
correspondents and from other sources,
says:
Nevada County Is already showing the effect
of th« Increased attention being given to gold
mining in the last month or two. For Bonne
years there has been no gain in the extent
oi or production from gold mining. If any
thing, the impression from a casual investiga
tion would be that the number 'of the mints
and their output was diminishing, some what.
Lately, however, there has been a notable . in
crease in new enterprises and "In reopening old
mines. Grass Valley and Nevada City districts,
while easily first in the extent of this favorable
change, have no exclusive possession of It. . . -
The old camps of Rough and Ready, French
Corral. North Bloomfield, Washington an<t
Meadow Lake, that in the lapse of years had
become all but abandoned, have taken on a
new period of life with the reopening of the
old mines. As mines are exploited to-day these
old mines are In ¦ their infancy. Some of the
supposed worked-out properties are found with
barely prospected cropplngs, though mills built
on them In the early hurry days of California
mining long since disappeared even as streaks
of rust. There is nothing but what is good to
be said of the present expanding gold mining
Industry of Nevada County. . X", - .
The Redding Searchlight hears that the
<Vynn- property on Clear Creek, Shasta
County, has been sold to a company for
dredging. The land is on a high fiat op
posite Horsetown. The tract has long
been considered quite rich in gold, but it
Is so situated as to be inaccessible to or
dinary methods of working. Water was
once raised to it from Clear Creek for
hydrau licking, and Chinamen have at
other times tried to work it, but the at
tempts were not successful.
The Stockton Independent says of the
water supply of the season on the mother
lode:
Nevada County Booming*
The disturbed condition of the copper
market is still a factor in diverting at
tention somewhat from the red metal to
gold. What Is the real purpose of the
parties who have been manipulating cop
per is not clearly understood, but it. is
evident that the great men In, the copper
Industry are not in line to permanently
depress the wares in which they deal.
There are rumors in Shasta County of a
consolidation of the copper properties in
that section, -but whether this has any
relation to the market can only be con
jectured.
In this State the trend toward gold
properties is extensive enough to attract
attention abroad. Gold is f not subject to
fluctuations such as have befallen copper
In the past few months. The industry, of
gold mining in California is in fine shape,
as all reports indicate. The water supply
in the mountains, while it has not been
as large as usual, has been distributed
favorably in point of time, and the facili
ties that the miners have provided for
themselves for, the storing and handling
of water- have made the shortage much
less serious than it would have been a
few. years ago. The notes of the week
Indicate activity in all directions. ,~///*:
Various Localities Report
That Operators Are
Doing WelL
Troubles of Copp er Give
Impulse to Search
for Gold.
YELLOW METAL
IN HIGH FAVOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ..SUNDAY, FEBRITARY 1G, 1902J
40
HAVF '
llri f Li
li M 11 "¦ -^
The Greatest Week for Piano
Buyers Ever Known in the
West.
¦
The Entire Wholesale Stock
of the Eilers Piano Go.
Offered on the Altar of
Reduction.
Prices That Will Make the
Six Days of This Week
the Most Wonderful Piano
Days Oo Record.
The following will give you an ink-
ling cf what this, the greatest of piano-
selling events, really means:
Think of brand-new mahogany or
oak cased fancy upright pianos, retail-
ing everywhere for $300 and $.T25, now
selling for $183, and others in plain
cases for even less money.
Choice new fancy mottled walnut and
mahogany cased, largest sized regular
?375 and $400 styles, now selling for
$227. }-¦¦
The very finest fancy mahogany cab-
inet gr2nd sample pianos, with all the
latest improvements, including the
finest Wessel. Nickel & Gross action,
retail $400 and $475, now selling for
Persons Bring at a distance may safe-
ly purchase by correspondence or long-
distance* telephone, as we agree to pay
'freight both ways on any instrument
that does not prove absolutely as repre-
sented or satisfactory. But prompt at-
tention will be necessary to secure
choice.
NWIs the Chance of
a lifetime
To buy the piano that you have been
figuring on for so long. Of course this
saie has come suddenly, and we know
that every one will not be prepared to
take advantage of a chance like this on a
moment's notice, hence we shall sell
on extremely liberal terms to those who
<io not wish to pay cash.
To-morrow morning when you have
finished breakfast take that $20 or $25
you have put away and go straight to
Pommer-Eilers Music Co.'s sales-
rooms.
The Immense Whole*
sale Stock of Eilers
Piano Co.
Has been thrown on the market ' at
prices lower than have ever been quoted
in this or any other city. Stern neces-
sity compels this price-cutting. We
must have all of the old stock out of
the way before the arrival of our new
goods that are now en route. Every
instrument now on hand is to be closed
out so that by March 1 we can com-
mence business with an entirely new
stock of goods, direct from the various
factories, which is now beine selected in
the East by our Mr. Henry filers' and
shipped under his personal direction.
The longer you delay your selection
of that lorrg-talked-of piano the less of
a variety will you have to choose from.
Do not procrastinate, but come quick.
Pommer=
Eilers
653 Market St.
COPPOSITE LOTTA FOUNTAIN.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Come Up and See What a Fine View We Have of the New Styles. x 'n^^0^0^
' Anrimportant Easter, exhibit and sale.' : And a most helpful one. That's vvhy we planned it so early; on such a broadscale and with such l^fitiWtm^Sk
We like to be first. f It .makes you think more of us. '. Then, in ; ad- : Here's ,VtKe secret: But firrt. Did you know that Hale's was" one *¦*$*{[ \ V ;\ '
dition, to have just what you like means a still greater measure of of the fortunate silk-aml-dress-goods stores of the country? The 1 ,^^7) \\
goodwill. . '• . ' :¦¦'.-- " -.'¦N- •¦¦•: /¦'; . great" quantity, we. buy for, these six stores gains for'us the good graces k'^iP{W\s 'l^ifvs ' ) •
But to get what ivpu like has taken years of toil and r travel and, -/of 1 manufacturers; ;' They take* us' behind the scenes.. We see what 5 -• V % ™ / Tk\ If
hard work. It's an easy thing to fill a store with goods— but to sell coming before it comes. We have a chance to pick what we want ' //^/^^^fc^^t^uv
-them (and keep 1 on selling them), that's, the, test. /Every store in the .first. .Then, we buy so. much.they. can afford not to sell the same w([)^J*&^^M2&!
city has grenadines, but women who Icok around. coriie,*here to. buv.. •, thing; in » our section. That's how we get such pretty styles and. low v^^r^t \\v>^'
There's. a something about 'our patterns > that just suits them— a dis- prices./: . . •,. . .... - • ... |[ t |V| \tfC
¦ tinctiveness that makes them stand out. •¦ . :. But see them for yourselves. , It's a treat. g A' k\ \ yAt
'The^'Entipe. Window Fpoiitl^ .f . !>/ l|\ ••
Four to silks, four to dress goods.' ; We are told it is the grandest display of thekind ever seen' in San Francisco — even surpass- • .'¦, /// I'lll |\(
ing the gorgeous showing; we made last fall. ;A few women got a peep at it yesterday. They^ said it was: better: than a fashion-book. -'i! ? Ill _ fk\\ mV\
p^^p|§i||sp^^^^S§^^tH^|[^8^|^i^2 < |: fllfflL .••
The new materials will all be soft clinffins: Stuffs, .:. ..More popular than even The' new" styles are printed on, heavy k I ill '/JlliW&V'
• • , ,. ¦; ¦ . satin : hberty ; .Rrounds. in .medium or large designs. Patterns and col- . if If • III ////ylrawVV^S.
including: ¦ orinps carefully selected and are ] positively exclusive with us. x The ' # ////<*» /J/jm^t iSj^^
•Mistral : .Albatross / >- Valles. designs make this fabric very popular. Others at $1.00 and $1.23 yard. V//A '->^^^^&^^%s^
Etamines _ ' ; - /.Russian Crash; : ; "; Veilings, etc! . ' . , --/ P/audeSoie 85c Yird. • ' / '?^a^V>A^ v iSj i^^^x 1
But for" tailor .suits -Venetian -.cloths*: take -the first place. ; Many " 20. inches Vide. .Comes in all the new spring colorings. !>& (i&Z J?ilW*| 1\\ y^\
new colors this season, the tendency beiftg toward lighter: shades.^ ,- " V, ' Crt'e ' de Chine-$lOO : Ya'd. «0%wXl\ f I IW A^^^^S.
I S' k. Wool. Crete Sl.tO. . . 25 inches wide, of good, firm texture, with bright finish; the best made. SS\/^ II 1 1 \\ Ml AW^fJSffi^^ 5^^
, One of the very popular fancy ,weaves for this season, 44 inches wide. . r ' <TU ir l> r.rsn ./f/wc « , nr, V,*4 - : >^V> // \\ til \ ' ; 1H''^>^^CTW\%^S.^-*
Comes in castor, porcelain, reseda,, rose,- cardinal, blue. . Diacz Uretl tames $1 OO I net. /^(/H \\_J \\ U^^^rtilV^^V^^/^
*\A cinr <Z,,iih'ir<£ , nn V ~4 ~ - ' v . ,J: '-¦¦ The correct thing this season, so says Dame Fashion. They come in - //' j^lJ/rSf^i^^^fTwm ill \M WWWv^^^r '
, . cMStra/ Suttl' g SlOO Y -r.1. : ; - -• .; plain stripe, check and brocaded designs.. This one in a satin stripe is 44 *fJr'i& WWl^C\\m M W V*.W^*Tl
Anew creation forthe coming spring— a lightweight, crepe-lilie sur- : inches wide and a very special value at $1.00 yard. ¦."-.: •-. . _. Cm 'II til I 11/ Hi Hl\\ \\\vVlu/ '»« V\\ HI
faced fabric, 45 inches wide. Comes in the popular shades. - • A heavier quality in a brocaded design; 44 inches, is $1.50. ill i/h M //| \\\\\ \\\m\f .l'\ W
E ! mwt $1.00 and $r2sY>id . j .' FineFrmch Mike [ $2.od to $350 Yard. -. ¦ \H\'^^ffial^^^
A plain ground with self-colored stripes. 44 inches. Comes in all the - An exquisite creation with applique designs on mousseline de sole -^§!5i "A J^s^SJ^^MJggwSOJWffr -
new colors. One of the most popular spring fabrics. . • " grounds; 44 inches wide. ..^ • » ~*"" " '"!"¦ mm ~. -
'fiW'w B sk- We<vs\$i co Y ['rSMm, ; '.'Blnck Taffeta 75c Yird. o— -— - — . „ . *?
45 inches wide. , The line includes all the new and popular colorings. . A 27-inch Swiss taffeta. Very fine quality for linings. .* ¦"- ;'.. • .' -TflffCtfl . SllTI LUllllj^ "C, IflfU.
\ TV W ..Ve.';et:ans ¦'{$ I joY'd. ¦¦¦¦. }¦',-- IVtsh 7 [fetiy^C. . \ Regular "price I2^c. ' Comes in black»
Extra heavy quality; an always popular fabric; 46 inches wide. Come - A brocaded taffeta, in small designs, 19 . inches wide; 12 best shades' i6 inches wide, iooo yards. 1
in new colors.. To be found only at Hale's. .-• :, • I to select from. . -. - O"
show"of po riSSr~Lacesthe Center of I nterest
We Never Had ' . To-morrow thz first big -spread. (Many \ new and beautiful
..It's to get more women acquainted with us; with the : SSSP -\tvbsfrrmh~nmpnnAnhrnnA ' : ' v
,. ,. , . , - , . -. r ¦ . i - -oiyieit iTum nn/iie anil' qutuuh.
fine big stock we carry; with the superior service we render - - •¦- ¦¦•' - ¦;¦ • • - ¦;•-¦' - •¦¦••¦• /;- :
and the low prices we ask. "¦- .•;;' Fashion says "Laces." We must all obey. Our latest adyices from New York say that, the
c . . . . . . , :~~" T 7~ ~~ . - ,' , . dresses just landed from Paris made, bv those famous creators— =-Callet, Sarah Mayer, Paquin
Extra space has been taken on mam floor,. where we ve made ~ J . ¦¦ . - - ' J
an- elaborate spread of every sort of hair goods we have: or Doucet— are richly .trimmed with laces, lace all-overs and embroidered all-overs.
° M/h*r* Pic* °— Wi 6s _-.. —Transformation Pieces We knew a big lac e season was coming. That's why we Black and cream ChantiUy insertions at SOc. 65c.
rr nere n.lb& —Half Wigs — Pompadour Set3 got somuch so early. ' Toe, Spi.OO.
IS —Hair Rolls —Water Waves -Pin Curls Now as you come to enjoy the^Easter silks and _ dress T . w k Escurial galloons at 50c 75c 83c 81.00
Surh ' n 1/nrMn? ¦ ¦ ¦ -tJanicc Meredith Neck Curls {Sw^r^hSt^™^ ill !in° n^ !r Cream and black EsSnrlal all-overs' at §i.50.>1.75,-
OllOll d yuTieiyf _ .¦<¦• '^ * ,. - this.lnsh Crochet; comes in all-overs with galloons to «•> - n . «« oft
O — 1 But better than all— match. Also ecru and : cream Venise galloons and ap- *— * '° and ?tI<OUt
X'CL :j- t! £ r™»' ¦' : -""£? ¦'• *¦ _a <~+ 1 J pliques, as well as : Nottinghams and Fillet insertion gal- But we cannot. co any further till we have told you
PWltCtieS OI tlVery «^IZe and bhaue loons.S5c,35c.-5Oc,65c.T5c;S5c. . about this bargain: • v %'-
Greater variety than we've seen in San Francisco— from rarest blonde \_ _ jC'_^^ >p^ _ -.1^ jl: I WT^^J-l-, O \~ *¦* ~* J\ w i* '
8^?^^^ Wortn 03C and ioc.
XJM GKAY- SWITCHES, and they are not as. costly as. you think— splen- %J -,]¦.¦ . : . . °
did ones at $1.50! But as shades Ret rarer and hair longer prices do. too— 3000 yards ready to-morrow .morning, 2 and 4 inches wide, with insertion 1 to 2 inches wide, in a new popular
up to $20.00. . lin^n shade. Quite the thing for trimming muslin underclothes and baby dresses. A splendid assortment of patterns.
1 Other good switches at $1.00. First quality: German, hair- switches ; ' - m. rV '.. .. • \ r * • - *
g-sj-te $3.50 and ss.oo.' Best quality French hair $2.00. $2.^0, $4.00, .'/ New Patterns in Valenciennes Laces.
$0.00. lhe naturally wa\T switches are $4.00, $6.00, $10.00, $12.00. ' ,, r , , , ,. , , . • x . . ..«. \ , , . . 4 .
Not" an. old one among them; not one that isn't of clean human hair. . We bought them direct— that s why the patterns are so new and.different from any one else s— and the onces
r-k — ! : r» " Nn rhin/»c^ Hoin Hf*n^ are so reasonable - , ¦ ¦'. ¦'•¦ " i '..",
It's (liinlitv\ WllinCSC naiP nerv< 25c Dozen Yards— French Valenciennes lace, % to % Inch 45c Dozen Yards— French Valenciennes lace and Insertion.
,b o y^wnj' _ 5 ¦ _ ... .' ... -,. wide, and insertions and beading % to % of an inch. % to 1 inch wide. v -
1A/Sn> worth a good deal to know, that your switch wont 3 - e Dozen Yards— French Valenciennes lace Vi to 1 inch 3Oc Dozen Yards— French Valenciennes lace and Insertion,
vr t> t? i 0S e Its color or fineness or silkiness. Our hair comes from ~ wide, and Insertions, % to 1 inch. - r ¦ - - - . % to 1 Inch wide.
Pmudest Of France and Germany, where it's cut fromthepeasantgirls* 4<>c Dozen Yards— French Valenciennes lace and Insertion. 55e Dozen. Yards— French Valenciennes lace and Insertion.
i f uuLiQOt \si '. ¦ ... .¦• ¦ ;.. v toivi. inches ¦wide. .." • .< ¦-• 1 to lVs inches wide.
i j q heads as they gather at fair time, each year^ . A •- - -. . '. --^^, m^^ mmm m^^ w^mm^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^m^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^m^m
9— ' r i ° Not onl y g° od hair l5 i nere but so'o'd saleswomen to wait on \ ¦ V''"-.V ' '. .* .- •o-w >» /*,/%
\ Expert SdU S\ you. All are thoroughly experienced; competent t<T take or- /^T [^^-^-''^'^m w\ >-w V-% sm CL -4- <+ ** -fc--«- **
1-I*1h ders, offer suggestions or assist patrons in getting the par- '" (TlJ^ f nTI § SrPVfe.Si IT^
| neip. I ticular article they may need. , WVf L'JL'V/ll JL—^ JL ! WaZ?^^ 4^i>Mll^
Q O ¦ . .- . ' - ... • M " >'¦....'¦.• -"¦'•'.'•¦¦- *¦".•.-'¦ ¦ - ¦'',"-*
It isn't a sale we are after so much as satisfaction,'' though such ' offers " • //>»»»»//<»»*'' "Th/m C-» »^
as these are boundto make a sale. . ' . . . LQMUer . 1 Hdll tOX.
Wavy Pompadour Front Pieces $1. You'ireiijoy seeing^m^m^y^^^^^^0^^ '
same we-ve be en^Sg^t r £S;a I nd E $2S! l m Ide TI o 1 f E *good hair, fuii :and -0 ¦ The common flowered.and . conventionalvdesigns have given way to STRIPES; plain
fluffy— carefully dressed in a loose but graceful style— very artistic, 16 Inches ctrinp<; ccvtApA ctrinpc Drp<?Hpn <;trinf»«: TIipv arp tint nrintprl hut WOVFM Ynu'vp nn'iHea
long, extending from ear to ear. , of course we've hosts of others in every bin P es > coraea stripes, uresuen sinpes. i ne\ are noi pnniea, dui vvuvr,iN. i ou ve no mea
shade. "• g ¦ •* bow "fetchingly pretty, stripes can be made.
Pom'padOUr ROIIS, We .iV^ake, : 25C. Simple? Yes, but simplicity is strength.
- . monday for the first TivE. ; ¦ One of the newest is a chambray effect in stripes.
Many of them worth 50c; half price; and the cleanest purest human hair ->, , -*.. •' T . *" > - , • „ /,.,,•«» v . • «« • «
there is. Made ud right here in store (sterilized for 8 hours); free from, the' ' Colors? Linen comes first, then coffee (a light shade of tan), then ecru, green, blue, pink,
danger accruing from factory made pieces. . . -. . ;- , , . .,, . .-¦ ,. , ; > , .. A A t-- • HH'Ji
_C. >-» | O -P-P cream, red. These of course with white, \vhich seems to lead stro nger this spring than ever.
r»n C^tirlS 25C. ¦•'; .^ r^UTIS 25c. . The tissue-like stuffs i are in majority.' They suggest no end to pretty dresses one may
to a a e well A dSed n h C e e ad Sary adJUnCt ever? shaS W??'??? - Here's a LORAINE EGYPTIAN .TISSUE. .Some Swisses— Soft, rich, lovely, with their white lacy stripes ;
' / '•, class it with RinKhams. : It is. but minus the heaviness of ' in combination with tans, green, pink, blue-or Ted,
4-Piece Gold-PIated Rin K harr 1 texture^asc a yard. , - J , r . fl . , are the .very, center Joi attraction. -
Y^lrwii n +• RiiV4-4->iU Ca+> w . Other Novelty and ; beautiful, .with Th e , Q H f h eve ry-day stuffs-
Collar button, bets 15c..;- f^^t^^^^^s^ M^^i^M^BF^l 1 1
tons for the cuffs. ' Ringhams. : . Galatea Cloth 15c— 29 inches.
t - . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . * ¦ ¦ ' ¦'. ¦ " ' . , ¦ . ¦ . ¦¦¦';. ;• ' - , Silk Mulls— Have .a modesty and beauty that's charminjr. Dress Cheviots l-Sc — Pretty checks and stripes, many of
v ~ ~~~ ~ ~~" T~ \ .. _ ¦ ¦ • -.-. , ¦ .... v The sheer texture' and the dainty colorings them in new chambray effects. ','
Qnj/^ f\l A/lAfl C M 5 ti+'i' C ened now and then with silk polka dots or hem- Corded Lawns l()c. f
>I/dLlC Ul ifiVll d Ollli Id* j stitched stripes at regular, intervals make one / long for linen lawns lOc — With pretty colored dots bobbin}?
• ¦' . ' '• ' .¦¦-¦;-¦-¦•¦'-¦•- \ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦..¦ ¦¦ • - ; the evening party. 50c yard. '. ' . ' ' up here and there..
35c: White Unlaundered Shirts— ir 1 7 ' ""*" • * ¦•."-.:;.-: • /** °J ' J& f**"
Good washable muslin, linen bosoms, reinforced front and back. (T\ j|f> Ijffi CT "f H t{ H C[. "ffTI £wi C f\ H™ d
seams arc all double, continuous facing, split neckbands. .r^c each V V ill 1 1 |L^ I 11 .^5 J fLU M " - tf*H 1 S Vtn^m IO jl m
"* or three for $1 OO Everv size J ¦¦•.-¦' » » .^ .^.^^ ** *<, ; v ; ¦^¦^ ' . * 1 ".*'.,.^ ¦ .^mr*mr jm. . vm*m %^-*t> m Q
At 43c-^-Unlaundered shirts,, of New York mill's muslin. It's a T r h#=k c,.!f c TTKjf* f*r\o-#-«? '*
shirt for fit and service that cannot be- improved. Every weak * I1C^V UI >*>* * IIC woai? >» - . ¦ ;
partis protected and reinforced.. One of the best values we i?0.45^Were $io.oo,: $12.75, $J3-7S, V$I4-7S- > Many $5.OO— Were $5-75- .Box coats, tan and navy, or ker- ':
can i?et. Evervj.size. 14 v to 17. \ s styles:. .Venetian, cheviot, all-wool : covert cloths. sey, cloth, lined with silk serfje; 27 inches long;
p?K/-»- Whiff I Sundered Shii»t<5— - ' tans, grays and browns. A broken assortment. ' three sizes only— 40, 42, 44.
55C: White Launaerea OnirtS . IF your, size is here there -. is ¦:. a bargain for ?9.75_Were $10.00, , $12.75/ $13.50, $x6.so. $i& 7 ?.
Splendid mushn.hnen; bosoms, reinforced front, and back, with you.. . . $22.50. TheyVe the last of severalof the season's
continuous facine. gussets, split neckbands, continuous bosoms. 91^.75— We're $14.75,, $16.50. In this lot are chev-. best styles. Short jackets and 27*-inch box coats.
Every size, 14 to 17. ¦". ; . iots.- homespuns and Venetians. Some of them in tans, navies, castor and black. Some with
60c: Gol? Shirts— • a rt trimmed with taffeta, others :tailor. stitching.- . satin. ; others with taffeta lining. Many of them *
Made with those, delicate lace stripes/ bosoms heavy "percale: - Some of the_jackets are lined with silk, others' finished with- stitching, stitched straps or velvet
It's a prettier, and better shirt: than -you usually find forthe money. \l w.th,. satin. Black., brown -and gray. Not every Fully a^dozen different styles, large and small
S7«Turifrom u to 16 in men's ' size in any one thing, but 'a good run of sizes as sizes, though not- all sizes of each kind. One
The Boys' Sizes, 13 to 13^, at, 5Oc. . a whole. . price to clear them out— $9.75. ;
$1.00: Laundered Percale Shirts- . ; j* ../=pr. JF3T f?W ° Map . . <;+• 9 n ; ¦'• ' • ¦ <
With two pairs of link cuffs. . W&ML&M t^en^ //W if* Market M., Y n n^A W,c1,;«^n«'c RI^I,^^
The newest and prettiesf thing we have for men. They're made jS^ ML /f^> Near 6th » V . I ' W ? Shm^tOO S Birthday
of Garner's percale. That is enough for the quality. It is the shirt. /Jm /Mff OS^Hi* KmS^' <SaSr«> ' finn C.n\t\on " Saturday We give you this
of all shirts for comfort. Cut to fit. .Made with all the latest im- , /£!& iBH/^^^^ 888^ 1 ' "Oiuen notice so you II do your Saturday
provements. ; . ' \ * '. , •;. >; -^£Z@&ah tintiti&Z^ Gate Ave. jbuymg before Saturday comes.