EASTERN FINANCIER WHO
WILL, INVEST MILLIONS IN
' SAN. FRANCISCO. - \ VV,7 .',
MEMBERS OF THE MURDERED GIRL'S FAMILY ENTERING THE
CALIFORNIA - STREET METHODIST CHURCH TO ATTEND THE
FUNERAL SERVICES OVER THE REMAINS OF THEIR LOVED ONE.
Continued on Page Two.
.Never before had a tragedy touched the
life 'of that- church and never before had
he been called upon to express sorrow
such as had been occasioned by
the horrible deed. Mrs! v. Fuller ' and
her family "- haS * been' related to that
church for three years and Nora had also
been a constant, interested and faithful
member of- their Sunday-school, a mem
ber of the Epworth League and since last
summer a probationary member of the
church: She "always conducted herself as
a little lady and in heart and in mind of
Never since the death of Blanche.La
mont, said Mr. Bane, has there been a
, case so revolting, so sad as that, which
has centered all interest in the city these
past few days. At no time has there
come a sorrow which has elicited such
universal grief, and If he, the pastor,
could speak for the bereaved family, they
would be words of the greatest gratitude
for the tenderness and . kindness which
.have come to them from the people of
San Francisco.
Mr. Bane delivered an eloquent and pro
found address, dealing not alone with the
fiend whose crime has stirred the whole
land, but also with the duties of the
parent toward the child and the child's
loyalty to the parent. His tribute to the
virtue and the lovable nature of Nora
Fuller, his pride in the remembrance that
she had forfeited her young life in de
fense of her honor were brought out dis
tinctly, pointedly and with touching af
fection. • "
Pastor's Eloquent Tribute. '
At the conclusion of the hymn the Rev.
"Father, we need thy comfort, thy-sus
taining grace under the shadow which has
been cast. Help us this day to take com
fort. We realize when affliction presseth
heaviest about us God's presence is near
est: then, with great affection, we look up
to thee to find peace and consolation. .We
thank thee, O Lord, that the grave has
become an open way to elernal glory,' and
now. Our Father, we ask thy special, ten
der care for the afflicted ones.': Bethou
a comfort to them and may they, not bury
their hearts in the dust of the earth, but
follow the Spirit. This sad affliction, this
awful tragedy Is a lesson to this commu
nity, and, O Lord, assist those to find
him upon whose hand rests the blood of
this child. We pray thee that his hiding
place may soon be known, and that-we
may be more careful, more watchful over
those we" love that , such a' sorrow may
never again come over this city." "
After the prayer, Mrs. T. J. .Strawbridge
rendered "Moment by Moment," rwhlch
was followed by Scripture reading and the
singing of the beautiful hymn, "Rock of
Ages."
The following prayer was then off ersd
by the Rev. Mr. Bane, the whole congre
gation along the aisles and on the stales
in the passages and in the spacious gal
lery kneeling:
The congregation at the request of the
pastor joined in the hymn, "Jesus, Lover
or My Soul," and during the singing many
who had stoutly suppressed their emotion
burst into audible weeping.
railings in front of the altar were twiner]
daisies and evergreens and here and
\ there rested tiny bunches of violet?,
brought by some of the little girl, com
panions whom Nora loved so welL
ligious orfranizations were massed. The
The mournful procession was led by the
Rev. A- C. Bane, pastor of the church;
then came the casket, followed, by Mrs.
Fuller, supported by her son, Lewis Par
lane. Following were Mrs. Fuller's
young children, Sybil and Wilfred, in the
•watchful and kindly care of the Rev. W.
6. Sadler, Mrs. Sadler and Mrs. Charlton
Kdholm. The casket was reverently
placed at the altar, where wreaths from
Sunday schocfl friends and floral offerings
from the Kpworth League an( j other re-
evident in their outspoken words of con
demnation agBinst the lawless and the
lecherous, the Insultcrs of women and the
debased defilers of domestic sanctity.
¦While there was an absence of hys
terical excitement, women and girls -wept
and men were visibly affected. Old wo
men, bent with age, showed their grief,
and strong men gave way as the gray,
plush-covered casket was borne into the
church by six youths— gentle boys who
had played side by ; side with poor Nora
and had attended Sunday-school with her
for three years of her young life.
Procession to the Altar.
shocking crime in their midst made itself
THE funeral of murdered Xora Fuller
took place yesterday. It was held
from the Methodist Episcopal
Church, on California and Broderick
streets. Shortly before the an
nounced time the body, escorted by
Mrs. Fuller and her Infant son, Wilfred;
X^wis. the eldest of the family: Sybil, her
only remaining daughter, and several in
timate friends, arrived at the church.
Around the doors were hundreds of men.
•women and children, and within the sa
cred edifice v.-erc people numbering not
less than 2000, most of whom were assem
bled not from mere curiosity nor morbid
sentimentality, but who were there to
chow and give to the bereaved mother in
the moments of her supreme anguish that
close friendship and heartfelt sympathy
•which the people of this city hasten to
offer In all times of domestic trial. It was
a. congregation of •weeping people, an as
scmblage of good Christian citizens,
•whose indignation at the horror of a
> General ; Brooke;walkecl to the landing
float at • GoVerrior's^' Island with/ an aid
and . met the German -_rear admiral as he
landed from ,/ the tug. The , party-pro
ceeded I to the , headquarters - of ;. the com-'
mander of' the "Department of the East,
.The marines along the •, quay presented
arms, the band' played "The Star-Spangled
i Banner" and the admiral arid f his suite,
after saluting the marines from the bridge
of ! the T Narkeeta, steamed away for Gov
ernors 'island. ; '.. ; . : ' '•-'-"¦.' . '.5
The Columbia, flying the admiral's pen
nant at the' main truck and the German
naval colors j at the^ fore, ,-flred a salute of
thirteen guns from its forward battery
as the guests departed.
German Colors at the Fore.
Rear Admiral Barker received his vis
ltors, assisted by Captain Joseph Coghlan
and Commander West. . The party im
mediately went to the admiral's residence,
where they ,' remained for a quarter of an
hour. After the usual' civilities had been
exchanged the German admiral and ;his
suite were escorted back ; to the landing
by the admiral and his aids. > ,
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.-Rear.. Admiral
yon Baudissln, commander of the- German
Imperial yacht Hohenzollern,' accompanied
by his chief of staff,'. Lieutenant Fritz
Rebensburg, and K. Buenz,; the German
Consul General at this city, returned to
day the official calls madq yesterday
afternoon, j The first, visit; was : made to
Rear Admiral Barker, commandant of the
navy yard. This was followed by formal
calls on Major General Brooke, command
ing, the Department.*of the East, and on
the Mayor of New York at the City Hall.
The rear-admiral was in full uniform
He wore a dress suit of blue,. heavily em.
broidered on each cuff of his coat. He
wore a number of declarations, among
them the badge of the order of th« -Black
Eagle of Prussia, the badge of the Guel«
phic Order ot Hanover and the badge of
the order of the Crown of Wurtemburs.
Under a plainblack bowhe wore the in
signia of /the order of the s Iron Cross/
Lieutenant Rebensburg also wore the Iron
Cross. The party left the Hohenzollern
on the navy yard tug j Narkeela". ¦ A de
tachment of^ fifty marines, under com
mand of Captain Theodore P. KaneY was
lined up in front of, the landing. stage at
the navy yard and the band of the marine
corps played "ThejWatch on the* 1 Rhine,"
as the party disembarked; there. . •
Admiral Returns Calls.
Besides annoying Admiral Dewey in this
manner the German vice, admiral was
continually ordering his . ships to visit
points where the insurgents were oper
ating.
Two German ¦ men-of-war arrived at
Manila within two weeks after the an
nihilation of the Spanish squadron, and
they were _ soon reinforced by." two others
•frprn" •Kiauchau,' -VipgoiVd.njlrai^vbnLbled;
rfchs ' arriving on June 17. W Subsequently
another German man-of-war reached
•Manila. ' ' The Germans then had a squadr
ron of five cruisersin the harbor.. Though
the admiral had proclaimed a blockade
at Manila, Vice Admiral ; von Diedrlchs
was continually authorizing his vessels to
move in such a manner as to interrupt
the operations of the blockading fleet. Ap
prehension was felt on the American ships
that the Spanish jj torpedo-boats, which
had sought, refuge up the Pasig River,
would sneak outsat night and torpedo one
of the blockading squadron. , It was cus
tomary for the German ships to lower
their launches after dark and for these
little craft to steam about the harbor.
This was injurious to the morale of the
American vessels and was resented .by
Admiral Dewey. A belief also existed on
board the American ships that the Ger
man launches were' comnvunicatlng with
the Spanish authorities. .1- ¦
CALL BUREAuT~1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— A lengthy
letter has 'been forwarded to Admiral
Dewey..- by Prince Henry of . Priiss'a.
Prince Henry admits that . the Germans
made errors in the situation' at ' Manila,
and that Admiral Dewey "was right and
acted best in all things. Admiral Dewey
will send a representative tb\New York
to receive Prince Henry for him, as the
Serious condition of Mrs. Dewey's health
will prevent him from being there In per
son. It is expected' that Admiral Dewey
will furnish the Navy Department with a
copy and will make an official reply to
Prince Henry.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Commander of the Imperial Yacht at
New York Returns Calls on
Representatives of , the ,
Army and Navy.
Admits the American i^dmiral
Was'Ri ght and A cted Best <
n All Thing?.
Rev. Dr. Bane Delivers
Touching Sermon
at Funeral.
Writes Letter to Dewey
Concerning- Events
at Mania..
Victim of the Strangler
Is Laid to Rest at
Cypress Lawn.
PRINCE HENRY
SAYS GERMANS
MADE ERRORS
GREAT THRONG ATTENDS NORA FULLER'S FUNERAL
AND MANY BJJ.W1N SYMPATHETIC SORROW WITH
WEEPING MOTHER AT GRAVE OF MURDERED CHILD
INTENDS TO INVEST MANY MILLIONS IN THIS CITY
Many millions are to as invested in (his city by a syndicate, of which J*Pierpont K Nlorgan of^ A new hotel ant! theater
and a scars of hnndsoms strusturss will be erected in the business -section of Sah Franciscom Architect Frank S* Van Trees has b sen engaged
to draw plans for the n&w buildings* The firm of Bovse, Toy & Sonntag has been directed by Eastern agents to negotiate for choice pieces of prop
erty. • Unsightly houses are to be torn down and magnificent buildings substituted. /
BIG SYNDICATE HEADED BY J. PIERPONT MORGAN
CONSTANTINOPLE. Feb 13.— Warrants
have been issued for the arrest of Princes
Lutfullah and Sabahaddin, sons of DamaJ
Mahmud Pasha, the Sultan's brother-in
law, and other prominent Turkish fugi
tives, who are charged with organizing
at the Prince's headquarters in Pa~is a
conspiracy to overthrow the Sultan. They
will probably be sentenced to death by de
fault, as was recently done in the case
of Damad Mahmud Paaha- 3MWHB
Into a Conspiracy to Over
throw the Sultan.
They Are Accused of Having Entered
PROMINENT TURKS IXEE
TO AVOID BEING ARRESTED
r rv rtrirrtttt ft rr< it i vnv w
painted sleighs, the boys yelling lustily as
they. charged down the approach. Prince
Henry, pink-cheeked, lithe and athletic,
appeared to be in fit condition for the
hard campaign of dinners and . receptions
that await him on the other side of the
Atlantic' The crowded programme rather
dismays some of the members of the
Prince's suite, but Prince Henry looks for
ward to a genuine holiday, during which
he is going to have a good time, as well
as one which will give him many vr .aablti
fresh impressions.
: .i Prince Henry spent the v morning read-
Ing ?; President 'Roosevelt's" ;, "American
Ideals,'! arid . during the -afternoon 1 he
coasted on. the hill r at the back /of the
castle, over; a slope which : has been the
scene of- a_ hundred fierce fights. Prince
Henry,, his 'adjutant. Count v«jn Egidy,
and two "of ¦ the " little princes were on ua-
Beading ; "American Ideals."
When asked if the steamer, could not
leave 1 Bremen at an earlier hour,. Prince
Henry replied that he was unable- to
change the sailing hour of the Kronprinz
Wilhelm; but he said she would do her
best to reach New York early on Satur
day,."February 22. The Kronprinz Wil
helm. is; not chartered by Prince Henry.
He and hls f party go slniply aspassengera,
and it is too late now to t notify the hun
dreds of other passengers that the steam
er,'would sail twelve hours earlier than
heretofore announced, as she •would have
to 'do, in order ., to ; catch /.the tide. . " Herr
Weigand' & view of the case is not shared
by the commander of the Kronprinz ,W,il
helm." The latter .thinks- the steamer can
reach New York by midday,. February 22.
of the - municipal welcome and the pre
sentation to the Prince of the freedom of
the. city of New York.
It is known, -however, that the firm of
which Mr. Sonntag Is a member has been
instructed, as appears In the .foregoing.
and Increased activity in the realty mar
ket will be the result.
Mr. Sonntag was also reticent. He said
he would be violating his agreement if ha
spoke about the ! matter. He admitted.
however, that the Interests of New Tork
people were getting to be very heavy here.
He stated that some people were in this
city some. months ago to look over the
ground and had returned East. Mr.
Sonntag stated- that he was Interested in
the welfare of San Francisco and was
glad to see the city Improving. Mr. Sonn
tag said his firm represented certain peo
ple of New York, but be would not say
,who they were.
•what style they would be or where they
would be located. k V
.Mr. Van Trees was loath to discuss the
matter.. He said the entire affair wa3 in.
embryo J and would not be settled for a
few weeks. He admitted that he had Veen
offered the 'contract to prepare plans for
the new buildings, but was unable to say
Frank Van Trees, one of the foremost
architects of this coast, has been selected
to prepare plans for the new buildings.
As Mr. Van. Trees is largely occupied by
local - builders, and though the Eastern
syndicate made him an offer to devote hia
entire time to its interests, he .was unable
to accept its terms. The members of the
syndicate, however, inquired how many
hours he could devote to their work. Ho
replied that he could devote six hours a
day. This appeared to be satisfactory
and negotiations are now pending. [ Pa
pers have been sent across the . continent
for Mr. Van Trees to sign. It may be
necessary for him to make a hurried trip
East to consult his new clients.
Selects Architect.
terviews has been forwarded to the Eas
ern agents.
; KIEL,XFeb. 13.— Mayor .: ; Low. of :- New
York has cabled*to Princa Henry of Prus
sia; saying; that ' Herr Weigand, director
general of the North German Line,, thinks
that unless the .Kronprinz Wilhelnv sails'
from. Bremen earlier than 3 o'clock Satur
day she' will 'not be able to ar
rive in New .York, owing to the/ rough
weather which prevails at this season of
the - year, until ; late ¦•¦ In ". the ! afternoon ; of
February 22— too late r for ¦¦'. the - ceremony
Afraid. Prince Will • Be Late.
The rear admiral replied that he' was
pleased to , be in America. After a few
minutes' ; conversation _,the" visitors' left for
a short visit to 'the German • Consulate,
when they returned to the Hohenzollern.
¦At the "City Hall Consul General Buenz
presented the rear admiral to, the .Mayor,
who shook hands with him and said:
.• "I ; am very ' glad, indeed, to welcome
you to our city."
After a short chat the officers of the
Hohenzoller'n' were escorted back to the
Narkeeta.'_ 'A salute of thirteen guns was
fired as at the navy yard.
When Mr. Morgan was here he Con
sulted 7 various people In connection -with.
the welfare of this city and they enlight
ened him as to the increasing population
and property values. At the various din
ners and banquets which he attended Mr.
Morgan listened to the roseate speeches
of leading officials and citizens, who dwelt
with pride on the growth of San Francisco
and what was in prospect for the metropo-'
lis- of the Pacific Coast. The millionaire
imbibed-ideas and statistics and when he
a detachment of .the island's garrison
serving as escort. ¦ In the headquarters
they exchanged . the formal compliments
customary on occasions of this nature. •
Morgan Seeks Information.
Through local agents this vast sum will
be devoted to 'purchasing real estate in
the business section. A, magnificent hotel
is planned and buildings will be erected In
large, numbers. , This will be of great
benefit to all classes. Men will be given
employment, merchants will .dispose of
their commodities and -the .city will be
greatly benefited. Buildings that are now
unsightly, will be torn 'down and hand
some edifices will take their places. It
wtll mean the . advancement of local in
terests and will be an incentive such" as
the city has never before experienced.
J- PIERPONT . MORGAN'S visit to
this city as a delegate to the Epis
copalian," Convention has -borne!
"\ fruit. "While" here 'the New* York
• multi-millionaire observed • condl-
• ..•-¦........ ...
I tions and made inquiries tliat ,led.
him to realize; that this, city had- possi-.
bilities. He saw the advantages of invest
ing money, here and when he returned to
New York he reported feis observations to'
his associates in various syndicates. It
was at. his suggestion that an amount -far
into the rnillions — in fact reaching a fabu-'
lous sum— was set aside for investment in'
San Francisco. ..-. . . ,
. returned to .New ! York he exploited his
knowledge.
/From information received from the
East it was learned that agents of the
syndicate were instructed to communicate
with people here and the plan to enrich
the city with new buildings ' and enter
prises t was given its impetus. Messrs.
Bovee,,Toy & Sonntag, real estate 'dealers,
were instructed to examine certain prop-,
erty and send abstracts and reports with-!
out delay. 'Henry P. Sonntag, a member
of the real estate firm, has had charge
of the Important matter. For the.. past
two weeks he has been, negotiating ''with
property-owners and the result of his in-
Hotel and f ,a Score of Handsome Bu/M^
to Be Erected in the Business
Section >6f the City:
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME X^k^KQ, 76/
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.GREAT THRONG ATTENDS NORA FULLER'S FUNERAL.
St. Helena Belle Harries.
ST. HELENA, Feb. 13.— A pretty cere
mony, took place in the First Presbyterian
Church here yesterday, It being the mar
riage of Miss May Eva Davis to thfe R^v,
Samuel Garvin of Nebraska City, Nebr.
The bride is the younger daughter of Dr.
Cornelius E. Davis, for many -years prac
ticing dentistry in this town, and now
Vice president of the iBank of St. Hele
na and owner ot large property interests
here and in other places. She is a beauti
ful and accomplished young aldy and haa
a host of friends. The groom is a Pres
byterian minister.'
The recount for Supervisors now on be
fore Judge Frank J. Murasky is becom
ing-. more interesting as it progresses. Can
didate "Walsh ''continues to gain in every
precinct.- The votes deposited In Precinct
12 of the Forty-third District and Pre
cinct 3 of. the, Forty-fourth District were
counted yesterday. Following is the
standing of ; the candidates: .
Every Day.
asky Grows More Exciting
Recount Before Superior Judge Mur-
WALSH GAINS VOTES :
IN EVERY PRECINCT
Accident j Caused by Clogged Switch.
TWO TRAINS COLLIDE 1
ON SNOW-CO VEBED TBACK
But Few Persons Are
Hurt.
SPOKANE, Feb. 13.— The north-bound
and south-bound trains on the O. R. and
N. Railway mixed up in' a head-end col
lision at Rockford, Wash., at 8:50 a. m.
to-day. .- . .. • •
The train which left Spokane, this morn
ing was standing on the side track -at
Rockford when the north-bound passengor
came in. The switchman declares the
switch was thrown, but became clogged
with snow. The incoming train forced
it over and swung on the side track,
crashing 1 into the south-bound passenger.
Both . engines were . badly battered, but
neither trainmen nor passengers were se
riously injured, though three. or four,
received bruises. .. .
Police . of* San Jose Question . M. H.
: Shephard, Who Then
. ." : ' Disappears. • '*
SAN JOSE, Feb. 13.— For a time last
night the police believed they had found
John Bennett, the much-wanted murderer,
in a lodger at Hhe Lefranc rooming-hcuse
on West'Santa Clara street. Mrs. Elliott,
who conducts the place, reported to the
police that she had a' lodger who was a
man of mystery. She stated she did not
knowwhen the man came to her house,
but he, had a room there four weeks when
she . purchased the place. Some ' days ! ago
a young.woman appeared at the lodging
house in-, company with him.. He intro
duced the woman as a friend from San
Francisco and said her name was Miss
Bennett. She remained over night anJ
then left. The landlady thought her
lodger was none other than Bennett from
the fact- that the woman had given her
name as such.
Officers Plummer and Campbell found
the man in rooms 32 and 33 of the Lefranc
building last night. He gave his name as
M. H. Shephard and stated he had been
In San Jose for four months. He did not
tally with' the 'description given of Ben
nett. Shephard is a much larger man,
but he has the same blonde mustache
and complexion. The mysterious Miss
Bennett was said to -have answered an
advertisement for 3, housekeeper an-}
came here to act In that capacity for
Shephard. • ! • :\^
The suspect, however, added a tinge of
mystery to thecarie by disappearing. thi3
morning. "He -was "known to "> be in his
room up to 3 o'clock, but' some time be
itween that and morning he disappeared.
The rooms show evidence of a hasty de
parture on the part of its occupant. Mrs.
Elliott, the' landlady, is minus her lodger
and two months' rent. ' . •
While the police are satisfied there is
something in the man's life he wishes to
hide, and for this reason has gone, they
are satisfied he is not Bennett. Investi
gations by them to-day show that Shep
hard has been employed at the Oberon
saloon on Santa Clara street as an at
tendant at- the lunch counter for several
months. • . .-
BELIEVED MYSTEBIOUS '
;' ' LODGER WAS BENNETT
SIG0X7BNEY STILL LEADS.
Wins Another Game by a Score of
40O to 350.
.NEW YORK, Feb. 13.-C. E. Conklin of
Chicago had to play two games in the
class A amateur billiard tournament at
the Knickerbocker Athletic Club to-day,
but the effort proved too much for him,
and he succeeded in winning only. one of
them.' In the afternoon game he defeated
Charles Threshie of Boston by -400 to 393,
after playing 88 innings, but in the night
game he suffered defeat "at the hands of
his opponent, Wilson H. Sigourney of San
Francisco, who won by a score of 400 to
350. Fifty-seven innings were played, and
for the greater part of the game Sigour
ney was in the lead. At the end of the
fifty-fourth inning the score stood 348 to
343 in favor of . the Calif ornian. In the
next inning Sigourney made a brilliant
ru ,H, Pi « fifty , ! Allowing up with a cipher,
while Conklin only made a three and a
four. Sigourney's last contribution was
two buttons, which gave him the game by
a margin of fifty points. Summary of to
night's game.
Slgonrney— 0, 7. 2. 1, 24. 8. 18, 3. 13. 0. 10,
14, S. 6 9, 0. 2. 11. 12. 0. 0. 2, 0, 31. 14. (* 1<
JT. 1. *. ». 2. 17. 4. 0. 0. O. 0, l t 0. 2. 6. 6
16.10. 0. 16, 0, 0. 10. O. 1. i; 1, 56 6 2 To
tal, 400; average. 7 1-57. High runs^-50 31. 24.
Conklin— 0. 18. 1U, 1, 0 1 14, 15 2 7 7 0
1. 2. 16. 7. 4, 20, 1, 5, 2, 0, 1. 2, 20 5 o' 2 o'
« 21, 7, 0. 11. 0. 0, 0. 7, 7, 22. 17. 2. 'l. 'l9,' l|
14. 2. IS. 1. 7. 0, 1. 1. 3, 3\ 4. 0. Total. 350
average. 6 8-57. High runs — 22. 21. 20. 20.
The afternoon game between Conklin
and Threshie was a lengthy one, and re
sulted in a sensational finish, the Chicago
.man winning out by a score of 400 to the
Bostonian's 393 in the . eighty-eighth in
ning. Score: .
Charles K. Conklin. Chicago • 400; average
4 4-88; high runs, 26. 24. 23. . . .
• Charle3 Theshle. Boston. 303; average, 4
1-88; high- runs," 31, 28, 22.. J-^
-The standing of the players -to-night -is:
Sigrourney, won four, lost one: Norris. won
three lost one; Mial, won four,- lost one;
Conklin, won three, lost two; Threshie,
won two, lost three; Hendrick, won one,
lost five;- Miller, won. one, lost five. ..
HIS IDENTITY REMAINS 1
STILL IMPENETRABLE
i The motive for so abhorrent a crime Is
as mysterious as the personality of the
perpetrator. The hypotheses at first ad
vanced that the girl had been lured to
the house and had died under the abuse
of the seducer, »r that she had volun
tarily submitted to the wishes of the man
Bennett and had made away with herself
from remorse, have never-been seriously
entertained. The police, in. the light of
all the information that has been gath
ered, have come to the conclusion that
she was murdered the night of her dis
appearance from her mother's home.
In fact she was probably rendered un
conscious upon her entrance to the house
and never realized the indignities or the
violence to which her bruised body shows
she was subjected. Still there is al
most conclusive evidence to show . that
somebody, presumably the murderer, vis
ited house at least three days after
the murder was committed. Hence the
detectives have concluded that the slayer
is one of those strange creatures which
humanity has developed In every age,
who is alien to the ordinary thoughts and
motives of men, and who would return to
the scene of horror for the satisfaction
and pleasure he might gain from such a
visit as long as he felt there was no dan*,
ger. of discovery. . ¦ - .- . .-
Only one additional clew was the , fruit
of yesterday's investigation, and this
proved of no value. H. Hogensen, a wait
er employed in a Montgomery-street res
taurant, called on Captain Seymour for
the purpose of informing him of a man
he thought might be the much-wanted
Bennett or Hawkins. He said that nine
years ago he knew a man named Tomlin
sdn in Portland who answered H the I de
scription given of the murderer, and that
he understood this man served a term in
San Quentin for forgery. Two months
ago he- met him on Grant avenue. A
search of the records showed that J. H.
Tomlinson had been sentenced to San
Quentin for forgery from San Francisco
in 1893. At that tima he was 63 years old,
which would make him 62 years of age
now, and there were other discrepancies ,
that put him out of the question as the ]
suspected murderer of Nora Fuller. -
Yet out of a whole city full of men and
women ,_who have undoubtedly met this
man during the frequent periods he spent
in San Francisco there is not one who
can or will give the information that will
lead to the capture of the fiendish slayer.
Where he roomed, I who his companions
were, how he spent his time, what his
business was are questions yet unsolved.
Krooe somehow got", the idea that he was
a traveling man, but does not know why
he had that impression, except possibly
from the fact that Bennett, as he called
himself, visited the restaurant periodi
cally.' There was a total disappearance
for. about eight years,, and this has given
rise to the theory that the murderer may
be an ex-convict and had been imprisoned
during that time. Whatever or whoever
he Is he has left no trace behind him by
which the police have been able to trace
him beyond the lintel of the house in
which the crime was committed.
The hunt has narrowed down to one
man, of whom the police have a good
description. He has been known at periods
for fifteen years. by J. W. Krone, proprie
tor of the Popular restaurant on Geary
street, who has seen 'him of ten, . conversed
with him ¦ frequently and is enabled to
give a good description of .'the man 1 } to
wh6m all signs point as - the criminal
wanted. • Two second-hand dealers and
the real estate man from whom the house
was rented coincide with the description
given by ; Krone. . •
Chief of Police Wittman and Captain
Seymour, chief of the detective force,
have given their full attention to the case,
and ' the j best criminal catchers ' of the
force are employed upon it. So far there
have been no results further than that of
eliminating from the search a large num
ber of men who- by their- physical re
semblance to the descriptions of Bennett
and their doubtful pasts were originally
objects.of suspicion.
After six days of unavailing, search for
the murderer of ' pretty Nora Fuller the
police of San Francisco and the public at
large are as much in the dark concerning
the identity of the perpetrator of the atro
cious crime and - the motive . which
prompted it as they were on the night the
body was found in the empty dwelling on
Sutter street. All clews and theories that
in any manner appeared as though they
might lead to the - unraveling of the tan
gled web of crime have been diligently
and intelligently, followed. Suggestions
and statements of facts have poured In
upon the detective department and the
newspapers' by. the hundreds, and every
one of these has been given the fullest
consideration and investigation. None of
them has served . in the least to fasten
the crime upon any individual who has
come under notice of the police or who
can be reached by them.
Solving the Mystery of Nora
Fuller's Slayer.
Police Have Made No Headway in
JAMES .0. BENNETT CLEARS
HIMSELF OF SUSPICION
Captain Seymour '¦ detailed % Detective
Dillon to accompany Bennett ; around to
Mr. Bennett was bristling with indigna
tion over the fact that his ¦ name was
brought into the case. -Bennett has been
trying hard ' to live '¦ down the memory -of
his troubles with his '" former wife . and
was very sorry that - they ' had been re
vived: He Is a hard-working engineer, 1
and If his name' had not been brought
into the 'case he would < have ' left . yester
day morning on the steamer. LIndauer for
Grays Harbor. Upon reading , in the pa
pers that his' name had been linked with
the murder of Nora Filler "Bennett re
fused, to sail on the steamer and instead
went direct to police headquarters to cou
vince Captain Seymour that he was not
connected In the slightest with the tragic
affair. ¦¦'•• '¦ - . .v. 1 : ¦"¦*:,. -.<•'....;,.•%- "¦«.¦*.-.; •'-3 ¦-'¦
Another clew the police believed they
had to the Identity of John Bennett, who
murdered Nora Fuller, was proved false
yesterday morning, when James G. Ben
nett, who was mentioned as wanted by the
police, voluntarily ¦ walked into Captain
Seymour's office and offered ,to establish
beyond any question of doubt in any way
deemed necessary by the chief: of detec-'
tives that he was not the man wanted,
and furthermore: had not the slightest
connection with the case.
Had to Identity of Slayer
Proves False.
Another. Clew Police Believed They
all the different tradesmen who knew. the
much-sought strangler. - All agreed that
Air. Bennett . did not resemble the stran
gler and that they had never seen him
before. . ... ; * V
"I am sorry this matter has befn
brought up," said Mr. Bennett. "Since I
had my troubles I have been trying hard
to live them down. The idea that I had
anything to do with this case is simply
absurd.- but it is unfortunate for me that
my past should be dug up and rakedover
in (< c6nriection with this case.- ' :. :
I -havev been employed in" 1 various ca
pacities as an engineer, and I am greatly
harassed because my name has • been
dragged into this case without the slight
est reason for it. I have a wife and sis
ters,.and It is hard on them. I was thun
derstruck when I found out that my name
was mentioned as one of the many whose
whereabouts was being investigated, but
I suppose in a terrible case of this kind
it is -necessary to run- down every clew.
For the last twenty>years I have had
some of the best' men in the community
as my friends, and I think I have proved
myself worthy of the interest they
evinced in my behalf. I am sorry this
thing has been raked over, but I guess I
will live - through it." •
Cemetery. There an immense concourse
of people was waiting around the newly
dug grave. At the entrance to the ceme
tery Vmore than a hundred women, joined
the procession and walked abreast of the
hearse to the picturesque hill where the
body was to be laid at rest. ; V . : .
Everything had been done by Robert. E.
Keys, the teacher of Nora's Sunday
school, to help the bereaved family in
its trying ordeal. The grave was in the
form of a bed of daisies and ferns. The
Rev. Mr. Bane read the service of • the
dead and then gentle hands led the weep
ing mother away from the edge of the
grave to the carriage, where there was
an affecting scene. , •»
The pallbearers were' Dwight Scovel,
Tnurman Bane, Harry N. Field, John
Wall, Everett Philbrtck and Milton H.
St John.. :¦¦¦.-.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.-While.no defi
nite agreement uas been reached, a vote
on the Philippine tariff bill in the Senate
seems to be in sight/ It appears ' likely,
judging from a discussion' of /the 'subject
late in to-day's -session, that the vote may
be had next week: althbugh'th'e"fnatfer"is
yet involved in some.uncertainty. - • , ¦-
Teller of Colorado concluded his speech
to-day. He urged strongly that the JECtti
pinos be given the fullest possible meas
ure of self-governmenti the United States
simply maintaining a protectorate over
the islands. ' . ; ¦", ' ; ¦ : '¦: > ','
Teller said that in his judgment the day
would come when the United ¦ States
would clash with some Asiatic or Euro
pean nation in. the Far East seas. Then
the Philippine Islands, held as they are
now, would be a source of weakness to
this country. "If* treated by the" 1 United
States as they ought to be, the Filipinos
at that time would be a source of strength
to this Government. • •>
Mitchell of Oregon delivered iv carefully
prepared speech in support or his amend
ment to reduce the tariff duties upon
Philippine products coming Into this
country to 50 , per cent of the Dingley
rates, maintaining that Congress owed
this concession to the Pacific Coast States
as well as to the Philippines themselves.
The Philippine bill will not be consid
ered to-morrow or on Monday, the Sen
ate having made special orders for both
of these days. •
Fuller of Colorado Finislies
His Speech in Favor of
the Filipinos.
Senate May "Take Vote
:-on : the Bill; Within "
' the Next Week.
TARIFF MEASURE
FOR PHILIPPINES
Gage Men Look Fearfully on an Anti-
Machine Sentiment.
There is a feeling akin to fear In the
camp of the Gage 'followers. It Is caused
by the spread of anti-machine sentiment
In Southern California and the organiza
tion cf Flint clubs in Los Angeles.
When open opposition to Gage In his
home county was first announced the sup
porters of the Governor fancied that the
opposing forces were simply boasting of
what they could do, having no serious in
tention of going into a fight to send an
anti-Gage delegation from Los Angeles to
the next Republican State Convention.
Subsequent happenings have caused the
Gage men to change their minds. A few
days ago Johnny Mackenzie left San Joce
for a southern trip, giving out the word
that he was going to Yuma. Last
Wednesday evening Governor Gage left
San Francisco for Los Angeles. John C
Lynch, United States Collector of Internai
Revenue, went south a few days earlier
Testerday afternoon Jesse Marks made
haste to catch the "Owl" for a flying trip
to Los Angeles.
There were rumors in the Gage camp
last night that the Governor had decided
SOTJTH CAUSES AT.A-R.-M".
6i>ecial DisDatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 13.— The Herald
to-morrow will say:
Governor Gage arrived In Los Angeles
last night from his mine, where he has
been spending several days. He went im
mediately to his office in the California
Bank building, where, asked as to his can
didacy, he said: .
"There axe certain conditions personal to
myself, which 1 shall not here refer to,
preventing me at this time from going
further than to say that I shall probably
permit my name to go before the Republi
can convention.
"The people are well aware that I have
labored ceaselessly to carry out all of my
party and platform pledges and that I
nave carried out every pledge of the
party; and I have given the State an in
dependent, a clean, nonest and economical
administration. One illustration of that
economy is that this year's tax rate Is the
lowest ever given to ine State of Cali
fornia. My appointees have all proven
officially honest, competent and trust
worthy.
What the People Think.
"There seems to be a widespread incli
nation on the part of the people, so far as
I am able to judge from personal contact
and reports coming to me from all parts
of the State, to indorse my administration
by a renomination. If this is the purpose
of the people it will certainly be the high
est possible honor which could be con
ferred upon an acting Governor of this
great State.
"If this is the popular desire it appears
to be opposed only by a certain coterie of
newspaper bosses and their adherents,
some of whom are would-be political
bosses, others displeased on account of po
litical appointments, and also some others
who honestly do not understand -the real
situation.
"The active malignity of these news
paper political bosses, or of any other ene
mies in Los Angeles or elsewhere, will
have no tendency whatever toward deter
ring me from entering the race for re
nomination, but, on. the contrary, will
rather incline me to the contest, especial
ly should I conclude that the wishes of
the rank and file of the party throughout
the State are in favor of my making the
battle.
"The people know whom to nominate,
and they will determine at the proper
time that question in their own way with
out reference to the newspaper bosses and
their adherents, just as they did in my
case in 1898. In 1%9S there went up a loud
cry from some of the selfsame forces at
present arrayed against me calling for a
Senator and not a Governor from the
south, met then by my suggestion that
both a Senator, and a Governor could
come from the south, which has become
a demonstrated fact.
Words for the Editors.
"In 1S98 the Evening Express of Los An
geles and its followers most bitterly as
sailed my candidacy. In 1S9S the Los An
geles Times after my nomination predict
ed my defeat, because I would not obey
Its demands to dismiss from the Republi
can Executive Committee of the State
those sterling Republicans Frank P.
Flint. Major H. Z. Osborne and Walter
Parker, ail of whom had filled exactly
the same positions during the. great cam
paign of 1&96, successfully made on behalf
of our late martyred President, William
McKinley.
"The people decided against these
papers In 1S98 and settled the controversy
by according to me the nomination by ac
clamation, and also the election by a
splendid majority, just as the Los Angeles
Record alone among the then Republican
dailies of Los Angeles city had from the
first predicted. Whatever the people de
sire, whatever their will may be in 1502i
will be perfectly satisfactory to me."
Continued From Page One
those who knew her best she had been
held in the highest esteem.
With earnestness and deep emotion tne
reverend gentleman said that in order to
correct some erroneous Impression they
had thrown open that temple of God to
stamp the life and pure character of little
Nora Fuller. If they could ask her Sun
day-school teacher he would give such an
account of the child that all such impres
sion would vanish. Nora was a martyr
to virtue and womanly honor. She was
not the first martyr, but there were many
girls who chose to sacrifice their honor
sooner than life; but this girl preferred
death to dishonor.
Victims of Circumstances.
Speaking of the unhappy financial cir
cumstances of the family, which caused
Nora to seek a position, Mr. Bane wished
that those who were given the world's
good fortune did but know the victims of
circumstances— the suffering, the agony,
the straits to which the poor were driven.
If they, the wealthy, would but go out
among them they could relieve much sor
row, ruin and disaster. It was -because
pressed by poverty that the mother al
lowed the girl to answerithat fatal adver
tisement, in the hope that it would be a
means to help to support the family. The
grinding of the poor was a menace to the
morals of the people. How many moth
ers were there who were compelled to
leave their homes to work, leaving their
families hardly attended, and some abso
lutely unattended? But it was compulsory
on them to submit to such a condition in
order to maintain the household. How
many little -girls and lads, he asked,
through poverty were thrown out on the
wicked world In order to appease the
pangs of hunger?
The death, sad as it had been, has been
a lesson and he trusted it v would be well
learned. Nora Fuller had died for others
— that others might be saved such a death
as came to her. The lessons drawn were
not in connection with her home relations,
hut regarding men (could they be called
men) who preyed upon virtue and woman
ly honor — fleiWts, who by the aid of an ad
vertisement.^cot the guileless, the innocent
in their lecherous clutches. He declared
that conditions would not be well in the
future for such fiends in the community.
"There are men and women who spend
a lifetime in prosecuting the downfall of
young girlsl They must be brought to
time," declared Mr. Bane. "In this city
and throughout the land there is a traffic
and men for so much a head procure ln«
nocent girls. People of California will
demand legislation in future to meet the
crime."
Advises Protection by Mothers.
Continuing bis description of this social
evil Mr. Bane said he believed that moth
ers were going to be more careful. They
could not blame this mother. Her un
happy circumstances were such at the
time that her daughter was obliged to
seek employment, -but she, Mrs. Fuller,
would warn all mothers that if their
daughters must find work they should go
with them in the search for occupation.
He' warned girls against temptations
and snares and showed the necessity for
the chaperone. He said that in their
modesty and their quietness was their
defense and prayed for their own sakes
neither by look nor word would they re
spond to attentions given them on the
streets by men, by strangers, by lecher
ous men. The defense of honor lies in the
homes and not in the lodging-houses— in
the homes of sunshine is to be found the
defense of our morals. There are so
many men, shame to say, so brutal and
fiendish that it seems that every girl is
born into peril.
He besought fathers and mothers to
keep close to their daughters and lead
such a life that the daughters will cling
to them.
After the solemn service at the church
the remains were taken to .Cypress Lawn
to make open declaration of his candi
dacy for another term. It was said that
his closest advisers in Sacramento, San
Francisco and Los Angeles were urging
him to speak out unreservedly an* de
clare himself in the race.
In the north Senator W. M. Cutter of
Yuba, an aspirant for the gubernatorial
nomination, is in the open fleld, asking
his supporters to organize for effective
wortc Yuba County also demands,recog
nition on the Board of Railroad Commis
sioners and presents as a candidate for
the Republican nomination in the First
District Alex C. Irwin, secretary of the
Marysvllle Chamber of Commerce.
The present Railroad Commissioner rep
resenting this district is E. B. Edson of
SIskiyou. As he is in the field as a can
didate for the. Republican nomination for
Governor, the politicians assume that the
race for Commissioner is open to all
comers. Irwin is highly commended as
an active and -capable business man.
whose character is of the best.
There was a promise made In the State
convention \ of 1898 that the Republicans
of Northern California should have ample
recognition in the convention of 1902 The
political workers of the north will doubt
less insist on the fulfillment of this prom
ise or agreement. The promise had spe
cial reference to the Hrst place on the
ticket, as the candidates from Northe-n
and Central California gracefully yielded
to the pressure for the selection of a can
didate from the south. - -
the People Desire," He
Asserts at Los Angeles, "Will
Be Perfectly Satisfactory
to Me."
Believes His Achievements
Entitle Him to the
Place.
Governor Wants His
/ Name to Go Before
Convention.
GAGE SAYS
H E WILL BE
A CANDIDATE
THE SAN FR ANCISCO GAUL; Fit I DA Y, F If BRUAItY 1 4; 1 902.
. . . ¦ ¦ . ;. .- •- ¦¦•¦:¦¦' ¦;¦. -. .
LIMOGES; France, Feb. .13. — Three hundred strikers have been besieging at leather factory at St. Julien since
the night of February 12. A number of non-unionists are intrenched at the" factory. The latter^ defended
their position with a hose, throwing boiling water, until this afternoon, when the besiegers rushed the non
unionists. A number of men were severely injured in the melee. Gendarmes and troops have been sum
moned to preserve order. "¦ .
CADIZ, Feb. 14.— A strike of the salt workers at San Francisco has provoked serious disorders. The riot
ers'attacked the residence of the Mayor of the town, shops were damaged and shop windows were looted of their
contents. Several of the strikers were wounded, in the conflict with the police.
Are Summoned to Preserve Order.
> Men Are Severely Injured During a Rush and s Gen(iarmes and Troops
THREE HUNDRED STRIKERS BESIEGE NON-UNION
HANDS WHO FIGHT BACK WITH HOT WATER
2
Official
Count.
j Loss in
Recount.
Present
Standing.
CANDIDATES.
Braunhart .......
Payot .:..:;.:..
Wilson .
Bent '. ..
Eggers ......:...
Alpers - .. ........
Walsh :......;..
Coghlan ..¦..«...
Finn ••
Lyons
Aird d .......
Reagan ...:....
16,749
16,571
16.517
16.112
15,053
15.940
15.8SC
15,680
15,505
15,574
l. r >,525
15,434
373
341
421 '
456'-
516
475
174
ISO
166
180.
183
173
16,.'{76
16,230
16,006
35,050
15,437
15.565
15,712
15,526 -
15,420 •
15,385
15,342
15.2C1
Official
Count.
j Loss in
Recount.
Present
Standing.
CANDIDATES.
Braunhart .......
Payot .:..:;.:..
Wilson .
Bent '. ..
Eggers ......:...
Alpers - .. ........
Walsh :......;..
Coghlan ..¦..«...
Finn ••
Lyons
Aird d .......
Reagan ...:....
16,749
16,571
16.517
16.112
15,053
15.940
15.8SC
15,680
15,505
15,574
l. r >,525
15,434
373
341
421 '
456'-
516
475
174
ISO
166
180.
183
173
16,.'{76
16,230
16,006
35,050
15,437
15.565
15,712
15,526 -
15,420 •
15,385
15,342
15.2C1
. -¦ sbw VDBbbH - sV vots\i M^r
Srls>» Zn. OS flgL^M
G*4B tJ -^^SJ^ff^Pt^WWr^S^si iTnir ffJL \sss3U£^"»^
Ei Q ft P3 Ek53 Ea 13sl R I S3k3
fW FAVOS5BTE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
WONG WOO,
ITf CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'"""¦ LC / SANITARIUM.
¦^J&j&v 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
' : " * LL, DISEASES CURED
'etifW&n* /V exclusively by Chinese
>.erba..over 3000 varieties being used. Hour*
9:30 toll a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. xn.
BAJCLWA? TBAVEIi. *
NORTH PACIFIC CCAST RAILROAD^
" Via Sausalito Ferry
• . ¦ Commencing- September 2!>, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET.
: AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:55. 8:30. *9:30. H:00 a. in..
*1:«, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "8:00. •10:00, ni:30 a. m.. -•1:15.
3:15 *4:-t3. -6-^0, 9:30. p. m. ¦
• Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN : RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *5:25, 6:27, 7:45, 8:35. 10:15
a. m.. »12:25. 2:15, .»3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 0:55 p. m. -
-SUNDAYS — 6:15. "8:00. ¦•10:00. ."11:45 a. m..
n:40. *3:15. 4:45. »G:30 p. m. • • .
I . Trains marked (•) start from Sari Quentin.
FROM MILL V ALLEY 1 TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK r DATS— 5:45. 6:45,: 7:55, 8:55. 10:30
a. m., 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on '. Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and ,10:85 p. m. '
-SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m:, 12:05. 2:15
3:30,5:00.6:45p.m. • -TT . *.
• THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week daya-^-Cazadero and way
stations. '-' , , ; -
- ' 1 :45 p. m. •; Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations..- ---.-,-
8:00 a. m» Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.^ - ... ...
'Legal Holiday boats and trains will ran on
Sunday time. . V
\ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Peculiar Powar Possessed by a
New Medicine.
Of new discoveries there is no end. but one of
the most recent, most- remarkable and one
which Will prove . invaluable to thousands of
people, is a discoverey which it Is believed will
take the place of all other remedies for the
cure of those common and obstinate diseases,
dyspepsia and stomach troubles. This discov-
ery is. not a loudly advertised, secret patent
medicine, but is a scientific combination of
wholesome, perfectly harmless vegetable es-
sences, fruit salts, pure pepsin and bismuth.
These remedies are combined In lozenge form,
pleasant to -take, and will preserve ..their good
qualities indefinitely, whereas all liquid medi-
cines rapidly lose whatever good qualities they
may have had as soon as uncorked and exposed
This preparation is called Stuart's' Dyspepsia
Tablets and It is claimed that one of these tab-
lets or lozenges will digest from 300 'to 3000
times Its own weight of meat, . eggs . and other
¦wholesome food. And this claim has been
proven by actual experiments ¦ in the following
manner: A hard boiled' egg cut- Into small
pieces was placed in a bottle containing- warm
water heated to ninety-eight degrees (or J>lood
heat), one of these Tablets was then placed in.
the .bottle » and the proper temperature - main-
tained for three hours and a half, at the, end of
which time. the egg was as completely digested
as it would have been in a healthy stomach.
This experiment was. undertaken to demonstrate
that what it would do In the bottle It would
also do in the stomach, hence- its unquestionable
value In the cure of dyspepsia and weak diges-
tion. Very few people are free from some form
''of indigestion, but scarcely two will have the.
satne symptoms. Some will suffer most from
distress after eating, bloating from gas in the
stomach and bowels, others have acid dyspepsia
or heartburn, others palpitation or headaches,
sleeplessness, pains in chest and under shoulder
blades, extreme nervousness as in nervous dys-
pepsia, but they, all have same cause, failure to
properly digest .. what- Is eaten.- The stomach
must have rest and assistance, and Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets give it both, by digesting the.
food for it and In a short time it is restored to
Its norrral action and vigor. At same time the
Tablets are so harmless that a child can take
them with benefit. This new preparation has
already made many astonishing cures, as for
Instance, the following: . • .
After using only one package of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets I have received such great and
unexpected, benefit that I -wish to express my
sincere gratitude. In fact It has been six
months since I took the package and I have not
had one particle of distress or difficulty since.
And all this in the face of the fact that the
best doctors I consulted told me my case was
Chronic Dyspepsia and absolutely incurable, as
I had suffered twenty-five .years. I distributed
half a dozen packages among my friends here
who are very anxious to try this remedy.
Mrs. Sarah A. Skeels.
Lynnv-ille. Jaspar Co.. Mo.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by drug-
gists everywhere at 50 cents for full sized
packages. A little book on Stomach Diseases
mailed free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co..
Marshall, Mich. ...
>S35!V VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
ApT^&L MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
£pr&^ jrsa fcave been in use over nrty
#SJil?fc#*a ye&rt by the leaden - of the
aSe'fcg f^JwSii Mormon Church and • their
RiP§ri§tilHB f° llower «- Positively cure th»
1P3H?'<^C5«e3 worst cases in old and young
\Si *&*. V fiSsf arlslnc from effects of self-
Y&c*Tv)r-rriff abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. 'Cure Lost
lSfS'Sfc* Manhcod, Impotency, Lost
TSXfcVtT Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, r-m Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner j"^ g M vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are r»,Jt» immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote ** e « * ° ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent: a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box: 6 for
%2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars frae.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis at.!
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third street. .- . .
f visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
{HUSEUM OF ANATOHY?
9 C® 1051 1C&BSZT ST. l«t. 6±*7th. S.r.CaI. A
\ . ,CJf . The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
' m iiiflJii. World - Weaknesses or any contracted A
JL VOSf&n * 5ea * e p»»Hlv«»ljr cmrwl hr the oldest V
# |S fcfl Specialist on the Co*«t Est. 3» years. ©
4 fl]S|f 8 CR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
. \ f WSSSS Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
' f J jy^L II T'"""" 1 ' personally or by letter. A §
\ I B » H **•**•• "» «wy ease undertaken. \
B F n 11 W Write for'B-wk. raiLOSOPn V af A
¦V ¦ If : II' BiBttMGE, MAILED FKXB. fAf
a (J H • valuable book for mm) \
f DR. JORDAN dt CO.. 1051 JTarkft St..R. F. V
T'ft'ft ~» •» — » Tfc "I <J» <ll.
BAH. WAY TBAVXt.
SOUTHERN^PACIPIcT
Train* ««»«*<•»•«••• »« ••»•• to nrrlic m.m
MAN rUAIMJWWO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
l«atk — From Fwrcaet 9. 1903 — arritj
7:OOa Bnuicia. 8uUao. Elmir* and Sacrv
1IIKUUI. .'....... ,.„ J| Jr
Vac*»itle, AVi-.tfri", Kiiiunej 7-ss.
-.-.Zva Mwtii 1 ex.SnuUain<».V»l!t»jo.Jla»». *
CitlUtnga ami H»mu* Kimm *iS>*
»:0<» A Davu, Woodland, KuigliU LanJin;;, .
M,ir»»filie. Or.nilla. 7i»-»«
«:OOa AtUutiu Kxpress— Oeden »ud K»jt H.i*\
!»:<>«* Xiles. I.athror. Stockton <{%.>>
Si«O» Ntlea. Jlniidota, Ilacfortl, Visalla,
rottf.TTUlf.... .'...._.. 4:3.1*
8:.t(» a Shanta Kxpren-Dftri*, Williams (tot
Iiartlett Kprimn;. Willow*. Had
BluS. Fortl%iul 7:53,
¦ 1HO4 Situ Jons. I.ifermorr. Stockton,
lone. H*crBinoiito. I'luccrf ille,
. . M»n*»il]». Chioo. Kail ISInir 4 = 25^
»::i'»l ()nk dal,., Chiueso. Honor*, luolumne -1:25?
. JI:O(»» Hiiyw»ril,.Mlrsaml W»y .Stations.. I IjS.l^
»:O«a ValUjo l«>23r
V:OUa L<m AiiKe'.en Szprms — Martlnex,
Tracy, l.»tlin«p. sioukkou, Moreril
Vrwno »ml Los AiiRoles 7:S3a.
»:««* V»l|..jii. Mwlliim ami VVnj Station* ?:.tSp
I U:uiu Tb« UrvrUiul I Jmlted- Ogdeu, L'eu-
ver, Oinrlia. Cliicsgu... *:23p
» I :<M> p 8aer»in»Hti> IS l»or SLa»w«ni 1 1 1 ;on P
SilM'r ItauieU. Winters, Sacramento.
WtHMllKIMl, KllUllU I.ttU<llll k '.
M»rjnTlll«. Orofllln ••:.V%a
S:3I»P Itaywnrd, Nile! ami \V»y SUtioill.. T:S3r
' 4:<»«r Martlnvx. Han llainoii, Vallvjo,
Na|w. I'MllHbtKa. Hantaltima »21\ —^
4:oor Ni!e<. Ll>ernior«. Stockton. Lo«H... Ill m;
4::i»r H»yi7»rd. Mlex.M17.luHf. Lirrrtuor* |«:»Ca
4:SI»rTha Oivl IJialU)) '- Fiesno, Tolare,
Itakendalil. Saitijun fur Sa.iU Uar- .
bsra. U>s Aiienles V.V1»
BttiOp Tort Vostk. Tr^cy. l.at hrop. Stockton I o:2S \
O:««r Martin- r, Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
. •. oed.Frosno IXtS.iy
8:Mftr Ilaywarii, Kileaautl Han Jote 7:3.1*
t«tO«r VnllKji I 1:234
«iO«r Oriental Afnil— Ogrtcn, Denrer,
Omaha. St Louis. Ohfc« go «tUf
?>OOr <)ra|(im ami •'Talifurnla Ki|>r<ira,Nae-
rn»i«nki>. M»ry»lll«. CeM.lln*.
¦ ' I'm tlnnil, I'ligBt rtniiiDl ami East S)>33a
S>«-1rSan rab!o. Tort ConU. Martinez
. ami Way .Stations 11:83*
l»»o.?pv«iH" .:'..:. .:.*......;.. 7:aap
COAST TilNE <^arro»» iianjie).
' • , ( r^out «(M»rket Street.)
Si I R A Neirark.Oiitrr»ill«r.«an .lose, Krltnn,
lloul«U>rt3ri-elc.SaiiUOnix»n(l Way
- HUtlmm..^ ......-....:........ 8i3«p
{3il5p Newark, <;«Jiter»lli«» r San Jose, N«w
' ' AliiiHilen. fdltoii. ISoilMer Creek,
Santa ('in anil l'riucipal Way
Station* : IM«»
4tt.1i« Newarlr, Nan Jose, !.<>« Oatos i8:3»a
«0.3(>F Huutera' Train -San Jose ud Way j
BUtioos .-......¦ |7.aor
OAKLAND HARBOR- FERRY.
from SIS msClSCS)— Foot of M»rk«t SUe»t (Slip 3)—
UM 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:53 • 3: J3 t.lir.m.
tnmQilim— U*\*t tutinj.— 1«;00 ;a:00 t3:0>»
10.00 *.M. 12:00-3.03 1:03 r.M.
- COAST L.INE <Urea.l (laaaje).
: .. - fliilr.l unJ Townaeml St».)/
fiilo* 8an Jose and Way HUUon»....~.... •'*•»*
7:00a Han J11.19a.ui W»y .Stations t«i««*
/7«OOA New Alinadeii v / -ixlOF
8:00a Coast Line limited — San Jose, -
Gllrcy. Salinas. Sar. Luis Obispo,
Bant> Barbara, Lo« Angeka tnd -,
principal intermediate sUtio«.... 1Oi43» "N4.
WiOOa Hau Juse. Tiea linos. HauU «'ru«, f
Taclllc ilrorrr. .Salinas. San Lola
Obispo aud Prlnclnal lntermedUts
StHi.ioiis 4il0p
1O»3Oa San Jose and W«y Station*.. «i3flA
I Ii34»a Hku Jon ami Way ,SUtln»a »: ISa
tai-ttVr Han Mateo, Uedwocxt, Mento Park,
Palo Alto. Banta Clare, Hau.lose,
Ttm Pino*. HauU f ,'rnat, Salinas.
Momerey aii.J INclfie tlTare...... 1IAi-13a
B:»Or Man Jose ami Way Htnlloim. li»»p
UtUrMnnJnmaml 1'rincipai Way Mtutions SlSOp
* i3i>r Sanset Limited— Mondays. Wednes-
days, Friday «. for Los A ngeles. El
Paso. New Orleans and New York.
A r rites Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOiISa
flliOOrSan Jour, Los Catos and Principal
Way Stations 1»«OO«
SiSOr SauJoaeanflPrineipal Way Stations «:»»p
ff::i/»Pf)an .Inland Way Stations 7<3Or
XiOOf »w Orleans Eiprems — fan Lnia
/* Obbpo, Santa, Barbara, Lo« An-
geles, D •mtnff. El Paso, New Or-
leans and East s"I»3O K
«lls4»r San Jose.tH.1 Way Station* TlXOr
A for M orniii{r. P for A fternoon.
t Sunday exceptcd. - J Sunday only.
» Saturday ooly._ / Tuesdays and Fridayi^
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Peoot.
! Local LTinVd OvrVd | I-ocal
Dally Dally Daily | Daily .
Lv San Franl 7:20 a »:«)a 8:00 p 4:20 p -"
At. Stockton. 1O:1S a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 p
•• Fresno.. 2:05 p 2£ip 3:15 a. 10: BO p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p »:<»*
•• Vlsalia.. 3:3»p :. 5:C0a
•• Bakerafd 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45a
•• Kan.City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago. ....... 2:15p 9:00 pt
a tor morning, p tor aiternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited carrylnff Palace Sleepinc Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Cnalr Car
runs to Bakersfleld tor accommodation of
local flrst-class passengers. No secord-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding- train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:2O p. m. is Stockton. .Merced ao*
Freano local. Corresponding train arrives
at 12:30 p. m. dallj*-*-
8 p m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Can to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at' Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at tt:0O p. m.
dally- ¦ -'.
j;20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local. . stopping
at all points in San Joaqum Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S;40 a. m. dally.
Olnces— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: lll'J- Broadway.
, Oakland. |^____1___1^__1
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTERN 8Y. CJL
LESSEES
SAM FRANCISCO AND NOaTH " PAClrii
KA1L.WAY COMPANY. 5, ,
Tiburon Ferry. Foot oi Maricab 3:. W
$an Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:W, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturday* — Kxtra trip*
at l:0U and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:00.
5:00, 6:20' p. m. ¦ ••
6an Rafael to San Francisco*
WEEK DAY*— «:10, 7:50. »:20. 11:10 a. m.:
ll':45, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtr<*
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.? 1:40. 3:10.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave t In EKect 1 Arrive -
San Francisco. | Apr. 28. 1901 [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I j Sun- I Week
Uays. I days. I Destination! day*. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:0Spm 10:-5aui
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 1 :25pm 8:20pm
Fulton, J
7:30am % Windsor, 10:23am
;./-.. 5:00pm Healdsburt. 10:40am
Lytton,
Oeyservllle,
3 :30pm 8:00am Cloverdaie. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pm S :00am and Uklah. 7:35pm S :20pm
7:30amt 10:40am 10:25am
I 8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3 :30pm I 5:00pm <:20pni
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma. 9:15am 8:10am
' . and
5:10pm S:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
¦ 7:30am| SrCOaml |10:40amllO:25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm[ Sebastopql. | 7:3Spm[ 6:20pm^
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for. MarfcJ*»v
West Springs and "White Sulphui- Springs; at
FUlton for Altruria: .at Lytton for Lytton
Springs: at Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at
Cloverdaie for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelssy-
ville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, 'Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley'a.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Ore's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllits, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer. - Scotia
and Eureka. i - . • •¦ ¦
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ •¦
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -.•--.-
Ticket olflce. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITING. . B. X. RYAN.
• Gen. Manager. O«n. Pa«s Art.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- n.ui.-'ma.-j-..,. Sun- Week*
f 80 A. 8:00a. tMmtat Wnm „ 1M 1.00 P. <£la A.
1:13?. *•»•*•*»»» •»* . 5^3.,.
Fw*,3*arnaeiMot»9«mmlt«idl*n)n.tl.A
Eokct OSicM, §31 MtB.".IT STBXSX ui SAUSJJJ10 VUO.X.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 SEABXY ST. Kstabllshodl
In 1S34 for the treatment of frivataW *
Diseases, Lout Manhood. Bebllitv or/T
<1K^os» w*nrtn*o>i body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor cares when
others •fail." Try him. . cnarges-low.
«'urr«t;anninlfrii. Call or writ*
1 Dr. J. I*. •UBROS, boo Francisco. CaL _
M' \ We actually believe that there is more hat value out
:i: ;^. , and out in' one of ; our $1.30 hats'; than .any other 'hat
¦¦-.¦. ;'-'. "sold in San .Francisco by "ourselves or anybody v else.
"'.",-¦ ¦'¦' We are making friends through "these hats every day.
• ,,--. Jhe.Jmmenseassortme'ot as well as the value has tended to make
the hats so , popular. The ; shapes : are ¦ Derbys,. Fedoras, Graecos, Dun^ !
>lap Grushers, Pan-Americans arid Pantourists in -all . the" seasonable '
colors.' . '.".-;'¦¦: ' . ¦ ' "';-' ' '¦ .-* ¦
;¦ '.Golf caps in all patterns, lOcyeach>, .^'aV : . - •"
••''. .vA-few of those odds'and ends ".-special- .'sale, hats worth $1.25 are
; ' ;( 1 ?^—-the: price is 50 cents. '. • , J V .. , 1 .; ;
..;. . , . V'-'; Out-of-town orders filled— write us. 'f -
1 : 7!8 Market Street.
£|&\ These values are overwhelmingly convincing. You never saw 81
|Ir| such good values go at such low prices. Here is a line of this
183 season's suits in latest fabrics and styles all to go at the follow- 3|§
¦.Hrj j j"j rf C \V A p f} 1 T\ O^ T\ T*1 C C S * jBTli
j^ : 9.^0 SUITS, special price r. $5.8£
jg $11.^0 SUITS, special price S6.6S S
gm S13.50 SUITS, special price 67.8-: S
fifrl These suits are all-wool gotfds, latest weaves in Cassiraeres
fg£* and Worsteds, handsomely tailored and finished. • . C»j\
l|r/ WHITE SHIRTS. i6y 2 size, vorth 75c. Special at 29c.
W CORNER FIFTH ANO MARKET STREETS S
|^^ oc Aj^nts for CARHARTT'S UXPN MADE OVSRA'.L >MODOC COUNTY JURIST WHO
IS PRESIDING AT TRIAL OF
ALLEGED LYNCHER.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— Although still
eufferinR with a severe cold Secretary Root
resumed his du ties at the War Department
to-day. ,- • ,
¦• . ~~~-
• The Black murder case stands alone in
tne annals of the Montana courts and has
attracted much attention. Black was a
well-to-do rancher of the Gallatin Valley
and was somewhat advanced in years
His wife was a comparatively youne
woman. • * "&
BOZEMAN, Mont., Feb. 13.— Lucy S
Black was to-day convicted of poisoning
her husband. H H. Black. The..verdict
classifies the crime as manslaughter and
sentence will be passed on Mrs Black
Saturday morning. She gave no evidence
of concern, however.
Convicted of Poisoning Her Husband
¦ Saturday morning at 9 o'clock we sell 5000
pairs ladles' shoes, all high grade, in all styles
of toes, all sizea, all widths, every pair worth
$3 50 a pair; our prise for Saturday will be 35c
a pair. Also^OOO pairs children's shoes, sizes
from 5% to 2. for the same price. . Shoes for
men. <5c a pair. Busy Bee Shoe Co., 1029 Mar
ket street, above Sixth. • ' M ? r
Bring 35 Cents — No More.
In shipping circles, however, it is gener
ally understood; that Downs' visit' to San
Francisco is for the purpose of adjusting
matters amicably, as a rate war would be
disastrous to all. - " ...
This acKon on the part of the North
American Transportation and Trading
Company caused a serious breach and
from indications will cause a break and
the inauguration of a rate war during
the coming season. Auditor Downs of the
North American Transportation and
Trading Company, while passing here to
day on the Umatilla, for San Francisco,
would neither affirm nor deny the report
of a prospective rate war, but simply
stated that such a thing was among the
possibilities.
Last season, before northern navigation
opened, the Alaska Commercial Com
pany, the North American Transportation
and Trading Company, the Empire Trans
portation Company and the Seattle and
Yukon Transportation Company, . all run
ning lines of steamers to St. Michael and
Nome and also conducting trading posts
along the Yukon, formed a combination
und?r the name of the Northern Naviga
tion Company. -
The North American Transportation and
Trading Company only entered the trans
portation combine, keeping its trading
business along the Yukon separate. A
female of prices .was agreed upon and was
illthfully carried out by the various com-
Anies. The profits of the season reached
.aamy thousands of dollars.
Everything worked harmoniously • util
Just before navigation closed last season,
when the combine shipped a lot of goods
to St. Michael, bound for trading posts
along the Yukon. The : North American
Transportation and Trading Company's
goods were rushed up the river first and
a large amount of the combine's goods
were left at St. Michael, where they now
remain.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 13.—
A break in one of the strongest trans
portation and trading combines ' on . the
Pacific Coast Is about, to occur and when
the expected happens one of the strongest
rate wars ever known on the coast will
follow between San Francisco and Puget
Sound ports .and St. Michael. Nome and
Dawson. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Feb. 13.-EIghteen years
ago James Leonard, who for many years
has been a prominent and honored busi
ness man of Hondo, Tex., attempted to
hold up and rob a saloon at Princeton,
Colusa County, Cal. In the hold-up he
shot and killed the proprietor, Charles
Hemstreet. Leonard fled and located at
Hondo, this State, where he has led a
modesty and upright life. During all these
years he has been conscience-stricken
ove . r ,} h S crlm ? committed in California
and it has weighed so heavily, upon his
mind that several days ago he made a
?£ U £ nd . free confession of the crime to
the District Attorney of Uvalde County
Acting upon the confession, the officers
of _ Colusa County, Cal.. were communi
cated with and an investigation was Insti
tuted which resulted In Leonard's story
of the hold-up and murder being verified
In every particular. Governor Sayres to
day honored a requisition by the Governor
of California for the return of Leonard
to the scene of the murder, where he will
stand trial for the crime. Sheriff J H
Sherer of Colusa County was here to-day
on his way to. Hondo, where he will take
charge of the self-confessed murdere?
and return with him to California.
Trouble Brews Among
Northern Transpor
tation Lines.
Conscience Stricken Man
Gives Himself Up to
Authorities.
In regard to the immediate causes of the
war, - continued ; Chamberlain, it was not
only impossible' for a great nation to al
low its subjects to be humiliated or op
pressed, .its engagements broken and
black races oppressed, but the very ex
istence, of i the, empire was Involved, and
the Government was pledged to continue
It until the danger from which they had
escaped was forever averted.
After a reference to "shallow observers
abroad, who foretold Great Britain's
downfall," Chamberlain concluded with a
glowing, tribute to the colonies, who
throughout the war, he said, had demon
strated their intention to share the obli
gations as well as the privileges of the
empire. It was a long step toward the
consolidation which was now within
measure of practical accomplishment. He
did not envy the statesman who would be
willing to compromise the issue for which
the empire fought. The nation was not
vindictive to its enemies. If they surren
dered to-day they would be welcomed as
friends to-morrow. The expulsion of those
who caused the war was only a measure
of self-preservation. Similarly, immunity
for treason was not humanity, . but was
cruelty to the loyalists and to the Boers,
who now in thousands, ¦_ recognizing the
futility of the struggle, were aiding Great
Britain to end the war. In justice to those,
who had died, and as , security ' for tXs
survivors, the Boers must be made "to
recognize that they are divided," and from
them must be taken the barest possibility
of repeating the attempt. To do otherwise
would be to invite the contempt of for
eign countries, whose affection it seemed
impossible for them- to gain, .but whose
respect, at any rate, Hhey were . able to
secure. ¦ / .
. Replying to a toast to himself and wife
at the luncheon, which took place In the
Mansion House, Chamberlain said: i
"My wife is of two nationalities, but as
those are the two which it is the chief ob-J
ject of our diplomacy to keep in /agree
ment and affectionate accord, I hope you
will think that my wife's position is no
disadvantage." (Mrs. Chamberlain was a
Miss Endicott of Boston. Her father was
Secretary of War in President Cleveland's
Cabinet.) " : • •• ¦¦¦': .
Referring to the colonial support of the
South African war, Chamberlain observed
that it would nave special effect in. the
"United States, "whose , friendship we' de
sire, of ail others, to keep and enjoy.','
LONDON, Feb. 13.— This metropolis be
stowed its highest distinction on Joseph
Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary, to
day, when at the Guildhall it conferred
on him the freedom of the city. Mrs.
Chamberlain accompanied * her husband,*
and they were greeted on their arrival
with a fanfare of trumpets. Mr. and Mrs.
Chamberlain were conducted to the libra
ry, where they were received by the Lord
Mayor, Sir Joseph Dimsdale, and the
Lord Mayoress. THe hair was crowded,
among those present being Chamberlain's
political colleagues and adherents, who
duly applauded the bestowal of the city's
freedom.- The address in connection with
the presentation congratulated Chamber
lain on the eervices he had rendered to
the empire during the last twenty-five
years, dwelling especially on the way in
which he had welded the colonies to
gether.
In replying Chamberlain disclaimed any
intention of making political capital out of
the occasion, but he said he thought he
might, in behalf of the Government, make
an appeal for national support. The Gov
ernment had two great national objects
In view— to establish beyond question Brit
ish authority in South Africa and to
maintain the unity of the empire. Both
objects were involved In the South Afri
can war. The war would always be mem
orable because it had called out a greater
military effort- than ever, before asked
from Great Britain, and because it had
shown to friend' and foe the potential
strength and almost inexhaustible re
sources of the empire. He had not
thought it necessary to stoop to meet the
imputations of national greed, lust of ter
ritory or personal ambition and criminal
motives suggested by the insignificant
minority, since the war had the approval
of sister nations across the seas.
CHAMBEBXArN" TALKS OP WAS
COMBINE MAY
BE SHUTTERED
Judge Harrington in reply denounced
the attorneys for the defense for their
His .associates. Raker and Harris, asked
the privilege of a recess to permit them
to consult as to the advisability of clos
ing their case, and on the reassembling
of court Jim Brown, the defendant, ad
dressed the court, saying: that at a very
critical period his counsel was sent ¦ to
Jail and he asked permission of the court
to submit his case.
This was as far as Spencer was per
mitted to go. The Judge called the Sheriff
and the lawyer spent the hours until noon
in a c«ll. - - - -
ately began a severe criticism of the
methods of the lawyers engaged In the
prosecution. He complained that they
had violated rules of law and intimated
that the proceedings on their part had
been farcical.
lynching case, put a damper on
Superior Judge Harrington's benignity a
few minutes alter the Modoc jurist
reached the bench. The defense an
nounced that it "rested," but there was
no resting on the part of Spencer, and he
¦was committed to jail for a few hours.
Judge Harrington had endeavored to
convey an idea of his desire for peace in
court and & more decorous handling of
the case by the representatives of the
accused Lookout man. Spencer immedi-
ALTURAB. Feb. 13.-The refractory
conduct of Lawyer Spencer, one
of the counsel for Jim Brown, at
this morning's session in the
MURDER MYSTERY
IS MADE CLEAR
Boyd took the matter as a personal af
front and told Raker he was telling a de
liberate falsehood. Raker denied the
charge and hot words followed, during
which the excitement in the courtroom
grew intense, Boyd practically challeng-
Ing Raker to a fistic combat. Raker said
ie would not notice a "mosquito like
Boyd." Boyd replied that Raker could
not make him back down on any propo
sition. The court took the opportunity
to tell Raker he was continually insulting
members of the court and cut him off
from further argument on the question
ing point The court adjourned until to
morrow.
George Howell, brother of John Howell,
who was on the stand for the defense
yesterday, was next called. The witness
was~asked If he had not had a conver
sation with James Boyd, one of the coun
sel for the prosecution, on Tuesday night
last, In which he had stated to Boyd that
he had not taken any mules to Lookout
on Monday, May 27 last, as testified to by
Walter Cross and substantiated by oth
ers. The question raised another storm.
Raker claiming that the prosecution was
manufacturing evidence, and made other
Insulting charges.
insulting conduct toward the bench dur
ing the progress of the trial, with the
view, as the court claimed, of influencing
the jury by angering the court and thus
getting him to make some ruling palpa
bly prejudicial to the defense in the case.
Frank Tetreau, a Redding business
man, who stopped at the Myers Hotel on
the night of the lynching and who gave
testimony against the accused on direct
examination, was the first witness placed
on • the ¦ stand by the prosecution in re
buttal. He repeated his former state
ments.
' LONDON, Feb. 13.— In the House of
Commons to-day, replying to a question,
the War Secretary, Brodrick, said that an
officer of the remount department, sta
tioned at New Orleans, had been accused
of receiving a comntssion and had been
«crdered to sue his accuser or resign from
the British army. The officer resigned.
Since then there had been a careful su
pervision of the purchasing operations at '
New Orleans.
Accused Officer Resigns.
LONDON, Feb. 14.-According to the
Tangier correspondent of the Morning
Post, the Benimsara tribe, which kid
r.aped two Spaniards some months ago.
has been attacked by the Gesgna tribes.
Three of the Benimsara villages were
burned, and thirty-eight of the tribe, in
cluding eight chiefs, were killed.
Benimsara Tribe for Kidnaping
Two Spaniards.
Gesgnas Make Murderous Attack on
BXTBTN THBEE VILLAGES
•AND KILL THE TRIBESMEN
proved. The report of Harriet Taylor
Upton, treasurer, was submitted, as fol
lows:
Receipts for the year were $13,561; bal
ance, $9810. Three bequests were paid within
the year, viz.: Mrs. Jones Green of -Virginia.
$100; Dr. Helen J. Underwood of California.
$100; Mrs. Charlotte A. Cleveland of Perry. N.
Y.. $2000. New York contributed more money
than any other State, giving $3310. The five
States paying the largest dues and therefore
having the largest societies, were Massachu
setts, Iowa. Nebraska and Pennsylvania. Th?
largest percentage of gain was made by Ken
tucky, where Miss Laura Clay is president. The
membership of the association has increased
and the outlook for future growth and develop
ment is most encouraging.
Susan B. Anthony Speaks.
Susan B. Anthony at this point stated
that she had a little scheme for getting
some money out of Uncle Sam. It was
that when Mrs. Catt spoke before the
committee of Congress on Tuesday of
next week she should deliver a portion
of her annual address and then ask
"leave to print." By this means, she
said, the Government will print the en
tire speech and it can be sent under
governmental frank to every State ,in the
Union.
Miss Upton announced that the rail
roads had granted an unusual concession
In extending the date of tickets to Feb
ruary 28.
Mrs. French of Rhode Island gave no
tice of an amendment to the bylaws pro
viding that whenever twenty-five mem
bers of any State petition the executive
committee that any question shall be re
ferred to the State association for con
sideration such question shall be so re
ferred, and if a majority of the States
vote in favor of the same it shall become
a law.
Mrs. Henry Blackwell. chairman of the
committee on Presidential suffrage,
urged every woman in every State to pe
tition their Legislature asking for the
right to vote for Presidential Electors.
Interesting Papers Bead.
The afternoon session was devoted
mainly to addresses by the State presi
dents. Among the speakers was Mrs. M.
L. "Wood, the California president.
"A Captivating Alliance." the first pa
per, was read by Mrs. Helen Adelaide
Shaw of Boston. In the course of her re
marks. Mrs. Shaw paid a hearty tribute
This lasted for some twenty minutes,
when gradually the rattle died down. Only
the crack of single shots was heard. ' Then
all was quiet again. The Boers' attempt
to break the British circle had failed. A
few of them succeeded. In crossing the
line, and among them was General De
wet. ¦:¦
LONDON, Feb. 13.— The detailed ac
counts which have just reached here of
Lord Kitchener's combined movement to
drive out the Boers from the inclosure of
blockhouse lines show that the conflict
was very picturesque and the most ex
citing incident of .the whole campaign.
Although apparently surrounded by an
impenetrable ring of fire and steel, the
Boers vrtth dauntless bravery and. dash
ing charges ultimately escaped from the
meshes of Lord Kitchener's close drawn
net. , \
The British commander s scheme was
the most extensive ever carried out dur
ing the present war. It consisted" of a
continuous line of fifty miles in length.
Lord Kitchener personally directed opera
tions and was soon in dose tough 'With
every detail of the movements. The Boers,
though hard pressed," shrank .from at
tempcing to cross 1 the railroad, which was
patrolled throughout the night by armored
trains equipped .with powerful search
lights. The train lights were sup
plemented by stationary searchlights,
and the spectacular effect was most
striking. By the side of. the rail
road were the dark forms of men lying in
trenches or 'standing doing sentry duty.
The gloom of the moonless night was ¦• in
termittently relieved by the sweep of the
searchlights. „ . ' ¦
The battle at Heilbron raged from - 4
o'clock Friday night until Saturday mornr
ing. From various positions behind rocks
the Boers kept up a vigorous fusillade,
hoping to find a weak spot in the line.
Simultaneously others charged, but again
and again were the Boers repulsed, leav- '
ing dead, wounded and prisoners in the
hands of the British. ?
At the outset of the preparations the
Boers realized that the operations were
not merely an ordinary "drive," but a
movement threatening them with total
annihilation, and General Dewet. assem
bled his whole force and discussed the
situation with the commanders, with the
result that the Boers were split into three
forces. On Thursday night 500 Boers
rushed a force of Imperial Light Horse.
About 100 burghers got through, but the
remainder, encountering a tremendous
fire, were turned back.
Friday night's conflict ebbed and swelled
over an area of forty to fifty miles, in
which the long-hunted, „ harassed and
desperate men endeavored to find outlets.
The Boers at one spot got within thirty
yards of the British firing line, but the
barbed wire balked the burghers and
forced them to retreat. The firing now
ceased. Aided by the electric searchlights
the British harrowed the surrounding
territory with shrapnel, shells and Maxim
bullets. In the northern section the Boers
made a desperate effort to break through.
Collecting a number of cattle, the Boers
drove them down on the British lines.
Bending low in their saddles, they rode
among the cattle, making it impossible to
distinguish them in the darkness.
The British pickets opened a .terrible
i flre and the Boers were everywhere met
I with a relentless hail of bullets. A long
line of flame ran up and down the firing
line, nearly thirty miles in. length, as the
armored trains flashed their searchlights
over miles of country. .The reports of the
quick-firing guns , along -the- entrenched
line and the booming of the Reid.. guns
and pompoms sounded, very deep amid
the sharp crackling of the musketry,
while Heilbron fort contributed to the din
I with the deep roar of its naval gun.
W WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.-At an
,)\ jf • informal meeting of the Na
\Lf\f -.tlonal American Woman Suf-
V v f rage Association to-day, held
previous to the calling to
gether of the regular, convention, the sub.
ject of organization and advancement of
the cause of woman suffrage was dis
cussed. Mary G. Hay of New York pre
sided. She said two State officers had
remarked that woman suffrage would
come just the same if there was no or
ganization;- that it would come through
the process of evolution. This statement
caused a number of the delegates to'aiu
nounce .that they wished It known that
they entertained no such sentiments and
asked for the names of the. two State
officers, ! but Miss Hay declined to give
them. Education, Miss Hay argued, was
necessary to . success. . She advised all
present to Join clubs, "with the idea of
sowing a little suffrage seed." She de
clared that evolution might bring suf
frage, but It would be accomplished
quicker if evolution was helped along.
Increased Aotivity Urged.
A number of the delegates urged in
creased - activity in the matter ot mem
bership, f
Mrs. Catt said she would be glad if a
resolution would be introduced in the con
vention to double the membership and
thereby set everybody to work. Two years
ago, Mrs. Catt explained, after the con
vention had' adjourned, a "request was
sent throughout the nation to try to
double the membership, but some people
felt that it did not receive the inspiration
it would have had had the convention in
dorsed it. The. members at once acted
upon the suggestion and decided if to be
the ¦ sense of the -organization that all
should join in an effort to double the
membership. : ¦
When tn« association proper was called
to order by President Catt for its second
day's session there was but a slight fall
ing off in the attendance notwithstanding
the intensely cold weather.
Reports of Officers.
Reports from the committee on creden
tials, board of auditors and the corre
sponding secretary were read and ap-
African War.
* . ¦ 1 - ......
Most Picturesque and Excit
ing Fighting in the South
The discussion of the topic of "From
Statutes to Statutes," gave Miss Gaile
Laughlin- of New York an opportunity to
speak of: the work and possibilites of
women y.i the legal profession. To obtain
the full measure of success, woman, she
•declared , must stand on her f eet v clothed
with tta* full right of citizenship; success
in the kaw must depend upon the absolute
obliteration of sex prejudice. Those per
sons opposed to the advancement of
•women , she said, are on the ebbtide.
A paper | on "Pills in Politics" by Dr.
Cora Smit h Eaton of Minneapolis was
next read.
Mrs. Eliza' oeth Gllmer (Dorothy Dix)
of New OrH;ans contributed a very In
teresting pa per on "The Lady and the
Quill," deau.ng on the relations of women
to the new spapers.
to the civil service record of President
Roosevelt tfnd in this connection, she as
serted, that ho was with the woman suf
fragists In th/ 3ir efforts to obtain the bal
lot for women.
Escape From Kitchener's
Meshes by. Dashing
Charges.
Reports of Satisfactory Progress Are Made at the' Meetings
of the National American Association, and Papers of a
Most Interesting Nature Are Read by the Members
BOERS BREAK
THROUGH THE
BRITISH RING
ORGANIZATION AND ADVANCEMENT
OF THE CAUSE OF WOMAN SUFFRAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1902.
Judge Harrington Resents Remarks Made by Attorney
Spencer, One of the Counsel for an Alleged Lyncher,
and Declares That There Shall Be No More Criticism
MODOC JURIST IMPRISONS A LAWYER
AND PEACE HAS FLOWN AT ALTURAS
3
Magic.
~ Th* .way Ealva-cea cures Piita,-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE PURE V J
GRAIN COFFEE
Some people can't drink coffee ;
everybody can drink Grain-O. It
looks and tastes like coffee, but it
is made from pure grains. No
coffee in it.
Grain-O is cheaper than coffee;
costs about one-quarter as much.
¦ Allgrocere; 15cmadt5c
€ QKE 1 COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gas Coke lor sale to families
and to the trade at reduced rates.
Oppression. Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. FOUdERA & CO.
SOU) BY ALL DRUGGISTS
TJTJTTQTJC'Q FOR BARBERS - Wk-
nrSlJ OJULJ-lO er « bootblacks, bats-
•^ w houses, billiard tablev
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannero
ejrers. oourmllle. foundries, laundries, paptr-
bk&rers. printers, painters, aboe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. <^09 Sacramento St
¦ ¦ M ¦ /A Ammunition and Sporting
fi I 811 €¦ Goods. Largest Stock. Low-
ill HI ett Prices. Until close of
HE Ifi » m m hunting £easoa will offer
I JLJ I U \J runs at reduced prices.
¦ ¦ Send for catalogue.
SHEETS t BA.RBEE CO..
739 Market St. and Sll Zetrnj St
IA/. X. HESS,
K0TAKT PUBLIC AND ATT0SHEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main 883.
Residence. 821 California »t.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
«aus signature 1b on every box of the gexmln«
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
feu tcxaedj tlut core* • cold la one Oaj*
Men's sack suits at The sale of boys'
pne=half their for= suits and coats will
mer prices soon end
If you want one Of those sack suits at Some time during the coming week we will
$6:6c you will have to hurry— they are clos , e «>e »ie of boys' and youths' suits ana
*:s:SrJ J n .,, ., - r . v t. J , coats, as the goods will be entirely sold out. If
taking Well With thrifty buyers Who you wait until after to-morrow in' making your
know Values When they See them. purchases for the boy you may be disappointed.
• Still it doesn't take a very good judge The values speak for themselves,
of clothes to realize the extent of a value r-, •. *. m - /•«•,-» -
when a $12.^0 suit is.selling for $6.6$. TW0=piece& Norfolk Suits
These .SUitS are Scotch mixtures in ; Made of Scotch tweeds and cheviots in neat
Single "and double breasted Styles, Win- mixtures, ages 8 to i6and 3 to 10, respectively,
ter- weight materials; we are out of some on sale in two lots: Suits worth $2.75, $3.00
sizes in some of.thepatterns, but allsizes %£g£%£™ l ***T *™'
are represented in .the suits as a whole; - V
the sale price is Suits
JT> BEST Made of- winter-weight materials, in many
m*^k patterns, single or double breasted^ former
:\Jm\jKj - prices S7.00, S8.50, , $ 10.00 and $12.50; now
¦ ' ¦ ¦ " k • X 6 Ci XX C C Q \ O ~^fr^Mmm^M+ ¦ •
As announced. last week, another ship-' ToOCOats
ment of our popular $9 suits has arrived ., , > . \ ... * „ u* u^
£ ,- ,,,^»-i^v-./-»«o. • *w«, «r»r.«-*~,^«4. :~ Made of covert material in neat, light shades
from OUr workshops, the assortment IS Qf tan> Topcoats for children from 3 to 8 years,
very extensive, comprising rough and former price $4.00, now.$2.6O; topcoats for
Smooth v cheviots in 'black .-and White boys from 9 to 13, reduced from $5.00 to $3.20;
Stripes, OHye shades and brown 'mix- topcoats tor yojths from 14 to. 19, marked
tufes, blue- s erges and black clay wor- down from * 6 - 5° t0 $4 - 00 -
steds in single and double breasted sacks; . Vnker rm t *
union made and guaranteed; price ~ f u " vc *- ucll ' i)
- . v . « Made of all-wool tweeds in herring-bone'
. tiyV^^L' ; ' f\ f\k~ ' ' ' weaves, invisible stripes, checks and pmhead
M^^S B f$8 B" effects, comprisingmany nobby mixtures, ages
J~\y .^^ \jr, ' . 4 to 14 years, former prices $6.oo and $7.00,
• now reduced to $4.65.
; A- glance at our : ". « • - ¦».._.' .. ' » Oat-»o?^ town orders
windows will always^ w \ •"> -M^A /f j^^^ B^^ t^ i^"^T\l filled— write us for
prove interesting, • i^M * e/w/ H II In w J^i fif H El ar| y th ' n & in men's
whether you needV^^ I /^ "^ W \~r Bw^ \3? I! tl* 011 boys' clothing,
clothes, hats or f ur- ;¦ "X v ¦* w:w--mi" '¦'¦•¦ ¦ ---¦¦• -^"¦-:y-.» -i|^^, .. furnishings or
fishings. 718 Market Street hats *FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14.
BRITISH SHIP ANDORINHA. WHICH MADE. A QUICK TRIP FROM ACAPULCO. BUT WAS DETAINED FOR
THREE DAYS OUTSIDE THE PORT BY SOUTHEASTERLY WINDS. IX ADDITION THE ENTIRE CREW
WAS SUFFERING WITH FEVER AND; AGUE. , * •,
FROM SEATTLE.
Schr Barbara Hernster. hence Feb 12. for
Eureka. . ... (^
Passed Feb 13 — Stmr Aberdeen, from Eure
ka, lor San Pedro; stmr Mlneola,, from Na
naimo. for Port Loa Angeles. - -
BANDON— Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Areo. Tor
San Francisco.
COQUILLE RIVER— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr
Mandalny. from San Francisco, hence Feb 11.
Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Argo. for San , Fran
cisco. "
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr City o£
Seattle, from Skagway; stmr Cify of Puebla;
hence Feb 10. . ' '
Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Umatilla, for Saa
Francleco; Br stmr Algoa, for Manila.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Aztec,
from Port Los Angeles; Br bark Falklrk,
from Seattle: U S stmr Grant, from Port
Towneend; Br hark Cambrian, from Carrizal.
Sailed Feb 13 — Stmr Asuncion, for San
Francisco. . . .
POUT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 13— Bktn
Skaglt. for San Pedro; bark Tidal Wave and
echr John G. North, for San Francisco.
QUARTPJRMASTER HARBOR — Arrived
Feb 13— Br ship Kennlngton, from Iquique.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Feb 13— Schr Nov
elty, for San Francisco. Has been bar bound
for six days. ¦
Arrived Feb IS — Schr Advent, hence Feb 1.
POINT REYES— Passed Feb 13, S:15 a, m.—
NOTE: — In the above exposition of tbe tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tbe
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver and Victoria,
B. C, for Kobe, Nagasaki, Shanghai and
Hongkong.
HONGKONCJ — Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Empress
of India, for Victoria and Vancouver, B. C,
via Shanghai. Nagasaki, Kobe and Yoko-
LIZARD — Passed Feb 14, 1 :40 a. m. — Stmr
l'Aquitaine, from New York, for Havre.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Ger
manic, from • Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
Island, from Copenhagen and Christiansend.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Feb 13 — Stmr Rotter
dam, for New York, via Boulogne Sur Mer.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Preto
ria, from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg, and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN-— Sailed Feb 13 — Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York: stmr Rhynland, for Phil
adelphia (both from Liverpool).
LONDON— Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Mesaba, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Feb 13 — Steamer
Oceanic, from New York; stmr Weeterland.
from Philadelphia: stmr Parisian, from St.
John. N. B. t and Halifax.
GLASGOW— Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Buenos
Ayrean. for Philadelphia.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Glenfarge,
from Seattle, Hiogo,. etc., for London.
• YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Ching
Wo. from Glasgow. Singapore, etc., for Seattle;
stmr Ping Suey, 'from Tacoma, for Hongkong.
MALTA — Arrived Feb 13 — Stmr Auguste Vic
toria, from New York, for Constantinople,
etc., on a cruise.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
• DEAL— Passed Feb 11— Br bark Dovenby,
fence Sent 28, for Mistley.
HONGKONG — Arrived arior to Feb 12— Stmr
City of Peking, hence Jan 11.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 12— Br bark
William Law, for .
CAPE BEALE— Passed Feb 13— Dutch etmr
Folmina, from Java, for British Columbia
(with machinery disabled).
GUATEMALA— Sailed Feb 12— Ger stmr
Isls. for San Francisco.
IQUIQUE — Arrived Feb 12— Schr Sehome.
from Chemalnus. .
SANGOR— Arrived Feb 13— Br stmr Ven»
nor, from Vancouver, for Calcutta, to load for
San Francisco.
CORONEL— Arrived. Feb 13— Stmr Orego
nian, from New York. ¦ for San Francisco.
VICTORIA. B. C— Sailed Feb 13— Stmr
Umatilla, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 13— Schr Forrest
Home, hence Jan 31; Br ship Star of Germany,
from Taltal.
Sailed Feb 13 — Br bark Renfleld. fcr Queens
town; schr Compeer, for Kahului; stmr Lakme,
for San Fra.ncisco.
Sailed Feb 13 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran-.
Cisco; Br bark Aberystwith Castle, for Austra
lia; stmr Arctic, for San Francisco.
KAHULUI— In Dort Feb 3— Stmr Tamplco:
bark Edward and May; schr James Rolph.
To sell Feb 13— Schr James Rolph, for Sar.
Francisco.
NEAH BAT— Passed in Feb 13— Bark Fer
ris S. Thompson, hence Feb 8. for Seattle;
Nor;stmr Tltania. hence Feb 10. for NanaimD.
Passed out Feb 13— Stmr Eureka, from
Seattle, for Honolulu: Br ship Celtic Queen.
from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
EUREKA-Arriveu Feb 13-Schr Lottie
Carson, from Guaymas: bktn Amelia, from
Honolulu. .
NOTE — Tbe high and low water's occur at
the city* front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tbe height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay.' Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, XT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 13, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
P. m.. Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th*
fourth tim* column gives the last tide of tha
day. except when there are but three tides, oa
sometimes occurs. Tbe heights given are In
addition to tbe soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given la subtracted from the depth given by th«
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
OFFICERS OF STEAMSHIP GUATEMALA DECLARE THAT RECENT BATTLE BETWEEN GUNBOATS DID NOT RUFFLE PANAMA
Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
. i Thursday, February 13.
Stmr Alcatraz, Martin. 43 hours from Port
Los AnseJes. -¦ . ' ¦
Stmr National City, . Johnson. 16 hours from
Fort Brag?.
fitmr Coos Bay, Glelow, 60 hours from New
port (S.).
Stmr Luella. Olsen, 18 hours from Caspar.
U S stmr Farragut, Fenton, from cruise, h
Stmr Snckane. Alexander. 41 hours from
San Die~o. - . ;
Br simr Guatemala. Harris, 36 days from
Valparaiso and way ports.
Stmr Hyades, Garlich, 10 days from Hono
lulu, via Kahului 10 days. '•
Fr bark Marie Molinos, Jan, 83 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Viking, Mortenson, 43 days from Guay
mas.
Schr Chas. E. Falk. Henningsen, 10 , daya
from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Thursday, February 13.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin. Greenwood.
Stmr WestDort, Erickson. Eureka.
Stmr Gualala. Genereaux, .
Nor stmr Thyra, Halverson, Portland.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick. Dettmers, Eureka.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Seattle.
f<mr G. C. Lindauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
SiVr Procrreso, Hardins. Seattle.
Ship Wm. H. Smith, Ellis, Melbourne.
Ger shin Peru. Schierloh, Queenstown.
Fr bark Duchesrss Anne, Vausrhan, Queens
town.
Fr bark Cassard, Allaire, Bristol.
Ger schr Gazelle, Niemann. Matupi.
Schr Rosamond, Johnsori, Honolulu.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola. Eureka.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson, Coos Bay.
Schr Parkersburc. Ellingsen, Coquille River.
Schr Letitia. Zachary, Grays Harbor. .
Thursday. February 13.
Ship Wm. H. Smith, Ellis Melbourne: J. J.
Moore & Co.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 13 — 10 p. m. — "Weather
cloudy, wind southeast: velocity 18 miles per
hour.
SPOKEN.
Dec 7, off Cape Horn — Br ship Laomen;,
from Antwerp for Port Los Anseles.
Jan 10, 27 S, 131.5S W— Br ship Australian,
hence Oct 16, for Queenstown:
Feb 5, 47 W. 27 W — Br ship Olivebank.
hence Oct 26. for Queenstown.
Per stmr Hyades— T"eb 8, lat 29.45 N, Ion*
142.40 W, H. B. M. stmr Phaeton, from San
Krancipco, in search of missing H. B. M. stmr
Condor.
MEMORANDUM.
DISASTER.
Per schr Viking, from Guaymas, Feb 13--
Xov 13, 22 N, 107 \V. carried away foremast
head in heavy NW ffale; also disabled steer-
Ing gear. Have been oft this port 5 days
with strong SE gales and a. rough bar.
EUREKA, Feb 12— Schr Occidental, from San
I'edro, lor Eureka, totally wrecked • Sunday,
Feb 0. at Point Gorda. All hands saved.
Captain and crew left Petrolia this morning
for Eureka.
In Eureka, Feb 12 — H. D. Bendixsen. ship
builder.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 13— Aus
stmr Jtva, from Shanghai; Br stmr Kintuck,
from Singapore.
Arrived tVb 13 — Schr Queen, hence Feb 2.
Sailed Feb 1.1 — Schr Alice Cooke. from Port
Gamble, for Honolulu; bktn Skagit, from Port
Gamble, for San Pedro; bark Tidal Wave, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 13— Stmrs Empire
and Arcata. for San Francisco...
Arrived Fet/ 13 — Sclr Free Trade, hence
Feb 9; schr Jennie Wand, hence Feb 4; achr
Gotama, hence Jan 25.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Feb 12 — Sttnr Ho
mer, frcm Euigha.
Arrived FebTLS— Stmr Ruth hence from Eu
reka: stmr Pasadena, from Eureka: stmr Bo
nita, hence Feb 11; stmr Charles Nelson, hence
Feb 12.
Sailed Feb 12 — Schr Excelsior, for Port
Blakeley; stmr Bonita, for San Francisco.
A Cargo for Australia.
The ship W. H. Smith was cleared yesterday
for Melbourne. Aus., with the following cargo,
valued at $78,3S2: 44,804 ctls barley, 3000
doors and- 487,378 ft lumber. ¦ - - ~> = - •
British bark Cumbrian, wheat or flour at Ta
coma for Europe, 37s 6d. Both vessels char
tered prior to arrival.
The Guatemala's cabin passengers were:
Thomas Swales, Abel Rios. Gertrude Ben
nett, Harry Newman. Henry Burton, M.
Macias. John Bradbury, Harry Swaln
bank. John Hallett and wife, H. Hickey,
John Ohoehub and R. B. Sumner.
The Lautaro has had a stormy career.
This episode in Panama Bay makes the
third time she has gone to the bottom.
She was built in 1872 for the Compania
Sud Americana de Vapores. During the
war between Chile and Peru she was used
as a transport by the Chilean Government.
She was captured by the Peruvians, with
Colonel Bulnes and his regiment of cav
alry aboard, and taken to Callao. When
the Chileans took Lima the Peruvians
sank all the ships, including the Lau
laro. which was then known as the
Uimac and lying at Callao. She was
raised, taken to Valparaiso and there
bought at auction by her original owners.
When leaving Los Vilos about three years
jigo ehe hit a rock and once more went to
the bottom. She was raised, renovated
and has been usefully engaged until the
Colombian Government took possession of
her and used her for a navy. -She will
prohably be raised again, as, although she
took fire during the battle and although
several explosions took place on board,
she was four hours sinking and is not
thought to be badly damaged.
;»f|«^HE steamship Guatemala arrived
jj yesterday from Valparaiso. She
I brought about twenty passengers
UL and 500 tons of freight, including
five cases of treasure. ¦ Among
the passengers was John Bradbury of Los
Angeles, who has been south looking after
his mining interests. The Guatemala ar
rived in Panama the day after the naval
battle and anchored within a few feet of
the sunken Lautaro. The officers of the
Guatemala say that there was little ex
citement in Panama as the result of the
battle. There were about 3003 soldiers In
the city and preparations were under way
to resist any furtber attack by the Insur
gents, but stores were all open, trains
running and business gping on pretty
much as usual. The soldiers of the repub
lic are mostly small boys. .The regiments
are accompanied by womeji, who carry
the knapsacks for such of the little sol
diers as possess them, attend to the
cooking of euch food as can be got and do
a Httle of the fighting when occasion
calls. When the Guatemala Jeft Panama
an effort was being made to, recover the
body of General Alhan, which. went down
with the Lautaro. Alban's successor was
expected to arrive from Barranquilla
som« days after the Guatemala sailed.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
•y^ t Italisr: ship Sajvatore Ciampa will load
uhciu" at thls port * or Europe. STt 6d; the
The non-arrival at Oyster Bay of the
ship Oriental is causing some anxiety.
She left here twenty-eight days ago. The
voyage usually takes about a week. A
morning paper now running a marine ex
change reported the arrival of the Ori
ental at Oyster Bay a week ago. The
local agents wired there yesterday and
were Informed that the vessel had not
rut in an appearance. The steamship
Hyades. reported by this marine ex
change an Sunday as a few miles out,
ilia not arrive until last evening, and the
I?ritish ship Cawdor. reported by the
f=ame concern several days ago, has not
yet arrived.
Erroneous Shipping' Keports.
Outside fer Six Days.
The schooner Viking, forty-three days
from Guaymas and for the last week
boating about the vicinity of the Faral
lones. get into port yesterday somewhat
disabled. During the voyage a heavy north
wester carried away the schooner's fore
masthead and disabled her steering gear.
When she got off the port the southeast
erly ¦weather -was too much for her In. her
broken-down condition. For four days she
beat about trying to get a* friendly slant
of wind, and when it did come the bar
was too rough for safe crossing, so for
forty-eight hours she remained at anchor
near the lightship.
rHE SAN vFEANCISCQ CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7 1 4, 1902.
TO SAtL.
4
Sun rises .* 7:01
Sun sets 5:47
Moon sets O:CO a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
J. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L W, ¦ H W L W
14~ sTsi) 5.1 10:17 1.2 4:51 3.S 9:53 ~2*3
15 4:20 5.2 11:31 0.9 6:2S 8.7 10:59 2.8
16 5:21 5.212:40 0.4 7:49 3.9.....J
L \V H W L. W H "Wi
17 0:11 2.9 6:29 5.3 1:44 0.1 8:53 4 2
18 1:22 2.9 7:38 5.4 2:40 — 0.2 8:44 4.5
19 2:24 2.9 8:41 5.6 3:29 — 0.4 10:28 4.8
20 3:20 2.7 0:38 5.7 4:14-^0.4 11:10 5.1
21 4:11 2.3 10:31 5.7 4:56|— 0.3 11:48 5.3
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City Crescent City |Feb. 14
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma |Feb. 14
Pomona Humboldt IFeb. 14
Zealandia Tahitt ; |Feb. 14
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Feb. 14
Arcata Coos Bay & Port OrfordtFeb. 15
Mackinaw... Tacoma Feb. 15
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 15
Washtenaw. . ITacoma Feb. 15
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Feb. 15
Nippon Maru China & Japan |Feb. la
Luxor Hamburg & West CoastlFeb. 15
Asuncion Tacoma IFeb. 15
Kainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. IFeb. ltf
Victoria Oyster Harbor IFeb. 18
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Portal Feb. 18
BonlU Newport & Way Ports. (Feb. lti
Umatllla Puget SounU Ports Feb. Hi
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 1)5
Chehalis ...... San Pedro Feb. 17
Pleiades, Seattle Feb. 17
Sonoma...... »ydney <& Way Ports.. FeU. 17
San Juan.... Panama <& Way Ports.. Kee. 18
Columbia Portland & Astoria Feb. 1»
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. Feb. 20
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena Feb. 20
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way PortslFeb. 20
Mandalay Coquille River |Feb. 21
City of Puebli Puget Sound Ports Feb. 21
Newburg.... San Pedro Feb. 21
Peru China & Japan Feb. 22
.North Kork.. Humboldt Feb. 22
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 23
Steamer, r Destination. | Sails, t Pier.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
February 14. |
Seauola Grays Harbor 5 pmlPler 9
Argo Coquille Ktver 5 pmlPler 2
February 15. I
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amiPier 2
S Monica.. Humbdldt 10 ami Pier 2
Pt Arena Point Arena 2 pmlPier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & "Way. 9 am|Pier 11
Doric .. . China & Japan ... 1 pm|PMSS
Alameda . Honolulu 2 pmlPler 7
Queen Fuget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
' February 16.
Pomona .. Humboldt .J 1:30 p Pier a
Spokane S. Diego & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 9 ami Pier 3
February IT. i
Chehalla... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 23
Phoenix Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
G Elder . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
February 18.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 10 am Pier 13
Empire C003 Bay 10 am Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ,.. 5 pm Pier 2
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mlPier 1O
Acapulco. .. Panama ft Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
J Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Febrnary 1O.
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am | Pier 11
Australia.. Tahiti direct (about) 2 pmiPier 7
Hyades Honolulu & Kahului 12 m Pier 20
February 2O.
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla. . . Pusret Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
Febrnary 21.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
February 22.
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
February 25.
Nippon Mar China & Japan ! 1 pmlPMSS
CltyPuebla Puget Sound Ports. |11 amlPler 9
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagrway & Way Ports. Feb. U
Farallon Skagrway & Way Ports. |Feb. 14
E. Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pta.iFeb. 13
City of Seattle Ska a; way & Way Ports. I Feb. 16
DIrigo ... Skagway & Way Ports. |Feb. 20
Sun rises .* 7:01
Sun sets 5:47
Moon sets O:CO a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
J. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L W, ¦ H W L W
14~ sTsi) 5.1 10:17 1.2 4:51 3.S 9:53 ~2*3
15 4:20 5.2 11:31 0.9 6:2S 8.7 10:59 2.8
16 5:21 5.212:40 0.4 7:49 3.9.....J
L \V H W L. W H "Wi
17 0:11 2.9 6:29 5.3 1:44 0.1 8:53 4 2
18 1:22 2.9 7:38 5.4 2:40 — 0.2 8:44 4.5
19 2:24 2.9 8:41 5.6 3:29 — 0.4 10:28 4.8
20 3:20 2.7 0:38 5.7 4:14-^0.4 11:10 5.1
21 4:11 2.3 10:31 5.7 4:56|— 0.3 11:48 5.3
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagrway & Way Ports. Feb. U
Farallon Skagrway & Way Ports. |Feb. 14
E. Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pta.iFeb. 13
City of Seattle Ska a; way & Way Ports. I Feb. 16
DIrigo ... Skagway & Way Ports. |Feb. 20
Steamer, r Destination. | Sails, t Pier.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
February 14. |
Seauola Grays Harbor 5 pmlPler 9
Argo Coquille Ktver 5 pmlPler 2
February 15. I
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amiPier 2
S Monica.. Humbdldt 10 ami Pier 2
Pt Arena Point Arena 2 pmlPier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & "Way. 9 am|Pier 11
Doric .. . China & Japan ... 1 pm|PMSS
Alameda . Honolulu 2 pmlPler 7
Queen Fuget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
' February 16.
Pomona .. Humboldt .J 1:30 p Pier a
Spokane S. Diego & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 9 ami Pier 3
February IT. i
Chehalla... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 23
Phoenix Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
G Elder . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
February 18.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 10 am Pier 13
Empire C003 Bay 10 am Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ,.. 5 pm Pier 2
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mlPier 1O
Acapulco. .. Panama ft Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
J Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Febrnary 1O.
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am | Pier 11
Australia.. Tahiti direct (about) 2 pmiPier 7
Hyades Honolulu & Kahului 12 m Pier 20
February 2O.
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla. . . Pusret Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
Febrnary 21.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
February 22.
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
February 25.
Nippon Mar China & Japan ! 1 pmlPMSS
CltyPuebla Puget Sound Ports. |11 amlPler 9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City Crescent City |Feb. 14
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma |Feb. 14
Pomona Humboldt IFeb. 14
Zealandia Tahitt ; |Feb. 14
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Feb. 14
Arcata Coos Bay & Port OrfordtFeb. 15
Mackinaw... Tacoma Feb. 15
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 15
Washtenaw. . ITacoma Feb. 15
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Feb. 15
Nippon Maru China & Japan |Feb. la
Luxor Hamburg & West CoastlFeb. 15
Asuncion Tacoma IFeb. 15
Kainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. IFeb. ltf
Victoria Oyster Harbor IFeb. 18
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Portal Feb. 18
BonlU Newport & Way Ports. (Feb. lti
Umatllla Puget SounU Ports Feb. Hi
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 1)5
Chehalis ...... San Pedro Feb. 17
Pleiades, Seattle Feb. 17
Sonoma...... »ydney <& Way Ports.. FeU. 17
San Juan.... Panama <& Way Ports.. Kee. 18
Columbia Portland & Astoria Feb. 1»
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. Feb. 20
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena Feb. 20
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way PortslFeb. 20
Mandalay Coquille River |Feb. 21
City of Puebli Puget Sound Ports Feb. 21
Newburg.... San Pedro Feb. 21
Peru China & Japan Feb. 22
.North Kork.. Humboldt Feb. 22
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 23
BSCBin - - -; mm
__ ¦ , O |
I ; ¦ ! .,*.••' ,'."'.'' "¦ ¦ ¦•*:-. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-¦.¦¦•¦¦•-•.¦ - ¦
a ; ¦; r , , ;, ; , . . . . ;. . . . . . . ; . . ...,...,;,...,., , S
jj . , ,- t —^ «r»«»»e«»«»« ¦«««»»»itt-*'* ---»««»»««*» ««f««»»»»«^«» «.««««.««««. ««««.»»«««««. ..«««««.«.»«. «««««««««.««» «^< t^»»«««»»»««««.« ««.««««.««««»««««««.«. ..-..-^--..-. T -^^.»«»»»^.», SS
s 4 * r ¦¦'-:¦ ¦ ;;. " ¦ ¦ . s
a ... • . . ' . ... ¦ ¦ ¦. .¦¦ ' ¦-. . ' - ¦ ¦ ¦ ;'.; - ] - - . :; ¦
s • . ¦ ¦ • - ¦ ;¦¦:¦;;. '.•.; . . . .- . ¦ ;¦ . >• ¦ ¦- , ) ¦ - - .. i
B5 ? - ; . ¦ . . --••¦••.• - • . . ¦ . . . . , , , . ,, , B
§ ¦ ¦ 9 q-1 ¦ -— , — , — , »». — . j n 9 ;; I
I ! I The wonderful medicine, Ripans Tabules, cured j | j
f | ! me in three weeks after having suffered for five I !
! | j years, My trouble was dyspepsia, and, as 1 ! . I
I i ¦¦¦•;.;-¦ I believe, came from eating too much sweet stuff, j ! j
¦ f At druggists'. The. Five-Gent Packet is enougli for an I
||J \ ¦ The family bottle, 60 cents, con^^^ |
So- : ' ; 1 * . -< ¦ _____ ; . -..-.¦.¦-¦ — V ¦ : --- ¦¦••¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦•¦ — ' - : '- • "'¦ ¦¦•¦'¦¦¦¦ '•¦ " ¦¦ •¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦' ¦ "' ¦¦ .•'¦¦•¦¦:¦•:• . ¦¦'•""•¦¦ ¦¦¦-' ':. ' : ¦ ¦¦ : "A . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ )B iFive Thousand Laborers Strike.
TRIESTE. Feb. 13.— Five thousand la
borers on the docks struck to-day In
sympathy with the firemen enrploved by
the Lloyd Austria Company, who are
now out. Several collisions with the po
lice have occurred and numerous arrests
followed. Troops are arriving here to
maintain order.
MIDDLESBORO. Ky., Feb. 12.— The
precise number of dead as the result of
the battle e.t Turner's "Quarter House"*
saloon yesterday at Sunset is now be
lieved to be five, although there *.re still
reports that ten men were killed. The
known dead are Charley Cecil, the Mid
dlesboro deputy sheriff, who was killed
at the opening of the fight; Mike "Welch,
who was Turner's lieutenant: ¦ Frank
Johnson, Turner's barkeeper; Perry Wat
son and Jen! P. Prader. The last four
men were buried this afternoon in the
same grave at the old Turner burylns
ground.
Lee Turner, the proprietor of the fort
ress and saloon, which were burned,
bought each a handsome casket. Tho
men were his stanchest allies.
John Doyle, the town man who was
thought to have been mortally wounded
probably will recover. Tom Hopper art
old man who was with Turner's ba,nd
was shot three times, but succeeded in
reaching his home alive. •
Lee Turner is now at the mines. Ha
Intends to rebuild his saloon and fort
and says he will remain If he has to keeii
a standing army of five hundred moun
taineers within his palisade.
All la quiet to-night, and It Is believed
that for the present the trouble is over
Bones were found In the ruins of the
burned saloon, but it la not believed thev
are human. A man named Russell is said
to be mlssine. .
The ninety- third anniversary of the
birth of Abraham Lincoln was commem
orated last night at Lincoln Hall, In the
Pioneer building, by Lincoln Post No. 1;
Department of California and Nevada, of
the Grand Army of the Republic. The
hall was filled with veterans of that and
other posts and members of their fami
lies.
The hall was tastefully decorated in the
national colors, and the. programme was
entirely- patriotic In character. The fea
ture of 'the programme was a eulogy of
Abraham -Lincoln by -United States Dis
trict Attorney Duncan A." McKinlay. The
address was a masterful effort, and many
of. the cqmrades remarked that never had
they listened to a more -eloquent tribute
to the martyr President.' .
Bugle calls, by Monroe J. Orr, was first
oni the programme. -Introductory remarks
were U. made ¦ by Commander George T.
Johnson.' Comrade "William A. Treadwell
rendered the .national airs "on the organ.
and-Willlam M. Ogilvie. sang "Give Us
Just Another Lincoln." ¦ .
-. "America" was sung by the audience,
apid the sounding of taps closed the/pro
gramme.' :"* --y~. 'i . "•
After the oration by; Mr. McKlnlay, C.
H. Blank gave a violin solo, : accompanied
by Mrs. -Seal." Miss Esther :Macomber re
cited '.'The i Battle of.-Woodhaven." and
was compelled to respond -to: an encore.
Mr.« Ogilvie sang another, tenor solo,
"The Old Flag Forever.'.' Mrs. Mary Paro
'llnl gave a recitation, and in response to
an encore, related a story of ;Ldncoln. —
Provides Caskets for Men
Killed .in the Fight
With Officers.
Veterans of Lincoln Post
Hold Patriotic Ex
ercises.
TURNER BURIES
HIS DEAD ALLIES
HONOR MEMORY
OF THEIR CHIEF
SIMMONS . BRINGS DAMAGE SUIT.— Levy
W. Simmons, a relation of Lucy Simmons/; who
was knocked . down and killed by -a'Mission
street car last August, . filed a suit for $20,000
damages : against the Market-street Railway
Company yesterday. ' '. -•- , - . ;
A i Batch of < Insolvents.
¦ Bauer, Bros. & Co.; Greenebaum, "Weil &
M!chels, -.the : I* Elkus .Company and the
Schldss J Crockery Company filed a peti
tion j in : the United States j District ; Court
yesterday-; tcv declare the' firm of Brlles"&
Auble of Davis Creek, jModoc County, an!
involuntary insolvent. The petitioners al
lege that Briles & Auble owe. them more
than: $1000 and that the members - of tha
Modoc •' firm y. transferred all their prop
erty ' to Sarah - Hotchkiss with > Intent to
prefer her oyer the other creditors. Regi
nald Putnam,' 'a clerk, -residing' in San
Francisco;' filed a petition In insolvency.
His liabilities are $474 95 • and he has no
assets >,L.' L.Lockerman, railroad brake
man, residing in Sacramento, filed - a pe
tition ¦•¦'also, >¦ stating., his ¦ liabilities : at
$1472 05 . and ;. his . assets : at ' $590 . 85. « : James
A" Murphy ; fa ' farmer,"- residing' .in 'San
Francisco, : formerly of Paso Robles; filed
a petitionstatinghis debts, at $3430 48., He
has mo assets. ; • > *•;}
The Charge Against Dr. T. L. Keegan
' 4 Is Dismissed by Judge Ca- '
baniss.
Dr. T. L. Keegan, a\recent graduate of
the California Medical* College, ; appeared
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.: on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
The complaining witness was \ Ernest
Gray, a student at the college.,
The evidence showed that last Tuesday
Dr. Keegan entered the waiting-room at
the college, part of which is used: as. a
pTiarmacy, and ' saw Gray talking to 'a
woman patient. Keegan ,-' remonstrated
with him and told him' he should know
that students had no right to give medical
advice. Gray retorted that he had: as
much right as Keegan and attempted to
eject him from the room. Keegan drew, a
small nail cleaner out of his vest ' pocket
and cut Gray on the thigh. Gray weighs
about 190 pounds and Keegan. about- 110
pounds. ; ¦ , . !.'.>-¦ \. ¦ ' 'yj :
¦The Judge' dismissed the case 'on > the
ground that Keegan acted In self-defense
and further that such a small- instrument
could not be classified as a deadly weapon.
First Come First Served.
To-day and to-morrpw- only ? there will
be on sale ladles' and men's fine' kidj
velour • calf or patent leatl|er, ail sizes,
widths and ; up-to-date styles, for $1.*5.
These shoes are the balance of the Rich
ard Pahl • stock and are ; worth $4.00 and
$5.00 .a pair. Pahl's ' former place, 324
Kearny street. . - : . •.
DECIDES NAIL CLEANER #
IS NOT DEADLY WEAPON
Free for Children.
The Call has ever been glad to do any
thing it could to help the entertainment
of the children of the .city. without refer
ence to creed or color. At ; : _the Mechanics'
Pavilion ; the Juvenile Fairyland- Carnival
will remain open until' Saturday night, j On
that afternoon any . little one under 12
years of age may, simply by clipping out
the coupon printed in this issue, secure
free admission to the carnival. ; .
In addition', to the pretty ballet 'by a
hundred children, ' typifying "A Storm
Among the' Flowers," , there .will • be . any
number of interesting special features.
Little Harry Mangels, who bids fair later
on .to outdo 'both Billy Emerson 4 and
Charley Reed, will be there to entertain
the little. ones; : Marion Sitgreaves, the
most charming petite skirt ; dancer,- will
also do Her best; Georgia Bacon, the little
girl who has captivated i every one, with
her 'pretty Scotch dances; Anita Cusack,
who . makes . the Japanese girl more
charming than she ever was— they will
all be there. And .there are fifty other
attractions for the littleones to see.
i The programme on Saturday will be
especially arranged for. the' pleasure of
.The. Call '.little visitors and. will start -at
an earlier hour - than usual.'- The first
number will be a premier toe 'dancer, six
years of age,' little Montague Burton.
Then will come a number of comical pic
tures thrown on a canvas . and , calculated
to make the .little ones smile more -than
broadly. .There will be the song. "He Was
a Native Son," by Mrs. -Laura Banks,
illustrated with ;,stereopticon>> pictures
There will be . dances by Doris . Lorraine
Cooke, Helena' Neilsen; Baby Keif e. Ha
zel and" Alice Meyers, Eleanor Saunden3
Ethel ' Mones, -Myrtle Anderson, Capelle
Damrell, Juliette Maher, Martha. Schu
macher, Marguerite | Cronin and Irene Ka
mona, Mario Sltgreaves,. Georgia Bacon
Freda' Guy," Edna - Miner. Hazel Purdy
Zeala Luella 1 Cooke,- Anita Cusack, Mar
gey Dennis, 1 Lizzie. Rohlap.v Eunice Gil
man. Jessie Brown. Ruth Wilson. Carmen
Moacarp. Myrtle ' Dingwall. "A violin solo
by Winifred Johnson and a "cornet solo by
v her sister will be -special; features "of the
programme. All these children 'appear In
the ballet with scores of, others.
: There are booths where the little ones
can ] obtain samples | of foods and : enjov
life.*-: This will be the greatest treat. an'v
paper has yet given their Juvenile readers
,and;all.without;cost. ; Don't forget'to cut
•the coupon" out and | present it at ' the Pa
vilion next Saturday afternoon. - ,
1 .And not only will 1 . The Call's little guests
see all these . pretty, features, r but by the
courtesy of the management - the- orphans
of -the Hebrew ; Orphan * Asylum ?are . to ; be
present,* and: with ;• their v band ' they "will
make: a pretty, showing. ;.This.wiH indeed
be a case.of children entertaining children
in : a : pretty; wayJU^aEMjJfgBBg . ;.¦<
The police are satisfied that Jack Kauff
man, the one-armed beggar, who Is want
ed for t.he murder of Police. Officer Robin
son, is the man who was seen In' Victoria
last Tuesday. Kauffman was alone, and
as he was acting suspiciously Chief Lang
ley sent one of his men to arrest him. In
some way Kauffman learned that he was
being shadowed and managed to elude the
officer who was detailed to watch him. ;; ..
Last night Captain. Seymour, received
positive information that thei man seen'Mn
Victoria was Kauff man, ;the ' mendicant,
who accompanied . Woods', .feoucher' and
the rest of the murderous gang to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery on -the. night that;.thc
brave policeman was'Bhot and killed;. ".-••
Kauff man, it is said,\.was the "lookout*'
for the gang, and after their failure to
crack the safe in the office* of the super
intendent of the cemetery he walked -, with
them to Valencia street; where they /met
Robinson and: killed him; -After the shoOt T .
ing Kauff man, it is; supposed, went, to
Seattle, and from there took, a steamship
to'Victoria. < ;i'->* : ' . . . .
¦ The officer who first ' aaw 'him notified
the Chief of Police, as he s was not, sure
that he was the right man. .« By/ the time
the Chief had arrived on the' scene" the
suspect^had eluded the officer who. was
watching him' and was supposed to. be* en
route to Vancouver. The police of '¦ the
latter place were told to be on the look
out for him, ibut they failed to get a trace
of the fugitive. .. , l -v ' V,
Captain Seymour is satisfied that' the
man who was seen in Victoria is the"
much wanted .murderer. He has sent a
complete description of him to the Chiefs
of Police of Victoria and Vancouver, with
instructions to do all in their power to ar
rest him. It is believed that if Kauffman
is caught he will tell all he knows about
the murder of Policeman Robinson.
All the arrangements for th» coming
Conference of Charities and Corrections,
which will open to-night, have been com
pleted and 'the programme has been an
nounced by those in charge. The meetings
will be held. at the headquarters of the
Young Men's Christian Association, at
Mason and Ellis streets, and will be open
to the public.
A leading figure of the coming conven
tion 'will be Dr. Samuel Smith, D. D., of
Si;! Paul, who has been invited to attend
and make addresses., He. arrived here Wed
nesday and is at the Pleasanton Hotel with
his wife. In an interview yesterday he
said he had made a study : of charity work
for several years,", and- that in his opinion
America in certain branches is far ahead
of.: any other country in the manner of
dispensing charity. •-..:
"Dr. Smith -says that a'peculiar fact Is
that in :the. slums -of this country the
death rate is not -higher 1 than it is in. the
more fashionable districts- On the other
hand, in'the East^End tot Ixmdon, where,
he -spent several, months, he found that
the. rate was seventy < to the thousand,
while in the swell part of the West End
of London the rate was' only eighteen to
.the thousand. . , '. [•:-.- ¦ _'" "
v Dr. Smith thinks that the coming con
vention will be of great -benefit to the
community, as at all -previous meetings
that he has attended he > has found , that
different views were' expressed by all the
delegates, and in this way new ideas were
formed: ' ,,.'">
The following is the announced pro
gramme: : .
Friday , evening, February 14, 8 o'clock —
Opening address, President Horace Davis; ad
dress of welcome," Mayor Schraitz; "A
State Board of Charities vs. a State Board
of Control," Dr. Samuel G. Smith of St. Paul;
general discussion.., \ ¦¦.... .,
¦ Saturday ¦ morning-, .February 15 — Modern
Methods • of Dealing With- tho Insane," Dr.
Samuel G." Smith; general discussion.
Saturday afternoon, February 15— "Care of
the Child In Sickness"; programme in charge
of Mrs. W. B. Harrington, president . of the
Children's Hospital. . followed t by. reception to
guests of conference. " , . ¦-..
> Saturday-evening, February 15— "Prison Re
form in California," chairman of the evening.
Robert ' M. Fitzgerald of ; the State Board ot
Prison Director*. •
Sunday afternoon. February 16 — "The Juve
nile Court, Its Functlbns," Mrs. M. P. Fal
coner, probation officer of Chicago Court; gen
eral discussion ' on "Need of Such a Court in
San Franclsjo". ; programme under auspices ot
Civic Section. of California: Club. } -. •
- Sunday evening," February 16 — "Function of
the / Associated Charities,". Dr. Samuel G.
Smith; general discussion. "...
¦ Monday morning, February 17 — Section meet
ing of those interested in children's institutions
to discuss methods • of closer co-operation. ¦ • •
: Monday , afternoon, February 17 — "The Re
form School"; topics — (a) '"Possibility of Classi
fication Between ¦ Whlttler and Preston on the
Basis of Age,": (b) "The Future of the Reform
¦ School Boy," : (c) "Need of a State Agent to
Visit" Children - on Parole"; " "Natoma-street
Home," Mrs. Jacobs. • • • - . . •
Monday .evening, February 17 — "Care of the
Dependent Child, j Herbert C. " Lewis, superin
tendent of Boys' and Girls' Aid Society; gen
eral discussion. ' ;¦
\ The Saturday afternoon session will be
held at ¦ the South Park • Settlement, and
the Sunday afternoon session' in the First
Unitarian' . Church,' .corner Geary and
Franklin streets. /
Seymour Sure That Man
Seen, at : Vancouver ;
.„ ., Was,Murjderer, , '. "
Conference of Charities
Programme Is An-
J ~ hounced., .". : "
Eurt Thomas Goes to Hawaii.
George E. Fletcher, special internal
revenue agent from Washington. D. C
arrived yesterday to take charge of the
San Francisco office during the absence
; of Special- Agent Burt - M. -Thomas, rwrno
will leave on the Alameda to-morrow for
'¦ Honolulu. Mr. Thomas intends to be ab
sent about two months, during ¦which
time he will make a thorough inspection
of the internal revenue business of the
. Hawaiian Islands.
KAUFFMAN STILL
ELUDES OFFICER
PREPARE PLANS
FOR CONVENTION
Extinguished Writer Is Given a
Warm Testimonial at Metro
politan Hall.
The testimonial given in honor of Her
mann Glauch. the distinguished local poet
and artist, by the German residents under
the auspices of the German-American As
sociation of California attracted a large
and cultured audience to Metropolitan
Hall last night.
Glauch's genius Is generally recognized,
not only among the German population of
the city, but throughout the entire Union.
Recent misfortunes which overtook him
prompted his friends to tender him a com
plimentary benefit, and the great response
indicates to the full the high esteem In
which he is held. •;
A choice musical programme was ren
dered. •There were addresses by Dr. Franz
Kuckein. Charles Bundschu, Wilhelm
ZImmermann and Professor Hugo H.
Schilling of the State University. Several
of Glauch's poem's were read by Clemen
tina Schnabel and Gertrude Joseph. Pro
fessor E. "Werner was organist. Several
selections were rendered by the singing
sections of the Oakland ¦¦ and San Fran
cisco Turn Vereins.
GERMAN RESIDENTS
HONOR POET 'GLAUCH
A cleverly conceived proposition by
¦whlch certain holders of Gas and Electric
Company stock hope to unload their
wares at enhanced prices was made pub
lic yesterday. The proposition is not one,
however, likely to be favorably received
by those who are acquainted with the va
rious methods by which stocks are ma
nipulated in the interests of a few to the
disadvantage of the many.
Stockholders of the San Francisco Gas
& Electric Company have felt shaky with
reference to the future of their holdings
foi some time past, and their fears were
not allayed when President Crockett re
cently resigned his post. The effect up
on the pried of the stock was such as to
render the future of that commodity in
t!ie market one of extreme uncertainty.
But within a day or two last past stock
holders have received a letter from a
title Insurance company, which, claiming
to act as agent for mythical parties, de
signs to secure an option on stock of the
company -with a view to securing control
of a majority of the holdings wherever
situated.
According to the terms of this proposal
the trustee of the nameless person who
is reported to have deposited $50,000 in the
Bank of California for the purpose will
pay to holders for options a quarterly
dividend at the rate of $2 a year per
share, and to pay for the stock if agree
able to the holder the sum of $60 a share.
All this will be done provided 66,000 shares
shall be deposited in the Bank of Cali
fornia before April 1. In other words,
the sum of $50,000 has been deposited for
the purpose of securing control of the gas
stock, but should less than 66,000 shares
be deposited within a stipulated period
the deal is off as far as the mythical
bu>er is concerned.
Stockbrokers who discussed the scheme
yesterday are unanimous in the belief
that the proposition as outlined In the
letter to the stockholders is merely an
attempt on the part of some of the larg
est holders to boom the stock and after
running it up to a certain figure unload
upen all who will buy. They do not con
eider the offer as made to be a bona-flde
one. but on the contrary they regar«d it
&s a stock jobbing scheme designed to
bolster up a constantly failing market by
inspiring confidence of the holders in its
stability. That the offer has had little
effect thus far was demonstrated yester
day at the Stock Exchange, when 200
shares of Gas and Electric was sold at
4S. an advance of 2V& on the closing price
of the previous evening. The closing bid
was 47?i and 43 asked.
There are 130,301 shares of Gas and
Electric scattered among 1300 • holders.
Few of these were deposited in response
to the circular alluded to and no rush is
expected by local brokers' until the plan
is more definitely outlined. The mere fact
that a certain sum has been deposited for
certain purposes, which will be carried out
In the event that a majority of the stock
is assigned to the depositor, is not con
sidered by holders a sufficient guarantee,
and until more definite news is vouch
safed the matter in the judgment of lead
ing brokers is likely to die of inanition.
Robert L. Galley and James Roberts
were tried before a jury In Judge Dunne's
court yesterday on the charge of assault
with intent to commit robbery. The jury,
after deliberating for some time, reported
a disagreement, anu the Judge discharged
them. The defendants were accused of
attempting to rob George Dillistone on
Annie street on the night of November 2.
They had about half an hour before held
up Robert X. Clothier on* New Montgom
ery street, near Annie, and have^ yet to
be tried on that charge.
After reporting the disagreement E. L.
Marshall, tne foreman, handed the Judge
the following protest: ' ; ;: -
We, ¦ the panel Jurors of this honorable court,
respectfully enter a protest against being hud
dled in a small cubbyhole for a Jury room.
Our deliberations cannot be kept secret, as
we are couipe'led to open the ventilators, and
as a consequence our discussions cannot help
but be hear 1 by those passing along the cor
ridor. We think our quarters should be con
demned, and Utidcr the cubic air law would
be. In the n*s.t place -we have no toilet ac
commodations. We are of the unanimous
opinion that our present quarters are unin
habitable and respectfully request your Honor
to bring the matter before the proper authori
ties in an endeavor to have these defects rem
edied at the earliest possible date.
Judge Dunne made the following reply:
I can only say, gentlemen. In reply, that I
have endeavored for the last eighteen months
to obtain proper accommodations, and I think
your statement here is a sufficient answer to
those people who have believed that my dwn
conduct was due to an obstinate feeling against
coming here at alL That is quite untrue. I
have at all times been ready to come here
to this building if they would give me the
proper accommodations. The jury is entitled
to the same accommodations as the District
Attorney or the conrt. They occupy the same
position as the court in a way. since they are
the -judges of the facts in every criminal case,
and their position and jurisdiction, so to speak.
Is co-ordinate, and that being the case they
are entitled to proper accommodations. For
such accommodations I have insisted, but it
appears that a higher power has overridden
me and has compelled us to accept insufficient
and inadequate quarters. I am glad you have
seen fit to make this protest, as I think it
may be followed by a correction of the abuse,
or at" least I hope so: I trust, however, gen
tlemen, that no want of accommodations will
prevent us from doing our whole duty.
The case of Quinn versus Baehr, in
which it was sought to restrain the Aud
itor from drawing and auditing salary de
mands for Powel Fredrick and his depu
ties of. the clerical force in the Justices'
Court, was argued in Superior Judge
Cook's court yesterday morning on de
fendant's demurrer. Judge Cook took the
matter under advisement and will render
his decision to-day. •
Judge Cook will, it.- is believed, decide
whether Fredrick is de facto chief clem
of the Justices' Court ana hence entitled
to the .salary of the office,' tnuugh tne de
fendant entered the pxea that the plaintiff
was'not entitled to uring action ana that
therefore the temporary injunction should
be quashed. He may also decide whether
Fredrick is legally appointed chief cierK—
entitled to hold office until the supervisors
shall elect a chief clerk to fill out the un
expired term. • ' "
A. Ruef appeared as associate counsel
for Auditor Baehr, W. H. Cobb, Baehr'a
attorney, being present in court but not
participating in the argument. Thomas D.
itiordan appeared lor Quinn, who is a
clerk in Riordan's office.
Ruef opened his argument with . the
technical objections to the suit. He con
tended Lrst that the plain- u had no cause
for action, since as a. taxpayer his inter
ests were not directly concerned. If the
Auditor should choose to recognize Fred
rick's right to the salary he would not
recognize Windrow's claim. The courts
would recognize one or the other as the
de facto chief clerk, and one salary, would,
be paid. If Baehr should audit the illegal
claim he would be responsible to the other
claimant. In either case but one salary
would be paid, and the taxpayer, Qulnn,
would not have his of taxes in
creased in the least, nor would other of
his personal or property rights be affected.
Duty Only to Audit.
Ruef made the further point- that the
duty of drawing demands was not im
posed upon the Auditor, his duty being
simply to audit demands, and since the
petition for the injunction asked that
Baehr be restrained from "drawing the
demand" such injunction would not re
strain the Auditor from auditing Fred
rick's demand drawn by some official oth
er than the Auditor. In support of fiis
first contention Ruef cited 4ij California,
171. and 75 California, 517. ,
Judge Cook asked that Riordan be
heard on these technical points before
Ruef should proceed. Riordan cited the
decision of the Supreme Court in Morton
vs. Broderick, the famous Supervisors'
case, in which it was held that the court
has a right to decide upon the title to tho
office, which Ruef had denied in his open
ing statement. Judge Cook said. he had
asked for argument upon the two techni
cal points advanced— that Quinn had no
cause for action and that the petition
asked for an injunction restraining the
Auditor, from doing something not im
posed upon him by law, namely, the draw
ing of a demand.
... As to that last Point," said Riordan,
It seems to me the difference merely be
twixt tweedle-dum and tw?edle-dee.
Drawing the demand does not mean the
mere clerical work involved, but passing
upon the claim and approving it."
As to the second point. Riordan argued
that in the case of Winn vs. Shaw, 87 Cal
ifornia, the Supreme Court had decided
that a taxpayer could bring action to re
strain illegal payment of money from the
treasury:* • ¦ '-- ..-.,¦.,,.¦'..,.,..*. £
Windrow No "Color of Authority."
Judge Cook stopped further argument
upon these points and told Kuef to pro
ceed. Kuef argued as follows:
It is admitted by plaintiff that Williams has
no title to the ottlce. The contention then u
between Fredrick and Windrow. The question
arises has Windrow any "color of authority"
for being the de facto chief clerk? Windrow,
it is claimed, was "elected- by the Justices of
the Peace under the section of the charter
which your Honor in his instructions to the
Grand Jury held to be invalid. .
Granting that the charter provision is valid
and that the Justices had the power of orig
inal appointment. Windrow's appointment was
illegal, since -nowhere - are the Justices given
power to fill a vacancy In that office. If the
office is a charter ofnee, the Mayor is given
power to fill the vacancy.
Under your opinion to the Grand Jury, your
Honor,' Windrow cannot possibly figure in this
case, and 'filings with him are not legal
My contention is that Fredrick is not only
the de facto but the de Jure chief clerk as
well. The Mayor' is given power to fill va
cancies and while this office is created by the
Btate law, it is municipal in functions and its
powers can be established by charter.
The law abhors a vacuum, ' as nature ! does,
and courts invariably hold that one contest
ant holds the office de lacto. Now the whole
time except one day Involved in this suit was
prior to Windrow's alleged election. Fredrick
performed the \ duties of the office.- and after
two days Williams ceased to appear or Mb pre
tend-to perform the duties of the office. Since
Fredrick preceded Windrow as.the.de facto
chief clerk Windrow could not become de*facto
chief clerk. ' • . : .
•. Until such time as the Supervisors may act
pn the Justices' recommendation and 5 elect
Windrow there can be no question as to-Fred
rick's right to the salary. If the Supervisors
should take such action, then it would become
a direct issue between Fredrick and Windrow.
Riordan said- that his case was based
upon the law, aa stated by Judge Cook in
his instruction to the Grand Jury, which
practically all of the bar except Mr. Ruef
thought was good "law.
"His Honor's opinion would throw your
case out of court," retorted Ruef.
Riordan continued:
Mayor's Use of Police.
Fredrick did not take office under the
Mayor's appointment, but by force. , N'otwitli
standing' the Mayor's expressions as to usur
pation of power by the. police during ¦ the re
cent strike, he eent nine burly policemen in to
take forcible possession of this office. Fred
rick is ' not de facto chief clerk, but a bare,
naked trespasser.
Granted that there was a vacancy, we deny
the Mayor' 8 power to appoint. His power ex
tends only to municipal officers "not otherwise
provided for In: this charter or by. law.!'. If
his power were not limited' In these appolnt
.ments he could make, a clean sweep in any
municipal office, such as the Tax j Collectors
office, removing * "for i cause" and appointing
men to his own liking. Such, indeed, has been
declared to be the Mayor's Intention. We have
heard much of Fhelanlsm, but Schmltzlsm is
going many tlmea further.
Riordan asserted in conclusion that the
Supreme Court had decided in Crowley vs.
Freud that the Justices of the Peace and
their clerks were county, not/ municipal
officers, since they were named in the
pleadings and by implication included in
the decision. .
Ruef, In his closing argument, said that
Fredrick had not taken by
force, but had forcibly held the office for,
one day against armed intrusion. •¦• , s '•
Proposal Proves Too Vague
to Win Confidence of
Public.
Riordan Says Schmitzism
Promises' to Be Worse
Than \ Phelanism.
Strong Protest Is Made to
Judge Dunne, Who Re
plies in Kind.
Accommodations at Hall
of Justice Are
Inadequate.
Injunction Suit Against
Auditor Argued Be
fore Cook.
Glever Plan to Secure
Options on Majority
of Holdings.
JURORS DEMAND
BETTER ROOMS
TWO OFFICIALS;
MONEY FOR ONE
SEEK CONTROL
OF CAS STOCK
THE SAIST FEA1STCISCO CALiti.^ FRIDAY;. /FEBRUARY 14.^ 1902.
The Unsurpassed Vintage
now shipped of G. H. MUMM'S EXTRA
DRY accounts for the phenomenal Im
ports of 120,359 cases In 190L Immense re
serves guarantee continuance of quality,
which Is similar to the 1889 vhitage, more
delicate and breedy than the .1893. •
5
.;;V4..THE>EMP0BIUMi . ¦'/:"¦; i\i ; ; 'THE. EMPORIUM?'' • ¦ ; > .;•¦< : | ; THE EMPORIUM. | tttt, ¦FTvrPOBIUM.
$'¦¦¦'¦ BESiH Some Extraordinary Saturday Sales will bsannotmced in Salitrday' morning papers %
I- ¦¦--¦-- .,-,,:,,,....-. . . _ _ _ . _, ¦ g
»f. e -'"* fD{ '^-rr : ;;' |j__ -up "' m "' m . Sale of Dimities. %
*£¦ Choice to-day ', :only ;of v two', styles' of pictures, , r : f-^) • WLS^ ¦ " * ® To-day only, your pick from a large 5
»'».' worth* 50c each, at the special tf% *^S^^L^^ Ar^^ M / ' C A " C j' • • V
%? heavi'y matted, platinum and carbon prints, MB fil %m**^^&*'^ Jri»6^*/ KS^tsr &r£r £1 If jj^ yveave, with Stylish satin Stripe; «T
I l^Sff 111 !H!t£i£i California's rn 1 1 iILiiiiiiiiiiiiii" ~ the " ".' ™;X ° rco '- i 8 ° odsra I
lW&^ :^&Z&M$$. ~r*S%g0& Xm AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE, . ;73. .^ SS ° %
* 7— — ' "'.. ' '¦"'.'' '•' .'.''.' : ''¦»".-.':' "V"' . ."" . \ ' '."'¦' ' — ' — — ¦ — ¦ • ; "• ' ' '., ¦ — — ¦ 5«
I SpsciarSaicof 1 FiFSt l Biff HoStGJTy Saie 19O2m Speciai Sate of 5
i Hats anti Gafc. For Men and Womzn. P- >\'D. Gors&t& |
H Men's Fedora Hats .one-.qaarler off— Our T V ¦'•-, - , '< , • x T \r 1 •' o • m* » ,„, , m _ __, , _ —, r % ¦'¦'¦ '¦¦" **
g. regular extra value;. $1.85 Fedora' Has'; in ge^ougbj from a New York importer 3800 pairs of Men's and Women's Af Ons-Third Price* «J
5" all widths of brims; choice of blacks,- browns, . ... Plain andi Fancy_ Stockings, all of his sample pairs and small lots; of some of $5 # (]Q Corsets for 51.50 40 dozen No. fo
8f nutria and pearl colors; Friday ¦ gr v . ¦•» 43 ''. these, they have only on: pair of a style, of others five dczen pairs of a style. 1S0 P D eenuine - °5
h .only, each ..:,.:........ &M.&ST. - w ha divid( . d th ' ern into thrcc lots for Friday's and Saturday's sa'cs. ' French ' "j^Dor-ed (W^^
I i ; : — ~ — ' - ' . ; days; per pair . . . ..:.»... . . . . -. . . . ....... .~ . . . JSm B VJf fl full boned, Vr&y^ *5
*° **B*S*fiZt)l Sa2v I Of '¦ » r ' BOO Pafr 9 Of -Women's HOBO— nan VlKk and black Richelieu ribbed, lon 3 waist, either gftgTi^S "j
* '.; «J** 74 *' < " fl -i**«*f c r ¦***;.•;.:'¦. Rtmbrandt ribbed, fulllace, lace ankle, fancy lace bstep, colored stitching, .and a few iiigh' black or white, all «
* a TaPGSti*V ' POB*fiGm*°GS ' S rade fanc >' Hosein Roman and vertical stripis, figures and. other pretty designs; *&&** s'zes up to 27, on \ \ •*
*? . _ r. • ¦-•'< ' , , .' *¦¦ ?oc and 75c value3; ior two days, per pair . ... . . . Gta%&^S -.1- »_ j^,, „, .u J»*TOK«!w"\ \ -^
?».. 75 pairs Tapestry Portieres, ' 3- yards long, • '--. ' . 3 ' Y * . ; Sa.C to-day at the • «|XW M^^J I ,<«
K fringed top and bottom, colors red, fgreen, 180O Palr*S M&tt'S HOSO — In plain black and " tan open work, plain and em- above CXtraordi- Nt^T^ \J J€
*i "blue and tobacco brown; value -^ ' r-** broidered strpes, vertical and creular; regu'ar 15c, 35c and 50c values; for two JT& « narv nrirr Xhi« '* «
J. $2.50 a pair; Triday otiyV;<<9 1*83. : days, per pair .....-.;...... . . . ...... . . . ....... . . 4£ 8 & nary price. inis < ,%
tf-'V .50 ¦ ; .inqhes : wide, fringed top and .-.bottom, -j» ' '. " • ctj- *%b jgM^» ' in • much in Europe as we shall sell u J
*k heavy scroll and Rococo designs, double rQ&3B* B3>mf£$ *£& B (&R Il2 § SH £8 t£5 %£ S* &fl SB & B% & for ">-day. Come early, as sizrs '<*
« L 6c ?il p^^^S6»ff7 ¦' — -' - ; - - ¦ "¦ ¦ ¦ soon . get .. broken. Price always 2»
t p« pain »ie pr 1 ceFr 1 da r .^ar.fZ ;.;, O| © For Friday andSaturdsiy. ' $5.00; our wicprice .«'$
J V -. . ' .:••:-.= . : - -.¦¦•?•¦-.. Cj :¦¦'".;¦''•' ' -V.. 'W? '^ML ' ! You cannot duplicate these offerings in stv'e to : day./. V'*vv ; t
K Gff*OCGt*_y BaB*UainSm\ • r* ¦• JllSvv J^£rX/\*2^jy arid qua'ityofmateria's at a quarter more than 5
«& Half a , dozen va'.ues such as are only -• ./^S^^^^ . c .) our prices for to-day and Saturday. Prove this BuftGi m icfcMai m Ch '5
| offered by.TheEmporiurn.^s - . ¦ ff\ (\i I [\Jf h Y comparisons. A. PattCrttS Oil SaiC^t
i BeSt Ranch EgjfS--Wci™ 1 \A : ,-: I \f TIT Offer No. I-Choice of 3 oo Men's Suits, all cut in j new March patterns now ready and on sale in But- ?
» antee everyone ot them;; speciaj to- Tib- . J $SJiY ?° ft Style; , han t? me P" tterns « '? ,*« " ew it f I P5 d . ? nd terick Pattern Departme-t, mainf.oor, J5
tf ¦•:• dav, two dozen;, >;.-•;:. ;':4[^O P ' *H fe* 7 A checked « ffects ' al ?° B1 " e Ser &'> stmuy all-wool fabnes; uader Ladies' Parlor. A free copy of the *
S.CoUzZ^^Mo^^h^mon^^ jJl^^J^ ¦« t^ S™ $^.50 yalu e s, for two days . |
£ • Bear.s-rSmall \vhite or pei beanSi'/ahcy/stock-, : li- / ' Offer No. 1^— Choice of 50 Men's Overcoats, cut in the . %
IS to-day, 6 lbs . . . . ..i.;. ?.'. .25C "' ¦ '•¦¦¦•II' / , . popular long full style, with s'ash pockeKtand broad shoulders; all- F*OVf* Biff $B3GGM3j$ *«
: ?t' Sardines— Chcice imported French. Sardines in- • *>.||- / wool Oxford'Gray Cheviots; genuine i $12.50 £S £Tb a 'mm r» 9JL «
J pure olive oil; to-day, 3 tins ?¦',. ., . 25c I fT Oil values, for two days . ... LttgUOM* UCp tm X
K Rcberls 1 Cocoa— A combination-'of^cocoa, I I JJ If ; * , ., ' . . • , ". .. . - Choi« Hock— An extra quality of this favorite jj
$ milk and sugar that is made instantly; tin.:.. H^ 1 ¦ Orfer No. 3-Choxc of 2OD Boys two-p.ece . Smts, made ¦ of all- white wine; on special sale to-day (Friday) j»
J ' -25c jy I • * wool fabrics m the new shades of Oxford gray, green, brown and blue, only, per gallon . 45» .*
K %li n^Ll%]?Ai!£d '£ Trnr^r , n M a ' EO fancy Inixturts ' stri P"' P laids and P la / n "?** or blacks ' wcl1 Tcd R°& ard Rye— Crystailked 'for ' coughs and -5
Jf See Demonstration in Grocery <D;- (| ; and trimmed; siz= 8 to 15 years; genuine $4.00 <{£5£ OjQ colds- to-day bottle 48O \
J partment. ..,. : .-^ ;: ' value for two days . . . ... .... . Holland Gin— Good im'ported Gin", our own 3*
*C " Japan Tea— A fancy, uncolored, long leaf Japan ' ¦ , . c *. , ' ' , r. • v t ,¦ "1--^^ bottling; special to-day, bottle. ... . SOO 5
K Tea; special to-dav, 3 Its. for Ji'oo; single Offer No. 4-Choke of 2 oo pa.ra of Men's good heavy-vre.ght woolen J gfj Ginger A!c ( T ay!ors)-R e gu!ar!y $r.oo per •«
» Jb. ........ . .:-: .3So Trousers that have been selling at Js-oj the pair, for two days only ... . . <^S? B a £m QJJ dozen; to-day . .... . .... . JQ O %
Ban Francleco, Friday, }i February, 1902.
Dmmg table, $34.00
o —. ¦ ¦ o I
Here is pretty near dining-table perfection. 'Tis sure to a
delight the hostess and bring forth comment from her guests. |
It opens and shuts easily, and when closed it is a solid table. n
It is equipped with the best fastening device ever invented— • I
there being absolutely nothing to get out of order. Your gj
' choice of quartered golden oak, dead finish, or weathered oak E
¦ with polish finish, measuring 48 inches when closed and eight |
feet when extended. Price $34.00. , ¦ I
• We also have this table in the following finishes and sizes: p
Golden oak, dead finish, or weathered oak, polish finish, 1
48 inches in diameter when closed, extension 10 feet. Price ' |
{ $37.00. >-
Weathered oak. dead finish, Qr golden oak, polish finish, •• « fl
54 inches in diameter when closed; extension 8 feet. Price |
$42.00. * I
Golden oak, polish finish. 54 inches in diameter when g
closed: extension 10 feet Price $48.00. - ' .,.••':" i
V Something new in the Drapery 'store. Javanese portieres ¦
I made in America, but by imported Javanese workmen. In- |
tensely odd and exceptionally beautiful. Drop in and see |
them. $
o ¦ ¦ ; : — ; o fj
I (Successors to California furniture ; Co.) -- ]
g 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenues j
O A Snap in
j^^ Underwear.
• i^j^gS^.W—^ "Here is a veritable snap for
C 'ES3n . the man who is in need of some
f=5Pli53= ISfBl . Mercerized silk underwear in
Tps-^-^I I^Igg=g fancy colored stripes, actual
SrFffW" valued and $6 a suit; the as-
MJor sortment is badly broken in
sizes; ¦ there are eight different
f_ patterns, some have one and two
Y jl^Sl s^ zes m^ ssm S' .and others with
' jb J|5? shirts only;' we can fit anybody
' taking the underwear as a whole,
lF[2 jg^^r DU t we may not have your size
52 |j3f . in the pattern you like best and
S3|=5F • then again we may; if so, the un-
, derwear costs you but
fSB ***!Z^e%ll a Suit.
\ Ff\-v Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
sMVoop&ft)
; v 718, Market .Street. ,Music — H. L.., Sprinsrer, chairman, Western
Addition No. 306; John Boyle, Golden Gate
No. 04; F. J. Tyrell, Calumet No. 436.
Parade — Grattan D. PhllliDS, chairman,
North End No.' 646; T. J. Mahoney, Tamalpa\a
No. 427; A. G. Page, California No. 634."
. Grand marshal— J. S. Patterson. Golden
Gate No. 64.
bert, Western Addition No.' 306: J. F. Mc-
Elroy, TamalDais No. 427; J. D. Peterson,
Calumet No. 436; W. R. Bell. San Francisco
No. 437; L. H..de Curtoni. Richmond No. 470;
D. L. Mayers. California No. 6S4; George Hil
debrand. North End No. 646; Dr. A. H. Glan
nini, McKinley No. 668.
Lord Salisbury seems to feel that he has scored a
triumph, of intuitive reasoning in discovering that
Ireland is antagonistic to the point of hatred. to" the
English. . Lord Salisbury; might learn facts more
quickly, if he placed less reliance Jn himself. .. - •
At a meeting of the alumni of Syracuse University
last week Governor Odell of New York was nomi
nated for president cf the United States, and now
there can be no further, complaint that university men
are not aggressive enough in politics.
An investigation is being made in Chicago to de
termine if possible if a man over 45 years of age is too
old to work. It would not take long probably to
discover that in the Windy City there are many men
tinder that age who feel that they are too strong to
work.
Professor .Tyler of Amherst is reported to be lec
turing in the East on "The Clam," which he says is
one of the finest examples in nature of comfort and
repose, and yet the professor, would not like to be a
clam; he would not even like to keep his mouth shut
and give us repose.
New York reports of a reception given to Carnegie
by the Stevens Institute of Technology, to which he
recently gave $65,000, are to the effect that he
said in his address he used to believe a man could
not possibly spend $125 a month; then he drank
toasts to the President an'd the leading professors
of the institute, led in the cheering—for others, and
in a loud, clear voice started singing a song. Evi
dently the gifted giver of many millions will end by
touring the country as a vaudeville star.
- The men who-are backing the Darien" route are
making a. very/attractive showing for their project
It is to be but thirty miles long,, and will be. on* a* sea
level. .: The only, great difficulty ]\a the 'way of .¦con
structing- it will be that of making a five-mile , tunnel
through : a mountain....- That feature, however, : is
brightened up so as to make it spectacular and •inter
esting.'Railway tunnels were works of the past cen
tury/ why' not a ship tunnel for the twentieth" century ?
A part • .of . the scheme is to have a system , of towing
big/ocean steamers- through: the tunnel, by electric
trolleys.' That in itself is a* catching.: idea. A trolley
car line . is good, .but ;a .trolley" ship line is, better.' Al
together ,the. isthmian canal- problem: is getting;com
plicated. There ' ;,are now three Richmonds . in the
field^and perhaps there; are; more to come. ¦
-• • ¦- ¦¦ ¦ -^ — '.
CONGRESS has been asked to appropriate
nearly $200,000,000 for the, construction of. a
canal at-, Nicaragua, and Senator . Scott of
West Virginia stated in the Senate the other day that
fully one-fourth of that amount has been already .ex
pended in the various efforts made to determine the
best route for constructing an isthmian canal. v It
would. seem, then,, that considerations of economy
would induce Congress to take action at this session
and expend no more good money on. investigations.
However, it is the unexpected that sometimes hap
pens. _A resolution providing for the appointment of
a commission to examine the Darieh route, or as it'
is now called, the San Bias or Mandingo Bay route,
has been referred to the Senate Committee on Inter-,
oceanic Canals. The new route has strong backing,
and, if the contest between Panama and Nicaragua
should, develop a deadlock it is almost certain the
San Bias route would receive' at least the honor: of
an investigation by experts and a report to Congress.
The amount of money expended for investigations
would be :thus raised considerably, and perhaps; . it
might be made to approach one-third of the. sum re
quired 'to build even the costliest of the proposed
waterways. '. , -*¦; _" : ' , ; . ; ¦ Hi'.S- -¦¦:;.]
ISTHMIAN^ CANAL PROJECTS.
In the course of his explanation the Minister said:
"The- Chinese in America celebrate New Year's'day
a day ahead of the proper time of bbs#rvance. To
day is New Year eve, and to-morrow the proper day.
Do you know why to-day, is celebrated in the
'Chinatowns' throughout the United States? It is
because they don't know anything about geography
or philosophy. The pioneers among the Chinese
in America' were coolies who came here to work; as
laborers/They started from China on the first day
of the third moon. They countedone, two, three and
so on, paying no attention to the fact that at the one
hundred and eightieth meridian they lost one day.
As a consequence when they. arrived in San Francisco
they, were one 'day' behind, and' those: that followed
them to this country made the same mistake. When
I came here as Minister five years ago,! told the Chi
nese of San Francisco of theif mistake and; issued a
proclamation pointing ;it ,out to Jhenr and 'advising
th'cm . to observe .'the correct • day: . ; But , some < of "the
'highbinders' argued that Uliey had been celebrating
a day ahead for many year s, and '_ why
Since variety is the spice of life it would seem that
a man so versatile and seemingly so popular in the
East would be always happy and cheery. Unfortu
nately, in this world there is no happiness even for
lightning change artists. Minister Wu has his
troubles. On Februarys he received in Washington
a good many congratulations upon the occasion of
Chinese New Year. Minister Wu was obliged to
explain that the new year did not begin on that day,
that the celebration by the Chinese in this country is
all wrong, that he has remonstrated in vain, and that
he is disgusted with his countrymen.
MINISTER .WU continues to show the variety
of his talents to the enraptured East. He
turns lightly from the seclusion of his
august office to go to the committee-rooms of Con
gress and share in the toil of the lobby against the
exclusion bill, and then, unwearied, passes along to
make a speech to ari American audience . on^'some
great occasion of national import. It was but a little
while ago he was conspicuous about the Capitol, but
on- Lincoln's birthday he was far . away at Grand
Rapids talking to the Michiganders about Lincoln,
and, as reports say, making "his usual indirect argu
ment a'gainst exclusion.", . ;',;; ¦¦'/¦ i\
One thing seems well assured: Prince Henry will
be a much bigger man here than he ever was at home
and will have receptions all along the line from New
York to St. Louis that will -make a Berlin demon
stration for the Kaiser' seem like a sideshow.
MINISTER WU'S NEW YEAR.
the end, however, they will \ be taught something.
California ought to have the place, and probably
Iowa will get it.
Ohio and Massachusetts are wrangling as to which
is to have the honor of furnishing the first Secretary
of Commerce and Industry. It seems to be the
opinion of the contestants that no other State has a
right to even so much as make a nomination. In
. Finance— W. D. ¦ Ferguson, chairman. Golden
Gate No. 64; A. W. Wehner, Redwood No. 91;
M. J. McCabe, MUsion No. 264; J. M. New-
.• 'General committee— P. F. Gllroy. chairman;
W. B. Nye, vice chairman; H. - L. Springer,
treasurer; A. G. Gllson, secretary.
Twenty-seven thousand invitations were
issued for admission • to ' tHe Pavilion, and
it is expected. that one-half of that num
ber will be honored. After the reception
and the uttering of the Woodman's cry
there will be an overture by the orches
tra, "The Woodman's Song," by the audi
ence; a short address by Peter F. Gllroy,
chairman of the general committee; ad
dress of .welcome by May"or Schmitz, who
was recently initiated into the order; then'
a I fraternal address by Head Consul Fal
k'enburg, who is admitted to be the most
brilliant orator along fraternal Iine3 in
the'United States. Then there^will be an
exhibition drill by, uniformed teams of
Golden Gate, Mission and Western Addi
tion camps. The night will -close with
dancing. The affair is under the arrange
ment of the following committees:
In the procession there will be a cav
alcade of aids, a flambeau,corps number
ing one hundred, all ,the local degree
teams in uniform, degree teams from." ad
jacent cities, floats and fireworks. The
hayseed band of California Camp will
turn out in uniform and will make noise
while some of the other bands are rest
ing. It is expected that there will be
three thousand" Woodmen in line.
FA. FALKENBURG, co-founder of
the beneficiary organization known
: as the Woodmen of the World,
• and at present the head of the
order, holding the office of head
consul, -will arrive in this city next Mon
day evening on an official -visit to. the
camps of this city. He will reach the ter
ry at the foot of Market x street at 8
o'clock, where, he will ,be met by the
membership of eleven local camps who
will . be on hand ' with music, red, white
and blue fire. A procession of Neighbors
of -.Woodcraft will be formed under tho
marshalship of John S. Patterson of
Golden Gate Camp. The guest of the
evening will be escorted to the Mechanics'
Pavilion, where he will be tendered a
monster reception.
MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE OF THE "WOODMEN OF THE WORLD THAT IS ARRANGING TO GIVE A
ROUSING RECEPTION TO THE HEAD OF THE ORGANIZATION . UPON HIS ARRIVAL. IN THIS CITY
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. '
Entertainment — W. B. Nye, chairman, Rich
mond No. 470; J. F. Brooks, Golden Gate No.
64; W. S. Shaw, "Western Addition No. 30«.
Invitation — Fred C. Russell, chairman. Red
wood No. 91; G. W. Tost, Richmond No. 470:
J. T. Kane. Redwood No. 91.
Floor — Dr. A. L. White, chairman. Mission
No. 264; Dr. M. B. Estes. California No. «»*:
B. F. Schell, San Francisco No. 437.
Hall — "W. B. "Wilson, chairman. San Fran
cisco No. 437; A. G. Gilson, Tamalpais No
427 fC. G. Darling:, Calumet No. 436.
Press and printing — T. L Fitzpatrick, chair
man. McKinley No. 668; J. M. Sauter, Norm
End No. 646: D. A. Ryan. McKinley No. 668.
If Mexico adopt a sane, safe and scientific stan
«*?rd and financial system our own position will be
strengthened, for she is the greatest of our southern
neighbors in commerce, capacity, enterprise and
progress. In that event, too, Mr. Bryan will lose the
last of his favorite object lessons, for he always
pointed the finger of triumph at Mexico and Japan
as examples of the beneficence of the silver standard-
Japan changed to gold three or more years ago, and
if he lose Mexico he will be short of illustrations.
commerce would have been impeded by doing busi
ness in a medium that fell from $1 96 to $2 34 in four
months and rose to $2 10 a month later.
In the condition, of Mexico we can see ourselves
as we would have been if Mr. Bryan had succeeded in
his battle of the standards. An American and a Mexi
can dollar would have been equal, and all our vast
It will be entirely ii» line with Mexico's marvelous
progress and enterprise for her to align with the na
tions that hold to the civilized standard, with whom
she has the most of her trade.
for its i-'icption.
Since it was proposed to coin a Philippine peso,
that would exchange for $2 10 Mexican, exchange
has been fairly steady at that rate. But Mexican
merchant 1 ! fear, that that is a transitory ratio, and
have no assurance that it will be maintained, and for
a oelivery from unbearable bondage to a flickering
standard are turning to gold and starting an agitation
A glance at the fluctuations will reveal the serious
handicap of commerce when compelled to do busi
ness in an unstable medium. Last July $1 96 Mexican
would buy an American dollar in Mexico. It was
nearly two for one, but if it had stood still at that
ratio the buyer and seller could have made stable cal
culations in his business. But it is not in his power
to make the ratio stand. By last November an Amer
ican dollar was worth $2 34 Mexican, and there were
fears that Mexican silver would slump entirely to its
bullion value.
MEXICAN merchants are weary of chasing the
price of exchange up and down the fluctua
tions of sifter. They buy for gold abroad
and sell for silver at home, and buy for silver at
home and sell for gold abroad. The permutations of
value seriously affect their trade and exchange.
GOLD STANDARD FOR MEXICO.
The treaty by its 'terms is limited to five years, j No
one can foresee what the intervening time will bring
forth, and it is useless; to speculate concerning what
may happen. It may be set. down as assured, how
ever, that the^ advance of Russia in Manchuria will go
surely, even if slowly, on. The fate 1 of China in the
long run will depend upon the Chinese themselves.
If under the energetic direction of the wonderful old
woman who now controls the Government they set
about fitting themselves for the protection of their
territory and their independence, they will have ho
need of such protection as the 'British and Japanese
alliance offers them. If they fail to do that the al
liance, while it may delay Russia's advance, cannot
prevent its triumph in the end.- .
The treaty is unquestionably beneficial to Great
Britain. Jt provides her with a strong ally to pro
tect her interests in the Orient should she be involved
in a war with any great European country. As the
situation stands the alliance, is the dominant factor, in
Oriental politics, nor does it seem practicable for any
other alliance to be formed strong enough to' defy
it so long as the United States; keeps out of the "con
troversy. ¦ Nothing that Russia can' do in c6mbina
tion with France or . with Germany could make a
showing on the far-off coast- of China, or Korea of
anything like equal force to that which the navy of
Great Britain and the army of japan could make.
The only probable act of retaliation would be an
aggressive "movement by Russia on England's Indian
frontier. This would be possible and dangerous, be
cause Russia's continental position protects her,
against attack. For the present, then, the Oriental
problem may be said to have been settled.
. Such an agreement leaves a large, opening for
either of the allies to interfere in China or Korea at
will, notwithstanding, the disclaimer of any aggressive
tendencies. Each retains, the right to 'act whenever
it believes its interests to be threatened, and the
other agrees to support that right against any third
party. The extent to which the support shall be car
ried is defined in the second and the third articles
of the treaty. By the one it is provided that if either
Great Britain or Japan be involved in war the other
will maintain strict neutrality and use its efforts to
prevent other powers from joining in hostilities
against its ally, while the third article provides that
should any other power make war against that ally
the other contracting party will come to the assist
ance of its ally and will conduct war in common with
it and make peace in mutual agreement with it.
The treaty begins by a declaration that the con
tracting parties are uninfluenced by. any aggressive
tendencies in either China or Korea, but goes on to
say that, recognizing that the interests of Great Brit
ain are mainly in China while those of Japan are in
Korea, it is agreed that "it will be admissible for
either of them to take such ' measures as may be in
dispensable in order to safeguard those interests if
they be threatened either by the aggressive actionof
any other power or by disturbances arising in China
or in Korea."
FOR the purpose of maintaining their interests in
the Orient'Great Britain and Japan have en
tered into an alliance which binds, them under
certain conditions, to* make joint war against a foe of
either. It is a treaty which promises to settle - the
Oriental question for a time at least by assuring the
territorial integrity .and political' independence of
China and Korea. - To that extent the treaty would
serve our interests as well as those of the allies, and
if that were all it would, doubtless .be received here
with almost as much 'f aver as in Great Britain -itself.
A careful reading of the treaty, however, shows that
it may mean something more than the preservation
of the existing situation,' and accordingly all nations
having interests in the Orient will have to watch the
new alliance with considerable care.
BRITAIN • ANt) JAPAN.
Is this a reaction from a supreme effort, or is it
evidence that the Cuban aspiration for self-govern
ment was a fable, the revolution an insurrection of
marauders and our part in the affair deserving of the
booby prize?*
After resting on their guns they renewed the fight
with such vim and vigor that Spain was driven to the
end of her resources in resisting. The Cubans de
vised a flag and a junta. The junta headquartered in
New York and the flag was *in all our windows
haloed by the legend, "Cuba libre." They supplied
this country with heroics and shesterics; and Miss
Cisneros and a job lot of Arnold Winkelreids, Joan
of Arcs, Moll Pitchers and Molly Starks. We car
ried our weep-weakened eyes to the oculist, and the
salty tears from pity's sweet fountain as they flowed
left a deposit on the national face like that deposited
by the waters of Shasta soda spring. We spent blood
and treasure to give them the ballot, and the first
time they have a chance to use it they snub the. polls
as indifferently as a Front-street merchant does his
party's primary.
Why La Republica does not deal with the equally
serious question of the indifference that has come over
the people is not explained. They fought ten years
steadily for the right to govern themselves by the
ballot, and bit their thumbs at us because President
Grant refused to interfere and help them to the lux
ury of registry and returning boards.
It is 2 condition that may well be remembered
when the exploiters and speculators get their pro
gramme of annexation ready for a plebiscite by the
islanders, as they will before long. The "returning
boards will attend to that, whether a majority vote
against it or whether no one votes at all. If our
lap is ready Cuba will sit down in it without regard
to the will of her people. A returning board that can
swell an actual vote of 7000 out of a -registration of
35,000 to a total of 45,000 will see*to it that annexa
tion has a majority so large as to impress our senti
mental people. ., '
Shall fall into the ballot-box, and thereafter they pro
ceed to revise the freeman's will and beautify the re
sult. But it seems that the Cuban artists are faith
cure folk. They give the result absent treatment, not
requiring the presence of the ballot at all. The
voters may save the time required to visit the polls. ¦•'
These official mind-readers will attend to everything.
The voter need not even touch the button in order
for them to do the rest.
it must be -said for our criminal countrymen who do
slick work with the ballots that in their rude, un
tutored hearts they, after a fashion, respect the sanc
tity of the ballot-box and insist that the ballot'
Which falls as light
As snowflake on the sod,
But executes the freeman's will.
As lightning does the will of God,
The newspaper exhausts itself in demonstrating the
iniquity of the returning board. Admitting its state
ment of facts/that iniquity is great. If that board
padded 7000 votes cast into 45,000, and allotted them*
to candidates as it pleased, which of course would
follow, it has nothing to learn from Tammany or of
the Pilgrim Band in Philadelphia. At the worst
those experts get the ballots into the box by judi
cious stuffing, repeating .and impersonation of law
ful voters by others. They also miscall -and mistally
to candidates votes that were cast against them. But
LA REPUBLICA, an organ of revolution > and
independence in Havana, soberly questions the
declared result of the recent election for the
organic officers of the new republic. It has required
twenty-eight'days for the returning board of the
province of Havana to tabulate the tally sheets and
declare officially the result of the election. Its final
return shows that '55,486 voters went to the polls in
that, province. This is disputed by La Republica,
which declares that not over 7000 voted in the city
of Havana and the same indifference existed through
out the province. It also, shows that the registry of
voters in the whole province was.,75,000, of which
on ly 35.OOO were registered in the city of Havana,
yet the board returns 45,000 votes as cast in Havana,
or io.goo in excess, of the registration and the exhibit
of the census.
CUBAN REACTION.
should they change? I also pointed out the mistake
to the ; Chinese here in r \Vashington, : and, they cele
brated the correct day just one year. Why?^Because ,
in that year they -lost money in the conduct of their
business and held that th'e changing of the New : Year
day had brought them b!ad luck."
Having- explained the. matter to those who were
congratulating;, him the Minister -then- proceeded to'
pronounce judgment: : on £ the situation. ; He said:
"The Chinese in America are a bigoted and ignorant
class and I am disgusted: with them all." Neverthe- :
less, when he rose to speak at the Lincoln banquet he
made his usual plea for an unrestricted immigration
to this country of the" ignorant" bigots who disgust
him. In all his variety there is one point upon which
he doesn'r vary. ¦ v -
WOODMEN TO GREET HEAD CONSUL
WITH FIRE AND BLARE OF HORNS
, FRIDAY............. .V..... FEBRUARY 14, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Comma&iutiou to W. S. LEASE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE.. .....Telephone Press 204
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Preas 201.
KDITOHUL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preiia 202.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Sintrle Copies. 5 Cent*. , .
Termn Iir Wall. Fnrindtnsr Postacret I
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday), one year Jfi.OO
DAILY CALL {Including- Sunday). 8 month* S.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1.50 |
DAILT CALL— By Single Month.. 65c
SUNDAY CALL, One Year.... 150
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1-00
All postmaster* are nnthorlretl to receive
(¦nbnerlptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. ',
Mall eubscribws. in ordering chansre of address should be
r*tSca!ar to give both ICEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure -a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKI.A.VD OFFICE .- .1118 Broadiray
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Maragtr Fereign AdrertiEiag, Karqsetta Building. Chic&go.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.Y Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STErHEX B. SSIITU SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Actoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6bermui House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
WASHINGTON (D- C> OFFICE. . . .1-IOO G St., Jf. W.
MORTOX E. CRAMS. Correspondent.
BRA\CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of City, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hares, open until 9:30 o'clock. A33
McAllister, open until 9:20 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, cornet Sixteenth, open vctll 9 o'clock. 109ft Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. cr>en until 9 p. m.
THE SA^ CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1902.
6
Alcasar — "The Rogue's Comedy."
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King."
Orpfceum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Raglan's Way."
California — "The Sign of the Cross."
Tivoli — "The Ameer."
Central — "A Young Wife."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. *-,
Mechanics* Pavilion — Juvenile Fairyland Carnival.
Sherman-Cl&y Hall — Anselus Piano Player Recital. Satur-
day afternoon.
Metropolitan Hall — Piano Recital to-morrow afternoon.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture Sunday afternoon.
Metropolitan Hall — Song Recital Monday evening, Feb. 17.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. Layng — Monday evening, February 17. at 7:45
o'clock. Racehorses aud Stallions, at 721 Howard street.
HOTEIj DEi;C0R6NADCV choicest' Winter
Resort in the world, offers best living, "climate,
boating, bathing, fishing and most arause-
t s. E. S. Babcock. ; manager, " ; Coronado, Cal.~.
>' The: things that elude us are'the temp-
tations for which there has. been made a
way ' of : escape . and for.', every . disappoint-
ment there has , been' something • gained.
- The one great virtue of Burnett's Vanilla Ex-
tract is purity/ It's real vanilla extract & noth-
ing but vanilla extract. Always use Burnett's.
A .White' Cloud, MoJ, ¦ man was seen on
the street carrying a rusty, stovepipe. An-
other fellow kicked the," stovepipe and out
tumbled several' chickens - the man was
making way; with.;, „ : .-- . • ;
. Special information supplied daily to
business houses 'and public ' men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, In ' fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for. Eastern friends.
639 Market St.". Palace Hotel building. •
Look otit for 814th st:, front of barber and
grocery; best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c.»
Cal. glace .fruit -60c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
BSsaaaHSBBiiBQSBBHnassBBaasss
; - a o — — — ; eg
g How I Played the "Fiddled 1
| in Dawson. 1 4
* . g | BY MAYOR EUGENE E. SCHMITZ. |
o g What I Hope to Be When I | o
2j Fifteen Grammar School Girls Picked at 3
H Random Reply to This Question. B
O ' Read Their Unique Answers. H _
o S Most Original Society Girl in I o
I San Francisco. I
| How to Serve a George Wash- U
° ington Luncheon. S
BBBnHBMHMraaaaaBBBBaBEBBBaBaaaaMHiiiiBaBaanaa
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBIlBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBaBBBBBB
By ... QBl
| : San Francisco Women Who 1
§ Have Colonial Costumes/ I
o S Look for "Brockman's Mav- £
1 erick. 11 B 6
i 1 ' -— - Si,
I Eight Pages of Color That Are S
g Pleasing to the^Eye. § .
og ¦ g o
I Correct Fashions for Lent. 8
g 2 . •" l ¦" ¦ ¦
H . : THE- SUNDAY CALL ; PRINTS U
S MORE STORIES THAN ALL m
H ..THE OTHER SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY S
H ' "" PAPERS COMBINED. §
—--¦':¦ • .."..'- ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Bniiaiiiiiiii '-'.The paper thinks that had Greatt Brit
ain foreseen the end she would have
thought twice before acting as she has
done. The paper concludes by saying:
The world knows that it is not Germany
who deserves reproach for desiring to secure
nTa C fn^f b wor?d b po-liti 1 cf Ue<i Pr0CedUre In the d °-
T^ rmany *¦*" !? oken the last word in the
Lord Pauncefote dispute. This step was neces
rFZli * }} has fulflUed lts Purpose, as the
British attempts to conceal and distort the
tacts have now been properly revealed.
The ivreuz Zcitung, in an inspired note
concerning the Spanish-American war
controversy, says:
The German Government showed at that time
not a captious, vexatious", neutrality, but a
Iriendly neutrality, evidently reeling tbat the
war was inevitable and that to interfere would
'¦ Tne United States Embassador, An
drew D. White, was interviewed on the
subject, but declined to express any opin
ion, saying the line of conduct' on Ger
many s part was entirelv in accordance
witii all that has passed between the For
eign Office and the United States em
bassy curing the Spanish-American war
While said:
A\e have nothing to fear. No document in
this matter exists whose publication could
cause us embarrassment.
BERLIN, Feb. 13.— Referring to the
expression in the London press that the
publication of Dr. von Holleben's dis-
, patch of April 15, 1S9S, was an unfriendly
act toward Great Britain, ' the German
officials assert that, on the contrary, the
British Embassador hero. Sir Francis C.
Lascelies, was informed beforehand that
the dispatch was to be publlisfied, and
was assured that Germany meant noth
ing unfriendly to /Great Britain, but
wanted nftsrely to clear her own record.
Regarding the intimation In the London
papers that Great Britain could make
it unpleasant for Germany by publishing
certain documents, the officials here say:
German Press Believes That
Great Britain Acted Too
Hastily.
Will Not Further Notice
the Lord Pauncefote
Dispute.
GERMANY SPEAKS
THE LAST WORD
BERNE, Feb. 13.— The Swiss Govern
ment has introduced in Parliament a draft
of a new customs tariff bill intended to
serve as a basis for future commercial
treaty negotiations. The number of duti
able articles is increased from 500 to over
1100. The duties on some of the present
dutiable articles are increased and the
bill empowers the Bundesrath to increase
duties in the case of states imposing. high
duties on Swiss products, or not granting
Switzerland the most favored nation
treatment. yx.J* '. V
New Swiss Tariff Bill.
OTTAWA. Ont., Feb. 13.— Parliament
was ooened to-day with the usual cere
monies, Lord Minto, the Governor Gen
eral in the speech from the throne, allud
ed to the royal visit of last year and the
cordial reception given to the Prince and
Princess of Wales. The speech also, ex
pressed the sorrow of the Canadian peo
ple over the assassination of President
McKinley and a bill is promised similar
to the one now before Congress to pun
ish those who by speech or otherwise in
cite fanatics to the perpetration of such
horrible crimes. . 7 y - T ;
People Over Assassination of
President McKinley.
Lord Minto Expresses Sorrow of the
CANADIAN. PARLIAMENT
IS OPENED AT OTTAWA
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— Postofflces es
tablished: . California— Hutchins, Yuba
County, Ellen Picard, postmistress. Wash
ington— Bogachiel, Jefferson County, Au
gusta Christensen.
Postoffice discontinued: Oregon—Big
low, Sherman County, mail goes to Klon-
Postmasters appointed: California—Sim
eon Baker, Merced Falls, Merced County,
vice C. E. Fowler, resigned. Washington
E F. Harpst, Friday Harbor, San Juan
County, vice J. E. Tucker.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— Benjamin H. Brown,
Brownsville, $6. Increase— Henry L. Bar
nett, Oakland, $8; Ellis T. Armstrong.
Vallejo, $8. Mexican war — Leonard A.
Munson, Petaluma, $12: Peter Suellack,
Veterans' Home. Napa. $12. Widows— M.
Fannie Swank, Visalia. $12; Mary E. Dar
ling, Santa Cruz, $S; Harriet Sneliug, Los
Angeles, $S.
Oregon — Increase — Mexican ! war — Mich
ael Emrich, Milton. $12. "Widow— Augusta
Boyington, Bay City, $8.
Washington— Increase— John H. Bran
dow, Seattle, $8; Alonzo Jack, Ellens
burg, $10. v
Naval orders— Naval Cadet H. T. Wins
ton is detached from the Philadelphia" and
assigned to the Marietta.
and More New Pensions Are
. Granted. _
Changes Made in the Postal Servlco
OF INTEREST TO PEOITLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
No" visitors called at the school during
the day. This evening Professor Jackson
of the faculty called at the Powell cot
tage and assured the newspaper men that
the patient was holding his own, confirm
ing earlier reports by saying that his
pulse, resniration' and 'temperature were
normal. The indications also were for a
good night. . ¦ '
Mrs. Roosevelt kept indoors nearly all
day. her only taste of the cool, bracing
air being during her walk from the Gard
ner house to - the infirmary. She has
borne up well under the strain. She will
be relieved somewhat during the next few
days by Miss Alice Roosevelt, who. the
President had said, would leave Washing
ton to-morrow for Groton. He also said"
that Mrs. Roosevelt hoped to remove
Theodore Jr. to the White House within
ten days, adding that the boy would re
turn to Groton to complete his course as
soon as his health would permit.
Before lunch he called on the other pa
tients, the Gammell and Potter boys, and
cheered them up with his kindly greet
ings. Then he proceeded to the Powell
cottage and held a brief interview with
the newspaper men who had that place
for their headquarters. The President
feelingly thanked them for a gift of flow-,
ers to Mrs. Roosevelt and for their cour
tesy to him and his family during the
trying days that have so happily ended.
The remainder of his stay was with Mrs.
Roosevelt and 'his son. At 4:15 p. m. the
President, accompanied by Secretary Cor
telyou, Barnes, the executive clerk; Prin
cipal Peabody of the school and two secret
service officers, left in a carriage for
Groton village station. A special train
was in readiness there to take the party
to Worcester. Many persons had gathered
at the station and in response to their
cheers the President doffed his hat. He
also bade farewell to the newspaper men
grouped at his platform. At 4:30 the
train left. _ -
The President passed a quiet day. This
morning after visiting his son he spent
most of his time at the Gardner mansion,
transacting official business.
Later in the day Dr. "Warren stated that
the patient's temperature, respiration and
pulse were normal, a decided contrast to
his condition the past few days. The. boy
rested well all day, although his pulse
was somewhat accelerated for a short
period this afternoon because of the de
parture of his father.
! The day was full of happiness 'for the
President and Mrs. Roosevelt, and indeed
for all who were at the infirmary or near
the school grounds.. The first report from
•the bedside of young Roosevelt showed
that he had passed a good night. After
the morning consultation of Drs. Lam
bert and "Warren it was announced that
the boy's condition was progressing favor
ably. - The report, said that the lungs were
clearing well, although the patient was
still in the second stage of pleuro-pneu
monia, known to medical men as the
stage of exudation. >
GROTON, Mass., Feb. 13.— The most
eventful day at the Groton School since
Theodore Roosevelt Jr. became ill closed
with the departure of President Roosevelt
for Washington late this afternoon. Be~
fore that the President in the homely
phrase, "Ted has improved with such
rapid jumps that am sure he is out of
the woods," had told the world of the
load lifted from his mind.
His Condition Warrants the
Return of His Father
to the Capital.
Young Roosevelt Is Re
ported to Be Rapidiy
Improving.
PRESIDENT GOES
TO WASHINGTON
¦
B
s
PEKING, Feb. 13.— The Anglo- Japanese
alliance became generally known here to
day and ¦ has created a profound sensa
tion. Those British and Japanese resi
dents of ; Peking whose opinions . are
worthy' of consideration believe the alli
ance insures peace and .will effectually
check ' the dismemberment schemes of
other- powers. , "'' •• -"
¦ The chief objection raised by .the diplo
mats of opposing interests is found in the
clause of the alliance which contemplates
possible intervention in the event of in
ternal i disturbances in • China or > • Korea.
These diplomats ¦, are telling the Ghinese
officials that the new treaty amounts to
an , attempt to establish* an Anglo-Japan
ese protectorate, which threatens China's
independence. ••¦ * • ¦'¦ . ¦• :
• Chinese officials, Including Prince Ching,
President of i the Foreign Office, ; profess
hearty approval of ; the . treaty. Prince
Ching has announced that he will not fur
ther v discuss ¦ the . • Ru§so-Chlnese : Bank
agreement with the Russian agents, w-. .
• The ' Chinese Foreign : Office .'gave r" the
customary '.New. -Year's luncheon to-day
to the diplomats here., Prince Ching pre
sided- at .the table. -<¦ Baron von 'Wahlburg,
the Austrian Minister, sat on the | right of
Prince Ching," while ¦ Minister Conger, the
•American - representative, ; occupied a" seat
on his left. -The Austrian Minister toasted
Diplomats Object to Clause - Content-
plating Possible Intervention.
SENSATION AT PEKING.
CALL BUREAU 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— That an
occasion may not immediately arise for
the application of the Anglo- Japanese
treaty the representatives of the powers
In Peking have been instructed to urge
the signature by China of the evacuation
convention negotiated with Russia. This
convention was negotiated with the
Russo-Chinese Bank arrangement, the
negotiation of which is believed to have
been one of the important causes of the
conclusion . of the treaty of alliance be
tween Great Britain and Japan. This
arrangement Is strongly opposed by the
United States and will not be signed, ac
cording to the Japanese, unless Russia
is prepared to engage in war with them,
and in case of assistance being rendered
by France, with Great Britain. •
In some quarters It is generally be
lieved that Russia will withdraw her
support from an arrangement considered
so objectionable. Whether she will at the
same time abandon her effort to obtain
tne signature of the evacuation conven
tion is a question which the authorities
are. somewhat concerned about.
Awaits March of Events.
When the Russian Government found
opposition on the part of the powers last
spring to the agreement with China, it
abandoned negotiations and stated that
while maintaining the existing temporary
situation In Manchuria in order to pre
serve peace throughout the vast territory
adjoining her" frontier, and following out
with absolute fidelity its original inten
tions, "the imperial Government is con
tent to await calmly ,the march of
events." Should the Russo-Chinese Bank
arrangement fail, Russia will be in a
position to refer to her declaration that
she would withdraw her troops "provided
the action of other powers shall not
stand in the way," and remain in pos
session of Manchuria-
Whether Great Britain and Japan will
be disposed to permit Russia to remain
can be determined only by themselves.
In view of the publication. of their treaty
of alliance, which in itself is regarded
here as an ultimatum to Russia, it is not
believed they can with dignity permit the
Muscovite Government to remain -with
out some definite assurances as to tTie
time of evacuation.
As Explained by Japan.
The Japanese Minister, Mr. Takahira,
has received the following cablegram
from Tokio: >
The Anglo- Japanese agreement was an
nounced on the 12th inst. ''in the House of
Peer? by General Viscount Katsura, Minister-
President, and in the House of Representatives
by Mr. Komura, Minister for Foreign Affairs,
with the following explanations:
In view of the actual situation in the Far
East and the interests- of the empire Involved
therein, and recognizing the desirability of
establishing close and confidential relations
with friendly powers having common interests
with our own country, the imperial Government
entered into negotiations with the British Gov
ernment last year for the purpose of attaining
that end. The two Governments, having been
happily brought into complete accord upon the
subject after extended negotiations and the
imperial Government having obtained his
Majesty's sanction, instructed their plenipo
tentiary to sign with the British plenipoten
tiary at London on the 30th of January last
an agreement having the above objects in
view.
This agreement Is entirely pacific in pur
pose and has no other object than the proper
safeguarding of the Interests of the neighbor
ing empires of China and Korea.
Considering that the principles of territorial
integrity and the open door have been volun
tarily declared and approved by all of the
powers concerned It is our belief that the
present agreement will not be regarded In an
unfavorable light by any of the powers
It was stated at the Russian embassy
that the purposes set forth in the Brit
ish-Japanese agreement as to the pres
ervation of the integrity of the Chinese
empire are in harmony with those of tfie
Russian Government, which has consist
ently contended for that principle.
Substance of Agreement Communi-
UNCLE SAM IS INFORMED.
cated Before Publication.
LONDON, Feb. 13.-The Parliamentary
Secretary of Foreign Affafc-s, Lord Cran
borne, replying in the House of Commons
to-day to Henry Norman (Liberal), who
asked whether the Anglo-Japanese treaty
of alliance was communicated to the
United States Government before its text
was published and if so whether the Gov«
ernment of the United States expressed
an opinion thereon, said the substance of
the agreement was communicated to the
United States Government before pub-,
llcatlon. The United States did not ex.
press any opinion on the subject. Lord
Cranborne added the information that
Manchuria was no more excluded from
the terms of the agreement than j any
other province of the Chinese empire
The substance of the agreement. Lord
Cranborne said, was also communicated
to Germany.
Norman subsequently moved an ad
journment in order to discuss the treaty.
Norman said he objected to the - Anglo-
Japanese treaty on the ground that it was
fwWl? an antl-Russlan threat and that
it tied Great Britain to the whole of the
Japanese policy in such a'way that, she
fa^wnVteresfs.' 0 S ° to ™r . against
_ Lord Cranborne explained that the con
trading parties were only bound to un
dertake mutual defense of their interests
So far as the treaty concerned the in
tegrity of China, Manchuria must be ta
ken as forming part of the Chinese Em
pire. The purposes ofi the alliance were
threefold— the maintenance of the status
quo, the policy of the open door and the
maintenance of peace in the Far East. No
other power's interests In the Far East
were at all comparable with those of
Great Britain and Japan. While It was
true that alliances of Great Britain with
other powers had been regarded hereto
fore with suspicion, he, frankly declared
that the Government was not going to be
deterred by these considerations or admit
that because an agreement involved that
departure from the policy of isolation it
was therefore open- to adverse criticism.
They saw on all sides a tendency of the
great, powers to form groups and ever
increasing burdens on the people. In
these days ¦ wars broke out with a sud
denness which was not the case in for
mer years. So the country adopting with
out reservation the doctrine that all alli
ances must be avoided must be endowed
with extraordinary self-sufficiency. Brit
ons must not be swayed by old-fashioned
suspicion In regard to isolation, but must
consider whether the objects of the alli
ance are commendable; whether the price
is too great. If these questions were sat
isfactorily answered, then the alliance was
a good thing. There was much greater
danger in leaving great questions of in
ternational policy to a vague, hasty un
derstanding than in embodying them ex
plicitly in an -agreement, the purpose of
which can be understood. Great Britain
desired to protect Japan against what
she conceived to be the gravest peril that
might menace her, namely, a coalition of
the powers against her. The agreement
would compel Great Britain to come to
the rescue of a friendly country whose
obliteration by a coalition of the powers
Great Britain could not under any cir
cumstances tolerate. .The treaty was not
connected with the Government's decision
regarding Wei-Hal-Wei.:. The mainte
nance of the independence of Japan and
the protection of Korea were of the ut
most importance to Great Britain as well
as Japan. I . ,
Lord Rosebery , expressed general ap
provalof the treaty.. He said the effect
of the treaty wo.uld be felt in a great part
of Europe and in the rest of the civilized
world. - ¦ . • .
The Foreign Secretary, . Lord . Lans
(Jowne, in the House of Lords, made' a
somewhat similar reply on the effect of
the new dual alliance to the one made in
the House of Commons by Lord Cran
borne. Lord Lansdowne added that noth
ing in the agreement did violence to ths
accepted policy of the other powers. '
Explained to the Lords.
This statement was received with
cheers.
Lord Cranborne said in> conclusion that
he would supplement his? earlier state
ment regarding the United States by say
ir.g: "Throughout all the doings In China
the relations between Great Britain ani
the United States were marked by the
greatest cordiality.. At almost every
crisis and in the case of every small dif
ficulty which had arisen during the nego
tions at Peking the United States and
British representatives had always acted
together. There Is no doubt that in this
agreement we shall command the full ap
proval of the Government of the United
States." *
The treaty was not unfriendly to other
nations. It would, Balfour said, have a
sobering effect on the continental -schools
of thought, which imperiled the world's
peace. An interchange of notes would
have resulted in ambiguity.
Continuing, Lord Cranborne said Russia
had recognized Japan's special position in
Korea by "the agreement of 1898 and al
most every power had indorsed the prin
ciple of the "open door" and the terri
torial integrity of China. The new treaty,
therefore, was merely along lines already
accepted by almost every power. Great
Britain's commercial position in China
was of the greatest importance and who
could say what its importance would be
come in the future, with China's infinite
capacity for expansion? Great Britain's
commercial position, though great, was
not unchallenged. Spheres of influence
did not suit her. She wanted the whole
of China open to industrial enterprise.
The Government was bound to take every
care in safeguarding its ' commercial
rights in the Orient. -Japan's special in
terest was governed by her geographical
position. Her army and Great Britain's
navy were acting in concert and were pe
culiarly able to maintain the foregoing
policy. i . . ;
The Government leader, A. J. Balfour,.
said there seemed to be an impression that
something hostile to peace was behind the
agreement. That was not.so. The- treaty
was not based on secret information of
impending dangers, but on the broad facts
of British interests. The treaty made
strongly for peace, because even the most
adventurous nation would shrink from at
tacking Japan with the knowledge that
Great Britain would also have to be en
countered.
Treaty Is for Peace.
when the danger was due to the aggres
sion of others and the power called upon
to help the other must judge whether the
conditions of the treaty have been ob
served. •
The Liberal leader, Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman, thought the identical inter
ests of Great Britain, the United States
and Japan could have been sufficiently se
cured by an interchange of notes instead
of by an explicit undertaking of this
kind. : , i
the Chinese Emperor, while Conger
toasted the Chinese officials. The toasts
were responded to by Prince Ching.
to Clasp Japan's Hand.
AN EXTErAOBDINABY FACT.
Britain Abandons Isolation Policy
YOKOHAMA, Feb. 13.— The press here
gives vent to unmixed pleasure at the con
clusion of the agreement with Great
Britain which secured for Japan admis
sion to the comity of great nations. The
Press also recognizes that the agreement
imposes heavy responsibilites and • that
Japan must not fall the error of
supposing that peace will be assured with
out further effort.
Several of the papers comment upon the
extraordinary fact > that the leading world
power abandons its polity, of . Isolation
openly to clasp hands with Japan. The
Nichinichi Shimbun says that the union
of the strongest military power in the
East with the greatest i naval power in
the world constitutes an invincible force.
The Ashahi Shimbun, an important pa
per of Tokio. .declares that the whole
country acclaims the agreement, which for
the .first time removes Korea beyond the
dangerous contingencies involved in the
evidences of Russia's willingness to sacri
fice that country upon the altar of her
great ambition.
RUSSIA WILL LIB LOW.
Austrian Comment on the Nevr Far
East Alliance.
VIENNA, Feb. 13.— The Anglo- Japanese
treaty of alliance is the feature of to
day's news in the Austrian newspapers
and Russia's probable action is widely
discussed. The consensus of opinion
among those who are generally in touch
with Russian views Js that the militant
Muscovites will endeavor to revenge them
selves by stirring up disorders In Afghan
istan, while the Russian Government will
lie low, awaiting the moment when Japan,
having organized the military forces of
China, will join hands with the latter and
drive put all Europeans with the excep
tion of the Russians, who, by that time,
will occupy an impregnable position in
Manchuria.
Sorne of the papers affect to see in the
publication of the treaty at the time when
Admiral Prince Henry of Prussia is start
ing f for the United States, "Great Brit
tuS-^ty w° J < S erman ? r ' s rapprochment
with the United States."
SHEBIFFS GETTDTG BEADY
TO HUNT DOWN" BANDITS
Will Wage a War of Extermination
Against the Musgrove Band
of Outlaws.
EL PASO, Tex., Feb. 13.— Pursuant to
instructions from Governor Otero of New
Mexico the Sheriffs of Guadalupe, Union,
Lincoln and Chaves counties are organiz
ing posses of picked men to hunt down
the members of the Jack Musgrove band
of bandits which has recently terrorized
that region. This means that a war of
extermination will be waged against the
outlaws and exciting times are expected
in that portion of New Mexico to -which
the outlaws have retreated. At present
they are said to.be in the fastnesses ot
the Wild Capitan Mountains, reveling in
fancied security. The Governor addressed
a strong letter to the Sheriffs of the four
counties mentioned, urging them to "end
the reign of terror in the isolated settle
ments of Eastern New Mexico; caused by
the murdering and pillaging outlaws."
and promising that he will recommend to
the next Legislature that rewards be
given those who are instrumental in cap
turing and convicting the brigands.
EXECTJTOBS DESIBE
TO] MOETGAGE AN ESTATE
Debts Is Brought TJp in
Marin.
Matter of ' Payment of the Burdell
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 13.— The executors
of the. estate of Mary A. Burdell this
afternoon filed a petition in this county to
be allowed to mortgage trie property for
$175,000 in order to pay off debts and lega
cies to the amount of $130,000 and also to
pay James Burdell, . one of the • heirs,
$40,000.
By the will of Mrs. Burdell, which left
property to the amount of over ¦ $400,000.
James Burdell was bequeathed as part of
his share stock in the "Western Refrigera
tor Company. This company was subse
quently merged into the Petaluma -Gas
and > Electric Company and before the
death of ' the testatrix the shares were
sold for $40,000. Mrs. Burdell, however,
failed to change the clause in her will.
Judge Angellotti will be called upon to de
termine whether or not the cash received
from the shares sold is payable to James
Burdell.. . ' -
-NEBRASKA CITT, Nebr.'. Feb. 13. — For the
killing; ot Mrs. Maggie Leslie on the evening
Of November. 5 John McCormlck was ( found
guilty of murder In the second degree. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Russia's Attitude Is Likely to Cause Strife if Occasion Arises
for Applying the New Anglo-Japanese Treaty:
MUSCOVITE GOVERNMENT MAY HOLD
MANCHURIA IN DEFIANCE OF POWERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAT; FEBRITAEY 14, 1902.
that inquiry be made among prominent scholars regarding their views of spiritualism. The authorities con
template measures against the spiritualists, such as the prohibition of public seances where spirits are alleged to'ap
pear and the prevention of-mediums from falling into trances for the purpose of communicating with spirits.
BERLIN, Feb! 13.— Emperor William's recent conversations concerning Christian science and spiritualism
seem about to bear fruit. The police authorities here, on the Emperor's orders, will undertake an investiga
tion of "Eddyism" to. secure material for a public warrrinj? in this matter. Emperor William has also directed
Emperor William Directs That Measures Be Taken to Warn the People
Against Mediums and Prohibit the Holding of Public Seances.
GERMAN AUTHORITIES ARE TO INVESTIGATE
CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS AND SPIRITUALISTS
7
AMUSEMENTS. v
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL,
* 223 SUTTER STREET.
PiANO REuITmLW .H£ ANGAUa
fiaMJPLArtH..
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 15, at 3 o'clock p m
Part i
1. William Tell Overture." Rossini
Throughout the overture. Violin Flute
and other orchestral effects (obtainable only
with the Angehis) will be noticed
<a) Serenade, op 29 Chamlnade
(b) Amoureuse. Valse tres lento AH. Bcrger
3. Sons, "Because I Love You, Dear" Hawlev
M1SS HELENE NIELSEN. " iiaWle>
4. Florodora Potpourri ¦. . . . . Stuart
INTERMISSION.
During the intermission the following
selections will be rendered by the "Victor"'
Monarch Disc Talking Machine:
(a) Calvary— Bass Solo .A. B. Madiera
(b) Sextet from Lucia Sousa's Band
(c) The Arrow and the Song..J. w. Myers
PART II.
5. Fantaisie Impromptu, op. 6....Moszkowski
0. (a) Spanish Dance, op. 12, No. 2, in A..
-•¦ - \™.l"r.VA" Moszkowskl
fb) "A Day in Venice," The Gondoliers..
7. Sons. A Madrigal *.."*.'..'. V " Harris
MISS HELENE NIELSEN "
8. Rhapsodie Hongroise, No. 14 ...Liszt
All Vocal Selections Accompanied by the
Angelus.
STEINWAY PIANOFORTE USED
The following selections will be rendered by
the "Victor" Monarch Disc Talking Machine:
(a) Maidens Three — The Summer Girl
•••-•••• • Sousa's Band
(b) Kathleen Mavourneen — Duet
, r^.-^V;, Dudley and MacDocough
(c) The Wedding of the Reuben and the
Maid Sousa's Band
Admission free, but to prevent overcrowding
of the hall, tickets should be procured from
Sherman. Clay & Co., corner Kearny and Sut-
ter streets.
THE
Fairylandjarniva].
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
OPEN FROM 1 TO 11 P. M.
SPECIAL FEATURES TO-DAY:
MASKING ON THE FLOOR BY THE LIT-
TLE ONES; SERPENTINE AND CONFETTI
BATTLE: CHAMPIONSHIP JUVENLLE
CAKEWALK.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
THE ELECTRIC BALLET— 150 CHILDREN.
General admission. 25c; Children. 10c.
SONG RECITALS
MONDAY and WEDNESDAY EVENINGS,
February 17 and 19.
Saturday Afternoon (Washington's Birthday),
February 22. . -
SINGLE SEAT SALE NOW OPEN AT
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S
Prices, $1, f2, $3.
Coming — Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
CHUTES ANDZOO I 3r 1 *2K!r
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
— —GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK—
Commencing SUNDAY,
KELLY & VIOLETTE, the Fashion Plate Duo.
Telephone for. Seats— Park 23.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and . Webster Streets.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING. FEBRUARY 14
DR. EMMET RIXFORD.
"The Pathology of Art" (with lantern slides).
ADMISSION FREE. ."
Long hhOUgh
No One in San Fran-
cisco Will Ever
Again See the
Like,
If. You Are Coming, Do Not
Delay— First Comers Take
Choice— A Few Remarks
- About Piano Prices and
What Can Be Accomplished
Now. _ i ¦
If you anticipate the purchase
of a fine Piano within the next
twelve months you should not
fail to hustle around to 653 Mar-
ket street (opposite the Lotta
Fountain) and select choice of
a { "new scale" Kimball Piano
during this closing' out sale of
the Eilers Piano Company whole-
sale stock, which began last
Monday morning.
One hundred and seventy-five
dollars, and in some cases as
•much as two hundred and fifty
dollars, can actually be saved in
purchasing a Piano at this sale.
The difference between retail
price of a fine Piano and its ac-
tual wholesale or factory cost is
of necessity enormous — in most
cases nearly, one-half — and this
difference can actually be saved
now by every person who deals
here.
At this sale can be had for
$136 a Piano that retails every-
; where else for no less than $250.
i At this sale can be had a New
Scale Kimball Upright Piano, in
! fancy mottled English walnut,
quarter-sawed oak, or selected
San Domingo mahogany case, a
strictly modern and up to-date
Piano, possessing every \'aluable
improvement found only in the
most costly American Piano-
fortes, and having numerous ex-
clusive features that are the ex-
clusive property of the manufac-
turers of the Kimball Piano, and
cannot therefore be found in any
other make. We will sell you
such a Piano for virtually one-
half of the amount you would be
expected to pay for an instru-
ment of similar grade and value
elsewhere.
Twenty-five dollars down and
$10 a month will secure any in-
strument in stock, excepting
three very elaborately hand-
carved styles, the factory cost of
which exceeds $350, and on
which payments cannot be ac-
cepted less than $50 down and
$20 a month. As all prices are
based, on the cash cost of the in-
struments, those taking advan-
tage of our easy payment plan
will pay interest at the rate of 8
per cent per annum on deferred
payments.
Do not forget the place I and
number. California's Coming
Great Piano Store.
Music Company
653 MARKET STREET.
Branch Houses at Sacramento,
Portland, Oregon, and Spokane,
Washington.
HER VALUE INCREASED.
NORBICA'S EUROPEAN SUCCESS
" HAS DOUBLED HER
PBICES. ,
The financial value that accompanies
artistic success is again illustrated In tha
case of Nordlca. the great soprano, whose
triumphs at Beyreuth were heralded far.
and . near. Before her overwhelming:
European success, managers estimated ber
services at $600 for each performance,
but the contract for this season calls for
$1200 per night for fifty nights. Sixty
thousand dollars as against thirty thou-
sand is a handsome increase. Her hormw
in London Is a beautiful example of taata*
and refinement. Chlcagoans will be inter-
ested In knowing that she has a Kimball
piano in her studio.- which she constantly
uses because, as she^says, it is perfect for
accompanying the voice. — Chicago Inter
Oceixu
IBaEBBBEBBaaBBHBBBBBaLJBQBBaRBEaBBBSSBHBBiBBSBBH
| THIS COUPPN, |
j CLIPPED FROM THE CALL, §
j Admits One Child |
| SATURDAY AFTERNOON, §f |
B'v . . ¦¦: . :, ¦ ¦ .__ ¦ !,v.'V' '¦ -' V ' ¦..¦':>:: ?. i .';;H
OSgiSnESaHEHBHHHaESSHEEaHSiSHBaBEBBHBBHBBBBHHi^i
AMUSEHEKTS.
t Wff«Hw ? HOUSE
MATINEES TO-MOHKOVr ANDSUNDAY.
FAREWELL THREE NIGHTS OF
EDWIN ARDEN
In His Most Successful Drama,
"RAGLAN'S WAY"
POPULAR PRICKS 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Scats All Matinees,
Next "Week — Georg*> Ober In Host's Big
Success — "-A TEMPERANCE TOWN."
SPECIAL! THIS AFTERNOON AT 3:15,
SECOND YMPHJNY CONCbRT.
(Second Series.)
PAUL STEINDOUFF, Director
Seats— *1 f.0, $1. 75c and 00c, at Sherman.
Clay & Ca'e.
Last 2 Nights — Slatinee Saturday
ViOLA ALLEN
And Company, Presenting
"In the PalacejDf the King."
NEXT ATTRACTION.
BEGINNING MONDAY. FEBRUARY 17.
WM. A BRADY* ¦»
Si? production cf the successful Bucolic Drama.
"WAY DOWN EAST."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT. Feh. 10.
FAREWELL RECITAL.
JOSEf HOFHANN.
SPECIAL PHICES— $1 SO to 50c.
VAUDEVILLJHAMBROSIA!
IMary Norman; Dempsey and Mack
Company; 3 Marvelous Merrills:
Wincherman's Bears, and The Bio-
graph. Last times of Eose and
Jeannette; Adelina Boattino;
Heichen's Hand-Balancing Bogs;
Victor Jerome; Lottie Fremont,
and Harry W. Welch.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balccnr. 10c; Box
Ceats and Opera. Chairs, 50c.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THE REIGNING FAVORITE' IS
THE
THE KING OF FCN-MAKERS.
Next Opera — "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 8.
THIS AND NEXT WEEK— SATURDAY
MATINEE.
T5";iliara Greet Presents the Powerful Young
Heroic Actor;
CHARLES DALTON
In WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama.
THE SIGN OF THE GROSS.
A MAGNIFICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
Note.— Seats Tor the sec-
ond and last week of The
Sign of the Cross now
ready.
flfH MAT RlFMi
Be!asco & Thall Managers
LAST 3 NIGHTS.
Henry. Arthur Jon«s' Brilliant Play,
THEROGUE'S COMEDY"
Special Production — Costly Costumes.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES 15c 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c
Next— "THE ORIENT EXPRESS."
BELASCO A-oTHALeSstfrtg.
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
LAST 3 NIGHTS. :
The Latest New York Dramatic Success,
A Young Wife
Don't Miss This Melodramatic Treat.
Full of Thrills and Sensations.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
PBirPv EVGS— 10c, 15c. 25c, 35c and 50c
riU.WE3 MATINEES 10c, 15c. 25c
XEXT MONDAY — "ATT AFRICAN* KIXG."
RACING
Z very >V eek Day —
Vr Rata ot» Shine.
NtW CALIFORNIA JOCKBY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Kaces start at 2:15 p. to. eharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:20. 2. 2:30 and 2 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tne
track. Last two cars on train reserved, lor
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Uuy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains VU
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land- Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue care at four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars so direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:W
and 4:15 p. xa. and Immediately alter the last
race.
FH^pFVVlANN,
TO-MORROW E (TATUfiDAYnFTERNOOH,
At METROPOLITAN HALL, at 3 O'clock.
Seats at Sherman & Clay's — ?2 to 50c.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these nsagnlfleent
hotels is the wholesale and manu- i
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail Etores. dubs. railroad arul
newspaper offices, banks and thea- "
ters. Street cars to all parts of tha
«3ty— depots, ferries and parka -
pass the entrance.
American and European plans. <
H Liebig across the label are NOT the m
rHI HI ' Wn flcfSS Pj&?SjC raj El gSfk *^ I w 6 9 m i • v 8 (a9 f^jTHE COAST RECORD.
Chicago: Grain Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. J 3.— To-day's stock mar
ket, was similar^ in character to that of Tue«>
Say. but showed a. disposition to realize profits
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
i Chicago was .weaker, but the country specu
lators ¦ and packers , gave good i support to the
market,-; everybody expecting j that " the current
heavy receipts would soon i diminish. :' . I:
| A This' market 'continued neglected at previous
prices. --.v. >"..'•.' i.' '".•.:¦'¦¦. ¦ ¦• r ¦-¦;.¦¦-•
•,;CUKED MEATS— Bacon. s ll%c per lb'v for'
heavy, ;^ 12c , for .' lisht ; medium, . 13c for light
14c : for ¦; extra ] light and : ; 14%g)15c for sugar
cured ; '.? Eastern -": sugar-cured i- Hams," 12@12 U c •
California Hams,; ll@12c;' Mess' Bsef,, $9 30©
Provisions
CHICAGO. Feb. 13.— May, wheat >
%c • to . %@Uc higher : at 78%c . to 78Vi@78%c, !
on the encouragement «iven by a further slight
advance at Liverpool.' .- The depressing effect of
slack speculation was shown • early by a de
cline to . 77%&78c. ¦-¦; At this point ' the market
steadied and the buying .: movement .: began to
assume _ proportions ' to ¦ .which it • has ':¦ been ; a
stranger- for some time. . = This ' was due ; to ¦ the
closing strength at Liverpool and, reports of a
demand for cargoes by Continental houses
The seaboard . advices claimed a . better export
demand, thus strengthening .the cable : informa
tion. . .The domestic : news ¦- chiefly u concerned
wlnterstocks and was. to the effect '.that stocks
Were rat a : very . low i ebb." Country; buying
seemed : : to ¦¦< support ¦,'-". this .'contention. ,;» May
gradually worked up to 78%@78%c during the
afternoon and : cloeed ; %@%c ¦ higher t at ; 78%©
Corn was i fairly, active and i Hrm ' for the : most
"Water Front Notes.
/•.he French bark Alice, which has been
in quarantine ever since she arrived from,
Algoa Bay, was yesterday released and
placed on the drydock for an overhauling.
The British steamship Kirkdale having
discharged her Calcutta cargo, was yes
terday anchored In the stream, where she
will await a charter.
The schooner Novelty, which has been
barbound at South Bend for about a
week, sailed yesterday for this port.
L. E. Olsen is the latest captain to be
placed In charge of the steamship Santa
Monica.
The steam schooner G. C. LJndauer
Captain Allen, sailed yesterday for Grays
Harbor v . on her maiden trip. She was
built for Wilson Brothers.
The steam collier Maria, which arrived
on Sunday; In tow of the Iaqua. was ye»
terday ; taken; to the Risdon Iron Works
for; r"r"'rT"mfntfgiriffflbiii will a— mrrnwn
UNITED . STATES BONDS.
• Bid. Ask. ' Bld.A-tc.
4s qr reg..:.112 112% 4s qr c (new»,*3%139H
4s^qr coup.". 112 112% 3s qr. coup.. 108ft 109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — — Oceanic' '5».. 101 102%
Bay CPC 5a.lO9 100% Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5s:... 110% — Pac O Im 4a. 95 07%
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s. 105% —
Ed,L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6a. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s.l20 — „¦ Pwl-st R 6s. 110% —
Geary-st 5a.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95 —
H C&S 5%a. — — SP.& SjV5a.l22%123%
Do 5s .... — — Sierra Cal 6a. — 106
L Ang R 58.121 — S P of Ar 6s
L A Light 6a. — — (19O9) 112% —
i Do gtd 6s.— — ' (1010) ....113S —
Bogtd l 5a.l04%- — - S P of Cal 63
L A & P 5s. 101% — <1905)Sr A.109 —
. Do lem 5S.101 103 (1005)Sr B.108U —
Mkt-st C 68.125% — (1906) '..... H2%112%
: Dolcm5s.l22 — (1912) : .:.:121%122%
NCR 6s..lUtf— SP of Cal 1st
• ;r>o'-68 '....123 . 124:- p - c gtnd 6s.l20
NiPac C 68.109 — Do 8tmpd..llOTi —
N'Cal R5s.ll2% .— • S > P BrCal6a.l3a —
Oak Gas 5s. 114 — S V>.Wat6s;ll4
Oak^TrniCj.122 ', — '-; - Do 4s.:f.l02H —
• 5 Do 1st c Sslll 112U Do 4s 3dm.l01% —
Oak WG 5».: — " 103% Stkn Gaa 63.102% —
¦', -,; - , ._ WATER. STOCKS.
Contra : Costa .73% 75 </¦ Port ' Costa. . ! 63% 6n
Marln Co ... 50 . - — i Serins -Val .". . b««i ' 88
THURSDAY. Feb. 13— 2:30 p. m.
STOCK Alf D BOND EXCHANGE.
A Coroner's jury yesterday recommend
ed the passage of an ordinance by the
Board of Supervisors requiring elevators
to be encased on all four sides. The ver
dict was rendered on the, body of William
Coops, e machinist. 17 -years of age, who
was killed in an elevator accident on
February 6 at 142 First street. Coops was
lying on the elevator looking down the
shaft as the machine .was slowly ascend
ing, and bis head was caught between the
cage and the floor Joists. The Jury found
that the accident was caused by Coops'
own carelessness.
Elevators Should Be Encased.
Kan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and un-
Bfttled weather Friday, with rain; brisk to
high southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
•weather Friday, with conditions favorable for
rain by night; brisk to high southerly winds-
W'B rraer ' *
Nevada— Cloudy Friday, with rain In western
portion: -brisk easterly winds. ¦
Southeust ftorm warnings are displayed from
Port Harford to Eureka and advisory mes
tspf-s have been sent to southern ports
The river at Red Bluff Is 13.0 feet and fall
Ins and at Sacramento 20.0 and rising
Forecast made at San Francisco for thlrtv
hours ending midnight. February 14 1902*
Northern California— Cloudy and' unsettled
Wfathe- Friday, with rain; brisk to high south
erly wind?; warmer in the interior.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains, with the exception of a- trace at Salt
Lake City, -.-.*•
The pressure has fallen rapidly in the vicin
ity of Cape Mendoclno. A disturbance of some
energy appears to be approaching the coan of
Northern California and conditions are favor
able for a southerly extension of the storm
There has been a rapid rise in temperature
from San Francisco to Eureka.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature. 7 a. m. — 15.
¦The local iron market' ruled steady with a
moderate demand. ¦ The foreign markets- were
higher. Glasgow at 51 s and Mlddlesboro closed
at 46s 0d. Pigiron. warrants closed here at
$11 50@12 50. No. 1 foundry. Northern. $17@
18; No. 1 foundry. Southern.- $16 25(S17 50; No
1 foundry; Southern, soft, - $16'25@16 75. -v •
Spelter was firm, and unchanged at 4%c,
London unchanged at £17 12s 6d. . v
Tin was steady here and unchanged abroad.
The local price was $24 GO bid and ¦ London
closed with spot at £113 and futures at £107
15s. Lead ruled steady here and unchanged
at 4%c. London closed Is 3d higher at £11
12s Gd. - ¦• ¦¦¦•-../' \ i-,' • ,- ¦ ¦.¦ • !s- ; ;..-,-.¦.
NEW, YORK, Feb. 1.3.— Selling , pressure
without finding buyers weakened the local and
foreign market for copper. Thus prices here
were reduced about %c, which closed lake at
$12 37%@12 62% electrolytic at $12 25@12 50,
and casting at |l2 12%® 12 37%. At London
prices as compared with Tuesday's closing fig
ures were 7s 6d ¦ lower. < Spot closed at £54
12s Cd and futures at £54. : ¦ ¦•¦ , .
Nezv York Metal Market.
Extension of Pound T.I rn Its.
George Rounder, president or the Uni
versity Mound Improvement Club, filed
a communication yesterday with the
Board of Supervisors In which he criti
cized the petition of the protestanta
against the extension of the pound limits
by amending the so-called "two cow or
dinance. Roundey asserts that the slp
ers are clam diggers, florists, market
gardeners, dairymen, ex-dairymen and
children, all of whom are directly inter
ested in excluding the districts in which
they reside from the pound limits so they
may be able to use the public streets.
THURSDAY. Feb. 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Aak.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 00 10
Alta, 04 06 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher 06 08 Mexican .... 31 32
Best & Belch. 25 2« Occidental ... 10 12
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 86 87
Caledonia ... 2« 28 Overman .... OS 09
Challenge Con 17 ISIPotosl ....... 11 12
Chollar 10 11 Savage 08 10
Confidence ..60 62 Scorpion .... — 04
Con C & Va. .1 25 1 30 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... 14 IS
Con N York. . 02 04 Silver Hill . . 70 72
Crown Point. 06 08 St. Louis ... — li>
Eureka Con.. 18 —Standard ....3 30 —
Exchequer ..* — 02 Syndicate ... — 07
Gould & Cur 14 15 Union Con ..20 21
Hale & Nor. 29 30 Utah 01 02
Julia — 04 Yellow Jacket 15 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. FRUITS— Apricots, : 7(38%c, for Royals and 8
@13c'for standard to fancy. Moorparka; Evapo
rated : Apples, ; . 8@8%c; sundri.?"^ 4@4%c;
Peaches,'.. 5@7%c;. Pears, 4%@8%c;.Piums,' pit
ted, '4@5%c; unfitted,' l@2c; • Nectar* .es 6®
5%c ! for.redand 5%@6%c for white : "Fig's. 3b
for black and 60@75c per. box for white.*; • • ¦
PRUNES— 1901; crop are quoted Us follows
30-40's, 6@6%c; 40-50' s, 4%®5V4c: 50-60' s, 4M
@4%c; 60-70' s. 3%@4Hc; 70080*8, 3H@3%c; «o
00'8,.2%e3%c; 00-100-s, 2%@2%c per lb. '¦
; RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown,v 8c; 2-crown 6»i
@7->ic;; Loose Muscatels. QMctor 4-crown and
C»4c for . seedless ;! 3-crown. u 6c: 2-crown BVc-
Seedless i Sultanas," 5%c ' f Or , unbleached and 7©
8W.C for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3- De
hesa,' $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers, $1 25
@1 35. ' ¦ ¦;¦ " '.: ¦ : -¦ ¦'* ¦-'• .:¦ -...,••-.- ¦ .
• . NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No 1
softshell, 9%c;No. 2. 8@8%c; No...l hardshnil
0c- ¦ No.- 2, --.7c; i Almonds, : 10%@12c for paptr-
Bhell,*. 0® 10c ' f or . «of tehell ' and.. «®7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. 5@<c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts
12©12%e;;FllbertB-- 12@12%c; ? Pecans. 11013c-
Cocoanuts, 1 , $3 50@5. . r " . ;: '
• HONEY— Comb.x ll@12c ! for bright 'and 10®
lie for light 'amb-r; water white extracted ¦ 60
Be;' light amber extracted, 4fg5c; dark 4c ¦"'•- -
BEESWAX- 27%@29c per lb. •
. The situation remains unchanged,- the ma-xet
being quiet but firm, I with", stocks y.ry.wuch
broken and scattered Into small llne.i here- and
there.- : . ' \:,> y .'¦¦. ' '. . ¦ ' . ¦ .
' ' CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges,' 75c@$l 25
for ;: standards, * $1 50@2 for' choice - and $2@3
for -fancy;. Seedlings," 75c@$l 50; Tangerines,
$1 75@2; Japanese Mandarins, ?2 25©2 50; Med
iterranean Sweets, . $1@1 50; Malta Blood
Oranges, $1 25' per half box; Lemons, 50c@$l
for common and $1@1 60 for good to choice, and
$1 75®2 60 for , fancy; Grape Fruit, $1@2;
Mexican Limes., $4@5; Bananas. $?@2 50 per
bunch ' for New Orleans and $2@£ 50 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $3gf* per ¦ dozen. .
DriedFruits, Nuts and Raisins.
¦APPLES— *1 50(?2 25 per box for extra, $ig>
1 : 50 for good to choice and 50® 75c for ordinary.
PEARS— From :cold , storage, 75c(g$2 50 ; per
box. ¦¦¦¦ I 1 '':- • '¦:.-¦: '. ¦'-; : : ' "" ¦
"Fancy Apples are becoming scarce and 4-tier
Newtown Pippins sell readily. at, the top quota
tion. '¦" •-. -' '• ¦ ¦ --' • : ' -" ' i " ¦ -•*•.' ¦" "¦'¦
I Another consignment , of Strawberries,- 1 con
sisting of 30 small baskets, .was received from
Santa Barbara and sold at 25@30c per basket.
Ripe Bananas are scarce and in demand. Two
cars of New Orleans are expected to-day. ¦; :
The demand for Fancy Oranges for. shipment
to Honolulu has created a firm"' feeling In the
market. -Large sizes are scarce and extra fancy
brands are selling over the quotations. Choice
and Standard Navels and Seedlings are moving
well under a steady local demand.' Tangerines
meet with steady sale at sustained prices.- There
is nothing new in Lemons or Limes and Grape
Fruit is selling slowly. Three cars; of Novels
are announced t'tjr to-day's autlon. "•
Dcciduous and Citnis Fruits,
-« RYE— Quoted tat ',S5@t>0Cj. per s'ctl. .-:-. Holders
in y. tbe , country,, like - those "of wheat 'i and J bar-
": CORN— There . was heavy selling . at , Chicago
by • Cudahy, ".but 7 the " market ; advanced • from
61%c;to 62%c = all the : same. '¦< ;. ,
¦¦'-',,Thie j' market' stood .• as - before, offerings . be
lng; neglected. .:.'.¦;¦-. .'¦'¦ -A • . '. :' •
¦--i Large '-'• yellow, :; $1 . 37Vi@l 45; . small v round
do, >• $1 ' 50: -! white; 1 : $1- 30i&l , 40 : per ; ctl> ¦¦¦¦¦¦ '¦'.. t . ¦
r Grays. i $1 22%@l'3O; ¦ whites. -;$125@1'42%;
Surprise. '¦ $l,40@l' 45;^ black,'. $1,12%®1 22%
for feed ii and::' $1.22%@1 32%, for seed.-^red,
$t27%@l 37%-' peri. ctl ; for , feed -- and 1 . $135®
1? 42%. for-, seed.. - 1i, . " ' ,,
I : OATS — Prices show; no change, 'but ¦the; rise
In .. wheat ? and .; barley adds' increased strength
to' the situation. "V Holders are very firm. -..¦¦¦¦¦
' Informal" Session—^OilD o'clock — No sales. -
; Second Session— 6000 ctls, UOVic; 2000, 90%c;
2000.90c. 'December— 4000., SUic. .¦ . '. ,
' - Regular,:. Morning •; Session— December— 2000
ctls,- 8i%c. ..;>./•,•- ¦¦¦;.;(. .
'- Afternoon' ; Session — May — 2C00' ctls, • 89%c;
2000. 89% c;l< December — 2000, 81% c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
- -Feed,, 05c for; choice bright,' 92%@03%c for.
No.-. 1- and UOc for; off .grades;, brewing and
shipping grades, 97 VaC@$l; Chevalier, 9Dc@$l -0
per-cental." ¦•' ¦- -v •>. ¦. '= •¦¦:'.'• * 'f\ ; ' . r ". '
:' BARLEY — The market 1s. very stiff and quo
tations .have ' again advanced, • both on and off
call. . The rise is due to the active demand 1.1
the interior for shipment to various , points al
ready ..mentioned, and to the -.lack - of :, rain^ in
some of the Important Barley ' districts. . Coun
try holders . are i not meeting , buyers as a rule,
and many of them refuse to'eell at all. .,
-May— 24,000 ctls, $1 10%
Afternoon SeBslon—
;.'.. In 'this, market futures advanced several
cents, but fell back somewhat, as will be seen.
Shipping- wheat- was also higher,'^ but' t the
country holders are . generally refuging to . let
go. The feeling Is ¦ very • firm. ¦ '
Spot Wheat — Shipping, fl.08%; milling, $110
@?1 12%..p«r ell. . ¦) ¦?¦ ¦¦¦¦;. -¦:... ' .
". .;. CALL: BOARD,: SALES..'
. Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— May — 10,000
ctls..$l 11%: 28,000. $1 11: • •
Second ¦ Session — May—^2000 ; , ctls, .. $1 10%.
December — 2000, .$1.11%. ,.;• . , - ,
- I Regular Morning ' I Session — May— 4000 ctlsr
$1 10%. , , December— 400(1., $1 11." ,
, .' Chicago ; was ¦ firm and slightly higher under
the better ; foreign advices and ; reported dam
age .to the' crop in the Southwest. :'' Kansas
City, wired,, that advices from all 'over Okla
homa reported a damage of 75 . per ' cent,' and
in Kansas from 10 to 20 per- cent, and that
the ' largest . exporters . have ¦ bid ¦; stiff prices in
the : country, daily, and : have not. had an r ac
ceptance of a single bushel thus far this month.
St.- Louis reported very heavy, buying, and the
other domestic markets were higher. . New
York reported the export demand much Jim
proved, and that baa not ¦¦ prices ./ advanced
there would have been a good export business
during .the, day. 'The lack of- offerings r/as
another eiement of strength at Chicago, . though
predicted rain or snow: caused a' slightly easier
feeling, at one time. The seaboara advices
were less bearish than for a long time. The
scalpers were all buyers. ¦ , '
WHEAT— The foreign, markets were firm
and Liverpool futures were higher. Broom
hall cabled a good export business at Antwerp,
and other: English advices reported a Conti
nental demand . for cargoes. *
Wheat and Other Grains.
v> Exchange and 'Bullion. > •"
Sterling Exchange. 60 days.. ... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchanza. sight . — 4 8S
Sterling Cables ... .....:... '¦',: 4 59
New York Exchanee, sight.;'... — ¦ ' 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic , — • 15
Silver, per ounce- — 55 1»
Mexican Dollars, -nominal. ..... 45 @ ¦ 45%
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature
f»5; minimum, 44; mean. 50.
'The following maximum and minimum <tem
pcratures were reported from Eastern station* t
Boston 2<>-20 .Washington 36-18
Cincinnati 30-J4bmaha 28-22
Philadelphia 32-2* Duluth 28-16
New York 30-20 .Chicago 20-20
Kansas City 2S-20jSt. Louis 34-18
Jacksonville M-42'Salt Lake City. ..50-30
Evaporated apples are In fair < request for
export and prices are held firmly, sales having
been made on better grades above I quotations.'
Common to good, 7@8%c; prime, 9%c; choice,
9%@10c; fancy. lO^igllc. Although ¦ without
special features at the moment California' dried
fruits remain generally firm ' In tone, prunes
having a fair , Jobbing movement. Prunes
S^igCc. Apricots— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark,
»%@12%c. Peaches— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled,
7Vi@9J4c. . . ,,.: v . '
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Feb; 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,400 barrels; exports, 7600 barrels; still very
firm at old orices.
WHEAT — Receipts.. 7600 bushels; exports,
192, K0O; spot, firm; No. . 2 red, S3%c f. o. b.
afloat and 90%c elevator; No.- 1 Northern Du
luth, Stfy*c f. o. -b. afloat; No. 1-hard Man
itoba; 89%c f. o. b. afloat. Except for a brief
reaetlon after the opening wheat was firm and
higher all day on light offerings, a fair de
mand from shorts, higher ' cables, light re
ceipts and export rumors.; Pit sentiment was
considerably more bullish" than usual on the
idea that the country was short of wheat.
Closed firm, %e higher. March closed . at
8454c; May, 83%©84i/ 3 c. closed at" 84^ c; July,
83!ft«iS4%c: closed at 81%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDKS— Firm.
WOOL — Firm. '. -"-..''.': .: ' ¦/ \f
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; - No. . 7 Invoice
5%c; mild, quiet;. Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
closed net unchanged to 5 points lower;' total
sales. 21,500, including March, $5 40@5 45;
July, $5 80; August, $5 90: September. $5 \)b<3>
0 054 December, $6 10*56 25. .
SUGAR — Raw. steady; fair refining. 3%o:
centrifugal. 96 test, 15%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, steady.- •¦ ¦- • -.¦ - • ;
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in .the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 sold 're
serve in the division of redemption, shows:
Available balance, $174,070,731; gold, $87,459,
9C6. .
Condition of the Treasury.
The following were the sales In the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
Mornlng Session.
SOO Belcher 071 3CO Ophlr ... »t
200 Justice 10 1000 Overman ..... 09
400 Mexican 35 1 500 Silver Hill .. 73
Afternoon Session.
. 100 Best & Belch 27 400 Ophlr ... SS
700 Bullion 02 100 Potosl ** n
100 Chollar 11 200 Sierra Nev.. i«
60O Justice 11 10O Standard 3 13
000 Mexican 32 100 Union Con .. 22
150 Ophlr 90 300 Yellow Jacket 16
The following were the sales In tho Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 07 2C0 Hale & Nor. 30
300 Best & Belcb 27 30O Mexican 35
400 Caledonia ... 23 200 Ophir 94
300 Challenge Con 18 100 Ophlr 90
200 C C & Va..l 35 300 Overman .... 09
200 C C & Va..l 32% 200 Sierra Nev.... 15
200 Crown Point. 07 200 Union Con .. 22
MINING STOCKS.
The situation remains unchanged.' Butter Is
still In moderate supply and well cleaned up,
and Cheese Is steady at the quotations which
have prevailed for some time, j Eggs are coming
in freely, but there is now a good and growing
demand for shipment to the north which keeps
stocks from accumulating. Several hundred
cases were shipped our from here yesterday,
and as the Lenten demand Is also good the mar
ket la In very fair shape for sellers.
. The Dairy Exchange has Incorporated, "and
beginning next Monday the daily session will
be called to order at 10:30 o'clock a. m.
¦ Receipts ' were 22,300 pounds,.— — tubs and
kegs of Butter, pounds of Eastern
Butter 1058 cases of Eggs, cases of East
ern Eggs, 15,400 pounds of. California Cheese.
pounds of Oregon Cheese and — ¦ — pounds
of Eastern Cheese. , . ¦¦¦" ' • ",
• BliTTER— Creamery, 2Sc per lb for fancy,
2"@27%c for firsts and 25@26c for seconds;
dairy, 17%@2uc; store Butter. 14® 17c per lb.
CHEES13 — New., ll%c; old, 10<311c;' Young
America, 12@13c: Eastern. 113® 15c per lb."
¦ EGGS — Ranch. 21c for selected large and 19®
20c for good to choice; store, ,19c per dozen..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAN'CISCO, Feb. 13, 1902— « p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfalls in the last twen
ty-four hours:
Oil sold ...... ......: $7,580 20
Sale of 3000 shares of stock.......; - 1,620 00
Other sources 1.256. ET
" -. - : Total .:..:.';. '. $10,436 17
•DISBURSEMENTS.
Buildings, • derricks, ' etc., and su- ';
»>erintendent's salary '........ $5,S63 £5
Casing, machinery end tools. . . . ..... 1.26-1 S>8
Management 1,02a l>o
Cash balance on hand .'.'.V. .......... ¦ 425 ;-,8
Other disbursements 1,873'16
Total $10,436 Z?
RESOURCES. :
a otal -acres^ mineral location. 960—
' NW Vi sec. 2-11-24, ownership $4S0.0OO 00
Developments on above holdings — ¦ .-. ¦
"• Buildings a*:d wello'Nos. 1 and 2. 22,249.70
Derricks, rigs, tanks, machinery. .
tov>l». casing, pipes, etc 12.064 19
Other developments .....:. i. 3,050 85
,'- LIABILITIES. .
Fundry account ¦ '¦. . C< .•._-.', $280 01
dbares of capital stock. 3'J". 232.
RECEIPTS
Th« feature of the stock market yesterday
morning,' and one which aroused the liveliest
interest on the street, was the issuance of a
circular to the stockholders of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company by the Cali
fornia Title . Insurance and Trust Company. In
which the latter corporation announced that It
has been appointed trustee for the purpose of
securing options on the stock of the Gas and
Electric Company.* In the language of the cir
cular, "The persona. whom the California Title
and Trust Company represents are prepared to
pay, as a' consideration for the option sought,
quarterly dividends at the rate of $2 per share
per year, and to pay for the stock. If the op
tions are called. $60 per share. In furtherance
of the above, we beg to inform you that the
sum of $50,000 has been deposited with the
Bank of California to provide for the first
quarterly payment of 50c 'per share, provided
that unless 66.000 shares shall be deposited
before April 1. 1902. the California" Title and
Trust Company shall have the right of with
drawing the money deposited. No control of
the stock deposited will be acquired by this
company or the persons for whom It is act
ing. . unless the purchase price be paid. Re
ceipts will be Issued by the Bank of California,
which will b*. negotiable."
Stockholders are requested to sign an ln
closed option and forward It to the Trust Com
pany and deposit their stock with the Bank
of California.
This circular caused a flurry in the stock,
which advanced to $50 and fell back to $43,
as agatnst $45 25 as the closing price of tho
preceding day. Nobody seemed to know what
was in the wind, and the brokers were agx>,r
over the matter.
Otherwise there was nothing new In the mar
ket, though a very fair business was done in
the other stocks. There was Increased trad-
Ing. In /the oil stocks, as will' be seen below.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was weak
er at $48@47, but Pacific Gas Improvement
sold up to $39 and Pacific Light to $45. Giant
Powder advanced to $70 and California Wine to
$100. There was a sale of Bank, of Calif emla
at $420.
. The following were ex -dividend on the 12th :
Alaska Packer:', $1. or $48,000; California
street Railroad. 50c. or $5000; Pacific* Auxil
iary Fire Alarm, quarterly of 6c, or $12SO.
The Four Oil Company will pay a dividend
of lc on the 15th.
The Monarch Oil Company's annual report
shows for 1901: ' ' .
NEW , YORK. . Feb. 13.— Close : Money on
call, steady at 2U@2<£ per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, 5@5% per cent. ' Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 87 for demand and $4 84%-for sixty
days. Posted rates, $4 85%@4 88. Commer
cial bills. $4 83%@4 84%. Bar silver,- 55%c.
Mexican dollars, 43%. . Government bonds,
steady; State bonds. Inactive; railroad : bonds,
inactive. .. ...
Nezv York Money Market.
LONDON. Feb. 13.— Consols. 04%: silver,
25 7-16d: French rentes, lOlf 27%c. Wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet/and steady: cargoes
No. I Standard California, 30s .6d; English
country markets, quiet.' ,,
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 13.— Wheat, steady: No.
1 Standard California. Os 3%d; wheat in Paris,
steady;, flour in Paris, qu'et; French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather, in Eng
land, frost/. , . ..
COTTON— Uplands, 4 ll-16d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Feb. 13. — WHEAT — Steady, un
changed. Blue stem, 65c; club, C4c. •
PORTLAND, Feb. 13. — WHEAT — Firmer.
Walla - -Walla. 65%<g«6c; valley. ,65%c; blue
stem, 66%@67c. .
- The' total wheat shipments from . this . port
for the week ending to-day ,- were 331,323
bushels. - , ,
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
Northern Business.
SPOKANE.: Feb. 13.— hearings, ',, $334,744;
balances, I $47,454. .-.-• ..
PORTLAND,- Feb.. 13.— Clearings, $363,240;
balances, §51,650. . ¦ ¦¦ '.
TACOMA, Feb. 13.— Clearings, $219,315; bal
ances, $31,588. ' ¦ ¦¦ '¦¦•*. .-
SEATTLE. Feb. 13.— Clearings. $652, 4S9; bal
ances, $102,519.
The Poultry market continues firm: and- all
kinds sell readily at the quotations, with the
exception of Old Roosters, which are plentiful
and dull. Receipts of Dressed Turkeys were
18 cs and the market cleaned up under a strong
demand for fancy stock.. .-• ¦¦ '¦¦ .
..There were no changes In Game. Forty-two
sacks came in. .. ¦.'-.':. ._'!k»i, ¦, , '•
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, - l<@20c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for . Gobblers i and 14@15c fbr
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1.50@l 75; Goslings.
$2®2 25; Ducks. $5®5 60 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens. $4 60@5 50; young Roosters, $5®
0: old Roosters. $4@4 60; Fryers, $4 50®5 50;
Broilers, $4 50«5 for large and $3@4 for small;
Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for old and $2 50@2 to
for Squabs. . ¦ • ¦ ' „ ¦ '
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 . for Brush; Gray
$3; White Geese. 75c@$l; Brant, $1 50®2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3®4 50; English Snipe. $3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50@2; Robins. $1 50 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Morning Session.
Board^ —
500 Aztec ico
1000 California-Standard 15
2000 Four vi
100 Junction 17
2OO Junction, s 90 ' 10
200 Junction ~...._ 1 " in
500 Monarch of Arizona -. T" 17 '
560 Occidental of West Virginia. ... 17
500 Oil City Petroleum 20
5000 Petroleum Center 01
10000 Reed Crude "* o
10O Reed Crude * 30
200 st §£SU • 112 *
1000 Reed Crude 33
>f'/- -i Afternoon Session
Board —
1500 Four k->
200 Junction ..".*..".*.** is'
400 Monarch of Arizona .*.*."." 17. "
100 Monarch of Arizona 19
B650 Petroleum Center «k
2000 Reed Crude * 3
500 Reed Crude •••--.. .
100 Sovereign •-¦•-
100 Yukon ...vV-I 15
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Flour, qr sks.. 23.9.15 Middlings, sks..' 820
Wheat, ctls .;. 5,6801 Onions, sks ... 307
Barley, ctls .... 5,784 Beans, sks .... 408
Oats, ctla 420|Pelts. bdls . 167
Corn, ctlsi • 810| Hides. No 20J»
Rye. ctls 730 j Sugar, ctls .... 920
Potatoes, ska... 1,7801 Brandy, gals .. ' 275
"Wool, sks ..... 144 Wine, gals 64.700
Straw, tona ... . 16 > Leather, rolls.. Ill-
Hay, tons . 030 Lime... bbls 1S2
Bran, sks .'.... 2,6631
FOR THURSDAT. FEBRUARY 13.
Receipts of. Produce.
NEW TORK. Feb. 13.— The cotton market
opened with j October i point lower and other
months' 3 to 5 j points higher and closed • firm,
with prices at about the top, an advance of
5#14 points on 'present crop months and 1<§2
points on next crop options. , ;
Nez'v York Cotton Market.
Far Eastern Issues continue strong on the
new English- Japanese treaty, but *he advance,
in consols was checked by talk that the Boer
war may necessitate fresh borrowing of funds.
Rio Tintos sold - at 45%. and copper at . 54%
the ton. American stocks were strong, closing
near tha top on New York buying, which wan
largely confined early to Southern . Pacific, but
finally turned to Denver" and Rio Grande and
Missouri, Kansas and Texas. -¦ \\.;< ¦
The general tone of the market was good
NEW TORK, Feb. 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram' says:
To-day's was a settlement record for years— so
large in feet' that much was left unfinished.
The bulk was Kaffirs, but that department was
finally flat, except for Chartered Company,
which was strong on rumors that Cecil Rhodes
was on his way to England with his pockets
full of schemes. • ¦ . *
London Market.
Mr. Sleeper ascribes the gain in clearines
during the past few years to the fcllowin*
causes: In l!»y;-'.>S. to marked increase in but.
r.ess; in 1893-1900. to the war In the Philippines,
and in 1&01 to the peneral prosperity and in
crease in the city and suburban population.
The certificates saved at least a four-fold
handling of an equal amount of gold coin, the
four-fold weight of v.-hich would be over 1650
tons avcirduaois."
Clearinp-house certificates — The Clearing
house resumed the use of United States Treas
ury gold certificates in the settlement of bal
ances on August 19, 1899, since which time to
December 31, 1901 (28 1-3 monthe) the bal
ances have been in amount $304,033,005 98, and
paid as follows: In gold coin <26% per cent)
5*1.19:;. nor. UK and in certificates <73% P«r
cent) $123,840,000.
Balances — The balances in 1901 were 11% per
cent of the clearings, and amounted to $138.
515.883 73, and were paid In United States gold
coin C6 C-10 per cent) $36,835,989 73, and
United States Treasury gold certificates (73 4-10
per cent* $l<il,t>8n,OC0. The average balance for
J'MM was $455.W4 70. and for 1900. $389,958 43.
an average daily increase of $65.6S6 27.
Business in general has been during the
year and there has been quite an increase in
city and suburban- population.
Tbe report of Charles Sleeper, manager of
the San Francisco Clearing-house, contains the
following:
Clearings — The clearings for the year 1901 were
$1.17S.Iti».S36 30. and for 1900, $1,029,582,
941 7S. a gain of (14 3-7 per cent) $148,586,
l)il £2.
MAKES A FINE SHOWING.
AN'XUAL REPORT OF THE MANAGER
San Francisco Clcaring-Housc.
ST. JOSEPH. Feb. 13. — CATTLE— Receipts,
1400. Steady. Natives. • $4@6 75; cows and
heifers, $2® 5 50 ; stockers and feeders, $2 75®
4 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 13,000. Steady. Light and
light mixed, ?5 60@6 30; medium and heavy,
$« 05<?i6 45; pigs. $3 35<g'4 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 500. Strong. Western
lambs, $5 70<§0 50; Western sheep, $4 25@6.
ST.- JOSEPH,
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 13. — CATTLE — Receipts.
15,000. • Active and 15c higher. Good to prime
steers,. $6 5Q@0 . 75; "poor to medium, $4@6 25;
stockers and feeders. $2 50@4 75; cows, $1 250
5 25; heifers. $2 25(ff5 2i>; canners,' $1 25@
2 25; bulls, $2 25@4 60; calves, $2@7 60; Texas
fed : steers. $4 25@5 75.
-HOGS — Receipts to-day,' 46,000; to-morrow,
40,000; left over, 10,000. Heavy, steady; mixed
and. butchers, $5 80@6 30; gcod to choice heavy.
$6 30(g6 45: rough heavy, $6@6 25; light, $5 75
@5 »0; bulk of sales, $5 85<g6 25.
• SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady to" strong; good to choice wethers, $4 75
<SJ5 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 85@4 50; West
ern sheep and yearlings, $4 25ig5 SO; native
lambs, $3 75@C 75; Western lambs, $5 25®
6 75. .. . • ¦ ¦ .
Eastern. Livestock Market. •
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35cj Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc.
COAL— Wellington, §9 , per ton: Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $0 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Coos Bay, $5 50: Wallsend. $8 50: Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
; Welsh Anthracite. $14; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 ib3
and $S 60 per ton, according to brand.
OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
76c; raw, 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 66c for
boiled nnd 64c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. Soc; cases, 80c;
China Nut, 57%SCSc per gallon; pure Neats
foot; in barrels, 70c; eases, 75c: Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil, natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon;. Fish Oil. In barrels. 37%c: cases. 42%c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c ror Ceylon and
58%c for Australian. • ¦ ¦
. COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl' Oil. In cases, 20c: Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
ca3ps. 21%c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c: In cases.
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; In
cases. :26%c. "
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases and
61c In drums and Iron barrels.. -
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c:
Powdered,' 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only);. 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c: D, 4.10c; barrels. 10c
more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 -barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos.
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
General Merchandise.
' LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— " ¦ March May.
Opening ..................;.. 6 1% 6 1%
Closing 6 1?i 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat — •;-f.- Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 21 45 22 50
Closing 21 45 22 55
Flour —
Opening 26 80 28 10
Closing 20 75 2S 15
"Fruits — Inquiries for California fruits arc
more numerous, and a fair amount of business
Is being done at improving prices. A good
Epring demand is expected."
"In Liverpool the inquiry still continues good.
Alaska has advanced 3d to Cd per case, and
choice qualities are in very Fhort supply and
If. big demand. Half-paund salmon is especially
firm.
"Salmon — The cood consumtive demand for
both Alaska' ar.d Fraser River salmon has con
siderably depleted stocks on the ppot, and conse
quently pr-iees for both descriptions have been
firrat r during the week. With arrivals of the
1U01 pack BtUI a long way ahead, the position
of the niatket apjiears to be a strong one. but
<<ii the <nlier hand any big advance would speed
ily result in supines being brought to this
ccontry overland. While the Alaska and Brtt
iFti Columbia associations ha*.*«» apparently re
solved r.ot to overload this country, it is quite
apparent that it would be to their disadvantage
to al!"W prices to be forced up to such a level
that the consumption would be checked.
The London Grocers' Gazette of January 25
eays cf canned coeds:
Exports of specie from this port in January
rere $483,303, aginst SC03.34S in January, 1901,
*he leadinp; descrirtiors being as follows: Silver
bullion. $466,100: Mexican dollars. $11,484. Of
tJw-e shipments Hongkong took the lion's share,
f*79,929.
Fruits and Salmon in England.
Exports of Specie.
U S refunding 2s. Hocking Val 4%e.lO9
¦ registered .-..108Vi L & Nash uni 4s. 101%
do coup 108 M Mex Central 4s.. . 82 *,
', do S» reg ;..•.-. -.106 VJ J do let inc 5.. ::.-.. 31%
ToUl sales ... .882.400
CLOSING BONDS
_ t " XEV V TORK STOCK LIST. 4 : Vi"£r
aS: aa-^fe ftS sS
S|. 10 |g
Boltimore & O pfd lOO 9(i£ W% ¦ wg
Canadian Pacific .. l.iuo 115% 115 115*
Canada Southern .. 200 6«£ 87 u. «?i-
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,200 46% 46% 46%
Chicago. Ind & L.. 2,300 54"" R-iii fa ¦
Chicago I & L pfd. '«00 77% 77% 77U
Chicago &NW.... 600 219 "i* -.fn^
Chi K I & Pacific 2,300 166 164 163%
Ch cago Term & T. 500 16% l»y. wtt
Chicago T & T pfd. 200 32% 3-> $
C C C & St L P . . . COO • loSS 102 101%
Colorado Southern. 63,500 19 i«% ig^
Colo So 1st pfd.. 6,00(1 67% 6«U 66%
Colo So 2d pfd.... 12,20* 34 33 «»?
Delaware & Hudson 700 173 172 171 S
Del Lack & West. . 4O0 284% ' 2S2 281*
Denver & R Grande 1,700 45% 44H ill'.
D & R G pfd.... 3.600 94?. mil ttk
Erie .V 14,200 40% wit 'iffi
Erte 1st pfd 'soo 70# Sfe fe
Erie 2d pfd 900 57% 56% 5«%
Great Northern pfd 1,100 189% 189 188%
Homing .r°° !?«i ™* £%
Illinois Central .... 3,000 143* lii" 141
Iowa Central 12,100 49% 48% 4R%
assfn 1^ 4>iw 82 8o^
s x e i^ a p s f h d : JSlSs ™* bil
Manhattan L .... 29.800 13S% i.ior l.Hli?
Metropolitan St Ry. 12,700 17134 160% noa-
Mexican Central .. 2,300 29 2H\ 2S-v!
Mexican National.. 1.500 16% ley* w&
M nr.eapolis & St L 800 111 • 110% nou
Missouri Pacific .. 16,300 104% 103»i 104
Missouri Kan & T. S 000 2s5 24% "tv
New Jersey Central l.OftO 191 104 im
New York Central 1.800 165% 164% 164«
Isorfolk & Western 6.500 ' 5S% .17 \L 57%
Norfolk & West pfd ..... $>£
Ontario & Western 3.300 34 \, -34" -41?
Pennsylvania 14.500 • 151 % ir.0% 150%
Reading 30,900, 59% .18 58U
Si^Sffitfe: 1 - wo 62 II
St L & S F 2d pfd. '700 74% 7-1% 73S
II ¦}*"}*£ W 1 - m> 27^ 2 "H 20%
St Louis S W pfd. 7.000 6OV4 58% m«
It SS P fd-:::::: ™ AW 167Vi Jff%
Southern Pacific .. 52.800 67% firtii ' pAix
Southern Railway. . 28 500 34 .ris? ' •»£!
Southern Ry pfd.. 12,000 9fii4 95U 05%
Texas & Pacific .. 26.100 42% 40% v&
Toledo St L & W. . SOO 22 21% 21%
Toledo S L & W pfd 4,500 43U 41% 4i2
Union Pacific .... 38.200 - 104U 103% 103%
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.200 sn% 89U snu
Wabash 10.300 24U 2-1V4 11\L
Wabash pfd ...... ]2»00 44% 43% 4^
Wheel & Lake Erie 1,700 in% jjjv?
Wheel & L E 2d pf 700 30% 30% 30V4
Wisconsin Central. 1,500 21 • «>0% «>nv
Wis Central pfd... 1,500*41% 40% 40%
Express companies— n A
Adams „„_
American 200 237 237" 2TM
cmtoisute. 100 nn% nji % tij
M 8 " F , arKO 300 £02^ 202% 200
Miscellaneous— "
Amalg Copper 33,000 71% finu . raj
Am Car & Foundry .VH) 2»% 29% 20
IS £&5/SS!.ff ..!°° 8S% ¦«* :««
Am Linseed Oil pfd ¦ " " " io
Am Smelt & Refln. 1.5O0 48% 47" 47
Am Smelt & R pfd. 400 # !)S% 97% no
Anaconda. Mln Co. i.MO 33% 307! « v
Brooklyn Rap Tran 5,500 ret 01^ Bifi!
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,400 87% S« cni?
Consolidated Gaa.. 9,700 22394 ft**'?
Continental Tob pf « *'.'*¦ ffj: ¦
General Klectric .. 800 21)3 ' 202V ionv
Glucose Sugar 1.7OO 47V. "i',V. iiv
Hocking Coal 700 18%' J 7 2 .\~"
International Pap.. 200 20 in« iov
International P pfd '200 75«4 75 * . r$
International Pow * ¦ ' ka*
LacledeGas r. " "•' 2?,,
SSSSS S3 11 ?::: 700 "* M
National Salt .]'.'. "¦'-' ij.*>
National Salt pfd.. 300 66 ei" (U
North American 0 <>
Pacific Coast ..... . •••• vi
Pacific Mall 1,000 4rt" 45" ak
People's Gas 3.3O0 101T6 lot 10114
Pressed Pteel Car. . 100 39% 3™ Ti.v
Prised SCar pfd. 200 83% -83$ s^U
Pullman Pal Car. 200 222>2 '^ •Si
Republic Steel 600 16% ~w V . ji v
Republic Steel pfd. WHT 'rotf. 69 c»xL
Sugar 21.800 128 > 12R% viP
Tenn Coal & Iroft.. 12.400 67% 05 nk
Union Bag & P Co ..... ¦ V'4
Union Bag & P pfd 300 76 V. ik\l -1.
U S Leather 1.000 imjl u«i iV,,
UsR Ruber pfd 100 51%' ki'&i ifi<
U 8 Steel 27.400 44% 44% fill
V S Steel pfd.-.:.. 25,200 05 04 w * <uv
Western Union ; 200 . ni« m .. <S V *
Am Locomotive .. 1,100 32 ¦31V '•MR'
Am Locomotive pf. 1,000 03 92% 02%
where considerable advances had occurred. The
buying and bidding up of other stocks to make
fresh points of strength to cover the realizing
was In evidence, but rather less effective and
was less persistently maintained, the earlier
gams being largely wiped out In the lace re.ir
tion. Th'_ local tractions were under decided
pre«mte, and notwithstanding the support ac
corded to them they exercised a depressing in
fluence on the rest of the market. The same
was true of Amalgamated Copper, which
sagged away under constant offerings without
much evidence of support, closing with a net
Ioes of 2%. There was no news to account for
the weakness. The depression of the local
tractions was, of course, due to the proposi
tion of the Brooklyn -Rapid Transit directors
to issue bonds to the extent of $150,000,000. The
argument that this abundant capital would
check the diversion of current earnings into the
betterments and extensions and would thus
hasten the period of dividend disbursements
apparently failed to reassure speculative senti
ment, and the open buying of the Etocks by
inside interests .was equally unavailing. The
news of the proposed bond issue also upset the
calculations of a coming merger of all the
Greater New York transit facilities, which has
been an Instrument in the hands of the specu
lators for some time past. The failure of the
Metroiwlitan Street Railway's new financial
plan, wheih was expected to-day, added to the
feeling of doubt and distrust, although that
stock itself was best supported of the group.
There was no apparent cause for the reaction
in prices in the news of the day, outside of
this beyond the natural disposition to sell at
a profit what had been bought at lower prices.
Reports of renewed rate-cutting among the Far
western railroads may have emphasized the
desire to sell their stocks. The reports received
of gross earnings for the first week in February
also showed a prevalent tendency to decreases
compared with last year. This was notably
true of the Southwestern railroads, but there
was marked strength in that group led by
Texas and Pacific, with a rise of 2% on inti
mation of very large earnings. There were
unusually large dealings in the Colorado and
Southern stocks, which were supposed to be
due to expectation of increased dividend dis
bureements, but the common rose an extreme
2% over Tuesday's level late in the day after
the announcement had been made of the decla
»nnnni°^°i n i y i he "^tar 1% per cent semi
annual dividend on the first preferred stock.
coS^f"" 1^ eaE} ' and dld nOt enter lnt °
n^J? f • London had apparently been re
thpr »vLET !8S , Ure f 1 r gold from Parls - an<i fur
ther exports from here are not in immediate
rf^r , Ti ti Et<?e1 ' stocks some early
£Tr?^ S ? £. . e J ery favorab 'e conditions re-
KS I^V"^' but rela P sed with the rest
C '° Sed *'
r -'ft ?*& BaIe8 - P&r value - $5,810,000.
the "as\ call" 68 Were aU unchan *ed on
On the Produce Exchange to-day the buttei
market : was firm; creamery, 18@28c,- dairy
lb@22c. Cheese,, firm,- 10@12c. Eggs, firm
'resh, 28@29c. * > ..'
Street—
5 Bank of California 420 00
50 Market Street Railway 90 00
100 Pacific Lighting 45 <xi
5 Market Street Railway 8i> 75
05 Market Street Railway 90 00
5 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 25 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 30
200 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
$10»X> S P Cal 1st Con 5s (stamped). . .111 00
$1000 S P of C Us (1012) 122 00
$6000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 121 25
$1000 Oceanic Steamship Eonds 10150
' Street — %
$6000 S P of Arizona (1310) 113 78
'-:'.';.;• Afternoon Session.
Board —
110 California Wine Association 100 00
10 Giant / Powder Con 78 87'/4
30 Giant Powder Con..-. 7» 00
ISO Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 38 00
* 100 Honokaa Sugar Co 12 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 37 0O
150 Pacific Gas Improvement 39 0t>
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 25
160 S F Gas & Elsctric Co 47 OO
100 Vigorlt 400
$6000 S P of C 63 (1912) 122 00
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Alaska Packers' Association 164 75
210 California Wine Association 90 50
100 Equitable Gas 4 0f>
Cent L & P. 2% — iPac Light... 42% —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 4'i i Sac E G&RC 20 —
Mutual — 4%iSFG&E..47 47%
O G L & H. 52 — I San Fran 5% 6
Pac G Imp. 39 39% 1 Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE/
Flrem'a Fnd. — 275 1
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..80 — LP& A 165 —
California ..420 — Mer Ex (liq)) 13% —
Cal Safe Dp.117 — S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl.. 325 350
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....1950 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.3C5 330
Mutual Sav. 65 80 Union Trust. — 22CO
S F Sav U. .512% —
STREET RAIROAD3.
California .. — 172% 1 Market 89% 90
Geary — 60 | Presidio 35 45
,-¦;.?, POWDER.
Giant ." 78% 7S> jVisorlt 3% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 5 B Kilauea 9% 10
/Hawaiian .. 37% 40 Makaweli .. 26% 27%
Honokaa ...11% 12% Onomea 23 21%
Hutchlnson .14% — Paauhau ... 12 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 164% 164% Pac A F A. — 3*3
Cal Fruit As. 97% 99 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As 99%100 Par Paint ..16 —
Oceanic S Co 315% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Conditions in the Potato market show little
change. Fancy offerings are scarce and firmly
held, but frosted and otherwise poor stock is
dragging.- The Oregon steamer is due to-day
with fresh supplies. Two j cars of Sweet Po
tatoes came In. from Merced and sold at a
slight advance. •
The Onion market continues easy, and Ore
gons are quoted lower. . Two cars came in
from that State and larger receipts are ex
pected. Nevada Onions meet with slow sale
at the quotation. . •• ¦' :
The first box of Asparagus of natural growth
appeared on the market yesterday from Bouldin
Island. The box contained- 12 lbs, and as the
grass was fancy and in good order it sold
readily at 50c per lb. Offerings of Los An
geles "Vegetables were limited,, as usual, and
sold at about the same prices. : Only 1 box
of: Rhubarb came In.' Mushrooms ' were plenti
ful and .sold at previous prices.
POTATOES— $1 10<Sl 35 for- Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Valley Burbanks, I *1 50®
1 85; Oregon Burbanks. $l-25@l 65; Oregon
Garnet Chiles, $1 40@l 65; River Reds, $1 50©
1 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 75; small
Burbanks, for seed, $1 25@1 43; Sweets, $1 4<>
@1 50 for Merced. t •
ONIONS — Oregons.l ?2 25(?2 50. first hands;
Australian, $3; Nevada, $2 65; Green Onions,
50@05c per box. ¦ ¦ -. •:¦.¦• -¦¦_,:
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 10c per lb; Greet.
Peas from -Los Angeles. 5(f8c; String Beans
from Los Angeles, 10@20c, Including Wax;
Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl: Los Angeles Toma
toes $2 per box and $2 50@3 per crate:
Mexican Tomatoes. ?2®3 per box; I Dried Pep
pers 12%@l5c per lb; Lob Angeles do, 15®
17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@15c per lb; Carrots,
35fi 50c per . sack ; Hothouse ' Cucumbers, $1®
1 ">5 per dozen for large and 50@75c for small ;
Garlic, lU@2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers,
25c; Mexican do. 20@25c; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, 25c; 'Summer Squash from
Los Angeles. $2; Marrowfat Squash, $S@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash. $8@10; Mushrooms,
40c@ $1 50 per box. . :;
Potatoes) Onions and Vegetables.
Quotations for Beans show considerable
change, and are! almost all in the direction of
higher prices. The demand is not active, but
spot stocks are light and holders insist on full
figures for good stock. •;¦, . •_¦ ¦"
BEANS— Bayos. $2.35@2 60; Small White,
$2 90<53 20; Large White, $2 75@3; Pea. $3 50
@4; Pink. $1 90@2 20; Red. $2 75@3: Black
eye, $3 60<g3 75; Llmas, $4 45@4 65; Red Kid
neys. $3 85@4 per ctl. . - . ¦ .
• SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, .$2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax.^ $2 40@2 75; Ca
nary, 3 1 / 4a3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8%c; Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Nlles. $125@165; Green.
$1 25@1 50 per ctl.
Beans and- Seeds.
Wholesale . rates . from slaughterers . to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 6®7c per lb
for Cows.
• VEAL — Large, 8@9c; small. 8@l0c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, S@S%c: Ewes. 7%©8c
per lb. ¦ ' . .
LAMB— Yearlings, n®9%c per lb; Spring
Lamb. ll(pl2V>c per lb. •
PORK — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 60
6%c; 200 lbs and over. 5%@5%c; feeders. 5%c;
sows, 20 per cent off; boars. 30 per cent off,
and stags. 40 per 'cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hcgs. 7%@0c.
¦ Previous prices ruled for all desef Iptlons and
the market Is devoid of noteworthy feature.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Cash . quotations were as follows: .Flour,
dull and steady; No. : 3 spring wheat, 73%c:
No. 2:re3, 85®80%c; No 2 corn, 61%c; No. 2
oats. 43%@44c; No. 2 white, 45%c; No. 3
white. 44@46c;.No. 2 rye 61c; fair to choice
malting barley," OOSC-lc: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 68:
No; 1 Northwestern, $1 71%; prime timothy
seed,: $6 60; mess pork, per barrel, $15 Ca@
15 <0; lai-d, per 100 pounds. $9 30^9 32%: short
rib sides (loose). $8 r>0; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $7@7 25; short . clear sides (boxed),
$8 <5@8 85; clover, - contract grade, $9 25.
Articles— ; ¦ , • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...; ' '84 000 ; 50,000
Wheat, bushels .......... .184,000 99,000
Corn, bushels 97,000 (V5.0C0
Oats, bushels 253,000 , 109, COO
Rye, bushels 2,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 108,000 45,000
There Is no change in Hay, though the feel
ing ' is very unsettled, In sympathy with the
weather. The general ; tone of • the market . fs
weak All Feedstuff s ' remain ; as before." ¦
BRAN— ?18 50@19 per ton.-* - r% y; . .,
MIDDLINGS— $19 50<g 21 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $l?@20 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; jobbing,
$28 50®29; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31@32~; Cracked < Corn, $31 50@32 50: Mixed
Feed S1701S 50; Cottonseed Meal, $2« 50. v •
HAY— Wheat. $10@13 50; fancy, $14-, Wheat
and Oat. $10@13 50; Oat, $9@11 50; Alfalfa,
$S@10; Clover, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@9;
Stock. $6<g8 50 per ton. ' ,
STRAW — 40@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Provisions neglected here and easy at Chicago.
AH Meat quotations as before.
Potatoes firm. Onions continue to decline. t x
Asparagus now coming in.
Pailtry firm and dressed Turkeys higher.
Fine Oranges continue to advance. Bananas scarce.
Apples advancing. Small lots of Strazvberrics coming in.
Proposed gas stock pool excites the street.^
Annual report of Clearing-house issued.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley both higher and very firm:
Oats, Corn and Rye firmly held, but inactive.
u Hay and Fecdstuifs unchanged.
Beans quiet, but quoted somewhat higher.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Dried Fruits as previously quoted.
Minn & St L 4s:. 104%
Mo Kan & Tex 4s 99
do 2ds .....:.;. 82
N' Y Cent lsts.:;. 103%
do gen «{%s. ...1C8
N J Cent gen 5s.: 137%
North Pac 4s:....lC5%
- do 3s ... .-.....:. 74%
Norf & W con 4s. 10:;
Reading gen 4s... 99%
St L & I M c 5s. 117%
St L & S F 4s.... 98%
St L.SW lsts.... 9S%
do 2ds ...... 79%
S A & Ar Pass 4s. 01%
South Pac 4s.... .94%
South Ry 5s..... 120%
Tex & Pac lsts... 120%
Tol St L & W 4s. 8tt
Union Pnc 4s....lOti
do conv 4s ... . .10<i%
Wabash lsts ....llOv
do 2<Js ;..112
do deb B .. 71%
West Shore 4s.... 112%
Wheel & L E 4s.. 93 Vi
Wis Cent 4s ..... 8S%
Con Tobacco 4a ... 65
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. .
Adams Con . . 20 Little Chief ..... 11
Alice .". 45 Ontario .-. 6 00
Breece 05 Ophir ........... 85
Brunswick Con... Ob Phoenix ......'... 04
Comstock Tunnel .. 53 Potosi ......;.... 08
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Savage 08
Dead wood Terra.. ¦ 50 Sierra Nevada.... 12
Horn Silver 1-25 Small Hopes .... -35
Iron Silver 64 Standard 3 10
Leadville Con ... 05 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — United Fruit S7U
Call loans ...3@l Westingh Commn. 8$\$
TJme loans 3%@t^ Mining— •
Bonds — . Adventure 10
Atchison 102 Allouez 3V4
Gas lsts 84 Amalgamated ... (J0%
Mex cent 4s . S- Baltic 39 ".•
N E Gas & Coke. CO Bingham . 22
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.630
Atchison ........ 77Vi Centennial ... 12
do prefd 98^, Copper Range ... 5SVi
Boston & Albany. 202 Do m Coal ....... 71
Boston & Maine. :i\)2Y* Franklin 14
Boston Elevated.. 162 Isle Royale ...... 19*i
N Y N H & H...2UHi Mohawk ......... 32
Fitchburg prefd.. 145 Ofd Dominion ... 22
Union Pacific ...103 Osceola ..;.....„ 78
Mex Central ..... 28</i Parrot 31 !
Miscellaneous — Quincy 143
Am Sugar .120 <4 Santa Fe Copper.. 3%
do prefd ..118 Tamarack ....245
Am Tel & Tel 150 Trimountain ..... 75 ; ,3
Dom Iron & Steel. 30% Trinity .......... 13%
Gen Electric ....291 United States ... 17» 4
Mass Electric ... 36}i Utah 23%
do prefd 95 Victoria 5
N EG & Coke... 5 Winona "1%
V S Steel 44% Wolverine ..49V,
do prefd 94^4 ' • '
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money... 94% Mo Kan & Tex.. 25^4
Do account . 94% Do prefd' 54
Anaconda 6^ N. Y Central .... 169*4
Atchison SO'/i Nor & West .... 89%
Do prefd 101 Do prefd 92»,i
Balto & Ohio lOti Ontario & West.. 35*4
Canadian Pac ...HS%So Ry 35
Ches & Ohio..... 48V4 Do prefd 98Vt
Chicago G \V 23% 6o Pac ...... 6S&
Chi Mil & St P..171U Union Pac ...... 106^s
Denver & Rio G.. 45% Do prefd 92Va
Do prefd 95% U S Steel 46
Erie 41 % Do prefd 97^4
r» 1st prefd . . 72 Wabash 24
Do 2d prefd ..58 Do prefd ...... 45
Illinois Cent ....140 Spanish 4s ...... 78
L & N 108%
Bar silver. ' steady. 23 7-lCd per ounce.
Money; 2%@3 per cent. .
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 »i per cent. • •
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% ®2% per cent.
do coup - '. . 10s 14
do new 4s reg. .13uifc
do coup 1S9%
do old 4s reg... 112
do coup .......112
do 5s reg . .100
. do coup .100
Atehison gen 4s.. 10*
do adj 4s ¦. .. 035/
Bait & Ohio 4s... 101
do 3VI-S ........' 90
do conv 4s 107%
Can South 2ds. .-. .110%
Cent of Ga 5s 111
do 1st inc 7!JVi
Ches &Ohio 4Us.lOJ%
Clii & Alton .5%s. 5)4^.
C B & Q new 4s.. 9(itf
C M & Bt P s 4s. 114 '
C & NW con 7s.-.l%7i
C R I & Pac 4s. .111
C C C & StL g 4s.K>.;>i
Chi Term 4s...... 8<>><i
Colo & South 4s.. :>:{
Den & R G 4s I02M
Erie prior lien is. USV,
do gen 4s ' S8%
Ft W & D C lsts. 110
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
, HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; { light, .9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for .heavy, and. 8 Vic for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 0%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 14c; Dry Calf, 18c: ~ Culls and
Brands, I5c: . Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c
each • short Wool. 40@60c each ; medium. «5@
75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 75@2 for email and 50c for Colts ; Hor^e Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large, $1 2D@l 50 for medium.
$1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime .Angoras, 75c; large and
sinooth.^ 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2,' 4%@uc; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquin. 6@Sc: San loi
quln Lambs'. 7%@8V>c; Middle County. 8<5>10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring. 15@15%c; do
fall. 14® 15c per lb.
HOPS— 10@llc for fair and ll%@12c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 10ft
15c for shipment. - .
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
¦Articles— >, Open." High. Low. Close.
; ' Wheat: No. 2— . ;
February ..." r -,¦¦'- ; • .... 76%
May;. . . . . ; . .- j : 7SU . \ 78% 77% " ' £8%
July::...;- | .78% 79 ' 78% 79
Corn No. 2— ,: • •
May;..-.:.;.., ¦ 62 . 62% 61% 62%
J"!y ••• .:ei%- :c2y 4 oi% 62%
September .. 60Ti • 6IV4 60% 61
Oats No. 2—
May . .>,. .... ,'43 43^ ' 42% 43V.
July ..'....." 37 37% 30% 37%
September .." 31% . 3->y s . 31% 32%
-, Me ss ; Pork., jier barrel— . . ¦ • ' A 7
May... ......15 95 15 95 15 87% 15 90 /
July .........16 00 : 16 00 15 9T% 16 00 '
_ Lard, per 100 pounds— ' " _,,
May... 9 47% J> 47% ' 0 45 »4<%
July..; 9 60' %9 62'/. '9 55 9 57%
Ribs, per 100 pound's —
May 8 5r> % 57% . g 52% 8 52%
.luly ..::.-... 8 t!5 ' 865-862% .862%
September ..8 75 8 75 8.70 8 70
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount 'to ,• the trade: .Graham
Flour* $3 per 100 lbs ; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal/$2 50; Rice Flour,. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. 1 $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat $3 50; Farina, I $4 50; -Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats' (barrels), $6 85@
8 35; 'In. sacks; $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. :
. FLOUR-^-Californla Family, Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms ;, Bakers" Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, A $2 75@3 per' barrel for • family and $3©
3 35 fo/ Bakers'; Washington Bakers, $3@3 35.
Flour and Millstuffs.
ley, are very Indifferent about selling. - and are
asking < full figures. ¦ ; . - • ,' <-****BHI
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted ' at $1 65 per ctL '
to per barrel; extra Mes». $10 50@ll :- Family,
511 60@12; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$23 CO® 23; Mess. $18 50@19; Smoked Best.
13%@14c per lb. .
• . LARD— Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for coin
pound and 10%@llc for" pure; half barrels,
pure, ll'/ic; 10-lb tins.ll%c: 5-lb tins. ll%c;
3-lb tins. 12c. • , „
¦ COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. : 10'gc; threa
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
3%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; FEBRUAUY 14, 1902.
part. May closed %c higher at 62%@62%c.
-The oats market was a reflex of corn. May
closed, Vie;. up?at 43%c. .= '-¦
• Provisions < were quiet, j Prices opened lower
on hog receipts,, but held steady within a nar
row range i on /country, buying. The. close was
5c down. for. May pork" lard and ribs."
¦The leading futures ranged as follow ;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
6TATIONS.
a
a
3
3
f
2 2 0 » •o
: 3 : 3 : a w- £
: : : ? ?
: • : t :
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Id.
Independence
L«os Angeles. .
Phoenix
Portland
Bed Bluff
Roseburg
Sacramento .
Salt Lake....
Kan Francisco
S. L. Obispo.
San Diegro
Seattle
Spokane
!STeahf Bay
Walla Walla.
Wtnneraucca
Yuma
.29.92
..30.14
.30.06
. -29.SS
. .:to.oe
.20.96
.30.24
.30.01
..30.10
.29.98
..29.98
.:;o.04
. .2!».»0
. .3O.<>«
..30.22
3.30.08
..30.11
..30.10
. .29. 9S
..30.18
.29.92
..30.10
.30.12
..29.9«
50 38 E Cloudy . .06
42 26 SE Cloudy .00
44 22 E . Cloudy .00
58 40 S Cloudy • .<K)
€0 ."W E Pt.Cldy .00
48 2<5 W Pt.Cldy .00
38vj30 S Cloudy .00
T,H 34 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Cl 48 RW Pt.Cldy .00
74 44 W Clear .00
50 38 E Cloudy .00
52 40 .NE Cloudy .00
45 32 NE Cloudy .00
54 42 SE Cloudy .00
40 30 KW Clear T.
54 44 SW Cloudy .00
60 4C S Cloudy, .00
«2 62 XW Clear .00
50* 40 N Pt.Cldy T.
42 32 E Cloudy .10
46 40 E Clear .00
00 38 SW Cloudy .12
44 18 S Cloudy .00
78 44 N Clear .00
Stations —
Eureka
Red Bluff ....
Sacramento . -
San Francisco.
Fresno
Independence .
Ran Luis Obisp
Los Angeleg • -
Sar. Diego . . .
Last
24. hours.
This
Season.
ie!64
9.09
l'.3»
6.38
4.21
2.46
Last
Season
32.53
18.73
13.80
14. (52
9.31
5.47
26.33
13.59
8.55
6TATIONS.
a
a
3
3
f
2 2 0 » •o
: 3 : 3 : a w- £
: : : ? ?
: • : t :
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Id.
Independence
L«os Angeles. .
Phoenix
Portland
Bed Bluff
Roseburg
Sacramento .
Salt Lake....
Kan Francisco
S. L. Obispo.
San Diegro
Seattle
Spokane
!STeahf Bay
Walla Walla.
Wtnneraucca
Yuma
.29.92
..30.14
.30.06
. -29.SS
. .:to.oe
.20.96
.30.24
.30.01
..30.10
.29.98
..29.98
.:;o.04
. .2!».»0
. .3O.<>«
..30.22
3.30.08
..30.11
..30.10
. .29. 9S
..30.18
.29.92
..30.10
.30.12
..29.9«
50 38 E Cloudy . .06
42 26 SE Cloudy .00
44 22 E . Cloudy .00
58 40 S Cloudy • .<K)
€0 ."W E Pt.Cldy .00
48 2<5 W Pt.Cldy .00
38vj30 S Cloudy .00
T,H 34 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Cl 48 RW Pt.Cldy .00
74 44 W Clear .00
50 38 E Cloudy .00
52 40 .NE Cloudy .00
45 32 NE Cloudy .00
54 42 SE Cloudy .00
40 30 KW Clear T.
54 44 SW Cloudy .00
60 4C S Cloudy, .00
«2 62 XW Clear .00
50* 40 N Pt.Cldy T.
42 32 E Cloudy .10
46 40 E Clear .00
00 38 SW Cloudy .12
44 18 S Cloudy .00
78 44 N Clear .00
Stations —
Eureka
Red Bluff ....
Sacramento . -
San Francisco.
Fresno
Independence .
Ran Luis Obisp
Los Angeleg • -
Sar. Diego . . .
Last
24. hours.
This
Season.
ie!64
9.09
l'.3»
6.38
4.21
2.46
Last
Season
32.53
18.73
13.80
14. (52
9.31
5.47
26.33
13.59
8.55
AUCTION SALES
fe GRAND AUCTION SALE £a
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
AND CHOICE
THOROUGHBRED STALLIONS.
BY ORDER OF
J. . "W. Schorr. A. B. Spreckels. Burlingame
Stock Farm. S. McXaughton, Chinn & For-
sythe. X>. McCarthy, consisting of the following:
Joe Frey (California Derby winner. $5000),
Esternell. Greenock (stake winner),- Ordnung.
Commissioner Forster, John Peters. Triaditza
(stake winner). Ishtar, Finch (great hurdle
jumper). Clarinette, Saul of Tarsus (a very con-
sistent racehorse), Montoya, Rosalbra. Flash-
light (stake winner), Trappean. Puryear D
(stake winner). Pegalong. Breton, etc.
Sale Will Take Place
MONDAY FEBRUARY 17H, 1002
; > Commenclneiat 7:45 P. M.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard St., Near Third.
i Catalogues ready.
•WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.ARRIVED,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Charles Dumont, a clerk, residing at 815
Jackson street, reported to the police last
night that he had been knocked down
and robbed in the midst of a 1 crowd at
Sacramento and Kearny streets. He said
his assailant was a stranger whom he
had allowed to share his room ¦ for two
days past.
The two men had gone down the street
together, and about 9 o'clock were about
to part for the evening, when the stran
ger suddenly struck Dumont with. a piece
of gasplpe. While Dumont was lying on
the ground dazed by the blow the stran-
Etr went through. his pockets and robbed
him of about $S0 in the form of two $20
pieces, a $5 piece and some silver. ? ¦
Csptain Seymour has detailed two de
tectives to look for the - stranger, who,
Dumont says, is a Frenchman.
Stranger Whom He Had
Befriended.
Charles Dumont Is a Victim, of a
Dr. Ma her, who has been resident physi
cian and medical superintendent of the
C'.ty and County Hospital, has found that
close confinement and the many duties of
his position have In a measure broken
down his health, and he therefore, with
the consent of the Board of Health, has
exchanged places for a period with ' Dr.
McElroy, who has been attached to the
general staff of Emergecny Hospital sur
geons under Dr. liunnell.
City Physicians Exchange Places.
KNOCKED DOWN AND
SOBBED IN A CROWD
Patrick Clancy of 2842 Folsom street,
who has been the elevator man at the
chemical laboratory of John Helstman
at 675 Bryant street, was killed last night
in an elevator accident.
Clancy was taking up a cask weighing:
1200 pounds, and when fifteen feet from
the basement floor the elevator rope broke
and the cage plunged to the floor. The
cask toppled over against Clancy, inflict
ing Internal injuries from which he died
in the ambulance before the Emergency
Hospital was reached.
cident at Eryant-Street Chemi
cal Laboratory.
Patrick Clancy Loses His Life in Ac-
ELEVATOR MATT KTTXED
BY A TOPPLING CASK
There is no attempt to prevent any proper
narty _from . seeing the company's books, for
there is. nothing to conceal. Business Man
ager Daniels has stood ready at all times to
nroduce the Isooks in court, and he also gave
a written. order to the bookkeeper to exhibit
the hooka to any stockholder, or his representa
tive provided the, books were examined in his
(tho' bookkeeper's) presence.' ;,
This- would- authorize Attorney Ach, if • h«
so desired, to come to the Knquirer office as
the representalve of Mr. , Collins and study th«
books aa much as he pleased. The reason for
refusing to produce the books before the Court
Commissioner, or before . a notary public. Is
that there it would not be able to protect them,
and it is not proposed . to allow them to go
where they will not be protected at all times.
Nothing to Conceal.
As the refusal of the president and man
ager of the Enquirer Publishing Company to
produce the company's books at the demand
of Attorney Ach has been misrepresented in
some quarters, it may be well to give the true
state of the case. ¦
Henry Payot will repeat his interesting
lecture on "The Land . of the Castanet"
at the South Park Settlement this even
ing. His fine collection of Spanish views
will niake this one of the most attractive
lectures of the course being given at the
settlement.^ '£$# ¦; ;
missioner Babcock was the original cause
of *he present contempt proceedings, the
Enquirer this evening publishes the fol
lowing as an official statement of the posi
tion of Manager Daniels:
Lecture on Spain.
Ship Hyades in Quarantine.
The ship Hyades from the Hawaiian
Islands, laden with sugar, was sent to
quarantine last evening. The cargo will
be fumigated.
Richard D. Chandler filed a. libel yes
terday in the United States District Court
against the steamer F. M. Smith to re
cover $751 53, alleged to be due for coal
delivered to the steamer.
Steamer F. M. Smith labeled.
Various plans were discussed for an ac
tive campaign to bring about the desired
result, but no definite action was taken,
the whole matter being left for a future
meeting, which will be called by the
chair. It is expected that there will not
be any difficulty In raising the amount of
money required.
A general committee was formed, of
which Charles L. Patton is the chairman,
Charles Bundschu vice chairman and H.
Schaffner secretary. The Union 1 Trust
Company was designated as the treas
urer.
The Merchants' Association has named
the following: members as its committee
to assist the general executive committee
of the Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias to procure funds for the recep
tion of the representatives to the Su
preme Lodge of the Knights and the uni
form rank of that organization, which
will meet In this city next August:
Charles Bundschu, F. H. "Whelan, A. E.
Buckingham, Jacob Salz and H. L. Judeil.
These met yesterday with the following
named members of the Grand Lodge com
mittee: Charles L». Patton, H. Schaffner,
George Samuels, A. G. Booth, H. R.
Arndt, W. C. Graves. C. F. McGlashan
and Jacob Samuels.
Money for Knights of Pythias
Gathering.
Selects Members to Help Procure
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
NAMES A COMMITTEE
Otis Clark, alias George Jackson, is
again in the toils of the law. He was ar
rested last night In the act of commit
ting burglary, having entered a Japanese
fancy, goods store at ¦ 821 Sacramento
street.' *
Clark entered the store from Oneida
place, in the rear, mid was making his
way upstairs. C. Kashl, the proprietor,
was sleeping in theistore and was aroused.
He raised a window and blew a police
whistle, Policeman Steve Bunner re
sponded to the call and captured Clark,
who had not heard the whistle nor taken
alarm.
Clark had Just been released from six
months* Imprisonment for petty larceny.
tempts Burglary but Is Neatly
Caught
Gets Out of Tail and Promptly At-
The French bark Henrietta, which was
recently wrecked at Astoria, has been sold
to Hale & Kern of Portland for $2000. Her
cargo, •which consisted of 273,770 feet of
redwood and 30,S49 feet of pine, has been
sold for $2150. The expense of beaching
the wreck so that the cargo can be re
moved Trill be shared equally between the
former owners of the chip and cargo.
Buyer for "Wrecked Henrietta.
OTIS CLAEK CAPTTTRED
IN A JAPANESE STOBE
YOTTNG WOMA2J SLIGHTLY
WOUNDED IN LEFT LEG
Her Supposed Assailant Claims Thar
It Was the Result of a Friendly
7-'}'c Scuffle. • 7:7
Charles B. Bauer, an engineer, 24 years
of age, was arrested last night by Police
Officer Shinkwin on Second street on ac
count of the shooting' of Miss Cethia Beck,
who lives at 434 Second street- According
to - Bauer, he called on Miss Beck last
night, Intending to take her to the theater.
"When I got there," says Beck, "she
said she was despondent and that if she
had some poison she would take it and
end her life. /I asked her what was the
matter, but she would not tell me. Then
I: took a pistol outsof my pocket. 'Use
this, if you want to,' I said and she
grabbed it. I tried to get It back and in
the struggle the pistol went off."
The police -were notified and Dr. Har
vey was called In. He had the woman re
moved to a private hospital at 1610 Van
Ness avenue, where It ¦was found. -that
the bullet had entered the calf ot the left
leg. The wound was superficial. Bauer
was charg d with assault to commit
murder. . .-¦.-..,
SYMPHONY CONCERT AT VjS
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Second of the Second Series Will Ee
Given by Society This
Afternoon.
The second symphony concert of the
second eerie.s under the auspices of the
San Francisco Symphony Society, of
which Paul Steindorff is director, will be
given this afternoon at the Grand Opera
house, commencing at 3:15 o'clock sharp.
To-day's concert promises to be the best
of the series and a large house is antici
pated. Giulio Minetti will'be "concert
meister." Following Is 'the programme:
• Overture, "The Life for the Czar," M.
J. Glinka; Symphony No. 8, B minor (un
finished), Franz Schubert; (1) Allegro
moderato; (2) Andante con moto; Hul
digung's Marsch, Richard Wagner; Suite
l'Arlesienne No. .1, G. Bizet; symphonic
poem, "Phaeton," C. Saint-Saens.
City Attorney's Opinions.
. City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday that there is no authority in the
charter for the Board of Works or Super
visors ¦ to deduct .trenching Inspection -fees
from the bill presented by the Spring Val
ley Water Company for water furnished
the city. The better plan Is to send a no
tice of such indebtedness to the Auditor,
who is then forbidden to audit the claims
•without deducting the indebtedness, says
Tiin~ faT''fffl|fc' h d*»ityHir^flfTMIPMMiifcrttli
Lane also advises that when a member
of the fire department is Injured while In
the performance of; any duty required by
the rules, whether such injury is re
ceived* in the extinguishing of fires or in
his quarters, the city must allow his sal
ary during his disability. \ ,
Henry Benjes, a boatman employed by
the Merchants' Exchange, had a narrow
escape from drowning yesterday. He was
attempting to board the steamer Coos
Bay when the bow of his boat caught
under the guard rail of the steamer. Tae
boat filled with water and Benjes clung
to the guard of the ship until he was
taken from his perilous position by the
crew of the Quarantine launch McNeilL
Henry Benjes Has Narrow Escape.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 13.— The sealing
schooner trmbrina returned to port to
night in distress. She got into a. gale off
the west coast of Vancouver Island on
the 7th instant, which continued until
she returned to the Straits. On Tues
day, off the Columbia River, she was
struck by an extra heavy sea, eight of
her sealing boats were carried away, the
bulwarks smashed and the decks ripped.
adniitting water to the hold. The pumps
had to be kept going continuously to
keep her afloat. The captain reports that
there were a dozen ships, some eighty
miles off the cape, all closely reefed, and
unable to get in on account of the rough
weather.
Returns to Port in Distress.
NEW YORK. Feb. 13.— Edwin Hawley
has resigned as assistant general man
ager of the Southern Pacific Railroad,
after being nineteen years in the service
of that company, and the office will be
discontinued. Hawley has had complete
charge of the Eastern end of the Southern
Pacific traffic for several years. He was
one of Collls P. Huntlngton'a lieuten
ants, and one year before Huntington
died he made Hawley a director and
member of the executive committee of
tne Southern Pacific system. Hawley
still holds his seat In the board. He is
president of the Minneapolis and St.
Louis and the Iowa Central railroads,
and is one of the largest stockholders
in each of those roads. His relations
with>the Harriman syndicate are friendly.
Nineteen Years' Service.
Southern Pacific Company After
Edwin Hawley Retires From. tl»
PROMINENT RAILROAD MAN
RESIGNS FROM OFFICE
The local lodges of the Order of Eagles
made things lively on the floor of the Pa
vilion last night. This afternoon there
will be a confetti battle between the chil
dren and in the evening the little ones
will hold a Mardi Gras festival on a small
scale. The children wlH be permitted, to
go masked. A cakewalk will be the feat
ure of the evening's entertainment.
Babes cried for their mammas and said
"goo goo" to the Judges at Mechanics'
Pavilion yesterday afternoon. "A baby 1
contest brought out all the mothers and
their cherubs, and the committee ¦ called
upon to choose the handsomest among the
aggregation had no easy time. The ar
duous task of picking winners devolved
on a committee of three, and before the
afternoon waned they regretted accepting
the position.
Every child in the eyes of its mother
was "cuter" and more beautiful than it*
neighbor's offspring. The pet of the house
hold was decorated In all his or her finery
and thrust upon a platform to be admired
and criticized by the spectators and con
testing mothers. After a. long delibera
tion the committee decided that Miss
Ruth Sullivan and Miss Beryl Miller were
the handsomest girl babies and Master
George Cronin and Harold Wall were con
ceded to be the prettiest boys. A special
prize was awarded to Sheridan Walker for
his "cuteness." Mrs. L. "Walker received
a prize for the handsomest baby carriage.
Prize- Winners — Mardi Gras
Festival To-Night
Judges Have a Hard Time Selecting
BABY CONTEST ATTRACTS
ATTENTION AT PAVILION
The court martial for the trial of re
cruits and casuals is still in session at
the Presidio and several offenders appear
before it daily. The sentences of several
men found guilty of violations of military
law, were approved by Colonel Rawle9
vestcrdsv
Thomas D. Rice, alias John McDonald,
Seventy-eighth Company, Coast Artillery,
and John Woods, One Hundred and Sev
enth Company, Coast Artillery, were both
convicted of desertion and fraudulent en
listment. They were each sentenced to
dishonorable discharge and two years'
imprisonment at Alcatraz. Cleveland T.
Bryant, Twenty-fourth Battery, Field
Artillery, was dishonorably discharged
from the army and given eighteen months
at Alcatraz for desertion. James Mc-
Donough, unassigned; Frederick Paasch,
unassigned; Peter Long, unassigned. and
James Klnney, unassigned, were all
found guilty of fraudulent enlistment.
The sentence in each case was dishon
orable discharge and one year's imprison
ment at Alcatraz. Sergeant Joseph A.
Kellar, Troop A, Thirteenth Cavalry,
found guilty of desertion and fraudulent
enlistment, received, a sentence of dis
honorable discharge and tw» years' im
prisonment at Alcatraz.
The department commander has re
ceived orders to send 500 recruits to the
Philippines on the transport Warren,
which is scheduled to sail to-morrow aft
ernoon. The officers who will accompany
the detachment are Captains S. W. Dun
ning, Sixteenth Infantry, and Zebulon
Vance, Eleventh Infantry, and Second
Lieutenants C. R. Jones, First Cavalry;
W.'R. Taylor, Third Cavalry; G. C. Shaw,
Thirteenth Infantry; L. D. Gasser, Twcn
ty-flrst Infantry, and J. M. Cralg.Twelfth
Infantry.
tences Imposed by the Presidio
Court Martial. • .
Colonel Rawles Approves Many Sen-
MILITARY LAWBREAKERS
RECEIVE PUNISHMENT
All fears for the safety of the overdue
Dutch steamer Folmina, bound for Vic
toria, with a cargo of sugar from Java,
December 10. were dispelled by the -arri
val of the Kintuck. she having sighted
the Folmina last week. The Folmina
was not flying signals of distress, but
was steaming slowly, not making- more
than three knots an hour.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 13.—
Two Oriental steamers arrived this morn
ing, the Java from Shanghai and the
Kintuck from Hongkong. The coal in
the bunkers of the Java was on fire, but
it is thought the fire will be extinguished
before serious damage results.
at Sea by an Oriental
VesseL
Overdue Dutch. Steamer Is Sighted
NO DISTBESS SIGN-.AXS
SHOW ON THH FOLMIUA
• • •
Mrs. Darling, the popular wife of Major
Darling, has returned from Europe and Is
at present staying at the Occidental Hotel,
Miss Flood gave an interesting dinner
party on Tuesday evening In the spacious
dining-room of the Flood mansion. The
guests ¦ Included Mr. and Mrs. James
Flood-,' Mr. - and Mrs.. Perry Eyre. Miss
Maynard, Mrs. Hunter and Mr. Twiggs.
The entire party attended the Mardl Gras
ball after, dinner. . v ¦
Associate members— Mrs. J. H. Jewett. Mrs.
John F. Merrill, Mrs. Q. J. Bucknall. Mrs.
Ella M. Sexton, Mrs. A. G. Booth. Mrs. A. E.
Pratt,- Mrs. Josephlne.de Greayer. Mrs. Wash
ington Ayer, Mrs. G. W. Caswell.
Honorary members— Judge R. B. Carpenter,
Judge T. B. McFarland.
Active members— President, Miss Mabel
Adams Ayer; vice president, Mies Jennie Mc-
Farland; recording secretary. Miss Jean Ped
lar; corresponding secretary. Miss Abbie Ed
wards: treasurer. Miss . Elizabeth Edwards;
Miss - Florence Benjamin, Miss Jessica Blake.
Miss Marie Denervaud. Miss Dare. Miss Mabel
Freeman. Miss Sadie Fritch. Miss Amy Ga
routte Miss Grace Garoutte, Miss Lavinla
FlestlnR. Mls« Alice May. Miss May Morton.
Miss Riffle. Miss Nettie Sexton, . Miss Ruby
Sessions. Miss Edna Spinney, Miss Meta
Stofen Miss Olivia Verdon. Mips Grace Whit
ney, Miss Paula Wolff, Mrs. W. , H. Jardln.
Those interested are as follows:
All applications for tickets may be made
to the members or to the secretary. Miss
Edwards, 1914 Broadway. The affair will
be nuite informal. . ¦ .-.-¦>.¦¦¦
There will also be three palmists in at
tendance, Mrs. Cushlng, Miss Kllk and
Miss Morton. ¦ . :
Character sketch in costume, Mrs. John
Looseley (the artist), who has a most attrac
tive and delightful surprise for the guests;
waltz (Moszkowski), Miss Lavinla Giestlng;
light recitations. Miss Alice. May; songs, by
some children from the Chinese Mission.
The Alden Club will hold -its valentine
reception and entertainment to-day be
tween the hours of 2 and 6 o'clock at 1622
Clay street. The admission will be 25
cents. The proceeds go to benefit the Al
den Club, which does not desire to be
known as a "charity" club, but rather a
branch of the International Sunshine So
ciety. This little club Is ever busy send
ing out its spirit of helpfulness and of
fering practical assistance in one way and
another to every one in need. It has no
boundaries of sect or of society. *
The interesting programme arranged n
as follows: V *
The breakfast given by the Adelphlan
Club in Alameda on Tuesday afternoon
was a great success. Mrs. Seller, the re
tiring president, was guest of honor,
while several presidents and officers of
city clubs were among the one hundred
guests. Among the clever toasts given
was one by Mrs. Lovell White on "The
State Federation," and Mrs. A. D. Shar
on's answer on "California's Big Trees."
The literature section of the' California
Club had a very Interesting afternoon
yesterday. The subject under discussion
was Browning's "Paracelsus," and, al
though this was the second day on the
poem, the subject offered quite as many
new avenues of thought. Some excellent
papers were read and were followed by a
general discussion. On Wednesday the
whist section met under the leadership
of Mrs. A. W. Cornwall. The social sci
ence department on Tuesday was well
attended. ¦ The chie>f feature of the pro
gramme was an address by Mrs. E. D.
Coryelle on I "Cooking in the Public
Schools and College Settlements." Imme
diately preceding this programme was a
special business meeting of the entire
club to decide upon the matter of pur
chasing: the lot under consideration. There
were flfty-flve votes for and fifty-one
against the purchase, and the lot will
therefore be procured for the subsequent
building of a clubhouse.
Mrs. James A. Black, Miss Elizabeth Foulke,
Miss Ida Robinson Miss Ruth Dunham. Miss
Deens. Miss Alice Herrin, Miss Wllliar. Miss
Elsie Sperry. Miss Irene Brower. Miss Kath
ryn Robinson. Miss Ruby. Johnson of San Jose:
Miss Beeby of Alaraeda; Miss Russell of Ala
meda. Miss Kate Herrin, Miss Florence Yates.
Joe Rosborough, Lieutenant Brower,. Dr. C. C.
Collins, U. S. A:; Dr. McVean. U. S. A.: Lleu
tencnt Bettiscn, Lieutenant Embick. Captain
Johnston. Lieutenant Edwards. Mr. Tully and
Frank Girard.
When those in the party landed at A1 T
catraz Island they were taken in charge
by an entertainment committee and shown
through the prison and other buildings of
interest. Dr. and Mrs. Shaw invited the
visitors to their quarters and gave them
tea. Angel Island was also visited.. The
Presidio was the next point, and a pleas
ant surprise awaited the party. Several
of the officers had anticipated their ar
rival and arranged a delightful 5 o'clock
tea. Every one had a thoroughly good
time. The chaperones were Mrs. Rosbor
ough, Mrs. Robinson and Mrs. Brower.
The other guests were:
Mr. Joseph Rosborough entertained a
happy party of twenty-seven people yes
terday in a most delightful manner. The
United States tug McDowell was placed
at the disposal of the guests and a little
excursion around the bay was the prin
cipal feature of the afternoon. The tug
stopped at Fort Mason at 1 o'clock for
some of the guests and picked up the
others at the Presidio.
BAY EXCURSION
IS ENJOYED BY
SOCIETY FOLK
J. R. Tally was passing along Los An
geles street shortly after 10 o'clock when
he saw a crowd of men and boys around
two fighting dogs. The larger dog had a
death grip on the throat of the smaller.
Tally's sympathies were aroused, and a.
policeman, so Tally says, told him to sep-^
arate the combatants If possible. Ho
pulled the bulldog, kicked it and tried to
open its mouth, but the animal had a grip
of death upon the throat of the under
dog and refused to relinquish its hold.
Tally says the policeman told him to kill
the vicious brute, and he drew his pocket
knife and after making another effort to
pry open the brute's mouth, cut its throat.
The blood poured upon the sidewalk, but
the bulldog would not release his hold.
Tally again drew his knife across the bull
dog's neck, this time cutting deeper. The
animal suddenly released Its hold upon its
adversary and turned its attention to
Tally. He defended himself with the
knife, but the fight continued for some
time before the canine, exhausted from
the loss of blood, fell to the street, but not
until after it had succeeded In burying its
teeth in Tally's hand. During: the combat
the dog repeatedly jumped toward Tally's
throat. Tally's Injury is not serious.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 13.— A bloody fight
between a man and a ferocious dog was
the spectacle that entertained a largo
number of people this morning.
Seiz* Throat of Los Angeles
Resident
Erute Hakes Vicious < Attempts to
MAN HAS A BATTLE r > I
WITH FIGHTING DOO
The proceedings of to-day " will brine
further complications, . which will - require
the Supreme Court to unravel and decide
whether a Commlslsoner is a- Judicial of
ficer. Sheriff Rogers may refuse to issue a
warrant according to the demands of the
Court Commissioner, in which :case the
plaintiffs "will .mandamus him.': On- the
other hand the defendants may sue out a
writ of prohibition that will be taken im
mediately " to -the Supreme Court, If
Daniels Is arrested the defendant? may
sue out a writ of habeas corpus, .
.As the refusal of General Manager Dan
iels: to produce the books of the Enquirer
Publishing Company, before Court - Com-
Complications Threaten!
•The decision, of the Court Commissioner
was followed by a demand from Ach that
a warrant be issued for Mr. Daniels' ar
rest and that he be brought before the
court by the Sheriff, to be dealt with.ac
cording as the Commissioner In his. judg
ment deems fit. He volunteered to pre
pare the order and warrant for submis
sion to the court.
"I order Mr. Daniels' arrest," said the
Commissioner, "and wish Mr. Ach would
prepare the papers. And I wish to say
that the subpena requires -him to pro
duce certain books and papers. I, cer
tainly, if I have the power to do so, shall
compel the production of those books and
papers under that subpena.'.' ' ¦
"I ask you Honor to find Mr. Daniels
guilty of contempt in failing to obey the
subpena," said Mr. Ach, "the evidence
showing that he has them in his posses
sion, under his control, in addition to the
other findings. I want to test this thing
test it all the way through." <
"We might as well make a dozen ar
rests." said Snook. • .. , ,
"One is just as good as . a dozen," • re
plied Ach. • : .-,.'¦>
"Well, we will take steps, too," re
torted Snook. ' ¦ - '" >"¦¦-;•¦ : - ;
"I ask your Honor to find the defendant
guilty of two-contemnta," urged .Ach.
"One is for boisterous conduct -and the
other for failing to obey the subpena.".-
The Court Commissioner finally decided
to comply with the wishes of Ach and
the attorney went off, saying he would
prepare the ¦ necessary papers during the
night
Demands Daniels' Arrest.
On yesterday, to which time the further tak
ing of the depositions herein was continued,
the witness, O. B. Daniels, being on the stand
as a witness, and being then and there in
terrogated by the plaintiff's attorney, without
the consent of the plaintiff's attorney, ani
without the permission of the Court Commis
sioner abruptly took his hat and said "Good
day gentlemen," and left the room, where
upon the counsel for the plaintiff asked the
Commissioner to adjudge the said Daniels
guilty of contempt, under the provisions of the
I cannot say, for I do not believe, that the
eald Daniels Intended to Ignore or set at de
nance the authority of the Court Commissioner,
or treat him in any disrespectful manner, for
the reason that up to the time that he left
he had very good reason to believe from what
transpired in the Superior Court the day pre
vious, and from the arguments of counsel be
fore me, that he was under no legal restraint
whatever to answer the questions which had
been asked him. ¦ ¦•
Nevertheless, his conduct above referred to
was In contempt of judicial authority, and I
now bo decide, and find him guilty ot con
¦ As to the decision of Judge Ogden touching
tho proceedings for contempt before him. I
have this to say. I do not understand that Judge
Ogden decided that. I had no authority to pun
ish for contempt, but on the contrary, he said
substantially this: ....
That if any contempt had been committed.
It was before the Commissioner, and' not be
fore him and that he had no authority to take
Judicial notice of.it. : As to on whom the
hurden growing out of proceedings for con
tempt may fall, it is not proper for me to con
aider that matter.
Daniels Leaves the Room.
I have, myself, given a good deal of time
to the investigation since the question arose,
and notwithstanding the full and careful
presentation made by the attorney here, Mr.
Snook, 1 fall to reach the conclusion that I
have not the power to punish for contempt.
Just before you gentlemen came \ down here,
I had dictated an opinion, and hi reference to
the constitutional provisions in connection with
section 178 I say that these sections commenc
ing at 178, taken in connection with the pro
visions quoted from the constitution, leave no
doubt In my mind that I have full and ample
authority to punish for contempt of the au
thority vested In me as court commissioner,
and further, that I not only have that author
ity, but it is my duty, in furtherance of the
orderly conduct of the business before me, to
exercise that power •whenever the occasion de
mands It in the Interests of justice.
Attorney Ach's burden of contention
was diametrically opposite to that held
by Attorney Snook. He referred .to the
statutes to show that express authority
is conferred upon all judicial officers to
punish' all who dispute the judicial au
thority and refuse to obey the orders of
Buch an officer. The Court Commissioner,
he declared, Is a Judicial officer.
"The refusal of a witness to obey the
orders of a judicial officer," he said, "is
one of the specially designated cases of
contempt. Daniels refused to obey the
orders of this court. Not only that, but
he insulted this court by leaving it while
on the' witness stand. When I asked him
a question he put on his hat and said:
'Good day, gentlemen,' and walked Out.
It was as much as If he ' had said, To
Halifax with you all.'"
When the attorneys had finally con
cluded their arguments the Court Com
missioner thanked them for their labors
in the exposition of the law before him
and then said:
Attorneys Argue Point.
The attorneys spent the entire alternoon
to-day In the presentation of law before
the Commissioner. Attorney Snook, who
had first say, confined himself to argu
ments and authorities to show, that a
Court Commissioner has no more rights
than a notary public and that his pow
ers are merely ministerial, not judicial.
He contended that a Court Commissioner
by no means has the power to punish con
temptuous acts In his presence. A man
might tell the Court Commissioner to "go
to thunder," he said, and he could not
hold him responsible for it. '
Then Attorney Ach, for the plaintiff,
sprang a few statutes and law points to
show that Attorney Snook's client was in
contempt because he had left the court
room without leave and while on the wit
ness stand. Attorney Snook was unpre
pared to argue the point, offhand and
asked for time so that he could present
his views on the mooted question.
The only question involved was the
right of the Court Commissioner to ex
ercise judicial powers. Judge Ogden had
told the Commissioner when Mr. Daniels
was haled before him the other day
that he, Judge Ogden, had no jurisdiction
to punish him for his refusal to l'urnish
the books and that if he was In contempt
to anybody it was the Court Commis
sioner. So Mr. Daniels thought he could
safely ignore the commands of the Court
Commissioner and summarily left his
presence. ...
Court Commissioner Babcock held to
day that he had the power to punish of
fenders for the disobedience of his man
dates and he ordered the arrest of G. B.
Daniels, managing editor of the Oakland
Enquirer, for having refused to produce
the books of the publishing company and
for having left the presence of the Com
missioner without leave yesterday after
noon. (
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 13.
Supreme Court Must "Unravel Tangle
Caused by Decision in the En
quirer Publishing Com
pany Case.
"My Government will own and control
all the schools it establishes in this coun
try. They will be among the finest in
America."
"The decision to locate here was reached
to-day after the conference with Mr.
Frick. who, together with George West
inghouse, has promised cordial support
and patronage for the school. The school
of political science in New York will hava
the patronage of J. Pierpont Morgan and
Charles M. Schwab, both of whom have
given me thia assurance.
The above statement was made . tnia
evening by Lazare Weiller, chief coun
cilor of the Foreign Board of Trade of
France. M. Weiller and Maurice de La
gotellerie, the two French commissioners,
arrived In Pittsburg this morning and
spent the morning by appointment In
conference with H. C. Frick. who is much
interested *n the proposed school. An ¦
other conference will be held to-morrow
and the commissioners will leave for Chi
cago in the evening. While the commis
sioners have not announced it officially
it is probable that the site was selected
by Mr. Frick opposite Carnegie Institute.
M. Weiller said: ,..* .'
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Feb. 13.— "Pittsburg
will get the new school for the education
of engineers to be established in the
United States by the French Government.
The French school of political science will
be located In New York City. I hava
recommended the latter to my Govern
ment and will recommend that the school
for engineers be established in Piusburg."
Vast tracts of land which Spain never
owned, the doctor asserts, have been sold
in. Cuba, and among them the private
holdings of hundreds of residents. Hun
dreds are starving on the island, while the
United States is pouring in a flood of
labor instead of utilizing the labor at
hand, and the result is that, although
three years have elapsed since the close
of the war, Cuba has made little progress
because there is no money there.
Dr. de Peamadded that the spirit of in
ternal dissension would tear Cuba to
pieces again and that the United States
would be compelled to take hold of the
island. This was desired by the better
element, Spanish and Cuban alike, he de
clared.
"Annexation," says Dr. de Peau, "Is the
only solution of the present situation in
Cuba. Because of the tariff against Cuban
sugar the planters cannot move. They
have no money and no means of raising
any without giving from 18 to 22 per cent
on it." .
RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 13.— Dr. Leonel
de Peau of Santiago, Cuba, who is # here
on his way to see President Roosevelt,
declares that another war is imminent in
Cuba. He predicts that Senor T. Estrada
Palma, the new President, will not be
allowed to land, and that if by chance he
does .a conflict will follow between the
whites and blacks. Dr. de Peau says
Senor Palma was never wanted as Presi
dent by the better element, although his
election was allowed by that element, and
that the moment the United States troops
are withdrawn there will be another con
flict. •;•> ,.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The matter will come up before the
Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors at its next i meeting,
and will be considered by the Federation
of Mission Improvement Clubs to-morrow
night. * ,-.,-"¦¦:• V*
Most of the cases needing attention at n
hospital of this kind come from the shipping
In the harbor, or from downtown hotels. It
would cave having them carried through the
populous portions of the city if they could be
put on a launch and quickly transferred.
There is nioney enough In the treasury to set
tle the matter at once, and quickly at that.
George Guthrie, president of the Po
trero Nuevo Club, said that Mayor Schmitz
would be invited to examine into the three
propositions under consideration, and
would be afforded every opportunity to
learn tjae wishes of the people in all dis
tricts.
We have yellow flags flying on the City
and County Hospital and on the hospital for con
tagious diseases in a portion of the city that
Is rapidly growing. What we people of the
Mission want Is a removal of both places.
The growth, of the city is checked. -and hun
dreds of acre? are unooDUlated, where thou
sands of homes might be erected. A place
located on the bay shore would be an ideal
Bpct. The residents of the district, so far as
I have conversed with them, favor the Bay
View Farm.
' Augustus D. Pratt, who has resided in
this district for many years, said:
Checks Growth of District.
A peculiar proposiion has been evolved In
connection with the plan to put election booths
upon the already overcrowded lot. The present
buildings afford scant space for exercise for
those who are now confined there, yet arrange
ments have been made tentatively by the Board
of Health to purchase from the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners a number of booths for the
shelter of patients. Ho* the transfer of city
moneys is to be made is an interesting sub
ject of discussion among those conversant with
city finances and we propose to find out how it
can be done.
If it is attempted to expend $1 for the re
pair of this place, we propose to expend all
the money needed to procure an injunction and
fight the matter through the highest courts of
the State. A "committee of safety" might be
organized in the district if other means failed.
We are informed that the land -upon which
the buildings are located is not owned by the
city and that any Improvements made would
revert to the owners. What they would do
with them after the place is eventually aban
doned is a question.
The Southern Pacific Company and the Santa
Fe Railway Company will run within' one block
of the present Bite as soon -as their announced
plans are carried out. .What a beautiful im
pression would be made' on the traveling pub
lie if such a building was maintained on the
main entrance and exit to the city.
. Real estate In the vicinity in consequence is
lower in price than it was thirty years ago.
It is too near a well-settled and rapidly grow
ing section of the city. It was erected nearly
thirty years ago, when the city was a village,
and has been tinkered with beyond all under
standing-. . .• ¦ „.¦
The property owners, taxpayers and resi
dents of the southeast Mission protest against
the expenditure of any money for the Improve
ment of the present hospital for contagious dis
eases, as it is unfit for human habitation and
scarcely lit as a refuge for stray dogs. .
Not Fit for Dogs.
The opposition is summed up by John
Barduhn, treasurer of the improvement
club, who says: i -
This opposition has taken a decided
stand. .The leading spirits of the Potrero
Nuevo Improvement Club have the mat
ter In hand, and some of them say they
are prepared to violate the law, if need
be, to prevent the consummation of pres
ent plans. Among those who are opposed
to any temporizing are Peter Stonberg,
Thomas J. Miller, Augustus Pratt, Max
Popper, George Guthrie, Rasmuasen
Bros., Robert Girdwood and other resi
dents of the district.
Residents of that section of the city
embraced within the district east of How
ard street' and south of Twentieth are
as a unit in opposition to the plan of the
Board of Health and the Health and Po
lice Committee of the Board of Supervis
ors to put election booths on the site of
the leper and smallpox hospital Inclosure
on : Twenty-sixth" street and San Bruno
avenue.' ,. " •
Nearly 10,000 residents of this district
are united in this opposition, for they
claim to see in It a perpetuation of the
present undesirable structure, which has
oeen condemned by Boards of Health and
Grand Juries for many years past. They
claim- that the appropriation of $15,0W,
made at the beginning of. the fiscal year,
should be applied to the purchase of a
tract ready tor occupancy, and which
could be properly inclosed within a short
period of time. • -
The delegates in attendance were:
President, W. B. Hlnchman; secretary,
Herbert Hauser; E. J. Lynch, D. D.
Crowley. A. P. Rothkopf, Thomas Harris,
A. H. Mellitz, E. C. Harrington. M. Levy,
George Collopy, P. J. Cadogan, J. Neu
mlller, Charles E>. Snyder, George James.
Ezra Decoto, Charles Cantwell and D. D.
Oliphant. ¦
David Atkinson, the football player who
struck Umpire Horan on the neld during
a game last November, appealed from the
decision of the registration committee.
He was suspended by the- committee for
one year. Hearing of the case was post
poned until the next meeting.
E. J. Lynch was accepted as a delegate
from the Ariel Club; D. D. Oliphant.
Multnomah Club; Herbert Hauser, Gar
den City Club, and Morris Levy, Hayea
Valley Athletic Club.
It was found that in the past the cus
tom of the association had been to charge
as large a sanction fee as the trarnc
would bear. >
The whole unpleasant business devel
oped over the omission on the part of
Mr." Bockman of presenting his hnal re
ports as chairman of the registration
committee and the regatta committee of
the association at the last annual meet
ing. The reports were ready at the time
and showed a balance due Mr. Bockman
for money expended on behalf of the as
sociation. The reports were called for,
but the chairman the .committee was
not present.
Had the reports been presented the
charges woula never have been filed. The
registration committee is a power unto
itself, and for years has apparently acted
independently of the association. Mr.
Bockman said he had high ideals about
amateurs and refused to class the boys
who box in the local clubs with those who
compete In outdoor athletics. These he
registered separately. Until this was ex
plained he appeared in the light of hav
ing conducted a private registration bu
reau of his own.
On a second charge of issuing unau
thorized registration cards to amateur
boxers and collecting fees for the same,
he was convicted by a vote of 5 to 3.
Herbert Hauser, representing the Aca
demic Athletic League, and George James
of the Olympic Club, who presided over
the meeting, did not vote. Although a
verdict of guilty was recorded no punish
ment is provided under the rules. A. R.
Rothkopt, a member of the registration
committee, voted to exonerate Mr. Bock
man, saying he had acted fully within his
duties. Mr. Hauser was also a member
of the committee.
John R. Bockman. ex-president of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union, was acquitted of the charge
of exacting an exorbitant sanction fee
from the Hayes Valley Athletic Club, at
a meeting of the board of governors of the
association held last night in the Olympic
Club.
About two hours later the boat had
drifted bo near the shore that the dark
outline of the trees against the sky could
be made out. Casey and Callaghan im
portuned Ryan to take a chance and
swim to shore, but the latter would not
leave the boat, as he was a poor swim
mer. Finally Casey and Callaghan start
ed" for shore, after promising Ryan that
if they reached it they would come to his
rescue with a boat. When they did find
the overturned boat after daybreak Ryan
had vanished.
Then commenced a battle for life in the
icy sea. When the boat capsized the oars
floated away and It was Impossible to
work toward the shore. Many hours
after the boat capsized Couture and
Smith released their grasp and sank.
They were overcome by the Intense cold
ness of the water, and with a despairing
good-by they went down.
The boat was turned about and headed
for shore, but that action was taken too
late, for in a minute or so the frail craft
was three-quarters tilled with water, and
with an overloaded stagger from side to
side she sank to the level of the gun
wales and then flopped bottom upward.
The five men united In crying for help,
but the sound of their voices was hushed
by the thunder of the elements.
George Callaghan stated that after put
ting olf from shore the boat was pulled
for Rock Bay, but not much progress had
been made when a sea was snipped. Oth
ers followed in quick succession, and
while two men worked at the oars the
other three attempted to ball out the
water, but their efforts were futile, for
the breakers continued to roll In over the
gunwale on the windward side.
Casey and Callaghan were provided
with a boat and they rowed out to the
scene of the drowning, but not a trace of
Ryan could they obtain. On Sunday ef
forts were made to locate the bodies, but
without success.
Five men— Allen Casey, George Cal
laghan, Joseph Couture, Arthur Smith
and James Ryan — spent Saturday at
Granite Bay". At 9 o'clock that nightthey
started to row to Rock Bay, six miles
away. The boat soon disappeared In the
darkness and nothing was heard from the
men till Casey and Callaghan stumbled
into a cabin at Granite Bay about day
light on Sunday morning with the awful
news that two of the others had been
drowned.
The scene of the triple fatality was
Discovery Passage, a strip of water lying
between Valdes Island and the Vancou
ver Island shore and just above Seymour
Narrows. On Saturday nignt a high aea
was running on the passage and it was
suicidal lor any one to attempt to put
cut in a small boat.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Feb. 13.—Over
come by the intense cold by an all-night
submersion in the Icy "waters of Granite
Bay, in the upper section of the Gulf of
Georgia, three men last Sunday morning
met their ¦ deaths. Two others had ex
tremely narrow escapes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The schooner Occidental was one of the
fleet of McKay &. Co. of the Occidental
mill. She was a three-masted craft, built
by H. D. Bendixsen in 18S4, and was 120
feet long and 30.5 feet beam. Her gross
tonnage was 209 and net tonnage 173. She
cost about $20,000.
Then began the difficult journey to Pe
trplia. The rains had maae the streams
violent torrents and the rivers were rush
ing down banks full. It took the surviv
ors two days to travel thirty miles.
Enough food came ashore for one meal,
and nothing more was obtained until Pe
trolia was reached Tuesday evening. The
survivors have been two days in traveling
from Petrolia to Eureka, arriving here on
the Eel River and Eureka Railroad Com
pany's train from Sinsleys this afternoon.
Great difficulty was experienced in cross
ing Eel River, which has been too high
to ferrv. The captain and crew braved
the dangers of the current and crossed in
a small boat.
Word was received here Tuesday even
ing from the survivors at Petrolia, but
no notification could be sent to the owners
outside the county, as Eureka and Hum
boldt County towns have been entirely
cut off from outside communication for
over a week. Both the telegraph and tel
ephone lines were carried down by the
severity of the storm.
The vessel was carried ashore broadside,
striking the sandy bottom with such force
that her masts were jumped out of her.
Before the captain ana crew left the ship
she had begrun to go to pieces.
After the ship strucK a sailor, Andrew
Anderson, went overboard with a rope
around his waist. He reached the shore
and made the rope fast. Over this rope
the captain and the remaining members of
the crew reached shore in safety .
The point at which the vessel stranded
is between Point Gorda, known as the
"marine graveyard," and Shelter Cove.
The crew, consisting of Captain Luberg,
two mates, four sailors and tiie cook, John
Gallup, formerly master of the schooner
Mary Dodge, all reached shore.
EUREKA. Feb. 13.— The schooner Occi
dental, from San Pedro, carried by wind
and waves, went ashore Sunday morning
at S:SO o'clock on a low sandy beach on
the southern Humboldt coast, known as
China. Flat. _¦ .^-?.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Court Commissioner Orders
Him Taken Into
the Only Solution of
the Situation.
Believe That Annexation Is
Skipper and Crew Have to
Use a Rope to Reach
the Beach.
Prepare for Vigorous Fight
Against Action That Is
Contemplated.
Commissioners Make Choice
After a Conference With
/ Mr. Frick.
Delayed Committee Reports
Explain Apparent Dis
crepancy.
Editor G. B. Daniels Is
Found Guilty of ¦':
Contempt.
Survivors Reach Shore and
Vainly Try to Find
Comrades.
Site Selected by French
Government For
Institution.
Schooner Occidental a
Wreck on the Hum
boldt Coast.
Athletes Acquit JohnR.
Bockman of Serious
Charge.
Mission Residents Object
to Smallpox Hos
pital Plans.
Dr. De Peau Says People
of Island Object to
President Palma.
Boatmen Have Terrible
Experience at Gran- .
ite Bay.
DECLINES
TO PRODUCE
THE BOOKS
VOICE PROTESTS
AGAINST BOOTHS
PREDICTS MORE
STRIFE IN CUBA
PITTSBURG SETS
THE NEW SCHOOL
DID NOT EXACT
EXORBITANT FEE
THREE PERISH
IN ICY WATERS
STORM DRIVES
HER ON SANDS
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1902:
Angelus Piano Player Recital Saturday,
3 p. m., at Sherman, Clay,& Co.'a Hall;
See amusement column of. this paper. Ad
mission free, but tickets should ••¦ bo ¦ pro
cured from Sherman, Clay & Co. •
Believes Herself in Bondage.
Ujiited States. District Attorney. Wood
worth received a letter yesterday from
Louisa Faessler, 1827 Adeline street, Oak
land, requesting that he take the neces
sary legal steps to take her out of "bond
age." She Imagines that she Is being
held by the authorities. The Faessler
woman was committed to the Insane asy
lum from Oakland seven years ago and
discharged as cured twp years later. She
never regained her full faculties, and
every once In a while she . becomes pos
sessed with all sorts of vagaries.
The following officers were elected at
a meeting of the Pacific Coast Retail
Liquor Dealers' Protective Association
held yesterday afternoon: .President, E.
Lowenthal; vice president, C. B. Carlson:
recording secretary, Gus Popp; financial
secretary. C. G. Keller; treasurer, G. H.
Munk; sergeant at arms, Charles Larsen;
directors— P. Filipptni, H. Joost, - N. P.
Larsen. W. Haack. D. Stefflns, J. L.
Scanlan and J. W. Wilson.
Liquor Dealers Elect Officers.
¦ ¦¦ - ' . V Thursday. February 13. ¦
jap'Stmr Nippon Maru, Greene. ?7 days 2
hours from'HoiiKkonE, 16 days 2 h&urs from
Yokohama. 5 days 21 hours from Honolulu.
- Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 31 hours from Eu
reka " V SPOKEN.'
Per Jap stmr Nippon Maru — Feb 11. "4:20
a. m ' stmr China, • hence Feb ; 7, for Hono
¦™£r*St.S^^Maru^-Feb 11. ,10:30 D . «,.
strar : showing vslpial white light over red,
bound for Honolulu. .- },
MISCELLANEOUS.
-VICTORIA; B.C., Feb 13— Dutch etmr Fol
mlna sighted off Cap* Beale. machinery dis
abled, eteamlns: two or three miles per, hour.
FOREIGN; PORTS. A
VANCOUVER— Arrived Feb 13— Dutch stmr
Folmina, from Moji. '; .. ' ¦'.. *¦ '
:¦.-.-..: ..OCEANS STEAMERS. •¦,'¦' ¦ ' ,- -.',
• NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Mongo
lian, f re m Glasgow and Moville. ,
9
If your hair is brittle and thinning, you
have dandruff. The mere scouring of
the ecalp of the loose scales won't cum
dandruff; because dandruff is nothing: but
Ecalea of scalp being thrown up by a pes-
tiferous little germ in burrowing its way
to the root of the hair where it saps the
vitality, causing falling hair and in time
baldness. Now, you can't stop dandruff,
nor falling hair, nor prevent baldness un-
less you destroy that germ; and the only
preparation that can do it Is the new bcI-
entiflc discovery. Newbro's Herpicide. In
fact, no other hair preparation claims to
kill the dandruff germ— all of them will
clean the scalp: soap and water will do
:>at, but only ICewbro's Herpicide gets at
the root of the trouble and kills the dan-
€ruff germ.
"Will Remove the IVoose Dandruff
Scales, but It Won't Cure Dandruff.
SCOURING YOUR SCAXP
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
grS If you want a
qL good food for your
j) infant try Mellin's
r Food. It requires
no cooking and is !
easily and quickly m
prepared. Write for y*
a free sample. - _jP
Mellin's Food Co., Jti
Boston, Mass., U. S. A.
MIINYON'S
DYSPEPSIA
CURE
When Prof. }tnsjon cars fcU Pjip«p»la Cnr»
•rill euro k>dife«ioa and all forms ot stomach
trouble h« «in»?ljr tell* the troth. It will car* *
|tom«cb that hit Ixep abused by over-eating: and
bver-dricktoff. It fill cars a tt«macb that bas
been weakened by old-style drags. It will do much
toward maJrisx aa els stomach act Hie atpand one.
At all drSfcist*, t£ cents. Fifty-six otSer cores,
Maayn, New 'iorlcaod Philadelphia. - -.
¦ Hrjrros's rnuita circa catarrh.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the- Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th» Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALF3 & BRUNK. Agents. '
823 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1SSL Con*
saltation and private boo*
free at offics or by maii.
Cures guaranteed.
731' MARKET ST.
BAN FRAKCISCO. CAI*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1902
10
HELI* WAXTED— FEMALE-^CoBr -[
WANTED — Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear; ! experienced only: • steady work;
electric power;, good. pay. . MARKS BROS.,
¦ 1212 Market at. ¦ t ¦,--,.
WANTED— Experienced operator on woman* s
wrappers; steady work; good pay: electric
. power. - MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market St.
lst-class sewers to take work home' on ladles',
children's waists, etc. H.FrledIander.333 Fell.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
"¦¦ received at. Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. ' -,
< HELP WANTED— MALE. '
MURRAY & READY ...Phone Main 6848
634-636 Clay, Street......
. ..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Open 7 a. m.
Foreman brickmaker, country.....
Gang of men for brick yard.......
Blacksmith for horseshoeing shop, country..
: Blacksmith, large company $3 day
00 more woodchoppers, north and south, good
trees, level ground.".. ..:... .75c to $2 20 cord
17 tlemakers, 10c to 16c, cheap fares
6 pruners, orchard, fare $1 60. .$30 and found
. Geese ¦ herder, $20 and- found. ...2- stablemen
Buggy washer, country stable. .$30 and found
Gardener, country job. $52
j 4 choreboys; 2 choremen; milker, $30 and
found; boy for country store.... $10 and found
2 . slack coopers -
Camp cook, near city :.$40 and found
3 cooks. $32, $35 and $50 and found; man to
. cook for 4 men on ranch; 5 waiters; young
-man to drive milk route, $25
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
A — WAGONMAKER and wood worker, camp;
steady Job; $50 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st. '
2 CARPENTERS, $3 50 day; poultryman and
wife, $50 and found ; 4 farmers and wives,
$25, $35, $40 and $50 and' found; gardeners,
. $35 to $40 and found; German or Scandi-
navian man about place. $30 and found; 3
car builders, $3 to $3 25 day; piano player,
fare advanced, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st - .
RESTAURANT baker. $10 week -hotel cook.
country, $45; hotel -waiter, country, $25; but-
- ler. $35 and • found ;¦¦ waiter- for institution,
$25 and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st. t
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st
Farmer and wife, see boss. here .....$45
Railroad laborers to go to-day, $26 and board
Pruner for vineyard ; . . . .$26
' . Gardener for private place $35
Brick burners.. $2 50 and $2 25 a day
: Walter for institution... $20 and found
WANTED — A competent engineer to run • sta-
tionary engine and double reel ! hoist ma-
chinery; none need apply who has not had
charge of mining hoisting machinery and can
give good references. Apply room 22, BOS
California st. /
WANTED— Young man who has had experience
in running an electrical lever elevator. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— Experienced dress goods salesman.
Apply « between 8 and 11 \ a,' m. at HALE
.WANTED — Young man experienced in book-
keeping and good at figures. Apply between
8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Tailor who Is also a good cutter
to go to ncarbv town. Call DETMEB
WOOLEN' CO., 643 Market st.
EASY chance to make money; best proposi-
tion on the market; $2 to $10 easily earned
daily; investigate. 993 Market st.. room 1.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 693
Clay st.; call at 8 o'clock.
BARBER wanted; guarantee. Elite Shaving
Parlors, 761 Howard st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
105 Tenth st.
BARBER shop for sale. 217 Fourth st.
BOY wanted to run errands. 156 New Mont-
gomery St., room 10.
COOK wanted at 506 Howard st
EXPER. lad, 17 to 20, to take charge of cellar
crockery store. 108 6th. after 9 a.m. ; refs.
BOY to work in the kitchen in a small restau-
rant. C10 Stanyan st.
BOY wanted at 29 Stockton st.
WANT bootblack for Saturday and Sunday.
202 Fourth st. / ¦ .
AN elderly man for boardlns-house. Call 7
a. m.. 322 Main st.
WANTED — Young man for porter work: state
age and experience. Box 3914, Call office.
WANTED — A young man for bookkeeper; must
' have had experience, write a good hand, ac-
curate at figures and. be able to furnish good
references.- Address, stating references, sal-
ary expected, box 3354, Call office.
THE Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company-
Is ready" to contract with desirable men to
Introduce their New Intermediate Policy
throughout the Pacific Coast. Liberal - con-
- tract and good territory. Apply Intermediate
• Department, Pacific Mutual Life Insurance
Co., Pacific Mutual bldg., cor. Sacto. & Mont.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over C feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Honest man with $250; tend cash,
restaurant; $50 .month and board; no experl-
ence; snap; come quick. BROWN, 1221 Mkt.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $65, take
¦ cash and assist in restaurant; $40 month; no
experience. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced, reliable' German as
driver for bakery wagon; good wages; state
references. Box 3952, Call office.
Experienced sash and door maker. INGLER &
YOUNG, Fourth and Washington. Oakland.
WANTED — First-class steward at the Palace
of Art. 16 Post st.
ATTENTION— Ex-vol. soldiers, for extra pay
apply at 630 Market St., O. E. HOWE.
A FIRST-CLASS 4-chalr 25-cent shop for sale.
38 Ellis at.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. - Volunteers. Call
. or write Sherwood.' pension atty.. 624 Market.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 second-hand
shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st. • ¦
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sice men's' shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. j 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggago to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
. HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT ¦ of horses for : sale at : Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. ,
FOR sale — Gentle, stylish riding . horse 14%
hands, dark color; also gentle 'riding 'and
driving Indian pony; cheap. Santa Clara
' Stables, 164 Golden Gate ave.'
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
• gies bought and sold; new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market st, corner Eleventh.-
HORSE and phaeton for sale: fine gentle horse
' . for family driving. 1000 Geary st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for, sale cheap. '532 Mission.
FOR sale— 1375 Eddy st. ; stylish single-footing
saddle horse. ..
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
S TO LET IN PIEDMONT-
TO lease for 6 months, a house
, 2 baths; recently built; artistically furnished-
on car line. Address R. A. BRAY 220 Clav
- st. . • San Francisco. . '..-•¦ .' . . -.,
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
.LADIES and gentlemen,, this interests you—
a Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
,- by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND
room 39. 139 Post st.. Llebes building. '
1 ; LOST AND FOUND. "
LOST— $^^MwTrTr^n^7Tll5~^a7row^ga[u^
v train in Oakland, last Sunday, a lady's silk
' umbrella; tortoise shell and oxydized ' silver
handle; monogram H.W. T. on top Above
| : reward will be paid on delivery to cashier at
Call office.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 70tt Kills.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
ec; tel. Bush 421. " ¦
. .MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or In trouble call 8c
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief In all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases in both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate oZ Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladles
before and during confinement: best care;
confinement $15; rm., board. $5 wk,; Infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resld.. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS..D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
80 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed;, home before and during confinement;
. infants adopted. ! 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office. 1223 Market St.; SO years*
experience In obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, ladles' physician;
private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 G. Q. ave.; now 112 Mason.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 23
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market st.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment: maternity home: home
in confinement 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herba.
MINING AND ASSAYIXG.
FOR sale — Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company. • situated la Ne-
.vada County. J5 miles north of Auburn; 2
patented claims, 8-stamp quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
for inspection. Further particulars frcm A.
MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal. . •
MINES AND MINING.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. S.
F; ; branch office. Nome. Ala&ka. season 1902.
• MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
4-INCH centrifugal pump, with gasoline
¦ engine, all complete $200
••'8 H. P. gasoline engine 150
8 H. P. Scotch marine boiler 100
15-inch -engine lathe, complete. 150
H. S. -WHITE, 516 Mission st.
PHYSICIAN'S electrical office cabinet for
street current or cells: a new and beautiful
design; owner going East and will sell at
bargain. Address bcx 36S0, Call office.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 88 bust: condi-
tion and quality fine; cost originally $230, for
$100 cash: a beauty. Box 3948. Call office.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunawlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine
FIXE suits, $10;. dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
NEW cash register for sale. Call at &28
Broadway.
NEW Home and Domestic sewflig machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
5000 TO 10,000 feet of 3, 3% and 4 Inch piye.
IPS Vallejo st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried I in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ¦
Wall paper 3c, worth 10c; paperhansing, palnt-
ing. Merlgan. 1302 Webster; tel.Jackson 1321.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launchea. . J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
¦ MAIST SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.-
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-band moving plc-
tUYes. EULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poat st
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada r>ne vear for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
PORTABLE 1000-foot well boring modern out-
fit, in good condition, for cash. Send full
particulars to box 3C43. Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city, box 3276, Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton St.: phone Bush 484.
LATHE, foot power, eecond-hand; reasonable;
cash; state dimensions, price. Box 369S, Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jeasla 285 L
¦ TO LOAN.
HERMANMlJRPHYrii(& " re-r»'raiT^r " h"j7|| S\nz.
$4,600,000 at loweet ratea T.
on first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust
.... Undivided interests in real estate* ....
...Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all aorta and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.),
$300,000 at 6% & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country property:
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 6024. 11A.V-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT &/PER CENT.
, First second and third mortgages...
' Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
- Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
MONEY TO LOAN. —
....;... $1,000,000 at Lowest Rates
1st, 2nd and 3rd Mortgages
Undivided interest In estates, insurance poli-
cies, furniture or anything else
PACIFIC LOAN CO. , 646 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
• interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. .Room IB,
1st floor* Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary at; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry,, at
.lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84<)
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). '1710 Market.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest' rates. BECKER. 027 Market, room 613.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal confidential.
ORMSBY.26 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
ON- furniture, . pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
tlal. * Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
/ $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery gt. r. I.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc.: 431 California.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% . ON ' furniture and pianoa: $15 up; no re-
' moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
O*. salaries. N. Y. plan: Indorsed paper dls-
counted. . TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrctt bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sanaome st.
ON salaries without indorser: other propool-
. tlons. - S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan blir.
LOANS. money on salary: no indorser:. Eastern
plan. •-. Western Loan Co.: 30ft Phelan bids.
. ; MONEY WANTED.
LOAN of.* $700 at 2, per cent: good . securltj.
Box 3690. Call office.
$1200 WANTED on Oakland property; good se-
.. curity. Address box 3642, Call office, Oakland.
CARPET JlEATING^AND^CXEAPriNG.
SVHEN you become disgusted with poor work I
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneter Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 303-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO>, Prop. •
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2G3.
rOXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East. 120. ¦
I. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.^-^
COLU^klBLAlT^a^^nT^oTlectloir Agency, Cth
floor, 916 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys. -
GEORGE W. KELLY'S ' Agency— No charge ,
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO _ LET 1 .
A COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent $9. 1 Lombard
st, near Hyde. _
COTTAGES WASTED. .
WANTED — Small sunny cottage, large yard; ',
any part city having direct communication
with Market St. 720 Central ave.
DENTISTS.
A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It. .
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free.; pricss
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
•4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
. gas given; lady attendant. R.C.ANDERSON,
D. D. S., proprietor and manager. •
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years: crowns, $3 C0;fillings.B0c;
plates $5 full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24' Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates: see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crown. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Buph —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3: filling*:. 50c.
DR. 13. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary Bt. ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. ' H. G.
YOUKG. 1S41 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext, 50c: plates $5 up: phone Polk .1139.
DRESSMAKERS#VND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clasu- rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating.- WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat
DOG HOSPITALS.
_>^>_,.^. M^ ¦ ,....-< —
DR. CREELY'S C P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
H^ALD^SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERINGS — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
ATRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
¦ — $s per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters ; positions secured; cat. free.
S. 'F. BUS. COLLEGE, 123C Market Bt. — Big
school because It's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students,
Nine positions last week.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF* MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue < free.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER--
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
. sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
(PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 213 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18C4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
A— THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall 414>Mason st.
PIANO lessons by lady teacher: homes visited
if desired; $3 month. Address box S906, Call.
MARY P. "WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
SPANISH, French, etc. Prof. DeFillippe' s Academy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dl871;ablestprofs.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; tlay or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
. MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof.-MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business .College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
- founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. .
A — JAPANESE reliable* house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished -at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce, 415 Stock-
¦ ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming and house-
cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Of fice^Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bush st: tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
! ¦<- ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper; good worker'; first-
class- laundress; can do almost any kind of
wash; strong and willing; work by the day.
728 Howard, room 4; wages $1 25.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, economincal
cook, experienced housekeeper, used to chll-
. dren, wishes position; references; wages. $12
to $15. Box 3270, Call office.
GOOD cook will do general housework in . a
small family; small wages. 1: Hunt st. off
Third. ." ' . • .
LAUNDRY or housecleanlng by reliable
. woman; competency and satisfaction guar-
anteed. Box 3061, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS laundress or cook wants a situ-
ation; references; fare on postals;- would
work by the day. M. H.. 1024 Howard st
YOUNG German girl > wishes position in prU
vate family; wages $20. Box 3695, Call.
GOOD boarding-house cook, is good laundress
wishes situation. 246 Third st
SITUATION wanted by Scotch woman, cook or
housework in private family. 110 Fulton st.
RELIABLE woman wlsnes work by. the dav
washing, ironing and housecleaning. 585
Seventh st, .... . • '
WANTED-^Situation as ¦ companion or house-
. keeper to elderly lady by widow with daug-
ter 10 years old. Box 3684.' Call office.
EXPERIENCED maid, accustomed to travel;
best city references. Box 3680, Call. ;.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
. to $6 week; convenient and. respectable; free
bus and baggage to and:from ferry.' :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore/
EMPLOYMENT „ WAJfTED^-MALE." ,
TWO light-colored. young. men, .speaking good'
- English* want work In boarding-house or
• hotel. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610. Clay, st. -
, SITUATION •' as " head gardener '- on private
" place. ¦• Box 3962, Call. . ¦- •; •¦-.-.
BARTENDER wishes steady position; city or
. r . country; good references. . Box , 3694, Call.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL. -U ¦'"
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFl'ICnS— 5^7 Montcomery. street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hay<»6 Ftre<?t; r>i>cn until '.»:30 p. m.
t3J> McAllister ctrtet; open until 9:30 p. m.
31f> Larkln stroet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Wission street: open until 10 p. m.
22<U Market street corner Sixteenth; open
oniil f» p. m.
If>6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
JO<»6 Valencia street: onen until 9 p. m ;
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky struts; op<>n until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore ftr»Pt: open until 9 p. ra.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.
Z.. £ Pest st. — "egu'-ar assembly ftffl*
KTHIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 ffj
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All W
fraters cordially invited. By order v
of the Commander.
• HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CROCKETT Lodse No. 139, F. and A. m
M. — Officers and members . are re "«*^
quested lo attend the funeral of our It y
deceased brother. ELFERT KNOP. '?*
en FRIDAY, the Uth. at 1:30 p. m. By
order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18, X. -jjgM^.
- O. T. M.-Revlcw VHIS (FRIDAY) /^ggjit
EVENING et 8 o'clock. Pioneer £/S&f?l
. Hall. 24 Fourth Et tt&ft&SF
H. H. CASTLE.
Record Keeper.
MONTEZfMA Decree Team meets *««i^».
THIS tKRIDAY) EVENING. Pio- -i»Sr-
neer building, 8 Eiiarp.^
. NOTICE of Meeting of Stockholders— Office of
the Union Trust Company of San Francisco.
Number 2 Montgomery street, northeast cor-
ner of Montgomery and Post streets, San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 9th. 1902 — Notice is
hereby given that pursuant to a resolution
of the board of directors of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco, a corporation,
adopted on the 9th day of January. W02, at
a meeting of said board, duly held at the
"ffice of eaid company, in the- city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia, a majority of the : members
of said board being present, a meeting
of the stockholders of Bald company will be
held at the office and principal place of busi-
ness of 6aid corporation, to wit, in the rear
room on the ground floor of the building on
the northeast corner of Montgomery and Post
streets, known as No. 2 Montgomery street.
In the city and' county of San Francisco,
State of California, said building being the
building where the board of directors of said
corporation usually meet and said room be-
ing the room in said building where the
stockholders of said corporation usually meet.
on THURSDAY, the 27th day of March.
• I 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the object and
purpose of thereupon considering and voting
upon a proposition to increase the capital
stock of said corporation from $1,250,000 00
into 1250 Ehares of the par value
of $1000 O0 each ehare) to $1,500,000 00 (di-
vided into 1500 shares of the par value of
SI 000 00 each Ehare). By order of the board
¦ of directors.
T^flON TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO. *
<Eeal) By I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., in the cUy and
county of 6an Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on "WEDXESDAY. the 26th day of
February, 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock
e_ m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year.
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books -will cloee on Saturday, Feb-
ruary 15, 1902, at 12 o'clock m.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY — The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the Kil-
cuca Sugar Plantation Company will be held
et the office of the company. 327 Market St.,
ip the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February, 1902. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
> Transfer books will close on Friday. Febru-
ary 14. 1902. at S o'clock p. m.
¦ H. W. THOMAS. Secretory.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, «ent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postace paid.
.VSTKOLOCY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings
by mail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
irages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges ; open eve's; call or write.
' ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bills of sale;partner-
thlps; deeds: -wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
cgssful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market et. opp. Mason.
X-. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldsr.,927 Mar-
ket ct. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BIRDS,^ DOGS, ETC
WARBLING canaries and all kinds -of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
cases, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 15*6 Market, bet. 8th& 9th.
FOR CHILDREN.
BERKELEY — Good home for children; near
. school; ?8 up. 2127 Prince Et
BOOKS— NEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes, 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thlngout; agency Columbia Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing, beds, pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BL'SIXESS CHANCES. ~
A — $650; CORNER saloon on choicest part of
..Montgomery st-: place paying; first-class;
rood fixtures: large stock. For particulars
gee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
$S50 — HOME restaurant and delicatessen store;
2 rooms; rent $30: near Geary and Leaven-
worth ets.; a good paying business; rare
chance for man and wife. Apply R. G.
WILKE. g6^ Kearny st.
A — $S00; • DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Hayes St.; rent $20; living rooms; good
busiKtcs. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $450: RESTAURANT en Fourth st, close
to Market; rent $;$0; good paying business;
value in sicht. Call R. G. WILKE, 20*4
Kearny et
A— $3000; DRY goods and notions store; best
location; stock will Invoice the price; sicklies
compels owner to leave the city. Call R. G. !
WILKE. 2C^4 Kearny st.
A — $750; SALOOJC established years; close to
Kearny and Bush sts. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st;
A — $450; COFFEE taloon and restaurant on.
• Fourth et.; rent $25; daily receipts about
$25: owner to -leave for Nevada. Cal R.- G.
WILKE, 2C% Kearny Et.
A — ?GO0; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters ; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny.
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stocU at Invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. ,G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st-
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
foon. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — CALIFORNIA Halrdressing College: 2
rooms nicely furnished; will stay one week
¦with buy^r. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third «t.
A — HOTEL with first-class bar; 57 rooms; cen-
trally located; best buy in the city; $65C0.
ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st
A — CIGAR stand on Third st. : this is a bar-
gain; $125. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st
FOR sale — Saloon in Mission; sold on account
of removal; this U a bargain; price $400.
ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st. • -.
"FOR sale — Saloon on Market st-; transfer cor-
ner; fgll stocked. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771
8 Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses. . grocery
rtores. cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases
Money to loan on any of the above.
A — $250; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
, no • experience required; trial given before
¦ buying. 25 Geary st.. room 4.
PARTNER to buy \U interest in corner gro-
. eery and bar: established 10 yearn; amount
"required $1000; value In sight. Aoply HOL-
; TUM BROS.. 545 Market St. . , -
STANTON & LILLIS. 777% Market; tel. Black
4497— Buy. sell and exchange lodging-houses
I and. business, places in all parts of city. .
A CHANCE to make money. I have the saf-
est and surest way to win at the races; In-
vestigate. MME. BERNARD. 17 Third et.
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $«
daily. Aek C. L. HEDGES, 462 Parrctt bldg.
FOR «ale— Saloon in' Vallejo: one of the best
stands. - Particulars at 312 Battery st.
J1ONOPOLY— A rare business chance. Han-
cock House, room 19. ' ,
JJ^MPLO YaiENT WANTED — MAIB; ;
SITUATION~wanted by a~gardener~whp knows
* his 1 business; private or ranch foreman; _ or-
chard, vines, grafting, pruning; propagation,
horses, cows, etQ.; ref.. 6 years. Southern
Congressman; ref.. 3 years private place; rer..
2 years nursery work; ref 3 years foreman
gardener , park. .: J. S. . S09 Mission st.. a. * .
YOUNG married man desires position as driver
' of- laundry wagon- .6 -years' experience as
• driver of milk wagon; first-class reference:
state Inducements. Box 3912, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to do llsht work for a
good home; please state age of children, ir
any.. Box -3911. Call. •
BARKEEPER, good experience and reference,
wishes steady position: city or -country; not
afraid of work.- • Box 3700, Call.' -'
A YOUNG man 20 years, wishes position In
grocery or barroom; 2 years' experience; has
first-class references. ' Box 3963, Call.
A YOUNG German wishes a position as driver;
i well-- acquainted with the city. Box 3695,
Call office. . . ¦
STOUT young man wants work of any kind;
good references. Address W. M.. box 3903,
Call office. .- I
WANTED— Work by good carpenter and box-
maker. Box 3697, Call. .
BUTCHER, 'good all-round man, wants a
place; hotel or restaurant. - Box 3916. Call.
GERMAN, 38 years old, married, wishes sltua-
¦ tion as saloon porter; good references; wages
$25 to $30; handy all around. Address box
3005, Call office. - ,
SITUATION wanted by an assistant pharma-
cist of 0. years' experience; good references.
Address "PILLS," 152S Polk st.
YOUNG man who is desirous of learning elec-
' trlcal and civil engineering would like posi-
tion with some good establishment. Box
3099, Call office. -
A YOUNG Frenchman who can speak Spanish,
and English wishes situation in private fam-
ily to wait at table. Address S. J., 519
Jackson 1 st.
FIRST-CLASS flange turner and general boll-
ermaker wishes situation out of San Fran-
cisco; rood reference and Is now working.
. Apply Steady Work. 500 Kearny st.
A YOUNG man of previous experience who- de-
sires to finish trade would like work as
helper in retail candy factory. Address L.
S.. 205 Third st, room 30. ;
YOUNG mechanic with brains is open for po-
sition to take charee In machine shop or
commercially on road. Box 3947. Call office.
POSITION as porter, wrapper or assistant
packer by March 1. 'Address N. LINTON,
435M, -Minna st . . '•
BUTTER-MAKER from East wants position
In creamery; 5 years' experience In operating
creameries. Eox 3GS7. Call office. .
YOUNG man desires a position as bookkeeper;
has a knowledge of stenography. Address
box 3210, Call.
EXPERIENCED invalids' nurse wants posi-*
tion: reasonable; good reference. S10 Tele-
graph ave., Oakland.
A YOUNG Japanese -wants a position at
chamber work; $6 we'ek up. I. S., box 3913,
. Call office. .
JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest, wishes po-
sition as a schoolboy. D. TAKIMURA, S07
Polk. st. ;
YOUXG. Japanese boy wants a position at
housework or to assist In cooking. Box 3902.
Call office. •
'CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions .has been established at 1096
. Valencia Bt. .
.*"'.'¦¦ F . Ii : 4 : TS TO LET#
A — MARINE, view; new; 2922 Pacific ave.;
sunny side; swell location; 8 rooms and bath.
NINTH, 404 — Xlce flat of 7 rooms and bath'.
FLATS TO LET — FURXISHED.
MODERN newly furnished five-room flat for
sale cheap. C47 Ellis st. .
MATS . KOIl SALE KU11MSHBB.
NICELY furnished sunny S-room flat for sale.
324 Ellis st. . '
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED at once — A nicely furnished ' sunny
flat of 5 or 0 rooms for 3 adults. In nice
locality. Address box 3904, Call office.
"WANTED — Unfurnished modern flat of 7 rooms
or 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms within 8 blocks
of Emporium. Address box 3950. Call office.
- FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES- incorporated,' promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — "We
have 42 offices in operation; ne-sv method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies- Incor-
porated; stocks. and bonds underwritten. Call
or address -main office, 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
. FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 DO, with Xo. 7
range.. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE for sale; U-room flat; cheap.
Apply 1031 Market st, room 6. ¦ V
' FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
MRs?^r^Er^ATX^rrrrrjPh^nT > Mim*~i575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
15 ; waitresses and chambermaids. Southern
California, $20, half fare both- ways: 12
waitresses, city and country, $20 and $25; 4
waitresses, new hotel, $25; 3 chambermaids
to wait, $20. , " , ¦
...:.... FAMILY - DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30, American family; waitress, same
place, no chamber work, $20; second girl, 2
In family, $20; 3 second girls, $20; houseglrl,
city and country, $20-$25; middle-aged lady
who wants good' home In country, small
wages.
MRS.' M. E. DAY & CO ..335 Geary st.
A COOK for 12 people, Mendoclno County, $35,
see party here
10 waitresses, new hotel, city. " $25
30 waitresses, city and country $20-$25
. Waitress. . nurses' hall $20
Chambermaids arid fancy ironers and wait-
resses, Southern California, rate fares ! both
ways; places for all kinds of help in private
families; best of wages
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED — 3 cooks, little wash. $30; cook for
Los Gatoa, fare paid, $25; Santa Cruz, see
• lady here, $25; nursery governess, $20; cham-
bermaid, rwait one meal, $20; nursegirl, 2
boys. .$25; man and wife for chicken ranch,
. $50; 4 waitresses, ' country hotels. $20,~ $25;
dishwasher, institution, "$20; waitress, insti-
tution. $20; 50 girls for all kinds of house,
work, city and , near, by towns. -Apply, to J.
- F; CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter. st.
A WOMAN to take charge of children's dining-
_ room in institution near city $25, board,
room and laundry. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont st: no experience
¦ necessary; good pay; steady work. Apply
to -MR. DAVIS.
GIRL general housekeeping and cooking; no
| window. cleaning; small washing. 1303 Oc-
tavla Bt. .-.-•. • .•¦-¦_ ¦¦•-
NURSEGIRL, with references. 2643 Bryant
St.. near .Twenty-fifth. ¦
GIRL to work In dining-room in a small res-
taurant. 610 Stanyan st *
MIDDLE-AGED woman, assist housework. S8.
Apply 1314 Jackson Bt.
AN excellent opportunity for a business woman
' ! to take hold of a remunerative proposition.
Box 3907, Call. • ; . i ¦
A GOOD Japanese girl wanted for housework
-and plain cooking in a good ¦ family. Call at
427 Stevenson st. . ¦ ¦ . ¦
WANTED— Manicure anil hairdresser. - 1030
. .. , Market st. ,. . . . -
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and care
of children. 1122 Noo st. ¦; -.
GIRL to assist with work; help take care of
children; sleep .home.' $15. :. 1410- Buchanan:
WANTED— Young woman' for plain cooking
and kitchen work; private family. 2900 Bush.
WOMAN i to . do washing and house cleaning.
1722 Pacific ave.. lower door. ' ' ..
A; GIRL for light' housework and. take care of
child. ,1632 McAllister.
WANTED— Girl 'for cooking and . house-
work; no washing. 215 Hayes.- . : •-.-•;
WANTED— Experienced Ironers. ..' OAKLAND
LAUNDRY. CO., 690 29th st. , '. Oakland. ;
GOOD maker and apprentice wanted In milli-
-nery store at 602 McAllister St. -¦.,.- ; .
GIRLS from 15 to 17 f or . factory wort ; apply
. at once., AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento.
A" GERMAN woman as "governess;* state . re-
ligion ;• salary. $30., Box 2994, Call.
BUSINESS CCTAN'CES — -ContliiTiea. '
JOSEPH STRAUB. o , .,, ' "
650 Market st. cor. Stockton^_
Telephone Grant In.:
Real Estate Agent. • . •'
Property bought and Bold. .
Rents collected. ¦ . .
Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business .
Do you want to sell your business or do you
•want a partner for Legitimate business call .
on above address. . _^___ '
WANTED— Partner with $500 in good bu«l- .
ness; money can be paid back in one month; .
no experience: no risks: Investigate. • L.,
room 218. Emma Spteckels building. !
RESTAURANT — Must sell this week: receipts
$20 a day; connected with 50-room house; in-
vestigate. M. Turman & Co., 439 Farrott bldg.
WANTED— Party with* from $2000 to $3000
to Invest in a new business; profits 200 per
cent; no competition; will stand the. closest ,
Investigation; no one but those who mean
business need answer. Box 3959. Call.
OUR "Compounding System." of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever .
devised: average monthly profits ever SO per
cent: explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO., j
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st
A BARGAIN — Grocery, branch bakery and
bar; two living rooms; established 16 years;
doing good business; cheap rent; must sell
on account of sickness. Call 065 Mission st.
SALOON, corner lot, property, stock and flxt- .
ures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL,
Paso Roblec Cal.
RESTAURANT: great sacrifice; good trade;
going to Europe on account of sickness.
Box 3C34, Call. '_
CIGAR stand for sale. 1446 Market St., $300;
one of the best In city. '
FOR sal«> — Route on this paper in business part
of city. 1S30 Market Bt.
$500 — CIGAR store at Point Richmond; a bar-
galn. GIBB & CO.. Eastyard P. O.
SALOON for sale on Third st, bet Market and
Mission; price $1400. Box 3901. Call. .
PARTNER for restaurant doing good business.
For particulars, 1547 Mission st ¦¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES SALE.
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list at lodging-houses ax my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please, call.
SAMPLES NORTH OF MARKET.
14 r.; corner; rent $40; elegant $950
50 r.; corner; rent $100; clears $156.... 2800
40 r.; 1 floor: 20 windows on 3 streets;
rent only $75; 6-year lease; respectable. 2SO0
20 r.; 2 floors; rent $50; fine bay- wind.. 1050
12 r.; 2 floors; rent $36; clears $35 mo.. 300
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market st 1026 Market st
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)'
20 rooms; rent $60; this house is a money-,
maker; price $1050, part cash.
31 rooms; rent $100: offices; a No. 1 location;
part cash; price $2100.
44 rooms; rent $100; new furniture and car-
pets; 2 floors; part cash; price $1600.
29 rooms; rent $75; offices; Market st; part
cash; price $1400.
H. C. DECKER 1020 Market st
Phone Mint 796 Before Buying.
t ' French Spoken.
24 rooms; Geary: owner sick; bargain. .$1750
30-roora hotel and bar; rent $125; snap.. 2000
3S rooms; Market st 2000
14 rooms; owner retiring 350
17 rooms; Sixth st. ; only 750
21 rooms; rent $45 850
19 rooms; transient; make offer
20 rooms; Turk; transient; just listed.. 1000
SPECIAL.
This office will be closed until Monday—
17th
RETSLOFF & CO., 906- Market st
A— McDANIEL, SKIRM & CO., ~~ ~~
993 Market rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location: 'on Market st. ; only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only: modern building; must sell.
18 rooms- transient; clears $100 month; cen-
trally located;, two rooms pays rent; good (
furniture. T ;
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
KiO Market et (Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ¦
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business ,
to sell, list with us; buyers call: we can suit i
you- have bargains in hotels, lodging-bouses, j
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market; phone Red 3433.
Buyers for lodging houses; call and see our
large list, from $300 to $6000; fair and hon-
est trade: sellers list your houses with us
for quick sale.
A NOTICE — We have < rooming-houses, all
cizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
A — 22 LODGING-HOUSES for sale; from $S00
up. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
11 ROOMS; elegant new furniture; sunny flat;
bargain. 823B Sutter St.. 1-2 p. m.
14 R.— Velvet carpets, elegantly fur.; worth
$3000; sell less than $2000 cash. 3701. Call.
~~ ~ SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's' famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun., 8 p.m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. 3'. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
A — PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st; readings dally,
50c and $1; circle every night, 10c.
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing seance Fri-
day and Sunday evenings only. 325 Ellis st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-nleht; also Sun.;
reliable tests; 10c; readings, 50c-$l. 132 6th.
MRS. VAtEEN, medium and palmist, will
guide you right; 50c. 1583 Market, near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, S35 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A. . i .'....>. 6^^50c^50c. —A
PROF. BROCKWAY. Prof. Brockway,
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough.
Offers for a short time only, readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 8 p. m. daily; Sundays, 10 a. m,
to 12 p. m.
Scientific and Expert v Life Reader. '
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,'
interest manifested »in each individual case,
round advice and counsel are not equaled in
this city at any figure. Piof. Brockway tells
you what you want to know, eliminating all
uninteresting features and not tiring you
with matters entirely Irrelevant to the case
in hend. as has been the -case In readings
you have h3d in the past Prof. Brockway
reads your past present and future.
. 50c — 50c — 50c.
MME. M. BERNARD, "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 ' Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569. *
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance <
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clalrvoyant.tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or .wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 2ir>Vi 6th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, lo a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 32QA Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal se*r; reads your life correctly without
. ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant. - water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1503
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
. : or no pay; 50c. $1. 234& Sixth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
60c, $1 — Prof. Weller, clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader;mall orders;stamp for clrc. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, callrvoyant and
spirit card resder; consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell!
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS..
ALL makes; rent $2 up. credited If purchased:
Installments £> up: old pianos bought and
exchanged; bargains $25 up In Steinway.
Heine. Chlckering. etc.; agents panted for
Krell Heine. Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount it you caa
Dfcy $25 down and $lo a month; som» new
pianos for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. 21T
Geary st. . * -
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both" new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most rellabl*
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $K- per month; some good
pianos for $3 $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAY & CO., Stelaway dealers. cor»»r
Kearny and Sutter sts San Francisco; cor-
cer Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oakland.
6OHMER & CO. Pianos. -
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos. V.
BPEILMANN Pianos. \j
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER. • /: -"*
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 PJ«t rt.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand ' upright pianos from $55 up.
Eecond-hand. square pianos from $50 up. -
Eecond-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianoa from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
. SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos. _^
A FINE assortment of. good second-hand up-
rights are on hand for you to select from.
The prices are low, the quality excellent. W«
have many new D«:kers, Wissners. Baumeis-
ters and others. Payments accepted If you
desire to buy that way. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us takan back any tlm»
withlii 2 years and full purchase, price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price ; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrall
¦t; established 1850. .
A FINE largo upright. $150: a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
In use only a few months. $275: new piano*
to rent $3 50; squares. $1 50 and $2: Beck-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
BON, 23 5th st.. agta for Ivera & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize Immediate cash:
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go; easy payments: other storage uprights $40
up. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
OUR pianos the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best In the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co., 931 Market st. -^
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood big.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice rail-sized
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. 1729 Mlssn.
STILL renting new pianoa, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes at.
$175 — A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lathan place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE for rent In Napa— The large stora
fronting on both Main and Brown streets:
the best located atora In Napa; now occupied
by Thompson. Beard & Sons; will be for
rent on 15th March. Address W. W.
THOMPSON. Napa. Cal.
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg. 927 Market St.; of-
fices with light, heat and janitor. $15 to $20. .
ASHTON & GARDINER. •
LOFT, light and airy. 25x100. with water and
gas; suitable for light manufacturing-; rens
SIS. WM. LOANE, plumber. 43Q Fifth St.
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny st. ; $10;
also large store. Keys gtfl Clay st. room 1.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order: all
«lz»«i: rhean. W. S. WTTTTT:. Sift Mission St.
PAI\TER9 AXD DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. : tel. Red 3521.
Papering room. $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
Bor.ble. Palnt°r. . r i02 Stanyan: tel. Park 15.
PALMISTRY.
CHIROLOGICAL College, Branch 2 — Character
reading and palmistry taught. MRS. WM.
McMANUS. 731 Guerrero; phone Church 3CS5.
itklE. G. L. NEEKGAARD reads 1 toT 700
Post st.. aorner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel.r.lark .161.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly: L. LEilOS, 1117 Market
st, between Seventh and Eighth.
MECHANIC of middle age. having some means,
would llks to make the acquaintance of a
respectable woman from SO to 40 years of
age: object, matrimony. Box 3960. Call.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 SO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office, 1021 Market. nr.6tlu
A— WHAT do you think O. BERMAN. 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley, 1702 Market.
A school to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
louring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market
bet Polk and Van Ness. MIS3 A. V. DOYLE.
FIRST-CLASS champoo for 50c; hair dried
with warm air In 10 minutes; hair dressing
25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call oa
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O" Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. MRS. M. Harris. 426 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna »t.
"WANTED — ANNIE McDONALD of Bothwell.
Ont. Can.; news -from home. Box 36S9, Call.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,U70 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with,
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
Superfluous hair & moles destroyed with electric
needle; trial free. Mme. Bollng. 4O7B Hyde.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vlda Company. 763
Valencia st, corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion:
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter: tel. Larkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes. • play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal cos turner, 2tt O'Farrell: -country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 CO; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
ABSOLUTELY FREE CONSULTATION— All
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR,
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk st., corner Mason, i
A— DR. OLIVE GKUVER. lady physician and
inrgeon. at 1122 Market st : hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021*4 Market gt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY-OWNERS A. CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect It 60o a foot up:
expert In curing smoking or faulty flues;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
- tractor brick and concrete work: foundation j
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. BMITB. 2933 Mission, or box 260. 313 Bc3h.
" PROPOSALS. ——
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks
Wash.. February 10, 1902. — Sealed proposala.
In triplicate, will be received here until 11
a. m.. March 11. 1902, and then opened for
the construction at Fort Wright. Wash, of
one double barrack building, brick. For full
Information, plans and specifications apply
to this office. U. S. reserves right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for construc-
tion of buildings at Fort Wright. Wash. "
S?S«f d £ n ?? e « to undersignad. J. W. JA-i The ; steamship '. Spokane arrived yester
dav from San Diego, completing ; her sec
ond-round trip. Captain .Alexander ex
presses himself as being, well pleased with
the/new vessel.; Among the passengers
was Deputy Sheriff Fred Jennings of San
Diego," in charge of C. , 1». » de Forrest', a
prisoner en route to San Quentin/
Spokane Gives Satisfaction.
The Building, Trades, Council has adopt
ed resolutions 'declaring .that [ W. C. • Cole
and E. 1 L.. Malsbury were . not "authorized
to i represent "". that 'body at' the antl-Chl
nese mass meeting : held : in ' Metropolitan
Temple last Saturday, night and disclaim
ing,; responsibility for 'anything that may
have been done; by; them. •'.-:
Building Trades Not, Represented.
- When Louisa Llnde of 643 Third street
disappeared from : her home recently her
mother • expressed the opinion that she
had been enticed away .by Fred Howes,
an employe on a~ steamer v running be
tween San , Francisco and : Seattle. Since
the girl's return . It has : been ascertained
that Howes had no * connection with her
disappearance - ; nor . knowledge of her
whereabouts. " .
Fred Howes Wrongfully Accused.
Honi William ; G. Ewing, ex-Judge of
the Superior Courtof Chicago and former
ly United States District 'Attorney-f or Illi
nois, now a prominent lecturer for;- the
Christian Science cause," Is making a sec
ond, lecture tour throughout ' California.
"Christian Science: ¦ Physician and -Re
deemer" is the subject of. his free lecture
to be given next Sunday: at 3 ( p/ m/- in
Metropolitan Temple under ; the auspices
of theFirst Church of: Christ, Scientist.
Christian Science Lecture.
The . Manufacturers', and Producers' As
sociation is ,. in receipt of information to
the effect that^ the United States Fish
Commissioner has withdrawn his opposi
tion to the establishments of h hatchery
for ,the propagation of 'cod :: in Alaskan
waters. It Is also stated that the Senate
Committee on Fisheries ; will recommend
a bill which - provides an • appropriation
for this purpose. . Thi3 news is highly
gratifying to the members of the asso
ciation, who have -labored earnestly to
ward the end that th.e Alaskan cod fish
eries might become a. mor? . important
factor in the commerce of the Pacillc
Coast. . ¦ .¦ ¦-,,. -
Aid for Alaskan Codfisheries.
¦• Fifth race, mile and a • sixteenth, , selling —
Jessie Jarboe won. Annoy second. Major M&nslr
third.- Time, 1:48. ,
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Nyx
¦won.- Lady Kent second. Pharaoh third. Time
1:28. „ i
, - Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs — Sevoy
¦won, Andes second. Pigeon Post third.' Time.
l:13%.v -
Third race, seven . furlongs, sailing — Eight
Bells von. Radiant Heat second. Judge Magee
third. Time-. 1:29. • ,
. Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— Parnassus won, . Dr. Hart second. Earnest
Farham third. Time. 1:22.
First race, mile and seventy yards, selling
—Me Williams " won, . Hayward Hunter second.
Locust Blossom third. Time, 1 :5»S. ¦ .
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 13. — Crescent City
summary:
New Orleans Racing.
Selections for To-Day.
.First Race — Tibs. Annie Max, KnocHings.
. Second Race — Vasallo. Grafter, Rushflelds.
Third Race^ — Midnight Chimes. Eldred,
Quiz ¦ II.
; Fourth Race — Sharp Bird, Cuban Girl, Colo
nel Ballantyne.
Fifth Race — Formero. Flamero. Constable.
Sixth Race — Gusto. Galanthus, Dunblane.
F. E. Booth ; Barthold & Relmers ; Brigham,"
Hoppe & Co. : Blum & Co. ; Cressy, Voorhies
& Co. ; Dodge, Sweeney & Co.; Dairymen's
Union of California; M. T. Freltas & Co.; Gets
Bros. & Co.; Fred.B. Haight; Hills Bros.;
Hilmer & Bredhoff;: Hermann Joost; Luman,
Martinelll & Creon; A. L. Lundy Co.; Martin,
Dangers, Carara & Co. ; Morris Bros & Cm. ;
Marshall & Reimers ; Norton," Teller & Roden ?
J. H. Newbauer & Co. ; - O'Callaghan, Nelson
& Co. ; W. - H. Roussel & Co. ; Russ, Early &
Harville; F. W.-Read; Schui«, Niggle & Co.;
H N. Tilden & Co.; Wheaton, Pond & Hanold;
Witzel & Baker; Von Ronn, Lorsbach ' & Co.
The members are
President. F. W. Van Slcklen: vice president,
W. H. Roussel: secretary, S. F. Scott; treas
urer Thomas Hodge; board of directors— F. . E.
BriBham. F. B. Haight, T. Hodge, I. Phillips,
F-.L. Hilmer, W. H. Rousael, F. W. Van
Sicklen.- '•.>;¦,•< ': f: . - -
The exchange will begin operations next
Monday under the new auspices, when the
call board will go into effect. The officers
and directors of the new exchange are as
follows: ~ x Vy-;v . : .^v,. ;.;::
Finance and auditing — W. • H. Roussel, F.'
_ Hilmer, F. B. Haight; executive commit
tee F. W. Van Slcklen, Thomas Hodge, ' I.
Phillip's F. E. Brigham, W. H. Roussel; trade
and commerce — F. E. Brigham, ' F. HarvllK,
F V Nelson, Ed Luhrman, A. Lorsbach; mem
bership — F. B. Haight, J. Newbauer, F. W.
Read.;J. Wetzel,; S.Martin. :^ : ; '
The San Francisco Dairy Exchange has
p'repared to enlarge the scope of Its oper
ations. The original Dairy Exchange was
organized in December, 1900, but was not
Incorporated. While it embraced a large
proportion of the wholesale dairy and. egg
houses of the city, there were a few that
were not members. An Incorporation has
just been effected, and every wholesale
house in San Francisco interested in the
dairy business Is now on the membership
list. -At a meeting yesterday committees
were elected, of .which the following are
the more important:
Wholesale Houses in the Busi
",.,"/. ness Become Members. Ai/;
Committees . Are Named and All
NEW DAIRY EXCHANGE
PREPARES TO: OPERATE
CHICAGO, Feb. 13.— The swimming rec
ord for . forty yards was broken at the
Sportsman's show to-night by three-fifths
of a second. William Tuttle of the Illi
nois Naval Militia covered the distance
In 23 1-5 seconds, lowering . the American
record, - which was held by Schaeff er of
Philadelphia. Tuttle was racing with
Frank Kehoe. The 500-yard open scratch
race resulted: Howard F. Brewer, Olym
pic Club, San Francisco, first; Joseph W.
Spencer, Columbia University, second.
Time. 7 minutes. .
Brewer-Wins Again.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. M. Day, a Woodland banker, is at the
Lick'.
' Harry Leonard, a merchant of Holllster,
is a guest at the Russ.
Ernest F. Tamm. a merchant of Los
Gatos, is at the Lick.
J. H. Farley") an attorney of Hanf ord,
is a guest at the Russ. /
H. C. Merceneau, a tobacco man of El
mira, N. Y., is at the Lick.
C. 1 E. Lenkhan, a lumber merchant of
Red Bluff, is at the Grand.
J. F. Waterhouse, a mining man of
Golden Trout, is registered at the Grand.
.L. C. Nash, a prominent business man
of New York, is at the Palace with his
wife.
Charles E. Sweezy, an attorney of
Marysville, Is among the arrivals at the
Grand.
Colonel William. McCammon, com
mander of Benicia Barracks, is at the
Occidental.
J. A. Murray, a well-known mining man
of Montana, is at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife.
Colonel W. Forsyth, a manufacturer of
raisins at Fresno, is at the Occidental
with his wife.
J. Lc Butler, the original discoverer of
the Tonopah mining district, is at the
Buss with. his wife.
Don H. Porter, proprietor of the Hotel
Kenyon at Salt Lake, is a guest at tho
Occidental. His wife accompanies him.
Leo Schwabacher, wholesale grocer of
Seattle, is at the Palace. He ia touring
California with his wife on their honey
moon. . : - .
J. McCudden, the well-known naval con
tractor of Vallejo, is spending a few days
at the Grand, accompanied by his
daughter. . v •; ¦ * '
Jesse D. Carr, the ( well-known cattle
raiser of Salinas, is up here on a short
business trip. /He has made his head
quarters at the Lick. _,
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.-The following
Calif omians arrived in New York to-day
and registered as follows:
From San Francisco— W. Bockar, at the
Cosmopolitan; R. Oppenheimer and wife
at the Savoy; C. W. Bigelow. T* C. Big
elow, G. A. Bigelow, A. S. Bigelow and
J. R. Morrison, at the Astor; Miss I. E
Connor, at the Gllsey; A. H. Martin, at
the Herald Square; H. Benson, A. L
Keith and J. H. Keith, at the Grand
From Los Angeles— W..T. Bishop, at the,
Holland; W. 8. Tupper, at the Herald
Square. • . /
Calif omians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Feb. . 13.-The . follow
ing-named Callfornlans registered at the
hotels to-day: At. the Ebbett,' William E.
Pettes; at the Raleigh, W. B. Cope of
San Francisco. . •¦ • , - , •. .
Gross Booked for Forgery.
. Charles Gross, the attorney, who was
arrested in • Oakland Wednesday night by
Detective Whlttaker, was booked at , the
City Prison , yesterday on the chartre of
forgery. He is accused of erasing the
name of Ann Kinsella off a certificate of
deposit, -Inserting his own name . and
drawing the amount, more than $600, from
a bank in Oakland. -¦ . •¦
Paulist Fathers to Give Mission.
¦Fathers Smith, Wyman and Hopper of
the Church of the Holy Redeemer, Elght
the Paulist Order ; will open. a mission In
eenth and Diamond streets.: on » Sunday
next. rServiceti will be : held every morn
ing and. evening for two weeks.. The first
week's* services will be for women , and
those of tb« second week for men. •
NEW BRITAIN, Conn., Feb. 13.— George
Dixon was given th« decision on points
to-night- at the National Athletic Club
over Chic Turner of New York in a twen
ty-round bout.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 13.— Austin Rice out
pointed Tim Callahan in a- fifteen-round
contest at the West End Club to-night.
The sale of. seats for the^feill-Thurston
bout at the Reliance Club, Oakland, to
night indicates a big attendance. Both
men have trained, faithfully for the go,
and each claimed to be able to better than
fight a draw, as they did last Fourth ~bf
July. Preliminary to the, main event there
will be a six-round contest between Louie
Long,, the promising Reliance Club young
ster, and Ed McDonald of the -San Fran
cisco Athletic ( Club, and one between
Bobby Johnson of the Bay City Club and
Willie Borne of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club.
Neill and Thurston Fight.
Edward Dobson. the colored pugilist,
who is known as the "Alligator Kid," and
Mamie Jones, ,a young colored woman,
appeared before Judge : Mogan yesterday
on a charge of vagrancy and Mamie faced
the - further charge . of disturbing the
peace. •; The ¦ evidence . showed that Dobson
and Mamie had been enjoying noodle soup
in a restaurant on Pacific street son the
night of February 4 and when they '¦ left
the restaurant - met another colored
couple."' A fight ensued between the
couples' and -Dobson and Mamie were ar
rested by Policeman Cavanaueh, the other
two : making - their escape. : Mamie was
convicted on both charges, but Dobson
was dismissed, the Judge advising him .to
keep away from such .women as Mamie.
Pugilist Dobson in Trouble.
After carefully considering the situa
tion the . management of Oakland track
announced, yesterday that. there would
be no racing at Tanf oran Park. Secre
tary Price said 90 per cent of the horse
men and the general public, too, for that
matter, favored Oakland, owing to * the
superior transportation facilities, and that
the association sought to ¦ please Its
patrons.. , \ . - -
. Mat Storn,' the veteran turfman, Is out
again after another serious siege of ill
ness. Mat was congratulated on all sides
at the track yesterday by his legion of
friends.
Quite a delegation of horsemen watched
some of the principal | Burns handicap
candidates receive their ! final "prep" at
Ingleside track yesterday, each .beinsr
sent the ' full distance, one and a quarter
miles. Nones stepped it. off .in 2:09%, All
Green 2:15, Black Dick 2:15, Corrigan
2-11M,,' Articulate 2:1%' Greyfeld 2;10 and
Joe Frey 2:12%. " The Fretter has ; been
keyed up for the race. at Oakland and has
been doing, nicely. Frangible, another
Track Notes.
Winnie O'Connor . scored about as he
pleased with Nilgar, favorite for the final
mile and fifty yard affair. Mission took
the place, two lengths ahead of Merops. x
About all the books could . sell . in the
betting on the Futurity course sprint was
Sea Lion, the odds falling faster than
mercury in a Dawson City thermometer
from' 9 to, 5 to 4 to 5. From twos the price
about . Clarando," even though ridden by
O'Connor, soared to three 'and up
ward '" Lee " Jackson on Sea Lion did
not get away well, but by dint of hard
riding got to the front in the stretch,
downing the 15 to 1 shot Scallywag with
out effort. ; '
Johnny Humphrey s Maraschino met an
ordinary crowd of three-year-olds in tne
fourth^race and, a 3 to 5 favorite, was.
never ..extended. Bassenzo, a 10 to 1
outsider, led out Senator Bruce for the
place.. The winner had Jackson in the
eaddle. . ' „ ¦
Patsy Dolan, the half-breed mare from
somewhere in the "bush" country, was
the warmest kind of a tip for the five
furlong scramble, closing a slight favor
ite over Alzura. Although Patsy otit
broke the bunch, her reign as a leader
did not last long. Troxler on Alzura went
to the front when ready, skipping over
the line two lengths before Foul Play
and Ural. • J.
It' seemed to be no stable secret that
Georgie West was a good one, for when
the odds on the two-year-old dash were
chalked up the ' filly ' from the Chinn &
Forsythe stable opened equal favorite
with Mi Reina. Later her price dropped
to 6 to 5. Johnny Woods rode the. good
thing, and getting away well soon. took
the lead, winning easily from the poorly
ridden Mi Reina. • Jennie McGowan, the
Schreiber entry, ran third.
Tiu.ji course at Oakland yesterday
was of the speckled variety ; that
is, dry, heavy and muddy in
spots, and a rider had to use the
discretion and skill of a White
Horse Rapids pilot to land his mount
winner at the wire. Even under these
adverse conditions four favorites and two
second choices earned purses, which
speaks well for form.
February with Howsoh on her back
and second choice in the betting scamp
ered In the" easiest sort of a winner for
the Introductory sprint. Monda, the luke
warm : favorite, displayed some early
speed and then faded away. Troxler
astride the 15 to 1 shot Rushflelds beat
Phil Archibald for the place/ ".
Sixth Race — Six and a half furlongs, selling;
three-year-olds and upward:- .
3290 Galanthus ...100 3273 Cora Forster 97
2261 Dunblane ....112 3266 Gusto 112
3279 Bard - Burns. .109
Fifth* Race — One mile, selling; three-year
olds and upward:
(3292)Flamero .....107 3108 Sam Green ..108
3293 Phil ArchibaldlOO (3278>The Gafflr ..102
3240 Ting-a-Ltng ..100 (3280)Formero 107
3273 Constable - : . . 03 3279 Barnato . 10"*
3297 Sand de Le«. 85
Fourth Race — Seven furlongs, selling: four
year-olds and upward:
32S5 Kickumbob ..109. 3281 Ida. Chief 11.106
8298 Mission ...... 109 1 327» Geo. Dewey 100
8269 Ravino . .. .. .100! 3295 Gibraltar ...."ll2
3228 M. L.Rothsc'dlOO 3142 C. Ballantyne.103
(3215)Sharp Bird....ll2l 3184 Cuban Girl ..104
.... Accompt 97 3251 Talma. 103
2784 Loving Cup. .101 j (3269) Eldred 97
3298 Quiz II ...„.'. 90 3275 Rinaldo 103
32U7 Patsy Dolan.. 101U281 Kath. Ennls.. 97
S292 Casdale 1031 3036 Mid. Chimes. J01
Third Race^-Five and a half furlongs sell
ing;- four-year-olds and upward: , " *
Second Race — Seven furlongs, selling; three
year-olds and "upward:
%£?• £. ra ." er ••••"••HI 3293 William P ..109
3276 Tufts 99 S27B Vasallo ... 94
S293 Rushfields 1..114 3293 Intrada " "lou
3240 Expedient ...114 '
..:. Lana ....... ..107 3209 Ster Towers 107
3253 Clear Sky ..107 24U8 AtnipapT.^.lOT
3263 Knockings ...112 3282 OratoWsa .....107
.... lm. M. SchulzlOT S2U3 Tibs . 112
32S2 Annie Max ..112
likely starter, worked one and »three
eighths miles yesterday in 2:24.
Lee Jackson piloted two winners yes
terday.
Roscoe Troxler rode another winner in
Alzura. There is certainly now some
hope for Tom Sharkey if he tacklea
Champion Jim Jeffries again..
From -the present outlook to-morrow's
line-up in the big handicap will be about
as follows: ;, Nones 119, Nash Turner-
Joe Frey 113, , J. Woods; Articulate 112,
Birkenruth; All Green 112, Bullman; The
Fretter 108, Troxler; Black Dick 107. T.
Burns; Greyf eld 106, ; Obia 105 •
Horton 104, Hoar; Scotch Plaid 103, -•
Diderot 102, O'Connor; Corrigan 100 J
Ransch; Eonic 98, L. Jackson; Frangible
92, Redfern. If All Green should not bo a
starter Bullman will ride Articulate and
Birkenruth will pilot Greyfeld. It was
supposed that O'Connor would have the
mount on Obia, but yesterday the report
gained credence that Winnie la to ride
Diderot.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: -
First Race— Fire and a hair furlongs sell-
Ing; three-y tar-old maiden fillies:
¦"Joe" Gtoddard and ; "Jim" Neil ac
knowledged that the National and Pacific
Coast clubs have no gymnasium and no"
members. Supervisor Curtis held that the
law should be complied with, and moved
that the permit be granted to the Hayes
Valley Club. Eggers moved that the ap
plications be laid' over for one week,
¦which was carried. Boxton said he would
vote to give the permit to the National
Club because he had so promised. Neil
was aggrieved because no action was
taken. .-'
. "I did not go Into this business," said
Neil, "until Jim Kennedy came out from
the Bast and brought oft fake contests ,to
rob the people. .
"Well, do you want to take, a hand in
the robbery?" asked Wynn.
"I might as well," said Neil, "if there
is any robbing to be done." , r :
Representatives of four professional ath
letic clubs— Bay City, : National, Pacific
Coast and Hayes Valley— appeared before
the Supervisors' Police Committee yester
day to * urge their claims to the permit
to give a contest in March. , j It developed
that the Bay City and Hayes Valley
Clubs vare the only two that comply with
the law requiring the clubs to have a
gymnasium and 250 bona fide members.
Rival Professional Clubs..
Supervisors' Police Committee Un
' able to Decide Between Four
BOXING PERMIT FOR '
MARCH CAUSES TROUBLE
;
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Thursday, Feb. 13.-TVeather fine. Tra^^f^^_,
3293. FIRST RACE—Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325. '
I ; - - : ¦ | I BetUng.
Index[Horse, Age. Weight.iSt.%. %. , Sir. Fin. -Owner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
3281' February, a 108 4 3 1 3n 12 1 2 J. S. Gibson....Howson 5-2 13-5
3185 Rushrtelds, a ....109 3 0^41 3221 CO. Ray ...Troxler 10 2i>
3281 Phil'Archibald. 4.109 2 2 3 1 n 2 % U 5 Crane & Co.... Hoar 12 ¦ -8
3215 Buck.Taylor. 6...100 8 0 r 8 2 5h 4 3 J.' C.' Nealon... Birkruth 0 12
8277 Monda. G ...:.;. .110 1 1 >A 2 2 4 '4 5 2 W. P. Fine... .Bullman 3 5-2
3240 Fridolln, 4 104 7. 7 1 7 1 0 1 Cn G. W r. Scott.. ."W'lnslette « 5
3287 Har._Thatcher.5.ini) ;(5 5h 5n 7 1 ; 7 1 W. Johnson ..See 15 20
3281 William. F.-5..:;.'. 109 5, 4h 6h 8 3 \8 5 i John Kane .... Prior 12. 50
3275 Intrada. 4 .......104 9 S.Va 0 »' 9 E. I. Wheeler.:....Dyer bO 2J0
Time—'/I. ::2C;i/..-:51Vj; %, 1:1SV>.-Good start. , Won easily. " Second and third driving.
: Winner, J. S. "Gibson's ch.; m., by St.'Carlo-Sister to Ruth Ryan. Howson on winner rode
a well-judged race, scoring at leisure. Rushflelds ran well after being freshened up. Buck
Taylor a poor mud horse. Monda quit early. , Fridolin little speed. Scratched—Screen
well Lake 1C4. *.'„_„„„*,'„„„*„„-.-. -^^-^^^-^^^-r^-^
S2i)4. SECOND RACE—Three and a half furlongs; selling; maiden 2-year-olds; to first; $325.
.i~ ~~~ " .. |" ~~~. ~~ [ *~ - "* Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St.* V>. Yt- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
.... JGeorgle ' "West ...10r>C2 ... 1 2 1 2 12 Chlnn & Forsythe.Woodsj 7-5 «-5 i
3270 IMi Reina ....105 t ... 3h 2 M 2 5 Baldwin & Co. .Rar.som 7-5 0-5.
3210 Jennie"McGowan.. 105 .1 . ... 2^ 4 3 3 2 ' B. Schrelber....Jackson 6 .. 10
3257 Elliston '......;.. 108 4 ... 4 2 3^45 T. »H. Stevens..O'Cornorl 3 9-2
.... Baby Mine ¦.._._.._. 105 _5 ... ,5 5 _J5 J; Gleason Hoar] lo 15
Time —J4, ¦ :26; 3V-f :44. -Good start. "Won easily. Second anJ -.third driving. "Winner.
Chinn & Forsythe's b f by Russell-Naoina. ¦--"Winner is a very handy filly and had worked
fast. Ml: Reina ridden in poorest going. Elliston has a •'dicky" knee. Scratched —Little
Margaret 98. Irish Lassie-1G3.\ v - ''^^^^x^tj^
3295. THIRD RACE—Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds-and up; to first. $325. .' '•'
.~~~t —— — ; .. .. . ; j ~" ~ ~~ Bettlnsr.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. Vj- .%- Str. Fin. [ Owner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
3202- Sea. Lion. a./....KH! 4. 3 h' 2 n 2 1 15 ICaesar Young. t..Jackson 8-5 4-fi
3279 Scallywag. 4 ..... 00 1 • 1 W t 1 3 ' 1 1 21 |J. L. Crooks....... Hoar 8
3280 Clarando. C ......108 3 -4 Yi 3h 3 1 3n IK. M. Borchert.OXonnor 2 5-2
32R0 Ned Dennis,-5.. ..108 5 5 5.41 45 iPiedmont Stable.W lnslet a 8
,3292 (Fine Shot, 5.....105 2 21 4h 5 5 iMcDonald & Dunlap..See 10 20
qinojGibraltar,_a_^....10"| « ... LL. ._.•__;.••_; l H »_ J -_ Jones :.v_L-- Tr?? ler' __" s
Time—To¦%'. :22V*; to V>. :4S: last ?4. l:0r»;.'short %. 1:15. Bad start. "Won easllv. Second
and.third driving. Winner. Caesar Young's b. h. hy Deceiver-S<>a View. Pea Lion had to
come, from".quite a distance back. Seallvwag liked the golnj;. Clarando quit badly on this
". occasion. Ned Dennis ran poorly. 'Left, t _.._^L__~_^^.^ I '. - -^-»
3290. FOURTH RACE—Futurity course; selling; three-year-clds; to first. $325. . . -
~j ; ~ ~j : - i ""I Bettlnsr.
IndexlHorse and "Weight-ISt. M. %. Str. Fin. ! Otcner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
327fi j Maraschino ..' 1O!)I « 4 % 2 1VS 1 n I % |.T. C. Humphrey. .Jacksn 3-R 3-5
' 3258 iBassenzo .'...... .10n| 1 1 y. lh 2 4 2 5 (C. J. Foy J.Daly B 10
32fi4 iSsnator Bruce....1171 4 3 U, 4 n' 3 5 33 I J. L. Clayton... E.Jones 10 10
327« iSIr Claus.. .-.101)1 5 B 4 -' 5 2 4 3 4 1 U. B. Spreckels. .Troxler .50 ' f-0
3275 iMarello ..........10n| :< 0 4: 7 1 5 1 5n ¦ ID. R: Fountain..McGinn 12 25
32R7,IChandoo ... .1.1171 7 8 8 7 1 B V, IT. H. Stevens..O'Connor 8 12
3200 iTorila .. 11218 7n 0 1 8 7 6 IE. I. Wheeler.......See 15 20
(32at)|Jungfrau ........112| 2 2 1 3h.-6% 8 |B. Schrelber-... .Bullmanl 5 8
Time —To Vi. :22; to U. :47-T4: last %, 1:04%: short %. 1:14H- Good start. "Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner. J. C. Humphrey's ch. %. by Golden Dawn-Chartreuse
II. "Winner best. Senator Bruce pocketed and cut off half a dozen times. Chandoo no
speed. Junsfrau Quit. --' ¦ :- _^^_ — .»,-»,-.,-»,-»,-.^,^t^-»_r-»_r-w-o-* J
3297. FIFTH RACE —Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
~ T~! " • - ¦¦ ¦ ~~~- 7- ~~- ~ ~T|" . I Betting.
IndexIHor$(», Age. "Weight. St. • %. %. Str. Fin. I Owner and JocJcey. I Op. Ci.
32SliAlzura. 4....... .10712 22 24 1 n 1 2 lA. H. Vlvell Troxler 2 3
3280 iFoul Play, 5. 10713 3n 3 2 3 1 2n iNichols & Bowley..Prior 8 7
3200 lUral. 4........;.".1021 841 4 1 41 3 4 W. E. Cotton .Hoar 20 20
31S6 iPatsy Dolan, a...1111 11515 21 45 H. Butts Bullman 3 5-2
327(1.lHalmetta 3 ."061 7 .7 1 6 1 5 V3 5 n W. Ketcheman.-Jackson 3 7-2
3275 lArlcato. :i. O(il 4 R 7 1 0 1 « 1 ¦ W. G. Matthews..Donnly 6 .15
3011 |E1 Rey; 4 100| 6 B 1, 0 h 7 1 -7 2 P. E. IX>naleche.....See B 15
32S8 |Sand ile Lee. 3... 04[ 6 6 1 8 8 8 Ted Hayes ,.J. Daly 30 100
Time Vi :24V^I Vi':">l; •%, 1:04. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, A.- H. Vivell's b. m. by Emperor of Norfolk-Miss Baldwin. Patsy Dolan outbroke
her field but Alzura could have passed the half-breed before she did. Halmetta a poor
. article. Scratched —San Lution 98, Rasp 109. Victoria S 89. \
3293. SIXJH RACE —Mile and 50 yards; selling-; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
\~, : j * ; '¦ ~~ Betline:.
IndexJHorse. Age. Weight. St. %• Str. Fin. Oivner and Jockey. Op. , Cl.
(3286)blllga'r cT....... .111 3 2 n 2 n 11 12 Mrs. Jones & Co..O'Conn 8-5 5-2
32KU iMtseion 5........Ill 1 3 2-3,^4 3h. 2 2' James Wilson. .Bullman 4 15
(3°S7)lMerops 6... i.. ."^111 6 •¦ 4 h -4 1 42 3n F. D. "Wslr Hoar 2 16-5
32S« IQulz II 100 5 13 15 2 % 4 1 J. M. Crane Redfern 8 7
32S6 Hungarian. 6 Ill 7 S 51 62 5n Geo. TV'. Miller..Jackson 6 4
slc« Lodestar a Ill 2 0 1 «1 6 5 .6 10 lO'Keefe & Co....Troxler 4 5
32G2 Billy Lvons 4....109 8 7 n 7 5 7 25 T 100 J. B. Bortano..A. Kelly 20 20
2175 Satan, 5..........112 4538 8 8 . JMrs. W. M. Balrd..Conly 60 100
Time %. -:51%; .%, 1:18^4; mile, 1:47; lmtidyds. 1:50%. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, Mrs. P. E. Jones & Co.'s b. g. by Islington-Joy. Nilgar
superbly ridden. Merops In worst.going on rail. Quiz tired. Hungarian apparently did
not like the footing. Troxler to all appearances could not handle Lodestar to any advan
tage. Scratched—Colonel Ballantyne 109. ¦• ¦
' An Old Clothes Party.
An old clothes party will be given this
evening in the chapel of the Richmond
Congregational Church, corner of Sev-,
enth avenue and Clement street. A short
programme will be rendered. The beat
dressed person present wilL be fined 10
cents. •
Corliss, who Is author of a b:ll for a
Government cable from San Francisco to
Manila, delivered a speech in opposition
to the laying of such a cable by a private
corporatioiu.-
Two bills of general importance weie
passed by the House to-day, the remainder
of the time being devoted to minor busi
ness. One was a. Senate bill to provida
for the payment* of the claims of Confed
erate ofScera and soldiers whose horses,
side arms and baggage were taken from
them by Union soldiers contrary to the
terms of the surrender of Lee's and John
son's armies. The amount to be paid un
der the bill was limited to $50,000. Tha
other bill was to confer on the Spanish
Claims Commission authority to send for
persons and papers and to punisn for con
tempt.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.-The House to
day unanimously adopted a resolution
proposing an amendment to the constitu
tion of the United States for the election
of Senators by direct popular vote. There
was no demand for time to debate the
resolution. This is the fourth time tha
House has adopted a similar resolution.
The last bout of the night was between
Al Hamilton and Jack Kenny; It was
a rough one while it lasted. Hamilton
quit, after the first round. He said the
other boxer punched . too hard.
Al Young, a youth built like a heavy
weight, drew the disapproval of those
present by trying to hustle little Charlie
Smelter around. The bout was declared
a di^iw, but the decision should have been
given to Smelter. .; -¦ •¦ . -
Jack Cordell and Bart Nugent locked
arms for four rounds and' Referee Greg
gains lost weight separating them. * Cor
dell wrestled Nugent to the floor, picked
him up and then crossed him on the jaw.
It was so funny | the spectators laughed
heartily. Cordell was given the decision.
Dave Attel lowered the colors of Joe
Reagan In the third round of their bout.
It was a rushing- battle all the way, with
Attel the aggressor. ¦¦-..•? : ..-¦•¦
Jack McFadden battered George O'Brien
to the floor after two minutes' fighting.
McFadden did not give O'Brien : a chanco
to leave his corner.
Pete Carroll and John Crpll fought four
rounds to a draw. Both ¦ lads . boxed
speedily and displayed cleverness. Carroll
was the aggressor, but Croll
well. The decision met with ap
proval. Al Meala and H. Sheehan In
dulged iii a burlesque, exhibition. The
judges declared it a draw. , ¦.'¦;'¦ >;.:¦!: '¦ •
The regular boxing exhibition of th.5
San Francisco Athletic Club attracted a
large attendance- last night to the club's
Sixth-street gymnasium. The boxers were
as usual full of fight, and the spectators
had an overflowing, measure. of sport.
Believes That the Ownership
Should Be Vested in the
Govarnment.
The San Francisco Athletic
Club Gymnasium Is
: . Thronged; :
Opposes Laying of Line
to Manila by Private
Corporation.
Hard Hitting Youngsters
Show Their Great "
Gameness.
CORLISS SPEAKS
ON CABLE BILL
AMATEUR BOXERS
IN FAST BOUTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALli, FttlDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1902.
RESULTS OF THURSDAYS RAGING AT OAKLAND TRACK.
11
Iir.AIi ESTATE — CITY- — FOR SALE.
WANTED — To purchase, lots north of Broad-
way and on any street west of Van Ness ave.
to the Presidio reservation. Call on W. J.
GfXK. E30 California st. __^
AN immediate purchaser can be found for a
residence In the district bounded by Van
Ness ave. on the east. Lyon or Presidio res-
ervation on west and north of Broadway.
Call on TV. J. GUXK. 530 California St.
JOSEPH STRAUB, ~~
850 Market Ft., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant in.
Real Estate Agent. N<J
I'roperty bought and sold.
Rents collected.
HAVE you a lot to exchange for corner lot.
SSxlOS, pn Aleatraz ave. block from San
Pablo avd Gulden Gate. Oakland; close to
PcliooihouFe and station; value $000; will pay
S500 U> ?KKW cash diCerence. L. H.
MOISE? "20 gansome st.
t:r>00 — FOR sale, business corner Grocery with
C living rooms and vtaHe: 3-rocm flat above.
J. P. FAIVRE. 2:tC* Fulton Ft. :
UEAL ESTATE— -COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^
1£mail tracts. $U0 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future valiie assured, an
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best Tor poultry and reneral farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California «t.. for
pamphlets and Information.
PROFIT* 8LE orange, lemon, peach and prone
lands u sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HE ALT & CARR, 6 Eddy Ft.-
WE nave several fine fruit ranches to exchange
for city or Oakland property. HEALY &
CARR. 6 Eddy et., P. F.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
narr.p for free list. C. R. Wtafield. Petaluma.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FBIITVALE HEAL KSTATE.
.-.X unn&ralleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. ana Hopkins st. : 2 blocks from
- Ftreet cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of *i rooms; stable, ehiclccn-house. pir-
ecn cote, etc.: ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F. ; rent $:«> a month; price $4000.
A:;rl<- .T. n. FUF.UD. SSUla building, or H.
A. PI.KITXFR. yrtMtvatg Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFICE_mS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
7 NEW homes. 5 to S rooms; all first class;
Merriir.ac or Twenty-eishth (•!.. between Tel
fKraph ave. and Grove *t.; monthly payment
:<!.'.n. See owner on the premises to-<lay.
fc.-J'. MEADS. Oakland real estate. 1223
Frfp^way. near Fifteenth ft.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
TO responsible couple or a single gentleman,
larse sunny parlor. ?.umished »as a bedroom,
2 Lay-windows and grates; also single sunny
rooms. Apply 511 Nineteenth et., Oakland.
OAKLAXD FIRMTIRB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE eood and cheap thi* month. EL
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh ft.. Oakland.
UOO3JS FOR HOtSBKEEPIAG.
ARIEL and solar flats. 025 and 531 Turk St.;
first-class ;¦ new bide.; housekeeping suites.
liELL, The. . 1773 Market — Front parlor suit
with kitchen and gas range; rent $20.
ELLIS, llt"2 — Elegant parlor cult with kitchen;
every convenience; private.
FIFTH CM — Furnished housekeeping In suites
2 or 3. $12 to $20; also single. $5.
HOYTARD, 1063 — 2 eunhy connecting, complete-
ly fura. htikpg. rms. ; run. water; range, etc
HYDE, 40S — Sunny front basement suite. $18;
also rear suite, yard, laundry, |14.
LARKIN, 9C1, corner Geary — Two Eunny front
rooms anc kitchen.
MISSION, 1219 — Runny furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children.
OAK, 125 — Two nice furnished basement rooms
lor housekeeping, $10.
SL'TTEH, S2^B — Elegantly furnished sunny
Euitet-; coal or gas; phone; single rooms.
TURK, 130 — Two unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; connecting; cheap.
Virginia, 1005 Pqwell—2sunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished: gas range; baths ;f-0.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received it Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
li'JOMS TO LET Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, Zii McAllister— New. eleganti
Eunny; grill attached; 75c day upward- rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms. ,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 142C Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
cished rms., euites, Eingle; also unfurnished.
CHELSEA. 6. off Bush, near Powell — One large
eunny room, suitable tor 2, furnished or un-
furnlshed; also single room.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny roomc; prices reasonable.
lIDUi", Cl<3 — Elegantly furnished sunny front :
room; refined cou&le or two gentlemen; every
convenience.
EDDY, ','21 — Handsome unfurnished parlors;
also furnished attic for studio. j
EDINBURGH, 329 Powell, cor. G«ary— Loca«
tlon most central; large well-furnished euites
anu single front rooms as offices; modern iin-
provementg; electric light, etc
ELLIS. S21 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
:>5c. $1 50 night; $1 60. $8 wk; open all night..
ELLIS. 41 fe. The Pierpont — Beautifully furn-
ishea suite; private bath; sun all day; $35.
FOLSOM. £20. near Fourth — Furnished room,
$1 per Treek.
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. Klngr. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 2C3. bet. Powell and Mason — Elegant
fcuite, beautiful furnishings, for offices or liv-
ing room*.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed cuites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHER* Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a <juiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; so!t,single;elevat.
GRANT, 213 — New bachelor apartments, fur.
or uniur, ; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
KEARNY. 84, end 47 Poet— Office or eunny
furnished rooms; en suite or elngle.
JONES. 402 — Nicely furnished rooms; eunny;
modern conx-enlences; central location.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
NA1OMA. 217 — Near Third, single or double,
one larfe-e front room.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
• sished ' roomc ; $2 a week up; S5c a day up.
OCTAVIA. 1211 — Sunny furnished bay-window
room, double and single.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day. -week. mo.
POST. P33 — Larce, uunny furnished room; 1 or
2 (rents; references. __^
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandesecent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 25c to $1 50; week. |2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.. I
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. :
STEAM KEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denla, 24 Turk st.
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice sunny suites and Elngle
rooms; bath; phone. . ,
BUTTER, 1003 — Sunny well furnished rooms,
en suite or single, for erentlemen.
TURK. 210— Small eunny front room. '/': ; _f (
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been CEteabllsbed at 1090
Valencia et.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights: hot and cold water; modern; ;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South S29.
CROCKER. The, 015 Leaveaworth — Sunny I
' rms.; sin, and suites: ground and tennis crt.
EDDY. 620. The Irvingdale— Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 LQ up.
ELLIS. 104S — Exceptionally well furnished
sunny rooms, with excellent board; private.
JOHNSOX. The, C05 b'FarreU— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA, C15 Taylor^ — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional tabie: popular rate*.
ROOMS AND DOARD WANTED.'
GENTLEMAN stranger In city wishes I nice
room ami breakfast with private family or
widow lady. Eox 3010. Call. .
ROOMS WASTED.
ONE or two rooms wanted with prlvllese of
light housekeeping. Box 5312. Call office.
IT in iJ»w«ni«i«W«iiil'f i tmwwdfm liilillisTt
SPECIAL NOTICES. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: teL C5S0.
RUPTURE^ CURE— TREATMENT FRE_
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1208
Market Et.. rooms 5 and C; new system.
SEWIAG MACIHXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.. repairing:
lowest rates; phone Howard 32C4. 145 Cth.
ALL kinds bousht. sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palrtng: lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AX D WAREHOUSES.
PlFHlC^RODOLPHritorage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mi»-
glon st..; tel. Howard 941. F..W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. C30 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving; C«m-
pany. 2TO0 Fill— ore st: phone Jackson 281.
typewriters and supplies.
cTr^at^bXrgaiks1cn"type'vv-riters— \\>
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the «lty: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 63C California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :wt)m»>f free. 20» Santomf.
DIVIDEXU NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND in liquidation of 4 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by the Cali-
fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable on
and after Frlday.\ February 14. 1002, -at the
ofSce of the society. Mills building, second
floor, room 2S. ' /
CHAS. D. FARQUHARSON,' Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
GuEtavus _ Spear, 21. 1729 Broadway, and
Nellie Gallagher, 10, 1332 Broadway.
Erik J. Aalto, „, 322 Fremont street, ana
Augusta A. Bersrman, 35. 7St» Harrison street.
George Comminos. 41, 1700 Sacramento
Etre«t. and Armida Harley, 40. 207 Eddy st.
John K. Cordt, 31, 332 Eddy street, and El-
friede Monhoupt. 23. 764 Geary street.
James E. Dumas. 40. 630 Sutter street, and
Lealia McK. Parker, 1'7, 030 Sutter street.
Karl E. Krause. 32. 122 East street, and
Marguerite T. Meisner. 35, 33 Borland Btreet.
Peter J. Eusch. 22. oS3 Broadway, and Ma-
rie G. Carroll. IS. «39 Stockton street.
BIRTHS— MARBIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriatre and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the sano published.
B0HN.
ERVIN— In Belvedere. Cal., February 10. 1002,
to the wife of Henry Ervin, a son. >
-JAMES — In Alarneda. February 13, 1902, to
tne wife of F. V. James, a. son.
MARRIED.
McCULLUGH— TALBY— In this city, Febru-
ary 11. TJ02. by the Rev. Father Prender-
sa.sU William R. McCullugh of Mason City,
lewa. and Lizzie J. Talby of Virginia City.
Kev.
NEAL— CHILES— In this city. February 12.
1902, by the Rev. John Stephens, Robert W.
Neal and Mrs. Ada W. Chiles, both of San
Francisco. v
PFAFF— In this city. January 1C. 1902, by the
Rev. Jolin E. Cottle, Thomas R. Pfaff and
Clara V. SchmallGE-.
SMITH— GRAINGER— In this city, by Rev.
William C. Pond, William G. Smith and
Amanda L. Grainger, both of this city.
_____
Adams. Frank B. Gmehlich. Hernnan
Bendlzsen. 11. 13. Hansen. Carrie
Buckley, Gertrude M Haughton, Eliza F.
Carlson, Edward Henrici, Mrs. J . R.
Chase, Henry A. Knop, Elfert
Clancy, Patrick Libby, Clara
Collins, James F. McGeehan, Hugh
Cooney, John P. Moresi, John L\
Curtis, Gertrude T. O'Neil. John D.
Curtis. Lillian L Schlott. Oswald H.
Dethlefsen. Edward Sleben. Phillip
Dovey. Rose F. Speck. Andrew M.
Giusti. Adele Tilden. Charles L.
ADAMS— In Fresno. Cal.. February 13, 1902,
Frank Burton, son of William H. and Bertha
Adams, a native of Oakland. Cal.. aged 10
months and 1 day.
BENDIXSEN— In Eureka, Cal.. February 12,
1902, H. D. Bendlxen.
BUCKLEY— In this city, February 13. 1902,
Gertrude Mary, dearly beloved daughter ot
P. A and Lizzie Buckley, and loving sister
of Raymond J., Evelyn F. and Mabel E.
Buckley, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 '
months and 10 days.
C7 1 Notice of funeral hereafter. Please
omit fiowere. •*
CARLSON — In this city. Edward, beloved
husband of Harriette Carleon. and father of
Dr. C. Hadley Carlson and Ferd W. Carl-
son and Mrs. R. V. Rlsley. a native of
Hamburg. Germany, aged 69 years.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
CHASE— In this city. February 13, 1902,
Henry A Chase, beloved father of Fred H.
Chase, and beloved brother of Louisa M.
Chase of Baltimore. Md.. a native j of Bal-
timore. Md.. aged 07 years 2 months and 18
days. ' A member of Manzanita Tribe No. 4,
I. O. R. M.
CTRemalns at the Parlors of the Gantner
- & Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209 Mis-
sion street, between Eighth and Ninth.
Funeral notice hereafter.
COLLINS— In this city. February 12. 1902.
James F.. beloved husband of Margaret Col-
lins, father of Timothy V. and James J. Col-
lins, and brother of C. J. and T. V. Collins
of Vallejo, a native of Ireland, aged- 35
years. (Boston, Mass., and Vallejo papers
" please copy.)
tOTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mls-
Eion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLANCY— In this city. February 13. 1902. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Hanna Clancy, and
father of Mrs. J. H. O'Brien and Denis.
Margaret and Nellie Clancy, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 64 years 7
months and 13 days.
COONEY — In - this city. February 12, 1902,
John P., beloved husband of Louise Cooney,
and father of Gladys and Frank Cooney, and
beloved eon of Mrs. M. Cooney and the late
Daniel Cooney. and brother of Daniel. An-
drew, Frank and William Cooney' and -Mrs.
L. Juzlx and Mrs. M. J. Cloney, a native
of San Francisco, aged 35 years 9 months
and 6 days. . , . .
CC7 Notice of funeral hereafter. • -
CURTIS — In Alameda, February 13, 1902, Ger-
trude T.. beloved wife of C. W. Curtis, and
mother of Deloe, William L. and Gertie
Braden Curtis and Mrs. Fred L. Krumb. a
native of New Jersey, aged 67 years 7
months and 0 days. -
CURTIS — In this city, February 12, 1902, Lil-
lian I., beloved wife of James G. Curtis,
and mother of Elmer E., Gladys A., Alwyn
J.. Louise C. and Helen P. Curtis, a native
' HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
¦,T (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
CAN BRUNO HILLS.
-OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manarer.
I . MEW FIRM OP UiNDttrfTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O" Con-
ner & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
! 1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
I 27 at— 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 1C7 1
rUNERAL' DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. i
| flnetl Equipment at Modtmtf Kfttf«. M
I REMOVED!
AlcClNN BROS., .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 228 McAllister st. (For-
merly of 31 Kdnv >t. T»l. ¦ South' 2B2.)
REMOVAL NOTICE.
On end after Feb. 22, 1002, we will occupy
OUR OWN BUILDING at 1009 Mission St..
bet. 15th and ICth. TELEPHONE MISSION
10a. CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN &' CO., Funeral
Directors and Embalmers.
CREMATION $10.
'THE UNDERTAKERS AND GENERAL
public are hereby notified that the price for
cremation at CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
is now 510.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Ass 7 n,
. 1501, MARKET ST.
0C__X- TKAV_L.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jj^ Steamers- leave Broadway
|Bjk_^ Wharf. San Francisco: ¦
ysifSfll'H. For Ketchikan. Juneaii.
Hfev^^CK^. Fkagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 *.
Kwn^2^^ m - Fei) - & - l0 - 13> 20> -•"•
' B^^IVA'I March '2. Chansn> to com.
i IttBir l Q«#al pany'a steamers at Soattle.
F">£&3£>v$M For Victoria. Vancouver.
** Port Townsend. Scnttle. Tao-
ma Everett, New Wbitcom —
11 a m Feb 6, '10, 15, 20. 25. March 2.
Change at Seattle to tbia company's steamers
h^Ataska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: «t Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Hnmboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. , no..
Feb 1 0 11. 16. 21. 26. March 3. '
For San Diego, stoppins only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Loa An-
jreles')— Steamer Spokane. Sundays 9 a. tn.
Steamer State- of Cal.. Wednesday*, ft a. m.
For Los Angles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (S«n
Luis Oblypo) Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hu«-
neme. Ka« San Pedro, San Pedro and 'New-
port CBonlta. only). -
Bonita 9 a. m.. Feb. 3. 11. 19. 27. March T.
¦ Coos Bay. 9 a.m., Feb. 7. 15. 23. March 3.
.For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose fl»i
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rcsa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th of eaca
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
' TICKET OFFICE—* N« w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •'
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. if?- A N* CO.
Only St«nx_ali4s> Xii_«> to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Thcoufth Tickets to nil
point*. ••'• ri" *»•• istewm^hip r*n<t rail, at
XO~— SO 1 RATES.
£TE AMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BZRT3 »ai KZAL1
SS.*- COLUMBIA Sails '.
Feb. 12. 22; Mar. 4. 14. 24
SS. CEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 17. 27: Mar. 9. 10. 29
Steamer nall.i from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. ~W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Ant.. 1 Montg'y. S. F.
TOYO EISEN KAISflA.
Steamers' will leave wharf, cor-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kpbe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 23th. 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU
• Friday. March 21st. 1JM_
SS. HONGKONG MARU
. •. Tuesday. April 15th, 1902
Rcund-trtp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapors;
To Valparaiso, stoppinjr at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Dier 10. 12 m.
GCATEMALA-.Feb. 18 SANTIAGO ..
PALENA ...March 10 TCCAPEL ...
¦ These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE ft CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, S ;
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105: Steerage. (10; Meals Free.
S. «. Argyll satis Thursday, Mar. 1.1 -
S. S. Lee I an aw sails Monday, Mar 24
S. 5. Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. in.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
9ceanics.§.co- ss'SsSs
I _ . .T * - r '. DIRECr L1:lE To TAHITI
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu "...
Saturday. Feb. 15, '02. 2 p. ra.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti, about Feb. 19.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
. land and Sydney. .Thurs., Feb. 27, 10 a. m.
j. D.SPHECXELS k ML CO., Sansr_ Agents, 327 Marine St
EaTI Fasangir Qtfcs, 643 Varbt St., Pier la. 7. PacSe St
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul. Feb. ..Mar. 5
St. Louts Feb. 2G St. Paul Mar. 12
RED STAR LINE.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Feb. 10 Southwark ....Mar. 5
Friesland .:...Feb. 26lVaderland Mar. 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY.
Crocker building:.
Operating stage lines between Illamna, Bay
and above points. ."j
COKPASXIZ "2EHESAI.3 TKAK3AT_cSTIQIIJ
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. _J^ V
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. •mtidissa
North River, foot of Morton street.
- i First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building), Now
. York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
mckeU sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ)
'¦'Stamen GEN. FRI3BI3 or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
; Cay. Sunday, 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
' Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m., except
! Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fart M
' cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing - and
, office. pt»r , 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
• BROS. y v
of San Francisco, aged 38 years S months
' and 27 days.V ' . . '''¦'¦
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
„ to-day (Friday), at 10 o'clock sharp, at
Bethany Church. Bartlett street, near Twen-
ty-flfth, thence by electric funeral car from
. corner of Twenty-third and' Guerrero streets,
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn
• Cemetery.
DETHLEFSEN— In this city, February 13.
1 1002. Edward ? F. Dethlefsen, beloved infant
child of Fred P. and Katie Dethlefsen, and
brother of Thomas A. and Francis H. Deth-
lefsen, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
. aged 3 months and 20 days. •. ."••?¦ ;-\->
DOVEY— In this city. February 13. 190*2,
Rose Fern, beloved daughter of William and
Rose Dovey, and - sister of Dr. W. R. and_
Alice Dovey, a native of Nevada, aged 1(5
years 8 months 'and 20 days. , -'
—TFriends are regretfully Invited to at-
tend the 'funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
l«:30 o'clicl:. from her late residence, HOB
. Hayes streat. •
GIUSTI— In this city. February 13. 1002. Adele,
dearly beloved wife of Alfonso Giusti. and
- loving mother of Mrs. Ida Cervelll. Mrs. Liz-
zie Solary and Alfonso Giusti Jr.. a. native
of Italy, aged C5 years.
GMEHLICH— In this city. February 12, 1902.
Hcrrrnan Gmehllch, a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 5.1 years S months and 1J
days. A member of San Francisco Tu<-n
Verain, San Kranclsco Turn Vereln Bchuet-
zen. San Francisco Schwaben Verein and
Beer Drivers' Union. '¦ - ¦
CTFriendK and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from San Fran-
cisco Turn Verein Hall. 323 Turk street,
where services will be held. Remains at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 113*- Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment, I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HANSEX— ¦ In this city. February 13. 1902.
Carrie Hanien. a native of Denmark, aged
32 years. , . N
HAUGHTON— In Golden Gate. Cal.. February
13, Eliza F-. relict of the late James H.
Haughton, and mother of E. H. Haughton
and Mrs. A. W. Higson and Mrs. J. A. Me-
Pherscn, a native of Nantucket, Mass., aged
70 years 1 month and 13 days.
C7"Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at «T o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. lOi'l Sixty-third street, thence by 12
o'clock creek boat to San Francisco. Inter-
ment Cyprecs Lawn Cemetery by electric car
leaving" ferry at 12:40 o'clock.
HENRICI— In this city. February 13. 190?,
Mrs. J. R. Henrici. widow of the late C. H
Henrici. and mother of Edith. Use and Ralph
Henrici. a native of Qulncy, 111., aged 42
years 5 months and 20 days.
KNOP— In this city, February 11. 1902. Elfert
Knop. beloved brother of Henry Knop, a na-
tive of Germany, ased 04 years 1 month and
IS ders. . -
ETKriends and acquaintances are respect-
.fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. iFriday). at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Crockett Lodge No. 139,- V. and. A. M. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Pleaee omit
flowers. Remains at the funeral parlors of
H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. _ •
LIBBY — In Santa Rosa, Cal.. February 13.
1902. Clara Llbby. a naitve of Sweden, aged
00 year*. . ' ¦
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 ©•clock, from tha funeral par-
lors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 31b
Mason street, between. O'Farrell and Geary.
McGEEHAN— In this city. February 12, 1902.
Hugh, husband of the late Theresa McGee-
han, and father of "William. Gertrude, Eliza-
beth, Huzh Jr., John. Theresa and Cather-
ine McGeehah, a native of Llm&vaddy,
County Derry, Ireland, axed 57 years.-
P'The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the -parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by. 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
street's.
MORESI— In this city, February 11, 1902. John
D., dearly beloved husband of Aurelia Mo-
resi, and father of Adele Moresi, and brother
of Mrs. J. Reali. Mra. G. Petralli and Jo-
seph Moresl. a native cf Switzerland, aged
53 years 1 month and 14 dayu.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services at
San Jcse. Cal.. February 1C 1002. at: 1:30
o'clock, at his late residence. 7S Devine
street. Notice — Please omit flowers.
O'NEIL — In the City and County Hospital,
February 12. 1902. John D. O'Neil. a native
of New York, aged 35 years.
BCHLOTT— In this city. February 12, 1902,
Oswald H. J. Schlott, a native of Slensburg,
Schlepwig-HolEteln, Germany, aged 30 years.
SIEBEN — In . Alameda, February 11, 1902,
Phillip Sieben, beloved husband of Magda-
lena Sleben. a native Of Germany, axed 61
years.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
February 14. at 10 o'clock, from St. Jo-
seph's Church. Alameda. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. ..
SPECK — In Tucson, Ariz., February 12. 1902,
Andrew Meyer Speck, beloved son of the late
John Henry and Sarah Ann Speck, anl
brother of John • Henry. D. Mason, George
A., G. Boyd. Jennie "and Bertha Speck and
Carrie G. Scott, a native of Pennsylania,
age-1 30 years and 4 months. (Lebanon, Pa.,
papers please copy.)
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
TILDEN — In this city, February 13, 1902.
Charles L., husband of tho late Hannah
C. Tilden. a native of Massachusetts, aged
81 years 6 months and 10 days.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-
day (Friday), at . 2 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence. 1113 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Hinjrham, Mass. -
CARD oFTtHANKS.
Mrs. Annie M. Ives and members of her
family offer their most heartfelt thanks to "W.
& J. ' Sloane & Co. and employes and to
friends and acquaintances for their kindnesses
In their sad bereavement, .The City Engineer was directed to make
plans and estimates of the project ac
cording to the charter and subject to the
City Attorney's opinions, one of which
is whether the preliminary steps for the
acquisition of the road may be taken be
fote the franchise expires.
Had Captain Catterinich taken a cast of his
lead at the time he thought the ship was too
close to the land and held off only one point,
as a more careful navigator would have done,
and not depended upon his judgment for his
distance from the shore on a dark night with
heavy rain, clouds and smoke hanging over
the land he would have seen the clanger the
vessel was In at the time. He had a patent
sounding machine on board.
Captains O. F. Bolles and John K. Bul
ger, United States Local Inspectors of
Steam. Vessels, rendered their decision
yesterday morning in the matter of the
stranding of the steamship San Bias near
La Libertad, Salvador, and revoked the
license of J. F. Catterinich, master of the
vessel, for carelessness. In the decision
the Inspectors say:
Inspectors Bolles and Bulger Revoke
His License for Losing the
San Bias.
CAiPTAIN CATTEBINICH
? RELIEVED FROM DUTY
City Engineer Grunsky stated that the
route originally proposed was circuitou3
and included a cross-town line. The. total
length of the road would be fifteen miles,
of which three and a half miles consti
tuted the road as now operated. It would
cost but $50,000 to change the present. road
into an underground electric conduit sys
tem. Grunsky suggested another route
from the ferry along Market street to
Geary street, to Tenth avenue, thence to
the park. An electric system embracing
this route would cost $500,000. The road
could also be run down Second street to
the depots and extended along C street to
the ocean, should it be desired. The plan
also included a cross-town line from the
Presidio across certain streets, termina
ting at the Potrero. Another branch
could be run along Nineteenth avenue
across the park to the Ingleside House.
Max Popper spoke for Mission residents
and argued that the road should be con
fined to its present route, with the ex
tension to the ferry and the park. Pop
per said the road could be operated to
carry workingmen during certain hours
for Vfa cents, and the other street railways
would have to come down to the rate
charged by the municipal road.
J. P. Henderson agred with Popper and
said that the people would vote for the
shorter route and that there was consid
erable opposition, to the proposed cross
town line. E. P. E. Troy of the Rich
mond Improvement Club also spoke in
favor of the modified plan. Supervisor
Wynn said he was opposed to. any feed
ers to the line until it had been demon
strated that the city could run the sys
tem properly. Mayor Schmitz favored the
route from the ferry to the park with a
Second-street branch, if such were pos
sible. Supervisors Braunhart, D'Ancona
Curtis and O'Connor also expressed them- 1
selves in favor of the shorter route.
A , resolution was adopted declaring it
the sense of the board that a publicly
owned road be operated on Geary street
when the present franchise expires. The
City Attorney .was requested to advise
whether the franchise expires in April
1902. or November, 1903.
Wynn's motion that\the route be con
fined to a line from the ferry to the park
prevailed. The question of fares was left
to regulate after the road is acquired.
The Supervisors' Public Utitlities Com
mittee met yesterday to determine the
proper method of procedure in' the pro
posed acquisition of the Geary-street
road and to decide on the route- to be
traversed by the extension intended to be
made to its present limits. Mayor Schmltz
and several representatives of various im
provement clubs were present at the
meeting- and made suggestions in connec
tion with the project.
Dr. Smith says there were forty-two
deaths at the mining camp. Of those who
died only four were men who were not
of dissipated habits. The physician saya
that the report that the place was vis
ited by a plague Is incorrect. He la ot
the opinion that the disease was endemic
and was perhaps la grippe.
Dr. Smith highly praises the action of
the miners' union during the sickness.
He says that the union erected a hospi
tal with accommodations for many pa
tients and the society spent thousands In
relieving the sick.
"There are only about 500 peopie at
Tonopah at present," he, said. "We all
expect, however, that within two months
the population will spring up to 2C0O.
I think the camp will become as rich and
as well known as Nome or Dawaon.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental 13
Dr. Landon R. Smith, a physician of
Tonopah, Nev. He is down from the min
ing camp with portions of bodies of men
who met death at the camp, which he
will send to the Marine Hospital to be
carefully examined, so that the disease
which carried off so many miners at
Tonopah recently can be officially diag
nosed.
chise Expires.
Declare for People's Road
When Geary- Street Fran-
Physician Says Recen£ Sick
ness That Killed Many
"Was Endemic.
Supervisors Favor Direct
Line From Perry to !
Dr. Smith Thinks New
Nevada Camp Has
Great Prospects.
ROUTE FOR CITY
STREET RAILWAY
TONOPAH MAY
SURPASS NOME
Bell Tesla Briquettes. $9 per ton.; Best and
cheapest; fuel for kitchen • and prate. Phone
South Vo about them. • v ....^ .,• :
Only Reliable Coal Dealers
Madeleine' Aimes Jones, daughter of
J. B. Maurln. • who died at the French
Hospital recently, filed a contest to the
probate of her father's will yesterday
She alleges that the deceased was of un
sound mind and unduly influenced by
William Pellan. who . Is named as sol«
legatee In th« document.
Daughter Contests Father's Will.
- Angelus Piano Player Recital to-mor
row at 3 p. m. in Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
Hall. See amusement column of this pa
per. Admission free to those who call for
tlc £ e « *} Sherman, Clay & Go.'s Piano
and Music -House: •
The title of the suit of M. A. Carpenter
against the National Law, and Collection
Company to quash summons and: dismiss
the complaint filed by the ; company, was
commenced yesterday, before Justice of
the Peace Dunn. The complaint, which
was filed Tuesday, alleges that the sum
mons was issued illegally by Justices'
Clerk Fredrick, and is Intended to deter
mine whether Fredrick or Windrow Is the
legally constituted clerk. *' : ',,'•¦.'
Attorney - A. G. Maguire appeared ' for
the plaintiff and W. . I. .Thompson for; the
defendant. A. 1 Ruef made a request to be
heard as amicus curlae in the, case, and
the respective counsel having.'- consented
Judge .Dunn granted the request. -The
case was continued till next Saturday at
10 a. m. , t
Judge Dunn Sets a Date for Hearing
• the Justice's Clerk
Case. /
GRANTS RTTEF'S REQUEST TO
ACT AS AMICUS 'CURIAE
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday granted the Bay and Coast Rail
way Company two weeks 1 further time
within which to prove that it intends* in
good faith to expend $25,000 on track con
struction in this city. The matter came
up on consideration of an ordinance de
claring the company's franchise forfeited
because of the company's failure to live
up to its terms. Attorney Baggett prom
ised to file the correspondence received
from the backers of the road in the East
The Board of Works will report on the
advisability of expending $5000 to-repave
Valencia street from Eighteenth street
out.
More Time for. Coast Road.
If so give us a call Saturday morning at 9
o'clock. We place upon sale 5000 pairs ladles'
shoes, sizes 2^C to SEE widths, for 35c a
pair; . all good shoes, made by Nolan & Co.,
Krlppendorf & Llttman" and E. P. Reed ; they
are worth S3 50 a pair; our price on Saturday
35c the pair. Also 3000 pairs children's school
shoes, tame price. Shoes for men 75c a pair.
Busy Bee Shoe Co.. 1029 Market street, above
Sixth. »
Have You Large FeetP
William Demery Dies.
William Demery, a commercial .traveler
in the employ of. the firm of Baker &
Hamilton, died yesterday. at his home at
Los> Angeles. He .was one -. of the best
known traveling men on the coast. - He
was. a prominent member of the Order of
Elks. .,,.;,..
The preliminary examination of Jolin
Glasson, a 14-year-old boy, on the charge
of murder was concluded before Judge
Mogan yesterday and the Judge said he
would render his decision Saturday, inti
mating that there' appeared to be no di
rect evidence to sustain the charge or
that the defendant used anything but his
fists. The defendant and George Nlblock
another boy, were employed at the Eu
reka Boiler Works and they had a fight
on January 12. Nlblock was knocked
down. His head struck against a vise
fracturing his skull, and he died about a
week ago.
Glasson May Be Acquitted.
A. M. . Speck was a native, of Pennsyl
vania. At the time of death his' age ( was
35 years. He taught school for "a period.
About fifteen' years ago he came to* San
Francisco and engaged in the real estate
business. Being endowed' with great-en
ergy and much shrewdness, he built up a
fine business with the assistance of his
brother, John H. Speck. At first he was
on Montgomery street. Then he -removed
to Market street, near the corner of Third,
and there he cpntinued to the time of his
death. He was unmarried. His only rel T
ative on the Pacific Coast is John : H.
Speck, who is a member of the firm. Thi
body will be brought to this city for in
terment unless another brother, who re
sides in Pennsylvania, desires that it shall
be taken East. '•
News reached this cltyi yesterday 7 ; of
the death of A. M. Speck of the real es
tate_firm of A. M. Speck & Co.,' which oc
curred in. Tucson, Ariz. Mr. Speck went
to Tucson some' months ago to'seek-re
lief from .an ailment of the .throat, be-'
lieving ' that change of " climate ' would
prove beneficial. . Since ; then. reports have
been generally favorable to his recovery.
The news 'of death came as "a surprise.;;
Passes Away While Search
ing for Health.
Well Known Real Estate , Dealer
Glascr, A. Freund. C. L.' Muller, A. G. Stroh
A. - Martens, C. Hoditz. M. Fischer and A.
Entzmann. . . . .¦ ; . .. j
BUNKOED ' WHILE ON
HIS' "WAY TO SWEDEN
Joseph Eichlin Falls an Easy Victim
but Has the Steerer Ar
.. . rested.
Joseph R,;Richlin was standing at the
ferry -depot yesterday afternoon waiting
for the, train totake'him East on his way
to Sweden, when an elderly man ap
proached him ; and entered into conversa
tion with him. Richlin told him where he
was' going and the stranger said his father
7rlt eoi 2 e t0 , A ew v York on the same
»i ™ nd would be company for him.
Richlin was induced to go with the
stranger to a room at 138 Fourth street,
w « l r ,f three 5 meji were playing poker
Richlin had a draft for $115 and *17 in
coin in ,his pocket, and his new friend got
™ i, 1^ tak £v. a hand - saying he would
coach him. The usual result followed and
JUchlin came to the conclusion that he
£m £een- swindled He notified Policemen
Mitchell and Small and pointed out a man
on the street- who he claimed was the
stc6rGr. . , ¦ ¦ ¦ - - , .
.The man was arrested 'and 'at "the Cltv
Prison gave the name of N. A. Lunstrun?
He denied knowing Richlin and said he
was a ¦ shoemaker from Port Costa hI
SK,HS O i e< J- 0 iS a Charge of
Richlin, got his property back when he
threatened.to tell the police. •
• - ; KJ«hrsaid'c he : ..was on i his way home
from the stables, and while passing' the
corner of Pacific avenue and Polk street
a man who had his face . covered with -a
dark cloth stepped out. from the shadow
of the wall, and, telling him to keep quiet,
grabbed him by the throat.
The footpad .quickly tore open Kish's
coat -and; vest' and- took $4 50 out of his
pockets. He then . disappeared in the
darkness. Kish described him as a young
man ! about 5 feet 10 or 11 inches tall. '
-Joseph Kish, stableman" at .the Pacific
Riding C^ub, 1649 Pacific avenue, reported
to -the police yesterday morning that he
had been held up and robbed 'by. "a mask
ed footpad Wednesday night about 9
o'clock. ' .''-.'' • .: .' : . .
Street.
Joseph ¦Kish' Relieved of His Coin at
: , Pacific' Avenue and Polk
STABLEMAN " HELD' tTP
'''•¦ .'¦'¦- '¦'];; 'BY;' MASKED FOOTPAD
Lempke., F. «Todt. J. Lang, L. Hoffmann. W.
Gunther, F.EggcrHnB, John Wlese. W. Heln
ecke, L. Scheib; Ch.\Rehn, F. H. Martens, P.
"MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE HAVING. IN CHARGE THE ARRANGE
• MENTS FOR THE GRAND' MASQUERADE BALL, TO BE GIVEN BY
¦.'¦-;• THE.VEREIK EINTRACHT TO-NIGHT.
Walter B. Dexter, who was a fellow
worker with Rice, testified that they left
the shops on First street together on the
evening of the murder and witness left
Rice on the corner of Howard street to
take the car to his home.
The witnesses examined yesterday were
Police Clerk W. H. Levings, who testified
to having had a conversation with Moran
the morning after the murder, when Mo
ran said that he and Buckley, Donnelly
and Duncan met in the saloon and some
one said they were going out to the Mis
sion to do up a "scab." Moran got on
the right side of the car and Buckley and
Donnelly the left side. When the car
stopped at Twentieth and Howard streets
he heard shots and ran away. Detective
R. F. Graham partly corroborated Lev
ings as to Moran's statement. Detectivs
Bailey and Ryan testified to Mor^n hav
ing previously made a statement to them
that at the time of the murder he was
in a. restaurant on Third street.
The prosecution concluded its testimony
yesterday afternoon at the trial before a
jury in Judge Lawlor's court of Thomas
Moran for the murder of George W. Rice,
the non-union machinist,' at Twentieth
and Howard streets on October 11, and the
defense will go on this morning.
fense Goes on To-Day.
Prosecution Closes Its Case and De-
MORAN MURDER TRIAL.
The committee. of arrangements, . com
prising John Hermann; president; O.
Ludewig, vice president; R. Scheel, secre
tary; J. Hartmanshen, treasurer, and C.
Ellenberger, instructor,' has announced
that an old German custom will be fol
lowed at the ball in the awarding of valu
able prizes to the dancers wearing cos
tumes. Prizes will be awarded . for the
most elegant costumes and the best sus
tained characters, and considerable riv
alry exists among the members of the.
Verein Eintracht to secure I the prizes.
Dancing will commence at 8 p. m. and
will be preceded by a promenade concert.
The committee in charge has already sold
more than 1500 tickets, for , the ball and ;
concert, and the liveliest Interest is dis
played in the affair by the German-Ameri
can residents in the city.- ; ¦ • ¦ • ¦¦,• ¦ - - ¦ . \
The following named gentlemen fform ".
the committee-at-large: . .... .
Carl von Hartwlg. F.' Huber, C. Muller..-' J. '
Loffler, L. Schmidt, Otto Thiele,, C. . Wede- .'
meysr, M. Lehman, F. A.. Kuhls, W.'Schep-'. '
pier, A. Klein, G. Audibert, H. C. F. Stahl,
Thomas Maier, A. Joissen, T. H. Vorrath, W.
Korneck, H. Korneck, O. Nagel, F.' M. Freund, •
Ch. Winters, A. Wlrtner, C. Golzqae,-. G. .c
Hotop, J. Peck, A. R.'Kunze.S. Goldstein,
J. Dlssourt, -A. Wittrock, J. Martin, Charles
Trautner. G. K. Zimmermann, Christian Roe
ber, F. Schneegass, Charles A. Stubenrauch,
R. Jentzsch, H. Fortriede, Charles" Schulz, j'. .,;:
Mlchaelsen, U. Remensperger. Joseph LBudde, • <
A. Becker, William Loewe, P. Leonhardt, ; O. '¦• ¦
A. M. SPECK SUCCUMBS
AT TUCSON, ARIZONA
THE members of the Vereln Ein
tracht will give what promises to
be a brilliant masquerade ball to
morrow evening at , Eintracht
Hall, 237 Twelfth street. For many
.weeks the committees in charge have pre
pared for the carnival dance, and every
effort has been made to insure the success
of the ball.
The preliminary examination ofThomas
G. Flaherty, bartender, on the charge of
murder was commenced before Judge
Conlan yesterday. He- is accused of
shooting and killing Frederick H.
in William Umland's barroom, 311 Frank
lin ste-eet, on the night of January 28 last
Corporal George N. Russell produced a
diagram of the scene of the shooting and
explained it in detail.
William Umland testified that on the
night of January 28 the defendant walked
into his place. He kept the door partlv
ajar and saw a woman close behind hiiti
The defendant said: "I want that dog "
and witness replied that It was not there.
The defendant again said he wanted the
dog or he would kill every one in tha
place He made a step forward and
pulled a revolver out of his pocket, point
ing it at witness. Roller jumped from
his chair and tried to swing defendant
against the bar away from the men sit
ting there, and the defendant fired at him
Roller staggered and said, "Bill. I'm
done for." The defendant backed out and
witness said to him: "What do you
mean? You- must be crazy." Defend'ant
fired at the witness and the bullet struck
one of the shelves.
The case was continued till this after
noon at 2 o'clock.
Flaherty Commenced.
Preliminary Hearing of Thomas G.
UMLAND TEIXS OF MtTBDER.
The purpose of the company is to em
ploy American 'labor so tar as possible
in the development of the properties
o-wned by the company and others which
are to be aecuired. Several sugar mills
will be erected, all to be equipped with
the latest and best machinery. Much of
the land held by the company offers su
perior inducements to agriculturists and
in order to secure good people these will
be !eased or sold to settlers at merely
nominal sums. All produce will be handled
by the company and transported by the
company's steamers to San Francisco as a
distributing point. Trade with the island
ers v.-ill be encouraged and it is believed
this will do more to pacify the natives
than anything the army now in the Phil
ippines can hope to do.
In order that there may be no trouble as
to titles to lands to be acquired by the
company or colonists, Congress will be
asked to pass laws by which the present
clouds on titles to property in the Philip
pines may be removed. Congress will be
requested to make special grants to the
company and assist the enterprise in
every possible way. With these purposes
In view, Messrs. Clunie and King visited
\\ asnington several weeks ago and thev
report that they met with the warmest
encouragement The gentlemen named
will leave for the national capital within
the next ten days to mature plans which
are now under consideration.
¦ The company has options on several
large Spanish grants, but until Congress
confirms the title thereto by special legis
lation their acquisition cannot be finallv
consummated. This done the company
will "incorporate, a step to be followed
S^jSginS^ ° f a -te.nufl.lp line
The company intends to purchase a
Bteamer within the next few days and
formally begin business. Laborers will be
sent to the islands and company buildings
will be erected on the island of Mindao,
on which land has been acquired. The
precise location of this post is kept a
secret, but as soon as a basis of operations
has been established trading posts will be
inaugurated in various parts of the island.
As soon as this preliminary work has been
accomplished the company will reincor
porate under another name with a capital
Of *20,000,000.
The objects of the new company were
made public by the directors after the 111
ing of the articles. Since the acquisition
ol the islands by tne United States neany
ail of the traoe has been diverted to
German and English marts. Compara
tively little of the produce of the islands
has found its way to this country through
San Francisco, the natural gateway di
viding this country and the Philippines.
In order to divert this traffic into the
logical channels this company three
years ago sent Professor Perry Hayne of
the State University to the islands with
a view to studying the possibilities of ac
complishing that and other ends. His re
port was most favorable and o/i its re
ceipt immediate steps toward " incorpora
tion were taken.
The directors of tne syndicate are
George W. AlcKear, \\". li. «Jroclter, \V.
H. 'ialbot, T. J. C'lunie, W. G. ±iensnaw,
C. H. King and r . At. Smith. Ine vaiue
of the stocK is fixed at »1WJ a share.
The incorporation is merely preliminary
to tiie lormatJon of a company ot million
aires v.ith a capital ot i'M, i*W.u*>. Tne
principal objects ot the concern will bo
to colonize trie island of Mindanao, the
largest of the Philippine group, puxia
uauuiji ljostt, acquire lanusior agricul
tural and immnt; purposes, uuno. raii
va»s, erect sugar muis anu otner raanu
lactoHes, corsii uci vvatei worKo anu last
ly 10 niadguiau a stc-iimsnip "ne oetween
toan 1-ranc.vco ana tne islands.
me prouKitem or the eojerprise are
c«ipi..alVi> 1 inauy of whose names are
pwwets in me financial and ousiness
wuiius of Nfw lorK, cnicago and San
1-iaiicisc-o. l'iicee include ueoi-ge rt. Alc
2vt<i.r, presiaoni vt tne m.i i-ranciscu
Jii.c-rcnanit i^xchai.Be; \\\ n. lalbot or"
the liim of ru^e o: xalbot; j . J. ciunie,
lormcr Conj,i>.^nian irom tms city; w.
<i. rtc-nshu\>, uicsidont of the Cnion Sav
ings iini'.n oi Oaitiand; C. H. K.ing. a
caiJitalist of oaKianu; W. t±. Croc-Ker, the
millionaire baniier, of this city: l'\ Al.
fcmitn, me '"liorax King"; William M.
tsiiiis, the capitalist anu mine owner;
i-rank iiaveiis, secretary of tne Keaity
bynaioaie; James D. Phelan, former
Juayor ot fean rrancisco; f. k.. Bowies,
A. J. Hechman, ivicuard BaKer, Jona %'.
Yv"iniam& ana iticnaru iJeialieid. In ad
dition to these aie such men as Stuy
vtsunt rish, a New YorK millionaire; r\
y. Watson, a capitalist of Cnicago, and
several others who are identiried uuh im
company as shareholders.
An enterprise of international impor
tance was inaugurated yesterday by the
filing of articles of incorporation of the
Philippine Exploration Company, with a.
capital stock Ol tdOD.WQ, of which flsu.OW
has been subscribed.
As the prosecution desired to call Hay
wards as a witness Judge Cook adjourned
the hearing of the case until 10 o'clock
this morning. The case Is expected to go
to the Jury this afternoon, as the defense
announced yesterday that it would call
no witnesses as to Gillespie's character,
and arguments of counsel will be mado
to-day.
Mrs. Griffin, the widow of the man
killed by Gillespie, testified that on the
night of the shooting her husband came
home quarrelsome and broke a number
of dishes. She denied that her husband
had abused or had used insulting lan
guage toward Mrs. Gillespie.
In answer to a question by the attor
neys for the defense Mrs. Griffin stated
that she did not know why her husband
broke the dishes and was in a quarrel
some state. She supposed that it was on
account of having had words with some
one before he arrived home.
Calvert was called by the prosecution
to testify, but made a poor witness, and
his version of the affair was of a nature
to indicate that Gillespie was not /to
blame.
'ine prosecution sought to impeach Gil
lespie's testimony by showing that he
hau bitten the ear of a young man named
Robert G. Calvert. Before Calvert was
called Gillespie volunteered a statement
as to his trouble with him. lie stated
that Calvert and a companion named
Maywards had roomed in nis house and
he had reprimanded them for making a
noise in the early hours of the morning.
The two men attacked Gillespie and a
rough and tumble fight ensued, when Gil
lespie defended himself.
When the trial was resumed yesterday
Giilesjiie was piacea on trie witness stand
tor the purpose of cross-examination by
tue prosecution. The defendant was
asked a& to certain testimony given by
him at tne preliminary examination, when
he stated that he had never been
in trouble before and had never been ar
rested.
The trial of George D. Gillespie for the
murder of William D. Griffin on the night
of August 20 last was resumed yesterday
! before Judge Carroll Cook and a jury.
j* Gillespie, who was the landlord of a
' lodging-house at 119 Ninth street, shot
'and killed Griffin during a dispute as to
I the latter's conduct toward his wife and
! Airs. Gillespie. The defense made by
I Gillespie is^hat in the altercation Griffin
I rfizea a knu'e and aiso made a. motion
\ ks if to draw a pistol and Uhlespie aimed
; his revolver, but had no mtent.on *ol pull
ing me trigger, uoing so unintentionally.
Steamship Line and Several
Industries Will Be
Established. <
Prosecution Make Effort to
Impeach Previous Tes
timony.
Defendant Tells About
the Killing by Him
of W. D. Griffin.
Company Is Organized
. to Develop Resources
of Philippines.
ISLANDS WILL
BE COLONIZED
BILLESPIE CASE
NEARS THE END
MEMBERS OF THE VEREIN EINTRACHT
WILL GIVE BRILLIANT MASQUERADE
For Many Weeks Com mittee in Charge of Entertainment
VHas Been Preparing for Carnival Dance and Promenade
Concert Which Will ufe^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtL, FRIDAY, FEBRlJARY; 14, 1902.
12
'_ ADXCEBTISEMEMTS.
NEW
Large Collection Just Arrived
46 BALES
PERSIAN dllQ'3
WILL BE ON VIEW
TO-/WORROW.
—
WILL BE SOLD OUT AT
AUCTION
COMMENCING
MONDAY, FEB. 17,
AT 2 P, M.
Every Rug Guaranteed NOT
"Doctored," "Acid Washed" or
"Chemically Treated."
Bale absolutely without reserve or limit.
This will be Rug buyers* opportunity. *
Genuine Antiques actually at your own price.
M. B. MIHRAN,
329 Pfl^T ~ 1VEAR POWELL.
001 rUOl 01. Opposite Union Square. I
jf. B.— An illustrated lecture will be given ;
at the opening, on this new process of doctor-
ing rugs and lt» ruining effects, supported by
reputable authorities.
[' - >
fids eignature is on everj box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieta
Mm tesaody ibtU core* a e«ia in ©»« Omj,
I ; *®Sfe^^fl^^^^^ r ' PATENT DAV- 1
¦ *.TSTPOBT DIVAN AND • |
..-..;¦¦.¦. -.'.-¦-¦'..".;:- ..;¦; i; : p»-- v ¦¦¦'¦ CHAIR: folding bed. If
It costs less than ah Upright or % Mantel/Folding -Bed and H
makes a handsome "and useti 1 article of furniture for parlor or sit- H
ting room, yet it includss a huKinaitiess^and a convenient recep- w
• . •; tacle for-bedcloth'ing. We make them in three sizes. §1
/ pi •- Take advantage \ of our special ¦ discount' sale " only for a few 5
days longer. '•. ' • '" H
KRAGEN FlRNITlRECO^Ipl5-IOI7MarketSt M 1
f Tel. South 371. - • ' V v : Opp. Taylor. H
; . _ A3) VEBTISEMENTS.
TAILOR-MADE SUITS, Oxford, Black and Navy Blue ; \
1 some were $20.00 and $22.50, c\\rs r*^ \
I • Special
NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, Black, Navy and Tan, |
1 elaborately trimmed, fine Taffeta Silk, lined \
I >. throughout ; were $37.50 and $40.00, ginr f\n 1
1 . Special OZD.UU I
I NAVY AND OXFORD RAGLANS AND THREE- f,
I QUARTER COATS; were $10.00, $r fin E
I Special hSu.UU v
I BLACK TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS, elaborately |
I mounted; were $12.50, 07 Eft 1
1 Special Ol.Oll I
I EXTRA QUALITY BLACK VENETIAN SKIRTS, per- I
I feet fitting ; regular price $7.50, ft r ft ft I
1 Special $5.00
I A FlsLsh of Li&hf i
1 * I" the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious E
1 California Limited
a jjleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from |
U San Francisco to Chicago In three days i-
Hj'- ¦¦ ¦.,.- .•-¦¦ k