While the theory of a possible collision between the -lost Matteawan' and the
Condor has been. advanced, it is far more likely that the warship was swamped
by heavy seas and foundered during v the storm off Cape Flattery. On the night
of December 3 the gale blew .with terrific violence from the southeast, and-at the
'same X time there was i a ' heavy . southwest - swelli ' making a confused sea which
'would be dangerous to a well-decked vessel' of the class of the Condor. If her
decks filled,: as .they would when. she labored In such a storm, the large well deck
.would hold several tons of water, which would prevent her rising to meet the
.'next high sea which might sweep aboard. 'Then, too, the heavy guns might have
;broken from their lashlngs'and rolled about .the eve"r tilting decks.
'.-.''y.- ICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 31.— The i arrival ;of the Grant and Egeria from the
' / west coast is being awaited: with considerable Interest, for.it Is probable
/- they will ! have found along the VAncouver Isl*nd coast, the graveyard
Wr of the Paciflc, some tangible evidence of the fate of the missing war
* T ship "Condor." The Egeria Is bringing back the boat picked up, near
. AhoUjSett. by Indians. ' . '
This boat; which may be the only thing belonging to the Condor given up by
the sea; was evidently swept from its lashings on the warship by the high seas.
Naval men say the fact that the iron gripes were still in place shows that the
sailors did; not, have time to launch the 5 craft, for had they done so the gripes
would have been removed. The boat, without doubt, -was carried • away from Its
lashings, which are securely fastened when the .warships leave for sea.
NAVAL MEN BELIEVE CONDOR SANK
BEFORE BOATS COULD BE LOWERED
i The machlriists.V unions ¦, have •' protested
j that : they vwere' in way! responsible for
1 injuries ; done i.the •; locomotives: u Commit-'
[tees are "now, laboring* with ; the *Union' Pa-'
jcifiQ.ofilcialsih kiifeffdrt to exonerate the"
['unions. /¦' .¦-:.-¦:,¦.;-•. ¦-.'</. '..-¦ , ;..-¦• : \. ,\-
It is believed • that .the , ..'unions' trouble
with the company, has its rise in.the Tuse'
of the immense compound' engines which
. the Union 1 Paciflc has recently =< been^ add
ing to the'service' fromthe Baldwin'Loco
motive Works. - It 'has ; been '¦¦ found v that
I three' engines j have : been 'tampered : v,'ith
as ,they. were 'being put in condition at the"
; various shops In 1 the -.West. The men" have
.looked fupbn them' with "smair favor inas
'niuchias non-union 'workmen:- had •¦ con-'
.structed ;. them: /;; ' v. ; . ,••: . :.
The unions. fear, that the . company's 'ac'-"
tion" is. the first. step v in; the. discharge: of
all the union machinists on . the .system
n.nd they will make ( a '.desperate 'effort to
secure the reinstatement, of their fellows.
Included 'among those 'dispensed swith
are four ..officers; in .the unions and, many
ether prominentunion workers. "The men
have, been" dropped - from the rolls gradu
ally during the. last three weeks with" a
statement that a slackness existed in the
%vork. •¦ - '¦• ' , : ' ..'. ':' '¦¦¦:: y.
OMAHA, Jan. , 31.--The machinists',
unions of Nebraska -have^ begun an .in
quiry ¦ into' the iaischarge of eighty: union
employes at .the: Union Paciflc shops iln
this city, arid to the westward. ' I, ,, \
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
Many Railroad Employes
in V-Nei)raskai'Ijbse
," ¦ '> ¦ ¦ '¦ '." ¦ ¦¦.'¦ ¦¦',!' ... ' .
UAqiTlAyirt' ' ' ' .' : '
UNIONS FERA
WAR HAS BEGUN
ON MACHINISTS
i; • Dr. McKenzie, who lately denied that
; a t niece and- nephew, who-have since re
1 turned to the East,- were afflicted . with
;sm'allpox> despite the 'diagnosis of other
physicians " to , the contrary, .. is . severely
censured by his; friends'. and. neighbors* be
;cause' of his pe'culiai' actions. , His condi
tion is further proof .that his ' relatives;
were afflicted with smallpox, .aiidtitl-is
, supposed, the doctor iaid 'not . -le^ the'public'
;khow. of his condition' for the reasori'.t'hat
;he. 'would, thereby 'be found' to h'aW. f erred
! in:hifl diagnosis. ¦ '¦¦'¦": ¦¦:,¦/:--¦;
"It is not a time for thinking.'! replied
Dr. Booth.- "You have varloloid."
; The physician' s face .was "'¦ broken out
with the disease. The officials,; after fumi
gating themselves, made their'^ report and
the, McKenzie home was at once "quaran
tined. - • ¦;;;¦:¦¦¦.- -. ¦¦'¦]
sisted to *,his feet.
"What do you think is. the matter with
me?" asked. Dr. McKenzie as he was as-
been said by the members of; his family
that the" physician had "gone 1 to. Los An
geles for his health. He had been suffer- ;
irig-, 'they declare'd," froni bilious fever,' but
had gained sufficient' strength' to make the
•southern trip. Friends of the family were
dally visitors '-at the home,- little '-'thinking
that' a variolold patienf.was' in the house.
During -the last day or so, however, a
: rumor, was circula'ted to; the effect that'
Dr. McKenzie' hadiiotlert his home." Ke
cause of this' the "Kern Health Board
called>for an. investigation.;' ! . .
Health Officer' Williams and Dr. Booth,
who has had charge of : the epidemic In
Randsburg, told Mrs. McKenzie they !jad
come to search the house. ¦ While sur
prised, she made no objections and ttie ;
searching party, after going through iJl
the rooms, ' finally discovered the physi
cian in acrouching attitude in a closet"
I adjoining a bedroom. ;. 1. .* v'r '". ; I ¦ I
.- BAKERSFIELDj Jan. 31. T For, the past
ten : days Dr.; McKenzie; has; been in. hid-;
j ing in a room j of. his residence in Kern
City, a", sufferer; from varibloidi It. had
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Kern City Health Officers
:' Search Home of Dr. ;
McKenzie.- •
But even should they refuse to enter the
agreement such jefusal would not appre
ciatively affect the .situation, as. the
freighters of these, two companies,*, numer
ous and capacious as. they are, -would be
wholly uuable to " carry the vast amount
of freight which -annually-'moves-'east
ward Irom this country.; • . = ' •-
One thing Is certain, shippers of grain,
flour and provisions tvW hereafter have
to pay the increased charges demanded
or keep the stuff at' home. . Every British
and American line has been brought 1 into
the combination, and while- it- is possible
that some of the German, companies may
compete, it is-beileve'd these, too, will be
come signatories to the afrreement as soon
as the two German directors of the Ham
burg-American line 'and -the " North Ger
man Lrloyd, who' are 'now oh their way to
New York, reach this ocrt.
So far as could be learned t.o-nicht no
pooling of interests regarding passenger
rates, eithor cabin or steerage, has been
discussed, but with, the establishment of
this vast community of Interests as re
gards freight charges, some other and
perhaps cioscr alliance Is confidently pre
dicted.
Although, denied, by every" agent, who
was Questioned to-day, this agreement re
garding rates' ( li general.y .believed to
have been directly connected with the re
cent arrival here of several 'foreign repre
sentatives of various lines. These came by
the White Star liner C^ltica week ago,
and ever since their embarkation" at Liv
erpool the cables were kept . busy with
rumors as* to what was bringing so many
of them to v the country at the sarie time.
These denied to-day that their api---. ranee
had anything <todo\ with the new agree
ment, but In well-informed maritime cir
cles much significance is attached to the
fact that this new pool should have been
formed so soon after their arrival.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— It was definitely
announced to-day that the varloussteam
ship lines whose fleets ply between Amer
ican and English ', ports '- had ' reached an
agreement • regarding-; ~ outward freights,"
and that the nefcr rates would go Into ef
fect to-morrow. . Although only three
classes of shipments are affected by the
freight pool rates into which all the lines
plying- between: .England and .America
seem to have entered, these three are. the
most Important . of , all the .outward car
goes and include grain, flour and provis
ions. On each of these the freight charges
have been increased" greatly, .grain being
advanced from %d a bushel ,to 1'^d. Flour
moves from 6s 3d to 7s 6d, and 'provisions
from 7s 6d to 10s a ton. ¦ ' ' ¦ - • .'
Special ' Dispatch to The .Call.
Atlantic Steamships, In
crease Charges /
on Freight. . . : -
FIND SMALLPOX
VICTIM HIDING
IN A CLOSET
LINES ENTER
AGREEMENT TO
RAISE RATES
"The esroiitlal object ofv a revision of
ice treaties !s to favor the Chinese finan
cial stability and promote ability to buy
:u any market and to exchange native
products wherever produced on equal
terms with all nations. Tho inequalities
of the likin tax should be removed, and
lixed rates for al) of China could be sched
uled according to the importance and
value of Lbe imports. The application to
the uiicle cf China of the 'open door' is
:iut required. Equal opportunity should
he had by all trailing, nations to sell
throughout ' the empire. Lower duties
r,liGwiri pe attached to Imports tending ts
(tave!c*p Chinese productiveness. Soecial
traue favors 10 any power on the ground
i-t reciprocity, territorial occupation, or
rphcrcs of influence, should be guarded
ajrefWKt vy the, £ir;;:ger.t favored nation
clam.*, .Sow and for iho future it is i\ec-
Eary to secure increased access to Inte
rior rr-jirkels. Tlic fanning: of Chinese
revenues should be restricted, if not wholly
Cl*>ccir.:'i:ucil, and an hpnest and uniform
irEp'-rizLl liscal systera be substituted, and
an advisory representation .should be had
Ly the principal commercial powers In the
central customs administration, allowing
a re.-150r.able tonnage tax on foreiR7t cars:o
vessels, leaving coasting rxade to China,
vritb' n proviso i.hnt no additional duties
fall on transshipped foreign goods or do
mestic products bonded or certified for ex
port."
Essential Object \ of Revision.
The facts In connection with the com
mercial negotiations are given In the re
port of Rockhill, as Special Commissioner
to China, an advance copy of which was
obtained for The Call to-day. It is ex
pected that the commercial treaty will
also contain a provision for the abolition
of the llkin octroi and a new adjustment
of taxes. Certainly an effort to secure
the assent of China to such a provision
v.-lll b« .made- The attitude of Secretary
Kay has not changed regarding trade
between the United States end China, as
Ltated 1n his instructions sent some
u.ontlis ago to Rockhill as follows:
The foregoing provision Is so Iron-clad
that Secretary Hay is confident that it
will enable the United States to enjoy
the same rights and privileges of what
c\-er character as may be accorded to
ether nations. As a result of the diplom
acy of Secretary Hay, this Government
obtained declarations from all the powers
in 1S33 and again during the Boxer revolt
recognizing the "open door." but the pro
vision which it is proposed to incorporate
in the projected commercial treaty will
make more difficult the evasion of this
principle.
"That whatever privilege, exemption,
benefit or advantage that is already or
may hereafter be conceded by China to
official representatives or to merchants,
subjects or citizens of any other country
In respect of their persons, property,
rights or occupations shall be at the
same time extended to Ufce "official" repre^*
centatives. merchants and citizens of the
United States; that the lowest ¦ rates of.
duties or charges imposed upon personal
property cr articles of international com
merce of any foreign national origin shall
be immediately applicable to a like arti
cle of United States origin, and no other
cr higher duties, charges, burdens or re
strictions of any kind shall be imposed
on exports of the United States than
those imposed upon exports of the most
favored nation. All privileges, rights, ex
tmptlons and benefits now or hereafter
accorded by China to vessels of any other
foreign nation or to their cargoes or.offi
cers and crew£ shall be equally enjoyed
by those of the United States. It' is fully
understood by both high contracting par
1 ies that the United States, citizens there
of and their property and personal rights
;.'.r.d privileges in China shall continue to
le treated on the most favorable terms
conceded by China, to any foreign nation
«.:r people."
Protecting American Trade.
commercial treaty with the Peking Gov
ernment. When in Peking. Special Com
missioner Rockhill, under Instructions
given him by Secretary Hay. made an
earnest effort to induce the powers to
agree to the negotiation of & joint com
mercial treaty with China. Europe was
not prepared, however, to co-operate with
the United States, ¦ and it therefore be
came necessary to negotiate separate
commercial arrangements. In the new
treaty there will be Incorporated a pro
vision which will read something like
this: '^-y-'
CAI-L BUREAU. 1406 'G STREET. N.
TT^ WASHINGTON, Jan. SL— Though the
United States failed to secure the
insertion In the Chinese protocol , of
a provision insuring the mainte
nance of the "open door" • in Chi
na, this result 'will be achieved, it
Is learned, by the negotiation of a new
EsaeUI Diapctch to The Call.
•XJnited States Is 2daking a New Com
xaercial Treaty In Which, the
Tavored ITatioa" Clause .
¦ 'i-':Xj: Is Bespected.
to Be Achieved by Nego"
tiation With the Peking ;
Government.
Maintenance of "Open
Door" Policy in China
Assured.
AMERICAN
TRADE IS
PROTECTED
WOMAN JOINS THE BIDDLE BROTHERS IN FIERCE
BATTLE WITH THE PURSUING POSSE OF OFFICERS
WARDEN'S
HE USES
10 GUNS
Mrs. Soffel and^ Escaping
Murderers Finally
Shot Down.
Daring Desperadoes Riddled
With Buckshot and One
Cannot Recover.
Infatuated Dupe of the Jail Breakers,
After Being Wounded, Fires a
Bullet Into Her Breast, but
Corset Saves Her Lif s.
- THE MISSING .BRITISH: SLOOP .OF WAR CONDOR AND A GROUP. OF. HER OFFICERS, ;WHO ARE BELIEVED,
' ¦'¦ .- TO HAVBi GONE DOWN WITH THE VESSEL' DURING THEVTERRIFIC STORM THAT PRVAILED OFF CAPE
.';¦'. FLATTERY: EARLY IN DECEMBER. .-¦••• '^^-.^y'-^^ \'-\ ¦
• The j Chinese were, securely^; tied-wlth
ropes ; to ; nearby . objects .and '.the thieves
proceeded -to. "go ; through ; them.'.' ".-With
¦theVsmall' change in the gardeners' pock-,
e'ts and a little 'store , hidden . away; the
thlevcsmanagedto get about $60 in! cash,
together J ,with " a A watch.';.^"With'- : this : they"
[made: their departure^ leaving"the' Chinese
I tied- to the -walls ' of the house,* In ) which"!
¦ condition 1 they* were discovered this mornV
: iiig. ; :' ':':'-'.;¦¦ ; - v ' ¦;-..'." ' . ' .'.1
their gardens _ in the . ; vicinity of ' , Van
Asselt, six miles south of Seattle. • It was
10"ro|clock ; when "> they-, became .' settled
around ''.their fire '. and ' began smoking
their lqngTpipes., Suddenly, the door;flew_
open and in rushed six or seven men, all
armed.\ • They,- attacked ; the and.
bore "them'to ; th'e7floor. .'There ;jwas : little
resistance... Those 'who ' attempted ; to ex
ercise ; their ? vocal ', ' organs -were quickly
silenced by. blows on , the j head 1 i
•Ijast night, after,, the Chinese had fin
ished ; their, day's 'work, I they repaired* to
their. ; house, a. rude /shelter built 'near
SEATTLE, • Jan. ; 31.— One v 'of , the most
daring crimes- that has beenVcommitted
in the suburbs of ¦ Seattle in . some time
was reported^ to the' police " morning.
Teh Chinese gardeners' were, assaulted;
bound arid robbed 'by \ a gatig of * six, or
seven; highwaymen. ThereMsno trace of
the thugs. " . . '.; . .
Special Dispatch -to ; The Call.
Thugs In vad e : Mongolian
Quarters in -Suburb
'. of : Seattle.! - ,J;
LEAVE CHINESE
VICTIMS BOUND
TO THE WALLS
CRIME IN SALE
OF FRANCHISES
IS THE CHARGE
.,: ¦ :. . - :¦¦,„•. :--¦>. ¦ - : .. - ¦. . ¦ .. ; , ¦.
Prominent St. Louis Men
V, Are Taken Into ¦ ;,
1- ¦•;;:¦;;; Custody.. "
, Special - Dispatch to The Call.
¦; ST.. LOUIS, Jan.. 31.-Harry A. Foulk
ner, '¦ member ' of the • present? House of
Delegates, from .the Twenty-third . Ward,
and Julius Lehmann, former member of
the House, "were arrested to-day on bench
warrants » Issued by .Judge. Wood at the
order of the Grand Jury, which' is inves
tigating, the charges of alleged corruption
in the municipal assembly. , .
¦ The two men arrested are charged with
bribery'; in connection with. the suburban
street railway franchises. It was report
ed; that:another bench warrant had been
issued late this afternoon/ but this could
not -be verified.
The Grand Jury will adjourn to-morrow.
Its report ; is - awaited ] with intense inter-^
e'stl V Circuit Attorney Joseph Foulk ' is
authority. for the statement that the next
Grand;" Jury,' will take up the" bribery; in
vestigation where this one leaves off and
will , go into, every detail of the alleged
corruption in the municipal assembly and
elsewhere". in- connection with- street rail-"
way '¦ and : other • legislation. . . ¦ '
PITTSBURG, Jan. SI.— Edward Biddle
!s dying in the jail at Butler; John Biddle
is riddled with . buckshot and in a pre
carious condition, . and Mrs. Peter K.
Soffel is lying in the hospital with a self
inflicted bullet wound in the breast. This
fs the sequel of the sensational -escape
of the Biddle brothers from the Allegheny
County Jail, aided by Mrs. Soffel, wife of
the jail warden, on Thursday morning.
The" close of the Biddle tragedy cama
at '5:43 o'clock this afternoon In a snow
covered road,* two miles east of Prospect,
Butler County, near Mount Chestnut. The
exact place was at McClure's barn, where
two double team sleighs, filled with eight
officers, three of them Pittsburg detec
tives, John Roach, Albert Swlnehart nnd
Charles McGovern, met the two Biddies
in a one-horse sleigh, stolen at Ferrys
ville, and at once opened fire on the trio.
. Biddies Return the Fire.
The Riddles returned the f.re after
jumping* out of the sleigh. Mrs. Soffel
was shot in the breast. Edward
Biddle was shot in the left arm, in the
breast and In. one leg. John Biddle was
riddled .with buckshot in the breast and
head.
c The Pittsburg officers were met at But
ler^thls " afternoon' by Deputy Sheriffs
Rainey and . Hoon and Officers Frank
Holliday and Aaron Thompson, the latter
under command of Chief of Police Robert
Ray v of Butler.
The officers were certain that they were
on right trail and it was only a question
of time when they would overtake the
escaping condemned murderers and their
.guilty companion. .-
The Biddies and Mrs. Soffel ate dinner
at J. J. Stephens, at Mount Chestnut, five
miles east of Butler. /They had made a
detour of the town of 'Butler and after
going seven miles east turned north and
then went west. The Pittsburg officers,
only . a few miles in the rear, took tho
wrong. road for about eight miles, but
when they, found thelrmi3take they mado
up lost time, by telephoning and tele
graphing ahead for fresh horses.
[¦ Officers Escape . Injury.
They reached Mount Chestnut not more
than half, an hour after the Biddies and
Mrs. Soffel. At this point William Wat
son, storekeeper, had fresh horses .wait
ing for them and the chase for life began
anew.
The two sleighs carrying the eight offi
cers met the Biddies and Mrs. Soffel at
McClure's barn, two miles from Mount
Prospect. The Biddies, having learned
that they were almost overtaken and tak
ing what they considered the only chance
they N had drove eastward and met their
doom.
The Pittsburg and other officers were
armed with Winchester rifles and revolv
ers of large caliber. They shot to kill, and
their aim was perfect. The Biddies tried
to kill to the last of their string,' but not
one of the eight officers has a wound as
a result of the battle.
Woman Shoots at Pursuers.
When tho • detectives got within about
sixty, yards of the fugitives they opened
fire. The Biddies promptly answered with
shotgun and revolvers. 'Mrs. Soffel. too,
stood up In tho sleigh with a revolver In
either hand and blazed away at her pur
suers. When Ed Biddle fell and when she
saw that* she -was about to be captured
she fired a bullet into her breast. "An ex
amination of her wound shows that she
will recover, aa tho bullet' was deflected
by her corset anu the wound Is compara
tively slight. ' . . .
John Biddle May Recover.
Edward Biddle -got a buUet in the
breast, which penetrated his right lung,
and will probably- end hl3 life before
morning. 7
John .Biddle may ,\ recover, as. hl3
wounds,' though numerous, failed to reach
a vital spot. The escape of the offlcers 13
miraculous. The Biddies have demon
strated on several occasions that they are
good marksmen -and why they should
have failed to-day to bring down their
men la a mystery. .
After the Biddies fell to the snow-cov
ered ground the officers picked up the ap
parently lifeless bodies of Mrs. Soffel and
the Biddies and took^ them ' back ' to But
lcrV where they ajso took the stolen sleigh,
and patched up the harness and worn-out
horse that the trio had made use of In
their flight. 89G
rThc story of the fight as told by one of
the detectives .follows:
Story Told by a Detective. ;
•The BMdles were alttlng on the right »Me »
of r the cutter. Mra. Soffel was on the left side.
When Detective McGovern called to them to" .
hpld up their hands and surrender Ed Biddle
Continued on Page Tw%
China Seals Sold at Auction.
• LONDON, Jan. 31.— The seals which ara
alleged to' have belonged .to the Dowager
Empress of China and to have been looted
at Peking,;- to, which attention was called
in; the" House "of Commons yesterday,- in
aneffort^to prevent their sale.were sold
at : auction to-day [and brought £386. r>-\
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCL— NO. 63.
SAN FRANCISCO, SJ^URBA^xFEBJRU AEY g 1, 1902.
:. When the "now missing- British sloop of '. war. Condor was at New .Westmins
ter last October her commander. Captain Selater, is said to have been quite out
. spoken in- his i criticisms of the seaworthiness c-f.; his ship. He is now reported
as saying, that the .Condor's construction was poor; that with her high poop
deck and forecastle and her high bulwarks and well decks it would go hard
with her if one o£ her larger guns were to break from Its lashings., as *did one
of the 9-pounders of the. flagship Warsplte ; in the heavy gale of December 3.
¦ Captain Ross -of the collier San Mateo, ; now at Nanalmo, reported to-night
ithat»on his last trlpfrom Nanalmo, about January 16, he met a boat in" the straits
/which he believed was that of a warship. It was painted white and had a square
'stern. There was no name on it and it was empty." He. is strongly of the opinion
¦that it belonged to the Condor. r
The San Francisco Call.¦ PHILADELPHIA, Jan. S 31.'— The steamer S.
V. Luckenback," from ..Charleston, • S. , C; . for
Philadelphia, lumber-laden, is hard aground
on Ben Davis Shoal, in the Delaware Bay..
TUOLUMNE, Jan. " 31.— Suit has been
filed in this County by Mrs. Caroline Gar
czinskl of. New York, \ who alleges that
E. A. Beers conspired t9 defraud her of
$10,000, and accuses J.. A. Crow, J. c.
Sandridge and G.' E. Hutchlnson ; of t com
plicity. The complaint, was filed by. Sena
tor J. B. ¦ Curtin. The property, involved
comprises a\ number of mining claims in
the Jawbone, district, v /- :-'¦. ." ; ,".
Accuses .Tuolumne Men of Fraud.
PORTLAND, Jan. 31.-Alf EUinghouse
of San ,- Francisco was married this even
ing to Miss Lillian M. Siebien of Port
land.. The wedding, took place at the
home of Rev. George ;C.Cressey, pastor
of the Unitarian' church. .The briSe and
groom were attended by Mr. and 1 Mrs
Vic Schilling.. Mr., and -Mrs.: EUinghouse
will leave to-morrow for New. York City
where they will spend their honeymoon. '
Alf EUinghouse "Weds in Portland
LONDON,; Feb. .1.— From Peking the
correspondent of the ¦ Daily ; Times cables
that: Great Britain and Japan, supported
by the United States, .while : not opposing
the completion of an equitable, agreement
safeguarding: Russia's interests, : energet
ically, protest j against the Infringement of.
their, rights, involved in the agreement be->
tween China and the Russo-Chinese Bank,
which gives Russia exclusive mining and
other privileges. " ; '.-¦: >- \ : ;
: ' The signing of this agreement has there
fore .been delayed: , Germany has" taken
no action in this. matter, but on the con
trary,' has given many; indications' of r ap
proval .of Russia's policy,;: which ''¦:, would
furnish her with an easy, pretext for ob
taining i • similar • ? preferential ¦''-. rights
throughout Shantung -province. ',
Object to Infringement of
¦;¦.":' Bights, in" China.
Britain, United 'States and Japan
PROTEST OF NATIONS .
COMPELS THE DELAY
Professor Prince busied himself here to
day in obtaining information from Cana
dians who may enter the northern fishing
business . if the competitive Americans
shall be forcibly .retired. • ...
.It ..will be remembered that in the Bering
dispute the Americans claimed that that
sea was a "mare clausum," but the 1 plea
failed. ....
There are ten large fishing steamers and
a dozen smaller ones, bringing halibut
from the waters indicated. All these ves
sels-are American owned, although some
of them : are operated from Vancouver.
The contention is made to do away with
competition to ! vessels which Canadian
companies would place in the business if
the Americans were compelled to retire
It is claimed that the stretch "of water
down .to Queen Charlotte Sound Is a
"mare clausum"— a . closed sea— in .which
Canadians and Canadians alone have the
right to fish. ¦ : . , ...........
.VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 31.— That.the
valuable halibut fisheries of the British
Columbia coast, inside the northern, end
of Vancouver Island and the whole of the
maritime district alone the eastern shores
of the Queen Charlotte Islands, belongs
altogether to Canada is the claim urged
by Professor Prince, head of the depart
ment, who said in Vancouver to-day that
the contention would be forwarded to
Washington officially to ascertain what
opinion the American Government could
offer. ."¦?-.." ,\ ¦ -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Would Drive Americans
Prom Her Western
Coast.
CANADA CLAIMS
HALIBUT WATERS
May Land Dr. Sherrod
of Carrville in a
Madhouse.
It was at this time that Mrs. Soffel was seen
to collapse in the sleigh. The detectives ap
proached the wounded men and Detective
t-winehart was rushing in on them, when De
tective McGovern called to him to stay back.
that the Biddies were only feigning. Detective
Roach saw Ed Biddle reach for his coat pocket
as if' for a pun and the detective shot him
again. UcGovern ran up w.ithln five feet of
the boys and emptied his Winchester into them.
The Biddies then yielded and Roach and Mc-
Govern handcuffed them hands and feet and
they were taken to Butler. Mrs. Soffel, who
had fallen from the sleigh when the horse ran
away, was picked • up and placed in the detec
tlves' large sleigh with her companions and
taken to the hospital at Butler. . - .
Ed Biddle's Dying- Statement.
At the jail to-night Ed Biddle called
for a priest and made the following state
ment: '.
I have been accused cf a great many serious
crimes. I admit that I have committed many
B.s the opportunities for them presented them-
Fclves. I want to say now that I did not kill
Detective Fitzgerald nor did I shoot Thomas
Kahney, nor was my brother Implicated in the
latter affair. Mrs. Soffel aided us In getting
out of the County Jail, and had it not been
for her we would have made our escape to
day. She gave up everything for us and I
was bound to back her. I did not shoot her.
She «hot herself.
Although I have been pictured to you as a
desperate man I still have some heart and
gratitude for the woman who helped us to
escape. She merely -did it out of sympathy
lor us. I persuaded her to. do It. I told her
I was guiltless of the crime for which I was
sbcut to be executed and she was impressed
.' nd yielded ' to my ! suggestion. I planned it
ell.
Father Walsh administered the last
r'tes of the dying, and Biddle rolled over
rn his face and sighed. He was asked
If he -wanted any word taken . to his
brother and he shook his head.
Mrs. Soffel made a statement after hor
< apture, In which she said she became In
volved in the affair through her sympa
i hy for Ed Biddle. She said she now real
ized • her mistake and wished she was
'"«ad. She said she did not ehoot herself
l ut was the first one shot by the detec
tives. The officers say the woman was
armed, but do not think she fired any
rhots.
Dr. J. E. Ayers, who examined the Bid
dies and Mrs. Soffel as soon as the pris
oners were taken into the County Jail
made the following statement to-night •
The ¦wounds of ell three prisoners are exceed
ingly grave and may result fatally before an
fther twenty-four hours. The bullet which
struck Mrs. Soffel. and which appears to be
«**lf-lnflicted. entered her left breast, going
through the nipple and passing back about six
inches, through her chest It lodged under the
fkin of the back, almost opposite its point of
entrance. From my examination of Mrs.
,. Soffel* wound I think ehe may live, but her
• xposure to the cold and the excitement and
r«*rvou« chock of this affair may eo complicate
matters that her wound may prove fatal.
Chancellor Entertains Prince.
CERLIN. Jan. 3L-Prince and Princess
Henry of Prussia. Andrew D. White
1 nited States Ambassador here, and Mrs'
White; John B. Jackson, Secretary of the
Embassy, and Mrs. Jackson, together
with a large company, were entertained
ct dinner to-night by Count von Bulow
ihe Imperial Chancellor. *
CHRISTIAMA. Norway, Jan. 31.— The sum
r( nearly 3,000,000 kroner was sent by postal
< i dcr« from persona in the United fitates to
« ifnds <n Norway during the rear 1901;
Notable Telegram From Alaska,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3L— The first tele
rraph mestnge that has reached here dl
i cct!y in one day from Fort Egbert, Alas
1 a. came to-day to General Greely it
vas a request from the signal officer' sta
t:oncd there for more dogs and an an
'~£wer was sent the same day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Jan. 31.— Because he was
moved by a woman's bantering challenge
to quaff liquor at a banquet, after years
of abstinence. Dr. L. L. Sherrod of Carr
ville now occupies the insane cell in the
County Jail and will soon be removed to
a sanitarium. • . •
Dr. Sherrod has fallen from the high
est rank in his profession until now he
is on the road to the madhouse.
The Carrville physician ' was brought
down on Sunday. At times he talks
rationally, then he grows excited, makes
crazy assertions about his wife and others
watching him through chinks of the cell
wall and reaches for. the pistol that had
been taken from him.
Dr. Sherrod's story is pathetic. He is
a man of 25 years, a graduate of a New
York Medical College and has a charming
wife." After, he left ¦' college he went to
Texas. He succeeded well until he began
drinking, then he went down grade fast.
A liquor cure proved his salvation and he
got upon his feet again. His practice
grew until it yielded $1000 or $2000 a month.
One night at a banquet a lady, noticing
that Dr. Sherrod kept his glass turned
down, bantered him to quaff her health
in wine. The eyes of the guests were
upon Sherrod and he filled the glass and
drank. In three weeks 1* was back, in
the cutter. This occurred six years ago,
and ever since then Sherrod has been
struggling to regain the mastery of him
self.. He left Texas and -went to, San
Francisco. Temptations were too many
there and two years ago Dr. Sherrod and
his wife moved to Carrville. For three
months he has been drinking heavily and
using his pistol promiscuously.
Friends ' will - try to ' arrange ; to take
Sherrod to a private sanitarium'" until • it
is , learned . whether being deprived of
liquor will not restore* his- mind.
FABAI/LONES TO HAVE . •
A VALUABLE STATION
House Committee Favors the Estab
lishment of Wireless Telegraphy
or a Cable.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3L— Chief . Moore
of the Weather Bureau has urged . the
House Committee on" Agriculture to, pro
vide in its appropriation bill for the con
struction of "a weather bureau observa
tory and a vessel-reporting station on the
Farallones and for connecting the sta
tions with the mainland by cable or by
the wireless system.
The committee has practically decided
to adopt Moore's recommendations and
report them favorably to the House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— President
Roosevelt to-day, after consultation with
the Cabinet, issued the following signifi
cant order:
All officers and employes of the United
States of every description serving in or undtr
any of the executive departments, and whether
so serving in or out of Washington, are here
by forbidden, either directly or Indirectly, in
dividually or through associations, to solicit
an increase of pay or to influence or attempt
to influence in their own Interests any legisla
tion whatever, either before Congress or its
committees, or in any way save through the
heads of departments in or under which' they
serve, on penalty of dismissal from the Gov
ernment service. -
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
White House. January 31,,
Lobbying of office-holders not only for
higher salaries but for other legislation
in which they are personally interested
has become such a nuisance in Congress
that it was thought the only, thing that
could stop It was an executive order. The
matter was first called to the attention
of the President by officials of the Post
office Department, and later other Cabi
net members impressed on him the neces
sity of taking some action. The practice
among office-holders of lobbying in Con
gress has grown to such an extent that
regular unions have been formed for the
purpose of Influencing legislation.
. Chairman Cannon of the House Com
mittee on Appropriations said to-night
that the order was a great necessity and
he was glad that it had been issued. It
had been the custom, he said, for office
holders to attempt to influence legislation
in their .behalf, both through committees
and Individual members In Congress. ! They
¦would do this personally, by letter or
through" friends. Cannon thought that
this practice should be stopped and that
the President's order would have the^ de
sired effect. - „ . . i
WOMAN BRINGS ABOUT
BANKER JENKINS' ARREST
Sheriff Brisbin Tells How the What-
com. Financier "Was Captured
; ' • ¦ in London. : : ; ; , . , . :
TACOMA, Jan. 31.— Former Banker H.
St. John Dix Jenkins' has employed some
of the best legal talent : in, the. State to de
fend him at his trial in Whatcom next
! month. . He ."-; is', charged 1 . with yhaving
wrecked the Scandinavian- American Bank
of Whatcom and the Bank of Blaine and
using - their - funds for private purposes.
Jenkins stoutly asserts -his -. innocence,
claiming that both banks were . Insolvent
when he became connected with' them. He
intimates that his English relatives will
advance money to pay all claims if he is
acquitted.
: As. told to Sheriff Brisbin by, the London
police the story of the arrest of Jenkins
is of interest. Jenkins had a London- resi
dence, at which Attorney S.. M. Bruce and
Cashier Frank Oleson, who had followed,
him to London, were living. He also had
a room I in a ' downtown | hotel, which he
used as an office, and in which he was ar
rested: :~ His capture was brought about
by'.the ; curiosity of .the. woman who- kept
his residence for .him.' From conversations
between Bruce^ Oleson and Jenkins,
which this estimable lady overheard, , she
learned that, the latter was wanted by the
authorities \ of the United -States and in
formed I the police.: His arrest followed
Detectives had tried vainly for weeks to
flodblm-v-i - '¦:¦-¦'- •'' • ¦;: •
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
: Itching, Blind," Bleeding or Protruding- Piles'
No Cure, No PajV All druggists are- authorized
by manufacturers of. Pazo Ointment, to refund
money where it fails to cure any case of piles
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
case* in six days; wprst cases in fourteen days
One application givea ease- and rest. :•; Relieves
itching instantly, v This is a new discovery, and
is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee; no ' cure ' no pay. . A • free sample ; will be
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. .'Price, 50c. .-If. your druggist don't keeD
it In stock send 60c -In stamps and we win for
ward full size box by .mall. Manufactured bv
PARIS. MEDICINE ; CO. 1 . St. . Louis, ; Mo. '.. who
also . manufacture J the celebrated cold cure
Laxative Bromo-Quinme Tablets.' - '
WOMAN'S BANTER
WRECKS HIS LIFE
Still there was a large population, few
possessing great wealth and most of them
dependent upon their weekly wages for
a livelihood. Children by the Hundreds
were growinqjup without the influence of
the church and many families were living
without a sense of the obligations of re
ligion.
: Rev. William I. Kip Jr. as minister
in charge of the Cathedral (formerly Good
Samaritan) Mission. It is now eight years
since that important work was under
taken by Rev. Mr. Kip. The section of
the city where it is located had been de
serted by churches and congregations ow
ing to the encroachment of manufactur
ing and industries attracted by the con
tiguity of the water front.
.V— ; ,%
..• i -) .,- (
A. PATHETIC incident of the. late
Episcopal Diocesan Convention
was the announcement by Bishop
Nichols of the resignation of thi
EMPLOYES MUST
STOP LOBBYING
President Roosevelt Is
sues a Most Signifi
cant Order.
DOWIE METHODS
PERPLEX A JUDGE
SAYS THE PLAN
IS CONSPIRACY
holder Sues Railroad
Company.
Northern 5 \Paciflc^ Stock-
Receivership of Zion
Business.
Chicago Court Orders
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Jan. 31.—An
other of the mysterious suits being be
gun in the State courts here against the
parties to the Northern Securities merger
was started to-day by the filing of papers
in the Hennepin County District Court.
The ' plaintiff In this case Is John B.
Marquand, a stockholder in the North
ern Pacific, and he sues tEat corporation.
Charles S. Mellen, its president, and all
the directors. His attorneys are the same
as those in the Peter Power Injunction
case, and the more recent and similar
suit against the Great Northern.
It is aleged in the bill of complaint that
all the proceedings taken In furthering
the consolidation are fraudulent, since the
plan is a conspiracy. It is charged that
the roads are already combined, and the
court is asked to adjudge all measures
taken thereto fraudulent and invalid and
to enjoin the registry of stock of the
Northern Pacific transferred to the
Northern Securities Company.
The court is also asked to forbid the
payment of any dividends on such stock
until the case is settled. The defendants
are given twenty days in which to an
swer.
LAST BAIL IS T.A-ro
AT THE PECOS -RIVEB
Company's Line to El Paso
Completed.
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 3L— The Chi
cago, Rock Island and Pacific's new line
to El Paso was completed last night when
the last rail was laid at the Peco"^ River,
in Texas. The: new line will. It Is stated,
be opened for through traffic within
thirty days. Through tourist trains wiu
be run to California, beginning at once,
but the more extended system contem
plated will not be put in active operation
until next fall. r
"When the cut-off between Trenton/ Mo.,
and Belknap, Iowa, is completed the
Rock Island will have an additional ad
vantage of eighteen miles over competing
lines between Chicago and Los Angeles
The distance between Chicago ¦ and El
Paao by way of the Rock Island will be
1471 miles, while by the .other shortest
route it is 1579 miles. ¦ There, is a saving
of 41 miles between Kansas City and L.os
Angeles.
CHICAGO, Jan. 31.— Judge Tuley to-day
ordered a receivership for the Zion lace
industries, and Monday will enter a de
cree appointing Elmer Waahburn to a po
sition of receiver under a bond of $700,000.
The court, in a lengthy discussion of
the case, which was Instituted by Samuel
Stevenson,, a brother-in-law of John Al
exander Dowie, declared 'that Dowle*3
church, the Christian CrfthoUc church,
was a curious mixture of religion and
business. He held that Stevenson had,
through undue influence exerted by
Dowie, head of the church, been led to
turn over to Dowie practically every
thing he had and held that Stevenson was
entitled to at least ?100,000 from Dowie, or
the lace industries, which he said were
practically the same thing.
The court directed that Attorney Reeves
file an amended bill in order that the
stockholders of the lace Industries may
be made parties to the suit. The deci
sion being against the corporation, it is
necessary that the stockholders be pres
ent in court before a decree can be en
tered. The position of the stockholders,
the court said, was not plain. The evi
dence showed that they had paid over
$400,000 for stock, but that the transaction
was of such a character that Dowie alone
seemed to hold everything of value.
, "Undue influence" was the chief topic
discussed by the Judge in his decision,
Dowie, he said, was unquestionably the
superior of Stevenson, both in intellect
and business ability. Dowie, he declared,
was a religion zealot; Stevenson a fol
lower. Stevenson, like others In Zlon,
followed Dowie blindly. They believed
him the agent of the Almighty on earth,
destined to build up cities of Zlon in every
country in the world. None was more In
fluenced by. the teachings of "the reincar
.nated Elijah" than Stevenson.
It was the province of the court, he
said, to protect the weak against the
strong. It was not clear just to what ex
tent Stevenson had suffered monetary
loss, owing to the peculiar agreement be
tween stockholders in the lace industries
and Dpwie. It was clear, however, mat
Stevenson was entitled to $100,000. and
also clear that the $50,000 which Steven
son had. turned over to hia wife (now
dead*; and the latter had turned over to
Dowie. could not be collected.
"The - case needs- more light," said the
court. "I have studied over it night and
day for a month, yet on many points I
am in the dark. There should be a fur
ther .hearing.'.' . . ?
An amended bill' and an. amended an
swer will be filed by the parties to the.
suit Monday when the decree appointing
a receiver will be entered. Until then,
by stipulation. Dowie is prevented from
disposing of any more preferred stock.
Dowie will pray an appeal, and Judge
Tuley intimated that It would be grante-1.
owing to the peculiar points of law in-,
volved and the presence in the case cf
factors on which no law seemed to bear.
In discussing the bond for the receiver,
Attorney Packer, acting for Dowie. de
clared that if the receiver was for all cf
Dowle's property he should require a
bond of $10,000,000. The court explained
that only the lace industries were at pre^.
ent involved and 1700,000 was agreed on.
Southern Pacific Decides to Institute
OBSERVATION CAR SOON
. , W1LX I CIRCLE THE BAY
New Train. Service for
Tourists.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 31.— The Southern Pa
cific Company has decided 1 tofnstitute a
Sunday* observation train service on
February 9. This train will leave Oakland
and circle the bay,, passing through the
most beautiful parts of Santa Clara Val
ley. Eleven hours will- be consumed in
the trip. ,. .
The train will leave Oakland at 8:30
o'clock in the morning, making stops at
Sari Leandro, Haywards and Niles and
reaching San Jose at 10:50 o'clock. A stop
will be made here until 1 o'clock, when
the train will run 'to Los Gatos. where
It will stay from 1:25 to 2 o'clock. Re
turning from Los Gatos, it will reach
Santa Clara, at 3 o'clock, making a stop
of forty minutes. -Palo Alto will be vis
ited and the train will reach San Fran
cisco at 7:30 o'clock. The fare for the
round trip will be $2 50.
At each of the stopping places the pas
sengers will have a chance to see the sur
rounding country. : Arrangements are be
ing made here to use the large ¦ passen
ger 'mobiles of . the '¦ California Mobile
Company in connection with the train
when it reaches here, and -these will be
run to all the points of interest about the
city.- ! .-
: . NAPA, Jan. 31.— Fred Neuenschwander,
a farmer - of -Carrenos. Creek, disappeared
on Tuesday evening. To-day his body was
found in Napa River, near the Sawyer
tannery wharf. He and, his horse and
cart had fallen from the: wharf- ,"
Drowned in Napa River.
BLIZZARD THE CAUSE
OF DEATH OP SOLDIEK5
Japan's Fighters Lose Their Way'
While They Are on ¦
Practice March.
YOKOHAMA, Jan. 21.— Details of tbs
loss of 2CK5 Japanese soldiers, who wert
'frozen to death, have been received here
It seems that a command of 210 men prac
ticing winter marching were caught in a
blizzard on the northern end of the lsluno
of Hondo and lost their road: : Only ont
corporal Is known to have escaped. It is
feared that all the others are dead.
Lions Carry Off Goats.
. SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 31.— Calif ornia lions
are committing depredations in the moun
tains near the Santa Clara County line.'
They carried off four goats . from one
place. One of the goats weighed 125
pounds, "and was carried by a lion down
a canyon and then up a steep precijpicflu
jumped up and, raising a shotgun, fired at
ilcCrovern. He aimed badly and the shot scat
tered alongside the road. Almost eimulta
reously Detective McGovern and Koach dis
charged their Winchesters at Ed Biddle. Both
shots took effect. Jack Biddle raised in the
vehicle and discharged his revolver at the
three officers. Detective Swinthart steadied
himself and fired his 45-caliber Colt revolver
at Jack. The ball took effect in Jack's arm.'
Then the detectives opened a rapid fire on the
escapes. The shots knocked them out of the
sleigh. Ed fell sprawling on the snow and
Jack fell on top of him, their firearms falling
from their hands. The Biddies' horse then
hecame frightened and ran away across a field.
Mr. Kip is now in Pasadena and far
from well. As stated in The Call yester
day, the Diocesan Convention expressed
and sent its sympathy to the. suffering
clergyman, and. led by the Bishop, the
delegates united their prayers for his re
covery. The minister in charge of the
Cathedral Mission is now the Rev. J. T.
Turner, one of the younger of the
clergy of the v Diocese of California. The
mission founded by Rev. Mr. Kip is there
fore being well cared for and the results
that are being achieve* give the greatest
encouragement to every one concerned
with the object. -. ¦ ¦
The founding, of the Cathedral Mission
was quickly and emphatically justified by
the results. The earlier quarters of the
mission soon gave way .o an adequate
and completely equipped building, to which
the people nocked. Men, women and chil
dren who had not darkened the doors of
a church edifice for many years came
again and again and finally adopted the
mission as their religious home. • The sick
were visited and relieved, the starving fed
and the consolations of religion offered to
the dying. The clergymen Were called
upon for duties of marriage an<4 burial for
the entire neighborhood and ttfe good will
of thousands of people was manifested in
many ¦ways. For two years past the Rev.
Mr. Kip has been unable through an in
sidious illness to .take part in active
work and the prospect of his recovery
is so distant that, rather than embarrass
the work of the mission, he decided to
withdraw altogether, leaving to the care
of a physically capable and competent
head its future fortunes.
It wag a field bound to give rich re
turns to active effort and the Rev. Mr.
Kip entered upon the work with the de
termined purpose to bring the influence of
religion into those squalid homes. 9
Continued From Page One.
FOUNDER OF CATHEDRAL MIS
SION, WHO IS COMPELLED TO
RESIGN BECAUSE OF ILLNESS. .
WOffiAH JOINS IK FIERCE BMTLE
It is believed Mrs. Moore came to Stock,
ton from San Francisco, and she evidently
has traveled a great deal. Several of her
gowns were made in Paris. /
Mrs. Moore (the name may be assumed)
undoubtedly came to this city with the de
termination of committing suicide. In Jier
trunk was found clothing oi considerable
value. She had a fine collection of Jew
eled souvenirs of the last World's Fair
and the Pan-American Exposition and
carried a valuable gold watcn/The woman
was seen by quite a number of persons
about the hotel last night. She appeared
to be undecided and troubled. SShe did
not retire to her room until late and the
bed showed that she had not slept in it.
STOCKTOX, Jan. 31— A stylishly dressed
woman, who registered at the Imperial
Hotel yesterday as "Mrs. Moore, New
York," took colocynth and chloroform this
morning and died at a late hour to-night
without having regained consciousness.
The stranger was a handsome woman,
about 45 years of age, and apparently
well-to-do. She came to the hotel unac
companied and was assigned to room 2S.
She gave the hotel clerk $50, with the re
mark that it would pay all charges
against her.
When a maid tried her door this morn
ing at 9 o'clock and found it locked, she/
supposed the woman must be up and
opened the door with her pass key. The
guest was lying on the bea, fully dressed
and unconscious. Dr. Southworth was
called and found that she was suffering
from poisoning. There were a number oi
bottles of poison in the room. She had
removed the druggist's label from each
bottle and had substituted labels in her
own handwriting. There was not a thins
in the room by which the woman's iden
tity could be discovered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Governor. Taft referred to the .federal
party in the islands and said he had been
given ; a petition from this party to be
presented •. to the American Congress, but
had. not yet decided; how to present it. •
| The committee, adjourned to meet at 11
o'clock to-morrow. Governor Taft said,
as he left the committee-room . that he
desired to return, to Manila on May, 1.
He - had . no knowledge of the reported
fights in Mindanao. On jts tour the com*
mission had been attended only by a cor
poral's.guard on the steamer, but • there
¦was a. garrison of United States troops at
every capital visited. • " ¦'¦•-'. r "•:¦¦-.''
"There is," he said, "no war or, even
Insurrection in the ' Moro provinces, . but
there -are. occasional: reports of the mur
der of American soldiers." "
Asked if the Moros were generally
peaceable the witness replied that they
were bo except in • individual cases. ¦
Most Moros Peaceable.
In reply to Senator Hale Governor Taft
said that no effort had been "made to
extend the civil government of the United
States to the Moro' provinces beyond mak
ing a few suggestions bearing upon the
revenue laws. "Nothing hag been done
In* that direction,"' he said. "'Everything
is going on just as it was and the islands
are under the control of the War Depart
ment so far as the United States Is con
cerned." " ' - ~
The Jolo Sultan had, he said, refused to
recognize Spain's claim to any property
on the islands except the customs-houses
and there is considerable question as to
the ownership in many instances. . This
complication existed not only between the
Sultan and the United States, but between
the Sultan and his subjects. .
Governor Taft said it had been found
impossible to put Filipinos over the Moros
They are subject to their datos, or chiefs,
and refuse to recognize 'the authority of
a Filipino. There were, he said, two 'Sul
tans, one in Mindanao and the other In
the Jolo group, but the .Sultans do not
always control their datos. The Sultan
of Mindanao is, he said, very, poor,- but
the sovereign of the : Jolos is a thrifty
man, who is constantly trying to Increase
his income and constantlv getting Into a
row about it. - •
'.« Objection to Reorganizes.
Governor Taft said the commission had
had an interesting experience in trying to
reorganize the province of Antique but
that the people resisted vigorously. He
mentioned that at San Jose, the capital
they displayed a model of liberty enlight
ening the world which was twenty feet
high and had been dragged seven miles
over a very rough road. On this monu
ment^ there were statues of Washington
and McKinley. . ¦
He then gave in detailthe proceedings
of the meetings at tne various places vis
ited, saying- tnaf some seventeen capitals
of the provinces were visaed on the first
tour. .At .-each: place the delegates of the
people 'were met; the prescribed special
act was passed and a Governor appdint
ed,- who was authorized to organize mu
nicipalities. These provincial govern
ments consist, he explained, of a Gover
nor, Secretary, Superintendent, Treasurer
and a fiscal or Prosecuting Attorney. In
all cases where the selection could be
made without arousing jealousies natives
had been chosen. All these appointments
are temporary, and next month their suc
cessors will be ; elected. When the fac
tions were too strong Americans were
placed at the head of each, provincial gov
ernment. In all'cases the Treasurer and
Superintendent were Americans.
The commission had first given its at
tention to the northern provinces, and in
April started south on a trip of fifty-four
days. They had been received^most cor-
Iffi e^7 wher /-? This 1 Remark led the
witness a ifew discqursive remarks,
u P°" h the>Ubject of FiliSiifo hospital!™ 1
The Spaniard," he said, "will always
tell you that his house is yours, but ho
«iH e t5ii m at^ s w ord; but the; Filipino
will tell you the same thing and he al
ways means what he says. He will turn
nation" 1 ' ° U an insta11 you ln his h ab-
Speaking of the island of Negros he
said it was peculiar in its topography 'and
that previous to the coming^ of the com
mission there was difficulty in the mat
nfflnoL g ? Ve^ me^ t - There were so many
2S> SE? At t ? e Government that of the
$400,000 (Mexican) only about $10,000 was
left for other expenses than the payment
oi i salaries.
Judge Taft," Civil Governor of the archi
pelago, was the first witness called. There
was a full attendance of the members of
the committee, "anjl Senator Ixxige, chair
man of the committee, explained that tho
committee desired not only the fullest in
formation concerning the islands, but any
advice ; that Governor Taft might offer
concerning the questions dt issue.
Governor Taft pegan by saying that he
had gone to tne Philippines m tne spring
of lswO and nad • visued almost an the
provinces during the past year. He sa^d
that in alL the jj ihpmo or Christian prov
inces there is a form 'of civil government.
There are' thirty-four of these provinces."
The Moros are all friendly, except a' few,
who had never been otherwise than hos
tile to the Spaniards. • Even these were
now - being brought over by the prospect
of trade, of which they are very fond.
Going back to the beginning of the com
mission's tour, of the island, Governor
Taft said that it had only been under
taken afteruhe re-election' of President
McKinley, when the time seemed ripe for
the establishment of local government in
the islands. Describing this tour, he said
the counee was to present to the digni
taries of the various places visited an ex
planation of the provincial and municipal
acts. - . * rrT
"We had some oratory," he said,
"sometimes from the rear platform of
the train, but generally from the win
dows of ,the car. 1 '
Tour of tile Provinces.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— The Investiga
tion into , the conditions in the Philippine
archipelago apropos of the effort to se
cure' legislation for the government of
those islands was begun by the Senate
Committee on Philippines to-day.
National Legislators Advised as to
the System . of Government in .
Provinces, and Condition
of the People.
Stranger Is* Fashionably Attired
and Her Trunks Are Filled
With Paris-Made
Gowns.
Registers at the Hostelry
as "Mrs. Moore of
' New York"
Tour of the United States
Commissioners Is
Reviewed.
Civil C Governor of the
Islands Explains to
;; Senators.-
Takes Poison While a
Guest of a Hotel
in Stockton.
Rev.- Wi liam : .I. -Kip Jr.,- in Bringing- Religion to Neglec'ed
People, Is Laid Low in Midst of His Successful Labors-
His Sudden II ness Calsesa Deep and Heartfelt So: row
MYSTERIOUS
WOMAN ENDS
HER CAREER
TAFT LAUDS
CHARACHTER
OF FILIPINOS
FOUNDER OF CATHEDRAL
MISSION STRICKEN DOWN
TELE SAN FRANCISCO CAL^SATURDAYj FEBRUARY 1, 1902.
2
'To Cure Grip in. Two' Days.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine removes the > cause.
E. ; W. Grove's signature on' every box. •
Rheumatism
What is the use of telling the rheumatic
that be feels ae if his Joints were being dis-
located?
He knows that his sufferings are very
much like the tortures of the rack. - --VT^
What he want* to know Is what will per-
manently cure his disease. ,
* That, according to thousands of grateful
testimonials, Is '
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It. promptly neutralizes the acid in the
blood on which the disease depends, com-'
pletely 'eliminates it, and strengthens the
wetem against its return. Try Hood's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I CIGARETTES 1
I ene e i n quality ever I
1 :|ll&O I I
&WS ; ;There^ I
I or in 1
I ah^(^ i
I and for this reason I
ifeare more in demand than ever* I
I 1
I loyal to "DEITIE^^jf^0^j^i
I tionuQ£ substitute, aiidl i?vith all I
I >yho Know I
I Excellence in Turkish cigar- 1
|( j^ttes "DEITB^I stands f 'or •;:.:| :
I satisfaction. ; ? .: ;; /: . ¦ : :'¦::] I
¦¦¦^•¦'EQ^inPTiAN-'-' . v - : > uM ! :;l ¦¦• "¦¦" : - : " -- \
|| are the same as DEITIES /^^>^ u !* } ' ||
rea " v .:: : _. : ;'J' r _ U Ghia signature tj en eVerp box. ggiThe plumber lays his pipes and the min
strel pipes his lay.
.The San .-.¦ Francisco • Postofflce clerks
will celebrate their second anniversary by
a 'grand ball' in Native Sons' Hall to
night,, and as elaborate preparations have
been ; made • for the affair for some . time
the event is looked forward to with much
Interest. throughout* the Postofflce service.
The : decorations .will consist ¦ of bunting
and ferns and numerous exhibits of the
workings , of the postal service will be
placed in the hall.
Postal Clerks' Ball.
W. - A. Junker leaves ¦ shortly for ths
East to visit the big hotels and secure
new ideas. On his return the hotel. will
be given a name. •
The hotel will be built on a lot that ex
tends 87 feet on. Sutter street and 127 feet
on -Mason. It will be built L shape, all
rooms being well lighted and ventilated*
A magnificent . half-million dollar hotel
Is to be 'built at the southwest corner: of
Sutter. and Mason streets. W. A. Junker,
the well known hotel man, who until re
cently jvas manager of the Hotel del
Monte, will manage this new enterprise.
The land is owned and the building will
be erected by the managers -of the S. K.
Lachman estate. Work will be com
menced at once and the building will be
completed bv March of next year. The
hotel will have 225 - rooms . and will bo
eight stories high. It will be modern in
every detail.
Hostelry at Corner of Sutter
and Ida son Streets.
Lechman Estate Purposes Erecting
HALF-MILLION 1 DOLLAR
/ HOTEL IS / PROJECTED
"The lack of any authorization by the
Boers has proved fatal," says the corre
spondent, "but the .door of negotiations
is not wholly closed, since Great Britain's
reply' reaffirms ¦ the willingness of the
country to accede to any authorized pro
posal tending to the conclusion of peace."
Lord Kitchener, ln a dispatch from Pre.
toria, dated Thursday, January 30, . re
ports ', that . the camp of Colonel L* K.'
Dumoulin. of the Sussex Regiment, was
attacked by Niewhoudtz' command and
that after severe fighting the Boers were
repulsed:
. Lord Kitchener also reports that Gen
eral French captured twenty-six men be
longing to Fouche's command. In the
northeastern part of Cape . Colony, and
that the command vtxs completely scat
tered. ¦¦-¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦
The contents of the note are kept se
cret, but the first publication of the text
is intended to j be made in Parliament
Monday, February 3. It is believed, how
ever, that its original summary of the
Dutch communication was correct, with
this addition, that the Dutch suggested
that Wessels, Wolmarans and Fischer,
the Boer delegates now in Europe, be
permitted to go to South Africa in an
endeavor to persuade the burghers in the
field to surrender. •
Great Britain's reply Is not in the na
ture of a direct negative, though It is not
unlikely that it will have that effect.
While Lord- Lansdowne probably leaves
a loophole for further suggestions, he
doubts the ability of the Boer delegates
to control their fellow-countrymen, and
-there seems, little likelihood that the
Dutch Government can" secure guaran
tees in .regard to the powers of the Boer
delegates sufficient to -induce Great Brit
ain to accede to the original request.
Wiring from The Hague the .-corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says that the
reply of Great Britain to the Dutch pro
posai concerning peace in South Africa
is a polite refusal of the request that per
mission be granted for a commission to
bouth Africa.
LONDON, Jan. 31.— The reply to the
Dutch note in regard to bringing about
peace in South Africa was dispatched
yesterday to The Hague.
Reply to Holland Is Said
to Be Chiefly Nega-
A supreme effort is being made by the
club to save Telegraph Hill from destruc
tion. So far Its efforts have been partly
successful. An effort is being made to
prevail upon the Board of Supervisors to
take cognizance of the fact that the land
mark is gradually being effaced by the
hands of quarrymen. The organization is
striving to have the food given to the pa
tients at the City and County Hospital
better cooked and more properly served;
also to have a children's ward, in order
to keep the little ones out of the wards
occupied by their elders. A score of other
Important reforms are under considera
tion and Mrs. White's wisdom and keen
Judgment has been Instrumental ln bring
ing them, to a successful issue.
If her resignation is accepted it Is
feared other members 0/ the organiza
tion will follow her example. It Is tbere
foro probable that the meeting of the di
rectors on Monday next will be well at
tended. In* the meantime strenuous ef
forts .will be made to have Mrs. White
reconsider her action.
It is -due to her efforts that a plan 13
on foot to secure a suitable clubhouse for
the members. More than 53000 has been
subscribed, and If she should give up her
position it is feared the project will come
to naught. She has strenuously labored
to save the Calaveras big trees from de
struction, and without her leadership this
splendid work might also fail.
During the years Mrs. White has been
president the California Club has been In
strumental in bringing about many re
forms.
The resignation of the president will be
considered by the board of directors on
Monday next. There is every likelihood,
that It -will not be accepted. The mem
bers feel that if Mrs. White relinquished
the presidency she might quit the club.
If she was to take the latter course they
fear the organization would suffer disso
lution because of the lack of a leader.
I According to a member of the club.
Mrs. "White has been the mainstay of the
organization. She has proven herself pos
sessed of executive ability and her influ
ence in the community has been felt time
and again. As president of the Califor
nia Club Mrs. White has been ln the head
and front of every movement tending to
benefit the people at large.
Her main- reason for taking the action
she said was due to the fact that certain
members of the California Club had whol
ly ignored resolutions passed by the di
rectors of the organization. In effect
these resolutions suggested that It was
inexpedient for the California Club to
commit Itself either in favor of or against
the admission of clubs of colored women
to the National Federation of Women's
Clubs. The members had voted to in
struct the club's delegation to the Cali
fornia Federation convention to vote for
the admission of colored women. . Mra..
White could not accept these instructions
and rather than be in opposition to other
members resigned her office.
The resignation of Mrs. Lovell White
as president of the California. Club has
created consternation ln the ranks of the
members. Every effort Is being: made to
have her reconsider her action, but she
remains adamant. Yesterday dozens of
ladies called upon. Mrs. White and tried
to prevail upon her to continue as presi
dent of the club, but she pointed out good
and substantial reasons why she could
not act ln that capacity.
BRITAIN SENDS
POLITE REFUSAL
The reduction bill is rather lengthy, as
several schedules have to be readjusted.
All rates, however, are brought back to
these existing before the Spanish war,
except on mixed flour. The repeal sec
tion Is brief and restores the old rates.
In some cases, as in that of cigars, to
bacco, beer, etc., the changes have been
made since the original war taxes were
imposed, so that a simple repeal of exist
ing law would not restore ths old rates.
Special sections cover these cases.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 3L— The bill re
ducing war revenue taxes 477,000,000 has
been completed by Chairman' Payne of
the Ways and Means Committee. The
committee. will meet on Monday and re
port the bill to the House, and it is the
purpose of Payne to begin the considera
tion of the measure ln the House Imme
diately following the consideration of the
anti-oleomargarine bill.
California Club Members
Want Mra White V
to Reconsider.
Bill Is Completed and
*Will Be Reported
Monday.
RESIGNATION
CAUSES WORRY
REPEALS WAR
REVENUE TAXES
OIL. COMPANY SUED.— W. F. Doxey '¦ filed
a «uit against the McKlttrick Oil Company
yesterday > for. $4308 02, alleged to ' be ' due ' for
goods 'sold and .delivered the corsoratlon by a
number 'of business houses.' ¦; " -
The Supreme Court handed down a de
cision yesterday which affirms the right
of the city of San Leandro to Issue bonds
for the . purpose of installing a munici
pal electric lighting system. A. C/ Ham
mond Jr.. a taxpayer, claimed that buph a
bond issue was .•-.:. violation of the stat
utes, but his contentions" were held to be
of no legal moment. '
.. >-.,.i. ;; .,jV ; • ¦--:;/ ~^-
San , Leandro -Wins Suit.
• VA gift of land and money approximating
$100,000 has been made by E.;J. Le Breton
to! the '.Little' Sisters -of 'the -Poor,, a- Cath
olic sisterhood which, recently .was estab
lished in > this -' city. 'The present head
quarters of ; the order is located in the
old -Youths' Directory, building at 2030
Howard - street, where over three Bcore
old -people 1 are now being cared for. .The
land - donated by Mr. r.e Breton - is . ad
jacent to the i Presidio and , with the sub
stantial, amount -of money, placed at the
control. of the- sisters, a handsome build
ing will be erected. T The land donated has
a frontage of 340 feet on Lake avenue and
a depth :of '700 feet vbetween -Third and
Fifth avenues.' Mother Provincial Molanlo
is at present in the city, and will arrange
for' the' erection' of suitable buildings.
E. J. I*e Breton' Makes Handsome Gift
- The attorneys for Mrs.: Botkin have
long contended that California • has no
Jurisidiction over the defendant.* Ap
peals- and f petitions of various kinds have
been carried to the State Supreme Court
and In each case the prosecution has won'
The court of last resort has flnallyT aU
lowed that, the contention of the defense
has some. merit and a hearing, was grant-
Fe'bru^ry Ca8e SGt * ° r the flrSt W^ ek ln
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford left for
Washington. yesterday for the purpose of
representing the State of California at
the hearing granted by the United States
Supreme Court to settle the question of
{"^diction in the fatter of ttie Botkin
"Washington to Uphold Califor
nia's Claim, to Jurisdiction.
Attorney General Ford Leaves for
WILL REPRESENT STATE
AT THE BOTKIN TRIAL
' i The , Alabama Senator did ¦ not discuss
the ' political phases of . ¦ the . Philippine
question, devoting his entire speech to a
consideration, of the legal and. constitu
tionar Questions raised by the presenta
tion of the tariff measure. "^ -
• An extended speech on the pending
Philippine tariff bill was delivered in the
Senate to-day by Morgan of Alabama,
who 'devoted particular attention to an
amendment which he offered fop the bill
last week. ¦ • He maintained ; that . the en
actment of the bill, 'as it now . stands,
would not be; a constitutional remedy for
the ' situation the measure is designed to
relieve, but said that with the adoption
of his amendment the bill would stand
the closest scrutiny of the courts.
Richardson, the minority leader, sought
to have : the House. adopt a declaration on
the subject to-day ..without waiting for
the Senate to commit an alleged overt
act, but the majority leaders .were > op
posed to hasty action and his resolution
was. referred to the Ways and Means
Ccmmlttee. . . '. *
The action of the House was the out
growth of the ' agitation in the '. Senate of
the claim, that reciprocity treaties af
fecting the "customs revenues can be ne
gotiated without the concurrence of the
House.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— The House to
day prepared to defend itself: against
what it considers the threatened invasion
by the Senate of its prerogative in the
matter ¦ of revenue legislation by direct
ing the Ways and Means Committee to
investigate the subject and report to the
House its conclusions. ':'J-V.'-
Invasion of Bights.
Preparations Made to Prevent an
HOUSE FEARS SENATE RULING
Among the men who were thus arrested
was a man who gave the name of Henry
Kramp.' In a- notebook found in his
pocket were entries showing that he had
served time In an Oregon jail. The name
of Charles Beck was also found In the
book. Sheriff Taylor held Kramp, or
Beck, from Friday evening. until Sunday
morning waiting to hear from Captain
Seymour. Chief of the San Francisco de
tective force, whom he had notified of the
arrest and of his suspicions, but as the
latter did not pay any attention to the
matter, the man was released and allowed
to leave town. From ¦ the picture of
Goucher, which was published in the'pa
pers a day or bo ago, Sheriff- Taylor is
convinced that he had the right man.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 31.— The officers
here are convinced that Allen Goucher,
who is wanted In San | Francisco In con
nection with the murder of Policeman
Robinson, was lodged here in the Marin
County Jail for several days last week
After the murder of Robinson Sheriff
Taylor ordered all officers in the county
to arrest tramps and all suspicious char
acters.
Was in Merin Jail.
Sheriff Taylor Believes the "Kid"
THINKS BCE TTA-p GrOTJCHER.
"I've got nothing to say.. I'll say noth
ing to anybody until I go up before the
Judge. He's the only man that talking
will do any good to, so I intend to just
keep my mouth shut." "
Leadville Jimmy" refused to be Inter
viewed on anything concerning his con
nection with the case. When asked the
date of his departure from the city he
smiled and said:
dolph, the woman who lived . with the
gang at the Turk-street, house. She was
placed in one of the women's : cells and
orders were issued to permit no one to
see her.
erable curiosity. Men, women and chil
dren passed to and fro In front of "Lead
ville Jimmy" and Detective Dinan, > to
whom the task of bringing: the murderer
safely back to the city was " intrusted,
simply to get a glimpse of the man whom
Chief of Police Wittman" believes was one
of the gang that shot down Policeman
Robinson. It was a curious throng that
jostled and crowded one another at the
depot 'to get near enough to see" the pris
oner.
Detective Dinan and the prisoner were
met at the ferry depot by Policeman J.
D. Freel, who was detailed by Chief Witt
man to be on hand to assist Dinan to get
the prisoner to the Hall of Justice. '
Inclined to Bo Ugly.
On leaving Stockton the prisoner was a
bit inclined to be erratic and ugly, but on
the way down in the train he grew good
natured. "Leadville Jimmy" has a rather
bad habit of feigning- insanity when
placed under arres^ but as this trait was
well known to the officers he was soon
made to realize that a scene would not be
tolerated.
On arriving at the Hall of Justice the
prisoner was taken into the office of Chief
of Detectives John Seymour, who vainly
attempted to get him to "peach" on his
"pals." ... .
Seymour's clumsy style of questioning
prisoners was not a novelty to "Lead
ville Jimmy," for during his checkered
career he has pitted his wits against
nearly every rural Constable from one
end of the continent to the other.
"Leadville" refused to be "pumped" by
Captain Seymour, .who finally grew tired
of his inability to keep pace with the
sharpened wits of the thug and ordered
Detective Dinan to take him upstairs to
the prison and keep him. absolutely in
communicado. The chief of. detectives
evidently issued this order to obviate the
possibility of some of the street otlicers
succeeding in geting "Leadville", to talk.
Captain Seymour and the . two sleuths
¦who have been 'working on the Robinson
case have about exhausted their limited
iepertoire of methods of capturing crim
inals. They have settled down to a wait
ing game, hoping that throughout the
country there are a few more, clever Con
stables like Geiseke of Tracy who caught
"Leadville Jimmy" and delivered . him
over into their hands. Chief Wittman Is
keeping the wires hot with telegrams to
the interior towns notifying the Con
stables and Sheriffs to be on the lookout
for the rest of the gang of murderers
whom he, in all probability, believes have
succeeded in evading Captain Seymour
and his subordinates.
Seymour Learns Facts.
When The Call published Its exclusive
story of the gang's operations on the
night that Robinson was murdered Cap
tain Seymour first learned that there
were six men Implicated in the murder,
and that "Leadville Jimmy," the thug
now In custody, was one of them. He
also refused to believe that the men had
been out . to Cypress Lawn - Cemetery,
where they attempted to blow open ' the
safe In the superintendent's house or that
in the . battle with revolvers which oc
curred when the desperate gang met Rob
inson on Valencia street "Brownie" was
wounded. Chief Wittman, however, who
had been conducting a quiet Investigation
on his own accord, had the information in
his hands for several days and it. was his
efforts"- that resulted in the capture of
"Leadville Jimmy." ¦
The police took a woman Into custody
last night who is said to be Minnie Ran-
This testimony. is In direct contradiction to
that given, by Samuel Parks> when he ¦ was
on the stand several days ago. Parks said
that he went to Trowbridge's store and sat
around until 9 o'clock with E. S. Trowbridge
and that no one else entered the place. He
denied positively that Brown was there, and
said that when Trowbridge closed the store
he went up the street with him.
The • witness was questioned regarding his
being ordered by the mob to accompany it to
the bridge and told of his escape substantially
aa he did under direct examination, but his
testimony contradicted that given by Myers,
Carpenter and Parks. '
Great discrepancies between the testimony
Qoyette gave before : the Grand Jury and the
testimony he has given in court during the
last few days appeared: as the cross-examina
tion proceeded. He told the Grand Jury that
after he felt himself free from his captors
he continued to walk down the road with them
fifty or elxty feet and . then turned and made
his way to the- hotel barroom,- running around
back of the hotel. When he arrived there
"it (meaning the lynching) was all over." On
direct examination he said that Samuel Parks
was- in 'the barroom when he arrived, but be
fore the Grand Jury, he said that Parks came
Into the room later in the morning. He told
the Grand Jury that shots were fired Just as
he broke away from the lynchers, but he told
the jury in the Brown case that shots were
fired while he was in back of the hotel.
Baker objected J strongly to I the prosecution
reading any parts of Goyette s testimony be
fore the Grand Jury, ill the face of the rul
ing of : the court .' that -, the < defense could not
read from that testimony. ; The - court ruled
againstVhls objection, claiming that- the Su
preme Court was authority for his ruling/and
telling ¦ Raker to "go and fight the Supreme
When Raker then took up the redirect ex
amination - and - commenced • to ¦ read from . Goy
ette's. testimony at the Coroner's inquest his
action brought forth objections from the prose
cution which precipitated the scene " ending in
Raker's ejection.' ' : • . . ;
Ed" Kennedy., an aged stockman, was then :
called to 'the stand. He -was asked if on the
day of the sale of Calvin Hall's possessions at
public- auction in Lookout, "Bob'; Courtwright
had noi said to, him:,' -¦:•' -'. : -. .,
"There is ¦ money In this case. : If you go
in with me we will get something out of -it"
. The ¦¦•? prosecution :, objected that' If was 'an
.Irrelevant • question, and - an • hour and ' a ' half
was occupied in argument.^. Judge Harrington
will ' decide the • admicsabimy of the question
to-morrow morning. % • . . - . t ¦ ¦ ¦
ALTURAS, Jan. 31.— Sidney A. Goyette, the
youthful witness for the defense, who was
placed on the stand yesterday to testify in
the case of the People vs. Brown, was again
on the stand to-day. He said that he was
around Myers' Hotel much of the time dur
ing the week preceding the lynching of Cal
vin Hall, his two sons, "Jim" and Frank;
Daniel Yantis and young Mnrtln Wilson, and
never at any time saw demonstrations of vio
lence against them or, heard any one say that
they deserved hanging. Goyette reiterated the
statement made yesterday to the effect that
Brown did not go outside the hotel to light a
cigar on the night of the lynching. This
statement is in contradiction of the testimony
given by : Brown before the Grand Jury.
The cross examination, so far as it went
this morning, disclosed several discrepancies
In the testimony given on the stand by Ervlng
Carpenter and Samuel Parks, and of the-wit
ness' own declarations before the Grand Jury,
when that body was investigating the Lookout
lynching. Goyette said this morning that he
eat on the porch of Trowbridge's store on the
evening of May 30 until almost 0 o'clock with
"Jim" Brown, the defendant, and that they
went ¦ to ¦ Brown's house and retired. In hia
testimony before the Grand Jury, Goyette said
that after having had his supper In Myers'
Hotel, he went down to Trowbridge's store
and sat there with E. S. Trowbridge and "Jim"
Brown until about 9 o'clock. - ; : .
Have Poor Memory.
"Witness for the Defense Proves to
GOYETTE ENTANGLES HIMSELF.
MEMBER OF THE GANG OF CROOKS THAT MURDERED POLICE
MAN ROBINSON, CAPTURED AT TRACY, AS HE STEPPED FROM
FERRYBOAT YESTERDAY IN THE CUSTODY OF A DETECTIVE.
The thug was brought down from Stock
ton, where he was taken yesterday by
Constable Gelseke, after the latter had
captured him at Tracy. At the ferry de
pot and on the boat coming across the
bay the prisoner was the object of consid-
WITH both bands securely man
acled "Leadvtlle Jimmy," th«
desperate criminal who, the
police say, assisted In the bru
tal murder of Policeman Rob
inson, was brougrht back to this city yes
terday. "With his rlgrht eye out and a
cunning lear on his hardened face, the
man who Is known as "Leadville Jimmy,"
John Courtney, Jimmy Rlley and a host
of other names, looked every Inch a thug
•who would stoop to murder when Inter
fered with In the practice of his nefa
rious crimes.
. Hawley ( advocated ' the amendment of
Stewart to increase the salaries of Sena
tors and Representatives in Congress.
Spooner of "Wisconsin supported the bill
and said there were cases where men had
refused appointments on the Supreme
bench' because the salaries were inade
quate. ¦ ¦
Stewart gave notice, of an amendment
to the bill, . providing that the salaries of
Senators and Representatives, in Con
gress should be $7500 per annum. Mc-
Comas of Maryland, Hawley of Connecti
cut and Fairbanks of Indiana supported
the measure.
Berry (D.) of Arkansas opposed the
measure. He believed that $10,000 per year
¦was enough to enable Justices of the Su
preme Court to live respectably. He ven
tured the statement that many. people
thought the Justices were not worth' $10,
000 a year.
Stewart (R.) of Nevada made a strong
plea for the enactment of the bill.
Blackburn of Kentucky, a member of
the Judiciary Committee, vigorously op
posed the measure, not so much because
ne thought the salaries proposed were too
high, as because he felt that there ought
to be a general revision of- salaries paid
io officials of the Government.
Hoar made a brief statement in support
of the measure. He believed members' of
the Judiciary. of the United States were
entitled to such salaries as would enable
them to maintain suitable and proper po
sitions. The judicial salaries paid by the
Government were not" equal to those paid
by many of the greaUS tates of the Union
to the Judges of the State courts.
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— In the Senate
to-day the bill reported recently from the
Judiciary Committee fixing the salaries
of certain United States . Judges was
taken up for consideration at the in
stance of Hoar, chairman of the commit
tee. The bill Increases the annual salar
ies of the>- Federal Judiciary.
Senators and Congress
men Desire More
Compensation.
MAY INCREASE
ALL SALARIES
The Court — Now, that will do, Blr — stop. You
don't want to do anything but insult everybody
in the courtroom that you can.
Raker became* very . much excited and
characterized General Post's conduct in
this case as despicable, claiming that he
¦was trying to keep the truth from coming
out, and made further remarks of a simi
lar nature. Post denied the charge em
phatically and the court remarked:
I wish you gentlemen would get your guns
and go out into the street and fight this thing
out. Tour conduct is barbarous. Get your
guns, go out in the street and fight it out.
Raker protested vehemently at the
words of the Judge . and the strife con
tinued tor some time,' Judge Harrington
again • advising the opposing counsel- to
resort to their ] weapons and settle the
quarrel. The courtroom quieting down
somewhat, Raker said:
I can prove it is a deposition, and, therefore,
admissible as evidence in this case. . .
The Court — You can't do it.
Raker— Statutes of '07.
The Court — I say you can produce statutes
some other time. • - .
Raker — Oh, we will see — there it goes. I
was present when the Legislature adopted the
whole of it.
The Court — Well, may be if you had not been
there they would not have done it. Vhey made
a mistake when they did it. •
Raker — They did it in- "1)7, and you have been
doing your best trying to vacate it, all right.
The Court— Now, Raker, you walk out of
the courtroom and stay out of here for about
twenty-flve minutes until you cool down. '.-_
Raker — I can't help it. Your Honor abuses
me and I can't sit' and take it all the time —
that Is all there is to It.
Raker left the courtroom.
Raker — I have got tired ' of his conduct in
this matter. I do not propose to allow him to
sit here and gag things down my throat when
I know it is not true; he can't do it.
The Court — Now open your mouth again in
that insulting way and I will put you out of
this case. ¦ •.
Raker— My statement amounts to just as
much as that man's does; it is just as good as
that of any lawyer or gentleman. I have heard
enough of this bulldozing talk. Because he is
Assistant Attorney General he can't bulldoze
me and this Jury.
The Court — No, Raker, it does not make any
difference; your statement does not amount to
a row of pins. - - . .
ALTURAS, Jan. 21.— One of the most
disgraceful scenes that have character
ized the Lookout lynching" case in Judge
Harrington's - court occurred -this after
noon and resulted -.in, Attorney John E.
Raker, for the defense, being sent from
the courtroom for twenty^five minutes for
resenting remarks addressed to him by
the court. Probably never before has a
California courtroom crowd witnessed the
spectacle -of the Judge on the bench ad
vising the opposing counsel to adjourn to
the street and fight out their legal differ
ences with pistols. .
The disturbance was precipitated when
Raker attempted to • read from. Sidney
Goyette's testimony, given at the Coro
ner's inquest over the ; body of Daniel
Yantis. Assistant Attorney General Post,
for the prosecution, objected and was
sustained. Raker protested and th« court
remarked : . ,'
If there la any -wray to violate the rule of the
court, you can always find a way of dointr It.
Raker— Judge, if it is the only way to get the
truth, give us that opportunity. Let the truth
go to these twelve men sitting in this jury. box.
The Court — I say so, too.
Raker — Then let us learn it.
The Qourt — I don't approve of your methods
of getting: the truth.
Raker — You know this is competent evi
dence?
Post — I know it is not,
Raker— I know you say not, but you do not
think so.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•, " £ — ~~ ¦
Counsel for Alleged Lynchers Talks
, Back Instead of Obeying and
as a Result Is
Insi sts Upon an Impromptu
Duel on the Street in
Tells Them to Leave
the * Courtroom and
"Fight It- Gut." t
Thug Whom Chief Wittman Believed Had a Hand in the -Brutal
Murder of Policeman Robinson Refuses to Discuss His -Career.
Woman Said to Be Minnie Randolph Is Taken Into Custody
JUDGE URGES
ATTORNEYS TO
USE WEAPONS
BRING "LEADVILLE JIMMY" BACK
AND PLACE HIM IN THE TANKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SATURDAY; FEBRUARY 1, 1902.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STARTLED
By some sudden sound she drops the
vase upon the floor. She is nervous and
may be told tliat nervousness is a luxury
which only a .^
ncn wf'ttt i3Ti f*^T) | {** f^ }
eflord to indulge ttS^fj^'jl *
in. Nervousness 5* > '^'y|3
ria^ cost manv a wr
woman her po- /~~\o fT \>
times when worn- fir" \sl_sj^54K'j£a.
en run machia- F^J^'^r^f^t^Bk
ery the price of fcjc^^fel^iiSlia
nervousness is l||* vlfwxr
haps the whole XT\'§. > \ a
liand crushed. £a
Nervousness in fi\ «J^ §S
women is com- a «p«i
nonly but a flf \ 2G*
¦worn an lv disease. r*^^ sift^^^fti
It is useless in
« doctor " for the WW^^^SMi
C^re\hediseaS U^^^^^^M
-tthich attack the
delicate woman- jt& t tMii&&lz*2 F
v \y organism and <3^ w
nervousness will jes^> «-w .
be cured also. Sgi f^^T?*
»Dr. Pierce's Y§%t09£ •""*""
Favorite Pre-^^ x ~ mi "
ccription makes weak women strong,
sick women well. It establishes regular-
ity, dries weakening dr%- ins, heals inflam-
ination and ulceration, and cures female
weakness. It tranquilizes the nerves and
induces refreshing sleep. ¦ * .¦; '¦':
"In the faU of 1897. 1 was troubled with nerr-
oi:sne5s. headache, heart trouble and female
¦weakness." writes Miss Blanch M. Bracey. of
Sala. Oswego Co.. Z\. Y. "Last summer I wrote
you and you advised me to try your * Favorite
Prescription ' and • Golden Medical Discovery.'
I did so and I bej:an to improve rapidly. 'Con-
tinued taking the medicine, half a dozen each of
' Fa\-orite Prescription ' and ' Golden Medical
Discovery ' for the space of five months, and in
less than a year had regained my former health."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets clear the
muddy complexion.
MARKET bX SF. **&£?
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: elves health and
*irerfith to sexual organs. Depot, 223 Market.
- r- : ; r-, — i — 1 — 1 , «*
§|| \ THE .CHILDREN ENJOY i||
1^55§?T Ivife ont/of. doors and out of the games which they play and the enjoy-
y&if^h/ mei *t which they, receive,. and, the. efforts which they make, comes the- ' CN*
($& %p. greater : part of that healthful - development > which is so essential to their f AJN
8 JS?dfe/ - happiness when grown. When a- laxative is needed the remedy which is ' ff&k.
ft* // ffiven to them to cleanse and sweeten and strengthen the internal organs 's\2n&
if/ '''"" on which it acts, should be such as physicians would sanction, because its '/* }j*
If/ component parts are known to be wholesome and the remedy itself free from jS^-^O
lit every objectionable quality. The one remedy which physicians and parents, J^*^- \
ill well-informed, approve; and recommend and .which; the little ones enjoy, *5cC-A? *
Ui $ because of its pleasant flavor, its gentle action ,and its beneficial effects; is— v^'^/S^
Syrup of Figs— and for the same reason it is the only laxative which should vO)<$£»
¦r-^vjif be used by fath ers and mothers. .- ,
£$4:V' Syrup of Figs is the^ only remedy: which acts gently, pleasantly and
j£fc&& naturally without griping, irritating, or > nauseating and which cleanses the
feS^'"^* system effectually, without producing that constipated habit which results
fW'i^S from the use. of the old-time cathartics and modern imitations, and against JTw 7*
V$ o- ."V which the children^should be so carefully guarded. If yon would have them &>!!^d£i
"¦¦%. 0. & row to manhood and womanhood, strong, healthy and happy, do not give ZJ$P&Ji
fzN&$? theni nie<licine8 » h en medicines are not needed,- and when nature needs *\$\/@r
C'°>i^ assistance in the way of a laxative, give them only the simple, pleasant and j_77
gentle— Syrup of Figs. , • ;?»""" "V
&%$0M~ It» quality is due not only to the excellence of the combination of the j£"^* Jl
''0::/ ¦ .'.¦¦•, laxative principles of plants with pleasant aromatic syrups and juices, bttt ?*^3l/|
;vp, >* also to our original method of manufacture and as yon valne the health of
i.Q the little ones, do not accept any of the substitutes which unscrupulous deal- m **4jF* Y*
"oi'.Tfyi; ers sometimes offer to increase their profits. The genuine article may bo • l
V •^ bought anywhere of all reliable druggists at fifty cents per bottle. Please jK
< - v ". : > to\ remember, the full .name of the Company— <y\
"'•£<£ «rS*> CALIFORNIA FIG SYR.UPCO^-la printed on 'Tdfei
y\S^Cr<f"K*y\^^y\^ v the front of every pack- -"; CV^F??
; ?UW^W>-s i age. In order to get its >$ClS\ *<'<F i rWfc~\
/sCSj% A lf^>W beneficial effects it is al- <£>'*& A Xp£$5A»<
feV\\ ' '^'Vi Vi SJt * : l -\ ways ne . cessar y buy ; <£<£k}. C^^f^C^S^J^^^i
£• . .ir^TlP^ )/':. I ** • -.tf ;.6- X )V yy y. [
ADVERTISEMENTS.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
The Italian ship Narcissus was. cleared yes-
Shipping Merchants.
The chip BenJ. F. Packard will load mer
chandise at this port for New .York. .
NEWS OF , THE OCEAN.
-Setters of Interest* to. Mariners and
Dan Sullivan of 39 Russ street had a
rprlnkling of bird shot picked from. his
face and hands yesterday at the Harbor
Horpital. He had been hutlng near Sau
aiiHo. he said, and had accidentally got
tr!la!h range of his own shotgun.
There is said to be every likelihood that
the schooner Minne A. Caine will be
safely removed from her perilous position
on the rocky beach at the upper end. of
Smith Island. Preparations are almost
complete for running! her into deep water
on a. skid way. ,
A. Peterson, a longshoreman who lives
at 2114 Mission street, yesterday fell down
the hold of the steam schooner Signal and
sustained injuries to his right foot which
necessitated US amputation.
The French bark Hoche came down the
river yesterday loaded with grain for Eu
rope. She will sail to-morrow.
Water Front Notes. *
-The.steamshlp Leelanaw arrived yester
day from Panama with a 1 fairly heavy
cargo and twenty-three steerage passen
gers from New York. The Leelanaw left
Panama January 16. "When she sailed af
fairs at the isthmus were in an unsettled
condition, but there had been no fighting
to amount to anything:
• IJeelanaw From Panama.
The French bark Duchesse Anne will be
readjr for sea In a few days, but her sail
-Ing will be delayed until a successor to
the late Captain Bochart is appointed. § It
is thoueht that the command will be of
fered to Captain Duris, who commanded
the French bark Henrietta,^ which sunk
December 31 at Astoria. ' "•
Ducliesse Anne Has No Captain.
The American ship Invincible arrived
yesterday from Port Blakeley with lum
ber after a voyage* which tried her stabil
ity to the limit. She encountered a series
of heavy gales.' During one of them part
of her deckload of lumber was carried
away. Her cargo shifted and she reached
port with a decided list to starboard.
Invincible Had Bough, Trip.
PAX JOSE. Jan. 31.— Judge Lorigan has re
fused to decide the divorce euit of John T.
Donnelly agalr.st Ollie F. Donnelly, which is
bat=ed on a Nevada tnarriaee. until the Su
preme Court has ruled upon a case now be
fore it. v « . • ~. . :
The survey recently held on the steam
ships Oregon and Roanoke reveals a total
damage of about $25,000. The Oregon's in
juries are estimated at $15,000. The dam
age was sustained in the storm which
swept Puget Sound January 24, and was
sustained as the result of the vessels
pounding against each other. Both ves
sels had their frames broken, beams bent,
plates sprung and w were generally badly
strained.
Puget Sound "Weather Expensive.
STOCKTON. Jan. SI.— The two men who
were incinerated in a fire which burned
to the ground the bunkhouse on the Kidd
ranch at Undine, fourteen miles west of
Stockton, Wednesday night, were Michael
Collins, a laborer, about 55 years of age,
and John J. Kearns, who enlisted as a
private in Company H. Thirteenth Regi
ment, on February 28, 1893, and was dis
honorably discharg-ed at the Presidio irf
San Francisco on May 28, 19C0. He was
"4 years of age and a native of ~.oston.
Two Victims of Fire Identified.
Reinsurance on the British ship Red
Rock dropped yesterday from 40 per cent
to 25 per cent, and may go ' lower to-day.
The high rate was the result of a report
of the finding on the Vancouver coast of
part of the Red Rock's cargo. It now
turns out that the salmon picked up prob
ably came from the Ardnamurchan, and
the rate has commenced to drop.
Reinsurance on the French barks Ern
est Legouve, Olivier de Clisson and Les
Adelphes was yesterday raised from 10
per cent to 15 per cent. • >:
Keinsurance Goes Down.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
• 1
I
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, January 31.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Biidgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Coquille River, Elleteen, 44 hours from
Port Los Anjeles, .
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Brunswick. -Dettmers, 22 hours from
Eureka. • ;
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 61 hours from New
port, etc. . •
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, 15 days from Pa
nama.
Stmr Westport, Krlckson, 26 hours from Eu
reka. ¦ ¦ • •
Ger stmr DenderaJi. Von Reieen. 3 days 6
hours from Tacoma; put in to finish loading.
Br ship Glenogil, Davis, 79 days from New
castle, Aus. . '¦
Brig Gulllee. HelUngsen, 16 days from
Honolriu.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern. 38 hours from
Ventura ; up river direct. 1
Schr Etta B, Carnnbell. 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Friday, January 81.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, Victoria and • Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co. •
Ger stmr Nicaria, Brunst, Hamburg and way
ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Fr shli> Hoche, Lucas, Queenstown; X. C
Sheldon.
Ital .ship Narcissus, Ansaldl, Queenstown; L
Kauff man.
Br ship Afghanistan, Cralgle, Queenstown:
Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Bktn Coronado. Potter. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. \
SAILED.
Friday, January 31.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports! ¦ ¦-. \ ¦.
Stmr Luella, Olsen, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Luella, Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Navarro, Davitt, Bowens Landing.
Stmc Greenwood, Fagerlund, Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Coaullle River; Ellefsen, Fort Bragg.
. ' Stmr Chehalis, Thompson, Grays Harbor.
Ship Charmer, Slater, Port Angeles.
Bark Fresno, Peterson, Port .'Gamble.
Bktn Coronado, Potter, Honolulu. .
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson, Grays Har
bor. . ¦ „' •¦ • *
Schr Amethyst, Christiansen, Coquille River.
Schr Forest Home, Kallenberj?, Columbia
River.
SPOKEN.
No date, lat 29 S,-lon 129 W — Br ship FoyLe
dale, hi nee Sept 27, for Westport.
• Per briK Galilee, from Honolou, Jan 31 —
Jan 27, lat 38 29 N, Ion 136 39 W, passed Fr
batk Vendee, from Shields, England, for Port
land, Or. with foretopgallant mast' gone.
Jan 20, lat 32 N, Ion 149 W, bktn Archer,
from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Br ship Olenogll, from Newcastle, Aua,
Jan 31— Sailed Nov 13. Had strong NE and
northerly gales to lat 14 S. On Dec 23, in lat
14 S, Ion 149 W, had a very heavy northerly
gale, - filling decks to the rail and ship rolling
heavily; stove in' the galley and engine room's
doors and doing other slight damage on deck;
also blew away several sails. Crossed the
equator Dec 31. in Ion 150 W. Had ENE to
NNE winds to port. On Jan 11 the ship was
sttiuck aback and shipped a sea over the stern
and carried away the wheel. On Dec. 9, lat
36 S, Ion 152 W, found the cargo heated, the
temperature being 03 degrees. Moved about
20 tons of coal. out of the main hatch. . .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 31, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 16 miles per .hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed- Jan • 30 — Bark Diamond
Head, for Lahaina: ¦ stmr Cottajce City, for
Sitka: stmr Pleiades, for San Francisco; Br
stmr Ner>tune, for United Kingdom-.
Arrived Jan 31— Stmr Eureka, from Hono
lulu; Br shlD SDrlngbank, from Victoria; U S
rtmr Manzanilla, from Astoria; stmr Meteor,
from Honolulu. ¦ .. • ¦•¦.•- -•./. ;
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Jan 29-^Schr Mary
E. Foster, for Honolulu. . •
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 31— Br stmr Wyefleld,
for Comox. ' ¦ - ¦ . . ¦
Arrived Jan 31 — Stmr Czarina, from San
Francisco. Jan 30 — Br - ship Ancaios, from
Melbourne. - ; ' '»>': . ¦ ¦ '
Sailed Jan 81 — Br bark Donna , Franceses,'
for Queenstown. . . ¦ .
PORTLAND— Arrived Jan 31— Ship Cen
turion, from Newcastle. ¦¦-:. • ¦•. .. ¦ -
Sailed Jan 31— Ship Irby, for Queenstown;
stmr Alliance. - for San Francisco. =,
EUREKA — Sailed Jan 31 — Stmr North Fork,
for San - Francisco. • • . - .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed. Jan 31— Schr Occiden
tal, for Eureka; echr . Alcalde, for Portland.
Or;: stmr " Homer, 'for San.i Francisco; iStmr
Aberdeen,' for San Francisco: stmr Acme, " for
San Francisco. . - . . * . ¦ . • • . . . :
Arrived Jan Sl-^Stmr? Samoa." from Bo wens
Landing. . ¦ ; • : , '
NEAH BAY— Passed Jan 31— Br bark Fal
kirk, from Astoria, tor Tacoma; Br. bark Wan
derer, from Shanghai. ;".'. - •'
- ASTORIA— Arrived i Jan 31 — Bktn Omega,'
from Honolulu. • , . . '
Sailed Jan 31— Bktn Chehalis, for San Fran
cisco. ' •-•....... ¦, '. . . ;
¦ OLYMPIA— Sailed Jan 31— Bark Vldette. fpr
San. Pedro, ¦ ¦--•¦. 1- ,.-
AMERDCAN SHIP THAT HAD
AN EXCITING TRIB FROM
v PORT BLAKELET. ' ,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides. . as
sometimes occurs. • The heights given are in
addition to. the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus C— J
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
cherts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U.. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 31, 1902.
Tho Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. BTANDLEY, S
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in charge.
• CHICAGO, Jan. 31.— The Burlington stock
holders met again to-day, and adjourned for
one week, without transacting any business.
The officers of the United States gun
boat Concord expected to" have for exhi
bition to their friends in this city certain
trophies of an exciting' hunting expedi
tion in which some of them took T>art
while the vessel was stationed at Panama
December 30, when five of the officers left
the ship on a cayman hunt. The cay r
man is the Central and South American
crocodile, or alligator. The officers pro
ceeded fourteen miles to the Calmlto Hiv
er and then up the river about two miles,
when the tug grounded. They reached
the lair of the cayman in small boats.
Armed with tee .236 rifles, they shot
many, but .secured the bodies of only five,
lieutenant J. L. Sticht and Xaval Cadet
B. A. Long shot, and brought back three.
Lieutenant A. C. Dieffenbach, Passed As
sistant Surgeon Spear and Assistant Pay
master T. P. Sackett secured two. The
caymans secured measured from eight
and a half to twelve feet in length. It
takes a good shot to kill a- cayman, for
with all his size the eye is all the brute
exposes to the hunter. The bodies were
taken aboard the Concord and placed in
pickle for preservation until the day of
exhibition to San Francisco nimrods. The
brine fermented, however, and the good
of the service demanded a burial at sea
for the whole big bag.
Caymans Are Jettisoned.
Bearings are magnetic and given approxi
mately; miles are nautical miles.
This notte affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1902," page 20. By order
of the . Lighthouse Board.
N. H. FARQUHAR,
Rear Admiral, U. S. Navy, Chairman.
Notice is hereby given that on or about
March 31, 1002, a small whistling buoy, paint
ed black and white. In perpendicular stripes,
will be permanently lUbstltuted for the ftrst
'class can buoy about 1V» miles NW % W from
Penole Point.
SAN PABLO BAY.
LOWER MIDCHANNEL WHISTLING BUOY.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1901," page 10,
after No. C, and the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1902," page 12. By order
of the Lighthouse Board.
N. H. FARQUHAR,
Rear Admiral, U. S. Navy, Chairman.
.The approximate geographical position of the
structure, as taken from Chart No. 5100 of the
Untied States Coast and Geodetic? Survey, is:
Latitude, .north, 31! degrees « minutes (OS
seconds); longitude, -west, 117 degrees 12 min
utes (47 seconds). San Diego Bay Beacon No.
7, E by N, 1 mile; Coronado Hotel. tower, SE %
K; La Playa Light, S\V % S. (L. H. Ji Bul
letin No. 124. par. 80.)
The beacon Is a black, triangular, three-pile
structure, crossed with slats, with ."5" in white
on each side, and standa in 7 feet of water on
the northerly side of the channel of San Diego
Bay.
Notice is hereby given that orf or about Feb
ruary 28, 1902, a fixed white lens-lantern light
will be established, suspended, about IS feet
above mean high water, from an arm extending
from the channel side of San JJIego Bay Beacon
No. 5.
Office of the Lighthouse Board,
WASHINGTON, X>. C, Jan.' 24, 1902.
SAN DIEGO BAY BEACON LIGHT NO. 5.
Treasury Department,
Notice to Mariners.
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon Elias H. Porter is ordered from
the Department of the East to San Fran
cisco for transportation to the Philipr
pines. Major William J. Wakeman, sur
geon, on his arrival at San Francisco will
report 3t the Model Camp, Angel Island,
relieving Major Edward R. Morris, who
is ordered to the Philippines.
Washington: Increase— John W. Schaef
fer, Seattle, JS; Leonard R. Cook, Olym
pia. 512; Phillip W. Stice. Blockhouse, 58.
Widow— Bridget Dillon, Seattle, 58.
Oregon: Increase — Ambrose Blong, Sub
limity, tl2; Alexander Thomson, . Clack
amas, 58; Margaret R. Galfigher, New
Pine Creek. JS.
ihese pensions wore granted: Califor
nia: • Original — Cornelius Buckley, San
Francisco, $10; Teasarden Jarrett, Los
Angeles, |S; Daniel <j. Webster, Vallejo,
$ti; Joseph Smith, Red Bluff, Vi\ Edward
B. Payne, San tranclscd, $6. War with
Spain— Harry M. Knight, Sonoma, $8;
Milton Thomas, Santa Ana, $6. Increase-
Francis B. Ridges, San Francisco. JS:
Charles H. Lee, Pasadena, JS; George
Eustace", Gilroy, $S; William Morgan,
Hanford, {10. Mexican war— William
Stitf, Vacaville, $12; Margaret de la Fon
taine, San Francisco, $S; Sarah J. Depew,
Selma, $8.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— The Postoffice
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postoffices established: California-
Adams, Marin County, Jerry Adams,
Postmaster. Name changed: California —
Smiths Ranch, Sonoma County, to Bo
d^ega. Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia—James G. Dill, Laytonville; Ed
win A. Light, Capetown; Benjamin Lipp
man, Cuyamaca; Solomon P. Creasinger,
Motolija; Ambrose Taylor, Onyx; Albert
S. Brown, Coppervale; Sarah J. Jessup,
Valeton; Howard C. McCaughey, Bo
dega. Appointed: Washlngron — j. D.
Day, Big i^tko, Skaglt County, vice F.
J. Pingry, resigned; P. B. Neison, Nel
son, Ferry County, vice N. B. Nelson, re
signed.
and More New Pensions
Issued.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEHEST TO PEOFLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
102 cs egrgs. 31,925 lbs malt, 17.S81 lbs dried
fruit. 1S5 gals wine, 155 eals brandy, 645 lbs
sugar. 822 lbs lfeaf tobacco. 200 lbs codfish. 350
lbs ham and bacon, 370 lbs dried shrimps, 3 cs
honey, 1125 lbs beans, 209 lbs nuts, 2S0 cs
paste, 200 lbs meal, (JO cs assorted canned
goods. 4 cs axle grease, 335 pkgs fruits and
vegetables, 32 pkgs groceries and provisions, 5
kegs gunpowder, 42 bdls Iron. ."{ pkgs machin
ery, 100 tins matches, HC24 lbs yellow metal,
15 kf-R-s nails, 13 cyls gas, J.0 ca refined glycer
ine, io bdls paper.
The steamer Queen, which sailed yesterday
for Victoria, carried an assorted merchandise
cargo destined for the principal British Co
lumbian ports, valued at $8293. The cargo In
cluded the following merchandise and produce:
Exports to British Columbia.
LOCAL shipping" folk learned with
considerable satisfaction yester
day of the passage in the. United
States Senate of the bill appro
priating money for the establish
ment of various beacon lights and fog
signals on and about the harbor. The
appropriation of $50,000 for a light and
fog "signal at Selby means the filling of
a request made over ten years ago. This
new beacon will be Invaluable to up-river
navigation. The - light on Southampton
Shoal, while of most benefit to the Santa
Fe ferry system, will also be a valuable
aid to up-river navigation. There is still
needed some adequate aid to navigating,
the channel at the entrance to Oakland
harbor. The local Government lighthouse
inspectors have this matter in hand and
hope is high, particularly among the tow
boat people, that the next few months
will see an extra light or two. and a day
light range installed at the entrance to
the harbor of i r>« city across the bay.
terday for Queenstown for orders, with 43,505
ctls barley, valued at 539.1C5 and 16,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $240.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coaat and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
. Waters . at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low -waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
¦.;¦•¦¦ •¦•-•• ¦•¦•¦ •' • »,. v * • •
- COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Empire, for
San I>*ranctsco. «
i Arrived Jan 31 — Schr Melancthon, hence
Jan 19.' • . " • ¦ . - . :
¦ SOUTH BEND- Sailed Jan 31— Ctmr Rival.
f,or San J Francisco, • , » i
. '¦¦ FOREIGN PORTS.
: DOVER — Passed Jan. 30— Ger stmr Memphis,
hence Oct 10, for Hamburg.
i P1SAGUA — Sailed Jan 'M — Br bark Grenada,
for Tacoma.
¦ PANAMA — Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Acapulco,
henca Deo 18. ¦ ,
: SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 31— Ship J B Brown,
from- Tacoma. ,'. . ; •
[ MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan 31— Chll atmr Tuc
apel, i for San Francisco. '. •
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan 28 — Stmr Newport.
Cor Panama. Jan 2!)— Stmr Acapulco. for San
Vrancisco. --. ¦' • ¦
. N AN AIMO— Sailed Jan 31— Stmr. San Mateo.
for Port Los ' Aiiseles. .
OCEAN STEAMERS. "
; ROTTERDAM — Sailed Jan 31 — Stmr ¦ Maas
dam, for New ¦ York, via Boulogne-Sur-Mer,
and sailed from ' the ' latter port.
I HAMBURG — Arrived Jan 31 — Stmr Palatla,
from New York.
MOVIIXE— Sailed Jan ¦ 31— Stmr Ionian,
from.' Liverpool, for Halifax.
LONDON— Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Minneapolis,
for New York.
i AUSTIN, $ Tex.r, Jan. 31.— A dispatch
from Monterey, 'Mexico, says that a cab
inet officer; of "Mexico is authority for the
statement that if .the arbitration plan pro
nosed: by*' the Pan-American congress is
consummated. President Portiro Diaz will
resignv from. office} and spend the remain
der-of his days in- retirement.
Diaz is • heartily in, favor of the peace
movement, as it -will assure the peace of
Mexico -rupon : . his -retirement from the
Presidency.'.' He: has for several years de
sired to fb>; relieved from the responsibili
ties ; of his high omce, but has sacrificed
his personal teelings'.in the matter in or
der that the perioa of peace might con
tinue unbroken. •• ¦<-...
Special Dispatch to The CalL
The flames soon spread to the five-story
Albemarle apartment house, opposite the
Virginia Club, which was quickly de
stroyed, and then to the entire " block
facing the Atlantic and running from
Plum to Main street. Within an hour
this block was in ruins. " . '
The flames started in the Columbia,
which was the largest but one of Nor
folk's office buildings. It was a structure
elx stories high and was built in 1892 by
Davis Lowenberg, its owner. The fire
was discovered at 1:55 thi6 morjjlng, and
shortly afterward 100 gallons of whisky
stored in the building exploded with ter
rific force, tearing out the front wall.
The firemen were driven back by the ex
plosion | and before they could- get' a
stream of water on the flames the entire
building was on fire. Hardly fifteen min
utes later the north wall, which was over
175 feet high, fell in, destroying the home
of the Virginia. Club k wfaicn adjoined the
building on the north. ,•
From the outset it was evident that the
Immense Atlantic Hotel was doomed.. J.
Hull Davidson, its proprietor, personally
made the rtfunds of the rooms and aided
by his assistants aroused every guest in
the builtling: . To this is due the fact that
eo far as known no life was lost, although
about S00 people were asleep in the hotel
when the alarm "was sounded. The little
army of half-dressed men and women
refugees from the flames elbowed their
way through the crowded streets. In
their hands they carried such small be
longings as they were able to save in
their night.
Tho conflagration, one of -the greatest
in the history of Norfolk, started shortly
before 2 o'clock this morning, and when
finally subdued over half a million dol
lars' worth of. property had been de
stroyed. The loss is believed to be- f un
covered by insurance. .
NORFOLK, Va.« Jan. SL— A heap of
smoking ruins is all that remains of the
Atlantic Hotel, the massive Columbia of
fice building; which adjoined the hotel;
the Albemarle flats and- a block of stores
in the center of the city.
Half a Million Dollars' Is
the Amount of Damage
Caused.
Consummation of Arbitration
Plan Will Mean His
Retirement.
•Midnight Fire in Norfo
L Rouses Them From
Their Slumbers.
I Mexico's President Only
Awaits . Assurance
of Peace.
All the Lights for Which the Senate Has Appropriated Money Are
Necessary for Navigation^ of the Bay, Some of Them Having
Been Asked For More Than Ten Years Ago, and More Are Needed
GUESTS LEAVE
FLAMING HOTEL
DIAZ SPEAKS
OF RESIGNING
PROSPECT OF MORE BEACONS
PLEASES THE SHIPPING WORLD
' ," .¦¦:¦¦.:..-¦¦¦'¦¦¦.¦ ' ' ¦¦¦,"''* ¦¦¦¦¦:"¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦¦¦ ' .
TBDE SM FEANCISCO CALL, , SATURDAY^ ABRTJiLRY %\ 1903.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1.
4
Steamer. ,
From.
I Due.
Empire Coos Bay Feb.
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Feb.
Mackinaw . . . Tacoma .". Feb.
Eureka Humboldt Feb.
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Feb.
North Fork. . Humboldt Feb. '
M. Dollar San Pedro Feb.
Pleiades Seattle Feb.
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Feb.
S. Barbara. .. Humboldt Feb.
C. Nelson..,. Portland & Astoria . Feb.
Mandalay Coqullle River Feb.
Rival. Willapa Harbor Feb. •
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. Feb.
Phoenix . Mendcclno Feb.
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock. . -... Feb.
Coronado.... Grays Harbor ....Feb.
Fulton. ..:... Grays Harbor . . . . . Feb.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Qrford. Feb.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Feb.
Pomona Humboldt Feb
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria.... Feb.
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Feb.
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Feb.
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma "..... Feb.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ..... Feb.
Argo Coquille River Feb.
Nome City... San Pedro.'.... Feb.
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports Feb.
Spokane San Diego & Way PortsJFeb.
Pt. Arena. . . . Point Arena Feb.
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Feb.
Doric China & Japan Feb.
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Feb.
Columbia Portland & Astoria..;. Feb.
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul.... Feb.
Sequoia Grays Harbor Feb.
1
1
1
1
1
1
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
•1
2
3
3
3
4
4
i
\
4
5
5
o
5
5
6
e
ft
7
8
!)
!)
9
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
City Seattle.. Skajcway '&." Way' Ports.lFeb.' 4
Al-Kl .... Ska»?way . & Way Ports. iFeb. ?
DlrlKO ....... Skaeway &• "Way Ports. IPeb. 5
Bertha v B ldez & Wav Ports. . JFeb. :. 7
Dolrhln...... Skagway & Way Ports. {Feb. 10
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
— — 1 — .
February 1.
Nicaria Hamburg & Way Pt 12 m Pier 34
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .. 2 pm Pier 2
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
February '£. ~ . ¦ ¦ - ¦ > ¦¦
S.Monica.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Columbia.*. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Spokane San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
• February 3. . ¦ , '.
C. Nelson.. Lcs Angeles Ports. 0 am Pier - 2
M. Doll&r. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka. . .*. . Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Bonita..... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
, February 4. -¦
Empire Coos Bay . 10 am Pier 13
Phoenix Mendocino City ... 3 pm Pier 13
North Fork . Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
' February 5.
State Cal.. San" Diego & Way.. 8 am Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier ft
Mandalay. . Coauille River ... . 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Wlllana Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
February (I. . »
Arcata. Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Argo ... Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 3
Denderah.. Hamburg & Way.. .. I Pier 34
Sierra...... Syrtnev & Way Pts. 10 amlPler 7
February T. ' , •
G. Dollar. .. Orays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance Portland & Coosr B. ...... Pier —
Coronado... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier -2
Coon Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
G. Elder Astoria & Portland.lll am Pier 2-t
Leelanaw.. N. T. via Panama. I 2 pm Pier 10
China China & Japan.... I 1 pm PMSS
Curacao.... Mexican Port3 ....110 amPlerll'
¦ February 8. j - "- r;.::<\
CitySj-dney Pa"nna & Way.. ..Il2 m PMSS
February O.- I
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. .|.... .. Pier —
3u:
3u:
rises ; 7:14
aes 5:33
in rises ...1:27 a. m.
8
®
r
2
3
4
5
6
7
Tim« "iTlme ' Tim» Time •
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L W H "W L W
6:00 6.0 1:00 1.2 T:50 S.ft
L. W U W L.W H "W
0:10 2.9 6:50 5.0 1:50 0.8 8:64 3.8
1:06 3.0 7:35 5.0 2:35 0.5 9:44 4.0
1:58 2.9 3:18 5.1 3:14 0.210:25 4.3
2:46 2.0 0:00 6.1 3:50 0.0 11:01 4.4
3:31 2.0 9:40 6.2 4:26—0.111:36 4.6
4:14 2.8 10:21 6.3 5:01 — 0.1
H "VV L. \V H W L "W
0:09 4.7 4:55 2.6 10:581 »-2 5:37 0.1
8
Steamer. ,
From.
I Due.
Empire Coos Bay Feb.
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Feb.
Mackinaw . . . Tacoma .". Feb.
Eureka Humboldt Feb.
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Feb.
North Fork. . Humboldt Feb. '
M. Dollar San Pedro Feb.
Pleiades Seattle Feb.
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Feb.
S. Barbara. .. Humboldt Feb.
C. Nelson..,. Portland & Astoria . Feb.
Mandalay Coqullle River Feb.
Rival. Willapa Harbor Feb. •
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. Feb.
Phoenix . Mendcclno Feb.
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock. . -... Feb.
Coronado.... Grays Harbor ....Feb.
Fulton. ..:... Grays Harbor . . . . . Feb.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Qrford. Feb.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Feb.
Pomona Humboldt Feb
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria.... Feb.
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Feb.
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Feb.
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma "..... Feb.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ..... Feb.
Argo Coquille River Feb.
Nome City... San Pedro.'.... Feb.
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports Feb.
Spokane San Diego & Way PortsJFeb.
Pt. Arena. . . . Point Arena Feb.
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Feb.
Doric China & Japan Feb.
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Feb.
Columbia Portland & Astoria..;. Feb.
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul.... Feb.
Sequoia Grays Harbor Feb.
1
1
1
1
1
1
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
•1
2
3
3
3
4
4
i
\
4
5
5
o
5
5
6
e
ft
7
8
!)
!)
9
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
City Seattle.. Skajcway '&." Way' Ports.lFeb.' 4
Al-Kl .... Ska»?way . & Way Ports. iFeb. ?
DlrlKO ....... Skaeway &• "Way Ports. IPeb. 5
Bertha v B ldez & Wav Ports. . JFeb. :. 7
Dolrhln...... Skagway & Way Ports. {Feb. 10
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
— — 1 — .
February 1.
Nicaria Hamburg & Way Pt 12 m Pier 34
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .. 2 pm Pier 2
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
February '£. ~ . ¦ ¦ - ¦ > ¦¦
S.Monica.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Columbia.*. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Spokane San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
• February 3. . ¦ , '.
C. Nelson.. Lcs Angeles Ports. 0 am Pier - 2
M. Doll&r. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka. . .*. . Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Bonita..... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
, February 4. -¦
Empire Coos Bay . 10 am Pier 13
Phoenix Mendocino City ... 3 pm Pier 13
North Fork . Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
' February 5.
State Cal.. San" Diego & Way.. 8 am Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier ft
Mandalay. . Coauille River ... . 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Wlllana Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
February (I. . »
Arcata. Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Argo ... Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 3
Denderah.. Hamburg & Way.. .. I Pier 34
Sierra...... Syrtnev & Way Pts. 10 amlPler 7
February T. ' , •
G. Dollar. .. Orays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance Portland & Coosr B. ...... Pier —
Coronado... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier -2
Coon Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
G. Elder Astoria & Portland.lll am Pier 2-t
Leelanaw.. N. T. via Panama. I 2 pm Pier 10
China China & Japan.... I 1 pm PMSS
Curacao.... Mexican Port3 ....110 amPlerll'
¦ February 8. j - "- r;.::<\
CitySj-dney Pa"nna & Way.. ..Il2 m PMSS
February O.- I
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. .|.... .. Pier —
3u:
3u:
rises ; 7:14
aes 5:33
in rises ...1:27 a. m.
8
®
r
2
3
4
5
6
7
Tim« "iTlme ' Tim» Time •
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L W H "W L W
6:00 6.0 1:00 1.2 T:50 S.ft
L. W U W L.W H "W
0:10 2.9 6:50 5.0 1:50 0.8 8:64 3.8
1:06 3.0 7:35 5.0 2:35 0.5 9:44 4.0
1:58 2.9 3:18 5.1 3:14 0.210:25 4.3
2:46 2.0 0:00 6.1 3:50 0.0 11:01 4.4
3:31 2.0 9:40 6.2 4:26—0.111:36 4.6
4:14 2.8 10:21 6.3 5:01 — 0.1
H "VV L. \V H W L "W
0:09 4.7 4:55 2.6 10:581 »-2 5:37 0.1
8
POSTlJil CEKEAL. ~j
TURNED OUT TRUE. j
Coffee Drinking Ecsponsible. f
j ¦"'/¦' . ' • '
"At a dinner party a number of years
ago a physician made Chls 'statement:
"Coffee drinking is responsible: for more |
ills than any other one thing, 6ut It Js j
impossible for me to make my patients j
focllevB it.* ¦ .-.'- j
' "KeithEr would I believe him, but con- I .
tinued to drink my coffee with sweet i
content After a time I became aware of |
the fact that I was frequently, lying '
awake nearly all night without any ap-
parent reason, and the morning found me
tired out and nervous.
"The insomnia increased, then came a
dull pain at the base of the brain and j
eevere pressure at my heart. Sly outside i
work was given up, for I could hardly j
bear the little fatigue of the day. 'Nerv- j
ous prostration brought .on by overwork,'
the doctor said. I thought of the words
of old Dr. Bagley. 'Coffee Is the poison
that* is responsible,' etc., etc.
"I had heard of Postum Food Coffee (
and determined to try It. The first cup !
was so weak and flat that It was not fit j
4o drink. The next time It was prepared
I looked after it myself to see that the '
•Jirecticns were followed properly. -The
..lesult was a revelation; I found it a de- i
licious beverage.
"The cure was not wrought In a day, ;
tut little by little ray nerves became
Vlrong. the pain ecvrid. and again I could
tclcep Uke r. tired child.
"I am now complete y roFtoml £> health
ly Postum Food Ccffc-o used in place of.
ordinary coffee, have rr'sair.ed the frosh
complexion of cirlli^cd, a.id 1 can realise
the truth of tho old doctor's RtatttncSiM
1 wish people could uncierytar.d that ttutS
oerore they permit coCee to break them
down.
"I have known of rcvcral others who
have been restored to health by leaving i
off coffee arid taking up Postum Food j
Co^'ee. Please do not publish my name,
but I am willing to answer letters of in-
• quiry If stamp is inclosed." Name given
by Postum Co., Battle. Creek,, Mich.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Skeens Palnlesi Stricture Cut* eradicates every
trace of Stricture, cleansing *ad healing from tie
¦tart, allaying inflammation and enlargement
of the Prostatg Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
No cutting, dilating, drugging or bongies. We
positively guarantaa a thorough, painless and
permanent cure in every case, and you can
:Pay a When Cured.
We mean just what we my, and it costs nothing
' to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
) plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely
I harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
any address, our interesting bock, " An Honest
i Talk," containing many testimonials, also, a '
POPP 15 DAYS'
™, KtC. TRIAL TREATMENT.
D. A. SKEEH CO.122 Atlas Bank Blag., Clnclnna!!,a
SOHOaaHCEA AND CRINABT BISCH AEGK3
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
flvisiT DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{HUSEOH OF flflflTOiY!
X JCT" The Largest Ana to'nical Museum in the \
(H -M]>_ World. Weaknesses or any eoBtncte<t M
Z. 4sei«»«iUI«lyi«r«dl)ytheilM«<l T
© fSSl 5p«ciiiiit on tlie Coast E$t 36 years. '©
t fl^Sfl DR# J0RD AH-DISfAS£S Or MEM J
\ i®*&ft Comultiaon free and itrieily priyiti. \
§ I jBW H Tre*iment piuoaally ox by ,V;:tCT. A A
\ 8 e n M ******" Cur * ¦» «»ery case undertaken. T
O r If Hip Write fa BooicPniLosttPavar A
» B 11^ *I*IIBIA6E, MAILED FREE. (AT
jk g ft, ' Taluable book for mm) \
f DR. JOHDAX * CO.. 1031 Market St.. 8. F. Y
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR hUH.
Established 1SS1. Coa-
eultatlon and private book
free at office or by malt.
Cares guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAJL.
fflfc CHICK MTErTS ENGLISH
tofiVRGYAL PJLLS
&y**8S\l* "ED ni Gold insUUi. bosei. iea!.a
« tb blue rtbb0 °- Tako »• •thai-. EtfaH
' jn V* 5*'«*C" B ?»*•«*«*<»• and l«lta.
I Lf % Iff **"*•" *"T«'y«2'Craffi»t.ori«nd4«.la
I X.' ' iS. ¦ t ««I>« for PartleuU'r*. Te*t1m»nlnla
A. -A 7 t«r»M«U. IO.OOO Testlmaalmli. Sold h»
gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
j£k<$tT CURES \3 Whites, nnnatnral dis-
£BEtifln 1 to ft dmy«. Y| charges, or any Inflammi.-
E r StW OaaraBteod ta ** tion. irntatioa or ulcora-
BL-jB Prtnnt toaujioa. H 011 o' Rf.nconi mem-
«£&»?„..' > 'SS" or Mnt in P Ial » wrapper,
]S3«^ b y eipreaa, prepaid, for
*trlm5frft. -jra*^T!tl *'-°°» or 3 bottles, J2.73.
Circular sent oa request.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. . y"
~ ~ Local Ltm'd Ovrld I Local
• / Dally Daily Dally Dally
Lv. SanFran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a »:11 p
" Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:SO p
" Hanfoid. 3:12p 3:27p 8:05 a
" Vlsalia.. 8:39 p 5:00 a
" Bakersfd «:15p 5:20p 7:43a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:S0a
" Chlcaso..| [ 2:lSp| >):00pi
a ior morning, p for afternoon. "~
0:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets ar« honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. dally
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Frtsni
local, i Corresponding train arrives at li:Jo
p. m. dally. " . . .
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers anil
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: alii
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fr»sno
Corresponding train arrives at u:0u p. j^
7 :20 a. ¦ m. is Bakersfleld Local. stonDln-
, at all points in San Joaquln Valley. - Cort
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dailv
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broad wav
Oakland. - **
NORTH PACIFIC COAST HAILROAa
Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing September 29 loot
FROM SAN FKANCISCO TO MILL VALI vv
AND SAN RAFAElT vaz *LI-Y
WEEK DAYS— «:55, 8:30, »9:30 1M».
•1:45, 3:1&, 4:15 5:15. :? : i3.«eT45 D m "
EXTRA TRIPS— For Ml.: Valley and" Ran
Rafael on Mondays . Wedneawv. L"lf u a r a
days at »:30 and 11:40 p. m. aatur-
SUNDATS— »8:00. »10:00. «11:JO a. m »i-n
3:15 *4:45. 6:30. »:30 p. m »•*».. 'las.
Trains marked (?) run to' San Quant!™
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN^RANClsrn
WEEK DAYS— »5:25 V 8:27. 7:15 gT,,^?;
a. m.. '12:25. 2:15. '3:35. 4:40 "30 J, 3 '™*
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, \Vedn^=
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55" p nT*'* 1 ***
SUNDAYS— 6:15. "S:^ *10:0O Mwa--
•1:40. '3:15. 4:45. »«:30p. m. 5 • *• ™-
Trains marked (•) start from San o.,o«.i
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN Inffirn
WEEK DAYS— 5:45.. 6:45° 7-55 R -55 irF^i
a. m.. 12:33, 2:45. S:50. 5:10 jTi. 8 ' 55 ' 10:30
- EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays \v#dn»^
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:3a' p« ne!Kl * yi
SUNDAYS— 8:03, 10:05 a. m. P i2%S. 21s
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m. • la - TO ' 2 ' 1S -
THROUGH TRAINS "
.tat^ns!" ' m ' d ? Jr3 ~ C « a <lero and j way
¦tltton?" m B » turda J*-7 Duncan Mills and way
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan MlUa and way
stations. '
Bu^/aVlfme.^ b ° alS *»*«*»» wUl rua „
BAH, WAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. 1
Tratmm !*«*«• nn«l nr« ilur to nrrlv* »t '
WAN riCAMCIMCW.
Qlalo Uw>, Foot of Market 3tra»l) -
tMATB — From Dscimbir 6. 1301. — AMXXf%
7iOO* Benidm, Snlson, Elmln and Smtv
memo 8:&HO
7:OO a Vacaville, Wlnt<«,' Rumaey ?tOA»
?>SUa M»xtiii»z,9»uIt»u»oo.VallBio. N»dk
C»IUto«» and aanta Rosa «:33»
IiSOa D*.*ta. Woodland. K u !gnt» Landing.
Majrystiile, <>ro»iite_ 777-7 7l53»
8iO«* Atlsntio Kxproa-Ozden and Ztti * 8:*»4
•rtiOi Hues. Lithrop. Stockton ?iS3»
•iO«aNU<xs MendoU. H.nford, Viulta.
Porterrule «t3S»
•t**A Shaata Expr F «-Da»U, WiUlam. (for
-Bartlett Springs). WUlovra, Bod
Bluff. PoxUkmt 7(99*
•i»»* 8«n Joae, Ll»ermor«, Stockton.
lone, rtaermmeuto. PUcenille,
.M*rj»»HI», Cbloo. Ue.lHlnir 4tU»
' SiSOa Oakilale. Chines, Sonora, TvioJumns 4:33v
titWA Hay ward. Nile* and Way autions.. 1 Ii.ISa
•t—x VaHelo ,ia.aa#
; »i»tf* Iroa AasalM Inmss — Martlnei,
Tracy. Lathrop. Htooktou. lterce-1
FrwMO and Lw Aagale* 7iO9a
> »i»Oa VaiMii. AUrliuei ami Wi} fllUtiom 7l33V
itiOOA Tho O»erl»mlLi!uit«d-Og(!eu, I>«a-
»er, Om»ha. Chicago »ia3»
fliOOr Sacnim«uk> KWer .Sluiuara fll:OU»
•<o»r Benleta, Wlatexa. H»cr»:nenlo.
WooUlaiid. KulKhta Landing
• M » r»»»UI », Ot o»IH« • •»»»*
tilVr Hayward, Nile* and Way StaUona.. 7:33v
4iO«r MutliiOT. fl»u lUraoii. VaJIsJo,
Nairn, Calistnga. HanU Uom »i»5»
4i00rNlIea, LlTfnnore, Stockton. Lodi... 13il»»
4i:t(»r Hay»ara.Nlle*,a»a Jos«, li»*rmor« f3^*
«:3t>rTha Owl Limited — Fresno. Tular*.
Bak*raflsld. 8aac»i tot Simta Bajr-
b»n. !x» Ancele* SUM*.
»•««? Fort Co»t». Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton lot*a*
8tOOrH»xtinr«. Antioth, Stockton, Uer-
oed.Freeno 12i83»
•i«Or R»y«»rd, JJllwandSan Jcu 7:394
t««««r Vallejo llt*3%
•••or Oriental Malt— Ogden. Center.
OmaJia. St. IxniU. Chloigo 4«a»»
7i*«r Ot««oi» »na CkllfornU Kxi-reu.Maa.
ritiiisiito. MarjBillIo. Kmliiliii.
rortlnml, fugel rtoin.il ami Kut »:MA
•««5»S*n Pablo, Port Conta, Maxttoes
a.td War Station* 11>&94
_ t»raip Tan>|c .." 7«aay
COAST LINE (3»rrow UaMge).
(Foot «.t M»rUet Street.)
§»»l.1y» Newark, C'BHte>tUle,Han j out, Fi>lto>n,
Bonldar Creek.Sm t » 0 mz and W»j
8UUon> »«3*»
; ?*»!»» Newm k, C«nte<«Ult>. H:im .!o»n, Nei*
. AIuwilou. r«ltoH. Itouldor Orsok.
Saute Cnu au<l Viiucipa: Wax '
StaUoiia !••»•*
«ii."» r Mawntk. Kan Joa«. l*m O»toa t*:*»*
•9.3ur Hasten' Train— 3ea Jca« and Wu
StoUona :7.»t>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnm SIS msCISC3-?ooi »f Market Street (SJi? 8)—
tJ:13 <i.Q0 ll:C0*.M. 1:23 3:03 5:i3'.«.
rcMiOtlUlB— r»«l .f i««.4 »»t.— til:0O t*-.OO tSdOt
I9 : 0O*.ii. 12:03 2.C3 4:03 r.n.
COAST LINE (Bro»4 OangB).
¦-•.-¦'.-••¦ frhlia and Ta\Tiw»!ia Sta.)
•:l«ASaa Joaaand W*j .^taUooa,.... ««4Oa
7:#«.\ SauJimeiti.it \V»y .Stutini*. ........ fS>«A9
/7i««i New Ah««<Ieu... :.... / 4ll«#
ti«tt* Cr^st Line Limited — Baa Jose;
Cilny, S»:iu»*. 3w> Lnf* Obispo,
i &ant* Barbaia. Lot Angt-h's »cd
— - . principal In ttime<Ji»t8stition*.... IOHUIP
. ViOOa Hm Join. Tim I'ioos. Nanhi rum.
PhcIih} Unxr, raliaas tan Lola
Obisvo aiul Priacl;>». intermedittt*
Stnti.uiB ,« ' «il«rf
1»i3«a 3aa Jc»e and W»y Stolons.... m<u«a
¦ IsSWA San .:i>hk kihI Way Stations Ol**
\%: l.%p fi»it M»t-o, Kwlwco.!, .MitIii Park,
Pnlii Alto. HinU Clara. San .loaa,
Tm Plaoa, Hauu Una, Salbaa.
Mumercy »¦•') I'acllie HrnTe fIO:»34
3 ••."1- H»n .lotia »...! W«y Stations. fiB*V
MsISr 9»n Jnae»ii<l |-ti>.aiv»> «'¦» sutioua »«*•»
«sa»r Sans«t I imited— Mondays. Wcdnra-
days. ">ld»y«. for Lo* Angelp*. El
Paso Xaw Orleans ami Nov York.
Arri»e» Sandiya. lueatlajs and
Thursdays IO>1I*
t.tiOOr San Jtiiw, Los Gates aud Principal
Way Stations .". t»:O*a
StSttp S>u Jaw «n.l Principal \V» jr .Statioua C;.1O»
«::toi- ?„. .J,,a-an,l \V»« SliHio.w TstO*
1:<Wf K«w Orleans Eiprena — Mia in!»
Obispov Saut* KKrhirm, lia An-
Celt*. 0 mi:i2. £1 Pajo, Net* tir-
lejtua and K«ai ....,.,. 7i39*
: «ll»43y&a» Jem, tin! Way Stations ..... 7>3O^
A for Moniiuc 1* for A fteruoon.
1 HuuditT naiMud. 2 fcunday only.
O Satarcbis uo'y_. /JTuccdax* »nd Triday^
ClUfOfiNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CGL
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIn-J
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot ot Market SC
Can Francisco tw San liatatl.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:W. 11:00 a. xn.; 12:33.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — £ztr» trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:3(^ 11:00 a. m.; X:3«, 3:sfl|.
6:00. 0:20 p. xn.
baa Huiual to i-la.-i Francisco.
WEEK DAYS — «:10. 7:50. »:2O. 11:10 a. xn.;
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3 :i9.
6:05, 6:28 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arftvo
San Francisco. [Apr. 23. 1801 [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 , j bun- I Week
Days. 1 days. ) Deatlnatlon [ daya, [ Daya.
7:30am S:0(Jara Novato. 10:40am S:40ant
3:30pm S>:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
0:10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pxa
i Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geysenrllle,
3:30pm 8:C0am Cloverdale, 7:33pm 6:20pru
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23aca
3:30pm 8:00am and Cki-h. 7:35pm 0:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10; _5j_ra
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 9:40aia
and
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pra
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40am|10:_5ara
3:"{0pmj 5:C0pm[ Sa bastopol. | 7:35pm| «J:2tipm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for A'.trurla; at • Lyttan for Lyttan
Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga Springs; a:
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Kopland (or
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Keisey-
ville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepor:
and Bartlett Springs: at Uktah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witttfr Springs, Upper Lake Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlUe, Orr*s
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willits. Laytonville, Cummins
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olses'3. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
raiding.
H. a WHTTINO. R. X. RYAN.
:'¦-•_: Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass Agt.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS UA1LWAY
Leave j Via Sausaltto Ferry Amve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. SanFran.
m^ la?; «*«»•. Bum.-*.-- , Sun - Y;" 5 "
t^ A - ,« :^ A - i"*." •— 1»« 1<«'» »» tjo LOO P. 'J.4-5 a.
F«i», 8u T-nmrUn to ?>m»U » n ,l Kttan. »1 v. '
1U*t0Ac«. «U JUKUT STWXr i*I 3AttiAUI0 IZ3XZ.
Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/jLfc«^^ fi2O KEAIiriY ST. Established
Sn VfllSk'" 1S3 * ior t ! >" troatxiiciit i>f I'rivuW
tiirl^k- Si»3f i)iH *" ls '' s . I-"«t Ma!ino<«:l. TH»hi;ity or
5Jb55^,^S* iI ' s( *"S <> weKrlnemi hodyand niiml a;tU
•^¦B^M^Skln Diseases. The I^octorcuvcsivJieu
blWmKg^l others fall. Try hiro. I'hanfes low. .
•^SsSStiniSaVurewsfuarjinlef a. CuDcrwrtM
, Pf. *. «•• «IB3O.\. asm rrauctrcp. Ul. -
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear .signature of /£**^z^*£
};¦ Tory BKaU'and as easy *. ."'
* to take as sugar*
«np ' ¦ ¦ -Mji i\*r> FOR HEADACHE* SEE!
bbt GARTtKO FOR DIIZIMESS. U -
¦ FOR BILIOUSNESS. ._.,.„..-
GENUINE Vii#rb nr torpid liver. GENUINE
ULNUINL BIVER F0R coNSTIPATIOR.
wra'ppfpIOb fob SAlL0W sm ' WRAPPER
WnArTfcn mmm I ma thecomplexsok
O£NU1N1£ MUST WAVC $V»»tATUW C.
" FRI3S3TB3D CD3& REID FAFER. 7 '-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STARTS
WITH A COLD,
Catarrh is a | /^^^^£3
lingering cold l//i$~|§|£^\
which refuses |j|(| "^^^^
to yield to or- ' »(\|fc_^*i8
dinary treat- i'/jj^YV fff
Catarrh usually starts with a cold in the '
head and if left unchecked "in this "climate
rarely cets well of itself. • '•, '¦-¦'¦
, Ab_ fresh cold la taken the disease spreads,
getting . deeper and deeper, creeping along th»
mucous membranes from nose to throat, j from
throat to windpipe, from windpipe. to bronchial
tubes and. from bronchial tubes to lung cells. .
The mucous membranes' all connect, one with ;
another.' Hence it is easy, to spread : from on» !
part to another lined with this same: membrane.
This Is why catarrh In the head soon affects the
throat and finally the stomach Itself, bringing
on chronic catarrh of the stomach," which is a
most obstinate form of dyspepsia.
¦Kverybody is now well, agreed that catarrh Is
a blood disease and not a local one, and the at-
tempt to cure by local applications simply gives
temporary' relief, from the purely local symp-
toms without the remotest effect in staying the
progress of the disease.' . . . " , .
There Is a new preparation recently offered to
the public that Is apparently destined to do
away; with every other form of catarrh treat-
ment. * - ' ' " V ' ¦:.¦;>
' - This new remedy is not a secret patent medi-
cine, but is a large, pleasant tasting tablet com-
posed of Bloodroot, Red gum from the Eucalyp-
tus tree, and other valuable and harmless spe-
cifics, which are taken -internally and. seem to
¦ have ' a' remarkably /beneficial effect - upon th«
blood and mucous membranes, apparently elimi-
nating , -the fcatarrhal poison from the - whola
system. • ' : ' -V -. - • ;¦'-¦¦
. These tablets, .while being pleasant,' conven-
ient 'and absolutely safe to use, have made
cures in long standing cases of catarrh that
are little short of marvelous. They are sold by
druggist* under name of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, and any catarrh sufferer who has tried
¦inhalers, lotions, '. ointments. , salves, etc:, and
realized their • Inconvenience . ' and uselessness
will fully appreciate the difference between a
mere palliative and a permanent cure after giv-
ing Stuart's Catarrh Tablets an impartial trial "
All druggists sell . them ¦ at 60 cents for full
sized' package, and no matter where the catarrh
is located, in the. head,' throat, lungs or stom-
ach, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets will surprise you j
with the effective result of «ven"'a few days use. IAt the close of the recount in Judge Mu
rasky's court yesterday, Edward I. Walsh
was 132 votes ahead of George Alpers.
Walsh gained 11 votes in the two precincts
counted yesterday, the first of the Thirty
eighth " and seventh of the Forty-second
Assembly districts. Coglan gained 9 votes
on Eggers and Bent lost 12. •
Walsh Is Still Gaining.
Mre. C. E. Martllng, Mrs. W. A. Deane,
Mrs: A. McCabe, Mrs. A. H. Abbott. Mrs.
Rose, Mrs. Harriet Welch, Mrs. A. H.
Brod, Mrs. C. Hildebrand, Mrs. W. C.
Morrow, Mrs. C. C. Reldy, Mrs. Waters,
Mrs. Melville and Dr. Steers. .. The follow
ing are among the exhibitors: Mrs. Mart
llng, Mrs. Abbott, Mrs. Hildebrand, Mrs.
Morrow. Mrs Virgin of Fresno. Mrs. Mc-
Cabe, Mrs. H. McCracken; Mrs. . Brod,
Mrs. Deane, Mrs. Dewitt of Corning. Mrs.
Payne of Los Angeles. Mrs. Mehany: of
Altadena and Mrs. Smith of Los Angeles.
The Pacific Cat Club will hold Its an
nual exhibition in connection with, the
"Juvenile Fairyland Carnival", at Mechan
ics' Pavilion February 8 to 15. There will
be about seventy-five cats shown of the
high-bred variety,' mostly , Angoras and
Persians and many fine specimens of
short-haired cats. The show committees
consist of the following members:
Pacific Cat Club Exhibition.
Joe Sasaki, a Japanese, employed as a
janitor by Pauson & Co.. 202 Kearny
street, was crushed to death yesterday be
tween the elevator and trap door of the
sidewalk. Sasaki was engaged in lowering
c f sea i into the cellar and while so x doir.ff
closed the trapdoor after the elevato
made its descent. In returning h© figureci
the elevator would raise the trap door
but in this he miscalculated and instead
his body was caught between the cage and
the door. He was. removed to the Emer
gency Hospital, where he died an hour
later. ASfedUiiMMBKx • • . • .
Crushed to Death by Elevator.
At one time Mone possessed considerable
money, In former times being a director
in several railroads and other corpora
tions. ;•,?.;:>;;
Jovial and generous, "Johnny" Mone
will probably be best and longest remem
bered In his connection with early base
ball in California. He always remained
a loyal supporter of the national game,
and nothing pleased him more than to
gather about him a crowd of friends and
recount* the wondrous ability of the old
baseball favorites who used to play when
the Halght-street grounds was the, Mecca
of the people. ¦ ' ' - • •--.
About this time he commenced the study
of law and entered the law office of Mc-
Dougall, Sharp & Lloyd. Although the two
senior members of the firm subsequently
died, Mone remained a clerk in Lloyd's
office until about a year ago, when he
commenced the practice of law for him
self. Up till about two months ago he
had an office in the Clunle building. At
the time of the reorganization of the Su
perior Courts of this city, Mone was
awarded the position of Court Commis
sioner, which ofllce he held " until his
death.
John J. Mone was born In Boston, April
7, 184'J. He came to this city in May. 1864,
to spend his school vacation with his pa
rents, who had settled here several years
previous. What was intended as only a
month's visit was protracted' into a so
journ for life. Shortly after arriving here
he engaged himself with Charles and Ar
thur Nahl, now deceased, artists who por
trayed pioneer scenes in California. After
a year's application to brushes, pencils
and palettes ¦ he gave up his study and
became identified with several debating
and theatrical societies which flourished
here In the old days and furnished amuse
ment at the old Turn Vereln Hall and
Platfs Hall.
John J, Mone, who will long be remem
bered as the president of the old Califor
nia Baseball League, and who for over a
quarter of a century was a prominent fig
ure in legal circles of this 'city, was found
dead yesterday afternoon In his'apart
ments at 320 McAllister street. Death was
due to asphyxiation. Shortly after noon
one of the roomers in the ' house where
Mone resided detected the odor of gas
issuing from Hone's apartments. The
door leading to the rooms was unlocked,
and when opened Mone was found dead
in bed. He was undressed, as if he had
retired for the night. Gas was flowing
into the room from, two open gas jets.
The friends of the old-time baseball pat
ron are loth ! to believe tnat he commit
ted suicide. They are of the opinion that
he went to bed and neglected to turn off
the gas and that during the night tha
light was extinguished by a sudden gust
of wind. -- : *
Mr. Trumbo became financially embarrassed
and sought my aid. Our relations had always
been of the most friendly nature and when
he asked me to execute the note in suit to help
him out I consented. He assured me that It
would never come against me. Between Mr
J^ me U wa3 notaln S more than an
«r T^ at X a i 3o : T lnade a similar note in favor
of Irvlns and Henry Scott for Mr. Trumbo
stated that the Scott brothers had Issued an
execution upon a Judgment of Intj™ abates" .
him and had levied upon his paintings He
complained bitterly and represented to me that
he had conferred with the Scotts and they had
agreed to take my note as security. I accorn
£r» a A* lr i I™"* 0 fc y making a note for tha
face of the Judgment, which I think was *300o!
LS^iSSTS
SS&iSViKK:. 0 ' the <«truction 0? my
A similar decision was rendered some
time ago by Judge ,Hunt. but It was set
aside on motion ot Estee's attorneys, who
claimed that they had not been notified,
that the case was to coma up for trial.
, Estee claimed that he agreed to give
hi3 legal services to the value ot the note,
but this was denied by Trumbo. In the
deposition taken at Honolulu, which was
offered in evidence yesterday, Estee says
he. never received any consideration for
the note. Continuing, he says: •
A .verdict in favor of Isaac Trumbo was
rendered by Judge Hunt yesterday In the
suit brought by Trumbo against M. JU.
Estee to recover $8000 on a note executed
by the Hawaiian jurist in 1S98. Judgment
was given for $10,550, which includes in-^ 1
terest at 8 per cent per annum since the
date of the note.
Attorney Is Found Dead
in Bed in His Apart
ments.
M. M. Estee Must Pay
Him the Sum Due on ,
Promissory Note.
ISAAC TRUMBO
WINS HIS SUIT
GAS ENDS LIFE
OF JOHN J. MONE
5
• I."'-.' . ¦ ' ¦ ¦' - - . -. , ¦¦ '¦"¦¦-'¦- - r-r. . ', ¦ ... .--.-":
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIiy SATURI>A:Y; FEBRUARY 1~ 1902.
CORONER'S MESSENGER POISONED.—"
Frank ¦ Murphy, ; Coroner's messenger, is con
fined to his room with a severe attack of blood
poisoning, . contracted while ¦ assisting at an
autopsy. ¦
. ASSIGNEE; BRINGS SUIT.— J. M Cusick u
suing Elizabeth Boyne for ?1000, due on^ claim
for legal services < rendered the , defendant by
Attorney , J. Hubert Mee. Mee assiened hi*
claim to the Dlaintift. . ; ¦¦; . • ls
-¦ Eugene and Harry Campodonico. -broth
ers^ who : were .charged with assault -to
murder, , appeared before Judge : Mogan
yesterday. E. Castagnino, 519B Montgom
ery avenue,'. was the complaining. witness.
The evidence showed that Castagnino had
flagra ntly ' insulted a sister of the two
defendants on, January 1, and when they
met Castagnino -in a saloon at Stockton
and Union streets, • Harry ' Campodonico
attacked Castagnino, with his fists. ;Eu
eene Campodonico , was playing billiards,"
and seeing his brother was no; match for
Castagnino, he struck Castagnino on the
head with a billiard cue, - Castagnino said
In court' that he did not 'care to further
prosecute 'the case, and' the Judge dis
missed them.. ; -, . . .:,_• . . .
Campodonicos Are Dismissed.
..The. Bureau of Yards: and Docks at
Washington, after a thorough investiga
tion Into .the 'merits 'of the various boilers
offered for the new; steam plant at Mare
Island, has awarded the contract ; t> the
Risdon Iron Works for. their Heine water
tube, boilers, horsepower aggregatifur . EM
&5£ff been • ordered ¦ ft^ST - Si'dS!
Heine boilers are those tor.tKwMw
ket-street building of the Mutual Saving
Bank for .the .new .works of the In
dependent 1 Ught and Power ; Company "
It is a well known ¦ fact that the reroni
of the Heine boiler while burhlnt oil at
the Midwinter Fair.: has not vblen"aS
proached by any other form of water tube
boiler, and fbr that- reason. it is but mi"
ural that the . Heine boiler is given "the
preference over other, forms of boilers .- •
Heine Boilers Adopted for Mare
v Island Navy Yard.
The naval apprentices at the Naval
Training Station on yGoat Island issue a
very/ neat monthly publication under the
name of "Naval Flashes." it has an at
tractive cover in colors and the contents
are \ newsy ' and of : a character to foster
the splendid. esprit de corps of the navy
and the Marine Corps. . ™ navy
_Tho number of, "Na^al
Flashes" haa three excellent half tones
two of drill.jjcenes and one of the train
ing station barracks. It has several
thoughfut editorials and much crisp news
of the station. ..
ing Station on Yerba Buena
Island. :' : ';SX
Monthly Paper Gives News of Train-
. The principal increase was in the nickeU
in-the-slot machine licenses having " been
paid for over 1900 machines, . almost dou
ble the amount collected before. A large
number of machines, now that license col
lections are enforced, have been sent to
the country by the owners. - x
The number of new wagon licenses were)
150 There were 1200 saloon licenses is- 1
sued at $21 apiece, amounting to $25,200,
and slot machine licenses netted $17,380,
a total of $42,580. '
Licenses to carry deadly weapons were
issuedat the rate . of two a day during
January, 1902, there being 900 now out
" Among different licenses applied for
was one for Van exhibition of trained
chickens," which, on investigation, proved
to be -cock fighting.. From Seattle,
Wash.-, came an inquiry from the "Can
non Ball King" asking what amount of
license would have to be paid in order to
enable him " to make a living patching
cannon balls at the Cliff. He was re
ferred<to the Coroner. A deputy sent outJ
to round up the fortune tellers reported
great destitution among them, they ask
ing for exemption on the ground of large
families and small income. , - :
-Thetotal number of all kinds of licenses
Issued was 7396. '¦"-'¦
The amount collected for licenses by
Tax Collector Smith for January was
$74,798.50, the largest collections for any
month since the charter went into effect,
and $15,421.75 more than was collected in
the month of January, 1901.
loons Add Largely to the Rev
enue of the City.
2Tickel-in-the-Slot Machines and Sa-
LICENSE COLLECTIONS FOR
JANUARY SHOW INCREASE
Thomas P. Woodward, recently-appoint
ed a member of the Board of Education.
will continue to serve as a member of
the Grand Jury. Woodward was in doubt
as to his right to serve on the Grand?
Jury and at the same time hold a munici
pal office. He therefore sent a letter to
Supe-ior Judge Carroll Cook asking his
opinion. When the Grand Jury reported
yesterday Judge Cook explained the law
and informed Woodward that holding of
flc° might act as an exemption from
Grand Jury service, but did not dis
qualify him from serving.
Can Act as a Grand Juror.
1TAVAL APPRENTICES \
'£}f;L. ; ISSUE PUBLICATION"
Orrin S. Henderson, chairman of the
San Joaquln County Board of Supervis
ors, has entered the race as a. Republican
candidate- for the Railroad Commission:
Henderson is in the Third District, that
is now represented by N. Blackstock of
"Ventura County. He is one of the most
progressive of the young men of the San
Joaquin Valley. He is active in fraternal
circles Rnd stands high in business af
fairs. The . Stockton : Independent j says
that Henderson is one of the most ener
getic and capable men . in public life in
Central California. •
Mayor ¦ Clark of -Sacramento is the
latest addition to the list, of candidates
for Railroad Commissioner in the First
District. *
It Is common • gossip that Perkins and
Metcalf have agreed to recommend Tom
Dargie for Postmaster of Oakland, but the
fact comes to light that Postmaster
Friend is making strenuous effort to re
tain the place. Many merchants, bank
ers and others of the guild known as
leading men indorse Friend and commend
his management of postal affairs. The
point is raised that Senator Perkins, the
new apostle of civil service, cannot con
sistently invoke the spirit of reform in
the civil service to save Lynch and then
refuse its Invocation to protect Postmas
ter Friend. Again, the question is asked,
"Why should Frank Leach of the Mint be
retained and Friend cast out?" ,
Senator Perkins ha3 sent word to his
followers that they must keep their hands
off the gubernatorial fight. This signifies
that the out and out advocates of Per
kins for another term must not shout for
Preston, Flint, Pardee or Gage. An Oak
land State Senator who assumed to speak
for the State administration on the floor
of the Senate at one time early in the last
session of the Legislature finds himself
in a very uncomfortable position. He is
fond of Gage, but he fears Pardee.
• The Railroad Commission.
The Oakland Postoffice.
Jesse *B. Fuller. " When' Senator Perkins
and Representative Metcalf decided that
Colonel Fuller could not be removed, a
dead set 'was made by Cal Ewing to se
cure Babcock's appointment as post
master of Alameda. The fact was then
revealed that Postmaster Lydecker was
solid with, the powers, and a break was
suddenly made in' another direction to un
cover something for Babcock. All sorts
of suggestions were made for taking care
of him. When Jerome died, leaving the
chief clerkship vacant. Babcock was at
once listed as a candidate to fill the va
vancy. At first blush one is inclined to
fancy that Colonel Babcock Is the most
persistent and insistent office seeker in
the wide West, but the truth is he hold3
the modest little office of Court Commis
sioner and is not making special effort to
get anything else. It happehs, however,
that the politicians across the bay have
it in mind that Clarence Crowell, ch&Ir
man of the Alameda- County Republican
Committee, must be appointed Court
Commissioner, and in order to carry out
the design are' seeking for a place in
which to put 'Babcock. Indications are
that Babcock will get something In the
Custom-house, and that' Crowell will get
the office of Court- Commissioner. The
settlement of this agitation will afford re
lief to Senator Perkins and Representa
tive Metcalf.
Mrs. Kilbourn, . who is a well known
resident of Santa Rosa, went to visit the
mother of Morrisey and claims that she
took the wrong electric car. While cross
ing some vacant lots to reach the home
of Mrs. Morrisey she fell down a railroad
embankment and was severely shaken up.
On reaching the Morrisey home Mrs. Kil
bourn was given a drink of whisky, and
young Morrisey and his companion i> »ynn
volunteered to show her the way to the
car line she should take to return to
•While conducting Mrs. Kilbourn to the
car line the young men, it is alleged,
took her, into a vacant shanty, attacKea
her and fobbed her of her diamonds.
• On complaining to the police Frank
Morrisey, Martin Flynn and Thomas
Crouch were arrested and given a hear
ing before Judge Mogan in the Police
- Mrs." Kilbourn's friends assert that In
fluence was brought to bear on behalf of
th«» accused men and Judge Mogan dis
missed them. In disposing -of the. case
Judge Mogan characterized Mrs. Kil
bourn as a woman addicted to the use of
liquor and not to be believed. He em
phatically asserted that the accused men
left his court without a stain on their
characters. . . • ¦ ,.
The action of Judge M,ogan was brought
to the attention of the Grand Jury and
that inquisitorial body spent considerable
time in taking testimony in the case.
The Grand Jury .yesterday appeared be
fore Superior Judge Cook and returned
indictments against Morrisey for attempt
ed assault and robbery, and an indictment
for attempted assault was returned
against Flynn. Judge Cook ordered, the
indictments placed on the secret file until
the accused men were arrested. Bail was
fixed in. the sum of $5000 on each Indict
ment. .
Indictments were returned yesterday by
the Grand Jury against Frank Morrisey
and Thomas Flynn, who are accused by
Mrs. Mary KiJbotirn of having made an
attack on her some weeks ago while
showing her to a car line in the Mission,
and also of robbing her of her jewels.
Indict the Alleged As
sailants of Mrs.
Kilbourn.
GRAND JURORS
MAKE A REPORT
As a scorcher the sun gives it to the
wheelman in the neck.
NOME . SALOON-KEEPER', SUED.— Hank
Summers, a Nome saloon-keeper, is being sued
by the Jesse Moore-Hunt Company for $19G6 44.
due on; a' promissory note.. -Summers gave his
note as payment for. a quantity of whisky he
bouKht from . the firm. ¦
The South Park Settlement clubrooms
were crowded last evening when a most
pleasing vocal and Instrumental entertain
men t was given by Mme. Ellen Coursen
Roeckel. In addition to many numbers
presented by -Mme. Roeckel the audience
listened to selections by Miss Belle Sam
uels, Miss Helene Roeckel, Miss A. Gil
more, Miss Anette Miley,' Miss Grace
Sherry, Master M. Roeckel. Miss Mario
Roeckel. Edward . Lotz, James F. Ritter
and .A. Leon Auradou. Concerts and en
tertainments are given every Friday even
ing by the managers of the South Park
settlement and the organization is meet-
Ing with considerable, success. ;
Large Audience Enjoys Music.
President Roosevelt's assistance in un
covering one of the boldest rascals who
ever - operated In . San * Francisco is- the
subject of a page. in to-day's News.Let
ter, with a letter from the . President. . It
is the laying bare of a scandal that will
appall the public and will probably be the
means of landing a ' leecher behind - tho
bars. /The News Letter' is rich in sensa
tions. ) The disclosure of the frauds in'
connection with landing Chinese here ts
the subject of an editorial which will be
a surprise to the public. The • editorial
continues the News Letter's intelligent
fight against Chinese exclusion. The two
leading features have not caused any fall
ing off in the merit of the other depart
ments of the paper, which, as usual, are
fullof.good things. - . - •
To-Day ? s News Letter.
Receipts From . Consumers Show a
Large Excess Over the Disburse- •
merits During Past Year.
The Spring Valley Water Company yes
terday filed a statement with the Board
of Supervisors showing the" name of every
consumer to whom it supplies water and
also the receipts and expenditures of the
corporation for 1901. The statement shows
the following receipts and disbursements:
Receipts for water rents •....51,797,874 24
Old city bills for 1893 . 30,280 08
Other sources 44,550 00
Total • $1,872,710 32
Disbursements .:........ 1,313,654 35
. Balance .... $559,055 97
Dividends (nine months) .. 629,200,00
Surplus .........' $29,855 97
Paid for permanent improvements.' 974,732 07
Resolved, That this, club will this year call
on all citizens of California to stand together
and drive into retirement the/ 1 controlling
bosses, William F. Herrin and Daniel M.
Burns, one the paid representative of the cor
porations and the other the controlling pro
prietor of the racetracks. •
Resolved, by the Iroquols Club of San Fran
cisco, That "we call the attention of the Demo
cratic members of the Board of Supervisors to
the above declaration -of principles and ask
them to continue the warfare. In this city
against the racetrack trust and defeat the ini
quitous and demoralizing ordinance Introduced
by a representative of labor to open the Ingle
elde track in violation of .the Union Labor
platform adopted at their, municipal conven
tion. . - ' ¦ • .
After initiating a large number of ap
plicants a set of resolutions declaring
against trusts and monopolies, and con
cluding as follows, were adopted:
None of the members of the Iroquols
Club will carry their wampum belts with
them to "London town" to attend
the coronation of King Edward. The
committee on resolutions, consisting of
Max Popper, William McMann and John
Barrett, presented a set of resolutions
last night deprecating "toadyism to royal
ty as a criminal aggression . to republican
institutions." ¦ . The resolutions were
vociferously adopted. • - ;
TJrge Democratic Supervisors to Con
tinue War Against Racetrack
Trust. ' :r ;ix~CiSh
ODD FELLOWS GATHER
AT THE BANQUET TABLE
Prominent Members of the Order
Spend an Enjoyable Evening
at tne California Hotel.
The first annual banquet of the Past
Grands' Association of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows was held last even
ing In the California HoteL There were
covers laid for one hundred and ten per
sons, and all seats were occupied. It was
the largest gathering at past grand of
licera of the order that has ever assem
bled In this city. An excellent menu, was
served, after which Louis Kragen as
toastmaster after asking President F.
Turpin to Bay a few words of welcome,
called .for responses to several toasts.
"There Is a divinity that shapes our ends,
rough hew them as we may," was re
sponded to by J. X. Young; W. W. Brack
en entertained with witticisms; The In
nuence of Odd Fellowship Upon Our State
and Nation," W. B. Curtis; Lloyd Spencer
amused the assemblage with special fea
tures, after which Past Supreme Lodge
Representative James G. Maguire re
sponded to the "Sovereign Grand Lodge.
Past Grand Master W. W. 'Watson re
sponded to the "Odd Fellows of Califor
nia." Elton Lambert for a short time
kept the past grands in good humor by
singing comic songs. W. A. S. Nicholson
responded to the "Beneficent Features of
Odd Fellowship." after which James A.
Wilson responded to "Fraternal Duties."
Th»> entertainment committee was com
posed of Louis Krogen. J. W. Perry and
E. A. Holmes, assisted by the following
officers of the association: R. H. Lloyd,
first past president; F. L. Turpin. presi
dent; J. X. Young; W. T. Webb, secre
tary, and C. R. Benedict, treasurer.
George Egan was sentenced to six
months In the County Jail by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on the charge of petty lar
ceny. He entered the office of Dr. Thoma*
L. Price, 705 Vallejo street, and stole some
surgical instruments. He was originally
charged with burglary, but the charge
T.as reduced to petty larceny.
MECHANIC 6UES FOR DAMAGES.— Dan
iel Shea, a "holder-on." filed a suit against
the Rlsdoa Iron Worka resterday for; $5000
damages for Injuries received at the works last
November through the breaking of a hook need
by riveting gantrs.
SPRING VAIXEY TH.ES
STATEMENT OE EARNINGS
There is a berth somewhere In reserve
for a good man from Alameda— the ofllce
holders' paradise. The position may be
called- discharging inspector, assistant
storekeeper or guardian of the. Golden
Gate, but whatever it is, or by what name
It may go -by. Colonel Babcock is slated
for it. Babcock la not seeking the office,
but the office seems to be seeking him. A
few; weeks ago Colonel Babcock's cham
pions were in Washington predicting that
the ; country • would go to perdition
with Alameda County In advance, if Colo
nel Babcock-were not immediately ap
pointed pension agent to succeed Colonel
Place for Colonel Babcock.
Other changes in the nature of promo
tion follow the advancement of Unger.
Ellis H. Holmes Is assigned, at his own
request, to the place formerly held by
Unger. Holmes was recently offered the/
place of acting deputy collector, rwith a
salary of $1600 per annum, but he signified
a- preference if or the position of seizure
clerk at the same salary. Thomas J.
Barry, one of the most popular men in
town, has been appointed acting deputy
collector, and D. J. O'Leary, president of
the Young Men's Institute, has been as j
signed to the clerical position formerly
held by Barry.: O'Leary has been serving
as inspector at the Mail dock. The sal
ary .of. the ¦ clerkship in the .office is not
quite as good as that which he has been
receiving- as inspector, but the comforts
of the new place will offset the reduction.
J. .H. Witty, assistant weigher, has been
promoted from a position paying ?1100 per
annum to a place .worth $1200. Thomas J.
Coffey was appointed elevator conductor,
the compensation being $600 per annum.
FRED S. STRATTON, Collector of
the Port, of San Francisco, yes
terday appointed Cress Unger
chief clerk in the Custom-house.
: to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of K. B. Jerome. In making this
appointment the Collector respected civil
service requirements. Unger has been
twenty-six years In the Custom-house,
and much of his time during late years
was passed in the office of the chief clerk,
where he acquired knowledge of the im
portant duties that he is now expected to
perform. He is courteous and obliging
in demeanor. Unger' s promotion from
seizure clerk, a position that commands a
salary of $1000 per annum, to the chief
clerkship, with a salary of $4000 a year,
ia quite, an advance. There is no sure
thing, however, that the compensation
will not be diminished. In recognition ot
Jerome's special qualifications the salary
attaching to the- chief clerkship was
raised from $3600 to $4000 per annum.
IROQXJOIS CXTTB OPPOSES ¦
OPENING OF INGU3STDE
"I found opposition to Gage in San
Diego and Riverside counties." remarked
Senator Belshaw to-day, "and Flint is
gaining friends every day, even In this.
Gage's home county." ;
Senator Perkins and his friends seem to
have known of Belshaw's intention to visit
Southern California, for George Hatton
will be In Los Angeles to-morrow and will
visit every county south of Tehachapl in
the interest of his chief.
Senator Perkins insisted . to President
Roosevelt that as chairman of the Com
mittee on Civil Service In the United
States Senate he would oppose the re
moval of Collector Lynch. That objection
is believed to have saved to Lynch his
position.
Belshaw is for Thomas Flint Jr. for
Governor and dees riot take seriously the
candidacy of Dr. George C. Pardeo- of
Oakland. Belshaw is convinced I>r. Par
¦dee is put forth as a stalking horse, to be
traded in the State convention by mem*
bers of the delegation from his home
county.
. Belshaw is mad and he does not hes
itate to show his feelings. He will not
admit that he intends to oppose Senator
Perkins' re-election at Sacramento next
year, further than to say he would un
doubtedly vote for Perkins in preference
to Burns. Pressed to name a favorite
among the numerous candidates talked of
his svmpathies seemed to lie with Victor
Metcalf. ' • ¦'- :• ; •
The speaker was State Senator M. Bel
shaw of Antioch, who reached Los Ange
les to-day. Belshaw J Teinf©reed his charge
with the statement that last August, j in
San Francisco, Senator Perkins informed
a committee, consisting of Senator Bel
shaw. Senator Caldwell of Riverside and
Senator C. S. Smith of Kern, :that he
would assist in removing John C. Lynch
provided Senator Bard would join in the
project. Belshaw says that when he and
Senator Bard interviewed President
Roosevelt in Washington a few weeks
ago the President surprised them by in
sisting that Senator Perkins had pro
tested to him against Lynch's removal.
"I was surprised, to put it mildly," re
marked Belshaw,' "and spoke to Perkins
as soon as I saw him. In' reply he backed
and filled and while I did not call the
Senator a liar, well—" and the look on
Senator Belshaw's face spoke louder than
the sentence he had cut short.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 31.— "Steohen F.
Kelly was induced to become an applicant
for Collector of Internal Revenue in this
district at the direct instance of Senator
Perkins. Congressman Needham is my
authority for this statement and I have
Needham's permission to make this decla
ration."
With Stephen F. Kelly.
Accuses Senator of Double Dealing
BELSHAW SCORES PERKINS.
from the Northern counties that the
horticulturists and .farmers, whatever
happens, will have none of Gage. He is
not liked In Sacramento by the mass of
the voters^ but it is realized that If the
machine wants him it will have him,
whether trfe people desire him or not.
This is a contingency, however, which '.
Gage does not want, and he Is flirting
with both sides. In the hope of being irr
the good graces of both in the event of
a reconciliation, or of either side that may
win in a contest at the primaries. Clark
is= credited with a desire to become the
'"boss" of city and. county politics, and
t-j become, likewise, the spokesman for
the railroad. It is even said that he has
en eye well into the future for the Gov
ernorship, and that at the next election he
will be willing to take the Railroad Com
missioncrship as a stepping stone.
As a foil to this situation comes word
Governor Playing Both, Ends.
Though out of his position as railroad
division superintendent, Wright still con
trols the County Central Committee.
Clark, on the othtr hand, has the entire
municipal administration at his back,
v/ith considei*able local prestige outside
the office holders. Both factions couhl
put up a handsome fight, '-/i'.--
On the contrary, there will be one of
the bitterest contests for supremacy at
trie next primary election this city has
ever beheld.
However, there are weightier things than
the Coronership hanging in the balance.
The political wirepullers of the Governor
are doing their best to reconcile the Wright
and Clark factions 60 as to insure a
united delegation for Gage from Sacra
rnento County to the Republican State
Convention. So long as it remains un
determined whether Kruttschnitt or Her
rln is to speak for the railroad, the local
situation will not be entirely definite.
Kruttschnitt dislikes Wright and favors
Clark; Herrin, on the other hand, is a
stanch supporter of Wright. If Krutt
sciinitt is to dominate the political policy
of the railroad. Clark will be perfectly
satisned with his position; but if Herrin
is to dominate and chooses Wright to rep
resent him here, as it is believed he cer
tainly would, there will be no joining of
the Clark and Wright force*.
Gage's Managers Diligent-
Clark wants his business partner, A. P.
Booth, for County Coroner, and he de
mands one of the Superior Judgeships for
Albert SI. Johnson. There is not a man
in the county .of higher personal reputa
tion than Booth, but the incumbent,
George C. McMullen, is an old-time Re
publican, an ex-Sheriff and ex-Super
visor and a shrewd politician, and he has
announced that he desires the office of
Coroner again and does not propose to
be shut out of the renomlnation. Right
here there is likely to be a clash, with
Clark representing Booth and Wright
standing sponsor for McMullen.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. SL— Although
many of the political prophets believe
there will be a reconciliation between the
forces of Colonel J. B. Wright and Mayor
George H. Clark, those who are "on the
Inside" of the local situation know that
r.o reconciliation has yet taken place. A
meeting between the two chiefs has been
arranged, with their consent, by mutual
friends for the latter part of next week.
The demands of each faction will then
De made known and it •will be determined
whether they shall unite in harmony or
fight each other for supremacy at the
next general primary.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
' . ... / .... ...
Clark and Wright Factions in Sacramento
May Adjust Their 'Differences. -
POLITICAL CHIEFS AGREE
TO HOLD A PEACE COUNCIL
Cress Unger Gets the Prize-— Berih Is Held for : .-Colonel
Babcock of : Alameda— Senior Senator Tells Followers tc
Keep Their, Hands Off .the Coming Gubernatorial Fighi
COLLECTOR NAMES CHIEF
CLERK IN CUSTOM-HOUSE
MAN APPOINTED CHIEF CLERK
OF THE CUSTOM-HOUSE TO SUC
CEED THE LATE E. B.. JEROME.
0>% / ]r////s/ are goinjj to save money on gloves to-day. Are you
'¦ W*'-/// 1 ///- S oJn S t0 be one of them? We.have bought at less than the importer
l\\/ ¥ Jufi^ paid for them a very large quantity of women's prim? Italian Glace
WY // Gloves, made with two consolidated fasteners and t$8&8gf^**&±
i/ // -^ ine eni.hroKterecl backs; extra fine sewing;' soft, *^^^^J |»/ »
/ //f pliable, thin skin gloves that would be a splendid value at $i.oo a J ¦ / '»-
(/ fff P air » gloves that' are perfect in every particular of fit and finish in m
v «VVhich will be placed on wle to-day (Saturday) only at \. ...'..'• JT
Piling Cards, 12k*. Buttercups, 13c £b.
cards, with «dbr blue backs, e qdar to any 3S c card; "•2T?W i \Tr 7 *? "V^ 8 / 1 BZZ>
; sold only, " . ,! VOC '^C
|S?S&l? SC There™ tenement kinds of these Buttercups, with
-¦¦-¦¦ ¦ -¦ .;.-¦¦- . ..... - .- six kinds of filling— almonds, Brazil nuts, cocoanut.
Perfumery Sale. ¦**»>' "*«"«*>¦
Belzaire Perfume— Carnation, Violet, Rose de Granada and other pop- a&C W&BaS §€$ &* 33Ca
ular odor's, half-ounce bottle, on special sale Saturday only at ,,_— . -» .**» ~ - m _* .«--* • **. •
. . \ .. . . . . .\ . . . . . ; . . . ... . . . lie Great SpecMai for Saturday Only,
Eastman's Comb'nalion Package— Containing one bottle of extract, For to-day only we offer at special sale a new shipment of 75 dozen pat-
one bottle of toilet , water, i one ¦ bottle .. of sachet, all of the up-to-date tern veils, in black and in white and black in a large
odors, including Chic; a package' well worth 40c, special to- assortment of attractive designs; veils that are good
day only .. . - . • • '. • '.','. .'.'. .' ... . . ;j£mC values at 50c and 75c each, for *""."*
Qf 7s3Om I** America^ Gra-ivdcM Store. *l 7 for 25c*
CB»T«I«»«T tt«« tTTHt ntOCTCIt AtUltlCCO. CINCINNATI '¦.. I * " ;
SWEET RESTORERS.
§' JLEEP -cannot be imitated except in
appearance, neither can Ivory Soap.
There are other white soaps that
look like Ivory Soap, this is a penalty which
it pays for its great success. But you are
not deceived, there is only one Ivory, the
others are imitations of its perfections.
«-. • 99*>6 PER CENT. PURE. ; *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOING THROUGH.
A careless laundry will go through year
shirt in' two washings— worn out as com-
pletely as if you had worn it a year. We
save your shirt and save you money. We
will s«nd for your linen if you send tis
your address.
No saw edges. f
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY ASSX
•'. Off Ic« 1004 Mark«t.sir«o:;*'
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54. San Pablo Ave.
C*GlYllLSS&S
VIII ¦> ¦ IIW ¦ 1 1 1- Sc overcoats ind
_j -valises checked f rea
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
I f WH SflN £ f ft "W Battery Stresr.
J- t- W IL3UH g M. , Telephony Main ISfrC
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BQYES & CO "- W*%£ a j£sr- 1 &
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD ft EIXI3L
. 418 Front »t. S. F. Phono Main 1710.
PRINTING.
I E* C- flUGHES- Oil Sansome St.. 3. r.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS- JUDU CO..
23 First itrMt. Saa Fraaciaofe
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
v This question arises in. the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious' and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling! no
baking ! add boiling ' water and set to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
it your grocers to-day. 10 cts.
I. Kelievo Cure g
Asthma, id||p!i^. Coughs, i
Bronchitis, f|i|§|i Sore Throat, 9
ftatarrh. Hoarseness.!
* Nothing excels this simple remedy. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.SATURDAY FEBRUARY i, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. :.V
Addreii All Commnnlcaticm to W. S. LEAKE, Hunger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .'.Telephone Press 204
PrBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Marlcet »i»d Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 2O1.,;;*. •
EDITORIAL ROO3IS 217 to 221 SteTenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l*T Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies. K' Cents.
TrnB« by Mall. Including Postasfet
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday*, one year SG-OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (inclulinz Sunday). 3 months... 1-60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65°
f UNDAT CALL. One Year 1M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year i- 00
PlI postmaster* ore authorized to receive -
subscriptions. '
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
1 subscribers in ordering change of address should be
ular to elve both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
¦jre a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
LAM) OFFICE . . .1X18 Broadway
C. GGORGE KHOGXKSS.
KtEigtr Foreign Advertising, Xirqnette Building. Chicigo.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK COnKESPONDENT:
C C. CARI/TOX .Herald Sanare
In*EW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEV B. SMITH ..30 Tribune Building
XEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
tValdcrf-Aetorla Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
UASHIXGTOX (D. C> OFFICE 14OO G St., W.YWV
MOR.TOX IS. CRAAK, Correspondent.
nn AXC1I OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
untn 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. «O3
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
»:S0 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
cciTK-r Sixteenth, open i ntil 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until •
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 FlUmore. open until 9 p. rn.
J. J. Hill, the great financier and builder of rail
roads, declares with every evidence of decorum that
:ompetition in the sphere in which he is so distin
guished a figure raises rates. This certainly does not
prove him to be either philanthropic or weak-minded
n doing everything in his power to destroy compe
ation.
We have. been haying pretty cold weather this win
ter evert" in • California, but no ¦ part . of the United
States has', found it so severe -as; it is in some parts
of Europe. 'The' Westminster Gazette reports that
in Norway the cold has been more intense than- has
been -known ,in fifty years, and the snowstorms ' have
been so frequent and # so heavy that it is'only by snow
plows' drawn by 'eighteen horses that the streets'; have j
I been kept open in Christiania.
"-¦•'¦'¦ "',, ¦-, ¦ ¦¦¦¦•-¦ :¦•¦¦. . - ' ,, . '¦ j '
Following the example of Schlej', who announces
that he wishes the love of the people but no office,
General Miles has written a letter to a friend in
Boston declaring he is not and has never been a can
didate for Presidential honors.. The Democratic
?earch for a Moses will therefore be continued with
unabated vigor.
Brl M. M. ( Shearer of Santa Rosa is at
the Lick.
F. H. Kennedy, an attorney of Stockton,
is at the California, ¦ , ¦ .'
T. • M. Brown, Sheriff 'of Humboldt
County, is at the Russ.
E. H.Cox.a banker and lumber dealer
of Madera, ia at the Palace. •¦•¦
Fish Commissioner ;W. E. Gerber of Sac
ramento is a guest at the Palace. •
Thomas Clark/ a mining superintendent
of Placerville,' is staying at the Grand. .'
: E. de la Custa, a wealthy, cattleman, of
Santa Barbara, Is a guest at the Grand. »i
T. R. Hmds, a wealthy/resident of ButteV
Mont., registered at the PcJace yesterdaiy;
Senator ; B. J F. • Langf ord of Lodi regis
tered at the Lick yesterday. .:.',•
"¦ : Julius v Ach has returned from, his hon-,
«ymoon : and Is at the Palace with > . his
wifei:;-' ¦.-.¦:,¦¦¦;
State Printer A. J. Johnston is down
from Sacramento and is registered at the
Lick.'.'. ¦;:'-:¦ , ' ;.' .:V
Ex- Assemblyman, J. C. B. . Jllson of
Hornbrook Is among the arrivals- at the
Grand. ¦'¦¦:' :
' J.! E. -Wilson, a prominent mining man
of Salt Lake,' is spending 'affew days at
the Russ.
Mrs. Robert J. Burdette,' president of the
¦
, PERSONAL MENTION.
It is not to be expected that all men will agree
with this, sanguine view of the situation. ; Even,
however, if we concede that it is colored too much by
optimism, the fact remains that it is much nearer
The capable leader to whom Mr. Harris refers is
of course Booker T. Washington. :To him Mr. Har
ris pays the tribute of honor, he has so well deserved,
and he points out that Washington obtained recog
nition and leadership among his race in the face of
an opposition far more powerful than' is generally
known. He says: "The preachers made stump
speeches against Washington from their pulpits and
thousands of pamphlets and articles were printed and
circulated from one end of the South to the other."
Washington, however, has now established his lead
ership, and under his wise guidance the negroes are
progressing rapidly toward a full attainment of pros
perity. ; - -?>"'•'*¦ ';¦ ' - :
Of the negro himself Mr. Harris says: "A vast
improvement has taken place in the conditions and
the prospects of the negro race. It must be remem
bered that they began to enjoy the benefits of free
dom when their prosperity was at zero or some <ie
grees lower. Consequently it must be insisted that
the material improvement which has taken place
amounts almost to a transformation. This statement
could be refuted by individual instances and many
unhappy combinations of circumstances could be
marshaled against it, and yet it is more than substan
tially true. The transformation has been, both men
tal and material. The attitude of the race toward
the only capable leader it ever had is proof of the
one, and the tax books of the Southern States are
proof of the other." :.."'.
According to the writer there was a race problem
in the South immediately after emancipation, but it
has been solved by time. He contends that the two
races are getting along together better in the South
than in the North, "where colored men find it very
difficult to earn their living in the various trades and
occupations that are open to white men." Race pre
judice, he adds, "is an affair that has nothing to do
with color; it seems to be an instinct of the human
mind. It is but one of the equipments of our poor
human nature, and it rests with Christianity to eradi
cate and obliterate it."
JOEL CHANDLER HARRIS, whose "Uncle
Remus" books as well as his many other writ
ings attest his close and sympathetic study of
the negro in the South, has contributed to the Phila
delphia Record a notable article dealing in a serious
way with the condition of the negro and with his re
lations to the white race. The author is something
more than an optimist \vhp believes the "problem
will be solved in t^ie right way in due time." He
claims that it has been already solved and that there
is now no problem involved in the situation. The
negro is doing well at the present time, says Mr.
Harris, and he will do better in each succeeding year
I for an indefinite period.
A DISSOLVING PROBLEM.
It will be seen that but a small proportion of the
economists, applied to answered the circular, and that
while among those who did reply there was a strong
majority in favor of each of the propositions there
was by no means a universal agreement. In some
respects the disagreement is not surprising, for
economy is far from being an exact science; but still
there might 1 have been an . agreement upon ! such
propositions as those relating to public franchises and
ground rent, which, after all, were hardly more than
definitions. Taken as a whole the questions and
answers show that political economists can hardly.be
safe guides in devising economic legislation, ; and it
will be wisefor the people to continue as before in
relying upon common sense and experience instead
of upon theories .and professors. , .
3— "Public franchises" are exclusive free privileges
granted to one or several persons incorporated, and
from which the mass of citizens are excluded. These
franchises usually pertain to land, including, as they do
(to use the language of the New York legislative (Ford)
bill), all "rights, authority or permission to construct,
maintain or operate,' i»:, under, above, upon or through,
any streets, highways, or public places, any mains,
pipes, tanks, conduits, or wires, with " their appur
tenances for conducting water, steam, heat, light,
power, gas, oil or other substance,, or electricity for tele
graphic, telephonic or other purposes." Hence their
classification, by tha above act, as "land values" may
be confirmed as correct, and their annual values prop
erly classed as ground rent. Yes,, 103; no, 25.
4— A tax upon ground rent. is a direct tax, and cannot
be shifted. Yes, 108; no, 26.
jj 5— The selling value of land is, under present condi
tions in most of tho American States, reduced by the
capitalized tax that is laid upon it. . Yes, 105; no, 17.
6— Hence the selling value- of land is, to the same ex
tent, an untaxed value, so far as any purchaser, subse
quent to the imposition of the tax, is concerned. Yes,
85; no, 24. "¦ . •
: 7— The normal price of a labor product is fixed by cost
of production of that portion of the supply whose total
necessary cost is greatest. Yes, 100; ! no, 25. /
8— General prosperity lies always in the direction of
high wages and low prices; Yes, 103; no, 30.
RECENTLY the Massachusetts Single Tax
League gave a banquet to a large number of
university professors and political economists.
It was a festive as well as a learned gathering, and
the oratory after the coffee was of a high order. The
most interesting feature of the occasion, however,
however, was the report of the chairman, which
served as the text for all the speeches of the evening.
This report consisted of replies received to a circular
sent out by the league to 668 economists constituting
the American Economic Association asking their
judgment upon certain^ economic propositions on
which the league desires to obtain something like an.
agreement. The questions and the answers were
as follows:
!— "Wages," while apparently, drawn from capital and
dependent upon capital, are primarily the product of
labor; hence it is practically true that labor produces
its own wages. Yes, 109; no, 24.
2— "Ground rent" is what land is worth for use. Yes,
122: no, 3. ; X: ¦£¦':
ECONOMIC PROPOSITIONS.
The Supreme Court of Georgia having decided that
prohibition counties of the State cannot exclude
liquor in original packages the people of Caters
ville, where Sam Jones lives, met in mass-meeting
and resolved . that if any man brought whisky into
their town they would make an "original package of
hime," and while the threat is vague it seems to mean
Wasps are said to be very affectionate,
but few people care to be the recipients
of their fond caresses.
Investigations made by The Call lead to the con
clusion that the tract, so far from being worth the
price of $100 an acre which is now being asked for
the 2500 acres offered, is in reality not worth so much
as $50 an acre for which the original 5000 acres was
offered. A similar conclusion has evidently been
reached by the commission, for at the convention
called in San Jose to promote the scheme Attorney
Ross of Redwood City stated that such portions of
the Big Basin as lie in San Mateo County were as
sessed at from $6 to $7 per acre. The assessments in
Santa Cruz County can hardiy be much more, ex
cept possibly for some parts of the tract where the
timber is exceptionally valuable.
The people of California are as much in favor as
ever of preserving a redwood forest. They are will
ing to pay a fair price for it and to conserve it at
public expense as a park for the recreation of the
people and the delight of coming generations. That
feeling' however, 3s not going to lead them into be
coming the dupes of a land speculation. Public
opinion sustains the commission in its refusal to en
ter into any such bargain as that proposed by the
schemers. The Big Basin is not the only giant red
wood forest in the State. If it be not offered upon
fair terms the State can amend the act and seek else-
Enough has been made known to justify the belief
that an effort is being made to carry through a
scheme b}' which the State will be made to pay for
the lands offered a sum far in excess of their value.
The proposition now submitted to the commission
is not the same that was presented to the Legisla
ture. At the time the measure was being urged upon
the Legislature a pamphlet was prepared by the ad
vocates of the park in which was contained this state
ment: "We propose a $500,000 park because that
will include all of the 14,000 acres in the Big Basin.
This forest is surrounded by a range of hills, and it
is because of the difficulty of access that it has not
been despoiled. We asked for an appropriation of
S250.000 because this amount of money will buy a
solid tract of 5000 acres suitable for a park. This
is the least acreage, according to our estimate, that
will fulfill the requirements -of a State park and in
clude the holdings of the lumbermen who have gob
bled up the finest and most beautiful timber, etc."
In the face of that statement the advocates of the
scheme now ask the commission to pay $250,000 for
a tract of but 2500 acres. In other words, the price
has been doubled, and the commission is asked to
agree to it.
WHEN following the controversy which has
arisen over the delay of the State commis
sion in purchasing the lands offered for the
Big Basin park the public should be careful not to
confuse the issue. It is not a question whether or no
the act of the Legislature shall be carried out or
whether it is advisable that a park of giant redwoods
be preserved from destruction. Upon those ques
tions there is no controversy. The sole point at is
sue is whether the price demanded for the lands is
a fair one. That is an issue which can be settled
rightly only after a thorough investigation of the
lands and of their market value, and the commission
is acting rightly in refusing to complete the purchase
until it is assured that the State will receive the full
value of its money.
THE BIG BASIN SCHEME.
. This series of verses upon the effect of
the far-reaching, operations of the chief
exploiter of our wealth and enterprise is
treasured by many New Yorkers, and Is
kept in the private desks of a number of
the leading men of affairs In and near
Wall street. We see no reason why all
our readers should j not share .the enjoy
ment now experienced by the compara
tive few. The author of the verses is un
known to us, but we will gladly publish
his name if it is sent us:
I cams to a mill by the river side.
A hall-mile long and nearly as wide.
With a forest of stacks and an army of men,
Tolling at furnace and shovel and pen.
"What a most magnificent plant 1 ." I cried;
And a man with a smudge on his face replied:
¦ "It's Morgan's."
I entered a ' train and rode all dav.
On a regal coach and a right of way ' •
Which reached its arms all over the land.
In a system'too large to understand.
"A splendid property, this!" I cried;
And a man with a plate on his hat replied:
"It's Morgan's." :
I sailed on a great ship, trim and true.
From pennant to keel, from cabin to crew;
And the ship was one of a monster fleet,
A flrst-class navy could scarce compete. . ,
"What a beautiful craft she is!" I cried;
And a man with akimbo lees replied:
"It's Morgan's."
I dwelt In a nation filled with pride;
Her people were many, her landa were wide;
Her record in war and science and art. . .
Proved greatness of muscle and mind and heart.
"What a grand old country It Is!" I cried;
And a man with his chest in the air replied:
"It's Mors^n's."
I went to Heaven. The Jasper walls
Towered high and wide, and the golden halls ¦ '
Shone bright beyond. But a strange new mark
Was over the eate, viz: "Private Park."
"Why. what Is the meaning of this?" I cried;
And a saint with a livery on replied: <
" "It's Morgan's."
I went to the only place left.' "I'll take
A chance on the boat on the brimstone lake,
Or perhaps I may be allowed to sit
On the grlddled floor of the bottomless pit;"
But a leering lout, .with ' thorns on his face.
Cried out, ; as he forked me oft the place : " ¦
: ' "It's Morcan's." ' ; ¦ •
—New York Mall and Express.
"It's Morgan's."
State Federation of Women's Clubs, is at
the Occidental.
Alex Brown, a member of the State
Board of Equalization, is among the arri
vals at the Lick.
Judge E. M. Ross of the United States
Circuit Court of Los Angeles is among the
arrivals at the Palace.
G. M. Martin Vf Watsonville is up here
on a short business trip and has made his
headquarters at the Lick. \ '. ?;.' <
P. George Gow, who represents English
capitalists at mining properties In Shasta
County, is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. Humphries of Honolulu, who owns
borax and copper claims at Daggett, is
among the arrivals at the California.
Madame Nordica arrived on her private
car last evening from Southern California.
She will take apartments at the Palace
Hotel to-day. - ;,; .
HIS Majesty the German Emperor has decided that the schooner yacht
building at Shooters Island, New York, shall be named the Meteor, and
Captain Hubert von Rebeur Paschwitz, the German Naval Attache at
Washington, has so advised Messrs. Cary, Smith and Barbey, the designers
.of the vessel. , " >¦;-•' *
j The Meteor seems to be a favorite name with the Emperor. His first yacht
to be so called was the old cutter .Thistle, which essayed to win the America's
Cup ' in 1887 and was rather ignomlnlously beaten by the Volunteer. When the
Thistle, came into his Majesty's possession she was altered in many ways and
fashioned into as modern a craft of the time as was possible, j
' After using her a few years, or In; 1896, there was turned out for the Emperor
by G. L. Watson, designer, and Messrs. D. & W; Henderson, builders, at Glas
gow, a new Meteor, this time a cutter of 88.95 feet water line, 100 feet between per
pendiculars and 24.3 feet beam. Her construction and racing career* as a cutter for
three years is still referred to by the yachtsmen of Great . Britain , with evident
pleasure, as her advent did much to increase the Interest in the sport there. Amer
ican yachtsmen, too, will readily recall the cutter's many contests and do not for
get the boom that the participation of the Emperor's yacht gave to yachting: not
only there but the world over.
During this time the Emperdr parted with his first Meteor,, the old Thistle,
and she is now owned at Kiel and is known as the Comet.
Following the bent of the yachting mind abroad at the time, the Emperor, in
1899, caused the Meteor's cutter rig to be changed to that of a yawl, and she is
still rigged in that way. The change caused her water line length to be in
creased to 89.50 feet, although her lineal rating, by judicious distribution of the
sail area, .was slightly reduced. Her record as a. yawl in racins matters sustained
her previous excellent t-eputation. Last year she started five times only and won
two first prizes, of the value of £122.
.Under the direction of *Theodore /35. Ferris, superintendent of construction at
Shooters Island, the plating of the Meteor is being hurried with all the speed that
is compatible with the best of workmanship. If nothing happens the yacht will
be ready to be placed in the water on February 20.
A. CART SMITH, THE DESIGNER OF THE GERMAN RULER'S AMER
ICAN BUILT RACING CRAFT, THE LAUNCHING OF WHICH IS SOON
The situation gives encouragement to the hope
of those who desire to bring the contending parties
into negotiations. Of course the offers of mediation
will have to be made in such a way as not to offend
the national pride of, either party. The Boer leaders
can hardly be expected -to.- admit that their cause is
hopeless, as they would have to do if they appeared
as suppliants for mediation, nor' can the British be
expected to make even an implied confession of
weakness on their part. The consequence is that
such mediation as is offered will hardly be made offi
cially. Neither the Government of Holland nor our
own Government, which has been approached on
the subject, will avowedly take part in the matter. All
tha^t can be expected is that«.the contending ' parties
will be induced to treat with one another upon a
basis essentially different from the extreme demands
of either. A year ago such a negotiation could not be
brought about, but now it is quite possible that King
Edward's desire for peace may accomplish it.
The peace party in Great Britain that favors a
frank concession of full independence to the Trans
vaal as a sovereign state, is too weak to effect much.
In Great Britain, therefore, the country may be said
to be divided between the party that advocates peace
obtained by concession of self-government and the
party that advocates the complete subjection of- the
Boers now in the field, to be followed after the .es
tablishment of peace by such forms of colonial gov
ernment as may be deemed best. It will be seen that
each party, means to grant a measure of self-govern
ment to the Boers, and the only ; question is whether
it shall be offered while the Boers are still in arms.
It is known that King Edward is eagerly desirous
of attaining peace before his coronation. That de
sire has been made knowr^ to his_Ministers and to the
public, and consequently the Ministry is now ready
to abate much of the severity of the terms they at
first announced. . How much of independence they
would be willing to grant the Boers has of course
never been declared. L'ord Rosebery, however, has
counseled a grant to the. Transvaal of self-govern
ment under the crown similar to that now enjoyed by
Canada. The grant is to be accompanied by a guar
antee of a vote of money to repay the; loss caused to
the,Boer farmers by the destruction of' their homes,
and a further guarantee that military government of
the country for the purpose of maintaining order un
til the establishment of a settled government 7 shall
not be indefinitely prolonged. -C''
WHILE both the British Ministry and the
Boer leaders in Europe have disclaimed any
connection with the efforts of the .Govern
ment of Holland to bring about negotiations for
peace, it is quite likely they will be not unwilling to
listen to such proposals. The war threatens to be
come a chronic strife between two races rather than
a contest between two nations. The Boers can hardly
hope to attain independence without the aid of some
foreign power, and it is now fairly certain that such
aid will not be given. ¦¦¦* On the other hand/it has been
proven that the British cannot speedily put an end
to a struggle which, is costing so dearly in treasure
and blood. Each side, therefore, must be weary of
the strife and ready to listen to terms of compro
mise. .'* ;'•<» v' /,.':
BRITISH AND BOERS.
It may be that Mayor Schmitz in his present zeal
is but demonstrating once more the efficacy of the
proverbial new broom and that he will change later
on. That, however, is an issue which need not con
cern us now. Judged by his course thus far in this
respect he has done well. Let him have the credit
that is due him.
. Should the courts decide against him the action of
the Mayor will still be a potent influence for good.
He has revealed the existence of a gross evil in mu
nicipal affairs and pointed out the proper remedy
that of removing from office any one found to be in
competent or unworthy. Having had the good re
sults of that policy demonstrated, the people will de
mand a continuance of it. Should the courts hold
that the Mayor is not clothed with power to make
removals, the people will then seek for an authority
that has. - Somewhere under our form of government
there must* be an officer or a tribunal vested with
power to remove^ unworthy men from office, and it
will be the duty of the courts to make it known.
Should the courts uphold the Mayor in his eff or,ts we
may expect a radical change for the better in the mu
nicipal service. There will be less racetrack gambling
and more attention to public business than we have
had for a long time past in the civic administration.
It will' doubtless be found that when the officials give
their time and their energy to their work the city
can get along with fewer employes than are now
drawing salaries and eating taxes. Thus there will
come not only a greater efficiency in the service but
an economy that will be highly acceptable to the
taxpayers. Two good ends will be attained by one
and the same means, and the Mayor will have gained
for his administration the esteem of all that portion
of the public whose esteem is worth having.
Such being the case the Mayor has acted well in be
ginning such work of reform as he purposes to un
dertake by clearing the offices of men who neglect
their duty or in any way violate the law. His firm
ness in making removals despite the antagonism of
the bosses gives encouragement to the hopes of
thosewho have expected most of his administration.
It wins for him the approval of all good citizens,,
whether they were for him or against him during the
progress of the campaign, and goes far to awaken
a popular confidence that in the administration of . his
office he will live up to his campaign pledges and
truly and faithfully serve the general welfare.
Good government is dependent upon good men.
No system of administration can be devised that willj
compel incompetent or unworthy men to give a
rightful service to the public. So long as political
bosses are" permitted to fill public offices with their
followers without regard for fitness for the place, just
so long will administration be defective and tha,pub
lic suffer. With worthy officials almost any system of
government willwork well, but when the unworthy,
are in office the best possible form of government
proves inadequate to provide for the public good and
the interests of the people.
MAYOR SCHMITZ has made a good start in
thctask of providing the city with better
government. His efforts thus far made to
rid the public offices of unworthy officials merit pub
lic approval." Whether his course be sustained by the
courts or not he will have the credit of undertaking
to improve municipal administration by eliminating
from it some at least of the evils resulting from boss
politics. That credit will be his and public support
will go with it so long as he Tcmains true to the pol
icy he has announced and has thus far put into prac
tice.
EMPEROR'S NEW YACHT
TO BE NAMED METEOR
- -
- .
Every season has its feature, but on re
viewing the records for many years back
it is difficult to think of any work of fic
tion at any rate which has had what could
be called a long life. In talking with a
prominent publisher on this subject he
gave it as his opinion that, roughly speak
ing a book gets only half the life It used
to have. Thus in the old days a novel, it
it was read by the public at all, would go
on being read for a year at least. Now
adays a six months career is almost note
worthy, and one of three months Is not to
be despised. Not merely does this apply
to fiction, but. to science and all the
learned subjects as well, though, of
course, not In so marked a degree. A
work has hardly established itself to-day
when another— rather more up-to-date—
comes out and eclipses it. In years back
a recognized book on botany, for in
stance, or some other subject, was certain
of long prosperity.
"What's In a title?" asked a well-known
novelist of a. publisher. "Simplicity should
be in it," was the reply. Well, simplicity
undoubtedly will be found in the title of
John Morley's biography of Gladstone,
which will be called "The Life of William
Ewart Gladstone." Simple and expressive,
too, is the title which has been chosen for
the- official diary of the Prince and Prin
cess of Wales' colonial tour, which will be
contained In these three words only,
"Web of Empire."
Arthur Morrison, who will publish In
the.' autumn another East End novel,
called "The Hole In the Wall," is a writer
of many moods. It was he who invented
Martin Hewitt, a detective in fiction, who,
it will be remembered, rivaled in his
day Vidocq and Sherlock Holmes.- Morri
son was one of the distinguished band ot
young writers who are known as "Hen
ley's young men," who included, J. M.
Barrle. Rudyard Kipling, G. S. Street,
Charles Whibley, G. W. Steevens, Georgo
Wyndham and the present Viceroy of In
dia, Lord Curzon of Kedlestone. Morrison,
who is not yet 40 year3 old. is the antithe
sis of the regular methodical worker. Ho
sometimes finds it impossible to write a
line for months, together. Then follows a
burst of activity, during which he will
sometimes write for seventeen hours out
of the twenty-four.
One of the most interesting sales of the
season— at any rate to the literary world—,
will be that which" will take place in
March at Sotheby, "Wilkinson & Hodges'
rooms. It will consist of modern books
and works of reference belonging to thb
late Sir Walter Besant. Each volume con
tains* one of the late novelist's tasteful
bookplates. At the same sale will also be
disposed the MSS. of most of Sir Walter's
works.
Captain Maurice Grant, whose military
sketches have attracted so much atten
tion, has now arrived in England from
South Africa. He is to write some fur
ther war sketches, which undoubtedly will
be eagerly anticipated. But necessarily
the task of assisting to compile the of
ficial history ot the campaign in South At.
rica, for which his valuable services have
been retained, will fill most of his time. It
is calculated that the history will keep
Colonel Henderson and those working
with him occupied for at least three
years. ¦ •
A very touching thing about a novel
which Messrs. Hutchinson are to publish
is that the author recently lost his sight.
The novel is one about Boer and native
life in South Africa, by a man who knows
that country exceedingly well. He is
George Hansby Russell, the author of a
novel in a like vein, "Under the Sjambok,'*
which appeared some time ago.' His
new work, also written from personal ob-;
servation, has the 'title "On Commando in
1879." Russell served in the Znlu war and
has seen something of most of the fighting
that has taken' place In South Africa from
that time onward to the present war.
Calif oroians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. a.— The following
Calif ornlans have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— W. J. Barnett, at the-
Navarre; S. P. Burrell, at the Victoria;
N. C. Driffleld, at the Astor; "W. A. JUs
tenpart,-at the Imperial ; "W. "W. Treat,
at the Ashland: A. "W. Brown, F. G.
Miner, at the Gilsey; A. J. Dewing and
wife, at the Bartholdl; N. J. Eintuckel.
S. L. Parnstein, G. J. Scharlach, at the
Herald Square.
Oakland— G. M. Nesmith, at the Astor.
the truth than are many of the; utterances of those
who are forever discussing the "negro problem" and
who are full of predictions of woe because within
one generation'the recently emancipated race has not
developed an equality with the whites. Uncle Re
mus is neither a statesman nor a philosopher, but he
understands the negro better than most of those who
are. ¦ ' .
THE MAYOR'S GOOD WORK.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
THE SAK FBAJTCISCO CAIili, ;SAT CRDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1902.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
TivoU — "The Ameer."
Central — "A Man of Mystery."
Alcazar — "Coralie i. Co." -
Columbia— "The Princess Chic."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Orand Opera-house — "Zorah."
California — "Ole Olson." ' '
Chutes, Zco and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Sherman -Clay Hall — Anselus Piano Player Recital, Satur-
day afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. .? "
I . By W. H. Hord — Tuesday, February 4. at 10 o'clock. Thor-
oughbred and Trotting Stock, at 1732 Market street.
AUCTION SALES.
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy.Townsend'g.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound,. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A-nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The bathing suit that - shrinks every
time It Is worn can hardly be called im-
modest. ; -".; ¦;¦¦
Ipii MFYT p"T
Read the Story of the Beau-
tiful San Francisco Girl Who
Is Making a Fight to Retain
Her Beauty as Well as Life,
,Story of a Western Man Who
Was in the John Brown Raid.
A San Francisco Woman to
Explore Aztec *Ruins.
•••••••••o .-¦•. .. •¦ :== eeoeodes&o
THE SUNDAY CALL Q I I KJ.T^ A \/ DO NOr FAIL TO
LEADS THEM ALL J^J WU Jf\ | GET THIS NUMBER
• Read the Story of the Quarrels ]
of Washington Society^fomen
as to Who Are the Leaders. ;
¦ . : — , — _ ¦ ¦
Eight Pages of Color That
Are Pleasing .to the Eye. '
Read ; the Wolfville Stories
by Alfred Henry Lewis.
i^mitElaborate Preparations Are Being Made for a Most Delightful Af
fair at Cotillon Hall — The Last Friday Fortnightly; Is
Attended — Society Enjoys Functions in Clubs and Homes
CHRYSANTHEMUMS WILL DANCE
FOR SWEET CHARITY TO-NIGHT
Sell'TesJa 1 Briquettes, $9 -per ton. Best jand
cheapest"-, fuel for ; kitchen • and grate. . Phone
gouth, 95 'about. them. - y . .' .,-._.'«»;
Only 1 Reliable Coal Dealers
."-.The next of the series of the Mechanics'
Institute now being: held -will be
delivered' to-night : in the ) Mechanics' In
stitute Library, building. The. subject of
the lecture will be "Art in Landscape Gar
dening,", and will be illustrated by stere
opticon' views. '. The lecture will be '¦ de
livered . by Oscar A. Prager-Wlndshagen,
.the landscape artist, s .
Art in Landscape. Gardening.
• The cotnlc opera "Pirates of Penzance'f
Will be given on the occasion of a fete of
the alumnae of ; the Sacred Heart Presen
tation Convent, at Native • Sons' Hall.
"Wednesday evening, February 5. -Besides
the operatic offering there will be several
important', items on the programme, , In
cluding an afterpiece entitled . "After the
Opera Is, Over.",; >: >•
Alumnae of the Sacred Heart.
John L. Radovich, proprietor of a whole
sale liquor store at 328 Pine street, has ap
plied to the ; Superior Court for > an in
junction restraining,, his", brother, M.V. =
Radovich, from using the name Radovich
Bros, in connection .with the store at 29
Geary street. They conducted the Geary
. street store under the name of Radovich
Bros, for anumber of years prior to- July
1900," when they, dissolved partnership, M
V. Radovich retaining the | old stand
John Radovich embarked in business • on
Pino street and he : claims that his busi
ness is suffering 1 because his brother. uses
the old firm. name on his wagons, labels
and packages. -, •. -.¦¦
Radovich Seeks an Injunction.
It' la my personal opinion that when a. per
son, found guilty of crime Is punished by im
prisonment I he should be made to suffer that
punishment ; without a subtraction. It Is for
that reason that I do not and -have not in the
past given unduly severe sentences except In
particular Instances, but any terms imposed I
believe should ' be fully served and completed,
before the artsop— *• raiaooed.
Judge Dunne sent a letter yesterday to
Brainard F. Smith, clerk of the Board of
State Prison Directors, declining 1 to give
approval to the petition of Julius Simon
son, ; a prisoner at Folsom, for a parole.
Simonson was sentenced to Folsom by
Judge Dunne In -1899 to serve twelve years
imprisonment for burglary. In refusing
to approve the application Judge Dunne
said: ..;•¦•.'
Folsom Penitentiary.
Julius Simonson, a Prisoner at
Refuses to Approve the Petition, oi
JUDGE . DUNNE OPPOSES
PAROLE OF CONVICTS
The Sacred Heart choir will be as
sisted by Miss Maude Fay, Miss Etta AL
Welsh, Miss Fanny E: Ryan, Miss Annie
Sullivan, the. Rev. Robert Sesnon, David
Manlloyd, S. J. Sandy, Matthew McCur
rie, and i Mrs. . C. Sullivan, violin, and
S. G. Bogart, organ. •
. A grand . concert .for the benefit of the
organ fund will be given, at Sacred Heart
Church to-morrow night. The programme
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Excellent Programme to Be Rendered
To-WCorrow Night at Sacred
Heart Church!
CONCERT FOR \ BENEFIT
OF CHURCH , K ORGAN FUND
Miss Habermehl claims that Morgan
and I she became engaged last . July. At
that time, she did not know he was a mar
ried man.' Subsequently she heard he was
married and charged him with deception.
He, admitted then, she says/that he had
a little daughter, but said he was a wid
ower and brought her a locket with his
daughter's picture and - induced her to
wear it. Later ¦ his affection cooled, she
claims,? and he told: her, that, he-, was a
married man. ¦ ; ; :",
.The pretty • cashier has numerous let
ters and. telegrams signed ."Jack," which
she says are from Morgan. ,... •
Morgan was arrested • late ... yesterday
afternoon on a criminal charge preferred
by x Miss Habermehl and was at once re
leased on . $300 cash ball.
| Isaac J.\ Morgan, familiarly called
"Jack," , a man well known about town
and reputed to be wealthy, has been, made
defendant in a breach of promise jj suit
filed yesterday by Miss Tillie Habermehl,
cashier in a Stockton-street restaurant.
Miss Habermehl la < 18 years old and
comely. Morgan Is past 40 and has a
wife and a daughter nine years old. The
suit filed is for $50,000 and costs. • r
About Town, Made Defendant
in Suit for '$50,000.
''Jack" Morgan; Well-Known Man
rRETTY CASHIER AVERS
. BREACH OP " PROMISE
The defendant's attorney argued that In
view of the admissions made by Cashier
Bundy, the charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses could not be sustained.
The checks were given here by the de
fendant, believing that they would be
honored by. the Bank of Santa. Monica.
It did not matter whether or not the de
fendant had* a draft for $2000 in the Ne>
vada Bank, he could not be prosecuted
here, but he could be, possibly, in Santa
Monica. He moved for a dismissal, but
the Judge reserved his decision till Tues
day.
In regard to the Homan check. Homan
admitted that he had paid the defendant
$70 altogether— $40 at one time, $20 at an
other and again $10. The defendant's at
torney also made the point in that caa*
that the charge could only be a misde
meanor, as the highest sum paid at one
.time was $40.
The checks were declared worthless, as
Hespeler had no funds in the Bank of
Santa, Monica. C. I* Bundy, cashier of
that bank, was called as a witness. He
testified in effect that he met Hespeler
in Santa Monica and Hespeler had told
him that be had deposited a draft for
$5000 for . collection in the Nevada Bank
of this city. On that representation Bun
dy gave him a check book of the Bank
of Santa Monica and a printed form of
the bank, which was filled in, showing;
that Hespeler had that amount with the
Nevada Bank on deposit. Bundy declined
to say whether or not ho had authorized
Hespeler to draw on the Bank of Santa
Monica.
The preliminary examination of A. E.
Hespeler, alias Hess, on two charges of
obtaining money 15y false pretenses was
held before Judge Conlan yesterday. The
complaining witnesses were A. Van Loon
of the Hotel Franklin, on whom he passed
a check for $150. and Louis C. Homan.
grocer, 1615 Mission street, on whom he
passed a check for $100, both on the Bank;
of Santa Monica. * ' •.
- The ; Judge . ordered Saunders into cus
tody till he could decide what charge to
bring - against him - and ' made an order
committing the girl to the Girls' Training
Home. ; • ::V ' . ;
Saunders and the girl's mother were in
court yesterday. He claimed that he and
the girl's mother entered into a contract
marriage while living in Sacramento in
1897. He produced it in court. It was
written on a piece of dirty paper and was
signed by both parties. Saunders boasted
ol his craving for morphine and thought
It was nobody's business. He said he had
not sent the girl to school because the
schools were overcrowded. He was op
posed to the girl being sent to a public
institution, but when she burst Into a fit
of weepingand the. J statement was elicited
from her thafSaunders had, attempted to
assault her he had no : further objection
to offer. .•
The note was handed to Secretary
White and he and ' Officer McMurray
found the girl wandering around the>
streets. She was taken to the City
Prison Thursday and booked for a pub
lic institution.
Good-by, you may never see me again. When
you get this I shall be in eternity. Tell
mamma why I did It was because I was called
a thief and I would rather die than bear the
disgrace. •-.
Secretary White of the California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children had been notified of the case
and through his efforts Rev. John A. B.
Wilson had procured a situation for her
in a respectable family. The girl felt for
position irksome and "concluded it would
bo better to end her life than be at the
mercy . of her stepfather, ! of whom she
was mortally afraid. A few days ago she
left her temporary home after writing a
note ,on a piece of brown paper which
readr
Sadie Heffner, a girl 1G years of age.
v/as before Judge Fritz yesterday . and
she told a pitiful tale. She had been liv
ing with her mother and stepfather,
George A. Saunders, at 439 Jessie street,
and Saunders had treated her cruelly.
Instead of sending her to school he com
pelled her to work first In a canning fac
tory and later in a shirt factory. Both
her mother- and stepfather are slaves to
the morphine habit and spent her earn
ings In buying the drug. Saunders had
also attempted to assault her and had
threatened to kill her If she told any one
of what he had done. •
¦.•>-•-. ¦¦¦;¦¦¦¦
Makes Him Believe He
Has Funds in the
Nevada Bank.
Parents Force Her to
Work to Get Mor
phine for Them.
HESPELER DUPES
CASHIER BUNDY
SADIE HEFFNER
WANTS TO DIE
The patronesses will assist the Chrys-
THE Chrysanthemums' charity ball
this evening bids fair to exceed
the fondest expectations of the
earnest workers in this worthy
cause and the free bed in the in
curable ward of the Children's Hospital
will be provided for a goodly number of
weeks to come. Tickets, are going rap
idly at $1 each and may still be procured
at Arthur B. Pearson's stationery store,
318 Post street. It looks now as though
the number of guests will approximate
200 and this Is a very comfortable num
ber for dancing at Coltllion Hall. There
will be no german, but simply an assem
bly, and everybody Is looking forward to
a splendid time. Dancing will be from 3
until 12 o'clock. Some of our most pop
ular young men have been invited to act
as floor managers and add to the pleas
ure of the evening. They are:
Messrs Percy King. Wilburforce Williams,
Harry Bates. Arthur Cheeseborough, Tom
vTnNese. Harry Dutton, Paul Jones. Ralph
Merrill and Orvllle Pratt.
The Chrysanthemums who will receive
are:
Miss Edith Bull, Miss Xcrma Castle Miss
Mabel Toy. Miss MoJlie Dutton, Miss Paula
Wolff Miss Rachel Hovey, Mrs. Charles Har
l«y Mrs. Cassner. Miss Phoebe Painter MiS3
Lizzie Painter. Miss Zelda Tiffany Miss Gladys
Merrill. Miss Laura Taylor. Miss Florence Cal
laghan. Mies Mabel Hogg. Miss Eleanor Eckart,
Miss G«nrude Dutton, Miss Laura Farnsworth,
Miss Marie Bull. Miss Mabel Cluff, Miss Lil
lian Eaoborn. Miss Azalla. Keyes, Miss Belle
Harms. Miss Charlotte Evans, Miss Bessie
Hannlgan, Miss Edna Hannigan and Miss Pearl
Landers.
Mrs. T. B. Meyer, nee Stark, of Botso
is visiting San Francisco and will be at
home to-day at 1619 Laguna street
Mr. and Mrs. James Jsrome, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Mann, Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Morton. Mr.
and Mrs. C. O. Scott, Mr. and Mrs. A. D'An
cona, Dr. and Mrs. A. O. Haslehurat. Mr. and
Mrs. C. H. Wilson, Mr. -and Mrs. John
P. Young, Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Os
good, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Bailey, Mr. and
Mrs. George Bates, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. God
frey, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Austin, ¦ Mr. and
Mrs. L. R. Larzalere, Mr. and Mrs. A. Wil
son, Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Goldsmith, Mr. and
Mrs. E. B. Jennings, Dr. and Mrs. J. \V. Ed
wards, Mr. and Mrs. O. D. Baldwin, Mr. and
Mrs. G. W. Qmlth, Judge and Mrs. Garoutte,
Mr. and Mrs. William . Cluff, Mr. and Mrs. S.
B. Tobey, Mr. and Mrs. Clement Bennett, Mr.
and Mrs. P. Kingston, Mr. and Mrs. Asa -R.
Wells, Mr. and Mrs. James Stewart, Mr. and
Mrs. N George Richardson, Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Campbell, Mrs. A. D. . Sharon, Mrs. F. • l!
Whitney, Mrs. H. Coen.'.Mlss Blanche Twitch
ell of Sacramento, Miss Handy, Miss Marian
Forrest, . the Misses ¦ Garoutte, Miss Florence
Dcnigan, • Miss -Ciuff , Edward Denlgan, Harold
Smith, Harry Hawks and J. H. Jennings.
Mrs. Rebecca Jennings was hostess at
a card party on Thursday evening at the
Sorosis Club. The affair was given for
Miss Blanch Twitchell of Sacramento,
fiancee ' of J. H. Jennings. The guests
were:
Miss Pearl Landers, Miss Helen Dean, Miss
Elsie Sperry, Miss Jessie Wright. Miss Georg
ina Jones, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Charlotte
Wilson, Miss Nadine Nuttall, Miss Sophia
Pierce, Miss Frances Allen, Miss Marian Cof
fln. Miss Mary Nichols, Miss Lucille King and
Miss Hilda Van Sicklen. • v \ ,
¦ Mrs. Russell J. Wilson entertained a
number of charming young ladies at
luncheon on Thursday at her home, 2027
California street. Miss Virginia Nokes
was guest of j honor. The other guests
were:
It is expected that the Pioneer assembly
this afternoon from 3 to 6 at Pioneer Hall
will be a delightful affair, being under the
auspices of the Women's Auxiliary of the
Society of California Pioneers. Music will
be supplied by the Pensacola band and
Mrs. J. E. Bermingham and others will
offer an excellent programme.
Miss Kathryn Robinson, Miss Linda Cad
wallader. Miss Spreckels, Mrs. Wyatt Allen,
Mrs. Keyes, Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss Georgina
Jones, Miss Azalea Keyes, Miss Olive Hol
brook. Miss Alma McClung, Miss Sophia Pierce;
Miss Margaret . Salisbury, Miss Sperry, Miss
Harrison.- Miss Bernie Drown, Miss Bessie
Center, Miss Jennie Blair, Miss Mary Nichols,
Miss Elizabeth Huntlngton, Miss Sara Collier
and Miss Voorhles.
gatherings. Mrs. Augustus Taylor led the
german, together with Miss Frances Hop
kins and Mrs. William Taylor and Miss
Georgina Hopkins. Those in the first set
were :
anthemums in receiving, j They are:
Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs. James Hogg. Mrs.
S. S. Castle, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury. Mrs. W.
J. Dutton, Mrs. J. D. Munoy, Mrs. Thomas G.
Taylor and Mrs. Alpheus Bull Jr.
Mrs. William H. Stinson was hostess at
a charming tea yesterday afternoon from
4 to 6 at her residence, 2518 Octavla street.
The drawing-rooms were decorated in an
artistic manner and dainty refreshments
were served. The music was especially
pleasing. / ' .
Those who assisted Mrs. Stinson in re
ceiving were:
Mrs. George Bates, Mrs. Charles Bandman,
Mrs. Linda H. Bryan, Mrs. C. V. Meyerrftein,
Mrs. William Hammer, Miss Ida Voorman,
Miss May Reis, Miss Lillie Rets, Miss Julia
Mau and Miss Daisy Burns. ,....,..
Mrs. E. T. Allen, gave a delightful tea
at her home, 2204 Jackson street, yester
day. About one hundred and fifty of Mrs.
Allen's friends called and the afternoon
was especially enjoyable. Those who as
sisted Mrs. Allen in receiving were:
Mrs. Sherman Johnson of Washington, D.
C., Mrs. Julius Smith, Mrs. Clarence Mann and
Mrs. George Palmer.
Miss Edith Mathews received from 4 to
6 yesterday at her home, 1742 Larkin
street. The decorations were pretty and
artistic. Many smart gowns were seen
during the afternoon. Those who assisted
Miss Mathews In receiving were:
Miss Helen Dickens, Miss Azalea Keyea,
Miss Emma Brown, Miss Edith Manning. Miss
Daisy Cartwright, Miss Ethel Miles, Miss Grace
Garoutte, Miss Lilian Sandman, Miss Jane
Sandman and Miss May Billings.
¦ • •' . •
Rev. and Mrs. John Hemphill enter
tained a number of guests yesterday at
their home, 2020 Broadway. The object of
the gathering was to consider and lay
plans for the Presbyterian orphanage, Dr.
Hemphill being pastor of Calvary Pres
byterian Church. . \ ¦ .
' Miss Daisy Van Ness was hostess at a
large tea yesterday afternoon compliment
ary to Miss 'Georgina Jones, who i3 at
present visiting Mrs. Winthrop E. Les
ter. The tea was a very pleasant one.
Mrs. Thomas W. Huntlngton was "at
home" yesterday at her residence, 2629
Pacific avenue, and over fifty callers were
received during the afternoon. The draw
ing-rooms were decorated with rare flow
ers and the effects were most artistic. As
this is the last of Mrs. Huntingdon's re
ception days for this season society has
something to regret. '
Mrs. A. M. Simpson and Miss Edith
Simpson received a large . number of
friends yesterday afternoon at their home,
2200 Pacific avenue. Those who assisted
in receiving were:
' • Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop, Miss Margaret
Salisbury, Miss Louise Redington, Miss Hazel
Noonan, Miss Virginia Jolliffe, Miss Elsie
Sperry and Miss Kathryn Robinson.
"Mrs. C. N. Ellinwood and Miss Char
lotte Ellinwood gave another very pleas
ant reception, and the last, yesterday
afternoon. They were assisted in receiv
ing: by Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss Blakeman,
Miss Mamie Polhemus, Miss Lucie King-,
Miss Bessie Ames and Miss Ardella Mills.
Mrs. George W. Kline and Miss . Helen
TWO YOUNG SOCIETY WOMEN WHO. AS MEMBERS OP THE "CHRYSANTHEMUMS," ARE TAKING AN AC
ttvbpart in preparations for the charity ball to be given to-night, for the sup
port OF A FREE BED IN THE CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.
2 p. nu — Announcement of election of of
ficers: election of State delegates to general
biennial; vocal- solos, (a) "Mlgnon'u Lied"
(Liszt), (b) "Es Liegt Ein Traum" (Von Fie
lltz), (c) "The Water Lily" (Aldrich), Mrs. J.
E. Birmingham, Miss Fannie Danforth, ac
companist; miscellaneous business; report of
committee on resolutions; adjournment. .- ' f
Friday, -February 7, ,9:30' a. m. — Min
utes of secretary; report of bureau of recip
rocity, Mra Edwin C. Southworth, Sanger; re
port of committee on education; "Civil Service
Reform," Mrs. Lou V. Chapln, Los Angeles;
under the auspices of Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt —
violin solo, "Polonaise" (Vieuxtemps), H. Sam.
uels, - Miss T. Ehrraan, accompanist ; question
box, answered by the president; report of com
mittee on forestry, Mrs. J., G. Lemmon, Oak
land; "Forestry," Mrs. G. T. Greenleaf, Red
lands:-discussion. ... i
Final Sessions.
Thursday, February 6, 9:30 o'clock a.
m. The polls for election of officers will be
open from 10 a. m. to 12:30 p. m., on Thurs
day, February 6. Ballot box will be found
near the door. Minutes of secretary. Busi
ness hour. Presentation of constitutional
amendments. Discussion of reorganization
Mrs. W. W. Stilson, Los Angeles; Mrs. Urqu
hart Lee, Berkeley. Vocal solos — (a) "An
Irish Mother's Lullaby" (Marguerite R. Lang),
(b) "Haymaking" (Alitia Adelaide Needham),
Mrs. M. E. Blanchard; Fred Maurer, accom
panist. .Discussion of the admission of colored
clubs to general federation — Mrs. E. O. Smith,
San Jose; Mrs. George W. Haight, Berkeley.
2j o'clock p. m. : Report of vice president of
San Joaquin district, Mrs. R. H. Stevens,
Bakersfleld ; report of ' club presidents of San
Joaquin district; report of vice president of
northern district, Mrs. William Beckman, Sac
ramento; report of club presidents of north
ern district; report of vice president of Los
Angeles ! district,'. Miss Ellen Thompson, Los
Angeles: report of club presidents of Los An
geles district. Vocal solos, under the auspices
of Mrs. J. E. Birmingham — (a) prologue "Pag
liaccl" (Leoncavallo), (b) "A Garden Sere
nade" • (Levi), Harry H. Barnhart; Miss Fan
nia Dacforth, . accompanist. -"The ¦ Leaven of
Books," Mrs. Curran ClarkT ¦ Redwood City;
(a) "Is Prose Fiction to Be the Keynote of the
Twentieth Century?" Miss Elizabeth Packard.
Oakland; (b) "American Women Writers of the
Present Day," Miss Mabel Thayer Gray, Oak
land; (c) "Libraries and Culture," Miss Jes
sica B. # Peixotto, San Francisco; discussion.
Polls Will Open.
2 o'clock p. m. — Report of vice president of
San Francisco district, Mrs. Louis Weinmann,
Alameda; reports of club presidents of -San
Francisco district; report of vice president of
San Diego district, Mrs. Kstelle Langworthy,
San Diego; reports of club presidents of San
Diego district; report of vice president of Ala
meda district, Mrs. John Russ, Oakland; re
ports of club presidents of Alameda district,
under the direction of Mrs. Marriner-Camp
bell; excerpts from the "Daisy Chain" (Liza
Lehman), reader, Mrs. Edith Norman Klock;
Miss Florence Julia Doane. soprano; Miss
Grace Carroll, contralto; Herbert Williams,
/tenor; Willard, Young, barytone;- Mrs. W. J..
Batchelder, accompanist; report of committee
on club extension, j Mrs. F. E. Prior, Los Ange
les; "Extension of Clubs Among Working Wo
men," Dr. Dorothea Moore, San Francisco;
"Influence of the Press on Education," Mrs.
Florence Collins Porter, Los Angeles.
8 o'clock p. m — Vocal solos, selected," Mrs.
Camille d'Arville-Crellin, Paul Steindorff, ac
companist; "Property Rights of Women," Mrs.
Martha Strickland Clark; discussion — Mrs. M.'
E. Ivins, Santa Monica; Miss Mabel Clare
Craft, Oakland; Miss Jessie E. Watson, Oak
land; Mrs. Dixon L. Phillips, Hanford.
Eeports to Be Bead.
Wednesday,' February 5. 9:30 a. m.—
Minutes of' secretary; report of credential
committee, Mrs. M. D. Robertson, Los Ange
les; report of the biennial local hoard, Mrs.
Lovell White, San Francisco; report of com
mittee on rules and regulations; report of pro
gramme committee, Mrs. Kate - A. Bulkley,
Oakland; piano solos (a.), "Etude," A mlrtor
(Chopin), and (b) "Valse," op. 42 (Chopin),
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt; report of recording sec
retary, Mrs. I. Lowenberff, San Francisco; re
port of corresponding secretary, Mrs. W. W.
S til son, Los Angeles; report of assistant cor
responding secretary, Mrs. J. W. Orr, . San
Francisco; report of treasurer, Mrs. Solomon
Jewett, Bakersfleld; report of auditing com
mittee, Mrs. G. J. Buchnall, San Francisco;
report of State corresponding secretary of Gen
eral Federation. Mrs. Herman H. Kerchoff, Los
Angeles; address of president, Mrs. Robert J.
Burdette, Pasadena.
Tuesday, February 4. 9 a. m.— The creden
tials committee will receive and enroll dele
gates. It is desirable that this be accomplished
as early In the day as possible. 1:80 p. m.—
Council meeting- of executive board and the
presidents ot clubs. 2:30 p. m. — General meet
ing:. Invocation, Mrs. I. M. Condlt, Oakland;
'cello aolo, (a) "Romance" (Grutzmacher),
(b) "Tarantella" (Popper), Paul Frledhofer,
Hiss A. Sugel accompanist: address of wel
come, Hon. Eugene H. Schmitz. Mayor of San
Francisco; address of' welcome, *• Mrs. Louise
Weinmann, vice president San Francisco dis
trict; response by the president, Mrs. Robert
J. Burdette; aria from "Le Nozze dl Figaro"
(Mozart), Mrs. Paul Frledhofer: fraternal
greetings; announcement of committee on rules
and regulations; announcement of committee on
resolutions; vocal solos, (a). "Ye Who Have
Learned" (Tschalkowskl), <b) "Spring Flowers"
(Relnecke), Mr. and Mrs. Paul Frledhofer.
8 p. m. — Reception at Golden Gate Hall, given
by the clubs of San Francisco district to the
California Federation of Women's Clubs.
The members of 'the federation wish. It
understood that the sessions of the com
ing convention, . which are to be held In
Golden Gate Hall on February 4, 5, 6 and
7, are free to the public. All women who
are Interested in the work of the federa
tion are Invited to attend.
The programme follows:
• Mayor Schmitz to Speak.
Mrs. Lovell. White, as was stated in The
Call yesterday, resigned the presidency of
the California Club. As she is a leading
candidate for the presidency of the Cali
fornia Federation of Women's Clubs, she
was prevailed upon after a great deal of
solicitation to permit her name to stand
on the ballot. ¦ • . .
Everything is in readiness for the first
convention of the California Federation
of Women's . Clubs, which begins next
Tuesday morning. There was a meeting
of presidents of the various clubs of this
city and Alameda County that compose
the federation In the rooms^of the Cali
fornia Club yesterday. Mrs. Lovell White
presided. Instructions were given and
the arrangements for the coming sessions
were discussed at length and completed.
California Federation Pre
pares for a Four-Day
- Session. k
Women's Clubs to Meet
in Convention Next.
Week. >
TIMELY PAPERS
WILL BE READ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1902.
The last Friday Fortnightly at Cotillon
Hall last evening was largely attended
and a brilliant success in every particular.
Society was well represented. Mrs. Mon
roe Salisbury was heartily congratulated
upon the delightful evenings she has af
forded the guests at these fortnightly
Kline were "at home" yesterday at 2601
Fillmoro street. The decorations were es
pecially attractive and the guests were
pleasantly entertained by the charming
hostesses. ¦
Others who received yesterday were
Mrs. James Coffin and Miss Marion Coffin
at 2518 Broadway and Mrs. George Pow
ers and Miss Katherine Powers.
7
is not only the 'best soap*
for toilet and bath but also
for shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shaving-
Established over ioo year 3. '• -
JTEW AIXVEBTISElOarrS.
EVERYBODY DELIGHTED.
Newbro's Herpicide Destroys the
Dandruff Germ Permanently
and Cures Baldness.
Quinine and rum and a whole lot of
other things are pleasant to rub on the
ecalp after washing it free of dandruff,
but not one preparation of the general
run cures dandruff and falling hair. It Is
necessary to kill that germ, to be perma-
nently cured of dandruff, and to stop
falling hair. Newbro's Herpicide will
positively destroy that germ, bo that
there can be no more dandruff, and so
that the hair will grow luxuriantly. "De-
stroy the cause, and you remove the ef-
fect."
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 00 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month'. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates in
every room: elevator runs all night. "
AMUSEMENTS. ".
Big Vaudeville Show
f:LLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE. ;
SPECIAifTO-NIGHf !
K'Cakewalk
Telephone - for Seats—^Park ' 23./ ' , - *_J° i
AnnrsEMEirra
ttstH HAT R £r\>
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
LAST 2~NiGHTS.
"CORALIE & CO."
"DRESSMAKERS."
The Brightest ot All French Farces.
Everybody and Everything ltf it Is- Funny.
MATTXEE TO-DAT AND SUNDAT.
Seats on sale sis days in advance.
PRICES ISc. 25c. S5c. BOc. 75c
MONDAY—^THE DANITES."
BEbASCO A*aTHAlC& r s:«0$&
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam. 1
At MATINEE TO-DAT AND
RUXDAT.
l\/f A \| DAT EVENING.
lYl /\ l\ A P la y t*»t has had the
* * * *-¦•! country guessing.
\J Sr \ tOc - Matinees, 10c. ISc, 25c
MYSTERY,
NEXT MONPAT— "MASTER AND MAN."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARPS
TO-XIGHT— REGAL PRESENTATION* OF
FRANK DANIELS'
GREATEST COMIC OPERA HIT!
The Ameer!
Presented by the REPRESENTATIVE OPERA
COMPANT OP THE COUNTRT!
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAT. SATURDAT. FEB. 1.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c
IMMENSE VAUDEVILLE FESTIVAL!
THE GREAT CYCLE WHIRL; 3A-
BEL; JORDAN" AMT> CROUCH;
KELLY ANI> VTOLETTE; DA
COMA FAMILY, AMD THE BIO-
GRAPH, SHOWING "THE MA-
TRON STAKES." Last times of
the Nambas; Taylor Twin. Sis-
ters, and Ada Arnoldson.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
TO-XIGHT— LAST TIME
BEN" H£32>T2DR,IOXS
In the Pioneer Swedish Play,
OI_,EI OLSON,
TTith the SWEDISH LADIES' QUARTET.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGflT,
JAMES K. HACKETT'S Bife Success, 7
TSie Pride of Jennico
BEATS READT.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OP
ZORAH.
Week Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
EDWIN ARDEN
In Sir Charles Toucg's Celebrated Drama,
JIM, THE PENMAN.
One of the Strongest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50e. 76c
Good Orchestra Seats All. Matinees 25c.
COLUMBIANS
MATINEE TO-DAT.
To-night and Sunday Night — Last Timei
K1RKE LA SKELLB OPERA C>.
In the Merry Musical Success, THE
PRINCESS CHIC
An Elaborate Opera Comlque.
Commencing MONDAT, February 3,
VIOLA ALLtN
And Company, Presenting:
"In the Palace of the King."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Prices for Miss Allen's Engagement — $2, $1 W)
$1. 75c, 60c. 25c
gfgH^ RACING
%r- Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races etart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat lea"ve« fian Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:80 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Laet two cars oa train reserved for
ladles and tbrtr escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferrr tickets' to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. tn. and immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
NORDICA
Three Song Recitals
Next Tuesday and Thursday Nights
And Saturday Afternoon.
Magnificent programmes of songs In English,
German, French and Italian.
RESERVED SEATS— $1. $2 and $3.
Now on Sale at SHERMAN, CLAT & CO.'S.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers* dlstrlct^-on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad ~ and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of too
<3ty— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans. '
AT>i77yp. f i T rgT' f ivrP|'w T rR
SHitBYilllLiL WnRSFEIi:'
Should be Pitied — Not Blamed —
Men Don't Understand How They
Suffer When They Cry, "Oh, Don't
Speak to Me."
r All manner of extravagant expressions are possible "when a woman's
nerves are overwrought.
I The spasm at the top of the wind pipe or bronchial tubes, "ball
| rifling in the throat," violent beating of the heart, laughing and crying
j by turns, muscular spasms (throwing the arms about), frightened by the
. most insignificant occurrences — arp all symptoms of a hysterical condi-
tion and serious derangement of the female organs.
Any. female complaint mayproduce hysterics, which must be re-
garded as a symptom only. The cause, however, yields quickly to
I Lydia E. Piukham's Vegetable Compound, which acts at once upon
the organ afflicted and the nerve centres, dispelling effectually all those
distressing symptoms.
Mrs. Lewis Says: "I Feel Like a New Person, {
Physically and Mentally."
"Deak Mrs. Pdjkham: — I wish to speak a good word for Lydia B.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. For years I had ovarian trouble and
suffered everything from nervousness, severe headache, and pain in back and
abdomen. I had consulted different physicians, but decided to try your medi-
cine, and I soon found it was giving me much relief. I continued its use and
now am feeling like a new person, physically and mentally, and am glad to
add one more testimonial to the value of your remedy." — Mbs. M. H. Lewis,
2106 Valentine Ave., Tremont, New York, N.Y. »
I Writing to Mrs. Pinkham is the quickest and surest way to
get the right advice about all female troubles. Her address is
Lynn, Mass. She advises -women free. Following is an instance:
;* Mrs. Haven's First Letter to Mrs. Pinkham.
' " Dk ajj Mbs. Putkham : — I would like your advice in regard to my
troubles. I suffer every month at time of menstruation, and flow so much,
and for so long that I become very weak, also get very dizzy.^ I am troubled
with a discharge before and after menses, have pains in ovaries so bad some-
times that I can hardly get around, have sore feeling in lower part of bowels,
pain in back, bearing-down feeling, a desire to pass urine frequently, with
pains in passing it ; have leucorrhcea, headache, fainting spells, and some-
times have hysteria. My blood is not in good condition. Hoping to hear
from you, I am, Mrs. Emma Haves, 2508 South Ave., Council Bluffs, Iowa."
(June 3, 1899.) . ¦ f ; • i
* . Mrs. Haven's Second Letter.
VDkab Mbs. Pinkham: — I wish to express my gratitude for what you
have done for me. I suffered. for four years with womb troubles. Every
month I flowed very badly. I got so bad that I could hardly do my work.
Was obliged to sit or lie down most of the time. I doctored for a Ion?
time, but obtained no relief. I began using your remedies — Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, Blood Purifier, Sanative Wash and
Liver Pills— and now feel like a new woman." — Mbs. Emma Haves", 2503
South Ave., Council Bluffs, Iowa. (Feb.' 1, 1900.) »-
ApAJkA REWARD. — We have deposited wi th the National City Bask of Lyn n , $5000, •
' IT fl 1 1 I i which will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letters
¦ •.lllldlB » r « not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
\0 U V U U mission. £ydla E. Pinkham Medicine Co.. Lynn, Maun.. Light' Inspector. Tupper. has filed a report
with 'the- Supervisors- showing that $22,
428 08 was expended during December, for
public fighting. , The: appropriation was
$21,416 66, leaving a 'deficit of $1011 42. A
surplus remained in the lighting fund De
cember 1, 1901, amounting to $1704 63, mak
ing a net surplus of $693 21. i
Cost of ; Public Lighting.
'¦:'. Chairman, W. H.'Levy; manager, H." E.
Chick; captain, 1 J. A. » Kreling; secretary,
J. | R. - Barrlcklo; i treasurer, * Charles Ham
mond; equipment manager, J. G. Brison;
official umpire, O. McLean. .."¦<: •
' •! The members of the clerical force of the
California Fruit Canners' Association held
i their : first ' meeting- . last :; evening'
and elected: the "following officers for. the
baseball club : for the season of 1902 :;'¦¦&?¦£
Fruit-Caimers' Baseball Club.
'..The San Mateo Hunt Club will; meet at
Reid's School, Belmont, 'at -2:30 o'clock
this ' afternoon. ". On * .Wednesday. ¦', Febru
ary- 5, the hounds, will be laid on at. the
Southern Pacific station at San Mateo at
2 :30 in ¦ the afternoon. ! Next ¦ Saturday,
February, 8, the | rendezvous will be at the
reservoir, Burlingame, at 2:30 p. ¦ m. J
Francis J. Carolan, master of the club;
has returned -from the East and will be
a ¦ member of the : field ; to-day. '-" During
his absence he has hunted regularly with
the crack packs near, New York.
San Mateo Hunt Club.
The South End . Rowing Club Is quite
active this winter, half a dozen crews go
ing out. from the boathouse every Sunday
for exercise and recreation. * Several new
members : have Joined the club recently."
Captain Ed Scully, with .the help , of
Charles Jenkins,- is giving them Instruc
tion In the art of barge rowing. . So many
new men are desirous to become proficient
oarsmen that at the last meeting of the
South Ends an amendment to the consti
tution was proposed to • the effect that a
committee of live. should be appointed to
coach new - members. Vice . President
Thomas Grennan. who had a considerable
athletic reputation at his home in Sonoma
County,' Is a frequent visitor, at the club
house and Is rapidly getting into .good
condition. . Judge A. -. J. ¦ Fritz, T. 1. 1 Fitz
patrlck, Robert McArthur and James P.
Foley are • manifesting ¦ renewed- enthusi
asm ¦ in aquatic sports. • - - - ¦'
The Alameda Boating Club is In a flour
ishing financial condition. All; the boats
now owned by the club will be overhauled
and -put. into, good order and -.during the
coming season new boats wlll.be bought.
The club has among its members so many
young men desirous of rowing- that- it ia
- probable '¦" a ; new racing- ' barge ' will be
bought. The club is discussing the possi
bility of entering two crews in each class
in the ¦ regattas of the coming year.
. Captain T. R. Dlxon of the Dolphins be
lieves there is some good material In the
club, • but -will ¦ not make up any - crews as
. yet. - .The Dolphins- may give a ' club re
gatta - for . the purpose of developing : the
rowing talent of the 'new ' members.
Barge Crews in Many of
the Clubs, v; ' \ '-
Strong Material la in Sight for. Hew
¦ Many : ladies > from Al^meda : were ' on
hand at the California Club courts on
Wednesday afternoon to take part in the
mixed doubles tournament, but the local
men players did not fancy the : cold
weather of Wednesaay and the .tourna
ment was postponed.- < "••:.
¦ Harry Wiehe, the crack. player of Stan
ford University, ¦ has expressed I his inten
tlon-of taking part in the lntercolleglato
tennis matches this year. Stanford's only
hope of a., victory lies In Wlehe. The lat
ter stands a chance of beating any of the
University, of California experts and. if ho
can get a man In his own class as a'part
ner In the doubles his college would stand
a chance or winning. Du Val Moore will
probably be ¦. Wlehe's partner -in doubles,
but will have to improve before April or
his team will cut little figure, in the dou
bles. - .
will be*-H. E. Routh, C." Dunlap, George
Bates, Carlton Davis, E. Twlgg and Oscar
Beyf uss. All other entries will go in the
second class. Among those in this class
who] have already entered are Baker, Bo
zart, Kamp, . Baer, Ly tton, Lea, Adronatl
and Alec Beyfuss. Play will .begin at 9:30
a. m. • . . ,:¦ ¦. . ; ¦. ; .. :- . .
Last Sunday several members . of the
San Francisco Tacht Club went over to
Sausallto and accomplished a considerable
amount of work on the ¦ main hall of the
clubhouse. The annual meeting and elec
tion , of officers for the coming year will
be held on Wednesday evening. February
12, in the Merchants'. Exchange. There are
at present no signs of any opposition to
the regular ticket, -which will doubtless
be elected without change.
. After the ; meeting . the members were
the guests, of the newly elected officers at
a downtown restaurant.
The report of the retiring, commodore,
Harry D. Hawks, gave many figures,
showing the comparative amounts spent
during the last five years upon the regat
tas, ciam bakes, opening ana closing* Jinks
and other entertainments. It also com
mented on the Inadequate water supply
and on the fact that the club may In fu
ture have to pay x for power for its electric
lights, which has hitherto been supplied
by the California Northwestern Railway.
At the Paciflo Interclub Yacht Associa
tion's regatta the Corinthians won four
out of five Macdonough , cups and took
first place, In five out of six classes.,
The treasurer's report showed that
while the income of the club has steadily
Increased • its . expenditures have grown
proportionately. In- order to wipe off the
indebtedness and create a f una to meet
expenses during the early part of the sea
son It was strongly urged by F. E. Beolc
that. an assessment be levied. A long and
¦omewhat bitter discussion arosa upon
this question, but at last It was decided
to be the sense of the meeting that an
assessment of $6 should be levied on eactt
member, payable at the rate of 50 cents
per month. - Then the purpose to -which,
the assessment should be devoted .was
warmly debated, the conclusion being that
the assessment should go Into the club
treasury and be expended according to the
best Judgment of the directors. The last
and most Interesting matter discussed
was the course to be pursued by the Co
rinthians In case of a challenge being re
ceived from another club for the Perpet
ual cup, which was won by . Westerfeld
and Morrow's sloop .Aeolus and success
fully defended last year by Frank Stone's
Presto. Ex-Commodore Carl "Westerfeld
said the proper plan is for the club. In the
event of receiving a challenge, to notify Its
yacht-owning members that a raca will be
held and. to select the fastest boat to de
fend" the . trophy. He spoke strongly
against the expenditure of the funds of
the club In i fitting out - or preparing any
private owner's yacht for the contest. The
outcome of. a- heated discussion was that
the directors were instructed to meet any
challenge that. may be sent in the most
energetic manner, and to use their best
judgment;ln the matter" of selecting and
preparing" a yacht to uphold the credit of
the club. . .
The annual meeting of the Corinthians
In Red Men's Hall last "Wednesday even
ing was the largest and stormiest that has
been held for several years. One orvtwo
jocular attempts were made to introduce
other lists of nominees, but nothing came
of them, and the regular ticket was elect
ed without change and unanimously. The
'report of the secretary showed that the
club has a list of 246 active, 13 absent and
4 honorary members. The fleet comprises
45 sloops, 9 yawls and 3 launches, besides
a large number of rowboata and yachts'
tenders. . ¦
The puppies ax* eligible far the Belle
Brandon cup, which Is to be run on the
22d lnst. at Union Park, and the older
dogs -are classed for the California plats
stake of th« same date. Followers of the
¦port are anxious to have tli* kennel re
main to compete In these events and no
effort will be spared to gain the new
owner's consent to that end.
A stake la being: advertised to he run
at Vallejo under the auspices of Con.
Mooney. The Vallejo Coursing' Club has
not given consent to Mooney to hold this
meeting, nor has the California coursing
committee sanctioned the affair. Own
ers who run their dogs will probably bo
ruled off by the coursing committee.
Amarosa, the dam of the noted young
stake winners Freeze Out and Cold Shiv
ers,-was run over and killed by a' train
near Ocean View last week.
E. D. Morden, who, with Charles Gas
sagne, represents much of the 'Stock of
the Los Angeles Coursing Association,
haa negotiated for many shares In the
club, the . possession . of which will give
him the controlling Interest.
Two stakes are offered for this week'3
attraction at Union Park, a special stake
of fifty-two entries and an open event of
sixty-four nominations. Both stakes will
be run down to-day. ; Likely winners in
the special - stake are Sacramento Boy.
Charta, Real Article, Tlburon Oleta.
Freda C, Vulcan, Tapioca, Slsquoc Lear
King. Narcissus, Aeolus, Merrimac Fls
i?. 5 Fox-Kibosh. Mayflower. Tralee Boy.
Firm Fellow, Game Boy. Master Clatr,
Tame Tralee, America. Mamie Pleasant,
Haphazard. Little Sister and Roman Ath
. lete.
_In the open stake winners look to be:
Roving Arab. Living Picture. Bogus
Brummel. Master Whalen. Galatea. Fiery
Friend, Crockett Hill. Precita Maid. Fan
nie Hughie. O'Hara. Gramercy, Rich Ar
gosy. \varpath. Terronette. Sempronius.
Bella of Shandon, . Lorina-. Klttleman.
\Vapsee. Bogus Baron. Bad Boy. Black
Cloud, Royal Friend, Fearful Ship, Royal
tinion. Belle Rocket, Fair Glen, Lady
Sears and John Doe.
The- purchaser is Ralph Orthwein, a
wealthy young member of the St. Louis
Pastime Club. Mr. Orthwein has but
lately become a patron of the sport of
the leash, being drawn Into the game by
6. Lacy Crawford of the club. Mr. Craw
ford is an ardent adherent at the sport
and Is the owner of a. kennel of cham
pion coursers in St. Louis. Ho Is known
as a true sportsman and his declaration
that he Intends to make his city the
coursing center of America augurs well
for coursing In St. Louis. The deal calls
for the transfer of Slsquoc, Tiburon, Tap
ioca, Lady Clare. Elista and Imported
Fine Form; three Emin Pasha-Maggie N
puppies and five Fortuna Favente-Wana
saplings. The older dogs are well known
performers and will ba a valuable addi
tion to the kennels of the St. Louis Cours
ing Club.
The new - owner has sent on 'William
Egan to take possession of thm grey
hounds.
""D. J. Healey, the well known Califor
nlan leashman, has disposed of his ken
nel of fast greyhounds and has retired
from the coursing game, for a time at
least. Soma weeks ago an offer was
made to the Prince of Petaluma for his
entire kennel and negotiations were
brought to that point where the transfer
was all but completed. At the last mo
ment, however, a misunderstanding re
sulted In the deal being declared oft. The
persons Interested opened negotiations
again and In a short time a change of
"ownership was effected.
BOWING ATTRACTS ; '
• MANY. NEW- JfOU.OWEjRS
Eugene Geary's greyhound, -Palo Alto, owing to recent In
juries, may not be able to follow up. his sensational victories
on the coursing field. - At the present time no dog. stands out
above his fellows in speed as did the black and white* son of
Emin Pasha, hence ;the successor to the title o£ champion is
hard to name.
It seems accepted as a ;,fact that Frank Stone s yacht
Presto will defend the San Francisco Perpetual Challege cup
against the yacht now being built by a syndicate of members
of the San Francisco Tacht Club. The Presto won the Mac
donough cup' in the 30-foot class at the annual Interclub re
gatta last year, defeating A. E. Chapman's sloop Helen. She
Is the fastest 30-footer In the bay.
George F. Whitney has held the tennis " championship s»
long that It seems no one can wrest the honor from him. This
year men who held the championship a decade ago and a
number of new players will be out for the -blue ribbon of the
courts. Champion Whitney will • find • the competition^ keen
when he Is called to defend his title. , ' . '• • ¦,:¦
Otto Feudner is expected to maintain his standing as a
trap shot. His sensational work in the field during the duck
season shows he; has lost none of his skill with the double
barreled gun. •
Anthony Cadogan, the crack sprinter of the University of
California, will sport the • blue and gold colors on Eastern cln
'der paths in competition with the fastest runners Yale, Har
vard and other great colleges can send forth. He has covered
one hundred yards several times' in ten seconds. This Is the
mark aspiring sprinters the world over seek to reach. It has
not been accomplished so often as to take, the glamour away
from the performance. ? • ¦ .
Decide to levy Assessment
ancT Instruct Directors to
Maintain' Credit of Club
Ralph Orthwein, a St. Louis
Leashman of Wealth, Buys
D. J. Healey's Greyhounds
California Will Send a Quartet of Brilliarif Performers to the East to
Uphold Its Fame in Competition.
Fellow Surprises -the Experts on
'¦¦.'. Calif ornia Club Courts.
Play on the tennis courts was light dur
ing the week because- of the extremely
coldweather. The feature of the week.was
the reappearance of Thomas. A. Driscoll,
ex-champion of the coast. Of all the
former champions who have again taken
up the game, Driscoll . has made by far
the best impression.- The latter was never
considered as good a player as Will Tay
lor when they were both at their best, but
Driscoll's game is -more effective against
the present cracks than either Tobln' a or
Taylor's.'.' . ''¦'.: "¦"¦;'.¦.
. The left-handed expert has not touched
a racket for five years, but i on his first
appearance, beat Carl Gardner, one of the
second-class men, with ease. On the fol
lowing day he beat Merle Johnson, one of
the best . men ¦ In the first class, -.handily.
He plays a peculiar ; game and one that
is a great deal , more effective ¦" than it
looks. Joe Dally, who is an authority on
tennis, is of the opinion that Driscoll with
a month's practice would be almost a
match for Champion Whitney.- . ,
The finals of the doubles tournament
held over from last Sunday will be played
to-morrow morning. ..The contestants will
be W. B. Collier and H. W. Crowelland
Chet and.Grant Smith. These. two teams
are in the lead in the race for the; Davis
cups. Unless the brothers": can defeat
their opponents, the, cups, are; almost cer
tain to. go to Collier and Crowell perma
nently. ' v :¦'¦¦¦•'¦¦¦ --••¦- ¦-¦.*
• The. park courts : are becoming, more
popular each , week, , and it Js doubtful if
they will 1 be able to 'accommodate: the
players who will . turn , ; out when • the
weather becomes milder. : . ' .:¦ ,'"-'
' In spite of. the. fact that tournaments
' are popular among the park • players,': few
have been ' held thus far. .> They have ar
ranged for a" class singles ' event, • which
will be held to-morrow. , The players will
be divided intotwo classes; the first class
allowing the .second a' handicap', of
teen." The winner of the tournament will
receive a racket. Those in the first class
Expert Poloist and Ail-Around Good
W. W. Van: Arsdale's pointer. Dr. Daniels, winner of the
all-age stake, at: the recent- field trials,, proved- a brilliant per
former. Judge- Balmer predicted he would hold his own in
any company. •' , ¦
Walter. D. Mansfield, champion fly-caster, will meet foemen
worthy of his skill in the open to the world tournament to be
held on Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park, /In August. Devotees
of the gentle pastime from many 1 Eastern cities will be In at
tendance. ' '^' r - ¦; ¦ ¦ ;
CHAMPION TOM DBISCOLIi
'.y AGAIN TAKES XTP TENNIS
W. C. Layng's pacer, Sir Albert S, 2:08%, has no more fleld3
to conquer .here. He will hook up .with -the stars down the
Grand Circuit. He was undefeated . last year, winning six
races, each one in three straight heats. .
E. J. Baldwin'3 Cruzados is being . especially prepared for
the .American Derby, to be decided next June in. Chicago, when
all his whirlwind speed _will be required to defeat such crack
performers as The. Frank, Arsenal, Cameron, Corrigan, Cunard,
Dewey, Endurance by Right, .Heno,. Homestead, Leonora Lor-
Ing, McChesney. Nellie Waddell, Old England, Otis and. San
Nicholas. ThUs is one of the richest of American turf events.
Cruzados; the champion, sprinter, Anthony Cadogan,
and the champion field, trial dog, Dr. Daniels, will' pit 'their
speed and skill against the eensatfonal , performers, of the
East. Champion Jeffries is not only willing but anxious to
defend his title to the boxing championship of the world if a
challenger will but stand forth. --. ' ;
in many branches of. sport on this coast
/T * will be called upon Ho defend their hard-earned titles
\V J durIn £ tne forthcoming . season. . The champion pacer,
Sir Albert S, 2:08%; . the champion : three-year-old
INTERESTING STRUGGLES ANTICIPATED
IN TH E VARIOUS SPORTS AND PASTIMES
CORINTHIANS
HOLD STORMY
DELIBERATIONS
GREAT KENNEL
IS PURCHASED
BY EASTERNER
CLEVEREST PERFORHERS IN VARIOUS FORHS OF SPORT AND PASTIME WHO WILL BE PREPARED TO AGAIN DEFEND THEIR TITLES.
.-¦'•.¦ ... . ¦•¦.'.• ¦ . f -\ ¦/-¦¦¦.
- Some men owe. all they have In „ this
world to others— and some owe a lot more
than, tbev have. "\ ' • . ¦ r •
three days of the meeting seriously - dis
concerted them, showed some' fine play.
Yesterday morning the qualifying round
for the women's championship of South
ern California was played on the links .of
tne Los Angeles Country Club. , The ladies
making the four best scores played the
first match yesterday afternoon. This
afternoon, beginning: at J.:30- o'clock, the
final match will be played and the win
ner Will be the champion lady golfer of
Southern California for 1902.' ¦ •
Intending visitors from this city ' cao
leave here on the .morning train and ar
rive at Norman at l'p. m.' They .can
shoot that afternoon and, the next.morn
ing, which their hosts' will count as one
day; They furnish everything except grun
and, shells and charge from $12 to $15 per
day per head. They never use larger than
No. -6 shot and never shoot farther 1 than
40 yards. They advise shells loaded as
for ducks. They have a fine four-room
cottage and guarantee 'to take excellent
care of sportsmen from the time 'they ar
rive until they leave. They can handle
four In a party by two shooting together.
The shooting is done out of pits , on\ the
prairie. The crew consists of seven men,
six horses and two wagons. They are ex
perts in bringing the birds ' into ; < close
range. Intending .visitors can make their
arrangements with Mr. Allison, at \El
mlra, either by telephone, telegraph or
letter. * * v
"Doc" Stuart, Abe Crump . and . Claud
Kagee have made ample! preparations to
entertain sportsmen who enjoy, wild goose
shooting. They have located for the sea
son at' Norman; "Glenn " County. ! . The
shooting will commence February 10 and
will continue until April 10. ........
County for Some Time.
Excellent Sport Promised in Glenn
WILD GOOSE SHOOTING.
• The prohibition of the sale of quail Is
expected to work wonders in replenishing
the supply of that game bird. •¦ The aver
age receipts in former . years . were 200
dozen, or 2400 birds per day. The aver
age was bardly more than 100 birds per
day during the past season owing to the
alertness of the officers -of the Fish and
Game Commission. Many arrests of vio
lators were made and. convictions secured,
thus deterring men from killing the birds
and sending them into the . market sur
reptitiously.
Birds are still plentiful, being in some
quarters a positive menace to the farm
ers. This .is particularly true about Grid
ley and Auburn, where they have to be
driven off the grain' at night.
The game .protectionists are anxious to
save the life of every duck they can, be
lieving one live bird to be worth more
than many dead ones; The majority of
the sportsmen who have shot over pre
serves during .the past, season are-satis
fied with the sport they enjoyed. The dry
season has kept the birds- in and about
the bay, thus providing good sport at all
times. : -' ••..:¦
The duck shooting season closed yester
day under the law passed by the last Leg
islature, which shortened' it one month.
There is a wide difference of opinion as
to the expediency of the new law. Be
tween the men who believe they should
be allowed to! shoot throughout the entire
year and those who would stop all. shoot
ing, for some years at least, there are all
shades of- opinion. ¦ '¦
The golfers from • Southern California
were so well and numerously represented
at the first annual- Pacific Coast : cham
pionship meeting held on the Presidio
links last year that. great- hopes. are en
tertained that a goodly ¦ number ¦ of the
strongest golfers f ipm * San .- Francisco
Oakland, Burlingame and San Rafael will
fro down to Los Angeles .this, year. It is
believed that E.'R. Kolger, winner of the
championship, and John Lawson, runner
o- will make the trip. R. M. Fitzgerald,
W. P. Johnson,. F. 8. Stratton and some
other Oaklanders are also likely to enter
the contest. The Southern Californlans
last year, though the violent winds pre
railins: in San Francisco during- the first
The first eighteen holes of the first
home-and-home match of the season be
tween teams of men representing? the San
Francisco and Oakland Golf clubs will be
played this afternoon on the Presidio
links. The teams consist of eight men
from each club, this number having been
decided upon after considerable talk of
teams of as few as six or- as many.as a
dozen. Yesterday _- Captain 6. L. -.Abbot
Jr. of the San Francisco Golf Club and
Captain Orestes Pierce of the Oakland
Golf Club exchanged lists of teams, each
man on the teams having a number' from
1 to S. Number 1 of the visiting: team
will play against' number -1 of the home
team, number. 2 against number 2 and so
on. If any member of elthemeam is ab
sent the opposing team will score two
holes. The Presidio course is in excel
lent condition just now, the -turf being
strong and holding: the ball up well. The
second elgnteen holes of the first match
Trtll -toe played next Saturday on the links
at Adams Point, Oakland, and the scores
of the two days' play will be reckoned to
gether. Later in the season a second
thirty-six-hole match will be played un
der the same conditions. If both matches
chould be won by the same team the sil
ver trophy will become the permanent
property of the club to which the winning
team belongs. If each club should win one
match a deciding match over eighteen
holes will be played on neutral links. This
has happened only once, the deciding
match in 1899 having been played on the
links of the Burlingame Country. Club.
Last Monday morning, In eplte of , the
cold north wind which swept over the
Presidio course, seven ladies of the San
Francisco Golf Club took part In a handi
cap over eighteen holes. . Mrs. R. Oilman
Brown played from scratch and was in
excellent form. Miss Edith McBean,
aided by a good handicap, made the low
est net score and. won the prize. The
other contestants were Miss Alice Hager,
Miss Florence Ives, Mrs. L. T. Scott, Miss
Sarah Drum and Miss Edith Chesebrough.
For the present the Sausallto Golf Club
has given up part of its course and is
keeping up only five holes. It Is the In
tention of the tournament oommittee to
hold a handicap contest, medal play, some
time during the present month.
Next month will be an active and an in
teresting: month for the golfers of Cali
fornia. The second annual contest for the
men's amateur championship of the Pa
cific Coast Golf Association will be held
on the links of the Los. Angeles Country
Club on March 3, 4. 5 and 6. Contestants
must be members of a club affiliated with
the association and must . make their en
tries through the secretaries of their
clubs. Entries must be received .by, T. P.,
Gower, secretary of the association, at 19
Beale street, San .Francisco. - not later'
than 5 p. m. on Tuesday, February 25.
A qualifying round will first be played
over thirty-six holes, medalplay, the six
teen making the lowest scores ¦ being en- '
titled to enter the ¦ match play rounds."
The first, second and semi-final round?
will be over eighteen holes and the final
round over thirty-six holes. '
Representatives of Oakland
and San Francisco Engage
in Home-and-Home Match
Wide Difference of Opinion
as to the Expediency of
Closing Season So Early
DUCKS SAFE
FROM GUNMEN
FOR A TIME
GOLFING TEAMS
MEET TO-DAY IN
TOURNAMENT
CHAMPIONS ARE READY TO DEFEND HARD-WON TITLES
THE SAN FKA^CISCOiaAiL-SATDRDAY^ FEBRUARY, 1 1902.
?. Re^ n f e may be s-w eet or It may be bit
ter. It depends on who gets U.
The open season in -which it was lawful
to catch steelheads I ended yesterday. It
will remain closed until Aprill. Not only
the market fishermen but all anglers must
reasect the law.. ....
Steeltiead Fishing Ends.
8QAKLAJSLS A 5J|ESraACK-^
322T. -v FIRST RACB^-Six furlongs; ¦'selling^thTee-year-Qlds.ahdMp; W. first. $325. 'j
'' . r: ••- •,:-*." ".- -.- ',¦.-. ¦?..¦>'-* i. - - --;- ¦ •¦¦ - '- ¦:.-.'".- r .>•« •-;»|. '¦¦¦<-¦:.- . ; ; ¦;.. -•¦:•¦ :'¦ .'.- Betting.
Index Horse.-Age. Weight. St. v'^i-'f'-^-^Str.^.Fln." . Owner and Jockey. Op. O.
<3W) John Peters, .3.^119 2 1 1 ". l-lfc 1 -ltf • 1 1-, J.. F. -Schojrr.. . J."< Woods 4 l|-2
(3217) Quiet. 3i....i...,11911v *!%! S'h -;3."-%-» 2 % ..- Jennings^ &;€*>.. -.Burns 2 5-2
3197 Annie Max. j3.,:.?« 11' " 2 % "2 1 •-, 2 h . 3 4 . P.-SherhJan^i.-J.^Daly 20 12
f2t)C8 Mik8vRlce,,a.../.118 .».. 6 .*-%V 4 J -" T..E.,MclAUghlln-.Mnce 10 15
"Sm Our-Lizzle; a...:120 3V10 1 . 6 h ; 6 h 5;%>; W.-,Ketchemaa..Jackson 6 11-2
•321T Claudator, 3.... . '.101 ' 8/ 11' '10 7-1^; 6 2 Elmwood f Farnj-.Blrltrth 20 25
3188 Rubino- 3. •-..... T105 7~- 71 . 4 1 -•6.1" 1 7 r h- ' Summers ¦&-Co..O'Conn i r 5 6
31S8 Dulcimer. 3 .'100 8/ 9,1 , 6 1 ;8>1 ' 81 '¦"., T/'H. Ryan...»..Ransch 6 7
>31B1 Nonie, 3...,. .....114 10 ¦'¦". ' .4-b, . 8'1 --9 1-;' »»% • M."'Kaiie,...' r^..TTOxIer 10 25
-3004, Gold Baron. e.-..12O 5 V. 8 h 11'15 10 1 10 1 ' H. Ii HaslCeil...Winslet 40 100
3002 Senator' Bruce, 3.;119 4 3 h-- 7,h -11 .-; ll : 50. Clayton- &. Co.. E. Jones 20 100
¦ 3201 Marlneuse, 4..:. .115 12 12- 12..:-.12-. -12 ¦-•. - J. ; Cpnway.... ..Re^fern 10 13
Time^-ii, :24«; %V :48%;>.%, 1:14%.' Ba'dstartw Waa; first three driving. - Winner, J. F.
.-. Schorr's ch.c. by. Lord Esterllng-Tarpela II. v Peters, had" the, speed of tho-party and beat
¦the others away: •;; With a-better start -Quiet might have won.' iliie Rice ran a. fair race.
li Dulcimer away -poorly. '^^terlneusejprwQtlc&lly^etX^^^
3228.' SECOND RACE— Mile and '.an' "eighth; seliing;. four-yeax'-oidsTand up; 'to flrst, $325.
,'¦. i:.\i~^ ¦-. • . -v -. , -V ¦¦/: ¦-.- 'i- v,- ¦• ¦-¦. • :j;:; :; ".V •. ¦¦•;'«- -..rw-:' ' '• ¦¦ ,--.. Betting.
Index Horse.' Age. Weight. St. : 1%-Y K. ;Str. •¦' Fin, i- \Owtter.and i Jockey.. ..; Op. CL
3216- Cougar, 109 *l*j^ 1 h ) l l %'\ 13.' 1-3 ' Elmwood, FarinJ.Ransch . .7-2 5
3153 Billy Lyons,- 4... .109 2-,9 2 9 3 , 4'l" .* 2-n . J. B.iBortanb:.A. Kelly 100 100
• 3222 ' El "Mldp 6........1U 4' 3 2 . 3 f l --2:h 3f%i J. S.iCampbelllVJ. Daly 6 12
3112 Sunell3;'5...;....m 3^'5 1" 4h 6h' 4 2 . M.-Storn... ....O'Connor 4 9-2
3170 Artllla,. 5... ; ..:... 109 7 '10 10 . 6 1 ' 5 1 C. W. Carroll-BIrkenrth 8-5 U-5
3222 Senator Matts. 6.. Ill 10 6 1 5h .7 1 6 2 H. ' L. Haskell..J. Woods 8 12
3143 M.li.Rothchnd,'4..111 5,2624 3 h 7 1 • J. M. Crane Mounce 15 12
3203- William F, 6. ....Ill 9 ' 7h ,6 2 8 2 8 1 John Kane Prior 20 15
3170 Darlene, 4 ,.:iO4 8 8 h 8h 9 10 9 15 Dr. Rowell .Jackson 10 12
317S» Lodestar, a- HI 8 4 a 7 hi 10 10 D.O'Keefe & Cb..Troxlr 10 12
Time— V*. ¦ :2iV, ; %, :49%; %. 1:16^4; mile. 1:42%: l%m. .1:55%. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' ch. h. by Tlger-Genett* Edwards.
- Track* just suited winner. Billy Lyons ran a fair race.: El illdo should have been closer
up. ,- Bunello a better horse in the mud. Artilla fell a block out of It early In the game.
. Scratched--Expedlent 111, Captain Oalnes 114. Bob Palmer 106. • ' ;
822»yTHIR^RACE — One mile; selling; three- year- olds and up; to first. $325.
¦ ¦ , ' ¦ i '- " • ¦ " " ~- j ' . ." •¦ . J I Betting.
Index I Horse. Age. Weight.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. j Owner *nd Jockey. .|Op. , CL
. 3212 Mission, 5. ..Ill 1 l%lh 1%M% James Wilson. .Bullmanl 10 10
' (3186) Constable, 3. 95 3 . 6 2 4^ 4 1 2h Ezell & Lazarus.. JacKsn . .. 3 5-2
.3214 King Dellls. 5. ...114 4 5 h 3 h 3 «. J S. C. LInd Redfem _ 5 13-5
3168 Einstein, 6 .111 2 -" 3 h 2 1 2 h. 4 5 L. Levy...; Mounce 10 15
3208 Quadra, 3........ 89 7 ' 4h 62 53 54 Snider & Co .Knapp 7-5 8-5
(3185) Nilgar 6 ..Ill 6 7' 7.63 64 Mrs. Jones & Co..O* Conn 6 12
:tlO2 Ravlno, 4... 109J:6 2% 5 1 77. W. P. Hayes Prior 60 200
Time— iT :26; % :51; #. 1:16^: mile, 1:42%. : Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner," J. Wilson's ch. g. by Albert-Annie Layne. " Mission ran a game race. Constable
stood a long drive. A furlong too far for King Dellls. Quadra ran a bad race. JNllgar a
"mudder." ' -. ¦ ¦ .. ' . ;" • " ' •• - • • *}£*
3230. FOURTH RACE — 6'^ furlongs: San Ramon handicap; 3-year-old3 & up; to first, <40O.
I- . I ,. , 1 '. I- Bettiag.
Index Hor»e. Age. Weight. St. %. J4. Btr. nn. O^ner and Jockey. | Op. CL
3165 Prin. Titania '4.. 95 G,4h 4 2 2 1 11% Caesar Toung.... Jackson 6 9
2870 Hagerdon, 5 110 2 1 % lHi'ln 2 2% H. L. Frank. ..T. Burns 5 .4
2801 Joe Frey, 4 113 7 3n '3 % SI 3 ns J. F. Schorr. ..J. Woods 10 12
3J05 ISly-a .'.":.•.. ,100 3 5 3-. 5 1 -4 % 4 1 - D. il. Hanlon. .O'Connor 7 8
(3194) Kenilworth, 4 ...126 1 6 4 ' 6 5 '6 5 5 5 W. H. Retcheman.Mnce 3 16-5
(3123) Byron Rose, 4.... 113 6 23 215ft 64 Roy Wilson i.Ransch 8 8
'- .'till- Hagl - 3 ........ '....90 4 7. 7'. .7. . .7 .< W. E^Arplegate.-.Daly 15 20
2983 Articulate 4 ....106 • ... ... R. A. SmitlK.Blrkenruth 8 • 15
3177 [J. Boggs. 5 90|»» ... ... ... ... IJ- S. Gibson Knappl 20 30
Time — Yi. :23% ; %* :47%; %, 1:13: 6%f, 1:20^4. Bad start. Won first three driving. Win- |
¦ ner Caesar Young's br. m. by Massetto-Queen Titania. . Winner almost left. Jackson lost
no ground by hugging the rail. Hagerdon had no excuses. Sly. could not get up. Mounce
took Kenilworth back with an idea of rating him. Too much weight on Byron Rose. J.
Boggs ran away three miles, j »Left. away. _j^^ -_L-J-^- l _^. -^_-^.^-. .-, -^r^^f
3231. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; to first, $325.
j i ~: ~~" J ~ ~T TZ ~ ~ '¦ I &stUng.
Index|Horse and "Welght.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. J Owner and Jockey. j Op. CU
3146 Josie G~.... 1122 12 11% 11 13 J.S. Gibson .;..Howson 4-5 6-5
3174 Royal Rogue 109 3 2n 2 2 2 2 -23 JI C..N«alon^.. O'Connor 10 30
(3158) The Giver 112 1 5 .4n 32 34 Elmwood Farm... Mounce 6-5 , ; 1»,
(.{191) Malaspina 107 4 31 3% 4 3 41 Mallowmot Farm..Jacksn 10 50
'3194 JDIvina 117 5 4 % 5 6.5 Stemler 4; Co. ..Bullman 10 30
Time V4 :25V4; % :5O; %, 1:14%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, J S. Gibson's b. f. by Bloomsbury- Czarina. Josle had nothing to bother her.
Mounco made a ridiculous mess of rating The Glver^^Dlvlna^will^ dojwlth some^yeight oiL
3232. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs ; selling ; four- year- olda and up; to first. $325.
- '. : ! '¦ j I BettlngrT"
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. I Op. CL
3214* Sweet Tooth 4... 1051 5 43 Ihl3 13. L. V. Bell T.Burns 1 3-5
3106 Varro 4 ...!..... 92 1 32 4%21 21 G. W. Miller.... Redfern 2 14-5
3213 Wolhurst a 103 6 6% 52 31 31% J. McMlchael Ransom 12 30
3213 Fridolin, 4 ..86 2 lh 3 2 4 6 4 10 G. W. Scott. . .Wlnslette 30 40
3220 H ' Thatcher, 5... 83 7 9 9 5 % 5 n W. . Johnson..... Sheehan 20 50
2520 AHuras. 6 107 4 5h 82 62 65 R.E. Smith Howson 100 200
320.1 Light Ball 4 988 81 6% 74 7 4' A. H. Vlvell Ransch 10 15
3173 Educate 4 86 3 2 2 2 h SI 8 1 W. E. Cotton.... J. Daly 30 60
3192 Onyx 6 100 9 '* 7 4 7 2 9 9 W. P. Fine Hoar 80 80
32GC Rey.Darc, 4...... 96 * ' C. G. White Jackson 7 7
Time \i :24; % :48; %, l:14Vi; %. 1:27'.4. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third
driving! Winner, L. V. Bell's br. h. by Conrad-Too Sweet. Gallop for the winner. Varro
did his best. Scratched — February 93, Morlnel 97. *Left.
: CHICAGO, Jan." 31.— Kid Broad of Cleve
land gained/ a decision over Tommy Sulli
van 'pf Brooklyn . at - the end of a six-
Cleveland Man Given the Decision
'. ". .: . After Six Lively Rounds. •
draw.' Dean landed the most clean blows,
but ; : there was hot the necessary steam
behind them<. to .make them. tell. He held
a'; lead-; until 'the seventh round, <• when
Saulsbury landed 'some hardblows. Dean
forced'matters" in tha-lastround," but tho
judges', called it a draw. ¦' ¦¦ ,
"Cyclone" ¦ Kelly . and J. J. Dukelow
fought^ ten rounds, Kelly getting- the de
ciston.! Neither man was in >. condition,
Dukelow, especially showing 1 early signs
of distress.. He made a stand in the fifth
round, , but It .-was only a temporary one.
The^. sixth f round iwas i a. fast . one/ . Kelly
triea : to knock out- Dukelow in the ninth
and again- in the. tenth. . \ Dukelow barel v
lasted out to the;flnish;. ' .- ¦ ; .
SRbAI) 'DEFEATS SULLIVAN.
ffiSIISiii fflMfi'GJRli CHART.
SUDDEN DEATH OF WILLIAM HEWES.-
William H. Hewes, a caadymaker. residing at
307 Golden Gate avenue, died suddenly last
Thursday night of heart disease. While in the
act of taking: off his coat he fell to the floor
an<I expired. ¦ H e was a native of England
45 years old. ; ?; ' ¦
The first meeting of the commltte* will
be held In the Mayor's office at City Hall
next "Wednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock. *
Furuseth,' "W. II. Goff. Thomas "Westoby.
George A. Moore, Horace Davia. Lewis Gentle
Maurice Casey, S. Scbwabacher B. "W Hop
kins. W. H. U Barnes. W. S. Wood." James
R. T. Mershon, J. M. Wllklna, •William ClacK,
T. B. Morton, J. F. Fugazl, Robert WIeneKe,
A. Goustlaux, Raphael Welll, Maxwell Mo
Nutt, Mrs. Lovell "White. Miss Teresa Dinkel
spiel, Miss Katherlne Hlttell. Mrs. I.Lowen
berg, Mrs. George "W. Haight.
Third Race — Shell Mount, Black r>ick, Af
ghan.
Fourth Race— La Goleta, Lapldug. Greyfeld.
Fifth Race — Bell entry. Constellator, Horton.
Sixth Race— Artllla, Herculean, Pat Morris-
Bey, i
Second Race — Solano. Sea Song, Bcnltary.
First Race — Durazzo, Adirondack, Honiton.
Selections for To-Day.
Slzth Race^ — One and an eighth miles; sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward:
3182 Herculean ...109 3228 Artllla 104
(3195) Pat MorrisseylOS 3222 Hungarian ..10C
3220 Picador 107 3222 Mont Eagle ..10n
3216 Scintillate ...101 3068 "Windward ...109
It must make a 'man feel cheap when
he hears his wife tell another woman
what a matrimonial bargain she got.
. WASHINGTON;,' Jan. " 31.— The ¦ amount o:
gold in the Treasury: to-day, was $54,796,305,
the hlsrhest noint ever . reached in • the history
I .the Government. .
Asa R. Wells. Joseph S. Tobln Jr., Charles
ti. Ames. Itev. P. C. Yorke. Rev. J.^Nleto,
Rev.-- William Rader, J. D. Sprecfcels, John. P.
Your.g. T. T. "VVilllams, Hugh Hume, Andrew
. Mayor Sqhmitz has apointed the follow
ing named" persons as members of the
auxiliary committee of the McKinley
Memorial Association:" .
McKinley Memorial Association.
It , seems . that Holloway had formerly
been employed aboard the -Walla' -Walla
but' on November 23. he shipped as second
steward on the Argyll, which plies * be
tween this port and Panama, For some
reason Holloway .. did . not Inform his
friends of the change he had made, 1 and
as his- picture appeared in the papers to
gether with details of how he. met his
death, his friends entertained no doubts
about 1 , the truth, -of the story, and even
went so far 'as to endeavor, to -collect
some of his clothes and other belongings
to. keep, as souvenirs, or. for other pur
poses. . . ¦ • , ¦ ' ¦; \ . r . •
Robert A. Holloway, a supposed victim
of the Walla Walla disaster; created a
mild sensation when he turned up at his
former lodgings, 154 Tehama street, yes
terday afternoon. Holloway/ had , been
given up for dead since the" day of the
wreck, and • when" his friends beheld him
alive and well they experienced various
sensations.' ¦ . . -•
This 'City.
Mourned, as Dead, Arrives in
Eobert Ai. . Holloway, Who Was
forest in Shasta -and Slskiyou Counties.
Last evening George W. Scott said that
the fusion t of the several interests was
effected- for convenience and economy"
principally. One company would hereafter.
In place of the several, conduct the large
interests represented.
The narrow escape from death of Chief
Sullivan of ' the' Fire Department and his
telegraph operator~*on Thursday evening
In a collision with an electric car at the
corner of Grant avenue and Post, street
caused much discussion yesterday. It is
the consensus of opinion that if the fire
alarm whistles had been blowing the ac
cident would not .; have occurred. Those
who are in' favor of seeing the fire alarm
whistle again installed put forward the
argument; that when the whistles are
blowing. grlpmen. and motormen of street
cars become . cautious ; and are on \ the
lookout for; fire : engines, and officers hur
rying, in their buggies to the scene of the
blaze. , ¦ ¦
Chief Sullivan is in. favor of the fire
alarm whistle being abolished. He says
that San Francisco was the last city of
any size to do away with this system of
warning people that there was a fire
.burning in their city.: '. ,, ?•
"I think It was a good plan to abolish
the whistles,'' he said. ."A few nights
ago an alarm came in from the box at
Main and Bryant streets. It was simply
a case of the . wires - ; being crossed and
there .was no, fire -down there. ..We had
hardly returned home when a second a n d
a third "alarm came rtpm the same box.
The wires "were", eventually repaired and
we went home for good." : In this instance
if the whistles ; had been blowing ¦ we
would have had an enormous crowd down
there as the people would have I thought
that 'half the town was burning down.
Big' crowds at a fire are very much in
the '¦¦ way and greatly impede the firemen
in their work." .. '
Chief. Sullivan, however/ says that the
Harbor Commissioners are in favor of
the fire- alarm ." whistles and 'that they
have- already petitioned the Fire e Com
missioners to 'allow them to h,ave:a siren
placed in the tower of the ferry, building.
This whistle, if installed, is.. to connect
with" twenty-one.; firm alarm boxes on Ihe
' -An order has been issued by Chief.Witt
man directing, police officers to caution
gripmen and motormen .when there .is a.
fire and warn them to be on the alert.
¦- Of. -the 200 bonds those numbered from
304 to 334, held by E. A. Philips; the num
bers 356 to 45S and the bond numbered 300,
testified by PJiilips as being in the treas
ury-. and bonds numbered 297, 298, 299, 487
an<r 468, held -.by Clement and Judklns,
and such others as are in the treasury, of
the defendant railroad or in the posses
sion of J. J. Scribner. J.S. Emery, E. A.
Philips and F. M. Smith, or any other
persons are not: valid obligations of said
railroad- company, and all ' such' bond 3
should be surrendered, and canceled.
The report shows that first mortgage
bonds from -No. 1 to 270 inclusive and 471
to 545 Inclusive were issued by the de
fendants in accordance with the terms of
the mortgage, and that they are legal
and valid obligations. ' None of the ' re
maining 200 of said bonds from No. 271 to
470 1 inclusive were issued In accordance
"with the terms of the mortgage, and they
are not legal or valid obligations, except
such of. them as are held by persons who
in good faith and without notice and for
a valuable consideration acquired an own
ership.or interest in them. >"f ¦ "
United States Master in Chancery Hea
cock filed In th*e ' United States Circuit
Court yesterday" his findings and report
in the case of Charles R. Smith vs. the
California and Nevada Railroad et al.
The suit was brought for the appointment
of a" receiver for i the railroad and to re
strain it from transferring certain bonds.
The Central Trust Company of New York
also brought suit to foreclose, but the
bonds were not sold and the case, was re
ferred to the Master in Chancery to take
testimony and report findings:.
Wish to Place Whistle
in Ferry Building
/: Tower.
Declares Some California
and Nevada Railroad
Bonds Illegal,
SUPPOSED WALLA ' WALLA
VICTIM TURNS UP ALIVE
Broad wheeled around- arid' commenced
hammering Sullivan all over the ring. Sul
livan/ was barely, able to protect himself,
but finally managed to clinch and save
himself from what seemed an inevitable
knockout. When the round ended Sulli
van was barely able to stagger to his
corner. Sullivan resorted to clinching
again in the sixth and barely saved" him
self from a knoqkout as the fight ended.
The winner has been matched to meet
Benny Yanger at, the American Athletic
Club next Monday night. In the prelim
inary "Young" Mowatt won from
"Young" Sharkey in the second round.
The. fifth rqund was the best of the
fight. Both started in with vim and each
landed several telling blows. After about
a minute's fighting while they were stand
ing close together, exenanging swings.
Broad landed a hard right on Sullivan's
ear. Broad had the full force of his body
behind the blow and Sullivan fell to the
floor. He was barely able to get up at
the count. Broad for the second time
swung his right to Sullivan's ear. The
latter went down again and got up with
difficulty just as the referee raised his
hand for the count of ten. Broad, think
ing he had won the fight, turned toward
his corner. Sullivan rushed. at him and
landed a swing on Broad's Jaw. The blow
did little damage, however.
round contest to-night at the Illinois Ath
letic CJub. Constant clinching during the
last two rounds was all that saved Sulli
van from being knocked out. When the
fight ended he was on the verge of col
lapse and holding on to' Broad, who was
unable to shake him off and land a
knockout blow. The men met at catch
weights and Broad had at least six
pounds the better of it. This extra weight
began to tell after the first rounds, and
Broad landed vjith either hand about
where he pleased.
. The first two rounds were slow, neither
man showing much disposition to fight.
In the next round Broad began to force
the lighting and landed several heavy up
percuts on Sullivan's stomach. When the
round ended Broad went to his corner
looking tired. The fourth round was slow,
both men falling into clinches at every
opportunity and hammering each other on
the kjdneys.
HEACOCK FILES
HIS FINDINGS
Fifth Race — One and a. sixteenth miles: the
Adam Andrew selling stake; three-year-olds
and upward:
3170 Paul Clifford.. 100 3232 Sweet Tooth... 97
31fi4 Hbrton 102 <3211)Shell Mount... 85
3224 Constellator .. 00 "223 MacGyle . 99
<3219)Redwald 10T> 3212 Greyfeld 112
S225 Frangible 93 : ..„*_
Fourth Race — Mile and 100 yards; the Pa
cific handicap; three-year-clds and upward:
(3216)Com Forster. 02 <3223)Lapidus .104
3104 Colonial Girl.. 92 3212 Greyfeld 103
(3133)La Goleta ...10<» 3225 Frangible .... 95
Third Race— Six furlongs^ selling; three
year-olds and upward: »
(3161) Jacqueminot . 95) Black Dick ..119
3014 Oscar TolLe ..110 (;:211)Shell Mount...l04
3219 Vantlne . 117 2355 Bogus Bill ..119.
3210 Afghan 119 2570 Lento 104
rWade became serious and declared that
he.believed In these -words. ; Dalton: had
received spiritual :for/ several
weeks. - •¦ ¦' . v : - ¦ -¦¦'- '¦'
For. I am not ashamed of the gospel of
Christ;- for It; la -the power of ; God unto sal
vation to every one that belleveth. ' ":
Joseph Wade and B. H. Dalton mur
dered James B. Morrow, for 25 cents. Mor
row had been calling on a young . lady
friend and was on his way home about
midnight on November 14, when Wade
and Dalton stepped in front of him 'and
ordered him! to throw up his hands. Mor
row made a movement toward putting
his hands into his pockets and Wade
fired the fatal shot. • The murderers were
arrested three days later in a • lodging
house through; information given by the
woman who kept the house./ When ar
rested each man accused the other of
being the murderer, but after a few
weeks Wade confessed that he . himself
fired ths shot. .
Wade wa3 : born near Pittsburg, ' Pa.,
and 1 Dalton in Atlanta", '¦ Ga. Wade and
his victim '¦ were both under 21 years of
age; while Dalton was only . 23. 'On,
Wednesday ' Wade, (Who treated his I ap
proaching execution with levity, embraced
religion,' and, according to, a missionary
who has visited the prisoners, his con
version I was | due ! partly to the prayers
of his fellow-murderer Dalton and partly
to the reading of: a passage in Paul's
epistle to the Romans:
Murderers' Brutal Crime.
Dalton paused and Wade took a cigar
from his pocket and threw It into the
crowd. Several hands were reached for it
and "Jack" laughed when.4he spectators
failed to catch .the souvenir. Turning
aside, he grasped the noose which was
swinging by his head. He felt the rope,
pinched it as if to see if It were real
hemp, winked, smiled and laughed at the
spectators and said audibly: "It is
tough." - •
"Boys, I have only a few words to say,"
said Wade, stepping forward; "only a few
words to say, and I mean what I say.
Now," with eyes glistening with tears,
"don't any of you follow in the track, of
'Jack.' Now don't you do it! (determined
ly). You might think I am happy here.
I am not. I am here because I can't do
any better in this world. What would
life in Salem be to. me?" . ¦>
No one in the crowd felt dispose** to an
swer the question, and Wade turned to
his trap. Standing there, he again spoke:
"Don't none of you follow my tracks,"
ho advised.
Black caps were produced and at the
sight of -them Wade said:
"Good-by one and good-by all." .
The caps and nooses were then ad
justed. '
"Good-by, Jack," called Dalton^
"Good-by, Billy— good-by all," was the
snswGr ' ¦ ~" ' '
' At 7:58 o'clock Sheriff Frasier raised his
hand. Three unseen m.en. pulled three uh
seen ropes and Wade and Dalton dropped
to eternity.'
"Wade Gay, Then Cheerful.
"Though I received salvation behind the
bars," said Calton, "I glorify the name
of the Heavenly Father forever and for
ever. I do not know if my friends will do
as I do, but I do know that the Savior
who shed his nrecious blood for me will
bring me into trie house of life. ¦
"Temptation is the ruin of many a man
¦who cannot resist it," Dalton continued.
"I pray for you, my dear boys, and if
there is an infidel in this crowd I'll give
my life for his saving. I'll do it, I'll do
it, and I praise the Lord for giving me the
strength to say so."
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 31.— "Jack"
Wade and William H. Dalton, highway
men and murderers of James B. Morrow,
were hanged in the Courthouse square at
7:58 this morning. Both men walked to
the gallows without a tremor, ascended
the stairway and took their places at
their respective traps. Both were al
lowed to make statements.
Special Difpatch to The Call.
COMMISSIONERS
ASK FOR SIREN
Second Race— One and a quarter miles;
purse (hurdle); maiden four-year-olds and up
3108 Loyal S .....137 3143 El Arte 137
3220 Bonitary . . . ..135 , 310S Solano 137
3006 Master Lee ..137 1 301S Sea Song 137
George Parsons, the well known gentle
man rider, now a resident of New York,
was a visitor at the track yesterday.
The light-welghter J. Boggs delayed the
start for the handicap some time. As
the horses were on the way to the post
Boggs started off with midget Knapp,
running away three miles before conclud
ing to pull up.
Bob Smith was unlucky again. He sent
Articulate to the post for the first time
carrying his colors in the saddle, and in
his hurry Jake Holtman left the brown
colt at the post. '
The twelve stakes of the "Chicago
Jockey Club close on Tuesday, February
4. Horsemen can secure entry blanks
from "Jim" Norvell.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
-First Race — Four furlongs; purse; two-year
olds: ' * :
:tl(53 Minnie TrossellO.il 3161 Durazzo 10P.
3199 Adirondack ..110| K210 J. H. Bennett.100
3199 Prestolus 103 3144 Imp. Somenos.110
3163 Honiton. 107 "1S1 Organdie 107
3100 H. Chancellor. 100 3204 Escarola 103
Track Notes.
Murderers Daltbn and
Wade Are Hanged
in Portland. !
Races in New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 31.— Results
First race, six furlongs, selling — Small Jack
won. Gracious second, Faranassus third. Time,
1:18.
Second race. mile, selling — Leroy D- won, Jo
sie F second, Goldaga third. Time, 1:49.
Third race, steeplechase handicap, short
course — Cantadas won, Gassoon' second, Coley
third. Time. 3:17%.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling; — KUle
Bramble won. Pirates' Queen second, Wild Bess
third. Time, 1:34. ' .
Fifth race, gelling, one mile and an eighth —
Strangest won. Farmer Bennett second, Digby
Bell third. Time, 2:02%. - ¦ * ' ¦'
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Prestome won,
PaJarm second, Avator third. Time, 1:<9.
CONCORDIA, Kara., J»n. 31.— A. J. Patter
eon, convicted of embezzling $4000 in city
funds from the city of Clyde, of which he waa
treasurer, was to-day sentenced to three years
In the penitentiary.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31. — The Colorado Gold
and Silver Mining Company, capital $1,000,-
OO0, was incorporated at Trenton, N. J., to
day by Edwin D. Kennedy and John Swift of
New York and ."Worthlngton M. Jacobs of
Rutherford, N. J,
The many and extensive interests of the
several corporations in the State known
as the Scott & Van Arsdale companies
have been fused into one corporation •with
capital stock of $3,000,000.. This was ef
fected yesterday, when articles of incor
poration of the Scott & Van Arsdale Lum
ber Company were filed in the office of
the County Clerk in this city and in the
office of the Secretary of State at Sacra
ment. The incorporators are George w.
Scott of Alameda. W. W. Van Arsdale of
Siskjyou. F. C. Youngsberg of Alameda,
H. Cooley of Siskiyou. C. C. Smith of
Siskiyou. M. Harris of San Francisco and
George Kline of San Francisco. Each of
the ineorporators subscribes for $500 of
the stock of the new corporation.
Among the properties merged are the
Scott & Van Arsdale Lumber Company of
San Francisco, the Scott & Van Arsdale
box factories, the Scott & Van Arsdale
mercantile stores, the McCloud River
railroad, the McCloud River Lumber Com
pany and* the properties of the incorpora
tors at Stockton. The timber holdings of
the corporation are extensive, including
100,000 acres of sugar pine and white pine
EFFECT COMBINATION"
OF MANY INTERESTS
Scott & V?.a Arsdale Fuse Their Sev
eral Companies in Three Million
Dollar Corporation.
After the Sight Gardner naturally ex
pressed dissf.tisfaction over the outcome.
In order to bring about another meeting
between the two men. A'.ec Greggairis,
who represents him, offered to make a
match and will bet $2500 on the side. He
will mtet Lou Houseman, who represents
Root, and another meeting between the
men may be arranged.
There was a slight dispute when the
boxen entered the ring, as Root had
brought his own gloves out trom Chicago.
Gardner would not allow him to use them,
insisting on the club gloves, for which
each man had been measured. Root did
not press the matter.
Root was fceconded by Teddy Alexander,
Ed Holloy and "Western" Al Smith. In
Gardner's corner were Greggains, Jce Mll
lett and L>ave Barry.
In the first round Gardner was on the
aggresEive from the start. He seemed
Koot became the favorite ot the specta
tors in the first round. He was cool,
good natured and always ready for any
move on the part of his opponent. He
has a lightning right hand, which he
shoots out from any position in which he
may find himself.
Gardr.er did not seem nearly as pood
as when he fojigat Carter here in October.
i'rem the moment proceedings were open
ed m the first round be was over anxious
and was wild in his delivery. This is
partly explained by the fact that Hoot
proved immt-asureabJy faster than Carter
as a boxer. He seemed all over Gardner's
KBVti throughout the fight, rendering the
majority of his blows ineffective. In the
lirst round Hoot closed Gardner's left
eye. This practically rendered his left
hand poweness as he could not place> It
properly, many of his blows going wide
of the intended mark. Gardner v/as
vicious throughout but Root met all his
advances and proved thoroughly game.
Gardner Seems Overanxious.
The spectators cheered the decision,
cheered I'.cot and cheered the referee.
They hootc-i Gardner as he left the ring
to make his way to his dressing room.
It seemed in tne air after the nrst rouad
that one of the men would win on a
foul. They had been fighting but a few
ir.orr.cnrs when Root's seconds commenced
claiming a foul. In explanation of Gard
ner's methods Alec Greggains said after
the fight that with his abnormal reach
the Lowell nan is likely to hit low when
e winging for the body, but that at no
time v.as there any intentional fouling on
iiis part.
There was a fierce rally, when Root
suddenly went to the floor .apparently
writhing in agony. The house was in a
turmoil by this time, the spectators being
on their feet, yelling •'Foul!" "Foul!"
Referee Wand waited for several seconds,
and Rcot, stl.il remaining oil the canvas,
he declared hira the victor.
When the end came Gardner -was in dis
tress, and it seemed only a matter of a
ehort time when -Ire- must go down and
out. He opened proceedings in the last
round with a rush,' as is his custom, but
Koot met all his advances. Root tried a
right for the head, but was a little high.
In a mix-up In midrtng Gardner claimed
a foul, saying he had been hit low. The
claim was not allowed. Root sent his
right across twice and Gardner plainly
showed the effect of the blows.
foul. The blow which ended the
fight so unexpectedly was palpably a foul,
although it was possibly an unintentional
one.
JACK ROOT was awarded the deci
sion last night over George Gard
ner in the seventh. round of their
figiit in Mechanics' Pavilion on a
LAW TAKES TWO
LIVES FOR ONE
"In the semi-finals ".Miss. Smith defeated
Miss Brownell after a finematch by 2 up,
and Mrs. Foster beat Mrs. Seymour, 4. 'up
and 3 to play. Miss Smith and Mrs.'Fos
ter will meet ,for the . championship to-,
morrow afternoon. 1 ; • v > ••' : -. •:-. ; = '- ;'¦
9 «-H~H^^W~!~H^^^H-W'^4 •
Miss Ada Smith, San Diego, 03; Miss Brown
ell, Pasadena, 04; Mrs. F. H.. Seymour, City
of Mexico. 94; J. D. Foster, , Los Angeles, 96;
Mrs Jean W.. Bowers Los Angeles, 96; Miss
Mabel Hlggins, Pasadena, 90; Mrs. W. H.' Sad
ler, Colegrove. 99; Mrs. F..T. Griffith, 100, and
Miss M. Seymour, Redondo, .104. . ; ?
LOS ANGELES, > Jan. 31^— Only., nine
competitors started this morning at the
County Club for the woman's champion
ship of Southern California, but they in
cluded the best lady • exponents of the
game in this district. The present cham
pion, Mrs. Jean W. Bowers of Los An
geles, was unfortunately taken ill after
the qualifying round- in the morning and
was forced to abandon the contest. The
scores at thirteen holes, medal play, to
decide the four players for the semi
finals in match play,, were: ' - .>• :.
Miss Smith and Mrs.
Foster. . •
FAIB GOLFERS; MEIJTr ' ; :¦ j i
FOR THE .'CHAMPIONSHIP
Southern Contest Narrows Down to
For the first time the colors of L. V.
Bell flashed by the stand in front, the
occasion being the . capture of the con
cluding race of the day by Sweet Tooth.
Tommy Burns rode the colt, and he fairly
breezed in before Varro and old Wolhurst.
From even money the winner's odds fell
to 3 too.
jf'avontes aid not fare exceedingly^*. well
during the ,at^erno6n,:Sweet Tooth,- ownu'l
by tne New. York turfman, L.'.' Y.-Bell,
being the only one to earn brackets. iJiUy
L,yons, wnicn.,won .some weeks - agb a.t
otios of luo to 1, . ran secdna to ¦ cougar.
wun tne ring laying ¦ 15 to "L ¦ ' . ¦-. ¦
Closing at oaas oi 5^4 to l, "John' Peters,
.the Schorr entry, won all tne way in the
opening event, a six-iujlong selling sprint.
Quiet, .the lavorite, riaaea Dy Tommy
burns, got- a very poor send oh;, but uiftier
nard naing.naDueu Annie Max in time to
take- the place.; A dozen barters jacea
tne barrier.'- j] "'. -. .•. '' '
BirKenruth, who has been on the sick
list for "some time past .'and has not re
gained his best iorm, could do nothing at
all with ArtUla, tavorite for the mile and
a furlong attain She is a difficult mare to
ride r anu dicl.not nnish in the- money.
Kanscn astride Cougar,, a & to ,1 shot,
made all the pace,: Dealing Billy .Lyons, u
loo to 1 shot, witn ease, til ivildo,- at U
lo 1 ran third. T -. » ¦ .. ¦. -
No one tnought Mission capable of car
rying ill pounds and doing anything
wortny of note," so the ring laid 10 to i
against tne gelaing in the oetting on the
nuie selling run. With, Bullman up he
made all tne running and eventually won
riaden out Irpm Constable ana .King.Del
lis. Quadra, the 8 to 5 favoritK, pilpiea by
little Willie Knapp, and carrying but
eignty-nlne pounds, ran a disgraceful
race, i never, showing any gpeed 3 to
speak of.
• It seems about time that Mounce dis
covers the tact that he Is not a success
rating horses when participating in the
shorter sprinting distances. He had the
leg up on The Giver, favorite over Josle
G- for. the six furlong purse run, and the
Idaho youth made a grand botch 'of it.
With Josie G sailing along in the lead
Mounce took the favorite back. When
the stretch was reached he sat down to
ride and might as well have tried to
catch' tlie Berkeley local train. Josle G
scampered 1 in first by three lengths, while
The Giver lost the place by a like dis
tance to Royal' Rogue. If Mounce has no
idea of pace he should not take such lib
erties with horses. His intentions are
good, but in many instances the execu
tion is very bad.
T/and a'half furlongs, won by Prin
cess TJtanla 1 , a. ninety-five .-pounder. ; : On
paper « .the*- ' mare^'looked 'a legitimate 8 T to
5 chance, still because of la health^-J-play
on, Hagerdon, Sly and Kenilw6rth/6' to 1
could behad against tier.*. Although asked
to; pick up 126 pounds, Kenilworth went :to
the post favorite. }. Mounce ;tried- his hand
at rating": the latter, making a slgnaltfail
ure of it. : At, the- start, -Princess .Titania,
piloted , by» Jackson, .just missed getting
left at the' post, 'arid- looked out of It frqm
the jump/ Hagerdon; the. heaviest backel
horse in the event," raced . away - iii>- the
lead; setting a hot clip and turning into
the stretch' first" by. more than -a length.
Jackson saved.lost ground by. nursing the
Princess along on /the .-."rait y. and, finally
overhauling ; Hagerdon, • disposed " of J .the
good /thing lay f more i than • a - length; y.th'e
distance being' covered in 1 :20Yi." j oe Frey
nosed out- Sly: for v show' honors.'- -Articu- ;
late was left.' • ' "•.'•• : - : .' ¦••..%>"'...¦.;••
sfc RQB ABL»Y> no ; one .particular, event
I jj called for, any livelier speculating
r=*7 .at- Oakland*; track ' yesterday' than
jJL -% th&- San" Ramon handicap at six
The affair has attracted widespread at
tention owing to the ; prominence of the
association in the w»rld of athletics."
President Hinchman and the- officers; of
the association will; press, the inquiry; in
order to fix the responsibility for any
wrong which may have. been committed.
"This is all an. unfortunate mistake,"
said 'Mr. . Bockman ' yesterday^ "It ..has
all pome about' owing to the fact. that: the
annual meeting was never held as .the
laws' of the association 'provide.' rl ¦ was
ready to present my reports,, but was no,t;
afforded an opportunity; ' These ;. reports
would, show that all ; my' accounts were
straight and; that. there, was a small bal
ance duo -me. -" ' '"<¦. -. .•>¦_¦ ¦¦ .• •-. '..• : ; ,
"The members of the former registra
tion committee decided ¦ to -charge Morris
Levy $20 for a' ; sanction fee and he has
my receipt, for the -money. It was ex
pended in the interest of the association.
As ¦ to the registering '¦ of boxers/ it was
decided at the timeHthat they- should : be
kept apart from .the other. amateurs, "as
they were ' not considered in the' same
category. ¦ • > . ¦' ':¦ '/,- ¦ •',-' ;. '¦ • ¦ -\ :. . T< \
, "The bulk of. the work' of ;the icommit
tee fell on my shoulders . and I devoted
much time to -the work without satisfac
tory results. The present muddled'con
dition of affairs will be cleared up at the
next meeting.".. '; • . ,.' : .'" • ¦ '¦ ,' ;
: As; an outcome of the sensational meet
ing of the Pacific. Association, of tha'Ama
teur Athletic Union, held in ' the Olympic
Club night, 'President < W.' B.
Hinchmari yesterday preferred j charges . ot
professionalism against J. R^ Bockman,
ex-president of the association. The mat
ter will be thoroughly, threshed >out at a
meeting of the association <to be held on
the 13tn inst.-: ;.-,-*. <W;.^ .: '. >
Another Stormy Inning- -fo^ — Josie G
: ; Beats 1^ Third.
'-} : v:Swfetr Tooth E^feat|§l^ Drops In
Officers of M he -I Pacific Asso
: ciatiqn ;' to * Hold- Rigid
r:*~ Investigation of
PRINCESS TITANIA ALMOST LEFT
AND THEN WINS THE HANDICAP
ATHLETES ARE
STARTLED BY
DISCLOSURES
JACK ROOT WINS FROM GEORGE GARLVNER ON A FOUL
Phil Wand Stops Proceedings and Ay/ards the Decision to Roo-.
Fight Is a Rough-ahd-Tumble Affair>Throughoutthe ; Contest
End Comes Unexpectedly in the Round, ..."When Referee
CHICAGO BOXER TOO CLEVER
FOR CONQUEROR OF CARTER
PRINCIPALS IN LAST KIGKT'S SENSATIONAL FIGHT INMECHAN
" ICS' PAVILION, WHICH WAS AWARDED TO ROOT BY REFEREE
WAND ON A FOUL,
over-anxious," and apparently wanted to
land one blow that would take some of
the steam out of his opponent. Root
backed away for a time and seemed per
fectly cool and collected. He escaped
G-ardnfer's wild swings and then came
back at him with some hard jabs in the
face. Just before the round closed Root
cut Gardner's eye and sent a stinging
right to the body.
Gardner was first to get in action in the
second round, scoring right and left to
the body, but doing no damage. Root com
menced to play for Gardner's sore eye
and did not Improve either its beauty or
its usefulness. Root sent In a right cross
to the chin for a knockout, but it just
missed its mark. This was clearly Root's
round, as he did by far the most effective
work.
The betting, which had been 10 to 7 on
Gardner, shifted to 10 to 8 on Root. The
third round was full of rough work on
both sides, Root's seconds claiming a foul
several times.
Gardner knocked Root down i early in
the fourth round and, thinking fhe had
him on the down grade, went at him vi
ciously. Root came back strongly and
soon had Gardner in distress. Root tried
several times for his right swing, but the
blow missed its intended target. The
men were exchanging blow for blow as
the bell signaled the end of the round.
Gardner was getting desperate and
missed a wild swing for the head, taking
a hard one In return. Root followed this
up with two rights to the body. Ha
failed to land a right cross, but sent »a
hard uppercut under Gardner's guard:
Referee Wand warned Gardner for hang-
Ing on In the clinches after he had been
ordered to "break." • . ¦ - -» . - '
The Pavilion was In a turmoil through
out the sixth round. Root claimed a foul ;
saying Gardner was hitting him low. The
spectators sided with Root and hissed and
groaned at Gardner. They kept this up
throughout the minute interval.
After the fight the referee, said. he had
overlooked some minor fouls, warning the
men to be careful. He could not overlook
the one in the seventh and gave the fight
to Root •
Jack Dean and Gua Saulsburv fought
ten earnest but Ineffectual rounds In the
first preliminary. It was declared a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, "PEBRMRY 1; 1902.
9
i Hunter J
1 Baltimore Rye 1
* kctwaml The perfect typ© of J
¦^ K^*' lira
? sSrM Aiticricati
* ticntlcman's J
I &8®jmk wbiskey i
| Aiway B s Bils} 1
| m ) Test j
-K CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION Co!. Jf
-k Inc., 223-223 California St..- San . ¦+
•+C .-.."- Francisco, Cal. ¦ X
-k ¦;..'¦ Telephone Main 873. . J
*¥*¥^HHRr^¥*^HHr****JChess and Checkers Tournament
A meeting of .the members of the Me
chanics' Institute interested In chess and
SAN DIEGO/ Jan. 31.— H. ; P. Whitney,
one- of the oldest citizens? of this city
died last , night.-' . .
H.-P. Whitneyl
PORT TOWNSEND, Jan: 31— The schooner
W'lll lam Olsen,' after a tempestuous voyage of
twenty-neven days - from • San ' Pedro, ' arrived
here to-day. - .- . •
.-¦-..-.-'- ¦ .
SPOKANE. Jan.' '31.— GeorKie M):ter. aged
10 years, die 3 In this city to-day, as a result
of . injuries . received ¦ on : Wednesday. • He had
hitched his. sled to a milkman's wacon.;iOn
turninsr. a corner '. he was drawn" atatnst a
wheel . of : the i wagon, ' his leg , passing between'
the spokes.- Before: the wagon could be stopped
his lee. was ground to a pulp. " -'. ¦ •
:':'¦ ;:• .-"*.¦.'•.''¦*"; -:\ - . A ' . ¦
'/; SONOMA. Jan. 31:— The store of P. Duhrlnc
& Co. was entered by burglars early th!a
morning. The thieves sot (1U. several razors
a pistol and several watches. ¦ ,
SANTA ANA. Jan. 31.— James It. < McCloud
of Tustin died at his home yesterday from In
juries received by being .- kicked In ¦ the ao
domen by a horse on Tuesday afternoon H
was 55 years of age. BftHta
BOSTOX. Jan. 31.— The United States Clr
cult Court has issued a decree ordering that
Theophllua Kins. William H. Barnard 1 and pS
mund S. Putney, receivers of the Eureka Silk
Company. Bell the property and assets of thS
concern at auction in this city on March -
The company has mills In. Canton. Mass and
property in Boston. New York. Cincinnati Cht
cago and E^ist Hampton. Conn. "" al ».
GKKAT FALLS. Mont.. Jan. 31.— Ordera
havt been received here directing that work hi
R«^ ed .w l fc t J M i BurHn/ton extension from
BlUlnjs, which is intended to connect that ava.
tern with the Great Northern here, ,"T
. . - - ' •
Licensed to Marry,
OAKLAND, Jan. 3L— Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day to. Matthew El»
wood, 58, and Hannah Byrne, 45, both of
Oakland; Anthony M. Pereira, 24, Oak
land, and Annie de Mattos, 16, , Moraga
Valley: William E. Pelton. 39. and Edith
M. Klopp. 24,.both of San Francisco.
. EAST LIVERPOOL, O., Jan./ 31.— Rev.
Wllliam.Hastlngs of Toronto, O., the man
to. whom'. Abraham ¦, Lincoln presented : a
jackknife because .his face 'was' homelier
than .that-, of .^the martyr ~ President, Is
dead. Hastings • was a . powerful and dis
tinguished, preacher. „.
The Rev. : "William Hastings.
"HELENA. Mont... Jan. 31.-The town of
Clancy, , between „ Helena . and Butte on
the ; Great Northern, is > burning v and ' lat
est reports Indicate, that every structure
in the town will be. consumed Details
are very meager,- the telephone operator
having had to leave; the instrument be
cause of the heat. \The loss will be heavy
Clancy la i a town of 600 , people .. and the
cold weather prevailing will cause in
tense suffering. • .
Great Fire" in Montana Town.
Edward R/ Fogerty, well known in' po
lice . circles, gave*' Sergeant Wolf, of the
Seventeenth street station a '¦¦ lively run
out San Bruno road yesterday; afternoon
Fogerty had'in his possession a horse and
buggy which hetried.to sell to a black
smith on the San Bruno road.'. Thoblack
smith became suspicious - and- -informed
Sergeant .Wolf. A gentleman accompanied
by a lady, drove up and informed the
sergeant that they met a man out on the
a w answering Fogerty.'s : description
Wolf borrowed a team and gave chase'
overtaking Fogerty as he .was nearing the
county line. Fogerty was" placed under
arrest and lodged in jail.
Tried to Sell j the Horse.
-President. W. H. Goff; .vice president, M.
Casey ; | recording and . corresponding ¦ secretary,
Ed Rosenberg: financial secretary, P. H. Coyle;
treasurer, "J.* A. Johnson; sergeant-at-arms. F.'
Johnson; trustees; Helen Block;, Charles Schup
pert. 1 R. I. Wlsler; law and' legislative com
mittee, ¦ J. Bowlan. S. Grubb,,J/ K.- Jones,* W.
Macarthur, R. I. AVIsler: executive committee,
M. tV. Coffey. J. F. . Fo*arty, . William - Me-
Cabe/M. J. Sullivan, L. AVallensteln. M. Wllle,
Thomas Wright:' organizing ' committee— H.
Gallagher. H. ¦ L.' Grimmer,^ Charles Melrose,
Lizzie Ryan. T.,E.Zant. . .
, . At . the semi-annual meeting "of the San
Francisco Labor Council held " last night
the following. ofilcers were elected for the
ensuing; six months: ' ' •" ¦?
Labor, Council's Officers.
The Board of Public Works met yes
terday and granted the Atchi3on. Topeka
and Santa Fe Railway Company permis
sion to fill In to the official grades In con
nection with the reclamation of China
Basin, portions of Kentucky. Fourth Il
linois, Michigan, Georgia. Merrimac Ala
meda and El Dorado streets. The board
recommended to the Supervisors that the
grades be established.
The board awarded to the City Street
Improvement Company the contract for
extending the Sunset District sewer at a
cost of $29,000. The main sewer will h«
built to Twenty- fourth avenue, thence tn
Golden Gate Park, where the sewage win
be utilized as a fertilizer. * l
Grades on Adjacent Streets.
the Establishment of Official
Board of Public Works Recommends
SANTA FE COMPANY
£0 PILL IN CHINA BASIN
LONDON.' Feb. l.-Wlring from Brus
sels, the correspondent of the Standard
says that the international sugar confer
ence has been charged ' by the Belsrian
Government to frame a new treaty abol
ishing all kinds of sugar bounties and in
stalling under the presidency of the Be'
gian Prime Minister, Count Smet de
Naeyer, . a permanent International com
mittee empowered to inflict- fines not ex
ceeding half a million francs on the eov
ernments. offending against this treaty
Abolishing^.' Sugar'; Bounties.
Charles Quinn, who keeps* a hat store
on Third street, was ordered by • Judga
Graham yesterday to pay his wife. Mar
garet Quinn, $40 per month alimony pen
dente lite. •
F. H. Kimball was ordered to pay $25 a
month alimony to Minnie L. Kimball.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Mary A. Giannotti from Dsmenico Giap
notti" for failure to provide • and ¦ Lottie
"White from' John A. White for desertion.
A suit for. divorce' was filed by Minna
L. Caraff a against John , B. Caraff a for
cruelty. ". : •• ¦ J \
Abbie Rhoades, in a suit for divorce
filed yesterday . against Charles Rhoaded,
accuses her husband of treating her in a
cruel and inhuman manner. They keep a
restaurant at 111 Taylor street.
Gertrude Alice Smith, who was married
to Ellis Smith at Fresno just a year ago,
tiled a suit for divorce yesterday. She al
leges failure to. provide and desertion.
Mrs. Annie Teresa Herve is suing her
husband, William. A.. Herve, for 41vorce
on the ground of cruelty. They were
married in this city In 1890. According to
the complaint, Herve has during the last
seven years been Intoxicated several
times a. month, and whiie under the in
fluence of liquor has beaten and abused
Ms wife. . ¦ -
Air Their Grievances in Court.
President, C. E. Grunsky; • vice president
Otto von Geldern; second vice president H
Denker; recording secretary. William HeU
mann; financial secretary, M. A. Bertheau-
L r , e^f U^-,,, Fred C - Sle *> e : : directors— Samuel
H. Guueit Fahrenkru »- Dr -. *< Gutsch and
The action of the committee came up
for ratification last evening and . created
much; discussion. It appears that the
architects who did not . receive prizes for
their labors are disgruntled and have
made a demand upon the society for re
muneration. It now devolves upon the
fhill 110 *'*^ t « he sodety.to -say whether
these architects have a just claim. In
the meantime further plans will be ad
vertised, for and the society, expects to
erect a modern hospital.
The report submitted by the , president
was an interesting one. It showed that
the society s assets had increased $9627 14
and that the total assets of the organiza
i&'L™" 6 $56>902 ° 6 ' During the past year
$20,600 was paid out - in charities. The
membership of the 'society is 3370. -
The annual election of officers resulted
1 The attorneys for the, German General
Benevolent Society have an ¦ interesting
question to decide for the members of
that organization.' .It developed at the
annual meeting of the society last night
that the committee appointed to secure
plans for a' new German Hospital and
award prizes • to those architects who
merited them concluded that the plans
submitted did not ; reach the . standard.
Instead of awarding 'the five prizes of
fered to the competitors, the committee
awarded but two second -prizes of $1000
each to the architects who submitted the
best plans. . - -
Members of the German
Benevolent Society in
a Quandary.
The City Attorney also advised tha
board that the claim presented by S. Har
rison Smith, aggregating $5776.30. should
be rejected, excepting that known as the
"Mission-street Survey claim," for $1041.10.
which must be paid out of the surplus
fund. . '
When city property is included within lands
proposed to be acquired for park purposes the
city's property need not be Included In the de
claratory ordinance.
It Is not necessary to declare the necessity
of acquiring the Improvements on lands pro
posed to be acquired.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday regarding the preliminary steps to
be taken In the matter of submitting: the
questions of the acquisition of public util
ities and the purchase of Improvements
to the people at a bond election. Accord
ing to the opinion, the declaratory ordi
nances- already passed are nugatory, be
cause plans and estimates on the Im
provements were not obtained. New or
dinances will therefore have to be passed
after the legal requirements are complied
with. The opinion says:
The plans and estimates for any public util
ity must come from the Board of Works and
shall come to the Supervisors through the City
Engineer.
The Board of Supervisors, and not a com
mittee of the board, must request plans,, esti
mates and appraisement's by resolution ap
proved by the Mayor.
The completed plans must be- actually filed
with the Supervisors before the board can act
upon the essential declaratory ordinances As
a special election must be called In two weeks
after final publication the time would be insuf
ficient to obtain such plans.
".STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 31-
One of -the . Important . results of Mrs
Stanford's ; last trip abroad will be seen
next Monday when the Stanford Museum
will be again opened to the public. No
visitors have been admitted during the
past six weeks, because a large force of
workingmen has been placing in order
numerous collections of antique relics
curloa and art- specimens procured In for
eign countries by, the university's bene
factress. .,'¦"<;'...;:
.The two large* annexes to the museum
which were built over two years ago are
now being used for the first time— one
being devoted to the natural history de
partment •; and , the other containing the
Egyptian and; Roman relics. A great
many specimens of Roman art have been
purchased and these will be unpacked and
put m place soon after Mrs. Stanford's
return from the East, v •
•One of the. most valuable relics' that
have. been acquired by the museum is an
immense vase of Egyptian alabaster. The
vase, with its marble pedestal, stands
more than eight feet high, the bowl It
self being four feet in height and three
in diameter. It is the work of two Egyp
tian brothers who carved and polished the
beautiful vase, with its arms of intertwin
ing serpents, from a huge block of stone
and presented»lt to the famous Pope
Gregory XIII in the sixteenth century
The relic was inherited from the pontiff
by his relatives, and Mrs. Stanford pur
chased it from some of the descendants
of the family. It is, therefore, of great
historic : as well as artistic value.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Things did not loojc quite so flourishing
down at the Grand Opera-house for,; th*
symphony as at Uhe . Hofmann. recital,
though the. house might have been ; mucb
worse under the circumstances. The pro.
•gramme.wns : quite given- over, to .the
moderns,- ..with ;the. exception of the
."Frelschutz" overture, Dvorak's v'.'New
World"- symphony,' Tschatkowsky's "Nut
cracker Suite," and Lalo's -."Rhapsodle
Espagnol,"' being the afternoon's bill '. of
fare. Least worthy of the "symphonies
that "; have. -been "given; though .rsplen
dldly,.:-. picturesque. In— .spots, - Dvorak's
"New World", symphony leaves'one -un
satisfied:.. Not so- the rendering,- that; in
cluded perhaps . better . work than . the
Steindorff,: orchestra has\yet done.-. This,
was particularly noticeable In. the Largo
and also , in the last movement; where
some ."excellent climaxes were : obtained.
, The playing of . the Largo showed an
appreciable gain in- the ensemble' spirit,
in that nicer sympathy -that Is the- fruit
of long- effort, "and as a ;test' of 1 the on
going.: of .the" orchestra was- highly en
couraging. . >The ,next-i programme to
take place ' on .the'; afternoon of February
.14,': is, as -follows:' - ."« . : - '
Symphony^ B minor (unfinished) . . . . . ; Schubert
Overture, ¦ "The Life 'for the' Czar"; :...'.. Glinka
Serenade >'.''.'. ¦ .'. : .". .'. : ". .'.; ¦. .-. : iS.v Jadassohn
Phaeton. * symphonic poem V.V.C." Salnt-Saens
The second recital of' Josef Hofmann
given yesterday afternoon at the Colum
bia Theater brought out an : even ¦ larger
and vastly more enthusiastic crowd . than
greeted the young virtuoso, at his first re
cital. "Not being a bird, I- couldn't be. in
two places at once," as Sir. Boyle Roche
says, and I missed . half of ¦ the,. Hofmann
recital while listening to "New
World" symphony , down at the Grand
Opera-house. But I did not; miss the Ru
binstein "Barcarolle" that was fcivenwith
a limpid purity of tone, an exquisite-sym
pathy and repose . that made " the one
number worth coming miles .-. to ' hear. -It
has been said that > though 'Mr. Hofmann
is eclectic in his sympathies he plays- a
better Rubinstein' than any other com
poser, and it looks that way. The "Bar
carolle" was a gem, perfectly
perfectly rendered.. I was ; also :in . time
to hear the Chopin Polonaise in A minor,
with its brilliantly handled^ octaves ¦ and
splendid swing. And the two ; Polish
songs in G flat major and G major' that
followed, the latter dear to us here from
Mme. Sembrich's exquisite version, : were
rendered .with delicate charm and." dis
tinction. Chopin, particularly.- in his more
heroic mood, is, especially grateful to',hls
brilliant young /countryman.' and yet , an
other is Liszt, ~whose somewhat thin-py
rotechnics, in the. "Second Rhapsody,"
played for all they -were worth by; the
artist, "closed the programme.'. But -. Mr.
Hofmann was bravoed Into giving an en
core, afterward, the third of the after
noon. '¦ - " " • ¦¦¦-¦''
The sucess of the recitals has been such
that two extra, performances have "been
decided >. upon on Mr. Hofmann's ' return
to the city, . to take place, at Metropoli
tan Temple on the evening of ..Wednes
day, February 12, and onl: the * afternoon
of Saturday, February, 15. Two ; excellent
programmes have been provided. ' ' "
By Blanche Partington.,*
BOARD MUST SECURE
PLANS FOE UTILITIES
AHBHITECTS SAY
FOR RECOMPENSE
Josef Hofmann Arouses
Enthusiasm of Audi- L
ence.
Mrs. Stanford Brings
Rare Curios From
Abroad.
iTiey haa evidence that in the first
century people were not only cruel to the
foreigner, but they ostracized and shut
him out of the community to which he
had come for asylum. There was a bar*
rier maintained between the Christian' and
the Jew in early time3 with the object of
keeping out the customs of the Israelite
and in this connection the lecturer demon
strated a condition in Spain, where the
Jewlsn community had proved their value
as agriculturists, but they were not wel
come m spite of the immense benefit they
t0 , lh e country for the reason
o } 5n pe °P le were becoming supporters
and followers of the Jewish faith
?t^fi^ aU -i i l1 jarful persecution con.
iv ? . .'J a] ? the 1<?cturcr . notwithstanding
' e a^ th e Jew enriched the literature of
bpain and contributed, as no other people
had cone, to her sciences and her art.
les. said he. Spain»had persecuted them
most vigorously and relentlessly. Oe
Castro, one of the foremost statesmen of
his time in Spam, predicted that with her
persecutions Spain would sink to the low
est rank of nations.
Rabbi Voorsanger addressed a large as.
pembly last evening at the Congregation
?iSf n ?" EI^ hte EU , b^ Ct beIn * relation"
ship of rnodcrn civilization to modern re
ligion. He showed the difference of the
conception of the relation of man to God
In antiquity and how it gradually evolved
to its present state. He also pointed out
TJiat the arts and sciences came from re.
ijrion.
The priest in olden times, said the rabbi
was the doctor, the lawyer, the one to
whom the people looked to for all advice
snd spiritual and material assistance.
The priest s functions changed with the
march of time and all the arts that he
practiced became the arts of many there
fore religion was the foundation of civil
ization—the commencement of It
The world took what they have to-dav
from the man of God-from the priest •
As to. the supposed mystification of re
ligion he strenuously denied that such an
*lement as mystery existed around it
People of to-day could not be mystified
There was no mystery behind their ark'
nor behind their doors, which were wide
oppn that all might enter the house of
God. And there was no mystery in their
prayer.
When people said- that the world was
being destroyed they had no right /o as-
Fume that because of the skepticism of
to-dav there was to be a darkness. That
condition could never be, for they would
never be without God.
And. said the doctor, the same applied
to political fanaticism— there was each a
thing as political zeal running riot. Men
became monomaniacs on a' subject' which
caused tnem to exclude all other matters
lor that one idea. In olden times the.
people looked upon their religion and the
fctate as one ana they grew to be rigorous
and cruel in their attempt to exclude for
eign influence. ™
The Rev. Dr. Nieto delivered an elo
quent lecture to the members of Con
gregation Sherith Israel last evening in
which he demonstrated the evils of fanat
icism with which the human race has had
to contend for centuries. None, he said,
were more oppressed in the years that
have gone by than the Jew. He was a
victim of the fanatic There was nothing
more dangerous than fanaticism for it
brought ruin in its trail. -It was nothing
more nor less than zeal run riot.
Health Officer O'Brien stated that It
was necessary to provide, a suitable build
ing to accommodate patients. •. . , ¦ •
The committee recommended .that the
board appropriate $5000 to build an addi
tion to the present hospital.
"Our protests, both orally and writ
ten." said Dr. Todd.' "have been directed
against establishing a smallpox hospital
in the Bay View district, and. the rest
dents are almost unanimously opposed to
the/ plan." . .
Chairman D' Ancona stated that it was
necessary to - provide suitable accommo
dations to house unfortunate patients. .
A letter was "read from Congressman
Kahn stating that the chances for the
passage of a bill establishing a leper col
ony in Hawaii, were exceedingly remote.
D'Ancona said he would never vote to
establish a smallpox hospital on the sec
ond site offered the city by the Bay View
Land Company, as . it was too far away
and the roadway required to be built
would cost $5600. ¦•¦¦.- » •
The Supervisors' Health Committee met
yesterday to consider the petition of the
Board of Health that the Partridge tract
in the Bay View farm be purchased as
a site for a smallpox hospital. A num
ber of owners of property in the vicinity
of the proposed site addressed the com
mittee In opposition to the hospital. In
its petition the Health Board stated that
the objections "of the - property owners
only appertained t6 the Intention to build
a hospital ; for lepers ' on the site. - This
statement was contradicted by Dr. D. B.
Todd, who said -that objections were
made to any hospital. .
WTLL ENLARGE HOSPITAL
FOR CONTAGIOUS DISEASES
Dr. Nieto Tells of Hate
That Beset Jews
in Spain.
MEMBERS OF THE.EBEL.Li SO
CIETY WHO WILL APPEAR
IN VAUDEVILLE.
ANCIENT RELICS
IN THE MUSEUM
v ; : — : : •!•
schwung (Schumann). Miss Emllle Gnauck:
song, "The Sands o* Dee" (F. Clay) Miss Bes
irhn n trt^ eI ~ Lothrop; piano. Nocturne
, (Chopin) Miss Grace Smith; song, Pepa (Las
sen), Hiss Eugenia" Ley; violin. Polonaise
(Meuxtemps), Rudolph Buchly; song. Belected.
rtnvT i ep f, nd A p!ano> Ca Prtce (Moszkow-
EKl), Miss Emilie Gnauck.
Howard A. Welsh, James Welsh, Miss Gene
vieve McUovern, Dr. J. A. McGough, Miss Kath
eryn McGouch, Eugene Carroll, Miss A. Sulli
van, J. A. Dowllnu, Mr. and Mrs. Charles H.
Cau'lfleld.^I. Shechan, Miss M. Sweeney, Louts
J-.. Burnham, Miss J. Manning*. Miss Doggett,
J. A. Cussen, Misa G. Cussen, Miss N. Mbngan,
P. Kelly. Miss A. Kelly, Miss F. Jones. T.
HiBKins, W. A. Lynch, Mrs. W. A. Lynch.
P. Matthews, Miss A. Rlley, O. Knock, Miss
F. Riley. F. J. Redmond, Mr3. Redmond, M.
Castro, Miss E. Farmer, J. .Kenney, Miss A.
Sweeney. E. Schaub..P. J.. Farrell, W. Cusick,
Miss IS. -O' Nell, J. M. McGough, Mrs. J. M.
McGough, Miss Anna Cotter, Miss Agatha Cot
ter, J. A. Orr. Miss F. Orr, Mrs. -H. Jackson,
Colonel J. C. O'Connor, Mrs. J v C. O'Connor,
Miss L. O'Connor. H. F. Ingerson, F. T. Gon
zales, D. Torr«s, Miss D. Seymour, A. Artl
gues. Miss Artigues, H. Stafford, T. F. Wise,
Mrs. C. Ivancovlch, Miss' I vancovlch, H.. Sul
livan, Mrs. Sresovich, Miss • Sresovlch, Miss
Scott,, Miss White, Miss L.-Whlte. Miss Louise
Mitchell, Miss Kate Farrell. A. D. • Fraser. L.
Van Ktrk, Miss Van Kirk. W. Sloan, Mis-
Llzbeth Sloan, W. Enrlght, Miss | Enrlght,- Mrs.
A. J. : Wlskotchill; Miss Annie Roblnaon, Frank
Biedeman, James" Coffey, James .Rlordan, F.
E. Jones. H.' M. Simmons, < Miss ;Dunn, Ed
Convey. '• H.-Donesran. -A. W. Dollard, Miss L.
E. McAuHfTe. Frank Gongalez. Miss C. Bevard,
J. .A. Flood. J. A. Hancock. L. M. Derrick,
the Mloaes Derrick, J. V. Gleason. J. Campo
donlca, F. J. Lawlctr, G. W.' Morrissy,. W.
Sullivan, M. J. Costello. Miss D. Farrell, Miss
Anna Farrell, ,W. C. Martinez.', J. 'Martinez,
Mr.' Heller. W. J. . Hamilton, J. M. -Hayden;
Miss F. -Connor. H. Mahoney. A. E. Fisk. Miss
Nan Oi*TJ. J. Kincswell. Miss M. Kuigswell.
J. A.'Fitzpatrlck, P. J. Gibbon, Miss K. Gib
bon.-B. J. Lycett, Miss McGrath. W. Joseph
Glldeaux, Miss H. L. V/ynne. L. Young, Miss
L. Schuman, J. B. Queen, W. J. B. Queen,
Miss . Oueen, Thomas Grennan. F. Scully, J.
Bennett; '• H; 'Plunkett,. Miss . McLauKhlln. P.
Maussaim, Miss M. Horn, H. L. Nagel,' Miss
J. C. Nagel, L. -Valencia, Miss J. Valencia,
J. D. Dwyer, the. Misses Dwyer,- J. R. . Kent
7.el and wife. M. Cousin. Miss Cousin, Will J.
Radlgan, MIks S. Radlgan, MIes M. Radlsan.
Thomas D. SDlllane. J. Duhelau, E. ; J."- Con
way. ' Miss .M. Conway. Miss Convey, F. U.
Staff, J: Flynn, James McFarland, William H.-
Harvey, • William • D. • Heynes. P. Kavanaugh.
Miss E.- Cooney.- William .Wilson, Dr. William
C. Hopper.' Miss M. Gaffney, A: H. Quatman,
B. J. Hyland, John M. Hyland.'. Mrs. J. M.
Hyland.F. E.; Tanner, ; Mrs. F. E. . Tanner. T.
D. McCarthy, , J. P. Donohue, Miss A. Ma
honey. ; Dr. A. H. Glannlnl. Leo Gonzales, ¦ Ed
Smith, -L. Sullivan -and .M.- Castro. -
J. McCusker. Frank Gonzales, Dr. J. H.
O'Connor, , W. K. Humphrey. William Mc-
Carthy. P. F. McCarthy, P. J. Farrell, Dr.
W. Hopper. Reception committee — W. c.
Keogh Near Power. \V.- E. 'Dom, Thomas F.
Ryan, P. N. McCarthy, J. J. Clifford, R. E.
Martinez, Charles Caulfield, Benjamin Mc-
Kinley, Martin Keogh, Dr. E. R. Hanlon.
' .Those yresent were:
Committee of arrangements — John D. Ma
honey, Dr. J. A. McUaugh, -Harry Byrnes,
James McCormlck. " A. Hv Artlguea, Joseph
Redmond, Fred E. Farmer, A. W. Dollard,
W. A. O'Leary, A. Quatman, E. L. O'Connor,
D. C. Deasy. Floor manager, William A. Kelly;
assistant floor • manager, William J. Rattigan.
Floor committee — K. J. Dallard, J. A. Orr,
' The anniversary ball- given by Cathe
dral Council of the Young Men's Institute
in Native Sons' Hall last night was a
most delightful affair. ! There was a large
attendance and a well' arranged pro
gramme of dances. It was under the di
rection of the following named commit
tees :
CLEVER PIANIST WHO WILL.
PLAY AT A CHURCH BENE
FIT. . . ,
CATHEDRAL COUNCIL GIVES
AN, ANNIVEBSAK-Y BALIi
checkers was held yesterday afternoon in
the Mechanics' Institute assembly hall to
effect an organization pledged to take
charge of tournaments held in the Insti
tute and to arrange for match games with
other chess and checker clubs. Over one
hundred members attended. The follow
ing officers of the association wer.e elected:
vl£* rf;«w a » nS *° ni T Pr T esi l e2 J t: Rodne y' Kendrlck,
Jice president: J. J. Dolan. secretary T L
r£? n 5. f . treasur « r : committee on constitution
and by-laws— Wallace E. Kevin. Dr. W. R
S2« e f£ v f* ?*• 'Benjamin Marshall. Joseph
Rosenthal. A Howe; committee oh games and
\£?^"SJ'.J 01 " f hes3 - Dr - w - R- Lovegrove. j
John T. Welham; Thomas H. Marttn.
dramatic reading. Miss Marian Barring
ton will be heard in a v*ocal number, and
Miss Flora King, whose engagement to
Percy Black, a young Oakland attorney,
ws recently announced, will appear in a
cafe chantant number that, in chic and
dash, is said to equal some professional
celebrities. . .
"Billy" Hines, he of the famous "Laugh
ing Song." and George Hammersmith, the
popuIar^San Francisco clubman, will each
appear in amusing and characteristic spe
cialties. .
One of the gems of the programme will
be the specialty by Mrs. Carrie Brown
Thaj-er Charles K - Tower and Phillip
The performance will conclude with the
clever burlesque, "Love's Trust," by Mrs.
Margaret Cameron Smith.
The sale of seats will begin Tuesday
morning. .
RABBIS DISCUSS
VARIOUS TOPICS
OAKLAND, Jan. 3L— The principal
topic of interest In Oakland's
swell set is the approaching Ebell
Society vaudeville entertainment
for the benefit of the children's
library fund, which will take place at the
Macdonough Theater next Thursday even
ing. The talent, both amateur and pro
fessional, which has been secured by the
manager. Mrs. E. A. Kluegel. is of a
high order and the programme is replete
With good things.
The much-talked-cf society quartet.
"The Treble Clef." will make its initial
appearance on that occasion. Richard
Jose Ferrer, the well-known violinist, has
consented to play, and Miss Pearl King,
the talented East Oakland belle, who re
cently made her social debut, will give a
ARTISTS GRATIFY
THEIR LISTENERS
• Piano, valse, A ' flat major ' (Moszkowski),
Miss Emilie Gnauck from "Tannhauser"
(Wagner). A. H. Cogswell: piano and violin. C
major, andante, allegro, modera to (Mozart), Miss
Grace M. Smith and R. Buchlyi.song.' "Le Fos
si" (Quaranta). Miss Eugenia Loy; piano. Auf-
Miss Gnauck's musical career is the re
sult of an Incident which occurred in Ger
many four years ago. She was traveling
through that country with" her.- father,
Gustav Gnauck of Benlcia,,when a friend
heard her play on the piano and, detect
ing talent, urged, her to remain there for
study. Her father was finally persuaded
to leave her and last -spring, she gradu
ated with high honors f rom ' the Royal
Conservatory of Music in Leipzig after a
four years' course. At t her ; examination
she played Beethoven's\C. minor piano
concerto to the delight of Leipzig 'critics.
; Several other musicians of. talent. will
render selections at the concert. The pro
gramme wtll be as follows:' ¦ ..";".-
¦ donation' bn thglr part "toward"
the edifice. In order to Increase .the
fund on hand they have planned a . con
cert to be given under their auspices in
Shattuck Hall Wednesday evening, Feb
ruary 5. At this concert Miss " Emilie
Gnauck, a California girl, who recently
returned from musical triumphs' won Jn
the Old World, will make her first'ap
pearance-before an audience on this side
of the bay. ' : :'. .
BERKELEY, Jan. 31.— The ladies
of St. Mark's parish have, agreed
to furnish the new Bishop - Kip
Memorial Chur.ch as a ". special
The Talbot country seat Is one of the
most extensive In the county and Is beau
tifully situated. It contains a handsome
residence and the proprietor employs a
dozen servants to keep it up.
Mr. and Mrs. Siem visited the District
Attorney's office after the husband's
wounds had been dressed, but went awav
without taking any action against tha
Before we were ready to start this mornln?
I> asked Mrs. Talbot if we could hare break
fast. ¦ She refused and told m« to leave the
house at once. While I was in my room my
husband came running in to say that Mrs Tal
bot had assaulted him with a gas lighter. We
struggled against Mrs. Talbot and her hus-.
band and the coachman as long as -we could
and then ran away. I was half-dressed and
had to borrow a dress from a neighbor so
that I could come to Oakland.
Mrs. Siem's story Is still a little differ
ent. She says all the blame rests with
the Talbots, who. she claims, set upon her
and her husband without provocation.
TVe were going to leave this morning- an<1
were getting our things ready when w© heard
Talbot and his wife and the coachman com
ing • up the stairs. Mrs. Talbot had a gas
lighter in her hands, the coachman had a
knife and I think Talbor had a club. Talbot
attacked me first and when my wife tried to
escape he went after her. She tore her clothes
trying to get away. Talbot and the coachman
then turned their attention to mo and kept
beating me until I Tan away. too.
Siem's Version of tha Battlel
According to Siem, Talbot's story la not
true, because, he says, his late employer
was the aggressor all the time. Says
Siem:
As soon as I entered the Siems' bedroom I
saw Mrs. Siems pulling my wife's hair, whila
Siem himself was helping to pummel her with
his fists. I jumped for him and he pulled th<»
gas lighter away from lira. Talbot and struck
me with it. He struck the coachman too.
"We wrestled out Into the hall and there suc
ceeded in giving him a good pummellng. Ha
ran away as soon as he got the chance and
with his wife went screaming down the road.
The Stems went to their rooms upstairs to
prepare to leave and my wife followed them
in a few moments, saying she would try to set
tle their account. She had a gas lighter in
her hand. She had been gone but a little
while when I heard her scream. I ran -up
stairs to see what was the matter, the coach
man. Dennis, following me.
"We came back from New Orleans yesterday
and went to our country place to see how
things were getting- ajong. We found things
In a turmoil. The Stems, whom we had lert
in charge, had disagreed with everybody on
the place and let things go to smash. \V«
learned that they had been drinking ahd that
a wagon load of eggs and some other produce
of the farm had not been accounted for. I set'
tied the whole thing by discharging Siema,
and he was to have gone to-day.
Mr». Talbot went downstairs early this
morning to look after the breakfast. She re
turned in a little while to say that' Mrs.
Stems had been saucy to her. That made
me angry and I < demanded that Stems and
his wife leave forthwith.
Talbot Tells of the QuarreL
Different stories are being told by tha
different sides of the affair. The narratives
of the Talbots and the Siems are paral
lel as to certain incidents, but at a vital
point they diverge and become diaruet
rically opposed stories. They agree in t>>ij
— that the Siems, who have been overseeing
the work on the Talbot. farm for live
months during the absence of the proprie
tors, were discharged because their stew
ardship was unsatisfactory. They wcra
to have moved out -this morning, ar.d
thereby hangs a tale. Talbot's version cC
the affair Is as follows:
That the Talbots carried the day is evi
dent from the number and variety of
wounds inflicted upon the person of Henry
Siem, one of the hired hands. His wounds
were dressed at the Receiving Hospital,
after he had made a hurried retreat from
the scene of his undoing. There wa3 a
deep cut under the left eye and decolor
ations of the face. The sleeve of the left
arm bore a cut that evidently had been
made with a knife. Siem was accom
panied to the hospital by his wife, who
was the other victim of the melee, only
she escaped with a whole body. The cas
ualties of the Talbots are not reported.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway,, Jan. ZL
Frederick C. Talbot. member of the firm
of Pope & Talbot. shipping and lumber
merchants of San Francisco, capitalist
and gentleman farmer, assisted by his
wife and the coachman banished, two
hired hands from his country estate in
the outskirts of San Leandro this morning
before breakfast. The ejectment of the
unwelcome persons was accomplished
only after a sanguinary set-to betwsen
the opposing forces.
The estate over which this controversy
has occurred is that of the -widow of Eli
jah Farmer. ¦ After a number of years
Mrs. Farmer married Dr. J.-W. Lowry.
She had acquired by the death of her
iirst husband considerable property. She
died about two years ago, being survived
by her husband, and several sons and
daughters of her -first' marriage. After a
diligent search no will was found and Dr.
Lowry applied for letters of administra
tion. Before the property had been dis
tributed, an alleged will, arrived by mail
at the County Clerk's office. It ' be
queathed to the husband the sum of $10,
the rest of the estate - going to the
children, and named Charles R. Farmer,
her.'' eldest son, as executor. Farmer
petitioned for the probate of the will and
a contest "between the children and the
husband followed. •
Bequeathed Estate to Children.
Dr. Lowry declared to-day that Schlot
terbach was innocent. of the charge and
that it was, an attempt: to discredit the
contestant of the will. He said he did not
believe his attorney had ever attempted
to bribe Churchill. Neither Schlotterbach
nor Churchhlll, would talk.
/, - . < .. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦¦ ¦_¦
Schlotterbach, as attorney for Dr. Low
ry,,it was alleged by Churchill before the
Grand Jury, ottered the witness 51000 if he
would testily that he had drawn up the
will in question just for a joke and sup
posed that it would 'end there after the
public was tired of "joshing." It -was for
this that Schlotterbach was indicted. He
was arrested last ; night 'and was soon re
leased on giving a bond of $2000, with
Frank- P." Doyle and L. L. Vlers as his
sureties; . . . '
Churchill's reason for withholding the
will, as given in tne anonymous letter,
that accompanied the document, wasthat'
Dr. Lowry nad offered him money to sup
press the will, but after a time his con
science had triumphed and he sent the
codicil to the clerK's office.
Dr. Lowry Is Accused.
SANTA. ROSA, Jan.'. 31.-The mystery
connected "with the will of ~ the" late Re
bekah Lowry has been cleared. The au
thorship.otvthe will: and . the . unsigned
letter which accompanied it through the
mail to the County Clerk's office on; Aug
ust 24 has come to light. ' To add to tiie
interest in" the case P. L. Schlouerbach,
a prominent attorney, capitalist '<tnu man
ufacturer of .this city, is under arrest on
an indictment by the Grand Jury. He is
charged with having attempted to induce
a witness to give false testimony.
The witness referred id is narry H.
Churchill, bookkeeper for the Santa ±tosa
Tanning Company, a corporacion m which
Schlotterbach is one ' of the heaviest
stockholders. Churchill, it is alleged, is
the author of the will and unsigned let
ter. Schlotterbach was empioycu Dy Dr.
J. W. Jjowry, the surviving nus band of
Mrs. RebeKah Lowry, as an attorney.
cnurchill is said to have testnied before
the Grand Jury that on April TJ, 1897, he
drew up 'the: will- at -the' request of Mrs.
Lowry. He was at this time employed by
her to expert the books of tub Santa
Kosa Flour. Mills, in which sat was a
stocKholder. Churchill testitieu that the
witnesses— the late Dr. It. P. ¦ Smith and
the late Robert Crane— signed the will in
his presence, as did Mrs. Lowfy. '
. Ssec'ial . DUDatch to .The Cali. . '
Dispute Over the Managa
• ment of Capitalist's Farm
Ends in Fight
. , ¦ ; w . - ,.
Witness Alleges Attempted
; i ' Bribery inl,the_Lowry
Will Contest.
Eject TwoServants After
an Early Morning
Battle.
Sonoma County's Grand
* Jurjr Indicts; P. ¦ L.
,¦' ; /Scblotterbach.
to Help Raise Funds jferBrhop: Kip Memorial Church
Miss ¦¦Em- lie Griauck, Who-Recently Graduated With H ; gh
Honors From Royal Con «ervatory : < f ;.- Music; in Leipzig,
LAWYER FACES
GRAVE CHARGE
TALBOTS BANISH
THE HIRED HELP
YOUNG PI AN IST OF NOTE
TO APPEAR AT CONCERT
10
OAKLAND'S SWELL SET L00K5
FORWARD TO SOCIETY BENEFIT
Principal Topic of Interest in Exclusive Circles- Is : the Approaching
Vaudeville Entertainment in Aid of . the Ghildren's; Library
Fund, Which Will fake^ Place; at the Macdonough Theater
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1,- 1902.GRAIN BAGS-^-Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make.- %c less ; than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32®35c; Fleece Twine, 7%©8c. ¦;-.'¦
COAI^—Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
General Merchandise
» ¦ ¦ — ¦ . — ,
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK, Jan. Sl.-r-Bradstreet's jto-mor
¦ow will say: 'The future may . : be said this
veek to have profited at the expense of the
iresent. In other words. Current weather c6n- :
lltione, sucH as ¦ heavy "snowfalls, ' east, .west
ind -north, tend to chaok ; buying ' except - of
mrely seasonable goods at retail and to limit
lightly the volume of . demand In ! wholesale
lnes. On the other hand the covering of .the
mtire northern half of the country with a
ilanket of tnow has .bettered the condition of
he winter-sown crops • and; .the - outlook ' for
pring trade aa a whole has , therefore been
;reatly improved, j No diminution in confidence
n -a large spring business Is reported. .••,:¦¦-••
Iron is In demand at all markets with prera
iimi paid for quick delivery. : Imported steel
illlets are . selling at Philadelphia for $28 60,
he same prices > that • domestic billets ' are
(ringing st Pittsburg. The , rail mills of - the
ountry are filled with orders and are not seek
ng outside contracts. Among the other, metals
he ¦ feature has been the marked change In
be copper, situation, .-' several- sharp upward
- ¦ • ; Foreign: Futures.
, LIVERPOOL. "
Wheat—" '' ' '• March.' : May.
Opening-........'. ........ -6 1% fi 1%
Closing ....." .....V... 6 1%' e iff
' PARIS.- '.'
Wheat— . ... Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening • . ....»-. .^ ... 21 60 22 60 l
Closing ..:.".......... 2140 •'" .22 55
. Flour — ' ¦-• ¦ ' ' .-'-¦ I ¦¦¦¦..,'•.
Opening .................. 27 70 28 20'
Closing . . .'.', 27 65 ¦" ¦ 28 15"--
: ¦'-. :¦,¦•, New . York* Metal : Market. < - .
. . NEW. TORK, Jan.* 31. — There was an excited
copper market to-day. At the Metal Exchange
lots of from 100,000 to 2,000.000 pounds were bid
for and • offered; \ but '. sales were . officially re
ported, : . though -a considerable 1 "^ business • was
done* by. private deals.'.: One seller offered 2,000,
000 pounds electrolytic. at; 13c, but the best bid
•was 12%c": Lake , closed , with spot ',, quoted • at
12?ie i 13i4c'electrolytic at 12?i@13c and casting
at,12»4@12v8C. iLake for spot for July deliv
ery ¦ was off ered at 13V£c, with 12$ic bid; and
electrolytic spot t for July was offered at : 13c,
'"¦ : Cottonseed ' Meal J which has been .: off - the
market for a long while, is agairiquoted.
Bran. . Middlings and Hay'are yen* firm, and
'the Hay dealers say that; unless we get good
rains within' a. few-days there will' be another
advance. ¦'¦ Receipts are ; light, i as both farmers
and dealers are back • supplies ; in- the
country. -. ': '•'¦'- . ', •
BRAN— $1S SOiilfl 50 per ton.
'-' MIDDLINGS— ?20@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $19@10 50 per
Hay and .FeedstufFs
The "millers are quoting Flour firm, j with a
very ¦ good demand, . both for export and local
consumption. , Prices are unchanged. •
¦FLOUR— California Family. Extras. $3 500
3 75 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 4003 50;
Oregon. $2 75©3 per barrel for family and $3®
3 35 for Bakers' ; Washington •. Bakers, $a©
3 35: ¦ . * ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • ' ' ¦• - : " ' "- " - '-¦-¦' '
I MILLSTUFFS — Prices in ¦ sacks are : as fol
lows usual, discount . to -, the trade: ' Graliam
Flour,, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75;: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4: Oat Groats. $5; Hominy,
$404 25; I Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; , Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 B0; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats- (barrels) $6 S3@3 33;
in sacks. $6 50®8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peae.
15: Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. -
Flour and Millstuffs
STOCK MARKET.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls' and brands sell
about l%c under- quotations. Heavy salted
Steers.' lie; medium, 10c: light, 9c;.- Cow
Hides, 0%c "for heavy and ' 9c for light;
Stags, 7c: Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 3%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls. 14c:
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 18<@18%c; Culls' and
Brands. ; 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c
each: Bhort- Wool. 40Q60C each; medium. 63@
75c; long Wool. SOc@$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75@3 for large and- $2 50 for medium.
$1 75®2 for ' small ¦ and* 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1" 75 for large, $1 25@1 60 for me
dium. $1' 23 for" small and SOc for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, ¦ 35c ; ¦ fall • or me
dium- skins, -30c: .winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime ' Angoras, '¦ 75c; large and
smooth. ¦ 50c: medium.- 35c. ¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%®6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3c.
.WOOL — Fall, San Joaquln. 6®Sc; San Joa
qin Lambs'. - 7%@8%c; Middle County, S@10c
perlb: Valley. Oregon, spring, -15@15%c; do.
fall. 14@15c . per lb. '
HOPS — 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good : to choice. Local - dealers -. quote 10® 15c
for ' shipment.- -, . • ¦
•Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. . ' ¦ /'
1Not included in totals because of no com
parison for last year. ': ¦ '¦' > ' * " ' '¦¦
¦ This market shows no change and dealers
quote business very quiet, with continued cut
tB CURED MEATS — Bacon; ll%o per lb.for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12@12%c; Califor
nia Hams, ll@ll%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 60 per
barrel; extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family, $12©
12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra -clear.
$22 60@23; Mess. $18 50® 19; Smoked Beef.
13%@14o per pound. ¦ ,- . • •
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half barrels,
pure, lltfc: 10-lb tins, llftc; 5-lb tins, li% C ;
3-lb tins, 12c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c: three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces,- »9»c- per lb.
The Chicago market was rather lower again,
with a heavy feeling and- scattered selling.
Provisions
NEW YORK, Jan. 31. — The market to-day
reflected the discouragement of operators over
the pereUtent determination of the outside
public and the large money Interest to refrain
from speculation In stocks. The failure of
successive news development* to induce any
Interest in the speculation causes increasing
neglect, even on the part of professional oper
ators. There were some notable Individual
movements to-day, but the market as a whole
was trivia! and Inconsequential. The most
" >--onrpicoous movement was in Delaware,
lAckawanna. and Western. which rose by
rapid et&ges. making a new high recorf at
«ach etage, to 281%. It was expected that
the annual statement would be Issued to-day,
and the street forecast of earnings Is of a>
iate of from 16 to 20 per cent. The rate was
withhold from publication, but' the directors
were In cession. Rock Island mad* a notable
advance of S% points on light dealings, the
market supply of this stock being scarce. The
increase of Moore representatives in the direc
torate and the extension of common interests
in the company by some of the most influen
tial New York banks and trust companies were
cited as motives lor the advance. The price
of tie stock crossed that of St. Paul, but fell
back. American Unseed, after early weak
ness, rose 3% over last night and the preferred
four on account of the advance In the price
of I/nseed Oil. Southern Pacific led the mar
ket la point of activity, but Its narrow price
movement indicated active profit-taking, which
carried It below last sight's leveL
The speculation continued very active In
Amalgamated Copper, which rose 1%. lost it
ail and then rose 2% again at the close. The
arrival in this country of a director of the
Rio Tintos Company, supposed to be for the
purpose of forming a working agreement with
the Amalgamated Company, and the continued
rise In the price of copper w«re the motives
of the speculation. Sugar continued depressed
because of fears that the duties on Cuban
sugars would be maintained and People's Gas
suSered a sharp break .without explanation.
There was an active demand late In the day
for Beadla*. but with only slight effect on the
price. Colorado Southern stocks were bought
OB Ik 1 _J 5f *? Increase in the dividend
oa th* first preferred, Mexican National was
etroa* by reason of reports cf absorption by
Southern Padflc. Lake Erie aad Western
preferred rose 6 points. To-morrow's bank
statement is expected to be strong.
i Bonds were less active to-day and were lr
rerolar. Total sales, $4,050,000.
United States refunding 2s declined U, and
the 4s ccopon U per cent on the lastcall
Nezv York Stock Market.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL'
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly along the'
coe*t from Eureka northward, and has fallen
ov^r Utah and ICat;«rn Nevada.
The t,emr>erature has risen about 4 degrees
in California and 10 degrees in Northern Ne
vada. Tfce temperatures are more nearly nor
mal than for meny days past.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. February 1, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, with
rain at nipht along the northern coast; light
northerly winds, changimr to southerly.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
southwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday, cloudy at night;
fresh westerly winds.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
cloudy at night; light northerly winds, chang
ing to southeasterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADtE,
Forecast Official.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7®8%c for Royals and 8
©13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 8®9c; sun-dried, 4®4%c;
Peaches, 6@7%c; Pears. 4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted, 4'®5%c; unpltted l@2c; Nectarines, 0@
bUc tor red and 6%@6%c for white; Figs. 3o
for black and dO@75c per box for white.
PRUNES-— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's 6@6%c; 40-50's. 4%©5%c; SO-eCs, 4%
O4%c; 60-70*8. 3%@4*!c; 70-80's, 3Vi@3%c;
W»-ao ? a. 2%@3V»c; 90-100' s, 2%@2%c per lbT
. RAISINS— Nominal. ,„ •
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts. - No. 1
softsnell.' 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell,
I" No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell 8®10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell'- Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, 11®13c;
Cocoanuts $3 50@5. - -
• HONEY — Comb, 12®13c for bright and 100
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted. 4©5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX-27%«829C per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Corn struggled hard tcr maintain Its strength,
but gradually slipped, down in company .with
wheat. Trade was light. May fluctuated nar
rowly, but ended in a net loss of i«)@%c at
the close, weak at e2>,ac.
Trade ;in oats was light. May closed weak,
y.c down. at. 44 % c. • ¦: ' •'•
Provisions were quiet with ¦ very narrow
fluctuations. May pork and lard closed 5c
lower and ribs a shade down.
The leading futures .ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High.. Low. Close,
i Wheat No. 2 —
January '..... .75V6 . 75U 74% 74%
May : 78% - 78V4 - 77% 77Ti
July .':..:... 78% 78'/ 2 77% 7S,
Corn No. 2—
January. ....^50 60'A 59<i 59Vi
May ........ 6S% 63% ' 62 u, «2",4
July G3 CTiVi 62<i , 62& s
¦Oats No. 2 — '
May ......... 44% 44»i 44% U\'a
July ........ -38V* 38»i 38%. 38%
September . . 32»4 -33 32% - 32^i
Mess Pork, per pound-
May ...1585 15 00 15 80 15 85
July ¦¦;¦-.¦ .".15 97'^ 15 97Vs 15 87^ 15 02Vi
Lard, per 100 pounds — -
May 9 37% - 9 40 9 37%. , 9 87%
July ........ 9 45 9 47% 9 45 9 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May S 37% 8 42% • 8 37% 8 42%
July ........ 8 47% 8 50- 8 47% 8 50
Cash quotations were as follows: ' . -. ,
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 71@75c;
No. 2 red, S3@8-l%c; No. 2 .oats, 44%®40%;
No. 2 white, 46%@47%c; No. 3 white,
45%@47»,4c; No. 2 rye 61c; fair to choice
malting barley, 61@64c; No. I flax seed,
$170; No. 1 Northwestern, ' $1 73; prime
timothy seed, $6 55; mess pork, per barrel.
$15 60@15 65; lard, per 100 ; pounds. $» 25@
9 27%; short ribs sides (loose), $8 15@8 30; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 7>/8@7>4c; short clear
Bides (boxed), $8 60@8 70; whisky, basts of
high wines, $1 31; clover. ; contract grade,
$9 70.; ¦::.¦•:¦ . ¦ -.- ¦ •'. '.-.
¦ Articles — . , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .....24,000 . 25,000
WTieat. bushels..... ....... 83,000 , 19,000
Corn, bushels .49,000- 92,000
Oats, bushels....:;.. ;.-.:.. ".79.000 135,000
Rye. bushels .............. 7,000- ......
Barrey, bushels... ....30,000 -4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Market was ; nrm. Creameries, 15®25o;
dairies, 14@21c; Cheese, firm,- 10U@ll%c
Eggs, fresh, 23%c." : ¦ • n . /?
,' ¦• ¦¦ ' V J - > ' .' > ¦'¦
CHICAGO, Jan. 31.— "O'lieat had a heavy
feeling all through, the session. Routine news,
while favoring buyers to some extent, ..was of
an Indifferent sort. Cables were slightly lower,
Argentina shipments were still much smaller
than a year bko and the receipts In the North
west were' light." The Southwestern markets
were bullish and on the breaks scalpers "bought
and ehorts covered. Trade, however, was lil.ht
in volume. This led speculators- to the argu
ment that business was too small to hold th«
advance In the market when the uit turned
bearish. Professionals turned sellers, the sea
board reported a slack export demand and per
sistent selling caused" declines. The fluctua
tions were small, with a steady lower trend.
May opened a shade to %&Uc lower at 78&4P
78%c sold '.down to 77?ic and after small re
actions closed weak, %@?ic lower, at 77?4@
~7T4c. \ . ' ' • • . ¦ , , '• ¦ -. .
One car of Navels and one of. Seedlings sold
at auction as rollows: Fancy Navels, J2S2 45;
Mediterranean Sweets,. 95c@$l 45; . St. Mich
aels, 75c@?l «5; fancy Malta Bloods, $1 SO;
Lemons. 70c@$l-25.
The . open market stands about the same.
Fancy Oranges are moving slowly, but .there
is a fair demand for the cheaper grades.
Tangerines are In good demand, particularly
for the Chinese New Year.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES — $1 50@2 per. box for extra. 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 25<yC0c for or
° PEARS— Winter kinds. 75c@*2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c®$l 23
for standards. $1 60@l 75 for choice and $2©
2 50 for fancy; Seedlings, 30@75c; Tangerines.
$1 50@2; Mediterranean Sweets, 75c®$l 25;
Lemons. 50c(g?l for common and $1@1 60 for
good to choice and $1 75@2 25 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, $1@2; Mexican Limes. $6@a 50;
Bananas $ 2 25@2 75 per- bunch for ' New Or
leans and $1 2502 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$3@4 per dozen. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE COAST RECORD
Informal Session— 9 :15 o'clock — May— 2000
ctisT 86%c: 2000, 86%c: 14.000, 86«ic.
I Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, B6&c.
' P^esular Morning Session — May — 4000 ctls,
SotTC 4000. 86%c; 6000. 86'»c; 4000. 86c. ¦ :
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls. 8594c;
4000 1 85%o: 2000. 85%c; 2000, 88Vic; 18,000, 86c.
OATS— Chicago reported the market heavy,
with a belief there that a decline was impend
ing as prices were too high. It was only the
day before that an advance was predicted. .
This market stands^ the same, being .very
firm but quiet. ""/ . ¦
Grays, $1 Si\i@i'SO: whites, $1 25©1 42%;
Surprise $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 22%
tor feed • and $1 22y 2 ©l 32% for seed! red!
$1 27%@1 37 V4 Per ' ctl for feed an d 51 35@
1 42 u*~ for seed. - . -,
CORN— Chicago declined, but recovered. Ad
vices from there seemed to look for a decline,
owlnff to the high prices, and quoted a heavy
This market' showed no change, being firmly
held but dull. ' : -.
Large yellow, $1 37%@1 45; small round
do $1 50: white. $1 30@l 40 per ctl.
RYE — Quoted ,at 85@90c i per . ctl. The tend
ency is to sell, as both shippers and millers are
said to be well loaded. In fact, it is, reported
that the shippers, who bought large lines at
82%@85c, are- now reselling at the- profits
which the present quotations afford. : v-
BUCKWHEAT-^-Quoted at $1 05 per ctl.' , '
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal - Session— 0:15, o'clock — May — 8000
Ctls, ?1 09%: C000, $1 0914; 20,000, ?1O9H-
Secoi-.d Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 OOtf;
10,000, ?1 00. , : . . V
. Regular Morning Session — May — 20,000 ctls,
Afternoon Session— 6000 ctls. $1 08%; 2000,
$1 08%; 6000, $1 00%; 2000, $1 09%.. .
• BARLEY— Clear, cold weather instead of the
predicted rain advanced futures 2&C. andlgave
the spot market still more tone, though there
was no further advance. The market is broad
ening in all directions, there being a shipping
demand for . Europe, the Southwest and the
North. During the past three or four days
one lot of 1000 tons went from here to Port
land where the market is almost bare, owing
to the brisk demand in Oregon for Southwest
ern shipment during the past few weeks. Thus
it will be seen that the statistical position of
the market is very strong. ' • ' •¦
¦ Feed, 00c for choice bright, 87%@8S%^ for
No 1 and 85086 V4c for on* grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 92',i(595c; Chevalier.' $1®
1 20 per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES.
1 'U*IIEAT- : -I5otlf Paris and Liverpool ' futures
were lower. '
Chicago declined from TS'ic to 77*ic, but
subsequently regained some of the lost ground.
There was a small movement and a fair mill
ing demand in the Southwest and a free move
ment and v' oor milling demand In the North
west and at Chicago. The Northwest sold
heavily. The market in general was heavy
and a further decline was expected. Consider
able long wheat came out on stop orders at 7Sc.
Winter wheat was reported looking well, being
now amply .covered- with snow, but California
waa reported to need rain badly. The Bureau
of Statistics at Washington stated that three
nfths of the wheat exports from the United
States In December wert, from the Pacific
Coast, which ' shipped 5.080,000 bushels.
This market was quiet and not materially
changed, except an advance in futures at the
close of the day. • . . " -: .
Spot wheat— Shipping, $1 07 \b; milling. $1 10
©1 J2Vi Per ctl.
Wheat, and Other Grains
o ExcfiQHge -and Bullion. :'
Sterling ExiHungF.v CO day's. : . .'." t ',^?*'~-'ji" $5'
-Sterling Exchange, •sight...... '-j- .-. •-• 4 88
Sterling Cables ....:...... 4 .: .'. -..-..'ist
New York* Exchange, sight.".:.. * — '¦.¦ -12*i
'New- York Kxchange. .telegraphic —.'..'.".,¦ ;"1>V
¦Silver, per ounce .;.;.' :....¦ -.-'^— ¦ ' .55'^
Mexican Dollars, nominal... ... 45 @ ' 43V3
- Eggs are still cheaper, -white Setter shows
no further change.
Meats are at before quoted, though the
wholesale prices for Hams, Bacon and Lard,
have declined slightly.
Tha season for wild Duck Is overhand the
quotations are withdrawn. Poultry remains
about a3 before, tho market being well sup
plied.
House Coals continue scarce, as the cold
. weather of the past two months has eat down
supplies Materially. Prices are no higher,
however. - ;¦¦ - j
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ 913 COlSouthfleld
"Wellington @11 OO I -Wellington 9 11 0O
Seattle .... @ 8 50|Coos Bay... — Q 1 00
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter, choice, ia.50^60 Common Efegs.22*£@25
Do. good...... 40^45 Ranch KgKa, per
Packed, per lb..25@ — dozen — Q25
Cheese. Cal .16@17 Honey Comb, per J
Cheese, Eastem..l7®2(J pound 15®2(>
Cheese, Swlsa 20^30 -Do, extracted.. S'fflu
Meats, per pound— . ¦ . ". , .
Bacon 14®lS|Pork Sansa«t».12%S15
Hams 13@17 Smoked Bet£ 17@O
Lard ....^ 15@ — I ¦¦
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats :
Boast Beef. . 10@13 Roast Mutton. .10&12VJ
¦Tenderl'n St'k.l5@17& Mutton Chops..lO@12fci
Porterh'se do.. 17%@20 Mutton Stew.... — @s
Round Steak.. 10@12% Roast Veal.' 10Ctfl5
Beef Stew 8@10 Veal Cutlets 15<Sl.s
Corned Beef 8010 Roast Pork.... 12^^15
Roast Lamb... 12^4@15 Pork Chops......— ©15
Lamb Chops... 12% ©18
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50075 Squabs, per pair. 60® U0
Young Roosters, Doves, per doz— <g$ l 50
each 50@S5 Rabbits, each...l5@2(.>
Old Roosters, ea.504j.tio Hare, each...... — Q2O
Fryers, each 50©65 English Snipe,
Broilers, each. ...4Oi3?5O per dozen.. .$3 25'9—
Turkeys, per n>..lS@22 Jack Snipe.... n5'w~
Ducka, each..,..5u®75 Wild Geese, per
Geese. each..$l 50® 1 75 pair 75c@?l 00
Pigeons, pair 40® 00 Brant, each 25335
Fruits and Nuts —
Alligator Pears. Dried Figs, pr lb— ©10
each .......... 25@50 Grape Fruit, per
Almonds ... 15020 ' dozen 75c©$l 0O
Apples 3@ 5 Limes, dozen. .. .10915
Pecans — @20 Lemons, dozen. ..20® 30
Brazil Nuts 20@ — Oranges, doz 20Q6U
Bananas, doz 15@25 Pears, lb S@12v,
Cranberries, qt.. — ©15 Pineapples. ea...3O<g5t»
Cocoanuts, each.— #10 Raisins, per lb. . 6t&li
Chestnuts, per lb.l5@20 Walnuts, pr Ib.12^915
Vegetables —
Artichokes, d3..$l@l 60 Uoshrooms. lb. ..503)75
Beets, dozen 10@— Okra. dried, lb. .— ©4i>
Beans, white, lb. e@ — Potatoes, pr lb. .2@2&
Colored, per lb. 5@ — Parsnips, per dz.10®—
Dried Lima. lb.. 6® 8 Radishes, dozen
Cabbage, each... 5<fj> — bunches , 15Q'M
Celery, head 6@ — Sweet Potatoes,
Cress, dz bnchs. .20@30 per Ib 29 3
Cucumbers, dz.$l 50@2 Sage, doz bnchs. 25@3i>
Esg Plant, lb 30®— String Beans, per
Garlic 4® 6 pound 20O23
Green Peppers, lb — ©30 Summer Squash,
Green Peas. lb.lO®12% per pound — ©25
Lettuce,, per doz.l5@20 Sprouts, per lb.. 5"<* tf
Leeks, dz bchs..l5@20 Spinach, per Ib.. 5'a'—
Onions, per lb.2%@3% Thyme, dz bchs.25#3u
Green Onions, Az • Turnips, per doz.iow —
bunches 15@C0 Tomatoes, per lb.20® —
Fish-
Carp'.. —©12% Sea Bass — @15
Catfish :. 15® — Smelts — © —
Codfish 15® — Soles ..10012ft
Flounders ....12^© — Skates, each..... 8®13
Halibut — ©15 Squid.. —4P—
Herring 8@ — Tomcod 12%*,* 15
Mackerel — 0 — Turbot 1&923
• Do. horse... ...^ — Trout .......... ft
Perch 1 ..". ........—^ — Brook Trout..... — S—
Pompino ....75c@$100 Whlteflsh 10® —
Rockcod —015 Clams, gallon.. ..50# —
Hockfish ...'. —©15 Do. hardshell,
Salmon, fresh ..20@25 per pound 8fl<>
Do. smoked.... 15(^25 Crawfish —©10
Fardir.es 100 — Crabs, .each 15ift2i>
Shrimps — & — Mussels, quart... — ® —
Shad ....15©— Oysters. Cal, 100.4Or«5<»
Etriped Bass .15@20 Do. Eaatern,d2.23U 10
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
i
Cities — Amount. " Inc. L*ec.
New York. fL413 ( l«i6,353' 2.3 ...'.
Chicago 14'J,;iC5,514 lb'.S ....
boston IXJ.972,4.15 ».l " ....
Philadelphia .... 101.UU.I74 . 1B.7 ....
St. Louis......... 45,tt«l,O04 1».3
Pitteburg ;.. . 42.44»,500 12.1
Baltimore ]t».4:«.74«i . . . . ¦ ¦ O.&
fian Francisco.... 2:1,172. «7»» 12.7 ....
Cincinnati .1....... 18,022,350 ..... 2.3
Kansas City.;... .„, l»."i;W,170 ¦ "1».O. '1...
Minneapolis ..... - ll.Kt>d,0:<5; 14. 3 ....".
Cleveland .-..;... ]2.2;ft).»J2}> 14.5 ...'.
New Orleans..... 1.1,549,011)1 ».7 '
Detroit . .' "4,8L > 9.OSSI CCS '-"...'.'
l»uievi!le H.155.53u" ': • 3.4
Indianapolis !»,094,144 29.6
Providence 7,973,000 215.7 ....
Omaha 0.214,428 3.5 ....
Milwaukee ...... .6,670,351. . 6.7 ....
Buffalo 5,039. 798 4.5 ....
Kt. Paul 4.44S.487. 4.0 ....
Savannah r!.308.84ti 23.0 ....
Denver 4,545,560 4.4 .,;.
St. Joseph 4.2Sa.l80 10.2 ....
Richmond 4,.i70,u41 18.4 .,-..
Memphis . 3,448,55« 13. G ....
Seattle 2,527.772 5.0 ...p.
Washington, .... . 2,!»78,8!>4 24.4 ..[.
Hartford 2..«7,910 14.4 ....
Los Angeles 3,V>84,049 C2.2
Salt Lake City... 2,»<».56O 31.5 ....
Toledo 2.4«2,2:« 0.B ....
Portlan'l, Or. 1,841,830 10. S i .;..
Rochester. ....... 2,010,806 16.1 -'....
Per.rla 2,805,105 45.6 .i..
Fort Worth 3,163,920 i.3
Atlanta 2,613,623 13.1 ..'..
Norfolk 1,340.278 5.0
Des Moines 1.4-S3.540 22.0 ¦
New Haven ' 1,440,935 D.B ....
Sprlngtield, Mass. 1.240,610 2.9 ....
AugUHta 1,701,670 80.5 ....
Nashville 1,743,426 17.7
Worcester 1,378,134 35.3 ....
Grand Rapid* 1.624,:<fi.l 19.3 ....
Sioux City 1.301,7fU 22. fl
Dayton, Ohio..... 1.304.41S 2«.9 " ....
Syracuse ' 1,056,06(1 • 46.2
Scranton • 1.326,514 6.3
Portland, Me..... 1,410,600 49.3
Spokane 1.288,400 53.5 .
Tacoma .3,213,754 ' 3.9
Evansville 805,27<5 ' 2.1 ....
Wilmingrton, Del. Kti2,S33 7.2 ....
Davenport ....... 040,052 38.9 '..'..
Fall Kiver 844,825 0.2 ....
Birmingham 1,040,80!) 2.4
Topeka 1,337,463 25.0 .-...
Macon 711.000- .... S.8
Little Cock 870,782 63.1
Helena 501,4.13 39.7
Knoxville «73,2$« 21.6 ....
Lowell 445,576 .... 2.8
Wichita 750.813 fil.S
Akron..... 6W.100 37.0 ......
New Bedford ' 407.6S8 4.3
Lexington ....... 438.142 •¦ 6.3 . ....
Springfield, 111... ¦ 4SS.938 • 12.7 ....
Blnghamton ;'.67.000 13.4
Chattanooga 439.9SS 10. 5
Kalamazoo 422.68* 12.5 ....
Fargo ....;. •• 402,0S« (>"2.0 ....•
Youngstown !iSS,658 B+.7 ....
Springfield. Ohio. . ."00,736 23.9 ....
Rockford 320, 760 25.0 ....
Canton " 297,000- u.8
Jacksonville . '330,180 41.0- ....
Sioux Falls 284,628 2,7.4 ....
Fremont 131,833.. 5.0
Bloomlngton. 111.. " .112,772 56.0 . ....
Jacksonville. 111.. ¦¦- 102.110 .... \26.0
•Columbus, 0 7,168,500 27.3 ....
•Galveston - 8,500,300. 12.2 ....
•Houston - .11,886,703
tColorado Springs. . . 910,550 .-...' 8.3
tWheeling, W.Va. 555,656 .... ....
tChester - .... ." ... 250,480 . 7. 0 : . .'.
tWilkesbarre . : . . ' S42.870 ....
Albany 2.728.859 9.5
Beaumont 419.449
Totals. U. S... $2,157,122,942 - ITo 7777
Outside N. Y.. 748.956,589 13.6, ....
. CANADA.
Montreal ' . ; . . . ... $15,216,442 IS. 7 ¦
Toronto ..". 12.134.158 3O.» ......
"Winnipeg ........ . 2.384,312 40.0 ....
Haiifax ".... . 1.S86.663 12. S ...".
Vancouver, B. C. 714.372 2.1 ....
Hamilton ........ ' 721,273 «»3 ' t.;.;
St. John, N. B... 660.690 6.9' \..\
Victoria. B. C... 465,320-, .... 12.7
tQuebec 997.119" ........
Ottawa 1.251,117 -' - ....
- Totals, Canada. $33,883,250 22.5 ....
NEW YORK, Jan. 31. — The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
January 30, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as con-pared, with the correspond
ing week last year:
LOCAL -MARKETS.
LONDON*. Jan. SI.— Consols, 94 7-16; silver,
25 7-16d: French rent*?',.' l6pr..72J£c. ¦ Wheat
Cargoes on passage. "quiet and steady; cargoes
Xo. -1 Standard California. 30s 3d; cancoes
Walla Walla. 29s; English country markets,
quiet and steady." i ' -' ¦ ••" • -,
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 01.— Wheat, quiet; wheat
in Paris, dull: -flour in . Paris, dull; French
country markets, quiet and steady. . .
COTTON— Uplands, i.4J4d. .
Foreign Markets.
Bank Clearings.
BUTTER— Creamery, 26«£27c per ¦ lb for
fancy, 25c for/ firsts and 24c for seconds;
dairy, ' 17 l i*i24c; store Butter, 14@17o per lb;
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Keg.
ie@lSc per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@llVac; old, ' 10@10%c;
Young America, 12@13c; Eastern, 13®16c per
pound. ¦ - !"\- •
EGGS — Ranch, 21c. for selected large and
20c for good t6 choice; store, 18319c per dczen.-
Receipts were 34.400 pounds, 27 tubs and
kegs of- Butter, pounds of Eastern
Butter, .72(3 cases of Eggs, cases ot East-,
crn Errs, '16,150 pounds of California Cheese,
pounds of. Oregon Cheese and — ~ pounds
ot Eastern Cheese. '-" -• .-. ¦....<¦
For the best Eggs 21c is about the top, as
this is the limit the North will pay In this
market, and even this includes the furnishing
of cases, etc., which cuts something off this
figure, Any. further advance would shut oft
the Northern demand and stocks here would
immediately accumulate. There la a very
good demand for the lower grades, as the re
cent shipping orders have pretty well cleaned
up the market for these goods. In fact, stocks
of all descriptions are email, but dealers are
losing no sales, aa the market la apt to break
suddenly at this time of the year. The feel
ing, however, is firm. The Victoria steamer
yesterday took out 192 cases for British Co
lumbia points.
Butter is very firm, and quotations are high-^
erV'as will be seen. The exchange advanced
both creameries and dairies lc. Stocks are
light. There is no improvement In Cheese.-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption, . shows :
Available cash balances, $177,632,08S; gold,
$88,705,607.
Condition of the Treasury.
¦ FOR F"RTJ>AY. JANTTAIfr «.
Flour, qr eks... 3,200 Straw, tons .... 3
Wheat, ctls ....1B0.908 Stwar, ctls ..... 300
Barley, ctl3 .... 49,828 Tallow, ctla .... 22A
Oats, ctls 660 Brandy.- gala .. 1.S00
Beans, ska SOO Wine, gala ..... 77,600
Potatoes, ska .. 2,850 LJme. bbU ..... 27-1
Onions, sks .... 400 Pelts, bdls ..... 15
Bran, ska .„_. 140 Htdea. N» ..... Son
Hay, tons ...... 890 Leather, rolls... Sil
OREGON.
Oats, ctl» - 650(
Giant Powder Co. has declared dividend 33
of 73 cents per share.
Receipts of Produce.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 31.— WHEAT— Little
trade and prices nominal; Bluestem. <M®C5c;
club, &3«'64c. • ¦ ' . . ¦
Cleared— British • ship Irby r - with 84.SI5
bushels wheat:- German "bark Bertha, ; with
95,810 bushels wheat, both for Queenstown.
• PORTLAND, Jan. 31.— "Wheat, firm; - Walla
"Walla, 64@64>^c;- Bluestem, 65', jc".
OREGON*
Northern Wheat Market.
* — —. — — — — ,'.".. ' ': — •.'].."' ';.,' *
NEW YQRK, Jan. 31.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1*5.559 barrels; exports. 16.145 barrels; con
tinued dull and a shadp. lower to sell.
WHEAT — Receipts,. 80.750, bushels; exports,
16,327 bushels; spot was. easier. No. 2 red,
85V&C f. o.'b. afloat: No. 2 red, 80%c elevator;
No. 1 northern Duluth. 85%c f.'o.b. afloat;
Xo. 1 hard Manitoba, 80%c f. o. b. afloat; It
was another very dull day on a steady opening
and subsequent depression due to small export
trade, foreign selling, local liquidation 'and"
lack of support. Tlie close was easy at %<SV4c
nnt loss. March. 84 1 /fe@84'4c. closed 84%c;
May. 83Vi@84 l-16c. closed 83%c; July, 83V2@
S3%c. closed 83%c. - . . -
HOPS^-Quiet. . '
HIDKS— Dull. .
'¦' AVCOI^— Stead y.
COKFEE — Spot Rio, steady: Xo. 7 invoice.
-5?«c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@12c. ; Futures
closed barely steady,- with prices net 0 to 15
points lower. Total sales. 39.SG0' bags, includ
ing: March, 5.M@5.55c: May. 5.6S(ff5.80c; June.
5.75c; July. 5.M0@5.ttflc: Beptember. 5.!V"®
fi.loc; December, 6.20@6.35c. .> Spot coffee,
dull. ¦¦•¦' . . i-i .-. -,-+. v ' .'.¦«.
SUGAR — Raw. -steady: fair, refining. 3 3-16C-;.
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 11-lHc; molasses . sugar,
2 15-lCc. Reflned wag steady.' . , ,
DRIED FRUITS. ,!
NEW* YORK. Jan. 31. --R\aporated apples
continue in moderate demand and- while there
are no quotable changes to-day, an easy feel
ins prevails in the better grades, s State, com
mon to »?ood, "eS^ic: prime, 9@14%c: choice.
»?i@10c; fancy/lo^eilc- ¦ -• .-.- >;¦'.' :)¦¦-'- '
California dried fruits are , also quiet, ' but
steadily held. - A**&irly good^-^iqulry -is re
ported for prunes. .-
PRIJNBS— 3%@6aic. " « ' ."
APRICOTS — Royal. logHc; Moorpark, fl»i<f
12Vic -• •¦¦••- .
PEACHES — Peeled, 14igl8c; unpeeled. 7Vi@
9',Sc. .
<120lh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX KRANCISCO, Jan. 31—5 p. m.
Tb<? following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dat<» as compared with those of same date last
t«ason and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Statical — 21 Hours. Season. Season.
Eurek.1 O.«H 17. (lb W.til
lltd Bluff O.<M 11. «4 15.41
bacrarnento ..... <i.iki <!.jrj 11. oS
J^an Francisco... O.«C 7.0.S i:j.01
F!ffr.o O.Ot 2.52 7.58
1 :i<!er>endence ... o.<m 1.39 5.12
San Luis Obispo- ©-00 fi.02 21.15
3x>s Angeles 9.00 4.07 9.2S
han Di'tro O.«.x> 2.5<i 3.81
San I-'rancisco data: Maximum temperature,
TiO: minimum. 4W; mean, 45.
The foUownng maximum and minimum tcm
perstorec were reported from Eastern stations'
Boston 20-12 . Omaha 16-<>0
Cincinnati 2S-24 Duluth 18-14
Philadelphia. ::o-18! Chicago 22-22
Npw York Si-lSlSt L«uig 1O-O0
KanFaf <"i'v- yo-mjt-alt Lake City. . .20-14
JatkEcn\-;il<? 70-jS' . ,-. '. ¦ ' .
W cat her Report.
l>oca.l hank clearings In January were $105.
570.7H3, airainst $90.t*43.13« Sn January. 190L A
gain of $14,630,000 lor the opening month of
the year is not bad. If we keep up this gait
we t^hall hr«Lk ail prex-ious records this s«ar.
Burincss miiEt be good in San Francisco.
Bank Clearings
Nexv York G%ain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— Money on call was
steady-at 2U©3 per cent, closed bid and asked
at 2%@-3 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4
@4 % per cent. Sterling exchange was steady
at an advance, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 8774 for demand and at $4 84%
for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 85 and $4 88.
Commercial bills, $4 83%@4 84%. Bar silver,
35MiC. • Mexican dollars, 44J-ic.
Bonds-r-Governments, weak; States, steady;
railroads, irregular. .
Nezv York Money Market
' PORTLAND. Jan. 31.--Clearihgs,; 'f325,20S;
balances, $81,275. ¦ . , . ' ; . -1 .1
' SPOKANE, Jan. 31.— Clearings, • ?156,100;
balances. $29,420. -. ; - . .-..•.
•SEATTLE; Jan. 31.— Clearings, $364,797;
balances. $95,609. -- ...--.
¦ TACOMA. Jan. 31. — Clearings, $224,960; bal
ances, $39,312. ¦ ¦ "
Northern Business:
j Previous ,viotatiotia; rule for all descriptions.
.- Wholesale, rates from slaughterers to dealers
are. as --follows: *..--¦ . : • - ¦'-¦•
797He for Steera and ftffTc per lb
for Cows.'> ,-'•'¦
\ VEAL— Large. 7%69c; smaD. 8®10o per Ib.
MUTTON— Wetiers, 8@8%c; Ewes, ,7%®Sc
per In. ' ' ' -;'• ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ -
LAMB— Yearlings, 9®9%c per Tbi Spring
Lamb, lie per lb. - ¦ :'.,
- PORK— Ut» Hoits. from 150 to 230 lbs. 5%©
6c; under 150 lbs. 6U6S%e; aoft-Hoea, BdSUc
sows. 20 per cent off; boars, SO per coat off.
and stags, 40 per cent off from tha above quo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7®8%c '
San Francisco Meat Market.
fj One car of ! Eastern Poultry came . in,, making
seven, thus ¦- fart this '.-Tireek. i ', The ; demand t fqr
Poultry :-was'.-fair and younir . stock » cleaned' up
well."-.' Dressed,- Turkeys sold -.off' quickly in>.th«
morning, , but"; the market as the day
advanced. :t* The" average. prices for the day are
quoted beloy;'. "" ; ' > «¦.'"¦'¦-.'
. POULTRY— rDressed Turkeys, . 16@19c; Llv«
Turkeys, 13@14o. for Gobblers and 14@15o for
Hens; Geese,! per pair, ?1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$2@2 25; Ducks, $B@5 50 for old and *6®7 for
young; Hens.'- *4<g5: young Roosters, -$4 60®
6; old Roosters, $4@4 60; Fryers, $405; Broil
ers. *4f 5 for large and $3@4 for BmaU; Plgeona.
$1 50<g>l 75 per dozen for old. and $2 50@2 75
for Squabs. - ' • '
¦GAME— Doves,' per dozen. $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $4; Canvasback. |4; Sprig. $2; Teal.
$1 50; Widgeon.- $1 25; Small Ducks. »1; Black
Jack, f 1 ; English Snipe. $2 50; ". Jack Snipe,
$1 50; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1@1 25;
Brant, $1 50@2 per dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
i. , Game'; sold, higher, yesterday,-' a» ¦ it , wa» ' the
last day (> of v the ' open season' for Duckt. ••.Re
celpts"were-72-;sacks. .-^ -* L\ * ':,'¦'.':'" • .'".
Poultry. and Game!
The coiaa«p at the- local branch Mint during
the month ct .lar.uaj-y ns as follows: Doable
eagles, $7,C60,«K)0: haif dollars, $125,637; quar
ter dollars, ?100.<Xtfl; total for the month,
J7.SS5.637, agjiinst *4.4Si.0C>0 for Janaar>-, 1901.
From .Tuly ] . iy<iL to date the coinage amounts
to $47,207,528, acainst $42,948,827 during the
tame period in 28OO-OJ.
Mint Coinage.
iteceJptF of duties on imports at the Custom
bousr-during the month of January -were *736»
£*«, against 5606,336 in January, 190L
Customs Receipts.
LONDON, Jan. 31.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day were 14,654 bales. The se
lection was good- and was In' keen demand.
Fine scoureds ¦¦ were 7%@10 per cent above the
December average. < Inferior,- grades were ¦ some
what Irregular, but Cap* .of Good' Hope -and
Natal sold well to the home trade and Germany
at firm rates. American representatives bought
suitable grades of medium: and greasy;cross
breds. ¦ '-.¦'.'" -r. "'- ': ..' ; . 1 .:' •' ' ; ,-' ; : "-W '.
London Wool, Sales.
Produce Exchange sales on call in January
¦were 102.700 tons wheat and 25.000 tons barley.
tnaJctng total sales thus far this crop year of
4W»,000 tons wheat and 56,500 tons barley.
Produce Exchange Sales.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2a reg-..10SM L & N Uni 4s 101
U S ref 2a coup.. 108V- Mexican Cent 4s. 82%
U 3 3a reg 108% Mex Cent 1st inc. 32%
U S 3a coup 109 Minn & St L 4s..lO4>4
U S new 42 reg.. 139 Mo, Kans & T 4s. 98%
U S new 4s coup. 140 Mo, K & T 2ds.. 84
U S old 4s reg...lllTi N Y Central lsta.lOSW
U S old 4s coup..lllT£ N Y C, gen 3%s..lO8
U S 6a reg 106 N J Cent gen 5s. 137
U S Ds coup 107',i N Pacific 4s...... 105
Atchison Ken 4s.. 103% N Pacific 3s 75i;
Atchison adj 4s.. 94% Norf & W con 4s.lO2 a i
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 104 Reading gen 4s... mk
Bait & Ohio 3V4s. 95% S L & I M con 56.118'
B & O conv 4S...105V4 St L & S F 4s...; 9<HJ
Canada So 2ds...lO9*-i St L Swetrn lsts. 98%
Cent of Ga 5s.::. 111% (St L Swstrn 2ds. 79
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 79%'S A & A P 4s...." 39%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l07i4 Southern Pac 4s.. 94%
Chgo & Alt 3%s. S4% Bouthem Ry 5s.. 120
C, B & Q new 4s. 90 Tex & Pac lets.. 121-
C,M & S Pgen 48.114% T. St L & W 4s. 83%
C & NW con 7s.. 140% Union Pacific 4s. 105
C, R I & P 4s...llO»4 Union Pjconv 4s. .106%
C.C.C & SL gen4e.lO3% Wabash lsts..... 118%
Chgo Term 4s S» Wabash 2ds 114
Colo &So 4s 93% Wabash deb B... 68%
Den & R G 4s... 102% West Shore 4s... 112%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 9S% W & L E 4s 93%
Erie gen 4s 88% Wls Cent 4s...... 88',4
F W & D C lsts.107% Con Tobacco 4s.. 69
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ... 20|Little Chief .'...... 11
Alice 45 Ontario 7 50
Breece 65 Ophlr ......: . 78
Brunswick Con.... 06 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel. .05% Potoei ...'. ..-08 ¦
Con. Cal & Va...l 05 Savage 02
Deadwood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada . 12
Horn Silver ..1 60 Small*Hopes ..38 j
Iron Silver.. 61 Standard 3 45 '
Leadvllle Con..... 05)
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— U S Steel. 43%
Call loans S%@4 U S Steel. pfd...-. 93%
.Time loans 4 @5 Minlnc—
Bonds— Adventure . . ...'.. 23%
Atchison 4a 102 Allouer .......... 3 Vi'
Gas l*t« 83 Amalgamated ....77 %
Mexican Cent 4a. 82 Baltic 40
N E Gaa & Coke. 65 Bingbam 24%
¦ Eallroads— Calumet & Hecla.650
Atchison 76% Centennial 14J4
Atchiaon pfd 97 Copper Range.... 62
Boston & Albany. 263 Dominion Coal... 63 >4
Boston & Maine. 192% Franklin ........ 14
Boston Elevated.. 163 Isle Royal» 24 •
N Y. N H & H..210 Mohawk ......... 37%
Fitchburg pfd 144. Old Dominion 24%
Union Pacific... 101 % Osceola ..........'87%
Mexican Central.. 2S% Parrot .........'..33.
Miscellaneous — Quincy ......'...; 140
American Sugar.. 124% Santa Fe Copper. 8»J
Am Sugar pfd.... 117 Tamarack .......270
Am Tel | & Tel.- .158 I Trlmountaln .... 59
Dom Iron & SteeL 28% Trinity .......... 14&
General Electric. .278 United States. . . .17%
Mass Electric S3 Utah 26%
Mass Elec pfd... 03% Victoria ......... 5%
N E Gas le. Coke. A*, Winona 1 %•
United Fruit. S9 1 Wolverine ....... 53
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. • Low. Close.
Atchison 9.700 76% . "78'4 "76%
Atchison pfd 3.000 97%: S7%- 97Vi
Baltimore & Ohio. 2.100 103% 103 ¦ 103%
Baltimore & O prd *...- . ;..-.- O6%,
Canadian Pacific... 600 113% 11314 113%
Canada Southern... 200 S7Vj : 87%;- 87.
Chesapeake & Ohio 1.000 46% ." 45% " io%
Chicago & Alton.. 100 34% 34% 34 '
Chicago & A pfd... 300 76%.' 76 . ' 76 '
Chicago Ind & L... 500 .52% 52»4 52^
Chic Ind & L pfd -.'.. .... 70 .
Chicago & E IU... 300 143 143 142?i
Chicago&GW 2,100 23%; 23 .23%
Chic & G W A pfd 100 84% 84>i ¦ 84»»
Chic & G WB pfd '44Vi
Chicago & Nwstrn 1,100 214% 2U% • 214%i
Chicago R I Sz Pac 16,400 165 159fc 163"
Chicago Trm & Tr 600 17% 17% 17V»
Chic Trm & Tr prd 1,400 33 Uj 33 32 \<t
C C C & St Louis. lOO 991.4 !<»»4 »9H
Colorado Southern. 13,100 15*8 1\% 15^
Coiorado So 1st pfd 5,800 03 61% «2^
Colorado So 2d pfd 7,800 30^ 2$ u j 2J»%
Delaware & Hudson 700 17314 172 172>A
Dela Lack & .West 3,400 2S1H 274 279 •-
Den\-*r * R Grande .r... . ..." 42
Den & R Grade pfd " 100; 81^ 9114 91
Erie --.... 7.600 39V* 39^, 39^4
Erie let pfd, ex-div 1,600 69Ti ¦ 69% 69^
Erie 2d pfd 900, 56 55fc, 55%
Great Northern pfd ' 187.
Hocking Valley ..;. fi8«J
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 82 - 82 - "82'
Illinois Cent ex-div 4,000 137% 1H7%' 137?:
Iowa Central 1.30«) 41%, Xi% 40^,.
Iowa Central pfd.. 1,700 75Vi "t 7*%
Lake Erie & VYest 07 V-
Lake Krie & W pfd :{00 132 130 130 "
Louisville & Sash. 1,500 104 Wi% 103"i
Manhattan L 1.700 130 l.''.5>/4 135H
Metropolitan St Ry 7,100 171U 170*i 171 it,
Mexican Central.:. 3,000 29H 2STi ¦ 2S»i
Mexican National.. 14.W00 17* 16'i 16%
Minn & St Louis., i.300 107% 100 . 107
Missouri Pacific... 3,«<H) 102:*, 102% 102*4
Missouri K &-Tex 400 24% 24%,. 24V
Mo Kns & Tftx pfd B00 52»i ">2>i 52»i
New Jersey Central 700 195 l»:t iy:i'
New York Central. !K>0 162 1C1U' 1*51 *i
Norfolk & Western 800 50 r "4 5«U • 5«i'
Xorrolk & W pfd ." .... - <u -
Ontario & 'Western soo :u;'^, 3,i"-l 3:>".;
Pennsylvania S.50O U\i% 149'^ 149V
Reading 21,700 5«% 55% »C«U,
Reading 1st pfd... 2,600 S2VS, 81 % 81 ?~
Reading 2d pfd... 900 03 V 4 62 'A U2V H
Si Louis 4SF...A H>0 «2^ 62U, H'jG
StL & S F 1st pfd ..... ..;. .... 8-{
£t L & S F 2d pfd. 400 75 74*. 74%i
St Louis Swcstern . ... . 2T>%
St ij Swestern pfd. 400 09 5**4 5SVi
St Haul 26.200 !W;i 1«>4 " lh4V.
St Paul pfd ] 8 ; "
Southern Pacific... 72.600 «2% 61% (jl-Ti
Southern Railway. 2,000 33^ :«4 :;:{i«
Sjuthern Ky pfd... 2.20O 35^» U5 its'
i Texus & Pacinc... 200 :;s», ns% ."S'i
Toledo .St L & Wi- 1,000 20»i 20> 4 «H>
Tol t-t L & W pfd. ¦ 2,2»K) 3S», 37». H.S16
Vnlon Pacific 20,700' 102 l i 101 T- 101 'i
Union Pacinc pfd. 1,900 80 Va S9»- 4 89
Wabash 2M 22% 22& 22Vi
W'abash pfd &*/ 42% 42U, 42U
W & Lake Erie . ... 17 *
W & L. Erie 2d pfd. 100 29 2» 2S%
"Wisconsin Central.. SOO 19^g 19% lou
Wiscon Cen pfd SOO 40* t 40** 40V»
Esyrefis Companies —
Adams 195
American 216
United States 2oO 10S 107 J07&
Wellg Fargo ...... .... . 100
Misc?<laneoes — >
Amalgam Copper. . C2,C0rt ~s 7.»% 78
Amer Car & F.... POO 29H 28^i 29»,i
Amer C & F pld.. 700 S'>V» s 85
Amer Linseed Oil. 2W 25 20«* 34?i
Amer Lin O31 pfd. 300 b-V^ M 53
Amer Smelt & Ref. 7,600 481* 17% 47%
Amer S & Ref pfd. 100 tt7*i 97*4 »7
Anaconda Min Co. 8,400 UTtUg 3* 35%
Brooklyn Rap T.. 4.800 GUM, (55% 65»4
iZolo Fuel & Iron.. 2W «6»i -8«Vi 8i5ii
Consolidated Gas.. 200 217% 217 217
Con Tobacco pfd.. "2dO my. 117'4 117^4
General Electric . . J00 279 279 ' 278
Glucose Sugar .... 1,400 51 50 49*i
Hocking Coal 600 15>4 15 I5*i
Internal Paper 19
Intern Paper pfd. . 1,200 75«4 75 73
Internat Power ... 1,000 SS& S7 87
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit... iOU 4i% 44^ 44»4
National Lead ... •••• . •--. 19 '
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd 64
North American ... 200 91% 91 91
Pacific Coaet 73
Pacific Mall 200 46 46 46
People's Gag 14,200 101% 98% 99%
Pressed Steel Car.. 400 41 40»£ 40^4
Prcswd S Car pfd. 300 85 S4% Si\%
Pullman Pal Car 217
Republic Steel ... «"*> 16^4 16>4 16%
Repub Steel pfd... 300 09 % tJSiT C9
Sugar 18.900 125% 123% 124%
Tenn Coal & Iron. . 400 63% 63% 63ii
Union BtPCo 13
U B & P C pfd.. 200 74 73 73
U S Leather 1.200 Utj 11% 11%
U S Leather pld. . 200 SO'4 80^4 80»i
IT S Rubber 14ii
U S Rubber pfd 51
.U S Steel: 7,100 43% 4314 43i,i
U S Steel pfd 8,000 93% »3% 03»i
Western Union ... 200 91% 91% 91%
Amer Loco 20,200 33VJ 32% XiK
Amer Loco pfd ... 1.400 92% 92% 92%
Total sales ....4S8.S00
Liabilities of commercial failures during four
weeks of January aggregated $12,902,007, of
which $5,683,392 were in manufacturing, . $6,
435.984 in trading and $782,631 in other strictly
commercial lines. Aside from a few excep
tionally heavy defaults the- showing Js very
good, as to manufacturing:. Large- decreases
appear in liabilities as" compared with last
year's failures in iron, machinery, cotton, lum
ber and chemicals. . ¦>. ' . : - • •
. Even at the lowest point of the week wheat
was 5c and corn 18c higher than at the cor
responding date last year. Foreign, buying of
wheat was 'not perceptibly stimulated- by the
lower prices, but there continued . a steady
outgo -aggregating 3,646,723 bushels for the
week, flour, included, compared with 3,324,75S
bushels a. year a*ro. . '- ,. • . - .¦¦ .
Footwear shops in New England have large
orders for spring goods and -are still* busy on
seasonable ' lines, while weekly shipments con
tinue to exceed those of last year. Wholesale
buyers are In the Boston- market, ! but,; show
an inclination to delay placing contracts at
the present advanced "prices. - Hides have de
clined still further. ¦ .-; . • .' • . - -. , .
NEW. YORK, Jan. 31.— R.. G. Dun & Co.'s
Review of Trade to-morrow will say: Despite
some drawbacks the business situation . con
tinues satisfactory, with especially good news
from manufacturing centers;- Labor disputes
are somewhat more numerous ' and . low water
stopped mills- in parts \. of the.. Northwest.
Special lines were stimulated by the stormy
weather, but. the same conditions affected
others' adversely. . . ' ' . ¦ v - .. 1*
The English Sewing Cotton Company has
passed: its interim dividend and the chairman
has resigned. ,c • .¦:' • •• . -. :
The . Chartered Trust and Agency Company,
formed •.pnder- the .auspices .of the • Chartered
Company, with a capital of £2,600.000. offered
£1,250,000. at par, the Chartered shareholders
to get a preferential allotment of half this
amount. ... ¦
Rio Tint os closed at 45% after touching
4C%. Anacondas closed 3-16 up at 7 3-16; Cop
per sold . at' £65J4 the ton.
t . The Ivondon County Council loan was sub
scribed nine, times over. , >
:. American shares . were firmer than 'of late,
but neg-lected,: \ save Southern - Pacific, which
¦was very- strong. Sharp bought ' thousands of
shares and Leon's offered the stock with equal
freedom. • The market ' margin consequently is
only % throughout. It- is- (suspected that there
are. two factions on the board, a condition the
came, as when Union Pacific bought blocks of
Southern JPadflc. ' ¦ ¦ ' .
'¦ The stock '.. market to-day was quieter and
less buoyant. ' The somewhat' changed mood
was due to week-end (realizations, and Cham
berlain's statement \that our terms for peace
are still, the unconditional ' surrender of the
Boers. Consols, relapsed % -to 94%c, and kaf
flrs -also had a setback, but rallied In the
street after the close. of the Stock Exchange.
' NBW YORK,' Jan. 81.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's ;¦ London l financial cablegram says : J
London Market.
' ST ' JOSEPH '¦ ' * ' ¦¦.¦¦--'
', ST/ JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 31.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 800; market, steady: - natives, ' $3 75@7:
cowg and heifers, - $1 60^5 S5; veals, '$3 50®
6 25; stockers and 'feeders. $2 2504 70. "' --¦
HOGS— Receipts, 5500; market 6@10c higher;
light and light mixed, $5 70@6 20; medium and
stock heavy. (6 1006 40; pigs, $3 75@5 10.
1 SHEEP — Receipts,: 200;" market steady. .'¦:.-
CHICAGO, Jan. .81, -^CATTLE— Receipts,
2000; steady; good: to prime, steers, $6 60®7 25;
poor to medium. $4@6:". stockers . and feeders.
$2 25@4 50; cowc, $1 25®« 25; -heifers. $2 50©
6 50; canners.V $1 25@2 30; bulls. $2 25®4 65;
calves," $2 C0©7 25; Texas fed steers. $4@5 40.
' HOGS— Receipts, ¦ 21.000 ; tc-mbrrow, - 22,000;
left over, 6000; 6@10c lower; mixed and butch^
ers. $5 85@6 80; good to choice heavy, $6 15®
6 87%; rough heavy. $5 85©6 10; light. $5 60ifi»
0; bulk of sales. $5 90®6 20. •.. ; •-• ' '¦'¦ .-• '-'-. •¦
¦ SHEEP — Receipts,, 7000; sheep steady; lambs
steady; rood . to choice wethers, f-t 80@5 20;
fair to choice mixed, $3 70@4 50; Western" fed
sheep, $4®5 45; native lambs, "$3®«; Weeterm
lambs, . fed. $5©6 85. .:-. • . ¦ ,v '•'?¦
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock*. Market.
, - VEGETABLES^Green ' Peas from Lc«.-An
greles,. 8@6c;> String' Beans' from Los Angeles,
10@12%c; Cabbage, 40@50o per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, $1- 75@2 ' .per • box ! and $2 1 per . crate ;
Mexican Tomatoes,^ $2' per box;: Dried Peppers.
10®I2%c- per-lb; Ltfs Angeles-do.~ 15®17%cr
Dried.Okra. 12%@15c per lb;,. Carrots; • 35®50»
per" sack; Hothousa Cucumbers,- 31@1 25 per
dozen, for .large and B0@75c for small; "Garlic,
1%@2%c; Los 'Angeles Green -Peppers, 20@25e;
Mexican: do,* 20@25c; Egj- Plant trom Los An
peles,'25c; Summer Squash from Los' Angeles.
$1' 60," Marrowfat Squash, J8@10 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $8@lO.:' ..-¦; ". .'
ONIONS— Oregons,-- $2@2 25 for the best- and
$160@l' 90 for lower- grades; Green Onions, 4$
@60c- Der box. •"- :_<-• -' «-< <«'¦* -. J ; ' v .
'POTATOES— <1©1 SO for \ Burbanks froin
the river; .Salinas Valley Burbanks. $1 50®
$1-75; .Oregon. Burbanks. $1 28®1 65; Oregon
Garnet Chiles,. Xl:40®l 60; Klver Beds.' $1 6O@
160;. Early / Ron,- for seed, $1 5O<3>1 60 ; , small
Burbanks. tat seed, fl 35®1 45; Sweets,, $1 SO
for Merced. .'..¦.¦ ¦¦' ¦ ¦¦'••-. a ¦* -'- -.•-••-•
Los Angeles Tomatoes are slow, being . green.
The. market is overstocked with Peas. Ne w
Rhubarb, sold • at 10c per lb. . *'? .. .
¦Two.sacks. of. .small new Potatoes from Jill
pitas, sold .at.8%o per lb/ . ' ;. , '¦"- u
- Burbanks have .about ceased from. Salinas,
though the Salinas Valley is still shipping from
Watsonville . and , several, other points. : The
Potato market continues ' firm- and unchanged.
A' car j of Sweets came in from. Merced and a
car ,o£ Onions. from Oregon.; ..:.;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
\ NEW YORK, Jan. j 31.— The , cotton market
opened steady ' with prices ". 1 .point lower, to 1
point higher and closed quiet, with prices net
unchanged to 4 points lower. -
New York Cotton Market.
Local bank clearings gain $14,630,000 in January. . ,r.\
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Another advance in Linseed Oil.
¦
Wheat not materially changed. Barley futures higher.
Oats and Corn firm. Rye easier.
Hay, Bran and Middlings continue firm.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions continue strong.
Poultry in fair demand. Seven cars in from the West this zveek.
Wild Ducks now out of season.
Oranges stiU in light demand, but steady. :
Butter higher, Cheese weak and Eggs firm.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before. , ; :
Meats as previously quoted. . .-':>- ;
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 303% per cent. The rate of dis
count In the open market for 3 ' months' bills
is 3. per cent.- ' . . • •
Consols, money.94 7-16 Do prefd. ...... 54
Do account.... 94 7-18 Bar silver, steady
Anaconda .'....... 7% . ..............25 7-16
Atchison 78% Money ...... S@3%
Do prefd 99% New York Cent.. 165%
B & O ..106% Norfolk A West.. 68
Canadian Pac 116% Dq prefd...,*-.. 94
Chesa & Ohio. ...47%- Ontario & West.. 34%
Chic Gt. Western. 23% Southern Railway 34*4
Chic M & St P.. .165% Do prefd....... 97%
Denver & R G... 44 Southern Pacific. 63%
Do prefd - 93%) Union Pacific 104%
Erie *o2 Da prefd. ...... 62%
Do 1st prefd... 71% U S Steel.. ... 44k
Do 2d prefd 67% Do prefd....... 85%
Illinois Central.. .140% Wabash 23
Louis & Nash... .106% Do prefd ... 43%
M K & T........ 25% Spanish 4s....... 77%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
' Previous iprices rule' for all descriptions.", with
a quiet market.
• BEANS— Bayos, $2 40®2 50: - Small "White.
$3 10@3 25; Large White. $2 7503; Pea, $3 50
®4; Pink. $1 75@2 20; Red, $2 25@3 60; Black
eye. $3 6003 65; Llmas. 84 40®4 60: Red Kid
neys, $3 60@3 75 per ctl. -
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 S503; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 60: Flax, $2 40@2 75; Ca
nary. 3tf@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, from
8%c; Rape. 1^®1->4c: Hemp. 3%o per lb.
#i iDRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 2501 65; Green.
*1;25@1 60 per ctl. ,.,...,
Beans and Seeds.
Failures In the Dominion of Canada number
48. as against 64 last week and 27 in this
week a year ago.
Wheat exports, July 1. 1901 to date (thirty
one weeks) aggregate 165,346,520 bushels, , as
against 114,778,372 bushels last season.
Wool Is in steady demand and . firm, with
stocks of desirable goods well reduced.
Business failures in the United States for
the week number 803, as against 292 last
week, 238 in this week last ; year and 171 in
1900. .- ¦ . - < •¦ <¦ ¦¦• ¦ • I- -.-.<,:
movements ' of prices occurring, with the close
%c higher than - the r lowest . published . price
and 2c higher then the lowest rumored sales. -
Considerable Irregularity Is noted in prices
of cereals, hog products and cotton.' After the
late heavy decline in prices has, come several
reactionary: movements Jn wheat which tends
to discourage export demand.' Wheat strength
ened early in the week on Bradstreet's report
of a heavy Increase In the visible supply, but
weakened later on with improved winter wheat
crop receipts. Corn has displayed rather more
strength than wheat, while in oats the feature
was a spectacular break of 5o per bushel on
one day most of * which was, however,, re
gained. Hog prices have weakened - slightly
although receipts have been moderate, while
butter and country products . generally, have
strengthened on colder weather.; Sugar is 8-16c
higher. Coffee Is weak and lower.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 8,702,888 . bushels, against 8,689,679
bushels- last week and 3,700,000 bushels in this
week last year. • ' ' ". •¦' ""¦--.¦ '''¦¦-.
Plglron warrants were quoted at ll@12c; No.
1 foundry,. Northern, $10 60®17 60; No. 2 foun
dry, Northern. $16016 50; No^l'foundry, South
ern, «16@16 60; No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft,
?16018 60. v : . . ,
. Iron was quiet, but steady and unchanged at
New . .York.- > European markets were a shade
higher.' Glasgow closed at 49s and Mlddles
boro a.t 44s 8d. / . . :
* Lead was unchanged 1 here at $4 10.. London
was 5s higher at £11 2s 6d. Spelter was easy,
but unchanged here at $4 25.' London was 6s
higher at £17 ,7s 6d. ' ._.. .
with 12?ic bid, and for casting for February
delivery 12%o was bid.' with 123io asked.- -'
¦ -The London market for copper was 15s higher,
closing with spot and futures at' £55. '
\ Tin at New; York was steady. Spot closed
at $28 90024 10. 1 At London prices were £2 6s
higher, closing with spot at £100 and futures at
£106 108.
ton; ¦ Oilcake Meal "at the mill. $27®28; Job
bing. $28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20®21: Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Conn $31 50@32 50;
Mixed -Feed, $17@18 DO; Cottonseed Meal,
HAY— Wheat, $10@13 60; fancy, $14; Wheat
and Oat. $10018 60: Oat, $9®11; Alfalfa, $8®
10; Clover. $7©9; Volunteer, $6@8 60; Stock,
$6® 8 per ton. • ¦
STRAW — i5@60o per bale. ll»ll
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
THE SAN FItANcisCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUAKY 1, 1902.
Dim's Rev'ieiv of Trade.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Continued. on Page Thirteen.
11
"Wellington. $3: Seattle, $6 60; Bryant, $5 50;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $8 50: Co-operativo
Wallsend. $8 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and
$13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg*.
— —; Welsh Anthracite. $14: Cannel; $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk, and $17 la
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
Harrison's circular says: "During tha week
there have been three arrival* of coal from
"Washington. 6350 tons; one from Oregon, 44i>
tons; three from British Columbia, 11,360 tons:
one from Australia, 2767 tons; totai, 20.923
tons. Business in the fuel lino Is generally
quiet except for domestic requirements, which
has beea largely augmented by the cold crisp
•weather for the past several weeks. The de
liveries ot Wellington are very limited, hence
other- grades are finding ready sale for house
uses. Steam coals are betas offered freely at
low quotations, aa foreign freight rates en
coal are weak, to compete with which our
Northern products have been marked down
also. Besides, the number of factories using
fuel • oil Ja increasing . monthly, I th<r , price ot
which yet remains- low, and will so continue
until tha 'refineries 'now In. course' of construc
tion shall be completed, which will divert a
large proportion of oil' now being utilised in
its crude • state, for steam production.' Some
large oil properties have recently been disposed
of, the buyers being •> large -¦ fuel, consumer*.
They ".will thus become Insured against futurs
fluctuations in their fuel: needs.- .which Is
deemed .to .be prudent foresight on 'their part,
as the oil product of the State may eventually
pass.. Into, the -hands cf one or two large In
corporations." . '"_ . "¦ , - '
j OI£r— :jJnae«Vhas again advanced. Califor
nia Castor 'Cm, In cases. No. i, 70o: pure.
$1 20; IJnseed Oil. In barrels, boiled, 78c;
raw, 74c; 'cases, ":5c.' more ; .Lucol, «4c -for boiled
and 62c for raw, .in. barrels ; Lard Oil. extra.
winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c; China
Nut. 67}i®68o per; gallon; pure Neatsfoot. In
barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure. «5c;
Whale OJ1, natural white,' 4Q@50o per gallon :
Fish Oil, barrels,- 37i£c; cas-»a, 42%c; Ooooanut
Oil, -barrels,- «3%o for Ceylon' and 63Jic for
Australian.' «M * - •¦ ¦¦ ¦•¦'•¦ •."•.. ,,
? COAL' OIL-^Water White CoaTOil, In hulk,
13%c; Pearl' Oil, 1 -' in' cases. 20c; • Astral. 20c;
Star. 1 20c; Extra Star." 24c; Elaine,' 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
case*.. 21*ic:- Benzln*. in bulk, 14c; in cases.
20%c;; 80-degre» Gasoline;' In-, bulk. 20c; in
cagCT. ' 26%cv* ¦' • ¦<.»¦* -•- • - V ¦ - -v- -
• -TURPENTINE — 67o'per gallon in eases and
61o ' in •drum* and iron barrels.' : ¦• ¦
> SUGAR — Tha Western -Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, .per ,1b,, in 100-lb. bag»: -
'Cubes." Crashed"" and Tine * Crushed. S.OSc:
Powdered. 4.90c : . Candy . Granulated, , 4.90c ; Dry
Granulated.' 4.80c; • Confectioners' A. 4-SOc;
Fruit Granulated,- -4.S0c; Beet Granulated (1C0
lb.bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c: Extra
C. 4.30a; Golden' C. 4.20c; D..4.X0c; barrels, 10c
more; half -barrels, - 25c more; boxes 50c more;
50:1b bags.'. 10a, more. No orders. taken for lass
than -75 . barrels < or - its ¦ equivalent. ¦ Dominos,
half-barrels.. 5.00c:- boxes, S.65o- per 1b.
On the morning session of the Bond Exchan?*
Spring Valley Water was higher at $85 75 and
Alaska Packers at $160 5O@1S1 75. Giant Pow~:
der sold at $77 50@77 75. California "Wine sold
:at ?97. The latter company is . now preparing
its annual statement, and It is expected to.
make a very fine showing. The brokers say
that it paid out $312,000 in dividends in 1901
at the rate of COc per month; that Its net profits
'were over $500,000, and that it la carrying over
a surplus of over $300,000. At this rate the
stock paid 7.20 per cent to investor:-, last year.
. The oil stocks continued quiet and unchanged.
In the afternoon the feeling was firm and
several stocks advanced. Alaska Packers sold
up to $163. Giant Powder to $78 50, Hutchin
son to $15 and Honokaa to $12.
At the recent annual meeting of the Presidio
and Ferries Railroad Company the old directors
and officers were re-elected. Despite the heavy
soldier traffic in 1900. the gross earnings for
1901. show : an Increase of $300,000. Dividends
of 10c per share, paid in 1900. were continued
for the first three months ot 1901, then raised
to 15c per share monthly for the second quar-'
tor and again raised to 20c per share monthly!
for the last half of the year, with an extra div
idend of 10c per share thrown In for Christmas.
This is the best dividend record the company
has made in several years.— These dividends for
1801 ( aggregate $20,500. . The directors are anx
ious to put the road under the electric system.
JD ™
: i
: x
r = a
¦ j^^-
'"I i
S
=
: : 3
rr^» »
-r
•i ' -^
: ?
Cloudy .30
18
4S
. r x»
2«
Hnow .<»4
«.'I<?ar .00
<"Iear .'C
«.'Iear .00
FJ
P<
30
Clear .<K)
Snow .5S
Clear .<"O
.ngel<
Clear .««»
i'\
V'.
Bi
R(
!=*
Ha
Bl
•to
<STT
Fr
. (
lx ..
nd ..
;iu?r .
urg
>ake
rancii
OfciFf
in
.^*
it
24
W
r,4
-8
34 :
34
34 :
14 :
40 '
2« :
SE
J!
K
W
N
<l*»ar .00
Kaln .0.5
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .Wl
Clear .00
Cloudy .12
flear .««
«^lcar .00
w
v.
r. 1
a'.:
ok,
¦ah
in
14
a
is
•S3
i)2
40
22
40
36
56
40 ;
12 !
°8
10 -
so :
x\v
s\v
E
S
AV
N
near ,0O
Pt Cldy .oc
<:iear .02
Clear .04
Pt Cldy .04
Clear .02
Clear .00
7 t
. 45
deere
ees.
JD ™
: i
: x
r = a
¦ j^^-
'"I i
S
=
: : 3
rr^» »
-r
•i ' -^
: ?
Cloudy .30
18
4S
. r x»
2«
Hnow .<»4
«.'I<?ar .00
<"Iear .'C
«.'Iear .00
FJ
P<
30
Clear .<K)
Snow .5S
Clear .<"O
.ngel<
Clear .««»
i'\
V'.
Bi
R(
!=*
Ha
Bl
•to
<STT
Fr
. (
lx ..
nd ..
;iu?r .
urg
>ake
rancii
OfciFf
in
.^*
it
24
W
r,4
-8
34 :
34
34 :
14 :
40 '
2« :
SE
J!
K
W
N
<l*»ar .00
Kaln .0.5
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .Wl
Clear .00
Cloudy .12
flear .««
«^lcar .00
w
v.
r. 1
a'.:
ok,
¦ah
in
14
a
is
•S3
i)2
40
22
40
36
56
40 ;
12 !
°8
10 -
so :
x\v
s\v
E
S
AV
N
near ,0O
Pt Cldy .oc
<:iear .02
Clear .04
Pt Cldy .04
Clear .02
Clear .00
7 t
. 45
deere
ees.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY,; FEBRUARY T, 1902;
12
DTTSiyESS CHAJfCES— Conttnned...
SACRIFICE) — New furniture ! in cottage, T
rooms and bath; elegantly furnished; hot and
cold water; large yard; low rent: lovely
home; less,than half original cost; Geary st,
near Octavia. Inquire room,,72, St. Ann's
bldg.. 6 Eddy ttt.'
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent: explanation free. IC. S. HAND & CO..
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton st.
HERE'S an opportunity— Leading grocery and
hardware store in Point Richmond for sale at
Invoice; If you want a good business right in-
vestlgate. Box 3332, Call office.
FOR sale — Cigar etand ; transfer corner: rea-
sonable. Inquire NE. corner Folsom and Sth.
GOOD paying business; low rent; good reason
for selling. 396 Sixth st.. bet 9-12 a. m.
$600— FOR sal*; the Palace Restaurant. Val-
lejo. Cal.; gr» (it chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
LODGING-HOUSES FOlt SALE.
TO BUY, SELL OR- EXCHANGE,
Call on US
Any house sold on payments
Call and Get Our Large List
We have houses in all parts of city.....
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms ....'. $300
6S rooms; corner; clears $400 3500
1* rooms: clears $75; only 250
' 19 rooms; rent $40; clears $80 450
10 rooms; swell; bargain 800
IS rooms; very good; rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.; phone John 531.
906 Market st., cor. Ellis, room 12.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st (Inc.) Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
¦ Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21-22-23; phone Bush 31U
II you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness ty Mil, list with us. Flats from 4 to 9
roomy for $215 to $1400; lodging-houses frem
6 to JJS for $225 to $12,000: boarding-houses
from 8 to 88 rooms for $850 to $0000.
McDAMEL, EKIRM & CO.. '
. 993 Market, room 4 and 4A.
IS rooms, Eddy st. rent $80 Price $1150
23 rooms. Taylor st. rent $100 Price $1200
40 rooms. Powell, trans., bargain.. Price $3500
12 rooms. Mason, money-maker.. Price $300
24 rooms. Mason St.. rent $80. ...Price $1200
6PECIAL BARGAINS.
17 rooms, cheap rent, must sell $575
30 rooms, rent only $75. near Powell st. .1400
63 rooms, corner, modern building, snap.. 950
30 rooms, rent $S0. reduced to 1S00
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
A — Near th« Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., rms, 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
v ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
offlce All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st. — Bargains in
lodfcing-hoUBes, for sale from $300 to $6000;
call and sea our list before buying and we
can satisfy you; if you want to sell, list
with us and we make quick sale.
$3800 — 56 ROOMS: corner house: all rented.
For Bale only by BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$1600 — 3S ROOMS on one floor; all rented. For
pale only by BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
BUYERS, if you want -a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or If you want to borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent, call on M. E.
RIVES. 916 Market st.. rm. 69; tel. Main 128.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
A— BUYERS or sellers, we can suit you. H.
C. DECKER. 1020 Market st: phone Mint
796; over 2<5 years in this business.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. $225; must be
Fold: cause, death: 17 rooms. 2S% Clay st.
SPIRITUALISM. ~~~~
BROCKWAY will discontinue the seances Sun-
day, Tuesday and Thursday nights on the ac-
count of the special readings that he is glv-
inir: all who present his ad In clairvoyant
column, this paper and date, will receive a
private reading at 25c. 1052 Ellis -st. bet.
Franklin and Gough. ! . ;-, -„
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; SOc. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium.;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st: readings dally,
SOc and $1; circle every night. 10c. !
ETHEL CRINDLE'S farewell seances Satur-
dsy. 2 p. m.; Sunday eve: SOc. 325 Ellis St.
MRS.VALEEX.medium and palmist, will guide
you right; 50c. 1583 Market st. near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer; sittings daily; left to all to-night; 10;.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
KNOW THY FUTURE
And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT — PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or Influence any one
you leve or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours, 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
14. first floor. 1104— MARKET ST.— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
____________ -
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or-have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. If permanently located at 120C Mar-
ket «t. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send \ stamp for pamphlet
' with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth : private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
. Clairvoyant and Trance Medium,
Readings daily. 00c and up.
S07 Van Ness. Phone Larkin 2746.
A — MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal Eeer; reads your life correctly without
que6. ; full name* ; 50c-$l ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; SOc, $1. 234% Sixth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
KNOW your future: card and palm reading; la-
dles. 25c; gents. 50c. 2S9 Fell.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna et.. nr. 4th.
MRS. MALLORY. 017 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 60c.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th: German ppoken; tel.Jesslel563.
50c. $1 — Prof. Weller, clalr.. palmist, card read-
er; mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller.
lia» removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up.' 5 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Work*. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carp»t-beatlng Works — Cleaning.
•tr- renovated, relaid. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp2542.
ADVANCE C«rp«t-cleanlng Co.. 402 Putter st:
tPl. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st: tel. Mission 203.
CONKUN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
533 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Ea^st 126..'
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno^
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. 6th
floor, 916 Market st ; advice free. . Tel. Bush
191;' able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
¦ unless successful. Room 310, 927 Majket st.
¦ .. _ COTTAGES- TO LET.
A — COZY. 5 rooms, bath; nice yard; 30' min-
utes' ride from city. A." M. SPECK & CO.
667 Market - «t. -
DRESS3I AKERS~AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Milliner^ School—'
¦ Class rates; patterns cut. ¦ 1010 Market St.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. . WM;
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINsT"92f Mar5e~st.. Emma
- Sprockets bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prlcee; pure gold fillings. $1 60; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless i extraction. .. . . ¦
(I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes ¦ for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK,' 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTP.O-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.., extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4&0
up; offlce hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
& to 2. J. W. THATCHER.' D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given ; lady attendant R. C. ANDERSON,
D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 BOjflllings.SOc;
plates $5 full set; all work painless and war-
• ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth at.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. BupIi —
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, $.1; filling*:, ROc.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. H Geary st; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary. nr.Larkln— Pain-
leea ext. 60c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
. DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, calunTTpeclaUst
late of New York City, has Just located at
806 Jones st, where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated ' animals; offlce
j hours 10 to 3: telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERIXG — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laoratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. - 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. •
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees' a complete bus. education; shorthand,
I typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
I spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL .OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pheian building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is thfs advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlons. Alcatar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers tn account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical iookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. I Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mlntng.mech.sur-
. vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.: est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modem methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st.
J Piano, vocal school: thorough, successful instr'n:
y exp.teachers. 1017 Sutter. C.Hoffman.director.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
j etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
6PANISH,French,etc.Prof.De.Fllippe'sAcademy
of Languages.31!0Post:estab'dl871 ;ablestprofs.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
; MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
I VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Pro'f. MERKI, good
I teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
I Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
I Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
I ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
I ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st. ;
I MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
j lessons, 60c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
j HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 186.1; new SO-pase catalogue free.
I EMPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
I r r _ _..._.^^_._.... r| ,_ ,-,-,- .-.-,.-.- L r '
• A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
! Kinoshita, 123.1 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
' CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
j Grand Japaness-Chtnese Emp.Offlce. 415 Etock-
i ton; tel. Grant 16S; expert reliable help.
I JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
I waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
! RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish most
. reliable help. 524 Bueh st; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.Chl-
¦ nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED— KEMALK.
SCANDINAVIAN cook. • best of references^
also neat Eastern Irish superior cook in all
branches, wish situations. Apply for them
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — A position as working housekeeper
! for widower by a woman -with a 4-year-old
! child. f Call 799 Mission st, cor. Fourth. - '
i MIDDLE-AGED lady desires position as com-
; panion and helper to invalid: reference first-
! 'class. Box 12. 305 Larkln st. !
j COMPETENT young woman wishes placo In
; hotel as waitress or chambermaid; _ refer-
i ences. • Box 3318, Call office. . .
! GIRL wants situation to do general -housework
|- and cooking. 322 Fremont st. . •
J A GOOD seamstress wants work by the day In
; ' private family; wages $1. Box 3360, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes housework or second work;
no washing; sleep home. 211% Bartlett st.
A RELIABLE English woman will give three
hours dally for room. Box 3349, Call office.
WANTED— Position as. saleslady by young
woman who has had experience in all retail
' departments. Call or address MISS SMITH,
1433 Mission st.
WANTED — A position as chambermaid; sleep
home. MRS. OVERMAN, 153% Third- st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and .respectable;- free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. ". „ ;
j CLASSIFIED advertlse/nents and subscriptions
! received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established : at 1096
Valencia st. • s . , . .'
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
j POSITION as bookkeeper, offlce work or sales-
man in a wholesale or retail house; can give
best of references. Box 3355, Call offlce. ,-
RELIABLE man and good penman seeks posi-
tion aa copyist or plain bookkeeping. Ad-
dress box 3359, Call offlce. ¦ . . .• .¦'.'-
YOUNG man attending school wants work for
his board; private family • preferred. Box
3350, Call office. ¦.--•¦ .\
YOUNG man, 24. good salesman, desires to
learn gents' furnishing or clothing business;
best of references. Box 3361, Call office. 1
SITUATION by a No. 1 general blacksimth for
mountain custom shop; best wages expected:
habits temperate. Address room. 663, Win-
chester Hotel, city. . :.' ,
PAINTER, gralner and paperhanger wlshrs a
job for public or private; It won't hurt to in-
vestigate.. Address C. J. E., box, 3345, Call.
YOUNG man* 24, .seeks' employment; honest
and not afraid of work. ¦' Box 3348, Call... .;
SCOTCHMAN, up-to-date accountant, writes
fluently French, German. ¦ Portuguese ; and
Spanlrh, C years In South America, seeks po-
sftlon In offlce. Address P.. box 3321. Call.
MIDDLE- AGED man wants to run errands and
make himself generally. useful or any >other
light work; small wages; has good references.'
Box 3469, Call offlce. . -
WANTED — Position as manager ¦ or salesman
for company desiring a representative - at
Buffalo or Rochester, 'N. Y. W. H. HAW-
¦ LEY JR.. Perry Center, N. Y. -
MALE ' professional nurse ; * Al references ; be-
longs to K. P. and Red Men; can take care
of any case. Address JOHN NEWMAN.' 363
Mission st. -¦-.3fi&P>jra39aEt&agSRSE»fr4jOHia
MAN and . wife want work, on ranch or, private
-place preferred; wages reasonable; .. experl-
enced. Box 3328. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man desirous of obtaining a position
as' assistant bookkeeper, : timekeeper or. any
thing in the line of oflce work;, best of refer-
ences. Box 3312, Call offlce. _¦.-¦¦¦- ..¦•/..
JAPANESE wants: situation; as- second cook
or assistant baker in country. Box 3476, Call.
SAW FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. '
BRA.NCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
* 30ii Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. xa.
TC» McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
r.15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
1341 Mission street: open until 10 p. ra.
l'2t;i Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FHlmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIAG NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL ! Lodge No 22. F and bT*
A. M.— THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER-^Jk
NOUN, at 2:H0 o'clock second degree, a/
By order of the W. M. r** y
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec
MISSION Lodee No. 169. F. an'd A. M. •
— Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- j£J\
gree. R, E. ALLAN. Sec. f'W^,
CALIFORNIA Council No. K^gESSI^k
JV30. National Union— The *^gg5555SS»^
luneral of Friend A. ' '"11
VEXTOX will be held at
residence, 628 Haight st.. at 2vp. m. SAT- ;
iftlJAY. February 1. under the auspices of
California Council. Members pi all councils
Invited. A. H. KINGSFORDT President
CHAP. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
A SPECIAL meeting of the Plumbers'. Gas and
Steam Fitters' P. and B. Society will be held
SATURDAY EVEXIKG, Feb. 1. 8 o'clock.
1504 Market Bt. By order
THOS. FARREL.L, President
W. J. KILPAY, Secretary. ¦ ' ¦
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
gation Company will be held at the office of
¦ the company, 327 Market et.. In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
THURSDAT, the 13th day of February. 1802,
«.t the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of euch other business as may come before
the meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS, Sec
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of th»
6ierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company. No.
229 Crocker building, city and . county of
San Francisco, State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February. 1902, at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of fuch other business ¦ aa
rosy come before said meeting. - •
S. M. RICKEY, Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual ¦ meet-
ing of the stockholders of The California
Fiipar Refinery will be held at the. of flee of
the company. 327 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the third day of
February. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. rr... for the purpose of electing a board
oi directors to serve fcr the ensuing year.
nr.d the transaction of ruch other business
as may ccfme before the meeting.
CHAS A. GIBSON. Secretary.
ACEXT5 WASTED.
AGENT to handle new line eteel pens; big
profit*; exclusive territory. The Bessemold
Co., Boston, Mass.
MEN wanted: experience not necessary. Call
105 Hayes gt.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings
by mall If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTOKSEYS AT LAW.
B. "VT. KING. atty.. Examiner bulldtnc. room
C13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges: open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;qulck;qulet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evpnincf by»ppointnaent;phoneJohn31St-.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages :blllc of sale; partner-
ships: def-ds; wills drawn ; no fee unless fuc-
e<?sef ul ; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar"
kft St.; consultation fr*e; no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
GOOD strong practical electric automobile of
-local manufacture: muet be sold at once;
at a bargain. Apply . to A. E. BROOKE
RIDLEY. Parrott bldg.
WITH a capital of $5000 an agency lor elec-
tric automobiles can be obtained. 1 Address
1CT Sansome gt. |
nOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with own home would like children to
beard: good care. 3218 Sixteenth st
11OOKS XEW AXO OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought ; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 11*9 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS. CHAJVCES.
A— 41000; PARTNER wanted In manufacture
ing business to attend office. Call R. G.
Ill 1LKE, 2<J>i Kearny Et. . .
A— S7.V): SALOON establ. yeare ; close to Kear-
ny and Bush ets. Call R. G. WiLKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A — $*50; COFFEE taloon and restaurant on
Fourth st.; rent $2S; dally receipts about
*25; ewncr to leave for Nevada. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2G\j Kearny st.
A— $300; COKNER grocery and bar with 4 liv-
ing rooms; best location In the Mission; rare
chance See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A— $1:JCK>; BAKERY on leading business street
in Western Addition; established 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
about 2*4 barrels per day. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — JCOO; CHOP' and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— 41000; CAXDT etore on Mission et; rent
{18, place establ. years and doing a good pay-
sug business; value In Eight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26>i Kearny st.
A— $1000; HAY. grain, wood and coal yard on
Mission St.; rent ?40; «?stab. 20 years; other
business compels owner to sacrifice; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— ¥700; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
fcy owner 7 jears; clearing above $150 per
month; located In and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days" trial given
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — CIGAR etand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$*00; stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A — $000; COFFEE caloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying,; located
• loss to Chronicle building; bargain; call
_joon. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny. Et
JOSEPlTsTRAui!
S50 Market Bt., cor. Stockton,
Telephone Grant 177.
Ileal Estate A cent.
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected.
• Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business
. _ Agent.
Do you want to a»\\ ycur business or 'do you
want a partner for legitimate business' call on
above address.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 277L ~
» Eddy St., rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodslng-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands leases.
Money to loan on any of the above. *
FOR SALE— 2 good coffee and chop houses:
dally for both places about $65;
clearing over $200 per month; party going
to Europe. Address P. F. OLSON. 641 Clay
ft., or 908 Kearny st.
C200— STATIONERY and candy store.' opposite
fchoolhouse; value in stock; established 5
y^ars; rent $16 to good tenant with reter-
__ fiices. KREDO & CO.. 14 Flood building.
$250— PARTNER In fine ealoon: grand loca-
tion; positive safe, reliable Investment; don't
miFg it. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st.
A-THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 60 to $6
daily. AeK C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
SIXTH-BT. saloon; owner must ' Bell to-dav.
Mike offir to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
WANTED— A practical farmer to take sole
charge of ranch. Apply at 1116 Washington
«., Oakland, room 3. between the hours of
,9 a. m. and 3 p. m.
FOR SALE— nulcher shop doing good busl-
n«*s; splendid location; must be sold. Corner
Day. and Sanchez ets.
DRESSMAKING— A long established and suc-
cessful dressmaking business for sale. Ap-
ply at rooms 1S5 and 136. Murphy building.
$750— GOOD paying business; low rent; good
bCt*°9-/'» Or a* elllnF ' lnqulr * *} 396 Slxth st -
FOR sale— Butcher shop; muet sell right away
Elshth st^ 1 * Bn * P fOr 80me CD ** * 86
IF you want to buy a business or sell co to
DECKER. P21 Market et "* S • °
CONFECTIONERY business; must be sold at
once; reasonable rent 762 Larkln et
EALOON. all complete. 17% Steuart et. rent.
$20. price. $85; cause, sickness. Apply 202 2nd.
CIGAR stand for sale, only $300; worth $500;
Ficknese: come Investigate; no agents 1446
Market et. . or ' j
$1300— FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store; full
investigation allowed. Box 3322, Call.
HELP WANTED—^FEMALE— Con. ,
WANTED— Girl with some . experience to sew
. In tailor, shop. ¦ 2135 ' Flllmore at.
EXPERIENCED silk waist hands; j good pay.
• JUDA BROS., 320 Market st
A GERMAN woman a«_ governess; state re-
llglon; salary $30. Box 2994. Call.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
—^ — —^ ——————— ————_¦
HELP WANTED— -MALE. \
.A—MURRAY & READY. . . . .Phone Main 5848
i leading Employment and Labor Agents,
': .. 634-636 Clay street.- ,'¦
Office open 7 a.m.
!' Manfor general merchandise store, coun-
try, good "place; 2 pipe caulkers, city, job:
- stableman; private, city, $25 and found; 5
' farmers; 3 teamsters: 3 choreboys; 2 Italians
for fruit farm; 2 pruners: farmer and wife,
• fruit farm, $40 and found; 3 slack coopers,
see boss here, $35 and found:. 2 sash- weight
molders, city. ' • 1
WOODCHOPPERS.
, "125 woodchoppers '...... .Virgin timber
Level ground ...................... Big prices
Redwood ?...'. .80c per cord
Pine ....Jl 25 per cord
Hardwood ..»;v. . .'.... $1 50 per cord
Cheap 'Fares — Ship Saturday.
S woodchoppera Tor. another Job; stove
wood; tools and grub furnished; $1 80 and $2.
25 tiemakers 12c to 18c each
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC.
Clerk, country store:.. .....'. ,.......-. $50 j
5 cooks, 3 waiters, 3 short-order cooks, 15
kitchen hands, etc., etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay street.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S....io4 Geary »t.
¦ Wanted— 50 header and' cornermen, drillers
and muckers for the big tunnel at Chats- j
worth Park .$2 to $2 .50 a day
Free fare -. . » .Free fare
. C. R, HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S......610 Clay st.
Farmer and wife, near city, $40; 4 wood-
choppers, blue gum. $2 40 a cord; man about
place,' $25; driver for milk wagon, $30; red-
wood tie and post makers; middle-aged Ger-
man for family, $15 and found; railroad
scraper teamsters, free fare.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st— Pastry
coota assistant, French preferred, $30; second
cook, $70; potwasher, $30; waiter and make
beds, boarding-house, $25; butler, i $40; five
Scandinavian or German farmers, |25; porter
for dining-room, $20, etc. • . ; •
GARDENERS, fl5 and found; 3 farmer*, $25 i
and found ; . 3 slack work coopers, $35 and !
found;, fanner and wife, $40 and found: j
Scandinavian chore man, $15 and found;!
cooks, waiters, dishwashers and others, t J. J
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED-.— An' elderly /business man; wages |
*10 per month. Call at ANDRE'S, 316
Stocktoi; st.
A SHIRT polisher, .Southern California; Jjalf
.rate fares. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st. . _ . .
BARBERS — Journeymen Barbers' Union .meets
Monday evening, Feb. S. W. E. KlepetskJ.
general secretary-treasurer, will address the
union. JOS. R. BLEILY, Cor.-Fln. Sec.
TRUSTWORTHY person each county to man-
age business old-established house; bona-fide 1
weekly cash salary $18 paid each Wednesday !
with all expenses . from headquarters; money I
advanced for expenses. Manager. 339 Caxton
building. Chicago.
BIGGEST bonanza on the market; $10 to |25
per week easily earned; no experience neces-
sary: (1 80 starts you in business; it will
pay you to investigate. New York Novelty
Co., 993 Market st.. room 1.
WANTED — Experienced domestic ' salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced man to run electrical
lever elevator. ! Apply between 8 and 11 a.
m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— A silver plater and all around man.
Apply San Francisco Novelty and Plating
Works, corner Bay, Stockton and North
Point sts., city.
GOOD cutter and all' around tailor for nearby 1
town. Call DETMER WOOLEN CO., 643
Market st ¦_ - .. j
WANTED — Head Btarcher. $15 per week; must ]
be experienced. United States Laundry, 16th
and Valencia sts.
WANTED— Shipping clerk- at RAPHAELS.
Incorporated. - - . *
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 605 Mission
¦ street. • -
BARBER- from 5 o'clock Saturday to 12 Sun 1
day. 414 Montgomery ave. .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 3250 Mis-
sion st. above Twenty-eighth.
BARBER." first class, for Saturday and Sun-
day. 2197Vi Powell st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
375 Fifth st. ;
WANTED— Shoe fitters on wax and dry thread.-
Wentworth & Swltzer Shoe Co., 26 Main st.
WANTED — A second waiter, at Ney Golden j
Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth st. . j
— — ; -zzn ~~~~ "I
WANTED— A cook. 416 Third st. . ' !
GOOD second tenor for male quartet. Box 3362,
Call offlce. ¦£
GOOD cook wanted at 1502 Kentucky st.
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $100
month. Apply 209 Kearny. st.', room 1. . j
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good I
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not '
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED — A competent qualified shoe trav-
eler for . Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office. . ¦ -¦
WANTED— Soldiers who enlisted in U. S. Vols.
to apply fcr two months' extra pay, due un-
der a decision of the U. S.' Court of Claims.
CHAS. and WM. B. KING, .
¦ 344 Pheian building.
¦WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
wseks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.-
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, etlll
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn ' barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donate J;
.catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. C35 Clay st. - \
WANTED — Outside salesman for cloaks and I
suits; state experience and reference. Ad-
dr»!=s box 3.-140. Call offlce.
GOOD advertising man for The Raven, y Call
Saturday 3 p. m. t room 727, Emma Spreckels
building. . . ¦
YOUNG man -willing to work for his tuition.
¦¦- Cal. Business College. 305 Larkln st.
EXTRA ' pay now due U. 8. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; finest location
, In city. Call 1344 Turk st
AGENT and peddler to sell fine art \statuary
work;: good profit. Statuary factory, 612
• Powell st.
WANTED— A flrst-class brewmaster for the
country, 3314, Call.,
WANTED— At 630 Market St.. State and U. S.
. volunteer soldiers; bring discharges. HOWE.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe«,
I 60c up; soling 20c, up: 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale, 60c up. . 241 Third st « •
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. 3.' 40. Pheian
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post^ G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for. all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st . - .„"
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sis.
ALL size men's shoes.' slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. . near Mar-
.. ket — 200 / rooms,- 25c night; ¦ reading - room*;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received 'at Call branch office. 2200 'Flllmore.-
A, BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been » established ' at 1096
• Valencia st. ¦¦ '. ' . ; ¦. - ¦
¦ HOUSES AM) WAIiONS.,-,-/--/
A* LOT of horses for ; sale ;¦. at Arcade Horse
, Market. 827 , Sixth st : also buggies, wagons,
harness.' etc. ; suction sales every . Wednesday
at 1 1 a: m. JOHN J.' DOYLE, Auctioneer.
AUCTION sale, Monday, Jan. 20; . , 40 ' head
• heavy; wagon ' and ¦ livery - horses "at 11 :.>0
a. -m. Santa 1 Clara Milk Co., 721" and ,723
- Howard st : ¦ - }]•¦¦ ¦•;<- ..— -i, -;
FOR Sale— 2 saddle horses; Just from the coun-
!"'¦> try; well broke: : gentle; -good single-footers.
. "Address 077. Seventh ave.. East Oakland. ;'
SANTA, ROSA* sale : and- stock.yard; horses,
" harness, and .buggies bought and. sold.' 1499
Market st , cor. Eleventh.- Phone South 864.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and. road horses. ,. DA LZIEL. 005 G. G.. ave.
¦AN. A" No. :1 express wagon, -single; also light
¦•,!. camping wagon for. sale cheap. 532 Mission.'.'..
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at HEI-
-NEMAN'S, 109 Sansome st. '
. ' HOUSES T° LET.
A — PRINTED lint houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — PURMSHEP.
SACRAMENTO, 3712— Nicely furnished sunny
house of 8 rooms; bath. Call 10 to 12 a. m.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW modern house,. 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement, yard. Portola, off Waller,
; bet. Pierce and Stelner. - Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC; HA1M 'rKJ-AT-UfclVr.
LADIES and • gentlemen, this interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 89.'. 139 Post st.. Ltebes building.
~ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Saturday. January 11. 1902. certificate
I No. 11 of the Gray Wing Mining Co.: trans-
fer of the same has been stopped. Return to
Call office, Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST— Sunday night, diamond horseshoe; lib-
eral reward will be paid/ Finder return same
. cigar store. 1000 Market st.
$100 REWARD — Lost. Saturday. Jan. 25. pearl
and diamond wreath pin: 7 diamonds and 7
pearls. Return W. K. VAXDERSLICK CO.
FOUND— In Mission, gold watch; owner to
t pay expenses. Box 2303. Call offlce. Oakland.
FOUND — A stray Great Dane pup. Owner can
find same at 1325 Mission. b*t. 5 and 6 p. m.
MATRIMONIAL. /
GENTLEMEN wlihlng to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 70o Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWg.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
steryj Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
Bt; tel.Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
LADlfirf — All who are sick or In trouble call *
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases- taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medic&i treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; teller to the longest cases;
all private diseases In both sex treated; blood
diseases cured, 10 to 30 days. DR. <3. W.
[ O'DONNELL. 101S Market St.. opp. Fifth. '
j A-^MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royah Univer-
; sity, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladies
I bsfore and during confinement; best care;
[confinement $15; rm.. board, $5 wk. ; Infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resld., 006 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist; •
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran- •
teed; home before and during confinement;
-infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'FarreU st
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies* physician, haa
returned from the East and resumed business ;
home In confinement. 112 Mason at., formerly .
- of 1312 Golden Gate ave. i
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
! at the old offlce. 122$ Market st; 30 years'
: experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. BT GOODWIN, ladles* physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market st., opp. Fourth. '
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement 1126 Market st., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. NG TOT KEE, 210 Stockton st, opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND' MINING. ~
GEO.D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big-.. S.
V. : branch offlce. Nome. Alaska: ~ason 190C.
MINING AND ASSAYING. "
I FOR eale — Property of the Live Oak Consoll-
j dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
| vada County. 15 miles north of Auburn: 2
j patented claims, 8-starajr quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
for inspection. Further particulars from A.
MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal.
v^ MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS. englne3, 2d-hanC machinery. M=-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont St.
DOW steam pump, 5-inch suction, 4-inch dis-
charge, Al condition, $125; Knowles triple-
throw plunger pump. 61^x8, almost new.
$250; direct connected engine and dynamo.
200 lights, all right, $150: lathe, 26-inch
swing. 12 feet long, engine work. - $230;
smaller lathes cheap. H. !:. WHITE, 516
Mission st . \
FOR sale — One Payne Automatic cut-off high-
speed engine, 100 h. p.; also two Edison
dynamos. 480 18 c. p. lamps each. Englne-
j room. Fair bldg., S.W. cor. Pine and San-
j some Ets.
j A — BUYSj sells or rents gear, macninery, en-
1 gines, boilers, water pipes, ghatting. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 250-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A— $3 50 DERBY end Fedora hats. $1 75. PopiT
lar Price Hatters, 330 Ktarny st, near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. * MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4;!7 Montgomery at.
A SEALSKIN Jacket latest style, $35. HAR-
RIS' Loan Offlce. 105 giockton st
Wallpaper 3c. worth lCc;' paperhangtn;, paint-
ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; teL Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. UP Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried »a stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-42:; Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
I bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 0 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and IM-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK 131 Post St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand lathe, in good^order;
-with chuck, face plate and tools. Address,
stating price. JAMES McCLATCHY CO..
CO., Sacramento, Cal.
SECOND-HAND corrugated iron; state quan-
tity, size, price. ROBINSON Chemical Co.,
1169 Howard at.
WANTED— A small or medium sized power,
or large foot-lathe, with chucks, tools, etc.
Send description to box 3356, Call offlce.
WANTED — Second-hand piano cheap for cash.
Box 3327. Call offlce. _^
FOR delicacy store, counter, scales, showcases,
gas stove, cooking uten., range. Box 3320, Call.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once.' box 1205, Call oftice.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S5L
iliitVfaS » * '» LOAN.
HER1IAN~MURPHY. 603 ExaniineTTuildlng"
$4,500,000 at lowest rates...
...... on tlrst and second mortgages
¦ Llfa interests in estates .........
1 ....... Property being held In trust
.... Undivided Interests in real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..'*
.....;..:.. If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. C03 Examiner big.'
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.),
*.".OO.(;(jO at .V,i & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country propertj ;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties: loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. M\N-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg .
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~~~T*-
First, second and thtrd . mortgages ¦;
Undivided interest in real estate in probate!.
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
...'...'.. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3 .*."!
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in e3tatea. legacies, undivided
¦interests." securities, manufacturing and mer-
. cantlle Interests, corporation loans. Room 16
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture, piano
- or household goods, without removal; confl-
dential. ORM.SBY.-26 Montgomery at, op-
r -posite Lick House.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant ave.. near
_ Geary . St.; phone Red 1C03.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
'-.liberal advances on diamonds; jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewiry Store. S4«
- Market st. : tel. Main 1644. K-anch 19 Thlr-1.
A RELIABLE corporation, established In 1863-
; proper place; to borrow money: on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and Eealsktns. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant; a v.. nr. Mkt; tel. Black 5471.
Money loaned salaried people without s<?curlty.
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
\ ' ' '
MOVEY TO LOAN— Cowtlntn»a.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflj^n-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages. & on fur. .
nlture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terras: nobroker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6*.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal; no
commto. confidential. Whltehead.1710 Market.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELU 609 Examiner bids.
3% ON" furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
I moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: prtvats
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th flr.
Oi» salaries. ><. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLET CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos^ lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without Indorser: other proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Pheian olj.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. SCO Pheian bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
"WANTED — $1100 on chattel mortgage; security
ample; Interest ten per cent; will deal only
with principals. Address X. box 5325. Call.
MIJSICAIi ISS'TRVMESTS.
ALL makes: rent $2 up, credited If purchased:
Installments $3 up; old pianos bought and
exchanged: bargains $25 up In Steinway
Heine. Chlckerlng, etc.; agents wanted for
Krell, Heine, Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount it you caa
pay $25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianos for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. 21T
Geary st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makerg to choosa from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $8 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, comer
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
BOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZT Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.- ;A
HAMILTON Pianos. (
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER..
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZT. 30S-310-31- Fo«t rt.
A FIRM'S failure to realize Immediate cash
have stored with us for advances a lot of
strictly high-grade new pianos; now for sal«
at any reasonable offer to raise money; they
must go: easy payments: other storage up-
rights $40 up. WILSON'S Storage, 1710
Market at. '
$175, $18q,OR ?200 will pay for a most excel-
lent piano if you come for it right away. Wa
have ethers for less or more money, and you
can make payments if you desire. Decker.
Wissner. Sieger or Singer piano* tn all
styles. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
789 Market st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ As
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickertng, Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
wlthir. 2 years and full purchase Price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a plan©
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
St.; established 1850.
A FINE large upright, $150; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case,
in use only a few months. ?275; new pianos
to rent, $3 50; squares. $1 60 and $2; Beck-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
SON. 23 5th St.. agts for Ivers & Pond pianos.
$147 WILL buy a good new piano during our
clearance sale at 933 Market St.: second-hand
pianos. $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
COMPANY^
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $100 up-
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
NFTW cabinet grand piano; taken for debt; will
sell at a great sacrifice. 108 Oak st.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up:
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House, 1729 Mlssn.
A BARGAIN: fine upright piano; for sale cheap
y for cash; call a. m.; no dealers. 1227 Hayes.
PRIVATE party will sacrifice, account death, -
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 595 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
$173 — A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMTTZ,
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Lathan place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shonlnger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The "Weekly Call.
1fl page*, in wrapper for mailing. SI per Tear.
NEW HYGIENIC TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Nes»
ave.: hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phon» Polk 1421.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 510 Mission st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckela building. 027 Market at Of-.
flees with modern conveniences. $15 to $25. "
ASHTON & GARDINER.
PALMISTRY.
G.' L. Neergaard. president St Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2953.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et, between Seventh and Eighth.
TUMORS AND CANCERS CURED— The Napa
Sanatorium will take a few cases of tumors
and cancers, making no charge until cure is
complete. Ad. Napa Sanatorium. Napa. Cal.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel,, 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY "$Dess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic offlce. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus.
Ohio.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each:
same aa white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
BERND KLASEN.' born in Ashfrlesland. wrtl
please call on Charles H. Cattermole. N.W.
cor. Davla and Broadway.
A NEW shampooing machine; dries your hair
in 10 minutes and benefits the hair: sham-
pooing 50c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth st. room
11; call after 7 p. m. •
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway. •
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed l-y
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed br
e'.cctric needle. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Markex.
ACTINA for sale by the A'VIda Company. t-C
Valencia st, corner Nineteenth.
Kkattij rink, art gallery. Mechanics* Pavilion:
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladle* free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair ami moles destroyed with
. electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter at
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLlNCk 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
. Instantly; 10c and 25c. AH druggists.
Mrs. -CSrlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
- by electric needle. 9C8 Sutter: tel.Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed,
MRS. ALL1E M. NUNN. 1002% Dolores st
JEWELRY for sale: diamonds, precious stonea
bought. T. Fershtand. 128 Kearny st. rm. 20.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN, A CO.. 733 Mkt!
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's. theatrU
cal costumer. 2tt O'FarreU; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dresa pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
DR.. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
. the best corn cure; 25c; all druggist!.
, EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man, German, wants work; anything:
does not speak much - Bnglleh. - Please ad-
dress box 3417, Call office. •¦.-."¦
JAPANESE, first-class laundry and ironing,
"wants situation, city or country. Box 3403,
¦ Call offlce. ... ,. - ,: r A '. V:.. ¦
JAPANESE boy wants position at housework
or plain cook. Box 3310, Call' of flee. _:-••
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦ Valencia st. ¦ : . - ' .... ¦ ¦' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st ,
• ¦•'".-• yiJTANCIAXJ •
COMPANIES Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for, services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND. INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed.
• etock brokers, 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — "We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FISHERY STOCK. .:
TH^TnTeT^me^FlsheTieT^Company was Incor-
porated under the laws of the State of Wash-
ington, with the main offlce at Seattle, for
the purpose of establishing two canneries,
one in Cholmondeley Sound. Southern Alaska,
and cr.e at Henrys Island. Puget Sound.
The capital stock of this company is $650,-
000. divided into 650.000 shares of the par
value of,$l each. The stock is non-assessa-
ble. We are negotiating for our machinery
and our boats are already built. We have
• placed 300,000 shares of our stock at Seattle
and vicinity. We have decided to place a
small quantity of the stock on the market
here in San Francisco at 15c per share. It
''¦will be worth $1 as soon as 'the cannerlea
are In operation. ' Some salmon canneries
stock sells now. for $168 per share. None less
\ than par In any cannery In actual operation.
Join now and get in on the ground floor.
Call or address ERWIN & CO., room 3, 1101
Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.-
No mlnlns — no oil — a straight proposition.
YOU KNOW there are PLENTY of salmon in
the Alaskan waters. We know that we will
catch and CAN them by July 1. We know
that we will make a large profit on our in-
.vestment You can make some of It The In-
ter State Fisheries Company stock, now 15:
per share, non-assessable, will be 25c Febru-
ary 15, 50c March 1 and none for sale April 1.
One hundred and fifty dollars Invested now
will be worth $1000 before the season's run
IP over. Fifteen cents per share till February
IB. The ; Inter State Fisheries Company of
Seattle. See about it. ERWIN & CO., room
a, 1104 Market Et. '
On . proven ground. Everybody knows
that the Alaskan waters are the natural ele-
ments of the salmon. Salmon larger than
have ever been seen in the southern waters,
' ¦ finer than the famous Columbia River chlnook,
il the Ring salmon of Alaska. We will have at
least one cannery in operation by June 15. 1002.
. No mining— no oil— but fish, and the KING
of fish, is what the Inter State Salmon Flsh-
1 erles Company proposes to catch and CAN.
Do you want to participate in its profits?
Youvan buy a few shares now at 15c per
share. You can turn $15 into $100/ before the
season's run is over by investing in the Inter
State Fisheries Company of Seattle. Two
cannery sites . in Alaska. Call and Investi-
gate. ERWIN & CO., room 3, 1104 Market
street.
A safe Investment if you buy Inter State
Fishei ies stock at 15c. It will be worth par
. by July 1. Call or address branch offlce,
ERWIN k CO.. Room 3. 1104 Market St.,
San Francisco. Cat. Phone Folsom 442.
¦_ _ FLATS TOIET. . _ . ¦
MODERN newly furnished complete 6-room
flat for rent cheap: call afternoons. 647 Ellis.
HAY WARD, 2, off Harrison, near Eighth —
Sunny upper fiat, 4 rooms; rent $10.
MINNA, 229— Upper flat of 4 large sunny
rooms.
SHRADER. 729,' near Waller — Elegant upper
flat, 9 rooms; 4 bay windows: $32 50.
3-ROOM flat and toilet. 982 Pine st, -near
¦ Taylor. ' ,
NEW upper, modern, sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath.
¦ 975 Golden Gate ave.: no children.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
California, 1304 — 3 large sunny rooms, . complete
. -housekpng. ; clean & convenient; reasonable.
GROVE. 721'4— Upper flat 5 rooms, nicely fur-
nished, complete for housekeeping, with piano.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. ~
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the wo.id:
¦ warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave. .
HELP "WANTED; — FEMALE. \
A^MRS°. M! E. DAr^CO 7.^PhonTjIain 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, south. $25, fares paid; 25 wait-
resses, city and country' hotels, $20-$25; 3
• chambermaids to wait, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Help of all nationalities for city and country
places; best wages. 1
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary St.
A — 6 FANCY Ironers, Southern California.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO^ 335 Geary st.
WANTED — 4 cooks, little washing, $30; 7 sec-
ond girls, $20-$25; 2 German nursegirls, $20-
$25: waitress forvValleJo, $20; housework for
P'renno. $25, see party Here: San Rafael, $30;
waitress, private boarding-house, $20; woman
and child for Martinez, $15; 2 girls, pantry
work and waiting for Institution, $20; house-
work, 2 in family, sleep home, $25; all kinds
. of housework, city and 'country: call to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter^t.
A— WANTED, girls and women at S. F. Halr-
¦ dressing College to learn hairdreVslng trade
thoroughly in 2 weeks; course $5, including
manicuring, massage, scalp treatment. bleach-
Ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions instoresall
over city; 5 positions In leading stores open to
- those entering immediately; girl not knowing
trade In 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
OPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co.'* Overall
Factory. S2^i Fremont St.; no experience
• necessary: good pay; steady workr Apply
WANTED — Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear; experienced only; steady work; elec-
tric power; good pay. MARKS BROS.,- 1212
. Market st. . . ¦ ..: ; s .
A NEAT, middle-aged woman to do light
housework for a good home and $10 a month;
v references. Address A. J. N., box 113, Rlpon,
' Cal. ¦ ' ¦ . ::¦.¦.¦. ¦ ,- ¦ ¦ - ¦'-
WANTED — Reflned, bright, neat woman; nurse
; for baby; some light chamber work. Apply
at once, 1511 Central ave., Alameda. - ;
WANTED— First-class experienced millinery
> trimmer. Apply at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Millinery maker. Apply . SAH-
LEIN'S Bon Ton Millinery. 873 Market st.
APPRENTICE in millinery store at 692 Mc-
Allister st. ; flrst-class teaching.
GERMAN girl for cooking and downstairs
work. 1018 Sutter st.
GIRL, assist, light housework. Apply . 1314
Jackson st.
German or Swedish girl general housework 1 -:
cooking: small family; wages $20. 60 Bartlett.
NEAT young girl as housekeeper, 3 in family;
references. 2100 Mission. LAYBAIN.
GIRL compositor wanted. Apply Wasp, of flee,
506 Mission st.' . - ...
LUNCH waitress. 511 Brannan st, . near
Fourth; call early. " -, ,
WAITRESS wanted.- 1191 Market st ' ¦" :
GIRLS wishing to marry write or call on MRS.
HERTZ, 706 Ellis St.: no charges. • -¦ ' ¦'-.•-¦--'-•
YOUNG girl- or woman to do light housework
and care of children. 1535 Devisadero et.
WANTED— Saleslady, must speak French and
, fcpan,sh,' for dry Rnd_fancy. goods store. Ad-
¦ .dress H. B.. box 3315. Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for skirts
and waists: good wages. Address H. F.,
box o317. Call ofl'.ce. - . -_ -.
YOUNG lafly subscription solicitor - for. The
Kaven. Call Saturday, 4 p. m., at:room 727.
Kimna Spreckela building.
BO . OK - KEEr>ER and stenographer; state in own
nanawriting experience, references, etc. Box
: __ s j 4 *.-Call office. - -
EXPERIENCED operators on. silk waists;
f. good pay; steady work. S: F. Mfg. Co.,
523 -Market st. ' _, •
WANTED— German Tor Scandinavian girl for
.general housework' and plain cooking in fam-
lly of 2; no wash; good home.' 105 Grove st.
EXPERIENCED talloress on coats; wages $9-
$12; steady job.; Call ready for work, 112
Kearny st. room 7. '
WANTED— First-class millinery : maker. Ap-
ply between 8 and' U a. m. at HALE BROS.
GERMAN or Swedish girl, good cook, good
wages. Call 353 Linden ave.. upstairs, v ;, !
WANTED— Machine operator. < H.' ANDER-
SON. co8tumer,-26.O'Farrell st, 2d floor.;Continued From Page- Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
's NEW ! WESTERN . HOTEL.
J S Muna, Pt Reyes E Montegue, Helena
H Kubltza; Wall Wall W de Martini. Kansas
J'S Moore, Kansas ¦'. J Saulslbury, Sacto .
E Witchson. NT M Hogan.SU Barbara
F Harling. St Paul : P Mayfort. Chicago
S E Miller & w, N Y F Walker, Chicago
: T H Pauge, Minn . Dr Ball, Fresno
B-Whlpple,. NY . W Brooks. Brooklyn
J W llacmi Her, "Wash Miss K Nelson. Tenn
VV L Anderson. Kansas J Guinans, Alabama
Mlas Johnson, Fresno H Carter, Phoenix • .
Y Clarckson. Butte 3 McGrath, Denver
Mrs Chretefsen & fm, Dr Roe, Denver
•¦ Log Angeles J Jones, Denver
J Thornton, San Jose '. ¦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
In the matter of the .petition of the Pa
cific CoaBt Company, owner of the steam
ship Walla Walla, and the Paciflc ' Coast
Steamship Company, for limitation of lia
bility In damage suits for loss Incurred
by the sinking- of the steamship. United
States Commissioner Morse reported to
the United States District Court yester
day that the Paciflc Coast Company was
the owner of the vessel, and - that the
value of the vessel after the wreck, and
her freight pending, was $1659 B0. All per
sons having claims against the vessel are
requested to file them immediately.
IJability of "Walla Walla's Owners.
- CLOSIX O QUOTATIONS.
JTRIDAT, Jan. 81—4 pl m.
Bld.Ask. ' . BULAsk.
Alpha — 04 Jnrtic* „„.. 11 12
Alta .„..«... 06 08 Kentnck ..... 01 02
Andes .».*... 01. 02 Lady Wash i, 01 —
Belcher 07 OS Mexican ,,—. SO 81
Beet & Belch. 12 13 Occidental ...07 OS
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr ,~~~. S3 8S
Caledonia . ... 25 .20 Ovsrman M^ 00 10
Challenge Con 10 12 Potosl .«..»«, 11 12
Chollar ...... 10 12 Savage M «^» 04 05
Confidence ... 66 — Scorpion ..... . — 04
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 20 Se» Beioharw. 02 03
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra N«r. H 13 16
Con Ne-ro-Yk. 01 — Silver wni, tt 70 74
Crown Point.. OS 06 St Louis _..»« 07 —
Eureka. Con... IS Standard **«.8 40 S> CO
Exchequer... — 02 Syndicate ,..« OS 07
Gould & Cur. 04 03 Union C01L.. 19 20
Hale & Noro. 23 26 Utah 01 03
Julia — 04 Yellow Jacket . 06 07
•- The lecturer then said that the stomach
was a member of "a union," and when
it was treated badly it went "on strike"
and called to its aid the. balance of the
human. organs affiliated with it.' In con
plusion Dr. Cheney described the weapons
used by the stomach when it declared war
and' told of. the symptoms of Indigestion
and' dyspepsia, which It called to its aid
He denounced the use of nostrums for
these ailments and said that If - mankind
would observe care in eating the stomach
would never rebel and demand better
treatment. ,
Dr. Cheney next described the various
manners in which the stomach was
abused and which caused that organ to
"go to war." "The stomach," said he,
!*never rebels without a reason. Over
work of the stomach, caused by over
eating, improper mastication of food and
drinking quantities of water with meals,
all' cause . the stomach to rebel. We dig
our graves with our teeth either by over
eating or byf hasty eating." . ' ¦ " ':
Dr. Cheney first compared the human,
stomach' to a fuel reservoir and then aa
a savings . bank. He described the pro
cess of digestion and the manner in which
the blood is enriched by food. The stom
ach . was also compared, to a quartz mill
and a chemical : retort, and the lecturer
declared that the majority of * ailments
and diseases are due to an excess of food
and not to an excess of liauor. .
Dr. William 1 Fitch Cheney delivered an
interesting lecture last evening: in tta
auditorium of ' the Cooper Medical | Col
lege, Sacramento and Webster streets.- the
subject of his address being- '"The Stom
ach at Peace and- War." There- was a
large gathering "of ladies and gentlemen
present at the lecture, and as Dr. Cheney
avoided technical terms his discourse was
keenly enjoyed by his auditors.'
the Oooper. Medical 1 -i^
College.
Medico Interests Audience *at
and at War."
¦Dr. Cheney Lectures on
"The Stomach at Peace
DISEASE IS DUE
TO OVEREATING
' The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ..
. Morning: Session.
' 800 Best & Belch. 13 1150 Potost ....... ' 11
100 Con C & V.I 17% ISO Potoat ....... 10
300 Gould & Cur. 03 200 Sierra Nev... 15
200 Justice ...... ' 14 200 Silver Hill... 61
200 Mexican ..... 32 200 Silver Hill... 62
,100 Ophir ....... 81 200 Silver Hill... 65
200 Ophir 82 200 Silver Hill... 68
200 Overman .... 10
v , Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 12 200 Opbtr ....... 82
800 Con C & .V.I 17% 300 Potoet 12
300 Gould & Cur. 03 200 Seg Belcher.. 03
700 Justice ....... 13 200 81erra Nev,.. 15
.400 Justice ..«.. 14 300 Silver Hill... 70
200 Mexican ..... 31 800 Union Con... 20
800 Andes '...."... 01 300 Sierra N*v... 13
l?0 Belcher ..:... 08 200 Silver Hill... 68
100 Con Cal & V.I 20 100 Silver Hill... 69
200 Hale & Norc. ¦ 26 300 Sliver Hill... 70
Afternoon Session.
'- -.'-'.- . ¦ ¦ ¦ Morning Session.
400 Best & Belch./ 13 200 Ophlr ....... 81
,255 S? lollar •••••• 10 20O Potoal 1J
IOOO Gould & Cur. 05 1100 Sierra Nev... 15
100 Hale & Norc. 26 300 Sliver Hill... 61
100 Justice ...... 14 300 Union Con... 20
500 Occidental ...0^ 200 Tellow Jacket 07
The f following were the sales v In ths\ San
Francisco Stock and Exchange . Board jesttr
day:.'.?," . . .
MININO STOCKS.
February, 1902.
CAIX CAIiE^DAR. '
An autopsy 'made by, Coroner's Surgeon
I>. D. Bacigalupl, yesterday 'upoo ( the bpdj-,
of 'John' Q'Hanlon, who idled on the'side
walk ¦- last ,- Thursday ¦ night | at • the Inter
section Ctt "Geary .and' Devisadero streets :
disclosed • the fact that i th« . cause of death
was consumption '<. of the lungs, and that
there had not been any foul play. • .,
O 'Hanlon Died of Natural { Causes.
• Mayor/ Schmitz and School : Director
Mark / yesterday ; vjsl ited > "the "district ac
commodated, by '.the Hearst' School with
a" view to securing quarters for- outside
rooms. - A Fire • Department storehouse In
the h neighborhood .. was' .-; inspected. ¦¦„'• but
deemed unsuited for: school, purposes. 5 It
is llkely.tthat two .rooms -opposite the
school .will'' be rented. .;¦;. ¦-., .
Booms • for Hearst ' School.'
. > ¦ - : •; :¦ Afternoon Session..
.800 Occidental of West Virginia". .... 20
IOOO -Petroleum Center (b' 60) .:.; -yog
100 Reed' Crude ..'.....;;..;......... 30
100 Weet Shore <b 90).,............... < 3 00
100 West Shore ......:... "2 90
PRODUCERS' OIL ' EXCHANGE.
- Morning Session/. '
\ Board— Wj3iJWP*2iittJB§BtBi
COO Reed Crude .'....;. 39
100 Sterling ,..:....... .:..'...;. l 15
. Selection,' San Francisco Association orches
tra (director C. ; E-'.Robsen); drill .Vretreat,'.'
.by "selected detail:. from :the Ninety-second and
'105th^ Coast' Artillery: solo, .."The Little Lass
I Love,": Philip ;H.: Price;, saber swinging, B. t
B. Johnson; solo, 1 . "Asleep in the Deep,"J .N
Galloway; recitation, /'A -Ride .for Lifev"
Esther G. Macomber; solo,' "A Dream," Mrs.
R.'F.<Rignon; cornet sold, ' Mr. Armand Puts
(director Third Artillery band) ;, sketch. "More
Trouble for Hooligan;". William Ampf J 'ir. n
Galloway, P. Price;' solo, '.'The Bells' of St
Mary's,".; J." B. . Ha.t(jher : -pantomime; ""The
Star Spangled, Banner," Miss E..C. Macomber
(solo by . G. ' Smith) ; , remarks, Chaplain ' Macom
berjrsolo, "Alia Stella >¦ Confldente," . Guy F.
Street;. sketch, i.*'Black and' White," J. N. Gal
loway, , William • Ampf, P. .Price... '. 4 .-- -.
• The United States army division of the
-Y. M.C.;A:' from the Presidio "gave an
entertainment" last night at ' the- Y. M. | C.
'A. Auditorium. Chaplain Macomber pre
sided : and Miss Nettle Gardner acted as
accompanist... The auditorium "was artis
tically ' decorated; with'. American .flags.
The following programme • was ; rendered :
teresting Function Given in
f : ' Auditorium.i
Chaplain Macomber Presides at . In-
ARMY DIVISION Y. M. C. A.
GIVES AN ENTEBTAINMENT
¦ Addresses on "District "Work,"- by Rev.
F. W. Clampett; "Establishment of a
Juvenile Court, in San Francisco," by ¦ Dr.
Dorothea-Moore, 1 and "Plans for, the Com
ing Year,'.' were delivered before the close
of the meeting. .v '
E. ; J. Bowen, Mrs. Mary W. Ktncatd, 8. W.
Levy, Miss Virginia Fitch, Ob good Putnam,
Mrs. William Hardy,* B. . P. . Flint, Charles A.
Murdock, Mrs. C.' Regensberger, Miss Anna
Head, Mrs. George H. Buckingham, Dr. Mar
garet Malfoney. Mrs.. Thomas Cole, Mrs. John
Hays Hammond, Mrs. Warren Gregory, ! Mrs.
Sylvaln Wetl.'.G. C. Woodward,- Alfred B. Ford,
Dr. Charlotte . B.' I Brown,- R. G.' - Green, - Rev.
D. O. Crowley, John F. Merrill, Miss Jessica
Pelxotto, Mrs. . M. C. SIoss, Mrs. George Pres
son, Dr. Dorothea Moore, Miss Hannah Les
zynsky. Miss Miriam K. Wallis,.Dr. F. W.
Clampett, Rev. V Bradford Leavitt, Oscar K.
Cushing, Herbert Lewis, F.H.Whelan; ;
The following directors, who will also
act as an executive counsel, were unani
mously elected:-- . • ¦"" ¦ ;i - ! ' : ¦'-.". -'¦•
¦ A. . new constitution and by-laws j were
adopted.' ' It was decided," in : order- to sys
tematize the work, to affiliate with the
San Francisco Conference of Charities.*
. The annual -meeting, and election of ofB
cers of the Associated' Charities was held
yfesterday afternoon ¦ In the Maple room
of the Palace, Hotel. : There was a large
attendance 1 ot representatives of j nearly
all the charitable organizations of. the
city. „' J. M.' Burnett, president of the St.
Vincent de Paul Society, presided.
Board of Directors Is Selected Repre-
senting All' Charitable' Organi
zations \ and Creeds. •-'
ASSOCIATED CHABITTES
. HOLD AiNNTJAL' I^/ECTION
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lll%H2% 4 S qr c (new)140 140^
.4s qr reg 111% 112% 3s qr coup. .109 109%
MISCELLANEOUS. BONDS.: •
Ala A W Co — — Oceanic 5s.. — 102%
Bay CPC 5s. 109 109% Ombus'C 6s;l31 —
Cal-st 5s 116%— Pac G Im 4s. 96 100%
S V Wat 5s..— — Pk&C H 6S..105 —
Ed L&P .6s. '¦—'"¦ — Pk&O R 6s..ll7 120
Fer&C H es.120: — Pwl-st R 6s:il9% —
¦Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95% —
H C&S 6%s. — — SF & SJV5s. 122^123 ¦
aDo 6s..... — Sierra Cal 6s. — • —
L Ang R 5s. 120% — S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) 111% —
Do gtd 6s. — ' — (1910) ...'.113 —
Do gtd 5s. 103% 104% S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. — 101% (1905)Sr A.108% —
Dolcm 58.101 .103 (1905)Sr BvlO9% —
Mkt-stC, 68.125 — ' (1906)- 111% —
; Do lem 5s. — 122% ' (1912) 121%122
N-R O 6s /...111 — . S P. Cal 1st • ¦
- Do -5s T.'fi: 122" c gntd 58.120 —
N Pad C 6s.lOS.i;i — Do stmpd..H0% — ¦
N CarRJf.112%113% S P BrCal6s.l37 — '-
Oak Gas^a.114- — S V Wat 63.113% —
Oak Tnu6s.l21% Do 4s .....103% — "
Do 1st c5s.109%110% Do^sSdm.lOl 101%
Oak W sr 6s. — 103. Stkn Gas 6s.lO2% —
/. '¦ f... WATER STOCKS.' c.
Contra Oosta— - 74% I Port Costa... 63% 66 '
Marln Co. . . . 59 — (Spring Val.. 85% —
: <GAS AND ELECTRIC. -
Cent L &'P. 2% — Pac Light... 44% —
Eqt G L Co. 3 •— ' SaoB G&RC 20 85
Mutual ..'... . 4% S F G & B. 41 42
O G L & H. 51% 52 San Fran.... 6X1 5V,
Pac Gas Imp 35%. 38% Stktn G & B. 8 —
¦ : ! '¦ j . : ;"-.•;'^
Flrem's Fiid. — 275" J ' " • . , <
' . . . BANKa . ..
Anglo-Cal ... — % 81 | L P & A. ...165 —
California ..417 : 420 , Mer Ex (llq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.114% — i S F NatlonI.13T% —
First Natnl.. 820 -850 I -,- - . t ™
. SAVINGS BANKS. ¦;. > '/r: i
German ... 1925 : — Say & Loan.' — 80
Humboldt . . — Security S&T.80S 850
Mutual Sav. 66 — - Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U.;512%— .. , . - >
STREET RAILROADS.
California,.. 165 172% Market ..... 89% 80%
Geary ......— 60 iPrMidlo .... 88 4ft
¦.•.;.-( POWDER.
Giant ...... 78 .79 IVlgorlt 8% —
:"~r • SUGAR.
Hana ...:... 2% 4% Kllauea' "..V. 9% 10%
Hawaiian .. 38% 45 .Makawell ... 26% 27%
Honokaa ... 12 — Onomea 25 25%
Hutchlnson . 15 lu%iPaauhau ... 12 .12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.162% — Pac A FA.— «%
Cal Fruit A» 97 100 Pao C Bor. .165
Cal Wine As 96%100- Par Paint... 16
Oceanic S- Co 86 40
. Morning Session. ¦
¦ 5 Alaska Packers' 'Association! 160 50
'30 Alaska Packers' Association 161' 00 •
5 Alaska Packers' Association..:... 161 37%
25. Alaska Packers' Association: 161 75
10 Giant Powder Con, s 90... .'...... 77 50
.10' Giant Powder Con, s 90. ......... 77 75
: 200 Honokaa Co 11 60
810,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. Ill 00'
$5000 Northern Ry. of Cal 6 per cent. Ill 25
$2000 Northern ' Ry of Cal .6 per cent. Ill 12*4
$6000 S.P of Arizona (1910). ....../.. 118 00
¦ 5 Spring Valley Water "..;.... 85 60
35 Spring. Valley Water ............ 85 75
." ¦ ¦ •¦ "Street — *>-" .¦;•¦. . • . ¦ .
30 California Wine Association. ..... t 87 00
' .'.¦-..'¦ .Afternoon Session. • , • ¦ .,'
-¦Board — ' . '¦'¦¦; ' - . .. . . :
i'-; 5, Alaska Packers* "Association. .... .162 25
5 Alaska Packers', Association...;. .162-50
5 Alaska Packers'. Association...... 163 00 •
. 25, Contra Costa Water ...:....;.'... 74 00
•100 Equitable Gas l....'.V;..:.;. •...•. .,- 3-12%
¦20 Giant Powder'Con '..¦..;.'....„.. 78 50
100'Honokaa. S Co "..'.'.'. v.-. ..;';...'.. 12 00 •'
30 Hutchinson SPCo.,., ........15 00
$1000 • Market St Ry 1st Con 5 per cent. 121 87%
' 40 Onomea Sugar Co .":. .'.'...¦..'....•.. 25.25
150 Paauhau' SP. Co.. .•.........;•.;;. 12 00
50 Pac Aux Fire Alarm .........;. 3 25
$5000 S P. of Arizona (1910).. \...; ....113 00
FRIDAY. ¦' Jan. 31—2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
and would do so immediately Jf they were sure
of -securing an extension of their franchise' on
reasonable terms. The present franchise has
yet twelve years to run. : The franchise on the
Geary-street road .. Is soon to ' expire, and . the
action in that case .will have weight with the
directors of the Presidio road. All but $180,
000 of the bonds have been redeemed.
' St. Louis is to' be a heavy consumer of as
phalt the coming year. It will be used. largely
on the exposition - buildings, the erection of
which will soon be commenced. As the Cali
fornia asphalt is far superior to the Eastern
product it is every bit as cheap, in spite of .the
additional 'cost of transportation.- - First grade
product is sold on board in this city at from
$10 to $14. a ton, and as It can be delivered
in St.. Louis at from $20 to $24 a ton, much of
the home product' will very probably find its
way there. St. N Louis will, use' thousands of
tons of asphalt the coming year, and It is pre
dicted will consume in .that period more than
the whole State of. California. ' ....
It. is evident even to an .outsider, that the
asphalt' market . is expanding * at- a 'lively rate,
and that California asphaltum is'now very pop
ular with Eastern -manufacturers. This week
representatives of I St. ¦ Louis roofing firms were
in the city with a view 'of closing contracts for
a large amount of refined asphalt. These gen
tlemen are now going over the Kern River, field,
and it is , understood will' close for, some large
shipments before leaving the State.
From one small oil refining plant in the. Los
Angeles field, there hap been shipped already
.this month fourteen carloads' -(210 tohs) ; ~6f .re
fined, asphal turn. . The output is the- product
of the Franklin refinery's stills, which are now
treating in the neighborhood of 8000 barrels of
local oil a month. The shipment is the reoord
for the plant, and although the' output* marks
the limit of .. its capacity the demand for ¦ re
fined asphalt was. not satisfied, and there are
now many orders to-be 'filled. .-•_ :..»••-.;
The Los Angeles Herald has . the fol
lowing concerning the opening up in the
Eastern market jor California asphalt: ~
Arizona is/to be prospected for oil . by
Los Angeies parties, who , will, start by
drilling a well near the Old Camel Back
Mountains, northeast, from .Phoenix. A
Phoenix company will also operate in the
same section. ¦ ¦- i ' '-
Opening for Asphalt.
. -The California Petroleum Miners' Association
does not charge one cent for information,' for It
believes that thennore conservative and proper
facts it can put before the public the better It
will be for all concerned. We have no fault
to find with any private corporation or agency.
They are a?erfectly ¦ legitimate in their place,
and. if -conducted honestly, they have ¦ a place.
But if they exist for the sole purpose of selling
Stock" in' certain companies, the sooner they,
cease to have an existence the better it will be
for them and the whole community. The Cali
fornia Petroleum Miners' Association is quasi
public i and is | bo recognized at home and
abroad. • . ¦ ' ;
Dr. C. T. Deane, secretary of the Cali
fornia Petroleum Miners' ; Association,
writes concerning the purposes of the as
sociation: .' ¦ ; / : j ¦ - '
The " Associated^" Oil ¦ Company | has or
dered that drilling shall be resumed "on
the Kern oil, and San Joaquin leases.
Four rigs will be set to work, and a num
ber of wells will be completed. ¦ • •. : •-.',
: The Los Angeles Times tells of the per
formance of a well owned by. the Brea
Canyon. Oil Company- at. Fullerton, which
flowed 1015 barrels in twenty-four hours,
or more than forty-two barrels per. hour.
At last account it was still making , a
great record . for production.
A tank to contain 55,000 barrels of oil
will be ; placed by the Southern Pacific
Company at'Colton. . •. • , -: ''jj. ; -:•
The Los Angeles Times says that Jew
"ett & Blodgett's ,well No. 17, which wag
once the great attraction. of the' Sunset
district, and which for. many months ha=»
been j pumping only a small " quantity of
oil, water -having broken. .In to -. take • the
place of oil, is now flowing both oil and
water.-
Great Flowing "Well.
The Supervisors of San Joaquin County
have inspected the oiled roads of Kern
County and are about to^ consider th<j
placing of contracts for; oiling about 100
miles of roadway, j The quantity, that will
be - required to keep up that mileage is
estimated to be about 35,000 barrels per
annum. The roads of the State. will call
for a great amount of oil eventually, the
improvement to the roadbed having been
marked in all counties where, the experi
ment has been tried/ .- v ¦
The country between the Sunset district
and San Emidio is about to be tested for
oil by- the Grand Oil Company. The prop
erty is fourteen ¦ miles east from Sunset,
near the foothills. There are oil seepages
beyond the spot picked out for the site
of the first well. .•--.• _ .
The car shortage in the Kern River dis
trict has been broken. One . day. during
the last -week there were standing, on the
tracks in the V Santa Fe -yards at least
twenty-five cars , In excess of orders and
there are now sufficient cars to meet the
demands of the producers for.transporta
tion for their wares. Shipments are." ex
pected to be 'much larger in the immedi- :
ate future than those of the .past, .when
the facilities were;poor. ¦ .; .¦¦
California Asphalt Finds an
Opening Market in' :
_.'..-' the East.
Kern - River District Has
Facilities Long
Desired.
CAR SHORTAGE
IS AT AN END
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY;; FEBRUARY 1, 191)2:
13
'^J'AIXTCRS .VXD DECORATORS.
liooms papered S3 up; whitening & tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st. : tel.Red 3521.
PLAMXG AAX> TCttXIXO MILLS.
"WOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping
and eawlng. CARL F. HAAS. 05 Fremont.
PHVSICIAXS AND SURGEONS.
ABSOLtrrELT~FREE~COXSULTATION — All
disease' of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. Da.
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk St.. corner Mason.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
eurgeon, at 1122 Market st; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C'C. O'DOXXELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market Bt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WOXG HIM. berb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials nt office. 115-117 Mason.nr.Ellls.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SAiE.
FOR~SAL^BY~THOMAS MAGEE & SOifsi"
5 Montgomery St.
CHEAP LOTS IN" THE MISSION.
Electric Cars Passing on Mission St.
Only SO Minutes from Keaxny St.
Lots Level and Ready to Build On.
Terms — One-third cash. balance on Easy
Monthly Payments. Interest 6 Per Cent.
$2500 — 62:6 feet on Mission-st. corner with
100 feet on Holrj-, making 182:6 feet of front-
*1800 — 23x100 on corner of Mission 6t and
Richland ave. (formerly Thirty-fourth st ).
fl..)0— S.E. corner Mission and Richland;
25x100.
-W^lMO each— 6 lots on west side of Mission
Jet., facing electric cars; street bituminized-
rue lots. .
flixj each— 3 lots on east side Mission Bt.-
SaxlOO each; ready to build on.
$127."— Mission, st.. facing electric cars!
etrr-et bitunilnlzed; sun front and back.
E1 "K!:t bu\idinf Joli:lns above iot;
tzSgU™— al8 ° ° a
_,S^°^!!25 lots on north side of Crescent
e\e.. each; fine lots for moderate
Bcmcf.
?G0O each— 5 lots on north side West Park
«., only _o0 feet from Mission-st. electric
cars: level ar.d ready to build on
fCPO each—Seven lots on south side West
r&rk st.. half block from Mission-st. electric
cars: ready to build en.
{WO each— Six lots on north side Richland ,
eve. (formerly Thirty-fourth st.); each;
eplfr.did lots fcr small and neat homes.
fOOO each— Two k.ts on south side Richland;
only 200 feet from Mission St.; next to some
neat cottages: 25x100 each.
$550 each — Four lots on soath side Richland
aye., half block from Mission St.; lots level;
22:«xl00 each.
JOSmi STRAL'B, ~
650 Market St.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Ag-ent.
Property bought and* eold.
Rents collected.
$5C0!>— SACRIFICE; nice fiats; Mission warm
belt: choice location. Owner, box 3358, Call.
nn.U. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE XEAR~SAN~TRAJCCISCO^^
frail tracts. J6O to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
y fan Francisco • is growing rapidly; location
bert for poultry and general farming. Apply
u The Cotati Co.. 302 California et.. tor pam-
\ i Ucta arid Information.
POIXT RICHMOND!- Beautiful acre lots in
Richmond Addition: a limited number, and
the only Mere lots near Richmond;
low; terms reasonable. See J. H, MAC-
DONALD & CO.. 1052 Broadway, Oakland.
PP.CFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big ironey; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy i-anches all kinds: send
ftarr.r for free list. C. R. Wlnfleld. Petaluma.
A WEEK'S news for J> cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pag?s. in wrapper for mailing, yi per year!
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALiHIEp A HEAL ESTATE.
*OXLY $1000. terms to suit, a fine cottage 7
rooms and bath: lot 48 feet front. H. *G.
MEHRTEXS. i:20 Webster St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKF.LEY REAL ESTATE.
OXLY $2000— Fine, well built house of 6 rooms
< cannot be rebuilt lor $2500); good-sized lot.
on the 6unny side of etreet; 6treet work all
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
SOX, real estate. Berkeley station.
J^fSOOO— HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern;
- ¦ one block from station; lot 60x110; terms to
fcuit; Interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J. SXYDER. 467 Ninth St.;
or branch office. Adeline station. Berkeley.
$3500 — $1000; XEW 8-room house; 10 minutes*
walk to university, 10 minutes' walk to lo-
cal; send for "Homes." WM. P. TODD. 1070
Broadway. Oakland, or 630 Market St.. S. F.
$5000 — SUNNY house, 12 rooms, stable; near
university. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery Et.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRriTVALE HEAL ESTATE.
AX unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-J
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig- i
ecn cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit I
orchard; 20 minute? from Oakland or 1 hour '
from S. F. : rent $35 a month; price $4000
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H
t A. PLEITXER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAICLAXD REAL. ESTATE.
V S2.V/)— XEW home; 10 minutes' walk to local.
.* ::,(*) — Xew home; 10 minutes' walk to local.
' MP00 — New home; 10 minutes' walk to local.
Tt-rm? to puit. Send for "Homes."
10*9 Broadway, Oakland, or C30 Market, S.F.
T KEW homes; 5 to 8 rooms; all first class;
Merrimar or Twenty-eighth St., between Tel-
eitraph ave. and Grove st.; monthly payment
See owner -on the premises to-day.
K :'. IIKADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
•'-<-3fiTvay. near Fifteenth st.
<Hh!-tM) Fl'KMTCRB FOB. SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month H.
FCHEL.LHAAS. 408 Eleventh tt.. Oakland.
ItOOMJS I OH UOISEKEEPIXG..
APARTMENTS for housekpg; handsome^unny ¦
suites; all modern Improvements; gas bath
reception rm.; nr. park and school; rent rea-
sonabie. Et. James, McAllister and Laguna.
BELL,, The 17T3 Market — Sunny bay window :
room, with kitchen, gas range, $15; phone.
EDDT, 522 — Bunny parlor floor, 4 rooms; house- '
keeping; complete; bath; phone; gas.
FIFTH, 253 — Furnished housekeeping; 2 par-
lors, kitchen, bath, f20; also single. $4 up.
GOLDEN GATE, 1202— Lower floor 4 fur. nu •
grate, running water, range laundry. <
' McALLISTER, 684 — A nice room suitable for
housekeeping if desired; use of bath, laundry. |
ELIZABETH. 2, off San Jose ave. — 2 «unny un-
furnlshed front rooms for light housekeeping.
LEAVESWOHTH, 1521—2 large rooms furnish.
'^ _*<! or unfurnished for housekeeping; upstairs. •
/SilSSiox. »45— Nice front room and kitchen
complete for housekeeping.
OAK, 118 — 2 eunny rooms, heavy housekeeping. !
<I4; 2 rooms, furnished housekeeping, $12. ;
¦ OTAIIRELL. C89— Furnished rooms for house- :
keeping; also single rooms; gas and bath.
O'FARP.ELL, 1315 — Beautiful unfurnished
suites In modern private residence; bath.
TOCE. 1300, cor. Hyde— 2 sunny front corner
furnished rooms; K e.s range; bath; $17.
. POLK, 60S — Two eunny unfurnished housekeep-
Ing rooms; no children.
SEVENTH, 2fe— Sunny room; coal range and •"
gas. $S; suites $16. fl2, $14.
EUITE eunny front room*, bedroom and kitch- S
en. furnished neatly and complexly tor
Etore. 563 Mit-sion Et.. bet 1st and 2d.
V1 £fn£! a ' V? 05 , p0 * >ell "2sunny front housekeeping
roomg - newly furnished; gas range, baths ;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 irUlmorT.
'** 0 ." 1^ 11 1<lT «lKn.«u and
-SbscriptloM has been e*UblUhed at lOSfi
- alencla et. -« -...-i
BOOMS TO LET — Para, and Cnfurn.
AltGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New elesant.
minny; grill attached; 75c day upward- rate!
oy week or month; McAHUter cars to door.
A-BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth-Rooms!
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
, light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A BflWETT. l*2a Market (old No. 1364)_Fur
\ nlshed rmg.. eultes. elngle; also unfurnished.
CLAT. 124S— A frcnt furnlebed room; prlvat©
if fm m 11 y .
... ' CX7EATT TRAVEL.
Paclfio Coast Steamship Co.
' $l? ¦/•;¦"-. Steamers leava Broadway
Mat Wharf, San Franciscot r. ."'.
KHSm^. For Ketchlkan, Janeau,
HSjaP^5s*«k. Skagway, etc., AlaaVa — 11 a.
MT|JQ2f£& m., Jan. 81, Feb. 5, 10. 15. 20,
BBJBflVHl 23. Mar. 2. Change to com-
MBfc^dg«Wl pany's steamers at Seattle,
P*""»4E raw For Victoria, Vancouver,
» .^KiBgK. Port Townsend. Seattle,- Taco-
»**• Everett, Nerw Whatcora — .
11 a. m., Jan. 81. Feb. 6. 10. 13. 20. 20. Mar 2.
Change at Seattle to this company* a steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Beattla orTa-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to CVP, By.
For Eureka (Humboldt . Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Feb. 1, e. 11. 16. 21. 20. Mar. 8. .
For San Diego, stopping only at Bant* Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Radondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Spokane. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., "Wednesdays, 9 a, m.
For Los Angeles, cajllng at Santa Crux, Mon- .
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harfonl (Saa
Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hue-
neme, East 'San Pedro, San Pedro and^*K«w
port (*Bonita only). ....
Bonita, 9 a. m., Feb. 3, 11, 19, 2T. Mam. T.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Feb. 7, 15. 23, Mar. 3.
*- For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo.- Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— -10 a. m., 7tH*f taca
month. . \,
For further Information obtain folder, --- -
Right Is reserved to Changs steamers or eaU-
lns dates.
TICKET ORFICLE — * Hew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen, Agsnt*.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
' •'¦ --to— " .. .;..¦¦ ¦>
PORTS IN_ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60, including meals and berth for th«
round trip on board the Padflo Coast 3. S.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, Bailing from San
Francisco February 7. March 7. April 7. Du»
back 27th of each month. Will call at ths fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Ensenada. Magdalena
Bay, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La
Paz. Santa Rosalia and Gnaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from GaaymasT
by raiL- For further particulars Inquire at
Ticket OfBce. ¦* New Montgomery st. or 10
"Market st.. .San Francisco. .
O. R. & N. CO. r
Only Staaxnahlp Xilno *e» " I
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to" all
. points, wll rat! op steamship and rail, at
BTSAKSB TICKETS INCLUDE BSETH sad MBAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. ._ .,
Feb.'2, 12, 22; Mak 4, 14. 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Safla..,.......,..v,.
Feb. 7. 17. 27: Man. ». 19^29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st, 11 a. m.
D. "W. HITCHCOCK. Pen. Agt., lMoqtg*y, 8. F.
TOYO USEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WTLZ. LEAVE WHARF, COR*
ner First and Brannan' streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling" at
Kobe .(Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers tot India,
etc. No cargo received on board oa day ot
sailing. r
SS. HONGKONG MAEU.» ...^...1.
., Thursday. January 20th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU „,, ?....„ -
Tuesday, February 23th. 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU., ......,^,.».«» .....
Friday. March 21st, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office*
421 Market street, corner First. - : • . ¦ • ;
. W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION 00.
And': da Sud Americana da Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping i. at Mexican, ¦ Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m. , • ..
¦TUCAPEL Feb. 10IPALENA .....TbD. 23
GUATEUALA..Feb. 13 1 COIX51TBI A e....
These steamers art built expressly for Cen- -
tral and South American passenger sarrlce.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and- passenger of floe. 316 California street
BALFOUR. GCTHRIE St CO., Can. Agent*.
PANAMA R. R. 5^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $103 { Steerage. |40| Meals Tf. .
5. S. Leelanaw sails Friday. Feb. 7
8. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
6. S. Leelanaw calls Monday. Mar. 24
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 830 Martcst it.
F. F. CONNOR. Pactfla Coast Agent,
AMERICAN LINE. ,
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
Phila., Feb. 12. 10a.m. I St. Louig.Feb. 26.10a.m.
St. Paul. Feb. 10,10a.m. I Pbila., Mar. 5. 10 a. m.
RED STAR LINE.
. NEW TORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Zeeland. Feb. 12, noon] Frlesland.- Febi.20.nooa
Haverford. Feb.l9,noonl Bouthwark, Mar.S.noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO,,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Padflo Coast. 80 Montgomery st.
Aa>A5inls> fT C I* A HA **!*. 8*«0A, NE-4
OCConiCS.5XO. gaarsMgs
' SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck.
. land and Sydney. .Thurs.. Feb. 6. 10 a m.
SS ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Feb. 15, '02, 2 p. m.
J. 0. 5P8ECKLS k BROS. CO., Bicsrai Agwts. 32? Nartat St
Qta'l Passanjjr Otfics, S43 Harkst St., riir lo. 7. PaciSc St
C0SPAONI3 GENEBALH rRANSATLAKTUJCJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ; ¦ *j*.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of'<»Pg55l
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. mHBHI
North Klver. -foot of. Morton street. • ¦
First class to Harre. $70 and upward.' Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA % 32" Broadway (Hudson building).'- New
York. J. >F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San ' Francisco.
Tickets- sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
BAY AND BIVEB STEAJOZBa.
FOB U S. NAVY YARU AND VALLEJO
• Staame!3 GEU. FRISBISor MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30. p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 0 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
' cents. ¦ Telephone Main 1508.- Landing and
office, pier 2. . Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. ••».•¦•¦¦
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ASlianahanFlorisreo;
?*<¦ ARTISTIC.: FLORAL DESIGNS C ".- 'T :
s -Prices Reasonable.
f 07 POWELL: ST.n™ E LLI S W. 5056
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
EDDT. 824 — An elegant parlor 6Ulte In; de-
sirable locality; also other rooms. . ¦
"EDINBURGH." 239 Powell Bt.. cor. Geary-
Location most centraiy large, well-furnished
Eultes and single; front rooms as offices;
modern Improvements, electric lights, etc:
ELLIS. (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,-
S5c, $1 60 night: $1 SO. $0 wk.; open all night,.
ELLIS, 324 — Newly furnished sunny , front
Bulte; also single; with or without board.'
ELLlS. 418 (The Plerpont) — Beautifully f ur-
niEhed rooms, single or en suite; elevator eer-
Vlce; hot water; private baths.-
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms
to let. $1 per week. \ -
FRAXCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient: baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
cd suites and 6lngle; travelera accommodated; .
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
' home at moderate charges; 8Uit.slngle;elevat.
GRANT AVE.. 17 — Pleasant sunny rooms at
reasonable rates. ' ' . " - - : : . ¦ ¦'
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front single, $5; single,
back. $4; large eunny. back, 1-2 persons. $7
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
McALLISTER, C84— A nicely furnished room,
suitable fcr 2: bath, gas and phone.
MISSION, 1322 — A small back furnished bed-
room. ??• month. ..
MISSION, 172914 — 2 sunny furnished house-
keeping rms.; bath; laundry: 18; no children.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35e a day up.
O'FARRELL 20 — Sunny furnished- rooms ! and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; aay. week, mo.
PINE and Leavenworth — Sunny suite, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen: board optional; pri-
vate; pas, bath, phone; reference. Box
3467, Call office. ' • -_
ROTAL House, 128 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 B0;. week, $2
to *S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK. C03— Two parlors, single or en suite;
running water; reasonable. ' ¦ :
POLK, 1002— Furnished flats, Bultes and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe: . - ¦¦
RINCON place. SS. off Harrison — 2 sunny fur-
nished front rccms with use of kitchen, tor
man and wife or 2 gentleme,n; view of bay^
SEVENTH. 2S — Sunny furnished rooms; single
and suites. ?6. $S. $12, $15; tel.; bath. . -. ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.;
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 240^4 — Large front suite, light house-
keeping; nice single rooms; running- water.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. , .'- '
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone. . - - - ¦ -"¦ -¦ :¦
THIRD. 131A — Office and bedroom en • suite ;
newly furnished; sun all day. ~, _
TURK, 543 — Large front room; open ot folding
bed; grate, gas and bath; reasonable. • • :
Terba Buena, 25, nr. Taylor & Sacramento—
Large fur, rm.; nice location; rent moderate. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch qffice. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ' ' - - • ¦ ¦ .
ROOMS AJVD BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk; sunny front rooms;
electrjc lights; hot and -cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished ;_ good
table; -warm belt of Mission. - 1070 Valencia
Bt. ; conservatories. ¦ •
CROCKER, The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
MISSION. 827 — Newly furnished rooms and
board; private family; at low rate. . .- - ->
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny front 1 and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table: popular rates.'
Irvingdale, 626 Eddy — Double & single rooms,
suitable for students; good table; low rates'
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, Eent to any address in . the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
IIOO3IS AXD BOARD WASTED; '
GENTLEMAN -desires lodging. -with breakfast.,
north of Ellis and east of Octavia; room must
, have morning sun and conveniences; private
family preferred; permanent if suited. Ad-
dress. with full particulars, box 3363. Call.
ROOMS WANTED. — —
WANTED — Furnished room with east window
and open prospect, in private family, within
Fix blocks of Jones and Sacramento sts. Box
3329. Call office. ¦
WAXTED — Furnished eunny room in private
family: not too far from California Market...
Box 3357. Call office. ' ' _
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE CURE— TREATMENT FREE. - :
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market st.. rooms 5 and 6; new system. - -
t ' =
\ SPECIAL. NOTICES. '
j AMERICAN CRUDE OIL BURNER CO.— T)\s-
1 , places other burners and installs In San Fran-
cisco free the American Burner, guaranteeing
~Vi per cent saving in oil. Send, for cata-
logue and Treatise on Oil Burning. Address
works, 226 Fremont st. • - • . -'•'
BAD tenants ejected for fi; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES;
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. TeL Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates ; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND. WAREHOUSES. " '-.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. 1 Main . 5713.
BE KINS Van. and Storage Co.. C30 Market St.;
' tel. Main 1840; ehipplnp at cut rates. ¦ ' ¦ ¦
GOLDEN WEST Storage \Varehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Et.: phone Jackson 281.
TO LEASE.
4 ACRES; house 10 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; windmill and tank; hay barn,
horse barn and other buildings. Inquire M.
MILLETT, Colma,. San Mateo County. ¦.' •
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS T IN^^PEWRirERS^-We
cell better machines for less money than any
. house in the city; rentals, %'i. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. V,
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 38, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been' declared
payable at the office of the company, rooms
' 202, 204, 206 Hayward building, . San Fran-
cisco, on February 10, 1902. Transfer books
close February. 3, 1902, at noon. A. A.
SPARKS. Secretary. ¦ -.-¦.•¦•.¦¦.
PROPERTY-OWNERS & CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell ' patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot up;
expert in curing smoking or faulty flues;
chimney tops, all descriptions, "erected ; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor orcanizatlons: estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission, or box 260. 318 Bush.
' PROPOSALS. . , ,
$40,000— TOWN of Lompoc. Cal.. water works"'
bonds — G. XV. Meals. Clerk of ¦ the town of
Lompoc. will receive until February 10. 1902,
at 5 -o'clock p. m., sealed proposals for
$40,000 4% per cent 1 to 40 year. Serial U. S..
gold water works bonds of this town. Interest
payable Beml-annually. to bear Interest from
Issuance. . Denomination $500 each, payable
two each year; payable at Town. Treasurer's
office. Bids to be accompanied by certified
check on some national bank in California
for the sum of $2500, said check. payable to
the order of' the town'of Lompoc and to he-
addressed to and deposited with the Town
Clerk of said town, or, in lieu of said check,
cash gold coin in said amount may be
deposited with the .Town .Treasurer of said
town and his receipt therefor ehall accom-
pany said bid; each bid to be inclosed in a
sealed envelope Indorsed "Proposition for
Water Works Bonds of the Town of . Lpm-
poc" and to be addressed to and deposited
with the Town Clerk of said town. The
Board of Trustees of said town - reserves the^
right to reject any or all proposal* or bids'
for ..said bonds or to waive any informality In
. any bid as the interests of said town may,
require. - .Resolution and Information fur-
nished on application. O. W. MEALS, Town
Clerk? • • , , . ... .
, . MABBIAGE.,; LICENSES.
-The following marriage -licenses were Issued
.yesterday: ". ..'/,-. '.> •
-Wjlliem M. Knapp, 48. Dillon,' and Jessica'
E. Fast. 23.2211 Van Ness avenue.. . ¦• I •. •
•Ernesto L. Mosca,. 21,i 29>Geary street, and
Rita S. Boln, 21. 611 Sutter street.
. Wlrt Hansbrough, 27, Great Fall«. Mont.,'
and Lcoija Merrltt,- 21; Helena, Mont. ¦ - •
Fred P. Henchell. 23, v 708 Folsom street, and
Daiay D. Jeffwy. IS, 395 Ninth street.
Albert,. H. I Vorrnth." 24, 1577 ' Folsom street,
and.' Sadie A? Gallaway. 2U - 843 Alvarado Bt. -
"C John ,W.. Weiss. 27. 1666 Washington street, -
and Annie A. Schilling. 21.' 2(T0ak Grove ave.'
John A. Fisk, 31, 126 Ellis street, and Belle
B.x:ole, 21..1JJ6 Ellis street.
_Ch-\al c. Reed.- 26, Los Angeles, and Nora
F. Moilarity,- 20. city. • • • •— .
A. Michelsen, 22, 6 Sunny court, and
Martha Will. 22.- 1577 Turk street, v -
¦¦:; Jamep Curtin. 33. 4094 Twenty- fourth Btreet,
and Maggie Brandon, 23, 650 Church street.
' »Rollln F. Elbley. 21., 557. Ellis: Etreet, and
May C:-Weyand, 20, 217 Bos,worth street. J ,
¦ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
' Birth, "marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be.
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
BOBN.
COOK— In thi« city, January 29, 1902, to the
wife of Gaorgn M. 'Cook, a eon. ' •;.-'¦'¦
j MABBIED.
PISK— COLE— In this city, January 31. 1902,
b y. the Rev. Philip Coombe. John A. Fisk
and Belle A. Cole, both of San Francisco.
PARK— ROBERTSON— In this city, January
29, 1902. by the. Rev. John Stephens, David
B. Park of Oakland, Cal';, and Laura I. Rob-
¦ ertson of San ' Francjscol' •
"-';¦ ,:,-¦-¦; -DIED. ¦ ¦>¦
-. Bailey, William ' B. Larkins, Ann
Baker. William G. McCann, Roderick J.
Brennan,- Mary L. \ McNeill. John
• Caldwell, William J. Moore, George W.
Crawford, Sophia F. Morrison, Hector F.
Devlin, Frank Murphy, Bridget
Edgerton, Mrs. F. B. Normlle, Thomas '
a Flood. Bridget Prather, Charles S.
: Flynn,- Rose ¦ Rlpplch, Frederick
Ford, ' Susan ¦ Skur,- Mary •
: Greame, Mrs. May-- Smiley, Cllrressl
Grossman. >Marks Stackhouse. Eliza (
Hagedorn, Edna F. , • Thornhill,, Ann
- Hewer. William ' .Towns, John J. •
• Hoffman, Harold J." Venton, Arscott
Huffam. .Walter • ¦ Wiseman, John J; *
Johnson, - Amanda C Woolf. . David
¦ Johnston.' Wm.- J. "' Wolff, Harris :
' Kelly, ' Mrs. Winifred , . •
BAILEY— In Pasadena. January 29. 1902, Wll-
! llam,B. Bailey, beloved eon of Mary Bailey
and-the late John D. Bailey of Smiths River,
, Del Norte County. Cal.. a native of SmlthB
; River, Del Norte County, Cal., aged 28 years.
BAKER— In Ventura, January 31; : 1902, Wil-
liam G. Baker, father of Frank J: and E. E.-
Baker, Mrs. Charles Relsner and Mrs. ' Car-
rie Randolph, aged 68 years 9 months and
> 29 days. . .':'-' • : ' . '•¦ '¦-.
BRENNAN— la Santa Clara' County,' January
;¦* 30. 1&02. Mary. L., beloved, daughter of B.'
A. and the late Martin Brenrian, and sister
, of John J. and- Andrew J. . Brennan, -a na-
tive- of Saa Francisco.-. . -, .,.•..,.:.•.,'.
. tC7"Funeral • services will take, place to-,
day (Saturday),- at -,.9:30 o'clock, .at • St.
Brigid's, Church. private In Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' % \ ....•;.-..-.
CALD^ELL — In this city, January 31, 1902,
at the family residence, 1284 Eddy street,
Wllllom "J.. beloved son of Robert- C. and
¦ Annie Caldwell, and brother of George P.
Caldwell, a native of Chicago; 111., ayed 28
.-• years a months and 14 days. • •-.-'•
CRAWFORD— In Oakland. January 31, 1902,
• Sophia-F., beloved wife of E. M. Crawford,
. sister of D. H. McEntyre, and aunt of
' Beatrice Van Denburgh, a native of Morrls-
towh. New York. ,. ....
' «- ETTriends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the-'- funeral services
¦ Sunday afternoon, February 2.. at 2 o'clock,
' at her late residence,- 5616 -San Pablo ave-
» nue, Oakland. -Interment private. . :%!
DEVLIN— In' this city,' January 30, 1902,
Frank Devlin, beloved brother of Edwan
Devlin, a native of Ireland, aged 81 years 7
months and 1 ; day. ; A member of S the Gas-
r fitters' Association of San Francisco.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully lnvited.to attend the -funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the ' parlors . of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
: Etreet. thence to St. Teresa's Church for
services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery. ' . . ¦. . .^
PLUMBERS' Gas and Steam Fitters' P. and
B. Society — Brothers: You are earnestly re-
. quested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Frank Devlin, from the Darlors of
the United Undertakers, Flf^h street, at 8:45
o'clock, Sunday, February 2. By order of
THOMAS FARRELL, President.
W. J. KILDAY. Secretary. . ' .-"".."
EDGERTON — In this flty, January . 31. 1902.
Mrs. Frances B.' Edgerton, daughter' of | Mrs.
¦ Smith Brown, and sister of Mrs. Homer S
King and -Dana W. Brown. . ... . — .
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. .'<¦,
FLOOD— In this city, January 31, 1902, at her
. residence, 272 Tenth street, Bridget.- beloVed
wife of the late Hurh Flood, -aunt of- -John-
R. Kelly, Mrs. M. Rodgers and Michael
. Conroy, and sister of the late Mary and
John Kelly, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 72 years. . ' .
FLYNN — In Oakland, January 28.. 1902, Rose
• Flynn. beloved aunt of James and • Fred
Christenson and Mrs. William Byrne, a na-
¦ tive of Ireland, aged 84 years. *•. ¦
'C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. .(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, ,709 Adeline street, .thence to' St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass
• will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. -Interment St.
Mary's. Cemetery.
.FORD— In this city, January 31,- 1902, Susan
beloved wiW of the late William Ford, and -
mother of William J. Ford,. Mrs. E. Baker
Mrs. J. Lang, Mrs. H.' "Brodie, ".Mrs. G. O.
Luce, Mrs. A. Sparrow and Josie Ford, a na-
: -tive of Ireland, aged 61 years 7 months and
13 days... • ' . -'/.- : . ¦
. ICTFriends and aCauaintances are.resoect-
• fully- invite! to attend the funeral Sunday
at 1 o'clock.- from her late residence, - 410
Valencia street, thence to Mission Dolores
. Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
•Cemetery.- . .. .- ¦ • ; ¦• • .'-....
GREAME-^In Alameda, January 30, 1902, Mrs
May Greame, wife '.of John E. Greame, a
; . native of California aged 47 years 5 months
• and -10 days.
E7"Funeral services' to-day '(Saturday), at
. ,l:30'o'clpck,'at the chapel, I. O. O. F. Cenie-
tery, .San Francisco.. r ' • : . , -v-
GROSSMAN— In Los . Anjfeles, January 28
: 1902, Marks Grossman, - beloved husband of
the late Eva Grossman, and father of Mor-
ris M.. Jacob E... Dr. M. E. and Aaron E
- Grossman, a native of Poland, aged 71 years '
and 10 months. - -¦ .. .:' .
K7"Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully "invited, to attend the' funei-al . services'
Sunday. February 2. -at : 2 o'clock, at the
B'nal B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street, under
tho .au&Dices of Norman Lodge,' K. of 'H
Interment^ Hills of Eternity Cemetery • by
3:30 o'clock train from Third and ToWnsend
¦ streets. '
HAGEDORN— In this city, January 31, 1902
- Edna F., beloved wife of H. H. Hagedorn' -
: and youngest daughter of Mrs. Anna Kafka
• a native of San Francisco.- •'
• KyNotice of funeral hereafter.. ¦ .
HEWER — In this city, January 30, 1902 Wil-
liam Hewen beloved, husband .of Amelia
Hewer, .; and father of -William Hewer, a
native of England, aged 45 years 3 months
and 2Sdays. - ¦ '. '
-HOFFMAN— In this city, January 31, 1902
Harold Joseph Hoffman, dearly beloved and
only 1 , child of, Eugene and Emma • A. Hoff-
man, a native of San Francisco,' aged 6
yearn 6 months and 8 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, - 660 San- Jose avenue, corner
- Valley street. Interment' Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by, electric, funeral car. . » ' .
HUFFAM— In''" this.', city* January 30 1902
Walter, beloved husband of Katherlne Huff-
am," and father of Walter Jr., Hazel Violet
Ethel, Ruth, Ralph, Allen and MariOn Huff-
am, . a . native -of London, Enarland aged 47
years .11 months and 18 days. A member
of Piledrlvers' ¦ and Bridgebuilers' Union
?TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock,, from his 'late resi-
dence. 4109 Twenty-first street, between Dia^-'
/HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
• (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher >
,. '-: DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERs'
¦ 20 Fifth st.. . opposite Lincoln School
;:.ir .." ; Telephone South 80. --...: ..' -.
Mt v Olivet Cemetery;
¦, :'• ..»..• BAN. BRT^'O HILLS. . i '''. .' '
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET. .
. ' . -.' . . .. . ,.'<:*• .aENDERSpN. . Manag'er. ' '
JAMBS McGlIVN, -
Formerly withfjMcGran' Bros.. Has opened
new' Funeral Parlort at. 214 Eddy st -bet
Taylor and Jones; Telephone South 876. V
NEW" FIRM OF lUNDBKTAKE^^^^
. Samuel McFadden, 18 years manaeer'fnr
the United Undertakers' Associatloni M J
McBrearty. - with the same company for 18
yeaw: P. F. Greep, ; late with J. C. O'Con-
nor ftsCa,' have opened- new Funeral Par-
lors at 11 <1 Mission street, between Seventh'
and ¦ Eighth. -. Telephone 1 Souyii44. .. „
:>
McGI IMlVl ' BROSm '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ER3. to 224 and 228 McAllister st. 3 (For-
merly of 31 Eddy st. Tel. South 282.) '
mond and Frederick. Interment Mount Oli-
vet ¦ Cemetery. " "
JOHNSON— In '-. this '- city, January .¦ 31,' 1902,
. Amanda : Christina, beloved wife .of Axel
'¦ Johnson, '¦ mother of Arthur L. »and Evelyn
Johnson, and sister ; of Mrs. Charles Forsell
.- and. August, William, Alfred, Hulda and
Ida Ne.lspn. a native of Sweden; as ed 30
¦ years 10 months and 3 days. A member" of
» the Swedish Ladles' Society. ¦ _
„ •• .. E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • invited to attend the funeral services
.to-morrow" (Sunday). : at 1:30 olclock, at. her
J "late i residence. . 2G66 Twenty-second street,
:, near Hampshire. > . Interment Mount Olivet
¦'•Cemetery. '¦¦ ¦ .'•¦¦'"-- ''.-¦'...'.
JOHNSTON— In Oakland, at 1220 Eighth ave-
¦ ¦ nue, ' January 31, 1902, William- James John-
• ston,? a native -of Pennsylvania, aged- 69
¦ years 8 ., months and 15 dayo. ' .'
KELLY-'— A requiem mass will" be offered for
the repose of the soul of Mrs. Winifred
.'.Kelly," beloved mother of William J. Kelly
of this city, at the Church or /St. Ignatius
.:. Hayes: street, Tuesday, the 4th,lnst, at 9:31
•''o'clock, 1 .,•• '.. '¦¦ .'"•¦;¦¦:¦ ! .-'•-'.¦ >.'--
LARKINS— In this city, January 29, 1802, Ann
Larkins, beloved wife of the 'late Frederick
Larkins, and mother of James A:, Arthur
¦ H., .Harriet E. and William A.- Larkins and
Mrs. . Jacob Boodt, ¦ a native, of London, . Eng- •
land, (aged 59 years 8 months and 20 days. .
; CTFrlends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully; invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
v ' February 1, at 10 o'clock.' from the funera
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 318
' Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Interment Cynress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage. •".-•- ," ¦ •• . ' , ' • • '•
McCANN— In this city, January 29J- 1902.
-Roderick J., beloved son of Arthur and the
late . Catherine McCann, and brother of
Thomas, Ella. Rosle,- Anna and Mamie- Mc-
Cann, • a native of ..San Francisco, asred 23
years. A member of Court Eaciiean No. 13,'
¦'.F. of A. . . % ¦ .¦„-...¦-... . -
. • ' ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tc attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1- o'clock, from the parlors of
t McAyoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence, to St. John's.
1 Church (Old St. Mary's College), for services.
¦' Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
McNEILL — In this city, January 30, 1902,
John, beloved husband of ¦ Jane, and father
of Harry. John and Archie. McNeill, Mrs.
Hugh WcCauRhan, Mrs. John T. Buckman,
Mrs. Gus Llndauer and-the late William
McNeill, a native of. County Antrim. Ire-
t land, aged 08 years 7 months. and 12 days.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 915 Minna' street, off -Tenth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city, January 30, 1902*, George
W. Moore, a native of Nova. Scotia, aged 77
¦ years 4 months and "10 clays. ...'•",
iny Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. :¦ (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of George Y". Dernlrig, 721 Valencia street,
¦ between Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Inter-
ment Cypress. Lawn Cemetery.-
MORRISON — In this city, January 30, 1902,
Hector F., beloved husband, of Anna Morri-
• son, and father of Mrs. < W. . H. Hunter, a
« native of Scotland, aged 75 years. • J " :
' ¦ [TT; Friends and acquaintances, a re respect-
fully ¦ invited to attends the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 642 Stevenson stre.et, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
• tery. ¦ .- .'.- "'. •¦;.:• - . _; ¦'
MURPHY — In this city, January 30, 1902.
" Bridget, dearly beloved wife -of John C. Mur-
; phy, -and dearly beloved mother of John and
Agnes and the late Thomas F. Murphy, a
¦ native ' ot County Hoicommon, Ireland, age!
¦>• 70 years:. .-¦ - n '. ¦.-';.¦•¦_..¦. .r .
(C7Friendd and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), -from her late - residence, 1824B
Howard street, at 12:45 o'clock, thence to
iv St. Charles Borromeo's Church' for servlceti.
¦ • Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.. $.,¦'-,';£
NORMILE— In 'this' city, January' 29, 1902,
• .Thomas, dearly beloved : husband of Mary
Ann Normlle, , father of Margaret; Thomas
Francis, Nora Teresa, Mary 'Agnes, Edward
John,' John, Gertrude Mary, Madeline and
Elizabeth .Normile, . and brother-in-law ' of
John Dillon, .a native, of. County : Clare, Ire-
land, aged 38 years. (New York papers
please copy.) -, < „• •„.! ¦ ¦;¦-¦•¦
!E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully ¦ invited to attend the . funeral to-day
. (Saturday),, at' 12:30 o'.clock.; from his late
. residence, 3274 * Folsom ' street.- Interment
-¦ Holy Cross Cemetery. • ...
PRATHER— In this city, January 30, 1902,
Charles S. Prattler, a native of Maryland,
' aged 04 years. ¦ ¦ ;.,.. . ... : i -.. ..- .
•RIPPICH — In this city;" January . 29,. -1902,
Frederick Rippich, ~ a , native of Germany,
'aged 42 years.' , .- - .- ' • . - . -
(C7Friends and' acquaintances and mem-
bers of Court , Magnolia. No. 29, F. of A.,
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the
• parlors of Theodor Dierks, 'undertaker, . 957
Mission street, between .Fifth -and -Sixth,
• where, the services will be held .-under the
auspices of Court Magnolia No. 29, F..of A.
SKUR — In this city, January 31, * 1902, Mary
Skur, beloved • mother of. John, Mathews,
Charles, . Frank and Nellie Skur, a native of
' Swinford, County Mayo,', Ireland, aged 32
- years. ; "• - v'.:'.. ' '¦ -' '' ' '' ¦¦' ' ¦-¦¦'•¦^¦ :
*ji . ICT Frlenda and. acqJiaintancea.-exe^res'pect-
-Tully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her I late
residence, . 23 Stanford street,, thence to St.
Rose's >Church, . Brannan : street, between
Fourth and Fifth, for 'services. , Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery., by carriage. •¦
-SMILEY— In Alameda, ¦ January 30, 1902, Clir-
ressi Smiley; beloved mother of Mrs. R.' M.
• -Seymour ! of Seattle, grandmother of Stuart
A. Hassey ;».nd the late Dollie T. Hassey,.and
aunt of Clara Biglow and Allen S. Neal of
San Francisco, a native of- Boston, 'Mass.,
agad 79 years 10 months"and 24 days.
STACKHOUSB— In this city, January 31. 1902,
Eliza Stackhouse, mother of George E. and
William H. Soule, Mrs. A. W. Martin and
the lrte Mrs. . J. C. Ford, a native of New
'.¦ York City, aged 71 years 5 months and 5
days. ¦ . '.;.¦.:.•
• ETTriends are respectfi'lly invited to at-
tend . the funeral services Monday, February
3, o'clock, at her late residence,' 319
O'Farrell; street. Interment private.
THORNHILL— In this city, January 30. 1902,
Ann Thomhill,-- beloved- mother- of- Walter
find Thomas Thornhill, Mrs. Walter Ayllng
and- Mrs. H. Whittle, . a native of Nottlng-
• ham, England, - aged 76 years. (Nottingham
papers pleaie ..copy.) -.'..,'. ¦ .
C^Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral services
¦ to-morrow (Sunday), at - 1j30 ; o'clock, at her
latd residence, 1911 Leavenworth street. In-
terment Laurel Hill. Cemetery. .;->_¦'.
¦ TOWNS — In. this city,- January -30,- 1902, John
J., beloved ¦ husband of Mary Towns, father
• of John ' Towns; -bon of -Ann and the late
William Towns, and brother of William and
,Thomas 'Towns,' Mrs. 'Mugge and Mrs. Mat-
• ten, a- native of S,an: Francisco, aged- 38
years 7 months and 21- days. -A member of
California Parlor No. .1, N. • S. G. W. ". - ¦: -
CJ^Friends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully Invited "to attend- the funeral- to-day
.:( Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of.
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, ¦ thence to ' St.
. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
¦ high mass will be celebrated for the repose
¦ of his aoul, commencing- at 10 o'clock. In-
' termeht Holy Cross Cemetery.
VENTON— In this city, January 29, 1002, Ars-
cott, husband of Isabel Venton, . and father
of Greta. Marian and Arscott Crawford Ven-
ton, a native of . England, aged 52 years 3
months and 11 days.
H5*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the f un«;ral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, C28 Haight street, between Stelner
and Pierce, under the auspices of California
Council No. 530, National Union.. Cremation
at Odd Fellows' • Cemetery. ': . .- . . .
WISEMAN— In j i this city, January 31, 1902,
• Johi J. .Wisaman, a native of San FrancUco.
(CyNotice of funeral hereafter. , .' ,'
PLUMBERS' Gas and Steani Fitters' P. and
B. Society — Brothers: You are earnestly re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
' brother, John. Wlsemann, from his late rest-
Oence, 229 Twelfth street, at 12:45 o'clock,
Sunday, February 2. . By order ' . . . , .
THOMAS FARRELL, President.
W. J. KILDAY, Secretary. / ,
WOOLF— In this city, January 28, 1902, David
Woolf, a native of Posen, Prussia, • aged B7
~yea.TB. ,..'¦ \ ...-¦<. ,/ ¦. ' ;-'\-~ r v ¦ . :- : . -,,
ICyFriends and ' acquaintances are respect-
I fulry Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 2 o'clock,- from the funeral parlori of
Porter & White, ,122 Eddy Btreet.
LINCOLN Po&t No. 1, G. A/ R.— To the offi-
cers arid 'comrades of Lincoln Post No. 1,
' Ci. A. R.i. You are : hereby requested to as-
semble at headquarters, Pioneer Hall,' Sun-
day, February 2, 1902, at 1 o'clock, for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
comrade, t>avld Woolf. By order of
--•:- GEORGEJ .T. JOHNSON, Commander.
• C. N. HARRIS. Adjutant. ;.'
WOLFF— The headstone of the deceased Harris
Wolff will be set February 2, at 2 o'clock, at
, ' Salem Cemetery. :fected, Auditor BaeLT took a hand In the
game yesterday by refusing to audit any
of the salary demands of the rival forces
TWO OF ; THE PRINCIPAL. CHAR
ACTERS IN THE LATEST TAN
GLE AT THE CITY HALL.
The Independent Electric Light and
Power Company' filed a statement yes
terday with the Supervisors showing that
during 1901 it sold current to' the amount
Of $324,039 86. The expeditures were $247,
$464 74; cost of / plant, $2,606,802 57; stock,
$10,000,000; floating debt, nominal, all pur
chases discounted.
'The revenue of the Pacific Gas Im
provement Company, for 1901 was $433.
14517; expenditures, : $344.92315; cost of
plant. $4,550,674 82; present value. $3,164.
764; -capital stock outstanding. 32,000
shares; bonded indebtedness, $1,230,000; net
floating debt, JB5.697.- '*-<¦
The receipts of the Equitable Gas Com
pany were $164,809 29; expenditures, . $111.
407 02;' cost of plant. $405,495 70; .• capital
stock outstanding, $2,776,400.
Earnings of Light Companies.
Game in season for lunch at Cafe Zln
kand properly. cooked, properly served. •
The Supervisors' Finance Committee met
last night and concluded its investigation
Into the alleged overcharge for printing
transcripts on appeal whereby the fund
of $2500 was overdrawn to the extent of
$3300 A' number of printers were exam
ined* and they all testified that the current
rate for printing transcripts was 90 cents
a page. , M
Grattan Phillips, a member of the firm
of Phillips, Smyth & Van Orden, could
not explain under what circumstance* ona
transcript of 312 pages had cost the city
$S64 50, but said the changes and additions
'accounted for the Increased cost. Ex-
Chief Deputy County Clerk Goddard stat
ed that he .had never examined the de
mands and believed it his duty to sign
them as they were sworn to. Superior
Judtre Lawlor said that he baa ordered
immaterial changes in several of the
transcripts. ...
After hearing the evidence. It reported
that the charges made by Phillips & Co.
•were exorbitant and a gross Imposition
on the city. .The committee recommended
that a demand be made on the firm for
the return of the amount in excess of the
proper charges. Phillips declared that he
will refuse to comply with the demand,
and the committee will ask the City At
torney to advise what redress. may be had
against former County Clerk Deane. ex-
Auditor "Wells and ex-Treasurer . Brooks
or their bondsmen for . paying the bills.
mands Return of Overcharges.
Supervisors' Finance Committee Ds-
DEEMS. BILLS EXCESSIVE.
The students of the Dental College of
the University of California entertained
their friends with a dance last evening at
Golden Gate Hail. A large number were
¦ ri-Kent. making the dance a most suc
• rsful affair.
Dental College Gives Dance.
That the action of the Justices in ap
pointing their own clerk in the? person of
Windrow is Indorsed by; many attorneys
was manifest by the business transacted
under Windrow's direction. • Before noon
nearly twenty, suits, had cbeen filed, and
at the close of the office -at '5 p. m. a
total -of forty-two new suits had been
entered and fees amounting, to $86.50 col
lected. All but $6 50 of. this sum. was de
posited with the City Treasurer . by Win
drow and his receipt therefor accepted.
•The unusual, rush was, doubtless occa
sioned by the official announcement of the
Justices that no processes, writs or other,
papers would be recognized by I them un-
less the same bore | the signature^ of Clerk
Windrow. This was a virtual repudiation
of Clerk Fredrick,; the appointee,
and ' the business of ,¦ the ;¦ office ; presided
.over. by the latter' was very light. .-, . .*
Only six suits .were filed' with Fredrick
during the day, several » of ' these ¦ beingf
duplicate actions brought by litigants with
Attorneys Indorse I Justices.
The defiant attitude of' the Justices to
ward Mayor, Schmitz asserted Itself very
conspicuously throughout the proceedings
yesterday. -At 8:30 -a. ' m. . Presiding Jus
tice Daniels 'opened his -chamber, and' a
moment later Clerk "Windrow; accompan
ied by Assistant McComb, appeared on
the scene. Justice Daniels'- courtroom
was then opened and the clerks named
took possession thereof without opposi
tion. McComb' announced himself ready
to resume the duties In which he was en
gaged when Clerk Williams was suspend
ed, while Windrow, accompanied by his
attorney,* Thomas D. Riordan, went to
the Mayor's office for the purpose of hav
ing the bond of the former . approved.
The Mayor had not arrived.- but an hour
later when ' the two sought his presence
the Mayor declined to approve, the bond
on the ground that there was no vacancy
in the office of the Clerk of the Justices'
Court. 1 A-cting on the advice of his coun
sel,-Windrow resolved to assume the du
ties of his office at.once,and.ten;xninute3
later Windrow was at: his new desk In
Justice Daniels' courtroom.
-The unparalleled spectacle of two .Jus
tices' Clerks doing business at the same
time was presented at the City Hall yes
terday. The day was one.of unuBual ac
tivity In legal circles and necessarily
some confusion prevailed, owing to the
unsettled state of the fight. now waging
between Mayor Schmitz and the Justices
of the Peace. ...--<¦•. .•'•:¦. ¦
That the present state of affairs cannot
longer endure ..without crippling the busi
ness of the Justices' Courts and causing
the public great inconvenience, if not
financial loss, is generally \ recognized.'
Two Clerks Do Business.
Windrow was notified by the Mayor last
evening that if he persisted in- his course
proceedings would' be taken against him
under the provision quoted. After a con
sultation with his counsel, "Windrow: ac
cepted the challenge and announced that
he - would be on duty in J his office this
morning as usual,, be the result what it
may.
The Justices' Clerk fight now threatens
to -'end in criminal proceedings, for : the
Mayor is determined to carry out: his
policy at every hazard. On the- other
hand, Windrow is anxious, to have . the
question decided, by the "courts, even
though he may have to face a criminal
charge, for the purpose of establishing
what he deems his rights in- the premises.
The developments of to-day will there
fore be watched with interest" by all in
terested in the fight of the Mayor against
the City Hall "push." . ¦ : ' •
hands of the Justices of: the Peace, opened
an office yesterday, and without having
furnished a bond with the approval of the
Mayor as required by the city charter,
began to exercise all the functions of a
public officer. . ¦ " • -'
No papers or* flics shall : be- taken from this
office, except by,o"pe of the deputy clerks. • - :
¦ . One of the deputies •• shall . be . specially as
signed, to the -work of : taking such papers from
this office to the courtrooms of the respective
Justices. ¦¦-... .-• .•,—¦¦:-; •¦ ..•„• .''• .'. ¦' -• ¦ ¦ ; . ¦;
The deputy before taking the papers from
thl3 . office shall enter in a book provided for
the purpose the title and number of- the action,
the date and hour of taking, 'and the name of
the Justice. to 'whoce courtroom the papers are
to be taken. ¦ v,
' Each Justice "is requested to receipt for such
papers as shall be left In his courtroom by such
deputy, and is respectfully requested, either in
person or by -such deputy, to return the same
to this office. • whereupon his receipt therefor
will-be canceled." ; ¦ .'. . . •,.
County ¦/ Clerk -Mahony, who is inter-'
ested in the i Justices' clerk' dispute- to a
considerable -extent, sent a roessage »to
Judge Cook '. during the morning asking
his opinion as to his .(Mahony' s) duty in
the premises. Mahony wanted to know
which • of the appointees to recognize in
an> official capacity,* but .the question
asked was evidently more than Judge
Cook cared to decide off hand, and he
failed to. reply. Later Mahony consulted
with • Attorney JUordan, with the result
that he arrived at 'the conclusion, to'rec
ognize' neither clerks tout ,to accept; for
filing only- such" papers as bear > the sig
nature of the Presiding Justice of ; the
Peace.. .. ¦ ¦ . ; . '• > . ¦;¦¦¦ : . ¦> ' ~~:-'± .;.•¦ ¦
•Greatly to the chagrin of the clerks af-
Clerk Frederick's New Ride.
both clerks In order that their chances of
getting judgment might not be minimized
when it is judicially decided that one. or
the other clerk was illegally: appointed.
The entire receipts of ' Fredrick's ; office
during the day did not exceed. $30: ,'"' '•'•
Fredrick accepted the condition with
equanimity.- Whenever any records were
sent for by the Justices, Fredrick re
sponded with alacrity. • During the-morn
ing he asserted his authority as clerk by
promulgating a new set of rules, as,fol
lows: ¦ ;.-. , ¦-. ;-..:.-¦ ; , '-.: y / • X .
Judge Hunt decided yesterday thnt
neither Henry T. Andrae nor Mrs. Emma
Andrae r.re fit to have the custody of
their eight-ycar-cCd son and ordered th»
couple to turn the little fellow over to M
T. Hayward of Marin County, who said
he would care for the boy if the parents
would clothe him and pay $10 a montn
for his board. They agreed to do this.
Andrae is suing h/.s wife for divorce and
the testimony giv-sn at the trial caused
the Judgre to take the child from his pa
rents. The court took the divorce case
ur.dcr advisement.
Takes Child From. Parents.
The proprietors, fearing an attempt of
this kind, took their money away with
them. The burglars found the safe open
and empty. They next turned their at
tention to the telephone box, pulled it
away from the instrument and then took
it out in the yard in the rear of the place
and broke it to pieces, securing a few
dollars. • .
' Burglars entered the butcher shop of
Muller & Vocke, on the southwest corner
of Polk and Washington streets, at an
early hour yesterday morning. The place
is v/ithin a short distance of the North
End police station, • but the burglary was
not discovered until the following morn
ing. By jumping over a fence on Wash
ington street and breaking, open a rear
door, the thieves gained an entrance.
Burglars Loot Butcher-Shop.
until the right of one or the other . has
been Judicially established. How
this action of. the Auditor will remain in
force will be decided by future develop
ments in the controversy. Meanwhile the
clerks must labor without demuneration.
Mayor Schmitz said last night that
nothing the Justices or their clerk could
do would cause him any worry. He said
he had the law and the best wishes of
the better element of the people en his
side and that was sufficient for him. He
said further that he would never give
way to political pressure and that having
declared war against the City Hall
"push" he was resolved to fight to the
Grand Jurors Farnsworth and Roach
visited the chambers of the various Jus
tices yesterday and looked over their cal
endars. What the real purpose of the
visits was can only be surmised. It will
be remembered that In his statement pub
lished yesterday Mayor Schmitz charged
that it was almost impossible to find a
Justice in his office during the afternoon
of anv day. The inquiries addressed to
the Justices indicated that this statement
had had an effect upon the Grand Jury
and that a quiet investigation of the facts
is now in, progress.
The Justices, without exception, char
acterize the Mayor's statement as being
uncalled for and unjust. The nature of
Presiding Justice Daniels' duties renders
it Imperative that he should be in nla
office until 5 o'clock every day, and that
official says he has never neglected his
duties. Justice Long asserts that he is
not only on duty every afternoon, but
that once or twice a week he holds night
sessions of court for the accommodation
of working people who are witnossesin
civil, actions. The other Justices defend
themselves with similar pleas and all in
vite the fullest investigation of their of
ficial acts. .^ •
No action will be taken on the applica
tion for guardianship papers until the
court has had an opportunity of visiting
the unfortunate. woman at the hospital.
The testimony given by F. D. Marsh of
the firm cf Burnham & Marsh, real estate
brokers, showed that Mrs. Daniels was
very much in need of a guardian.' and
also showed that dealing in real estate is
not always conducive to large bank ac
counts. Marsh testified that through his
solicitation Mrs. Daniels purchased a
piece of property on Taylor street for
J15.000, which she sold two weeks later
for $13,000. Whether or not Mrs. Daniels
knew that she had suffered a loss to the
deal Is not known. It is presumed thai
she did not. for she immediately commis
sioned the same brokers to purchase a lot
at the corner of Devisadero and Page
streets for $8009. This property remained
in her possession for a short time, when
Marsh, according to his -own statement,
persuaded her to exchange it for property
In the same neighborhood In not quite so
good a location, but which was good
enough to require a bonus of $6500. £he
afterward ordered the purchase of other
properties. The result of these real cs
late deals is a reduction of her fortune to
a sum approximating S3CO0. . \ •
Several witnesses ! testified yesterday
that Mrs. Daniels is not in the full pos
session of her senses and that she is in
capable of attending to any matter of
business. ...
Though she has been bedridden since
October, 1901, Mrs. Mary E. Daniels has
lost a fortune of $20,000. Just how she did
it is now a matter for the courts to /6s
termine, and an inquiry was commenced
yesterday in Judge Troutt's court, when
the application of Mrs. Margaret Halpin
of Ban Luis Obispo for letters of guar
dianship over the person and estate of
Mrs. Daniels came up for hearing. Sensa
tional developments are expected, as it
was stated yesterday that Mrs. Danieis
is confined at the L.a,n-e Hospital and that
no one Is allowed t» see her.
The crime was discovered shortly after
7 o'clock by two patrolmen. The officers
forced a Chinese who sleeps -Inside the
place to open the door. This Mongolian
made a statement that the theft had been
committed but a few moments- before, yet
he had been too frightened to raise an
al£.rm. The police, upon investigation,
discovered that silks valued at nearly $500
had been draged from the shelves and
carted away. The Central police station
was immediately notified and Detectives
McMahon and Gibson placed on the case.
Until a* late hour last night they had been
unsuccessful in their effort to locate the
offenders. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
The crooks sawed a section from one of
the Iron doors guarding the front en
trance to the store, inserted a hook* and
extracted nearly $500 worth of silks and
goods, with which they made their es
cape and are still at liberty. The dark
ened Interior of the store caused the bur
glars some difficulty. To overcome tbis
they secured a bunch of burning. Chine3e
punks that emitted no flame, but a glow,
and with this uncertain light the thieves
were enabled to pick their booty and drag
it out.
Burglars used a unique means of y r6b
bing Cbong Lee's store, at 828 Dupont
street, yesterday morning. They operated
from the street just as day was breaking,
and while hundreds of laborers passed
from North Beach to their occupations
in the commercial section.
Bedridden Woman Parts
Quickly With Small
i " 'Fortune.
Much CunniEg Is Dis
played in Effecting
an Entrance:
BURGLARS LOOT
CHINESE STORE
LOSES HEAVILY
IN REALTY DEAL
•rw , yr NDER the foregoing section cf the
I ' I "Psniil Code, Mayor Schmltz may
II , . . I cause the arrest to-day of Joseph
v^,^ Windrow, who, by virtue of an
appointment as ; clerk at the
r^ VERY person . who exer-
HZf cises any functions of a
public office without taking
the oath of office, or without
giving the required bond, is
'guilty of a mislemeanor.—
Section 65 of the Penal Code.
LAW BEARING
ON THE CASE
OF WINDROW
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SATURDAY^ FEBRUARY 1, 1902.
JUSTICES' CLERK FIGHT MAY
RESULT IN WINDROW'S ARREST
14
Dr. Geo. Stallman, ' Dentist, 120 Sutter st.*
* +***¦¦*+ k k.kkkkkk kkk -kirk* i-;. . >**••••••••*•*•••••••••• j
* r ' ' *i
J The Angelus is indorsed, pur- .^^yH^BBHHfc^-. >•
* chased and used by Josef Hof- '^^S^^^^^^^^^^s V
¦* mann, the great pianist, in his ¦jTOWHwWgB^^8BM»' J
J home in Berlin. Mr. Hofmann m Wf^^^^^^^^^^' J
% The Wilcox & White Co., 164 Fifth ave., New York— • ,V ,-.; J
* Gentlemen: I have heard the "Angelus Orchestral" for the first *
time and am amazed at the tone and combination of this instrument. J
"^ . It has always been my ideal to hear the short notes in connection >j-
with the long ones, and it is the ambition of all intelligent pianists to I
* sustain the tone in some manner or other. This is all embodied in the *
+ "Angelus Orchestral," and therefore listening to this instrument affords J
j* exquisite pleasure, and is a boon to all"1overs of music. J
+ Inclosed please find my check for the "Angelus Orchestral," pur- J
* chased for my home in Berlin. You will '. kindly ship the instrument *¦
and music as soon as possible, as I want to enjoy it upon my return to J
* Berlin; Yours vtry truly, (Signed), JOSEF HOFMANN. J
* ;'"- •-,'"-• '-• ' [':¦¦ T " ¦' : -."•'¦ 'Z:i'^-yr *
J Hofmann uses- the Steinway Piano at, all his recitals i
¦¥¦ during his" American tours. J
-tf This. matchless combination — the Angelus Orchestral %.
* Piano Player and' the Steinway Grand Piano— may be heard J
X at Sherman, Clay & Co'/s Angelus PaVlor during business -J
m hours — take elevator to third floor. J
I S HE RMAN, C-L A Y. &¦¦ CO. |
I r . . , n . ix \ ( fonc-Ktarnyad£utter£t$.,S. F. t
t SffitnW/lV ri/lllft llfiJlffr? < Cornerl3thandBro2dwa y» 0ak|and - , ¦¦ *
I rwuu ucmtra 71I:>econdAvenue>Seat >;; g-i
.»^HHr^M^^ff¥VyVVVyV»¥f»y¥»¥^^MH^^MH^^f¥¥»VV¥¥V¥V¥¥^^|
* •-'• • - - - .-¦ • •¦-' - • 1
FIffiE VEILINGS
During the month o! January we
have accumulated about three hvndrcd
Veiling Remnants from yard to 1}(
yards each. To induce early shopp ng
this morning WE WILL GIVE ONE
VEIL TREE TO EACH OF THE FIRST
THREE HUNDDED OF TO-DAY'S CUS-
TOMERS. THESE VEILINGS ARE
WORTH FROM 25c to 50c PER VEIL.
¦' SATURDAY'S BARGAINS.
SJ 7 r for WOMEN'S -HEAVY FI^AN-
W'V NELETTE WRAPPERS, aa.nty
figures and : stripes, fitted waist linlnc,
•full skirt' with - deep flounce, prettily
. made and trimmed; our regular |1 00
;¦ value. •'_> ¦ /
CQp for regular $1 35 WRAPPERS,
AJtfV made of best flannelette, in stripes
and figures; prettily trimmed with
• braids; -flounce bottom.
To "dose out the balance of our
WOMEN'S WINTER WAISTS, we put the
.knife so deep into the prices of them that
we're Bure before the day is over very
few of them will be left.
39c waists 1 ! 1 " n °° - FLANNEL
KQ/> for WAISTS that we've sold all
*Jvv» / season for $1 25; they're made of
.best quality. German Flannel, beautiful
colorings; our New York buyer bought
them by chance. .
Q7f» for WOMEN' S FRENCH FLAN-
w(C NEL and ALBATROSS WAISTS-
neatly trimmed - with hemstitchlngs and
tucks; lined . throughout; regularly sold
-¦ ¦ at $2 50. ' ' ' ¦ « •
Sit ¦ PZ fk '¦ for • WOMEN'S FRENCH
OJUJW FLANNEL and ALBATROSS
WAISTS, • some prettily trimmed with
Point Venice Lace and tucks and some
embroidered • in .• silk bow knot ' pattern ;
many of these waists have sold as hisrh
as $5 00. - .; •><£••? •?«/**-•¦ s .
¦ "> These ¦ waists : are Just * a little mussed
>1 rom handling, otherwise , in j perfect con-
dltlon. i ;¦ . ,'¦¦.¦ ¦'.¦ - t '-*L.t\ •'
WOMEN'.^ FLANNEL GOWNS.
43c for 75c Flannel a Nightgowns. •
73c for- 81 00 Flannel Nightgowns.
O8c \t or r $1 50 Flannel - 1 Nightgowns. -
35c for 50c Children's Flannel Gowns
48c for 51. 00" Children's Flannel Gowns.
Above Gowns are made of heavy Pink or
Blue Striped ? Flannel and trimmed with
fancy r braids, and.' linen • laces ¦ and lnier-
tlons.' -.•••/'."<•'•—"''•'"¦¦ ' ' .
-V'--,:-. : v ! V'. ; - CORSETS. . ¦
! OUR' CORSET GUARANTEE gives you
protection.' You can wear our Corsets 80
days. .If.,: then not; satisfactory bring the
' wonKcoifcet . back , and/ we'll- refund your
money or. give you a new. corset M ¦.*--.
'*. ¦¦'. - TO-DAY'SSPECIALS.
48e for 75c Corsets, y •• - ' . .
¦TSe for 'f I -00 Corsets:- ' " ' -," -
OSc for $1 60 Corsets. '•
¦ *1 .48 * t or.- $2- 00 : Corsets. -¦•' -. . '"
¦*•-. These • Coreets come in all - the popular
makes,, including; R.?& G., Thompson's P.
; & .' N." and . other, prom inent • makes. « -
We call attention- t6',the newest craze In
Corsets — The -Tape Girdle— On sale OO^>
- %- to-day^at-r. .».-..•. ...i»V.. .-. . . i7Ow
.--..¦¦ -,. -.Sold elsewhere at |1. 60.?
HOSIERY VALUES.- j
S Q>». for WOMEN'S>12J4c BLACK
Ot^,HOSE. -. . Tt>
If/V'T' for rWOMEN'S 15tt BLACK
I 1C-.; HOSE. • • : ,t ¦ ¦¦ -
1 P5r» for WOMEN'S 25o BLACK AND
lOW WHITE : VERTICAL . STRIPED
HOSE.
< 1 1 r» f or . CHILDREN'S 15c BLACK
1 Iv. - HOSE. - .
1 B5r»' for CHILDREN'S 25c' BLACK
1OW. HOSE. :...-:-. .•;
. '. Both 'lots of Children's Hose ' are double
knee, heel and toe; all hosiery, full flnlsa
and : fast bla^k. .
OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL 11 O'CLOCK; ;
12124214 Market st m
; v ... Bstwoen Taylor and Jones.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated test Cane Su;ar, 22 lbs. $1.00
Extra Dry Bpreckels Best.
.BAKER'S COCOA, Mb. cans ...20s
Extra Special Bargain. Rej. 23c.
LENNOX SOAP, 8 cakes ...25c
Special Request. Regular 6 for 23c.
CODFISH, Choice Eastern, 4 lbs. 25c
Best Boneless. Rer. 10c lb.
CHOICE Point Reyes BUTTER, square 37i2
One Square 40c, 2 squares 75c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUT1ER, square,. 45c
Fine Butter, our make. Regular 65c
SANTA ROSA RANCH E66S, to). - -22&
«^^ ve ? r - Egr8r Guaranteed. Reg. 23c.
BEST MISSION E66S, cozen 27*8 j
Received Dally. Reg. 32140. -4f
BEST (L Bros.' brand) Eastern Haras, 122?
Our Hams are Sugar Cured and every
Ham is Guaranteed. Re*. 14c.
M0N068AM O.P, S. WHISKEY, gal. 52.50
Special Request. Reg. $3 50.
SEEDED RAISiNS »* 3 Packages. -25c
Cleaned Currants. Seedless Raisins. 2 full-
weight packages 25c.
HgBRAYcR S&Sr WHISKY, qt. bpt. .85c
Extra SpecJaf Bargain. Reg. 11 23
BR0MAN8EL0N Dessert Jelly, Pkg. . . .10c
bestIusab peas, Petit Pah can. . I2ic
Reg. 20c can.
Jamaica Rum, Old London Dock, qt. bat. 75c
_ Unequaled for Purity. Rer. $1.
Fresh Mackerel, in mustard sauce, can 121c
Extra Special. Reg. 20o can.
(REAM FLAKES MUSH, III lbs 25c
Rer ft sounds for 25c
MACARONI, SPAGHETTI, box. ...... .20c
• Vermicelli. Re*. 25c
CHOICE FAMILY FLOIH, 50-lB. sack, 85c »
Rer. 85c ; V . >V,.
EXTRA SU3AR CORN, 3 cans 25c
Limit 3 cans. Reg. 12Uo can. Mkm
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage . of these "special"
rales. We ship free of charge within 100 •
miles on all orders exceeding $3. Ask ir*^
' . monthly price list— free.
1348-1334 Market •' treat,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 202. No Branch
stores. :
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Atkalinei Water
22O BROADWAT, N. T.
DR.MGMJLTY;
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE OLD
Specialist etire* Blood Poisoa, Gonorrhoea, Cileet,
Stricture, seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. - Booic on Diseases of Men. tree.
O vpr 20 years' experietice.Term* reasonable. Hour*.
9to3daUy;ft:30to3.30ev'g3..Sandava,10tol3. Consul-
tation freejuid sacredly confidential. Call oraddreaa
P. rtOHCOK aicXULTY, H. D.
Z&14 Kearny SU San Francisco, C*l.
wbbMi Gin $1.00 jsT Yeai>
: Eale's/ | Hale>s :. n-
V C M -ir-iV 1 "- J /Mi — — "^^^ V is. I OO *
Nfew Belts and Buckles.
$2.OO — A handsome black satin g On
having a steel ornament on the' & or oxydiAS
h ? C 1! In = hes - lon S'' and a f"'" dl P and white elastic belts with buckles
oxvdized buckle. p
91.25— Black taffeta tucked belt 7?f//.Z»7/>o
. with 4-inch girdle back, bound with -^UVtv^Cd. ¦.;;. : .z
' harrow black velvet ribbon, and 25c — The -very latest effects in style
having dainty steel buckle. and design, in gold, oxydized and
$1.00— A' fine assortment of steel steel. .
beaded elastic belts; will fit any S5c— Steel buckles in new. designs
size. " and latest dip effect.
To-c — Black satin belt with very fine 5Oc — Gold and oxydized buckles,
tucks, with two soft folds of satin. with latest jeweled "^Li cameo de-
borders : studded with steel and signs.- >
Toilet Soap 5c a box,
Three cakes in a box, and good soap it is. too. Think of it! We wouldn't
do it if, we did not know that we had so many good things at drug coun-
ter that you would be sure to buy something else when you come for this.
Candy To=day. Kites 5c.
Two oarticularlv trood thinss— * „,?'« children call them butterflies. \
_ IW0 particularly gooa inings They're m pretty colors, well made.
Three Eolls of Crisps 10c— 5 cakes
in a roll; the same that you usually ¦[ rt/I oC ]r r »*-*•-»
'pay.se for; three such rolls for -• lTlcl^K*> IOC.
IOC — fresh. Perfect make-believe faces, represent-
Molasses Cream Kisses 20c a 1b. !?# c^GW^'^SSfe^c'SSS^
' - : "Chinaman," "Negro" (man or woman),
[4 a {M C o llj^-v {~\*i i O "Clown," "Dudf," in fact, any face you
riHir JrallinQr UUi r want to imitate; 10c each; made of
• - , . ... *^._ ... gauze.
See our hair specialist. He is help- Cotton Masks 5c— All colors,
ing others. His knowledge and ex- Wire Masks 20c-I^ dies* or cent's.
npriVnre maV« him matter «-»f mnct Children's Masks 2c— All characters,
penence makes mm master -ot most of course, we give wire fasteners with
difficult cases! each. mask.
Fur News Extraordinary
Quick offers for quick folks.
Scarfs, capes or collarettes is the subject for an inter-
esting fur chapter to-day.
Sccn^fs. mtd. with electric seal, satin lined,
ai -^' ~ j.' * i' V^t.- " -1 -six .tails. • u : - v
Xpx.sa — Electric seal, three laus c - v*\ r u ; ' !• '•/- n
on each end, chain fastening* * m"^ ina "T • Co , 1Iarett . e -
?2.50-Electric seal, long- tabs at • b . len . ded . sable, electric yoke, satin
• the neck and on each end. J' ned ' '.
$ 2.05— Imitation stone marten, Ot J^ ** and up to
six tails. Jp^u.OO; fine selection. ,
$3.95 — Beaver with six tails. r f rt-n*>v
: $ 5.75— Electric seal, stone "mar-
ten tails at neck and in ends. $16.50 to $22.50 — How you
Other Scarfs up to $23.50, but would like to read the details,
too few of a kind to bear particu- . but we can't afford to print them.
¦-. lar emphasis; all good values. So few of a kind that some | one
PnlTnrf>i+f>Q wiI1 be sure to bc disappointed.
OOUaretteS. We would rather have you come
$4.25 — Tab collarette with satin; to see what we have and be sur-
lining, six tails. - prised than, on the other hand*
$6.75— Combination tab collar- .to come for any particular thing
ette yoke of Persian lamb, trim- * and be disappointed.' = \
I Market Street, J /W j Market Strait, *
Opposite Golden 1 " jfigy {Opposite Golden
I Gats Avenue. I —"^Cf^Ol* GOOD&^S^ I Ga ts Avenue.
O ¦ O r ¦ O- O
ADVERTISEKiNTS. - » .
Makes delicious hot biscuit,
griddle cakes, rolls, |S
arid muffins.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER 30., 100 WILLIAM ST. NEVVYORK. " .
A Suit II
i© Orclcir a^F -
Suits that ; ffjve: ; perfec-. ;^Mffiw4..
tion,_ satisfaction— in fab- 1 .J,
ric, in style, in work-
manship . "and ">• wearincr .-: ¦ '¦¦.
qualities— and that -hold | a |//WMM ¦ m
¦ their shape until' worn ' : ¦ r///MWvffl(\- * :
out, are the sort that we; , |iHj|.i
make to measure. 1 You -y
can get one for . ¦ -' •. ¦:' ¦• i\\\\\ffil|\\\\ ¦:
and wear (it while pay- . ' ; Y |j J| .> |rlv '
in}? for it. ;. • .:// a^J] fi : . |1 :
We remain open 'this £j0w ' W
(Saturday) evenins? ¦ till • ¦ •• ¦ " * gt '
Be sure of cur name and number.