FORMER SECRETARY FOSTER
0PP0SE5 CHINESE EXCLUSION
BILLS PENDING IN CONGRESS
INCOMING HORDES OF COOLIES FIND FRIENDS
IN MEN WHO STOOD HIGH IN NATION'S COUNCILS
BIG BASIN PARK PURCHASE
AND PRESERVATION OF TREES
EXCITE INTERESTING DEBATE
Question of the Price of the Land and the Conduct of
the State Commission Considered in San
Jose Convention.
FORMER SECRETARY OF
STATE WHO OPPOSES THE
EXCLUSION OF CHINESE.
, Conttnuedoa Pago Two.
, Jan. f : 23.— The
Kurds are ¦; in the field . In Armenia and
sanguinary tribal conflicts! have occurred
'iruthe^laVetBlof Bltlis^ahd^yan^Twen-;'
ty; men fwere'-kllled i in the" ' Bitils fight, and
both sides sliff ered heavily" at vVan.;^
.Bulgarians and Ttirks r have been In con
flict In -the vilayet .'of Kossovb. [Ten Bul
garians.were killed. :: : .;;; ,
BT7IXJABIANS v^ANT) TTJBKS
"\ MEET^ IN ¦ DEADLY : CONFLICT
1 . M EXICO CITY, Jan. 23.— Another, slight
earthquake shock shook Chilpancingo yes
terday afternoon and people ran about the
streets In ; despair. < / No harm was done. ; ; ';
¦ Official; data .shows that 614 houses,' : not
including the Govef nment.buildftgs, . were
destroyed v ln "the [first] and- second-earth
quakes. '; Thej ; people ; continue [ -,• pariic
strtcken'and many are, leaving : to estab
lish themselves in other towns. .. ¦• ,
Many Are Moving to Other
Mexican Towns.
People Continue r Panic ; Stricken' and
ANOTHER .EARTHQUAKE
, ALARMS J CHILPANCTNGO
anteeing to them the same treatment a:
to trie protection of their persons ant
property, as that enjoyed by native, citi
zens.^ . .
. Foster! read from the remarks of Min
ister Wu before the Committee on For
eign Relations during the last session, In
which he" spoke . of - the Indignities and
humiliations alleged to have been suffered
by nome of his people at the hands of our
immigration officers. ,
General Howard Is Heard.
• Major, General O. O. Howard said he In
dorsed all. that Foster "said. He had come
In contact with the Chinese on the Pacific
Coast, and characterized the alleged un
due diligence of Chinese inspectors in the
performance of "their duties as "among
the iniquities of the present. execution of
the exclusion law." ]
I Senator McLaurin of Mississippi asked
Foster if ,Wii's 7 statements were not ex
parte.' Foster responded that*fthe;state
ments had riot s been contradicted by the
Secretary., of the -, Treasury or the Com
missioner of Immigration, and that those
officials either did j not give credence - to
them or failed to report them. -Foster pro
tested against^ star chamber proceedings
with respect; to Chinese exclusion, . saying
they, were giving no opportunity for. them
to go In court arid be heard.
Powderly . spoke of the matter referred
to by Foster, land said he thought It grew
out of an' anonymous communication.' The
case was,- he said, : investigated and found
to be without ; a scintilla of truth. Pow
derly -brought to the committee-room in
custody of a United ¦ States Marshal two
alleged 'Chinese merchants, ' who,'; he said,
were samplesiof the ''merchants'* , Minis
ter Wu had referred to.
.'i Through^ an interpreter the prisoners,
Lee. Sang.^and T Chan: Ling, admitted that
they" had * entered 'the United : States / In
1S97 f on ¦> forged certificates ' alleging • that
MINISTERS OF POWERS
ATTAIN GOAL AT PEKING
"PEKING, Jan. 23. — The Ministers of the
foreign powers .here have attained the
goal which has been their aim since Inter
course between China and the powers be
gan. They have been received as repre
sentatives of sovereigns equal in rank to
the Chinese Emperor. ,
¦ The audiences yesterday between the
Emperor and the Ministers were held in
the Innermost large hall of the Forbidden
City. The Emperor sat upon a dais behind
a table. There were four princes at the
back of his chair and a dozen officials on
each side.
- The Dowager Empress was concealed by
a screen, . according to the stories of the
attendants, and remained lnviaihl*. -\ A;
An odd : fact about the , preamble and
resolutions is that they were in, an even
ing newspaper office in San Jose before
the convention had' assembled, and there
fore necessarily before any 'committee on
resolutions could have been .appointed j by
the convention. They went through with
out any .discussion, although they 'con?
talned one. remarkable' mlsstatement
which none of the attendants seemingly
noticed. This was that .the Legislature
authorized: the, purchase of 2500 acres* in'
Santa Cruz County." The act of the Leg
islature! put no limit ; oh the 'acreage:' to
be "acquired. "The ; commission -.was;;au
thorized'by' the;law.to select' from 1 ; that
tract of land commonly known as the Big
Basin, i situated in . Santa Cruz "and San
Resolution Prepared Early.
Resolved. That this * convention express Its
appreciation of ' the . generosity, public spirit
and high sentiment displayed by the owners of
the tracts under negotiation in refraining from
cutting this timber during the past year and "a
half, and especially 'since the expiration of,th«
bond, and :in now continuing to -delay y active
operations at ; the, sacrifice of their own finan
cial interests. . . , > '
the appointment of a .committee of five
on resolutions, and the committee was
made to consist; of A. P. Hill, Duncan
McPherson of Santa . Cruz, W- D. J.
Hambly, John E. Richards and the Rev!
Mr. Williams, of Saratoga/ This commit
tee brought In a preamble and resolu
tions.The preamble contained the state
ment that "the 'Legislature at its last
session created a commission for the pur
chase of 2500 acres of this forest and the
conversion of them into a public park." •"¦''
¦ The; statement' was also made* in the
preamble j that j the land under considera
tion Is worth an average price of $100 per
acre/ The trees were represented to be
in immediate danger of being cut because
the' bond 1 on '. the jj property lapsed 3 thla
month. Then followed resolutions call-
Ing upon the. commission to take .imme
diate action; providing I that the commis
sion should be notified- of the action of
the convention, and also the following; \v
¦ "W. w. Richards of San. Francisco was
elected secretary. Then A. P. Hill moved
"The people demand thaf the law which
provides for the purchase of; these trees
shall be carried out In letter "and spirit."
This audience and the orators who are to
address you are but a slight;manifesta
tion of a demand which Is well nigh uni
versal and an earnest of the Interest that
will be felt In the care and preservation
of the redwoods and; in extending the
boundaries of the park until it; shall com
prise all of the Big Basin' that Is worthy
of being preserved."
J. O. Hayes was the permanent chair
man. He urged that . the commission
should act at once, saying:
Demand for Preservation.
The convention of to-day filled the First
Unitarian Church to its limit notwith
standing the rain. • A brass band played
in front of the church just before the
opening. Within the scene was made
somewhat sylvan in its character by the
placing of fresh green boughs and a pic
ture, of the big trees in the Big Basin,
so that the effect -was pleasing. J." H.
Campbell of San Jose was . selected t or
temporary chairman and made a speech
in which he urged that the big trees
should be preserved, buthe made no at
tack upon the commission. -.-¦¦.'
Mr. Ross did not offer any resolution.
The fact is that Mr. Ross at the" early
stage of the history of the campaign for
the park suggested that In both San Ma
teo and Santa Cruz counties each section
of land In the Big Basin should be map
ped and that the records of the Assessors
should be consulted to see what each 'sec
tion was assessed at, but this suggestion
was seemingly never adopted.
"Does any one suppose that the State
Commissioners would pay $100 per acre
for the Big Basin lands? Why, to say
the worth is $400 per acre Is appealing to
credulity and not to judgment."
ject of 'the Big Basin Park was new.it
was proposed to look into the books of
the Assessors to see what the lands in
the Big Basin were assessed at? We
found that the Big Basin lands In San
Mateo County were assessed at from $6
to_$7 per acre. . /
"Does any one believe," ¦ asked the at
torney — and his Indignation was seem
ingly greater than before— "that the lands
in the Big Basin are worth $400 per acre?
Does any one believe that the owners of
those lands are going to give away, to
the State $300 per acre on their holdings?
Don't we remember that when the pro-
Value of the Acres.
SAN JOSE, Jan. ; 23.— Attorney
George C. Ross of Redwood City
created a sensation to-day at the
convention that was held in the
First Unitarian Church in this
city for the purpose of urging
action upon the State commission appoint
ed to select a park in the Big Basin in
6ar.ta Cruz and San Mateo counties.
A long preamble had been adopted, in
which It was set forth that the lands
offered to the commission by the Big
Basin Lumber Company are worth $100
per acre. D. M. Delmas had made a
epeech in which he estimated the tract
of 2500 acres offered to be worth $1,000,000.
or $400 per acre. Mr. Delmas, who fol
lowed Professor Dudley of Stanford Uni
versity, a member of the commission, had
also taken occasion to make several flings
at the commission, alleging that the com
missioners are or have been negligent and
dilatory- Then, after some other proceed
ings and near the close of the convention.
Attorney Ross arose and woke the echoes
of the quiet church by a defense of the
commission and some ringing statements
concerning the values of timber lands. In
the Bis Basin.
"Does any one believe," shouted Ross,
who was seemingly strongly moved by the
Insinuations concerning the commission,
"that Commissioner A. W. Foster or Mr.
Mills or any other, member of the hon
orable commission Is recreant to his
duty?" Mr. Ross answered this question
by enumerating the members of the com
mission, who are Governor Gage. Profes
cor Dudley of Stanford University. A.-W.
Foster, the Rev. Father Kenna of Santa
Clara College and W. H. Mills. No one
responding Mr. Ross addressed himself to
the Question of the real values of ¦> the
lands in the Big Basin.
¦ Foster's third proposition was .that .the
existing "exclusion. 1 laws' and 1 the j legisla
tion* proposed are in clear disregard of the
treaty stipulations. r He cited ,the provision
of the treaty of ,1894;. which guaranteed to
"all Chinese In • the , United • States \ the , most
favored ; nation UreatmentT' arid i ; the', pro--',
vision* of , treaties with other nations guar« ;
'•". His secona proposition was that the ex
clusion-laws should not' be made' ap
plicable to all our insular possessions and
said the. Hawaiian; Islands the
exact state : of .'affairs .which .was contem-.
plated by the /American "• negotiators j for
the j exclusion treaty, in 'which they . gave
the assurance that'to'such'a condition of
affairs the exclusion law would not apply
when all this interests* of the islands asked
for Chinese iriunigrationand'thelocal au
thorities "agreed 'that- it would not' in any
way, affect 'whitei labor. ..; > V; :,¦':.,
Foster's Second Proposition.
The first was that any law passed by
the present Congress, which continues the
exclusion of Chinese laborers beyond 1904
would; be- not only without International
authority, but . would * be In violation of
treaty '¦• stipulations. He said that- during
the .negotiations resulting in the treaty
of 1894 the. United States sought \ to have
the exclusion of Chineselaborers evtended
to twenty years, and • that " the . -Chinese
Government refused to make , it. for more
than ; ten years. He; also Insisted that
when the treaty of j 1894 (fame ;to'* an .end
the • BurHngaine "" treaty of 1868 would be
revived and come into. force, whjch treaty
stipulated for • the free and' unrestricted
emigration- of ; Chinese of all classes ¦ Into
the United" States. The treaty,/ hie said,
had only been suspended,'- as to", immi
gration, : - not abrogated. .-
— r ¦_- WASHINGTON, Jan: 23.— For-,
•^L"y^ / mer Secretary of State John
i^/%/ "w. Foster appeared before
; Y V.^T the Senate Committee on
immigration to-day and
spoke in opposition to the Chinese-exclu
sion bills which -have been introduced
in Congress. His remarks, were directed
more particularly to; the Mitchell or Pa
cific Coast bill, which, he said, was a plain
violation of our treaty with China. Foster
said "our Government \ had four times
asked China to modify existing treaties
in the' interest of American citizens and
that' in every instance China had acceded
to our request. He then submitted for the
consideration of the committee three prop
ositions:., ' . . -.' -
PRO^1 E^ T SHAKERS AT THE CONVENTION HELD IN SAN JOSE YESTERDAY, WHEN THE MATTER OF
JSSTSSS^^^nSyS^" 1 " REGI0N AND ™! PRESER ™™^™™-
Former Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury Hamlin. representing commer
cial organizations of Boston, and S. C.
Meade of ¦ the Merchants' Association of
New, York appeared before the House
Committee on Foreign Affairs to-day in
opposition to the enactment of the Mltch
ell-Kahn Chinese exclusion bill. They
made arguments similar to those made
when they were before the Senate com
mittee on Tuesday.
Lee Sang and Chan Ling later In the
day were arraigned before a United States
Commissioner and held for a hearing on
Tuesday next.
Foster contended that there were only
93,000 in the United States, but Campbell
stated that the department's information
was that the Chinese population In this
country was 300,000.
Richard K. Campbell, a Chinese Inspect
or, said that in his opinion there were
100,000 Chinese- In the United State* .who
were admitted on false certificates.
Come in on False Certificates.
Foster protested against what he called
"this spectacular performance" , without
giving these two prisoners an opportunity
to appear with counsel.
The interpreter, Charles Kee, treasury
official! described the methods pursued by
a Chinese company of Chicago In manu
facturing fraudulent certificates.
they were merchants, and that they knew
of the deception. Asked what disposition
was to be made of them, Powderly said
that they would be given a fair hearing,
but that they would ultimately be de
ported.
: Secretary of State Seward. thirty-five
years ago signed a treaty with Denmark
for the purchase of St. John and St.
Thomas. He agreed to pay $7,500,000 for
these two. islands. ' The inhabitants of the
Islands consented to - accept the .United
States as their sovereign. ,;.The Senate re
fused ; to ; rati f y the" treaty. V Denmark] be
came indignant over, its rejection and : our
friendly, relations with that nation -were
considerably impaired. ' In some quarters
there is" a disposition to believe that Den
mark.has reserved to the inhabitants of
the islands the right . to • pass 'upon I the
treaty in ' order that she,' may. be 'able/ to
cause its rejection in case there is danger
of such action on the* part of the Senate. '
Minister Brun sought to induce Secre-.
tary Hay to accept provisions giving in
habitants of the islands the same status
as citizens of the United States and tariff
concessions. :, Both of these matters are*
for Congress to determine, and the treaty
will simply accord; the Inhabitants, the*
same rights and privillges as were given
to Porto Ricans 'and , Filipinos. It will
contain no reference to the tariff relations,
which shall be maintained. ..
The State Department declines to make
public the draft of the treaty agreed upon.
The price is said to be between $3,000,000
and $4,000,000. , ' ..'. . . V
Price for the Islands.
| As the treaty must receive the ratifica
tion of the United States Senate this Gov
ernment, it is said, can have no objection
to the submission of the instrument to
the Danish islands for confirmation.
As the ( islands are a drain upon' the
Danish treasury, however, the Copen
hagen authorities . recognized the. neces
sity of selling them. It is understood
that a i plebiscitum will be held, . but it
will takej place after instead of before
the signing" of the 'treaty, • and the con
vention, In order to be effective, must re
ceive the approval of a majority of the
inhabitants.
The outlook for. effecting the treaty
was rather gloomy for a few days, in
(view of the announcement made by. the
Danish Government that. before it could
consent' to /.dispose, of . the islands a
plebiscitum must be : held to -determine
the attitude of the. inhabitants." Secretary'
Hay stated that the ' States ¦ could
have nothing 'to do ;vrith such procedure.
:; I Drain on Dan^h- Treasury.., ¦%
islands'' and ; wasV prepared 'to make lib
eral terms; but it could only negotiate
.with the Danish Government , and- not
with its subjects. . The suggestion; for a
plebiscitum,. was apparently advanced to
meet . the views of King Christian, the
aged ruler of Denmark, who dislikes to
seethe curtailment of "his territory, and
of certain of his subjects who believed
that the inhabitants should be consulted
before their land was ceded to another
nation. - .• . . " . " ¦ . •; "
. CALL BUREAU; 1406 G % STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, . Jan.* 23.—Den
mark has formally communicated to the
United. States her willingness ;'to accept
the terms off ered by ; Secretary Hay for
her three West Indian" islands;'' Minister
Brun, her - diplomatic representative in
Washington, called at the State Depart
ment this afternoon \ and communicated
this intelligence to Secretary Hay.: The
repcrt from. Copenhagen, that the treaty
will be signed to-morrow is an error.
Minister Brun has not yet received full
powers, which he must have in order to
•sign the treaty. | These will come within
the next few days," j and then the cere
mony of signing will take place. :
Special Dispatch to The Call
Inhabitants Are. Given the. Bight to
Vote Upon the Proposition Be
fore the Money Is Finally
V". ¦ '¦/•Paid.-:' s' : ' -.'. :
Denmark Is Ready to Sell the
Group for $3,000,000, or
; $4,000,000/ 0
Offer, of -^United States
for the 1 Islands Is
: Accepted
CLOSES DEAL
FOR DANISH
WEST INDIES
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCL— NO 55.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, 24, 1902.
Senate Committee, However, Is Given an Object Lesson,
and Testimony Shows 100,000 Celestials Are
Landed on False Certificates.
The San Francisco Call.From Page. One.
, BIG BASIN PARK.
,;V NAPLES,. Jan. ' 3.— Marquii * Ito, ' the" Japan- :
ese-statesman, sailed from her* to-d»y.--tot
¦ Japan on the Hamburg- American : line . steamer
Klaochau.v- ¦: :;¦ ...... ;....,...>....... ¦£¦,,¦
•We are selling, agents' * forj the :. ''Wa"ter«
man* Ideal \ Fountain jPens,".7 $2 50; to .$10
each," and sole agents for ; the '.!'Marshail, '-
the 'bes.t : $1" Fountain 'Peri : in 'the , world."
s« r>v^r-n. vaii : &, Co. . 741 Market street. ;•
The ; Best Fountain : Fens.
LEMBERG, Austria, Jan.' S3.— The pro
vincial Governor has expressed ;- regrets
to, the Russian Consul here for the occur-*
rence of last Tuesday night when a Polish
demonstration before tb,e Russian . -con
sulate" was dispersed by a detachment of
hussars. ' JSBleffiBiaBferaBBBKiSflMnHBM
Sends Regrets"; to Russian | Consul.
For Chilblains — TJse Salva-cea.
it eubdueg the inflammation and stops the
itching. Also best thing for eore or tender feet,
cold in head, barns, bruises and bite*, while for
l>!l«s it is simply remarkable. 2r>c and 50c. "at
Iruesrlcts or by mail. Salva-cea, 274 Canal, N.X. ¦
-VICTORIA, B. C, .'Jan. 23.— The ship's"
boat found- by . Indians .-of | Barkleyj Sound,
as reported -by the revenue cutter. Grant,
was not.'oneVof • the Condor's, boats nor
that of a warship. ¦¦ Investigation ' by. Cap
tain Davis : of ' this city, ;pili»t; ofr £ the
Grant, showed that -/the .-boat- was -a
double-ended, ¦ clinker-built -/.'ship's -.boat,
such as • those on v a , coasting .- -. vessel. r ? It
was intact;<but bore no marks;— No news
has . yet ; been > received 'i of the Egerla,
thovgh constant ¦. inquiries regarding " the
Condor are made by 'the Admiralty.: ,
Boat Not the " Condor's.
TRENTON. N. J.. Jan. 23.— The Repubt
lican caucus to select a candidate for
United States Senator to be.' supported
during the present session of the Legis
lature to succeed the late Senator Sewell
selected on the nineteenth ballot John F.
Dryden or Newark, president of the Pru
dential Insurance Company... Dryden on
the nineteenth ballot received exactly the
necessary twenty-two votes. His rivals
were State Senator Stokes of Cumberland
County and former United States Attor
ney Genera^ John w. Grigrgs. Congress
man Gardiner, ex-Sheriff David Baird of
Camden and Barker Ounmere of Mercer
v. ere also in the field, and while they re
< erved a fair amount of support in the
parly balloting Jt was at no time doubted
• hat the contest ¦was . between Dryden
Etokes and Griggs. The Republicans have
a majority on joint ballot of forty-five.
\vhieh assures the election of Dryden, as
the caucus action is binding.
3EPUBLICANS SELECT J
SUCCESSOR TO SlfcWELL
( Qaptaln Hobson's application for retire
ment Is preliminary, It is believed, to his
entrance into politics. He himself declines
to : discuss his political aspirations, but
his -friends do not doubt that if < his dis
trict In Alabama desires to send him to
Congress he will be willing to accept elec
tion. The district is now represented by
Bankhead. one of the leaders ¦ of the
minority in the House. Bankhead is 'an
astute politician and has no intention of
relinquishing his position. To T3ecure even
the nomination Captain Hobson will have
a hard fight on his hands. .
The appearance of Captain Hobson be
fore the retiring board was • irt conse
quence of the formal application which
he made a week ago to I Secretary. Long.
He claimed that his eyes incapacitated
him for further active service ', and that
the injury had been received in the line
of duty. He has been . under ¦ treatment
for some time, and , he has failed to suf
ficiently recover his eyesight for the im
portant technical work ' to which . a con
structor must attend. Under the law an
officer retired on account of physical dis
ability receives ..~*ee-fourths of the high
est pay of his grade. The friends. of Cap
tain Hobson In Congress are starting a
movement to retire him on full pay.
Captain Hobson left Washington at mid
night to-night for .Bridgeport, Conn:,
where he will deliver a lecture upon- the
United States ' as a world power. From
Bridgeport he will go to New York, "where
he will speak on the navy and the nation.
He will then return to the Charleston Ex
position, where he is on duty. ' "i " •
CALL. BUREAU, ,1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.-Captaln
Richmond Pietson Hobson, naval con
structor, who sank the collier Merrlmac
In the. harbor of Santiago de Cuba under
the; fire of Cervera's Squadron; appeared
to-day ..before the retiring board \ at the
Washington navy yard. If the President
approves his retirement he will ' be^ pen
sioned on a salary of about $3000 a year
for the remainder of his life. -'.•-.: .;'-..^.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The friends
of the measure for rigid: restrictions on
oleomargarine and kindred products car
ried their point before the House Com
mittee on Agriculture to-day, and by\ia
vote of 12 to 5 . ordered the report of ' a
bill which is even more restrictive "than
the . # original Grout bill ' reintroduced,". by
Representative • McCleary of V; Minnesota.
The subject has been under consideration
for the past ten days,' all of the various
Interests having been: granted- hearings.'
Before the meeting to-day the friends of
the rigid restriction | measure held aVcon
ference : and decided on several '* amend
ments. The original bill placed a^tax of
10 cents per pound on . oleomargarine and
butterine colored to imitate yellow, butter.
The word "yellow" ,waa struck out, thus
making the restriction apply to imitations,
of white or any other, kind of butter. ' An
other j ch vi ge makes , those who take uh
colored j butter : and . color it , subject | to all'
the taxes and penalties of mariufacturers.'
When the committee met: these amend
ments were ' agreed to by the foregoing
vote. ¦ ¦;;.-¦"....:.¦;.,., ': -. , ,....,.
' The opposition' to the bill, "proposed
numerous amendments, all of which were
rejected." One of them permitted 'the use
of pure milk, cream j>r butter,^ as ' an "• In
gredient ,of oleomargarine;: another, ap
plied the oleomargarine-; restrictions -~ to
"renovated butter.!'. Representative Henry
of : Connecticut was : authorized- to' report
the measure as amended. *~\ .
¦ Hale • then - moved . thatT the * measure be
referred 'to 'the Cpmmlttee on? Naval Af
fairs, '.which wasr. done -¦ by - a /viva - . voce
vote. v- '\r';; , ' . ¦ .'/.-•• v '¦¦¦¦- .¦ • ¦¦ • ¦ ' ¦: ..•--.
Mason said the resolution was practical-'
ly', the same as that ; adopted in - the case
of Admiral Dewey. 1 ¦ . - : - , c - -- *'¦-¦¦ ¦¦ -,
'.'I thinjiwe would better- let this resolu
tion • go ffver," suggested Hale,- chairman
of -the : Committee , on -Naval s Affairs. VlThe
matter : involved Is - in - controversy. It
ought to go to a committee." . >. ¦-
" "I do not see that it 'Is necessary," said
Mason, "that the resolution should; go to
acommlttee. : lt is a" statement of a his
torical. fact, which ' has ;been f passed upon
by ; the "American people.^ Under the "rules
it can be read a second time and passed."
The ' chair explained ; that ¦¦ the resolution
could not r be .read . a ; second t. time in t th«
face ' of objection, • which .had • been ' made. 1
Hale . said ; he had no objection \ to the sec
ond reading . of the resolution,', and it .was
read again. ¦*•¦¦ .: . r .
' That .; a ; sword be presented 'to him .; by , the
Secretary .' of . the. Navy , of .'the United r States,
and, the; sum of $10,000 ,or so much thereof aa
may • be necessary ; is hereby appropriated . for
the purpose of this resolution out of /any money
in the - treasury . not • otherwise appropriated, t
' That ' the Secretary . of . the ' Navy ¦ shall • cause
to be struck bronze medals commemorating th«
battle-of Santiago and .distribute' the > same to
the officers and men under command or Schley
during . said , battle of Santiago. ' ' - . -
; That , the ¦ thanks of Cbngress ' be hereby, ten
dered ,to Admiral . Winfleld Scott Schley for his
brave and : able • conduct ; while in' command of
the American fleet at ¦ the ' victorious battle of
Santiago. «- I' ityiatf frnegHTttTig:
: WASHINGTON," Jan. f 23.— An effort was
made in . the Senate .to-day by ¦ Mason of
Illinois to obtain consideration for a- joint
resolution which he Introduced extending
the thanks of Congress to Rear Admiral
Schley "for his brave and able, conduct
while' incommand r of the American . fleet
at the victorious- battle of ' Santiago'." v The
effort, -however, was- not: successful. .'Ma
son's resolution,. In addition to the thanks
of - Congress, provided that Admiral
Schley should be presented. with a sword,
that bronze medals commemorative of the
battle of Santiago should be distributed
among the officers and men "under i the
command,- of Schley. --during said battle"
and that . $10,000 - be / appropriated to . meet
the. expense of the resolution.' Mason's
resolution .was as follows: ' - V -
Son of a Rancher. '
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Jan. 23.-Tom Horn,
the scout, Indian fighter and stock detec
tive, who was arrested ten days ago and
Iharged with the murder of William E.
Nickell. a son of an Iron Mountain ranch
man, who was assassinate^ 1 last July
near his father's place,. was given his pre
liminary hearing to-day, and was held for
trial in the District Court without bonds
on the charge of murder in the first de
gree. The testimony of the ¦ prosecution
was of the most sensational nature, Dep
uty United States Marshal Lafors, Deputy
Sheriff Snow and Onhau?. testifying that
they heard Horn confess that he killed
the boy. as well as Ranchmen William
Powell and Charles Lewis, who were as
sassinated near Iron Mountain eight years
ago. Lafors engaged Horn in conversa
tion at the former's office a week ago
Horn told Lafors, the witness fcaid.'.how
the crimes were committed, the amount of
nfoney he received for the Jobs, etc.* • ,*
Censational Testimony Introduced
Against Tom Horn Who Killed
2JOTED INDIAN FIGHTER
CONFESSES TO A MHBDE3
Rigid Restrictions/ ph
Oleomargarine in
. Hous6 Bill. -•;.•¦
Mason Introduces Joint
Resolution Extend- ,
V ing: Thanks. : : %
Failing Eyesight Unfits
Naval Constructor
for "Work.
PURE BUTTER
IS PROTECTED
OFFERS SCHLEY
SWORD OF HONOR
•D.-'M/'Delmas saldthat-if : the-conven-.
tion had been held a week earlier it would
have taken: on the, nature of- a meeting
of sorrow and indignation because of. the
failure -of a" public body to perform its
duty, voluntarily accepted, :> and-: which"
that body was bound . to discharge. Ten
months had rolled by and the' commission
had; accomplished , nothing. ..The ¦ owners
of the property had .extended, their op-
tlor* and that had entitled them to the
gratitude of the : , people of . this ; State.
The value of : :the', land . had increased
double, , treble ¦ and quadruple. ;• ' The. com
missioners had not acted 'and. the owners i
had been released from -obligation. /.The
great: opportunity .-had -then gone, never
to return. ...It was inconceivable, in. these
days of .gold, when '..the 'property had
doubled, trebled and quadrupled in value,
that the owners should . not have availed
themselves of .their, legal rights. .< They
'still' held their offer open, "when. accord-
Ing to the lowest t-stimate, the'tract of
fered to . the commission contained 200,
000,000.feet pt redwood, which ; has -a ' mill
value of W per 1000 feet in' San Francisco
and $7 50 per 1000 feet in Santa. Cruz. That
made ;the lumber --on: the land {.worth
51,000,000. •• ' . ¦;-"'• '-' : - -¦..-'•"•' '.-YT1* ¦ •.-. •- .;
Mr.' Delmas- then .went, on/ to say that
it was due only ; to the generosity of ¦ the
owners of, the land that their offer of the
2500 acres, for $250,000 was still - open. •_ Mr.
Delmas -• described * the : commission as be
ing I guilty -of : manifest," inexcusable ¦ dere
liction and of negligence.' .The commission
had > just <: had j a > meeting « and - had ? now
seen 1 the ;advantage, so manifest," and the
forest was now saved and . saved 1 forever.
He ealled ¦ on '. the - convention i to voice ap
'probatlon of the | action' of * the r owners- of
the land,. who are the Big- Basin Lumber
Company. -- ••,?.¦ \
Addresses in r favor - of the . park ' in the
= Big Basin : were : made by ex-Lieutenant
Governor Jeter, T.John -E. ¦: Richards, Pro
fessor Dailey. of the : Normal School, who
presented favorable '¦¦-¦ resolutions j • adopted
by the . school ; also ; by J. ¦ w. : H(nes. - V.
A.'^Scheller was announced as a speaker,
but * failed to respond.! The appointment
of a committee of fifteen to interview the
Supervisors/ of :'» the .counties ; that may
build • roads s %p .the ." Big :. Basin -; and urge'
them, to; do so/was intrusted to the chair.
Maiteo counties," etc. The locality was
the only restriction. > -
After the resolutions had been adopted
letters, of regret at - inability to be pres
ent from President David Starr Jordan;
L. F. Bylngton of San Francisco, Charles
Wesley Reed and A. Matte were • read.
Er.ch of these gentlemen expressed sym
pathy with the project of preserving the
big trees in the Big Basin. Resolutions
from Palo Alto -Parlor » of Native Sons
strongly favoring the Big Basin park
were also read. D. P. Jackson then sang
a pretty song about the forest. Dr. Eli
McClish of tne University of the Pacific
made a' very telling speech in favor of
the preservation of the redwoods.
Professor Dudley . spoke of the work of
the commission,- but not,. he said, as. one
of the commission. He caused much en
thusiasm when he said that the park .was
sure, but there were-many details to work
out yet.' He remarked also, possibly hint
ing at the price, that the Commissioners
were ' exercising the same care . as they
•would if they were engaged in transact
ing business for • themselves. - The . people
should be patient and | have' confidence in
the commission.. The taxpayers of the
State were to ' pay for ' the park and ' th-s
k Commissioners must be careful df their
interests. They hoped to soon ; be able to
reach conclusions that would be satisfac
tory. ¦ ' .\ ¦ . . . , ... /.
Delay in the Work. ¦% .V
, LONDON. Jan. 23.— The . artist-corre
epondent of the GraDhic, who has been
following the case of Miss Stone, the cap
tive American missionary, telegraphs
from Djoumai Bala, Salonika, that the
captives are now in Bulgaria, eight hours
distant from the frontier. The corre
spondent says thatM. Gargiulo, the drago
man of the American Legation at Con
stantinople, who is negotiating for Miis
Stone's release, is convinced that, owing
to the strictness of the Turkish cordon,
nobody can clandestinely cross the fron
tier. He has therefore begged the Amer
ican. Legation at Constantinople to ask
the Porte to Instruct Ibrahim Pasha to re
lax his vigilance so as to induce the brig
ands to bring the captives over the fron
tier.
The correspondent concludes wilh say
ing it is probable that Miss Stone and
Mme. Tsilka will be free within a few
days.
and Companion Will Be Soon
Released.
Hope Is Expressed That Miss Stone
CAPTIVES OF BEIGANDS
SAID TO BE IN BULGARIA
' 'A delightful' "bachelor" dinner was ten
dered by Walter Harder Wednesday even
ing at his residence, 11 Scott street, to
W. W. von Tillow of. Von Tillow Bros,.,
; Whose approaching marriage gave rise
:the hours of 3 and 6. About one hundred
Iguests were received. The decorations,
; chiefly roses, were chosen and arranged
;in /excellent taste. Mrs. Conrad was as
sisted in receiving | by i half a dozen of
her., personal friends." ,The afternoon was
a very enjoyable" one. s
BELLE ;WHO HAS RETURNED
FjROM ;raE AND A
- "DOCTORS tDAUGHTER."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The details of
a bill restricting anarchy and anarchists
were practically determined upon to-day
by the saecial committee of members of
the House Judiciary Committee, appointed
to consider this subject. The language of
some of the provisions Is yet to be set
tled, but all of the essential features of
the torthcoming measure are determined
upon. The measure will provide the death
penalty for an attempt to kill or assault
the President or any one in line of succes
sion for the Presidency. An accessory be
fore the fact is to be treated as a prin
cipal and an accessory after the fact is
punished in a less degree than the prin
cipal. Any person who counsels, advises
or advocates the assaulting or killing of
any officer of the United States shall be
fined or Imprisoned. No alien who advo
cates an overthrow of organized govern
ment or who is affiliated with an organi
zation holding such views is to be ad
mitted to this country. I Provision also Is
made for the punishment of those con
cpiring in this country against a foreign
ruler. The special committee probably
will report to the Judiciary Committee
within the next few days and a report to
the House is expected soon thereafter.
Committee Determine - Upon
Provisions of BilL
Kembers of the House Judiciary
X'RAFT LAW TO RESTRICT
ANARCHY AND ANARCHISTS
CAPTAIN HOBSON
TO BE RETIRED
Mrs. John G. Conrad gave a tea yester
day at her home, 2234 Broadway, between
Mr. and Mrs. William Babcock gave a
pleasant dinner at their San Rafael home
last evening in honor of Miss Kate Duer
Brlgham, one of the present season's de
butantes and daughter of Dr. C. B. Brig
ham, 2202 Broadway. Twelve guests were
invited to meet Miss Brigham. Mr. Bab
cock, the host, is an uncle of the de
butante.
The event of to-night— in fact, a leading 1 *
event of the season — will be the ball
given by Mr. and Mrs. WiUard V. Hunt-,
iiiRton in honor of their young daughter,-
Miss Edith, who makes her formal bow.
to society. The affair is to be held in'
Cotillon Hall, and 150 guests have been>
invited. • - • .
Miss Huntlngton Is quite well known
among the smart set, and her personality
and good breeding have won her many
strong friends already. Her social path
wav is bound to be an unusually brilliant
one.
Mrs. C. P. Osgood, Mrs. W. S. Duncomtv
Mrs. A. S. Morrison, Mrs. O. P. Bvans, Mrs.
George E. Sage, Mrs. John H. Pcrine, Mra. Wll-'
Ham Mapson, Mrs. J. D. Bolton, Mrs. J. .E;-
Bermingham, Mrs. George E. Billings, Mrs.
Paul Goodloe, Mrs. Robert Collier and Miss;
Mabel Adams Ayer. '
Mrs. Isadore Burns gave a tea >f ronr; 3
to 6 o'clock yesterday at her home,. -404
Van Ness avenue. Over 150 guests were
received. The drawing-rooms were* charm
ingly decorated with the daintiest, of
early spring blossoms, chiefly In pink,
with an abundance of foliage.' Elaborate'
refreshments were served during the af
ternoon and the tea was delightful" In'
every particular. t . -¦'¦¦{
¦¦¦ Mrs. Burns was assisted in receiving by,
the following ladies: ' . '>:-.
Mrs. Warren Clarke, Mrs. Laurance Scott,
Mrs. McMullen. Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs
George Pqpe, Miss Gcnevieve Caroian, 1 Miss
Cadwallader, Miss Lillian Spreckels. Miss Tay
lor. Miss Carolan. Miss Hager, Miss Georgina
Jones, Miss Frances Hopkins and Miss Edith
McBean. . -..¦..•.
"~ fornla street. An -elaborate
luncheon -to sixteen guests was the feat
ure of the day. Red was the color scheme
for the decorations; which were beautiful
and artistic. Everything was perfectly
appointed: The guests were:
» •-¦'»'
MRS. WILLIAM TAYLOR and
Miss Georgina Hopkins enter
tained - yesterday at the E. W.
Hopkins residence, 2093 Cali-
To-night the festivities will begin with
a banquet. President:' Wheeler . will -pre
side at .the dinner and Professor C- M.
Gayley, Dr. G. T. Lapsley and: Warren
Gregory will be numbered among the
speakers of the evening.
The University Club' of San' Francisco
has decided to inaugurate two special
evenings of entertainment for the faculty
of the two California universities. Presi
dent -Jordan • of Stanford and President
Wheeler of. California are heartily join
ing in the movement, which is to be made
an annual event. The fourth Friday
night in January of each year 'will be
University of California night, while the
fourth Friday of each April will be Le
land ; Stanford' Jr. University night. On
these occasions the club will extend - all
its privileges to the faculty of the unl
versityin whose honor the affair is given.
'The fourth assembly and german of the
-, Entre Nous Cotillon Club will take place
to-n}ght at the Palace Hotel.
' The excellent 'management and conse
quent success of the last cotillon several
weeks ago prompts universal interest in
the event to-night.- ' •
• Many, box parties, are being : arranged
for to-morrow's Eder Jai game, "in which
• the.phllanthropic Doctor's Daughters .are
interested. Several ; luncheons -- will be
? given preceding the^ game, f he tickets
<are 'selling rapidly .'at Sherman, Clay &
'. Co.'s _ at $1, eachf l general- 'admission 50
cents';: In case of rainy weather the tick
ets . will be ;good for the following : -clear
Saturday.'.,. . ..'¦ * ¦ - •-.' :' .
-Miss Mabel Cluff. has returned home
after a delightful trip East.. Eight weeks
ago Miss Cluff.. left for Cincinnati, ami
atfer a visit there went down into Ken
tucky, then on to New- York. On her waji
back she stopped again at Cincinnati, and
has now returned to San Francisco,
where she will remain to en joy- the fes
tivities .that make -merry the, life of the
debutante. This is Miss Cluff's first sea
son. " . •
Mrs. H. T. Scott/ Mrs. H. i. Huntingdon.
Mrs. Norris, Mrs. John Babcock, 'Mrs. Edward
.Pond, Mrs. William Ford. Nichols, • Mrs. George
W. Glbbs and Mrs. John 'Waterman Phillips.'
Mrs. Tilley, the wife of Admiral Tilley,
was hostess, at an luncheon on Wednes
day, in . honor of Mrs. Alexander Center.
The- decorations were artistic and the af
fair a "delightful- one. 'The other guests
were: . ... ;..•".¦ f .-,.- .>' ¦¦ ¦ .;.- . :
ner, 'Henry Bruenn, William Kuhl, John
Dencker, Percy Parker, and Len Hart. .
Hanna replied that the United 'State?
had not eonquered the markets of Europe
and the markets of the world -^ere yet
an unexplored field for us. In order that
the direct attention of the Government
"We have invaded England. Germany,
Australia, Italy and Russia, and for the
Senator (Hanna), who stands as a repre
sentative of the achievements of the
Dingiey law, - to join the ranks of men
who declare that we 'will be ruined if we
do ¦' not get additional • markets for our
goods is to me a matter of surprise. We
do not need further action, nor do we
need additional markets." . ,
"We do," replied Hanna.
"The record of what has been accom
plished by the Dingiey law," continued
Hale, "Is to me the most amazing record
ever exhibited to the world in the absorp
tion-of foreign trade. We have absorbed
foreign trade in the great- countries that
are competitors of ours. -.We have wasted
our. energies in a dream of what Is called
Oriental trade, which never did. and never
will- figure in comparison with the mar
kets of. the civilized world.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— Consideration
of the Department of Commerce bill was
resumed in the Senate to-day, the pend
ing amendment being, that offered by Pet
tus of Alabama, providing that the-De
partment of Labor be ; not transferred to
tne proposed new department.
Pettus made a brief argument in sup
port of his amendment. ' '
In reply Nelson, in charge of the pend
ing measure, said that throughout the
consideration of the bill he had heard no
protest against the transfer of the De
partment of Labor to the Department of
Commerce until recently an official of a
labor ! organization had objected to the
transfer. .He was convinced, he said, that
whatever opposition had been aroused
among labor people to the transfer of the
.Department of. Labor had been Inspired
from within the Department of Labor n
selL ..... ¦ ¦ ..
Bacon of Georgia strongly supported
Pettus' amendment and urged thac in tne
absence of «¦ some good reason^the protest
entered by Baimuei Gompers, presiaent of
Uhe' American Federation of Labor,
against the transfer of the -Department of
Labor 'to the new department ought to
be "heeded. " • ¦ ' ' • - • ' •"• •
¦ Hanna of Ohio said the establishment
of the new department was in the inter
est of both capital and labor, The labor
interests of the country would not object
to the transfer of the Department of La
bor. Personally, he believed all bureaus
or~ independent departments ought ' to be
attached to some executive department.
It had been his privilege to discuss this
subject with laboring men of the country
and he was. certain they favored the
pending bill. Hanna said -that the time
had come when .we must expand our com
merce or restrict our production.
At this point he was interrupted by
Hale of Maine, who said that the United
States already had captured all the for
eign trade worth having; and he inquired
at Hanna whether he did not realize that
as being a fact.
."I do not," promptly replied Hanna. .
"Then the Senator and I disagree," said
Hal«.-
Senators Still Consider
ing the Proposed New.
Department. ' '
DISCUSS LABOR
AND COMMERCE
WHY SCHEEPERS
WAS EXECUTED
War Secretary of Great
Britain Is Asked for
an Explanation.
•LONDON, Jan. 23.— War Secretary
Brpderick was asked by William Red
mond (Irish Nationalist) in the House 6i
Commons to-day . why Commandant
Scheepers was executed last Saturday at
Graaf Reinet, Cape Colony. The Secre
tary replied. that Scheei-er3 was shot be^
cause .he had been convicted of various
offenses against the usages of war, in
cluding . several cold-blooded murders af
natives and the .Hogging oi a white man.
iiroderlcK added thai tue lact tnat Com
mandant Scheepers was a prisoner of w«»r
carried no ¦ exemption iron* tnai ior mur
cer and other violations of tne rules qf
war. . .v • . - . : '¦'.'-
Half ourv the Government leader in the
House, partially tarried an interesting
ouestion put by iicLaren, Liberal, as to
whether any proposal In behalf of the
leaders of iha Boers with the view, of
bringing about a settlement of the w-?r
had teen received by the Government
since the negotiations between Kltchenar
and Botha. ' „ ¦ '
"No proposal of that kind." said. Bal
four, "nas reached us on the pan of any
one able to speaK for the leaaers of the
Boer forces."
The .evasive reply of the Government
leader was taken to be a confinnatlo£"of"
the reports that tne proposals had Been
received from the Boer delegates In
Europe, but had been rejected.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—Representa
tive Clark of Missouri to-day introduced
a joint resolution expressing sympathy
for the two South African republics and
regret over the suffering caused by ¦ the
war. The resolution expresses the hope
that this declaration by Congress wai
Influence Great Britain to consider favor
ably a settlement of the troubles. Pro
vision is made for forwarding the reso
lution to the British Government and to
President Kruser.
The resolution Introduced in the Senate
yesterday by Teller, providing for inter
vention on the part of this Government
on behalf of the Boer commandant,
Scheepers, sentenced to death by the
British South African authorities, was
postponed indefinitely to-day, as Scheep
ers already had been executed. Teller
made a hrlef but caustic speech on the
actions of Great Britain In the Boer war
and declared that if the facts of this case
were as he understood them "Great Brit
ain, in putting Scheepers to death, is
guilty of a vile assassination."
might be given to the commercial and In
dustrial Interests of the United States
the commercial. Industrial and agricul
tural bodies of the country had demanded
a bill of the kind pending, and ha assert
ed that when he spoke of the Industrial
interests he referred to capital and labor,
organized and unorganized.
Hale then offered an amendment trans
ferring to the new department the Inter
state Commerce Commission.
Pending action upon this and other
amendments which had been offered,
Elkins, Cockrell. Money, Martin, Spooner,
Hale, Hoar, McCumber and Clay dis
cussed various suggested amendments
and the measure generally.
The Senate at 4:30 p. m. went Into ex
ecutive session, and at 4:55 p. nx. ad
journed until Monday. , .
In another dispatch received by. the Lib
erals to-day Generals Cojodomiro Castillo
and Jose Maria Castillo acknowledged re
ceipt of 500,000 cartridges for Mauser,
Remington and Mapnlicher rifles, sent
more than a fortnight ago. The brothers
Castillo also announced that they had in
vaded Bolivar province and held troops
on the Magdalena River at Plato. PIvijar
and Zarabrano. The object of this expe
dition was to furnish the guerrilla troops
with ammunition. According to this dis
patch the Conservatives in this region
were reduced to the towns of Santa Marta
and Cienaga. the rest being In the undis
puted possession of the Liberals. «
The British and American warships are ;
expected to reach Colon directly. . ;
A short skirmish occurred on the rail
road line between here and Panama yes- '
terday in which there were ten casualties
among the Liberals.
NEW foRIv, Jan. 23.— A cipher dispatch
was received to-day by Dr. J. Restrepo,
agent of the Colombian Liberal junta
here, announcing that General Frederico
Parrera was at Paraiso, awaiting rein
forcements from Nombre de Dios. Code ,
end Bocas del Toro, and that as soon as j
these arrived Colon was to be attacked, j
A detail of troops forming part of Gen- j
eral Sergio Perez's army was reported at i
JSmperador, on the line of the Panama j
Railway, and at Matachin. A Liberal
force under General Victoriano Lorenzo !
was expected to effect a junction with the j
Perez detachment. Panama, it was said, i
was not to be attacked at present, but {
efforts would be made to prevent supplies j
reaching it. " j
COLON. Colombia, Jan. 23.— The situa- j.
tion on the isthmus remains unchanged.'
Although quiet rules both here and at
Panama these two ports are on the tip
toe of expectancy and the resumption of
hostilities between the Government forces .
and the Colombian Liberals is awaited at i
anj' moment. i
Robert Oxnard of San Francisco . and D,
C.^Corbin of, Washington spoke for the
beet -. sugar industries in . those ' localities,
their arguments being on substantially
similar lines to those already made.»
During the examination of Robert Ox
nard, Representative Long, presented . a
letter from John D. Spreckels, - the Cali
fornia sugar producer, to members of the
committee. Spreckels in his. letter said
that in bis opinion the beet; sugar indus
try could stand a small cut on raw sugar,
but not on refined sugar. Oxnard de
clined to * discuss "the statements in
Spreckels 1 -letter. Owing to . the large
number of persons desiring to be heard,
Chairman Payne decided to continue the
hearing, to-morrow, those opposing Cu
ban concessions to have until noon, after
v. hich hour it is expected that some of
the officials of Cuba will be heard in fa
vor of reciprocity.
•James W. Post- of the iNew Orleans
Eoard^of Trade, J.S. Farr, Thomas 8-
Wilkinson, 'Georze W. Mott and ID,- D*.
Colett , of Louisiana lall opposed 'Cuban
concessions.' . ' • '"" ¦ . "'; '." -
All Oppose Cuban Concessions.
He referred to General Wood's activity
in the' movement, - which | indicated that
Governor Wood had become infatuated
with Cuba and his Spanish associates.
This • might be a part of the Governor
General's duty, but it had. not improved
the credit of Americans at : the banks.
The .speaker, maintained that the Cubans
who- were urging this concession were
buying their goods in Spain and England
and yet "had the cheek" to come to an
American Congress for help. ¦ <•-. •
Hill said it was a matter of amazement
that at a time when Germany was using
the utmost effort to develop the sugar
industry those who represent the Ameri-'
can people should consider a proposition
which would have the effect of destroy
ing the American industry and- of plac
ing the production of sugar under foreign
control.
In answer to questions by Representa
tiveLong, of Kansas, Hill said -a 50 per
cent reduction would reduce the price of
raw sugar, but not on refined, the price
on the latter being fixed in Hamburg.
This. reduction of duty would not inure
to the Cuban planter, but to the foreign
purchaser.
Ex-Governor Warmouth of Louisiana
made a vigorous speech opposing conces
sions- to Cuba. It was a proposition, he
said, from the "syndicates and grandees
of Cuba, who had the cheek to come be
fore an American Congress and ask that
the industries of our people shall be de
stroyed so that they could make money
out of our merchants." ' • ¦¦'•
, WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The Cuban re
ciprocity hearings before the Ways and
Means Committee : to-day were devoted
chiefly to the sugar interests , of Louis
iana, who":, are ': opposed to the proposed
concessions to Cuba - on - the - ground -that
it will cripple the ; sugar production , of
that State." A number of the large . plan'-'
ters'and manufacturers of the, State -were,
present and the allied interests -'.of '„ beet
sugar and \ tobacco, which . are similarly;
opposed to', concessions to Cuba, also were
numerously reDse'sented. ' i '¦...*'
The opening -statement in behalf of the,
Louisiana -interests "was -made -by J. D;
Hill of New Orleans, an extensive plan
ter. He asserted that the sugar trust was
behind the Cuban movement and present-'
ed statistics to show that the result of
concessions to Cuba would make the su
gar trust the real beneficiary, constitut
ing that organization a colossal monopoly
In Cuba. ' - .
'Would Benefit Foreign Purchaser.
Former Governor Warmouth • Refers
to the Significant Activity of Gov- j
ernor. General Wood in the ? .
' -¦¦' „ Movement, w -jHii^f.
Munitions of War Sent From This
Country to Be Used in the Cam
paign Against Colombian
Government.
Insurgents Are Uniting Forces
and Preparing a Deter
mined Attack.
Say Tariff Reduction WouT^
Cripple ¦ Sugar Prcduction
Prominent: Planters Op
pose Proposed Con
cessionsvfcbiCuba.^
A Preliminary Skirmish
Takes Place on the
Panama Railroad.
„ I the pleasant : occasion. Many courses
witty toasts and charming music brought
>• the midnight hour all. too soon. The in
vited were .W.W.. von -Tillow, W.T. vor
¦ Tillow, George - Humphreys, . Bruno i Kauf-
Huntingdon Ball Important Event==-tickets Sell Fast
'*. for Charity Eder Jai Game.
LIBERALS
CLOSING IN
ON COLON
IKTERESTS
LUNCHEONS AND DAINTY TEAS
OCCUPY SOCIETY'S ATTENTION
THE SAN FRA^ClSCa^CALL, FRIDAYy JANUAuV iini^
2
Tapioca Cream |pm The H-O Co.'s Tapioca I
>-^" : - ¦ , . . "¦'; ¦ ' ¦' '. ' ' ' ¦ . ; " . ' .
: 't I the root of a trop-
: A ical plant— with all the flavor
;: and aroma '.and richness of the
sun; soil and atmosphere. It is an
article of food, the merits of which
are scarcely yet realized. >
• % Preeminent among tapiocas stands
"The H-O Co.'s Tapioca, "guaranteed 19
r We have just, received another new shipment of our $l.gs,hats .
direct from the factory;. they comprise Derbies, Fedoras, Crushers, '
Pant'ourists and Florodoras; the colors in the stiff hats are black, • '
brown and cedar: in the soft hats black, . brown, cedar, pearl, blue,
pearl; steel f and Oxford;, the: hat is a $2.50 value, but we sell it as a >
. leader at all times for * -
Wp^pB| $1.95
' .Our men's golf caps for ioc apiece are selling faster than any-
• ; . ¦ thins we ever saw in the hat line.
rOut-of'town orders filled— write us. -
' *" ' 'W|rv -mm *~ f ' 4-' r 4. "' ' ' \±. ' ' ' ' •'PARTICIPANTS IN A LIVELY ROW
THAT THREATENED TRAGEDY
IX ALTURAS COURT.
.SYRACUSE, . -N.-.'.T.i. Jan. : 23.— Chancellor
James :: K." Day or. Syracuse University an
nounced to-day that John D. Rockefeller had
given • the university, $100. 000.-. which -. will be
applied i on ? the . endowment .. fund. :,. When ; tht ••
fund • reaches . f 400,000 ¦ John D. ' Archibald •¦ wiM
duplicate 'it.':- -C r . V - .
We rece'ived during ¦ December over • 100
patterns -of entirely ; new things Jn^ mold-
Ings which we have not had 'time to open
until now. The, beauty, originality and
moderate . price . of these moldings ¦ will
please every one having pictures to frame.
On sale after,. this date. -Sanborn, Vail. &
Co., 741 Market street • •
Pictures .'and Frames.
B AKERSFIELD, C ; Jan. . 23. . — ; Deputy
Sheriff Borgward t ¦ to-day, arrested a". Chi
nese ,who he believes is Hong' Sing\ Duck '
wanted ? in " Sacramento : for murder com
mitted during a"; recent highbinder . war.
The ; Sacramento : authorities have been
notified. , : * ¦ :
Thinks -the Man ' «aS Murderer.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.— Local packers and
dealers „ in dried fruits say that the s de
mand for valley dried fruits is Very brisk
The stock of prunes has about all gone to
market. : Prices continue firm at 3% cents
for new prunes and 3 cents for old stock.
Letters] from Eastern dealers i state the
stock of prunes there is very light and the
demand is likely to increase. -
East Anxious for Prunes.
The Deutsche Tages Zeltung in an edi
torial broadside urges the Government
to buy up the German steamship lines.
The paper believes that a majority of the
members of the Reichstag would favor
this project, for the same reasons which
enabled the late Prince Bismarck to na
tionalize the railroads of Germany. The
unlimited capital behind the trans-At
lantic steamship combination. : says the
Tages ' Zeitung:, would force the German
lines : to make very favorable terms and
ultimately surrender their control. This
would result in facilitating the . imports
of American goods into Germany, ¦ to the
detriment of German manufacturers. ¦
. ¦ The Tages Zeitung estimates that ; the
two German steamship. lines could be ac
quired '.for 215,000,000 marks.' ,
BERLIN, Jan. 23.— Various German
newspapers discuss the trans-Atlantic
steamship concern.
Steamers May Be Secured by
American Competitors." \
German Papers Fear Trans- Atlan tic
TJBGE THE GO VEBNTIENT
TO PURCHASE THE LINES
Johnnie Richardson, 14 years old, was
the first witness called by the defense, and
told of going with his mother at 11:30 at
night to find his father and how Fife had
located him, Intoxicated in a hotel, Mrs.
Richardson had gone there and taken him
home. This was corroborated by Mrs.
Gertrude Grant, a sister of the dead man,
and by the hotel proprietor.
Others told ol Mrs. Richardson's good
character. They* were Rev. John Atwlll,
rector of the church where Mrs. Richard
son attended, and who had lived at the
Richardson home; Rev. A: R. Hunt and
Peter Christiansen, the latter a member
of the Grand Jury that Indicted Mrs.
Richardson.
PLATTSBURG, Mo.. Jan. 23.— Mrs. Ad
die B. Richardson's defense was begun to
day In her • trial for the murder of her
husband, Frank W. Richardson, at Savan
nah. Mo. The defense will, It Is expected,
finish to-morrow, when the defendant will
take the stand. To-day it was shown that
Mrs. Richardson's trips about the streets
of Savannah after night in company, with
Stewart Fife, which fact the State
brought 6ut, yesterday, were to find her
husband.
Her Husband.
acter of Woman Who Killed
Witnesses Testify to the Good Char-
ENDEAVORING TO PKOVE
THE XHXING JUSTIFIABLE
Besides these there was the battered
half of a ship's boat, but with the letters
obliterated. The bodies of two men— they
were little more than .skeletons— were
found on the shore. In a pocket were sev
eral well preserved letters under a leather
cover.. The owner of the letters was evi
dently Julius P.Schwartz. A letter was
sigrned by S. Pope of New York.
There were bootmarks in the paths' lead
ing up the shore which could not have
been made by natives. This shows that
some at least of the unfortunate : sailors
got ashore, but where they went is a mvs
tery. Probably they started to sea. in
small boats and were lost, for nothinjr has
ever been heard of them. Heavy storms
are known _ to have raged among the
islands last January and it isthoueht
probable that the ship struck and went
down during, one of these. There were
thirty men Ja. her crew. It was thought
when the T snTp i was placed on the missing
list last June_ that she might have taken
fire or that the explosion of her oil cargo
caused her end. ¦ B
VANCOUVER. B. C., Jan. 23.-A year
and a half ago the British bark Man
chester sailed from Ne,w York for Manila.
The first authentic news of the disaster
which befell her was received here to-day
by the Canadian-Australian- liner Moana.
• A trader's schooner recently touched
at one of the smaller of the Mar
shall Islands and foun'd wreckage
there which must certainly have come
from the Manchester. The ship carried a
cargo of petroleum from New York and
several hundred cans of oil are lying
along the beach In a small cove. A mile
or | two outside are several rocky reefs
half submerged, where a vessel might eas
ily have been wrecked. The tins are
marked "Chester Tide Water Oil Com
pany, New York," which are stated to be
descriptive marks of the oil cans sent
from New .York by the Manchester.
Er>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS, Jan. 23.-The at
torneys for Milton L. Bowden and Sophia
Barth Chapman filed a petition for an in
junction in the State District Court to
day against the Great Northern Railway
and its directors to prevent the transfer
of its stock to the Northern Securities
Company. Bowden holds 400 and Mrs.
Chapman 100 shares of Great Northern
Etock. The attorneys are the same *as
those who, in behalf of Peter Power of
New York, are seeking in the United
States Court to have the retirement of
the Northern 'Pacific preferred stock de
clared illegal. The complaint sets up the
well-known facts as to the attempted
merger of the Great Northern, Northern
Pacific and Burlington systems, alleges
that it is contrary to the statutes of
Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana and
Washington and Intended to destroy all
competition, and charges that the sep
arate organizations maintained are mere
ly nominal and Intended to deceive the
public, the real management and control
being vested in the Northern Securities
Company. It is claimed that by this ac
tion the Great Northern directors have
rendered the charter of the road subject
to forleSture at the suit of the State of
Minnesota and the license of operation In
the other States traversed subject to rev-
Bodies of N a Vessef s
Sailors on an Island
Shore.
Another Injunction Suit
Filed by Dissatisfied
Shareholders.
ocatlon, and further that several such
suits are Imminent whereby the company
will lose valuable rights and privileges
unless the directors are permanently en
joined from carrying out the merger.
Judgment is demanded on eleven points —
that the merger is fraudulent and con
trary to the laws of this State; that the
Northern Securities Company is a con
spiracy; that the Great Northern direc
tors and -agents be enjoined during the
pendency of the suit and permanently
thereafter from registering any transfers
of stock to the "Northern Securities Com
pany; from recognizing .or according any
privileges to that company or from re
ceiving any votes In Its meetings; from
entering into any combination whatever
with the Northern Pacific which shall
disturb the Independent Integrity of the
defendant company; that the defendant
directors be enjoined from holding any
office in or participating In the affairs of
the Northern Securities Company or from
paying any dividends on stock held by
that company. The defendants have
twenty days In which to answer.
TRADER FINDS
SEA'S VICTIMS
STILL FIGHTING
RAILWAY MERGER
Start of the Trouble.
During the examination of Witness J.
R. Myers this afternoon Daniel Miller,
who is here as an ofucer of the State to
protect the witnesses of the prosecution
from possible outrage, interrupted the
proceedings of the court by ascending the
rostrum and engaging Judge Harrington
in whispered conversation.
ties ere having to-night to prevent a clasl
of (funfighters. The end is not yet by an;
mean* and it is feared the morrow ma;
bring a sensation of amazing magnitude.
"I take exception to the remarks of the
court ¦ and to the court allowing that
At this point Lawyer Raker interjected
himself and demanded that Miller be dis
armed. The court Ignored Raker's protest
and then the belligerent attorney re
marked: .
"It is a strange thing that a lady cannot
remain in this courtroom and listen to
testimony when her husband's life is at
stake and take notes if she wants to. ; It
Is a shame and a disgrace pn civilization."
The court ordered her removed from the
courtroom for not obeying his order.
Spencer, for the defense, then said:
Judge Harrington arose from his chair
and angrily asked one of the women spec
tators (Mrs. R. N. Nichols) if she was a
witness in the case. Mrs. Nichols, reply
ing to the inquiry of Judge Harrington,
said that she had never been subpenaed
as a witness. - Miller made claim that she
was taking notes for the benefit of wit
nesses and the court asked her to come In
side the rail as he desired to speak to
her. Mrs. Nichols came forward to the
rail from her seat and said:
"I am not before the court and refuse
to come inside the raiL"
DUBLIN. Jan. 23. — Tbnoi3iy C. Harrington,
M. P., for the Harbor division of this city,
has been re-elected Lord Mtoror of Dublin.
Witness Myers told his story of the In
cidents preceding the lynching of the
Halls. Yantls and Wilson last May. a
recess was then taken until to-morrow.
There is matter deep and dangerous in
the air to-night and all Alturas expects
The court— It will take a whole regi
ment to control him. I will listen to Ra
ker and Miller to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock. I will not stand/this abuse of
the court. .- . ,
- The court— You apologize or I will send
you to jail for your- conduct and words
before this 'court this afternoon... Sucn
actions "I have never seen in a courtroom:
The Governor of this State telegraphed
me asking if I needed troops to carry
out the law and I replied that I did not.
I will revoke it if this case can't be car
ried on under civil authorities and I will
resort to another expedient..- '
Spencer— I don't think it will take
troops to control Raker.
"You and Milter can settle this matter
out of court," said Judge Harrington.
Raker protested loudly that he was noi
going to be shot down outside of the
court, and the Judge ordered the Sherifr
to remove Raker from the courtroom.
"I take exception to the remarks of the
court," said Raker. ' :
All this time filler was endeavoring to
free himself from his restrainers and was
only held within check by a great effort
on the part of his captors, who forced
him in back of the stove. Judge Har
rington ordered the Sheriff to remove
.Miller, but the Sheriff did not obey the
order, which gave Miller an opportunity
of saying that he was a gentleman ana
would not tolerate insults from Raker.
Miller then left the room quietly and un
attended.
"Are we to stand here and be threat
ened by that man?" asked Raker.
Miller was on his feet in an instant and
made a jump for Kaker, calling the lattev
a liar and. using numerous profane epi
thets. It was oniy by the prompt action of
Attorney James Boyd of the prosscutiou
and several of the spectators that Miller
was restrained from doing Kaker bodily
harm. It was a most exciting scene.
Spectators arose in their seats and somt
of them made a rush for the doors. Thb
jury became excited and cries of "Takt
him out! Take him out!" came from tna k
quarter. Raker jumped to his feet ex
citediy, but Spencer, his colleague, quietea
him. :
Serious Battle Averted.
armed bully there to sit In this court
room."
-.. :. V-. <~ . ¦ . . i ., J. .- - .
WASHINGTON. y Jan. 23.— Consul McWade
at' Canton has cabled the State Department
that there hare beer, over 100 deaths from the
plague at Shutting, about 250 miles south .of
Canton. -, -i V ..- . • ' v. ¦¦.. . .'•%¦'¦ ¦
' PHILADELPHIA, I Jan. 23.— The steamship
Pennland, Philadelphia for i Antwerp, which
went aground yesterday on Cherry Island flats,
got off- uninjured. ,_ •/ •-'.. ;
It Is not the business o£ this commission to
enforce the antl-truBt ¦ act, and v/e express no
opinion as to the legality of the means adopted
by these • associations. •* We simply call atten
tion to - the ... fact ' that . the - decisions of the
United States Supreme Court . in . the Trans-
Missouri > and Joint ; Association cases
have produced no effect upon the' raifway oper
ations' of the country. . Such associations in
fact, exist now. as they did before those ; deci
sions, • and * with ' the - same general^ effect; ¦ ¦ > In
Justice to all parties, we ought probably to add
that- It -Is -difficult -to see how our Interstate
railways'., could ' be ¦ operated with due regard
to the Interest of the shipper and the railway
without concerted action of . the kind afforded
through." these ; • . r
Dealing with the traffic associations,
the commission states that - the ':¦ secret
"agreed" ~ rates "have been . manipulated
through these agencies, and says: '. .
' The different -lines, in an effort to: obtain -a
share of this business. - deem It ' necessary to
drive out of business the small buyer and to
c-perate their business, through a single large
concern. One effect of this is. to put" the
miller out of- the " market as _an . independent
buyer. , . . ' .- : • -.- . ; .
The commission found also. In investi
gating complaints made by Western mill
ers, that, the carriers -east of Chicago
made no serious pretense of maintaining
the export rates on wheat and that - th<?
carriers had • agreed among themselves
upon a rate " from Chicago 2% , cents ¦ be
low the published tariff, resulting In a dis
crimination-of from, 2% to 4 cents against
flour. -The open wheat tariff from Kansas
City to Chicago has been 12 cents and the
actual rate as low as 5 cents.
-Of' the practice prevalent in the West
of allowing some particular' Individual a
concesElon^which enables him to:. handle
practically all the grain transported upon
a particular railway the report : says : ".
Small Buyers Driven to the Wall.
The effect is to give them an enormous ad
vantage ¦ over j smaller . competitors located at
other points. ¦¦ Already these competitors have
mostly ceased to exist. These disclosures af
ford a pregnant Illustration of the manner In
which secret rate concessions are tending to
build up great trusts and monopolies at the ex
pense of the small Independent operator.
After summar'zlns ie io»ults of its. 'in
vestigation of the hahilUu.-r nf packing
house products the co says that
the rebates were «ivi>n f> m:1v live or siix
great concerns, and.n-I.Is: " .
It is urgvd that the ' twentieth 'section
should be amended fo as :.-> n])?n the
books of the carriers to the Inspection' of
its agnnts, under rroper r-.<-:i-;ictims. to
prevent the misuse?of inf-j.Mnntn.ii so ob
tained. It is also ir&od thai if ihe p»\v
ers of the commission :u'e> not to L.-» ren
erally enlarged some mi-thod , i-e
devised by- whlci such onlers :is it can
make nay be snforcod w Uhln a veuiou
able time.
VTo convict for paying* a rebate it is neces
sary to fchow not merely that the railway com
pany paid a rebate to a particular shipper,
but it must also be shown that it did not. pay
the same rebate to some other shipper with
respect to the same kind of traffic moving at
the same time under similar conditions. This
is almost always impossible. Departure from
the published rate is the thing which can be
shewn, and the thing .which should be visited
with- fitting punishment. '•; . V •¦ : : i;-;
Difficult to Secure a Conviction.
Taking up the difficulty of securing
convictions in cases of rate-cutting, the
report says:
Now, the object of ratecutting Is ' to get
business and make money, and the corpora
tion, if any one, profits by the illegal act. It
is the real offender, and ought certainly to
pay the penalty as well as its officer. If
every illegal act of that character . subjected'
the carrier to a substantial forfeiture, so that
the money result of the transaction was likely
to be the other way, the inducement to com
mit such offenses would be greatly diminished.
The application of the remedy, the re
port says, is fraught with dangers to the
public and should not be applied unless
the public is fully protected. In view of
those great combinations which have
been' formed and are now forming, by
wnich railway competition will be largely
eliminated, some method should be pro
vided by which the Government can ex
ercise in fact that control over railway
rates and operations which- courts with
out number have, asserted that it pos
sesses-and which many persons suppose
that it now exerts. The commission be -
lleves that the whole law should be re
vised upon some correct theory and spine
workable basis. ' v ;, •<,*.' "". : . ' %.' . '
In view of the gross .violations of 'ne
act the commission suggests that if. it is
not possible to. amend this law in its. more
essential features it ought at least-*, to be
possible to deal with those coerclVeJjfea
tures of the act which are lntendM-.to
prevent practices of this character.*,--;^;.
Referring to : th6" court decisions.;, that
penalties cannot be imposed upon *; cor
porations violating the act, and that only
their «gents can be punished, the commis
sion says:
That there are palliating circumstances
under which railway/ traiiic officials act
the commission is not unmindful, and tne
opinion is expressed that existing laws
snould be so amended that : every man
ager who desires to observe them can do
so without risk of sacrifice of their prop
erty.
Remedy Is Fraught With Dangers.
The facts therein developed- are.' of ; such -a
.character that no thougtmui person, can con
template them with I indifference., i That a the
lending trarfic officials' of many -of ; the' prln-"
cipal railway lines, men occupying high posi
tions and charged with the most important
duties, should aeliberately violate the statute
law of the land and in sume cases agree with
each other to Uo bo; that it should be thougnt
by them necessary to destroy vouchers and' to
so manipulate bookkeeping us to . obliterate
every evidence of. the . transactions; that hun
dreds of thousand of dollars should be paid ; in
unlawful : rebates to a few great packing
houses; that the business of railroad* transpor
tation should to such an extent be conducted
In open disregard of* law, must be surprising
and offensive to all right-minded ' ' persons.
£qually startling at least is the fact that the
owners of these packing houses, men whose
names are known throughout the commercial
world, should seemingly be eager to augment
their gains with .the enormous amounts of
these rebates, which they receive in plain de
fiance of a Federal statute.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The \annual
report of the Interstate Commerce \ Cora-/
mission, which was transmitted' to : Con-',
gress to-day, renews the declaration made
In previous 'reports that in ¦ Its present
condition the act . to regulate xommerco
cannot be enforced. As to remedial leg-'
islation, the commission renews the state
ment maae in Us previous annual report
that it "haa s'.Uie to suggest atu nothing
new to proi'o^i." • • ¦ ,. ¦ .
The featiii." cf the report Is th'J almost
sensational s'-uitment of the relations ex
isting between the railroads and a. . com
paratively few heavy shippers. Referring 1
to tne commission's recent investigations
into the -moving of pacKing-housec-prod
ucts and of grain and grain products; the
report says: . - -. ,. v . • '
Secret 'Rate Concessions^ Made to a
Few Heavy Shippers- Are Fast^ ,
Killing. Off Ali-'Competi-v . .
Sensational Statements Made
Concerning Violations
Anniial Report Filed by
Interstate Commerce
Commission,
men of Modoc County realize that a crisis
Is near at hand. The venturesome Hot
spur himself would have considered a trip
Dn rhe unsteadfast footing of a spear over
the turbulent pit a mere kindergarten af-
Cair compared with the task the authorl-
ALTURAS. Jan. 23.— The Impetuous
Mr. Raker and the self-contained
but ominous Mr. Miller, both
conspicuous actors In the Look
out lynching case on trial m
Judge Harrington's court, came very near
enlivening some rich court comedy with
a dash of genuine tragedy this afternoon.
There has been no shooting yet, but the
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The consider
ation of the urgent deficiency bill, which
has been under debate in the House since
Monday, was completed to-day, but owing
to the lateness of the hour passage of me
bill .was postponed, until , to-morrow. A
successful effort was made to increase the
pay of rural free delivery carriers from
$500 to, $600 per annum. Hill' of Connecti
cut made the 'motion to Increase the ap
propriation for this, purpose. It was re
sisted by Cannon and Loud, chairman of
the- Postonice Committee, : on • the ground
that the "^method .was irregular, but the
members with rural constituents support
ed itand it was adopted.;^-'-
Urgent Deficiency Bill for This
Purpose.
An Additional Appropriation in the
INCREASED PAY FOR -.',^}\
RURAL DELIVERY CARRIERS
¦ "Having been convinced of this Im
portant fact I became a Panama man, in
the first place because the Panama route
is! forty-nine miles and the Nicaragua 1S3
miles; because the cost of the Nicaragua
when you. add the excess of maintenance
is almost as much more than the, Panama
as the Panama: was more than 'the Nica
ragua . . before . the revised • offer of the
Panama the Better Route.
and managing director of the company
and talk over their proposed offer to sell
to the United States. I did so. I was
particularly interested in the president of
the company, because I found him an ex
extremely well posted man, who realized
,the position In which the Panama Com
pany.' had been placed and appreciated
that if he did not sell to the United States
at the figure which the United States of
fered we would build the canal elsewhere.
These gentlemen convinced me that the
Panama property could absolutely be
transferred to the United States and that
the title would be - perfectly • clear. I
looked Into this matter with some care.
If we take the property we need have no
apprehension that litigation and complica
tions between the United States and citi
zens of France will follow. ¦ . • '--¦¦,
i HUNTINGDON, W. Va., Jan. 23.—Col
onel Gilbert' Bentley, a wealthy timber
map, was' killed to-day by*Rlley Ramey,.
who'at, once' surrendered to the authori-'
ties/ Both /: are .prominent. The fatal
,meecing. occurred on the public highway
near Elkhorn City, on the Big Sandy. The
men ¦ met on : horseback and both, drew
their revolvers. Bentley was struck in
the- left. breast by the lirst shot and fell
from his horse.- It is thought that Ramey
continued tiring until he killed Bentley.
They had been enemies for years as a re
sult of a shooting scrape between their
sons, in which, neither of the sons t was
seriously injured. -V . • ¦'.'" •¦ ~ . .
Barney claims that the first bullet , from
Bentley's revolver pierced his hat. > .
on a Public Highway With
.< Fatal Result.'
Quarrel of Long Standing Renewe-J
very, outspoken In advocating the
Panama route for an Isthmian canal and
his argument on the. subject is having
more , effect than the ) supplemental report
of 'the Canal Commission, in which nine
members have ' absolutely reversed their
opinion. Senator, Depew said to-nlrht: ,
"I am a; canal man as "well as a rail
road man.;, I have. always been a friend
of \ the ' : Eri V canal. . " ¦ This . may seem
strange, -, but I ' have : disagreed with rail
road men - generally on this point. My
contention has . been that the Erie canal
would concentrate • the grain, business at
Buffalo and divert the great mass of the
grain , traffic to the Seaboard from other
routes directly down the Mohawk. Valley,
to New .York City. : : : '¦;.;'. •£*:¦>;
• | < v I>spsw ¦ Is Converted. . '' , ".' 'J '¦
"Wlieh I went to Paris recently I was
waited upon by the counsel* of the New
Panama Canal Company, who asked me
if I would consent to meet the president
PROMINENT TI1IBEB, MAN . [
' \ SHOT TO DEATH BY ENEMY;
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W.,; WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—
Senator Chauricey M.' Depew since
his return ¦; from ', Paris - ; has been
NEW YORK. Jan. 23.— Mayor Low to
day made public his reply to a letter re
cently addressed -to him by the Society
for the Prevention of Crime. He ex
pressed his attitude on the excise question
as follows:
"The attitude of this administration
toward the excise law can be clearly de
fined. It will continue to enforce the ex
cise law as one of the general body of
laws which it is called upon, to enforce in.
the best manner practicable with the
means at its disposal, but it will not con
centrate the entire police force on this
one law, and let all other laws go by
the board. It will also do everything It
can to break up the bribery and corrup
tion of which the excise law has so long
been the fruitful parent."
iys the Law Will Be Enforced and
Effort Hade to Suppress the
Corruptionists. • l
FXPBESSES HIS ATTITUDE
- ON THE EXCISE QUESTION'
French company was made; becataa
every foot of ground over the Panama
route- Is known, - whereas nearly nil of the
engineering Questions on the Nicaragua
are unknown quantities; because there
has been for fifty years a railroad along
the Panama route and none at Nicara
gua,--and, finally, because there are har
bors at either end of the Panama canal
that are now In use, while ingenuity will
be taxed to construct and maintain har
bors at either end of the Nicaragua, m
"I have had something to do with great
problems of construction, and from a bus
iness standpoint there can be no question
that Panama Is vastly superior to Nicara
gua, because at Panama we know Just
where we are and what we have to do.
Yet I am grieved to say that some very
eminent gentlemen, for whom I have
great respect, are still for Nicaragua.
They remind me of a very old story,
which you may pardon me for repeating:
" 'Judge,' said the witness In court, 'did
I say that the horse was sixteen feet
high?'
" 'You did/ replied the Judge.
" "Well, privately, Judge,' said he, 'the
horse was only sixteen hands high, hut as
I said sixteen feet I'll stick to it, and sis
teen feet it Is.' " is*-*
After a Conference in Paris He Is Convinced of the
W sdom of Buying Out French Company.
LIES ARE PASSED IN COURT;
TRIGGERS CLICK AT ALTURAS
Belligerent Lawyer and Guard for the State Officers
Nearly Cause Tragedy at a Trial. /
ILLEGAL ACTS
OF RAILROADS
ARE EXPOSED
SENATOR DEPEW ADVOCATES
PANAMA ROUTE FOR THE CANAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO :CALL,FRIDAY^^NIJARY 24; 1902.
3
< £2£SHjP* ia *^Lfl ??, m< ? iT B toT Gonorrhoea..
"\S3 wm'* 6 P erla »torrh0B*,
fi&y. *' U V" Xa 1111 **" nsstmrtldii*
«Sf In X to 5 <J«r». W charges, or 8ny i n fl azamk .
U j£f <ja»r»tt«<i to m tion, irritation or nlcert-
ftmJj Trtitnt esiiutSw. tion cf nncom mem-
Rrt theEvaks ChekicalCo. 8 -,, *"««ftria8ea*.
«Slk Vr il a *$&* S r eeot ln P^n wrapper,
8 -- 1 -^® br exprew prep*id. Tor
>^g3^^^&° Q Circular eeat on re«uert.
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared m two minutes. No boiling! no
baking ! add boiling water and set to
cooL Flavors: — Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. -Get a package
{it your grocers to-day, io cts.
- This question arises in' the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
¦ • - . ¦ jS/ sbiiiislSsS " ' B ill TTi f~ i l f^ I ¦ l r^
,. . -/iS9*M^*iJgI ¦"• *•"••* a JL a \& JL Jl *i * \& y €rV X V4L q
- /^^^/M/^^^^^mM^^^m\ * n btiyi n g our boys' and youths' clothing
/^^WfW^^^^^^m^^^^^^\ at re 5 ular P r i ces >' ou are effecting a big sav-
i7^Bwi|SIIiiil ll!li^^k\'' ing> as you are buying direct from us ' the
' \.^^^iwr^^^iP^^lw^^^^ft' makers; in buying at these reduced prices you
\^^^^^^H^^^^^^'^^^^^^^^f\ are making a double saving, as the goods are
- • '*%:."¦ IBB^^^^^^^ i^^^l^^^y / actually reduced as shown in the following:
- shades of tan. Topcoats for children from 3
/ topcoats for boys from 9 to 13, reduced from
m i*I$iiir '' nliiiSJii I $5-°° to $3.20; topcoats for youths from 14
1 tilll^liw 1 to J 9' mar ked down from S6.50 to $4.00.
-j) «K*!yw\v single or double breasted; former prices $7-OO, $8.50,
*^r ' $10.00 and $12.50; now reduced to $3.45.
HV;-|, jj ' . .•*' , -rf- -Also ; many • substantial reductions in furnishings
J[ X ™ 13 1 1 w SL I a °d caps for boys and youths.
earing of *!igwWt
suits and overcoats \F^f \
If you need a suit or overcoat now . y.jv«2*=*^L \V
is the time to buy while our clearing //i^^&^^^
sale is going on. If you think you will f^OTlflS^^^fflilBi^*
need a suit or overcoat in a couple of .. f/llt^^^JJHffl! I flfij^
months or so now is the time to buy, ///Ilij^^
for such substantial reductions as these Mi III ill fi\V*
are as unusual as they are welcome. lii Ili i ll^ife *
. These suits and . overcoats comprise cer- EHjiH w 11 ' ffisJSB II^
tain lines that were broken to some extent in . wfflnHB i KP'^S^^/
sizes after the heavy holiday selling, and, in vJaCTJfjpffic J3 \^^j^^^^f7
addition, some. regular goods that were. spe- \|i| 'IflS i M llllfv^//
cially reduced for this sale. Will I Iftllllllli//
The suits are single and double breasted tlfijHl! Siii^rTyV
sacks, made of Scotch tweeds, in stylish cuts, '
-winter - weight material; former price $12.50. , • ' \^vHll ill if '
pi«hink« ; 718 Market Street hats -
ADVERTISEMEMTS.James Walker',' a book agent; fell; into a
basement- at. Sixth and Minna 1 streets Jast
evening. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was found that he had
sustained a fractured . skull. Small hopes
are given for his recovery. * •"..¦•¦"
Book Agent Injured.
The New Chamrjaeme Record.
; The import in I90l'of 120,359. cases of G.
H. •. MUMM'S EXTRA .: DRY has never
been equaled, exceeding "one-third of the
total i importation, , nearly ', 60,000 . cases
more than any other ; brand. The ' ; Extra
Dry t now^ imported ; is - similar ' to : the'. ! 1889
vintage, being. more delicate, breedy, and
better .than- the '1893. -Immense reserves
guarantee -. the , indefinite continuance - of
this -quality. ¦¦• • , ¦ - ¦-- - 1 - -• -
Morido . Suzuki, . ; convicted of having
smuggled silks and- Japanese playing
cards in a false-bottomed coffee pot, -was
sentenced yesterday morning to serve
sixty days' imprisonment in the San Fran
cisco County Jail. James Sheridan,- coal
passer on the transport Grant, was ar
rested by Customs Inspector Lorenzen for
smuggling a woman's silk kimono.- .. He
Wore the padded and embroidered garment
nexj his skin, with his undershirt and
outer shirt over it. . ¦ ¦
Smugglers in Court;
/Thomas. Hogan and' Charles Connolly,
tough characters, were! arrested last
night by Police OfflcerChase while at
tempting to dispose of a quantity. of stolen
brass to a. Mission-street junk dealer. The
two. men were taken, to the Hall of Jus
tice and locked up In the tanks. - .,
„ Hogan is the man who shot at Police Of
ficer -.Callahan ¦ during . the labor strikes
last year.. He escaped capture at the time
and a few days later, was overhauled on
the water front by Detective O*Dea. The
detective pursued Hogan, who, to escape
arrest,- jumped into the bay, and it was
thought he was drowned.
The capture of Hogan last night will re
sult,in a charge of assault to murder.be-
Jne placed against him r for his I firing • at
Callahan. . • •- . . r .
THOMAS HOQAN LIVES AND
~ IS CAUGHT BY POLICE
The witness could not remember the
.name she was known by during the first
years of her acquaintance with the mil
lionaire, but •' In response to a question
propounded by Judge Hunt said that
when she was living at 28 Dupont street
she was known as Mrs. Vellette the
name borne by her grandmother.
Alice Edith also said that after she
had flirted with Blythe' for a Jong time
she went to his office to inquire about a
cottage he owned. On this occasion, said
- the witness, Blythe Baid to her: "You
have a very pretty foot." He gave her a
card on which he had scribbled "his ad
dress and asked her to call upon him. the
next day at noon,, when he would tell her
about the "cottage. > • .
She told yesterday how Blythe, armed
with a revolver, chased a man .named
Abraham Henderson through the streets
Blythe found Henderson hidden behind a
door in the Blythe cottage at 433 Hayes
street. Alice Edith said that Henderson
had: visited her four or five times previous
to the time Blythe drove him from the
hcuse and that he "haunted" her home
after that time.
The cross-examination of Alice Edith
DIckason, who claims' to be the widow of
the late Millionaire Blythe, was resumed
In Judge Hunt's court yesterday. Her
testimony Is practically a repetition of
tho story she told of her relations with
Blythe when she was on the witness
stand during the progress of the famous
Blythe suit. •
lionaire Remarked Smallness of
Her Pedal Extremities.
Alleged Widow Testifies That Mil-
Chief Sullivan interrupted at this junct
ure. He said that Secretary McCarthy
thought ' he was the commission ' because
he | had three commissioners ' with whom
he could do whatever he pleased.- : v
Chairman : Watt took exception to • this
statement. He said the' board was making
an effort to^run the department as they
would their own business. Commissioner
Parry asked :' the chairman he
would permit a secretary to boss his busi
ness,; but was vouchsafed no" answer, vi.j-y
; "Are you ; not ¦ aware that" the battalion
chiefs . report that the discipline '¦-, in ; the
"Then if that is." the -case I am of the
opinion that it is the secretary's place to
remain here in his, office. He has no right
or authority to be out giving orders. If
the secretary is managing the affairs of
the Fire Department I will resign and
save the city; my salary." V •.-"•'
"Why not make format charges against
Mr. McCarthy?" said Grady. "It is easy,
to whisper a man to death." . .
"I find from my investigations that the
discipline in the department Is very bad.
I attribute it to the . actions . of the sec
retary and I want . him to ' desist from
usurping authority," said Parry. _
Says McCarthy Usurps Authority.' , •
"I have, but that does not alter the fact
that the secretary is ruining the discipline
of the department by taking too , much
upon himself. His officiousness is actually
disrupting the department." ; :
| Commissioner Parry interrupted at this
moment to ask whether the board has in
vested Secretary. McCarthy with so many.
duties, 1 but receiving -no reply he. con
tinued: ' " '.. ¦ J
"But haven't you given your approval to
promotions. and transfers?", asked 'Chair
man Watt. . . .
Sullivan Waxes Wroth;
"There is only one man in the Fire De
partment, and his name is McCarthy," re
plied the Chief. "I am ready to prove that
he has interfered with the duties of the
Chief, battalion,! chiefs, captains and
everybody , else." : '..'¦¦¦ *'JiY'?»
During the discussion Commissioner
Parry, lately appointed by Mayor Schmitz,
adroitly backed up the Chief.
"Will you please explain this statement;
Chief?" asked Parry.
Commissioners Watt, Hecht and Grady
tried to mollify the heated fire-fighter by
saying that ( he was underrating ids own
authority, which was fully recognized by
the commission. Chief Sullivan would riot
be deterred and he was ready and willing
to follow up his statement with facts' that
.would prove him right. During the, warm
discussion Secretary McCarthy stood at
his desk and remained silent.
"F*or the past two years," Chief Sul
livan said, "I have bee/i sitting here like
a bump on a log, with nothing to say 1 €r
no power over the execution of the busi
ness of the department.' Tour. secretary,
J. W. McCarthy, has usurped all thQ du
ties of myself and assistant."
board the Chief made. an asser
tion that not only surprised the members,
but threw Secretary McCarthy into con
sternation.
CHIEF of the Fire Department D.
T. Sullivan created a sensation
at the weekly meeting of the
Board' of Fire Commissioners
5 r esterdaj\ In an address to the
The Fire Commissioners
• Have a Heated
Session.
:. '•:• Director 1 Denman charges that ' the per
tinent, questions- regarding the conditions
of .the: schools which were put'; by. Grand
Jurors ; Cahen : and . Llch tensteln -. to Direc
tors I Denman . and ¦ Mark at I Wednesday's
meeting were prepared at Superintendent
Webster's " instigation. * . Webster ¦ denies
the i charge, but says - that the questions
may have -been - : based ; on hia annual re
port, which is a public document and was
filed with the board last 'July. Webster
Complaints have been filed with Wood
ward by teachers and, others that it has
been almost impossible to see any of the
members of the old board during the past
two years. . The teacher in question de
clares that she waited three hours on one
of . the "receiving day s" of the board : and
then was informed that ¦'.- Mrs. Kincald
would : ' not see any . more » f eople. •* The
teacher was obliged to wait until the
next "receiving : day," which was a | week
distant. Under the old regime the board's
office hours for the reception of visitors
were from 3:30 -until 5 1 p. m. ; on Thurs
days. .Afterward. Mondays at the same
hours ; and ..Saturdays, from 10 to 12 m.
were ', added -, to the visiting list. Wood
ward believes that this -should all be
changed 1 so -that • people i having ; business
.with the board may be treated with due
courtesy. : . He says . that the visiting sf
schools ; can be so t arranged that - at least
one Director will -be in '.his office during
the hours provided by the charter.
What Caused Grand Jury\ Questions.
Director Woodward intends ' to propose
an innovation in the affairs of the Board
of Education which will be welcomed by
those who have business with the educa
tional body. Woodward will recommend
to his associates that one of the Directors
remain; on duty each day in the 'week.
One day. will be selected when all of the
Directors will be in their respective offices
and public business will -be transacted
with dispatch. Director Roncovierl is in
favor of the new ' plan and 'Woodward
thinks that Directors Denman and Mark
will agree to It." ¦ . . - , o
Innovation in School Board.
Woodward ascertained that last July
bids were ordered for the alterations to the
building. But one bid was | submitted—
that of R. Sinhott for 512,755. The bid was
rejected and the Board of Works under
took to do the.wortc by day labor. It is
now believed that the cost will far exceed
the sum for which Sinnott agreed to do
the work. Woodward, who ,has had six
years' experience in school affairs, ex
presses the opinion that doing, city work
oy day labor • is not the least expensive,
tie says that the proper procedure for the
Board of Works would have been to In
vite new bids and he feels sure that the
work could have been done for less than
it will cost the board. Mayor Schmitz's
attention has been called to the matter
and Directors • Denman "and ' Mark may
come in for censure for being parties to
a; plan whereby the additional rooms in
the • Fremont School will be > located in
what is» practically the basement of the
building, J " . ...,jv
Woodward has been informed that the
Board of Public Works adopted the most
e»ensive plans to build an additional
story of four rooms to the building by ex
cavating some six feet under the old
structure. It was necessary to penetrate
through the solid rock, and though the
park wagons were utilized t'o cart away,
the soil the expense of excavation' alone
was considerable.
Public Works is building to the
Fremont School on -McAllister street.
Director "Woodward stated yester
day that his attention had been directed
to the fact that poor work is being cone
on the structure, and he asserted his in
tention to make a personal inspection of
the building to-day.
ONE of the first official acts of the
newly appointed School Director,
Thomas P. Woodward, will be
an investigation into an expen
sive, addition which the Board of
CHIEF SAYS
McCARTHY IS
TOO OFFICIOUS
The question of salaries of substitutes
provoked a long discussion. Parry argued
that a 'substitute,', who takes the place of
a regular fireman, is entitled to the regu
lar s salary. He declared that if the city
paid a substitute $2 65 a day for substi
tute work when the regulars receive $3 it
was practically robbing the substitute of
35 '.cents. Commissioner Hecht thoughf
the board should not meddle with the
question, as it mfght result in a violation
of the charter. He showed that as tho
££ emen were Paid . $80 for the first year.
$90 for -the second year and $100 for the
third year It would be unfair and illegal
to give $3 a day. to a man-who is not con
nectedwith the department > to take the
place of a regular, who gets. less than
that sum. At the suggestion of the Mayor
the matter was referred to City and Coun
ty Attorney Lane for an 'opinion.
Salaries of Substitutes.
The Civil Service Commission submitted
a list of employes in the department wno
were not classified, and asked that the
board take action >in the matter. The
matter was referred back, as the board
did not quite understand the purport of
the communication. "
Commissioner Parry reported having
learned that a painter employed In the
corporation yard was systematically steal-
Ing and the matter was referred to tho
Chief. i. -
Mayor Schmitz entered the meeting
room and was an interested listener to the
proceedings.- . ¦ -,' ... - ,
It developed during the discussion that
Secretary McCarthy has had the privilege
of naming night substitutes, and that
when he was not at home his wife or son
took it upon themselves to do so. Upon
motion. of Commissioner Parry the Chief
of the department was Instructed to do
this in future. ,
Wife Names Substitutes.
It would be simply a slap in the face
to bring such charges here.' I have been
sitting here like a bump on a log for two
years without authority. The secretary
does all .the business, and I am only an
official when I go to fires. I wouldn't
take orders from any. man at a fire."
The members of the board were worked
up to a high pitch at this stage of the
meeting. Commissioner "Watt said to the
Chief: "Yon know my colleagues and I
would not uphold the secretary if we
knew he was guilty of misconduct."
It was then that Chief Sullivan made
his sensational statement:
Commissioner Hecht admitted not hav
ing heard the report, but Chairman Watt
stated that, Chief Sullivan had told him
of this fact.
department has - fallen to a very low
standard?" asked Parry.
_ Chief Sullivan said it would have been
useless for him to report the matter, and
added: "Mr. McCarthy said the board— or
at least three members— would uphold
him." : ¦
Director Says . Fremont
School Addition Is
Costly.
WOODWARD TO
MAKE A RIGID
INVESTIGATION
MEN WHO WERE PROMINENT
IN SCHMITZ-MAHONY CASE
IN HEBBARD'S COURT.
ADMIRATION OF BLYTHE
. : ;.;. : FOB. ALICE EDITH'S FOOT
A rumor came to Judge Hebbard's ears
during the afternoon that the Mayor's
private secretary, George B. Keane. had
said that the Judge was laboring under
a "holdover from : the Press Club "and a
wedding of the night before." He imme
diately went to the Mayor's office and de
manded explanations from Keane, and
later he called the newspaper men into
his chambers to brand the statement,
from whatever source it emanated, as a
malicious lie."
Ruef said in closing his argument that
the whole Question was whether the May
or had authority to suspend the County
Clerk for any cause. If the Mayor could
suspend the County Clerk for dementia,
or imbecility; or apoplexy, or for larceny,
or embezzlement of funds, he could also
suspend him for such offenses as had been
alleged.
After Judge Hebbard had given his de
cision, Ruef said in an interview that he
might possibly seek a writ of review and
by that means take the case at once to
the SuDreme Court and get an early de
cision. .
"I have not "seen any other case but
this." said -Ruef. "in which the same in
aneness, the same imbecility as seen in
the -Mahony case is in evidence.'"
Ruef cited a Missouri case in which a
county officer was removed for ante-elec
tion pledges, and a Canada Supreme
Court case, in which a written promise
was given and the officer, a County Clerk,
was removed. Ruef said the case In 20
Canada Supreme Court Reports, page 376,
was a remarkable parallel to the Ma
hony case. There was a written promise
which was afterward burned, and there
was the same reluctance of witnesses to
testify. ¦ •
Parallel Case in Canada.
"I will grant you this," replied
the court, "that for malfeasance, mis
feasance or nonfeasance in office, an
officer ought to be removed. I believo
that every officer ought to do his
duty and should, not' enter into such
contracts as are alleged here. But the
only question is, has the Mayor the
power to suspend the County Clerk, a
county ofncerP"
"You will grant, will you not,"
asked Ruef, "that if Mahony wera
guilty of larceny he could be suspend
ed by the JIayorP"
Judge Hebbard objected to what he
termed a moot proceeding, and Ruef said
he was willing to concede that the Mayor
intended to remove Mahony; in other
words, he was willing to accept the alle
gations of Mahony's petition.
The Mayor's counsel cited numerous
cases of removal of officers for malfeas
ance in office, the court repeatedly cut
ling him short on the ground that no mal
feasance was alleged in this case.
Ruef argued that if the court had juris
diction at all It was to stop the investi
gation, not to prevent the Mayor from
deciding upon the facts developed by the
investigation. He held that the writ of
prohibition was founded upon the as
sumption that the Mayor intended to re
move Mahony. when, as a matter of fact,
the Mayor's chief desire was to have the
courts pass upon the question at issue.
The Mayor's counsel argued that the
writ of prohibition was somewhat mixed,
as it did not appear whether the court
meant to prohibit, enjoin or restrain.
Court Objects to Moot Case.
Fourth — The Mayor is given power to sus
pend for cause and "cause" is any disqualifi
cation for office.
Third — The court cannot interfere with the
exercise of the Mayor's discretion when the
power of removal is expressly conferred.
That said affidavit of complaint does not
state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of
action or to warrant the issuance of a writ of
prohibition herein, in this that. It does not ap
pear ' therefrom' that any objection .was ever
made to defendant that defendant had* no juris
diction herein, and it does not appear therefrom
that the alleged lack of jurisdiction on the part
of defendant was ever called to defendant's at
tention.
Ruef advanced the following points In
argument:
First — That the act attempted by the Mayor
was an administrative, not a judicial act.
Second — A writ of prohibition runs only
against judicial functions.
That said affidavit or complaint does not
state facts sufficient" to warrant or justify the
issuance of a writ of prohibition herein.
That said affidavit of complaint does not
state facts sufficient to constitute a cause for
action or proceeding herein.
Ruef replied that he did desire to file
an answer and also to take an exception.
The court answered that he had ten days
In which to answer and to prepare a bill
of exceptions.
• The demurrer on which argument was
based stated the following grounds of ob
jection to Mahony's complaint and to the
temporary restraining order: '
Ruef Will File an Answer.
cers of this city and county, so called, than
Mr. Ruef has.
The demurrer is overruled. Do you want
to answer?
Forecaster McAdie states that the
weather for to-day will probably be show
ery and generally unsettled.
An unusual amount of rain fell through
out Central and Northern California yes
terday. The . weather in the south was
very cloudy and rain is predicted for that
section for to-day. The wet weather was
very welcome to the agricultural districts,
xor the crops have been suffering to a
considerable degree on account of the
lack of moisture. More rain is needed all
over the State, however.
High winds were reported off shore and
at times the southeaster attained a ve
locity of forty . miles an hour. In San
Francisco .34 of an inch of rain was reg
istered and a greater depth was reported
from some of the northern towns. Snow
fell ¦ In the Sierra and in Northern Ari
zona.
Forecaster ItcAdie Predicts Showery
and Unsettled Weather Through
out the State for To-Day.
CENTBAL AND NORTHERN
CALIFORNIA HAVE RAIN
Now the Mayor, under the charter, is trying
to interfere with these county officers and he
has no more to do with them than I have not
so i much. Now what I say does not refer to
where there is a case before me in court But
this is a case to i>revent the Mayor from do
ing this thing, and the Supreme Court has
made it very easy and clear for me in these
three cases and especially in the case of Crow-
Iey against Freud, and I must hold that th»
Mayor has no more to do witb the county offl-
Xow the Mayor is attempting to interfere
with a county officer. A county officer is gov
erned entirely by the laws of the State of
California and net by the charter, except so
far as article 8»i of section 11 has delegated
to the charter makera the power- to fix their
term of office, the number of their employes and
the salaries which they shall have. But there
It stopped, and then the statute Fteps in be
cause the Supreme Court, in effect, has said
that there is no such thing as a secession of
San Francisco from the State of California
that the State Ftlll has some Interests in this
city and county. . . .
The court— Let me say, incidentally, that
the only authority you cited in eupport of your
case is the charter itself. You have net cited
a single other authority.
Mr. Ruef — I tried to get your Honor to al
low . me to argue the very question you are
]>as&ing upon now.
The court — One moment. I have heard your
argument. 1 have listened to you for two
hours. - • ¦
Mr. Ruef — Pardon me for a moment.
Now we come dov.-n to county officer.', and
the County Clerk is undoubtedly a county offi
cer, and the Mayor, who Is a municipal officer,
takes to himself the authority to investigate
hi? office and to remove him frora office— to
try him. in fact.
Clerk a County Officer.
After hearing: argument I went into the mat
ter very thoroughly, and I wrote an opinion
and "decided that the 'Supreme Court of this
State had tcld me that the charter had noth
ing to do with the county officers under article
S^t of section 11. and the Supreme Court said
I was right.
About fifty years ago Horace Hawes framed
the- consolidation act. and that was the or
granic l&v ot this city under the authority of
the Legislature, with the acts amendatory
thereto, nntil a few years agt> when the char
ter was adopted. Just before the charter was
adopted the case of Kahn versus Sutro had
been decided, which set out. perhaps about the
first time In all those fifty years, the distinc
tion which the Supreme Court said existed be
tween the city and county of San Francisco
and other counties. In that case they decided
that there were county officers and city offi
cers. Then came- along; the case of Martin
against Ford, and the Supreme Court, I be
lieve. In that case said that the only thins
that the charter could do in relation to these
county officers was \jnder article 8»A of section
n. Then came along the case of Crowley
against Freud, a civil service case, in which
very eminent: counsel for Mr. Freud argued
to me that the Martin case decided nothing-,
that the Kahn case oecided nothing and that
the charter .provided for everything, including
the qualifications of officers in these so-called
county offices.
Following is the court's decision. in full:
When * Rjief completed his argument
Judge Hebbard said to Thomas D. Rior
don, attorney for Mahony:
"You need not reply. I am ready to give
my decision now and in a very few
words."
The hearing began at 10 o'clock and
lasted until nearly 12. During most of
that time Ruef was on. his feet making
his argrument on the points set forth in
the demurrer. Judge Hebbard repeatedly
admonished the Mayor's counsel to con
fine himself strictly to the question at Is
sue—whether the Mayor holds the power
to suspend the County Clerk. The court
refused to listen to argument covering
ground gone over by counsel in the Crow
ley vs. FVeud case or to the citation of
cases in which the officer suspended or re
moved had been guilty of malfeasance or
other offense in office, instead of offenses
prior to assuming office, as was alleged
in Mahony's case.
Court's Frequent Admonitions.-
hony's complaint and petition for
a writ of prohibition restraining the
Mayor from suspending the County Clerk.
While the main question— whether or not
the temporary restraining order shall be
made absoulte— was not passed upon, the
court's opinion embodied a decision of the
really vital question— that of the Mayor's
power or lack of power to suspend the
County Clerk for what he may deem suf
ficient cause— and the decision was ad
verse to the Mayor's authority.
The hearing was had on points raised
by the demurrer filed by Abe Ruef, the
Mayor's 'attorney, and its overruling
leaves Ruef ten days to file an answer to
Mahony* s- complaint or to proceed along
other lines. Judge Hebbard's decision
leaves no doubt whatever that when the
proceedings have reached the proper
stare he will grant Mahony's petition for
an absolute writ of prohibition.
The effect of Judgp Hebbard's decision,
if it be upheld by the higher court, will
be to invalidate all those portions of the
charter which seek to give the Mayor the
power to suspend officers held by the
courts to be county rather than municipal
functionaries. . '».-'¦'¦¦:
S~^ UPERIOR JUDGE HEBBARD
£. t gave a decision yesterday in fa-
HJSfefcK vor of County Clerk Mahony as
- against Mayor Schmitz. overrul
"*¦- * ing defendant's demurrer to Ma-
Judge Declares No Officer Should Enter
c*:Into Such Contracts as That Alleged
Against flahony.
COUNTY CLERK SCORES
VICTORY IN THE FIRST
HEARING IN THE COURTS
ATTORNEY RUEF CLAIMS THAT JUDGE
COOK HAS NO POWER TO REVIEW ACTS
OF MAYOR IN SUSPENDING OFFICIALS
Contempt Case Against Fredrick Heard in Afternoon and Night
Sessions, but End Is Not Reached. >
writ was not a valid one," continued
Riordan, "and for I that reason it would
not be obeyed.". . . -•¦•'.• . . ¦
Ruef then read an affidavit sworn to
by PoweL Fredrick and .submitted, hte
argument on the case. He claimed that
there had been no . disobedience of any
lawful order of the court and conse
quently there could be no contempt.
Riordan interrupted Ruef by claiming
that the only question to be decided was
whether there had been a contempt of
court or not.
"I think-. the counsel has the right,"
Judge Cook said, "to discuss whether the
court exceeded its jurisdiction In ordering
the writ of review to be issued."
Ruef made an able argument to show
that even If the Mayor had no right to
suspend Williams the writ of review could
not be Issued against the Mayor or
against Powell Fredrick.
Holds Writ Is Invalid.
"The court Is not called upon to review
the acts of Fredrick," said Ruef, "in tak
ing possession of the office to which ho
was appointed by the Mayor. All that the
court can do is to review the record of the
proceedings of suspension of Williams by
the Mayor." . • ~ : •*-'*'
Ruef argued that the court had no fight
in the writ issued to suspend a publics
officer, and could not restrain such officer
from doing his ' duty.
"All that the writ can do." continued
Ruef, "is to bring the record Of suspen
sion before the court for review. The writ
ordered certain parties to suspend further
proceedings in the matter to be reviewed.
Frederick has not proceeded further lit
the matter to be reviewed, but has sim
ply remained in office and discharged hia
duties. That portion of the writ suspend
ing Fredrick from his duties Is not with
in the Jurisdiction of this- court."
Attorney Ruef cited decisions to define
what acts are judicial and what are min
isterial and executive, and argued that
under these decisions the act of Mayor
Schmitz in suspending Williams was pure
ly executive and that a writ of review
could not issue.
At this stage of the proceedings Judge
Carroll Cook took a recess until 2 o'clock
this afternoon.
JUDGE CARROLL. COOK'S court
room was the center of attraction
yesterday in the matter of the sus
pension 'of Justices' Clerk E. W.
Williams by Mayor Schmitz and
. ¦ the appointment by the city's chief
executive of Powel Fredrick to the posi
tion formerly held by Williams.
Peace- and quietness prevailed during
the day, at. the office of the clerk to the
Justices of the Peace. - Fredrick was on
hand and discharged the duties of the
chief clerk, while. Williams looked in for
a few minute's, but made, no attempt to
regain possession of the office.
There was a big gathering, of politicians
in Judge <|ook's court when the contempt
proceedings against.' Powel Fredrick was
called up in ; the afternoon.
¦In rendering his decision on the motion
to dismiss ¦; the contempt proceedings
Judge Cook denied the motion and held
that the attention of the court had' been
called to the affidavit in. which it was
claimed that the writ issued against
Mayor Schmitz and Powel FredricK had
been . disobeyed. j
The contention of Attorney Ruef that
Fredrick was not called upon to obey the
writ because the complaint on which the
writ had been: issued was not properly
filed in the County Clerk's office was not
upheld by the . Judge. Judge Cook held
that the complaint was in the possession
of Deputy County Clerk Casey when the
court ordered the writ to issue and that
the deputy received instructions to file
the document in the County Clerk's office
and had done so.
Motion to Dismiss Is Denied.
"The evidence shows that the document
was on file In the County Clerk's office
when the writ was issued," said Judge
Cook, "and the clerk was acting under
the instructions of the court in issuing
the writ. Even if it had been a verbal
order it was an order of the court and
would have been valid. The writ was Is
sued under proper Jurisdiction and the
motion to dismiss these proceeding's is
denied."
The contempt hearing was then contin
ued until 7:30 p. m. and there was a good
attendance of City Hall officials and poli
ticians at night to listen to the proceed
ings.
Thomas D. Riordan appeared as attor
ney for Williams, while Abe Ruef repre
sented Powel Fredrick and the Mayor.
There were a number of little clashes be
tween the lawyers, but Judge Cook in
sisted that the attorneys ¦ suspend
wrangling and get down to business.
Powel Fredrick was placed on the wit
ness-stand by Riordan and the witness
told how he had been appointed as chief
clerk to the Justices' Court by Mayor
Schmitz and had taken possession of the
oflice an .Tuesday last ut 5 p. m. The
witness then detailed that on Wednesday
morning he was served with the writ of
review issued by Judge Cook's order and
had been advised by the Mayor's secre
tary not \o pay any attention to it.
Attorney Riordan tried to get answers
from the witness as to "what right he
had to remove deputies in Justices'.
Courts and place others there, but the
court sustained an objection from Ruef.
E. W. Williams, who was suspended by
the Mayor, testified that he had been
chief- clerk of the Justices' Courts for
eleven years and told how he . had been
served with the Mayor's notice of sus
pension Tuesday evening. Williams fur
ther testified that on Wednesday morn
ing last the Mayor and Fredrick had
been served with copies of the writ ¦ is
sued by Judge Cook.
Biordan Advised Mayor.
Williams admitted that when he was
suspended by Mayor Schmitz on Tues
day last he had informed the Mayor that
he would not recognize his > authority In
the matter.
Attorney Charles E. Snook, brother-in
law of Williams, testified to being pres
ent in the office of the Justices' clerk
en Wednesday when the Mayor's secre
tary came and Informed the police that
it was "the Mayor's orders that Williams
and , hl3 deputies be thrown out of the
office, upon which they were ejected.
. Thomas D. Riordan took the stand and
testified that' he had informed the police
and the Mayor's secretary that they
would be guilty of contempt of court
if the Mayor's orders were carried but,
the writ of review having been served on
the Mayor and Fredrick previous. to the
order to ¦ eject Williams and his depu
ties. ¦ . : . ¦•'" •
"The Mayor's secretary, said 'that the
BOOKS TO BE EXPERTED.
Decision of Contempt Case.
Complications Arise Fending Court's
Cyril Williams, expert of the Board of
Supervisors, was instructed by the Mayor
yesterday to expert the books of E. W.
Williams, the deposed Justices* clerk. Ex
pert Williams began his work yesterday
morning and had waded through many
pages of records without discovering any
discrepancies. It Is not believed that any
shortage exists, but the Mayor is of the
opinion that In justice to the new cleric
the books should be experted to show
that the accounts are in proper shape.
Powel Fredrick did not meet with any
opposition when he entered his office In the
morning. Two stalwart policemen had
been on guard all night to forestall any
possible attempt on the part of Ed Wil-
Hams to take forcible possession of the
office from, which he was suspended by
the chief executive. The Justices of tho
Peace continued to recognize the author
ity-of Williams as clerk, and attsxesrted
to him that he open up another office in
the City Hall. Williams declined to do
this, because he did not desire to embar
rass litigants. He preferred to await the
decision of Judge Cook in the contempt
proceedings against Fredrick.
While Williams remains passive Fred
rick is performing the duties of his new
position, and all was peace and harmony
during the day. Fredrick was undis
turbed at the decision of the Justices of
the Peace not to recognize his authority,
and he continued to sign all papers. Very
little business -was done, however, and all
papers are presented to Presiding Justice
Daniels, who indorses them "Filed In open
court." The Instruments are then trans
mitted to Sheriff Lackmann, who will not
receive them unless they are so indorsed.
Another complication has arisen over
the fact that County Clerk Mahony -will
not recognize the Justices of the Peace
in th&, filing of processes for injunctions
The State law says plainly that such lrtr
struments shall be issued by the clerk .off
the Justices* Court, and on that . ground
Mahony claims that the Presiding' Justice
has no power to sign them. AH con
cerned seem to be waiting the decision
which will designate whether Fredrick or
¦Williams is . the legally constituted ' clerk
of the Justices' Court.'
board.
Director Mark indignantly denies that
he is making an attempt to have himself
assigned to a vice principalship In the
event that his resignation is demanded by
Mayor Schmitz because of certain charges
of bias and prejudice in the cases of ac
cused teachers. . Mark says that he will
stand on his record and that he has al
ways attended strictly to business. There
are at present one or two vacant vice
principalships in the department, each of
which pays 9125 per month.
says that much of his report was devoted
to , the lack of accommodations in the
schools, td the favoritism shown in re
pairing school buildings, and to the cum
bersome nature of the course of study,
-which he deems too ponderous . for the
average pupil. Webster charges that the
board, being chagrined at its own short
comings as pointed out in his report,
burned the document. Former boards had
accorded the courtesy to the Superintend
ent of printing his annual report, but this,
was .: studiously avoided by Phelan's
JUDGE HEBBARD OVERRULES MAYOR'S DEMURRER,
HOLDING THAT MAHONY CANNOT BE SUSPENDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JAST OAR Y 24, 1902;
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*.uis signature is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine T»bieu
%b * reuodjr t£*t cores A cold in one I daiy«"
-
'•K : ' .',-'', '.'"..¦ ; - -•¦
(B^J^^nrz^
Mcllia's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
SEND A POSTAL FOR A FREE
SAMPLE OF KELLUC'S FOOD.
does not overtax the in-
fant's stomach with in-
soluble, indigestible or
unsuitable material.
(**¦'¦ Balbriggan
Km. Underwear.
-^^^3^^ Here is the description: It
comes in ecru grounds ' with
bIackj blue and drab mer -
' 'j^SSSj't^B cerizecl stripes,' and also light
/^ — IX-|s5j g[ blue, flesh, drab and mode
color grounds with combination
E^i Jv^H-^ c l gtripes in several different colors;
N^Op^A ||1^ the garments are nicely trimmed
anc * sptendid 1 fitting — regular
||=^^ii||6j ' prices $3 and $4.
b -^^s/ 85^ Here is our reason for selling them at - *
fe 3H^ the reduced price: The assortment does
¦ XL ~fl^f not re P resent every, size in the different
.. fe. P^^^ patterns, but what size is short in one
f"_ r^^r pattern may be found in another— all
'^ — gj^^f sizes are in the lo$ as a whole; being
1^ 'y^=/ broken in some sizes we are going to .
, NgsgSSr close out, the entire lot for
\g=-j|§y This is without doubt the best value
.T* f*i ' •" in men's underwear that has been, of-
iri^'^v^ fered in San Francisco for a good long
Out-of-town orders fitted— write us.
7 18 Market Stre et«BEATING THROUGH THE
GATE IN /THE FACE OF A
SOUTHEASTER.
K "' \TrT FRIDAY, JANUABT'24.- *5
Captain - Sandal Insane.
Captain Sandal, the former master of
the British tramp steamer Willowdene, is
at St: Mary's Hospital under treatment
for insanity. The charterers of the Wil
lowdene have been notified by the Fed
eral authorities that the vessel -will be.re
fused clearance unless provision is made
for Captain Sandal's support. The Wil-
Harry Lambert, for sixteen years purser
on the steamship City of Puebla, handed
his resignation to the officers of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company yesterday. His
reason for doing so was to accept a lu
crative position with the new firm of
Goodall & Bennett. The resignation of
this popular officer was receivecd with re
gret. Lambert was complimented on the
efficient services he has rendered the cpm
pany and a lengthy letter of recommenda
tion was given him and the company
wished him luck in his new position. The
Pacific Coast Steamship Company has
lost three popular pursers during the past
morth. Ed Nutman was lost In the Walla
Walla disaster and T. C. O'Donnell, for
many years on the Umatilla, resigned to
accept a position in the some company to
which Lambert has gone. . v
Loses Three Popular Pursers.
lating the circumstances under which it
had come into his possession, tenderly un
tied the fastenings, lifted the lid and
shook out the contents.
The box contained two shirt waists.
She handed the pilot a carefully
¦wrapped box, -which he placed in one of
the pockets of his overcoat and promised
to protect it with his life.
"Keep it dry if possible. I will see you
a^ain if we get safely ashore and thank
you, sir. Thank you."
The younir lady was helped into a boat.
Captain Fraser found himself, in the
course of time, safe and sound on dry land
with the precious package intact. He
notified* the agents of the steamship that
he held the young lady's valuables and
•would be pleased to restore them upon
application. He deposited the package in
the safe deposit vault of a Vancouver
bank and had been paying rent for the
accommodation up to within a week ago.
No claimant putting in an appearance, he
decided last Friday to open the box and
possibly g-et from the contents some clew
to the identity of the owner. Calling to
gether several friends as witnesses, he
got the box from the bank and after re-
"The fhip"s sinking and we may be
drowned," she cried. I'll lose everything.
Won't you please take care of this for me.
I wouldn't lose them for the world."
Was True to the Trust.
The steamship City of Puebla, which
arrived on Wednesday from Puget Sound,
brought down a story of the loss of the
Islander. Captain Alexander Fraser, a
Yukon River pilot, was a passenger on
the Islander. When the vessel struck the
iceberg that later sank her Fraser rushed
on deck, took in the situation and seeing
before him a possible chilly trip in an
open boat or raft, secured a big overcoat
end a life belt. As he -was buckling on
the latter a woman, young, pretty and in
gTeat distress, ran up to him. "
THE bark Albert has again given
an exhibition of her speed .by> win
ning a four-handed race from
Honolulu to San Francisco by a
margin unknown until the other
vessels put in an appearance. The Albert
arrived yesterday, just thirteen days from
Honolulu. She left the island port in
company with the barkentines S. G.
Wilder, the Archer and the Omega, none
of -which has as yet been sighted. The
Albert is famous for speedy trips, but the
voyage just completed is the record for
quite a while back.
Captain Sandal, Late of the Willowdene, Becomes
I nsane=== Pericles Makes a Swift Trip.
BARK ALBERT A SAFE FIRST
IN FOUR=HANDED OCEAN RACE
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tha early morning tides aro given In the ' left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to tim«: tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes. occurs. The heights . given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except, when a minus ( — )
sign precedes. the height,-: and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is tho mean of
the lower low waters. • • • • - ¦
TO SAIL.
;FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast '¦ and ' Geodetic . Survey-
Times -and Heights of. Highland Low
-Waters • at jiFort ¦ Point." ' entrance - to'* San
FranclBCo«Bay. Published . by • of flcial au
- i'thority of:tho Superintendent. ' . ,
« ; NOTE— The ; high ' and low , waters occur at
the: city front . (Mission-street , -wharf) about
Sun, Moon ¦ and (Tide.
'Are not to be compared to our new Patent
Back, - Flat-opening/ Blank : Books,*, which
cost no, more than the old- stylo [and are
lnfiniieiy *- better. 7 Daily i Journals, Calen
dars. - Diaries = and Calendar -.Pads for 1902
at the right prices: • Sanborn, s Vail & Co.,
741 Market street.:: r'WBKB&&~- •— *'-
The Old Humpbacks
Alexander: Mepuff,- who lives at SI Te-^
hama street, appeared before ' Judge Mo-
Ban -yesterday on a , charge of begging.
He ' was arrested on Pacific Heights by
Policeman Tell, who testified that he was
going from house to house soliciting alms.
McDuff asserted ' that ¦ he was asking for
work, and wheh the Judge asked him the
nature > of ' the • work he replied that he
was- an astrologer, and - wrote horoscopes.
He said further that he was a navigator.
The • Judge • advised » him t to consult tha
stars > about \ getting ; a v Job and allowed
him to go on probation.
Astrologer Accused of Begging.
Branch Hydrographic Ofnce. -U. 8. N 1 ., Mer
chants'. .Exchange, f San # Francisco, ' CaL,
t January 23, 1902. -. ' - - , ¦¦¦.'¦
The time -ball on the tower of the Perry
building was dropped one second too early.to
day through a fault in the mechanism. .
,.,-.;. ' ~'-Vr. H. STANDLEY.i- v
' Lieutenant U.S. Navy, in charge.
Time Ball.
61018, 68512. 7S353 each wins 1123, sold In Baa
Francisco and Oakland. Ca> •
The Original Little Beneficencia Publlcai
' Company of San Frunclsco. Organized
. September, 1893.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes ar»
placed before the public from Urn* to time, we
would respectfully call the- attention of par
chasers of tickets to ae« that their tickets read
as follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEFICIENCIA
PUBLICA COMPANY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO. • ORGANIZED SEPTEM
BER. 1803.
F ich coupon will bear the Initials in lars»
letters, "M. & F.." on the face of the ticket.
. The following are the capital prize* as de
cided by "THE LOTTERY OF THE BENEF1-
CENCIA PUBLICA COMPANY." drawln?
January 23. 1902: No. SO78S wins $7500. sold In
San Francisco. CaL; No. 4735 wins $2900. sold
In San Franeisco. Cal.; No. 36686 wins $12SO.
sold In Ban Francisco. Cal. : Nos. 11842. 2161)5.
Per bark Harry Morse, from Portland,' Or,
Jan 22— Left Portland Dec 24. ; Arrived : at
Astoria -Dec £5. Barbound at Astoria until
Stmr Nome City. Daniels, Port Los 'Angeles.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, ••^ &1 «OJ8B0
Fr bark Marguerite Dollf us, Sau trel, Queens
town. • . ¦ • -<
Schr Lily, Larsen, Umpqua. .
¦, Schr 'Glen, Nelson. Coos ¦ Bay. -: •<
. MEMORANDUM.
Thursday. January 23. *
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oreeoa
Railroad and Kav Co.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Schage, : Portland: The
Chas Nelson Co.
Bktn J M Griffith. Arey, Santa Rosalia- F
SantalHer. - •>. ¦..¦¦.¦>-^.., , . - :
SAILED.
Thursday, January . 23." "
Etmr Geo Loomls. Bridgets "Ventura.
Etmr Alliance. Hardwick, Portland, etc. ••
Stmr Coronado. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
SUnr Phoenix. Odlund. . ' . - - '
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 23.
Etmr Empire, Macgenn, 66 hours from Coos
Stmr Arctic. Erickson. 15 hours from Fort
Bragg. P&&3nn& -
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 62 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 45 hours from
San Dieso.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 16 hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Ship Charmer. Slater. 13 days from Comox
Br ship Pericles. Henderson, 49 days from
Caleta Buena. • •
Br chip Chiltonford, Atkinson, 69 days from
Newcastle, Aus. -
Bark Albert. Griffith, 13 days from Hono
lulu. . ¦
e<*r Monterey, Panzer. 3# dayi from Co-i
quille River. ¦ , .. ¦ .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
This leaves Walsh 27 votes ahead of
Alpers and Coghlan 169 votes behind Al
pers. Walsh's gain up to date is 81 vote3.
The recount in the Supervisoral election
'contest in Judge Murasky's court Is pro
gressing slowly. So far only twenty-six
precincts out of 303 have been counted.
The votes cast in the Fifth and Seven
teenth precincts of the Thirty-seventh
District and the Second of the Twenty
ninth were counted yesterday, and at S
o'clock, when the count was stopped, it
was announced that George Alpera had
lost 13 votes, E. I. Walsh 7, Fred" Eggers
16 and John Coghlan 5. I .
Votes Ahead of the Republi
can Nominee. '.
Labor Party Candidate Twenty-Seven
WALSH INCREASES HIS
LEAD OVER ALTERS
•774 bbls flour, 6525 gals wine, 40, 050 lbs cof
fee. 120 lbs tea, 15 tons flre clay, 8 ' cs caws
and fuse, 5 tons sand, 120,000 lbs sugar 100
sks bran, 220 pkgrs pipe, 75 coils rope, 204'ptes
shovels, 32 pkgs hardware. 29 pkgs ship chand
lery. 600 bxs paste, 864 lbs starch. 30 000 lbs
rice, 5 pkgs drugs, 10 bdls brooms, i 1945 lbs
r ?, 8ln ,vZ£ 00 f 818 lubricating oil, 6000 gals flsh
oil 1600 gals coal oil. 2000 gals linseed oil.
5 pkgs lanterns, 61 cs spikee, 15 crs chocolate
4 pkgs glassware. 20 pkgg 'dry goods, 45 keg j
red lead, 6-cs putty. 5 cs paint, 12 cs glass
3S78 bales hay. 24,804 ft lumber. '
The barkentine J. M. Griffith, which cleared
yesterday for Santa Rosalia, carried a gen
eral merchandise cargo valued at $30,184. The
cargo Included the following merchandise and
produce: , . ' .
Cargo for Mexico.
The French bark General de Bolsdeffre loads
wheat here for Europe at 30s; the British bark
Inverlochy, same, 32b 6d; both chartered prior
to arrival. . . ',
The schooner Compeer will load lumber at
Portland for Kahulul.-
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Reinsurance on the ship [Alice McDon
ald was yesterday advanced from 10 to 15
per cent The McDonald is now out nine
ty-three days from Newcastle for this
port.
Reinsurance Advanced.
The Oceanic Steamship Company is now
taking freight for Honolulu in accordance
with the promised reduced rate. From the
old rate of $5 25 the expense to the ship
per has been cut to $3 50 net.
Beduction in Freight Bates.
The use of oil for fuel on steamships has
now become so general that the lack of
facility for handling the commodity on the
water front has assumed the proportions
of a serious inconvenience. The Standard
Oil Company has applied to the Harbor
Commisioners for permission to erect
proper appliances for supplying vessels
with crude oil. The company will also
construct floating reservoirs, from which
vessels in the Btream can be supplied
To Handle Crude Oils.
Lady Stanley was evidently under a
misapprehension and her appeal has now
involved her in complications on account
of having received several checks, In re
sponse to her letter, from patriots anxious
to bead off "American aggression."
The negotiations for the purchase of
the collection are being conducted by the
AgnewB. who have made an offer of $2.
000,000. Th« report was circulated that
the Agnews were acting for J. P. Mor
gan, but they. say that they wish to se
cure the gallery for themselves and are
not acting for any client.
There has been no change in the situa
tion since the Borghese gallery was sold
to the Italian Government.
Tho Italian Chamber of Deputies No
vember 29 last passed a bill appropriating
3,500,000 lire ($675,500) for the purchase of
the Villa Borghese collection of pictures
and other art objects, the estimated valua
of which is 10,000,000 lire ($1,930,000). Prince
Borghese. who is In financial difficulties,
offered to donate the entire collection of
paintings to the Italian nation if be were
permitted to sell Raphael's "Sacred and
Profane Love" abroad, for which he had
been offered 5,000,000 lire; but tho Govern
ment under the law refused to give per
mission to sell it. It was further an
nounced some time ago that the city of
Rome would purchase the villa and park.
The Borghese gallery is regarded as be
ing the finest private collection of paint
ings in the world. Among the best-known
works in it are Correggio's "Danae" and
Raphael's "Entombment."
The statuary in the collection is not re
garded as of great importance, but the
modern sculpture includes several mas
terpieces such as Canova's "Venus Vic
trix."
LONDON, Jan. 23.— Lady Stanley, wifs
of Blr Henry Stanley, asserts that sh©
has high authority for saying that Italian
legal differences have been overcome and
that negotiations are well advanced for
the transfer of the entire Borghese gal
lery to the United States. She implores
the civilized world to Join in averting
such a catastrophe.
. GIBRALTAR. Jan. 23.— The Imperial
yacht Hohenzollern arrived hero to-day.
Admiral "Count von Baudissln, her com
mander, visited tHe Governor, and later
re-embarked, : and the Hohenzollern pro
ceeded on her Journey to New York.
- The ; second . Sunday probably will be
spent at Chattanooga and a visit wiir be
paid to the great national park at Chick
amauga., The third day of - the Prince' j»
stay in America will be spent in New
York, where he will - rest and perhaps
.visit some of tho German ' social ¦ organ
izations. In this way the committee has
avoided . the necessity of traveling on
Sunday. - .
BERLIN. Jan." 23.-AdmiraI Princs
Henry of Prussia selected at the court
Jeweler's . this morninsf about fifty pres
ents for Americana with whom he will
com* especially in contact during his visit
to tho United States. The present* in
clude several gold and silver boxes set
with diamonds; they. have the- Enjperor's
monogram, « encircled with diamonds, en
ameled on- the lids; beautiful silver cups
with- "Hohenzollern" enameled on them;
gold and silver cigarette cases, on which
his Majesty's autograph is traced in small
diamonds, and small compasses, encased
in gold and silver boxes with "Hohenzol
lern" enameled on them, besides larger
and more valuable gifts. A number of
cufflinks,, brooches and scarfpins, with
the initial "H" in diamonds, are also in
cluded among the presents. The latter
ai £ J n , te , nded - * or less important persons.
Official secrecy is maintained as to
what the Emperor and Prince Henry will
present to the President, Rear Admiral
Robley D. Evans and Miss Alice Roose
velt, though it . is well known that his
Majesty will send Miss Roosevelt a Jew
eled bracelet and Prince Henry will prob
ably offer the President a fin© huntlnz
eun with interchangeable shot and rifle
barrels and its accompanying ' equipment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.-£mperor Wil
liam has approved of* the arrangements
for the reception of Prince Henry as far
as they go. He has left to the commit
tee the details of the general plan and to
day the members were at work on these,
particularly on the contracts to be made
with the railway -agents fqr the hauling
of, the special train which- will be engaged
by the Government for the journey of the
Prince. This train will be made up of six
cars of the finest description, and one will
be set apart for the . exclusive accom
modation of the Prince. In its present
shape tho plan looks as a fair division
of time as conditions allow between sec
tions of the country, and to that end It is
now intended to take the distinguished
visitor : as far south as Chattanooga, as
fax west as St. Louis and as far north as
Milwaukee on one side and Boston on the
other. The Prince will arrive -in New-
York on Saturday, and will spend his first
Sunday in America quietly, in that city
paying a visit to Grant's tomb in River
side Park. He will leave after midnight
arriving in Washington about half -past
10 o'clock on Monday, morning. He will
be met at the station -by a military guard
made up. of a squadron of cavalry and a
battery of artillery, both from For< Myer
With ' this escort he will proceed to the
German Embassy and a detail of engi
neers from the .Washington Barracks will
be named as a special guard. of honor to
watch the embassy day .and night a«f
long as the Prince remains here.
Prince Henry Chooses
Gifts for OomiDg
Tour.
Americans Negotiate for
Purchase o£ Borghese
Gallery.
Henry Hanseh of 3126, Twenty-first
street, a laborer in the Public Works De
partment, was yesterday asphyxiated by
sewer gas while working in a. manhole on
Howard street," between Main and Fre
mont streets. Hansen's helper saw him
fall, got assistance and pulled him out of
the hole before the deadly fumes had
completed their work. Hansen was re
suscitated at the Harbor Emergency Hos
pital.
Overcome by Sewer Gas.
BUYS PRESENTS
FOR AMERICANS
ART COLLECTION
MAY COME HERE
twenty-five minutes later than at Port Point;
the- height of tide la the same at both places.
Th» British ship Pericles arrived yester
day from Caleta Buena with a cargo of
niter. She made the trip in forty-nine
days, which is ' considered swift sailing-.
Captain Henderson sailed his ship right to
her anchorage in the quarantine grounds,
beating- his way through the heads in the
teeth of a stiff northeaster. The British
ship Chlltonford. which came in about the
fame time, was obliged to anchor off Lime
Point. She. was towed In by the tug Re
lief. The Chiltonford was sixty-nie days
from Newcastle.
Pericles Makes Swift Trip.
The wind was'in fickle mood yesterday
and managed to keep things about the
harbor pretty well tuned up all day. At
noon it was blowing from the southeast
at the rate of thirty miles an hour to the
accompaniment of a driving rain. By 3
o'clock the sun was shining brightly and
the wind was blowing a twenty-four-mile
an-hour clip from the northwest. The
southeaster freshened up considerably be
fore the wind changed, and at 2 o'clock
every indication pointed to a lively gale.
Before extra moorings could be got out
by those in charge of exposed vessels
rude Boreas took a hand and in a. twink
ling the storm died out ana- the sun com
menced sopping up the trail of the morn
ing rainstorm.
The Wind in Fickle Mood.
lowdene will to-day commence loading- 650
unbroken mules for the sugar plantations
of Fiji. An enormous two-story mule
barn has been built on the Willowdene's
deck. Captain Sandal thought this made
the vessel topheavy and unseaworthy, but
expert opinion decided otherwise. The
master then resigned the command to his
first officer and was on the point of re
turning to England when the insanity for
¦which he is now being- treated made itself
manifest. . . " ,
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr La Ba-
Vo!e for Havre; stmr Koln. for Bremen.- • ¦-
SYDNEY, NSW — Arrived prior to • Jan 23—
Stmr Sonoma, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Auckland.. - -.¦ . - ¦. - - ;
- LJVERPOOIPr-Arrlved Jan 23— Stmr Ionian,
from 8t Johns. N B; stmr Teutonic, from New
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Jan 2»— Stmr Staten
dam, for New York: . - '
LADYSMITH— Sailed Jan 22— Ship BenJ P
Packard, for San Francisco. ...
. CALLAO— Arrived Jan IS— Bark 'Hollis
wood. from HonBkonjr. ¦¦-,...¦ „
COLON — Arrived Jan 21— Etmr Orizaba.
from New York. ":_,'"' ',"' .
Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Finance, for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan IS— Br stmr Tar
tar, from .Vancouver..' •- :..: ¦ >
8HIMONOSEKI— Arrived prior to Jan 8— •
Nor stmr yorda, ' from Portland; Nor atmr
Thyra. from Hongkong. „
, IQUIQUE— Sailed Jan 17— Br ship Kensinr
ton, for Port Townaend.^ -- , ••.¦
SUEZ—Arrived Jan 23— Br Btmr Glenroy,
from Tacoma. for United Kingdom.'.
¦*. YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 23— Jap «tmr
America Maru. hence Jan 4. '
LEVUKA — Arrives prior to Jan 23 — Schr
Defiance, from Grays
NAN AIMO— Sailed Jan 23— Nor stair Tita
nla. for San Francisco. • ".;- ' ,r
, . ' ; OCEAN' STEAMERS. . v
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Jan 21 — Schr
Challenger, for San Pedro. » . .
Arrived Jan 21 — Stmr Rainier, from Seattle.
NEAH BAY — Passed inward Jan 23 — Br ship
Celtic Queen, from Iquique; Br ship Penryhn
Castle, from Hamburg, for Seattle; U S stmr
Manzanita, from lighthouse stations.
Passed outward Jan. 23— Schr Laurel; ship
Benjamin F.Packard, from Ladysmith, for
Ban Francisco; stmr R P Elmore, for Astoria.
HUENEME—^Balled Jan 22 — Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 23 — Stmr Farallon,
from Skacway. . : fMja^ji -
Arrived Jan 23 — Stmr Pleiades, from ' San
Francisco. Jan 22 — Bark Diamond Head, from
San Francisco.
Sailed Jan . 23 — Stmr City of Seattle, • for
Ska&wuy; stmr Nicarla, for San Francisco"
stmr Prosrreso, for San Francisco. . . -
I FAIRHAVEN— Sailed Jan . 23— Schr A F
Coates, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan. 23— Br ship Euphra
tes and Br . ship Northern Monarch, for
United Klnidom. -
Arrived Jan 23 — Stmr Al-Ki, from Alaska:
stmr John S Kimball.'from San Francisco. '
PORTLAND— Arrived Jan 23 — Ship Ardna
murchan, from Santa Rosalia. J
Sailed Jan 23 — Ship Anaurus, for Queens
town; ship Glenlui, for Queenstown. •
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 23 — Schr Maggie C
Russ, f rom . San Pedro;* stmr Pomona, hence
Jan 22; stmr Aberdeen, hence Jan 21.
Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Westport, fpr San Fran
cisco. ' . . •
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr
Navarro, for San Francisco. ¦ -
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Jan 22 — Stmr Ho
mer, for San Pedro. •••'
Arrived. Jan 23— Stmr Chehalls, hence Jan 20.
Sailed Jan 23— Brisr; Harriet G, for San
Francisco; stmr Sequoia, for San Francisco. ••
Arrived Jan 23 — Schr Dauntless, • hence Jan
13; schr Sophia Christiansen, hence Jan 9. '
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 23— Br bark Formosa,
for Queenstown; stmr.Geo "W Elder, for .'San
Francisco; Br.ahip Bardowle, for Queenstown;
Ger ship Susanna, for Queenstown; -Fr bark
La Rochefoucauld, for Queenstown ; Br atmr
Palatlnla, . for • St Vincent; • schr Roy Somers,
for San Francisco. ' . .
Arrived Jan 23— Ger bark 'Vv'indsbraut. from
Carrizal. ¦ " ¦ . - r
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 23— Schr Ruth
B Godfrey, from Tacoma; achr Philippine, from
Tacoma: schr Alcalde, from Columbia River.
Sailed Jan - 23 — Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco; stmr laqua, for San Francisco. •
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Jan' 23— Stmr
San Mateo, for Nanalmo. „ ¦
SAN DIEGO— Sailed /Jan 23— Schr Bsrtha
Dolbeer, for Eureka. - ... ......
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed inward Jan 23
—Ger stmr .. Denderah,'. f rpm Comox, , for San
Francisco. • '— ¦ : _ '•¦¦ ¦ •>
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan . 23— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Jan 22,
, EASTERN PORT. - - ,
» NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Alli
anca, from ', Colon. ¦ • > :•¦.-¦¦¦
FOREIGN PORTS, /
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Jan * 23, 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind west, velocity 20 miles, - .
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per Br bark Cambrian Warrior— Deo: 26,- lat
13 15 N. Ion 118 40 W, schr Irene, from ••'Ta
coma, for Valparaiso. : . ¦ ¦
SPOKEN.
MISCELLANEOUS/;; :..£..
LONDON, Jan 22 — Br ship Crown*' ot Den-'
mark.- previously reported.: has been "towed to"
Tilbury dock for repairs. ? ¦.¦¦•¦.•.•^;(J-"-,^*
Jan 11. 'Left thence for port.' Experienced' a
succession of gales all the way. down.
•¦¦.¦- - •¦ ¦ '¦ ¦¦ . /; ¦
Pretty little Ida Parker, who myste
riously disappeared about seven-- weelfs
ago while ., In the custody of Secretary-
Frank J. Kane of ; the Pacific Coast . So
ciety-for 'the' ; ; Prevention of Cruelty to
Children,- appeared as mysteriously as she
departed late yesterday afternoon She
walked into the office 1 of ex-Judge Tread-,
well at : 533 Kearny ; street and told him
who, she was. . She had ; an envelope in
her hand on which Treadwell's office ad
dress was written in pencil. >>
The , little eirl had evidently, been
coached aa to the story she was to tell.
She said that she and her mother had.
been visiting a lady on Stone street,-be
tween' Stockton and Powell, in August
last when Kane came into the house and
took her. away, although her mother cried
and objected. Kane took'her to the Ma
ria - Kip - Orphanage, -where 1 she . stopped
for a month,' and was ,. then taken to a
house in- the Mission. > She i was < there a
week artd was taken; to " the Girls'" Direc
tory, but "after being; there a month she
was, taken to Kane's office and» put in
charge of a family who lived inthesamo
building. '• .'•.-: cv «.-.-
While in the Girls' LHrectory Mrs. Nel
lie Brown, whom she had met Jin .Stock
ton during the fair in 1900,* came -to visit
her.; She met Mrs. Brown outside Kane's
office the second day after she went there
and -Mrs.' Brown took her away "with her."
.They -went to Santa Cruz and remained
there' till three, days, ago, when they came
, to .this city. and went to live at a; house
on Mission-street,. but she did not know,
the location. Mrs. Browir saw-tne report
in. the papers yesterday morning of her
disappearance and took' her in the car
.yesterday, afternoon to- Treadwell's office.:
She said Mrs. Brown -had- a -husband
whom- she called "Johnnie."' and -he had
a red mustache. . -They- had ibeen-.very
kind to her, but she wanted to get back
to her father-: and; mother Jin ¦Stockton.
Treadwell arranged to send; her home, to
Stockton by last night's boat. ¦¦.¦ • •- ¦
She did not know Sadie Ward,- whom
her stepfather, Bert Parker/ suspected of
having abducted her,, nor did, she know
Mrs. Ed Dean, wife; of the engineer on
the steamer T. C. Walker, -nor any one
by the name of John Bresliri. Mrs. Brown
was not known to her parents, she' said.
She Said she met Mrs. Brown during the
fair.- She got bewildered In thecrowd and
Mrs. Brown showed her how to get home.
t She . is an engaging talker, but every
effort to get her . to describe minutely
where she had been stopping with Mrs.
Brown either here or in Santa Cruz
failed. ' She remembered; she said, that
her father, whose name was White, fired
a shot at her mother and was sent to jail.
Frank J. Kane, secretary of the Pacific
Coast Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, reveals ja. state of de
pravity that, if correct in all its' details,
is startling in the extreme, and he main
tains, consequently., that the mother of
the girl is not a fit and proper person to
have the custody of , Ida. . He ; gives data
and particulars which he says warrant
his action in taking, the child a,way from
Mrs. Parker. ' ...':.'
- -. i v . • ¦ * ~ - ¦ . - ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦
Claims She Went to Santa
Cruz With a Mrs.
Brown. ;
Little Ida Parker Tries
to Explain Strange '
Disappearance.
AIR OF MISTERY
SURROUNDS HER
THE SAN FRANCIStJO CAtili, FRIDAY, 'JANUARY' 24, 1902;
5
iui
iui
rises ...
'sets ....
m rises . .
.......7:20
5:23
6:30 p. m.
I Time I
[Time I
Time
Time
iTw
H W
Ft.
L w
Ft.
Ft.
Ft
:t.
0:19
1:00
1:40
2:20
2:59
8:42
4:26
6:14
6.1
6.2
6.3
5.4
6.4
0.3
6.2
6.1
6:09
6:02
6:66
7:63
8:66
10:00
10:59
12:03
2.6
2.4
2.2
2.1
2.0
1.9
.1.8
! 1.6
11:20
12:10
1:01
1:68
2:68
4:01
6:13
,6:33
6.8
6.6
6.2
4.8
4.3
4.0
8.7
t '8.6
6:01
6:43
7:24
8:04
8:46
9:33
10:20
11:13
—0.8
—04
0.2
0.7
1.3
1.3
2.3
1 2.7
:o
10
11
Steamer.
Despatch.....
iaqua. .......
Fulton.......
Frogreso
Asuncion
Sequoia.'...'..
G. W. Elder..
Pomona.
Sta. Barbara.
State of Cal..
Nlcarla. .
Arcata
Argo. ........
Eureka. :..V.
Tltanla......
China........
Curacao......
Sierra. .......
Queen
Coos Bay. . . .
Rainier......
City Sydney. ;
J. S.Kimball
Columbia.-. . .
bam a Rom. .
Pt. Arena....
Bonita.......
North Fork..
Leelanaw....
Umatllla. ....
Tucapel..'.. ..
R. Dollar...;
M. Dollar....
San Pedro .......... .'. .
San Pedro
Redondo
Seattle
Tacoma
Grays Harbor.'....
Portland & Astoria ....
Humboldt
San Pedro.
San Diego ¦ & . Way Pts.
Seattle .................
Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.
Coqullle River .........
Humboldt ............. I
Nanalmo ...........;...
China & Japan ........
Mexican ' Ports ...;....
Sydney & Way. Ports..
Puget Sound Ports ..;..
Newport' & ;Way Ports.
Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Panama & Way Ports..
Seattle & Tacoma :;;...
Portland & Astoria ....
San Diego •& Way Pts.
Point Arena 'Jr .........
Newport I & Way Ports.
Humboldt ..............
New York via Panama.
Puget Sound Ports
Valparaiso & Way Ports.
Seattle & Hadlock......
San Pedro
Jan. 24
Jan. 24
Jan.. 24.
Jan. 24
Jan. 20
Jan. 26
Jan. 20
Jan. 25
Jan.. 26
Jan. 26
Jan. 26
Jan. 26
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 23
Jan. 29
Jan. 28
Jan. SO
Jan. 30
Jan. 80
Jan.: 31
Jan. 31
Jan. 31
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Mandalay..
Czarina....
Iaqua.....
Columbia..
Fulton....:
Empire.. ..
Eureka. . . .
nival......
Lakra*. . . . .
Despatch. .
Point Arena
North Fork
Alameda..
Santa Rosa
Bonlia
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
January: 24.
Coqulllo River ....;.
Seattle &.Tacoma...
Humboldt ..........
Astoria ft Portland.
Grays - Harbor. ......
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt ..........
January. 25.
Willapa ¦ Harbor. ....
Astoria & Portland.
Seattle & Falrhaven
Point Arena .......
Humboldt ..........
Honolulu ...........
, January 26.
San Diego & Way..
Newport tt Way Pts.
Puget s Sound'- Ports.
Seattle & Tacoma...
.' I January,- 27.
Humboldt ...........
January 2S.
Coquille River
Coos B. & Pt. : Off ord
N. «T. via Panama.. |
Panama & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland.
. January 29. .
San Diego &»Way..
Grays Harbor ......
. January 3O.
San Pedro & Way..
China & Japan.....';
I January 31.
Hamburg & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports.:
February 2.
Seattle & N. What..
Seattle '. & Tacoma; .
San Diego &, Way..
4 pm
3 pm
10 am
Ham
5 pm
12 ;m
9 am
6 pm
9 am
12 m
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
: . -¦
9 am
9 am
11am
10 am
IlrSOpi
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 28
PlerUi
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 18
Plor a
I Pier 2
IPier 7
i ,-. . ¦
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pomona..*.'
IPier 9
Argo......
Arcata....
Argyll...-.
City Para..
Q. Elder...
4 pm
12tm
2 pm
12 m
Uam
¦ . ;•
Pier 2
Pier lit
Pier 10
PMSS -
Pier 24
State Cal..
Sequoia....
¦ 9 am
S pm
Pier 11
Pier 2
Cooa Bay: .
H. K. Maru
19 am
1 pm
Pier 11
PMSS
Nlcaria....
Queen. ..'";
ii'tffl
Pier—
Pier 9
Balnler. . .'.
J. Kimball.
Spokane..'.
5 pm
10 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Steamer.
Fxcelsior. . • •
Farallon.....
Dolphin......
Cottage City.
Cooks Inlet A War Pta.
Slcarway=* Way Ports.
Skagway & -Way, Port*.
Skagway ' & "Way Porta.
[Jan. 25
Jan. 27
Jan. 29
| Jan. 30
iui
iui
rises ...
'sets ....
m rises . .
.......7:20
5:23
6:30 p. m.
I Time I
[Time I
Time
Time
iTw
H W
Ft.
L w
Ft.
Ft.
Ft
:t.
0:19
1:00
1:40
2:20
2:59
8:42
4:26
6:14
6.1
6.2
6.3
5.4
6.4
0.3
6.2
6.1
6:09
6:02
6:66
7:63
8:66
10:00
10:59
12:03
2.6
2.4
2.2
2.1
2.0
1.9
.1.8
! 1.6
11:20
12:10
1:01
1:68
2:68
4:01
6:13
,6:33
6.8
6.6
6.2
4.8
4.3
4.0
8.7
t '8.6
6:01
6:43
7:24
8:04
8:46
9:33
10:20
11:13
—0.8
—04
0.2
0.7
1.3
1.3
2.3
1 2.7
:o
10
11
Steamer.
Despatch.....
iaqua. .......
Fulton.......
Frogreso
Asuncion
Sequoia.'...'..
G. W. Elder..
Pomona.
Sta. Barbara.
State of Cal..
Nlcarla. .
Arcata
Argo. ........
Eureka. :..V.
Tltanla......
China........
Curacao......
Sierra. .......
Queen
Coos Bay. . . .
Rainier......
City Sydney. ;
J. S.Kimball
Columbia.-. . .
bam a Rom. .
Pt. Arena....
Bonita.......
North Fork..
Leelanaw....
Umatllla. ....
Tucapel..'.. ..
R. Dollar...;
M. Dollar....
San Pedro .......... .'. .
San Pedro
Redondo
Seattle
Tacoma
Grays Harbor.'....
Portland & Astoria ....
Humboldt
San Pedro.
San Diego ¦ & . Way Pts.
Seattle .................
Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.
Coqullle River .........
Humboldt ............. I
Nanalmo ...........;...
China & Japan ........
Mexican ' Ports ...;....
Sydney & Way. Ports..
Puget Sound Ports ..;..
Newport' & ;Way Ports.
Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Panama & Way Ports..
Seattle & Tacoma :;;...
Portland & Astoria ....
San Diego •& Way Pts.
Point Arena 'Jr .........
Newport I & Way Ports.
Humboldt ..............
New York via Panama.
Puget Sound Ports
Valparaiso & Way Ports.
Seattle & Hadlock......
San Pedro
Jan. 24
Jan. 24
Jan.. 24.
Jan. 24
Jan. 20
Jan. 26
Jan. 20
Jan. 25
Jan.. 26
Jan. 26
Jan. 26
Jan. 26
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 23
Jan. 29
Jan. 28
Jan. SO
Jan. 30
Jan. 80
Jan.: 31
Jan. 31
Jan. 31
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Mandalay..
Czarina....
Iaqua.....
Columbia..
Fulton....:
Empire.. ..
Eureka. . . .
nival......
Lakra*. . . . .
Despatch. .
Point Arena
North Fork
Alameda..
Santa Rosa
Bonlia
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
January: 24.
Coqulllo River ....;.
Seattle &.Tacoma...
Humboldt ..........
Astoria ft Portland.
Grays - Harbor. ......
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt ..........
January. 25.
Willapa ¦ Harbor. ....
Astoria & Portland.
Seattle & Falrhaven
Point Arena .......
Humboldt ..........
Honolulu ...........
, January 26.
San Diego & Way..
Newport tt Way Pts.
Puget s Sound'- Ports.
Seattle & Tacoma...
.' I January,- 27.
Humboldt ...........
January 2S.
Coquille River
Coos B. & Pt. : Off ord
N. «T. via Panama.. |
Panama & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland.
. January 29. .
San Diego &»Way..
Grays Harbor ......
. January 3O.
San Pedro & Way..
China & Japan.....';
I January 31.
Hamburg & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports.:
February 2.
Seattle & N. What..
Seattle '. & Tacoma; .
San Diego &, Way..
4 pm
3 pm
10 am
Ham
5 pm
12 ;m
9 am
6 pm
9 am
12 m
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
: . -¦
9 am
9 am
11am
10 am
IlrSOpi
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 28
PlerUi
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 18
Plor a
I Pier 2
IPier 7
i ,-. . ¦
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pomona..*.'
IPier 9
Argo......
Arcata....
Argyll...-.
City Para..
Q. Elder...
4 pm
12tm
2 pm
12 m
Uam
¦ . ;•
Pier 2
Pier lit
Pier 10
PMSS -
Pier 24
State Cal..
Sequoia....
¦ 9 am
S pm
Pier 11
Pier 2
Cooa Bay: .
H. K. Maru
19 am
1 pm
Pier 11
PMSS
Nlcaria....
Queen. ..'";
ii'tffl
Pier—
Pier 9
Balnler. . .'.
J. Kimball.
Spokane..'.
5 pm
10 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Steamer.
Fxcelsior. . • •
Farallon.....
Dolphin......
Cottage City.
Cooks Inlet A War Pta.
Slcarway=* Way Ports.
Skagway & -Way, Port*.
Skagway ' & "Way Porta.
[Jan. 25
Jan. 27
Jan. 29
| Jan. 30
•telllllUUl IWIU(KK »,»M*X.X. XXK*** «WMUUM HI***** ******* ****** ******* ****** ** ****** *****K
I Keith's Great TUE FIMPODIII1I 8 c '9 ars for «
£ Painting. 1 ilE f". Bf "«Cll ¦¦ 25c. i
tf "Headwaters of th e Merced,", on free MM** Olllforrvi^ l^r^CSt- t?B T^ da y "* to-morrow, Nathan X
If : exhibition in our Art Gallery. P .= AlMCnc*.3 OfaJVdCSt Store; f^- Halei, Owls and Renowns. *j
| ¦" f^- MemdrabteFrMay J.
$ A ha^^L^hL^TtkisSTowIls' '^£r/©Sfl^£//>^^ £2*31*1823171$ 8titch «ockings, io/lnd 25c 'j
*£ large size, "clean-up".,.- „ '.- ' .',-' . ,'.™T . values, now per pair .. . /* O j,
J sale price; each. . ;<. . ' MBG Shrewd shoppers come here because of the saving. We 35<= «ncy Howery, now . . 23 O jj
% ';¦•' ' \\. i '"'"'] ',.'. — — - k«P our trade up by keeping our prices down. We re- "' '
jj" ig 0afyy Mine." ous] y live «P to our advertisements and handle only Hurt BoOltSm "%
$ Sol ; BlooinV latest success; 5 * ** T/ ' 5? A «^ } * S§r I
1^ the song, that.verybodv -¦ F^ "** . . , ". J^^^^^ i
If^lilo^o^ Men's Furnishings<<Clean-Up'> ¦2RSir"5S f * twfcHl |
•>*¦-. .. :v; •.:..': .: •:¦¦'-%¦. '--'¦ ..,-.' . #y*» Hose-: — Gray wool, medium weight, seamless, pair T . .... . . fSC ' Jf
S *.*""!'"*" V"*^^ Men's Neckwear— 50c grade Four-in-Hands, Imperials, Tecki. Bat M c»— *-> —M 5
%;. , .,¦¦¦.-.• -...':¦ .. ¦¦' ¦¦..>.¦ .¦ ' Ties and a few Puffs, cut to ;... 23o ~ ** &ale Of J
K . CambriC MenS Undepwc * r — Fleece-lined Merino, pretty blue itnpes, fart colors, JEfJC VClOPCtU 3S S
S -¦¦¦' ¦.¦•' *m\~ v«^' m' . a good quality, nicely finished,' each . .....'.... . 4Qo " n m A m » ¦ -9.
X : . .' -.¦Y^C-iTarU. r - Camel's Hair Underwear— Non-shrinkable, at . " . .' . . 69 O ** / <?riO#Ifill - ieS. : ' J
Jf; Less ! than the price- of; ordinary Men's Shirts— |i.oo grade. Golf and Stiff Bosom, good percales in The Home Reference Library— jf
If -• muslin -to-day, for ' two - cases of nobby patterns; sale price ......'. s . . 69 O An encyclopedia of oniTeml X
ft v . yard J wide fine ¦' white Cambric; • • knowledge, prepared under the kL
liii^iiiiSc v, t .Laoes and Trimmings. . - |
£' „ ;'.. ' ' , , ,; .... .„, ,, ¦ Half Off for a large collection of trimmings and passe- in half morocco, this week . . *
SI GOCOanut OH . mentcr5es "» black a^'d colors, made. of jet spangled. sUk • • .,• •-••,• >$3.60 J
J • ™^*™ r " ## . and mohair; all-overs for waists and front pieces, in silk "ebster, Unabridged Dictionary |
1'r- /'>? O^r-^ Sota, yokes ..« I Scf2 r^ tofi J5&S.
I^e y cSt;/r^oci wori^&sz |
5 dozen, for a little mort than 42 mch " Wlde; coIored 8llk "d chlffon ruchmg; colored and to-morrow— the Home Ref- J
| half; Friday only, dozen 36os ¦" silk chenUle dotted net, etc., etc., all- on sale now at T^rr^ 1 " "* *
«f cake:. .3^ ono-hatfoff regular prices. £ '. "? S8.OO 5
,J — - — r— ; — — - — ¦ — ;'•;. . - .' — — : — -J ¦•¦••••-• . g
g S^teot [the Schwartz Stock Special Two-Days' Sales of i
%Men's New Style Ladies' Handkerchiefs %
$; ! #%# ' Friday and Saturday Only. §
K - ' Mm Mfi Wn KM tW- ¦ A special purchase of 250 dozen Handkerchiefs comes to hand in rime for 5
J; '. ¦. - ¦•:.. ¦ ¦^'¦¦¦¦¦¦Jf M a special Friday and Saturday sale. We have dirided them into four «
«P-Vkii«--i- - »U • i I i V .* - lots and marked them at fully a third less than they could possibly be i
J • These- are not bargain cloths, but bargain prices. - We told for if bought in the regular way. . 7 j
; b6ught the balance of the winter Stock of a large' manu- S 8 do «a Ladies* Lawn Handkerchiefi, nice sheer quality, print borders, 5
J facturing concern in New York at about 5 6c on the dol- v fZZJS^ Mf: 'IS T^ % ?*£ I
j^ lar. -.-The newest styles of fabrics made up in the latest «4 Ladies* Pure Linen Handkerchiefs, half-inch hemstitched^ 5
J^ . worth for every dollar you invest in this clothing. 4° do2en wi<Ie borders Handkerchiefi, whh good lawn centers, %
jf ' , c '_ , . * A ; . ,, - worth xoc each, sale price .. ......J..; 1S>rs 3*
K -. Men s Sack Suits— Coat, with or without military' shoulders, the mate- *8 dozen Lawn Handkerchiefs, very sheer, flinch hemstitch" withm- 5
'Si A* the corned; w^ ha T e'aSo« ,U of th^IenJ b Z J
1£ blue serges, worth 5I2-50 and ?!5.00j on sale at. , 9Oit9 lot; sale price, each g o J
X Men's Fine Suits— Of blue or black cheviots, unfinished worsteds, fancy - '"" ' ; ****** J*
If worsteds, tweeds and cassimeres; worth $17.50 and n o « :¦ ' ~ $
W^^^^^^^^M ox** f Gannett Goods Sale, i
g gray cheviot,; worth at least $12.50; on ale at . ) : $8.45 Last,two days of the Big Store's annual offering- $
**?> tlTT^* F1 ™~™ I
5 at " ; " cnccn > wortn * 10 ' 001 . «t#J QO worth 3°c«"=h; thw week, $2.76 per dozen; single tat 23O *
¦»' '.J ¦•" n'x* c ,* ' I. ' ' * * ' Extra Standard Peaches, Pears, Apricots and Plums— i^-lb. tins this «*
g Boys Knee Pants Suits— Sizes for 8 to 15 yean; itrictly all-wool week, $1.68 per dozen; single tins... . . . . . . 14n 5
» matenals; small lots that were $3.00 and $4.00, on Singapore Pineapple, sliced or whole— 2%-H,. tins; per dozen, St 8O- $
Jkf »eat. .r'. . . &Zm3& singletons. . . . . .......' . ISO *
K Boys' Thrte-Piece Knee Pants Suits— Sizes for 9 to 15 ycarsj made of Best Maine Com — P ep «*<««>, $1*2O; single tins ... . . . JQo «
ft good] quality all-wool blue cheviot j a tlp-top $5.00 Best Western Sugar Cora— Per doren, fl©©- tins : . .... Qn *
g value, on sale at . .... . ..... . . . $3»48 Extra '^^ Curra at Jelly— a-ft. tins; dozen, $1.56; each . . 13o "i
S Men's jf4_oo wonted pants; now . ' ' . . <o *qk SeIect Mteia Oysters— i-lb. tins; 2 for 25c; a-lb. tins, each 22o 9.
sWiMBB^k ¦¦¦'¦';. r.r£Z ttSftSSzzszf&gbifL :.:¦:¦ :tsz 1
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Ean Fnadsco, Friday, 24 January,* 1902.
¦*
I ¦ ¦¦ J2&2SE,
I Oak bookcase, $36.00
I ¦' • » ' ' \: :^;-:
a o — — q
I I Picture the above bookcase in your library or parlor and 1
| ..think of the genuine satisfaction you would enjoy through pos-
8 sessing it. We cannot imagine a more pleasing combination of
[| utility and beauty than it presents.- .
8 Built of oak, elegantly caryed and finished a rich, beauti-
| ful golden brown. Equipped with spacious shelving and double *
glass doors. The dimensions are, to wit: Height, 51 inches;
width, 40 inches; depth, 16 inches. Price, $36.00.
Same bookcase in mahogany, $42.00. Same bookcase in
3 golden oak, measuring 63 mches in width. $48.00.
A count made j'esterday revealed over one. hundred and
fort?' patterns in our bookcase line^ — come and 'look— welcome,
I you know. .. •;
O : _ q
I (Successors to California Furniture Co.) I
1 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. J, Burnett » Vanilla K^tract is the fl«d «Uad
ard of excellence. Has outlived criticism. Is tha
finest.. purest vanilla extract that caa be bouktit.
;.. HOTEL DEL ' COROX ADO. choicest Winter
Resort in the. world, offers best- living.' climate
boetins,; bathing, flehlng .? and raott amuse'
ments. E. S.' Babcockriiiunagef, Coronado.'CiU.
That he who hestitates Is lost
Peihats is true, and yet It's funny
That an auction sale the chap
Who hesitates may sava his monsy.
The report that J. Pierpont Morgan is- reaching
out after the control of extensive railroads in China
need not surprise any one. China may not be a very
good railroad country, but it is a part of the earth"
and Morcan must taks it 'along with ik* rest-
'„ The ' foot ¦ of a horse' Is > one . of the most
Ingenious ;' and "unexampled pieces of
mechanism : in the' whole range of animal
structure. / ¦
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by thm
iTeaa Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The report that Prince Henry is to go to Washing
ton first instead of landing at New! York will'prob
ably be a surprise party to the Washingtonians, but
they can be counted on to meet it bravely by asking
Congress for an appropriation to celebrate the event.
. Townsend's California, glace fruits 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
1^ pr « s f nt f ?T Eastern friends.
b£> Market s.t.. Palace Hotel building. •
RABBIT r SKINS-L. M.. East Oakland,
Cal. To cure a: rabbit, 'skin lay the skin
on,a. smooth board,- the 'fur side under
most; ,with tinned tacks. Wash the skin
first with a solution, of salt, thendlssolve
two and a 'half ounces , of alum In a pint
of warm water and: with a sponge dipped
In this -solution moisten the surface all
over; repeat :th!s every now. and then for
three days. When the skin Is quite d-y
taketcut the tack, and . roll it tho long
way, the -hair inside; draw it quickly
backward : and. forward throu 5 h a larg
smooth^rlns mull7 it Is nuite soft; then
roll it the contrary way and repeat the
operation.; Skins prepared thus are useful
for, many, domestic purposes.
Look out for 81 4th st., front of barber and
grocery; best eyeglasses, specs, 15 C to 40c.»
Cal.. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
E*. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend'a.*
.From Los Angeles*—W: ' ; W. Turner, at
the' Murray Hillr'and D. ; Offnutt, at the
Earlington. ,' BBW
.. NEW, YORK, Jan. 23.— The following
C#lifornians are in New York:
" From" San > Francisco— H." Gray, at the
Imperial;. I. : Cohen, at the Criterion;" W.
H.' Baugh,' at the' Broadway Central ; Mrs.'.
E. I Gordon, ; at- the Gerard ; J. ' Jerome, at
the Navarre, and F. ¦ Van ; Devly, at the
Albert:- ; '' ';•-' ; -'-'' ' ,¦ '•¦' ¦ .
_} From , Sacramento — E. ;H." Sutton and
wife, at the 'Manhattan..: ' . ~
Californians in New York.
A report : • from Washington giving a summary of
the measure says it provides that', "upon deposit jw\t\\
the Treasurer of the United States of such bonds
the Comptroller of the Currency is to- issue to the
bank circulating notes not exceeding in amount 80
per cent of the market value. or'par.- value of the
SENATOR PLATT of New York has intro
duced a banking bill which may probably' be
found to constitute a rallying point for those
who are disppsed to object to permit national banks
to issue notes based upon assets. The bill authorizes
under certain conditions' the issue of 'circulating
notes by State banks and banking associations of de
posit and discount. -As the circulating notes of na
tional'banks based on national-Vonds^ the pur
pose of the bill is that the proposed notes of the
State banks shall be based on State bonds, or upon
bonds issued by cities and by countiest
AMOUNT OF CASH— A Subscriber,
Napa, Cal. It is to be presumed that by
the auestion. "what is: the amount of
cash in the world?*.' is meant the amou.it
of gold, silver and other -metal used as
currency/ That is a Question that'can
riot Ve .answered with any degree of cer
tainty. Approximately the- coined gold is
21f. 800,000 fine ounces of 22 2-8 . thousana
ounces to the ton of 204& pounds and the
coined silver is 3,863, 400.COO fine ounce*
There'is no published aggregate record r.f
iniror coinage. <¦".
STATE BANK NOTE^.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The ' following
Californians : are at the hotels: At the
National, : M, E. Roberts of San Francis
co; at the Raleigh, William Osterman and
wife" of. San: Jose," Mrs. F. Morris," Miss: B.
Morris , San Francisco ; "at * the " Shoreham,
Chester Williams of San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
FERTILIZER-M. S...Egan, Riverside
County, Cal. The following is said to be
« j.ood fertilizer for -.orchards: "Mix 40
bushels of unbleached wood ashes, MX)
rounds of ground bone and 100 pounds of
sulpliate 'of ammonia or nitrate of soda,
commonly, called Chile saltpeter." A
cheap ; and good way. to supply • nitrogen
to -the 'soil is to bow clover and plow It
under after it has reached a good
growth. *
.CORONATION— Subscriber, City. The
practice of placing a crown on the head
of a monarch is very ancient, as appears
from the record that Solomon and Aha
ziah were crowned. Leo I, Emperor of
the East, was crowned by Anatolius, pa
triarch of Constantinople in 457, being the
first instance on record of a sovereign
"receiving his crown from the hands of a
priest. -' - .
PORTO BICO— F. H. S. S., Fresno, CaL
To determine if there Is need for a patrol
in Porto Rico under thf supervision of the
Secretary of War, you should read the re
ports to the Secretary of War. ,These re
ports from military officers et that point
give the best Idea of the condition of af
fairs.
Marjorie-Yes; and, like most failures,
she made a good thing out of it The
court allowed her $10,000 a year alimony!—
Judge * •
Madge— So she found marriage a fail
ure? •"¦fr > fff*'f Billt' I wMfl
He — They've got cause and effect
twisted. Kissing is generally the result
of a" heart affection.— Philadelphia Record.
She— Some doctors claim that unhealthy
results follow kissing.
Mr. Botts— I think, my dear, I have at
last found the key to ¦ success. Mrs
Botts— Well, Just as like as not you'li
not be able to find the keyhole.
Husband (to wlf e>— Tve been out half
the day trying to collect money, and I'm
wild enough to smash uj> the furniture.
It beats all how som« men will put off
and off. A~ man who owes , money and
won't pay it Isn't fit to associate— •
Servant (opening the door)— The butcher,
sorr, is downstairs with his bill.
Husband— Tell him to call again.— Tit-
Bita. -
He— She always calls things by their
right names. flfsK]
She— What horrible name did she call
you?— Yonkers Statesman.
"He looked me over an' den said It waa
about time fur him to take up a coUeo
tion."—Washington Star •
• "Dere ain't much sympathy in dla Wrld,
an' dat's a fack," said Meandering- Mike.
"I took dat policeman into me confidence"
I told him dat I had had all de troubles
extant; dat I was Jes* a collection of sor
rows."
"What did he dor*
Mrs. Crawfprd— I suppose you suffer
great deal from your dyspepsia?
Mrs. Crabshaw— Not half as much 1
I did when my husband had it.— Judge.
AN ECU— Spanish, City. The com of
which. a rubbing has been sent to this
department is an ecu of the .reign of
Louis XV of France (1715-1374). It was
coined In 1724, and the price that dealers
charge for such Is from $2 75 to $3 50, ac
cording to perfectness of the coin. 1
M." Natharison, secretary of the Harlem
racetrack, : is out here in > the interests of
his Jockey club and Is staying at the Pal
ace. -¦:, ¦.¦-•-.¦ ¦ - • ¦•,. . .' ¦
James , M. Lezlnsky of New York . and
J. C. Dllfleld of Denver, both mining men,
are. at the Palace. '.' _ .
H. H." Jastro,~a capitalist and oil man
of .Bakersfield, is among ' the arrivals ' at
the Grand. -
V'C. 1 R. Tillson, an attorney of Modesto,
is among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
¦ A. Salomon, a merchant of. Nevada, Is
here on a business trip and is at the Lick.
P. Reed, a mining man of Jackson, is at
the Lick. .
J. Haslacher, a merchant of Oakdale, 13
at the Pa4acc.
.The Rev. Father Brady of Sacramento
Is at the Grand.
John.McKea, a mining man of Red
Bluff, is at the Russ.
Levan' S. Peck, a young club man of
New York, is at the Palace.
¦ D. ~W- Kirkland, a druggist of Los An
geles, is registered at the Palace. ,
GarriEon Turner, an attorney of Mo
desto, is a guest at the Grand.
- H. Wittenberg, a cracker manufacturer
of Portland, Or., is at the Grand.
Frank H. Buck, an -extensive fruit
grower of Vapaville, Is at the Palace.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
..Weare^too far.from the scene of the struggle'tq
undertake to forecast the result, bVt v it seems "certain
that next June either the News will suspend publi
cation or else the welkin above Salt Lake will ring
Vith^bridal-bells'every^day from : tlW time; when the'
first -Ju'ne.buds begin to- bloom untiKtl^y • culminate
'P^ *ke ;™hiptuous roses of July. And here's good
luck; to them all: - '¦;';'. "'. - : .'-; •¦'•. -, •:
: It might be supposed that in a case pf.'thisVkind'a
man not inclined to court might appeal to the courts;"
but no.' Such an appeal does not lie.* Even if it did
the ; recourse would be vain, forra Chicago Judge
i"? 1 decided that any man with $25 in; his pocket
is able to marry. There is nothing,. then, for the
News men to -do but J to go . forth and hunVup "a . girl
or a'new;.job. r " - ..- ;
Our report says that the' News,- in addition to em
ploying the number of men required to get out an
afternoon paper, operates also: a job office, a bind
ery and a bookstore.; It employs all told .about 100
men,. and it seems that a considerable .percentage of
them are notmarried nor are they, matrimonially in
clined. It is hard to hustle for a wife even when one
is . stimulated by the sweet, influences of rapturous
early love, but, harder 'still; to hustle when the -heart
is like lead and the pocket lighter, "than a bubble in
the moment when 'it is ready to burst at the slightest
touch. V Pity, then, the sorrows "of the Deseret men!
Trouble of course is. not infrequent in newspaper
offices, though as a rule there is less of it in such
places than anywhere else on this mundane globe,
except in the happy homes where love abides; but
never before in a newspaper office has there ever been
such trouble as. that which lurks within the 'pre
cincts of the News and haunts' the hearts of those
who work for it.
to the story that comes to us the cause
of the trouble is this: The I%eret News is the offi
cial organ of the Mormon churchin Salt. Lake, and
reefcntly a decree has gone forth from the church
authorities that all male employes of the News shall
be married by the close of next June or hand in their;
resignations. It is a case of "double or quit" with
a new significance. There is no wager about it and",
no chance -to win.
-
MUCH "of trouble and much of lamentation
there are in the office of the Deseret News-
So we learn from a Salt Lake dispatch. The
trouble cannot be remedied, by a strike nor by a
lockout; nor can it be dealt with by a board of ar
bitration. Therefore the lamentation is the more bit
ter and cannot be assuaged by swearing.
MARRY OR QUIT.
It will reem strange. to Americans that it is not
until'this late date that the Germans are learning. the
advantages of co-education. The practice - has be
come so fully established here we can hardly remem
ber that it was ever looked upon as a problem.
Similar resolutions are reported to have been
adopted by a convention of the public school teachers
of \Vurtemberg, and it was declared that' "for the
sake of a more advantageous organization of the
schools small communities should not found sepa
rate schools for boys and girls." Another repprt
states that from this time forth in Baden and Wttr
temberg girls will be admitted to the higher schools
for boys on passing the entrance examination.
A recent convention of the public school teachers
of Westphalia adopted a series of resolutions declar
ing strongly in favor of the co-educational 'system.
Among other things the resolutions stated: "The aim
of the public school is the. same for both sexes; al
though the talents of the sexes are different and re
quire different treatment, a one-sided cultivation of
them may easily create an unnatural chasm between
boys and girls, so it seems desirable to educate them
together; the habit of daily association with the op
posite sex tends to diminish the moral dangers of
growing boys'and girls^; and, finally, co-education is
the most natural system because it is most like the
education in the family." ,
FROM Germany, the United States has learned
so many lessons in the^work of education that
there is no little satisfaction hv knowing. '"that the'
Germans are»learning also from us. The success of
the co-education of boys and girls in our public
schools has so favorably impressed many German
educators that they are now advocating the adoption
of the same system throughout Germany, and have
accomplished a considerable movement in that
direction.
CO-EDUCATION IN GERMANY.
Because none of these provisions are made by the
Jaw or constitution in behalf of our present Railroad
Commission we have now to. wait until the courts re
view the case. The issue is in their hands. They
have interposed a temporary injunction, and it is
their duty to bring the case to a prompt hearing.
Behind it all is the issue of the legal vigor and
power of the Railroad Commission. It is perfectly
plain that the railroads do not desire to ob
solete the commission. It can Mo them no
harm, since it is without power to enforce
its deciiions. -/The Supreme Court -of the
United States has decided that a. State Legis
lature may provide the means for regulating the rates
charged by common carriers, but it has also decided
that such regulati&n shall be 'judicial.; What is re
quired is that the Legislature create a judicial body
of first ic'tance, from which an appeal lies directly
to the court of last resort. .The law may limit the
delays of procedure. It may require an answer to the
petition within a given time, restrict the joining of
issues, cut off dilatory proceedings, and compel ap
peal to be taken or abandoned promptly upon entry
of the decision.
The result of the litigation is awaited with much
interest The reduction in the rate is so small that
it does not furnish adequate reason in itself for a re
sort to the courts by the two roads. Nor does it
seem of such importance to the oil producers as to
warrant the cost of litigating. But the volume of the
reduction is of the least consequence to all of the par
ties conceined. The principle" at stake supplies the
motive for pursuing the case to the Supreme Court
of the United States. The railroads contend that oil
must pay its share of the average expense of moving
all classes of freight. The producers claim'that oil
must stand alone and pay such charge' as defrays the
cost of moving it and a reasonable profit to the road.
As this nine-mile spur carried 2400 cars in Novem
ber, its annual earnings would exceed the entire cost
of its construction, and at the old rate the oil freight
earnings of the Southern Pacific on transportation
from Bakersfield points would amount to $1,500,000
per annum. The net reduction made by the new
rate, which is litigated, would be about $250,000.
Xhese figures are necessary to show the people first
the very slight cut in rates which has driven the*
railroads into the courts for redress, and second the
immenie magnitude of the California oil business.
1 he former rate was 42 cents per barrel between
Bakersfield points and San Francisco points. Afte r
a hearing and a rehearing a rate was fixed of 25
cents per barrel for the first 100 miles; over 100 and
less than 200, 31 cents; over 200 miles and less than
375 miles, 37 7-10 cents. The oil producers also
asked a reduction^ on switch charges for the nine
miles between the Kern River wells and * Bakers
field, the charge being $7 and $5 per car, according
to distance. This charge was cut in two by the
Commissioners* decision.
THE Southern Pacific and Santa Fe railroads
have taken the oil rate cases into the courts.
The Santa Fe has resorted to the Federal courts
and the Southern Pacific to the State courts in "prac
tically the same proceeding, as in either case the ap
peal means a permanent restraint upon the' State of
California, operating through its Railroad Commis
sion, in the matter of fixing a ra^e on the transporta
tion of oil from the points of production to those of
THE OIL CASES.
subject of which they know so little' and pi which the
Pacific Coast is forced to learn so much by the re
peated^ outbreaks of highbinders..
Fprtunately the long campaign of education on this
subject has done its work effectively so far as Con
gress is concerned. The exclusion policy will be
continued. General Grosvenor's statement, published
in The Call some time ago, gives assurance of that.
It will, however, be worth while for Eastern critics
to post themselves before' undertaking to discuss' a
Goethe has told us that among certain classes of
people "there is a stupidity against which the gods
themselves war in vain." The men who will not ad
mit that there are any considerable number of crimi
nals among the Chinese immigrants to the United,
States belong to that class, and it is hopeless to argue
with them. The assertion that Chinese do not add
strength, "to the ranks jof the v anarchists" is really
neat. Only in r Boston could it ever have been
thought out in seriousness or uttered without a grin.
' Here, for example, is the Boston Transcript
blandly saying: "Few. people are ''ready to admit that
whatever vice and immorality may exist among these
immigrants is a sufficient reason for putting up the
bars against them.. We know, 0% the other hand,
that the Chinese give us little trouble on the score of
crime; the free admittance of this race would mean
no danger of adding strength to the ranks of the an
archists. In this connection what higher ' tribute
to the law-abiding character' of the Chinese could be
paid than this statement, made in a communication
to the. Transcript by Mr." Yong Kay, general mis
sionary superintendent of the New England' Chinese
Mission: 'As far as I can ascertain, among the Chi
nese residents in . Nejv England States there has
never, been a single murder or burglary case ' among
them, though Chinamen have been in New- England
nearly forty years. Can any other nationality in New
England show an equal record?''.' '
./*-v NE of the* peculiar characteristics of Eastern
( 1 critics of the Chinese exclusion policy is. the
>—^ glibness^ with which , they deny : the plainest
factors of the problem. They will not admit that the
Chinaman is an unfair competitor of American work
ingmen, nor that, he is unfitted for absorption into
the American race, nor that his free admission here
would raise upon the Pacific Coast a race problem
more difficult of solution than that of the South. In
the face of the records of Chinatown and the almost
daily offenses committed by the highbinders they will
not even admit that the Chinaman has criminal ten-
CHINESE AND CRIME.
Along v.ith the strengthening of the police it is to
be hoped we may also have a strengthening of the
backbone of:. the courts. It. has too often happened
that the courts, instead of aiding the police', in the
maintenance of law, have handicapped their efforts.
A few severely just sentences upon burglars, foot
pads and the rest would have a wholesome effect.
Moreover, there should be specially heavy sentences
upon those. who resist arrest. The officers who with
so much of vigilance, energy and courage are fight
ing the battle of the law against crime should not
be left unavenged by the law when one of them is
attacked or hindered in the performance of his dan
gerous duty.
It is time to, strengthen the police. Under the
charter it is permissible to increase the force to one
officer for every 500 inhabitants, with a captain for
every 100 officers, a lieutenant for every 50, a ser
geant for every 10, and as many corporals as the
needs of the service require. With our present popu
lation that apportionment permits the maintenance of
a force of upward of .900 men. .There is,, then,- no
reason why the force should be restricted to the
present inadequate. number. On the contrary, there
is every reason why ifshould be' at once increased in
strength until it "is" able to safeguard the city, and
hunt out the Criminals who are- prowling about its
streets and committing new crimes with each suc
ceeding night. ¦ &pk : S&%
The'frequency with which robberies, burglaries,.as
saults and murders follow one another is appalling.
The danger that attends the wayfarer , in the streets
of San Francisco is almost as great as that recorded
of the cities of the middle ages. While the police are
watching in one part of a beat" footpads ply their
trade in another, and when a cry for help siimmons
the single officer who is in the neighborhood the
criminal gang meet him with a fusillade of bullets
and murder him.
Under such conditions an adequate guardianship
of the 'city is impossible. Every effort has been made
by. the police to fulfill its duty. That much is at
tested by the readiness with which the officers re
spond' to every alarm and by the number who have
fallen, like Officer Robinson, in the performance of
duty. By an act of the Legislature eight hours con
stitute a policeman's watch, .but owing to the emer
gency of the situation here it has not 'been -found
possible to limit a watch to that number. of hours.
The men are serving long watches as well as on : long
beats, and still the city is not guarded as it should be.
San Francisco .has "an area of approximately
forty-nine square miles, and the population at the
census of 1900 was 342,782. It contains about 750
miles of "streets. Were the present police force dis
tributed evenly throughout the area there . would be
about twelve officers" to the square- mile, and were
half of them to be on duty at a time each would have
to patrol about two miles and a half of streets and
look after a population of about 1200. The distribu
tion, of course, cannot be made in that way, for, Ut
must correspond to the comparative requirements for
police protection in the different districts. The re
sult is that in the -outlying districts the beats are so
extensive the officer has hardly time to make a sur
vey of them, and even in districts nearer the center of
population the beat3 sometimes extend from ten to
fifteen blocks on two streets, or an equivalent of
thirty blocks. \
T"7*¥ the. murder of Police .Officer Robinson 'the
I— V people of San Francisco have been startled
*— " into a consciousness of the dangerous eie-;
ments that exist among the criminal classes of the
city... It is not a question merely of hoodlums, or of
petty thieves, nor of unexperienced footpads who
would shrink from the shedding of blood.". 'It is an
issue of hunting Jown criminals skilled in, the use o£
weapons, ready to resort to them, arid murderous by
instinct. To protect property,' person and life against
their assaults we have a police force of but 591 men.
It is .too small. ...•¦'. -
Upon the bare summary thus far reported from
Washington it is not possible to make a definitive
judgment, but the ve/y introduction of such a measr
ure is a matter of no little importance,' for it is certain
an earnest effort will be made to settle the banking,
problem at this session of .Congress, and the Platt
bill may prove to be a notable factor in the solu-*
- The principle involvedin the bill is by no means
hew. It has been under discussion ever since the agi
tation on the subject of reform in our banking? law's
began.; It happens, however, that there has never
been a. time when any showing could be made of the
strength back of it, so that it is not possible now to
forecast what will be -the fate of the new measure.
That it is introduced by the Senator,' from New York
would seem to imply, that it will prove, a formidable
competitor to what is known. as the "asset currency
plan," should it have been put . forwird for that pur
pose. It of course N goes without saying 'that should
it be enacted there would have to be very careful
supervision over the kind of State and county bonds
that would be used as a basis for the new notes. ..'",'
bonds. The amount of notes issued to a bank is re
stricted to 70 per cent of its capital stock; and they
are j to) constitute a first lien on the bank's assets:
The provisions for' inspection; and supervision . of the
banks by the Comptroller of the Currency are ; prac
tically similar to those for- national banks, /except
that the banks are' required to deposit gradually with
the Treasurer of the United States asum equal to 2
per cent of their capital • stocks, which is to form a
safety fund for the redemption of.the notes of any
bank which may fail."
OUR POLICE FORCE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY V 24. 19O2L
FRIDAY. JANUARY 24. 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.- Proprietor. -
• iClnn All CunmuietUou tt W. 8.' LEAKS, Mtugtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
CDXTO&IAi; ROOMS.. . . .217 to 221 Stevens o» St.
Telephone Press 203.
: Delfrered by Carriers,' IS Cents Per Weett.
Single Copies.- 8 Cents.
Terms t»r Mall. In clad Inn: Foitacei
DAH.T CAXjX. Onclufllnr Sunaay). one ye«r.. ft.M
DAILY CALL (lncludinr EtuAay), I x- -sntht... 1.09
DAILY CALL (lnclndinc Sunday), t month 1.50
DATT.Y CAUU-Dy Single Month .............". 65o
FCTTDAY CAU*. On* Tear ......~. .:..... 1.60
WEKXZtT CAXJU On. Tnr. 1.0»
AH postniKstem are authorised to reeelra
subscriptions.
BuBtto conle* ""111 b* forwarded when requtsted.
Mail «cb»erlber» In orderfEjr ehang* of addrera should bt
' f*rUcnJ»r to mtv t»Ot 3TEVT ANT> OZ>D ADDRESS la order
to t»jror» * prompt and correct compUanoa with their request
OAKliAlTD OFFICE .....1118 Broadway
V .;<*• GEORGES KROGKES8.
Xt£*ft* r»rElj» Atrmtttlag, MarfOitU BaiUlng, OUear*.
CUmt Dist*nc* TelephoiM "Central SOI.") *
SHEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C CCAHl/TOy...^ ..Herald Square
KEW TORE REPRESKNTAT1 VKt
B'lWrilES IS. SMITH... 3O Trlbmne Building:
HEW YORK NEWS STAKDSt
fftMflrf-ABtorU Hotel; A. Breataao, Q Dbloa Bqut»»
lion? am Hotel. _^ , . -
CHTCAJQO NEWB STANDS: - _ -
Itiauiiii Boww: ft. O. 'News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
lYinadnt Boom; Auditorium Hotet"<~ ,'/¦ '¦ ,• ,^ '.'i
tWAjmxGTo?r ro. c> office. .. .1400 a St., w. w.
UORTOS E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BBAKCH OFFICES— E!7 Moateomery, corner of Clay, opes
BBtfl 1:89 o'clock. SM Hayes, open until »:S0 o'clock. «33
McAllister, epea until 1:10 o'clock. CIS Larkin. open until
KM O'clock. IHL Mission, opea uatU 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
•oner Sixteenth, open until • o'clock. 10M Valencia, opea
Batn t O'clock. 1M Eleventh, cpea until • o'clock. NW.
earner Twenty-aeoona and Kentucky, opea until » o'clock.
BM nUrnon, eptn cntll I p. m. »
6
AUCTION SALES.
By ¦Vfm. G. Layne — Thursday. January SO. at 11 o'clock,
Palo Alto Brood Mares, at 721 Howard street.
SINCING OF THE FRINCE
The accompanying " skit" is the result of a proposition laid before the Merchants' Exchange of San
Francisco 1o send one of Us members as an emissary to meet, a certain \xalted personage who contemplates
visiting the Atlantic seaboard in February next. The members of tho Exchange were unanimous in their
selection of a gentleman eminently fitted for this position by reason of his persuasive powers and other
natural gifts too numerous to mention. The gentleman is a* prominent member of the Exchange, a large
shipper of grain and stands, generally, very high in social and financial circles. He is known as "Tha
Great -German Traveler/ 1 ' • . -
CRUSS DEN .-.PRINZEN* *' ':
. Mit Schwartz-Brod ttf dot Brand "McN ear," ', Blii: ber < 3 'Cnd »aw.»* :
C? ¦ '' Al. Geberding, he make a speech
V'^fe V^^ A pout der price dat corn will reach;
( Vou *** dot f eller isa P eacI 0
Den pooty soon ve tree go up
; To Marchand's und der Poodle-Pup, -
'fip^U ' Und later — veil — ive go to sup,
&?A£r^ D er * was some l Q di es senr charmant,
C* Some gentlemans vot vas galant, ' >
'Und drink champagner all der night -^^kfeK^^dk l
, . Der Prim he schivear "Gott's Donncr-Blitz, iJ^JS^nl^^^^^k.
"Vcre is your Burgomcistcr, Sdimitz? —^f^* -w <^| : :; f^^%
"Vtch I did komin so far to see • • . :'.'il '¦liiiiW ; .:. v.-
*" " ' * - Next day did komm ein telegram
£n£^ Q^j? ( — "} From Berlin, und it say: "Py dam,
jgraSll y^^p "^^ ? "Komm back geschwind nach Haus" — / am
/m\ <Nr $J§K$\ ® er P rinz d en say: "Muss Heimwaeris gehen
y l\ s^4«P-^^^^ !^i "Hab viel gethan und viel gesehen;
\ [ y^8jj!j§inl ¦ "Adieu, meine Herren — Auf Wiedersehen,"
" he kom owir mcR Vo havc Dey both komm from dat Cherman Boss —
AMUSEMENTS.
— —
Central — "The Fire Patrol/*
Alcazar — 'Ttor th« Whlte'Roee."
Columbia — "The Princess Cblc" . . .
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Don Caesar de Bazan."
California — "Vireinius."
Tlvoll— "The Toy Maker." •T:'? '-'I- 'i
Chutes, Zoo and Tbe&ter' — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-dayl 'Second race— Marelio. Harry Thatcher, The
Hoodoo.
Third race^ — Fitz Kanet, Meehanus, Sam Ful
len.
Fourth race — Floronso, Kenilworth, Grand
Sachem.
Fifth race^ — Merops, Herculean, Pat ' Morris
i sey. ¦
, Dr. , Crocker, eye, ear, nose, throat. and
lungs. Besomed practice 21 Powell *U ;*.• .?/ii-
Parcels i-Post %With Bolivia?
'\\ A' parcels post convention* has been con
cluded " between ?¦ the United States ¦ and
Bolivia, to take, effect on. February,!: /
ST. PAUL, Jan. 23. — The State Board of Re
gents. of the ; University of - Minnesota to-day
elected Professor, L.*L. Washburn.' of the Ore
gon State, University ,\ to succeed the late Otto
Lugger as State Entomologist.,
Trunks and Valises.
"Another carload ;" of Trunks, Valises,
Dress Suit . Cases, Traveling Sets at i our
famous ' carload -prices?" AH;; kinds v of
leather goods in this department lettered
in gold letters free of charge. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market. street." •
Unknown Man Attempts Suicide.
An unknown elderly man was found in a
room at the St. George Hotel, 812 Kearny
street, . last , evening,' suffering'* from
asphyxiation from gas. He was taken to
the Receiving- -Hospital, and is not ex
pected to live. ., All that wasfound on the
man's person was a ticket showing that
he had jpawned a silver watch recently
for $3. -The name of Smith, without any
Initials, was the ¦ only. name on. the, ticket.
It is believed he ' intentionally " turned on
the ; gas. ¦»¦*''? •'? ;">:-;-":-'¦ mUSBSIEBSti
Everybody ¦ Is Anxious^
;:. To-day the.newsthat Adler & Sons" (of
Chicago) clothing stock has arrived is ex
pectea ' by ' everybody: -Should ; that ' be ' a
fact no -time-- will: be,- lost, in 1 placing the
same' at' the' Lyceum,; J-15 Market street
and the public will be notified thereof '. *¦'<
Danny Dougherty, Knocked Out.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 23.— Danny Dougherty
of i Philadelphia was r knocked out in \ the
fourth round by Harry Forbes of Chicago
at the West End Club , to-night In i what
was scheduled as a - flf teen-round I bout at
115 . pounds for the 'bantam-weight » cham
pionship of America. . In the fourth round
Forbes feinted with his left and then sent
a straight right I to ' Dougherty's ja.w,- giv
ing nlm : his; quletus^^w^v ..
Racing at New Orleans.
NKW ORLEANS, Jan. 23.— Crescent City
summary: ' ¦ • ¦ - ¦
First rAce, /six • furlongs, selling— John
Grlgsby won, .Orla second. Royal Sterling
third. Tlme.\ 1:14. \ s
Second race, mile and ' a quarter, selling—
Elghor won, Pay the , Fiddler second. John
Bull third. Time. 2:Q9. .
Third race, three furlongs — Imp. Lady Win
kle won,- Prince Tulane second, Offset third
Time,. :36%. * •
Fourth race, one mile, handles p — Scarlet Lily
won. Silver Coin second, Reseda third. Time
l:4O. - ¦:- - - ¦•-¦'. - . '• . .. • -.--...-.-..¦¦
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Ben Hullum won,
Poyntz second, Add third. ..Time, 1:2614.
. Sixth rabe. one mile, selling — Eda Riley won
Cast Iron second, Faalwood third. ' Time, l-4l'
Baseball Umpires Are Selected.
"Jim" McDonald . and V Jack" J O'Connell
were selected by President Moran of the
California Baseball League : yesterday as
umpires for the season of 1902. This news
will be gladly received by. the many lovers
of the , national game, as - both men are
thoroughly familiar with the sport. Their
past records .will be a guarantee that this
department of the_game will be properly
administered. McDonald and t O'Connell
-will each receive , 5200 a. month for . his
services. %1^^SI^^SI^£sSKlSSK«fflj
Al Neill Wh:s on a Foul.
PORTLAND, Jan. 23.— Al Neill of San
Francisco won on a foul from'"Myiteri
ous" Billy Smith, of Portland in the tenth
round to-night of what was to have been
a twenty-round boxing contest. After
the seventh round It was Nelll'3
fight and Smith commenced to . hug
Neill and kick him with his
knee In the ninth the gongr saved Smith
from a knocliout. • When they came up
for the tenth. Smith immediately fell on
Neill, backed him against the ropes, then
kicked him with his knee and bit him on
tho shoulder. Tho referee stopped the
fight and declared Neill the winner.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 23.— Tommy Ryan
to-night wired his acceptance of a propo
sition he received to-day from Harry
Corbett, matchmaker for the Yosemite
Athletic Club of San , Francisco, to flght
the winner of the Jack Root-George Gard
ner flght, scheduled to take place January
31,' if a date satisfactory to all parties con
cerned can be arranged. •¦ Corbett proposed
that Ryan flght the winner of the Root-
Garclner match on February 2S. but Ryan
does not want to engage In such a contest
before March 15.
Automobile Club Hun.
The Automobile Club of .California will,"
if the weather permits, take Its regular
run ; to ; the . Cliff House to-night. The
monthly-meeting of members will be held
and refreshments will be • served. Tho
December, run did not take place because
the full moon i came • on Christmas evp,
and it was thought many of the automq
blllsts would be ; too busy; with, domestic
concerns to attend a club, event. The
outing will be under the management of
the committee on runs,, of which E. ,P.
Brinegar is chairman. .- ,
Bowling Tournament Games.
The schedule tournament games of the
17th inst. on. the Eugene alleys were, riot
Completed because of one of the players
being unable to remain. On Wednesday
evening Messrs. Br.sh and A- Muller and
Hinck- and Kunst met at these alleys and
played their -series of three games, with
the following results: *
Bush 143 176 14ft|Hinck .....142 126 137
A.. Muller...l45 116 133 Kunst .... .148 133 167
Totals ...288-292 282J- Totals ...200 259 304
There still ' remains' one game - to ' be
played on the Eugene alleys between W.
G. Smith and W. .Thormahlen and Hinck
and Kunst to finish the games scheduled
by the bowling association for January
17. • It will be plawd this evening at 7
o'clock. ¦ ¦• -v -.: «-¦ "¦;¦ _ , , . .} ¦
The San Francisco Bowling Association
contest to-night will be between the San
Francisco and Excelsior five-men teams
in a series of three. games on the Central
alleys. \ - ¦ . • '-'-^J- •
A delegation of citizens appeared before
the Supervisors' Police Committee yester
day to urge the passage of the proposed
ordinance which Is Intended to legalize the
selling . of pools on horse races within
track inclosures for a period not to ex
ceed sixty days in any calendar year.
The passage of the ordinance will make
possible the reopening of Ingleside race
track.
The reasons advanced by the delegation
were that large sums of money which
would otherwise be spent in* this city were
driven across the bay because Ingleslde
track was closed. It was . represented
that the interests of hay and grain men,
livery stable keepers, hotel keepers and
many other smaller artisans and smaller
business men were suffering because of
the crowds that were attracted dally
across the bay to attend the race meet
ings.
. Harry Brennan, who was the first to ad
dress the, committee, stated that he was
engaged in business which was placed at
a disadvantage because racing was pro
hibited in this city on account of the ordi
nance against poolselllng. Brennan stated
that much money was spent in Oakland
which would otherwise be spent in this
city.' Edward Lunstedt followed by mak
ing a plea that insomuch as racing Is per
mitted throughout California it should not
be stopped in this city. He explained that
the opening of Ingleslde was of vast im
portance, particularly to the people in the
central portion of the city. *
Peter Wlnegar submitted figures to show
that there was being expended monthly in
Oakland the sum of $98,000 approximately
for feed, attendants, leather goods, train
ers and shoetne, all of \ which would be
spent here If In&leside was reopened.
• After the committee had heard the argu
ments Chairman Boxton asked if there
was any one present who desired to speak
In opposition to the measure. No one re
plied and the committee proceeded to take
a vote ¦ on Its report. . Supervisor Curtis
said that he favored sending the ordinance
back to the board without recommenda
tion. ¦ • ;
- "This is a very important measure,"
said Curtis, "and I think Its merits should
be discussed fully in open board."
. Supervisor Egers favored ; that I action
betaken either for or against the ordi
nance. As Curtis and Eggers could not
agree. Chairman Boston deemed it advis
able : to. postpone action for one week,
which was done. . ... ,-.-¦:
The residents in the neighborhood of
Webster, Page and Oak streets are thor
oughly alarmed over the actions of three
footpads who are making themselves ob
noxious by holding up belated pedes
trians. Charles Oberdeener was held up
and robbed Monday night about 7 o'clock
on Webster street, between Oak and
Page, and the following night about 9
o'clock Rev. Dr. Eugene A. Avery of the
Westminster Presbyterian Church, Pags
and Webster streets, was held up. . .
There was service In the church Tues
day night and Dr. Avery was the last
one to leave, except the janitor. He had
just stepped out of the church to go to
his home at 1102 Fell street, when three
footpads approached him. The tallest of
the two ordered him to throw up bis
hands. Dr. Averse, thought for a moment
they were joking and did not comply with
the demand, when one of them struck
him on the shoulder with a piece of gas
pipe.
Dr. Avery • defended himself with his
umbrella and as there were three against
one, and the footpad was striking at him
with the piece of gaspipe, Dr. Avery
shouted for. help. His cries were heard
by Hugh Keenan, who lives on the cor
ner opposite, the church, and he threw
up the window of the room in which fca
was sitting. This frightened the footpads
and they ran down Page street.
• The police have been notified bjr the
alarmed residents, who are arming them
selves so as to be prepared for trouble,
and the footpads may get more than they
expect if they continue their work in that
neighborhood. -
in Racing- Throughout the
Middle West.
Is the Biggest Factor in Politics and
John Condon, the noted Chicago poli
tician and patron of racing, arrived here
yesterday to spend the winter. He at
once settled down in Oakland, where he
has leased a house. He is accompanied
by his wife and two children. •
Mr. Condon is the biggest factor in the
racing game inland about Chicago.' He
owns the Harlem track, has a half in
terest in the Lakeside and a -quarter in
terest in Worth. H© is also a stockholder
in the new California Jockey Club. He ia
credited with being the power which
made racing possible "in Illinois and In
diana after 'the movement which resulted
in the stoppage of the sport in 1894.
Mr. Condon, who Is 47 years of age, ia
blind; • This affliction would hardly - be
noticed by a person engaging him" in
casual conversation, as his eyes have icst
none of their luster, while he is always
animated while conversing with men.
For nearly ten years he has been the
dominating figure in - Chicago politics.
His visit is more for recreation and to es
cape the severity of the Eastern winter
than for business reasons.
JOHN CONDOM" OF CHICAGO
HEBE FOB THE WINTEB
Hold Up Rev. Dr. Avery
Just Outside His
Church.
C itizens Address Police
> Committee on the
Ordinance. .
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 23.— A. Dean Cooper,
the millionaire treasurer of the Graham
Paper Company, died to-day as the result
of an assault In which his skull was
fractured while in the cooling room of the
Vista Turkish bathhouse at Grand and
Franklin avenues last night.
William Strother, the negro attendant
at the bathhouse, is held as a prisoner
at the Dayton-street police station ' A
diamond ring valued at $1500 and a dia
mond pin worn by Cooper when he en
tered the bath were found in the base
ment of the bathhouse this morning. A
sledgehammer, bearing fresh blood stains
was also found in the basement '
Strother told the police that two women
and a man had called to see Cooper, who
was proprietor of the place, shortly after
11 o'clock last night. He said , that be
had admitted them to the cooling room
and had. returned to .the basement. He
did not know, he said, when they depart
ed. Strother also said that two colored
women— Josie Houston and Florence
There -is • no other evidence than
Strother's statement to prove the visit
of u two women and a man to the 6ath
_A few minutes after midnight Theodore
Cooper, known as "Tod" Cooper, son of
A. Dean Cooper, answered the door bell
at the. family residence, 3713 Washington
boulevard. Strother was at the door
\our .father s been * hurt," said the
Sow »' *? 6 ' ° Ve * at the ba thhousi
..Cooper hurried to the Vista block, and
"^ £?- U f "f;;™° m of the bathhouse he
found his father. . Doctors were Immp
(liately. called and the police 'notWed The
latter made an investigation and discov
ered the blood-stained hammer Youmr
Cooper told the police that thlrlng usu?
ally worn by his father was missing and
K a^pinTn^e^nfr 5gg^ "*
The physicians decided to remove the
ftlft^ jagged wound in
the skull that- were pressing . on the in
jured man's brain, .An operation T war
successfully performed, but Mr. Cooper
did not/regain consciousness '¦' <¦¦
Josie Houston, aged 26, and FloWnVe
Bank, aged^, both colored, are teldby
the police. -They were arrested as a result
of:. the statement made by Strother who
said they had- bees l with him at the baUi
rooms for. a time during the nlffht
It is knewnvthat Strother was in need
of $5000 or more to reclaim his home from
mortgage sale. Strother . says, • however,
that Cooper, had promised to save his
home for him.' ¦ ~ ' •. i --. . .
Questioned as^ to why Cooper, should
thus aid ¦ him; the negro . told a startling
story of the alleged character of "he
fited WES S ° me degree cor rob<>
-Strother stoutly maintains his v inno
cence. .
The trial of William Buckley on the
charge of murdering George W. Rice, a
non-union machinist, on October 11 last,
was resumed before a jury in Judge Law-
THUGS ATTACK
A CLERGYMAN
ASK REOPENING
OF INGLESIDE
Millionaire of St. Louis
Is Murdered for His
Jewelry.
Witnesses Swear Rice's
Murderer Wore Light
Head Covering.
LOSES HIS LIFE
IN BATHHOUSE
lor's court yesterday. The first reference
to the late strike and the fact that Rice
was known as a "scab" was made when
Walter- B. Dexter, a machinist, was
called. Dexter was a fellow workman of
Rice and he was to testify relative to a
plot in 1 which it was said Buckley was
implicated to "do up" a "scab" on the
day of the murder. The testimony was
objected to by counsel for the defendant
as being too remote and in no way perti
nent to the issue. It was decided by the
court tP .defer the hearing of Dexter's
testimony until a later period of the trial
and until Buckley's connection with the
murder had been more clearly established
by the prosecution.
Little testimony of value was adduced
by the prosecution during the day. No
one was able to identify Buckley as the
man who fired three bullets into the re
cumbent form of Rice, but all agreed that
the shooter wore a hat of a light color.
This was regarded as a very material
point for the prosecution, inasmuch as
Buckley, who ran from the scene of the
murder, wore such a hat at the time, of
his arrest. .William H. Kidd, a machinist,
saw a man with a white hat run away
from the place of the killing, at Twentieth
and Howard streets. William Spiess, con
ductor, -and Charles Angelius, motorman
of the car on which Rice rode to his
death, testified that they saw the shoot
ing, but their memories were vague and
indefinite as to the man who committed
the crime. ' - . .
During the afternoon Frank J. Keveney
swore that the man who did the shooting
wore a light hat, but ¦¦ when' Buckley's
hat was shown to him he expressed the
conviction that the hat worn by the as
sassin was of a lighter color. This was
contradicted by the testimony of Jabez
Swan Jr., who said that the murderer
wore a light brown hat.
The testimony of Edward D. Leahy, a
brass molder, who saw two men running
on Shotwell street, was to the effect that
one of the men wore a white hat, or if not
precisely that color it was in no sense
dark.
The prosecution will bring forward a
woman to-day who. it Is- claimed, will
positively I Identify Buckley as the man
who did the shooting. The case will go
on at 10 o'clock thfs morning.
Picked Five Straight Winners.
N. S. Hand, the handicapper, of 113
Stockton, gave his subscribers five, more
straight winners yesterday, which makes
a total of twenty-nine out of forty-eight
during the past eight days. . •
; Sixth race— Mountebank, " Pompino, Rose * of
Hilo. . .
Police Committee of the Supervisors
Directs Amateur Organizations
to Join Pacific Association. ?
The Supervisors' Police Committee
granted permits to, the Bay City Athletic
Club and the Yosemite Club yesterday for
amateur boxing exhibitions in January.
The.Bay City Club had been citedto ex
plain its suspension by the Pacific Asso
ciation of, the Amateur Athletic Union,
the committee holding that, under the
ordinance, any club not a member of the
association was ineligible to promote con
tests. - '
W. B. HInchman, president of the as
sociation, stated that the Bay City and
San Francisco clubs had been suspended
because they had given exhibitions with
out the sanction of the association -
W Dan Crowley and Alec Greggains testi
fied they had never received notice of sus
pensions. Several hundred members'
names had been sent to the association for
registration; -but their registration cards
had never been received. Greggains con
tended that his club had always tried to
live up to the rules of . the association
It was agreed that the clubs should con
fer with the association officers with a
view to their reinstatement. The Yo
semite Club was directed to Join the as
sociation. . •
The committee" granted the petition of
the Yosemite Club to give a professional
boxing- exhibition in February. The pe
titions of the National and Pacific Coast
clubs for the same month, were denied on
the ground that the Yosemite Club had
originally filed an application for January
but withdrew it and reflled one asking for
the February permit.
The petition of the Hayes Valley Ath
letic Club to" give a professional boxing
exhibition in March was laid over for one
week. - "
MANY ( ATHLETIC CLTJBS
IN PROFESSIONAL FIELD
To-Day's Entries.
Following: are the' entries for to-day's
events :
First race — Five furlongs; selling;- three
year-old fillies.
3150 Cathello 105 3174 Tori la .105
31OU Xonle 105 (3179)Moabina 105
BOM Phyllis l"05 (3174)Malaspina ...105
3095 Buzzer 105 3007 Winnecook ...105
Satchel 1051
Second race — One mile; .Belling; three-year
clds and upward. \
3141 Tyranus '. S7 3178 Bragg ... 96
3180 H. Thatcher.. 105 3131 The Hoodoo... i»8
3143 Onyx 107 3160 Fidel YouUn.,103
3136 Ilowaho 96 3186 The Gaffer ... 100
318S Angeleno SS 3155 Burdoc lOo
3162 Legal Maxim. SOJ 3174 Marelio 65
Third race^ — Fitzkanet, Meehanus, Sam Ful
olds and upward.
1650 Sam Ful!en...lO7| 3128 Fitzkanet 107
3178 Captivate 96 3172 Matt Hogan..l04
<3172)Meehanus .. .J I 07'(2S70)Xorford 107
Fourth race — Seven furlongs, the San Ber
nardino handicap; three-year-olds and upward.
(317S)Floronso 113 (3176) Kenil worth ..12(J
2«56 Divlna 100, 315S Colonial Girl.. 98
3184 Grnd Sachem.lOOi 3074 Greyfcld 108
Fifth rac* — One and an eighth miles, selling;
four-year-olds and upward:
3099 Cromwell .'...109 3175 Mission ..103
3184 P. Morrissey. 10.! 3153 Morinel 101
3103 Rey San Juan.103 31 7S Hungarian ...100
3117 Tam'ny Chief.104 :U53 Plead 00
3153 Billy Lyons. ..104 3142 El Mido 103
3154 Merops 103 J 3170 Siddons 107
S1S2 Herculean ... 109 '
Sixth race — Futurity course, selling; four
year-olds and upward : ¦ , ¦ . ;
3167Clarello llol 3173 Marineuse ...103
(311S)Ro6e of Hilo. 115! (3184) Pompino .117
3130 Crinkle 105 (.$180) Mountebank ..117
3093 Scally Wag. ..113 31S4 Quiz II 113
3175 Dunblane 120 24S7 Formero 117
3184 Bard Bums. . .11«! 3132 Maresa Ill
3154 Re. de Cuba.. 110
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Buzzer, FhyHis, Malasplna.
BUCKLEY'S HAT
IS IN EVIDENCE
OAKLAND RACETBACK— Thursday, Jan. 23.— Weather showery.^ Track sloppy, g
3155. FIRST RACE— Mile and 50 yards; soiling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
~~i • n i i '- : ~~~~ ¦¦•¦¦¦.¦ ' Betting.
Indcx|Horse f Age. Weight.jst. %. ' %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey." Op. Cl.
3lJil"|NllKar, 6 .vTmTllC 2 1 1 14 110 H Mrs. Jones & Co.Bullman 6-5 . ~ 1
3084 William F, 6 109 02n 2h26 2 5 John Kane. ....... .Prior 15 20
3100 Rushfields, a ....116 1 3 1% A 2 32 35 C.O Ray...... Jackson 6-2, 13-5
3150 Rim Rock, 4 107 3. 5 3 .3 1 4 3 4 15 S. J. Jones, x . . . . .Dunn t>V 5
31C8 Newsgatherer. a..lOU 4 4 % 5 10 5 15 5 15 C. P. Fink. .J Matthews 10 40
3127 Bob Palmer. 4. ..Ill 5 0 6 6 6 |T. E. JHcLaughlln.Ransml 5 6
Time V* :20: %. :50% ; ¦ %. 1 :18% : m, 1:45% ; lm 50yds. 1:48%.- Good start. Won eafslly.
Second and third driving. Winner, Mrs. P. E. Jones' b. g. , by Islington-Joy. Winner best. ,
Rushflelds ran poorly. Bob Palmer's race a peculiar one. «.
3156. .SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-blds and up; to first, $325.
r- — ; ; ; '. "j~ . • . -I Betting. ,
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Stf. Fin. | '- Owner and Jockey. j Op. Cl.
iili?" Constable. 3 .....101 "l . 4 2 4 1 1 h 1 %" Ejsell & Lazarus. Jackson '2 8-5 .
3058 Berendos, 4. 104 3 3 4 S % 2 % 2 ? 3 Uberty Stable.. See 20 8 .
3118 Hilary, 5 .107 4 5 1 5 1 3 1 3 ns Piedmont Stable.McGlnn ,12 20
H !W a S I ? I t 6 I Hi t \ w. rn /. *bS^5SSSS 'IS I
Io5S v n i??orfa-s;- 3 ::::: d I 2 % 2^6262^ !»•«•« e • 0
316S Ural *,.. 103 0-8 10 8 10 8 2 7 4 W. E Cotton. ... ..Hoar 8 15
3049 Patsy Dolan, a.. .115 2 14 1H Tl 8 15 H. Butts J-J^ 00^ « »
, 2865 The Gafflr, 4 113 7 9 9 9 9 J. H. Simpson... .Mounce 8 15 /
i Time— H :24%; %. :51Y*i &M. 1:10. Good" start. | Won first three driving. Winner, Ezell
& Laiarus' br. g by Bassetlaw-Detrix. With a better ride Berendos could have won. _ Hi
lary ran gamely. Marcato will be hard to beat next time. Patsy Dolan on "Oregon Short
liner." Scratched— Lemuel 1 M -^J^}JE22£2322^£^^
:$187. THIRD RACE — Tliree and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; to first, $325.
~~~ ' ~~, r ~ j Betting.
Index Horse and Weight St. %.\ Vt. ., Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ; Op. • Cl.
qTk7" A^trnnrisoic iTo 1 .. 11 14 v ll IBurns & Watrhs. Bullman 4-5 7-10 .
3W3 M fReinl .::::: :iO5 4 ::: \l Ii 23 B.Wi4Co..R ? ns» 7 7
S109 Jennie McGowan..lll 2 ... 34.21 3% B. Schrelber. Mounce 2 6-2
m Th<» Phantom 110 3 ..'. 2 2 4 141 Dr. RowelL.J. .Matthews 20 40
™-* Sotterel ¦ 110 5 6 55658 T H. Stevens... Jackson 10 12
... Ora vfvaV.'":":il3 I ... 3 I e W. B. Jenn»ngs.J. Woods 10 .20
Xlme—W -25«- 3%f :43%. Good start. . Won all out. Second and third driving:. Winner,
Burns & "AVaterhouse's to ¦ g. by Altamax- Duckling. Adirondack was not best. With any
sort of -a. fair ride Jennie McGowanjsoji^^v« jvoik ><: J2»^
3188. FOURTH : RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first. $325. ' '
i ! • . . ¦ . r ~~- ¦ ' ~~- Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. . %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ¦ Op. Cl.
<m« Tnhn Peters" 112 3 12 16 T~5 13 J. F. Schorr... J. Woods 8-5 8-6
3113 Oulet " 122 2 32 2 1 . 2 3 2 5 W. B. Jennings..Bullmn 2 3
: 157 Dulcimer* 107 8 4 * 6 2 3 V{ 3 3 T. H. Ryan Vickery 8 4
3174 Bendara ; 112 7 5% 7 2 4?* 4 1 J. Burrows Jackson 6 7
3150 PfiH Crimmins .112 10 82 83 5 2" 5 1 Elmwood Farm..Howson 30^ 75.
Rubino 109 6 6^ 41 62 61 Summers & Co. .Ransch 4 6
Sl"5 Ill 8 71 81 71 71 A. B. Spreckels..Mounce 10 12
31"5 The Mtmiac 109 0 10 92 84 85 John Kane Prior 20 ' 40
3125 Root Bonnerll" 109 1 2 h 3^94 0 10 P. E. Smith. .. ..Troxler « 30 75
3125 Angeleno ...... '.112 4 9 3 10 10 10 E. J. Baldwin. .Ransom 50 50
Time— U -24%- % :50; %, 1:02^4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner J F Schorr's ch?c. by Lord Esterling-Tarpela II. Peters best. Quiet all out.
DulSmer will l^rove!^S^tc^— Ma|or^^d_^ i _£ohn^IL^r^_10^
S1SO. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first, $325. ¦¦
"~-"j : ""^ '¦ BetUng. '
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2942" Muresca »» 3 1 4 11 12 12 C. Lind Redfern 1 3-5.
31M Huachuca 100 5 3 4 2 3 2 122 G. W. Bald win.. Jackson 4 3
2^70 Vasallo . 982 2h'-3C 34 34 Burns & Waterhs..Ranch 7 20
3178 100 1 4 1 4 1* -4 5 M. J. Daly...... J. Daly 4 4
31OT Strse1-er?..l*l..l 90 4 5:5 42 5 Dr. H. E. RowelI..McGln 5 20
Tlm^ 1/ -24iA' V, ¦iOK- 94. 1:15. Bad start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. .
Winner C Lind'sbr. f. by Prestonpans-Mura. Muresca best. * Huachuca did his best.
Vasallo' wlh be hard to
3100. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
— — — J i j ~ ~^~ I BettingT"
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %¦ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL .
niderot 4 114 3 3 % 4 5 3 4 l'n J. P. Atkin...:.. Mounce 5-2 9-2
ri'iT-0 Dane Maid 5... 112 6 In In .11 2 1 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 2 11-5
Bafhos 5 ... ..110 1 44 84 2n 36 J. J. Moran....... .Hoar 4 2
niCO) Lavator 6 107 S 8.6h4%41 J. C. Nealon.... Jackson ,4- 4
?1OT CTamero 6...... 107 7 72 715252 D. Cameron Bee 8 15
SS lions, ii 6 . ..107 4 54 5 1 64 65 Jones & Co J.Daly 20 75
MM Monda 6 ... ..107 0 6 »4 8 7 6 7 10 W. P. Fine McGinn 60 30 -
3137 Gibraltar, a ."..... 117 2 22 2 2 8,8 H. J. Jones. ...E. Jones 15 v 25
Tlme—w. :24; %. :48%; %. 1:16^; %, 1:29%. Poor . start. Won first three driving."
Winner J P Atkln's ch. < g. by Rousseau-La Reina. Ransch on Maid threw race away.
Bathos 'poorly" ridden. Lavator away poorly. Scratched— Captain Gaines 110. Invictus 107,
Parsifal 107. Captivate 105.
H. L.'Lewis, the new racetrack plunger,
literally made the bookmakers at Emery
ville track take in their signs yesterday.
All those who accepted bets from Riley
Grannan's successor ' quit the day loser.
Lewis won in the neighborhood' of $25,000.
On Wednesday he won' $15,000. He Is the
stiff est bettor at the racetrack and the
"bookies" dread him as they do a cross
eyed Chinaman.' . '- " " -¦¦'-'
The plunger has .been here four weeks
and declares his, winnings amount to
$67,000. He comes from New York and ac
cording to his statement has followed the
races since he wore knee breeches. He
does not trust to luck to win his bets. He
relies on his judgment, coupled with in
formation from the right source. When
he passes through the betting ring the cu
rious follow him and rely upon his Judg
ment In making their bets. He was the
cynosure of all eyes yesterday, being fol
lowed by scores of bettors who wagered
their money as he did.
Lewis won on every race but the last.
He intended to bet on My Reina in the
two-year-old event, but < changed his
mind and let It alone. She finished second.
He fcet on Dangerous Maid in -the last
event on the card. The ¦ bookmakers
thought he was going to play Bathos; and
were prepared to lay him a short orice,
but he avoided it. He lost 5500 on "Dan
gerous Maid, which finished second.
He is the coolest man in the betting
ring. If he wins he shows no emotion.
If he loses he tears his tickets with a non
chalance that is remarkable. Lewis is a
plainly dressed Individual. He is short and
has a , budding , mustache. He says he is
31 years old. - In speaking of his winnings
at the track, Lewis said:.
"When I first came out here four weeks
ago I lost $4000. Since then I have won
dbout $67,000. I have been following the
races since I was a boy. My brother and
myself ran the Manhattan Stables years
ago. We had twelve horses and Willie
Doane, who is now a valet r- to Winnie
O'Connor, used to ride for us. I own Pom
pino and 'Marlon Lynch and expect to buy
three good two-year-olds. -
"Many people called me a 'sucker' for
the first two weeks, but they have
changed their opinion. I am not betting
wildly, but on good judgment."
Tim McGrath, Tom Sharkey's old run
ning mate, is. piloting Lewis about and J.
Judge is training his horses. See, the
jockey, has signed a contract to ride for
him the balance of the season.
Lewis Is generous to the jockeys who
have ridden horses on which he has
plunged. He is said to have given Johnny
Woods $500 . for winning on Moablna . on
Wednesday and a like amount for landing
John Peters i_ first yesterday. Lewis is
modest in this. matter, saying $100 is his
limit in such cases. '
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Declares That He Has Won
Over $67,000 in a
Month.
p»ypa HE books at Oakland received a
I fearful trouncing yesterday.. Al
5 though rain fell almost Incessant
il ly. and the track resembled the
stereotyped "sea of mud," favor
ites dropped in first just as figured, with
one exception. Nearly all of the pencfl
ers quit heavy losers on the day's specu
lating.
Nothing could get within hailing dis
tance of Nilgar, the even money favor
ite for the opening mile selling run, and
with Bullman in the saddle the gelding
won by himself. William F, a 20 to 1
shot, took the place, five open lengths In
front of Rushfields.
Marcato, from the Burns & Waterhouse
stable, opened favorite for the five and a
half furlong sprint, but as it became
known he was not up to much the price
went to fours. The smart ones unload
ed on Constable, and Ezell's gelding got
home half a length before the 20 to 1
outsider Berendos. Hilary, another out
sider, ran third.
Johnny Bullman had' the mount on
Adirondack, and although It was the
youngster's second appearance within
two days he acquitted himself admirably.
A t to 10 favorite, he led all the way,
teating Mi sReina a length. Jennie Mc-
Gowan, miserably ridden by Mounce, fin
ished third. .
A five furlong sprint followed, for which
John Peters was backed on! the boards in
the betting. The colt closed an 8 to 5
favorite and was never headed, leading
out Quiet three lengths. Dulcimer, the
Ryan entry, ran third.
Lewis, the plunger, forced the price
against Muresca from 9 to 10 down to
3 to 5, and "Frisco" Lind's fast mudlark
won all the way in the fifth number.
Huachuca once. looked to have a chance,
but the first choice was only loitering,
and drawing away in the run for the wire
downed Huachuca two lengths. Vasallo
ran third.
Ransch rode a misjudged race Oa Dan
gerous Maid In the closing number, or
the mare could have scored. After mess
ing It about he was collared and beaten
out a neck by Mounce on Diderot, the
fourth choice. Bathos was third.
Bets the Bookmakers to
a Standstill at Oak-
Track Is Muddy but Favorites Take All but One Event
Adirondack Wins From fli Reina.
PLUNGER LEWIS
WINS THOUSANDS
BOOKIES GET HARD DRUBBINQ
AT THE OAKLAND RACETRACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: FRIDAY, JANXJAKY: 24^ 19O2.
7
A BIG, BUMPTIOUS BILL!
Da Coma Family; Taylor Twin Sis-
ters; Ada Axnoldson, and the Bio-
graph, showing "The Living
Flag." Last times of Kara tb.c
Great; Tliree Faust Sisters; Ar-
thur Buckner; Jacques Inaudi, and
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane.
Iies<?rv<*i Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c: Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
SPECIAL! NEXT WEEK.
Great bluLC WHlRLi
The European and Eastern Sensation.
EVERT ICIGHT. UCCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
All This Week and Next Week. •
K ; RK!i t.A SHELLE OPERA C^.
In -the Merry Musical Success. THE
PRINCESS
CH/C.
An Elaborate Opera Comique.
Next "Week— Last Nisnts of "THE PRINCESS
CHIC."
Commencing MONDAT. February 3,
VIOLA ALLEN,
And Company presenting.
"IN THE PALACE OF THE KIN'C"
Seats ready Thursday of next -week.
Extra — Matinee Recitals — Afternoons of
TUESDAY. Jan. 2S. and FRIDAY. Jan. 31.
JOSEF 5 " HOFMANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST.
ri«=erv*d Seats — $2. $1 SO, *I and 50c
Seats celling at Sherman. Clay & Co.'».
OkT^HSIATRg ? A>
BELASCO & THAU Mm.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
The Big Romantic Success,'
For the
White Rose.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
PRICES 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c
Next— COBALIE & CO., Dressmakers.
LAST TIMES— THIS WEEK.
EVERYBODY'S FAVORITE.
MB. FREDERICK WARDE
And His Own Company.
THIS EVENING— "ViRGINIUS."
MATIN'EE TO-MORROW— "THE MOUNTE-
BANK."
TO-MORRCLW (SATURDAY) NIGHT.
-TkIXG LEAR!"
Farewell Performance. - / j
SUNDAY NIGHT
/nrc. BEN HENDRICKS
In the Swedish Comedy Play.
"OLE OLSON."
SEATS READY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AKD SUNDAY. j
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
EDWIN ARDEN
In an Elaborate Production of Alexander Sal-
vini'B Original Version of
"DON C£SAR DE BAZAN."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next Week— EDWIN ARDEN in "ZORAH."
Special Engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Gardner
Crane.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
TOT SOUVENIR MATINKE on SATURDAY
AT 2 SHARP!
•«C0ME AND SEE THAT FUNNIEST OF
FELLOWS."
THE TOY MAKER
EYEKY CHELD GETS A TOY ON SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON.
I MONDAY, January 27th.
F*F£/*IVKL DANIELS'
GREATEST HIT!
"THE A/UEBR."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bueh 9.
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT. rT^TTT^ T* 16 Exciting
Saturday and tt bJ &i * n <l Powerful
Sunday B H i W2a ileiodrama,
— — - __, -_. __^ ___ PRICES.
MATINEES T7T B9 «7 Evft 1<fc *o
TO-MORROW §J B JLJt JLi 50c:
AND SUNDAY B ' H Jijk g_\i Matinees:
Next Monday — Greatest of All Melodramas
"A MAN OF MYSTERY."
CENTRAL PARK,
Market street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS.
GRAND TOURNAMENT SATURDAY. Jan.
/ 25th, for the benefit of
DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS.
CHUTES ANDZOO ¦S5WJSST"
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
eLL/\ BUR.T
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
to-morrow" night,
grand prize cakewalk. .,
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
PALACE and I
GRAND HOTELS.
On cne side of these magniflcen:
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
: newspa£>er offices, banks anfl thea- j
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parks--
pass the entrance.
American and European plans. •
RAGING
l±=^££££22*££^m r very Week Day -
HSr'- - Rain cp Shine..
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races etart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Fsrry-boats leave San Frandeco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping: at the entrance to t±i<i
trade Last two . -cars on train reserved fxr
ladles and their escorts; no snicking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. . All trains via
Oakland mole connect 'With San Pablo avenue
tlectric cars . at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains -via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ean Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes. .
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 P. xa. and Immediately after th« but
race. • - ¦¦¦- ••-• ¦ - ¦ -;-v.:F .. . . .-:•.-¦¦ .
THOMAS II. WILLIAM3 JH.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Eecy. asd Msr. ¦
AMUSELIElsTTS.
« g rr DOlfKI - Corner Fourth and
I urr KISYul w rk spWtai F *Br^
Unl L I'UlnL Steam and Lager.
Wl11 r **y lllfc - 5c. Overcoats and
valises checked free
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
OF ANATORY!
i £Z$ ICEimiETCT.tei.eiH'Ji.C.r.Cil. i
\ ry The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m -\VorJd. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V J555j33J atsea^e »o«lll»rly en»i>d byUie oldest T
Q IJjg S5jS Specialist on the Coist. Est36years. ©
w JSr 8 DR< JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ g Consultation free and strictly private. \
§ i JtXv B Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ (I W M y Positive Curt in every case undertaken. \
dm I flU Write for Book. PBILOSOPnV of A
V » n ¦ it 1 ! JUsaMGE, mailed free. (A.T
A & It- valuable boo*, for rorn) ;.- \
7 DU. JOHD AS A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. V
KELL THE DANDRUFF GERM.
Or Your Hair Will Fall Out Till You
Become Bald.
Modern science has discovered that
dandruff is caused by a germ that digs
up the scalp in scales, as it burrowfe down
to i.he roots of the hair, where it destroys
the hair's vitality, causing falling hair,
and ultimately, baldness. After Prof.
Unn'a of Hamburg, Germany, discovered
the dandruff. germ, all efforts to find a
remedy failed until the great laboratory
discovery was made which resulted In
Xewbro's Herpicide. It alone of all other
hair preparations kills the dandruff germ.
Without dandruff, hair grows luxuriantly.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect."
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TU17 f UUUUtlll ITITA^ HOW DYSPEPSIA IS C0REIX
Iflll UllDMrUli lillUl There is an almost certain cure for
1_--Li_ ' dyspepsia and other diseases of the
% stomach and organs of digestion and
And the Glum Dyspeptic. nutrition. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
. Discovery always helps and almost al-/
, . :: ways enres. In ninety-eight per cent.
The cheerful idiot 'is the individual of cases in which the "Discovery" has
who '..when he sees yon come into the been given a fair and faithful trial it has
house dripping from the storm inquires . wrought a perfect and permanent cure,
pleasantly, "Is it raining?" If you were It has cured the most severe and obsti-
¦whittling and the knife slipped and cut cate conditions of stomach trouble which
off the top of a finger he would 'say just have failed to yield to any other xnedi*
as pleasantly, w Did you cut yourself?" cine. .
It seems the chief business in the life of Mr. Ned Nelson, the Irish Comedian
the cheerful idiot to ask fool questions, .and Mimic of 577 Royden Street, Cam-
Mostly people put up with him as they den, N. J., writes: «\Ve fulfilled an
do with mosquitoes — because they can't engagement of twelve weeks and the
help themselves. But once in a while constant traveling gave me a bad touch
the cheerful idiot runs up against the of that dreaded disease called dyspepsia,
wrong man. It was that way -when the . I had tried everything possible to cure it
C L of the boarding house tackled a till last week while playing at B. F.
" • Keatli's Bijou Theatre'
\ n ¦ T^Sfakwi ____— friend of mine advised •
fill fill tf^\l \S^^^ thank God, with good
' n**hy//.L I #%liv^il' 11 II — * suffered untold agony,"
r^c ?r > *^>B^C'#^Ji^ ss<\lii v it writes Mrs. H. R. White,
r "U^ * ° f Stanstead ' Stanstead
-><^!^Jfcf?r^%&?v^t\ \\ \ \ojt y\ ¦¦ at my stomach, pain in
/ IW^^S^^ \ I/ nto m 7 stomach » and—
\ 1\ ¥|l \n^ /IfVul stating my case to them!
/ [>- U *\ \W /||V\\ an^ they very promptly
rju^^^T** X^*^~ — Vl \ I'l * v\ answered and told me
~- Golden Medical Discov-
miserable looking fellow -boarder who ery, and five vials of Dr. Pierce's Pleas-
was tortured by < dyspepsia. ."Hello ant Pellets. Thanks to Dr. Pierce and
Smiti!," he cried, yon feeling • his medicine I am a well woman to-day,
well?" And Smith growled back : "It's Dr. Pierce's medicines also cured: my
none of your business how I'm feeling." mother of liver complaint from which
. Talk about adding insult to injury ! ii she had been a sufferer for fifteen years.
What could be any worse than asking a We highly recommend these medicines
man who had suffering stamped -all over to all suffering people."
him, "Aren't you feeling well ? " Diseases which seem to be remote from -
It's rather hard for the dyspeptic to the stomach, but which originate in the
make a stranger to the disease under- "' stomach are cured through the stomach,
stand just how much suffering dyspepsia For this reason diseases of heart, lungs,
can cause. Words don't express it. liver, kidneys, and other organs are
That terrible gnawing sensation in the cured by "Golden Medical Discovery,"
stomach is past description. Even after when it has cured the disease of the
you have recited the specific aches and stomach and its associated organs of
pains there are no terms to express the digestion and nutrition,
cumulative and combined effects of them It has been a surprise to many people
all upon both mind and body. ;'••. who have taken "Golden Medical Dis-
don't cultivate dvspepsia. covery".for stomach "trouble," to find
"Am I ever going. to be well again so w WBU discovery,
that I can eat with appetite andenjoy- ' give IT to some one else.
ment?" Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
The 'one necessity to the recovery of Adviser, containing over a thousand
health is the cure of the diseases of the large pages and more than 700 illnstra-
stomach and other organs of digestion tions is sent free on receipt of stamps
and nutrition." Tablets of soda, mint, to pay expense of mailing only. If you
etc., will for the moment alter the con- don't feefthe need of this valuable med-
dition in the stomach, but they won't ' ical work yourself, why not give it 1 to
alter the condition of the stomach itself, some friend or young married couple.
These things are therefore merely pal- It is an invaluable gift, and one which
liatives. Not only do they nbt cure but will be highly appreciated by the recipi-
by affording temporary relief they lull ent. Send 31 one-cent stamps for the
the victim into a false security until he volume ha durable cloth-binding, or only
probably finds himself some day very 21 stamps for the book in paper covers,
much worse for their use. 5 Address Dr. R. V. Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO, JanT 23.— All speculative markets
were weak, but the extreme weakness was in
coarse grains, corn leading in the depression.
The initial Incentive was the extremely bear
ish talk about the bottom being out of the
Kansas' City cash market" yesterday. May
corn started %c down to %c down at 63%<9
63%c; There was an almost entire absence of
buying orders, cables were weak and reports
mentioned a corn and oats blockade of 1000
cars at Kansas City. St. Louis turned a prom
inent seller of corn and local bears started lh
to pound out the holdings of a prominent long
professional. . May broke to 62%c, but at such
a price covering . waa profitable. . , There • were
reports ' also of some corn belng^worked to
Germany and traders taking; into consideration
the small estimates of 60 cars for to-morrow
brought a half-hearted reaction. .May -sold
back-to 63%c, but closed weak, l%c lower, at
62%c. '.,-¦•-•• ¦ ' . ¦ . - ' ¦ - '
• Wheat was naturally weak on the corn de
pression, but everything else was against the
price, sentiment; news and general conditions.'
Statisticians' reports* Indicated a good • crop
condition and favorable weather. Cables were
fidgety and finally, closed lower. Foreign, re
ports forecasted, good crops In Russia and
India. Outside markets were lower at- the
start and May opened %c down at 79%c-to
79%c. When corn broke May wheat followed
and sank to 78 %c. Reports of a good export
demand caused a slight reaction, but the close
waa -weak, %@%C' lower, at 79%@79%c. ¦' ¦ ¦
In line with the stampede In corn there was
a general- selling of oats and a strong attempt
was made to raid one holder, who Is long so
much that he is supposed to control. the mar
ket. No oats came from his quarter, how
ever.' May closed weak, lc down, .at 45 Vic. 8
The early feeling lr. provisions was strong.
On the grain weakness heavy' liquidation ' of
long etuff developed ' and ¦ prices eased. . May
pork closed 20@22%c down, lard 7%c lower and
ribs 2%c down." ' ¦ ¦ -
¦ The leading futures ranged as follows :
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. — The . movement in
evaporated apples continued very light and
there was a tendency toward easier rates,
which are unchanged, ! however, for the mo
ment. "State common to good, 7@8%c; prime,
9@9%c; choice, 9%@10c; fancy, 10%@llc.
The market for California dried fruits is
without special feature. Prices generally are
pretty well held, with business fair. :
PRUNES— 3%@6%c. - ." . ¦. ¦ ¦
APRICOTS — Royal. 10@14c; Moorpark, 9%@
12%c. . • ' -
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled. 7%®
9%C
DRIED FRUITS.
T*EW YORK, Jan. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,157 barrels; exports, 4557 barrels; barely
steady but not quotably lower.
WHEAT — Receipts, 152,000 bushels; exports,
42,756 bushels; spot, easy. No. 2 red. 87%c
t. o. b. afloat; No. 2 Northern Duluth, 86V»c
f. o. b. afloat. Under a heavy pressure of liqui
dation and without support from any source,
the early wheat to-day experienced a severe
decline. It was "not until export demand de
veloped after midday that prices rallied. The
close was steady. %@%c net lower. March
closed 85%c;.May closed 84%c; July closed
84%c.
HOPS — Steady. .
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No, 7 Invoice.
6c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 7@Ilc. Futures
closed steady. Total sales, 46,250 bags, . In
cluding: March, 5.75@5.80c; July, 6.15@6.20c;
December, 6.45@6.50c. -
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, firm; No. 6 4.20c; No. 7, 4.10c; No. 8,
3.90c; No. 9. 3.85c; No. 10, 3.80c; No. 11, 3.75c;
No. 12. 3.86c; No. 13. 3.75c; No. 14. 3.75c;
standard A, 4.55c; mold A. 5.10c; cut loaf,
5.25c; powdered, 4.85c; granulated, 4.75c;
cubes. 6.00c. . .
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In ' the general
fund shows: Available cash balances, $172,
115,982; gold, $94,348,397.
Condition of the
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— Money on call was
steady at 2%@3% per cent; closed offered at -4
per cent: crime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per
cent. Sterling exchange was firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87 for demand
and at $4 85% ' for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 S5@4 88; commercial bills, $4 83%@4 84%.
Bar silver, 55%c; Mexican dollars, 44%c.
Bonds — Governments, easier; States, inactive;
railroads, Irreeular. • ¦ . •
New York Money Market.
Notwithstanding the reductions of the dis
count rate of the. Bank. of England from 4 to
3% per cent, the market was less active, with
realizing sales In home- rails, the dividends
provinc disappointing. -- • . .
The Ceylon loan was covered five times over
and the list was closed in three hours. Rio
Tintos sold at 42% on American buying, and
copper at 489i. . -
American shares were lifeless and dealers
migrated to Kaffirs. The monetary situation
was not affected by the action- in 'bank rates
and revenue collections are licking up surplus
supplies. -
NEW YORK, Jan. 23. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: ¦
London Market.
Con Cal & Va. ... 1 25 Savage 05
Dead wood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada ... 15
Horn Silver 1 50 Small Hopes ..... 38
Iron Silver ...... 60 Standard 3 40
Leadville Con ... 05
; BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — , Mining— .
Call loans ..'..2%5M% Adventure ....... 15%
Time loans 4@5% Allouez . . . . : 2%
. Bonds — : . Amalgamated ....70 >4
Atchison 4s ......102 Baltic ....:. 34%
Gas lsts 84 Bingham ...21%
Mex Cent 4s . . 82% Calumet & Hecla.590
N E G & Coke... 57% Centennial ....... 11%
' Railroads — Copper Range ... 53 .
Atchison ... f. .... 75% Franklin ......... 12,
do prefd 96% Isle Royale ...... 21
Boston & Albany. 262 Mohawk . ... ..... . «0-
Boston & Maine.. 192% Old Dominion ... 21%
Boston Elevated.. 168% Osceola .....81
N Y N H & H...210 Parrot ........... 21%
Union Pacific . . . .101 Qulncy .'. • • • .119 Vs
Miscellaneous — Santa. Fe Copper, o
Am Sugar .......125% Tamarack .. .....250_
Am Tel & Tel.... 158% Trimountaln ..... Db%
Dom Iron & Steel. 28% Trinity 14
Gen Electric 279% United States .... 14^
Mass Electric ... 34 Utah ....-22%
do prefd ....... 91 Victoria . . . ... • •• f%
N E G & Coke... 5 : Wlnona J
United Fruit 87 Wolverine 45
U S Steel 42%
do prefd 61% - '-
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 94 NY Central ... -Ig
do for acct. . .94 1-16 Norf & West 57%
Anaconda 6% do prefd j»
Atchison 77% Ont & Western... 34%
do prefd 99 Pennsylvania •••• 1 gj a ,
Bait & Ohio 104% Reading • 28%
Can Pacific ......117% do 1st prefd.... 41%
Ches & Ohio 47 do 2d prefd 32%
Chi & Gf West... 23" South Ry 33
C M & St Paul... 166% do prefd 85
D & R Grande... 43% South Pac ••,xS2?
do prefd 93%iUnion Pac, 103%
Erie 40% do prefd 91 _.
do 1st prefd.... 72% US Steel 43%
do 2d prefd 57% do prefd 96%
111 Central 142% Wabash 22%
L & Nash : 107% do prefd 43%
Mo Kan & Tex... 25% Spanish 4s 7<}i
" do prejd 53 , *;>¦-.
Bar silver,. steady ;25%d per ounce. Money,
2 per cent. - , .
The rate of discount In the open market
for short bills Is 2@2%- per cent. '
The rate of discount in the ! open market
for three months' bills Is 2%.@2 13-16 per cent.
KJ MILLSTUFFS-^-Prlces in • sacks are aa fol
lows.^f,usual discount ; to /the/ trade: Graham
Flour, ' $3 - per 100 lbs ; : Rye Flour, $2 76 ; * Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice'Flour. 1 $7;, Corn Meal,'$3 25;
extra ' cream . do, $4 ; • Oat Groats." $5 ; : Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat" Flour, "$4@4 25;, Cracked
Wheat, f 3 50; Farina, $4 50; .Whole .Wheat
FLOUR— California Family Extraa,\ $3 60®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon $2 75(33 per barrel! for family and $3@.
3 35 --¦ for • Bakers' ; . Washington .*¦ Bakers', , ¦ $3©
3 35. 's '¦'¦ '¦ '¦"¦*¦''¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦: .-¦ ¦-¦•¦ - •' - '¦*.* -¦'¦-¦¦ ¦¦
Flour and Millstuffs.
• HIDES .: AND' SKINS — Culls " and brands sell
about l%e '.under -.quotations. -Heavy salted
Steers, lie: , medium, 4 :10c;' light. 9c; Cow
Hides, - 9%c : for > heavy and 9p .• for ' light;
Stags, 7c; Salted; Kip.. 0%c; SaltedJIeal. 9%c:
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls,U4c-
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 18@18%c;' Culls- and
Brands, 16c: -' Sheepskins, shearlings.' 15@30c
each; short "Wool, ¦ 40«»60c ¦ each; j medium. 65<a
76c ; ' long Wool." SOc@$l • 10 each ; • Horse . Hides,
salt/ $2 75@3 for large and |2 60 for medium.
$1 75@2 - for small and 60c ¦ for Colts; , Horse
Hides, dry, $1:76 for large, $1 25@1 60 for me
dium, $1-25 for. small and 50c for Colts. - Deer
skins—Summer or red ekina. 35c:, fall or m«~
There is nothing new. under this head.
Hides", Tallow, Wool and Hops.
." Cash quotations • were as follows: Flour
easy; No. 3 spring wheat; 74@74%c;,No. 2 red'
83%@S4%c: No. 2 oats. 45@45^4c; No.3 white!
43@44%c; No. 2 rye. 62c; fair toTchoIce malt-
Ing barley.- 69%@63%e; flaxseed, $1 60%; No
1 northwestern. $170%; prime timothy seed,
$6 50; mess pork, per bbl, $16 05@16 10- lard
per 100 lbs, $9 20@9 25; short ribs sides (loose)'
$8 25@8 40; dry salted; shoulders (boxed), 7%
@7%c; short clearsldes (boxed). $8 70@S 80;
whlsky.'basis of high wines, $1 32; clover.con
tract grade." $9 60@9 G5. ,, : - > ,.;..,,
Articles — : I ¦.:..-¦- . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ,27,000' • 18.000
¦ Wheat, bu/ J60.000 ¦'. ' 19,000
Corn. bu. .................: 06.000 60,000
Oats, bu..... .;............ 137.000— 147,000
Rye. bu:.:... :...-.. ......... 13,000 \ . -7.000
Barley, bu. ..64.000 ¦¦;¦¦ ./'. . 20,000
r ¦ On' the Produce Exchange • to-day . the ; butter
• Total sales 396,300 • .
CLOSING BONDS. ' y
U Sounding 2s. -.-..Hocking Val 4% S .1O8
. re * 1O8%«L & Nash unl 4s 101JA
*.<> $ ou *> Mex Cent 4s". .?! 83<*
do3sreg .> 108 do 1st Inc.. 32*?
do coup 108% Minn & St L 4s 103%
do new 4s reg.,138% M K & T 4s. "^ 0g|
• do coup 139% do 2ds .. iVt
<3o old 4s reg...lll% N Y Cent lsts.'."'lO3U
do coup m£ dogen3%s....I6»V4
do 5s reg . .. 10« N J Cent g?n 5e.Il35
do coup ..107% North Pac 4s. 103 '
Atchlson gen 4s.. 103% do 3s ... 74114
» d w % di r£*r-V'£ 2% Norfft W con4s'.102U
dSSSS&i::::\% gli&SrdM SIS
Cent of Ga 5s 110% do 2ds . . . ... . 7o2
do 1st inc 78% S A & Ar Pass 4s ssi2
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7 Squth Pac 4^.. 93%
Chi & Alton 3%s. S4Vi Srfuth Ry 6s... 'liQii
C B & Q new 4s.. 05% Tex & Pac lsts I'M
C M & St P g 48.113 Tol St L & W 4s 8^14
C & NW con 7s.. 141 Union Pac 4s.... '.105 ?¦
C R I & Pac 4s... 108% do conv 4a 100
C C C & StL g 4s.lO3»», Wabash lsta . . 11S%
Chi Term 4s 89 do 2ds . .... ml'
C0I0& South 4s.. 32% do deb B '" cAv
I> & R G 4« ...... 102 West Shore 4s.v.".'ll W
Erie prior lien 4s. .05% Wheel & L E 4a -92 •!'
to gen 4s.. 85 WIs Central 4s..! i5%
Ft W & D C lsts.107% Con Tob 4s..;..." ca^
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...... 20 Little Chief 10
Alice .......... . . 45 Ontario .......... 7 7S
Brcece ....... 04% Ophir I.......... 87
Brunswick Con ::. 08 Phoenix '.04
Comstock Tunnel. 05% Potosi ............. 12
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— There was no return
of animation to the stock market to-day and
the balk of the email operations was confined
to a short list of stocks, which advanced Quite
etrongly from the influence of special causes.
Even in these the dominant professional ele
ment was evident in the selling to take profits
on the advance. There was a movement in
the Vanderbiltg which was apparently stim
ulated by assertions that part of the new stoc-k
issue of the New Tork Central was to be
eichsnged for that of Cleveland, Cincinnati.
Chicago and St. Louis, but the movement spent
I'.a force In the course of the day. St. Law
rence and Adirondack was marked up over 4
points apparently on the expectation that it
v.ould be taken over by 'the New York Cen
tral. The recent strength of the traction stocks,
led by Metropolitan Street Railway, continued
for a time to-day, but the whole group sue.
cumbed to realizing. Sugar succeeded to the
leadership of the market and late in the day
was advanced S% point* over last night's close.
An advance of ,10 points in the price of
the product and reports of an agreement at
V. ashingtcn looking to the free entry of Cuban
raw sugar were accountable for that movement.
The news that agreement has been reached
between Western railroads and packing-house
Interests to maintain rates, thus relieving the
objectionable conditions against which the in
quiry ty the Interstate Commerce Commission
Ik directed, had a stimulating effect on the
Pacifies, (grangers and Southweeterns. The
recommendation in th? commission's annual
roport in favor of' Rlloxrlng associations to
rr.aintain rates r.-as also n helpful Influence
f;r fisscclat'.on railroad etocks. Missouri Pa
cl:lc led with. a rise of over 2 point*. . Dealings
Is tin railroad list were on a small . scale.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
January . ... .... .... ; 75%
May ...'. 70% 79% 78% 79#
July 1 .. 79% 79% 78% . 79
Corn. No. 2 — ;
January •¦• 69U
May ......:.... e3% 63%. 62% > 62%
July..... 03% 63^.629? 62^
Oats. No. 2—
M»y ..:.. -. 45% 45% ¦ 44% '45%
July.... 89T1----80TS 30^ . 39%
September 83}i 33% 33 33%
Mess pork, per bbl —
January 1§ 20 IB, 20', 16 00 .16 00
May .16 50 16 60 16 15* 16 35
July ...........16 C7% 16 60 3 16 30 16 47%
• Lard. Der 100 lbs — .
January: 0 22% .... . . . . ; » 22%
May ........... 9 47% '"9 50 9 37% 9 42%
July. .....9 57% 9 60 9 47% 9 60 -
Short ribs, per 100 lbs — ¦ - ¦•¦.¦¦
January ... 8 32% '8 32% 8 30 ¦ 8 30
May ...' ....8 52% .8 60 8 47% 8 55
July ........... 8 72%, 8 72% v8-62% : 8 67%
4 COTTOLENE-^One . half-barrel. 10%c; ¦ three
half-barrels. 10c;. one tierce." 9 %'c; two tierces.
9?ic; five tierces., 9%2. per lb. . ,' >':¦" '".
CURED MEATS— Basjon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium. 13#c for light.
14%c for extra. light nnd 15c for sujrar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@13c: California
Hams, ' ll%c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 . per
barrel: - extra .Mess, Sll@ll 50; .Family, .$12©
12 50:' prime • Mess '- Pork.- $15; extra . clear.
$22 C0@23; - Mess. ¦ $18 50<g>19; Smoked - Beef,
ia\j(?14c per. pound. "•;.' - -¦"-'• • - , r
LARD— Tierces. ' quoted ; at 8%c per lb 'Jr
compound ¦: and ll%c for . pure : half barre It,
pure,: 11 %c:10-lb tins, 12 J 4c; 5-lb tlns..l2%c:
3-lb tins. 12%c. . v... . ' v -
Cutting. In Hams Is reported In this market,
and, 13c is now. the top figure for the very: best
only. ¦ It Is reported that some houses are sell-
Ing Eastern even below, 12c i Trade continues
dull. : •-' - - - ' ¦-• ¦• ;. • ..-..• .
¦ I Chicago was depressed arid lower, with heavy
selling by commission houses on stop loss or
ders, j Hogs were In large and Increasing, re
celpt.'and Improving. in quality. . ~ r. ¦
Provisions.
Board — - .
1000 Cala-Standard , 30
350 Four. .................... . 52 f.
1B0 Four ...;.. 51
1 Hanford 89 00
COO Monarch of Arizona 20
400 Monarch of Arizona 21
100 Monte Crlsto 150
1000 Petroleum Center <b 90) 07
2000 Petroleum Center 06
Street — ¦ ¦
1000 Reed Crude 59
• - Afternoon Session. '
Board—
P.0 Home 8 60
350 Home ...; ' :..... "3 65
600 Oil City Petroleum «O ¦
BOO Oil City Petroleum. (t> 9O>.. 21
- 60 Peerless • 6 12U
- . 60 Peerless (b 90) I g
700 Sterling ••/• 115
700 Sterling " (b 90) ... .............. 1 20
•_ .. , -.MINING , STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
¦ Morning Session^ -
500 Chollar :. 12 400 Ophir .... en
- 100 C C & Va 1 S5 800 Potosi . . . . li
1600 C C & Va....l 30 200 Savage .....* 05
200 Gould & Cur. 0G -
Afternoon Session. '
300 Best & Bel:.;' .15 200 Ophir V35
700 Mexican ....'.' 35 200 Savage ;...".. ' 07
¦ The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
; - : -. ' . Morning Session.
, 800 Best & Bel. . . 12t 600 Ophtr si
¦800 Best & Bel... 14-200 Ophir ...."" «3
1700 Chollar ¦'. ..... h. 12 1 r 400 Potosl r 13
i 200 C C & Va.V..l 30 j 200 Savage ..'.*.".• 05
200 Crown Point." 07 : 700 Union Con ' 13
_400 Hale & Nor.;: 331. • ?:'.'% _ ~
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unset
tled weather Friday, with showers; fresh
southerly winflr.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Cloudy unsettled weath
er Friday, with rain; brisk southerly winds.
Nevada — Srow Friday; . brisk northwest
winds. ' •
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Friday, with showers; fresh southeast wind.
Enow Is beginning to fall in the Sierra. No
rain has fallen in Washington and Northern
Oregon.. . '¦
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight January 24:
The first well marked southeaster of the sea-
Fon :.8ince December 6 appeared Thursday
morning off the coast 'of Northern California.
The .storm ie now moving slowly southward
end will probably cover Southern California
£nd Southern Nevada Friday. Ilig-h southeast
vinds ere reported off shore.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature at 7 a. m., 49 degrees.
FRUITS— Apricotfl, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13o for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7%@8%c; sun-dried. 4@4%c;
Peaches, 6@7%c; Pears, 4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted. 4@5%c; unpltted, l@2c;- Nectarines, 6@
5%c for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 4c
for black and 60@75c per box for white.
PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6@6%c; 40-50's, 4%@5%c; 60-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's. 3%@4%c; 70-80's, 3V4@3%c;
SO-OO's, 2%@3V4c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box>: Clusters:
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 BO; fancy, $175; 4
crown, $1 60; London .. Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown-, 6%c; three
crown, 5% c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 5c; , Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c. Bleached ' Sultanas — Fancy,
8%c; choioe, 7%c: standard. 6%c: prime, 5%c;
unbleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
— Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. - Fancy seeded: 7c;
choice seeded, ¦ 6%c;~ do, In bulk, fancy, 6%c;
choice, 6% c per lb. •,."'¦
NUTS — Chestnuts. ll@12e; Walnuts, : No. ' 1
softshell. OHc; No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c; .'Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell, 0@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, C@7c for Eastern; 'Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanvts,' $3 60@5. " .-¦.•••.
HONE5T— Comb, 12@13o for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water; white extracted,
5<g>6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c .'
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per. lb. — .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
-Informal ¦ Session— 9:15 o'clock — May— 2000
ctls,: 82c; 4000. 82%c; 2000, 82%c; 6000. ;83c;
6000, 82%C. ¦>¦ ¦-.-, :•¦:,- . - - .
Second Session — No sales. -
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
81%c;.4000, 81%c; 6000, 81%c/
Afternoon Session — May — 10.000 ctls, _81c;
4000. 80%c; 2000, 80%c; . 4000, 81 %c.
U OATS—^Chicago was very , weak ¦ with heavy
liquidation. , This ¦ market: was inactive, -. but
firmly held "at previous prices. < ' ' •". -
Grays. $l-20@l'27%; whites, $1 20(31 40;
Surprise. U 40@l 42%; .black, $1 10@l 20 for
feed and $1 20@l SO for seed; red, 1 $1 2501 35
per ctl for feed and $1 32%@1 40 for, seed. : '
• CORN — Chicago declined -2c.': but recovered
slightlyi toward the ¦: close. .'.- The feeling waa
weak and the market was without support.
Offerings were larger and U the demand ; was
poor.' . Kansas City sent in a similar report. -
In this 'market large >¦ yellow -was firmer,
while small round ... yellow ; - and white :were
weaker. -Offerings .of A the two latter descrip
tions were considerably larger, especially ' from
the country. ,-.'*: ¦ ¦¦'. ¦¦.-..,. ' -. /
', Large .yellow, '. $1 37% @1 45; small round
do $150: white. $1 30@l 40 per ctl.. '
• RYE^ — Continues firm at 85@90c per ctl. ¦
. . ' BUCKWHEAT-^-Quoted at $165 per ctL ¦
CALL BOARD SALES,
' Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 16,000
ctls. $.1 08% : : 8000. $1 08%.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls,' $1 08%;.De
cember — 2000. $109; 10,000. $1 09%.
Regular f Morning 5 Session — December— 2000
"ctlB. $1 00%; May— 2000, $1 08%; 2000, $1 08%.'
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, (1 08%;
COOO, $1 O8V4- •' ¦ ' ¦<•-
- BARLEY— The rain . broke futures 2%c. and
the spot . -market was also weak, but quota
tions showed no decline. \ Business, however,
was very quiet. v
Feed, 85@86i4c for choice bright, 82%@83%c
for No.»l and 80c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 87%@90c; Chevalier, S5c@$l
per ctl. .. ' -• «•» "•;.,- i
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT — The foreign markets, were weak.
Broomhall reported renewed liquidation at
Liverpool.- ' - • j
Chicago declined from 79%c to 78%c, but re
covered to 7914c. - The -weak openlngr was due
to disappointing cables, weakness of coarse
grains and the heavy selling of local traders.
Later on the recovery "was due to good export
sales at the seaboard and reports of insufficient
moisture in the Southwest.' ¦ ...
Wires from Chicago to Bolton, De Ruyter
& Co. said: "There was heavy liquidation In
Wheat and Oats, the Southwest selling heav
ily. The Cincinnati Price Current reported ttfe
condition of the winter Wheat crop fair, but
the : Southwest sent in j contrary advices. Ok-"
lahoma wired that there had been no moisture
since October and the damage to Wheat, was
at least . 60 per cent. - Texas -wired that | the
State needed • water badly, the cattle • dying on
the ranges, which were devoid of both water
and grass. -New York reported .good < foreign
and milling purchases, 50 loads being taken
for "export." .. . '
- This market was about 2o lower on call,
but unchanged on spot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@l 08%; mill
ing, $1 10@l 12% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
There were slight fluctuations in Silver and
Sterling Exchange. . . " v
Sterling Exchange, 60 days j — ¦ . $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 87%
Sterling Cables ; . . — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce '. . . 1 — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 1 . 45--, @ 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
THE COAST RECORD.
PEARS — Winter kinds, 75c@$2 60 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 25
for standards, $1 50@l 75 for choice. and $2®
2 50 for fancy: Seedlings, 30@75c; Tangerines,
nominal;. Mediterranean Sweets, -75c@$l 25;
Lemons. 60c@$l for : common- and , $ 1@1 50 for
good to choice and' $lf75<§2 25 for ! fancy;
Grape Fruit, $1@2; 'Mexican -Limes, $6@0 50;
Bananas, $1 75@2 75 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$3@4 per dozen.
APPLES— $1 50@2 per box • for extra, 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 2fi@60c lor or
dinary. • : \ - > . - - • . '
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Large sizes of Oranges are ' meeting with
steady Inquiry under- strong demand for ship
ment to Honolulu. Seedlings and Small Navels
are In ample supply and weak. Three cars of
Navels 1 will be auctioned to-day.
Lemons are moving slowly at lower prices.
. Fancy Apples are scarce and meet with ready
sale at good prices.' but poor grades are plen
tifuland weak.- There 'is very little inquiry
for Pears, I but fancy stock is scarce.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PSAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 23—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty
four hours:
~ . Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka. 0.60 16.77 30.41
Red Bluff 0.54 11.36 15.41
Sacramento 0.28 6.85 11.32
San Francisco O.34 6.94 13.01
Fresno 0.00 3.26. 7.22
Independence. .'. 0.00- 1.39 5.12
San Luis Obiepo Trace 5.38 21.09
Los Angeles 0.00 2.71 , 8.23
San Diego 0.00 1-25 3.19
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
53: minimum, 44; mean, 48.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 48-30 Omaha 30-24
Cincinnati 34-30 Duluth 32-22
,• Philadelphia 40-34 Chicago 32-22
New Tork. 48-34 St. Louis 36-2S
Kansas City 36-24 Salt Lake City... 36-24
Jacksonville 54-34 Washington 36-28
STOCK MARKET.
. Aside from some selling of California Wine
in the afternoon at $96@95 60 there was noth
ing new ' in local stocks and bonds, business
being light all day. The oil stocks were equally
dull.
STOCK ANT> BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 23—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I ... Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill 113 '4s Qr c (new)139% —
4s qr reg 111%112?4 3s ar coup.. 108%, —
* -. MISCELLANEOUS ' BONDS. ' *
Ala A W" Co — — Oceanic 5s...l02%103
Bay CPC 6s.lOS9ilO9% Ombua C 6s.l30% —
Cal-st 5s.... 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 lOOVi
CC Wat 6s. — — Pk&C H 6s. 105 —
Ed L&P 6s. • — — Pk&O R 6s.ll7 120
Fer&C H 6s.l20 — Pwl-st R 6s. 119% —
Geary-st 5s. — ' — Sac EGR 5s. 95% —
H'C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5S. 122&123
Do 5s — 99% Sierra Cal 6s — —
L Ang R 53.120 — S P of Ar 6a
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) 111% —
Do Ktrt 6s. — — (1910) 112%113
Do eta 6s.lO3% — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 6S.100 — . (19051Sr A.108%108Ts
Do lem 6s.l0l 103 :(1905)Sr B.lO&Vi —
Mkt-st C'63.125 — (1906) 111 —
Do lem 5s. — 122 (1912) 121 —
N R C 6s... 110% — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s 121% — c *ntd 6a.llO —
N Pac C 6s.l05%107% S P BrCal6s.l37 —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S' V Wat 6s.ll2% —
Oak Gas 6s. 114 — ' Do 4s 103 —
Oak Trn 6s. 121% — Do4s 3d m.101%102
Do 1st c5s.l09i4110M Stktn Gas 6slO2% —
Oak W g 5s. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74% — [Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co 69 — I Spring Val.. 85 85#
.GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2% Pac Light... — 62%
Eqt G L Co. 3 Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — 5 SFG-&E..41 41%
O G Li & H. 51% 62 San Fran 6U 5-;i
Pac Gas Imp — 40% Stktn G & E. 8 —
. . INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 275 ' I
BANKS.
Anglc^Cal ..79 81 |L P & A... .166 169
California. ..417 — iMer Ex (llq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.112%115 S F Nationl.137% — I
First Natnl..325 350 |
SAVING BANKS.
German ...1930 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sv.. 305 350
Mutual Sav. 66 — Union Trst.. — : 2200
8. F Sav U..612% —
' .. STREET RAILROADS.
California ..157%175 Market ..... 91 03 .
Geary -*- 60 Presidio ....37% —
POWDER.
Giant 78% 80%|Vigorlt — - 4%
• ... .... SUGAR.
Hani ..-2 — .KUauea .... 9% —
Hawaiian ..34 — Makaweli .. 25% 26
Honokaa .... 10% — Onomea .....23 —
Hutchinson . 13%a4 Paauhau .... 10% —
•. ; . -MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.160 162% Pac A F A. . 3 3%
Cal Fruit As 97 98 jPao C Bor.,165 —
Cal Wine As 95% 96 |Par Paint... 15 —
Oceanic S Co 40% 45 I
' Morning Session.
Board —
; 60 Hutchinson S P Co 13 50
35 Makaweli .......... ............ 25 75
{5000 Market St R R con S per cent.. 121 75
$2000 Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. 122 00
¦ 10 Onomea Sugar Co 23 25
"15 Spring Valley Water ....;... 85 25
- -Afternoon Session.
Board —
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per ct.109 60
10 California Wine Association 96 CO
.25 California Wine Association..... 95 75
40 California Wine \ Association ..... 95 60
6 Contra Costa Water 75 00
20 Hutchinson S P Co 13 75
'60 Makaweli 25 75
' 6 Oceanic S S Co.'.................. 41 00
$5000 Oceanic S S bonds, r 102 SO
.- 75 Onomea Sugar Co 23 00
rf EGGS — Ranch, 21c for selected large and
20c for tood to choice; store, 18@19o per
dczen.
CHEESE— New, ll@U%c; ¦ old, 10@10%c;
Young. America, 12@13c; Eastern. 13@15c per
pound. - . . ...--..- .
BUTTER — Creamery, 25@26c per lb for
fancy. 24c for firsts and 22@23c for seconds;
dairy. 17%@22c; store Butter, ' 14@16c . per lb;
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg,
16@18c per lb. . ' ....
Receipts were 31,700 . pounds. IS tubs and
cubes of Butter,' pounds of Eastern But
ter, 791 cases of Eggs, .cases of Eastern
Eggs, 20,150 pounds of California Cheese,"
pounds of Oregon Cheese and ¦ pounds of
Eastern Cheese. , - \
Business was slack all around yesterday. The
heavy storm in the forenoon checked trade con
siderably, and the large- offerings of Eggs en
hanced the weakness: Dealers say that both
Butter and Eggs must go lower .before any
shipping trade • can be developed, . and without
It stocks will continue to accumulate. There
was no. further decline in anything," however,
but the feeling was depressed all around. :
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 23.
Flour, qr sks... 15,069 Hay, tons...... 302
Wheat, ctls 510 Leather, rolls...- , 126
Barley, ctls 1,475 Tallow, ctls 236
Oats, ctls....... 85 Sugar, ctls 1,358
Beans, sks 637 Chicory, bbls... 25
Potatoes, sks... 2,020 Lime, bbls 486
Onions, sks 120 Paper, reams... 100
Bran, sks 1,305 Hides. No 177
Middlings, sks., 160 Pelts, bdls 145
Straw, tons.....' 5 Qulcksll, flsks.. 225
Wine, gals...... 78.550
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks... 601/ ll'J '
"Improved Inquiry from interior markets has
Induced a stronger feeling among holders of
spot currants, and while no advance at the
moment Is noted the situation presents strons
features portending higher values on the finer
sorts. Wires received to-day from Interior
jobbers contain inquiries for considerable round
lots, both for 6pot and to &rri\-e, and while no
important transactions have culminated go far
as can be learned, there is no disposition
6hown to meet buyers' ideas below the quo
tations. In raisins at the moment California
loose and seeded show a fair interest, with
phces firm. We can hear of no sellers of
seeded under Sc for choice and 8V«c for fancy.
Some holders ask up to 8%c for fancy in car
tons. We hear of no' large purchases on the
spot, the late speculative buying having had
a tendency to induce caution among sellers.
Stocks here are believed to be largely con
centrated. Coast advices indicate that the
differences between the Big Five and the as
sociation are etill unsettled, but it is inti
mated in a private wire that the Big Five
price will be 7%c for choice and Sc for fancy
in cartons f. o. b. In imported Valencia layer
raisins the market is firm at 7%c. with some
holders quoting 7%c. Cost to lay down is said
to be around the latter figure for further Im
ports. Sultana raisins show steadiness. In
prunes the feeling continues firm on the Bpot,
with a moderate jobbing Interest. Coast ad
vices report the market firm but unchanged at
the 3%c four-eize basis on new Santa Clara*.
Oregon prunes are steady. Apricots and
peaches are firmly held, the market showing
etrongw tone. In figs we note sales of around
1200 bags on the spot at full prices. Some
fcueiness is doing in cases within the quoted
frange." .
Mail advices from New Tork say
Dried Fruits in New York.
The London Grocers' Gazette of January 4
cays of salmon and fruits:
Salmon— The market has opened wltn, a fair
amount, of animation, and a good buslnes is
locked forward to during the coming 6eason.
Values are steady.
Fruits — In Californlan fruits, according to
a circular issued by Messrs. Anderson and
Ccltman. there is a very striking deficiency in
the shipments this season to this countiv. the
total quantity now on the water being only
about 121.000 cases. a.e* compared with 190L.
€90,000 cases, and 1900. 6S0.O0O cases; and of
these 131 000 cases now on the way, . a con
siderable proportion will be of special brands
and grades.
Fruits and Salmon in London.
i NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— ' Sales. High. Low. Close..
Atchison 17.900 7«% '75% 75%
Atchison pfd ..'.„. 1.900 96% 96Vi 96%
Bait & Ohio 2,300 102?i 102 102%
, Bait & Ohio pfd. 98
Canadian Pacific... 600 114% 114% 114%
Canada Southern., . 1,600 85% 86% 86%
Ches & Ohio.. 1.000 40% 46Vi 46%
Chicago & Alton... 600 34% 34 34 id
Chic & Alton pfd .... 74'
Chic Ind & L 600 52 51 'A 52-
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 200 76^ 76 76'
Chic & East 111.... 1,000 136% 136 136%
Chic Great West.. 900 22 "4 22% 22%
Chic G West A pfd .... . * 83%
Chic G West B pfd 200 43% 43% 4ZM,
Chic & NW 3,200 215% 213% 2131,4
Chic R I & Pac 2,700 157 155 155V*
Chic Ter & Trans *. 171.4
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 32%
C C C St L 4,000 98% 97 97%
Colo Southern 700 14% -14% 14%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... ' 100 61 61 coil
Colo Sou 2d pfd 28%
Del & Hudson 400 174 173 174
Del Lack & West. 300 272% 272 270'
Denver & Rio G.. 500 43% 43 42%
D_& R G pfd 1.000 91% 90% »l£
£rfe - 9.500 39% 39% 39%
Erie 1st pfd 4,300 71% 70% 70%
Erie 2d pfd 600 56% 55% 56%
Great Northern pfd 4,400 185 185 184%
Hocking Valley ... 200 69% 69 69%
Hocking Val pfd... 300 82% 82% 82%
Illinois Central COO 139 138% 130%
Iowa Central . 600 38% 37% 38%
Iowa Central pfd... . 100 71% 71% 71%
Lake Erie & West. 200 68 67% C7
Lake Erie & W pfd 107
Louis & Nash 7.300 105T* 105% 105?4
Manhattan L...... 18.300 137% 135% 135
Met St Ry 46.800 173 170% 171
Mexican Central... 4,400 28% 28Vi 28%
Mexican National.. 7,800 15% 15% 15%
Minn & St L 105%
Missouri Pacific ... 19,300 102% lOOVi 102%
Mo Kans & Tex * 24%
Mo Kans & Tex pfd 200 52% 52% 52%
N J Central • 185%
N Y Central 3.300 161% 160% 161
Norfolk & West 300 66 56. 56
Norfolk & West pfd 100 . 92 ; 92 91%
Ontario & West... 31.400 33% 33# 33%
Pennsylvania 7,200 149% 148% 149%
Reading 36,100 56% 56i| 56%
Reading 1st pfd 900 82 81% 81%
Reading 2d pfd 2,300 63% 63 63%
S L & S F let pfd .. R2
S L & S F 2d pfd.. 1,200 75 74% 74%
St L Southwestern. 400 26% 26% 2G%
St L SW pfd 2,700 60 '69 09%
ft Paul 21.100 163% 162 163
St Paul pfd ...- 187
Southern Pacific ... 6,300 59% 58% 09W
Southern Ry 2,000 32% 32% 32%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1,100 92% 92% 92%
Texas & Pacific... 400 38 38 38%
union" asss-tfi:: "i! 00 101% 10 °* l g»
Wabash 3,400 22% 22% 22U
Wabash pfd 4,300 42 41% ' 41%
Wheeling & L Erie * u2
W &.L E 2d pfd.. . 29*
Wisconsin Central. 600 20% 20 * 19«
Wis Central pfd... 700 40% 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams <«*
American.... ill
w^Fa^ 68 .//.-.: .. 10 ° l64 * jg* >8
Miscellaneous — *"" "V
Amalg Copper 17,300 70% 69«i 70Vi
Amer Car & Fndry . 500 .. 29% 29% 29%
Am Car & Fdry pfd 200 80 85% 85%
Amer Linseed Oil.. 7t ?r %
Am Linseed Oil pfd 40
Am.Smeltg & Ref g , 1,200 :40% . 46%. WV.
Am Smtgr & Ref pfd 1.1O0 97% 97 97 *
Anaconda Min Co.' 2.200 31% 31 31 at
!oT k^ n e, R & aP i r d O n Tr : 1 ?' 3 °° . 67% «* \ Jj|l
S^Sacco??!:: 2iY * ™* gj
efSful^?::: i, 4 2^ 2 i^ 2 li^ *$%
Hocking Coal 100 15 I5** 14S
International Paper 1,100 20 20 10S
Inter Paper pfd... 200 76% 75% 75
Internat Power • rt
Laclede Gas " •••• °*
%8BS&-£3&£ . 10 °. a% ' 4i *--«»
National Salt i«
National Salt pfd ' ™ v
North American... 100 89 89 " so
Pacific Coast ..... 0J Sou
Pacific Mail 100 46" «" 46
People's Gas 1,000 100% 100% 100*4
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 40 SOtZ in
Press Steel Car pfd 1.000 84% . 84^ 84
Pullman Palace Car zhn
Republic Steel 600 16% ieU iqu
Republic Steel pfd. 300 68% 68% -682
Sugar 64,700. 125% 122^ 125^
Tenn Coal & Iron..' 1.400. 63% 62% 62%
Union Bag & Paper .. jq 7 *
Union Bag & P pfd 100 74 74* ' 72«
U S Leather ... 200 HU ¦' liai \irj
U S Rubber pfd... ..... "" in
U S Steel 3.100 42% 42?4 42K
US Steel pfd 6.400 94^ ©I|| g»
Weetern Union.... 300 01% 91 C0«
Amer Locomotive.. 1,400 - 31% 31 ti siS
Amer Loco pfd.... - 300 91$ 91^ 91%
however. Amalgamated Copper showed some
strength on the growth of foreign demand for
raw copper. There are^ growing symptoms of
a plethora of money at all of the great centers
of capital. To-day's* reduction In the Bank
of England's discount rate was contrary to
expectation as large collections of taxes were
expected to deplete the London money market
at this time and it was thought to be necessary
to keep up the money rate in order to prevent
withdrawals of French capital. To-day's state
ment of the Bank of France shows such an ac
cumulation there as. to offer little Inducement
to call home capital, but Berlin seems the
center of greatest redundancy, as is shown by
the fact that Berlin has been buying bills in
the London money market and easing the dis
count rate, there, while in the very act of
subscribing sixty times over for the proffered
Government loans of $75,000,000, all of which
has not prevented a -decline In discount • rates
at that center. There is a continued accumu
lation of money in New York also, but with
out the stimulating: effect on speculation which
is manifest at other great money centers. A
remarkable development in the situation here
is the fact that very large time loans running
into the millions of dollars are being nego
tiated at interior domestic pqints for New York
account.
There was continued activity among usually
quiet bonds and some striking gains were re
corded, but the market generally was Irregular.
Total sales, par value, $2,445,000.
United States new 4s (coupon) declined %
per cent on the last caJL
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare. $1 25;
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard. $2@3 ; Canvasback. $2@3 60; Sprig,
$1 25@2; Teal, $1@1 25; Widgeon. 75c@$l;
Small Ducks, 75c@$l; Black Jack, $1; English
Snipe. $2 50: Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese.
$3; White Geese, $1 25@1 50; Brant, $1 50@2
per dozen; Honkers, $3®4 50.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair.- $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$2@2 25: Ducks, $4®3 for old and $6®7 for
young; Hens, $4@4 50; young Roosters. $4 50®
6; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4@5; Broil
ers, $4@5 for large and $3@3 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 CO per dozen for old and $2 50®
2 75 for Squabs.
¦¦ There is nothing new to report in Game.
Ninety-four sacks came in. . ¦ •
Receipts. of local Poultry were. light and good
stock sold well at previous prices, but second
class stock Is dragging. One car of Eastern
came in, making 6 thus far for the week. Re
ceipts of Dressed -Turkeys were 57 cases, which
Is more than enough for the present daily re
quirements. Some extra fancy stock brought
as high as 18c ¦',
Poultry and Game. %
• VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles.. 6@8c ; String Beans from Los Angeles.
15@25c; Cabbage, 40® 50c per ctl; Los An
geles-Tomatoes, $1 50@2 per box . and
per crate; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c per lb;
Los-Angeles do, 16@18c; Dried.'Okra, 12^®
15c -per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1@1 25 per dozen for large and
50@75c for small; Garlic, l*4@2Vic; Los An
geles Green Peppers; 25c; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles- 20@25c; Summer Squash from Los
Angeles> $1 25@1 75; Marrowfat" Squash, $8@10
per . ton: I Hubbard Squash, ; $8@1O; Mushrooms
nominal. ¦ , - • ¦ - • *
'. Receipts of Potatoes are light at present
and-; prices are. well sustained under a strong
local demand. |j| Seed Potatoes were In demand
owing to the rain and Early Rose made a sharp
advance. I One car of Sweets came In. Onions
are plentiful and the quotations are unchanged.'
Receipts of Los 'Angeles Vegetables were
hardly sufficient for local requirements and all
descriptions • cleaned • up readily. : Peas,- Beans
and Tomatoes were higher. ,
' POTATOES — $1@1 30 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 50@l 75; Ore
gon Burbanks, -$1-25@1 65; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, .-$1 40@l'50;' River Reds, $1 50@l 60-
Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l (50; Sweets, $1 25
for Merced. -'.'•.• ' ' . •< .
ONIONS— -t>regons ; $1 75@2; Green Onions,
40©60c per box.- ; - ¦ , ¦ • ¦ ' ' . . '.¦¦-.¦
Potatoes, Onionsand Vegetables.
CANNED ASPARAGUS— The Fruit Canners'
Association reports that It has already sold
more asparagus than last year, and with fa
vorable conditions the general Increase will
average about 15 per cent; It is expected that
the entire pack will be disposed of within a few
days.. . . .
TURPENTINE— SU11 higher at 67c per gal
lon in cases and 61c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c: Candy Granulated, 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners" A, 4.80c;
Fruit* Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c: Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes. 5.55c per lb.
COAL OIL, — Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star,' 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21VJc; Benzine, In bulk, 14c; in cases,
20Vig; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
ca?es. 20^c. - '' "¦¦
OIL— Calif ornla Oil, in cases, No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels,
boiled, 74c: raw, 72c: cases, 5c more: Lucol.
64c for boiled and 62c for raw, in barrels;
Lard OH, extra winter strained, barrels, 90c;
cases. 95c; China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon;
pure Neat afoot, in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c;
Srerm, pure, 65c; Whale Oil, natural white,
40@50c per gallon; Fish OH, barrels. 37^4 c:
cases, 42%c; Cocoanut OH, barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and 68%c.for Australian. . .
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%©8c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; SouthfleW
Wellington. $9: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 60;
Coos Bay, $3 50:' Wallsend. $8 60; Co-operatlv»
Wallsend, $8 60; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and
$13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$15; Welsh Anthracite, $14; Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 43 per
2000 lbs and SS 50 .per ton. according to brand.
General Merdiandise.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 85@3; [ Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 60; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Canar>'
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from : Utah
8%c: Rape, lU@l%c; Hemp, 3V6c per lb.
¦ DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 25@1 . 65; Green
$125@1 50 per cU. ..
Reds, Pinks, Bayos" and -the "white descrip
tions are lower and , weak at . the decline.
There are a good many. damaged small whites
offering. The other kinds stand about the
same. The demand "la very slack. : ¦:<•¦' .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 45: Small White.
$2 6O@3 05; Large White. $2 75@3; Pea, $3 50
@4;.Plnk. $1 75@2 05; Red. $2 25@2 60; Black
eye. $3 60@3 65: Limas. $4 40@4 60; Red Kid
neys, $3 60@3 75 per ctl. '
Beans and Seeds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Some changes in Silver and Exchange. '
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Corn unsettled and iluctuating. Oats and Rye unchanged.
Bran and Middlings weak. No change in Hay.
Beans weak, with a decline in most kinds.
Butter. Eggs and Cheese as before quoted. > .
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions weak -and quiet, both here and at' Chicago.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before.
Hogs weak and slightly lower. Other Meats unchanged.
Another advance in Turpentine. ;
Oranges wanted for the islands. Apples higher.
Potatoes going up again. Onions unchanged. , . •<, .
Poultry and Game about as before quoted. .
Local stocks and bonds featureless.
Wall street stocks generally higher.
The expected decline In Hogs has occurred,
but It: is slight. Tlie market Is heavy and
weak, however, with more coming In than the
trade want. Other meats are aa previously
quoted. ¦ ¦ • -
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: "'
BEEF — 7@7%o for Steers and 6@«c per.lb
°VEAL^-Large. 7%©9c; small. 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@S%c; Ewes. 7%@8c
Pe LAMB— Yearlings. 9@9%c per lb;- Spring
Lamb, lie per lb. • • '
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs 5%@
6c; under 150 lbs; 5^®5%c; soft hogs. 5@5V4c;
sows. 20 per cent off; boars." 30 per cent off.
and stags. 40 per cent off from the. above quo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
San Francisco . Meat Market.
[ ' Bran and Middlings were weak, owing chiefly
to the rain.' Hay was also easy, but holders
were not disposed to make any concessions,
arid as receipts' were light they kept prices up
without difficulty. Nevada has lately bought
freely in the interior and Texas is also send
ing in' inquiries for -Alfalfa. >.
BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton.
\ FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $18@18 80 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27028; job
bing, $28 50029; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@31 60; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32-
Mixed Feed. $1G 50@17 50. «
:. HAY — Wheat, $9012; fancy, $12 50@13-
Wheat: and Oat. $9@12 50; Oat. $8 50@ll 50;
Barley and Oat, $S<gplO; Alfalfa. $8&10; Clover
S6 50@7 50: Volunteer, $6@S 50; Stock, $C®
7 60 per ton. . " ¦-..:-
STRAW — 30@47%o per bale. •
Hay and Feedstuff s.
dlum skins, 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, . 75c; large, ana
smooth, 50c;. medium, '35c. *
TALLOW— Na 1 . rendered. 5%®6c per.lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c;. grease, 2%@3c. • --¦*:'<
WOOL— Fall. San Joaquln. C@3c; San Joa
quln Lambs 1 ; 7%@8%c; Middle County. 8@10c
per.lb; Valley Oregon, spring. 15@15&c; do.
fall, 14@15c per lb. , - t _
HOPS — 9® 10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment. ?¦,*!• ¦*¦ v >
market was steady;, creams 15@23%c; dairies,
14@20c. ••; Cheese, steady; -". 10@10%c. Eggs,
steady; -fresh. 23@23 Kc * ¦• ; .
Foreign Futures.
„.. ¦/. V.--'- LIVERPOOL. - :¦ '¦:
•Wheat — . ., - • March. May.
Opening ..................... 6 1% 6 2
Closing .............. ¦ '6 1% 62
Opening .............. 27 65 .28 55
Closing 27 55 28 45
PARIS. . ¦ :
Wheat — ' ¦ ¦- . Jan. ; Mar. -June.
Opening ....'...'...... ' 21 60 - 22 65
Closing ; 21 50' " 22 60 -,
¦ Flour— .-.../ ...-." ' .;
New York Metal Market.
• NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— All of the metal
markets held steady, with ' some advances.
Spot tin sold at $23 87% and closed with $23 76
bid and $2 i asked. The London . market was
also higrher, closing atilOsnet gain,' with spot
at £106 and futures at : £103 15s.- ¦ •
Copper remained about steady here, while at
London an advance of. 12s Cd was established.
Thus spot closed at £48 12s 6d -and futures
closed at £48 15s. • The closing prices here for
copper were lie, for. lake, 10%c for electrolytic
and 10%c for casting.. ; . ¦ .. " ' , • '
Lead . was steady but unchanged here, ¦ with
4c quoted as the trading price. -' An . advance
of 3s 9d was cabled from London, closing
at £11. ' . '¦• ¦ : ,• ¦: .. •-.- ¦' ¦ --.•• ."¦'..-¦•
Spelter . shows a- barely steady undertone
here- at $4 30, while was /also run
changed at £16. 15s. -<-..,: *
Iron was moderately active here. English
markets were steady. Glasgow closed at 49s
3d and Middlesboro closed at 44s l%d. Pig
iron warrants closed at $11@12; No: 1 foundry.
Northern. $16 60(3)17. 60; No. 2 foundry. North
ern. $16(0)16 75;. No. 1 foundry Southern, $16®
$16 50; No. 1 foundry Southern, soft, $16®
16 50. - • ,
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. '23.— The cotton market
opened steady, with prices- unchanged to 2
points lower, and closed quiet and steady, with
prices net 5@11 points higher. " . :
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, . Jan. ': 23.— CATTLE— Receipts.
10, 500 ; 25 Texans ; } Westerns slow; | but gen
erally steady; good to. prime, $0 50@7 25; poor
to medium. $4@6; stockers and feeders, $2 25®
4 75; cows, $1 50@4.75; r heifers. $2 25@4 55;
canners, $1@2 25; bulls, ¦ $2 25@4 60; calves,
$2 50@6 25; Texas fed steers. $4®6 25. ' .
HOGS — Receipts- to-day,' : 38,000; '¦ to-morrow,'
30,000; left over. 8000; strong: to 5c higher;
mixed and butchers, $5 90@6 40: good to choice
heavy, $6 30@6 50; light, $5'60@6; bulk of
sales. $5 90@6 35. ¦¦'•-' - : . v
SHEEP— Receipts, . UROOO; steady to 10c
higher; good to choice wethers, L $4 30@5 50;
fair to choice mixed,; $3l75@4 60; Western
sheep, fed, $4 25<g5 15; native lambs, $3 50@
6 10; Western .lambs, $5 20@6 20. ' ;
ST.' JOSEPH,
ST. JOSEPH." MoV. •Jan. .23.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1200; market steady; natives, $3.50®
7; cows and heifers, $1 25@5 35; veals, $3 50@
6 25: stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 50. , - •
HOGS — Receipts. 7500; market steady; light
and light mixed, $5 60(36 25; medium and
heavy. $6 10@6 55; pigs $3 55@4 85.
SHEEP — Receipts. 1500;: market steady; top
lambs, $6; top yearlings, $5 40. '¦ ¦.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Jan. 23. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day, numbered 14,344
bales of good quality. • The . attendance was
large and competition was active at firm prices.
The superior condition of -the wool stimulated
the buyers to operate with great freedom. 'As
a* result the prices obtained were high, with
the Continent the leading buyer, closely fol
lowed by | the home trade. Americans bought
suitable parcels of cross-breds at full rates.
Business in Northern Cities.
PORTLAND. Jan. 23.— Clearings, $307,321;
balances, $32,551.
SEATTLE. Jan. 23.— Clearings, $414,800;
balances, $118,914: .
TACOMA. Jan. 23.— Clearings, $202,715; 'bal
ances. $35,791.
SPOKANE, Jan. 23.— Clearings, $181,250:
balances, $13,394.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Jan. 23.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, C3#63 *4c; valley, 64c; blue stem, 64@
65c.
The total shipments of wheat (flour Included)
from this port for the week ending to-day
were 373,458 bushels. .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. - 23.— WHEAT— Unchanged,
Blue stem, 64c; club, 63c. •
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— Consols, 04 1-16; silver,
25^d; wheat cargoes on passage, buyers and
sellers, apart; No. 1 standard California,
29s 9d; "Walla Walla, 29s l%d; English coun
try markets, quiet. •
LIVERPOOL., Jan. 23. — Wheat, easy; wheat
In Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, weak; weather In England,
overcast. • . - - ,
COTTON— Uplands. 4 7-16d.
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85®8 35;
in sacks, "$6 50@8; Pearl Barley,. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs. ¦ ¦-, . : '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY/ JANUARY 24, 190a.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
\ THURSDAY. Jan. 23— * p. m.
, • Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 01 Justice 03 03
Alta 03 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes — 01 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher » 08 10 Mexican 34 38
Best & Bel... 13 -16 j Occidental ... 08 09
Bullion 02 03jOphlr ....... 86 88
Caledonia ... 21 23 Overman .... 10 11
Challenge ... 11 13 .Potosl 14 15
Chollar 12 14 Savage 06 07
Confidence ... 55 60 Scorpion .... — 04
CCA Va 1 30 1 S3 Seg Belcher..* 02 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... 19 20
Con N Y — 01 Silver Hill... 42 43
Crown Point. 06 08 St Louts 05 —
"Eurkea Con.. 20 — Standard ....3 83 3 30
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate .... 06 07
Gould & Cur. 07 09 Union Con... 13 14
Hale & Nor.. 83 85 Utah ........ 02 04
Julia — 04 Yel Jacket.... 07 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
700 Best & Bel... 15 20O Mexican S5
600 Chollar 13 200 Ophir »6
100 C C & Va..l 32% 600 Ophir 87
2«J.Uould & Cur. f? 300 Savage 07
200 Justice OS SOO Sierra Nev...
Afternoon Session
8
B
P
3
STATIONS 3
- i <*
»»
fill
' a
03
So
A
Aetoria 29.90 44 32 NE
Baker ... 29.08 32 12 SE
Carson 29. SO 36 14 E
Eureka 29.82 48 34 SW
Fresno ..23.92 54 36 S
Flagstaff 29.84 30 14 W
Pocatello. Ida.30.06 28 10 W
Independence 29.82 44 26 6
Loe Angeles.. 30. 00 60 42 W
Phoenix 29.94 60 32 KW
Portland 29.94 40 36 NE
Red Bluff 29. S6 42 34 N
Roeeburg 29.80 46 34 W
Sacramento -.29.80 4S 36 SE
Salt Lake 29.»4 36 24 - W
S&n Francisco29.R4 52 44 SW
S. Li. OblEpo. .30.00 54 38 S
£an Diego 30.02 60 46 SW
Seattle 29.94 44 30 NE
Spokane 30.00 30 16 E
Keata- Bay 29.SW) 44 34 E
TVal!a 'Walla. 30.C4 30 22 W
"VVinnemucca .29.84 36 6 N
Yuma 29.94 64 38 W
Clear .00
Clear .00
Snow T.
Cloudy .60
Cloudy .00
Snow .42
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear T.
Cloudy .00
Rain .51
Pt Cldy .02
Cloudy .28
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy .35
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy ,T.
Clear .00
B
P
3
STATIONS 3
- i <*
»»
fill
' a
03
So
A
Aetoria 29.90 44 32 NE
Baker ... 29.08 32 12 SE
Carson 29. SO 36 14 E
Eureka 29.82 48 34 SW
Fresno ..23.92 54 36 S
Flagstaff 29.84 30 14 W
Pocatello. Ida.30.06 28 10 W
Independence 29.82 44 26 6
Loe Angeles.. 30. 00 60 42 W
Phoenix 29.94 60 32 KW
Portland 29.94 40 36 NE
Red Bluff 29. S6 42 34 N
Roeeburg 29.80 46 34 W
Sacramento -.29.80 4S 36 SE
Salt Lake 29.»4 36 24 - W
S&n Francisco29.R4 52 44 SW
S. Li. OblEpo. .30.00 54 38 S
£an Diego 30.02 60 46 SW
Seattle 29.94 44 30 NE
Spokane 30.00 30 16 E
Keata- Bay 29.SW) 44 34 E
TVal!a 'Walla. 30.C4 30 22 W
"VVinnemucca .29.84 36 6 N
Yuma 29.94 64 38 W
Clear .00
Clear .00
Snow T.
Cloudy .60
Cloudy .00
Snow .42
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear T.
Cloudy .00
Rain .51
Pt Cldy .02
Cloudy .28
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy .35
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy ,T.
Clear .00
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
PORTS 1N_ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60 Including meals and berth for the
round triD on board the Pacific Coast 3. S.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7. March 7, April 7. Due
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Ensenada. Magdalena
Bay, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La
Paz. Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymas
by rail. For further particulars Inquire at
Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery st.. or 10
Market st. Ssn Francisco.
O. /?- & /V- CO.
Only SteamalUp Iilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Ticket* to all
point*. nil rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST HATES.
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tad MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
Jan. 13, 24; Feb. 2, 12. 23
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER Sails
Jan. 18. 28: Fob. T. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Montg*y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
NSW TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PAKI3.
Stoplng at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Louis Feb. C|St. Louis Feb. 28
Philadelphia ...Feb. 12 Philadelphia ...Mar. 5
St. Paul Feb. 19) St. Paul ...Mar. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork "Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kensington ....Feb. 5 Friesland Feb. 28
Zeeland Feb. 12 South wark ....Mar. 5
Haverford Feb. 10 Vaderland Mar. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHA3. D. BULOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
- etEAUEBS WHJ, LEAVE WHAM", COR.
v> ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 7. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with ¦teamen for
In Via. etc. No cargo received on board oa
dar of salllncr. • - .
SS. HONGKONG MARU ..i.
Thursday. January 30th, 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU. *
Tuesday. February ' 23th. 1903
ES. AMERICA MABU
Friday. March 21st. 1903
¦ Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company* ¦ offioaw
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud America a da Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL ....Feb. 6:PALENA .... F«b. 28
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15' COLOMBIA — .
' These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger serrice,
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31A California street.
BALFOUR. CUTHRIE & CO.. Gen Agents.
PANAMA R. R.
TO NEW. YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
Cabin, $105: Steerage. MO; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll calls Tuesday, «fan. 28
6. S. Leelanaw calls Friday. ¦ Feb. T
6. 6. Argyll «a!l* Thursday. Mar. 13
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. .330 Market «t.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu '.. v
. Saturday, Jan. 25, "02. 2 p. nu
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney Thurs., Feb. 6.. 10 a. m.
J.D.SPHEMElSi BHOS. CO., Binem Sgmte. 327 Hariri St
W\ Passenger Otto, 643 Harkat St., War la. 7. Pacific St
C0MPAONI3 GENES AL2 TKASSATLASTIQUi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^
Sailing everr Thursday. Instead old's T?*V.
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Dlar II . n i liktfri? Ft
North River.' foot or Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. 8econ4
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. *F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
A rents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* w>M b-r all TtaHrowrt Tickot Aggntm.
¦ i^ ~- — —^ — j^ »^^
BAY AND BIVEB OTEAMEBS.
Stearrwn GEN.' FRISBtB or MONTICBLU
- 8:43 Vm.; 3:15 and 8:20 o. ra.. except Sua-
\allejo % a. m.. 12:30 nooa. a p. m.. «xc«?i
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* M
centa. Talcphon* Mala 1008. '^n^i and
offlcv. star 2. ltiasloa>strMt 4oek. UATC^l
OCF.ATT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
' ¦ Steamers leave Broadwty
tsSih. Wharf, Ban Francisco:
Ee55*»w: For Ketchikan, Juneaa.
B*|£E&^ Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a-
|S»T5|r i «JfeL m.. Jan. 11. 18. 21. 2«. 31.
: £*&££«£ Vis Feb. 5. Change to compaars
! fiSSS*?U§U steamers at Seattle.
iJl^nSSsSu F« r Victoria. Vancouver.
' Port Townsend. Seattle Ta-
coma, Everett, New What-
com— 11 ». m.rJan. 11. 18. 21. 26. 31, Feb. 5.
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1 :3O p. m..
"o^la^bielo, stopping "only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lo» An-
gsles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. in.
Steamer State of CaL, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San*» 91^5
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfortl
(San Luis Oblspo). •Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, Baa
Pedro and •Newport (»Bonlta only).
Bonlta. 9 a, m., Jan. 2. 10. 18, 28, Feb. S.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Jan. 6. 14. 22. 30, Feb. T.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose dal
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paa. Santa Roaa-
lla and Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m., 7ta of. eaca
month.
For further Information obtain f olden.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail*
TICKET OFnCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES
fea $S» fe
CLOSING-OUT SALE
/ Of the Choicest of
27- PALO ALTO BROOD MARES.
All safe in foal to such sires as McKI>TNEY.
2:11%; IRON ALTO. 2:12%; NUTWOOD
WILKES, 2:16Vi: MEN'DOCIN'O, 2:19%: EX-
IONEER. AZMOOR. 2:20%; MON'BELLS.
2:23%. etc. The great sire Azmoor. 2:20%.
will also be sold. Sale will take place at the
Occidental Korse Exchange, 721 Howard st..
San Francisco, on Thursday, January SO. 1002.
commencing at 11 o'clock a. .m. Horses at
salesyard January 2C. Send for catalogue.
WM. G. LAYN'G. Livestock Auctioneer.
C7Thi3 will be the' grandest opportunity
ever offered seekers after famous flrst-cfasa.
handsome trotting mares in foal to the most
fashionable airea In California. There will be
no reserve. Watch this space for further an-
nouncements.CALVE'S 'LITTLE PROTEGE
BETTJUNS IN ILL-HEALTH
At Olieum, on San Francisco Bay. a
large refinery Is being built, and at San
Francisco two large oil ships are now in
course of construction by the new cor
poration. In San- Bernardino the com
pany owns a large refinery. The largest
buildings of the company are in Ventura
County.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.— One of the
largest deals in oil circles that has been
consummated in many months has just
been concluded. The deeds were filed in
Los Angeles County January 22, and ac
cording to the indentures, the Union Oil
Company has sold to the Mission Trans
portation and Refining Company all of
its pipe lines In Los Angeles County, with
all rights of way, franchises, bridges,
storage tanks, pump houses, pumping
plants and machinery appertaining to
these pipe lines, together with all other
properties used In connection with oil re
fining. These properties alone sold for
$76,000.
The Mission Transportation Company
has further acquired oil lands and ma
chinery in San Francisco County • and
Contra Costa, Fresno, Kern, .Ventura and
Orange counties the value of which
reaches thousands.
OIL COMPANY SELLS
LARGE I/OT OF PROPERTY
Several determined men. disguised in
women's garb, are nightly patrolling the
streets In the terrorized district, hoping
to decoy the fiend Into attacking them.
Special details of police officers are also
on the lookout for the miscreant.
Even after her terrible experience Miss
Davi3 refused to-day to remain at homs
and pluckily nerved herself for her cus
tomary routine In the office. Her mother
and sister appeared more upset by th«
occurrence than did the victim. Mrs.
Davis eaid:
"Gussie staggered in here looking Ilka
a ghost. We were frightened half to
death at her shocking appearance and In
coherent ravings. It was a long time be
fore she could tell us what had happened.
I do hope this fiend will be caught. The
suspense of having him at large to com
mit these dreadful outrages Is terrible. I
am afraid that Gussie will yet suffer from
the shock to her ri«rves."
. The attack upon Miss Davis is the most
recent of a series of similar outrages that
have alarmed the residents on the west
side of late.
Residents Are Alarmed.
"I burst Into the house and then I
don't remember very well what happened
for a while. After I collected my senses
enough to tell them about it my mother
and sister notified the police.
"It was so dark that I did not get a
very clear look at the man. I am sure
he was short and dressed In a dark suit,
and he seemed to have a very small face,
ghastly pale. I feel positive that he was
not insane. He said nothing and made
no sound nor any attempt to strike me.
Just as the wagon came in sight we were
passing a barn and I noticed that one o£
the doors was open. I think he must have
dodged in there when he saw the wagon..
"Part of the time I ran in the middle
of the muddy street and I was too fright
ened to pay any attention to the water
and mire."
"The first intimation I had of danger
was when I saw something move just at
my side as I passed the high fence. A*
I saw that it was a man straightening: up
from a crouching position by the. fence
I started to run, the man chasing me and
gradually gaining on me. Just aa it
seemed that he would catch me almost at
my own gate a wagon drove around the.
corner ami he disappeared as mysteriously
as he came.
Crouched in the Dark.
"I had a dreadful scare. It was all so
sudden and he was so terrible and silent
racing after me in the dark. It was Hk»
an awful dream with only the swift foot
falls to make it real. I don't know how
I ran so fast or how my strength held
out so long. There was nowhere to stop.
1 didn't see a light in any ot the hous«a
for those two blocks.
Miss Davis resides with her mother at
the corner of Thirteenth and West streets.
She came home from the .city as usual on
the 6 o'clock train, getting off at Seventh
and Market streets. It was dark and
rainy as she started to walk from the
station and she carried an opened um
brella. She saw nothing of her assailant
until ho sprang toward her from the
shelter of a high fence at Eleventh and
West streets, two blocks from her home,
and the grim race began in the darkness.
Miss Davis said:
Miss Gussie Davis, a stenographer In
the employ of the Missouri Pacific Rail
way in San Francisco, was attacked by
a mysterious man while on her way home
last evening and pursued for several
blocks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Jan. 23.
The ranch is situated on the lino of the
Southern Pacific just over the Santa Lu
cia range. It Is watered by tho Salinas
River. Cienega, Rinconada and Santa
Margarita creeks,- all never-falling
streams. Along the northeasterly . slope
of the Santa Lucia range the rainfall is
the heaviest in the .county, and not even
In the dryest years has.it been necessary
to remove the stock from It.
Well water can be had on probably half
of the ranch at a depth of less than twenty
feet. It is remarkably well timbered with
pine, live oak and white oak. This, to
gether with the quantity of water on the
tract, was a strong factor in causing its
selection.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Jan. 23.— T. T.
Crittenden, one of the gentlemen who ao
companled Generals Young, Kobbe and
Randall while these latter were examining
the various sites offered in thi3 county
for a military camp. Is" in receipt of defi
nite though unofficial information that the
committee, will recommend the beautiful
Santa Margarita rancho, some eleven
miles north from this city. It has been
understood since the visit of the commit
tee to this county that the. proposed camp
was to be located somewhere in this
county, but nothing definite was known.
The tract to be recommended has long
been famous as one of the most beauti
ful tracts in California. The surface is
varied, about 6000 acres are level, 4000 acres
are undulating and several thousand acres
range from hilly # to mountainous. Of the
20.000 acres required 18,300 acres are the
property of Ferdinand Reis, a capitalist
of San Francisco. Tho balance, will be
taken from the lands of J. H. Henry,
joining on the north. The price to be paid
is $18 per. acre. *
The Santa Margarita rancho until less
than a year ago was the property of the
late General P. W. Murphy. Shortly be
fore his death it passed into the hands oJ
Ferdinand Rels through its former own
ers inability to meet a mortgage of $145,
000 and advances.
Special Dispatch to The C&1L
Santa Margarita Bancho Is
Reported to Be the
Choice.
Timely Approach of Passing
Vehicle Saves Victim
From Assault.
Nocturnal Assailant of
Defenseless Women
Again Appears.
San Luis Obispo County
to Have a Military
GIRL RUNS FROM
SAVAGE PURSUER
ARMY OFFICERS
SELECT A SITE
Chicago has invested " close to $1,000,000
in golf grounds. •: •„¦,:•.¦,
.Nearly one thousand vessels < are lost
annually. ¦ • > . . -
Mitchell and Wilson Exonerated.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. -Jan. 23.— The
convention" of the Mine Workers of Amer
ica Uo-day. adopted a report exonerating
President Mitchell and Secretary - Treas
ury Wilson from the charges made - by
Miss. Meredith, a former employe in their
Office.' ¦'• •¦¦.;.;: .-. ;-" ::; _; :. ¦' ' .¦-.- ¦ .".¦¦¦'¦¦¦- :'"
.' The election of officers was made a sper
cial; order of business for to-morrow.
VIENNA, Jan. 23.— The Archduchess
Elizabeth, granddaughter of Emperor
Francis Joseph, was married to-day to
Prince Otho von Windisch-Graetz at the
Josef chapel of the Hofburg in the pres
ence of Emperor Francis Joseph, Countess
Lonyay ffprmerly the ' Crown Princes6
Stephanie), the bride's mother, and a
number of Princes and Princesses belong
ing to the imperial family.
Marriage of Archduchess Elizabeth.
The Supreme Court issued an order to
the Superior Court yesterday that Fred
Hansted, more familiarly known as "Pro
fessor Young Dutchy." be released from
the County Jail, where he has been in
confinement for about a year and a half
on a charge of complicity in the attempt
to loot the Sullivan estate. The ground
on • which Hansted secures his liberty is
a defective indictment. It is possible,
however, that he may be reindicted.-
"Young Dutchy" Goes Free.
Chief Counsel W. F. Herrin and William
Sproule. freight traffic - manager of the
Bouthern Pacific Company,, left last even
ing for Washington? D..C. .They go East
to represent the Southern Pacific ; Com
pany ' before the Interstate Commerce
Commission' in the St.- Louis "rate case.
They expect to be gone about, two weeks.
Herrin and Sproule Go East.
Petitions in Insolvency.
,Petitions in insolvency were filed yester
day in the United States District Court as
follows: :•';.•_¦ . . ;,'¦' ; '¦:>•/; ' '\ %* ¦.
D. K.. Miles, lumberman. Castle Crag.'sbasta
County, llablltles $57,000, assets $950. The
principal creditors are estate of : William Car
son, deceased, % Eau Clare, ¦ Wls..: $30,000;' Red
• Cross Lumber Mill, \ San Francisco, $20,000*
Mary ' King of ¦ Chippewa Falls, $1500; Charles
Bergeron, Chippewa Falls.- $5000; I. Van Fas
sen & Franklin. Castle' Cras, $1400. ~> Bud- C
AppllnB, - brakeman, . Sacramento." - liabilities
$3S4 19, no assets. . O..W: Brasch, farmer. 'Ban
Jose, liabilities $9275, , assets . $7000. . ~ . . .
The police were notified yesterday that
between midnight and 7 o'clock yester
day morning some, one broke the plate
glass window of the store of the Bertelinjr
Optical Company. 16 Kearny street, and
etole seven opera and field glasses. Their
total value was $242 50. The police have
a complete description of the stolen ar
ticles.
Window Thieves at Work.
Superintendent of Streets Heath filed
his answer to,the complaint of C. Mark
man with the Board of Works yesterday.
Markman alleged that he was unreason
ably annoyed in the performance of the
work of replacing bituminous rock pave
ment over the trenches of gas and elec
tric light corporations and that Heath
and. Inspector O'Brien have conspired to
injure him in his business. -¦ Heath denies
each and every allegation of the com
plaint and says that the Bureau of Streets
is charged with' the duty of having good
work done in relaying pavements. The
hearing of the charges has been set for
10 a, m. Monday by the Board of Works.
Heath Replies .to Complaint.
Angela Castro, n member of the. famous
family of that name, which has been con
nected with the history of this State
since the golden days, filed a euit for an
accounting yesterday against her brother,
Crisanto Castro. She alleges in her com
plaint that her brother has failed to ac
count to her for moneys received as reii
lalc from her property from January 1
1890. to October 1. 1S33, and has also neg
lected to turn over to her the proceeds
of various sales of realty he prevailed
upon her to sanction. She saye she is 54
years of age and illiterate and that her
brother, to whom she turned over the
management of her holdings, has abused
her trust in him.
Castro Family in Court.
OAKLAND,. Jan. 23.— Licenses to marry
were Issued torday to . Marcelino V.
Fontes. 34 , years old, San Lorenzo, and
Mary Silva. 27, Centerville; John P. Sar
mento. over 21, and Louise A. Silva. over
18, both of Centerville; John Edwards, 21,
and May Evelynne, 18." both' of Oakland;
Clarence R/ Holmes, 57. and May M.; Cole,
37, both of San Francisco; Letitia A. Wil
liams. 29. and Timothy R; Little, 30, both
of San ¦ Francisco ; Frank D. Britton ' 22
and Agnes S. Dempsey, - 18, both . of Oak
land; James Duggan. 25, , and . Frances A.
Carr, 22, both of San Francisco. •
Licensed to Marry.
Governor Gage and Chief Justice Beatty
were the guests of honor at the monthly
banquet given last evening by the Con
eordia Club at the clubhouse on Van Ness
avenue and Post street. Covers were laid
for more than 100 members, and the guests
received a warm welcome on arriving in
the banquet hall. President Simon New
man introduced Horace V. Samuels, who
acted as toastmaster, who In turn pre
sented Governor Gage and Chief Justice
Beatty. Many felicitous speeches were
made and a bounteous feast was partaken
of. -
Banquet Governor and Chief Justice.
LOS ANGELES,' Jan. 23.-Henry E.
Huntington has in consideration .the ad
visability -of discontinuing, the ' extensive
plans for his proposed interurban system.
He claims to be partially convinced that
the people of Los Angeles are not favor
ab h lMn gt S on e^ r nl%s irritated because
of the obstacles he has encountered . in
certain quarters/ almost from the timu
Ws plans first assumed definite, shape.
The latest antagonism^ due to^ the issue
permitting the franchises of the Pacing
Electric Railway system to use certain
streets for carrying baggage -and light
expressage. . Huntington , declares >> the
nrivileKe t or years ' has been enjoyed by
rival traction corporations In Lo3_ Xn
eeles and he sees no reason why it should
be denied to him and his associates.
; "We • are hampered - constantly,"- said
General Manager Randolph to-day, "and
Mr Hun tington's patience is almost worn
out Our line to Long Beach will be com
pleted That? has been decided/Beyond
that ; fact conditions are in. abeyance for
the \time being." ¦-'¦¦,.'. ~
in tiie South May Be
/. Abandoned.
Iiiterxirban Bailroad System Project
TOO MANY OBSTACLES
DISCOURAlGrE HTTNTDTGrTON
The marriage of-G.-B. Sturla to Nicol
letta Sturla was annulled by Judge SIoss
yesterday. The woman had another hus
band living when she married' Sturla.
Divorces were granted" yesterday to
John Cassidy from Maywell Cassldy for
desertion. John J. Mehegan from Marga
ret Mehegan for intemperance and Emma
Partridge from Karl C. Partridge for in
temperance. -
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Gustav Dorn against Emma Dorn for
desertion. Lizzie Polen against Nick P.
Polen for cruelty, Ethel Johnson Swain
acalnst Henry Ellis Swain for failure to
provide and August Markowltz against
David Markowltz for desertion.
In the Divorce Courts.
At a meeting of the Point Lotos Im
provement Club last night a committee
was appointed consisting of George R.
Fletcher and Edward Ginley to wait on
the Board of Public Works requesting
that ncmes be placed on the street lamps.
The same committee was instructed to
urge the completion of the new Emer
gency Hoepitai which is being constructed
on Stanyan street. The neglected condi
tion of Fulton street, from Willard to
First avenue, called for paving of the
south side of that thoroughfare. Since the
improved condition of Point I^obos ave
nue, from Masonic avenue to the Cliff
House, has been recognized by the auto
mobile riders, this roadway has once more
come into public favor. During the last
year the ugly humps that made riding or
driving unpleasant have been leveled
down and ruts filled in with the material
thus removed. In addition to these im
provements the side street gutterways
have been deepened and cleaned out, af
fording sufficient drainage for all the
rain water that heretofore found lodg
ment in the hollows made by traffic.
Bichmond Wants Streets Named.
LONDON, Jan. 23.-Guest, Keene & Co.
of Dowlalse and Cardiff, who recently ab
sorbed the Cyfarthfa Iron Works and col-
Ueries, have, it is announced to-day, com
pleted arrangements to acquire the busi
ness of the Nettlefolds, big screw wire
manufacturers of Birmingham. _. , _
The consideration is said to be about
£2 000,000. Guest. Keene & Co. have al
ready acquired the big steel works of
Crtwshay Bros, at Merthyr Tydvll. South
Waks and it is rumored that It is their
intention to form' a mammoth combine
fng against the dangers ot introducing the
trust system into Great Britain. .
The Chronicle contends that the suc
cess of American combines is not due to
the intrinsic merits of the system, but to
capable and energetic management .ana
that Great Britain is pinning its faith to
a. system of monopoly without imitating
the energy which has worked' such won
ders in the United States. _ .
Rumors were current in Sheffield and
• Barrow-in-Furness yesterday of^ the .in
tention of the British Government to pur
chase the shipbuilding yards of Viokers
Sons & Maxim and to establish a naval
dock yard at Barrow-ln-Furn6ss. These
rumors have been- denied, but it. is the
general idea that there is a substratum of
truth in them, and that negotiations to
this end are proceeding.
English Capitalists Are
Acquiring Valuable *
Properties.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces that on February 26 ex
aminations will be held at San Francisco
and other places .for the following posi
tions:
Chief mechanician. National Bureau ' of
Standards, at a salary of $1400 per annum.
Applicants must show In their applications
that they have had at least five years' actual
experience as instrument makers. Assistant
inspector of boilers. Steamboat Inspection Ser
vice, at a salary of $2000 per annum. Persons
who desire to compete should at once apply to
the United States Civil Service Commission.
Washington. D. C. or to the secretary of the
local beard of examiners, Postofflce, for appli
cation forms, which should be properly exe
cuted and filed with the commission. Drlor to
the hour of closing business on February 17.
IMC.
Civil Service Examination.
The loss of the engine came, to light
when Receiver, Burton recently ordered
out a special to take him on a tour of in
spection of the line. Anxious to ascertain
whether the rest of the property was still
intact, he .made the trip on a handcar
Roadbed and trestles were found 'in fair
condition j and the receiver announces his
Intention of putting 'a section gang at
work to put the road in- repair for future
use. ' . ¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ : ' ;
The larcenists have worked quietly and
left no trace of their identity to guide the
officials, who are at a loss to know
whether engine No. 1 has been • revamped
for service on another line or sold as junk.
The road was formerly equipped with
several passenger coaches and a number
of flat cars. The coaches were little used
and were long ago mutilated and plun
dered. The use of the flat cars extended
at fitful ' intervals' until a. recent date.
They were used In hauling hay from the
San Pablo Valley. '
While masters of high finaiice have hag
gled over the possession of the California
and Nevada i Railroad, the system has
been stripped of its rolling stock by. land
pirates. The receiver of the road has lust
awakened to the fact that the detach
able parts of the one locomotive on the
line ' have' been carried away piecemeal
from the Emeryville roundhouse. The
cars have gone to pieces and the theft
of the engine completes the dismantling
of the terminal. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 23.
Line Is Plundered
Piecemeal.
California and Nevada
THIEVES STEAL
ROLLING STOCK
The young folks were Indebted to the
following for the enjoyable evening
passed: W. H. Hildebrandt, Charles
Thelrbach, George C. Sneider, John H.
Sievers, Dr. Charles Bush, F. Plagemann,
August Jungblut, A. H. Autz, Dr. H. Syl
vester, J. G. Bapp. H. S. Bausmann, E.
H. Lange, H. W. Westphal, J. G. Us and
G. C. Sneider.
Full dress was worn, and the gowns of
the ladies, so artistically made, added to
the pleasing harmony oT color.
The approach to the dance hall was
covered by a canopy of greens, inter
woven with roses and colored incandes
cent lights. The hall proper was one
mass of color picturesquely blended, con
sisting of white bunting, greens, roses
and coiored lights. The stage was draped
with bunting and palms.
The DeutWcher Club gave a reception
and dance last evening- at Golden Gate
Hall.
BEUTSCHZR CLUB GIVES
BECEPTIONi AND DANCE
One of the special features of the even-
Ing will be an address on the "Genius of
Burns" by Professor Lawson of the Uni
versity of California. James Smith will
recite and Mrs. M. E. Blanchard, Miss
Millie . Flynn, J," C. Hughes and J. F.
Veaco will render vocal selections>
A programme, containing many special
ties appropriate for the occasion, has been
arranged. At the conclusion of the pro
gramme dancing will be inaugurated.
The entertainment will commence at 8;15
o'clock. ...
St. Andrew's Society will celebrate the
anniversary of the birth of Robert Burns,
the famous Scotch bard, to-night in
Scottish Hall. Ill Larkln street. .
Will Celebrate To-Night.
Amusements — J. W. King. William Rae, G.
G. Gillesple, Alexander King. William Cor
mack Ed Kerr, Hugh Fraepr, R. W. King,
"Walter Reid, F. A. Monro. Charles Adams, M.
L. Crowe and Thomas "Wilson, -f ~
Dancing— W. R. King, Hugh Duff, J. Moore,
James Taylor, Adam Ross and Alexander King.
Tableaux— M. . L..: Cro^e, Alexander Smith
and Hugh Fraser. t • ' '
- Reception — W. Reid. G. G. Glllespie. William
Rae. Thomas F. Fraser, James McNab, Charles
Adams, A. Spence, T. A. Monro, Ed Kerr, J.
Douglass, A. M. Macpherson and Rev. C. G.
•Patterson. .
Every number was vociferously . en
cored. The evening's entertalnmen
wound up with a dance. The followln,
committees officiated:
of Prince Charlie," Flora Macdonald and li
Highlanders.
BIG STEEL FIRMS
FORM A COMBINE
Overture. Fairgrievc's Orchestra; bagpipe
selections: I. B. K. Tlvendale and Adam Rom;
eonjr "There Was a Lad Was Born In Kyle,
Robert Lloyd- duet. "Bonnie Doon," Mrs. L.
S? Anderlon "Mrs. J. D- Crate: tableaux from
Alexander Smith; original poem. " B " rns ' .^
BSS&2 !^i5£?53KrSS •«»
on the Braes o - Mar." Robert, Lloyd:* duet.
-The BIrks of Aberfeldy." Mrs. L. M. An
derson Mr!. J. D. Craig; tableaux and choral
orientation of "Scots Wha Hae," Clansmen;
tableaux and choral presentation.' "Departure
THE Scots were out in such num
bers last evening that standing
.room was at. a premium at Odd
Fellows' Hall. The event was the
celebration of the birthday of
Robert Burns by Clan Fraser No. 78,
Order of Scottish Clans.
The hall was artistically decorated. The
walls were hung with red, yellowand pale
blue bunting, six large American flags
were suspended from the ceiling, while a
huge center-piece covered with pale blue
bunting .-and Japanese lanterns completed
the picturesque effect. Aib«
The ushers were members of the clan
and wore "cap and plaid.' 'as did the
whole clan, which marched. into the hall
to the rhythm of the bagpipe.
The following programme brought back
a fond remembrance of the "guid old days
in bonnie Scotland": \
ihe audience was a large one and was
silent until the reverend speaker culled
from his imagination causes to lay the
unchristian lash upon the Government
under which he lives and the govern
ments he lias read of. At those blatant
j>eriods. of course, there were many vcho.
Inflamed unto his ideas, applauded. But
it was not at all unexpected by those who
paid their 50 cents to hear him, since
many in the hall long before the lecturer
came upon the platform were heard to
say that they supposed the Rev. Mr.
Yorke would have "something hot to
say."
Those who paid the admission fee for
such s»n exhibition were not disappointed,
for the Rev. Mr. Peter C. Yorke let his
furnace doors fly open and the hot
pparks flew from San Francisco to Porto
Rico, thence to Washington, over to
Cuba and spluttered across to Africa.
The address was sensational enough for
those who fancy that method of dema
gogic utterances, and therefore those who
paid their money for the pleasure or ex
citement of hearing denunciation in its
bitterest form were amply repaid
There was little, if arty, real logic— only
the logic known perhaps alone to the Rev.
Peter C. Yorke. If he denounced govern
ment, whether home or foreign, it was
done with an intemperance of speech and
a style of declamation peculiar and famil
iar to the demagogue. Thus the tirade,
the wild oratory, the inflammable utter
ances and the wholesale denunciations
were the features of what was announced
to be a lecture bearing the Innocent title.
*ily Brother's Keeper."
Cnfler the j>retext of delivering a lecture
entitled "My Brothers Keeper," the Rev.
Peter C. Yorke delivered himself of an
outpouring of vituperation against the
Government of the United States at Met
ropolitan Hall last night which was start
ling, to far as his declaration that where
Spain killed one human being in the Phil
ippines. America, which went to those
islands to introduce liberty, killed twelve
and burned homes and robbed, while her
men committed other depredations of a
terrible character. It was in the same
etrain that the reverend lecturer wildly,
unphilcsophically and at moments slangiiy
let loose tiis very own. original ministerial
ideas of reasoning. In dealing with local
Batten he was no ltss venomous, lack
ing that moderation which is expected
from one of his cloth; evidently, too,
thoughtless of that Christian forbearance
whicli is usually and should ever be char
acteristic of the speech and the reasoning
of the Christian teacher.
Keeper/' and Abuses the Ameri
can Government.
Promises Lecture on "My Brothers
3?EV. PETER C. YORKE
f EMITS VITUPERATION
Lewis was advised to appeal to the
board for an additional appropriation out
of the urgent necessity fund, and this he
will do.
The bills had been rejected because
they exceeded one-twelfth of the yearly
appropriation. Lewis. explained that the
reason why the inmates of the society
had increased was that Judges were loth
to send young criminals to the reform
schools and in consequence recommit
ments to the society's home were fre
quent.
Lewis claimed that the sum of $500 per
month which had been appropriated was
insufficient.
Superintendent -H. W. Lewis of the
Boys' and Girls' Aid Society informed the
Supervisors* Police Committee yesterday
that seventy-five youthful criminals
would be turned loose on the city streets
unless the city would pay the bills for
their maintenance which had been pre
sented to the board.
Girls' Aid Society Says Appro
priation Is Insufficient.
Superintendent Xewis of Boys' and
ASKS FOR MAINTENANCE
OF YOUTHFUL CRIMINALS
CHIEF OF CLAN FRASER WHICH CELEBRATED THE ANNIVERSARY
OF "BOBBIE" BURNS' BIRTH WITH AN ENTERTAINMENT AND
DANCE IN ODD FELLOWS' HALL LAST NIGHT.
About that time he was appointed one
of the lodpe"s representatives to the Odd
Follows' Hall Association, a position
which he still fills and which he has
always served with satisfaction to the
lodge and credit to himself. He was for
one term treasurer of the lodge and for
several terms served as trustee.
One month after his admission into the
lodpe he was appointed conductor anil
t-ince then he has tilled the different elec
tive and appointive offices in the lodpe.
bci^pr installed a noble grand on January
Mr. Reed, who recently celebrated his
seventy-third birthday, was initiated into
Angorona Lodge No. 2S9 in Pittsburg, Pa..
January 21, 1852. On the 7th of~May. 1S50.
he took a withdrawal card and came to
this city. On the fan of October. 1P5S, he
deposited his card with Yerba Buena
Lodge No. 15 and has been a regular at
tendant ever since.
After the presentation there were elo
quent addresses by Past Grand Masters
L. L. Alexander, L>avis Louderback, P. F.
Oosbcy. John Olasson. W. W. Watson,
Grand Treasurer J. W. Harris. Grand Sec
retary George T. Shaw, Grand Scribe W.
H. Barm-?. Xoble Grand Carson of Pacific
Lodpe. F. L. Ttlrpin. Joseph Winterburn.
John Thompson and O. <.:. Morrell. After
the speaking a banquet was enjoyed.
The presentation. In the presence of a
lur^re number of members and the entire
membership of Pacitte Lod^e, was by Nu-
Sjie Grand Humphreys, wno referred to
the long period Mr. Reed had been a mem
ber of the order. The recipient, who had
been kept in ignorance of what was to be
given him, attempted to reply, but all he
could fav was "I thank you."
He ia the first Odd Fellow in California
who has earned such a token from his
brothers.
The medal is in the shape of one-halt of
the globe surrounded by a wreath of lau
rel, bound at the bottom with the three
links and surmounted by the liyures 5u lit
diamonds, suported by an ornamental
scroll. On the face of the globe are. rep
resented the continents anu across these
is a. raised sold ribbon scroll enameled in
dark blue, ocaring the word "I'nivonsal'
in letters of gold. This is pendant from
a bar. on the laco of which are the letters
1. O. o. F.
A very unusual event in Odd F^lowship
in this city was the presentation last
evening to John S. ReetJ of Yerba Buena
Lodge of a handsome diamond and gold
medal in honor of his having been an Odd
Fellow for fifty consecutive years. It is
known as the honorable veteran's jewel,
and is furnished only on the order of the
erand secretary of a Jurisdlctiou for those
who uninterruptedly have been members
of the order in good standing lor tiny
years.
Trinity. Niles— H. E. Mosher. Mrs. Henry
Tyson, Mrs. E. Barley, Mrs. O. Bonner, Mrs.
D. Marstenstein.
St. Matthew's. Oakdale— Mrs. M. A. Lovell.
Miss V. L. Smallwood. Mrs. Charles lullock.
Miss E. M. Dorsey. Miss E. D. Dorsey.
Church of the Advent. Oakland — Rev. W. C.
Shaw. T-,E Pope. A. J. Read.'C. B. Foote.
R. L. White. R. Burr. . -
St. John's, Oakland— Rev. M. W.Ray. T. E.
Mason, Rigby Jr.. H. H. Hassard,«C.
T. Cook, G. E. Arrowsmith. '. -r>''?jL
St. Paul's. Oakland — Rev. Robert Ritchie. C.
D. Haven. Bruce Hayden, George Roesch,
Henry Taylor. J. H. Wallace. .
Trinity. Oakland— Rev. John Bake well, D. M.
Doub, John Hampton. L. J. Le Conte, Joseph
Sanders, S. F. Taylor.
St Mary's by the. Sea, Pacific Grove— Rev.
Hobart Chetwood, T. W. Cowan. Mrs. T. V, .
Cowan C. P. . Leggett. B. L. Hollenbeck, M1S3
A. S. Martin. . : ._ -
All Saints'. Palo AKo-r-Rev. D. Charles Gard
ner, R. H. Falrclough. S. Kimball, B. R. Cox,
J. C. Hosmer. Pierce Mitchell. .
St. Paul's. Salinas— Rev. C. M,. W.estlake, J.
W. Rowling. Matt Williams, R. L. Porter. 3.
• A Webster, Thomas Remson. •
'St. Matthew's. San Ar«M — Rev. C. M. Hoge.
George Dudley. Mrs. H. Gimbal. - .
Grace Church, San Francisco— Rev. R. c.
Foute, William H. Crocker. L. M. RIngwalt.
William MIntzer, George H. ' Hooke, Herbert
°sf 6 John the Evangelist. San Francisco —
Rev. L. C. Sanford. K. W. Van Reynegom,
B McKlnne. F. H. Elchbaum. K. S. Southard,
George S. Baker. _ „ _
St. Luke's. San Francisco— Rev. B. M. Wee
den. A. N. Drown. II. C. Davis. A. H. Phelps,
G. H. Kellogg. W. A. M. Van Bokkelen.
St Mary the Virgin. San Francisco — Rev.
Stephen Innes. Gerald Lowe.^ Thomas B £ nk^'
George C. Woodward. Irvlngr Lockwood, D. D.
Fonseca. . - ' ,,, ¦,,
St. Peter's, San Francisco— Rev. W. M.
Bours, A. C. Kalna. H. T. Graves. Alexander
Gray. R. H. Kelley. Major J. C. Robinson.
St. Stephen's. San Frantisco— Rev. Edgar J.
Lion. A. F. Price. C. V E: Holmes^ Frank Gard
ner. J. Clark Burnham; George E. Bennett.
Trinity Church, San FTancisco— Rey. F. W.
Clampett. D.D.; Walter E. Dean, J. F. Hough
ton. ¦ Robert . Bruce. • W. B. Hooper. J. V. D.
Chrfst^Church. San Jose— Mrs. Sharpe. Mrs.
Garey. MUs Blackford, Mrs. Boring. F. Leane.
Trinity. San Jose— Rev. Charles H. Mock-
Tldge, Albert S. Bacon. Alfred C, Darby. Regi
nald W. Sandford, M. A. Southworth, S. . N.
W sf. C Matthew's. San Mateo— Rev. Edward L.
Parsons E. D. Beylard. D. Y. Campbell. F.
P. Howard. L. C. McAfee. F. S. Moody.
St Paul's. San Rafael— Rev. Wyllys Hall.
William Babcock. George E. Butler John F.
Boyd, , Carter P. Fomeroy. Vincent N»le._
Holy Savior. Santa Clara-Rev. E^H. Ben.
son. L. F. Duncan, P. P. Jones, E. H. Alden.
Mrs. Clara Kuhl, Mrs. Sellna Sennett.
Calvary. Santa Cruz— Rev, C. O. TUlottson.
El, Williams. F. M. Hansfleld. E. F. Hilton.
Major H. D. Gerrard. T. Wlghtman.
Christ Church. Sausallto— Rev. A. C.^Wll
son Frances Avery. Starr Keeler. H. J. Comp
ton! T. Penlington.. C. T. Hamilton. _
St.. James. Sonora— Rev. S. Linsley, C. H.
Burden. . Mrs. Nettie Rother. W .- J. Scatter
good. Thomas W. Wells. C. B. Clark. _
Grace. South San Francisco— Rev. J. K.
Bodel Miss J. Young, Mrs. J. Frost, Mrs. W.
I J.. Martin. Mrs. B. J. DuBols. f . _ _ .
St. John's Stockton— Rev. Alfred F. Clarke,
r E Wllhoit. H. H. Hewlett. C. E. Owen,
J.' M." Welsh. D. J. D. Young. „ ™
«?t Paul's Walnut Grove— Rev. E. M. W.
I'Hills Ely S. Hutchlnson, Mrs. Sarah S. Pear
"°A-llHS-nU *^afso'ntlUe-Rev. Henry B. Col
lier. William Burbeck, Warren B. Porter. H.
C. Wyckoff. William J. McGowan. Edward A.
! H Good Shepherd. West Berkeley^-Mrs. C. H.
Burr William Harrison. W. B. Chase, W. G.
! Pascoe. Mrs. William B. Chase. ,
Trinity, Menlo Park— Rev. W. B. Gallwey,,
V.arry Eyre. Timothy Hopkins. W. W. Taylor.
St. Luke l s, Merced— Rev. George H. Jenks,
A. R Gurr, Mrs. G. H. Jenks, Mrs. E. S.
O'Brien. Mrs J. A. Norrell. Mrs. A. R. Gutt.
Our Savior, Mill Valley — Rev. H. H. Howitt.
Julian Harrlss, W. G. S. Elwood, A. L. House.
Mrs. Mary House. Mrs. Monteagle.
St. Paul's, Modesto— Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Tracy R. Kelley, William H. Halton, F. A.
Cressey. Mrs. M. A. Snow. Mrs. French..
St. James, Monterey— Mrs. Charles "W. Few.
J. L. McGowan. * •
Trinity, Madera— Rev. . George H. Jcnks, J.
E. Newman, J. H. Long, Mrs. A. L. Hargrove,
Mrs. J W. Watkins Miss Lulu Houston.
Grace. Martlnez^Rev. E. M. W. Hills, E. L.
Brown, S. Potter. G. A. Sherman, R. L. TJlch.
C. C. Swain. . •¦•"•...
Grace Church, Idvermore — Miss E. Foster,
Mrs. M. E. Black, Mrs. F. Mally. Mre. J. C.
Hayes. C. ,F. Mess. .
St. Matthew's. South Berkeley — Rev. T. L.
Randolph, T. M. Whaliey. Mrs. E. J. Oxley,
Mrs. E. McKee, Mrs. R. H. Spencer, George E.
Oxley.
St. Luke's, Los Gatos — Rev. J. Clarke Rob
bins, John W. Lyndon, Mrs. J. W. Lyndon.
Mrs. Robert Goebel, Mrs. T. II. Davis, Mrs.
J. J. Sullivan.
St. Luko's, Holllster— Mrs. H. Tond, Mrs.
F. J. Bacon, Charles Hopecroft, Frank Titus,
S. G. Agnew. : . • • '• .
Trinity Church, Haywards — Rev. James
Hulmc, II. G. Brlggs. W. S. Clarke. Mrs. M.
M. AVarneld. Mrs. H. G. Briggs.
Church of the Savior, Hanford — Rev. F. . J.
Mynard, B. L. Barnes, S. E. Biddle Jr., Georee
Drailsford, Charles Downing, H. H. Sim. "
Holy Innocents; Corte Madera — Rev. John A.
Emery, II. B. Foote 'Jr., C. II. Baker, C. A.
Emery, Mrs. 8." F. Emery, Mrs. P. C. Foote.
St James — Paso de Robles — Rev. C. M. Hoge,
Fred Booth, Charles Trussler, Frank Booth.
St. James, Fresno — Rev. H. S. Hanson, F.
M Miller, K M. Lee, B. S. - McDougail, Mrs.
AVilliam Helm. Reginald Hodgkln.
St. Stephen's, Gliroy — M. Lennon, Mrs. J.
W. Milnes, Mrs. M. Estes, . J. R. Huxbrough,
Mrs. H. Otto. ' . *•-¦:
St. Mark's, Berkeley — Rev. George E. Swan,
Oliver Xoungs, IS. H. .Price. M. M. lihorcr, Vic
tor J. Kobertson, . Edward Gray»
St. James, Centervllle— F. O. Bunting, J.
C. Mowry, Mrs. C. Healey, K. F. Reynolds, F.
Smith. •
St. Paul's, jJakersneld — Rev. Edward Mor
gan, JfcJrnest "\V. Wright, George Bullock, A.
C. xMaude. M. McGray.
Christ Church, Alameda — Rev. T. J. Lacey,
Edward Brown. A. N.. Lewis, G. H. Tyson, ¦ V.
M. French, Charles E. Hill.
The fifty-second annual convention of
the Episcopal diocese of California,
which meets in St. John's Church, Fif
teenth; street .and Julian avenue, next
"Wednesday, is . expected to be the
largest in the history of the de
nomination. Especially Important leg
islation^ Is, to be considered, and
events of great moment to the well-being
of the church are likely to occur. The list
of delegates embraces men and women
from every part of the jurisdiction who
are known not only for their prominence
in their own denomination but from their
philanthropy as well. The body will in
clude many who are distinguished in the
social life of the State. Tne following ia
a list of delegates:
The report comes to the Gage camp that
Dr. Pardee. over the bay in Alameda
County, is diligently engaged in the work
of lining up a solid delegation for himself.
The Democrats of Los Angeles regard
Washington Dodge of San Francisco as
the man best fitted to lead their party
in the next State campaign. Singular as
It may peem the San Francisco Demo
crats, and notably the Iroauois warrior*,
look upon Mayor Snyder of Los Angeles
as one possessing the ginning qualities of
leadership. In the country the Democrats
talk of Beamer and Jeter.
What would happen if the Republicans should
nominate a vote-gftter like Ed Colgan to run
agaiim Beamer?
What would happen if tlio Democrats should
nominate a vote-setter like Dick Beamer to
run against GaB«??
The question was answered by the ask
ing of another:
If Gage gets the Republican .nomination
for Governor there will be a legion of
Democrats ready to run against him.
Democratic politicians assert that he is
the easiest mark in sight. A Republican
at the Palace Hotel yesterday asked, this
question:
Legion of Democratic Candidates.
Governor Gage's supporters assert that
the talk of Flint's strength in South
ern California is all moonshine, but
there seems to be a difference of
opinion on this topic. It is a
significant fact that in the news col
umns of the Los Angeles Herald that a
Flint Club was organized recently in the
Second AVard of that city. Thirty charter
members signed the roll. The avowed ob
ject of this club is to advocate and work
for the. election of Thomas Flint for Gov
ernor. R. G. Livingston was elected pres
ident and Charles Wilde secretary. A. C.
Day and C. F. Shilling were elected vice
presidents. It is up to the Gage men now
to put a counter organization into the
ileld of the sunny south. State Senator
C. M. Belshaw. who Is journeying hither
from Washington. Is about due in Los
Angeles, where he oroposes to tarry for
a while. It is said that Senator Flint
will meet Mr. Belshaw in the City of
Ansels and the two Senators will listen to
suggestions from ex-Senator Bulla. It
would not be surprising If Flint, Belshaw
and Bulla dismantled some of the fence*
recently mended by Dan Kevane and
Walter Parker.
The First of Its Kind Ever
Presented to a Member
in This State.
Democrats Would Welcome
Renomination of Governor
by Republicans.
Convention of the Diocese of
California Will Be &
J. 8. Reed of Yerba
Buena Lodge Re
ceives a Medal.
Important Legislation
Will Come Before
Episcopalians.
Men Opposed to Gage
Making Ready for
Battle.
FLINT'S FRIENDS
ARE ORGANIZING
MANY DELEGATES
TO BE PRESENT
HALF A CENTURY
AN ODD FELLOW
Clan Fraser Holds Appropriate Exercises for
Beloved Bard's Natal Day. ;
SCOTS CELEBRATE BIRTH
OF POET BOBBIE BURNS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, , JANUARY 24, 1902.
United States Circuit Judge W. YT. Mor
row and Mrs. Morrow left for the East at
10 o'clock yesterday morning. Judge Mor
row goes to- "Washington as a trustee of
the Carnegie Institution. He will remain
about three weeks.
Judge Morrow Goes to "Washington.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.— Mayor Schmitz of
San Francisco -will deliver an address at
a benefit entertainment to be given the
striking lron-molders of San Francisco In
this city next Thursday evening. The
ievent is to be held under the auspices of
the Building Trades Council at Turn
Verein Hall. Following the entertainment
there will be a ball.
Mayor to Speak in San Jose.
The Seventy-first Company. Coast Ar
tillery, which has been stationed at the-
Presidio for several months, will remove
to Angel Island next Monday. Five hun
dred recruits have been ordered to San
Francisco from Fort Slocum. New York.
They will leave for the Fnliippines on the
first available transport. The Thomas is
scheduled to sail on February 1.
News in Army Circles.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.— An association to
be composed of all the District Attorneys
in the State is to be formed. The plau
was recently conceived by District Attor
ney J. H. Campbell of this cotratjr. and a.
communication setting forth the objects
of the organisation has been sent to each
of the prosecuting officers in the fifty
seven counties. It will be along the lines
of the proposed association of Chiefs of
Police now contemplated.
District Attorneys to Unite.
Both Edna and her mother are enthu
siastic over the kindness of Mme. Calve
to the little. protege and the child is anx
ious to regain her health that she may
go back to the great singer, whom she has
learned to love. Mme. Calve will provide
for Edna's education while the latter Is in
Los Angeles and will take her again to
New York as soon as this can be done
with safety to the little girl's health.
Edna is not to be allowed to sinir for a
year and will devote her time to physical
culture and the study of French.
LOS ANGKL.ES, Jan. 23.— Little Edna
Daren, the protege of Mme. Calve, has
arrived home from New York, accom
panied by her mother, who a short time
ago was called Bast on account of her
chlldls illness. The little girl is thin and
pale and her eyes have been so much af
fected by her physical condition that she
ia obliged to -wear glasses. This neces
sity, however, Is believed to be temporary
only.
9
HOW THE PHILIPPINES ¦
SHOULD BE GOVERNED. ~
By Brigadicr'Gcnerjl Frederick Funston- - ¦
ARE WOMEN'S CLUBS A — — \ thh sunday call is the
BAR . TO MATRIMONY? = I^"?S^*£S. ON -.
_ v — _. THE PACIFIC COAST.
By Kate Tyson Marr. •
THE LATEST IN HOUSE " . .. " —
* DECORATIONS. ;,, . . ' . ¦-
EARLY DAY ACTORS AND j ~
ACTRESSES. '. ¦ ~
— : ; . '' .¦¦ •¦. '...¦'• . \ "DICK BOYLE'S BUS1-
..- .,.;-:•: — NESS CARD."
.;¦¦¦.--¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦• -- -¦ .- - ¦ a Western Fiction Story by Ertt Ha.-te.
¦ r ' ' , ' ; — — — — — : — written in his happiest rtio.
•"-'¦" _r: :: " : -' : " :: -r : --'- -¦";'• Z READ YOUR FUTURE IN
bight pages OF'coLOR U— — THE STORY OF THE STARS.
THAT ARE PLEASING TO .". - - * —
•'> THEEYE FilE THE WOMAN WHO DRESSES
.-, ¦¦,..¦:¦ ::-.-- .;-,.....--, '.' IN BLACK.
"•-' -.. ' - ':¦ .' '. •'.'¦ "¦ FLIGHT OF THE QUEEN OF
; ; /;.;,:¦;::::¦:;..:;-' ..,. .•-.' CHINATOWN.
1111 ¦'¦""¦"¦I"" ¦¦¦ I'll ¦¦'"' ¦ 'ITHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1902.
10
¦_-_'¦'_ FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES - incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and. financed; stock taken" in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bond3 furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.; U. S. licensed
stock brokers. 320 Post st ¦ '
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
• have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated ;, stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
¦ or address main office. fi07-S-0 Parrott bldg.
£
2 MODERN flats, 5 and C rooms; bath; ston?-
room. 25 Elgin Park. - -
GEARY. 1131, bet. Van Ness and Franklin —
Modern lower flat 7 rms. & bath; rent $32 50.
FURNISHED FLAT' WANTED.
j FURNISHED flat wanted by young married
I i couple; no children; a neatly furnished flat
| of 5 or 6 rooms; location north of O'Farrell
I and east of Devlsadero: ihust be scrupulously
clean and contain modern Improvements;
state rent. Address box 2S84. Call office.
FURNITURE . FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
| FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
I _ GLOVES^^^ ¦
DTiiFrBLAClTsuede glove; best in the woVid;
warranted:. kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
. HELP WAXTEn—FEMALE^
MRS. mT^TdAY^CO ... . T. Phone Main" 1575
. . . ...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Head waitress, $35; 2 waitresses, commercial
I hotels, $25; waitress, $22 50, fare paid;- 2
waitresses, same hotel, near city, $20; 5
waitresses, city, $25, room out; 3 chamber-
maids. Southern California, $20 % fare paid;
. 2 chambermaids, $15 and $17 50. . ¦¦ * c -
j .....:.. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
j Housegirl. ?20; nursegirl, $15, small Ameri-
j , can family; housegirl, 2 In family, Fresno,
fare paid; cook and nousegirls, choice places,
best wages; nursegirl, $25 t see lady here.
5 MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ....... .335 Geary st
WANTED— 3 cooks, $30; 5 second girU, $20-
$25; " housework, San Rafael, $30; chamber
• work, $20; nursegirl, 2 children, $25; compan-
ion, old lady, $15; chamber, work: and laun-
dress, $25; housework, 2 family, $25; cham-
ber work and sewing, $20; restaurant wait-
resses. $7, $8 week; chamhjer work and wait-
ing, mining camp, see party 10 o'clock, $25;
60 girls tor all kinds of housework, city and
country. Apply to J. • F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st. / ¦ . . ' . .
FOREMAN and designer on ladles' waists and
•wrappers; must be, able to- grade her -own
patterns; .liberal wages; good position to
right patty. I. MAGNIN & CO., C56 Mls-
'".: sion st. 3d floor. • A - -1 '.'<-¦
: GOOD cook, 30 to 35 years, in small private
• boarding-house;; good wages if. satisfactory.
' Call between 8 and 10 a. m., 326 Haight st. ;
YOUNG girl to take care of 3 children from S
: a:, m. till 8 p. m.; $7 per month/Apply 222
Kearny .tt. . . '/,,......
. WANTED-«ExperIenced ' wrapper for women's
; wear. "MARKS BROS.-, 1212 . Market st. >
EXPERIENCED saleslady In hosiery and un-
derwear. ; . Box' 34S9. Call office. , . '
ACTIVE girl T to work in delicacy store; $4
4 week and board. C19 Larkin st. , :'
¦WANTED — Two experienced waitresses. . Apply
), 20 Third st. . ' ¦ . - / ;
NURSEGIRL. r 2643 Bryant st, near Twenty-
V fifth. . ' ' ; ¦¦¦¦¦".
WANTED— Girl for light housework; no waeh-
- Ing. 3824 Army st. - i ., :-> !
"WANTED — A" girl ! for general housework. 22
. : Sacramento st " .• ¦ ;:;,". :' » i"-":.
. WANTED^-Upstairs girl ; ' German preferred.
J 718 Valencia. st . ' .r-r'-'x 1 ; -^r'-*r',. ;
• ; ¦« - . ¦ ¦ . ¦?&¦¦¦¦
spiritualism/
A^rvTlHLliET^wcTldTTamous materializ-
ing: medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl., Sun.. S p. m.; 50c.' 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
; .life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 2761-^Seances Sun.,
¦ Tues.. Thurs.. 8:15 p. m.; 25c; readings, 10-5.
A — PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.; readings daily,
. -60c and $1; circle every night, 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed let-
ters ans.. 10c; cir. Sun.; read. 50c-$l. 132 Cth.
MRS. SWAN'S grand spiritual meeting to-
night. 1238 Howard St.. between 8th and 8th.
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing seance, Frl-
day and Sunday eves. , 325 EUis st; 50c.
MRS. VALEEN, medium and palmist, will
guide you right. 15S3 Market st., near 12th:
EDWARD EARLB, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
r phono Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
KN?W^Hr~FUTU~RE~~~~ -"T"
' " And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advice on business, epeculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
' marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love,' how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or Influence any one
you love or meet: no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours. 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
; 14. first floor. 1101— MARKET ST— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly^ opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4509.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 120*5 Mar-
ket st., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
SPECIAL — 10c and this notice; no long story;
Just what you want to know; consultation on
all matters; love, marriage, divorce, family
troubles, sickness; we convince all. Parlors
1. 2 and 3. C07 Kearny st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readings ;ladiesEOc,
gents $1 ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 12S_Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLeT326A~E1Hs; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly wlthoul
ques. ; full names; 50c-$l; , 10 a.m. to 8 p. m.
50c., $1 — Prof. Weller, clalr., palmist, card read-
er; mail orders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future; L. 25c; G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs,
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana:
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th,
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; triitr
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234% Sixth st. '
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant an-
¦ • spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c; G.-50c.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, watei
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 15G3
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
COLLECTION OFFICES. |
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th I
floor, 910 Market St.: advice free. Tel. Bush j
104; able body of attorneys^ ¦'-. • - j
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge j
unless successful. Rcom :i!0. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$15— LOVELY sunny cottage; modern; water j
free. 637 Dolores St.. below Twentieth. [
DENTISTS.
A^DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma }
Spreckeis bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. 51 50; other fill- j
ings $1: gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that, look natural j
and guaranteed, $5 up. I
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It. >
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges ]
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my i
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years' ;
experience; no students; advice free; prices j
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farroll st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm 7 Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold j
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, ?4 50 |
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays, i
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager, j
A NEW plate — The "Whalebone — cannot break: j
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 CO;nllings, 50c; J
plates $5. full set:-*.ll work painless and war- j
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. j
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— '
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. !
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ' j
DR.R.L.WALSH, 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain- j
less ext, 50c; platei $5 up; phone Polk 1135. j
DOG SPECIALIST. j
£1r~EDWARD~N, LEAVT. canine specialist. :
late, of New Tork City, has Just located at
006 Jones st, where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office i
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 20S5. ' ¦ |
— o(} HOSPITALS. .]
DR CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDITCATIONAL.
. HiEALi5^S^HBoX""oF^ra^F^RICA^rEKGT
• NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop- work; thoroughly
' practical: day and night. 24 Post st; S. F. ;
catalogue free. .
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
> — $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
> tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
KEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,'
' S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
a!l subjects pertaining to mining, and mining
. engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
I Ix — The' LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
' school for the university, law and medical
* colleges; references, President Jordan or. any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.'
* A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vige their friends to Rttend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
. ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associatad with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
5 PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
9 graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
e TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
. Jng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45," Par-
t rott bldg; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
v ————— _ ,
:. ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mining, mech.sur-
i vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est 1864." Van
- der Naillcn School.' 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
f CALIFORNIA Business College;, most thorough
:. modern, methods; 'positions for all graduates;
new CO- page catalogue free. 305 Larkin at.
el A FULL course of Ellis bookkepelng and : the
j Gregg shorthand costs only $«0. San Fran-
cisco Business College,* 1236 Market st. .
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
- moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mabon.st. ¦¦-¦-
LADY teacher would .like a few more Juvenile
- piano pupils; 50c an hour. Box 2879, Call.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
¦ etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission,- nr. Oth.
• BPANISH,French,etc.Prof.De.Fillppe'sAcaden-iy
~ of Languagcs.320Post ;estab'd!871 ;ablcstprof s.
- SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally
». . MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st
;, VIOLIN, mandolin,- guitar. Prof.' MERKI, good
!. ! teacher., 1008 Mission; instruments selected;
; Chicago Business College, 1435 Marketnr. 10th:
>. Pitman Bhorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 : mo.
s ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
!. ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine Bt. "
i. MARY P.-WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin." guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.'
- HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post.st; 6. F.;
.founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
BUSINESS CHAKCES.
X $1300- BAKERY on leading business street
in Western Addition; established 12 yeara;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
about 2 Vs * barrels per day. Call l.. u.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st. . - . ¦
A— $C00; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at -least $200
per month. Call R.-O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
X $1000; CANDY store on Mission st; rent
. $18; place establ. years and doing a good pay-
• ing business; value In 1 eight Call R. G.
,' WILKE. 2t>% Kearny st. -¦¦¦..
X $750; TURKISH and Russian bath house in
Portland. Or.; rent $25; lease; low expenses
and first-class paying business; knowledge of
business not necessary. Meet owner in office
of R. G. WILKE, 2t>% Kearny st...
A — $1000; HAY grain wood and coal yard on
Mission et; rent $40; estab. 20 years; other
' business compels owner to sacrifice; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE,- 26% Kearny.
A — $7O0; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
' month; located In and between large hotels;
' to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$500 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a
good paying business; low rent: location can't
be beat See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at Invoice: location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt
A — $600; COFEE saloon and reataurant; es-
tablished years: first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building: bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE, 2ti% Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE and saloon,
with 16 furnished rooms; rent $45; 3 years
lease; established years; located on Mont-
gomery st; good business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $350; CANDY stand on Sixth St., close to
Market; rent $50: good business; owner other-
wlse engaged. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A NOTICE— We can sell your business quick
for cash. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny et.
A— WE have for sale 30 saloons. 40 groceries
and bars, 50 cigar stores, 20 branch bakeries,
candy variety, stationery 5nd delicacy stores.
12 restaurants and oyster houses, 5 butcher
ehops 100 lodging-houses; these places must
be sold; prices from $150 to $2500; get our
list first -See STRAND & CO., 209 Keanry
St.: established 18S4.
HEALY & CAtR. raone James 2771.
6 Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels,- restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
1 stores, cigar store*, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan ct • any of the above.
$225- : -STATIONERY, notion and candy 'store:
! fixtures, showcases; stock invoice £500; liv-
ing rooms; the place for man and wife.
STENBERG CO., 759 Market st.
$250 — PARTNER wanted: suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial L given before
buying. 25 Geary St.. room 4. > '
Al MINING stock; grand bargain; $5000. See
H. CHECKER, 1020 Market st, for par-
ticulars. * '
J. H. STANTON, real estate and business broker:
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
BUSINESS men! — If you want quick sale list
your business for sale by McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st
$400 — A SACRIFICE: restaurant worth $1000;
receipts guaranteed over $21; trial given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
daily. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 921 Market st.
TAILOR shop for sale — Cleaning and repairing;
good location; selling account going Into
cloak business. 403 O'Farrell st., cor. Taylor.
A LIVE man with a little means can buy a
half interest in a. well established grocery
business across the bay: receipts are about
$3000 per month. Address box 2554, Call.
RARE business chance; for sale, cafe & restau-
rant; paying business; elegantly furn. apart-
ments, etc.; located in tenderloin district.
Particulars, R. A., box 3494. Call.
$225— BRANCH bakery, laundry office, etc.; 2
living rooms; rent $14; near large school;
good living. Address box 1550, Call office.
FOR sale — Barber shop: best paying shop in
Vallejo; only reason fcr selling, other busi-
ness. Address box 165. Vallejo, Cal.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East st. north of Market.
MUSIC store: coast agency; 3 furnished rooms;
bargain. 1523 Market el -
FOR sale, cheap; established dental office; best
location. Address P. O. box 151, Oakland.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised: average monthly profits* over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton street.
ACTIVE man with $2500 can secure half Inter-
est, have full charge of fine exclusive busi-
ness; principals only; refces. Box 3563, Call.
$500 — SALOON; corner location; fine stock.
Box 3550. Call office. ¦ -
$650 — FOR sale, good-paying restaurant Ap-
ply at 195 Tenth st.
$350 — RESTAURANT for sale; good place for
man and wife. Box 3529. Call office.
RESTAURANT — Place man and wife or cook
and waiter; good business. Box 2814, Call.
$600— FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
lejo, Cal.; great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
A BRaVcH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10'Jti
Valencia st. •
LODUlNU-HOLhES FO1C SALE.
1 THE~DONALD IN VE^TMEKT^OMPANYi
¦850 Market Bt. . - Tel. Davis 2S1.
35 rooms, cheap rent, good location $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. <JO0
6 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
20 rooms, central, good payer.. ltStt
20 rooms, good furniture, money maker. 2200
20 rooms, snap, see It 850
38 rooms, central, clears $200 3200
30 rooms, cheap rent, money maker. . . . ltiOO
\ 21 rooms, finely furnished, best location. 2700
' 14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50 900
. !) rooms, rent $32, good furniture 450
; 17 rooms, rent $60, good payer 1)00
7 rooms, fiat, good sunny corner 350
' SPLENDID opportunity for a lady with a few
'¦ hundred dollars to manage rooming-house in
good location. ._ DONALD .- INVESTMENT
: CO.. 850 Market Bt
i SO ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
: rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
, see it DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50
i Market st. , •
A — Near the Call 'buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GP.IFFIN, 719 Market st. rms, 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
i . ing-houses or on real
f estate. TAg free list of lodging-houses at. my
office. All for sale on easy terms. 1'leane call.
f 115 r. ; new building; clears S317 month. .$t>000
c 34 r. ; part offices; fine carpets: oak
1 furniture; 2 lloora; clears) $109 mo.. 2200
22 r. ; clears $102 per month above all
3 expenses; ti blocks N.'-'of Market;
«"*" elegant; first-class roomers.
32 r. : good furniture; rent $."»3; clears $40. 400
7 r. : rent $10; nice; easy Installments. 300
- WINSTON & WOLF. ' -
» Reliable Brokers 102C Market St.
c (Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
1 100 rooms; brand new and modern building.
- t^z rooms; rent $150; fine location. $5500
C3 rooms: workman's hotel; new and .
• modern building; corner; rent $125;
. price 1000
" I SO rooms; offices: cheap rent; part cash. 2000
, 20 rooms; rent $75; office*: «ce it .. 1400
2« rooms; rent $£K>: part cash 2000
r-00 other bouses to select from.
' ' Cal!. we have the bargains.
• TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE. '¦ , •
Call on Us
5 ".Any house .sold on payments
; Call and Get Our Large List ...-....'
W<» have !>oi:s»s In all parts of city.....
a 1 A. II. RETSLOFF. Phone John 531,
- t i>0C Market st, cor. Ellis, room 12.
i WE have 75 lodging-houses for sale from $300
to $0000: some very bargains; if you have
• lodging-houses for saie list them with us; we
- »ell. tjulck. and good prices. McBHIDE &
s CO.. 765 Market Et. ¦
:'. BUYERS, If you want a lodging-house that
3 ' WILL PAY, or If you want ¦ to borrow
. MONEY at 1 V- per cent, . call on' M. E.
RIVES, 910 Market St., rm. CO; tel. Main J2S.
11 A — NOTICE — Wo have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of th* city; get
;: cur list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
'• BEFORE buying or Felling your lodging-house
~. call on H. C DECKER, the old reliable
• agent, at 1020 Market st. ; phone Mint 7D0."
L - ; LODGING-HOUSE ol 19 rooms. . 12 and 14
j Steuart st
• ROOMING house for sale. $225; must be. raid;
" -cause, death; 17 rooms. 28% Clay.et -¦..';
J NINE-ROOM lodging-nous* for rale cheap. Ap-
r ply after 2 p. m.. nt 251% Stevenson st.
- CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
\ WHEN you become tilsguRftd with poor work
2 " cend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Jng Works. 353-357 Tehama et. ; tel. South 40.
" AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning.
• ¦ 3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st.;tel.Capp2542.
= ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter et;
¦ tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
a '. RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
~ CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
1." J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
L vatlng Co., 240 14th at; tel. Mission 74.
BOY wanted at 11 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
: character. • between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak' and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED — Soldiers who enlisted In U. S. Vols.
¦ to apply for two months' extra pay, due un-
y der a -decision cf the U. S.' Court of Claim.'.
V CHAS. and WM. B. KING.
¦..';--¦¦ 344 Phelan building.
WANTED— A competent, qualified shoe trav-
- eler for Northern California and\ Southern
. Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory: state salary and where employed. Box
2270. Call office. •
WANTED— An experienced / salesman . to take
„" charge , of ' lace and trimming department; 6
o'clock' house. Address R. M. & CO., box
3500, Call office. , ¦ v .
WANTED— Reliable young man with $175
¦cash; $15 week; steady place; no experience.
If you have the cash apply BROWN & CO.,-
1221 Market st > •
WANTED-^-Honest " man with $250 cash; du-
ties, tend cash counter in restaurant; no ex-
perience ; $50 month and ' board. BROWN.
1221 Market st. ! T'. , ¦ .. . ;.:
A GOOD experienced man in real estate busi-
ness;, some booking; reference required;
: good salary to right party. v " Address box
r 2393, Call office, Oakland. ¦ . ¦ • .
WANTED— Laborers and . mechanics to know
• that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, etill
. runs . Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.i-
BIG snap — Fine opening for man and wife with
•$190 \\ restaurant; receipts- $10 day; llvlnv
rooms. BROWN, 1221 Market st
FOR 'sale-^-S-chalr shop; best in" Western Ad-
dition ; also one * furnished room ; good rea-
sons for selling. Call 134-1. Turk st
MEN "to -learn barber trade; barbers in de-
..mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
I catalogue free. ¦ -.-" MOLER'S BARBER COL-
¦ LECE. 635 Clay st. ¦ . „ .
"WANTED — Experienced,; dom<?Ftlc " salesman.
' Apply. beC 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.-.
"WANTED— Cwh bey. between thirteen and
.fifteen yeara of age. Apoly at HALE BROS'.
BARBER "deFtres, to buy barber -shop with; or
, without -baths. ; - Box 3547. Call office.
BARBERS^— $150' will-buy a~ good-paying shop."
;. Addrens box 3549. Call office. ..•;. "., -
McDON.A LD , & . PERRY 'have 500 second-hand
/shoes for. sale,, 50o up.'; ' 241-;Thlrd st. . .
BARBERS,': attention— $150 for ; » 1-chair shop
.^running over $25 per-week.' "Box; 3543, Call."
HELP "WAXITSD— MALE Con ; _
WANTED— Boy fourteen or £ f « en -***,," ti ?g
¦ age to attend to errands and light office dutses
by a largo ¦ manufacturing concern . must
be neat, obliging and intelligent: reside with
parents, and furnish- satisfactory references
as to honesty and respectability. Address
' 'Errands. " box 350S. Call office.
"WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed..
catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Log Angeles. Cal.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College; 74 1A Howard.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st. nr. 5tu.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. 3. 40 Pheian
\ big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
; to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and ~d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage? to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call' advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103o
Valencia st j
IIORSKS A.\D \VAKOXS.
AUCTION sale. Monday. Jan. 20; 40 head
. heavy, wagon and livery horses at J- 1 -.-™
a. m. Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 and i2J
Howard at '
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc: auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR Eale— At Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st. «
cheap work horses, 4 sound horses, weight
T-00; fine surrey horses.
CHEAP work horse, 1400 lbs; cheap driving
mare. 238 Fulton St.. near Van Ness ave.
FOR Fale — Horse, top buggy, harness, good
condition; also good bicycle. 442 Pacific st.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HE^NEMAN'S. 100 Sansome st. t
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wr.gon. single; also light
camninsr waoron for ral». rh»ar». J>32 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRIN'TED^nst'houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
8UNNY - cottage, 6 rooms, and stable. . 72 1
Willow ave.. near Elite and Buchanan sts.
BROADWAY. 19TO. near Laguna — Eight rooma.
bath: fine marine view: rent S42 50.
HOUSES FOR SALE. j
.:,_,---.,.,_,..... ... - ¦ - I
NEW modern • house, 7 rooms; sun all day: I
large basement, yard. Portola. oft Waller,
bet. Pierce and Steiner. Inoutre B3 Porlnln.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you—
¦ Free consultatlo»-on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
; ror.m 3ft. ISO Post st' I
•' i I
LOST AND FOUND. j
LOST — Wednesday, on broad gauge train be- j
tween Broadway and San Francisco, black !
silver-mounted purse containing coin. Lib-
' eral reward if. returned to A. G. GURNETT.
308 Pine st.
LOST — Nugget charm. Return to 724 Eddy j
st ; *10 reward. j_ j
6-MONTHS' old fox terrier bitch; reward $2 50. I
Return to 2133 Killmore st. ¦ ' i
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Sav- j
F, ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in !
the name of ANNIE PEPPER. No. 1S5-519.
The finder will please return to bank. i
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ANDREW SEPPi No. 101-1034. The
finder will please return to bank. :
FOUND — In Post-st car, Jan. 15, gold glasses.
Apply 565 Ellis st
IT -will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st, needs old
cold and silver to make new watch case?.
ma«:hi.\k uokks.
ENSIGN Machine "Works. 415% Sacramento St..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. S. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing' to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for Ii3t. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Kl»3.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol'.
Etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
Ft. : tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or In trouble call
and consult the specialist; the unfortunate
helped; relief in all cases taken ;*the most cb- ¦
stinate cases have been relieved by my med. 1
' ical treatment; free confidential advice on ail
subjects of a delicate nature; all classes of
female complaints treated; relief to the long-
est cases; all private diseases* in both sex j
treated; blood diseases cured. 10 to SO days, i
DR. G. W. CCDONNELL, 1018 Market st,. |
opp. Fifth. . I
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell Ft.
MEN — Why be -weak, when you can be strong?
Dr. - De Ford's Regenerator cures when all
others fail. Price 50c. 6 for $2 50, by mail; I
a guaranteed cure. DR. DE FORD'S REM- I
. EDY CO.. 136 S. Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal. j
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has |
returned from the East and resumed business; i
home In confinement. 112 Mason st. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.--
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home, 906 Market at., opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and - MRS. DA VIES' original |
method of treatment; maternity home; home j
in confinement 1126 Market st, S. F. !
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable ladles' •
specialist; a private home before and during j
confinement;- best medical care; low fees. ;
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office, 122S Market st; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. DAVIS, ladies' specialist, returned from
New York; maternity home; low fees; best
medical care. J.3S2 Market st.
Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama st.. nr. 2Cth;
treatment $5 to $10;avold delay ;none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISKb AND 3H.\i.\Ci.
A COMPANY, duly incorporated and* owning a
gravel proposition of exceptional merit, will
¦ dispose of a portion of its treasury stock at
(jOc per share in blocks of 500 shares or mul-
tiples thereof.
The company owns and controls many miles
of ancient river channels and gravel claims
carrying gold of high assays, both In quanti-
ty and fineness. - . Address for interview
"Miner;" care Palace Hotel.
FOR sale — Property of the Consolidated Gold
Mining Company, situated in Nevada County.
15 miles north of Auburn; 2 patented claims,
8-stan:p quartz mill, .ditch and hoisting
works; reasons for selling, non-experience of
mining by owners; mine open for Inspection.
Further particulars from A. MEISTER, Sac- I
ramftito, Cal. '
MUST have money; will sell 1500 shares Mon- '
tezuma stock. Wash., at 25c per share, net |
cash.- Address box 3485, Call office. |
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, la— yer. Examiner big.. 3.
F. ; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MISCELLANEOUS—- FOR SALfi.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery^ Mel
INTOSH & W T OLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
TEN gas engines, 2 to 30 H. P. ; fine condition;
woodworking machinery, electric motors, I
. some shopworn lathes, steam and ponrer
pumps. BURTON, 41-40 Main st. S. T. r
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, "boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st ;jj - . * >
SECOND-HAND mining, irrigating and con-
veying machinery bought, sold, rented and
exchanged. >H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. ',
FOR pale— Good fresh cow; also fanjlly cow. I
: 21R Hearst ave., Sunnyside; telephone Church I
423.: • : -.¦-... , !
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu- '
5 lar Price Hatters, 830 Kearny st, near Pine. '
FINE suits. ?10; dress' pants $2 75. MISFIT
. CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
.Wallpaper 3c, worth 10c ; paperhanging paint- '
- ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; teL Jackson 1321.
FOR sale— A lot of hotel silverware;' enough !
for 14 tables. 320 Mason st.
EGG cases for sale. 1224' Point Lobos ave.,
FOR SALE— Coffee mill and National cash reg-
ister. 25 Hoft ave., bet. 18th and 17th sts.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d hand, all makes, at low
.figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg*y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ;
SAJT FRAS CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market nnd Third streets; open
until 11 o'clock overv night in the year.
BUA.NCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery stre^.
corner Clay; open ur.tll 0:30 p. rn.
TOO Hayes street; open until 0:o0 p. m.
00 McAllister etrect; open until 0:^0 p. xn.
S15 Larkin street; epen until 9:30 p. m.
1341 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
t2Cl Market 6treet corner Sixteenth; ppen
rntil 9 p.- m..
JO6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p.' m. . . ~ '
3CKX5 Valencia street; open until 0 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p.m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 0 p. m. ¦¦•
MKETIXO KOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commanderj' No. 1. K- --. -f-
T , 8 Post St.— Regular assembly BOB-
THIS (FRIDAD EVENING, at 7:30 CM
o'clock. Order of the Temple. - AH
Iraiers cordially invited. By order
cf tl»c Connnsndfr. . _ •"
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 108, F. and A. ¦
.«.!. — Officers and members are respect- w*^
mlly requested lo afspmble at the T\^
t'-inple FKIDAT. January 24th. at /
1:30 o'clock, for the purpose of attending
the funeral ol*e<juies of our late brother,
PETKR COHRIGAN. of Wyoming Lodge No.
40:4, \Ve6tc;ie=ter, N. Y. Funeral committees
pleaEs taka notice. By order of the \\. M.
II. J. OWEN. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodce No. 123. I. O. O. _^:*i£*&rc:
y —Second <£:3) Cegree THlb
(FRIDAY) NIGHT. January 24.
Memorial Hall. Visitors cordial- '; /tt J. .
ly invited. W. II. GIBSON. N. G.'
W. F. NORCROSS. It S.
E O N tT 1 !'?.— Review VHIS "(FRIDAY) /^^K
r VEXING nt S o'clock. pi3neer paIR§i
Hall. r< Fourth n. t?J^SS?
H. II. CASTLE. XrSySr
Record Keeper. "tiit—
6T. ANimEW'S SOCIETY — The aa- . x£ *,
real celebration of tha birth of 3, QtJ/J
Kofrcrt Born? will be held Jn
KMttlsh Hall. Ill Larkin st.. on ***^
FRIDAY EVENING, Jan. 24. Professor
!» r.-sicr: of tho University of California.' Berke-
ley, u-ill deliver an address oil the "Genius
<¦! Bump"; Mr. James Smith will recite, and
Mr*. M. E. Blacchard, IUes Millie Flynn. Mr.
.'. C. Hup!ic8 and Mr. J. F. Veaco will 6lng.
r.ircing to the music oi Fairgrieve's orches-
tra, v.-ill follow the programme. Concert at
t-:15. Dancing at 10. Tickets 25c each.
JAMES ROLPH JR., President.
GEORGE ST. J. BREMXER. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— Swiss Mutual Benevolent
(Society of San Francisco. California.
The regular annual meeting of the
.iwir.hcia of the Swiss Mutual Benev-
btans Society will be held at the
clJioe of the societr. No. 414 Pine St.. room
«:. £&a Francisco, California, on SATURDAY,
the £oth day of January, 1002, at 8 o'clock
).. m.. for the purpose of electing a Board oi'
Jjireetors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
mav come bafore the metting.
A. JUILLERAT. Secretary-
Par. Francisco,' January 20th, 1SKJ2.
NOTICE to stockholders of Honolulu Planta-
tion Corapauy — Notice is hereby given that in
1 L::eu£i2!Ce of a resolution of tne Hoard of
i.Iit-ctcis of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
j.iny. uulv adopted at a meeting of said
• card held on the 20th day of November. A.
I>. !S0L a special meeting cf the stockhold-
ers cf the Honolulu Plantation Company will
he held on MONDAY, the 27th day of Janu-
ary, A. JJ. "1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock
e. "re. of that day. at the ofllce of the corpo-
ration. No. 327 Market st, in the city and
county ft San Francisco, State of Calitornla.
the «ame beinc the principal place of busl-
nets and the office cf said corporation, and
the buildinu where the Board of Directors
usually meet, for the purpose of considering
.or.d actinc upon a proposition to create a
'bonded indebtedness of said corporation to
The amount of one million two hundred and
rif'.y thousand (1.150.000) dollars, to the end
s:i«i for the purpose of providing means and
raising moneys to pay the existing indebted-
rots of said corporation and the Indebtedness
:;icuried and to be incurred In the develop-
ment of its properties and the construction
nnd coir.Dlition of Its works and improve-
irccr.ts. the purchase of machinery and th«
Requisition of such other property as ma?
l<e within, the ourposes and objects of said
for?' ration. Dated San Francisco. JTovembei
20, 1301. H. W. THOMAS,
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
THE regular anrual meeting of the stockhold-
ers cf the Union Trust Company of Sar
Francisco will be held at the office of th<
company in the Union Trust Company' i
building corner Post. Montgomery and Mar
ket FtE.. San Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY
the 3d day of February, 1902. at the hour o
2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing s
beard of directors to serve for the followin!
year, the amendment of the by-laws of th'
company and the transaction of such othe:
business as may come before the meeting
I. "W. HELLMAN JR., Secretary.
NOTICE of Meeting of Stockholders— Office of
the Union Trust Company of San Francisco,
Number 2 Montgomery street northeast cor-
ner of Montgomery and Post streets, San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. Oth. 1902 — Notice is
liereby given that pursuant to a. resolution
of the board of directors of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco, a corporation.
adopted on the Oth day of January.- ld02, at
b. meeting of eaid board, duly held at the
'•rfice of Eaid company, in the city and coun-
ty of San Francisco. State of Cal-
ifornia, a. majority of the members
cf said bqard being present, a meeting
of the stockholders of said company will be
held at tne office and principal place of busi-
ness of said corporation, to wit, in the rear
room on the ground floor of the building on
the northeast corner of Montgomery and Pcet
*are«>t£. known as No. 2 Montgomery street,
in the city and county of San Francisco,
State cf California, said building being the
building where the board of directors of said
corporation usually meet, and said room be-
ing the room in said building where the
Ftorkholders of said corporation usually meet,
on THURSDAY, the 27th day of March.
3IK12. at 3 o'clock p. ra.. for the object and
purpose of thereupon considering and voting
upon a proposition to increase the capital
Ftork cf said corporation from $1,250,000 00
'divided into 1250 share." of the par value
«¦* $1000 00 each ehare) to $1,500,000 00 (di-
¦>-(<1ed into 1500 shares of the par value of
SI POO CO each Ehare). By order of the board
of directors.
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
'Feal) By I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, tiavir.tr re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. C Murphy in the Hidden
Treasure Hydraulic mine, at Kelsey. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey
<~anynn: frcm John Pascoe and W. H. Se-
combe. in the Chill Ravine gravel mine, near
Placervllle. El Dorago County, to deposit
tailings in Chill Ravine: from Warren T.
Russell, In the Happy Flat placer mine, at
Garden -Valley. El Dorado County, to de-
j-ot'.t tailings in Happy Flat Creek, and from
• Went? Bros., in their mine, near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
*-n a fiat below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood build-
insr San Francisco. Cal.. on February 3,
191.2, at 1:30 p. rn.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of i!ie stockholders of The California
Sugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the company. 527 Market Ft. San Fran-
c<?co. Cal.. on MONDAY, the third day of
February. J1>C2, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. fcr the purpose of electing a board
of director? to rom-e for the ensuing year,
srv.l the transaction of such other business
as may eom«> before th<» meeting. " ¦
CHAS. A. GJBSON. Secretary.
A X ""IT.*I< meeting — The regular annual ciect-
irjT of the lot owner? in the Masonic cerne-
f-ry will 1k>H at the Masonic Temple r, n
TTPDAT. Tehruary 4, 1002. at 2 o'clock
••. rn.. for the election of finr trustees and
r-irh b^f>!n-ss as may l«e»lly ome before
: !v-m. THEO FROLIC!?. Secretary.
" O»r-Apnf-5-~nd hf-t In America— The Weekly
¦f*n'i. 1C. jiti^es. e.'n-t to nr.v ailfiress in the
f'i!r»<1 P'»it«v- <m- r>-*«»a »••«* vwr 'or J>1.
ACErrs I wasted: "
AGENTS -ivc.ri?»t! in *-er7 town .to b*jy, rent or
<¦¦¦>¦=• r?".t* sint machines; b^st inducements.
J-'TIT*. MACHINE CO.. 2125 Minion st.
Ai.M.HITKClS
¦AK-riiTTKCrS «T8al«4 to subml: nlans and
rpcciSraticsg 'cr l.'.rh srbrval bu!M!ng. Par-
tlculKX :»<:. C. T. McGInrhnn. Truck**. Cal.
ASTROLOGY.
Jini'GSCOP"S — Pro£peci6 predicted, difficulties
cvuifitNl. BdrtEa in social & business affairs;
leadings by rar.il. RAYMOND. Vi.1 Taylor rt.
A.TTOKSEYS- AT L.WV.
I:. ">V. KING atiy. Exa-mlner building, room
«:i3;-srll Ci.r:i?; dameE**, estates, •wills, mort-
£a?es. j-'annci-sMT's, attachments, collections.
'u?.; lcs^l nar«t* drawn; consultation iree;
ri-> advance charges; open eve's; call or writ*.
AJ^ViCE irto: «2svcree*. * si>ecia'ty:<julck:e,uiet:
r.a oh^rs*; without success: «-sta.bliRh»-d 10 yra.
O;>en evenings by appointment ;i>honejohn31$l.
C. W. nOWB. S50 Mark«t et, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE trsa; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
ettachments; mortgage^oH's o? eale: partntr-
rlilp*; deeds; wills dra"nm; no fee unlens euc-
oeesful; open eve's. -J.lI.Thurston.SlO Market.
A1>V1CE trro; no charge unless tuccessful. W.
\7. DAVIDSON, 0?7 Uarket et, opp. Mason.
1. F. CLAHK, Kmrna Kpreckela bid?.. 027 Uar-
k*t M.. : conml'ntlon free: no ff^e !n advance.
II1CVCLI3S — For Sale or Kschange.
AZ3JEM docs the be*t repair work in the State;
m.o<3e»-s te prices. SOI Larkin et
HOARDING FOR. CHILDREN.
GT.r.ltAN lady would Jike rotsple of children U
-, beard ;. runny yard.- 430 Minna at-
BOOKS— SEW AXO OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
E. C. Uolrr.es, 1149 Market; teL Howard 104C,
HELP "WANTED MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
..Leading: Employment and Labor Agents.;"
.......... OFFICE. OPEN 7 A. M..'.
4 laborers, no experience J required, San
' Mateo County ' $34 and found
3 farmers and wives, orchards and farms.
$45 and $40 and found; dairy man, $30 and
' found; 8 farm, 'orchard and vineyard hands,
$20 and $25; 3 pruners, $30; blacksmith, city
shop |.»
WOODCHOPPERS '.
PICKET POST TIEMAKERS
150 woodchoppers. different places, stove and
- cord wood, 75c to $2 50 cord ; 50 tie, picket
> and post makers, good wages; 10 men to
learn to make split and hewn ties, tools
furnished • • • •
BUTCHERS — BAKERS
Baker, country shop. $50;-baker. small coun-
try shop. $30 to $35: 3 butchers, different
country Jobs, $30; cook for an orchard, $30;
4 cooks country. MURRAY & READY, 034-
630 Clay st. ' . •••"..
A — SAM McQUEEN, ranch foreman, please
call. MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay st
AT. C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104<3eary St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
• Meat and pastry cook, hotel, Nevada, $75;
short order cook; cafe, south. $80: assistant
' short orde'r cook, cafe, j north, $50; French
chef cook, hotel south, 575: second cooks,
city and country, $.'i0 to $50; 20 kitchen
hands, dishwashers and others, $2O to ?30;
' neat young man to carry off dishes and learn
to wait, first-class .country hotel, $25 and
. found, fare paid; Aaolph Johnson, the cook,
. please report;.. electrician and euglneer, hotel
plant, $60 and found .*
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 010 Clay St.—
Farmer and wife for orchard, $35 and found;
driver for milk route, ?30 and found; wood-
worker, carriage shop. $3 to $3 25 a 'day; 4-
horse teamster, hay wagon. $40 and found;
•waiter for boarding-house, $25;. baker, coun-
try shop. ?5O and found; redwood tie makers,"
10c and lie each; foreman for sash and door
factory; coopers, slack work, $35 and found.
GARDENER, $35 and found: pond man for
mill $fc'0; setter for mill, $00 to $75: second
setter, $60; milker/ $30 and found; Burleigh
driller, $3 day: man for wood and ccal yard..
S35 and found; sash and door framer, $3
day; carriage blacksmith, $3 50 day: farmer
and wife $40; cooks; waiters, butlers and
others. ~ J. F. CROSETT & . CO., C2S Sac-
• ramento st. . -. ¦_ .
ANDRE'S office. 31C Stockton st. — Cooli and
helper, country boarding-house, $55; cook,
plain hotel,' $40; waiter, $45; waiter, small
place, $25, , etc. - .
WANTED — Flrst-clr.FS machinery salesman
for engines, boilers and hoisting machinery;
experience In shop and . erecting necessary.
Address or apply to Rix Compressed Air and
Drill Company, 300 Mission st, San Fran-
cisco. ' • • -
WANTED — For office work, a bright and .in-
telligent young man of about 20: must be
'¦ quick and accurate at figures. Address, with
references, D. W-, box 3491, Call.
WANTED — Gentleman/acquainted with better
class, to handle special proposition in Oak- .
. land, San Jose and San Francisco. Apply
810 Market st.. room 45. ¦
WANTED— A man who is capable of taking
full charge of a first-class shoe store. Box
r»492, Call office. ¦ ¦
FIRST-CLASS retail Jewelry salesman for city.
Address, stating - previous experience, box
3484, Call, office. ._.-..
BAEIiER wanted for«Saturday and Sunday at
105 Tenth st. -
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 3250 Mis-
sion 8t 1 _between28thand20tlu_^_=_
BARBER wanted; steady. 39»£ Turk st, cor-
ner of Taylor. ' - -
•GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand. Milvia and Addl-
son sts.. E. Berkeley. DALZELL & MILLER.
WANTED — A good young butcher, with refer-
• ences. Call 2004 Polk st, near Pacific. v
WANTED — An experienced engineer for city
hotel; salary and board. Box 2520, Call.
WANTED— A boy to'dVive butcher 'cart. Apply
190 Noe st., corner' of Fifteenth.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos
ave. ; $15 and found.' ' •
, : EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A-^JAPANESE'Te^laSleTio^us^cTeanlng, cooks &
/; waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. Kl-
:, KOSHITA. 1233 Page? cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estflb. 20 years.
. Tel. Main 1U97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Po B t. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Be3t help. 411% O'Farrell at; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ;.tel. Bush 516. !
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 50<2.
EMPLO VMENT WANTED — FEMALE!
SWEDISH lady wishes housework or plain sew-
J Ing by .the day or half a day. Inquire 106%
.Welsh St., off Fourth. , -' • . ¦. :'¦¦-.
LADY would like to copy letters at home. Ad-
. dress box 34S8. Call office. ' ' .
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
s. washing and cleaning. Address 2750 Harrison.
TWO respectable young ladies (sisters), who
wish to take a course through business col-
lege, will exchange light housework in the
morning or sewing (fine musicians) in ex-
change: for board and room; best. of refer-
ences -exchanged. Box. 3535 Call. - -
RELIABLE experienced German girl .wishes
position as Infant's nurse. Apply C38 Minna
j st, near Eighth. ...¦•¦..¦¦ - ;- .- ,
WANTED — Position as secretary or compan-
ion to lady by widow of physician; town or
¦country; highest references. Box 349C. Call.
RELIABLE dressmaker and ladles' tailor de-
sires sewing by the day, city or country; best
references. Address 216 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — A position as managing house-
keeper by a woman; has one child. Box
3495, Call office.
CAPABLE woman wants a place | as house-
keeper where she will have full charge; city
or country. Address box 2394, Call. Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes ' second work and sewing
in Catholic family: will care for 2 children;
references. 1640 Hyde st.
YOUNG German lady with a v child wishes a
position for general' housework, city or
country. Apply at 621 Commercial st.
WANTED — By a good, trustworthy young
woman, position as child's nurse; best of ref-
erences. Call or address 236B Ninth st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position.
. preferably in Mission. Box 3401, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $C week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10'Jtf
j Valencia st. ¦
j ISMrLOYSUSKT WASTED JIALK.
YOUNG man of neat appearance desires posl-
| tlon; first-class references; has had expe-
rience warehouseman, fireman. Janitor, care
of horses; can drive; is willing and obliging.
F. J., CO Haight st.
SOBER,, .industrious young man wants situa-
\ tion as dishwasher; state wages and hours
of work ; steady place preferred. s Box 2553,
- Call office. - ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦-¦••*.
STRONG willing boy would like a position as
errand boy or cash boy. Apply at 67 Rausch
Bt., between Howard and Kolsom and Seventh
and Eighth.
GOOD dishwasher wants work. Apply MICH-
AEL BUTLER, room 157, Llndell House,
¦ corner Sixth and Howard sts. - ¦. -
WANTED — Position by experienced cook. I Ad-
dress box 3532, Call office,
J WANTED — Position as dishwasher. Address
box 3532, Call office. .
GOOD barber wants Job; $10 week; have rea-
I son for this add. 172 Minna at. room 12.
NURSE" with good hospital and. physicians'
references; obliging and satisfaction always
given. F. M. JONES, residence 200 Van
Ness ave.; tel.- South 857. ' !
CHEF cook wishes position; city or country,
steady and reliable: best of references - from
. first-class houses. Box 3565, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as private gardener; ex-
perienced; best of references. SGO Union st,
Oakland. "
, j SITUATION wanted by a colored man; Janitor.
1 window washer, porter, dishwasher or scrub
1 man. i Address J. CARR. 247 Stevenson st. •
H WANTED— Situation as rtatlonary englneer'by
I sober reliable man. Address bpx 3564, Call.'
•' BARKEEPER would like to secure position;
, I city or country; reference. Box 3566. Call.
I RESPECTABLE man. .. experienced Janitor.
j wants any kind of work around hou«e or
I store for small compensation. Box 3539. Call.
i YOUNG man wishes a position as cigar drum-
! mer; has city and country trade; none but a
! I first-class house need answer. Box 3538. Call.
j ENGINEER and electrician; can make all re-
1 j pairs and do all wiring pipe fitting. Box
1 3533. Call.
• EXPERIENCED man wants position as fore-
man on stock range or farm; city referneces.
Address box 3527. Call office. »
) ! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received nt Call branch office. 220O Fillmore.
; i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an!
. j eubscriptlons has been established at 1060
I I Valencia st. ¦ . '
: : HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
A— WANTED— Girls and women at S. F. Hair-
dressing College to learn halrdressing trade
thoroughly In 2 weeks: course $5. including
manicuring, massage; scalp treatment, bleacn-
-ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
.' wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
luate; no fake promises; our^pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions ln'stores all
over city; 6 positions in leading stores open to
- those entering Immediately; girl not knowing
trade In 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
OPERATORS at Lev; Strauss & Co.'b Overall
Factory, 32% v Fremont at; no experience
necessary: good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. .-.'¦> . .
WANTED — Experienced art goods saleslady.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. • m. at HALE
BROS'. ¦ --• .
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS'., between 8 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — An experienced saleslady for cloak
i and suit department; C o'clock house. Ad-
. dress M. F. & CO.. box 3499, Call office.
CULTURED woman for business position;
some experience in the nursing line desirable.
Box 3408. Call office. - ¦ • ¦ " '
WANTED— Girl to do second work and wait-
ing; also sewing. Apply at Hotel Richelieu,
.room 18. •.-.-' - .-¦.*•¦
A GIRL to assist in general housework. Call
at 825 Hayes st. . ¦ " .-. • ¦
A GIRL for light housework and take care of
a child. 1632 McAllister st. __^
FIRST-CLASS tailoress, all ready for work, at
112 Kearny st, room 7 (steady Job). >¦
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st. ; references.' .'.--¦
CAL. College of Hairdressing and Message su-
perior to all others; ladies requested to visit
the classes; all who enter this week get full
course for $4. 305 Larkin st; take elevator;
ladles' work done free.- :
WANTED — Girls to fold shirts, also a. few
' bright girls about 10 years of age to work
in shirt factory. Apply The L. ELKUS CO.,
29 and 31 Battery st - • '
APPRENTICE In millinery store at C93 Mc-
¦ Alllster gt ; first-class teaching. .
WANTED — Girl for- plain cooking and gen-
eral housework; small family. 1519 Grove.
A GERMAN woman as governess: state re-
, Hglon; -salary $30. Box 2994. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109*)
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ - ' -¦
MIS CELtANEOOS FOR S/^E-Cpii.
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments; billiard
,.,i .„.] fahips- easy terms or rented. Tna
Co.. 652 Mls.lon.
WAITED— Five square pianps. good for
BY^ON MAUZY. 308 Post st
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; J£r«J«£"«®J»
lined safe, perfect order. 21b California st.
GASOLINE engines, all ¦ 1 «f-J iew a * n^ l ;?ri 1 n * n .1'
and launches. J. E. DOAK. S9b Allsslon st.
ENGINES and boilers; "second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. loO Beale st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and-bollera
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 0 fatevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand* moving plc-
tures. BUCLARP & CRECK, 131 Post st._
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Rollins to^Twritlng_<Iesk. Box 34S6*
Call office. "-
WILL pay cash and good prices for old aeal-
skjns. Address at once, box 1205. Call of flee.
TILTON wants good- second-hand clothing and
theatrical good3. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2651.
jUl.NE x"_ TO LOA V.
HERMAN MURPHY, COS Examiner bulldlngr.
' " $4,500,000 at lowest rates
...... on first and second mortgages
- Life Interests In estates
Property being held in trust ........
. Undivided interests in real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, CPU Examiner big.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5 M; & 6 Per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will puv-
chasa above securities. Tel. Red 5034. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
'. 24 Montgomery at, room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 1»»,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLfeEN.
ANY amount lowest rate, on furniture; piano
or household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORM3BY. 20 Montgomery st. op-
posite Llck_Hou3e ; __ __^_______
i MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
! Geary st; phone Red 1C03..
I __ZZZZI '¦
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1SC3;
' proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
I Office, » Grant av., nr. Mkt.; tel. Black o4*l.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
I party; no removal: no commission; conflden-
| tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. S01 Jones.
On real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages. & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room til3.
O>T fufnlture. pianos; no removal; money
¦ quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
j age; reliable party. 1170 Market at. room 63.
! Money loaned salaried people without security.
j HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
! ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
j $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
I CASH loaned-to salaried people on note without
I Indorser. MORRELL. 60D Examiner bids.
i 3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
i moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
I $10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: private
, party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
!' Lowest rates, furniture planoa ; no removal: no>
j commia.; confidential. AVhitehead, 1710 Mkt.
! ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome- st.
! ON salaries without Indorser; other propoai-
i tions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 30O Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
" both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliabl»
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 pef month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
' Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
r.er Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos.
ETRON MAUZT Planoa.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post at.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos frcm $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng. Mason
& Ham'.in. Voae, Sterling planoa.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited if purchased:
Installments $3 up; big allowance for old
pianos: bargains $25 up in Steinways, Heine.
Checkering, etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $S5; s!x-octav«
Mason & Hamlin organ. $35; Steinway
square. $100: elegant burl walnut Camemo
upright, used, only few months, $275: Bech-
Fteiu baby grand, almost new. BOWERS «*
SON. 23 Fifth at.: IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim*
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regulai
price; costs you only JOc a day to buy a piane
from us. KOHT.ER & CHASE. 30 CFarreU
Et. ; established 1S5O. -. ¦*.
WE "have pianos to show you during the spe-
cial sale of this month that wll! cost you
very little in comparison with their reaJ
value; it Is money in your pocket to take ad-
vantage of this offer. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
$147 "WILL buy a good new ptanu during on»
clearance ?ale at 9-'E> Market st. ; second-hand
pianos, $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
COMPANY. ¦
A — PIANO, left on sale for lack of space, will
rent, store or sell: no reasonable cash offet
refused. 217 Geary at., room 30.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values best in the city. PIERCE" 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A — SLAUGHTER sarte of storage pianos: dlrl
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market «t.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up;
easy paymta. Fay' a Piano House, 1720 Mlssp.
NEW piano'sold at sacrifice; taken for debt
Apply 103 Oak st.
10O NEW pianos $M a month; money allowed o»
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO. t 217 Geary at
PIANO, pianola and music left on sale; nj
reasonable offer refused. 217 Geary st
PRIVATE carty will sacrifice account deatl!
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 595 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month,
SCOTT-OURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes at
$175— A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ,
1(*» McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
MUT.I.ER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham placet
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market-
Shor.lnger. Schubert and Steinway bargain*
? XEW " YGIE>1C TREATMENT. ~
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Nes»
ave.: hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4:>>phon» PolU 1421.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckeis bulldtng. 027 Market at. — Of-
fices with modern conveniences, $15 to $2&
ASHTON & GARDINER.
: OIL.
j OIL • tanks. " second hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 51t> Mission st
;/¦ ¦ PALMISTRY.'
: G. L. Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2033.
i H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 51J
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5ol.
!,;."-¦ PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER for established tailor business; in-
tend to enlarge; , must have knowledge ol
business and can command trade; must hav»
$750 cash; only bona fide offers considered.
Address box 3490. Call office. ¦ ' • ""
PLANING AJiD TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory turning, planing, shaplna
and sawing. - CARL F. HAAS. 05 Fremont,: The only change-' in f the board Is ¦* the
election of B. Faymonvllle; vice president
of the i Fireman' s v Fund Insurence • Com
pany.v.who succeeds 1 Charles A. : Laton;
•who »has retired from the management of
the ¦."company formerly represented -'by
him. "•- Mr.oLeton has .been; president of
the Underwriters' !r Flra ; Patrol . 1 consecu
tivelyfor- twenty.-flye years past :•
¦The new.' officers, of the '•- patrol -are:
Presldentr ¦WHllam*Macdonala; vice pres>
ident, , John . Scott WVilson;* secretary rand
treasurer, Rudolph i Heroid Jr," • ¦'
The following members were elected a
board '.. of ' directors ,' of s ' the '-Underwriters*.
Fire Patrol - at ; the annual : meeting- ; hold
yesterday: . . "Wllllaih Macdonald.f L; ,;L.
Broxnwell," George ¦ W.', Spehcer,\V. ; Caru3
Driffleld, ", John Scott WUson,; Bernard
Faymbnvllls and: Rudolph 'Heroid Jr.
Years President of tlie Patrol,
. . Tenders ; Kesigiiation. :
Charles A. : I^iton, f or . ¦ Twenty-Fivo
UNDEUWBITERS > ELECT
BOAiRD OF: DIBECTOBS
England spends £8,400,000 a year on her
paupers, Scotland £900,000, Ireland £1,400
000. France spends less than £1,300,000.
VICTORIA, B C. Jan 23 — The boat found in
Barclay Sound was not a war ship's boat, but
plainly that of s. coaster. .
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 23— Fr bark Moliere,
for San Francisco. : •
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Jan 25 — Stmr St
Denis, from Ensenada.
Sailed Jan 23 — Schr Courtney Ford, for Port
Townsend. ¦ •
FOREIGN PORT. -i*; v
VICTORIA, B C— Sailed Jan 23— Nor stmr
Titania, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco 1
ship Benjamin F Packard, from Ladysmith,
for San Francisco. -
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
MEMORANDUM.
C^E Peterson, Seattle W Brooks, Chicago
M C Murtagh, Los Ang O Watts, Iowa
F Sllva & w. N Y N SUloatasin. Japan
C B Brown, Sacto Z Kanada, Japan
J Shaughnessy, Sacto A McGarey,' Colo
C A Pallle, Angel Is W J Dugan. B C
F L Kouncy. K City C Mygard, Wash
Mrs W Gallagher, Or R J McBrlde, U S N
G J Leltz. Reno J A McAlar. U S N
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL ABBIVAI,S.
r'Same owner with Wagner Bros.-" (contractors)"
architect | same — Painting, \ varnishing and doI
lshlng'for came on same;* $ 1235. .
. Same owner ; with ; George : H. Tay .' Company
(contractors), -.'architect • same — Low pressure
steam-heating plant and hot-water generating
plant for same on same; $1490. . • »","«.
.-. Same - owner with A.- J.' McNlcoll Elevator
Company (contractors), architect same — One di
rect •¦> electric ; passenger ."• elevator' with grill
fronts, etc., it or. same on -same; $2075. ¦ ."-,-'
!¦: Same- owner iwlth James ¦ E.' Britt (contrac
tor),'architect same— Plumbing and gas fitting
etc.", for same on same; 1 $35S8.'- :¦- .- • - . . '
Julia Zwieg (owner) with. G. Peterson (con
tractor), architect Herman Barth — Excavations
brick, carpenter, iron and steel work. -concrete
work for a. five-story frame building with brick
basement, on N line of Sutter street, 181-6 W
of Powell.vN 137:6. W 25:4%. g to point on N
line: of; Sutter street, 207:2% W of Powell, E
25:8%: $16,660. - .... . . .,-'*."
Builders' Contracts.
-William' and Hannah Neal to George A, and
Mary Kelley."-. lot on S line of Lake street 82*6
W of Second avenue.-. W. 25 by S 100; $20 ' • '
: P. J. Sullivan to Amanda C. and Samuel'R
-Crooks, Margaret J. MorffeW, R. S. Browne and
Thomas A." Keigh (trustees Robert L. Crooks
minor), lot on SE line of Stevenson street BT-ii
NE of Third, NE 120." SE 69, SW 20 SE 69 '
SW . 74:6.- NW 38.V SW 4. NW 31, SW 21-6
quitclaim deed; $10. •..¦ • . ¦
Estate of Jean Lauder,(by Frances C Prlest
executrix) . to Silas W. Lauder, -lot-on. NW line
of "Bryant street, 75 NEof Fourth. ,NE 40- bv
NW 80; $2000.: .. : : ..
. Llllle or Lily von Hager (Brauer) and Franz
and, Sadie Brauer to Pietro Musant^, . lot on N"
line of ¦ Union • street, . 138 E > of Mason E 22-*>
by N 137:0; $10/ ' .. ;-'..-•-
Emma L. Burnett (Heringer) to John I • and
Mary Major, lot on N line of Twenty-second
street, 25 E .of 'Hampshire. E 15 by N 97:6; $10
Mutual Savings Bantf to John Courtney lot
on SE line of City : Half avenue, 175 ne O f
City Hall square, NE 25 by SE 100, City Hall
lot 54; $10,000. /;' , ,.:
¦Estate of : Catherine. McDonald ¦ (by • Julia
Joyner, I administratrix) to Frank W. Collins
lot on W line" of "Pond street,. 128:6 S of Six
teenth, S 25 by W 80; $825. ; . - .
Kosetta L.' Gee, George L. and Margaret E.-
Center to Charles A. Malm, lot on NE corner
of Eighteenth and Folsom : streets, • N - 125 E
157:0%. S 125, W 165:1; $10. ' . .', .
¦ Hibernia Savings and Loan Society' to Wil
liam Peters, lot on SW corner of Duncan and
Guerrero streets, S 114, WHO N 5:4 N108-R
E 116:4%; $10,000. I- ' .'-. ±vo - a -
Jesse- G.MIllsap- or Millsaps to Wllltam J
McKee, lot on W line of Ashbury street 150
N of Fell, N 25 by W 106:3 (quitclaim deed)"
Rosa' V. de Scott to Philip H. Flood, lot on
S Tine of Page street, 127:3^4 W of Baker W
25 by S 115; $10. . j /. '
Emma A. Gardner and as trustee estate of
Margaret E. Tate to £. L. Van der Naillen
lot on-N llne-of-Post street,' 1G5 W of Brod
erick, W 41:3 by N 137:6;. $10. .
William F. and Anna TV Ohm (Tobenboske)
to EvaristoE. Carreras, lot on S line of Green
street, 92:6 E of Webster, E>- 100 by S 137:6;
$10. , :
Hanorah O'Connor to Julian Thome, lot on
S line of Pacific avenue. 100 E of Octavia
street, E 37:6. S 127:6, W 60, N 40, E 12:6,
N 87:C; $10. . ' " '
Allen H. Piper et al. vs.. Ella Doll et al. (by
G. H. Umbsen. - referee) to William H. Sneda
ker, lot on S line of Bush street, 237:6 W of
Larkin.. W 25 by S 120; $3850.
Same to same, lot on S line of Bush street,
137:6 W of Larkin.' W 25 by S 120; $3500.
- Same to same, lot on S line of Bush street,
112:0 W of Larkin, W 25'by S 120; $3800.
Same to same, lot on W line of Larkin street.
35 S of Bush, S 27:6 by W 112:6; $3850.
. Perry J. and Emma G. Smith to Frank H.
Smith, lot on W line of Munich street, 75 S
of Brazil, S 25 by W 100. lot 8. block 82, Ex
celsior Homestead, quitclaim deed; $900.
Sydney . Manning to William Nicol. lot 223,
Gift Map 1; $10.
Cora B. Smith (wife of Sydney V.) to San
Francisco Dry Dock Company (a corporation),
SE extremity of Hunter's Point at a post NW
3 chains 35 links, SW 12 chains, NW 10 chains
50 links, NE 13 chains 50 links. SB 1 chain
50 links, SE 5 chains 18 links (10 acres); also
land under water in ¦ front of and adjoining
above described as commencing at above point,
NW 3 chains 85 links. SW 12 chains. SE 11
chains CO links, NE . 13 chains. NW 5 chains
34 links. NW 4 chains 23 links. NW 11 chains
40 links, SW 80 chains 90 links, NE 13 chains
50 links, SE 1 chain 50 links. SE 5 chains' 18
links (10 ¦ acres) ; excepting ; .commencing at
same point NW 5.18 chains, NW 1.50 chains,
S 13.50 chains. SE7.80 chains,. NE 14.30 chains,
containing 10 acres, quitclaim. deed; $1. ¦ •
Syndicate Investment Company to Guillermo
ZHlatorre, lot on W line of Peralta avenue
(Boise street), 105 S of Powhattan street, S
25 by W 86, block 4, Barman's Map; $700.
Fred B.' Surryhne to Sven Danielson. lot ISO,
Cobb Tract; |10.
Same to Charles L>. Bondell, .lot 187, same;
$10.
Same to Louis L. Bondell, lot 188, . same,
*1<>. , __ _'¦¦ ' _ ¦
George -and Ines Fredricks to "Wlllam Don
ald, undivided one-half interest In O L block
635, bounded by H and I streets and Thirty
eighth and Thirty-ninth avenues; $10.
BEAL: ESTATE TBANSAC?TION"S.
Senator Perkins also obtained a favor
able report to-day on a bill for a fog
signal and light station at Point Bttchon.
His bill for a fog aignal and light sta
tion at Piedras Blancas Pofnt was intro
duced to-day and will be reported favor
ably. ; ¦¦'¦""¦
The bill providing for the establishment
i of a light and fog signal station on Mile
Rocks, in San Francisco Bay; fog bell
and lens lantern light on the southeast
.ern end of Southampton Shoal; light and
i fog signal at a point on Carqulnez
i Strait opposite that now. occupied by the
Selby ¦ Smelting Works; a lightship for
Blunts Reef, off Cape Mendocino, and a
fog signal at Fort Wlnfield Scott, Fort
-Point. - • ';
Senator Perkins has secured from the
Committee on Commerce favorable . re
ports on the following bills," which he re
cently introduced and which have been
placed on the calendar and will shortly
be taken up and passed without objec
tion: -
Captain C. M. Thomas is detached from
the command of the Oregon, commencing
February 10, and will go home and wait
orders. Captain J. G. Eaton is detached
from the Boston Navy-yard and assigned
to the command of the Oregon, February
10, relieving Captain Thomas;
First Lieutenant Samuel F. Dallam.
Fifth Cavalry, Fort Slocum, N. Y.', has
been ordered for duty with the recruits
for the Philippines, via San Francisco.
Captain James Canby, paymaster, now
in San Francisco, will report to the com
manding general of the Department of
California. .
Captain Eugene Coffin, paymaster, has
been relieved from duty in the depart
ment of California and ordered to Boa
ton. . . . '
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original:! Walter J. Pfaff, San
Diego, $6. Increase: Michael Karney,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $8; Andrew Jac
quilard. Soldiers' • Home, Los Angeles, HO;
Sylvester Clements. Los Angeles, $30;
John 3. Atherton, Delano, ?1Q. Mexican
War: Nathaniel A. Bailey, Hornltos,
$12. Widows: Julia A. Bundy, Los An
geles, $8. War with Spain: James Man
ning (mother), San Francisco, $12.
Oregon— Increase: William T. Welch,
Salem. $10. .
Contract Surgeon Joseph L. . Sanford
has been ordered from Clifton, Va., to
San Francisco, for transportation to the
.Philippines.
Washington— William H. Isaacs, Pes
hasten. Appointed: Washington— M. I.
Vroman, Wayside, Spokane County, vice
George Vroman. deceased. ; —
Oregon — Isaac F. Davls.^ Dairy; Nancy
E. Mayfleld, Spikenard.
Postmasters commissioned:-. California
— Lem Meyer, 'Falrfleld; Juan S.~Soto,
Liordsburg. . ¦ '
WASHINGTON, D. C, Janl 23.—Post
offices established: California—Shoe
maker, Los Angeles County, Abram H.
Shoemaker ppstmaster; Sudden, Santa
Barbara -County, Erasmus Payntor post
master. '¦"'-' '-¦-' . . . .
Several Changes Hade in the Post-
office Department and New
Pensions Granted.
O3? TTTTTTRTRST TO PEOPLE
OF THIS PACIFIC COAST
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.— The general
rain predicted -for Southern ' California
reached Los Angeles at 10 o'clock to-night
and at midnight continues in gentle show
ers. Conditions have been favorable for
rain the past twenty-four .hours and hope
is expressed that the long dry spell will
be effectually broken in the next twelve
hours. Clouds have hung over the moun
tains all day and occasional breaks
showed Mount Lowe and, the surrounding
peaks white with snow : which * extends
well down ; toward ( the valley.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 23— A gentle
rain . ¦ commenced about " sundown ¦ this
evening, with every indication : of con
tinuing ( throughout the • night, r. A. -. good
precipitation is greatly needed to save
the grazing on the stock-ranges through
out the county. : As yet no grain has been
planted owing -to. lack of. rain.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan: 23:— Since the rain
of last Wednesday morning the weather
here has cleared off and the temperature
has moved up several degrees. There is
no indication of a further precipitation in
this vicinity at present. '
. FRESNO, Jan.;' 23.— Rain began falling
at 5 o'clock this evening and at midnight
the. . precipitation continues. < Conditions
are reassuring for a moderately heavy
downpour. The rain: will be beneficial to
wheat and " feed and will stimulate plow
ing in certain sections. ( ,
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 23.— A heavily over
clouded sky and south winds give prom
ise of rain in this section, but during the
morning there have been only slight driz
zles. Reports from the back country are
to the same effect. >. . "
SANTA ANA, Jan. 23.— Rain clouds have
been hovering over the Santa Ana Val
ley ever . since the shower of • Wednesday
morning and the indications are .excel
lent for rain to-night. A good rain would
be of immense advantage to the ranchers
of this'county.. . '
Prospect in the South.
GERMANTOWN, Jan. 23.— Never before
wkere the prospects of an abundant ¦ har
vest better - ; in Glenn County than now.
Rains have been- favorable, cold weather
has lessened the likelihood of the too
early blossoming of fruit trees and an
other opportune rain began falling this
morning. It was intermitting during the
day ana still continues. . The season's
rainfall to date is 6.2 inches, against 5.5
to the same date last season. .
JAMESTOWN, Jan. 23.— Light showers
have fallen throughout this section this
afternoon. The precipitation up v to C
o'clock is .15 of an inch. Strawberry,
thirty-five .miles above here, reports six
inches of snowfall up to the same hour.
The indications 'are- for' a continuance of
ihe storm. to-night. ¦
MODESTO, Jan. 23.— Rain began falling
at "noon to-day and kept up steadily all
day. At 7 o'clock this evening the fall
was a quarter of an inch. Indications are
favorable for a continuance. Crops In this
Immediate section were not suffering, but
on the west side of the San Joaquin River
there was very much need of rain. The
present storm will add to the reserve
moisture and encourage all who feared a
dry year. • . . ,• -^
Fear of Drought Ends.
Snow fell from Redding to the Oregon
line with increasing severity toward the
northward. At Weaverville and all over
Trinity County the snowfall began
"Wednesday night- and is heavy.. It is a
boon to the miners, who need . water.
Towns south of. Redding report no snow,
but rain is falling steadily. It Is wel
comed by the farmers. ¦ •
REDDING, Jan. 23.— The first snow
flakes to fall in Redding since'the opening
days of 1901 began at 9 o'clock this morn
ing. The fall increased and the flakes
grew larger. For. an hour it snowed
heavilyj .then intermittently. . The i wet
ground caused the s'nowffb melt rapidTy.
The. snow ceased at noon and rain drla
zled all afternoon. A heavier snowfall Is
expected to-night. . .-¦-:¦
GRASS VALLEY. Jan. 23.— The first
snow this winter began falling here this
morning. ¦' For a time big flakes came
down thick and fast and indications
seemed good for a big storm, ",but the air
was not cold enough and the snow, melted
almost as soon as it fell.' At 1 o'clock
the -enow was ! still falling, but slightly.
The atmosphere is growing colder and the
appearances are good for more snow. A
big cold snowstorm would be . welcomed,
as the higher Sierras are almost bare and
mining men are dubious over the outlook
for the water supply for next summer.
J.MERCED,. Jan, 23.— Rain began; falling
here early this evening, and at 9 o'clock
about half an inch had fallen, with the
prospect of a continued downpour during
the night. Owing. to the particularly fa
vorable season for putting in grain an
increased acreage has been sown in this
section and the present rain will prove in
calculably beneficial -to the crop, espe
cially to the late "sown grain. The need
for rain had become somewhat pressing.
SANTA - ROSA, Jan. 23.— Despite ¦ the
predictions of the weather clerk, which
scheduled fair weather and light westerly
winds, a heavy, storm set in this morning
and 'continued all day. The total rainfall
to date is about ten inches, compared to
nineteen ¦ inches last year at this time,
but vegetation is in splendid shape. Dur
ing the day almost an inch of water fell.
MILTON, Jan. 23.— A light rain com
menced falling here at noon to-day, and
with the sky heavily overcast and a brisk
wind from the 1 southeast a generous
downpour is ¦ looked for. The present
storm is timely, but at the same time
grass ! and grain were not suffering for
rain in this vicinity and both stockraisers
and wheat growers report prospects ex
ceptionally good for this season of the
year. '
TRACT, Jan. 23.— The farmers are re
joicing. The finest rain of the season .is
in progress, .50 of an inch having fallen
up to this evening. Indications are good
for a continuance. Feed ~ has suffered
more than grain. This rain will benefit
all | feed and stockmen , are happy.
STOCKTON. Jan. 23.— The long-looked
for rain has come at last. Shortly before
noon . to-day it began falling, and there
is every . indication that a - protracted
storm is to ensue. It comes at a time
when it will be of incalculable benefit to
the farming interests. The Btorm contin
ues to-night. .... - - - - , . :
..SACRAMENTO, Jan. 23.— Rain com
menced falling * here at 10 o'clock this
morning.—. There was a good downpour,
lasting about one hour : and a | half. The
rain will be of great benefit to crops, par
ticularly to grain. It is raining again to
night.
WOODLAND, Jan. 23.— There have been
intermittent showers since 10 o'clock this
morning. -The wind la in the right quar
ter and all Indications are favorable for
a good storm. / :*.- •- . ,__•_
| SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.— It has been rain
ing: lightly ; since 11 a. m., and the pros
pects are good for a . continuance.
Indications in Southern pali
fornia Are for More
Moisture.,
Timely Downpour Im
proves the Crops in
. , til a btate.
RAIN DELIGHTS
GRAIN GROWERS
THE :;.SAK FRANCISCO/ CALL, FRIDAY; JANUARY 24, 1902.
11
BAXLWAY TBA VEL.
banta re
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
[ '¦ £ i Local bLim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:18 a 11:45 a 11 !l0p 7:18 p
•• Merced.. 12:25 p l:17-p 1:30a 9:11 p
'• Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
• " Hanford. 3:12p 3:27p 8:05a.
" Visalia.. 3:39p ... 5:00a
"Bakersfd 6:15p 5:20p 7;45a
•• Kan.City | 2:40a 7:30a.......
" Chlcaso- >...¦¦. -4 2:15 p| 9:00 p|
~ a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars', and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
. local * first-class passengers.' No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-'-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. daily
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local.^Corresponding- train arrives at 12:30
, p. m. daily." . - ( ¦ ¦ ¦
-¦ 8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers, and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
¦ ¦ Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p m
daily. '
, 7:20 a. m.' Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points. in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.'
¦ Offices — 641. Market .street and in Ferry
Depot, San; Francisco; 1112 -Broadway,
Oakland. . . - ...
Y; KEriRY J.' GALLAGHER CO.?
- ' (Successor to Flanna^an & Gallagher.)
' : DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
. 20 Fifth Bt., opposite Lincoln' School.
Telephone South SO. .
OFFICE 916 MARKET, STREET.
- , - J. HENDERSON, Manager.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
. 6AN BRUNO HILLS.
'Samuel McFadden.^18 years manager for
the ¦ United Undertakers' Association : M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.." have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. .'
NEW F1KM OF UNDERTAKERS.
JAWBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn' Bros:, ¦ has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676., •
W68Qy-Gaii$L00B8TY6aP
McGinn. BROS.. '».•*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ,and
ERS. to 224! and :22Ci McAllister St. - (For-
merly of 31 Eddy ft. ' Tel. South 252.) ¦'- -
REMOVED!
¦f*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
¦flqjgrjffla 629 EEABKT ST. Established
fi^f^YSJlIii 1S3* for the treatment of I'rlvutft
Jjli9s,-j^W D!.ica»e!i, Lost Munliood. Debility or
¦@SHHHHbdl.M»a8e wearing nn body an«l mlntl and
slcl " Di*?n»es. TlieDoctorcureswhen
t^i!PHgQSfi5Siolher3 fail. Try him. t -barges l<vw.
S?M&s3SSKBt?are*gru:irnnlv?d. Cnllorwrft*
Dr. J. JT. OtBBOK. iiaii Francisco. CaL7|Ma
PI0UNTTAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave . Via Sansalito Ferry , • Arrive ¦«
San Fran. : Foot of Market St. San Fran.
«-30 a. 8:00a, _^- WBirai _ k , T « tt T4o 1-00 P. 9:45 a.
1:15p. *.»« w " kBwi ."* >i .. 5:5» P.
Tm, 3aa Tnmdm t» SwunU ud R<tan. «.«.
CAMOSeM. «U 1UB.1ZI SUUXI ud BaC3AIO0 KOI
.' " Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 29 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
. r > AND SAN RAFAEL. - - ALlUrjX
WEEK DAYS— 0:55, 8:30, *9:30, 11:00 a. m
?1:45, 3:15; 4:15, 5:15. »«:15,'6:45 p - m "
EXTBA. TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael " on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 8:30 and 11:40 p. m. ¦ al^ r
SUNDAYS— •8:00, »10:00, »ft:30 a m *l-15
3:15 *4:45. 6:30, 0:30 p. m. :;¦>--- /V- • ¦ -^
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:45, 8:35 10 "5
a. m., '12:25, 2:15. *3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p Vn
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, , Wednesdava
and\Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:5& p m
SUNDAYS— « :15, »10:00. hl:'i5 a m.
•1 :40, *3 :15, n 4 :45, «6 :30 p.~ m. * rrr
• Trains marked (*)' start - from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS — 5 :45. 6 :48. 7 :55, ' 8 :55 10 -Yo
a m.. 12:35, 2:45,:3:50. 5:10 p. m. ' °
"EXTRA TRIPS' on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7: 10. and 10:35 p m.
SUNDAYS— S:05,; 10:05 a.* m., r 12:05 2-15"
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m. - . ,
¦' .'-,".• THROUGH TRAINS.
" 6:53 a. m, -week days — Cazadero . and way
stations. ' "" •
1 :45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. - <\ : 1 ¦•¦¦>¦¦"
8:00 a. m." Sundays — Duncan Mills ana way
stations. .-; ' adqnmpga«MOT^WBH*BMnG)BhIj
---> Legal Holiday ¦ boats and , trains will rua on
Sunday t<TT " TlmiWUHtBlf iltTTT Vn 1 :
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Cillf 0BN1A NORTB^TSTERN RY.^Ca
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PAClFi*
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot ot Wlarlcet St.
San Fran;!s>u i»> tian I-H^"j-jt. -
WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:C0, 11:CO a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 6:1©, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:00 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
baa Ituiasi to !'"nn Francisco.
WEEK-DAYS- 6:10, 7:50. 8:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45; 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
- trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m. _^
Leave I In Effect I ! Arrive
San i"rancisco. |Apr. 28, 1901 [ San Francisco.
W«ek I Sun- | j Sun- I Week
Daya. 1 days, j Destination | daya. 1 Day3.
7:30am| 8:00am Novato. 10:40am| 8:40am
3:30pm| 9:30am Petaluma, tt :05pm 10:25am
5 :10pm I 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm| 6:20pm,
. . Fulton,
7:30am Windsor, 10:23am
5:00pm Healdaburg, 10:40am
I Lytton,
[ Geyserville,
-3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hooland, 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am|and UKlan. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am . 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
. 3 :30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and :.'
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm,
7-30am| S:00amt ll0:40am|10:25am
'3:30pm| 5:C0pm| Sabastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton ,for: Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggrs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for-
Duncan Springs,-. Highland Springs, Kelsey-
ville Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and 'Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs.- Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake Porno.
Potter "Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Ller ley's,
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr*s
Hot Springs.- Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport Usal, Willlts, Laytonville, Cummina.
Bell's Springs..'. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
i , Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
! duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. €30 Market street. Chronicle
bU H? 'cf ' WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. , Gen. Pass A«t.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trmtaa l*nv« nmt art «!¦«• to jtrrlv • »»
" 'MAN riCANCIMt'O. '
<Mahi line. Foot ol Market 3tr»aO
MATB — - T>OM DtCIXBX* 6. 1901. — AMTTl
7i*Oa Bniidfc, Suiaun, Elmlr* aad 8aer»-
meuto SO-ip
*>Ma VacaiUIo, V/lat-nJUnruter "*M#
. ««»a» S1»rtii^z.3ttuU»o.oo.V»I!eiJ!>. N«5K
CaUatcga and Santa- Una* «s33»
1:0Oa D»tU, Woodlmd. KaigaU Landing,
M«xjitille. OtdtCIa. 7:31?
8:00 1 A tUatfo Kxpreas— Ogdeti and EmI *;3J*
•«OOa Nll*». Lithrap, Stockton ~>23»
tMiMln, Mendot*. Hanford. Viaalla.
Porterrtlle 4:33*
•<*•* 8h»»ta Ks ar«»— D»t1», Wiulaina (to*
Btxtlctt Srrircs), Willow*. F.8U
Bluff. PortUmL. 7i33f
•ito* flau Joss, LItermore, .Htoekion,
lone, ftaerainento. Pl»e<T»ina,
M»rys*lll«. G'hfe». U*tl ItlniT 4iS3r
•tSOa Oakil»la.Cb!nei«,t)ocnra. Tuolnmns 4iSSr
»¦•»» II»yw»nl, Nile* mud Way Stations.. lliSJ*
•»OOAV»UeJo IJs33»
tiOUA Los AncelM Express — AUriliiMz.
Trsey. Lathrop. Mtockton. Mrreci
Fre»:io >nd Lev Angales 7:33a
».3O a V all..).,. Af&rtbies ami Wij Htitinn* 7:33*
I««O«A Tba OT&tlanAUialtaJ— Oiidau. L'»u-
ver. Oiu.ha. Chicago (liSSr
tliOOr Saeraiii.titol.'WorSlotninni fill***
tiSOr IteuicU, Winters. H«cr*nienio,
WimmIIsih), K11M1U landing,
lUtjti 111*. Orutlllv IB:33a
•i80r H>Tw»rd, Kilr» and tV»f Buttons.. 7i33»
«!«»«r Martin**. Kin , Ramon. VulUJo,
N1.p1. t:«IlHt..»«.. Kuita llooa »>3.1»
4soor Nllaa, UTennore. Btockton. Lo<il... 12>sa»
«i3«»r Htjirard, Nlie«,«m Jn»e, Lfrrrmon |St3d«
4:8l>i>Tlio O«t Limited — Fiasiio, Tulua, '
lUkcnQelt!, 8anr>a for SotiU li»J-
bora. Lot Ancelm ......>... S:SS»
SiUOp Port Coats. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 o:S3a
BtOCp MartiiK-z. Antloch. Stockton, llor-
ced, FraBno 1*<S3?
•»««p Haywimi, Nile» »ml .Man Jo«4 7s33 s
ftteor Vnllejo IIj23*
¦¦•Or Oriental Mall— Ogilen. Hentor. '
thiiaha. St. I*>u!s. Chloig-' 4«33*
?i«Ur Oregon Ami OaliromU Kxi>r««i.Haa.
Mtiueiito. Mnrj»rilln. CciMing. ' ¦
." .- Pa.tL.ml. r.igoO rtmn.it »>..! K«»k S<9»*
«'«'rSm Psblo. Port (;onta, JUrtlnei
•ml Way tilatloui I!«aa4
JStOSp Y>llHo • 7:3ay
COAST IilNE (S«rrow <i.iu K e).
- : (Fm.t of Sl.rkct Strgf t.> ¦
— lil.T* Newark. «Ji:nt,,r < lite.s».»Jo«<j,Krlt4..., '" —
Iioiil(IerCrrek,»»iil»Cnix»i>tl\Va|
MlakifHM SiStf
ttllSr Nevntrk. CanterTllIv. $*v .lose, lin«
Ahimiiou. ITfltiiii, ItntiUlur lin-olr.
Banta t.'rnz ami 1 rl:ic!t>u: Way
Stations «O:1«4
«tl!»p Newarlt, H«n Jon-, I.op r.nlon 18:5O»
¦9.3of Huntera' Train— San J(to sod Way
Buttons V7.t99
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Iron &1S msCIiCO—Faot of K.tkst S:rtet (Slip 8;—
t1:lS 11:00 1I:0Oa.h. 1:03 3: JO 5:12c*,
fftmOtlUilff— rMl«'Bt«.-J»»».-fl<i.U0 J1:00 J3;00
IOiOQa.ii. 12:33 2.53 i:D3f.»t.
COAST lilXK (P-rOBirUnuRe). .
(Third .¦MlTownaeM.ISt*.)
«s I «»A Bau J.-oe and W»y .statiuns «ii4«£
7:0»A Nan .li.»« nr. t l VVuy .Stat-i. 1,1 „ fStMOV
/7«»»A N«w Alira.lt-ti. / 4:Itt»
SiOOa Coast Lhie Limited — >«n Jose.
Gljr< y. Maliviw, San Lni3 Obwpot •
fnnf-i. r.jrlism. I.ih Ai-^I-h unil
. nrincipsJ lnfermrdi»t<Mttitioii» ... 10:439
OiOOa Kin .1<.»... Ti«f 111 o«. M;,mIi« ijik,
- r-.ritu! «ir«.».-. •aihi.n j-bii t.cii
'OTj'b|k>»ii.I Pi-!nci;«a: i»*»rn.eUUta
. Nl:ili..n>4 ... • ,.., l:l»f
IOiXOa Si-A Jcec cihI \T»y Stfttlonn. S:.':0i
IIl'IOa .San .!.ih» ski..! V.'ay SUliolm :>.18a
tSrlAp Kan AUtrn. K< .¦.'.irrol, Mrnln Park.
l'»!» Alto, .Sa:it»«.'!ara, n.m .Ihm,
. Tr?» Pinoii. Rants ttftnr. Sa.'iiios.
.Momerry. ••¦..» INril'.r (Jr-.TB. ..... tK»43*
8:«»r >an.>t)if miii W07 rttiMo.i"!. ti:i<»#
U:iarS»iiJcigB«ii.J 1 rii.flimi! Way SuUmis Kt3tt*
«:30p Snnsrt I Imltrf-Mcrtdajs. Wednf *. -
il-vrs, *"r!<V-«y-. for ijo- A iwIm. Kl
Pa?o New "rreanu ami }»¦•«• Vatk. '
sundsyt. Tcc-nJujs and
Thursday ." >»>:3a
tSsOOrSan Jtm-, f.os Gatos sad 1'riiicipil
W:»y Station*.... ...- .... f!>:00»
5:.1«p flan J.iko hu.1 FriiiOinal U'«y SUttoii* C:.1«f
•!:nrs»J,*,*i W««.4utiuH< 7il«#
":OO p ICew Oilnam Kxp'iws — S«» I.n!»
Ohistpo. Sa.rn 1- nun, Lns Au-
Rolen. D mi.ic- Kl r.iau. New Or-
- 1«. us »inl Kmi „.. TsSOA
ttll;45p 3»i! .Ion- .»¦) \:*y SUtioin ?*M»
A for Morning ~ 1* fnr A f tenioon.
t H111nl.1v eic«i>teil ? only.
• / Tureday • iml Fri.laym.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral I Sunday,
ICTFriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Stablemen's Union No. 8760 are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of "McGinn Bros., 224-226 Mc-
Allister street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
. tery.. ¦¦ . ' - -.'. . ¦ " ¦ .
McGLAUFLIN — In Alameda, January 23, 1902,
Mrs. Emeline' McGlauflin, beloved mother of
Mrs. F. D. Traveller, Lewis W. McGlauflin
and Mrs. Annie B. Jameson Bartlett, and
sister of Edward L. and Phineas P. Ward,
a native , of Wellington, New Brunswick,
' aged SI years 30 months and 10 days. ;
{CTTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),, at 2 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
Hall, • 121 Eddy street, ! under the auspices of
' Pacific Lodge No. 130, F. and A. M. . In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. ' ' ., ¦
MCCARTHY— Inn this city, January 21, 1902.
John McCarthy, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, .aged 43 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Under-
taking Company, 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. . -
LEMMER— In this city, January 23, 1902.
¦ Edwin F. M., beloved son of John ,C. and
Mary Lemmer, a native of San Francisco.
' aged 28 • years 9 months and 28 days. ¦•-
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). 'at 10 o'clock, -from her late resi-
dence, 847 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose'b
Church, where services "will be held. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON — In this city, January 22, 1902,
• Elison Carl, dearly beloved husband of
Nancy Jane Johnson, and father of George
W. Johnson of San Francisco and Mrs. Jo-
seph R. Durbin, James A., William R.' and
S. E. Johnson of Los Angeles and Mrs. Ida
Hudson of Nob, Shasta County, Cal., ' and
Albert and Frank Johnson of Portland, Or.,
a native of Iowa, aged 70 years 8 months
and 29 days. (Portland, Or., and Los An-
geles papers please copy.)
(CTFuneral and interment private.
GLAVEXICH — In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 23, 1902, -Gaspar Glavenich, a
native of Austria, aged 67 years.
HALLOWELL— In Berkeley, January 22, 1902,
Mary Etta, beloved daughter of Charles and
Adda Hallowell. a native of Oakland, aged
2 years 9 months and 24 days.
HENRIQUES— In Oakland, 1311 Eighth street.
January 23, 1D02, Alice V.. daughter, oi
George W. and Alice V. Henriques, a native
of California, aged 4 years 3 months and 20
days.
HILL — In this city, January 22, 1002. Mary,
dearly beloved mother of Hugh Kelly and
Joha Restuch, and grandmother of Phena
Smith, Mamie Prolomester and Frank and
Carmella Auriglio, a native of Dublin, "Ire-
land, aged 67 years 5 months and 7 days.
(H?"Fr lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 24. 1902, at 1 o'clock, from his late
...residence. 719 Green street, thence to the
/ Odd Fellows' Hall, where services will be
held at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of
Templar Lodge No. 17, I. O. O. F. Please
omit flowers.
GARTHORNE^-In Oakland, at 1023 Chester
street. January 23, 1902, Minnie Wilson, be-
loved wife of the late George H.' Garthorne,
and daughter of Mrs. Harriet E. Wilson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 45 years.
(ETFuneral from her late residence. 1615
Lyon street. Saturday, the 25th, at 11
o'clock. " Interment- Dtivate, Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
FEUSIER — In this city, January 21, 1902. Ed-
ward D. Feusier. beloved husband of Phllo-
mene Feusier. father of H. E. C. Feusier,
and brother of Louis Feusier of Stockton, a
native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 66 years 0
months and 24 days.
{CyFuneral and interment at Sacramento
- Sunday, January 26. Remains are at the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
EMER&ON— In this city. January 23, l|02,
. .Polly Emerson \nee Harlow), mother of John
Prlndell Emerson of Council Bluffs and Mrs.
Anna Imhaus of San Francisco, a native of
Whitehall, N. V., aged 90 years 6 months
and 2b days. : . ' •.....-
C3"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
Saturday, January 25, at 1:30 o'clock, from
hall, 607 Union street, where services will be
held under the auspices of the Fishermen's
Association. Remains at the parlors o£ Va-
lente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
near Union. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery.
DENNERY— In this city, January 23, 1902,
Hannah Dennery. relict of the late Alphonse
Dennery, formerly of Sacramento, a native
of Germany.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew ' & Enslish. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Brlgid's Church for services at
9:30 o'clock. ' Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DAVALLE— In this city. January 21. 1902,
Peter Davalle, a native of Genoa, Italy, aged
59 years.'
IE?" Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from tbe Masonic
¦Temple, under the auspices of Excelsldr
Lodge No. "166, F. and A. M. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery, Presidio.
COUGHLEN — In this city, January 22, 1902.
John W.. beloved son of John and the late
. Margaret Conghlen. and brother of. Mrs. .W.
E. Coe and '¦ the late James J. Coughlen, a
native of San Francisco. r
|C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1445- Harrison, street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CORRIGAN— In this city, January 21, 1002,
Peter, beloved husband of .Mary, and father
of Mary, George, Frances and Hattle Corri-
gan and Mrs. L. Davis, a native of Ire-
land, aged 47 years and 1 month. ¦
! O'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -ill Franklin street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi*
soul, commencinz at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ... - '.'
BUXTOX — In this city. January 22. 1902. Wil-
liam T., beloved father of Thomas II., Delia,
F. J., GarHeld, Etta M.. Milton E., Pearl A.
and Violette A. Buxton, a native of Eng-
land, ared 59 years. . .
Cy Remains will be taken to Somersville.
Cal.. for burial. "
CASEY — In this city. January 23> 1902. "Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Hannah
Casey, and loving father of Nellie, Annie,
William and the late Joseph A. Casey, a na-
tive of Parish Kildowery, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 54 years. A member of Loyola
Assembly No. 1. . Y. M. C. "U. _
CJ'Frlcmli" and acqueintances are. respect-
fully lnvitpd to attend the funeral services
to-n.virow (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
re^wience of her daughter. Jin. William God-
beer, WZi Wood street. West Oakland. In-
trrntcnt Mountain View Cemetery. •¦
BRADLEY— In this city. January 23, 1902,
John Bradley, a native of Ireland, j aged 74
years.
BURKE — In this city. January 22. 1902. John,
dearly beloved nusband of Margaret Burke,
and 'father of Joseph, Mamie *and Marguerite
Burke, a native of Claremorrii. County
Mayo.. Ireland, aged 67 years.
ALBERSMEYER— In Bremen. Germany. Jan-
uary 6, 1802. Mrs.' Catharine Albersmeyer.
beloved mother of the late Adoloh Albers-
mcypr, and sinter of Mrs. Adelheid' of San
Francisco, a native of Bremen, Germany,
a;ed CO years and C months.
BOARDMAN— In Oakiand. January 23, 1902,
Harriet Charlesworth, widow of .'the late
Thomas Boardman. and beloved mother- of
-Mrs. ¦ William Godbeer and' Joseph Boardman,
a nntive of Manchester, England, aged CJ
years and :i months. —
DIED.
Albersm'eyer. Mrs. C Lemmef? Edwin F. '
Boardman. Harriet McCarthy, John .
Dradley, John " MeGlauflin. Mrc-'-E.
Burke. John Mwhan. ' Win. P.
Baxton, -William 'T. . o'Keill, PhiliD P. .
Casey. William . Robartson, Katherine
Corrigan, Peter " . Schlessinger, Davis
Coughlen, John \V. ". Schneider. John N.
Davalle. Peter r * - Hmith, Sidney M.
Dennery, I lanr.s h Stevens, . Mary
Emerson r Polly . .Sullivan, Mary
Keusier, Edward D. Tighe, Catherine
Garthornc, Mlnr.ie Tobin. Amelia S.
Clavenich, Gasuar Watkins, Julia
Hallowell. .Marr E. Wlckert. Friedrich
Hchriqucs. Alice V. 'Weisheimer, Sophia
Hill. Mary .- -\ Wilson..! Charles . ;.
¦Johnson, Ellson .C. Wright, John W. Jr.
- ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
*' fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 2 o'clock, from her late residence, 2225 Vj
Pine street. Funeral and interment-' private.
WICKERT — In this city, January 23, 1902,
Friedrich, beloved husband of, Ltna Wlckert,
and father of Mrs. William Schafer and
Henrlch, Friedrich and" Amilie Wickert, a
native of Germany, aged 65 years 4 months
and 13 dayu.-
WILSON — In Oakland, January 23, 1902,
* Charles Wilson of 700 Franklin street, Oak-
land; a native of Sweden, aged 63 years. A
member of the G.- A. R. -. , : •
WRIGHT— In this city, January 22,' 1002, John
W. Wright Jr., beloved son of John Wright
and the late Margaret Wright, and brother
. of Fdward,. George, Henry G., Jeremiah.
Thomas, Robert E. and Maggie Wright, 1 Mrs.
G. F. Muder and- Mrs. 'J. H. Lynn, a native
of California, aged 39 years and 1 month.
• Friday), at 2 -o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence. 1257 Guerrero street. ' Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
WATKINS— In this city, January 23, 1902.
Julia, beloved • wife of Samuel . Watkins,
mother- of Gertrude Boyle, and sister of Mrs.
- Hannah Morris of Eureka, Nev., a native of
England, aged 42 years. . .
WEISHBIMER— In this city, January 22, 1902,
Sophia Hannah, dearly, beloved wife of Au-
¦ gustu.s Weisheimer, mother of Laura J. and
Estelle Weisheimer, Isaac H. and OrlandA.'
: Sproule and the late Walter H. and Matthew
K. Weisheimer. , and sister' of C. H. HunV
man, a native of The Balize, La.,' aged 65
years and 29 days. (New Orleans, La,, and
. Merced, Cal., papers please, copy.) " ;-
\(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral to-day
E^Notice of funeral hereafter.
TOBIX — In this city. January 22. 1902. Amelia
S. Tobin. . a pioneer resident of San Fran-
clsco, widow, of the late James Tobin, and
. beloved mother of Fltzroy K. Tobin,. a na-
i tive of • England. « - ¦_ ,' ::
• C Services at St. Luke's Church, Van
Ness avenue and Clay street, Saturday, - Jan-
uary 25. at 12:15 o'clock. Interment private.
STEVENS— rln this city. January 23, l»02, at
her residence. 283 Thirteenth street, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Charles Stevens,
and mother of Mrs. O'Connor and Charles
and Charlotte Stevens. : ' •
• IE?" Please omit flowers. Notice of funeral
hereafter. ... . -
SULLIVA'N— In this clfy, January 22, ,1902.
Mary.' beloved wife of- Dennis Sullivan, a
native ol Inashana, County Cork, Ireland,
ased -60 years. ¦¦¦•
C3T The funeral will take place to-morrow
; (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a -re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated 'for the
repese of her .poul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Man-' s Cemetery, Oakland, by 11
-o'clock creek route boat.
TIGHE: — In this city. January 23. 1902. at her
•residence, 282 Lexington avenue, "Catherine,
' beloved lister of Margaret TiKhe and Mrs.
Daniel Flnegan, a native of Tuam, County
Gal way, Ireland, aged, 79 years 8 months
and 19 days. - "
ffyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to- attend the funeral, to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock from the residence
of Mrs. H. Breslauer, 522 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train to
New Salem Cemetery for interment. . •
SCHNEIDER— In ' this city; January 23, 1902.
John N. Schneider, dearly beloved husband
of Helena Schneider, and beloved father of
Mrs. Helena Doesfner and Norbet, Regena.
Ferdinand and Anna Schneider, a native of
"Wurtenburg, Germany, aged 63 years and 9
months. - ."
SMITH— January 22, 1902, Sidney Mason
Smith, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 59
years. (Boston papers please copy.)
r» tb'Friend's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
valente. Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
! thence to - St. Francis Church; where ' a - re-
quiem hiffh mas? will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at - 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy.. Cross Cemetery. *
SCHLESSINQER— January 22. 1902, Davis
Schlessinger, beloved husband of .Handel,
and father of Mose, Joseph, . Hyman and
Harvey Schtesslnjcer. a native of.Kempen,.
Germany, ased 51 years and 8 months.
January 28, at 2 o'clock, frotri the residence
of F, D.. Traveller, 1400 San. Jcs» avenue.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
- land. . . v ¦¦-'¦ ,• . ¦.: ¦' '.-.-.¦.- . ,.
MKEHAN— In . New York,' "Friday.' .May 24.
' 1901, William P. Meehan, beloved son of the
" late William and Catharine vMeehan. and
brother of Nellie F. Meehan and Mary A.
Ryan (nee Meehan). -¦' 3 -M;;->. I v ' -
' IE?" Funeral was from his late residence,
Oil East -:¦ Fifteenth . street. ¦ thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception," East*
Fourteenth street, at 10 o'clock, where- a sol-
emn .requiem mass was celebrated for- the
repeseof J§s soul.
O'NEILL— In . this city/January 23, 1002.
Philip. P., beloved son of. Mary and the late
Patrick O'Neill, and brother of Thomas,
" Frank, •Walter, Robert, : Eugene,' Alfred,
Mamie and the late Edward O'Neill, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 30 years 4
months and . 18 days. -
ROBERTSON — In this city. January 23, 1902,
. Katherine, dearly beloved wife of • James
Robertson, beloved daughter of Maurice and
¦the late. Ellen O'Brien, and sister of John
and Maurice O'Brien, Mrs. Mary Ayscough,
- Mrs. Ellen Jeffers and Mrs. Lizzie O'Connell,
a . native. of San Francisco, 'aged' 21 years 0
months and 8 days. \ . - :
PERSONALS. :
V_L CblES the BteatM* authority on fem-
laiiio beauty. DK SAYOJ'SKV. cf Paris.
tf£_tQtQS— toKmpros.. Ei.zabei:i. will treat
ladies &t Li Verne PSSriom Uur-.npr nis etay
ia the city; by his electro lawtngt iriethod
remove* doer nrtnkja rtthwt knife, rain 01-
s.-ar; freckle, eczeraa. i::o.cs; all facial
blemishes treated; complexions made oeautl-
ful: work potUtytir rr-jarantf-od; trial treat-
ment frw- ficsh Mjdoeed: c dieting or ex-
ercipc. Hi' Market *t.. orp. Halt's; tel.
Howard lStj J
AJC c!c~ar.t lino of romnar.ts for suits to order,
S'V wii'i Uu-sp suitf ttc make an extra pair
d runts fr.? of < liarsre; other suit* on install-
ments %-'.' v.vp::I.v. L. l.EMOS. 1117 Market
Et., bew'i Seventh ar.ti El£hth.
ELCCTBXC liStX in <" vo «>' room — Winchester
Hotel. *i Third s=t-. near Market: ,700 rooms:
*Tio to Si T:O per niRht; $1 «>0 to $G per week;
Free "'ou* 2 nd ba^Kage to and from the ferry.
WHY jrue..--T You can be certain cf style. and
fit by BsfBE Standard Patterns: Feb. patterns
;md The Pesianer now ready. J. W. KVAKS,
Itome^v.c office. 1(K?1 Market Bt.. near Sixth.
WORKING esb. S2. with a jjood. farm, wishes
to become acquainted with a working, girl
who v.-ouUl like a pood home; object inatri-
D20B7. Box 3-10J. Call office.
A-WHAT do you think? O. BErSiax, 48
KKis. makes coloreu shirts to order; $1 each:
feme as white ehirte; fwlectlcn 300 patterns.
XtyQOO PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
* for flu apiece at 2US Sixth St., room
I': call after 7 v. m.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store, IIS Geary ft. Nat Raphael.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. 52 25. EASTERN' OUTFITTING
CO.. 131^-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
I ONLY carry the best switches, free from
dyed hair. $1. ?l 50; hair dressing 25c. G.
LEDERER. 123 Btockton ft.
A — IF your hair is falling- or you are bald call on
Pr.G.S.Moore.332 OTarreU ;send for circular.
¦A- — MAX SlcMIU-IN Is at I^a. Verlte Parlors;
hairdressing 25c. mo Mkt. ; tel. Howard 1S61.
MME. LAURME*S sure cure for dandruff and
falling hair; con, free. 1007H Mkt. ; parlor 1.
PRIVATE detective ¦work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT. AX.Z Minna, st.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 703
Valencia st.. corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion:
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladies free.
ECPERFLUOUS natr and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. .MMK. BOLING. 4C7B Hyde.
ONE MINX'TE TOOTHACHE DROPS CTJRE
Instantly; IGc and £5c. AS! dniFcifW. . .
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 966 Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNN. 1002% Dolores et.
for sale; diamonds, precious etones
i bought. T. Ferehtand. 126 Keamy St., nn. 29.
4;LECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
{ & moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEDC & CO., 733 Mlct.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
<2J costumer. 26 CKFarrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
MisSt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
- the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
FHYS1CUXS AXD SCRCEOXS.
A— DR. OLI\ r E gIrUVER, lady" physidao. and
surgeon, at 1122 Market fit,; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
IO2114 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG KIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason,nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR. SALE.
LOT on Le.ngT.on rt.. near Harrison. 25x80 at
a bargain. DONNELLY CO., 632 Market.
FOR eale — 8-room house, with garden end
Etone walks. 1918 Oak st-. facing Park.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAX FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
1^ San FTaxiclsco Is growing- rapidly; location
best for poultry and general fanning. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California. Bt.. for pam-
phlets and Information.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; big croney; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds: Bend
stamp for free iist. C. R- Winfleld. Petaluma.
BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
££oo'^lMO~CAEH. $33~p€r month, will buy a
beautiful new S-room house and 50- foot lot;
10 minutes' walk to university and 10 min-
utes' walk to local; send for new pamphlet
on "Homes." WM. P. TODD, 630 Market St.
S. F., or 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
ONLY {2000— Fine, well built house of 6 rooms
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot,
on the eunny side of etreet; etreet work all
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
SON, real estate. Berkeley station.
{2000 — HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern;
one block from station: lot 50x110; terms to
suit; interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A, J. SNTDER, 467 Ninth St..
or branch office, Adeline Elation, Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
L FRCITVALE REAL. ESTATE.
' AN osnarelleled opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins it.; 2 blocks from
2 etreet cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F.; rent $35 a month* price
$4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building,
or H. A. PLETTNER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
.OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
$1000 — BIG bargain; cozy B-roomed cottage
with porcelain eink and hot- water boiler -
sunny side, close to San Pablo ave.; street
work all done, including stone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for
quick eale box 2378, Call office, Oakland.
6. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st.
3AKLA.VD COTTAGES TO. LET.
SUNNY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 ccal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot;, lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
lew to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth-
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
FCRMTUBE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL, The, 1773 Market— 2 housekeeping
rooms, gas range. $12; single, $7.
BIRCH ave., C15 — 3 rooms for housekeeping.
unfurnished; rent $7. Inquire 642 Grove st.
i;RIE. 58, bet. 13th and 14th, Howard and Mls-
slon — 3 6unny rooms complete for bousekpg.
GEARY. 1012. near Van Ness ave.— Nicely fur-
nighed sunny front room and kitchen; phone.
COUGH, 115 — Sunny, ha'ndsome modern rooms;
pas; bath; phone; fS, $13 and $20.
HOWARD, 1003—2 sunny furnished connecting;
running water; also bay-window suite-.
JiYDE. 412 — Newly furnished sunny front
i.-arement suite; yard; laundry; gas; $20.
itASON. 310— Two nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms and bath.
MINNA, 2S1, corner Fourth — Furnished house-
keeping complete; also euany double front,
cheap.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny rpoir.'?. rar.ge. sink. $12; 2
basement rooms, JT 1 ; front room. ?$; back
room. $7; all furnished for house-keeping.
rir.'K, 1300, . corne«- 17 yde — Sunny corner front
furnished; running water; light housekeep-
ing; private family: ?I0.
SECOND. 212 — Hskpg rcr.s.; clean; respectable;
¦ Howard cars near; no children; reasonable.
I V AN NESS ave., 93-1 — 2 newly fura. large con-
r.ecting roomf.ard kitchen; phone: reasble.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH of flee for Call ad\'ertis*;ments and
subscriptions has been established at lC'j'j
V«Ue*ciA st'lSMCiSVfSVHMM
*_§£? HotclTS4 McAU^i~^; elegant, I
to- m^if ril1 atta £ he <J: 75c day upward: rates j
by tteck or month: McAllister cars to door. t
A^W U £ SWICK Ho^^~uS~smh=Ro^m7. j
H»kM* r nieht; f l 25 to 55 Per week, and i
light housekeeptng rooms; open all night. j
B ™£ETT. 142G MarkTt (old Xo. 1304)— Fur- i
nished ran., sultce. single; also unfurnished. ]
E 9,? Y f L 1 ? 9 < Jeffe - r son square)— Handsomely !
turnlshed rooms; home privileges. !
E^P ls - 1 3 21 < Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms, j
•t^c, $1 oO night; »1 50. -$o wk.; open all niftht. I
EL H S> ., 41S (Tne P^rpont)— Beautifully fur- i
msne<i rooms, singrle cr en suite; elevator ser-
vico; hot water; private baths.
FOLSOM. 834 — Sunny furnished room, with
closet : single or doubl?.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. MrV. King, Turk St Taylor.
GALT House; 120C Market Et. — Furnished
rooms by day, week or month. .
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnieh- i
e d suites and single; travelers accommodated, j
GRAND SOUTHERX Hotel. Tth and Mission— I
Family houso; those requiring a quiet, orderly j
home at moderate charges: sult,glni;le;elevat. J
GRANT ave., 7 — Two fumleh^i euites; also 2 j
single rooms.
HAYES. C71— Nice front room, with or without
board; private family; terms reasonable.
KEARKT. 34. and 47 Post — Office or eunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms, j
, XATOMA, 217. near Third — Furnished rooms; j
Finnic end double. <
NET.' ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur- j
nishod rooms; $2 a week up; X>c a day up. j
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and ;
of flees; elevator; elef. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 326-^felegantly furnished sunny I
parlor suite and other rooms, with all mod- i
era conveniences. ]
POWELL, 12S and* 120— Has changed hands;
nicely furnished sunny rooms; also single.
RINCON place. 2S. off Harrison — 2 sunny, fur-'
nished front rooms wltn use of kitchen for
man and wife or 2 gentlemen; view or bay.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent' light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $150; week, '$2
to $S; month. $S to «30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK. 1002— Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Dents, 24 Turk Et.
TURK, 543-^Large front room; grate, gas and
bath; l?sht housekpg if desired; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FiUmore.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
THE Irvingdale, 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $60; single rooms
with board. 922 50 up; excellent table.
HOTEL, Buena Vista— Newly furnished ;^ good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
. et.; cons-ttrvatories. ' .
HANDSOMELY furnished front room with
board ; use parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van Ness.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NIARA. 615 Taylor— gunny rooms; excellent
board; one management; terms reasonable.
HOTEL, Repelier. 781 Sutter — Newly furnished:
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
ROOMS ASP BOARD WASTED.
ROOM and board private family by 17-year-old
boy, bet. Waller and Golden Gate ave., Fill-
more and Stanyan; state terms. 3483, Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
WAJfTED — Three or four furnished housekeep-
ing rooms between Second and Seventh. sts.;
three In family; reasonable. Box 3493, Call.
RUPTURE SAXITARIUM.
RUPTURE — Will lengthy ads cure you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206 Market St.,
and get cured; treatment free.
~" SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
srives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from July 1, 1001, to
January 1. 1902: Edna Dussure i year 6.
months; Gertrude Westphiel, 6 years 6
months; Helen Westphiel. 4 years 3 months;
Bessie Irwln, 2 years 3 months; Charles Kat-
to. 4 years 10 months; Violet Katto, 1 year
11 months; Leo Morres, 6 years 8 months;
Daisy Morres, 3 years 6 months; Pauline
Hoxall, 6 years; Elsie Hoxall, 4 years; Kath-
erine Boyd, 4 years 7 months; Winnie Coal-
mann, 9 years ; Lot ta Coalmann, 6 years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann. 13 years; Will
Hilltin, 3 years 10 months; George Hilltin,
2 yean; Alice Murry. 6 years 5 months; Ger-
tie Murry, 3 years ;. Robert Murry, 2 years;
Annie Moldo. 5 years 1 month; Edmund
Munny. 5 years 11 months; Mary Caroline
Nowlan. 4 years 11 months; Thomas Donn,
0> years 2 months; Albena Gazano, 8 years 9
months; Bernard Rose. 1 years 7 months;
Mary Vogelsange. 8 year*; Ruble Denny, 0
years; Florence Wall, Z years; Mary Green,
B years; Evalyn Begers, 2 years; Mary
Welsen, 7 years 8 months; I.oretta Shanahan,
11 years; Ada Whitney, 10 years 11 months;
Charles Buckbee. 5 years; Isabella Maguire,
10 years - Benjamin Pacllla, 4 years 7
months; Lulu Pacllla. 3 years 7 months;
Edward Smith, 6 years; James Smith, 8
years; Roy Smith. 6 years; Ethel Smith. 4
years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWIA'G MACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black^ll24. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE .AXD WAREHOUSES. \
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Poet and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 aiis^
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore ' st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS' Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st:;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TTPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITORS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
•WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors'; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
PROPERTY-OWNERS &. CONTRACTORS.
HA VINO acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot up;
expert in curing smoking or faulty flues;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations':
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2033 Mission, or box 260, 318 Bush.
MAKEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ¦ , . •
Harry W. Thomas, 36, city, and Gertrude
Jordan, 29, Oakland.
John B. Daly, 31, Fresno, and Laura H.
Smith. 21. Fresno.
Jean Idiart, 29, 1211 Poweir street, and
Gracicuse Chabanne, 22, 629 Third street.
Anton Echoembs Jr., 25, 529 - Montgomery
avenue, and Anna Schneider, 23, 2617ft Octa-
via etreet. ¦ .
Salvstor Rublno, 37, city, and Angela C.
Salem, 29, city. m
George R. De Vries, 3* 3019 Buchanan
street, and Annie Eheehan. 20, 2100 Greenwich.
Johannes Nelson, 42, 12S1 Broadway, and
Kerstin Nelson, 33, 154S Page street.
AntcnJo Bologna, 33, 1867 Union street, and
Maria Debernardi, 22, 390 Utah street.
William S. Crocker. 20, Suisun. and . Mary
E. Conroy, 21. Fairfleld. . ¦ -
Fritz C. Seidler, 35, city, and Annie A. San-
born. 28, city.
William T. Harvey, 22, 1243 Union street,
ar.d Florence L. Axman, 20, 3009 Van Ness
avenue • .
Charles Kling, 28, 662 Fulton street. • and
Christine Schwerdt. 25. 429 Masonic avenue.
' BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. "
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ¦ be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hava the same published. ¦
. BORN.
PETERSON— In this city. January 14, 1902,
to th» wife of G.- Peterson (nee Liedholm), a
dauehter.' " N -,¦-.,
TEABURG-^In this city, January 22. 1902, to
the wife of Paul Taaburg, a daughter.
_______
SMITH— LACEY— ,Iri Redwood City.' April 15.'
1f*01, Richard H. Smith and May " E. Lacy
both of San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
:> J0^w!w^k BEST FOR THE BOWELS _r
GUARANTEED CURB for all bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad
blood, -wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples,
pains after eating, liver trouble, tallow complexion and duziness. When your bowels
don't move regularly you are sick. Constipation kills more people than all other diseases
- together. It is a starter for the chronic ailments and lonR year* of suffering that corao
afterwards. No matter what ails yon, start taking CASCAREtS tcday, for you will never
get 'well and be well all the time until you put your bowels rignt. Take our advice, start
with Cascarf.3 today tinder an absolute guarantee to cure or mosey refunded. Samplo
and booklet free. ] Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. 50a *Rionhar t's Flaxseed : Balsam
Will cur* your cough. '60 cents at all dmsslst*.
. VIENNA, Jan. 23.— The report 'that wolves
devoured an ; entire wedding party of i twenty
two persons nearJUsicsa. Servia ¦ yesterday is
discredited ; here. :„¦ The i statement \ appeared In
an obscure paper of this city several days ago.
Lecture on London.
Miss Kate E. '"Whlttaker will lecture
this evening at the South . Park Settle
ment on "The City of London."' The lec
ture will be Illustrated with ; stereopticon
views. ¦
: ;Annie-A. Pharo, a daughter ; *of 'the'-late
Mary \ MeSweeney, ?. filed , a contest :&o' t - the
probate; of her | late mother's'_'will*yester
dey.' She; alleges ,that^ her.: mother; at .the
time the .will was executed : was • under, the
irfluence pi >her brother,-' James <-Noonan;
who is: named as t executor • in the -docu
ment. :¦¦-: Mrs. > Pharo '"also claims that; .the
disputed willMs not the last will and-tes
tament of her. mother. ;
Undue' Influence
Pyrography Outfits
And all .kinds ¦ Artists' ;^ Materials,
Paints. Brushes. Canvas Studies and Skins
and ; Wood : toV burn. \Ve are agents " for
.Winsor : and Newton; - makers 'of the ' best
Artists*,- Materials. in. the' world: Come to
headquarters for everything wanted in the
Artists'.' Material line. ; Sanborn,- Vail ¦- &
Co., 741 Market. street. '. n-.-- .¦¦¦¦• .•• .••
Supervisors ' Finance - Committee Will
• - a Inqire : Into Demands' for. Print
¦'-,- ; ',: in^Transcripts: /
¦ The _, Supervisors' . Financed Committee
will;, begin | an /.investigation 1 to-night " In£o
the overdrafts; on; the> fund ".appropriated
for I printing " transcripts -''on | appeal k The
'tax.-.budget > set -. aside $2500 '¦ for ; the • fiscal
year... 1901-1902 ' for. ; the ; purpose and $3100
hascbeem paid' out in "six" months on de
mands , for >the ' purpose.^The • demands
2f n V« -^i? tT %P\\ he Count y Clerk's of-
E9 e Vl Audltor .Wells, ; who • audited them.
The Finance Committee holds that the de
mandsshould come , to the Board of Su
pervisors. -.An_ inquiry wih.be. directed to
ascertain ; if -the charges for printing' the
transcripts " are regular. Also whether
they, can be legally, paid without the sig
natures of the members of .the Finance
Committee. "- : . ¦•- , . ¦. .
Notwithstanding the acquittal of the
proprietors, six poker-players ,at ,the Cafe
Royal and a like number at i the Baldwin
Annex were arrested •¦ last '"night ' and
charged ¦: with -violating - a city i ordinance
prohibiting • thei playing of the game * of
poker in a public place. i \. .. :• .:::r
Three policemen of , the Southern Station
were sent to each place. 5 They, stepped up
to one of the tables and, told the players
that they/, were under arrest. After. 1 an
assurance ; - from -; the managers of . '. the
games that ball would:- be. forthcoming
theplayers quietly submitted. - -. i
V Under the decision of ex-Supreme ; Jus-;
tice Van Fleet . rendered ! by him ; when'; he
was Superior 'Judge of Sacramento ; Coun-:
ty defining ; the game ; of ,: draw /poker as,
being neither ; a, • banking | nor.- percentage
game a Jury In - Judge :Cabaniss\>- court
after two minutes' deliberation
acquitted Joseph FranzlmV manager of the
Cafe Royal, who .was . charged; by j Police
man Rancourt of .maintaining percentage
poker games. After the verdict was j ren
dered Judge Cabaniss dismissed a similar
charge against R." Schrensky,' manager/of
the | Baldwin Annex, after '-announcing
that a conviction's was i impossible 1 ' under
the decision of ex-Justice Van Fleet. ; *,
win Annex- Cannot Be
; Held/ :: ; : -
Managers of the Cafe Royal and Bald-
• Coroner Lelahd approved of ; the verdict.'
The ¦ boy met - his death j by indulging - a
natural: curiosity.- He. heard ; a crash: on
the .lower- floor and looked ; down : the ele
vator; well ¦ to,, see what : the matter was.
At' that moment the : elevator started up
ward for the first floor, and .the ; counter
weight "struck Smith on : the : back • of ; the
head,- breaking ; his ineck. \ , •; ;;;.'. .
an Ordinance, to ; Remedy the .•
' /•' "¦••¦' " ; '. vr'EviL'.": \-:...,>.- ; ;- y ¦;:¦; \
- A; Coroner's juryMn' the matter; of *the'
death ( of Roy [Smith, 1 the, 19-yeai>6ld' drugj
clerk, ' who "was "killed \ in . an elevator "'ac-'
<;ident January 18 • in •¦ Mack \ & ', Co.' s] estab-'
"lishment," 15 • Fremont | street, i rendered' the
following verdict •- yesterday:-: ¦•:¦ • . ; ; f |
That the ¦ said , Roy ; Smith i came to his . death
through his own carelessness, tand;we"recom-.
mend that' the * Board of . Supervisors pass •• an
ordinance ... requiring a j more careful \ enclosure
of elevators for the prevention of similar acci
dents j wherein i people • may '¦ be protected ' from
their . own ' carelessness. -., . *-''. ¦,.'.-;¦. - -
Boanl of Supervisors Asked , to Pass
UNGUARDED* ELEVATORS ''''¦ \
£\ CONDEMNED ' B Y . A JURY;
FRESNO, ' Jan.' : 23. — "Kid" V. Goucher.
wanted ', f or murder in San ¦ Francisco, is
GOTJCHER'S FRESNO RECORD.
As a" Youth: He - Was Known ; as a
. ' PettyThief. > ' ->> : v .
T. H. Callott petitioned the committee to
stop blasting on Telegraph Hill. as carried
on by the Cushing-Wetmore Company.
Callott stated that the company was
blasting on Lombard street, for which it
has no permit, and a little girl was killed
at Lombard and Winthrop streets several
years ago. Mrs., Spellman produced a
large rock which nearly hit her baby, who
was playing in a - neighbor's yard. The
committee will make a personal Inspection
and instructed the Board of . Works to
ascertain whether blasting Is carried' on
by legal permission and. to report the
quautity of powder used in the operation.
i Light Inspector Tupper , reported that
there are but forty corners whereon street
lamps are. erected upon which the names
of streets are not placed. Under. the con
tract for street lighting signs must also
be placed on electric poles on street
corners. " t •
Joseph G. Rothschild, representing pro
testing property-owners, opposed the pro
posed improvement on the . ground the
avenue would ¦ be useless as a, parade
ground and would entail great expense to
maintain it. A. G. Maguire declared that
It is unwise to expend the people's money
in experiments against the wishes of the
property-owners. Senator Lukens of Ala
meda and Commissioner Manson held that
property values would be increased if the
plan is carried out.
The Supervisors' Street Committee re
quested the Board of Works yesterday to
furnish an estimate of the cost per block
of the project to make a park of the cen
tral strip of Van Ness avenue; also an
estimate of ihe cost of maintaining the
avenue when improved from Golden Gate
avenue to the bay. , ,
Committee Regarding Great
Expense.
Property Owners Address Street
OPPOSE IMPROVEMENT .
OF VAN NESS AVENUE
Coursey was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on the charge of bur
glary in $1000 bonds. He was accused of.
breaking into W. H. Larkin's grocery
etore, 19 Natoma street, on January 18.
James O'Brien, alias "Pug," who was ar
rested on suspicion of being implicated
¦ in the burglary, was convicted of " va
grancy before Judge Mogan and was sen
tenced to three months in the County
Jail. •
Held for Burglary.
Jacob Campfer, a miser who has been
living on 75 cents a week, applied at the
Emergency Hospital yesterday for medi
cal treatment. Dr. Armistead discovered
that he was suffering from hunger. |
Campfer was taken to the male wanl
and given food, and while the hospital at
tendants were busy at their work he
slipped out.
The weakened man only went a short
distance before he fell fainting to the
sidewalk. He was carried to the hospital
and Steward Bucher telephoned for the
City and County Hospital ambulance.
Campfer again escaped and was brought
back to the Emergency Hospital in a
patrol wagon.
The attendants kept a closer watch on
their patient, and as he proved to be
restless. Steward Bucher removed his
clothes and put him to bed. Campfer
fought to keep from being disrobed. Upon
an examination of his effects being made.
$75 05 was found tucked away in an Inside
pocket. On being confronted with this
wealth Campfer confessed that he had
an account in one of the savings banks,
but declined to say which one.
The miser's clothes were returned to
him and he was told to depart. He was
too wealthy to become a ward of the city.
MISER STARVES HIMSELF •
TO AMASS A FORTUNE
Palls Fainting to the Sidewalk and
Is Taken to the Emergency
Hospital.
A. G. Glenn's home Is at 1305 Twenty
seventh avenue, where his wife and child
reside. He left here two weeks ago on a
business trip north. He was formerly
traveling salesman for the Columbus Bug
gy Company, but later went into business
with his brother, the firm being A. G>&
John Q. Glenn of San Francisco. In Port
land he was staying with George W.
Hazen, a cousin and a prominent attorney
of that city. Glenn is 61 years old.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.— John Q. Glenn,
brother of A. G. Glenn, who resides at
1311 Twenty-seventh avenue, Fruitvale,
said to-night: "1 have not the slightest
idea why my brother should try to end
his life. The news is a terrible shock
to. me. He wired me Tuesday asking how
the family was and saying he was not
feeling well. His wife received a letter
Sunday that was cheerful, and saying he
expected to arrive home on February 1.
He had no business nor family troubles
so far as I know."
About 7:30 o'clock to-night a message
arrived at the hotel for Glenn from a
friend, and when one of the hotel mes
sengers knocked at Glenn's door he re
ceived no answer. On the door being
opened Glenn was found standing near
the washstand in his night clothes. His
throat showed a deep gash. A jack
knife covered with blood was lying near
him. Medical assistance was at once se
cured, and in the interval that elapsed
Glenn was heard to remark, "I did this
to get out of trouble." -
Glenn arrived* at the hotel Tuesday. He
spoke to several guests regarding fancied
troubles and complained that various peo
ple were talking about him. To-day
Glenn's behavior had not improved, and
in the course of the afternoon his friends
called in a physician, who administered
medicine to his patient and advised him
to go to bed. This Glenn agreed to do,,
and was then left In his room.
.PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 23.— Acting from
mania presumably produced from indul
gence in liquor, A. G. Glenn of San Fran
cisco cut his throat" with a jack-knife in
the Portland Hotel to-nig^ht. The wound
is not serious.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POKER NOT. A BANKING u
OR PERCENTAGE GAME
A Hurried: Flight.
About 2:30 o'clock'on the morning when
This letter was mailed from < Los An-,
geles January 20, and in one corner of the
envelope there appeared an order to the
effect that if it was not called for within
ten days it Should be ; returned. to^M:. Clif
ford, 312 Second" street, .Los Angeles.
Clifford was evidently the writer of the
letter, but thieves are' compelled 'to use.
precautionary methods : to "escape police
detection and, the name on the envelope
may "be a' fraudulent one. . Another clew
that' the raid developed was the connect-!
ing of a man named William "Coffman 1
with the j gang. - Coffman - a • rather 1
short,* stout, - red-faced - fellow, with a
crippled rlght'hand.' -He -goes 'about' from i
house to -house • selling moth- balls and
lavender powder. -This occupation is r sim-|
ply used as a wedge to gain entrance^tO'
and Information about private; houses. *so !
the rest of the crooks can I easily effect
an. entrance and. ply • their/ .nefarious
trade.' Coffman is believed to have left'
the. city with the assassins of Robinson,:
and. as he is a rather. well known charac
ter he can be easily traced.-. . ..
Another Member of the Gang.
THE police have uncovered the lair
of the three highwaymen ' who
shot and killed Policeman Robin
son in .the Mission last Tuesday
morning, 'pneV of whom, Wade,
now lies wounded at the"; City and County
Hospital. They- surrounded - the ; house
last night. When Detectives Wren, Din
an and Reynolds broke into 'the den of
the thieves j they found; to their dismay,
that the remaining ".two and much sought
for birds had flown.' The trio 'of murder
ers lived in four 'housekeeping rooms at
203 Turk street. 1 ' There they' ate and slept
and plotted their .'foul deeds., It was the
first place the two murderers who es
caped made tracks for when they hurried
away from the scene of their . terrible
crime. .The police had hoped to. find th*.
pair se'ereted in the house, but'one glance
at the tumbled interior of the rooms was
enough" to convince them that -"Kid"
Goucher and "Brownie," < who were impli
cated with Jack Wade, alias Henderson,
alias ' Daly, had taken a hurried depar
ture-after their return from their , das
tardly night's work in the. Mission.-' They
evidently knew that Wade had fallen into
the hands of the police and that the re-'
lentless. detective would soon be
seeking out their lodgings. On' the very
night of the murder Goucher,- "Brownie"
and another member of the desperate
gang of crooks packed up their odds and
ends of property and skurried'to safety
under the cover of darkness. \
The only tangible bit of evidence found
in the rooms by., which the police can
trace the murderers was a letter ad
dressed to William Coffman, 203 Turk
street. The officers did not open it.
San Franciscan Wounds
Himself in Portland
Hotel. ,
TO * INVESTIGATE LARGE
-:y. ¦ >: OVERDRAFTS f ON FUND
? Representing' Mission- Lodge No." 169 J H
Cox, G. M. "r Eastman ; ¦ • . representing 'Sequoia
Parlor, C. : E. Torres i and W. | L. Goodwin ; rep
resenting the "'Police" Department, Lieutenant
W.~ Price, Detective ' J. • H. Fitzgerald ¦ Officers
C. H. Taylor; I H. C. Schmltt.r T.; O'Connell, C
Brown, J. Standing and J.Feeney.-:li. M. Nell
son and "W. H. Thompson represented the fam
ily. , ¦¦'¦ f..- yv. , ¦•.-¦ , : : ;.:•;:' ;->-. -, .
, ¦ The : Mayor " and . Police •¦ Commissioners
escorted, the .remains toi the 1 ferry, where
they, were placed in charge , of OflJcer
Percival, » to .-be escorted -by him to
Quincy,. v Plumas .County, . where the
mother, of "deceased resides.
An oration , over the remains was de
livered by Henry E. Highton, the attor
ney, who feelingly referred to the pain
and anguish the country and all the world
had surfered through the assassination of
citizens. -He extolled the heroic service
of- the late Officer • Robinson and paid to
his memory the tribute of a sorrowing
city. He spoke of his manly and | brave
and honorable attributes, his ofllciency as
an officer and his gentleness, • which had
won him the esteem of all who came 'in
contact with him. In further alluding to
the cowardly act which had deprived the
city of so worthy an officer the speaker
paid homage to the greatness of the
American Government and the people
for their moderation even, in times of
disaster such as \ they had witnessed m
the assassination of the late President
and in the murder of the officer whose
body lay before them. > ..
¦The Rev. Mr. R*ader of the Third Con
gregational Church, Fifteenth street, de
livered, a feeling address on the merit and
bravery which belonged to the character
of Officer Robinson. He was beloved by
the men, women and children of the Mis
sion; he was devout in his worship and
constant hv.his attendance at the -church
Mr. Rader said that hp. could -not resist
the temptation to refer to. the. increase of
crime, and said -that' the. same courage
was needed in the- courts' as was promi
nent in the police of .the city. Christian
people would 1 do better, " v he said, instead
.of coddling- ex-convicts, ,did they give
their sympaties \ to -the brave members of
the .police, force. : -,. They ~» should throw
fewer bouquets to criminals and instead
they ; should, throw them .to the men who
stand- for.- law and peace and order. The
following named the pallbearers:
The ! casket was ¦ covered 'from view by
a pall of ferns relieved with moss roses.
A solid mass of officers sat on the left of
the hall and civilians on the right, while
the* doorways and the passages were
blocked with citizens wishing to pay re
spect by their (presence to the dead.
The body was escorted to the t,emple by
Mayor .Schmitz, Police Commissioners
Hutton, Mahoney, Howell and Newhall,
Chief ... Wittman, Captain • Spillane and
Lieutenants Birdsall, Anderson and Mar
tin. The procession of officers which had
been -intended, was dispensed witn owing
to the weather. . •
Funeral services over the remains of
Officer ' Eugene C. Robinson were 'held at
the: Masonic Temple -yesterday by Mis
sion Lodge No: - 169, • F. . and A. M., of
which he was a member. W. C. Ordway,
the. worshipful master,! read the funeral
service and the Mission Lodge quartet
sang impressive hymns.
Officer Robinson.
Police and Civilians Pay Tribute, to
IMPRESSIVE FUNERAL SERVICE
presumably Allan Goucher, only son of ex-
Senator George G. Goucher, formerly of
this city. Young Goucher was reared in
this 'city, and was always spoken of as a
hard character. ¦ He was addicted to petty
thieving, but was * never in any serious
trouble here on account of it. He grad
uated from the local grammar schools,
and for one: year. was a student in the
Fresno High School. . . : -¦
.. During his . High School term, in com
pany with another boy, young Goucher
ran away from home, but was found by
officers a day or two later in Visalia. Soon
afterward his father sent him away, and
little is known of his record since. It is
stated that Goucher subsequently went to
Texas. Afterward he returned to Califor
nia, and after visiting his father in Mari
posa went to Sonora, Tuolumne County,
where he was employed as. a bellboy in
the Victoria Hotel. He was. in Fresno
about two months ago for a day, or two,
and his acquaintances here state that he
seemed to be in rather hard luck. "
. The local police have concluded that
Goucher \and "Brownie" have made ; good
their escape from this city, but as the pair
are well known to the authorities of near
ly, every, town on -the, coast they hope to
capture them within the . next few days.
Every station along the line is being care
fully watched and if the murderers show,
up ai any of their old haunts. they will be
quickly apprehended. ¦ -- ; . ) - : : ; ..
' Since the publication, of The Call's;ex
clusive story- 6£..Wade's confession of his
part in -the murder of Robinson and. the
names' of 'the men- who' were: with him. in
the brutal killing -orders have been issued
by the police to -allow -.no -one; to -see the
prisoner. . Wade is recovering rapidly from
his wound* and^will soon- be "in .condition
to be moved 'from his' cot in the City, and
County Hospital" to a less comfortable one
in the City Prison.', .v ; . -.. r - .¦•/¦„ •; : ., ;
Murderers Have Left" the City.
The story of Wa,de's confession, which
was exclusively published in yesterday's
issue of The Call, left no doubt in the
minds of the police that "Kid" Goucher,
a degenerate son of ex-Senator Goucher
of Fresno, and "Brownie," a notorious
crook, were the men implicated with
Wade in the murder of Policeman Robin
son. Captain of Detectives Seymour de
tailed Detectives' -Hamill and Fitzgerald
to scour the tenderloin in the neighbor
hood of Mason street to get a good de
scription of the missing assassins. Sey
mour telegraphed to the Sheriff of Fresno
County and received in a reply a detailed
statement of young Goucher's criminal
record in that county.
He also telegraphed to the Chief of Po
lice of Sacramento to keep' a sharp look
out for "Brownie," who has a wife living
there. Detectives Fitzgerald. and Fisher
of ;^the Sacramento • police department
scoured that city, but could find no trace
of the missing murderer or his wife.
The Call's Exclusive Story.
The thugs had been living in the apart
ments for about two months, but they
were sullen and . unsociable with every
body else rinfthe* house. At times they
held high revel in ; the rooms and made
considerable noise." "All of .the gang were
more 1 , or less addicted to drink and at
times they caroused and brawled among
themselves in a brazen manner. , On New
Tear's day the crooks gave a dinner. Sev
eral; habitues of the . underworld- ; were
present. They borrowed all the dishes the
landlady could spare and bought « a -boun
tiful supply, of liquor. The crooks and
their female i associates held ; wild revels
until the early 'hours of the morning,
when they all retired in a drunken stupor.
The landlady did not know any of the
men, save .Coffman and Wade, by sur
names. She knew Goucher as the "Kid,"
Wade as Daly and "Brownie" as 'Billy.
Coffman had a dark complexioned woman
with him. She was ol rather slight build
and looked as if she was a morphine fiend.
Held Disgraceful Bevels.
When Hhe detectives got Into the rooms
they, found them in a state of wild dis
order. Everything indicated that the
thieves had taken a hurried flight. Bed
clothes were tossed around, scraps of pa^ 1
per and the lavender ' that Coffman sold
and other things were strewn on the floor.
Nothing, however, save the letter, that
would give ' the police a clew had been
left by the thieves. The bureau drawers
were open. v :.
Mrs. Bradskey heard Coffman open the
door and admit the man who called him
self the "Kid," whose last name she did
not know.
In the morning Mrs. Bradskey went
downstairs to the rooms occupied by the
gang of thugs and found that they had
left the house. ¦ -.':
the unfortunate policeman was cruelly
murdered, .Mrs. Bradskey, the landlady
of the Turk-street house, heard a loud
knocking on one' of the doors of the room
where the footpads lived. Coffman, who
was in the habit of retiring before the rest
of the gang, was awakened and the land
lady heard him call out in ugly tones,
"Who's there?" : , V
"It me; it's the 'Kid,'" said the man
who was trying to get In.
-"For sake, hurry up and open the
door! Something has happened," said the
man at the door. , .
Bair at one time conducted a restaurant
at Tenth and Howard streets, but did not
make it pay. He turned it over to a man
named Hess, who ran it for a year, paid
Bair's debts and then sold it out. Bair
during this time did nothing, but appar
ently had no lack of ready coin.
"Occasionally he would borrow $20 from
me. said Owens yesterday, "and he
would tell the day and the hour when it
would be returned, and he always kept
his word."
In July. 1900. Henry E. Perry, an inti
mate friend of Bair's, was arrested on a
charge of passing counterfeit half-dollars.
Bair was at this, time playing the races.
Perry lived at the corner of Howard and
Grand streets with a woman named Mrs.
Jewell, who was suing her husband for
divorce. Bair is said to have been early
advised of Perry's arrest and to have con
veyed the information to Mrs. Jewell be
fore the secret service officers could
search the house. When they called and
searched the Perry residence they found
nothing incriminating.
Perry was convicted in September, 1900,
but refused to disclose the names of his
associates. Bair at this time also came
under suspicion, but steered clear of any
entanglement, perry received a sentence
of two years in San Quentin on Septem
ber 22, 1900.
Bair soon afterward moved over to Oak
land and purchased a cottage. Where he
got the money to do it is a question those
intimately acquainted with him are un
able to answer. One night during the ab
sence of Bair and his wife the cottage
was totally destroyed by fire. For some
time the insurance companies resisted the
claim, but finally settled with Bair for
$2500. With this as a nucleus the cottage
at Fruitvale, in which he last resided, was
erected.
company. In the election of 1S92 Bair was
a candidate for Supervisor from the
Eighth Ward en the "Old Democratic"
and People's party tickets, but was over
whelmingly defeated.
"To his defeat in politics," says Mr.
Owens, who still regards him as a friend,
"I ascribe his downfall."
restaurants along Sixth, Taylor and Turk
streets. While at Jacobsen's place, on
Sixth street, he became acquainted with
Maurice A. Owens, at present a member
of the firm of Owens & Starr. Owens
purchased a restaurant at 39^ Turk street
and Bair went to. work for him. After a.
time Starr sold Bair a half-interest in hie.
business. The partnership lasted four
months, Bair finally buying the business*
About this time Bair commenced play
ing the races and "went broke." He went
down to Palo Alto for a. time, and in a
year or so returned to the city. Then he
began visiting the poolrooms and cigar
stores where pools were sold and plunged
heavily, always paying his bets in silver.
Complaints were made about this time
that many bogus dollars and halves were
being received by the bookmakers, but all
efforts to land the one who was passing
them proved unavailing.
Bair at this time posed as a stock
broker and the auditor of a life insurance
Bair arrived in San Francisco about fif
teen years ago, and at various times se
cured employment as a waiter in several
As the secret service agents 'of the
United States Government delve Into the
past of Ulysses G. Bair, now under arrest
on a charge of counterfeiting, develop
ments indicate that Bair was not alone
in his work and that he was a member of
& gang which for years has been, sending
counterfeit dollars and halves broadcast
over the United States.
GASHES THROAT,
SEEKING DEATH
E. C. Voorheis of Amador County, pres
ident of the California estate Miners' As
sociation, and I>. E. Aubury, State Min
eralogist, are sending out letters to kin
dred associations throughout the Pacific
Coast urging that Congressmen should
apply energy in support of the Woods
bill. Word comes from Washington to
the effect that California's representa
ti\ es, who were expected to take the
leading position in support of the propo
sition, are somewhat lukewarm. The in
cident is recalled that Senator Perkins in
addressing the State Mining Association
two years ago remarked that the bill to
create a Cabinet Secretary of MineS and
Mining would not pass, but that -the of
fice of Commissioner might be conceded.
At that time a well known State Sena
tor, who is an eloquent • advocate of the
mining industry, declared that the bill
•would pass if the miners firmly adhered
to their purpose. Pointed reference was
made to the indifference of the United
States Senator. It is now the purpose of
the mining men to bring into line the
friends of the measure in every State and
Territory of the Pacific Coast. Consider
able reliance is placed on ' President
Roosevelt's friendship, as it iis known
that he comprehends the magnitude and
importance of the aggregated mining in
dustries of the country.
The States directly interested in the
proposed new department are California,
Oregon, Washington, Nevada, Utah, Ida
ho. Wyoming, Montana, North Dakota,
South Dakota, Kansas, Texas, Missouri,
Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, Alabama, Georgia, Virginia
and West Virginia.
States Interested in Mining.
Early in the present session of Congress
Representative Samuel. D. "Woods lntro
"duced a bill providing for a new Cabinet
officer to be known as Secretary of Mines
and Mining. A bill is also , pending to
establish the Department of Commerce
and to provide for a Secretary thereof.
There seems to be some opposition to the
proposed mining department. The Direc
tor of the United States Geological Sur
\ey fancies that the importance of his
position might be diminished if the
"Woods -bill should become' a law. It is
the impression that the Interior Depart
ment officials are not favorably inclined
toward the establishment of a department
of mines and mining.
The opposition has spurred the mining
men throughout the country to renewed
effort in support of the Woods bill. Fig
ures are produced to show that the min
eral output of the United States in 1900
approximated $1,700,000,000. This includes
the value of coal, iron and oil as well as
gold, silver and copper.
He Is a Member of
a Gang.
Secret Service Men Believe
Interior Department
Officials.
Opposition Is Expected Prom
Burning of His Oakland
Home Weighs Against
His Name.
Mineral Interests Rally
to Support of the
Woods BilL
AGENTS UNCOVER
BAIR'S RECORD
CABINET CHAIR
FOR THE MINERS
Robinson's Slayers Flee in the NigHt From Turk=Street
Lodgi ngs===Of f icer's Funeral Held.
JUDGE NOYES
NEARS DEATH
Hemorrhage of the Lungs
. Imperils Life of Nome
', ; V Jurist.
Strain of Contempt ! l Trial
Greatly Weakens His
System.
!. Judge Arthur H. Noyes, noted as having
been the principal in the famous Noyes
contempt trial, is lying in .Mount Zion
Hospital in an exceedingly precarious con
dition. The physicians who are attending
him entertain very little hope that he will
recover. The jurist is suffering from
hemorrhage of the lungs, lnducea.by tu
berculosis. Owing to the copious loss of
blood his system has been greatly weak
ened. <\ - ¦ ¦'.¦ ¦'¦ r'u.-.' :;:
Judge Noyes . experienced the hem
orrhage about the first of the new year,
while residing at the St. Nicholas Hotel.
Although he was compelled to take to
his bedjtt was riot thought. at that time
that the. attack would iesult seiiously.
Dr. : G. B. N. Clough was summoned to
attend the patient. The first attack was
followed by several slight hemorrhages,
but they yielded readily to treatment and
until up to a few days ago Judge Noyes
was reported *by Dr. Clough as getting
along as well as ' could be expected con
sidering the seriousness of the case.
On last Monday afternoon, however,
without the least premonitory symptoms,
the Judge was attacked by a very severe
hemorrhage. He bled profusely and it
was feared at that time that his end was
near. When the flow of blood was finally
stopped Judge Noyes was greatly weak
ened. On Tuesday he was removed to
Mount Zion Hospital.
Owing to the great strain which Noyes'
system underwent during the recent pro
longed contempt trial he is In poor con
dition to withstand the ravages of disease.
His wife is with him at the hospital and
everything possible is being done to pro
lone his life.
Noyes Not to Go Back to Nome.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— Th« Attorney
General, after - a conference -with ¦ the
President to-day, made j the announce
ment that whatever the Department of
Justice might decide on In the .case of
Judge Noyes of Alaska, who recently was
convicted in the courts of San Francisco
of contempt of court, it - has been deter
mined that Judge Noyes will not be sent
back to the district in Alaska in which he
has officiated.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— Charles Page Bryan.
United States Minister to Brazil, who Is on
leave, sailed for France to-day on the steamer
La Savole. ¦ v-,. . : .
POLICE FIND MURDERER'S LAIR
BUT OCCUPANTS HAVE FLOWN
12
THE SAN FRANCISCp CALL^ rRID^,: JANUARY 24, 1902.
POLICEMEN LINED UP ON POST STREET READY TO RECEIVE THE
CASKET CONTAINING THE REMAINS OF THEIR LATE COMRADE, E.
C. ROBINSON, WHO WAS KILLED "WHILE PERFORMING HIS DUTY.
ARE QUICp SEE
Good Doctors Are Quick to See
, arid; Appreciate Heal Merit
in New Medicines.
» . ¦ V < • - , .
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a . discovery
of great value to ' the medical profession and
the public. They are an unfailing specific In
; *• . • ' ¦" Kl^:>.
all cases of dyspepsia and disordered diges-
tion. ¦
Almost everybody's digestion is disordered
more or. less, and the commonest thing they
do for It is to take 'some one of the many so
called blood purifiers, which in many cases are
merely, strong cathartics. Such things are not
needed. 1 If the- organs are In a clogged condi-
tion, they need only a little help and they,
will right themselves. Cathartics irritate the
sensitive : linings of the stomach and bowels
and often do more harm than good.
Purging Is not what Is needed. The thing
to do is to put the food in condition to be
readily digested and assimilated. Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets do this ' perfectly. They
partly digest what is eaten and give the
stomach just the help it needs. They stimu-
late the secretion and excretion of the diges-
tive fluids and relieve the congested condition
of the glands and membranes. They put the
whole digestive system* in condition to do iti
When , that is done you need take no
more , tablets, ] unless you eat what does not
agree with you. Then take one or two tab-
lets — give them needed help and you will have
no trouble. } ¦
'It's a common-sense medicine and a com-
mon-sense treatment and It will cure every
time. Not only cure the disease but cure the
cause. Goes about It in a perfectly sensible
and BCientiflc way.
We have testimonials enough to fill a book,'
but we don't publish many of them. How-
ever — . »
. Mrs. E. M. Faith of Byrd's Creek. Wls.;
says: "I have taken all the Tablets I got of
you and they have done their work well In my
case, for I feel -like a different person alto-
gether. I don't doubt if I had not rot them I
should have been at rest by this time."
H. E. Wlllard, Onslow. la,, says: "Mr.
White of Canton was telling me of your Dys-
pepsia Tablets curing him of Dyspepsia, from
which he had . suffered for eight years. As I
am a 'sufferer myself I wish. you to send me
a package by return mall." • .. >. r
Phil Brooks, Detroit, Mich., .says: "Tour
dyspepsia • cure has worked wonders la my
case. 'I suffered for years from dyspepsia but
am now entirely cured and enjoy life as I
never have before. • I gladly recommend them.""
It will cost 60c to find out Just how much
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will help you. Try
them— that's the best way to decide.
• All • druggists • sell them. .A little book en
stomach diseases . wil be mailed free by ad-
dresslng F. A. Stuart Co.. ¦ Marshall. MUch.
FREE DENTisTRY
For those unable i to i pay ordinary office " fees.
Open Sundays and Evenings. Graduate den-
tists only. ¦ •:• ¦ . .
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
• i-3 TAYLOR STREET. ¦'
. „. Corner Golden Gate Avenue.
®>1M, VIGOR. VITALITY tor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been tn use over fifty
years by the leaders' of the
Mormon Church and their
lollowers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
arising- from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking-. • Cure l»ost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Men-cms Debility, . Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Lobs of Semen, «r Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner **J SB vous Twitching: of
Eyelids, Effect* are Z^JSfL immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»*eiwt» ncy to every f Unc _
tlon. Don't Bet despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore email. - undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 SO by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Addrees BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 EIIU st
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
and 40 Third street.
ihla fign&tare is on erexy box ot the gennine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
Ikv re caedjr t2tat enrea m eold la one Oajb
«3££U;
/£&£, DR. MEYERS & CO.
/^fSryX SPECIALISrS FOR MES.
/ Is \ Established 1SS1. Con-
1 VI. M I - sultation and private book
I lft./flHiT free at office or by mall.
V ' FWflpy / Curea guaranteed.
\^^^/ 731 MARKET ST.
X^J^ * SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
~~ ¦ ; . - t
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLDS
I regard my COLD CURE as more
valuable than a life Insurance policy.
It not only cures colds in the head/*.
colds in the lungs, colds in the bones./
but it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption.— HUiNYON. .
Mnnyon'* Rheumatism Cure seldom fails to relievo !
In one to three hours, and cures in a. few days.
Manyon's Dyspepsia Core positively cores au
forms of indigestion and stomach trouble.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs, night sweats,
allays soreness and speedily heals the lungs.
Munyon's Kidney Cure quickly ceres pains in tha
back, loins or groins, and all formsof kidney &\nr**r.
i Munyon's Vitalizerrestoreslostpowersto weak mea.
I All the cures are 25 cents, at any drug store.
' Munyon's Guide to Health should be in thtf
hands of every mother. It will help them to know
the symptoms of every disease and tell then the
proper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Mnnyon, New York and Philadelphia. .
' MD.YTOX'S IXH11EB CUBE* CATABSH. 3
Announcement
&TO THE
PUBLIC
— ¦ -,
fimSfO TO THS TJkk)
\J yenbl* criticism uM.
many Inquiries r*o41v«dT
toy na from tha mertloal prof »o» Ion and others
Interested rvffardin* our statement Chat tit* »o-
called weakness ot men U xmx a weakness, but
aymptoms of tTTflaTrnnattrin of th* Prostate
Gland (nsck at bladdar), caused by contr&oted
disorders and early dissipation, sad that Loss)
«f Vitality. Prematnreneu, eto.. are Invariably
cured by procedurss directed toward coxr*otlnt
this lnftammatlon. -w« -wlah to atatq to them
many Inquiries, In the column* ot the press,
that It takes approximately ton w**ks to cura
these disorders of the male. The treatment U
entirely a local one. as no drarfftaff the TtrnnacH
Is necessary, and that the tiatlent mag treaQ
himself at home under our direction. Ws will
ebeerfolly explain the plan at treatment to any
reliable physician. on request. The colored chart.
ot the orxana, which we send free on applica-
tion to any one Interested In the subject, will
be found a great advantage In "Home Diagno-
sis," as well as a study for an Interested la
their anatomy. Very xespectfolly.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St«
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
0ISCOVEK¥
- FOR THE . ..
I BLOOD, LIVER.LtJIMGS.
DR.MCNULTY."
rpHIS WEIX-KSOWN AND BELIABLE OLD
JL Speclallstewe*BloodPoison, Gonorrhcea,Gleet,
8trictnrr, Seminal Weakness, ImpoUtnce and tbeir
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men, free.
Over 20years f experience. Terms reasonable. Hoars,
9to3dally ; 8:30 to 8. 30ev'Ks. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul*
tatlonfreeaadsacredly confldenuai Call or address
P. SOSCOE Mc\"UXT Y, 31. D.
26 % Seamy S t-, San Francisco, Cml.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
...
Sen Francisco Gas Coke for sale to famUle*
and to the trade at reduced rates.
Oppression, Solfocatlon, Neuralgia, etc., cored bj
ESPIQ'S ClGARETTES.'br POWDER
Paris, J.ESPIC; New York, E. FOUOERA & Ca
SOLD BY ACL DRUGGISTS
-¦DT3TTCJXI17O TOR. BARBERS. BAK^
UJrilJOnilliD «" bootblacks, bath-
- houses, bUUard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery
dyers, flonrmUls. foundries, laundries, papw-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manuracturers.^609 Sacramento St
WONG WOO,
.Cr CHINESE TEA AND HERB
, \g J SANITARniM.
. JfeggS. 764-66 Clay St, S. F., Cal.
¥&?PWf§$r \ DISEASES CURED
*eWWZU*AJi»»' t\. exclusively by Chinese
herbs, orer S00O rarietles beina; used. Hours
9:30 to 11 a. m.. I to 8 and 7 to 8 p. m.
\A/. T. HESS,
NOT AST PUBUO AKD ATT0S5X7-a.T^iV.
Tenth Floor, Boom 1013, Clans Spreokeis Bide.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1801.
jfOi b db ¦ OX Ammunition and 8porQns
Sa S 3 tk 9 O Goods- LarR«st Stock. Low-
111 if\3 est Prices. UnUl close of
9 "3 I I a -^ huntlns season will offer
B. M BmB I a ft 3 runa at reduced prices.
*• Send for catalorae.
' . 8HRSYS A BAJaSSB CO..
TS8 Karkst 8t Hi 5U Ktany g|
fejPATENTSl J
Weak Men and Women
S. HOTJLD USE DAMXAJMA BITTERS. ¦ THU
Great Mexlcazt Remedy; • glvea health anrf
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Priee Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL; COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C WIT SON & CD WO Battery Street.
J- W- W lLJUfl g Wl/-. Telephone Mate 18»4
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYF\ £ Pft Shipping; Butchers. JOI
JAJ-DUICJgtU Clay. Itl. Main 13X.
OILS.
LUBRICATIXO OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
418 Front St.. S. F. . Fhona Main 1711).
PRINTINO.
F, C HITfiHFS printer. .\
if w- HL'UliEj. 5ii Sansome St.. 8. pi
. = — f
\ PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS *
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.*
23 First street." Baa Fraaclsoo,
: ¦ ¦
"$Y -
Observe this blue signature
on erery Jar of
COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Beef
Por KITCHEN For Sick Room
'— — ,__-- — . 4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.