'"fCdntempiate'. a' French- VHsnley.'.' : •
-:PAR1S, : Jan."27.— The ; Velo: says' that
some * -t Parisian .'.--'sportsmen.*", ' Including,
Henri -/Deutsch; ithe .• "promoter . cf-'.^aerial
riavigation, '"-.are; considering *the establish-^
merit , of-a . sortl of French i"H.enley" at!
Meuiari-onf Seine, * where '. yaclitirig'. ¦ auto
mobillri'g. 0 * ballooning- and :¦ other '- ¦¦¦ contests*
wm-be*held.'. : .-c-rr . .,-..., :'..-..-.'¦. A '-.* ¦ : "-' ; ;:'• '
\ While on" the strain; during the. holidays'
Mr.' Dillon was ; apparently ; attacked, by
smallpox. • He , was removed from the car,
at Oakesdale ; and taken to the pesthouse/.
•¦His* young, bride , refused to leave/ hini and
took an all ! night drive in the" pest,wagon/
SPOKANE;-. Jan.' 27.— The honeymoon ;'of
Mr. and Mrs. ''¦¦; Dillon of 7, California was
rudely interrupted ; by a - smallpox scare,
arid instead ; of ' completing , their wedding
trip : to ; Lewiston, : Idaho, they have been
spending the time in the Whitman Coun
ty.,pesthouse./ . ; ] . : --": ," : .;.'-; :'¦-. ', :¦'¦ "//.
Attack of Smallpox 1: While "on
Way. to Xewiston: .
California" Brido v and^'Grooin '¦ Suffer*
The people of the neighborhood, Reeling
unsafe while the creature Is at; large,-have
sent twenty men on its' trail 'to effect -Its
capture.' ._..._- . _ .' . '."'..V^li
on the Point' Neuf River, . near John
Gooch's ranch. The creature showed fight,
and flourishing a large club and uttering a
series of yells started 1 to attack the; skat
ers, who managed to reach their wagons
and got away^ in safety.
Measurements of the tracks showed the
creature's feet to "be twenty-two inches
long and seven inches broad, with . the
imprint of only four toes. Stockmen re
port having seen similar tracks along the
range west of the* river/ : 'X'/ilL\)
. When *,the. hour ..of their release ;.was
drawing: 'near • a little blotchYappeared oh
the". bride's \ face. ¦ She " has . the ." dreaded
disease In? a" ¦ mHd form. . and the -husband
is i now. 'nursing* his- faithful ; companion.':
Their ''sojourn "in the 'pesthouse isindefl-^
nite: ; :; -'¦'.',¦ ¦ ¦-¦- : -?." ¦ ,- „ * ¦-¦¦' "'. .••'¦¦' I
sitting. ;beside her .sick-, husband. tA ifew
.days, in the pesthpuse arid- trie r nilld. attack
of- r 8rriallpox began to 'disappear," "but- the
"couple^ remained in quarantine.'..'-;. ' , .']
. ASTORIA,' Jan. 27.— Of twenty-one per- "-^
sons wh^o came down Fourteenth street on
a bobsled last night seventeen were lu-
Jured, - several seriously. The sled had at
talned a velocity of "a mile a" minute and
ran into -"a pile of lumber. B. H. Hansen
suffered a compound fracture of the right -
leg'that-.wfll necessitate amputation -of the
Mm); and perhaps cause. his death. Miss
IctS Hanseii and Miss Graham sustained
broken legs." One of the coasters was"
badly cut about the head, while several
others have fractured limba. '__ ( 4 k
Seventeen Merry-Makers Receive
1 ' Injuries in an Accident at.
. Radowski was sentenced to ten years'
imprisonment 'on Alcatraz for expressing
himself as follows:
'•President -McKlnley got . what he de
served.- My time of enlistment in the
army will soon expire, and when It does
I'll see that." President Roosevelt gets the
same dose that Czolgosz gave McKinley."
COASTING SXED CRASHES
INTO PILE OP : LTTMBER
"I guess I did say what they accuse me
of v I was drunk and so were the men
that testified "against me. That is, all but
one man, a Justice of the Peace! think
he was. I" don't remember having seen
him,* although he says he first- ordered
my arrest. I. guess I got the worst of It '
because' I'm a Pole and my name ends in
•ski.'. I was born. in; Chicago, where my
father runs a saloon, and I think to-day
that I'm as good an American as any of
those. -people, walking free about that
wharf." '¦-}, , - . . .*-.-••¦
the regular j army. I was in the infantry
first, but. was transferred to the artillery.
EONEYUbpN IS ENDED
> ' m : - IDAHO PESTHOUSE
Radowski, who was heavily;; ironed,
hand and foot, is : the . same . Radowski;
who, according to a i morning, paper,' ar
rived here last Thursday and ¦ was taken
to Alcatraz secretly.,, In^spite of the fact
that Radowski was. at that time In the
guardhouse of Vancouver Barracks, a
circumstantial account was printed of hia
' RANK RADOWSKI, the^ artil-'
B -lery private whose expressed
. B a ; approval . of , the deed that'. cost
1 '\; President : McKinley; his l|fe"
B has gained for him a sentence
".of ten years' imprisonment, en
Alcatraz, . arrived here ; yesterday - on
the Oregon express in company, with
ten 1 , other military prisoners. Under
escort of \ a strong guard the prisoners
were conducted •¦ from ; the ." railroad depot
to Clay-street wharf, where ¦ they em
barked on board the Government .tender
General '; McDowell, which took them to
their "island prison. '
"1'ni ho anarchist. 1 '- I never even ; ; took
an ; interest in 'politics, 'arid: it made little
difference -, to ; me who r . was "President— we
generally manage ; to get- a" good ' one.
iWhen ithe' call, camell for troops' , for \ the
Philippines -'1^ enlisted in the; volunteers,
and .wlien.we were -mustered out* I' Joined
"Radpwski, : while riot- seeming to 'realize'
the -seriousness -of his punishment, speaks
bitterly of .those, by whose". evidence "he
was convicted. --He says: ' '¦ "-•
'.• He yesterday, however, and
looks anything • but a* dangerous* anarch
ist! •: He' is "undersized and , inoffensive ; in
appearance, .. has ; a , good record in ", the
army v and' according ;. to the officer ' in
charge of ', the' prisoners' acted in a., de'
centi. gentlemanly- way * while under.- his
observation., j -.-.., ., • »'- '•'.'
trip^to 'Alcatr'azi with !a r full description^
.of -»his ". guards, . and, embellished 'with a'
personal Interview with the . unhappy; sol-'
dier^ ; v :.'->--\ ; / . "' ' '..';' ? i ',' . ':. '¦ >' ' \
FRANK RADOWSKI, 1 : EX-PRIVATE '.IN , THE \ UNITED .STATES^ ARMT,': WAS i SE JTEEN,CED VTO. -TEN
' : YEARS' IMPRISONMENT FOR EXPRESSING; GRATiFICATIQNr.OVERiTHE^ ASSASSINATION \ OF PRESI
DENT McKINLEY, AS HE APPEARED -YESTERDAY; CHAINED TO HIS GUARD. - : "- ' • r'^^^^l
On September. 7, .the fourth* day after
the capture, two of the students 'had
Miss Stone . and Mme .Tsilka, who
were both mounted,, were soon separated
from the rest of their party, being hur
ried off up into the Jokoruda Hills ' to
the north of the pass in which the cap
ture was made. The rest of the party,
after being detained two days, wern' al
lowed to go.* One of -them," however, a
young Turk, was murdered on the first
day, as his captors needed -the horse he
was riding. ; . ; ¦ • .'.'
It was about 4 o'clock In the afternoon
(the travelers were , resting) that they,
were. surrounded. and captured^by. a band
of men) thirty or. forty in number, , who
were dressed like -Turks, .but who spoke
in the Bulgarian tongue/ ¦''¦ .¦':.'<
The' party started bveF the mountain
pass to DJuma, In the Struma River val
ley, whence Miss Stone was to return to
Salonika,' the others to go to their re
spective homes.. •;¦ •' '¦¦•¦ '- ' ¦ ; ' ¦ :' '.¦-- -
; "Early- last" summer.- she -went tip to
Bansko, on > the eastern 'slope ' of - the
•Jeltepe Hills, overlooking* the valley, of
the; Metza River . and : not < Jar; from the
Bulgarian border line,. to conduct a sum
mer, school for . the natives^ The -season
ended,' she | left Bansko on ; September j 3
last, . in company j with Mr. and . Mrs.
Tsilka and .Mrs. Ooshua, her assistants,
four .Bulgarian, under teachers, six stu
dents' from the college at Samokov, in
Bulgaria," and" some native attendants,
eighteen persons In all. '."_."'
point-as a central 1 station* she .visited In
the^irie of duty the sections to the north
and northeast. .'
SALT LAKE, Jan. 27.— According to the
Pccatello, Idaho, correspondent of" .the"
Deseret News the residents of the little
town of Chesterfield, located in an iso-"
laled portion of Bannock County, | Idaho,
are greatly excited over, the appearance
in that vicinity of an eight-foot hair-cov
ered human monster. He was first seen
on January 14, when he appeared among a
Darty of young people who were skating
Man Eight Feet Tall
Reported to Be at Large in
Idaho.
SEATEBS ABE SCARED .- -^
BY HUMAN MONSTER
From Philippopolis she was transferred
a few years ago to Salonika, from which
Miss Ellen M. Stone, whose home is at
Chelsea, Massachusetts, went to Turkey
ac- a missionary a number of years ago
ur.der the auspices of the American
Board of Missions, an 1 organization of
the Congregational church, of which ehe
is a member. She engaged in missionary
work at a number of points in Macedo
nia and Bulgaria, Including Philippopolifi.
a large city in the latter country, some
sixty miles east of the scene of her late
captivity, and was well known and much
liked throughout the vicinity.,- ,.-•>'
LONDON, Jan. 27.— A dispatch from
Sofia, Bulgaria, to-day says the ransom of
Miss Ellen M. Stone and her companion.
Madame Tsilka, has been paid to the
brigands and that the captives are ex
pected to be released to-day. .
the fortrcr cntiro freedom ! to
cr-Fr; and recro^s the- frontier, so.as/to
facilitate the liberation of the captives.
A. A. Gurrigulo. first dragoman', of the
Vnlted States legation. at Constantinople;
Ur. House and \V. W. Peet. treasurer of
the American Mission at Constantinople,
have undertaken to hand over the ransom
and receive the captives. They have ac
cepted all risks and by special request are
no longer accompanied by an escort of
soldiers.
D JAM ALA, Roumanla, Jan. 27.
—The release . of Miss ! Stone :
and Miae. Tsilka is now ex
pected hourly. . At the request
of the American "negotiators
the Government . has granted
rCHILLICOTHE, Ohio, Jan. 27.-Joseph
Cox ; shot, and killed Howard " Ratcliff e at
church', Sunday, evening at Eagle Mills
fifteen; miles east of here. , Cox : had . been
paying- attention to Ratcllffe's sister and
'Ratcliffe : strongly - objected.. Cox took
Miss , Ratcllffe' to, church, last night, and
Vhen\ Ratcliffe^ saw " them together in the
church HeVat"; once assVultedT Cox, iwho
drew a revolver and flred, ; the ball passing
through Ratcllffe's body.; ,
His Sister's' Escort and Is Shot
and Killed.
Howard Ratcliff e : Makes Assault on
EECEIVES DEATH WOUND
¦; W: F ILE ATTEWDINa CHXTECH
., Other , letters were received from Miss
Stone, on October 16 and November 11.'
In the\ meantime efforts were made to
havethe ransom reduced; and on Novem
ber lplt was announced' that the captors
had agreed to accept £15,000 (Turkish)—
about $82,000. On December 2 came a re
port of Miss Stone's death", which was
later denied. There were further reports
from time to time of her death, and these
were as often denied. ' <
An appeal was made to the United
States Government, which, while it could
not ; legally, furnish the money for the
ransom, , instructed its representatives
near ; the. scene , to take proper action in
the matter with : the Turkish arid Bulga
rian governments. ¦ • •
Then came an appeal to the people of
the. United States, with the result that
by.; the expiration of the time limit some
560,000 had been subscribed for the ran
som. / The brigands, apparently advised
of the ' progress of affairs, made an ex
tension'of thirty days for the payment
ot ' * ne ? um demanded. Public subscrip
tion's practically " stopped then, on the
suggestion of Secretary, Judson Smith
and' President Samuel Capleni of the
American Board of Missions, who were
of the opinion that the payment of the
ransom would establish a precedent that
would • - Jeopardize the lives of missiona
ries in Bulgaria and adjacent states^for
a lone, time to come. . , ,
her: whereabouts, and that her captors
had fixed the ransom for her release at
£25,000 (Turkish)— about $110.000— and that
if it was not forthcoming by October 8
she would be put to death.
CAPTIVE AMERICAN MISSIONARY AND HER COMPANION FOR, WHOSE ; RELEASE A LARGE RANSOM HAS
BEEN PAID. THE TREASURER OF THE AMERICAN MISSION' AT.^CONSTANTINOPLE HAS viONE TO
PAY OVER THE MONEY- TO -TH E .BRIGANDS AND . ESCORT . THE TWO .WOMEN BACK TO CIVILIZATION.
..At* 3 o'clock Admiral .' arid ?. Mrs. Schley
were /'given; a; public reception ;"at the i Au
ditqriumjHotel.V./AT chorus of 'fifty . younV
ladies, ; attired in sailor suits," sang? "See, !
the; Conquering Hero Comes.','
.:-"'" ¦^"'''¦yy- -,"-.'* '.. '-'-. ' ¦¦.'"*.-;/;'¦¦";¦
', //At' II ; a. m. twenty-two, representatives
of the .German societies' of .Chicago pre
sented,to the admiral' resolutions of es
teem and" approbation^.. Following luncJi
jo'nlwith A. ,' E. Miiriger of the Hamilton
"Club rAdmiralj'and. : Mrs.V Schley. met' the
members of ' the" Maryland Society, 'i of
Chicago at a • reception in 'the '; Palmer
House.: '.-. ¦, ; V ,,:. ' .¦"''¦:'¦; ¦'¦%,*;.';:
CHICAGO, Jan. • 27.— The ' last day of
Admiral Schley' s sojourn in Chicago was
full of Interesting" incidents. ; Reception
followed . reception, and it is * estimated
that- during the day , : the * admiral 'shook
hands with more, than 5000 persons, men,'
women and .children.^ : The first .item In
the distinguished visitor's schedule was
a visit to the new. W..8. Schley.. school
building:" . .-/ v 5 ¦_;¦
The admiral entered the building through
two lines of boys holding palms- 'over
his head,, while- the 'children -sang "See,"
the Conquering Hero Comes.? r After be
ing introduced - he".' made a short speech,
in which; he "said that ; honor and honesty
are the handmaids of valor. He :• said,
too, that he was very, glad. to] have ¦ .f .'the
school . named after him. . A small boy
piped up, "I am glad- they named it after
you," 'whereupon there wereshbnts of
laughter and general: applause. • The ; WO
children;' In -attendance marched by trie
admiral, who shook hands with every ono
oi them.
Rear Admiral .Schley's brief will be
made. public on -Wcineaday. It follows
closely the bill of exceptions submitted
by the rear admiral to Secretary Long,
though it is more comprehensive. It.pre
sents no new facts, but submits elaborat-j
reasons why the finding of the .court,
which are adverse, to Rear Admiral
Schley, should be disapproved. The' de-;
partment's reply will.be made public on
Thursday. The action of the President
will .follow, but It has not yet' bnen
framed, though. its character' is generally
known. . ;
"See, the Conquering, Hero Comes."
Captain Clark .is also quoted as saying
that the 13-inch guns of the Oregon were
fired at the Colon during tne fight upon
the initiative of "his own officers and not
in obedience to . any orders from the
Brooklyn, though Rear Admiral- Schloy
and Ensign McCauley asserted that such
orders' were signaled. ;
There is no such signal as "follow, the
flag"' given in the signals of the Brook
lyn, and in C the testimony of Ensign Mc-
Cauley no reference is made to it, and
Lieutenant Commander Reginald Nichol
son, navigator of. the Oregon, did not 'see
it.* . Captain Clark stated that he started
in for the r mouth of Santiago harbor,be
fore he saw any signal from the "Brook
lyn. This action was . under the general
squadron order issued by. Rear Admiral
Sampson. . '
No "Follow the Flag" Signal.
CALL BUREAU,, 1406 G; STREET, N.
.W.-, x WASHINGTON,- Jan. 27.— Rear Ad
miral SchleyV appeal . to .the President
will be disposed of adversely to the ap
pellant. There is" no ' longer ; any doubt
that Roosevelt will uphold the findings
of the court of inquiry" which investigat
ed the conduct of .Rear /Admiral Schley
during the war. with" Spain.* Those who
claim ' to . have . special knowledge of the
President's' views .even say that he will
pass upon the question of command, and'
that while Rear Admiral Schley will re
ceive the commendation due, to an officer
who participated in the battle the credit
for the victory will -be awarded to Rear
Admiral Sampson.
:It is the expectation of -Rear Admiral
Schley ¦ that the President -' will . decide
this question. In his brief-to the com
mander-in-*chief, q| the navy he devoted
special, attention to ; this, feature of the
controversy, quoting portions oftha tes
timony of Captain Clark,- who command
ed the • Oregon ; j of Ensign ' McCaule'y/ sig
nal officer, of thV BrooKlyh, .arid;, that
which he himself ; gave. to supports the,;'ln
dlvlduaHflndings^of .Admiral : ; Dewey. r,V
the Navy DepartrhempKis given'ajcertifl
cate of exposition; of . the -command
ter. It shows that Captains ' Evans ; of
the Iowa, Captain "Taylor .of. the; Indiana
and Commander ( \Vainwright of the'Glou
cester all stated under, oath that their
action and movement ; during \ the battle
¦were - not - controlled ; in - any - way by • Rear
Admiral .Schley, or .from. the Brooklyn.
Captain Clark himself is quoted to show
that he is not certain whether the Brook
lyn's signal ..was "follow the flag" 1 ' or
"close ud.".
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Controversy.
Coming Review by the Cliief . Execu
tive Is Expected to Put an End
to the Celebrated Naval
Receives Due Commendation,
, : but His Superior Wks •
in Command.
Decision Is Expected to
Be Adverse to
Schley.
Representatives of the United States Legation andAmencan Mis
sion at Constantinople Go Forth to Turn Over the Ransom
and Receive the Prisoners From the Bulgarian Abductors
niiuiisuu
DF COURT TO
¦¦-¦¦¦¦ v ¦:¦•;¦¦."¦:•' : ' "• - .
MONEY IS PAID TO BRIGANDS
AND RELEASE OF THE CAPTIVE
MISSIONARY IS NO W EXPECTE D
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT WILL AWARD TO SAMPSON
FULL CREDIT FOR THE NAVAL VICTORY AT SANTIAGO
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28; 1902;
VOLUME XCI.— NO 59.
Gomes From 'Vancouver Barracks With Ten Other Military Con
victs and Is Taken at Once Under-Strong Guard to Alcatraz.
Prisoner Says That He -|Was Convicted "Because of His Name
PRIVATE RADOWSKI, WHO WAS
GLAD OF PRESIDENT'S DEATH,
IS TAKEN TO ISLAND PRISON
After some delay troops were sent out
on both the Turkish and Bulgarian sides
of the border to hunt out and arrest. her
captors/ but nothing definite was heard
again of Miss Stone until September 26,
when Dr. Haskell, a missionary at, Sam
okov, received a letter from her. The let
ter was thrown, in through his window
by an unknown hand. In this letter she
said that the vigorous pursuit of the
Turkish troops had forced her captors to
make such frequent and ; rapid changes
of cuarters that her shoes were about
worn off her feet;. that she could not give
been with the party reached Samokov,
which is about twenty miles north of
the scene of the capture, and wired the
news to Dr. House, in charge of the sta
tion at Salonika. . ' •attorney general of minne
sota and the presiding of
.' ficer'of supreme court.
vlifi »^ N0 S LB8i Jan> 2T— John Sampaon. the
convlcled ; wife murderer,' was. to-day sentenced
bytJudge Smith to: San Quentln for life •
'.SAN JOSE.. Jan. 27.— A. J.' Donovan, a young
business man of » San i Francisco, - was ¦ married
to . Miss Angle ; Pozzo ' of , this city, in' St. Jo
seph's Church yesterday.- - ' . ¦-¦ - ¦ t
Itching, Blind, "Bleeding or Protruding Piles ;
No Cure, No Pay, All druggists are authorized
by; manufacturers of Pazo .Ointment .to refund
money -where it -falls, to' cure an* case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen days |
One application gives ease and rest. .. Relieves
itcb.ns instantly. This is a new discovery,' and
Is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee/no cure no pay. ' A free sample will be
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. - Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keep
it in strck send 60c ln stamps and we will for
ward full size box by. ma)l. Manufactured by
PARIS i MEDICINE . CO., . St. Louis, Mo.. < who
also . manufacture the J celebrated cold, cure., .
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets, ;¦_• ;..'"-
P iles Cured Without ' the Knif el
TACOMA, Jan. 27.— Fred . Gilbert, alias
Fred Webster, has been- . arrested in
Everett on the charge of desertion from
the United States army in Chicago last
October. His right name is" "Webster and
he married in Chicago -under ¦ that name.
He has been living in Everett* for sev
eral months under the name of Gilbert.
His wife and child live "at Webster City.
Iowa. Webster has been taken to Fort
Flagler and delivered . to. the army offi
cers. • . • -
Army Deserter Captured.
"^ery thing. Indicates ' that the cano©
fivp h^ lmbedded ln the bank at least
fls?nf e if earB ' Above it was found
nr^fnn £$ co ttonwood trees centuries old.
?w PP n P «™ h^ e^ lay a bank ' of earth.be
wuv, I? th * blunt ' instruments, i- probably
, TACOMA, Jan. 27-'— The durability of red
cedar,- is demonstrated -by. the discovery
last , week of "a r cedar, capoeat least five,
centuries old in a clay bank In Skaglt
County. -. D. • B/,, Ennis or Sedro, accom
panied by ( another .white man and two'In
.dians, was exploring the "bed of Cascade
c Tf e^ for minerals.. -One mile 'from the
creeK s -mouth, the party came across a
spot .where^ the- force of the current dur
t hf ' ,r l ate ,- f reshet had washed I away
om fio y b *l nk ? l0 "e the stream.- Sticking
P ™ e £ lay bank.they found a well
preserved Indian • canoe, •• made - out ' of ¦ a
t? «r r r.< 08 t a r d < r nearly thitt V feet ln length,
feet e ° ¦ the bank " ab out fifteen
Creek's Torrent Exposes " Craft Made'
by Aborigines of the Distant '
':''<': '.¦ ':'¦¦: ¦/"•Past.' ; : v 1 ;-..'-'--':' :
X) NE ARTHS ' CEDAR i CANOE - ''
¦; v, .FIVE ; X7ENTURIES OF AGE
'Concluding the argument S for the State
of. Minnesota, .M. D- Munn said that the
1 He never, before had heard of a case
in which a State, had called on a Federal
judiciary to • support its own I State ! laws
in matters not coming under Federal jur
isdiction. -. ...-. . . , , ..*¦
Former Attorney . General Griggs fol
lowed,- ' also speaking for the securities
company. He said the fundamental error
of the State of Minnesota in this proceed
ing is in making a. claim to the assistance
of this court in the exercise of ¦ Its sover
eignty. At best the command of the State
could not be. considered effective outside
of The State. - The public police law of one-
State- could not be extended to- another
State. ¦¦;¦:; . , •¦ ' ,*..¦• . .-,. ¦ - : .-. -. ¦ ¦
Closing. Statements Made.
In conclusion Guthrie contended for a
continuance of the policy which had pro
vailed, he said, during the history of the
.Government of allowing each State to con
trol its. own affairs winout'. interference
on the part of the Federal 1 Judiciary. .
., He. called attention to the fact that no
relief is sought against the Great North
ern Railway Company, or the Northern
Pacific, although both are corporations of
the State of Minnesota and therefore
within the jurisdiction of the courts of
that State. This was taken, he said, a,s
a confession that neither of these corpo
rations had sinned against the laws or the
constitution of Minnesota. He pointed out
that neither of these companies is a - party
to the suit, so.no relief could be granted
against them. \ ' • . •
The bill asks the court, he said; to re
strain by injunction a citizen of New Jer
sey from doing there acts which are en
tirely lawful according to her laws, and
which, are sanctioned by ¦ her statutory
pdlicy, simply because those acts violate
or evade or tend to circumvent the public
or penal or police laws of Minnesota, the
complainant State. There Is, he continued,
no suggestion that the acts complained of
are not entirely lawful in the State of
New. Jersey, or that it is not within the
corporate powers of the defendant corpo
ration as an investment company to ac
quire and hold the stocks of railway com
panies. The sole ground for complaint is
the alleged violation in New Jersey of
certain enactments contained In the stat
utes of Minnesota: Hence he contended
that the injunction prayed for .would be
nothing more or less than an order com-,
pelling the securities company to obey in
New Jersey the laws of Minnesota. ,
SAN 1 JOSE. Jan. '27.— The Southern; Pa
cific Company has under consideration a
plan suggested • by O. . A. Hale of . this
city to run an observation ; train over \ a
scenic loop, something Vj like \the figure
"8," from Oakland to New Alamaden via
San Jcsfe and Campbell, and thence via
Hillsdale and San Jose to Palo Alto, San
Mateo and. San Francisco. .-The, project
would necessitate the laying- of a. third
'rail- from; Campbell to New; Alamaden.
The route would enable .tourists. In a
twelve-hour ride to see, Santa Clara Val-"
ley and its : environs.; ¦ • : . ' /; u;.=.:
Southern Pacific Considering Plan;
for a Delightful Outing for
Tourists.'
SCENIC TRIP AROUND
: SAN FRANCISCO BAY
W. D. Guthrie, for the Northern Securi
ties Company, filed a brief with the court
outlining that company's position. He
contended that the bill of complaint, pro
posed to be filed on behalf of the State .of
Minnesota does not present- a controversy
of a civil and judicial . nature between a
State and a citizen of another State jus
tifiable in this court, and that no State
can call upon this court to enforce Its
penal or police laws in other States. Hence
this court is without jurisdiction. • ,\
Guthrie Argues for Merger.
If what is attempted to be done here can
be successfully accomplished the States of this
Union are powerless to -.enforce such statutes.
The National Government under Its . present
constitutional limitations can enact no legis
lation.which will, protect State commerce and
State traffic against such - a monopolistic con
solidation as is referred to in this' bill. The
only practical way the" State can protect itsalf
is by the adoption of legislation of the char
acter sought to be enforced In this action, and
the only tribunal in which that can be en
forced under the circumstances disclosed in
this bill is the one to which we. now appeal.
It seems to us that there is a controversy be
tween the State of Minnesota and the defendant
corporation — a citizen of the ] State of New
Jersey — which, under the constitutional-pro
vision referred to, entitles the State of Min
nesota to the privilege of the Jurisdiction of
this court; In fact, this' Is the . only judicial
tribunal in which the State of Minnesota can
well assert its claim and present , Its contro
versy against the defendant. - -* **" 1 '"
While it is not a part of the duty of the
State of Minnesota to enforce the rights of the
citizens of any other State and it does not
seek to do so, we ask this court to turn to
those facts of which it has a right to take
judicial notice and it will learn that six of
these seven States through -which these roads
pass have constitutional or statutory inhibi
tions similar to the one 'which the State of
Minnesota now seeks to enforce in this action.
We refer to this only for the purpose of dis
closing the far-reaching effect of this tre
mendous consolidation. If the State of Min
nesota cannot maintain this action we fail
to see how it Is possible for any State to en
force redemial statutes adopted for the pro-'
tection of the' interests of its citizens as well
as to protect its individual rights.
The bill discloses that this consolidation em
braces about 17,000 miles of railroad.- fur
nishing nearly all the transportation facili
ties available to the people of ssven different
States of the Union, which seven Stated.em
brace mere than one-fifth of the entire area of
the United States and nearly one-twelfth of its
population. - ' :'i
against the jurisdiction of-thls court could be
urged with equal force before the courts ot
New Jersey. . - ¦ . .:¦
Two Men Burned to Death.
KINGMAN, Ariz., Jan. 27.— Two men
were burned to- death and another hor
ribly burned in an old abandoned pump
house one mile south of King man last
night.- The men" had made a fire In the
house. While they were asleep the
flames communicated to the building, de
stroying it and incinerating two of the
men. The third, George Williams, es
caped from the burning building, but was
so badly' burned that he cannot live. .
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 27.— Nine com
plaints were filed to-day with the Police Judge
for the sale of liquors without license. The
persona arrested are proprietors of restaurants
and chophouses.
GUTHRIE. O. T., Jan. 27.— Fred Tiner,
a full-blood Shawnee Indian, alleged to
havo assaulted .three Shawnso squaws
last Wednesday, was tied to a 3taketo be
burned to death by members of his tribe,
men and women. He waa .first cruelly
tortured. His face was beaten, out of
shape, his ears were torn nearia^ off by
squaws, and other horrible ¦ tortures were
being applied when Deputy United -States
Marshal -Davis arrived. from. Ariebeki, I.
•T.-, who quickly, took in the situation, held
the mob back with ; a gun and cut j the
thongs, backed away" from, the - crowd
with his prisoner and safely escaped to
We woka, where Tiner was jailed Sunday.
the Stake.
the Indian From Death at
Timely Arrival of an Officer Saves
SHAWNEES TOJtTTJRE
ONE OF THEIR TBIEE
In reply to Chief Justice Fuller and
Justice Harlan he said it would be Im
possible to secure relief in the State
courts, as it would be impossible to get
jurisdiction, the securities company hav
ing no resident representative in Minne
sota. Furthermore, he assumed that the
directors of the two railroads would obey
the dictates of the securities company as
the slave would obey the commands of his
master. • .
When Munn concluded the court took
the- application" under advisement..
Justice Shiras asked what the effect on
the management of the two raods would
be if the«4njunction prayed for should be
granted, and Munn replied that the con
trol would revert to the original stock
holders. . • • -. - ¦
law in controversy had been adopted to
protect the State against the consolida
tion of railway lines which, had been con
structed by State aid. He. called atten
tion to | the fact that the act not only
prohibts the consolidation of railway com
panies but also of railway francihses and
stocks. '¦¦. ' - ' ¦ %
He contended that, the act was framed
to provide a remedy not. only to the State
in its. individual , capacity but also to the
citizens of. the State in their, individual
capacity as well. ¦ In. fact., the act was a
part -of the - charter- contract when the
railroad corporations came Into the State.
Consequently '.the State .."of Minnesota
could enforce'' Jt' at'" any', place. He said
the securities company could, direct the
affairs of the ; two railroads from New Jer
sey, notwithstanding the effect would be
felt in 'Minnesota. .The charge-was that
competition is 1 and could . be removed.
Moreover, the directors, of the securities
company are -stockholders of the North
ern Pacific : and Great -Northern com
panies, the effect -being; as complete and
perfect a. consolidation: as could be imag
ined. This' wa&> to bei accomplished en
tirely -outside the. limits^ of tire State, but
its effect would be concentrated. upon that
State.- He also attacked .the combination
a.s .a"< monopoly -and as therefore a nui
sance under> the -common .law. He like
wise controverted the laea- set forth by
the opposition counsel that the securities
company is merely an investment com
pany.
Raker then asked the court to order
the clerk to Issue a subpena for Wilkin
son, who is in Texas, but the court re
fused to make the order, saying. "You
might just as well subpena the moon."'
The defense protested against the ruling
of the court, claiming Wilkinson was a
necessary witness. Parks told the story
Of _the night In the hotel almost, without
variation from the account he gave on
direct examination and corroborated the
story of. Mrs, Gibbons in many respects
Mrs. Gibbons swore that her sister who
was hysterical on the night of the lynch
ing, did not make much noise, but Parks
said she "screamed and made an awful
racket." ¦
"Did you tell him that the least said about
the lynching the better and that while you
were at Myers' Hote! you heard Jim Hall
growling about his guns being brought there
and- that you thought as you looked at Jim
Hall that that big , would not - need
a run very long? DIfi you say that?"
Parks— Xo. sir; that was not the conversa
tion. George came to the ranch on horseback
and had dinner with Jett Wilkinson and me.
He said that he had been told that there was
to be a lynching and that he had been asked
to take a hand, but that his 6ister would not
let him. and I told him not to repeat the
etory. as.he would get in trouble and be called
as a witness.
Post — Then If "Will McDaniel should swear
that he was on the store porch the night-of
the lynching he would be mistaken, would h«?
Parks— Ho would be swearing to a lie. • ¦
Post — Did you 6ee George Courtwright at
Happy Camp the night of May 31 and have a,
conversation regarding the lynching? ¦ i
"Yes." ' v ' ¦
Parks testified that he did not see any
of the alleged lynchers around Trow
bridge's store in the afternoon or even
ing. , . u' r
Explains Talk With Courtwright.
Parks proved . to be a peculiar witness |
in the hands of Post. He was surly to a j
degree, flippant and ugly, astute, but]
very attentive. Post failed to entangle
him to any great extent, and the Jn[ or- )
matioh elicited during the cross-examina- 1
tion, so far as It went this afternoon, j
varied but little from .what he testified* to |
under direct examination. ' ' Post asked •
him the "whys" and "wherefores" of
many of the answers Parks gave, and
the witness volunteered the information
that he learned a long time ago to mind
his own business and that' he talked only ,'
when spoken to and did not believe any- I
thing if he did not see it. Parks tried to I
be funny on several occasions during the I
afternoon, and ! his manner of answering >
questions delayed :the proceedings. He i
said that he had heard out in the country j
that the Halls had been arrested, but j
did not display any curiosity regarding I
them when he arrived at flyers' Hotel, i
He knew who the prisoners were; they,
had not been pointed out to him, but
"common sense told me who they were."
At one time in the proceedings Post
asked the reporter to go back to his
notes. Raker.. objected to the delay and
the court informed him that he was one
of the. attorneys in the case and not
the Judge. Spencer objected to the re-«
mark of the court and Judge Harrington
retorted: . . - -
"Now you are squawking. You're al
ways saying something."
Spencer protested against the language
of the court and the Judge said:
"Mr. Spencer, you're too old a man to
be punished for insolence." .
Witness Tries to Be Funny.
An objection was sustained. This end
ed the- - direct examination and .the de
fense-turned the witness over to the
prosecution for cross-examination.
Post withdrew his objection to the
question of Raker as to whether Parks
saw Eades and Leventon on the road, and
he replied that -they were coming up the
road from the south on horseback he
neared Eades' place.
Raker — Did they Eay anything about going
to Lookout' to be present at the trla! which
was being held- there that afternoon?'
The Court — Raker was never known to obey
the- ruling of the Court. Strike out the ques
tion.
Parks was questioned as to "Bob"
Courtwright overtaking him on the road
at Hapoy Camp on the morning, of May
31, after the lynching. Parks was asked as
to the statement Courtwright had made
to him to the effect that Courtwright did
not go to see the bodies of the lynched
men. The court sustained an objection by
the prosecution, saying that the defense
could not impeach Courtwright by asking
such questions. Raker explained that ho
asked Courtwright certain questions in
direct examination for the purpose of
having them denied by subsequent .wit
nesses. The court ruled against further
questions of a similar nature.
Parks was then asked if he drov« to
Isom Eadea' place on the Happy Camp
road that morning and if he saw "Bob"
Leventon and Eades on the road. An ob
jection was sustained. The defense ex
plained that it wanted to prove the
whereabouts of these men on that; morn
ing. Objections to questions as to whether
or not any conversation was carried on
between' the witness, Eades and Leven
ton, regarding the lynching were sustain
ed. Raker persisted, and asked the wit
ness if Leventon did not say at that time
that- the "hanging was a good Job."
Post here called the attention of the court
to- the fact that Raker was violating the
ruling*of the court.
Vain Sparring 1 by Counsel.
Ing was brought out on cross-examina
tion.
Further questions by Baker brought the
information from . Parks j that he * had
never, previous to May 31. heard of the
lynching; that he knew absolutely noth
ing about the plans of the lynchers, and
that he knew but few of the alleged
lynchers before coming to Alturas to ap
pear before the Grand v Jury- .
VALLEJO, Jan. 27.-Frank Vierra re
turned home late for dinner yesterday,
and finding the meal cold quarreled with
his wife. He then went into an adjoining
room and shot himself In the right temple
with a revolver. Vierra was employed
in the navy-yard. He was a native ot
Boston and 28 years old.' Besides the
widow three children survive him. ;
Suicide After Domestic Quarrel'.
These pensions were granted: =
California: Original— James C. Grear,
Rohnerville, $6; James McCurdy, San
Francisco, $6; Justus Ruhl, Pine Grove,
JC: Ebenezer M. Rankin, Ontario, $8. In
crease— William H. Bixter. Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles, $8. Mexican War—
Hezekiah Thomas MUler. AToaalie, |12;
William Baggett, Highland Park, ?13.
Oregon: Increase— Joel A. Sti»rt. Ore
gon City, $12. Mexican War— William
Hanson Rogers, Myrtle Point, 512; John
H. Col vln. Marshland, $12.
Army orders— Leave of absence granted
Alfred C. Merillat, Fifteenth Cavalry,
Department of California, is extended one
month. First Lieutenant Frederick R.
Defuniak Jr., Eleventh Infantry, is or
dered to Columbus Barracks for duty
with the recruits to the Philippines via
San Francisco. .
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— Postmaster
commissioned— John C. Harris. Gould
City,, Wash. Appointed— Ella Black, Tu
lalip, Snohomlsh County, Wash., vice Ida
McCormick, removed.
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postoffice Department and More
Pensions Granted.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
', ¦ OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Raker asked that the reporter read from
his cotes regarding the race track meet-
Ing, claiming the subjectwas brought out
on direct examination. Same time was
lost while the reporter was searching
through his numerous books. It was finally
discovered that the reference to the meet-
The Court— That Is a false statement Mr
Raker. I made no such ruling. You <Jrew the
matter of the racetrack meeting- out on cross
ex&mlnatlon. That was the part the court
ruled as collateral rr&tter. ; . -
Spencer— Do we understand that you rule
that the testimony of Hutton is immaterial?
The Court — I have made no such ruling
Rakei" — I move that the court arder stricken
out the testimony of Hutton. The court ruled
It immaterial.
When the afternoon session began
Judge Harrington rendered a brief de
cision as to whether the defendant be al
lowed to testify concerning the racetrack
meeting mentioned In the confessions
of John Hutton and Claude Mor
ris. Judge Harrington held that the ob
jection of counsel for the . prosecution on
the ground that the question asked by
the defense was irrelevant and incompe
tent was well founded, for the reason that
Parks was not named as one of the per
sons present at the racetrack meeting.
Court Eules Against Defense.
Frank Tetreau, who has testified for
the prosecution, asked the witness to go
to Sagebrush Point to see what had been
'done with the men. Later James W.
Brown, Carpenter and the witness went
to the bridge to see the bodies. The wit
ness denied that he had ever met any
alleged lynchers to arrange for a
hanging.
Samuel Parks was questioned as to the
ropes used in lynching and the defense
exhibited several ropes, asking him If
they were like the ropes he had purchased
in Trowbridge's store on the : afternoon
of May 30, and which he said were used
for making halters. The questions were
not allowed, nor were questions as to his
knowledge of ropes in general. The wit
ness was shown the rope used in the
lynching of James Hall and identified it,
but testified that he never had anything
to do with the buying of the ropes used
in the lynching. The ropes -were not al
lowed to be marked as exhibits in the
case.
Parks testified that after leaving the
taloon the first time on the night of the
lynching he met James \V, Brown and
Erving Carpenter on the south porch of
the hotel, and later stood with them In
the shade of Carpenter's house. No qne
Joined the party, but the witness saw
Judge Myers walking from the postofflce
to the hotel.
Witness Identifies a Rope.
A long argument followed and Judge
Harrington threatened on several occa
sions to send the jurors out of the room
because Raker persisted in trying to
bring certain ulterior matters before
them. The court said that he would ren
der a decision on the point In question
in the afternoon.
ALTCRAS. Jan. £7.— With only an oc
casional "spat" between the court and
counsel for the defense, to-day's proceed
ings In the trial of James W. Brown, the
alleged lyncher, were but ordinarily in
eerestingr. Slow progress was made, Sam
uel Parks being on the stand the entire
.day. The greater part of the morning
session was devoted to argument as to
whether the defense could ask Parks if
he had attended the meeting at the Altu
ras racetrack last June, . participated in
by Jbe alleged lynchers, and arranged for
the object of enabling the men to agree
on a story to tell the Grand Jury. Hut
ton, in his confession and in testimony
on the stand, declared that such a. meet-
Ing was held; that James W. Brown, the
defendant, Isom Eades, Fred Roberts, Jo
seph Leventon and others attended. The
prosecution objected to the» question on
the ground that the racetrack meeting
was first brought out by the defense in
cross-examination, and therefore was
collateral and immaterial, and on the
further ground that Hutton had thus
been maue a? witness for the defense and
that the witness could not be impeached
©n collateral matter. The defense claim
ed the question did not touch upon col
lateral matter and that it was brought
out by the prosecution on re-direct ex
amination; that the whole effort of the
prosecution had been to show a conspir
acy and that unless the raeetracK meet-
Ing were disproved it would show to a
certain extent that a conspiracy to lynch
the Halls, Dan Yantis and Martin Wil
son had existed.
Special Dlwatch to The CalL
The naval authorities to-night received
advices: from Honolulu up to January 21,
and as no news of the Condor was re
ceived hope, has been about abandoned.
H. M. S. Egeria will leave in the morning
to assist in the search for the "mlssinsf
vessel.
In a dispatch from Alberni further news
is given of the finding of the boat at
Ahousaett by the Indians, which is be
lieved to be one of the boats of the mis»-
Ing Condor. It 13 painted white, of hard
wood and clinker built. Officers , of the
steamer- Queen City, who examined the
boat, are of the opinion that it la Un
doubtedly one- of those belonging to the
Condor, of which no news. has been re
ceived since she left here for Honolulu.
Hope for Condor Abandoned.
Two other boats were afterward . found
at different points, and at Cape Scott,
near the north end of the island coast,
the deckhouse of a vessel came ashor*.
Some of the, wreckage is probably from
the ¦ missing steamers and the derelict
which went ashore a few days ago. at
Cape Beale, but it Is not Improbable that
the Red Rock may have contributed to
the quota.
The salmon ship sailed from "Victoria- on
November 29 after shipping a crew at Port
Townsend. She was commanded by Cap
tain Porter and carried a cargo of 80.164
cases of British Columbia salmon for Lon
don, valued at $320,656. . The heavy gale oc
curred shortly after she was loosed from
the tugboat off the cape, and she must
have been buffeted during that gale.
Whether she survived the storm and had
to jettison her salmon and had her buoy
and gear washed away, as did the Ardna
murchan a year ago, will not be known
until further wreckage comes ashore or
news of the vessel' is- received.
Lifeboats' Are Cast Ashore.
Dispatches from Alberni report that In
dians have picked up a lifebuoy and some
cases. of British Columbia salmon markeJ
"Red Rock. Glasgow." They have also
found some stanchions, cabin doors paint
ed white and other debris, which, added
to the finds made at different times with
in the past three weeks,, indicate that sev
eral vessels must have been lost durins
the heavy gale of December 3 and 4. -„
The lighthouse keeper at Carmanah
some time ago found a number of keg3,
two hatches painted a reddish brown, two
white-painted cabin doors, a number ot
broken oars, a life raft about thirty-five
feet long which was broken in two, the
lower part of a rudder, a ship's tatfrail,
two yards eighteen inches in diameter,
painted black with white yard arms, anil
pieces of a lead-colored ship'3 boat. -
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 27.— The steamer
Queen. City, which reached AlbenU . to
night from Cape Scott, and ports on the
west coast of Vancouver Island, brought
news of the finding of wreckage which
-will cause considerable alarm for the
salmon ship Red Rock, an Iron vessel of
1644 tons, which, sailed from here on No
vember 29, four days before the heavy
gale In which the warship Condor and the
collier Matteawan are believed to have
foundered. . * .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Witness Grows Facetious While on
the Stand and Attempts to .Make
Humorous Answers to
Questions.
British Naval Officials v Abandoa
Hope for the Safety of
the Hissing Warship
• Condor. • '
Prosecution Begins Cross-Ex
amination of Samuel
Parks.
Indians Find Life-Buoys and
Salmon Cases on the
The Indians carried Murphy to the
.shore and later .he boarded ¦ the little
"steamer Flossie for Juneau. At the latter
place the Cottage City picked him up and
carried him to Wrangel. When he left
the steamer his recovery appeared to be
only a matter of time.
Murphy, it will be remembered, with
three others, went hunting on Traders
Island. He was lost and his companions
followed his tracks to where he had fallen
from the precipitous bluff. There all
trace ended, as it -was impossible to reach
the bottom by ordinary means. Several
Indians, spurred on by a reward of $100,
found a path by which they could de
scend to the bottom, and there they found
Murphy, almost dead from exposure. The
force of his fall had been broken by pro
jections on the side of the cliff. The
point at which he was found was 300 feet
from the top.
A miraculous escape from death which,
unverified, would be labeled the veriest fic
tion -was that of James Murphy, who was
reported on Saturday as having fallen
from a cliff on Traders Island and was
believed to have been killed. The Cot
tag« City brought "back the man himself
and landed him at Wrangel, where he was
to reioln his friends.
SEATTLE, Jan. 27.— The steamship Cot
tage City reached port this morning from
Sltka and Lynn canal ports with ninety
passengers and news from the north up
to January 20, on which date she left
Skagway. Included in the party are
many persons prominent in mining arid
civil, life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 27.-Scorea
of mining: licenses were Issued to-day In
Vancouver ! and New Westminster and
hundreds of" men— miners, business men
and clerks r -are stampeding to the new
placer fields discovered at Sumas. The
find is near the 'internatlonaMlne, about
fifty . miles from Vancouver. It was
mad6a few days ago by William Davis,
an old Klondike miner. While sinking a
posthole on. a quartz claim he founa a
dozen good sized- nuggets just above
hard pan. The location is on an. alluvial
flat, where the bed of the Fraser River
formerly was. Out of the one hole Davis
took $10 worth of- gold, and from gravel
in the vicinity he obtained coarse dust
to the value of 50 cents to tfce pan. • •
. As soon as the news of the strike be
came known there was great excitement
in the neighborhood and fifteen claims
were staked on the first day. Free gold,
has been founa on the hillside,' samples
to the value of $550 to the ton having
been taken out. This has Increased tho
excitement and scores of claims will be
staked to-morrow. Many hastily formed
syndicates • are sending out men armed
with mining licenses. : ., .
Special Dispatch to The , Call.
Hours Are Wasted in
Caustic Argument
in xiiLuras.
Him Alive. ,
Indians Who Risk Life to
Reoover -His Bcdy Find \
Vessel and Crew Are
Believed to Have
Gone Down.
newed' his motion for le^ve* to ;
file a bill of complaint on behalf of/thoj
State against the Northern '- SecUjrltlcs-;-
Company In the matter of the merger of J
the Northern Pacific Railroad with v3^her j.^
railroads, saying that he had given notice <
to the defendants, as required-- by ; the ' .
court. - v ¦¦¦ .. ¦';: ; -V ? V i
Chief Justice Fuller announced that the K
arguments upon thls'-motion-" ¦v^ould-'V)« {
heard later in the day, «ts soon' as 'the :
hearing in the case under cpnsider'ation ,'.
could be completed. . ! ' 'Y^ . •
When the preceding' case had'been comi >:.
pleted Attorney General Douglass : was i
recognized to make his argument In sup- >
port of the motion for. leave to file • hU f .
bill of. complaint.. In concluding he sum- j
marlzed the situation as follows:- ; ¦', '
Contention of "Minnesota. ','¦'¦_ '¦ •
The holdera of a large majority of the capl- ; :
tal stock .of two railroad corporations. author- ;.'.
ized to construct and ¦ maintain lines within 1 ';
the limits of the State o£ Minnesota havV or- t.
ganized a corporation in another .State for the j
express purpose of consolidating the railway r.
lines nntl property, of such. comDanies and '•'•
evading and violating- the laws of the State :of • , •
Minnesota which bear directly upon and giyaf
the State and its citizens certain ' riehts and :
privileEes' !n" cohnection ' with the !.- property V '
owned and controlled by the railroads ' thus : ¦"
sought to be consolidated. •¦ ' .. ¦• >¦¦.'¦.
The only , way In which : the State can' reac.h ,
such an evasion of Us laws, and - enforce its
rights is to bring an action in this court agalntt
the instrument cr means by which such con- .
eolidatlcn Is sought to be accomplished. If th«s .
State of Minnesota cannot avail Itself of the
original jurisdiction of this court to , enforce ,'.
Its riirht. It cannot . go Into the , State of ¦ New " '
Jersey and ask the courts of Nthat- State.to enV r
force its rights because the same reasons" urgefl ,.''
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— In the
United States Supreme Court
to-day Attorney. General,
r>ouglass of Minnesota: re-
Discovery Starts Stampede
' Frord Cities, in. British
Columbia.
Hunter's Remarkable Es
cape From Death on
Traders Island.
Miner Strikes Nuggets
on a Claim Near
( Sumas. •
WRANGLING
BY COUNSEL
KILLS TIME
WRECKAGE
FROM SHIP
RED ROCK
SURVIVES FALL
FROM PRECIPICE
SCORES OF MEN
RUSH FOR GOLD
THE SAK FRANCISCQ CALL, TUESDAY, jiKUARYv 28, 1902.
Attorney General Douglass iof- Minnesota Makes an Interesting Argu
ment in Support rbf the Alleged Illegality of the_ Consolidation
of the Northern ;vPa;cific: GompSny; With ; Oher Railroads
BATTLE AGAINST THE MERGER
BEGINS IN THE SUPREME COURT
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tableta. All
aruegiBts refund the money If. it falls to cure
E. "ft. Grove 1 6 signature Is on each box/ 25c. -
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Trial Treatment Free. •
Sufferers should call on Dr. Halpruner
at his office, 28 California street, between
1 and 4 • o'clock every afternoon, except
Saturdays and Sundays. ' ,
All druggists should eell Halpruner's—
If yours refuses to 6upply you the Hal-
pruner Medical Mfg. Co.. 28 California
street, San Francisco, will send you a
large bottle by prepaid expressage on re-
ceipt of J1.00. .
//hlpruner's
Take Halpruner's and you take a new
hold on health — it's always the right
medicine at the right time.
Sore throat means an inflammation in
the tender membranes of the most deli-
cate part of the body — it means that this
is trouble for you unless you drive out
the inflammation at once. If you do
not do this the soreness will spread to
the bronchial tubes— -to the lunsrs — and
then it requires persistent and insistent
treatment to get rid of your trouble.
Halpruner's will drive out the in-
flammation—it is prescribed to cure
sore throat and bronchial troubles-
pain in the chest— hing soreness. It is
a medicine you can depend upon to
cure your pains and aches. It will
keep the entire family well — and it
should be in every home for all the little
troubles that are constantly bothering
members of the household.
The danger signal is surely out, when
you feel the first symptom of a sore
throat or a pain in the chest.
i You can no more afford to pass this
x signal unnoticed than can an engineer
pass the- danger signal thrown across
his track.
SoreThroat,
tvng
Soreness
§§|| THE: GHILDREN- ENJOY i|§
Life out of doors and out of the games which they play and the enjoy- .^v£Cp/>
*2£ ~5:-'%\y - ment which they receive and the efforts which they make, comes the \
W£vp! greater part of that .healthful development which is so essential to their r^iT^
''l/tf&pf .happiness when grown. When a laxative is needed the remedy, which is , '?MtV
£ / v given to them to cleanse and sweeten and strengthen the internal organs / A^®J
if/ on which it acts, should be such as physicians \\ would sanction,- because its /•
if/ component parts are known to be wholesome and the remedy itself free from rv£^L$
iff ev .ery objectionable quality. The one remedy which physicians and parents, /-r^* \
HI * well-informed, approve and recommend and -which the little ones enjoy, JmV??.*
Vj. because of its pleasant flavor, its gentle action and its beneficial effects, is— y*\ % 4/2w
Syrup 6f Figs~-and for the same reason it is the only laxative which should V* Sfff''&
•r^V- 1^ be used by fathers and mothers. ; ' J^z2^yZ^
pSroS ' Syrup of Figs is. the only remedy which acts gently, pleasantly and S?&S
r£33*& naturally without griping, irritating, or nauseating and which cleanses the *^^Z
i&SKi&S ' system effectually, without producing that constipated habit which results
Pf'^rS from the use of the old-time cathartics and modern imitations, and against T SR
)¦! 'Vt'-co! which the children should be so carefully guarded. If you would have them J^S^Lrf^
•:.^ ,/£ grow to manhood and womanhood, strong, healthy and happy, do not give >^O&&' ¦&
; '£*^j$$- them when medicines are not needed, and when nature needs ' O^y^v
C-"'> : -£# assistance in the way of a laxative, give them only the simple, pleasant and r '' Vl> ?
'&&&££* gentle— Syrup of Figs. : \ " """X
' : Ita <l ualit y is due °ot only to. the excellence of the combination of the .-vrCj^ /
''$&?>? \- laxative principles of plants with pleasant aromatic syrups and juices, but
1$ > s , al so to our original method of manufacture. and as you value the health of *%
~k "2*! p ¦'• the little ones, do not accept any.of the substitutes which unscrupulous deal- ' -0*~ \
\ . i*: | ers sometimes offer to increase 'their profits. The g-enuine article may be £*'#> \
\ *& bought anywhere of all reliable druggists at fifty cehts per bottle. Please
>. . • ¦.':':';/'; '"- _. .to .'remember, the^fulL name of the Company— , * j\
.'H>5- A ••S'V/V CALIFORNIA FIG'SYFLUP CO.— is printed on fe~5SJ
" ' ' >' '"V7<V$ A.>T"V.»/V the front of every pack- : -, -.• '£*£% 7<^^f,
¦6\U3^<:^>.''\-> a 8 e ' In order to get its. isCttY '"
ffi£$$$&'i:\ r,V^V-5:\ beneficial effects it is al-' *&««>)& ' J^J \>"'-H& X. ¦
feV\\ W \ 'XS^iV - b -V wavs - necessary to ¦ buy r<^."^^y-VKfe' O^T? 5^
fC*# '' :>^^e^v^? ; . <~< the genuine only ' ¦ • &h' " i} '^%-^i^^^S^ f t ¦KIVERSIDE. Jan. 27.— Antonio Adam, who
recently murdered a fellow Mexican, was to
day sentenced to serve twenty years in San
Quentin by Judge Noyes.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— Justice Brew
er of the Uniteu States Supreme Court
to-day delivered the opinion of the court
in the case of the United States vs. the
Southern Pacific Company, involving
title to land sold by the railroad
company on portions of the companay's
land grant. The court held that the ac
ticn of Congress in 1S26 had the effect of
legalizing all these purchases except * a
purchase of 35,000 acres, which was made
by Judson C. Groves and a foreign corpo-""
ration. . . The remedial act did not apply
to aliens, according- to the court's opinion.
Decides Important Land Case.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Jan. 27.— Last
night and to-day was the coldest experi
enced in this part of the Southwest this
winter, -with the following temperatures
reported: Clinton. Mo., 17 degrees below
zero; Lawrence, Kan., 16 below; Abilene,
17 below; Kansas City, 7 below. At Clin
ton. Mo., the thermometer fell 43 degrees
within twelve hours. Near Jewell. Kan.,
a Missouri Pacific train was ditched to
day by running into a snowbank. No one
but the engineer was injured. To-day the
weather in all parts of the Southwest has
moderated greatly and theyindications are
that the severe cold is at an end.
All over the Lake Superior country
trains were delayed and electric street car
lines were practically out of business. In
Southern Illinois and Indiana there were
reports of ruined fruit crops and of dam
aged wheat. From Michigan came the old
story of a peach crop destroyed.
LOUISVILLE, Ky,, Jan. 27.— Freezing
temperature was reported this morning
as far south as Galveston, Tex. The ef
fects of the cold wave are already appar
ent in the Central South, a decline of 42
degrees occurring here within the past
fifteen hours and a drop of nearly 50 de
grees being reported at Nashville and
Memphis, Tenn. A decline of 45 degrees
is predicted for Atlanta. Ga., to-night.
Louisville was visited by a severe sleet
storm last night, but no damage has re
sulted. , /-;
To-night the wind, which had blown a
half gale all day, died away, although the
temperature was as low as last night. The
coldest temperature of the day was 8 be
low at 2 a. m. To-night it was 4 below
and falling slowly. The most severe, con
ditions to-night existed in the Lake Su
perior region, where the temperature
ranged from 8 below to 12 below and the
wind blew a gale. j
At Houghton. Mich., the storm was de
clared the worst within a generation. The
mercury was 10 below and the. wind blew
thirty miles an hour. At Sault Ste. Marie
for the first time this winter it was found
Impossible to run the ferries across the
Straits of Mackinaw.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— One death has so
far been reported as a result of the cold.
The body of Sarah ScrlRgs, a colored wo
man, was found In bed* In a shed in th«
rear of 1261 West Lake street.
Temperature Ranges From Eight to
Ten Degrees Below Zero and
the 'Wind Blows a • . .
Gale.
Severe Conditions Exist in
the Lake Superior
Region.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— Sheriff Langford
to-day learned that the two men seen
back of Mount Hamilton on Thursday
are not "Brownie" and Goucher. the mur
derers of Policeman Robinson in San
Francisco. It is now believed here that
The men who are wanted escaped to the
southern part of the State, and did not
leave the Sunset Limited train in San
Jose.
Pat Condon, formerly superintendent of
the County Hospital, and now a rancher
back of Mount Hamilton, informed the
Sheriff's office to-day that the two men
who were suspected of being the mur
derers of Robinson camped on the Arroyo
Bayou Friday night. He had met them
and talked with the men. -They told Con
don they were on their way to the San
Joaquin Valley, where they expected to
secure employment with Miller & Lux.
Condon says the smaller man was about
35 years of age, and had a dark mustache
tinged with gray. The other was about 25
years of age, five feet ten or eleven inches
tall and smooth shaven. Both men wore
blue-black suits and carried bundles with
them. This Is just opposite to the de
scription of "Brownie" and Goucher. The
smaller of the men wanted is young and
smooth shaven, while the large one has
a mustache. *
The boy with the cart, who was sup
posed to be with the men, proved to be
Condon's son. He had been delivering
milk to the Lick Observatory and just
happened to be along with the men when
Walter Brown met them.
Not "Brownie" and Goucher.
It Is generally believed that the two
missing murderers have gone south. Cap
tain Seymour is having every station be
tween this. city and New Orleans on the
Sunset route carefully watched. Good de
scriptions of Goucher and "Brownie" have
been scattered broadcast over the country
and the police are certain that they can
not enjoy their liberty much longer. Wade
is rapidly convalescing and by to-morrow
or the next day he will be in condition to
be moved from the City and County
pital to the City Prison.
, Thus far the women have thwarted the
best efforts of Captain Seymour's men.
Their haunts are known to the police, but
since the gang abandoned the Turk street
house, the two women have kept under
cover. • . .
The police are still baffled In their dil
igent search to locate "Kid" Goucher and
"Brownie," wanted for complicity with
Jack Wade, 'alias Daly, alias Henderson,
in the brutal slaying of Policeman Robin
son. Since the murderers left the city
several live clews to their whereabouts
have been developed by the police, but
thus far they have been unable to hunt
the murderers down. Every day the po
lice learn something about the diabolical
methods of the organized gang of thieves
of which Wade, Goucher and "Brownie"
were counted as the most desperate mem
bers. The story of their plot 'to liberate
Gallle and Williams, two of their gang
now confined in the County Jail, which
was published exclusively in yesterday's
Call, was an example of the desperate
methods the organized gang of crooks
would resort to in order to free their
"pals" from the clutches of the police.
netectives Reynolds and Hamill are still
searching for Minnie Randolph and her
friend Ida, who they believe can tell
much that will lead the officers on the
trail of Goucher and "Brownie."
Colored Woman Freezes
to Death in a
Shed.
• — ; — • u i ; . /
Wade, the Injured Footpad,
Soon to Be Moved to
the Prison.
Vain Search for Fugi
tives Goucher and
"Brownie." I
ONE VICTIM
OF THE COLD
IN CHICAGO
MURDERERS ARE
STILL AT LARGE
MANILA,' Jan. 27.— The transport Sheridan
has arrived 'here from ;. San Francisco with
many sick on board, Including thirty cases of
measles. .
I came here, direct from Mr. HarrJman for
the r-urtoae of conferring with President Burt
relative to the plan for improving: the western
portion of the Union Pacinc systean. It Is now
definitely decided that ¦work of an . enormous
extent will be begun at once. The i plan now
finally determined upon Is to make the entire
line from Ogden west to the coast as good as
that part from Omaha to Ogden. To accom
plish this grades and curves will be either
eliminated or reduced and new steel rails and
ties will be laid all the way. '," The most - im
portant feature of the whole project, however,
is that the cutoff from Oeden to Lucln is
finally to be built, extending directly across
the north end of Great Salt Lake. . This has
been too dream of the magnates for many
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 27.— The report that
the Union Pacific system will, spend $20,
000,000 in. improvements west of Ogden,
this year, was officially verified to-day by
Julius, Kruttschhitt, : fourth vice presl-*
dent and general manager, of the South
ern Pacific Railway.* The statement Is
tne first official confirmation' of; the ru
mors and was issued after an all-day
conference with President Burt. Krutt
schnltt said:
Special Dispatch to ' The Call.
. Rising to a question of privilege early
in | the session; Dubois of Idaho had read
an Associated •' Press . dispatch' from Ma
nila ; in: which- General.' Wheaton was
quoted. as criticizing some utterances of
Professor Schurman in a speech delivered
in Boston.. Dubois thought the President,"
in the circumstances, would be warranted
in. reprimanding General Wheaton for his
utterances. He . declared that such com
ment v upon the action of the Senate was
"outrageous and indecent," s and that the
minority had had quite enough of threats
and blackmail.- "
;;. The , debate thus precipitated > took a
wide range. _ • ...
The House, to-day adopted a resolution
calling for documents relating to the old
training ship Vermont, which was placed
out of commission last summer, and also
passed a bill to provide for the compul
sory attendance of witnesses before regis
ters and • receivers . of the general land
office. TraaOmnHM - . -. .
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— An animated
and prolonged : discussion was precipitated
in the ; Senate ' to-day over . the ; right of
army officers to criticize utterances made
in, the Senate or elsewhere on the conduct
of affairs in the Philippines.^ ;
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— The . Senate
Commlttee'on Interoceanic Canals did not
make a report- to-day but decldedto have
hearings, beginning next Mbnday. -.-; The
members of the. Isthmian Commission
and such other witnesses ' as may be de
sired will ', be summoned. .
¦ The . decision to • have , ¦ hearings was
agreed to unanimously, after the whore
situation had been discussed. It was
agreed ; that the legislative .' cbndition: of
the • Senate was such that nothing could
be gained by. presenting a report at -this
time. 'A sub-committee consisting of Sena
tors Morgan, -Foster, Turner, Pritchard
and Kittredge was appointed to prepare a
report on' the legal points involved. in the
offer of : the Panama Canal Company.
Points Involved in Panama
Canal Company's Offer.
Senate Committee to Look Into Legal
ISTHMIAN COMMISSION V
TO BE GIVEN A HEABING
Entire Line From Ogden
West ' to the Coast
to Be Improved. \,;
Thinks General Wheaton
Should Receive a
Reprimand. ' >;
years, but its feasibility has been doubted and
derided. . - Now it* will be done. ¦ Work will
commence at. once.' This cutoff will be just
one hundred miles long, forty-three miles less
than 1 the present route around the . north '¦ end
of the lake. The portion over the lake will be
twenty-three miles long. : Of this twelve miles
In the center is through deep . water, ¦ and per
manent trestllne ¦will : be built the whole dis
tance. The other ten miles at either end. will
be laid upon a dirt embankment filled in with
a rock facing. A great feature of the cutoff
will be that It will avoid the rise of 1400 feet
at the north end of the lake, which Is now en
countered by the roundabout road. This ¦ will
mean .much In the saving , of motive I power.
The dirt embankments to be built in the lake
will be similar in construction to . those . two
famous : moles running out In the bay at . San
Francisco, one a mile long and the other two
miles. ' . --••¦-' : - - - ; - :
DUBOIS OBJECTS
TO THE CRITICISM
The Chrysanthemums ' are going to
make a great success of the ball they
will give next Saturday night at Cotillon
Hall, the proceeds of which will to
support a' free bed in the incurabre ward
of the Children's Hospital. This little
club of Chrysanthemums constantly pays
the expenses of this bed, and now that
the earnest workers are going to give a
ball everybody wants to contribute his
mite by taking tickets, which can be .pro
cured at $1 each at Arthur B. Pierson's
stationery store. 318 Post street. > The
patronesses of the ball will comprise the
officers, of the Children's Hospital, who
are Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs. William
Hardy, Mrs. T. L. Miller, Mrs. Henry
E. Bothln and Mrs/ L. L. Dunbar.
• ? •
The guests at the Cumberland enter
tained their friends Sunday evening.
Thirty-five guests were invited to the
Cumberland to dine, which number, in
addition to the usual number in the
house, constituted a good sized assem
bly. After dinner a musical programme
was enjoyed, several talented people in
the hotel contributing to the entertain
ment. . ¦ • • '
and altogether it was a most entertain
ing and intellectual seance. -
ors' meeting 'was held yesterday and
everything moved along with the snap
and decision which characterize this body
of progressive women. To-day . all . the
sectipns and their guests will be present
and a« bright programme will precede the
reception, it being social day. Professor
DeWitt will give "An Afternoon of Mys
tery." Mrs. A. D. Sharon is chairman of
the day. :
Anna Strunsky delivered a delightful
oratorical essay on Browning, poet; Swin
burne and William . Ernest Henley and
gave her opinion as regards the criticism
of the latter man of letters on hi3 friend,
the late Robert Louis Stevenson, at the
Century Club yesterday. .
Miss Strunsky is young and of Russian
nationality. She possesses remarkable
command of the English language; i. cart
hold an audience interested and content
to listen and make it desire more of her
conclusions. Her method, or better, her
characteristic, is that . she can convince,
and- her treatment' of the subjects • she
adopts is never tiresome. ¦
After the discourse Mrs. Edith -Scott
Bassford rendered a group of tender bal
lads composed by W. J. McCoy, who also
accompanied the vocalist. Mrs, Dorman
read from one of Frank Stockton's stories
TWO WOMEN WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE INTEREST IN THE AR
RANGEMENTS FOR THE BENEFIT TO J3E GIVEN FOR THE CALI
£ FORNIA EYE AND EAR HOSPITAL.
UNION PACIFIC
PLANS CHANGES
At the California Club rooms a direct-
Mrs. J. B. Nuttall gave an informal tea
yesterday at her home on Jackson street,
complimentary to her niece. Miss Nadlne
Nuttall, who is about to leave for Mexico
with her mother. Between seventy-five
and one hundred guests availed them
selves of Mrs. Nuttall's charming hospi
tality, and the afternoon proved a very
pleasant one.
Mrs. William B. Bourn Jr. gave a de
lightful tea at her residence. 2550 Webster
street, yesterday afternoon. Scores of
callers were received, although the affair
was quite Informal. The drawing-rooms
were elaborately decorated with flowers
and the artistic touch of the hostess was
apparent in every detail. An excellent
musical programme was arranged for the
guests, including vocal selections. Dainty
refreshments were served during the aft
ernoon.
MANY prominent members of the
smart set are diligently prepar
ing a big benefit at the Grand
Opera-house for next Thursday
I night, January SO, for the Free
Ward and Clinic of the California Eye and
Ear Hospital. The finest talent is being
engaged and society will be In attendance.
It will be one of the important social
events of the season. Boxes have already
been procured by Mrs. Isaac Hecht. Mrs.
John I. Sabin. Mrs. Redmond Payne and
Mrs. Clarence Mann, and the sale of seats
is rapidly increasing. Tickets may be had
at the Grand Opera-house. Sherman. Clay
& Co.'s and at the hospital, 1007 Sutter
street. They may also be obtained from
the following ladies who comprise. tbe
ticket committee:
Mrs. Willis Dodd, Mrs. Partridge and
Miss Jacks. Also of the following named
ladies at their homes: Mrs. Murphy, 129
Liberty street; Mrs. Sabin, 2828 California
street; Mrs. C. T. Deane, 1217 Washington
street; Mrs. Isaac Hecht. Octavia and
Jackson streets; Mrs. Clarence Mann. 3414
Washington street; Mrs. Arthur Cornwall.
Hotel St. Nicholas; Mrs. J. L. Martel, 2G13
Buchanan street, and Mrs. Redmond
Payne, 2670 Pine street.
Victims of the Disaster.
The killed were:
CYRUS ADAMS, cigar man at the Mur
ray Hill Hotel.
James Carr, 32 years of age, a waiter
employed at the Murray Hill Hotel.
LAWRENCE HEINE. 20 years of age.
of Ansonia. Conn.
J. RODERICK ROBERTSON of Nelson,
B. C, a guest at the Murray Hill Hotel.
RALPH THOMPSON, assistant engi
neer. (All outside reports seem to agree
as to his death, but his body is not re
ported by the police or by the hospitals.)
THOMAS TUBBS. master mechanic for
Contractor Ira A. Shaler.
The list of injured is an exceedingly
long one, but most of those in it have
only cuts caused by flying glass.
Those most seriouslv injured are: Wal
ter Bristol, aged 50. Murray Hill Hotel,
concussion of the brain, St. Vincent's
Hospital: Charles B. Gaines, New York
City, shoulder dislocated and many
bruises; W. K. Nok. 31. New York City,
severe scalp wounds; Mrs. Benjamin B.
Moore, 35. Madison, N. J., Manhattan
Hospital, face and hands cut; Rev. Fath
er Ryan. New Engandl head, face and
arms cut; John Weiss, New York City,
pcalp wounds, concussion of the brain.
Internal injuries: E. N. Ferris. Cleveland,
cut and bruised; E. N. L<ewls, Lima,
Ohio, badly cut: J. L. Gilchrist. Cleve
land, cut; Mr?. Benjamin Moore, Madi
son. N. J.. badly cut.
J. Roderick Robertson of Nelson, B. C.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The reserve sup
ply of high explosives stored at the Park
avenue shaft of the Rapid Transit tun
oel, now In course of construction, blew
up shortly after noon to-day. The giant
blast killed six persons. Injured a hun
dred others and seriously damaged all "the
property reached by the flying debris and
the vibration of the shock.
The irregular square formed by tne
Murray Hill Hotel on the west, the Man
hattan Eye and Ear Hospital and the
Grand Union Hotel on the east and the
Grand Central station on the north was
the scene of the explosion. The buildings
named sustained the greatest damage,
but the area extended for several blocks
In the four directions from the center.
Buildings in Wide Area Damaged, the
Most Seriously Being the Murray
. Hill Hotel, Which May Be
• Condemned.
3-iant Blast Kills Six Persons
and Causes Injury to a
Hundred Others.
There was a clash in court this after
noon between District Attorney Jerome
and Coroner Golddenkranz, resulting ir
the former being struck in the face by a
clerk. Jerome was in the office examin
ing Shaler, Bracken and McGrath, the
men under arrest, when a policeman as
signed to the Coroner's' office entered
and under the Coroner's Instructions de
manded that the prisoners appear before
that official. Jerome allowed them to go,
but he and his assistants followed. In
spite of protests the Coroner gave' the
case to the jurymen, who returned a ver
dict recommending the discharge of the
prisoners. The Coroner then opened
court as a sitting magistrate, had the
men rearrested and held them without
bail. ' More protests came from Jerome,
and the Coroner changed his decision
holding the men in $10,000 each.
AH this had worked up the feelings of
everybody to such an extent that there
was a free fight. Jerome received a blow
in the face from the Coroner's clerk, wtio
in turn was beaten by two of the Dis
trict Attorney's detectives. Then the
detectives and the clerk* had each other
arrested, but soon better counsel, pre
vailed and all charges were withdrawn
for the present.
Moses Eppes, a powder man in charge
of the shanty where the explosion oc
curred, Is at the Flower Hospital suffer
ing from contusions and shock. He says
that on going to the shanty about m»oa
he found a candle, which he had left
lighted on a shelf, lying on the floor and
some paper which was about it was on
Ore. Close to this burning pape'r were
thirteen boxes of dynamite cartridges,
each box containing from sixty to sev
enty-five cartridges. Eppes threw a pail
of water over the floor and ran to get
another one. On coming back he saw
that the flames were close to the dvna
mite, and, dropping his pail, he tried to
get away. Then came the explosion, and
the next he knew he was a patient in
the hospital. To-night Eppes was prac
tically a prisoner, a policeman having
been assigned to guard him.
The damage may exceed $1,000,000. The
first estimate of the damage to the Mur
ray Hill Hotel placed the loss at $100,000,
but later the hotel was abandoned as un
safe. If the building is condemned the
loss on it alone will approximate $1,000,
000. The damage to the Grand Union was
estimated at $40,000, and that to the Man
hattan Hospital at $25,000. The loss at the
Grand Central station was entirely In
glass, as was that of the hundred or more
buildings affected by the explosion. No
estimate was made of the losses sus
tained by the Rapid Transit contractors.
W. Barclay Parsons, chief engineer of
the Rapid Transit Commission,, said
that Shaler was one of the most compe
tent and careful engineers he ever knew.
District Attorney Jerome visited the
scene and made an investigation to guide
him in the official inquiry and possible
criminal prosecution that will follow. .
Ira A. Shaler, engineer-in-chief in charge
of the work at Park avenue; John Brack
en, a foreman, and Martin McGrath, an
assistant foreman, were placed under ar
rest, charged with homicide.
The sunken approach to the street rail
way tunnel used by the Madison-avenue
lines cuts through Park avenue and the
shaft of the Rapid Transit subway was
run down beside it at the intersection of
East Forty-first street. The street rail
way approach was housed over with a
superstructure used for the operating
plant of the Rapid Transit contractors.
Temporary buildings for storage pur
poses were thrown up against the super
structure at the mouth of the shaft, and
there the explosion occurred. It tore a
great gorge In the street, demolished the
temporary buildings and part of the su
perstructure and sent a mass of earth,
splintered timber and twisted iron hign,
in the air. Much of it went battering
against the front of the Murray Hill Ho
tel, and although the walls and main
structure of that building stood the shock
nearly every room in the front of the
house was wrecked.
Where tlie Explosion Occurred.
was killed by debris hurled with the force
of artillery into his room at the Murray
Hill Hotel. He was general manager In
Canada for the British Columbia Gold
Fields Company. Ltd., and a prominent
citizen in the community where he lived.
He was a Scotchman and leaves a widow
and f our . children.
— - •-•¦v ¦
SEATTLE, Jan. 27.^-The • Great North
ern Railroad will tunnel' under Seattle in
order to improve . Us facilities for enter
ing its terminal .in thy southern part of
the city. The plans "contemplate the
construction of an. entire new main line
of track from a point on the' present main
line on the Snohorriish Oliver above Ev
erett, to approach Seattle from around
the northtvest corner of Lake Washing
ton, leaving the shores of Lake Wash
ing-ton at a point east of the Madison
street ferry landing. Thence the new
road will proceed in a southwesterly di
rection through the deep feulch which Is
crossed by Madison street, finally enter
ing a tunnel in the neighborhood of
Twenty-fifth avenue and East Union
street. The other end of the, tunnel will
be in the vicinity of the Hill brictcyard in
Rainier Valley. "Across the valley the
road will proceed on the present ground
level, and, entering a second tunnel un
der Beacon Hill, will emerge on the tide
flats at a point but a short distance south
of the site which has been agreed upon
for the Union passenger station. !
No detailed estimates of the expense ~ot
the construction of the proposed improve
ments are at hand, but the tunnels will
aggregate nearly two miles in length and
will cost upward of $1,000,000. The other
improvements will cost $530,000 more, ex
clusive of the cost of the necessary right
of way.
Special Dispatch; to The Call.
Underground Lines to Aggre
gate Nearly Two Miles
in Length.
in Rapid' Transit
Tunnel
Terrific Explosion Occurs
Great Northern Road
Will Tunnel to Its
Terminal.
LEAVES PATH
OF DEATH AND
DESTRUCTION
TRUMS TO RUN
UNDER SEATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALiL, TUESDAY^ JANUARY 28, 1902.
Will Give an Entertainment to Kaise hunds for Ear Ward and
, Clinic ' of California Eye and Ear Hospital— Ghrysantherriums
to Give a Dance to Support Bed in Children's Hospital
SOCIETY WOMEN PLAN BENEFIT
AND BALL FOR SWEET CHARITY
3
It is hard for a lovely woman to forego
the pleasures of the ltfe which she was
created to enjoy and adorn. She may
have to be busy all day in office or in
store, yet she cannot deny herself the
social pleasures which are offered her.
eg But the fatigue is
CTf*^* often too great for
*u« Sy her, and she suf-
V^»^j} fers from headache
±/^S-f *od backache as a
{/ —[ consequence of
>/- /¦ \l/l \ /^ over-exertion.
h *J~~^* Women who are
I ~m&f^ C t i Jie< i anc^ worn out
0^£2Kl*»^/ Trill find a perfect
U^^\ tonic and nervine
M^isis^ \ vo " te Prescription.
J&»/Lc3B25j!!?k') It cures headache,
J8BfJBji§|j ill backache and the
)fitesS&&*JO other- aches and
C^M§;vS*iiT women are subject.
mi wS«E?vif ening drains, heals
Eti\G£\f?l$i fcfcj inflammation and
y£k \fe \<0h \ cures female weak-
ness. It makes weak
women strong and
%^J«P* fe?Nj~3 sick women well.
"I «ia so pleased
hardly know what
(jS&w f". 'iF*^^ thnnks to give you for
your kind favors,"
writes &lrs Milo Bry-
ant, of Lota. Thomas
iG^^^ Co., Oa. "I suffered
g,, x&tich with great
e&las In ray back and the lower part of my
Stomach and palpitation of the heart, that at
times I 'could hardly lie down. Could hardly
get tip in the morning, but after using three
bottles of * Favorite Prescription ' and two viaU
ef Dr. Pierce'* Pleasant Pellets, I am like a new
woman."
Sick -women, especially those suffering
from diseases of long standing, are in-
vited to consult Dr. Pierce, by letter,./r« | .
All correspondence is held as strictly pri-
vate and sacredly confidential. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
T b • *T>r. :§fi \Sfc. A I a e n Electric
Belt" (with "3{5.,3fc • b • p . n eorr) to
guaranteed ¦-¦<-*- to pouess all tb.
curative properties ©I the expensive belts
now eold by doctors and druggists. It jlve»
a very ctrong current oil electricity and Is
easily rezulated. Bound to eupersed»
otbera. Can be had from the undersigned
enly; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular tree. Call 1c vddres* PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 20« Po*» «t.. San Francisco, or
1U5 Broadway. New York.
¦ hi i an T, _ Bis Ob* non-pol«onowi
— T-OilrBHti> IT 1 "*t tor Gonorrhoea.
i m ri*®S Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/Rr>j CuEES >PJ Whites, unnatural <Jii-
fiKfiSTln 1 to 6 dirt. HA charge*, or any inflnniafc-
bST Cmuc«4u * tion, irritation or ulcera-
«£[\ C.hC.KKUI.0 .K*g or sen* in plain wrapper,
y&&k^ V -*- A 'jJa8r h T express, prepaid, for
<&i§iib» M cS?vi t'-OH. oV 3 bottle.. 12.75.
vC^^yy Circular sent on regueet.
l2- HALL'S EEINYiaORATOR^^
fctoi» all loses in 24 hours. Five aSsJ 1 *-!^
lr. irhed reward lor any case we 'Sim b2S
t^innut cure. Tliis secret remedy H E
cures Emissions. Iropotency, >*5 ! 5I E3t
Yerkocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, 'JFfl Pffl
f-Ir.ctureE. Drains, Lost Man- iiilf UUli
hood and all other wasting ef- tSSL—StS,
Jects of self -abuse or excesses. ESuESHhB
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. *5; guaranteed
ta cure any case. Cali or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE K55 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for Bale at 1073%
Korfcet £t.. S. F. Send fcr free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOLXD USE DAMIAN'A BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
me PPfce of PEe§se*e.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mellow •
The commingling of purity,
age and flavor makes
K Hunter
ItewiRKff Baltiinore
jffiaffiffi^yfev America's
f^^^^^Wi Best wh i ske X
M^JjJfeJfJjCy^ It is particularly •
The First Sought
TheFuSBoagfat
CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO..
Inc.. 223-225 California St.. San
. .' « i c ' Francisco, Cal.
Telephone Main S73.
Our $10.00 made=
to=order suits
I have a dash and style to them even if the price is
I 'ow. They fit like high-priced garments. The pants
I hang right, the vest fits snugly and the coat sets
I well around the shoulders and hangs properly in
the back. The fit is as good as you could wish for
and the material is certainly worth the price. Of |
course it does not compare equally with goods
worth $ i^.oo or y sq, but nevertheless it is good
wearing, neat appearing cloth that will fully prove
its good qualities in the wear.
We would like to show you samples of these goods — we
ire perfectly .willing to stand by your judgment of the cloth.
As ( a v guarantee of the making ycu have the privilege .of
''moneyrback" if displeased.
Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing tiffed— satisfactory G
assured through our self-measuring system — write for samples.
718 Market St. and
Cop. Powell & Eddy StreetsMrs. Mary Seavier of 13S McAllister
street died at St. Luke's Hospital yester
day from injuries received last Saturday
night. While crossing the intersection of
Golden Gate avenue and Taylor street she
was run into and knocked down by a de
livery wagon of Lebenbaum & Co. She
was taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital and afterward removed to St.
Luke's.
Her Injuries Prove Fatal.
Some opposition developed against
jrranting a permit for an amateur exhibi
tion to the Yosemite Club, and Corbett
¦withdrew the application.
The resolution granting the Bay City
Athletic Club permission to hold an ama
teur boxing exhibition on January 28 was
adopted, with the understanding that the
club join the Pacific Athletic Association.
James Neil, president of the Pacific
Coast Athletic Club, had filed a protest
against the granting of a permit to the
Yosexnlte Club for February, on the
ground that it does not comply with, the
ordinance, inasmuch as it has no gymna
sium or membership. Xeil claims that Jiig
club filed an application first, and under
the constitution he is entitled to the per
mit. The protest was read, but the per
mit was granted to the Yosemite Club,
there being fifteen votes in its favor. It
Is provided that the permit may be re
voked if the contest shows evidence of
collusion or fraud.
. Wjron argued in favor of permitting the
representatives of all three clubs to be
heard. . ¦
Curtis deplored the fact that he is a
member of the Police Committee; because
he could eee trouble ahead. Curtis eaid
the prize-fight question was too small a
matter to take up the time of the full
board, and held that the decision as to
which club should be. granted a permit
ought to be left to the committee. . Curtis
t>aid he would vote against giving a per
mit to any club with which Kennedy was
connected, and he had been assured by.
Harry- Corbett that Kennedy was not in
terested in the Yofemite. A motion to
give all parties interested a hearing was
lort.
Eggers made a plea for Harry Corbett.
president of the club. and.. said he was
rare an honest exhibition would be given.
Connor stated that opposition to the
Yosemite Club had ?>een engendered be
cause of the supposed connection with it
of Jim Kennedy, an Eastern fight pro
moter. Connor assured the board that
Kennedy was not connected with the club.
D'Ancona desired to know the reason
why preference was given to the Yo-
Kemlte Club. Chairman Boxton of the Po
lice Committee explained that the Na
tional, Pacific Coast and Yosemite Clubs
had applied for permits In February and
the claims of each had been considered.
Boxton said the committee had acted in
all fairness and that no partiality was in
tended. The Yosemite Club had depos
ited its license tax of $1200 with the Tax
Collector »nd the other clubs had not
done so. Boxton held therefore that the
clab named should get the permit. '
The resolution granting the Yosemlte
dub permission to hold a professional
boxing exhibition in February was adopt
ed by the Board of Supervisors yesterday,
but only after a long discussion was had
over the claims of rival clubs to have the
February privileges
Bar M Jim" KenneBy From
Handlin g Future Fistic." V •
Encounters.--:
, I, |. I, |, " . _ ,.. « >\ "
Supervisors Hear Claims,
of Riv?Ll Fight Prc- ; i
moters.-' ¦ v '
YOSEMITE CLUB
GETS A PERMIT
Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth; selling;
four-year-olds and upward.
(3137)Senator MattslO6 3135 "Wolhurst .V..10G
.3186 The Gaffer... 101 31S5 Rim Rock 10+
31U0 Picador lOt 31 B8 Urchin 106
3100 Bathos 109 (3155)inioa 104
315.1 Expedient ...100 3100 Lavator 100
3195 Morlnel 104 •
- Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth; the
Palo Alto handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward. \
31M Greyfeld ' 102 3200 Janice 105
3176 All Green 12U 3105 Mission 05
Second race — Three and. a half' furlongs;
purse; maiden two-year-olds.
3199 Dotterel 105 3163 Past Waster.. 108
Yng. Marlow.110 31«3 Len Reno.... 100
3187 J. McGowan..l05 313C Arabo ...103
Gold Van.... 113 J. H. Bennettll.1
3163 Honitoa 103 3187 Ml Ilelna 105
Third race — Six and a half furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds.
<3136)Prestano 100 [ 313S Rubus 105
(3157)Shell Mount.. 106) 31S0 Huachuca ...10S
Wise is the man who assists hla wif«
in cleaning house by remaining down
town until it Is finished.
• First race — Satchel. Yrsula. Lass of Lansdoa
Second race— Arabo. Jennie McGowan, Hoa
iton.
Third race— Shell Mount, Prevtano, Hu»
chucau ¦
Fourth race — All Gre«n. Janice. Greyfeld.
FHth race — Wolhurst, Lavator. Bathos.
Sixth race— Sweet Tooth, Sea Queen, Th»
Pride. • '""''•¦-;"
Selections for To-Day.
old^and™ Varo* mm " i ta * r ™
3200 The Pride.... 107 <3193)Matt Hosan..im
-J2* £weet Tooth.. «0 3134 Sea. Queen 10J
.51iA?f U3to 105 »1** Kedwald 10:
.¦SwSSitrr-ig 3110Ori «« «
GILROT, Jan. 27.— Dr. J. C. Clark \was ; ac
cidentally,-shot ' In the head i and „. arm '.while
hunting with . a party . of ; surveyors L yesterday.
The wounds-are riot seriour . ' -;:.._ -» .
: PORTLAND,^ Or.;/ Jan. 27.— In an indoor
contestat the Miiltnoman 4 Club^this.even
ing H."W.' Kerrigan broke the' American
reccrd.for the. running high. dive, clear
ing the bar at 6 feet and seven-eightha of
an = inchJ 'j*^z^jjjs|2ss«s .
Breaks High-Dive Record.
•Mary Slever, who was knocked down
by a horse driven by Leon Oppenheim
aged 14 years, at Turk and Taylor streets
Saturday morning. died« in the ' Receiving
Hospital yesterday afternoon . from the
result of her ¦ injuries. As soon as " her
death was reported to Police Officer Clark
he arrested Oppenheim and charged him
with manslaughter ?
Dies of Her Injuries .
And the" great Clothing Sale will make
its ' bow to the public." You ., have .waited
this long; might as well wait these' two
days. : If you must go' to a party to-night
wear your old suit, but wait— wait . for the
sale Thursday." Everybody Is working hard
to get the Stock ready for the sale. \ No one :
goes idle; lii .'the Lyceum, where men's
all-wool suits, the latest patterns,* best of
workmanship, • stylish :> tailor-made . suits
worth. $20, will be sold- on Thursday for
$4.85. . The public will ¦ be . the friends of !
the Lyceum ; Clothing • Sale at 915 Market
street,. opposite Mason.;. r • . • ¦•
Only Two Days More
;.;A. Fodera, a 5 poultry dealer, was fined
$23 by Judge *Cabanlss. yesterday for vio
lating 1 the bag limit on quail. H."M.,Zam
belli, who received a box marked "eggs."
In which -were found eighteen dozen quail,
was fined a like amount' by Judge Con
lan. : Deputy LJ N. ;Kercheval : arrested J.
I. . Azebido yesterday for receiving a box
marked "butter,'.' in which' were six dozen
quail and eight rabbits.' ; E. - Li. Foster, a
driver " for : Ci Norman & Co.. -was ar
rested for . receiving a trunk which con
tained seventeen dozen quail.
Fish. Commissioners Active.
Racing Results at Hew Orleans
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 27.— Crescent City
summary: .
First race, six furl6ngs.' selling — Horseshoe
Tobacco won, Haidee second, Masterful third.
Time. 1:15%: , -
Second race, . i one mile, selling — Henry of
Franstamar won, PMrate's Queen second. Ante
Up third. Time, 1:42 Vi. . . '
Third race, steeplechase handicap, short
course — Old Fox won. Cantadas second, Harvey
B third, i Time.- 3:06%.
Fourth race, handicap, six and a half fur
longs—Colma won. Maggie Davis second, Andes
third. -Time, 1:23}£.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards— Death
won. Handlcapper second. Intrusive third.
Time. 1:451,4. • . . - .
Sixth -race, one mile — Lady Alberta won.
Trentham second. Josle F. third.' Time, 1 :46.
Stevens' : room was located by the de
tectives yesterday. . He lived at 103U
Ellis street. ' The valise full of. clothing*
pictures and other ¦- personal ¦'• belonging's
which Stevens took from his gymnasium
In the basement of Mrs.' Darling's flat,
was found there. The police are abso
lutely: convinced ' that ',. Stevens is the
man who took the "money and jewels and
as he is well -. known throughout the
country they believe they ; will have him
In custody , before long. :
-The. warrants for the. arrest of Ste
vens, who is now supposed to be on his
way East, were issued by Judge Conlan.
Detective Ryan, who was. detailed on the
case, ascertained yesterday that Stevens
and his partner Sanchez are well known
crooks. Stevens is said to be '.wanted in
New York to answer for several crimes.
Mrs. Elizabeth Darling,, the woman
who was robbed, of. several thousand dol
lars' worth 'of jewelry and- 5345 in -coin
while she was 'absent from her home, 913
Eddy street, .last Friday night, visited
the Hall of Justice yesterday and sworo
to two complaints charging John Ste
vens, physical culture instructor, with
grand . larceny and felony embezzlement.
IJooted Mrs. Darling's Apart
,- v '..-•• . ments.
Police Hot on Trail of Men. Wbo
WABRANTS ABE ISSUED j
" FOR" STEVENS' X - ABREST
. Last evening he victimized a 13-year-old
newsboy," Leonard Splnnetti, out of 45
cents, by similar methods. Shortly after
ward the boy saw him on Montgomery
avenue . and, summoning Officer Walsr
had him arrested. After: being taken to
the City Prison Brooks tearfully con
fessed his guilt. •
In his pocket was found a marriage cer
tificate showing that he was wedded to
Miss 'Lizzie .Finnie on November 8 1901
Attached to the certificate was a photo
graph of his wife. • ¦¦ • : ¦¦:•-..¦ ¦;».,
"For God's sake, don't -tell my wife I
am in prison;" he tearfully pleaded with
the arresting' officer. "If she hears of
my disgrace I know she will commit sui
cide. ¦ . • .
• . In some way Mrs. Brooks learned of
her husband's disgrace and she lost no
tlmein seeing him. As she caught sight
of him as he. was led from his cell she
ran and threw her arms around him and
in a voice filled with emotion begged him
to tell her why. he had been arrested
Brooks amid sobs tried to explain and
asked her forgiveness.' >
As the prlsonkeeper was afraid Mrs
Brooks would collapse he induced the
grief-stricken woman to leave the prison
The case against her husband will be
heard this morning.
Frank Brooks, a well-dressed young
man, was arrested last evening by Po
lice Officer Walsh for victimizing a num
ber, of newsboys out of small sums ot
money. The scheme was to accost the
prospective victim arid after buying a
paper from him would ask him If he
could change a dollar. If the Boy had
the necessary change Brooks would take
it and without handing him the dollar he
would send. him. to some, house in : the
immediate vicinity with some imaginary
message, after promising to handsomely
reward him for the trouble.
waiting; to demand the dollar which
rightfully belonged to him the unsuspect
ing youth would rush off with the bogus
message, only to find that he had been
duped. On his return to the spot where
he^had left Brooks he would of course
find him gone.
LONDON, Jan. 27.-Jim Williams of
London at the National Sporting Club to
night defeated Peddlar Palmer in two
rounds for the bantam-weight champion
ship of England. . ;
Peddlar Palmer. Loses :to v "Williams.
The tournament now on at the Central
Bowling Alley, Fourth and Market streets,
Is attracting attention. Two teams played
last night. Following are the scores:
Echoes— . 1st. 2d. 3d.
Lee :...:. . 129 1^9 , 131
Allenberg ;..... .14S . .". ...
Harris, substitute .......... ... 141' 131
Lux .. .............180 161 1««
Egbert 129 147 . 144
Pike 134 153 1U 9
Totals i...... ....720 741. 741
Games-^ — — '
Nationals— . . '1st. 2d. 3d.
Muller 1C3 157 15G
Du Py •¦ 151 139 112
Raubinger 146 141 140
Patterson ......... .107 79 .00
Franks .'. 146' 114 104
Totals .......¦.'......."... 713 636 602
Bowling Tournament.
Arrest of Young Bene
dick for Robbing"
Newsboys.
CHICAGO. Jan. 27.— Rube Ferns, the
former welter-weight champion, won a
decision over Tim Murphy of Australia
at the American Athletic Club to-night.
The fight was a disappointment, both
men being unusually wild in their deliv
ery. Murphy appeared to be afraid of
Ferns and the latter was compelled to
chase the Australian all over the ring to
land a telling blow. Even when Murphy
did stand up and fight Ferns was unable
to do much damage, as his blows were
principally wild swings, which Invariably
encircled Murphy's neck. Murphy landed
but one effective blow during the entire
six rounds.
Rube Ferns Gets the Decision.
FROM THE ALTAR
TO PRISON CELL
sir Thomas, accompanied by his daugh
ters, took a drive yesterday afternoon
through Golden Gate Park, and in the
evening took in the sights of Chinatown.
He has engaged accommodations on the
Sierra for the return trip to Australia.
e-I-H-M'I-K-H': I li.H I i i M.. H . e
much of his time to contributing scientific
articles to medical Journals. When he
first went to South Africa In connection
with the Boer war he was requested to
deliver a series of lectures to the young
surgeons of the British army in refer
ence to the care of the wounded.
Sir Thomas Fitzgerald is senior surgeon
of • the Melbourne Hospital and devotes
In epeaking of the Boer war yesterday.
Sir Thomas said that the worst
enemy the British soldier had to
fight against in South Africa was dis
ease. He says that fever is very common
among the soldiers, owing to bad water.
The hospitals are modern and well con
ducted, but there is a larger percentage of
men dying every day through racking
fever than from bullets received in en
gagements. There are. as Sir Thomas
termed it. "base hospitals") maintained at
Newcastle, Ladysmlth and Escourt. All
these institutions are crowded. The emi
nent surgeon says that the Boers use
the Mauser rifle and that in some in
stances he noticed that the Boers filed a'
sharp and yet jagged edge to the end of
their bullets, which made the wound, of
any person shot with, this missile hard to
cure. ...
Sir Thomas Fitzgerald is a genial old
gentleman, who has worked his way up
to the top notch of his profession through
his own perseverance and s*tudy. He 13
an Irishman; born and educated in Dub
lin. He passed all examinations before
he was 20. but under the law had to wait
until he was 21 before he could practice.
As soon as he received his degree he left
Ireland for Australia and fought his. way
through life unassisted.
SIR THOMAS NAGHTEN FITZ
GERALD. C. B., of Melbourne,
Australia,- one of the great medi
cal men of the present time, is
at the Palace. He arrived here
from Australia on the Sierra, accompa
nied by his daughters. He will spend
about nine days in San Francisco and will
then return to his home. He came, be
lieving that a sea voyage across the Pa
cific Ocean would be of much benefit to
his health.
- Sir Thomas Fitzgerald was knighted by
the late Queen Victoria in 1S97 in recog
nition of his splendid labors for the
advancement of medical science. A
striking instance of the regard with
which Sir Thomas Is held in England is
shown by the fact that upon order of the
late Queen Victoria he was appointed
consulting surgeon by the. British War
Office l In the Boer war after Sir William
MacCormac and Sir Frederick Treves,
sergeant surgeon to the then Prince of
Wales, had been called home. Sir Thomas
looks upon this as a great honor, as he
was the only colonial surgeon appointed
to the office. *
Scott Leary, the club's champion swim
mer, will leave to-night for Chicago,
where he will represent the winged "O"
in 'the amateur championship races to be
held in the Coliseum between February 3
and 22. , ¦- .
Fancy club swlnKinir. Otto Rltter; comedy
acrobats, >.canrlo brothers; wrestling, Charles
Jenkins and George Hensley, Louis Kullman
and Ed K. Murphy; Roman rings. . George
Schllttcr and O. Ritter; broadsword combat.
Professor Louis Tronchet and E. Ortion; fancy
bag punching. Charles Carroll,- son of the ex
lightweight champion of the world; boxing,
Joseph Lundy and James Pallas, Louis Rich
ards and Joseph Collins; dueling with rapiers.
Professor Tronchet and E. Ortion; double
slack wire. Garcia brothers;, gymnastics, the
great Dubbell, now at the Chutes.
It will be "ladies' , night" at the
Olympic Club to-morrow evening. The
fair s ix will be entertained in royal
fashio;* by the club. The programme to
be rendered in the gymnasium is of high
order. The clubhouse will • be thrown
open to the ladies and the members will
act as hosts. The entertainment will be
under the direction of John A. Hammer
smith, leader of the club. President Har
rison and other officers of the club will
act as a reception committee. Among the
numbers on the programme are the fol
lowing:
Athletic Programme of High
Order.
Fair Sex to Be Entertained With an
FAMOUS AUSTRALIAN SURGEON WHO SERVED IN SOUTH AFRICA,
AND WHO WAS KNIGHTED BY THE LATE QUEEN VICTORIA FOR
HIS LABORS IN ADVANCING THE SCIENCE OF MEDICINE.
0I/ST5IPIC CliUB WILL
• HOLD A "LADIES' NIGHT"
Jake Holtman handled the "field yester
day, and as, usual his starts were prompt
and almost flawless.
After two weeks of splendid work with
the starting gate "Dick" Dwyer, accom
panied by his wife, will leave to-day for
a short trip through the southern por
tion of the State. ¦• I •¦¦- •
-Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:, •, ' 1- - . ¦•¦ -• < ' r -
l : First race — Elve furlongs; purse; three-year
old fillies. •
3170 Knockings ..112 3101 Cathello 112
22U7 Lass.of Lang.ll'J 3191 Satchel .. 112
3174 Mont. Peeressll2 3174 Esternell 112
¦ 3179 Yrsula ......107 3170 Meteoro 107
3170 Sterl. Towers.107 3101 Torila 112
Track Notes.
This evening the Bay City Athletic
Club will hold its regular monthly boxing
exhibiton in the Mechanics' Pavilion An
nex. The following excellent card will
be presented : . Jack Crow vs. Billy
O'Brien. 105 pounds; Tommy Snailham vs.
Al Crawford, 118 pounds; John Smelter
vs. Joe Regan, '125 pounds; Barney Diis
coll vs. Monte Attell. 105 pounds: Jack
McCormack vs. Dan Sullivan, IIS pounds;
Fred Landers . vs. Charles Royal,. 122
pounds; Frank George, vs. Ed. Tomalty.
Joe Hill and Jack McF&dden will appear
in the main event.
Billy Lavigne, matchmaker of the Acme
Athletic Club, last night signed Toby
Irwin and Jimmy Britt to battle before
his club on the. evening of February IS.
This will be. Britt's debut into the profes
sional ranks. He now holds the anfateur
championship of the coast, and his ad
mirers expect great things of him. The
lads will battle for a $500 side bet. *:
Phil Wand, the popular referee, will
officiate in the ring on the night of the
contest.
Alec Greggains, manager of Gardner,
claims that George is in splendid shape.
He says his man is strong and is as fast,
if not faster, than ...ever before. . Lou
Houseman, the Chicago newspaper man,
who -is out* here in. the interest of Root,
claims that the ringgoers of this, city
never had an opportunity of seeing Jack
at his best. Houseman claims that when
Root fought Carter he, was stale; that
Root will enter the ring in splendid con
dition and will open the eyes of the spec
tators and close those of Gardner.
George Gardner and Jack Root, the two
middleweight boxers, who will contest
for the championship in Mechanics' Pa
vilion next Friday evening, let up in their
work yesterday. "From now until Jhe eve
of the fight they will do light work in
order to keep on edge. The men will
enter the ring. weighing In the neighbor
hood of 162 pounds. They are to in
a,t Corbett's at 3 o'clock in the afternoon
of the contest. •
Turns Professional.
Koot and Gardner in Condition — Britt
FIGHTERS EASE UP.
In the preliminary, between Tom Daly
of Texas and, George Parris of Los An
geles. Daly won in the second round on
a foul.
A challenge from Rufe Turner of Stock
ton to fight the winner was read at the
ringside.
.While the fight was looked upon as one
that would raise the winner' in the esti
mation of the sporting public, it is the
idea of many that Hegarty's success to
night will not be njuch of a feather in hi3
cap, as he came "touted" as a world
beater and was believed to be able to put
Heriera away in quick order. The fight
gave general satisfaction owing to itis
cleanness and the cleverness displayed by
both men. Herrera, who had gone back
considerably in the estimation ot his
former admirers in this city since his de
feat at the hands of Terry . McGovern,
made up for lost ground to-night and was
heartily cheered for his success in hold
ing off the fighter from across the water.
Each man appeared to be a little back
ward in accepting a punch at the hands of
the other, and rrom the appearance of
both after the, fight few telling blows were
landed. - ¦ • •, •
.When. 'the' men 'Stepped into ttie ring
Herrera looked to be the heavier by at
least ten pounds;, owing ' to Hegarty's
iight underpinning, but both men tipped
the scales close to the 12S-pound tlguro.
From the first stroke of the gong Herrera
made a waiting fight. Hegarty. led. again
and again witnout avail, while Herreia
seemed to be. sizing up his man. After lie
got a line on the Australian he did. some
mixing which set the large audience pres
ent into an uproar, but Hegarty showed
his ring generalship and nicely pulled
himself out of tight corners. . - - -
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 27.— In the twen
ty-round contest at the Scribner'Opera
house' here to-night Tim Hegarty, the
Australian boxer, gained a decision over
Aurelio Herrera. "Jack" Welsh refereed
the bout; and' while many were of tha
opinion that there wa3 riot much to choose
from between the two men the decision
was just. From the first up to, the tenta
round Hegarty did ell the leading. . and
although Herrera blocked most of the
blows Hegarty's confidence was in his
favor. In . the eleventh round . Herreru.
tried hard to make up for lost ground and
did . some vicious^ in-flghting. j Hegarty
proved to be his equai at this game, how
ever, and honors were easy.
Ssecial Dispatch to The Call.
Few Hard Blows Are Landed
and Neither Man 19 ;
Damaged.
Dr. Boyle, a 15 to 1 shot, with Mounce
up. captured the closing sprint in a head
finish with Quadra. It. was not generally
supposed '.the Doctor possessed tne
requisite amount of class, and he went
out and led from the start. Dangerous
Maid, the 1 to 3 favorite, backed up in
the stretch, even losing the show to Cen
sor. ;
Bookmaker Caesar Young's Meehanus
was clearly outsprinted -by Duckoy .in
the six- furlong selling number. The lat
ter's odds were backed down to 1 to 2,
and led almost from the start. Meehanus
took some hard riding to beat Captivate
,for the place.
Jackson repeated his first success with
Orfeo in the two year old dash at three
and a half furlongs, earning a nose deci
'sion from Ora Viva, ridden by Tommy
Burns. The winner closed equal favor
ite with Hudson, and had the' best racing
luck throughout, never meeting with any
interference. O'Connor on Hudson was
cut off just after the start, then finishing
a good third.
Bragg, with Roscoe Troxler in the sad
dle, left Vasallo, Quiet and all the short
priced ones behind him in the third
event, a seven furlong selling affair.
Vasallo, the favorite, was looked upon
In the light of a certainty, still had to
be hard ridden to get the show. Tyranus,
piloted by O'Connor, took place honors.
Plunger Lewis sent a good-sized com
mission into the ring on Rey Dare, and
saw MacGyle win easily. Rey Dare
led until well into the straight for home,
where MacGyle, backed down to favorit
ism,- took the lead,- scoring by two
lengths in 1:43'A Old Joe Ripley was
third.
* 'COMPAR ATIVELY unknown
' A\ Quantity when he arrived, scarce 5
/A\ ly a day passes by that Lee Jack
1j\ son, the parchment faced young
man from Texas, does not land
two or three winners at Oakland. 'When
he first donned the colors Jackson's fea
tures were seamed and? furrowed and
many were willing to wager that he had
won the first Egyptian Derby for old Ra
meses. While just past f6, Lee is far
from^being a Mexican War veteran and
California ozone is working wonders with
his complexion." for he already looks sev
eral years younger. At first Jackson was
taken for a "bush rider" by some of the
more fashionable jockeys, but his many
excellent rides have earned for him a.
world of respect. Yesterday he reachea
the wire first . with. Ingo, a 7 to 1 shot;
was awarded a nose decision on Orfeo,
and turned up an easy winner with Mac-
Gyle. - - v
This Texas lad's saddle work was the
feature of an otherwise oruinary uay s
sport. In which three favorites won ana
three were defeated. The track still
slow, as the time for the different events
indicates. Milder weather attracted a
much larger crowd than has been cross
ing the bay.*. ¦
Twelve started in the opening six and
a half furlong run, with O'Connor's
mount, Light Ball, the favorite. The lat
ter was away from the post poorly and
showing a^bronounced tendency to bear
in toward the rail all the way, .finally
finished third. Lee Jackson on the 8 to 1
shot, Ingo.took the lead into the stretch,
winning easily from El Mido, a 23 to 1
shot. .
THE^ CALL'S^-MCING. FORM CHARt;
3203. FIRST RACE — Six and a halt turlong3; selling; 3-year-olda and up; to first. $323.
j T~ I - - . - '• ~ ~ : ¦• J .• ¦ . i ' ! I Betting..'.
In ! » :c iHorae. Age, Weight |St. Stii. ft.. Str. Fin, t Owner and Jockey. | Op.
3186 lingo 3 .......... 041 4 51 5h 11 12 )a.' J. Ross Jackson) 1 1
3105 El Mldo. 6.:. ....105 8 8 -i 0 1 2h 2 2 J. S. Campbell.. Troxler| 10 2W
31S0 Light Ball 4.":»;105|10 10 4 h 3 1 31 A. H. Vlvell. ..O'Connor! 6-5 3
(3131) Capt 'Guinea 0..IIO1 3 ttl 7- 5 2 4 1 \V. Q. Matthews. Mathes "7 . U ;
(3149) Bagdad' 5 ''.i\Xi: 107 0 3 1 a 'i 4 1 -5 1 H. L.. Haakell.WtnsleUe ll> S
31S5 William F, : .6,.v.l07|li »1 0 2 8 2 6 3 John Kane Prior 1U 5O
3168 Kath Ennls ffl '.'.' 99 6 2 3 11 « 1 7 1 Mrs. F. Spiers.. Random Vi : 10
319« Scallywag .«*•.... 101 1 1 ft " 1 7 » 8 1 J. L. Crooks Ransch *> 15
3201 Scintillate -a"'.:.. 102 7 11 10 8 »' 2 0 2 Airs. Gros3helm Nagle 30 -; 2»W»
3180 Antolee 4 ./..... 90 5 7* 11 10 10 10 10 D. A. Honlg.Fauntleroyf 10 30
2W)9 Mountain Dew '6.1021 2 4 1 8 Vi 11 H T. T. Rector Brodlen «0 : , 100
31'02 [Meropa, ¦6.,..V....104| » F. D. AVelr .Hoar 3 3
Time — 5tH :24^ W.^MOW; 94. 1:16%: 6%f. 1:23. Bad start. V/on easily. Second and third
driving.' .Winner A. J Ross' b. c. by Tom Vaughn- Mary Kernaghan. Winner was bet on
j and showed improvement. El Mldo made a good run! Light Ball no chance with state
Katherlne Ennis quit. Captain Galnes ran a fair race, Scratched— Darlene 00. »Le ft._ _
3204. SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; to first. $325.
j i V ~ I I Betting.
Index Horse ao/l Weight. St. ft. %. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. I Op. CL
3144 Orfeo Ill ~l 777 l~n l~n 1 na jw. O"B. Macd'gh.Jaclwn 6-5 1
3157 Ora Viva 106 4 ... 3h 2h 22 \V. HL Jennlnga.T. Burns 12 2U
(3151) Hudson Ill 3 ' ... 4 1 4 1 3 1% B. Schrelber... O'Connor 1 1 •
Eacarola 108 2 ... £ h '3 h 42 Baldwin & Co... Ransom 15 50
3181 Delsegno IOC 6 ... 52 51". Sn Chinn & Forsythe. Fntly 30 «O
3181 Clarinette 103 5 ... « 8 » Burllngame Farm.McGln -20 10O
Time— K. :24; 3%f, :43%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, W, O'B. Macdon
ough's b. c. by Orsini- Moonlit. Orfeo stood a drive gamely and was well ridden. Ora
/Viva will take some beating nex-: time. Hudson cut off. right after start. Clarinetta
threw boy while being warmed .up and ran through the gap bar, dorng her no good.
3205. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to Brat. $325.
I '¦ j ' i ! BdtUag.
Index|Horse and Weight. (St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3192 Bragg 110 3 11- 1 •% ¦ 2 ft 1 lft Curl & Co... Troxler 6 0
3192 Tyranus 107 6 2h 4h3h 21 Summers & Co..O'Conn 6 «
3180 Vasallo ...107 4 5 1 31 . 41-31 Burns & Watrhs.Ransch % 2
2920 Maraschino ......107 8 8 211h 41 J. C. Humphrey. ...Hoar 20 60
3158 Quiet 110 2 3h 5h 52 5 n W. B. Jennings. ..Burns 4 5
3136 The Weaver 112 5 61 6161 8 1 H. I; Wilson... E. Jones « 10
3197 The Maniac Ill 7 71 8 72 72 John Kane FVior 20 «O
318-t lHalmetta 10s| 1 4 1 7h 8 8 [W. H. Ketcheman. Jckanl 3 S
Time— M. :24%: ft. -AOM: %. 1:16; %, i:29. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. Curl & Co.'s b. c. by SIddartha-Cantatrice. Bragg ran as If a strong
boy and plenty of riding was what he wanted. Tyranus ran a fair race. Vasallo never
wSIi£!}Ji3_ w i€ h £^£5 e J^_Sili«ilLJ )ad SOtogJPj^ttherall. So was Halmetta.
3206. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; to first. $325. '
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. %•.' %• Btr. Fin. J Owner and Jockey. Op.» CL
2450 MacGyle. 5: ..111 3^ 4^ 52 Tl i~2 I Elm wood Farm.. Jackson 2 6^5
3176 Rey Dare, 4 ..100.4 In. 11 21 2 ft }C. G. White .See 8-5 7-5
2247 Joe Rlpey. a 114 1 22 2n 3 2 3 6 |P. G. Lane Brodien a 8
254^ Klckumbob, 5.... Ill 7 6 2 6 2 4 3 4 2 W. James...... O'Connor 15 20
3190 Foul Play. 5..... 100 2 3n 3n 8 10 5 n NJchols & Bowley.Rnsch 4 10
3102 Fidel Youlln. 5...110 6 72 78 52 6 10 Dr. H. E. Roweil . . Mnce 30 50
2860 Justus Goebel, 4.106 5 51 4h 7 15 7 10 H. H. Look Troxler 60 10O
31S5 Newsgathcrer. a.. Ill 8 8 8 t> 8 |C. P. Fink.. J. Matthews 30 100
T1 , m^'. f 6: &, :49^>, y t; ¦M 1^' ™ue. 1:43%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, C. T. Boot*' b. c. by Brutus-Ledalia. Rey Dare stopped perceptibly
the last eighth. Joe Rlpley ran out through stretch. Foul Play stopped. Scratched— Pha
Archibald 100, Rim Rock 109.
3207. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-old3 and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Opt^Cl.
3177 Duckoy, 5 109 2 '1 b . 1 1% 1 1 11 G. B. Morris O'Connor 4 5 7 in
3W3 Meehanus. 6 113 1 23 22 23 21 Caesar Young. Jackson 2 95
319J Captivate. 4 101 4 32 85 34 36 P. Hlldreth Redfer^ 10 \\
3121 Bab. 4.. 104 3 4h 41 4 1 4ft F . £ We" .."I Hoar 10 -rt
(2318) St. Simonlan. a.. 109 5 6 .5 2 5 5 6 25 T. H. Ryan . . . Vickery 10 iro'
.... Claire White. 4.. 104 6 54 6 8 6 G. W. Scott ...Winslet% 50 2^S
Time— %. :25; %. :49%:?i. 1:14%. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. G. B. Morris' b. g. ty Brutus- Decoy Duck. Duckoy ran Meehanus to a
Fullen U 112.l PUVatC ' ° Ut °' Cla " f "" * S? ""*• Bal> D ° « co^~ ScShed-Sam
320S. SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olda anT^^to^ratT^Sr.
.Index Horse. Age. Weight St U. ft. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? tUl CL
(3167) Dr. Boyle. 5 110 3 1 ft 1 ft 1 n 1 h J. C. Nealon....Mounce 7 ~~P
3178 Quadra. 3 87 7 54 3n 2n 25 Snider & Co.W Knarm R S
(3173) Censor. 4 107 2 6h 6 6 3 2 3 2 J. Rothert... 6"Conno? 7 A
3100 DangVs Maid. 5.105 « 2h2h 4542 Burns & Waterhs R^sch 1 » t "
3UW Invictus. 4..;.... 101 1 T 7 « 10 5 n James Wilson McG?m M
3202 Ben Ledl. 6......108 5 3h 4h 546 15 G. W. Scatt. Wtaslctte 1?
3150 Bassenzo, 3...^. 89 4 4 ft 5 ft. 7 7 ¦ |wj.Jenngs & Co .AS ¦ jj - ig
Time— W. :23%5; Vi. :4S%; %. l:14?i: 6^f. 1:21%. Good start. Won first three dr^iT,J"
Winner. J. C Nealon's b. g. by Guido-Exey Tee. Mounce on wlnne" oSnnished lS n »
Censor hard ridden from start. Dangaroua Maid quit. Invictus Tut off at start &«
I^HuSan f^ tched - Po^ 1 °° 10 ". Sea Uon 107. Norford llS^Cou^ IW^^estlno
Pi^ht at Bakersfield Goes
the Full' Twenty
Rounds.
Orfeo Beats Oro Viva a Nose 4 in the Two-Year-Gld Dash-Bragg
Is a Surprise— Duckoy Outsprints Meehanus— MacGyle Downs
Rey Dare-Dr. Boyle Wins by a Head From Quadra at I? to I
JACKSON ON MORE WINNERS
AT THE TRACK OVER THE BAY
HEGARTY WINS
FROM HERRERA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; JANUARY ' 28, 1902.
Sir.; Thomas Fitzgerald of Australia, Who Was Knighted by
the Late Queeri. Victoria, Talks of the Ravages of Disease
.^in Ranks .of • thevBritish Army in South African Camps
FEVER is worst enemy
BRITISH SOLDIER FIGHTS
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
. The longer you delay in" giving
ycur Aveak stomach. the^aid it re-
quires, the more .serious becomes
your condition. . Obtain' a .bottle
of Hostetter's Stomach fiitteris'at
once, as it is the best meclicine in
the world /or stomach complaints.
It will tone up the system, steady
the. nerves and cure ' belching,
flatulency, indigestion, dys-
pepsia ani malaria, fgver and
ag-ue. ¦
AJDVEBTTSEMEKTS.
Rim H I
weak, nervous, exhausted,
all out of sorts. Over-
worked nerves .are always
irritable and restless. The
eyelids twitch, the stomach
1 rebels, the brain is fogged,
' i and the heart is unsteady.
Stop the waste of nerve-
force. Stimulate digestion,
strengthen the nerves, and
replenish the vital power.
•Taflinjr strencth had reduced my
vitality; grip brought on bronchitis
and nervous prostration, and I suffered
fro™ dizzy spells, nervousness, con-
tusion of the mind and palpitation of
the heart Dr. Miles' Nervine and
Pills worked a complete cure."
Mrs. J. E. Harwell, East Atlanta, Ga.
is a perfect restorative for
the weak, the tired, the;
feeble and the run-down.
Sold by drnsgists on gTiarantee;
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart Ind.
UP-TO-DATE PEOPLE
Are not satisfied Tilth the work of th«
old-time, careless washwoman- They
patronize the United States. Laundry,
where they get first-class laundry work-
linen done up with Just the rl^ht finish-
It's, more econo'mical, too — and the goods
last longer.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
OffJee IOO4 Marks: Sires: "
Telephone— South 420. ,.
Oakland Of flea— 54* San Pablo Ave.
Special Reduction Sale in
Smoking Jackets
After the heavy selling we find that we have a num-
ber of smoking jackets^that' we do not wish to carry over. They
are principally large sizes, but there are quite a few average sizes
, The materials are all wool tweeds and cassimeres, with cord trim-
mings and no linlBgs; the patterns are gray and tan mixtures in
neat checks; the former prices were $4.00 and $7.50: all now re
,duced to
They make good office coats as well as .smokinj? jacket* «
..they come in subdued patterns and have but little trimming?
l'- : Otrt'Of-town orders filled— writs us.
718 Market Stpeet.Specially Fine ' Chaonpagne.
'i The articles of the < MurasakI , Social * and
Literary Club, an' organization- formed by
Japanese " residents of - this fcity ~ for .tho
purpose -of /fostering .and' encouraging
friendship I and | sociability ¦ among , the • na
tives^ of . the land \ of » the : Makado * residing
here.'were filed yesterday.':; The officers of
the: club -.>are: -= Frank;" Murakami, presi
dent ; f L. C/i KlkukaWa; secretary, and F.
Hayashi, treasurer.* "
1 Japanese Club Incorporates.
An unidentified .man about ¦" 60 years of
age died suddenly, at a quarter before 12
o'clock t yesterday while * eating lunch in
a Japanese restaurant at 624 Clay street.
Nothing was found on the body, that
would lead to its 'Identification. - On the
back of a saloon card was written In Den
cil. "J. H. Bates. 2725 Mission* street "
There were -two pairs of spectacles, the
key of a trunk or • valise - and, & copper
souvenir medal of the Clovcrdale Citrus
Fair of 1857. . -,
Dies While Eating, Lunch.
Bertha Schadt and Hermina "Ciirieuxf
and 3 their -• mother, , Mrs. ' Ernestine ' Pfaff,
filed a': suit yesterday "against . the' Mutual '
Life Insurance Company, of New York for
54950,". due en an insurance policy issued to
the i late ; January; Pf aff , who was the di
vorced ; husband | of Mrs.'* Pf aff -and father
of : the . other two plaintiffs. Charles Jan
sen, administrator ; of - Pfaff 's .will, claims
the 'amount- due - on ; the > policy.-: on- behalf
of Annie "E." and Frankie Pf aff , ; a son and
daughter, of Frank ; S. " Pfaff, a . brother- of
the. deceased." ' .> : '
Insurance Policy Is Sued For.
- FredP. Callundan, who for 'many years
was . the i assistant State quarantine ; offl
cerJof this port, idled' on Sunday at St.
Joseph's Home i foir Incurables at the age
of 18 years. - The , deceased was born t in
New York City; and came to the Pacific
Coast about twenty years ago. • After ¦ he
left the State quarantine ' service ' he was
connected with the. State fish; patrol'ser
vice : for four years.: For . the past two
years Callundan was in J poor health and
though everything possible was done for
him . he succumbed to , an ' incurable - ail
ment. * Callundan's funeral will take place
this morning at * 11 ; o'clock from Halsted's
undertaking -parlors and. the interment
will be private.' Fred P. Callundan ; was
a, half-brother, of Captain J.-J. Callundan
of Morse's Detective Patrol" Service.
Fred P. Callundan Dies.
Mayor Asks For and Receives an Ex
planation Regarding Janitor of •
Fire Commission's Offices. |
A few days ago It was reported that
Fire Commissioner J.S."; Parry objected
to a colored man acting as Janitor for the
board of which. he was a member. Mayor
Schmltz at once addressed the following
note to. Parry:;
Executive Department, Mayor' s Office.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Jan y .27. 1802.
• J. S. Parry : Esq., Fire "Commissioner, - City
Hall Dear Sir:- -One of the" morning . papers
represents you as demanding, in your official
capacity, the discharge of. ; some.- subordinate
employe of the city on the ground of his color/
I trust that, the newspaper x article does not
state the facts and should be pleased to have
your personal assurance to this effect. . . : -
• - 1 desire it clearly understood that this ad
ministration stands ¦ for fair, representation to
all,' and that, other things being equal, no
American citizen shall be discriminated against
in municipal ¦ . employment ". on the ground of
color religion or political beliefs. " Yours very
truly, ; . . »K." E.. SCHMITZ, ¦ Mayor. v
Parry lost no time in replying and sent
the following answer to the Mayor:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Jan. 27, 1902. V
Hoii. E. E. Schmitz. Mayor, City Hall — Dear
Sir: Replying to yours. of even date herewith,
regarding article In } morning - paper, which I
have not yet had an opportunity to read, will
say that I did not, in my official capacity, nor
otherwise, order ; any> one ' discharged, aa you
stated in your communication.*; I did, however,'
suggest a change of Janitors in the office of the
Kire Commission. . and any published' statement
in the papers to the contrary is without founda
tion.. Respectfully, yours. jr J. S. PARRY. v
PARRY DENIES DltAtWINCr
COLOR LINE IN OFFICE
; t The defendant's attorney made • a sug
gestion: that Mrs. Guggenheim's parrot
should be '.brought into .¦¦ court, but ,the
Judge frowned.it down, y , ;-••;• , -.,
-. Drs. > George • Morton and K. R. -'Bryant
testified that they had patients at the
sanitarium at different .times and had vis
ited - them at all hours of the day and
night and never heard any unusual noises.
B. -? Katschlnski of the Philadelphia shoe
store . testified that his eister ¦ was ¦ a pa
tient at ¦ the ' institution and he had vis
ited her at •< all hours,. bVt heard no un
usual noises. Neighbors of the defendant
had advised him. to take his sister away,
but'he was quite satisfied with the treat
ment she got there.:." ¦ ¦ - .
;». Chief Deputy Coroner McCormlck testi
fied that for. the three years he had held
that position the. Morgue wagon had
never been sent to, the sanitarium. .This
concluded the I evidence - for the day and
the case was continued. " _•- ."
.- Mrs.- Clara Wadsworth, daughter of tho
defendant, was recalled. She reiterated
her statement that the cries of. "Amelia"
came from Mrs. Guggenheim's parrot and
she had learned that the Christian name
of Mrs. Guggenheim's mother was "Ame
lia." -'•S. 1 : H.- Ewing, head nurse, "at -the
sanitarium, also testified that the parrot
was constantly screaming "Amelia.".
There were dozens of cats in the neigh
borhood ' which made night hideous with
their noise.
¦ The long drawn out case of Mrs. Reeves
Atkinson, charged . witji maintaining a
nuisance in the shape of a private,sani
tarium at 1S15 Sutter street was called in
Judge Fritz's court • yesterday afternoon,
when more witnesses for the defpnse were
heard. Mrs. , Guggenheim's parrot came
in for considerable attention.
usual Noises at Mrs. Atkin
son's Sanitarium.
Citizens Testify There Are No Un-
GUQGENHEIM'S: PARROT, j
WANTED AS A WITNESS
Whereas. There is at present a resolution be
fore the Board of Supervisors providing for the
reopening of the Ingleside racetrack fcr a lim
ited • season of racing In order that a portion
of .the racing now being conducted in ad-
The Stable and Carriage Owners' Asso
ciation, an organization composed of
leading business men of this city, strong
ly advocates the passage of the ordinance
reopening the Ingleside racetrack. Last
night the matter was discussed at a spe
cially called meeting- and the following
resolution was passed without a dissent
ing vote:
tion Strongly Advocate Racing.
Stable and Carriage Owners' Associa-
WANT INGL.ESIDE OPENED.
Mrs. Smith's Feelings Are Hurt.
Mr. and Mrs. Zach Smith filed a suit for
$:'<'75 damages yesterday against Mr. and
Mrs. C. H. Souder. The Smiths claim
that on October 21 of last -year the Sou
dcrs, at the Smiih residence, at 407 M
street, assaulted Smith and knocked
lier down, thereby causing such Injuries
that she was compelled to call in a doctor
and a nurse. The Smiths ask for $75 for
medical service* and S2000 for the Injury 'to
yire. Smith's feelings.
• Tours of the 15th inst. was duly received. "I
am thoroughly alive to the dangers to Califor
nia by any of the proposed . reductions to the
present tariff rates or of the end • of the I reci
procity treaties now pending before the Senate.
I shall do all I can to defeat both.
;C" JAMES McLACHLAN.
• I am just In receipt of yours of the 15th lnst..
relative . to » reciprocity with Cuba. etc. The
California delegation Is a unit in opposing any
reduction in. the present tariff rates on Cuban
sugar and ¦ tobacco.' It is also opposed to all
reciprocity treaties except those which come
under < the declaration - contained in the late
platform ¦ of the Republican National • Conven
tion. I shall take pleasure In presenting your
resolutions to the Committee on Ways and
Means. ,*--.-- V.' H. METCALF. ¦
I am in receipt of yours of the 15th inst.
inclosing .. resolutions regarding reciprocity
treaties, and beg. to assure you that no atone
will be left unturned by myself to secure the
defeat of any reciprocity . measure that may
come before the- House. - 1 think the California
delegation is substantially - a unit in this re
gard. Sincerely yours, JULIUS KAHN. .
I am in receipt of yours of the 15th lnst.,
containing resolutions adopted by your honor
able body relative to reciprocity with Cuba,
and beg to reply that the same shall receive
from me very^ careful consideration. Very
truly yours., . ! • • : E. ¦T.'L.OUD. ..
. I am in receipt of yours of, the 15th lnst.,
'with resolutions of the. board, protesting against
the abolition of - the present ' tariff | on Cuban
sugar and. tobacco. I would state that I am
In hearty accord with the Board of Trade and
shall oppose any effort to diminish the pro
tection afforded by the tariff to California beet
sugar, citrus fruit and other Interests. Very
truly, yours, GEORGE C. PERKINS.
The responses of the California repre
sentatives are In accord with the posi
tion taken by the State Board of Trade.
Probably those who have not had time to
auswer-wlll be heard from in a day or
two. The following are the letter** re
ceived up to last night:
Responses have been received by Secre
tary,. Filcher of the State Board of Trade
f r om representatives of California In Con
gress in "response \to communications sent
to. them relative to reciprocity matters
at Washington. .With Secretary Flloher's
letters he sent to- each Senator and Con
gressman from California a copy of a set
of resolutions, adopted by the State Board
of Trade at the last meeting of that body,
which constituted'a memorial asking the
California delegation to oppose abatement
or removal of the present tariff rates
upon Cuban sugar.' and tobacco and such
reciprocity agreements with other coun
tries as abate the rates on citrus and
other fruits of California and upon other
products of the soil of the United States:
also setting forth that the proposed
changes In favor of Cuba are inimical to
the Interests of the farmers of this State
and of the whole country.
Reciprocity Is Opposed
by California's Del
egation.
After the report had been read in open
board Boxton moved to take up the
ordinance, because a number of business
men who desired to be heard on the
subject were present. Braunhart object
ed to taking the measure up out of
order, and Comte moved that considera
tion be deferred one week. Cbmte said:
I read in the newspapers that the ordinance
had b«en laid over for one week by the Police
Committee. A delegation of citizens waited on
me In my office regarding the matter, and I eo
informed them, alter first hearing from the
clerk's office. The delegation would have been
here this afternoon, but believing that the reg
ular meetings of the Police Committee are held
on Thursdays they did not come to-day. Every
body who wants to be heard* should have a
chance, and I move the matter be fixed for
hearing: next Monday, so both can submit their
arguments.
Boxtcn replied:
There is nothing that regulates the meetings
of the Police Committee ' and the members of
the board should certainly have no objection to
placing themselves on record on the subject.
The motion to postpone for one week
was passed by the following vote:
Ayes — Booth. Brandenstein. Braunhart,
Comte, Connor, Curtis, Payot, Wilson, Wynn.
D'Ancona — 10.
Noes — Bent, Boxton, Eggers, Lynch, McClel
lan, Sanderson — 6.
Absent — Alpers, Dwyer — 2.
The Supervisors' Police Committee held
a special meeting ' shortly before the
board met in regular session yesterday
and recommended the passage of the
proposed ordinance permitting pool sell-
Ing on horse races within the track in
closure for a period of sixty days in any
calendar year. The bill. if passed will in
sure the opening of Ingleside race track.
Supervisors Boxton and Eggers signed
the report, Curtis, the third member of
the committee, being unable to be pres
ent. . ¦ .
From end to end of the Sacramento and
fan Joaquin valleys the farmers are dis
cussing' the organization the wheat grow
ers are busy perfecting. G. Wi Pierce,
presideut of the temporary organization,
says that the farmers have been selling
prain at a loss, and that they have every
thing to win and nothing to lose by or
pssiizinfr. Wheat growers are not making
money, and the time has arrived for them
to do something in their own behalf. A
systematic canvass for subscriptions to
the plan of organization for farmers has
been made throughout the State. . He con
siders the proposition simple. In an ad
dress that he has just put out he says:
"The grain grower is asked to have his
prain shipped to foreign markets, wher
ever they may be. over lines designated
by the association. In other words, we
¦want a freight carrying line of ships sail
ing from Port Costa to Liverpool and the
Orient which will charge only living, rea
sonable freight rates. By united action
¦we can secure such a line and make a
great saving. For many months we have
paid from fS to 111 per ton freight on our
grain to Liverpool. The shipping of our
crops was considered a good business
when we paid but from S5 to $6 per ton.
Combinations have been formed that are
seriously crippling us.
"The profits from our produce, which
legitimately belong to us, now go to oth
ers. Combination did it. Combination be
gets combination. The challenge is out.
Shall we accept it, organize and have a
royal battle, with the prospects of suc
cess in our favor, or shall we continue to
be the slaves of those with foresight
enough to organize and properly prepare
for the contest? There is no doubt that a
co-operative society, handling the grain
crop for a number of years and so man
aged as to secure the confidence of finan
cial men. could effect a great saving to
the producer. If the. proposed association
accomplishes anything It will be to en
hance the value of our grain, both wheat
and barley, from $2 to $5 per ton. It will
also be in a. position to do much for the
farmer that cannot be represented in dol
lars and cents. Our business is of suf
ficient magnitude to entitle it to a higher
piane than the one on which It is now
operated."
ARE IN FAVOR
OF PROTECTION
Police Committee Rec
ommend Passage of
Ordinance.
D.escribes Plan to Help
California Grain
Growers.
FIERCE URGES
JOINT ACTION
FAVORS OPENING
OF INGLESIDE
"I want to know when my brother asked
him the direction of the streets why he
didn't walk down with him and see tf
there wasn't such a number. He might
have known that my brother was a hay
.seed and didn't-know anything about the
city and never carried a gun in his life." .
For reply Crackbon repeated the con
versation that he had had with Pedro.
Crackbon admitted that he was not in
uniform/but said that when he told Pedro
that he. was a police officer he pulled
aside" his. overcoat and exhibited his star.
Dr.. Li. D. Bacigalupl testified that he
made the autopsy on the body of Pedro,
and that the bullet had an inclination of
more than forty-five degrees, ranging,in
ward,-upward and backward and lodging
-behind the breastbone. It was his opinion
that the bullet struck the pavement and
then entered the body. It was impossible
that the bullet could have been fired from
B the level. ., • . - '¦ ''.-¦¦.
-F. Jones, the driver for the Great East
ern Dairy, testified that ¦when Crackbon
overhauled him he asked Crackbon who
he was.
"He poked his gun in my face," said
"I, wanted to know who he was,
?"but all I couldget out of him was that:
I he -wanted to know what I -was doing."
. This concluded the testimony and the
1 jury retired and agreed upon the forego-
I ing verdict. 1 - ' ' . : ' ,;
At this stage of the proceedings - the
brother of Pedro asked permission to
question the officer.
Brother Questions Officer.
"My only intention' was -to stop him,"
said Crackbon.. "The only thing that
seemed to frighten him was when I told
him I was a police officer and showed him
my star. If I was a citizen and a man
put his hand Into his back - pocket like
that and I had a gun I. would plant it into
him. I believe the, law is thafthe police
officers are in command of the streets and
the people, and when the' command is
given him by a police. officer to halt if he
is a gentleman and a ctiizen and expects
protection he will obey and will appre
ciate it. I believe that if I had fired di
rectly at him I would riot be justified. If
I had fired into the air the ball would be
likely to go into the third storj* of. some
building and kill somebody." /v.'-tt;';-*'
The witness then told how he searched
for Pedro and was unable to find him, and
how he telephoned to the police station
that he had shot at a man.- He told his
brother : officers that he had shot at ; a
man, but did not know" whether or not. he
had hit him. •.
, " '1911,' he said,~and'I said; 'There's no
such ' number. Are you a stranger here?'
'No, sir,' * said . Pedro, , 'I have. been here
this last time • between' -five and Zslx
months.' I said, -'I am a police '. officer,'
and took one step down, and he backed up
to the edge of the side walk, quickly, and
went down into.hls hip pocket. I covered
him with my- pistol and said. 'Take your
hand off that, quick, or. I'll kjll- you.' He
turned away; and ran stooping forward.
I then shot into the sidewalk about twen
ty feet in front'of me, and he was about
forty feet away. 1 1 heard him make a
sound like. 'ugh,'. and he ran around <the
corner.". : •-¦'¦ : y ; '¦ \ • ¦ ¦¦"• • ¦ -, . ¦". ; -• ¦ • ¦:
Reaches for Hip Pocket.
Such Is the essential portion of the ver
¦*Jlct rendered by the "Coroner's jury yes
terday Jn the inquest j upon _the body • of
Jose Pedro,' who was mistaken by the of
ficer for : a fleeing E footpad and * shot
through the back. . . - .' ,
:After air the other witnesses had'glven
their- testimony Officer, Joseph Albert
Crackbon took the. stand' and told how he
had come : to kill la. respectable citizen.
The officer told first how he had followed
F. Jones, driver, of ;a milk wagon, from
1 Mission Eleventh streets^to Mission
and Sixteenth streets and - searched him
for weapons, suspecting Jones of being a
footpad'or a burglar. While trailing Jones
the officer noticed-Pedro :,walklng along
Mission street, on the same side and a lit
v tle ahead of. them. v-When-* Crackbon left
the milk driver he saw Pedro standing at
the entrance to Pattosleh's carpet Btore.
The officer, as he expressed it,'- "sneaked
along" the southwest corner of Mission
and Sixteenth 'streets,' and- Pedro turned
around and came right back toward him.
Crackbon stepped into the " shadow of a
doorway and watched. him, and when. he
got about twelve or fifteen , feet the of
ficer, stepped out in the moonlight. Pedro.'
without moving, asked him, "Can you tell
me where. Sixteenth street, between Mla
sion and Howard; Is?".- '-'¦¦ -V ¦,-''"-• • *
"I said, 'Yes; it is right down here,' "
continued Crackbon. : " .What number do
you want?'" "' '. ¦-.... ¦¦ .. ".,
We, the 'jury, find' that Joseph
redro"came, to ( his death January- 24
at I the. hands of Police Officer J. F.
Crackbon in. the discharge of his
duty, and we further find that Officer
Crackbon" was ' blameless " 'in '.^ the
matter. ' .. .-., ". .: * ' ' "
The secretary was instructed to notify
every member of the association to at
tend the l meeting and lend- their aid in
securing the passage of the resolution
allowing a limited season of racing in the
city and- county of San -Francisco.
The association willalso present a pe
tition to the, Board ' of. Supervisors to
take immediate steps to rectify the reck
less . and dangerous manner k In which
automobiles are driven over, the principal
streets of this city : ahd county and' - to
pass other rules governing the use of the
silent machine. -. • /
The discussion was an interesting one.
Dr. Dalziel. who introduced the resolu
tion, told of the importance of advocating
the reopening' of the track. Ho stated
that It would not only benefit the city,
but would aid every member of the or
ganization. The speaker called attention
to the fact that there was racing on
every side, and if other counties were to
benefit by It he was of the opinion that
San Francisco should likewise be bene
fited.
E. G. Pierce, J. J. Doyle, E. R. Pease
and Mr. Holland, leading members of the
organization, were in accord with -Dr
Dalziel. They all favored the passage of
the resolution and said, they would -do
everything in their power to secure the
reopening of the track. .
The chairman appointed the following
committee to go before the board on
Monday next ' and appeal to the Super
visors to pass the resolution: E R
Pease, J. J. Doyle. Robert Kendall,- E G*
Pierce and Dr. I. B. Dalziel. j '
Resolved, That each and every member of
this association appear in person and advocate
the passage of this resolution next Monday.
The decision of the question regarding
the registration for the primary election
it is said will possibly be applied to the
question of a special election for a bond
issue for the acquirement of public utili
ties as suggested by the last administra
tion. If the same theory holds good, it
will be a long time before the voters of
San Francisco will be called upon to vote
upon a bond Issue.
joining counties shall be conducted within the
city and county of San .Francisco so as to re
sult in the expenditure of. a portion of the
moneys incident' thereto within said city and
county; now, therefore, be it
Resolved. That we, the Stable' and Carriage
Owners' Association, are heartily in favor of
said resolution, inasmuch as it will be of ma
terial benefit to the members of the associa
tion and result in the expenditure of at least
$100,000 per month within this city and county
that is now being expended In adjoining coun
ties, and thereby benefit the city and county in
general; be It further ¦ ..
I advise therefore that your board proceed at
once to a new registration and. that all pos
sible effort be made to make such registration
as full as possible prior to the primary elec
tion in August, .and that notice be given that
such new registration alone will be used at such
primary election.
Ad\rises New Registration.
The law requires a complete new registration
beginning with. the first day of this year, and
such registration may in fact be "completed in
point of time sufficient to permit of Its use"
at the primary election in August. It may be
that a primary election held upon the theory
that only supplemental registration was neces
sary would not be thereby invalidated, but I am
satisfied that it was not the intention of the
Legislature to permit the use of hold-over affi
davits of registration when such use could be
avoided.
A complete registration may properly be de
fined, I think, as one wherein all entitled to
register have been given full opportunity to do
bo after ample notice. A new registration is a
registration de novo, a registration independ
ent of all others, one I not supplemental to any
other. A new and complete registration would
be one that was entire In itself and contained
the necessary data concerning all voters who
presented themselves for registration, ample
notice being given to all voters that such regis
tration was necessary and was proceeding as
the law required. This character of registra
tion may be as easily 'obtained, in my Judg
ment, prior to the date of the primary election
in August as It would be prior to the general
election in November. That Is to say, there is
abundant«tlme for a full new registration be
fore the primary election, and therefore I do
not fee! that we would be justified in falling
back upon that language in section 1366 supra,
which permits the use at certain primary elec
tions of a registration partly old and partly
new. • .
Defines Registration.
I do not take it to have been the intention
of the Legislature that when a ful new regis
tration is possible for a primary ur any other
election the older registration shall be used. A
complete registration of "all'.,' voters is not to
be expected, for some do not care to register,
others may not have the opportunity and others
may neglect to do so. . Therefore I assume
that' the law does not use the word "com
pleted" as that word is used in section 1366
supra, or the word "complete" as used in sec
tion 1004 supra, in an absolute sense, as mean
ing a registration of all who may be entitled to
register.
It would be manifestly impossible to obtain a
complete new registration of the voters in any city
alter the first day of January of an even-num
bered year in time for a'primary held six weeks
prior, to the city election, it such city election
came within the first three or four months of
the year. Therefore the law has provided that
where such new registration could not be com
pleted in time a full new registration should
not be required, but that in such cases the. old
registration — that of the last general election —
should be supplemented by such new registra
tion as might be made and additional indexes.
The last quoted provision is obviously made
to meet the necessities of elections coming so
early in the year as to make it impossible to
Eecure a full registration of voters. Many
cities hold their municipal elections in the early
portions of the year and for these the law has
made provision in section 1362 of the Political
Code, wherein it is said: "la any year when
by-law an election is to be neia in any city or
town of this State for the purpose of electing
city or town officers, primary elections for the
election of delegates to such city conventions
shall be held on the sixth Monday next preced
ing the election for such public officers in such
city or town."
Made to Meet Necessities.
The Smith law, so called, under which regis
tration is now conducted, provides for "a new
and complete registration" in each ev.en-num
bered year. "Such shall begin on
the first day of January of such years" (section
1094 of the Political Code). The primary law
of 1901 requires that primary elections shall
be held on the second Tuesday in the montn
of August in each even-numbered year for the
election of delegates to the State, district and
local conventions (1362, Politcal Code).
The question now. arises wnether the regis
tration for the primary - election j should be a
partial or a complete registration, it being pro
vided in section 136G of the Political Code
"that where a new registration pursuant to
law is not completed in point of time sufficient
to permit of its use. at the next ensuing pri
mary election, then the original affidavits of
registration and indexes used at the last general
election in any county or city and county - in
this State may be used at any primary election
together with the original affidavits of registra
tion since the last election and supplemental
indexes, showing all additional registrations,
changes and corrections made since the last
general election registration, completed to and
Including the tenth day prior to the primary
election, which shall be the last day on which
any person may register or transfer | his regis
tration to entitle him to vote at any such pri
mary "
Gentlemen : In answer to your question,
'•Can the registration of 1900 and 1901, with
the additional registrations and changes, to and
including August 2, 1902. be used for the pri
mary election to be held August 12, 1902, or
must the register to be used at the said primary
be made up from the registration of this year,
1902, under section 1094 of the Polltcal Code?"
I submit the following:
City and County Attorney Franklin K.
Lane has replied to the request of - the
Board of Election Commissioners for an
opinion regarding the necessity of a new
registration prior to the coming primary
election. He reviews the law as follows:
The brdinance ordering the " construc
tion of the extension of the Army street
sewer from San Bruno avenue to Islal-j
Creek, at a cost of $32,000, was finally
passed.
The ordinance granting a permit to
erect bay windows on a building on "Wil
liams street was finally passed. . Curtis
explained that an ordinance was .now in
effect prohibiting bay windows on streets
less than thirty-five feet in width. Bran
destein raised a point of order that; a
permit could not be - granted to violate
an ordinance, as Williams street is less
than thirty-five feet wide. - . '. . .
The bill declaring that public interest
demands the acquisition of a children's
playground south of Market street was
recommitted to .the, Public/Utilities Com
mittee. Braunhart said ,it would be "a
waste of money to pass the measure ".o
print, as the charter required that with
in two-weeks an ordinance must be
passed submitting to the people the ques
tion • -whether a bond : election . shall. <* be
called. * Braunhart- thought the . other
declaratory ordinance would have to go to
print again and advised delay until the
City Attorney's opinion is received. . '
Controversy With, ¦: Superior Judge. ¦"'
The resolution directing the Board v oC
Public Works to remove the canopy and
furniture in the court room now occu
pied by Department 6 of the Superior
Court, and to place the court room in the.'
possession of the. Public Library, was
deferred for one week. The resolution
also directs- the removal to the Hall of
Justice of such furniture as may be nec
essary to accommodate Department 6.'
Braunhart explained that Superior Judge-
Dunns had expressed his intention to
move his court to the Hall of Justice,
and the controversy will end. /
The Mayor was authorized to receive
bids for ex-Treasurer Widber's propj5£3a
in Contra Costa and San, Francisco, the
title to it being vested, in the city.
The sum of $250 was apropriated - from
the urgent necessity fund to improve the
acoustic properties of the- Supervisors'
chambers.
Stephen Potter was appointed stenograi?
pher to take down evidence in the inTB^P'
tigation preparatory to fixing light, gas
and water rates. . . .
A resolution was adopted fixing tho
date for the purpose . of hearing testi
mony for the fixing of the water rates on
Tuesday evening, February 4. ¦
The board adjourned until 8 o'clock
Wednesday evening to hear ..the offer of
tho Giant "Gap Water. Supply Company to
sell water to the city. -
Will Extend Army-Street Sewer.
The City Attorney was similarly direct
ed to call for competitive -bids for the
printing of all , briefs and transcripts in
civil cases. •"• ¦ , ." , >}
The Board of Works was requested to
/furnish a list of all street corners on
which no signs are placed, designating
the names of intersecting streets, and to
furnish* an estimate of the cost .of erect
ing said signs. .•¦¦¦... .:• ,
The ordinance prohibiting the ' use by
livery stable keepers of horses or vehicles
entrusted to their care was finally passed;
Similar action was taken on the ordin
ance prohibiting frauds by ¦ hirers of
horses or vehicles. .
The County Clerk was directed by reso
lution to call for competitive bids for
printing transcripts on appeal in crim
inal cases. If the work is not given to
the lowest responsible' bidder,' the,- de
mands will not be approved. -The de
mands must be submitted to the board
for approval before they >, are , presented
to the Auditor and Treasurer for pay
ment. • ¦
Bids for Transcripts.
Attorney, Baggett addressed, the board
with a request that it direct the Board
of Works to issue a permit to the com.-,
pany to, do the work, and that » sixty
days be granted in which to expend $25,
000, as required by the original ordinance;
Baggett assured the board that the road
would be bullf within th« time specified
or the board could then repeal the r fran
chise. The permit had been refused by
the Board of Works, 'because official
grades had not yet been established.
3 City Engineer Grunsky read from a re
port -which stated that grades have been
established on many of : the streets pro
posed to be crossed by the Bay and
Coast line. Part of the route lies tnrough
private property, over which the board
has no control and grades on. about one
half of the route remain to be estab
lished. Braunhart introduced resolutions
granting the company an extension of
sixty days and directing the Board i of
Works to issue the necessary permit.
Curtis opposed any further extension,
claiming that the road is a myth' and
that the promoters have not the- money
to begin construction. The resolutions
were referred to the Street Committee.
-../ ¦ .: ¦ ¦ ¦ • •¦ ¦ " - .- >
Consideration of the bill, providing, for
the repeal of . the ordinance granting a
franchise to the Bay and Coast Railway
Company to enler the city at Twenty
fourth and Illinois streets and to oper
ate a steam road on. certainS streets was
postponed for one -week by the Board of
Supervisors yesterday.
Explains the Contradictory
Sections of Primary Elec
licn Law.
Crackbon Testifies That; He
Fired Only to Stop th9 "
¦-¦--* ' Pin CITNO^*^ --¦-¦¦ . ' ,. ¦ w „ •
Bids Must Be Invited for
Printing Transcripts on
Coroner's Jury Finds the
Killing Was an
Accident.
Bay Coast Road -Wants
More Time to Begin
:.- , Construction.
Question.
City Attorney Renders
an Opinion Upon the
MUST REGISTER
ANEW THIS YEAR
FIGHTING HARD
FOR FRANCHISE
PEDRO'S SLAYER
IS EXONERATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESD AY, r JANUARY 28, 1902^
GIVEN DECENT BURIAL.— The remains of
Mrs. Mary Harmsen. who died at 304 First
street last Saturday night amid the moat deso
late surroundings, were given burial at Laurel
Hill Cemetery yesterday, t It vaa thought at
first that the body would have' to be consigned
to the potter's field, but friends of the family
contributed toward the payment of the ex
pense of a more suitable interment.
., At a -meeting of the Federated Steanv
ship Painters' Union No. 1 the following
officers' were elected: President, F. ;.Z.
Angles; vice president, J. .Culllnane;
treasurer, Charles Ross; (financial secre
tary. James Hogan; recording secretary,
N. G. Hunter; sergenat-at-arms,' J.' Mc-
Ginty and F." Cottle; board of trustees, F.
O'Neil, G. Howard and J. Wilkenson.
Ship Painters Elect Officers.
Stands by Its Deputies.
Attorney Frank Schilling appeared be
fore the Board of Public Works yester
day as counsel for C. Markman.^who has
been refilling trenches and bitumenizlng
streets for various electric light compa
nies. Objection was made by chief dep
uty of the Street Department and D. J.
O'Brien, another deputy. For a time the
members of the Board of Public "Works
¦were amused ¦with Schilling's presentation
of his case, but as no facts were estab
lished the board determined to sustain
the action of the deputies in refusing to
accept the. work performed by Schilling's
client.
Owing to the free day yesterday, th/>
usual one, which in the regular course of
events. would take place the first Friday
in February, will be dispensed with, be
cause that evening will be devoted to ar
ranging for the Mardl Gras bal masque,
which takes place on February 1L
• During the exhibition there have been
but three pictures sold, Nos. 106 arid 108.
"Entrance Little Cloister. Gloucester" and
"The Peashooter," both from the camera
of H. C. Leath of Bristol, England, and
339, "On Sacramento Levee," by Annie W.
Brigham of Oakland. The management
announce that exhibitors may get their
pictures any time to-day.
To emphasize the closing of the second
San Francisco photographic salon yester
day the management threw the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art open to the pub
lic free, and the attendance was large
throughout the day. The great room
where the pictures were shown was, of
course,, the. center/ to which all flocked.
City people and country people joined in
giving praise to the works 6f the pho
tographers, and many marvelled at the
perfection of some of the camera won
ders. - '.', - .: ¦¦% ¦<u r: ~ " . .
On Last Day Big C rowds
Visit Hopkina Art
Institute.
CAMERA ADEPTS
CLOSE EXHIBIT
.- Note » the ' remarkably * fine and' breedy
quality - and ; dryness '; of j G.~ H. -„ MUMM'S
EXTRA I DRY n now i Imported; •; resembllnjr
the : famous ; 1889.* vintage, « better < than the
1893. 'Importations. 120,359. 'cases In ' 1 90l—
nearly 00,000 more, than any other brand. ?
5
j BE A MAM
• /C5k ''"^Sj " Arouse Yourself. Feel the
• / W/' fa*™m Spark of Life in Ybiir
• [ \ P^->! r ---^- * -AJ^ Nerves. Recover the
JS^^^^ : Y^2° r ou ; Have Lost- ¦
2 • - -* ' ' • 'S^^ \ '¦¦*(¦ "Would you not like to have your friends
S Vi v --^-^-*J^^^ \ point to you.as they used to do and say.
• ./ffiMSfijSyjf! *• t A "There goes a strong: man?" Do you not
• wSS^Bfll^ \ iV llrf wish your CJ ' e t0 be so br teht, your step
9 \ I* ' m so flrm and your form so erect that m<? n
e ' flSS^Ss.vA ji '!, .Mv V, and women will admire yoti and remans
S Ji^SSWi I'i// • ' '*S3kr, 5? at >' our manly bearing? These are the
2S U.:/<r 'gafl I thoughts uppermost in the minds of mod-
2 fl em .men— physical and mental perfection,
® ABBB^^^SS^^^Sb Kr strength and power.
® fl^BSWffg^v^^^TP^^giy* ; ¥ Wno does not llke to be strong, to feel
• wl'irr^"*-!^ ) \ that he ls ec l ual ln strength to any man
© v ¦TIVSX'i 4 ? "'*3&Y!f*n of nls ase? You can be i{ > ou obey
S / Ctl the appeal here made to you.
C r\^ff\ \ ST^S, Drugs have been tried and have failed.
*» " SSMBUSK' 1 T*T \>P«S»^ You know that : but Dr. lIcLauffhlin's
2 .'/ ?mt x EKy Electric Belt cannot fail; it is Electricity
•¦'- . . T~^. '-?/! v>^, and "Electricity is Life." It gives you
• the oil with :whlch • to , set the machinery of your body in motion, and a few
O months". use of it will assure you health .and* happiness for the rest of your
.% life. ."It Is worth its weight in gold to me." says a recent letter. "I would
a: not sell: it for all the gold In this State." writes another gTateful patient. It
a willeure; all Nervous and Organic Weakness. . Rheumatism. Lame Back
Z: Kidney and Bladder Troubles,- Indigestion. Dyspepsia and all ailments fol-
lowing the effects of dissipation. It. will prove . of great valueto any man
™ who suffers from these ailments.
9 -Call: to-day and test It free, or send for my book with full; description I
• will, send it closely sealed If you will Inclose this ad»
• •/.; ¦;;;,.•¦.;.-.. ; " ;..;—^— — — __. ( ¦
• Dr M If! MpLaUO-hlih 70^ ""^t St., Cor. Keapny
O V ¦V-: J P? V* 1 » 1^^ ct «& I111 f 1 J «Lotta-s Fountain): San Francisco
• Office Hours, 8 a. m.. to 8:30 'p. m. Never Sold "by/ Agents or Drug Stores.
." -~ r When women: are troubled with irregular, suppressed qr^ painful
menstruation, weakness, leucorrhcea, displacement or ulceration of the
womb, iJiitjDearing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, backache,
bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous pros-
tration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude,
excitability,' irritability,' nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy, "all-
gone" and "want- to-be -left-alone " feelings, blues and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia E.
Pinkham's .Vegetable Compound at. once removes such troubles.
Refuse to buy any other medicine, for you need the best.
' ~ Mrs. iPinliham invites all sick.women to -write her for advice.
She has {raided thousands to health. Address. Lynn, Mass.
uterus laid me low and robbed life of its joy* for me. For eight years
I was in frequent pain and misery, and then Liydia E. Pink ham's
Vegetable : : Compound came to me, the greatest boon I have
known, for it brought new life and health to me. I *used several
bottles of Compound and your Sanative Wash. My improvement
was slow, but from the first bottle I felt that I was better, and so I
kept up courage and continued the treatment. None of my friends
ever dreamed that I. would- be well again, but I have now enjoyed life
to its fullest extent for three years." — Mrs. Mamie Herbert.
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GEXCTTNE.
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — Inflammation and ulceration of the
J. Mrs. Mamie .Herbert,^ 56 Elmwood Aye.,
Buffalo, N. Y., Treasurer Empire State
Fortnightly, Buffalo, N. Y., After Eight
Years' Suffering Cured by Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CALCULATION.
»}__ -]HEN you arc ready to buy, stop and com-
fl^X / v^ c cost °^ c oa^ uscc^ ky your
jffixj^ household in a day, a week or a month,
iMs^SJ and for the slight difference in price you
will never forego the pleasure of; using the purest
soap made, that is, Ivory Soap. "
It is the most inexpensive of pure soaps. You
need no knowledge of chemistry to realize this
purity, use it and you will know. It floats. . -
This is a picture of the Dunlap Crusher — that stylish soft hat that I
has caught the popular fancy. We have just' received a large ship- I
ment of them, which we are selling for $1.30; we will guarantee I
them equal to any others sold in San Francisco for $2.00. • w
They come in all the popular colors, such as black, brown cedar >I
pearl, steel, etc. . ' ' f
. Look at the large display of them in pur hat window, near the I
Market-street entrance. : J
Pantou l 'c C r ' Ce ° f $I3 ° W ? als6 liave DcrbySl Fedoras, Graecos and H
71 S Market Street.
ADVERTTSEIffEJITa.'Many an innocent man is - condemned—
to;serve on'a jury.
'At the storming of Magdeburg by Tilly
in 1631 this noted authority; on the art of
war • laid down . the *' general ; maxim 'that
after ¦ a. , successful ".assault r the ;>•; soldiers
ought to have three 'hours of pillage.
"Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine, VegetableCure forLiverJTl*
Biliousness. Indigestion, Constipation, ila!aria!
Boss 'Nixon says that ¦ only; 2 per cent of the Tam
many organization, is bad, and now the' wonder 'will
behovr that particular- percentage always' shows up
on top.;. V , « : '
It is announced that Carnegie is going itoTprovide
himself with a $250,000 library for* his castle in Scot
land, so it seems he doesn't look upon the things a*
being good for nothing except to give away..
Special information supplied " daily to
business houses and public men by tn«
Press Clipping Bureau 510 Mont
gomery ureeu • Telephone Main liHi •
Townsend's California 'glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. A'nice present for Eastern friends
b39 $ Market st.. Palace Hotel building.
According to an Iowa story a citizen of that great
State, had a defective eye, removed and the eye' of a
Belgian hsrc put in its place, and there the story
stops. We are not told whether the new eye enabled
the Iowan to sec any improvement in himself.
"What,", said -the visitor to. the .village
of, his childhood, "what's become of the
one/'boy . I hated— Willie Hawker, the
sneak?. In prison, no doubt— he bore, that
fate on his: face." - ¦ ., .
£ "Hush!" said the, villager. ','He 'is now
Mr Hawker, the: famous millionaire." -"
r cried] the' visitor:^: "My dear
school" fellow a . millionaire ! I must 'call
upon him and revive the old friendshin "—
Tit-Bits.'^ ;:.- ,. , '¦
CaL Glace Fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.'
Ei. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's. •
.Printers and proofreaders are to take for
granted that. In every work which falls under
their supervision, the proper agreement be
tween thought and expression has been effected
by the author. He alone has the right *.o
change the words and their collocation: and, !f
fairly punctuated, the manuscript should ba
closely followed, word for .word, and point for
point. Every person who writes for the press
should punctuate his work presentably; but —
since the majority of writers are inattentive to
punctuation — custom ' and convenience. If not 1
necessity. . have thrown upon the compositor
and proofreader the task of Inserting In their"
proper places the grammatical points, and
sucr other points and marks aa shall assist a
readrr in obtaining a ready apprehension of the
authot _ . "*~r~"~
PUNCTUATION- W. R. T... City. The
following, from "Pen and Type," by
Drew, is an answer to ' the . question, "Do
compositors and proofreaders punctuate
copy that Is furnished by writers?":
MARRIAGE — Honesty, Sacramento,
CaL If you wish to marry a woman who ,
has been divorced in California but seven
months you may go to some other coun
try and marry her, but In California there
have been two decisions in regard to that
matter, one that a marriage that is valid
in any otheT country or State Is valid In
California, and the other that a marriage
In Nevada or other place to a party who
has not been divorced a year In California
is Invalid. • As yet there has not been a
decision of the Supreme Court as to
whether persons divorced In this State
who go to . another State or country to
marry within a year after the decree of
divorce Is valid or not. To be on the safe
side It is best to wait until the year after
the decree has lapsed.
You should not indulge in depraved and bad
acts.
You should not utter injurious -words.
You should not drown female Infants.
You should not wound the conscience.
You should not obtain money by false pre
tenses.-
You should not beat down articles below the
proper price.
You should not destroy animal life.
You should not ba remiss in meritorious
work.
You should not throw down ou the ground
kernels of rice nor any lettered paper.
You should not quarrel with your brothers.
CHINESE GOOD WORDS— M. A. D. F..
Alameda, Cal. The twelve sentences of
good words or commandments are:
You should not disobey your parents.
.Warrington will j get what it asks . for.
It seems to have acquired a . habit of getting, all- it
wishes.' The only ' strange thing is that the early
inhabitants when they asked for the I use of -the land
did not fask : the- Government : to "*¦ build their; houses
and fence their gardens. -It goes without saying/ we
suppose,' that : the people, -of \ Warrington never ' plant
anythirig unless the seed' is furnished 'by 'the {Depart
ment; of /Agriculture." Uncle; Sani,' ,we believe, -has
but one town of the kind;" but" that is enough. :
It appears from the records that at the close of the
Civil War a large number of persons were employed
at the Government navy-yard at Pensacola, and • as
the yard is at some distance from the town many of
the persons working for the Government squatted on
the reservation and established homes there. . After
a time they obtained permission to*build substan
tial houses, and then their number increased until the
settlement. became quite a- town. /Having reached
that dignity the settlement took to itself the name
of ; Warrington, and the; Postmaster General gave it
apostoffice ;of its own. Like the 'little ; peach ;of
Eugene Field's song,' "it grew/ it grew." At the pres
ent time it has something, like 1500, inhabitants. It
has lights, sewers, , police and : municipal , government
furnished by the Navy y. Department. It ¦ •. has no
trouble with/ politicians and no faxes, and now' it
wishes the Government to provide . it with two pub
lic 'schools. ¦ . . ' ' 1 "
The presentation of the bill and its reference to the
Secretary of .the Navy* for his^opinion were suffi
ciently strange departures from the routine of Sena
torial appropriations to attract . the attention of the'
newspaper men in Washington, and one of them on
investigating it dug up a very interesting story show
ing that however difficult if may be to get an advan
tage of Uncle Sam, it^is comparatively easy to keep
it and develop' it when once obtained. I , '
cently introduced by Senator Mallory of , Florida
asking an appropriation for the maintenance of two
public schools, one for white and one for colored
children, in the town of Warrington. , v -
A CURIOUS illustration of the persistence and
the growth of. abuses of governmental favor
when once granted is afforded by a bill re-
LIVING ON THE NATION^
The clearings of New York are about
two-thirds of .those of the whole United
States and twice (hose of London, and
yet these enormous transactions are* con
ducted without the handling of more than
2 per cent of actual money. By means of
checks and credits, dailjr: balances are
struck and settled, and .to the absolute
correctness of a cent. What^ engineering
feat, -what: - electrical accomplishment,
what Invention of necessity or luxury can
compare with it? ...
:'." Nearly ' two-thirds of these . clearances
and balances -have been within the past
twenty years, and nearly one-third with
in the past ten years— the transactions
for 1901 being fifteen times as large as
forty-eight years ago.
It is $890 per capita for the present in
habitants of the earth, $18,510 per capita
for the inhabitants of the United States,
or $407,229 per capita for the inhabitants o.f
New : York City, where the transactions
took place.
In gold it would make 63,954,741.373 flna
ounces at the present price of $20 67 per
fine ounce, or 75,653,694,500 ounces avoirdu
pois, of 6,304,'474,542 . pounds, or 3,152,237
tons. It would measure one solid Iblock
of 3,328.021 cubic feet of gold.
In silver dollars, placed one above an
other, it would reach '950,000 miles, or four
times as high as the moon. Placed side
by side they would reach 11,400,000 miles,
or 460 times around the earth.
$1,425,294,504,212.— These figures represent
the total transactions of the New York
clearing-house during the forty-eight
years' of its existence,- ending September
30, 1901. It is difficult to grasp the real
meaning of such a sum of money— a mil
lion' and a half millions — a thousand and
a half billions! It is more than three
times the wealth of the whole world, and
would pay the world's debts forty times
over. This money, if in $1 bills and
placed lengthwise, would extend 10.6S9 -
708,7S1,605 inches, or 56,237,941 miles, and
would girdle the earth 2278 times, or reach
to the moon and back, even if It were 100
times farther away than its real distance
of 23S.850 miles. Or, if made Into a quilt,
it would entirely cover the State of New
Jersey or the State of Massachusetts.
With this condition of affairs , it is sig
nificant to note -that manufacturing.' in
.which, so many great American fortunes
have been, made, is still^in Its infancy.
Among the 4441 of Japan's moderately. rich
men' there j are more ! farmers and ' mer
chants than manufacturers and sixty-six
are noblemen. Of this class only about
one . In ',- ten has amassed {wealth ' in , one
generation. . A.'', fortune "usually -. repre
sents the Inherited accumulation i of sev
eral generations. : This; is quite contrary
to. conditions in America," where a fortune
grows'up almost in a night?
Of the quarter millionaires found in
Japan, Toklo, the capital, possesses one
third, ¦ but eight neighboring provinces
have scarcely any. The other large cities
ranked in proportion to , their capitalists
are Osaka, Kobe, Najaga, Kioto and
Yokohama. " . • ¦ -.
That, however, is the very farthest pos
sible removed from the facts, for Japan
has no paupers. While there are no fabu
lously rich men, there are no notoriously
poor ones. Wealth is ' very generally dis
tributed and misery and are
so iittle known that the j Japanese are
noted for being one of the happiest, light
est hearted peoples of the earth.
. That means that there is only one quar
ter millionaire to every 100,000 population.
Compared with the United States' 3828
millionaires, or one for. every 20,000 popula
tion,; these' figures make Japan look pov
erty stricken. - :?
The Tiji Shimpo, one of the leading
newspapers of the empire, has been mak
ing an Investigation of the country's
wealth. According to Its tabulated sta
tistics the greatest fortunes only, reach
the quarter-million mark. There are re
ported to be 441 persons whose possessions
aggregate 500,000 yen, which is In , Amer
ican money ?25 ,,000. .
• The modern Western problem of what
to^do with the rich growing richer and
the poor growing poorer isn't troubling
the Mikado's empire. There isn't an in
habitant there, not even a nobleman, who
would be considered a rich man from an
American standpoint. .
Japan presents the curious anomaly for
the twentieth century of a country with
out a millionaire. . . l i
Japan Has No Millionaires.
Gotham's Great C earings
A SNARK-M. B., City. The word
"snark" as used by Lewis Carroll In one
of his works is a creation of his own,
which is not recognized by any diction
ary. His own definition is that a snark
Is a boojum, and a reading of hla book
shows that a boojum Is nonsense. The
only use of snark aside from that In
Carroll's book is by an association of
lumbermen and newspapermen, called
the Concatenated Order of Hoo-Hoo, -with
headquarters in Chicago. The highest
officer is called the "Snark of the Uni
verse," and the head officer In each
State Is called a vice regent snark. The
principle of the order is fun and non
cense. • -1 -^ ;
In Korea eighty officials,; each of whom embezzled
more than $iooo of public funds, have been sentenced
by the yEmperor to be beheaded. This is one of the
cases where a regret for the refinements of a more
merciful civilization might be justified.
Furthermore, Consuls have promoted our trade
interests by. giving advice as' to how , goods should
be packed for particular markets; how they should be, :
advertised and how commercial travelers can be best
employed in extending trade. 'Had the -information -
thus given been-more fully complied with our- trade
would have been even larger than it is. 'Mr. Hal
stead says: "American manufacturers/ have been'
averse to making their goods ; especially; for j the";
foreign. markets they sought, evidently \ thinking. that
if their styles suited. Americans foreigners should -be*
satisfied with them. Fortunately all this is changing/
A second important feature of consular work is the
warning given from time to time, of . the /appearance
in ony market of foreign imitations or frauds, upon
Amt-ican articles. These warnings have shown, for
example, "that Russians, in order, to procure a mar
ket for their own oil, have placed it in American tin
cans and sold it as a native product: It ; has !".* also
shown on several occasions how , our styles were
copied in Germany and how the imitations have been
foisted, upon the public as genuine . American "manu
factures." .
Among the services rendered by Consuls to com
merce a high rank is given to ¦ their reports upon the
conditions of the markets where they are stationed
and of the best means of promoting trade therein.
The information thus given is explicit and compre
hensive and enables our manufacturers and export
ers to fully understand the peculiarities and require
ments of the. different markets! -The value of the re
ports is shown by the fact that they are now more
sought after by trade interests, not of the United
States only but of other nations, than any other
similar publications in the world.
Mr. Halstead says: "Foreign officials arid 'business
interests already understand how great an aid to the
marvelous commercial expansion oPthe United States
the American Consuls have been. The facility with
which the average Consul adapts himself to his work
is there remarked, ' and surprise is expressed at the
unreasonable fault-finding of critics in the United
States. ' * * * The system is^ not perfect, but it is
far superior to any similar service in the world."
SO much has been said and written of late con
cerning the shortcomings 'of the American
consular system that it is gratifying to find in
the current number of the North American Review
a statement of the other side of the question. Under
the title, "A Neglected Factor in Our Commercial
Expansion," Albert Halstead presents a summary of
the work done by American Consuls and maintains
that to them is'due a large measure of credit for the
recent extraordinary expansion of our foreign trade.
The plea is strongly sustained and justifies the con
clusion that however defective the system of con
sular appointments may be, it has nevertheless
brought into the servicj an energetic corps of work
ers who merit much more commendation than they
receive. ; .
AMERICAN CONSULS.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The following
Californians were registered ; at the ho
tels: At the New Willard— W. W. Mor
row and wife of San Francisco, A. P.
Maginnis of Los Angeles; at the Raleigh
— J. H. Budd of Stockton, J. A. McDonald
and wife, John Robertson and wife of
San Francisco; at the Metropolitan— W.
H. Bough and M. \ L. "Woodham of Los
Angeles; at the National — George L. Sey
both and J. V. Young of San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
POSTOFFICE EXAMINATION—Read
er, Tomales, Marin County, Cal. The qual
ifications for letter carriers are: Age. 21
to 40; ability to pass a successful exam
ination In spelling 1 , arithmetic, letter-writ
ing, penmanship, copying from plain copy,
geography of the UnltedVStates and read
ing addresses. Those who desire to apply
for a position in San Francisco have to
file an application with the Civil Serves
Commission of the Postofflce Department
In that city. Due notice of the time and
place of examination Is sent to each ap
plicant.
It is said the demand for the printed testimony
given in the Schley hearing at Washington has been
so great that the Government will have to issue a
second edition; so it seems that a great many peo
ple in this country are still in doubt which side to
shout for.
BIG TREES-J. A. K., City. In the
Calaveras grove of big trees is "The
Mother of the Forest," 221 feet in height
and 90 feet in circumference. "The
F.-.ther of the Forest" (fallen) measures
11 J feet '.in circumference. There are a
number of the trees that are from 50 to
CO feet in circumference. In the Mari
posa grove one tree was found that
measures 60 feet, and in the grove near
Yisalia one was measured by the Geolog
ical Survey party, which reported the
measurement at 106 feet in circumfer
ence.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The following
Calif ornians are in. New York:
From San Francisco— G. W. Armsby, at
the Holland; P. A. Crump and wife and
S. Gerson, at the Broadway Central; A.
J. Dewing and wife, at the Bartholdl; "W.
A. Dundes and J. Hanagan, at the Cadil
lac; J. Flanagan and G. London, at the
Herald Square; R. J. Jose and wife, at
the Gllsey; A. Mack and wife and N. Sll
berberg, at the Savoy; Dr. T. .Masson, at
the Manhattan; C. B. McCroskey, at the
Grand; W. N. Ringross, at the New Am
sterdam; a/id E. T. Smith and wife, at
the Delevan. ...
From Sacramento — P. J. "Wolff, at the
Normandie.,
From San Diego— W. 0. Bowen, at the
Broadway Central.
Californians in New York.
To what extent the force should be increased can
be determined only by experts and after careful con
sideration. • Any intelligent citizen, however, can
readily perceive that a considerable increase is neces
sary. The people are desirous of economy in the es
timates for municipal expenditure, but not of that
kind which would leave the streets .dangerous to
wayfarers and the homes of the city exposed to bur
glary. An increased police force is, then, a necessity
of the situation and should be provided for when the
estimates are made up so that it can be attained with
the opening of the next fiscal year.
Such service is excessive and should not be re
quired of the force. It is apparent, however, that
with each succeeding year the same influences which
have drawn criminals to the city in the past will con
tinue to do so to an increasing degree unless it be
made known to the criminals that their arrest' here
will be speedy and their punishment prompt and se
vere.
Under the charter the city is authorized to main
tain a force equivalent to one policeman for every
500 inhabitants. At the present time the force is far
below that proportion. The result is that in the ef
fort to deal with the influx of criminals the officers
have been to a large extent overworked. In a recent
statement to The Call Chief Wittman in discussing
the situation said: "The patrolmen are on duty for
an excessive length cf time each day. Only yester
day I was compelled to add another hour to their
daily service. The men are now on duty ten hours
per day instead of eight."
We must meej the conditions caused by this influx
of thieves, footpads and burglars. We must recog
nize that among them are many who would as soon
commit murder as not We must confront the evils
that arise from the cosmopolitan nature of our popu
lation and the attractiveness of the climate and so
augment the forces of the law that the city will no
longer be attractive to lawbreakers of any kind. To
accomplish that a larger police force must be pro
vided, and provision should be made for it so that it
can be attained in the coming year.
Like every other community -in the world San
Francisco has to bear the evils that attend her ad
vantages. Being a cosmopolitan city she attracts the
vicious as well as the good from all parts of the
plobe. Having the finest winter climate in the world
she becomes the winter resort of criminals as well
as of men and women of culture. Holding the po
sition of the most important garrison town^on the
Pacific Coast, she has to receive not only the heroic
soldier but those unworthy ones who when dis
charged sink readily first to idleness and then to
crime. From all these sources the criminal classes of
the community are reciuited, and we have among us
a much larger and more dangerous population of that
sort than could be developed from among our own
people.
WHEN the estimates are made up for muni
cipal expenditures for the coming fiscal year
arrangements should be made for providing.
San Francisco with ii police force adequate to its
needs. The present force is insufficient. The men
are now serving in many parts of the city upon long
beats, and in every part of it they are serving long
hours. Their watchfulness and courage have been
amply attested, and yet crime is frequent antl the
criminal element of the population defies the law as
if it had little fear of arrest and punishment.
OUR POL.ICE FORCE.
ANTIQUE BRONZE— Subscriber. City.
Antique bronze is produced by the use of
the following solution: "Dissolve one
ounce of sal-ammoniac, three ounces of
cream tartar and six ounces of common
salt In a pint of hot water; then, add twu
ounces of nitrate of copper, dissolved In
a half-pint of water, and apply repeatedly
to the article, placed In a damp situation,
by means of a brush moistened with tho
solution. This produces a, very antique
effect." ' . . .
BLACKLEG IN CATTLE— B. B... Quell.
Los Angeles Co., California. Cattle af
fected with blackleg should be Wed and
treated with physic as soon aa it is dis
covered that the animal is affected. If
delayed, it la said that there 13 no cure.
The best thing to do is to care for cat
tle in such a manner that they will not
be affected with, the disease.
"Please," chattered Henry aa he peeped
cautiously out, "please don't call ma
•Hennery." "—Ohio State Journal.
"Coward!" said Mrs. Blithers contempt
uously to her husband, who cowered un
der the bedclothes because he thought ha
heard burglars downstairs. "You are th«
most chicken-hearted man I evej saw!"
"When we come to the big deepo," nar
rated Uncle Zeph, after his return home,
"the conductor hollered 'Chicago! All
out!' I dunno how it was with the other
passengers, but he was right as fur as I
was concerned. I was out $37 50 'fore I'd
ben thar two hours."
VHow*d that happen?"
"Feller tuk me to see the smashup in
the tunnel."— Chicago Tribune.
"I suppose he meant that they must
look out for hot air holes." — Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
"Yes. What did he mean by it?"
"Did you see the advice that David B.
Hill gave his party?"
"Yes. It was 'Skate s\ovr,' wasn't it?"
"This powder will be effective." replied
the physician after compounding a pre
scription.
"When do I take it, doctor?"
"You don't take it. You give it to the
cat in a little milk. 1 '— Tit-Bits. , j .
"Doctor," said he, i "I'm a victim of In
somnia. I can't sleep if there's the least
noise, such as a cat on the back fence, for
instance."
Hostess— You are looking at your own
reflection in the mirror, Mr. LJghtpayte.
Fweddy— Aw— you fiattah me, Mrs. Gree
able! '
Hostess— No; the mirror does that.—
"Washington Post.
Fweddy (slightly near-sighted)— Who —
aw — is that vewy stylish and fine-looking
man at the otheh end of the room, Mrs.
Greeable?
. Mrs. Pepprey — I suppose so. She thinks
it will tell her some of our family secrets.
—Philadelphia Press.
. Mr. Pepprey — For goodness sake!
What's to prevent us going on a vaca
tion?
Mrs. Pepprey— Well, there's the parrot.
We can't take it along-; — .
Mr. Pepprey— But Mrs. N*xdore says
she'll be glad to keep It for -us.
She— Just like a man! And there was 1
suffering agonies trying on that dress you
liked so much.— Life.
He— Ah! those days of our young love!
You remember that afternoon you prom
ised to meet me and didn't come? How I
raved!
Count, and Countess de la rTaille of
Tours, France, are at the Palace. The
Countess Is a native of Chicago and was
here about three years ago oh a short
visit. r - : . ;
E.'C. Macfarlane, a stockholder of the
Royal.' Hawaiian Hotel Company and a
grain merchant of Honolulu, .is a guest
at the California. .
James H. O'Brien,*, a well-known . con
tractor of this city, leaves to-day for an
extended tour of Southern California.
W. H. Devlin, an attorney of Sacramen
to, 13 down here on a short business trip
and is staying at the Lick. ' ¦
¦H. F. Small, master mechanic of the
Southern Pacific shops at Sacramento, is
a guest at the Palace. . ., ¦•
Dr. B. A. Plant, a prominent physician
of Santa Cruz, Is spending a few days at
the Grand. .
H. Brooks, an owner of several oil wells
near, Bakersfield, is a guest at the Palace.
' The Rev. Hugh McNamee of Santa Cruz
is a guest at the Lick.
V J.O. Hestwood, a mining man of -San
Jose, is at the Grand. . -
: D." C Demarest, a mining man of An
gels Camp, is registered at the Lick.
Sydney Clementson, a wealthy resident
of Boston, Is at the Palace with his wife.
? \ CHANCE 1O bMiLb
OF CHINESE PARENTS— Subscriber,
Fort Bragg, Mendocino County. Cal. A
man who was born in California of Chi
nese parents can,, when of voting age.
vote in this State. There are a number
of such on the register of San Francisco
who have exercised the right of suffrage
for several years. , -
BALLOON VARNISH— M. K., City. The i
following Is the method of making a flexi
ble varnish for balloons that will make
the sphere airtight or gastlght. "Dig3st
cold 1% ounces of lndlarubber, cut jmall.
In a pint of either chloroform, sulphuric
ether (washed) or bisulphuret of carbon.
This dries almost as soon as laid on."
MINISTER'S WOOING— A. O. S., City.
"The Minister's 'Wooing," by Mrs. Har
riet Beecher Stowe, waa not published be
fore "Uncle Tom's Cabin." The last
named was commenced as a serial story
in the National Era In 1851. and the first
named was published in 1S53.
WIT.H the new year in Britain begins the issue of the stamps of the new
reign. The penny; (two cent), which will become the most familiar, is a
bright red, the authorities having gone back to the old color. King Ed
ward VII's head takes the place of Victoria's, whose portrait figured
-on the national stamp for more than sixty years, penny postage dating
from January 10, 1840. For the greater part of her reign the Queen was represent
ed by the single portrait taken in her youth. Opinions differ as to the design for
the face of King Edward, and some find difficulty in recognizing the likeness. The
present issue of stamps includes the half-penny (green), the 2% pence (blue), used
especially for foreign countries, and the sixpenny (purple), 'all having the same
design, except that the 2^-pence stamp bears Its denomination in figures.
PERSONAL iWENTiO*.
The figures show a mineral output in excess of
that of any other nation, and estimates made by Brit
ish authorities confirm them. Thus the London Daily
Mail Year Book puts the pig iron output of 1900 at:
United States," 13,789,242 tons; United Kingdom,
8,908,570 tons; Germany, 8,494,852 tons; Russia,
2.821,600 tons;. France, 2,699,494 tons. In 1900 the
United States' total output. of coal was 245,422,000
(metric) tons; that of the United Kingdom, 225,161,
coo tons; Germany, 109,225,000 tons; Frarice, 32,577,
000 tons, and Belgium, 23,352,000 tons. As to petro
leum, while the Russian figures of last year slightly
exceeded- those of the United States, it' is probable
that the enormous total of 66,000,000. barrels, estimate
for the* year 1901, places the,.United States in.the lead
in the production of that article, "these figures show
ing an increase of 110,000,000 gallons as compared
with 1900. . . ¦'.-
That.is ; the showing American miners arctnaking
for their industry/ and it "is upon that they ask for
the establishment of a Department of Mines and
Mining with a Cabinet officer at its head. It cannot
be denied that the interests involved are large enough
to justify such recognition on the part of the Govern
ment.. There is nothing. sectional about the indus
try. It is well nigh as universal as agriculture itself,
as there is hardly any considerable part of the Union
that has not an extensive mineral interest of one kind
or another. Sooner or later a Department of Mines
will be created, for the genuine needs of the country
demand it, and the sooner it is provided the better.
The estimates -of, the Mint Bureau put the gold
production ; of 1901 $80,218,800, against $79,171,000
in, 1900/ They; put the silver production of 1901 at
59,653,788 ¦ ounces, against 57,647,000 ounces in iooo.
The pig iron production is estimated at 15,800,000
long tons, against 13,789,242. long tons in 1900. The
coal production is estimated at, 267,850,000 long tons,
against 240,965,917 long tons in 1900. Of petroleum
the production is estimated at 66,000,000 barrels, or
2,772,000,000 gallons, against. 2,661, 233,568 gallons in
1900. /'Of copper the production is estimated at 595,
000,000 pounds, 265,625 long tons, or about 5000 tons
below the figures of 1900, copper thus being the only
item in the entire list which shows for 1901 a smaller
figure of production than that of last year.'
ESTIMATES of the mineral products of the
United States, just issued by^ the Treasury Bu
reau of 'Statistics, indicate that" the' output : will
exceed .in almost every 'particular that of last year,
arid in nearly: every case those of any other country.
.They will show "that we are the, foremost mining na
tion in the' world' arid that the industry 'is advancing
as rapidly as- that of^ any. other carried on by our
people.;; \ '¦:¦¦.'¦¦.¦¦.¦['''". -'¦:.'¦ ,-".'•. -¦ '• '.' ' v - :" r
OUR. MINING INDUSTRIES.,
PITCAIRN ISLANI>-D. W., Oakland.
Cal. The island in the Pacific Ocean
known as Pitcairn was discovered by Fit
cairn in 1768, was seen by Cook in 1773 and
was colonized by the mutineers from
the Bounty in 1789.
SCOUTS— J. G. M., City. Th© United
States statutes do not contain any law
authorizing the payment of pensions to
civilians who were employed as scouts
and guides during Indian wars.
HARRISON— E. G. S.. LJvercnore. Cal.
Carter Harrison, who was Mayor of Chi
cago, 111., was born July 15, 1825. and was
assassinated October 29. 1893. by Patrick
Eugene John Prendegast.
Senator Allison, 'who has just been elected ' for the
sixth time to the United States" Senate, has a good
chance of holding.the for length of service in
that, body. . . Benton : was there for thirty years, . and
Morrill of Vermont for thirty-one, but Allison has a
chance to put in thirty-six years and will , doubtless
accomplish it; V; . .
BICYCLE ROAD—Cub.. City. The main
thoroughfare of Antioch is called a bicy
cle road. It leads to county roads in
different directions, which are also called
bicycle roads.
AGE— J. G. M.; City. The question aa
to how old you were on a certain day at
a certain hour is one of simple arithme
tic, questions which this department does
not answer.
TWO-CENT PIECE— C. N. K., City. A
two-cent piece of 1871 is not classed by
dealers as a premium commanding: coin.
LIBRARY— J. J. R.. Eureka. Humboldt
Co., California. There 13 no record at
this time of. "Hart's Magical Library."
A DIME— Old Subscriber. Oakland. Cal.
A dime of 1SD4 with the mint mark O Is
worth ten cents, no more.
"II. TROVATORE"— Music, City. "H
Trovatore," by Verdi, was written In 1333.
We fear that the editor of the Tribune is too in
terested in the gevvgawry of his attire to be worn at
the coronation of Edward VII to look after the logic
of his Writers or the principles of his paper.
Spain was the sovereign of Cuba; we are not.
If Spain visited industrial distress upon^ the Cubans
she misused and abused her sovereign power, as we
will abuse ours if we visit distress upon American
agriculture to make the Cuban planters rich in one
season. We have no right nor power to do anything
for Cuba except keep our promise of her indepen
dence; withdraw our troops, bring home the various
generals" who oscillate between Havana and Wash
ington ij> the interest of speculators who have paid
from $2, to $10 per acre for plantations which they
wish made worth $260 per acre at the expense of the
American people, and let the pampered paupers of
Cuba spend their $30,000,000 a year where they please.
The reader will observe that the logician of the
Tribune informs us that unless Cuba gets free .trade
with us in the next two months "prostration and
distress in the island will continue and be so inten
sified" that the Cubans will be able to spend $30,000,
000 in Europe next year! This alarming condition of
poverty; which will enable a larger per capita expen
diture for foreign goods than the people of the
United ' States indulge in, "will also gravely" imperil
the peace of the island and change Cuban sentiment
toward. this country. If we condemn the Cubans to
the same evils as those they suffered under Spanish
rule it will be only natural for them to regard us with
distrust and animosity."
Greeley founded the Tribune as an organ of pro
tection, and was the author of the policy of giving
agriculture an interest in" that economic system.
Greeley was also a man of strong common sense, who
never wrote rot. Fancy, then, how he would take
this choice bit of special pleading from the Tribune:
"Cuba, prostrated by war, is just getting upon her
feet again. The. first good crop of sugar cane in seven
years has been produced and is ready for milling; if
it is. milled and the sugar is sold a large measure of
prosperity will be restored to the. islands; if not,
prostration and distress will continue and in many
cases be intensified. But the cane cannot be ground
unless a market is found fqr the sugar, and the only
market possible is in this country. This market must
be opened by reciprocity, and. this; must be done
within the next month or two, otherwise the relief
will come too late. A year's delay will, mean the
spending" of $20,000,000 or $30,000,000 of Cuban
money in Europe, all of which under' reciprocity
would come to the United States. There are. other
dangers even more serious. Another year of indus-'
trial and commercial stagnation ' will gravely imperil
the peace of the island. Industrial and commercial
grievances were the cause of the Cuban revolts •
against Spain. There is the peril of a change of Cu
ban sentiment toward this country. If we condemn
the Cubans to the same evils as those they suffered
under Spanish rule it will be only natural for them to .
regard us with distrust and animosity. In order that
our waf with Spain shall not have been fought" in
vain reciprocity with Cuba ought to be established,
arid ought to be established now." , s ;
rpHE' New York Tribune ,has taken command
I --of- the -newspaper propaganda of free trade in
;.* behalf of the Cuban junta. Its' arguments are
enough to. make the disembodied spirit of Horace
Greeley wake the celestial echoes with that pictur
esque profanity which usedto melt the type metal in
the Tribune composing rooms when an unlucky
printer mutilated his editorial by a typographical
error. ¦
A JUNTA ORGAN.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
While conceding the' r justness; of this plea for the
consular service as it is, tHe commercial interests of
the country will none the less remain firm in .the con
viction^ that reform is necessary in the system under
which it, operates. f , All .that is proven by Mr. Hal
stead's argument is that we obtain in the service
many.able and energetic men, despite its subservience
to the "spoils of politics. There has never been any
dispute upon that proposition, though, the fact has
often been overlooked by zealous reformers." The
adoption of . the consular bill before Congress
would not in any way interfere with the good men
now in office. . It would have no other effect than
that of. making their, tenure more secure and provid
ing for ;them 'a better system of promotion. -In
short;' the 'service, 'while 'excellent in many ways, is
defective in some things, arid the airri of the reform
ers is to eliminate the defects.
thanks to the constant teaching of "our Consuls;- arid
our manufacturers are learning to take pains to cul
tivate foreign | t/ade * by conforming to' foreign
tastes.";/-.- • V '.";¦•. . ' ' ' , \» / -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1902.
NEW STAMP DOES NOT
FLATTER KING EDWARD
KING'S PROFILE ON NEW POSTAGE STAMP AND A RECENT PHOTO
GRAPH. THE STAMPS JUST ISSUED SHOW THE FIRST CHANGE
IN SOVEREIGN'S EFFIGY IN SIXTY-TWO YEARS.
TUESDAY JANUARY 28/1902
•JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Adiren All Commanicitions to W. S. LEAKE, Kiniger. ..
JIAAACEIl'S OFFICE .Telephone PreM 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Market and Third, S. P.
Telephone Presa 201. - •' v
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Week.
. Stngrle Copleii, 5 Cents.
Ternm by Mall. Including Postages |
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year. $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months.............. 3.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65e
SUNDAY CALL. One Year ". 'l.6O
WEEKLY CALL, Oae Year 1.00
>A11 postmaster* are authorized to receive
snbscrlptlonn. ¦¦ •
Sample cosies -will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering: - change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.. .......1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROO'ESS.
Kuigtr Foreign Advertising, Mirqcett* Building. CMc»go.
(Lour Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAIILTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building?
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray BUI Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O." News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
¦WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., If. W.
MOBTO.V E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o"cloclc 300 Hayes, open until *9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22BI
llarkct, ccrntr Sixteenth, open vntil 0 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "The Princess Chic"
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Oi>cra-hou«e^"Zorah.**
California — "Ole Olson."
Tivoli — "The Ameer."
Central — "A Man of Mystery."
Alcazar — "Coralie & Co."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — VaudevUle every •afternoon and
¦ ¦mi In g
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. .
By J. J. Doyle — Wednesday, January 29, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at 327 Elxth Etreet-
By Wm. G. Layng — Thursday, January 30, at 11 o'clock,
Palo Alto Brood Mares, at .721 Howard street.
By W H Hord — Tuesday, February 4, at 10 o'clock. Thor-
oughbred and Trotting Stock, at 1732 Market street.
AUCTION SALES.LIVERPOOL — Arrived Jan 27 — Stmr Etru
rla, from New York. ' <'.",' yi-''\
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— In port Jan 7— Br ship
Balclutba, for San Francisco; Br .ship Corun
na. for San Francisco: schr King Cyrus, for
Honolulu; ship Star of Italy, for San Fran
cisco; ship St Francis, for San Francisco.
¦ Sailed Dec 18— Ship Mary L Cushing, for
Honolulu. Dec 20 — Br ship Benlarlgr, for San
Francisco. Dec 21 — Schr Metha Nelson.' for
Mahukona. Dec 23 — Ship Yosemite, for Guay
mas; sUp Luzon, for Manila. Dec 29 — F*r bark
Reine Blanche, for San 'Francisco; Br- ship
Crocodile, for San Francisco.
I HONGKONG— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Peru, for
San Franciscp.
MANILA— Arrived Jan 27 — U S stmr Sheri
dan, herce Jan 1.
- SYDNEY — Arrived Dec 21 — Schr Olsa, from
Eureka. Jan 26 — Bktn Georgina, from Eureka.
SALINA CRUZ— Arrived Jan 27— Schr David
Evans, from Eureka; achr Salvator, from Ev-
COR1NTO — Sailed Jan 27 — Ger stmr Luxor,
for San Francisco.
GUATEMALA — Sailed Jan 24 — Chil stmr
Tucapel. for San Francisco, and sailed Jan
27 from Acapulco for San Francisco.
MELBOURNE — Arrived Jan 26 — Bark Ore
gon, hence Nov 8.
SHARPNESS— Arrived Jan 23— Fr bark
Montebcllo, hence Sent 12.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Sailed Jan 12— Schr O M KellOK*. for Bal
lard; srhr W K Witzemann. for Port Town-
Bend. Jan 14— Schr Otillle Fjord, for Ballard.
Jan 13— Schr Defender, for Port Townsend.
MAHUKONA— Sailed Jan 15— Brig Galilee,
for San Francisco. •
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 15— Ger bark Ag
nes, from Hamburg; shi.u Tillie E Starbuck.
hence Dec 29. Jan 17— Stmr Hyades. hence
Jan 8; stmr Hawaiian, hence Jan 8; schr Inca,
from Newcastle, Aus. Jan 18 — Br stmr Aoran
gi, from Victoria; stmr City of Peklnsr, hence
Jan 11. Jan 19 — Stmr China, from Yokohama:
U S stmr Mohican, from cruise.
Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Eureka, for Kahului : Br
stnir Moana, for Victoria: ship Benjamin
Sewall. for Fremantle: schr A B Johnson, for
Port Townsend. Jan 16 — Schr Aloha, for Port
Townsend; Br shiD Langdale. for San Fran
cisco; ship Reuce, for. Port Townsend. Jan 18
— Br stmr Aorangi, for Sydney. Jan 10 — Stmr
City of Peking, for Yokohama. Jan 20$— Bark
Gerard C Tobey, for San Francisco: schr Chas
Levl Woodbury, for Hllo; ship S D Carleton,
for Tacoma. . ¦ •
KAHULUI^-Arrived Jan 13 — Schr James
Rolph, from Newcastle. Aus, Jan 16 — Strrr
Eureka, from Honolulu. "
Patle.1 Jan 1&— Schr Stanley, for Hana.
HILO— Arrived Jan 13 — Bark Ceylon, from
Horol-jli:. - v
ISLAND PORTS.
Sailed Jan 27 — Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
TO SAIL.
Her Anchor Saved Her.
John Hyslop, the lookout in charge of
the Merchants' Exchange station at Point
Lobos, watched the schooner •Western
Home all through her perilous experience
of Sunday afternoon among the break
ers of the Potato Patch. He says the
only thing that saved the vessel from
destruction was the good judgment of the
The British warship Phaeton left the
harbor yesterday to resume her search
for the missing Condor. Neither the
China nor the Sierra brought any news
of the sloop of war. for whose safety but
little hope is now entertained. The Phae
ton will proceed In the direction of Ho
nolulu, taking as nearly as possible the
course that would have been taken by a
vessel of the Condor's class under sail.
Captain Fleet has little hope for a suc
cessful issue of his search.
Phaeton Resumes Search.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's new steamship Spokane was given
her builder's trial yesterday and proved
in every way very satisfactory. She went
out about 9 o'clock and cruised around
while her compasses were being adjusted,
an operation which took until 2 o'clock.
She was then given a few spins over the
measured mile and developed an average
speed of fourteen and three-fourths knots.
Her fastest mile was made in 3:45. Cap
tain Thomas Wallace, who was in com
mand, expressed himself as well pleased
with the new boat. She will be given her
official trial trip on Thursday and will
sail on Sunday with passengers for San
Diego.
- /
Spokane Gives Satisfaction.
From China and Japan — Miss Mary Barker,
Captain and Mrs. F. A. Blake, Mrs. Leon
Brock, Rev. Charles S. Buchanan, D. A. Cam
eron. Mrs. F. D. Carroll. H. J. Gosliner. J.
Hindekopin. John Jager, Fung Nam Pak,
Anna M. Sawyer, E. J. Schmitz, Surgeon L.
W. Spratlin*. IT. S. N. : Kev. H. C. Stuntz,"
Mrs. E. Sutch. Captain P. F. Vararra, L. "W.
"Winton. Mr. and Mrs. R. R. Wolf.
Honolulu — A. Caro, W, Fisher, Mr. and Mrs
W. F. Howard. B. H. Holly, Miss C. E. Holly.
W. H. Hoocs, E. R. King, Mr. Lehmann, J.
A. Mariner. P. A. Perry. George Rodock. R.
P. Spaldiner. Mrs. Sherwood, Miss R. A. Tur
ner, Josesh Wakefleld.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company's
China arrived yesterday from the Orient.
She left Honolulu a day earlier than the
Sierra, but reached her dock here about
the same time. She brought the following
cabin passengers:
China Arrives From Orient.
From Honolulu — J. Hyman, C. W. Seaward,
Captain Sodergreen, Mrs. S. Casey. Miss T. P.
Casey, H. G. Strong and wife, Mr. Tucker and
wife, Miss B. H. Church, E. O. Ensign, Mr.
Howard, J. D. Young, . Mrs. G. P. Lanlnger,
F. J. Owens, E. C. Peters, S. T. Alexander,
William Burd. C. P. Baughman, Miss Jones,
Miss Dennis, W. D. Ross, H. C. Peckham. Miss
E. A. Peckham. J. C. Harvey. A. M. Sewall.
Miss A. Smith, E. C. Macfarlane, Miss C. Cro
nin, M. Greer and R. Grogan. -
From Sydney, Auckland and Pago 1 Pago —
Miss Judith Adams. Mrs. C. Harvey, Henry
Lenquick. Henry Marquist. M. Wood, Sidney
Clementson. Mrs. Sidney Clementson. Comte
de la Taille. Comtesse de la Tallle. Mies V.
Goldstein, C. Prodgers, A. Mervale. Mrs. J.
Telarge, Miss A. L.. Folger, George Wrlde,
Mrs. B. E. Guthridge, Miss Vera Guthridge,
James Collins, W. H. Blakeley, W. H. Full
wood, Miss Maud Sellers, J. A. Haslett. Wil
liam Green, -Sir Thomas Fitzgerald. Miss K.
Fitzgerald. Miss C. Fitzgerald, J. W. Turner,
Mrs. Netta Har% Mr. and Mrs. Max Freed and
four children, L. McKelvie, E. H. M. Lucock,
Miss M. L. Haslett and Mme. Vander Veer
Green.
Lieutenant Frederick A. Whitehead, ex
ecutive . officer of the British gunboat
Phaeton, boarded the Sierra shortly after
she docked, only to learn from Captain
Houdlette that no news had been received
in Honolulu of the missing Condor. The
Sierra brought the following cabin pas
sengers: . ¦
THE Oceanic~Steamshlp Company's
Sierra- arrived yesterda'y from the
Antipodes' with a full cargo,
sixty-five cabin passengers and a
large number of passengers In the
second cabin and steerage. The Sierra
made a fast trip from Honolulu, her time
from port to port being five days and four
teen* hours. She maintained schedule
time throughout the long voyage in spite
of being almost stopped for six hours be
tween Auckland and Sydney during a
heavy storm. *
PORTLAND— Arrived Jan 27— Bark Bossuet.
from Antwerp; bark Windsbrant, from" Val
paraiso; stmr Charles Nelson, from San Fran
cisco.. ; . ¦ .' ¦ \ '
PORT ANGELES— Sailed Jan 27— Schr. Me
teor, -for San Pedro; bktn John Smith, for San
Pedro. ¦ : ':
BANDON. Or — Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Argo.
for Sp.n Francisco. -
Sailed Jan 27 — Br ships Wendur and Glen
lul, for Queenstown ;• schr Wing and Wing, for
Siuslaw River. - . *
Sailed Jan 27 — Br ship Loudon . Hill, for
Queenstown; stmr Tacoma, for Hongkong and
Yokohama.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Charles
Nelaon, hence Jan 22. • « . ¦
Arrived 1 Jan 27 — Br rhip Celtic Queen, from
Iquique; Fr.bark La Fontaine, from Astoria.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrived Jan 2S-Bark
Tidal Wave, hence Jan 11.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jan 27— Schr Nov
elty, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skayway. - - •
Sailed Jan 26— Stmr J S Kimball, for San
Francisco. > -V-V.i
Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Pak Ling, from the
Orient; U S etmr Manzanita, from Astoria 5
Sailed Jan 27 — U S stmr Columbine, for As
toria; etmr Farallon, for Skagway.
- NEAH BAY — Passed outward Jan 25 Br
ship Euphrates, for. United Kingdom; Br ship
Northern Monarch, for United Kingdom; stmr
Mineola, from Nanaimo, for Port Los Angeles.
Passed inward Jan 27— Bark Falkirk. from
Astoria, for Tacoma. - -- -• '
EOWENS LANDING — Arrived Jan 26 — Stmr
Luella, from — — . .
TACOMA — Arrived Jan 27 — Schr J M
Weatherwax. hence Jan 11. •
DOMESTIC * PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 27, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per stmr China— Jan 24, lat 33 N. Ion 137 40
w, Br shlp.Rahane, from Newcastle, Aus. fof
San Francisco. >
SPOKEN.
' i, • , Monday, January 27.
-, Stmr. Pomona, Shea. 1 Eureka. •
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. Eureka.
Stmr Aberdeen, Higgins, San Pedro.
Stmr Navarro, Devitt, Bowerus Landing.
Stmr Brunswick, Dcttmers, Eureka.
4 Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Eureka, ¦
i H b M.stmr Phaeton, cruise, in search of H
B M stmr Condor.
Ship Emily F Whitney. Brigman. Makawell.
via Honolulu. . . .
Schr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Monday, January 27.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co . •¦
Ship Emily f Whitney, Brigman. Makawell.
via Honolulu; Alexander & Baldwin. -
Girvin Sh & ) Eyr2 th£Sllea> ' Manson> Queenstown ;
t^ B £ J? ark invercauld. Jackson, Queenstown;
ii«^<- Evans. ' . .. - - ' -
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 4 days from As
toria. •
Schr Free Trade. Ferguson. 7 days from
_ r Schr. Queen. Nielsen. G& days from Grays
Harbor.
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings ot the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean ot
the lower low waters.
Steamer- Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
SCHOONER WESTERN HOME IN THE BREAKERS OF THE POTATO
PATCH, OVER WHICH SHE DRIFTED ON SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
WHEN SHE NARROWLY ESCAPED DESTRUCTION. . - ' V
J. J. Edminster, alias Edward Edmins
ster, the Mission burglar, appeared in
Judge Mogan'a court yesterday for pre
liminary examination on eight charges
of burglary. At the request of the prose
cution the cases were continued till to
morrow, as Edminster, it Is understood,
is making as much restitution as possi
ble.
Mission Burglar in Court.
The prosecution does not expect to be
able to convict Mrs. Balr on the Joint
charge, but claims that .; it has an Im
pregnable case on the single chargs
against her of passing the counterfeit
dollars. .The secret service agents have
several counterfeit dollars passed by Mrs.
Balr In this city, which they obtained
from the victims immediately after shs
had passed the bad money on them.
No testimony was produced Incriminat
ing'' Mrs. Bair on the joint charge and
Judge Heacock took her case under ad
visement. .Bair was held to answer bt
fore the Federal Grand Jury with batl
fixed at' $3000.
Tho preliminary examination of TTlys9«i
G. Bair and Mrs. Kat.e Balr on a joint
complaint of miking and passing coun
terfeit dollars was held yesterday before
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock. Bert Schlesinger • appeared for t ha
defendants and Duncan E. McKlnlay for
the Government. United States Secret
Service Agents George W. Hazen and
Harry Moffltt testified on behalf of th*
prosecution as to the finding of the coun
terfeiting tools in the Bair residence at
Fruitvale and as to Bair's confession of.
his own guilt.
ed for Making Excellent Imita
tions of Good Dollars.
Fruitvale Counterfeiter to Ba Indict-
BATE HELD TO ANSWER .
BEFORE GRAND JTTRY
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse. from New York.
HAMBURG— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Patricia,
for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed Jan 25 — Stmr Breslau. for
New York, via Southampton. ;
5 NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Mlnne
haha, from London. .
MUROKAN — Arrived Jan 25 — Stmr Forertc, E
from Portland. Or. for Manila. -
MANILA — Arrived Jan 26 — Stmr Oscano.
from Tacoma.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
ihe city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Poinf
fhe height of tide la the same at both places!
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun,' Moon and Tide-
Notice is hereby given, that Rogue River
Reef buoy, f a black, first class can, marked
"R. R,," has gone adrift from its station
distant three-eighths of a mile SW by S. from
the S. break on the reef. . It will be replaced
as early as practicable.
, This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1902, page 39.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY.
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
ROGUE RIVER REEF— COAST OF OREGON.
Notice to l^ariners.
53,445 lbemalt, 26 cs arms and ammunition
1790 lbs beans, 2 cs wine, 50 tins matches,
5610 lbs dried fruit, 470 lbs nuts, 75 bxs paste
1730 lbs beans, 183-1 lbs yellow metal, 28 pkgs
hardware. 38 pkgs groceries and provisions 20
pkgs lead. 101 bdls steel and iron, 35 cs'as
sorted canned goods, 3000 lbs bread 1400 lbu
milistuffs, 602 lbe leaf tobacco, 300 Ib3 choco
late, 30.000 lbs salt, 120 lbs potash, 17 cs drugs
24 cyls gas, 607 bxs fresh fruit, 33 pkgs frebh
vegstables, 50 cs eggs, 186 lbs hops.
The steamer also carried 750 cs canned salmon
en route to Detroit, Mich.," valued at $3000
and 24 pkgs printing ink. valued at $344 en
route to Brisbane, Australia.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed Sunday
for Victoria with , an assorted merchandise
cargo for the principal British Columbian ports
valued at $9209. The cargo included the fol
lowing merchandise and produce: '
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The British ship Penthesilea was also cleared
yesterday for the same port with 53,295 ctla
barley, valued at $50,030, and 15,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $200.
The British bark Invercauld was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 52,870
ctls wheat, valued at $56,9S9, and 19,000 ft
lumber a3 dunnage, valued at $285.
Shipments of Grain.
The British ship Loch Garve is chartered fort
wheat from Portland to Europe at 29s, and the
British ship Robert Duncan wheat > from Ta
coma to Europe at 30s.
Shipping' Merchants.
Katters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The ferry-boat Amador will be put on
the Sausalito run to-day in place of the
James M. Donahue.
Amador to Replace Donahue.
The British tramp steamship Willow
dene will probably sail to-day for Fiji.
The 650 mules which she carries in the
two-story barn built on her decks weigh
a little more than 350 tons. They are all
young, healthy animals, and those Inter
ested in the venture are very sanguine
of a successful outcome of the experi
ment.- If these'.mules arrive in anything
like good condition other shipments will
follow. .
"Willowdene to Sail To-Day.
C. B. Parker and wife. John "Worth, J. A.
Worden. A. Wendt, F. M. Wilson. J. D. An
derson, wife and child; W. A. Vollmer. E. A.
Rickard. F. E. Milsted, R. D. Morris, Miss M.
Stocking, Antonio Rivera iind Juan Maxe
rnin Jr.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao arrived late yesterday afternoon,
ten days from Guaymas and two days'
from Ensenada. She had among her pas
sengers a number of British Columbia
mining men who had made the round
trip with her. She brought a cargo val
ued at $750,000, which includes a large
shipment of silver from the Mexican
mines. Her cabin passengers .were:
Curacao Brings Valuable Cargo.
skipper in coming to anchor, which he
was forced to do right in the midst of
the breakers. As it was, her escape, Hys
!op says, was a miracle.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 23.
Sun rises '..... ..: ; . . . .7:18
Sun' sets !!5*28
Moon rlsea 10:30 p. ra
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in 'the • left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time* the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
- Monday, January 27.* : '
Stnir Brunswick, DettmSrs.- 27 hours, from
Stmr China.' Friel, 27 daya from Hongkong,
via Yokohama • 17. days, . via Honolulu * tS
days 9& ¦ hours.V • -¦¦¦¦¦ -_ ¦ .'.. •
, Stinr Queen,' ,l Thomas, Si hours A'lc
°Stmr Sierra! 1 Houdletts, 20 days 10 hours! 40
minutes from. Sydney, via Honolulu, 5 daya 1-1
hours i 40 ¦ minutes. - ¦ ¦:..:. . - :' \ . ¦¦-- • ¦. r
- Stmr *, Newsboy, ;> Johannsen, 28 hours from
¦•- S'mr* Aberdeen,; Higgins,- 24 hours from-Eu
reka;bound to San_ Pedro; Iput In to land pas
¦ Stmr Curacao,' Paulsen,' 10 days from Guay
mas. via Ensenada 51 ' hours.-'- -,* .~ -; ¦•••:.-.;*• = -
v .Br stmr Kirkdale, Gibson, 51 days from Cal
cutta: ¦¦¦¦'-'¦ -¦•'•'.'''.'¦->¦ ¦•"¦ • • • *>.¦¦¦.• . ' •' :l iy.r :¦
-.¦;Fr bark Moliere. . Ancelln, 4 days from {As
toria. \ ¦¦'%• "• -• ¦. ...'¦ ;.C- . • l< .-'
'>•¦•• Schr ; Reporter, Hansen, 6 days • from - Grays
Harbor." ', V-*; ","-"'-'", ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. r N.. Mer
chants' i Exchange. San .- Francisco. Cal.,
January 27, 1902. ...
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped ." exactly at noon to-day,
1 ie. at noon of the 120th meridian. > or at . 8
d rn Greenwich , mean time. •.¦••¦ '¦>¦..-.¦,¦¦
' . '" W. H. STANDLEY, V '
. Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in charge.
Time:, Sail.
¦ . . ¦ ¦ - - - ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL TCTESOA Y, JANUARY 'J 8,; 1 JK>2.
7
First-Named Vessel Makes Fast Trip From Honolulu, Maintaining Schedule
Throughout Whole Run Despite Adverse Weather, a
Same Time as Rival, Though She Left a Day Latei^-No Newsof Gondqii
SIERRA AND CHINA REACH PORT
FROM ANTIPODES AND ORIENT
O Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. rt*
? H , W L W HW . . L • W ?
28~ 2:59 5.4 8:66 2.0 2:68 "Ti$ 8-46 1.3
29 8:42 6.3 10:00 . 1.0 4:01 4.0 9:33 i's
30 4:2« 6.2 10:6» 1.8 5:13 S.7 10-20 23
31 5:14 5.112:03 1.5 6:33 3.5 11 : l5 27
1 6:00' 5.0 1:00 1.2 7:50 36. '
• L W H W , tL W ¦ . H*W"""
2 0:10 2.9 0:50 5.0]l:50 OR S-54 3«
3 .1:06 3.0 7:35 5.0 2:35 0.5 9-44 40
4 1:58 2:9 8:18 5.1 3:14 0.2 10:25 43
fcteamer.
Area t a j..
Argo .".
jiuinler
San Pedro....
J. S. Klmball
Denderah. . . .
Nome City...
Iaqua
Crescent City
Columbia. . . .
b»nia Kuan. .
Pt. Arena....
Pomona......
Aztec
Empire .'
Newburg. ...
Chehalis......
Pleiades.....
Washtenaw..
Mackinaw...
City Sydney..
bonlla.
Leelanaw.. ..
Eureka
Umatllla. . . . .
Tucapel...:..
NorthFork..'
R. Dollar. . E .
M. Dollar
Coronado. . . .
C. Nelson....
Mandalay....
Rival
State Cal
G.- Dollar. . . .
<}. W. Elrterr
Coos Bay....
Czarina......
Santa Ana...
City Puebla/.
Spokane. . .. .
| _ From. , Uu«. -
Coos Bay & Pt. Oxford.) Jan. 2S
Coquille River . - v rv ¦.". . .IJan. SS
Seattle & N. :\Vhatcom.|Jan. 2a
Grays Harbor .........|Jan. 29
Seattle & Tacoma ...... Jan. 2*J
Seattle ............ Jan. 29
San Pedro Jan. 29
jHumboldt .....Jan. 20
Crescent City Jan. 30
Portland & Astoria ju.i.'JU
San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 30
Point Arena Jan. 30
Humboldt .. ........ Jan. 30
Tacoma Jan. 30
Coos Bay Jan. 30
Grays Harbor Jan. 30
Grays Harbor Jan. 30
Seattle Jan. 30
Tacoma Jan. 31
Tacoma ....... ....'. Jan. 31
Panama & Way Ports. . Jan. 31
Newport • & ¦ Way Ports. Jan." 31
New.Yrrk via Panama. |.Ian. 31
Humboldt ipeb 1
Puget Sound Ports jpW 1
Valparaiso & Way Ports. Feb. 1
Humboldt Feb 1
Seattle & Hadlock ...... Feb" 3
San Pedro p e b 2
Grays Harbor Feb 2
Portland & Astoria Feb 2
Coqullle River ......... Feb 2
Wlllapa Harbor ......... Feb 2
San Diego & Way Ports. Feb! 2
Grays Harbor Feb 3
Portland & Astoria ... Fob* 1
Newport & Way Porta. Feb. 4
Seattle & Tacoma . . Feb 5
Seattle & Tacoma . Feb 5
Puget Sound Ports . Feb. <;
San Diego & Way Pts. . . Feb. 6
bleamer. j
Destination.
! bails.
P!«r;
Phoenix. . .
Argo
City Para..
O. Elder...
January 28. ' J-'
Mendocino City .... 3 ptn|Pierl3
Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Panama & Way Pts. 12 miPMSS
Astoria & Portland. H am Pier 24
January 29.
Coos B. & Pt. Orford. 12 m Pier 13
N.-.Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Kan Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
January 30. • .
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier —
Los Angelas Ports.. 3 pm Pier 3
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier II
China & Japan l p m PMSS
, January. 31. .• . >¦.••:¦'
Coos Bay . . 12 m Pier 13
Hamburg & Way Pts ...... Tier 34
Pueet Sound Ports.. 11 amiPier 0
February 1. . |
Humboldt ....... ...il:30 r> Pt*r f>
Point Arena | 2 pmlPier 2
Seattle & N. What.. S pmjPler 2
February 2. | | . - .
Astoria A l'ortland.ill am'Pler2»
Seattle i & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
San Diego & AV'ay.. 0 am Pier 11
Febrnary 3. i.%.
Newport & Way. ... 9am Pier 11
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
February 4. | ¦¦ • . .., ¦> ¦ .
Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
February 5. , .:
Puget Sound. Ports.. 11 am Pier 0
CoquillelKIver ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Willapa Harbor .... 5pm Pier 2
. February 6. : ;? . ;•
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 1 2
Hamburg & AVay Pts Pier 34
Valparaiso & Way..|12 m Pier 10
Sydney & Way rts..|10am Pier: 7
Arcata. . . .
Argyll.....
Eur«:l;a . . . .
State Cal..
Sequoia. .:.
Chehalls...
Nome City.
Coos Bay..
H. K. Maru
Empire....
Nicaria....
Queen
l'orr"na. . .
Pt. Arena..
Rainier....
Columbia..
J. Kimball.
Spokane...
Bonita.....
Newburg.'.
North Fork
Umatilla..
Mandalay.
Rival......
G. Dollar..
Denderah..
Tucapel . . .
Sierra.....
Etee.mer.
"or.
I Sail*.
Dolphin. .....
Cottage City.
Dirigo
Bertha.......
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan.' 29
Skagway.ft Way Ports. I Jan. 30
Skagrway & Way Ports. iFeb. * 5
Valdez & WayPorts.. .|Feb. 7
fcteamer.
Area t a j..
Argo .".
jiuinler
San Pedro....
J. S. Klmball
Denderah. . . .
Nome City...
Iaqua
Crescent City
Columbia. . . .
b»nia Kuan. .
Pt. Arena....
Pomona......
Aztec
Empire .'
Newburg. ...
Chehalis......
Pleiades.....
Washtenaw..
Mackinaw...
City Sydney..
bonlla.
Leelanaw.. ..
Eureka
Umatllla. . . . .
Tucapel...:..
NorthFork..'
R. Dollar. . E .
M. Dollar
Coronado. . . .
C. Nelson....
Mandalay....
Rival
State Cal
G.- Dollar. . . .
<}. W. Elrterr
Coos Bay....
Czarina......
Santa Ana...
City Puebla/.
Spokane. . .. .
| _ From. , Uu«. -
Coos Bay & Pt. Oxford.) Jan. 2S
Coquille River . - v rv ¦.". . .IJan. SS
Seattle & N. :\Vhatcom.|Jan. 2a
Grays Harbor .........|Jan. 29
Seattle & Tacoma ...... Jan. 2*J
Seattle ............ Jan. 29
San Pedro Jan. 29
jHumboldt .....Jan. 20
Crescent City Jan. 30
Portland & Astoria ju.i.'JU
San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 30
Point Arena Jan. 30
Humboldt .. ........ Jan. 30
Tacoma Jan. 30
Coos Bay Jan. 30
Grays Harbor Jan. 30
Grays Harbor Jan. 30
Seattle Jan. 30
Tacoma Jan. 31
Tacoma ....... ....'. Jan. 31
Panama & Way Ports. . Jan. 31
Newport • & ¦ Way Ports. Jan." 31
New.Yrrk via Panama. |.Ian. 31
Humboldt ipeb 1
Puget Sound Ports jpW 1
Valparaiso & Way Ports. Feb. 1
Humboldt Feb 1
Seattle & Hadlock ...... Feb" 3
San Pedro p e b 2
Grays Harbor Feb 2
Portland & Astoria Feb 2
Coqullle River ......... Feb 2
Wlllapa Harbor ......... Feb 2
San Diego & Way Ports. Feb! 2
Grays Harbor Feb 3
Portland & Astoria ... Fob* 1
Newport & Way Porta. Feb. 4
Seattle & Tacoma . . Feb 5
Seattle & Tacoma . Feb 5
Puget Sound Ports . Feb. <;
San Diego & Way Pts. . . Feb. 6
bleamer. j
Destination.
! bails.
P!«r;
Phoenix. . .
Argo
City Para..
O. Elder...
January 28. ' J-'
Mendocino City .... 3 ptn|Pierl3
Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Panama & Way Pts. 12 miPMSS
Astoria & Portland. H am Pier 24
January 29.
Coos B. & Pt. Orford. 12 m Pier 13
N.-.Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Kan Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
January 30. • .
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier —
Los Angelas Ports.. 3 pm Pier 3
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier II
China & Japan l p m PMSS
, January. 31. .• . >¦.••:¦'
Coos Bay . . 12 m Pier 13
Hamburg & Way Pts ...... Tier 34
Pueet Sound Ports.. 11 amiPier 0
February 1. . |
Humboldt ....... ...il:30 r> Pt*r f>
Point Arena | 2 pmlPier 2
Seattle & N. What.. S pmjPler 2
February 2. | | . - .
Astoria A l'ortland.ill am'Pler2»
Seattle i & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
San Diego & AV'ay.. 0 am Pier 11
Febrnary 3. i.%.
Newport & Way. ... 9am Pier 11
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
February 4. | ¦¦ • . .., ¦> ¦ .
Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
February 5. , .:
Puget Sound. Ports.. 11 am Pier 0
CoquillelKIver ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Willapa Harbor .... 5pm Pier 2
. February 6. : ;? . ;•
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 1 2
Hamburg & AVay Pts Pier 34
Valparaiso & Way..|12 m Pier 10
Sydney & Way rts..|10am Pier: 7
Arcata. . . .
Argyll.....
Eur«:l;a . . . .
State Cal..
Sequoia. .:.
Chehalls...
Nome City.
Coos Bay..
H. K. Maru
Empire....
Nicaria....
Queen
l'orr"na. . .
Pt. Arena..
Rainier....
Columbia..
J. Kimball.
Spokane...
Bonita.....
Newburg.'.
North Fork
Umatilla..
Mandalay.
Rival......
G. Dollar..
Denderah..
Tucapel . . .
Sierra.....
O Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. rt*
? H , W L W HW . . L • W ?
28~ 2:59 5.4 8:66 2.0 2:68 "Ti$ 8-46 1.3
29 8:42 6.3 10:00 . 1.0 4:01 4.0 9:33 i's
30 4:2« 6.2 10:6» 1.8 5:13 S.7 10-20 23
31 5:14 5.112:03 1.5 6:33 3.5 11 : l5 27
1 6:00' 5.0 1:00 1.2 7:50 36. '
• L W H W , tL W ¦ . H*W"""
2 0:10 2.9 0:50 5.0]l:50 OR S-54 3«
3 .1:06 3.0 7:35 5.0 2:35 0.5 9-44 40
4 1:58 2:9 8:18 5.1 3:14 0.2 10:25 43
Etee.mer.
"or.
I Sail*.
Dolphin. .....
Cottage City.
Dirigo
Bertha.......
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan.' 29
Skagway.ft Way Ports. I Jan. 30
Skagrway & Way Ports. iFeb. * 5
Valdez & WayPorts.. .|Feb. 7
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSKMENTS.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CARTERS
positively cured by thesa
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth," Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
6mail PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OCEATT TaAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
S Steamers leave Broadway
pW Wharf, San Francisco: '
&^^»*fc. For Ketchikan, Juneau.
RSSSp^Iti— Skarway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
EjP'lJOjyKfc m.. Jan. 2U, 31. Feb. 5.
1 ciSl*||a 'K*! Change to company's steam-
K^Sl^ii ers at Seattle.
/•"•'¦BrSsCidrt For Victoria. Vancouver.
*• Port Townsend.' Seattle. Ta-
> coma Everett. New YVhatcora
— 11 a. m . Jan. 26, 31, Feb. 5. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska j
and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to r\. r.
Ry.; at Vancouver. to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 27. Feb. 1. . •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port L»os Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. j
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a.m. j
For Los Angreles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, 6an Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford <San ,
Luis Oblspo). "Gaviota. Santa. Barbara. Ven- ;
tura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro ana
•Newport (?BoniU. only). •
Bcnlta. 9 a. m.. Jan. 26, Feb. 3.
Cocs Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 30, Feb. 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Josp del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa- 1
lia and Guaymas (Hex.) — 10 a. rn., 7th of each
month. .
For further Information obtain folders.
Rl*rht lc reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TTC'P" p T O'PT'TCE— * New Montgomery
¦trpet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents. .
10 Market Bt., San Frandscc
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
—TO —
PORTS IN_ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60. lncludlns meals and berth for th«
round trir> on board the Pacific 'Coast S. 8.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7." March 7. April 7. . Due
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
1ov:r.jr Mexican ports: Ensenada, Magdalena
Bay, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La
Paz. Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymas
by rail. For further particulars inquire at
TirkPt OfFre. ? New Montgomery St., or 10
Market st.. Ssn Francisco.
O R & /V- CO,
Only Steamship Lino *o
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Shor* Rail L?ne fi*"r> Portland toa'l
points East. Through Tickets to all
poin»-«. «•" i*"! 1 ' o-» «tenm<hiD nnd rail, at
IiO'WrEST HATES.
ETEiXEH TICKETS NCLUDEBESTd md MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
Jan. IS, 24; Feb. 2, 12. 22
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Jan. IS. 28: Feb. 7. 17
Steamer satis from loot of Sjjear St.. 11 a. m.
D. "W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 MontR'y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling: at
Kobe fHiogo), Nagasaki and Shanchai And eon-
nectlnp at Hongkong: with steamers for India.
etc. No carjro received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, January 30th, 1902
SS NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 25th, 1302
ES. AMERICA MARU
Friday. March 21st. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freipht ar.d passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stoping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Louis Feb.-MSt. Louis Feb. 26
Philadelphia . ..Feb. l: Philadelphia ...Mar. 5
St. Paul Feb. 19) St. Paul : Mar. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wclnefdays at 12 noon.
Kensington Feb. TIFriesland Feb. 26
Zeeland Feb. 12|Southwark ....Mar. 5
Haverford Feb. 11/1 Vaderland Mar. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R.-R, 1 S ?
TO HEW YORK VU ?hUHK DIREST.
. Cabin, $105; Steerage. $10; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll »ai « Wednesday, Jan. 29
6. S. Leelanavr « all t Friday. Feb. 7
*>. S. Ar&yll '»>'¦ Thursday. Mar. 13
From Harrison-street wbarf at 2 p. m. .
Freight and Passenger Offlce. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Ci3 M Americana Vanores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
TTTCAPEL Feb. 8 PALENA Feb. 28
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15 COLOMBIA
These eteamers are bu!!t expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
<No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
UtV«lHV<J.4>»VV: ClWCrLISEia TAHITI
ES SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. Feb. 6. 10 a. m.
ES ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Feb. 1& '02; 2 p. m.
i. htfiiWlt k BBSS. C8., Baserai Agents. 327 Kartei St
ta'l P2SSSS5BT G!55, E43 Market St.. Pier Ko. 7. PaciSc St
C0XPAGM3 CEKEEALU TSAKBATLaRTIQVI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ¦^^ u> ,
f-aUin:- every Thursday, instead of uftmSSl
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, • «»»
ICorth River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, *70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. .Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by aU Railroad Ticket Agent*.
BAY AlTD BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOnTsTKAvTYAR] AND YALLEJ3
Steamers GEN. FRIS3IS or M0NTICELL3
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p.'m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:15 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 1 a. m., 12:30 noon, e p. m., -except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 15CS. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mlssion-etreet dock. HATCH
BROS.
«|PP nnifll Corner. Fourth and
I UPr nil I Ul our Specie Brew.
If HI I I I U I HI g team and Lager.
Ulll I- 13VII1IU. 5c OvercoatB and
valises checked free
Split hair, harsh hair, lusterless bair,
brittle hair, falling hair all owe their or-
igin to dandruff, which is caused by a
measly little microbe that burrows into
the" scalp, throwing up the ,cuticle into
dandruff scales and sapping the vitality
of the hair at the root, causing the sev-
eral diseased conditions of the hair till
it finally falls out.' Modern science has
discovered a remedy to destroy the dan-
druff microbe, which is combined in New-
bro's Herpiclde, and may be had of any
druggist. Allays itching instantly and
makes hair soft as silk. Take no substi-
tute; nothing "just as gdod." •
Caused by a Germ.
All Come From Dandruff, Which Is
SPLIT, BBITTIiE, DULL HAIB.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Every Evening This "Week.
ANOTHER BIG SUCCESS
r EDWIN AR EN
In an Elaborate Production of
ZORAH.
Mr. Arden's Picturesque Drama.
Special Engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Gardner
Crane.
POPULAR PRICES — 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c,
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
NEXT WEEK— Edwin Arden In "JIM THE
PENMAN." " "¦
Special for This (Thursday) EyeniDg;,
JANUARY 30. 1902.
Benefit for the Free Ward sad Clinio of
California Eye and Ear Hospital. Edwin
Arden in first production on this coast of
."Zarah," interspersed with specialties, viz.:
' ——AN QUO .
By Courtesy of Mr. Archie Levy.
SWOR AND HATHAWAY,
Celebrated Dancers and Comedians.
II. .
- GILBERT AND GILMORE.
Vocal Duo.
First California Appearance.
in.
WILLIAM FLETCHER EDITH
... In a German Comedy Skit,
"A SOCIAL VISIT."
POPULAR PRICES 75c, 50c, 25c. 15c, ' 10c
General Admission, 50c. Reserved Seats, 25c
. / Extra. , • .
Tickets on sale at th« Opera-house, Sher-
man & Clay's or at the hospital, 1007 Sutter
st.. of the ticket committee. Mrs. Willis Dodd.
Mrs. Partridge and a M!ss Jacks. These tickets
may be exchanged at Opera-house and Sher-
man & Clay's for reserved seats after Janu-
ary 27. a . . - • . ;
SPECIAL! FRIDAY, AT 3:15 P. M.
FIRST SYMPHONY CONCERT
Second Series. •
PAUL STEINDORFF, Director.
Seats, $1 50, SI, ' 75c and 50c, at Sherman,
Clay. & Co.'s.
fLVH bat r r>A >
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
ALL THfS' WEEK,
"CORALIE & CO."
"DRESSMAKERS."
The Brlghtset of All French Farces.
: 1 Great Palais Royal, Paris. Success.
Everybody and Everything in It- la Funny.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on sale six days In advance.
PRICES. 15c. 25c, 35c. 50c. 75c
NEXT WEEK-^THE DANITES."
- . W must* car iimu
Theater' Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
A I TO-NIGHT. All this week.
Matinee Saturday and
Sunday. '
n/f »M First time- in this city.
IVI A INI -A- Pl av tha t has had the
*¦*•¦»*" country guessing.
y\ T? PRICES— Ev'gs, 10c ta
p* ; BOc. Matinees. 10c. 15c. 25c
MYSTERM
iv : " ' ' -.-¦¦-'¦-¦• i"-- •
•,•¦• . Next Week—^'MASTER AND MAN."
N0RDIC4
SEASON TICKETS
On v sale -TO-MORROW (Wednesday) morning
at 0:30 at . ,- . . . ,
&HBRMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
SlngU seats t ready . Saturday. •
R- ?PATENTSl >)
MARKET ST.SlSS& .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
soap 'does nothing but
cleanse, it has no medical
properties^ for the color of
health and health' itself
use 'Pears'. Give it time.
; Sold all over the \Corld.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
drink;.
M 9^B "*B •*"( H9M%> K Kf 8 fc If^b a
Best : NATURAL Alkalinej Water
: v VWJ BKUAPWAI/N. I. '
PALACE ind
GRAND HOTELS.
¦ - 1 On one ' side of. these magnificent
v hotelsMs' 1 the wholesale and manu- -
V facturers*, district — on the other re^' <
,tail stores,': ¦ clubs, ¦ railroad and "
'¦' : newspaper offices, banks ' and- thea-
ters. Street cars to all; parts of the
i city— depots,, \ ferries ;., and . - parks—.
. pass the J entrance.: " ; \ , , ".,
American and European plans.
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or SteeL
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex.
Apioline Capsules for three months cost $1.
Drnpsrist or P. O. Box 2081, New York, i
i visit DR.* JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
0 . ¦ G£ 1051 KASZIT ST. tet. 6±47tl , S. F.Cil, A
\ y-Sr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
9 awClfe^. y° rld - Weaknesies or any contracted A
Z. W2|« •«asepo.ili-rly cared hy the oldest Y
O /WjESl ipeaaliit on the Coast Est 315 years. ©
6 fltegf I DR « JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A f wS&H Consultation free and stiictly private. \
V B A7V>in Troatraent personally nr by 1-tter. AM
\ a W n H •"* u * w **""• •" every case undertaken. T
a r (1 \\ft Write for n °° k - PHitosorm or A
\ II I "»»W*CE, MAILED PKEB. (*.¥
A H li- valuable book for mm) - \
V DO. JORDAN dk CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. ;'%i
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
JT U'll SOV * r » Battery Street!
• Kf TT lL3Un d \ih ¦ Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAC RAVKC X- C(i Shipping Butchers,' 104
J A J' DU I C3 g tU day: Tel. Mam 129^
. oils. --"-y-'i
LUBRICATINO' OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3.
418 Front st.. 8. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING. ¦.'¦''¦¦
E- C- BUGQES : 6li Bansorne £t., S. F.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS .
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. . -'/ - - ; .¦.'¦-.¦/. .
23 First street. San Francisco.
; ¦•';;•. ¦;&_: -
LAST 6 NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
KIRKE » A SHELLE OPERA C™.
• In the Merry Musical Success, THE
PRINCESS
OA-//C.
An Elaborate Opera Comique.
Last Performance Next Sunday Night.
Commencing: MONDAY, February 3.
VIOLA ALLEN,
And Company^ Presenting
"IN THE PALACE OF THE KINC"
Seats Ready Thursday.
recital TiflTAFTERNCON.
Second Recital Next Friday Afternoon, Jan. 31.
JOSEF
HOFMANN,
. THE GREAT PIANIST.
. Reserved Seats— $2, $1 50. $1 and Me.
Seats gelling at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
t CAPACITY— TO OUR VERY WALLS.
IMMENSE AUDIENCES DELIGHTED
AT EVERY PERFORMANCE — MAT. SAT.
» Acknowledged the Best Swedish Dialect
Comedian.
BEN HONDRICKS
And His Company of Comedians
In the Pioneer SwedUh Play,
OLE OLSON.1
' And" the SWEDISH LADIES* QUARTET.
Next Sunday Night— JAMES K. HACKETTS
¦ ~ . Big Success.
" THE PRIDE OF JENNICO."
SEATS READY THURSDAY. :
\ ~ ! ' — - , -
IMMENSE VAUDEVILLE FESTIVAL !
THE GBEAT CYCLE WJUBL; SA-
BEL; JOBDAN AND CBOUCH;
KELLY AND VIOLETTE; THE
NAMBAS; DA COMA FAMILY;
TAYLOB TWIN SISTEBS; ADA
ABNOLDSON, AND THE BIO-
GBAPH, SHOWING "THE MA-
TBON STAKES."
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 60c.
*T!VQL1*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
TO-NIGHT— REGAL PRESENTATION OB*
F-RMINK. DANIELS'
GREATEST COMIC OPERA HIT!
The Ameer!
Presented by the REPRESENTATIVE OPERA "
COMPANY OF THE COUNTRY!
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and 75o
, . Telephone Bush 9.
gf§^ RACING
"T^JilTSi fc^**ti • Every V\eek Day—
WT Rain or Shins.
NfcW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
M Races start at 2:19 p.m. sharp.
Farry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 ra. and
12:80. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and a p. m., conn ec tin*
with trains stopping ' at the entrance to Um
track. Last two cars en train reserved (or
ladies and their escorts; no ¦moiling. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vu
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh ' and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con* .
nect with San Pablo - avenue can . at Four* .
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.- These electrla
cars so direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:15 p. m. and Immediately after the L&it
race. ¦ •
THOMAS H. Williams JR.. PreaMast,
CHAS. F. PRICE. S«cy. aid M*r.
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises in the family
every day.' Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious 1 and healthful dessert. : Pre-
pared in two minutes. ' No boiling ! no
baking ! add' boiling water, and set to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. ' Geta package,
at your grocers to-day. locts.. . ~
ADVERTISEMENTS^ !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JW^0w% BEST FOR TH£ BOWELS
GUARANTEED CURB for all bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad
. blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples,
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion and dizziness. When your bowels
don't move regularly you are sick. Constipation kills more people than a 11 other diseases
together. It is a starter for the chronic ailments and long years of suffering that come
afterwards. No matter what aila you, start talcing CASCARETS today, for you will never
get well and be well all the time until you put your bowels right. Take our advice, start
with Cascarets today under an absolute guarantee to cure or money refunded. Sample
and booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. -¦ 50a "
-¦¦»¦-Flour and :Millstuffs,
FLOUR— California ' Family Extras, > $3 50®
3 76, usual terms; Bakers'; Extras,! $3 40@3 50;
Oregon/ $2 75@3 per barrel for family and SJO
3 : 85 j for ; --Washington - Bakers",/ $3©
3 35; ¦'¦' L . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ 1 z ~ "- ' y , :"' T * * • ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦"-..¦':.-¦..
f*. MILLSTUFFS— Prices ¦ in ; sacks ~ are , as »fol
lows/ usual ¦ discount to ; the trade: •' Graham
Flour." $3 per 100 lbsuRye' Flour.- $2*75: Rye
Meal,; $2 50; ; Rice Flour,.$7; Corn Meal, $3 25:
:.. HIDES ; AND r SKINS— Culls and . brands sell
about i l%c -' under 'quotations.-- Heavy , salted
Steers,- lie;' medium; • 10c; . light; 9c; Cow
; There was quite a. decline at Chicago. The
San Francisco market ; Is also - 'lower, ]•¦ Hams.
Bacon and : Lard being , ' marked ; , off > . %c , all
around; with ; the exception of - compound Lard,
which remains undisturbed.. There is consid
erable cutting l in . these -'goods.V particularly
' among 1 new houses and the • local branches of
Chicago houses. " The purchase of a large piece
of land 'by. the 'Armours, .who are going to put
up a packing house. ¦ Indicates ¦: that Chicago
intendsito have an. active", finger In the San
Francisco -pie. from now on. ¦" • .
- CURED ¦ MEATS— Bacon. ll%c ' per " lb ¦ for
heavy. : 12c . ' for light • medium, -, 13c ; for light,
14c for extra light i and ' 14%c 1 for I sugar-cured ;
Eastern sugar-cured i Hams. 1?@12 Vic: Califor
nia Hams,- ll@ll%c;' Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per
¦ barrel; extra :Mess, >S11@11 50;-. Family, ¦¦¦ $12©
12 50: < prime : - Mess : Pork," $15; ".-¦¦• extra- clear,
S22 50(523 : , Mess. $18 C0@19 ; - Smoked i Beef,
13%@'14c peri pound. ..,',..-.• ---...,
- •¦ LARD-'-Tierces. :. quoted • at - SV»c per ' lb* f >r
compound • and^ lie- .for '.pure; - half ¦ barrels,
pure.llVic: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lbi tins,- 12c. - , ' . /- > .", '.
.-. COTTOLENE— One ' half-barrel; 10%c;% three
half-barrels,*. 10c; , one j tierce. .9%c; ; two tierces,
9?4c; five tierces.9%0 per lb.^. .;¦¦ ;
Provisions.
[NEW YORK, Jan. 27. — There was no relief
from the semi-stagnant conditions of specula
tion in stocks to-day. The stiffness of money
rates, which persisted for some time after
the turn of the year,' has yielded entirely and
the ordinary borrower Is able to obtain money
on call on very easy terms. Returns of sress
i earnings of railroads which began to come in
to-day for the third week in January show
gratifying increases over last year's high level.
To-day's break in the grain markets, while due
to a condition ot ' over-speculation and at
• tributed ostensibly to the large movement from
other countries, warrants a presumption • of
premising conditions for our own winter wheat
crop upon which much hinges. These con
siderations, however, ¦ were powerless to ani
mate the etock market. There is a very gen
eral agreement that the ultimate decision of
the question of - the , legal standing of the
Northern Securities Company Is the thing
really awaited for the next general movement
in the etock market. There is also Importance
attached to the definite shaping of the Gov
ernment's financial operations. Legislation for
the reduction of the revenues on the one side
or for special Government expenditures on the
other are studied with great attention owing
to their bearing on the' market . supply of
money. The stiffening of the discount rate in
London end the advance In the price of gold
may be a symptom of renewed shipment, of
gold from that quarter, as the Bank of Eng
land is striving to make Its rate effective in
the market in preparation for the coming Gov
ernment loan. Of the special movements in
to-day's market which gave It its whole char
acter that in Amalgamated Copper was most
conspicuous. Haw copper was advanced for
the . first ¦ time since the attempt to maintain
the price was abandoned by the Amalgamated
Copper Company. The gain reached to-day for
Amalgamated Copper was 2% points. The ad
vance In the price of lead gave strength to
National Lead and American Smeltlnjr. The
United States Steel stotks/ were' lethargic.
There was speculation In Sugar with a final
C&ln of a point. Notable gains In Chicago and
Eastern - Il'lnoi*. New York. Chicago and St
Louis etocuB, Cleveland. C. C. and St. Louis
and Rutland ¦ preferred were without •explana
tion. The market dosed, duller and firm. »^ » ¦* >
There was a cessation of laet week's activity
In a number of "semi-speculative bonds and
the market was dull and irregular. Total sales
$3,025,000. • *¦ • ¦-.--;.¦
United States new 4s advanced % ' Per cent
on the last call. " - .- .
NEW YOR.K STOCK LIST. ;
Stocks— Sales. "High; I/?w. Close.
Atchison 17.300 75% 74Vi; 75«i
Atchison pfd ...... 7.100 »6>i 95% 1)5%
New York Stock Market.
William K. Van A!en to Edward Phillip*,
lot on NW corner of Sacramento and Lyon
streets. W 37:6 by N 103:8%; $10.
Thomas and Margaret McMahon to The Nor
man Parrlsh Estate, lot on NE corner of Clay
street and Central avenue. E 100 by N 30; $10.
George A. and Louis A. Stelger and Pauline
M. A. Pflster (trustees estate Pauline M.-Stel
ger and Helen and Marlon C. Steiger (minors)
to Frances M. Kentzel, lot on S line of Golden
Gate avenue, 31:2 W of Lott street, W 23 by
S 100; $850.
James W. Kentzal to same, same; sift.
William D. and Elizabeth K. Scurlock to
Mary A. Fyfe, lot on E line of Ashbury street,
130 S of Frederick. S 30 by E 100; $10.
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to William an.1
Margaretha J. Koenig. lot on E line of Ash
bury street, 360 S of Frederick, S 20 by £
106:3; $10. <
Helen C. Dlxon (single) to Mary C. Galllani.
lot on N , line of Fifteenth street, 75 W of Do
lores, W 25 by N SO; $10. . • ,
Henry T. and Estella H. Fennel. to Alma. W.
N. Olsen, lot on £2 -line of Capp street. 151:3
S of Twenty-ftfth. S 21:3 by E 115; $10.-
Excelsior Loan Association to - Samuel M.
Samter, lot on SW corner of Twenty-sixth and
Bartlett streets. W S5 by S 75; $10. "
Estate of Mark Strouse (by Emille Strouse.
executrix) to Charles G. Stuhr, lot on W line
of Church street, 86 S of Twenty-sixth S ZH
by 80; $1550.
California Wire Works (a corporation) t»
Charles < R. Bishop, block bounded by Mason.
Powell. North Point and Bay; $140,000.
Amalla o& Emilia Spinetti (wife of - J. A.)
and Henrietta or Enrichetta Merlo to Gulseppe
Demartlnl, lot on N line ot Filbert street 87 :G
,W of Stockton. W 25 by N 92:6; $10
Lillle von Hagen to Sadie and Franz Brauer
undivided half of lot on N line of Union street'
97:6 E of Mason. E 40:6 by N.137;6; $10 -"
General Memorial Hospital for the Treatment
of Cancer and Allied Diseases, incorporated
originally as the New York Cancer Hospital to
Rlenzi Hughes, lot on E corner of Folaom and
Hawthorne streets, NE 112:« by • SE «75
$22,500. . .
Mary, Joseph W.. Edward. Rosle and Annie
CSulllvan to James J. Sullivan, lot on NW
line of Clara street. 125. SW of lUtch, SW 25
by NW 75; gift.
Estate of Mary Donegan (by Annie Kroutch
executrix) to Catherine Donegan, undivided
one-sixth of lot on SW line of Rltch street 75
NW of Harrison. NW 25 by SW 75; also undi
vided one-sixth of lot on NE line of Rltch
street. ,75 NW of Harrison, NW 25 by NE «0
$1100. --'¦-.¦
A. and Amelia Aronson to Joseph M. Mas
ten lot on NW line of Mission street 275 NE
of Fourth. NQ 30. by NW 1W>;$1O '
George and Sophie Martin to Charles W
Zahn. lot on E line of Pennsylvania avenue
142:2 S of Sierra; SE 108:11 by N 54:6; $5. *
. Sophia Martin to same, lot on E line of Penn
sylvania avenue. 87:6 S of Twenty-second 3
54:6., SE to point. N 54:6. NW 10S:ll; $10.
- Charles W. . Zahn to Joseph*B. Coryell. sa.m»;
Estate of Adolprf Putro " (by Emma L. : Mer
rltt and \V. R. H. Adamson. executors) to
Mabel R. Stoneberger. lot on W line of Flrsi
avenue.. 90:7%: S of Lake street, S 2:8 by W
REAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box): -Clusters:
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown $1 60; • London Layers — Three-crown,
$1-35; two-crown, $1 25." Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5%c; three
crown, #5}£c;; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels 5c; - Seedless Sultanas, 5%c:' Thompson
Seedless, 6%c. Bleached < Sultanas — Fancy,
8%c; choice, 7%c; standard; 6%c;prime, 5%c;
unbleached ¦ Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
—Extra ' fancy. llc; ; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard 7%c; prime. 6%c. • Fancy seeded, 7c;
choice seeded, C%c; do, in bulk, fancy. "6%c;
choice. 6% c per lb. • . -
NUTS — Chestnuts. ll©12c; Walmuts." No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8@S%c; NO. 1 hardshell,
9c; ¦ No. 2, 7c; ' Almonds. 10%@12c for * paper
shell. 9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
12@12%c;- Filberts. .12@12%c; Pecans, 11013c;
Cocoanuts, . $3 60@5.- ' ¦ ¦ - . : .-. - • -.\
HONE?— Comb,tl2@13c for bright and 100
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per. lb. >-.
¦PRUNES — l'JOl crop < are quoted as follows:
30-40' s, C(?O%c; 40-50's, 4%@5i4c; 50-60's. 4%
@4%c; fO-70's, 3%@4 ] /4c; 70-80's. 3%@3%c;
80-90's. 2%@3%c; 90-100' s.-2%@2%c per lb.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@S%c forjRoyals and S
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, ¦¦¦' 7*4@8%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7-^c; v Pears, 4%@8%c; Plums;
pitted, 4@5%c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@
5%c for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 4c
for black and OO@75c per box. for white. • • f .
There Is nothing new .to report. .Fruits
show as much firmness as ever.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
. CALL BOARD SALES. : 7V : ;
Informal Session— 9: 15"- o'clock— May— 2000
ctls, 84%c; 4000. 8-lVic.
Second Session — No sales..
'¦ Regular . Morning • Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls,^ 83% c.
OATS — A. bear raid on May; Oats at Chicago
sent that; market -from 44c ' down to 39%c, but
there , was :¦ a subsequent •' > recovery - to 1 42%c.
There was no change ¦ whatever in the . San
Francisco market,? which continued. dull."
Grays,; .$1 20@l 27%:.- whites, $1 20@l"40;
Surprise, SI 40<&l 42 y.; black,' $1 10@l 20 for.
feed and $1 20@l 30, for seed; red,'$l 25@1 35
per ctl foi: feed and $1 32%@1, 40 for seed.", 1 ,"
CORN — Chicago _¦ was - nervous - and ; unsettled
This market waa dull. and without change.
' Large •• yellow, -$l 37%@l-45; ¦ « small . , round
do. $150; white,, $130@l- 40 per ctl.
; RYE— 85@90c per ctl. ¦ ~
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted 1 , at $1' 65 per ' ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
.Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
- Second Session— May— 6000 ctls, $1 0S%; 4000,
$108%. December— 6000, $1 10. - - H
¦ Regular. Morning 'Session — May — IS, CCO ctls,
$108%.--,-,--: --.-..'!.
Afternoon Session — May— 0000 ctls, $108»i;
2000, $108%. -
..BARLEY — Both spot grain and futures were
rather higher. Offerings on 'Change continued
very light. . - - .:...: :
Feed, 80%c for choice bright, S5c for tio. 1
and 80@82%c for off grades; brewing and ship
ping grades, 87%@92y.c; Chevalier, 85c@$l per
1 1 Ml il jOTflfliWwBlllllii^tllMHIIIWllMHlftil«lrtlir>l'i
WHEAT — The foreign , markets were lower. ¦
The' world's' shipments- for the week were as
follows, . in quarters:. Russian, 234,000; Danu
bian; 191.000; Argentina^ 65,000; Indian, C000;
Australian, 97,000. The American visible sup
ply made a , small " increase of. 98, 000. bushels. -
Chicago was weak and lower, declining from
78%c. to 77c, and • recovering to'77%c. The
opening was firm, with -a' good commission
house demand, but snow . in \ the- Southwest
caused . gelling, of- long wheat and the market
turned' very . weak. -. with ; liquidation and stop
loss selling. The weakness was aggrevated by
the bear. raid on May cats.
-, This market - was weaker, both •' on and -. off
call. , . • . • ~
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling, $1 10
@1 12% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling. Exchange, 60 days... .. — ' ' $4 S5>4
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 87%
Sterling Cables ..... . . ......... — 4 8S a i
New York Exchange,' sight • — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — J5
Silver, per ounce : — '54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal... ... 45 @ 45%
Exchange, and Bullion.
PORTLAND, Jan. 27.'— Walla Walla, 63c:
bluestem, C4c; valley, • C3'/4c.
TACOMA, Jan. 27.— Unchanged. Bluestem,
We; .club. '.03c.-
OPvEGON
Northern, Wheat Market.
FORECAST.
The prSEsure has fallen a tenth of an Inch
or more over Nevada and Eastern California. A
moderate disturbance overlies the Owens River
Valley. Light snow is reported at Carson City
and Winnemucca and at Salt Lake City.
The temperature has risen slowly over Cali
fornia. It etill continues from 9 to 20 degrees
below the normal over Washington and Ore-'
eon. U r -'' r ."'
High northerly winds are reported off Cape
Mendocino.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 28, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy Tuesday, with
llgtit snow in the mountains; fresh northeast
winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday; fresh
southerly winds.
Nevada — Light snow Tuesday; light north
erly winds changing to southerly.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday, with fresh northeaet winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature — 7 a. m., 40 degrees,
Business in Northern Cities.
PORTLAND, Jan. 27.— Clearings, $427,091;
balances. $68,295.
SEATTLE. Jan. 27.— Clearings, $393,111:
balances, $04,380. •- ,-.>s
LONDON. Jan. 27.— Off erings at the wool
auction sales : to-day ' numbered 14.938 bales.
There was a large attendance and buying was
general at the hardening rates. Holders fre
quently bought, in their- offerings. .Scoured
was firmer, crossbreda , met with ' a ready sale.
Withdrawals numbered 2S0O. bales, v
London Wool Sales.
Articles — I Open. ¦ High. . Low.- -Close
Wheat No. 2—- . ' V .' -
January ....... ' .... . .."..' 741,:
May ..:... 7R% 78% '77 - 77^
July ........... 77% 1&% 70%.'\77fc
Corn No. 2 — , .- ¦ ¦ ¦ \ .'.
¦January ........ 57U
May .... «... 62 _«2% .60%'. -«0T^
July.....:..:... 61% , ci% '60% e,o%
- Oats No. 2 — , ,¦ -¦-"„•
May ............ "44Vi - 44% ; , ' 30% - 42V t
July .....39H, ,39i/i .* 35% . ; 37%
September ..... 33 '33 T 32% " 32}i
Mess Perk, per bbl— &3m^99Embm
January ...;15 60 15 60 15 55 15 55
May ...1G30 16 30 , 15 70 ', 15 SO
July ........16 20' * 16 32% 15 80 15 90 '
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January ......*. .... .... R 22%
May.. ;.:... 9 45 ..» 50 9 30 - 0 40' <
July . ...... 0 57% 9 60 • 9 60 9 47%
Provisions suffered sorely from the grain
slump. ' The hog market was fairly steady to
start with, but later in the day prices were
somewhat easier at the yards. . ;• This aided to
the terrible. fear for the result' of the coarse
grain . break started holders .. of . provisions,
especially pork, to selling. -May pork at ? one
time was 67%c under Saturday's closing price.
Packers took advantage *f prices to buy some,
but the ¦effect ¦ on pork - prices was not r very
Mrenetheninff. Lard and ribs -' rallied • toward
the close and were only a trifle weak. May
pork or*n9d 22%c to 7 V.C lower at $16 15 to
,?16 30, sold down to ;S15 70, , and ' closed' very
weak. 57 J >c down, at *15 SO; May: lard closed
10@12Vic down at $0 37%@0 40, and May ribs
15c lower ?t ?8 40. . ¦ ;
The leading futures ranged as follows: \v.
The early, strength In corn attendant upon
the cold weather and early . wheat firmness?
was lost in the downward turn in oats.- Some
of ' the loss, however, ' was recovered, , though
not enough ¦ to give traders . much • hope for
future prices. The sentiment was bearish and
support seemed wantins, even on the upturn
in wheat. Cables were lower to start with,
but it was the oats break that did the trick.
May, which opened a shade to higher
at Gl%c to 61%c, even . sold up to 62%c, but
then came- the drop — a very hard one — to 60%c.
Traders began to talk 50-cent corn • and there
was Immediate danger of the slump growing
worse. Shorts, however, wanted profits and
they covered hurriedly. Wheat .was going up
again and May corn responded to the influence
by' touchlne Glc. The close was weak,' '91c
lower, at 60%@60%c| . -
•¦¦Wheat started out firmly In spite of .lower
cables and bearish statistics. The cold weather
had set traders to guessing ' and May opened
unchanged to Y^c higher at 78%c» to 78%e.
This strength was only short lived, for when
oats broke evcrythinc else broke with it. S In
twenty minutes wheat had dropped l%c and
was sailing at 77c. Frightened- liolders and
weak speculators with small margins had been
forced to liquidate or stop . losses. . Buying by
shorts. helped matters materially, ,and with th-i'
checking . of the coarse . grain collapse May
wheat reacted well. , At one time shortly be
fore the close May sold at 77%@78c. . The close
was • comparatively firm at ll%c, %c " lower
than Saturday. , ' - :
Action in oats developed so suddenly and
with such surprisingly disastrous slumps
that traders were overwhelmed in the turmoil.
The trouble was all over an attempt by a bear
clique- to raii the holdings of James A Pat
-tijn. something like 10,000,000 bushels' - of - May
oats. Patten was not present early, on the
floor and the weakness of Saturday seemed to
give a good Opportunity for attack. . May oats
opened firm enough. under the influence of the
cold weather and strength in other grains, but
this only made the subsequent dropping of the
bucket bottom the more surprising. 'May
started \ic higher r to unchanged at 44^4c to
44c. Seme small purchases sent It up even to
44%c. Then began the onslaught. The tailors
began throwing stun! overboard in big lumps..
The early trade did not expect ' heavy opera
tions and began to gaBp as prices slid »1T. Then
the bears took courage and sold short. \. Liqui
dation on an enormous scale followed and
prices blipped away almost lo at a sale. Trad
ers from the other pits dropped the work ; in
hand and hurried into oats. . 'Change went mad
with excitement. Speculators said this -was a
panic if there has been such a ' thing since
1803. May struck bottom at 39& c. Then Pat
ten came into the pit, told the crowd the sell-
Ing was not for his account and began to buy
in all silts. May as quickly jumped back" to
4U%c and the turmoil . was nractically over
within an hour of the .opening. ¦• There
was still a tense felling present, however, and
prices wavered all durinjr the session ¦ in ! a
panicky fashion. The close was very 'weak,
l%^li%c lower, at 42%@42Vic. ,
» ; *
CHICAGO, Jan. 27, — All pits on the Board
of Trade went wild to-day. A stampede in
May Oats forcing liquidations in all markets
pressed prices downward f in a panicky fashion
and within half an hour from the opening
May*oats had dropped 5V&c, ¦ May wheat l%c
and May corn l%c. Provisions . also weie sore
hit. Good support and heavy j short covering
brought back some confidence, however, and
the close saw a net loss in May oats of only
194@lT<ic, May wheat ; %c and May corn %c.
Provisions closed 10c to 57 %c lower.
Chicago Grain Market.
MONDAY, Jan. 27 — I p* m.
. Bid-Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 04 Justice 03 06
Alta 06 06 Kentuck .... 01 03
Andes — 01 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher ..... 09 11 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belch 12 13 Occidental ...'07 08
Bullion .\.-.\. 02 : 03 Ophir 80 81
Caledonia. ... 24 2S Overman .... 09 lt>
Challenge Con 10 12 Potosi 11 12
Chollar 11 12 Savage 05 C6
Confidence ... 68 61 Scorpion — 04
Con C & Va.l 15 1 20 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... 16 17
Con New Y. — 01 Silver Hill ..48 51
Crown Point.. 06 07 St Louis .... .05 —
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard ....3 35 3 50
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate .... 06 07
Gould & Cur. 06 07 Union Con .. 11, 12
Hale & Nor. 28 29 Utah 02 03
Julia — 04 Yellow Jacket 06 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SOO Belcher 09 200 Mexican 31
300 Best & Belch 13 200 Ophir 80
100 Con C & V.I 20 300 Potosi ... 11
300 Gould & Cur. 06 200 Sierra NeT... 17
200 Hale & Nor. 28 200 Union Coa .. 11
Afternoon Session
1100 Best & Belch 12 300 Ophir 80
150 Con C & Va.l 20 500 Overman .... 10
100 Confidence ... 63 400 Potosi 12
200 Hale & Nor. 2S 300 Savage 05
300 Hale & Nor. 27 100 Sierra Nev... 17
200 Mexican 29 800 Sierra Nev... 16
200 Mexican 31 300 Union Con .. 11
300 Ophir 81 200 Yellow Jacket 07
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session. .
200 Belcher ..... <X> 1 300 Ophir ........ SO
200 Belcher 10 100 Potosi 12
200 Best & Belch 12 200 Potosi 11
100 Caledonia. ... 25 600 Savage 05
100 C C &V b 30; 1 20 100 Silver Hill .. 6tf
700 Gould & Cur 06 10CO Union Con .. 11
400 Hale & Nor. 27
* Morning Session.
200 Best & Belch 12 100 Mexican 30
300 Bullion 021 400 Ophir ....... 8O
500 Chollar 11 200 Overman .... 10
300 Con Cal & V.I 20 500 Potosi 12
400 Crown Point.- 06 600? Yellow Jackets 07
200 Mexican 29l
< CLOSING.;
HOPS — Pacific Ccast. flrm; £3 5s@X4.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 27. — Wheat, quiet;. No. 1
standard California; wheat T in Paris, quiet;
flour in Paris, quiet; French country markets,
dull; weather in England, rain.
COTTON — Uplands, 4 15-32d. ¦ -~
LONDON, Jan." 27. — Consols, 93%; silver,
25%d; French rentes, 100f 30c; cargoes on pas
sage, rather . easier; cargoes. No." 1 standard
California,; 29s 6d; 4 cargoes Walla Walla. 29s
l%d; English country markets,' dull;' wheat and
flour on passage to United Kingdom, 3,300,000;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent. 1,030,
000; Indian shipments wheat , to United King
dom. 50C0; Indian shipments wheat to Conti
nent, none. ¦ ¦ • . ."
Foreign Markets.
THE COAST RECORD.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. - . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill ' 113 4s qr c (new)139*4' —
4s qr reg lll%112Vi- 3s qj coup.. 109 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
\la A W Co — — . Dceanlc 5s..l01%102}4
Bay CPC 5s. 109 — Drabus C 6s. 130% —
ral-st 5s 110% — ?ac G Im 4s. 96 100»i
2 C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H tfe.105
Ed L&P 6s. ' — Pk&O R 63.117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — . Pwl-st R 6s. 119% —
3eary-st - 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 35% — •
H C&S 5%s. ¦'— — 5F & SJVSs.122^4123
• Do 5s — 99% Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L Ang R 5s. 119% 5 P of Ar 6s
LA Light Gs. — — (1900) 111% —
Do gtd 6s. — - — (1910) 112% —
• Do gtd 5s. — 101% 3 P of Cal 6s
L A & P Ss'.lOO ,— (1905)Sr A.108U —
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr B.109& —
Mkt-st C 6s. 125 — (J»O6) 11U4 —
Do 1cm 5S.121V1122 (1912> 121% —
N R C 6s... 110%,— S P. Cal 1st
Do 5s. 121% — c gntd 5s. 110 —
N Pac C 5s.l0« — S P BrCal6a.lS7 —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S V Wat Cs.113 —
Oak Gas 5s. 114 — Do 4s. 103 —
Oak-Trn-«s.l2l% — Do 4s3dm.. — 101%
Do 1st c5s.109>,4 — Stkn Gas 6s. 102% —
Dak W e 5s. — 103 ,
* _J WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74 75% I Port Costa.. 63%" 66
Marln Co 59 , — ISpring Val.. 85 85^4
- -' ;:¦ ¦• -• GAS AND ELECTRIC.
CenUL & P. 2Vi 4 Pac Light... 44% —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual J. .-..'— 5. S F G & E.. 40% 41 %
O G L & H. 51% 52 San Fran ... 5ft 5%
Pac Gas Imp 35 — Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 / —
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 80 SI -|L P & A 166 169
Calif ornla r ..417 — iMex Ex (llq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.U3 — IS F, Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl.320 350 I
SAVINGS BANKS. -
German ...1925 — .Sax & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav.'66 — -Union Trust. — 2200.
S F Sav U.512%— '
. STREET " RAILROADS.
California ..160 '— I Market ..... S9 —
Geary ......— 60 I Presidio .... 37% —
POWDER.
Giant ...... 75% 76 IVigorit 3%: —
SUGAR.
Hana ........2% — .Kilauea .... 9% _
Hawaiian .. &L — jMakawell .. 25 25%
Honokaa ... 10 — Onomea .... — - 242
Hutchlnson ; 13 >4 14 . -Paauhau ...'10% —
MISCELLANEOUS. :,
Alaska Pack.159% — Pac A F A. 3ft —
Cal Fruit As. — 98% Pao C Bor.165 —
Cal Wine As. — 95 iPar Paint... 18", >— -
Oceanic S Co 37 41 I
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con ..' 76 00
15 Giant Powder Con 75 50 •
' 125 Giant Powder Con... ...75 00
15 Giant Powder Con . ... :..-..• 74 75
S2000 Oceanic S S Co bonds.. 102 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 40 75
7 Spring Valley Water , Co..;... ..85 qq .
Afternoon Session. .
10 Alaska Packer^ Assn 1G0 00
10 Giant Powder Con 75
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 6s bonds...... 120 00
20 Market-street Railway f*. .;••»..;. 90 00
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds.... vr> no
$2000 Oakland Transit Co. 6 per cent.'.l2*> 00 '
15 Pacific Gas Improvement....... 33 no
" 10 Spring Valley Water Co ........ 85 00
-100 Giant Powder Con 7500
' PRODUCERS* , OIL ; EXCHANGE.
• : Morning Session. .
¦ 500 'Apollo ..' '..... ..¦.:.;... 20
- . 2 Hanford •.....'...¦........ gg qo
'650 Petroleum Center- ............ ' - qq
Afternoon Session. , , '
D00 California-Standard .. 05
• -50 Junction -...:. . ... .V. .V.'.'.-..;-. ... . Jg
'400. Petroleum Center -.".. 06'
- 200 Shamrock 50
'4. The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco'Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MONDAY, Jan. 27 — 2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHAITGE-
oil stocks ' continued • featureless and inactive. ..
In the afternoon Giant Powder sold * \ $73®
75 50. There were sales, of Alaska Packers'
at 5160 and Market-street Railroad ; at "$30.
Trading continued light.
The Reed Oil dividend of 2 1 / ic, ¦ previously
mentioned, is payable after February 1. •
It is said that the majority of . the stock of
the Giant and Union Oil Companies has been
placed • in escrow pending the completion of
the deal -by which the property passes Into
the hands of the Market Street Railway. If
the deal goes through the . price paid for the
stock will be about 5Q to 60 cents. ,
VThe Silver King mine paid a dividend of
if 100, 000 on the 10th, and the Qulncy mine of
$125,0CO en the 15th.
A quarterly dividend of 37 per share, or
$75,000, will be paid to-morrow by the Alaska
Treadwell Mining Company.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay a
dividend of $1 per share on the 29th.
• ¦ -: - ¦
#- — — 1 *¦
A further decline in Giant Powder at $76®
74 75 was the only change worthy of note on
the Bond Exchange. . Business was dull. The
• PEARS — Winter kinds. 75c«a?2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$l 25*
for standards, $1-0001' 75 for choice and $2®
2 50 for -fancy: Seedlings, 30@"I>c; Tangerines.
?17E@2: Mediterranean Sweets, /5c@$l 25?
Lemons ¦ D0c@$l for common and $1@1 50 fcr
good to' choice and $1 75@2.25. , f or fancy;.
Grape, Fruit, $1©2; Mexican . Limes, $6@6 50;
Bananas, • $1 75<S2 '."> per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25®2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
?3@4 per dozen. ¦ v
APPLES— $1 50@2 per box • for extra, 75c
@1 25 for good tu choice and 25@60c for or
dinary. • ' . ' .•
The ¦ Honolulu "steamer brought up 444
bunches of Bananas. ¦ v .
There was nothing new'in "Apples or Pears.
DECIDUOUS FKU1TS.
Three cars of Oranges were offered at. the
auction yesterday, but owing to the abun
dance of fruit in the. open 'market the bidding
was not very brisk. '¦ The prices , obtained . were
as follows: Fancy Navels, $1 15@1 95; cholca
$1 20@l 40; Standards, »0c@$l 15. In the open
market business was. dull all around and pre
vious prices stand. ¦ ¦ /
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS — Ranch, 21c for selected large and
20c for. good to choice; store, IS 3 19s per
dczen. ' -
BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c per lb for
fancy." 24c • for firsts and 22@23c for seconds;
dairy.' 17#@22c; store Butter, 14@16c per lb;
Creamery Tub. 20c; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg.
1601Sc per lb.
CHE5SE — New, ll@lH4c; old. 10@10'/ac:
Young America. I2@13c; Eastern, 13@15c p*.r
pound. ¦ ' - • . • .' •
Receipts were 24,200 pounds, tubs and
——bbls of Butter, pounds of Eastern
Butter, 690 cases of Eggs, cases of East
ern Eggs, 2110 pounds of . California Cheese,
J.020 pounds of Oregon Cheese and pounds
of Eastern Cheese.
There is no scarcity in Butter, even if th»
market is better cleaned up. while Cheese con
tinues weak under liberal supplies. \-
Both Butter and Eggs were In better de
mand and more closely cleaned up. Receipts
of Eggs have been running lighter of late and
a buyer was on the ; market yesterday trying
to make up a car for the East. '» This did not
prevent 'a decline on the -Exchange, which
quoted prices for ranch at 18@19c, this 4>eing
the only change.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs
New York Cotton Market.
NEW. YORK., Jan. 27.— Cotton closed steady,
with prices 3<S6 points lower.
STOCK MARKET.
Boston 52-36 Omaha 00-10
Philadelphia . 4S-42'Duluth 04-20
New York 4S-42;Chicago 32-OS
Kansas City 02-08; St Louis 00-36
Jacksonville 72-56 ; Salt Lake City 16-0fe
Cincinnati 50-12 1 Washington 44-3G
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations: I
C120th Meridian— Pacific <Tlme.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27, 1902—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty
four houre:
Last 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 16.89 30.61
Red Bluff 0.00 11.64 15.41
Sacramento ....... O.OO «.9» 11.32
San Francisco 0.00 7.01 13.01
Fresno O.OO 2.52 7.45
Independence 0.00 1.39 5.12
San Luis Obispo 0.00 5.62 21.14
Los Angeles 0.00 4.03 8.6S
Ean Diego 0.00 1.37 3.66
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, i
49; minimum, 3S; mean, 44.
W cat her Report.
WASHINGTON
Flour, qr sks.. "16,298 Flaxseed. sks.. 3,912
OREGON
Flour, qr sks.. 9,830 Bran, sks 1,920
Potatoes, sks... 5,947 Middlings, sks.. 746
Onions, sks .... 660 "
Flour, qr sks. . U.718 Feed, sks ..... 277
Wheat, ctls 45,70!) Onions, sks ... 137
Barley, ctls .... 53,66.". Tallow, ctls 200
Oats, ctls 930 Sugar, ctls 1,75<»
Rye,, ctls 8,890 Quicksilver, flks 35
Beans,, ska .... .2.19:) Wine, gals S5,4Ufl
Bran, sks ..... 300 Pelts, bdls .... 120
Middlings, sks:. 311 Hides, No 26
Potatoes, sks... 2,437 Lime, bbls .... 27."
Hay, tons iVi ! Leather, rolls. .. 5»
FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 27.
Receipts of Produce.
GAME — Doves, per. dozen. $1; Hare, $125;
Rabbits. $1 W> for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard $2@3: Canvasback, ;?2@3 60; Sprig.
$1 50@l 75: Teal, ?1@1 50; Widgeon. $1;
Small Ducks, fl; Black Jack, 51; English
Snipe. S2 60; Jack Snipe. $1 f>0; Gray G*ese.
?3; White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50@2
per dozen; Honkers, $3@4, 50. '
POULTRY — Dressed Tiirkeys. 14@17c; Live
Turkeys. 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings.
$202 25: Ducks. $4®5 for old and $6@7 for
young;. Hens, $4@4 50; young Roosters. $4 50®
6;. old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers. $4@5;-Broil
ers, Sl@5 for large and . $3@»"5O, for small;
Pigeons, $1 50 per ' dozen for old and %'X 50'9
2 75 for Squabs. ¦
Two cars of Eastern Poultry were put on the
market and sold off well. Local Poultry was In
light receipt and dull, with very little fancy
stock offering. ¦
There were no changes in Game. Receipts
were 132 sacks. .- • . i
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— rThere. were reports
that sales of copper have been made for for
ward delivery at liyic While this was not
confirmed it was known that producers are
reluctant to sell for forward delivery during
the first half of this year." The closing; price
wa3 ll@lH4c for lake, 10Ts@llc.for electro
lytic and 10%@10%c for casting. Rumore
that lake had , been sold at HVsC lacked con
firmation. The price for copper at London was
raised £1. with spot closing at £50 and-fu
tures at £50 os. Tin was easier here, with
spot quoted at $23 90@24, At Lonuon there
was an advance of 10s to £108 for spot and
£104 5s for futures. Lead was firm at r $4 10
here, with London prices lg 3d lower at £ 10
17d I Cs. Spelter was dull and unchanged at
New York at. $4 30. but London was 2s Cd
better at £16 17s *>d. 'Iron was steady here.
The j Eurouean markets were a shade lower.
Glasgow closed at 49s fc'd and Middlesboro
closed at 44s 3d. Pig. iron warrants closed at
$11@12; No. 1 foundry, northern. $16 50@17 50;
No.- 2 ' foundry, northern. $16@lo 75; No. ' 1
foundry, southern, -$16@16 50; No. 1 foundry,
southern, soft, $1C@1« 60.
Nezv York Metal Market.
California dried fruits were steady to firm.
PRUNES — 3%@0%c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 10®14c; Moorpark, 9J4@
12% c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18%c; unpeeled, 7»,i
@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS. ' • - :
" The feeling, in evaporated apples Is weak and
the trade is very light. There are no quotable
changes, however. State, common to good,
7(ij8 : ?ic; prime, Oigg'Ac;, fancy, 10#@llc;
choice. 9%@10c.
WHEAT — Receipts, 59.5S0 bushels; exports,
55,078 bushels: spot, easy; No. 2' red. 86% c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, S8%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. S5%c f. 0. b. afloat; No. I
hard Manitoba, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. While
an attempt was made to force wheat prices
higher on colder weather news at the opening,
heavy liquidation promoted extreme weakness,
causing a break of a full cent. The break
was helped by large world's" shipments, lower
cables and'denlals of- any crop damage. .The
market rallied later on export, rumors, small
visible supply increase and covering. The close
was unsettled at %c net decline. March closed
at 84c; May, S2%@33 13-16c,- closed 83%c;
July. 82<&®83 1-ltic, closed 83»ic
HOPS— Dull. .
HIDES — Quiet.
WOOL — Firm. .^ , .
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 6c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 7>,$©llc.
Coffee futures closed barely steady, with
prices 5 to 10 points lower;. total sales, 3S.250
bags, including: February, 5.60c; March,
5.<J5c; May, 5.90c; July, 0.00@6.05c; September,
0.15@6.25c; October, 6.25c; December, 6.35@
6.40c. '
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 9t> test, 3 l-16c;- molasses sugar,
2%c; refined, firm.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
11.233 barrels: exports, 7300 barrels; Influenced
by the break in grain to-day, flour was weak
and a shade lower. Minnesota patents, $3 SO®
4 10; Minnesota bakers',. $2 95@3 30.
Nezv York- Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27. — To-day's state
ment cf the Treasury balances shows: • Avail
able cash balances, $174,909,517; gold, $91,-
S23.2S1. ; ¦
Condition of tfie Treasury.
Bait & Ohio 2,600 102 101U 101ft
Bait & Ohio pfd 98
Canadian Pacific .. 1,000 113 112% . 112&
Canada Southern... 3,«00 o7>4 86'i 86^
Ches & Ohio 800 45% 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton... 800 34V* 33% 3354
Chic & Alton pfd 70
Chic Ind & Louis.. 1,300 51 50% 51
Chic Ind & L pfd, 400 76 75& 75%
Chic & East 111 2,000 142% 138 142 ',4
Chic & Great West. 1,200 22% 22% 22%
Chic G West A pfd 83
Chic a West B pfd 100 43% 43% 43%
Chic & Northwest. 700 212% 211 212Vi
Chic RI & Pac... 700 155% 155 155%
Chic Ter & Tr 100 1714 17& 17
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 100 32 S2 32
C C C & St Louis.. 1,200 98 »«V6 97
Colo Southern .;.. 200 14% 14 Va 14 M
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 100 60 60 CO
Colo Sou 2d pfd.... 000 29' 28% 28 U
Del & Hudson 1,000 172 170% 172
Del Lack & West. 300 270% 270 206
Denver & R G 100 42Mt *2Vt 42
Denver & R G pfd. 800 OO14 90 U 9014
Erie 24.000 3S% 37% 38^4
Erie 1st pfd 5,000 10% 69& 70>»
Erie 2d pfd 2,000 55% 55 55%
Great Northern pfd SOO 185% 185 »£ 185
Hocking Valley ... 200 68% 68 OS^i
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 W«a 81 >4 81 Vi
Illinois Central ... 300 13» 138% 133
Iowa Central .,.-... 38
Iowa Central pfd.. 300 72% 72% 72
Lake Erie & West. 400 07 60 '67
Lake E & W pfd... 200 128 127 125
Louis & Nash 2,700 102% ¦ 1O2V6 -1021,4
Manhattan L 5.900 135>4 134VL 134%
Met St Ry 14,500 171 V4 168ft 1«»%
Mexican Central .. 1.800 28V 4 28 28Vi
Mex National 2,100 15% 15>4 15%
Minn & St Louis.. 100 105 105 105
Mo Pacific 3,700 101U 100V1 101%
Mo Kan & Tex 100 24">i ,24% 24%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 300 32 »i • 52 52 1%
N J Central .... l'JO
N T Central 6,900 160% 159>.'' l«0!i
Norfolk & West 2,200 55^, 55i£ 55»4
Nor & West pfd... 100 92 !4 «2VL 92
Ontario & West... 3,400 33 ',4 33 «» 33 »«
Pennsylvania 10,400 14SVj 147% 148%
Reading 30.700 55% 55% o5
Reading 1st pfd... I 1.U00 .81% 80% 81-
Reading 2d pfd 8,01X1 01 V- 60% 6114
St L & S F 3.500 62% 60% 00%
St L & S F 1st pfd .... 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,100 74>£ 73% 7:5»i
St L Southwest 100 2ti% 20% 21j»jj
St L Southwest pfd 600 59 5SV> 03^8
SfPaul : 24,300 101% 160U, 101%
Bt Paul pfd 100- 187 187 >.-. 1S(5%
Southern Pacific .. 12,20<i 58% 5S 5SVs
Southern Ry 7.3«.»0 32% 31% 32
Southern Ry. pfd.. 2,900 IKS 92% m%
Tex & Pac 100 38 3S' 31%
Tol St L & West.. 300 1S% 19 19 VI
Tol St L & W pfd.. 300 36 'M 35%
Union Pacific 21,000 10u% 'JJ% 100 li
linion Pacific pfd. , 5iX> SS 87% 87-J*
XVabash 3.800 22% 22 22
Wabash pfd 2,000 42V* 41% 41%
Wheeling & L E.. 400 17 Vi "17 17
W & L E 2d pfd * .... 28
Wisconsin Central. 900 20U 19% 19%
Wis Cent pfd.. 400 ,40 39% 39
Express Companies — '
Adams ' 195
American ....' ,. .... .... 210
United States .... .... 102
Wells Fargo ioo
Miscellaneous — ¦ -• ...
Amalg Copper..... 80,500 73% 71% -73%
Am Car & Foundry 700 29 29 28%
Am Car & F pfd 85
Am Linseed Oil 15.
Am Linseed Oil pfd 41
Am Smelt & Ref.. 6,200 48% 47% 47%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 800 97 ¦ 0014 06%
Anaconda Min Co.. 10,000 32% 31 V> 32%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 3.600 65 64% 04%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,700 85 84 84 U
Consolidated Gas.. 600 216% 216%. 216 '
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 400 117% 117 116%
General Electric... 800 279 277 277V-
Glucose Sugar 3.400 50 48% 48%
Hocking Coal 14%
Internatnl Paper.. 1,700 19% 19 JOVi
Internatl Paper pfd 75%
Internatnl Power 87
Laclede Gas; .'. 90
National Blacuit... 100 44% 44"/. 44^
National L«ad 4,300 19V4 17V> 189i
National Salt...... ..„ 30
National Salt nfd.. -200 63 61 (50
North American... gg
Pacific Coast 73
Pacific Mail 200 46% 40 45%
People's Gas l,(j00 101 100 # 100%
Preseed Steel Car 33%
Prpesel Steel C ofd srj '
Pullman Pal Car .... ' 219
Republic Steal 200 10% 16% 10
Republic Steel pfd. *100 68% 68% 68%
Sugar 32,200 120% 123% 125%
Tenn Ccal & Iran.. 1.G00 62 61% 61%
Union Bae & P Co .... 13
Union P.&P Co pfd 72%
U S Leather S00 11% liu uu
U S Leather pfd..'. 1,000 SOVi SO > 80
U £ Rubber 100 14% 14% 1.1%
U S Rubber pfd... 100 50% 50% 50 M
U S Steel 10.000 42% 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd 6,700 !>2% 92% 02%
Western Union 700 91% 90% '90%
Am Locomotive 10ft.'" 31 ' 31 30%
Am Locomctv pfd.. 400 91 90% "90%
Total sales 432,050 shares..
NEW YORK BOND MARKET.
US ref 2s reg....ld8% L& N unlf 4s. . ..101V4
U S ref 2s coup... 108%, Mexican Cen 4s.. 82%
U S 3s reg 108 Do 1st inc 32
U S 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s..lO4»i
V S new 4s reg.. 139 |M K & T 4s m
U S new 4s coup. 140 Do 2ds .... H'i
U S old 4s reg. .111% N Y Central lsts.lO3»i
U S old 4s coup. .111% Do gen 3%s ...108%
U S 5 S resr 106 N J. Cen Ben 5fc-..135»i
U S 5s couu 107».i Northern Pac is..l(i.">
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% Do 3s 74%
Do adjst 4s ... 92% Norf & W con 4s.lO2%
Bait & Ohio 4s. . .103%; Reading gen 4s... 98%
Do 3%s ........ 95%:st L & I M con 5sllS
Do conv 4s 104%' St L & S F 4s.. 90%
Can South 2ds....lO9% St L & S W lsts. »S%
Central of Ga 5s.lll Do 2ds ... . 78%
Do 1st inc 79' San AftAPK, 89
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7V4 Southern Pac Is.. 93%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84»4 Southern Ry 5s... 119k
CB&Q new 4s.. 96 (Texas & Pac lsts.121
C M & St P pi 4S.113 I Tol St L & W 4s. 82%
C & N W con "s.140%- Union Pacific 4s.. 104%
CR I & P4s 10S%| Do conv 4s. ....105%
C C C&St L gn 4s.l03%; Wabash lsts ....119%
Chi Term 4s...... 88 Do 2ds 114
Colo & South 4s.. 92% Do deb B «73i-
Denver & R G 4s. 102% West Shore 4s 112
Erie prior lien 4s. 93 |w & I, Erie 4s.. 92%'
. Do gen 4s oSU.Wiscon Cen 4s.. 88%
Ft W & D C lst.107 Con Tob 4s... . ~* 67%
Hocking Val 4%s.lOS *
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. •
• Money— (United Fruit .... 86
Call loans 3%@4% U S Steel .... 42%
Time loans....* 05 Do pfd 9214
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 102% Adventure ... «>i
Gas lfits .83 Allouez » 3
Mexican Cen 4s.. '82 Amalgamated 73<i4
N E Gas & Coke. 57% Baltic ... .?... 37%
Railroade— ' Blngham .22%
Atchison ... 75« Cal & Hecla 600
Do pfd 95% Centennial ... ... 12
Boston & Albany. 262 Copper Range ... 56%
Boston & Maine. 192 Dominion Coal «3>4
Boston Elevated.. 1C5% Franklin ... v»iZ
N Y N H & H...210 Isle Royale ....*. 21%
Fitchburg pfd 144 Mohawk ........ 31 «i
Union Pacific 100% Old Dominion . . 2"&
Mexican Central.. 27%'Osceola ... ..... S2%
Miscellaneous — j Parrot ... ;.. 30 V,
American Sugar.. 125% Qulncy 135
Do pfd 116%. Santa Fe Copper. S
Amer Tel & Tel.. 159 | Tamarack' ::. ...255 :
Dom Iron & Steel. 27% Trimountain . : . . . 57%
General Electric.\277 United States... . 15
Mass Electric ... 3314 Utah '2.1%
Do pfd ..-. 92 Victoria ........ «
N E Gas &. Coke. 5 Wolverine .47*4
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 1 Mo Kan & Tex 27%
93 13-10 do prefd . ! ! 54
do for account. . 93 £; N Y Central: K'4
Anaconda 6% Norf & Western.. .T7
Atchison ........ 76% do prefd .....'. 93%
co prefd- -.. 98% Ont & Western... 33%
Balto & Ohio 10114 South Ry ....... ;c%
Can Pacific 116% . do prefd il)l*-
Ches & Ohio.:... 40% Southern Pac...'. 59%
Chi Gt Western.. 22% I Union Pac ...... 10'» «T
CM & St Paul.. 165% ao prefd ....... W)V,
D & R Grande... 43% U S Steel ....... 43%
do prefd .....— 93s ¦ do prefd ...:... og%
Erie 1st prefd . . . . 69% Wabash 22 V>
do 2d prefd.... 56 do prefd ....... 42U
III Central ...'.:. 142% Spanish 4s. .'..... 77%
L & Nash..... ;-. .107*4
Bar silver, quiet, 25% d per ounce. Money
2%@3 per cent. .
The rate -of "discount, in v the., open market
for short bills is 3@3% per cent.
"In raisins there is a steady to firm feeling
en seeded and loose spot, with a moderate
Jobbing movement noted for . nearby account.
Borne speculative Inquiry is reported, with
bids of 8%c reported turned down on one or
two Iote for fancy In cartons. Three-crown
loose offer at from 6^c to C%e; 2-crown are
scarce and quotations are nominal and 4-crown
tre held around 7c where obtainable. For
ceeded in cartons 8c to 8^£c covers both choice
and fancy, with 7?ic quoted by one holder for
bulk. Bo far as can be learned the syndicate
has not fixed a b&sis on seeded. We hear of
"s^e for choice and 8c for fancy talked of us
probable coast opening basis, but nothing on
Mlthority is said. In imported raisins 7'/5C is
lnsiie on Valencia layers, and a moderate busi
ness is do ! ng. In prunes spot is quiet, but
steady. Occasional lots for Jobbing account
are moved " within the quoted range, and a
little buying for forward delivery from the
coast is heard of at the 3\ic four-size basis
for new Santa Claras. Oregon prunes are In
moderate stock, but no Important transactions
are heard of. Arricots continue steady, and
s. little firmness is observed amonp bolder?.
Peaches are quiet, and pears very firm and
fcarce on the spot. Dates are without special
feature. Persians show some firmness, and
fair jobbing movement within the quoted
range. Fard dates are dull and show easiness
on the lower bseis. Figs are in fair request
mnd firm. Official figures on stocks In bond
January 1 place the total at 1S2.67G pounds,
compared with 829,275 pounds on January 1,
1901."
Mall advices frcra New York say
Dried Fruits in New York.
.VEGETABLES— Green Peas. Irom Lob An
geles, 5@7c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
10@20c: Cabbage, 40@50c . per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $2 per box and ; $2 25@2 50
per crate; Dried Peppers. 10@12Vic per lb:
Los Angeles, do, lCplSc; Dried Okra. 12 to®
15c per lb; Carrots. 35@50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1@1 50 per dozen for large and
50@75c for small ; Garlic. 1%<7i2Hc: Los An
geles Green Peppers, 20@25c; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles. 20c: • Summer -Squash- from Los
Angeles. $1 25@1 50; Marrowfat Squash. . ?8<@10
per. ton; Hubbard Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms,
nominal. - € - '
ONIONS — Oregons, $2@2 25 for the best and
$1 50@l 90 for lower grades; Green Onions, 40^1
00c oer box. • _ - . . '. . -,"'
POTATOES — $1@1 oO for Burbanks • from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, • $1 00@l 75; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25@1 05; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 40(?l 50; River Reds, $1 50@l b0;
Early; Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 60; Sweets, SI 50
for Merced. '
Los Angeles Peas were plentiful, but other
vegetables were in light receipt and cleaned up
well under a fair local demand.' Tomatoes es
pecially were scarce and high.
Thera is a stronger, feeling in Onions as sup
plies are small here and advices' from Oregon
say that ; owing . to the cold weather It is prob
able that shipments from there will be light.
Potatoes are held" firm ¦ and strictly fs^ncy
offerings meet with ready sale at unchanged
prices, but poor stock is dragging. Three cars
of Sweets came in and sold at an advance.
Receipts of Potatoes were 10,097 sacks, in
cluding the 5947 .' sacks . from Oregon reported
Saturday. " The receipts • of '797 sacks Onions
were also' inclusive : of • the , CCO sacks likewise
reported then. •"" •. .-. : ¦-¦ • •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Jan. 27. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1400; strong. ' Natives, $3 50® 7; cows
and heifers, $1 50@5 40; veals, $3 50@o 25;
bulls and stags, $2 C5@5 25; stockers and feed
ers, $2 25@4 50. •.¦¦-»¦ •
HOGS — Receipts, .4400; opened steady, closed
weak to 10c lower. Light and light . mixed,
$5 S0«f6 29; medium and heavy, $6@6 45; pigs,
$3 C5@4 90; bulk, $G@6 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 240; weaker.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, , . Jan. 27.— CATTLE — Receipts,
21,000,.' including .250 \ Texans. Market -for
Western steady to 10c lower. ' Good to" v prime
steers,, $6 50@7 40; j poor to medium, . ?4@«;
stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 50; cows. $1 25
@5; heifers, $2 50@5 50; canners'., $1 25@2 30;
bulls, $2 50@4 50; calves, *2 50@6 25; Texas
fed steers, $4@5 75. . . ¦•¦• ¦ ¦¦
HOGS — Receipts to-day 44,000; to-morrow,"
estimated, 48,000; left over 10,000.- Market
closed. 5(g»10c lower. Mixed and butchers, $5 00
@6 40; good to choice heavy, $0 25@0 50; rough
heavy, $(S@<j 20; light, $5 60®<J; bulk of sales,
$5 G0<®6 30. T • '. •
• SHEEP — Receipts, 22.C0O; steady to strong.
Good to choice wethers, $4 30@5; fair to choice
mixed, $3 75@4 25; Western fed sheep, ?4<g)
5 25; native lambs, $3 50@5 90;, Western lambs,
fed, $5@5 SO.
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
The buoyancy of Kafflrs absorbed all atten
tion in the stock maket on this, their, settle
ment day. Despite the big speculation in
these shares, Contansoes were rather easier at
8 per cent. The general markets were cheerful
on the .war news, consols wera heavy early on
the rush for -new issues and, the fact that, the
London City Council will presently be an
nouncing a £3,000,000 Issue at 3 per cent, but
they hardened later.
•Americans were lifeless and sagging, despite
the New York bank statement awaiting a de
cision on the Northern Securities suit.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial - cablegram says : .
London Market.
* : _ — : — ! i : 4
LIVERPOOL. ¦ • '•• -
Wheat— , v , ¦ March. May.
Opening . .^ ..............'. . . .01 %' ' 6 1 K
Closing. ...;.. ......6 94 ' 6 li»
PARIS.
- Wheat — . ..' ¦¦ ..¦¦¦¦' Jan.'" " Mar. -June.
Opening .......;.......„.. 2165- -.22 60
Closing 2155 , '22 55
Flour— -,' . . . . ¦ ¦¦ l - \'Js
Opening ...'.. 27 60 '28^0
Closing ..•...."............. 27 55 28 30
NEW YORK, Jan. 27. —Money on call was
easy at 2%@3 per cent, closing bid and asked
2®3 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@5
per cent. Sterling exchange was , steady, with
actual business in bankers' /bills at ?4 87@,
4 SS'/s for demand and $4 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 85 and $4 88. Commercial
bills, $4 83%@4 841/4. Bar silver, 54%c. Mexi
can- dollars. 44%c. - Bonds — Governments,
strong; States, Inactive; railroads, . irregular. v
New; York Money Market.
Beans continue dull and prices show but lit
tle change. Arrival of 3942 . sacks , : Flaxseed
from Washineton*. ' . .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 45:' Srpall White.
S3 10@3 25; Large ¦ White, $2 75@3; - Pea, $3 50
{M- Pink. 51 75@2 05; Red, ?2 25@2 50; Black
eye. $3 50@3 65: Limas, $4 40@4 60; Red Kid
ney's, $3 50@3 75 per ' ctl. .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard; > $2 S5@3; Tellow,
Mustard $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Canarj.
3«4@3V-c for Eastern: -Alfalfa, from Utah.
8%c: R'ape, HJ@l%c; Hemp,' 3^c per lb. ,
DRIED PEAS— Niles, %\ 2501 63; Green.
$1 25@1 50 per ctl."
Beans and Seeds.
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered. 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.S0c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags, only). 4.70c: Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c: D. 4.10c: barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 5Oc more;
50-lb bags, 10c more, No orders taken for less
than 75, barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene.
22c: deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15c: In
cas^E. 2iy.c: Benzine.' In. bulk, 14c: in cases.
20%c; se-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in
case*. 2(5%c.
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, rer lb. In 10O-lb bags:
OIL. — California Caster Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c: pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels,
boiled, 74c; raw, 72c: cases, 5c more; Lucol.
C4c for boiled and' 62c. for raw, in barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels, 90c;
cases, 95c; China Nut. 57%®68c .per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot. In barrels. 70c: cases, 75c;
Srerm, pure, C5c; Whale Oil, natural white,
40@30c per gallon: Fish Oil. barrels. 37*£c:
rases, 42%c: Cocoanut QU. barrels. 63%e for
Ceylon and 58%c for Australian.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleid
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Coos Bay, $5 BO; Wallsend, $S 50: Co-operative
Wallsend. $8 CO; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$15; Welsh Anthracite. $14; Cannel, $11 par
ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: lo
cal make, ',4c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c: Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc.
General Merchandise.
The week, opens on a quiet and unchanged
market. •<
.Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : . -_ '.¦'¦' ':'¦'¦
BEEF— 7@7%c for»Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows. •
VEAL— Large, 7'/.@9c: small. 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@S%c: Ewes. 7%@8n
per '*» *i*f ri ftHf Mi^lHM> , ' i ?tyBiwMff f *W > 'y* f ' Mra1 i
UMF — Yearllntis. 0@OV-ic -per . lb: SprinK
Lamb, lie per lb.
PORKi-Llve Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 5%fl
6c; under 150 lbs. 5%«5%c;soft hogs. 5@5&c;
sows. 20 per cent off; boars. 30 per cent off,
and stags. 40 per cen.t off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7®8%c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the. Butte:
narket was steady; creameries, 15@24%c
lairies. 14@20c; cheese, steady, 10&@llc
>Sgs. firm, fresh 23@25c.
Silver a fraction off. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat weaker. Ba rley rather h ighcr.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Hay firm, Straw higher and Feedstuff s unchanged .
Beans and Seeds about the same.
Butter and Eggs rather better cleaned up. Cheese plentiful.
Dried Fruits firm and unchanged.
Hams, Bacon and Lard i-2c lower.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry put on.
Potatoes firm. Onions and Tomatoes advanced.
Three cars of Oranges auctioned.
Continued light trading in local stocks and bonds.
— Receipts. Shipments.;
Flour, barrels .:..:.... .37.000 - 22,000 I
Wheat, bushels ......... 90 000 52,000 C
Corn, bushels 62,000 158.000 r
Oats, bushejs 141000 .142.000
Rye, . bushels 5 000 ¦?•••<: 7.000 -
Barley, bushels .-..-. 43,000 12,000
The rate of discount . In the open market
for three months' bills is 3%@3^4 per cent. >¦
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ....... ' 20 Little Chief ' : 10
Alice 45 Ontario ........ .7 75
Breece »j5 Ophir ... ........ 75
Brunswick Con ... OS Phoenix ...... 06
Comstock Tunnel.. C5 Potosi ;.. 10
Con Cal & Va ;i 00 Savage ... ....... 04
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada .... tlo
Horn Silver ..... .1 50 Small Hopes ....... 40
Iron Silver ... 60 Standard .'.3 40
Leadville Con .... 05
SUMMARY OF THE. MARKETS.
$6 00@7 CO; .Volunteer, $fi@S 50; Stock, $P@
7 50 per ton. ¦
STRAW— 35<§ 55c per bale.
Hay ; continues firm under light receipts and
the general bellef.t'hat not enough rain has yet
fallen, to insure the. .crop.: Prices are un
changed. Straw is in light supply and higher.
There is no change in Feedstuff s.
BRAN— $18 50019 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $20@21 50 per ton. ¦
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $18@1S 50 per
ton; Oilcake; Meal at the mill, - $27@28; .Job
bing c $28 50®29; Cocoanut Cake, $20(321: Con-
Meal; - $31@31 50: - Cracked Corn, $31 50@32,
Mixed : Feed. -$16 50(3:17 50. / . . .
HAY — Wheat, $9<B>12; fancy, $12 50@i3;
Wheat and Oat, $3@12 50; Oat, $8 50011 50;
Barley and Oat, $S@10; Alfalfa. $SgclO; Clover,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
¦ • Cash quotations were as follows : Flour, easy.
No." 3 spring wheat 2 red,- 82% c;
No. 2 oats.. 4214043c; : No -2 white. 42%c; No.
3 white, 42%@44c; No. 2 rye, 58%c; fair.to
choice - malting barley,-.59<S:C2y.c:; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 B6% : No. 1. Northwestern. $1 70%:
prime- timothy seed. - $6 40(5 '0 45 ; mess pork,
per bbl, $15 60@10 70; lard, per 100 lbs. $9 22 %
@9 25; short ribs sides (loose), $8 15@8 30; de
salted shoulders (boxed), 7U@7Vic; short clear
sides (boxed). $8 70@8 SO- 'whisky, basis of
high wines. $1 32; clover, contract grade. $9 55.
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 0%c; Salted Veal, 9%c:
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls.- 14c:
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf." 18@18%c; ¦ Culls and
Brands ]«c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@3Oc
each; short "Wool. 40@60c each: medium, 65®
75c; Ions Wool..S0c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3.for large and ?2 50 for 'medium,
II 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $V15 for Urge. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for Bmall and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras,- 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. .< 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%©6c per lb;
No. 2. 4V'@5c; grease, 2% @Sc. •
WOOL-^Fall. San < Joaquin. 6®8c; San Joa
quln Lambs' 7%@8%c; Middle County. 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do.
tall. 14@15c per lb. "
HOPS— 0@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. - Local dealers quote 10@15c
lor shipment.
Articles — Open. High. 'Low.- Close.
: - Short ribs, per 100 lbs— •
January ........... • ....' 8 20
May ../........- 8 45' V 8*50 8 35 •„':.$ 40 '
July ........;.. 8 55 8 55 8 45 ? 8 50 '¦¦
extra cream do, $4; ; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25 ; - Buckwheat v Flour, - $4@4 25 ; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; : Farina. $4 50; .¦ Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). . $6 S5@8 33;
in sacks. $6 50@S; Pearl Barley. $5 » Split Peas.
J5; Green Peas. $6 50 per lOOlbs.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CAliL;; TUEiSDAY, JANUARY 2S, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
STATIONS.
Q
P
3
2 2
c
SI
SB
*£•
It 19
So :
3
a
a
Astoria 30.-40 34
Baker 30.44 36
Carson SO. 22 20
Eureka. 30.20 46
Fresno 30.04 4S
Flagstaff 30.0S 26
Pocatello, Ida.30.42 10
Independence .29.94 3S
Los Angeles.. 30. 04 56
Phoenix 30.02 5S
Portland 30. 4<$ 26
Red Bluff 30.10 50
Roseburg 30.32 38
Sacramento ..30.10 48
fialt Lake 30.22 18
Pan Francisco.30.12 50
S. L Obispo..30.10 50
San Diego.. ...30. 06 50
Seattle 30.44 34
Spokane 30.68 10
Neah Bay 30.38 S4
V.'alla Walla. .30.00 J2
¦Winnemueca .30.22 22
Tuma
20 XE
00 KW
10 E
30 X
26 W
12 S
12 KW
10 SE
32 SW
32 N
14 E
30 *J
20 NW
30 N
04 SW
38 W
28 W
40 XV
20 N
10 NE
US Yj
00 S
16 NE
34
Clear .02
Cloudy .00
Snow T.
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .10
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Clear .00
Snow T.
Clsar .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .20
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .04
Clear .02
STATIONS.
Q
P
3
2 2
c
SI
SB
*£•
It 19
So :
3
a
a
Astoria 30.-40 34
Baker 30.44 36
Carson SO. 22 20
Eureka. 30.20 46
Fresno 30.04 4S
Flagstaff 30.0S 26
Pocatello, Ida.30.42 10
Independence .29.94 3S
Los Angeles.. 30. 04 56
Phoenix 30.02 5S
Portland 30. 4<$ 26
Red Bluff 30.10 50
Roseburg 30.32 38
Sacramento ..30.10 48
fialt Lake 30.22 18
Pan Francisco.30.12 50
S. L Obispo..30.10 50
San Diego.. ...30. 06 50
Seattle 30.44 34
Spokane 30.68 10
Neah Bay 30.38 S4
V.'alla Walla. .30.00 J2
¦Winnemueca .30.22 22
Tuma
20 XE
00 KW
10 E
30 X
26 W
12 S
12 KW
10 SE
32 SW
32 N
14 E
30 *J
20 NW
30 N
04 SW
38 W
28 W
40 XV
20 N
10 NE
US Yj
00 S
16 NE
34
Clear .02
Cloudy .00
Snow T.
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .10
Clear .CO
Clear .00
Clear .00
Snow T.
Clsar .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .20
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .04
Clear .02
AUCTION SALES
fe* £V £&
CLOSING OUT SALE
OF THE FOLLOWING STANDARD
Palo Alto Brood, Mares,
2*«1N ALL, INCLUDING
Anselma, 2:2»%, by Ansel. 2:20 (dam of km-
selor. 2:21Vj): Asombrosa by 2:2O*4:
Ben Bird. 2:22, by Electioneer; Cecino by Mea-
docino, 2:l!)^i; Clarion, 2:23%. by Ansel. 2:20:
Clarionette by Dexter Prince; Coralia by
Boodle. 2:12%; Corsica by Daxter Prince: Ella.
2:29. by Electioneer; Elsie by General Benton
(dam of five In the list): Giacinta by Guy
Wllkes. 2:15%: Lady Agnes by Electioneer
(dam of two In the list): Lady Nutwood, 2:34**.
by Nutwood, 2:18% (dam of three in the list):
Ladywell. 2:16%, by Electioneer; Laura Drew
by Arthurton (dam of two In the list): Lena
by Dexter Prince; Lilly Thorn by Electioneer;
Morning Glory by Electioneer (dam of two In
the list); Nellie Benton, 2:30, by General Ben-
ton (dam of two in the list): Ororoae by Ora
Wllkes. 2:11; Sabllng by Guy Wilkes, 2:15V»:
Sonoma, 2:28. by Electioneer: Sylla Barnes by
Whips. 2:27%: Wlldmay. 2:30. by Electioneer
(dam of Wilder, 2:1C 1 A); Zorilla by Dexter
Prince.
All safe in foal to such sires as
McKinney. 2:llii: Iraa Alto. 2:l21i; Nutwood
Wllkes. 2:16%; Mendocino. 2:19%; Exloneer;
Azmoor. 2:20%; Monbells. 2:23%. etc.
Also the following horses: i
Bay stallion. AZMOOR. 2:20%. by Klectioh-
eer, dam Mamie C; brown gelding ALTOWER.
by Altlvo, 2:18%. dam Wlldflower <2), 2:21.
and chestnut gelding MENZIE, by Mendocino,
2:19%, dam Lizzie.
SALE WILL TAKE PLACE AT THE
Occidental Horse Exchange
721-723 Howard Street, San Francisco.
THURSbAY, JANUARY 3% 1902
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. m.
Horses at yard January 27. Send for catalogue.
WILLIAM G. LATXO. Auctioneer.
. This will be the grandest opportunity ever
offered seekers after first-class, handsome trot-
ting mares In foal to the most fashionable sires
in California to get them at their own price.
Many of th«m are young and after their foals .
are weaned will make very desirable roadsters.
A handsomer' lot was never offered. There will
be no reserve. --'jY !
In Conjunction With the
PALO ALTO SALE
I.WILL ALSO SELL
A Two-Year-0!d Bay fetallion by
McKinney, £:II#; dam She,
2:14#- y. "'
A number of roadsters by Diablo (2:09f4).
Stelnway (2:2394), Richards Elector. Haw-
thorne, Dexter Prince, etc., and several fine
carriages, buggies, carts, harness, etc.
WM. G. LAYNQ, Auctioneer.
Great Sale of 'Thoroughbreds
; and Trotting Stock.
EIGHTT HEAD OF STALLIONS. MARES,
COLTS AND FILLIES, FROM THE
SONOMA STOCK FARM.
Xotice is hereby given that under authority
of an order of Court, made December 30. 1901,
J. B. Walden Jr., administrator of the Estate
of James B. Chase, deceased, will sell at pub-
lic auction
TUESDAX FEBRUARY 4. 1902, at 10 A. M..
AT STOCK YARDS. 1732 MARKET ST..
SAN FRANCISCO,
all the great 'thoroughbred producing brood
mares, stallions, yearlings, two, three and four
year old colts and fillies (sisters and brothers to
winners), including the stallion Dare by Imp.
Darebin. and the mares Marigold. Centella.
Mischief Catalina Rebecca and many others
all royaly bred In producing lines. Also 20 head
of well bred trotters.
Catalogues now ready. Stock at yard Friday.
January 31.
W. H. HORD. Livestock Auctioneer,
1732 Market St., San Francisco.
— ~
£^ 5bv
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE at
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth street.
. WEDNESDAY. January 29. at 11 a. m.. we
will sell 40 Head of Good Horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer."WOODLAND, Jan. 27.— Albert Zing was
found dead in a woodshed this evening. Death
was due to alcoholism. He claimed to hav*
been the first native born in Sacramento.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Philip Friedman,
aged 28, and Eirdle Isaacs, 20, both of
Oakland; George J. Donavan, 25. and
Rose Sllveria, 19, both of Oakland; An
drews P. Crane, 44, San Lorenzo, and
Amelia S. Hall, 22, Providence. R. I.;
Georgo W. Ledgett, 38, and Frances Led
gett, 31, both of Oakland. y>\
Licensed to Marry.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— An opinion
was delivered by Justice McKenna of the
United States Supreme Court to-day in
the case of A. N. King and others va. the
city of Portland, Or. The tfuit waa
brought to restrain the enforcement of
street improvements as in violation of the
fourteenth amendment of. the national
constitution, but the court held that un
der the construction of the Oregon Su
preme Court the contention is not justi
fied. Tne court affirmed the decision of
'the Oregon court, which sustained the
assessments as legal.
Declares the Assessment Legal.
Let the state pay for education as it pays
for anything else — for work performed. Let
the state prescribe the grade of secular knowl
elge that it wants and pay for it when it gets
it. whether it be given in a public school or 'in
a private or parochial school. '
. Then . let the Catholic, the Methodist and
the, Presbyterian and tha Episcopalian anil
others who want religious instruction to go
along with that of arithmetic and geography,
build ' their schools as they build their
churches, and in them teach ' the secular
branches that are taught In the other schools
and as efficiently, and let the state pay for it
according to contract -and according to re
sults.
The Bishop said that the Catholic
church was doing much for the world,
insisting on an absolute freedom of con
science for all mankind, and that it of
ten was misunderstood along this line.
He offered a solution for the vexed ques
tion of how religion should be taught in
school. Said he:
Religion in the School.
Caesar, or the state, has the right and , the
duty — a light and a duty coming from God —
to regulate the civil relations of marriage. But
the religious, the spiritual relation.*. God has
reserved to himself.
In upholding thia legislation of the Savior,
the Catholic church ia following strictly theso
other words of his: "Render unto Caesar the
things that are Caesar's and unto God the
things that are God's."
As Christian ministers, you and I agree that
Christ has made a law on this matter. We
may not agree upon the exact extent of that
law. You must admit, however, that no just
interpretation that can be put upon the Sa
vior's words will permit more than one cause
for annulling a marriage and permitting a sec
ond union during the life of husband and wife.
If Christ admitted no cause for such proceed
ing, no power on earth has the right to insti
tute one. If he admitted one and only one
such cause, no power on earth ho» the right
to add others to it. Christ's words are clear:
"What God hath joined together let not man
put asunder," and he pronounces as guilty of
a crime those who shall attempt to do so.
All thoughtful men agree that the home and
family are the fountain source of the social
order. The Catholic church Is conferring upon
the world an Inestimable blessing in insisting
upon the sacrcdne3s and the indissolubility
of the marriage tie as the foundation of home
and family. .
Marriage Tie Is Sacred.
At the conclusion of the paper all dis
cussion and criticism were set aside, and,
on motion of Rev. "Will A. Knighten of
the Methodist church, the ministers voted
to commend the paper and express their
high approval of the Bishop's views, hop
ing at the same time that he would meet
with the association again.
"What Catholics Are Doing for the
World" was the subject, and Bishop
Montgomery handled it with tactfuf abil
ity, leaving out all doctrinal points and
dwelling upon some matters of common
interest to which all thougntful ohurcn
people are giving consideration. Among
other things, he said: .-•-;•--
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27.— Clergymen
from nearly every Protestant sect in and
around Los Angeles listened to a paper
by Bishop Montgomery of the Catholic
church, read before the Ministerial Union
this morning. The Bishop's theme was
along purely religious lines, and the ap
pearance of a Catholic prelate speaking
to a large audience of Protestant minis
ters that received him with every demon
stration of approval has never been seen
in Southern California before. i-j. i' : <
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dwells Upon Questions of In
terest to All Thoughtful
Christians.
Bishop Montgomery Ad
dresses Protestant
Clergymen.
WHAT CATHOLIC
CHURCH IS DOING
MANN— In this city, January 28, 1902, Rach
¦ ael Mann/ wife of tho late David Mann, and
' mother of* Mrs. D. Cohen, Mrs. . I. ;Kllne,
H Mrs." J.VAdelson and "Robert, ; Joe,; Leo' and
Rosie . Mann, - a . native of Germany," aged 75
', ¦" s ; ear3 ; 8 'months and 0 days. ;
DIED.
VICTORIA, B C, Jan 27— Lifebuoy marked
Red Rock,* Glasgow, picked up on Long Beach,
near Clayoquet. ¦ also cases salmon and - hard
wood " stanchions : and house doors. ; . Ahousatt
Indians found clinker-built boat painted white.
ARRIVED.
, '. . ' ' . Monday, January 27.
' Brig Consuelo. : Paare. IS days from : Hana.
:- MISCELLANEOUS.'" ;,
¦WICHITA. Kans.. Jan. 27. — Calvin A. Black,
a Chicago traveling man, fell ov*r a banister
oh a hotel stairway here this morning- . and
was killed. • - - .
The Chutes has a good bill. for this Week. :
Lyne and Kennedy: scored a big hit . witti
their clever buck and wing dancing,- Billy
Bryant does , a,- clever , monologue :act" and
Callahan '- and ; Forrest , continue atheir
graceful Terpslchorean sketch v of last
week. -Other ¦ good "numbers are 'the *Glr
• dellers, ; acrobats - and - equilibrists; * Nellies
Chutes.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
; I The' Nordlcal' season . sale opens . to-mof
rowat Sherman, Clay & Co.'s music store.
The dates for the . concerts are February
4. 6 and 8. "
Nordica Concerts.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.—Rep
resentative Tongue of Oregon called on
the President to-day and presented a
long petition, signed by the members of
the courts of his State, members of the
Legislature and prominent citizens gen
erally., protesting against what they un
derstand to be the policy of the Interior
Department as to the policing of | forest
reservations. The petitioners insist" that
the forest rangers now employed, who
are well acquainted with their duties and
perform -them faithfully, should . be re
tained, and the policing of the parks. not
turned over to Inexperienced men.
Favor Retaining the Forest Bangers.
- The tenth annual benefit in aid of the
charity, fund of San Francisco Lodge No.
21 Theatrical Mechanics' l 'Association,
will' take place at the Orpheum Thursday
afternoon, February, 6, «.t 2 o'clock sharp.
Every theater in the city will send its best
bits and; the programme willibe one long
to.be remembered.
Charity-; Fund Benefit.
Variations F minor (Haydn) ; sonate appas
sionata, F minor/ Op. ¦ 57 (Beethoven); im
promptu, G major,* Soiree '• de .Vlenne ' (Schu
bert) ; • ballarde, A . flat : major, ¦• prelude •' No 25'
valse, ' A > flat (Chopin) ; " Gnomenrelgen - (Liszt) '•
Nachtstucke (Schumann) ; , Jongleur (Moszkow
skl); overture (Tannhauser). , ' ' :¦¦.-.--:•-'
Josef Hofmann, the great "pianist, makes
his first appearance ¦ In this city at '.the
Columbia Theater this '¦- afternoon at 3
o'clock. A programme of unusual excel
lence Is " announced. .: Hof mann's second
recital. will take place next Friday after
noon at the Columbia Theater. The pro
gramme ia as follows:,.: , . ¦ ., ;. -.- . :;¦',. ,. .
Hof maim Recital.
/At the suggestion of; the Chamber of
Commerce, the following bills have been
introduced in Congress, by members of
the California delegation: To establish a
fog signal at Fort Winfleld ' Scott, ' Fort
Point, at a cost of * not more : than $7000;
to construct a lightship at Blunts Reef,
off . Cape Mendocino, - at a cost of , $90,000;
to construct a lighthouse and fog signal
station on the larger of the: two Mile
Rocks at the harbor entrance, the cost
to be $100,000; to establish a fog bell and
lens lantern on the southeastern end of
Southampton Shoals at a cost of $30,000.
For. Benefit of Xtocal Commerce.
"Coralie & Co., Dressmakers," a farce
comedy, very Frenchy In Its construction
and dialogue, was the attraction at the
Alcazar Theater last night, and the origi
nal and funny situations afforded no end
of laughter to the large audience. | ' The
plot is simple and Is based upon the dis
covery by the aunt of a young wife of a
note written by a married lady to meet
her at Coralie & Co's. She jumps to the
conclusion -that the . note ) was written to
her niece's husband and the fun begins.
There are one or two risque situations;
particularly in the scene at Coralie &
Co.'s, where a Jealous husband- rushes in
with detectives expecting to find his wife
•with her lover, put instead finds her being
measured for aVdress. This change in the
situation Is caused by touching a button
and the Interior of the > room is instantly
altered.'- Coralie & Co.'s dressmaking es
tablishment > is - also ¦ • a '¦ rendezvous for
clandestine meetings between members of
the two sexes. M. L. Alsop as the sus
pected; young husband threw enough' vim
into the part to make, it interesting and'
amusing. , George Osbourne, as an elderly
husband fond of flirting, was good, and
Frank Bacon, I as Stephen '. Coralie,' . a hen
pecked husband, was very amusing. How
ard Scott and Henry Shumer had ; also
congenial parts. Marian Convere is suffer-'
ing from a severe cold and her part— that
of the supposedly deceived young wife,
was played by Marg-aret Wycherley .very
Alcazar.
Thrilling and spectacular Is the. "melo
drama, entitled "The .Man of . Mys
tery," which is being presented this week
at the Central Theater. It will certainly
please those who delight in the thrill of
dramatic situations and well arranged
climaxes. The play was received last
night by a crowded, house.. The scene
is laid in New York, and centers around
a man who leads a. dual 'life:-. The whole
play affords ample opportunity for the
Central Theater stock company to di-s
play its ability. ' •' . V .
Central.
y. OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— The announcement
that Dr. George C. Pardee was a can
didate for the nomination for Governor on
the Republican ticket ¦was made to-day.
The boom was started at a dinner given
Saturday evening in honor of County
Auditor J. Cal Ewing. Clarence Crowell,
chairman of the Republican County Com
mittee, and J. E. Revalk. State Senator
G. Russ Lukens was toastmaster and an
nounced the fact that Pardee was in the
race for Governor. County Clerk Jordan
is authority for the statement that Par
dee said that he was in the fight to win.
Wants to Be Governor*
The Judge said there had been no fur
ther, evidence offered as to the defend
ant's age except his own statement. Tho
defendant was associated with a known
criminal and made resistance by raising
a chair to attack Quigley. He sentenced
the defendant to seven and a half years
in San Quentin.
Frank Hayes, who was called for. sen
tence. In Judge Cook's court Saturday on
a charge of burglary and claimed that
he was under 18 years of age, again ap
peared yesterday. He and James Wilson,'
who was sentenced to fifteen years in
San Quentin Saturday, I broke into tho
room of Attorney. Quigley at Kearny
and Merchant streets. •
and a Half Years by Judge
Cook.
Frank Hayes Sentenced to Seven
YOUNG BURGLAR SENT . ;|;
r TO SAN QTJENTI3NT
Ben Hendricks, the rarest or fewedes,
is back again with the ever fresh "Ole
Olson" and his company of comedians, in
cluding the Swedish ladies' N quartet, who
are not- comedians at all but sweet sing
ers. Ben improves on each visit, and the
fate of old man Jefferson seems to be in
store for him— to play VOle Olsen" for the
rest of his natural life to delighted audi
ences. Ole Is the whole play— in fact with
out him there would be no play at all, for
all the interest, the comical situations and
the ouiet humor that there are in the
piece . revolve around Ole, the hero. Miss"
Nettie Traubaud, the Genie. Dimple is a
good one, and William Ryan is mirth
fully tuneful as Shingle. .#•'•.
California.
"The Princess Chic" began its second
week at the Columbia; last night .with ' a
large and appreciative audience. The
opera Is an excellent one, and there is
plenty of mirth and music of the right
sort. The songs are for the most part
new and are all most favorably received.
Maud Lillian Berrl receives the lion's
share of applause. The song of the two
soldiers of fortune and the two stewards
also makes a pronounced hit. The en
gagement of "The Princess Chic" closes
Sunday evening, and will be replaced by
"In the Palace ¦ of the King," in which
Viola Allen is leading lady.
Columbia.
Montgomery : in beautifully illustrated
songs, and Du- Bell," aerial balancer. ' . A
series of new moving pictures conclude
the bill, ¦
The United States Local Inspectors of!
Steam Vessels at this port are very much
interested In tfte fate of a bill recently
introduced in Congress by Mr. Morris to
amend the Revised Statutes of the United
States so that the local boards of inspec
tors shall be aided by a jury in their in
vestigations in- cases of incompetency or
misconduct committed by . a licensed offi
cer while acting under the authority of
his license. ¦ .¦'-' .• - ~-c
The new bill • provides that if the ac
cused be an engineer the jury shall con
sist of engineers, but if he be a master,
pilot or mate, then the Jury shall consist
of either masters, pilots or mates. In en
forcing the attendance of jurors the in
spectors shall have the same powers as
•those exercised by the Circuit Court of
the United States. The accused shall be
entitled to be represented by counsel and
shall have, the privilege of,, questioning
and objecting to jurors. The verdict^ of
the jury shall be final , so far as the facts
are concerned,- except that the Board of
Inspectors," if it deems the verdict con
trary to evidence, may set the same
aside. .
If a majority of- the jury shall be sat
isfied that such licensed officer is incom
petent or has 'been guilty of misbehavior,
negligence, unskillfulness or willfully, vio
lated any of the provisions of the statute
they shall so i find in their verdict, and,
thfe board shall thereupon suspend or re
voke the license of the accused, unless it
set the verdict aside. In that case the
board may- render a final decision or it
may 'order a further investigation before
another jury. In the latter, case , the evi
dence taken on. the first investigation may
be read in evidence upon the second. *
- Jurors shall be entitled .to the ; same
compensation as jurors in the United
States' Circuit Court of .the circuit. 1 ' The
jury -shall consist of. not less thp.n. three
nor more than five persons. Thff'right of
appeal is preserved.
Zeigler was married about five years
ago to Miss Harriet Baker of this city,
who is now at her home, and from whom
he had been divorced.
LANCASTER, Pa., Jan. 27.— Harry G.
Zeigler, who shot a woman purporting to
be his wife and then ¦ committed suicide
at Chicago to-day, was a native of this
city and lived here until' three years ago.
He was 26 years old a'nd a son of William
G. Zeigler, station master of the Phila
delphia and Reading Railroad Company.
Young Zeigler served a term on the
school ship Saratoga, and three years ago
enlisted in the regular army and was sent
to the Philippines. The last heard from
him was a year ago, when his father re
ceived a letter dated "Luzon," in which
he eaid he had entered the hospital serv
ice, a circumstance that accounts for his
title of "Doctor."
Saw Service in the Philippines.
Dr. Zeigler and his wife were not known
at the Wellington Hotel. Mrs. Zeigler'a
father is Samuel P. Adams of this city,
•who is said to be wealthy.
When taken to the Samaritan Hospital
it was thought Mrs. Zeigler could not re
cover. After an operation, however, she
showed more signs of life, and, although
the cnances are small, hopes are enter
tained for her recovery. •¦"•.• -,
Mrs. Zeigler was conscious for some
time after the arrival of Dr. Rles. She
confirmed the contents of the note, which
showed that the husband lacked at the
first the determination to carry out their
plans. But she, too, failed, and eventu
ally, she said, her husband shot her and
then, thinking that she was dead, turned
the weapon upon himself.
My photograph belongs to your "paper. We
decided to die, but I lack the nerve to shoot
so my wife, Anna, will do it. Send my body
home to 316 West King street, Lancaster, Pa
Good-by. -„ ¦£. •
A note addressed to a morning news
paper was found in the room. It read:
Leaves Explanatory Note.
The bell boy took her out Into the half
way, saying that her husband might kill
her, and she let him lead her away from
the room. Then he hastened to the office
of Dr. B. L*. Ries, the house physician.
When the latter arrived the husband was
dead and the wife was barely conscious.
"Oh, my husband has shot himself,"
she cried, forgetting in her fear for him
the pain of her own 'wound.
The physician and his" wife arrived at
the Wellington Hotel this morning. They
were young and apparently happy. They
retired to their room and about '3 o'clock
a call came to the clerk's office. When
the bell boy arrived at the room he found
the woman tugging at the door. Blood
was flowing from a wonnd in the back
of her head.
CHICAOO. Jan. 27.— Dr. Harry J. Zeig
ler of 316 West King street, Lancaster,
Pa., fatally wounded his wife, Anna, and
then killed himself this afternoon at the
Wellington Hotel. A note left by the
physician stated that he and his wife
had decided to die together, and as he
lacked the nerve Mrs. Zeigler had prom
ised to commit the act. The woman de
clared, however, that the shooting was
done by her husband.
John B. Potter, Plowright's assistant,
testified that Patrick had shown him a
letter signed by Rice expressing the wish
that after death his body should be cre
mated. The morning of the day set for
cremation he had been called on the tele
phone by Patrick and told that the cre
mation must be called off in consequence
of a telegram he (Patrick) had just re
ceived from Texas, but that it would
probably be held two days later. The let
ter to which the witness alluded was
dated August 3, 1900. It was introduced
as evidence.
It was also decided at this conference
that Rice's papers should be placed in
neutral custody, pending decision as to
who should be in rightful custody.
Charles Plowright, the undertaker who
•was called in by Patrick to prepare the
body of Rice for cremation, testified that
he had said to Patrick that it would Re
quire twenty-four hours to prepare for
cremation, and suggested embalming, to
which Patrick consented.
It was after the witness and Captain
Baker had had a conference with Pat
rick that the witness told Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Osborne that Patrick had
said:
"Why can't you get together and settle
this matter up?"
James W. Girard was recalled, and his
cross-txamination continued. He said he
Vwas one of the counsel retained to sup
port the 1896. or Baker, will before the
. Surrogate. If the 1300, or Patrick, will
were to be sustained, he said, his clients,
the William ai. Rice Institute, would re
ceive several million dollars less than xt
¦would under the 18S6 will.
XEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The second day
of the trial of Lawyer Albert T. Patrick,
accused of the murder of William Marsh
Rice, brought it up to the point where
the cause of the death of the millionaire
is sought to be determined. The first
witness along this line of Inquiry intro
duced by the prosecution was Dr. Ham
ilton Williams, one of the physicians at
tached to the Coroner's staff, who at
tended the autopsy/ The gist of his evi
dence was th£.t the lungs were congested
and that this was due to the inhalation
of some gaseous irritajit and that chloro
form would produce such a condition of
the lungs. He later said pneumonia
could produce the same condition.
Edwin Arden as the rabbi was strong
and Laura Nelson Hall's Zorah was a
piece of faithful work. . Margaret Terry
as the American girl was a success, and
the support throughout was eminently
satisfactory. The staging of the piece is
a' clever piece of work, the scene in the
mines being realistic to a degree.
"Zorah" should draw some : big houses.
• Edwin Arden's "Zorah" at the Grand
Opera-house drew a good attendance last
night and should prove a popular attrac
tion. The story of the drama deals with
the persecution' of the Jewish race in
Russia and unfolds a tale of exceptional
Interest. The principal characters are
Israel Francos, a rabbi, and • Zorah, his
affianced wife. Through the cruelty of a
Jew baiting Governor they are sent to
Siberia on a trumped up charge of con
spiracy.
Their return to ' civilization ¦ is due to
the sickness of the Governor's daughter
of a dread disease in the cure of which
the rabbi has Tjeen successful. In the end
they are given their liberty. . . ~sw
Grand Opera-House.
It is further averred that from the time
the Rio struck the reef until she went
down there was sufficient time to tak<?
off the passengers with a crew skilled
and experienced, but owing to the Ignor
ance and inability of the Chinese crew
to understand the English language and
orders expressed therein, and their fail
ure to render any assistance to the pas
sengers, in endeavoring to save life many
were drowned, among whom was the de
ceased represented by the respondent.
The executrix therefore asks that the pe
titioner be held liable for $51,075, the dam
ages sued for. ' • . .
All the claims filed against the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company for damages on
account of the wreck will be presented in
court to-day by United States Commis
sioner George E. Morse. --;'¦'"
The answer denies that the Rio was
tight, seaworthy, stanch and strong, and
alleges that she was insufficiently and
improperly manned and equipped for the
voyage, and was especially lacking in
competent seamen and' officers; that the
master, officers and crew acted with gross
negligence in attempting to enter the har
bor of San Francisco in a thick fog and
were grossly negligent in . . not taking
soundings while the steamer was at
tempting to enter in the darkness and Ihe
fog. It is further alleged that the sea
men were Chinese and were unable to
understand the English language spoken
by the white officers; that the officers
were inefficient and incompetent for the
reason that they were unable to speak
the Chinese language of the crew, and
that the company was grossly negligent
in failing to provide the full complement
of licensed officers.
Ruth Miller, as executrix of the last will
of Sarah Wakefleld, one of the passen
gers drowned in the wreck of the Rio de
Janeiro on February 22, 1901, filed in the
•United - States District Court yesterday
her answer to the petition of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company asking for a
limitation of liability in the damage suits
pending against it growing out of the
loss of life on the occasion of the wreck.
Young Physician Shoots
His Wife and Then
Kills Himself.
Physician Gives Expert
Testimony at Patrick •
Murder Trial.
Sarah Wakefield Claims
Rio's Crew Could Not
Speak English.
COUPLE DECIDE
TO DIE TOGETHER
Arthur Cunningham is a pleasure to
watch. , His work gets steadily better,
though at no alarming rate. Ills voice,
warm, round and deep, is always good to
hear, and if some one were by to aim a
lively and Intelligent pin at some tender
spot on occasion Mr. Cunningham's work
would gain the speed it now lacks. His
Blakjak is as good a thing. as he has
done, but would bear further caricature
and bloodthirstiness. Ferri3 Hartman is
as much the Ameer as Ferris Hartman
can be anything > but Ferris Hartman,
which no one wants him to be, anyhow,
as he is. of the funniest just as he is. He
does all that is necessary for the part—
and more— and as the cowardly Afghan
amuses the audience with his usual abun
dant success. Annie Myers is- among
those present as the companion of Con
stance; Harry Cashman is Heezaburd
with some success, but Edward Webb
does not look stupid enough as the court
jester. There is some excellent chorus
work and some that needs mending, but
it Is a good show and will be better yet.
Mr. Steindorff.will see to that.
Anna Lichter Is the psima donna so
prano, and has the role of Constance, .the
American girl whose dollars and self are
being railroaded by an ambitious mamma
into the arms of the Ameer. Miss Lichter
has been ill, and there is less of her than
used to warble Aida's woes into the ears
of Avedano two years, ago. She has lost
flesh and gained in voice and looks, and it
is only to be hoped that her warm wel
come and the California climate will not
have their usual disastrous effect and
make another Collamarini out of the now
svelte and slender Lichter. She Is singing
very well, with an added ease and taste,
but was probably not in best form last
night, as her work was not even.
The new ' tenor, Harold Gordon, is : a
taking young fellow, lyrically voiced," and
enough of it, well used, and of very pleas
ing quality. He has not yet taken the
measure of the house and his voice did
not always go for what It is worth last
night. There is nothing much in the part
of Ralph Winston, and Mr. Gordon did it
with grace and self-possession, pleasing
the house immediately. .
Frances Graham has as pretty a voice
as one could wish to i hear, a fine stage
presence and a large, lazy grace that
don't count for quite what they should.
She is singing as well as she used to—
no better— and is in all respects a pictur
esque and tuneful figure as Mirzah.
The Tivoli "Ameer" is not the Frank
Daniels "Ameer," and gains as much as
it loses in the difference. The Frank Dan
iels company depended largely on its
smart frocks and scenery; the Tivoli, as
always, depends mostly on its voices, not
to say that the opera is not put on very
effectively. ' It " Is prettily costumed and
excellently staged and goes already with
commendable smoothness. But it is the
voices that win out, and they are as good
and perhaps better than usual.
corned the old and new singers,
and "The Ameer," barring a few loose
ends, went with flourish and snap. There
were flowers for Anna Lichter, flowers for
Frances Graham and even flowers, for the
new tenor, Harold Gordon, and a general
enthusiasm over the return of the natives.
S, MART and smiling, the comic of
. era company of the Tivoli opene.
i its regular season last night witl
"The Ameer." A large house wel
From the time the Taylor twin sisters",,
who do a skating turn, . go on the stage
to the time the curtain falls at the Or
pheum there is little to be wished for in
the way of amusement. Ada Arnoldson
and the Da Coma family, who with the
Taylo» sisters constitute the hold-overs,
are as popular as they : were last week,
and every one of the new numbers is more
than pleasing. Kelly and Violette, the
fashion plates, are everything the name
implies, and in addition are clever per
formers. The great "cycle whirl," by Gus
Seyfried and F.' W. Sheelor, is extremely
exciting. Riding on the inside of a dip
per-shaped track' these men drive. their
machines at the rate of a mile in 2:10.
When they are going at top speed their
bodies appear to - be parallel . with ~ the
stage.- In .the pursuit race, when one of
the riders . passes : the Sttier, the 'patrons
of the house lose themselves in excite
ment. The track upon which these bicy
clists do their riding is inclined at an an
gle of seventy degrees. Josephine Sabel Is
as funny and as ."full of ginger", as ever.
Jordan and Crouch are two nimble peo
ple who do a song and dance very clev
erly, and the Nambas 1 are two Japanese
jugglers and trapezists who are very
clever. •" •&&{%+¦$?¦
Orpheum.
charmingly. Marie Howe as # Madame
Coralie, and Lillian Elliott as the meddle
some aunt, were excellent. Oza. Waldrop
was clever "as Felicie,- the • maid, and
Georgie Woodthorpe made a hit as Double
Blanc, servant for Coralie & Co.
CHINESE SEAMEN
NOT COMPETENT
The annual meeting of the wireless
telegraph company here was held last
week. Since last November the service has
been Interrupted, owing to the financial
difficulties of the concern. At the meeting
the" matter of reopening the service was
discussed, and the directors were author
ized to secure the necessary funds by bor
rowing. Some Improvements are to . be
made in the service. : i • 'V-
The directors of the .First Nationla
Bank have decided to hold another stock
holders' meeting on March 8, it being ad
mitted that President Brown was in error
in ruling out the proxies held by Colonel
G. W. McFarlane, representing the Anglo-
Californian Bank of San Francisco and
other interests at the last meeting. It Is
understood that Colonel McFarlane, who
has a controlling majority of stock in his
hands with the proxies admitted, will
ha^te a new candidate for president to
succeed Brown.
The motion by' the Government, for a
new trial in the second Pearl harbor case,
against the Honolulu Plantation Com
pany, has been submitted to Judge Estee.
Negotiations looking to a compromise of
other cases, which do not involve much,
are under way. In the Honolulu Planta
tion case the jury awarded $105,000 for a
39-year leasehold interest, with some Im
provements in land which the former
jury valued In fee at $52,737.
The records of Honolulu continue to
show that the police have great difficulty
in looking after Porto Ricans who were
imported as plantation workers. There
are forty of them in Oahu jail now, a)l
serving time for vagrancy. Petty thievery
is epidemic in Honolulu, and there have
been many burglaries and hold-ups. All
unemployed Porto Ricans and others are
being given chances to go to plantations
with the alternate of serving time.
Acting under an order of court issued by
United States Judge Estee, Captain
Merry, U. S. N., is about to take formal
possession of the 561 acres of "land con
demned at Pearl harbor in the name of
the Federal Government. He will raise
the flag on the land and take it over for
the Navy Department. Work will begin
at once on preparations for the naval sta
tion. 'iWc-:,
HONOL.TJL.TJ, Jan. 20.— The steamer
Niihau, which arrived from Kauai on the
15th, brought five Japanese sailors who
had been adrift and helpless witnout sup
plies for five days in a fishing-boat.- They
¦were finally -wrecked and got ashore on
the island of Niiha, where they, awaited
the steamer. The men suffered fearfully
with thirst and hunger, and were near
death when' they reached land. They had
been | fishing and had been blown from
land by a gale.
SEA CAPTAINS
MAY HAVE JURY
.Oberman spoke of the numerous fail
ures in' the brewing world. The industry
was thoroughly American, with American
labor at high wages, but he declared that
it was not^reated like other American
industries, v
I Brand referred to the enormous surplus
glutting the treasury and said this should
impel- an immediate performance of the
promises heretofore made that the war
tax should be repealed.
Crane said the present tax was particu
larly onerous \on small brewers and that
its continuance would bring about a large
number of failures.
A local delegation representing the Na
tional Retail Malt " Liquor Association
urged the repeal of the beer tax from the
standpoint of the retailers,
r .This closed the hearing on the beer tax.
: ' ¦
Failures in the Brewing World.
'At the afternoon session the beer people
were represented by officials of their or
ganizations, including N. W." Kendall of
New Haven, Conn., : president of the
United States Brewers' Association;
George O. F. Berman, Baltimore, chair
man of the committee on federal relations
of that association; Rudolph Brand, Chi
cago, former president, and Robert Crane,
Baltimore, of the board of trustees. Many
members of the House. attended the hear
ing.
President Kendall said assurances had
been given when the war taxes were im
posed that they were for war purposes
and would terminate with the war. There
was no trust In the brewing trade, he de
clared, and , if- large fortunes had been
made in the business it .was before the
Spanish war. He referred to "three men
engaged in the iron industry, reaping
an annual profit of $60,000,000 from their
business." - The breweries had paid : to
the Government in 1900 $73,550,754 and their
profits either had: been wiped out entirely
or reduced to a pittance.
. A.' B. 1 Johnson, recently United States
Consul at Amoy, China, gave as a result
of his experience that the duty had op
erated to stop the shipment* of poor tea
to this country, and that the duty had
fallen on the Chinese dealer instead of on
the American dealers and consumers.
The opposition to the proposed reduction
was opened by W. J. Buckfield, a tea im
porter of New York. He said the 10-cent
duty had operated beneficially in keeping
out the poor grades of tea, -including the
Japan tea dusts, which had been mixed
with other teas. This gave the country
better qualities of tea, and eventually an
improvement in quality would lead to an
increased consumption of tea. He stated
that? the . price of tea would advance by
the removal of the duty, and he said
prices already had advanced in the ex
pectation that the tax would be removed.
Tea People Hold. Different Views.
Thomas Philan and Martin Roch of New
York, • John Moore of Boston, John Ma
gruder of Washington and others spoke
along similar lines in favor of taking off
theteaduty. • .. . ¦ .'••', •
' Fifth — As the : country ' is already heavily
taxed on • the principle of protection, it should
not.be doubly taxed upon an article which de
mands no protection.
Fourth — As the tea duty is a •war. tax, it
should | be removed how that the war Is over
and there is a surplus in -the treasury.
Third— The poorer classes pay the tax in full
and the better classes are gradually being de
prived of the best tea.
First — The duty is an. excessive hardship
upon the I four classes of people interested —
consumer, • retailer,. . wholesale grocer and tea
importer. ¦ . • ¦< ¦¦¦:¦- • ¦•¦-.¦
Second — The duty is injuring permanently
the quality: of tea sold and consumed. i>>\"
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The Ways and
Means Committee to-day, temporarily, set
aside the- question. of ; Cuban reciprocity
and entered upon the 'question of reducing
the warjrevenue taxes. During the morn-
Ing the tea. interests were heard on the
proposition to take off .the tax of 10 cents
a pound on tea imposed by the 1 Spanish
war. revenue act. This afternoon was set
aside ' for the beer interests. The tea in
terests were numerously represented.
Some, of i those present opposed ¦ the pro
posed change, and Chairman Payne di
vided the time so that both sides might
be heard. Albert B. Sloan of New. York,
president of the Tea Duty . Re
peal Association, made the opening state
ment. He, summed up the appeal for re
duction as ; follows: :
Hein came to America eighteen years
ago. . He brought with him a wife and
four sons. Hein was never regularly em
ployed at anything, and his means of live
lihood was a mystery until it became
known that he was a remittance man and
that every year a certain amount of
money was sent him from Germany.
Yesterday afternoon Henry Rahlman,
the grocer, called at the recluse's home
and knocked at the door. Receiving no
response he called Officer Ennis, who
broke down the door of the place. Then
the emaciated body was found.
Whether this peculiar man deliberately
starved himself to death or whether
owing- to weakness he was unable to
reach the food are matters of conjecture.
Considering the man's past there is little
doubt that he was insane. His eccen
tricities tend to bear out the first supposi
tion concerning the manner of his death.
-When found dead . Hein was seated on
an inverted bucket, attired only in. his
underclothes. Dearth' of sustenance had
reduced him to a mere skeleton. His
chin rested on his bony fingers and his
long hair, uncut for ten years, fell around
his shoulder?. The uutopsy surgeon said
it was starvation,- yet three feet from the
ghastly corpse was food that might have
kept life within him.
No visitors were ever received, in fact,
none were ever known to call. From what
the neighbors say he had not a single
friend.
His wife died in much the same manner
eight years ago, one of his sons commit
ted suicide, another attempted suicide
and two more are at present connned^in
the Napa Insane Asylum.
Since the death of his wife Hein has
never spoken to a single human being.
When the Morgue deputies were lifting
the woman's remains into their receiver
he requested them "not to hurt her." Then
his lips became sealed in a silence that
was never broken. He left his house in
frequently^-only to visit a grocery in the
vicinity. If the proprietor was not there
he returned to his seclusion!
Were the owner of the grocery present
he would pass him a slip of paper on
which was written what he desired, but
he never uttered a word of explanation.
Children shunned the house when' they
heard of its mystery. It was, a small cab
in at 1201 Sixteenth avenue South. Its
doors were always barred, and curtains
cut from sack cloth, obscured the win
dows. The recluse owed . the .water col
lector $1 each month. When the collector
called a hand protruded from the window
and the collector received his money from
the grimy palm. None of the neighbors
ever saw the man's face except when
necessity drove him to the grocery store.
Then his absence from the house was
short. He never went elsewhere.
• The pangs of starvation brought death
to Hans Hein, an aged German recluse,
as he sat in a lonely, cabin, yet food in I
plenty lay within the fall of his shadow..
The story of the aged man's life and trag
ic death brings out a series of singular cir
cumstances that eclipses these often re
lated in fiction. He has been known for
eighteen years as the "funny man," and
his abode as the "funny, house."
TRYING TO FIND
CAUSE OF DEATH
Nevada rounders assert that the recent
addition of luxurious chairs, warm rugs,
cozy tires and convenient" tables to tbe
Palace Hotel office equipment . signifies
a Senatorial contest in our sister State
quite as interesting as the battles in
which James G. Fair and William Shar
on figured. Newlands, as one of the rep
resentatives of the Sharon estate, is very
properly Interested in the management of
I the Palace Hotel, and whatever comfort
\te may offer in his hotel to his political
constituents in Nevada will be appreci
ated by the politicians of our resident
population. In fact, everything that goes
to the promotion of blissful life in Ne
vada brings a blessing: to California.
The Southern Pacific.
It is common gossip that the new man
agers of the Southern Pacific Railroad
¦will not interfere In the Nevada contest
to help or hinder Newlands. but it is sur
mised that the company will neverthe
less keep sharp lookouts to signal any
dang-er - of a hostile Legislature. The
story goes in railway circles that the
plotters against C. M. Hays kindled a
back fire in Nevada to scorch the com
pany and convince the New Yorkers that
ft would not be wise to withdraw the
corporation from politics. The old graft
ers on the Southern Pacific payroll want
to demonstrate in some fashion that
their services are needed. They are ready
to provoke hostility against the road in
order to get employment in allaying the
strife. The railroad programme at pres
ent is to keep out of Nevada politics, but
events may force a change of tactics.
Palace Hotel Luxuries.
stacles, but if they succeed Xewlands will
doubtless capture the Senatorship. The
Nevada Legislature consists of thirty
Representatives in the lower house and
fifteen in the upper branch. Xewlands
•will need twenty-three votes on joint bal
lot to gain the coveted honor. It appears
that the gubernatorial contest is in some
way connected with the campaign for
United States Senator, and as there are
three aspirants for Governor the fusion
aspirant for Senator must be careful in
making' his combine. •
> ; ;, Th.e Promoters of Fusion.
The promoters of the political scheme to
nicrfre the Democrats and silverites into
one party may encounter unexpected ob-
that Senator Johit P. Jones is ready to r*
tire to private life- His terra of continuous
r service in the Senate is one oi the longest
on record, and his friends understand that
he is more than willing to take a rest.
Republicans of Nevada, however, may in-
Fist on naming him as their candidate
and making vigorous effort to gain con
trol cf the Legislature. It Is quite well
understood that Frank G. Ntwiands re
lies for success on a fusion of the Silver
and Democratic parties.
Gossip of the Nevada politicians is to
the effect that Frank G. Newlands' ambi
tion to represent that State in the United
States Senate will be gratified, j It is said
Duties Work Excessive
Hardship.
Claim Is Made That Present
Yet Autopsy Show3
; Inanition.
Food Lay Within Reach,
Politicians Assort That Jones
Wants to Retire Frcjn
Public Life.
.Work Is to Begin at Once on
the Naval Station at
¦ * ¦ Pearl Harbor :f:^
Reach Island of Niihau
in a Half-Famished
Condition.
Senate Committee Hears
Arguments of Tea and
Beer Interests. r
Hans Hein Starves in
Lonely Gabin Where
He Lived. *
Fusion Relied en to Elect
Frank G. N . v: inds
toSena.»
SAILORS ADRIFT
FOR FIVE DAYS
ASK REDUCTION
OF WAR TAXES
AGED RECLUSE
DIES OF HUNGER
NEVADA BATTLE
FOR THE TOGA
THE SAN FBANCISCQ CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1902.
Comic Opera Has 'the: Boards and First Night's Performance
Is • Pleasing— Fun Can Be Found at California, Excite
ment at Orpheum and Entertainment at Other Theaters
NATIVES BACK AT TIVOLI
TO CHARM THEIR FRIENDS
THE LITTLE WOMAN WITH THE
BIG VOICE WHO IB SINGING AT
THE ORPHEUM.
C
9
ADVEBTISEBDBHT3.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
ECZEMA'S
ITCH IS TORTURE.
Eczema is caused by an acid liumor in
the blood coming in contact with the
skin and producing great redness and In»
flammation ; little pustular eruptions form
and discharge a thin, sticky fluid, which
dries and scales off ; sometimes the skin is
hard, dry and fissured. Eczema ia any
form is a tormenting, stubborn disease,
and the itching and burning at times are
almost tmbearablc ; the acid burning
humor seems to ooze out and set the skin
on fire. Salves, washes nor other exter-
nal applications do any real good, for as
long as the poison remains in the blood
it will keep the skin irritated.
BAD FORM OF TETTER*
"For three years I 49
had Tetter ou ray &£*&*
hands, which caused Mifflf5rnMfc *
them to swell to twice Jamwjgam
their natural size. Part ®^??^^«
of the time the disease fiESs' : ??-.!j Tm
¦was in the form of run- .Tpfanrfo *—v B
ning sores, very paia- fh^>5e<| J"SP^- Q
ful, and causing me BlpPgL^' 7
nuch discomfort. Four rlS0f%t^ «S
doctors said the Tetter j^^gSS /pK
had progressed too far '^e*.'*
to be cured, and they XmaKSs^-tftPffimKi
could do nothing for '''^<mSS^&S&tt£
bottles of S. S. S. and 'ffl^^^^Sj^^ffi^
was completely cured. fHHBSi^ V^ "3tP*
This was fifteen years
ago, and I have never - - ...
since seen any sign of my old trouble.** — Mas.
L. B. Jacksox, 1414 McGec St., Kansas City, Mo* -
S. S. S. neutralizes this acid poison,
cools the blood and restores it to a healthy,
natural state, and the rough, unhealthy
skin becomes soft, smooth and clear.
SMfa |p& cures Tetter, Ery-
«C"^ «KJ^ sipelas, Psoriasis, Salt
Rheum and all skin
K^JJW |Kjs§ diseases due to a pois-
SQUF 4Q^ one( j condition ot the
blood. Send for our book and write us
about your case. Our physicians have
made these diseases a life study, and can
help you by their advice; we make no
chargeforthisservice. All correspondence •
is conducted in strictest confidence.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, GA. \
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIAUSTS FOR MEN.
Established 1SSL Con- -
sultation and private boolc I
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed. :
731 MARKET ST.
BAH FRANCISCO, CAL.
!| Your Hotel
j; will serva
\- Grape- Nuts
! if you ask
,|? Order the food. served
i| dry and with cream
to pour over it.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUAEY 28; 1902.
10
pJBELP WANTED — FE3IALE — Con.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... .Phona Main 1575
..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
:4 waitresses, south, $25, fare paid; 2 wait-
resses, commercial hotel $25, fare paid: 2
waitresses, near city, $20; 2 waitresses, new
hotel. $25, room out; 12 other waitresses,
city and country, $20 and $25; 3 chamber-
maids. Southern California. $20. fare ad-
vanced
. FAMILY DKPARTMENT
Cook, San Rafael. $30, see lady here; cook.
Belvedere, $30; houseglrl, Fresno, $20, fare
paid; houseglrl on ranch, choice place, '$20;
2 second girls, $20....
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ...335 Geary at.
WANTED — Laundress for Institution,- $30; 4
cooks, German style, $25, $30; 2 cooks, small
wash, $30; nursery governess, $25; head wait-
ress, $25; 4 second girls, $20, $25; chamber-
work and Be wins:, San Mateo, $20; nurse
girl, $20; housework, San Rafael. $30; par-
S lor maid and waitress, $25; housekeeper,
Shasta Co., $13; housework,- 4 in family,
Los Gatos, $25; nurseeirl, same house, $25,
.see party 12 o'clock here; 40 girls for all
kinds of housework, city and country. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSBTT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl wanted; general, housework;
good wages. 2327 Bush et., near Pierce.
A WAITRESS wanted at 409 Spear st.
NURSEGIRL; wages $10. 117A Bartlett »t.
WANTED — Girl; plain cooking, housework;
wages $20. 337 Turk st.; bakery. -
A— WANTED— Girls and women at S. F. Halr-
tfrcssingr College to learn halrdresstng trad»
thoroughly in 2 weeks; course $5, including
manicuring, massage, scalp treatment, bleach-
' ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions In stores all
over city; S positions In leading stores open to
'those entering Immediately; girl not knowing
trade In 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. B. F. COLLEGE. 233- Geary, r. 13-15.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss A Co/« Overall
Factory, 82% Fremont st.t no experience nec-
essary; good pay; steady work. : Apply to
MR. DAVIS. \
TRUSTWORTHY woman to do general house-
work, washing Included; a good home: $10
a month. Call or address 1234 Regent St.,
Alameda. . - - ¦ .
WANTED — Girl to cook and do soms general
housework; must come well recommended.
2500 Green st.
FIRST-CLASS operators; also finisher* on
vests. 230& Ninth st. ¦
WE can offer to a woman of culture and am-
bition an opportunity for lucrative employ-
ment. Box 3439, Call office, - '
WANTED— Girl to assist In /light housework;
no washing; good home; $10 a month. 1607
Golden Gate ave.
TOUNO girl or woman to assist In housework;
$12. 3190 Sixteenth st.. near Guerrero.
EXPERIENCED waist trimmers; also skirt
Improvers; perm, position. COX, 1514 Pic*.
EXPERIENCED silk waist hands; good pay.
JUDA BROS., 820 Market st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking for 2.
Apply mornings, 1922 Baker st.
APPRENTICE In millinery store at 692 McAl-
llster St."; first-class teaching.
WANTED— Girls at National Laundry, 411
Sanchez et. .
WANTED — 2 good ironers at National Laun-
¦ dry, 411 Sanchez st.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS'., between 8jmd 11a.m.
A GERMAN woman as governess; state re-
ligion; salary $30. Box 2994, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100a
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
634-636 Clay St
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
2 carpenters, country, $55 and found; 3 car-
penters for mine company, $75; buttermaker
for creamery, city, $55; 3 buttermakers, $35
and found; milkers; 6 farmers; 5 pruners for
vineyard, see boss here, $32. 50 and found; 4
choremen and choreboys; blacksmith, coun-
try 'shop, $40 and found; young man to drive
delivery wagon, city; 350 woodchoppers, 75o
to $3 50 per cord; 75 tlemakers, 10 to 16c
each
Marker and distributer, country laundry, $15
- week; second baker; second cook, city hotel.
$35 and found; 4 cooks, $45, $35 and $30; 6
waiters, $30; head waiter; kitchen : hands,
etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
New Railroad Work: Free Fare
FOR NEVADA
10 stonemasons ....$4 a day
Rough carpenter to build camp. . . .$2 50 a day
Rigger to put up derrick v. .$2 50 a day
Free Far* Free Fare
Bridge carpenters, country, $3 a day, see boss
here; carpenters; country, $2 50 a day and
found; camp • blacksmith $3 a day; 2 ranch
carpenters, $26 and board
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, country hotel, $60; hotel butcher
' who can carve, $70; cafe cook, country hotel,
$80; barkeeper, city, $70; butcher, country,
$30; porter, country hotel, $25; 2 bellboys,
country hotel. $10
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary sty
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Engineer
for country hotel, $40; laundryman for steam
laundry, country, $40; young man to help
In the kltchen. % $30. etc. ,
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton nt. — Groom for
private place, country, $35; man to tend gar-
: den, chickens, etc, country, $30; coachman
and gardener, $30; young man to help In
kitchen, $30; assistant paetry cook, $30, eta.
MAN about place, $30 and found; fruit farmer
and wife. $40 and found ; 2 butter makers,
$30 and found and $55; farmers, $25; milker,
$30; gardener, $35; cutoff sawyer, $2 25 day;
setter for mill, $60 to $75; choreman, $15;
; cooks, waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT
i & CO., 628 Sacramento st. -^
ACTIVE, reliable man to represent large man-
ufacturing company locally; absolutely no
canvassing; advancement to right party; sal-
ary $18 weekly. Address W. J. UHL, 72J
Chestnut St., Philadelphia, Pa. •
BIGGEST bonanza on the market; $10 to $23
\- per week easily earned; no experience neces-
sary; $1 80 starts you In business; it will
pay you to investigate. New York Novelty
Co.. : - 993 Market St.. room 1. - ¦
MASTER Barbers — Regular meeting of Mas-
ter Barbers' Association to-night at 8 :30
o'clock at 102 O'Farrell 'st. Business of im-
portance. S. HELLER, Secretary M. B. A.
of San Francisco. ;¦;.- -
WANTED— Soldiers who enlisted in U. S. Vols.
to apply for two months' extra pay, due un-
der a decision of the U. S. Court of Claims.
CHAS. and WM. B. KING, .
844 Phelan building. '
AN all-around furniture man, who Is familial
with packing, • shipping and cabinet work;
only first-class men need answer; references
required. "Box 2397, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — An electrician who haa worked
. around an Ice machine; must be -willing to
fire boiler and do portex-^vork. Address box
3408, Call office. x . , ¦ ¦
WANTED — A temperate young man with $150
as partner In old established business requir-
ing two; pays about $70 per month.. 765 Mar-
ket St., room 8. ' , ¦ -"-¦ ¦
WANTED— Errand boy, about 14 years of age,
by large hardware house: no cigarette smok-
ers need apply. Box 8407. Call office. ,-
"WANTED — By a produce' commission house, ¦
boy stenographer, 16 to 20 years of age; sal-
ary' $25 to start.- Box 3429, Call' Office.
WANTED — Barber shop in the wholesale dis-
trict. Box 3412, - Call office. ' •
FOR sale— S-cbalr barber shop and baths. Box
8411. Call office. '
RELIABLE, steady plumber wanted. 623
Golden Gate ave.
EXTRA waiter: bakery and coffee house; B to
i 1 ¦ evenings. 612 Kearny st. . .
BOY to run electric elevator . In hotel. Applj
. 837 Mission st. ¦
GOOD, steady coatmaker by the week. 113
:¦ Phelan . building. •-.,. ¦ , \ , ¦
BOY 16 years old to learn mechanical dentistry;
references required. Box 8303, Call office.
BARBER shop, city, or country; must be well
located and run not less than 3 chairs; will
pay. from $50O to $1000 cash: must stand
thorough Investigation.. Call to D. STOLTZ,
• Barber Supply House, 723 Market st.
BARBER to buy, or rent one-chair shop; cheap;
¦'. neatly \ furnished. ' 1749 Mission st.
BARBER shop for sale, cheap. / Box 2399, Call
office, Oakland. •' -/. (
FOR sale— Barber shop; sickness cause of sale;
price $25.- 1547 Mission st. ;
ERRAND boy, 14 or 15 years; light office du-
ties; reside -with parents; references required
- for < honesty and respectability. Address B.,
box 3S56. Call office. - . -
WANTED— Honest man with $250 cash; duties,
'•¦¦ tend : cash counter, in restaurant; -no expert-
. - ence ; $50 month. ¦ . BROWN, 1221 ' Market st
BIG enap-r-Fine opening for man and wife with
$190; ¦ restaurant; receipts • $10 day; llvint
rooms. BROWN, 1221 Market st. . • -
EXPERIENCED man to offer grocers' special-
ties: none but competent ' salesman. > well rec-
•mmended, need apply Box 3443/ Call office
wlISCELLANgOPJ»— FOR sr _ lE — Co »'
A— BUYS sella or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes shafting, pulleys.
ftc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
; BAR fixtures; bis stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented Th 9
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 65J Mission.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
laT Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at. near Pme.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. .437 Montgomery .u
CURIO for sale; valuable stone god. For par-
tlculars address box 3413. Call office.
ATLAS— New copy Century Atlas for sals
cheap. F. M. PS WITT, 31S Post at
A CONN silver cornet. $30. HARRIS' Loan
Office, 105 Stockton st.
STAINED glass windows for church and home
decoration; a bargain. 916 .Market, room 4^.
Wallpaper 3c, worth 10c; paperhanglng. Pflnt-
ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; taL Jackson 13J1.
INCUBATORS for aale — 3 Petalumas cheap.
Inquire C. M. BLACK. 6S2 Clementina at
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
, figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock,
BAKER & HAMILTON. __
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post at.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st-
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand»^
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 898 Mission at.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale at.
SAFES— New and second-band. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Cc%. 9 Stevnson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers: oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo-
tures. BULLARP A BRSCK.-131 Post Bt
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand dothln* an*
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jessie 2851.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building.
$4,600,000 at-lowest rates «
...... on first and second: mortgages ......
Life interests in estate*
Property being held In trust •
.... Undivided Interests In real estate ...«
..Life Insurance policies, estates In probate. «
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes. M
If You Need Money «
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examlnw big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5Va & 6 per cent In sums to auttl
City, Oakland, Town and Country property J
second mortgages. Ufa Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in*
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN*
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages ....«
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate. • \
'Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay..., J
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere/
R. McCOLGAN -
24 Montgomery at., room 8 ........
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests corporation loans. Room 19.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture; piano
or household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORM8BY. 26 Montgomery 'st, op-
posite Lick House. ,
: MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. neauf
Geary at; phone Red 1603. "~»
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848
1 Market st ; tel. Main 1644/ Branch 19 Third.
. A RELIABLE corporation established in 1S63;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
• jewelry pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan *
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt; tel. Black 6471.
! LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 8. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonea.
' On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages. & on fur-
1 niturs or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 613^
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
1 age; reliable party. 1170 Market at. room 63.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
1 HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431' California.
. Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no '
commls. confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Markat
; ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. t.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
[ 8% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
[ ?10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
_ party. St Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
r ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dla-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
• ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removall
• strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
: IF you want a home I will loan you money t»
. buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansomo at
. ON salaries without Indorser; other proposl-
• tlons. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
. plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bids;.
.MONEY WANTED.
! WANT to borrow $50C0 from private party t
good interest. Box 34f5. Call office.
MUSI CAL. IXSTRITMEXTS.
ALL makes; rent $2 up, credited If purchased 1
installments $3 up; old pianos bought aai
exchanged; bargains $23 up in Stelnway
Heine. Chickering. etc.; agents wanted for
Krell. Heine, 'Hallet & Davfe and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount if you «*»n
pay $25 down and $10 a month; soma new
pianos for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. 21t^
Geary st
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
both new and second-hand, la the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most rellabl*
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN*, CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor*
ner Broadway and Thirteenth Bt, Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos. '> , ¦ "
BYRON MAUZY Piano*. . '
LESTER Pianos. !';;/
HAMILTON Pianos. y \
BPEILMANN Pianos. - I «
CECILIAN PIANO PLATEB. V: -. W
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-313 Post at. "*
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HTOrTEKS ~~~*
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 an.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
j Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 op. BENJ. CURTAZ *
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng Maioa
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
$1-5. S185 OR $200 will pay for a most excel-
lent piano if you come for it right away. W»
have others for less or more money, and you
can make payments If you desire. Decker.
Wlssner, Steger or Singer f ianoa In ail
atyles. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO..
769 Market at.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $35; ttt-octav*
Mason & Hamlln organ. $33; Stelnway
square, $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275: Bech-
eteln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS M
EON. 23 Fifth St.; IYER3 & POND, Agenta.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any tlm«
within 2 years and full purchase pric« al- 5
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regulat*-*
price; costs you only 2Oc a day to buy a plan*
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O"FarretI
at; established 1850.
$147 WILL buy a good new piano during our
clearance sale at9TC Market st; second-hand
pianos. $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
COMPANY. _^
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE' 9
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th & Church.
A BEAUTIFUL Stelnway mahogany upright:
must be sold; no reasonable offer refused.
Box S«H. Call. - .¦ -
'A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market at.
A BARGAIN: flne upright piano; for sale cheap
for cash: call a. m.; no dealers. 1227 Hayes.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand, $75 up;
easy paymta. Fay's Piano House. 1720 Mlssn.
PRIVATE narty will sacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. B9S Ellis.
6TIXX. renting- new pianos. S3 per montX
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., B60 Hayes st
11 1£~;£ ?,»^ E chance : fln « upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
BU £ e t R t I 25 violins, zithers, old and new. 5T
MLLLER. maker, repairer. <Z Latham place.
AT KEEFFE-S 22 Turk st. near Market-
Ehonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
NEW , HYGIEXIC TREATMEST.
DR. ALICE j. PRATHER. late of New York.
Ill . P £ man £?V y ilocate* at 607 Van Nesi \
__aye^ hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4: phone Polk 1421 ]
OIL. )
O ?T,.. taL . nk £' seco ? <1 Ha"* m good order; aU
Blzes; cheap. H. 8. .WHITE, 618 MiMloa rt.
jgglPLOYMENT »' WASTED--FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman l wishes position in refined
"-'; family; capable 'of taking charge of house-
hold, ; upstairs ' work : and companion; flrst-
' class .references. ' 1523 Mission Bt.
A" TAILORESS desires position with tailor to
learn vest making Address E. L., Call office,
I Alameda. . ... ..."
A NEAT young girl wants position to do house-
work and plain cooking. 1007 Natoma St.,
near Eleventh. ... . : -. ¦¦¦-. ..' .
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation, as
general houseworker. 149^ Silver st
NEAT girl wants situation for light house-
work, private ' family ; reference ; ; no postals.
Call after 10 a, m., 1022 Larkln st. -
SCANDINAVIAN rlrl wants situation - as
• chambermaid or to do second . work. Apply
at pastor's residence of the Swedish M. E:
Church. 1039 Minna St., bet. Eleventh and
. Twelfth sts. ¦ -___ *
A COMPETENT woman wants work ' by the
day, washing 'or housecleaning; $1 50 per
day. Address 612 Treat ave., near 19th Bt.
A LADY desires a position as housekeeper In
j hotel or as manager of lodging-house ; high-
est testimonials as to experience and char-
acter. MRS. 8. J.;>1119 Sutter st.
'FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
, day or houeecleaning; good reference. F. D.,
- 21% Harrison ave., off Folsom St. .
JAPANESE faithful girl wants situation to do
¦¦ plain cooking in a small family. Box 3414,
Call office. ¦
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60
to $0 week; convenient and respectable: free
• bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnce.,2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Employment as gardener by Swede
I who has followed this occupation in Sweden
, for 12 years and 2 years In Cleveland, O. :
with good recommendations. Address JOHN
HARRISON, 120 Third st.
MIDDLE-AGED man, German, sober and ex-
perienced in any kind of orchard ,or I vine-
yard work, would like to take care. of orchard
or vineyard. Address A. F. B., care John
Brown. 22 Sacramento st
YOUNG man, speaks several languages, good
pianist, wants work, city or country. Box
8410, Call office. :
RELIABLE young man wishes position In a
wholesale house; speaks and writes Spanish.
Box 3471, Call office. .
BUTCHER, German. 25, wants situation" to
I work In shop; also good sausagemaker. Box
3405. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man 26. O,
¦ CLARKE. 138A Fourth st.
MAN familiar with the city will drive and care
for one or two horses. Box 2292. Call.
YOUNG man, 24, seeks employment; honest
J . and not afraid of work. Box 3402, Call.
YOUNG man, good penman and salesman,
wishes employment at anything. Box 3301,
Call office. . .- ¦, • -^___^
MIDDLE-AGED Jewish man wants light posi-
tion of any kind, city or country; willing to
work for small wages; best of references.
Box 3416. Call office.
YOUNG man, German, wants work; anything;
does not speak much English. Please ad-
dress box 3417, Call office. • .
BAKER, sober, reliable, wants position In
"country ahop. Baiter. 246 Third Bt
BY general office man; large experience rail-
way and steamship companies ; 14 years on
west coa* South America; speaks arid writes
Spanish fluently; expert penman. Box 2552,
Call office. - /
FIRST-CLASS dairyman wishes to take charge
of dairy of 70 cows with his own help; good
reference: reasonable wages. T. -D., 21%
- Harrison. ave., off Folsom st.
YOUNG man desires care of garden and car-
• rlage in cultured family; home preferred to
wages. R. F. ANDREWS, 761 V, Howard st.
SITUATION wanted as house man or janitor;
can take care of horses and milk; references.
Box 3552. Call office.
POSITION for the afternoons; any kind of
work; am willing and • fairly Intelligent."
Box 3551. Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation as second cook
or assistant baker in country. Box 3476,' Call.
JAPANESE student, gentle and honest, wants
position as schoolboy In small family; can
speak good English. Address K. K., 615
O'Farrell Bt. . • .
JAPANESE^ flrst-olass laundry and Ironing,
wants situation, city or country. Box 3403,
1 Call office. - - .- '• . - ; ' \
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at ., 1006
/ Valencia at. ¦
' n ¦ FINANCIAL.
COMPAND3S Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed ;" stock taken In payment-
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. 'PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 320 PoStst. .
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9. Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — NEW 5 and 6 and 8 rooms; low rent Noa,
B09-525 Frederick Bt. near Stanyan.
FOURTEENTH, 132 — Nice furnished flat 4
rooms, bath: rent $25.
MODERN upper flat of 6 rooms and bath; large
yard and basement. 835 Fulton st
NEW upper, modern, sunny flat 5 rooms, bath,'
975 G. G. , opp. Jefferson sq. ; no children.
NEW modern upper flat; frescoed ceilings. 219
Carl st, near Stanyan. ¦¦ ' . . ¦ . .
SWELL, brand, new, facing park, 6 rooms;
porcelain baths."' Sixth ave., near Fulton st.
UPPER flat of 6 sunny rooms: yard and base-
ment. 455 Haight St., near FlUmore. > '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$160; CARPETS, curtains, Btove. 1 bedroom
set. with rent free to February 21; splendid
4-room flat. 776 Geary Bt.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
OAK single bed; hair mattress; white iron bed;
spring mattress cheap. 797 McAllister st
A .WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
' " FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the wo* id;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAM'EU— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.* S. .Phone "Grant 185
Hotel Department
4 waitresses, «ame country hotel, south, fare
paid, $25; waitress, first-class place, short
distance, $20, • faro paid; 2 waitresses, com-
mercial hotel, $20, short distance; waitress,
nice dace, country. $20, Bee party here; 2
waitresses, south, $20, fare paid; fancy lron-
- er,; $30, half fare paid; .2 more chamber-
maids, south, half fare paid, $20. '
Family Department
a Cooks, house girls, second girls, nurse girls,
..for Oakland. Alameda.' Berkeley, San Rafael,
Ban Jose and city; call and select If not
suited. Register, with
C. R. HANSON & CO .104 Geary Bt
WANTED, in an American family, a German
. or Swedish girl for - general housework I and
cooking. Call at 1322 Grove street. -
YOUNG Swedish or - German ' sirl wanted for
general housework in small family. Call
Tuesday morning at 1962 Bush Bt. ¦ .
WANTED — Girl for general housework; Ger-
man preferred ; wages . $18 to §20; no wash-
ing. 3890 Twenty-fourth et. ,
WANTED— Reliable girl for plain cooking,
etc.; Bleep home;! wages. $15. u Address 721
Polk st. ...¦:,. . . ._ - ;; .--'.•..-
GOOD paying proposition for right woman, who
can sell goods, to go to Butte County; some
money required. Box 3406, Call office. ".-'•
LADY compositors wanted ; also distributors on
Job work. ; Printer, box 3304. Call. ¦ • -i
COMPETENT woman, or girl to assist with
general housework. 24 Sixth Bt. ; ;.
GOOD waitress wanted. 628 Fourth «t
A GIRL to do housework - at 2606 Howard ' st
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
lng; wages $18 to $20 a month. 305 Scott st
YOUNG I girl I or elderly woman assist house-
, work; $10. CIO Second st
GI . RL for upstairs work and assist' with baby;
115. 2520 Green' Bt. near Scott. . ; .
WANTED— 20 salesladies. Apply this morning
ARMAND CAILLEAU, Inc.. 1 114-116 Kearny.
EXPERIENCED finisher; • ' also - operator on !
¦ .coats. 344 Tehama Bt. j. : '
APPRENTICE girls on custom coats j paid
while learning. 1020B. Folsom st;
YOUNG, ; strong woman- to wash Bilver and
S'fBses for restaurant pantry. 729 Markat at |
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Con tinned.
RYAN & FIELD, 035 Market' st. room 3, op-
posite Mason; phone Folsom 3022.
40 saloons $225 to $5000
&O restaurants and delicacies... $150 to $GO0O
30 cigar stande...r: ...$150 to $3000
CO candy, notion, delicacy, branch bakery,
etc; 5 partnerships from $100 to $1500
£250 — PARTNER wanted In light business,
suited to plain, eteady man satisfied with $18
to 525 a. week: no experience required; trial
given before buying. 25 Geary St., room 4. .
SALOON for tale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East at. north of Market . •- ¦'
RESTAURANT — Place man' and wife or cook
and waiter; good business. Box 2S14. Call.
}C00 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant Val-
lejo, Cal.; great chance. P.O. box 275, Vallejo.
LODGING-HOUSES FOU SALE.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, ,
850 Market bt. Tel. Davis 281.
16 rooms, cheap Tent, good location.... $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. 600
0 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
20 rooms central, good payer lt»U
20 rooms, good furniture, money maker. 2203
20 rooms, enap, see it 850
83 rooms, central, clears $200 \... 3200
80 rooms, cheap rent, money maker .\.. ICOO
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location. 2700
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50....%... 800
0 rooms, rent $32, good furniture 450
17 rooms, rent $60, good payer 900
7 rooms, flat, good aunny corner...... 350
WANTED — Tenant for new 140-room house; all
modern conveniences; steam heat; 85 private
baths; telephone every room; long lease.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
SPLENDID opportunity for a lady with a few
hundred dollars to manage rooming-house In
good location. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. 850 Market st
to ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent: a great bargain; easy termr; call and
Bee it DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850
Market Bt. .
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE.
Call on Ub
Any house sold on paymentB
Call and Get Our Lprge List
We have houses in all parts of city....
7 rooms, bargain, easy terms $300
68 rooms, corner, clears $4(X> 3500
17 room*, clears $75. only 250
19 rooms, rent $40, clears $60 * 450
10 rooms, swell, bargain 800
13 rooms, very good, rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF. Phone John 531.
906 Market st. cor. Ellis, room 12.
75 ROOMS; Stockton; clears $1000 mo. — cheap.
30 rooms; nr. Hyde; cost $3600 ...$2800
Elegant fiat; Jones st; 9 rooms 1200
21 rooms; on Eddy; housekeeping; good. 1400
7 rooms; on O'Farrell; trade for lots.. 200
16 rooms; on California; clears over $50. 1600
2 small flats; cheap rent; close in $140-$160.
2 lovely 6- room flats; elegant: cheap.
These are bargains; we advertise nothing else.
FISHER. 935 Market Bt. tel. Folaom 1692.
A. CAMERON 4 CO..
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21-22-23; phone Bush 323.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
neea to sell. list with us. Flats from 4 to 9
rooms for $218 to $1400: lodging-houses from
D to 108 for $225 to $12,000; boarding-houses
from 8 to 88 rooms for $S50 to $9000.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~~
17 rooms, cheap rent must Bell ..$575
SO rooms, rent only $75. near Powell' at.. 1400
C3 rooms, corner, modern building, snap. . 950
80 rooms, rent $80, reduced to 1S00
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market Bt
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
A^ Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms, 1-2.
Money, to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
RYAN & FIELD. 035 Market, room 3, opposite
Mason, phone Folsom 3022 — Fine places on'
Van Ness, Golden Gate, etc.; plenty, cheap,
south Market; houses all sizes: good list of
water front houses; 500 houses; big list;
lanre places.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at, has bargains.
7 rooms; rent $28: price $300
3S rooms; rent $100; price 1700
Better call before buying.
$3S00 — 56 ROOMS; corner house: all rented.
For sale only by BASILE, 3 Eddy st
$1600 — 38 ROOMS on one floor: all rented. For '
sale only by BASILE, 3 Eddy st. !
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or if you want to borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent call on M. E. i
RIVES, 916 Market st, rm. 69; tel. Main 128.
AVERAGING $350 month profit — Best 65-rocm
corner, centrally located lodging-house in
this city; lease: $3500.
N. D. SICKELS — the Land Agent — 6 Geary.
A — NOTICE^ — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Market.
FOR Sale — S rooms: nicely furnished; • will
clear $20 per month; price $300. Inquire at
131 Third st.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. $225; must be
sold: cause, death: 17 rooms. 28^4 Clay st
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY will discontinue the seances Sun-
day. Tuesday &r.d Thursday nights on the ac-
count of the special readings that he is giv-
ing; all who present his ad In clairvoyant
column, this paper and date, will receive a
private reading at 25c. 1052 Ellis St., bet.
Franklin and Gouch.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m.; 6Oc 1084 Bush at.'
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; Bluings, SI;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell at; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth Et: readings dally,
5Oc and $1; circle every night, 10c.
MME. WIXZALA (Mrs. Lester); dr. 8 p.m..
10c; readings dally. 122 Taylor at. room 8.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. Harland's circle to-night; sealed letters
ans. 10c; developing dr. Wed. 8 p.m. 132 6th.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday: admission 10c 148 Sixth:
MRS. VALEEN. medium and palmist, will
guide you right 15S3 Market st. near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister — Mrs. C J
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c|
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— 25C, 25C, '25C. r~— -
PROF. BROCKWAY,
1052 Ellis st, bet Franklin and Gough,
Offers for a short time only Readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence between the hours
of 10 a. m. and 8 p. m. daily. Sunday 10
a. m. to 3 p. m.
SCIENTIFIC AND EXPERT LIFE
READER.
Readings which, for DETAIL, ¦ exactness
truth, interest manifested in each Individual
case, sound advice and counsel, are not
. equaled In this city at any figure. PROF
BROCKWAY tells you what you want to
know, eliminating all uninteresting features
and not tiring you with matters entirely
irrelevant to the case in hand, as has been
the case In readings you have had In the
past.
PROF. BROCKWAY reads your PAST
PRESENT and FUTURE.
25c. 25c. 25c. .
KNOW THY FUTURE : . *
And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD,
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
niarry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives lull
secret how to control or Influence any one
you love or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours, 10 to 7
daily; 10 to 6 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
14, first floor, 1104 — MARKET ST. — 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect' satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; Bend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairyovant tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret ; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction' to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 21 5 % 6th.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. •
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readings ;ladies50<t
gents $1; palm, and clalr. Bit. $1 60. 120 Turk!
A— MISS M. WILLE, 320A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
_ques.; full names; 5Oc-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, .card reader; la-
dles 2jc; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st.. nr. 4th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad" 25c-
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. LAVON, wonderful fortune teller- truth
or no pay; 25c and 60c. 234% Sixth Bt.\ ¦
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 6Oc.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563.
60c. $1 — Prof. Weller. clalr., palmist, card read.
1" er; mall erdera; stamp, circular. 1007 54 Mlit,
HELP " WAyTEp-^MALE--Coa.
i WANTED — At' 630 Market St.. Stats and V. I
S. volunteer soldiers; bring discharges.
; HOWE. - .
f BOY wanted; assist on ranch; good home. 6495
Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLEH'S^AKBER COL-
LEGE. 63S Clay st. .•
'¦ WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
S 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 3th.
McDONAL'D & PERRY have COO second-hand
shoes for sale. COc up. 241 Third st
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. B. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
1 character, between the ages of 21 and S3: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
! inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED^ — A competent qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279, Call office.
; WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
, catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal.
PENSION atty.." E. A. Bullls, 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
to SOc. 863 Mission st. bet let and 2d Bis.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half |
price. 563 Mission Bt. bet. 1st and 2d ats.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bug and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1033
Valencia st
HORSES AND
AUCTION sale. Monday. Jan. 20; 40 head
heavy wagon and livery horses at 11:30
a. m. Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 and 723
Howard st
A LOT of- horses for sale at Arcada Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — At Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy Bt, 8
cheap work horses, 4 sound horses, weight
1200; flne surrey horses.
FOR Sale — 2 saddle horses; Just from the coun-
try; well broke; gentle; good single- footers.
Address 977 Seventh ave.. East Oakland.
GRAY horse. $50; horse. $20: coal wagon. $40;
harness. $8; cart. $7 50. 79 City Hall ave.
THOROUGHBRED Jersey cow; gives rich milk
and plenty of it; perfectly gentle; $60; owner
going away. Apply Elm at and Highland
av«.. Elmhurst. • -
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for aal* at
HEINEMAN'S. 109 Sansome Bt
A BARGAIN in good carr'ape. saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL.605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single : also light
camping wagon for gale, cheap. S32 Mission.
- HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1930. near Laguna — Eight rooms,
bath: fine marine view; rent $42 50.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
1 NEW modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement, yard. Portola. oft Waller,
bet. Pierce and Steiner. Inquire <Ct Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this Interests you— -
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
! room 39.' 139 Post st. Liebes building.
' LOST AND POUND.
1 LOST — Imitation gold purse near Waller and
i Shrader Sunday; valued as a keepsake only.
Liberal reward on return to 722 G. G. ave.
LOST — Sunday, on Sutter st or ferry, silver
brush marked S. J. T. ; also silver watch and
chain. 2118 Stelner st. ; liberal reward.
LOST — Black alligator pocketbook with paper*
and bank check payable to owner's order.
-Return to 2909; Bush st before 12 m. or af-
. ter 5 p. m. ; $5 reward. . "
LOST — Sunday - morning, black enameled pin
1 set with 3 diamonds; yery liberal reward by
returning same to Chief Wharfinger's office,
' foot of Clay st- • m
LOST — Between Zlnkand's and Sutter at. Sat-
. . urday evening, diamond pin. Finder return
to Call business office and receive reward.
LOST — January 19. a brindle bull bitch named
: Queen. Return to 1244 Ellis; liberal reward.
LOST — On Saturday p. m., Jan. 25. a ladies'
breastpin set with diamonds and pearls alter-
nating. Finder please return to W. K. Vaa-
dersllce, 136 Sutter st, and receive reward.
LOST — From Van Ness and California, fox
terrier dog; left side of face and ear black.
E. W. JOY, 433 Kearny st; reward.
LOST — A fur carriage robe In vicinity of Wash-
ington and Spruce sts. Return to 10S Twelfth
Bt and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter Bt. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHI.Mfi WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento at.,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, 8, 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMO N 1 AL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c fpr list Mrs. Herts. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
1 ' Bt. ; tel. Bush 421. • -
SXEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or In trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the moat obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice 'on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases in both sex treated; blood
diseases cured, 10 to 80 days. DR. G. W.
O'DONNELL. 1018 Market at. opp. Fifth.
MEN — Why be weak, when you can be strong?
Dr. Do Ford's Regenerator cures when all
others fail. Price SOc. 6 for $2 50, by mall;
a guaranteed cure. DR. DE FORD'S REM-
EDY CO., 136 S. Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles* specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; horns before and duringr confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 OTarrell at
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies', physician, haa
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 112 Mason at. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
I at the old office. 1228 Market st. ; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. . GOODWIN, ladles' physician- 25
years' successful experience -in S. F. Ma-
. ternlty Home, 906 Market st., opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home ;. home
In confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F~
MR3. i>. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best mmdlcal care; low fees.
MRS. DAVIS, ladles' specialist, returned from
New York; maternity home; low fees; beat
medical care. 1382 Market st.
Dr. Rosen res. 1349 Alabama it, nr. 26th;
-. treatment $5 to $10;avoid delay ;none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
¦ Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINING AND ASSAYING^
FOR Bale— Property of the Uve Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada County. 15 miles north of Auburn- 2
patented claims, S-stamp quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for. selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine opeir
for inspection. Further particulars from A.
.MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal.
' MINKS AJVX> MIXING. "
GEO! D. CA^PBELulawy^rT&a^eV^g^s"
F. ; branch . office, Nome, Alaska, season 1902.
MUST raise money "on 1500 Montezuma, shares;
special. 25c net ca3h. Box 3302. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery! Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
8 H.-P. SCHILLING gasoline engine. .."...$100
4 h.-p. .automobile gasoline engine...... 125
<6h.-p. boiler and engine 100
5 h.-p. marine steam outfit 150
8 h. -p. gasoline engine complete 200
80 h.-p.- boiler and engine ...¦; 25*1
¦ 8 h.-p. steam boiler ;.;.- 50
AU second hand. H. 3. WHITE, 618 Mission.
BAN FRANCISCO .CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third Btreets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 0:30 p. m. .
SCO Heyes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
<3!) McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street: open until «:30 p. m.
1!»4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22d Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
or.til O p. m.
306 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. ;
J096 Valencia street: open until 6 p. m.
North wen corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 FIHrnore street; open until 0 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. j/.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. X. M., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- % A\,
1XG January 28. at 7:30 o'clock. P. J&JK
M. and M. E. at desrees. By order ' V J
cf the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and A. «¦
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _Jr*_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Degree TC3T
Two. By order of W. It # V *
EDWIN L. MBYER, Secretary-
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. m '
121 Eddy st. meets THIS (TUES-^/V,
DAY) EVENING. 7:S0 o'clock. >%J\
GEORGE PENLINGTOX. Sec. / \T
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. •
M.— Third Degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at S o'clock. /CJR
A. a. HUBBARD. Secretary. /V^
PARKER Lodge No. 124. t O. O. -^^i—
F. — Installation and entertaJn- '~£23iFSS
ment THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. Visiting members invited. \
W. T. LYON. N. G.
THIS annual general meeting of the^g*^^
shareholders of the Independent X™*^^"
Red Men's Hall Association will be - :a "*--
l-.eld on TUESDAY EVENING, January 28,
at 8 o'clock Bharp. in Red Men's Hall, 510
Bush st C. G. BALSDORFF. President
B. A, 8AMMANN. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of ths j
Eierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company. No.
229 Crocker building, city and county of
" San Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February, 1902. at the ;
hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of mich other business aa
may ccme before said meeting.
S. M.. RICKEY. Secretary.
Da-ted Janoary 27/1902.
THE regular annual meeting of the Btockhold-
*rs of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company In the Union Trust Company's
building, corner Post Montgomery and Mar-
ket ets.. San Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY,
the 3d day of February. 1902, at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to Berve for ths following
year, the amendment of the by-lawa of the
company and the transaction of such other
business aa may come before the meeting.
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The California
Sugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the third day of
February. 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to eerve for the ensuing year,
end the transaction of such other business
, as may come before the meeting.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted In every town to buy, rent or
Blot machines; best Inducements.
/ STAR MACHIXE CO.. 2125 Mission st.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES caet; future predicted: readings
by mall If desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty. Examiner building, room
C13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections.
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck:quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn3181.
!G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st-. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bil!s of sale; partner-
chips; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market Bt. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free: no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
GOOD strong practical electric automobile of
local manufacture; must be sold at once;
at a bargain. Apply to A. E. BROOKE
RIDLEY. Parrott bldg.
WITH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec-
tric automobiles ran be obtained. Address
109 Sansome Bt
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with own home would like children to
board; good care. 3218 Sixteenth t=t.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1846.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $450; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth Et; rent $25; daily receipts about
$25; owner to leave for Nevada, Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $300; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 liv-
ing rooms: best location in the Mission; rare
chance. See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny Bt
A— $1300; BAKERY on leading business street
In Western Addition; established 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
about 2^3 barrels per day. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26»i Kearny St.
A— $600; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kcarny.
— $1000; CANDY store on Mission St.; rent
f IS; place establ. years and doing a good pay-
ing business; value in eight Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt
A — $750; TURKISH and Russian bath house in
Portland. Or.; rent $25: le*se; low expenses
and first-class paying business; knowledge of
business not necessary. Meet owner in office
of R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A — $1000; HAY, grain, wood and coal yard on
Mission St.; rent $40; estab. 20 years; other
business compels owner to sacrlflce; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A-4'00; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $15B per
month; located in and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
A— CIGAR Etand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at Invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et
A — ?600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
clos* to Chronicle building; bargain; call
Boon. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt
A— $1000; BO ARD ING-HOUSE and saloon,
with 16 furnished rooms; rent $45; 3 years*
le«*e; established years; located on Mont-
gomery et; good business. Call R, G
WILKE. 26% Kcarny Et. '
A— $350; CANDY etand on Sixth Bt close to
Market; rent $50; good business; owner other-
wise engaged. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
C Eddy Bt. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
etores. cigar stores, ranches, oil lands leases
Money to loan on any of the above. "
$200— STATIONERY and candy store, opposite
Echoolhouse; valut in Btock; established 5
years; rent $16 to good tenant with refer-
<-ncet. KREDO & CO.. 14 Flood building.
$400 — A EACRD7ICE; restaurant worth $1000;
rec^lpta guaranteed over 521; trial given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
J. H. ETANTON, real estate and business broker;
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
?25O— PARTNER In flne saloon; grand loca-
tion; positive safe reliable investment; don't
ralss it. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 921 Market st.
$200 — PARTNER wanted; a good chance for
steady man. Apply 40 Ellis et, room 31.
GOOD paying newspaper property for lease or
sale. Addrega box 3472, Call office.
FOR sale or lease — The Bay View Livery Sta^
blee. San RafaeL Marin Co.. Cal.: oontenta
consist of SO vehicles of every description
an4 26 horses, all in first-class order; cleared
ov«- $500 per month for the laat three years.
M. MURRAY, proprietor. San RafaeL
OtTIt "Compounding System" • of turf sp«»cula-
tion Is the eafest and most profitable ever
devised; arerage monthly profits over 80 per
. cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
I Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton Bt.
WHY not etart business for yourseUL with the
new year? best opportunity In State.
Owner, 454 Thirty-fourth st, Oakland.
¦~"**3AR stand for sale, only $300; worth $500;
come Investigate; no agents. 1446
wtarket gt.
»*»R eale — Restaurant $225; finest little place
*" •* the city; $100 cash, balance on time. Ap-
fciy S20 Mason Bt -
yen sale — Old established grocery and saloon.
CLAIRVOYANTS-— Continued;
mmeTmTbernaPvD, •
the famous ' ¦
Clairvoyant o.nd business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third Bt., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, given an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
.penings and portrays events to ' occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told, how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in nil affairs of life; 2Oo
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4o69.
___ MME. BISHOP.
Clairvoyant and Trance Medium,
* Readincs daily, 50o and up.
807 Van Ness. Phone Larkln 2746.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
. advice: names given:, 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND OLE iAXI^G.
WHEN, you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel: South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning.
Sc renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;t*l.Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Bt;
tel. Main 094. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; priceB
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. B. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission- 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
C^UM^L^^L^w'^d^^Uectioir Agency^^eth
. floor. 916 Market St. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
' 194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market at.
DENTISTS.
A— DR." tTsThiGG I N i7^>2TlSarket~8rrEm"tna
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
trl do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell Bt
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50 '.fillings, COc;
plates $5. full set \, all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.: expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50o.
EET of teeth without plate. DrT H. G.
YOUNG. 1&41 Polk St. ."
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext.. SOc: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1H*.5.
DOG SPECIALIST. .
DR. ED^fVAiRD^Nr^E^VYT^aiu^ie^pTcTalist
late of New York City, has Just located at
906 Jones st., where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; of floe
hours 10 to. 3; telephone Kate 20S5.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
I McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
j Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
I FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S OF~ELECTRICAirENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month: $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
j A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this^dvlce worth
following? Life scholarship' $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated .with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell St.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account' g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
! MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, ; typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mining, mech.BUr-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est 1864. 'Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkepelng and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1230 Market st.
PIANO and vocal school; thorough and suc-
cessful instruction ; expert teachers. 1017
Sutter st; C. HOFFMAN, director.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Maoon et. .
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De.Fllippe'sAcademy
of Languages. :i20PoHt;eEtab'dl871;ablestprof a.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th. 1
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Bt, S. F.;
founded 1SC3: new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks &
waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 138.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411 % O'Farrell st ; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bush st; tel. Bush C16. '¦-.
WORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
•nese help. 426 Powell, nr.8utter;tel.Black B072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wishes rosltioi general
housework; city or short distance In the
country; gt-od plain cook and laundress. Ad-
dress 227 Minna st.
WOMAN wishes a situation doing work for
small private family;. is a good plain cook
and can do housework; will work by the day
' or week. Address 366 Minna st. ' ¦ ¦. , ¦ . • : .
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes day work. * 78
Harriet st, between Howard and Folsom,
Sixth and Seventh. . . . ;
MIDDLE-AGED American woman 'wishes . &
place to keep house for one or two children.
Call between 6 and 8 p. m., . 118. Sixth Bt,
room 53. •
WOMAN wishes work by day washing, ironing
or house cleaning; best of references. r731
Laurel ave., bet. Eddy ' and Turk. ; off Bu-
I chanan. . • ;«.:,¦;.>,'
DRESSMAKER wants furnished room in ex-
change for sewing. Address B., Call branch,
639 McAllister st. - _ -
LADY wishes 1 position as companion - to - lady
and assist with light housework; $3 a week.
Box 8409, Call office. .- '. . -¦ /-..'
GERMAN lady wishes position as housekeeper
or general housework; no objection to short
distance in country. .Apply 2746 Harrison st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day;. good
laundress., Box 3430, Call office. . ;
' FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation
private family. MISS DILLON. 31S Sutter.
GOOD dressmaker wishes a few more engage-
ments,.$l 25 day. • Box 3*20, Call office.- •
• ¦
A GOOD ; laundress wants : work two days In
/Week. Address 110 Eighth Bt .: > -J .
'A YOUNG German girl wants place to do seo-
¦ ¦¦: ond work. CO Ivy ave, near Van Ness ave. -
- . • ' ¦ ¦.-.-• ¦ ¦•; LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27. — Baron and Baron
ess -Moncheur have arrived , in Loa Angeles, dli
rect from the City of Mexico. The Baron, who
ia the ..' Belgian m Minister •: Plenipotentiary '-to
Washington, was married ¦ ten days ago in ; the
City -of Mexico to :¦ Miss • Clayton, : daughter - of
Powell (Clayton,- United j States I Embassador ; to
Mexico,* 1 and now is touring' the coast on This
weddine trip. ¦ ( itgBtiBtmomM
STANFORD I UNIVERSITY,', Jan. .27.—
Great indignation; is -being aroused among
the students, professors and other resi
dents on the Stanford-campus by, the ef
forts being made by -residents of r Palo
Alto to . effect - a consolidation ¦ of the uni
versity and Palo Alto .-. postofflces, and
thereby abolish ' the . former. '•->.- A% petition
to\ the , Postmaster • General is being . circu
latedrand is receiving 'strong support.
¦Would Retain the JPostoffice.
Said, saw .service; as, a, surgeon in the
Philippines. -.: His home.was in Delaware,
Ohio, whither his body will be shipped to
morrow.L \ y : '. r;.;' ?. \- '.''"•.', ; :^ ~'^ ¦
.AUBURN, , Jan. ' 27.— Frank Said was ac
cidentally shot yesterday by Albert Rals
ton while .hunting deer; near Forest j Hill.
The men had discovered fresh tracks and
Said < volunteered to ; climb a hill' to. get
in the • rear t of the game. Ralston - heard
a noise in the brush^and, mistaking Said's
gray.' hat • for a deer,- fired. The bullet
pierced's Said's - brain. At the .inquest
held to-day- Ralston .was exonerated. / ' ¦'
Friend.
Into the Brain of a
Forest Hill Hunter Speeds Bullet
FIBES AT SUPPOSED ( DEER.
AND KILLS COMPANION
R Hughes USS Albetr H Grosskogf, U S N
W Randal, USS Albert J Byrne, Chicago
Capt Ethebretem. Seatl C F Mason. St Louis
E L Jordan, Arloaa J J Quinn. Chicago
J J Kelley, Denver P J Murtha, Clnn
C F Scammar, Salinas > J E Gurley, Riverside
C H Scammar. Salinas -Miss B Hanna, N Y
J White, S Rosa rj Mulroy, Ingleside
H Lemmermann. IJS.NlJ "Wilson, Boston :
NEW "WE3TERN HOTEti,
HOTEL AltRIVAI^S.
MONTREAL, JeSi. 27.— George Smith, a
well known colored horse trainer, who
was brought here by Cyril Lanrin from
the United States last year and was
shot in a stable row .yesterday morning
. by Laurin's son ¦ Edward, is dead.. Cyril
L,aurln is the most prominent. breeder of
trotting horses in Canada. |
Horse Trainer, Shot and Killed.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 27.-Coroner
Nichols held \ an inquest to-day over the
body of Joseph McCarthy, who was killed
In the collision of the freight train and
work train between two tunnela . on
Cuesta grade Saturday evening. . The jury
found that the collision was due to a mis
understanding of orders given by. Conduc
tor .Rufus Schraeder,* of the work train,
to- his flagman. ¦ : The' order -was . given
verbally to hold up the southbound freight
train at Cuesta. \ The railroad, company
is blamed for not compelling such orders
to be given in writing and further for
not providing a proper system:- of signals
on the Cuesta grade, where there are six
tunnels. > ¦'-¦'.¦¦ ' '¦ ¦ ¦ ' . , .;
Coroner's Jury Blames • Railroad for
.-'.; Permitting Verbal Orders to
" ; , Be Given.
FLAGMAN BESPON'SIBUE '
FOB THE CUESTA WBECK
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 27.— For the first
time in this State a novel point has been
raised in the selection of a jury. The law
requires that the ' Supervisors select the
jurors to serve during the year and ap
prove them . while sitting- as a body. For
years it has been the custom for each Su
pervisor to file his list with the County
Clerk. To-day C. E. Lindsay, attorney
for Joseph Teshara, I charged with mur
der, raised the point that the manner in
which the selections are made Is contrary
to law. Judge Smith sustained the chal
lenge, and 125 jurors who had been sum
moned were discharged.
Jurors Illegally Drawn.
PINOLE. Jan. 27.— George McCullough,
a fireman, was killed this morning: by the
explosion of a. boiler ot the Read Pulp
Works. George .Wells, foreman of the
mills,, was seriously injured by falling
timbers, and James Duggan, a boiler
maker, was badly burned about \ the
hands. The cause of the explosion Is not
known, as McCullough was the only man
in the room at the time. The buildings
immediately took flre and were destroyed.
McCullough was 22 years of age and came
here - from Mission San Jose, where . his
parents reside. "Wells is about 25 years
of age and hails from . Sacramento. Dug
gan is from Santa Rosa. - - •
Accident at the Reed Pulp
\ Works. .
Two Other Men Are Injured, in on
PINOLE FIREMAN KILLED
BY BOILER EXPLOSION
Chief of Police Sullivan says the arrest
of Goo 'Ah Jim is part of a highbinder
plot to thwart the prosecution of the
murderers of the Chinese doctor. He says
he has positive evidence that Goo Ah Jim
was not in San Francisco at the. time of
the commission of the murder for which
he has been arrested; that he was in Sac
ramento and had been for thirty days
prior to that date.
The murder of^the Chinese "doctor here
resulted from his refusal to pay a portion
of the expense of the defense of a Chinese
criminal. ¦ ; . ' , - •
Scarcely had Goo Ah Jim announced
this recognition when he was himself
placed under arrest on a 'charge of mur
der, alleged to have been committed in
San Francisco. Elwood Bruner, special
counsel against, the murderers of Dr.
Suey Que Hlng; . left - for Bakersfleld to
day to obtain the release of Goo^Ah Jim
on a writ, of habeas corpus.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 27,-Dr. Suey Que
Hirig, a prominent Chinese, was murdered
In this city early In January. One of his
countrymen is now, in jail awaiting ex
amination on a charge that he committed'
the murder. A fe^ days ago another
Chinese, Ow Sing Duck, was arrested in
Bakerstteld as an accomplice. Deputy
Sheriff Schwick proceeded to Bakersfield
in company with Goo Ah Jim,- who posi
tively identified Ow Sing Duck as the
man wanted here.
Witness in Sacramento Mur
der Case.
Cause of the Arrest of an Important
PLOT OP i HIGHBINDERS
, \ TO-THWABT THE LAW
SPOKANE, Jan. 27.— This was the cold
est day known In this city In some years,
the Government observer's thermometer
registering 12.5 degrees below, zero this
morning. Reports from the fruit districts
of Eastern Washington show but little
damage to fruit and none seems to be
feared. .
- SAN JOSE, Jan. 27. — This morning was
the coldest of the season, the thermome
ter registering 23 degrees above zero. No
damage has been done, for the fruit buds
have not yet started sufficiently to be
Injured. \ '
i STOCKTON, Jan. 27.— The coldest
weatner of • the season struck Stock
ton last night. The lowest point
reached by. the mercury was 26
degrees above zero. Puddles of water
about town were frozen over, and on the
islands the weather was the coldest ever
known, water pipes freezing everywhere.
Grain and fruit men are pleased, because
the cold gives the grain an opportunity to
stool and keeps ' back the fruit buds so
that late frosts will not hurt them.
I SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 27.— The min
imum temperature at this point last night
was 30 degrees, as against 24 degrees ear
lier in the season. Light wind and cloudy
weather prevented a killing frost. While
there was considerable ice and frost in
this section, the -damage to oranges was
slight, only low-lying orchards suffering
loss. The , heaviest damage reported Is
between this city and Redlands. :¦ .
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 27.— Cold and clear
weather has prevailed here for forty
eight, hours. The mountains fifty miles
to the east are covered by three feet of
snow. The lowest degree of temperature
registered in this city - last night was 39.
Heavy rain, clouds can be seen over the
mountains, and the wind continues from
the south.
•LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27.— A heavy bank 1
of clouds that blew up last night mod
erated the cold weather of the preceding
twenty-four hours and averted serious
damage to -fruit-gTowers. The killing
frost predicted for this morning did not
materialize, 40. degrees being the minimum
temperature recorded by the Government
thermometer. The cold weather continues,
but orchardlsts have had ample warning
and probably will not suffer serious loss.
Fruit-Growers Receive Ample
Warning to Protect Vc'-'v
Their Treea
Southern Orchards Are
Not Injured by Low
. • Temperature.
COLD WEATHER,
BUT NO DAMAGE
THE SAN If RAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1902:
11
BATTiWAY TRAVEL.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m. '
• EXTRA" TRIPS- on Mondays,' Wednesdaiy*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p m.
SUNDAYS- 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15.
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. KWIM^MH,: .
THROUGH : TRAINS. . "
6:55 a, m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. . ' ~ ' ¦• ....'••.
»' 1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. -"'."¦ • ¦¦ .;¦"'¦•.
8:00 a. . m. Sundays — Duncan. Mills and way
stations.- < ' : < -^K»P^aiCfltol' ¦PiflJ'IBWMW'aBaPtM
. Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday, time."
'.Trains marked (•) ¦ run to San Quentln * ;
FROM SAN RAFAEL , TO : SAN FRANCISCO
- -WEEK DATS — «5:25, 6:27. 7:45, 8:35 lO^li
a.:ra., n2:25, 2:15,.*3:35, 4:40,' 5:30 p^m.
.; EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdayj
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p "m. '
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *3:0O, «10:0a. •11:45 a.m
•1:40. '•3:15. -4:45,- ¦•0^0 p. m. . .
Trains marked (•) start from San Qucntln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
SUNDAYS— ?SiOO, •10:00.' •11:30 a. m U-1S
3:15, »4:45. 6:30.-9:30 p. m. : ¦*. *
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
;¦< .'.. -. ' ;. Via Sausalito Ferry .' "/
Commencing September 29 1801
FROM SAN; FK A* CISCO TO MIlLL. VALLEY
,i AND SAN RAFAEL. . «V. •»
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. •9:30, 11:00 aj m.
•1:45,-3:15. 4:15, 5:15. •¦•6:15. '6:45 p mT
EXTRA. TRIPS — For Mill Valley 'and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays • ana Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p.-.rn. • . -. , .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tr»lMl**fi> nml nr- ilui- to jtrrlV* »»
*AN r'l'.4\t IN*r>.
(M>lu Line. Foot of .Market Streel)
M«AT» — FaOM DlCEMBBR g. 1331. — AaitTTg
' 7 :OOa Benioia, Suiiuu, Elaiira »ad Sacrv
tueuto , a n.\»
7:OOa VaeMille. Winters.' Ramsey 7:51?
SiSoa Martinez. Sou IUtiiou.V*llejt>.Na;ii. •
' C»Hnu zn.oini rtKiiiii I'..(«:k H:S3r
B>«Oa DstIb, WootUaud. Kaiguts Lauding.
MujBTille. OroYillo 7:.V»
S:OOa Atlautln Kxpresa-Ogilen anil K&st M:«3*
•«o«a Nilea. fj<Uhr»i\ Stockton "ii9*r
StOO.% Kiies. IH rndota. llanford. VuuUa.
. ' Porterrille 4:23?
¦iS9a Shasta Exprcw— Duris, WiTUmaffor
Cartlett Springs). Willows. UeU
Bluff.' Portland. 7:03»
•|B»A Ban Jose, Lirermor*. Htnckton,
lone. HacrmuriiUi, Plicf-r»llle,
a;»vys«ille. Ohio... i:«>l l::»iT 4<2.1v
. SiSltA OaktlKle, Chinese. Sonorv X uohimna 4:2.1*
•:•<>» Hsyward. Niles»ud Way Stations.. ' I I:»9a
•tOOA Vallejo 1H239
•:8Ui Los Anzelo* Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop. .Stockton, Merc-J
Trmuo and Los Aoffe'ea . . .: 7:33*
•>3»A Vnllrjo. Marline; awl Waj Htathtni ":•¦»•'»?
1 0:00 A Tb« Oieilaml l,lmit«d— Ogdeii. l>eu-
tt. Omaha. Chicago fti23»
fliOOp Sacramento i:t«t<r.Hr.aitnivr« tH:U<i;r
' S<Otfr ISeuicia, Winters. ftacramenko. *
Wuoillaud. KtilitliU landing.
M:iryii*iUi*. OroTllls 10:33* ¦
SslOr Hajward. Nile* and Way Station*.. 7:33*
4i««p Martinez, Man lUimm. Vailojo,
Napu. »!ali»I.HK». Muntn. Km* '»>3.1y
*iOOf Nile*. LI»ermore. Stockton. Loril... 13tU3»
4«:t<»p Hayward, Mien, Saa .!•.»*, Lt»- r-.uoro t»:34-*
4:3o r The Owl Limited — Ff en>o. TuUre.
]Sakernflel<l, iiaiig<is for Simla l!a.r-
bara, l,i»3 Aiict'Irs — BtSS*
S lOftr Port Oc«:a. Trscy. Lathrep. Stock ton 1 » :«.">*
Stoop Martin? x. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fro»no 13:23*
•:OOp Hay ward, Miles and Sau Joss 7:55 a
t«:O«r Vultejo 11:234
StVOr Oriental MjtII— Often. Canter. •>
Omaha. Bt Louis, Ohloaco 4iS3*
tiMtrOregouud California ICtprnas.Nac>
rninuntit. MitrynYill*. Un.MInir.
1'ortlHiiii, I'MKBt rt«iii,il ami Kaak 8>39»
¦¦•Up Ban Pablo. Fork Coats, Marline*
anil Way Htatiom 11»S»*
t»rO.-»r> Vall.j., 7«33f
~" COAST LiINE (Sarrort tUuge).
.; (foul of Mnrket Street.) j
•i|.->ANewark.CVnter»llle..SanJo«e,K(.ltoo, ~ *.|
itouMer 0rtek,8aiiU0«uzaml Way
Htatimm I 3i3t»
t*»ISr Hew»rk, Centertilie. ftai- Jane. Hew
. Almailan, Fulton. ISonlilsr Creek. - ' T
- . Santa Cms and l'rlucipal Way
Station* , ¦•ifl«A>*
4ilBr Newark, Han Jose. Los Gatos jS:St>*
, «9.3op Banters' Train— San Joie and Way
Stations t7.i»W.
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
frta Sil mNCISCQ— Foot of Xtrktt Strut (Slip 8)— i
.17:15 V:00 11:00a.M. 1:03 3:00 5:iSr«.
IriisOHUlB— Nil »?Br«»Jw»T.— f«:00 {8:00 t3:C#
10.00«.M. 13:03 2. 03 i:C3r.u. ¦
COAST LiIXB <Rroa<! tUnge).
(Third imdTowngeinlSU.)
«: I <•* Han Jose and Way .stations. Hi4oZ
7:0Oa Han Juae ¦>••<! Wuy .Stations.... t*:<»«»
/7iU»i Na* Ah<!»den. / 4sl«ay
~ '8i«oa Coast Line limited — Ban Jose, ,
GUroy, Salioas. San Lois Obispo.
Eant* Barbara, Lo-i Angeles and
principal Intermediate stations.... 1O;42Q
B'OOa Hun .lnoe. Ties I'inos. Mmitn. frui.
Pncllic Mro*«, -"alinas. ban l.uia
Obiepoaiut Principal inlermeUl»ta
10:;10a San Jose and Way Stations"! .'.'.'.'.'.'. »:3«*
I lt«1>A Han. losa anil Way Stations «!-<•*
14:'l5p San Mateo,- Umlwnoi), Menlo Park,
Vala Alto, .'•anta Clara, Hau .lose.
Tree Finos. Santa Crux, Salinas.
Monterey ami Paoillc iirnrs 110*0*
8:HOi- San.losaaml Way Stations l:Ui»»
. 4-s:i:ir San .lone ami Principal Way Stations BtSwV
4:30p Sanset limited — Mondays, Wednes-
days, Krtd.iy i*. for Lo* A r> gelca. El
Para New Orleans and N'evr York.
• .Arrives UoodaTs. Tuesdays and
Thursday 1(>-13»
, t3:00rSan Jos«, Los Gates and Principal
WaySUtlons f»:»O*
j Si.tOp San Joatt ami Principal Way .Statkins «:S«>»
«::i(>pS»i..I(n»»iiil \\ '»!• sr,a.ti.»-ia 7s.tO#
7iO»p New Orleans Exprens — Man Lnls
Obispo. Santa Ktrhara, Lcs An-
geles, I) mine. El Paso, I»si» Or-
lcinsaud Rise. 7:30*
glli<5pSan Jtisf ¦¦.ml Way SUttona 7:3O»
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
fSunrtay rxenoted. • J Sm»d*ir only.
only. /Turaday* and FridaySs,
; ¦ «
CiLlfOJaWA NORTHWESTERN RY. CflL
SAN FRANCISCO AKO HOHIH PAQIflii
1 RAli_WAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot or" iviartcet S^
Ban Fransis^oiio ban Uaiaal.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
- »:3O, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Enr»
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — £xtra trlp«
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ru.
SUNDAYS— 8:00 »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. ra.
t>an haia«: to ''iin Francisco.
WEEK DAYS — 0:10. 7:50. »:2O. 11:10 a. m.; ¦
1^:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — i&xtra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— a:10, U:4l>. U:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m. _^_^_
Leave I In Effect | Arrlvs
San .Francisco. [Apr. 28. 1UO1| . San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination! days. | Days.
7:aUam s:0i;am Novaio, 10:40am S:40ara
3:30pm U:30am Petaluma, V:05pm 10:25ara
5:10pm 6:00pm Santa Roaa. 7:35pm 6:20pio
Fulton, "
1 7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
9:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
¦ 3:30pm 8:00am Clovcrdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:OOpm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am '
S :30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm t5 :20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
* 8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
8:30pm 5:00pm ¦ 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40arn
and
6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:03pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8 :00am I |10:40am|10:25am
. 3:30pm| S:00pm| Sabastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mart
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
r Pulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelsey- '
ville Carlsbad Springs. Soda. Bay. Lakeport
; and Bartlett Springs; at Ukia« for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*s.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr"«
Hot Springs. Mendocino City.- Fort Brags.
Westport, Usal. "Wllllts. Laytonville. .Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. - y -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates. ¦
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C- WHITING. . R. X. RYAN. V . \
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Act.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily,
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
¦._ . Dally Dally Daily Dally
Lt. , San Fran 7:2Oa 8:0O a 8:0Op 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
, " Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 8:2" p 8:03a
.••¦Vlsalla.. 3:3»p 5:00a
" Bakersfd 8:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan.Clty 2:40 a 7:30 a...
'" Chlcaso..| 2:15p|9:00pj
a for morning p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palac« Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flrst-claas passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. dally
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding- train arrives at l£:30
p. m. daily. . • . - .
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, wit.»i
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; alaj
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. • -
7:20 a. m. Is Bakerafleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. • ¦ • . ¦ ,. ,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- • Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
Sa" Fran. Foot of Market St. ¦ San Fran.
W^< fun- n,.^,.,.^^,^ Sun- Week
9-30 A. 8:0OA. „!¦- Romja, ie» w j M 1-00 »• '• r - 4^ *.
4il5 p. 11:30a. ¦ ' ,TV.._,. \ i:i & P. 0^5 P.
1:15 p. *-«-?." kB »» 1 - l »- 15:55 p. j
F»r», St» rr>nrt"« to Sonmi: inJ !".«uro, $1.9^.
" . tUut OtkM, t21 MaPJUT 8TUZXT wd 3AC3AUT0 7S2&X.
a Dr. Gibbon's Disp??Jsar.T» ;
G2J> KEAKKT ST. K.stabMsbt-d
In 1934 for the treatment »f Htlv«to
Dixenses, Ijwt Manuoiid. Debility of
Skin Diseases. n>e Doctor cureawliem
others, fall.. Try. him. Vbzrgta low.
Carr«cranr:tn<e«-U. CnDcr writ*
l)r. i, E". "IB HO A. Biui Franclacc. C*l _ .- ."
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building, 927 Market Et. — Of-
fices with modern conveniences. #15 to $25.
ASHTOX & GARDINER.
STORE; Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.: fix-
tures and living rooms. Apply J. A. LEN-
NON. 315 Clay et. \ ;__
STORE to let with living rooms; rent cheap:
Mission et.. opp. Cortland ave. Apply shoe
rtore.
L.ARGK front offices: single or en suite; up to
date; reasonable. QXl Market Et. .
1'AtXTCRS A\D DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $.1 up: whitening and tinting
done. HARTMANN Paint Co., 319 Third St.;
telephone Red 3521.
TALMISTRY.
(J L Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to i. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2033.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel.Black 561.
PAKTXERS WANTED.
$4500 — PARTNER wanted for legitimate busi-
ness; every dollar absolutely eeteured; only
parties meaning business. Box 3459, Call.
PERSOXALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for EUits to order,
fl5; -with these suits we make an extra pair
r of pants -free of charge; other suits on install-
ment. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Elshth.
TUMORS AND CANCERS CURED — The Napa
Sanatorium will take a few cases of tumors
and cancers, making no charge until cure is
complete. Ad. Napa Sanatorium. Napa, Cal.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rsoms;
25c to ?1 DO per night; $1 50 to 56 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
flt by using- Standard Patterns: Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1C21 Market St.. near Sixth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts: selection 300 patterns.
A NEW shampooing machine; dries your hair
in 10 minutes and benefits the hair; sham-
pooing 50c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 20S Sixth Et., room
11 : call after 7 p. m.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
etones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store, 118 Geary Bt. Nat Raphael.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling- or you are bald call on
Pr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
MME LAURME'S sure cure for dandruff and
falling hair: con, free. 1007*4 MkC; parlor 1.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
FREE trial Dixon's Superfluous Ha!r Remover.
f 708 Polk st.. near Eddy; phone Polk 3522.
aCTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 7C3
V Valencia St.. corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art' gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladies free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. J119 Sutter et-
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. DOLING, 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Brigfrs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9C8 Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171.
BEFBBFUDODS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNN, 1002% IVlores St.
JEWELRY lor sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St., rm. 29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
UASQL'ERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
ceuniry orders. GOLDSTEIN Mr CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 20 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE FUits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Mis-fit Clcthinjr Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best com cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDU5IS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; 'SI; at all druggists'.
PLAXIXG AXD TCRXIXG MILLS.
WOOO and Ivory turning, planing, shaping
and sawing. CARL P. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
* r«VSICIA.\S AXD SCRCEOXS.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. — Office and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet_ Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all discas<rs cf the human body; see
tPftirrnr.iaU at office. 115-117 Mason.nr.EUis.
ItCAL ESTATE— CITV -FOR SALbT
A FPJXIAL BLT—FOR SALE BY
THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery St.
$Sf>00 — \ very artistic and comfortable home
in Presidio Heights. Two stories and base-
ment, having 10 rooms and 2 baths. Built 2
years. Lower floor has reception room and re-
ception hall, library, dining-room and kitchen.
Sideboard and china closet built in the house.
Four mantels and 4 washstands. Heater
throughout house: electric lights and gras. This
houi=e ha? ppace on north and south sides, there-
fore affording light, sun and air on three sides, '•
and light sind air on one side. Artificial stone
sidewalk laid; lot 35 feet front; Sutro electric
care 1^ blocks away: cable cars on Sacramen-
to st. being changed to electric line. Permit
to inspect at our office.
12250— FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
end fir.iEhed basement; en Eunny side street.
S10 Jersey st., near Noe.
MUST Bell — At a sacrifice, on account of de-
parture, & new 5-room cottage, bath, mantel.
Ill Montcalm et., near Isabella; investigate.
r TOR sale — 8-room house, with garden and
ttone walks. 1919 Oak St.. facing Park.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, eeni to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for fl,
postage paid.
HEAL ESTATE— COl'XTRY For Sale
FOR. SALE KTLKR SA!« r FRAKCISCO-^
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, oa Ranchc
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
flan Francisco Is crowing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
iu The Cotati Co.. 302 California et., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOIt sale on account of departure — Good pay-
ing milk ranch; good private route: 15 cows,
8 hitters, 100 chicken*, 2 horses. 20 pigs, 60
acres of land; all farming implements. In-
' dulre at Oakville Wine Co., SW. cor. FolEom
and Army £ta. «'
STOCK farm for rent, $150 per year; 360 acres •
100 fenced; 40 under plow; 3 In bearing fruit
trees; good house and barn. Addresss Im-
mediately, CARL NIDEROST. Hopland,
Mendocino County. Cal.
POINT RICHMOND:— Beautiful acre lots iu
Kichmond Addition; a limited number, end
the only acre lots near Richmond;
low; terms reasonable. See J. H. MAC-
L'OXALD & CO., 1052 Broadway. Oakland.
rOR cash rent, 10 acres, near Hay wards; im-
provementF first-class; would exchange for
Berkeley, Oakland or San Francisco improved
property. ;*<2a Sixteenth gt.. S. F. I
FRUIT orchard. 34 acres; 20 acres bearing;
'•lose to .Winters; make offer. H. C. DECK-
ER, 1020 Market et.
i*T bargain, 4% acres 1 mile below San Ma-
teo; level, rich toll; nosie Improvements;
good water; mild climate. Owner. 63* Mkt.
AT Kenwood. Sonoma Valley. 1 to 15 acrw
tract on Sonoma Creek; finest land; easy
terms. J, T. PETERS, 11 Montgomery st.
PROFITABLE orange. Jemon. reach and prune
lands to sell: rlgiit locality; big rroney; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy St.
POULTRY and «airy .anches all kinds; send
stamp for frpp list. C. R. Winflcld. Petaluma.
~JRJEAJL_.^STATE TO EXCHAXGE.
STOCK In large working corporation for prop-
erty in bay counties; /rive location and cash
value; principals only; stock interest bearing
and free from assessment. Box 5558. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ESTATE,
ALAMEDA Cottage; $1000; elx roorasT larr«
lot: easy payments, cm Twelfth St.. Oakland.
I-IUITYAIE ADVERTISEMENTS
FltCITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
AN ucD&relleled ocDortunity; 200x130 feet cor
Wilson ave. and Hcptiss «t. ; 2 blocks from
2 street car* and public school: furnished cot-
tage of C room*; stable, chiclcen-hcuae, plg-
*cn cote, etc.; ornamental ground*; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland of one
hour from S. F. ; rent $35 a month; price
L f*©00. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building,
or H. A. PL.EITICER. Fruitvale Station.
liOT, 45 feet front; close to electric road; large
discount cs»h. Box u555, Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.*
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-;
. pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45." 145 Cth.
, .STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES? <
TIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40Mis-
slon St.; tel. Howard 041.; F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and ' Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
SUPPLIES. '
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
eell .better 'machines, for less money. than any
( house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
PROPERT Y-OWNE KS & CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect lt 60c a foot up;
expert In curing smoking or faulty flues ;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty •„ brick put under old
rj buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obeiJl-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission. Or box 260. 318 Bush.
PROPOSALS.
$40,000— TOWN of Lompcc. Cal., water works
bonds — G. W. Meals, < Clerk of the town of
Lompoc, will receive until February 10, 1902,
at 5 o'clock p. m., sealed . proposals for
' $40,000 i% per cent 1 to 40 year Serial U. S.
gold water works bonds of this town. Interest
payable seml-annually. to bear Interest from
.issuance. Denomination $500 each, payable
two each year; payable at Town TreAsurer's
office. Bids to be accompanied by certified
check on some : national bank In California
for the sum of $2500, said check payable to
the order of the town of Lompoc and to 'be
addressed to and deposited with the Town
Clerk of said town, or, in lieu of said check,
cash gold coin In said amount may be
deposited with the Town Treasurer of j said
town and his receipt therefor shall ' accom- '
pany said bid; each bid to be inclosed in a '
sealed envelope indorsed "Proposition • for '•
Water Works Bonds of the * Town of Lom-
poc," and to be addressed to and • deposited
with the Town Clerk " of- said town. The
Board of Trustees of said town reserves the
right to reject any or all proposals or bids
for said bonds or to waive any Informality in
any bid as the interests of said town may
require. Resolution and Information fur-
nished on application. G. W. MEALS, Town
Clerk. ¦ -
PROPOSALS will be' received at. the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
February 18, 1902, and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
Yard. Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of
feather dusters, flre brick, twine, paints,
white lead, lye. chalk, oil, varnish, shellac,
stationery, tools, soap, glass, hardware lum-
ber, plumbers' supplies, pipe and fittings,
pig lead and generating sets. Blank propo-
sals will be furnished upon application to the
Bureau or to the Navy Pay Office San Fran-
cisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY. Paymaster Gen-
eral U. S. N. •¦ 1-14-02.
SAN Francisco. Cal., January 27, 1902. — Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 a. m., Thursday, February 27, 1902,
and then opened, for 'construction of sewer
system, water distributing system and steel
tank and trestle at Fort Miley, California.
Government reserves right to reject or . ac-
cept any or all . bids in whole or in part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (In-
cluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public ser-
vice, there. Information furnished on appli-
cation to D. D. WHEELER. Deputy Quar-
termaEter General. Chief Q. M. ¦ '
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Alonzo Hutchlnson, 33, Folsom avenue'and
Danvers street, and. Margaret F. Marshall, 35,
14 Falcon avenue. •
Francisco Delucchl, 36, 5 Sonora place, and
Angela Ghio. 26, 8 Cordell place.
Henry J. Downle, 24, 32 Rlncon place, and
Rose E. Morrison. 22, 12 Ford street.
Emil O. Jellinek. 36, city, and Ruth E.
Friesleben. 24, city.
David J. O'Brien, 34, city, and Lizzie M.
Reardon, 34, Denverton. Cal.
Benedict Vernazza, 33, 220 > Filbert street,
and Catherlna Garaventi, 22, 7 Lafayette place.
-Mattios ' Mortie-Ia, -S2, 525 Broadway, and
Porflria Lopez, 32, 525 Broadway.
Eugene V. N. Bissel, 32, New York City,
and Sara E. Hudson. 23, Hull, Canada. .
Emile Frankard, 27, 525 Vallejo' street,' and
Maria Recull, 26, 520 Vallejo street.
Raphael Davis, 28, 663 McAllister street, and
Birdie Cohnreich, 2S, 1310 O'Farrell street.
John Reardon, 29, 14 Victor street, and Lau-
retta Dwyer, 22. 210 Shipley street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of. per-,
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
PALMER — In this city, January 23, 1902, to
the wife of Georse F. Palmer, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BADGER— CLEARY— In this city, January 19,
¦ 1902, at St. Rose's Church, by the Rev. C. E.
O'Neile, James A. Badger and May E.
Cleary. both of San Francisco.
COOK — LEWIS — In this city, January 8, 1902
by Judge J. C. B. Hebbard, Irving B. Cook
and Hattie Lewis, both of San Francisco.
GARETY — WALL— In this city, January 10
lf»O2, at St. Paul's Church, by the Rev!
Father Hennessey, Matthew C. Garety and
Delia M. Wall.
GUSTAFSON— CARLSON— In this city. Janu-
ary "5, 1902. by the Rev. C. J. E. Haterius
pastor of Evangelical Lutheran Ebenezer
Church, Knut F. Gustafson and Emma Carl-
son. >
DIED.
Arnold, Elbridge F. James, Jennie L.
Baettse, Anna C. Kelly, Patrick J
Becss, Ellen King. Eliza
Betz, William Leonard, Bridget
Burgess, Arthur F. Loewenberg, Rosa
Burrows. Robert M. McDonald, Annie
Burns, Mary Macher, Joseohine
Byrne, John P. Miller, Genevieve R,
Callundan, Fred P. Milmore, /Violet
Corcoran. William Ohm, .Rudolph a'
Dahl, Gustav Peacock, Harry
Deakin, H. C. Peterson, Mrs K-
JDunmore, Sarah Randall, Lawrence
Edwards, Lulu Reilly, Annie
Frederickson, Frank Russell, Edwin F -
Gee, Veata L. i Sanders, Elizabeth
Goss, Elizabeth ' Schlerlng. JoJiann «
Graham. Thomas Seavier, Hannah M
Gray, Judge F. J. Simmons, Charles
Haskins, Mrs. E. C. White, Edward F
Heydenfeldt, Ine C. Ziegler, Charles !
Holmberg, Capt. A.
ARNOLD — In Alameda, January 20, ¦ 1902 ' El-
bridge F., beloved husband of Ellen M. Ar-
• nold, and father of Mrs. J. R. Russell, Fran-
cis W. Arnold and Elizabeth D. Arnold a
native of Massachusetts, aged v 73 years 2
months and 25 days.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral servlceo
Wednesday, January 29, 1902, at 11 o'clock
at his late residence, 1612 Santa Clara ave-
nue, Alameda. Interment private and in
Mountain View Cemetery.
BAETTGE — In Sauuali to, January 27, 100°
Anna Clara, beloved wife of Captain c'
Baettge, and relict of the late C. Mersebach
and mother of Mrs. C. G. Schmidt, a native
of Germany, aged 61 yeara. . .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are resDect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadaen, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & GallaKner v"
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER*
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School-
Telephone South 80.
IYU; Olivet Cemetery,
BAN BRUNO HILLS.,
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manat'er'
• - . - • . i • ¦ ¦ ¦ y .- - . ¦ ;
NEW FiKtfl 'JH L^DtiiiTAKBR^^^l
• J Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager 'for
-the United Undertakers' Association; M J
McBrearty. with the same company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late <wlth J. C. O'Con-
nor &. Co.. Jiave opened new "Funeral Par-
lors at lnif Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. - - . -
REMOVED! *
McGinn Bros., '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-'
; ERS. to 224 and 226 McAllister st. (For-
¦ merly of -HI Eddy st. Tel. South 252.) ¦ - *
I. JAMBS McGINN. |
Formerly with! McGinn Bros. .'"has 'opened I
new i Funeral • Parlors at 214 Eddy st. bet. I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone, South' 576. 'I
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ITK»»>. T:t ».:v KKAI. KSTATK.
! $2000 NEW 5 or C room cottage: lot 15x100; 2
! block? to school and, cars, stores, churches, i
• etc.- only $200 down, balance $20 per month; ,
'jorc'elain tub, tiled -sink, fine mantel, 'sta-
tionary tubs sideboard, gas. fixtures, tinted
walls. W. C. MORAN & CO.
50200 — NEW 7-room house on • 80-foot street:
half block to cars; east of Telesrraph ave.:
lot 50x140; must be sold. W. C. MORAN & ¦
CO., Lorin Station ; and Schmidt block,
Berkeley. < ¦
ONLY $2000 — Fine, well built house of- 6 rooms
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot,
en the eunny elde of street: street work all
j done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. • MA-
SON, real estate. Berkeley station.
$2000 — HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern ;
one block from station: lot- 60x110: terms to
cult; interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J. ENYPER, 467 Ninth St.,
or branch office, Adeline station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE. V
$5 CASH. $2 60 monthly: 2 lots. 25x256: price
$39 each.
' $20 cash, 5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $250
in all, I
$50 cash, $5 monthly; 4 lots. 100x100; trees
and shrubberies: price $300. '
$75 cash. $7 50 monthly; S lots. 100x200;
fine oaks and laurel trees: price $575.
$65 cash, $10 monthly; 200x200; price $9S5,
In all; fine soil: grand view; superb climate;
near electric car line, fine school; building up
rapidly with a good class of people; no fogs
nor raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh Et., oppo-
site Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR Sale — 7-room cottage, modern, large lot,
trees, flowers, near Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
$2000; 10-room dwelling, modern, central,
near streetcars and local trains, Oakland,
$5500. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
7 NEW homes; 5 to 8 rooms; all first class:
Merrimac or Twenty-eighth St.. between Tel-
egraph ave. and Grove St.; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
8. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate. ' 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st. ¦
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh et.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELIZABETH, 2, off San Jose ave. — 2 sunny un-
furnished front rooms for light housekeeping.
FOLSOMJ 742A — Large room, housekeeping,
with yard connection; cheap at $7 60 month;
clean Dlace.
LEAVEXWORTH, 1521—2 large rooms furnish!
ed or unfurnished for housekeeping; upstairs.
MARKET, 153S. near Eighth — 2 sunny connect-
ing large unfurnished rooms? water, sink;
quiet house; rent $12 50.
MCALLISTER, 935. lower — Nicely furnished
suite housekeeping rooms, $13.
MINNA, 281, corner FourUi — Furnished house-
keeping complete; also sunny double front,
cheap.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny rooms, range, sink. $12; 2
basement rooms. $9; front room. $6; back
room, $7; all furnished for bousekeeping.
ONE to 7 rooms, furnished or unfurnished; pri-
vate residence; also lower floor, 3 rooms. $15
1315 O'Farrell st. ¦ ¦ - '
RAUSCH. S5. near Eighth, between Folsom and
Howard — Housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA, 128— Alcove 'sunny rooms with
kitchen; adults; references; near 6 car lines.
VALENCIA, 1232 — Sunny alcove room: fur-
nished housekeeping; warm belt; gas; bath.
Virg'inla.1005 Powell --2sunny front housekeeping
rooms ; newly furnished ; gas range, baths ;$20.
$50 — FURNITURE and carpets, 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms; rent $15; Leaven worth. 14
Flood building.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established at -1096
Valencia Et.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and tlnfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Hboms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BROADWAY, 930—2 extra large sunny front
rooms; bath and yard; rent $8.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished ras., suites, single ; also unfurnished.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 50 night; SI 60", $0 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. 418 (The Plerpont) — Beautifully foir-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hot water; private baths.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 4O5 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 759— Finely furnished
suite, run. water, crate, gas, bath, all con.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. Tth and Mission —
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single ;elevat.
HOWARD. 1070—3 sunny rooms and bath.
! JONES. 906. In lower flat — One large room,
double bed: hot and icold watery privilege of
bath; breakfast served if desired.
KE ARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Of flee or sunny
. furnished rooms, en suite or single.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
- private baths: newly furnished single rooms."
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; fl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up: 35c a day up.
NICELY furnished room In private family;
near Park; suitable for man and wife. Box
3154, Call office.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL. House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK. 1002 — Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. '
SIXTH, 108— Furnished rooms to let, $1 25 per
week and up.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st
STOCKTON. 332^ — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone.
TURK, 543 — Large front room; open or folding
bed; grate, gas and bath; reasonable.
WILLOW ave., 14. near Eddy — Large sunny
furnished front room; 2 men or man & wife.
YERBA BHENA, 25, near Taylor and Sacra-
mento — Nice large furnished room; nice loca-
tlon; rent moderate. ¦ .
ROOMS AKP HOARD. .
MEREDITH. 218 Turk; eunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
HOTEL Buena Vista— Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt of Mission.. 1070 Valencia
et. ; conservatories. ' ' ¦ . - ¦ \ -¦¦ '
HANDSOMELY furnished front room with
board; use parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van Ness.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Nicely furnrsbed sunny
rooms; good location; reasonable.
Irvlngdaie, €28 Eddy— Double & single rooms,
suitable for students; good table; low rates.
NIARA. CIS Taylor — Sunny rooms; excellent
board: one management; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 519 — Ha ndsome furnished apart-
ments: conv.: 2 to 5 Rents; best table board.
ROOMS WANTED.
LADY with little girl wishes unfurnished room
near Hawthorne School. 114 San Jose ave. j
WANTED — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for house- '
keeping: east of Larkln st. Box ."428. Call.
RUPTURE SAJTITARIU3I. . j
RUPTURE— Will lengthy ads cure you? No. j
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1206 Market et. j
wd eft cured: treatment fri>e. • j
. . SPECIAL NOTICES. j
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC ; COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel.: 6580. i
• . ¦ sion : street. \ Interment Odd Fellows' Geme-
7 tery.'; ; . . -';¦¦¦, ! ...- i . . V . - ,' '•-.': ;. -
BEGGS— In this city. January 27, .' 1902, • Ellen;
beloved wife . of the late x Thomas Beggs, \
mother of William F. and Neil T. .Beggs,
¦ Mrs. J. E. • Scully, Mrs. ."P. F. McCarthy
and the late Mrs. John Sheridan, and Bister
of William, Neil and Ann; Duffy and. Mrs.
James Humphrey, a native of County Done-
gal, Ireland, aged' 66 years." :
CCTFriends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock,, from her late
residence, 122 . William street, thence to St.
Mary'a Cathedral, where a, solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated .. for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flower*. ¦¦,¦'' '¦:¦'/ '•¦¦¦' ¦ ;: . ' ;"
BETZ-^-In this city, January 26,. 1902, Wll-
Uam, . beloved brother of Charles Betz,-- a' na-
tive of New Orleans. '}
BURGESS — In this city, January 26, 1902,
Arthur F. Burgess, beloved' Bon of Otis R.
and Sarah F. Burgess, and brother of Fred
0. and Mae Burgess, a- native of Missouri,
aged 30 years 2 months and 9 days. .;¦¦¦.
- ¦¦ C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 20, at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4081- Nineteenth \ street. . Inter-
1 ment National Cemetery. ;
BURNS— In this city, January 27, 1902, at St.
Joseph's Home, Mary, relict of the late John
Burns, and mother of T. H. Burns, a native
of Ireland, aged 57, years. ¦ .: . ;
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission . street, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high . mass will be cele-
brated for the repose- of her soul at ,10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURROWS— In this city. January 25, 5 19TJ2,
Robert M., dearly beloved son - of Thomas
¦ and Mary. Burrows, and brother of Thomas,
' Charles and Mary Burrows, Mrs. F. Tho-
gode and Mrs. W. A. Harrison and the late
¦John Burrows, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20. years 10 months and 25 days, i
, (CF'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27? and 29 Fifth
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church for
services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy^ Cross
Cemetery..'. .' ¦ '-¦"
BYRNE— In this city, January 27. 1902, John
' a P. . Byrne, brother of Mrs. , Michael McKen-
zie and Mrs. D. Kelly, a native of County
Tipperary, Ireland, aged 38 . years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:45 o'clock, from. the par-
' lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
- street, thence to Et. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul -at 9 o'clock. 'Inter-
ment Holy Cros« Cemetery. ¦. : ,
CALLUNDAN— In this city, January 26, 1902,
Fred P. Callundan. a native of New York.
- E7"Frientls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street.
CORCORAN— In this city. January 25, 1902.
William, beloved husband of the late Min-
nie Corcoran, and father of Thomas, Marie
Jennie and Alice Corcoran and the late John
Corcoran, a native bf County Kilkenny, Ire-
- land. A member of Division No. 3, A. O
H. of A.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
. J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767: Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for service*
at 1:15 o'clock. ' Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.. . .; .
DAHL— In this city. January 25, 1002, Gus-
: tav, beloved husjaand of Marn Dahl, and
father of Lizzie, Olof, George and William
Dahl, a native of Nprway, aged 54 years
. and S months. ' - -
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at . 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. ! Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. |
DEAKIN— In this city, January 27, 14J02, H.
C. Deakin. beloved husband of Catherine
Deakin, and father of J. W. and T. A.
Deakin, a native of Illinois, aged 69.' years.
DUNMORE — In Alameda, Cal., January 2Q,
1902, Sarah, beloved .wife of the late Wil-
liam Dunmore, and mother of. the late John
and Isnatiua Dunmore, and sister-in-law of
John Dunmore, a native of County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aged 50 years. - ;
•IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224 and 226 McAl-
lister street, opposite City Hall. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
EDWARDSr— In this city, January 26, 1902,i
Lulu, beloved wife of John S. Edwards,
mother of Leslie- Edwards, daughter of the
late Jeremiah and Ellen McCarthy, and sister
of John McCarthy, Mary E. Cline and Mrs.
A. McGlynn, a native of San Francisco, aged
28 years and 6 months. .....
K7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1341 Eddy street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy street, between ,. Scott i
and Devisadero, where a requiem high mass
will be' celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 10 g^clockv. ..Interment Holy !
Cross 'Cemetery, by Carriage. ' . "" ";'~
FREDERICKSON— In the City and County
Hospital, January 25, llK>2, Frank Frederlck-
son, a native of Finland/ aged 47 years. . .
GEE— In Alameda, January 26, 1902, Vesta L.,
¦ beloved daughter of W. S. and Vesta L.
Gee, and sister of Allan W. and Ell wood R.
* Gee, a native of California, aged 7 years 7
months and 24 days. ' .-. •
KFFriends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .TuesdUy,
'January 28, at 1 o'clock, from the residence,
2100 Pacific avenue. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. '
GOSS— In this «ity,' January 26, 1902, at her-
residence, 178 Hartford street, Elizabeth, be-
loved, wife of the late Michael Goss, and
'mother of Tessle, Johnnie and Aggie Goss,
Mrs. William Celestres, Mrs. J. ¦ McMahon
1 and Mrs. D. Murphy, a native of County
Longford, Ireland, aged 56 years. /
ET'The funeral will take place to-rrforrow
(Wednesday), from the Church of the Holy
Redeemer, Diamond street, near Eighteenth,
wherfi a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment private In Holy
Cross Cemetery. , . .'.
GRAHAM— In this city, January 26, 1902,
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Mary
Graham, and father of Thomas F. and Jame 3
Graham and Mrs. Frank Gleason, a native
of Ireland, aged 04 years.
lOThe funeral i will take place • to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 254 Dore street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
5 will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
.commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .: ; . ... >
GRAY — In this city, January 27, 1902, Judge
Frank John Gray, beloved son of H. ,W. and
the late Catharine Gray, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3& years 2 months and 7
days.' A raember ol Manzanita Tribe No. i,
1. O. R. M.
C?Remalns at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209 Mis-
sion street. ';. ',
HASKINS — In Oakland, at 545 Twenty-fourth
street. January . 27, 1902, Mrs. Elaphal C.
Hashins, a native of Massachusetts, aged 7U
years S months and 24 days.
HEYDENFELDT — In Fruitvale January 26,
1902,.In*Octreigh, beloved husband of Maud
Heydenfeldt, and father of • Ine, Solomon and
Edwin Heydenfeldt. a native- of San Fran-
cisco, aged 28 years 3 months and 11. days..
HOLMBERG — In this city, January 26, 1902.
Captain Alfred Holmberg, late of Alaska
Packers'^ Association's steamer Hattie Gage,
a native of Finland, aged 52 years.' ....
E5"Frlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. • Interment Laurel
' Hill Cemetery. . ¦".¦- • ' -' / >
JAMES — In this city, January 26. 1902, Jennie
L., beloved wife of JefferBon G.Jamea, and
mother of Mrs.' Maude Graves, ; a native of
. Missouri, aged 61 years and 19 days. I
E5"The funeral services will be held to-
day (Tuesday), at 1- o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 2139 Howard . street, between .. Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth streets. ' Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery,' via electric , funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
1 KELLY— In this city, * January 25, 1902, Pat-
rick J., beloved . husband of Mary Kelly, a
native of the parish of Bermlngham, County,
Tipperary, Ireland, aged 56 years. • , '
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the '"funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 . o'clock, from his "late
, residence,. 50 ' Tehama street, , thence to St.
. Brendan's ¦'. Church, where a ' requiem high
¦", mass will be celebrated for, the repose, of his
eoul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross . Cemetery. ¦,.:•:.¦ .
KING— In this city, January 26, , 1902, Eliza,
beloved wife of Alexander King, and mother
r of John W..- Alex., » Jean. Jemima, Henry,'
James, . Jessie , and Annie King, Mrs." P: . H.
Wissing, Mrs.,H. Brodie,:Mrs. T, E. Luding-'
ton and Mrs. F. Henkel, a native of Scot-
land, aged 58 years 6 months and 12 days.
1 (n7"Friend3 are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, : llO^a
San Jose avenue," near Elizabeth street.- In-
" terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via electrif
: funeral; car from Elizabeth . and ,. Guerrero
-utreets." '¦" ' .- ..' ' •" «¦''•' ¦•¦. .' :'',-!
LEONARD-^-In this ¦ city, January 26, 1902,'
Bridget, beloved, wife of the late Thomas
Leonard, . and aunt „ of Bridget McDermott
" and Mrs. - John Murphy, and the late ; Mra.
Rown and Timothy and Patrick McDermott,
. ; a native : of . the parish, of Kilbaenat. County
' Galway, - Ireland, aged -. 62 • years. ¦ (Pennsyl-'
vanla. Anaconda. Colorado - and New Tork
v papers and the Irish '- World please? copy.).; ;
¦ (C7'Friend3 and acQuaintances are respect-
fully .invited, to attend ; the .funeral to-day
! (Tuesday), at 9:3Q o'clock, from her late
residence, 2H33- Post street." thence | to- St.
'¦ Dominic's '¦ Church, : - where a requiem high'
¦ , mass . will be celebrated < for; the reopsa • of
•', her soul at- 10 o'clock. " Interment Holy Cross
':' Cemetery. -.¦;¦• ' .- ¦;
LOEWENBERG^In this city,' January 26,
¦ 1902, .- Rosa. : beloved- wife: of Joseph . Loewen-
v berg, 'a native of : Germany,. aged 68 years 10
Vmonths and 12 days. (New York City papera
." -please copy.) r t ¦ .,•: :..\u . ' .< v.- *
'•': ¦ . CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
". '•.; (Wednesday), > ' at ; 10 . o' clock, '• from <- her ¦ late"
,;,: residence, ;• 11- Day < street,; between . San -Jose ;
. avenue and Dolores streets. . -i Interment Home"
..of PeRce Cemetery, -via electric funeral 4 car. J
McDON ALD— In this city, : January 26, ' 1902,
RAILWAY THAVEL.
Annie, "beloved wife, of -Andrew ; McDonald,
and mother of Jamei, .'Joseph, "¦ John. ¦..WH-
: liam, ; Georse, ¦ Andrew, Ella, -Frances and
,; Rose -McDonald and Mrs. Annie Kelleher. a
. native of County Rosccmmon, Ireland, aged
' 49 years 5 months and 11 days. N /
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to -attend the funeral to-morrow.
'. (Wednesday), at 8:30 o clock, from . her late
• residence, 124 ' Lansrton street, • thence to St.
Joseph's Church, ¦where a requiem. high mass
' will te celebrated for the repose of her soul
at , 9 o 1 clock, i Interment Holy. Cros3 Cemei
;:tery." s .-,-,'. ¦ .¦ : '-.•.-. ¦ : - -. - ¦ : ¦ .'¦ ¦' '
MACHER— In- this city. January 26,, 1902.
•¦; Josephine - E.. beloved ¦ wife of 'John O.
Macher, . and ¦ beloved daughter of John and
the late Louise Simmen," and sister of Frank.
Harry and Annie Simmen, a native of Chi-
cago, 111., aged 20 years 10 months and 20
¦ days. , . .'.;¦.¦ .¦ . ; ¦ "./ ¦
«. (n^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-.
-fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
. 'o£ Mr. 'John Simmen, .883 CaDP street, be-
tween Twenty-third ' and Twenty-fourth,
-.thence', to Odd Fellows'- Cemetery , for cre-
."-mation. .rs* .. • . ; ' • . . / . •
MILLER— In South' San' Francisco,- January
•25, 1002, passed into life eternal. Genevleve
Reglna Miller, dearly beloved daughter of
:" Benjamin and Margaret Miller, and darling
• sister- of :.' Stasla, Benjamin.: Jr... Bertie,
.' George, ' Kose and Ralph Miller, and grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Daly and
Mrs. \ Mary Miller of Sacramento, ! a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months and
25 days.' (Sacramento papers please,, copy.)
' ; ' - G7"Friends and" acquaintances -are respect-
fully- invited to. attend the funeral , to-day
(Tuesrlay), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, corner of Third. avenue and
I street south. South San Francisco, thence
to All Hallows' • Church > for services, com-
• mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment ¦ Holy Cros3
¦Cemetery. ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦
MILMORE— In this city, January 26, 1002,
Violet, only and beloved daughter of James
, and Elizabeth . Milmore, a native of. Na-
'nalmo, 'B. C, aged 10 years 10 months and
10 days. , .. < ;
OHM— In . Ukiah, Cal., January 25, 1902,
• Rudolph .A., beloved \ husband, of Emma
Ohm, and father of Elsa and Rudolph Ohm,
¦ son of Augusta and the late Edward O'-m,
• and brother of Charles. H. Ohm and MV
. Annie A. :< O'Connell and the late , Edwarfl
'; Ohm, i a native of San Francisco,' aeed 46
yearsiand 11- month*. ¦ -".''¦¦
¦ CJ"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
'..' fully invited . to . attend the funeral to-day
' (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. A. O'Connell, 509
Hyde street. Interment private.
PEACOCK— In this city, January 27, 1902, !
,; , Harry Peacock, beloved son of Georsre and
a' Margaret Peacock, and brother of Joseph,
¦ Anna ¦ and Lula Peacock, Mrs. James Ar-
cher, Mrs. v Moll ie Fyfe and Mrs. T. H. Nix- 1
• on, a native of Napa, Cal., -aged 26 years 2
months and 5 days.-, £s
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
PETERSON— In San" Lorenzo, Cal., January
j 25, 1902, Mrs. Kirstin Peterson, wife of the
I ¦ late Captain Jacob Peterson, beloved mother
. of Mrs. Henry Marlin and ; James . C, Peter-
[ : son, a native of Denmark, aged 63 years
and 9 days. . . -• . . ¦¦ ' . ¦ . - . >
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully '- invited ¦ to attend the funeral to-day
' (Tuesday), at .2 o'clock, from her late resl-
: dence. ¦ ¦ Interment San • Lorenzo Cemetery.
RANDALL — In the City and County Hospital,
January 27, 1902, Lawrence Randall, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 32 years, -v ' . ' '
REILLY— In this city, January 27, 1902, An-
nie, relict of the late Bernard T. Reilly, and
: mother of Mollle and Thomas Reilly, Mrs.
F. C. " Pendergast and Mrs. J. P. Fennell
. and the late Mrs. Susan McGlynn and James
Reilly, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 60
years 5 months and 15 days, . ;.
(C^FrIend3 and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her' daughter, 917 Treat; avenue,
v. thence to St. Peter's Church for services at
1 o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUSSELL^In this city. January r 27, 1902,
Edwin F. Russell, a past sachem of Red
Jacket Tribe No. 28, Impd. O. R. M..of Sac-
ramento," Cal., and member of Union Lodge
No. ». F. and A. M., Detroit, Mich., a na-
tive of Detroit, Mich., aged 65 years and 4
months. (Detroit, Mich., papers please copy.)
CyFuneral ; f rom Red Men's building. 320
Post street," Wednesday, at- 2 o'clock sharp,
under the auspices of Arapahoe Tribe No. 76,'
, Impd. O. R. M.' All members of the order
are cordially invited to attend the funeral.
. Thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cre-
- motion. Remains at the parlors of James
Haean, 445 "Valencia street.
THOMAS R. LAUBACH, Sachem.
' HENRY WALKER. Chief of Records.
SANDERS— In this city, 'i January 27, 1902,
Elizabeth Sanders, widow of the late Dr.
Sanders, and sister of Mrs.» Martin. Doerr.
a native of Germany, aeed 52 years and 10
days. ¦ ¦
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at -10 o'clock, from the parlors
, of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street, be-
, tween. Fifth and Sixth. Interment
¦ Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. . . '
SCHIERING! — In this city, January 27, 1902,
Johann Schiering, beloved husband of Caro- '
line Kchierlng. a native of Germany, aged 58
years .11. months and .18 days. A ' member
:•¦ of- the Shipwrights' Association of San Fran-
. Cisco, i; •....-¦ . -, , •
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
- Interment . Mount Olivet . Cemetery.
SKAVIF.R — In this city, January 27, 1902.
Hannah Mary Seavier, beloved mother of
-Frank L. Seavier. a native of New York,
aged 5S years 3 months and 14 days.
ICTNotice of ; funeral hereafter, s.
SIMMONS — In ; this city, January 26, 1902,
Charles Simmons, beloved husband of Phoebe
L. Slmmongj and father of Elizabeth A
Simmons, a native of Rhode Island, aged
83 years 10 months and 23 days. •(Rhode
Island paper* please copy.) •
B^Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral . to-day
: (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the 'mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2483 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland. Interment private.
WHITE — In this city. January 26, 1002, Ed-
ward Fenton White, father of Edward E
White, son of the :ate Fenton and Ann
¦ , White, i brother of George and John 'White
and Mrs. James Burke, a native of Boston,
¦ Mass. • . .- '
- [CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, , from the resi- I
-dence of his sister, Mrs. James , Burke, 3026
: Twenty-second street, thence- to St. Peter's
S Church, where a solemn . requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
" mencing at 9 o'clock.; Interment Holy Cross
- Cemetery.' ' ¦ . . . ¦¦-.¦¦
ZIEGLER— In Virginia City, January 24, 1902,
Charles, husband of Mary Ziegler, and father
of Crist, John, Charles, Annie and Willie
Ziegler and Mrs. C. P. Bostwick, a native of
Germany, aged 72 years. .,-,.- ;¦ -...¦•-
SJianahanFlorisfGo.
V ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.n^ELLIS SB? 5056escape Sunday night from the O'Farrell
street station. He was arrested by Offi
cer "Wedekijid and taken to the station oo.
O'Farrell street, near Devisadero, where
he was booked. He was not placed in a
cell, but was allowed to sit in the office
pending the arrival of a patrol wagon,
which was to convey him to the City
Prison. Madalena evidently did not cher
ish the thought of a ride through the
chilly air of a frosty night to lodgment
in a frigid .cell, so while the attention
of the officer in charge was diverted he
quietly slipped out of the- door.
Chief "Wlttman bas detailed Lieutenant
Birdsall to make an Investigation, and
the officer who Is responsible for the pris
oner's escape will be punished. Captain
Seymour detailed Detectives Wren and
Dlnan last night to search for Madalena.
S
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;:CAIiL; JANirARY^28, 1902,
Officer Who I-ed Men in Campaign Is Honored
- at the Banquet Boards -and Amid Hearty Plaudits; He Tells
of Deeds of Those Who- Fought in Hoiir of th^ Nation's Peril
GENERAL J. F. SMITH IS GUEST
OF FIRST INFANTRY REGIMENT
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— Chief Justice Ful
ler to-day announced that the United States
Supreme Court would take a recess from next
Monday until Monday. February- 24.-- -
Major Kdwin Lewis, formerly "a copyist
in the Recorder's office, has filed a. suit
for maintenance against his son, John R
Lewis, who is a police officer. The /ather
claims that owing to physical disabilltv
end old age he is unable to earn sufficient
fcr his support. " - - .
Major Lewis Sues for Support.
of ?lo6o per annum. \ .
Frank A villa is promoted to position of mes
senger first division under Deputy Farley at
$S40 per annum.
George P. DlznpfeL, extra assistant weigher
fofflce abolished), transferred to position of
messenger under Deputy Collector Hamilton.
Augustus Vehr. extra assistant weigher, vice
Willcox. promoted: $1200 per annum.
Customs Collector Stratton made several
appointments, promotions and transfers
yesterday afternoon. The changes are not
made as a result of the death of Chief
Clerk Jerome, but In accordance with the
recommendations of Special Treasury
Agents West and Channing as being
necessary to transact the increased busi
ness of the Custom-house. They are as
follows: i
Ellis A. Holmes, appointed to clerkship in
the marine division with power to act ae spe
cial deputy collector; salary $1000 per annum
<n»w of nee.)
George P. Clough, assistant storekeeper, ii<
transferred to clerkship at $1400 per annum,
vice Tlolmes, promoted.
R. H. Willcox, assistant weigher. Is trans
ferred to clerk In the marine division at $1200
per annum (new office).
Lloyd Spencer, messenger, tias been pro^
moted to position of assistant storekeeper at
the rate of $000 per annum to act in the Ori
ental warehouse (new office).
W. L. Tregea, messeng-er, has been promoted
to clerk In the warehouse division at the rate
House.
ZIXIS SOLIIES PROMOTED
BY COLLECTOR STRATTON
Several Changes and Transfers Are
Hade in the Custom-
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers : decided: toe hold^an : examination of
sergeants : for promotion' to the'gradeof
lieutenant An" the "Police Department -at
the City Hall on the afternoons of,Febru
ary 18 and 19, commencing,- at ?1? o'clock:
From , those - who ; pass f four * Will.-: be - se
lected to fill the vacant ¦ positions, "i: At a
date -yet *to : be \ selected f there- will > be 'an
examination of lieutenants l for/ promotion
to .the : rank . of captain. ' No date has yet ,
been set for the examination; of corporals
for promotion ' to. the rank ¦ of sergeants, «
nor for ; patrolmen ' for ¦' promotion to \the
rank; of corporal..: - •¦ " ". - - ¦'¦": , ¦ ¦¦: ¦•-
Police Sergeants First 'or.' List.
•George W.Staake.J.W.C. Maxwen
and Henry 'Pichoir : were appointed ad
ministrators : of - the estate shortly . after
Bell's death... Contention; arose, and fn
1892 Plchoir resigned and in 1838 &e resig
nation; of -Maxwell 'was filed. .Staake con
•tinued in the', performance of his duties
as administrator until March, : 1900, when
the order appointing him was revoked by
Judge Sea well after a long wrangle ove
an, application -for trial; of a suit for ¦ the
revocation . of the order- brought by Mrs
Bell.^ He. appealed from the . decision . to
the Supreme Courts and Judge 1 Seawell's
opinion -was sustained. ; ; Mrs. Bell's aDDli
cation Is the result of the Supreme Court's
refusal to .sef aside the decision of Judge
Sea well, . ' . -¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
Mrs. Teresa Bell applied to the Superior
Court yesterday for letters of administra
tion upon the. estate. of; her. late husband^
Thomas BeU; who died in 1882. - She claims
that there is $300,000 -worth of property to
i. be disposed of. :' "H ."./ ;
..Nolan & Co., who for many years hav*
conducted a shore .. store, corner I Seventh
and Market -streets, Odd Fellows',; build
ing;! have ¦ moved - ; across . the '¦ street ' to ¦ the
new Callaghan building, .where they have
a more » commodious store... A new stock
has been bought < for their , new location
and they will be pleased to welcome their
old patrons in their new quarters. • - ¦• ¦ ¦
Removal No tics.
ASKS COURT TO ; . BE * -
APPOINTED EXECUTRIX
Mrs! Margaret Eldridge is now free' to
try her luck again at choosing a- husband
if she cares to. ' She was married to Ed
ward -E. Eldridge in 18S2, and very soon
after that discovered that she had not
thereby added; to her happiness. Her
married llfe_ was unhappy until a ' few
years ago, when her husband was com
mitted to the State Hospita. at Stockton
as incurably ' insane. In her distress she
applied to her wealthy father-in-law for
assistance, but, denying her that, he ad
vised her to get a. divorce and marry
again. She took legal advice . and . com
menced an if action : on'/ the > grounds
of cruelty, and failure to provide and yes
terday Judge Hebbard signed the decree
in her case. ; ' : .
Ex-Judge Belcher represented Mrs. Eld
ridge. - His contention- in this case has
just been sustained' by: the Supreme Court
in the : case \ of Nellie Harrigan against
Joseph, T. Harrigan, wherein it was held,
reversing the Superior Court of Merced
County, that a wife could have a divorce
from her insane huwband for causes ex
isting prior to his insanity." ' —
: Pauline Bergstein tiled a suit yesterday
to establish an ;oraer for alimony made
by the District Court- of the Second Ju
dicial District- of Nevada in May, . 1S99,
when she was J granted a . divorce irom
her former husband, ¦ 'Dr. -Henry Berg
stein. Bergstein . was ordered to pay' ma
wife": $100 per month for the support of
herself and three minor children, which
order; was : subsequently . modified/ and
Bergstein was then ordered to pay. $75 per
month. Mrs. Bergstein: alleges that her
former husband has failed to obey~the
court's: order since May,>1901, and. Is now
indebted to her in the sum of $673. . ¦'¦
: Bergstein is -now-^a resident .of .this city
and the^ suit is .brought to estauilsh the
order made by -the. Nevada courts, which
order, owing to the: defendant's removal
from the State, cannot be enforced unless
established here. "
i Mary Rellly' filed a suit for maintenance
against her husband, Patrick Reilly, yes
terday. She also asks for an order re
straining Reilly from disposing. of a house
and r lot ; on the ¦ corner of Rhode ¦ Island
and- Nevada streets; which she claims is
her. separate property. '. * \ - -
Max Weiner, s proprietor of. a store at
222 Kearny street, filed a suit 'for divorce
yesterday against Celia Weiner. . His suit
is -based on statutory grounds and' he
names as corespondents t Tim Leonard
James Dugan and Harry Stotet. He says'
his. wife left him January 21 of this year
and ; went to t Chicago, - accompanied by
Leonard. He also says the tickets for the
pair : were ; purchased with . money fur
niahed'by him, and accuses his wife of
taking all - the , jewelry he had given her
since f their: marriage. ;¦ The Weiners re
sided at 1663 Geary street and have three
small; children. .,; I <^> ; . ¦ _-,-,
'. Suits for ¦- divorce were filed yesterday
by Fredericka Buchmuller againsf Wil
liam Buchmdller for. desertion and Chris
tian Larsen against Nellie Larsen for de
sertion. „ , . : •-, ¦¦„; v .
| William Buckley, • who . Is on trial in
! Judge Lawlor's conrrt for • the murder of
George E. Rice, a. non-union machinist,
on the . evening . of ; October. ' 11 last, -was
positively,; identified as the assassin by
Witness Arthur Cleve yesterday. The
i scene was a dramatic one and held the at
tention of all In the courtroom
-' Cleve Is a, lad of les than 15 yeaxa. On
the evening of the. murder he left, the
McNicholls elevator j works and boarded
a Howard street car «t Main street to go
to his home. Before they reached Twen
tieth street he observed Buckley and Mo
ran standing on the forward steps of the
car. g Moran looked back at intervals, as
if* waiting for some one in the rear to
jump off, -while Buckley held; on with one
hand, "the other being --constantly in his
hip pocket' "When Twentieth, street was
reached Buckley . and Moran sprang off
and etood by. as another man began to
club Rice. Suddenly Buckley drew a re
volver and fired four shots into the body
of the man, then lying on the ground. A
moment later Buckley and Moran dashed
down the street ¦ toward Shotwell street.
"Do you know who it was that fired the
shots at Rice?" inquired Prosecuting At
torney Alf ord. ' " >.;'
1 "Yes, sir." j
"Who was it?" t *
"William Buckley.". '/ r -v >_-
"la he in this room?" ' V
"Yes. -sir.'' i "•-- - N
.'. "Can you point him out?" -
"Yes, sir."
"Put your hand on his shoulder."
Young Cleve arose and stepped outside
the railing to the place where Buckley
sat, with blanched ¦ face, near his attor
neys. The crowd watched him curiously
I as : Cleve • stepped to Buckley's side and
'lightly placed his hand on the prisoner's
left shoulder. . ... .
i "Is that the man : who shot George
Rice?" , - .- '
: "That is the • man who shot George
P.ice."
: Buckley glared viciously at the retreat
ing form of the young witness as he re
! sumed his seat on the stand. .
!¦ The defense then took him In hand and
; he was sharply cross-examined. Cleve
i stoutly repeated his story, -and- he was
little shaken under the - steady fire of.
questions hurled at him. Cleve Identified
1 the light hat worn by Buckley at the time
! of - the arrest, ~ and , while his testimony
varied in some . respects from : that given
. 1 on the preliranary examination it was evl.
'dent that the lad spoke with sincerity.
iHis was the first direct evidence adduced
¦during the trial, and it had evident effect
.upon the jury. - .¦-. ~ , ,
-Mrs. Henry ; E. Curzon, residing at 2S10
Folsom street but living at 3380 Twentieth
street on the night of the murder, testi
fied . that she heard pistol shots, and
opened her front window and looked out to
see what was the matter. As she did so
she saw two men running under her win
dow toward Shbtwell street. -One of them
wore a light hat, and her. description of
this man tallied with that of Buckley. On
.being shown the clothes worn by Buckley
on the day In question she said that they
resembled those worn by the fleeing man.
" The case went over, until .Thursday, at
which time a : young : woman now on her
way from Mexico will take the stand. She
was a passenger on the car and will Iden
tify Buckley as the man who stood before
her on the steps and who shot Rice-im
mediately after the ' last - named was
knocked down with a club.
. Symphony, Concert . Friday.
'The first V of : th6 . second series > of sym
phony concerts .under! the' auspices of the
San- ; Francisco : Symphony Society ¦- will
take place at the Grand Opera-house next
Friday..: afternoon at 3:15 o'clock. Paul
Steindorff has prepared a programme bet
ter jthan any ; ever, given in this city be
fore. -.-: His excellent , orcheetra,^ with Giulio
Minettl as concertmeister, Iwill. play 'the
"New v World" ;, symphony, 'by -. Dvorak,
Tschaikowsky's • '.'Nutcracker «Suite," the
"Rhapsodie" of Lalo and the "Euo'anthe"
overture :of. Lalo. "The- sale 'of seats
will. begin. this morning at Sherman, Clay.
&-Co.'s,.prices,)as usual, ranging from 50
;. cents .- to ; $1 50. . , ! " . r f *
PRISONER ESCAPES 'AFTER
HE HAS BEEN CHARGED
John JMadalena, Morphine Fiend,
Quietly Walks Out of O'Farrell
.. /: Street; Station.
. John "_ Madalena, • a morphine fiend, : af
ter having ; been arrested - and charged
with ' vagrancy," succeeded in making hla
Come : Right = Along.
$2.B0 4 shoes. for men and f women for $1.00
at i the " Manufacturers' -sale of "shoes, 717
Market street, near Thiz^.;-: •
The shooting stopped.- A boat : was
launched.- ' Within-, fifteen minutes. > two
cold, wet and - - disappointed " • prisoners'
climbed up the ladder, to the prison wharf
and surrendered themselves Jo • the men
with. the. guns. They were givenLdry
clothe* and locked up. To-day they, were
sent to 'the "black 'hole" to reflect on the
dangers involved' in taking French - lib
erty while Involuntary, guests . of- Uncle
Sam. . ¦" - , ; .,;..¦.. :<; . c: v . A '
• "Somebody said "Fire!" ' %.' '-, ' .
The .water spurted up all around the
prisoners. They. 1 continued to paddle, how
ever, until- a few more volleys, each one
closer than the previous, Induced them to'
halt. ' ' " ¦•¦;¦ ¦ . ' ....;•- ...;; . .,
"Stop shooting and we'll come back,"
came over the .waters. • \ 4 . . -
There -was a man -hunt oii i the
off . Alcatraz Island Sunday evening and"
the two escaping - prisoners \who formed
the quarry . were only brought to • bay by
'the "good ' target practice of half -a : dozen
I sentries. '-'.The huntecV.nien .-were -¦well -off
\ trom the island, afloat' on -planks^ when
: the shooting . commenced, and had the tide,
been more in their favor ; or" the night
darker, two- more- of -Uncle- ga.m's pris
oners would have. got away to freedom or
death by drowning. ,;:.• ';-
The' prisoners got away at^sup^2rtlme.
With a number.of others they-were being
marched from one of $ f he prisons to the
messhouse for their evening meal. "LacK
of vigilance on the part of their guards
enabled the two to slip out of the ranks.
'Ihey remained under cover until the door
of the messhouse closed on¦'their-compan
ions. . Then they, made : tracks •" for - the
beach, where they had previously; staked'
out a couple of. planks. With these crude
life preservers they, launched thenJselves
into the icy waters of the bay and pad
dled out-into the tide. ' .. - ' :,-¦ ¦¦'< ¦¦ ¦?
• Meanwhile the- roll had been called and
their absence discovered. , The alarm' was '
givan and out turned - the "guard; 1 . The-'
beach was searched and very sck>n : the
tracks of the runaways were' traced to the"
water's edge. ... Searchlights • -were- called
into requisition and two struggling -forms
were discerned in the water ' at some dis
tance i from . the ; island; \ .• -r :
"Come back or we'll shoot," -'rang -out
the voice of a guard. - : . ' ; .-.•,¦
¦ "Shoot and be damned!'.' came back in
duet. - ' . :¦¦ ¦¦¦'-. ... s .¦ '. .*:.¦.. . ...... .
- The^ will of the late . John A. • Russell,
.wha. for , more than . thlrtv years served
this.clty;as clerk to the Board of Supjr
ylsors,-.was; filed for probate yesterday.
His holdings; not deeded 'to his. wife prior
to his death -consist of real and personal
property- valued at only $6000, and are left
to his widow to dispose of as she may. see
nt. Mrs. Russell. is named, as, executrix
. A document " disposing _„ "of -an estate
valued . at . many . millions of i was
filed in the office of the County Clerk"yes
terday. Itjis; the will of Jose Guardlo'.a,
a- Spanish ' merchant 1 prince/ who died at
Paris recently. , The.'deceased owned" p.rpp
erty in SBain,' Central "arid South America
and in this city. His realty holdings here
are worth 5500,000, and are located at Cali
fornia and Sansome ' streets, ¦ Pine --and
Front streets, O'Farrell and. Mason
streets and' Ellis'and Stockton streets.*' He
also^ held 'stock -in -the, Omnibus Cable
Company -worth^25,000, and $40,000 worth
of stock in- the Market-street Railway
Company. ; Ills income from his real es
tate " in this city amounted to ?25,000 per
ryear. >;. .' -.. ' ¦ • . : ' : -¦'_¦ • ; -.
.Although the deceased Spaniard resided
in .Paris, Jhe. greater part of, his estate
was -located; in Guatemala. There, he
owned -wharves,' railroads and planta
tions-which yielded 'him an income suf
ficiently large, to enable him' to live like
a> modern- Or«estis. • Most- of Guardiola's
great wealth Is bequeathed to his wife and
daughter, who reside in Paris. A bequest
of 50,00ff i pesetas' : ($10,000) is"- made to
George T. , Ames,. son tX .Theodore Ames,
who' was' .once an. engineer in the employ
of the deceased. .'He also left $4000 for the'
improvement of a cemetery in his native
town of Aleixar, Spain, and he provided
for the distribution of a like amount to"
the poor of-' his native place on the day
of" his. funeral. - * ¦ - ' ¦ -. ¦
: The Guardiola estate here Is under the
management -of ' the London, Paris , and
American. Bank, and Sigmund Green
baum of that institution has applied for
letters of administration. His application
is .opposed by Public Administrator John
Fai-nham, who: claims that Greenbaum
has no power to act. 'Greenbaum claims,
however, to have the written consent to
apply and serve from the widow of the
deceased.
- ¦ .•• ¦ - ¦- •• *"¦* '.'.¦¦. ¦'¦¦¦¦ . ¦ ,. .
/Edward I. .Walsh is seventy-seven* votes
ahead of George Alpcrs in thfe contest'for
the seat of Supervisor which Is going on
In Judge Murasky's count. ; The pre
:cincts-counted yesterday, were the' nine
'teenth of the Forty-first, fifth and sixth
of the Forty-fifth- and. the fifteenth .of
.the Thirty-seventh. In .these four, .pre
cincts. Alpers lost thirty-eight votes and
Walsh six, • -giving ' a . net ' ffaiii • for the
'day 'to" Walsh of r. thirty-two. This num
:ber,-' with the forty-ftvp- he had gained up
to j the close of .:"¦: the recount , Saturday,
gives Walsh a .' lead of seventy-seven
iVOteS/ ¦¦,,¦¦¦. ¦¦ •..--.¦¦¦»;• V.' . .,'-;•': ..
I -The losses -sustained by the other can
didates are: Payot, • 14: , .Braunhart, 16-
37; Bent, 30; p:ggers, 39, and Cog-
Ian, 6. ••¦ .';;.•.- • • / - .
He Now Leads the' Eepublican Car;-'
.didate by. $eventy-Seveh
¦ ''".¦¦¦¦¦ ; " ' ":'-¦•¦ -:votc". \ .; . -
WALSH MAXES A LARGE
: - -GAIN OVER G. ALPEKS
Two Prisoners Attempt
to Leave Alcatraz^
v ; . on Planks, r
Jose Gruardiola Leaves
Fortune to; Widow
;' v and Daughter. -
RICH SPANIARD'S
WILL IS FILED
IToung Oleve Identifies
Prisoner as the As-
Judge Hebbard -Grants
Divorce to Wife of
¦ > ¦
Insane Man.
BULLETS SPOIL
DOUBLE ESCAPE
MRS. ELDRIDGE
FREE TO WED
SAYS BUCKLEY
MURDERED RICE
DISTIX.GUISHED CALIFOHNIAN : WHO WAS THE GUEST OF HONOR
LAST, NIGHT AT Aft ELABORATE BANQUET GIVEN BY THE OFFI
¦ CERSOF THE FIR&T-REG1-ENT, N. G. C. ' ,
' -• Vlt is the habit ot this office to check tip
the books once a year. We were ready ior
this work at the time I was suspended.
Morris had -free access to the desks and
the paraphernalia of the office.^ This work
commenced, about, six* months ago,' and
occurred at, regular intervals, j He looked
• up, for: Rauer, the status, of suits, filed
I complaints and in a general j way had
charge. of his interests in this ofllce.
. He knew the'-, routine thoroughly, and
when there, were but a few clerks, in" the
office, say" about noontime, would use the
rubber stamps, that are used.to mark the
payment of fees; ;So far as my books have
been experted everything balances to a.
,cont, with the exception-o.f Morris' work.
Mis "graft'.' was small,. but was not eas
ily discoverable until a complete examin
ation of the books* had been made. While
Morris "did this work, as has been evir
denced by the reports of- Expert Cyril
Williams, we can do but little to him, ex
cept to expose * him. '• The Mayor has the
.matter In hand and will do what is right
in the matter. • • - .: .. . ¦
Cyril 'Williams,' the city's financial ex
pert, declined- to discuss the "matter last
night. He was willing to admit that there
Was a deficiency" in Clerk. Williams' ac
cgunts,, but. acting Under the instructions
or Mayor Schmitz he l was precluded from
discussing the matter. . .
Ed the deposed clerk of the
Justices': Court, says' that the/peculations
of. Morris extended over a series* of
months."' He said:- . ¦ _
I received from fhy brother-in-law [an
a ™ ou nt sufficient to cover the amount,
ihls is the first. time I borrowed, money
irom him. I decline to give the name. of
my, brother-in-law," said Morris. . '
Morris lives .at the Aldine, a rooming
house, at 404 Turk street. Although the
e f s , was burning • In his apartments last
night he did not answer. Morris is said
to be an expert bookkeeper, and as such
had charge of the payment of the couit
fees in all of Rauer's cases.' Owing to the
methods obtaining Jin the; office of the
Justices' clerk the multiplicity of costs
accruing under the collection agency sys
tem .were thereby easily ; dispensed with,
but to whose' benefit the examinations of
the Mayor s expert have not yet deter
mined. - ¦¦• ¦¦¦¦¦-.' ¦.-.. • .... * ...->.
• .As 1 a. result of the examination ordered
by Mayor Schmitz Into the accounts of
Clerk : Ed [Williams of the Justices^ Court,
Harry F.' Morris, an employe of the Rauer
Collection Company,' admitted yesterday
that, he A was short In his accounts Twith
that., department of the -city government
to the extent of J125.. He made' a Render
of^this. amount! to the Mayor. He told a
story of how he became involved, but, the
Mayor/did not accept his explanations.
", When -Mayor Schmitz suspended Wil
liams - from his position he said . that , he
had more up his sleeve than was appar
ent on _the cuff. Expert : Cyril .Williams
has been exarniriirig these books for a few
days and has discovered a number of.dis
crepancies, In the accounts. Some of these
may> be^ straightened Qut^ater. /; There is
a aispositionto await'ttnal results. The
Alorris case, however, has opened up a new.
line; of ¦ inquiry, and the methods of col
lection agencies and their dealings; with
the office of the clerk of the I Justices'
Court will be closely scrutinized.
Morris,' Rauer's representative at the .
office of ; the Justices' ' clerk, .voluntarily
went to Mayor Schmitz yesterday and told
him that he wasrindebted tothe. city for
about $125, but how much more he did
nottknow.; He said that a man named
Brown, who was at present in Alaska, i
had given him $125 as a loan. He said he !
had invested that amount- of money inlthe I
wheat pit. The money J was - put '. up on
m . a , r^ lns and'Morris had to make good.
.-' "^ here . was an " easy road to cover up
the doings of things in the office," said i
Morris to Mayor Schmitz. "All I had to I
do was to take the rubber stamps .that i
are used .there, mark the papers 'filed,' I
or executed', or any other way and they |
passed through the regular channels, in
this way, from day. to day, I covered up
my tracks. I do not know just how much
I- got. away with in this manner, ; but I
do- not think It exceeds .the amount-ten
dered you." ¦¦¦,. •.:••.;•• • ¦, .• I • -
-Mayor Schmitz refused to . accept . the
money, and further questioned ; Morns.
Me | received but little satisfaction from
him. . ' . •-, -. . .-• .
Good Many Delin
quencies.
Rauer's Agent Tries to Make
' Speeches • were ¦ then made by . Colonel
Boxton, Captain Dohrmann,- Colonel.Bar
ry'and Colonel McDonald, and. the gath
erin? separated at a late hour amid the
most pleasant feelings of good fellowship.
The' health of Major Sime was drunk
end thc> oflicer responded with an appro
priate reply. •' ' - ¦ ¦ ,- ;.'• •« ¦ •
General Smith, In reply, lauded the
deeds of the regiment he had commanded
in the. Philippines 'and asked all present
to use every means to keep alive the tra
ditions of the organization that Califor
nia had sent to thefront at the, call.of
peril and that the same spirit wauld
dominate future generations .if : . called
upon to defend the' flag of the nation.
/After,- the service of a sumptuous re
past Colonel O'Neilj-the tdastmaster, pro-'
posed the health of, General Smith,
which was drunk In goblets of sparkling
wine. ¦¦'¦'-¦ ' ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦.¦¦•'-.' '¦' '? .-
Colonels "W. D. McCarthy, J. .F. Connelly.
Majors W. K.- Robertson, George Rethers, G.
Fllmer, Chaplain Father J. McQuade, Captains
Fred Dohrmann, B. B. Sturtevant,' J. . F.; Eg
gert. A. C. Adler, H. T. Mathewson, F. W.
Warren, B. Fitzpatrick, O. F. Huber. A. S.
Keenan, F. K. Moore, A. P. -O'Brien, "VV. T.
Wall. H. Huber, Lieutenants T. P. . O'Brien,
A. F. Rann, J. J. West, .W. N. Kelly. : W. Cor
coran; J. O'Keelte, Dr. R. J. Dowdall, ' Lieu-'
tenants H. : Stolzenwald, W. Golly, H. G.
Stindt, Sergeant Major J. H. Prldeaux.iand
Captain G. T. Balllnger. . ; at»,'.
night by '• the- officers .• of ; the
First Regiment of Infantry of ; the Na
tional Guard at a' downtown restaurant.
Major -H. T. » Slme; : now of ? the : regular
army, was also a guest of honor. ¦"- • -
Colonel T. "F. O'Neil of the First Befei
ment of • ¦ Infantry, N.. G. j C, > presided.
Those present were: ¦. '-. :-i . -'
J/s& ENERAL JAMES F. > - SMITH,
ft yt former colonel of ; the v Ffrst
VI ' I Callfornl a Regiment of United
v^\« IX Volunteers, was banqueted last
Queer Tangle in *Books of
: ; : Clerk } of- Justices'
C ' : 'l\:^'- Court. * I
COURT CHARGES
ARE WITHHELD
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
7 The r
U Perfection j
F Hygienic;;:^
J Made/according rV !
[ tolthe-highest hy- t V J
I gieriic ; principles; j I ' [
A^ aridinsure the per- SJJ '
CgJ f ection ; of com fort Qdc
If and beauty^: They v&
I dp not distort /na-'>A\
[ ' tiire, but ' accord '%?\ l -
\ with ' corre ct foo /
1 * anatomy. They /
J .permit a perfect y
fit for- every foot. V
1 — a style for every j
\\ occasion. -JJ
j SSAJfDPACTURERa: '
L 9 and S3 Sansome St.
% Factory, 134 and nt f
1 Main ft., San Prancto-< /
< co, CaL ' ¦' 'i I - '
F - If your dealer don I
_. not carry the PHIT-U \
1 C\ Bnoe, write direct to I '¦•¦
1/5JI the manufacturers. De- ••¦ /
W*il Uvered to anv part of /••v/
&&J the United £tat«* ot[&31
bjt Canada on receipt ef
Ho|manii,
~ the . great ' pianist; : now ; at';;
the' Columbia Theater,' en-
"dorses V and ¦ orders a
Pianola. V V- % .. ;'
• VI. am completely. won over to
IL.the y- m vast possibilities, "of.'-i the .,
; You can t take)my/J
order for, an ebony Pianola.''
; "i-; JOSEF HOFM ANN.
; It isV a significant 'fact
that Hofrhann has: heverj,
any .» other piano-
Epla'yer. He is only : one 6V
':¦ the ; great i masters ¦ w hp • ; en- '¦.
\> dorse only the Pianola. ;
PlayeS daily in the Piari*;
'¦ ola 'Parlors of .-:
IKohler&Gfiase
ExcIusiveiAgentts for California.
H BADQU ARTERS :
\ 26, 28; ; 30X)'FaiTelI Street, j
, San Francisco.-
nBHBBBDHHHBBBBBBBBBBEK!BBaDBSiEBBBHBBHBBHBHBBaBKaaaBBaB9BEBBBaaBaaaia
I CAILLEAU'S j
g iPflKS, W8ISTS, oUlfS 9 ttC. j
H • '¦'- J ' ¦ : -,'-.i" ' -¦ ¦ * ¦ I • ¦ . B]
![::'•¦ ¦'•'->. From q a. m. to £ p. m j
I Store Will Be Closed To-Day^ Tuesday |
I BHHUBBBIBSaBlBaEBSBBBBUflBEaBgBlllEBSBIBII BIBflBBBflBBBBflBBBBBBBBBB
E |XTRACT^^
' [in tha house. M«ff|
Geo. H. Fuller Desk
- . Jam,
REMOVAL SALB.
We offer our immense stock of 01-
riCE FTJUNITTTEIE at greatly reduced"
prices until February ist. .
638-640 Mission Street.
GOLD CROWNS $4t?£
Made of heavy, 22k gold by experienced work-
men. Useful and artistic. .Bridgework in-
serted at lowest prices. High-grade plate and
porcelain work, guaranteed satisfactory.
DENTAL CO.
San Francisco. 133 Powell Street.
plMOTLTr
stn??^ la w Stc V r '1 SI 00 * 1 Po'soo, Gonorrh«a,Gle*t.
linSi i nu«^ mt " al J Ve ? fcnes!1 '' Impotence and tneir
nl2?oPi sord ,*' rs - S 00^ on Diseases of Men, free.
tatloufreeandsacredly confidential CaU eraddresa
«» , P- «OSCOK MeXULTY. M. D. J.
WA Kearny HU »an Francisco, CaL
AD VTERTISE MENTS.