NEGOTTATTNG FOR RELEASE
OF CAPTIVE MISSIONARY
American Minister Leishman, Sta
tioned at Constantinople, Is -Now-
Treating With the Brigands.
¦ CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 19.— Reliable
news '.has been ¦ received here that Mlsa
Ellen M. Stone, the captive American
missionary, Mme. Tsilka, her "companion,
and the latter's baby are well. Negotia
tions . which " It ' Is said will result in the
early and safe return of the captives ara
In progress. . . \
. John-G. A. Leishman, the American
Minister here, is now directing the nego
tiations. He declines to say anything tor
publication but admits there la ground for.
the above report, >
CINCINNATI, Jan. 19.— W. H. Whit
taker ,'a prominent attorney," and his wife
went, visiting ? to-day!; and left their only
child, a 5-year-old boy, with Annie Lage,
who had been with the family only a short
time." When ' they.!returned the child ; was
found hanging 'to 'a. gaspipe in the t - cellar
and the servant was unconscious from as
phyxiation. .- ; The , indications are that the
woman' had '. trouble with the i little ; boy
and -j hanged him. 'early i * n ' tft e : . day, . and
thkt she -irihaled > gas Just previous to the
return of tha'.WhUtakera^ She will die, y
Mtirders Fiye-Year-Old - Boy \ That
Annoys Her and Then Attempts
Suicide.' .
NURSE HANGS CHILD f ,
; f : \ BY NECK ¦¦ TO ¦ GASPIPJ3
.MONTGOMERY, Ala., Jan. 19.-Wiliiam
Slaughter and .Ralph Johnson, colored*
musicians, were shot and killed and Pow
ell Calloway, white, -was mortally wound
ed last, night by Lillian Watson at ; a
dance at. Morris Creek In the mining" re-'
gion. • The/ Watson woman, who Had en
tered the hall evidently under the influ
ence of liquor, ordered the musician's to
play ragtime music, and. when they did
not respond whipped out a revolver from
under her wrap and began firing. Slaugh
ter arid Johnson were killed, instantly.
•Slaughter received a bulletin the mouth
and "Johnson one in the "left "breast. A
third .bullet . struck Calloway, who was
an onlooker/ in the back. Physicians ; pro
nounce his fatal. The murderess
escaped lynching, only by the timely/ar
rival of; officers. • ,„ . ,-:¦¦:
They Refused to Play Ragtime Ah-3
"WOMAN MITRDERS TWO <
COLORED MUSICIANS
and She . Shot Them to
Death.
"I doubt ¦ whether American -; manu
facturers realize that Russian supremacy
in ; Manchuria, will r work .¦''materially V ".'to
their disadvantage; Our trade; is princi
pally with the ; northern sectlon^of China.
At present we have ready.acces's to these
markets and£It;.is /to ;Ouri_nrofit to;keep
them . open. ., \Russian control- would mean
ultimately 'the* creation o'f prohibitive .du
ties which would; shut- out our .products.
A : .rich.market,':one.of the.bestirithe^Orl
ent.'wbuld^then be Jost -to ; America,^ and
bur; trade 'would In \ consequence.''
America - should '^Impress iipon' the , eniplre
the • necessity", of ; the - open
SEATTLE,; Jan. 19^— Russian /dominance'
in Manchuria "will menace America's trade
interests in northern part of- 1 China,
according to 0 Isaac Hamill; * who >has
spent the last year in Shanghai and ad
jacent places. v Hamill arrived here. to-day,
from ' Victoria and / left at J once - for j Sari
Frariciscoi .He' said: - - ; : • ; ! : ' :; '
Russia Menaces American Trade.
- s "I stand for an interoceanic canal, as
soon as one can be built., I. also /stand for
the most feasible route, arid beUeve firmly
that all propositions should be given thor
ough consideration. *• The obstacles in the
way of, accepting the Panama offer, I be
lieve, are insurmountable.".
prevent the tearing up of this road. Such
action would be possible against individ
uals doing the work of the Government.
"Assuming that the commission has
come out in favor of the Panama route, I
cannot tell what effect it will have on the
Senate Committee on Interoceanic Canals.
2Iy viewB are not altered in any degree.
' *1 baee pay, objections id accepting the
Senator Mitchell of Oregon, an Jm
portant member of the Senate Canal Com
mittee, voicing the Nicaragua sentiment
in the committee, said to-night:
Those Senators who. like Senator Mor
gan, from the first have stood for the
Nicaragua bill hold that the report sub
mitted to the President on Saturday
throws no new light on the situation, in
asmuch as the commission is only sup
porting itself. They say there Is no
doubt that the members of the commis
sion would have favored Panama In the
original report if the J40.000.000 offer had
been made In time.
Mitchell's Views Not Changed. • .
Commission in favor of Panama,
the supporters of the Nicaragua bill, both
In the Canal Committee and in the Sen
ate, axe continuing their campaign as -if
no new developments had occurred. It is
admitted, however, that the new turn of
events may have £*ome effect in the € Sen
ate. The sentiment there, as shown by
the recent poll by The Call, is, for the
careful consideration of the Panama offer.
CALL BUREAU, 1405 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.—
Unshaken by the supplemental
report of the Isthmian Canal
* "The line of the Panama Railroad along
the route of the canal would have to be
torn up if that route -were taken." It 13
possible for any ..one " of } the " Individuals
owning stock to get out an injunction to
"The proposition to. sell also Includes a
majority of the stock of the railroad com
pany and the question • of legality ; here
enters. The Panama Railroad Company
was organized as a private, corporation
under the laws of New York, and in order
to make a transfer to the Government
legal a special act of the New-York Logrls-'
laturc would be necessary. ; ,
Another Great Obstacle.
"Again, it has not been proved to the
satisfaction of the .committee that the
Colombian Government is ready to make
all the concessions which the Panama
agents assume will be given. The number
of stockholders of the old Panama com
pany is variously estimated at from
200,000 to 500,000. ' Their certificates of stock
call for a 5 per cent dividend upon the
completion of the canal. Allowing that
they have given full legal consent to", the
sale of the Panama franchise, If . the
United States completes the canal and
operates it I can see only trouble ahead
in our courts from the stockholders of the
old company.
offer of the Panama Canal Company, fi^st,
on the endless litigation which it is likely
to bring upon the United States;'.second,
on a very serious question of legality in
volved in the sale of the property.
' LONDON, Jan. 19.— The Shanghai corre
spondent of the? Standard 'says" that; ac
cording to trustworthy, reports received
from. -Peking' General 1 Tung Slang!
the notorious antNforeignefy whose execu-"
tlon, was recently ordered by the Dowager
Empress, was executed: January; 15 at" the
yanjen of the Governor of Shansl, In Kan
su province; . " . : - ¦ ; •.: .'.'
GENERAL .TXTSGt: '.SLA^CK'C
IS EXECUTED AT SHANSI
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 19.— The westbound
Missouri Pacific passenger train that left
St. Louis last night collided head on with
an eastbound freight train near Etlah.
Mo., after midnight. Engineer William
Mazes of the freight had fallen asleep.
He awoke Just after Etlah • had been
passed. He had been ordered to meet the
passenger at that point, and realizing
that ho could not pull back he stopped his
train and ran ahead to flag the passenger.
He was too late. The baggage car was
damaged badly and several freight cars
were wrecked. ¦ The passenger coaches
arid Pullmans jumped the track. But one
person was injured. Judge Elijah. Robin
son "of . Kansas City, who escaped with
severe bruises.
Passenger and Freight Train Como
Together, but Fortunately No
- Lives Are Lost.
ENGINEER FALLS ART.T.T;p
)*':; '^: .AND. OOIilSIOH FOLLOWS
CHAIRMAN OF THE ISTHMIAN CANAL COMMISSION, WHO DELIVERED TO PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT THE
. FINAL REPORT OF THE BOARD.AND REPRODUCTIONS OF TWO DRAWINGS THAT SHOW THE WAT
ERWAY ROUTES AND THEIR RELATIVE LENGTHS. '
Infanta ¦ Maria Cristina : Isabella was
the great aunt of the young king of Spain.
She was. the fifth child of. Infante:Fran
cis, whose eldest son,- her brother, mar
ried Queen Isabella. Both- Queen Isa
bella and her.consort,. since the former's
abdication' In favOr of her son, Alfonso
XII,^ in j 1870, have lived ; in exile, but . the
Infanta Cristina, who marbled' a " cousin,
another. Prince, of -the royal house, as his
second wife, had her residence in Madrid.
MADRID, 'Jan. 19.— Infanta Maria Cris
tina Isabella died here to-day after a lin
gering illness. She' was /in -her sixty-ninth
year. : ¦• ~'i :. : ; 1- ' '¦-
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. - . ,
Passes Away . at the Age .of
Sixty-Nine.
Infanta Maria Cristina Isabella
GREAT-AUNT OF YOUNG " ;
KING OF SPAIN IS DEAD
* VIENNA;/ Jan. 19i— The Belgrade corre
spondent', of the . Neue'Frele . Presse' de^
Clares '..the question of -succession • to ;the
throne of -Servia to be ripe for solution, as
King Alexander,' if guaranteed a sufficient
pension,'; Is , willing" to abdicate in favor of
Prince' Alexis karageorgevitch, a descendi
ant of Kara George;, the ."Black George' of
the". Servians", and claimant to the^ throne
'6fVservia.:. v ,In7"liy 'case",^continues the
correspondent,' Prince • Alexis Karageorge
vltch is likely to be proclaimed -heir to* the*
throne/ as neither Russia nor. Servia fob-'
Ject Jo this cpurse. ..._.,„:- — ; > -?
Guaranteed a Pension.
A leiander to Z Retire ;- in ' Favor of
, Prince : KarageorgeVitch/ if '
KING OF ; SERVIA WILIJNG
TO -ABDICATE ,THE THUONB
;i The Chinese . was placed In Jail . pending
further; Investigation by the officials. He
claims he; has papers,: but was unable to
produce them. . * . _ ¦ ,..
$ Marshal Sneath, noticing : smoke Issuing
from beneath the sidewalk of an old res
taurant on Front street, -made- an investi
gation as : to its source; arid discovered
a fire burning in J the cellar. ' Further in
vestigation revealed a Chinese . in hiding,
who made". Ineffectual- attempts to con
ceal himself upon the appearance of the
officer,.' In;- the: cellar were' found 'quanti
ties of. all' kinds of food, with which the
captured Celestial, had-been doing. his own
cooking. \v ;'..'* I.; ';.. ; — '. ¦''"'^'-f-
FORT BENTQN, Mont., Jan. 19.— From
a discovery made here to-day, it; appears
that a. systematic: scheme for, smuggling
Chinese across the border into the United
States .has > been -unearthed. V V"
Across the Border.
Montana .Officer Unearths Hiding
/Place oif Coolies Smuggled •
FINDS UNDERGROUND .7
V BETBEAT OF CHINESE
McComas' diet consists principally of
bread, butter and meats. He has lost his
great liking for coffee and reduced his
smoking allowance from twenty cigars a
day to one cigar 'i a week. Wben he
weighed 417 pounds he could not walk.
Now he takes a long walk every day and
says he, feels younger than he has felt
for thirty years.
Dr. McComas , says his life was not
worth" living when he weighed 417 pounds.
In 1SD5 he began an attempt to reduce KU
weight. In the first month ho ate one
meal a week, which brought down hla
weight by fifty pounds. After that he ate
one meal a day and still keeps up that
practice. He made some anti-fat medicine
of his own prescription and took two bot
tles the first year. It helped to reduce
fat, he says.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.— Dr. R. M-
McComas, a druggist of "Washington,
who is a cousin of Senator McComas of
Maryland, has announced to friends that
he has succeeded In reducing his weight
207 pounds. Six years ago he weighed 417
pounds and now tips the scales at 210.
Eoeclal Dispatch to The Call.
EAST LAS VEGAS. N. M.. Jan. 19.—
An 'archaeological find has been made on
the Mesa Rica, near Chapento, this* coun
ty. It is the skeleton of. a prehistoric man.
Legend . has it that .the vicinity ' of the
Chapeiito !¦ and the Mesa. Rica "was peo
pled by a • race of : giants centuries ago.
Evidence to - substantiate this -tradition
was found on the ranch of Don Luciano
Quintano. - : -.-":, : .
Fiye men,- several .days ago, began to
excavate at a place marked by two pieces
of rough hewn white building stone about
fifteen- feet; apart. They, had dug about
five feet between the stones when the
skeleton was unearthed; The bones are
well preserved." "• "•
The "giant's ' chest measurement could
have been no less than, eight, feet. The
lower jawbone is all that' remains of the
head. .It. is a massive ' piece and in it is
a huge, tooth. . The forearm measured
three feet and the length ' of the arm
must have been about six feet.
The skeleton will be sent to. the Arch
aeological Society at j Santa Fe.
' Special Dispatch to The Call.
A .number of American. railway compa
nies have been experimenting with tele
phones in transmitting train . orders and
for other, purposes, but all have hesitated
to ¦ substitute ' them . for . the " telegraphl'c
system. ¦¦ . .¦¦¦' . > ¦¦¦
The Illindls Central' Railroad owns and
operates more than 5000 miles , of road.
To equip this -with the . new , system will
cost about $100 a mile, or $500,000 for the
'entire- task., •¦¦>¦ -: • •' . .
ratus instead of the telegraph key. ¦
•The management. plans to abandon tele
graphic means of communication In favor
of the voice-carrying wires. All ' train or
ders 'and ¦ messages • of every sort are to
be transmitted by long-distance ' , appa-
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.— Telephones . will
soon ( supplant the telegraph on the entire
Illinois Central Railroad system. Con
tracts have been let for the equipment
of the .'railroad's 5000 miles of lines with
the nexv service. "~ - /¦ . • '<¦'
Snecial Dispatch to The Call.
Away With the Tele
j' graphic System .
Illinois Central" to Do
Washington Man Makes
Remarkable Reduction
in Weights
From . New Mexico j Comes
Wondrous Story of
a Skeleton. ~i
DELVERS FIND
GIANT'S BONES
' The pojice have arrested "Jimmy" Mc-
Carty, an ex-prizefighter, who has been
acting suspiciously. ? ¦ if : . >
The robbery was undoubtedly^ committed
as the west-bound train was at the depot
at 4 o'clock, .as at that hour the express
agent Is busy attending to the train and
is absent from his" office . for" at least
twenty minutes. That the robbery was
committed- by professionals is - evident
from the fact that they knew which
trunks contained* the u jewelry and -. '.'the
great weight of the trunks makes It cer
tain that; more than one man was con
cerned in. the robbery.
Thejvindows of the baggage-room were
forced* open, and through it" ' the two
trunks, which weighed about 250 pounds
each,' were hoisted out. They were taken
only a f<3w fetk from >the station, broken
open and; the 'diamonds Abstracted.;
The trunks wereV the property of C. , B.
Clausen,' traveling representative of S.'H.
Clausen & Co., wholesale manufacturing
jewelers of Minneapolis. Mr. Clausen ar
rived from the East , last nighV and left
his trunks In charge of the baggage agent.
The robbery was an unusually, bold one,
as four men were asleep in the" upper
story or the station and the express agent
slept In a room . adjoining . the baggage
rcum. JNorie of them heard the robbers
at work. .
GL.ENDIVE, Mont., Jan. 19.— Robbers
secured between : $10,000 and $20,000 worth
of unset and set diamonds *to-day, by
stealing two trunks from the baggage
reom of the Northern Pacific station and
breaking them open. _ Nothing. Is missing
from the trunks' except : a.bag of' unset
diamonds ¦ and three _ > or '¦.'.¦ four Hundred
rings, mounted In gold settings. A tray
containing twenty-four set diamonds was
overlooked by the: robbers.
Montana ' Railway Station.
Bold Thieves Make Rich Haul at a
LOOT TRUNKS OF DIAMONDS.
TRAIN ORDERS
BY TELEPHONE
,t . ,./ ., rp : 5
in Its power to prevent war. M. Hano
taux asserts that In reply to the Austrian
representation / suggesting 5 Intervention,
Great Britain replied in the identical
terms used by. France: that- if all the
other powers decided upo'n . interference'
she would not isolate herself. .
At that time Secretary Hay was Embas
sador, to^ Great Britain.'' The London For-!
*efgn 'pffie'e" "was*dlsturbedr .by thVnews" of
Lord '. P^iuricef ote's "; activity, but the im
pression existed that the British Embao-
LORD . PAUNCEFOTE, . GREAT
* * BRITAIN'S EMBASSADOR-TO
THE UNITED STATES. A\l\
followed.' V; The .•.murderer obtained nothT
Ing -of Rvalue, pxci-o^a. iaaraorttl^stttd that.
wore.- '«tV? V *Cv<-'-«rrc'»w5«^ji^v • '. •
From the position 'of the, body, in front
of a safe, the conclusion .was'reached by;
the police, that the murderer had "placed.
Brown before the safe, which was -locked;
and which contained ; thousands . of dol
lars* worth. of diamonds and jewelry, and
tried to force him to "work" the combina
tion for him. Hls.right hand was covered
with blood, indicating that he had raised
it -to', his 'head when he was' struck and
tried .- to,- ward .oft .the : other ..blows that
ROCHESTER, N.Y.; Jan. 19.^'Bella E.
Brown, aged 65, a" prominent dealer in
diamonds and manufacturer' of .Jewelry,
was found murdered in his store here to
night. His legs . were tied together and
he was gagged with a long red neck scarf.
At the back \ of- the head' was a iiole ax
tending into the brain sand there J were
several gashes in the .- scalp, ; evidently
made .with a hammer, which -/was., found
near the body smeared with blood and
white hairs from the head of the^victlm'.
,The murdered man's head' was. cdveied
with blood and a pool of blood had formed
on top of a small chest of drawers, over
which the head lay. All- about were evi
dences of a determined struggle, ' but a
thorough search , failed to discover any
positive clew as to- the i Identity of | the
murderer or. murderers. • •; ;
Scene of the Tragedy Gives Evidence
of .¦victim's Desperate Strug
gle Against ; His ; Brutal
. Assailants. 7"' •¦
Refuses to 'Open a • Safe in
Which His Wares p
. Are / Stored. "'.;;• ,.
LOSES POUNDS
BY HUNDREDS
President McKinley "s response was em
phatic. \< :
"The Government of the United States,"
he said, "appreciates the humanitarian
and disinterested character of the com
munication now made on behalf of the
powers named, and, for Its part. Is confi
dent that equal appreciation will be
shown for Its own earnest and unselfish
endeavor to fulfill a duty to humanity by
ending a situation the Indefinite prolonga
tion of which has become intolerable."
Lord Pauncefote then showed his hand
by endeavoring to get the powers to join '
In a note even stronger than those already
presented, but Russia positively refused
to be a party.
After the battle of**M«.nlla, Bar Herr
von Bulow, the German Secretary of
State, informed Embassador White that
"Germany has been from the first deter
mined to exercise the strictest neutral-
Germany, toe% had come to recognize the
futility of efforts to bring about European
intervention in the war between Spain
and the United States.
. In view; of the difference of , opinion
which prevails, even in (Washington, in
regard to the attitude of Great Britain
'during the Spanish war, tho statement
which :«wlll j be . mad» oy jV iscqunt Cran- .
borne in response to a question propounded
by Henry Norman, M. P., la awaited with
Interest. -„¦ •
McXinley's Pointed Reply.
The note, which was a "pressing appeal
to the feelings of humanity and modera
tion of American people in their existing
differences with Spain," earnestly "hoped
that further negotiations will lead to an
agreement which, . while securing the
maintenance of peace, will afford all nec
essary guarantees of the re-establishment
of order In Cuba."
sador was simply "endeavoring to forestall
Continental Intervention by drawing up a
joint note which would be approved by
the powers and which would give the
President an opportunity to make re
sponse.. •
Austria and Hungary were the powers
which especially . endeavored to obtain
European intervention in behalf of Spain.
Austria was moved to act by dynastic rea
sons, France because her people were
heavily interested in Spanish finances. M.
Hanotaux, who was French Minister of
Foreign", Affairs it. the timej^has stated
that the Russian. Government' announced
that it • would i take i no part in . a ' quarrel
with the United States, save that of neu
trality. | , , . : . .
v.:Mr! Balfour.rwho was. in charge of
' Eritlsh^ f ore^gri^ffalrsrdurftiir •"tSeMllriesa *
of Lord Salisbury, was quoted aa stating
that ¦ Great Britain stood ready j to do all
Great Britain Lukewarm
/ Diplomats who took part In the" nego
tiations say. that " Lord Pauncefote, . the
British Embassador, not . only took an
active part in'the councils of .the Embas
sadors In "Washington, but, not satisfied
with' the effect of the first representation
to the President, drafted another, which
was /considered by the diplomatic corps
and cabled to Europe for approval. This
approval was : not forthcoming," for the
reason that neither ' Great Britain nor
Russia was disposed to pe'rxnk Its . repre
sentatives ; to go to the extent it recom
mended.- ¦¦¦ •' ' ¦ - ;
. -Officials "acquainted with the details of
the /negotiations between the powers in
connection* with the formation of a Eu
ropean coalition against the United States
say -that' Great Britain had much to do
with' their failure, and this fact, it Is ex
pected, will be br5Hght out In a statement
which • will - be - made in the British ¦ House
of.. Commons . to-morrow- by ¦ Viscount
Crariborne," one of the Under Secretaries
for. Foreign Affairs.
• "*¦; - during the - war with Spain/ was
responsible for the failure of the Austrian
effort to -bring about a European coali
tion against' the United States.
>^ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
£ ¦' ¦¦-.:' N.* W., WASHINGTON, Jan. J.9.—
> 'j The' refusal ' of Russia, as well as
of ' Great Britain, to < intervene
Aged Diamond j^ter chant
Is Gagged and Slain
by Thieves.;
Diplomats Reveal Secrets: SHo\ying THat to Russia's
Friendship Am rica Owes Immunity From
Interference by Powers. WiM
YIELDS LIFE
RATHER THAN
HIS JEWELS
BRITISH EMBASSADOR TRIE3
TO FORiVi BUROPEAN COALITION
ON SCHEME FOR INTERVENTION
LORD JULIAN PAUNCEFOTE A FOE OF THIS GOVERNMENT
DURING THE WAR BETWEEN UNITED STATES AND SPAIN
VOLUME XCI.-NO 51.
PRICE ; FIVE CENTS.
SAN: '; FRANCISCO, &MQgj>Att;£^^^
Senator Mitchell of Oregon Declares the Obstacles in
the Way of Accepting the Panama Offer
Are Insurmountable.
ADVOCATES OF TH E NICARAGUA
CANAL ROUTE NOT DISTURBED
BY REPORT OF COMMISSION
The San Francisco Call.PAYQS PLATZ,; Switxerjandj Jan. 19.—
Norwegian : Schwarz won • the - world's
skating championship here to-day.
World's Champion Skater.
Such as chilblains, frostbite/ cold In head, 1 ca
tarrh, earache, neuralgia, chapped and irritated
eklns, are remedied; At^oiice. by, aalvaTcea.";: Try
a box a«d-jyoU';Wlllvwonder/how.:you ever jpt
along without it." Price." 25c, and 50c, at drug
gists or by mall, v Salva-cea; 1 274 Canalst:, N.T.
Cold .Weather Evils
SHAWNEE, ;O. T., r Jan. . 19.— B. B.
Hunt of HuntsvUle, MoV was"' shot 'and
killed here to-day by' John Sevlls, who
mistook him for an enemy. ' Hunt went" to
Sevils* home and 'demanded admittance.
Sevils had experiencd trouble. Saturday
with other persons, and > supposing 'that
they had returned -to- -open the 'quarrel,
refused to admit • Hunt, and . shot ; through
the closed door; - Hunt dropped dead , on
the steps. . ¦ • . ? ;
, Kills Friend Through a Door.
CALCUTTA,",'; Jan.' '; 19.— Six
troop? | from various regiments I ln India
are about- to start from : here . for South
Africa. . . ¦ . ., •
Sending- Troops Fronr India.-
Gendarmes Fire on ' the Mob Killing
Eleven Persons and Wounding
* . > Twelve Others.
BUDAPEST, .JanTTTa. -During an agra
rian riot in the(village of Alsoldecs, in the
county . of -Maros-Torda. ;Transylvania. a
mob - attacked the : : Government ' offlcials
and. the gendarmes were compelled to fire
on them. Eleven •¦ of> K the mob were killed
and twelve were wounded, four fatally.
RIOTERS MAKE ; ATTACK
. ON GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS
¦ KIBKSVILLE, . Mo., Jan.' 19.— I. Solo>;
mon, a Syrian living at; Keokuk,'. Iowa,
was held up last night and robbed of a
money belt containing $8500. . Solomon had"
aold out his business in Keokuk and was
looking. for a location here. Two.fellow
countrymen have been arrested, . charged
with : the ¦ robbery." Solomon says I one of
them held him while the other . cut , the
belt, from his waist., The money .has not
been recovered. .••.' ••-. ¦-.-'- ' ,•• .
Bobbed; of a Small- Fortune.
i. : BERLIN,; Jain." 19.— Emperor : William 1
held a chapter, of the Order 'of the Black
Eagle : yesterday; upon £ the -anniversary
of. the | coronation 1 In 1701 of Frederick I
as the first King -•: of . Prussia. Subse
quently the Emperor and the Empress
gave a banquet in the fWhlte hall ; of the
schloss, at which Count von Bulow, the
Imperial; Chancellor, and the foreign Em
bassadors; here were • present.
Kaiser Tenders a Banquet.
Young Hunter Shot in Leg.
LODI, Jan. : 19.— Fenton Wright, the * 10
year-old son of. S.' Wright, a commission
merchant, was shot r in the left leg last
night. -'.He .was hunting i on "a pond with
several boys, and, In a scuffle to land the
gun was discharged. The " lower par! of
the -leg was amputated. ¦¦;-..
ANTHONY, Kans., Jan> 19—Alfred Pat
terson, who was "regulated" last Septem
ber for -maligning President,- McKinley,
brought suit against I ten citizens here for
$5000 damages each. -At ., the- time, the
President was shot Patterson was alleged
to have given utterance 'to these words
- "All I ¦ am sorry about is that, the fel
low, did not finish the job." . I
,' Patterson was given a ducking. Among
the defendants is Lee Hoffman, editor of
the Attica : Advocate.' -The jury failed to
agree and was discharged. ,
SUES FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
BECAUSE OF DUCKING
SEATTLE,, Jan. tl9.— Captain ; H. < E.
Thomas of j the steamer Queen, which*! ar
rived to-day from Sa"n | Francisco, sighted
a schooner sailing' " recklessly . at night
down the California coast, close in shore
and with ' not a light displayed, i He , was
unable to. .discover ' her -name.-. The
schooner, he says,- was a menace to navi
gation. , . . .. .
Reckless Ship on the Coast.
Union buildings tradesmen of St. Louis waive
on» point contended for by tho resolutions
adopted by the Milwaukee convention — the ex
clusive employment of; union labor — for It Is
conceded that since the city of St. < Louis and
the United States Government are partners in
the enterprise, any eltlzen of the United State*
could bring mandamus r/oceedinss — if denied
equal opportunity with others ln bidding: on la
bor or material contracts — that would greatly
delay operations and prejudice the success of
the exposition.' Union bulldlns tradesmen ask
for and expect fair treatment, union wage an'I
hours.
Do Not Insist ; Upon Exclusive £m
, - ployment of Their Men on .
Exposition Buildings.
ST. LOUIS. Jafi." 19.— Labor Compen
dium, the: official organ of the National
Building Trades Council, In to-day's issue
says:
ST. LOUIS UNIONS MAKE
V A GREAT CONCESSION
ST.' JOSEPH, ; Mo.', j Jan. 19.-i-Stewart
Fife was brought back to-day from North
Yakima, Wash., where he ' was arrested
two weeks ago, charged with the; murder
of Frank . W. Richardson at Savannah a
year ago, for which Mrs. Addle Richard
son, the widow, will be: triefl at Platts
burg this week. • The prisoner was met
at the station by his parents and^law'yers,
who accompanied him to "Savannah later.
Back at Scene of. His Crime.
"Thiee things about Emperor William
astonish me. The first is -his easy and
almost accentless use. of Parisian French;
the second is his intimate knowledge of
French dramatic art and his acquain
ance with the current theatrical ; life. of
Paris, concerning which' he is almost as
well informed as . though he were living
daily with the Parisian theatrical mana
gers, and the third is the . extreme | sim
plicity and cordiality of his manner."
BERLIN, Jan. 19.— Constant Coquelin,
the French actor, who is now playing
here, has made the following comment
about Emperor William, by- whom he was
received yesterday: ¦ ' : ~
- mate Knowledge of French,
Dramatic Art.
Astonished at Grermaxi Ruler's Inti-
CCQXJEIilN'S OPINION ?
OF KAISER WTLHEL-M
It is reported that a fierce engagement
between the insurgents and the Govern
ment forces has taken place not far from
Barquisimoto, in the State of Lara, ill
which the insugents were victorious, and
that there has been. fighting between the
insurgents and the soldiers of . the Gov
ernment in the State of Maracaibo.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of, Curacao, Jan.
19.— The Venezuelan insurgents* who have
cpneentrated on the peninsula of Para
guay (on the east side of the \ Gulf of
Maracaibo), have instituted a movement
against' the Government. The insugents
in trie vicinity of Uehlro also have begun
operations against President Castro.
CITY OF; MEXICO* Jan. 19.-A tele
gram to the Government observatory an
nounces that the volcano, of Colima is
again active, arid scientific men, connect
•this fact with the prevalence of seismic
phenomena. Renewed earthquake shocks
were reported from various parts of the
country to-day and a- slight trembling
of the earth was felt here on: Saturday.
Governor Mora of Guerrero has person
ally tcken charge" of the ruined city ot
Cmlpancingo. The populace Is camping
out, guarded by troops, and perfect order
reigns. . . . . ,
The city will have to be thoroughly re
built. More bodies continue to be found
as the debris is examined by soldiers.
¦ John L. believes In holding the minor
parts up to "* nature. : if the audience ex
pects faVmanl to; be whipped . within an
inch of his life,' John L. believes in doing
it; right up to: the limit— and he did it
too.? .He wound his ten-foot lash around
the' writhing form of Uncle Tom to such
good purpose that the actor playing that
part; screamed in. agony and finally fell
fainting upon the stage. •
It was 'great acting, but one man be
lieved it a .pretty rough way of earning a
modest stipend. ¦ .
; BOSTON, Jan. 19.— An audience that
packed the Academy of Music in Cheisoa
from pit to dome last 'night , saw . ' the
greatest bit of realism that has ever been
produced on the American stage. John
L. Sullivan, e^-champlon fighter, gave the
audience the great treat. John L. Is star
ring as * Simon Legree in "Uncle Tom's
Cabin," and made his first appearance in
this .vicinity last night. With countless
delicate touches, many • of them unper
ceived by the audience, John L. worked
up to .the' climax where Legree thrashes
Uncle Tom to within* an inch of his life.
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.,
a Too Realistic'
Actor.
Ex - Champion Pugilist
Venezuelan Troops Are
Defeated in State
of Lara.
Activity Simultaneous
With Earthquakes
in Mexico.
COLIMA VOLCANO
IS IN ERUPTION
VICTORY RESTS
WITH INSURGENTS
"JOHN L" PLIES
LASH ON STAGE
Bag of Game.
SAVANNAH/ Ga. , Jan. . 19.— Admiral
Sehley's hunting party returned this aft
ernoon from St. Catherines Isiand. The
party secured a large bag of game. Ad
miral Schley> is credited with having
brought down one deer. It was his : first
deer, and a member of the party said the
admiral was more excited when he pulled
the trigger than when off Santiago. The
weather during the hunt was superb. ;
Admiral and Mrs. Schley will leave this
city for Washington to-morrow. The ad
miral said to-night that he had not au
thorized the statement sent out from Chi
cago that he would discuss his case be
fore the Hamilton Club of that city. Be
yond this he refused to talk. • ¦ '
Catherines Island With a Big
Hunting 1 Party Returns From St.
ADMIRAL SCHLEY' BRINGS
••••..- '; i \ 3>OWIT HIS/\FIRST» I>EEH
. TWO ALLEGED PRINCIPALS
IN MOVEMENT FOR PEACE
~ -IN SOUTH. AFRICA.'- '•
. : . . 77° — ] . . . • . •• ¦ '»•
stages of the Boer war he. acted as cor
respondent-for a French and an Ameri
can newspaper,' and at' the request of ex-
President Kruger he- organized the Sec
ond Irish Brigade, which, operated in Na
tal under General Botha. The >. brigade
took part in several of the most severe
engagements and cohered .the retreat
through Natal, and was subsequently en
gaged at Klip River, Johannesberg and
Pretoria. After the fall of Pretoria he
returned. to France by the advice of the
Boer authorities, "to lay the state of af
fairs before the French and American
people."
¦ Should Colonel Lynch return to Eng
land to take his "seat -in the House of
Commons, "he will have to face the un
pleasant "alternative of standing trial for
high treason. or of confessing himself a
foreigner. . ¦ • ¦ ¦= . '
Colonel Lynch is the son of a civil and
mining engineer of Ballarat. He is 40
years of age and is descended from one'of
the "Tribes of Galway." In 'the early
PARIS, Jan. 19.— The presence- here of
Colonel Arthur Lynch, wno fought in the
Boer army and was recently elected mem
ber of the British House of Commons fpr
Galway City, is believed to have some
connection with the reports of a peace
movement in Brussels. ):
It is declared in Boer circles here that
a number of Knglislimen supposed to be
officials of the British Government arrived
at The Hague under assumed names last
Saturday and were later visited and en
tertained at dinner by the British Minis
ter there. • • ¦ \"
BRUSSELS, Jan. 19.— Dr. Leyds, the
European representative of the Transvaal,
and the Boer delegates met again to-day
at some mysterious rendezvous. Dr. Leyds
now denies himself to everybody. It is
asserted that Dr. Kuyper, the Dutch Pre
mier, on his return to The Hague from
London, had a conference with Mr. Wol
marans, one of the Boer delegates, who
sent another delegate to consult with
Mr. Kruger. and that another meeting
will be held next Monday. . ' • s-, 5
In spite- of the Boer denials, a strong
feeling exists here that some peace move
ment is afoot between Great Britain and
the Boer delegates, but there is difficulty
in arriving at any acceptable \ basis of
terms, Mr. Kruger and Dr. Leyds being
reluctant to commit themselves.
Leyds and Kruger.
English. Officials Said to Have "Visited
PEACE HUMORS ARE BIFE.
The calendar of the House of Repre
sentatives is still rather meager in im
portant bills, so that there does not prom
ise to be a heavy pressure of business dur
ing the week: Monday is the regular sus
pension day, but there are few measures
likely to be passed by suspension of the
rules. The urgent deficiency appropria
tion bill will occupy most of the time
during the. first few days of the week. It
carries a total of $160,000,000, which is
rather large for a .deficiency measure, and
it is expected that two days will be occu
pied -in its consideration. .Beyond this
there is practically no programme for the
week, as the bills ready for consideration
are not of sufficient importance to secure
definite time In advance, except in the
case of the Hill bill for the exchangeabil
ity of silver and gold. It will be some
time before opinion is sufficiently matured
on. this measure to induce the leaders to
set a time for its consideration.
The speech is expected to have a bear
ing upon the reciprocity treaties. Its de
livery at this time will be reoulred by a
number of Senators. If there should be
an -executive session of the Senate on
Monday there will be an effort made to
have .the nomination of Governor Otero
of New. Mexico confirmed.
During the early part of the week, prob
ably to-morrow. Senator Cullom will ad
dress the Senate on the treaty making
power of the President.
Senator Frye will probably report the
ship subsidy bill to-morrow, -but he will
not attempt to secure consideration for
it for the present and probably not until
after the Philippine bills shall have been
disposed of* •
The report of the Committee on Inter
oceanic Canals Is expected later in the
week,. but may be delayed. The consider
ation of that question in the Senate will
wait on the Philippine bill. During the
week Senator Nelson will make renewed
effort to secure the passage of his bill
for. the creation of a department of com
merce. The opposition to It will probably
be continued for the present.
A long discussion of the bill is expected
by the Republicans and promised by the
Democrats. The Democratic' leaders say
they do not expect to be able to defeat
the bill and disclaim all Intention to de
la ji a vote unnecessarily, but they say
frabkly that they consider that it affords
an opportunity for the presentation, of
their views; of -. the Philippine question
which they, cannot afford to let pass.
Senator Lodge will open the discussion
with a brief speech on Tuesday, in which
he will discuss the merits of , the bill and
•also the v necessity ' for early action. He
will • be . followed by some member. of the
Democratic representation on the .com
mittee, who will outline the Democratic
position. He in turn will be followed by
other Democratic Senators. Nearly all of
, the Senators' on the Democratic side are
expected to be heard before final actlop.
shall be secured. Indeed, the prediction
is freely made that a vote will not be ob
tained within a month. .Senator Lodge's
plan is to hold the measure to the front
to the exclusion of all other business when
the bill is once, made the unfinished busi
'ness. - . '• — .
I There Is a general acquiescence of Re
publican Senators in this programme.
There arc other important measures to be
presented at the proper time by admin*
istration Senators, but the present agree
ment Is to pass the Philippine bill first,
as being of the most immediate impor
tance. \
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— The Philippine
question will be precipitated on the Sen
ate to-morrow when the committee on the
Philippine question which has had the
House Philippine tariff bill under con
sideration expects to report 'the measure.
The bill, with committee amendments,
will be sent to the printer, and Senator
Lodge, chairman of the committee, will
give notice of his intention to call it up
on the following day and ask for its con
tinued consideration until finally disposed
of. . . '
When there is a run on the treasury for
gold it is the salvation of commerce and th«
reserve to have In circulation a currency which
Imposes no further demand on that metal. The
bill will plunge the Government deeper into
the banking business.
Third— It will facilitate the exportation of
gold. Aa the $3S6,000,000 of our currency re
deemable in gold is scattered all over the
country it is difficult for larg«" exporters of
gold to collect sufficient of that currency to
present for redemption. But if stiver .certifi
cates, which form the great bulk of the cur
rency that circulates, can be better for pay
ment in gold, then it becomes an easy matter
to compel the Government to furnish all the
gold for exportation.
With other nations Imposing restrictions
upon their exportation of gold, and we fa
cilitating our exportation of the same, we
are likely to lose great quantities of that Ufa
blood of commerce.
Fourth — It will cause the retirement of the
silver dollars and produce either a violent con
traction of the currency or the substitution of
printed promises to pay. It will convert assets
Into liabilities, dollars into debts.
Fifth — Other things remaining as they are.
such a measure would cause a fall in price of
all commodities and other property — falling
prices produce bankruptcy and panics. -
No nation on the face of the globe requires
Us exchequer to exchange gold for silver.
This is a new policy in the treatment of the
precious metals. Why should this, the great
t-st silver-producing nation in the world be
the first to strike a blow at one of Its great
est industries?
All Representatives, regardless of politics,
should condemn such reckless legislation.
The Government now has the power to call
an absolute halt to a raid upon its gold re
serve by impounding: the greenbacks and treas
ury notes, but If silver Is made redeemable in
gold it cannot do so until it impounds also the
$530,000,000 of silver dollars and silver cirtifl
cates.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— The Demo
cratic members of the House committee
on coinage, weights and measures have
agreed on a minority report on the bill
directing the. Secretary of the Treasury
"to exchange gold for legal tender silver
dollars," and the report will be presented
to the House to-morrw by Shafroth. The
report takes the position that the passage
of the- bill is certain to produce financial
disturbances. The following general prop
osition is laid down:
Our Government has never conceded the right
to the holder of stiver dollars to demand from
the treasury sold therefor, nor to the holder
of gold to demand silver dollars therefor.
Such demands always have been rufuaed at the
treasury. It la the notes and bonds of th«
Government that are payable in either gold
or silver .at the option of the holder.
The following reasons why such a meas
ure should not be enacted are given:
First — It will require a large Increase of th»
sold reserve of the treasury, as if the obliga
tions upon a reserve are Increased the reserve
should be correspondingly enlarged. If it re
quires $150,000,000 of gold to act aa a reserve
for the redemption of $346,000,000 of United
States notes, called greenbacks, and $40,283.
086 of treasury notes issued under the Sher
man act, will it not take at least $300,000,000
In gold to act as a reserve w&en th© $330,732,
617 of silver dollars and silver certificates are
made a direct charge upon that reserve?
Second — It will create an endless chain upon
the sold reserve of the treasury and thereby
plunge the Government deeper into the banking
business. If the endless chain upon the treas
ury caused by the redemption and reissue of
greenbacks is a continual drain upon the gold
reserve and a' severe strain upon the Govern
ment how much more of a drain and strain will
the -$330. 000, 000 of new obligations upon that
reserve impose?
Senator Lodge Intends
to Have It Consid
ered This Week.
Democrats Claim That It
Will Cause Financial
Disturbances.
The execution of Scheepers will arouse
the Dutch of Cape Colony, who believe
that the Boer leader acted in accordance
w.wh the rules of war in ordering the
native spy to be shot.'
Of all- the Boer leaders, Scheepers was
the one most hated by the British. Fol
lowing his capture he was accused of the
murder of five natives, who were" alleged
to have been shot by the commandant's
orders. Scheepers denied the accusation,
with the. exception that he admitted the
execution of one native, who was cap
tured while acting as a spy for the Brit
ish. ¦
mandant, Scheepers, who was
captured last October. He will be shot
next Saturday.
QRAAF REINET. Cape Colony.
Jan. 19.— Lord Kitchener has
confirmed the- death sentence
passed upon the Boer com-
PHILIPPINE BILL
COMES UP FIRST
OPPOSE PASSAGE
OF SILVER BILL
In. the same report Judge Advocate
Grosebeck "says the suppression of brig
andage probably will become one of tha
most rylng problems of the future. If
the military. arm be left free to deal, with
the marauders;. there is no doubt of their
final suppression. But the presence of the
civil government complicates the-situa
tion considerably. With the civil and mil
itary, authorities ; working In harmony,
says Judge -Grosebeck, no evil results
should be looked for. -;- ; .
According to the opinion of army offi
cers, the disaster to Company C of the
Ninth Infantry at Batangas, Samar, when
forty-eight 'men were killed,' is attributed
to the too great confidence of these men
in the territory which they assumed to be
pacified." " ,*¦'-••
Soldiers Over-Confident
s Municipal and ¦ provincial governments
are being organized. These governments
have not yet received' a practical trial.
They constitute the only certain and re
liable method of ascertaining the progress
of the Filipinos toward self-government.
General Chaff ee, in. the annual report
which has just been. issued, sums up the
situation from the military point of view
by saying that the provinces of Batangaa
and Laguna, In southern Luzon,' and the
islands of Samar.-Mindoro and Cebu con
stitute the disturbed area in which bodies
of insurgents in forcft are to be found,
j General Chaffee says the prolongation
6f guerrilla warfare Is due to the physi
cal character of the country and to the
nature .of the warfare carried on by the
insurgents, who, in the same hour, pose
as friends and act as enemies; to the hu
inanity displayed by the American troops,
of which the insurgents take advantage,
and ¦ to the fear of assassination ' on ' the
part of those natives who are friendly
disposed toward the Americans, should
they give the latter information eoncern
ing the movements or whereabouts of the
insurgents. ¦ • . • ¦¦ -
Extent of Disturbed Area.
' i General Bell, with 2000 men, is success
fully, cornering and punishing General
Malvar. >'. It is, reported that during the
week his command killed 100 insurgents,
wounded thirty.-, and ' captured seventy
rifles. More than twenty tons of sup
plies were captured and destroyed. Lieu
tenant Ely, of the Fifteenth Cavalry, and
four . men were • wounded, and two men
were<killed. - •• ••'•- ~ .
. An important capture was made In La
g'una Province; Luzon, when eight men of
the ; Eighth j Infantry .captured a woman
insurgent named; Aqueda' Kahabagcn.
¦ She recently commanded an insurgent
force of 800 menr-300 of whom carried
rifles, while 500 were armed with bolus.
For six , years past she has been leaamg
Insurgent bands - against the Spaniards
Land Americans. . . • v; < .
General Wade has cabled from ,Cebu
that 365 insurgents surrendered on the Isl
and of Bohol last Friday.^ The authorities
here say'. that: this statement is, astonish
ing, ; if accurate, as the secret service, had
failed to learn of the . existence of any
such body of. Insurgents, on Bohol." .¦¦'.
MANILA, Jan. 19.— A report has been
received -here: .that! a "dugout canoe, in
¦which 'eleven men" of Company I of tho
Second. Infantry, were; traveling,, is mlsa
ing'and'probably lost. It Is believed the
men either, perished or were. captured.
Americans Capture a Notori
: ous- Woman Leader of
> Insurgents.
Disappear While Travel
• ic g by C anoe Near '
Manila.
E LEVE N S 0 LD I E R S
DEAD OR CAPTIVE
Lord Kitchener Confirms Sentence of Death
Passed Upon the Captive Commandant
SCHEEPERS, NOTED BOER
CHIEFTAIN, TO BE SHOT
SIXTY LIVES
ARE LOST IN
AN EXPLOSION
Boiler Bursts in a Spin
ning.Mill, Destroying
Half a Village.
Wives and Children of the
Employes Among the
Victims.
One Hundred 'Wounded Persons,
Thirty of Whom Are Expected
to Die, Are Taken From.
the Ruins.
BARCELONA, Jan. 19.-The explosion
of the boiler of a spinning mill near Man
resa, Saturday, destroyed half the village
of Puente de Vltumaxa and It Is estimated
sixty persons were killed and one hun
dred injured. Of the injured thirty are
notexpeted to recover. The hoepltal at
Manresa is filled with the injured. Six
teen mutilated bodies of working: people
have been recovered. These Include the
manager of the spinning mill, his two
•sisters and many children. The Queen
Regent has wired her condolences
The boiler exploded in the evening when
the mlllhands, many of whom were accom
panied by their wives and children, were
eating- supper before commencing their
night s work. The building collapsed en
tirely and the debris was hurled in all di
rections, destroying other buildings and
killing and injuring: the people in the vi
cinity. Owing: to the darkness the work
of extricating the victims proceeded with
great difficulty. During the work of res
cue there were heard the groans of the
victims whose mutilated limbs were
pinned down by the ruins.
A long; line of carts and carriages was
engaged in conveying the injured to the
hospital, five miles distant.
To-day the inhabitants went among the
ruins,- seeking the remains of friends and
relatives, while the priests in the open air
administered the last rites of the church
to the dying. * . .
SENDS CAUSTIC
LETTED TO LOW
Dr. Parkhurst Comments
on Law Breaking in
New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— Rev. Dr. Charles
H. Parkhurst to-day gave out a letter ad
dressed to Mayor Low which had been
adopted by the executive committee of
the Society for* the Prevention of Crime,
of which Dr. Parkhurst is president. The
opening paragraph reads:
While the Society for the Prevention of
Crime counts itself distinctly an ally of the
present - municipal administration there are
certain principles of action to whlcn we have
uniformly adhered and which we deem it in
cumbent upon ourselves to pursue and to urge,
even at the risk of excepting the old policy
of those whom we would like in all respects to
second and support. -• ;
In all our past activity as a society we have
proceeded upon the distinct understanding that
law exists for the purpose of being obeyed.
The letter goes on to say that the first
two weeks of the present regime have
made it ' "entirely indefinite as to what
civic righteousness in this city is and
what It Is not, and to that extent have
operated to put the reform administration
in the same criminal attitude toward law
as was that occupied by the administra
tions of '92, '93. '97 and '99."
It deplores the fact that "while char
tered by the State to labor for the pre
vention of crime," the society is not
"quite certain any longer what is crime,"
and says that "the atmosphere is clouded
by ambiguity emanating from administra
tive incertitude," and that "the situation
is morally intolerable." . •.
The letter further says that "there is
not very much- to choose between a Tam
many administration that has bad princi
ples and a reform administration that has
good principles but is afraid to use them."
The letter, which is signed by Dr. Park
hurst, concludes by demanding of Mayor
Low that "you brace your administration
in accord with your oath." and that he
summon the resources at his command to
the work of "frankly and resolutely sup
pressing open or clandestine violations of
recognized statutes."
This action, which Is entirely for the
prevention of crime, is construed as a
breach between the reformers and the re
form administration.
Mayor Low to-night refused to discuss
the letter. s
Boy Killed by a Train.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 19.— Antone Myr
vold. a 13-year-old boy, whose parents re
side in this city, was killed this afternoon
while attempting to jump on a movini*
freight train in the inn-pad yard. Kis
brother was with him at the time and
warned him not to Jump on the train, as
It was going too fast. The boy jumped,
missed his hold, struck his head on an iron
oil box and was killed. His body was
dragged by the train for a short distance.
Strike Riots in Terre Haute.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Jan. 19.— An at
tempt on the part of Terre Haute electric
companies to run Its cars on the city
lines after a boycott was declared by the
Central Labor Union resulted to-day In
several small riots in the business center
Three cars, were held up to-night and the
non-union motormen and conductors were
forced to leave them. The windows of
the cars were broken by strike sympa
thizers and the police were kept- busy in
making arrests.
Executive Committee Named.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.-A meeting of rep
resentatives of various German societies
of New York and vicinity was held here
to-day to take action concerning the com
ing to this country of Prince Henry of
Prussia. An executive committee of
twenty-five was appointed, but It was de
cided that it was too early to consider
plans. Another meeting will be held next
Sunday. . : . -
Embassador to Vatican Kesims.
MADRID. Jan. 20.— Alexandra Pidel y
Mon, Spanish Embassador to the Vatican
has resigned. ¦ \ - • • • * '
THE SAN I R A^CISCO CALL, MOISDAY, JAN UAR Y 20, 1902.
2
This signature Ib on every box of the gonoina
; Laxative^Bromo»QiHmne^**.:
th'* remedy that cores • cold la one day.
| JOggJ J- PTTLTON CO.
A CITY
EDITOR
Bright's Disease and Diabetes Are
Positively Curable.
Before tho -business man who Incorpor-
ated the Fulton Compounds Invested they
put them to the test in dozens of casea.
Hearing that R. M.- Wood, the editor and
proprietor of the Wine and Spirit Re-
view of 520 Montgomery street, had a cer-
tain case ot Bright' a Disease, he was one
ot those urged to test It. The followtn*
letter will now be understood:
"Office Wine and Spirit Review i
"520 Montgomery street, Sept. 21, 1901
"Gentlemen: I consider it my duty to
tell the world what the Kulton Compound
did ln.my case. In November, 1S99 afte-
a long illness, which carried me to the
verg» of the grave, a scientific analysis
by the most noted analyst In this citv
disclosed that I was & victim of Briehfa
Disease. My physician told me that mv
only hope lay in a strong constitution anH
a change to a warm climate. He suggest
ed Santa Barbara, and I went there hav-
ing fallen from 223 pounds to less' than
190 in a iihort time. * -- «•"*».
"During my absence In the south a San '
Francisco business man called upon mv
wife and told her of the Fulton Com-
pound: that It was actually curimr
Brighfs Disease, and urged that I trv It
I began under protest. 1 soon felt better"
Normal sleep returned and l n a few
months I regained my health. I now
weigh 230 pounds and enjoy better health
than I have in fifteen years. Naturallv I
told several friends and In every Instance
the result* were the same, even where
they had been suffering. for years The
world ought to know that Brighfs Dis-
ease is at last curable, and appreciating
my own good fortune I will be -kiad to
•give further details to interested parties
Sincerely yours. R. M. WOOD"
Medical works agree that Bjjffht* a Dis-\
ease and Diabetes are incurable but S7-"
per .cent are positlvely-PecOverTns under
the Fulton Compounds (common kidney
diseases offer but slight resistance).* Pric« ;
$1.00 for the Brlght's Disease and $1.50 for
the DiabetesLCompound. Interior agencies
WW be made, aa-faat-aslposalble. Address "£
John J. Fultotf-Corr*42e Montgomery St. 9
Descriptive pamphlet mailed tc—.
ADVERTISEMENTS.- f ri££\\
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
ECCS, FIneS Vu a a b r I a e rTi e ec1 | ryOn - € dOZ?5C
OLIVE OIL, bottle 50c
From Lucca— the pressing: of the
finest olives.
HAMAMELIS qt 40c, pt 25c. 1-pt I5c
Extract of Witch HazeL For burns,
scalds, bruises, etc.
ACORN (Eichel) COFFEE,*^ 250 28c
Prom Germany- the best ; substitute
for regular coffee.
aAYORING EXTRACTS, LL&Co/s
Vanilla, regular (2 oz.) 25c— 2Oc:
regular (5 oz.) 50c— 4Oc
Lemon, regular (2 ozl.) 25c— 2Oc;
regular (5 oz.) 40c— 30c
CATSUP,' TOMATO 'bottle' 15c
L. L. & Co.'s regular 20c
VINEGAR, CIDER gallon 25c
Regular S5c.
\TNEGAR. WHITE VINE gallon 35c
Regular 50c.
SOCIETY TEA. reg. 75c lb, Me
If not entirely satisfied with your
tea try "Society" brand— it pleases
many. Sample pkg. 10c
FLODR SIFTER each 15c
"The Improved." regular 25c.
Sifting and stirring with, one hand.
TOMATOES. ENCfflLADAS, ?,;£ 10c
Regular 12^c
BICE 5 lbs 45c
"New Era"— finest Caro- Ifl 1U C CC r
Una-regular 10c lb. » iyi W*
PINEAPPLE. Whole, 3-Ib tins—
Regular 25c tin 2Oc-
Regular $2 75 dozen S2.25*
The Malacca— specially selected fruit
TURKISH BATH SOAP gj[J? 50c
"Colgutes," regular 60c
TALCUM POWDER 3 tins 25c
"Lady Jeanette," regular 10c tin.
ADABIS SPRINGS MINERAL WATER
Regular 52 25 doz. qts. §1.95'
Regular 57 75 case 50 qts. S7.25-
Nothing equal to it for kidney, liver
trouble and constipation. Allow $1 50
on return of empty case and bottles.
SMOKE "VELASQUEZ" or'"ATt.A.
. CrONA" — leaders. in Key West cigars
MUNYON'S INHALER
Ijfrjl CATARRH
*^\\£5 W* Colds, Coughs,
Influenza, Bron-
j||p§| J3 Ijplpl chitis, Asthma
flpipir* 1 -^ fiii and a H Diseases
ipr of the Throat
and Lungs.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled through
the mouth and emitted from the nostrils, cleans-
ing and vapor iiins; all the inflamed and diseased
parts which car.not be reached by medicine taken
into the stomach. '¦'•¦:
It reaches the&ore fpots— heals the rawplace*
— goes to tlieieafof disease— acts as abalm and
tonic to thf Jf/mV system— 91-00 at druggists or .
Ivmail Mvr.in-,). Xew York and Philadelphia ¦
¦ i
®VIM, VIGOR. VlTAUTYfor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty '
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In- old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or '
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost !
iianhcod, Impotency, Lost I
Power. Night Losses, Insom- !
nla. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back. !
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar- j
ry. Loss of Semen, —^ Varicocele or Con-
etipatlon. Stop Xer *3 ffj vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are J^^JZ- immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote ***=¦" * » ncy. to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand. ;
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
*2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st *
Ban Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 3S
and 40 Third street. '
f visit DR. JORDAN'S great I
\ HUSEUE9 OF ANATOMY*
\ Xf The Lir^eii Anatomical Museum in the \
# J»fek W* 14 Weakneswes or iay contracted 4
1 ifeilE^ ««awp«»itj.-lj' c.red by the oldest f
© IC»I ipeoaiist on the Coast. Em. 36 years. ©
4 fl"3jwi DR - MORGAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I Wffl^S Consultaticn free ar.d stiictly private. \
W I (^7* D I re * In:e 5> Personally or by litter. A 4
\ S h n n "***•"* <**»•« in erery case undertaken. W
B r if II v Wntc for Book. pniLosorny »r A
V " H II* I4SIIACE, MAtLEO FREE, (if
A (I ij. Enable b«k for mm) \
V BR Jon«A.\ A CO.. 1051 Market St., 8. F. f
DR.PIERCES I
MEDICAL
FOR THE
BLOOD.UVER. LUNGS.
*«' - *gSB5S"»^» e* **** *3 Is a non-poigcraona
4^5Sj8«m»£lg ««»•<»/- for Gonorrhoea-
SK 1 * Spermatorrhoea,
j@fg*f UUr.tS Vi Whites, unnatural dia*
Jg%& 1e 1 to 5 d»yw \| charges, or fcny icCainms.-
fc'ity Gasruitttd to *" tioa, irritation or ulcera-
fi 4i Pnrtut connjioo. tion of mocoti nem-
TOimErAM Che«:c«lCo. £?^^'n^'" 1
•ei^ column n esa?v s * oia or ormruuu,
13 ,! ", "-^Sior erct in plain wrapper,
yfS&m^ c - a - *~ j^l3L by express, prepaid, for
fi- 00 ', 01 " 3 bottles, |2.75.
™ Circular, eent on requegt.
aw "P&Y E MTS 1
V*J^35U MARKET ST. SE^SSS^
Weak Men; and Women
etrength to sexual organs. Depot. ,323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE -HOUSES.
CataJogrues and Price Lists Mailed
¦ .on Applleatiori.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON, '
J. C WILSON & CD.. iSffiaagS:
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. ~ ¦
JAS. BQYES & CO 5S? l V B ay l jg
. OILS. ¦¦¦- .-¦¦ - •."¦
LUBHICATINO • OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS
418 Front «t., tS. F. , Phone Main 1713. '•
PRINTING. '. "
JE-C BCGBES, ..¦¦', -.m-iigSgRaF.-
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. . . - ,
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.', • •- - '
23 First street. Baa Francisco.
THERE is no cereal equaling
H-O as an article of diet, but if
you want a change try "Break-
fast Crisps," the concentrated nutri-
ment of wheat, malted. No cooking,
Ready to use.
4 f It's hard — "^^ % 1
y / to hit a *^T^ 1 1
// snipe, but ¦¦,. V^ M
// it's harder -^\\\
V . t0 find as good ' /^|\\u
Xi * a flavor as /\\\|
I f . • California f yM]
L(j-\ Chutney Saace MI
/Jj for any -game, , \\1
lll/\ fish » stea ks. jf^Sl
W/p^ A!l Grocers. J^^l
ADVERTISEMENTS.Prominent Odd Fellow, Buried.
.'¦/TULARB/'Jan.-.W.— The funeral; of Wil
liam Lewellyny.'a pioneer resident. of this
county, took place; last Friday at Lake
side," ; - ten miles . south , of Hanford. . , The
services were conducted by the: Rev. .'J.
H; Lawson of the Christian church." * Lew
ellyn was born; in Wales: in 1S3S. He was
one f of the most prominent residents in
the Lakeside ; district and was a member
of - the order : of • Odd : Fellows for : forty
years..---..- .."' . ".;-, . . . . ¦/ - :¦ ¦ ¦•
SACRAMENTO. Jan. '19.— George
Beardslee, who lived . on Cutter avenue,'
south'. of i this city; shot himself over the
right eye to-day and died this evening. It
is not known, whether it was an accident
and no cause Is known for, suicide.
Bullet Causes Sis Death.
In addition the rice crop of last year
was a partial failure,' and a, number of
unpopular changes were made in the sys
tem of ' local . government. | The Insurgent
leaders; have, made the natives believe
that • Japan - was responsible for all these
troubles and : that their, only hope of de
liverance lay in rebellion.
Seventeen companies of Japanese troops
have I been* sent into the field. They can
accomplish little at this season,- being un
able. , to pursue : the Formosans through
the Jungles and swamps. -.The insurgents
are divided 'into* several parties, which
make forced marches and swoop down on
settlements where they are least expected.
In a battle fought early In December the
Insurgents lost twelve leaders and 156 pri
vates killed or captured. The Japanese
troops engaged returned to Hainan: with
casualties. of twenty-one killed anditwen
ty. wounded. '.. .
Baron Kodama, Governor General oJ
Formbea has been laying down very
strict rules since the Formosan insurrec
tion of: two years ago was quelled. Learn
ing that many of the Formosa insurgents
were inciting; sedition Governor Kodama
ordered that they be sought out and im
prisoned. ; This . order has been strictly
carried out In Southern Formosa, creating
much antipathy to Japanese rule. ¦ ¦¦ . ¦ : ; •
TACOMA, Jan. 13.— Japan has another
war. on her hands. Twenty-five hundred
insurgents in Southern Formosa have
taken the field, and the conditions are
such that their numbers are receiving ad
ditions daily. '<'
SDeclal Dispatch to The CalL
John Hutton tfnd Claude Morris, who
turned State's evidence in the case, have
been on the stand for nearly two weeks,
and it is expected that Morris will be,ex
cused to-morrow night. Chariest N. Post,
Assistant Attorney General, has not yet
determined who will be the next witness
for the prosecution. ,
Detective Tom Gibson has been here for
a week - investigating the I affairs of ' tha
Grand Jury, suspicion having been
aroused that all was not right with that
body for the reason that the Grand Jury
failed to indict eight men, some of whom
are said to have had a hand in the mid
night hanging of May '31. So far Detec
tive Gibson has been . unable to discover
any financial corruption -of the jury, but
feels reasonably certain that "influence"
was brought to bear in- certain quarters
to bring about a result favorable to some
of the alleged accomplices of the lynch
ers. '¦•'¦¦ —-V" ¦¦-:..-i;;-. ¦¦'>'¦' ¦ ¦. : -, ¦¦¦ ¦¦•- £
ALTURAS. Jan. 19.— This has been a
quiet day at Alturas and the town seems
to be settling down to a normal condi
tion after the months of strife and anx
iety which followed the lynching of Cal
vin Hall and his two, sons, Jim and
Frank, Dan Tantis and'yourtg Martin
Wilson, j The trial of Jim Brown has been
in progress for eight, weeks and the pros
ecution is preparing to put ' on j its last
witness. - .>'-¦' ,.-'., :• •¦;
New Feature May Be
Introduced in Altu
ras Trial.
New Insurrection
oh Hand. ,
Mikado's Troops Have a
FORMOSA WARS
ON JAPANESE
PROBING TURNS
0N GRAND JURY
ST. PAUL, 'Jan. 19.— The Minnesota'Cen
tral Bund, a State organization of German
societies, has adopted a resolution re
questing the Mayor and City Council to
extend an invitation to Prince Henry to
visit St. Paul. . ( ,
St. Paul Invites Prince.
EVAKS AND THE "PRINCE.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— Prince Hen-
Japan has no laws for the protection of
labor, or restricting the employment of
women and children. ¦
The first glass made in this countrv
was manufactured in Jamestown by the
English colonists in 1609.
Sir Robert Hart Is Honored.
; TACOMA, Jan. 19.— The Chinese Impe
rial decree of last month appoints Sir
Robert Hart inspector general of the Chi
nese imperial maritime customs, to the
brevet rank of junior, guardian of the heir
apparent, .in recognition of the valuable
assistance and advice given by him dur
ing the peace negotiations. The" "North
China Daily News says this appointment
does honor to the throne aa well as to Sir
Robert. :.-?
Pyrography Outfits
Ar.d ell kinds of Artists' Materials,
Paints, Brushes, Canvas Studies and
Skins and Wood to burn. We are agents
for Winsor & Newton, makers of the
best Artists' Materials in the world. Come
to headquarters for everything wanted in
The Artists' Material line. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., Til Market street. •
I had been talking with two of the most
delightful people I ever "met — Prince Henry
and Princess Irene — without knowing In the
least who they were, and I certainly told them
both exactly what I thought about the, differ
ent things rwe discussed." ¦ . V
"Well," he said, "you ought to know him;
you have been talking shop to him for a half
hour and I don't know what you have been
saying to the Princess during your . conversa
tion with her."
"Evans, the Prince says you are a good fel
low and he wants the Emperor to know you "
I replied: "My dear admiral, I have not
seen the Prince and don't know him." -' ' '
At a. reception given on board one of the
German battleships I had an interesting expe
rience. .When I went' over 'the side I 'found
a; large company, most of them dancing. As
I am not a dancing man I stood on one side
to be out of the way and entered into con
versation with a young, clean-looking German
captain, who spoke English perfectly. It was
soon evident to me that he was brilliant in
his profession and we engaged in rather sharp
professional talk. I did not agree with the
captain, whose name* I had not caught, and
I did not' hesitate to speak my mind, nor did
he. After a time he said he would be glad to
present me to his wife, and I found her a
very charming and . attractive woman. Of
course I had not caught her name either, but
after talking with her for a half hour I no
ticed that a good many people, seemed to be
waiting to speak to her, so I took myself to
the smoking compartment to enjoy a cigar.
When I entered Admiral Knorr greeted me
and said: "i
T : — : •;«
ry's reference to "an old sailor's friend
ship" between himself and Rear Admiral
Robley D. Evans Is explained in the fol
lowing extract from "A Sailor's Log,"
in which the author devotes a chapter to
the Kiel celebration, which he attended in
command of the armored cruiser - New
York: . .
GERMAN EMBASSADOR, WHO
IS ARRANGING FOR 'PRINCE
HENRY'S VISIT. ••,...
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 19.— A million or
more salmon cases for the use of the Alas
ka canneries of the Pacific Packing and
Navigation Company are to be manufac
tured at Anacortes under a contract just
signed by W> N. Rodgers of that city.
After long negotiations Rodgers has se
cured the largest contract for making
boxes ever awarded on the Pacific Coast.
The company originally expected to place
its order among several box factories,
but Rodgers made a satisfactory price on
the entire contract and has furnished evi
dence that he can deliver them as fast
as wanted.
Million Cases Are Ordered.
A detective left to-night for Denver to
bring back Al Green, under arrest in that
city, suspected of being one of the rob
bers. Green and Rambo are known to
have been friends in this city.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 19.— William Ram
bo, a saloon man, arrested at Kansas
City, Kans., to-day, is being held on sus
picion of being- one of the two men who
last Monday evening "held up" five men
in a race horse poolroom in Delaware
street and got away with $1500. Jimmy
Driscoll, the baseball player, a clerk in
the poolroom, who was struck on the head
with a revolver by one of the robbers.
Identified Rambo to-day as one of the
men. The police say they have other evi
dence that tends to prove Rambo's con
nection with the affair.
Hold-Up of Kansas City
Poolroom.
Accuse Him of Complicity in the
SALOON MAN UNDER ARSEST
ON SUSPICION OF BOBBEKY
Prince Henry, who Is considerably taller
than Emperor William, will be surround
ed on his trip to the United States by
very large and tall men. . Admiral von
Tlrpltz, the German Secretary for the
Navy, who will accompany the Prince,
gives the Impression of being more than
six feet tall, while General von Plessen, a
member of the Emperor's military house
hold, is equally tall. Vice Admiral voq_
Seckendorff. who will be with the. party,
is six feet two inches tall and very large
of frame.
English was the only language employed
at this dinner, at which besides the guests
already mentioned all the principal per
sonages who will accompany Prince
Henry to the United States were present.
The Prince told Mr. White that he would
call upon, him some afternoon this week,
have a cup of tea and continue their talk
about his trip to America.
given last night by Baron von
Richthofen, the German Minister of For
eign Affairs, to Prince and Princess Hen
ry; the American Embassador and Mrs.
White, John B. Jackson, secretary of the
Embassy, and a number of other distin
guished persons, said he was especially
pleased with President Roosevelt's selec
tion of Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans to
receive him in the United States, as there
was an old sailor's friendship between
them.
ERLIN. Jan. 19.— Prince Henry of
.Prussia in talking over his plans
of travel with United States Em
___ bassador "White at the dinner
¦Wyoming, among old papers, in the last
week. One is a Bible printed in Germany
in 1734, sent with other heirlooms to John
Vroom of Rawllns along with a box of
heirlooms from- his family's former home
in Amsterdam. The other is a copy of
the celebrated "Breeches Bible," found in
a case of forgotten books by Judge Al
fred Heath of this town. This is an Eng
lish Bible printed in 1606. It is bound in
oak boards, covered with leather and re
inforced with heavy brass clamps. The
leaves are yellow with age, but the print
ing and numerous illustrations are still
perfectly legible. It contains the Old Tes
tament, the Apocrypha, a table of proper
names, the Psalms, the Lord's Prayer,
the commandments and the canticles all
set to music. The feature of the book
that makes it so valuable is the following
verse: "And they sewed figge tree leaves
together and made themselves breeches."
SARATOGA, Wyo., Jan. 19.— Two val
uable Bibles have been discovered in
Printing Is Still Perfectly-
Legible.
Pages Are Yellow With Age, but the
TWO. VALUABLE BIBLES
FOUNT) AMONG OLD BOOKS
The entire city detective force has been
•working to locate the highwaymen, their
efforts meeting with success to-day when
two officers located Case, Kelly and
Myrtle in an Aiizo-street lodging-house.
They were surprised while asleep and
•were taken without difficulty. Various
articles stolen from recent victims were,
according to the- police, found in their
possession.
Color and Beckwith are declared to be
the men who recently held up four men
a.t Victor and San Bernardino and im
prisoned them in an empty box car, which
•was afterward picked up and hauled to
Los Angeles before the victims were lib
crated.
The men taken into custody axe Frank
Case, who has served a fifteen-year
term at San Quentin for highway rob
bery committed in San Francisco; "Wil
liam Kelly, a two-termer, sent to prison
from San Francisco for burglary; Charles
Myrtle, alias Chris Merkle. alias W. C
Gordon, a two-termer; Frank Color,
¦whom the local police have connected
•with numerous burglaries, and John
Beckwith, an escape from Whittier Re
form School, and wanted for highway
robbery at Victor, near San Bernardino.
Case and Kelly escaped from the Aia
roeda County ja.il at Oakland on Decem
ber 25, where they are wanted for burg
lary. These two men and Myrtle are, ac
cording to the police officials, the trio
that has held up and robbed numerous.
Los Angeles citizens since the 11th lnst.,
the last of which crimes was committed
last night when Major Klokke was stood
¦up and robbed . of a gold watch and *u)
In cash.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. IS.— The police of
Los Angeles to-day made a rich haul in
criminals that probably will put a stop
to the long series of burglaries and high
way robberies that have occurred almo&t
dally since the beg-innlng of the month.
' Solemn high vespers were celebrated in
the evening by the" Rev. Edward Allen,
S. J., assisted by the- Rev. Mr. Fleurens,
S. J., as deacon, and Rev. Mr. Buckley,
S. J., as subdeacon. Father Allen also of
ficiated at the solemn benediction, assisted
by Father de Rop, S. J., as deacon, and
Rev. Mr. Valla, S. J., as subdeacon.
The music was under the direction of
Rev. Father Cotelli. Riga's short mass
was sung by the male, choir. A motet
composed by Father Cotelli from a theme
by Rossini was rendered at the offertory.
At the conclusion of the mass the Arch
bishop imparted the Papal, benediction.
He received . a name above every v name.
Other men, as Moses, Joshua' and Lodrach,
saved their peoples in the hour of their need.
He is the , savior of saviors. . He saved all
mankind. The name of Jehovah is a name
above every name. Still it does not express
as great a number of the divine perfections as
the sweet name of Jesus.
j For thus humbling himself,, even to the
death of the cross. . he, ' as St. Paul says, re
ceived from God' a ¦» name above every name,'
the name of Jesus." at which every knee shall
bend of those in heaven, on earth and under
the earth. . . '
Lessons That It Teaches.
To.be a savior it did not suffice him to pay
dearly for our salvation. \ He would Instruct us
both by word and example how to make sure
for ourselves our dearly bought freedom.
Hence the word of God dwelt amongst us. con
versing with men on the kingdom of his heav
enly father and. living a life as perfect as his
heavenly father^, that men might hear with
very ears and see with their very ¦ eyes the
paths that lead to heavenly life. / •
For a truth, whatever can be said of Christ,
whatever of wondrous sublimity, of grandeur.
ot power, of grace and sweetness, it is said
of him because he is Jesus, which means
savior. |
To be a* savior the word was made flesh. If
Christ were God alone he could not have suf
fered and died. And if he were man alone
his sufferings and death could not have had
an infinite value. God therefore became man.
Having a body, God was chilled by the/winter's
blast and overpowered with the summer's
heat; his head was crowned with thorns: his
hands and feet were bored . with nails and his
side was pierced with a lance; finally he hung
lifeless to the cross.
The name of Jesus is certainly a most holy
name, because he who bears it Is the Incarnate
holiness' itself. The name of Jesus is again
most holy on account of him who bestowed it.
Christ did not receive his sacred name from
man or angel, he received it from his heavenly
father alone, f Originating thus in the divine
mind, and as it were spoken for the first time
i« must be a name full of wondrous and sacred
meaning. Even human minds can express much
In a few words. It this be true of minds
finite, of minds which say unto themselves
"So far shalt thou go and no farther," then
truer. by far is it of the. divine mind. , .
Meaning of Holy Name.
Rev. Patrick J. Foote, S. J., was ac
corded the distinction of preaching the
sermon. Father Foote is a native of this
city J and a graduate of St. Ignatius Col^
lege. His sermon was extremely eloquent
and a learned exposition of tha doctrines
upon which the feast is founded, and why
it is of special Importance to the Society
of Jesus. He said in part:
Very Rev. John P. Frieden, S. J., was
the -celebrant. He was assisted by Rev.
George Butler, S. J., deacon; Rev. J. de
Rop,, S. J., su,bdeacon, arid. Rev. William
J. Culligan, S. J., master of ceremonies.
Rev. Henry Woods, S. J., was the assist
ant to the celebrant, j As deacons of
honor, Rev. J. Hickey, S. J., and Rev.
Joseph Landry, S. :J., occupied seats by
the throne of Archbishop Riordan, and
assisted" him. throughout the ceremonies.,
Rev. P.' J. Mulligan occupied a seat with
in the .sanctuarv. B ' :
The magnificent altar of St. Ignatius
Church was ablaze with light. On one
side an episcopal throne had been erected,
in which sat Archbishop Riordan, clad in
the robes of his office, and supported on
either side by members of the Jesuit
order. • ¦ The officiating priests were clad in
vestments of "cloth of gold; and numerous
acolytes, censers and thurifers presented
a scene of moving colors, as each part of
the mass was read. . . v
j Solemnly impressive were the services
which marked the celebration of the feast
of the Holy Name of Jesus yesterday at
St. Ignatius Church. As the Society of
Jesus takes its name from this occasion;
it^ is one: of the; ' most important in the
history' of the order; Since St. ; Ignatius
of Loyala first organized the Society of
Jesus,. this date has been celebrated' each
year with increasing fervor and devotion.
The two were engaged in hauling a load
of wood down the summit road to their
home, which Is in that vicinity, when the
brake gave way and the wagon rushed
on the horses. This frightened the ani
mals, and they started at a furious gate.
The elder Moody jumped and landed in
brush twenty feet below the road, receiv
ing a number of injuries. His son hung
en to the lines and made an effort to
stop the team. The grade was a heavy
one and the big wagon gained impetus,
the frightened animals running at full
speed. At a sharp turn in the road the
outfit went over the embankment and
rolled down a distance of 300 feet into the
gorge. Young Moody was thrown from
the rig and landed at the bottom in some
brush and rocks. He received a deep
gash in the head and some bruises about
the body. The wagon was smashed to
splinters. One of the horses was killed,
but the others escaped with minor inju
ries.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 19.— While hauling wood
in the hills back of Saratoga, fifteen
miles west of this city, a four-horse team
belonging to C. H. Moody became unman
ageable and plunged 300 feet over a moun
tain grade. That Moody and his 16-year
old son, William, were not killed is al
most a miracle. : *
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Los Angeles Officers Make
a Notable Haul of
Criminals.
Team and the Lad Fall Three
Hundred Feet Into .
a Gorge.
Two Men Who Escaped
From Alameda Jail
Captured.
Santa Clara Boy Has
Remarkable Escape
From Death.
Great Solemnity Marks
Services in* Opm
¦ memqratiqn.
Archbishop Riordan Assists
; and Gives the Papal
' Benediction.
POLICE LAND
OLD OFFENDERS
TOPPLES WITH
FALLING HORSES
JESUITS HONOR
PATRON'S FEAST
PRINCE HENRY EXPRESSES
FRIENDSHIP FOR EVANS
Looks Forward With Pleasure to His fleeting
With the American Admiral.
THE . SA N '. " FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1902.
3
Thia rlgnatnre is on erery box of the genuine
; Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabie<» 2;
Ur* reswdjr that cures a. e«id tu «W Uoji j
• The clos« relation between heart trouble and
poor ~~ digestion - Is because both organs ar»
controlled by branches of tb« 11m* (reit
Real, organic heart disease is incurable; but
not one case in a hundred of heart trouble is
organic.
Heart troubles, at least among Americans,
are certainly increasing, and while this may
be -: largely, due to - the ' excitement and worry
of American business life, it Is more often the
result of weak stomachs, of poor digestion.
Dc Not Be. Alarmed, but Look for
the Cause.
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid In-
crease of Heart Troubles.
, HEART DISEASE
for men for boys
When we sell clothes at regular prices we What is true of our men's department is
give good values that are fully worth the equally true of our boys'— our regular goods
price. Otherwise our store would not be so at regular prices are good values, and when
busy with the customers who come here we offer a special sale you can count on most
time and again. unusual values. We merely>refer to the fol-
At a clearing sale like this the values are as they speak for them-
certainly extraordinary-you surely ought SelveS m every mStailCe - |
not miss the opportunity if you need a suit We will allow exchanges or alterations, of
or overcoat. money back if the customer is not pleased.
The goods comprise certain lines that were «
broken to some extent in sizes after the I OpCOatS
heavy holiday selling, and some Made of covert material in neat, light
regular goods that were specially reduced foi shades of tan . Topcoats for children fro £ j
1S 5a e " . to 8 years, former price $4.00, now $2.60;
The suits are single and double breasted sacks. topcoats for. boys from 9 to 13, reduced from
S&i&toCrS? U n s? ylUh C °' 5 - Wte " ™ dKht ? 5-oo to $3^0; -topcoats for youths from 14
Th* 9T coa.s re dl-,00, Evicts, in winter Wh | " 9> marke<1 d ° W " fr ° m *°
and weight, lined with the best of farmer satin velvet *
cotafomcrpric^ooo : Two-piece and Norfolk
The suits and overcoats are to be had now for J ' . ;
%^ mi. _
$jJl^ 4^ __ Made of Scotch tweeds and. cheviots in
M^k ffl^fc P™F neat mixtures, ages 8 to 16 and 3 to. 10, re-
W e% xl W ™^k spectively, on sale in two lots: Suits worth
Hw-P 0 JJ $ 2>75> $ 3>00 and $3.50 go at $ 2jI0 . Suits
1^ worth $3.75, $4.50, $5.00, up to $7.50 go at
- ~~ ; $2.85, k ; ¦••-. _-
TrOilSerS Youths' Suits
Made of winter-weight materials, in many patterns,
Trousers, well made from worsted material in neat single or double breasted; former prices $7.00, $8.^o]
patterns of check, stripes, etc., all sizes; former price $10.00 and $12.50, now reduced to $5.45.
$2. 50. now Teduced to .
Boys unlaundered white shirts, sizes 12 to i^A, for-
/f% merly 50c; reduced to 35c. " ' \
<*Tf I KB K Boys ' white unlaundercd waists, ages 5 to 12, for-
M. • m'^3 merly' 35c, reduced to 25c.
¦n, , All-wool Rolf caps on special sale at lOc each
fcxenanses and alterations will be made if desired. Children's sailor. caps in blue, brown and red' with
or money back if displeased. emblems, on special sale at 10c each.
A glance at our -am . ¦ e\..l a
. j . ¦'¦• A M . » Out-of-town orders
clothes, hats or fur- I W W\ . -**T jf** furnishings "or
n ishing^xy ¦ .,, 7 1 8 Market Street hat8 -
There is only one way to purify the blood,
only one -way to increase flesh, .and that is
through the stomach and digestive organs.
Why? Because the stomach and digestive or-
gans make blood and flesh, bone, nerves and
sinew. Did you ever see a person blessed with
a healthy,- vigorous stomach and digestion who
had Impure blood, muddy, sallow complexion,
or who had weak nerves, sleepless nights and
the thousand and one pains and aches arising
from poor digestion? No, because perfect di-
gestion converts the'food eaten into pure blood,
strong nerves and muscles, and all tha fiesh
a person needs to have for health, symmetry
and beauty.
Every : person knows whether or not his or
her digestion is what It should be. but every
person does not know what is j the safest and
best way to secure and preserve a healthy
condition of tha digestive organs. It Is not
dona by tha : usa of any wonderful secret
patent medicine, but by tha use of certain
harnVess dlgestiva principles, which, taken at
meals, will digest tha food anyway, regardless
of tha weak condition of tha stomach.
' Dr. Brooks recommends a combination of
vegetable essences^ fruit salts, . pura aseptic
pepsin and ' Golden Seal, prepared | In conven-
ient tablet form, and sold by druggists every-
where under tha name of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. * •
Thesa pleasant tasting tablets are to ba dis-
solved In the mouth after each meal, and.
mingling in the food In the stomach, digest it
perfectly. There is nothing wonderful about
this. Any physician or chemist knows that
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will do this be-"
cause repeatedly tested and proved, and thou-
sands of cured dyspeptics have found it to be
true also. •
Dr. Harlandson states that these tablets
Increase flesh because they digest flesh-form-
ing food like eggs, meat and ordinary every-
day food; for the same reason they purify the
blood and strengthen weak nerves. In no other
way can it be done, because flesh, blood and
nerves are obtained from the food we eat.
Dr. Jennlson once stated that he believed
a CO-cent package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets would give more real benefit that fifty dol-
lars' worth of ordinary doctor's fees.
These . tablets may. ba found at any drug
store.
There Is a Simpler and Better Way.
WILL NOT DO IT.
SECBET PATENT MEDICINES
• Indigestion.
and Strength and to Cure
To Purify the Blood, Increase Flesh
ONLY ONE WAY
A little book describing all forms of stom-
ach weakness and their cure mailed free by
addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
•Dr. Wuerth states that ho Invariably uses
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in all cases of 'stom-
ach derangements, and finds them a certain
cure, not only for sour stomach, but by prompt-
ly digesting the food, they create a healthy
appetite, increase flesh and strengthen the ac-
• tion of the heart and liver. They are not a
cathartic, but Intended only for stomach dis-
eases and weakness, and will be found reliable
in any stomach trouble except cancer of the
stomach.
All . druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia , Tablets
at 50 cents per package. :
Dr. Harlanson recommends as the safest and
surest cure for sour stomach (acid dyspepsia)
an excellent preparation sold . by druggists un-
der the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
These tablets are large, twenty grain lozen-
ges, very pleasant to taste, and contain the
natural adds, peptones and digestive elements
essential to good digestion, and when taken
after meals they digest the food perfectly and
promptly before it has \ had time to ferment,
sour and poison the blood and nervous sys-
tem.' " ¦ * ' - ;
"We refer to the common use of soda to re-
lieve heartburn or sour stomach, a habit which
thousands of people practice almost daily and
one which is fraught with danger; moreover.
the soda only gives temporary relief and In
the end the stomach trouble gets worse and
worse,
The soda acts as a mechanical irritant to
the walls of the. stomach and bowels, and
cases- ..are on record where it accumulated in
the intestines, causing death by inflammation
or peritonitis.
Common soda is all right in Ita place and
indispensable' in the kitchen and for cooking
and washing purposes, but it was never in-
tended for a medicine, and people who use
it as such will some day regret it.
Excessive Use.
~ • ¦ g
Serious Results Sometimes Follow Its
DANGER IN SODA.
Little book on cause and cure of stomach
troubles mailed free by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
They invigorate the stomach, make pure
blood and strong nerves in the only way that
nature can do it, and that Is from plenty of
wholesome food, well digested. It la not what
we eat, but what we digest that does us good.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by drug-
gists at 50 cents for full-sized package.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest food
if placed In a' Jar or bottle in water heated
to 98 degrees, and they will do it much more
effectively when taken into the stomach after
meals, whether you have faith that they will
or not.
' Mere faith will not digest' your food for
you, will not give you an appetite, will not
increase your flesh and strengthen your nerves
and heart, but Stuart's Dyspepsia. Tablets
will do these things, because they are com-
posed of the elements of digestion;^ they con-
tain the Juices, acids and peptones necessary
to the digestion and assimilation of all whole-
some food.
Nevertheless, the most common of all dis-
eases, Indigestion, and stomach troubles, which
in turn cause nervous diseases, heart troubles,
consumption, and the - loss of flesh, requires
something besides faith to cure.
This is especially true In nervous troubles,
and no field offers so prolific a harvest for
the quack and charlatan as the diseases aris-
ing from a weak or run-down nervous sya-
All physicians agree that the element of faith
has a great deal to do in the cure of disease.
Firm belief and confidence in a family physi-
cian or the same confidence and faith in a pat-
ent medicine have produced remarkable cures
in all ages. ' ,
nerves, the Sympathetic and
In another way, also, the heart is affected
by that form of poor digestion which causes
gag and fermentation from half -digested food;
there is a feeling of oppression and heaviness
in the chest, caused by pressure of the dis-
tended stomach on the heart and lungs, Inter*
fering with their action; hence arise palpita-
tion ajid short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood, makes
it thin and watery, which irritates and weak-
ens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart trou-
ble is to improve the digestion and to lnsura
the prompt assimilation of food.
This can best be done by the regular use
after meals of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets, which may be found at most
drug stores, and which contain valuable, harm-
less digestive elements In a pleasant, conven-
ient form.
It is safe to say that the regular, persistent
use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at meal
time will cure any form of stomach trouble ex-
cept cancer of the stomach.
¦ Full sized package of the tablets sold by
druggists at 50 cents.
Little book on* stomach trouble mailed
free. Address F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall.
Mich.
ARE YOU THIN?
Do Yon. Want to Become Fleshy P
Heeded.
A FEW SIMPLE RULES.
Flesh and Not Fat Is What 13
What thin people want la flesh, and not fat.
To be symmetrical and properly proportioned
every person should have a certain amount of
flesh. To be plump does not necessarily mean
to be fat. Fat is undesirable; it' clogs and
retards tha action of every muscle, Interferes
with tha healthy action of the heart and lungs,
and when excessive predisposes to fatty degen-
eration of vital organs, to say nothing of the
discomfort, more or less, resulting from ex-
cessive adipose tissue.
Common sense would suggest that If one
wishes to become fleshy and plump, the thing
most needed would be flesh- forming foods; in
other words, albuminous foods, like eggs,
beef, oatmeal, etc. Tha kinds of food that
make flesh are the foods that form the greater
part of our dally bill of fare.
Now. the only reason so many people re-
main thin is because their stomachs do not
properly and' completely digest and assimilate
the flesh-forming beefsteak and eggs we eat
every day.
There are thousands of such people, and
they are really dyspeptic, although they may
not suffer any particular pain or inconvenience
from their stomachs. If such persons wouli
take, with their meals, some preparation like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, the food would be
quickly digested, and the proper degree of
plumpness very soon secured, because these
tablets are prepared exactly for that purpose,
they will digest every variety of flesh-forming
food, which Is the sole reason why . they so
quickly build up and strengthen thin, dyspep-
tic men and women.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure dyspepsia,
and every form of indigestion on this com-
mon sense plan, that they digest the food
promptly, giving strength to every nerve and
organ of the body, while at the same time tha
stomach has a chance to rest and recover ita
natural vigor. Nothing further is required to
cure any stomach trouble, or to make thin,
dyspeptic people strong, plump and well.
This excellent preparation is manufactured
by F. A. Stuart Co.." Marshall, Mich., and
sold by druggists everywhere at 50 centa per
package.
the Asking.
A Valuable Little Book Sent Free for
FREE TO MILLIONS.
Medical books are not always interesting
reading, especially to people enjoying good
health, but as a matter of fact. _ scarcely one
person In ten Is perfectly healtny, and even
with such sooner or later sickness must come.
It is also a well-established truth that nine-
tenths of all diseases originate with a break-
Ing down of the digestion; a weak stomach
weakens and Impoverishes the system, mak-
ing It easy for disease to gain a foothold, j
Nobody need fear consumption, kidney dis-
ease, liver trouble or a weak heart and ner-
vous system as long as the digestion is good
and the stomach able to assimilate plenty of
wholesome food.
Stomach weakness shows Itself In a score of
ways, and this little book describes the symp-
toms and causes -and points the way to cure
so simple that any one can understand and
apply. '
Thousands have some form of stomach
trouble and do not know it. They ascribe tha
headache, (he langour, nervousness, insomnia,
palpitation, constipation and similar symp-
toms to some other cause than the true one.
Get your digestion on the right track and the
heart trouble, lung trouble, liver disease or
nervous disability will rapidly disappear.
This little 'book treats entirely on the cause
and removal of indigestion and its accompany-
ing annoyances.
It describes the symptoms of Add Dyspepsia.
Nervous Dyspepsia. Slow Dyspepsia. Amyla-
ceous Dyspepsia, Catarrh of the Stomach, and
all afflictions of the digestive organs in plain
language, easily understood, and the. cause
removed. -**•*}» J-'-'k- •'••-. ;.'¦¦¦
It gives valuable suggestions as to diet, and
contains a table giving length of time required
to digest various articles of food, something
every person with weak digestion should know.
No price Is asked, but simply send your
name and address, plainly written on postal
card, to P. A. Btnart Co.. Marshall. Mich.,
requesting a little book on Stomach Diseases,
and It will ba sent promptly by return mall.
They Cure Stomach Troubles and Indiges-
tion, Anyway, Whether You Have
Faith in Them or- Not.
About Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
gDogs g
|g* They dp not have Dyspepsia R?
because the stomach of a dog g~3
3a secretes six times as much pepsin Qfe
§g* and twice as much hydrochloric kT
!*3 addas the stomach of a man. £<9
§ STUART'S §1
I DYSPEPSIA §
g TABLETS x §
fej have cured thousands of men and %fe
23 women of Dyspepsia and Indigestion f?*
tek because they supply what every weak
~3 stomach lacks: Hydrochloric und (^
teh lactic acids, pure aseptic pepsin, eln-
ger and Golden Seal to Increase the gj^ 5
fav secretion of gastric Juices. They cure \3>
Nervous Dyspepsia, Sour Stomach, r^*
fev Gas and Fermentation. Biliousness. f»
,23 Constipation or any form of weak rp
digestion. . v&
§|* FULL SIZED PACKAGES SOc AT DRUCOISTS. §a^
RET ADDRSS3,- C~
F. A. STUART COl, MsnshaU. Mkh. £§
. for free book on stomach troubles, m^,J. h ; n "nouiit'of gold coin in actual circu
lation in the world Is, e8 ti mate< , by the
Bank of .England officials to be about S65
. ,: HOTEL DEL, CORONADO, choicest Winter
Resort in the world." offers beat living, climate,
boatin jr. "• bathlns, ¦ ; flahlnsr ;; and i most iamuse
manta. E. S. Babcock. ' manager. Coronado. Cal.'
;; Mr. ,Croker ;having "retired : , from' Tammany* says:
' To , win . the Derby has been t^e one "ambition of my
life.". . ; Running politics in New York it seems was
merely a means of raising; money ! to buy racehorses.
The men who;' have : been' supporting him all along
will doubtless be pleased- in learning! at "last 'what'. they
have been working for. • v - : » • :
! PROBLEMSt-J. P. E., City. As this de
partment does not encourage problems or
questions ' In arithmetic it cannot print
your solution'of lapsed: time between the
beginning of , the Christian era and the
close of 1902. ; , . • ; ¦: ;.¦-,• ',;".-:
The reform administration in New r York has got
itself into office only to" find something like a tack
in the official chair. Some reformers are clamoring
• for a strict enforcement of the' Sunday law. while
insist upon what they call a "liberal" enforce
ment; and between the two the city government is
envying, the quiet and retired life that Tammany is
enjoying. • • >
: TUXEDO COAT— A. O. S. , City. As a
Tuxedo . coat ; is recognized , as fashionable
at ' functions " there .is no. reason ' . why . it
should be • out of place if .worn by, a
gentleman while accompanying ¦ a' lady 'to
a theater: '.
- Despite .the fact that ground for. the v St. -Louis ex
position 'was broken only' a short time ago, the pro
moters of: the enterprise assert . positively, they will
have the exposition in good shape at the opening
next spring: .Virtually thefwhole Work is to be ac
complished within a' little over ! twelve months, arid
should St.- Xouis achieve the feat' she ' will get a repu
tation to be proud of.
HUGUENOT SOCIETY-S. G. F., City.
The^ Huguenot ' Society "of America was
organized April 12, 1883, and it has Its of
fice at 105 East Twenty-second street," New
York City. : : . - ! '
The object of che'c'ub, as outlined In th»
constitution, is short, 'and 2££S5 o?
JKn ie hl en t Ce: - frn » : ° b J«*..df thfa club
vi, .. b t*° enc ourage a life of «i n *ie
bl « SS - ?° IloWln * Pennies axeSken
SSr Sfrtft;^ W u wv the organization:
- F <>r flirting wit h the opposite sex, one
pound- of chocolate creams; -for winkhS
at a young man, two pounds of. chocolate
creams; for allowing a. youn s man to kUs
/According: to a dispatch from Bineharr,
ton. N. Y., the society youn? ladS ',
Waverly have organized 1 a^ anS^atri
monial club, with severe penalties . *£ »«
submission to the appeals orCnipw' V
The members are youns- ami V»-i j
the prettiest^aiden/o^wa^y n S
are. from families representing leading
SS? sldan3 ' banke » ¦¦«v£S
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
aga/nst marriage.
It has been noted that' in several of the lectures
he is now delivering; in .'the East Mr. Bryan has 'taken
pains , to speak highly of Mayor Tom Johnson of
Cleveland/and the knowing ones declare he will back
Johnson for the Presidential nomination in : 1904.
The news is not : pleasing to the conservative >ing,
of I the party, for in many things Tom is even ; more
radical than William J; \ :
There are a large number of universities and insti
tutions in Europe endowed for the purpose of sup
porting men of science. and learning. Their chairs
are frequently occupied by exceptional men, but as a
rule those favored creatures did not receive the.fa
vors until they had first won success before the larger
audience of the world. Moreover, the chances are
that if an exceptional man such as Marconi were
provided with an income to devote himself to study,
he would not be half so eager or so successful in his
experiments as Marconi has been under circum
stances that compel him. to succeed or starve. ?
Mr. Carnegie's institution is going.' to do a great
deal of good.., It is going. to. afford many a man of
fair abilities an opportunity to make better use "of
them than he could if he were forced to enter into
the competitive struggle for .a living. \. It /will enable
such men to work under conditions so favorable that
they will' 'succeed 'where they would otherwise "'. have
failed. Their work, moreover, is going to add iti the
aggregate an, immense sum to the world's: st^fe of
knowledge. To humanity itself then, as well as to the
recipients of his favors,' "Mr. Carnegie's giftlis t o . be" ;
beneficial; but it -is not going to find the exceptional
nnr to hel.n him: much v wheri -'found. That class
- The intention of the founder is undoubtedly excel
lent, but it is safe to say that if his institution depend
for success upon finding the exceptional man it will
accomplish very little for the money with which he
has endowed it. The manager of every important in
dustry in this country is searching! for the excep
tional man. Every university ; is looking ! for him.
Every political party is on his trail. The church
wishes him, the banks long for him and literature
has been yearning for him for many a year. The ex
ceptional man in farf would not have to apply, to
Mr. . Carnegie's institute for financial aid to • enable
him to devote his, life to the work for- which he is
best fitted. In fact, whether he be a Marconi, a
Paderewski or a Morgan, the exceptional man who
is not ahead of his time, nor behind it, never fails to
get bigger pay from the public than any the Carnegie
institution will ever be able to offer him; and if he
be ahead of his time, it is not easy to see how the
very conservative gentlemen who control the insti
tution are ever going to be able to recognize him.
MR. .CARNEGIE, in stating the objects for
which he has founded, the new institution at
Washington,' says it will be one of the pur
poses of the trustees and managers to "discover the
exceptional man in every department of study, when
ever and wherever found, and enable him by financial
aid to make the work for which he seems specially de
signed his life work." ¦ "
THE EXCEPTIONAL MAN.
The report* that the Turkish" Government is to pay
$7500 indemnity for an American cycler, who was
killed while riding through, the country suggests at
once the expediency of sending all the scorchers to
Turkey ar.d allowing the Sultan a discount ' on a
wholesale slaughter.
George E. Gallagher, & popular youn«
salesman of H. Liebes & Co.. Is conva
lescing from a severe illness. He has be«n
confined to his home for several weeks.
I. N. Van Nuys, the well-known land
owner of Los Angeles, Is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
J. R. Houghton. a capitalist of Chico.
returned yesterday from a pleasure trip
through Mexico.
A. M. Bradlock. with the firm of H&la
Bros, of Sacramento, is a guest at tho
Occidental.
S. Mitchell, a landowner and rancher cf
Vlsalia, is among the arrivals at the Cal
ifornia.
A. E. D. King, an owner of oil w«na
in the vicinity of Hanf ord, is at ths
Palace.
George S. Edwards. & -well-known resi
dent of Santa Barbara, 13 at the Occi
dental. \ '. : .
Fred Sutton, a mining man of Sonora.
is at the Lick.
J. Klein, a merchant of Lorapoc, is stay
ing at the Lick.
A. McPike, a Seattle capitalist, ia regia
tered at the Russ.
John W. Mitchell, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
F. "W. Cummins, a merchant of Dia
mond, Or., is at the Russ.
F. A. Cressey, a banker of Modesto, la
among the arrivals at the Lick. . •
C. D. Blbbins, an extensive mine owner
of Spokane, is at the Occidental.
L. Grothwell, a real estate dealer of
Stockton, is registered at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Having once started 'upon the wrong path, the
custom has become more and more, evil.; There is
no more reason why the Government should furnish
the people with free seeds than with free vegetables.
The distribution interferes with a legitimate indus
try and seriously handicaps if! Mr.' Squash's bill is
a suggestion of what we are coming to if some check
is not put upon the increasing evil. If we are going
to give anybody free seed we should give- everybody
free seed, and thus, as Mr. Squash proposes, put an
end to the seed industry altogether. ' „. V \
The provisions of the bill are not any' more ex
travagant than the operations of the free seed dis
tribution by the Government.' Originally the .dis
tribution was designed for the, purpose of introducing
new and better seeds among the farmers of- the
country. That intention has long since been lost
sight of. The seeds now distributed so far from be
ing better than the farmer could . obtain from a
country grocery are probably worse.' The ; distribu
tion, in fact has become an immense job,- and in its
operations frauds of various kinds are continually
coming to light.
x^ONGRESS 'has. ; unofficially before it a bill
r which, is-at.'oftc^'amusing and instructive.
N-^ -The bill "purports to have! been introduced
by Congressman -'"Squash;"; a/ member of. the "Six
tieth" Congress. ;; It . is:. marked .H./R.. 4^11-44, and
purports to be; a" measure to provide for the absorp
tion by the general Government of all s^ed firms in
the United-; State's, ancl recites" that. since the distribu
tion-of free seed now' leaches the amount of 47,000,
coo packets and is x still insufficient for the demand,
the dole shall be increased to 100,000,000 packets at
once. , . / . , ' , . \
' ¦ - - .¦ f •''-•-''¦¦,.
For the^purpqse '' of enabling the Government to
carry, out the objects .of the- bill the Secretary" of
Agriculture is authorized to purchase the' stock, good
will and fixtures of every seed house in the United
States, and should any seedsman decline to sell out,
the Secretary is instructed to proceed against him by
injunction, forbidding him to carry on his business.
A COMING SEED BILL;
. It will -be/emerhbered that . some .time; ago Mrs.
Emmons' Blainia; anpounxedjithatj sHe^iad^sblyed^ the
servant problem by'empfoyin^them to work on eight
hour relays ; and ' consequently >it < is' worth noting
that a Chicago 'reports states that she. has broken up
housekeeping and, goneVto live at- a- hotel. . ; ¦
Admiral Sir John Hopkins Is Prevented From Delivering
Lectures, and Beresford May Encounter a Check.
A MILE. SQUARE— Subscriber, Hay
fork, Cal. There is no difference between
a mile, square and a square mile. One
square mile contains 640 acres.
THE 'British Admiralty is about to apply the office gag to naval officers who
violate section 637 of the navy regulations of 1S79. which forbid the publica
tion, directly or indirectly, of any matter or thing relating to the public ser
vice. Admiral Sir John Hopkins is the first officer to incur the disapproval
of the Admiralty. \ He had proposed a certain series of lectures before the
United Service Institution, but the journal committee declined to have them deliv
ered, as the Admiralty had intimated in no uncertain language that it did not ap
prove of the proposed lectures. The queer thing about this Incident is that -Sir
.: John 'Hopkins was a naval lord hlmself-a»few years ago, and. that- he is therefore -
cognizant of the Admiralty being averse "to-having- its shortcomings exposed or
. criticized, and it is just possible that this \ gag applied to Admiral Hopkins is a
strong intimation to Rear Admiral Beresfbrd, who- has freely criticized the British
'navy system, to cease his attacks and comply with, the instructions and regula
' tions governing the navy. ' ¦ ¦
There Is some doubt about a drydock being constructed by the British Govern
ment at Simons Town. South Africa, as it has been pointed out that such a work,
. owing to engineering difficulties, would cost at least $15,000,000. The rock is unsuit
able for the dock and the material has to be brought from Norway. It Is further
shown that the place cannot be fortified and that the bay is exposed to southeast
ers, making It unsafe for shipping. Saldhana Bay, in the near vicinity, is indi
cated as a much more suitable and far less expensive dock site.
¦ > • • * :".'•: -¦ " • •
• Three notable cruisers in the French navy are to be stricken off the active list
after long and efficient service. One is the Duquesne, - of ' 5986 tons, and another
the Tourville, of 5578 tons, both bulit in 1S76. They are iron vessels sheathed with
wood, and have been employed almost constantly on foreign service In preference
¦ to later ships, the bottoms of which were not coppered. The Duquesne has been
twice in- San Francisco harbor— in 18S6 and again in 1891 — and was twice docked at
Mare Island. The -ship drew 28 feet 6 inches when she entered 'the dock and expe
rienced no difficulty in getting up to the navy yard, where it is now asserted that
ships, of our navy drawing four to five feet less water are unable to navigate. The
Duquesne will be remembered as a stately, handsome and commodious ship, of
good and reliable speed and economical steaming.. She was the connecting-link
between the old and the new navy, and more serviceable than the average mod
ern production with high paper speed. The third vessel, the Ipnlgenle, also con
structed of iron and wood, is of 3431 tons,. was built In 1881 and has been used con
stantly as a training ship. These three ships are tb be utilized as colliers, and as
such are capable of serving for another quarter of a century, as tjie hulls are of
unusually strong material and well put together.
I Two torpedo-boats In the Franch navy, the Siroco and Mistral, built by Nor
mand, have armored dec^ks over the engine and '• boiler compartments. The flat
deck is .35 of an inch in thickness, and the inclined part, extending ten Inches be
low the waiter line, is .94 of an inch thick. As a further strength to the boat, and
to obviate the danger of buckling, there is an inner keel, or, properly, keel
son, thirteen inches in depth, extending through half the length of the vessels.
The weight of the armor, which Is of nickel steel, and the keelson is twenty-four
tons, or nearly one-sixth of the total displacement. ¦ ."
¦,-v ¦ ", • .•¦'•-"
Germany is pushing her shipbuilding programme with such vigor as to com
plete it four years hence, instead of in 1916, as originally Intended. Unless this
activity is suddenly checked the German fleet will consist in 1906 of thirty-eight
battleships, of which thirty-one are built; fourteen armored cruisers, including
twelve built, building or authorized, and thirty-eight smaller cruisers of which
thirty-three are built, completing or authorized. ' Fifteen of the above named
classes of ships are under. construction, and new ships are provided for in tha
. budget for 1902. The expenditures on new phips and armament are estimated at
$18,791,500. Simultaneous with the increase of ships is the addition to the person
. nel, viz., one vice admiral, thirteen captains,', eight commanders, six lieutenant
commanders, twenty-eight lieutenants and eighteen ensigns— a total increase of
seventy-six commissioned deck officers, and a proportionate addition of staff, war
rant officers, cadets and general crew.
Japan established a new naval station, named Maiguru, on the west coast of
Nippon on October 1 last. Vice Admiral Togo is commandant of the station, with
: five rear admirals, 700 officers and civil officials and the requisite number of work
men. Malzuru is the fourth naval station, and will be equal in importance with
'.'. that of Sasebo. ; .' . ; . : "- .
'Battleships and first-class cruisers in .the Japanese navy are hereafter to b«
painted black, including outsldei of hull, masts, spars, smokepipes and guns pro
jecting from ship's side. The smokepipes of such vessels of the two classes which
resemble each other are to have white bands painted about three feet in width in
- order, to distinguish the ships at first glance. ' , : '
', The navy of Venezuela consists of one gunboat, 'the Restaurador, of 509 ton<*
and fifteen knots (formerly Gould's yacht Atalanta); two torpedo gunboats Bon
var of 571 tons and 18.6 knots, and Miranda of 200 tons, both bought from SDain T
addition there are five revenue vessels— Mariscall Ayacucho, 140 tons- r^o 1
Crespo, 142 tons; Vencedor, 228 tons; Llbertador and Augusta. ; ¦ .,- * . eneral
There h not much change in the local market.
Prices in the main have gone up and down in sym
pathy with the Eastern centers, though fluctuations
in this market are always slower and narrower than
in the East and West, where the prices undergo, vio
lent changes almost daily. The weather has been
the principal factor for several weeks and will con
tinue so until the crop prospects become more defi
nitely defined. The merchants as. a rule report.busi
ness active and at profitable figures, collections are
ss good ns they ever are, and the banks, both city and
country, have large /lines ofvrnone.y to loan at easy
rates of interest The State was never- on a more
satisfactory commercial basis than it is to-day.
Against this bullish exhibit, however, there is a
general lowering of prices among the leading staples.
Bradstreets calls it "the usual January thaw." Cer
tainly the plane of vslues is lower than at the be
ginning of the year. The list of lower commodities
includes securities, the minor cereals, pork products,
dairy lin-s and coffee and sugar, not . to mention
copper, tin and hides, specified above. Stocks of
provisions in the Wesi are increasing, and the pack
ers are operating with more attention to demand
and supply than the calls of speculation. The bears
en the New York Coffee Exchange succeeded in
breaking the market, being aided by enormous re
ceipts at Brazilian ports and by much larger stocks
;n American hands, the increase being 150 per cent
over the same time last year. The car shortage con
tinues to hamper Irdde, though the situation seems
to be slowly improving. There is room for improve
ment in this direction, for, as already pointed out,
the dearth of cars has cut down the movement of
produce and merchandise considerably during the
past year. ;^iP
The cast reports a better movement in textile
goods, though the new prices for woolens are rather
lower than anticipated. The iron and steel trade
keeps up its rapid gait, and some lines show still
further advances, though there 1 is a disposition
among tfas more conservative houses in the trade to
frown on increased prices at the moment. Sales of
pig iron have been heavy, and more or less scarcity
of this product is noted. Finished products tend
higher, but copper and tin are lower. Shipments of
boots and shoes continue large, and the factories have
marked up their quotations 2 i / 2 (q>5c, though the
wholesalers have not yet made a corresponding in
crease in prices. Hides are weaker.
The general distributive trade of the country; was
jeported good. Comrncrcial reports expressed it as
"certainly improved." .There was a larger spring
business in cotton and woolen goods,. and the North
west sent in large orders for agricultural goods and
dry goods. The Wesi reported an increased spring
jobbing demand, with easy collections. The South
west lagged somewhat, owing to continued dry
weather in the winter wheat belt, where complaints
of crop damage are being made, though they do not
thus far indicate serious injury and would be imme
diately discontinued by a good rain. The lack of
lain in California has also been attracting attention
and h?.s been a factor in wheat prices for a week
or more.
IN spite of another decrease in bank clearings last
week, general trade was reported better. The
decrease in the clearings was slight, being only
D/ per cent as compared with the corresponding
week in 1901, and New York and Boston were the
only important cities to show a falling off, that at
New York being 17.7 per cent and that at Boston
1 per cent. The other large centers exhibited sub
stantial gains, the aggregate falling off being charge
able to the small places! The failures were 341,
ligainsj J40 last year, and were not of national im
portance. . .' ¦ '• \
TRADE GOOD BUT IRREGULAR.
BRITISH ADMIRALTY IS APPLYING
THE OFFICIAL GAG TO NAVAL MEN
MONTAGUE LESSLER, a! young lawyer without' a fortune, who defeated'
Perry Belmont, millionaire and society man, in the race for Congress, Is
only 33, years of age, while his recent rich opponent is 49. He is noted
as a Republican spellbinder, and has been much in demand aa a Speaker
* ' in all the recent campaigns, and his friends have.no doubt that he will
assert himself in the halls of Congress. This was his first run for office. He is a
native New Yorker and a graduate of the College of the City of. New York and
of the Columbia Law School. > '. .' . ,
Belmont, who expected an easy victory over the young . Republican candidate,
is unique in New York .social and political life. As the eldest son of August Bel
mont he inherited a fortune. He has increased it in Wall street.
As a young man he was one of the foremost figures of. society. . In his bache
lor days he gave at least three dances a season, and they were always among the
smartest functions of society. Many notable dinner parties were, given at the
house. Perry Belmont was always fond of dinners and dances. . .
All the time he was going in for -politics. He had high " ambitions, and. was
regarded as a very bright young man, and with his wealth was picked out as a
winner. He went to the convention and spent his spare time making political
acquaintances. He got his first nomination for Congress in 1880. He served four
terms, and was chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations. Cleveland made
him Minister to Spain in 1889. . . ! ;\ . ¦ '.
MONTAGUE LESSLER, WHO 19 NOTED IN NEW YORK AS A REPUB
LICAN SPELLBINDER, AND WHO SUCCEEDED IN BEATING MIL
LIONAIRE BELMONT IN RACE FOR CONGRESSIONAL HONORS.
With a campaign like that to be undertaken' it is
clear that 'something more is needed than culture
and scholarship. The colonel has acted wisely in
calling upon the shockheads to come to the front.
When it comes' to bucking the "center of the" barons
who have erected a line of robber^castles' from Ha
vana to ' Manila men "wiirbe" required who are as
shockheaded as fobtballrHeams, and who have an
equal courage in going up: against, anything.
inspiration from such dreams .of ; 'the
past; Colonel Watterson sees a vision of future vic
tory for the shockhead. He describes it in- language
that glows like a furnace. A single sentence ! will
suffice to give a taste of its quality.-. The ' s colonel
says: "The time is coming again, when, Old Hick
dry's spirit still leading the way, brave men are to
fight to rescue their Government from the clutches
of a body of robber barons^ who, already! strongly
intrenched in positions surrendered to them by a
succession of ' blunders and mischances incident to
faulty Democratic leadership, propose to erect a line
of robber castles from Havana to Manila; from San
Juan, in Porto Rico, to Honolulu, in Hawaii, finding
the law for it in "the imprudent pretension that 'Con
gress can do no wrong.'" . t
The "desire ;Of ! the -.gifted . Ke'nituckian for .shock
heads is duetto ;a belief on his partl'that it was by. the
aid of such men' that Jackson won the victory , of New
Orleans and . twice/ attained the .Presidency. ;} Rarely
has the colonel been 'more eloquent than in appealing
to the shockheads of- to-day; to", emulate the deeds of
their predecessors. Speaking 'of the ; men who fought
atj New Orleans, he says: "Inldrearns we can' see
the flash of their rifles yet: In dreams we can hear
their wild huzzas. The time was to come! when Old
Hickory, still riding ahead, the red coats of corrup
tion 'were to be driven out of office,, a'nd the Augean
stables cleaned even; as Packenham's! horde, was
driven .back from New Orleans and" the .land- cleared
of; the v invader." . ; " T
H" ENRY WATTERSON* is'not a candidate for
¦ the . Presidency, arid he ' has declared he will
never become; a: candidate for that office until
assured of receiving the electoral vote of Massachu
setts. -That vote will never be given to -him. 'Be
tween Watterson and Massachusetts there - is a wide
gulf.! X>nly a few. days ,' ago Josiah; Quincy, speaking
for Massachusetts Democracy, said the party must be
more care'fulin making nominations for high office,
arid that the candidate nominated for the Presidency,
should be' a man. of .wide scholarship "and . high
culture; but now comes Watterson with an appeal
to his. party- to take .as a. motto .for- the. next cam
paign: . "ShockheaaVto the front.". Such differences
of opinion . as to ' the , comparative "merits > ' of ¦ . the
cultured scholar and £the^ shockhead can "never, be
reconciled. v Colonel^' Watterson will never get a vote
in Massachusetts.' ;Ti>>£- W-. ' "•..•"' '• ••' " 'A '¦
SHOCKHEADS TO THR FRONT.
W. Edmund Idle, after an unbroken ser
vice as librarian at Mudle's, has retired.
To an interviewer the other day he said
that Mudie's library consisted of 1000 vol
umes in a small shop in Upper Kins
street when he first joined It. It now
comprises over a million, and its subscrib
ers number over 23,000. The daily issue at
books averages 10,000. The publication of
volumes three a,nd four of Macaulay's
"History of England" was a «,reat day for
Mudle's. The volumes were sold at a high,
price, but Mudie bought 2500 sets, and it
was this spirited action that lifted the
library into fame.
After she has once come to this conclu
sion nothing shakes her belief in it. Tha
operation, however, is a very long one.
Few of her books are finally ready for
publication to the world under four years
from the time when she has first con
ceived the plot and characters.
Mrs. Craigle's method of work is to
keep three or four books going at once.
She conceives her plot, then thinks and
rethinks it out until she is quite certain
that so far as her knowledge extends it
'is true in fact and in theory.
Pour Years on a Novel.
As yet ping-pong can hardly be said to
have a history, but it does not lack his
torians. Even the poets have got hold of
ping-pong, for there is a poem in its hon
or in this week's Onlooker.
Mrs. Craigie ("John Oliver Hobbes") ia
at present engaged on a new comedy. She
says she is much faselnated with writing
for the stage, . though she feels a novel
gives an author far more freedom than
one possibly can have when bound by the
conventions which exist in the theater,
both on account of the essential limita
tions of the drama and also through the
idiosyncrasies of various managers.
It may sound rather alarmins „ but is
nevertheless true that we are being
launched into a sea of ping-pong litera
ture. ¦ Several ' ; publishers told • me they
are . considering or had promised the
publication iof books oh the game by cer
tain players. In fact, my inquiries a3 to
what is likely to be the first book on a
new list in several cases was in a word
ping-pong.
Fisher Unwin means to be the first to
get out a handbook. It is by Arnold Par
ker, the winner in the recent tournament
at Queen's Hall. The book will contain
all there is at present to be told about
the game, which is quite in its infancy,
from the way- to hold the racket to the
manner of commanding the >ball In order
to make it deceive yoar adversary . by
twisting in all manner of unexpected di
rections. The book will be illustrated with
numerous diagrams.
Flood of Ping-Pong Literature
"While waiting for war a nation can do
many worse things than play cricket and
football. ' .
While the satirist must always exag
gerate a little, even the mildest critics
consider that Kipling here and there goes
too far. For example, the taunt that the
colonial rides and shoots better than me
islander hit hard and brought many re
plies. It is pointed out that In Australia
and Canada a horse costs less than a
bicycle, and running game is plentiful,
while in England deer shooting and hunt
ing are for the rich only.
As to the "flanneleo? fools" and "mud
dled oafs," the private soldier Is even^
more furious than the officer, who inde«sil'
expresses himself with more contempt
than anger. Football and cricket, it la
pointed out on all sides, are In a way al
most as much mimetic warfare as volun
teering, and certainly produce men of
finer physique.
After gathering all the various opinions
together in the press and elsewntre the
indignation against Kipling appears to be
pretty strong.
The event of the literary week-tias un
doubtedly been the publication of Kip
ling's new "battle rally," as It has been
called. "The Islanders" is a satire upon
England's carelessness about the war an 1
devotion to sports.
A- Boston steameV which" recentlyVsailed for Africa
issaid to hjave carried; in' its cargo! "enough. rum to
intoxicate 1,700,000 :men;Van"d "it- is fair. to* assume the
good people of Massachusetts are congratulating
themselves on their in shipping it out of
their country to. that of another. fellow.
There will be no question of the soundness of the
President's views. An indorsement of the Lodge bill
does not carry with it any wholesale^condemnation
of the. service as it stands! Every one recognizes that
among our consuls. are many who are not inferior to
the consuls of any foreign nation. The aim of the
bill is simply to provide a means of raising the whole
service to that high standard. • :
It will be remembered that in his message to Con
gress President Roosevelt warmly indorsed the pro
posed reforms. In referring to them he said: "They
are based upon the just principle that appointments
to the service should be governed by trustworthiness,
adaptability and zeal in the performance of duty, and
that the tenure of office should be unaffected by par
tisan considerations.' The guardianship and fostering
of our rapidly expanding foreign commerce, the pro
tection of American citizens resorting to foreign
countries in the lawful pursuit of their affairs and the
maintenance the of the nation abroad
combine to make '\\ essential that our consuls should
be men of character, knowledge and enterprise."
The biil ; provides for classifying the service into
four grades of consuls general and siK grades of con
suls. The salary of each grade is. fixed by the bill
and in the highest amounts to $10,600 a year'' The
fee. system is abolished except in a few cases which
are specially provided for. The present consular;
dfficers are to retain their places, but within a year
the classification is to be put into effect. After classi
fication consuls will be recalled gradually for exam
ination, and those who fail to prove their fitness will
be dropped from the service. Promotions are to be
by merit and consuls will be transferred from one
class to another" as the good of the service. demands.
In brief, the bill aims at retaining all that is efficient
under the present system while eliminating incom
petent officials and preventing other incompetents
from entering.
Such being the case, there has long been a demand
for reform. The demand has been met by the in
difference of "some Congressmen and' by the objec
tion of others to give up any, of the remaining spoils
of office. The demand, however, has steadily in
creased in emphasis and force; and it seems it can
no longer be evaded or denied. At the present .time
Senator Lodge has before Congress a bill which has.
received the indorsement of many of the most. in-,
fluential and authoritative commercial bodies in the
country, and with the support derived from them it
appears , probable the measure will be enacted into
law at this session.
The irregularity of the service is due partly to the
methods by which consuls are selected, and partly
to the rules under which they work and are paid.
Our consular offices are a part of the spoils of Fed
eral politics. The result is that, while we frequently
obtain able men for such positions, we not . infre
quently get a. man who is merely a party henchman
having no idea of what a consul should know or
what he should do. Complaints have been made by
traveling Americans that many of our consuls whom
they meet abroad are not only incompetent, but are
not even well educated or well bred. . Our merchants
and manufacturers have found, too, in many cases,
that consuls do not attend to their business as they
should, and that our trade with foreign ports is hin
dered by their neglect or worse.
>^""N UR consular service, like every other branch
( . I of governmental achninstration, is marked by
*j extraordinarily good work in some instances
and by the opposite in others. It . abounds' with
illustrations of the well-known truth 'that good men
will do good work -under any system, while worth
less men will never do good work. Foreigners have
praised the efficiency of the service and commended
it for imitation by their home 'Governments. On the
other, hand Americans have frequently found cause
for condemning the' serA'ice and for calling upon
Congress for a radical reform in the method of con
ducting it. v •.
OUR CONSULAR SERVICE. >
.¦LQNDO&WORLD
' VQfV .LETTERS
YOUNG LESSLER WILL
BE HEARD IN CONGRESS
of man can always take care of himself and generally
prefers to do so. : It. is that .preference ¦ . that makes
Him- the exceptional 'man." ; - - <:r"- Sv • V . '
THE 5AN; FRANCISCO^ CALL, MONDAY," JANUARY- 2O, 19O2.
MONDAY ..:..... . . .JANUARY 20,
JOHN 0. SPRECKELS, Froprietor.
liintt AH Cemcrnicaticni lo W. S. LEAEE. Her*-!?.
JtA\AGER'S OFFICE Telephone Preni UO4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Mnrket and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
nniTORIAL. ROOMS 217 to S21 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preaa 2O2.
. Delivered l»r Currier*. 15 C*nt«« Per) Week.
Slnprle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Tennt by Mail. Ineln.linpr Postasrei ¦'
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year *«.W
DAILT CALL nr.cludlne Euulay). • J. snths S.OO
DAILY CALL (lncludlnr Sunday), S months I.M
*VILY CALL— By Single Month CSc
FTXPAT CALL. On« Tear I.M
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear I.M
All postmaster* (ire nnthorlxed to reeelri
subscription h.
Start* copies win b* JoncanJed when requested.
Mat! rabseriber* In crderltr cbane* of n/sar*** «hould b«
f«rtlcuJ«r to c1t» both MEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Icrcre a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE...^..... ..».. 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGVP.SX.
I'trtprr Fertiga AfrrertUI&r. Mtrctsette Building, Chleij*.
(XiOnx Distance Telephone "Central 2611.**)
« ICKW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CiRLTOX Herald Square
JCEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPHEX B. SMITH..... ...3O Tribune Building
KEW TORK NTWS STANDS: •
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brenta.no, 31 Union Square:
Mcrrar ilill Hotel.
CHICAGO STANDS:
Sherman Hence: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <n. C> OFFICE. . . .HOC G 9U *• W.
£ UORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 MontBomery. comer of Clav. ops*
cntll 3:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until »:S0 o'clock. 631
McAllister, open until S:SO o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
»:» o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, cpen until t o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
cntll • o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until t o'clock.. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, opes, until 9 o'clock.
. (209 F!tin>or«. cpea until 9 p. in. • : . .
4
Thia , sig* mteixS •OSii'^^f to oft*. *****
Uxati ve Bnwno-Quinine »Mrte
U»i rewed/ .tkar^eim a cold ia oao «tU
Quality makes price. W ere Burnett's Vanilla
Extract no^better than other extracts its price
would be the game. Once tried ahqayvuged.
The close of the tourist ticket season
has brought out the fact that at leas*
2000 persons have taken up permanent
residence In Colorado as a ' reaulV of mid-
summer excursions. JZ "v* mm
Special information .supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press CUpping Bureau (AUen'sJ, 510 Mont-
eoxnery street. Telephone Main 1042. - •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c"a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or" Jap! bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friend*
639 Market st.. Palace Hotel building •
The Falls of Glomen, in Norway are to
be utilized for the operation of an elec-
trical generating plant almost as larza
as the one at Niagara. . *
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townaead'a.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
The seventh lecture of the series being
given under the auspices of the Sunday,
school commission of the diocese- of Cali-
fornia --will be delivered in the -Sunday-
school room of St. Luke's Church, corner
of Van Ness avenue and Clay street, to-
morrow evening at 8 o'clock. Rev. Charles
R. Brown, pastor of the First Congreja-
tional Church of Oakland and lecturer on
ethics in Leland Stanford Jr. University
will lecture. His topic will be, "How to
Teach Morality in the Sunday-school."
Morality in Sunday-Schools.
AMUSEMENTS. ¦' . :
t)rrheuia — Vaudeville. - -¦
Grand Opeia-house — "Don Caesar de Baran." • / .•
California — "Julius Caesar." » ¦
Tlvoll— "The Toy Maker."
Central — "The Fire Patrol." • l
Alrazar— "For the White Rose."
Columbia — "The Princess Chic."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-flay.Bowery Boy Wins at Iios Angeles.
Jack London, socialist,: lectured lait evening
at the Academy of Sciences on "The Tramp."
; We are S selling agents for . tho ; VWater
maJi j Ideal t Fountain ; Pens," $2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall,"
the ' best t Jl' Fountain Pen' In the .world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co:, 741 Market street.; •
The Best Fountain ' Pens.
NEW .YORK, Jan. 19.— Fire v broke out
to-night in the building on Broadway oc
cupied . by f Blumenthal . & Stinger,- manu
facturers of artificial flowers and' feath
ers; Roche.- Croll & Co., -manufacturers of
neckties, ¦ and ¦ Samuel Folkoff , • cloaks i and
suits. - Fifteen" of -Folkoff's. employes 'at
work on tho fifth floor were rescued with
Barely Escapes the Flames.
difficulty -and several firemen were'over- ;
come, f The loss is put: at $75,000. : (
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. 19.— Attorneys for
the defense in the Jim Howard murder case
pay to-night that they will to-morrow put on
the witness stand reliable persons who wljl
give all the details of the alleged Goebel mur
t e niX,^'f?, C^T, The L." ay th " thl » testimony
will show that Howard had nothing to do with
The Veterahs of the Civil War Associa
tion had a Jollification' on Saturday night
to celebrate the news received from
Washington that President Roosevelt had
issued an order giving . veterans of the
Civil War preference in matters of public
employment. Addresses were made by a
number of the members of the associa
tion, aud a series of resolutions commend
ing z the action of the President were
adopted. These will be forwarded to the
President at once. A delegation from
Alameda County was present at the meet-
Ing as speclalguests^^ . »
Veterans Thank President.
Miss Salisbury looked especially well
last Friday night at the cotillon In an
artistic gown of red crepe de chine wi|h
a garniture of red silk popples.
The buds at the Friday Fortnightlys
are delighted with the 1 prestige of Miss
Margaret Salisbury. They say she has
been out six seasons and still enjoys a
popularity -which shows no signs of -wan-
Ing. The debutantes of 1901 have good
reason to be optimistic.
J. W. Byrne returned last evening from
the Far East and everybody is glad to
see him back. Mr. Byrne will do every
thing in his power to make the coming
ball of the season a success, and we are
reasonably certain that he knows what
a good time is, inasmuch as he has been
playing golf with Andrew Carnegie; been
guest of honor at a dinner given by-
Mrs. John R. McLean; been guest at the
opera and feted, by Mrs. Robert Goelet;
at dinner with Jack Fallansbee, and at
tended balls given by. Mrs. Ogden Mills,
Mrs. Whitelaw Reid and Mrs. Astor. I
think we can afford to leave one social
success in his hands.
The Irresistible mardi gras Is close upon
us — close when we realize how much
thinking is yet to be done designing cos
tumes that will out-mardi gras everybody
else. The fact that the rule of last year
in regard to masking is unchanged means
that the men have lost another point,
since they had determined not ; to be so
handicapped without masks this season,
while those of the fair sex concealed their
identity to their hearts' content. A great
deal of pressure was brought to bear last
vear to point out to the committee the
error of its way, but the rule stood pat,
and on the night of the ball the dear
men stood askance in their dress suits,
wondering at their gloves and the ladies.
The latter, however, sallied up to th«
dress suits repeatedly with the most soul
stirring speeches, while the men had not
the faintest idea who was addressing
them and could only smile and say noth
ing. Still, how lovely for the ladies!
IRRESISTIBLE
MARDI GRAS IS
CLOSE UPON US
ONE of the grandest military balls
ever given in this city will take
place in Golden Gate Hall next
Friday night It will be given by
the Alumni Commissioned Of
ficers' Association of the University of
California, a part of the National Guard
of the State. Preparations have been
going on for the past two months. The
general committee is made up as follows:
Colonel George W. Bauer, commander of the
association; Lieutenant Colonel Charles H.
Murphy. Major Perclval Dolman. Major W. A,
Brewer, Captains William Jurgens, F. A. Den
icke and J. W. Miller and Lieutenants J. D.
Hatch. J. A. McGee. J. Gallagher and C. Schil
ling.
The following named We the patron
esses of this function:
Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Mrs. Pheb* A.
Colonel Geonre "W. Bauer, Colonel H. W.
Gibbons, Colonel J. R. Moulthrop. Colonel
George C. Edwards, Colonel J. K. Maffltt, Col
onel C. W. McConaughy. Lieutenant Colonel
W. A. Starr, Lieutenant Colonel M. R. Gib
bons, Lieutenant Colonel C A. Son. Lieuten
ant Colonel H. S. Robinson. Major Perclval
Dolman, Major N. Moran. Major G. Foulks.
Major W. Houston, Major H. B. Graham,
Major W. A. Brewer, Major Rex Sherer, Major
G. Allen. Major T. R. Fischer, Major R. H.
Collins. Major Philip R. Thayer. Captain Wil
liam Junrens, Castatn J. B. Metcalf. Captain
B. P. Miller, Captain H. P. Veeder, Captain
Oliver Dibble, Captain -F. A. Denicke, Captain
G. D. Klerulff. Captain R. L. Oliver, Captain
A. C. Babson. Captain Raymond Russ, Captain
H. Houston, Captain R. L. Logan, Captain J.
L. V. de Laveaga, Captain B. L. Quale, Cap
tain R. C. ZHLnlels. Captain Cartwrlrht. Cap
tain Tracy R. Kelley, . Captain J. E. Rainey,
Captain A. George. Captain E. L. Oliver. Cap
tain W. A. Foster, Captain Thomas TV. Mc-
Pherson. Car>tain Erst Denicke, Caotaln W.
F. Mooney. Captain W. W. Downer.. Captain
J. W. 8. Butler. Captain C* Carlson. Captain
P. L. Bush. Captain J. W. Millar. Captain H.
F. Peart. Captain D. E. Collins. Captain J.
White. Captain W. N. Bradley, Captain G. E.
de Golia, Captatn W. W. Fogg. Captain B. A.
Hammond, Captain J. D. Hoffman. Captain
W. E. Conlin. Captain G. Har«cer. : Captain R.
H. Kelley, Cantain N. Vanderbllt. Heutenant
J. McGee. Lieutenant G. F. Relnhardt, Lieu
tenant E. R Jackson. Lieutenant - Charles E.
Parcells, Lieutenant W. W. Everett. Lieuten
ant F. Dunn. Lieutnant J. Gallagher, Lieu
tenant C. SchUlin«r. Lieutenant E. F. Good
»f a , r \ Lleutenant R - Bender. Lieutenant H. A.
Melvln. Lieutenant W. Richardson, Lieuten
ant J. C. Meyersteln. Lieutenant F. Mulgrew.
Lieutenant " N. Vandcrbilt. Lieutenant E. \ H.
Pearce. Lieutenant George Gibbs, Lieutenant
w. H. Hilton, Lieutenant W. F. Neiman.
Lieutenant H. W. Crozier. Lieutenant V. Hen
derson Lieutenant Charles Beyler Jr.. Lieu
tenant H. B. Budd. Lieutenant E. Mumma.
&•"? an l . B# Sar R«>tteh. Lieutenant J. C.
McholK Lieutenant F. E. Howard. Lieuten
ant I. C. Allen, Lieutenant L. H. Earle. Lieu
tenant J D. Hatch. Lieutenant C. Turner.
Lieutenant Fred Lowell.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Major General W R
Shafter, U. S. A.; Lieutenant Colonel M P.
Maus, U. S. A.; Colonel C. H. Murphy, N. G.
C; Major J. E. Millar, N. G. C.J Captain S.
A. Clornan. U. S. A.: Captain F. L. Winn U.
S. A.; Captain H. de H. Walte U. S. # A.;
Captain P. Hayne, U. S. V.; Captain P. RHey
C S. V. : Captain T. A. Nerney. Naval Militia
of California; Professors M. Haskell. E. O'Neill
W. B. Rising. C. Stringham. A. Putzker, F.
Soule. W. E. Magee, A. O. Leuchner, W. D.
Armes. H. Senger, C. L. Cory. W. * Setchell
and S. B. Christy of the University of Cali
fornia; Mr. James Sutton, Mr. John Mitchell.
Mr. C. J. Bauer and Resent E. A. Denicke
University of California; Mr. L. Hunt. Mr. R.
Phelps. Mr. G. Colby. Captain Charles Jansen.
N. G. C; Lieutenant Colonel Charles Boxton,
N. G. C. (retired.)
The membership roll has upon it the fol
io wing names:
The Alumni Association consists of the
commissioned officers of the regiment of
cadets of the University of Cali/ornla,
who have graduated and have been re
tired Into the National Guard of Califor
nia, ranking from second lieutenant to
colonel. The association was organized
with eighty members in September, 1900,
and the membership is now 175: Colonel
Bauer, the commander at this time, is
commander of the naval militia of this
State and is also a prominent member of
a number of fraternal organizations, in
each of which he Is an officer.
The honorary members of the organiza
tion are: • /
Major General S. M. B. .Youngr U. S. A.;
Major General W. R. Shatter, U S. A. (re
tired); General Babcock, U. S. A.; Captain F.
L. Winn, U. S. A.; Captain H. de H. Waite,
U. S. A.; Rear Admiral Glass. U S. N. ; Com
manders C. M. Thomas, J. B. Milton, J. F
Moser, Lieutenant Commanders Simon Cook,
A. W. Dodd, A. C. Almy, Lieutenant G. W.
Burrage, Ensign C. R. Milieu Past Assistant
Surgeon J. E. Page, Assistant Surgeon U. R.
Webb and Paymaster H. P. Insley, U. S. N. :
Lieutenants H. H. Kipp and Roosevelt. U. S.
M. C. ; Governor H. ¦ T. Gage, General George
Stone, adjutant general, and Colonel N. 8.
Bangham. assistant adjutant general, N. G. C. ;
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Boxton, U. S. V. ;
Colonel F. E. Beck, Colonel Wlnslow Anderson,
Colonel T. J. Crowley. Major George Flllmer,
Captain Charles Jansen and officers of Troop
A, N. G. C; Captain T. A. Nerney, command-
Ing the Naval Militia of California, and officers
of the U. S. S. Marlon; Captain L. Turner, N.
M. C. (retired); Captain Herman Schaffner.
Lieutenant J. Mel. U. S. R. C. S., and A. K.
Coney. Consul for Mexico
Invitations to the ball have been accept
ed by many prominent officers -of - the
army, navy and National Guard. , Among
those who. have accepted are:
Hearst, Mrs. A. O. Leuchner, Mrs. I. Strln*
ham. Mrs. Waiter Magee and Mrs. F. A. Den
icke.
MAN WHO IS AT THE HEAD OF
THE ALUMNI COMMISSIONED
OFFICERS' ASSOCIATION.
The sodalities attached. to the Jesuit
church of St. Ignatius are perfecting
plans for the erection of a new building
to accommodate their growing needs. This
project has been under consideration for
some time, but now it is assuming defi
nite shape. At the sodality mass yester
day morning Rev. Father Hickey, spir
itual director of the organization, ex
plained the nature and scope of what It
was proposed to do. A lot has been do
nated by the Very Rev. John P. Frieden,
superior of the Jesuits on this coast, on
the corner of Hayes and Franklin streets
Upon this it is the intention to erect a
structure that in every respect will be
worthy- of the purpose for which It Is to
be used and also stand as a monument to
the zeal and piety of the members.
First, it will contain a chapel, sum
ciently large to meet all requirements. It
will be the endeavor to make it the most
beautiful one in the city. The ladies and
gentlemen will share the chapel Jointly.
Next will be a library and reading room.
At the present time the sodalities have a
very fine library, but on account of ihe
constant addition of new books the sheiv
ingf capacity is Insufficient. It Is the .ob
ject to make the .— rary one of the most
select and well-appointed in the posses
sion of any similar institution.
In the general plan the younger mem
bers wil not be overlooked. There will be
a billiard room and a gymnasium up to
date in every detail, where they may
spend their time in a perfectly healthful
and moral atmosphere.
The cost • is estimated at about $60,COu.
Both sodalities have , a. membership of
1500. Each member Is pledged for a cer
tain amount monthly. It is expected
everything will be ready to begin build
ing in the very near future. Father
Hickey is being ably assisted in supervis
ing the details of the plan by Father Cal
zia, director of the Ladles' Sodality, and
James R. Kelly, prefect of the Gentle
men's Sodality.
St. Ignatius to Have
Fine Home.
Those Connected With
NEW STRUCTURE
FOR SODALITIES
Each of Erin's thirty-two counties will
be represented at the fair by some special
feature. - An attempt will be made to
represent the work, achievements, home
life and customs of the Irish people. The
fair will probably last a week, and each
night an interesting and instructive pro
gramme of Gaelic songs, speeches and
recitations will be rendered. The fair
will be given on an " elaborate scale and
a large hall, probably the Mechanics'
Pavilion, will be secured.
The alumnae of St. Peter's Convent
held a meeting yesterday afternoon and
decided to do everything in their power
to make the festival a memorable suc
cess. The young ladies voted to work in
conjunction with the sisters of the con
vent, so that by their combined efforts a
more attractive and extensive display
might be made. The sisters are planning
to give a garden party in order to raise
money to defray the expense of their ex
hibit. All the societies of St. Peter's
Church, including the League of the
Cross, will -assist in the fair, and outside
talent will be secured. The parishioners
claim that this is the first time that a
real Irish fair has ever been contemplat
ed In this city, and they intend to make
the festival one that will not soon be
forgotten. ' *
The parishioners of St Peter's Catholic
Church on Alabama street, near Twenty
fourth are contemplating the holding of
a grand Irish fair for the purpose of rais
ing sufficient money to liquidate the
church debt. The proposition was sug
gested for the first time yesterday morn
ing at the 10:30 o'clock mass .but already
preparations are under headway. Plans
are not yet fully matured, but the par
ishioners intend to make the festival a
brilliant affair, fully commensurate with
the fame of the Irish people as enter
tainers. ' • .
Will Try to Secure Money to
Lift the Church In
debtedness.
St.' Peter's Parishioners
Arrange to Give an
Irish Fair. .
NOVEL FESTIVAL
TO RAISE FUNDS
5
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIj, MONDAY, :t JANUARY 20, 1902.
Alumni Officers' Association Will Give a
BrilJant Ball at Golden Gate Hail.
INVITATIONS PROMPTLY
ACCEPTED BY REGULARS
LOS ANGEL.ES/ Jan. , 19.— Bowery, Boy.
the ..San -. Francisco , greyhound, \ won .the
final' to-day at the coursing park ¦, In the
thirty- two-dog open*", stake, beating - Mol-~
He Haskins. "Warship and -Hot : Haste
were « not entered. . Ben • Kir by , the other
San : Francisco dog here, lost In the sec
ond round. ¦ .«'--
This signature Is oa every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabieu:
th'« remedy that cares a cold In one' daji
AI>VERTISEBIENTS.
EILERS
PIANO
COMPANY,
645 MARKET STREET,
San Francisco. Cal.
BIG PIANO BARGAINS.
A NUMBER OF NEW PIANOS AT
ALMOST HALF-PRICE .
JUST A FEW OF THEM. DON'T PUT OFr
COMING IF TOU WAKT OXE. KAST
MOXTHLT PATMEXTE CAS BE
ARRANGED FOR IF DE-
SIRED.
During this week we wish to dispose
cf Mverai new sample upright pianos, and to
get them all out of the way before Inventory,
feb. let. we offer them «t a. tremendous re-
fiucticn from regular retail prices.
For 1145, payable cash, or $% flown and $10
a month, we will 6ell you to-day a better
and In every way more serviceable piano than
you can buy elsewhere for $250.
.And lor 5186 we oCer choice of several new
larse Else walnut or mahogany cased upright
pianos, such as could not regularly be sold for
less than $300.
Two very fine toned, but somewhat plain
cased. strictly high-crade uprights will go
Monday for $235 and $242 each. Pay $25 down
and $10 a month. These pianos are worth al-
most double what we ask for them.
One rr.ahogEny. one oak and two most beau-
tifully xnottied walnut, very hlgrhest grade
pi&noa. that cannot ordinarily be obtained for
less than $500, will be sold to close out quickly
for $318, same terms as above.
Also one very choice figured Enrllsh oak
cabinet crand at almost $200' less than what
this or tame grade instrument can be obtained
for ordinarily 4n this or any other city.
GB J K fl ffb. Ammunition and Sporting
F Pdl IL a G°°ds. Largest Stock. Low-
it H thS eEt Prl ces. Until close of
9 ' B V? B ¦ hunting season will offer
\t V ¥ty runs at reduced prices.
Send for catalogue.
SEEEVE k BAEBEE CO..
728 BUrket Bt and 511 Kenny St
liAD WAV'S :BKAJ)T;beueP has stood
unrivaled before the public for CO years as a
Pain Bemedy. It lnstanUy relieves and quickly
"«nres all Colds, Sore- Throats. Innuenza Bron'
chlUs, Pneumonia... Xllieumatlsm, Neuralgia
Headache. Toothache 'and 'all pain. Internally
'tat XUlarta and all Bo w*l -Pains. AU drucclsts.
.. . -i- <i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tbls algnatara la oa erery box of the geauln*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine T*bie*»
tb-4 rasod/ tlw( aorta • «tM to» mm tfa»
&0/$*zrtJ
I Should ¦ Writo to Mrs* Plnkhant, Lynn* fiffass. P i
i. for Advlco— It Is .Absolutely Froo and Has*
I Restored Thousands of Women to Healthm 1
I All Letters Are Sacredly Confidential and No Names Are Published WitKo\xt Special Per- p
I mission of the Writer —All Letters Are Received, Opened and Answered by Women j
I Only.— Dvirihg the Last 2O Years Mrs. PinKham Has Gained a Greater Knowledge Eg
H Regarding' Female Ills Than Any Other Person, and is Consequently Better Qualified j|
|| to Advise and Guide SicK Women. \ ' : >^; ! ||
i iWe+tt Pinhham p 3Z Four Letters Showing the RosuH of Mrs* 1
I sJ^ . KnS *"l& Pinkham's Advice. -Thousands Moro of |
I Standing inWltatmn* the Same Kind Are on File In Hen Office \\
H In addressing Mrs. Pinkham you are confiding your . ... . .. ... .K
I «^.,«t. ;il» +a -. m«'«»« « ¦ n r A ~.,,« .~rW~;._ _«-__•:_..__: " Dbab Mbs. Pdtkham : — I have been for some years a great sufferer K|
m private HIS tO a WOman— a WOman Whose experience in and thought I -would write and explain my case to yon as you had helped K
H fTM'rincr woman's Hivawis trr^ter rhan that of anv Hvinir so many others. Menstruation is irregular and rery painluL I have suf- H
M treating woman s diseases is greater tnan tnat or any living f ered ith painful periods for ten years but t pains grow worse as I Eg
If physician — male or female. ' grow older. - . < fl
»—>..'/., ... . " I suffer most with my back, lower part of abdomen and left side. 'I ft
g IOU Can talK ireely tO a WOman When It IS revolting have been flowing all the month and a part of August, not constantly, but g|
tJ i . • - . ¦ . ¦ '• ¦ 1 1 i i • j • will stop for two or three days and then begin again. . . Sti
| tO relate your private trou Dies to a man^-besiaes a man •« The doctor says I have misplacement of the womb. I have bearing- 1
H does not understand— «;imn1v tipraii«5^ he i<i a man \ down pains when passing urine, and my abdomen is very, badly swollen I
g aoes not understand Simply Decause ne IS a man. n and TO^ e piease Jdyise me at your earliest convenience." — Uss. A. V. I
w Many women suffer in silence and drift along from Scott, 21 Page St., Kingston, Pa. (Sept. 30, 1900.) a
B had to worse knowino- fnii well that th pv ono-h t tn have " Dear Mbs. PnrKtfAM: — When I wrote to yon asking advice no one I
H paa to worse, Knowing run well tnat tney ougnt to nave conld describe my su ff e ring. The doctors said 1 could not be relieved un- 1
fl immediate assistance, but a natural modesty impels them l ess I na^ an operation performed, but thanks to you and your medicine E
M , ( , 1 « 1 • 1 • 1 P°* a l° n g without having the dreaded operation. I have taken tenH
=. M tO shnnk from exposing themselves to the questions and bottles of your medicine and «n once more well and happy. Lydia E. |i
|1 t t 1 • J- r u • r -i "" V • • Ti Pinkhanvs Vegetable Compound is a fine medicine and a God-send H
g probably examinations of even their family physician. It to suffering women. I trust my letter may be the means of bringing §1
I is unnecessary. Without money or price you can .consult i S^^Sg^^ ( JJT^Si3 rl^ d ' U -"" MM - V ' SCOTr ' 1
I a woman whose knowledge ffom actual experience is «• Dkab Mrs.Pikkham :— Some time ago I wrote yon that my regular phy- m
m oreater than anv local nhv<:irian Trie follow? no- invitafion ' sicianhad made an examination and told me I was afflicted with a tumor in E
g greater tnan any local pnysiCian. 1 ne iOllOWing invitation my wom b. I had backache, headache, bearing-down pains, and very pro- Q
M 1^ freely Offered ; accept it in the Same Spirit. fuse menstruation. My limbs would achej bo f could not sleep^and Iwas g
m i L. . r r . ?.' very weak and nervons. I was bloated from my head to my feet. After H
I Women suffenng from any form of female weakness receiving your letter I took lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- a
t • :* a +~ J ¦ ¦---¦¦'.'¦¦- -.\ iv>r 1 tT pound and Blood Purifier and followed all the rest of vour advice as K
I are lnyitedto promptly communicate With Mrs. Pinkham near as I could, and the tumor was expeUed in pieces, and I regained my fk
1 *.* T «.«¦« !\/Ta*» ' All lil<..M .» •a/.ai'Tra^ »««a M o<4 ~*.~A~~A natural size. I continued . taking your Vegetable Compound for a while §3
| at Lynn, Mass. All letters are received, opened, read and longe rand felt like a new wo nan. I cannot thank yoi enough forvour §
1 answered by women only. A woman can freely talk of ' S n * t^™** »? d wha * 7°™ medicine did for me. It certainly saved my g
B . .:. - J , , ,, -life." — Mas. Peblet S. WiLUts, Vershxre, VL pA
| her private illness to a woman; thus has been established ..t^^mbs. Pzhkham:- One year ago I read a letter in apapertcllfag i
I the eternal confidence: between -Mrs. Pinkham and the how much good one woman had derived from Lydia B. Flnkham's g
m r a ? i • , ... , , A 1 /• Vegetable Compound. I hid been sick all winter and was nearly dis- g
H women or America which has never been broken. Out of couraged, as the medicine the doctor gave me did me no good. I had kidney H
H «.u« , rnt ,4- ,rn1,, m » ' «'r '•"•'-* iL'i: u i. '*. j £l. complaint, leucorrhcea, itching, bearing-down feeling, and painful men- pa
m thC Vast VOlume Of CXpencnCC which she has tO draw from, 1 Btruation. I wrote to you describing my trouble and sootTreceived an W
I it is more than possible, that she has gained the very know- Ki^S^^ I
M ledge that will help your case. She asks nothing in return Wasn , and one box of Liver Pills. I am well now, do not have those sick If
• |8 •¦' - •.-,° •••¦••-. j -I, Vi - '• i ' 1- -, spells at the monthly period, but can work aU day, and that I never could H
ffl eXCept yOUr gOOd-Wlll, and her advice has relieved thousands. do until I began taking the Compound. I cannot praise the Compound too B
m „ . -- . . . . ":"r. * r i- i «r V highly. I do hope every suffering woman will learn of your remedies and H
gj burely any woman, ncn or poor, IS yery lOOllSh it She does be cured, as I have been. Iwist all success to the Compound ; ithasdone H
j .not take advantage ofVthis generous offer. S^te OhicT 6 nA '' 1 " thankfuL "- MBS - Berlin |
I LYDIA E. PINKHALW'S VEGETABLE' COMPOUND A
g Has i restored more women to healtli than any other medicinethie druggists^have ever sold — If outsells all other medicines for female ills two to H
H ¦ „ /I: one— Therefore it must be > unequalled. '• Accept no substitute. HScore.
Pitcher Forces in the
Run That Ties the .
WYATT LEE, pitcher for; the ;•
• Nationals, lost the baseball .
game for his team yesterday,
at Recreation Park. He /,
seemed to lose all control of
the ball in the eighth and ninth innings,
sending three men to first on called balls
in the former and four in the latter. This
forced Bradley home with the run that
tied the score. Almost Immediately Ir
win ecored on a passed ball, the All-
ALL AMERICANS WIN LAST GAME
FROM THE NATIONAL LEAGUES
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Polni;
the height of tide- Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
On their last meeting at San Rafael
Smith and MacGavin won handily. They
again downed their opponents yesterday,
but only after a close struggle. The
score in favor of Smith and MacGavin
was 9-7, 6-1, 5-7. The winners could have
won by a much larger margin had they
resorted to "lobbing" more. The first set
was exceedingly close, but^in the second
set Collier and Crowell did not figure at
all. Smith and MacGavin had a lead of
4-1 in the last set, but eased up and their
opponents, taking heart, won out, 7-5.
The features of the match were the terri
fic smashing of Smith, and MacGa%'in's
swift and well-placed drives.
MacGavin and James Code also beat
Collier and Crowell, the score being 7-5. .
In a long contest Percy Williams and
Frank Stnngham beat Sidney Salisbury
and George Whipple, the score being
6-4. 4-6, 6-3. 7-5. Whipple and Stringham
then Joined forces and beat Salisbury and
Williams two sets out of three. The score
was 6-4, 6-4, 3-6.
Charles Kuehn and A. Duncan beat
John Gibson and Clyde Be'al, 6-1, 6-2, 8-6.
Dr. Lane and James MacKenzle beat H.
Punnett and J. A. Code, 6-2, 7-5. Punnett
and MacKenzle beat Dr. Lane and Leon
ard Wood, 7-5, 6-2.
In singles the' most interesting match
was between Collier and Crowell. When
darkness set in each had won a set b-4.
C. G. Kuehn beat Jack Gibson 6-2, 6-8,
€-3. Dr. Lane beat J. MacKenzle 6-1. C.
Beal beat A. Duncan 6-4. Chet Smith
and Frank Hooper played the largest set
of the day, the score being 13-11 in Hoop
er's favor. The latter plays a remark
able game for a novice.
PLYMOUTH— PaEsed Jan 19— Stmr Minne
apolis, from New York, for London.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Jan 1<J— Stmr Tauric.
from ICew York. Sailed Jan 19 — Stmr Llvo
nian, from Glasgow, for St. Johns.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr , Menom
inee, from .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Sax
onia, from Baston. for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. Sailed Jan 19 — Stmr Umbria, from
Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Jan 19 — Stmr Ken
sington, from Antwerp, for New York.
The match between Drummond Mac-
Gavin and Grant Smith and WVB. Collier
and H. W. Crowell was the best of the
day. These teams are the cleverest in
the city barring the champion Whitney
brothers, and followers of the game have
long been desirous of seeing them come
together.
Despite the fact that the California
Tennis Club courts did not dry until after
noon yesterday, many players were out
and some good matches were indulged in.
As but three courts were available play
was confined i chiefly to doubles.
Courts of the California Club
Are Crowded With '
Players.
MacGavin and Smith
Win From Collier
and Crowell.
TEKNIS PLAYERS
IN FAST MATCH
MONDAY, JANUARY 20.
50-yard race — T. Sunberg first and J. Erasmy
second. .Diving for plates — J.' Erasmy first and
J. McClosky second. Tub race — A. Sunberg
first. A. Ott second. H. Fomeroy third. 100
yard race — T. Sunbergr first. J. Erasmy second.
Springboard dlvingr — J. Driscoll first. F. Mc-
Carthy second. - High . diving — H; Pf uhl first,
W. Carroll second. "
The swimming and diving contests at
Sutro Baths yesterday resulted as fol
lows:
Swimmers at Sutro's.
Troop A, First Cavalry, National Guard of
California, monthly medal shoot — H. L. Det
rlck 45, Sergeant H. . B. Taylor 46, Sergeant
G. Riddock 42. J. Ritchie 42, E. Settledge 43,
A. J. Klung 41, H. Hansen 33. "W. S. Hug
gins 29. B. Cniikshank 32, F. Thomason 42, L.
McKlnley 46, H. Honltby 37, G. W. Pape 42.
C. Nico'-al 43. W. Davis 30, Conjoral P. H.
Ralne 40, E. McKarley 43, H. Gallagher 31.
Lieutenant E. A. Pierre 40, Lieutenant E. H.
Carr 41. G. Hansen 19. W. Spanhake 25, Ser
geant J. P. E. • Spaar 3G, W. Rogers 32. H.
Keller 44. S. C. Wafer 29, Sergeant R. C.
Greenlnger 41, T. Carlln 35. C. A. Becker 60,
A. J. Henry 45, E. A. Schmidt 37, L. Plage
mann 10, Corporal T. Lehmann 39, Corporal
H. C. Puckhaber 33, Captain C. Jansen 32, R.
Gercke 37.
Company B, First Infantry. National Guard
of California— Lieutenant \V. N. Kelly. 30.
Lieutenant John O'Keeffe 37, Sereeant H.
Evans, XI. Comoral George Spooner 24, Au
gust Hoffman 40, Joseph Myers 30, George
Steffans 38, H. T. Lally Jr. 33, C. Crelghton
32, Roy Young 32, Geoi%e Sullivan 30, ».
Casey 1*0, Bert Fanning 22. W. Keenan 21,
E. D. Sturgis 19, Edward Knottner 18. James
McNess 17, Otto Marx 15, John Fitzpatrick 15.
W. Baker 15. E. Bertrand 14, T. C HelUn 7,
L. Knottner 5, V. K. Lowe 4, F. L. Bordenave
3, Corporal A. Wagner 3.
C. Orton 12 S 3
P. Gilman 24 20 22
E. Grey 10 17 10
B. McLeod 15 19 0
C. Smith 10 24 23
C. A. Becker,- Troop A,' First Cavalry,
carried off the honors of the day by mak
ing a clean score on the man-target with
the regulation army revolver. Becker ac
complished the feat once before, at one of
last year's shoots, and Dr. T. W. B. Le
land of the naval militia has also made
the possible score. The other crack re
volver shots of the National Guard have
still an opportunity to Improve their rec
ords.
Company A, Fifth Infantry, and Com
pany B, First Infantry, were the other
organizations present.
The day's scores follow:
COMPANY A, FIFTH INFANTRY, NA
TIONAL UUARD OF CALIFORNIA.
Yards
.Name — 200. UOO. 500.
Captain E. Hunt 17 0 11
Lieutenant J. Ellis.*. 12 IS 18
Lieutenant F. Peterson. 12 15 10
Sergeant C. Cron.... ;. 23 7 ltf
Sergeant S. C. B. Kins .... '£* 17 18
Sergeant J. Willlard 20 15 8
Sergeant P. York 10 19 23
Corporal A. Poulter ...10 15 »
Corporal A. Grey ....18 20 10
Corporal L. C. Francis 15 15 5
J. Depoy 8 11 6
A. Thelin 20 18 5
Musician Herman 17 4 S
P. Soderstrand 10 ' 10 10
W. Grey 4 lo 0
C. Lancaster . .'. 21 17 9 i
The shooting at Shell Mound range yes
terday was confined to tne regular month
ly medal contests of organizations of the
National Guard of California.
' Target.
__
Becker Makes the Possible
RevolverScore on Man
Exciting Contests Held
at Shell Mound
xtanges.
NATIONAL GUARD
MONTHLY SHOOT
IMPRESSIONS GLEANED BY
CARTOONIST WARREN- YES
| TERDAY. ¦
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
NOTE — In the. above exposition of the tides
th« «arly morning tides are given In the lert
hand column and the successive tided of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
Eometlme3 occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except wnen a minus ( )
Eign precedes the height, and then the numbei
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean oi
the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
CARDIFF — Arrived Jan 18 — Nor Etmr Hero
fram Tacoma, via St. Vincent.
VICTORIA — Arrived Jan 18 — Nor stmr Ti
tanla. hence Jan 14; Ger stmr Denderah,
hence Jan 15. for Nanalmo; stmr Queen,
hence Jan 16. . Sailed Jan 39 — Br schr Favor
ite, for eeallncr cruise.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Geor
ria, from Genoa and Naples: stmr Mesaba,
from London, Rotterdam and Bologna.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE: — Arrived Jan IS — Stmr Progreso
hence Jan 15: Jan 19— Simr Queen, hence Jan
16. Felled Jaa 19 — Stmr City of Puebla. for
San Francisco; Br ship Nelson, for U K
PORT TOWN-SEND— Passed in Jan lS^Schr
Muriel, from Honolulu. Arrived Jan 19 Aus
rtrar Maxeherita, from Nagasaki. Sailed Jan
IS— Schr \V. H. Talbot, for Shanghai.
NEAH BAY — Passed out Jan 19 — Aus stmr
Maria, for San Diego; U. S. stmr U. S. Grant
for cruise.
EUREKA — Bailed Jan 19 — Stmr Pomona;
echr Bsrbara Hernster, for San Francisco.
Sunday. January 19.
Stmr Geo. Loomie, Briagett, Ventura,
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Eureka, Jcssen, Eureka.
Stmr John S. Kimball, Thwing, Seattle.
Ship Kennebec. Lane, Fort Townsend.
Bark Coloma. Beck. Callao.
Bark Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu.
Schr Ocean Spray, PJagren. Bihler* Point.
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan. M — 10 p. m. — Weather
clear; wind northeast; velocity 8 miles per
hour. . . .
MEMORANDUM.
Per echr Forest Home— Had a Fucceeelon
of westerly gales for 24 days, with very high
confused seas, filling the decks with water.
Blew away main and foresails and carried
away fore can*.
Por bark Ka tula ni— Sailed from Honolulu
pe?. 31. Had a strong ga> from SW, with
high, confused sea and terrific squalls, Jan 9
32.24 N*. 147.60 W, wind shifting very sudden
ly to X\V, with strong squalls.
SAILED.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zadflart, 77 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound for San Pedro. Put in
to laM passengers.
Sttnf \Ve«U>ort, Erickson, 26 hours from
Port Harford.
Schr Volant, Halvesen, 8 days from Astoria.
Schr Forest Home, Kallenberg-, 32 days from
Hakodate.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
d>g*.
Schr Confianza. Olsen, 2 days from Point
Arena,
AURIVED.
Sunday, January 19.
Stmr Kational City. DetUnerB. 15 hours
from Fort Bracz.
Stmr State of California, Swanson, 40 hours
from San Diejro.
Etmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Stinr W. H. Ktukct. Krug, 43 hours from
Shipping Intelligence.
The Roanoke came down from Vallejo
yesterday and docked at Steuart-street
wharf, where the damage wrought by the
recent fire in her coal cargo will be re
paired.
Roanoke Docks at Steuart Street.
The schooner Forest Home reached port
yesterday from Hakodate, somewhat the
worse for her battle with a succession of
¦westerly grales. Captain Kallenberg re
ports that his decks were continuously
lilled with water. The wind blew away
i he main and foresails and carried away
the foregaff. The Forest Home was thir
ty-two days from port to port.
Storm Damages Forest Home/
The Pacific Mall steamship Algoa, the
largest carrier on this coast, will sail to
morrow for Tacoma, where a large cargo
for Manila awaits her. The cargo at Ta
coma includes fcOOO tons of flour and more
than 1,000,000 feet of lumber.
Algoa Sails on Tuesday.
The new bark Kauilani, which arrived
from Honolulu Saturday evening, had a
rough passage. A heavy gale blew almost
throughout the trip, and a succession of
nasty squalls added to the discomfort
aboard. She carried as passengers Mr.
and Mrs. Brinley, Mrs. Somers and
Messrs. Van Lenvan, Von Arnsmaldt, Op
litz and Shore. She left Honolulu Decem
ber 3L
Kauilani Had Rough Trip.
The smashed-in nose of the French bark
Max was the star attraction yesterday
along the water front. From early morn
ing until sundown there was an enormous
crowd at the foot of Howard street exam
ining the torn and twisted prow and tell
ing over again and again the.story of the
Walla Walla disaster.
Max Attracts Crowds.
The American ship Kennebec sailed yes
terday for Port Townsend, where she will
load cargo for Boston. Captain Lane,
who recently assumed charge of the Ken
nebec, was for a number of years In com
mand of the steamship Valencia. Lane
declares that he has had all the steam
boating he wants for some time. The
Kennebec will be the Lane home for some
time to come. Mrs. Lane will accompany
the captain on his ocean wanderings after
lucrative charters.
Kennebec Commences Long Voyage.
H. M. S. Phaeton is preparing to pro
ceed from Victoria in search of the miss-
Ing Condor. She will leave Esqulmalt
January 24. In view of the Condor's non
appearance navy people are recalling the
criticism .made after the vessel's voyage
from England to the North Pacific sta
tion by her officers and crew. She had a
verv rough time of it, and according to
manv of the letters written to England
by those aboard her proved anything but
a handy sea boat She is a new sWp, this
being her maiden commission. She car
ries about 140 men, and if the next steam
ship from Honolulu brings no word of her
arrival the British naval authorities will
be seriously disturbed.
Phaeton to Search for Condor.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
new steamship Spokane came down from
the Union Iron Works yesterday all ready
for her trial trip, which will take place
to-morrow week. While not a handsome
craft the Spokane has been constructed
•with up-to-date regard for the comfort
of passengers, and will be a valuable ad
dition to the Alaska fleet. The work of
furnishing the new vessel will be com
menced right away, and she will be ready
to ¦so into commission eooh after her trial
trip.
British Cruiser Phaeton to
Search for Condor— Big
Cargo for Algoa.
New Passenger Vessel Is
Almost Ready for
Trial Trip.
SPOKANE LEWES
THE IRON WORKS
FAREWELL APPEARANGE OF EASTERN BALL PLAYERS
- -¦-¦ :¦•¦¦>¦¦-¦ ¦ • - ¦ ¦¦ V " •¦ ' -¦ •¦.-¦•••¦¦,¦',-.•,:• •¦.:¦¦-: ... ¦ ¦ "¦ -¦ - - ¦ . - . •
THE SAN FRANCISCOv CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1902.
FROM SEATTLE.
Trunks and Valises.
Another carload . . of N Trunks, '. Valises,
Dress Suit Cases, Traveling Sets 1 at . our
famous 'carload prices.- kinds of leath
er goods in this ; department' lettered in
gold letters, free of charge. Sanborn.'.Vail
& Co., 741 Market street.-' 4 ;. :^. -. :
The Midwinter Amateur -Baseball
League teams played, 'the third set of
games in the tournament for : the cham
pionship and a $200t*ophy yesterday af
ternoon • at the Presidio athletic grounds.
The ' four teams of the league competed
with the following results : v Midgets < 7;
Tremonts 4;; Dan P. Carters' 13, Bush
nclls 3* ¦ ' ¦ * , ¦ . " : * ¦ -, -^ .¦"-'.'"¦ ',-¦¦ ''.'"¦¦ > *'¦ " ' . .
Amateur Baseball League Games,
Firet race — Racivo. Nellie Holton, Dr. Boyle.
Second race — Novia, ' Katherlne Ennis, Invic
tus. ' ..•."-¦.¦.. J
Third race—^Adirondack, Venecia, Past r Mas
ter. . ¦ ' ¦'¦¦•.•..¦•,¦
Fourth race — Jim Hale, Artilla, Dariene. . •;
Fifth race— Herculean, King Dellis, Grand
Sachen. '
Sixth race — Duckoy, Sir . Hampton, Sweet
Tooth. ¦ - " •
Selections for To : D«y.
= Open stake "No. .1." secondiround — George
Nethereotfs ¦ Freda C beat . George Sharman's
Little Sister, 6-3; C."~W. . Bonar's Wild Norah
beat A. :R.'. Curtis' Loyal ¦ Lad, 12-6; C. O.
Peterson's ¦ Silver 2 Cloud ¦ beat t Pasha • Kennels'
Roman ' Athlete,; ¦¦ 8-5: --A.~ Vanderwhite's • Lear
King, beat T. , J.- Cronin's '.Vandal,-' 6-2: George
Sharman's " Black • Flush beat K. : Reddy's s Full
Moon. 1 12-10 ;, H. Lynch' s Merrimac beat T. iJ.
Cronin's \Tralee Boy, 7-0; «; Pasha Kennels'
Royal Archer , beat 1 - F. Jones" Harlean Gladys,
11-4 ; i George ¦ Sharman' s • Firm I Fellow I beat i A.
R.- Curtis' Narcissus. -7-6; E-. Geary's -Fenll
beat : C.-> O.> Peterson's i Haphazard, 8-4 ; - A.r R. |
Curtis' '-War -Ragle : 4 beat * Chlarini ' Brothers'
.Tame Tralee,"' 8-2; = H. H.- Gray's. Rona beat^A.
U: Xurtis'r Vulcan,-, 10-5;. Sterl- &':Knowles'
C. W. ¦ Bonar's Wild Norah won the
stake of better class, and by- her succes
sive victories made it unpleasant", for the
backers of favorites. ' In three of" the four
courses in which Wild Norah was a con
testant/she was against dogs that were
figured to. defeat- her. Despite the opin
ion of the form student^ Bonar"s courser
showed the way to her opponents, and by
clever, work earned a position In the final.
After leading and beating Loyal Lad, a
'3 to 5 choice, "in the second 'round, Norah
was slipped with Freda C." , Nethercott's
fast one caught* the fancy of the talent
arid .was quoted choice at 1 to 3. . Norkh
beat her by a pointln ashorttrial. The
next' course f found ; her a , favorite over.
Lear . King, which , was disposed , of quite
handily. , In the semi-final *>¦ Norah ¦ was
drawn with :, Merrimab, a fast youngster
and a strong choice for stake; honors.
Two to one were, the odds offered that
Merrimac would get the flag. The ad
mirers of ; Bonar's dog responded j and a
heavy : play resulted." The . short endCr
outworked her ¦'. younger opponent ; and
won by a score of 13 to 9. .
After ', this • course War Eagle, - a well
played j choice for the stake, was beaten
by. Rona: at odds of 1 to 2. .The trial was
a severe one and Rona showed its effects.
It was - deemed ¦ best to withdraw her.
Wild ' Norah thfc ! stake by default.'
- Following ¦' are the. day's resufcs, ;with
Judge John Grace's official ; scores: .-.',- ;
.. The final rounds 'of the two' stakes that
served as the.attractionfor Union Cours
ing Park patrons yesterday, were replete
with good sport; and brought out many
interesting trials. > . ¦ ' ! ¦
Default of Rona Gives
Bonar's Courser the
Stake.
HONORS ARE WON
BY WILD NORAH
Beckley, McHale and Sullivan were
among those greeted kindly. ¦
The players will leave for their homes
at once. Work on the remodeling of
Recreation Pank will be commenced soon,
so that everything will be in readiness for
the opening of the next season in April.
The make-up of the teams will not be
known for some time, but each manager
promises, a stronger aggregation than
represented him during the past season.
The score: ¦
ALL- AMERICAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering, 1. f ...3 1 0 10 0 0
Barrett, c.f. ..2 0 1 1, 4 0 0
Mercer, -2b.... .. 3 0 1113 1
Lajoie, lb......: .3 0 0 . 0 17 0 0
Davis; c. 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Bradley, 3b... 3 10 0 O 6 O
Irwin, s. s 3 1 i O O 3 5 0
Fraser, r. f 4,0 0 0 0 0 0
Bernhard, p......... 3 1 1; 1 0 4 0
Totals 28 4 3 4 27 19 1
¦ NATIONALS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. f... 4 l' 21500
Hulen, 3b...... 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Mertes, 2b.......i... 3 2 2 1 2 2 0
Lee, p 4 0 1 0 2 1 0
Beckley. lb.. '....... 4 0 3 0 10 0 0
Steinfeldt, e. s...:.. 4 OOO 0 4 0
McHale, 1. f. 4 0 0 "0 1:0 O
Sullivan, c 4 O O 0 1 O ' O
Schmidt, r. f...\ .... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 34* 3 8 2 *25 9 0
•Man out when winning run was scored. r
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ,
Nationals .........10 1 0,0 0 0 .1 0 — 3
Base hits...: 2 .1 "2 O 0 1 0 2 O — 8
All-Americas .....0 0 1 0 0 00.1 2— 1
Base hits 1/0. 2 00 0 0 0 0—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Bernhard > 3, Lee 3.
Two-base hits — Lee, Bernhard, Mertes. Sacri
fice hit — Hulen. First base on errors — Nation
als 1. First, base on called balls — All-Ameri
cas 7, Nationals 1. Left on bases — All-Ameri
cas 8, Nationals 6. Struck out — By Bernhard
1, by Lee 1.. Hit by pitcher — Lajoie. Passed
ball — Sullivan. Time of game — 1:15. Umpire
— J. • McDonald. Official scorer — Harry Cash
man. ' '
Freeze Out beat D. J. Healey's Elista, 4-0;
E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat B. Sllva's Mas
ter Rocket. 17-7. - ¦
Third round — Wild Norah beat Freda C. 3-2:
Lear King beat Silver Cloud, .8-6; Merrlmac
beat . Black Flush, 12-5; Firm Fellow beat
ROyal Archer. 7-«>; War Eagle beat Fenii, 6-0;
Rona beat Freeze Out, 8-6; Bonnie Pasha a
bye. . .. , .: : ' . . ¦, ¦ ¦ .
Fourth round — Wild Norah beat Lear King,
8-2 : Merrimac beat Firm Fellow. 12-3; War
Ea«le beat Bonnie. Pasha. 6-5; Rona a bye.
Fifth round— Wild Norah beat Merrlmae,
13-9; Rona beat War Eagle. 19-12.
Deciding course — Wild Norah won by de
fault, Rona withdrawn.
Open stake i No. 2. second round — George
Sharmari's Chicago Boy beat P. M. Clarkson's
Miss Brummel, • 7-3; H. Lynch's . Black .Bart
beat H. Perlgo's Lady Davenport. 5-3; H.
Lynch's Melrose Lad beat Joseph Connolly's
New Moon, 14-0; J. Carroll's Auckland beat
T. Jolley's Toronto. 16-13; Chlarlnl Brothers'
Santonin beat E. Geary's Fair Oaks, 6-2: J.
M.- Halton** May Hempstead beat T. - Burke' s
Lottie W. 14-2; E. Geary's Roy Hughie a
bye; -J. L. Ross' Mayflower beat George
Graham's Lady Newark, 4-0; T. W. Bartels'
Bogus Baron beat'E. Zelph's. Glen Coe. 22-3;
H. Lynch's Clarice beat P. C. Blick's Yellow
tall. 11-5; C. Plckard's "Bright Gold beat O.
Zahl's Miss Wilson.: 5-1; W. Cairns' Imperial
beat L..C. Homan's Annie Coleman. 5-0; E
Geary's Bonnie Hughie beat O. Zahl's O'Hara,
13-8." . ' ¦'¦•-, ¦. , * ' . .
-Third round— Black Bart beat Chicago Boy,
lft-10; Melrose. Lad 'beat Auckland. 12-6: San
tonin beat May Hempstead. 8-5: Mayflower
beat Roy Hughie. 4-0: Bogus Baron beat Clar
ice, « -6; Bright Gold beat Imperial," 15-7; Bon
nie Hughie a bye. , .
Fourth round — Santonin beat Black Bart
i-O; Mayflower beat Melrose Lad, 4-1: Bonnie
Hughie beat Bogus Baron, 10-1 ; Bright Gold
a ' bye. ... . ,
_ Fifth round— Mayflower beat Santonin, 7-6;
Bonnie- Hughie a bye.
riower 1^23-ll COUr8e ~ BOnnle Hu * hle beat May -
Pickering scored on the- throw-in this
time. Davis flew, retiring the side, as he
had done in the third inning.
The score was tied in the ninth. Brad
ley and Irwin walked; Fraser flew out.
Bernhard walked., filling the bases. Pick
ering proved » a patient waiter and was
sent to firsts forcing Bradley home with
the run that tied -the score. With the
bases still full, Sullivan let a ball get
past him and Irwin scampered home with
the winning run. . .
Had Lee just tossed the ball over In-
Fifth race — Six and a half furlongs;' selling;
four-year-olds and upward..- ¦
(3141)Pat Morrissey.109 3166 The Miller. ...lot)
(3105)Grnd Sbachem.lO:> (3H0)Bagdad . . 109
2599 Dol. Welthoff.107 (3121)Bard -Burns.. .109
-3154 Pompino .....109 3130 Herculean ...109
3087 Cougar ...:... 100 3142 King Dellts.. .112
• 3137 Nellie Forest..l04 3003 Redwald .....109
•Sixth race — Six furlonirs; selling; four-year
olds and upward. . ¦ ¦ •....• ¦
j*165 Kitty Kelly... 96 3145 MattHogan.. 95
3128 Goal Runner. .107 Woeful... ...702
."097 Duckoy ...... 95 3159 Meehanus i.\ .104
3128 Sweet Tooth.. 98 3145 Sir Hampton.. 98
3156 Gusto 101 -
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth: sell
ing; 1 four-year-olds and upward. ¦ ¦• ' •
(31R3)Siddons ...... 10S 3152 Jim Hale... ..10$
3140 Darlene 10.1 3112 Artllla ... ....108
3152 Bathos 113
Oakland Track Entrie s.
The entries for this afternoon's events at
Oakland racetrack are a» follows : .
First race — Futurity course; selling; five
year-olds and upward. \ ¦
.... Flashlight ...110 3131 John Welch. .107
3047 Dr. Boyle. .. ..107 3047 Heraldo 107
3O!58 Nellie Holton.105 3153 Hacivo 107
3131 Corriente .....105 3X19 Mrs. C ...105
1724 Clarello 1O."> 310S Finch ....... .107
3047 Y. Morello....HO 3X19 Mary Nance.. 105
Second race — Six and a half furlongs; sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward. •.. ;
3127 Rlnaldo ......109 3132 Frldolln ......104
3149 Einstein .103 (3047)Urchln ... 109
2020 Ne.wsgatherer 100 3149 Novia ........107
30W) Loyal S .100 3149 Ural . . 10(!
3127 Kath. Bnnis..lOi 3149 Invictus ......106
3133 The Fiddler. ;. 100 3151 San Venado...m
Third race — Three and a' half furlongs; sell
ing; maiden two-year-olds.
...". The Phantom. 110 3144 Chiffonier . ..'.113
31KJ Past Master.. 10$ 3151 Venecia V.1C5
3151 Adirondack ..105 .».. Irish Lassie.. .110
SylviaTalbot.llO 3139 Tom Mitchell.. 105
3126 Pr. Eugene... 108
Americas winning by a score of 4 to 2.
This ends the successful season of winter,
baseball.
The game was .remarkably fast for.
seven innings, which were played in less
than fifty-Uve minutes. The fielding was
sharp and accurate, . and , it seemed the
Nationals must win.
They scored their first run !n the open
ing inning. Van Haltren was given a
pass to first., stole second and went to
third on Hulin's sacrifice. Mertes walked." ¦
Lee singled, forcing Mertes at second and
scoring Van Haltren. ,-Beckley. ; singled..*
Steinfeldt hit to Mercer, who fumbled the
ball, filling the bases. ' McHale went out
at first, retiring- the side.
The Nationals scored again In the third.
Hulen >was out at first. Mercer singled
and stole second. He scored on Lee's
two-bagger. Beckley and Steinfeldt were
out at first, retiring the side. - ¦ ¦
Mertes scored the third and last run
for the Nationals in the eighth on a
close decision. Hulen flew out. Mertes
"slammed the ball to the left-fleH fence.
Lee was out at first. Beckley singled to
the center-field fence. Mertes started
home from second. Davis, who was play
ing behind the bat for the All-Americas.
had the ball, but Umpire ' McDonald
called I Mertes safe on the ground that
Davis did not touch' him. Mertes ap
parently thought he was out, as he start
ed for his position in the field. .
The All-Americas scored their first run
in the third Inning. Bernhard started
proceedings with a two-bagger; Pickering
flew out. Barrett was passed to first
and Mercer singled, filling the bags. La
joie was next up. He flew to deep center
and Bernhard scored on the throw-in.
Davis ended proceedings by flying out.
The All-Americas did not score again
until the eight. Bernhard was out at
first. Lee lost control of the ball, walk
ing Pickering, Barrett and Mercer. Lajoie
again came to the bat with the bases full.
He went through the same performance
as before, flying out to deep center.
stead of trying to, put speed into it he
would probably have won the game. The
fielders played an errorless game behind
him and would readily have accounted
for any hits obtained off him.
The field was • heavy from Saturday's
rain, but this did not interfere with the
players apparently.
The. men who have become popular fa
vorites here were all applauded as they
went to the bat. Barrett, the great little
center fielder; Bradley, the brilliant third
baseman; Lajoie, Van Haltren. Mertes,
.' : ¦¦ " ' - ¦. ¦
Players Leave To- Day
for Homes in the
East.
f ¦_-¦¦¦¦ ¦ it-,-.'";': *¦' ¦ ¦
Contest Is Character=
ized by Brilliant
Fielding.
Wyatt Lee's Wildness
Responsible for
the Result.
6
Sun rises , 7 : 23
Sun sets 5 : ig
Moon sets 3:53 a. m
_ Ttmel ITlmeT |Tlme| lTime
2. Ft. I Ft. | Ft. FL
• L W |H W ]L W |H W
20 1:25 2.9 7:46 C.tJ 2:56 -^uliihoi ~43
'M 2:25 2.0 8:4t> 5.0 3:49 — 0.8|10:52 4 «
22 3:23 2.8 .9:39 6.0 4:34—1.0 11:36 4U
23 4:1H 2.7 10:30 5.9 5:19 — 0.8
H W ;L W H W . L, W
24 0:19 5.1 5:09 2.0 11:20 5.8 (5:01— OS
25 1:00 5.2 C:02 2.4 12:10 5.6 6:43—04
26 1:40 5.3 «:06 2.2 1:01 5.2 7:24 02
27 2:20| 5.4 7:53 2.1 1:58 4.8 8:04 07
Steamer. From. | Due.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lJan. 20
Mackinaw Tacoma Man 20
Lakroe Portland & Astoria ..".Jan! 20
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. |Jan. 2<)
Argo CoqulUe River Jan 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor Jan. 20
Herodot Seattle j« n on
Phoenix Mendoeino ".'.'. Jan "ft
Rival AVlllapa Harbor Jan "0
Pomona Humboldt Jan "'j
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Jan" 20
Crescent City Crescent City .Jan. 20
Empire Coos Bay • j a n n Q
G. Dollar Ventura " Jan' 21
Vashtenaw.. Tacoma j an ' Hi
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma ...'.'. Jan' 21
Argyll , New York via Panama. Jan!
Nome City... San Pedro j an 22
Eureka...... Humboldt j an ' 22
Alameda Honolulu j an " w
Coronado San Pedro j an ' "5
CltyPutbla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan' 22
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan 22
J° nlt » Newport & Way Ports" Jan" 23
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma... ... j a n' 23
HantaRosa.. San Diego & Way PtslJan' 2'{
Pt. Arera.... Point Arena j an 23
Despatch San Pedro j a t, S»
Sequoia Grays Harbor ' jan 24
<;. VV. Klrter. Portland & AEtorla ..'.'. An' 25
China & Japan jan 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Jan " 07
Sierra........ Sydney & AVay Ports. . Jan! 27
« ue «n. Puget Sound Ports ....Jan 27
Coos Bay.... Newport &-Way Ports. Jan
Rainier Seattle & y. Whatcom Jan 28
fcUamer. I
Destination.
IBalla.
Pier.
_ _ _. January 20. i >
%i n , F( * ro - Humboldt ..10am Pier 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor ...... 5 pin Pier "«
Wandalay.. coquille River 6 pS Pl«^
W. Kruger. Tillamook Bay .... 12 m i'iwl"
Ntwburg.. Grays Harbor 6 pm tier i
1 Junnnry 21.
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor '. 5 pmiPIer 2
Arcata Coob B. & Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts. 10 amlpierlS
Kmplre Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Argo Coquille River ...... 12 m Pier 2
Gaelic...,. China & Japan .... 1 pra PMSS~
Umatilla.. Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
January 22.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Herodot... Hamburg & Way... .. Pier 34
Pomona... Humboldt l:30plPler a
C. Nelson.. Astoria & Portland. 9 am Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 piaiPier 2
State Cal.. Ean Diego & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay.. Newport & "Way.... 8 am Pier 11
.January 23/ -. . |
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports.. 8 pmlPler 8
Rival.. Wlllapa Harbor - ...IPier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. H am Pier 24
" r *" \ . ¦ January 25. > . -. -
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier »
North Fork Humboldt Sampler 2
Alameda. . Honolulu 10 am Pier 7
January 2O. .
Bonlta..... Newport Sc Way Pts. 0 am Pier 11
City Puebl Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
January 27.
Sequoia. . . . Grays Harbor . . 5 pm Pier 2
January, 28.
Argyll. N. T. via Panama.. 2pmjPlerlO
City Para. . Panama & Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
G. Elder... Astoria- & Portland. 11 am|Pier24
6tee.ro er.
For.
Ai-Ki.r..;r.-
Dirigo.......
Excelsior. . . .
Skayway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Cocks Inlet & Way Pt«.
Jan. 20
Jan. 21
Jan. 28
Sun rises , 7 : 23
Sun sets 5 : ig
Moon sets 3:53 a. m
_ Ttmel ITlmeT |Tlme| lTime
2. Ft. I Ft. | Ft. FL
• L W |H W ]L W |H W
20 1:25 2.9 7:46 C.tJ 2:56 -^uliihoi ~43
'M 2:25 2.0 8:4t> 5.0 3:49 — 0.8|10:52 4 «
22 3:23 2.8 .9:39 6.0 4:34—1.0 11:36 4U
23 4:1H 2.7 10:30 5.9 5:19 — 0.8
H W ;L W H W . L, W
24 0:19 5.1 5:09 2.0 11:20 5.8 (5:01— OS
25 1:00 5.2 C:02 2.4 12:10 5.6 6:43—04
26 1:40 5.3 «:06 2.2 1:01 5.2 7:24 02
27 2:20| 5.4 7:53 2.1 1:58 4.8 8:04 07
Steamer. From. | Due.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lJan. 20
Mackinaw Tacoma Man 20
Lakroe Portland & Astoria ..".Jan! 20
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. |Jan. 2<)
Argo CoqulUe River Jan 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor Jan. 20
Herodot Seattle j« n on
Phoenix Mendoeino ".'.'. Jan "ft
Rival AVlllapa Harbor Jan "0
Pomona Humboldt Jan "'j
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Jan" 20
Crescent City Crescent City .Jan. 20
Empire Coos Bay • j a n n Q
G. Dollar Ventura " Jan' 21
Vashtenaw.. Tacoma j an ' Hi
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma ...'.'. Jan' 21
Argyll , New York via Panama. Jan!
Nome City... San Pedro j an 22
Eureka...... Humboldt j an ' 22
Alameda Honolulu j an " w
Coronado San Pedro j an ' "5
CltyPutbla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan' 22
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan 22
J° nlt » Newport & Way Ports" Jan" 23
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma... ... j a n' 23
HantaRosa.. San Diego & Way PtslJan' 2'{
Pt. Arera.... Point Arena j an 23
Despatch San Pedro j a t, S»
Sequoia Grays Harbor ' jan 24
<;. VV. Klrter. Portland & AEtorla ..'.'. An' 25
China & Japan jan 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Jan " 07
Sierra........ Sydney & AVay Ports. . Jan! 27
« ue «n. Puget Sound Ports ....Jan 27
Coos Bay.... Newport &-Way Ports. Jan
Rainier Seattle & y. Whatcom Jan 28
fcUamer. I
Destination.
IBalla.
Pier.
_ _ _. January 20. i >
%i n , F( * ro - Humboldt ..10am Pier 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor ...... 5 pin Pier "«
Wandalay.. coquille River 6 pS Pl«^
W. Kruger. Tillamook Bay .... 12 m i'iwl"
Ntwburg.. Grays Harbor 6 pm tier i
1 Junnnry 21.
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor '. 5 pmiPIer 2
Arcata Coob B. & Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts. 10 amlpierlS
Kmplre Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Argo Coquille River ...... 12 m Pier 2
Gaelic...,. China & Japan .... 1 pra PMSS~
Umatilla.. Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
January 22.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Herodot... Hamburg & Way... .. Pier 34
Pomona... Humboldt l:30plPler a
C. Nelson.. Astoria & Portland. 9 am Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 piaiPier 2
State Cal.. Ean Diego & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay.. Newport & "Way.... 8 am Pier 11
.January 23/ -. . |
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports.. 8 pmlPler 8
Rival.. Wlllapa Harbor - ...IPier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. H am Pier 24
" r *" \ . ¦ January 25. > . -. -
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier »
North Fork Humboldt Sampler 2
Alameda. . Honolulu 10 am Pier 7
January 2O. .
Bonlta..... Newport Sc Way Pts. 0 am Pier 11
City Puebl Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
January 27.
Sequoia. . . . Grays Harbor . . 5 pm Pier 2
January, 28.
Argyll. N. T. via Panama.. 2pmjPlerlO
City Para. . Panama & Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
G. Elder... Astoria- & Portland. 11 am|Pier24
6tee.ro er.
For.
Ai-Ki.r..;r.-
Dirigo.......
Excelsior. . . .
Skayway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Cocks Inlet & Way Pt«.
Jan. 20
Jan. 21
Jan. 28
tnis Blgnatnro Is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets
'tb/j remedy that enrea a cold in one Oaj,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Specialists
S^. B *J XTJLwll
jw|§^ Largsst Practice
on; the ¦
u \Kyl # Pacific Coast.
Dr. Talcott&'Co.
Many Men Treated for a Weak-
ness Which Never Existed.
IN THE LARGEST PROPORTION OP
cases of lost vitality, prematureness and th«
train of symptoms known as ••weakness," cer-
tain morbid conditions of the urethra and pros*
tate Kland, damaged by early dlsatpation, tod
often reneated and too lone continued excite-
ment <o react on the organs that a condition
of diminished, vitality and function Is Induced.
Our knowledge of the morbid chances in th«
organs themselves Is quite clear and full, but
how these changes operate on the nerves and
spinal cord center . are = mysteries to the medi-
cal profession. "Whatever the morbid change
may be. however, the; effects are apparent to
the embarrassed sufferer: these troubles being
symptomatic of the above mentioned and well-
defined morbid conditions,- it seems that even
the unprofessional patient must understand
that stomach drugging will not cure, but ef-
forts directed toward repairing the damaged
tract will restore. In practice such Is th«
case, as the treatment on these lines never
falls to accomplish the desired result. Colored
chart of the organs sent on application.
Portland" Office: 2505 Aider St., Cor. 3d.
San Francisco Office: 997 Market, Cor. 6th,
AMUSEMENTS. *
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Great Du Bell; Hazel Callahan
and Prosper Forrest; The Girdei-
lers; Mullally Sisters; Barrington;
Nellie Montgomery; New Moving
Pictures;
ELLM BLJFtTT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICTCLB,
Thursday Night— THE AMATEURS.
AND A LADIES' SKATING MATCH.
* Telephone for Seats Park 23.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
pAIVIES AT 2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS; SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS; \;
. ADMISSION 25c AND 50c
UyLUfta^iM LEADING THEATBS
BEGINNING TP->6eHJ »J _ )
Every ¦ Nisht ; Includlns *> Sunday-jpM^ Sat.
J| KIBKE LA SHELLS tPEKL CO.
<£Sj|||$i Merry, Musical Success,
wNskl m THE
ijSf PRINCESS
|f|.\ LJilU
I I An Elaborate Ooera Comlque.
CYTOfl TWO MATINEE
Jti/vV 1 kK.J-\— recitals.
AT 3 O'CLOCK ON AFTKRNOONS OF
TTJE?DAY. Jan. 28.' and .FRIDAY, Jan. 31»
JOSEF
HOFMANN
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats— $2, $1 50. $1 and 60c.
Seat sale begins this morning at Sherman,
Clay & Co.* s music store.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This "Week.
Limited Starring Engagement of
EDWIN ARDEN
In an Elaborate Production of Alexander Sal-
vinl's Original Version of
"DON C£SAR DE BAZAN."
Now Playing to Capacity at Two of the Leading
Theaters in New ' York.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 23c. 50c, 73c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next Week— EDWIN ARPE3T In "ZORAH."
A BIG, BUMPTIOUS BILL!
Da Coma Family; Taylor Twin Sis-
ters; Ada Arnoldson; Kara the
Great; Three Faust Sisters; Arthur
Buckner; Jacques Inaudi; Mr. and
Mrs. Gardner Crane, and the Bio-
graph.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box
Seats and Opera. Chairs, 50c.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE on SATURDAY
AT 2 SHARP! _
"COME AND SEE THAT FUNNIEST OF
FELLOWS."
THE TOY MAKER
EVERY CHILD GETS A TOY ON SATUB-
DAY AFTERNOON.
MONDAY, January 27th.
FRANK DANIELS*
GREATEST HIT!
"THE AMEER."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
BEL'ASCOAMTHALCSjfojpKg,
ii»^ U/WTS CITY tiAAi
¦ Theater Thoroughly Heated Witn Steam. ,
. TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
The Exciting and Powerful Melodrama,
Q- '. Q .
THE
FIRE PATROL.
6 6
Marvelous Electrical and Mechanical Effects.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
pnirtc Evenings 10c to 50o
rnlWC J Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
Next Week— "A MAN OF MYSTERY."
BELASCO & THALL, Mgrs,
' Beginning: TO-NIGHT — Last Week.
The Big Romantic Success,
FOR THE WHITE ROSE.
T TO-NIGHT, SOUVENIR NIGHT. |
I All attending will bo presented with a pho- I
tograph of M. L. ALSOP as "LARRY I
I KAVANAUGH." |
o 6
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES 15c. 25c. 33c. 50c and I5o
NEXT ..... "THE DANTTES."
STAR COMPANY AND PRODUCTION!
Welcomed From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
THIS WEEK ONLY!
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And His Own Company. '
THIS EVENING and TO-MORROW NIGHT.
"JULIUS C>£SAR."
Wednesday and Thursday Nights and Saturday
Matinee. 'THE MOUNTEBANK." r .
Friday Nleht, "VIRGINIUS."
Saturday Night— Farewell— "KINO LEAR."
SEATS READY.
Next — Sunday Night — Mr. Ben Hendricks In
the Swedlsn Comedy Play, "OLE OLSO\ ••
Seats Thursday.
gfefe RACING
tmm i,-»^*m Every Week Day—
iBr » Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races. start at 2:13 p. in. sharp.
Farry-boata leave San Francisco at 12 m. an*
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecuSi
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Last two cars on train reserved fur
ladies and their escorts; no smoklnc. Buv vent
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains T via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourl
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrla
cars go direct to the track la fifteen minutes
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4 : l3
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after to* last
race. . 7~7-j~*
C HT 8 3M F As piic^ i^ M a \ d n M ' g r*' id * at '
PALACE and-
GRAND HOTELS.
On one Bide of these marniflcent
hotels la .the wholesale and rnanu- -
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
tff^Street ears to aU parts of th
city— depots, ferries and" parka-
pass th* entrance.
American and European plans.
CORE! COgfelKE!
P.A. McDON'aLD,
813 } r FOilB0M 4 ' t STREET. ' *aM3
San Franolsco'bas' Coke* 'for sale to families i
and to the trade at'redSced r*U»»y*
Du Pont Powder.
Black Sporting,
Mining and
. Smokeless.
Ask /oar dealer for
OHqIIo Loaded Du Pont
OlrollO Willi Smokeless
C. A. KAIGHT, Agent,
226 Market St., S. f.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ CAUSE OF FALLING HAIR.
Dandruff, Which Is a Germ Disease-
Kill the Germ.
Falling , . hair Is • caused by dandruff
whlch:is a germ disease. The germ in
burrowing; into the root' • of the hair;
where it destroys the vitality of the hair,
causing, the hair to fall out, digs up • the
cuticule ; In -. little scales/ called dandruff
or scurf ;, You can't stop the falling hair
without curing the dandruff, and you
can't ! cure\the dandruff without killing
the, dandruff germ. "Destroy the cause,
you remove 'the effect." £ Newbro's Herpi-
cide Is the only hair preparation that kills
the ; dandruff r germ. > Herpicide Is also a
delightful hair dressing.
.ThlsBlgnatuMls on 'every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine TabletsBRENHAM, Tex.. Jan. 19.— Professor W -C ;
Grossman and his 15-year-old eon Willie were
caught -on a -trestle north ' of Brenhara r to-day
til. J?°^ n by a Passenger' train. Both
were killed. ¦ . ¦ .- >. ,-. ¦¦•-¦ -. ...
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Joseph Burke
the -violinist and actor, who achieved '
prominence as the accompanist to Jennie
Llnd-on hertour. In 1850-51, died here to
day In his eighty-sixth year. Congress
man-Charles H. Burke of South Dakota
is? his nephew .
Joseph Burke.
SANTA MARIA. .Jan. 19.~Rain began
falling last ' night; at 7:30 o'clock. It was
the first of the season and continued until
midnight, ; :•• flf ty-flve - hundred ths i- of « an
inch? falling, with an Indication of more
rain in a rfewhours.'A^%sir';i3*ftEsfcfi'. .«•,-. «¦
-.The ,; Reliance ;2 Athletic '-Club t officials
have arranged : a big double card ; for the
boxing % tournament i which ¦ will be ' • held
on next- Friday; night in Oakland. ': The
programme r calls ' for two ;: flfteen-round
contests. : ; ;T6mmy 5 Gilf eather < ? and ;. Willie
Snailham have been, signed for one of the
bouts. .-, They ;.will meet : for : the * Pacific
Coast bantam-weight; championship. The
men will fight at 115 pounds. - ' -
• . V'Doc',' ,- Flynn ; and Toby ,i- Irwln : are to
meet | in the • second ; flfteen-round I bout, at
138 1 pounds, '-s There u- wiir- also "*be I a six
round preliminary.- : Superintendent Faw
cett i says the card : is > the . best the i club
has arranged for months. Under direc
tion of the superintendent the gymnasium
Is being; rearranged; "An! elevated ring
has - been installed,- and there will be tiers
of : raised seats ¦ on ' each ' Bide ¦ of \ the' 5 ring
Sfiailliain: to Fight- Gilfeather/Whili
"Doc^JBlynn. Will. Try^ Condu
eiona • With .Tobyl Irwlii. •
MONTEREY, Jan. lfl.— Mrs. Mary-Lit
tle, widow of the late Milton Little of
Monterey, and one of the oldest and beai
known pioneers of the State, died ' at .her
home in this city this morning:. after a
long illness, death resulting from a stroke
of paralysis. Mrs. Little was born in the
town of. Sing. Sing," N. Y., in 1828. .and
came to California in a sailing ship
around the Horn in: 1847.; landing in :.San
Francisco. The following year she came
to Monterey. Five daughters and four
sons survive Mrs. Little. She leaves con
siderable property, mostly real estate in
and around . Monterey. , ,?',-;.
Mrs. Mary Little.
CLEVER y BOXERS MATCHED '¦'?¦; • '-. -
:?TO jl MEET ; IN 7 OAKLAND
. DENVBR, 1 Jan. . 19.— Kid Parker. '" the"
well-known -; lightweight ¦:« boxer,' '. who has
been In retirement f or . more than '• a' y ear.
because 5 of ; ill • health; : has been ;. matched
to fight Billy Armstrong,- the Calif ornianl
before: the club offering. the best Induce
ments." The < Kid; says he is •¦ in , the pink
of condition. "< The agreement • is to .weigh
in; at 133 pounds at 3 o'clock In th© after
noon,: and the : fight to j occur within two
weeks. -T •/-;';•!;'.' ,V. : '--i-> ';~> '"-••.'• .''.¦:;.;.,"'". -J:>\ '
Kid ; Parker; to : Fight Againv
n-j". The Old Humpbacks V
Are . not to be compared | to our hew • pat
ent back,' flat-opening Blank Books, which
cost no more than the j old | style and I are
infinitely better. Daily Journals. Calen
dars, | Diaries and Calendar ¦ Pads for 1902
at the right prices. Sanborn, Vail &.Co.,
741 Market street. .'.-. •
KAUKAITNA.- "Wls., Jan. 19.— A general,
strike vas ordered to-day at a Joint meeting
of the Appleton. Kaukauna and Neenah lodges
of the United Brotherhood of Papermakers.
which will result, in less than three • weeeks. ¦
In cloalnx the twenty-five mills In the State
of "Wisconsin, throwing out of employment 3004
laborers.
VANCOUVER, Wash.. Jan. 19.— Mother-
Joseph of the Order of the Sisters of
Charity of the House of Providence and
founder of the mother-house of that or
der In the Northwest, located in this city,
died to-day at the convent which she
erected. She was 80 years old. . ¦
Mother Joseph entered the novitiate of
the Sisters of Charity at Montreal, Can
ada, In 1&43. She came West as a mis
sionary in 1856 and founded the House of
Providence in Vancouver In 1 December of
the same year. The beautiful convent of
the order in this city, which is the finest
in the Northwest, was erected by her. She
was the architect and personally superin
tended its construction.
Mother Joseph.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, January 19.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 65 hours from Coos
Bay. - ' rnii T TH'*i |^* friTr^** *' f "fltfwnBWMlMf
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA, B. C— Sailed Jan IS— Stmr City
of Puebla; for San Francisco.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 19.— The Rev. H.
K. Hines died early this morning, aged 74
years. Dr. Hines came to Oregon fifty
years ago from. Herkimer County, New
York, and during that time he was con
nected with the affairs of the Methodist
Episcopal church in the Northwest. As
presiding elder of the States -of Oregon,
Washington and. Idaho he became widely
known throughout the Northwest. Dr.
Hines was president of • the Territorial
Council of Washington and a member of
the Legislature during the sessions of
1S64-1856. He was a delegate to the Na
tional Republican convention in Cincin
nati In <1S76.
The Bev. H. K. Hines.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
Friends of the proposition to aid "the
Cubans by tariff concessions have not
seen lit to bring forward," in such a way
as to impress the members of Congress,
a clear and accurate statement of social
and economic conditions on the Island.
The presentation of the Cuban , side has
been weak. Advocates I of < concessions
have not been frank in their i statements:
nor have they been prepared to adhere
to their original arguments. ¦• :-;
One of the most important points made
by the friends of the Cubans before Con
gress met was that unless Congress
granted a large reduction on sugar duties
before Christmas many , of , the , estates
would stop grinding cane. " This, it was
said,: would throw Into idleness many
thousands of Cubans, and in consequence
political disturbances would occur which
might put the island into a state of . an
archy.- Congress has not acted yet and
the Cuban estates are still grinding sugar
Undoubtedly many of them . are : grinding
it at. a loss, but the extravagant state
ments that were made early in the sugar
campaign have Injured the cause
The trouble is said to be entirely In the
House of Representatives., CThe Senate Is
inclined to give the Cubans what they
need. . Senator Platt of Connecticut, him
self an ardent protectionist, sees the ne
cessity, of acting, and ; he ; is convinced
that no injury will be done to r fanning
and beet sugar industries. '. But before
the Senate will act it, will wait* a reason
able time to see what will be the outcome
ln .- tl } e ? ouse - The House hesitates under
the leadership of Nebraska and Michigan
members. ; ! -••.- ¦.;¦.¦: ¦ ';-,'•• >
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan/ 19.— The devel
opments of last week show that there
may be some doubt about Congress grant
ing to Cuba even . such a concession as
a 25 per cent tariff reduction. The beet
sugar men, who early in the contest
showed a disposition j to compromise, are
now . opposing all - compromise, insisting
that the duty shall remain where it is.
The result of their altered tactics is Just
now causing a flurry In Congress.
The great rival of the sugar trust, the
Beet Sugar Association, has made a fight
against the sugar trust, so that in nearly
all of the discussions that ~ are had the
benefits to be derived by capitalists from
the maintenance of the tariff or from a
cut in duties have obscured the real point
at Issue. While the beet sugar men have
been given the tip that there will be no
concessions : and that sugar trust shares
would, therefore, go to par, the sugar
trust has been asserting that the Beet
Sugar Association is looking only to big
dividends.
EDecial Dispatch to The Call.
To-day's action Is said to be the result
of a dispute of long standing between the
Health j Department of Ogden t and the
Mayors, - The : Mayor has questioned the
correctness ' of ; Dr. Condon's diagnosis of
a patient said to be suffering from small
pox.; Dr. Condon declared the man was
suffering: from the disease: the Mayor
said he was not,' and ordered that the pa
tient be' discharged from the Detention
Hospital. Dr. Beatty ; of Salf Lake," sec-'
retary, of the State Board of Health, was
called -upon | to settle the dispute. : After
a . careful : examination Dr. ., Beattle * de
clared it a case of smallpox ; and it was
upon ' his ' advice ; that Dr.% Condon ordered
Mayor Glasmann placed in quarantine. ¦
' SALT LAKE, Utah, j Jan. : 19.— William
Glasmann, Mayor; of- Ogden, was to-day
ordered into quarantine by. Dr. A. S. Con-J
don,' City Physician of Ogden. " for having
visited. the. Detention Hospital in his ef
fort to secure the release of a patient said
by, the City Physician to be suffering from
smallpox. The Mayor refused to be placed
in quarantine and told the officer who at
tempted to carry out Dr. Condon's orders
to consider himself under arrest for Inter
fering with the Mayor, who Is also head
of the Police Department. Shortly after
wards Mayor Glasmann disappeared and
¦up to a late hour to-night his whereabouts
have not. been discovered. . . <¦•.->
.Hanson,- the • prisoner ; whose futile at
tempt ; at escape . resulted . in • recapture a
few days ago,. was a member of the same
grang of Spokane counterfeiters to which
Moriarity belonged. No word came from
the posse : up to : 1 o'clock ¦ this (Monday)
morning: * v -, . • •; .. -—....
The news of the escape came to Seattle
in a telegram * to United ? States Deputy
Marshal Tyler during the afternoon. £>ep
uty;Marshal Stringer -was immediately
8ent f to Tacoma to. Join: in the. chase. A
reward . is . already out " for the prisoners.
The break is regarded : as ¦ most serious,
and' it is feared that violence may result,
as ' some . of the • prisoners at McNeils are
dangerous and desperate men.
% Moriarlty, the.' leader, has been re
garded -by the officers who caught him at
Spokane a year ago last fall as a crafty
and dangerous law-breaker. He was iden
tified -with-two^ other -attempts to gain
liberty— the | jail break ; at Spokane last
winter and an abortive movement toward
a prison break at McNeils some time ago.
The latter involved a number of the pris
oners. A villainous gag was prepared for
the warden, while wooden keys had been
prepared to pick the locks. n . r •
In all: probability . the escape had been
carefully planned for several weeks. • It is
thought that ( the prisoners have hid in
the brush all day, intending late to-night
either. by, theft or violence to secure boats
from some: of the ¦ ranchers.' -these
they. would either go toward Hoods canai
or. Tacoma. :; . - . -,•-, > , <.
SEATTLE.V Jan. 20.— Eleven prisoners,
headed by - MorlarityV ' the, counterfeiter,
escaped from the Federal . prison at Mc-
Neils Island -yesterday, > by burrowing
through a cement floor, into the air pipes.
A large posse Is. out after, them. .' :
Sseclal Dispatch to TrV CalL
Sensational Break by
Prisoners at McNeils #
Island.
Goes Into Seclusion to
Avoid Being Placed in
Quarantine. ,
Affair's Which Relate to
Cuban Tariff Still
Uncertain.
Nealon Plays on Winning Team.
The handball matches in Phil Ryan's
court yesterday resulted as follows:
J. McBrearty and M. Klrby..2l 18 2t 18 21
C. Murray and D. Regan... 15 21. 13 21 12
Xu Canaln* and H. Racouillat. .21 19 21 21
J. Fitzpatrlck and N. Polidori..l7 21 15 13
L. "Waterman and J. K. Bock
man ......21 21 18 12 21
D. J. Sheehan and N. Ber
,er ; 20 13 21 21 IT
W. H. Sleberst and P. Ryan.... 21 13 21 21
J. J. Canavan and 4. Dugan....lT 21 20 13
J. Glynn and K. Resit 21 17 21 16 21
E. "White and A. •Whiteman..l3 21 19 21 13
D. Connelly and M. Levy.... 21 17 21
M. Joyce and J. Kllllan.. 19 21 15
Tim O'Brien s . ...21 17 SI
Junes M. Rosa - .....19 21 20
J. White and M. Maguire 21 21 19 21
J. Collins and E. Curley 16 18 21 15
J. C Nealon and M. J. Kll
gallon •' 16 21 21 '21
J. Riordon and J. Harlow 18 17 . 20-
MAYOR OF OGDEN
NOW IN HIDING
The men still retain Walter Christie as
their trainer. | He has proven himself very
able in every respect and is well liked by
the boys. ; . ¦
ELEVEN GAIN
THEIR LIBERTY
Cooley. Brainard, '.' Minor and " Wilcox.
Plaw ; is at the . head of those who toss
the weights, and with him are " Vilas,
Hartllne, Ligda and Bishop.
I IRE BAGES IN- TRINITY '¦"'.
• CHURCH OF SEATTLE
Not Believed That Aaiy Part of the
Splendid Structure Can
Be Saved.
SEATTLE, Jan. 20.— The big Trinity
Episcopal Church, one of the finest
church edifices in the northwest, Is burn-
Ing. It is not believed that any part of It
cah be saved.
SPRINTER AND '. HURDLER -WHO REPRESENTED lUNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA IN ATHLETIC CONTESTS IN THE EAST TWO YEARS
AGO AND WHO ARE STILL'aVAILABLE MATERIAL. ,
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. ,19. — S. Thornton
Langley, a pioneer miner of Rossland, 6.
C, has obtained possession of a lost gold
ledge in Okanogan County which is likely
to make him, a millionaire several tlme3
over. It was ; formerly known as the
Okanogan mine, - but ls now called the
Oroville. The property comprises a four
foot ledge of free gold ore, carrying val
ues of forty to forty-two dollars per ton»
After its exploitation In 1898 by a mining
expert . a ten-stamp mill was erected and
5000 ; feet Of development work was done.
The surface -part of the vein to a depth
¦ji sixty feet was blocked out and put
through a mill, yielding a net profit of
$35,000.
The vein. was then lost and the prop
erty was abandoned after an expenditure
of $20,000 in a vain endeavor to relocate
it Langley alone of the original com
pany declared he would not give it up.
After much effort he inllsted the support
of capital in the East last fall and two
months ago started operations. Within
thirty days he rediscovered the missing
ledge, taking out .ore that is speckled
with gold.
With the machinery now being Installed
the company will handle 600 tons month
ly at «. cost not to exceed $7 per ton. This
will leave a net monthly profit of $20,000.
More machinery will be added with the
object of doubling this output.
Eseclal Dispatch to The Call.
Ground Rich in Gold
Ore Discovered by
S- &. a Pioneer.
The soldiers who gave the flag to the
church are: F. S. Brown, Alex- Wagner
Edward Norton, each of the First Regi
ment of California Volunteers; J. B. Say
«. «5. r Infantry; John McMil
len, Fifty-first Iowa, and Ben Sturges,
Thirty-first Infantry.
The congregation sang the national an
them, and religious exercises terminated
the ceremonies.
It was an Impressive ceremony, the
presentation of this patriotic gift to a
bouse dedicated to peace and religion, to
the teaching of good will toward all men
and the highest attainments that man can
reach. The soldier boys themselves con
ducted the service, while the pastor, the
Rev. Frank S. Ford, sat with the choir,
excepting when he offered the benedic
tions and accepted with gratitude the
beautiful ensign of the United States.
John McMillen. of the gallant Fifty-flrst
Iowa, impressively and with dignity took
the place of the pastor and said that there
were two causes for which a man may en
list—for his God and for his country. In
introducing Che Rev. J. H. Macomber,
chaplain United States Army, retired. Pri
vate McMillen said: "I leave the presen
tation of our glorious nag to "this church
in the hands of a comrade in Christ and
a comrade in our country's service."
The Rev. Mr. Macomber said that the
dedication of a flag to a church was a
unique ceremony andr-he favored the idea
of giving the pennant place on the sa
cred walls. With eloquence and intense
feeling, which affected many in the vast
congregation, he described how. the first
dag was made by Betsy Ross and the pre
sentation of it to Congress and its ulti
mate adoption, but. more, he told of Its
glorious history— how it had spread under
its folds progress, civilization, equal
rights to all. It was baptized in blood
and marched on to victory; it had seen the
Union cemented when at one period it was
threatened, until now there was neither
North nor South nor East nor West, but
one common united family. It had taken
liberty to the oppressed in Cuba and in
the Philippines; they saw the flag, when
thys smoke of- battle cleared, in all its
beauty at the masthead of Dewey's ship
— when a deed was done that will be ever
remembered as one of the bravest achieve
ments of war. It was the mission of that
flag, it seemed, to lead on to victory ami
it remains wherever it goes. It opens a
way to a higher civilization and education.
Therefore, said he, it ought to have its
place in the house of God.
Roughing it on 'the battlefield does not
take from the soldier religious fervor, as
was evidenced last night, when some of
the brave boys who have seen service in
the Philippines presented a handsome
Ame ,rtcan flag to the Christian Church, on
Twelfth street, between Mission and
Howard.
Patriotic Soldier Boys
Present Old Glory
to Pastor.
CONGRESSMEN
ARE HESITANT
1 California will have two or three meets
here before sending her representatives
East. The most important will be the
contest with Stanford, in April. The Uni
versity of Oregon has sent a challange for
a field day, which has not yet been acted
upon, and some men will be entered in the
Olympic Club field day, to take place in
San Francisco on February 22. ) ¦
..Of. the men who went .East two years
ago Cadogan, the crack sprinter; Service,
the distance man; Plaw, in the weights,
and Hamlin, the hurdler, are still in col
lege. Other first-class men have been de
•veloped, and the contests for places on
the team of ten to go East should. lower
some of iii0> rtanding records. Besides
Cadogan in the sprints there are left
Brown, who showed gnod speed last sea
son. Townsend, Ligda, Asbill, Powers.
Brainard, Bishop and Herreschoff. In the
distance Service leads in ability and is ap
proaching rapidly the records of ama
teurs across the mountains. Other dis- -
tance men are Clifford. Redewill, Woods
and Weber. For the hurdles there is a
splendid quartette— Hamlin, Powell, Cheek
and Thomas. In the jumps there are Hus
sey, the track captain; Powell, Cheek,
Already three dates' have been, set for
meets with the big universities of the
Atlantic Coast, and two more are being
negotiated for with good prospects of fa
vorable settlement. The sixth and last
meet will be In Chicago In the "Western
Intercollegiate Field Day, which will take
place in the early part of June. The uni
versities which California wishes to com
pete with are Yale, Harvard, Princeton
and Pennsylvania, the four she met two
years ago. Dates for field days have al
ready been made with last two named,
and on May 10 California will meet Penn
sylvania and on May 24 Princeton. The
Mott Haven games, of May 31 will also be
entered, and there- the hardest fight for
places will take place. This last' meet is
a contest between all the big universities,
and is held on Manhattan oval, in New
York. • , . .
B— ERKELEY, Jan. 19.-Track ath- .
letlcs at the \ University of Cah i ,
fornia open this term under most ";
favorable circumstances. Many '
old and tried men are. on. hand
to struggle against their own records, and
the comparatively new material is of a\
sort which promises a retension of .Cali
fornia standards on track and field. The. .
plans for meets with Eastern universities
are auspicious for this season. The pros-" ¦
pects of a trip East will bring out the best
there Is in the men, for upon their own j
efforts will depend the selection of those .
who will represent California In other
States.
Enjoy Time-Honored Ger
man Custom in Turks
Street Temple.
The San Francisco Turn Verein gave a
Fools' Festival last night at their hall on
Turk street. It was quite a novel affair,
given for the purpose of developing a
spJtk of good fellowship among those who
will attend the annual grand masquerade
tall of the organization which will be
held In Turn Verein Hall on the evening
of February 2L It is a time-honored cus
tom among the German turners to pre
cede their annual masquerade with a
Fools' Festival, and last night the mem
bers of the Verein, their families and
friends turned out in full force to partici
pate in the fun.
The pleasure seekers, all decorated in
foolscaps and gayly bespangled costumes,
presented a sight very similar to a Mardi
Gras festival. On the stage the committee
that had charge of the affair sat at a long
table and directed the fun. They were
all attired in different colored paper fools
caps and dominos. The guests were seat
ed arqund tables that were placed here
and there all over the hall. LJauid re
freshments were served freely and a gen
eral spirit of conviviality entered into the
evening's enjoyment. An excellent pro
gramme of musical and vocal specialties
and speechmaking entertained the guests.
The speechmakers talked from the top of
a huge wine cask that was standing on
the etage. It was safe to say that every
body who attended the fete had a good
time. The following committee had
charge of the festival:
• President John Simmen, Max Duenow 'Wil
liam Plagemaan, F. Bartman, Hans Goetz Dr
Emil Herwegr. Oscar Hocks, Fritz Hansmann.
Theo Planz, G. A. Trost, Hans Veroni, Louis
Trost and Mr. Herold.
The following programme was rendered:
Overture. Ix>ul» von der Mheden'i Orchestra;
opening addres*. president of the committee:
erecting to the ladies, Hans Veronl; son*
everybody; speech. Robert K. Scheel; C contra
alto solo. E. V. McGhrty; topical songs. Miss
Em:na Buse«; trombone. "An Irish Woman,"
Arthur Brandt; song, everybody; funny songs,
v X o Duenow: raus PoHc*. elnglng section of
the San Francisco Turn Verein; epeech, John
S r; T f o P rano eolo. Miss Lottie Calsing;
ffwch Harry Xiemlnn; barytone eolo. Carl
6chwerd«e ? er: "Th. Gloves," Joseph Greven
ana Hans \eroni; song, everybody; "The Three
glasses, einging section of the San Francisco
Id^m B«hn. ; FP " Ch - °- A - **"* tenor 80l °.
Oscar P. Soule Dead.
PASADENA, Jan. 19.-Oscar F Soule
one of the most prominent canned jrooda
manufacturers of New York State and a
member of the Merrill & Boule Company
In this city. Death resulted from an T
tack of pneumonia. Soule came to p a «"
dena about two months ago. H»V««ii
gars old. The remains will bl tlkej
Since IS71 Japan has built nearly 30 000
5 £7™ tary ,? cfcool8 « Providing room for
4 0**0.000 pupils, one-fourth of whom are
MINER LOCATES
A LOST LEDGE
It was fortunate that the wreck oc
curred on Sunday night. Had it hap
pened during business hours the losa of
life would have been appalling, as there
were approximately 200 persons employed
by the various firms. They would have
been caught in a veritable death trap and
crushed and burned before they could
have been rescued.
Experts who made an examination of
the ruins were unable to find evidences
of a gas explosion.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19.— Four build
ings, each four stories high, located in the
heart of the wholesale district, collapsed
at S:30 o'clock to-night, without any ap
parent cause, and all that now remains
is a smouldering heap of ruins. The
buildings were occupied by five concerns.
Their stocks are "a total loss, which is
estimated at $152,000, exclusive of the less
on. the buildings, which amounts to $30.
400. The buildings joined each other at-the
corner of- Jefferson avenue ana sneioy
street. "
The losses: Maddox Glove Company,
$25,000; Imperial Cap Company, $15,0uO; F.
B. Neuhoit & Co.. stock of cotton goods.
$8000; Hills Bros, of New York, stock ot
commission goods, $70w); Michigan Pro
duce Company, $7500; Cruseo Bros., limit
ed, wholesale grocers, about $90,000.
No one seems to know what caused the
collapse of the buildings. On • Sunday
night that district is practically deserted,
and the few who were in - the vicinity
say that the buildings seemed to fall into
a heap without apparent cause, making
a noise like the rumbling of distant thun
der. There are evidences of an explosion.
The walls of the rear -part of the Mad
dox Glove Company's building are still
standing to the height of two stories, but
the roof of this part of the building lies
turned bottom up in the middle of Shelby
street, and a large Iron smokestack lies
on the sidewalk on the opposite side of
the street, mashed against the buildings
there as If driven by force. "
The buildings collapsed into & heap and
in a short space of time the inflammable
material caught fire from the furnaces
used for heating the buildings.
There were no watchmen about the
premises, consequently there will be no
loss of life. No one was injured, nor is
there any one who can give a definite rea
son for the catastrophe.
ON CHURCH WALL
HANGS THE FLAG
Sullivan recently returned from the
Philippines and received, considerable
compensation from the Government. He
visited many saloons during Saturday,
evening and spent about 510, which he
took from a leather belt strapped about
his bo<iy. The soldier reached the corner
of Powell and Kddy streets after mid
night. There he was seized from behind
by a stranger and .his head held back,
while arother robber hastily unfastened
the belt he wore. The pair of thieves
made their escape.
The robbery was a bold one, consider
ing the fact that many people were on
the str.-t- t. but the act was done so
Quickly that Sullivan could not raise an
outcry in tUno to prevent the escape of
his assailants.
The police are investigating a strange
robbery that occurred on one of the prin
cipal thoroughfares of the city shortly
after 1 o'clock yesterday morning 1 . John
Sullivan, a soldier, was held up by two
men at the corner of Powell and Eddy
streets r;nd a leather belt containing $250
in gold coin taker, from him.
TDBREHS GIVE
FOOLS' FESTIVAL
\uung fchort soon after arrival secured
a position in a wholesale house as clerk
and continued as such until some yeara
after he had attained his majority. He
ran with the "machine" and was a mem
ber of one of the early fire companies. He
took an active interest in politics and dur
ing the troublous times of the war stood
lor the cause of unionism. He held some
minor political clerkships during that
time.
His first public office was that of nound
tnaster and he held that place for 'twelve
years, successive changes of administra.
tion seeming to have but .little effect upon
mm. About the time the California-street
line was completed to Fi..more street
Short opened a stable near the terminus
and continued in that business for a num
ber of years. He finally gave this busi
ness up and re-entered the political field.
He was employed as a deputv county
O«rk under William J. Blattner and
Charles F. Curry. Martin J. Fragley,
while Superintendent of Streets, appointed
him a deputy and later Sheriff John Lack*
mann made him a bailiff, assigning him to
duty in Judge Troutt's department of the
Superior Court.
Short, while a clerk In the employ of
>olan & Co., wholesale grocers, was mar
ried to Miss Margaret Wilson. Two chil
dren survive. Mollle E. and David M.
Short Jr. His wife died some years ajro
He was a member of the Veteran Volun
teer Firemen s Association and a mem
ber of tnlon Lodge of the Knights of
Honor. No arrangements have as yet
been made for the funeral, but it will
probably take place to-morrow afternoon
The deceased was born in New York
City, January 9, 1SSG, and was educated in
the schools of that city. His father, John
Short, better know perhaps as" Captain
John Short, who lor many years was u
captain of police in this city, left New
>ork m IMS and arrived in San Kranclsco
:n July of that year. Two years later he
returned to New York anu brought his
family with him, arriving for the second
time on nis son's sixteenth birthday, Jan
uary !*, 1S52.
David M. Short, for many years identi
fied with local Republican politics, died
at his resilience. 1£23 Scott street, early
yesterday morning after a very brief Ill
ness. Although a sufferer for years with
an asthmatic affection. It was not until
three days ago that his heart became af
fected, death following soon.
Prevent Him Making Outcry
and Secure Belt Con
tainng $250.
He Had Filled "Public Posi
tions With Credit for
Number of Years.
Fortunately Accident Occurs
When the Structures
Are Unoccupied.
Their Collapse Probably
Due to an Explosion
of Gas. •
Vegetation in the South
freshened by tne
Farmers Hopeful f That the
Needed Downpour
, Has Started.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. - 19.— Fif teen hun
dredthsof an inch of rain fell here, be
tween midnight and 2 o'clock to-day,
after which the skies cleared and all in
dications of further precipitation disap
peared. .
Showers were quite general throughout
the section bordering on the coast, extend
ing : as '; far east" as San Bernardino and
south (to San Diego. The need of rain is
very great air over the southern part of
the State; especially on the ranges, where
it is said grass is becoming short.
While the' light showers of to-day fresh
ened vegetation to a certain extent, the
benefit.: will not be lasting unless more
moisture comes at once. The local weather
bureau states that , the barometer is ris
ing rapidly, with a west wind blowing,
making it extremely unlikely that fur
ther rainfair.will occur in^hls section for
the present at least. The total precipita
tion for the season is given out as 2.52,
which is far behind last season, when the
figures were 6.87 up to the corresponding
date. .
Heavy black clouds hung over the
mountains all day and it is said consider
! able snow has fallen in the high ranges
to the northeast. Redlands reports good
showers early to-day, with prospects of
more. At Santa Barbara rain began fall
ing at 9 o'clock last night and continued
In showers for several hours. .' Every drop
In ' that section is welcomed, but it is the
opinion of agriculturists that an unusual
amount ; of rain will be required to bring
about average conditions.
; - Santa Ana was wetted by about .15 of
an Inch after midnight, but the clouds
cleared away this morning and the storm
appears to be over. Many . other places
report showers which were soon drunk up
by the. thirsty earth. The weather to
night is clear and cool, with a" brisk wind.
. BAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 19.— Rain be
gan falling here about L o'clock this morn
ing and continued In frequent showers
until 9 o'clock, the total precipi
tation amounting to .16 of an inch. Since
9 o'clock the weather has been threaten
ing and indications are good for more
rain to-night and to-morrow. In the
mountains snow fell heavily, covering the
foothills nearly to the level of the valley.
No definite reports have been received
from there, but rumor places the snowfall
at eight inches. • •'. = • . ¦'•. ¦: ;j\. •
SAN MIGUEL. Jan. 19.— After fifty-one
days of sunshine about a quarter of an
inch of rain fell last night. The last
shower was on November . 29, 1901. when
only .34 of an inch was recorded. For the
season thus far 1.44 inches, against 7.97
inches to the same date last year is the
record. Heavy clouds hang low and con
ditions are • favorable for 'a continuance
of the storm.
PASO KOBLES, Jan. 19.— It commenced
raining here last night, but the storm
stopped and It is clear to-day. People
here are jubilant over the rain and feel
that the drought Is now broken. ' Last
night's rain amounted to .33 of an inch.
Crops have stood the drought well, though
the acreage sown Is not as large as usual
at this time of year. Feed is in good con
dition.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 19.— The storm Is over
and the sky is clear to-night. The rain
fall has been sufficient In the country to
be of substantial benefit to farmers whose
lands had been plowed and seeded I*ala
reports .50, Chula Vista .35, Sweet Water
.25. Del Mar .50 and Descanso an Inch of
rain and an Inch and a half, of snow, and
Cuyamaca six inches of snow.
TULARE, Jan. 19.— There was a light
shower here last night and there is pros
pect that more rain will fall. The crops
have not suffered from drought.
o ¦H--i-H"K"i-:-i"i":"i"i"i ii i n i h. $
BRINGS SORROW
TO HIS FAMILY
Mpntan a Convict Forger
Is' Son of a Wealthy
New Yorker.- p.
BUTTE, Mont.. Jan. 19.— It has just been
disclosed that Launcellot G. R. Living
ston, the forger convict in the Montana
penitentiary on whose behalf a remark
able petition was sent to Governor Toole
a few days ago asking for a pardon, is
Gideon Granger, son of I. Albert Granger,
a prominent business man of. New York
City, and nephew of A. H. Granger, also
of that city, and former son-in-law of ex-
Commissioner of - Police . McClade. His
Identity | waa disclosed by the Investiga
tions made by. Governor. Toole when he
learned that : the mass of prominent
names on the petition for pardon were
forgeries, among the names being those
of President Roosevelt, Thomas A. Edi
son, Dr. Farkhurst and a score of other
prominent men of New York.
Livingston Is said to be a descendant of
Philip Livingston, one of the signers of
the Declaration of Independence, and . of
Gideon Granger, Postmaster General un
der William Henry Harrison. He was
also In Roosevelt's company of Rough
Riders in Cuba, and after the -war cam"
to • Montana, where he resorted to an old
and familiar trick of his for raising money
'by. forging checks, for, which he is now
serving a five-year term in prison. A still
more interesting discovery concerning thg
convict has been made by a young woman
of Butte, who was formerly. Miss Myrtle
Clay bourne, daughter of a well-known cit
izen, now dead. A few weeks before Liv
ingston was arrested, last April, she met
him and knew him by the name of Gideon
R. Llngston. After a short ; acquaintance
she was ; persuaded, almost' forced, she
says, to marry him. but immediately after
the ceremony she fled from him, realizing
the mistake she had made. She never
saw him again and did not know what
had become of him until ¦ she read of her
husband's name among the aliases of the
convict for whose pardon. the forged peti
tion was sent to the Governor. She start
ed an investigation to determine whether
the . convict and : her husband ; were one
and the £ame person, and soon convinced
herself of that. She has now began pro
ceedings to have her marriage annulled.
Thugs Hold Up John Sul
livan at Frequented
Corner.
Death Calis Him m the
Early Hours oT the
Morning.
Track Work at University of California Begins With
All Material Promiisirig Well!
FOUR BUILDINGS
SUDDENLY FALL
STORM SHEDS
TIMELY SHOWERS
SOB A SOLDIER
OF LARGE SUM
DAVID M. SHORT
STRICKEN DOWN
TRIED ATHUETES WILL STRIVE
TO BREAK THEIR OWN RECORDS
THE SA-N FRANCISCO ."¦ -.C^IiD,v:JMONDAY; ;^ JANU^Y^ 20, 1902^
7
This elgnahire ii on every box of tbe gannlae
. Laxative Bromo-Quinine i saw* k K
tbtj remedy that eurea • c«M ' lit «m <toji
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Food
makes a food that
is like mother's
Babies toortb looking at in cur book,
"Mellin's Food Babies ** Free..
MelHnV Food Co.. Boston. Mass. •
Thl b signature is oa every box of the genuine
. Laxative Bromo^QuinineTabieu
U»/ remedy that cures a cola in one <t«r<
THE WORLD'S MEDICINE. 1
. FOR ALL
BILIOUS and NERVOUS DISORDERS,
Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,
IWeak Stomach.; Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.
r Prepared only by the Proprietor, Thomas Bezcham, St. Helens, Eng.. and
. 1 . S65 Canal Street, New York. Sold erexy where in boxes, 10c. and 25a,THE SAl^ FRANGISCQ, CALL, MONDAY; JANUARY 20, 1902.
8
SPIRITUALISM. ; :^.__.v
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun., 8 p. m. ;: 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance,' bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY; 1052 Ellis, bet Franklin and
/Gough; phone- Larkin 3761— Seances Sun.;
I Tues., Thurs., 8:16 p. m. ; 25c; readings, < 10-5.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st; readings dally.
50c and . $1; s every night; 10c. • .-
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium, "rain
or sunshine, for short stay. , 309 Turk st. .'
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis; readings daily;
-phone Polk 1601; eeance Sunday and Thura:
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. V
KNOW THY~FUTURB ; -- ' . V r "~ ': :
And Prospects for 1802 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
-V- ' CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. : v
Advice on business, speculation,' all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' : quarrels, re-
unites " the separated, tells ' whom you will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or influence , any one
you love or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours... 10 to 7
daily; 10 to 5 Sundays: Reception rooms, 13,
14, first floor. 1104— MARKET ST— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's. '
MME. M. BERNARD, ~~~~~ . ' ¦ .-
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly,- gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great mer
dlum and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
' 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp -for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
SPECIAL — 10c and this notice; no long story;
Just what you -want to know; consultation on
all matters; love, marriage, divorce, - family
troubles, sickness; we convince all. Parlors
1, 2 and 3. 607 Kearny st. :
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant,' tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Cth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a.m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
- diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. 1 50. 126 Turk..
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis: clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
1 ques.; full names; 50c-?l:. 10 a. m. to 8 p.m.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant. " 349%
Minna St., near Fifth.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. LA VON, wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234% S^xth st.
MME. Odell; clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future: L. 25c: G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
50c. $1— Prof. Weller, clair., palmist, card read-
er; mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
- reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563.-
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy/to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25e up. 5 Fourth st. -
"dentTstsT^
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1: gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
- plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and ' guaranteed. $5 up.
• Painless extraction^ ¦¦•¦¦' '
-. I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions • or fillings by .my
wonderful secret painless method: 20. years*
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell. st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market cor.
•4th.-rm.'7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; eold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50
up; office hours.. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER.' P.P. S.- Manager".
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
.warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates $5. full set;- all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth sf
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext., 50c; plates ?5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DOG SPECIALIST. .
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY^ canine specialist,
late of New York City. . has just located at
906 Jones et, where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated, animals; office
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 20S5. ¦ -
DOG HOSPITALS~ ".
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
.Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL^ Of1el3ctRICAl' ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; . thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. . - - . .' ~ -
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month ; $50 life scholarship guaran-
. tees a complete bus. education ; shorthand,
typing, . bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship.
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES,' 24 POST ST.,
8. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The '. LYCEUM, an . accredited : preparatory
school for the university, law * and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan. building.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account's: figures.
TARR, expert accountant • 220 1 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: Individual instruction; catalogue.'.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlhing, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
¦ der Kaillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new tiO-page catalogue free.', 305 Larkin st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and "the
' Gregg shorthand costs u only $60. San Fran-
Cisco Business College. 1236 Market' st.
A — The official reporters of Supreme I Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice . worth
following? Life-, scholarship j $50; | catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with ; theatrical^-' agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell , «t
A — THE Leo ' Cooper School of 'Acting has i re-
moved to Native Hall. 414 Mason st. ¦-¦!.
LADY: teacher would like a' few more Juvenile
piano pupils; 50c an hour. Box 2879, Call. -
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH, French,etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post;est&b'd 1871;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taupht by 'mall or personally.
MIffi M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery sf
VIOLIN,' mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher." 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, - typing. '» bookkep. ; f $6 ¦ mo/
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' R ' DAY : and
ILLUSTRATION— night f class, r <2 V Pine St. ¦ ,
MARY P. WESTH AUS. piano,' mandolin* guitar
lessors. 60c; -piano for practice.. 39 Fifth 'st
HEALD'S Business ¦ Collegre. 24 Post , st, S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. .
CHEAPEST and best in ; America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to : any address in the
United States or- Canada one year for $1.*-
. *; EMPLOYMENT / OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE '. reliable house-cleaning. . cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice.' GEO/ KI-
NOSHITA. ¦ 1233 Page.~ cor.Lyon ;tel.FelI 8501.'
CHINESE and Japanese help; - estab. ' 20 yeaxs."
Tel. Main 1997.' BRADLEY. & CO.;t 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and ; Chinese best ' help; ; cook and
waiter. 421 Post, OEO.fA.OKl; teL Bush 135.
CHINESE , and j Japanese .' Employment Office —
Best help.- 411% O'Farrell st:. tel. East 420/
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-'
flee; ell kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOTlHEJfTiOFFICES— •Continued
JAPANESE ' Intelligence Office— Furnish moat
: A reliable help. ;, J 524 Bush st. ;* teL Bush B16.;;
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese," -Chl-
- nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter-.tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT
A' GERMAN 1 woman wants I a situation to «to
; , . general ; housework or " housekeeping; . good,
• plain cook; by week or month; city or coun-
try; $15 per month.- /Box 3567. Call office.-- '
WANTED — By ' experienced Swedish girl, sec-
:. ond- work -In; a-. private family. 1714 Oc-
¦'tavla Bt. • -;. ¦ •..-¦.; ¦ : :, ¦ ¦''".-
GERMAN lady . would like position ; r house-
- keeper;., good cook; with '• ref erences. -162
Jessie st.' opposite Palace Hotel.. ...-' -'¦
WANTED— By "competent young-/ woman, a
" situation ' as cook or to do housework; city or
country. : Address 25% Oak st.', In rear.;,
POSITION - as ' working housekeeper; best of
. references "given. /"Address box 3674. Call.
YOUNG, lady graduate U. C.'. desires - position
as. governess or tutor in private family;
knowledge of music. "A, 2119 Hearst ave.,
"'Berkeley. ,,..-;." : r .:\ '-. . ; , .' — - U . '•' ¦'¦ ..
DRESSMAKER of experience In young ladies'
.and ' children's clothes, also altering and
making over, $1- 25 per • day In families.
,1237 Webster ;st.-, near Ellis. ¦ :,.. .' . ;.
NORWEGIAN woman : ; wants work by the day
washing. Ironing or sewing. 43 Hardy ste >
AN expert fitter. ' dressmaker and ladies', tailor
¦-• desires 1 -work * by - tho ¦ day in families. - Box
¦ 3596, Call office, or 'telephone Sutter 1873.
STENOGRAPHER desires situation; - salary
moderate-Box 3589. Call. *
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
/ing housekeeper: neat- and reliable.. . MRS.
/ M. . FAIRBANKS, Cotatl, Sonoma County. '.; ,
WANTED^-By.a lady v with. 1 child 12 years
,.. old, situation as housekeeper or any kind of
/ work by month. Call or address ; 311 ; Minna,
PROOFREADER wishes situation; no typeset-
ting; will commence at $12 week. " Box 2843,
Call office. . - '-. . :
YOUNG - lady would like temporary work ' as
office assistant; good penman ; good at flg-
'.urcs.J Address F.R., 1320 Ellis- st
WOMAN, would like any kind of work from 8
a. m. to 4 p. m.;_ this side of the bay. 2022
yWoolsey.st., Lorln. Berkeley. ; .. : . <-
WINCHESTER House.' 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1.60
• to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. ': •' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call, branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOirJ
Valencia st. "• J- -%' ;"' - ' .;
I EMPLOYMENT WAMTEU MALE. •
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as watch-
.. man in store or factory or any other , light
work; small wages; can give references.
Address box 3575. Call office. - ; . . ¦
YOUNG man, Japanese, ¦ trustworthy, most
economical, . good cook, or flrst-class waiter,
wishes position; speaks good, English. W.
O. K.. , 403 Dupont , st.
YOUNG man wishes position as coachman', or
man about place In private family; has good
references. * Box 3570. : Call office. . .
GARDENER, with many years' experience In
all its branches in the Eastern States. 2
years in California, wishes position as head
gardener in a private place to the 1st of Feb-
ruary. Box 2212. Call. :~~
YOUNG man of 21 with some experience in
• wholesale liquor house would like -a posi-
tion where there'is chance for advancement.
' Box 3585, Call office. . : ¦*
BRIGHT boy of 16 would like a position where
.there is chance for advancement or to learn
a good trade. L: H.. 1115 Steiner st. .
WANTED — Work of any kind by young man
where I can devote some time to studying;
-honest- and industrious; moderate wages.
Box 3597. Call. ... . ¦ . -
POSITION wanted by young man 26 years of
age as bookkeeper or clerk in a wholesale or
retail house, either city or country. Box
2S35, Call office. . t
BRICKLAYER ; wants work either by day or
contract: 'first-class oven builder. Address
'-• Bricklayer, 322 . Sixth st
WANTED — Position in store or office or 'to
¦ travel for E wholesale house by trustworthy
man. Box 3516, Call office.
RELIABLE young man wishes position in city
or country store as clerk and window dresser;
has experience and reference. Box 2847, Call.
FIRST-CLASS baker, foreman, milk or home-
made bread, i wants work. Address Baker,
225 Third st, Oakland. , \ w.-
A YOUNG, man wishes a position as assistant
¦ ¦ -bookkeeper:' --Address 164 B Russ st- : *"* " .
COACHMAN, English, wants situation; city or
. country; flrst-class. refs. Box 3592, Call. . .:¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH, office forCall advertisements and
, subscriptions has j been established at 1006
' Valencia st. • . • < -.¦¦--
v-/"'; FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken In payment
for services; good propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
. stock brokers, 32(5 Post st. :
! PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-S-9 Parrott. bldg.
•_ _i_J j^LATS TO 1/ET.
EUREKA; 14, near 17th — Flat of 0 rooms and
bath; newly cleaned and painted; ' rent $20;
water free. "Key at premises.
A— SIXTH ave. and . Fulton st, facing Golden
Gate Park; brand new; modern: 6 rms., bath.
NEW upper sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and
bath.. 069^ Golden Gate ave. ; no children. .
PLEASANT, 28", nr:v Sacramento, above Taylor
— Sunny modern flat, 6 rooms; marine view.
- FrRXISHED FLAT WANTED. .
FURNISHED flat wanted by young .married
£| couple ; no children ; : a neatly furnished flat
of 5 or 6 rooms: location north of O'Farrell
/.and east of Devisadero; must be scrupulously
clean and contain ¦¦ - modern . Improvements ;
state rent. Address box 2834. Call office.
FLATS WANTED.
SMALL furnished flat or 3 or 4 housekeeping
rooms./ Box 2860; Call. •-....
¦ FURNITURE FOR SALE. /
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
/. FURNITURE WANTED. Y'
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays hlghelT
.price for 6econd-hand furniture: tel. Red 1331.
- GLOVES. V
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the wo. id;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave. '
: HELP * VVANTED— FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO:. Phone Main 1575.
• ;...... . HOTEL, DEPARTMENT . . V". . . : .
- : 3 : first-class ' waitresses. $25; country; wait-
ress, $22 50, fare paid ; ? restaurant waitress,
$7, country; waitress $30, city; 8 waitresses,
city and country, $20 and . $25; 2 chamber-
-. maids to waltdlnner, $20.'. .... ¦..:...'
. .~; . . . . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT ... TV
Cook, $30; cook, $25; houseglrl, 5 in ; family,
San , Rafael, -¦ see - lady here, , $25; > houseglrl,
Belvedere, . $30 ; . second ' girl and seamstress, :
$20; 10 housegirls, : $15 to $25; many : other
. choice places, best wages. ; MRS. M. E. DAY
, & CO., 335 Geary st. . -:. I ~ :-:,". J
'A— WANTED— -Girls and (women at 8.' F. Halr-
dressing . College to learn halrdressing trade
thoroughly in 2 weeks; course $5, Including
! . manicuring,; massage, scalp treatment, bleach-
Ing, . dyeing," ventilating, weaving, j switch and
;wlg making; positions guaranteed each grad-
- uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement; filling positions in stores all
/;over city; 5 positions in leading stores open to
those entering Immediately; girl not knowing
- trade In 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 233 Geary. jr. 13-15.
.OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32%? Fremont st; no experience
¦ necessary: good pay, steady work. Apply to
AT 233 Third ave., between Clement and Cali-
, .--. fornla' sts.,- girl -for upstairs i work and- care
-of ,'¦ small ¦ children : »": $15; - ¦ experienced ; r>. take
./Geary or. Sutter st.:cars, Richmond district.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker [and finisher;
.'steady, work;. good wages; all on coats. :40
•¦ :Elli3 ; sf.v room ; 47.. /., *•¦ ;.'
WANTED-^-Waist finishers - and ; improvers , ar.
..-' dressmakl ng. . 330 , 0' Farrell ¦ st.' f ¦ ¦ ;;• ; -; ; ;.'.-¦ -.
WANTED— Nursegirl to ' take : care ; of ; 1, child ;
must sleep home ; . $12. < 816 : Sutter st.
RESPONSIBLE .-;, person -' ' for '-'¦.; rooming-house.
. Call after 9 a. m.^at , 069 Mission st ;
WANTED-^Nursegirl ; -sleep : home/" 'Apply • 234
-±'- n ' Joae av e./ near..Twenty T flfth st'
GIRL" for ; housework.' :; 1235 : Geary I st.,' * corner
.-: Gough. -V -- •y-.-..- , ..: - w . , ... ,~ . . .. [- ¦ : . a x - .;
WANTED-^-Reliable girl to ', assist ¦ in • general
I / housework. ¦ . 41S ' Brannan ; st.",-, bakery. <¦ A ¦. t.
, HELP WASTED^ — FEMALE Con. a.-
' WANTED— An I experienced ¦ Protestant womaj^.
: to ; do • light upstairs work in small family ;
• must be good seamstress and able to do mani-
V'i curing : and halrdressing; location near ' San
I Rafael; , give references. Box- 2894. Call.
CAL. College of Halrdressing and Massage su-
perior to all others; ladies requested to visit
:the classes; all who enter, this week get full
. course for $4. .305 Larkin st; take elevator;
• ladies' : work done free.' ;. - ¦- . ' .
IMMEDIATELY. '20 ladles to make -our adver-
¦¦' tlslng novelties; home work; permanent; good
pay; light, easy/dainty. - Apply 9. to 12 Mon-
day to Friday, 618 Eddy st, ':
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer., Ap-
¦ ply at HALE BROS., between 8 and 11 a. m.
OPERATORS on . waiters' * coats and aprons;
.-¦ power; steady, work. = 123 Pine st
NEAT : German • or : -; Swedish girl for . second
v work. 'Apply 1918 * Jackson st. • , ¦
WOMAN capable of directing employes; travel-
,-.. Ing required.. Box S595. Call office. -
GIRL to assist in general housework in small
/family.- 484 -Frederick st. > near Stanyan. ;
GIRL for housework. 51 Cumberland, bet. 19th
6 20th,' Guerrero & Dolores; before 12, aft 5.
. PEESSERS to work In factory. :' 656 Mission
\ Ft , arply 3d floor, v - --¦¦;
A GERMAN" woman as governess ; state re-
: llglon; salary $30. Box 2994. Call. ~
WANTED — German girl for light housework.
419 Jones st. . .. , ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call. branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH of file, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
-¦Valencia st' ' ' . . ¦ ' ¦••'
; HELP WASTED—MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY..... Phone Main 6843
. .Leading Employment and Labor Agents. .'
....... .-. . • OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. . . . . ;
Blacksmith, country shop ..$50 and found
. - Brick mason, country. $90 and found
-Catholic choreman. Institution. .$25 and found
Milk wagon driver, city .$25 and found
'Choreman for ranch. $30; 3 milkers. $30 and
found; 12 farm, orchard and vineyard hands,
$20 and $25 and found; farmer and wife; 10
' tiemakers, reduced railroad rates, virgin tim-
ber, new camp; 25 woodchoppers, $1 to $1 75
T. T ... .'.'.'.' HOTEL DEPARTMENT* ".".*.".". '.'.".'."
Chef and second cook, country hotel, $80:
7 cooks, different places, city and country:
3 waiters, .country; German waiter; kitchen
MURRAY ' & RE' AD Y*.*.'.*.*.*.'. : .63*4'-*636' Clay st
AT C. R.- HANSEN & CO.'s!.... 104 Geary st.
Wanted— 500 men for new railroad work in
Nevada .' $2 . a day
.Free Fare... Ship Dally... Free Fare....'
• Carpenters, country, $2 50 a day | and found,
see party here ; engineer and electrician for
hotel plant, $55 and board; 50 tiemakers and
.men to learn tlemaking, 12c to 14c a tie....
..'.. . HOTEL DEPARTMENT
¦Steward and head waiter, hotel, $60; hotel
. butcher, country hotel, $70; short-order cook
.for cafe, country hotel, $75; meat and pastry
cook for hotel In Nevada, $75; broiler, res-
taurant, $70...... " r. .'.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
WAITER for Institution, country, $25. with
board, lodging and laundry; gardener and
chores,, for springs hotel. $25; gardener and
milk 2 cows, country, $25; driver for milk
route, $30; coopers, slack work, $30 to $35;
redwood tfemakers, good timber, see boss
here; basalt block makers, piece or day
s work; foreman for sash and door factory;
cabinetmaker used to organ work; book can-
vassers, $1 50 to $2 a day; man to take a
contract for cutting wood; blacksmith to rent
country shop. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st. : ' , .
FOREMAN for sash and door factory: setter
- for mill, $60 to $75: milker. $30; teamsters;
$2 to $2 25 day; lroner, $1 50 day; driver for
milk wagon, $30 and found; piano player for
country; carriage blacksmith, $3 50 day; 2
farmers and wives, $35 and $40; fruit far-
mer $25; cooks. ' waiters; butler, $40. and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento _*t~-~ 1 __^__*______^___^^_i___^
WANTED— Man with $75 for restaurant ; $30
month; no experience. BROWN & CO., 1221
Market Bt. , - ' ¦ •' .
WANTED — Reliable young man with $100 to
'• $175 cash; $15 week; steady place: no ex-
perience. If you have" the cash apply
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st --..,.
BIG snap— Fine opening for man and wife with
$100; restaurant;- receipts $10 day; living
rooms. BROWN. 1221 Market st. . V :
LIFE chance for a sober.- steady, trustworthy
young man as partner In groceries, fruit, veg-
etables, candles, nuts, _ cigars and tobacco
store; best location in- Oakland; $375 • re-
; ' quired: positively a bargain to suitable " par-
ty. ¦;.: 775 Washington 'st, cor. 5th, Oakland.
WANTED— For wholesale- house, an . lntelll-
• gent, strong, active boy of about 16 years of
age; must have recommendations. Address
box 3577. Call office. ¦ ¦!•',. - r
WANTED — A young man with : experience in
" cutting women's muslin underwear and
. wrappers.' Box 3569, Call office. - .
A — STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75
mon th. . Apply 209 Kearny St., 1.
BOY wanted. 626 Montgomery st. ; 1 call ¦ be-
tween 9; and 12.
WANTED — First-class barber. 39% Turk st.
BARBER — Young man some experience - to
finish trade. Elite barber shop, 761 Howard.
BARBER wanted: $17 a week. 6 Market st
STRONG boy wanted at SC3 Valencia rt.
ERRAND boy wanted for flower store. Apply
at 317 Sutter st .
DISHWASHER wanted at 422 Sixth st -
WANTED — A first-class tailor immediately;
¦¦• custom - work. N. ' PERSICO, 3310 Mission.
STEADY, sober man as third waiter; $25 and
found.. Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave.
STRONG .boy in butcher shop. 1823 . Point
Lobos ave. _. ;. : ...
ENERGETIC man wanted to handle a line of
medium and fine pocket , books and fancy
leather goods on , commission in . connection
with similar lines; : they are especially, suited
for > fine retailers, as they range in price
from $9 per dozen up. Should ' have some
knowledge of the goods to handle. them suc-
cessfully. . ¦ In replying give age, experience,
' reference and territory proposed covering.
Pocket Books, box 537, Philadelphia,
CITY and country, drummer for established
printing house and bindery; steady - employ-
ment; salary and commission to experienced
man controlling trade. Address, with ref er-
.ence,.box 3518 M Call. .
WANTED — A young: man; must have expe-
' rience in clothing and furnishing goods. Ap-
ply 62-60 Third st. . .> ,
WANTED — Men, and women everywhere to
make big. money on a new proposition. 610
. Montgomery St., rooms 7. .
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
V character, between the. ages of 21 and 35; not
' less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet I
Inch: able to speak and read « English.: ; For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. . 40 Ellis st. San. Francisco.
WANTED— Bright young man from 17 - to 2C
> years of age; must be good at figures; state
; agp and "salary expected. Box >2S64. . Call.
BARBERS,' attention; for sale— one of the best
paying -barber shops and bath I In the city,
: price $2750; only party, with above amount
, need apply. Box 2881, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced -domestic " salesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. •
2-CHAIR barber shop for." sale cheap. 1119A
¦„ Folsom st. : \.
BARBERS — Good' 2-chair shop, near city.
¦ DECKELMAN BROS.. -106 Ellis st. y .
WANTED— A competent qualified shoe trav-
" eier for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
' rltory; -state salary and where employed. Box
': ; 2279. Call office. ! . i ; ' ,
¦WANTED— Men to - learn barber trade; eight
• weeks; tools'. donated ;' situation guaranteed:
°- catalogue mailed free ; '¦ discount this - month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
.WANTED— Laborers : and mechanics " to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
... runs Denver House, 217. Third st ; ISO large
rooms; 25c pe^ night; $t to $2 per, week.
MEN * to '¦> learn 1 ; barber trade ; . barbers -in de-
jmand: only requires 8 weeks;. tools donated;
I catalogue free. -.MOLER'S '-BARBER -COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st • ; :: .
'ALL ' size men's I shoes.', slightly . damaged, - half
: r price. ¦¦., 563 Mission st.. bet . 1st and 2d sts. - •
*YOUNG i men to ¦¦ learn -barber \ trade; catalogue
¦ ; •¦; mailed.v S. s F. ? Barber College.- 741 A" Howard.
MCDONALD & PERRY have BOO pairs second-
' hard shoes for sals; 50c up. .',241 Third sf '
500 MEN to but new and 2d-hand army shoes,
¦r^COc up; soling'20c,up. 1 923 Howard sf." nr.5th.^
PENSION "atty.. . E. fA? Bullls/ 3,': 40.V Phelan
\ l . big. . Past Com. : Geo. ¦ H.; Thomas Post," G.A.R.'
SAILORS, : ordinary/ for /ships - for . all parts : of
;» . the world. J HERMAN'S. 1 26 Steuart st , . . -:,
GET 'your shoes half-soled 'while" waiting- 25c
:.,.:, to 60c. f ; 563 ; Mission ; st;' £ bet* .; 1st and 2d Tsts. '
.WINCHESTER House.- 44 Third Et, near Mar-
ket — 200 1 rooms, ;-, 25c :s night; dreading rooms;
. free 'bus and. baggage to and; from ferry. .
.CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
', received at Call ; branch 1 office, 2200 Fillmore.*
A BRANCH office | for Call ] advertisements and
•^subscriptions ¦' has ;• been ' established at 10LKJ
\ Valencia st. r ' ., ;>,¦-¦ '
SAIf FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS • OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
G39 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open
nnti! 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. . m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery
No. 16. K. T.. 625 Sutter st— TH"
Stated assembly THIS EVENING at BDM •
S o'clock. Order of Temple. All fra-
ters are courteously invited.
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. '_
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal ¦
Arch Masor.s. meets THIS EVENING.
Business and M. M. degree. . '.faJs
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. I*
OCCIDENTAL Lodge Xo. 22. F. and m
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVEN- Jl
IXG, at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. «TT
By order o^theW^M. %?
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. m
and A. M., 1S39 Fillmore Et First
depree THIS EVENING at 7:30 TZjZ
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR, Sec. '^T y
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O.
O F — Installation of officers ¦§2£«55c=
MONDAY EVENING. January
20. Members and visitors wel- ''w/nvv
come. C E. HOWARD, N. G.
THE St. Andrew's Society will cele- » r» n^
brate the anniversary of the birth ?V- QQ/J
of ROBERT BURNS with a con- 'tfOkt*
cert and social dance in Scottish
Hall, 111 Larkin st. on FRIDAY EVENING,
January 24. Admission 25c.
JAMES ROLPH JR., President
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
FUNERAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the lot owners In the Masonic ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY. February 4, 1902. at 2 o'.clock
p. in., for the election of five trustees and
such business as may legally come before
them. THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
THE rerular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco 'will be held at the office or the
company In the Cnlon Trust Company's
building corner Post Montgomery and Mar-
ket sts., San Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY,
the 3d flay of February. 1902, at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the following
year, the amendment of the by-laws of the
company and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L W. FFT-t.max JR., Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. C. Murphy In the Hidden
Treasure Hydraulic mine, at Kelsey. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey
Canyon; from John Pascoe and W. H. Se-
combe. In the Chili Ravine gravel mine, near
Placervllle, El Dorago County, to deposit
tailings In Chill Ravine: from Warren T.
Russell, in the Happy Flat placer mine, at
Garden Valley. El Dorado County, to de-
posit tailings in Happy Flat Creek, and from
Wentz Bros., in their mine., near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a flat below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 69. Flood build-
ins. San Francisco. CaL, on February 3,
1902, at 1:30 p. m. -
ANNUAL MEETING— OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office of the
company, S27 Market street in the City and
County of San Francisco. State of California,
on TUESDAY, the 21et day of January, 1302.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of euch other . business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will dose on
Friday. January 10. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated 1 Railroad Company will
be held at the office of the company. 327
. Market et San FrandECo. on MONDAY.
the 20th day of January. 1902, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of elect-
Ing a board of directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books 'will close on Friday, Jan-
uary 17. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HAKNAM. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Ean Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Co., 415 Post 8t. San Francisco, Cal.—
The annual meeting cf the etockiiolders of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
¦will be held at the office of the company, 415
Poet 6t, in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, at 12 o'clock m. on TUESDAY, Janu-
ary 21. 1302. The transfer books of the com-
pany will be closed from January 10, 1902, to
and including January 21, 1902.
(Signed) WILLIAM G. BARRETT,
Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 6, 1902.
CTOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— The annual
meeting of the stockholder! of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market st. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21, 1902.- at 11 o'clock
s.. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
<Urectors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
m&y come before the meeting.
J. O*B. GUICN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market st. San Francisco, CaL
Jannary 8. 1902.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the California
Bugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the corr.pery, 327 Market st. Ean Fran-
cisco. CaL, on Monday, the third day of
February. 1S02, at the hour -of 11 o'clock
a- ra-. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year,
and the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
CHAS. A. Gn>SON. Secretary.
APOPTIOS.
BRUNETTE Infant for adoption; also boy
beby 2 years old. EMTT.TB FUNKE. 1416
Eighth st. Alameaa.
~ ASTROLOGY. ~~
HOROSCOPES — Prospects predicted, difficulties
avoided, advice in social and business af-
faire; readings by malL RAYMOND. 227
Taylor st
ATTORJfETS AT LAW. ~~
B. "W. KUCG, atty. "P^*™ bldg.. 6th floor, nn.
613; aJJ cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc. ; legal papers drawn: consultation free;no
advance charges, open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty;quick:quiet;
no cnarge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st. cor. StocktOR.
ADVICE free: divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bilis of sale; partner-
ehlps: deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thnrston.819 Market
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. "W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARDCtG FOR CHILDREN.
BERKELEY — Good home for children; near
school; $8 up. 2127 Prince st
GOOD home for email child; object, company.
Call or add. 831 Thirty-fourth st. Oakland.
GERMAN lady would like couple' of children to
. .board; sunny yard. 439 Minna st '
BOOKS SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howardvme!
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $1000; ~CANDY store on Mission st ; rent
f IS; place establ. years and doing a good pay-
ing business; value in sight Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et: •
A — $750; TURKISH and Russian bath house in
Portland. Or.; rent $25; lease; low expenses
and first-class paying business; knowledge of
business not necessary- Meet owner in office
of R. G. WILKE, 26V6 Kearny st.
A — 11000: HAY. grain, wood and coal yard on
Mission st; rent $40; estab. 20 years; other
business compels owner to sacrifice; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A— $700: RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located in and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given
Call R. G. WILKE, 20*4 Kearny st
$500— POULTRY and wild game store doing a
good paying business; low rent; location can't
be beat. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at Invoice; location can't be beat
CalUR. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st; ; . •
A — $600; COFEE ealoon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
dose to Chronicle building: bargain; call
soon. R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth st; rent; $20; living rooms; fine
opening for man and wife. Call R. O.
WILKB. 26% Kearny Bt
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE and' saloon
with 16 furnieheu w room»: rent $45; 3 years*
lease; established years; located on Mont-
gomery st. ; good ' business. Call R.* G
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $350; CANDY stand on • Sixth st; . close . to
Market; rent $50; good business; owner other-
wise engaged. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
BUSINESS. CHANCES Continned.V
12750 ! ...?.. ....... . $2750 . ". ". .. '. . T.V^ '". .$2750
Large livery and boarding stable.
Horses, hacks, carriages, buggies, harness
and everything complete. '.
Over SO steady boarders.
Finest location in city.
Party retiring from the business. Full-par-
tlculars by STENBERG CO.. 759 Market -.
$225 — STATIONERY, notion and candy store;
fixtures, showcases, stock Invoice $500; liv-
ing rooms; the place for man and. wife.
STENBERG CO.. 759 Market st .. . ."
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771. ' v
6 Eddy st, rooms 18 and lOia
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, "grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
FOR sale cheap— Bar fixtures and house of 7
rooms to let; near drydocks, South San Fran-
cisco; good location. Apply to McLEOD &
HATJE, 515 Market St., San Francisco.
BUSINESS men! — If- you want quick' sale- list
your business for sale by McBRIDE & CO..
765 Market st ,
|400— A SACRIFICE; restaurant worth $1000;
receipts guaranteed over $21; ; trial- given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. .850 Market.
$190 — FAMILY restaurant; receipts $10 day:
livlngr rooms; cheap rent: fine place for man
and wife; sickness. BROWN, 1221 Market.
J.H.STANTON,real estate and business broker;
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances,
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
daily. Ask C. L. HEDGES, 162 Parrott bldg.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 921 Market Bt.
FOR sale — Hairdresln? and manicuring store;
good business location. 1317 Stockton st.
FOR sale — Old established ¦ oandy store. Ad-
dress box 1066, Palo Alto, Cal.
OLD established grocery and bar; rent $20; a
bargain to-day. Box 3520, Call office.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Grocery and bar at
N.B. cor. Ellis and Taylor sts., belonging to
the estate of Peter Mlesner, deceased; bids
accompanied by 10 per cent deposit will be
received at office of P. Boland, administrator,
23S Montgomery st, until 5 p. m. Wednes-
day, January 22, 1902. Store open from 6
a. m. to 12 p. m. * . . . - .
WANTED — Parties with from $250 to $1000 to
invest in manufacturing a staple article now
on the market 1 ; will bear fullest investiga-
tion; money needed to increase business; best
of references. Address box 2840, Call office.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent: explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton street
$250 — PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required ; ¦ trial given before
buying. 25 Geary Bt, room 4.
$4500— PARTNER wanted for a legitimate
. business, where every dollar Is absolutely se-
cured: only parties meaning business should
answer. *Box 2875, Call office.
FOR sale — A email bazaar located on Market
st; a good business opportunity. Inquire at
916 Market st. room 73.
WANTED — A man to invest $200 or more in
a very profitable permanent business. Call
at 1504 Folsom st., between 10 and 4.
FOR sale cheap; established dental office; best
location. For particulars, P. O. box 151,
Oakland.
A HORSESHOEING shop doing good business
for sale cheap:' selling on account of sick-
ness. Apply S15 Folsom st. ,
FOR sale — A first-class jnerchant tailoring- es-
tablishment in country. Apply REISS BROS.
& CO.. 24 Sutter st
FOR Sale — Tailoring business In the country;
living rooms, furniture, etc. ; doing a good
business. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT — Place for man and wife or
cook and waiter; good business. Box 2814,
Call office.
CANDY store and factory, with living room,
for sale; account illness. 2474 Mission st
$600 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
lejo. CaL ; great chance. P.O. box 275, Vallejo.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st .
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar; subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
LODGIXG-IIOCSES FOU SALE.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
650 Market Bt Tel. Davis 281.
15 rooms, cheap rent good location. ...$1500
10 rooms, cheap rent good furniture. . 600
6 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
20 rooms, central, good payer 1650
20 rooms, good furniture, money maker 2200
20 rooms, snap, see it... ¦ 850
36 rooms," central. .' clears $200 .... .".' . 3200
11 rooms, all full, rent $35 800
35 rooms; swell fain, hotel, good location 6000
30 rooms, cheap rent money maker 1600
12 rooms, good furniture, a bargain... 1000
21 rooms, central, everything new 800
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location £700
5 rooms, sunny flat rent $22 50, snap. 250
10 rooms, new flat elegantly furnished 12U0
S rooms, a beauty, rent $35, clears $50 900
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50 900
9 room's, rent $32, good furniture 450
17 rooms, rent $60, good payer 000
7 rooms, flat, good sunny corner 350
14 rooms, elegantly furnished, bargain. 1250
60 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
see it DONALD INVESTMENT CO../ 850
Market st. '
36-ROOM hotel and bar $1700
14 rooms; on Mission st 450
66 rooms; clears $300 4000
12 rooms; on Golden Gate ave... 650
54 rooms ; price 450
14 rooms; worth $800..... 500
10 rooms; only 300
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1850
* IS rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 950
100 rooms; clears $400 5500
, 37 rooms; on" Market st; 2 entrances;
offices; permanent and transient 2800
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GBXFFIN, 719 Market st. rms, 1-2
"'/- Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call
115 r.; new building; clears $317 month.. $6000
34 r. ; part offices; fine carpets; oak
furniture; 2 floors; clears $109 mo.. 2200
22 r. ; clears $102 per month above all
expenses; 6 blocks N. of Market;
elegant; first-class roomers. --
12 r. ; good furniture; rent $33: clears $40. 400
7 r. ; rent $16; nice; easy installments. 300
WINSTON & WOLF. Z
Reliable Brokers.. 1026 Market St
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.) .
100 rooms; brand new and modern building.
62 rooms; rent $150; fine location. $3500
S3 rooms; workman's hotel; new and
modern building; corner; rent $125;
price 1000
39 rooms; offices; cheap rent; part cash. 2000
29 rooms; rent $75; offices; see it 1400
26 rooms; rent $90; part cash - 2000
500 other, houses to select from.
Call, we have the bargains.
DON'T forget that now is the time to buy or
sell your house or flat, and don't forget that
the man to sell it is FISHER & CO. 935
Market st ; tel. Folsom 1592. . ' ¦
WE have 75 lodging-houses for sale from $300
to $6000; some *ery bargains; If you have
lodging-houses for sale list them with us: we
sell auick. and good, prices. McBRIDE &
CO., 765 Market st.
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or If you want to borrow
MONEY at-1% per cent call on M. E.
RIVES. 916 Market st. rm. 69: tel. Main 128.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE, . . ' ' .'
CALL ON RETSLOFF,
906 MARKET ST. PHONE JOHN 531.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, . ail
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale cheap; 20. rooms;
rent $40; $S0 clear; ¦ transient most; newly
furnished; worth $1000.. Box 2839, Call office.
HOUSE of ten rooms centrally located; all oc-
cupied; rent $30; sunny side of street; parties
going East. Address A. M., box 2S87, - Call.
ROOMING house for sale. $300; cause, death;
17 rms. full; steady roomers. 28% Clay st
j ""^^ — —
j CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted . with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng 'Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th 6t.;tel.Capp25i2.
i ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
! tel Main 394. ; GEO. WALCOM & CO.," Prop.
! RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
j reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
I CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning r Works.
.333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East; 126.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
I vattng'Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74..
COLLECTION OFFICES. -
¦ COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 0th
* floor. 916 Market st : advice free. Tel. BubIi
! . 194; able body of attorneys.; -.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. - Room 310.; 927 Market st
' COTTAGES TO (r LET. ' •
$9— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; big yard. 104. China
j , ave., near Mission at. - ':.-,''
•-_- HORSES AND . WACO^S.
AUCTION sale, Monday. Jan. 20; 40. head
heavy wagon ' and . livery . horses at 11 :30
a. m... Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 and 723
. 'Howard st ' '
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Home
: Market, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagona,
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11,8, m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— At Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st, fl
cheap work horses. 4 sound horses, weight
12'00; fine surrey horses. . v '
FOR sale— Horse, top buggy, harness, good
condition; also good bicycle. 442 Pacific at.
DRUMMERS' sample "gloves for sale at
HEINEMAN* S. 109 Sansome st v
A BARGAIN in eood carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. • DALZIEL. 60S Q. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. R32 Mission.
HOUSES ': TO LET. ,
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1930, near Laguna— Eight rooms,
bath; fine marine view; rent $42 50. '¦
HOUSES; FOR SALE.
NEW modern, house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
. large basement, yard. Portola. off Jvalle r.
bet. Pierce and Steiner. Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
' room 39. 139 Pout st. • '
LOST AND FOUXtf— <;ont|n ?.*'*1^ J> .'
LOST — Scotch . collie; j -white collar halfway
around neck; answers to name of Manly; $5
reward. 2319 Scott, st. , ' ;
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society ' of San Francisco, in the
name of DORA BOHLKEN : No. 208-167.
The finder will please return to bank. *
LOST— Pair gold-rimmed spectacles', on Sacra-
. mecto st. from Lyon to Fillmore; reward.
3102*4 California st. - ' "' ¦'-'-'>
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs oM
Rold and silver to make pew watch caaes.
MACHIXK WOUKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415% Sacramento st. I
builds models and experimental machinery;
- mine hoists 4. 8.. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL. _
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421.
MINES AJfD MINING. -_
A COMPANY, duly Incorporated and owning
a gravel - proposition of exceptional merit,
will dispose of a portion of Its treasury
stock at 50c per share in blocks of 500 shares
or multiples thereof.
The company owns 'and controls many
miles of ancient river channels and gravel
claims carrying gold of high assays, both In
quantity and fineness. Address for Inter-
view Miner, care Palace Hotel.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big., S.
' F. ; branch office, Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MEDf CAlI "-
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist" My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
' been relieved by my medical treatment: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to tha longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market st., opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;"
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 CFarrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell tt.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' f physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 112 Mason st. formerly
of' 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN. ladies' physician; 25
' years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market St., opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and -AIRS. DA VIES' original
-method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement • 1126 Market st, S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
i specialist; a private home before and. during
'confinement; best medical care; low fees..
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office, 122S Market st; 30 years'
. experience in obstetric and other cases.
Dr. Rosen, res. -1349 Alabama st.,' nr. 26th;
treatment $5 to $10;avold delay ;none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE/210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-187 Fremont «t
PHYSICIAN and surgeon's offices (3); ele-
gantly furnished; also latest surgical instru-
ments and electrical appliances, X ray, etc ;
call to-day, 9 to 1, 2 to 5; must be sold at
once. 305 Larkin st., rooms 63 and 64.
TEN gas engines, 2 to 30 H. P. ; fine condition ;
woodworking machinery, electric motors,
some shopworn lathes, steam and power
pumps. BURTON, 44-46 Main St. S. F.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
et2 WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
WALLPAPER 3c, worth 10c; paperhanging.
painting. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st; tel.
Jackson 1321.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick -Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regulax goods. Ii.
S. WHITE. 516-520 Mission st
VERY finest quality sealskin, bust • 36, for
$110 cash; Eame as new coat, $250. Box
2973, Call tlflce. V
GENT'S black suits for mourners" rented for
$2 CO. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
"St., upstairs. . . ;?'
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
... lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine..
FINE : suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
• CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t
JOB printing " outfit for sale cheap. Apply .
Channel St., between Eighth and Ninth.
TYPEWRITERS. . 2d hand, all makes, at low j
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg*y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. . •
WANTED— Five square pianos, good for
. schools. BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st'
OLD Schweltrer violin. 1815, worth $250, only
$90. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 00. Pcrt-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined.- $5.
MUflt Parlors. 23 Stockton st
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
¦ and launches. J. -E. DOAK, 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. -. ' -¦
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento sf ..
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. • Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 ' Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak-
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.* nr. Fifteenth'
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
v MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND gas fixtures ""and • mantels
wanted. Address A. B.. box 2876, Call office
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Address at once,. box 1205. Call office.
TILT ON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods/ 154 »th at; tel. Jessie 2851.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
: edo suits. - Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
~~ MONEY TO LOAN; *
¦ :. $4,500,000 at; lowest rates ....
".'.".?•". on first and. second morteaees "***"*"
....... .7: Life interests in estates
•'•";; 1 ' P . ro S ert3 J heln * held In trust'"""**
....:. Undivided interests in real estat^r -""<
..Life insurance policies, estates in probite"
:
SEE HERMAN MURPHY.^ C03 Exam'lneV big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc 1 ~ ~
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to milt-
City. Oakland.^ Town and Couri^proplrVy"
second. mortgages, life inturane and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided ln-
: teresta In real estate and legaclesV will pur-
>i chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024 mam
MATTAN ; LOAN CO.. 7th l£o?, Cr^ke? bl£
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1863-
proper place. to borrow money on diamonds'
;. Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbl™L<»n
Office. » Grant av.. nr. Mkt: teLfBlack jff°.
ANY amount lowest rate, on furniture Diano
1 . or household z goods, • without reniovlf-' J*™«
; |^Dcts^f^^i^
MO1EV TO ,LOAS— Con«lnit> t l. . ¦"¦'
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ; T
Firm, second and. third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies- bought;: no delay....
G«t my terms before doing business, elsewhere
R McCOLO-AJ* ....._ „
24 Montgomery et.. room 3^........."
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per. cent; first,
¦econd and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
lilt floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OL3EN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary «t; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on. diamonds. Jewelry at,
lowest rates. - Baldwin Jewelry Store, »4«
Market Bt.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
.tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages. 8c on fur-
I nlture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
-lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market, room «13,
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at; room 68.
O^f E per cent on furniturs ; So & xnori* ii on r\
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with--
out indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg. 1
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no -re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 un on furniture, pianos; no com.; private*
party. St Ann's bids.. C Eddy. nn. 72. 4th flr.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commls. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mkt
ON salaries. N. Y. plan: Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSI^EY CO.. 321 Parrott bids.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you . want a home I will loan you money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st •
ON salaries "without Indorser; other proposl-
' tlons. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
3IOXEY WAMED.
$12,000 WANTED at 6 per cent per year on
good- city, property; private parties. Box
1 -3571. Call -office.
INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianoa.
LESTER Pianos. u .Lai- j -
HAMILTON Planoa. t 7 U 3 7 '. ±
SPEILMANN Pianoa. ' " • ' ¦
CECILIAN PIANO FLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS. '
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Port it
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 18 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickeitog. Mason
& Hamlln, Vose, Sterling planoa. ' •
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited it purchased:
Installments $3 up: big allowance for, old
pianos: bargains $25 up in Stein-ways, Heine.
Chlckering, etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary at. ¦ ¦
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $85; six-octav»
Mason & Hamlin organ, $35; Steinway
square. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275: Bech-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON, 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
• within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st; established 1850. .
WE have pianos to show you during the spe-
cial sale of this month that will cost you
very little in comparison with their real
' -ufelue; it is money in yonr pocket to take ad-
vantage of this offer. THE ZENO MAU-
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
$147 WILL buy a good new piano during our
clearance sale at 933 Market st: second-hand
pianos. $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
COMPANY.
A — PIANO, left on sale for lack of space, will
rent, store or sell; no reasonable cash offer
refused. 217 Geary st. room 38. .
OUR pianos.* the leading makers; pride $\0O.up->''
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE' S
PIANO FACTORY, Market, 14th & Church.
A— SLAUGHTER sale Of storage pianos: dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st
NEW piano sold at sacrifice; taken for debt.
Apply 108 Oak st. \ .
100 NEW pianos $3 a month; money allowed on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
PIANO, pianola and music left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 217 Geary st
PRIVATE narty will sacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedaI upright piano. 595 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos. $3 per month.
SCOTT-OURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
$175— A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
$125 — SCHLED? upright .excellent condition,
$75; Erard upright. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham - place.
AT KEEFFE*S. 22 Turk st. near Market
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
SEW HYGIENIC TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Nesa
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.
OIL. "*
OIL 'tanks, second-hand. - In rood order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 618 Mission rt
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOURTH. 303% — Store and basement to let;
suitable for hardware store. Apply J. DE-
MARTINI. 317 Washington st
EMMA Spreckels building. 927 Market st— Of-
fices with modern conveniences. $15 to $25
ASHTON & GARDINER. j 7 "
HANDSOME large store;. very reasonable. 328
Pacific St.. near Sansome. .'•. . . ¦- .; . *
_
G. L. Neergaard. president St Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post: phon« Hyde 23U3.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist 515
Taylor st.. bet Geary and Post: tet.Black 5fil.
PERSONALS.
ARRIVED— Ladies, don't look old; Dr. N De
SAVOYSKY of Paris, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, will meet you at La Verita
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire and
preserve health, youth and ' beauty; after
years of study Is able to give electrical treat-
ment for deep wrinkle* that excels anything
«ver given in this country; electrolysis with
modern European method clears th© face of
all blemishes without pain or scar; flesh re-
: duced: no dieting; no exercise; phone How-
ard 1861.. 1140 Market st. opposite Hale'a.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on instal-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOSV 1117 Market
St., . between Seventh and Eighth. ,
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms-
25c to ?l 50 per night; $t 50 to $8 per week;
- free 'bus and baggage to and from, the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns: Feb. patterna
and The Designer now ready. J. "W. EVAN3
Domestic office. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
A — WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each-
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
A— MAY McMILLIN has charge ' of halrdresa-
ing department at La Verite Parlors, 1140
Market, opp. Hale's; tel. Folsom 448.
.GENTLEMAN, straneer. wishes to make the
acquaintance of lady between 30 and 40' ob-
ject matrimony. Box 3 06S, Call office.
ADOPTION — Fine, healthy , baby; . married
couple without children preferred; $500 cash
with baby. Box 2S19. Call. a
10.000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancero-is'
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth st room
11 ; call after 7 p. m. *
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls precious
stones, antiques and curios bcunht The Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st Nat Raphael
WHI Ti E ,,£? am !A i^S n S ta \S n^' three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
1 0^ 06 8O . me "oW sealskins and will ;
ES liot can. good prlces - Adaress at onc *
A "nJ F r 3 q M« halr -> 1 ->V?; 1MnB or you «"•• bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;se»d. for circular.
S^^ 1^3,. Tlj^' art saHery-TMeehjknics' Pavil-
lon, open afternoons,& ; even' g a;^o C ; L. free. -
!^c^ b^^^ ieg^ently^^THE ' COAST RECORD.
Tomperature— 7 a. , m;, ' 48.
'¦:' The storm . over California yesterday has
moved rapidly 'southeastward and is 'now 'cen
tral - In Colorado. ' Light : rain has ! fallen gen
erally. l In California, and snow | is | now « falling
lm Western Montana 'and Northern Arizona.
The pressure has risen rapidly over tHe Pacific
alope- and ;¦ fallen east of the Rocky Mountains.
, The •; temperature changes have been: slight
in all dfetricts..' ? ,• *•? ¦¦^::^ \: : l'-:s ¦ ;; ¦ . •
-" Forecast • made at San .Francisco > for i thirty
hours ending midnight. January 20, 1902:- . • -
;~ Northern -: California— Fair - Monday, ¦* except
cloudy k along- j the :-, northwestern coast; ¦ light
variable winds. &¦- , •,: ' ; ¦: -.-¦-,.. v -.
.' Southern . California— Fair. Monday; <¦ light
west; wind. >>- ¦» ~\ < - ¦' ¦.'¦¦".¦ -"i ¦ .¦ -,V. , .
. Nevada— Fair Monday: light southerly wind.'
--• San Francisco and * vicinity — Fair - Monday:
light westerly. wind." H;O. H.j WTLLSON, '. *
-,--., ;:r ¦ Locar Forecast ¦ Offldaf. 1 *-\
FORECAST,
WEATHER ; CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
IX)NDON, Jan. 19.— The feeling on the
Stock Exchange at the close of the past
week was decidedly, happy. .Whether or
not this was merely the upward end of
the financial. see-saw is hard to say; but
unless some unexpected discouraging
news arrives' from South Africa there is
a good prospect for a continued ! upward
movement. . . . .'' ¦¦¦ •.;• . .
Money has been easy and there is every
prospect that the -bank rate of discount
will be reduced to 3% per cent during the
next fortnight. This reduction is rendered
likely.: in , view of .the large Government
loan - which is regarded as Inevitable in
March or April; Jt is also probable that
there will be a Russian loan, in Paris in
the, spring, ai*! notably that England will
endeavor to strengthen the London mone
tary position as much as possible at that
time. ¦ v •/¦¦•. •; '.<¦••/;¦ .. '; :. •¦-¦ • : '" '. ¦
1 The peace rumors .which were circulated
as diligently on the Stock Exchange as
elsewhere have : helped the .boom, but the
latest ! Boer 'statements * emanating from
the continent indicate that these rumors
were circulated largely for the benefit of
the Stock Exchange. '•¦"•.'»
- American securities did not share large
ly in the : recent \ upward movement; but
Grand Trunks were firmer. r South Ameri
cans were dull,' with the exception of
Uruguay bonds, which responded, to the
improved political outlook. Spanish fours
were weak and Rio-,Ttntos relapsed, in
sympathy with the break in. copper. -¦
Everybody appears to expect an im
mediate resumption.of prosperity In South
Africa with the close of the war and an
immense gold output. .' (.-',.;
: Those of conservative opinion, however,
agree that' any general laying down of
arms for some time to come is nat likely,
and that the long deferred peace with its
accompanying prosperity Is likely to have
to wait ' the slow process of attrition. -
BERLIN, Jan. 19.— The- Boerse has had
another very strong week. The first half
of the' week showed light transactions,
but values were well . maintained. The
latter half of the week exhibited uncom
mon strength and there were sharp ad
vances in, prices. -".->».; ; ~
A strong impulse was given to the
Boerse by Paris and London and particu
larly, by the boom in Kaffirs. The princi
pal domestic influences affecting the
Stock Exchange were the growing ease of
the money market, which culminated in
the . reduction . of the Reichsbank rate of
discount/ and the increasingly favorable
industrial reports. The -week's trading
was heavy, a general increase in irons
carrying coal shares along. '
Many iron shares sained more than 10
points. 'The shares of the electric, textile,
chemical and rubber concerns also made
further gains. - .
American; rails were quite neglected
under the influence of the New York mar
ket. \ ¦ The abundance , of money, together
with considerable margin between the
subscription price and the dally quotation
of Government 3 per cents is regarded as
guaranteeing- the immense success of th©
new loan next Wednesday. s A striking
feature of . the loan" market Is the eager
ness, for the new., municipal . loans. . all of
which are now placed at 3^4 per cent The
competition among the banks for these
new loans brings their issue price up to
the' full market: quotation. • \ .:
The German buying of Kaffirs Increases,
; The present speculative wave of the
general market has grown so strong that
weighty , financial papers repeat their
warnings that, the present industrial sit
uation fails to justify thla tendency.
On' San Rafael Bange.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. . 19.— There was i a
fair attendance of marksmen at the
Schuetzen Park -ranges to-day. The
scores made In the .California Schuetzen
Club section were as follows: ¦ • ' . • " •"••;¦
Bullseye shoot — C.' Sagehorn, 1352; E. Eng
lander, 665; F. A. Schrumpf, 1151: O. Bur
meister. ,941; R. Langer, 552; J. C. Waller,
1155; M. F. Hartter, 1854; M. Blasse, 955; J.
Kulteann. 1383; W. F. Blasse, 1195; A. Rah
wyler. 1472; F. A. Kuhls, 2476: F. Attinger,
2127; G. Tammeyer, 937; O. Bremer. 954; A.
Bertlesen, 1515; A. Bertlesen Jr. (cadet). 1615;
M. F. Carroll (cadet), 1C58;A. von Wyl. 2575;
A. Humpel, 559; C. Zimmermann, ' 700; ' ' C.
Meyer, 1696; ,C. Gut, 1633; L. Reubold.:il60;
L. Rink,. 721; F. Bertlesen (cadet), 2642; F.D.
Smith, 628 ; F. G. Bradford, 2512 ; F. Riede,
3055: H. Nolden. 854; J. Horstmann. 1052; H.
Kohl. 1429; P. Jacoby, 813 ;~A. Utschlg, 3040;
C.M.'i Rousseau, 2680; W. Ehrenpfort, 2765; F.
Bremer (cadet), 3062; E. J. Carroll, . 666; ¦• A.
Mbcker. 134; A Strecker, 1 717 : J. Straub, 1527;
H. Schonert, 800 ; : E. .Woenne,* 1016; F. Sutter,
883; A. Brehm, 2670; W..Woenne. 1699.
The medal shoot;in the, Grutll shooting
section "resulted as follows:;.; . \,'
¦Champion class G.R. Hauser, 391; first
class. A. Studer, 388; second class, T. Simmen,
387; third class, O. Imdorf, 300;"Brehm medal,
Karl Gut. The best bullseyes were made by
the following contestants: Karl Gut; C. Ott, O.
Hlntermann, T. - Simmen, L. Hauser. O. Im
dorf, A. Stuaers, F. Baumgarten, R. Hauser.
Weather^ Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) -
' ' : SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 19—5 p. m."
. - The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with 1 those | of same data
last season, ¦ and rainfall ' In last twenty-four
hours: : .'¦ - :
. r • ¦ • Last . This Last
"Stations — ; . 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka '...;".'. ....'.12 . 15.82 80.13
Red Bluff.. •¦-... .02 ., 10.54 .13.97
Sacramento ;. '.01 6.35 ~ 10.36
San -.Francisco..'.'.... .17 • 6.19 ; 11.60
Fresno .'..;.. ..¦.-'.... ,.00 3.25 7.02
Independence .......'.00 1.38' 5.00
San Luis Obispo..... .34 4.00 20.54
Los Angeles.....;... .14: ' 2.60 yl 7.86
San Diego........:.. -.30 ,. • 1.07 i 2.45
San Francisco data:' Maximum temperature,
63; "minimum. 43; mean. 43.^ ,
Rumors: of Peace Cause
an Advance of Prices
v in London.
STOCK MARKETS
SHOW STRENGTH
THE S A;ST FRANCISCO CALL, JMOND A yV;. JANUARY 2O', 1902^
9
Il§§!|
ETATION& , 3 j
1111119
n ¦ . t ¦
1 . P*
Astoria ;.... .30.16. 43 42 S"W Pt.Cldy .02
Baker ....... 30. 12 34 , 26 SW, Cloudy .01
Carson .;.. ...30.10 44^43.SW Clear .05
Kureka...V..30.16 52 43 ; NE CTear • .12
Fresno ... r... 30.20 56 40 . SW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....29.86 34 V 24 W 8now .30
Pocatello.Ida.30. 06 34 14 SW .00
Independence 30.02 .60 32 v N i- Clear . .00
Loa Angeles.. SO. 12 . 62 44 . "W Qear . .14
Phoenix ....'.. 30. 04 60, 34 W :Pt.Cldy .01
Portland ¦'. .. .".30.18 : 44 38 :• NW Cloudy .02
Red Bluff.. ..'.30. 12. 58 : 42 "W . Clear , ;02
Boseburgr> ...".30.12 60 40 • W . Pt.Cldy .06
Sacramento V.30.18 5« .: 40 8E. Clear . ' ;01
Salt Lake. :..29. 96 34 26 -SB Pt.Cldy .00
San Francl*o.39.20 62.42; N .CTear -.17
S. ,1,, Oblapo..30,18 ? 60 84 W CTear -v; .3^
Sat) Diego. ...30.12 88 < 48 - NW Pt.Cldy' .30
Seattle • . . ... '.30.18 ; 46 ' 34 . E *v .• Pt.Cldy .19
SpoRane '.....30.10. 84 132; : SW^ Pt.Cldy .10
Neah, Bay.... 30.12 ,44 34 . SE Cloudy .00
Walla Walla,. 30. 14 • 42 28 •¦ S •••.;.'. Clear ;04
Winnemucca .30.10 40.^28 BW '-- CTear .01
Yuma^;.....»30.02.64 ,.40 NW, \ Clear ; .00
Il§§!|
ETATION& , 3 j
1111119
n ¦ . t ¦
1 . P*
Astoria ;.... .30.16. 43 42 S"W Pt.Cldy .02
Baker ....... 30. 12 34 , 26 SW, Cloudy .01
Carson .;.. ...30.10 44^43.SW Clear .05
Kureka...V..30.16 52 43 ; NE CTear • .12
Fresno ... r... 30.20 56 40 . SW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....29.86 34 V 24 W 8now .30
Pocatello.Ida.30. 06 34 14 SW .00
Independence 30.02 .60 32 v N i- Clear . .00
Loa Angeles.. SO. 12 . 62 44 . "W Qear . .14
Phoenix ....'.. 30. 04 60, 34 W :Pt.Cldy .01
Portland ¦'. .. .".30.18 : 44 38 :• NW Cloudy .02
Red Bluff.. ..'.30. 12. 58 : 42 "W . Clear , ;02
Boseburgr> ...".30.12 60 40 • W . Pt.Cldy .06
Sacramento V.30.18 5« .: 40 8E. Clear . ' ;01
Salt Lake. :..29. 96 34 26 -SB Pt.Cldy .00
San Francl*o.39.20 62.42; N .CTear -.17
S. ,1,, Oblapo..30,18 ? 60 84 W CTear -v; .3^
Sat) Diego. ...30.12 88 < 48 - NW Pt.Cldy' .30
Seattle • . . ... '.30.18 ; 46 ' 34 . E *v .• Pt.Cldy .19
SpoRane '.....30.10. 84 132; : SW^ Pt.Cldy .10
Neah, Bay.... 30.12 ,44 34 . SE Cloudy .00
Walla Walla,. 30. 14 • 42 28 •¦ S •••.;.'. Clear ;04
Winnemucca .30.10 40.^28 BW '-- CTear .01
Yuma^;.....»30.02.64 ,.40 NW, \ Clear ; .00
• RAILWAY TRAVEL. \
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tratu l«nv«t »¦»«! mr« ,!¦<«. •,. nrr |, a m%
• SAN riSAN«:iM<:o.v
¦* (Main Line. Foot of Market Streel) *>-: .;
"*~ ~ >~»OM P*C_Bm 0> 1301. - AKKIT3
¦?«••* BenicU. Sutoun. Ehalia mad Sacra-
-.'-.- •'— ¦' men to... r.-.%T»
7««oa VMavine. wbtfi»;RuaiM 7 ::::::::: 7:Ss»
7:8»a Martinez. SaulUmon, Vallejo. .Nsr*/ '
Callstoga and a»nta Rosa «:23p
»:0Oa Da»U. Woodland. Knfgnta Landing.
Marmllle, Oroiilla. 7:33p
¦««"* Silee. Lathrop. Stockton SsSaJ
SiOOANUes, Msndota. Uanford. VlsaUa,
PorterriUe... 4:33?
; iiSOA 8hasta Exprna— Daiia, Williamaffor
Bartlett BDrtags). Willows, Bail
¦ Bluff. Portland... ~;33#
.•»¦•* 8»u Joso, Uttfi-more, Stockton,
: ¦ lone. Racrauiento. PlaeerTille.
M»rjsTll!e, Chlen, ltd ISlnIT 4:23r
• ¦i80AOakdale,Chinese,8onoia. Tuolomno ' 4:23?
•:•©* Haywird, Nileaand Waj Stations.. lltaSa
• tiOOAVaUejo 12:S3?
•sOOaLos Aogsles Express — M.rtli.ei,
- Trmcy. — throp. .Stockton, Ucroe-j
*Frosiio »nil Lua Anssles 7:<I."l>
.•«»•* VaU»J«. M*rttn«z amt W^y Stations J : .Vkr
ICitl'A The OTerlaml Limited— Ogdea, l>en-
m, Omaha, Chicago j Hi'23r
, fliOOr Sacramtuto Utter Steamer*. ......... (11:00?
¦i»«»r Uenlcia, Winters. Hacramento.
Wouilland. Knights landing.
Murysiille. OrofiNo .7 IO:33,
¦<SOp Hajward. Nile* and Way SUtlona.. 7:53 »
4il»«r Martlnen. Hau lUuion, Tallejo,
• s Napn, (7aU>to.a. Santa Koaa »>5.T?
«tOO» Nlles, LiTermore, Stockton. Lodl... 12. •-•3?
; *>»»r HsywarJ. Ni!e», Man Ji.se. Livermore 1S:5Ja
«iSOr The Owl Limited — Fresno. Tulare.
Bakernflelil. .Sangiis for SouU Ba»-
_¦•¦¦"-'_; bara, Los Ancsles S:A3a
Bio l>P Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 o i»3 A
BxOOp Martinez. Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12:3.17
•i«Opna;ward,NJ!e*aiidSaa Jots 7.M*
fStOOr Vallejo 11:234
• iO«r Oriental ATail— Ogrten, Danror,
— «. 'Omaha, St Louia. OUloajo 4:23*
Tr*itr Oregon and OalWornla ICxi>ren,Ra<i.
nuiieiitii, Maotilllq, KeiMtng,
1'ortlmnl, l'uget riouiid ami Kail S:53l
•i«SpBan Faolo, Port Coata, Mirtlaea
and Way etaUous ll:«5a.
_t«»Oap ValIMn ?»33>
COAST IjINE (Narronr Uan R »).
y (Foot of Mnrkot Street.) . .\-/.r,
•tll)ANeiraTlc,C«nterTlile,.SauJosa,ir(>lton, '' " j
Bonltler Creek,8auU Omi and Wa>
SUUous 3:309
tSlISa- Kewnrk Conterrille. San Joae, Now
AlmadeD. Fulton. ItouMer Creek. :
; 8auta Crux aad l'llnaipal Way
Stations I«:H«A,
«iI3f Newark, Han Joae, log Gatos....... {3:504
«9.3op Hunter* 1 Train— San Joss and Way
BtaMona VT.9O9
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIN f aiNCISCO — foot of M»ri»t Street (Slip 8) .'
t7:I5 9:00 ll:00*.U. 1:03 3:33 - 5:13r a. >
From 01IU Sa_ titl if Bramiwi,*. — fi; : 00 1*00 t3:G*
. HMI0..M. 13:00 2.03 «:C3r.M. _^
COAST lilNE (ltroa.l tl»u K »).
(Third and Townaeml Sta.) ;'..'-•
UiIOa 8an Jose and Way Htaiiona. ~ tuT&Z
7:00a Hau Joae ami Way Station fS:«<»»
. /?:«»! New Almaden / 1:10,7
,. SiOoa Coaat Line Limited — San Jo«e,
Gilroy, Salinas, San Lula Obispo.
.-¦ Santa Barbara.' Lox Angeles and
tiriccipal lntermediata stations .... 1 0:439
¦ :OOa H»n Joie. Ties finos, NanU r'rux.
rnclilc Uro*«, Salinas. 8an Lola
Obispo aud Principal intermediate
HUti.ms *:19r
IOiSOa 8an Joae and Way Stations.. i«::nia
ll<at>A Man Jnseaml Way HUtinns :».iO»
tSi'ISp Sau Mateo. Kedwood; .\It;i)lo Park
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Kan Jose.
. Trea Pinoa, Santa (!mz, . Sallaaa, ¦
Monterey »n<l Paeitto Orofs )IOH134
B:S»r Han Joae aud Way Stations. l::i»»
M:l.-ip San Joe and I'Tii.rir*! Way Stations 3t30*
«c30r Sunset limited— Mondays, Wedues-
dajs, Fridays, for I*n Angclw, El ' -
Pa»o. New Orleans and JTew York. '
ArriTes Sandarg. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lOilSi
fSiOOrSan Jose, Los Gatos aud l'riucipil
Way Station* 1D:OOA
OtSOp Sau Jose anil Principal Vay Stations 6::t»»
«!»»p San .lose and W*y .Stations 7:tU»
. 7:00j» New Orleans Exprens — fan Lnis
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Lot An-
'" ':-.- - teles. I^'mlnir. El Paso, New Or-
leans and Etal..... 7:30a
<Hli4»pSan.Ios«anavVay Sutlons 7taO?
A for Morning p f or A f ternoon.
TBundayexeeiited. t Sunday ouly
_l Saturday only.. /Tuesdays and rridaji.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Fsrry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Daily Dally
L.v. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 n
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 d 7:13 d
I " Merced..: 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p-
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10-50 n
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalia :. -8:39 p fi.-OOa *""*
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45a '*"""
." Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p ...I"'
a for morning, p for afternoon. "
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Llm
Ited, carryinp Palace - Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs 'to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m dallv
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12 -so
p. m. dally.
8:CO p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and*
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 n m'
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stoppln-
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San - Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. ;
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO- AND NORTH PAC1F13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market SC
San Francisco to San Rafaol.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, ff:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — £xtra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — £Utxa trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— £:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3%,
6:00, 8:20 p. m.-
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:5C. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.j
12:45, 3:10, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — JEitr*
trips at 1:53 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, U:10 a. _: 1:40. 3:401,
6:08. B:25 p. m. ; ¦
, Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 19011 San Francisco.
¦Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week '
Days. I days. \ Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:0Oam Ncvato. 10:40am 8:40am
.3:30pm 9:30am . Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am*
6:10pm ' 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton. ¦
7:30am Windsor. 10:25aia
5:C 3pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,'
Geyserville. ;
8:30pm 8 :00am Cloverdale, 7:3opm 6:20pna
7:30am 5:C0pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:2?am
3:30pm S:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am - 10:40am 10:23aia
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:S2pm
3:30pm 5:00pm : 6:20ptn
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 1 9:15am 3:10am
and . 1
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am! 8 :00aml ~~ J10:40am!10:25ara
3 :30pm I 5:00pm[ SfbastopoL i 7:33pm[ 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
.West Springa and White Sulphur - Springs: at -
Fulton for Altrurla: at ' Lytton for Lyttoa
Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Smnrs. Hishland • Springs, Kelsey-
ville, Carlsbad Springa, Soda Bay, Lakaport
and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for. Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*».
Bucknell's. Sanheiirln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s
ot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brags,
Westport, Usal. WUlits. Laytonville. Cummtn*.
Bell's Springs, Harris. CMsen's, Dyer. Scotia
, and Eureka. ' . ¦ .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates. ! .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITIXG. R. X. RYAW.
* Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry ; Arrive .
¦ San Fran. ' Foot of Market St. ' San Fraa.
fun- Tb .« 5lklI . hia , - _^ Sun- Week"
f30 a. 8:00a. J^_^ i, tM l.OO p. i>A5 a,
1:45 p. 10:00a. 3:00 p. 3:40 p. »
» Tan, tarmtta.tt*,»oUi«lB«mi.lIft
a Dr. GiLbon's'Dispensarj,
62O KEAR3T ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases,' Lo^t ManDood. Debility or
f1lM>aa« weartngron body and mind and • '
Skin Diseases: The Doctoreores:wh«»
others fail. Try him. Charges lotr.
<urf«K"aranlffd. Ca!Iorwrlt% ' ¦'
Cr. J. f. UIBBOJf. tSau Francisco. CaL _
?V K PERSOX ALS-^Conllnnfa.
1 yjNLT carry the best pwitfches. free from
dyed hair. $1, fl 5i»; hair dressing. 2jc G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and.-gSc. All druggists.
Hr*. Brirsrs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric -needle. »tiS Sutter ;tel.Larkin 31.1.
SlTERFLrorS hair aad moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME; BOLIXC. 407B Hyde.
SrFERFI.I'OrS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. XfN'N'. WWA Dolores gt
JEWELRY for «tle: diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny et.. rm.29.
Kl rCTFI^ needle specialist: superfluous hair
'& Ride's .testroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
M^SO^'KHATiE costumes, play books, -wigs;
country orJerg. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
Masquerade ¦costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal costumer, 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 M); dress pants. $2 SO.
Mis=St Olnthtaff Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
rn. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the beet corn rure: 25c; all druggists.
ALFBEDBtfS Egyptian Henna; restores pray
hair to Its ratural onlor: >1 : nt all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SCRCEOXS.
A— DR. OLIVE CRTTVER, lady- phyilclin~and
curpeon, at 1122 Market ft.; hours 10 to S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
, 1021*4 Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.-
CR. WONG HTM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body sea
tegtimonislf at office. 115-117 Macon.nr.EUis.
I'LAMXC AX D TURNING MII,Ls7~
WOOD and Ivory turning, planlnc shaping
and mylnr. CARL F. HAAS. 85 Fremont.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
$5600 — Sacrifice; nice flats; Liberty st.; choice
location; m-ell rented. Owner, box 3590. Cali.
FOR sale — Double house. 16 rooms and bath.
at 976 Pine gt.
WANTED— Cheap lot to build on; give loca-
tion and price. Box 2SS3. Call office.
REAX^ESTAXE COCXTRY — For Sale
MTrST -be sold at once, ' as I am leaving- the
State permanently and the sale of this ranch
is the only thing that detains me, conse-
quently will sell at rreat sacrifice; any one
wanting a rood income ¦ home will do him-
self a world of rood by giving: this his im-
mediate attention, for I am looking for first
money; the ranch consists of about 16 acres
of the best land in the State; dark red soil,
perfectly level and 10 feet deep; free water
right; located right in the town of Center-
ville. Fresno County. Cal.; SH acres bearin
oranges and lemons. 2 acres prunes, fu
bearing small vineyard, 1 acre fine assorted
\ fruits; the rest of the land fine garden or
truck land; dwelling of 9 rooms (2-story),
with large ehade trees that meet over the
house; bunkhouse, lemon-house. store-
house; large bara and other outbuildings,
fine garden, fenced with pickets; place all
fenced_»and ditched: bordered with orna-
rnenU? trees: 2 good mills with pumps;
eplendld location for general store and feed
' ttable: good corrals and sheds. This will
certainly bear the fullest investigation; it
is a genuine enap for the right man and
must be sold at once; no reasonable cash offer
refused; price $4500: $2500 ca§h, balance to
puit; no agents; write or see owner. JAS
KILGORE. Fresno. Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. • Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 202 Calif ornia St., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR sale — SO-acre stock ranch 2 miles from
Fresnc; e.ll feaoed. etocked and running now;
•write for particulars. W. A. WHiTE
Fresno, Cal.
PROFITABLE orange. lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big nroney; easy
payments. HEALT & CARR. 6 Eddy et.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELP. Petaluma. CaL
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$5000 — SUNNY house: 12 rooms, stable; block
from university and 5 minutes from station;
North Berkeley; superb view; 2 lots, $25<
each. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
ONLY $2i<K) — Fine, well built house of 6 rooms
(canr.ot be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot,
on the sunny side of street; street work all
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
SOX, real estate. Berkeley station.
. $2000 — HOME of 7 rooms and hath- modern:
«»e_ block from station: lot 60x110: terms to
euiTViaterest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St..
or branch office. Adeline station. Berkeley.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALj^EDA REALiESTATE.
NEW cottage. 6 rooms; lot 35x120; $2500.
New cottage. 5 rooms; lot 40x120; $2200-
tenr.s. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE nEAX, ESTATE.
AN uncarelleied opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 street can and public school; furnished cot-
tage cf 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F. : rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building.
or H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAMJ REAL ESTATE.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. ~~"~~~" "
Seven pretty homes, all new, modern and
EtyiiBh; just completed; never been occupied;
5 to 6 rooms; lots 40 leet front (or more); com-
plete in detail, including stone walks, lawn,
tinting, etc.; prices $2800 to $3750. on easy
terms of payment; on Merrimac or Twenty-
eighth St., between Telegraph ave. and Grove
Et.; must be seen to be appreciated; vacant lots
to name location. 40 feet front, from $550 to
$1000. Including all street work; houses open
for inspection and owner on the premises to-
day (Sunday) from 1 to 4 o'clock p. m. Take
Telegraph-ave. or Grove-st, electric cars to the
property.
OAKLAAD COTTAGES' TO LET.
EUNNY tower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
fiowere; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
«ve. electric cars, corner 'Washington and
Eighth sts., come with 1 block. Call or
address 1CS3 Ninth eve.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRMSHED ROOMS.
FURNISHED complete for light housekeeping
with gas. bath, heating and cooking stoves;
large eunny rooms, single or en suite; rent
reasonable. Call Fifth Avenue House, Fifth
ave. and Eighteenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRXITCBE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this, month. H.
SCKHLLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOM}. FOR HO CSE KEEPING.
BRYAKT. 1101, cor. Ninth — 2 or 3 front rooms,
furnUfaea for housekeeping; cheap.
FIFTH, S53 — Furnished housekeeping, 2 beds,
double parlors, kitchen, bath, $20; single, $1
KOR rent — 3 sunny rocms, suitable for house-
keeplng. Apply 2403 Clay St.. bet. 12 and L
HAYES, C26 — Two or three newly furnished
ranny rooms; gas; bath; phone.
LEAVEWTORTH, 1821—2 large- rooms, fur-
nishtd or unfurnished, for housekeeping;
rent low.
MCALLISTER, »07 — Very > large nicely f ur-
nlshe-d front room; gas stove; German fa.ro-
lly; 87. .
MINNA. 454A — Four connecting rooms for
housekeeping: lower floor.
MISSION. 1125% — Suite of housekeeping rooms ;
$2, $2 50. "
OAK, 119 — Lerge sunny parlors. Turn, house-
keeping; range; gas; $15 60; others cheap.
TUSK. 543 — Large front room; grate; gas:
bath; light nousekeeplng if desired: reas'ble.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and llnforn.
AEGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; grill attached : 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door. ..
A.— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to.SS per week, and
light housekeeping i corns; open all night.- ..
BURNETT. 1428 Market fold No. 1361)— Fur-
nlgnad rat., suite*, cinyle; also unfurnished.
CXO.Y, 13*3 — A light front room, ruralsued,- $0
»o jaooth. -, . ,. r -_. - .
KOOMS TO LET — Fnra, and TJnturn.
•a. CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly^
•• furnished gunny room<: prices reasonable..
- ELLIS. 321 (Mozai 0— Nicely furnished rooms,
15 35c. $1 50 night; |1 50. $6 wk.; open all night.
- ELLIS. 41S (The Pierpont)— Beautifully fur-
<* nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
-r vtcc : hot water; private baths.
o FOLSOM, 1123 — Nice sunny /ront room sulta-
- b>e for 2 gentlemen or man and wife; cheap.
1- GALT House. -12C6 Market st.— Furnished
_ rooms by day, week . or month.
'* GEARY. 405 (The'Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
fd suites and single; travelers accommodated.
' r GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
t ; home at moderate charges; suit, single: elevat.
KEARNT. 34. and 47 Post — Office or sunny
;_ furnished rooms, en suite or single.
U; MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
£ private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. 667, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
- # window room. $1 per week; transient.
_ NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
y nlshed rooms; f2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
- offices; elevator: elec lights: day. week. mo.
- O'FARRELL. 326— Elegantly furnished sunny
d parlor suite and other rooms, with all mod-
, ern conveniences. -. '
s, POLK, 1002— Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe. -
y ROTAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light
•a reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
s. lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1.50; week, $2
- to $S; month, (8 to |30; -elevator on ground
float; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
~ SHERMAN .Apartment House, 2S . Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel' St Denis, 24 Turk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10911
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the Co-Operato Homes for self-respecting,
self -supporting. Email-salaried girls, there
are a few vacancies; for board and room,
price $2 50 per week. Call on or address MISS
FLORA BOLLIXGER. manager. 645 Folsom
st.;- telephone Black 1736.
HOTEL Dennistcn. cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt"*: free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class. - -. ¦-.
THE Irvingdale, €26 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, f CO; single rooms
with board. $22 SO up; excellent table.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished ; good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
St.; conservatories.
HANDSOMELY furnished front room, with
board; use parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van
Ness ave.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.-
NIARA, 615 Taylor 1 — Sunny rooms; excellent
board; one management; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to .tourists.
NICE large room, suitable for 2 gentlemen,
with board, private family. 1215% Mission.
PARTIES can have 2 rooms cheap, with or
without board. 2022 Woolsey. Lorln.- Brkley.
ROOMS 'WANTED. -.
"WANTED — An unfurnished alcove room; sunny
side of street; state price. Box 2877. Call.
RCPTURBSAJflTARICM,
RUPTURE— Will lengthy ads cure you? No7
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1206 Market St.,
and get cored: treatment free.
• SPECIAL NOTICES. /
THE Girls* Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half -orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to tbe asylum from July 1, 1901, to
January 1, 1802: > Edna Dussure. 1 year 6
months; Gertrude Westphiel, 6 years 6
months; Helen Westphiel. 4 years 3 months;
Bessie Irwln, 2 years 3 months; Charles Kat-
' to, 4 years 10 months; Violet Katto, 1 year
11 months; Leo Morres. 5 years 8 months;
Daisy Morres. 3 years 6 months; -Pauline
Hoxall. 6 years; Elsie Hoxall, 4 years; Kath-
erlne Boyd, 4 years 7 .months; Winnie Coal-
mann, 9 years; Lotta Coalmann, 6 years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann, 13 years; Will
Hilltin, 3 years 10 months; George Hilltin,
2 years; Alice Murry, 5 years 6 months; Ger-
tie Murry, 3 years; Robert Murry, 2 years;
Annie Moldo. 5 years 1 month; Edmund
Munny, 5 years 11 months; Mary Caroline
Nowlan, 4 years 11 months; Thomas- Donn,
¦ 5 years 2 months; ATbena Gazano', 8 "years U
months; Bernard Rose, 4 years 7 months;
Mary Vogelsange, 8 years; Ruble Denny, u
years; Florence Wall. 3^jrears; Mary Green.
6 years; Evalyn Seg*rs, 2 years; Mary
Welsen, 7 years 8 months; Loretta Shanahan,
11 years; Ada Whitney. 10 years 11 months;
Charles Buckbee. 5 years; Isabella Maguire.
10 years; Benjamin PaciUa, 4 years 7
months; Lulu PaciUa, 3 years 7 months:
Edward Smith, 6 years; James Smith.- 8
years; Roy Smith, 6 years; Ethel Smith,' 4
years.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum- and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from July
1, 1901. to January 1. 1902. the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
Firls: Isldor Cohen, 13 yrs. 4 mos.; Flora
Markowltz, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Hannah Feingold,
8 yrs.«2 mos.; Henry Feingold, 5 yrs. 6 mos.;
David Feingold. 10 yrs. 4 mos.: Alma Wolff, 1
7 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Bruckner. 8 yrs. 6 mos.;
Eva Bruckner. 6 yrs. 6 mos.; Sam Shaphran,
8 yrs. 11 mos.; Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Shaphran. 5 yre. 4 iftos. ; 'Samuel Pud-
lin, 10 yrs. 6 mos.; David Pudlln, 8 yrs. 3
mos.; Harold Levy, 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Clarence
Levy, 4 yrs. 4 mos.: Louis Friedman, 9 yrs.
2 mos. ; Henry Friedman, 7 yrs. 1 mo. ; Hy- j
man Friedman, 4 yrs. 7 mos.; Madeline Ros-
enthal. 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Florence Rosenthal. 4
yrs. ; Ruben- Vidaver. 12 yrs. ; Matthias Vi-
daver, 10 yrs. 9 mos. ; Gertrude Jacohs, 8
yrs. . 7 mos. ; Mamie Levy. 8 yrs. 4 mos. ;
Sarah Levy, 4 yrs. 3 mos. ' ¦ . ¦
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum — on Halght st. — from July 1, 1901, to
January 1, 1902: Doris B. Whitehorn. 2 yrs.
6 mos. : Tessle V. Buyck, 9 yrs. 10 mos. ; Lena
Schmidt. 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Lena M. Hamberger,
6 yrs.; Harry Klang. 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Clifford
R. Whitehorn, 0 yrs. 6 mos.: Herbert O.
Seemann. 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Percy W. Stapleton.
8 yrs. 10 mos.; Harry Hamberger, 4 yrs. 5
mos.; James A. Ferguson. 8 yrs. 6 mos.;
Louis Schmidt, 8 yrs. 3 mos. ; Rudolph Bohde
8 yrs.; William Hill, 8 yrs. 4 mos.; William
Randolph, 7 yrs. 5 mos.; Herbert W. Bollard,
4 yrs. 1 mo.; Martin Kvalvlg. 10 yrs. 5 mos.
THE following half-orphans have been received
In the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children
since last publication: Violet Lumberge,. 4
years of age; Marion Williams. 2 years of
age; Robert D. Mackay, 5 years of age.
PILES— PETER FREEZING'S pile salve, $1 per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding piles
without fall, no matter of how long standing. '
1628 Devisadero et.; near Sutter. -• • ¦
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. ¦ 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. B5S0.
8EWIXG BIACHIXES ;AJfD SUPPLIES."
ALL ktnds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES. ;
PIERCE-RODOLPH' Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and. Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
elon St.; teL Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van an*- Storage Co.. 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.'
¦ TO j LEASE. "':'j^_^'_^ :
TO Lease — About 4 acres land, with house and
outbuildings, suitable- for chicken ranch or
nursery. Call M. MILLETT. Colma, Cal. j
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS^iN^rraWBlTERS^—^
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter '
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 260.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209Sansome. ,
BIRTHS-^MARBIAGES— DEATHS, i
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
n at either of the publication offices and be J
indorsed with the name and residence of I per- ,
sons authorized to have the earne published. , .
BORN".
KNOWLTON— In this city,* January 15, 1902,
to the wife of Harry W. Knowlton, a daugh-
ter. , • ..' ..,.;...• ; ,. ¦ ,~. ¦
. 3VTABBIED. ' -^
LAUSTEN— ISH— In this city. - January 19 '
a liKtt, by Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Han» p
• F. Lausten of San Francisco and damn F.
" lah of San Francisco. ... . . , : -..
WEST— McDONALD— In this city. January
19. 1902, by. Rev. Dr. "John A. B. Wllsoi
.William Everett West of Stockton and Ihz-
; *ie McDonald of San » Francisco. - •- \ \ \
.' ;.-.. ; ;¦ DIED.,'-. •',. ':up-^A'[
•Bates, Katherlne E.- : Mehrmann. Mary '¦: "' '
Brenner.- Leopold ' Milne, Mrs. LHlle C.
' -; Brown," -Mrs. Mary Murphy, Elizabeth ¦•'
1 • Burke, James .. • ' Murray, -John ' "i ¦-.
• Chaves, Refuslo . Palmer, William F.
I ' Curran, / Mary , '. ¦ ' Pugsley, Ellas
".Dougherty, James- Purcell. Andrew -. F.
», Dugan,- Charles- J. : Roche, - Minnie
. • Fltzrna-urice. Nellie.' Schellenberger Geo.
j Fogarty, Elizabeth . : Schorcht, Johanna ""
. | Gallagher, Jamcfl- A. Short, David M.
• Gilmore, Charles L. " Smith, Roy ¦
1 .Gorevan, Joseph T. Soltsien; Delia'
Gummer. Frederick Spooner, ' Thomas J.
Heaton, Geoffrey J. Stanley, Annie C."
Jordan. Michael . Sullivan. John ,C
Kurlandzlk, Minnie Uhl, Felix; '{ '
Leddln, James . Van Derhoof, Rea M
Loughlln, Lulu • Vlnzent, Lela . M.
Lucks, Bertha ¦ Vu jovlch, ; Todor, •'
Lyon, Mra. Mary A. Welle, Frederick W."
McDonough, Mary "Wolters, Martin '
. Mallon. Ellen Young thing
; Maurin. Jean B. Zoerb, *Emlly E. *'-;.¦
',' BATES— In this city, January 17, 1002,* Kath-
• ' erine E.. dearly, beloved mother of . Frank
H. A.. George : A. and Thomas D. Bates, 'a
native of Philadelphia. Pa... aged Hi years
and 5 months. -. . ; ¦
C5"Funeral ¦ Monday. January" 20,-, at". 8:30
! o'clock, from Craig & Cochran's undertak-
1 ing parlors, thence. to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church. Eighteenth and Shotwell' streets,
where a requiem mass will be held for the
' repose ot her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BRENNER— Entered into rest, in this city,
! January 19, 1902, Leopold, beloved husband
of Johanna Brenner, and father of Gustav
Brenner, a native of Germany, aged 67. years
; and 4 months. >' • • .
ItyFrleads and acquaintances are respect-'
! fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o' clock, at hra
. late residence, 801 Scott street; corner of
Fulton. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. Please '. emit ; flowers.
! • None can : be accented. ...:¦-." ".
BROWN — In this city, January 17," 1902, Mn.
Mary Brown, beloved wife of Peter "Brown
' mother of Mrs. J. G. Brower and Mrs. Ar
thur de Rutte, Bister of Mrs. | Bridget Dunn,
and auut of Mrs. Paul Mortison and Mrs.
Charles Dugan, a native of Ireland, aged <i
years. ! , ¦ . ¦ -..¦•,.¦• z. .. '..
t7A requiem mass for the . repose . of " her
! bouI will be . said to-day (Monday), com-
mencing at 10 o'clock, at St. Mary's Church,
corner California and Dupont streets. Friends
.- are Invited to attend. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . * .
BUBKE — In Madera. Cal.. January 16, 1902.
James Burke, son of Mrs. John O'Brien. -
CHAVES— In this city, January 17, 1902,' Re-
. f Uglo Chaves, beloved, daughter of Mrs. A.
B. Code, a native of Santa Barbara, aged 16
years 0 months and 13 days. (Santa Barbara
papers please copy.) -
C7Frlends are resDectfully invited to at-
¦ tend the funeral from her late « residence,
.1259 Octavla street, Monday, January 20, at
M0 o'clock. > )
CURRAN — In this city, January 17," 1902,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Patrick Cur-
ran, and mother of Michael, John, Thomas
and Patrick Curran, Mrs. Alexander : Porter
and Mrs. J. .J. Sheahan, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 60 years. .
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), a,t 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 2d Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦_¦.-,'. - ..
DOUGHERTY— In this . city. January 17,1902.
James Dorutherty, beloved brother of . Mrs.
Annie Welch,- brother-in-law of Cornelius
Welch, and dearly l beloved uncle of Mamie
A., James. A., Willie, Hannah C. and George
J. Welch, a native of Ireland, aged 51 years
2 months and 10 days. * '
. C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his Bister, Mrs. Annie Welch, 632%
Minna street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Cliurch, where a re-
¦ Quiem high mass will be celebrated for -the
repese of his soul," commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '• ¦' '• '-•'-.
DUGAN— In this city, January 19, 1902* at 830
Minnesota street, Potrero, Charles J., dearly
beloved and only son of John and Margaret
Dugan, and brother o'f Marie T., Loretta F.
and Josie Dugan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years 9 months and 18 days. -
. icy Ndtlce of funeral ' hereafter.
FITZMAURICE— In this city, January 18,
1902, N«Ilie. beloved wif,e of John Fitzmau-
rice, and mother of John, Margaret, Tina,
David, Julia and the late • Thomas : Fitz-
. maurice, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 47 years. . ¦•*..'
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 716 Clementina street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated f or . the re-
pose of her soul, : commencing at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
FOGARTY— In this city, January 18, 1902.
Elizabeth Fogarty, beloved wife 'of Patrick
Fogarty, and mother of John J., James P.,
Joseph . W. and Walter T. Fogarty, . a native
of Kilkenny, Ireland, aged t>3 - years and 9
months. A member of the Rosary Society. •" !
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,"
January 20, 1002. at 9:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 537 Stevenson street, between
Sixth and Seventh, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a high requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. :
GALLAGHER — On steamer Walla . Walla,
James A., beloved son of Michael and the
late Anna Gallagher, and brother of An-
drew, Michael, Mary, Annie and Nellie Gal-
lagher, a native of Montrose, ' la., aged 36
years. < : .
E3" Notice of funeral hereafter.
GILMORE — In this cltv, January 19, 1902. at
the residence of his parents, 142 Sliver street,
Charle&y'Lefiter Gilmore, beloved child of the
late -James ' B. and Rose Gilmore, . arid
brother of William, Walter and the late
Elmer and George Gilmore, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 1 year 8 months and 11 days.
GOREVAN— In [ this - city, January 19, 1902.
Joseph Thomas, beloved husband of the late
Ella Gorevan, • loving father of John M.'
Gorevan, and dearly beloved '¦ son of James
and Mary Gorevan. and brother of James,
Ella, Anna and Agnes Gorevan and Mrs.
Louis Vincent and the late John and Wil-
' 11am Gorevan, a native of San Francisco. |
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. Wednes-
day morning, at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1825 Clay street, thence | to
. St. • Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a solemn ; requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
>oul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.- - -
GUMMER— In this city, January 18. jj 1902,
Frederick Channing, beloved husband of
Emma Gummer, a native of Australia, aged
CO years. • j - -
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), " at 1:30 • o'clock, ¦ at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street, near Post. Inter-
ment private. ¦ • . . . , • ,
HEATON — In this city, January 19, ' 1902,
Geoffrey I., dearly beloved son of Henry and
Kate Heaton. and brother of Henry Heaton,
a native of San Francisco, 'aged 8 years 1
month and 11 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 58 Clementina street. - Inter-
ment private in Holy Cross Cemetery. » t v
JORDAN — In Oakland. . January 18, 1902,
Michael, beloved husband of Maria Jordan,
and father of John T. and Patrick Jordan
and Mrs. Annie Murray, a native of Ireland,
aged 71 years 1 month and 26 days. ¦
KURLANDZIK— In this city. January j 18.
1902, Minnie Kurlandzik, beloved mother of
Dcra, Rachael, \ Agnes, Helen, Susie and'
Leon Kurlandzik, beloved daughter of H.
Samuel, and beloved sister of Mrs. D. Ben-
nett, Mrs. J. Lazarus. Mrs. H. Weiss of New
Tork, Mra. D. Mendel. Mrs. \ L. Levlne and
Louis Samuel, a native of Germany, aged 45
' years. .. - .. . -. . - - . . . ., - .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock,' from her late resi-
dence, 1603 ¦ Fillmore street, . corner Geary,
and thence by 11 :30 o'clock train to New
Salem Cemetery for Interment. .
LEDDIN— In i this city, January 17, 1902,
¦ James, beloved husband of the late Annie
• Leddin, and uncle of Mrs. Ellen Connelly,
a native of the. City of . Limerick, Ireland,
aged 78 years 4 months and 2 days. (New
Tork papers please copy.) '¦¦¦ ; . - t
CCy Friends are resoectfully Invited ¦¦ to at-
tend the funeral Monday,' January 20, at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 1319 Guer-
rero street, thence . to St. James Church,
where a solemn requiem mass. will be cele-
brated for the. repose of his soul,, commenc-
I , HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
¦ (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) .'
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
-.20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
". ••-• - .- Telephone South SO;. , ¦
Mt._ Olivet Cemetery ,
. .' . : BAN BRUNO HILLS. .- . •'
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
• J. HENDERSON. Manager! \' J
JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros..' has opened
• new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. ¦ bet.
Taylor' and Jones. Telephone South 576.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. 7
Samuel McFadden, '18 years manager for
: the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for. 18
years; P. F.;Green, late with J.C. O'Con-
nor & Co., "have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. '
REMOVED!
¦¦:.:¦. McGlNV BROS.. . ' •'.:
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ? and ' EMBALM-
ERS. .to 224 and 226 McAllister (For-
'-merly of 81_Eddy_»t.' J Tc!.~ Booth ggg.) -*. -i % .
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
MONDAY MORNING. JANUARY 20. 1902.
Commencing at 11:30 O'clock.'
'** head broke horsesr^O good > livery . horses,'
15 head heavy -wagon horses. V -
CCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721-723 HOWARD STREET.
. .„¦ • WILLIAM G.LAYNG, AucUoneer.
All horses shown to harness, before or after
Bale, :< so desired.- .
. OCEAK" TBAVEL.
— . J. • . / u ._ -.•.-..; ¦ ' -'. .,-,,,; ;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦¦; '• Steamers leave Broadway
Bk>. Wharf, Ban Francisco: . .
Bj^Sg^ For Ketchikan, • Juneau,
HpPn^ ;• Bkagway,. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
¦ la>««il ">•• Jan - "• 18 - 21. 20. 31.
l*§tt_i Vwi Feb - 6 - Change to company's
¦ J"Se«J5I_!*itn2al Bteamers at Seattle.
, F^flfiSBiBI&iA For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
¦¦mv» comat Everett. New What-
com — 11 a. m., Jan. 11. 16, 21. 20,-31, Feb. B.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for . Alaska and O. . N. Ky. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
• For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1 :30 , ¦ p. m.,
Jan. 12. 17. 22.; 27,- Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer, Ban ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. in.
Steamer State of Cal., W&lnesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cru
Monterey, . San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harfor
(San Luis Obispo), "Gavlota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San
Pedro and •Newport (*Bonlta only). •
. Bonita, 0 a. m.. Jan. 2, 10, IS, 26. Feb. 3.
- Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Jan. 6. 14. 22. 30. Feb. 7.
' For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Faz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10. a. m., 7th ot each
month. '
. For further Information : obtain folders.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
¦ TICKET OI™ICE — * New i Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). . .
'.... GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
' 10 Market St.. San Francisco. ,
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
Forts in Mexico.
A delightful Winter Trip. Only $60. Includ-
ing Meals and Berth, for the Round Trip. Pa-
cific Coast S. S. Co. 's Steamer Curacao, sailing
from San Francisco February 7, March 7 an<
April 7, due back 27th of each month, will
call at the following Mexican ports: Ensenada,
Magdalena Bay, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan,
Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia and Guaymas.
For $20 additional excursionists can return from
Guaymas by rail. — ¦
For further particulars Inquire at Ticket
Office, 4 New Montgomery St., or 10 Market
St., San Francisco. . ' v
CX7?;«$ TV/CO.
Only Steomslilp Xj1_o *c»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, nl • rail or steamship and rail, at
IiOWBST 3E_*.~_!3.
STEAMEH TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTfl tad MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
:.Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 2, 12. 22.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails ...T7
/ ; Jan. 18. 28: Feb. 7. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt, 1 Mont^y.S-F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and ' Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers far
India, etc. ! No cargo received on board on
dcy of sailing. . '
SS. HONGKONG MARU....
.............Thursday. January 30th. 1903
6S. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 25th, 1903
S3. AMERICA MARU :
' .................Friday, March 21st, 1903
Round-trip tickets at ' reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICANLINE.
HEW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON,' LOSDON. PARIS.
¦ • Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. 29J St. Paul Feb. 19
St. Louis. . . . ..Feb. 5lSt. Louis Feb. 26
Philadelphia . ..Feb. 121 Philadelphia ,. .Mar. 5
. RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
.From New Tork Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Vaderland .... .Jan. 29 Haverford ..... Feb. 19
Kensington Feb. 5 Friesland Feb. 26
Z eel and Feb. 12 Southwark ....Mar. 5
= INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana deVaoores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL ....Feb. 6 PALENA '....' Feb. 28
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15 COLOMBIA ..... - —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
• BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen Agents.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu...............
-;... Saturday, Jan. 25, '02, 2 p.m.
SS.' SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
I land and Sydney..'.. Thurs., Feb. 6. 10 a.' m.
J. D.SF3EGKELS k BROS. CO., £tnerai Agents, 32? Hartei St
Ben'l Passsngsp Offics, 643 Varket St., Pur Is. 7. FadSe Si
PANAMA R.R. s S f
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA OiBECT,
Cabin, (105; Steerage, $10; Meals Free. '
6. S. Argyll . sails Tuesday, Jan. 28
6. S. Leelanavr sails Monday, "¦ Feb. 3
t>. 6. Argyll eaafs Monday. Alar. 1O
i From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market tt
. F. F. CONNOR, Pacifle Coast Agent.
COMPASNIB GENEKAL3 TBAN3ATLANTIQCS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ,»_, .'
Balling every Thursday, instead ot^«?«%
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 12,«aRJ— £3
North River, foot of Morton street.
- First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and UDwarrt^GENEUAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATET^and CAN-
ADA, S3 ,-Broadway (Hudson buildinsr). New
York. J. F. - FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue, Ban Francisco.
Tickets gold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
BAT AND BIVEB^n STEA__RS. .
FOB U. sTiSflARJ^^
Steamen GEiV«FRISBI3;or MONTICELLO
* 0:15 ». m., 8:13 and '8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day.; Sunday, 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. in. I<eavea
! Vallejo - 1 ¦ a. m.', 12 :30 noon, 6 , p. tc., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Main 160& Landing and
office, pier 2. H_loa-atre«t dock. ¦ HATCH
BROS. ; ,; ¦ •• . .;¦- ¦ , - ¦- . ¦ • . ¦ ,
BAHiWAY TB A VEL1
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILRtiAb;
! Via Sausallto Ferry ;
I •'•.' Commencing September 29, 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAIAw*
¦ AND SAN RAFAEL. VAAiL «I
WEEK DAYS— 6:65. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45, 8:15. 4:15. 6:15, •C:15. 6:45 p.^m ¦¦ • •
¦¦ ¦ _ACRA - TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays ;a*d „_•-
days al 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. atur
'. SUNDAYS— ?8:00.. »10:00. 11:30 a. m. •l-is
8.15, .»4:4oV. 6:30. 8:30 p. m. .-• '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin '
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
•WEEK DATS— »5:25. 6:27. 8_. io^?5
a. m..' •12:25.- 2:15.. -3:38. 4:40. o5b iT_ *
,T EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays, Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. nT ne3Cay *
. SUNDAYS— *: 15, «8:00. »10:00, »11:45 a. _
•1:40. «3:15, 4:45. »6:30 p.m.- ZT '
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLET TO HAN FRANCISCO
.. WEEK DATS— 5:45.6:45. 7 iSi fo ?d
a. m., 12 :S5, 2 :43. 3 :50. - 5 :lb p. ? m. '
EXTRA TRIPS ; on Mondays. . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a.. m.. 12:05. 215.
S:30. 6:00. 6:45 p. m. .; - ; --ZT ***"
., THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and war
stations. /¦':?¦/• -• ¦" -.* -..«.-.-\'-? ' * ¦•'- •; -. ¦
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan 'Mills and way
stations. •:,.-.. . - - - ¦ , •¦•.'-.
; 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦: • " . ; • ..,
• ( Legal - Holiday, boats and trains 'will', run ; on
eunday time. ¦ • . .
Sanders, a native of AVoodstock, Conn., aged
'.78 years. ">'¦/¦.:-¦'-• ,;- ; - .. \ .'•¦: ¦-. -i .;-¦/¦ '
> tC?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to : attend the funeral. Monday,
- at; H o'clock,' from her late residence. ¦ 1723
Clay f street. Interment : private, at . Cypreiss
'.• Lawn - Cemetery. .¦ \ ¦ / ." '. 1
LUCKS— In this city, "'January , ; 10," 1902/
Bertha,, beloved wife of >J.-F, Lucks, dearly
beloved , daughter I of,; Mr. and : Mrs. M3.1 L.'
'¦ Thumler. -, arid sister of Mrs. L. N. Ritzau,
Mrs. Charles j Hammond 1 and^-Mra. '- F. . W^
. Graf and • Henry, : Emll, ?¦ Hugo and the late
. "Walter Thumler, -a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years 9 months and. 11 days. , j wj
. • cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), - at 2 o'clock, from her; late resl-
. dence, 8 Avery avenue, ott Geary street, near
Stelner. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
McDONOUGH— In this city, January 19, 1902,:
j Mary McDonough, beloved mother of Patrick
' McDonough and Mrs. " Maria : Malloy, *¦ and
grandmother of Mrs. John Cunningham and;
Mrs. Edward Hayea and Daniel, Michael and
Rhea Malloy, and great-grandmother of Ed-
I ward Hayes Jr. and Howard Malloy of Pitts-'
burg, Pa.,. a native of; the parish of Mycul-
len. County Galway, Ireland. ¦ aged 86 years.
i ¦ (Pittsburg, ¦ Pa., and' Steubenville. . Ohio, pa-
1 , pers please copy.) , -. ¦¦¦' "¦¦ ' ¦"¦ '•¦ • ¦ .- -•
_' ¦¦ (tSTfriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrpw
(Tuesday), • at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, ,1171 Mis-.
; sion street, thence to St. .'Joseph's ''Church,*
I j where - a requiem - high mass - will be cele-
. braled for' the repose "of "her soul, at .8
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.' .
MALLON— In' ! this • city, ¦ January 1 19, 1902,
Ellen, wife 'of the late Patrick Mallon, and
beloved mother of I Joseph [ H.' ' and the | late
. Charles E. Mallon. a native of County. Long-
ford, Ireland, aged 73 years.: ¦- •-, . j
' ¦ ICS'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
: fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Tuesday),' at 8:30 a. m.,: from her late real-
. dence 33-tA Twelfth ' street, thence to St.
Joseph's Chprch, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul'
at 9 a. m. : Interment Holy: Cross Cemetery.
MAURIN — In this: city, January 18, 1902,-
Jean B. Maurin, grandfather of Adolphe
Shfise, a native of France, aged S3 years 11
,' months and 12 days... -/* , -. . '• .
ETFriends -aijd acquaintances are respect-
' fully ' invited to attend the i funeral services
"Tuesday, January 21, 1902, at 2:30- o'clock,
' at the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
.gomery avenue.: Interment .Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ¦ • ; , < . ¦¦.-' - :•¦¦¦
MEHRMANN— In Oakland, January 17, ' 1902, i
Mary, daughter of Dr. 3J-. F-. < and Catherin
Mehrmann. and ' sister of Dr. H. ' B. . Mehr-
mann of Oakland and Fred Mehrmann of
Sutter Creek, Cal., a nktlve of Chicago, 111.,
aged 25 year* 8 months and 11 days. ¦
t7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her father"a
residence, 852 Isabella street, Oakland. ¦• In-
terment ¦ private. ¦?¦¦¦¦ ¦ .. - ..- in • |>,
MILNE — In this city, ' l January 17, 1902, Mrs.
Lillie C. Milne, mother of George : M. ¦ and
Walter O. Milne, and dearly, beloved mother
of Florence E. Dermody, a native of Bristol,
England. A charter member of . Lincoln Corps
No.. 3, W. R. C, and a member of Loyal Cir-
cle No. 179,7 C. O. F. - - .
1C7 Friends and acquaintances and i mem-
bers of Lincoln Corps, W. R. C. and I Loyal
Circle, . C. O. F., are respectfully Invited . to
attend "the funeral Tuesday, at "1 • o'clock,
from the parlors • of A. W. ¦ Martin & Co.,
310 O'Farrell street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by electric funeral car. : : ¦ -,
MURPHY — In , this city, ' January' 18. 1902.
Elizabeth, dearly beloved "wife of I Michael
.Murphy;-, and loving mother of Mrs.' Richard
... J. Cavanaugh, Mrs. Joseph I. Flynn - and
- John: J. Murphy, and aunt of Josephine Mur-
¦ phy, and ¦ sister-in-law . of -William Murphy
of Santa Cruz, a native of Clonmell, County
' Tlpperaryr Ireland, \ aged 03 years. > , .- . -
• (t^Frlends and acqualnt'ances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 105% Vandewater street, off Ma-
son, between Francisco and Bay, thence" to
St. Francla Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
aouL commencing at 10 o'clock. , Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . • .' . ¦ '
MURRAY — In Oakland. January 19, 1902, John
Murray, a native of Scotland, aged 72 years.
- IE? Notice, of 'funeral hereafter. .
PALMER— In this city, January, 18. 1902, Wil-
liam . F. Palmer. I beloved | brother of Miss
Ester Palmer and the late Phoebe Palmer,
a native of New York, aged 72 years and 18
days. .(Brooklyn and- New York papers
¦ please copy.) •
. ETTrlends are : respectfully requested to
attend the funeral to-day (Monday), at 2
• o'clock, from his late residence. ' 3121 Twen-
ty-«lxth street. • Interment ".Laurel . HI!
Cemetery. ¦
PUGSLEY— In the City and County Hospital,
January 17, 1902, Ellas Pugsley, a native of
New York, aged 75 years.
PURCELL — In this city. January 18, 1902,
F., beloved son of Mary • and', the
late David Purcell, and brother, of John and
¦ Daniel Purcell and Mrs. "W. Henry, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years. , '.. ¦•¦.. _ ¦
B~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
: ¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clocjc. from the residence
¦ of his mother, 1504 Central avenue, thence
to St. Dominic's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. , , ' ¦-,.-- ";-
ROCHE— In this city. January 18, • 1902, Mln-
- nle, beloved wife of James E. Roche, and
daughter of Johanna McDonald, a native of
. Boston, Mass., aged ,30 years. . . ; ¦ ¦
SCHELLENBERGER— In the City and County
Hospital. January 19, 1902, George Schellen-
berger,' a native of California, aged 31 years.
SCHORCHT— In this city, January 19, 1902,
Johanna, beloved wife of 'Frederick Schorcht.*
and devoted mother of Vaiesca and Freder-
\ ick Schorcht, and aunt of .Vaiesca Eschen-
roeder, a native of Danzig, Germany, aged
67 years 6 months and 12 days. • - ..--. .'.-.;¦
SHORT— In this city, January 19, 1902, at his
residence, 1525 Scott street, David M., be-
loved husband of Margaret Short, father of
Mollio E. and David M. Short Jr., and son
x of the late Police Captain John Short, a na-
tive of New York, aged 66 years and 10 days.'
E7Funeral. Tuesday.-,' ,- : .'»
SMITH— In this city. January 18, 1902, .Roy,
beloved son of B. J. and the late Emma E.
Smith, and brother of Edith. Minnie. Cllve
and Irene Smith. -a native of Sydney,- Aus-
tralia, aged 19 years 4 months and 24 days.
(D»"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
' dence, 765 Capp street. Interment Cypress
' Lawn- Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.,' - ¦ '' ...-.'
SOLTSIEN— In this city, January 19, 1902,
Delia, beloved' wife of the late Herman A.
Soltsien, a native of - Ireland,* aged 55 years
II months and 12 days.' -. . - .
E7 Notice of -funeral -hereafter. '.".¦'"
SPOONER — In this city.- January 19, 1902 at.
260 Lobos avenue, Ocean View, Thomas
1 J. Spooner, : a : native of England, aged j 67
, .years.i ¦ ' v . - : V.. - r -..;.-. ¦.
STANLEY— In this city, Januarv 18, 1902, An-
.. nie C, -relict of- Charles A. Stanley; and be-
loved mother of Charles T.. George A. and
David : M. Stanley . ; and - ' Mrs. Thomas : H.
Grlffln, Mrs. Frank J." Murasky and Corne-
lia J. Stanley, a native of County Galway,
Ireland.' ageft 67 years and 1 month. "- ¦
' EyThe funeral win take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her latfe
• residence, 32 Eleventh . street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a sol-
emn reauiem high mass will be celebrated;
commencing at 10 'o'clock.'- Interment Holy
' • Cross Cemetery by electric car from Eighth
; and Harrison streets. Kindly. omit flowers..
SULLIVAN— In thla city, January 18, 1902,
John Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged 45
years.'- '¦ ¦ •¦ ' .,'¦ f . - ' • '. ¦.
IDTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 1 funeral to-day
•(Monday), at 10 o'clock; from the parlors of
' McAvoy & Co,V 1239, Market street, between
Eighth j and Ninth. - Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. •'. ¦; - • '. • '. . . .?
UHL— In this city, January 18, 1903, Felix
Uhi; a native ' of Paris, France, aged 83
• .' years. ~- ¦.-;-.. ' v ¦ ¦ ¦.-.-¦ -.- .¦¦ ,¦ 5 . .
• . C?" Remains at the parlors of J. Cf O'Con-
nor & Co.,. 767 Mission . street. ;. -
VAN DERHOOF— In- Oakland, 950 Peralta
street; January 18, .1902, Rea Maroellua Van
*: Derhoof, son of Milton and Josie . Van Der-
¦ hoof ,- a native of California, aged 3 years 5
• months and 19 days. > ; . . ; .-..,'.¦-
VINZENT— In (Berkeley, January 18, - 1902
, Lela May, beloved wife of Ole • C. Vlnzent,
a native of Oakland." .- . -,
, E7" Funeral Tuesday, January 21, 1902 at
. 2 o'clock, from her late residence. 2123 Ban-
¦ . croft way, Berkeley. , Interment private.
VUJOVICH — In ••¦ this city. '¦ January 19 19O5>
Todor, beloved son of Andrew Vujovich
' brother, of Joka Vujovich. a native of Boka
Kotorska, . Austria, aged 28 years. •: . ¦ ,
CT" Remains at the parlors of th« United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street. . -
WELLE— In Oakland, January 17, 1902/ Fred-
/- erick I William, -.-beloved husband of Emma
Welle, and father of Fred C, Edwin: P.- and
¦ Henry. C. Welle, - a • native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 67 years 3 months and 19 days.
:¦¦ [ty Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully : invited ¦ to I attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at' 1 o'clock, at his late
.residence, 666 Jones street, Oakland. Crema-
• tion at Odd Fellows* Cemetery, San. Fran-
¦ : ¦ clsco. • : ¦-.;;>.' '.v' ¦" " I '- ' • : ¦" ¦ ¦'¦ " ¦-¦''- ',¦•; .-
"WOLTERS— In \ Stene, Contra Costa County
Cal., January 18, 1902, | Martin, beloved husi
band of Mathilde Woltera, and loving father
of Mrs. H.'Wenzel Jr.. a native of Holsteln
• ". Germfcny, • aged 66 years • 6 months and < 11
; days. : A member of Master Martaer«' 1 Be-
.nevoltnt Association. , •; . . 1 K
. /(CT Friends and acoualntancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
" (Tuesday)." at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
: H. F.' Suhr & Co.. « 1137 Mlsalon street be-
tween Seventh and, Eighth.:; Interment Odd
: . Fellows'. Cemetery, v^ -.¦•¦.-.¦ , , ¦ ,--^ : .., ( , w
TOUNG CHING— In the City, and County Hos-
:. ins -at 9' o'clock.' u Interment -Holy Cross
I Cemetery,' by electric car from' corner Twen-
V ty- third , and Guerrero streets. Please omit
"'•flowers. ....... ¦ . .-;: '.^--. .¦¦¦...• ,-.-;¦¦ -. -
LOUGHLIN— In . thla city. : January 18. 1902 ;
, Lulu Loughlln,- beloved • wife of > William
Loughlln, loving mother^ of, Ethel, Gertrude
¦¦¦ ' Pearl, ! Elsie, . William and Florence Lough-
, lin, 1 - daughter of Mrs. ' Bertha ' G. Colen
¦ sister j of : John. : • Frank."; Louts - and « Everett
1. Colen. • a native of • Boston, : Mass. ?;¦•--,>..
¦ (ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
V; f; fully "• Invited -to • attend' the funeral <¦¦ services
Tuesday. January 21. - 1902, at 10 o'clock.^ at
, the parlors of J. B.\ Godeau, 305 Montgomery
- avenue. 1 f Interment .Cypress Lawn . Cemetery.
LTON— In' thi8 ,dty, . January ; 18. ¦ 1902 •• Mrs*
Mary [ A. : Lyon; beloved mother, of Mrs. C. D.
¦"¦ Ladd, • (tnd ¦ alster' of Oliver and "Amoa "A.
pltal, January 19,M902,i Young Chln&,a,na-"
tlve of China, aged 46 years. . ;
ZOERB — In this city," January 18, 1002, Emily
. Elvira, i ¦¦ beloved - wife = of Charles ; P. T Zoerb.
"and mother' of Grace L.,; Elsie A. and Mar-.
¦ garete C-. Zo6rb, - a native of Galesburg, • 111. ,'
aged 36 years . 4 months ' and 23 days. « ' .
• *|C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
j (Tpesday), - at ¦ 1 :30 o'clock, • from the funeral
- parlors of Charles H.' J." Truman & Co., 318
¦¦-¦'' Mason ¦ street.-. between CFarrell and. Geary.
, Interment Cypreas Lawn Cemetery,. .
' '-'-¦'; ' " cahd : of: thanks: ; !
¦ The family of the late. Miss Julia A. Kene-
fick "desire to express . their thanks for . the
kindness shown . by ' their many friends during
our, late bereavement. - '¦ , -
. !-,r-.. • ¦ > MRS. M. KENEFICK.'.:.-•- Columbia' Club Marksmen. »
;.Tiie .regular shoot . of the Columbia',Pis- :
tol: and '.Rifle Club was held yesterday at
Harbor. ..View, grange. -Among the specta
tors, were, Dw Smith of Springfield; Mass.,
andr ; Captain' .George -B. ¦ Bartlett, > both
marksmen- -of '-national reputation. "-The
score in- detail follows:
• • Columbia f target,' offhand fshootlng, rifle; '200
.yards, lfl-Bhot scores-^A: B. Dorrell, 48. 60. 62.
58. , 58. 69 ; "W. . G. { Hoffman^ 52. ' 65. -68 ; < F. : O.
rToung. E3,,69; Ar H.'Pape, 65; A: H. Cady,-60.
66; 8< L. 91: ' G - Mannelf 69,- 71, 77.'. 77: C. ,Glm
mel (22 rifle).; 124; E. A. Allen • (repeater) * 125,
; - Pistol; CO' yards. 10-shot scores— C. M. Dalss-.
42, 1 52. T Kl, 5C; , Ed Hovey; 46, 40, 60, : 62. 53 ; F.
O.Young;47,-4S.V48, 1 49, 51,-52: A. J. Branna
gan/C7:.Dr..Smlth,£>8 78. 82, ?0. --.«- ¦*
• ' Revolver.'- 50 ' yards, . 10-shot . scores — W.1 . G."
-Hoffman. : 47,. 55.- «1; A~." J. . Brannajran, 83.' 57:
J.'R..'TreKo.;f>8.-76. 89;; Dr.^ Smith, «7. . 1 20 ; • H.
V. Dubold. 07;Dr..Twlst, : 86; P. Becker 63, 7T;
¦W:*C.°«Prichard.'.72. ¦'-.%'¦ • - -
,v22and 25 rifle, 1 50 yards. 10 shots— E. A. Al
len,' 26, - 46 ; Dr. • J/ F. ¦ Twist ' 27. i SO.' 33. 36, ¦ 30.
TO; ¦ C." Gimmel, "40," 59; G. Stephens,' 65 V 69; H.
. and repeating rifle.' Creedmoor count
200 yards— B.< A.' Allen. 46, 43. - i -_•- ¦ - • .
- a 3-sh6t"rlfl«; 200 * yards^-Hoffinan, .14; Touny,
Mr. Warde himself seems to be 'in; par
ticularly good form. Always virile, and
intelligent, his work has. gained In repose
while losing nothing- .in. . power, and is
marked by the sincerity. -and .conscience
that characterize all- his efforts. -'As Mar
cus 'Antonlus .he \ finds grateful-oppor
tunity to exercise .his distinguishing gifts
and paints a strong, convincing, and well
balanced, portrait ; of the - Roman • politi
cian. His oration, the .grimly, humorous
scene where the political boss who wduld\
not stay, bought. Incites, the; mob to re
bellion, was given, with ; marked : address
and power and his scene, after .Caesar's
killing was powerful without falling' into
.rajit.^. ¦.-¦-.>. • .-..¦.-.¦.,.... '..-¦,
> Mr. , Warde's- company '. Is meap"^ably
good. Charles D. .Herman •«••• Marcus
Brutus does ( not quite fill 'in • the picture
of the noble Roman.' 'j He r is- not - always
clearly heard, and though not wanting. In
dignity and understanding, • his conception
lacks in breadth. -The "lean and hungry
Cassius" is intelligently played by ; Barry
Jonnstone, .though his-mannerisms.of:de
livery militate against his effort., , • • :¦?
JAmes F. Fulton is 1 the '. Julius . Caesar.
He Is an impressive personage.in-.the-part;
looking- the role well and ; acting with .dig
nity, if without much streitpth. -y Casca is
well takfin by.v Francis D.- McGinn, who
douotless , comes naturally by: the bit 1 at a
brogue that adorns his- elocution. 'He' is
refreshingly natural, however/ -•'•• ;-?¦ -vr
Miss Antoinette Ashton. made a' pleasing
impression as, Portia. • She;" has- natural
ness, charm, a ; pretty voice and .acts with
much intelligence. ¦ Virginia ¦ Drew ! Tres
cott was ' acceptable as Calphurnia:
AileenBertelle played her small parts- as
page to Antony and Brutus with taste and
discretion. .. . ¦• ¦ -,; ...... t -_. ,,.,-,.,
."Julius Caesar" goes to-night and ' to
morrow • night; "The Mountebank',' •; on
Wednesday and Thursday - evenings, and
Saturday matinee; "Virginius" on Friday
night. . and "King Lear" * closes . the y. en
gagement on Saturday- nightr- •
-•"¦•¦ "¦¦.-••• , • • .-1.. _.-¦ ¦:|-~i-. i - ;
: At the Columbia '.Theater: this • everilne
an attraction . of - which; much ¦ has . been
heard in favorable terms 1 comes \ iii ' the
form . of ! the Kirke -La Shelle comic 1 opera
company, presenting. VThe Princess Chic !•
From . all - accounts ,the . production '- is * one
of the attractive musical 'otterinas of the
season,, and. comes hereVJn- the" game- ex
cellent form Jas-when: it: won -distinctive
Five Shakespearean dramas within two
weeks is not a bad record' for the local
theatrical' world. "Macbeth,'.' ¦ "Henry
¦VIII" and "The Merchant **! of -.Venice'.'
were given last week' by .Louis-. Jam es
and Modjeska; "this week the classic
mantle falls on Frederick Warde's shoul
ders, and we have "Julius Caesar*,' j and
"King Lear'.' for entertainment and profit.
•The California Theater. was comfortably
filled test night to see > Mr. Warde and
his "company, in "Julius ' Caesar,'.' and .the
performance was greeted* with ..well-de
served applause throughout." The : trage
dian made" his customary little .speech
after the killing scene' in. his usual gra
cious way, commending. • nis . ! company,
himself and .the play -to -the audience's
consideration, with thanks- for^ their
friendly greeting, i ' : V r :-¦•;
at Local Playhouses.
Tragedy, Comedy, Drama and ' OpVra
BILLS AT THE THBATEKS.
Pictures and Frames.
We have received during December over
100 patterns of entirely new things ' in
mouldings which we have not had time
to open until now. The beauty, original
ity and moderate price of these mould
ings will please every one having pictures
to frame. On sale after this date. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
"Willing Workers Entertain.
The Willing Workers will hold a coffee
klatch and entertainment this afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the assembly Hall of - the.
Bush-street synagogue. An entertaining
musical and literary programme .will be
rendered. ¦ . /.
Schmid said he answered an advertise
ment for a young German butcher" to go
to the country, and 5 Fisher called upon
him Saturday evening, telling him he
wanted him to go to Stockton to work
for him. Schmid packed a few things in
a valise and went with Fisher to the
ferry to take the train to Stockton.
When they got to the ferry Fisher &ald
he had two horses to ship by the steamer
to Stockton, but he had no ready cash to
pay the freight. He asked Schmid if he
had any money and Schmid handed him
$3 all the coin he had with him. Fisher
told him he would be .fair . with him and
gave him a worthless check for $500 on
the Germania Trust Company to hold as
security. Fisher left Schmid, telling him
he would return in a few minutes. Schmid
waited for hours, but Fisher did not come
back. ¦ ,
Victor Schmid, a young man living at
84 Valparaiso street, reported at police
headquarters yesterday that he had been
bunkoed out of $3 at the ferry Saturday
night by a man who gave his name as
Charles Fisher. Schmid said it was lucky
for him that he had no more money in
his pocket, otherwise he would have part
ed with* it also.
Kept Waiting in Vain for
Several Hours.
Victor Schmid Taken to Ferry and
BECOMES EASY VICTIM
FOR A CONFIDENCE MAN
Will wind up the Old Monarch. Rather
than move the goods will sell Men's Un
derwear worth 75c for 20c; Men's Hose,
5c; Boys' Waists, 15c; Men's Hats for 25c.
Mind you, these goods will either, be sold
to-day and to-morrow or be removed to
No. 7 Sixth street, near Market. . The
clothing stock of Addler & Sons is expect
ed Thursday, so better take advantage of
this . ending of the Monarchy 915 Market
street, opposite Mason. ¦¦'/;* > :
To-Day, and" To-Morrow
Some interest-was aroused when inews;
came from New York on May, 19. of 'last
year that 'Mrs. Frank W. Fisher, '. widow
of the late Dr. Frank W. Fisher. of Oak
land; was soon to marry Frank* Moulan
of the Castle Square Opera Company, an
organization under the. management ; , of
Henry Savage. But. Moulan had not yet
severed the matrimonial bond which' le
gally, If In no other way, held him re
sponsible to . the - lady bearing .his - name,
though the actor was invoking j the -law
at. that, time to give him relief from Mrs.
Moulan, -and when the necessary obstacle
should be overcome he and Mfss Berri;; It
was said, were~to marry. ... ' •-,
When Dr. Fisher. died he left besides ni 3
wife one child. • . ". >". • • •: •
Thanksgiving night, November 25, 1897,
must remain green in the memory. of the
songstress, for it, was on that memora
ble national holiday that she came before
the footlights for the first time as prim a
donna, in the New England town* of
WoonsocKet. The opera, "The Maid of
Marblehead," was new, the . prima' donna
was new, the ¦ name : of the company
smacked of newness and the authors and
composer, Newcombe, ' Brown and Macy,
were also on their theatrical or operatic
trial. Whether "The Maid of -Marble
head" was a success or not does not mat
ter. Maybe it came into existence to give
the aspirant to operatic fame a chance.
Certain it is that it was" her; chance,' for,
from that time her engagements have
been steadily increasing In 1 importance.
- TaV/TT aude LILLIAN BERRI, who
AV/\\ recently undertook the principal
II Vw \1 role in" "Princess Chic," which
A V JA. for a year or more was assumed
by Marguerite Sylva, is 'well
known in Sa,n Francisco and Fresno, her
home, as a talented vocalist and also as a
society favorite." Her marriage in 1894 to
Dr. Frank W. Fisher, a dentist and son
of G. W. Fisher, manager of the Puget
Sound Lumber Company, will be remem
bered. Both Mr. and Mrs. Fisher contin
ued, as in their single days, favored mem
bers of social .circles. Mrs. Fisher, en
couraged by her husband, determined to
take up the lyric stage as her profession,
and with that object in view left; for Chi
cago to begin earnest work, subsequently
reaching New'.York and Boston. .
Her- studies in New York were ' inter
rupted, however, by the untimely death of.
her husband, who contracted pneumonia
in its worst form. Nothing daunted, the
young Calif ornian pursued her studies
with greater fervor than ever, and joined
an-organization which was formed inBos
ton and was called the Colonial ¦ Opera
Company. . Mrs. Fisher at last had the
chance she had worked for— an appear
ance with a lyric company, even though
it was an absolutely new and untried or
ganization. ' 1 \
Her Debut.
¦: *¦¦ • >" r »i^ntgomery.'.the sweet-volc«d bal- ;
ladist.; A" series of .new moving pictures
will-conclude^the bill. ..'/'.,
.^.The new, bUl which opens at the Chutes
to r day Includes Du Bell,- the ; aerial • won
der; . Hazel? Callahan land. •: Prosper
rest,' juvenil^.sketchr artists;- the Girdel-
J<?rs, -acrobats, and equilibrists;.-; Mullaly
sisters, f singing- and dancing: soubrettes;
Harrington, '•; the-' human • orchestra, : ana
' ' In the ; first week of February, Nordlca
comes, 1 >,with. gome ' excellent programmes
lor her three; recitals. . The. concerts are
to, be. given In ; the first week In February.
, ¦*-,¦¦¦¦ „•£.: • ¦.¦.',¦.• r .-.-. m ..,¦."-¦ \ : . • ¦ %
This 'inorn'lngYat" the store of Sherman,
Clay &. Co. the, sale -of seats for the two
Hofmann matinee. recitals will begin. The
great pianist makes his appearance here
f or . the ¦-¦first: time at the* Columbia Thea
ter, on the afternoons ¦ of Tuesday, Janu
ary-28;' and Friday, 1 January. 31. His fame
has preceded > him, '• and "the advance, de
mand :.f or; seats . presages an immense v at
tendance. iTwo .especially ! fine programmes
have been arranged. ¦ The ¦ celebrity : will
arrive here.next^Saturday night, and rest
in. this city until: the opening recital.
,'- The second series of symphony concerts
under the auspices of the San Francisco
Symphony Society will take place at the
Grand Opera-house on the Friday I after
noons of January. 31 and February 14 and
28. , Paul ; Steindorff . and his splendl . or
chestra have In course of preparation ex
cellent .programmes, which • will include
many musical novelties". The price of re
served seats for the series of three con
certs : will be $3 50,- $2 25, '¦ $1 75' and $1 25.
according to -location, and the subscrip
tion list will be opened at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s this morning at 9 o'clock, contin
uing ; until -.-next;- . Saturday ! evening . at 5
o'clock. , Seats for single concerts will be
as before^ijl 50,,'Jl. .75 cents and 50 cents;
and. will be' ready, Tuesday morning, Janu
ary,28~ ¦. /.^.v : :/:.;-/.>.. -v - ¦ ; /. :
"The. Toymaker," : that was such a fa
vorite of last season at the Tivoli, will be
revived this week. Annie • Myers will
charm again. as the doll bride, and Ferris
Hartman .does his level- best in the title
role.- There will-'be ' a ¦' toy. presented 'to
every • child ; attending . the matinee per
formance on ; Saturday next. ¦" Next I week
the regular season of comic opera begins
with "The Ameer. 'y . - • ¦ . . . -•
¦ "The Fire, Patrol" is the suggestive title
of the Central Theater offering this week.
It is a powerful melodrama, with situa
tions that live up to the * thrilling title. ! It
offers good . opportunity for; mechanical
effects, that will be fully taken advantage
of by,. the enterprising management, •. and
the Central company will do justice to the
large cast of characters required.'
, "For ithe; White Rose" goes ; another
week at •' the .Alcazar. „ The play has met
with considerable success with the 8 pa
trons of the popular : house ih spite of its'
various sins. To-night Is souvenir night,
and every one attending will be presented
with a photograph of M.'L. Alsop as Lar
ry Kavanaugh. .To-morrow evening a
benefit- performance < will be given to the
Young Ladles'. Institute; and the house ia
almost sold .out for -the -occasion. . Next
.week. "The Danites" will hold the boards.
- Edward Arden, a clever actor of ro
mantic roles,' begins- a starring engage
ment to-night at- the Grand Opera-house
in the title.- role, of "Don Caesar de Ba
zan." Miv Ardeh'.hns. been for some years
of the'Frohman forces and has seen re
cent, service with Maude. Adams, Julia
Arthur and other popular favorites. . j The
role of Don Caesar is said to be one of
Mr. Arden's best efforts. His engagement
at ithe Grand Opera-house is a limited
one... It will include in its- repertoire a
play ' by the actor-author that has met
with some success, "Tyorale." Mr./Ar
den.will be supported by" the clever mem
bers of the .Grand Opera-house stock com-"
pany. : •¦•-'• •'_'.' : ' • ~ ¦:'/¦-¦. ¦- .¦ - -,' ¦»
: The Orpheum has many new attractions
this week. . ,The members of the Da Coma
family are the star . attraction in- their
great acrobatic act.. They are one of the
cleverest teams that have appeared in the
houjSe. '. „•' . -- -, .. .-. . .-.. ¦ • ¦• . ¦ •
The,. Taylor twin sisters do a novel skat
ing act and .please the audience. • Mtea
Ada. Arnoldson made • her first appear
ance as a vocalist. She was warmly ap
plauded. .; ;-
favor in New York. The ¦ company comes
.headed by Maude 'Lillian Berri, who ap
pears to advantage in the title role. . Oth
?£ s , n tne company are Hubert Wllke,
Walter A. Lawrence. Frederick Knights;
Thomas C. Leary, Edward S.Metcalfe,
Neil McNeil, Dorothy Hunting, and Edna
Floyd, i The production is said to be an
elaborate -one, and the .chorus is large
and capable. The story of the operais
laid in medieval .times, and some striking
effects in costumes are displayed. *}¦-
Vessel Sinks,; Quickly After Being
. 5 Struck, but the Passengers and
r''/ 1 Crew Are Saved. \ ;" \
r«LOATING LOG CAUSES
, LOSS OF RIVER STEAMER
' MOBILE, Ala., Jan. 19.— The # river
steanter 'Frank . Stone "was . wrecked \ by., a
floating log in Mobile River last night
fifty miles above Mobile and lies in fifteen
feet of water, in midchannel. No lives'
were lost, though the steamer, sank in
fifteen minutes. ' The , Stone carried
twenty-five passengers, a crew of twenty
five and a large tgeneral cargo. Most of
the passengers had retired, but the offi
cers gave the alarm quickly and passen
gers and crew were transferred to a barge
.the steamer was towing and; which was
then cast adrift. The steamer MaryE
came in sight soon afterward, took the
barge ; in • tow_ and* brought the sunken
boat's passengers and crew to Mobile this
morning. The Stone was valued at $30,000,
fully Insured.
BIG CEOWDS/ GATHER AT '7. '.
THE PARK AND BEACH
Fine Weather Attracts Large Throng
of People to Pleasure
.' Resorts:
The park and beach were crowded yes
terday afternoon with people wlio enjoyed
the balmy air which generally follows a
rainfall. The weather was superb and
was more like an Indian summer's day
than a day in January. A large number
of • equipages were out and ¦ not a single
accident occurred- to mar the pleasure of
the day.- The museum had its usual quota
of visitors and the athletic games on the
greensward were largely in evidence. .
The pleasure-seekers at the park were
considerably 'disappointed because) -there
was no concert. It is calculated that 20,000
people 1 rode on the various lines to the
park and beach. The Chutes were ; also
well patronized, there, being about 5000
people on , the . grounds. \ " - ¦-" . .
Reformed Convict ¦ Speaks.
Joseph King, a former convict at-Fol
som, lectured last night at Holly Park
Presbyterian Church. ; He .said the. pro-?
miscuous mixing of new convicts,, espe
cially boys, with hardened criminals, could
not be too severely condemned. He ob
jected - to . the use of the strait jacket
and other means of treating - refractpry
prisoners. He referred-.to the prison chap
lains and claimed they, made but little ef
fort on the lines of reformation,, "doling
out religion on the same plan, as rations
of ¦>, tobacco ' and .other ; luxuries." -He
pleaded to his . listeners to extend . a help
ing hand to ex-convicts.' ¦
Amateur Welter- Weights to, Fight.
¦The monthly boxing exhibition - of
Hayes. Valley Athletic Club will be held
to-nibrrow * night ¦•' In;- Mechanics'" ; Pavilion
Annex. -The principal bout will' be -be
tween < Billy Kelly and Frank Muller, a
brace ; of welterweights. The other con
testants will be: • ' '
Jack : Dean , vs. ' Charles -' Hawley ; ': Prank
George vs. : Jerry • Kenny; . George - Curran vs.
Mike Joyce; Jack Cordell vs. George Gardner;
Barney ¦ Driscoll*' vs.- ¦¦> Monte Attell; Georgle
Dougherty vs. Young Hill. .
Body Found by \ Child.
-Gertrude Kelly, an, \ll-yeax-old girl,
¦while playing 1 In a' vacant lot at. the corner
of Pine street and Van Ness av.enue, yes
terday found the body of a male child
wrapped in a newspaper and partly buried
by sand. The: body was sent to the
Morgue.". ¦ -'.,:•-;¦ . ¦
! ' HAVANA 'Jan". 19.— General v Wood has ap
propriated 5317,000 ; for the construction^ of a
pier and freight house at Matanzas.- r-~
TALENTED CALIFORNIAN WHO WENT EAST TO STUDY SINGING
AND" NOW RETURNS AFTER SEVERAL YEARS' ABSENCE AS THE
STAR* OF A C.OMIC OPEhA COMPANY. ¦ • ' \
, The Southern Pacific Company allowed
no one to see Engineer Prouty at the Rail
road Hospital. •'¦•; : ¦' •.
The wreck caused a delay of about two
hours to all the'. east bound trains and a
gang of ' men was busy all day yesterday
clearing away, the debris. ' .
, Assistant Manager Foster of the Pacific
system was interviewed yesterday. He
said that he had heard of the collision
near Port Costa but that he would not
receive until to-day a full account of the
accident. • Engineer Prouty had not as yet
made his report, and so the real cause of
the accident could not be known. .
The . Southern . Pacific Company is ; at
present using a new: block system, and
old railroad men claim that it is not per
fect, in fact that it is valueless to prevent
collisions. Semaphores have been placed
all along the lines of the Southern Pacific
Companf, ,yet through carelessness or
misunderstandings several collisions have
occurred. • > ' . -.
A rear end , collision .occurred, yesterday
morning ..between . a locomotive and .a
freight train on • the line , of the" Southern
Pacific | Company between Crockett . and
'Port Costa. t.The'engine- was' badly|dam
aged and the' caboose j of theV freight
train was broken up into small kindling
wood. Engineer J. Prouty sustained seri
ous ; injuries irom jumping -from, the "loco
motive. . HeT was\ the only one hurt. He
was brought to this city :> soon : after tha
"accident and tak,en to the Railroad Hos
pital. • :'-.••: ¦-....•"¦ -. • " :: . .- . ¦'¦¦¦ .
The railroad officials are very reticent
about the - cause of the accident and to
all questions reply that until an investi
gation, has been .made "the cause cannot
be ascertained. I r »- ¦ - - . ¦¦"..
Those who saw the wreck say that the
freight, train was not moving and that
the engine suddenly ,- appearect around a
curve and dashed right into the caboose.
Fortunately the ' caboose was > unoccupied
at the time, the conductor and brakemen
being in the front part of the train.
Engineer - Prouty and his firemen owe
their, lives to their jumping from the loco
motive before the collision. /
TVilmore, prior to being sent ,to Alca
traz, served in the Philippines and was
known as a desperate fellow. "While play
ing "monte" with., several fellow soldiers,
he became Incensed at some remark pass
ed by one of them,, and drawing a re
volver, opened fire on them. As the re
sult two of them were instantly killed and
two others seriously wounded. • Wilmore
was arrested after gt* desperate struggle
and subsequently tried by court-martial.
On account of his record as a fighter dur?
ing the frequent skirmishes with the Fil
ipinos, the court sentenced him to life im
prisonment. at Alcatraz. .
After being transported to the island
Wilmore, on account of his Impoverished
system, due to long service in the Philip
pines, was given an "outside" Job.
A short time ago while the guards were
busy searching for a missing convict, Wil
more, who was waiting for Just such a
chance, crawled down the side of the Isl
and, and, tearing away the flight of stairs
which was generally used by visitors to
the military prison, was soon afloat on the
bay. -The stairs were subsequently found
at the Clay-stret wharf. '
As he had a few dollars with him, Wil
more procured a suit of clothes on the
city front and, discarding his uniform;
started uptown to see his old friends who
had done duty with him in the Philip
pines.
The military authorities, after learning
of his escape, notified Captain Seymour,
who detailed Detectives Crockett and
Hammill to arrest Wilmore. Since then
th« detectives have been making a thor
ough search for the escaped convict, but
without getting a trace of him. One of
his friends has Informed the police that
Wilmore's escape was accomplished by
a woman to whom he was engaged to be
married before he joined the forces in the
Philippines. It is said that she was in a
boat contiguous to the Island when Wil
more escaped and had the stairs on which
he was floating towed to this city. Her
name Is known to thft police, and if the
story Is found to be true it is the inten
tion of the military authorities to charge
her with being an accessory. It seems as
if it would have been easier to take Wil
more Into the boat it is said was used in
towing, but it may have been desired by
his rescuers, if he had any, to bring the
Etalrs over to avert suspicion as to ac
complices. « .
The military authorities in conjunction
with the police are making a vigorous
search for Tom "Wilmore.-a colored/ mili
tary convict, who escaped from Alcatraz
In a sensational manner a short time ago.
Engineer and Fireman Escape
/ * by Jumping Before the \
Collision.: ¦
Tom Wilmore, Who 'Killed
\ Two Fellow Soldiers, Re
gains Liberty.
Negro Serving Life Sen
tence at Alcatr az
.Locomotive Dashes Into
a yGaboose Near
Port Costa.
FLOATS ACROSS
BAY ON STAIRS
BLOCK SYSTEM
DOES NOT WORK
FAIR CALIFORNIAN WINS
SUCCESS ON LYRIC STAGE
Maude Lillian EJerri; Once Well Known '>Here;
Returns Prirna Donna of Company.
DIES IN A TENT
FROM STARVATION
Body of a Man Is Found
in the Willows at
1 Mud Lake.
Papers Lead to the Belief That
His Name Was Chester
Billings.
The Morgue officials were notified yes
terday morning that the body of a man
had been discovered on Saturday after
noon at Mud LjLke, among the sand
dunes, west of Ocean View, by a boy
named Harry Sherman. The finding: of
the' remains was reported by Sherman lo
Lieutenant Anderson at the Seventeenth
street police station that evening. Deputy
Coroner Brown and Fred Donohue, the
janitor, drove out yesterday to the scene.
The body was stark naked and death
had occurred about two weeks ago. The
man had strung pieces of canvas between
two willow trees to protect him from the
rain and there he had lived, two miles
from any house. There were>no cooking
utensils in the Improvised ttent, and "how
the man had subsisted was a mystery. A
suit of old clothes was found at the place
and a 'small box containing a lot of
papers, letters and newspaper clippings.
The officials had to carry the body for
nearly two miles to the wagon. Deputy
Brown thinks the man died from starva
tion.
From appearances the deceased was
about 40 years of age. Among the papers
were envelopes addressed to "Mr. Ches
ter Billings, San Jose, Cal.," by his
nephew, whose name was also Chester
Billings, and who lived at Trenton, Cal.'
These envelopes were postmarked > in
1883. A long letter written by deceased to
his nephew was found. He had evidently,
owned a vineyard in Horland, Colo., at
one time, as there was a bill to "Dr. M.
H. Ms-the" for $200 for grapes supplied.
The T"*iri -was of a literary turn of mind,
aa numerous compositions on different
subjects written In pencil on pieces of
wrapping paper and other scraps were
found In the box. Among the documents
¦was also an examination paper from, the
fourth to the fifth, grade in one of the
public schools here dated in 1873 and
signed ''Carrie Barlow, teacher."
Asphyxiated by Gas.
Theodore Vujovich, about 29 years of
ape. was found dead In bed In his room,
E29 Bryant street, yesterday morning.
The room door had not been locked and
the gas was escaping from the burner.
It Is supposed that death was accidental,
as there was nothing to lead to the be
lief that he could have committed sui
cide. He had a^fourth interest in a res
taurant at 10 Sacramento street and sold
it to E. J. GudeUi on January 13 for $500.
He lived with GudelJL In the pockets of
his clothing Chief Deputy Coroner Mc-
Connick found $250. Vujovich was a na
tive of Austria and returned from a trip
to his old home a few weeks ago. The
body was taken to the Morgue.
? Dead in Boom for Two Days.
Frank Otto, an old goldier, who lived
at 515% Bush street, was found .dead in
bed yesterday. He had not been seen for
two days, and it is supposed he died last
Friday. He was over 60 years of age,
and death is supposed to have resulted
from natural causes. The body was re
moved to the Morgue.
PBEPABE FOB. ANNUAL
BENEWAL OP PLEDGES
Members of First District, League of
Cross, Hold Rally at St. Paul's
Church, t
In anticipation of the annual renewal of
pledges by the members of the League of
the Cross, which takes place at St. Mary's
Cathedral on Sunday, February 9, the
members of the district had a rally yester
day at St. Paul's Church, at the corner of
Twenty-ninth and Church streets. The
senior. Junior and cadet branches of the
League ot the Cross attached to St
John's, St. James, St. Peter's and St.
Paul's parishes, were present, and filled
the capacious hall to repletion.
Captain J. H. Reilly of Company K
presided. Rev. Philip J. O'Ryan, gpiritual
director of the League of the Cross, was
present, and delivered a brief address, in
which he urged young and old to remem
ber their pledges- and unite on the im
pressive ceremony. He counseled them
to be strenuous in their faith and devo
tion to the cause of temperance. Father
Kennedy of St. Paul's parish also spoke
in similar strain.
The exercises opened by the audience
singing the hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost,"
and throughout the exercises a number of
musical selections were rendered, includ
ing a violin solo by William Healy and
glees by the quartet of St. Paul's senior
branch. The exercises concluded with the
singing of the VenI Creator, and the reci
tal of prayers.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumaaim and neural cia.
UrucriEte. EOc flask. KIchard & Co. 406 Clay. *
Actor Mendel Arrested.
• Julius Mendejl, an actor at a local con
cert house, wp arrested in a room in a
lodging-house 'on Turk street, near Tay
lor, yesterday morning by Officer HcMur
ray of the California Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children on a war
rant charging him with failure to pro
vide. The complaining- witness is his wife,
Airs. Sallie Herzburn. Mendel had been
living with Helen H&nsen, a girl 19 years
of age, and she was arrested on a charge
of vagrancy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -MONDAY, JANUAET 20, 1902.
10
AJDVERTISEMENT&
liaye for Desserts
: :Thi$ question; arises in the family'
every day. V Let us answer it to-day. /Try
a delicious amd healthf til dessert. Pre-
pared in two" minutes.' No boiling ! "no
baking ! i add boiling .water; and set to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Oranges-Rasp-
berry, and. Strawberry.; '.Get a package
at your grocers to-day. 10 cts.
itijSJ&ffii MEYERS & CO;
¦/¦rT \ SPECIALISTS r0R men.
/.nf «a'« V Established 18SL Con-
X~. VKS^^ H " I sultation and private book
\ iSL^sftt/ free at offlce or l»' mall.
V jWBffijf I < -' ures guaranteed.
A^^i/ ' 7J1 MARKET ST.
¦ ys^j^- -SAN. FRANCISCO, CAL.
This signfttare is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Brprnp-Quinine^weu
thu^«—^ thj* evctn » com m o^ejfaq^
GOLDBERG, BO WEN ft CO'8 SPECIAL 81 VIHU SALS
BDWEN
If St CD
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
v Eggs
Strictly fresh . dozen 25c
K o n a c of f.e e
From the finest coffee growing 2 OC
district in Hawaii— rreg'Iy 25c lb
C as t i 1 e so a p
; French— No 1 quality— . ,, f nr - rr
lots of lather-reg'ly 50c bar 2 ror 75 C
Pin money pickles
Famous sweet pickles— 'Kpts2OC
reg : lw^5c-4ocH5oc— I pts^S 0
all bdt mangol's ; qts 50c
C o x g e la t i n e
Best in the world — ; . ICC
reg'ly 20c large size package
;S t r 1 n g b e a n s
Tender cut beans— Tn " J n * . -
reg'ly 12^0 can IOC-dOZ $1 1 5
v P i n e a p p 1 e
reg'ly - special
Singapore— 20C-2 Ib.can sliced \ . rr
v in rich syrup 20C-2K lb can whole i. . J c
30C-3 lb can whole 25c
M ola ise s
New Orleans — .' cc
reg'ly 75c gallon can
Ho 1 la nd co c o a
Van Houten— pure and good— ; j» -^ •"
reg'ly 95c lb , f, , ~T<-
Bre alias t m u s;K
University— oats • 2 packages
..-•; -;" wheat .3 •;.-." *> 25C
F're n ch mp stard
. Ready touse-plcquant flavor « e
—regMy 20c bottle ? tor 3 5c
G 1 a c e fruit
Erench--reg'ly here sen: lb-~ " 4.0c
. M a c k e r el
10 lb kit Irish. fish— rf _ v< .
reg'ly $160 ,> # lN : 2 5
S te a ri ne candles
Self fitting cnds-reg'ly $1 25 • rf i a -
61b carton-soft light for reading ?*- °5
C h e r r ies
Royal. Anne— 1 lb can— enough ,«
forthree-reg'lyi2Kc. Ioc ;
Cracker s
.Holmes 5: Coutt's home made '
wafers— reg'ly 30c round can—
. vanilla— lemon— chocolate-ginger- 2 Cc
molasses-^trawberryr-^ _y ;' •
Ch e e s e St r a w s
Reg'ly 20c carton— dainty—
/appetizinc^f-fresh stock--^ ;, • • .- I5 C «
AM this week we will continue our Special
Semi-Annual Sale of Laces, Embroideries,
Muslin Underwear and Ribbons.
- ? ¦
5000 uarfls Cambric, Nainsook, 'Swiss ana,
Lawn EDGINGS and INSERTINGS.
5c to 50c per yard.
20,000 uards ENGLISH TORCHON LACES,
lotli Edgings and Insertings, from one to four
inches wide. , > tA
30c, 40c, 50c and 60c per dozen yards.
50 dozen: LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS -and i
made from lest brands muslin and
trimmed with extra gualitu lace and em-
hpnirtppn *
JJIUlLlOlUi
$1, $1.50, $1.75 and $2 each.
: pieces NOVELTY RIBBON, 3 and 3L
inches iyidej and 275 pieces PLAIN WASH
TAFFETA RIBBON, full & inches wide v
These are in all the leading shades. Price
to close :¦'? a
15c yard.
We will also sell this week x a large
accumulation of REMNANTS, RIB-
¦¦•¦BONS; LACES and "EMBROIDERIES
at VERY LOW PRICES,
111,;il3, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
80LDBIBO. BOVIIT 4 CO'8 SflCIAL SATPTg 3A13
O K W h i slry.'
G B & Co— just as it has bots *-•
been for years and years— ° .. * "
, . reg'ly $i bottle— S4 gallon gallon $3
R o c lc a n d rye
Pure— good for a cold— <* T
. reg'ly $1 25 bottle 1P 1
B lo a t e r s
. Grimsby— reg'ly 50c dozen * 40c
C i n"ge rale
Cochrarte & Co Belfast— d...
reg'ly $1 50 dozen *\ 35
Porter, A I e
White label— Bass' ale— Guinness' <t o-
porter— reg'ly $2 25— f 2 doz * ~
B u rg.u n d y
Mountain vineyard— 1 r £. - _
reg'ly |i gallon ' . °5 C
Go Id, ere am
Pinaud— excellent for softening - - -»
the skin— reg'ly 40c jar oj v
S m e 11 i g sal t s
. Crown — agreeable deodorizer —
reg'ly 56c bottle 4 OC
* H a m a me 1 i is
3$ P lnt 15c— pint ?5c— quart 40c
' Best extract of witch hazel >¦
Country Orders'
have careful attention here
Catalogue for a postal
432 Pln» 232 Sutler 2800 California
. San Francisco
Thirteenth and clay Streets, Oakland
I Offers everything connected
I with the care it the eye.
I Factory on premises. Quick
1. repairinz. Oculists prescriptions
I filled. Phone Main 10. • - .
!©642 > 1market5t^
T Speclalisteure*Blood Potaop.Go^rrSftfo?**?
«»led Disorders. Book on Disea^s of Mei», 5?e&
9to3(Uil7;8:30to8..»ev'Ks.Sandii7ii.iotnl2. Consul-
tation free »nd sacredly conflden t£l Call ot add reai
86K Kearny tiu, »an Fnnclseo; CaL
IA/. TT. HESS, '
: KOTAXY PUBLIC 1KD ATTORHET-AT-I.AW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clam 3 Sorackel» Bid?.
Telephone Main B*£, '
Residence 821 .CaHfornj^it^tejow PowelL
Residence Telephone-.-
" J^~ '¦" t» * '" 1 '' ' '¦
I nUL Ul I W ft |->VMarket, 5. F-- Try ,
llHl I rill lUI tur a^ecM 'Brtw.,'
' . ¦ "" . Be Overcoat* aai
.& W4YS. AND MEA%. Sw.
&\''j% It is doubtful If there exists to-day anywhere in. th!a W&iSsSl '¦-
'sf/Y&Z* country or abroad a more thoroughly complete shoe fac- %*&&,'%.
jJ^TS tory than the home of SOROSIS. >> In our catalogue we wS-^*' -
'^2S . have gone . somewhat at length into the reasons for*
**/Pw3^ SOROSIS success. AVe give some idea of the extent of *>3vvft
Uie resources of SOROSIS in a manufacturing way, and <iFSs^liMF
JgMSlrJefi show very conclusively that after all is said and done \LrrtS
mswl£& • C?OROSIS success rests entirely «n merit. No amount
Fti^e^ c ' advertising will make a poor article popular. - • lS^f p*^
IS&Sg&i&l ' We Tvere the first to apply the community of- interest" rsrs?Mw
|*>ir -^9 idca to the> manufacture of a shoe. We make our own uwj
,£>d*j5 lasts, our own patterns, our own leathers. We do not PJO^J
'j£&!§£l the live stock from which comes the raw material £^^«
*'&"*'£&? for that would be impossible, as more than four thou-'^isL^Sft
'^H'jZk •'' dllri skins a.re used by us daily. *S^?&s|?§k
\;j? -^; Aside from that, we eliminate all useless expenditures Pfc^S^ffif*
?%[ \}j T "C result is a ?5 shoe for QJ -*^ PS,iT\ Ntc$&m
j?Jj*./^(& , Sorosis Shoes are only to be had at '• - jfiSiyjjj
- I 2"~2 1 F^ f~^ i ' F^ F^ ft— •i T7
'^%^l EECOXDSKOE STORE FROM MARKET. ST. '" %g&*3&
ADVEBTISEMENTS.