no_textFig. I — Shows the new
pose that the corsets give
one.
Fig II— The correct way of
hooking the new four clasp.
Fig. Ill— The front view,
showing how to adjust f the
tightness.
Fig.IV— Back view, show-
Ing how the upper part is let
out to give breadth.
Fig. V— Direct front, show
ing height and breadth.
Fig. VI-^-Side front, in
which the curve over . the
hip is shown.
, Fig. VII— 2>rawing laces
downward to make the waist
.smaller. » . • x
sation by wearing a black velvet proruse
ly trl mined with ermine. The skirt was
made with a long train, and as she is a
large, regal-looking woman— Just the kind
jto carry, off such a gown— the attention
of feminine eyes was attracted her way
all the evening through. .
; While few of/us, very few, can splurge
In black velvet anti ermine, we can wear
black with white fox. .."When there is no
ermine about it is surprisingly fetching.
Actresses have been responsible to a cer
tain degree for this • fad of fur. "Watch
and see how many play gowns are
trimmed with it and you will realize that
the fur trade has been quite a flourishing
one.. Probably you. will notice something
else, and that is .that the stage is taking
the lead t as far as all- fashions, are con
cerned, and that you only have to sit,
admire and take pointers for a stunning
toilet ¦'".-. V. .-;,.? » ¦¦" -
Your dressmaker will try her best to
persuade you to buy the prevailing color
and material, no matter how you chance
to look. Don't do it. This -will mean, of
course, that you will . be obliged to give
personal attention and even study in fact
to each and every gown, and after all isn't
it better to wear your own fancies than
the worn out ones of your dressmaker?
• Never have chiffon or lace and all kinds
of fluffy things been more in demand than
now, and the wholesale people have been
ordering such things by the dozen bolts.
Chiffon particularly. Even though It ia
terribly perishable, it makes the daintiest,
BOftest effects, and . the expense is not
more' than that of anything else of that
description. - K t , "•
"Sweet simplicity" In finery always
costs more than it looks worth to an In
experienced eye. But beware of tha.
"simple little gown." .It Is always a snare
and a delusion and such a delightful one.
, Thero Is . one thing . that we are , abso
lutely certain . about, and that Is the use
of fur3. Almost any kind and every color
' are being utilized" in one way and an
other, ; ' : ; Even .evening gowns have- not
.been exempt.- A yellow contrasts with an
• otter or mink, seal shows off to good ad
vantage with pfnk and white simply looks
'stunning with black,
Mrs. Potter Palmer created quite a sen-
Nettings are put on over all kinds and
colors of silk. Almost any old gown that
is too badly frayed to be presentable
makes a good background for lace or
point 4'cspzlL Lace Is pre-eminently the
tailors and dressmaxers are buzzing about.
This Is the stagnant time of the year, and
there is infinitely more "managing" than
buying for the present. People are afraid
to buy an out and out new gown, but as
occasion calls • for something natty and
half Tray emart. they S*t their Ingenuity
to work and do the next best thing. I
Of the per capita amount in this coun
try $13 87 is gold, $8 43 silver and $4 41 pa
per, making .gold: somewhat more than
half. In France the proportion is still
larger^ notwithstanding a considerable use
of legal tender gilver, being $21 05 gold to
$10 M of silver and $5 04 of bank notes.
In Great ¦ Pritain the stock of money
consists of fiS6,70O,O0O in gold,, $111,900,000
Taking the. last year, the largest total
stock of money of -any . one nation was
that of the United States, amounting to
$1,020,200,000 gold, $643,300,000 silver i and
$336,600,000 uncovered paper, and the next
largest that of France. The amount per
capita of population was larger In France,
being $37 03, against $26 21 in this country,
but there is nothing like the same use of
bank checks and drafts in France as here.
All the Money in the World
ft N 1S73 the world's stock of money con
sisted of $1,209,800,000 in gold. $1,057,685.-
000 in silver and $2,322,545,000 In uncov
ered paper/or about $4,600,000,000 in all.
Uncovered paper includes notes; in excess
of metallic reserves held for their secur
ity, the latter being virtually in circula
tion through their paper representatives.
In 1890 the total stock of money had in
creased to $11,600,000,000, of which $4,841,
000,000 was gold, $3,818,900,000 silver and $2.
960,100,000 uncovered paper. This shows an
approximately ¦ equal Increase In gold and
silver, while that in paper currency is
relatively small. It is to be remembered
that in India and China and most of the
East the bulk of the money In circulation
is sliver. " •
Australasia Is . credited with no paper
currency, and a per capita of $29 93 In
money; $23 S3 consists of gold and $1 35 of
silver. In the South Africa colonies, too,
the circulation is nearly all gold, being
$17 50 per head in Cape Colony and $26 54
in the South African Republic, or Oranga
and Vaal River colonies, while In India
it is mostly silver and only about $1 50
for each of 296,900,000 people, China is lit
tle better off, with $1 96 per capita, all
Silver. .It is an Interesting fact that tha
increase in the world's production of gold
just about keeps pace with tha demand
for money.— New. York Mail and Express.
- ¦.?•-•¦¦-¦• „-„..";--; •;, . ¦
sllvrr, wholy subsidiary coin, and $112,-
SOO.000 consisting of notes of the Bank
of England and . a few provincial banks.
The per capita amount is $11 96 In gold,
$2 75 silver and $2 75 paper, or $17 46 in all.
The volume Is larger In Germany, both .
absolutely and In proportion to popula
' tlon,' the former -being • $697,900,000 gold,
$208,400,000 silver and $173,800,000 paper, a
total of $1,080,100,000 and the . per . capita
$13 35," $3 98 and $3 32, a total of £0 65.
These comparisons Indicate in a general
way a difference among the leading com
mercial nations in the uso of credit in
struments in place of money.
lerial. She advised everybody to buy lace
.vhen they ,had- a little extra car, fare on
land, saying that the fashion for It would
never go out, and that age only enhanced
its value.
So,- girls, if your wardrobe is entirely
bereft of that article, wait until the Jan
uary sales are on and then sally forth
prepared to buy. Real lace is not essen
tlally necessary, although it is very fine; .
still, It has its drawbacks. You will never
like to chop it up into appliques, for ono
thing.
A good machine-made guipure and
Chantllly'lnsertlons are really made valu
able Just at present. Unless one examines
these high-grade Imitations with a keen
eye one is not the wlEer, and the effect
13 exactly the same, while one's con
science Is Infinitely. , easier. So if you
haven't any make-believe-real-lace just
go out and remedy the matter.
And there is another thing that every
woman ought to have, and that Is a house
gown and a pretty \ one at that. . What
ever else changes fashion these dainty
frocks are never out of place.
1 House gowns are • constructed with •
plenty of lace,' frills and furbelows, and
that makes possible I the release of the
body from the stays, and the woman who
i 3 wise will appreciate this fact and wear
•such a gown at least two or three hours
a day. . • ? ¦ " *
Some women fall to have in their closets
x singl© gown that looks dainty and fetch
ing to wear at home.' All their money Is
spent on their. street clothes. This Is a
mistake and a bad one. For good dress
ing, like charity, begins at home.
Soft light-weight wool Is the best mar
.terial to use, as It clings gracefully to the
.jlgure. Such a gown should never be
made tight fitting, and yet It must not
be too negligee. If the back is made close
I fitting and trained and the front is full
'and fluffy, a happy medium is struck.
A bolero or a lace jacket Is pretty and
particularly. becoming to »tall woman, as
it In a measure detracts from her height.
The question of color has not been taken
up as yet this year, but It is a good prin
ciple to remember to wear colors that
, harmonize with the color', of the eyes and
hair. Most women with brown eyes look
their best in brown, and. you; seldom find
a -woman with blu* eyes to whom that
color is not becoming.'
The individuality Bhould be shown in
colors as. far as possible. "While it . is_ pol
icy to conform to the popular style, one's '
' own particular taste must be. considered.
The woman who has passed- thirty looks
better in neutral tints than in any strong
shades, no matter how swell they are, f or,
they only serve to bring out the wrinkles
and all minor defects.
regenerator of the "past season nock."
There la seldom a time when it fails to
brighten and to add materially to any
Sown, whether it Is new or old.
Some woman who bad a limited supply
of means' and thirteen daughters to. dress
said that lace . was a pood Investment.
That is, of course, good lace. Unless
roughly handled It will .do time and time
again and never appear any the worse
for wear. It la thoroughly appropriate
everywhere and appears to good advan
tage on either light or heavy weight ma.
The Icminine world seems to be saving
up to buy the wonderful things that the
For a while everything was the girdle
and really that only answered as a con
venient l>elt to fasten one's clothes to.
These new corsets certainly live up to
their name. By using two laces and pull
ing one up and the other one down the
lone waist effect is made and retained.
The newest stays ox* radically different
from those worn durinp past seasons. In
the first place they are not made of salln.
as the majority of pirO'.os have been.
Again they are Wlfb and long and very
pointed in front. The hips are more than
half, incased. Under the arms tile stays
are shorter; but arc high both in back
and front.
THE con.ine season promises to be
excessively rich in all kinds of
frocks and trimmings.
"\Vhi e Dame Fashion has not ex
actly set her approval stamp on
»ny particular mode she has made it im
perative that long waists arc the only
thing, and that to be within her magic
i-irole at all one must- affect that style.
Whether It le natural or not does not In
Uio least matter, but have it one must.
WHAT DAME
FASHION
STAMPS
WITH
APPROVAL.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2But inasmuch as petty quarrels leaked
out, it is, deemed that ywhere there was
smoke there ;must have been fire. ¦ Chin
Gok-'s bride was taken to Chin's home oa
There is no doubt that blood has been
shed plenty of times on her account. The
real inside, of .Chinatown is "dark to ua,
and .we can only surmise, for; proofs do
not 'exist. Que,Qui's beauty, we may be
sure, was at the' bottom of many a feud,
although the white man can never.ascer
tain data that' the Chinese hold within
their, close Iwalls. •
eye to financial gains, but sne was snrewd
herself, and her drinking never passed the
fine point . beyond which she would cc-ase
to be absolutely mistress of herself. Sha
was too clever a beauty for any folly of
that kind. r ¦
When she became a free woman she
took full advantage of her privilege. She
went forth In' the streets every day, pa
rading in such garments as the Orient
alone conceives. It is said that she never
appeared in less than $5000 worth of dress.
Her blouse was always made of the rarest
embroidered silks, and the Jewelry | that
she wore was valued at hundreds of dol
lars. Her bracelets were of precious Jade
and gold— all Chinese Jewelry is of twen
ty-four karat gold — and she had a -way. of
•throwing out her graceful little arms to
show them. Her plastered hair was fast
ened In the back of her neck with wonder
ful ornaments. There was a marvelous
flch, cunningly wrought of different pre
cious metals so that it glinted in the sun
like the scales' of a real fish. This was
only one of Jthe gifts of Jew Nun, who was
on her list of adorers.
The queen had still. another accomplish
ment In addition to her coquetry and her
prettiness. She could sing. Twanging
her butterfly piano she would chant the
gayest and ther 'saddest little Chinese
songs In a way that made men, even the
sphinxes that Chinese men are, laugh one
minute and sniff the next.
The proprietor of the Chinese Theatei
heard her and saw her one night at a
banquet, and the next day he 'came to old
Loo Soo with an offer. He said he would
pay him one hundred dollars a week for
the girl's services as a performer on his
stage. He prophesied standing room only.
"Your dollars are refused," replied old
Loo Soo, who, although he 16ve# the" joy
of turning an honest 'penny, nevertheless
loved his aristocracy better.-. "There Is no
class so low* as, that of the actor, save only
the barber and the undertaker.' 1 '- My niece
shall never disgrace her ancestors by ap
pearing on the stage.". ;.•-' -.-..#_
Therefore her,' voice was always kept
for more exclusive use— for private ban
quets, and for rioted celebrations : such
as the opening of a new Jos3 house or
restaurant. _: No one 'thought of giving a
really,, swell affair • without . her as the
guest of honor. She, was dined and wined,
In no wise differently from whiter ;belles«.
Feasts were held at tho restaurants—^
feasts 'where she might have •¦¦been \ the
only woman ; present » for 'the attention
shown' her. '¦'¦¦ Others with., even' smaller
feet— for hers Had been 'bandaged only, in
her, babyhood— sat In. corners and' puffed
their cigarettes for company^ Curtain lec
tures, filled' the hours after the banquet
ers went home, and the 'gallant gentlemen
of Dupont- street" were squaring them
selves ¦ with their :' wives for days ¦ follow
ing. ' .-,
. It was the same. way whenever a. Joss
house or restaurant was opened. Elab
orate . entertainments' are always given on
such. occasions, and Que Qui was present,
the center of attraction. Wheh the,', last
joss house was "opened r she was engaged
to sing nine] weeks ahead, for entertain
ers stood in line for her 'like ticket-buyers
for grand 6?er"a. ~> ¦" \ -,
Her health was drunk in Chinese brandy
and. in champagne as well, and she. en-,
couraged good, fellowship with *ari. eagle
There Is none to replace Que Qui. ;
So far as San Francisco's Chinatown
goes the Queen is dead. But who shall
say, "Live the Queen"? ¦ ,',
At the end of the three days she fled.
The various owners? of the $3130 rose In
their wrath and reported her to tha
police. Enemies before, they are joined
now in a common cause of Jilt. And
handsome good-for-nothing Chin Wlnsr
Is waiting comfortably in Hongkong for
th! arrival of the steamer that will bring:
his beauty and the neat little sum on
which theyiare to begin life together.
It is said that she was on the duck
ranch In South San Francisco, the one
that lies over by the rope walk, during
the three days that she was In biding.
The duck man comes to Chinatown to
sell his goods and she had made him a
friend and a firm one ¦while she bought
ducks.
She has gone to join- her, lover. Ha
called for China on the last voyage of
the Coptic and he was in port about tha
time that she started. She probably
made a roundabout Journey by way of
Portland. ; . -. * /
Que Qul worked matters up to the point
where she wanted them and made her
leap at the psychological moment Her
credit had grown rather bad. but sh»
worked it up again by borrowing small
amounts from different men and repay
ing them with conscientious promptitude.
Their confidence In her was restored and
on the day that she had appointed to
flee she emptied thefr pockets to the sum
of 53150. ";.;/
While they were plotting she was sup
porting him. A big part of the money
that she borrowed from Jim and Quong
and the rest she used to keep him dressed
in the height of Chinese fashion. He was
a devilish . handsome fellow, anyway
dressed In the clothes she bought him ha
looked like, a prince. But the merchants
never knew that he and their favorite had
so much as a speaking acquaintance, so
carefully did the two guard their secret.
Chin worked in a saloon at times— ha
never succeeded, in holding a poaitton
very long. He gambled away a good
deal of the money that she gave him
and he always gambled badly. He was
not a clever Eport. .
Skillfully she kept up the hopes of thesa
two and all the time plotted with her
lover. li-i'^Vi
He gave her* a banquet where 130 guests
ate all the delicacies that the market af
forded and drank champagne and lis
tened to a band and admired the queen.
She had eyes for Quong alone. She was
a flawless diplomat and her host always
reaped his reward by receiving all her at
tention.
Quong Hing is known as the masher of
Chinatown. He wooed Que Qul and lost.
Quong Hing is the little man who owns
eight stores and turns over fortunes
every year in his Importing' trade. He is
an eighty-pound man, whose small body
Is so valuable to a hostile tons that ha
goes about with , It encased la a steel
coat of mall that must^wslgh as much
as he does. He looked carefully .to tha
weak points in this armor when he began
to court Que Qui. »wi
Jim Wong always called her bis mas
cot. On the day that she left she gave
him advice in his lottery buying and ha
won $2000 that same night, although she
had decamped with $250 that she owed
him. Jim .Wong cannot complain, for ho
found his financial matters very much to
the good, although he would rather lose
his money an.d have Que Qul.
They are wealthy men, powerful men,
desperate men. It took all the woman's
wits to' keep them, dangling and yet avoid
the danger point. Tljey would be ready
to kill her, kill each ottfer, kill anybody,
in a rage of Jealousy when she would ln
• tervene with her merry, caressing waya
and they would be happily reassured.
They never knew that Chin Wing exited.
much less that he was all the time her
chosen lover, and that she was laying
plots along with him— plots so deep that
they have succeeded In the face of China
town's wrath and the white man's shrewd
law-preservers.
Her money and valuables came from
many sources. Jew Nun says that he
bought her $410 worth of jewelry on tha
day she disappeared — it was all in brace
lets, that she might make more flash and
Jingle when she tossed her pretty arms be
fore him. Buck Eye has spent as much
as $5000 on her in his time, but the moat
persistent of her suitors were Jim "Wong
and Quong Hing.
She made friends wherever she went.
She had a jolly word for Chinese and
white people alike. She. spoke English
easily and she won. friends with-it.
""We all alike wish to "eat," she said.
One thing* all Chinatown says of her:
She was the most charitable woman with
in Its limits. The filthy poor in Spofford
alley and In Fish alley and in Ea5$lett
alley all miss her. She fleeced the rich
without a scruple, borrowed from them
thousands of dollars that she never
dreamed of repaying, but she opened her
purse to any one in need. She visited tha
sick herself and carried them what they
wanted. She sold her jewelry once when
cash happened to be a little difficult, just
to keep a family of hungry babies from x
starvation— they were dirty and worthless
babies, but she did not care for that.
her wedding day to come face to face with
a picture of Que Qul hung conspicuously
on the wall. She went into a rage over
It and Chin, who la more conscientious
than diplomatic, told her that he really
loved Que Qui all the time and would
have married her if he could. The bride
wet the cake of ink that lay on the table
and daubed the face of the queen, but
Chin washed the ink off and guarded the
picture sacredly after that.
There Isn't one Chinese woman in a
hundred who has any romance In her soul.
They are the pieces of household furni
ture that their country's customs have
made them. That is why Que Qui, with
the temperament of a senorita, stands out
In Chinatown's history, never to be for
cottcn, wlicre she never may be replaced.
What she pleased to do was to flirt with
all masculine Chinatown for more than
half a dozen years, then elope with a
poverty-stricken gambler.
Their purse strings, tight enough at
other times, opened wide when she ap
peared. They loaned her money whenever
she asked for It. and they bought her
Jewelry such as a queen or an actress
might covet. In a short time she had
collected enough money to pay off her
mortgage and make her a /ree woman.
Old Loo Soo sold her to herself and there
after she was at liberty to do as she
pleased, go where she pleased, marry
whom she pleased.
Not openly. She held the trump card
of beauty and she played that card for
all It was worth. She did not laugh In
a man's face when he loved her and had
money to love her with. She coaxed him
and wheedled him and teased him and
petted him and then chilled him Just
enough to lead him on . farther. She
proved to him beyond a doubt one min
ute that he was the only man who In
terested her and the next she had him
tweaking his queue in a rage of jealousy.
She had every wile that woman ever
practiced at her finger tips, and all she
wanted was the gifts that her followers
brought her.
She laughed at them.
She coon came to be known by every
one who knew. Chinatown. The pipe
mender on the corner and the fish dealer
and even the low-caste undertaker had to
gaze at her as she passed, out of sheer
admiration, although It was as a cat looks
at a king. Dealers of moderate means
eyed her at first with a gleam of hope,
but they Boon learned that it was no use.
For the merchants, the swells., the elite,
were Quarreling for her favor, quarreling
even to the point of bloodshed.
As eld Loo Soo looked . at her and
-watched other people look at her he
patted himself f6r his shrewdness. He
bad made a bargain that would be the
delight of any man on Dupont street. He
had got her for the dirt-cheap price of
?3000.
She walked forth on the street and men
eaw her and coveted.
Que Qui was the greatest beauty ever
brought from China. She was perfectly
formed and her features were as regular
as those of the ladies on the painted pea
cock fans. Her skin was smooth and del
icately yellow, like old ivory; her eyes
were Oriental, sparkling one moment and
sleeping the next; her mouth was little
and red and her nose was as coquettishly
tilted as a French poster nose.
And she has given away her smiles,
after all. Chin Wing, the lover who has
won her after her eight years of heart
breaking. Is a good for nothing gambler.
Without a cent in the world, except the
money that she has brought him. She
iiiughed at the wealth that the merchants
laid at her feet. She did what hundreds
of beautiful and romantic girls have done
the world over since time began. She
made fools of the wise and avenged them
in the end by making a fool of herself.
Nine thousand dollars is a neat price
lor a woman. And even so it was a bar
gain that old Loo Soo, the uncle, made.
There are merchants on Dupont street,
merchants who have fleeced wealthy
tourists for years past, who would give
the fortunes hardly earned in that fleec
ing for that bit of a yellow beauty. They
would call nine thousand dollars a bar
guln counter price to pay for the daily
¦warmth cf her smiles.
Jim Wong and Quong Hing and the
other gallants of Chinatown's smart set
are wrathy enough over the loss of their
dollars. But they would rather any day
give up their whole fortunes than lose
Qu© Qul. She had their hearts in the
palm of her tiny taper-fingered hand and
they knew It. She played with those
hearts and they knew that, too. And
they let her play and they .let her make
fools of them, and in tb*e end they let
her escape with their n^oney. Now they
are making a tremendous roar and call
ing for the police to avenge them.
Chinamen are men.
Que Qui has toddled on her little feet
through the streets of Chinatown ever
since 1S94, making conquests wherever
'the chose to toddle. In 1SS4 her uncle
brought her to this country direct from
her borne In Hongkong; she was 17 years
o!<3 then, and a nine thousand dollar
beauty.
C"T> KE Queen of Chinatown, after a
I career that reads like the life of a
I Parisian favorite, has bolted.
I Ner has she bolted alone. l Along
with her have gone a lover and
three thousand sweetly jingling dollars.
Jim Wong misses the familiar jingle of
some of these dollars, and Quong Hi rig
misses that of others, and there are scat
tered sums that might be accounted for
if certain fond merchants chose to tell
the tale of how they loved not wisely but
too well. There is trouble aplenty In Chi
natown and a. woman is at the bottom
Of It.
By *Sarah Ccmstock.
ROMANCE OP
. THTRTY-ONE
HUNDRED AND
FIFTY'. 0OUVARS
AND A' PRETTY
MAIDEN-
B5AUTTPUU
• QUE QU%
WHO FTNAUUY
EUOPES WT?H
Tfr^E WTWY
GAMBUER.
3
THE ;SUNPAT: CALL.
FLIGHT OF THE QUEEN OF CHINATOWNTHE CAIX;
The Best Known Club "Wo
men of the Pacific Coast?" Do
you know who they are? Or,
in knowing who th.ey axe,
have you eyar studied their
personalities to know why
they should be considered the
"best known"? This sketch of
Mrs. Jacob Erandt is tho
twelfth in an interesting
series on just those lines.
Kirs. Jacob Brandt.
TKE weak begtanteg en Sunday,
Jiraur M, starts with very qulet
la* vibrations, but by the 29th Mer
cery comes Into power and this in
fluence will bring excitement and
great activity In commercial lines. Mer
chants should find the spring trade very
-vigorous, and travelers, agents and so
licitors will experience a profitable sea
son.
Speculation during tills week should b«
CUlte lively. During the next seven days
treat care should be exercised In regard
to health and caution taken for the pre
vention of contagion.
The weather will be pleasant the nrst
part of the week, followed by rain and
soft enow. After the 30th winds will pre
vail, and there will be heavy storms
along the Atlantic coast
Marriage.
Conditions y _vernlng matrimony are
quite prop iiio u.s. Those contemplating
this important event should select the
27th, £Sth or :he 23th, these days being
the most favorable ones of the week.
Business. '
January UG. Sunday— This Is an uncer
tain day, and there should be no im
portant letters written nor negotiations
for business made upon this date.
January 27. Monday— Business will open,
to-diiy with the promise of a successful
week. Long- standing bills should be col
lected on this date.
Speculators should sell, early nnd
oft*m. The market should open fair,
with grain and provisions in the lead,
but these will drop by 10 a. m., and
sugar thould go up a few points by
noon. An uncertain aspect will follow,
and the market will close lower.
January 28, Tuesday-This is an excel
lent day upon which to seek employ
ment, make changes and to push new
schemes. The stock market will be quite
changeable until 12 in. Wheat rls^s at
1 o'clock and the market should close
higher.
January 29. Wednesday-Business will
be very brisk upon this day. and some
large sales made. This is a good day for
ihose holding real estate or mining
chares. Sell. b« cautious and ask no fa
vors. The market will fluctuate, and will
be doll for all save tho bears.
Predictions for the -week
by a professional astrologer
Eh.o-win.g- lucky and. unlucky
days for business, love and
marriage, giving birthday
advice and life forecasts of
infants bom during' the next
seven days. -
January 31, Friday— Those who celebrate
the anniversary of their birth upon this
day will acquire, within the next year,
many new and Influential friends. High
positions should be Intrusted to the young
men, while the girls will be fortunate in
January 30, Thursday— Those who cele
brate their birthday to-day will find suc
cess in public business and in political
occupations, but they should be careful
in speculation and In lending money. AH
had best control their tempers and gov
ern hasty Impulses. • Both men and wo
men should be fortunate in lova affairs
ana In their domestic careers.
January 29, Wednesday— An active year,
full of hard work, awaits those who cele
brate their birthday to-day. Progress will
be made by some, while ill health will
prevent others from accomplishing their
ambitions. Do not. lend or borrow money
during this year, and young women should
not engage in business pursuits. '
January 28, Tuesday— This will be a for-
Junate year for all who celebrate the an
niversary of their birth upon this day.
Young men who change their occupations,
or who enter new employ, -will find their
efforts crowned with success. This is not
a good year for speculation. Women who
marry during this year will make most
advantageous matches.
January 26, Sunday— Those who cele
brate their birthday upon this day may
meet with unexpected misfortune during
the next year. Family disputes and law-
Buits will menace some. There will be
Journeys and eventful happenings for
others. Toung men will. court, but should
not marry unti} the following year.
January 27, Monday — Those whose
birthday falls upon this date will expe
rience a lucky year. Elderly men will
be fortunate In business and will accu
mulate money. Progressive women will
find this year replete with satisfactory
events. It Is not a, good year, however,
for changes or the Institution of new en
terprises. * 1 .. ¦ . .
Birthdays.
February I. Saturday— The financial re
sult for the week will be most satisfac
tory, and some large business deals
should be consummated upon this date.
Grain should lead the market upon this
day. There should be some lively changes
between the hours of 11 and 12.
January 30. Thursday— This day is a
propitious one for starting upon journeys,
to ask favors and to make changes and
engagements. It is a good day for those
holding railroad stocks, foreign securities
and long-time Investments. The market
opens quite firm, will go up at 10, but will
be quite changeable until 1:30 p. m.
January 31. Friday— Mechanics and all
Ironworkers will realize profits upon this
day. Changes can be successfully made,
and requests should be granted.
Speculation will be good in xnlniru;
stocks and minerals, and there should be
a slight advance in copper, iron and steel.
The market opens a little low. Grain
should be in the lead at 11 o'clock, but
minerals will be In the ascendency by
noon.
The Secrets of the Stars Made Clear to You
January 31, | Friday — These children will
always work hard, will acquire money,
but will be generous to a fault. They win
be of, cosmopolitan tastes and will pos
sess many friends. The boys will choose
railroad careers and should hold high.po
sitions. The girls will be fond of travel.
February 1, Saturday— The children of
to-day will be successful in life and will
be of happy, bright natures. They, will
love amusements and will; choose the ar
tistic, musical and histrionic lines. .The
girls will be fond of society and display
and will take great pride in a fine home
and surroundings. They; will be Inclined
to be extravagant. ' ~ • _
January 30, Thursday— The children born
upon this day will be quick-willed, skillful
and reliable. The boys should become
government officials and politicians. The
girls will be pretty and bright and make
social ' leaders. All should ' be happy In
their marital careers. .
January 28, Tuesday— These children will
be industrious, Intelligent and skillful.
All will be successful in life, but especial
ly so will be those who choose for their
vocations art or music, or who go upon
the stage. The girl's will not care for
domestic lives.
January 29, Wednesday— The children of
to-day will be ambitious and dissatisfied
and will be Inclined to change their homes
and occupations too frequently. The boys
should become excellent navigators and
be successful in transportation and civil
service lines. The girls should become
writers and should be fond of the sciences.
January 27, Monday— The children born
upon this day will be stubborn and self
willed. N They should be fortunate in ac
quiring money and in making lucrative in
vestments. The boys should make excel
lent managers or teachers. The girls will
make living wives and careful mothers
and could also become fine teachers or
nurses. i
January 26. Sunday— The children born
at 10 a. m., or from 5 to 6 p. m., upon
this day should be quite fortunate in their
undertakings. Some will be early dis
couraged and inclined to be indolent.
They will do best in the employ of others.
The girls will probably marry while quite
young.,;
The children who are born under 'the
dominance of Venus will be affectionate
and kind, with mhd, even tempered na
tures. 1 hose v.-ho arrive while Mercury
is in the ascendency will be high strung,
with artistic temperaments. The b6ya
should nil high positions, while the girls
should- become brilliant successes in any
line they choose.
Births.
February 1, Saturday — This will be an
excellent year to start new enterprises, to
invent and to work out ' new interests,
should your birthday fall upon this day.
There may be danger of accidents or sud
den illnesses, and care should be taken
in making radical changes of climate.
professional life and iii business. This
will be a favorable year to deal in real
estate.
Be careful when eating to use both sides
of the mouth; it is a very bad habit to
eat only on one side. In this case the
teeth hav-> not all the same amount of ex
ercise, and decay sets in more rapidly on
one side than the other.
An excellent wash for immediate use
after teeth have been extracted is made
by dissolving a teaspoonful each of honey
and pulverized alum in a cup of strong
sage tea, " adding- 5 a pinch of borax. If
water containing a strong solution of salt
is taken into the mouth after the extrac
tion of a tooth the danger of hemorrhage
will be allayed. Salt is- good to use oc
casionally—a little In a glass of water-
In brushing ;the teeth, as. It makes the
gums hard and of good color. . ¦ : / ¦ *.
Natural ' and healthy gums are pink in 1
color at the base, and gradually deepen
in color until they become quite red where
they merge with the mouth. .For.v.in
flamed-gums, two 'parts of glycerine and
one part o£ powdered burnt alum rubbed
on them at night strengthens and restores
them to health, provided the trouble , is
not caused by tartars in this case the tar
tar must first be removed.
: : If gums become spongy they are apt to
recede from the. teeth and leave the roots
exposed, / and decay sets In very rapidly
in consequence. To harden the gums and
euro this softness, use a powder once a
The beauty of the cheek Is oftener de
stroyed by the loss of the teeth than by
any other cause. This, therefore, is an
additional reason 'for taking good care of
these features whose perfectnesa of con
dition is essential to every handsome face.
Tho teeth indeed are given us not only Cor
the purposes of mastication, and to • as
sist us In speaking, but to help to pre
serve the beauty and contour, of the luce.
It is most .important ' that"- teeth be
brushed, thoroughly at night, for it la
then, when the tongue is in repose, that
the acid of the saliva gets In its own good
work on the teeth. • Milk - of magnesia
should be used after brushing the teeth
at night, and it helps to protect the,
enamel from the actions of the acids that
form in Lhe mouth during sleep. •.., : .¦'.¦
In some cases, tartar accumulates so
rapidly that it must be removed every six
months, for neglected tartar brings a
whole train of evils in its wake. It. con
sists of lime, and from first settling
around the teeth near the gums, it goes
on extending down around the roots until
in its final action the teeth loosen and fall
out.- ;¦;'¦: ¦ ..'- ¦'¦¦¦ ¦ • ¦ .. ¦,' - ¦ •¦¦¦¦ -
Important Details.
The dally use of some tooth powder
sufficient to produce, i# connection with
the brush, a gentle friction, .will' keep .the
teeth beautifully polished and will also re
moye those daily accumulations, which
are at first only of a pasty character, but
if neglected soon become hard and form
what is called tartar— salivary calculus.
This friction is also invaluable in giving
strength and a healthy tone to the gums.
An old reclne for 'tooth powder calls for
rye or rye bread, which should be burned
to ashes, then ground to powder by pass
ing a rolling pin over it, after which it
is passed through a fine sieve 1 .
The saving virtues of rye consist in" its
containing carbonate of lime, carbonate
of magnesia, oxide of iron, manganese
and silica— all suitable for application to
the teeth. That favorite tooth powder,
camphorated chalk,' Is very easily ynarfe.
One drachm of very finely powdered cain
phor is mixed with six ounces of prepared
chalk. Powder the camphor by means of
alcohol, then sift the whole well together.
ment of the brush to be more of a wrist
than an elbow motion, in other words a
semi-rotation of the brush on its axis.
Laurel hall was -the first woman's club
to be founded in San Francisco. It has
kept to a small membership, not reaching
ouc # to ,the many who are always ready
to use clubs as a means to social ends,
but holding to those who were in dead
earnest in their desire to study. Dther
clubs have made themselves better
known in the matter of public activities; •
Laurel Hall has always 'kept to a con
servative standard of selfrculture.
So it was something of a surprise when
tt elected l'or. its president a woman who
was pretty ¦¦ rattier ¦ than. Imposing: a
woman ''whose 'youthful 'Charms had not
given wuy, Some of the wiseacres who
looked til Mrs. Brandt regarded her as
you might' regard a child wno vyas put at
the helm of a big ship. - They were-
Vralchingr for the sli.'p to go down. ¦
Two ytars and it hasn't gone down, nor
is ther/ any prospect of its uo::i£ so. The
members— 125 of them— find that the club
moves so smoothly that they don't even
nee the machinery that makes It gb.
That is just, where I>lrs. Brandt's secret
lies. . N . .'. '
A member of the club says that— a
member who was there before over the
little lady was proposed for president and
one who has -- wateheel tne ' Wordings of \
the thins with a keen" eye!
."The- woman must nave .wonderful
tact," she says. "She never seems to be
doing , so much— she floes .not force any
views or theories down 'the club's throtit,
nor even attempt to; but She keeps every
thing smooth in such a quiet way that we
bartily realize that she is doing It." •
.Now the fact is that a club does not
keep itself smooth. \ No matter how earn
est the members,, no matter how much
they may believe they are working for
a common . cause, prompted by a com
mon "interest, there are bound to be dif
ficulties arising, fretful little waves that*,
grow pretty fast into a storm. After the -
storm has arisen it is a hard matter to
quell it. • The trick of the matter is to
prevent it. ¦ .•_.•- .
Mrs. Brandt has done that time and
time again in her own way, away that
everybody envies and very few can imi
tate. She has tact, which Is feeling- she
feels where there is going to be a cLish
long before it comes, before the clashets
themselves realize there is something in
the air. By .just the right word at just
the right moment, by humoring som*
body who was cherishing fancied injury,
by. showing an interest in some hobby, "'t
has all seemed very easy for her, aa i*
always seems easy for those people who
have the knack, the cultivated knack.
The literary .branch of the club work,
is what interests her most, she says,- but
she does not. take as active a part in it
as others. She is not a. woman who-wri*C3
papers. She knows how to nnd those who,
do, though. She has shown an ability for
bringing out latent talent rather than for
displaying her own, and perhaps her way
is the better, after all, for one In her po
sition. • . .-.. .
f* She is bo young and unclublike that you
have to believe that she ; has taken up
dubwork for Its own sake, not as. so
many. do, because it is the usual drift Tor
women past the gay social age. ¦¦ There
fore it is worth while to ask her why she
believes in clubs. ¦¦'. s :..,...
"I don't bother particularly . about be
lieving in them." she says,. "because I am
not a woman of many theories. But I en-,
Laurel Hall, sLaid, conservative, intel
lectual and exclusive Laurel Hall, elect
ed her to preside over it two years ago
and has used no other since. It v/as
somewhat of a new thing in club circles
and' everybody didn't know whether It
would work. For club presidents there
is a prejudice In favor of large, imposing
gray-haired women who have achieved
miadle years and are possessed of what
is known as "presence." Mrs. Brandt is
not particularly large, although she tends
to plumpness; she is not by any means
middle-aged, and Instead of being gray
she Is fluffy and blonde. Hence Laurel
Hall went against tradition with a bump
when it elected her. , " .
/TyUJ&S are like the gout— they sel-
I / dom attack the young.
I / V Mrs. Brandt is one of the bright
\L/ particular exceptions to this b"ig
\p rule;. She is one of the youngest
club presidents that we have here or any
where else, and she is president of San
Francisco's oldest club. Except as a
matter of personal protection that "one
of" might have been left out.
Best-Known Club Women on the Pacific Coast
joy them. Clubs broaden women, and
we need broadening.. We don't have the
chance that men have to grow."
Her principal interest outside of the
Laurel Hall work is the Girls' Union.
That is the home on Pine street where
•'material aid is extended to the self-de
pendent, self-respecting girls of San Fran
cisco, irrespective of creed or denomin
ation." She is a director in this organ
ization and she spends more of her time
than she ought to, she says, helping the
girls there. They are all in a hurry to
see her when she comes.
"Eecauso sh* is jolly," one of them
said, and added:
"One day. we were all playing tag in the
house. We were pretty big to do it, but it
was rainy and we didn't know what else
to do. All of a sudden somebody said,
'Hush!' Whoever it was heard Mrs.
Brandt coming in and we were making
a terrible lot of noise ami we stopped liko
a lot of bad school children when th^j
teacher comes back suddenly. "We felt
so silly to bo caught playing like that, a
lot of big grown-up girls. But what do
you think Mrs. Brandt did? .
"She said. "Wen. l3n*t this a good way
to forget the bad weatEer? WTio's It?
Tag me. I want to be it.' and she threw
oft her bat and played tag there Ilka caa
of us.
"And she's a director, too. What do yon
think of that?"
(Copyrtsht, 19«, by S. S. McClure Co.
<y* BEAUTIFUL, woman loses half her
f I power of attraction if she have poor
I I teeth, while one plain of feature is
V I able to charm if she have fine ones.
JL So important a part, indeed, do
teeth play in a woman's appearance that
history has been made by them, for have
tre not often been reminded that if one
front tooth had been taken from Helen's
mouth there had never been a siege of
Troy and the Iliad had never been written.
Some one, who takes a gloomy view of
life, tells us that the only way to secure
a. good Bet of teeth is to begin with our
ancestors, four generations back; there
are several grains of truth In this state
ment, but let us not be wholly discouraged
if ancestors have failed to do their duty
by us In this respect. As to the color, of
the teeth, varying as it doge in different
cases, we may be certain that the color
Is the best which harmonizes with the
complexion of the individual. Pearly
•white teeth go with a very white skin,
•while the deepeT toned teeth — which are
the Btrongest— are found in the mouth of
the brunette.
The first requisite lor sound teeth Is
good health; If the health is poor all the
organs of the body become so weakened
•lb to be readily attacked by disease. The
•eeond requisite 1* a thorough mastication
of the food. Modern cookery has largely
• dispensed with the use of teeth, obviating
All decay of the teeth begins from the
outside, no such thing as internal decay
ever having been demonstrated; hence, if
the surface could be kept absolutely clean,
no decay could take place. Three tooth
brushes should always be kept on the
toilet table. One should be rather hard,
one moderately soft, while the third
should be small and round, with a curve
in the handle, so as to get into every cor
ner of the mouth, both before and behind
the teeth. In brushing the teeth the
proper way is to brush and clean them
from the gums downward for the upper
teeth and from the gums upward for the
lower teeth. By this method the bristles
go between the teeth, touching their ap
proximating surfaces. a& well as cleaning
the front and sides of the teeth. It is
not less important to brush downward on
the roof surface of the upper teeth and
upward on the lingual side of the lower
teeth, that is to say. brush the inside of
the teeth as carefully as the. outside.
They should be brushed separately, eacli
row by itself; the upward motion, which
is the proper one for the lower teeth, not
being allowed to extend to the upper
teeth, as the brush would then impinge
upon the upper gums and cause them to
recede. The teeth at the right side are to
be brushed with the right hand; those on
the left side with the left hand, the move-
the necessity of mastication to a great ex
tent; the result is a defective tootU-forma
tion. the great predisposing cause of de
cay. Too much of our food is prepared
in a liquid or soft condition and too much
liquid is taken into the mouth with dry
food. . •
week made of
Quinine ......: ......7 drachms
Chlorate of potash.... -...3 drachms
Powder of ratanhia. . 3 drachms
Or the gums can be painted with tinc
ture of myrrh, borax and cologne. If the
gums become so tender as to ulcerate,
lemon Juice and camomile should be
mixed together and .painted on with a
camel's hair brush every night until there
Is a cure. -
You have probably been told at some
time in your career that there is danger
for the teeth in drinking very hot or very
cold liquids, that, in fact, they will crack
the. enamel. Now. all that is nonsense,
for the simple reason that you could not
bear anything in your mouth which would
be at a temperature to injure the enamel
of your teeth. The enamel is safe enough
unless you are so rash as to tempt fate
by biting threads or doing foolish things
like that with the teeth. Even candy
eating is not bad for the teeth. Some
¦:'-. ...'¦ .:. " . ' ¦ _
dentists even go so far as to say that
sugar is nourishing to the teeth rather
than otherwise. >
In enumerating the charms of his mis
tress one of the old poets places foremost
among them her sweet breath, which had
a perfume like that of roses and violets.
The charm of an agreeable breath con
sists in the fact that there is nothing no
ticeable about it, only somehow there Is
always- a subtle, clean fragrance in the
atmosphere surrounding the person who
pays due attention to the inward as well
as the outward man. Physiologically,
bad breath is a matter of no small im
portance, as it is a sign of bad health,
if it is not caused by the condition of the
teeth. The digestive apparatus is out of
order, and medical advice should be
.sought. In the meantime a purifier of the
breath should be used. An excellent one
Is made of rosewater, 12 ounces, and 4
drachms of chlorate of potash; rinse the
mouth daily with this. One may also
make sure of a sweet breath by the use
A London dentist claims that education
la playing havoc with the teeth of modern
generations. The ancient, sturdy, square
jaw of the English race is changing; not
through neglect of the teeth, but to les
sons and book learning, to an angular or
V shape, which presses the molars ens
upon tie other, does not give them room
to grow and will, in time, prevent some*
of them from cutting at alL Indeed this
catastrophe is not infrequent already, ue
adds, mournfully. In many cases the
original teeth are becoming less in num
ber than they should be and often the
wisdom teeth fall to appear. In a thou
sand years from now no one will hava
them. They give one so much trouble and
are so prone to decay that It seems too
bad they didn't become obsolete a thou
sand years aso. •
Curious Dental Facts.
of caehous made as follows: Dlssorrs
3 ounces of licorice extract in the s»am«
measure of cold water and add 1 ounce of
gurn arabic Let it boil away to two
thirds, then add a drachm each of mas
tic, cascarilla.and orris root— the latter
for fragrance, the other injrredienta for
sweetening and cleansing. These axe to
be pounded to a powder before being
added to the other mixture; boii until of
the proper consistency to roll into pel
lets. Orris root suggests violets ana li
the subtlest of perfumes.
4
THE BEAUTY QUEST
WHITE AND EVEN
TEETH¦¦ / . ¦ , •
"That's what I relieve ought to be
done with the Filipino, He ought to
he spanked, and spanked hard."
ON THE PEACE QUESTION.
"There is nothing there for the man
with, sag, $1000. If he has $5000 he
might do well" enough."
FOR THE MONEY-MAKER.
tractcd and used. in. the manufacture of
finer qualities of soap. This makes the
raising of cocoanuts one of the principal
industries. •/.'*». • .'.
"Americans could either become plan
ters or buy the product from native'plan
ters.V . • . - i ¦
"But the man with , capital will . fin.1
himself seriously handicapped by the la
bor problem. He cannot take American
laborers'* over there 'because Americans
cannot. work steady at heavy manual la
bor in that country. Of course, theji»con
I act: as foremen and overseers., btul the
natives are so unreliable. ; They ¦ are an
Improvident lot, much addicted -to gam
, biihg and going to cockfights. They al
' ways. 'want to knock off, on feast -.days,
and there : Is an endless number of these
In their. calendar! They'll work on Sun
day ,all right, but: not on feast . days.
Money is no inducem^.tto them. Within
about a year and a half after the Ameri
cans gained : control of the • islands some
thing, like $2,000,000 was • spent on publlo
roads 'and highways, and there was the
greatest difficulty "in 1 getting natives to
do the work, although -they were' paid 00
cents a day, while the best they had ever
known was 15, or. 20 cents a day In Span
ish times.
¦ '. "There has. been a demand for a llm
. lted number of mechanics In the' railroad
"One of the worst troubles they ha\*e is
In getting: enough to cat outside of Manila.
In Manila, it Is easy enough now to get
things to eat. If you can pay for them.
But anywhere outside of Manila and Hollo
about the only food to.be had Is rice,
sweet potatoes, chickens, fish and fruit3.
This may sound v/cll enough to one who i
has never tried to. live on that and noth
ing else. There Is neither beef nor mut
ton to be had in any of the inland towns
except that furnished at the army posts,
and an American finds It hard to set
along without meat.
'"."And tho monotony of the life inland
is almost 1 * Intolerable. - Mall comes only
ence In two wcelts.or perhaps once a
m«, nth. -which makes It six ¦weeks or two
months old from the States. There are no
nmusements and it Is. not much wonder
the men drink. They do It to pass away
the time'. As to the effect of llauor on
men In that climate, it Is difficult to say.
One would havo to know how 'much a
man was In tho habit of drinking hero
and the effect It had on him to know
¦whether the. effect is worse there, as is
often stated. ,
• - "A few of the soldiers drink the native
liquors— tuba, distilled from cocoanut
blossoms; vino, distilled from rice, and
the native rum, distilled from sugar can<v
But now there Is American beer almost,
everywhere throughout the Island and
American liquors; so few Americans drink
those native liquors, which are pure
poison. . ¦"'
' VWhere there were formerly two .or
three. thousand drinking places In Manila,
there are now but three < or four hundred,
though I doubt if there Is less liquor sold.
Formerly every frulr. stand and small
store sold things to drlnk. ; but, since a
-high license went Into effect the little fel
lows have been shut out.
"But after all, I don't think the public
/morals arc a whit worse than in any biff
city in tho States. ¦¦.-.-•
"The best opening I know, of in a small
, way, - and about; the only one, would be
for a line of men's furnishing goods. Yes,
and I think an American dry goods store
.would do well. Nearly all the retail stores
are kept by Spaniards and ] Filipinos and
they charge outrageous prices for their
goods. They, nave three seta <oX - prices;
Queep Stuffs Used f op
Medicine.
WHEN the dear general publlo
takes the curiously written doc
tor's prescription to the drug
store it's a very fortunate thins
that the aforesaid general pub
lic doesn't know the Ingredients of some
of the drugs prescribed."
So spoke an old-school doctor the other
evening. Two or thise allopaths and a
couple of homeopaths were in the room,
and for the benefit of come of the laymen
present the doctors tli&coursed on the
"odd things'* used In medicine.
Said the allopath: "We of the old school
use more vegetables in our prescriptions—
the new school runs some to animals. Tet
wp allopaths use animab, too. For In
stance, there's the musk. It's taken from
a deer's gland, and 13 used a3 a stimu
lant after all other means have failed.
Absolutely pure musk is hard to get, and
Is very expensive. It costs' 530 an ounce,
and the usual dose is sixty drops.
"Then, too.' we utilize pepsin — which
comes from a hog's stomach, and pan
creatln. which comes from the glands of
a sheep's neck. Ttien we use suprarenal
rapsules for Indigestion— and the sheep
give us these, too. But in the main we
depend on the vegetable world for our
medicines."
Then the homeopath started. He told
how. the common North American toad
was often used in medicine. The live ani
mal is fastenpil to. a slab of cork by four
strong pins stuck' thiough the webs of
the feet. Then the poles of an Induction
apparatus In action are slowly drawn over
the back, of the animal, whereupon the
poison soon Issues from the dorsal gland3.
This is removed with a small horn knife,
and mixed ' with the proportion of one
part toad to 1000 parts sugar of milk.
The South American toad does not have
tho poison removed by electricity. It Is
Irritated with a feathoi and then Its saliva
i3 scraped from its mo jth and used in the
preparation of certain medicines.
'The virus from a copperhead snake Ii
used with good results In threat affections,
and rattlesnake venom is used for a va
riety of Ills. The sruke Is chloroformed
and the poison gland tctween the ear and
tho eye b pressed. The venom drops on
pulverized Kaffir of m>!k and is then pre
pared by the chemists for the doctors.
The liver of foxes ss also a well-known
preparation, aa la also the common potato
bug. The potato bug's Latin name is
doryphoro decemlineatu. and written out
it seems like a very formidable drug? in
deed. "The live Insect la crushed and cov
ered with five parts of Its weight of al
cohol. Then this Is poured into a bottle,
put In a cool place for eight days and
shaken twice a day.
The common ant is also used in medi
cine, and so Is the much-hated bedbug. A
tincture from this latter Insect^ls used
with good effect to remove a clogged-up
condition of the ears by reason of the nat
ural wax which forma there. Dr. Wahla
of Germany was the first to find a medi
cinal use for the bedbug.
Anipals and Insect3 In plenty and **odd
things" help medicine out of many a tight
hole. A .list by no means complete In
cluded the black spider found In Curacao,
tho Spanish fly, the loe from the carp.
ordinary spider's web. crawfish." the cock
roach, the morning glory plant, the oil
beetle, the common skunk, sometimes po
litely known as tho polecat, and the
stinging wasp.
Nearly every plant that grows has Us
own peculiar value to medicine, but It has
been only in recent years that the animals
have added their mites to the help of the
doctor- and the chemist.— Philadelphia
Press. 4
THE PLUCKY
AMERICAN
GENERAL
'WHO.
CAPTURED
AGUINALDO
WHEN OTHERS
HAD FAILED.
one for the Spanish trade, one for the Fili
pinos and one for Americans, which 13
Just about double that of the Spanish.
They do not handle any goods of Amer
ican manufacture, though the new tariff
may change this somewhat. But I think
an American dry goods store would do
well.
"There Is now In Manila an American
shoe shop with all American workmen and
they have all they can do. I understand
an American has Jus* gone over with a
completes equipment for a steam laundry
and he will undoubtedly make a great
deal of money. There is no one there to
do the washing but the native women
and they ruin the clothes rubbing them
on the rocks at the river.
"But such openings as these are limited
in number. However, any on© who ha« a
few thousand dollars, say from $5000 up,
and who wants to go and stay, not trust
ing the business to some one else, may
make more money than he can here, but
he must make up his mind to live under
very poor conditions. He can't take his
family along unless he wants to run the
risk of losing them. I can't tell why It Is.
but foreign women and children do. not
seem to thrive there. It Is hot all the year
round. Never as hot as I have seen It In
Kansas nor as hot as It gets in tho San
Joaquln Valley here In summer, but al
ways hot and enervating. People seem to
suffer from Impoverished blood.
"After some capitalists have gone in and
opened up the country by building rail
roads there will be openings for other
people. But for the present I would not
advise any man to give up a sure thins In
this country to take chances in the Philip
pines."
shops In Manila and the shops of the In
terlsland steamship companies: also as
engineers and firemen on the river steam
ers. Good mechanics command better
wages there than here, but there are a
good many mechanics among the dis
charged soldiers, and when you take Into
consideration that| there are now in Ma
nila between eight and nine thousand
civilians who have been discharged from
the army, you will see that there are
about enough of them to take care of
most of the smaller business openings..
A good many of them hold civil positions
under the civil government and a good
many more of them are in the saloon
business. I'm sorry to say, not only in
Manila but In the provinces.
"It docs not seem to me there Is much,
if any opportunity, there for professional
men. There are some alleged : lawyers
there, and most of ' them are making
money, but their methods are, as a rule,
rather questionable* Most of them are
busy scaring up trouble 6ver land titles
and there is a good deal of pettifogging.
"As for physicians, most of the Ameri
cana there go to the army doctors. There
are ,two or three doctors now In private
practice who were army, surgeons and
there is little opportunity for others.
i'There has been a pretty fair oppor
tunity for stenographers, but the demand
has not exceeded the supply. They have
three very good newspapers in Manila,
which have Improved a good deal In tlw
past year, but they are necessarily con
fined to local news, as the high cable toll3
prevent many messages from the States.
"the school teachers that went over
have had a hard time of It and are very
much discouraged. Some of them went
out Into towns where there are no Amer
ican troops.
"The country Is full of these xrranks and
demagogues, who keep things stirred up
all the time. Of course if the Government
was overthrown they would come into
control. Besides, there's money in It for
them. They only care for money to gam
ble with, buy horses and make fools of
themselves generally, " like any cheap
swell. , Then when their money is gone
they disappear for a while until they
manage to get hold of more.
"There is going to be trouble when the
Americans go over there and ask for fran
chises and begin to buy up large tracts
of land for railroads and otjier improve
ments. The Filipinos would never build
a railroad till the crack of doom. They
couldn't even form a company. And when
Americans go there they are going to
find trouble because the Filipinos will
think thev are trying to get the upper
WHAT form of government Is
best suited to the Filipinos, and
what opportunities the Philip
pines offer to an American, are
two Question* on which Briga
dier General Frederick Funston has been
asked to express an opinion.
General Funston is a very modest man —
not for an instant the type of miiitary
man, all braid, brass buttons and lace.
who pulls down his coat and says with
his shoulders. "That's me," when asked
to answer to Jiis name.
Off duty he is just a plain, every -day
citizen who is glad enough to wear civil
ian's clothes and let his uniform hang in
theclcstt. He does not even own a full
dress uniform, nor will be have one un-,
less compelled to do so by assignment to*
duty here in the Stales.
And so, when seen at home in Oakland
or upon the streets of San Francisco, he
appears the well groomed business man.
with just the tiniest suggestion of the
stars and stripes fashioned in a badge for
his buttonhole.
Nevertheless, his point cf view in re
card to the government of the Philippines
is decidedly the military one, us here
given :
"I guess everybody is ready to admit
that it's a sorry business this having
possession of the Philippines, but we've
got to stay with it now. It's like having
a bear by the tail. You may not be able
to pull him down, but you can't let go.
"ii I had my way, I'd give them a
touch of the mailed fist. I believe they
srhou'.d be ru'.tu with an iron hand, wheth
er they like it or not.
"Of course. I am open to conviction on
this point. So far the Civil Commission
has been experimenting with different
forms of municipal and provincial gov
ernment. They are a fine lot of men and
they have accomplished wonders, but it
is & question whether civil government
has not been undertaken too soon.
"The Filipino doesn't love us. Hs
Oocsn't love us a bit. He doesn't know
what gratitude is. He has no sense of
appreciation, and I believe he'd like us
tetter if we dea.lt more severely with him.
The only thills' the Filipino recognizes is
for ce.
"True, public sentiment here is against
military rule. We believe everything and
everybody should have a vote, down to
cattle and horses. But there can be no
conception of self-government where less
than 1 per cent of the people can read
and write. Here the fact that a man can
read and write presupposes some sort of
general information. A man that can
read usually reads the newspaper, and if
he does nor do that he has no right to
vote. There perhaps a man can write his
name and read his prayer book, and he
is not as fit to vote as a well bred collie
dog;.
"Of course, the Filipino demands self
covernment. But because be wants it Is
no reason he should have it. If I had a.
five-year-old child that wanted to play
with a red-hot poker, I wouldn't give It
to him. If he cried for it, I'd take him
out in the back yard and spank him. And
that's What 1 believe ought to be done
with the Filipino. He ought to be spank
ed, and spanked hard.
"The success of the Civil Commission
thus far has been due to the class of
men composing the commission and the
class of men appointed by them. Politics
has had very little to do with these ap
pointments. Most of them have been made
on recommendation of army officers, the
places being given to men discharged
from the array. 1 recommended several
men and in no case, so far as I know.
was there any question as to whether he
¦was a Republican or Democrat. If one
of these men was caught at crooked work
he'd be lifted rijrht out of. his boots. Ju&t
es eoon as there is any carpet-bagging
over thera they might as well get out en
tirely.
"One o? the most important things. I
believe, Js the matter of education. Tho
children should be kept away from Span
ish schools. Let them go to church
schools if they wish, but make them learn
English, weeding- out the Spanish as fast
as possible. The Filipino children are very
bright and quick. They acquire English
readily, and the public schools are well
attended and doing a great deal of j?ood.
"WJth a general education and good
etrlct government the problem may work
ou* ell right. I believe, however, that not
less O*an forty thousand troops should b»
kept there for at least two or three years.
General "Wheaton, who I__f done more
fighting, perhaps, than any other officer
stationed there, thinks the army should
be kept up to fifty thousand.
"Self government should be granted the
Filipinos gradually, as they chow them
eelves capable of exerting It. It Is well
enough to let them choose their municipal
officers, though Jn my opinion If there
was a military form of * government It
would be better to give this generation
no power In the matter. Simply appoint
municipal and provisional officers from
among the natives and promise the fran
chise to the next generation. Thus they
would come by degrees Into self govern
ment. '"•;'•
"The men who should be dealt with
most severely are the agitators. Under a
military form of government these would
\t put down by force, whereas the-pivil
Commission seeks to quiet them by mild
hand of them. Land titles are In awful
shape. There Is a perfect tangle of claims.
Konie of them without any foundation
.whatever. Large tracts were' confiscated
under the Insurgent regime, but the people
have no title, to the land. .
"As to the business opportunities In'the
Philippines, in my opinion the best chance
cf making money Is, in building railroads,
electric lines, or in big sugar plantatons
and the erection of large sugar mills. A
good many men have been b%ing up
lands for tho purpose of raising sugar.
"But there Is nothing there for the man
with, say. a thousand dollars. If he has
55000 he might do well enough raising
l:emp, rice or cocoanuts. .There arcr thou-'
sands of tons of copfa, or, dried cocoa
ruts, shipped from the Philippines ami
the South Sea Islands every year. Most
of it goes to France, where the oil Is ex-
5
HOW THE PHILIPPINES SHOULD BE GOVERNEDConcluded Next Week.
"THE IX)0K OP JOYFTTL STTRPBISE WHICH CAME INTO HIS FACE CHANGED QUIC'JbLLY AS SHB COCKED THE PISTOIi AMD IiIFTED IT INTO THE AIR."
examine a trail, the smooth. Inward-toed
track of moccasins. The thicket- grew
more dense and difficult as he went on,
yet he seemed to glide through its density
and darkness— an obscurity that now
seemed to be stirred by other moving ob
jects, dimly seen, and as uncertain and
intangible as sunlit leaves thrilled by the
wind, yet bearing a strange resemblance
to human figures! The woods and under
brush were full of them: all moving on.
as he had moved, in a line parallel with
the vanishing coach. Sometimes through
the openings a bared painted limb, a
crest of feathers, or a strip of gaudy
blanket was visible, but nothing more.
And yet only a few hundred yards away, j
stretched the dusky, silent plain— vacant
of sound or motion!
Meanwhile the *Sage Wood and Pine
Barren stage coaci), profoundly oblivious,
—after the manner of all human Invention
-of everything but its regular function,"
toiled dustily out of the higher plain and
began the grateful descent of a wooded
canyon, which was, in fact, the culminal
ing point of the depression just described.,
along which the shadowy procession was
slowly advancing, hardly a mile in the
rear and flank of the vehicle. Miss Julia
Cantire, who had faced the dust volleys
of t|ie plain .unflinchingly,; as became > a
soldier's daughter, here stood upright and
shook herself— her pretty head and fig
ure emerging like a goddess from the en
veloping silver cloud. At least Mr. Boyle,
relegated to the back seat, thought so— ;
although her conversation and attentions
had been chiefly directed to the driver
apd mall agent Once, when he had light
heartedly addressed a remark to her, it
had been received with a distinct but un
promising politeness that had made him
desist from further attempts, yet without
abatement of his cheerfulness or resent^*
xnent of the evident amusement his; two
male companions got out of his v "snub"."
Indeed, it is to be feared that Miss Julia
had certain prejudices of position, . and
may have thought that a drummer, was
no more fitting company for the daughter
of a major than an ordinary peddler.
So Dick Boyle was obliged to' amuse:
himself alone on the back seat with those
liberal powers of observation which na
ture had given him. On entering the can
yon he.. had noticed the devious route the
coach had taken to reach It and had . al
ready invented an improved route ¦which
should enter the depression at the point
where the Indian had already (unknown
to him) plunged Into it, and had-con
ceived a road through the tangled brush
that would shorten the distance by some
miles. He had figured it. out and believed
that it "would pay." But by this; time
they were beginning the, somewhat steep
and difficult ascent of the canyon on the
other, side. The vehicle had | not
many yards before it i stopped. Dick
Boyle glanced around. Miss Cantire 'was
getting down; she had expressed a wish to
wallttthe rest of the ascent and the coach
was to - wait for her at the 'top. Foster
had effusively begged her .to take her own
time— "there was no . hurry!" : Boyle
glanced a little longingly after her grace
ful figure, released from her cramped po
sition on the box, as It flitted ; youthfully
In and out of the wayside trees; he would
like to have joined her in the woodland
ramble,' but even his good nature was not
proof against her indifference. At a turn
in the road they lost sight of her, and, as
the driver and mall agent were deep f. in
a discussion about the indistinct track
Boyle lapsed Into his silent study of the
country. Suddenly he, uttered a slight ex
clamation : and quietly ' slipped from ? the
back. of the toiling. coach to the ground
The action I was, - however, quickly noted
by the driver, who promptly put his foot
on the brake and pulled up. "Wot's up
now?" he growled.
Boyle did not reply, but ran back a few
steps and began searching eagerly on the
ground."
"Lost suthin'?'' asked. Foster. :
• "Found something," said Boyle picking
up a small object. "Look at that! X> — — d
if It.isn't the card I gave that Indian four
hours ago at the station!" He held up the
card.?
"Look yer, sonny," retorted --, Foster
gravely, "ef yer wantin' to get out and
, hang round Miss Cantire, why don't yer
say so at onct? That story won't^wash!"
"Fact!" continued Boyle, eagerly. "It's
the same card I stuck in his hat— there's
the greasy mark in the corner. How the
devil did it— how did he get here?? '..-¦
"Better ax him," . said Foster, grimly,
"ef he's anywhere round." : ' 1
"But, I say, Foster- 1 don't like the
look of this at all! Miss Cantire is
"alone, and—" - ¦•---. - ¦. ¦ - ...'-¦¦ ...
But a burst of laughter from Foster and
the ' mall agent Interrupted : him. "That's
so,"-; said Foster. "That's your best holt!.
Keep it up! You Jest tell her that! Say,
thar's another Injin • skeer on ; that that
' thar bloodthirsty; ole 'Fleas-in-His Blan
• kef ez on the .warpath, and you're goln'
to shed the last drop o' your blood . de
fendin' her! That'll fetch her, and she
ain't bin treatin' you- well! G'lang!"
The horses started forward -under Fosj
; ter's whip, .leaving Boyle standing there,
hajf inclined to join in the laugh. against
'. himself ,' and yet Impelled by some strange
instinct to | take * a more serious view; of
his discovery.: He resolved to remain on
the road and within convenient distance
of Miss Cantire, until she returned to the
coach; she could - not be far away. .With
this purpose he- walked -slowly on, halt
ing occasionally to look behind.
Meantime the coach continued its difflr
cult ascent, a difficulty made greater by
•a singular nervousness of the:; .horses,
that, only with - great *. trouble ., and some
objurgation from the -driver," could be
-prevented from- shying from 5 the .regular
, track. \ Presently ,they swerved so madly
! from some point ; of .the - thicket • beside
them that ' the coach completely left the
track on the right. Luckily it .was a dis
used 'trail -'and the ground ; fairly : good,
and Foster gave them their heads, satis
fied of his ability to regain the regular
road when necessary. JQ It took some mo
ments for him ' to recover complete . con
trol ; of the - frightened animals, - and then
their . nervousness having • abated with
t their distance: from the thicket and • the
trail being less steep though more ¦wind
ing "than the regular road, he' concluded
to keep ' it until he got to ¦ the summit,
when he would regain the* highway once
more and await "- his passengers. : Having
done this, "the two men : stood up on the
box, ; and.- with an • anxiety • they tried to
conceal from each other, looked down the
canyon for the lagging pedestrians.
"I hope Miss Cantire hasn't been stam
peded from the . track ;by any skeer like
that," said the mail agent, dubiously.- --'
."Not she!. She's got too much £Tit and
sabe for- that, unless that drummer hez
caught up with her and unloaded his yarn
about that kyard." - : : - 1 - s .
- They were the last words the men spoke,
for two rifle shots cracked from the
thicket be3ide the road ; two ' shots aimed
with such dellberateness" and precision
that the two men,; mortally stricken; col
lapsed where they stood, hanging for . a
brief t moment - over the dashboard before
they rolled'.-' over on - the ;• horses' backs.
Nor did' they remain there Jong, • for the
next moment they were seized by half-a
dozen shadowy figures, and, with the
horses and ".their -cut traces, dragged Into
the thicket. •;• A half-dozen and then a
dozen other shadows flitted and swarmed
over, in and through the coach, reinforced
by,: still more, i until the i whole vehicle
seemed to ; be possessed,' covered and hid
den ' by. ; them, swaying and moving with
their ' weight, : like helpless j. carrion > be
neath, a pack.of -ravenous wolves. -Yet
even while this seething congregation was
at Its "greatest, at some unknown signal
It as ; suddenly : dispersed, "l vanished and
disappeared, ; leaving the • coach empty— a
mere skeleton on the roadside. /'- . .-. ¦
: - An", hour ¦ later ; there ; was ¦ the sound of
hurrying/, hoofs - and ¦« jingling.-"accouter
¦ ments," and' out of the plain, swept a squad
of cavalrymen' bearing down upon the de
serted 'vehicle.'- For. a few. moments they,
¦too,- seemed to surround and possess even
as the other I shadows had done, penetrat
ing the woods and thicket beside it. And
then as ; suddenly* at some • signal they
swept ¦ forward furiously In • the track : of
the destroying ; shadows. .
'/ Miss Cantire took full advantage of the
suggestion "not :• to hurry" , in • her walk,
with certain feminine ideas of Its latitude.
She gathered a. few wild flowers and some
berries in the underwood, inspected some
birds' nests with a healthy youthful cu
riosity, and even took the opportunity of
arranging some moist tendrils of her silky
hair with something she took from the
small reticule that hung coquettishly
from her girdle. It was, Indeed, some
twenty minutes before she emerged into
the road again; the vehicle had evidently
disappeared in a turn of the long.' wind
ing ~ ascent, but just ahead of her was
the dreadful man, -the. "Chicago drum
mer." She .was not vain, but she made
no doubt he was waiting there for her.
There was no avoiding him, but his com
panionship could be made a brief -¦ one.
She began to walk with ostentatious
swiftness. - ".
Boyle, whose concern for her safety was
secretly relieved at this, began to walk
forward briskly, Moo, without looking
around. s Miss Cantire was not -prepared
for this; It looked so ridiculously as if
she were chasing him!- She hesitated
slightly, but now as she was r nearly
abreast of him she was obliged to keep
en.
"I think you do well to hurry, Mls3
Cantire," he said . as she passed. "I've
lost sight of the coach for some time, and
I dare say they're already waiting for us
at the summit." .'. •
Miss Cantire did not like this any bet
ter. To go on beside this dreadful man.
scrambling breathlessly after the; stage —
for all the world like -an absorbed and
sentimentally belated pair of picnickers
was' really too much. v< "Perhaps if you
ran on and told them I was coming as
fasti as I could," she suggested tenta
tively. •¦ ¦'- ' ,* - - •
"It would be as much as my life 13
worth to appear before Foster without
you," he said laughingly.. "You've only
got to hurry on a little faster."
But the young lady resented\this being
.driven by a "drummer." She- began to
lag. oppressing her pretty brows omi
nously. ;• . # ' v ..
"Let: me carry .: your flowers,", said
Boyle. - He had ¦. noticed that ' she wa3
finding some , difficulty in holding up her
skirt and the nosegay at the same time.
VNoJNo!" she said in : hurried horror
at this new suggestion of their com-
panlonshlp. Thank you very much—
but they're really not worth keepmgr— I
am going to throw them away. There!"
she added, tossing them Impatiently, la
the dust.
But she had not reckoned on Boyle »
perfect good humor. That gentle- idiot
stooped down, actually gathered them
up again and was following: She Lur
ried on; if she could only get to the
coach first, ignoring him! But a vulgar
man like that would be sure to band
them to her with some Joke? Then sh»
lagged , again— she was getting tired,
and she could see no sign of the coach.
The drummer, too, was also lagging
behind— at a respectable distance, like a
groom or one of her father's troopers.
Nevertheless, this did not put her in a
much better humor, and, halting until
he came abreast of her, said impatient
ly: "I -don't see why Mr. Foster should
think It necessary to send any one to
look after me."
"He didn't," returned Boyle simply.
•'I got down to pick up something. ¦
"To pick up something?'" She returned
incredulously. <•*--¦
"Yes.. That." He held out the card.
It's the card of. our firm."
Miss Cantire smiled ironically. "You
are certainly devoted to your business. '
"Well, yes," returned Boyle, good
humoredly. "You see, I reckon it don t
pay to do anything halfway. And what
ever I do I mean to keep my eyes about
me." In spite of her prejudice M133 Can
tire could seo that these necessary or
gans, if rather flippant, were honest.
"Yes, I suppose .there isn't much, on
that I don't take in. "Why now, Mlsa
Cantire, there's that fancy dust cloak
you're wearing— it isn't in our line of
goods— nor in anybody's line west of
Chicago : it came from Boston or New
York, and was mads for home consump
tion! But your hat— and mighty pretty
it is, too, as you've fixed It up— la only
regular Dunstable stock, which we could
put down at Pine Barren for four and
a half cents apiece net. Yet I suppose
you paid nearly 25 cents for it at the
• agency."
Oddly enough, this cool appraisement of
her costume did not incense the young
lady as it ought to have done. , On the
contrary, for some occult feminine reason, .
It amused and interested her.
"Are you in the habit of giving this in
formation to ladies you meet in travel-
Ing?" she asked.
"Well, no!" answered Boyle, "for that's
Just where you have to keep your eyes
open. Most of 'em wouldn't like it. and
It's no use aggravating a possible cus
tomer. But you are not that kind."
Miss Cantire was silent. She knew she
was not of that kind, but she did not re
quire his indorsement. She pushed on
for some moments alone, when suddenly
he . nailed her. She turned impatiently.
He was carefully examining the road on
both sides. ' ¦ .
3 "We have either lost our way," he said,
rejoining her, "or the coach has turned
off somewhere. These tracks are not
fresh, and as they are all going the same
way they were made by the up coach last
night They're not our tracks; I thought
it strange we hadn't sighted the coach
by this time." Sff*S -*„•¦ ,
"And then—'* said Miss Cantire lmpa
" We "must turn back until we find them
The young lady frowned. "Why not
keep on until we get to the top?" she
gaid pettishly. "I'm sure I shall — one
stopped suddenly as she caught sight of
his face and keen, observant eyea.
"Why can't we go on as we are?"
"Because we are expected to come
back to the coach— and not to the sum
mit merely. These are the 'orders, ana
you know you are a soldier's daughter!
He laughed as he spolce, but there was a.
certain quiet deliberation in his manner
that impressed her. When he added,
after a pause. "We must go back and find
where the tracks turned off," she obeyed,
without a word. •* • - '
They walked for some time eagerly
searching for signs of the missing ve
hicle. A curious Interest and/ a new re
liance in Boyle's Judgment obliterated her
previous annoyance and made her more
natural. She ran ahead of him with,
youthful eagerness, examining the ground,
following a false clew with, great anima
tion and confessing her defeat with a
charming laugh. And It was eho who.
after retracing their steps for ten min
utes, found the diverging track with a
girlish cry of triumph. Boyle, who had
followed her movement) quite as Inter
estedly as her discovery, looked a Uttlo
grave as he noticed the deep indentations
made by the struggling: horses. Miss Can
tire detected the change in his face; ten
minutes before she would never have ob
served It."' "I suppose we had better fol
low the new track?" she said Inquiringly,
as he seemed to hesitate.
"Certainly," he said quickly, as if com
ing' to a prompt decision. "That la
safest."
""What do you t'ht" 1 * has happened?
The ground looks very much cut up,"
she said In a confidential tone, as new
to her as her previous observation of
him.
"A horse has probably stumbled and
they've taken, the old trail as less dlffl
cult," said Boyle promptly. In bis heart
he did not believe it, yet he knew that
if anything serious had threatened them
the coach would have waited In the road.
"It's an easier trail for us, though I sup
pose it's a little longer," he added pres
ently.
"You take everything so £ood-humored
ly Mr. Boyle," she said after a pause*
"It's the way to do business. Miss Can
tire." he said. "A man In my line has to
cultivate it."
She wished he hadn't said that, but
nevertheless she- returned a little archly:
"But you haven't any business with the
stage company nor with me, although I
admit I intend to get my Dunstable here
after from your firm at the wholesale
prices."
Before he could reply the detonation of
two gunshots, softened by distance,
floated down from the ridge above them.
"There!" said Miss Cantire, eagerly.
"Do you hear that?" • --" J -¦
His face was turned toward the distant
ridge but really that she might not ques
tion his teyes. She continued with anima
tion. "That's frona the coach— to guide us
"Yes " he returned with a quick laugh,
"and it says hurry up mighty quick— we'ra
tired waitins-so we'd better push on."
"Why don't you answer back with your,
revolver?" she asked
> "Haven't got one, he said.
"Haven't got one? she repeated in gen
vlne surprise. I thought you gentlemen
who are traveling always carried one.
Perhaps it's inconsistent with your gospel
° f "f hat's "ust 'it. Miss Cantire." he said
with a laugh: "you've nit It."
"Why " she said, hesitatingly, "even I
have a pistol— a very little one, you know,
which I carry in my reticule. Captain
Richards gave it to me.
She opened her reticule and showed a
pretty -ivory-handled pistol. The look of
joyful surprise which came Into- his face
changed quickly as she cocked it and
lifted it into the air. He seized her arm
quickly. - ",* . ,_
"No, please, don't: you might wan* It— t
mean the report won't carry, far enough.
"It's a very useful little thing, for all that,
but it's only effective at close quarters."
He kept the pistol in his hand as they
walked on. But Miss Cantire noticed this,
also his evident satisfaction when she had
at first produced It, and his concern when
she was about to discharge it" uselessly.
She was a clever girl, and a frank* to
those, she was Inclined to trust. And she
began to trust this stranger.
(Copyright. 1901, by Bret Hart*.)
PART I. .
THE Sage Wood and Dead Flat stage
coach was waiting before the sta
tion. The Pine Barrens mail wagon
that connected with it was long
overdue with Its transfer passen
gers, and the station had relapsed Into
listless expectation. Even the humors -of
Dick Boyle, the Chicago drummer— and
the, so far, solitary passenger— which had
diverted the waiting loungers, began to
fail in effect, though the cheerfulness of
the humorist was unabated. A solitary
Indian, wrapped in a commissary blanket
and covered by a cast-off tall hat,
crouched againset the wal? of the station,
looking stolidly at nothing. On one side
stretched miles of arid waste to the stunt
ed, far-spaced pines in the • distance,
known as the "Barrens"; on the other an
apparently limitless level with darker
patches* of sagebrush, like the scars of
burnt-out fires.
Dick Boyle approached the motionless
Indian as a possible relief. "You don't
eeem to care much if school keeps or not,
do you, Lo?"
The Indian, who had been half-crouch
ing on his upturned soles, here straight
ened himself with a lithe, animal-like
movement and stood up. Boyle took hold
of a comer of his blanket and examined
it critically.
"Gov'ment ain't pampering you with Al
goods. Lo. I recken the agent charged
'em $4 for that. Our firm could have de
livered them to you for $2 37 and thrown
in a box of beads in the bargain. Suthin'
like this!" He took from his pocket a
small box containing a gaudy bead neck
lace and held it up before the Indian.
The savage, who had regarded him — or
rather looked beyond him— with the toler
ating indifference of one interrupted by a
frisking: inferior animal, here suddenly
changed his expression. A look of child
ish eagerness came into his gloomy face;
he reached out his hand for the trinket.
"Hold on!" said Boyle, hesitating for a
moment; then he suddenly ejaculated,
"Well, take it, and one o' these," and
drew a business card from his pocket,
which he stuck in the band of the bat
tered tall hat of the aborigine. "There!
show that lo your friends, and when
you're wanting anything in our line "
The interrupting roar of laughter •which
came from the box seat of the coach was
probably what Boyle was expecting, for
he turned away demurely and walked
tov.-ard the coach. "All right, boys! I've
squared the noble red man. and the star
of empire is taking its westward way.
And 1 reckon our firm will do the 'Great
Father' business for him at about half
the price that It is done in "Washington."
But at this point the 'ostlers came hur
rying out of the stables. "She's comin',"
said one. "That's her dust Just behind
the lone pine— and by the way she's racin'
I reckon she's comin' in mighty light."
As the galloping horses of the Incoming
vehicle pulled out of the hanging dust in
the distance the solitary driver could be
seen urging on his team. In a few mo
ments more they had halted at the lower
end of the station. "Wonder what's up?"
said the mail agent.
"Nothin'! Only a big In Jin 6care at
Pine Barrens," said one of the 'ostlers.
"Injir.s doin' ghost dancin" — or suthin' like
that— and the passengers just skunked out
and went on by the other line. Thar*s
only one ez dar come— and she's a lady."
"A lady?" echoed Boyle.
"Yes," answered the driver, taking a
deliberate survey of a tall, graceful girl
who. waiving the gallant assistance of the
station keeper, had leaped unaided from
the vehicle. "A lady— and the fort com
mandant's darter at that! She's ciar grit,
you bet — a chip o' the old "block. And all
this means. Sonny, that you're to give
up that box seat to her. Miss Julia Can
tire don't take anythin* less when I'm
around."
The young lady was already walking
directly and composedly toward the wait
ing coach — erect, self-contained, . well
gloved and booted, and clothed, even in
her dust cloak and cape of plain ashen
merino,, with the unmistakable panoply of
tajste and superiority. A. good-sized aqui- ¦
line nose, which made her handsome
mouth look smaller: gray eyes, with an
occasional humid yellow sparkle in their
depths; brown penciled eyebrows and
brown tendrils of hair, all seemed to
Boyle to be charmingly framed In by the
silver gray veil twisted around her neck
and under her oval chin. In her sober
tints she appeared to him to have evoked
a harmony even out of the dreadful dust
around them. "What he appeared to her
was not so plain; 6he looked him over
he was rather short: through him— he was
easily penetrable: and then her eyeB rested
with a frank recognition on the driver.
"Good morning, Mr. Foster," she said
with a smile.
"Mornin', miss. I hear they're havln*
an Injun scare over at the Barrens. I
reckon them men must feel mighty mean
at bein* stumped by a lady!"
"I don't think they believed I would
go. and some of them had their wives
with them," returned the young lady in
differently; "besides, they are Kastern
people, who don't know Indians as wall
as we do, Mr. Foster."
The driver blushed with pleasure at the
association. "Yes, ma'am,", he laughed,
"I reckon the sight of even old "Fleas in
the Blanket/ over there," pointing to the
Indian who was walking stolidly away
from the station, "would frighten "em out
o* their boots. And yet he's got Inside hi3
hat the business card o' this gentleman —
Mr. Dick Boyle, traveling for the bl?
firm o f Fletcher & Co. of Chicago"— he in
terpolated, rising suddenly to the formal
heights of polite introduction, "so it
sorter looks ez ef any skelpln' was to be
done it might be the other way round,
ha! hat* ¦'-;*-
Miss Cantire accepted the introduction
and the joke with polite but pool ab
straction and climbed lightly into the box
seat. The coach plunged forward Into tho
dust, which Instantly rose around it, and
made it thereafter a mere cloud in the
distance. Some of that dust for a mo
ment overtook and hid tfie Indian, walk
ing stolidly In its track, but he emerged
from it at an angle, with a quickened
pace and a peculiar halting trot. ..Yet that
trot was so well sustained that in an
hour be had reached a fringe s of rocks
and low bushes hitherto Invisible through
the irregularities of the apparently level
plain, into which he plunged and disap
peared.
The fringe which received him was
really the rim of a depression quite con
cealed from the surface of the plain,
which It followed for some miles through
a tangled - trough-like bottom of low
trees and underbrush. The Indian, trot
ting still doggedly on, paused only to
THE SUNDAY CALL.
6
DICK BOYLE'S BUSINESS CARDTHE SUNDAY CALL.
7
FREDERICK WARDE, accurate of
dress as ever, rolling of voice as
ever, energetic of manner as ever,
greeted me vigorously at 10 In the
morning. , :
.Then he muffled a' yawn.
It was exquisitely done beneath the
energetic manner and the vigorous . greet
ing:. It settled, the fact that Warde is "an.
actor. I xrould never have discovered the
yawn except for the keen -eye of guilt;
for I was trying to muffle my own. i. *
"This is rather early for me," he rex
plained. "I got up to meet you."
"And I to meet" you. It is a time -when
all good actors and newspaper people
should be sleeping a well earned sleep.
Can you talk about Shakespeare at this
unearthly hour?"
It was then that his eye flashed and
his breast heaved. "I ' can 'talk about
Shakespeare in any of the twenty-four
hours," he said, all vestige of the yawn
disappearing. "If I had known that was
what you wanted I could have made It C
O'clock."
He lighted an after-breakfast cigar and
settled down with a goddly show of com
fort. ' He is stout enough to appear as
thoroughly comfortable as a thfn man
never does, although Warde's embonpoint
has not reached the Joshable point. He
could play the melancholy Dane without
cartooning him. Perhaps he Jumps rope
a- la Lillian Russell,' or perhaps he
punches the bag, or perhaps he culti
vates enough worries to save his figure,
"What is this about the new Shakes
peare — the Shakespeare of to-day?" I
asked him. /
"Ah— the redlvlvus. It Is Just this.
DOINGS DRAMATIC
Shakespeare Is everlasting, and when the :
fads that arise v from day. to day are worn ;
out, then we return to the master." ... , .. ,.;
'."And we understand out here .that this '.
Is just what the up-to-date Eastern actors ':
are doing." • .- . . . : . • ¦ • "*"- :
"Exactly. The best of the ""modern^
school realize that, Shakespeare ' Is '.';- the i ' <
playwright who will .live. H,ence "we Jlnd '
a revival, a new-, enttjxislasmf for 1 the. ever- J .
"Recent Shakespearean^productions,":'
have been many andfsuccessfuUrModjeska '
and James are' touring with several of the :
plays. Haworth was In your own town '
not long since with 'Shakespeare in hl3-; :
repertoire. I am still at it— we are of .- ;
those who have played Shakespeare . for
years. But notice what the younger act
ors are doing. •.. ' :
"There is Gillette, hero of modern melo
drama, builder of modern plays, who has !
Hamlet on his mind and never will get ;
rid of him until he has tried the role. :
"Charles Hanford Is touring the "West ,
in 'The Taming of the Shrew.' It is' not •
the customary thing for a man to star :
in the play, but. Mr. Hanford seems to "•'
consider Petruchio quite as Important a :
personage as Katherine. . . ¦¦/, . ¦ » •
"Wagonhals and Kemper are going to '.
produce 'The Comedy of Errors.'. .. It is !
not yet announced who the Dromios are ]
to be, but the plans are settled.
"Then there is our friend Nat," Warde :
went on, Binking further into the dapper 1
speckled waistcoat that was met by the '
dapper speckled tie. "Nat Goodwin has ¦
always wanted to reach the top and he j
has come a long way to do so. He started
as a low comedian. He has an eminent
place now as a high comediaan and char
acter actor, but tft^t was not enough for
him." He tried Shylock. Miss Elliott, too.
had her ; aspirations and she way his
Portia: ...
"Maude. Adams reached a sure place
of popularity, and then took chanceswith
Juliet. She ia to play 'As You Like It,'
.too, it Is , said. "-7 ¦ . '•.•." ¦-.,._
"There Vaa little We "all call
him that because we loveThlm. Little has
nothing to do' with his art. He gave us
a .Hamlet' that* will', be remembered. ;
. V When one goes . to a Shakespeare per
formance nowadays he is bound to learn
something worth learning, no matter how
badly acted- the \great parts may be.
There Is the correct historical environ
ment that teaches something of old cus
toms. And If the lines .are even Intelli
gently rendered they must awaken an
interest in the dramatist. • The desire to
read and study him is . aroused, and
when *.his Is done the actor has given
something invaluable, even though lie
has created no wonderful new Hamlet or
Brutus or Macbeth.
"So the Shakespeare revival must be of
great and lasting value, no matter if It
fails to make the fame of any individual.
It shows at least the people's ideals aro
still high, In spite of the fact that it de
parts from them many a time. Thera
had been a hot demand of late for the
dramatized novel, the so-called historical
novel which is not historical; but, thank
heaven, It won't last. When the orange Is
squeezed dry • the skin Is thrown away.
The Shakespearean revival is a good
healthy antidote. It does one good to
know that Shakespeare is once more good
form." KATHRYN MARCH.THE SUNDAY CALL.
8would be frozen by the latest formula of
real club woman stare, and the band
that.held the heart would be stricken with
partial , if not -total paralysis. • ' *> >•
'.A. man may. tolerate a woman's ;'club In
a wile, "because were ' he 'to t oppose , her
he would find a stony resolve barricading
her capable of resisting any attempt of
siege. . In a wife be must tolerate it,* but
in a sweetheart— I doubt It.
The men who endure a wife's clubs or
who sanction them do so after .having
found ' that ' opposition only . strengthens
stubborn ' resistance. -A. man -who , en-,
courages such affiliations , is -a; raraavis
and generally entertains some self-inter
ested motive independent of the club Itself
for such indulgence, i ,-\V
The spirit of independence that follows
the wake of women's clubs Is diametric
ally,' opposed" to .' the -sentimental ; idea" of
dependence' 1 that? a'., man Mikes" to ' feel fex
ists between "_ himself and /the' woman j he
loves. ;' Club women" soon ' lose ' this' gra
cious'charm.
- It may bea broad assertion," but obser
vation has led m« j to believe that women
deteriorate through too constant associa
tion with other women. '.. A man's com
panionship Induces ' her } to : appear; always
at her best personally, : and. if the man is
cultured | she \ Is .also,, benefited -¦ mentally.
His * strength or superiority' in mental at
tainments acts as a stimulant. The most
brilliant women,ln the "world of art 'or
literature have achieved fame through as-
soclatlon.with men of even greater'bril
liancy; while, although a man may be as
sisted ; by. a", woman, it ¦¦ is inegatlyely .'arid
morally. The more dependent. a. woman is
upon the protection of a man's love, the
more* lovable ; she ' is . In Jlflsjeyes.' V Inde
pendence/ whether financial or In thought
or action, very often detracts immensely
from a woman's charm. She cannot stand
Bears are also heavy sleepers, but less
disposed than lions and tigers to slumber
In the daytime. Grizzly bears usually curl
up under the rocks, but sometimes they
crawl up to the very top of the rocls*',
and with front paws spread around the
iron care bars go to sleep in what seems
an uncomfortable position: but bears
never release their muscular grasp of
any object when asleep.
The black bears will curl up among tho
branches of a tree when they have th-a
opportunity and go to sleep in this pecu
liar position. The polar bears show a
peculiarity in the selection of their sleep
ing places. They choose one particular
corner of the cage for the purpose, and
invariably seek this out for the night's
rest. . » •¦¦ >" ~ ¦)
The high-strung, nervous animals are
the most interesting to watch at night.
They usually belong to the hunted tribea.
•whose lives are in constant danger in trie
forest, and they possess such a highly
developed nervous system, that they
really sleep with one eye open. The
slightest noise will instantly awaken
them. „ , x
The prairie wolves merely seem to close
their eyes for an instant and then open
them again to see if all Is quiet Many
vain attempts have been made to photo
graph these animals by flashlight, and
-without exception the camera has re
vealed the fact that one eye at least was
partly open.
( The day sleepers injthe menageries are
I for. some -reason. *theA heaviest i slumberers
' of 'all.i and'- w.nen" they their eyes in
early 1 morning^ they seem almost: as stupid
e as if drugged/-" This 'is* la"- marked contrast
' to : the 'light ¦ nigtit ' sleepers,-, who, on the
approach of danger, are instantly awake
and on the alert.— Penny Pictorial Maga
zine.
same indifference to danger that
tney manifest in the Jungle, and by day
or night will slumber through an unusual
tumult, unmindful or unconscious- of the
noise. Their sleep is commonly heavy
and peaceful.
How Wild Animals Sleep,
THERE is nothing odd or peculiar
about the sleep of the lions and
tigers. In captivity they show the
"My specimen liked sweet wine. He
grasped a cup in both hands and drank
like a child. He peeled bananas and or
anges Just as we are accustomed to do,
holding the fruit in his left hand.; Most
of the Malays do not regard the: gibbon
frna orang-outang as brutes. They believe
Ah« former are bewitched - men, and the
latter are criminals who have been
changed to monkeys as a punishment," —
St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
"Its physiognomy reminded me of the
manager of an Insolvent bank pondering
'i^th wrinkled brow over the results of a
crash. Distrust of the Oa toward all
white Europeans Is very noticeable. On
the other hand, he was on terms of inti
mate friendship with the Malays In our
household, especially with the small chil
dren. He never crawled on all fours when
tired of rur.ning, but stretched on the
grass beneath the tropical sun, with one
arm under his head. When I held tasfy
food Just out of his reach he cried like
a naughty child, *huite, hulte.' a sound
altogether different from ' *oa-oa,' with
which he expressed various emotions. He
had a third and more shrill sound when
he was suddenly frightened. *The speech
of these human monkeys embraces many
different sounds, but they are modulated
and altered In tone and strength with a
number of repetitions. They also use
many gestures, motions witl} their hands
and grimaces which are so expressive in
manner that a careful observer can de
tect their different wishes and various
emotions.
key of Java. A most interesting
specimen of the young gibbon was watch
ed by Professor Kaeckel at his own house
In Java. The species Is found only in
Java, and is called Hylobates lauscicus.
The natives call It "Oa," on account of
the characteristic sound it utters. When
standing it is scarcely taller than a child
of 6. The head Is comparatively small,
and it has a small, slender waist. The
legs are short and the arms much long
er. The face is more human than that
of the orang-outang. Professor Haeckel
eays:
Human Monkeys of Java.
•ip^PROFESSOIt HAECKEL'S latest
L^ publication contains some curious
Ji Information about the human mon-
ARE WOMEN'S CLUBS A BAR TO MATRIMONY
VERT decidedly, yen -
In fact, any pursuit, occupation
or business affiliation' that con
sumes a woman's time or engrosses
her" attention bars from her heart
and mind the inclination for sentiments
that «re the landmarks leadlne to the
hares of matrimony. *vi,v
A woman, whether old or young, who
becomes Inoculated with the club fad. be
comes correspondingly inoculated- in an
aggravated form with a sense of her own
importance and fancies that r her mission
In life Is to gather into the fold \ converts
to the club teachings, and her enthusiasm
leaves her neither time nor Inclination for
<the sentimental tendencies of -her ; sex.
The aim ar.d object of her dub- she con- -
siders her first and all-engrossing duty..
Unmarried women are often .well'
charred dynamos of both energy and.self
esteem. They cherish the Idea- of a-mis
sion In life and the awakening to the fact
that the charm of girlhood is' quickly and
¦urely passing often tinctures the' coming
years with a strong flavor of acidity.. .It
Is when
! i .
Tb» eominr of the crow's feet - :
R&r* the death knell of the beaux' feet -----
that she finds an escape valve in" the club
fads whereon to expend the surcharge of
energy. With the consciousness that- she-
Is growing less attractive to the opposite
Bex. she takes up the cudgels in defense
of her own. and if she has the magnetic
forces within her to become a leading t
cpirit among them she finds a solace in
the deference paid her and soon becomes '
not only spoiled by that deference, but
also arrogant and self-assertive. She is
always surrounded by a mob of women,
who follow subserviently in _ her train.
The closer her affiliation with; her club
the further recedes her charm for the op
posite sex. If she . possesses the means.
tv live well, her home becomes- the ren-1
Gezvous for women impregnated with mu
tually congenial theories, -which" soon
verges more or less Into a sort of freak
Incubator Institution wherein Is hatched
the often worse than freakish ideas that
at times startle a community. These ab
normal spinsters cherish an abiding hor
ror of masculinity, for the reason that the
closer a woman's affiliations -with other
women Is drawn the more studiously will
men avoid her.
Women's clubs are the continuous per
formance death knell of sentiment. . "When
a woman Is deeply interested in anything
or anybody, whether it be a man, a baby,
tk dog or a horse or a club, that one par
ticular object she makes the constant,
unflagging. Irrepressible topic of all her
conversation. If she Is in love, she can
only think of that one man and all her
speech Is the echo of the "think." If
it is a baby, that Is the one and only baby
that ever happened, although those who
listen know that there have been others.
If it's a club she wants to hammer every
body with it, and soon the Idea of atten
tions from the opposite sex becomes a
' forlorn or rather a dlm-in-the-distancft
hope. There are few men possessed of
sufficient courage to face a real live, ag
gressive club woman with his love in his
eyes and his heart in his hand. The love
• sagacious ;ttdyjce^ A. man may bravely
faee automobile or a
•.. dentist's i>chaft;7but;,?w£en it comes to
facingT'the- real club woman.
j his^. courage ;is ', palsied; and he may be
excused, if this- re treat is- more precipitate
! than* dignified. •';{-:« ' .
-Men do not "admire the woman whom
the world • calls "clever," on the same
principle they fall to appreciate the ec
centricities that foster women's clubs.
The very array of titles designating these
cliques la formidable, and the women
wedded to them soon lose the gentleness
and true Vomanly grace that appeals to
a man's sense of chivalry. He wants the
woman whom he loves to look up to him.
He wants her bright, entertaining and
companionable, and certainly the woman
whose brain is distorted and whose time
is engrossed by club fads Is not the kind
of woman whom a man will seek to woo
with the old, old story.
A woman who talks always of hygiene,
physical culture, sanitary conditions,
woman's rights. "W. C. T. U.. rescue mis
sions, municipal abuses and many kindred
subjects that perturb the uneagy souls of
these restless femlnines are praiseworthy
no doubt in their way, but that way is
far. far from the ken of a man's quest
when he Is In search of the true", lovable
and womanly woman he wishes to make
of his soul— a part.
their admirers pp. longer need Mr. "Wellers'
It and Is in a chronic state of antagonism
against even her own good Impulses. This '
independence becomes to her infinitely
dearer than any love a man might prof
fer her.
How often do we hear a woman arguing
against the very dictates of her own
heart? In speaking of a love affair they
will say emphatically, "Yea. I would
marry him. but I hate to relinquish my
own independence." and this applies alike.
to the woman of the clubs and to the
business woman.
In no city of the country is this spirit
of lndependenea-lovinar more ' strikingly
emphasized than in> "Washington. In the
Government office* are many lovely, cul
i tured women, who have been wooed by
the best men of the country, yet the life
of Independence is more fascinating than
a handsome bank account with a mascu
line lock and key attachment. The office
hours are not trying, considered from a
wage-earner's standpoint: the work is
congenial, and above all the pay is good,
, with no fears of delays in the settlement:
i consequently the women grow gray in the
service. They philosophize that "they '
know what they have, but do not know
what they will be getting through a mat
rimonial venture." And having taken the
n. lessons to heart of the experience of many
of their co-workers, of whom there are
: , numerous potent examples where pretty
girls left the office for love and after
v having found marriage a failure they
.have drifted back, no longer light-hearted
* girls, but women with other little lives
- to : share the salary. The majority labor
% on and' many of them die in harness.
• Club'irfe Is even a greater bar to matri
mony business life for a woman.
'The spirit of independence of thought and
action "in.' 1 the! club woman, the lndepen
dencefflnandaHy v of the business woman,
;all it«nd, to .l-'antagonlse sentiment. Men
.'-will never"' seek' the professional club
..woman 'with,- the Intention of paying her
the high>st;Compllment that a man can
: pa'y a woman— the offer of his heart
arid name." And the woman who assumes
club affiliations after marriage, in pro
portion as her interest in the one increases
will it diminish in the other, t The two
. will not reconcile any more than a man
can maintain two establishments on the
same footing. "Women's clubs have deso
lated many homes, and no argument In
their favor will ever redeem them In the
eyes of right-minded men.
The retired belles who find solace in the
women's clubs are not likely to be an
noyed by persistent lovers. The married
women who are wedded to club life are
often devoutly thanked by their husbands,
•who thus find leisure to indulge In more
congenial companionship. And the widows
who can give their less knowing sisters
the value of experience must admit thatno one can guess what commissions brok
ers receive.. Diamond cutters seldom deal
directly with the Jewelers. Askilled brok
er acts as a go-between. He goes about
town with perhaps $100,000. worth of dia
monds In his pocket. /On credit sales his
commission is 1 per -cent, .but on cash
sales it may be almost anything.
In looking about a diamond . cutting es^
tabllshment one would hardly suspect the
precious character of the material in use.
The floors are bare, th© windows are open
and any one may enter by the door un
challenged. - ¦ . ¦ . .
When a diamond cutter receives an in
voice of storie3 he carefully studies each
one and takes note * of its color, size,
weight and shape. . The whiter onea look
sweet oil. Th© moment a scratch ap
pears on the -wheel the diamond must b«
removed to spme other pan of the sur
face. , :
The finished stone comes from the wheel
covered with oil. but a ten minutes' bath
in sulphuric acid leaves the surface clear
and brilliant.
T . h ? r f t3 absolutely no waste. Boort.
which is the name given to diamond chip
pings that cannot be polished, is placed in
a steel mortar, exactly like an old-fash-
Joned churn, and brayed into powder for
the polisher. Not a single karat ia lost.
t0T J h< L m °rtar ia dust-proof and tha
pestle fits so close that the particles can-
E ninjs? p f r ° m th ° tottom -~" New York
<5end on their investment after paying
taxes and Insurance. All are members of
Ihe Friday Morning Club.
The Ebell Club house, though much
smaller and less pretentious, has the dis
tinction of being the first woman's club
house in Southern California, if not on
the Pacific Coast It was built especially
for the Ebell Club in 1S97 by Mrs. Clara
I.I. Baker, now Mrs. Robert J. Burdette,
vho was at that time president of the
club. The building is in the form of a
Greek temple, with an audience-room
erected in 1S98 for the Pasadena Shakes
peare Club by Miss A. H. Stickney. In
memory of her sister. \ It was fashioned
after Shakespeare's home and Anne Hath
away's cottage. The building stands on
a triangular plot of ground which Is
hedged with box and laid out in a flower
garden that completes" the picture' of "an
Elizabethan . country place. . Over N the
doorway ; are ( drooping rose vines, while
the walls are half bidden with ivy.
The Interior is in harmony with the ex
terior. The ceilings are low, the case-
ments small and the walls are paneled
and wainscoted. At one end. of the room
is a great fireplace of rough blue brick,
with an inglenook. The chimney piece
runs to the ceiling and is ornamented with
quotations from Shakespeare In old Eng
lish text. Under the windows are high
backed settees and around the room are
book shelves and desks .let Into the walls
and inclosed with glass doors having lead
ed panes. "A colonial clock and split-bot
tomed hickory chairs are among the fur
nishings.
*n on« part of/ the building is . an art
room,', in which are shown many beautiful
pictures. / ._, .;.;...„¦; • *' : '¦:¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ : '-'
Such club homes as these make possible
all sorts of ) charming: hospitality." ,The
distinguished guest 'from' abroad may be
met socially,' 'may be \ dined arid 'enter
tained" without the necessity for '.those
changes in household arrangements which
follow social j attentions where the estab
lishment is small and good servants rare;
Impromptu luncheons, afternoon teas, in
formal receptions, as well as' more elab-
orate functions. a»« all; easily arranged
with littl© trouble j and but moderate ex
pense. To the suburban woman, the club
house is a boon, : a resting spot from "shop
ping expeditions, a central place from
which to make engagements and a charm
ing , rendezvous for meeting, club, friends
who are. particularly congenial. " -. -
Los Angeles club women have a right to
feel proud of their club homes and it will
be interesting to note to what extent their
example will be ; followed • by .. those other
club women who are eoon to enjoy their
hospitality— how .many;. of them • will g»
and do likewise, ' .
PECULIAR ART OF CUTTING
AND POLISHING DIAMONDS
»^ Y EW YORK now leads th© world
/\ I In the art of cutting and pollsh
( \ ing diamonds. In the twenty dia-
V V mond cutting concerns in this city
\« 20,000 karats of rough diamonds
are polished each year, rather more than
the annual output of the Brazilian mines.
About 200 skilled workmen are employed
in the trade, and the bosses say that the
diamond cutters of New York now excel
those pf London or Amsterdam. The
business has practically grown up within
the last twenty years, and nearly all the
apprentices are now native born. A clever
lad beginning the trade at 15 may become
a skilled workman in five or six years.
The best diamond cutters under favorable
conditions earn from $40 to $90 a week.
These are better wages than those earned
by even the most famous foreign diamond
cutters. Workmen here are more intelli
gent and trustworthy than those of Hal
land, France or England, the chief dia
mond cutting countries of Europe. Theft
is common abroad, but ls unusual here.
Proverbial American extravagance Is
the secret of New York's lead in diamond
cutting. Foreign diamond cutters are not
permitted to lose more than 50 per cent
on each stone. Here the loss is seldom
less than 60 per cent, and often greater.
The diamond ls almost indestructible. It
loses nothing by long wearing and acids
cannot injure it. The prevalent idea that
soap and water dim the luster of the dia
mond ls a mistake. This is the dull sea
son, and the diamond dealers of London
are holding back rough diamonds with
the hope of an improvement in prices.
Ordinarily, however, rough diamonds may
be bought in this market at about $20 per
karat for small stones, say up to three
karats. Above that tne price rises by
great leaps. The method of getting at
the price is to multiply the rate per karat
by the square of the number of karats.
A ten-karat diamond often brings $2000.
A diamond weighing three karats in the
rough, and worth here $60, will, when pol
ished, weigh something over one karat
and sell, unset, at a Jeweler's at from $90
to $100. It is difficult, however, to speak
with certainty of these things, because
the diamond trade is full of tricks. No
one knows how often duties are evaded;
like bits of clear alum, th© darker lik©
clouded quartz. The rarest and costliest
stones are of sky-blue, pink and black.
When the boss cutter has made accurate
record of his rough diamonds h© divides
them into groups of four and five and
gives a group to each workman. From
that time forth the man to whom thev
are/ entrusted is responsible for th«
stones. He returns them each night to
the boss and the progress of th© work is
carefully noted. In this way it is made
extremely difficult for fraud to b© prac
ticed. A cutter is seldom permitted to
polish a stone belonging to any on© but
the boss. Doubtless the workman would
b© careful to prevent confusion, but mis
takes might arise. Now and then a clever
substitution is managed, and one© in a
long while outright theft is committed.
The first work done upon th© rough dia
mond Is cleaving. The ston© is placed in
a peculiar cement that softens easUy and
hardens quickly. A little notch on tha
line of cleavage is mad© with another
diamond, the edge of an old razor la
placed in this notch, and with a smart
blow of the hammer the diamond la split.
Of course when a diamond can be worked
whole it Is not split. After cleaving comes
cutting. The diamond is placed in a llttl*
mass of cement on the end of a stick and
scraped with another diamond similarly
embedded. The cutter has six points pre
sented to him, and he begins with the on©
that seems moat promising. His cholcs
decides which shall be th© upper surfac©
of th© diamond, for in the "brilliant" cut
ting, which is the most difficult and the,
one most generally practiced here, the
CX iK? se il sur * ac ® ls slightly flattened,
while the under side runs to th© aces of
a pyramid. In this way eight or ten
facets are made. From the cutter th©
stone goes to the grinder, or polisher,
who patiently turns it and turns it untli
the swiftly whirling wheel has cut upon
the surface nfty-elght tiny facets. Thes«
flf ty-elght facets appear upon every dia
mond cut as a brilliant, whether it be a
ten-karat stone as broad as a man's
thumb nail or a tiny sparlc not blreer
than two pin heads. Th© wheel on which
the stones are polished is a soft iron
disk, lined with innumerable curved rays
running from center to circumference.
This is sprinkled with diamond dust and
which will seat 250, three section-rooms, a
tearoom and kitchen. Throughout the
rooms are handsomely furnished and so
arranged as to admit of effective decora
tion. A library is being collected, while
many fine engravings, etchings and pieces
of statuary are already the property of
the club.
The Ebell Club is perhaps the most pro
gressive of the Los Angeles clubs and
puts to good use these cozy quarters. *
Still another clubhouse is now In course
of construction in Los Angeles, which is
expected to be finished in time for the
biennial. This will be known as the^
Shakespeare Club and is being built by
Mrs. Addle Murphy Grigg on Figueroa
street, within a few blocks of the Wo
man's Club house. The upper floor will
be used by the Cumnock School of Ex
pression, of which. Mrs. Grlgg is principal,
but the rooms below will be adaoted for
club purposes. Here the Ebell Club will
find a new home, as the rise in property
.values makes it impracticable to hold the
Greek temple permanently. The Shakes
peare Club has also leased the clubrooms.
The building wlil be in Elizabethan
style, heavily crossbeamed, with spaces
filled with plaster, wide gable window's
and latticed panes and a tiled roof. The
plans show wide fireplaces, low ceilings,
with uncovered beams and low window
seats; Jill in quaint old English style. An
old-fashioned English garden will be made
a feature of the place.
Nor is Pasadena wanting in club facili
ties. The Stickney Memorial Hall was
Whe^e the hospi
tably Worpgri oF
Southern C^f
fOHva V/f TT act as
hostesses (jc| the
sY^^h brents!
Cor|VentTcr| oF
the G^paT P^cf
epaiTori oF Wo
rpen* s Cubs-.
The clubhouse was built especially for
the Friday Morning Club, the most influ
ential of the women's clubs In Los An
geles, by the Woman's Clubhouse Asso
ciation. The building is free from debt,
and aside from the lease of the Friday
Morning Club a considerable income is
derived by renting the clubhouse for re
ceptions, balls and entertainments of va
rious kinds. The eighty stockholders of
the association count on a 5 per cent divi-
The furnishings of this beautiful club
house are in keeping with the structure.
Persian rugs carpet the polished floors,
quaint antique tables, couches and chairs
relieve the severe outlines which are the
feature of the mission style, and the sand
finished walls are richly tinted and hung
with rare paintings, engravings and etch
ings. Indian draperies, old brasses, bronze
vases, busts and bas-reliefs and many
other objets d'art have been donated to
the club and serve to give the apartments
an air of culture and elegance.
The audience room has a seating capa
city for six hundred. Here, too, the ceil
ing is timbered, and the lighting Is from
windows quite under the roof. Upon the
ipper floor are banquet room, kitchens
ind dressing rooms, ample for all pur
poses of entertainment.
The interior Is equally artistic. A
broad hallway leads to the assembly
room, and to the right and left are re
ception rooms, library and omces. The
v.-ood finish is weathered oak, which is
elective In the heavily beamed ceilings
and massive Tuscan columns and broad
stairways. The windows are wide and
furnished with deep seats luxuriously
cushioned.
It is built. In mission style with a patio
on the north, and portales extending the
entire length of two sides. The patio Is
Ailed with palms, bamboo and the bril
liant color of cannas and polnsettias.
7*arred windows, a roof of Spanish terra
;otta. and wrought Iron flower balconies
complete the charming and picturesque
vffect.
The pride of club women of the south
ern city Is the Woman's Club house, a
spacious building situated on Figueroa
street, one of the most fashionable streets
In the city.
LOS ANGELES Is a city of women's
clubs and clubhouses.
When the sixth biennial conven
tion of the General Federation of
Women's Clubs meets there in the spring
Los Angeles club women can act the
hostesses In well appointed club homes
all their own, and not toe dependent upon
churches and rented halls except in a sup
plementary way.-
THE S UNDAY O Alili.'
10
WOMEN CLUB HOUSES OF LOS ANGELES AND PASADENA,". v ¦":'--.;, ¦¦¦ ¦ '.- •¦¦'- V- -j- ¦ <: ¦'¦ ¦•¦;¦ j ¦-¦- -%¦'¦: ¦.:¦¦';¦?¦•¦?.¦¦¦ •¦-'¦
THE SUNDAY 0 CALIi.
11
amid the merriment of the rest of the
company, who knew Hoffman's dislike at
being made a butt.
Theater parties, which are now so fa
vorite a- form of entertaining one's
friends, were not known in San Francisco
until late in the sixties, unless an excep
tion is made in the case of one given by
Judge A. C. Monson, who died last week
in New York at the ripe age of fourscore.
Judge Monson was a law partner of'Mil
ton S. Latham in Sacramento prior to
that gentleman's election as Governor of
the State; he was the great beau of th»
capital city and noted for his inability
to. pronounce the letter R, On the occas
ion referred to Judge Monson brought
down a party of a dozen friends on tl<»
steamer from Sacramento to take In ths
first appearance of James Anderson at
the American Theater, their entree creat
ing quite a sensation. Miss Kate Baldwin f
daughter of Judge J.G. Baldwin, and
afterward the wife of John'B. Felton an>
early day legal luminary of the San Fran-
Cisco bar, was tho beauty of .the party.
About 1868 a young man from Boston
who cut quite a swath as a society beau
here, 'John M. Glldden by name, may bo
said to have inaugurated "them by glvlntr
a theater party of fifty guests at tho
operatic performance of Mme. Parepa
Rosa In "Linda dl Chamounl," at the Met
ropolitan Theater. .The entire party
which consisted of the very cream of tha
society of that day, wero driven after the
performance to the • residence of Mrs
Lloyd Tevls on Taylor street, the having
placed her house at the disposal of Mr
Glldden for a cotillon, followed by guD
pe- -'-.'¦:. .
ductlon of the play here, was sufficient to
scare ladies from patronizing it. and the
night It was first seen at Maguire's, in
April: 1SG7, men only filled the seats, not
a woman being present. It was not such
a. dreadful thing after all— in fact it was
so "good". It was a: comparative failure.'
'One of the excitements of the day was
the arrival of the lightning express train
which brought Lawrence Barrett and hi3
party to play "Henry V." Rignold
had been originally, engaged to play
tho part at the California, -but when he
broke the engagement and went to tha
Grand Opera-house (or Wade's, as it was
then called) to play that character, the
management of . the California tele
graphed for Barrett, and the trip across
the continent was made In the then won
derful time of four, and a half davs. Bar
rett was a. nervous man,. and he after
ward said that sooner' than return Ea3t
at the same rate of speed he would walk
the entire, way. \ ., •••;, . . .-'
The arrival, of the party was made the
occasion of a great demonstration, guns
were lired, a 'banrt of music - played in
, the court-yard of the Palace Hotel, where
a. breakfast was given. - at^which Mayor
Bryant presided and speeches were made
by ail the notables present. As a conse
quonce the opening night of "Henry V"
at the California June 5*. 1S76. was a jam.
But in spite of the excellence of the per
formance there were many funny sights
that provoked smiles in the audience. The
costumes of Henry V w'ere made for
Rignold, who was a. much larger man
than Barrett and the King.'s crown kept
slipping down over Barrett's nose; the
logs of his armor were several inches too
long, making it appear as' if he were
walking on short stilts; his^royar mantle
swept the ground as he uncomfortably
moved about the stage, and as a kisser
Barrett was not a success. Much of this
was remedied after the first performance,
but the play after a comparatively short
run was withdrawn.'
A scene not down on the bills occurred
at the -old "California Theater in- August.
1-673, when there -was a benefit" given- and
Steve Masf-ett'was ono of those who vol
unteered. It must be remembered that
John. McCullough, who was at that time
the lessee of the_ theater, had been a
protege of Edwin Forrest and was '.for
many- years his - leading man. Masseft,
who gave "imitations," had in his reper
toire one of Forrest, which vras more of a
burlesque than a personation. Thi3 he be
gan on the occasion in question, but when .
McCulloug-h learned what was going on*
he ordered the curtain lowered, which
was done in the middle of Massett's per
formance.
It is only of recent date that theatrical
and musical celebrities have been re
ceived socially by the swim. There have
been, however,- exceptions and among
them_ may be -cited the dinner • given by
Mrs. Ben Holladay Sr. to Lawrence Bar
rett, In 1868, and the numerous suppers
at which Heller, the magician, figured as
star guest. . .; . ; .
Heller came well supplied with letters
to our best people," a good, many of whom
invited him to supper, parties after his
evening performance, at which he very
obligingly did a number of sleight-of-hand
tricks. At one of these parties,- given by
Judge H. A. Lyons, there was a scarcity 1
; of spoons suddenly noticed, whereupon
Mr. Heller commenced to draw them from
Judge. Hoffman's pockets, collar of his
coat and even his shoes, much to that gen
tleman's, embarrassment and final anger,
audience. Another funny sight about this
period anu even later was to see Charlev
Schultz. who was leader of the orchestra,
drop l:!s i baton -and fly from the house at
the first tap of the fire bell to join the
company to which he belonged, he being.
a most enthusiastic fire laddie
Plays were always handsomely staged
at tne California, notably the Shakes-'
¦ pearean productions of "Coriolanus" and
"Julius Caesar" during McCullougkia
management. Another play elabora'teiv
nut or. VMS "Aladdin." with Maggie
Moore in the title role, supported .by J
C^.Williamson. Occupying the stase box
the first night; of the play, in January,
|1S73, was a party including 'the two
daughters of General E. F. Beale of
¦Washington. D. C— Mis3 Beale, who mar
ried a Russian dlnlomnt and i-s now Mme
33al;irctieff. and Miss Emily, now th« wife
..¦of John R.: McLean. .Mips Emily. Beale,'
who carried a- hunch nf, violets on -enter-"
, ing [the box., place! , the flowers' on the
cushion- in from v«wlilch -a hasty
movement , ©timber" part->d1:**6dged them
• and the -¦ bouquet fell into -the orchestra."
some .distance beneath. ".•.-; ¦•
Springing 'forward with a loud exclama
tion, she looked after the flowers an-1"
whistling to them 'as to a clog, she called
out "Come back hero.",' 'A young -man'
seated In the parquet • picked up tne
bouquet and tossed it upward to the box,
which It failed to reach and fell back
again at his feot. This was repeated thre«
times ere it was caught by , Miss Beale
amjditha applause of the houss. -¦ A coin
ment made on this was "the wild and
'¦woolly West cannot" compete In s^me
thinirs with the nation's capital." Were :
people more prudish in the old days, or
is modesty going out of fashion in theso,
is a question sometimes propounded. Cer
tain it Is that ¦' costumes ¦ considered" quito"
the thing now ".would not then have been
tolerated, and a greater proof of thlS" as
sertion cannot be cited than the way in
which little. Eliso Holt, the English ac
tress, was, received on her first appear
ance at the California in .August. 1S£>.
It was during the ; onsra^einont of the
veteran actor, John Brougham, at that
house, and on tho evening in question the
theater had seldom hold a more brilliant
r.iuliercp.-t.be occasion being the benefit
offered by Mr. Brougham to Neil Warner,
v.'ho appeared- as"Sir Giles Overreach In
"A New Way to Pay Old Debts." sup
ported by Brougham. McOullough, Ray
mond. Edouin. Harry Edwards. Vioi.i
Crocker and Emilie Melville. The second
part of the programme was a burlosouo
callfd . "I.ucrezia- . Borgia. |tM.' P.. or La
Gi-andc Doctreps."' A great . retmtatlon'
had preceded EliseHolt, and curiosity to
see her "was at fever heat. When she
danced upon the stage.'however,'cos
tumed as in -the accompanying photo
graph, society caught its breath and in -
less than five minutes all those ladies who
could get out of the house had disap
peared. It Was only those whose seats
were at the Inner end of the horseshoe
who remained. Her costumes were - con- '*
sidered immodest and the house the sec
ond night was a dead frost.
Under these circumstances, Lawrence
Barrett deemed It best to cancel the en
gagement. He requested Miss Holt to
make some changes in the "business" of
the play; and when she refusedthe parts
were called in and the California saw her
no more In abbreviated skirts. Apropos
of risque plays, the reputation of "The
Black • Crook." which had such a run In
New York and which preceded the pro-
It was net long ti'.! Garrtsorr heard of
the fun and naturally he wished to hear
the joke himself, but every. night hewent
to the theater Birch heard he was in the
house and omitted it. So one nisht Gar
rison wont early and hid himself behind
the curtains of the box while some of
his friends. occupied the front seats, but
when the time came for the question,
"Where have you been?" and it was
asked, Billy Birch deliberately turned
around in his chair and looking up' at
the box sa!d, "You think I don't know
you're there, don't, you?" whereupon a
perfect yell went up, Mr. Garrison ac
knowledged himself beaten and gave up
the attempt to hear himself laughed at.
Anything like this might be consldsroJ
impossible at this date, but it must be
remembered that San Francisco was a
much smaller - jiiaee then and nimest
everybody in a theater knew everybody
else.
It was at the Metropolitan in ISM 'thit a
rather curious coincidence occurred. -Dan 1 '
Eetehell. a popular young; comedian, came
hero the year before and played engage- ;
monts at different theaters extending
over a period of nine months, going from
here to Australia in February, 1SC3. At
his farewell benefit a few nights before
he sailed one of the characters in the play
of "Dombcy and Son" had occasion to
read from a newspaper about the loss of
a ship at sea. In doing so he interpolated
the name of the Trieat. the baric which
was to take Setchell away, saying: "Noth
ing was saved except a trunk filled with
a stage wardrobe and bad plays," a joke
which was received with much laughter,
by the audience. The Triest sailed but
never reached its destination, and wreck
age bearing that name was picked up
nearly a ye3r afterward off the Leeward
Islands.
The opening of the California Theater in
January, !SC3, under the joint manage
ment of Lawrence Barrett and John Mc-
Cullough. was a gala event. These pen
tlemen had gathered around them a com
pany unequoledj in including
many who aftorward became stars a£
greater or less magnitude, as for instance
John T. Raymond. Frank Mayo. E. J.
Buckley, Willie Edouin. and others. Th»
Opening performance was on January 18;
1WS. and long before' the eventful* night
there was not a scat to bo had In the
house for love or money. Barrett in lull
evening dress "received" the audience <n
the lower hall of the theater as they en
tered, and when the curtain rolled up lor
the first time it Is doubtful if a more bril
liant audience ever . assembled ; in San
Francisco before or since — orchestra, dresa
circle ar.d family circle were crowded with
people known In the world of fashion,
even the gallery holding a fair proportion
of those unable to get scats elsewhere
The play was "Money," McCullough tak
ing the part of Alfred Evelyn, and a cor
dial • reception was given to all the play
ers as they appeared; but. during the first
entr'acte something occurred tc bring
down the house with a roar.
The orchestra was playing the popular
"Anvil Polka," and thinking the music
too pood to be lost Mrs. Dr. Shorb and
Ben Holladay Jr., who with several oth
ers occupied one of the Btage boxes
(which was an exceptionally large one
almcst a small room) Indulged in a dance
In the background to the frantic delight
of the gallery and Intense amusement of
the rest of the house. On being discov
ered they withdrew behind the curtains'
and when they, reappeared after the cur
tain went up on the^second act they were
greeted with three cheers and a tiger.
John Raymond, who was one of the
company, had a mania* for matching: half
dollars, and on more than one occasion
he was seen to match them during: the
"business" of his part with friends in the
Twat» t&trarfl the olos* of the fifties
I that Mrs. John Wood, an English ac
j tress, played a long engagement at
X Ilaguire's Opera-house and created a
great sensation. She was a beautiful
woman. As a burlesque actress she had
few 'equals and her small voice she man
agsd with consummate skill. The play in
which she made the greatest hit was one
written for her in San Francisco by M.
Mi. Noah, entitled "Love's Disguises." in
which she took the part of a young girl
masquerading as a youtb. She numbered
her adorers by the score and probably the
most open In his devotion at her shrina
was Judge John S. Hager, at that time
a gray middle-aged bachelor. He occupied
one of the stage boxes at Maguire's every
night and always at the close of the first
act a single white camellia was dropped
from it at the feet of the fair actress,
who ¦wore it In her hair or in her corsage
the rest of the evening.
Judge Hager presided over ono of our
district courts and Mrs. Wood thought
Bhe would turn his devotion to account by
obtaining his assistance to get a divorce
from her husb:ind, John Wocd — as ugly a
little man as qne could llnd In a day's
Journey. The sttit, founded or. intemper
ance, was accordingly brought jr. Judge
Kager's court and there it dragged along
until th» close of the theatrical season,
wben JV. etc Hagrer, hard-hearted man, to
every one's surprise, decided against her.
Cut off as California then was from the
rest of the world it can hardly be: believed
vhat. intense excitement wa.s caused by
/:e boom of the incoming -steamer gun*,
possibly an excellent illustration of tlie
,ower this sound had over tho com
inanity was witnessed during the engage
pent of Ctfr. and Mrs. J. W. Wallack in
March. 1S3S. It was the firpt night of the
"Merchant of Venice" and the house wa3
filled with a very fashionable assemblage.
In the middle of Portia's speech the gun
ff the two ilays overdue steamer --was
f.etrd and in less time than it takes to
*•!'. there was not a man left In the house
••jt opting a few-of the mere unfortunate
Civs who had exacting ladies with them.
The majority of those who were accom
panied by their wlvos depended on their
good nature to forgive their unceremon
ious departure and trusted to luck that
they got home all right. Wonwn In those
days were riDt so independent as they are
row in going about by themselves. The
company came speedily to cues and the
curtain dropped before the play-was hali
o\ cr.
During the summer of 1863 the most
fashionable place to visit was the little
Eureka Theater on Montgomery, street.
where Billy Birch and his minstrels were
1he attraction. It was at this period that
Fame large stock deals were consummated
and one of them was made by a jeweler
named Tucker, who rather "took in" the
well-known broker. William R. Garrison,
familiarly known by his friends as "Billy"'
— and then openly boasted of what he had
done. Billy Birch, who was always on
to the latest thing, turned this to ac
count and night after night all Billy Gar
rison's friends went to hear and laugh
over the following dialogue between the
interlocutor. Sam Wells, and bones, Billy
Slrch:
"Wei!, Billy, and where have you been?"
"I've been up in the moon."
"The znocn, and what did you see
Bcre7"
"I saw John W. Tucker."
"And what was Tucker dolnjr lni the
nsoon?"
"Looking for Billy Garrison to sell him
joins more Wide West"— the name of the
f stock In Question.
STORIES OF EARLY DAY ACTORS AND ACTRESSESThe point of view of this book is human in
terest In th* otlier worlds around usj It pr«-
Other Worlds.
The latest popular work on astronomy
which Professor Garrett P. I Servlss has
written Is "Other Worlds." It 'contains
nine short chapters, in which are described
the chief physical peculiarities of .' the
different planets of our solar system.: The
work Is in no eense ' a text book on
astronomy. Written for, an audience of
persons who have not necessarily a tech
nical knowledge of that science, :. it 'ex
plains in simple language the leading
wonders of those worlds which lie near
est our own. ¦; The . purpose of the book
may be best explained in Mr.. Servlss'
own words; , -
A\ clear presentation of i the Isthmian
canal . question will appear ' in the Febnir
ary . Scribner's ) from the pen . of "W. H.
Burr, the eminent engineer and professor
at Columbia College, ; who. is a member
of the. .United States Commission. Tha
author presents the advantages and dla-
"The Flash of . an Emerald," by Ethel
Watt3 Mumford. the novelette with which
the February "number of The Smart Set
opens, is a notable contribution to litera
ture.. It contains, in exquisite* balance,
realism, adventure, and romance. The
characters, mps't modern of the modern,
are distinctive and drawn with charming
art. The "love interest that permeates
the 'plot is at one© novel and absorbing;
while the scenes, varying frbm France to
America, form an . admirably worked . out
background to .action the most dramatic.
The Dodge Publishing Company, recent
ly located at 40 "West Thirteenth street,
New York, announces for immediate pub
lication a collection of the world's best
love poems In a choice edition limited to
975 copies. , This collection will be en
titled "Favorite Songs of Love" and will
be bound in cloth, ooze leather and! full
English calf. , • . ~ '
Literary Notes.
AS GOD MADE HER— By Barah Murray
Thrasher. Cooper & Co., San Francisco. In
paper. CO cents.
BRIGHT DAYS IN MERRIE ENGLAND—
By A. Vandoren Honeyman. Honeyman 3s Co.,
PUtnfield. New Jersey. $1 50.
FLOATING TREASURE — By Harry Castle
mon. Henry T. Coates & Co., Philadelphia.
THIS HERALD'S HISTORY OT ICS XX
GELES—By Charles Dwlght Willard. Kings
ley-Barnes & Xeuner Co.. publishers, Los An
gelea, Cal.
ADVENTURES IN THIBET — By "William
Carey. United Society of Christian Endeavor,
Boston and Chicago. $1 50.
Books Received.
The "Camera Craft" for January is the
strongest number that has as yet ap
peared. The great feature is tho repro
duction of many of ; the best exhibits of
the recent San Francisco Photographic
Salon— over fifty pictures are given and
fifteen of them have been printed in col
ors. This color work is some of the
finest that we have seen done on this
coast and makes this particular number
one that will appeal to the ; layman aa
well as to the photographer. The work
of each exhibitor is touched upon in an
alphabetically arranged article ;that de
scribes and kindly criticizes th© different
pictures hung in the exhibition.- ¦ v:,;:
Camera Craft.
The Whitaker & Ray Company (San
Francisco) issues a school manual by Ar
thur H. Chamberlain entitled "Paper and
Cardboard Construction." It Is designed
for the use of young children either at
school or at home. The materials sug
gested ar© ¦ cheap and easily obtained.
The models are attractive and just the
kind which a child enjoys copying; since
they lead to the construction of articles
which are pleasing in a child's sight and
yet which are within his ability to pro
duce. (Price 75 cents.)
Paper and Cardboard Work.
"The Art of Teaching," by Emerson E.
White, is a comprehensive inquiry Into
the general principles which underlie the
best methods of teaching. While not be
ing a special plea for the adoption of any
.particular method of instruction, it will
prove a helpful guide to young teachers
who have not learned from experience
how to develop most successfully the tal
ents of the young, with the least waste
of effort on the part of teacher and pupil.
(Published by the American Book: Com
pany, New'Tork. Price $1.)
The Art of Teaching.
situated about 10,000 miles from the outer edge
and about 1C00 miles in width. Inside of this
. gap tho broadest and brightest ring appears,
having a. width of about 16.500 miles. For
some reason this great ring is most . brilliant
near the gap, and Its brightness gradually falls
(Jff .toward its inner side. At a distance of
something less than 20,000 mil's from the planet'
4 —or perhaps It would be more correct to say
above the planet, for the rings hang 'directly
over Saturn's equator— the '• broad, bright ring
merges into a mysterious gauzellke object, also
in the form of" a ring, which extends to within
,9000 or 10,000 miles of ¦ the planet's Burface,
and therefore,' itself has'a width of say 10.COO
miles. • • *. The Opacity of the rings is
proved by the shadow which .they, cast upon
-the ball of the planet. ' *> .•¦'•. •: 'The gauze
ring, the detection of which as a faintly lumin
ous phenomenon requires a powerful telescope
can be seen with slighter telescopic power in
the form of a light shade projected against the
planet at the inner edge of. the broad bright
ring. The explanation of the existence of. this
- peculiar "object depends upon the nature of the
entire system, which instead of being, as the
earliest observers thought it, a solid ring or
series of -concentric rings. Is composed of In
numerable small; bodies, like meteorites, per
haps.ln size, circulating Independently but In
comparatively close Juxtaposition to one an
other about; Saturn, and presenting to our eyes
because of their number and; our enormous dial
tance. the appearance of sol Id, uniform rings
So a flock of ducks may look from afar like a
continuous black line or band, although if wa
were near them we should perceive that a con
siderable space separates each individual from
his , neighbor.'/ • • • . it might be said
then, that Saturn, instead of having nine satel
lites only, has untold millions of them, . travel
s ing in orbits so closely ¦' contiguous that they
form, the appearance of a vast ring. V As to their
origin, it may be supposed that they are a relio
of a ring of matter left, In suspension during
the contraction of th* globe -or Saturn from a
nebulous mass. Just. as the rings .from which
the various planets are supposed to have been
formedwera left off during the' contraction of
the main . body of . the; original aolar nebula,
• ' • ¦.-• :¦ -. We . have • spoken ot tha ring.
as being composed of meteorites, but parhap*
! their , component particles may b« so small aa
to answer mora closely to tha definition of dust.
In these rings of dust, or. meteorites 1 disturb
ances ¦ ara produced ',, by, the attraction of ; th*
and that of th* outer satellites, and It U
'79%'* sueattou whether they ar* a. stable and
with Lls;' . .
And fill himself with claret, and, although It
ain't like beer,
I wish he'd send a bottle — Just one bottle — to
us here."
(Published by Drexel Blddle, Philadelphia and
San Francisco. Price 75 cents.) ..
But I appreciates the man that loves his glass
of booze.
"And Omar here likes good red wine, although'
he's pretty mum
On liquors, which is better yet, like whisky,
- ti; gin or rum;-
Perhaps his missus won't allow him. things like
that to touch.
And he doesn't like to own it. WeU, I don't
blame Omar much.
"Then I likes a man what's partial to the la
dies, young or old/
And Omar seems to seek 'em much as me and
-you seek gold;- • •
I only hope for his sake that his wife don't
learn his game.
Or she'll put a chain on Omar, and that would
be a shame.
"His language is some florid, but I guess it Is
{ the style
Of them writer chaps that studies and burns
the midnight lie;
He tells us he's no chicken; so I guess he knows
what's best.
And can hold his own -with Shakespeare, Wau
keen Miller, and the rest. ,
\ . »
"But I hope he ain't a thlnkln' of a trip to
this yer camp.
For our dancin' girls is . ancient, and our li
quor's somewhat damp
By doctorln' with water, and we ain't got
wine at all.
Though I had a drop of porter — but that was
back last fall.
"And he mightn't like our manners, and he
mightn't like the smell,
Which is half the charm of Dawson; and he
mightn't live to tell
Of the acres of wild roses that grows on every
street:
And he mightn't like the winter, or he mightn't
like the heat.
"So I guess it's best for Omar for to stay right
¦ • where he is.
And gallivant with Tottie, or with Flossie, or
' "One of the first ¦ things that persons unac
customed . to astronomical ¦ observations ask to
see when they ; have an opportunity , to look
; through a telescope, is the planet Saturn. Many
telescopic views in the heavens disappoint' the
beginner, but _ that of Saturn j does , not. Even
though tho planet may not look as large as he
expected to see it from what! he has been. told
of the magnifying power employed, the untrain
ed observer is sure to be greatly impressed. by
the wonderful r rings, suspended around it as
if by a miracle. No previous Inspection of pic
tures of these rings can rob them of their effect
upon , th« eye ' and the mind. : They ! are * over
v whelmln* in their inimitable singularity., and
, they : . leave -every spectator truly amazed.
R5j§££o*."?vlf.th«> reader will take a ball three-
I Inches in diameter to represent, the globe of
Saturn and out of tho center of / a circular
piece of writing paper seven inches In diameter
will : cut a round hole three and | three-auarter
' Inches across, and .will ; then place ] the- ball in'
. the middle of | the • hole In the \ paper, I he will
have a very fair representation of the relative
proportions of Saturn and its rings. To repre
' sent tha main ". gap or division J in th* rings > he
1 might . draw, a ' little ' mora . than '. three-eighths
of an Inch - from , the ¦ outer edge of tha paper
. disk,' a pencil line about a sixteenth of an inch
broad.'v£V, ';•.«'• , Several > narrow.'- gaps /in
tha rings have been detected from time to time,
but there Is only on* such gap which is always
clearly to b* aeon,* th* on* already mentioned*
The following selections from the chap
ter on Saturn ¦. will . give an example of
the contents of the work : •
While basing itself upon facts, it does not ex
clude the discussion of Interesting probabilities
and theories that have commanded wide pop
ular attention, it points out, for instance, /what
is to be thought of the Idea of inter-planetary
communication. It Indicates what must be the
outlook of the possible Inhabitants of some of
the other planets toward the earth. As far as
may be. It traces the origin and development of
this other worlds of our system and presents
a grand picture of their present condition as in
dividuals,- and of their wonderful contrasts as
members of a common family.
sents the latest discoveries among , the plan
ets of the solar system, and shows their bear
ing upon the question of life in those planets.
It points out the resemblances and the differ
ences between the earth and other worlds that
share with It in the light of the sun. It shows
what we should see and experience if we could
visit those worlds. • .
Bnt Ihe stove, sir, made us game.
"When the winter comes, old chappie.
Our stove," said Jack, "we'll bless.
Think of fifty below zero!"
And I sadly murmured, "M'Yes."
So we cook'eu'our meals, and sweated
While we ate them, ¦ for we knew
In a month or so the weather
Would be cold enough for two.
When the winter came our hummer
. Looked a bit the worse for wear; •
Her top was sagging inward
Which we couldn't well repair.
The damper, too, was cranky.
And the oven seemed to hold
Some secret understanding
With our enemy, the cold.
We could nil that stove with dry wood,
• We could cram It up with green, '
But the shavings wouldn't catch, sir;
Such a stove we'd never seen.
- And our bacon wouldn't sizzle, -
And our coffee almost froze; ¦_
And we shivered up our backbones
And we shivered In our toes.
Our cabin was an. ice chest,
And we nearly froze to death
While we blew upon the fire
With a semi-frozen breath.
And we crawled within our blankets,
Sick at heart and fain to curse.
. Talk of suffering'. No torture
Man devised was ever wo.rae.
Now 'tis sprinBtlme," and we've purchased
Another and wo trust • '.
It- will act a little better,
For. to tell the truth, we're bust.
And If this won't cook our victuals —
Beans and bacon, little more —
We- shall auction off our matches
And eat our menu raw. . •
Those who belong to the- wide circle of
Omar-FltzGerald worshipers may be in
terested in hearing' how the quatrains
strike the pioneer of the Yukon:
"This Omar seems a decent chap," said Flap
jack Dick one night, ,
When ho had read my copy through and then
blown out the light.
"I ain't much stuck on poetry, because I runs
; to news. »
There . are three other stories which
though short, present each [ a graphic de
scription of some phase of character. The
last story is the only one which leaves the
reader with an unmixed feeling of pleas
ure. All ' present wonderfully ;:. clever
sketches of life, but they help to destroy
the Illusions which some entertain- in re
gard to human . nature, for thej' picture
it as something very weak and pitiful.
(Published by Charles Scribner's Sons,
New York. Price $1.) \r. \..\ .-
"Varenka Olesoff" is an unpleasant
story of a university instructor who mis
understands the kindness shown ; him. . by
a young girl, a friend \ of his sister. He
thinks this girl , looks upon him as a de
sirable party, whom it would be good pol
icy to marry, while in reality she Is
moved by disinterested admiration for his
cleverness.. ';.-¦'¦ • .¦¦'
The leading character in "The Insolent
Man" is a printer who has a quarrel with
one of his editors. The editor, writes pas
slonate denunciations of the wrongs in
flicted upon the workingman., In his deal
ings with his own men, however, he fails
to put his Ideas into practice.. \Vhen he
is called to account for It by the printer,
the latter is rebuked for his Insolence, and
made to see that however much some per
sons may prate of social equality, for
them the difference between classes must
always remain the same.
n V. SUTHERLAND, whose
| \ poem, VJacinta," met with such
I I success on : its publication j last
X. I year, has written a book of verses
a*/ illustrating certain experiences of
himself and ; others In the Klon
dike. In point of form and lan
guage ¦ these verses display a free
dom from conventional rules which but
accentuates»the humor of the incidents
related. For these songs sing of the
brighter side of life In the far north,
or, if they happen to touch upon a darker
side, it is done in away to make even
that seem amusing. It is a matter, of re
gret that Mr. Sutherland has deemed such
a small volume sufficiently large to con
tain his impressions of the Klondike. The
following poems will serve as an example
of those which comprise the rest of the
colection: ;
> ' OUR STOVE. .
When we bought our stove in Dawson
We were jubilant, and thought
That we owned the 'finest baker ,
Two men bad ever bought.
Said my partner, "She's a beauty."
"She's a hummer. Jack," said I,
"And she'll burn all sorts of lumber.
Whether wet wood,, damp or dry." -
. Thirty dollars, sir. she cost us
¦ ('Tis enough to make one weep!) • -
Yet we pitied the pcor devil
Who would sell a stove so cheap.
a And we packed it in our cabin
On a scorching summer's day:
Sixty pounds It weighed, plus stovepipe—
Yet we sniggered all' the way.
So that evenlnjr we lit her,
And we watched our beauty burn !
Till the heat within the cabin
Gave my partner there a turn —
Made him deathly sick at stomach —
And I scorched my only shirt ,
While I watched our beans and bacon
Lest our victuals should be hurt. t
Tou bet she was a hummer!
But she hummed too much for us
On those blazing days In summer,
And we'd stand outside and cuss. -
And we'd take our grub and eat it
On our porch, where likewise came
Gay mosquitoes singing anthems;
voort Roberts, Is a story of the result of
the influence exerted by a good woman.
The heroine, Margaret "Winthrop, is a
beautiful, noble girl, who belongs to a
poor . but aristocratic New York family.
She is engaged to be married to a man
who Jilts her in a particularly heartless
manner. Soon afterward she is wooed
by a young man of fortune. Francis Bel
lamy. Margaret accepts Bellamy in or
der to save her father from impending?
financial ruin. Bellamy does not pretend
to love Margaret, but expects to find in
her a suitable head to his household. He
is a dissipated fellow, who has run un
hindered a wild career. "When he mar
ries he stipulates that his wife Is to leave
him alone to follow his own inclinations.
So Bellamy goes his way and > his wife
hers. Gradually the loveliness of Mar
garet's character exerts over Bellamy, In
spite of himself, a potent influence. He
falls in love with Margaret and tries to
lead a life which will meet with her ap
proval. He succeeds in winning not only
his wife's esteem, but her love, as well.
The story is short, but decidedly inter
esting. (Published by The J. B. Uppin
cott Company, Philadelphia.)
"The Lifting of a Finger," by Ina Bre-
The Lifting of a Finger.
"The Outlaws of Horseshoe Hole," by
Francis 'Hill, is a story of Montana in the
early days, when the respectable settlers
had to protect themselves by lynch law
from the depredations of desperadoes.. The
young hero of the story, Allan Sayers, is
a lad whose father owns a cattle ranch.
While guarding a part of his father's
property, Allan is captured by a band of
outlaws, who steal many of Mr. Sayers'
horses. Allan finally makes his escape
and returns home with his tale of woe. A
party of men from the ranch set out with
Allan to recapture the horses. Both
horses and outlaws are found, but the
latter make their escape, after capturing
Allan once again. ..This time Allan is com
pelled to spend several months in the com
pany of these men, but at last he gains
his freedom through the kindness of a
daughter of the chief bandit. The end of
the story contains the account of the final
punishment of the outlaws. Although
the book deals with the wild life
of early days In the "West, It Is not sensa
tional. It gives a good idea of the diffi
culties which men of respectability had in
maintaining law and order in communities
¦where there was a strong lawless element.
(Published by Charles Scribner's Sons.
New York. Price $1.)
The Outlaws of Horseshoe Hole.
y A region adjacent to the north pole is
the Ecehe of a romance called "Thyra,"
by Robert Ames Bennet. Several men
belonging to a party of explorers which
has started out to find the pole sail in a
balloon to a land inhabited by the de
scendants of a Norseman who had made
fcls way there hundreds of years before.
These Runemen, as they call themselves,
still exhibit the characteristics of their
Norse ancestors. Then, too, they believe
in the reality of the existence of Odin
and the other divinities of the old my
thology. Yet, in many respects, they live
in -a state of civilization somewhat ad
vanced. The Runemen have as neighbors
a fierce tribe of people descended from
an old race originally inhabiting the pole.
These latter people are barbarians. They
worship a hideous idol to whom they of
fer sacrifices j of human life. Between
these creatures and the Runemen there
Is carried on a war, which ends In the
victory of the Hutemen, and the absorp
tion of the ruder race by them. The trav
elers arrive in time to take an active part
in the war. They have all sorts of novel
adventures with strange animals and
stranger human beings before they settle
down to a life of happiness with maidens
of the north with whom they have fallen
in love. (Published by Henry* Holt & Co.,
New York. Price $150.) ~-r- •;,•.
Thyra.
VERSE TMSPT^fTONS PROM THE KUONDTKE-
tonishment, that Matrena. was coming to occu
py a larger, and larger place in his life, that
he had to thick of her and talk with her "ac
cording to the 6ouU" more and more frequently.
She in her turn understood this very well,
indeed, and endeavored in every way, to broad
en ber growing significance In his life.
Upon this time, with Its promise of bet
ter things, breaks a renewal of OrlofTs
unrest. He has felt fired .to perform some
¦wonderful deed, which will testify to the
Crowing development in his character;
but now he feels Eteal upon him the be
cumbing influence of a dissatisfaction
wltn any condition to which he may at
tain. In an outburst of fury toward him
self and all things, he cries:
"I'm sick of it! I'm eo cramped here on
earth! la this life? Come, let's take the
coolers, patients — what are they? Are they a
support to me? Borne will die and others will
g»t weU • • • and I must go on living
again. How atn I to live? It's not life — only
convulsions • . • • isn't that enough to
make a man angry? I understand everything,
you eee. only It's difficult for me to eay that
I can't live so • • • but how I want to
live • • " I don't know! They heal
those elck people yonder, and give them every
attention • • • but I'm healthy, and if
ray soul aches, am I ar.y the less valuable than
they? Just think of it — I'm worse off than a
cholera patient. • • . • I have convul
sions la my heart — that's what the trouble is!
With every passing day, the world of his feel
ings grew wider and wider, and along with this.
Mb necessity for speech trared greater. He
could not. of course, narrate an a whole what
was taking place within him. for the greater
part of his sensations and thought were beyond
his grasp. • • • A sense of loneliness
laid it« grasp upon him: then it seemed to him
that Fate was playing with him, h&d blown him
out of his place, and was now carrying him
through the air like a feather. He began to
feel farry for himself, and went to his wife.
Sometimes he did not wish to do this, consid
ering that frankness toward her would lower
him in her eyes, but he went nevertheless. He
arrived gloomy, and now in a vicious, again
In a skeptical mood; he went away, almost al
ways, petted and composed. His wife had
trord* of her own; they were not many, they
were simple, but there was always a great deal
of feeling in Ahem, and he observed with as-
Into the life of Orloff, with its sordid
&££« and lack • of opportunity, comes a
cha»g«. He and his wife are offered the
position of attendants at a hospital. In
the doctors and nurses of this Institution
Orloff and his wife, Matrena, for the first
time meet with people who consider work
a means of ennobling life rather than a
cause of its degradation. Orloff and Ma
trena catch the enthusiasm of their new
acquaintances and do their best to win
approbation by a strict attention to duty.
Gradually the two develop into something
better than they have ever been. Their
self-respect increases, and as a conse
quence their reepect for each other is in
creased, while their love is lifted to a
higher plane. Soon Orloff finds himself
talking over with his wife the ambitions
and desires which until now have not
risen above the level of his consciousness.
To quote from the story itself:
"OrloU and His Wife" is the story of
two poor creatures, who live in a cellar
tn a wretched neighborhood. The man is
a. shoemaker. He and his wife spend all
the day at work in their mi set able room.
They love each other, but the monotony
of their existence at times' l»ads them,
through an instinctive craving for excite
ment, to fight together like wild beasts.
Orloff in particular is conscious of vagus
but powerful yearnings for something
different from all that he has hitherto
known. As far as externals go, his life
nas been but little removed from that of
an animal. He cannot flnd happiness,
or even contentment. In a life which, if
sordid, is tranquil. Young and strong, he
feels Burge -within him an energy which
must have something upon which to ex
pend itself. Untrained in directing this
energy except in the insignificant require
ments of his trade, it escapes all his fee
ble efforts at control and finds an outlet
In the Infliction of physical injury upon
the person nearest at hand — his wife.
This mental or spiritual unrest is the
chief cause of the tragedies enacted In
most of these stories. The rebellion of
the soul against the narrow limits of its
material environments finds its most ter
rible significance when it is felt by those
whose hard fate it is to have no knowl
edge of the suggestion Is offered by philos
ophers toward a solution of the problem
of being.
THOSE who made the acquaintance
of Maxim Gorky through the Eng
lish translation which was made last
year of his novel, "Forma Gor
dyeeff." vrill expect to find the collection
of his short stories, "Orloff and His,
Wife," a group of powecfuliy written
tales. All of these stories reveal the in
tensity of feeling which has inspired the
¦work of the best Slavonic writers. In
this book Gorky describes the primeval
passions ' which rage in the Russian so
fiercely, and often with such tragic re
sults when they are unchecked by the
quieting influence of culture. For nearly
ail the characters in this book are of the
cenus "tramp," a knowledge of whom
Gorky gained at first hand uurinc his own
experiences of vagabond life in Russia.
The hypersensitive reader will not find
this book altogether agreeable. The pict
ures of life which it presents are drawn
with that fidelity to truth which seeks ac
curacy of delineation, with no care for
the sensations of the spectator cave the
¦wish to have him see the thing portrayed
In its "art condition. When this spirit
animates the historian of that part of
Kussian society v.hcfe members ere saM
to show the Tartar through a very th n
veneer of Russian the picture preren'cd
Is bound to be one which good •workman
ship alone can make attractive. Withou;
the employment of the graces of style,
these stories are written with a power
suid a vigor which, even in translation,
snake them seem like .ancient dramas in
¦which are developed The careers of crea
tures of Titanic crudity of emct'on.
"Writing to the Dial from Albany, Mo.,
J. Breckenridge Ellis tells of the method
he adopted to ascertain the books pre
ferred by and for children. Ha took the
vote of about 2000 young people, between
the ages of 9 and 15. belonging to a so
ciety organized for the encouragement of
good reading, the members of which live
in thirty-nine States and Canada. Each
child was requested to send In a list of
his or her ten favorite books, in the or
der of preference, and a list of the three
authors found personally most enjoyable.
About 80 per cent responded, and tha
thirty-five books oftenest named wer*
headed by Louisa M. Alcott's "Little. Wo
men," followed by "Uncle Tom's Cabin,"
"Robinson Crusoe," "Old-Fashioned Girl,"
"Black Beauty," "Little Men," "Under
the Lilacs." Longfellow's poems. Dick
en's "Child's History of England." "John
Halifax." "Pilgrim's Progress." "Jo's
Boys," "Little Lord Fauntleroy," "Da
vid Copperfleld" and "Eight Cousins."
Not since the period immediately follow
ing Louisa M. Alcott's death has ther«
been so great a demand for tha Alcott
books as during the present season. Tha
fact that a new illustrated edition of "Lit
tle Men," with fifteen full page pictures
by Reginald B. Birch, was Issued and ex
tensively advertised undoubtedly stimu
lated the sale of the Alcott books, al
though the demand Is always larga.dur
ing the holidays. It is interesting in this
connection to note that one of tha last
checks for royalties paid Miss Alcott by
Roberts Bros, (whose business was somo
time ago acquired by Little, Brown &
Co.) was $12,000. This covered a period of
one" year. *
In the February number of the Delin
eator Ira D. Sankey continues the story
of his tour, and his description of the
Holy Land is erven more interesting than,
his story of the journey through, Egypt.
Professor Anthony Barker contributes the
first series on athletics for women, the
article dealing with physical culture at
home. Dr. Grace Peckham Murray intro
duces a series of articles on child train
ing by describing the disposition and
tendencies of every-day children. In the
series of notable women Dr. S. R. Elliott
gives some Interesting glimpses of Char
lotto Cushman. A finely. Illustrated arti
cle on "The Treasures of Jewish Cere
monial" is contributed by Waldon Faw
cett. The story by Helen Choate Prince.
"Reflected Lights," has all the delicate.
charm of that author's work, and "The
End of a Resolve." by Margaret "Whillana
Beardsley, is full of dramatic interest. "A
Disappearing Race" Is a profusely illus
trated article treating of Poor Lo's squaw
and the papoose. In the household de
partment Alice M. Kellogg: deals In a
practical way with floor coverings; Mar
garet Hall elves the first of her lessons
in cookery: and Anna "W. Morrison illus
trates a table attractively set for a Wash
ington lunch. The children's pages main
tain their high standard. The other de
partments of the magazine have their
usual interest
The present topographical arrangement
of the city of Washington was designed
under President Washington's supervision
and the new plans contemplate an en
riching of this arrangement, the chief
improvement being a superb avenue from
the Capitol to the Washington monu
ment, the latter forming an axis from
which other avenues and vistas will open-
The February, Century is to contain two
articles with illustrations on the new
scheme for beautifying the city of Wash
ington, and another important feature In
the same is3ue is "A Visit to Mount Ver
non a Century Ago," containing: conver
sation* with General Washington as re
corded in the diary of a Polish poet at
tached in this country to the suite of
Kosciusko. In one of their talks the mat
ter of new buildings for the Government
departments in the "Federal City" was
brought up— the expense of the buildings
was estimated at $36,000. and It was sug
gested that It would bo difficult to get
enough houses to lodge all the members.
•Very well," the general said, Jokingly;
"they have only to camp out; the repre
sentatives will be placed in the first row,
the Senate In the second, the" President
with his suite in the middle."
. Current History for January opens with
a graphic and discriminating article on
the career and character of the great Chi
nese Viceroy, LI Hung Chang, written by
Richard Gleason Greene. A portrait of
Earl LI serves as frontispiece. The usual
careful review of the course and status
of the world's affairs is presented in' a
number that promises well for the work
to be done in this valuable compend for
the year to corned International problems
and the events of the day in all lands are
presented with impartiality and clearness.
Some of the special cover titles are: "The
Situation in the East," "British Concen
tration Campg," "Movements in Europe,"
"Miss Stone— Who is Responsible?" "The
Manufacturers and Reciprocity," "Exclu
sion of the Chinese," "Operations on the
Isthmus of Panama" and "Prohibition in
Canada." Portraits, maps and views
brighten the pages and illustrate the read-
Ins matter.
advantages of both the Nicaragua and
Panama routes and sums it all up in the
sentence: "In view of the unreasonably
high price put upon their rights and
property by the New Panama Canal Com
pany the Nicaragua route must be taken
as the most "practicable and feasible* for
the construction of a ship canal by the
United States Government."
"Men With Pasts" Is the history' of a
group of men whom the world has used
ill, and who have used the world ill. An
ex-soldier of unenviable reputation rents
a miserable dwelling:, which ha makes into
a tavern for vagabonds. Th$ story" de
scribes the peope who collect there until
there comes a time when the proprietor is
carried off to prison. Some of the dwell
ers in the hovel are clever men, but all
have turned - whatever promise was In
them Into a cunning which Is exercised
merely in supplying the means of prolong
ing: a worthless existence. They spend
much of their time in exchanging views
upon subjects which interest them. These
conversations are written with a skill
which makes , them revelations of, the
motives actuating the conduct of crea
tures who possess natures such as theirs.
"Up to this point I had thought that Kono
valoff had been changed by his vagrant life,
that the excrescences of 'sadness which were
on hid heart during thf first period' of our ac
quaintance had . fallen 'away from him, like
a busk, from the actbns of the free air which
he had breathed during those yean; but the
tcne of his last phrase rehabilitated before me
my friend as still the same man, seeking a
point of support for himself, whom I had
known before. Th« came Ignorance la the
face' of life, and venom of thoughts about It.
were still corroding that powerful' form, which
had been born, to its misfortune, with a sensi
tive heart. There are many such 'meditative'
people in Russian life, and they are ail more
unhappy than any one else, because the heavi
ness of, their meditations is augmented by the
blindness of their minds."
" 'Well, so far as you are concerned, I say
it again,' continued Konovaloff. 'Don't you
live in town. What is there there? Noth
ing: but 111 health and disorder. Books?
¦Well. I think you must have read books
enough by this time! You certainly weren't
born for that • • • Yes, and books are
trash! Well, buy one, and put it in your wal
let, and start out. Do you want to go to
Tashkend with me? Or to Samarkand, or
where? ... And then . we -u have a
try at the Amur — Is it a bargain? I. my boy,
have made up my mind to walk over the
earth In various directions — that's the very
best thing: to do. • • • You walk along,
and you're always seeing: something: new.
• • • And you don't think of anything.
• • • The breeze blows in your face, and
It seems to drive all sorts of dust out of your
soul. You feel light-hearted and free. • _• •
Nobody Interferes with you; If you feel hungTy.
you come to a halt, and earn half a ruble by
some sort of work; if there isn't any work,
you ask for bread, and you'll get it In that
way you'll tee a great deal of the world, at
any rate. • • • All sorts of beauty.'
• • • 'Oho!'— the little Kusslan shook his
head — "if we could only manage to gret a fur
coat, or a warm hut for the winter, we'd live
like lords.' • • • He screwed up one
eye and looked at Konovaloff with. a laugh.
" J We-ell,' said. the latter, abashed, 'winter
!• . ' • ' * a thrice-accursed time. Towns
are really needed for the winter • • •
you can't cet along without them. • • •
Of course, when you come to think of it,
there'r no room for a man either in th» town,
or In the steppe, or anywhere else. But it's
better not to think of such things • • •
you can't think out anything, and you only
harrow your soul.' • • •
"±4.onovaloff" is a pathetic story of a
journeyman baker. This man is a hand
some, noble fellow, an adept at his trade.
His character has one grave defect,
which in the end proves fatal to him.
He is subject to terrible fits of despond
ency against which he is powerless to
struggle. During them he loses all care
for his work and enters upon a season
of dissipation, which is ended only when
he has spent everything of which he is
possessed. Then Konovaloff, for such is
his name, goes to work again. He re
mains sober and industrious until he feels
himself once again in the grip of/melan
cholia. Kanovanoff does not know how
to read, yet he has a passion for books.
He pays a fellow-workman to read to
him certain stories which he has grown
to love. The tales of the noble deeds of
heroes fire his soul, while the injustice
-with which some of them meet arouses in
him rebellion against the harsh decrees
of fate. Always a sensitive, thoughtful
fellow, what Konovaloff learns from
books serves to make him brood the
more upon the inequalities of social con
ditions and the mystery of existence. In
a. moment of despondency Konovaloli.
commits suicide. For some time before
this he has led the life of a tramp. It
is during his life as a wanderer that there
takes place the scene in which Konova
loff himself gives a hint of the reason
for the failure of such lives as his:
"So you sen, Maxim Cavvatievltch. It ralseil
me up, and then dashed me down. So I never
performed any heroic deed. Even to this day,
I lonr to distinguish myself in some way.
• • " I'd like to smash up the whole earth
into dust, or assemble a gang ol comrades
and kill off all the Jews , • * • down to
the very last one! Or, In general, something
which would set me above all men, so that I
could £T>it on them from a height. • • •
And say to them: 'Ah, you reptiles! Why do
you" live? How do you live? You're a pack
of hypocritical rascals, that's what you are!"
And then, I'd kick up my : heel3 from above or
there below, and • ? • they'd smash
into bits! Ye-s, so I would! Devil take it
• • • it's tiresome! And a!i, how tire
some and narrow life is to me! • ' • •
I thought, when I got rid of Matreshka: 'Come,
now. Grlnya, sail away into freedom, the an
chor's weighed!" ' On the contrary, it didn't
come out that was — the channel was shallow 1
Stop! And I ran aground. • • • But I
shan't dry up, never fear! I shall display my
self! How? — the devil only knows that!
• • • My wife? Well. I consign her to
all the devils! Does a man like me want v.
wife? • • • What should I do with he.r,
• • • when I feel drawn In all fouf
quarters at ... *. • • • I was born with
uneasiness in my heart • • • and It is
my fate to be a tramp! The very best position
in the world Is free — and yet cramped! I've
walked and ridden in all directions • • •
and found no consolation. ... u o i
drink? Of course, and what of that? Vodka
extinguishes the heart, all the same. • • •
And my .heart burns with a treat Ore.
• • • Everything is repulsive — towns,
villages, people of different calibers. • - • «
Faugh! Can't anything better be invented:'
They're all down on one another • * •
I'd like to choke the whole lot of them! En.
life, you're the devil's great wisdom!' "
A lit of anger so Intense as to amount
to temporary madness seizes upon Or
loff. Duringr it he abuses the officers of
the hospital, who send him from the
place. He leaves Matrena and goes off
alone. Some years are supposed to
elapse before Orion! and Matrena again
appear upon the scene. When they du.
Matrena is holding a position of trust
in a school. lo\-ed and respected by all
who know her. Orion! has become a
drunkard and a tramp. After a'l. the
aspirations toward a life of wider oppor
tunities of development, which Orloff sup
posed himself to feel,/were but the false
appearance of what was in reality the
dissatisfaction of a soul that hated every
thing—that was as little content with th*
goodness existirig in the world as it wa?
with its own inherent evil. Of his state
of mind Orion! says:
• • • And you shriek at. me! • • •
Do youthink that I'm a wild beast? A drunk
ard, and — that's the end cf It? Eh. j you
* • • you woman! You wooden" • • "
A flood of daring, of passionate long
ing to overturn everything to tear the con
fuelon out of his bunted soul, overwhelmed
Gr'shka (Orloff), in a burning tide. It seemed
to him he would now do something unusual,
and. at the same time, deliver his dark soul
from the entanglements which now held it in
bondage.
permanent feature of Saturn, or will. In tha
course of time, be destroyed." (Published by D.
Applcton & Co.. New York. Price, $l-20.>
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
12
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHAT
I Howard V. Sutherland— (
fBiggs'sBar
Klondyke Ballads.
Read «PfmpJr Pdc*— • £
• The Davson Qjr Rm<y •
| • Omar £n Die Kland^bc."
75c
Elder and Sbcpard
238 POST STCEEI r
o o
NOW ISSUED.
Charles Warren Stoddard's
"In the Footprints
of the Padres."
Mr. Stoddard sets forth in this
work his recollections of early
days in California. Beautifully
illustrated. Book collectors
should place orders at once in or-
der to secure copies of first edi-
tion.
PRICE S1.5O NET.
A. M. ROBERTSON,
- Publisher. 126 Post Street.
o 6THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
OJCB cf the raort pleasSnr evidences
of the progress in art culture In
R«ti Francisco is the fact that the
owners of almost all the fine resi
dences recently erected have availed,
themselves of the art of either painter
or scu]j>tor to enhance the interior dec
oration. Many of these homes have
beautiful mural paintings or ceiling dec
orations", but to Charles Ackeiman be
longs the distinction cf having obtained
the first and as yet the only sculptured
Interior frieze in this city- The Acker
tnim residence on the comer oX Van Xess
avenne and Broadway, which In itself Is
a fine specimen of artlstio architecture,
was designed by M. J. Lyons, architect,
and the Interior In particular Is one of
txwnty. eles&nce and refinement- 'Fw < **i
room is distinctive in its decorative ef
fects of color and ornamentation. The
dining room, which contains the frieze
(portions of which, are here illustrated).
tires modeled In bas-relief and nearly
life size- Their seml-nudlty allows the
sculptor a fine opportunity to display his
well known ability in delineating the
human form. Although the layman may
admire the effects in this completed form,
only an artist can appreciate the diffi
culties that have been bo ably worked
out to bring that result. Every figure Is
instinct with life and energry and yet so
low are they modeled that in no place is
the relief more than three Inches in
height.
On the north wall Is portrayed the
spring, in the center panel of which is
the Goddess of Spring (Fig. 1), flanked
on either side by male flgurea represent
ing 1 youthful Fans. Surmounting the
buttresses, to the right and left of the
center panel and over the mantel are
satyr heads. The beautiful conception
of harmony and love is deftly carried out
by the artist. In the spring panel to the
tlful pastoral scene, the motive' of the
three panels on this northerly wall being
essentially that of youth and bounteous
nature. These three panels are united in
design by a background in which one may
discern a fine suggestion of a landscape,
¦whish Is carried around the entire room,
forming a connecting link With the vari
ous panels and gradually changing its
aspect as one season merges into the
next. Turning from the nor^h wall to the
east wall we behold the depiction of the
summer season. The one to the left of
the central panel shows the 1 .harvester
and his wife (Fig. 4) before' a primi
tive altar offering 1 up their thanks for a
bountiful harvest. On the other side of
the central figure in this summer scene
are shown the reapers (Fig. 5) "at work.
In ;he center of this group Is shown the
open book cf life, which will be re
ferred to later on. •
Turning to the southerly wall the
ts tipholsiered In red leather, which forms
a rich contrast to the massive black oak
woodwork, above which at a height of
eight feet from the floor the frieze ex
tends around the room for a distance of
ninety feet. This frieze, which Is the
¦work of Kobert L Altken, the well known
eculptor cf this city, is symbolical of the
four ecatons of life. The entire frieze
contalr.3 upward of twenty or thirty flg-
right of the central figure parents and
children (Fig. 2) are disporting in mirth
ful dee, while at the side of the elder
child is seen the crafty and agile chetah,
one of the fiercest of the beasts of the
forest, and yet which has beentrained to
domesticity, * and with gentle and placid
spirit Is mingling- in the ball-tossing
sport. On the other panel composing, the
spring group (Fig. 3) is depicted a beau-
autumn ecene Is shown, ..which has for Its
motif the grape. (Figs. 6 and 7.) Here we
find the figures more mature in form and
appearance, and the apple blossoms of
spring have been replaced by vines. - In
the center of this autumn scene is por
trayed the harvest moon. (Fig. 8.) On the
westerly wall is the winter scene (Fig. 9),
in . which a mother bending . over
a sluggish fire of wood nestles ;¦ to ' her
breast her ; little chlld,r while near .by an
elder ; child' is stirring the dying embers
into a blaze. > In this ; panel we find the
one fully draped figure,, that of the moth
er... In the center of the. winter panel the
artist has presented the book of life, now
closed. ; These ,; two | panels— the \ book of
life opened and closed, : one set in the sum
mer scene arid j the other in the | winter—
stand in strong contrast and facing each
other. (Figs. 10 and '11.) They represent,
respectively, the .fullness, of life and the
bitterness of death. In each panel the
center is occupied by a small winged idol.
In the summer group this figure holds' In
his hand the open tablets of life., On.the
sides are, . respectively, .; a male and' a j fe
male figure, each holding aloft an Infant
as if in thankfulness to the. god of life.
On ' (he opposite lid* of ¦ the winter panel
is reproduced the three main figures,
those" upon .the sides bending in sorrow
and despair over funeral urns, which rest
upon the altar in front of the idol, who
now with bowed head clos,es In silence the
book of life and clasps It tightly to hi a
breast. In refined conception and poetic
imagery these two panels have rarely, If
ever, been excelled in - sculpture. Taken
as a whole the effect of the frieze, is one
of striking beauty and richness. Its cost
liness, however, -will probably preclude Its
like being reproduced In many homes.
. The mechanical work of tinting: and
. bronzing alone took three men more than
: four months, while the work of modeling
in clay occupied Mr. Altken's. time for a
much longer period.
Art connoisseurs who hare Judged this
frieze say that It will tax Altken's genius
to the utmost to create a more splendid
production.
A NOTABLE EXAMPLE OF HOUSE DECORATION"For two hours before sundown the ket-'
tie tenders is howlin' an' callin' the dance
throughout the Osage camp. Thar's to be
a full moon, an 1 the dance— the Ingraska
it is— a dance them Osages buys from the
Poncas for eight ponies— is to come off in
a big, high-board corral called the 'round
house.'
"Followin* the first yell of the kettle
tenders, the young bucks begins to paint
up for the hilarity. You-all might see 'em
all over camp, for it's August weather
an the walls of the tents an' tepees is
looped up to let in the cool, daubin' the
ochre on their faces an', braidin' the feath
ers into their ha'r. This organizin' for a
baile ain't no bagatelle, an' two hours is
the least .wherein any se'f-respectin' buck,
who s out to- make a center shot on. the
admiration of the squaws an' envy of
rival bucks, can lay claim on them pig
ments, so he paints away at his -face,
plenty careful an' ace'rate, slzin' upre
sults meanwhile in a-baby lookin'-glass.
At last he's done, radiant as a rainbow,
an after garterin' each laig with a beit
of sleighbells jest below the knee he reg
yards himse'f with a fav'rable eye an' al
lows he's doo to make a Impression.:
-. j'Each buck arrives at the Round-House
with hl3 blanket wropped ; over his head,
so as not. to bl'ndUhe onwary with his
splendors. 'It's mebby second drink time
after sundown an' the full, moon is
swlngin' -. above plenty effulgent. > The
bucks who's doo to dance sets about one
side of the Round-House on a board
bench; the squaws— not bein' in none on
the proposed activities— occupies the other
half..squattin'. oa the ground." Some of
em'packs their papposes, tied on a fancy
ribboned, highly beaded' board, an' this
they makes a cradle, of by restln' one
end on the ground an' "the other on their
foot, rockin' the I same with a motion of
the : _ foot. • Thar's V a .half hoop over the
r.ead-end of these yere papoose boards,
hung with bells for the papoose to get
Infantile action on that a-way an' amoose
his leesure. . ¦ ,-':;•
r"The bucks settin' about their, side of
the -Round-House still- wrops themse'fs
In their blankets, so as not to dazzle, them
squaws ; to death prematoor. At last the
music peals forth. What is - she? The
music confines itse'f to a' bass drum
paleface drum it is— which is staked out
ton's hurdy-gurdy a season of purest so
cial elevation that a-way. An' yet they
pulls off their fandango with a heap of
nerve, an' I've no doubt they shore en
joys it , . ,~< ,-; ;
"Anyhow, all of Bill's fam'ly comes
trallin' . in to this yere powwow about
pickin* out a squaw for Bill. Besides
Crooked Claw, thar's Bill's widow aunt,
the Wild Cat— she's plumb cunnln', the
Wild Cat is, an' is just then bein'
cel'brated among the Osages for
smokin' ponies with Black B'ar. a old
buck, an r smokin' Black Bear out of his
two best cayouses— an' besides them two,
thar's The-man-who-bleeds, The-man
who-sleeps, Tom Slx-klller, The-man-who
steps-high, an' a dozen other squaws an'
bucks, incloosif of Bill's mother, who's
called The Silent Comanche, an' is takin'
the play plumb steady an* livin' up to
her name. . -
"These folks sets 'round an' smokes
Crooked Claw's kinnikinick. Then the
Wild Cat starts in to deal the game. She
says' it's time Bill's married, as a onraar
ried buck is a menace; at this the others:
grunt3 agreement. Then they turns in to
make a grand round-up of all the el'gible
young squaws. Which they shorely shows
up them belles a whole lot. One after the
other they're drug over the coals. At
last the Wild Cat mentions the Saucy
Willow, jest as every savage ' present
knows will be done, soon or late, from tho
jump. The Saucy Willow gets a speshul
an' onusuai run for her money. But it's
settled final, that while the Saucy Wil
low ain't none too good, still she's the
best they can do. The Saucy Willow be
longs to the Elk clan, while Bill belongs
to the B'ar clan,- an' "that, at .least is
c'rrect. Injuns don't believe in in-breedin'
so they allers marries out of their clan
that a-way. /
"As soon as they settles on the Saucy
-Willow as Bill's squaw they turns loose,
to make up the 'price.' The Wild Cat.
who's rich, donates a kettle, a side oi
beef, an' them two cayouses she smokes
.outen. the , ediotic. Black B'ar that time.
The rest chucks in accordin' to their
means. Crooked Claw comin' up strong
with ten ponies; an Bill's mother, the Si
lent Comanche. showin' down with a bolt
of calico, two buffalo robes, a gack of
flour an' a lookin' glass. This yere plun
der is to go to the Saucy Willow's folks
as a 'price' for the squaw. No, they
don't win on the play; the Saucy Willow's
parents is out dinero on them nuptials
when all is done.
"When Bill's outfit's fully organized an'
as ranch hard labor done In a Injun
camp in a week — ain't as much to do, as
gets transacted at* one of them rooral
oyster suppers to raise money for the
preacher!
"Saucy Willow, is up oy the damaged
rag-s.tick.buck, lendin'- a mouthful or two
of', cl'ar, bell-like alto, yelps to the'har
mony, of the evenin'. Bill, who's a won
der in feathers an' bells, an* whose color
scheme would drive a temp'rance lectur
er to drink, .while zippin' about in the
moonlight, gets his eye on; her. -Mighty'
likely. -Bill's smitten, but he. don't let -on
none; the fam'ly " like I relates former,
allers ropin' up a gent's bride. It's good
bettln* thisyere Saucy; Willow counts up
Bill. If she does, however— no more than
does. Bill— she .never tips her hand. The
Saucy Willow yelps' on onconcerned, ' liko
"After your eyes ; gets used to all this
w'irlin' an* skating an', shootin'' an' Weav
in'«ln an' out, you notes two bucks, paint
ed to a" finish an' feathered to the stars!'
who simply, out-skoots an' . out-w'irls an''
out-skates -them fellow bucks of theirs
like four to one. They gets their nose a
little lower "one time, an' -then stands
higher in the air another, than is possi
ble to the next: best buck. Them onthoo
siasts ain't; Osages at all; which they're
niggers a ¦ whole lot— full-blooded Sene
gambians -they be, who's done j'ined- tho ,
tribe. ' These Round-House: festivals with
the paint, the feathers an' the .bells, shore
fills their .top' cal hearts plumb full; an'
forgettin'r all about the white - folks an'
their ways, they're, ondoubted, the big
gest'Injuns to shake a heel that night.
.."It's jest as well they does. If you-all
looks clost you observes a brace of bucks,
an' each packin' a blacksnake whip.
Them's kettle tenders— floor mahagin' the
baile they be; an' if a buck who's dancin'
that a-way gets preeoccupied thinkin'
of something else an' takes to prancln'
an' dancin', some, listless, the' way them
kettle tenders pours the leather, into -him
to remind 'him his. fits of -abstraction is
bad form don't bother 'em a bit. An'
it ain't < no 'bad idee; said kettle . tenders
shore promotes what Colonel Sterett calls
the 'elan' of the "other dancin' bucks no
end. - • : * • • : v ¦ ¦
In the moonlight with a subdooed but sav
age elegance. Then they skates out onto
the grass, stllt-laig, • an' each buck for
himself. They go skootin' about an'
weave an' turn an' twist among each oth
er like these yere water-bugs jiggin' it
on the surface of some pond. Sometimes
a buck'U lay his nose along the ground
while he dances— sleigh bells jinglin'.
feathers tossin'! Then he'll straighten up
ontil he looks like he's eight foot tall. All
throw themse'f s loose /with a heap of
heart an' sperit.
"Bill breaks rocks two days. The other
Osages comes an' perches about, sympa
thetic, an* surveys Bill. They exhorts
him to be firm; they gives it out cold In
Osage that he's a patriot.
"Bill's willin 1 to be a Osage patriot as
the game is commonly dealt, but when his
love of country done takes the form of
poundln* rocks, them noble sentiments
which yeretofore bubbles in Bill's breast
sort o* commences to pall on Bill a lot,
an' he ain't none shore but what trow
sers is right. By second drink time— only
savages don't drink none, the gov'ment
barrin' nose paint on account of it makin'
'em too gala an' exyooberant— by second
drink time the second evenin' Bill lays
down his hand— pitches his hammer into
the diskyard that, a-way; an* when I
crosses up with him. Bill's that abject an*
tame, he even wears a necktie. When Bill
yields the agent meets him half way. an'
him an* Bill rigs a deal whereby Bill ar
rays himse'f Osage fashion whenever his
hand's crowded, formal, by tribal cus
toms. Other times Bill inhabits trowsers;
an* blankets an' feathers is rooled out. :
"Shore, I talks with Bill's father, old
Crooked Claw. This yere savage Is the
ace-kyard of Osage land as a fighter. No,
that outfit ain't been on the warpath for
twenty years, when I sees 'em; then it's
with Boggs' old pards, the Utes. I asks
old Crooked Claw if he likes war. He al
lows that, nacherally, he dotes on • car
nage an' goes forth to battle as joobilant
as a drunkard to a shootln' match. That
" 'Which the issue is trowsers,' says this
yere obdurate agent sport; 'an' I'll keep
you-all whackin' away at them bowlders
while the cliff lasts onless you yields.
Thar's none of you young Osage bucks
goin' to bluff me, an' that's whatever.'
"Then he claps Bill in irons a heap de
cisive an' plants him up ag'in the high
face of a rock bluff which has been frown
in* down on Bird River ever since Adam
makes his first camp. Then/this earnest
agent, puttin* a hammer into Bill's hand,
sets him to breakin' rock.
"It's then Bill gets high an' puts it up
he'll wear clothes to suit himse'f. Bill
denounces trowsers as foolish in their con
struction an* fallacious in their plan.
Bill allows they've a heap bad scheme,
trowsers is; an' then ho defies the agent.
Bill stands pat on blankets an' feathers. .
" 'Which you will, will you!' remarks
this agent.
been to school an* learned about the- vJr
choos of pants. Nacherally, I looks for
you to set examples.'
"It's one of the excellentest things
about a Injun that he don't pick' out no
wife personal, deemin' himse'f most likely
as too locoed to beat so difficult a game.
"'Or mebby,'. as I - observes • to Texas
Thompson one time in the Red i Light
when ¦ him an' me's dlscussin* of Injuns,
'or mebby it's because he's that callous he
don't care, or that idle an' shiftless he
won't take trouble none for-hiinse'f." . v:
"'Whatever's the reason,' says Texas,
heavin* a sigh, 'thar's much to be said in
praise of them customs. If they only ob
tains among the Whites, thar's one sport,
not onknown to : me, who would ¦¦'; shore
have passed up some heartaches. Tou can
bet a boss, no fam'ly of mine would ever
pick out the lady who beats me for that
divorce back in Laredo, to be no spouse
of Texas Thompson; Said household's got
too much eavey . to make sech Imbecile
breaks.'
"While as I states, a Osage don't select
that squaw of his, still I allers entertains
a theery that he sort o' savoys what he's
ag'inst, an', that no he'pmeet gets sawed
"This yere Bill Connors has now been
wanderin' through this vale of tears .for
mebby she's twenty odd years, ah' accord
in' to Osage tennets. Bill's doo a whole lot
to get wedded. No, Bill don't make no
move; he comports himse'f lethargic;
which the reesponsibiltles of them nup
tials devolves on Bill's fam'ly. "
"An' at this old Crooked Claw tosses
the bunch of Ute top-knots to one of his
squaws, fills up his redstone pipe with
kinnikinnick an' begins to smoke, lookin'
as complacent as a Missouri catfish -door'
in' a Joone rise. Which I tells this anec
dote so as you-all gains a sidelight on
how idiotic them savages counts up . the
odds of a game.
an* strong', Vat his heart Is bad— he Is a
poor knife in a good sheath. So I don't
waste a bullet on him, seein' his fear, but
kills him with my war axe. Still, he
raises the chances ag'inst me to twelve
to one, so after that I goes careful an'
slow. I sends in my young men; but sort
o' hankers an' hungers about the suburbs
of the racket myse f , takin' no resks, an'
on the prowl for a cinch— some sech pick
up as a sleeper, mebby. v But my 'leventh
is my last, that a-way; the Great Father
gets tired with us an' he sends his walk
a-heaps an' buffalo soldiers — these yere
savages calls them -niggers "buffalo sol
diers," bein' they're that woolly— an'
makes us quit. Which we'd a-had the
Utes too dead to skin if it ain't for them
obnoxious walk-a-heaps an* buffalo sol
diers that time.'
¦ " 'Don't they have no roast dog at that
war Jig?' asks Dan Boggs, that evenin*
1 m reiatin these reminiscences to Peets.
" 'No,' I says; 'Osages don't eat no
fiogs.' • V- ' * :-: t: .
"'It's different with Utes a whole lot,'
says Dan. 'Which Utes regyards dogs
plenty fav'rable, deemin' of 'em as a
mighty sucyoolent dish. The time I'm
with the Utes, they pulls off a shindig
"tea dance" It is. an' as what Hugfrfns
•would call on the programmes of his Bird
Cage Op'ry House "a s»tar feacher,". they
tips an* roasts a white dog. That canino
Is shore fat. They lays him on his broad,
he'pless back an' shets off his wind with
a stick cross-wise of his neck that a-way,
an' two bucks pressln* on the ends: When
"It's the third day after Black Dog's
•war dance, an' Bill, all paint, blankets
an' feathers, is sa'nterin' about Pawhus
ky, taking life easy an' Injun lashion.
It's then the agent meets Bill an' sizes
him up. The agent asks Bill does he
stand in on this yere Black Dog war
dance.
"Bill attends the war dance an* shines.
Also, being* praised by the medicine men
an* older bucks for quittin' his paleface
duds; an' findin' that old-time blanket an'
breech-clout easy an* saloobrious— which
Bill plumb forgets their feel in his four
years at that sem'nary— he adheres to
'em. This ycre lapse into aboriginal ways
brews trouble for Bill; he gets up ag'inst
the agent.
"Old Black Dog, a leadin' sharp among
the Osages, is goin' about with a dab of
clay in his ha'r. an' wearin' his most torn
an' ornery blanket. That's because Black
Dog is In mournin' for a squaw of his
\rho stampedes over the Big Divide, meb
by it's two months prior. Black Dog's
mourpln' has got dealt down to the turn
like; an' windin* up his grief an' tears,
Osage fashion, he gives a war dance.
Shore; them savages rings in a war dance
on all sorts of cer'monies. It don't allers
mean they're hostile, an' about to sprad
dle forth on missions of blood. Like I
states. Black Dog, who's bone to the end
of his mournful lariat about that departed
squaw, turns himse'f loose for a war
dance; an' he nacherally invites the Osage
nation to get in on the festiv'ties.
"Accordln" to the rooles of the game,
pore Bill, jest back from that school, has
got to cut In. Or he has his choice be
tween bein' fined a pony, or takin' a lick-
In* with mule whips In the enthoosiastic
hands of a brace of Kettle tenders, whose
delight aa well as dooty it is to mete out
said punishment. Bill can't afford to go
shy a pony; an' as he's loath to accept
them larrupin's, he wistfully organizes to
shake a moccasin at tne baile. An* as
nothin' but feathers, blankets an' breech
clouts goes at a war dance— the same
bein' Osage dress clothes that a-way, an'
the social rooles plumb severe; costoomes
havin' to be what Colonel Sterrett de
scribes in the Coyote once as de rigorous
— Bill shucks his paleface garments an'
arrays himse'f after the breezy fashion of
his ancestors.
•"But speakin' of Bill Connors: In
Wolfviile — which them* days is the only
part cf my c'rter whereof I'm proud an*
reviews with onmlxed satisfaction— Doc
Peets is like you a whole lot, bein' in
quis'tive tuuenin' Injuns. Peets allow
that seme day he's doo to write books
about '4SB. "U hich in eff hours, an' when
we-ail is more or less at leesure over
our Vaiity Tar., Peeis tomes explorin'
luund i.ur detail frequent, i imparts all
i tave^ ai>out tins Bill Com.ors, an'
likewise tech ctber aborigines as lives
in my mcia'ry, tiitae us 1 does now lo
vuu Still, it sliuttes my estimates of
i-ecls to nnd him e^ger over injuns, they
bein' plum low mi debasin' as topics.
J Siiys as much to Peets.
•• -.rN.e\er you-all wind about me,' says
Peet^. "1 Knows so rcucu about white
lolits it tomes might clust to makin' me
sick. 1 stfcks news of Injuns as a re
htf an' to promote a average in favor
ot the species.'
"This vere Bill Connors is a good-look
in' young Osage buck when i cuts his
uaii"; straight as a lunce ana' strong an'
tireltst- as a bronco. It's about six years
Bltcr them plnlaninrofisis ropes onto Bill
an' drug him oft to a scnool. You-atl on
uerstanus about a phiiunthrofist— one of
ititte vere sports uno's ailers out inj
pnma. some paity's conaition in a wny
t*ic ¦nurtv who s improved don't like.
- 'jk. iniilantnronsi,' says Colonel Sterett
cne time' whoa Dan Boggs demands riiuu
esp'anations at his hanus; 'pnuanthronst
ihat a-way is a stranger gent wno insjsis
on you-aii giviii' some other stranger gem
your money." •'. ...
"l- or myse'f, however, I regyards th<=:
Colonel'* definition us too narrow. Tioi
phiLtnihroiy l»as a heap cf other things
to it tliet's jest as onrea.aOlia.bie an' wnicu
aot'i Dot taCMJoae them iisca.1 feachers
ine'.iUoiitd by Lbe Coionel.
••^.s I'm s>ay:n': these yere v.-ell meanin
though uarfcened sports, the philanthro
libUs runs Bill uown- it's mebby when he's
fourteen, only Injuns Uon't keep tab oil
their yeiirs nuiie — an' immures him a heap
in one oi thc:n gov'rnent schools. It's ihen
LiU gets nib r.ame, "liill Connors.' Before
he cavorts about the scene, free an' wild
an' happy, ondcr the Injun app'lation oi
tne "Jbck. Raboit.'
"Shore:, liill 's sire— a savage who's 'way
vp i:i the picture kyards, he is, an' who's
called -Crooked Claw' because of his left
hand bein' out cf line with a Ute arrer
through it long ago— gives his consent lo
Bill jinin' that sem'nary. Crooked Claw
eaii't he'p ninise'f; he's powerless; tiie
Great Father is backin' the play of tne
phiianthroiists.
" 'Which the Great Father is too many
fcr Crooked Cla-.v,' gays this yere parent,
commentiii' on his helplessness that time.
1-iUi's gone canterin' up to his old gent to
remonstrate a lot: not fiungerin' for learn
in' an' Crooked Ciaw says this to Hiill
The Great l'athcr is too many for Crook
ed Claw; an' too strong. Ycu must go *to
school us the Great Father orders. It is
right.. Tiie longest speur is right."
"Bill is rebranded like I says, 'Bill Con
nors,' an' then he's done bound down to
tnem books. After four years Bill grady
ocates; he's got the limit, a.n' the philan
thropists takes Bill's hobbles oil an'
throws him loose with the idee that Bill
will go back to his tribe folks an' teach
'em to read. Bill conies back, shore, an'
is at once the Usage laughin' stock for
wearln* paletace clothes. Also, the medi
cine men tells Bill he'll uie for talkln'
paleface talk an' sportin' a paieface sh.rt,
an' yere prophecies preys on Bill,
who s eager to live a heap an' ain't none
ready to cash in. Bill gets back into
blankets an' feathers in about a month.
It's this a-way:
••This yere cMmley draws plenty suc
cessful," commented my friend. "Which
it almost breaks even with a chimley I
constructs ence in my log camp On the
Upper Red. That^led River floo is a
wonder! Draw? Son. it could draw four
kyards an' make a flush. But the camp
of mine on the Upper Red is over eight
thousand feet above the sea, as I'm in
formed by a passel of surveyor sharps
who comes romuncin' through the hills
once with a spy glass on three pegs; an'
high altitoods that a-way proves a heap
txilemtin' to a fire.
•* Y ACKERALLT, If you-all Is fret-
Aj tin' to hear about Injuns," ob
( \] served the Old Cattleman in re
\ V ply to my latest request. "I bet
\» ter enfold how that Osage Bill
Connors gets his wife. N'ot that thar's
trouble in roundin' up this yere squaw;
none whatever. She comes plumb easy;
ail the same said tale clab'rates them
savage customs you're so cur'ous con
cernin*." y
My companion arose and kicked to
gether the logs in the lireplace, which
was one of the great room's comforts.
They leaped into much accession of
flame; and crackled into sparks; and
these went gossiping up the mighty
chimney, their little fiery voices making
a low, soft, roaring like the music of
bees.
Copyright. 1902, by Robert Howard Russell.*
THAT OS^GE
BTUt, CONNORS-
he's good an* dead, an' all without no
suffoosion of blood, the Utes singes his
fur off in a fire an' then bakes him as he
is. I partakes of that dog — some. I don't
nacherally lay for said repast, full tooth
ed an' reemorseless, like it's flapjacks — I
don't gorge myse'-f none; but when I'm in
Rome, I plays their system an' strings
my chips with the Romans, so I takes a
brace an* sort o' eats baked dog with the
Utes. Otherwise I'd hurt their sensibili
ties; an' I ain't out to harrow up no en
tire tribe an' me playin' a lone hand.'
"That agent questions Bill as to them
•war-dance carryin's on of old Black Dog.
Then he p'ints at Bill's blankets an'
feathers, an' shakes his head a heap dis
approbatif.
" 'Shuck them blankets ah' feathers,'
says ,the agent, 'an' get back into your
trowsers a whole lot. Be plumb sudden
about it, too. I puts up with the divers
an* sundry rannilcabooisms of old an'
case-hardened Injuns who's savage an*
ontaught But you're different. You'v*
is, Crooked Claw goes curvin* off to war,
joyful, at first. Later, he says, his glee
is a heap subdooed because of the big
chances he's takin'. ' Then he lugs out
'leven skelps, all Ute,- an' elooMdates.
" 'This yere first maverick,', says Crook
ed Claw— of course, I gives him in the
American tongue, not bein' equal to that
reedie'lous broken Osage he talks— "this
yere. first maverick,' an' he strokes the
braided ha'r of a old an' smoke-dried
skelp, .'is easy. The chances that a-way
is even. Number two, of course, is twice
as hard; an' when I snags onto number
three— I downs that hold-up over by the
base- of Fishers Peak— the chances has
done mounted to three to one ag'in me.
So it goes on, gettin' h\jher"an* higher,
ontil when I corrals my 'leventh, it's
shore 'leven to one he wins onless he's
got klllin's of his own to stand off mine.
Which I don't reckon none he has,
though,' says Crooked Claw, curlln' his
nose plenty contemptuous. 'He's heap big
squaw — a coward; -an' would hide from
ma like a. ouaiL He looks big an* brave
off on him blind.-Whicn I flggers, for all
he don't ldt on, this yere is the sityooation
in the marital adventures of Bill. His
fam'ly picks this Saucy Willow out for
Bill; but it's two to one he signs up the
lady-to some discreet member of his out
fit before ever they p'ints out to make the
play. '
"'8aucy Wil!ow for a savage is pretty
pretty as a pinto hoss — a sort o' savage
sunburst.- Which Her parent, old Strike
Axe, is a. morose but common form of
Oeage, plumb strong financial, ' with a
bunch of cattle an' more'n two hundred
ponies. . Bill pets his first glimpse after
he -comes- back from school of this yeio
lovely Saucy Willow at a dance. This
ain't no war,dance, nor any cer'mohious
splurge; it's merely a informal merry
makin'. all innocent an' free, same as Is
usual with us, say, at the Wolfviile dance
hall. • Shore, them Osages lacks • guitars
an' fiddles, an' thar's no barkeep nor nose
paint — none, in trooth, of them fav'rable
adjuncts that makes a evenln' in Hamil-
hor'zontal about . a foot high from th*
grass, * in the center. The orchestra Is a
decrepit -buck with a rag-wropped stick,
who beats the drum, chantin' at the same
time a highly pensif. refrain. Mebby a
half dozen squawd, with-no papooses yet
to distract 'ern. sort o' camp3 'round this
yere vlrchewoso with the ra?stick, an*
yoonites their girlish howls with his. No,
you-all can put down a bet- it don't re
mind you none of nightingales or mockin*
birds; but them savages likes it. Which
,they- simply seems- to. wallow In said
warbljn's! But to me, they're more calc'
lated to loco a henhawk than to furnish
inspiration , for a dunce.
..' r 'Tunk! tunk! tunic! tunk'' goes this
yere rag-stidc buck, ! while the squaws
chorus along in with 'Hy-yah! hy-yah!
hy-yah-y'ah-yjih! . Hy-yah! hy-yah! hy
yah-yah-yah!' an' all plenty grievous, an'
make no mistake!
"At»the first 'tunk!' the bucks stiffen to
their feet an' cast off the blankets. Fea.th
crs, paint, an' bells! they bjaze an' tinkle
her only dream of life is to show the
coyotes what vocal failures they be.
•^It's a week after this yere Ingraska
dance an' Bill's fam'ly.hold a round-up
to pick Bill out a squaw. He an': present
none, bavin' the sense to go squanderin
off to play Injun poker with some Osage
sports he hears has money over on Grey
hoss Creek. Bill's family makes quite
a herd that a-way; | bucks an' squaws
buttin' in on the discussion permiscus an
indiscrim'nate. Shore! the squaws has as
much to say as the bucks among Injuns.
They owns their own ponies an" backs
their own play, an' is as big a Injun as
anybody, ailowin' for that nacheral dif
ferance between squaw dooties an' buck
dooties — one keeps camp while the other
hunts — or war times, one protects the
herds an' plunder; while the other faces
the foe. You hears that squaws is slaves?
However is anybody goin' to be a slave
where thar's as near nothin' to do -in the
¦way of work that a-way as is possible
an" let a hooman live? Son, thar ain't
"But we're strayed from that weddin.'.
Bein' now re-arrayed in fullest feather,
the Saucy Willow is fetched into the ring
an' given a platter of chuck with the rest.
They eats awhile. Then one of the bucks,
lookin' about like he's amazed, says:
'Wherever is the Jack Rabbit?' that bein'
Bill's Osage title. But Bill ain't thar
none. Crooked Claw shakes his head, an*
puts it up most likely Bill's rummagin*
about loose some'ers, not knowin' enough
to come in an' eat. At this a brace of
bucks an' a young squaw starts up an'
reckons they'll search about an' see It
they cuts Bill's trail. They goes out an*
thar's the imbecile Bill settin* off on a
rock a quarter of a mile, with his back
to the camp an', the footure. that a-way.
The two bucks an' the squaw, who makes
up the explorin' expedition, herd3 Bill into
camp, an' stakes him out, shoulder to
shoulder, with the little Saucy Willow
Neither Bill nor the little Saucy Willow
su'gests by word, screech or glance that
they saveys whatever is the game or the
stakes, an' eats on, takin' no notice of
thurnse'fs or any of them gluttons who
sorrounds 'en. Both Bill an' the HtTle
Saucy Willow looks that witless an' sim
ple, you-all would shorely yearn to bat
'em one with the butt of a mule whip if
you're only present tcr be exasperated by
sech exhibitions. At last, however jest
as the patience of the audience is plumb
played, both Bill an' the little Saucy Wil
low gives a start of surprise. Which
they re pretendin' to be startled to find
they re feedin' off the same dish/ Thar
you be; that makes 'em 'buck an' squaw*
—'man an' wife' ; an* ycreaf tor. in Osage
excloosif circles, they can print their
kyards , Mr. an' Mrs. Bill Connors,' while
Bilr draws an spends the little Saucy
Willow s. annoolty on payment day la-,
stead of Strike Axe"
"At last the big feed begins. Son, you
should have beheld them besotted Osages
throw themsets upon the Crooked Claw's
good cheer. It's a p'int of honor to eat
as much as you can; an', b'arin' that in
mind, them revelers is shortly entitled to
credit a whole lot. They mows away
about twenty pounds of beef to a buck—
the squaws not bein" so ardent, quits out
on the repast with mighty- likely it's the
thirteenth pound. Old Tom Sixkiller
comes plenty clost to sacrificin* himse'f
utter. ;.*,v
"This last I knows— I'm knockin' about
Pawhusky at the time— for the next day
I sees the medicine men givin' some suf
ferer one of them aboriginal steam baths.
They're on the bank of Bird River.
They've bent down three or four small
Baplin's for the framework of a tent like,
an thar's piled on 'em blankets an' robes
a foot deep, so she's plumb airtight.
Thar's a fire goin', an' they're heatln'
rocks, same as Colonel Sterett tells about
that time when they baptizes his grand
father Into the church. When the rocka
Is redhot they takes 'em, one by one, an'
drops 'em into a bucket of water to make
her steam a whole lot. Then they shoves
this yere lmpromptoo coldron inside the
little robe house, where, as I'm aware—
for I onderstands the signs from the start
—thar's a sick buck (rolled up awaltin* re
lief. This yere invalid buck stays in thar
mighty likely twenty minutes. The water
boils an' bubbles, an* the steam gets that
abundant, not to say urgent. Inside, sho
shore half lifts the robes an' blankets at
the alges to escape. The ailin* buck In tha
sweat tent stays ontil he can't stay no
more, an' then, with a yowl, he comes
burstin' forth, a reek of sweat, an' goei
wallowin* into the coolin* waters of Bird
River. It's the Sixkiller; that weddin*
feast comes mighty near downin' him—
gives him a 'bad heart,' an' he ondergoes
this steam bath medicinal.
"An* now, like a landslide, upon tho
Crooked Clav.s comes • the Strike Axe
tiousehold. Which they're thar to the
forty-'leventh cousin; savages keepin' ex
act cases on reiatif3 a mighty sight fur
ther than white folks. The Crooked Claw
t'am'ly is ready, it's the Crooked Claw
turn to make the feast, an' that eminent
Osage goes the distance. Crooked Claw
shorely does himse'f proud, while Bill's
mother, the Silent Comanche, is hospit
able but dignified. The Wild Cat is pi
rootin* about, makin' mean an* onfeelin*
remarks, as becomes a widow lady with
a knowledge of the world an* a bundle
of money of the size an* contoor of a roll
of blankets. Tha two f am' lies goes
squanderin' absut among each other,
free an* fraternal, an' thar's never a
cloud in the sky.
"Aa Saucy Willow embarks on this yere
trip, thar starts to meet her— afoot they
be, but on the run— Tom Six-killer an' a
brace of squaw cousins of Biil's. Nach
erally, bein' he out-iopea the cousins. Turn
Six-killer runs up on the Saucy Willow
first an' grabs her bronco by tne bridle.
The two young squaw cous.ns ain't far
behind the Sii.-khnjr— for them savages
can shore run like rabbits — an' they ar
rives, all laughter an' cries, an' witn one
move searches the Saucy Willow outen
the saddle. In less time than it takes to
get action on a drink of licker them
young females had done stripped tho
Saucy Willow of every feather, bead an'
rag. an' then naked as when she's foaled
they wrops her up, precious an' safe, in
a blanket an' packs her gleefully into the
camp of Crooked Claw. Thar they re
dresses the Saucy Willow an' piles on tho
gew-gaws an' adornments ontil if any
thin she's a heap more gorgeous than
former. That pony which the Saucy Wil
low rides goes to the Six-killer, while
them two she-cousins, a3 to the balance
of her apparel that a-way, divides tho
pot. '
".Mebby she's a week later when
dawns me weddin' day. JtJill, who's been
looiun' a heap ediotic an' numb ever
since these yere rites begins, goes pro
jectin' off alone out onto the prairie.
The Saucy Willow is hid in tne deepest
recesses of Strike Axe's tepee, which if
she's visible, however, you'd be shore
amazed at the foolish expression she
wears, but all as sny an" artless that
a-v.ay as a yearim' antelope.
"Final, one of the Strike Axe's bucks
swings into the saddle an' rides out half
way towards tiie camp of Crooked Claw.
Which Strike Axe an' Crooked Claw has
done pitched tneir camps about half a
mile apart, so as to give tnls yere pa
geant proper eclat. "W nen he's half way
the Strike Axe tuck fronts up an' slams
loose with his Winchester; it's a. signal
the baile- is on.
• "At the rifie crack, mounted on a
pony that's the flower of the Strike Axa
herd, the Saucy Willow, all alone, comes
chargin' for tiie Crooked Claws like a
shootin' star. Which this y.e Saucy Wil
low is a mir*cle of Osage richness: She's
Blmply a bundle of rive huncred dollars'
worth of blankets, feathers, beads, cali
cos, ribbons, an' buckskins, with six
pounds of brass an' silver jewelry thrown
in. Straight an' troo comes the Saucy
Willow; nashin' like a arrer, rapid as the
¦wind!
"But the Crooked Claw outfit ain't dis
mayed none, an* takej inia yere rebuff
phlegmatic. It's oniy so much ettyquette;
an' now they reorganize to leau ag'in.
This time they goes the limit, an' brings
up fifteen pomes, an' stacks in with blan
kets, robes, beei. Hour, calico, kettles,
skillets an' looking glasses enough to fill
eight wagons- Tnis trip the oid Strike
Axe squaw onties the fifteen ponies, an'
takin' 'em by their ropes Drings 'em in
clost to the Strike Axe camp, tharby noti
fyin' the Crooked Claw band that their
bluff Jtor the Saucy Willow is regyarded,
as some feasible, an* them nuptials goes.
With this sign, the Crooked . Claw band
comes caperm' up to the Strike Axe fam
ily, an' the latter proceeds to rustie a pro
foosion of grub; an' they all cuts loose
in an' simpiy eats old Strike Axe outen
house an' nome. The "price" is split up
among the Strixe Axe bunch, shares goin.'
even to second an' third cousins.
"Then some .old squaw of the Strike Axe
outfit issues forth an' throws the bronchos
loose. That's to show that the Saucy
Willow ii$. a onusuai excellent young
squaw, an' pop'lar with her iolks, an'
tnat they don't aim none to shake the
Saucy Willow's social standin' by accept
in' seen mgard terms.
ready to deal the game for blood, they
picks out some bright afternoon. The
tiaucy Willow's lam'ly is goin' about
lookin' partic'lar harmless an' innocent;
but they saveys enopsii to be in camp
that day. A procession starts from the
Crooked Claw camp. Thar's The-rnan
who-steps-high at the heail, b'arin" a nag,
union down, an' riotin* along behind is
Tom Six-killer. The-man-who-sleeps, the
Wild Cat and others, leadin' five ponies,
an* packin' kettle, flour, beef an' sim'lar
pillage. They lays it all down an' stakes
out the five bronchos about fifty yards
from Strike Axe's camp an' withdraw.
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THE SUNDAY CALL.
14
JjSWIi/Vhave either a long or a short skirt, ac
cording to taste. Many women will not
wear the pedestrian lengths, although at
a Kcros s meeting last month all were in
tho walking skirts, just swinging above
the ground.
"liy March suit, were I buying, would
be in light weight dark whipcord. The
skirt would be live gored, snug and cut
v.-ith the inverted box plait at the back.
Around the foot I would have the circulai
flounce. The flounce would be headed by
stitching. The uj)Der part of the suit
would consist of - a Norfolk jackot with
applied plaits, stitched fast. There wouiO
he a narrow belt, running under tne
plaits .-.nd coming-down well in front, and
fastening under a Run metal buckle.
""ihG-noek of this March jacket would
be nnislied with very small lapels turned
o\-er and with a turn-over collar. The
appearance would be precisely similar to
that f,f a man's busness coat. The sleeve*
would be the coat sleeve, with a verv
slight bell at the hand.
"In the matter of linings I would follow
the newest mode, which calls for a Jacket
lined with white and a skirt unllned but
supplied with an all-taffeta drop skirt,
much resembling a petticoat.
"With both of these suits I would have
an English box coat; one that could be
worn with either suit would do. It could
be made of ladfes' cloth of very heavy
weight, or of broadcloth. It should be
cut with the very high turn-over collar
and should be double breasted with three
£^. kT 13 fastel yne It. It need not have
double rows of buttons. The sleeves can
have a very simple turn-over cuff.'
in" * sweep len » th ls the length that Is
Vi ted J* nd suits for both February and
March are made up in it."
Black for Evening.
It was a very wise dress authority who
advised a woman, wishing to make a dis
tinct Impression in the. evening, to dress
all In white. "In a gown of white," said
ne, you are visible from everywhere. At
the same time it is not conspicuous. It
is the one attractive color that does not
look startling in any light."
The same, only more, might be said of
black.
The handsomest, gown at a fashionable
ball a few evenings ago was in grena
dine, dotted. The entire surface of the
goods had the tiniest black velvet spots,
ihey were not shaggy, but smooth, really
a fine soft velvet, not the heavy, shaggy
sort usually used for this purpose.
Down the front of the waist there was
an embroidery- ln silvered leaves and the
same trimming went down the front of
the skirt. Long sprays of thp leaves
reaching from the belt. downward, decor
ated the front panel and stretched off
toward *.he back. Here and there were
embroidered ilov.ers in black silk ami, in
«he petals of the flowers, were drops of
pearl, Just small pearl beads carefully
applied.
The <-kirt of this gown, which was con-
Kderably more than sweep length, had a
very tnteU double ruching around th<?
ruot, which became very deep at* tho
back and which conslsipi] nf many ruch
inga all appliod. nnc al>ove Vw oilier, to
make a <letir> trim mi rg
The neck. p<Mni«>.] i'runfan.1 back, hn.1
a double rucMng of chiffon. The sleeves
were of elbow length and very delicately
transparent. So much for, the black ball
Sown. . , .
5 There Is an. adage that if a woman
wants a man to love her she should
wear white. This also applies to black.
' She who wears black hypnotizes."
"Black Is the charm color," said a
Beau Brummel a few days ago, a man
who has studied dress from the middle ¦
. of the last century.
The Tale of a Gown.
And there ' Is a story told of a < young
woman of . much beauty and ; many at
tractions who wished to win the man of
her heart. In vain she looked her pret
tiest, and in -vain aha ? chose \ moro ana
there is a. woman in Xew Tork. one of
its fashionable dressers, who solemnly
asuerts that black has been the means of
utterly undoing her purse. With so many
fabrics, in so many handsome weighty
grades and brocades, appliqued and deco
rated as they are, she has been led Into an
extravagance which never afflicted her
when she chose her gowns from the
colored counters. Tempted beyond her
means is she by the allurements of black.
For a black suit to i>e purchased now
and worn steadily, there are choices in
these goods, among others: cheviot, serge.
twe*d, vicuna, covert suiting, ladies'
cloth, zibeline and serge. Then there are
the corduroys which are so much the
vogue. A gown in any of these is g6od
and can be made up along the improved
lines that have come in. >
"If I were a woman, dressing on a mod
erate amount," said a modiste the other
day, "and if I desired to get a suit now
between seasons, as it is. I should invest
in a fine serge ln a dull or dead black.
"I should." continued she. "make it up
as An Eton, In the etvle known as the
double breasted blouse Eton. And I should
trim it with narrow braid.
For the Blowy Days.
•Tor the blowy days." continued she,
"I 'would make a March gown. This can
"The waist I would make with the front
buttoning: toward the left and fastened
with gimp fixtures. At the belt there
would be the blouse front, coming down
over a low pointed belt of cloth. The back
of the waist would be perfectly plain and
there would be a tall, rolling collar. The
blouse could be opened at the neck and
worn with deep, rolling revere fronts.
"The skirt I would make with nve
pores, with a graduated flounce around the
foot. At the back I would terminate the
flounce and lay the entire back, from the
waist down, in side plaits. These side
plaits -would be narrow at the belt lino
and arranged so as to give the accordion
effect. Thus I would make my February
BUlL
used for warmth can now be utilized for
trimmings. Gowns of black velvet, cloth
and heavy stuffs can have their Jackets
turned back in tho front to make deep
lapel*. ¦ - - .
•waist of nickel gray, • one of those soft,
lovely, delicate shades which we asso
ciate with brides, -peach blossoms and
thoughts of . spring. This waist was a
phirt ; waist, accordion plaited and j trlm-
waists is both - pretty and peculiar. It
consists of dots of black velvet, each as
large as a silver quarter. These are but
ton-hole stitched around the edge witn
white silk and applied to the waist here,
there and everywhere, as many, dots be
ing used as the waist will bear. Usually
the front will not look well if burdened
with more than mine, . while ¦ the back
should have not auiteso many. The size
of the person and the length of waist of
the one who Is going to wear It decide
the number. : •. ' . %'¦ .
If -smaller dots are used . they can b»
employed to dot the entire walst*except
the yoke, which Is left untrimmed, thus
making It distinct from the rest' of the
waist. '.-' ¦. ¦•'•••. • .
Accordion Plaits.
The black shirt. waists are accordion
plaited j and ; trimmed or. untrimmed. Vel
vet dots look very well upon them, and
each dot should'have its buttonhole stitch
ing, 'either In white or in color, or it may
have a black buttonhole stitching. :
Accordion plaits, threaten to be the pop
ular trimming of the spring. They are so
becoming that they plead their own way
to. favor. An accordion plaited skirt, with
the plaits stitched upon the hips and front
and back— tightly stitched to , the knee
line, then suddenly released— is one of the
handsome novelties of early spring. It re
quires . careful . dressmaking to make It
hang < well. But once , done it Is a great
success. Under the bottom, to- make tho
ripple - fuller, there '¦ la ' set . a -; plaiting - ot
more becoming colors. He admired her,
that was plain, but how deepen his 1 ad
miration into love?
A young woman of proper spirit would
have said, "If he does not love me as- 1
am, it is best that he do not love me at
all."
But not so reasoned this young woman.
She kept on and kept on, determined to
captivate. On one day an old French
maid, one who had seen service, in many
. a . wealthy family, said to her: "Why
does not Madamolselle try black for
once, black gauze? Madamolselle would
be so truly fascinating."
The next evening the young woman ap
peared In a gown of black gauze. The
skirt fell all foamy and billowy around
her and swept behind so 'attractively.
.But the waist was the crowning thing.
This was in gauze, cut surprisingly low
To bring it up properly there was a gauze
ruffle at the neck and a little gauze
gimp shirred upon a tiny ribbon that
could be tied and untied. Her arms were
bare, except for black laco elbow
sleeves, made plainly. . In her hair a
black aigrette gleamed saucily and when
she put on her hat she put on her hat,
for the gown \vas»donned' for a reception
occasion, it was a > soft thing, ln black
maline, set far. back upon her head and
draped In white, with a black Jet buckle
at one side looping up the brim. ;
The gown, it is related,, was a success,
and tho. young man's captivation was
complete. / . • .-.
In the black evening fabrics there are
several that are to be recommended for
their durability. Crepe do chine, that ma
terial that looks so delicate, yet in reality
is very tough and which 'will bear a
great, deal of rough treatment without
showing wear and tear, is in favor. Crepe
*de chine is an old material which has
come intn favor again, and it is going to
be more popular now than it ever was
before. Never entirely out of style it is
directly in again, and comes In ail colors
. each fashionable tint being shown.
;' Tho New ."^alsts. .. ¦ • v
/-TCIark crepe de chine, as well as crepe
do I'aris, is very adaptable and looks well
'made up; 1 Into entire 'costumes' as well as
into separate bodices. .- ¦.
They are showing a new crepe de chine
waist which is very good and can bo
worn by any one. Upon the youthful fig
ure it is becoming. Yet, worn by an
elderly person It seema specially adapt
ed to each curve and line. of the mature
figure. • :'.\ : -
In blue the material is made up as a
shirt, waist, laid in the . smallest accor
dion plaits... The entire waist is treated
in this way, .front and back. The sleeves •
are the same, with the accordion I plaits I
stitched., down, upon the upper arm but ;;
released, at the elbow and allowed to flare
to ¦ the !<i wrist, .where > they* are . held in '
tightly under a little cuff. -
- - The trimming ; ot >-, tho nowesf of ; thes*
J%~* tr , lmm , Inss> flounces, berthas and
wrist finishings the accordion plait leads
£ a ttL Tn 5 t }, er °£ t ?e«cacy. though not in the
matter of durability, for it is apt to coma
out. and unless of very soft fabric it la
'£ ett y su f« to ,do so. In many stuffs it
-loses its plaits In a moist air, and for that
reason cannot be worn on a damp day.
Not for Showers.
Poplin,, brilliantine and those stiff
fabrics which look so precise and correct
when first plaited will straighten and lose
all semblance of accordion plaiting under
one of the trifling showers of spring.
And this leads to a tale of a brilliantine
some Judgment In the use of the attract
ive and decidedly fashionable trimminr.
The magpie effects are decidedly pood.
These are in black and white. Blade
waists of satin, taffeta, brocade, moira or
what not in the way of dressy fabrics,
are trimmed with white lace. This is put
on in fancy ways. One very decorative
mode of trimming: a black waist with
white lace is by the application of lace
In a pattern. Lay it on in great scallops
and let it outline the yoke. The -wider
and finer the lace the better..
A Lace Finish.
Decorative lace, with two or tare*
kinds of lace combined in one pattern. In
the fashionable novelty laces, is excellent.
Sleeves can have their finish of this lace
and below the lace there can be a little
Plaiting of black; finishing the waist In
ly a the custom. 0 ' ln WhUe> M 1S S * nen1 '
?J 1116 t rim mings that are more novel
than the ones that merely outline vest
or yoke are those that come from, tho
back and trim one shoulder. There are
lace applications that are specially fitted
for this. Beginning at the back in a fig
ure they come over the shoulder and
make a scroll in front. Very striking this
is In coarse lace upon a moire background
of black*
A trimming of white that was used
with very good results upon a waist of
black satin consisted of two semicircles
vi lace, laid one > over each shoulder,
something in the manner of epaulettes,
but-further up upon the shoulder than
epaulettes go. -and very flat, not stand
ing out or pointing: upright, or ruffled.
rne point lace flounce, as wide as your
hand and gathered upon a very narrow
white satin ribbon, is a thing to conjur*
with. Worn around the neck and allowed
to sink low, to make a yoke effect, It is
truly charming. These point lace ruffles,
trimmed with small roses, are seen at tho
most elegant social functions and the
beauty of them Is that they look equally
well upon the high necked gown or the
low necked one.
little Lace Sets.
The little lace sets that can be pur
chased in the snops can be. made to do
very good service upon a black gown or
upon a colored one. But specially upon
black. They dress up a waist so per
fectly and raise it not only In beauty, but
in dignity, to the rank of a handsom»
article of dress.
There are lace sets that Include roses of
lace and these can be used upon the skirt,
A few lace roses, placed at the head of a
circular flounce of chiffon are most ef
fective and they are good ueed to figure.
a black skirt. A plain black taffeta fin
ished with three ruffles becomes really
elegant with, the lace roses scattered
over It. .
Furs are now so cheap that the time of
buying is ripe. Moreover, the sharp cold
has nearly passed and the pretty uses of
fur can be sought. The skins that were
THXT call it the magpie dress In
London, this fancy fcr dressing in
black. And in Paris they have an
other phrase for it. a long and
profitless string of French words.
Here we simplify it and call it what it is.
To dress In black and its complement,
white, is euch an economical move in
wardrobing that many women have
adopted it on that account. But this sea
eon women who can just as well afford
colors, and who can have a sufficient
variety to keep them from growing
monotonous, are wearing the hue of ebony
and so the fact that black is the style
helps out both classes— the woman who
likes to dress in black and the woman who
is forced to do eo. In matters of becom
ingness there is another ptory to be told
for there are those who should never put
black next to the face, but that is a per
eonaJ question for the woman herself or
her family to decide. •
New Black Suits.
In eplte of its economical advantage*
chiffon or of taffeta. This makes the fash
ionable cascade.
: Accordion plaits are used as waist trim
mings, or, properly speaking, j the whole
waist Is r mass of these'. The difficulty
In thlg waist lies in the effort to keep it
snug at the belt line. But if the front be
allowed to blouse and the. back be brought
down and pinned well underneath the belt
the whole will be good. I This sort of a
waist is;, very youthful lp Its lines and Is
liked by those- who have tried it. . The
etock-can be a plain black one. with a
long strip of crepe de chine or other ma
terial going twice around the neck and
hanging down the front with ornaments
upon the ends. . \. i, . .
med with great Roman blue velvet dots.
It was well lined and bad a chamois
¦waist beneath. ' A heavy blade muslin.
boa twined around the neck.
"Well, on the first wearing, which was
for a calling tour, on ladies' day, the day
following New Year's day, there came up
a little scurry of snow and the waist
melted beneath It. Literally melted, for
all the stiffening was gone, and the plaits
came out as though driven out by a Hat
iron. Not even a crinkle remained. The
waist, released of all plaits, lost alt
shape,. and ere, the unhappy wearer could
get home It hung like a great loose bapr
around her, without semblance of waist
or fit. The moral of this tale Is to use
THE SUNDAY CALL.
15
THE WOMAN WHO DRESSES IN BLACK
Fancy to QoV/r| f n t^s F^U§ sty?
\ Ebory For : Aio^nS? N C P1 '.aid/
' j^fsht and Foj- |pp||||irTHE SUNDAY CALL.
16SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1 26, 1902— THIRTY-SIX PAGES.
DETECTIVES SEARCHING FOR MINNIE RANDOLPH,
CONFEDERATE OF OFFICER ROBINSON'S MURDERERS
7 HE police have learned that the mysterious woman confederate of the thieves whose plots led, to the murder of Patrolman Robinson was Minnie Randolph, the wife of one of the Turk-street gang. Detectives are looking for her and
a companion knozvn as "Ida," in the belief that they know the secrets of the fugitive criminals. The Grand Jury has taken cognizance of zvhat it terms the"reign of 'terror" existing, in the city, and it urges upon the courts a more expe
ditious handling of criminal case's. The Superior Judges continue to -give footpads heavy, sentences. 0 . ¦ . : \ /
Guarded Secret ,of ; Lair.
Randolph' ; was ,f arrested :. for ; the .". petty
THE mysterious woman with wfiom !
the police have to deal'in nearly
every puzzling murder case has
appeared in connection with the
foul slaying of Police Officer
Robinson. Her." name Is now
known to be Minnie -Randolph, and Cap
tain Seymour's detectives have been
tracking her from. one haunt to another,
but she has .managed ' so '.' far to slip'
through the meshes of the net spread 'for
her. , ; Vi-f-TC
The Randolph woman has a companion
named .,. "Ida," : and she, too, .could' .'give
the police : some valuable \ Information
about the ¦ foul ..'-plots /and i nefarious,
schemes of the gang of thugs who shot
down- the brave' policeman.v Neither
woman has been'seen since- the crooks
abandoned the ". Turk-street . h'ouse : arid
hastened to cover.;, ..... ».. .:¦¦:'..' ..
'¦ Minnie Randolph lived wl th H. ' B. Ran
dolph, .said to be . her husband; ' in the
room' upstairs - over '. the den", where-' the
thug3 lived. ". She .was the guardia^n.of all
/their secrets,' and when Jack Wade fell
into the hands bf \ the js police Bhe, with
Randolph, ¦ "Kid"- .Gbucher,: "Brownie"
and Cpffman, ¦ beat a hasty retreat from
the house to which they^knew the police
would surely ;. track* them..^. -'¦ .
• About three weeks " ago ' Randolph - arid
Goucher\and the ?. woman,'.' all of .'.whom
had' been, stealing from various Btores
about town, visited v a- 'tailor' "shop on
Fourth street. : "Kid".- Goucher and the
woman '. remained outside; the" pla.ee,'. en
gaging the ¦ proprietor: : In; ,conversatlou»
while '• Randolph went 'i inside and stole
several pairs of .trousers and some trouser
patterns. ; *< : '.-.'' : '.,.¦;. ..:*/"- '¦: ..- ¦••¦ -.-^
"It is not pleasant to impose long sen
tences upon persons convicted of crime,
but I say right here that it is only a con
scientious scruple that prevents. me from
imposing the fullest sentence that the lf.w
permits for cases of this . character.
"Therefore. Edward Davis, it is tho
Escapes Life Sentence.
EDWARD DAVI3, th© accomplice
of Frank Nelson, who was sen
tenced to be confined at San
Quentln by Judge Dunne Friday,
was sent to Join his partner in
crime yesterday by tho same
Judge. Dayia, however, must remain be
hind the bars of the pententlary at Fol
som for six years after Nelson has re
gained his liberty, for Judg-o Dtxnna grave
him as punishment thlrty-thre* years' Im
prisonment. They ar« both footpads and
their heavy sentences are due to tho fact
that both are known as hardened crimi
nals.
In sentencing Davis yesterday Judgs
Dunne spoke of his desire' to give him all
that the law allowed as punishment for
criminals of the prisoner's kind. Ha gave
as his reason for giving the "senterice aa
he did that If he inflicted a life imprison
ment Davis would be able to secure a pa
role at the end of seventeen years. By
Slvingf Davis a. fixed term of Imprison
ment, h© prevented this comparatively
early release from prison, and made it im
possible for him ito get out of the peniten
tiary until he had served at least twenty
years, and to cut thirteen years off his
sentence Davis must behave himself In a
manner strange and 'almost impossible to
a man of his characteristics.
. Judge Dunne said, when Davis stood up
before him to receive his sentence: ' j .
"In pronouncing Judgment In cases of
this character I do not think It serves any
good/purpose to read moral lectures, be
cause good citizens do not need to have
moral lectures delivered to them and it
certainly serves no good purpose to read
them to persons who have been convicted
of crime. Under the theory of the law' a
man. who will hold up another man on the ,
streets at night with a pistol is at heart
a murderer. The streets of this city
should be as free to walk upon at 3 o'clock
In the morning' as- at 3 o'clock in the after
noon.
FOOTPAD "WHOM 'JUDGE: DTJNNE
SENTENCED TO' THIRTY-THREE
YEARS AT FOLSOM.
Continued on Page Eighteen,
Continued ; on . Page » Eighteen.
3 OMAHA, Jan. 25.^-One of the heaviest
blizzards ever experienced in Nebraska is
raging, seemingly at. all points /In the
State, to-night. Reports indicate that the
loss to livestock will be heavy. All trains
due from the West are from three to sev-"
en hours late, ' and passengers arriving
upon them tell stories of frightful gusts
'of heavy, "clogging show, which • threat-'
ened time and again to prevent . further
progress of the trains. Zero 'temperature
is 'being, experienced in this city,, where
two and one-half inches of snow has
fallen.. .
Blizzard' Rages in i Nebraska,
.The crew^wlth their baggage were safe
ly landed i by. Captain Corbel : and men of
the Washwood station. The vessel is leak
ing, but may be saved if the weather con
tinues favorable. '
CAPE HENRY. Va., • Jan. 25.-^The
weather- bureau official f at - Drink-water,
Currltuck" Inlet, ; N. C, reports that the
Italian bark ; Verglne Delta Guardia/ in
sand ballast from Barbadoes'for Philadel
phia,' Captain Salvator* Lubramo and a
crew of twelve men, . stranded half a mile
south of -Washwpod, life. saving station at
7:30 '.to-night during a'dense fog.. . " . ,
BARK DRIVES ASHORE
ON ATLANTIC COAST
Secretary Gage discovered the boy in
Chicago several years ago and sent him
to the Geneva Conservatory of Music,
from : which he graduated in 1901. under
Henry Marteau, having received the high
est honors within the gift of the Insti
tution, a diploma' in the class de perfec
tion, together with the prix de virtuosite
in the, shape of a magnificent instrument.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.-Before a dis
tinguished audience composed of Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt, the ladles of the
Cabinet and a number ol" other specially
Invited guests, Florlzel Fabrlce von Reu
ter of Chicago, the 10-year-old protege of
Secretary Gage, gave a violin recital at
the White House to-night. "His rendition
of the different numbers selected for the
occasion was' marvelous,- revealing com
plete mastery of his instrument.
Gage Gives Recital at
"White House.
Bright Young Protege of Secretary
CHILD VIOLINIST PLAYS
FOR THE PRESIDENT
France Is not expected to attempt to
force Venezuela to admit M. Secrestat.
but she will hold that country responsi
ble if the property leased to his father
by General Matos, leader of the - Vene
zuelan revolutionists, is damaged. France
now holds claims again the Caracas Gov
ernment, and it would not surprise ofll-
K ¦ ' ' ' ¦.".-• -'• •
From the point of view of the authori
ties here, therefore, no objection can be
raised by France to the action of Presi
dent. Castro. The relations between the
two countries are severely strained, and
in declining to 'comply with the request
of France to permit M.- Secrestat to land
Castro has acted in a manner which will
undoubtedly provoke feeling.
Technically President Castro has amplo
Justification for his exclusion of M. Secre
stat Frellnghuysen, when Secretary of
State, In a letter to the ¦American Minis
ter to Santo Domingo declared that the
United States "cannot contest the right
of foreign governments to exclude, on po
lice or other grounds, American' citizens
from their shores."
tensify the feeling of the Paris Govern
ment against the Caracas dictator. :
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.-President Cas
tro's refusal, to permit the landing in
Venezuela of M. Secrestat Jr., despite the
request of France, will undoubtedly In-
Against- Castro.
Intensifies the Feeling of Franca
EXCLUSION OF M. SECRESTAT.
: It developed to-day that the trip of
President A. J. Cassatt and his. assistant,
Robert Pitcairn, to England last summer
was largely fof the purpose of completing
plans : for this route." Few details of the
plan are known, but lit Is a weir known
fact that" the Pennsylvania Railroad has
been aiming for some, time 'past to develop
the foreign coal trade,' and : this mo vebacn t
is believed to be a part of the scheme.
PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD
PLANS A GREAT ROUTE
Company Is Anxious to Develop the
Coal Trade With Foreign
Points.
PITTSBURG. Jan. 25.— From Montauk
Point, I* I.' . to Milford Haven, England,
in the Pennsylvania' Railroad's; own
steamer,, ;and from Milford Haven to
London, over the London and Northwest
ern road is the great international route
which has beenmapped but by. the Penn
sylvania road for service as soon as ar
rangements can be perfected.
All the Italians and many Turks in Voll
bar are openly accused of Llberalist sym
pathies.
dais should she forcibly collect them
after Germany has obtained satisfaction.
." Foreman Sonntag - replied In the nega
tive and- the grand jurors left the court
room. V V . " .- ¦•--..- ..'
" "I ¦ arrf trying " to . arrange," ' replied the
Judged- "for as speedy trials as possible
of all criminal cases, but It is not possible
forme~^t6 v do "what you ask. There are
only three ! Assistant District Attorneys
and t the f .District "Attorney, , so ', that ' one
otherjeourt only, could be assigned In the
'way. you \ suggest. ¦ I have • already taken
action . and have assigned criminal .cases
to Judge Graham's court. Have you any
thing else to suggest?" " ' '( .
"If your Honor, please, the Grand Jury
would ask you, as Presiding Judge, to as-'
sign -four_ additional Judges to I try crim-'
ihal:{ cases."-: There is ; a reign*: of terror
throughout the city. .Men are being bru
tally'beaten and' robbed, and some mur
dered.'.and,a. more ".expedient and speedy
handling} of .• crimnal ' cases is - absolutely
necessary, < as ,\the. County Jail Is over
crowded |. with; prisoners' awaiting their
trials. It Is in order to' relieve this conges
tion in the County Jail that we make this
request.", r ". : '¦•-••-.¦-• . ,_
Foreman- Sonntag then said:
; The. grand^ jurors, came Into Judge
Cook's court yesterday morning, and aft
er they had ;. been seated the foreman,
Charles Sontagg. arose and handed the
clerk - of .the', court the 1 indictment re
turned' Friday against -.Pats/," Carroll,
Martin J.* Lane and Edward Button, tho
faro players, charged with tricking A. G.
Mellor out of .$1500. at the Palace Hotel on
January 2.- ;»,•• , . ' ..
\ prisoners awaiting trial and room
made for others whom the police are anx
ious to round-up and put In safekeeping
before ' they take advantage of .present
.condition's to commit more serious crimes.
» wf < HE Grand Jury has asked that the
H- Presiding Superior Judge assign
B , four, additional Judges to. try
U crimnal cases In order that the
-»-"." County~JaH' may be emptied of
THE LATE MILITARY AND CIVIL GOVERNOR OF PANAMA, WHO
WAS KILLED LAST MONDAY ON BOARD THE STEAMER LAUTARO
DURING THE BATTLE WITH INSURGENTS IN PANAMA BAY.
BOGOTA. Colombia, Jan. 25.— Th»
Government has made a success
ful effort to prevent the revolu
tionists from attacking Bogota.
An Important battle was fought
several days ago at Facatatlva,
•which Is about twenty miles from Bogota.
The Btrussl* was bitter. After long 1 fight
ing the Government troops repulsed the
insurgents, who left SCO of their number
dead on the field. Ninety of the Govern
ment troops were killed.
Aa.tloq.ula. and other departments are
Bending troops here. Foreigners are en-
Joying every safety. Easiness has been
suspended temporarily.
Alban's Successor Talks.
COLON, Jan. 25.— The Colombian war
ship General Pinzon arrived here last
night with 400 soldiers, comprising a bat
. talion of regulars from. Barranquilla.
There were on board the -vessel General
Hamon G. Amaya, who succeeds the late
General Alban as military governor ol
this department, and General Samper, his
chief of staff; Generals Monsalvo and Re
vlscan and Colonels Vives, White and
These officers and the bat
talion went to Panama this afternoon.
Before his departure for Pa.na.ma The
Call correspondent obtained jon Interview
¦with General Amaya, In the course of
¦which he Bald:
"The Colombian Government and the
Colombian army ere by no means dis
couraged because of the death of General
Alban. The enny, on the contrary, will
nght with renewed energy to avenge Gen
eral Alban's death. General Alban's death
was only an Incident. There are plenty
more men like him and able to -fill his
place. I Ehall employ the same measures
that General Alban did. and shall try to
be worthy of the office which I have as
sumed. I Intend to be firm and merciful,
and to be no murderer. It will be a cam*
palgn to preserve the republic of Colom
bia and not to murder. I can obtain 2000
more troops from Barraaqullla If I need
them." ,i * ; >f
Small Bands Are Routed.
Email bands of insurgents who were
operating iriMhe vicinity of the Panama
railway line have Been routed by the
Government troops.
/ By a recent decree Issued at Barran
4 Quilla, Department of Bolivar, Jose Mut
co, a prominent Italian -at that place, has
been expelled from the country for taking
an active part In aiding the Liberal cause.
VIENNA, Jan,, 25.— The Politische Cor
: a . highly reputable paper,
publishes a dispatch from '. Constantinople
declaring that the -Porte has received se
rious reports accusing Miss Stone of
connivance with the Macedonian Commit
tee in -allowing- herself to 'remain a pris
oner In order to . Increase the ransom for
her release demanded by the brigands, the
bulk.of, which will go to the committee.
The dispatch says that Miss Stone Is at
present living In a Bulgarian village In
i the disguise of a peasant.
BEARERS OF, RANSOM
NEARING THE BRIGANDS
Miss Stone. 1 .Will-* Soon ... Be Free,
but Turkey Is Not
Pleased.
SOFIA. Jan. 25.— The , semi-official Bul
garia announces that 'the American dele
gates bearing the ransom for Miss Stone,
the captive American missionary, have
arrived at Jumaya, and Miss Stone and
her. companion," Mme.,^-Tsllka, will be re
leased within twenty-four hours after the
money is paid.
Harold Bewail of Maine and also of Ha
waii, where he was stationed as United
States Minister for several years and a
national Republican committeeman .for
the Territory until a' few weeks ago, when
he resigned in favor, of Colonel Parker,"
•Is understood to have had a hand In these
changes. He has been, with Colonel Par
ker, in consultation with President Roose
velt. • - ¦ " .
It will require a month or more to carry
out the proposed, change, but a radical
digression from the present policy, which
has been attended with much "factional
party strife in the last two or three years,
Is* decided upon- :~'T : ~i^ : \^3&$@* ; ,
'vxVie : present Secretary **of" the . Territory,
Henry E.Co'oper; recently acting as.Gov-.
ernor much Bf the time because of Gov
ernor Dole's illness, is also to be dis
placed. George K, Carter of Honolulu, . a
graduate of Yale College and son of the
former Hawaiian Minister, will succeed
him. ; ¦ •' ¦ ¦ •:•'¦ • ¦•;•¦;• '¦ : > •
The first formal step .toward carrying
out this arrangement was taken to-day
when a letter written by Secretary Hitch
cock, at the President's suggestion, was
sent, to Honolulu Intimating to Governor
Dole that his resignation was desired.
Colonel Parker was the last Prime Min
ister of Queen LUiuokalani and Is prob
ably the richest man in the islands. He
Is the father-in-law of Prince t)avid, who,
under the monarchy, was an heir to the
throne.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G.»STREET; N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.-According
to the present administrative programme
Sanford B. "Dole, Governor of Hawaii, Is
to go and Colonel Sam Parker Is to be
come his successor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
cock the First Feature of Sensa
tional Programme in Af
fairs of Islands.
Letter Written by Secretary Hitch-
Colonel Sam Parker Slated
as the Territorial
Executive.
President Wants Resig
nation of Hawaii's
A Governor.
Attack on the Capital of Colombia Is Prevented and the
Liberal Forces Are Defeated With a Loss of
Three Hundred and Sixty Killed.
Overcrowded Condition of Prisons Delays Proposed
Roiind=Up of Griminals^- Courts Give
Footpads Heavy Sentences.
ROOSEVELT'S
ORDER SEALS
DOLE'S DOOM
GRAND JURY ASKS PRESIDING
JUDGE TO FACILITATE TRIAL
OF PRISONERS IN COUNTY JAIL
GOVERNMENT AND INSURGENT
TROOPS MEET IN FIERCE BATTLE
WITHIN FEW MILES OF BOGOTA
VOLUME XCI.— NO 57.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
Pages 1 to %
Pages 17 to 26Mrs. Mary Wiffier, housekeeper at the
Fulton House, testified that a young man
and two women, one young and the other
elderly, came in a carriage. to that place.
She was asked if she could identify the
young man. Galvin's brother was sitting
beside him and she nodded . in their direc
tion. Attorney Barrett, who represents
Galvln, asserted that she nodded at Gal
vin's brother, but the Judge did not agree
with him and the witness was not pressed
as to the identification. -
Miss Tillle Holly, chambermaid at the
Fulton House.' identified . Anjta Clark as
the young woman who -.came with the
elderly woman and a young man. Sho
could - not positively Identify Galvln, as
be stood in the dark when she saw him.
Gus Miller, a former hackman, now a
teamster, testified that he got a call to
the Fulton House and drove a young man
from there to the saloon at 30 Fourth street,
where Galvln was employed as a bartend
er. He drove the young man back to
James Sweeney, a hackman, testified to
taking the defendant Clark and an elder
ly woman from the Manhattan to the
Palmerlee lodging-house, and the de
fendant Anita Clark said she was going
upstairs to get her brother. She came
down with the defendant Galvin and he
drove the three to the Fulton House on
Larkin street. • " A j
The witnesses had been taken to St.
Luke's Hospital Friday night to have a
look at Mrs.; Foote, and most of them
Identified her. W. L. Crayton, bartender
at the Manhattan saloon, 25 Geary street,
was the first witness/ examined yester
day. He testified that about 9 o'clock on
the night of December 28 the defendant
Anita Clark and an elderly woman came
in by the Brook-street entrance and had
two drinks. The "elderly woman drank
picon -punches.' He saw that she had a
roll of greenbacks.- They remained for
about an hour. .
The preliminary examination of Thomas
Galvln. and Anita Clark on the charge of
robbery, for brutally .beating Mrs. E. N.
Foote In her apartments at the Elysium,
566 Geary street, In the early morning of
December 29 and robbing her of over $400
and • her Jewelry, -was continued before
Judge Mogan yesterday, and after hear
ing the evidence the Judge held the de
fendants to answer before the Superior
Court in $5000 bonds each.
to Answer.
Thomas Galvin and Anita Clark Held
MRS. FOOTE'S ASSAILANTS.
crime, but Qoucher and the woman got
away. While in the prison Randolph sent
notes to the woman cautioning her to re
main away from the Jail for fear the po
lice might trail her and discover the lair
of the gang. Randolph wa3 released on
$75 cash ball and his case waa assigned
to Judge Cabaniss' court. It was post
poned from time to time and is still pend
ing. Randolph has disappeared. :
Detectives Hamill and Reynolds have
been scouring the tenderloin In a vain
search for Minnie Randolph, but. as yet
they have failed to locate her. When they
finally take her into custody it is expect
ed that she will unbosom herself of the
gang's secrets and probably give the po
lice .valuable information as to the route
taken by Goucher and "Brownie" when
they left the city,' and their proposed des
tination. ¦ - "•¦¦ ' ' ,
As exclusively announced in yesterday's
issue of The Call, Captain Seymour's men
developed a live clew Friday to tho
whereabouts of "Kid" Goucher and his
pal, "Brownie," and yesterday's investi
gations bore out the belief that the mur
derers left town last Wednesday on the
Sunset Limited, secreted under the trap
door over the stairs located at each- end
of a Pullman car. Two tramps were
taken from the regular local southbound
train at San Jose Wednesday night- Tina
¦ train arrived hours after. the limited went
through San Jose. The men did not
answer the descriptions of Goucher and
"Brownie," and they were not the same
men whom the switchman and yard
master at the Southern Pacific depot saw
leaving town on the limited, which left
this city at 4:50 o'clock in the afternoon.
Suspicious-looking characters answering
the description of Goucher and "Brownie
were seen Thursday in the vicinity of San
Jose, where the limited train made }ts
first stop. Since the country town con
stables * have been deprived of the fee
they formerly received for the arrest and
conviction of "hobos" caught stealing a
ride on the brakebeams or blind baggage
they have paid little, or no attention to
men found passing through towns in this
manner. As Captain Seymour did not
receive the tip until Friday that the two
railroad men at the local depot had seen
the criminals making their escape from
town on Wednesday's limited the murder
ers had a good start Captain Seymour,
however, Is not depending entirely on
the clew furnished him by ths BWttchman
and yardmaster at the Third-street depot.
He has wired the' authorities of all the
northern towns, as well to be on the look
out for the two murderers.
Information has been received to tho
effect that "Kid" Goucher and "Brownie"
did not attempt to abandon their Turk
street hiding place until early Wednesday
morning Instead of Tuesday morning as
was first reported. One of the ' lodgers
upstairs saw Goucher leaving, the house
Wednesday morning. He was accompa
nied by a burly mulatto, who often vis
ited and slept at the Turk-street house.
The pair walked hurriedly across Turk
street and then went up Jones.
They looked back several times to see If
anybody was watching them.
It is not . Impossible that the mulatto
who left the house with Ooucher was
"Brownie," as his nickname would Indi
cate. Those who claim to Know the man
are divided as to whether or not he is of
mixed blood. None of the detectives know
VBrownle" personally. They have only a
poor description of- him and they are un
able to state whether or not he la a mu
latto or, a dark-complexioned white
man. The police have succeeded In learn
ing his "road name." and tney hope, with
this Information, to trace him more easily
In the country towns.
The three suspects held at Sulsun proved
to have no connection with the pans: of
crooks who murdered Robinson. One of
them was identified, however, as "Black
Pat" Danls, wanted for burglary In Sac
ramento.
One of the men arrested Frldny night
in the raid on the Howard-street house,
where the police uncovered another nest
of thieves and beggars, proved to be
George Hackett. who escaped from the
House of Correction some years ago along
with seven or eight others. When arrested
Friday night he gave the name of Frank
Eagan. He was Identified yesterday by
the detectives. .
street. . " ' ' -
Marrcn became suspicious and walkec
back to the store. As he entered a mar
came from behind the counter and Mar
ron grappled with him.; Just then a thirc
M. A. Marron. a grocer ' and . saloon
keeper, whose place of business is at '43T
Fourth street, was. the victim of a rob
bery perpetrated by three desperate
crooks yesterday morning, and the bold
ness of the crime, considering the localltj
and the hour, show the risks criminals
sre willing to take under conditions now
existing.', ,-
Marron was alone In his store about II
o'clock, when a man called to. him thai
some one wanted to see ¦ him outside
Marron stepped outside and a young max
seated In a buggy asked him to fetch hin
a glass of claret. ' Marron brought hin
the glass of claret on a tray 'and th<
young man after drinking It kept tb<
nickel between his fingers and talked t<
Marron -about the fruit store down th«
BOLD DAYLIGHT, BOBBERY.
man appeared with a revolver In hia fr^nfl
and leveling it at Marron's head, said:
"Let that man go or I'll blow your
brains out."
I Marron loosened his grasp on the thief,
who ran out of the store. The man with
the revolver kept It leveled at Marxon as
he backed out of the store and then r%a
up Fourth street and disappeared. Tha
young. man in the buggy had also driven
away. The time occupied was about four
minutes. When Marron looked into hia
till it was empty. . He had had about $23
in silver In it. • <¦
NOT THE MEN WANTED.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 25.— Jim Hooligan and
Frank Kelly were arrested at tho broad
gauge depot Wednesday evening shortly
after 8 o'clock. Sheriff Langford and
Jailer Dreischmeyer made the arrest. Tha
men had Just got off the train leaving San
Francisco at 6:40, and hot the Sunset lim
ited. No men were taken from the Sunset
limited, so states Jailer Dreischmeyer.
The two men In Jail say they rode on tho
"blind baggage." gettlng-on at Palo Alto.
The men. Jailer Dreischmeyer states, arj
not those wanted in San Francisco in con
nection with the murder of Police Officer
Robinson. • ;- .
the Fulton House and in a few. minutes
the young man and two -women, on©
young and the other elderly, came down
stairs and entered the . hack. He drove
tnem to the Elysium, 666 Geary street,
and, as instructed, remained outside for
about half an hour. The young man and
the young woman came downstairs, and
at their request he drove them to a sa
loon at Fifth and Market streets. The
young man treated him to a drink at the
bar and then entered a box with the
young woman. They came out in a few
minutes and the young man treated him
to. another drink. Witness then drove
them to the saloon at 30 Fourth street,
where he left them. Miller said he could
not identify either of the defendants,
which was a surprise to the prosecution,.
James M. Fortune, night clerk # at the
Elysium, testified to taking two women
up In the elevator. One was Mrs. Foote
and the other "the lady defendant." as
he expressed It. The defendant Galvln,
whom he identified, rang the elevator bell
and wanted to be taken UDstalrs. but wit
ness refused. Shortly afterward he was
at the third floor and saw both defend
ants going Into Mrs. Foote's apartments.
In a few minutes he heard screams and
the patter - of feet running downstairs.
He saw Mrs. Foote In her night robe with
blood on her face, and she screamed that
she had been robbed and the defendants
had tried to murder her.
-Lucius H. Foote testified that he saw
Mrs. Foote between 2 and 4 o'clock De
cember 28 and she was perfectly sobe-
She had a roll of greenbacks 'and said sho
hnrl to pay a bill that day.
Detective Wren testified to finding $20
In greenbacks and three $3 gold pieces «n
the defendant Anita Clark's trunk in th©
Palmerlee when she waa arrested and the
cloak In a closet in hep room which Mrs.
Foote had identified as the one worn. by
the Clark woman that night.
This was the case .for the prosecution,
and Attorneys Ferral and Barrett made
a motion to dismiss, which the Judge de
nied. The Judge said It waa a case of
horrible brutality, and if the defendants
were convicted, and. he believed they
were guilty. • they should get the maxi
mum punishment. .
SAN JOSE, Jan. . 25.— Local officers be^
lieve that "Brownie", arid Goucher,; who
are wanted for the j murder of Policeman
Robinson at San Francisco,' are ' in ; the
hills back of Mount Hamilton, heading for
the San Joaquin. Valley. This; coincides
with the theory of the San Francisco of
ficers, published in ' to-day's ; Call, ; that
they made their exit from San Francisco
stowed away on the Sunset limited which
left there Wednesday afternoon. The first
stop of the. train was in this city, where
Back Into Hills.
San Jose Man Meets Trio : Hurrying
ACTIONS CAUSE SUSPICION.
"A human life has been sacrificed by the
defendant and there Is need of strong ex
ample In this community for those who
may be seized with an Impulse to commit
deeds of violence. But the court Is of the
view that' under all the circumstances of
the case, the certainty of punishment
rather than the extent of It should be the
paramount consideration In dealing with
this unfortunate young man.- In determin
ing the extent of punishment the -court
has taken into account the fact that the
defendant has already been ' In confine
ment some six months on this charge." '
judgment of this court that- you be con
fined in the State Penitentiary at Folsom
for the period of thirty-three years."
Davis appeared stunned when the sen
tence was pronounced. He sank back in
his seat In the dock, and when the bailiff
of the court stepped toward him to In
form him that he was now. in the custody
eu. vbiu eouapjAa ou9abS eq jJiaa.qg »U) J«
knew, what had transpired, but rose from
his seat mechanically, and, like -an au
tomaton, held out hia hands for the* badge
of a convicted and sentenced thief— the
handcuffs. - - ¦
Davis was arrested with Frank Nelson
November 3 and charged with holding up
and robbing Otto Fleissner and RexHam
lin on Van Ness avenue;': near Jackson
street, the night before: * The booty they
secured from their victims, which consist
ed only of $2 and a bunch of" keys, was
found on the person of Nelson when the
arrest was made. When their trial was
commenced the latter pleaded guilty and
Davis held out for trial. Davis was the
man who held the pistol to Hamlln's head
and Nelson did The searching, and since
under the law the man who wields the
weapon Is the party most deserving. of
punishment, he received the heavier sen
tence. • . ' ¦ •' ¦ ' ;,
Frank Hayes and Joseph Wilson, who
had been convicted by a jury in Judge
Cook's court on the charge of burglary,
appeared for sentence yesterday. They
entered the room of Attorney Quigley, at
Kearney and Merchant streets, and- the
attorney had a desperate fight with them
before assistance came and they were ar
rested. - There were several . "priors"
against Wilson, but they were not pressed,
and- the -Judge sentenced him to fifteen
years in San Quentln. Hayes pleaded that
he was not yet of age and the Judge post
poned Bentence upon him till to-morrow,
till Inquiry could be made on that point.
If true he will be sent to the Whlttier
Reform School and sentence suspended.
William Greenway was tried for. rob
bery, for snatching a watch from a
drunken man on Second street, but the
Jury brought In a verdict of petty larceny
against him. He was sentenced by Judge
Cook yesterday to six months in the
County Jail. . '
In Judge Lawlor's court Albert R. Mc-
Elwaln appeared for sentence; He waa
charged with robbery for having, along
with Daniel Kelly, taken from Jacob E.
S. Small, a colored man, on October 23, a
sum of money. The Jury at the trial re
turned a verdict of grand larceny and the
Judge sentenced him to ten years in San
Quentln, which is the limit. .
Emmet N. Pettlgrew, who waa convicted
of manslaughter, also appeared for sen
tence before Judge Lawlor. He fatally
stabbed Lafayette A. Walsh outside the
Chutes on the morning, of July 15. The
Judge sentenced him to six - and a half
years In San Quentln, and in doing so re
marked:
omless despatr. Last night, however, tho
evidences of enjoyment were plentiful and
from the. grand march at 9 o'clock until
the wee sma* hours the votaries of Terpsi
chore made merry.
The fact that there was a voting contuet
for a souvenir cup of ample size, the same
to be given to the most popular jockey,
was sufficient to bring out some 500
couples, and from the time the ,doors
opened until Ions: after midnight t vote*
came In by the" score. Every Jockey known
to the frequenter of the track had his
champion on the floor, the result being a
spirited contest. At midnight the^com
petition had narrowed ¦ down to Spencer,
Bullman, Jones.. Piggott and .O'Connor.;
who were running neck and neck. There
was no. handicap In the race and the
friends'of all were convinced that -their
favorite would .come In under' the ribbon
at an easy walk. > ' > ; • -' •' •¦-"¦• ¦ -
They were off in a bunch shortly after 9
o'clock, when the bell sounded, with'
Henry Spencer, the floor manager, lead-.,,
Ing the grand march. For hours there
after the friends of the jockeys, including/
hundreds of the fair sex, gave themselves
up to the enjoyments of the hour.' Jockev
Mounce danced with 'a long shot, which
he directed to the post in easy^ style.
Jockey Jackson floated . around ¦:.' the
course with a tall favorite with a
grace that . brought . tears to tho
eyes of his less successful 'confreres.
Eddie Jones got away ! well with a
COURTS GJVE HEAVY SENTENCES.
Continued from Page Seventeen.
fair charmer who carried sufficient weight
to hold him in fine form throughout tin:
dance. Jockey O'Connor did little danc
ing, but shook the hands of all who whis
pered to him that he was a prime favor
ite In the cup race, with big odds that no
would wln*at a walk. Ransch talked of
ranches in the Sonoma Valley, which ho
intends to buy after the season closes,
while Woods talked paddock, weight, rib
bons and other .racing et ceteras with
Matthews In a corner. The scene was an
animated one, the judges and participants
being in thorough accord as to the make
up of the card for the evening..
The "affair was In general charge of
James Tlerney. Henry Spencer was In
charge of the floor and : he was assisted
by Tom Johnson. The floor committee
consisted of Abe- Levy, * Dave Harris,
Jerome Bassity, Nat Boas, Al Bohn,
George Lovejoy, Joe Cahlll and Dan Sul
livan. -. • .
The reception' committee was composed
of Jockeys Bullman, -Burns, Jones,
Shields, Plggott, Jackson, Hoar, Mat
thews, -Woods. Ransom, Mounce, Ransch,
BIrkenruth. Redfern, Vlttatoe. O'Neil fand
O'Connor. ; The contest judges were Wil
liam Nelson. -Jean ¦¦: Ladarre. William
Lyons, Edward Greany and Bob Harris.
The result of -the contest for the most
popular Jockey will be announced to-mor
row, ana the trophy , suitably inscribed
will be given . to the winner with appro
priate ceremonies during the week/
no trace of the men can be found.
Walter C. Brown, the son of City Jailer
Brown of this city,- had been spending a
few days on the Brown ranch, on the San
Ysabel Cr.eek, back of Mount Hamilton.
He left there Wednesday morning early
to come home. On the San Antonio road,
about three miles back of Mount Hamil
ton, shortly after 10 o'clock Thursday, he
met two men and a boy with a horse and
cart. These two men answer the descrip
tion of "Brownie" and Goucher.
The boy, who was about 17 years of age,
was In a cart driving a wornout old horse.
Trudging along beside the rig were the
two men. The road is very narrow and
some difficulty was experienced in pass
ing. Brown hailed the men and inquired
where they were going. His questions
were evaded, but as they were delayed a
few moments in getting the rigs paat each
other Brown had a good chance to "size
up" the men.'; :>*-''-'
After, repeated 'questioning the men said
they were going -to Fresno. - Brown asked
why they had not taken the Pacheco road,
where they could have come 'out at Los
Banos and had good' roads most of the
way to Fresno. He told them the road
they were on was a rough one and that
they would reach Newman by that route.
Brown noticed that the men were Jaded
and had the appearance of having trav
eled all night. • They seemed very anxious
to pass on. They had every appearance
of being guilty of some crime. On his
way down to this city Brown could not
find any place where the men had camped,
and this further, aroused his curiosity.
knew nothing of the murder of
Policeman Robinson until after he arrived
home and his father had told him. He re
lated his. meeting with the two men, and
on readlrig' their; description in The Call
he said he had surely seen them. Jailer
Brown thought his' son might have been
mistaken and paid no more attention to
the matter 'until this morning, when he
read in The Call an account of the men
leaving San Francisco on the Sunset lim
ited.:
Jaller Brown at once reported the mat
ter to Sheriff, Langford, who notified the
San Francisco authorities and officers In
the San Joaquin Valley. •
_If the men left San Francisco on the
Wednesday afternoon train and secured
a horse and cart In this city by traveling
all night they could just about reach the
point where they were seen. . ¦' "¦
IT was jockey night at B'nal B'rlth
Hall last night, the occasion . that
niled the grandstand to overflowing
being: the annual ball of the little
fellows whose achievements at the
track have the double property of filling
the hearts of men with great Joy or fath-
INCIDENTS THAT MASKED THE JOCKEYS' BALL LAS* NIGHT. AT WHICH SOME RJDERS PLAYED THE
TALL FAVORITES, OTHERS DALLIED SWEETLY WITH LONG SHOTS, . WHILE SEVERAL CARRIED
WEIGHTS OP WOE. THE RESULT OF BEING SCRATCHED ON THE PROGRAMMES.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
JOCKEYS ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
AT ENJOYABLE ANNUAL BALL
Continued from Page Seventeen.
SEARCHING FOR MINNIE RANDOLPH
18
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Two Methods oi
Treating Coughs
*""~sf!f^*^Kr m fl k. doses of nause-
¦• U m E&k a-tlng mixtures,
*~~U B contaJdng sticky
&• . iR W ' eyrups, squills,
Us J ill /TX ' lP ecac - tnorphlne,
MM *ir 1 1 )& whiskey and
HjHjk v IK other opiates
UyggpBef . - JV-r V - which upset the
HsSmz li 1 J*— i. stoniach. disturb
N<JS the llver^and lrri-
X*t* • tate th^ kidneys
S7 long after the
eoafb h"« disappeared.
New Way
There are no S JH^«L' iflSS
to be taken. No —/ ' y !\$nSEk
wat oblog the | r
clock or looking ft|' ' |l\ v@S
for lost bottle K ' 1 iu \\\
and spooiL ah I I Jf A, 1
you have to do la If \
to place the littlo |^S5ar / /I /
Inhaler in your C*LjJ
m o u t h and
breathe natural- S^^i,
ly, or In the case
of email children, place 20 drops on the
n!cst rob« when they retire and the work
la done.
This new treatment has only been made
possible by the dlsovery of HYOMEI. a
drr-air germicide that can be inhaled by
the smallest child without injury, and
which at once destroys the germs causing
the disease.
Coughs cannotexist twenty-four hours
Utou breathe HYOMEI daily.
Croup disappears In thirty minutes, and
the germs of catarrh, bronchitis and
pneumonia are completely eradicated In
a few days by simply Inhaling this new
rexxslclde.
Bead to The R. T. Booth Co.. Ithaca, N. T..
for a tree samsle of HYOMEI and you will
nevw cm anythl&c else for reeslratory dis-
eases. HYOMEI Is sold by all drujglsts or
xct by maU. Price SLOP. .
Btval Butchers Quarrel.
H. F. H. Schmidt, a butcher at 2398 Mis-
sion street, applied to the Superior Court
yesterday for an order restraining Bltzer
& Daudl&tel, a rival firm, from giving
trading stamps, vegetables or premiums
of any sort as an Inducement for patron-
age. He claims that a contract was en-
tered Into by himself and the defendants
¦whereby it was agreed that the giving of
premiums should be discontinued. The
restraining order was Issued by Judge
Hebbard.
¦¦;_¦_'¦'¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fntnrrh W?
Is a constitutional disease.
It originates in a scrofulous condition ot
the blood and depends on that condition.
It often causes headache and dizziness;
Impairs the taste, smell and hearing, af-
fects the vocal organs, disturbs the stomach.
It is always radically and permanently
cared by the blood-purifying, alterative
and tonic action of . ' .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
This great medicine has wrought the most
wonderful cures of all diseases depending
on scrofula or the scrofulous habit/ .
Hood's Pills are the. best cathtxtio.
Missouri Pacific Limited,
1 The Finest Service to the
; East via .Scenic. Route and
¦ Missouri Pacific Railways
Through Sleepers Daily
r San Francisco to" St. Louis.
' Personally i conducted ' excursions via ' this
rout* to . Chicago, New ? York, . Boston - and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
information address .-¦:• ¦' .¦:»'¦;¦¦ ¦>..-¦' •
Jj.iL FLETCHER, . *
:.-¦;•; Paclfio Coast ' Agent.
. 126 California St., San Francisco, CaL •
ADVERTISEMENTS^ „..."'
OF BALTIMORE, IVXD., SAYS:
Recommend Pe=ru=na as a Safe
Cure for Catarrh."
James A. Handy, 'Bishop of the A..M. E.,. Church of Baltbnore. Md., write* I
.. from 1341 North Carey-street: v,... - ,i*s.:> ¦¦ -. X". %¦ ;'':—' :~,*r A
,"l take pleasure in acknowledging the curative effects of Peruna. • A*
the solicitation of a friend t used your remedy and chesrtully racamixts-nd
your Poruna to all who want a good tonic and a safe ctrrj forcdtarr'h.\*
; JANES, A. HANDY. J;
Mr. George S. Chandler.' 64 Pleasant having malaria or contracting any \ con-
street, Portsmouth, N. H.. writes: - tagious disease. : •
"I take pleasure in saying that I can As the skin protects the outside of tba
cheerfully recommend the use of Peruna fff y ¦ 1 S t ,^ e n ?&i°$ 9 *™?i^ 0 t F° tec ] s ,
as a remedy for catarrh and nervousness gWSS^aSf SJ&i^^oS'S^
I have been troubled a great deal with brane.
catarrh' and nervousness, and Peruna has a congested or catarrhai mucous Bern-
cured me. I recommend its use to every brane. a mucous membrane dotted with
one suffering with like disorders." -little ulcers or spotted .with canker sores,
GEORGE S CHANDLER. W . U1 not 1 . Protect the body. Such people
¦ , ' always have colds, are sure to have th-j
Congressman Thompson of Kentucky, grip and would acquire any contagious
Ex\ongressman Phi, B. Thompsoi *gfi5 £?,£&*&£ ¦?"? «*-?«"-
™My fri«nds y 'hl!vl used vour remedy makes dlrtys -mucous membranes
to the merits of your medicines. Besides «,K' t'L T^ S?£i? aly .C d "J£ e
being one of the very best tonics, it Is a g|ata°t the^ reversed ? of an c^fm^t b ° d - 7
good. substanUal catarrh remedy/- SfS a^l cS|1§uf df^e^ 63 ' eE1 '
PHIL B. THOMPSON. If you do not derlve prompt and atLtls-
Clean Mucous Membranes, .SSTat'SSJ'to^S. -SSrSSu? £$£1
Any one who has taken Peruna has full statement of your case, and he win
clean mucous membranes. Any one who be pleased to 'give you his valuable ad-
has clean mucous membranes Is not lia- vice gratis. •
ble to catch cold, cannot have catarrh Address Dr. Hartman, President of Th«
and need not fear catching the grip or Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.
Ask your drit^ist for a tree Pe-ru-n a Alma nao. •£
o©Qoo«oco©o©ffioo©oooeQooooocoeoo©ooooo®o©o©oo
I =STEBLIN€ FUDNrrUBE=
I The Always Welcome I LotS Of Old
• Cobbler Seat RocKcr n .
• *i crc Customers
O 4>1»73 TELL US THEIR FRIENDS DON'T
a BELIEVE THEM WHEN TOLD
2 tS^f^M^Y^i THAT THEIR ENTIRE ESTAB-
5 V^ptT/l II V&&&J LJSHMENT WAS BOUGHT AT
• VC^ I I Mt&l THE "STERLING."
• \E&s». L^wQIe' they look incredulous.
• TfCnT^T R WHEN TOLD THAT SHEETS AND
• U V ill ' TABLE LINEN AND CHINA AND
a B UVUl ! ALL THE KITCHENRY WERE
a VI ' I I BOUGHT WITHOUT GOING OUT-
2 Will ' ¦ SIDE OUR DOORS.
This one Is made of mahoganized *' ff ' n 8 I ' ' *i h
• birch. The back is "neatly engraved. Jv _</' _-y 1' " , - -T :Z? '
O The arms are broad and spreading. r [-¦.->.¦> y x» *y-- '<¦*>."<¦ J^**^ .
A It has a liberal allowance of prettily . g
X turned spindles, and for additional
J? strength these are reinforced with (
• eteel rods. " _ - v
• STERLING PRICE «1.95 pi-1* XI . J
5 Pj^7 Malleable £ Iron,
0 f (ft I j:_^j; ¦¦:," I Drive the fastenings home with a
A i ' ¦ \ QiZiU sledge hammer; you can't break
#« § j them: only makes the bed stand
-X ¦ ¦• * Cj\r\j\i*r» firmer and more rigid. . ' ¦•-.•¦ .'¦¦
J: . . t f\ wOppCr ¦ Very different to the ordinary cast
2 /¦ "T* . iron fastenings, which frequently
¦• . V T«l»l« hreak and render the entire bed use-
• (C ' "it X$> IMlC less.
O \ ra) \itt%. 'the finish on these beds Is much
A /7% I . — -J5 ~ viwf e*i< F<p ' smoother than that of the ordinary
2 vV : ' . • : \5a Tkl VS metal bed. Enamel lasts longer,
x Tp' -- _ -^ > * H*** • ** looks better. Is better!
X •=? DOUBLE. THREE-QUARTER OR
2 Picture only gives a hint- It Is 29 • SINGLE SIZES 8R.OO
Z Inches In height and Is supported by .
2 thre« twisted copper legs with deli- ¦
• ca.tely scrolled ornaments. The round
• "tray' top Is 14 inches in diameter;
• the shelf below Is ten Inches. . . v;~
O Just the thing for a smoker's table vo» C>\
0 for a den or a lonesome corner. t^"-- */'•'- ¦ * i 7i
• Enlarged Drapery Dep't \^T?f?w
• Moved it into the "Annex"— 165 feet t fV?- - j-j *
O deep— think o' that for expansion! . In \gyv^
O Here is a partial list of the broken II tptH
A lots of lace curtains (one, two and ll V2K I \
2 three pairs of a kind) remaining from HI I3j •
*? last month's selling: 1\ /\
• NOTTINGHAMS, were $1.25 a pair, 11 j/3
O •> NOTTINGHAMs!'w'ere'J5.S a pair. ll S^V
§ NOTTINGHASIS." were $5.66V pair, Ig^sS'Tf'A^
f\ now So,<>0 . p F
2 NOTTINGHAMS. were J2.50 a pair. Y2$QP*M?£sF7rTSZ=?~-^
• now ...81.75 Vf3*^<s0Wm*«Zz*^
• BRUSSELS, were $12.00 a pair, now R, A"v__ --g— wr-*
o so.oo L^jn l^**%fcJl
© ARABIANS, were J13.00 a pair, now P K^S 1 *^^ I
a .so.no & s^B l^~E^^Sr I
0 ARABIANS, were J2.50 a palr^now g fmOh\ 'gij' .. <^ I
2 IRISH* POINTS." we're 58*50 a'pair. I ||'^^Tr ===^"l
• •. now :..«G.ii5 1 II II I
A And all broken lots at similar re- g, ~ f I n U ' ||
A ductlons. S» . I] —¦_¦;¦•, ll
"S ENLARGED CARPET DEPART- 1/ ll
g ment. - : - ¦ ¦ n
2 It now extends from the front doors —^s — — "* *'
© right back to Stevenson street, fifty : V^*. -
:• feet wide and PLENTY OF GOOD
O DAYLIGHT.
a ALL-WOOL SMYRNA RUGS. A slight Imperfection In the finish—
a 26x56 Inches S1.5O not up to our standard — makes these '
2 30x60 Inches S2.OO QUARTER-SAWED OAK DINING'
© 36x72 inches 82.5O CHAIRS 81.25 instead of 12.00. The
•• YOU CAN COVER YOUR ROOM backs have broad panels that show
© for #3.00 *1th that splendid heavy the richness of the wood to advan-
• matting we are selling for 15c A tage. Three extra heavy rungs in
A YARD. An almost . endless variety front and sides makes It an exeep- •
A of patterns to choose from. In 20 or tionally strong chair.' Only six to
jj 40 yard rolls only. each customer at this price.
I STERLING Furniture Company
• 1039 MARKET, OPPOSITE McALLlSTED.
•••©••••••^•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••»
; ..'* ADVERTISEMEI3T3.
IT IS, A SHAME FOR f
¦ ANY CASE OF |
Pit pq|
TO BE" CUT. I
— •- - jf
I VlODERN SCIENCE HAS COM- %
l " pletely mastered th© disease J$
without sur—ry or delay. DO NOT ??
ALLOW ' YOURSELF TO BE >?
BUTCHERED . UNTIL. YOU HAVE > j
INVESTIGATED. Over one thou- \l
sand cases' permanently cured 5;
without a single failure. 500 of ft
whom live In the city of San Fran- Z>
Cisco. THE NAMES OF 75 PRO XI- ?t
INENT BUSINESS MEN SENT %
AS REFERENQE. Do not take K
i my word for It, but find out what $
they have to say. The worst cases h,
z wanted. Write to-day for further. S
l particulars. - Address RESIDENT ¦ <t i
PHYSICIAN, box 2673,. Call Office. *X
; Sah Francisco. ??
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Headache, Soup Stomach, Dizzi-
ness, indigestion and Constipa-
tion ; are : sy mptf.ms of a disordered
stomach. The Bitters is a specific
remedy for the stomach, and will
cure these diseases;- We urge you
to.give ita^trial. - ~
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great I
5 MUSEUM OF HaflTOim
$ & losmm? sr.iat. 6±*?i,s.r.cn. I
,\ ' -\*F^~. " The Larcest Anatomic*] Museum In the V
m ' m»JwKj*m. World - Weaknesses er any contracted Q
V flngfaM *>ti«|K.«iil«<-lyr«rf^ by the oldest W
0 IkBI Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. - ©
1 flftfi DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF. MEN A
\ InjS^g Consultation free and strictly prurate. \
m m Iftt a Trutment personally or by letter. A 3
\ I W SI ¦•"*•'*»'• Our* in e»ery ease undertaken. . \
Mtti 11# Write for Book. rHILO«OI»BV«f A
f« ff ll HARRIAGE, MAIUD FKKB, (AT
1 & '-'• cr -> T *' u *' >Ie to? 0 *- f° r mrB ><i'5i3ftk3S£xhaWA
f Da JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St..S. P. V' LA CROSSE. Wls., Jan. 25. — Judge FruH
to-day appointed Robert Lowney receiver o)
the .La Crosse Brown Harvester Company,
capitalized at $200,000. The case was based
on an unpaid Judgment of the Exchange Stat*
Bank.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— The Postofflci
Department was advised to-day that
much mall was lost in the collision on th«
Santa Fe between trains 6 and 7, neai
Coolidge, Kan., last Monday. The formei
train carried closed pouches containing
mail from Denver, Colorado Springs, Pu
eblo and other points in Colorado and des<
tlned for Eastern points. All this mall
was destroyed, but the mall in the othei
train was saved, except a few letters.
Hail !Lost in a Collision.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.— Among the
President's callers to-day was Judge
Tachereau, a distinguished member of the
Supreme Court of Canada. He was re
ceived at the request of xjord Pauncefote,
the British Embassador, and talked with
the President some time in the Cabinet
room..
Canada Jurist at White House.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— The Senate
Committee on Judiciary this afternoon
authorized Senator Hoar, as chairman of
that committee, to appoint a sub-commit
tee of five to consider the various bills be
fore the committee dealing with the sub
ject of anarchy.
Laws to Suppress Anarchy.
Man Accused of Murdering a Wyom
ing Sheriff Is in Danger of
Being Lynched.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 25.— Citizens of
Natrona County, Wyoming, are thorough
ly aroused over the report " that Charles
Woodward, the murderer, of Sheriff Rlck
er has been captured by. officers at Edg-
mont. South Dakota, and it is feared that
Woodward will receive rough usage, or
even be summarily lynched, when he ar
rives at Casper, says a Sheridan, Wyo.,
special. The full details of ' the capture
at Edgmont have jot yet been made
known, but Sheriff Neilsen of Sheridan
County is reported as saying that there
can be no doubt that the man now under
arrest is Woodward.' Officers are on the
way to Casper - with ¦ him. No . murder
committed in .Wyoming in recent years
has aroused , as much feeling as that of
Sheriff Ricker, who was exceedingly pop
ular. Every precaution will be taken to
protect the prisoner, but it Is feared that
: grave trouble will result.
WOODWARD MAY RECEIVE
H :" V :/<VERY ROTJGH USAGE
BERLIN, Jan. 25.— The Prince of Wales,
who has come to Berlin to represent King
Edward at the celebration of the anni
versary of the birth ot Emperor William
next Wednesday, was received with great
ceremony on his arrival this evening. Em
peror William, wearing the uniform of the
First Dragoons, accompanied by his sec
ond son and a number of distinguished
personages, awaited on the station plat
form the arrival of the Prince's train.
The Prince of Wales, also wearing the
uniform of the First Dragoons, upon
alighting from the train, was greeted by
the Emperor, who advanced and shook his
hand. The Prince and tne Emperor, side
by side, passed down the line of the guard
while the band played the British an
them. The military escort passed in re
view before the Emperor and his royal
visitor, who afterward drove to the pal
ace, where they dined with the Imperial
family.
At Emperor William's special order an
unusual number of police occupied the
streets. The crowds, however, were small
and showed little interest. ~ • oul *. 11
to Attend Kaiser's Birthday
Celebration.
Prince of Wales Arrives at Berlin
WILLIAM WELCOMES
KINQ EDWARD'S SON
Danger of a Strike on AH the
Railways May Be
' ] Averted.
ROME, Jan. 25. — The Official Journal to
night announces that the covernment has
taken a decided stand in view of the ru r
mors of an impending strike upon all the
great railways in Italy. The Cabinet an
nounces that it cannot consider a] railway
strike, affecting, as it does, great public
interests. In the same category with a
strike of ordinary workers, but will class
such action as a strike of public servants
as punishable under the penal code.
While determined not to allow a railway
strike the Cabinet recognizes the right of
the working classes to improve their own
condition, and therefore the Government
has approached the railroad companies
with a view of obtaining the desired con
cessions, which it is confident it can d.o. .
ITALIAN GOVERNMENT
TO AID LABOR'S CAUSE
"With extreme cleverness the Ameri
cans, under cover of establishing a great
national principle, made the French own
ers of the Panama route eager to sell
their property. The Americans were at
once persuaded that the Panama
route was the better in nearly every par
ticular. The thrifty Frenchman, out of
whose pocket . the money was originally
wheedled, must grin and bear this final
shame as he may. Completed by Ameri
can capital and energy, the canal will be
a boon to international commerce \ and
will probably give an impetus to the con
struction of the American merchant ma
rine with a navy to match it."
"The Americans can do one thing to
perfection— they can drive a hard bargain.
The sufferer on this occasion is France,
which was completely hoodwinked by the
American bluff. The Panama directors
have agreed to sell their rights for $40,
000,000 and the United States will jump at
the proposal. The Americans' have made
a very good bargain; better, perhaps,
than is seemly in international dealings."
The Outlook somewhat in the same vein
says:
LONDON, Jan. 23.— The report of the
Isthmian Canal Commission at Washing
ton favoring the acceptance of the offer
of the Panama Canal Company to sell its
property and rights to the United States
for $40,000,000 causes some comment here.
The Saturday Review aays:
Britons Think French
men Are Sqeezed in
• Sale of Canal.
AMERICA DRIVES
A HARD BARGAIN
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— Edward V. Mor
gran, second secretary of legation at St.
PetersburK, has been selected to fill the va
cancy In the State Department caused by the
death of Thomas Keller. Mr. Morgan la a
native of New York and has had considerable
diplomatic experience.
"He has ever been ready to enlighten
the public opinion of his country ana to
show that Germany entertained no omin
ous plans against the United States. Mr.
White's political work has not been in
vain. Prince Henry's visit is an Impres
sive manifestation of the German em
pire's desire to cherish its friendship for
the American republic."
Dr. Barth, in the Nation, dwelling on
the political significance of the trip
recognizes the great service of the United
States Embassador here, Andrew White,
in preventing misunderstanding between
the two countries. Barth says:
His Majesty has taken the leading New
York newspapers since Prince Henry's
trip was planned and has clipped articles
which he thought would Interest the
Prince's suite and has sent them to the
Prince. The principal German news
papers will send special correspondents
to New York en the Kron Prinz Wilhelm
Among them will be Captain Dannen
hauer of the Lokal Anzeiger, Alexander
von Huhn of the Vossische Zeitung and
Konard Alberts, editor of the Berlin
Horning Post.
Prince Henry's attitude toward the press
when in the United States has been the
subject of consideration by his counselors
While the Prince will not be interviewed,
he desires to show respect for the pro
fession and will give an audience to the
newspaper men with the understanding
that he is not to be quoted. What the
Prince has to say will be issued through
the official channels.
"That Prince Henry, as the representa
tive of the German Emperor, comes in
Immediate contact with the press is a
particularly happy thought. The modern
spirit inspiring the whole expedition is
brought sharply into view through the
Emperor's brother becoming the guest of
Journalists."
The dinner to be given in Prince Hen
ry's honor, under the auspices of the
New York Staats Zeitung, to the press of
the United States, is the feature of the
Prince's diversion which is attracting the
most attention here. Prince Henry him
self asked particularly about this feature
of the programme and when told that
some of the editors would probably travel
3000 miles to be present, he expressed
wonder. Dr. Barth says, in the Nation
to-day:
Prince Henry, who is now here, will re
turn to Kiel February 10, and remain
there till be goes to Bremen to embark
for the United States. The various mem
bers of the Prince's party will assemble
at Bremen, February 14. The sailing of
Prince Henry will not be marked by any
special ceremony, nor, so far as known,
will any member of the royal household
see the Prince off.
BERLIN, Jan. 25.— When Emperor Wil
liam bids Prince Henry of. Prussia fare
well, prior to the latter's departure for
the United States, their parting will be
a simple private affair. No speeches for
publication will be exchanged. The leave
taking will assume the form of a mili
tary act, in which an officer receives the
last Instructions from his sovereign be
fore going on an important mission. It
is undestood that his Majesty will give
Prince Henry written memoranda of
what he wishes his royal brother to com
municate to President Roosevelt.
German Emperor Gives
Prince Henry Reading
Matter.
KAISER CLIPS
THE NEWSPAPERS
He said he took the hammer in one
hand, lifted it high in the air and brought
it down on the head of Cooper, who was
asleep on the cot.
Alexander Dean Cooper, who was mys
teriously assaulted some time Wednes
day night in the Vista bathhouse, of
which he was proprietor, was secretary
of the Graham Paper Company. He was
interested in other lines of business and
Is said to have been one of the heaviest
holders of real estate in St. Louis. He
was rated as a millionaire, his estate be
ing valued anywhere between one and
two million dollars.
Strother, who has been, constantly
"sweated" by Chief Desmond, finally
broke down this morning just prior to the
time for the Coroner's inquest to begin
and confessed all.
NEGRO MTTEDEH2B TELLS
HOW HE COMMITTED CRIME
Attendant at a St. Louis Bathhouse
Confesses to the Police
Authorities.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 25.— William Strother,
the negro attendant at the Vista Turkish
bath house at Grand avenue and Frank
lin street, has confessed the murder of
Alexander Dean Cooper. The confession
was made to-day before Chiefs Kiley and
Desmond and a police stenographer.
Strother signed the confession when
transcribed.
George P. Morrow, vice president of the
association, delivered an able speech in
favor of the reopening of the track. He
said he could not see why it should not be '
reopened. He called attention to the mag
nificent property in the outskirts of the
city that was going, to waste. He argued
that as there was racing on every side of
the city there ought to be racing here, so
that the merchants would reap the bene
fit. He heartily seconded tne motion and
expressed the hope that the committee
sent by the association would use Its ut
most endeavors to . bring about . the re
opening of the track, and that every mem-
Joseph Magner, a fellow director, fol
lowed and made a motion that the chair
man appoint a committee of three to at
tend the next meeting of the Board of
Supervisors and appeal to the members
to vote for the reopening of the race
track. He dwelt on the benefits to be de
rived from racing In this city. He be
lieved that if there was to be racing at
Oakland and Tanforan, there should be
racing In San Francisco. He said the
residents wanted it and were bound to
have It, as was evidenced by the thou
sands who crossed the ferry daily to at
tend the races. W. A. Miller in second
ing the motion also spoke heartily in fa
vor of racing in San Francslco.
Will Go Before Supervisors.
The speaker was interrupted with cries
of "We do! We do!" and loud hurrahs for
the racetrack.
Gentlemen, you have seen by the press that
an ordinance has been introduced before the
Board of Supervisors for the reopening of the
Ingleslde racetrack. I believe that the re
opening of that track will be a benefit to
every merchant in San Francisco, whether or
not he eella hay or grain. - /
The money that is being spent across the
bay and in other counties will be spent here.
We are not In business for our health and
it behooves us to take some, action in this
important matter. I desire to have an ex
pression of opinion from the members of this
association as to whether or not we want
the lngleside track reopened.
Frank A. Somers, director of the organ
ization, brought the matter before the
members. He -said that all were there to
have a good time, but business of im
portance to the association and the wel
fare of its members could not be Ignored.
The banqueters were impressed with Mr.'
Somers' statement and silence pervaded
the banquet hall. Continuing, he said:
track reopen. Action In the mat
ter was taken during the height of the
eighth annual banquet of the hay dealers,
and not a dissenting vote was voiced
against it. The motto of the association
Is "Make hay while the sun shines," and
they followed it to the letter by tem
porarily ceasing their festivities to re
solve themselves Into an executive body.
BY a unanimous vote the members
of the San Francisco Hay Asso
ciation last night expressed their
desire to have the Ingleside race-
The Danish cruiser Valkyrlen will're
main here indefinitely, if is reported, so
as to guard against disturbances, which,
it Is believed, however, are not likely to
occur.
ST. THOMAS. D. W. I.. Jan. 25.-The
announcement which reached here of the
signing of the treaty by which Denmark
sells the Danish "West Indies to the
United States was received quietly. There
was no open manifestation, but .much
anxiety prevails regarding the develop
ments. Nothing official i has yet been re
ceived from Copenhagen. The Governor
of St. Thomas has declined to be inter
viewed. >£«**> j- .„ _; ¦. . ; ;. ._*-.-
DANES AT ST. THOMAS
ANXIOUSLY AWAIT NEWS
Announcement of the Sale of Islands
Is Received. Without Serious
Murmur.
'•President of the United States," H. C
Somers; "Merchants' Exchange," H. Kppinger;
"Our Country Friends." R. P. Lathrop; "Fu
ture Prospects," Joseph Magner; "Prophecies,"
George P. Morrow; "A Good Word," Simon
Anspacher: "What Our Fathers Have Taught
Us," A. W. Scott Jr.
Among those seated at the banquet
board were: t
H. Epplnger, Joseph Magner, R. P. Lathrop.
H. C. Somers, A. W. Scott Jr., A. Hatt Jr.,
S. Hewlett, George P. Morrow, W. A; Miller,
H. P. Chadbourne, . W. Cerkle, K. A. Somers,
A. E. Blum, H. C. Ellis, S. Anspacher E.
Fell, S. Walter. E. Mehlert, G. Ingersoli, S.
Seller, H. A. Seller, E. Salz, H. Jones, Georgo
P. Vaughn, W. H. Hughes, L. A. Dougherty,
\V. Dickens, J. Epan, H. Lamberton, P.
Anspacher. L. A. Meyer. N. T. Jensen C
Wagner, J. Hammond, 9am Jacobi, A Depaoli
P. H. Adamson. M. Perry, E. Wilds, Frederick
Humburg. W. B. Utter. G. J. Wellington, H.
Stindt. T. Evans, F. Schmidt. P. Demlngs, J.
McKenna, Charles Mills, J. J. McNamara ' H
Johnson, L. Ghielmettl. S. W. Lauder, J. Stel
llng, -S. Levlt, A. S. Nelson. G. Mazzein M
Mullaney, G. Graham. E. B. Koons F* P
Lautenvasser, P. B. Stumpf, j. Carroll J*
Matthlesen, D. Keefe. H. B. Goecken, E. Mc^
troni. F. H. Grant. H. Pausman. A. Pallies
H. Glnocchlo. A. Pillirinl. W. K. Gotzkow D
J. Rine, J. C. Peters, G. B. Podesta J Gan
dolfo. K. Algeltlnger, G. Christman. E Ber
ringer. E. Plath, T. Toohy. E. GoodfellOW B
D. Schulken. H. Schujken. M. Joost. A. Joosti
M. Bullerdick. P. S. O'Rourke, A. Huslne H
Stokes, Fred Smith. John Moirlssey. Sam Ran
dall. Ed Randall. William Walter. H. T. Jones
H. A. Ringstorff, Thomas Murphy. George
g eC a=^seS II G^ n rWe A Ja F e r g e e i ,f On - J ° SePh Arendt '
The following toasts and responses were
made: -
Toasts Responded To.
During the progress of the banquet
some things not down on the elaborate
menu were presented. Sam Jacobi told
a number of stories that were relished
and his Imitations created a deal of mer
riment among the guests.. J. W. Kelly,
a popular entertainer, was received with
enthusiasm and he repaid the banqueters
with songs and apt stories. Other well
known artists participated and made
things merry. - Bruck's orchestra fur
nished music throughout the evening and
the banqueters made the hall ring with
their rollicking songs.
President, Philip Anspacher; vice president.
Georgre P. Morrow; secretary, Fred Schmidt:
board of directors — Joseph Magner, Frank -A.
Soraers and W. A. Miller.
The following 1 were appointed a com
mittee to go before the Board of Super
visors to-morrow afternoon and urge the
reopening of Ingleslde: - Joseph Magner.
George P. Morrow and Edward Aigel
tinger. ' • * - '• ¦ ' • • . '
When the cheering had subsided the
banqueters continued their repast. Pre
liminary to the banquet the association
elected the following officers for the en
suing year:
ber of the association who had the wel
fare of himself and fellow members at
heart would take off his coat and work
strenuously to have the Supervisors pass
the ordinance.
riembers of the San Francisco Association
Are to Appeal to Supervisors to
Authorize Racing Here. ;
HAYMEN UNANIMOUSLY
INDORSE THE ORDINANCE
TO REOPEN INGLESIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
19
ADVEETISEMENTS.
The stomach is a larger factor in tt life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness"
than most people are aware. Patriotism
can withstand hunger but not dyspepsia.
- The confirmed, dys-
\^ . peptic "is fit for
pK treason, stratagems
\v\—^3L- and spoils." The
V, VjrffVK man Who goes to the
\4JS3f* front for his country
V^^^fefi^ with a -weak stomach
JP&ajiWFt will be a weak
/[§|aSt| \\f soldier, and a . fault
A sound stomach
malces for good citi-
I**egfflimjj5 zenship as well as
f- M&&Mv% health and happi-
****^ / Diseases of the
'. ' / stomach and other
ri organs of diges-
. ./ y tion and nutrition
* / \ji* B.re promptly and
sbm Vggfc/ permanently cured
*H Hi °y the use of Dr.
lw ' Hi Pierce's Golden Med-
W §|j ical Discovery. It
2 Us builds up the body
/«3 with sound flesh and
** taSgkfr muscle.
**- tl * «Afler I received the
advice which you gave me in regard to my
treatment," writes Geo. Dorner. Esq., of 1915
Pulaski Street, Baltimore, Maryland,- « I used
your • Golden Medical Discovery ' according to
directions. After using four bottles I considered
myself cured, as I have not felt any symptoms
since. Had tried almost all remedies that I
heard of that were good for dyspepsia, but with-
out relief. Finally, I became discouraged, and
wrote to you for advice, with the above result"
The dealer who offers a substitute for
the « Discovery " is only seeking to make
the little more profit realized on the sole
of less meritorious preparations. 2
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is stnt/ree on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 one-cent stamps for the paper covered
book, or 31 stamps for the doth bound.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce. Bufhlo. N. Y.
BDTTCU17O for barbers, bak-
¦Dri LJjniLu ers bootblacks, bath-
w mm^ £T houses, billiard table*. "
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, nourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
banters, printers, painters, shoo factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*, eta
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramonto St
Radway's
Pills
. Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
-healthful regularity. - ¦ _
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
itlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera, 25c a box. At Druggists, or
, by mail. RADWAT & CO.. New York.
_ _ "._ ADVERTISEMENTS. • _ _' . _¦
¦ 1 tVPm bTSH 1531 w3 K^^^mSSM .^¦rBSl CCS r«— ¦" ¦ Y^- • *^ '^^*
No one would be so foolish as to kindle the fire on top fe^^^^^^^^S^^S
of a pot to make it boil, yet the treatment of Catarrh is often IWt^Kt^S^^^^^^
just as senseless and illogical. Douches, sprays, ointments,
so-called tobacco cures, and various other applications, are
diligently used, but the little good accomplished is swept away
by the first breath of winter. When you attempt to cure a _ c;v=£^^^^^^?V
constitutional disease — one affecting the entire system — with
purely local remedies, you are applying the fire to the top of^
the pot, you are doctoring symptoms; and, like thousands of^^ft-^^^^^^^^^miSfe^
others, get disappointing results. In Chronic Catarrh, the whole system becomes involved-
' the entire mucous membrane, or inner covering of the body, is in a state of high inflamma^
tion. The pressure of blood upon the glands and cells produce excessive secretion of mucus
much of which is absorbed into the blood and distributed to all- parts of the body. In this
way the stomach, kidneys aud intestines are often seriously affected.
\ , Tlie hosje, throat, and ears are most frequently attacked by this foul disease because
the mucous lining is exposed to the cold, damp air, which attracts the vitiated blood to the
st. jowph, mo., March 24, looi. surface, causing congestion of the little blood vessels and
JL^wajrVS^jf 5?*££ ; ~7 £aS glands, making breathing difficult and labored; the throat
£Sk™2r£SiJg. th i hSYmSS \ ecomes parched and dry; the hot, watery discharge from
annoyinar cough, also, i tried a number the nose gradually changes to a yellowish color and
doetor^Tbu" lot 1 "^ becoming more profuse and tenacious, drops back into the
rec°o U mmended%o to meTboVai ft*, use^d ?"***> causmg^agging and almost constant coughing to
SKS'lSSf £X SSSSJSS^SS dlslo . d 2 e :t ; / h . 1S offens ! ve discharge, in spite of all pre-
¦inoe. miss 3HABY l. stobm, cautions, nnds its way into the stomach, and extreme
601 Praaci. street. , nausea q^^ an obstinate f orm of dyspepsia follow.
Blinding headaches, neuralgia of the eyes and dizziness are also symptoms of this
disease, and when the inflammation reaches the delicate mechanism of the ear, hearing is lost,
and, as the blood becomes more deeply poisoned, the tissues and soft bones'in. the head are
eaten out, greatly disfiguring the face. At this stage of Catarrh the breath becomes insuffer-
ably offensive. S. S. S. is the simplest and most effective treatment for Catarrh, and when
taken into the circulation reaches all parts of the system and cleanses the blood of all
Catarrhal matter and restores it to a normal condition. When rich, new blood begins to flow
through the veins, the obstructed glands and broken down cells resume their natural
functions, and the 1 hot and inflamed membranes are lubricated and moistened with a soothing-
healing fluid that quickly brings relief to the congested parts. S. S. S. puts the bloodin
such perfect. condition and so strengthens and invigorates the general health that the local
S^ssasssjw rtga—"an manifestations of the disease gradually disappear, the dis-
§0°^^ B4^^3 charge from the nose ceases, the head clears, breathing
I %^*^ S %^T7 ecomes eas y an( * natural, the appetite improves, and a
perfect and permanent cure is effected.
I&TjI J |^*_2) M S.S. S. is the only guaranteed purely vegetable blood
%^ m Z& purifier. It contains no minerals to further poison the
7*~^^ blood and derange the digestion, but can be taken with
perfect safety in all stages and forms of Catarrh. Our physicians will gladly advise with-
out charge, all who write them about their case. Book on Blood and Skin Diseases free.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. Atlanta. Ga.
A T* y KKTTR'P.'MTrfTT^.
n San Francisco. Sunday, 26 January, 1902. R
I Iron Crib, $9.75 j
o . o ¦ '
Fortunate indeed will be the child who can call such- a crib H
as this his (or her) own. Built of iron, enameled plain white, B
with corners tipped with brass knobs. The sides drop down, f
permitting: child to get in with ease. Equipped with woven wire Q
mattress and castors, and measuring 30 inches wide by 55 inches 1
in length. The many conveniences of this little bed are a reve- |
lation to mothers and fathers who were contented with a more 1
primitive affair. Price $Q./5- B
The most complete line of children's carriages, jro-carts. B
cribs, cradles, folding beds, chairs, rockers, high chairs, etc., I
I displayed in San Francisco will be found here. 1
I (Successors lo California Furniture Co.) 1
- 9S7 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AREOUjCI^TOM
Good Doctors Are Quick to See
and Appreciate Real Merit
in New Medicines.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a discovery
of great value to the medical profession and
the public. They are an unfailing specific* in
all cases of, dyspepsia and disordered diges-
tion.
Almost everybody's digestion is disordered
more or less, and the commonest thins they
do for it is to take some one of the many so-
called blood purifiers, which in many casts are
merely strong cathartics. Such things are not
needed. If the organs ar/j in a clogged condi-
tion, they need only a little help and they
will right themselves. Cathartics irritate the
sensitive linings of the stomach and bowels
and often do more harm than good.
Purging is not what .is needed. * The thing
to do is to put the food in condition to be
readily digested and assimilated. Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets do this' perfectly. They
partly digest what" is eaten and give the
stomach Just the help it needs. They stimu-
late the secretion and .excretion of the diges-
tive fluids and relieve the congested condition
of the glands and membranes. They put the
whole digestive system in condition to do its
work. When that is done you need take no
more tablets, unless you eat what does not
agree, with you. Then take one or two tab-
lets—give them needed help and you will hav*
no trouble.
It's a common-sense medicine and a com-
mon-sense treatment , and It will cure fverv
time. Not only cure the disease but "cur* ?>,»
cause. Goes about It In a perfectly senalbu
and scientific way. tuy &enslt >le
We have testimonials enough to ail a. hnnb
but we don't publish many of them How-
ever— . • avw
Mrs. K. M. Faith - of Byrd's Creek Wi«
says: "1 have taken all the Tablets I* pot «f
you and they have done their work well in \r,t
case. for. I feel like a different person
gether. I don't doubt if I had not ; lot th™ i
Should have been at rest by this time"
H. E. Wlllard, Onslow. la., says- -Mr
White of Canton was telling me of your Dvb
pepsia Tablets curing him of Dyspepsia, fron^
which h« had suffered for eight yeaw iT?
am a sufferer myself I wish you to send me
a package by return mall.". c
- Phil . Brooks, Detroit, Mich., says- ""Your
dyspepsia, cure has worked * wonders in my
case. ¦ I suffered for years from dyspepsia but
am now entirely ' cured - and enjoy ltf« «, J
never have before. I gladly recommend them •*
- It will cost 60c to find out Just how much
Stuart's Dyspepsia. Tablets will help you Try
them — that's the best way to decide. ¦'-
All. druggists .sell-them., .A little book ' on*
stomach diseases wll be ¦ mailed free by ad-
dressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
Son of *n Earl Is Wedded.
LONDON. Jan. 25.— The marriage of
Lord Stavendale. eldest son of the fifth
Earl of Ilchester. and Lady Helen Vaue-
Tempest-Stewart. only daughter of the
Marquis of Londonderry, took place at
St. Peter's Church, Eton square, to-day.
The ceremony was one of the smartest
affairs of the kind *een In London for
years past. It was estimated that the
presents, which were numerous, were
v.-orth upward o* £350,000.
PARTS Jan. 25. — Adolph Schmidt, the fugi-
tive director of the Cassel Getreide Trocknung
• rrain drving) Company, who disappeared In
July Ie« at the time of the failure of that
concern, has bee? arrested here in response
to Germany's request for his extradition.
BMSCHINSKi I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCD. |
I SATIN JULIETS 75c. g
Just another week and we take
stock, so this Is virtually your last
chance to buy the bargain of your
life. Remember what we advertise
are stylish, up-to-date goods that
are simply short lines, and we wish
to dispose of them. This week La-
dies' Bed, Blue and Old Gold Quilt-
ed Satin, fur trimmed Juliets, with
French heels, offered at 73c A
PAIR. Sizes 3 to 7; widths B to D. 9
LADIES' ONE-STRAP PATENT
LEATHER or French Bronze Kid
i or Vici Kid Sandals reduced for
I this week only to 75c A PAIR.
I We have every size from A to E
I in some style, but not every size In
I every style. 3
| PARENTS, READ THIS— Misses' U
j spring heel, button and lace shoes m
B In box calf and vici kid; short lines n
I mixed, but every pair guaranteed; H
y shoes that you have been paying M
fj J1.25 and 11.50 for sold this week for U
N 75c A PAIR. Sizes 10 to 2; widths R
¦ a to e. . n
B LADIES' PATENT LEATHER B
H OXFORDS, with vesting tops and B
rl French heels. Southern Ties and H
Bi Vld Kid Oxfords. Sizes bunched B
H together: odds and ends closed H
jr| out at 75c A PAIR. H
Eg MEN'S HAND-SEWED CON- B
¦ GRESS GAITERS in patent leath- B
¦ er, Alaska seal and French calf: I
j odd cizes; reduced to 81.30 A B
|| PAIR. ... Jl
H WE DO NOT GUARANTEE TO 1
a FILL COUNTRY ORDERS on any i
H of the above shoes or oxfords, as K
B the stock is limited and we have m
j not full sixes. £2
! PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
I 10 THIRD STREET. . , 1
P y San Francisco. u
jo t . ' n
liPriedman'g Furniture j
I Poor "Lo" I
1 gives us" the most striking and decorative patterns |
I for rugs. The weird beauty of the Navajo blanket |
1 is in these rugs. Made of thick, soft Donkoi Wool I
§ 19 by 45 inches, 5 patterns, 75 CCIltS
I 30 by 60 inches, 5 patterns, |, 75
I 36 by j$ inches, 5 patterns, 2.95
I Wool Velvet Carpets I
H Four selections that will meet the requirements of any home or occasion. ' B
0 Measure your rooms, sew, line and lay at these prices— across the bay, too: p
g One patttern tan-clouded ivory ground, roses and green leaf TCp y
¦ festoon design. A pleasing pattern for any room in the house / 3 1/« M
H One Hit* and -Miss English Brussels pattern. One of the np«
a most effective velvets for hall, library, living room or offices 03 v«
S One Arabian pattern; a faithful copy of a famous sheik's Qflp
M favorite rug. With border. A delghtful drawing room car oet */Uv« •
1 One India pattern with the warmth of color and intricacy q pp
1 h of design so dear to the Hindoo's heart. The richest velvet lustre «f Dt
§ -w .*-*. '*m. **+. A- *-^. /«% s~*. P er C* ni ' Reductions on Furnl-
1 In Oil III \? fj ture marked as stock taking pro-
1 A Vr <** *J^J \ V/ p-esses. Something In every line,
y • / 1 *— ' on every floor. Reductions are |i
H on duplicate patterns, broken sets and lines and discontinued makes. All if
¦ are good. The be*t chance for a material saving we've ever offered. NOW p
j. "The Credit House? Six Stories Hi^h. I
I 233-235-237 Post Street. .Phone Private Ex. 37 1Both colonies, it' is pointed out, have
more meat than customers, and when
they are doing all in their power to build
up and strengthen the empire, it Is in
comprehensible that trade is given to for
eigners, especially Argentina, thus bring
ing into the field a keen competitor with
the people of Australasia. The producers
further declare that they feel such action
Is wrong and unfriendly and that the
blunders should be promptly retrieved.
SYDNEY. N. S. W., .. Jan. , 25.-The
placing of contracts in Argentina by the
British War Office to supply meats and
other produce for the troops in South
Africa has engendered extreme irritation
throughout Australasia. This action of
the Imperial authorities is regarded as
evidence of a reprehensible indifference to
the claims of the colonies, as ill accord
ing with the expression of imperial soli
darity, as poor repayment for the sacri
fices of the colonists and generally as a
grave injustice.
Most of the Premiers of Australasia and
the Premier of New Zealand have cabled
to the Imperial Government strong pro
tests in practically identical terms, say
ing that the two colonies are able to sup
ply the War Office requirements In South
Africa three times over.
The fact that these documents were of no
importance did not alter the violation of
strict neutrality. The case, the Minister
said, was bound to have an important
bearing on the question as to what service
a neutral ambulance corps might render
In future wars.
THE HAGUE, Jan. 25.-The Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Melvin Van Lyndon, re
plying to-day to an interpellation in the
First Chamber of the States General, said
he had done his utmost to secure the re
lease of the Dutch members of the Red
Cross Society, who are held as prisoners
in Ceylon, but was forced to admit regret
fully that those persona naa placed them
selves In an almost indefensible position
by carrying Boer letters.
PRETORIA, Jan. 25.— Lord' Kitchener
has authorized General Vilolmel, a sur
rendered burgher,' to raise an additional
Boer corps of 1500 men. General Vilolmel
has written a letter to ex-President Steyn,
warning the latter of his intention to form
such a corps and adding that the Boers
in the concentration camps are tired of
the useless struggles, and are determined
to help the British end it.
Kitchener Authorizes the
Raising of Additional
* Corps.
HOPELESS BOERS
HELP BRITISH
cites the object of the Hague Peace Con
ference and calls for the passage of a
resolution by Congress that the American
nation extends its sympathy to the
Boers and that the British Government
be asked to accept the services of this
country to settle the trouble in South
Africa,
Sympathize With the Boers.
The Transvaal League proposes to cir
culate petitions for signature and present
the same to Congress asking the inter
vention of the United States in the war
In South Africa between the Boers and
the British Government. The petition re-
The further Inquiry Into the grain rata
situation was put off by reason of th*
enforced absence of several Kansas City;
witnesses.
management of affairs as before January
1, 1902, and that there had been no or
ders or suggestions as to management
from the Northern Securities Company
or any of its directors.
The commission ended Its sitting: with
Mellen* s testimony and took an adjourn
ment until Wednesday at Washington.
D. C.
MEXICO, Mo., Jan. 25.— A wreck, oc
curred to-day on the branch of the Cnl
cago and Alton road running from Jeffer
son City to this place. When about four
miles from here the freight train, which
carries passengers, was thrown from the
track, presumably by a broken rail. Near
ly all the passengers in the coach were In
jured, some seriously.
The seriously injured are: J. E. Bonn.
Fulton, Mo., ribs broken and badly
bruised; James Humphreys, Superintend
ent of the Public Schools at Fulton, hurt
In abdomen and bruised; A. W. Frazler,
Jacksonville 111., hips injured; W. E.
Pooley, Hlbernla, Mo., muscles and hlpa
hurt; T. E. Whltmore, Memphis, Tenn.,
concussion of the brain.
in Wreck Caused by a Broken
Bail. .
rive Persons Are Seriously Injured
TRAIN LEAVES TRACK
AND PASSENGERS SUITES
The law Involved by the appeal to the
courts will cost an enormous sum of
money, and it may be continued over a
protracted period. The evangelicals ara
determined to fight to the Wtter end,
while the Archbishop of Canterbury haa
retained Sir EM ward Clarke as counsel,
and Dr. Gore has a formidable array of
lawyers. Commenting on the affair the
Globe savs:
"The right of the King- to appoint
Bishops of the national church Is too
firmly established to be contested, and In
these days there is no fear oi the right
being abused." 1*r' _;
It Is understood that King Edward la
annoyed by the indignant objection* ta
his nominee, and it is quits probable that
the ancient form for the confirmation o£
the prelates may be abandoned, thus
avoiding giving the ecclesiastical agita
tors the opportunity v cb they might
have of making a dlstu. oance.
LONDON, Jan. 25.— The efforts by ap
peal to the courts to prevent the confirm
ation of the election of the Right Rev.
Charles Gore to the bishopric of Worces
ter attract wide attention.
Objections to Bishopric
Selection Irritate
Ruler.
KING EDWARD
MAY INTERFERE
Charles 8. Mellen, president of the
Northern Pacific, was then called. Mellen
said his conferences jwith'J. J. Hill were
not more frequent or potent than those
with any other presidents of Northwest
ern roads. He Bald there were no agree
ments between the Northern Pacific and
either the Great Northern, Union Pacific
or Canadian Pacific roads on allotment
of traffic or on differentials. The North
ern Pacific was just as independent in its
George B. Harris, president of the old
and new Burlington companies, then tes
tified as to the transfer of the Chicago,
Burlington and Qulncy Railroad Com
pany's effects to the Chicago, Burlington
and Qulncy Railway Company, promised
to furnish the commission a copy of the
ninety-nine year lease of the road and
said that none of his conferences with
Hill or others had any " reference other
than to the general efficiency of the road.
He said it was the hope of the new com
pany to be able to reduce rates, and said
such reduction would follow only natural
conditions. He favored publicity for all
rates transactions. •
Bailroad Presidents Heard.
He stated that this, however, need not
have been done in such a company. The
suggestion was made by the commission
that this company might also prevent re
duction of published rates by competing
roads. He did not consider the company
afforded a power of concentration for
pooling. Other large considerations than
stockholding 1 , he held, Influence rates.
"If Hill or- myself owned all the roads
the people would get better rates because
of conditions. With a freer hand we
could the better regulate rates to any
POint."-- ».-•* - ,-,-'- , - .:¦ •
He added that he did not think compe
tition ever reduced rates more than tem
porarily. • . •- ¦ • ¦ • -
At the conclusion of his testimony Har
riman took a special train for New York.
Hill, who: was not called again to the
stand, was excused and accompanied
Harriman.
"It may enable us," said Harriman,
"when brought so close together, to elim
inate the prevailing ¦ distrust as to the
various lines maintaining, traffic rates.
The complaint has been of too high rates.
We may be able to stop the discrimina
tion in rates of one shipper against an
other."
Harriman insisted that the common In
terest of all systems now affiliated under
the Northern Securities Company must
be considered rather than the so-called
community of interest. He said he was a
member of the board of directors of the
Securities Company and Hill was Its pres
ident, but the combination under that
company affected rates in no wise. He
told how, shortly after the scramble over
Northern Pacific stock, Mugan had b«en
given a proxy by him in oialer to sell the
stock again. It was understood the sale
was to be effected in cash and securities—
the latter in the Northern Securities Com
pany if it should be organized. Harriman
eventually controlled about $60,000,000 of
the stock of this company. The question
if the formation of the Northern Securi
ties Company and the association of so
many roads might Influence rates brought
a denial. - • '
Common Interest of All Systems.
had been given no assurances of any di
vision of traffic and that the motive of the
original purchase had been that of pre
serving to the Union Pacific system the
avenues of traffic open to it.
"You wish to represent that no one of
the other half .of the Northern Pacific in
terests made any promise in control?
Harriman replied: "There is a common
interest among us all, and we believe that
common interest will be served regardless
of holdings. That common interest can be
served by natural conditions. Our inter
ests are so in common that we cannot in
jure others without injuring ourselves. '
• Commissioner Prouty asked: "If you
had secured a few more million of North
ern Pacific it would have made a differ
ence, would it not?"
"We could have had it, was the reply.
The questions as to Just why Harriman
had disposed of his Northern Pacific hold
ings, what was lost or made by the trans
action, and whether Hill- had made some
agreement in case the holdings were sold,
brought from Harriman the response that
natural conditions controlled. He said
that he did not know of any gain made
except that his interests found out that
they were strong enough to hold their
own in Pacific traffic. He said his impres
sion was that the Oregon Short Line had
not lost by the transaction. He said Hill
Harriman said that after the purchase
was made he and his colleagues thought
the matter over and they thought better
to sell again. He implied that it made no
difference really who owned Northern Pa
cific.
An attempt, was made by the commis
sion to draw out statements to the effect
that the flnaK. sale of Northern Pacific
stock by the Oregon Short Line, as con
trolled by the Union Pacific-Southern Pa
cific syndicate, was only after an under
standing or truce with Hill and the sup
posed interests that combated for North
ern Pacific In the panic.
Natural Conditions Control.
Questions were then put that Indicated
"jobbing" had been resorted to In the
purchase, and which brought the reply:
"The stock was purchased in New York
from persons who bought from owners.
Then when the so-called . contest came
sellers found ' It difficult to fulfill their
contracts. Our Interest in every case gave
the persons all the time they wanted.' ;
"Some of the stock," he continued, "we
had bought in markets all over the world.
Some of this was on the way from these
various markets to be delivered. In the
meantime the sellers borrowed." . ,
"I don't think there was any contest,"
said Harriman. "Some of us — the Oregon
Short Line people— thought It would be
advantageous to have an Interest in
Northern Pacific and purchased stock
that was lying loose all over this country
and Europe^ — held by five to seven thou
sand persons. We made no contest for
the control of Northern Pacific— we pur
chased a majority of the capital stock.
We purchased prior to the supposed con
test and no stock was acquired during the
panic in May."
Day tried to show that the contest for
Northern Pacific stock was the forerunner
of the panic on 'Change, but Harriman
insisted that such was not the case.
An effort, was made: to learn, why the
purchase had been made only to sell
again, and this- brought from Harriman
the statement that he was glad to ex
plain the so-called "contest" 'in the New
York Stock Exchange, which resulted in
the famous "Black Thursday."
Explains So-Called Contest
When Harriman went on the stand the
line of questioning by W. A. Day, coun
sel for the commission, led up to a state
ment of the great Wall street panic last
May, when Northern Pacific shares went
up to $1000. Hnrriman had testified that
the Oregon Short Line, aided by the Un
ion Pacific, had. purchased some $78,00O.0C0
of Northern Pacific stock and that the
Union Pacific, through the voice of ita
directors, controlled the Southern Pacific.
It was developed that all this Northern
Pacific stock, which was held in the name
of E. H. Harriman and Wlnslow Pierce,
was sold last summer.
E. H. Harriman, who organized the
Southern Pacific- Union V Pacific combina
tion, and who was Hill's opponent in the
struggle for the Northern Paciflc-Bur
lington control, was the flrst witness.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.— When the second
day's inquiry by the. Interstate Commerce
Commission into the "community, of in
terest" combination of the great railways
of the Northwest opened to-day . the
United States Court room, where the in
vestigation .was held, was crowded with
well-known railroad men from all over
the country, eager to learn more of the.
details of the inner workings of the gi
gantic Northern Securities Company from
the master mind that conceived it.
Toastmaster Munger spoke entertain
ingly and his words were repeatedly in
terrupted by cheers. The first response
was by -Beverly Price, formerly president
of the Maryland Society of Chicago. His
subject was "The State of Maryland." He
referred to the admiral as the "foremost
Marylandejr of his time." The speaker
quoted a brief portion of Isador Rayner's
speech before the court of Inquiry In be
half of. Admiral Schley and was cheered.
The guests then sang "Maryland. - My
Maryland," adding two stanzas which had
been written for the occasion*
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.— The banquet to Ad
mlrar Schley began at 6:45 o'clock. The
admiral, arm in arm with K. A. Munger,
the toastmaster, and Mayor Harrison, was
the flrst to enter the banquet hall. Gov
ernor Yates' sat near him at the speaker's
table. ¦ In front of the guest of the even
ing was an immense bouquet of. roses. At
each plate as a souvenir was a replica In
plaster of the likeness of Admiral Schley.
The same replica, done in bronze, lay be
fore the admiral. Facher Vattman, chap
lain at Fort Sheridan, made an Invocation,
following which the banquet was served.
Prominent Citizens of Chicago.
Interesting Addresses Are Made by
SCBCLEY AT A BANQUET.
"I have been deeply toucned by the trib
utes which I have received," he said.
"They have been tributes of love, and in
my future years I shall never accept any
office however hi^h, which might Jeop
ardize that love. It is the dearest thing
I have. It is the greatest crown a man
can have on this earth, and when I am
gone I want it left with my children and
their children as their dearest possession."
On his way back to the hotel the ad
miral' stortned for a few minutes at the
Chicago Athletic Club and the Woman's
Club.
At the Booster Club, of which he Is an
honorary member, the admiral, still in a
Jovial mood, addressed a few. happy re
marks to "My fellow members." In the
course of his speech he again indicated
his feeling in regard to the political pre
ferment which has been talked about for
him. " . •
"I want to say that these boys were al
ways to the forefront— one of them so
much so that I was afraid that he'd be
sunk. "At the time I wished he was any
where else. But the boys were brave. It
isn't pleasant to be shot at. but these boys
stood up and were not only shot at, but
couldn't shoot back."
At the Press Club the reception was re
peated, except that of the two or three
hundred persons present fully 50 per cent
were women. A number of men who were
correspondents in Cuba during the fights
about Santiago "tvere present and to them
the admiral referred' in his short speech
of thanks as follows:
Resolved, That we consider It bnt simple
justice to these gallant officers and men that
their distinguished service should be properly
rewarded without further delay, and we do
hereby respectfully request the authorities of
the United States Government to adopt with
all due haste such measures for this purpose
as may be most becoming and which will best
be calculated to express the desires of the
great body of people who believe that there
should be speedy and complete recognition of
the services of all who contributed to the glori
ous victories of the nation.
Whereas, The services rendered by Admiral
Schley during the Spanish war were the means
of presenting such unprecednted skill and ef
ncie*-?y as to command th» admiration of th«
civilized world and greatly enhance the dig
nity and Importance of our country in its in
ternational relations, and
Whereas, There has as yet been no adequate
reward or official recognition of the merits of
some of the officers whose heroism and fidelity
were most conspicuous, of whom may be es
pecially enumerated Admiral Winfleld Scott
Schley. Captain F. A. Cook of Admiral Schleye
flagship Brooklyn and Captain Charles E.
Clark of the famous battleship Oregon, to
gether . with other of the gallant officers i and
men who won battle on land and eea, not yet
rewarded: therefore be it
At the conclusion of. the breakfast a del
egation from the Board of Commissioners
of Cook County and Commissioner Hoffer
presented the following resolutions:
Besolutions of Praise.
A double line of policemen stood at the
depot when the admiral alighted, but
they were unable to restrain the crowds,
which straightaway went wild at the
sight of the easily" recognized goatee
which showed above the heads of the
guards asj^an unrnJataKable mark fc of the
wearer'B'ideritlty. ' : A delegation- of school
children;- waving flags, greeted the visitor
at the farther end .of the station.;- The
Municipal Council's, resolutions were pre
sented, and the admiral and Mrs. Schley
were ' driven : through • demonstrative
throngs to their apartments— the "Presi
dential suite", at the Auditorium. Here
Admiral Schley retired' to don his "shore)
togs," as he expressed it. At 11 a. m. he
was " given a breakfast by ' the reception
committee of the Hamilton Club. The
first table was laid for twenty-one per
sons. Among these present were Gov
ernor Tates, Mayor Harrison and former
Comptroller of the Treasury Eckels.
As the train drew into the outskirts of.
the city factory whistles blew their wild
est notes and hundreds of people rushed
down every street leading to the tracks
and waved their hands. "Wherever pos
sible the admiral answered- back through
the windows of his car, bowing his head
and fluttering a handkerchief. Mrs.
Schley eeemed to enjoy the demonstra
tion even more- than her distinguished
husband.
Admiral Schley, accompanied by Mrs.
Schley, was met in his private car at
South Chicago an hour before the train
arrived in the city proper. The delegation
represented the city and the Hamilton
Club, whose guest the admiral will be
during his etay here, which ends Tuesday
morning.
Whistles Shriek "Welcome.
"Whereas. The city of Chicago is honored by
a visk from Rear Admiral Wlnfleld Scott
Schley, and
Whereas. Our citizens are ever ready to ap
plaul valor, honor and merit, and
"Whereas, "We recognize in Admiral Schl«y'»
achievements, ' his character and his bearing,
one of the foremost naval heroes of all times,
whose splendid record at Santiago will forever
be the pride and inspiration of his grateful
countrymen; therefore, be it '
Kesolved, By the City Council of the city
of Chicago, that the city of ¦ Chicago through
its Mayor and Municipal Council, takes pleas
ure in making this public acknowledgement of
the distinguished services rendered by Admiral
Schley to his country and extends tp him a
heartfelt welcome.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.-Rear Admiral W.
S. Schley to-day thrice declared that be
had no intention of entering politics. His
remarks were calculated to set at rest
for all time the political ambitions which
some of his admirers have entertained for
him. He said that no office, however
high, would tempt him to jeopardize th«
love which the people of this country
have expressed for him.
The day for the admiral was a round
of receptions, at each of which he ex
pressed his gratitude for tokens of es
teem and approbation. The demonstra
tions reached their climax in the banquet
given in his honor by the Hamilton Club
in the banquet hall of the Auditorium.
Schley arrived at 9:30 a. m. and was
greeted with tumultuous acclaim from
thousands of people who crowded the
Baltimore and Ohio depot and 'thronged
nearby streets. He was officially greeted
by allegation from the City Council and
a company of naval veterans of the Civil
War. Alderman Frank Fowler, on be
half of the City Council, presented the
following resolutions:
Insists That the Common Interest of
All Systems Affiliated Under
Northern Securities Company
Muat Be Considered.
Distinguished Sea Captain Declare*
on Three Occasions That He Has
No Intention of Seeking
Political Honors.
Like Hill, He Says Competi
tion Does Not Lower
Railroad Rates.
Many Thousands Oheer the
Bear Admiral on . His
t Arrival.
Organizer of Combina
tions Before Interstate
Commission.
Famous Commander Is
Warmly Welcomed
to Chicago.
CITY RINGS
IN GREETING
FOR SCHLEY
HARRIMAN
TELLS OF
BIG DEAL
THE SA N FRANCISCO CAIili, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
Manager Accused of Embezzlement.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.-Wllliam S. Apple
gate, manager for Waken & McLaughlln,
warehousemen, was indicted by the Grand
Jury to-flay on a charge of embezzlement
preferred by J. Russell Waken, Applegate
disappeared a week ago, and since" then
experts have been at work on his ac
counts, which are said to be short about
$10,000. Applegate had been a trusted em
ploye for almost twenty years. ¦ •: ¦ ¦¦
20
{ MARVELOUS SAVING ADVANTAGES HERE THIS WEEK!
p: We have plaaaed to make this week the ireaiest bargain week of all— we are determined that It shall be-^and htm
#*_ (elected the merchandise to make it such. As a fitting climax to the greatest sale <n our history we had to prepare for a record- _«
Jj; breaking event— the values indeed axe extraordinary and will cause this sale to be long remembered. _^
| Greatest Offering in Black Silk Grenadines and Taffeta Silks, i
£ 1500 YARDS ALL-SILK BUCK GRENADINES, REGULAR VALUE $1.23 and $1.50 YARD, ON SALE AT ~
¦T" Another of our famous Silk offerings — they always result in enthusiastic sales and those In search of s^^ m^ Z3!
__ Tjnusual values in SILK GRENADINES and TAFFETAS Fhould be on handearly to-morrow morning, because Q It %LJ? fl . — *
fc- the demand for them is bound to be great. 1500 yards NEW BLACK GRENADINES co on sale, the entire 3*& %¦ J -*
. surplus stock of a. leading Silk Mill— were secured by our New York buyer at a. btg saving, which enables us ¦
" ¦**"" n 2S. t0 oCer you theae remarkable values. Embraced in the lot are GRENADINES of the CHOICEST U' wYd -T2
£5 STYLES, la exqulslt* striped effects, made of a pure bright silk. • perfectly woven, strong and lustrous, fully 2
if: 44 Inches wide; that in the regular way sell at |1 50 and |1 25 a yard, on special sale, beginning to-morrow, at 98o yard. _^
27-INCH BLACK TAFFETA O A A A *piendid higrh-grade ouiinH RUM TIFFFTA /?n^ A Taff « ta fuU of cr J Bp - :=^»
m^ m i.i mini ul.*ui\ IHIII.IA >C/|./> and v«ry lustrou* ZrllHin DLAlt\ lAirCIA t~\\Jl f* nesa. Btrong and dur- ¦ -^
J^ $1.10 Quality for M^rf U*Tt» bi«* Taffeu, fully k 85c Qualitr for Yard v/c/Vf able, with a brilliant r^
rx_l Inches wide; very suit- o^c vauiy ror ..iara fast black finish; war- _3
.£- able for Dresa purposes and Petticoats; elegant value at $1 10. ranted to give perfect satisfaction; well worth 85c yard. 8al«
8£ Bale price Yard 84c price Yard «9o J3
i /e^J^^^S^^S*® Ladies' Cambric Petticoats. %
SEE \\tyf J/^&^'^SiW^ /^?^^^^^> llx A rare sale . of. Indies'. White Cambric Skirts begins here to-
I f(S fzs^JfflMJ&J&zg^fShtHr /^"^iSw'^S^s 1 fiinj morrow — a meney-saving opportunity of the flrst order that you ]
*^~ \ \-W i&t&u't*^fflJy{S£$&!r%&&a?if^— J^ s v^ s *"'fej 5£?i don't waot to miss. We made a tremendous purchase from an —^
\ jf //&% XwL^fykzzr J& /raXV ! i'/W /¦I?' overstock(;d manufacturer, who was forced to sacrifice. To make
«»— v'MpK^J^7:i'&f/Z?Z>^p& >£c5^\vN" /Ss^ a Quick disposal of this immense stock we offer them, beginning -«•
**" T r '0VM/^^^^^XW'W /^t to-morrow, at fully one-third less than the regular selling
I ZZ The 'finest Cambrics have been used for them, all are elabo-
1 = HTV^ i^n^^^^H^^^^y-^^^^^^L^'^^ rately trimmed with the tnoEt effective Point de Paris. Torchon =£»
1 H I ' ' \^^V^\~^^^f^r^^5^^f^\^>^^ Lace and Embroidery in Edgings and Insertions, are perfectly
1 ZZ \£$Wp**M S--Va) ): ?^^t— —^T^m&fS' finished and were made under absolutely sanitary conditions. — •
' kM%F$£> YL%^^y &\\i%*A&'$J£!r li ' H.50 Skirts for 81.0O ea. I $2.75 Skirts for #2.00 ea. rS
< *Z W*£0*^ £S>^2y fi^^S*^©**^ J2.00 Skirts for......«1.5O ea. $3.25 Skirts for §2.5O ea.
1 1 CLEAN-UP SALE OF SHEETS, COMFORTERS AND SPREADS. |
£ .COMFORTER SALE. O| in Sheets and Pillow Cases FLANNEL BARGAINS. 3
185 O0KT0BTERS. Worth « 60. far Oil I W 7^, hemt^ elS Sheets, size CANTON" FIiADrNTr-lS pieces on
EOaod«lx«Be4 Comforter., extra heavy, filled -Itch grade' bached sheeting « wcX ?» "^ ¦ t J B0 «7 r ' ,f ood v«M*r,
with pure white eottoa and covered with the choiceit ellko- regular value 55e. Tc^ bleached and unbleached, sells regularly at -^
Ha*- iloaday 91J.9 each morrow 47%c each 10c. Here to-morrow at 7o yard
ZZ MARSEILLES QUILT8. A I Prt 200 doien bleached Pil- WHITE EMBROIDEIfRD FI#AN- 3
SC= $2.C0 Qntlltj f»r \| hll lo ™ Cases, eire 45x38, NEL—A choice lot of white embroid- —•
Jt: X tplendld savlnc en a special lot of Quilts WIIVW £££, O f sheetinr excel erea alI - W0 ° 1 flannel for Petticoats, In a
E .-$6.00 and $5.00 '*<"*£"*'<' S * UOF /^j s $2.25 BLACK VENETIAN 1
E Flannel Waists Silk Dress 'jiff AND BROAD- «i 45 3
g CO % Skirts $0,95 J*®^ CLOTH-Monday "In,! -3
S^ O »%lfcU fr 0P jfl /»\ \ .These are cloths of an un-
¦¦ cgru _ .. %a EACH 1 -isSN usual character and were manu-
TT -• W tACH Worth $15 and $13.50 *" I /P»C«ifcfiiV\ factured by the leading Brad- ""•
•5S __. ' . x n opportunity unDaralleled / A K ford Woolen Mills. The quality 3
-- We win have ready for you Ja price interest^ NeVTork's //\ ./H and finish are unsurpassed; ab- =5
to-morrow mornlne the biggest birgest ellk dress eklrt majiu- /</ N.VlK/1 eolutely fast black dye; are fully -^
wal.tbarj.ln. of the entire sea- Fa^fJr^ closed out to S^an V\ J^lil/ 62 'n ches wlde - Perfectly
»*_ son: handsome and most fash- eiega^jot ot thi s spring sea- \ V'iffiM' sponged and shrunk; ideal cloths
5: ionable garments, prettily son earnple skirts; mad"of%Sod - \&ffl( I / fl • for fine tailor suits; eveo' yard
SmSf- rearing Taffeta. tatteSSit W considered good value at $2 25.
C= -KSS-fl.Sffi in 0f the h best flD cof- p^ly^U^d^n^^p 'f • yard: =3
s?a&i>-Sd a F%o? s^^ssras:%sfs5 1 ¦ — .
£ SSfc^^S -a^.^.f.^^n I 1 • SPECIAL OFFERING 3
E POINT DE-VENISE GREAT S5~00 Jl V NEW ALBATROSS
E: ALL-OVERS. SfLK WAIST SALE. • j!^TlllPW
El , r Tbey arrived just in toe for In black and colors, sizes 32 Mf 1 V_ ffi\ Ks wide; a soft and Y « d
fhe^est^nT •£*£?-& £S? ESfLSTS de^da^I V^ / $5 » SS Tr^i^ S
r^i^^a^I^-aVard a^f.^^^^^oO^^ O^^^aJh^ F^^'^^^.S
f# 5 FOR MONDAY. 1
. ?d^ M -For: .. U^O»/0 EaCn Black Velvet Ribbons were never in bigger demand =25-
E / A U\ SoSS* ™« w at MI -*« optionally low prices: =|
y I. I \ » •. V \ Tan. Mode. Oxford Gray and Black. Made of the No - 1 « re»ular value, 60c Sale price. 4Oc a piece
fio— \'\/— e - J /"/ beEt English Melton and Kersey materials, with the No - 2. at 8 l-3c yard or SOc a piece • —^
\y^* ES/ best satin lining, in half tlght-flttlns back, double- No - 8 » at llc y ard r or $l.O5 a piece *^«
¦ £Z- V ' v 'breasted, with turn-back flare ouffs, • beautifully" ' Na i *..at.l2o yard.....^jV<y .or ;,f 1.10 a piece .
aw. r<li2Sl £T stitched; always cold at $15 00; to close at $8.75 No> 8> at 14 ° yard.....' or ?1.S5 a piece •"**'
Z£Z I f each. \ No. 7. at 18c yard.......... or $1.75 a piece
&= I I COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION ' 'L ' " '^'
£Z FRENCH fLANNEL Closing Out Our En- •' jjj
•-• *>«JC fl- yd. '^^^^^tsKS^^m^&S'K^^SSSS^St^'^^^^^^ half Drice —^E
Maidenhood and Womanhood
At the threshold of wedded life with its cares and responsibilities,
what more appropriate could a bride consider than a box of the med-
icine that will keep the new family in perfect health.
, *-v,_ J — 1 _ a g-^_ "I took Oaaeareta myself aad Uwr arm fla«. X i!m
. _/x<5>7Jl^^^^^^^*^fc^ hare b«on riTim: them to ray ehiJdren with b«2
*£?8&Qij rwiil**."— Mrm. D»Ti». 419 E. Capitol 8*.. Waahln«ia^
j55_7 X. rrS]\_ "I *H for a lonr *lai» troubled wtta oonitipatm
iiBlAf^S*^ V XSSXaL ind catarra of the throat. Am now nslnij C»se»r«i|
<Afc^V V. vk v£S<^f wlth e^ results * ad M1 8atl » fl9d l wU1 ° a entirelj
«H!ra ii^lP^N.W %\i\^^y - n M 6 rs. H. P. Yaomanj. 4731 Champlaln Are.. CMcaex
2gxti J*£Sr^> *^l \"i »4\ l»^«i* "I have T"«<* Csscarets mnd must say thar »w> -won.
¦*aaMSl3ffr 4? \&SXiaj\vSrJ&*a. dorful. I recommend them to all my lady friends."
sH ftl *—- Vvftnll^ -Mrs. J. H. Hayes. Charitoa, I*.
«a§l Isil O^* A\?ftV ff.V «XS?» "Casearets h*» utrane* effects in my ease. I took
fSfiS n&o^. *l V them for worms and sot rid of them. For about •
f&sCa /ft A y^ 'l\A«e\«A *Xfc**l y«*r I had olio suffered from my risht «y« eontlnu-
*Sf*S8 *r\ A IVMaM*** »V r*^a »ily watering. After I took th» second do»« of C»«-
Tk £ SaS 'Sfl __,i sAvTOVcV WtViOL carets the eye *o» well and ha« been well «r«r »lnee."
£££$*¦ i^fwl^€r__. #V\\V*^L7toALVV&- — Mrs. Plowman, 444 Jesslo Sl. r San Fr»ncl»c».
i§i» llmV >^ yjllftwt «&1OV^ "Abonl a year s*o I want throuzhi •very difficult
TCftJa 1 i\|1a\ » jS I Vwva «V llYW operation and slnca then suffered from »eT«r» hetcl-
BtH* \vl3U\V jf* llwaSiV v \\ «chas. I tried Casearets and the result was wonderful.
5^ ' It ltt» «« A God bls»s you!"— Mrs. ilogesLeeco.Gllman, Colo.
**j JTl^TVlfffflHff \»Sra\ "Cascarets nxn the best ro«dlcin« ey»r I tried. I cannot
t &*/ U TW^S^*' \ W^ « \ *** t<K> 6 r » teful ior them."— -Mr». Ella Sanders, Fox. Mo.
\(Qi$lr' xF$vrti \^\ \ "For leverul yearn 1 hare suffered eitresn"'ly with •
xVwj^^ VE*3r I \\ V gerions trouble in the right sida of the bowels. The doctors
\ <«»i»*se~ yzyfit I . 1 \ \ called this trouble appendicitis. I took Cascarnts and think
i f~7 /T \ \ T ou can safely add appendicitis to the li«t of diseases thai
Sr Jtp J I \ \ Casc»re« will core." — Eanlc* J. Smith, iRloh Valley, Ohio.
/ jy y /] •' ' "I ha-re a tumor which all the doctors told me could bo ca**«n
¦ *? f / 1 rid of In no othar way than with th* kalis, bnt I **¦<"' H *&•
V ' / Cucntti »rt absorbing is eaUxaly."
There are many physical disturbances of the bodily functions con-
nected with the change from maidenhood to womanhood, and the
health and wholesome life not only of the bride, the new wife and
prospective mother, but that of the new generation that is to be, de-
pend upon keeping all operations of the digestive canal regular and
natural with Cascarets Candy Cathartic, the only medicine that will do
it gently yet surely without grip or gripe.
1 4- . Best for the Bowel*. All dro«ritts, toe, tsc, »»e. If«tr«Mhb«tt.
U\EU!.Q!ljQA& The jenulne tablet tumped C C C. Guaranteed to cur. «r your omm*.
WVVWVVW back" Sample and booklet free. Addreaa
un | h wif sterling Remedy Company, Cbicac* •* N«w York. ja
¦JUST FIVE DAYS YET REMAIN
(MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY AND FRIDAY),
in Which to Take Advantage of Drs. Shores & Shores' notable Offer to Treat All Who Applied Daring January
With Catarrh or Any Complicated Nervous or Chronic Disease Until Cured for the One Low Fee of 95 a 3dontb.
No Other Charge or Expense in Any Case. All Medicines, Care and Attention Furnished Absolutely Free to
Demonstrate to the Public That There is a PERMANENT CUBE for CHHONIC DISEASES (That Are Curable).
Scores have already taken advantage of the offer. Drs. Shores «ald that All who applied during January with Deafness, Catarrh
or any Chronic Disease, no matter how COMPLICATED, would be. treated until cured for the low fe« of $3 a month, all medicines in-
cluded free., DRS. SHORES KEEP THEIR WORD, but as only five days remain of the time fixed by Drs. Shores for this special off«r to
close DRS. SHORES NOW TAKE THIS PUBLIC MANNER TO WARN ALL THAT AS SURE A3 YOU READ THESE LINES JTTST
SO SURE WILL THE 55 RATE FOR ALL DISEASES, i MEDICINES FREE, BE WITHDRAWN January 81st. AND WTLI* POSI-
TIVELY NOT AGAIN BE RENEWED OR EXTENDED. If you are lert this time blame yourself. For DR3. SHORES WARN ALt*
that after January 31st the price for treatment will be ADVANCED. Start in AT ONCE if you want to be cured for the low fe« of $5
per month, all medicines Included free. Do not wait until the last hour of the last day of the month to apply and be LOST in the rush,
but apply NOW. CONSULTATION FREE ALL THIS WEEK FOR ANY DISEASE.
IMPORTANCE OF CURE.
><ri©i!*«?§2*2§®!Bto£?!0»fc. While CATARRH do«a not causs all cases of CONSUMPTION, it is also true tliat
,-ffiBJfCTMti^^jawgy ' lW those who have consumption have been subject to Catarrh. CONSUMPTIVES wer» ca-
tBtSffir — tarrh victims. They took cold. Catarrh had prepared the way for CONSUMPTION.
lH«r • - ' « Tubercular CONSUMPTION ever requires a BREAK in the membranes which J!ne th»
58?,?f U breathing tubes. Catarrh Turnlshes the broken places in the form of HAW SPOTS. Th«
I®* 'I consumptive GERMS cannot enter the blood of one whose bodily health is perfect, who»«
' ¦ ffi&$! B blood is rich and pure, unless there should exist in such person's body a broken SORE OR
Sgm B ¦ INFLAMED DISCHARGING SPOT where these germs may lodse and enter the system.
fSlfll . ¦--*- 1 " CATARRH forms Just such broken places, and those persons whose Throats and Bronchial
fcjafll *~2i!&F**P~- &&£&. B Tubes are RAW AND INFLAMED are ever exposed to the danger of acquiring CON-
/j£$*Sr -^SKffi^i^ G\ SV,^ST I -P N - J T^^ e x Peo ? le were onIy aIlve to the fact that If they attended to their
iwfkw/ l 9 r Bfc». Vfj THROAT and BRONCHIAL TUBES and allowed those SKILLED in the treatment of tixeM
NSilT/ Jm %>;r ' ]// parts to CURE them . the r« would be fewer cases of consumption.
jtHill -r1**>t£Z-~r# J fv •*%,#¦ NqV and Kidney Diseases. Bladder' Troubles. Female \lt £«j1
/JniiSill i / | ,^A Zy Complaints. Diseases of Women and Children, flSf
je8W$»|Li * iS I JjJjL Jf 'J J? ea !l£. Disease, Nervous Diseases, Chorea (or jl J3fa^t^^ r f s
iliSHl WEAK F MEN. Pay When Cured.
• ~.,t> =»-o. a .„ ..^^ ' If you suffer from any of the weakness «,• We cure you first and then aak a RBASOIf*
•M R. HORR SAYS: "I SUFFERED from diseases caused, by ignorance or dUss'^atlor^ ABLE FEE when you are cured. - NOW, WH
SL^liS?^I^^ C r~& I§ U T^I ? HE VE * Y ««WNN®^5gff WANT TO CURB YOU with th, dlsUnct un-
hardly smell kerosene. I could not tell one w« have proven bur skill in mMn.rat,™ derstanding that we will not demand a FEE
food from' another by smell. I could hardly rc disease, by publlsninK th? %£%?£?*?*' untn ™ cur * you "
speak at times, had constant colds with head testimonial* from -home^Vople JlvtoX r^.7 PRIVATE DISEASES are Included in
;topped T UP, and irenerally felt «ick and run pictures and addre«ea. D *"' rlVta * name8 « this special offer, such as LO6T MANHOOD.
unr.f-iwe h nftfD U rs.^e. UP & \ o ae°^ ac^ WB CAN'T PUBLISH OUR CURBS ""^ TSl™!S -P««t«rto«^S2S
"In a very few weeks I felt all right: all my . IN PRIVJTF rkiVcX^^i. • contracted disorders. Contagious Blood Poison,
old symptoms left me. My head got clear and ln fKIVAI ti DISEASES « tc - and ALL WEAKNESSES of men.
to all outward appearances • I was cured. I Because it would betray confH.r,,.. -a (It .your disease haa reached the incurable
spoke of this splendid work to my friends from havo to prove our BkilMn ?hl, t?,!: ?f nc *v We 8t^ ge ' we ? UI frankly tel1 * ou "°->
time to time, but I WANTED TO SEE IP in another way. Thli la o^J ? 8 of troublea Consultation and examination free ty letter
THE CURE WAS PERMANENT. «o I have »° oulrr wa^« im *» our plan: ., or In person. Call or write. -
waited now over fifteen months, and FIND NO ¦ '¦> ' ' ' ~ " - -
&W&^.«^s.MS5 uno * onUKLo & OnUKto, Specialists,
'g£s3sH£*&ffi& ; RSSrs? 1 ' WLEY B . ALLEN BUILDING, 933 MARKET ST.,
co^x.^. Boww(it O^H M n^W^ (^ P ?J = !?"i" 6A! 5i : f AN . C . IS . CO> CAL *
¦•"._ .¦„. "7; '•<-;•-.'¦¦ - v * •• *• .. n » , to * v. m. BreniBjjrs, e to 8. Sundayi, 10 a. m» tottnam
ffl Every drug and medicine buyer in this city ought
W to be interested in the special prices we are quoting here. Wi
m ' vcr y ar ° c^ e we 8e H is guaranteed to be the very best of its %
m kind. Telephone orders delivered free. - South 356. These frt
i'M P" ces S oo< * or one wccJc > until Saturday night, February 1, 1902. im
. B Bicycle Playing Cards' 15c Red. Cross Cotton 35c \\
Hi f, •* e E$ lar2O c- ¦. , . Johnson & Johnson'i, the bert mide llli
u Cola Lream . 20c ' regular 4$c w
1 h csret chapped ikin—reguiir price ijc Quaker Cabinet Bath $4*00 ill
L' Japanese Cleaning Fluid 20c Regular $5.00 style ¦ i|||
I \ Removes grease epott from cloth Gudc's PeptO Man Cat! 85c wl
It u ™J»I price zsc The regmlir $1.15 tlfe «|
I 1 noyt s uerman Cologne 15c Shaving Stick 15c in
'll If S J eet »"c frl fl. n ur^ ll l* Oeii "«r r., cle « r «'»T™ns P »rent, reftil« aoc Aj!|
*y Keegan s Scotch Whisky . 95c Glycerine Toilet Soap, box, 20c ft!
I SrS^Se 6 ™ J3? Renffi^r^Vu-^'.r M
Via, Cod Liver Oil 40c l^ enn « s "trman Malt I5c fJ
|V PurcNorwe^n-re^soc * #
¦\\}\ Jtgmnt* for the Fulton Remedies iKyf
Vvb - . for Brlshf * Dlteatm and Diabetes ////
VVA M I19K trfj-jH_i_i ft* *. w afffcerned, and the jury are feeling keenly tb«
close confinement and the labor of listen
ing to the witnesses. Some of them ara
very worn and pale-looklnr. :
JDufferin's Illness Causes A^rm.
LONDON, Jan. 25.— The condition of the
Marquis Dufferin is causing grave anx
iety. Until his recent attack the Marquis
was busy revising his voluminous me
moirs which he had been compiling for
years. They constitute secrets and rec
ords of the diplomatic events with which
his Lordship has been connected tlnce h»
went' to Constantinople as Embassador
and fill a number of volumes.
Coronation Procession.
¦The route of Klng^ Edward's coronation
procession will be the same as that fol
lowed'by the 'late Queen at the Diamond
Jubilee, 1897. /Further particulars can bo
obtained at Thos. Cook & Son's offlca, 621
Market street. •
stairs arid thought the place was on fire.
He^.put on some of his clothing and peered
down through' a stovepipe hole into the
barrooriTto see what- the trouble, was.
What he saw was not brought out this
afternoon. -
Parks testified . that he looked at his
watch and that . it . was 1:35 o'clock- He
then put on some additional clothing and,
going downstairs, Investigated the. trou
ble.', He met Mrs. Glbblns ip the hall. He
heard shots as he descended the stairs.
He went through the' barroom to the
porch -and there met ¦ Sidney "Goyette,
James Brown, Frank Tetreau. - Ervlngr
Carpenter, and : Judge . Myers. Parks said
that he never had had a sack on his head.
. Raker— Hutton testified that'you /. ' ,
An objection was sustained and a recess
declared. .... ¦ ...... ':..'. •-•-.
Parks* testimony to-day," as ¦ far aa It
went, was a complete contradiction of the
confessions of Hutton and Morris and of
their testimony on the stand. Judge Har
rington called the recess somewhat earlier
than usual, saying- that he waa tired.
The trial is evidently telling on all con-
and used it with that understanding..
Spencer again came to the aid of his
associate, saying, that Raker's use of ths
word was a slip of the tongue and that
he had not. used lt=wlth any Intention cf
hurting the feelings of Mrs. Lorenz. •
Parks was asked- if ..he had 1 met John
Hutton or any one else at the race track
during the session of the Grand Jury, but
the questions were not allowed. Raker
claimed that the. matter had been brougnt
out In "cross-examination and the prosecu
tion said* it. had not. Judge Harrington
said that he would let the question go
over, until Monday morning,, when the re
porter could. have his notes ready to read.
Raker asked Parks many questions with
the view of showing that the witness had
not participated in any .way in the lynch
ing, and succeeded in getting answers to
the effect that Parks had never had any
intimation of the punishment that wag to
be meted to Calvin Hall, , James Hall,
Frank Hall, Daniel Yantls and Martin
Wilson. . - .;
The witness testified that when he went
into .Trowbridge's store the "time on the
afternoon of May 30. he met : . there E. S.
Trowbridge, C. J. Gooch,. R.. K. -Potter
and "Andrew Mclnnis, . a • son-in-law of
Gooch. • Raker then asked the same ques
tions of Parks that had been ruled out
when he Interrogated Gooch, namely: If
certain members of the- "town party"
were ' In Trowbridge's store that - after
noon; if it' were not a fact that so and
so was not in the store. ; The court ruled
the questions out of order.
• , Awakened by the Lynchers.
After taking his goods to Myers* Hotel
Parks returned to Trowbridge's store and
sat around, the porch until supper' time.
He did not know any of those who passed
in, or out of the store and was postive no
meeting was held there during the after
noon and that he did nof meet James
Brown or any others of the "town party"
In the roperoom. ¦--.'--," -
Parks said that he took supper In Myers*
Hotel and < after supper went back * to
Trowbridge's store and stayed there until
9 o'clock, ; when he returned to the hotel
and went to bed, ; old man Myers seeing
him to his bedroom: He was awakened
early ¦ in : the ' morning by ; a noise down-
On reassembling, Raker addressed the
court, saying that he had'lived for twen
ty-eight years in this section and :. had
supposed the •word "mahala" a proper one
Baker Hakes an Apology.
• During the recess Raker's object'onablo
reference to Mrs. ¦ Lorenz was the t topic
of conversation in the courtroom, he being
condemned for his uncalled for use of the
word.
The unpleasantness was continued until
Judge Harrington ended it by declaring a
recess. . . • . . . »" - '
Sturtevent, for the prosecution. Jumped
to his feet and objected to Mrs. Lorenz
being referred to in such terms. In this
country the word "mahala" is used as an
expression " of contempt, being applied to
women and carrying with it the idea that
the person so speken of is not high 'n
social circles. '
Raker, with an injured air, said he had
done nothing wrong, and Boyd asked:
"Why should she not prosecute the men
who murdered her father?" '
Raker (with deep sarcasm)— On complaint of
Mary Lorenz, the mahala!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, Jan. 25.— The burden of the
testimony of the witnesses examined In
the trial of James W. Brown, the alleged
lyncher, to-day was that Brown and the
ether defendants were men of unblem
ished reputations, while Robert Court
wright, one of the leading witnesses for
the prosecution, was a man not to be
believed under oath. : The last witness of
the day was Samuel Parks, one ot the
men accused of participation In the
lynching. While he was on the stand
counsel for the defense proceeded to kill
two birds with one stone Parks not only
contradicted the confessions of Hutton
and Morris, but he utilized the op
portunity in an attempt to show, with the
aid of leading Interrogatories, that he had
nothing to do with the tragedy of last
May.
George Howell, who testified that he
would not believe "Old Bob" Courtwright
under oath, narrowly escaped a thrashing
at the hands of Courtwright to-night.
The old man heard of Howell's testimony
and waited for him. Friends of Court
wright restrained him with difficulty and
Howell made his escape. Courtwright
claims to have sheltered and fed Howell
and his children when the latter were in
destitute circumstances.
feeling runs high between certain of
the witnesses in the case and it would
not be surprising if trouble of a serious
uature occurred.
Five witnesses were examined this
morning, and without exception gave
Oourtwrlght a very bad record. The wit
nesses were asked as to the general repu
tations of James W. Brown, the defend
ant, and other alleged lynchers and these
men were given spotless characters.
Stockman Gooch, Testifies.
The defense put three witnesses on the
stand this afternoon— Thomas H. B. Mc-
Clure, C. J. Gooch and Samuel Parks.
McClure was called to show that Brown
and other defendants In the Lookout
lynching case bore good reputations up
to the time of the lynching. Like all the
witnesses called by the defense, McClure
gave the alleged lynchers good reputa
tions.
Gooch, a stockman, testified that he
was in Lookout on the atfernoon of May
30 last. He left a wagon at Leventon
Bros.* blacksmith shop to be repaired!
He arrived in Lookout at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon, and after leaving Leventon'a
shop went to Trowbridge's store and was
about the store more or less all afternoon.!
He said in answer to questions put to
him by Raker that Trowbridge St., R. R.
Potter, Andrew Mclnnis and Samuel
Parks were the only persons he saw in
the store that afternoon.
Raker then tried to bring out that the
members of the "town party" referred to
in the confessions of Hutton and Morris
were not there by asking questions In
suggestive phraseology. These questions
were objected to and the court ruled that
the witness could only say who were
there, if he knew. Raker was persistent
and the prosecution called the attention
of the court to the fact that Raker was
not obeying the court's instructions,
whereupon Judge Harrington reproved
Raker, saying:
"No Instructions the court could give
would Mr. Raker obey. He is the most
stubborn man I ever saw. You are a
strange compound, Mr. Raker."
Buys Drink for Calvin Hall.
After much questioning Gooch said that
he had known Brown for five years.
Asked if he saw Samuel Parks In Trow
bridge's store, the witness replied that he
had and that Parks was in the rope room,
cutting rope for halters. From Trow
bridge's store Gooch, with several others
went to Myers' Hotel to have a farewell
drink with Potter, who was going East.
On the way to the saloon the witness
asked Claude Morris to join the party,
but the Invitation was declined. Arriving
at the saloon, Calvin Hall was Invited to
join and accepted. Hall was a prisoner
in Myers' Hotel. The party, with the ex
ception of Hall, returned to Trowbridge's
store and the witness said he spent about
two-thirds of his time while he was in
Lookout that afternoon In the company
of Trowbridge Sr. He was asked if any
considerable number of persons entered
or left the store while he was there, and
replied in the negative.
Raker then asked if it were possible that
a meeting could have been held at the
store and he not know it, but the ques
tion was not allowed. Raker protested..
The court — You are wasting your precious
breath when you try to get me to change my
ruling. I rule advisedly and will not change
it. He can estate every one who was there,
but cannot state who was not there on your
suggestion.
Raker — State to the Jury whether you knew
that James Brown and other defendants (nam
ing them) were not there. •
An objection was sustained.
Raker — Did they hold a meeting there?
"Witness — No, they did not — not that I know
of — while I was there.
Both Hutton and Morris said In their
confessions and on the witness stand that
"the two parties met at .Trowbridge's
store to arrange for the place of meeting
for that night."
The witness was asked as to the general
reputation of the defendant and his al
leged accomplices In the lynching, and he
said It was good. . .
Gooch's Memory at Fault.
On cross-examination Post. brought out
the fact that there might have been oth
ers in the store when Gooch was there
whom he did not recall.
Samuel Parks, one of the defendants,
was next called to the stand and told of
his arrival In Lookout on the afternoon
preceding the lynching. . He came from
the Wilcox ranch, where he was em
ployed. Parks said that he went to Look
out for supplies. He first went to Leven
ton's blacksmith shop to have his horses
shod. Later he went to Trowbridge's
store and purchased some goods, including
rope for halters, and drove to the Myers'
Hotel. He said he knew Claude Morris
ellghtly, and that his acquaintance with
John Hutton commenced last November.
Raker brought up the subject of Parks'
testimony before the „ Grand Jury last
June and attempted to have It introduced
a3 evidence In this case, but he was un
successful, the court sustaining the ob
jection of the prosecution.
Raker — Mr. Parks, I'll ask you on what
complaint you was confined In Jail?
Parks — On the complaint of Mary Lorenz.
CANTON, Jan. 25. — The native customs will
be transferred to th« Imperial Maritime De
partment about February 20.
GRAND JUNCTION, Colo., Jan. 25.—
The postoffice in this city was robbed be
tween 3 and 4 o'clock this morning of the
contents of a registered mail pouch from
the East, the value of which Is unknown,
and 572 in money and stamps. Night Clerk
Eugene Phillips has been arrested on sus
picion.
Postoffl.ce Clerk Is Suspected.
Identifies Chinese Murderer.
BAKERSFIEI.D. Jan. 25.— Ah Sins
Tuck, charged with the murder of Dr.
"Wong: In Sacramento In the recent high
binder riots, has been identified by Gee
£in^. 6. Chinese who arrived from Sacra
mento for that purpose. Sins was met
et Kern City and accompanied to this
city by Deputy Sheriff Borgrwardt. as It
was feared highbinders would kill him.
Eing told Under Sheriff Borgwardt that
they had the right man the minute ie
heard Tuck's voice.
Feeling: Again Huns High as a Be
. suit of Contradictory Testi
mony in the Lynchers'
v " Trial.
The victors celebrated the election with
a procession, though the temperature
was 60 degrees below zero. Two hundred
men marched through the streets and
were entertained by Governor Ross at
th« new executive mansion.
Only British subjects were allowed to
vote> though Americans comprise two
thirds of Dawson^ population. The lat
ter generally supported the "Kiis" com
mittee. The Americans actually con
trolled the election, because enough of
them took the oath of allegiance to King
Edward shortly before election to insure
th« success cf the elective government.
Tho political battle -which followed was
th« liveliest ever held in the far north.
Trading companies and taxpayers pre
ferred th« appointive government, believ
ing th« expenses and taxes would thereby
be lessened. They were arrayed against
more energetic agitators, known as the
"Kids" committee, which supported the
elective government project. The latter
von by a majority of seventy-nine votes
out af a total of 6S7.
TACOMA, Jan* 25. — After a. hard cam
paign, Daxvson decided on January 10
that It desired a city government with a
Mayor and Council, rather than a gov
ernment by a commission to be appointed
by the Territorial Governor* One month
fryo Governor Koss announced that he
frould no longer spend his time and en
ergy on local administrative affairs. He
accordingly gave Dawson the privilege of
choosing between an elective government
or an appointive commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Flight Saves a Witness for
the Defense From a
Chastisement
Appointive Commission Gives
Way to Council Chosen
by Ballot.
Courtwright Objects to
Reflections Upon His
Character. .
Swear Allegiance to the
King in Order to
Vote.
AMERICANS WIN
DAWSON ELECTION
"OLD BOB"
ON WARPATH
IN ALTURAS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JAN UAR Y 26, 1 902.
21
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Danger
of Sore Lungs
As a very large percentage of deaths ;
are due to lung trouble it behooves
every person with a sore throat, sore
lungs and pains in the chest to take
care unless the inflammation in
these delicate parts becomes chronic and
serious.
Halpruner's removes inflammation
from the body quickly and restores
good health to the sore places. In fact,
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine acts
on inflammation like water acts on fire
— drives it out and gives the sufferer
quick and permanent relief.
It is not safe nor reasonable to suffer.
When you suffer with a sore throat and
pains in the chest get a bottle of Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine from
your nearest drug store and rub it on
the painful and sore parts; drive the
soreness out with Halpruner's and you
are soon well and happy.
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine
cures quickly and cannot do the slight-
est harm. It can be applied externally
and taken internally, and you get quick
and permanent relief by both methods.
All druggists sell Halpruner's — 50c
and $1 a bottle — the dollar size contains
three times the quantity of the small
size. Druggists may try to talk you out
of it, but don't let them do it. Ask
them to pet it for you; if they will not,
send us $1 and a large bottle will be
sent you by prepaid expressage.
Vtblpruneris
Halpruner Medical Manufacturing
Co., 28 California street. San Francisco,
Cal.
Trial Treatment Free.
Sufferers should call on Dr.- Halpruner
at his office. 28 California street, between
1 and 4 o'clock every afternoon, except
Saturdays and Sundays.
Specialists
/m^^^k. POD
mft \ rvl\
V*TltSit> STRtCTLr RELIABLE
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OT GENERAL
debility and convalescence following certain
Cleeosea. ruch Is the lowered etandard of th«
vital proceMec that the function of no organ
ta pertectly perrorm«d, and with tb« ro-
eultin g depression th« patient ba« a REAI«
weakness. The physician's first thought, under
thee* condiUoca, Is serve and other tonics.
Not Wcakness-7
Symptoms !
9r far the rreater comber ef patlenU. how*
•rer. eeekin* relief for so-called "Weakness"
Is furalkhad by healthy and robust men. Oa
examination. -»« find a Prostate Gland which
htus been damagred by either a contracted dis-
order or early dissipation. These patients hav«
no weakness at alL Prematureness, Loss of
Vitality, eta. are the tjnnptoms. or disordered
function, cf the chronically Inflamed proetat*
rla&d. We find by curing this Inflammation
that fell vigor at once returns. It should if
understood that tonics, electricity, etc., might
cure a itml wuIicki, but would do hum In
inflammation. The main object is to reduce
the else of the tender, ewollen and Inflamed
prostate. This w* acoomplirh by local treat*
tnest, thus avoiding drugs. Men who have un-
euccesefully treated for a weakness should now
understand the cause of failure. We send free
oa application a colored chart of the organs
which will be found useful in home diagnosis
and Interesting: to all wlthlrr to study, tht
Anatomy af the male.
Offices and IXcsnitai. entire turner floor.
Dr. iaicott & tio., B9/ Maraet m., tor. 6t&
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMXANA BITTERS. THE
• Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
ctrenstn to sexual organs. Depot. 823 Market.
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and healthful dessert. ,- Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling ! no
baking! add boiling water arid set to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
at your grocers to-day.' 10 cts. ." f;
THE v _ J 1 1 ™° 011 -^ ___ _ I _l '_¦>_ '^^1 E^ PO]BITraL ; j ; - I 1 ; E]gPO]RriJ^ L ' J- - - - T^ 3S^ OBIUI ' L _ , _ _ _ .
I Valentines |''7A*~'-tfWw>tors.«H^^ Cake Plates. |
* ;qa9 Dg*<sS*gn«a of the m-sroett." m mafWz WF* w 8 m§M mB^im WmaPWi m R llllffia Gatsiogue. xox-u*h &n Cy raised cd S5 cw %
j£ «#eza» *£/*#»» William Keith's great moun- ||| ||| jllj §|§ g^g j|Y EM Wk W&L. eM Hj §§ The Emporium Economist Cake Plates, open handles, gold .1
j. Lace Valentines 9for i;^jc tain painting, on free exhi- §|| Kgl ||| jj^/Li vTT.r ' ? I x Ulilyiai is under way. Send in name edge and flower decoration, "^
I and. Jo each bitioninoar Art Gallery, M gl^ - CaUTOriM^5 L^r^CSI fif and addrfss at once if you worth _ 4 ocj "dean- Q '•
5 Lace Valentines, with en- second floor. . , )^ OrZVjvdCSt OtOrC. 7^ wish a copy mailed you free. op pnce * * * * ' «*» -|
% ve'opes, 2 for 5€jf 3& 9 "~~ — ' — /¦ : — ' : — ~~ — — : "~- ~ ' ; ~~: ' ~ : — : — ~~~ ~~ ' «
l&M^^im Ice-Cream ||
J[ Box Va'entines ...... Everv storekeeper can /have, may have, the lowest prices, the finest assortment, the best values Chocolates. £
* We to §4.00 __ in p r int__^t it is a different matter when you reach the' stores. One of the great factors of our Mmia * on * wc ** offer * ** ' $
$ — — — — — success j s that we have always used every" precaution to have: our newspaper statements accurate. 1
•f . _ __, .. .*«.. . •¦' . f ;:-'--,¦ , ' •- xxr ... -7. ' * . »»» ice-cream cnocoiates, made or «
x Toilet Soap The things promised in print are in the_ store. ..We consider that each . purchase is "on approval. finest mztexM our 5
K *m- f**airg*C 5?*»tf*» That the buyer hai the privilege of comparing and pricing elsewhere, and unless the articles are icund to be better at thc same price, or just t on the premises M
X *'«""* * as good at a lower Dnce, return them in the condition in which you receive them and get your monfty. - __ • ' • _ jf
j? Kirk's Shandon Be'.le, ha-d _JL : .'_ ; L__J__ 1 . 25 C fiOUttd. |
| Illllll^^ |
g soap; our pice, box 3 Begtemng To-Morrow (Monday) Farty-Four Different || Hats $2.35. J
I oc Styles on Tables in Main Ai&l® stf These Prices. *7£ZJ?"^Z!m£°' *
a? I 0. If your shoe brush, or hair brush, or clothes brush, or scrubbing brush,, or tooth brush, or any D^b^b^cTTnd b ro^»* *
I 1 Syringe &&G. 0 \^ eY \r[ nc \ of brush, is "giving out," don't overlook the unique offering of brushes. The prices are Fcd Ora$ in the wide brim, with $
j? • The Gem Fountain Syringe, tempting enough to induce one to purchase brushes whether needed or no.t. theheary ro n on'«de and <u ? Jf
V 2 quart capacity, 3 hard Hand Bruges — Solid back, hand drawn, full, bristle scock; a good Triangle Scrvb Brush— For scrubb'ng marb!e steps or hardwood in front; »11 of the newest style* SC
tf rubber p : pes; the complete V alu= 25c brush; now at .. ., . . . .SSc floors; adjustable hand e which worls in a ball and socket; 85c and m«t worn shapes for
X outfit for. ...... .50o Hair Brush — Very large s'ze, veneered back, lull, high-grade bristle regularly; a very special bargain^. ..57o §2.35m W
* - stock; well worth 75c in the regular way; our pr"ce, on'y Floor Sweeping Brush — 16-inch Tampico bristles; will outlast a doz- Jf
* Best TalGUm ¦•• '•*" I... .......397 en corn.brcoms; regulsrly 75c; now at 55c — ~~~ $
jK n b r- ' Dalh Brush — Long handle, we'l sccured tufts, only ......... 25® Scrub Brush— 2^x6 inc:es; so id back, white pa'metto fiber; regu- . gTtgmgagm Offimom *
tf trOWeler 5C. Hand Scrub Brush— Oval polished back, each ¦ fOs l£r 7 l°c cacn; at halt price ........ 5o • \» JJ Jf %
j§ Large tin box, guaranteed VhisK Broom — Large s'ze, double-drawn string; a gocd value 15c Bust Brush — 14-inch 50c brush for stairs and window sil's; on special StMSt i*r£ISGSa 5
j pure talcum powder; a broom; now at .... '. ; 1 Qc sa^ e . at - • • 33c est fi>«ri *olW bras* lock and S
nicely perlumed IOC pow- Tcoth Brushes — Polished bone handle; gcod," dean, white bristle stock, whe Pelmeito Fiber T rushes— Strongest and best made; on'y 15o leal * cr j Orn fJ*' T^^ ght *
J derj per box 5O drawn, well worth 15c; at about half. .... . .'.^. . . . . . . 8C f|. Feithir Dusters- Fin: soft importid dusters, assorted colors; each . IQc o'ive russet and brown colon- j«
K SKaving Brush — Aluminum capping, ebonized handle . . .. .... . 25 ti \\\ * couring Brush's — With handles, dark coarse fibsr 13O 18-inchsizc. . . ..$3-75 •*
K <g> f ji gm Hat E rushes — Practical shapes, we'l made. ... ... .... . . -25o vO?^b\\ Ostrkh Feather Dus'.ers — The 10-inch sire; good and full . . 5Do ao-inch H*%*OO J
X safety S^affS C | 0 . h Bru hes— Veneered hack, large sire. . . ... ... . . 25O • '/^^^\[ (?z£\ Scrubbin S Brfshzs— SoiJ tack, sze a^x8 inches, for . . 15c ""^h Sil'fiO JC
J fOr LadieS. tt:\T Brushes-Solid back, pure bristle stock ... . . . . . . 75s /^^pH StCV ' rU$h ~ Black ' a " br:stl= stock ' ' ' 25 ° atbeh." .' .' .* .'.'Ujf 5 5
X Safety Bags for ladies travel- Ml ltar y ' 1eir Brushti— Correct style, well made; pair . .$1,OO. jfom^?^ w^^^\\ Tailet Brush— Long handle, full bristle . .... . 5 7o . «
S ing worn under the skirt; Tampico Hat Brushes — Wire-bound handles . . . . . . 15o //^^^^/ §§ AI-3ri»t!s D.mzrs — For shoe3 and stoves.. . . 1Co . 3i
Jf made of chamois Stock W' re Hat Brushes — Rubber cushion facing, ebonized J^ // ice Dot rush — For cu sp'» dor or toilet 15o Ti'tMit/f SS OO 9
X well made, larg: pocket' • • • . 25o * JC Q*£m^8m Ostrich Cu tcr-8-nch length. 25o ' _ * }
X for \ G1 9SZ Ryan's Patent Balh Brush— Detachable handle... . f/ . //Jw WW<M> J-Z&k Shk Bru h- Oval, solid back 8c l°- mch c Canva*<overed Water-
X Ior 9§m*sO J .,„.„, c _ . r \SJ Mi, //j&&' HSit^i^/^EvWS. «/• i o « j • «-T P ro °^ Painted Trunks, with— 25
S Other Styles Si 75 $2 OO Ccm P !exlcn Brushes— Waterproof, Russun face j^/ £fo , //£& / lm%^^ Brus-i— And general scourer. . .2 3© best fittings, two strong leather 3
X tizn -isrin *3 Kn' maS8a « e • • ••.•••••• . ,35O // $fj$hiW~r~M / M MSm^ Ve-cbble Bru hes— Large size 5 O straps, extra dress tray and top -J
* $2.50, $3.00, »i Sfap Handle Bath Crush — Full brist'. e ///' ' ¦ fMgs&tW / /M ' ¦ ' Jp ' ¦ W§8m^ Crumb B:u hes-A:l whitf bristles.. .. tray, with large apartment for hat, ?
5 ; stock . . 75O J/Mk Mt/^g^h / M ¦ ) fmP' 5>*« all fuU linen lined. . .5S.OO S
I _ Horsehair Hat Brooms-Pure white J^^^^^^^/ IM //^<^k^^^W n ' ¦ V" w In" V- • " ' v? 3*-'mch : $9.75 -J
? Pr&mfere horsehair. 35O (%W^&Z^S£^[ m // <*g£M^ rrash— AB bmte, very high 3^^. ..... $10,50 %
* ttfeS tir*i*m.rai2 Keep-Clean Hair Prush— Patent K *@£^s^ L^Jsg J L? l®^ 4^ -%F grade and very cheap at. . .$1,25 36-inch $11*25 %
X MliUIXSOVGS. aluminum face 53o CT~~~~f^~~^> H^>^Nv f^-^___ — ,,,, f7T^, H " ArA H """ Rrl " h " 5o 38-inch. ... . $12.00 3f
J ' The perfection Of CWltfJ Tooth Brush-Pure JlMM^mk mW^mi -^Wnmm I facts' H.^^ir Eru h-Soft brbtles.250 — I
i fit and finish, made - b^- • ™° , «fitflrr«fc*» , «*. ... p rcketWhhtBrG0Blf .... . ; 1Qo |
J PariS POint enbrOld- We havc sccured l6oo rds oi thc « K25 - qual f ty o f Pure Dye . , The P rc S^S andart d : 8p.ayed in thc productions ot Wash Ma- On Monday, a very fine grade of .%
* ered backS. $ Colored French Taffetas at a price which enables\s ;o sell it at 7 /c. $0 thls season almost inaedible. Many of these dainty S'Sj^iTrf 1^ «
$ BlaCrC RedS It is an extra heavy, good wearing silk, 2Z inches wide, that was manufactured ex- "Dries are made of the finest Silk in the Warp and Jlslc thread Weft. woven kid or linen -finished $
tf n q, , pr«sly for high-grade costumes. The assortment that we offer at this special sale Others are pure linen, wcven and dyed in Belfast. Fancy open-work revering* from papers, each J«
ft DrOWnS Olate ¦ includes the following colors : ... France and silk-stripe Grenadines from Engand are equaled if not excelled by the fmfm
jf Tfin^ Whl'tP White Blue Emerald Orange, Royal Green tissue weaves of our home looms. The following are a few of our specially at- %9C S
K mi ; j r» , 1 m ? f r °. Wn Turquoise Navy. Cerise tractive lines that will be on display and sale to-morrow : ¦ «
X JVlnnP^ PP/irl Pink Malse . Cardinal Garnet Etc., etc. •_..-- ¦¦ 2
muuw 1 can • Thu . g a rare cpportun;ty for g ett i ng extra Co'ored Silks for shirt waists, Sjlit Madras— Exquisite weave and cojoring; per yard 7Qo ' I «
X UreyS Lavender grenadine .lining, underskirts, etc. It is the identical quality «W Silk-Stiised English Oren dlres— Dark and light effects; yard 50o StCrllnti SlfVCr J*
X Violet cf iiik that we have scld regularly fcrf 1. 25 per yard; beginning £ & %p Kerceilzed Silk Warp Madras— Fancy weaves; per yafd ...... I .' . . 4 Qo p«n«Af.Q r?f1f/ 5
X* Pail 0 &f SO M °" day ' ' ' ' •¦ TijsueWcavc VV'aisting Madras -Entirely new makej yard. . 25o *"PP Ct^* BlMU
X & w & . V. Furniture ~ n$S Ga3°BSeti Charming fcotch Madras— 32 inches wide, fine weave; yard . . . . . . 2ilO SaltS §1mOO.
5 -*¦ ¦" -.. ml Bargains for This Week. ' .^ — ,.',. - ~ ."^J^'sX^-S? ¦ I
X LiqUOr ¦ -^_.^ mm> . ¦¦Parlor- R Ckcr — As illustrated, hand-polished R/Bt.n 9 Gi GntttS -J9f«fA St**reat» /-^ P« Shaker; all sterling star, ' «
«C <Znt*C*SgaB<S - s<*gm§mm^ golden. oak or. mahogany, heavy, durable make, BtflSn S txOOat&M® Q L neat, white-lined box, for S
» xiP&Gi&lKSm K^i?--^'-?^^^. reguhrly $8.50; sale price $5.8 i &¦§*& tS f% €?»-f^W 4?~>m» fi* SD /KBZ te^T **« mm -"«
X Amcri«uV Civb WhisKey— OTTTT^rfS P'«es, neat frames Covered in &12.5O SUStS for $8.45. O RjT $1.08. ¦ *
X c i_ v » t» M I' ahoilin pretty ; shadings of silk damask, regularly _,, . , , . , , '. " 'J," .' '£,: , r^i • «
J* btra-ghr Kentucky BDur- ' .M] I II IMi ia2.oo : now. . . . . $15 G6J >his week you can buy m the big Emporium C'oth- JfKA>s. — ' •
X bon, Monday per ga Ion, I I L %£%? • Sed and t ur*au- Quartered golden oik, hand- ing Department an excellent Blue Serge Suit, coat fjjr^ f) ««, &
X ". . $f.QO Wfc M .. J| M^Tflf' ,.-.pplished; bureau;- has .four fall swell front , cutiwith'.or wthout broad, military shoulders, / / I GrOCery 3
$ Holland 6in-Extra quality, 1 f Jj fffi / Specials. J
g. Monday, bott c. .. GOc g^^JLf.U V V llljBJL _ Tabourette— Golden oak, with. French lrgs, and worth m the reguiar way $12.50,. &&£ V»T~^\ Hams— Our best Eastern sug«r- &
K Wood Alcohol For burning f well finished top; special price only ". . .Q5O at the special sale price ........ if7H*9a m *r+*9 II < f\ cured (we carry no other), price, • §
1 purposes, M quarts, J^Ml^ " . At the .me price we.are of,rin g Men's Suits in handsome f/lj°\ .
J GingCT Ale— Our regular | tJP^^T? K Z .,"7 T f« P bou £ ht at about 56 cents on the do lar. -'Other^ items in one of \ \ 2QO »
X $ 1. OO sel'er; Monday, ]^0&*^ _ oak, formerly sold lor and J3.00; "^ tbe most bporunt clothing.salcs whichthebig storehuever \ * Rice-Fancy Carolina Head Rice, j
X Aaren "7R*t d • x. u i_- j ' '1 ' ' '1 " " ' 1" j V i i / I- 1 • held and which, for lack of room, we can only briefly mention ,\ \ long, whole grain, Monday, 7 lbs «
aozen. .......... gOO Our buyer now in the hast shipped to m last weex two carloads of the latest novelties . ,. ' _ ' ' ' - \ \ 5Qo 35
J? Hock White Wine A fine ' ln^ 3Lr P ca t which he bought much bel.w the market value. Goods never before shown in s an ° u ceme » rc ' \ \ . * *
S 11 "f M in thrs city. To make a quick turn, we w'll offer the same at thc following prices : Men's $17.50 and <ao.oo Suits for .. ... .$10*85 \ \ Mgo or rean ; I apioca, D IDJ. . . j|
J WDiC quaity; IVlonaay, Hart f ord Axminsters— New floral and Persian designs; per yard •¦.-.-. .$1.14 Men's £12.50 Gray Overcoats for . . $8.45 \ \ ' ' ' ' " * SO C
X gallon .. 45C Hilton Velvets— Heavy and durable, good patterns; per yard. ......... 9Qo Young Men's $ 10.00 Suits for . . ..... ..$698 ) & Prunes— Santa Qaras, 40 to 50 to
•? Licbig's M alt Extract- None Tapestry Brussels— Extra quality, parlor and hall designs, pretty colorings; peryd.SSo Boys' £4.00 Knee Pants Suits for .. . ... . . $2 35 -<&s^ \J the lb.; Monday, 4 lbs. . 25O Jf
X better- Mondav d Tapestry Brussels — Good make, bedroom and diningroom effects;- per yard .' 48O Boys* 55.00 Knee Pants Suits for . .... . . .$3-48 A-/^ i® . Sardines— Penaros, extra boneless, " ••
2 cucr, o a y, aozen, jj u g s — 6x9 feet, made of remnants of heavy Brussels carpet; to close at ...^6 75 Boys' 75c Corduroy Pants for . ... . . . . . . . 49 c ™-' best imported, Monday, dozen, 3
' ..$1*75 Ingraili Samples— 1 yard square, regularly 75c per yard; to close.' . . .--. .'25c I Men's S4. 00 Worsted Pants for. $2 35 • $2*52; tin . . . . .21 0 Jf
x ¦ m - . ~ —— . . ...--. — — —'¦ ; — — — - ; ] ¦ • — : : ! -*
i Finai ' g 'GKB&n*Ufiy\-'Effppt~-^ MedsiistBpnsin Prices. $
I "Glean-Up" ot Dress Goods SpGGB&B &&i& Ladies' ' L®8gMiffa&* Fronts. Portiere and |
SI Domestics wVS: 1^ J U% ?¦"!*?*" &&• i
$ Our "clean-up" sale in the -ny items. . All of them «ce P - Wer.Lace F 'ronts and a few |
X Household Department continues '-, 1 ?'™ e8 ' -.,. c ; . , r . , Udus' Elack Jersey LeggJIS— Superior quality, buttoned, to the knee, all sizes; sold regular* at , mlsette * '" wn £ c ? ¦ blaclc ,f nd . duplicated again for a long time. %
J to-morrow with many additional 85c »"d $. 00 Silk Stnped Chal- ?5C sa . c y pr5cc S^ s week P . . .\ /'. . . ..;./. .'....'.. . .5ff? to!ors ; ma^ *» "^ "^ - Many odd, and ends of fine good. S
J. • lines of meritorious goods, at prices uej, » ainerent aesigns; y.ra. . A\jj S , $ - ana Children's Blzc'i -J:r$jy. Lfggins— Extra quality, buttoned to the top above the L^ ' ' -' * '' &*- Jo, a t a fraction of their real valus. {
£ that would warrant the laying in of *..•. * • '¦ (1 '«;.1«rin«'-m!w knee, all s : z«; sold regularly per pair, 85c; sale price thisweek .".'.. 58& 7> * ' an t ° 9 f JmJ ** Portieres— 50 odd pairs and single «
X , suppKe, of them for future use. 7 5C S.Ik Striped Waistings, now __ J_ _LL_1 f Z _ _ 1 . Ymhs $t. 75 to S6.50. , onw> at price . J w j
* . These , re an high c.ass good,. — -^^ ¦ -^ yo^o. Children's and Tennis Rackets. ¦•¦¦¦¦•• • - • D^.' r^' 75o n T $ f/ 3O J $
g p^^^p^|^ghfe^i^ misses' Shoes. MMM^W^i^i^MaWvMM SS^K %
X heavy; each 98g if- 59. Cravanette, 60 inches wide,- We have ju£t received a ful , new ,; ne of the" kinds which are u-ed bv most of ,**?'?? Jf,- ...... $1 13 5
K $3.00 1 1-4 White Blankets, ™*r, brown, myrtle and gray; Missej . and J chndrcn ., vlci Kid Lacc shoa^ ta^J^ Im^^ Merino Ruffled ClrtilM-ReS- *
$ prin«pV wool, "clean-up" \ ¦ ¦ ¦ $1.12 which have heavy extension soles, patent leath^ the crack tennis players of the country. Note Vest,, high -neck and Jong "^gcVS; noT rTo S
tf price. . .;. . . ,$2.18 M**>~- *~*4 tips, spring herls; good-looking, serviceable our prices: ... sleeves namral color all «ze3, NotUn^nTcurtalni-IUgBhily Jt
J $1.ZS 10-4 White Blankets, -*. L *° m BS '*""'„ 8ho " that "equitable lor either school or dress The '.practfci'-A serviceabler rac ket for W/r^ *H5 P«pair; now. . . flflo X
$ ' principal wool; -"clean-up" TrimminffS, Half. wear. • . ; - > . children. .. ..... . 7S C ? * ' ' ' -' * ° »-«e Curtains— 50 odd pairs "~;«
X vnee ....... $1.78 Half off now to close out a large Sizes 8^ to 11 for. . .>.. . . $1*25 7 ,\ • j slightly soiled at one-quarter off; W
i Nice Cotton Crib Blankets, siz ; 31 of Trimming, and Sizes, ,g to a for . . .V. -. •-. >f 5 V Th^;^» r^ ~ A racket for boys . price, now per pair .. 75O to £
2° 18 inches mir ?7s> P«sementenes, in black and ¦; ¦ ¦- . ¦- and girls . . $1,OO StuitnUftt^f • .'..'.. . . ..$5.OO *
X35incne,,p . a/C All-Overs for waists and ButteHck P&ttierttS The "Gereva"— Slocum shape, for $1,53 TiJTJ~ Curtain .Ends— 1^ yard, long, J
S /. ioc Plab White Shaker Flannel; Furnishings Pattern Sheet for February can be obtained in _. J ' ' ' ',',.": ' • *'=' OJ , now half off regular prices to JfnaunUaiWfm jg
X 63 /ffll* Man the Department. . Tne "51 cum Junior' —Strung with white t i osc . ; . C hild -en's red or blue Stockiap, S
$ 40c PUid' 'French Funnels, all Men's UnSunCered ShTrts-Re- Trc February Delineator, bigger, brighter, gutV^ . . . . $3,t>O ¦ " . . wiA exacted white do^Je, X
t wool; yard ...... 27 O inforced linen bosom, good better than - ever; something in it to please The "Slocum '-Strung with white and red 5^, 6, and 6^ only, cl«n- J
X *,,c Bleached Co-ton Towes^ wcght, well made,, pcr^ gar- aoo satin and silk stocks, gold and chenille ... . . ...:.. . . $ 6 .UQ enough for chair sea", and backs; UdUs* Black H<*e, with plain or *
X ;11K^7 Oftn u m . Cnt ;,,V ,'h '•" f 9 ° T^' in " assortment of- pleasing color The "Spalding," with cane handle $7.OO iho beautiful Cushion Top,, at ribbed top; also a few with 5
I x*o mches; dozen . £60 Men's AIKWool Hosiery-Seam- effects; marked to "clean-up" " . ' .- F ¦ " *' ' ?£%£ fuliy one-third ks, than real dropped stitch, good value, at aoc $
X 45c Damask Tray Cloths, fancy le«, fine quality, to close out the 25c and 35c values for ...... '. . 17o WC*'ts, 1 3-ouncj and over, guarantied. worth; each and 45c- "clean-up" price X
X openwork; each . . . . 28O line; per pair. . . . . .J60 Extra 50c va'.ucs for k ... .%23d ' IVs re-string Rackets. 5UC to $5.OO pair . . ' ¦ . 14O *By Guisarci.
BARD OF AVON LOOMS
UP ONCE MORE IN THE
ESTEEM OF PLAYGOERS
PRIMA • DONNA SOPRANO WHO
WILL BE HEARD AT THE TIV
OLJ THIS WEEK.
unnamed. It is a model of elocutionary
art; accent, emphasis, modulation, all
fitted to the noble verse to its last high
necessity. More than any other Shakes
pearean actor of the year, barring
Salassa, Mr. Haworth has the facility of
creating and sustaining illusion. The
"atmosphere" of the "Hamlet," as given
by him and his fellow-players at the
Grand Opera-house, held more conviction
than either the Kidder-Jaxnes or the
Modjeska-James performances, with all
their pomp of circumstance. I have seen
no more remarkable instance of the lift
and illumination of a single personality,
together with the known maglo of a
good play, than that afforded by Joseph.
Haworth's effect upon his associates at
the Grand Opera-house in the "Hamlet'*
and "Merchant of Venice" performances.
It is the product of an eminent I sincer
ity and a triumph of temperament.
Louis James never touches the bottom
of things in tragedy, though he is al
ways reasonably acceptable. There is an
irritating insincerity in his work, and in
spite of his fine bearing, voice and die-*
tlon, his Cardinal Wolsey seems only Ies4
thin than the body of his Macbeth, or lesa
vital than his Shylcck. Clowning It in
Bottom he is a reasonable satisfaction.
Frederick Warde has been classed
among those who rant, but his Mark
Antony is strong and sincere and with
out any undue emphasis. It has helped
generously to conviction the week's per
formance at the California Theater. Tha
Brutus of Charles D. Herman, particular
ly In its later phase, is also worthy, and
more the fine Casslus of Barry John
stone before mentioned.
A TALKNTEO TRAGEDIAN
WHOSE WORK IN "JUl.nJS
CAESAR" WAS EXCELLENT.
The sale of season tickets so far has
been highly encouraging, but, with an
expenditure of $681 for each concert for
orchestra, alone, it can easily be seen that
a very substantial Bupport is required to
make possible this noblest form of musi
cal entertainment. The sale of seats for
the Hofmann recitals is also very good.
and seems to point to the solution that
people ar« Intending to take in both af
fairs, or to support the local organization
financially and attend the visiting attrac
tion, or contrariwise— which Beems less
likely — to subscribe for the piano recital
and go to the symphony concert. I wish
programme, and it is therefore going to
be quite difficult to choose between the
lodal and visiting attractions next Friday
afternoon. Both will undoubtedly suffer,
for the symphony concert clientele in
cludes practically all the best friends of
the art. who will certainly, therefore, be
those most desirous of doing honor to
the brilliant young pianist, who makes
his first appearance here this week. The
arrangements for both affairs were made
eome time ago and neither is now admis
sible to change. No blame seems to at
tach to either management for the unfor
tunate coincidence, and it is "up to" the
music-lover to do his best under the try
ing circumstances. It may be said that
there will be more symphony concerts
than next Friday, but Mr. Hofmann is
also to be heard again in the near future,
and it is to be remembered that the fu
ture of symphony in San Francisco is
jiow trembling in the balance and will
depend largely upon the support afforded
the present experimental series of con
certs.
THE symphony concert or the Hof
mann recital next Friday after
noon? Is the puzzling Question
for the music-lover this week. We
are unused here to the familiar
Quandary of the concert-goer in large
cities, where choice among a number of
equally attractive musical events has to
be made almost daily. We cannot make
up our minds to resign gracefully any of
the few good things that fall into our
Th© palm for th© year's individual
achievement lies between the Hamlet of
Joseph Haworth and the Iago of Oau
denzlo Salassa. Both Impersonations are
admirable to a degree, and almost of the
greatest, Salassa's the subtler concep
tion. Haworth's ta* more vividly fea
tured. Despite the comparative arti
ficiality of his medium, th© naturalism of
the singer's embodiment is no lew mark
ed than the admirable realism of th© ac
tor's characterization, and Salassa's Iago,
with its ample Shakespearean grasp, grim
humor, . supple cynicism and Latin grace,
leaving out of -the question entirely its
vocal beauty, must be reckoned with all
but the greatest work done In the name
of the master.
. Full of conscience, dignity and high in
telligence- is Mr. Haworth's "Hamlet "
and not less distinguished for elocution
ary charm. His delivery is as far re-'
moved from th© artificial accent that
mars the otherwise excellent Casslus of
Barry Johnstone, that we have had this
wee*k, as it is from the vicious colloquial
ism or rant of other actors who may rest
WHEN in doubt play Shakespeare
seems no ill rule for the theatri
cal manager to take to heart and
"chew upon," as Brutus puts it.
The year of January, 1901. to
January. 1902. holds a round dozen of lo
cal Shakespearean productions of more or
less merit, but all reasonably successful
so far as financial results go, some
conspicuously so. . It is doubtful, for
example. If the Grand Opera-house
has held bo large houses at any
time during Its dramatic season of the
year as for "Hamlet" and "The Merchant
of Venice," given there during the engage
ment of Joseph Haworth last November.
So, too, the California box-offlce is mak
ing no complaint to-day of Shakespearejs
drawing power from the current week ¦
experiences with Frederick "Wards letting
"loose tho dogs of war" In "Julius Cae
sar." And I doubt not that Mr. Warde's
"King Lear" of last night looked out
upon an audience that even the flame
haired and auburn-moraled "Zaza" would
not have despised. At least things looked
that way when I interrogated the smiling
management on the subject. It is to be
remembered, too, that "Sapho" saw no
larger houses' last year at the Alcazar
with Florence Roberts dragging her stiff
necked victim, Ernest Hastings, and later
the goo-goo-eyed White Whlttlesey.
down to the eternal dum-dums. than It
did with the same lady cleverly shrewing
it as Katherine in "The Taming of th©
Shrew," or inviting neumonia on a bal
cony in "Borneo and Juliet." Neither
does the "through by daylight or I'll bust
the boilers" drama do any better busi
ness up at the Central Theater than did
"Julius Caesar" last year with Robert
Downing as Mark Antony and the house
company in support.
It Is true that neither th© Kldder-
James engagement of last year, with
"Th© Midsummer Night's Dream" as
menu, nor the Modjeska-James engage
ment of this year, with "Macbeth,"
"Henry VIII" and "The Merchant of Ven
ice" for fare, has been what without
stretching could be called brilliantly suc
cessful. Still all the performances eas
ily bear comparison in their financial
takings with the best two modern plays
of last year, "Mrs. Dane** Defense" and
"A Royal Family," which is no bad
record. „
Perhaps, as holding mayhap the best
Shakespearean characterization of the
year, the "Otello" at the Tivoll should not
be omitted, though Salassa's subtle Iago
la sung not spoken, and the magic of Ver
di is added to the wizardry of Shakes
peare. But every on© knows that th©
"Otello" is always on© of th© Tivoli's best
lures to the multitudes. Grau, too, contrib
uted his Shakespearean Quota, giving us
the operatic "Romto and Juliet," that even
th© Iollipopular setting of Gounod ha»
not wholly deprived of wonder and charm.
and that stood by no means last In f a
vor in the Grau repertoire. Altogether,
"Zaza" and company, not to speak of the
pinchbeck heroisms and emotions of the
"Janice Meredith" school. . the fluffs . and
frills of "Florodora" and the Ilk© expen
sively pettlcoated productions, th© thrills
of "Under Two Flags" and so forth, have
not yet, succeeded in putting "Julius
Caesar" out of business here, and there
seems no present need of putting up the
shutters. Which Is all very desirable, and
greatly to our credit
As Prince Henry is not to come farther West than St. Louis it. may be set "down. right now
that while he will have a royal time he won't see the really royal part of this country.
The following excellent programme will
be given at the benefit concert to Mme.
Fabbrl-Mueller to-morrow evening at
Sherman & Clay Hall:
Adagio and Bcherzo from trio in E fiat.
Op. t, No. 1..... Beethoven
Mary, Su*an and Dorothy Pasmore.
"Thou Brilliant Bird" ..David
Miss Beulah George.
Flute obllcato by Ella* Hecht. H. B. Pas
more, accompanist. -
"Ch» Oellfla Miiininn," Puccini
Algernon Aspland.
(a) "Ah! Bendi Ml" ,Vr. Rossi
Cb) "L'Addlo" Mozart
Mrs. LlIHe A. Birmingham.
(a) Trio, Schnbert'a Serenade Schubert
(b) "Moment Musicals" ..Schubert
Mary, Susan and Dorothy Pasmore.
Becltatlon Selected
Miss Gertrude Joseph.
"FrnhllnKBlled" Keuman
Mme. De S«mlnario.
"Maomttto Becondo" Rossini
Harry H. Barnhart.
"Etaccato Polka" r. Mulder
Miss Cecelia Bamlels.
Violin solo. "•ValBo" ...Ovide Musin
John R. Lewis.
Quartet from "Rigoletto" ." Verdi
Mme. De Semlnario, Mrs. Birmingham, A.
Aapland and H. II. Barnhart.
Mrs. K. de Mott, " Harry Flckenscher and H. i
. a. Pasmore, accompanists,
The reports are the more curious because they are not accompanied by any statements of
unusual warmth. The New England papers record sleighing and skating events just as usual,
notwithstanding the appearance of the robins. ; It is up to the naturalist to explain the move
ments^ of the birds. Something has set the robinsand the butterflies to join the winter gayeties of
Boston and St.^Petersburg, and it ought to be inquired into.
A short time ago the New Haven Palladium noted that wild geese that went south late
last fall are already returning to' the north/and have made their appearance in New England. That
fact in itself was interesting, but the return of the geese has been followed by that of other birds.
The Boston Globe says that since the middle of January quite a number of robins have been ob
served in that city. It also notes the reappearance of flie3 that do not usually haunt Boston homes
and offices at this season. of the year. .-".- - - ""•.-/
. From Europe come stories still more . strange. ' The Westminster Gazette reports frequent
instances, of nest building by robins and other birds in various parts 'of England, and cites two
cases where the young have actually been hatched. Finally from St. Petersburg, where the Rus
sian winter usually renders it almost impossible for any but the hardiest animals to survive
in the open air in January, the report comes of numbers of butterflies seen disporting themselves
in the park's and seeming to enjoy the weather.
•*~^ ALIFORNIA seasons follow one another with such slight degrees of change, and one
¦ year is so much like another, that we have none, of those extraordinary seasons that
'\^ a perplex people in the East and in Europe by throwing nearly the whole of the ordinary
.^— "^ processes of nature out of order, giving them sometimes roses in February and some
times a snowstorm in July. This winter, for example, is notable with us only because up to this
time we have had less than our normal rainfall. In the East and in Europe, however, it is prov
ing to be a wonder to the oldest inhabitant.
A.3ST HIXTI^^OI^r)I3>TA.I^ < y -vVTinSTTElR,.
That disaster is far off in the future. For the present let it be understood that Oakland
nights are harmless and Oakland married folks need not show up at home unless their money
gives out. So long as they can afford it, they may chase bats or do what they choose. "Out all
night" is to be the motto of the city. The courts approve it and Mrs. Grundy has left town.
... While Oakland may be felicitated upon these judicial dispersions of the suspicion brought
upon her by the Police Judge who fined himself for staying out all night, the consequences are
apt to bring about something like a wholesale desertion of the homes of the city. If no wife have
a right to inquire where her husband passes the night, and no husband a right to ask where his
wife sleeps or dances from dewy eve till morning light, there is going to be many a deserted
hearth where once two happy hearts reposed in one another and mutually confided all
their secrets. "
Under such circumstances it is gratifying that the influences of Oakland nights have been
brought into court and duly subjected to judicial investigation and decision. A short time ago in
a divorce case Judge Ogden decided that the fact that an Oakland man stayed out all night with
out accounting to his wife was not good ground for divorce; and now Judge Hall has decided
that if an Oakland woman stay out all night and decline to give a true account of herself, her hus
band cannot^on that ground divorce her. Thus being out all night in -Oakland is not a sufficient
cause for divorce on the part of either husband or wife. The nights therefore must be harmless.
Among all the breezes that blow and linger over the mudflats and amid the rose gardens of the
city there is not one that breathes a breath of suspicion.upon the wanderer of the night. What
ever she may be by day, Oakland by starlight is above reproach.
Out of that discussion it came about that Oakland nights got to be looked upon as.some
thing queer. There was 'a widespread belief that through the streets and the byways of our
sister city there radiated after 'dark something more than the shine of the stars and the gleam of
gas and electric lights. San Francisco wives whose husbands had business on the. other, side of
the bay got into the habit of insisting they should return before dark, and even in Oakland itself
it seems a dread grew up, and any one known to have been out all night was looked upon with
suspicion by Mrs. Grundy.
,~.The issue was never settled,; though the /opinion -prevailed that the bat : theory had the
worst of the argument. It was pointed out that; Police Judges and perhaps other Judges had
chased bats all the long night through in San Francisco, San Jose, Oakland, Sacramento and
Los Angeles, but had never found it necessary to fine themselves next morning; while on the
other hand, so the argument ran; no one ever wandered about Oakland at night without having a
peculiar experience, .whether chasing a bat or not.
ONCE upon. a time, as will be Well remembered, a Police Judge in Oakland fined himself
$50 in open court for having spent the night chasing a bat. The incident made a pro
found impression upon the public mind. * It attracted a great deal of attention from
those who are inclined to the study of natural phenomena, and whose minds are
aroused by anything that appears unusual or abnormal. Some investigators concluded that the
effect upon the mind of the Judge was produced by the bat; but others held that it would have
been just the same had there been no bat. They contended that there are certain influences which
exhale from Oakland nights which thrill the nerve centers of even the most callous and produce
diverse effects according to the temperament of the person acted upon. '
NIGHTS IN O-A-KZL-AJSTO.
Her success was immediate. She drop - 1
ped Into the role with the ease of a vet
eran and has Blnce filled all Its require
ments with utmost aplomb. The former
Fresno girl is an actress of refreshing
naturalness and bouyancy. and sings with
ease and charm in a voice that is better
than its use. The "Wood Nymph and the
River God," one of the dainUest of comlo
opera lyrics, shows Miss Berri at her
vocal best. It Is charmingly sung, with
taste, sympathy and full vocal mastery.
There seems no good reason for the oc
casional harshness that mars the singer's
tone quality, for some of her notes, es
pecially in the upper range and in all of
her pianissimos, are admirably sweet.
She has a good compass, with particu
larly useful upper notes, and, barring the
sometimes stridency before mentioned, Is
one of the most attractive comic opera
singers that have been heard here, and a
"credit to her country."
Until two or three weeks ago the role
of the Princess Chic has been sung by
Marguerite Sylva, who has taken care of
the part ever since the first production of
the opera, more than' a year ago. But
two or three weeks ago in Denver Miss
Sylva disappeared from .the cast and
Miss Berri, then singing at Castle Square,
was called upon at shortest notice to take
the part.
"The Princess Chic" at the Columbia
naturally gains largely In importance
here from the presence at the head of the
cast of Miss Maude Lillian Berrl, a clever
young woman who hails from Fresno.
The circumstances of her engagement are
peculiar and interesting.
The Tivoll Company numbers among Its
members only one new etar, Harold Gor
don, the tenor. Jtr. . Gordon should be
good, If masters have any t rung to do with
the case,, as his chief instructor, Sbrlglla,
was also Jean de Reszke's principal
teacher. Anna Lichter returns after a
two years' absence, and with almost two
years' study in Germany to the good. The
clever young woman should be singing
very well now, as she knew how to sing
before she went away, and with two
years' additional study should take very
high place among comic opera lights.
Beethoven
(c) Impromptu, G major Schubert
(d) Boiree do Vienne Schubert
(a) Ballade, A flat major. Chopin
(b) Prelude, No. 25 ..Chopin
(c) Valae, A flat Chopin
(d) Gnoraenrelgea Liszt
(e) Nachtstucka Schumann
(f) Jongleur Moszkowskl
(£) Overture Tannhauser
The Friday programme will be:
(a) Fugue, A minor Bach-Liszt
(b) Sonate, A flat major, Op. 39 Weber
(c) Scherzo a Cappiiccio Mendelssohn
(d) Berceuse Joseph Hofmann
(e) Durch die Wolken.. ....... Joseph Hofmann
(f) Danse Macabre Saint Saens
(a) Ballade, O minor Chopin
(b) Two Polish Songs, G flat major and G
major Chopin
(c) Llebestram Liszt
(d) Valse Mei>hl£to Liszt
.' Mr. Hofmann's admirable programmes
will contain the following for Tuesday
afternoon, at 3 o'clock precisely:
(a) Variations, F minor ...Haydn
(b) Sonale Appasslonata, F minor, Op. 57
The single seat sale begins at 9 o'clock
on .Tuesday morning at Sherman &
Clay's music store.
• • •
The symphony programme Includes the
following very Interesting numbers:
Symphony, "New "World" Dvorak
Overture, "Euryanthe" Weber
Suite, "The Nutcracker" Techalkowsky
"RhapBOdia Espasncle" . . . : Lalo
the best of luck to both, and like my
neighbor will doubtless take my afternoon
as the British worklngman takes his beer
— " 'alf-an'-'alf."
It is of course the aim of the St. Louis people to make their exposition larger and better
than any which has preceded it. That aim \s reasonably sure of accomplishment. In the natural
order of things such expositions ought to improve. As industry advances, transportation facili
ties improve, and the nations draw nearer together through commerce, it is always easier in each
succeeding year to arrange for a larger industrial display. St. Louis is making full use of the im
provements that have been made in all lines of industry since the Paris Exposition. She has raised
a larger sum of money than was ever before used for such purposes, and has planned the build
ings and the surrounding grounds upon a scale of unequaled magnitude and magnificence.
It is gratifying to know that preparations are under way to provide for California an ex
hibit at the exposition which will be worthy of her vast resources and of the splendid opportunity
the exposition will afford to attract capital and settlers to the State/In making such prepara
tions every county should actively aid. It is to be for us a year of golden opportunity, and we
should be prompt to profit by it. ¦
The exposition authorities are now trying to overcome the objections of those European
governments which have thus far declined to participate. Even should such efforts fail, how
ever, the situation would not be so bad as may be supposed. The failure of the governments to
take part in the exhibit would not mean a failure on the part of the manufacturers and producers.
From every country in the world a good exhibit is already assured, and in order to put an end
to all rumors of postponement the St.. Louis committee recently "adopted a resolution declaring:
"That under the act of Congress and under eVery plan of the board of directors and the executive
committee the exposition will open and close in the year 1903."
The statement of President Francis is the more important because he has been quoted as
advocating a postponement. It appears from the report that some of the European
governments in reply to invitations to exhibit have declined on the ground that the time is insuffi
cient for them to make arrangements. When' asked whether under such cir
cumstances St. Louis could not make a better exposition in 1904 than in 1003 he answered tnat
it could. The reply was misunderstood and taken as a declaration in favor of postponement/when
the president meant it as nothing more than a statement of the self-evident truth that the more
time given to preparation the better would be the result. He holds/ however, that while something
would be gained by delay, much would be lost, and that it is' better to hold the exposition at the
time fixed by Congress and announced by the President in his proclamation inviting foreign
countries to participate.
PERSISTENT reports that the opening of the St. Louis Exposition will have to be post
poned until 1904 have brought from ex-Governor Francis, president of the exposition
company, an emphatic statement that there will be no postponement, that the exposition
will not only open at the date originally fixed, but will be in good shape on the open
ing day.
THE ST, UOXJIS EXPOSITION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
THE SAN FRANGISCQ GALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. Address Communications to. W. S. LEAKE, Manager
Sunday;;......,;"."",!,',^,,' ...?..........; ...^.;;. I'.".'.... .-."'."1".'."."..'.. ;';.'..-. V.V. January 26.1902
Publication Office m$^!^3$& .'.' .............. ..Market and Third, S. F.
By Blanche Partington.
HARD QUESTION ARISES
FOR THE DECISION OF
THE LOVERS OF MUSIC
22
ADVZETISEMENTS.
The city Is full of Colds and Ortp? ever*
one Is, coughing and sneezing:
To avoid taking Cold, keep tha feet dry
and wear warm clothing.
A lighter shoe at night. a> hisb-oeck
flannel set aside— Just for once to wear an
evening gown— are fraught with danger.
A change from a thick business suit to
evening dress makes many a sore chest.
Going out of a superheated house, han^,
church or theater is a frequent cause.
- Use care in your dress, avoid exposure,
carry and tak© "SBVENTT-SEVEN**
("77"), Dr. Humphreys' Famous Specific.
It stops a Cold at the start and "breaks
up" Colds that hang on.
:.-¦ v ; f ¦¦ ./.. ¦ ¦
$1,000 REWARD
IV "WE FAOi TO DO A3 WE AGREE. SPE-
clallsta on Diseases and Weaknesses of
Men. Oriirtnal new method. No other doctors
can do as we do, for ours are Individual ways.
ProsUtltla — I tried many doctors In vain.
Dr. Williams & Co. curel me. — B. N. Rogers.
Fresno. CaL
Losses. Weakness — I am cored: raised 23
pounds. Dr. Williams & Co. are reliable.-^. K.
WalJ-h, Grass Valley, Cal.
Dr. Williams & Co. cured me of Gleet of 4
years* standlne.— H. Wallace. Bakersfleld. Cal.
Plain rules and prepared tests for self-exam-
ination sent free. Write to-day.
DR. WILLIAMS & CO., 140 Geary St., S. F.
purr nnuAi °° rnM> Foxuth «"*
lAiL IiU YAL ss&ffls
will h. nwiliu fc overcoats and
fallsea checked frea
Special information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont*
fomery. street. Telephone, Mala iW^ •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market st. Palace Hotel building. ?
CaL Glace Fruit 60c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
POSTTJM CEBEAL.
A GOOD CHANGE
A diange of rood Works "Wonders.
Th& wrong food and drink cause a lot
of trouble in this world. To change the
food is the first duty of every person that
Is ill, particularly from stomach and ner-
vous troubles. As an illustration: A lady
In Hickxnon Mills, Mo., has, with her
husband, been brought around to health
egaln by leaving off coffee and some arti-
cles of food that did not agree with them.
They began using Postum Food Coffee
and Grape-Nuts Breakfast Food.
She says: 'Tor a number of years I
suffered with stomach and bowel trouble
which kept getting worse until I was
very ill most of the time. About four
years ago I left off coffee and began tak-
ing Postum. My stomach and bowels im-
proved right along, but I was so re-
duced in flesh and so nervous that the
least thing would overcome me.
"Then I changed my food and began
using Grape-Nuts Breakfast Food in ad-
dition to my Postum Coffee. I live*d on
'¦ hese two principally for about four
months. Day by day I sained in flesh
and strength until now the nervous trou-
ble has entirely disappeared and I feel
that I owe my life and health to Postum
and Grape-Nuts.
"Husband Is 73 years old and he was
troubled for a, long time with occasional
cramps, and Blept badly. Finally I pre-
vailed upon him to leave off coffee and
take Postum. He stood out for a long
lime, but after he tried Postum for a few
days he found that he could sleep and
that { his cramps disappeared. He was
tfatisfied and has never had coffee since.
"I have a brother in California who has
been using Postum for several years; his
'«-hole family use it also because they
liave bad euch g-ood results from It."-WASHINGTON, Jan. .23.— The Senate Com
mittee on Judiciary to-day authorized a favor
able report on Senator Hoar's joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, giving Congress the power
to demicnate some one. to act a* President In
case of the disability of both , the President
and the Vic*. President. : /
OTTAWA. Ontario, Jan. 25.— The Hotel
Cecil was burned early to-day. Loss $60,
000. Guests on the fifth floor had to leave
the building ln their night clothes, and
some of them had to be taken out of the
windows with ladders.
Guests Flee From Burning Hotel.
BOSTON, Jan. 25.— The United States
steamship Olympia, which has been extensive
ly repaired, went into commission at the navy
yard to-day.
DENVER, Jan.' 25.— Through the efforts
of Dr. Jose Cuneo, Italian Consul here, it
was learned to-night that Tomasso Mind,
the man who was arrested ln Larimer
County yesterday on suspicion of being
the Fridborn murderer, has been for years
a miner at Central City, Colo., and that
he recently went insane. He Is said to
have eluded his friends and left Central
City last Wednesday. He believed that
he was being hunted and his efforts to es
cape imaginary pursuers directed suspi
cion toward him. He was brought here
this morning. His wound Is a serious one.
Prisoner Said to Be Insane.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.— Henry St John
DIx, accused of embezzling $23,000 from
the Scandinavian-American Bank at
"Whatcom. Wash., and who was arrested
recently in London, arrived here to-day in
charge of Sheriff W. J. Brlsbln of What
com County, Wash., on board the steamer
St. Paul. Sheriff Brlsbln and hia prisoner
started immediately for the "West.
Biz Is Brought Back.
COLD WAVE ARRIVES.
Prevails in San Francisco.
Lowest Temperature of the Season
The cold -weather predicted by Fore-
Caster McAdie arrived in California yes
terday with its strength unimpaired and
last night the people of San Francisco
were trying.to keep comfortable In a tem
perature but a few degrees above freez
ing point: Washington, Idaho, Montana,
Utah and Nevada had genuine winter
weather. Snow fell at various points in
these States and high winds prevailed.
In California the mercury fell lower
than at any time during the winter. It
Is predicted that this morning will be
colder than last night and fruit growers
all over the State have been warned of
frosts. Strong winds swept the coast all
day yesterday and the ocean was decid
edly rough. ¦ • •
The forecast for San Francisco for to
day is clear and exceptionally cold
weather.
CHRISTIANIA, Norway, Jan. 25.— A pro
posal has been Introduced in both the Nor
wegian Storthing and Swedish Rlxdag to ap
point a committee to consider the question of
a permanent neutrality of the dual monarchy.
A report reached here to-night that the
timbering in the tunnel had caught fire
and was burning. In that event traffic
will be delayed many hours. The wreck
age of the two trains fills the tunnel and
the demolished cars probably will be en
tirely consumed. No trains will get
through to-night.
Passenger train No. 1 is held at Serrano
and may not reach San Francisco until
late to-morrow afternoon.
The two trains met in • tunnel No. 2
while going at full speed. Both engines
were demollahed. Fireman Joseph Mc-
Carthy of the gravel train was caught be
tween the engine and the tank. His back
was broken and he was terribly mangled.
Notwithstanding his awful injuries he
lived to reach this city, being conveyed
hither on a farm wagon driven by Fire
man Symmorfs of the fast freight, who
was himself Injured. McCarthy died at
6 o'clock, just after the wagon had ar
rived In San Luis Obispo. He was about
25 years of age and a native of Castro
ville. where his parents reside.
Conductor Datis was in charge of the
fast freight and Engineer Thyle was at
the throttle. Conductor Schrader and En
gineer Laing were in charge of the gravel
train. It has been impossible to-night to
lif responsibility for the disaster, which
evidently was due to confusing orders or
to disobedience on the part of one of the
crews. Engineer Lalng was badly cut
on the left hand and the engineer and
fireman of the freight were injured, but
their hurts are not serious.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 25.— One man
was killed and several slightly injured at
4 o'clock this afternoon in a head-end col
lision between freight train No. 244 (the
fast freight for New Orleans) and a gravel
train working between Goldtree and Santa
Marguerita. The collision occurred in
tunnel No. 2, eight miles from San Luis
Obispo. The freight, running on regular
time, was ordered to pass No. 1, tne
north-bound passenger, at Goldtree. . The
gravel train, running on signal orders and
not knowing that the fast freight had
orders to pass the passenger train at
Goldtree, attempted- to reach Cuesta sid
ing, north of tunnel No. 1, and there let
the passenger pass.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 25.— Up to to-day tbe
season's rainfall is 1.96 inches, a deficiency
of three inches compared with normal
years. For the storm since the 20th thy
precipitation is, 1.10. It rained here this
afternoon.
MONTEREY. Jan. 25.-Slishtly moro
than two inches of rain has fallen here
abouts durinjr the storm of the past six
days. A light fall of snow mantles th^
adjacent mountains. Present conditions
indicate that the storm is riot over.
SANTA ANA. Jan. 25.-Raln fell again
last night ln quantities sufficient to bring
the total for the present storm up to .S3
of an inch. The' prospects for more rain
are good. The rainfall thus far will be
of immense benefit to the, farming Indus
tries of the county in starting green feed
for pasturage and In saving thousands of
acres of grain which has already been
planted.
PORTI*A.ND, Or., Jan. 25.— The mercury
reached 13 degrees above zero here early
this morning. At Baker City it fell to 1
degrees below zero. .
Rainfall at Down Coast Points Gives
Impetus to Crops.
PLENTIFUL PRECIPITATION.
This destruction of property was caused
chiefly by the breaking of log booms at
Read & Buchanan's mill, near the
smelter. A heavy north-west wind car
ried the logs straight toward the founda
tions of the mills, where they were thrown
about as playthings by the waves. Some
of them were hurled shoroward to a
height of eighty feet. , •
Heavy logs were crushed and twisted
and piles were broken off as though they
were pipestems.
The North Tacoma Shingle Company
suffered heavy damage by the undermin
ing of Us mill. Its log chute was broken
down.
Still greater damage was caused by the
undermining of the new shingle mill of
Carlson & Co. The mill was destroyed,
Its foundations being knocked from be
neath It by a boom of logs that broke
loose and were driven against piles by
the surging waves. Part of the old mill
fell Into the bay from the same cause,
carrying' Its machinery with It. A dry
kiln Qlled with shingles was wrecked and
thrown into the sound.
TACOMA, Jan. 25.— Damage estimated
at $20,000 was caused last night and
this morning at Old Tacoma by the
tail end of the blizzard that swept over
Puget Sound. Among, the novel effects
visible this morning was that of a large
grocery store floating down the bay and
out toward the sea. This store was yes
terday located at the end of the city
wharf at Old Tacoma, which Is leased by
the grocery firm of Johnson Brothers.
They do a large business with Sound
steamers and country towns, keeping both
the store and a warehouse filled with
stock.
JLast night the wind and beating of the
logs against its foundations combined to
undermine the city wharf on which the
grocery store stood. Part of it fell in,
leaving the outer portion, on which the
grocery rested, afloat in the bay. One of
the owners -was In the store when the
wharf went down. He remained aboard
the floating provision emporium all night
and was up bright and early this morning
trying to engage help from the shore. As
early as possible a tug was sent out to
his relief and the grocery store was
hauled back to the wharf.
5 At Moran's 'yards were moored the
steamships Oresron, Roanoke, Cutch and
Willamette and the ocean-going tug
Wanderer. All except the Cutch and Wil
lamette were more or less seriously dam
aged. The Roanoke and the Oregon were
tied side by side on the western face of
the dock and received a fearful pounding.
As yet a marine survey of the steamers
has not been held, but it is known that
the Oregon suffered the most damage. The
Roanoke lost a part of her rails and bul
warks and may have been strained. The
"Wanderer beat up against the dock,
smashing in her bulwarks, broke down
sections of piling and Is damaged to the
extent of $2500. ,
Grocery-Store Afloat
The Stetson-Post mill was shut down
during the day and six tugs irom the
Stevenson ana Bleekum fleet were en
gaged in capturing the logs, which were
adrift. Twelve sections broke away, and
to-day they were scattered over the bay
so thickly that it was dangerous for the
smaller craft to venture out at all. Karly
in the morning the sight along the water
front was an Interesting one. The bay
was covered by floating logs, and here
and there could be seen bits of wreckage.
The tugs formed in a great loop connect
ed by a line of logs, and as they steamed
up along- the water front all the stray
logs were caught In the circuit.
There were only a few docks that en
tirely escaped damage. The most serious
damage was sustained by Galibralth-
Uacon's new pier, Lllly-Bogardus' pier,
Jones wharf and Myers' cannery. At
each of the four piers the estimate of
damage Is placed at not less than $1000,
and at Myers' the tin shop went down.
There several large fishing-boats were
wrecked.
Yesterday's storm damages on the Se
attle water front aggregate $40,000. Acci
dents and disasters were numerous and
of a varying character, including every
thing from the smashing of a small row
boat to the loss of a large steamer, the
E. D. Smith.
Wreckage on the Water Front.
The accident occurred while the Main
lander was enroute to tnis city from Van
couver. Ihe worst weather was not met
until the voyage lmd Deen partially com
pleted, and between the banning storm
and ine impossibility ot steering in any
straight course tne steamer rtnaiiy
brought up on the sands of the island
shore. No one was injured in the mis
hap. None ot .the Dassengers ana crew
Wfci-e in any danger at any time.
The captain wires that the passengers
will be brought to this city to-morrow on
the steamer State of Washington. Re
garding the present condition of the Main
lander, he says she can be easily towed
back Into the water. The local officials
expect to have her ln commission again
by Monday night.
SEATTLE, Jan. 25.— The Sound steamer
Mainlander, operated between this city,
Port Townsend and Vancouver, went
ashore on the beach of St. Claire Island,
in the lower Sound, early yesterday morn-
Ing 1 , during the snowstorm and gale which
swept the entire Northwest. The local
officials first heard of the vessel's mishap
to-day, when a telegram was received
from the captain, stating that the steamer
was resting easily upon a sandy bottom,
and, so tar as could be ascertained, was
not damaged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tire Starts in the Wreckage and
Traffic on the' Coast Railroad
Is Brought to a
Standstill.
Storm Wrecks Buildings and Dam
ages Shipping Along the Water
Fronts in Seattle and
Tacoma.
Fireman Loses His Life in a
Disaster Near San Luis
Obispo. •
Captain Sends Word That the
Vessel's Passengers
Are Safe.
Freight Crashes Into a
Locomotive Hauling
Gravel Oars.
Steamer Mainlander Is
Ashore on St. Claire
Island. V
Nepa Official Objects to the Granting
DISTRICT ATTOBlfEY
CLASHES WITH COURT
of a Hew Trial to Alleged
Abductor.
NAPA, Jan. 25.— Joe Bush, who was con
victed here by a Jury several weeks ago
Dn a charge of abduction, has been grant
id a new trial by Judge Ham. His case
•rae eet for a hearing on February 13.
Bush and two other companions stole
A.nnle Ligthenfleld away from a house near
St. Helena several months ago. All three
men were convicted. One served a term
of thirty days and the other Is serving
six months ln the County Jail. Bush has
been ln custody all this time awaiting a
decision on his motion for a new trial.
District Attorney Bell of this county has
said that ho •will not prosecute the case
again; that If It goes to trial on February
13 Judge Ham will have to appoint an
other attorney to act ln his stead. The
District Attorney further declares he will
appeal from Ham's decision. He believes
Bush should not have been granted a new
trial.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPXE "
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes in the Postal Service and
More New Pensions Are
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2o.-The Postof
fice Department to-day- announced the
following: Postofflce established: Wash
ington—Meteor, Ferry County, George W.
Herron Postmaster. Postmasters com
missioned: California— Georgiana S. Bel
den, Fiench Camp; Absalom M. Addlng
ton. May; Alfred H. Cowell, Woodbrldge;
Helen G. Simon. Hearst; Charles I>.
Phelps, Cazadero. Washington— Charles
R. Pomeroy, Chautauqua.
These pensions were granted; Califor
nia: Original— Henry D. Shackley, Lay
tonville, $6. War with Spain— George
Cameron .King, San Francisco, $8; Arthur
P. Snow, San Francisco, flO; Herbert A.
Engleth, Stockton, $8. Increase— James
Collins, Sacramento, $12; Charles C.
Twiss, Beaumont. $12; Mllo G. Ford, Sol
diers' Home. Ix>s Angeles. $12. Mexican
war— Samuel 1). Sirrine, Veterans* Home,
Napa, $12. War with Spain— Charles W.
Ruedy, Ban Francisco, $30.
Washington: Increase— Joseph Snow,
Wlnlock, $12; Leonard C. Hill, Seattle, $8;
Lewis Lewis, Renton, $12. .
Army orders announce that Major Og
den Rafferty, surgeon, and Captain
George J. Newgarden, assistant Burgeon,
are detailed as members of a board of
medical officers to meet at the general
hospital. Presidio of San Francisco, for
the examination of candidates for admis
sion to the medical corps, vice Major
Robert J. Gibson, surgeon, and William
H. Wilson, assistant -surgeon, relieved.
Captain Francis P. Slviter. quartermas
ter, now at Vancouver Barracks, will pro
ceed to San Francisco for duty with re
cruits to the Philippines, wher» h« will
join his regiment ¦ - .,
GALE PLAYS
SAD PRANKS
ON SOUND
TWO TRAINS
COLLIDE IN
DARK TUNNEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUABY 26, 1902.
23
Ecptnred men. women and cUldrea ptrmaneattj eared ln 90 days without pain or tb«
•TlgbUit isoonrenlenc* by Uw "Fi<lelitr' r Method. More then 30,000 people cured by this bj-b
tea. Call or send tor ocr book, which contains a long lift of recent testimonials from P*"* 11 . 11
wbo rscelred this treatment years ago. The treatment Is guaranteed because It is unfailing Id
1Uwib1u - . reoposmoir. ' \
Too or some member of yoor family may bare a Rupture. Erery person desires to be made
•tn»f egaln, and I take It for granted that yon cjre enough for comfort snd assured safety
not to bo en exception. I bsve a POSITIVE CORE, and will guarantee it ln erery Rupture
that «an be reduced and held ln the body during tbeconrse of treatment.
I will make you a •quare business proposition— rU. : If you will call it bj Office I win
examine yoSfrie of <Lrge^Lletate the exact amount that it will cost y«ut« be cured. You
ti^lCT u wherein you promise to appear for tte.tment once ««ch
«-cik »•,/< »k.» *r£S7 «>« tZTuTmyrnm bank and obtain a "Certificate of Deposit" made payable
tbe pasf eleren years, and hundreds bare tceepted the abore offer and to .this date Ujere has
not been a staple ln.tance where the money eo deposited was Dot turned orer to. me within 00
dar8 I am a th?OrlrZt 0 or rf^CurTand Ure Instructed sereral hundred physician., who are now
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rewardjifmerTt
A. New Catarrh Curs Secures
National Popularity in Less
Than One Year.
Throughout a grr«at nation of eighty million
it is a desperate struggle to secure even a rec-
ognition for a new article, to say nothing of
achieving; popular favor, and yet within one
year Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, the new catarrh
cure, has met with such success that to-day it
can be found in every drug store throughout the
United States and Canada.
To be sure, a large amount or advertising was
necessary ln the first instance to bring the rem-
edy to the attention of the public, but every one
familiar with the subject knowa that advertis-
ing alone never made any article permanently
successful. It must have ln addition abso-
lute, undeniable merit, and this the new ca-
tarrh cure certainly possesses m a marked de-
gree.
Physicians, who formerly depended upon in-
halers, spraya and local washes or ointments,
now use Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, because, as
one or the most prominent stated, these tablets
contain ln pleasant, convenient form all the
really efficient catarrh remedies, such as red
gum, blood root and similar antiseptics
They contain no cocaine nor opiate, and are
Klven to little children with entire safety and
benefit.
Dr. J. J. Reltlger of Covington, Ky./mra- "I
Buffered from catarrh ln my nead and throat
every fall, with stoppage of the nose and Irrita-
tion ln the throat, affecting my voice and often
extending to -the stomach, causing catarrh of
the stomach. I ' bought a 60 cent nack&se nf
Btuarfs Catarrh Tablets at my druggUt*. car
ried them ln my pocket and used them faithful
ly. and the way in which they cleared my head
and throat was certainly remarkable. I had no
catarrh last winter and spring and consider my
self entirely free, from any catarrhal trouble "
Mrs. Jerome Ellison of Wheeling \v Va
writes: "I suffered from catarrh nearly mv
whole life, and last winter my two children
also suffered from catarrhal colds and iom
throat so much they were out of school a Iarire
portion of tbe winter. -' My brother, who was
.cured of catarrhal deafness by using Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets, urged m« to try them so much
that I did so and am truly thankful for what
thoy have done for myself and my children
I always keep a box of the tablets in the bouse
and at 'the first appearance of a cold or sore
throat we nip it in the bud and catarrh is no
longer a household affliction with us." •
Kull sised packages of 8tuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets are sold for 60 cents at all druggist*. ' .' ¦ ¦
Bend for book on cause and cure of catarrh
mailed free. -Address, F. A. Stuart Co.. Mar-
shall, Mich. j, ¦ : .- ,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ' :'-^':_^ :
• q , ¦ — — < m
! flany Good Things Left 1
! i Although otir remnant sale has been a phenomenal B
fe success, we have by no means sold all the remnants that I
have accumulated. Watch these ads every Sunday and you |
; will save from 30 to.50 per cent on your purchases. I
Remnants of German Eiderdown— V
|: This is the greatest v&Jue we have ever mentioned durinsr the remnant |;
K sale — over 506 short ends of manufacturers' samples from 3 to 10 yards |
(9 long— these come in plain blues, pinks, reds and cream — also in checks %
!and stripes, and is iust the thing for waists and wrappers Sc yard fj
Remnants of fc atin Pruntfla % Cloth—
In shades such as reseda, castor, old rose, new brown, helio. earnet,
pearl gray and ox-blood— a fine, firm fabric, with a rich satin finish— |
full 38 inches wide— in pieces of from 2 to 10 yards lonz— ha^ always gj
sold at 75c— any remnant in the lot «** c yard «|
! remnants of Black Pebble Cheviot— :j
I An extra heavy fabric for Eton suits or separate skirts— pure wool, 52 \
\ inches wide and guaranteed to be fast black— this is our great 85c grade j
I —we have about 50 short lengths from \ 1 /* to 6 yards long, which go on 3
! m the remnant tables to-morrow at "Oc yard ,.'
I i Remnants of Fancy '1 affeta Suitings— ;
: A fair assortment of solid shades — such as old rose, reseda, garnet,
jl new blue, etc.— also some pretty shaded .effects, in garnet and black. £j
sage and brown, helio and black, brown and blue. etc. — 38 inches wide fc
i —all wool and mohair — the kind we have been selling at 40c and 50c a V
I yard — now on the tables at 19c yard $
; f Remnants of Black Brod?oi'd A'paca— \
I I The famous Bradford make, the kind you have always considered a f t
¦ bargain at 50c — about 40 remnants from 2 to 10 yards lonsz eo on the £
' tables to-morrow — fullv warranted, fine, lustrous finish, a splendid dust- i
I I shaker— an elegant fabric for traveling suits, petticoats, etc.— 17 inches g
; w id e — on the remnant tables at 26c yard 't,
\ Remnants of Homespun' Cheviots— ;*
I » A fine, heavy quality for short skirts and outing suits and children's
dresses — 36 inches wide and such shades as light, medium and
j dark Oxford gray, cadet and navy blue, and also in a good fast black— I
i this is a regular 50c cloth— any remnant in the lot 23c yard jj
! 1 All of the above items on sale at Market-street store only.
i remnants of Lace Curtains— . i
j About IS styles, all slightly soiled— 3^2 yards long and plenty wide \
enough for bay windows — a fine, firm net and a curtain that always
I sold at $3 a pair — these are odds and ends, but an excellent style — per- I
j haps you will find something you want at £1.5O pair •
f Remnants of Blankets—
j An odd lot of blankets of high grade — pure California wool, full dou- \
I ble bed size — pink and blue borders — a fine, soft finish and our regular £
j i $5.00 grade — any blanket in the lot $3.35 pair )
j Remnants o'%?ah Curtains— v
Short ends of Irish Point sash curtains^ — in white, ivory or ecru — neat «
patterns — the kind that sold at 75c — the ends of these are slisrhtlv soiled jC
— however, can be washed— a big value while they last 33c pair
_^ ' S3
__-_^^ .-^-... MISCELLANEOUS.
»GooeQoeGeeo®oe9Goeeoeecedeeeaeooeeoeoe&aftoaeoQQG6Q8Qo@oeo®Qe®««oc
Take Mission-street car direct. Take YELLOW Kearny-street car direct. Take Fillmore-street car direct.
Take Valencia-street car (BLUE MARKET-STBEET CAR) direct to Sixteenth street and walk down one" block.
Take Howard-street car direct to Sixteenth street and walk up one block.
Be careful not to take any Market-street car but the "BLUE" Valencia-street car.
nflSW Qllfl FMO^ AT PATTOSSEN'S •
UlfiJy UllU LBlUU BIG FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING.
.^j. Guaranteed Construction. nilD PAQDET ncDADTMCMT
UUii uAnrt I Utr An I mtR I
A\^^'^^^^^^^^^^^«=^&sS^^^^^^ K IJow occupies over 1 5,000 square feet of floor spacs
tr^^ifc^^^S^^^^^^^^^^^^w ' and is ful1 of bargain's in all possible styles and va-
X^^^WfillSl^PW^^ rietieS - You ' lllike our Patterns, too.
t^<^A^-f^i^.i^^}'MM^i i m£\^fA Snuford's Brussels c c ar- Readv-made caruet Rusrs.
$ ¦ . %j.}$f Pets, pr-r yard, 70c, Re r in velvets, Brussels and Ax -
\ : ; :;.i;-itil^g^g^ffp^iTminT^ °° c r • • J JU mJnsters-«x9. $10.25 J # 75
Mf9 "^Sir pVrV^d 1 in * rains -65c 8.3XI1X. .'.'.". $2l'.5o"."n6.5O. $14.25
Ma"*"^ '*3ai __ „ „, •¦"' Sanford's'Bras- vs'i 7^
CIO 7£ THIS week we offer some extraordi- Sfnt^JAS.*. 1 .*: .45c sels Russ ' 9 f 2 " * **
• Wl I W ana r\irior r-urniture. . ingrains, per yard -JVC 1O6 'j 14 75 ; 6x9.... 'J»v..£J
tr fee£S?e7taBs framc of eoHd Wilton velvet car- Noveltv Art. Ruffs-9xi2,
iVrtvte velvlt oak ' w "h <*aw SV yard. B». 95c J6.TO; 9x9. $5.&>; $4 J$
velours, S rows feet. The whole U.2o.. 9x6Vi for ....-"
deep tuftins. structure Is some- ?o matter what you need, we've feot it— and ot lowest prices.
Tne springs (It «s th i n - _„* _» «.,„ " '
full of them) are ™,^,°,T * J ' "¦ "~~ ~^~>^>-~^ -~-
of the be«t steel ordinary and de-
and wired to- cldedly a bargain ro'id Oak Hiiih Cfl 7C IT IS SOLID OAK.
w „ geth "- n „ at this figure MUh Sntaf Sll. 10
We have an immense floor devoted entirely to Couches and . s^£*g&>—\
Parlor Furniture iS^L__ • f^P**!!!!
-w-s^- Mgx^bgdvl&S^i able dress- %}
SOLID OAK, HARD POLISH FINISH. oak ftnfsh" '/} SI
markably low price) 1 Lji^jj^^^^S^ dresser '¦
fully finished in grold- j !^^^^|(^^^1 fc'eabTe" V^^*' 5 *^^^**^ \
the substantial less fitted solidly. ' "^ " * ' V special price.
This gives you some Idea of what we can ' do in all l — *-*"*- — ' — I 1 — ; — ' — ' — Jr —^^~ — "" —
!^ZJZZ?l^^ A GOOD STOVE FOR THE M2NEY,
isS*t*? > -»s^ C|O PftPattosien's ,
i^j^- i\ v i/,nu special price £i^32§l~8P^
r-^i '— ¦ .- — §_s\_ M „ IfiilWU for this solid -sSgi^iS^lgS^^Satoi
— " TV —^~-^^5>.- 11 OO for 515.50 oak high y~"; — ;~" '- ' ¦ 11 '
* )? lllUU Morris chairs. polign fin ish bookcase
Hioyc for $18.00 and writing desk, neat- \ -_JS PS ISIMSM
1O» lO Morris chairs. ly shaped and carved— / «%ifliga^§fl
• as stylish as it Is use- ) \p"^^tPS@j I^e^Ti ' ¦ ffi
m| OJcV/U Davenport sofas. ugabIe wriling spac9 C
! 4-S OH 'or $56.00 17 *f ln -'« c fl om P, ar M <T^P" * \k
Davenport sofas, ments properly finished; ) V jj
1O "7*^ for $24.00 board: adjustable ]
1S.7& Davenport sofas. nelves; &0 £ a glas3 ln I $23.00£J5T r £?»,&?
7 7n[ for $13.00 . °5' , „ -.__,. Vo ,. ( stove— €-hole range, fine oven, top
, ' (•(D Morris chairs. 2}Z %% „!?&«£: ) cemented; oven door tin lined.
'— ' fSJV'rf Ut_J?«« fl w ) "kicker" beside it. nickel plated
••&> 1 CkCZ for $8.00 I^fi/ mad °- als0 bar - ( oven shelf, solid hearth, and It is
- • : , J, "^ l««7O rockers. gains. \ fully guaranteed.
FuU Upholstered, 9.7S f^,* 4 - 25 " ~ ' '
SSfgaafSSa.!^ ™ «« sole Pacific Co "* ***** *» ™~
bolstered in velour or TXTBY Stoves and Ranges,
tapestry S2.75
New Century
Se Trice K^^^^k ' £& R\^\ R fl II P[ R
S1.00 5145 ffl. f .A \ J this strong VlUUI UUIIgUi
1.50 2.10 t5J**~^S55?i^3 and graceful Alvn -^ _ rDp . T
S.5O 3.^5 ' p^K ¦_.-*— ~^rr¥V^ - v frame Is % Al>U IrO llKCA 1 •
4.5O 6.25 i jf^H^ J n ,Cfe. inCheS • ,. inxj.
i 2.-I.0O 20.00 The Best the World Produces, $125.00. S^ '
; A WONDERFUL BARGAIN. Resplendent with ff^^^^St^K 8
Wi O *^~ + ?^ J S asbestos lined
/S el struction throughout. Has high
fc3 and careful warming closet; pot shelves; duplex grate that draws out in-
sr -* ." " mush. dependently; extra large one-piece steel oven with ventilation
A round top table, legs 4 inches thick, specially on inside; balance drop oven door that can hold up a man"s
well braced, newest pattern turning:. weight.
Built throughout handsomest grained oak, golden The 6 holes are fitted with key plates that are guaranteed
finish. IN FACT. A GUARANTY BOND that means business goes
Absolutely unequaled in San Francisco for the with every one of these SUPERB RANGES C31X tili
money. .., CPvJJ.UU
Cor. Sixteenth and Mission Streets.
MaaaaaaostfieaiaMiBBAAAA«AaatattitttaAtatBAAMAAiAAAiM««AAM* A «,
g^^P stock, talcing'
jwra^Mj -^ This is the wind-up o f our stock-taking sale
\u.fj J of fine furs, consequently still further reduo
y^aA/4( ' tions have been made^ — no garment has been
//\s?)\ reduced less than 20 per cent, and some as
U much as 50 per cent.
The sale positively closes next Saturday
night. Read the list of items carefully. Mail
I Dur great $00 22-inch electric seal Jackets— reduced to.....,..$24,25
9 Electric seal jackets, with nutria collar and reveres— regular
1 $45— reduced to S32.0O
P Nenr seal jackets, 22 inches long— regular $43— reduced to S,"t4..">()
I Near seal jackets, 24 Inches long— regular $50— reduced to S3S.5O !
1 Near seal jackets, with chinchilla collar and reveres — regular
1 ?75— reduced to 852>CO
I CAPES.
a $22.50 electric seal capes, with Persian yoke and two heads
H and" four tails. 14 inches deep— reduced to J*1R.2?»
i Regular $23. 16 Inches deep — reduced to. {^1 f>.7T»
| Regular S27.D0, 13 inches deep— reduced to.... SUl.li.%
H Regular $30.00, 20 Inches deep— reduced to 8iJ2.75 '.
I Regular $18 electric seal capes, with Astrakhan yoke, two
I heads and four tails— 14 Inches deep— reduced to.... 913.RO
B Regular $20. 16 inches— reduced to t 814.75
a Regular $22. 18 inches— reduced to .....SlfS.iR
| Regular ?24, 20 Inches— reduced to 817. 7!>
I CULLAKCl 1 Do. i
E $6.50 electric seal and bear collarette— reduced to S4.RO
B $9 river mink collarette— reduced to JSft.oO
H $12.50 electric seal and nutria collarette— reduced to..... SJhOO
¦ $20 mink collar and reveres— reduced to §11!. 50
1 Electric seal horseshoe scarfs— regular $2.60— now. SI. SO
3 River mink scarfs— regular $2.23— now »l.r»O
Bl Stone marten opossum horseshoe scarfs— regular $3— now $2.00 I
|| Sable opossum horseshoe scarfs— regular $4— now 82.75 ;
i I Stone marten opossum horseshoe scarfs — regular $4.50 — now... jici.oo ' t
• El River mink horseshoe scarfs — resular $3 — now JSIt.oO
Sable fox scarfs — regular $7— now K5.OO
Blue wolf scarfs— regular $0— now ; §G«25
I 1 [The I Arrest exclusive fur house \r\ tKe wdrld. jOAKLAND BACETRACK— Saturday, Jan. 25.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
8197. FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; selling: maiden three-year-olds; to first, $325.
I : '. : ~ 1 T~ I Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. , Owner and Jockey.' j Op. Cl.
8174* Chandoo .". 122 5 75 3 22% In T. H. StevensTTo'Connor "~0-2 C
3101 Dwight Way ....110 S 21 1.1 In 24 W. p.- McSherry. Troxier 5 S
.... Breton 122 C 4h 5^4232 Chlnn & Forsythe.Conley 9-2: 5
3179 Annie Max 117 9 5h 41 3 h 4 1 P. Sheridan. ... .Jackson 5 8
3174 John H. Corr 119-1 «1 « 1 62 5 1 Mrs. Tu'oerville. .Mounce 10 25
31SS The Maniac 110 7 9 8 8 2 7 2 «2 * John Kane .....Prior- 12 10
3120 Baltest 119 3 lh 2 (4 5 1 75 B. Schreibtr Bu'.'.man 5 3
3188 Sir Claus 119 4 3 1 7% 8 10 8 10 A. B. Spreck«ls.J Woods 8 »
3188 Angreleno 122 10 10 92 92 9 2 Baldwin & Co. . .Ransom 20 CO;
29.38 Major Bird 122 2 S 1 10 10 10 W v..g:_ c .?tton Hoar 10 20
Time — '/I. :25; M:, :43; %, 1:04 VS. Fair start. Won first three driving? Winner, T. H.
Stevens' b. c. by Wadsworth -Miss Rica. Winner liked, the going and stood a hard- drive.
Annie Max away poorly, spoiling her chance. John H. Carr showed some improvement.
Balteet gave it up. Angeleno no account. Scratched — Knockings '117. Tibs, 117. .
3198. SECOND RACE — 1% miles; Hurdle handicap; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
V" ¦• . ¦-.-• ¦ - Bettlnsf*'
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. Std. %. Str. Fin. , Owner "and Jockey. . Op. Cl.
3160 Duke York II, a.. 148 5 2 10 1 10 1 50 1 50 I. Morehouse. .'. . .Mattier (i-5 4-5
3006 Mazo, 6 130 3 1 */4 2 20 2 CO 2 1C0 A. G Blakely.. . ..Peters ' 2 5-2
3090 Solano, a 12S 2 3 4 3 15 3 '20 3 10 G. Lapham. . . . ..Higglns 4 10
3047 Spry Lark, a 130 4 4 4 4 4 W. Qulnn. ...... ..Brodle 8 30
316S Loyal S, 4 127 1 -» ... ... V. Gilbert. Harrison 6 7
Time — 2:48. Good start. Won pulling up. Second and third driving. Winner, I. More
house's ch. pr. by Duke of Norfolk-Carmen. "Winner pounds the best. Mazo of little ac
count. Scratched — Flashlight 135. 'Fell.
S199. THIRD RACE — Four furlongs; two-year-olds; to first, $325.
1 ¦¦ ' I '. I Betting."
Index|Horse and Weight.|St. 14. %• Str. Fin. J Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(31S1) Sylvia Talbot 115 C ... 2 115 1 n 1 1 B. Schreiber -O'Connor 3-10 3-10
(3187) Adirondack 11!> 1 ... 1 1 2 3 2 3 Burns & Wat rhs. Bullman 3 7-2
3187 Dotterel 107 3 .... 3 10 3 10 3 6 T. H. Stevens.... Jackson 15 20
3100 High Chancellor... 110 4 ... 4 2 4 5 4 10 Chlnn & Forsythe.Conley 10 ,30
Prestolus 115 5 ... 6 5 5 5 10 Jennings & Co..J Daly 10 25
SlfiO llrlsh Lassie 107 2 ... 5 2 6' 0 iFrank Daroux. . Hoarl 40 CO
Time — V4. :25%; Vi. :31. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, B.
Schreiber's ch. f. by Balgowan- Parolee. Syl-vla perfectly ridden and much the best. Adir
ondack ran gamely as usual. Prestolus will improve.
iiHOn. FOURTH RACE— One mile; Lissak Handicap; three-year-olds and up; to first, $1200.
I ~j Betting.
Index-Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vi. %• Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. • Op. Cl.
'"12."} Ecnic, 4 02 2 2h 4h 21 lh Caesar Toung. . .Jackson 8 4
Sl«fl Uanice, 4 108 6 6 2 1 112 6 G. B. Morris. .O'Connor 3 0
(WO) 'Muresca, 3 88 112 1 1% 3 S 3 4 C. LInd Winslette 10 25
<;ilSO)|Diderot. 4... S8 4 4 2 3 »4 4 5 4 0 j. p. A tkln Redfern • 2 11-5
CnS'OICorrlgan. 3 107 5 3h 5 2 5 12 5 15 Burns & Waterhs..Haneh 5-2 11-5
(:tn. f OlThe Pride. 6 118 3 5 n 0 6 0 |T. H. Ryan J. Woods 8 25
Tlm»— V*. :2lH4: K. :5.1; %, 1:18%: mile. l-.l','/,. Goort start. Won first three driving.
Winner. Caesar Young's ch. m. by Eon-Mermaid. Janice best and should have won.
Jackson saved ground by slipping up on rail with winner. Muresca quit. Corrigcn looked
beaten with half the distance covered. Redfern too'llsrht to handle Diderot. The Pride
never a factor. Scratched — The Fretter 106, Halmctta SO.
3201. FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index|Hors°. Age. Weight.Jst. >£. . %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op? "ci.
31RC. Berendos, 4 113 C 42 1 1% 1 1 11 Liberty Stable... McGinn! 4^ ~~5
2o.-9 IScr'nwll Lake, 4.. 101 5 3h 4 2 3 2 24 T. Fox .Jaclcson 4 18-6
:U 7:! I Marineuse. 4 113 2 21 3 2 2h 3h J. Conway Bullman 5-2 11-5
.".173 jEMred. 4 Ill 4 1 1V4 2 4 1 4 1 Ashton & Harris.. .Hoar 3 9-2
:USft Intrada, 4 105 8 I» 20 7 5 5 V6 R n K. I. Wheeler See 20 75
SSiCS ICasdale. 6 117 3 « 1 0 2 <i 2 6 3 Hamilton & Co.. .Troxier 10 20
31(17 IJohn Welch, 5.. ..117 0 8 1 On 7 10 7 20 W. H. Lynch Mounce C 8
:!Hi7 Olarello, 0 115 7 7 Vt 8 2 8 10 8 10 John Kane ..Prior CO 100
2O.",3 Scintillate, a 100 1 5 % 0 20 9 25 It 25 Mrs. Grosshelm..O-Conn 8 12
30S3 |Koenlg, a 117 10 10 10 10 10 a; Geneveln Vlckery 8 20
Time— U. :25Vi: V?. :- r >2; 5>Af. 1:11. Good start. Won easily. Second ana third driving.
Winner. Liberty Stable's b. s. by Friar Tuck-Snowblossom. • Winner beat. Screenweli
Lake, lieavlly played, ran a nice race. Marineuse quit. Too much weight on Kldfed
Koenig left. Scratched — Go Out 110, Ptey del San Juan 117. -
3202. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, ?025.
Index'Horse. Aga. Weight. St, %. %• ¦ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op 6 Cl.
3186 IMarcato, a...' 100 3 3 Vi 3 Vi 2 % Ins Burns & Waterhs..Bullm 2 ~3
<:«71) Xellie Forest, 4... 1O4 7 6% 4 1 ,1 h 2.4 Magrane & Co..Re<irern 3 5-2
:il»5 JMcrops, C 109 9 7 2 6 2 . 3'1 3 1 F. D. Weir.... Ho'ar 8 lrt
30757Coupln Carrie. 4.. 104 1-22 22 ±4 241 G. Burger.... Fauntleroy 4 - 4
2974 Olarando. 0 101 4 4 2 5,-1/ .'5 1 . 5 1 K. M. Borchert.. Ransom 15 20
3075 iBen Ledl. C 107 5 5% fl'-Tl 6 1 G.W. Scott... Winslette 8 -10
3100 iMcnda. 6 10") B 8 2 8 IP , 8 SO 7 1 W. P. Fine. ... ......See 15 30
3175 [Sea Lion, a 105 2 14 15 6 1 8 50 Caesar Young. . .Jackson 3 4
:tlia |Remora. 4 fi!) 8 9 9 9 9 Mallowmot S. F..McGlnn 15 100
Time— 14, :26; Vs. :51V4; 94,'l:isy». Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner Burns
& Waterhouse's br. g. by Duke of Montrose-Mlnnehaha; Belle. Nellie Forest •> should have
won. Redforn lost lot of ground through stretch. Merops . liked the going and ran a.
swell race after getting away poorly. Carrie quit. Ben Ledl no speed.' Sea Lion quit in
the stretch. Scratched— Edlnborough 112, Fine Shot 109. • . . /
Second race, three and a half furlongs —
Frank Rice wen, Computation second; Dark
Planet third. Time, A.i.
Third race, selling, one mile and a half —
Major Manslr won. Campus second; Admetus
third. Time. 2:.'t7.
Fourth race. Cotton selling stakes, seven
SAX JOSE, Jan. 25.— The California Cured
Fruit Association to-day declared the first divi
dend on the 1901 crop, by which about $60,000
will be distributed to the growers' members.
Special stake, first round — T. Jones' Harlean
Gladys beat Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face. 5-3-
George Nethercott's Freda C beat Chlarini
Bros.' White Hat, 12-1: O. Zahl's Homer Boy
beat C. W. Bonar'B Wild Norah, 10-6: J.
Shea's Shadow beat George Sharman's Firm
Fellow, 5-4; J. L. Ross' Mayflower beat A.
Vanderwhite'e Lear King. 3-0; Georg-e Shar
man's Little Sister beat J. Markland's The
Grafter, 4-0; E. Geary's Ireland beat A. R.
Curtis' Kibosh, 7-5; Pasha Kennels' Royal
Archer beat Chiarlnl Bros.' Dewdrop. 4-0; P.
Doyle's Liberator beat Chiarini Bros.' Tame
Tralee, 11-10; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud
beat E. Geary's Fannie Hughie, 0-4; e.
Geary's America beat Sterl & Knowles' Olita
10-4 r T. J. Cronin's Traiee Boy beat D. J.
Healy"B TIburon, 8-1: A. R. Curtis' Vulcan
beat J. It. Ross' Fontenoy, 5-1; H. Lynch' 6
A. J. Martin beatoD. Walsh's Sacramento Boy.
18-8: A. R. Curtis' Narcissus beat J. Dowllng's
Sir Lawrence, S-l: A. R. Curtis' Charta beat
G«org« Nethercott'a Hickory Dick, 4-2; Aeneld
Kennels' Fine Fire beat J. C. Ross' Game
Boy, 7-6; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells beat A
R. Curtis' Anchor, 9-7; B. Sllva's Master
Rocket beat J. Cane's Greenhall, tf-3; Pasha
Kennels' Rocker beat T. J. Cronin's Vandal.
14-5; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat Chiarini
Bros.' Santonin. 6-4; A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad
beat D. J. Healey*s Tapioca, 7-4; H. H. Gray's
Rona beat Sterl & Knoyles" Freeze Out, 5-0;
Pasha Kennels' Real Article beat H. Lynch's
Lilac, 14-6; J. Carroll's Master Clair beat E.
Geary's Fenll, 7-3; Aeneid Kennels' Aeolus beat
E. Geary's Ruby Sankey, 8-6.
Likely winners in the special event arc:
Freda C. Homer Boy, Little Sister. Ire
land, Silver Cloud, Tralee Boy, A. J. Mar
tin. Narcissus, Charta, Rocker, Bonnie
Pasha, Rona and Aeolus.
Homer Boy and Charta are first choice
at 5 to 1. Ldttle Sister, Tralee Boy arul
Ireland at 6, Narcissus and A. J. Martin
at 6. Rona and Aeolus at 10. Rona's
clever defeat of Freeze Out places her a
good outside chance.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first round — Joe Trades' Belle
Rocket beat J. Hurley's O K Capitol, 23-U;
J. Quinn's Royal Tick beat H. Lynch's Mel
rose Lad. 3-0; George Eharman's Sir Pasha
be»t V. G. Frantz'8 Dorothy M, 6-3; T. Coie
xnaa's Cotton Ball beat S. A. Smith's Shaug
raun. 4-0: J. Hurley'6 Gramercy beat 1).
Roche's All Green. 10-2; D. N. Whiteside's
Flower Friend beat C. G lock's Alarm-da Lad,
3-2: Chlarfni Brothers' Sexnpronius beat T.
Jolley"8 Toronto, 1O-8; P. J. Relllr's Royal
Union beat O. "Zahl's O'Hara, 6-2; V. 3.
Reilly's Honesty, a bye; P. M. Clarkscn's
£ofala beat L. M. Connell's Black Coon. 7-i ;
\V. C de B. Lopez's Pepita beat W. C.
Badger's Alert, lti-ti: Joe Shea's Slim beat H.
Perlgo'B Lady Davenport. 4-3: L. S. Barre's
Boodle Boy beat Kelley & Hanky's Fearful
6hlp, 6-2; J. L. Ross' Herschel's Pride biat
W. C. GlasEcn's Lady Sears, 10-4; B. Sender
eon's Comique beat W. Hood's Dolly Gray,
J6-5; W. Cairns' Imperial beat F. Rodgers'
Arbccus. 6-0; S. A. Smith's Injury beat Jcseph
Connolly's Xew Moon. 8-5; Pasha Kennels"
Klch An?osy beat H. Schaffer's Fair Glen. 2-O;
H. Lynch's Clarice beat Pasha Kennels' Rus
tic Arbor. 6-4; P. Mullarkey's Mamie Pleas
ant beat P. Steinhofl"» Veto. 6-2; D. 'Wlek
and's Floranthe beat C. dock's Lord Free
dom. 28-7; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brnmmtl
beat F. Rodgers' Glaucus. 13-5; J. Hurley's
Living Picture beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 8-8;
Pasha. Kennels' Keel Aristocrat beat D.
Erskine's Lavender, 32-0; E. Geary's Roy
Hughte beat L. C. Hcman's Annie Cole
man, 18-7; H. Lynch's Black Bart
beat James Connelly's Cosey. 5-1: George
Graham' 8 Lady Newark beat Pasha Ken
nels' Lawrence. 18-1: A. McLeod's Royal
Friend beat A. Bonadch'i Lily H, 15-0;
J. Carroll's Auckland beat Kelley & Hawley*s
Preclta Maid, 17-9; W. Cairns' Gold Ore beat
Pasha Kennels' Roving Arab, 8-3; M. Koh
lander's Master Whalen beat E. Geary's Fair
Oaks, 12-6; L. M. Connell's St. Helen beat T.
Mater's Bad Boy. 2-O.
Winners In the open stake look to be:
Royal Tick, Sir Pasha. Gramercy. Royal
Union, Honesty, Pepita, Herschel's Pride,
Imperial, Rich Argosy, iiamie Pleasant,
Miss Bruramel, Living Picture, Real
Aristocrat, Black Bart, Royal Friend,
Auckland and Si. Helen.
Master Whalen was the best investment
made by the pikers, his win against Fair
Oaks, al to 5 choice, being a costly sur
prise to the wise ones. Kloranthe beat
Lord Freedom and Injury beat New Moon
at 1 to 3 in the open stake. In the special
event the best were Shadow's defeat of
Firm Fellow and Jingle Bells' win against
Anchor at the tame price.
While the talent figured well In the
day's events, several of the high priced
favorites were beaten out, some twenty
short ends being recorded.
The special stake brought out a course
that will go on record as one of the Dest
of the season. In the trial between A. J.
Hartln and Sacramento Boy the specta
tors were treated to as fine a contest as
has been seen on a coursing field. Slipped
to a hare of unusual speed, the hounds
were forced to show their best work.
Sacramento Boy took the lead and cams
In for a turn or two. The younger grey
hound took possession and by the clever
est of work pressed the hare closely and
ran up a good score. Both dogs were well
backed at comparatively even money, and
during the exciting trial kept their back
ers enthused by their interesting working
of the hare. Though Sacramento Boy dis
played unusual cleverness, his young op
ponent outpointed him and won the
course. Many of the followers of the game
declared the trial the best exhibition seen
on the grounds since the memorable one
in which yesterday's loser beat the great
Beacon in the deciding course of the John
Urace challenge cup.
The hares liberated in the rundown of
the two stakes at Union Coursing Park
yesterday did not show any ill effects
from the cold weather. Throughout the
day the greyhounds were kept busy -In
ending their trials.
A. J. Martin Beats Sacramento
Boy in Sensational
Course.
Talent Picks Zahl's Dog
to Win the Special
Event.
FAST HOMER BOY
IS THE CHOICE
The anniversary of the conversion of
St. Paul will be celebrated with great so
lemnity at St. Mary's Church this morn-
Ing. The Paulist Fathers will do rever
ence to the memory of their patron saint
lit special services. Archbishop Riordan
and a large number of the city's priests
will be present to assist m the ceremo
nies. Rev. Father Harvey of St. Patrick's
Seminary will deliver the morning ser
mon. Special music will be a feature of
the observance.
Special Services at St. Mary's.
President. Mrs. C. Coliender; vice president,
Mrs. M. Humphrey: recording- secretary, , Mrs.
M. Coleman: financial secretary, Mrs. M. J
Grasses; corresponding secretary. - Mrs. . Van
Alstlne; treasurer, Mrs. F. F. White; board of
directors — Mrs." L. Jackson, Mrs. Johnson, Mrs
V. Alstine, M. Washington. L. Tylor. Mrs. J.
Grarses, C. Fields. C. Levy, B. Delaney, C.
Callendai, I. Shorey, M. Coleman, E. Jones,
O. . Goldstone, C. Cashen, F. F. White. E
Amos, H. Reno and Miss Bogy. '
. ¦ . . »¦ ... - - - * , ¦ ¦ ¦ t . . t .. ,
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— The directors of
the Home for Aged and Infirm Colored
People have chosen the f ollowingr officers
for the ensuing year: . , -
Will Care for Infirm and Aged.
The double- team bowling contests of
the San Francisco Bowling Association,
announced to take place on the Coronado
alleys to-morrow eveningr," have been
postponed and, notices sent by Secretary
Lee to all the players. The alleys are to
be repaired and put in first-class order.
The same teams will roll their schedule
games for the 27th Inst. on Monday even
ing. February 3. To-morrow evening the
Echo five-men team plays the National
team on the Central . alleys.
Bowling Contests Postponed.
At the annual meeting of the San Fran
c'sco Kennel Club the following officers
were elected for the ensuing, year: A. B.
Sprcckels, president; J. E. de Ruyter,
first vice president: E. Courtney Ford,
second vice president; N. H. Hlckman,
secretary-treasurer; Charles K. Harley,
director. The board of directors will con
stitute the bench show .committee. Xn
effort will be made to have the show in
April Instead of May this year. The mat
ter of having the show extend over but
two days instead of the customary four
is also under discussion.
Kennel Club Officers.
The Yosemite Club officials have not
abandoned hope of bringing Jeffries and
some other crack of the heavyweight di
vision together in this city next month.
Mr. Corbett will have a conference to
day with Billy Delaney, representing the
champion, and some decision will un
doubtedly be- reached. r
Harry Corbett leaves to-morrow morn
ine for Bakersfield to witness the fight
between Herrera and Hegarty, the Aus
tralian. Mr. Corbett will chaperon a
party, including Jack Welch, who will
referee the fight; Tom James, Colonel
Brady and others.
Sporting Men Going: Soutli.
In the second half of the home-and
home golf tournament between the ladies'
annexes of the San Francisco and Oak
land golf clubs, played yesterday morn
ing on* the Presidio links, the city team
scored 9 up. As the Adams • Point rep
resentatives were already 10 up the match
was decided in favor of Oakland, 1 up.
The visiting team was composed of the
same eight players as on Saturday, the
18th Inst., though the last three did not
play in. the same order. In the first half
of the match on the Adams Point liuks
the San Francisco team was one player
short, but yesterday the Presidio annex
had a full team. Mrs. Brown won a de
cided victory from Mrs. H. H. Sherwood,
being 9 up. Mrs. Laurance T. Scott worr,
5 up. from Miss M. Deane and Miss Alice
C. Hoffman beat Mrs. W. P. Johnson. 4
up. Miss Alice Hager was 1 up against
Miss Hooper and Miss McBean tied with
Miss Alice Knowles. For the Oakland
team the winners were Mrs. L. G. C. Tib-
Home -and -Home Con
test Won by Nar
rowest Margin.
betts, Mrs. P. E. Bowles and Miss Jacque
line Moore. The total score for Oakland
on the two days' play was 20 up and for
San Francisco 19 up. 1
The Presidio course is in almost perfect
condition, the turf being springy and
strong. A stiff north wind blew over the
links, but did not deter a large number
of ladies from following the contestants
. around the course. After the : match
nearly forty ladles lunched in the club
house. The victory of the visitors was
largely due to MiS3 Moore's defeat of
Miss Drum, 5 up, as. until her score was
turned In. the San Francisco team had a
lead of 14 on the day's play and of 4 on
the whole match. -The fwll details are
shown in the table:
Oakland Golf Club— San Francisco Golf
Up. Club — Up.
Mrs. H. H.Sherwood. 0 Mrs. R. G. Brown... 0
Miss Hooper. 0 Miss Alice Hager 1
Mrs. Le G. C. Tib- Misa Florence Ives.. 0
betts 3 Miss A. C. Hoffman. 4
Mrs. "W. P. Johnson.. C Mrs. L. T. Scott 5
Miss M. Deane 0 Miss B. Dolbeer 0
Mrs. P. E. Bowles... 2 Mirs Kdith McBean.. •
M!ps Alice Knowles.. • Miss S. Drum....... 0
Miss J. Moore..*. 5 s ¦ —
— .10
10
Up on first day's
play 10
SO
•All square.
Though the wind blew strongly- and
bitterly In the afternoon Leonard Chen
ery, "Worthlrigton Ames. L. O. Kelloger,
S. L. Abbot Jr.. Warren Gregory, W. E.
Lester, L. B. Edwards and others were
out for practice.
OAKLAND GIRLS
GAIN GOLF CUP
Sevoy "Wins the Cotton Stakes.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 25.— Crescent City
summary :
First race, selling, one mile — Ecome won.
Sir Florian second. Garter Ban third. Time,
1:41%.
Twenty-seven richly bred broodmares
from Palo Alto Stock Farm will be sold
at Occidental HorSe Exchange Thursday.
January 30.
"Plunger" Lewis put In another tem
pestuous day at the track, losing good bets
on Corrigan, Marineuse and Nellie Forest.
Henry Spencer, who is no longer under
contract to the Burns & Waterhouse sta
ble, will leave for New York next Wed
nesday. Later he will croes the water. to
do the heavy-weight riding in England
for the Keenes, his old employers.
Eddie Jones will not start for Austria
before the latter part of February.
Track Notes.
Marcato received a nose decision over
Nellie Forest in the concluding race* of
the day. The old horse stood a long drive
and Bullman snatched the verdict by the
scantest of margins. The winner opened
favorite, but when a plunge was made
'on Nellie Forest his odds went back to 3.
Away poorly, Merops ran a good third.
"Plunger" Lewis unloaded quite a
chunk of coin on Marineuse to win the
fifth event, and the gelding ended up <n
third place, backed down to 11 to 5 favor
itism. McGinn rushed Berendos. a 5 to 1
shot, to the front soon after the start
and, stalling off the challenge of Screen
well Lake, crossed the line winner by a
length. It was the latter mare's first
start this season. Had the distance been
greater, she might have outstayed Beren
dos.
Barney Schreiber's fast fllly Sylvia Tal
bot scored her third successive victory in
the half-mile dash. A 3 to 10 favorite.
O'Connor, who had the mount, passed
Adirondack turning into the stretch and
from there on the favorite won as she
pleased. Dotterel finished a fair third be
hind Adirondack.
had Its effect on the attendance,
which fell below the customary Saturday
gathering. The Lissak handicap for
three-year-olds and upward, at a mile,
was the special fixture, and was decided
over a heavy track. Only six answered
post call and when it looked as If Winnie
O'Connor on Janice had* the $1500 prize
won. Lee Jackson astride the 92-pounder
Eonlc stole along on the rail, getting a
short head decision from the Morris
mare. The result furnished quite a sur
prise, as the major portion of the crowd
expected to see Corrlgan and Diderot,
which closed equal favorites, fighting It
out at the wire. Corrigan looked beaten
before a third of the journey had bo«iii
tramped, while Diderot never looked dan
gerous. Muresca, a 25 to 1 shot, led until
within a furlong of the stand, when Jan
ice passed the tiring .brown filly. It looked
all over but the announcing, when Jack
son down in the muddy looting began
gliding along. O'Connor on Janice drew
his whip seventy yards from the wire,
and the mare swerving oadly toward the
Inside lost by a head. Muresca lasted lony
enough to secure show honors.
Most of the fields nad an open look, and
none of the favorites were quoted at ex
tremely short odds. This was perhaps
fortunate, as Duke of York and Sylvia
Talbot were the only choices to land.
Chandoo. a Wadsworth colt from tha
stable of T. H. Stevens, took the opening
live-furlong scramble at odds of 6 to 1.
Dwight Way looked a winner to within a
short piece of the wire, where O'Connor
got his mount up, and outriding Troxier,
won by a head. Baltest, the favorite, ran
unplaced. -^
There was practically no contest what>
ever in the mile and three furlong hurdle
event. Duke of York, carrying 14S pounds
and a pronounced favorite, early assumed
the lead, beating Mazo, the second choice,
nearly fifty lengths. The winner was rid
den by Mattier. Solano finished a poor
third.
THE frigid northern visitor that
swept over the course at Oakland
yesterday, keeping everybody
muffled up and Bhlvering, plainly
Four Favorites Are Beaten at 0akland==="Plunger"
; Lewis Plays Out of Luck;
LISSAK STAKE IS WON BY EONIC
IN CLOSE FINISH WITH JANICE
The. cold wind sweeping over th6 courts
yesterday afternoon kept some of the
cracks j away, but :a number of good
matches were played. The best match
was a four, in which George Whitney and
Granr Smlth^won from Robert Whitney
?-?£ Harold Crowell. The score was 3-6,
¦ 10-8, • 6-4. - ¦' -..:¦'• • • ;. ••.,--•
¦ Other matches played resulted as fol-
I o^ii J \£- MacGavin beat* Warner Stauf
6-2, ; *-3.'Jf>:J3eorge Whitney beat Grant
Smith. 6-2; W. B. Collier beat Dr. Pnilin
6-3. j4-3r James; MacKenzIe and Jack Gib
son, tied, 6-3, 8-10; Sidney, Salisbury beat
H.'Punnett. 6-2, 6-3. 6-5; I* E Wood beat
R-iG,- Wood • 6-4, 6 :4,- 6-3; GibsoHfat L
£/.\^rOOd, 6-2.^- * ¦. .
.A.: handicap doubles tournament for the
Davis ;. enps r will - be • played on . the Cali
fornia Club courts to-day. • ¦ . *
6 — 0;-A; Beyfuss beat K. Maryenskl. 7 — 6; O.
Blankenbure woo from R. Pike by default: F.
Bovard.,beat B. Wallace, 6 — t.' First round —
H.: Brown beat J. Speyer, 6 — 4; H. Browne
beat *H.-, Buggies, 8—6; C. Gardner beat L.
Gunst, 6— 3; Beyfuss beat Levy, 6—3; Blanken
burg- beat Bovard, . 7—5; A. Ames beat S.
Smith. 6—0; M. Sells won from Kobbe by de
fault; J.Cassel beat N.' Eisner, 6—4. Second
round— Brown beat Browne, « — 2: Gardner beat
Beyfuss,, 6 — 3; Ames 'beat Blankenburff, 7—5;
Cassel beat Sell*, - 6—1. • Semi-final . round-
Gardner beat Brown, 0—1; Cassel beat Ames,
6—3. ;; Final round — Gardner beat Caasel, 6 — 0.
SAN.. JOSE, Jan. 25.— The Garden City
and lEagle bowling teams of this city
defeated the first and second teams of
the Echo Bowling Club of San Francisco
in a. tournament here this evening.- The
scores follow: First game— Garden City
846, Echo 753. Second gam^— Garden City
770, 1 Echo 797. " Third game — Garden City
810, Echo 799. Eagles 716, Echo No.. 2 674;
811 to. 599; 779; to 624.
San Jose Bowling Tournament.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— L. Osborne, at the Pabst;
W. Green, at the Gerard; D. D. Moses,
at . the * Broadway Central; A., Carroll, at
the Grand | Union; the Misses Dernham,
A. Demham and wife, at the Savoy; S.
K. Moses, at the Herald Square; R. J.
Smith and wife, at the Raleigh.
Los ' Angeles— A. Brownstein and D. J.
Brownstein, at the Herald Square.
Calif ornians in New York.
Telephone Employes Banquet.
The Pacific States Telephone and Tele-
grapa Company gave a banquet at tho
California Hotel last evening to the un
derground cablemen, instrument assem
blers and branch office "trouble men."
Thomas Trebell presided and songs and
speeches were made by J. F. Adams, J.
Curtin. Frank Lamb, Robert Attwood.
Harry Renton, George Clayton, George
Manning, N. T. Jones, George Van
Buren, J. Blckley. Neil Prendergrast.
Frank McNally, Frank Foy and N. Pren
dergrast.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— Notification has
been sent to George C. Pardee, Henry P.
Dalton, G. B. Daniels, A. L. Smith and
M. de L. Hadley to appear before Court
Commissioner Babcock on February 7, at
10 o'clock, when their depositions in the
suit that has been begun against them
by-D. Edward Collins for an accounting
of the business of the Oakland Enquirer
Publishing Company will be taken.
The testimony then to be taken will be
upon the respective interests of the de
fendants in the business and their knowl
edge Of its affairs. The plaintiff demands
•that" these depositions be taken toy right
of a provision In the Code of Civil Proced
ure. ..Service on the Enquirer Publishing
Company, which is also made a defendant
in the suit has been secured by summon
ing G. B. Daniels, the president.
tiff in Collins' .Suit.
Respond to Summons From Plain-
Officers of Publishing Company Must
The tennis players of the Lowell High
School met yesterday on the courts of the
California Club. . Carl Gardner won all
his matches handily. He was then called
upon to play Al Rosenberg to determine
who will represent the school In doubles
In the annual tournament of the Academic
Athletic League. Rosenberg, who is con
ceded to be the best player in the school,
won. •
By winning the tournament Gardner is
entitled to a place on the doubles team
.with Rosenberg. The game played by
Gardner was a surprise, although It was
known he has been improving steadily.
In the finals he took the first two sets
from Rosenberg handily and it seemed he
would win the match. Rosenberg did not
exert himself in the first two sets but in
the next two he played his best and his
opponent was able to secure only one
game. The last set was close, but Rosen
berg was the steadier of the two and won.
The winner has played but little in the
past year and was out of practice. The
score in Rosenberg's favor was 5-7, 3-6.
6-0, 6-1 6-4. .
Following is a summary of the tourna
ment, in which there were twenty contest
ants:
Preliminary round — S. Levy beat M. Eisner,
CITE ENQUIRER MEN
& TO GIVE TESTIMONY
Will Represent Lowell
in the .Annual Tour
nament. *
ROSENBERG WINS
TENNIS MATCH
asraasssSrass eecond> ? eima
Fifth race, handicap, one mile and a six
teenth—Jessie Jarboe won. Reseda second,
Johnnie McCarty third. Time. 1:46%.' ¦-
Sixth race, six furlongs^Gala Day won
Ante Up second; Echodale third. Time. 1:14. '
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. U. S.,
"WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 18. 1902.— Hon.
Aneon Barstow, Oakland, Cal. — My Dear
Sir: : I beg to acknowledge receipt of your
telegram of the 15th inst. relative to the
improvement of Oakland harbor. I am doing
everything possible in thia behalf and have
arranged for a day when I can personally
present the question to the Rivers and Harbors
Committee. I have asked Senators Perkins
and Bard to appear with me before the com
mittee in response to the Joint resolution of
the Legislature of California calling upon the
Senators and Representatives in Congress from
California to aid in securing: an appropriation
for the Improvement of Oakland harbor. " No
stone will be left unturned and everything
possible will be- done toward securing favor
able action. Yours truly,
-. V. H. METCAX.P.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— Mayor Barstow
has [received the following letter from
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf in rela
tion to Oakland harbor matters at Wash
ington:
Gain an Appropriation.
or Barstow Concerning Efforts to
Congressman Metcalf Writes to May-
WORKING HARD . TO r SECTntE ... -
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBOR
Stanford— McGllvray. catcher; Parker,
pitcher; .Lowenthal,- first base; - Cowde,
second base; Brown. -third base: Craw
ford, shortstop; Knight, right- field; Kel
logg, left Held; Copp, center field. •
Santa Clara— Whalen, catcher; Keefe,
pitcher; Cutter, first base; Strut, Bdcond
base; Grisez. third 'base; Farry, shortstop;
Merle, right field; Feeney, left field; Gal
lez, center field.. *.y\ ¦ •_ ¦ ,¦; ¦'/.
Cardinal Team Loses Baseball Match
to Santa Clara Nine. ;
' .SANTA CLARA. Jan. 25.— Stanford Uni
v'ersity baseball team •was defeated here
to-day by the Santa Clara College nine by
a score of 13 to 7. The game was played
with dash and determination on eacn side.
In" the fifth inning the score waa 7 to. 1.
Hits were frequently made off each pitch
er. Several times with the bases full the
side was retired on a pop fly.- Cutter, who
was expected to pitch for Santa- Clara,
hod a lame arm and played first base.
The teams were made up as follows:
STANFORD IS DEFEATED.
The successful trip to this coast of the
Michigan football team to play Stanford
at Pasadena has resulted In the manage
ment planning already for another visit.
It is almost a foregone conclusion they
will play in this city next November.
It is believed the representatives of the
University of California will agree to the
majority of the suggestions offered by the
Stanford men.
Giving the baseball umpire the same powers
as 'are given the referee in football games with
regard to disqualifying players.
Define more clearly those who 'shall be con
sidered "partial" or "limited" students.
. Define university standing.
Regulate the issue of side line passes for
football and other athletic contests. :•. •.'£
• A- one-year residence rule for men who have
represented any other university In an athletic
contest.' - . ' ,
/Allowing men to compete in intercollegiate
athletics lor only four years regardless of what
university they may have represented.
''". Under the existing agreement the next
intercollegiate football contest must be
held on Berkeley campus. It is. desired to
change this to. permit of the game being
played in this city, where the receipts
would be larger than across the bay.
-The Stanford representatives desire a
stronger rule covering the eligibility of
students from other schools and univer
sities .--• entering athletic competition.
Among the changes they propose are the
following:
r" There '.were many questions to be dis
cussed -and as one of the delegates could
not sparfi the time necessary the meeting
adjourned, the committee agreeing to
meet at Berkeley Tuesday night.
, The-Unlversity of California was repre
sentedby Ezra Decoto, William A. Powell
and B: W. Reed. The Stanford represent
atives were D. E. Brown, C. A. Cantwell
and R. S. Fisher. . .
'The; intercollegiate agreement commit
tee,-representing the University . of Cali
fornia, and Stanford University, met yes
terday at the Olympic Athletic Club
rooins for their annual discussion of the
agreement under which intercollegiate
athletics are conducted.
Want the £ nnual Football
Game' Played Again in •
1 his City.
Desire to Change the
• Present Athletic
,'.*: Agreement.
UNIVERSITY MEN
DISCUSS SPORTS
• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
THE CALL'S RACING ' FORM CHART.
24
NC'-MAAin & C0 » EXPERT
• Oo n/%lllL?ICAPPERS AND
TURF COMMISSIONERS
Rooms 1, 2 and 3, 113 Stockton Street, Near OTarreli,
SAN FRANCISCO. TELEPHONE BLACK 3087.
During tte ten dayi endiag Jzxauj 25th we gave cut subscribers
34 Winners Out of 60 Races !
AS FOLLOWS:
Wednesday. Jan. lS-ThoMeus 7-10 Tuesday. Jan. 21-Malaspina 12-I
Tboreday. Jia. lft-Hudson 4-5 w M Floronso , ...9-10
Autollsht 6-5 Jan. 22— Moabina ...5.2
Floronso .3-2 Bylvia Talbot 2-5
Friday. Jan. 17— Ulloa. .....15-1 Corrlsan"!III!!I"8-5
Shriimon'nV \'l ThUr8d *y. *«• 23-NHWr. 1-1
!»§§§$ .
.. ...lAvator 8-5 Muresca "3-5
Saturday. Jan. 18— Jacqueminot 8-5 " Diderot 5-1
Afghan 2-1 Friday. Jan. 24— Moablna 9.5
Thaddeui 2-5 Kenllworth 9-3
VeSUVian °- 5 Saturday. Jan. 25-Duke of Tork ;1 -i
Monday. Jan. 20— Jim Bale ..: 1-1 M^r^ato 1 " 1111 **" 2 ' 5
*10lT > pS"S D STRAIGHT ° D "*** Ot ° Ur FIRST cholc «» toin* the ten day, NETTED
SC^^O^i^l^ NOT FICTITIOnS - BCT CAN BE PROVEN BT ANT SUB-
©TO FIGURES ARE BASED ON THE CLASS AND FORM OF HORSES AND Joorr
SSe^sSSSS! ACTUAL BACES ' AND NOT ° N ••INFORM HO I H o^?. A S D M J< A^
The Only Right Way to Play the Races!
«-? ° <2r "^ a P° anala e Syetem of Turf .Speculation" is the safest and most profitable in ex-
ieienco. Call or write for free explanation and eemi-monthly statement outaDle ln «
TERMS for our Handicap Sheets reduced (DURING CALIFORNIA SEASON ONLTi
to |2 per day or S10 per week. Ready for delivery by 11 a. m. ?.• ¦ '
COMMISSIONS **CGEF»TED.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided ° to distribute free * trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness > resulting
from. youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. - ' '
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable ¦ to leave' home to-be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy, it Is to be cured of
sexual weakness when -.the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, bo that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
¦. ADVERTISEMENTS. '___. _ f
©o©e©oooeoocooe©osoo©©©oo©c©ooooooooo©»»0ooo
' "*** E^^Tw hTb^ c^^"* 0 j^^^k Pt^m
! - _ ¦ •
!; ¦ ' ¦ ¦ •
r 1 - . . ¦ ©
, >¦ v: > . ;;• ;.>-. ,..,, ¦ • » •
I His Discovery That "Electricity Is the Basis of Life" Is Not |
|| New. Dr. McLaughlin Claims It. In Books Written Three •
|| Years Ago He Offers Proof of the Influence of Electricity g
|| Upon Human Vitality. Old Age Can Be Defied. By Dr. Me- g
; Laughlin's Method; Electricity May Be Used to Renew Youth S
; end P rolect the Body From Disease. Note the Comparison §
! Between Prof. Loeb's New Theories and Dr. McLaughlin's S
I Old Ones. §
1 Prof. Loeb of the University of Chicago recently announced that he had 9
l discovered that electricity was the basis of life. ©
He said that the motion of the heart was due. not to the heat, but to the •
1 electricity in the body. ©
• "A part of the chemical energy of foodstuffs 13 transformed Into electrical •
• energy, which in turn gives energy to the muscles and organs of the body." •
> The announcement that electricity and not heat is the life of the climax •
1 of Prof. Loeb's experiments, which have extended over ten years. ©
• These results, he says, are going to upset most of the teachings of the ©
) textbooks of physiology— that is. they are going to expose the fallacy of med' **
1 icine as it is administered by the regular physician of to-day. • •
1 . •** ~ ! ©
Effect o? Dp. McLaughHrTs Treatment Upon Men. •
1 This is all In line with Dr. McLaughlin's teachings, which have been In ©
1 print for the' past ten years. Dr. McLaughlin has been a student of this sub- ©
• ject for twenty years,- and has made his observations from cases under per- ©
1 sonal treatment. * • • S
1 • In his book, written three years ago (In his Introductory remarks), he x
1 says: "I anticipate still greater results from my efforts to demonstrate the S
1 truth of my- life-long claim that electricity is the basis of all animal vitality, ?
' and without it we could not live." 2
1 .. In another part of his book Dr. McLaughlin gives a more comprehensive S
• solution of the heat problem than that advanced by Prof. Loeb. Dr. Me- 5?
1 Laughlin says: • " -'5
• "The food that we eat Is treated as fuel by the stomach, Just as Is the q
coal in a furnace. The chemical action which la produced upon the food by q
the acids and juices of the stomach burns the food and causes a carbonic q
1 heat. This heat is electricity, and It is forced into the nerves and vital or- 5f
1 - gans and. is their life." g
• - ¦" . Farther, Dr. McLaughlin says: "The electrical heat generated by the con- 2
• sumption of our food should keep healthy every vital organ of the body. De- 2
f . bility of the vital organs arises when the waste Is greater than the repair— ©
1" when the stomach is not able to generate sufficient electrical heat to supply ©
I- the demands of nature. 0
, "This excessive waste Is due to overtaxation of the vital forces by hard O
1 work mentally, grief or worry, extra, physical exertion, severe fevers, such as A
: typhoid or malaria, which drain away the vitality and leave the system de- a
- bilitated." 2
' Now here is where Dr. McLaughlin passes beyond the period covered by a
' Prof. Loeb and shows how this vital electricity, which is the basis of life, may 2
> be replaced in the body when lost by the causes producing debility. *<*
> : He says: "When the stomach Is not able to generate sufficient of this en- 5
> ergy to supply the demands of the vital organs, the natural result Is a lower- V
> ing of nerve, organic and muscular power— a general debility. Then an artl- •
> ficial agent must be used to assist the stomach. That agent Is the Dr. Me- ©
I Laughlin Electric Belt." |j
> The human body charged with this electrical force is proof against the #
1 debility usually foreshadowing the decay of old age. There can be no decay a
1 where there Is sufficient force to keep the heart and vital organs active, and a
: under Dr. McLaughlin's treatment men of 75 and 85 years have found a new Z
j lease of life. Jj
An old man who had been wearing a Dr. McLaughlin belt every night for J®
' two months wrote: "While my age is 70 years, I have become as youthful In ©
• health as a man of S3, and am able to do as much work. I am really an old ©
I man made young." ¦ ; .'¦. \j
>.-": Men and women 'who had been rheumatic cripples for years, and whoso ©
I cases had defied the best doctors, have secured perfect health from Dr. Me- Q
I Laughlin's Belt. q
> H'i Mr. Al Bassatt, Rich Gulch, Cal., writes, January 8, 1902: "My back Is now Q
k as well as it ever was. I have had no pain for the past six weeks. Your Belt a
( is a. wonder." Q
, Dr. McLaughlin has not only proven that * electricity Is the substance of «£
; life and organic vitality, but has gone so far as to perfect the best known 2»
' means of replenishing that force in the body when It is lost. His electric belt *?
' is the natural result of scientific study, coupled with experience and median- ©
» ical skill. •
• The current supplied by this appliance enters the body In a slowing stream ©
> of vitalizing heat, so gentle that the nerves and vital organs absorb It as •
• freely as a hungry, babe drinks milk. This force is added to the natural pow- 0
I er generated by the stomach; it saturates every vital part and soon trans- A
I forms the debilitated body into a natural storage battery, which generates a
I its own health and closes the doors forever to disease and debility. JT
. Dr. McLaughlin's book la published for free distribution to those interest- q
, ed in the development of vigorous health in men and women. It is profusely ]Z
' illustrated and describes his method of treatment and appliances. Sent sealed **
' free on request. Send for it to-day, Inclosing this .ad. ©
1 Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt has a cure in every town. Upon request, ©
> the names of your own neighbors who have been cured by it will be sent you. ©
• CAUTION — I have to caution you against a certain advertisement offering "an ©
I electric belt free." Of course it is a snare Intended to deceive persons wishing to O
1 secure health. Instead of the free belt, they send a box of medicine C. O. X>. when A
¦ you write. Write me to-day and I will expose the fraud. Address — 5i
! n« M f M P T on rv}il in 702Markst St., Cor. Kdarny J
; ur. iii. t>. luCLaugniin, (Lotta . s Fountaln) . San FranciK i •
> X,- Office Hours, 8 A. M- to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to 1. . ©
cabriolets, ! 1** realty smart
SURREYS, Vem fit S
runabouts, are soldb^
8 Golden. Gate Ave and PolK St.,BRITISH GUNBOAT PHAETON. WHICH HAS COME INTO POKT FOR
COAL. "WITH "WHICH TO CONTINUE HER SEARCH FOR THE MISS
ING CONDOR, AND HER NAVIGATING OFFICER.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Tlmei and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to . San
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front' (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JANUARY 28.
Mrs. Bair Out on Bail.
Mrs. Kate Balr was released yesterday
by United States Court Commissioner
Heacock on a bond of $1000. furnished by
a security company. Her husband.
Ulysses G. Balr, the counterfeiter, has
been unable to secure the $3000 ball for his
own release.
Charges Husband With Cruelty.
Ellen C. Moray filed a suit for divorce
yesterday against George A- Moray on
the ground of cruelty. She accuses her
husband of beating her. They were mar
ried in this city in September,' 1889.
Annie Cohen has brought suit for tha
annulment of her marriage to Haskel
Cohen on the ground that the laws of the
State of Kansas, where they were mar
ried In 1835, forbid the Joining In wedlock
of persons related to each other closer
than first cousins. She claims to be Co
hen's niece.
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when & minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by ths
charts. The plane of reference Is th« meaa of
the lower low waters. :
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Son, ' Moon and '. Tide.
United S.tates ; Coast and Geodetic . Survey—
,. VvTinie Ball.
Branch - Hydro&raphlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
' chants'.. Exchange. 8an Francisco, Cal..
- January. 28, 1002. - • . ' •
•The Tlm« Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building - was dropped exactly, at 1 noon to-day
I. e., at noon.of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p.' m., Greenwich. mean time. - ;
-.--¦'¦>. ;. ;¦¦• W. H. STANDLEY. -•
X<ieu tenant U. S. Navy, in charge.
"NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when thera are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
Harbor.
Schr Ocean ' Spray, Sjagren, 0 . hours ! from
Bowens Landing:; returned' ' on account of
carrying away mainsail ln NW gale Jan 24,
at 10 p m.
. CLEARED.
Saturday, January 29.
' Stmr Alameda, Herrlman, Honolulu; J D
Spreckela & Bros Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etc;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co. , .
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, Seattle; E T
Kruse. ' . • • -: ¦
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, Pertains & Co.
Stmr Lakme, Johnson, Portland; The Chas
Nelson Co. •" , ¦ • :
SAILED. • .
Saturday, January 25.
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman, Honolulu.
, Stmr Fulton. Levinson, Grays Harbor.
S Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
1 Brig Tanner, Newgakl, Honolulu.
8chr Jessie Minor. • Whitney, Coos Bay.
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorxenson, Grays Har
bor. .
Schr Gotama. : Olsen, Coos Bay. „
¦ -TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan ,25, 3 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 23 miles. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA — Sailed Jan 25 — Ger bark Castor
and Br ship William Mitchell, for Queenstown;
Fr bark La Fontaine, for Puget Sound. .
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Noyo
(disabled), ln tow of stmr National City, for
San Francisco. - . .
' SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 25-r-Br stmr Algoa,
hence Jan 21. Jan 24— Br ship Penrhyn Cas
tle, from Honolulu. - ¦ 4
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 23— Schr Lud
' low, 'from -New Whatcom. Jan 24 — Schr C A
Thayer, from . Grays Harbor.'
.COOS BAT — Barbound Jan 25— Stmr Arcata.
N . : FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 24— Br bark
Tasmania, hence Aug 25. . ,
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 25— Br Btmr Cop
tic, hence Dec 28. . :
. YOKOHAMA— Arrived orlor to Jan 25— Br
Btmr Braemar, from Seattle. .
ADELAIDE— Sailed Jan 24— Bark Sea King,
for Newcastle, Aus. • ', .
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 24— Schr Ariel, from
Eureka. - ' /. • *.'.-¦ ¦-.-.¦.
HULL— Arrived Jan 25— Br stmr. Milton,
hence Nov 6. • • >
PANAMA— Sailed Jan 25— Br stmr Guate
mala, for San Francisco.
¦¦• ENSENADA — Sailed Jan 25 — Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. » ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS..
. CHERBOURG — Sailed Jan 25— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton,, for New York. •
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Jan 25—
Stmr.i Chin>r -.Wo, from Glasgow, - etc, . for Se
attle.:- ¦--¦--¦¦ ¦'.,." ¦''....•.•¦¦¦¦.¦ -- . ¦•
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Jan 25 — Stmr
Etruria, from New York, for Liverpool. •
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Olympla,
from Hongkong; for Tacoma. •: ¦ > ¦ -*
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 25 — Stmr Pennsyl
vania*, for Hamburg, -via Plymouth; stmr Rot
terdam, for • Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr
Lahn, for Naples and Genoa; stmr Mesaba,
for London :. atmr Ivernla, for Liverpool. ¦ • .
Arrived Jan 25— Stmr British Queen, from
Antwerp. : • - - ' ; ¦¦•..¦¦'.¦'•-¦•-"¦¦ ..¦¦¦. ¦
. MANILA— Arrived - Jan 24-^Stmr : Adeloa,
from Portland, , Or, via Muroran.
HAMBURG— Arrived Jan 25— stmr Lincoln
shire, from ; Seattle, via St Vincent, C V.-
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr , Fries
land, from New York. '•
Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Zeeland,' for New" York.
GLASGOW — Sailed Jan 24 — Stmr Victoria
for New York; etmt Senator Martin, for Port
.. HAVRE— Sailed - Jan 25— Stmr L' Aqultalne,
for New : York. ••' ¦ . ' .• -
LIVERPOOL— Sailed. Jan 25 — Stmr Saionla,
for New .York. ;¦-> *a? H*a««m«fe
Brig Tanner Finally Gets Away.
The brig Tanner got away to sea yes
terday afternoon, but It was only on the
second call of the tug Sea King that Cap
tain Newhall consented to leave the.shel
ter of the bay. The mate's "indisposi
tion" and the northwest wind detained
the brig on Friday, and yesterday, when
the Sea King, called for the first time.
Captain Newhall was ashore. The Sea
King took the brig outside and turned her
over to the north, wind, which will pre
vent her putting back to port for a while,
whether her windmill works or not. •
Loses Her Mainsail.
The schooner Ocean Spray, came into
port yesterday In distress. She had been
:^.;>;: v ; v' / ' ¦ ,
Rescues Three British Sailors.
Captain Rasmussen of the towboat Sea
King yesterday afternoon picked up three
sailors belonging to the British bark In
vercoe and put them safely, aboard their
ship. They were In a ship's boat and got
caught in the norther which swept the
bay about 2 o'clock. .When Captain Ras
ntussen sighted them they were drifting
down on Alcatraz. They wera exhausted
with the struggle against wind and tide
and their boat was half filled with water.
So weak were the men that It. was with
great difficulty they were helped aboard
the tug. The boat was taken in tow and
during a lull ln the gale the shipwrecked
crew was handed over the side of the In
vercoe. If assistance had not arrived
when It did, says Captain Rasmussen,
the men would certainly have been
drowned, as their boat could not have
lived much longer ln the heavy sea.
Boisterous Norther Sweeps Bay.
A norther Buch as San Francisco has
not seen for many days swept the bay
yesterday afternoon and gave the ship
ping men at the north end of the water
front a. lively shaking up. The storm
reached its height about 2 o'clock and
raged ln howling fury for over an hour.
During the height of the storm walking
on Meig-gs wharf was an undertaking so
full of danger that it was not attempted.
The waves broke over the breakwater at
the new fishermen's wharf, and fiehing
boats under its shelter were filled with
water at their moorings. Several lumber
vessels lying alongside sections A and B
of th© seawall were damaged, and only
saved from shipwreck by strong towboats,
Captain Melville Besigns.
Captain R. P. Melville has resigned
command of the ship C. F. Sargent. He
will be succeeded by Captain A. S. Gam
mans, one, of the owners of the vessel. !
The collier Progreso while docking on
Friday night at Mainrstreet wharf was
carried by the tide against, the end of the
slip. She rubbed off nine piles and
strained the wharf considerably. The col
lier sustained no injury beyond carrying
away part of her rail. .
Collier Frogreso Smashes Wharf.
loading freight at Bowens Landing when
the heavy weather compelled Captain
SJagren to put out to sea. He had hardly
got free of the shore when away went
his mainsail and he couldn't have got
back to Bowens Landing if he had so de
sired. He ran down here in nine hours.
The British bark Cambrian Warrior will
load wheat at Portland for Europe; the French
bark Bossuet, wheat at Tacoma for Europe
30s; the French bark Moliere (on way from
Astoria to this port), wheat here for EuroDe.
80s.
The barkentlne S. G. Wilder and the bark
Albert will -return to Honolulu.
The Norwegian bark Altavela loads lumber
at Hastings Mills for Callao.
Charters.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 25.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 19 hour* from Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. 61 hours 26
minutes from Portland, via Astoria 47 hours
25 minutes.
H B M stmr Phaeton, Fleet, B days' from
Esquimau, from cruise ln search of mlasina
HUM stmr Condor. . '
Schr Peerles%, Hagerup, 8 days from Grays
Shipping Intelligence.
which took them to anchorages ln the
open bay. The schooner Advent was
taken out by the tug Liberty, the tug Sea
King prevented the Gleaner from butting
in her ribs against the Harbor Commis
sioners* property and the timely arrival
of the Alert saved section B from being
ripped apart by the schooner Addenda.
The waves broke over the" latter vessel
and drove ashore the laborers who were
discharging her cargo of lumber. Her
lumber ports were open and several Jieavy
seas ¦were shipped* before the crew could
get them closed.. Both the Gleaner and the
Advent were badly chafed, and the Ad
denda tore away several piles. The pilot
boat Pathfinder, at anchor off Meiggs
wharf,- had her decks swept repeatedly,
and during the height of the gale was al
most entirely hidden in spray. The scow
6Chooner Fannie lost part of her deckload
of lumber, and the crew of plledriver No.
2. which was in tow of ' the Governor
Markham. had to seek refuge far above
the decks, which were under water. The
brig W. G. Irwln was obliged to leave
Lombard-street wharf and the schooner
Sailor Boy at Oakland long wharf put in
an exciting hour or two. The revenue
cutter Hartley was driven for shelter
among the fishing boats and the General
Sternberg found refuge at the .Pacific
Mall dock. The fishermen were obliged to
abandon their fishing.
Alameda Sails for Honolulu.
With a full passenger list and heavy
cargo the Oceanic Steamship Company's
Alameda sailed promptly at 2 o'clock yes
terday afternoon for Honolulu. She car
ried the following cabin passengers:
A. W. Adams, A. W.' Ahlborn, W. II. Baker,
Mrs. Baker, 8. F. Berg, Mrs. George Clifford,
Mrs. J. C. Cohen, J. C. Cracknell, G. A. Davis,
Dr. W. H. DavU. Mi»s Ida Dinwiddle, C. F.
Eckhardt, Georgre Frltch, Mrs. Frltch, Mlsa B.
G«rstle, M. S. Grlnbaum, Mrs. Urlnbaum,
Charles Hay, Miss Kauffman, A. Longerman,
H. M. Leonard George Leslie, Mrs. C. I.
Lewis. P. N. Ulienthal, Mrs. Lilienthal, child
aad maid. Mrs. B. Ulienthal child and maid.
Miss M. Lilienthal Mrs. J. M. Lltchfleld, C. F.
Meyer, l>. J. Mulligan, Miss W. Murray, R.
Ritchie, Mrs. M. S. Scudder, Mrs. J. Seeley
and child, R. H. Spotswood, Mrs. M. H. Weed,
Merrltt Weed and A. A. Young.
HIS British Majesty's gunboat
Phaeton, out on a searching
cruie for the missing sloop of
war Condor, put Into this port
yesterday for coal, informa
tion and further instructions from
the admiral commanding the Pa
cific station. The Phaeton left Es
quimalt last Monday and has been
bucking stormy seas ever since. She
tried to run in to Portland, but was un
able to -cross the Columbia River bar.
£he engaged a tug, however, to run in
with 'u, communication to the admiral and
tossed and tumbled outside for several
long hours awaiting an answer. She will
proceed on her cruise this, morning. £>e
experienced considerable difficulty CTilniR
in the blusterous norther which yester
day stirred up the bay. Soon after she
diopped anchor the coal laden schooners
Piute and Arthur were taken alongside
and the- Phaeton's Jackies and marines
giive practical demonstration of the pos
s.biiity of coaling ship in a rough sea.
Tlie Piute, which was made fast on the
weather side, stayed with the job until
her ribs were almost staved In. The
norther, which freshened to a smart gale
about 2 o'clock, sent the coalboat bang
ing against the side of King t-dward'e
ship until the safety of botu vessels was
threatened. The work of coaling was fin
ished on the lee side.
The Phaeton will proceed from here ln
the direction of Honolulu, taking as near
ly as possible the course that would most
likely have been taken by the Condor un
der sail. The officers of the Phaeton have
little hope of finding either the Condor
or any trace of her. The Condor, they
say, was so put together that if wrecked
she would go down all in one piece and
they think there is little likelihood of any
wreckage remaining afloat. If ehe went
down, they say, she went with a plunge
and carried with her even her boats. The
Condor is a new vessel and little is
l;nown of her sea-going qualities. She en
countered reugh weather on her voyage
out from England and, according to let
ters written to England by members of
her crew, behaved badly. She carried 125
officers and men. Her officers were: Cap
tain Clifton Sclater, Lieutenants James
B. Mason, Hay Winthrop, Henry V. T.
Proctor; surgeon, T. S. Hartley; assist
ant paymaster, William H. Franlin; gun
ner, Arthur D. A. Burns; engineer, George
J. Ditton. This is her maiden commis
sion.
The Phaeton, which is the first boat
sent by the British naval authorities In
search, has been stationed yp to within
the past few months at Panama. Her
commander is Captain Ernest J. Fleet
and the man depended upon to find the
Condor if she is afloat is Navigating Offi
cer Lieutenant George N. Tomlin. Her
other officers are:
Lieutenant Frederick A. Whltehead. ex
poutive; Lieutenants Osmond J. Prentis,
Charles J. Brendon and Vernon S. Resh
lelgh; Lieutenant Royal Naval Reserve
Newenham R. de la C. Cornwall, Lieuten
ant Royal Marines Harold Ozanere, Chap
lain Rev. J. Steward Borrowdale, M. A.;
Staff Surgeon George H. Foott, M. D ;
Paymaster Robert F. C. Eames, Chief En
gineer George T. Kerswell, Assistant En
gineers Cliff Bowie and John L. Badhaux.
Gunner Herbert T. Leggett, Boatswains
Michael Aharn and W. G. Beer, Carpenter
Samuel Wells and Clerk F. R. Graham.
H. M. S. Egerta, now at Esquimau, has
been ordered to prepare for sea and will
Join the Phaeton in the search. The
eteamBhip Alameda, which sailed yester
day for Honolulu, was under orders to
keep a sharp lookout for the missing ves
sel, and the United States revenue cutter
Hugh McCulloch, which sailed on Friday
Is now searching the Pacific for some &lgn
that will solve the mystery of the Con
dor's fate.
Visitors will be allowed aboard the
Phaeton this afternoon between the hours
of 1 &nd 5.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
Boisterous Norther Does Damage to Shipping and
Wharves— Alameda Sails for Honolulu.
PHAETON, LOOKING FOR CONDOR,
DROPS IN FOR COAL SUPPLY
25
fcieamer.
| - From. - t Out.
Sequoia
Phoenix......
Sta. Barbara.
State of Cal..
Arcata
Argo
Eureka..:...
Titania......
China ....
Curacao..*....
Sierra
Queen
Coos Bay....
Rainier
San Pedro....
J. S. Klmball
Pleiades
Denderah ....
Nome City...
Columbia. . . .
ban la itoaa. .
Pt. Arena. . . .
Pomona.....:
Aztec
Empire. .....
Newburg... .
Chehalls
Mackinaw...
City Sydney..
Honittt
Leelanaw. .. .
Umatllla.....
Tucapel
North Fork..
R. Dollar....
M. Dollar."..;
Coronado. . . .
G. Dollar
ti. W. Klrter.
Santa Ana.
City Puebla. .
Spokane......
Grays Harbor I Jan. 26
Mendoclno .[Jan. 26
San Pedro | Jan . 2(5
San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 2B
Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 27
Coqullle River Jan. 27
Humboldt Jan. 27
Nanalmo ..*. Jan. 27
China & Japan Jan. 27
Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Sydney & Way Ports.. Jan. 27
Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 28
Grays Harbor ....Jan. 20
Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 2\)
Seattle Jan. 29
Seattle . . .'. Jan. 29
San Pedro .....Jan. 29
Portland ,& Astoria .... Jan. 30
San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 30
Point Arena Jan . SO
[Humboldt Jan. 30
Tacoma Jan. 30
Coos Bay Jan. 30
Grays Harbor ......... Jan . 30
Grays Harbor Jan. 30
Tacoma j an . 31
Panama' & Way Ports.. Jan. 31
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 31
New York via Panama. Jan. 31
Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1
Valparaiso & Way Ports. Feb. l
Humboldt •'. . . Feb 1
Seattle & Hadlock Feb' 2
San Pedro Feb 'Z
Grays Harbor Feb" •»
Grays Harbor Feb 3
Portland & Astoria .... Feb. i
Seattle & Tacoma Feb 5
Puget Sound Ports.. ... Feb. U
San Diego & Way Pts... Feb. S 0
Steamer.
Destination.
| Pier.
i.
January 20. .
Point Arena. ........
Humboidt
San Diego &. Way..
Newport & Way Pts.
Puget Sound Ports .
Seattle & Tacoma...
! I January 27.
Humboidt , . ..'. . . '. .';.
January 28.
Mendoclno City ....
Coquir : River
Coos B. &. Pt. Orf ord.
Panama & Way Pts.i
Astoria & Portland.'
, January 20.
N.'.Y.-.vla Panama..
Humboidt : ...."... :v.
San Diego I & Way. .
Grays Harbor .". ....
January 3O.
Los Angeles Ports. .
San : Pedro & Way. .
China & Japan......
' January 31.
Coos - Bay ..........
Hamburg & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports..
February 1.
Seattle & N. What..
- February 2.
Astoria & Portland.
Seattle ." & - Tacoma. .
San Diego & -Way. .
February. 3.
Grays Harbor .... . .
-. February S.
Puget Sound Ports.:
February .6..
Grays Harbor .....'.
Hamburg & Way Pts
Valparaiso & * Way. .
Sydney & Way Pts..
i i
Point Arena
North Fork
Santa Rosa
¦Woima. . . . .
City Puebi
Santa Ana.
2 pm|
v am
9 am
tt am
Ham
10 am
I Pier 2
li'ier -J.
|Pler 11
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pomona...
11:30 pi
I Pier 0
Phoenix...
Argo
Aic-ata.:..
City Para..
G. Elder. . .
I
3 pm
4 pm
12 m
|ia mi
ill am
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 13
ipmss
Argyll......
Eureka
State Cal. .
Sequoia.'. . .
2pm|
9 am
9 am]
i 6 pm
PferlO
Pier 13
Pier 11
| Pier 2
Nome City.
Coos Bay. .
H. K. Maru
3 pm
9 am
1 pm
Pier 3
Plerll
PMS3
Empire. ...
Ntcaria....
Queen.:...
12 m
ii ami
Pier 13
Pier 34
IPler i)
Rainier i...
6 pm
Pier, 2
Columbia. .
J. Klmball.
Spokane...
10 am
9 am
Pier 24
Pier 2
Plerll
Newburg. .
Umatllla...
S pm
Pier 2
11am
Pier. 0
G. Dollar. .
Denderah..
Tucapel .'.'.'
Sierra.:...
5 pm
12* in
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 10
Pier 7
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Farallon
Dolphin. .....
Cottage City.'
Diriito...
Bertha.......
Skagway & .Way. Ports. Jan. 27
Skagway , & Way Ports. Jan. 28
Skagway ; & Way Ports. Jan. 30
Skagway & Way Ports. I Feb. 5
Valdez & Way Ports . . . Feb. 7
Sur
Sur
rises
sets
in rises ........
":.'.\'.':Y.'.'.8:39 i
.7:19
.5:26
¦>. m.
O
26"'
27
28
20
30
31
1
Time Time
Ft.
H W I W
1:40 5.3 6:56
2:20 5.4 7:53
2:59 5.4 8:56
3:42 5.3 10:00
4:26 5.2 10:59
5:14 5.1 12:03
6:00 5.0 1:00
L, W H W
I 0:10 . 2.9 6:50
Ft.,-
2.2
2.1
2.0
1.9
1.8
1.5
1.2
I
Time Time
Ft.
H W t, W
1:01 5.2 7^24
1:58 4.8 8:04
2:58 4.3 8:46
4:01 . 4.0 9:33
6:13 3.7 10:20
6:33 3.5 11:15
7:50 3.6
L W H W
I 1:50 0.8 8:54
Ft,
0.2
0.7
.1.3
l.S
2.3
. . ...
- I
2
5.01
3.8
Sur
Sur
rises
sets
in rises ........
":.'.\'.':Y.'.'.8:39 i
.7:19
.5:26
¦>. m.
O
26"'
27
28
20
30
31
1
Time Time
Ft.
H W I W
1:40 5.3 6:56
2:20 5.4 7:53
2:59 5.4 8:56
3:42 5.3 10:00
4:26 5.2 10:59
5:14 5.1 12:03
6:00 5.0 1:00
L, W H W
I 0:10 . 2.9 6:50
Ft.,-
2.2
2.1
2.0
1.9
1.8
1.5
1.2
I
Time Time
Ft.
H W t, W
1:01 5.2 7^24
1:58 4.8 8:04
2:58 4.3 8:46
4:01 . 4.0 9:33
6:13 3.7 10:20
6:33 3.5 11:15
7:50 3.6
L W H W
I 1:50 0.8 8:54
Ft,
0.2
0.7
.1.3
l.S
2.3
. . ...
- I
2
5.01
3.8
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Farallon
Dolphin. .....
Cottage City.'
Diriito...
Bertha.......
Skagway & .Way. Ports. Jan. 27
Skagway , & Way Ports. Jan. 28
Skagway ; & Way Ports. Jan. 30
Skagway & Way Ports. I Feb. 5
Valdez & Way Ports . . . Feb. 7
Steamer.
Destination.
| Pier.
i.
January 20. .
Point Arena. ........
Humboidt
San Diego &. Way..
Newport & Way Pts.
Puget Sound Ports .
Seattle & Tacoma...
! I January 27.
Humboidt , . ..'. . . '. .';.
January 28.
Mendoclno City ....
Coquir : River
Coos B. &. Pt. Orf ord.
Panama & Way Pts.i
Astoria & Portland.'
, January 20.
N.'.Y.-.vla Panama..
Humboidt : ...."... :v.
San Diego I & Way. .
Grays Harbor .". ....
January 3O.
Los Angeles Ports. .
San : Pedro & Way. .
China & Japan......
' January 31.
Coos - Bay ..........
Hamburg & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports..
February 1.
Seattle & N. What..
- February 2.
Astoria & Portland.
Seattle ." & - Tacoma. .
San Diego & -Way. .
February. 3.
Grays Harbor .... . .
-. February S.
Puget Sound Ports.:
February .6..
Grays Harbor .....'.
Hamburg & Way Pts
Valparaiso & * Way. .
Sydney & Way Pts..
i i
Point Arena
North Fork
Santa Rosa
¦Woima. . . . .
City Puebi
Santa Ana.
2 pm|
v am
9 am
tt am
Ham
10 am
I Pier 2
li'ier -J.
|Pler 11
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pomona...
11:30 pi
I Pier 0
Phoenix...
Argo
Aic-ata.:..
City Para..
G. Elder. . .
I
3 pm
4 pm
12 m
|ia mi
ill am
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 13
ipmss
Argyll......
Eureka
State Cal. .
Sequoia.'. . .
2pm|
9 am
9 am]
i 6 pm
PferlO
Pier 13
Pier 11
| Pier 2
Nome City.
Coos Bay. .
H. K. Maru
3 pm
9 am
1 pm
Pier 3
Plerll
PMS3
Empire. ...
Ntcaria....
Queen.:...
12 m
ii ami
Pier 13
Pier 34
IPler i)
Rainier i...
6 pm
Pier, 2
Columbia. .
J. Klmball.
Spokane...
10 am
9 am
Pier 24
Pier 2
Plerll
Newburg. .
Umatllla...
S pm
Pier 2
11am
Pier. 0
G. Dollar. .
Denderah..
Tucapel .'.'.'
Sierra.:...
5 pm
12* in
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 10
Pier 7
fcieamer.
| - From. - t Out.
Sequoia
Phoenix......
Sta. Barbara.
State of Cal..
Arcata
Argo
Eureka..:...
Titania......
China ....
Curacao..*....
Sierra
Queen
Coos Bay....
Rainier
San Pedro....
J. S. Klmball
Pleiades
Denderah ....
Nome City...
Columbia. . . .
ban la itoaa. .
Pt. Arena. . . .
Pomona.....:
Aztec
Empire. .....
Newburg... .
Chehalls
Mackinaw...
City Sydney..
Honittt
Leelanaw. .. .
Umatllla.....
Tucapel
North Fork..
R. Dollar....
M. Dollar."..;
Coronado. . . .
G. Dollar
ti. W. Klrter.
Santa Ana.
City Puebla. .
Spokane......
Grays Harbor I Jan. 26
Mendoclno .[Jan. 26
San Pedro | Jan . 2(5
San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 2B
Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 27
Coqullle River Jan. 27
Humboldt Jan. 27
Nanalmo ..*. Jan. 27
China & Japan Jan. 27
Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Sydney & Way Ports.. Jan. 27
Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 28
Grays Harbor ....Jan. 20
Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 2\)
Seattle Jan. 29
Seattle . . .'. Jan. 29
San Pedro .....Jan. 29
Portland ,& Astoria .... Jan. 30
San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 30
Point Arena Jan . SO
[Humboldt Jan. 30
Tacoma Jan. 30
Coos Bay Jan. 30
Grays Harbor ......... Jan . 30
Grays Harbor Jan. 30
Tacoma j an . 31
Panama' & Way Ports.. Jan. 31
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 31
New York via Panama. Jan. 31
Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1
Valparaiso & Way Ports. Feb. l
Humboldt •'. . . Feb 1
Seattle & Hadlock Feb' 2
San Pedro Feb 'Z
Grays Harbor Feb" •»
Grays Harbor Feb 3
Portland & Astoria .... Feb. i
Seattle & Tacoma Feb 5
Puget Sound Ports.. ... Feb. U
San Diego & Way Pts... Feb. S 0
GB, APE-MTJTS.
I Do You Like |
I Goodies? |
I GRAPE-NUTS 1
g For Breakfast ;1
U Lunch or Dinner g
JOB ROSENBERG'S. -J JOE ROSENBERG'S. [ , JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
ISraBra • k \^\ n ac fditi° n t° Mis safe wa have the showroom samples of White Skirts of W. fw) \ lll&^^J
M"" Sagay \ & - ' Hirsh, one of the largest manufacturers in the United States. ( j S
i '^Rp^jfa^wi^SL W a W 'H S3 H them for a good deal /ess than tho matarial can be bought for. They /^^ftir^L^Jffi^ I
B . ars made of Cambrics, Nainsooks and Lawns, trimmed in the finest laces and embroideries. j^t^Th^^^^M^*? 1
lL LADIES' SKIRT, made of soft bleached mus- W1 LADIES> S ?f IRT^ ™2 d S of ,f^' *£??*• ?°" H * £&&&&:!:?''&
ILb. V-V*- ; - : .l :: :>V^\ »". finished with a nine-Inch hemstitched and S^ £*^#&tf:/
r«*-^*.*->-*,1*.;«V"-J.Oa corded flounce; full width and all lengths. If tucks and wide torchon lace; dust ruffle. More /€&•*•**.•?! '••:•»*.'.*•*•* *^A
' jg& /|«^l # «*;«V.VlvV*\rol they were not samples you'd pay double this th an an even exchange for your money at this fgV.Y.y.y;^ i : /-}}.P% i E|
M, J&&J£&S§1 P SECOfl/D ¦'"• ""¦""""' C STILK ANOTHER- illS^V^^ifL f|
£&m&. X' 1 *. 1 :'. •. : . l< '.'o«'. : .V«l t atZtt?<v tjK-TTJT^™ a / ?», r, * t .* i "LADIES' SKIRT, made of fine cambric; fin- \S.';:. .—.*•*•• *.*V; : *T^ *%£'
»BB^V^;:*':v-*«V:'« v \V'«".VKr • LAE>rES SKIRT, made of the best T,onsdale is hed with a fourteen-inch flounce of tucks and V^A*-""*- -'.••* •*•-•! :;.*.n»W «»
V| fL^rtX'**?*"******" *«•**,' ••*'d#'->. muslin, .finished with a ten-Inch flounce of em- embroidery.. The embroidery is openwork and \jp.yy.;««....y.*»»«.««;iyST^.
v5^k^V.\V:.'v«V.V/'.V 1 *»'ir broidery and tucks; also dust ruffle. You'll buttonhole-edged, and worth 60c a yard; extra A^W»;.r; *.•!•*. ****-W*ii^Sw
-^^ffifflftm^^tisj'.V* ?*.'•*.•• •'^¦T ;,„„ m »-~ * n ~ ?»,- -^k-^u« .. tu „ ~ u * „ dust ruffle; it takes 4»4 yards fora skirt. This .*.• '•*«**"*ii»**Lg«e<v%I!S<.
•^SBBSBm 'W ¦ ask 'tot ? this skirt embroldery than what we Is one of .the few of the many samples we have X^^gjgj^SjKgjgfr
:^^fcBiK|^f A f 1 K P TAMBOUR TIDIES, new Irish A f OK«CHILD'S Af <C1 OH The NEW EMPIRE TAPE ilEttlSS^^X^'^^
HroBrilWIP™ ' ¦ P° int designs, 12x12 ' Inches; AI ' 0C pFRRr«! '• • CORSET, the latest Pari- . Wgy^%£t£r
WSBffimi wortn £5c - This week's price.. .....15c- . , . 7 ,,f f sian model; made of three wide ribbon WSPSuM
ramilmy At OKoTAMBOUR' SCARFS, newest made of best <3 uali ty tapes; colors pink, blue, black and HP^^W
W&BU&SEf • rvL Jl( open work, Irish point designs, jean, double row' tape, white. A wonder for the money. .SI .<)() n&f&wffraSH v
JSt^SaS ¦ button-hole edged, 18x56 inches; actual seW n buttons 'This A f /In LADIES' HAIR CURLERS. \*i^H?3i )
IWillMJlJipif worth 50c. Our challenge price..... 2u« wppk . «,- At C made of the best steel, an.l
¦ • TMrzr^l Af ROr> TAMBOUR SHAMS, in new ~ uC natural wood handles. Small and large VESSt??
fclj—J lxl "Vv leaf pattern, button-hole edge; * rn t AnTTrq- sizes, all at one price... 4e VsSSi x
fe-T- S true value $1. This week's price At bUC,,^^^ A f 1 C« Best quality JAPANESE V====R
g^*3 5Oc VE3-TS, -tt.1. IOIitOOTH BRUSHES. > fine T ' "^
EL_J At AQn L A D J E s> EIDERDOWN best American silk, bristled, the kind that will not fall out; f^ •' r \
all JACKETS, crochet edge till low neck no sleeves wholesale price $2 a dozen. Our chal- . ¥¦ ;
around, new sleeve. A wonder for the , '- A , ' lenge price '..15c tr - -I ?
HU Price 4*Jf la ( c l l r , lmmed ; 1 ° rS At ORpThe new V. G. HOSE SUP- ]
V=ZSM At QPn LADIES' WAISTS, made of pInk> blue and wnlte - /Vl Jlj PORTER, easily attached to g=ry
BSH -^t JJOtgijk striped wool crepe cloth. Worth $1.00. This week your corset by a patent clasp, which re- ¦ . Kl -if 'f
\ ¦T.'tV detached collar, new sleeve, perfect In . ... . ¦ i>Oe ducea the abdomen from 4. to 6 Inches, f f — ¦*
|=~~1|V every detail; regular price $1.50. XJntll """"" linen filled elastic, finished by a patent jgr— *7
j^~j>ftk sold l)Sc 4 7r 't * -nTTTC velvet rubber grip; worth Its weight in .Jr^cSi
At CQ7R LADIES' UNCRACK- At /OC^IBINA- sold> Our challenge price i25« I
Mmggl, ( . At $3.75 JvBLE EXTRA HEAVY TION SUITS?- best At 50r The KEEP-CLEAN HAIR Jfff^i^
•MBT^Wgggs? 1 ALL gILK TAFFETA WAISTS, hem- Peruvian yarn fleece /Yl OUl# BRUSH, best bristles, hard- > &'
stitched and corded, new silk, .trimmed lined, high . neck, an- wood, ebony back, lined with aluminum . m " " &•
*¦ with gilt buttons; actual worth $5; col- kle length long s ° that it can be cleaned without lnjui-- f*
: ors, rose, pink, lemon, gray, etc. Our sleeves. Ecru and Ing the bristles; worth twice our chal- . • . |
challenge price ............ .......:.$3.7."> gray. This week.. 75c ! en se price 50c ''
Af Qflr STEEL BEADED CHATE- O-. ; " — ¦ — "~° At 10o LADIES> HEMSTITCHED
Al 3OC LAINE BAGS, suede leather „,„.„„„, * HANDKERCHIEFS, made of
ifesiSfe^^^^B^^^osc^ inC RfSQC fdRCRP sie market street, iafe-S^^is5sSSSS5
At QRp 'WRIST BAGS, made of 'best J Ij L nliuSlHDEllU Running i/iroujft to 11 O'Farrell. a t K r LADIES' HAND INITIALED ,
At O0C 8Ue< j e leather, lined, patent * M ., « T 2 T ¦ ; ". n^J . ., ».r,, «,«.. At 0C HANDKERCHIEFS, best qual-
clasp, extra strong chain; the kind you Mail OrdcPR Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. ity lawn, hemstitched; regular price
cannot lose money out of. Our chal- v ,: . 12%c. This week oc
lenge price ....; ....3«"»C O — — — O a* KKa GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS.
At 35C S H *'t TE 1 ? A ? NB BAGS » made Af .in«Best quality ENGLISH ' A t CI OC LADIES 1 CROCHET ~*i ,^ f 3 .* i-n^h
n.1 CWV» of the best morocco leather, • At • vC WHITE TWILLED TAPE— At SKIRTS— Jersey ribbed— stitched, six ln a box; worth » per box. ;
all colors; patent cla$p, leather covered, ten yards to a piece— the kipd that will full length— full width— finished on top Tnls weelc 5t>c
pocket outside, with leather , straps, not shrink in washing— ten yds for with crochet edge, run through with a a f OK BATTENBERG SQUARES, ;
Worth twice our challenge price.... 3o« lOc silk tape— real value $1.75. Our challenge D est all-linen braid, -solid
At SI 00 LA ? IE S # WRAPPERS.. Af inrBest quality of ENGLISH . Price .._. S1.25 h-nd-made Battenberg. 23x23; worth $2.
e ta SESS&«S?TollS At 1 0C Seff^S^^-dlu^ At | BATTENBERG " 06 if Je^
bottom; regular : $1 50 values. This ' heads. Our challenge price..!lOe a .book hee ls and double^toes-colo^ S5S and A \ C ,? X ?: soll J S^ISf^" U £f£
w eek 81.00 •. Atz^c, TOC r C roLT^R «nd BOW black-fast colors-regular 19c quality, center, all linen braid; were oOc. JWa
At $1.98-J££P B r a 2 LF SpRTS.^At45C A T^^ H C^AR e and BCW O ur challenge price...!.... ...lOc a pair ™ ek -^st- TORCHON "i^CT^W
Ing weited «ams & bottom" J? ffeta t. a S d flnlshed th velvet rtb *?B B - At 29c LADIES' NECK RUCHE- At SC?£!™ S wid^oks UkTuio real
«Scu7 man-talCed. Prteed elsewhere ° Ur challen^ »«°*»: ......45c fast black liberty S I1K- nand &£*%%£& ££ "ce. Thi»
atJ3 55. This week ..$1.08 At 1fV FANCY TUCKED SATIN ¦ JS,,"J ¦ fll i fc fu« ends-were 80c. Our week 5c
A* QK« LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS At ' UC STOCK COLLARS-best qual- challenge price ,29c . 1Q DRESSING COMBS, made of
At.OOC best quality Italian cloth 7- lt Y satin-all colors-lined-were Kc. a+ C« 3LOVES and RIBBONS cleaned ni l3 ° extra heavy rubber, fine and
Inch flounce, finished with small corded Thl3 week's price... : lOc ¦ rLI - • **»» and made to look like new by a coarse teeth: perfectly finished; regular
ruffle. Worth 5125. This week S5c A f OQ« UMBRELLAS— made of the dry process.' We' challenge you to set 40c kind. This week's price lOc t
At- *1 f\n LADIES' FLANNELETTE V^^fcest quality twilled Gloria thera cleaned as well for twice the price . A f oCn SILK TUCKED BELTS, good
At $ I. UU gowNS, made of best cloth-steel rod-Steel frame— natural we ask 5c v^- 1 heavy quality; new shape; gilt
quality flannelette, solid colors, pink, wood handles-warranted fast color— . « Ol/ LA D j E g. FAST-BLACK and silver heavy buckles; regular 50c.
blue, white; double yoke back, front were 60c. Our challenge price 39c At I^/2C HOSE best 'Peruvian cot- This week's price 2.»c \
yoke tucked and hemstitched, lace A f 'j c p UMBRELLAS— made of best ton, double heels and toes, full length, At 35c SCISSORS, best Quality steel j
trimmed. Worth $1.50. This week. $1.00 At /OO fast black Italian twill cloth— very elastic: were 20c. This week.7,..! UWV/ German silver handles. 7
At 5<V LADIES' DRAWERS, made steel rod— steel frame— horn, celluloid and .:.... 12%c Inches long: gfpo<S_and sharp: regular
Al OUl/ of best soft bleached- muslin, metal-trimmed handles-were fl.00. Our , pwtt r»-q nnw 15c ' ' Thls weel * a P^ co ;•;-; p 5 « ;
Kfs S A alC Sr^ILbREN.s""cASHMFRE M 3C 1
A t 5OC LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS C At 250 8 of tfi^SgtoS g& wSk^' fast black: 3 - large 'sizes; the regular price 8a J
At OUC best W hite soft bleached mus- all-wool yarn-silk heela and toes-Jer- \ Rl3 ™ ® e jT '"^^^"'^"^r''^ t ? Week selll^Fr S^VA^V^o'? 0 Zen 1
Un, embroidery trimmed; full lenjfth, ex- sey ribbed— Boft and pliable— velvet fin- At Si 00 SOROSIS GLOVES, best A^.OKpGILT BUCKLES, latest Pari- ;
tra wlde^-Were-Wc, This .week:.*... :50c. ish— the -kind that' will- wear-colors— ¦ , •, *. ' V -V.ladies' glove made, Jbest • ri - t Btylea. ln Grecian and 1
A f OK^CHILDS' " DRAWERS; made pink, blue, red. white and black. Sizes P eked lamb, two-clasp, stitched back, Roman designs; warranted not to tar- ;
At *0C of best quality Lonsdaie cam- 4 to 6 inches. Our challenge prlcel.SSc l 1 Ll ha i e &T<? O w™£ r wearln & fl ,.f^ nl f h '' regular price, 60a Thl9 week's j
brie, tucked and embroidery trimmed. a /qq_ LADIES' VESTS AND mad «- T™ WEEK..... 81.OO price ............. ...^ .............2 oC [
Worth 40c. "This week 25c At JSC PANT^-made of the bestim- Af ROr c H J D 'S FUR T O P. At 5C
At?Rr OMO DRESS' SHIELDS -ported Peruvian yarn -fleece-lined - At OUC FLE ECED LINED GLOVES. sma n anTm-dSm^^^hA^^S^?;
At 4OC odorless-cpntains no rubber- closely knitted-medium weight-vests, ' best quality soft kid; one clasp, stitched "EM? 1 Thii wiJnSi nr?^ %£*? h™
the kind that can be washed. This . high neck and long sleeves-pants, ankle back; were fl. This week .....50c " . -« 0**™? # vVtt'o C /i i
week's price .......; .....23c : length and French ban J-colors-pink, . . - rt rp WT , TT , T „.„„.„ ~ Z, At 19C f^W^^F^'J 816 lei J^.
At OKa SIDECOMBS-Heavy. with ex- blui ahd gray-worth double. Our cW At IOC SwS^hwiiA"" S^il? 111^ 1 lf-« Vlw f^ nC^i d0 » tted^ !ie ?. he3 or pla i? :
At tra flne p O ii 8 hed teeth, looks lenge price :.. ....:... 3Oc vi^ri -rt^ w/»v b : 1^^^ 0 " ew complexion meshes; wero 35c
like the real tortoise shell. Our chal- A ..|r ft VELVET RIBBON satin This week lOc and 50c. THIS WEEK. lOc
lenge price ......25c At I5C bTck/ No. 1* beft blackfS At 1 0C S^£r C ? RDED ALL SILK At $1.00 J^gg
Af Gi/p LADIES' VERY BEST ALL- yards in piece; was 35C THIS WEEK -J, "^ RIBBON, in every swell color d tn new Vtralght front hanScnf
iL (I i^^rth 00^^',, 0^ 1^ 11 ' -•••*•• • • 15c ThTs bI w?ek n used: resular 25c< rlb S l S^SrMS&
sizes 13; 13%; worth 25c. This weekj... Ar «O OK LADIES' UNION SUITS— Tms weeK • .-'lOc This week Sl.OO 1
" ....... UVic At *£.£O m ade of the best silk and A t 50r CHILDREN'S DBNTON At $1 7R CUSHION made of -best 1
Af $Q Krt LADIES' ROBES, best wool— the kind that will not shrink in ¦ n - t JUU SLEEPING .GARMENTS— At 4>I./O art sateen or d en i m , nan a \
¦rw. y\j.\j\j q Ua nty wool ripple elder- washing— Swiss ribbed— ankle length— made of wool-mixed Jersey cloth— moc- embroidered with best silks, fancy all S
down, frog trimmed, pockets, waist Melba style— crocheted down the front— casin feet— the kind you can tie around silk ribbon ruffles. Many designs to q
cord; colors, red, gray and cadet; were the regular |4.00. quality. Our challenge fthe wrist— a sure preventive of coughs choose from. Were $10 THIS WEETC %
$5.- This week .........: $3.50 price ..$2.25 and colds. Our challenge price...... 50c 81.75 I
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
Praises Pyramid
Pile Guro.
Mrs. Aaron Medron of Savannah, Ga.. writes:
"I had piles and rectal trouble for years until
it was unbearable any longer.- As I had often
seen Pyramid Pile Cure advertised I determined
to try it, and for two years have never ceased
to congratulate myself tljat I did bo, for I •
have been entirely cured of rectal : troubles and
two of the Pyramid did It." ,
The Pyramid Pile Cure contains no cocaine,
opium nor any injurious drug. whatever, and is
absolutely safe, painless and never falls to cure
piles in any form. ¦ ;¦- <¦ ¦¦
Druggists' Bell : full sized treatment - of this
remedy for 60 cents. . . . • : ;
How to buy furniture and carpets with little money. J
We sell you the goods on credit without interest, and you I
can pay for them in small amounts that will not be felt. |
* Our stock is very large, everything in it is new, and a
the price is marked plainly on each article. For in- f
stance, if your purchases amount to $50.00 you pay us I
$10.00 cash and the balance in payments of $5.00 each I
month. We furnish complete homes, flats, hotels and ' I
rooming-houses in this way. We would like to give you J
an estimate. Free delivery in- Oakland, Alameda and 1
Berkeley. We close at six, except on Saturday. I
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.
338-342 POST STREET,
OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE.VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 25.— While the
steamer Majestic was backing from her
wharf here to-night, when, leaving for
Seattle, she left the channel and stranded
In < the mud. She is expected to float at
high tide in the morning.
Quite a sum of money was netted to the
fund devoted 'to charitable purposes by
the Doctor's r>auerhters. •
The final contest,- was between the blues
and the reds. >The; teams were made up
as follows: Blues^f-Zalacain, Amlano and
Madrileno. Reds— Leceta, . Lasa and' Alda
zabal. The latter team won by a score of
35 to 38. The blues were erratic in their
play, especially Madrileno,- who guarded
the back court. Lasa and Captain Leceta
were the bright particular stars. Lasa
was- clean cut -in his -returns and Leceta
"killed" with cleverness.
points and won out. Guerrita was second
with three points.' The game was the sur
vival of the fittest and was highly excit
ing.- - .,-.;.¦ ••-••.:'. ¦ •';¦¦/
Hibnhart'a Flaxseed \,: ;^.
Will cur* your couih. 60 cent, at all drugeUU.
Trapper*! OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.'
0rjcifl8t». SOc flaak. Richard * Co, 4M Clay. ' ' ;
The nobles of Islam Temple of, the An
cient Arabic Order of the Mystic Shrine
are making arrangements for a pilgrim
age, to the hot -sands of Visalla., The
camels to.be* used. by the strangers have
been forwarded to that place and are be
ing fattened for the occasion. .
Another Pilgrimage to Salinas.
Court Seal Rock's Entertainment.
Court Seal Rock of the 'Foresters of
America will be visited by. the wives . and
daughters of the : members February' 13,
when a valentine party will be given. The
social club • of the : court - has appointed a
committee -to arrange for a - picnic at
Scheutzen-Park. on the flrst'Sunday t. In
August. • • ¦ •
Arrest Causes ; Damage Suit.
John E. Talbutt, who was accused by
D. McCarthy : of stealing a watch from
him. in a- saloon at the corner of Powell
and Market streets., and who was ;ar
rested by Policeman Harry Hook on 'a
charge of grand • larceny, filed a suit
against McCarthy yesterday , for $10,000
aamages for false imprisonment. Talbutt
was released shortly after his arrest, as
It; v-as found that McCarthy had left his
watch. at the hotelw where he fr&s stop
ping. •-¦¦' ..-¦-< ¦-..— ¦
Mrs. Richardson was Mndicted for mur
der in the first degree, and the State en
deavored, to prove, as a motive that she
had sustained improper relations with
Stewart Fire, a young Insurance man, and
a former business associate of Richard
son. *ife was arrested ¦ recently at North
Yakima, Wash., on a charge of complicity
in the crime, and i3 now in jail at Savan
nah awaiting trial. . .-.
A dramatic scene followed the rendering
of the verdict. Mrs.jRichardson was over
whelmed with congratulations - from
friends who had crowded the courtroom
to await the arrival of the jury.
Th.e jury went out at 3:30 o'clock and re
turned with a verdict thirty-five minutes
later. , ¦ ¦ ¦ . ; . . • -, • — ," .¦».».¦.;¦:,-;
PLATTSBURG, Mo., Jan. 2oT— Mrs. Ad
dle Richardson was this afternoon acquit
ted of th^ charge' of murdering her hus
band, Frank W. Richardson, a wealthy
merchant,, who was shot and killed on
Christmas eve. 1900. as he was entering
his home, at Savannah, Mo. ;;¦-:*,¦¦-•
Secretary Wilson spoke in support of
his Recommendation. Delegate Burke sa\
that postofflces were in "company stores,"
and sometimes the miners did not get the
papers at ail.'. Other, delegates declared
that «their letters were always two or
three weeks behind time, and sometimes
did not reach them at all. The recom
mendation was adopted, but no action was
taken on the question of delay In the
"""The committee on resolutions submitted,
with a -refusal to. concur, a resolution to
the effect that the district of Iowa, be per
mitted to take part in the interstate
loint conference between operators and
miners to be held in 1903.' The resolution
was strongly supported by the Iowa dele
gates Discussion on this resolution con
tinued through a great part of the fore
noon cession. . _ '
George V. Maxwell of Chicago, executive
chairman of the National Irrigation As
sociation, was introduced by President
Mitchell and addressed the convention on
the necessity of 'the labor organizations
of the country uniting In a demand that
Congress take steps toward irrigating tnc
great arid lands of the West for the pur
pose of saving lands for homes. He spoke,
against letting vast tracts of Western
land to capitalists, who, he said, fenced
it in and held it for a long period of
years. ' - :¦'*¦¦¦¦¦. .
INDIANAPOLIS. Jan. 25.— At to-day's
session of th« United Mine Workers' con
vention Secretary j Wilson recommended
that local unions be required to take the
Mine Workers' Journal, and that notice3
to local unions be printed in the Journal.
Mrs. Richardson Found
Not Guilty of Murder .
t of Husband.
Mine- Workers Talk of
the Newspaper of
Their Order.
DRAMATIC SCENE
AFTER ACQUITTAL
to 24. Guerrita showed his old-time cham
pionship form and Tucuman, though a
trifle fat, did clever work.
The second game was a "quiniela," or
tournament. The players were Vergara,
Urcelay. Careaga, Ondarres, Guerrita and
Tucuman. Urcelay was first to score six
MEMBERS OF EXCLUSIVE SET
WATCHING BASQUE BALL
PLAYERS. .
UNIONS MUST
BE SUBSCRIBERS
chill . the enthusiasm.. . The ex
ponents of basque ball gave a wonderful
exhibition of their skill with the "Chls
tera" for the benefit of .the' Doctor's
Daughters. : The ' ladles particularly en-
Joyed the contest when some player did
high and lofty tumbling In striving to-re
turn the "pelota" or ball. The boxes were
crowded with ' pretty girls and their es
corts. Joseph Tobln, Tom Magee and a
few others who have taken up the game
showed their familiarity with the players
and plays by shouting Spanish words of
approval when a difficult "kill" was made
or some clever back-court work was done.
Judge Hunt lent his judicial presence and
thought the game was more Interesting
than listening to testimony. - Colonel.Ful
ton Berry of Fresno . dropped in In hope
of seeing a knockout, but he was, disap
pointed. Mountford Wilson wore arctic
shoes, and heavy gloves and tried to be
come enthusiastic, but no one could hear
his applause or shuffle. • .
When the contests opened Old Sol gra
ciously beamed on those seated in the
boxes, but as the day waned he gradually
moved up a peg until he heated - the
bleachers. There was a sudden stampede
after the- first game and the smart eet
condescended to sit with the gallery gods,
all for the sake of keeping warm.
The first game was between Tucuman,
Guerrita and Zabala against Urcelay, Ver
astegul and Ondarres. The former won
after a spirited contest by a score of 30
SOCIETY people suffered from the
cold during the playing of ".Eder
.Jal" at Central Park yesterday,
but it .was not cold enough to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, : JANUARY 26, 1902.
Members of the Smart Shiver in a Nipping Air,
*\ but Appreciate the Efforts of the Players.
SOCIETY GRACES BASQUE BALL
GAMES TO AID WORTHY CAUSE
26
'J'j'y'j :' ~ '.'¦•• '" , ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
— ~ — ¦ ¦ — '
„ '-. »." '. — —^ — .
¦ -On: MONDAY, January 27th, we will place on
• sale the following lines of aoods, all of which
' will "he found EXTRAORDINARY VALUES.
18 pieces 54 and 58 INCH EXTRA HEAVY WEIGHT
BLACK ENGLISH CHEVIOT, sultafile for Walking Skirts
and Outing Suits. Price to close - .'
Sl.OO Yard.
One case (20 pieces)' 37-INCH ALL-WOOL HOMESPUN
CHEVIOT, In mixed colors, such as Grags, Browns, Tans,
Blues and Red. These are new goods and will ds sold at
>*- 5Oc Yard.
'75 FRENCH AND ENGLISH IMPORTED DRESS PAT-
TERNS, these are all wool and silk and wool, hotli
figured and striped effects. Prices were $12.00 and
$15.00 each, Price to close
r S6.OO PATTERN.
18 pieces GENUINE AMAZON CLOTH/ln # all. the principal
shades— Navus, Reds,- Browns, Gpaps, Tans, also Black.
The goods are full 50 inches wide. Price
v Sl.OO Yard.
3 cases full Size MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, satin
finish, Yeru handsome designs- and hemmed* readu fop
use. They are In Plain White, Plrik and White and
Blue and; White, and this lot will he sold at
125 pieces PRINTED PARIS WAIST CLOTHS, In a good
' yarlety of designs, These are the goods we haye sold all
this season at 12ic per uard." This lot at
• All 'Remnants of COLORED AND BLACK DRESS X 6'&0DS
. from M uards to 7 ua'rds In length placed on our center
counters and marked at Yeru low pricss.
Hi; 113, 115, \m 119, 121 POST STREET.
The "Dr. JjT: *y&. Aldan Etoetrlo
Belt" (with. ~^\?>,>"^fe • n a p • n sory) is
guaranteed to possess ail fh»
curative properties of tho - expensive beiu
now sold by doctors and druggists, it gtr%%
a" very strong current of electricity and 19
easily regulated. Bound to - supersede
others. Can be had from tha undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call <f r address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 206 Poik s t.. Saa FrancUco, or
1145 Broadway. New Tork.
v ££^ WONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
t^J SANITARIUM.
Jg||\ 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal,
\ LL DISEASES CURB©
,*/fJt ;jj]»£i>" /-\ exclusively by Chin***
herbs, over 3000 varieties being; used. Hour*
9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 2 and 7 to 9 p. m.
(1 1)
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. :
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
T f WIT SflV * fft MO B*ttery Strm.
J« U nlLJUll g til.. Telephone MsJta lOi.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. "*
IA^ RftYF^*fA Bhlppln» Butchers. 104
JA3' DUICjgWU Clay/ Tel M»m 12»*.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1710.
' PRINTING.
E-CBUGHES n i«gg?R*y-
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
S3 First street. San Franelwo.
\\ Offers everything connected
1 1 with the care It the eye.
I Factory o > premises. Quick
" \\ repairing.: Oculists prescriptions
' J I filled. Phone Main io. .
©642nMARRBrST.^S'
DR. MCNULTYT
rr>HIS WELL-KNOWJT AND RKLIABLE OLD
.L Specialist cure* Blood Poison, (lonorrhoea.Gleet,
Strlctur.% seniinul Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Dlaorders. Hook on Diseases of Men, free.
OveriOyedrn'riperleiice. Terms reasonable. Hours,
9to3dally;6:30to8.30ev'K.<i.ROnd»Vs,10tol2. Consul-
Utiou free and sacredly confldentlaL. Call or address
P. AOHCOE McNUIiTY, M.D.
26»£ KcarnyMt,, San Francisco, Cal.
• »•••••••••••••• » ?
< Your Fortune Told free, !
' ! RV THF 7AM if Astrology reveals your "
' Dl inC iUiilAL life. We will send you '
'a Horoscope Reading of your life, and a '
. ' most Interesting Book on Astrology. If you
' send the date of your birth and a stamp for ,
1 return postage. Our readings have made ,
I oeople happy and full of hope and success.
.Address MAGAZINE OF MYSTERIES, 22
. North William SU'N. Y.;Ciy : . _ . J '
D^flALL'S REINYIG0RAT0RRR9S
Stops all loses in 24 hours. Five ftSsTnBfw
hundred reward for any case we . »¦•*¦ "*^K
cannot cure. This secret remedy H __S
cures Emissions, Jmpotency, K5S ESS
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, |7T-J Riffi
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- LU&J UXt
hood and all other wasting ef- BfiSg) Rjg
fects of self-abuse or excesses. aSuS^SMSC
Sent sealed. (2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5: guaranteed
to cure any case. , Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 655 Broad-
way. Oakland.' Cal. Also for sale at 1073 Vi
Market st.. S. F. Send tor free book. .;.•;
rinriiinnn Cut to length,
L U L I Af II M I *2.00. delivered.
I I H I Vl/ I I I I I E C - PITCHER
I < I L 1 1 U U U PLANING MILLS.
WE OWN OUR OWN BUILDING-WE PAY NO RENT.
~~——~ ¦ ¦ THF NFWFST
"furnituce
'^^^^ Wss& \W$nimm Mattings, Draperies. Oilcloths]
Linoleums, etc. If you haven't
™ gver il ZT fcl £Epr^ a lon S- You "won't have to bor-
e VAOn j r-pJJV > T< Ttxv»c row any ' either - Your crcdi « »
LLL l ~ *IME- good here— try us and see—oar
prices will suit you. too.
Free Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley^
THEJ. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., Inc..
1C17.-1023 Mission Stre;t. obove Sixth, Ran Franclsso.
• WECLOSB A T 6 P. M, BV5RY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
ADVE3TISE2IENTB.'
ill' P Nfo^i" Otilv I vM
§! I O>VCli oUlld ; /At.
%t\ In the New 1902 Smart Colorings, - IS
11 but- in fabrics that'll war like iron — i7vd. muv is ¦
gi that you'd at any timcbe willing to pay $5 for, lift
||J1 and they're, worth it, every cent of it You, jffl.-
Snir know the sort of suits that are built right, that Jin
mi are built snta.rt, that tjie smart chaps like. No' Ih
3ij those cheap, ordinary looking suits, but sioits ' ml
§y I right up to the minute in point of fashion. „ tM'
IT MIGHT nr\n To talh iboui Straw Hiis this ti-mt
II MlbHI bUUMJ UUU ofyeartbU/l ou , r7t , w spring styles
in Children's Sailor Straws, and in the yacht shapes, in fact
nil the prettu novelties for spring, are in. Wz f re showing 'em.
We're ahravs ahead of 'em all. ; . ' . .'. : • " |
j' .- s^' .............. .. ¦ '
\oJ V'lN vJil 1 -- ¦ '
m* *• - OF «'• ' v , ¦'•/•¦ ¦ •
8 New -Sailors in Port! I r
I A BUNCH OF SPRING SAILORS I
m Just arrivedi~~the new 1002 ideas in mike nnd \
* i rimmi/ngs~~cute'i/deas, mi/i *"t cotic'pHon,it. «7V**vf -"• I
f : tvi*- '• O'i of trimmings.. tOKED IN FRONT AND BACK. r-lV
m BLAUTIFULLY PIPED. In fine serge fabrics; ¦ every seam \-Vl7>
M in the blouse and trousers re-enforced and tapzd • ¦
Rj Golf Red, Royal Blue, Olive Bronze, Light Tan, Navy -a
5 Blue, the New Bright Spring Shades.* \
I SUJc L<tny ard and ~Whis*ip. xvi h every suit. %
¦ »dges 25£ to 10 years. $7 .50 Snilon. \
1 c t? j *- *S"trdct ssid I
|; Perfection " f
(r Hygienic \
J Made according \
j to the highest hy- 1
1 gienic principles. •/ ;
\w and insure the per- Ji
Og fection ofcomfor Gk
Is^ and beauty. TheyC^T
I; vjdo no; distort na- Y
r ture, but accord \
Y; with, correct f 00 / ;
J anatomy, j. T hey /
J:. permit a . perfect \
I fit for every foot v S
I -—a ; style for every - I
\\^ occasion. JJi
I MANUFACTURERS. '1
L. : l 9 and II SansomeSt. I
; *\ Factory, 134 and'"136 A f
?:j 'Main st.,-. San '- Francis- f ••'
W -."-.' If ;; your /dealer does ¦r'^V
- I . . not carry the-. PHIT-U f ~
• I C^ Shoe.:write direct to . I
1/5JI the manufacturers. De- » /
/ &£A 5 llvered to any part ef i*rs/i
%££?/ the United States •> r /iS#K -
Canada on receipt of $4 \SjCvMiss Grace McKlnley. Miss Jannla McMil
lan. Miss Emma McMillan, Mr. and Mrs. Me-
Gaw. George B. McBrtde, D. McColgaa. Mlsa
McColgan. Miss Jennie McFarland.
Mr. and Mrs. William Skatts Noyes, Mr. and-
Mrs. H. H. Noble.
Mr. and Mrs. D Osborn, Miss Clara O'Brien.
Joseph O'Brien; Rev. J. U CNeil, Mr. and
Mrs. Osgood, Governor and Mrs. 'B. B. >OdeU,
Mr. and Mrs. William D. CKane, William, IX
O'Connor.
Percy Pettigrew, Mra. Pettigrew. ills*
Phoebe Painter, Dr. Gardner Perry Pond. Mr.
and Mrs. Stafford Parker. John Partridge. Mr.
and Mrs. , Charles M. Plum. Mr. and Mra. W.
H. Pierson. Mrs. Timothy Guy Phelpa. Mr. and
Mrs. John -Waterman Phillips, Mr. and Mrs.
George H.'Pippy, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Pea
body. . .'¦'¦'
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Rose. Mr. and Mrs. Ju
lius Reiss, the Misses Rets. Mr. and Mrs.
A. J. Ralston. Dr. and Mrs. Martta Regens
burger. . ¦¦
Mr. and Mra. Charles J. Stovel, Mr. and
Mrs. Julian Sonntag, Colonel Charles Soon
tag, Mr. and Mrs. John Spruance, Mr. and
Mrs. A. D. Sharon, Miss May Sharon. Mr. and
Mrs. C. O. Scott. Consul and Mrs. John Simp
son, Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Shaw. Mr. and Mrs.
W. Stoddard Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Scott, Dr.
W. Sullivan. Mrs. Sullivan. Miss Sullivan,
James Sweeney, Mra. J. Stoutenbursh, " Miss
Minnie Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Frank A. Scott,
tha Misses Scott, C. Smith. Mr. and Mrs. G.
B. Soxners. Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Slmes. Miss
Simes, Hon. and Mrs. Joseph S. Spear Jr.. Mrs.
nissf India Scott and Arthur Whipple 5pear
• Are of a Large
Qathering of Friends.
PROMINENT SOCIETY COUPLE
ARE MADE ONE AT BRILLIANT
PINK AND WHITE WEDDING
'NEW GENERAL MANAGER OF
THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST
RAILWAY. .
POPULAR SAN : FRANCISCO. COUPLE WHO WEDDED UNDER A ROSE BOWER .IN THE BRIDE'S HOME,
I AND. ANOTHER CHARMING MEMBER OF SOCIETY -WHO IS WORKING FOR THE HOSPITAL^ BENEFIT ON
THURSDAY NEXT. " ; • ¦ • ¦ . , I " i
SALEM. Or.. Jan. 25. — Governor Geer to-day
refused to interfere in the cases of "Wade and
Dalton. -who are to be banged in • Portland
next Friday for the murder of James B. Mor
row. -. .- . .--•: • • -.- ¦--¦..--,;.--; ; .7?>;,i'
"=.Tlie 'California Camera -Club ".and ¦ th a
Columbia Park .Boys' ¦ Club will •' also have
exhibits during the carnival. ¦ ¦ . .
-iMrB.'C E. Martllngr. Mrs.tW. At Deane, ' Mrs.
A. McCabe, -:¦ Mrs. •-' Allan ¦"• Abbott. ' Mrs. ' Rose
Mrs.^ Harriet .Welch, , : Mrs. A. H. ?. Brod,- Mrs.
C Hildebrand. Mrs.:; W.;C.-:: Morrow, , M rs.
Riedy./Dr. Steers, Mrs. WaterB and Mrs. Mel
viiie.-v.... -¦...¦ . --.;•".¦¦;¦¦ ¦/..¦ ¦. .¦ . .-, - - . . . - . ;
Effort "will beimade to have llrs. Wil
liam Rels = of .835 California street exhibit
her rare Siamese, cats.
.The following ladies will serve as the
committee in : charge."* ; i- - . ; ,
Continued on Page Twenty-Eight.
Miss M. Crossen, San Jose; Mrs. W. A. Deane,
Mies Maude Smith, Mrs. . Hildebrand and Mrs
H. McCrftcken of the Presidio Catery, 3313 Clay
street, who C will have at least twenty . speci
mens -of , r the Angora breed In whites, blacto ¦
chinchillas, reds, tortoise, shell, .«tc. , -' .
-Mrs. Martling, fourteen entries fine Angoras,
Mrs. Brod.' aix e'ntries; Mrs. . Morrow, Bhort
halred cats: Mr». A. McCabe, Mrs. Fredericks
and Mrs. Dr/Bichwadt of Alameda; Mra. Greg
ory, Santa Bosa;: Mrs. . C. Gwynne; - Dr.' Shu
mate, Mrs. S. F. Van Tress, San- Francisco;
- The newly, organized Pacific Cat Club
has decided to hold Its annual cat show
during ¦ the carnival.. The management
has decided to erect benches and provide
all accessories for the proper care of the
cats. A special prize of a loving- cup or
engraved pedestal, will be awarded by
vote to the most popular cat. Those who
have so far -made entries are the follow
ing named: . ' f _.,...
¦¦ Mrs. Emma A. Scholfleld ichalronan), Mrs"
. Emma Terry, Mrs. Emma Fygler, Mrs Laura
Shuttleworth, Mrs. Ella Dwight, Miss Maudo
Whlgham, Mrs. Grace Bray, Mrs. Ida Mcr
credy. Mrs. Maida Onley and Mrs. Drusa Rob
ertsbn. ¦' ¦ • ' , . ¦ . ¦ ..
, ! San Francisco Temple of the Rathbone
Sisters has secured%space for, a booth In
the Juvenile Fairyland Carnival,' which
will open next month in the Mechanics'
Pavilion.- It will be in charge of the fol
lowing 'committee: - . v
"We. the jury, with the evidence before
us are unable to determine the responsi
bility for the-disaster."
The witnesses examined were' Captain
Benoist of the Max. .Captain Hall of the
Walla Walla, Captain Swan, a passenger;
J. W. Ettershank, quartermaster of the
Walla Walla: J. Sells and Frank Haugh
wort, oiler of the Walla Walla. * •
- No , facts were elicited In addition to
those already brought out in the exam
ination before the United States inspect
ors of steam vessels. ¦ • ;
. The testimony^ taken' yesterday • before
the Coroner's Jury in the matter of the
death of James A. - Gallagher) one of the
shipwrecked passengers on' the Eteamship
Walla Walla, sunk in a., collision:, by...-- tha
French bark Max pn January 2'. was nV»t
sufficiently clear- to throw any light upon
the cause of the collision, for the Jury, re
turned a verdict as follows: ! -
P. D. Williams of 2244 Twenty-third
Etreet, a signal repairer in the service of
the Southern Pacific Company, was the
victim of a railroad accident yesterday
morning. He had been out to Ocean View
on his railroad velocipede repairing signal
•wires, and on returning stopped at a.
curve a mile north of Ocean View to make
eome repairs. The point at which he was
working Is Invisible to the engineer of a
train 200 yards distant, and train No. 15
crashed into . the velocipede, knocking- It
against Williams and crushing his head.
The wounded man was taken to the
Third and Townsend streets depot, thence
In an ambulance to the Central Emer
gency Hospital. He died on the way.
.ITo Time to Be Lost.
/The A. Brick bankrupt clothing stock
4 s going : fast- Do not delay, but come
7iCd gret your all-wool men's suits, worth
«L£<X), for only $4.C5. at the bankrupt
slothing sale of the Boston, 773 Market
(treet, near Fourth. . •
Cat Show Will Be One
of the Features of
the Carnival.
Coroner's Jury Unable
to Fix the; Blame for
the Disaster.
Signal Repairer's Skull Is
Crushed in Peculiar
Manner.
THE home wedding. of Miss India
Willis Scott and\Arthur W. Spear
last evening was a beautiful af
fair and one long to be . remem
bered The residence of the
bride's aunt, Mrs. William Willis,- 1840'
California street, was elaborately deco
rated for the '-important- event- and > 235
friends were Invited, to' witness the cere
mony and enjoy the festivities. It , was a
pink and white wedding and the drawing
rooms suggested . a veritable garden, of
Eden Besides the wealth of foliage, pink
roses were lavishly festooned with. dainty
sashes of pink tulle ¦ and j satin ribbon. .
Thethappylcouple stood in the bridal
bower under* a floral latticed canopy
while the Rev\ Bradford Leavitt of the
First Unitarian Church made them hus
bandI and "Wife. ••.Mr.. WilUs save the
? Thp Trfdal robe was of .white panne
crept,' cut en train,' with a shower of chif.
f on mffles on the ' skirt. I The bodice had
a. voke of tucked moussellne de sole and
a bertha of duchesse lace. There. was a
voke of > this lace about the hips and a
iabot of the same . extending f rom +; the
edge of the bodice yoke ;to .the train of
thf skirt. The veil was or white tulle."
held in the hair with orange blossoms and
also trimmed at the edges with tiny-clus
ters of orange blossoms. The bride wore
no jewels/ but carried a shower bouquet
°^ e %mS^^^ imported gown of
cream-colored Renaissance,, ace over
whftT chiffon and > silk, with violets, and
but Mi ? «
T^uise Lord. -U years of, age, wns mal
of honorv^ She was 'daintilyi crowned ;Jn
««i,u tiirk*»d batiste. 1 cut decollete., and
? r rmmedfwith rolettes and^a jabot .of
nink^relvet babv ribbon. .The ¦ skirt ¦ had
tlnv ruffles of Valenciennes lace
She carried a shower ,* bouquet of. Cecil
B L"tUe 'mIS' ' Marion ! Stbvel, was ; flower
bearer and 'was ' nrettily • attired in whte
moussellne ' de • sole . over • - whUe ,¦ taffeta.
She "carried a pink ; basket flljed with "rose
petals 'The entire color scheme was moat
5
for a short wedding trip, after .which they
will go at once ; to their new home 911 Sut
te Frfend e s tv wiii ; b«> ' received Tuesdays '! In
April at 1340 CaJifornia- street. "•••.' ••- --"¦
r The. guests' Invited to, witness ; the ¦ mar
riage:.'were: /.-¦;¦.¦¦;..¦- -•..• ••, ,/-,¦•• 'ii- '--. •;
Mr. and Mrs. E. T; Allen;' Mr.', and .Mrs."
Austin Arnold,' W. F. Aldrich, , Dr.' and Mrs.".
Alford, Miss Alford. . . • ."-•-,¦ , T - V :
-wMr ' ani- Mrs. John ' F.-^.Boyd,- Miss .Louise
Boyd, John; Boyrt.'i Mr. and.Mrs.:Clement«Ben
1 nett; Mr. and Mrs. \ Alexander :Boyd, ;Clalr,
¦ Mr. . a"d Mrs. Charles. Frederic Mul!ln3. Ml5>»
Maud ¦ Mulllna. ,- Mr. '. and Mrs. ¦ G.-- E. Morse.
Louis' Martel. f Miss Adele Martel. Mrs. , M.
Moss. Mips :Kate~Mihan. Mr. .and Mrs. Harry
Bice Mann.: Mrs. William H. Mills, Mr. and
Mrs, CTarrnoe.M Main. Rev. C. D. Mllllk'n.
Mr ..' and j Mrs. John Mitchell." C. . L. Mead. Mr.
nnd Mrs. .Charles M«r<1ock." Mr. and Mrs/ Wll-
Hs Mb thews "Dr.'»»nd Mrs. H. E. Morrison. Mr.
nnd Mrs. H. J- Maxwell. ; Dr. W1 J " Martin.
Mr.' and Mrs, Joseph M. . Masten, /*
;- 1 Mr. and Mrs. H. E.' Huntington, Mr. and Mrs.
Hlckox, Charles C. Hoag. Mr. and Mrs. W. r>.
Haslam.'Mlas Haslam, Mrs. H. ¦ N". Havllanrl.
Miss Clara Huntington, Miss Klizabeth Hunt
ington,':,Mr. and Mm. Howard Holmes, Jlr.
'and ;¦. Mrs.'-' Hastinps, Miss Jenr.'e Huntsman,
Judge and- Mrs. John Hunt,* Mr. and Mrs.
Theodore Cornell Hall, Judge and Mrs. S. P.
Hal>. Miss Hall.- Whlpple Kail, Mr. *and Mrs.
W."B; -Hamilton. " ,. .*
•Mr. -and Mrs.' James Irvine. ¦ .
". ' . Rev. ¦ John = Jones, W. . P. . Jeffries, : Mrs. . Re
becca Jennings. ¦ .
\Captaln and Mm. Persey M. -.Kessler, Mr.
and Mrs. George- A.- Knight, Mr.^and Mrs. F*.
S. Knight. Charles Knight. Mr. and Mrs. F.
-W. -KeHey.H. KlrRpa trick. -, . ...
¦».Mr; nnd -Mrs.-.wnilam>M.- Lent. Mrs. Fannie
Lent. Mr. • and Mrs. Eugene Lent, : Mrs. . Ida
Lewjs. Dr/ and. Mrs. L. C. Lane. Rev. and
Mrs. Bradford Lcavltt. Rev." and Mrs. Edgar
J.' Lion, ¦¦ Mr." and : Mrs.- .Lansre, Milton S.
Latham.* Mrs. - J. • K. : Lord. Miss Louise Lord.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Gallatln. Miss. Llta
Gallatln. • Bert Gallatln, Mr_ and Mrs. .William
Giselman, Mrs. James Monroe Goewey. Mr.
and Mrs. Carl Gross, Mr. ¦• and Mrs. Seconds
Guastl, ¦ Mr. and Mrs. ¦ E. Godfrey. Mr. and
Mrs. W. L. Godfrey.- Mrs. C. J. Godfrey, MI33
Godfrey, Miss. Eula Godfrey.
Misses Feldniann. ', Mr. and Mrs. M. H.
Flint. 'Hon. Geonte Fuller. Minister and
Mmei'Wu Ting Fang. Clarence Follis.
Dr. and Mrs. C. N. Ellinwood. Mrs. S. T.
Enos, Judge and Mrs. M. M.- Fstee, /- Miss
Earl. ..-,.•,
Dr. . John Rodsrers Clark, Mr. and Mrs. B."
B. Cunningham, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur V. Cal
laghan, Mrs. John Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. Cald
well. Miss Church. Mr. and' Mrs. J. C. Camp
bell, Miss Gertrude Campbell. Miss M. E. Cal
lahan, Mrs.. E. A. Cox, Major Choate, Mr.
and Mrs. P. B. Cornwall. Mr. and Mrs. W. R.
Cole, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Campbell, Mr.
John- Ceffery, - Colonel and Mrs. Coolidge.
• Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Dingee. Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Doherty, Mr- and Mrs. M. H. de
Young, Misa Helen de Young. Mr. and Mrs.
Margaret Deane, Miss Mamie Deane, Mr. and
Mrs. - William Decmer, . Mrs. Dormann. Dr.
and ,' Mn.. C r F. Deane, Dr. Louis C. • Deane.
Captain and Mi». ¦ Grayson Dutton, ¦ Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Denntean. Frank Dougherty, E.
Doucherty, . Colonel and Mrs. Jefferson Doo
little, /Miss L. Mlldrad Dougherty, Colonel
Davis.' ... V .... .. .
Boyd. Mra. L. H. Bryan, Mr. and Mrs. O. D.
Baldwin, Miss Buckingham, Mr. and Mrs. A.
G. Booth, Mr. Barnard. T. I. Berlin. Mr. and
Mrs. James D. Bailey, . Miss ' Bailey, • Mr. and
Mrs. Bruce Bonny, Captain and Mrs. M. Burns.
Colonel and Mrs. Barry, Dr. and Mrs... A.
Barkan, Mr. jind Mrs. Kenneth P. Barnard,
George Bowers, Mme. Buftandeau, Miss Buf
fandeau. General and Mrs. Samuel W. Back
us, Howard Blethen. < . >
Mrs. Frederick A. Hatch gave the first
of a series of card parties at her studio
yesterday afternoon. An interesting game
of -whist was Enjoyed, The prtze3 ¦were a
hand-painted jewel' case and a card case
of leather. Those present were: Mrs.
James Hatch. Mrs. Edward Hatch. Mrs.
Horace H. Newell, Mrs. R. Slocum, Mm.
Staab, Mrs. Hasty, Mrs. H. B. Sinclair,
Mrs. George Bailey, ¦ Mrs. Cnarles Gard
ner, "Mrs. Charles Greene, Mrs. 2dL IS.
Leonard and Mida Campbell.
* • •
"Mrs. R. H. Warfleld Is giving an enjoy
able i house party on Mount Tamalpais to
forty -eight friends in honor of her son.
J. V. Warfiejd, It being his twenty-first
birthday. The party -left on a special
train yesterday afternoon at 4:15. Many
original ideas in entertainment and favors
awaited the guests, affording a. great deal
of merriment. -Then, too, a number of
the party had arranged surprises for their
young host, which added to the round of,
pleasure. An» informal dance occupied
most of the evening. This morning after
breakfast there will be an out-of-tloor af
fair for ' the guests, and the special will
bring them safely home this afternoon.
Miss Florence Dresbach. Miss Florence
Ewir.g, Mrs. Charles Suydam, Miss Georgia
Spieker. Miss Lucile Smith, Miss Alice Breeze,
Mis? Elsie Harrison. Miss. Juliette Smith. Mlsa
Carrie ' Ayers, Miss Irma Dresbach, Mrs.
Henry Hale Fuller.
Mrs. W. S. Leake gave a luncheon yes- <
terday at the Palace Hotel In honor of
Miss Florence Dresbach- ' Covers were '
laid for twelve and the decorations were
spring flowers. . The color schema was
yellow, including daffodils and soft yellow
shades in the candelabra. The favors
were silver hearts. A surprise awaited
the guests when they had finished a
dainty luncheon, as Mrs. Leake had also
planned a box party at the Columbia
Theater. "Princess Chic" afforded enter
tainment for the afternoon. Those pres
ent were: '
• • •
Mary Adele Spear, Miss Spear, Chauncey M.
St. John, Major George F. Shlela. Colonel '
Jesse J. Smith. Mr. and Mrs. Henry P. Sonn
tag, Mr. and Mrs. Monroe Salisbury. - .
' Oscar Tolle. Captain and Mrs. T. G. Taylor.
Mr. and Mrs. H. B. UnderhiU, Miss Under
hlll. .. , • : ¦ .• . ' v .;
•Mr. and Mrs. "Walter Van Bergln, Mr.- and
Mrs. .Van Wyck, Miss Gertrude Van Wyck.
Mr. and Mrs. .William 8. .Wood, B. Wood.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Woodman. Mr. and Mrs.
G. R. Wells. Miss Marte ."Wells, Mr. and Mrs.
F. * I*. Whitney. Miss Whitney, , Mr. . and . Mr*.
Asa R. Wells, Mrs, S. Wenban, Mr. and
Mrs. W. Willis, Dr. and Mrs. A. turner. Miss
Warner, Mr. and Mr%. Judson G. -Wells,
i Mr. and Mrs. John P. Young. Mrs.. Kata
Staples Yemans, Imperial Chinese Consul Ho
Yow. . *
MEETS DEATH
AT FATAL CURVE
The selection of Fillmore for the respon
elble position was under consideration by
President John Martin of the Xorth Pa
cific Coast Hne for some time past. Al
though Fillmore had r.ot solicited the x ap
pointment his reputation as a railroad
zaan brought him Into favorable notice,
end on Thursday President Martin formal
ly offered him the place. Fillroore took
time to consider the matter, and yester
day announced his willingness to accept
the post If the salary was suitable. Presi
dent Martin told him to fix his own sal
ary, which he did. The terms were satis-
ago, was yesterday appointed
reneral manager of the North Pacific
Coast Railway, the appointment to go
into effect to-morrow.
-ry A- FILLMORE, for many years
I J general manager of the Soutn
i I ern Pacific, from which position
f^J/ O he resigned some six months
WALLA WALLA
WRECK A PUZZLE
Flllmore's selection for the important
post ¦will be gratifying to his many friends
as well as to those who -witnessed his re
tirement from the Southern Pacific with
regret. He had been connected with that
company for thirty years, and he res : gned
with the direct understanding that he'
would receive $500 a month during his re
tirement. The company failed to keep
this agreement, for reasons best known to
the management. When the offer to man
age the affairs of the North'Pacific Coast
line was made to Fillmore he promptly
accepted it. Fillmore will assume his du-
factory and President Martin ' made the
appointment without loss of time. '
"I regard the appointment as one which
will be satisfactory to the traveling pub
lic," said President Martin yesterday.
"Manager Fillmore is one of the best rail
way men In the United States, and we are
glad to Eecure his services. His' ability
will be of great service to the company
now that it has been decided to make
many improvements."
FRISKY FELINES
IN FAIRYLAND
General Manager Fillmore will devote
the greater part of his official time to the
prosecution of these improvements. That
they will result in improving the trans
portation facilities for. the residents of
Mill Valley and other points along the
route goes without saying. ..;___
ties to-morrow at the company's offices at,
14 Sansome street, but -as soon as the
Hay wards building Is ready for occupancy
the offices .will be removed to that com
modious structure.
Since the North Pacific Coast line was
purchased by a syndicate, composed of
Messrs. R. R. Colgate, R. M. Hotaling
William M. Pierson, C. A. Grow. E. J. de
Sabla Jr. and John Martin, the prelimin
ary, work of improving the line has been
progressing steadily. The road will be
modernized in every respect by making it
standard gauge from Sausalito to San An
selmo, with double track. The motive
power will be electricity. Arrangements
for cutting the ties have already been
made and they are being furnished. The
rails have also been ordered, those de
signed for use in the mountains being
sixty-five pounds in weight, while thqse
that are to be laid in tho valleys will have
a ¦weight - of seventy pounds. The mate
rials for the improvements are now on the '
way to the ground, so that within a few
months the residents along the route will
witness a complete transformation of the
line. - . ' ; - »¦ • .
Attorney Ruef, on behalf; of Mayor
Schmitz and Powcl Fredrick, filed a de
murrer, to "the writ, .the principal points
advanced being that the acts of the,Maj
or were not judicial and -therefore could
not be subject to review, tj*- the couri.
Ruef informed Judge (%>k | that in 're
gard to the portion of the writ restrain
ing the Mayor and Fredrick - from further
proceedings. It was his Intention to make
a return on the same and serve copies on
Attorney Rlordan and former Clerk Wil
liams and asked for a continuance.
A ! conference between counsel finally re
sulted ".in an, agreement that each side to
the Justices' clerk r imbroglio -would re
main passive until | Judge Cook heard tho
arguments on the writ of certiorari.' By
consent of all ¦ parties, - Judge : Cook then
set the hearing of the writ of review for
next Friday morning. , ' ... - .
Under the. terms of the verbal stipula
tion.' Mayor- Schmitz will -not- place "Wil
liams on trial' Monday, and the suspended
clerk- and his attorney, Riordarr, will not
Files Demurrer to Writ.
¦ In hearing the contempt . proceedings
Judge Cook would not' allow any . argu
ments as to whether the, Mayor had the
power to suspend and remove Williams
and'name his successor.. That point is to
be decided on -the arguments and hearing
of the writ of certiorari. . - ?
Having disposed of the contempt pro
ceedings. Judge . Cook took , up the hear
ing, of the , writ of ' certiorari. The writ
simply -gives the court the power to re
view the acts of Mayor Schmitz in sus
pending Williams from office and appoint
ing Fredrick in .his place, and . at the
same time . restrains the Mayor from
placing Williams on trial until after the
review by the court.
Therefore, I fail to '.- find that the evidence
tef oro me shows that Mr. ' Fredrick did any
thing in contempt of the writ issued out of
this court. Let the order. to show cause b-.j
vacated.
If that order was given by the direction of
the Mayor I am clearly, of the opinion that
ithe Mayor would be in contempt Of this court
and I would not hesitate to so adjudge, but
the Mayor, has not. been brought .before, this
court for contempt of this e er and there Is
nothing before the court to sl. u w that the clerk
of the Mayor was authorized to give the order
which was given to, the policemen. Certainly
Mr. Fredrick gave no order. He did i oth
ing, and though he was there and continued
to stay there the court did not command him
to leave that office. "All the, court did in the
order, all that appears in the writ in any way
referring to Mr. Fredrick' would be that his
powers as clerk were suspended, which is
merely an adjudication as to his status. There
was not any ' direction to him, either to do or"
not to do anything. - .¦¦'-.. -. ¦/' •
Thinks Mayor Was ia Contempt.
- According to the evidence here Mr.- Fredrick
did nothing:. He was in the office when the
writ was served and the Mayor's clerk came
Into the office and gave orders to the police
men, saying that he was acting in the name of
the Mayor, to remove -Mr.' Williams. The
Mayor's clerk, however, is not . before me for
contempt, neither is the Mayor. ' . '-, . .,
I am equally satisfied that the . court had
the right to order both of the parties to desist
from any action — further action — In the matter
to be reviewed. . ••• ¦•' ¦•-..-
I am further satisfied that as to whether
the party whose act' Is sought to be reviewed
had or had not Jurisdiction is a question which
this court Is authorized under the law to pass
upon. It must be passed . upon , by this court,
and; therefore, .until it. has been decided by
this court, the inferior tribunal, board or of
ficer whose action Is ¦ sought to be reviewed
has no power to determine it~ for himself nor
to undertake to set at defiance the orders of
th superior tribunal. ; ¦ . ¦
I am further satisfied that if this court had
In Its order commanded the co-defendant, Mr.
Fredrick, not to exercise any of the rights or
powers of clerk of the Justices' Court it would
have had the right ¦ to make that order and
that if in his disobedience of that order ha
proceeded to act he would have been in con
tempt of court. . . . .
.- Of course, ¦ had" Mr. Williams idled - or had
ho . ; resigned ¦ ¦ and ! the ¦> Mayor \ i assumed .
to . appoint' .' his successor," - his* act: ;in
that : respect, , vto- .my; >mind,,> would . be a
minlsteriai act and not - In » the .nature of/, a
Judicial proceeding, not revlewable . on a writ
of. review.: That Is -all' that .either • of those
cases .holds. * . In ¦ this . case, ' hdWever; ; there ; ' is
coupled 'with: the appointment '-'of , a successor 1
to ' Mr. ' Williams a'- determination ; of • the ¦ fact
that he should be removed, , and of the 'status
of the right of -a party, -which, under all -the
authorities that I can find, makes, the , action'
In its nature a judicial proceeding, and, there
fore, revlewable by a superior tribunal, and I
am- satisfied • that .- the ' proceeding • sought to"
be* reviewed here Is one .that -is projrer to be
reviewed by writ of 'review 'or certlorari.V -„
Has Right to _ Review Acts.
"In the 'matter of the"' contempt proceedings
against Powell Fredrick, which has been ar
gued • and submitted, I have carefully consid
ered the arguments that have been made In
the matter and. the ! evidence offered; and "on
an - examination of • the two authorities moot
relied upon. by. counsel for respondent, the case
of Bush . (40 Cai:) and the case of Larleur
(lll-C.al.).rl' find that neither of those cases
answers . the contention of. the petitioner Wil
liams here.- .They both relate* to the mere act
of appointment where there is a vacancy. •¦
The arguments presented by Attorney
Abe Ruef evidently carried conviction, for
Judge Carroll Cook rendered his decision
on the lines laid down by Ruef "in pre
senting'his.case on Friday.' ; "
. The; ruling of the court-on' the. contempt
proceedings is as\ follows: ¦• •-,<¦ •• ..' - ...
The allegations . that Fredrick had vio-^;
lated the orders of the court,. as contained
in the writ of certiorari; were based'sole
ly on the contentions of Attorney T.-..D.
Rlordan, who represents Williams J and
County Clerk Mahony in their battle to
retain office. ' •' "
: Judge Carroll Cook decided yesterday
morning- that Powel Fredrick, i recently
appointed by Mayor ; Schmitz .as chief
clerk to the Justices. of the Peace In place
of:E..\V. Williams, suspended for neglect
of duty, was not guilty ; of contempt :of
court and that he had done nothing Ho
disobey the writ, of certiorari, issued 'on
the prayer of Williams. * •
Certiorari Next Friday \ and in
the Meantime They Will
. . " Remain Passive! :
Counsel Agree to; Argue Writ of
Intimates That the Mayor, if
Any One, Violated the Re
straining Order.
Judge Cook -Renders His
Decision in rtheGonr.
j .tempt Casel •
WelI=Known Official Will Assume Duties of His
Office Monday and Actively Supervise the
r. Improvements to BeJYiade. ' I.\
COURT FINDS
FREDRICK IS
NOT GUILTY
J. A. FILLMORE IS APPOINTED
AS GENERAL MANAGER OF THE
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILWAY
¦ •• ... .. s f ..;,.•-.-.-. fm -• . v /.'v'> .- •¦-¦''¦'¦; :¦:•;-¦•¦¦•¦•¦- -¦¦¦ ! -- ,-- :; .- 1 .- . -«.-.»> ¦
SAN FRANCISCO SUNB AY, JANUARY 26^ 1902.
Pap 27 to 36
Pages 27 to 36The following * programme I will be pre
sented this ' afternoon at ¦'-' Golden Gate
Park: ' .-.-¦¦'¦¦•' \^. ¦ - . ". ¦¦' ' : \
Overture. "The Agony of .Tantalus".... Suppe
Waltz, "Danube Waves" :;.: ..Ivanovicl
Descriptive, "Dream Picture'.' . ... . . . .Lumbye
Morceau. "Badinage" ...' ..Tobanl
Fantasia. "Columbus" (descriptive).. Hermann
Grand j march, "Coronation" . '. . . . Ellenberg
Barytone solo, ."Concert Polka" ...:........ i
Composed and performed by W. H. Colverd. ,
Selection, • ' 'Mignon' ' .................. Thomas
Morceau, "Little Klnkies" ............. Tobanl
March. "American Citizen".'. . . . ..... . ... .. ,
.. Eugene E. Schmitz Mayor of San Francisco
Music at the Park.
Floor manager, D. Brune; assistants,
George v Jaeger, F. 1 Qerten, . "W. Hassel
broock, 1 Karl Shaef er. : „
Arrangements — Herman Drews, J.
Stegemann, Al Fischer, C. F. Sterling, J.
Meyer. • .- ' '"-'¦' " '" ¦•' *
- Reception — William Gerken, C. I Stader,
F. Kerth. J. Dold. .. :?
¦. One of the largest crowds ever seen In
Mission Turn Verein Hall assembled last
evening at the masquerade given by the
Mission #Turn-. Verein. The characters
were many, arid the representations' were
from the never failing clown, coon and
tramp to .lads and- lassies, of Colonial
times. The grand march started prompt
ly at 9 o'clock and was led by the prince
of the carnival, D. i ¦ Stegemann, and
Princess Lena Bahr/ who were followed
by some "200 couples. A- rollicking- good
time was enjoyed by all and dancing: was
continued until longr after, midnight. ;-,
.The ball was In charge of the following
committees:* . v . .
Mission Turn Verein Masquerade.
The ferry-boat Tiburon, while on a re
turn trip' to Tiburon last evening, broke
a crank shaft and was delayed twenty
five minutes. As soon as the vessel tied
up at the other side of the bay steam
was got up on the Uklah and that boat
transported the late passengers.
Ferryboat Breaks Down.
. The following were the committees: Ar
rangements—J. Savignac, L.C. Bertin, J.
Loustale, P. Bellegarde, R. Estarziau, J.
L«. Mesple, A. Laplace; reception— J. Mia
loccj. J. ¦ Godeau, J. Candau, J. .Arees, M.
Leger, R. Lavigne, J. Gardla, J. Meillette,
J. B. Pale, J. Coudeu, M. Causse, G. Pou
chan, A. Garraud, L. Renard, E. Driven;
floor director, R. Estarziau; assistants—
L. Lacaze,.J. Lavigne, C. P. Robert, E.
Dupuy, L. Lalanne, "A. Turon, J. L. Bos
cus, 3. M. ' Moncla, M. Andichou, J. Sere,'
J. P. Cauhape, ;C. Artlgues, A. Coudeu.
The tribe gave a grand • ball In Odd .Fel
lows' Hall last night in honor of the new
officers. There was an attendance that
crowded the beautifully decorated hall to
Its limit and left but little room for danc
ing. . During Intermission ¦ at . midnight
supper was served in the banquet hall to
more than eight hundred people, i After
that dancing waa resumed. ¦
The following officers of Seminole Tribe,
the . French subordinate of j the | Improved
Order of Bed Men, were raised up for the
current term: J. Savighac, sachem; J. L.
Mesple, senior sagamore;. J. Candau,
junior sagamore; J. Mlalocq, prophet; J.
«rees, chief of records: J- lyoustale,
keeper of wampum; R. . Estarzlau, first
sannap; E, Dupuy, second sannap; J.
Lavigne, guard- of the : wigwam; P. Bal
anga. guard of the forest; J. Coudeu, P.
Bellgarde and L. C. Bertin, trustees, and
J. Escouteloup, first warrior. . . •
Fellows' Hall in Honor of the
New Officers.
Seminole Tribe Gives a Ball in Odd
FRENCH BED MEN RAISED
TJP FOR CUEEEUT TERM
Joseph Sand, administrator of the es
tate of the. late Barbara Decker, has
brought suit against Louisa Nolte. a
daughter of the deceased, to recover prop
erty on Jessie street, near Seventh. He
alleges that at the time Mrs. Decker con
veyed- the to her daughter she
did so with the understandings that she
was giving it in trust for her (Mrs. Deck
er's) heirs at law.
Sues to Recover Property.
The attending physician notified the
city undertaker of the woman's death
and the body will be burled in the pot
ter's field. The aged mother was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital,, from
where she will be sent to the Almshouse.
A pitiable case of destitution was
brought* to light last -evening by, the
death .of Mrs. Mary Harmsen, a widow,
residing at 304 First street. She had been
confined to her bed for a number\ of
months, a victim of consumption. For
the last year Mrs. Harmsen has occupied
the house with. her widowed mother, Mrs.
E. Hughes, and, the neighbors say,
through the i kindness of the landlord.
The mother is 85 years of age and* Is
paralyzed. I During the sickness of Mrs.
Harmsen the two women depended on
tlrely upon their neighbors for -care and
support. • -
Through the efforts of the people liv
ing near by the services of a physician
were procured, but too late to save her.
Daughter Buried, and Is Sent
to Almshouse.
Aged Woman Lives to See Her
DEATH ' REVEALS SAD
CASE OF DESTITUTION
| Mayor Schmltz and his legal advisers
claim that under the'above section of the
constitution, . the . municipality having the
power y to regulate ¦ the terms of : county
officers; -such regulation runs from the
time ; the county officials go , into -: office
until they vacate, and that for cause the
municipality] through Its executive officer
has the power.to remove a county, officer
and appoint a successor. ¦ , :
.; Where a city or county government ha« been
merged - and consolidated Into one municipal
government it ' shall I also be competent.' ' In any
charter framed under section 8 of said article
XI, i to provide for the manner . In which, the
times at which ; and the terms ; for which the
several county officers > shall i be elected or ap
pointed; for their compensation >¦, and for ' the
number, of deputies that each shall have and
for the compensation payable < to each of such
deputies. :>.-.,,;»¦, .<•_ -.,» v ¦ ,¦ . : ¦_ ¦ ..'.". >
In the decision . of .- the Supreme Court
taking the deputies of the County Clerk,
Recorder and -Sheriff- from, the • provisions
of civil service • examinations the | follow
ing ? section : of the State constitution is
quoted; \ ' ' , ¦ v
What the Constitution Says.
Chief Justice Beatty dissented from the
opinion and Justice Van Dyke wrote a
dissenting opinion. In which Justice Tem
ple concurred. : The dissenting Justices
held "that under the consolidation act of
1856 all officers who prior to tha-t time had
been' simply county • officers and those
purely city officers were thenceforth alike
officers of the new municipality and I were
thereafter neither officers of the- city of
San Francisco nor I officers of the county
of San Francisco." .' , , v r
By no reasonable ¦ stretch of construction can
this be held to Include the power to prescribe
the qualifications of such deputies by any mode
or process whatever. - , /
By section 8% power over county officers Is
given to the municipality only to the extent of
providing tor the manner of their election and
their terms of office and compensation. As to
their deputies— and they, alone are Involved in
this action — the only power granted is to pro
vide "for the number of deoutles that each
shall . have and tar the compensation - payable
to each of such.veputles." . - —
Municipal Power Defined.
That portion of 'the decision written by
Justice McFarland and concurred in by
Justices Harrison, Henshaw and Garoutte
bearing on this mooted point Is as fol
lows: ¦¦'¦•. -•'¦.'¦."
It Is claimed by the "county officials"
that the Mayor- has no power to remove
them from office, while the Mayor and his
advisers entertain opposite views. It is
further claimed by the so-called "county
otticials" that they, are protected by the
decision of the Supreme Court in the cuss
of Crowley against -Freud, when the rul
ing was made that the Civil Service Com
mission of the city and county -of San
Francisco had no power over county offi
cers to compel them to accept as deputies
those who had taken the competitive ex
aminations of the commission. -
Great interest centers in the hearing of
the writ of review, for Judge Cook will
be called upon to decide if the Mayor has
the power to suspend and remove from
otrice any ofliciaia who claim to be "coun
ty officials." That the Supreme Court will
be asked to render a decision on the mat
ter is a foregone conclusion.
To Decide Vexed Questions.
file any more papers with the County
Clerk at 2 in the morning and present any
••surprises" to the Mayor- at' breakf ant
time. . • •¦ . • . ¦ ¦ . -
C. A. Johnston, formerly a waiter-, on
the transport Grant, was arrested last
night by Officer P. Herlihy on a charge
of forgery on the complaint of A. W.
Rockwell. The accused was. locked up at
the Southern Station. Rockwell lives at
the Winchester House and : Johnston,
whom he had known in the Philippines,
called on him yesterday. Rockwell states
that he fell asleep, upon which Johnston
took from his coat pocket an order for
575, which he had deposited with the clerk
of the Winchester. He took it down to
the ofnc,e and tried to obtain the money,
but the clerk refused him. As soon as
Rockwell was informed -of the signed
order and the attempt to get possession
of his money he gave. Johnston Into cus
tody. .
Friend Charges Forgery.
Continued from Page Twenty-Seven.
The Ship and Steamboat Joiners have,
elected the following officers for the ensu
ing term: President, J. D. Sherwood; vice
president, W. H. Foster; recording &n$
financial secretary. T. Westoby; treas
urer, W. J. Clark; conductor. J. Runge;
milde, T. Latlmer:" trustees— T. Daniels,
W. CarpmlU, W. Collins; executive com
mittee—E. Rhodes, T. Latlmer, J. Runge.
The union is trying to secure the repair
work on the eteamer Roanoke, which was
damaged by fire while bound for this port.
It was feared that Captain Cheseborough
might attempt to have the repairs done
by non-union labor, and to prevent this
offers have been made to rush the work
at union schedule wages and get the ves
sel away with as little delay as possible.
The sum of $10 was voted by the union
to assist defraying the expenses of the re
count of the votes cast at the recent elec
tion for Supervisors.
Ship Joiners Elect Officers.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 25.— Mrs. Rafaella Soto
de Pacheco, one of the few survivors
of the aristocratic Spanish families who
resided in California at the time of the
American occupation, died here this
mornlns. aged 8G years. She was born In
San Francisco In 1316, her father being- a
Spanish officer stationed In California at
that time. She was a cousin of the lata
Governor Pacheco and related to many of
the first families of Spanish-California.
Mrs. Pacheco leaves one daughter, Mrs.
A. J. Gruwell of San Jose, and a grand
son, Ralph Alowe of Los Angeles. Shs
had been in declining health for over a
year. .
Mrs. Rafaella Soto de Pacheco.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. — August
Schoenborn, who prepared the plans for
the dome of the Capitol, Is dead. In 1849,
at 'he age of 22 years, he came to the
United States from Germany, first going
to Wisconsin. Two years later he came to
Washington and entered the office of tho
architect of the Capitol. His work then*
attracted the attention of President Fill
more, who was a frequent visitor at: his
office. At the breaking out of the civil^
war he rendered valuable services In theipi
preparation of maps and plans for Gen4/
eral McDowell, as well as plans for forts,
barracks, hospitals and other buildings
for the quartermaster general's office.
Oliver Roberts, the newly appointed as
signee of the estate of "Mammy" Pleas
ant, is making every effort to recover for
the creditors of the old colored woman
the property which It Is alleged is part of
her estate. He filed a suit yesterday
apainst Mrs. Teresa Bell to recover the
Bell property at Bush and Octavia
streets. He also sues to recover $4200
which ia at the rate of $175 rental per
month for two years. Mrs. Peasant's
testimony will be taken by deposition as
she Is too 111. to appear in court.
Roberts Files Another Suit.
FINDS FREDRICK IS NOT GUILTY
John Gibbons,' a teamster, aged 21 years,
residing at 1123 York street, while • on a
Visit -at 420 Pretita avenue yesterday aft
ernoon lost his balance and fell down
stairs. When picked up he was uncon
scious. He was taken to the City and
County Hospital, where his Injuries were
pronounced to be serious, as his skull was
fractured by the fall. ¦•
Teamster's Skull Fractured.
Knights of Pythias — Bird, catcher: Holmes
pitcher; Clark, first base; Selifla, second base;
Lagroria* shortstop: Der Brutz. third base;
Mason, left field; Faneauf, center field: Huber.
rlsht field.
Letter carriers— R. Peralta, catcher: R.
Firge. pitcher: W. Hanley first base: J. F.
Kenny, second base; H. Skinner, third base;
W. Ravlett. shortstops P. B. Flnnegan left
field: W. D. Goodwin, center field; C. Kelton.
riiht field. '
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— Baseball teams
from the Oakland letter carriers and the
Knights of Pythias will play a match
game Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock at
Freeman's Park. The opposing nines will
be made up as follows:
Pythians Will Play Postmen.
Policeman McKeegan, who was In ! the
neighborhood at the time, heard the cries
and was at hand so quickly that the run
ning man was. still in view on Jackson
street. McKeegan pursued him- to a
rooming-house at 315 Seventh street and
found Holmston hiding In a room. Holm
ston was taken back to the Brown resi
dence and there : positively identified by
both Mrs. Brown and Miss McDonough
Holmston was then taken to the City
Prison, where he ' will be • held pending
further. investigation by the detectives.
Holmston was sober when he was ar
rested. He said he did not know why he
had been arrested and professed Ignor
ance of the assault. He is unmarried and
has been rooming at the Seventh-street
place .for some time. , ;
In the arrest to-night of Charles J.
Holmston, a carpenter, 45 years old, resid
ing at 315 Seventh street, the police be
lieve they have "caught 'at* least one'of the
men who have been terrorizing women on
the streets of this city after dark.
Whether Holmston is the* assailant-.. of
little Flossie White is a question. At any
rate the offense with which he is charged
is sufficient to place him on the . list
of suspects. The victims of his attack
to-night were Mrs. Bert Brown, .wife of
Policeman Bert Brown, and Mifes Kate
McDonough, who - resides with Mrs.
Brown at Jackson and Fifth streets. . The
ladies were walking along- Jackson street
near their residence when a man suddenly
sprang at them from behind some t/ees
growing near the edge of the sidewalk.
He grabbed Mrs. Brown roughly and
made . some Incoherent remarks. Tho
¦frightened ; woman screamed for help and
with- the assistance of Miss McDonough
wrested herself from the grasp of her as
sailant.- Holmston then fled,' fearing that
the outcries of the women would attract
assistance. '• ¦ •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
¦ ; . . 1118 -Broadway, Jan. j 25.
Up to date 32 of the 303 precincts have
been counted, with the following result:
Walsh has overcome Alpers' lead of 54
votes and is 45 votes ahead; Coghlan has
g-ained P8 votes on Bent and Finn has
pained 109 votes on Eggers. Bent Is still
S28 votes ahead of Coghlan. and Eggers
Etlll leads Finn by 243 votes.
The votes cast in the Third Precinct of
the Thirty-ninth District and the First
Precinct of the Thirtieth District were
recounted yesterday In Judge Murasky's
court and the following losses were noted:
Payot 5. Braunhart 6. Wilson 8, 'Bent V.
Eggers 11. Alpers 11, Walsh 7. Coghlan 6,
Finn 7, Lyons S, Aird 6 and Regan 7.
The total losses sustained by the fol
lowing candidates, who are not likely to
be affected by the contest are: Payot
145. Braunhart 161, Wilson 153, Bent 158,
Eggers 171. Aloers 164. Walsh 65. Cogh
lan 60. Finn 55. Lyons 69. Aird 60, Rea
gan 65.
Forty-Five Votes.
Now Leads His Opponent by
Lebor Party Candidate for Supervisor
WALSH STILE CONTINUES
TO GAIN OVEE ALPEES
Under that ruling the complaining hus
band has been given ten days In which to
amend his complaint and to set forth.' If
he can, further grounds for his charges
pf cruelty. . ,
'My ruling did not' condone the acts of Mrs.
Noy. The question in the case Is this: Would
the fact that Mrs. Noy remained from home
all night twice within four years cause Mr.
Noy grievous mental suffering- or anguish?
The complaint alleges that on these two oc
casions she. told her husband she was at one
place when It was subsequently learned she
was at another. In my opinion these two lone
acts do not constitute extreme cruelty.'.
The couple had been married for four years
and the complaint only alleged that she had
stayed out All I night twice during that period.
Now, while this Is very wrong. I considered
that two instances of that sort did not con
stitute extreme cruelty. , '•• "¦ \ '
"My reason for sustaining the demurrer
to the count of cruelty," said Judge Hall,
"was this: ¦ ' ¦ ¦ «.,
j When Superior Judge Hall ruled yester
day In favor of Mrs. Freda Noy upon her
demurrer to -Bernard Noy's • complaint of
cruelty because she had remained . from
home two nights without his consent, his
Honor says he did not Intend to convey
the impression that a wife could stay
away from home ali night without her
husband's consent and receive judicial ap
proval of the act.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.. ¦ ..- jjjg Broadway, Jan. 25.
Hector Morrison, aged 77 years, residing
at 642 Stevenson street, received injuries
yesterday which will in all, probability
prove fatal. He was crossing Seventh
Etreet when he was -knocked .down and
xun over.- by a brewery, wagon. Morrison
was taken to 'the /Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Armlstead found that four ribs
had been broken on the left side and
three on the right side. John Kroger, the
oriver. of the wagon, surrendered himself
at the City Hall station and was charged
with battery. - He was released on bonds.
Knocked Down by ; a Brewery Wagon.
Charles,. J. /Holmston 1 Is
i Arrested for Attacking
Two Women.
Judge Dunne signed an order yesterday
releasing Fred Hansted, better known as
"Young Dutchy," from custody. Hansted
was convicted of technical forgery in con
nection with the looting of the Sullivan es
tate. He apppaled'from the judgment and
the Superior Court ordered his release
on the ground that the Indictment under
which he was arrested was faulty. '¦'• ¦
Attorney George D. Collins, who repre
sents Hansted, was present when Judge
Dunne signed the order releasing the pris
oner, but said nothing of the contempt
proceedings which he threatened to bring
because the Judge did not sign the order
of release when it was presented last
Thursday. When asked about his refusal
to obey the Supreme Court's mandate
Judge Dunne said: "Had I known that
Mr. Collins had been talking about con
tempt proceedings I would have answered
him, but unfortunately I knew nothing of
the statement he made for publication un
til after the matter of Hansted's release
was settled. « I have not yet been arrested
for contempt of court and do not expect
that I will be, for there was no contempt
committed. I simply delayed signing the
order until I cguld have a chance to ex
amine the documents." ¦ '
Taking Time to Examine
Documents. . .
He Is Not Guilty of Contempt in
JUDGE DUNNE SIGNS ORDER
RELEASING FRED HANSTED
The members of the San Francisco
Schwabett Verein spent an enjoyable time
at the anniversary masquerade ball given
last night at Ban Francisco Turner Hall
on Turk street. The ball was the most
successful In the history of. the clutj, The
hall was artistically decorated with-dfap
ings of pale blue, yellow and white bunt-<
Ing. intermingled with electric lights.
From the center of . the . eeiUnsr
hung a huge centerpiece comppaed of
blue and 1 gold bunting, with; hangings oi
masks and lanterns. The grand march
started at 9:30 with the Prince and Prin
cess of Carnival. Joseph Hoelle and Miss
H. Barnett; leading, followed by their at
tendants. P. Frommer and Miss M. Laug
vert, Jacob Schaber and Miss Rosa
Glessen. and 300 couples wearing the usual
variety of costume characteristic to mas
querades. The following were In charge
of the masquerade: Captain S. Spiegel,
W Tauser, A. Wollpert. J. Nagel, Gua
Wucherer. Chris W. Wucherer, F. Muen
cemaier and Chris Attinger.
Schwaben Verein Masquerade Ball.
Wife Not Cruel to Stay
, Away Froni Home
¦¦¦;" TwoNighta
At the conclusion of the ceremonies
there was an. adjournment to the banquet
room of Loyola Hall, when the new pres
ident delivered a short address, , which
was followed by a programme consisting
of a piano recital by Miss May Stein;
vocal duet. Kittle Buckley and Mayme
Kettle; recitation. Miss Margaret Mogan;
mandolin. solo. Miss Cella Young, and "a
few remarks'' by the district deputy.
During the evening Mrs. Josephine Shea,
the retiring president, who during her
term endeared herself to the members,
was presented by First Grand President
Miss May Stein, on behalf of the Insti
tute, with a beautiful gold and diamond
crescent, surmounted with a cross, the
emblem of the order. After that followed
a banquet and dancing.
Kathryn Burke, president; Mrs. George*
Richardson and Nellie Hogan. vice presidents:
Ella Barrett recording and Cella Young finan
cial secretary; Margaret ¦ Mogan, treasurer;
Maggie Sullivan, marshal; Josephine T. Shea,
Kittle Buckley, Elizabeth Smith. Mollle Ang
lln and Emma Townley, trustees.
District Deputy Grand President Sirs.
J. P. Sweeney has installed the following
named as the officers of Young Ladles'
Institute No. 7 for the current term:
Installation and Banquet.
Hunt swore that although he had pur
chased the rum for his private use aboard
ship it was not placed in his room as or
dered, but by mistake was put into the
hatch with the ordinary freight. It was
removed to the wharf by the longshore
men with the rest of the freight. He took
his little hatchet to open the box, merely
tor the purpose of identification. The pros
ecution did not go into the matter of
breaking Into a package of dutiable goods
on its way to the appraiser, and Mr.
Hunt was discharged..
• »
T. C Hunt, purser of the steamship Ar
gyll, told a plausible story " to United
States Court Commissioner Heacock yes
terday concerning his connection with a
case containing twelve -quart bottles of
bay rum smuggled into this port from
Panama. Mr. Hunt was caught last Fri
day morning with a hatchet in his good
right hand breaking open the box of bay
rum in the freight office on the wharf.
He admitted to Customs Inspector Bryant
that the rum was his, and then asked
whether the matter could not be fixed, by
payment of the duty or otherwise.
Escapes Punishment for Vio
lating the Law.
Breaks Into a Smuggled Package and
PTJBSEB HUNT TELLS
A PLATJSIBLE STOKY
¦ The board notified Treasurer McDou
gald that it desires to deposit the sum of
$4307 which was collected by former, ad
ministrations on street space permits,
kettle permits, sidewalk permits, sub
sidewalk space permits and contractors'
moneys. . Former Treasurer Brooks ' re
fused to act as custodian of the money,
as it was not credited to any special fund
by the charter. The money has since been
on deposit: in Wells, Fargo & Co.'e Bank
to - the credit of the Board of Public
Works;. _¦• .•-¦>.. ,¦::<-. , • :•¦-. • . . . '
Mayor Schmitz 1 and Auditor Baehr will
shortly confer regarding the moneys due
the city for trenching fees by the big cor
porations. The amount due the city under
the ordinance aggregates about 55000, and
steps" will be taken to .insure its collec
tion. A resolution was recently adopted
by the Board of Supervisors directing the
Auditor according to the charter to de
duct the amounts due the city from \ de
mands presented by. the corporations for
furnishing light, and water. Former Au
ditor Wells refused to do so unless he
was served with a court order. Auditor
Baehr stated yesterday that he had. not
Inquired into the matter, but he will at
once consult his attorney as to his duty
in the premises.' . ..
Shall Be Deducted From De
mands of Corporations.
Auditor Baehr Will Ascertain if They
CRIES OF VICTIM
ATTRACT POLICE
Boatman J. Moran found the body of an
elderly man floating In the bay off section
2 of the seawall about 8 o'clock last night.
It was in an advanced stage of decompo
sition and the features were unrecogniza
ble. A key with a tag bearing the name
of the Central lodging-house and the num
ber 71. that of the room,. was identified by
John Carroul, the proprietor of the house,
as that belonging to John Lasson, a la
borer, who was last seen at the house on
January 2. • His effects, consisting .of . a
valise full of old clothing, were turned
over to the Coroner.
Probably John Lasson's Body.
WILL MAKE EFFORT TO .
COLLECT TRENCHING FEES
JUDGE EXPLAINS
THE NOY RULING
Younger is about 80 years of age. He
is a powerful man and' had worked at
harvesting through the autumn. On Tues
day night he went to a variety theater,
and on leaving went to his room. He was
not seen again until Thursday evening,
when he came downstairs half-dressed
and said there were snakes in his room.
Edward Lewis, the clerk, knowing
Younger was not a drinking man. sum
moned the police. Younger's body was
then in semi-rigid condition. ' He was
taken to the police station at midnight.
Throughout Thursday night and Friday
Younger remained In the hypnotic state.
On Saturday morning he was taken to the
County Jail and physicians were sum
moned. They soon detected that Younger
was under . hypnotic . Influence. During
semi-conscious intervals Younger takes
food. ¦ ¦ . ' •;.
To-night Younger, was in a deep sleep.
His fingers twitched almost constantly
and .he breathed laboriously. His feet and
hands were limber but the rest of his body
was rigid. . • ' *
A i local hypnotist named Rynorson Is
accused by two persons of having put
Younger to sleep on the stage' of a vari
ety tneater on Tuesday night. ' Rynorson
denies the accusation and apparently
wishes to be cleared of the charge, not
witstandlng the advertising such a case
would give him as an exponent of the
mysterious science. •,
Two physicians to-day applied many of
the tests used to arouse persons from a
cataleptic state. All efforts failed and
both physicians declare that unless the
person who put Younger to sleep removes
his influence there Is no telling when the
man will recover from his unnatural con
dition.
Who put Younger Into this, sleep and
for what purpose are questions that have
been puzzling the authorities. Physicians
say that if the influence be not with
drawn soon Younger' s mind will be af
fected, as in all cases of continued hyp
notic state the mind is weakened.
SPOKANE, Jan. 25.-On a cot in the
County Jail, sleeping the uncanny sleep
of hypnotism, lies Hans Younger. Since
Tuesday night the unfortunate man • has
been in this unnatural condition. Effort*
of physicias to arouse him are futile:
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Professor John Fryer, liL. . P., deliv
ered : one of those very interesting lec
tures last night which are proving so suc
cessful at the Mechanics' Institute on
Saturday evenings. The title of the lec
ture was "A Trip. to Peking and the
Great Wall of China." It' was the sec
ond part of the lecture and with the illus
trations was much appreciated by a very
large audience. Professor Fryer has a
good delivery and his subject was a pop
ular one, especially since he possesses a
fund of information upon matters per
taining to China and the late trouble
which took the combined forces of civil
ized nations to properly adjust. Peking,
with Its temples and " its Government
buildings, its old places of interest, its
own peculiar library, not endowed by
philanthropists, and the public thorough
fare on which executions are conducted
in full view "of the populace, were a few
of the subjects that kept the audience
deeply .Interested for over an hour. The
professor's illustrations are exceptionally
good and distinct. The pictures of build
ings and notables are in excellent preser
vation and are well reproduced on ¦ the
screen. There was one set of pictures
which must be particularly interesting to
the amateur astronomer, namely, the pre
sentation of the antique astronomical ma
chines, which are a wonder to behold.
During the late occupation of Peking the
German and French armies took posses
sion of the scientific instruments of an
cient make, but the latter Government re
turned them, said the professor, a.state
ment which was loudly applauded.
An effort was made to nominate two
candidates for Town Trustees to-night,
but It failed, because the club wanted
further time in which to select candidates.
A motion by O. C. Miller that the nomina
tions be made by a nominating commit
tee of fifteen members was carried. Mil
ler said that If the nominations were
made in an open meeting the poolroom
men would have their friends there to stir
up trouble. A committee of fifteen will
be appointed by the executive committee
to assist In piloting the club'* nominees
to victory.
Among those who spoke were Commo
dore C. H. Harrison. George Harlan, O. C.
Miller and W. G. Morrow. The meeting
adjourned to the call of the chair.
The Grand Jury report, wherein the
licensing of poolrooms in Sausalito was
condemned, was mentioned as reflecting
the sentiment of honest men regarding
the conditions existent in the town. -
SAUSALITO, Jan. 25.— The chill ocean
breeze that swept the Sausalito hills did
not stay the ardor of members of the Sau
eallto Municipal Improvement Club to
night, when they met in Geneva Hall to
hear the report of their executive com
mittee and consider- means whereby the
poolsellers could be driven from the com
munity. A. J. Treat, W. G. Morrow,
Frank Jones, George Harlan, J. M. Gll
gara, J. T. Harmes and O. C. Miller com
pose the committee and A. J. Treat made
its report. He denounced the poolroom
element, saying that the coming election
would determine whether the people or
the gamblers should run the town. Treat
declared, that If an election were held'to
day the gamblers would win, owing to the
fact that they had imported voters. The
committee, he said, had been gathering
evidence and expected to be in a position
soon to give certain "colonists" a long
residence in San Quentln.
Treat told how a committee went to
Sacramento and appeared before the last
Legislature to get a bill passed prohibit
ing the sale of pools outside of a race
track. Commenting upon failure of the
bill to pass he said, "We failed— you may
guess why." . . -
Boeclal Dispatch to The, CalL
Several members of the wealthy Van
derbilt family are expected to pay this
tity a visit early next month. Already the
Vanderbilts are making preparations in
New York for the long trip across the
continent. A special train will bring the
party to this city. Four of the best suites
of rooms In the Palace Hotel were en
gaged yesterday afternoon for the ac
commodation of the visitors during their
etay In this city. The apartments which
were yesterday ordered for the party are
the best the big local hostelry affords.
The scions of one of the richest families
In the world are due to arrive in this city
on or about Februarv « They may not
rcaxh here exactly on that date, but the
Palace Hotel peopif .*&.»« ueen ordered to
be In readiness to place the party in com
fortable apartments by that time. Just,
when the vanderbilts will leave New York
Is not known here, nor Is the object of
their visit. It is presumed, however, that
the party Is simply coming here to spend
the remainder of the winter .traveling
through California, although it Is not Im
probable that some of the male members
of the family may have some important
business to attend to here in connection
¦with tneir vact railroad and other hold
ings.
Herman Oelrichs of this city, who is a
brother-in-law of William K. Vanderbilt,
was the person to whom the task of se
curing comfortable apartments at the
Palace- for the party was Intrusted. None
of the Vanderbilt family has visited this
coast for almost two years. The last
member of the famous family who paid a
visit to this city was young Alfred Gwynn
Vanderbilt. who passed through here on
his ¦way to New York from Japan shortly
after the death of his father.
The Kreuz Zeitung this evening ex
presses grave fear for the German Iron
industry.
"When Morgan and the steel trust con
trol ocean navigation, even protective
tariffs," says the Kreuz Zeitung, Vcan
not prevent the flooding of the German
market with American iron and steel."
The German Foreign Office admit* tha>
legitimacy of the United States' elalm ia
behalf of Dr. Tenny'a college at Tientsin
and has notified Secretary Hay that Ger
many will pay a proper Indemnity, the
amount to be agreed upon later, and tura
over to the college authorities certain
machinery and equipment now In the pos
session of German military authorities,
who are taking the best care of them till <
new Quarters can be obtained for th:* ¦
military. Dr. Tenny was here laat weelt
and had a satisfactory interview with t£*
Foreign Office officials, . «¦ r*
The newspapers say« Ott '» Herr Pallin, j»
director of the HamflV^-AQierican liZ.«r,
and Dr. Weigand, of tn%- >Jortn German
Lloyd Steamship Company, before enter
ing into negotiations with Pierpont Mor
gan will demand a pledge that the Ameri
can capitalist will abstain from buyics
more of the shares of the Hamburs-
Amerlcan and North German Lloyd com
panies. They will also, it Is said, propose
that only German vessels shall . take
freight from German ports, for which
monopoly they are willing to pay Morgan
a certain percentage on the business, a
fixed sum, or perhaps avoid competing
with some of Morgan's English lines.
"Naturally," he said, "It Is to America's
Interest that the German tariff should not
be increased, but I do not think we can
expect Germany not to increase her tari££
so that it will really protect her homa
market from our competition. If Ger
many does not raise the tariff It means
that our highly finished goods as well as
our coarser products will take this mar.
ket. American exporters quits expect
Germany's tariff to go up. It is not la
Germany, Franco or Austria that we cau
sell, largely, but In England, Russia, Tur
key and China and all the free market*
where Germany and England find outlets.
This la the only element and It will not
be a very long time, either, until they
are all ours."
Schwab's observations In France, Italy
and Austria, and now in Germany, have
confirmed his belief that their external
markets will inevitably become the United
States markets, and all tneir trada con
tests is to preserve their domestic mar
kets through tariffs, the Americans ap
propriating the rest of the world.
Whether Germany puts up her tariff cr
not, it does not count for much, la
Schwab's general survey of the inter
national situation.
BERLIN, Jan. 28.— Charles M. Schwab
president of the United States Steel Cor
poration, In his tour of the European
continent arrived here Thursday, and ha a
had . two busy days seeing acquaintances
and receiving a procession of bankers who
wanted to see the man who la directing £
billion dollars of capital.
Helse has forwarded to Germany an ac
count of his cousin's death In order that
the children of Hermann may be enabled
to secure the entire estate- at as early a
date as possible.
While I have no means of knowing: as yet
the value of the estate left by Mrs; Albers
meyer, it was considerable. -The letters came
Just as I was about to go to the funeral. Had
Albert' been advised sooner of the death of his
mother, he would probably be In Germany to
day. His mother and my mother were sla
ters. All that is now left of the family are
the two children of Hermann Albersmeyer,
who will now inherit the entire estate, as there
are no blood relatives near enough of kin to
entitle them, under the German law, to a
share of the estate. .
On Thursday morning two letters came
from Bremen. One was from the dead
man's uncle, announcing the death' of
Mrs. Albersmeyer on January 6 and tell
ing him to hurry home in order to claim
his portion of her estate, which was said
to be of considerable value. The other was
the formal notice of death. sent by the
authorities. Both letters were addressed
to Albersmeyer, in care of J. D. Heise,
who opened them. Heise said:
Albert came to this city some years
ago and was employed in various capaci
ties In grocery stores. His last employ
ment was with his cousin, Helse. No
news of his mother's serious illness had
reached him, although It was known that
she was ailing, her age making her- re
covery a matter of uncertainty.-
For years the senior Albersmeyer was an
employe of the German Government In
the railway service and occupied a high
position. He was frugal and accumulated
a considerable fortune. Old age caused
him to retire, and his eldest son, who was
engaged in business in Bremen, sold out
and accepted a position In the same serv
ice. He rilled the place for a number of
years and was being rapidly promoted.
About a year ago he died of pneumonia,
leaving a boy aged nine and a girl aged
seven years. The father died about two
months aso.
While the last rites were being per
formed over the body of Albert Albers
meyer, the man who lost his life at the
corner of Julian avenue and Sixteenth
street by falling from an awning on 'the
morning on which Police Officer Robin
son was shot down by footpads on Valen
cia and Sixteenth streets, a few feet
away, news came from Germany that
Albersmeyer's aged mother had died in
Bremen on January 6 last, the letter urg
ing him to hurry home and enjoy his
share of the comfortable estate left by
her. The news ,was received by the dead
man's cousin, J. D. Heise, a grocer at
Sixteenth and Valencia streets, for whom
Albersmeyer had worked.
On the morning of the Robinson mur
der Albersmeyer was awakened by the
shots fired by Officer Taylor under the
awning overlooked by Albersmeyer's win
dow. He crawled on the awning,
slipped, and, though - he endeavored to
catch the gutterway, was unable to hold
on. He fell to the sidewalk and died
shortly afterward.
Captain Sandal's condition is due to
worrying over the ship he formerly com
manded. •-¦ He brought the vessel down
from the Sound and on his arrival the
agents notified him that the vessel had
been chartered to take a cargo of mules
to the Fiji Islands. He did not find fault
with his cargo,* but did when thtey tried
to convert his ship into a mule barn by
erecting two stories on the main deck.
The captain thought the vessel would be
topheavy and would. turn turtle before It
had traveled twenty miles on its journey.
Experts were called in and gave different
opinions'. Captain Sandal then handed In
his resignation, which was accepted and
Captain. Smith was appointed to fill the
vacancy.
The sea captain was on the point of
returning to England when he became
temporarily Insane. He brought on his
condition . by constantly worrying over
the mule ship. He was taken to St.
Mary's Hospital and the Federal author
ities notified the agents that they would
not allow the ship to sail until provision
had been made for the care of the in
sane man. - •• . " ¦ -
The Willowdene is scheduled to sail for
the Fiji Islands on Tuesday next The
650 mules are to be used on the sugar
plantations. The ship bears a peculiar ap
pearance with Its mule barn on the deck.
Captain Sandal, former master of the
British tramp ship Willowdene; who be
came suddenly insane a few.'days ago and
was taken to St. Mary's Hospital, at
tempted suicide yesterday by cutting his
throat with, a razor. But for the pres
ence of attendants he would - have suc
ceeded. They grabbed him, and took the
razor away from him. The aberrated sea
captain was placed in bed and a watch
put over him.
Assisted by Illustrations the
Lecturer Interests" Large
Audience.
Belief Must Come From the
. Person Responsible for
His Condition.
Herman Oelrichs Orders
Apartments at the Palace
for Party.
Aberration Due to Worrying
Over the Willowdene
the Cause.
Committee Declares Certain
"Colonizers" Will Soon
Be in San Qnentin.
Predicts a Bright Future for
American Trade in
Foreign Lands.
Albert Albersmeyer Expires
Just Before News of
Riches . Arrives.
Professor Fryer Tells; of
Peking's Buildings
and. Antiques.
Are Expected, to Reach
San Francisco About
« February 4.
Spokane Physicians Are
Unable to Arouse
Sleeping Man.
Sausalito Improvement
Club Plans for the
Steel Corporation's Presi
dent Causes a Furor
v; r : in Berlin.
Fatal Accident Befalls
Man Whom Wealth
Was Awaiting.
• *
Captain Sandal Tries to
Take His Own Life
at Hospital.
ANTI-POOLROOM
CAMPAIGN OPENS
TALK ON CHINA
AND HER PEOPLE
VANDERBILTS
COMING HERE
FORTUNE LOSES
RACE TO DEATH
USES A RAZOR
WHILE INSANE
BANKERS FLOCK
TO SEE SCHWAB
UNDER HYPNOTIC
SPELL FOR DAYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY; JANUARY; 26; 1902.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
..Abraham Melstrom; :a'*sallor,' llylrig on
Howard - street, . near East, fell ' from a"'
Third street car last night,- and besides
being badly, bruised It! is feared he sus
tained a, fracture of the skull. Melstrom
was taken to St. Mary's Hospital. -
Falls ' Prom Car.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Jose Theodore, aged
32, and Maria. Souza, 15, both of Pleasan
ton: Charles - S. -. Child, 28, and Mamie • S.
Sullivan, 20, both of ; San. Francisco*
William H. Stanton, 27, and Marian Seer
man, 26, both of San Francisco; Wallace
D. Etans, 28, Oakland, and May, A." Glb
bona, 24. Alameda.
Licensed to Marry.
Charles Conwell, John .Carr, Thomas
Hogan and James i McKeever were, held
to answer before the : Superior Court by
Judge. Fritz yesterday on a charge of as
sault ' to murder, with ball fixed at $1000.
During the strike Policeman P. ' Callahan
was assaulted. by a crowd of young men
on Second and Brannan streets. Several
shots ' were fired at him and . one of the
crowd attacked him with a knife. It was
alleged ' that the four defendants formed
part of the crowd. " Carr was wounded at
the . time and has .: since .been . confined at
the i City and County Hospital.,
Shot ; at a Policeman.
28
/^vf'"," ¦'' >v You Can Be Cured of
&f% \ NERVOUS DEBILITY
M^^^^A and L0ST MANHOOD ' :
Fu " 5 Da y s Treatment
ABSOLUTELY FREE
j^jjJBffl|| By Sealed Mail.
»™SBS& I *SZsL. NO G.O.D, OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
ty!rZ T .I3I'J h * CIT hM 8° ne .°I> ,'™» hundred! and The Von Mohl Company desire* is that yon g\y ttw
££,l753T£ 1Be »'. y i. Oa . II *5?? oW * or ? nmKd J * , h »V remedy a fair and thorough trial, and they i>Jw?U.
wonldnd them of the terrible result of et .y folliea ing to »tand all the expense connected »rith thl trial
th h**^ 0^ H OTerwork * nd worrT thJ ' t •»" to P«> T « *»"> **«h in lu merits.
ThTmedlcL pVof^Blon of thl. country .eemed POWER OF " CALTHQS 11 PROVED.
ppwerlea to cop* with the appalHiw «.nd diiutroui The first d«r you t*ke the treatment you will bt
ditoa«M and annovinjt wenknessei of men resulting benefited. The second day you will feel an lmnrove.
from violation of Nature's laws. ment. The tuird day you will note an increase of
PROF. LABORDE'S WONDERFUL DISCOVERY. £S, h y - J^KIht'* The fifth* dtr g t ln .^ft
It remained for the eminent French authority, toefuki' a Tnt/man.«iff you suff£ -fiSm .nrfo*m
f n r £\h™ Ub0rd H e ' to ¦Si? n V fic il ?' lniry of Nervon " Utcline "d Sexual TetkwM, "Jera™
\8Zk2L si™ 4 , C °i? Cf &°tf v 't*»ty. Se"*l torrhcea. Varicocele, ImpoH-nc^SmaU Part.fKt
R»£ji p?A- £ »*" n * torrtl **. Lpilepay, Impotency. Sweats, Palpitation of the Heart. Nerrou.neM, Con-'
fo^^rfwteu?^^^^
~g?lY™!£?<X^ 1\\ eole American risrhti for promiue complete recovery. ' cmnn "
CA.I.THOS." and through it« aeency thousands ODMMBT uPTinu lunnnriMT
of men who suffered from sexual dinewea and en- PROMPT ACTION IMPORTANT. ' ¦ ¦<;
J? S e .S2T n ™ t ?2 r l* <sd - ** The T on M 5 hl C 0111 - xaent « * howi "K »t« marreloui restorative power.
K1KWSXTO5S 1 :- po^tK "i i 5fflflSP l 3fik t S 0^. treitment "^ s
The Von Mohl Co., 628 B, iSasa'SSMKSSa.' Cincinnati, 0.
i«©OSO»C30000COOGOOOOOC3CO©©0©0®0©eOO©00000000
[THE CRY OF DESPAIR!
J iV" l .r ¦'- From Men Who Are Weak and ~j>- ' g
I • Suffering Is Answered by • ©
\DR, MJEYERS& Co. I
\ '^*~ "V. 11 K UCH depends on a man's health, -.fii^
J - / >^ jl/l strength, vigor and courage. If he is a ** T
j • /igt^^^S^-ai A "*•'-! P un 7 w ?akling, tired and wearv from H?
) / J^^^^^^^^^\\ morning till night, he does not know the joy
\ I S^S ¦ J^ of living -Dr. Meyers & Co. cure sufTerers
'¦'/ mrofrT 1& \ * rom nervous debility, whether the trouble o
I / MEHp P 1 as ] aee " b'rousht on by overwork, worry or fc>
I $^» \ dissipation. •' . O
> T(i^ . «^P* ll^i I r -^^ e yer3 & Co. began their successful ';*
> viML'* ¦* -I ' I career as specialists for all diseases and weak- q
* *Uk1 ' i jUJLJk I I ness of men more than twenty years ago.
* l2w-iC?i«§Ml / Their Practice is now more extensive than <S
! \ N'^lSlira?*'^ / tytT .' •They have the largest and best O
\ \ jL^™$im£&%M I ec J u 'PP e^ medical institution in America.
\ \ Js&^i^MjS&W I Th e ' r prices are within the reach- of all.
I X^!M^C3~--&&?g^y Dr. Meyers & Co. treat weakness and dis- *\
k \^V \vrs eases of men only, and cure IWseasea of the £*
I ,'j>y r %i±X/ Kidneys and Bladder, Spins, Liver, Heart, %
) £L^ Skin, Blood; also Premature Decay, TJn- q
I natural Losses, Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture, Bup- ©
» tur«, Piles, Special Diseases, etc. V, *, O
1 NO PAY TILL CUBED. ©
I Patients can arrange to pay after they are entirely well, or may pay ©
\ in weekly or monthly installments, as they prefer. q
| PBIVATE BOOK— HOME CUBES. O
J - • Dr. Meyers .-& Co. cure and restore a great many men every year S
I without seeing them. -Sufferers who cannot 'call should write for their q^
* book, "Marriage Guide. Private Counselor for Men." symptom blacks, q*
) -prices and full particulars of their wonderful Home-Cure System. Cor- ' ©
> respondence confidential. • ¦ BBBJ gj
! DR MFYFRS & CO 7S1 ArKET ST -» "& -
>¦. I-*IX« 1*1 L* I L-»ix*p W VV,, .;. San Francisco .Cal. . «g
> - Hours— 9 to 4 Dally: Evenines, 7 to 8; Sundays. D to 11. ' ' &
'••••••^••••••••••••••••o»*o««9««««G«o«««eeoBritain grows eix and a half tons of po
tatoes to the acre, Prance three and one-,
fifth and Russia only two tons.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Mc-
Cormlok, accompanied by his wife,' left
yesterday for Chicago. .
Maurice S. Wormser, a banker of New
York, arrived here yesterday with his
wife and family. They are at the Palace.
Assistant President Julius Kruttschnltt
of the Southern Pacific Company la on an
inspection tour in the southern part of the
State. ¦ • ¦.< / : • '— -'¦'-, • •¦ ¦- .
J. H. Kirkpatrlck of Stqckton is at the
Lick. * - -
Jesse D. Grant of San Diego is at the
Palace. - ¦ ¦
Judge Frank H. Short of Fresno is at
the Palace. - . ¦ ._
George R. Hughes of Portland is at the
Occidental. .
Wilbur F. George, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand. * ¦
Railroad Commissioner N. Blackstock of
Ventura Is at the Grand.
Albert C. Harmon, a mining man of An
gels Camp, is at the Palace.
Rev. Father C. J. Kelly ana Rev. Father
I. P. Whalen'of Bayonne are at the Pal
ace. ¦ ¦¦¦'.¦¦¦•¦ ''.;¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ r ¦ - •
Personal.
The committee , decided to print 10,000
copies of the amendment annotated witn
marginal notes showing the objections to
its adoption and that the same be sent to
the newspapers .throughout the State, to
public bodies and to all labor and civic
organizations. . - ,
A demand In the sum of $500 was drawa
In favor of the Mayor, who is. to pay bills
presented by Secretary Ma3on. and ap
proved by the committee.
H. A. Mason was elected secretary of
the committee to act in conjunction with
a .committee from the League of Califor
nia Municipalities." - .
The special committee of the Board of
Supervisors appointed for the purpose of
taking netessary steps to insure the de
feat of the Assembly constitutional
amendment providing for the creation of
a general State commission to fix and
regulate rates of common carriers, water,
heat, light and power met yesterday in
the Supervisors' chambers.
paign to Defeat Proposed Assem
bly Amendment.
Supervisors' i Committee Begins Cam-
OPPOSES CREATION- OF
NEW STATE COMMISSION
Since Alaska became the property or th«
United States the value of the product of
her fisheries has been over J70.0CO.00O, of
her furs J34.000.000, and the yield of her
gold mines approximately $40,000,000.
The book-writing - Bohemians of San
Francisco have not as a rule achieved
eminent success from a money-getting
point of view. Archie Gunter's career as
writer and. publisher affords an exception
to the rule. He made a princely sum of
money by "Barnes of New York.'' "Pot
ter of Texas" likewise brought shekels
to his purse. General Lucius H. Foote's
book of verses did not hit the public
fancy, but the quality of the work is high.
Charles Warren- Stoddard seems to have
a multitude of readers, but prosperity is
slow In knocking, at his door. Ambrose
Blerce "broke even" in his literary vent
ures. H. J. " W. Dam makes a few dol
lars now and then and .frequently turns
out a clever- story. Ned Townsend ¦• made
a hit in "Chimmie Fadden,'%but has not
been able to repeat the : success. Judge
Dibble's' story, "The Sequel of .a. Trag
edy,", is highly, praised by the reviewers,
but the author's: bank , account is not
bettered by the . book. Captain Robert
Howe Fletcher la a delightful . romancer.
None of the local guild can excel him in
the art of story writing:, but ha fails some
how to . catch ¦ the popular fancy.
In song writing for pastime or effort to
nroduce something 1 to "make a lagging
Jinks go "Willard T.' Barton turned out a
lot of clever things. He had the com*
mercial sense: to copyright some of the
most popular songs ; and 13 therefore the
gainer. "Razsle Dazzle." "Imogene Don
ohue" and the "Dude, Fosterheimer; are
Barton -compositions-
Bohemian Authors.
It is quite probable that the book will
prove to be a revenue producer. The au
thor lost nothing in the publication of his
Egyptian sketches. • In- tact he came out
ahead In a pecuniary sense. What pleased
him most was , the favorable mention, of
his book by leading English reviews.
The Klondike book is half finished. It
is to be completed under delightful' aus
pices at Santa Barbara, one of the most
enchanting of all the alluring places in
California. The owl at the Bohemian
Club shed a real feather when it was
whispered around that Jere Lynch was
packing, up his belongings for a sojourn
in a cottage by the sea. No doubt the
author, In his cozy cottage at Santa Bar
bara,; will gather about him kindred
spirits and entertain them in a fashion
becoming a man of letters, and in a style
of hospitality worthy, of the great circle,
in the far away frozen north. -
Book Writing at Santa Barbara.
Lynch went to Dawson some years ago,
taking with, him money to invest. It is
common gossip here and in the Northwest
Territory that he invested }t prudently
and derived large profits from the work
ings of one particularly good mine. But
the writing of books, while not so remun
erative as the delving for golden treasure
in the gulches of the Klondike, affords
Lynch far more pleasure than he derives
from gold digging. Hence he devotes his
leisure hours to book writing. ' '"
Jere Lynch's fancy turns again to liter
ature. He is -writing another book. The
volume ¦ will .. probably be published In
i-oridon by ths firm that gave its imprint
to Lynch's "Egyptian Sketches." The
new book will tell about the Klondike in
particular and the Arctic Circle . in gen
eral. • . , •
The board of ¦ medical examiners shall have
authority to prepare and adopt standards from
which to - Judge the physical ability - of appli
cants and. to conduct the medical examination
In any manner that to them may seem fit and
proper. -
The examinations will be held m the follow-
If the Police Commissioners are of the opin
ion that applicants should be examined to
determine their physical fitness to perform the
duties ot a higher rank such examination shall
be conducted, without expense; to the appli
cants, by a board of medical examiners com
posed of the police surgeon "and two members
of the Board of Health, said board to be ap
pointed by the Board of Civil Service Commis
sioners upon the nomination of his Honor,- the
Mayor. Each applicant shall be examined by
all the- members of said board of medical ex
aminers, acting as a board, and only those ap
plicants passed by eald board shall be con
sidered eligible for examination for promo
tion., - • ¦ . ¦ • - .
Medical Examination.
As the Police Department has ,no records
showing the meritorious public service of
members each applicant will be rated 100 on
this subject; provided, that If the applicant
ever has been convicted before the Police Com
missioners lor .infractions of the rules or regu
lations of the department he shall be penalized
In accordance with the following schedule, the
credits indicated being deducted from 100 and
the remainder being the applicant's rating for
meritorious public service:
Absence from beat, 20; asleep on duty, 20;
assault, 20; cowardice, 50; exceeding author
ity 20; insubordination, 25; intoxication, 50;
intoxication (second offense), 100; neglect of
duty, 20; tardiness, 10; all other offenses, 20.
I'fllce Records — The Police Commissioners
shall furnish the Civil Service Commissioners
with abstracts of the records of the Police De
partment showing the date of the appointment
ot each applicant and the charge or charges.
If any, preferred against him betore the Police
Commissioners and the action taken In each
case. Such abstracts of the records shall be
properly authenticated by the signature of the
secretary of the Police Commission and the
official seal of said commission. <j>
Meritorious Public Service.
Scope: "Written examination," 5 credits;
seniority in service, 8; meritorious public ser
vice, 2; total, 10 credits.
The written examination shall be subdivided
into three subjects, vis. : General knowledge of
duties, 3 credits; writing of reports, 1; arith
metic, 1; total, 5 credits. General knowledge
of duties shall cover the duties ' of the rank
to which the applicant seeks ta be promoted.
Writing of reports shall be a test of the relative
ability of applicants to make proper reports
upon a hypothetical ca3e, the conditions ot
which will be presented. In this exercise
handwriting, spelling and grammar will be
considered. Arithmetic shall be confined to
primary examples.
In awarding credits for seniority in service
the highest rating. 100, shall be given to the
senior applicant— that , is, the applicant first
appointed. 'Each ether applicant shall lose one
citdit tor each year's difference between his
service and that of the senior applicant.
The Civil Service and Police commis
sions held a joint meeting yesterday in
Mayor Schmltz's office and approved the
plan for' promotions in the Police Depart
ment v/hich v/as adopted by the first
named board. The plan follows:
Jere Lynch Is Finishing
a Book About the
Klondike.
Rules for Elevation of
Police Officers Are
Formulated.
The people are of the opinion that some of
the School Directors desired very much to ad
vance the salaries of the favorite principals.
Thla^they could only do by creating some
twelve, sixteen and twenty class schools. I And
this probably was the motive of the scheme
which was to be carried out, even though the
primary pupils, their parents and large sections
of the city "were to be greatly inconvenienced
and made to suffer, for lack of . convenient
school accommodations, and the neighborhood
endangered by Immensely large, high and un
pl?htiy frame school buildings. The people
think that the School Directors showed In this
affair their incorapetency very palpably.
•What the people do want are more school
houses of modern construction and conveniently
located for the pupils they are to serve;- and
they do not want the" school fund squandered
on senseless, undesirable additions to out-of
date frame structures — Just for the sake of
creating high-salaried princlpalsblps at th« dis
posal of the School Directors.
Some of the members of the local lodge
think it would be cheaper to drive the
herd of elks from Bakersfleld to the Yo
semlte, and volunteers from the . lodge
may be called for to act as vaqueros.
brought, they nevertheless proceeded with the
objectionable additions and had plans made for
fourth-story additions to these already too high
buildings, when legal steps were taken against
them and the Board or Public T.'orks. as also
against the builder to whom the contract for
the Dudley Stone school had been let.' All of
them were enjoined.
Brother Charles H. Jackson of San
Francisco Lodge has made a generous
offer to No. 3. He stated yesterday that
'should the members of the lodge of this
city be anxious to secure the herd' ho
would be glad to turn the animals out at
the Napa Springs and appoint a man to
look after them.
The question was brought up before San
Francisco Lodge No. 3 last Friday. A
committee was appointed to look into the
matter and report, and it is believed that
the iodge by itself will accept Miller &
Lux's generous offer. The cattle firm
thinks the herd should be preserved in a
public park in memory of the olden days
of the Golden State
Down near Bakersneld there Is a herd
of 500 four-footed elks that is owned by
Miller & Lux. The cattle firm has. of
fered to present to the Elk lodges of Cal
ifornia this last remnant of the Golden
State's once teeming moose population
under certain conditions. These are that
the lodges pay for transporting the noble
quadrupeds from the alfalfa field3 of the
oil region, where they hold their present
social sessions, to the Yosemlte Valley
reservation and employ a keeper for them
for at least one year. The cattle firm's
representatives say that the members of
the antlered herd are now mere pets and
that they will need a guardian until, un
der the influence of their proposed pri
mordial surroundings, they relapse Into a
wird state. The cattlemen say it will
take fully a year for the beasts to be
come auite savage again— that is, so they
will.be gay enough at least not to poke
off to bed among the pine trees earlier
than 11 o'clock and rugged enough not to
have to go down to the soda springs the
first thing when they wake up.
The Elk lodges of California are on the
verge of embarking- in the livestock busi
ness, real quadruped elks to form their
herd. They have been made an offer by
the cattle firm of Miller & Lux, which.
If accepted, will make them at least the
temporary custodians of quite a large
family of antlered pets. Should the
ledges decide to accept the cattle firm's
offer they will call upon Uncle Sam to
furnish them free pasturage In the Yo
semtte Valley.
It was further illustrated to them that the
expense of the purchase of said lot and a mod
ern school building erected thereon would prob
ably not exceed much, if anything, the cost
of making the contemplated additions to the
Dudley Stone and the Fremont Primary school
buildings, as outlined by the School Directors,
whf-reas the contemplated additions were ob
jectionable to the residents and property own
ers and in flagrant violation of the building
ordinances of tills c'.ty and county.
But In spit*' of all the pleadings, petitions,
ereuments and protests, and In spjje of being
warned that injunction proceedings would he
Scores Phelan's School Eoard.
It wae further pointed out to the School
Directors that a lot of 150 feet frontage by
437 :« feet in depth could be purchased for
about $7500 in the vicinity of Cole and Freder
ick streets in the very center of the present
as well as future population of the districts,
where the Pacific Improvement Company was
Belling land at that time at the price men
tioned.
Since 1897 the people of the Ashbury Heights
and Panhandle districts have been petitioning
for better and more convenient school accom
modations than that afforded by the Dudley
Stone. Fremont and Jackson primary school
buildlnge, the latter of wblch is a. small, un
fcanitary makeshift affair, rented from private
parties and eltuatefi on Stanyan street, near
Pace During the last two years the needs
for school accommodations of the districts have
become more pressing than ever, and time and
again the requirements of the districts have
beea officially brought to the notice or th«
tchool Directors.
It wu ehown to them that in the entire ter
ritory from Masonic avenue on the east to
Seventh avenue on the west, and from Mc-
Aillster street on the north to Clarendon ave
nue and Seventeenth street on the south, more
than two square miles In extent, the munici
pality did not own a single school building,
nor any land available for such.
It was Illustrated to the Bchool Directors
that the Dudley Stone and Fremont Primary
school buildings, situated respectively in the
extreme easterly and northeasterly portions cf
the districts, were too far distant to accommo
date the children conveniently, that more than
2»0 of them were compelled to carry their din
ners to school, that any additions to said school
buildings as they contemplated making were
not desired by the people of the districts, that
the prud«it course to pursue would be to pur
chase » centrally located 6chool lot and erect
a modern eight or twelve class school building
thereon, and not fritter away thousands of
dollars on objectionable additions to old build
ings not conveniently located for the school
population.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday stopped pay
ment on the demand for $3250 drawn by
the Board of Education to pay for a lot
adjoining the Fremont School on McAllis
ter street, between Broderick and Baker.
The holding up of the demand is prelim
inary to an investigation which will be
commenced against Directors Mark and
Denxnan to ascertain why the sum named
was agreed to be paid when three differ
ent lots, in the same block have been of
fered for $22)0 and another* for $2000.
C D Saltleld, president of the Ashbury
Heights end Panhandle Districts Im
provement Club, submitted figures from
several real estate agents to show that
the price charged for the lot purchased
by the board is exorbitant. Mark and
Denman. in replying to the charge that
the Fremont School addition novr being
built is costly, have, in a communication
to the Mayor, thrown the blame on'Sal
fleld for bringing injunction proceedings
to restrain the last board from building
an additional etory on the Dudley Stone
building in defiance of the building ordi
nance. Because they were enjoined in
that case, the Bchool Directors, according
to Mark and Denman, decided to exca
vate under the Fremont School Instead of
adding a story on the top of the build
ing. Salfield yesterday filed a lengthy
communication with the Mayor giving a
history of the controversy between the
people of the Ashbury Heights district
and the Board of Education. *
"Want Better School Accommodations.
Auditor Baehr 13 making an effort to
pay interest amounting to" $12,000 to teach
ers on their salary claims for November
and December, 1S98, which were recently
paid under a constitutional amendment.
Baehr finds that the sum was appropri
ated in the last tax budget, but no at
tempt has been made to pay the Interest
The merchant creditors protested against
.paying interest to teachers and not to
"them. An attorney threatened to bring
suit to restrain the payment of Interest,
but no action was ever taken. The Audi
tor thinks that as provision was made to
pay the interest it should be paid, and he
will bring the matter to the attention of
the Board of Supervisors-
Eaehr Finds an Appropriation in Tax
Budget, but Claims Are Not
Settled.
AUDITOR WOTJXD PAT *
INTEREST TO TEACHEBS
GUILD OF LOCAL
STORY WRITERS
ADOPT THE TEST
FOR PROMOTIONS
Mayor Schmitz Investi
gates Alleged Ex
horbitant Price.
Cattle Firm Proposes an
Extensive Gift of
Livestock.
- A surprise party was given to Henry
Applarius on .his twenty-third birthday.
January 22 at his residence, 3008 Sixteenth
street. Those present were: Nora Frahm,
Gertrude Barge, Alice Kortjohn, Augusta
Hulsmann, Mrs. E. Lange,. Mrs. H.. Ap
plarius, Gus Barthold, Lorenz Hansen,
Otto Hulsmann, Dick Tidermann, Will
Barge, Henry Lindermann, Herman Lin
dermann, Will Schultz, Nick Len, George
Frahm, Henry Applarius and Herman
Madison. - ¦•¦%*¦: ¦¦ ¦¦', •-.
'An elaborate dinner was given last
Thursday by Mrs. Henry Mayer, 233 Oak
street, In honor of her birthday.
An enjoyable "at home" was given last
week by Miss Carrie Oakley at her resi
dence, 200 Fair Oaks street. Those present
were: Miss Edna Johnson, Miss Bessie
Pcnnington, Miss Perces Commergues,
Miss Berta Cummergues, <Miss Lillian
Oakley, Miss Emma Johnson, Miss mile
Spreckels, Miss Edith Hopkins, Miss Car
rie Oakley, Miss Stella Jacobs, Irvin San
born, Gus Heuer, Dr. Cummings, George
Shaw, Hon. J. Veres, Lloyd Cummergues,
Dr. Leonard, Captain Leslie, Lieutenant
F. Husband and Dr. Hackett.
A surprise party was tendered Miss
Clara Gomersal at her home, 272 Seventh
street, on Thursday evening, January 16.
An enjoyable evening was spent in danc
ing, singing and gumes. Kefreshments
were served at 12 o'clock. Tne guests
were: „,
Miss Sarah Dawson, Lottie Caveney,
Kate Sullivan, Helen Desmond, Annie
Featherstone, Nora Dawson, Belle Pow
ers Kittle lversen. Rose Kilmer, May
Kio'rdon, Lizzette Bradbury, K. Ely, Ar
thur Murphy, John Baruther, Louis Lieb
reicks, William Connors, James Lombard,
James Dott. Kichard Landers, George
Lettrell, Joe Wheeler, Frank Williams,
Patrick Green, Michael Wilson, Charles
Clarke, John Kiordon, George Hannon,
Fergus and John Gomersal, Peter Vaulas
and Ralph Marsh.
A euchre party was given at the Lenox
by Mrs lSiien Bennett and Miss Lena
James, assisted" by Miss Bryant. The par
lors were beautifully decorated. Kefresh
ments were served at 12 o'clock, after
which the guests departed.
Last Saturday evening Mr. and Mrs.
William Wellrich'gave a delightful party
in honor of the birthday of their daughter,
Edith. The "evening was spent in music
and games. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. William Oellrich. Mr. and
Mrs F. Holz, 'Mrs. J. Waiters, Miss B.
Browell, Miss Alvina Oellrich, . Miss Dul
lia. Miss Annie and Rebecca Cornahrens,
K Oellrich, C. Hathaway, C. Rowles, O.
Oellrich, F. Anthers, V. Holland, G. Pred
dey and P. Bauch.
A very enjoyable birthday party was
given Saturday evening, January 18, to
Arthur Jespersen by Ins motlier in honor
of his twenty-first birthday, at his resi
dence, 2983 Twenty-fourth street. The
house was decorated with violets and smi
lax and draped with American. flags and
lanterns. Covers were laid for fifty. The
evening was pleasantly spent in singing,
dancing and playing gamed. Among those
present were: - Mr. and Mrs. Jespersen
Smith, Mr. and Mrs. J. Petersen, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Merrill, Captain and Mrs. Chris
topherson, Mrs. W. J. Daley, Mr. and Mrs.
Hanson, Mrs. Walters, Mrs. Keenan. Mr.
and Mrs. F. Burkhardt, Mr. and Mrs. Lit
tle. Mrs. Merrill Sr.. Mrs. Burke, Misses
Lizzie and Annie Petersen, Annie Bai
ley, Sophie and Dina Hanson, Maud Mc-
Morton, Lillian and Adrian Fitzgerald,
Miss Johnson, Kittle Burke, Maggie and
Maizle O'Brien, Miss Brown, Rose Grell
mann. Nellie Flynn. Freda Abraham, Ar
thur Jespersen, Adolph Petersen. Fred
Grellmann, George Wells, Joseph Collins,
James Hanson. Chris Petersen, William
Maddson. George Knglehart, Harry Mer
rill, John McMorton, Joseph Fitzgerald,
Harry Marquardt, "Walter Abraham,
Adolph Abraham, Walter Marianl, Charle3
Amiet, Denis Murry and Frankie and
Raymond Merrill. ' • ,
A theater party was given Saturday
evening, January 18, at the Alcazar by
Mr. and Mrs. William Brown in honor of
Miss Flora Herscher from Cincinnati,
Ohio, who is here visiting her sister, Mrs.
A. Greenfield of Pinole.
Home Parties.
lngr order: First, for promotion to lieutenant:
second, for .promotion to captain; third, for
promotion to corporal; fourth, for promotion to
sergeant.
When the assessment roll was raised sev
eral times during the decade ending in l')00
the clerical expenses were borne by the city.
Up to tne year 1893 the State paid annually
a pro rata of expenses incurred In the As
sessor's and Auditor's offices for making up
the assessment roll. - .
The transportation charges to Sacramento for
moneys due the State are not properly a charge
against the State. Formerly a percentage was
allowed to cover the expense, but this haa
been abolished by the statute.
The amount paid by the city for school taxes
la not In excess of Its share, as It Is simply
a matter of apportionment to the number of
Bchool children in each county.
The city is nt paying more than it Bhould
when real property Is sold to the State for
taxes, the expenses under the new law being
less than formerly.
Cyril Williams, expert of the Board of
Supervisors, filed a report yesterday with
the Judiciary Committee in reply to cer
tain questions referred to him. Williams
says In his report that San ¦ Francisco
County, under a law which was repealed
in 1895. collected $42,982 in 1892-93, $50,817 43
in 1893-94, $57,117 73 in 1894-95 and $10,015 31
in 1895 from the State for the maintenance
of indigents in the Almshouse. The re
port says further: ;. •
tions Affecting the Sums Paid
Out by the City.
Expert Williams R«ports on Ques-
STATE GIVES NO MONEY
TO MAINTAIN' INDIGENTS
STOP PAYMENT
ON SCHOOL LOT
OFFERS LODGES
HERD OF ELKS
The wedding of Sigmund Beck and Miss
Josephine Stein took place at the Malson
Alladio last Sunday evening, Rabbi Isi
dore Myers officiating. The bride looked
very charming and was attended by Miss
Carrie Apple, who acted as maid of
honor; Miss Bertha Beck, bridesmaid,
and Miss Irene bttin. .Louis Cohen was
best man ana iiarun Stein acteil as
groom.
The parlors in which the ceremony took
place were beauuiuliy decorated and
after the ceremony- auout eighty guests
sat down to a bountiful . supper, where
with music and toasts three nours were
passed. Rabbi Myers was toastmaster
lor the occasion, assisted by joscpji J.
Liberman of London. Dancing concluded
the merriment, wnich lasteu until tne
early hours in the morning.
Mr. and Mrs. Beck leit tor their honey
moon Monday morning on a southern
trip.
the marriage of S. H. Harris and Miss
Belle Adler took place last Sunday even
ing in the banquet hall of the Pooale
Dug, corner ot Eddy and Mason streets,
the Rev. Dr. Isidore Myers officiating.
Around the supper table were seated fifty
guests.
The center was a myriad of incandes
cent lights covered in red figured silk.
Around the plates were strewn roses, vio
lets and smllax. After a choice menu
was partaken of telegrams from all parts
were read and toasts were made, wishing
the young couple godspeed on their jour
ney throush lite. '¦ .
Dancing was indulged in until a late
hour. The bride wore brocaded white silk
with Irish point lace and chiffon. The
bridal veil was of tulle with orange blos
soms. Miss Maude Adler acted as maid
of honor. Charles Harris was best man.
The post-nuptial reception will be held
this atternoon at the home of the couple,
23 Belcher street, between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth.
George W. Read was married to 'Miss
Ethel A. Homer last. Friday at San Ra
fael by Justice of the Peace Rodden.
Fred Lighe was best man and Miss Olive
Macilaster bridesmaid. The groom is
connected with the dental college. Univer
sity of California. The bride la the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William H.
Homer cf Polk street. They will re
side at 357 Fell street.
They're Married.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius TV. Raphael have
moved to their new residence, 2705 Bu
chanan street.
Mrs. J. C. Cohen, wife of the manager
of the Honolulu Orpheum, returned on
the Alameda after an extended visit with
her relatives. ' '"-• - *• — »•"* — *-»•••--
Guests recently registered at the Hotel
Rafael are: Mr. and Mrs. ¦William H.
Mills/Miss Grace Reynolds, Mr. and Mrs.
N. C. Batin, Mrs. J. M. Litchfleld, George
Haas. Mrs. D. J. Gregor, Miss Bonner.
San Francisco; Mrs. D. C. McLaughlln,
Miss Isabel Lais McLaughlin, Salt Lake
City; Miss Miner. Seattle; J. H. Ervin,
New York City; Miss Florence Reynolds,
Chicago; Mrs. Philip Malcolm, Portland,
Or.; Miss Helene Wledersheim, Oakland.
Mrs. A. E. Green has moved to 827
Golden Gate avenue. At home fourth
Mondays. • .
Mr. and Mrs. S. . Reisman announce the
confirmation of their son Alfred Satur
day, February 1, at the Geary-street
Temple. A reception will be held Satur
day and Sunday afternoons at the family
residence, 413 Clementina street.
To-day Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Licht will
celebrate the first anniversary of their
marriage. They will receive their friends
at 34S9A Sixteenth street.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Jacobowicz announce
the confirmation of their son Joe at the
Geary-street Temple Saturday, February
1. Reception Sunday, February 2, at
their residence, 1308 Howard street.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Kraken (nee Cas
sel) will be at home to their friends to
day between 2 and 5 p. m., at their resi
dence, 1497 Geary street.
Airs. H. Stern and Miss Cella Stern will
be at home on the first Thursday in Feb
ruary at 2005 Buchanan street.
Mr. and Mrs. N. D. Newman anonunco
the barmitzva of their son Lloyd Satur
day, January 25, at the Sherith Israel
Synagogue, corner of Post and Taylor
streets.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank will be pleased to
receive their friends at their reception
this afternoon from 2 to 5 at their resi
dence, 148 Hickory avenue.
Mrs. Abe Davidson, formerly Meta Ash
er, of Sioux City, Iowa, is visiting her
parents at 2213 Sutter street and will be
pleased to see her friends.
Miss Gussie Hirsch has returned from
an extended trip through Southern Cali
fornia, where she has been visiting
friends. - "
Mr. and Mrs. A. Simons and Miss Lil
lian Simons of Bradford, Pa., are spending
the winter with Mr. and Mrs. Louis S.
Simons at 2156 Clinton avenue, Alameda.
At home Sundays and Thursdays.
Miss Grace Fern, California Hotel, has
changed her reception day to first Mon
day. .
Dr. and Mrs. Alvinza Haslehurst have
returned from San Mateo and are at the
Granada Hotel.
Dr. Fitzpatrick has returned from an
extended tour of the United States.
Mrs. M. Davidson will b« at home
Wednesday, February 6, at 1414 McAllister
street.
Personals.
Mrs. Caroline Haas announces the en
gagement of her daughter Beile to K. S.
.Duugherty of Carson, Nev.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Enllch of 3009 Van
Ness avenue have issued invitations for
the marriage of their daughter Minnie to
Louis U. H. Thoene. The wedding will be
solemnized at St. John's Church, Mason
street, near Jackson, on the evening of
February 5, at 8 o'clock. The bride-elect
is beautiful and accomplished and an en
ergetic church worker, while Mr. Thoene
is quite popular in church circles, being
superintendent of St. John's Sunday
School and leader of the choir.
Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Barnett announce
the engagement of their daughter Lillian
to Herbert M. Davidson. The engage
ment reception will be held Sunday, Feb
ruary 2, at 1453 O'Farrell street from 2 to
5 p. m.
Mrs. M. A. Edwards of 1025 Seventh
avenue, East Oakland, has announced
the engagement or her sister, Miss Mercy
Margaret Edwards, to William Charle3
Constable, son of W. M. Constable, archi
tect and builder, of this city and Oakland.
Miss Edwards is a beautiful and highly
accomplished young lady. Mr. Constable
is a civil engineer.
At.a'heuit party given at their resi
dence, 2lo2 Cliutun a.enue, Alameda, on
icionday evening, January 'M, JMr. and
Mrs. 'x nomas J. Davis announced the en
gagement of their daughter Grace to
Walter B. Tuft.
Mr. and Mrs. Hermann Stern announce
the engagement oi tneir uaugtuer Celia
to Alvis Kohn. ¦
The engagement reception of Miss
Gertie Lapidaire and. Louis M. Getz will
be held at 1047 McAllister street this aft
ernoon between 2 and 5 o'clock.
They're Engaged.
tinuous round of luncheons has
permitted popular debutantes to be feted
again and again, while all visitors have
been the recipients of San Francisco's
true, warm-hearted and generous hospi
tality.
y^s^o OCIETY has been in a whirl for
/P"""""^ the past week, but the whirl
ySA^\ has been a happy one. Dancea
" galore have been enjoyed— in
Sf^^y. fact, the socials have averaged
more than one a night. A con-
The Michigan Club was pleasantly en
tertained at the home of the vice presi
dent, Professor Elisha Brooks, on Tues
day evening, January '14, 1902. The fea
ture of the evening was progressive
euchre, the prizes being won. by Mrs. H.
Herrington and E. Brooks. Dainty re
freshments were served after the gam«.
Miss Frankie Gaughran entertained the
members of the Sine Cura Club on Tues
day evening at her home, 2437 Harrison
street.
cotillon this season at Golden. Gate Hall
on, the evening of the 18th. The hall was
prettily decorated. About 120 couples par
ticipated during the evening. The next
cotillon will be held on the 19th of April:
Among thosepresent were: Miss E. A.
Dillon, Miss Edith Bpooner, Miss Bessie
Harvie, Miss L. de Lano; Miss Lou Buck,
Miss Louise Van Kirk, Miss Lillian East
wood. Miss L. Slmpklns, Mrs. G.' G. Fris
bee, Miss M. Earhart, Miss Emma Hahn,
Miss A. White. Miss F. Martin, Mias
Daisy Conroy, Miss Edith Eastwood, Miss
Gussie Stolz, Miss Edith Pollard, Miss
Ester Halleron* Miss Grace Bagley, Miss
F. Martin, F. D. Hall, Robert Martland,
Alan W. Maginls, Louis de Lano, J. L.
Frisbee, B. M. Jones. J. Baptistar, L. H.
Stewart, G. G. Frisbee, E. Earhart, V.
LaMotte, Claudius Perry, R. C. Daniels.
H. C. Blake, E. Merguire, Gus Soher, O.
G. Sanches. Percy Peters, M. G. Owens
and J. L. Martin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
SOCIETY NEWS
i To-morrow* I T will « sell \ at No. T ; Sixth
street for- your husband a $15.00 suit * for
$3.50, a cloak for yourself worth $7.50 for.
lust $1.65. There will be on sale. 500 pairs
of shoes worth ' $2.50 to $3.50 for 51.15.
Everything must and will be sold ' Only
three weeks left to dispose of. the $10,000
stock of clothing, > shoes and furnishing
goods of the Monarch, No. 7; Sixth street,
near Market." I. Dresner/Manager. •
Indies, Please Take Notice.
Club Parties.
The Ix>s»Amiffos Club gave Its fourth
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SlGTIArmBARGAINS
A NUMBER OF NEW PIANOS AT
ALMOST HALF-PRICE.
JTJST A FEW OF THEM. DON'T PUT OFF
COMING IF YOU WANT ONE. EAST
MONTHLY PAYMENTS CAH
BE ARRANGED FOR IF
DESIRED.
During the comius week we wish to dispose,
of several new sample uprtsrnt pianos, and to
get them all out -ol : the way before Inventory.
FebruaryM. we offer. them at a tremendous re-
duction from regular, retail prices.
For ?145. payable cash, or $25 down and $10
a month, wo will sell you to-morrow a better
and in every. way more serviceable piano than
you can. buy .elsewhere for $230., . .
And for $180 we offer choice of several new
large size walnut or mahogany cased upright
planosi such as could not regularly b« sold fop
less than 8300. . ,V '*
Two very fine toned, but somewhat plain
cased strictly high-grade uprights will go
Monday for $235 and $242 each. Pay $25 down
and $10 a month. These pianos are worth al-
most double what we ask for them.
One mahogany, one oak and two most beau-
tifully mottled walnut, very highest ' grade
pianos that cannot ordinarily b« obtained for
less than $500. will be sold to close out quickly
for $318. same terms as above.
Also ona very choice figured English oak
cabinet grand at almost $200 less than what
this or same g^ade Instrument can be obtained
for ordinarily In this or any other city.
EILERS PIANO CO.,
-645 Market Street,
Sen Francisco, <"al. ¦• '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND 'WASHINGTON STS. — RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 80 day;
$5 to $8 week; IS to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; flr» grata la
every room; elevator runs all night.
_______ '.'_ ¦_ _ _ _ _ •_ _ /;_ _ t NEWMAN & EEVIgSON. _ -/._._._.'
— =— mmmfmi^m^^. ==—
January Stock-Taking Sale
• The endof our great sale is in sight. This is the last week previous to our annual stock taking.
In every department broken assortments of good reliable merchandise will be sacrificed regardless of
cost or value. In these few days we look to unload three months* accumulations of odds and ends.
Silk; W aists Reduced
' High-grade Silk Waists reduced to less than the price of the silk ; all are stylish and well made,
some are prettily tucked, others elegantly hemstitched, lace trimmed and embroidered — in the most
fashionable colors that are suitable for evening and street wear — offeredfor a quick clearance,
$6.oo, $6.50, $7.25 Silk Waists, <f i CA I $10.75, *i3-75» $15.00, $18.00 (£7 CA
Reduced to - - - - - - - - - Cp4.3U J Silk Waists, Reduced to - - - • . vpi.3U
One-Quarter Off One-Quarter Off
Real Lace Curtains Hand-madb L acc Scarfs and Squares
Rich and. Elegant Real Renaissance Lace In this sale of High-Class Scarfs, Center Pieces
Curtains, in beige color, on heavy French net, and Squares, styles represented are in the hand-
with insertion and exquisite border patterns. An made Duchesse, Venetian, Arabian and Battenberg
opportunity that seldom presents itself. Goods Laces, with colored silk centers. The assortment of
are marked in plain'figures — look at the regular these imported novelties is so complete that every
selling prices— and deduct one-quarter. wish can be met. For this week one-quarter oil.
$15*75 instead of $21.00 $33.75 Instead of $45.00 $3.00 instead . of $4.00 $13.50 instead of f 18.00
20.25 instead of 27.00 54.75 instead. of 7300 6.00 instead of 8.00 15.75 instead of 21.00
27.00 instead of 36.00 67.50 instead of 90.00 8.25 instead of 11.00 18.75 instead of 25.00
33.00 instead' of 44.00 82.50 instead of no.oo_ 11.25 instead of 15.00 36.00 instead of 48.00
A Great. Handkerchief Clean-Up
Cleaning-up sale of hundreds of odd handkerchiefs for ladies' use. A great many are .
in perfect condition, but some are slightly soiled, others mussed from window displays; can j //^
be made as good as new by any laundry. They are scalloped and hemstitched, I I Lj
embroidered. Our regular 25c and 35c values — price to close - --- - «¦•¦ w
Dotted Dress Swisses Imported Bath Robes
At Reduced Prices At Reduced Prices
„,, \ , r. c - j.u j. x x • ¦ Ddd' sizes in Turkish Crash Bath Robes — in
•White Dotted Dress Swisses that got wet in ch * ed str| and soIjd colors _ at reduced ices^
transit-not marred in the least-they are in $ v $ Robe nQW *
pin and medium dots-purchased to sell for 20c g _,> g Rob now »
and 25c a yard, but owinp t* the slight injury, %: £ Q £ Robes | nQW J
price will be 14c, a yard. • io .5o, 12.00 Robes, now 8.75
Remnants Sacrificed
Not a single remnant is to be taken in stock — all on hand must be sold before Saturday night.
To gain this end, prices have been made so low that a perfect clearance is an absolute certainty.
Ons-half Off Remnants— Prices reduced regardless of cost OflC-third Off
Dress Trimming Silks, Velvets, Corduroys, etc. Ribbon Remnants
and Lace Remnants Lengths ranging from i/ A of a yard to 10 yards ¦
u j j £i\ ¥•• 1* ' 1 *->noicc icngins or piain
To effect a quiclc clear- HUndredS 01 DreSS LlOlOg KenHiaHlS and fancy ribbons — to
ance — these.. offered* at All marked at so great a reduction, that we ad- close quickly we deduct a
one-half the already re- vise* an early call— for at the prices they will }i off the already re-
duced remnant prices, not last long. duced remnant prices
1 ¦ •
I Kearny and Sutter Streets ||
ADVERTISEMENTS. i-_ _'--'-
WOMEN AND THE WEATHER.
ITS EFFECT ON THEM.
By MARGARET L. BRIGGS.
CALL RIGHTS RESERVED.)
It is a fact that most women are depressed in cloudy weather. A well-
known woman writer says It Is because women do not' choose their clothes
properly; that women should wear bright colors on a cloudy day, some-
thing to give cheer to the sombre surroundings. But that this is a mis-
taken Idea Is quickly shown by a careful study of the physical condition of
the body.
For If you go into the matter carefully, you will find that all women are
not depressed and gloomy in cloudy weather— it is only a certain class of
women; and following: it up you will come to the conclusion that women
who suffer from some, female disorder are subject to this despondency
from rainy weather. In other words, the really strong, healthy women ar-j
not affected by weather; and if a woman is affected by weather, It is a sure
indication that she is sick.
Those women who have some inflammation of the generative organs
are most subject to this despondency. It attacks them particularly In the
spring time, and causes the sufferer to become too tired and languid to at-
tend to her duties, almost.
The number of women affected In this way Is amazing. There is no
doubt that half of the women of our country have some disorder of the
feminine organs. Inflammation sets in and attracts to the diseased organs
much of the vitality of the body, leaving the sufferer weakened and nerv-
ous. This may cause her little pain— she may th!nk the pain she suffer
natural to all women — but the nervousness and lack of strength almost in :
variably indicate the presence of feminine troubles. To add to the dis-
comfort, on cloudy daVs the vitality is still further lowered by the condi-
tion of the air we breathe, ar.d the woman is depressed, often to the verse
of feeling that life is unbearable.
There is. too, another kind of ailing woman, the woman who always
has a cold. She gets it every time the weather changes; she gets it when
her house is not evenly heated, as she passes from one room to another.
She gets it unless she is bundled up just so whenever she goes out, she
gets it from draughts in the house.
Here again you will find that the healthy woman is not troubled. It
is the woman whose vitality is low, whose physical condition is not strong
enough to throw off the effects of atmospheric changes. It is the woman
¦who is nervous and anaemic, or it is the young girl just starting out in
her womanhood, who Is pale and thin and listless.
There Is no reason why any woman should be continually depressed,
. or have a cold two-thirds of the time. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound will overcome these troubles. Susceptibility to cold and de-
spondency is due to imperfect circulation of the blood. Mrs. Pinkham's
medicine acts directly on the nerve centers of the female organism which
controls the blood circulation. When a woman's organism is In a perfectly
normal and healthy state she is Insured against half the ordinary ills which
make women so miserable — things which apparently have no relation to
female troubles at all, and yet are due to the condition which uterine
troubles impose upon the system. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound will build up the physical condition of the woman who takes It. be-
cause It will cure those female disorders that cause her to become so de-
spondent. The inflammation that :s so troublesome will soon dlsap-
; pear.
Mrs. Pinkham has spent many years in studying these matters, and
knows well what the female organism needs. Every woman, therefore,
may feel certain that health Is hers, if she will but avail herself of the sym-
pathy and advice so freely offered, and do as Mrs. Pinkham suggests.
Address her at Lynn, Mass. Mrs. Pinkham's medicine has been taken by
thousands of women who were nervous and depressed, and the cures re-
ported are marvelous in their success.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will make every despondent
woman strong and healthy, so that her system will immediately throw off
any of the bad effects of weather and toil. Let every woman who Is de-
spondent, every woman who is nervous or in pain from any disorder of the
feminine organism, try this medicine that has done and is doing so much
fcr women.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAER
And all oth«r facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bulldinj?, 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.The National Union.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Cabinet of the National Union' on the 23d
Daughters of Liberty.
The masquerade ball that Is "to be given
by California Council of the Daughters of
Liberty on the night of the 28th Inst Is
to be an Invitational function. The com
mittee In charge has arranged for a first
class programme of dances that will suit
the most captious of all dancers.
Sherwood Circle No. 129 of the Compan
ions of the Forest will *lve Its monthly
social In Laurel Hall of the Shlels build-
In* on the evening of February L A well
arranged programms of dances has been
prepared.
Sherwood Circle to Entertain.
Knights of the Maccabees.
At the review of 8an Francisco Tent on
the 17th Inst.' there was a larre attend
ance, including a number of the old-time
members, among- them Charles H. Van
Orden. Charles Floyd. C. W. Creigh and
Carlton Seeley. Several strangers were
balloted for and elected, after which the
consul commander appointed the follow
ing named standing committees: Visita
tion of the elck, C. W. Seeley, L Guer
niandez and C. Smith; auditing commit
tee, J. M- Jacob!, W. W. Thompson and
"W. B. Greenberg: investigating commit
tee, C. Ertckson, F. LJsden* and L Guer
jnanfiez. Sir Knights George V. Lerol and
J. M. Jacob! were appointed a committee
to arrange for the contest banquet to be
given on the evening of the 22d of. Febru
ary. There were a number of musical se
lections under good of the order.
The officers of Golden West Tent will
be Installed by. State Commander Hall on
the night of the first Tuesday In Febru
ary, after which there will be a good,
old-fashioned Golden West smoker— and
that means a great deal. This tent, which
cas now 235 members, with ten applica
tions on the desk, win soon start a mem
ber's contest, with the Idea of Increasing
the mcmberEhlp to 200 within uixty days.
The following named have been elected
¦and Installed as the officers of Calumet
Gamp for the current term. W. J. BlaiB-
Cell. P. a C was the installing officer:
Al Adams. P. C. C; G. V. Gibbs. C C :
O. D. Petersen, A, I*; D. J. Higuera, B.;
W. C. Greaves. C: R. J. Wharton. E.;
Ben Daly, W.; J. Galvin, 8.; E. M. Ar
reagtula, George Gardella and Charles
Wallace. M.; Thuraton Miller, M. D., phy
sician. .
Golden Gate Camp has had the follow
ing named Installed as its officers for the
current term by Past Consul Comamnder
T. F. Quinlan. assisted by J. L. Geary as
escort:
W. P. Jones, past consul commander; Thomas
J. Barry, consul commander; Ed S Isaacs ad
viser lieutenant; Fred T. Phelpe, banker: D.
CMver Jr., clerk: John Boyle, assistant clerk;
J. J. Donahue, escort: George H. Thompson,
watchman; David Brown, eentry; J F Bright
V. G. Raymoure. Charles Kaufman, managere'
organlst. Professor Charles VTeleel; Dr W P
Buraham. Dr. J. J. Keefe. Dr. George " H*
Evaoi Dr. G. W. Hawkins. Dr. Charles F
English. Dr. M. H. Atkins, physicians
This camp on the 20th Inst. received
eight applications, including that of Mayor
E. E. Schmltz.
Dancing closed the evening's pleasure.
John J. Mitchell was the floor manager
and L. B. Healey his assistant.
North End Camp has arranged for a
emoker on the night of February 6 In
Universal HalL The neighbors of this
new camp propose to make It a very
pleasant affair for the members of the
camp and the visitors.
, Overture, Abblati Orchestra; opening ode
"Woodmen of World." by audience; contralto
tolo. Miss Grace L Savage; monologue come
dian Henry Auerbach; barytone solo. Neighbor
Charles H. V'an Ordea; song and dance, the
little Adams Eisten; remarks. Neighbor P F
GUroy (Chairman Falkenburg. reception com
mittee); aong and monologue, \V J Hynes
soprano solo. Miss Lizzie GlUlgan; dance vol
unteer. Mies Elsa Koch; selections by Profes
sor Grabber's Mandolin and Guitar Class- ex
hibition drill, by Golden Gate Team (Captain L
Native Sons' Hall was crowded to its
limit on the night of the 22d inst. on the
occasion of the entertainment given by
the members of Golden Gate Camp of the
Woodmen of the World. The programme
was in keeping with the high ideas of the
camp and proved a most pleasing one,
even to those who were forced to go way
back and stand up during the perform
ance. The closing number, the exhibition
by the uniformed team of the camp, was
a beautiful rendition of the intricate
movements ot the drill. The following
was the programme of numbers that were
rendered under the direction of the gen
eral committee, composed of Major John
S. Patterson, E. D. Mehin and G. C.
Rouse:
Woodmen of the World.
W. T. Galloway, E. H. Black and F. P.
Duley have been appointed a committee
to make arrangements for a visit by the
Veteran Odd Fellows' Association and the
Past Grands' Association to Oriental En
campment on the 29th of March.
The installation of the following named
officers of San Francisco Lodge was wit
nessed by as many as could crowd into the
hall in which the ceremony took place:
H. L. Meyer. N. G.; H. Lillenthal, V. G.;
J. W. E. Allen, R. S.; F. W. Warren, F.
S.; F. A. Jennings, T.: F. Lafaix W.- J
Rosenblum, O. G.; S. R. Jacobs, C: C. C
Pennel-and G. W. Wright, S. to N. G.;
A. P. Black and J. Roberts, S. to V. G. •
F. Randall and J. B. Millisch, S. S. This
was followed by a programme of music,
songs and literary numbers by Miss Tully
Nina Ftellerson. John Williams, M. Bar
ber, Frances Baxter, A. P. Black, Emma
N. Norman, Jessie Little, Will Harrison
and G. Walcom.
The following named were installed last
week as the officers of California Lodge of
the Rebekahs by District Deputy Mrs
Urquhart and her staff in the presence of
a large number of people: Annie W. Lew
is, past noble grand; Martha Oasosky. no
ble grand; Minnie Simons, vice grand; T.
8. Fine, secretary; Mary A. Hawley, fin
ancial secretary: Rebekah Lee, treasurer;
Cora Lewis, warden; Esther Rosenbaum
conductress; M. Baker, Inside guard; A.
Hinstler, outside guard; Flora Bergman,
right supporter to noble grand; Aggie
McMullan, left supporter to noble grand:
Minnie L. Dallman, right supporter to
vice grand; M. Beck, left supporter to vice
grand: Amelia Obordiner. right altar sup
porter; Flora Ossos?ky. left altar support
er; Sadie J. Kahn. rhaplain. The instal
lation was followed by the presentation of
a handsome jewel to Annie W. Lewis, tho
retiring noble grand, addresses by Mrs.
Hawley and Messrs. Lewis, McKinnie and
Frank E. Smith, and then dancing. This
lodge, which had been quiet for many
months, has taken on new life and. pro
poses to become No. 1 in fact as well as
in numerical number.
Canton San Francisco No. 5. Patriarchs
Militant, has decided to celebrate the next
anniversary of Odd Fellowship on the 26th
of April by a picnic at a point to be de
cided on in the near future.
The amount that has to date been real
ized for the Orphans' Home at the enter
tainment given under the auspices of the.
deputy of this district, Mrs. Floy C. Ur
quhart, and her staff is ?4S7 88, with a
number of tickets yet to be heard from.
During the past term California and
Templar Kebekah lodges worked with a
will to secure the greatest number of new
members. At the close cf the term it was
shown that each had made a net gain of
twenty-six. Each lodge initiated thirty
strangers and each, lost six by death and
suspension, so that neither is ahead.
The date for the old-time minstrel show
to be given by the members of Templar
Rebekah Lodge has been set for the 19th
of March.
California L'dge has had its officers in
stalled for the current term. W. G.'Ayers,
the noble grtu d. Is the youngest noble
grand In the local lodges at this time.
The lodge ii\ Ukiah has had its hall
thoroughly renovated and it is now in
first-class condition "to continue business
at the old place."
The Odd Fellows' Hall Association has
declared another dividend, the third with
in twelve months. The association has
also paid off $3000 of the mortgage on the
property.
Odd Fellowship.
The following: named were Installed as
officers of Crockett Chapter by retiring
Patron Edmund Freund. assisted by Lib
bie Carrie Reid, the retiring matron, act
ing as marshal: Mary Emma Hedemark.
M.; Charles Philip Thomas, P.; Nancy
Colwell Moiles, A. M.; Kate Emily Ed
wards, .8.; Edmund Robert Reid, T.;
Minnie Perrin Freund, C; Henrietta M.
Ross, A. ' C": Birdie Canfleld, A.; Heiene
Paul, R.; Llbbie Emma Reid, E.; Sarah
Jones, M.; Harriett Weymenn, El.; Mary
Thompson, W.; James W. Thompson,
Sent; Elizabeth M. Atherton, O.: Ed
mund Fteund, Chap. Mrs. Reid, the re
tiring 1 matron, was presented with a
handsome Jewel of ber rank, after which
there was a supper, and toasts were re
sponded to by the retiring and new offi
cers, Mrs. Johanna Wilhelmina Aden of
Silver Star Chapter, Geneva B. "Williams
of Beul ah , Chapter, A. W. Jones and A.
A. Paul. The chapter during the past
year initiated twenty-two strangers. . "
Grand Matron Mrs. C. A. Glberson In
stituted Mount -Whitney Chapter at
Bishop last week with twenty charter
members, after which she visited Electa
Chapter of Modesto and installed the of
ficers there. . -.-,.¦
Harmony Chapter had a large attend
ance on the night of the 23d inst., when
four candidates were* initiated in a most
satisfactory manner by Worthy Matron
Ivirs. J. M. Klein and her corps of offi
cers. The manner in which the lessons
of- the order were imparted to the stran
gers was commented upon in most favor
able terms by the many visitors present.
A banquet followed. There were short
addresses by Past Grand Patron Miller
of Oregon; Mrs. Tisdale, matron of Ivy
Chapter; Past Matron Mrs. M. Terwil-
Hger of Golden Gate Chapter, Past Grand
Patrons J. H. Gray and George L. Dar
ling, Charles L. Field,' Captain S. Bonni
fleld and others. At the close of the re
past there was dancing until It was time
to take the last car for home.
Golden Gate Chapter initiated five can
didates at its meeting, last week, and
after the work there was a collation,
dancing and a pleasant social hour for
those who did' not care to dance. .
Olive Branch Chapter expects to have
work on the 27th inst. -
There was a triple installation of the
officers of the chapters in Sacramento
last week, namely, Naomi, Columbia and
Sacramento. The work was by Pant
Grand Patron E. W. Conant. who was
assisted by Mrs. Emma Riehl of San
Jose Chapter as grand marshal. In the
marshaling of ninety-one officers to be in
stalled she displayed remarkable ability,
and at the close of the ceremony wad
congratulated on all sides for the effective
manner in which she discharged the verv
difficult duties imposed upon her. Among
the many who witnessed the work were
the grand matron, grand secretary. Grand
Associate Conductress Mrs. Hickev,
Grand Electa Mrs. Fannie Stewart, -Past
Grand Treasurer Mrs. Runyon, Past Ma
trons Mrs. B. Seymour, Annie M. John
eon, Mrs. Dal ton and Susie M. Willats;
Mrs. Fahrenholtz, matron of Golden Gate
Chapter; Mrs. J. M. Klein, matron of
Harmony; Past Patron Dalton of OaJt
Leaf Chapter, Past Patron Daniels and
Past Matron Daniels of Oak Leaf, and
Mrs. Hickle of Ivy Chapter, besides' many
visitors from chapters in adjacent coun
ties. After the installation there was a
banquet which was partaken of by 400
members of the order.
California Chapter at its last held meet
ing elected eight applicants for admission
Into the order. Theae will be requested
to present themselves for initiation on
the night of the 30th inst., and after the
work of the evening there will be a social
hour. The committee that has In charge
the arrangements for the giving of an
entertainment in aid of the Boya' Band
at the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home presented a progress report which
was very encouraging, and from the in
dications it is probable that the affair
will be a great success. All the members
of the chapter are working hard to make
this event one of tlie most pleasant that
has ever been given- in the name of the
Eastern Star.
The Eastern Star.
February IS. to Golden Gate Circle No. It,
San Francisco: February 15, to Boadlcea Cir
cle No. 3, Kan Francisco; February 18, to Cy
press Circle No. 14, Colma; February 26, to
Olive Circle No. 8, St. Helena; March 12. to
Novato Circle No. 17, Novato; March 13, to
Petaluma Circle No. 6, Petaluma; March 14, to
Olympla <:trcle No. 13, San Francisco; March
27, to KI Dorado Circle No. 12, San Francisco;
March 31. to Evertrroen Circle No. 15, Stock
ton; April 21. to Mistletoe Circle No. V, Mo
desto.
To-day there will be a meeting of the
grove In San Rafael, when a class of sev
enty strangers will be initiated.
The grand arch Druidess announces vis
itations as follows:
Brother Dutra of Gilroy called on the
grand secretary last week and reported
that Gilroy Grove instituted on the 17th
of last April has now eighty-two mem
bers and at the last held meeting received
four applications. ."
Preparations are now being made for
the proper reception of the Grand Grove
that is to meet in Napa this year.
The noble grand arch, the- grand secre
tary and other grand officers paid a visit
to the grove in Santa Rosa on the 24th
Inst.
The noble grand arch and the grand
secretary visited Garden and Columbia
groves in San Jose, being accompanied
by J. M. Lawrance, noble arch of Lib
erty Grove, and A. G. Zerio, past arch of
Golden Gate. Two degrees were confer
red by the officers of Garden Grove in a
most acceptable manner. .
Past Noble Grand Arch Lange reports
that the grove at St. Helena initiated fivo
strangers during the past month and that
steps have been taken to organize a new
circle in that city.
*- NoBle Granifl Arch Godeau, Grand Sec
retary Martlnoni, Grand Trustee Arm
strong-, Grand Treasurer Horn and Past
Arches Wolff and Gomez paid a visit to
Oakland >Grove. A, large and interesting
meeting was held and a great deal of
good resulted from the session. There
was a' banquet and addresses by the vis
iting offlcere and others.
During the early part of last week Dep
uty Grand Arch Guglielmoni of the
United Ancient Order of Druids paid ;i
visit to the recently instituted grove at
Angels and assisted in the initiation of
four Ktrungers. He has also laid the
foundation for a new circle of the order
in that place. In company of Past Arch
Bellonl, he will visit San Andreas and as
sist in the organization of a circle there.
Druidism.
Last Thursday night Grand Dictator
Archibald and Grand Reporter- Johnstone
installed the officers of California Lodge
at Sacramento in public. After the instal
lation there was a programme of music
and dancing.
The officers of Eureka and of Polar Star
lodges were installed last week by Grand
Dictator Archibald.
Deputy Gr^nd Dictator Thomas Learned
has installed the following as officers of
Liberty Lodge of the Knights of Honor:
John Stewart, past dictator: B. E. George,
dictator: James A. Johnstone, vice dic
tator; lf.aac Citron, assistant dictator;
Ber. I. Salomon, chaplain; T. Billingslea,
reporter: W. J. LangstaiT, financial re
porter: U. A. A. Summers, treasurer; H.
M- White, guide; Fritz Palm, guard;. H.
Shoenberg, sentinel, and Messrs. Apgar,
Poultney and BillingSiea, trustees. After
the installation there was an evening of
speeches and story-telling. Among the
speakers were Grand Dictator Archibald,
District Deputy Learned, Dictator B. E.
George, Vice Dictator Johnstone, Chap
lain Salomon and a number of the mem
bers. This lrjdge is arranging for a
smoker or some other entertainment to be
given in the near future., The details of
this will' be arranged at the next meeting
of the lodge.
Knights of Honor.
The following officers of Golden Gate
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft were
recently installed with appropriate and
impressive ceremonies in Myrtle Hall of
the Alcazar building by Past Guardian
Neighbor Mrs. Staneart: Juliette Love,
guardian neighbor: Mary A. Perrin, past
guardian neighbor: Molly Kauffman, ad
vifer; Maud Engelman, magician; Marie
Geary, musician: Mrs. Casey.' Inner, and
Mrs. JCeil, outer sentinel ; Annie Zollver
and Mary Mahoney, managers; Mary
Brooks, attendant: • Hattie Brown, cap
tain of the guards; Lizzie Kammena,
clerk, and Li)iie Meredith, banker. After
the installation 4he retiring past guardian
was presented a. beautiful emblematic
pin by Neighbor Schneidewind on behalf
of the circle and the installing officer was
presented a basket of choice flowers.
Then followed refreshments and a pro
gramme of entertainment and dancing.
Women of "Woodcraft.
New Century Circle on the r:ight of the
6th inst. will give a snowball party In
the social hall of the Alcazar building.
The installation cf the sflicers of Pride
of. the Forest Circle of the Companions
of the Forest cf America In Myrtle Hall.'
Bouth San Francisco, on the evening ot
the 21st inst., was one of the most pieat-
Bnt of the installation season in that or
der. It was on the "occasion of the offi
cial visit of Grand Chief Companion Miss
iViice Ticoulet. Trho wss accoinpanicd by
Urand Sub-Chief Companion Mrs. H.
"Worms and a. delegation from Martha
"Washington Circle. The ha.ll was most
tastefully decorated, and when it came to
the installation of the officers for the cur
rent term the statement, was made that
fcince the grand chief companion had in-
ScaJed the officers for the term just clos
ing the circle had had .unusual good Iuck,
Laving increased its membership to forty,
and fne was asked that s-.ie uKain install
the officers. The request was complied v.'ith
and vhosc whose names have already
been published were obligated and in
structed. At the conclusion > of the offi
cial work of the evening Miss Ticculet
was presented by the circle with a hand
some fire gilt clock, and a like token was
given to Samuel Schweitzer, the dcpr.ty
of the circle, the former for admiration
of the grand chief and the latter in rec
ognition of his valuable assistance to xjs<»
circle. The retiring past chief companion
v.as presented •with a beautiful pin, and
the retiring chief companion with an ar
tistic hand-painted gofa cushion. A col
laticn and dancing followed.
American Companions.
The officers of Livermore Ivodge wore
installed on the 22d ins-t. by General Or
ganizer H. C. Lewis.
San Francisco Lodge, has arranged for
a valentine party on the night of the 14th
inst
Oakland Loage is working to increase
its membership to 600. This lodge is mak
ing- arrangements to entertain the su
preme president on the 7th of Kebruary.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood had six etrangers to initiace
for the 24th inst. At the same meeting
there was read a letter acknowledging
that a death claim had been paid within
ten days from the time of the presenta
tion of the claim.
Fraternal BrotterHood.
Mrs. Genevieve W. Baker, grand presi
dent, makes the following announcement
of dates of official visitations to local par
lors:
Fremont Parlor No. 50. Wednesday, Janu
ary 28; L<a Estrella Parlor No. 89. Saturday,
February 1; Las Lomaa Parlor No. 71', Mon
day, February 10; Orinda Parlor No. 50,
Thursday. February 13;. Darina Parlor No. 114,
Monday. MSTCh'3: Buena Vista Parlor NoJH9,
Thursday, March 'J: tans £euci Parlor No. ?t>,
Monday. March IT; Golden State Parlor No.
50, Wednesday, Marcn i:>; Mlneivni Parlor No.
2. Monday, April 7; Oro Fino Parlor No. ft,
Saturday, Man-h 29; Yosemite Parlor No. 83,
Tuesday, April 1; La Vespero Parlor No. 118,
Tuesday, .March 25; CalaVoras Parlor No. 103,
Tuesday. March 1H; Las Farrpsas Parlor No.
131, Tuesday, May 2T.
The-oHlcers of Princess Parlor were in
stalled by Mrs. L. M. Condy, the work
being perfect. The ceremony was followed
by a. Spanish supper.
The following named have been in
stalled as officers of Aloha Parlor, the
Installing officer being District Deputy
Grand President Susie Kalthoff, who did
remarkably well: Lillie Hansen. past
president; Victory A. Derrick, president;
Sarah Saiiborn, Tillie Frick and Josie
Strehl, vice presidents: Annie. Mpyer, re
cording secretary; l^ulu Rooncv, financial
secretary; Dora Andrews, marshal ; Llbby
Rooney, inside sentinel; Minnie Taber,
outside sentinel: L>aura .Tos?ph, Jenn e
Schluetcr and Mamie Co'.eman, trustees.
The retiring president was presented, a
handsome d amond pin, after which there
was a short- programme and dancing.
During the evening there were addresses
by Grand Vice President Miss Eliza D.
Keith. Grana Secretary Laura J. Frakes.
District Deputy Miss Kalthoff and the
new president.
Piedmont Parlor will give a ball on the
27th inst.
The officers of Darina Parlor, "the par
lor of beautiful girls of the Western Addi
tion," were installed on the night of the
20th inst. by Mrs. J. A. Steinbach, dis
trict deputy grand president, in that most
perfect and impressive manner . that in
the past has won this officer so much
well-deserved praise. She was assisted
by Mrs. A. Mocker as grand marshal and
Mrs. Minnie Kalloch as past grand presi
dent. After the installation there was
the presentation of a. bunch of American
Beauties to Mrs. Hamilton, the retiring
president; a pair of opera glasses to Miso
Genevieve Carroll, the retiring past presi
dent; a silver-top salt and pepper set to the
retiring financial secretary, a silver bonbon
spoon to the retiring treasurer, a bunch
qf violets to Miss McGough and a fine
silver shoehorn, manicure file and velvet
brush, together with a cornet of RusBian
violets, to the installing officers'. One o£
these presentations -was pro forma, be
cause it Is customary to make such, but
the others were prompted by pure fra
ternal love and admiration of those' who
received the several tokens. The presen
tations were followed by a collation.
The following named have been installed
by Julia H. Moller. D. D. G. P.. as the
officers of Verona Parlor of Pleasanton:
"Winnefred Coffaney, past president; Fan
nie T. Ralph, president: Florence Lyster,
Tillie Bernal and Annie Harms, vice pres
idents; Marie Madson. recording, and An
nie Wenigr, ftnuncial secretary; Lena Ras
mussen, treasurer: Grace Rasmussen,
marshal: Charlotte Lucas, inside, and Til,
lie Bloch, outside sentinel; Emma Hellar,
organist, and Dr. Pauline Nusbaumer,
physician. After the installation the in
stalling officer, who was accorded a most
cordial welcome, together with invited
friends and the members of the parlor,
went to the banquet hall, where a sump
tuous repast was served. This was fol
lowed by singing and dancing. This par
lor, which was organized last June by
Mrs. J. Downey, has many enthusiastic
members and they bid fair to make their
organization one of the most brilliant in
the order.
The officers of Oro Fino Parlor and
those of Orinda Parlor were installed by
Deputy Grand President Mrs. Kalloch last
week, and the work was done in a per
fect manner.
Miss Mary Creigh, a beautiful
emblematic sold enameled badge of the
order and of her rank. The installing
officer was presented a fine bunch of
choice roses. Then there was an adjourn
ment to the banquet hall, where there
was a collation and dancing.'
EFTER the public installation of
the officers of Minerva Parlor
on the 20th inst. by Deputy
Grand President Mrs. , Ella
"Wehe,* there was presented to
the retiring past president,
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cisco Council the officers were Installed
by Deputy Bunting, assisted by the prince
of ushers, J. R. McGufflck of California
Council. : After the meeting there was an
interesting discussion of matters relating
to the order and the new officers gave evi
dence of a desire to make a record such as
it tms not had for many years. Secretary
Hill has started a boomers' club and he
expects that every member of it will "be
doin sumthin 1 " for the order and the
council in particular. '
At the last held session of El Dorado
Council one candidate was initiated, two
applications were received, and under
good of the order there was the presenta
tion of a handsome scarf ptn to M. "Was
cerwltz, the retiring president, and an ele
gant souvenir to C. Schuldt, the retiring
ex-president. This -was followed by a
game of progressive whist for elegant
prizes, one being a $12 clock.
Senate Deputy J. N. Bunting, assisted
b y J - R - McGufflck as usher, installed the
officers of Golden Gate Council of the Na
tional Union, who are for the current
term: W. K. Wheelock, president; W. W.
Cress, vice president; D. E. Bessiker. ex
president; W. A. Smith, speaker; J. J.
fccoville, secretary; Theo Frolich, finan
cial secretary; J. H. Baker, treasurer: W.
"•Thompson, chaplain; H. I. Corbett,
usher; William Healey, sergeant; R, H
Mowbray, doorkeeper; Norman R. Arter,
Ih TxV ° nyon « trustees; D. K. Bessiker,
W. W. Cross. Theo Frolich. \V. W. Hea
ley. W. T. Thompson and W. K. Wheel
ock. delegates to the cabinet.
Ihe same officer installed the officers of
California Council, assisted by Friend H.
\v. Maass as usher: A. H. Kingsford.
president: E. A.. Gilbert, vice president;
Charles Bendell. speaker: W. A. S. Nich
olson, ex-president; Charles H. van Or
den. secretary; H. A. Graves, financial
secretary; F.. Schumacher, treasurer;
Ueorge Wale, chaplain; J. R. McGufflck.
usher; r>. W. Clarke, sergeant at arm<=:
A. A. Banz ("Ach Lui"), doorkeeper: G.
"VV. L,uce. H. L. Tickner and V. J. Con
nor, trustees.
inst.- the following named were elected
officers for the current year: C. Scnuldt,
president; E. H. Hills, vice president; H.
W. Maass. speaker; J. N. Bunting, ex
presldent; F. H. Hastings, secretary; W.
W; Healey, treasurer; Joseph A. Wilson,
chaplain; Dr. M. B. Bstes. usher; F. J.
Rump, sergeant; F. Bell, doorkeeper; M»
Levy, Dr. A. H. Millberry and J. Otten
berg, trustees. These officers were in
stalled by Senator Cuthbert after the
president spoke a few words to stimulate
the members. It was the sense of the
meeting that all delegates who fail to at
tend three successive meetings of the
cabinet shall, under the laws, be dropped
from the roll and the' councils asked to
appoint some one who will attend. It was
decided to offer prizes to those members
who shall bring In the greatest number of
members prior to June 30. Friends Maass,
Healey, Hills, Rump and Bunting were
appointed the committee on the extension
of the order and they were given power
to arrange for the offering of the prizes
and to invite the councils of Alameda
County to visit the cabinet during its ses
sion. There were addresses by a number
of members, who offered valuable sugges
tions for the advancement of the order,
and the large number of delegates present
promised to do all in their power to assist
the new officers. It was shown by the re
ports that the cabinet i3 in a healthy con
ditiori and that during the year ending
1901 Yosemite Council had gained 18 mem
bers, California 29, San Francisco 5, Pa
cific 34, Golden Gate 6, El Dorado 47 and
El Capitan 35, making the membership in
this city on that date 1780.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
FRATERNITIES
30
____ APVEBTISEBOnfTa.
I Combination Sale.
I Closing Days.
• ¦¦•.' \ ' i% ' .
•¦ ' • .'¦¦¦¦
i GLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
| Every Garment Will Be Closed Out.
§ PRICES WILL BE CUT IN ORDER TO CLEAN UP ALL WIN-
G TER GOODS— REAL BARGAINS.
2 $io.cx> and $12.00 RAGLANS, 55 inches long, Oxford and Navy, to
2 doseat..... ? 4 ' 95
a $15.00 TAN COVERT RAGLANS, Waist and Sleeves satin lined.
© cut to ; -*I*f^
© $15.00 TAN KERSEY COATScutto $8.45
© $15.00 OXFORD LONG COATS, with double capes, at $7.45
© $16.50 BLACK KERSEY Vx COATS, with double capes, at $0-05
£ $20.00 TAN AND GRAY VENETIAN RAGLANS, to close at $12.95
2 $25.60 SILK-LINED RAGLANScutto $14.95
2 610.00 NAVY CHEVIOT SUITS cut to. 93.96
O $12.50 OXFORD GOLFING SUITS, Velvet Collar, 25 rows of
9 stitching, at ' $4.95
O $15.00 GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS, fancy trimmed, cut now to. . . .£6.45
© $20.00 PURE WOOL GRAY HOMESPUN SUITS, with stitch-
2? ed Satin Revers, elecantly tailored, cut to $12.45
2 $30.00 GRAY, TAN AND BLUE NORFOLK SUITS cut to... $17.45
% $5.00 PURE WOOL BLACK CAMEL'S HAIR SKIRTS to
£ close at $2.95
O $4.50 GARNET, GRAY AND BLUE VENETIAN SKIRTS.
© tailor stitched and trimmed with 3 bands of satin, to close at.. .$1.95
g $3.00 Medium and Dark Gray HOMESPUN SKIRTS, lined .
*K throughout with Percaline. to close out at $1.25
S $7.50 EXTRA HEAVY PURE WOOL BLACK GOLFING
a SKIRTS at '- $3.O5
§ $10.00 PURE WOOL GOLF CAPES cut to $4.95
O $3.50 CHILDREN'S CAPES, to close out at $1.95
g Sq.oo TAN EMBROIDERED CAPES, 36 inches long, cut to... $2.95
Sj CHILDREN'S DRESSES, lined throughout, fancy trimmed, to
35 close out at $2.45, $3.45 and $4.95 — less than J / 2 of former
© price?.
to ¦ . :
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
AMTT SEMEN TS.
, EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! *
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP 1 .
. ' TO-NIGHT— LAST OF
The TOYJWAKER
MONDAY, Jan, 27,
TH5 COMIC OPERA EVENT!
First Time at This House of
FRANK DANIELS' Splegdid Saccess,
PAUL STEINDORFF, Musical Director.
Stage Direction of FERRIS HARTMAN.
Presented . by the Strongest Company In
America I
Reappearance of FRANCES GRAHAM and
ANNA LIGHTER.
" J First Appearance of
HAROLD GORDON. Tenor.
. POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"DON C£SAR DE BAZAN."
Week Beginning; TO-MORROW (Monday)
EVENING,
EDWIN AriHEN
In an Elaborate Production of
ZORAH.
Mr. Arden's Picturesque Drama.
Special Engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Gardner
• ¦ -. Crane.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 2Sc, 80c. 75o.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 2&c.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— SPECIAL.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, Jan. 31, at 3:15 sharp.
First Symphony Concert
(Second Series)
Under the Auspices of the
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
PAUL STEINDORFF
DIRECTOR.
Magnificent Orchestra. Giulio Mlnetti, Con-
. certmclster.
Reserved Seats. $1.60, $1.00. 76c and 60o.
On sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Next Tues- .
day Morning, at 9 o'clock. .
¦ Belasco & Thall, Managers.
1 MATINEE}" TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— "FOR THB WHlTJfl ROSE."
TO-MORROW (MONDAY),
MCORALIE 1 CO."
•T3RESSMAKERS."
The Brightest of All French Farces.
'Great Palais Royal Paris, Success.
Everybody and Everything In It Is Funny
MATINEE SATURDAY AN1> SUNDAY.
__ T/ _J>eat» on sale six days la advance.
. KUCE8..V -. lBo. 28a. Mo. 80a, 7Bo
:. Kext— "THB PAMTBa-
PeNNYRGYAL PILL3
AjSJcm. *» oHiCHBSTis'r^NouJBa
¦ _ '•¦•US* ta . JUCD Ul «UU MUmi bini^S
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO KILL THE DANDRUFF GEBM
Is the Only Possible Way of Having
a Permanent Cure>
If you sec a woman or a man with lux-
uriant glossy hair you may be sure
neither has dandruff to amount to any-
thing. In nearly every case where women
and men have thin, brittle hair they owe
it to dandruff. There are hundreds of
preparations that "claim" to cure dan-
druff, but no one but Newbro'o Herpicide
tells you that dandruff is the result of a
germ burrowing into. the scalp, and that
permanent cure of dandruff and its con-
sequent falling and baldness can only be
had, by killing: the germ; and there is no
other, preparation that will destroy that
germ but Newbro's Herpiclde. "Destroy
the cause, you remove the effect."
PALACE and .
GRANP HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
, newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parka-
pass the. entrance.
American and European plans.
i AMTJEEMjffi.'tfTB.
fl Isb4 fii ¦ w » ¦ I 1 I ii jUkM^^ssfs&s^^^QBs^M
FIFTH dT., Jnat Below" Market
Direction of Alfred BravUr and Will L. ChniatavB.
Tuesday and Thursday Nights, Feb. 4th and
Cth. Saturday Afternoon, Feb. 8th.
SiM INQRDIGAiN
THREE SO>G RECITALS.
Assisted by Hr. B. Romayno Simmons, Pianist.'
Season Tickets— $2 50. $5 00 and $7 60. Sin-
xla Concerts— *1 00, »2 00 and $3 00. Season
Bale at Sherman, Clay & ; Co.'s, Wednesday,
January 28th. : Jin«le Seate Beady Baturday,
Februtry Ut. Bverett Piano Usei
AMUSEMENTS.
a Week Commencing This Afternoon. 2
** January 26. •»
| . ¦ IMMENSE S
S VAUDEVILLE FESTIVAL ! %
% -V-— Q
0 SENSATION* TJF TWO CONTINENTS! 0
| GREAT §
m. t, v- B - - -^ o
• ©
g Every Law of Gravity Defied. •
! SABEL, I
0 The Little Woman With the Bis Voice. Z
I JORDANlflFCROUCfi; |
% Novel Dancing: Experts. q
1 KELLY and VIOLETTE, |
O ' The Fashion Plate Duo. 0
i threTnambasT" 1
9 Japanese Acrobats, Equilibrists and ©
9 Jugglers. q
I TAYLOR TWIN SISTERS I
® Fancy and Trlcft Skaters. Q
I '^mIrnoldsonT !
O The Swedish Sweet Singer. 0
I AlRICAOiOfiRAPS; S
© " WITH NEW PICTUKES. 0
• FAMILY— 6 1
© Lady and Gentlemen Acrobats. Q
2 Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; ®
J» Children. 10c. any part except reserved. •
W A few front orchestra rows reserved, A
Q 50c; front rows of Balcony reserved, 25c ©
Q99QQ999999Q9Q99999Q90
tWilffit CITY HAM
Theater Thorougrhly Heated With Steam.
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. 15c, 23c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Time or
"THE FIRE PATROL."
PBirF\ Evenings I0o to 00c
rftlWCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
TO-MORROW NIGHT— All Next Week
A Man of Mystery,
A play that has had the country gueestn*.
Baffled New Tork'i Cleverest Detectives.
See If yon can locate him next week.
gg^^ RACING
"¦ *#^ Every We«k Day—
®^ • - Rain or Shlae.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RacM atart at 1:15 p. m. ¦harp.
i£E*V*?*& l fV Sf° B ?« lci ««) at 13 m. and
with trains rtopping at the entrance to tt*
track. Last two can on train reeerre* fo*
ladlee and their escort.; no amolttniTBuyYJX
ferry Uckets to Shell Mound. a5 toSs iriZ
Oakland mole connect with Baa Pablo avenue
electrio cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
Und. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect^wtth Baa Pablo avenue cars at Fou£
taeatb and Broadway, Oakland. Theae eleotrto
cars co direct to &e track In flfteea mlnuteaf^
BeturntoB— Tratoe leave the trackat 4O»
and 4:40 p. m. aad Immediately attar the last
nee.
*^?P J » UI «iv^ n 55 xl ' ll^i PreeJdent.
_^ffnlr I Tfhrf\ "'." . I tor Gonorrhoea-
SS?*' Spermatorrhoea,
gjmr CURtJ Whites, unnataral dis-
BSBfi* 1 *» i ««?*> yk ekww, or any iaJUajmt-
v£Y OmuuiMi m ¦¦ tion. Irritation or nlcera*
j» 4ft>wmt MittiUn. tioa of canoon* mem*
. AJVEBTISEMENTS.
Dry Goods -tS§0§^ Company.
We strongrly recommend the following Weaves and Fabrics
as being the latest, and In exceedingly good taste—
ETAMINE GRENADINE BASKETCLOTH
HOMESPUN BROADCLOTH
VENETIAN CAMEL'S HAIR and CHEVIOT
v Styles Exclusive and Values
Unquestionable
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
EE. Corner Geary and Stookton Street^ Unnn Square.
AMTJ?n^rRNT3L
COLUMBIA S3SS'
JlTo-Night
MjwS and for a
wv&j&a 2nd and LAST 'WEEK
111} Beginning TO-MORROW.
fi\ KIRKE La SHELLE
If** OPERA GO.
In the Merry " j| S-|l &.
Kt * p H H M An elaborate
LAST mm! NEXT SUNPAT, 3TIQHT.
EXTRA—
Commencing; MONDAY, Feb. 3d
VIOLA
ALLEN
AND CO2IPAXT
FRSSENTlJfCI
IN THE PALACE
OF THE KINO.
? low*
soutane ot
old MBit rid-
SALE OF SEATS OPENS
NEXT THPBBPAT MOB&ESQ.
TT V T* l~> A 1 i'HE GREAT
tA 1 KA! MUSICAL EVEHT. ,
MATINEE RECITALS
At Three Cf Clock, on tb» Afternoon* «f )
TUESDAY. JANUARY 28.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 31.
JOSEF
THE GREAT PIANIST.
First Appearances In Tills City.
Reserved seats now on sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s. Prices. $2. )1 60. fl, 60a
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHS SKACS, Juige; JA& 1. 6SACS, fftijpr.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - Janjaary 26th
CLASSICAL
COORSINGJVENTS!
Champion Bounds
in
TWO B1GJTAKE&
116— NOMINATIONS — 116
TBAE* SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend streets at 19t33
a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m.: Tweatp*
nttb and Valencia streets flvo mlnntes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after Vbm last
course. San Mateo Electric Can every taar
minutes. .
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. UADTE3 FREE.
The iMathlBg Festival Begins "Witt Tt>
NIGHT — dNB WEEK — CVTATCTS33 ¦
SATURDAY).
PAR AND AWAT THB BEST ,
Swsdlsb Dialect CoTtifwHsiy j>
BBN HONDRICKS
And His Company of Plaarsra,
Presenting the Pioneer Swedish Flay,
OLE OLSON.
- Including the Original
SWEDISH LADIES' QUART3SX
SEATS READY. "*
NEXT SUNDAY, Feb. «.
"THE PRIDB OF JgNXIOV* 1
BEATS THURSDAY.
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A W.n:»i?w ;
NOW ON EXHIBITION IN THB ZOO,
7— Llamas— 7
THE GREATEST ANIMAL ATTRACTION Bt
THE UNITED STATES.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market street, near Etybttt. " >
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS.
GRAND TOURNAMENT SATURDAY. Jan.
23th. for the benefit of
DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS.
The Weekly CaB,
SI per Year*Chicago declined* from 79%c to 78% c. Weak
ness in corn affected wheat and the Southwest
and local bears aold freely. The cash demand
waa not sharp, and the market was disappoint
ing to the bulls. - St. Louis and the foreigners
were also heavy sellers, but the country was
bullish," and there was buying from the'out
side. Some strength was- Imparted . by pre
diction, of a cold wave. ." Flour was.dull.and
heavy, and Minneapolis reported ' an Increase
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm and
Paris and Liverpool futures were higher. :_ Liv
erpool was firmer on poor Indian' prospects. •
Wheat and Other Grains.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@?l 25
for standards, $1 50@l 75 . for choice and $20
2 '60 for fancy: Seedlings, 30@75c; Tangerlnen
$1 75@2; Mediterranean Sweets, 75c®$l 25:
Lemons 1 50c@$l . for common and $1©1 50 for
good to choice and $1 75®2 25 . for fancy;
Grape Fruit, $1(52; Mexican Limes, $6@6 50;
PEARS— Winter kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box
APPLES— $1 50@2 per box 5 for extra, 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 25tfC0c for or
dinary. ~- ; '¦'"¦'.' ¦'_'¦' '¦ V
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
There is nothing new in Apples or Pears.
The Pomona v brought down 1157 bxs Apples
for this market. Two cars of Oranges are an
nounced for to-morrow's auction. Tangerines,
which have been scarce during the past week,
appeared on' the • street ¦ yesterday and - sold
readily at , high prices. Oranges and Lemons
are selling slowly, owing to the cold weather.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days -r - $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight....... — * 87%
Sterling Cables . . . : ; - — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — • j2Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 15
Silver, per ounce... — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... 45 # 45%
Evaporated apples continue to arrive slowly
and a weaker feeling Is noted in the market
State, common to good, quoted at 7<»8%c:
prime, »©9%c; choice, 9%@10c; fancy, 10%
@llc.
California fruits steady. v-".—:* ¦
PRUNES— 3%@4c. \ "-
DRIED FRUITS
WHEAT— Receipts, 9500 bushels. Spot. weak.
No. 2 red, 87 %c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 85%c f. o. b. afloat. Futures opened
steady but gradually gave way under general
selling, prompted by reports of more snow.ln
winter wheat States. Closed weak under heavy
selling on Southwest account and %c net lower
March closed 84%c; May closed 84%c; July
closed 83%c.
HOPS— Steady. Pacific Coast, 1901 crop
11%@15%c.
HIDES— Steady. California, 21@25 pounds,
19%c.
WOOL — Steady. Domestic fleece, 26%@27c
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice 6c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc. The coffee fu
tures market closed steady with prices net un
changed to 5 points higher. Total sales 20 -
760 bags including: March, 5.70®5.75c; May
5.90@5.95c; July, 6.10c: August.. 6.15c; Septeml
ber 6.25c; '. October, 6.30c; December, 6 40®
6.50c. .
. SUGAR— Raw, firm. Fair refining,' 3 13-16c :
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 0-16c. Molasses sugar
2 13-16c. •¦ Refined, firm. Standard A 4.55c
cut loaf. 6.25c: crushed, 5.25c; colored, 4.85c
granulated, 4.75c; cubes. 6.00c.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,467 barrels ; exports, 19,253 barrels. "Easier
and dull. Winter patents, $3 75@4; winter
straights. $3 60(3)3 75; winter low grades. $2 70
@2 80.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. .25.— Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady;
French country markets, steady.
LONDON, Jan. 25. — Consols, 93 15-16; silver.
25 7-16; French rentes, lOOf 42 %c; wheat car
goes on passage, steadier: No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 20s Cd; English country markets, gen
erally cheaper. .
Foreign Markets.
New York Grain and Produce.
BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c per " lb for
fancy 24c for firsts and 22@23c for second* ;
dairy 17»4f522c: store Butter, 14@16c per lb;
Creamery Tub. 20c; Pickled Roll,' 18019c; Keg,
CHEESE— New, ll@ll%c; old, 10@10%c:
Young America, 12913c; Eastern. 13@15c per
pound. - .
. EGGS — Ranch. 21c for selected large and
20c for good to choice; store, 18@19c per
dczen. -
The week closed on a generally unchanged
market, though gathered Eggs were again weak
on the Exchange. The demand for Eggs was
rather better and the cold weather • Imparted
more steadiness to the * market by tending to
diminish the output- on the ranches. Stocks
were less excessive, but ample for all need*.
Butter was steady all around and fancy cream
eries were quoted In moderate supply and firm
at 'previous quotations.; Cheese continued -in
large supply ¦ and wer.k. ¦
Receipts were 41,200 pounds, 10 tubs and
12 bbls of Butter, pounds of Eastern bat
ter, C52 cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern
Eggs, 1100 ' pounds of California Cheese.
pounds of Oregon Cheese and pounds of
Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese arid Eggs.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 25.— Wheat— Unchanged ;
Bluestem, 64c; Club, 63c. -
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 25.— Wheat— Nominal;
Walla Walla, 03@63%c; Bluestem, 64(5)64^;
Valley. »3%c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Bid.Ask. , Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill 113 4s qr c (new)139 ! J4 —
4s qr reg Ill%112i4 3s qr coup.. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co — — Oceanic 6s.. — 103
Bay CPC 5s. 109 — ' Ombus C 6s. 130' i —
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100«
C C Wat 6s. — — Pk&C H 6s. 105
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 6s. 119% —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 6s. 95% —
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s.l22%123
Do 5s — 09% Sierra Cal 6s —
L Ang R 53.120 . — S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 6s. — ' — (1909) 111% —
Do gtd 6s. — — - (1910)s....U2%113
Do gtd 5s. 103% — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 100 — (l!»05)5r A.108% —
Do lem 6s. 101 , 103 (1905) Sr B. 109%
Mkt-st C 6S.125 — (1906) 111 —
Do lem 5s. 121% 122 (1912) 121 —
N R C 6s... 110% — S P Car 1st
Do S3..... 122 — c jmtd 5s.H0 —
N Pac C 5s. 106 — S P BrCal«s.l37 —
N Cal R 5s.U2%113% S V Wafes.llS — .
Oak Gas 5s. 114 — Do 4s 103 —
Oak Trn «s.121% — • Do 4s3dm.-101 101%
Do 1st cSs.lOOVinO'yi Stkn Gas 6s. 102% —
Oak W g 8s. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74 - 75 %J Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marln Co 59 — I Spring Val.. 85 S5»»
• ' GAS AND -ELECTRIC. , '
Cent L & P. 2% 4 Pac Light... 44% —
Eqt a L Co. 3% — Sec E C&RC 20 35
Mutual . — 5 S F O & E.. 40% —
O G L & H. 61% 52 San Fran 6%" 6%
Pac Gas Imp S5 — • Stktn G & E. 8 —
. • INSURANCE..
Flrem's Find. — 275 |
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
SATURDAY,. Jan. 25—12 m.
Local stocks and bonds closed the week quiet
and featureless except for a further decline In
Giant Powder to $70 75. The oil stocks were
dull.
The Standard Con. Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 10c.
San Joaquin Oil was ex-dividend of 10c yes
terday. . . ¦
Reed Crude Oil has declared a dividend of
2%c, payable February 10.
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week were
89,060 shares, valued at $21,708. the leading
sales being as follows: Bear Flag, 1100 shares;
California Standard, 2C00; Home. 1410; Inde
pendence, 1000: Junction, 4.300; Petroleum
Center. 50,770; Reed, 3750: Superior. 1500; Oil
City, 2200; Occidental. 1250; Lion, 4C30; Ster
ling, 5450; Monarch, 19C0.
Ivan Treadwell to Fernando Nelson, lot o»
SE corner of Seventeenth and Hartford streets,
E 65:6, SE 192:5%. S 90:3. W 125. N 7:8. W
125. N 137:4; $10.
¦ City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
Golden, lot on E line of Alabama street. 104 N
of Twenty-third. N 26 by E 100: $ .
Joseph Blut to Matilda Blut. lot on S line of
Twentieth street, 1C0 E of Alabama, B 25 by
S 104: dft.
Continental Building and Loan Association to
George D. Shadburne, lot on S line of Twenty
ninth street, 255 W of Church, W 23 by 8 114.
warranty deed; $10.
Thomas E. Ryan to Daniel Meyer. lot on NE
corner of Forty-fourth avenue and D street, N
415. E 116:7. SW 450. W 12:11; $10.
James L. and Mary C. Barker to Solomon
Getz. lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 250 N
of K street. N 25 by W 120: $100.
John Dougherty to Daniel Meyer, lot on S line
of N street. 57:6 E of Thirty-fifth avenue, S
100 by S 100; also lot on K line of Thirty-fifth
avenue. 100 S of N street. S 200 by £ 240; also
lot on E line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 100 If of
O street. N 50 by E 120; $10.
Jane Lathrop Stanford to Board of Trustees
of Leland Stanford Jr. University," lot on SW
corner of California and Powell streets. W
206:3 by S 275, reserving life estate; grant.
Thomas and Margaret J. Morffew, R. S. and
Florence A. Browne, Jonathan J. and Ami da
J. Crooks to Sophie Gottlg. lot on NW line of
Townsend street. 275 NE of Fourth. NW 275.
NE 124, PE 197:6. SW 53:3, SE 17:6, SW 8:9,
SE 60. SW 60; $10.
Alexander and Nellie Bond to Pauline A. E.
Baumstelger, lot on NW line of Harriet street,
225' SE of Bryant. SE 25 by SW 80; $10.
Arnold Baumstelger to same, same; gift.
James F. and Mary Lapp to Bella M. Leon
ard, lot on S line of Montezuma street. 350 W
of California avenue. W 25 by S 70, lot 59, Gift
Map 3: $50.
Louis and Catherine Levy to George Autaxne.
lot on S line of Minerva street. 250 E of Capi
tol avenue. E 100 by S 125. block 8. Railroad
Homestead: $10.
Delflna E. Cooper to J. B. R. Cooper, estate
of E. V. de Cooper or Anna M. Wohier; $10.
G. A. and Rosanna C. Wilson to same, same;
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
L P Fensholdt. Denver
A Campbell. N Y
J L Hern. Wllllts ;
T H Looney & f. Cal
Mrs Graham. S Jose
G W Cranee, N Y
L Manning. Cal
H K Joyce & w. Kan
A R McCartney. Colo
J R Carter. WllletU
W W Fitch. Pomona
C E Peterson. Seattl*
D A Beal, Wash
R Dunn. Pa
Agnes Dunn. Pa
8 NWhlte & w, HI
C E Arnold, S Diego
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Saturday, January 25.
Stmr Rival. Olsen. for Willapa Harbor.
FOREIGN PORTS.
"VICTORIA. B C— Sailed Jan 23— U ¦ stmr
Gnat, for • . .
HFAL ESTATE TBANSACTTOSTS.
LONDON, Jan. 25.— The offerings at' the
wool sales to-day numbered 14.038 bales. Com
petttlon was very active at firm prices. Me
dium andgreasy and- cross-breds sold at an
advance of 15 per cent above December aver
age. The home trade and the Continent bought
freely and lots suitable for America caused
keen bidding, '
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK, Jan.' 25. — Cotton closed quiet,
net 1 point lower to 2 points higher.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. — To-day's state
ment: Available cash balance, $173,911 872
gold. $02,434,077.
London Market.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was Inactive, but
firm, mainly due to the strength of Kaffirs
but the American department was dull on New
York advices. Prices were for the most part
fractionally . under parity. Rio Tlntos were
strong and again touched 43%. but reacted, to
42% on profit taking. Anacondas were weaker,
selling at 6 9-16. Money is in good demand.
Western Australia announces a loan of
£1,500,000, at 3% per cent, to be issued at
102Vi. Gold to the amount of £600,000 has
been received from Australia.
LONDON. Jan. 25.— HOPS— Pacific Coast,
steady, £3. 5s© £4. . -
GAME — Doves,- per dozen. $1: Hare, *1 25:
Ttahh!t«>. $1 M) for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard $2@3; Canvasback. _ $2i»3 50; Sprig.
$1 50@l>75; Teal, $1@1 50; Widgeon, $1;
Small Ducks, $1; Black Jack, $1; English
Pnipe *2 50; Jack ,«n<n<». *1 5«: Gray Ge«>««-.
$3; White Geese. $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50<g2
per dozen; Honkers, $a@4 50. . .
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 14@17c;. Liva
Turkeys. l;{@14c for Gobblers and 14015c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 5001 75; Goslings.
J2(??2 25: Ducks. $4<ft5 for old and $CtfT7 for
young; Hens.. $4^4 HO; ypuns Rooster*. $4 50fS
6: old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers. $-!®5; Broil
ers, $4@5 for large and $3@3 50 . for small :
Pigeons, $1 SO per dozen for old and $2 50'3
2 75 for Squabs. . j ¦ '¦
Receipts of Game were 132 sacks. Teal,
Widgeon and Small Ducks moved a little bet»
ter. " ' •¦
Receipts of Poultry yesterday were Insig
nificant and the market was dull, as usual on
Saturday. Two cars of Eastern will ba put
on the market to-morrow. Receipts of Dress~d
Turkeys were 17 cases, which sold - readily
under a firm demand for fancy stock, but some
poor carried-over stock sold below the quota
tions. . • *¦
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.— All the metal mar
kets were quiet to-day. Lack of information
from the foreign market? left New York to
take its own course. Both buyer3 and sellers
are awaiting developments of next week, so
that no Important price changes were maJi.
Tin closed at S24®24 25 for spot. Copper was
called about steady at lie. for lake, 10%c for
electrolytic ar.d 10%c for casting. Lead \tas
quiet and unchanged at ¥4. Spelter held abrut
steady, *4 30 being quoted as the trading
price. Iron was quiet in all markets.
Nezu York Metal Market.
BANK3.
Asglo-Cal ..SO 81 ILP&A 165 160
California. ..417 420 |Mer Ex (llq) 18^4 —
Cal Safe Dp.112% — i S F Nationl.137% —
First Natnl..320 350 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....1935 2000 Sav A Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — 'Security Sav.305 850
Mutual Sav. 66 — 1 Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U.512ft — I
8TREET RAILROADS.
California ..160 — (Market — Mft
Geary — 60 IPresldlo .... 37% —
POWDER.
Giant 76 — IVlgorlt 3ft «ft
SUGAR.
Hana 2ft — Kllauea.... 8% —
Hawaiian .. S4 — , Makaweli .. — 28
Honckaa ... 10% — 'Onomea .... 23 2-4
Hutchlnson . 13% — 'Paauhau .... 10% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.160 162 Pac A FA.. 3 —
Cal Fruit As. 96% — Pac C Bor..l65 —
Cal Wine As. 04 95 Par Paint... IS —
Oceanic S Co — 41 ,
Morning Session.
Board —
5 California Fruit Cannen*. ¦ 90.. 97 00
10 Cal Wine Aesn 95 00
10 Giant Powder Con 77 00
10 Giant Powder Con 76 75
30 Onomea Sugar Co 23 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 50
20 Spring Valley "Water 85 00
Street — - ' . ¦ ¦ .
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 122 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
<
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Bear Flag 03
1000 Cala-Standard 23
5 Hanford 90 00
100 Home, b 90 8 70
5000 Petroleum Center 06
50 Sterling 1 15
500 Superior OS
Street—
200 Central Point Con 1 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Sam
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
10C0 Best & Belch 13 j 400 Potoal 13
200 Overman 111
The following were the sales In th» Paelflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha Con .. 01 100 Ophir ....... 81
200 Best & Belch ft 700 Overman .... 11
150 Caledonia ... 27 300 Sierra Nev... 18
100 C C & Va...l SO 200 Silver Hill .. BO
200 Hale & Nor. 27 800 Union Con .. 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan. 23—13 m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 01 Justice 03 05
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 61 02
Andes — 01 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher ...... 03 01) Mexican SI 32
Best & Belch 12 13 Occidental ... 07 08
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 80 82
Caledonia ... 26 27 Overman .... 10 11
Challenge Con 11 13 Potosl 12 13
Chollar 11 12 Savage 05 06
Confidence ..60 62 Scorpion — 04
Con C & V..1 20 1 25 Seg Belcher.. OS 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... 17 IS
Con New Y. — 01 Silver Hill.... 48 49
Crown Point. 06 OS St. Louis .... 05 —
Eureka Con. 20 — Standard 3 25 —
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate .... On 0T
Gould & Cur 05 07 Union Con... 11 12
Hale & Nor. 28 27 Utah 02 OS
Julia — 04^6110-51 Jacket 07 03
NEW YORK, Jan. 25. — The Imports of mer
chandise at the port of New York, for the week
ending to-day were valued at $0,838,232. The
exports of specie from this port to all coun
tries for the week aggregated $1,186,429 silver
and $823,104 gold. The imports of specie this
week were $11,574 gold and $7707 silver.
Exports and Imports.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000. Sheep, steady:
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 30
@5 20; fair to choice, $4 5O@5; Western sheep,
fed, ?4@5 20; native lambs, $2 50@5 85; West
ern lambs, fed, $5@5 80.
IIOG6 — Receipts, to-day, 17,000; Monday,
37,000; left over, 5000. Steady; close weak.
Mixed and butchers, $5 90(??fl 40; good to choice
heavy, SO 30ig6 60; rough heavy, $0@6 25;
lifiht. $3 fiOKTi;:. bulk of sales, $5 90(S6 30.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. — CATTLE — Receipts,
200; steady. Good to prime, nominal, $6 50®
7 25; poor to medium, ?5 90@0 50; stockers
and feeders, $2 25@4 50; cows, $1 50@6 50;
heifers, $2 25@5 60; canners, $1 50@2 50; bulls,
$2 2T»@4 P0: calves, $2 50@6 25; Texas, fed
steers. $4@0.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23. — The statement of the
Associated Banks. -for. the week ending to-day
shows: Loans. $869,042.600;' increase. $2,413.
500. Deposits. $949.iT3.800; increase, $10,044,
•5OO. Circulation, $31,713,900: decrease, $2S1,
700. Legal tenders, $76,857,900; increase,
$281,200. Specie, (185,981,200; Increase, $»,
725,»uO. Reserves, *2H1!,749,100; increase, ?'J,
007,100. Reserve required, $237,416,700; in
crease. $2,736,150. Surplus, $25,332,400; in
crease. $6,720,950.
The Financier says: ' The bank returns this
week showed a gain of $0,007,100 in cash, mak
ing an increase in this item, compared with
the cash at the end of last year, of $27,140,300.
It is noteworthy that the total Increase in cash,
as estimated from the traceable movement of
money into the banks for the four weeks end
ing last week was $33,865,200, indicating that
the bank return and the unofficial estimate of
cash movement now very nearly agree, there
being a discrepancy of only $6,724,900. As was
the case in the previous week the gain in cash
ehovtn by the banks was almost wholly con
fined to specie, the Increase in legal tenders
being only $281,200. The loans showed the re
markably smal lgaln of $2,413,500. This, fol
lowing an increase of but $3,292,300 in the pre
vious week, would seem to indicate ' an un
usually limited amount of borrowing from
banks for the reason probably due in a great
part to the light speculation on the Stock Ex
change. The money loan at call during the
week most likely consisted principally of com
mission-house balances. Loans by interior
banks of deposits at their New York corre
spondents and those by bankers who had bor
rowed on sterling would not be reflected In the
loan item of the New .York banks. Deposits
showed an Increase of $10,944,000, or only
$476,000 'below the total of the gain in loans
and in cash; hence, the statement in this re
spect is harmonious. The surplus reserve
showed an increase of $6,270,950, and this iteni
now stands at $25,332,400, or within $5,467,050
of the amount recorded in the correspond lnjt
week last year. The Increase in surplus since
the beginning of 1002 has been S17.816.R25,
which may be regarded as a very encouraging
Improvement In bank conditions, giving assur
ance of somewhat prolonged ease in money.
It ia noteworthy, however, that while the
cash increase of all th» banks was $9,007,100,
one bank alone reported an addition of $5,570,
100 to its specie account and $8,864,500 to de
posits,'thus destroying in part the significance
of the statement, considered as a whole.
Associated Batiks'. Statement.
LIVERPOOL. „
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 6 1% 6 1%
Closing 1 6 l?i . 6 2V4
PARIS.
Wheat — . . .. ,« Jan. , Mar.-June.
Opening 21 60 . 22 65
Closing ......:....... 2160 22 65
Flour — ¦ ' . :
Opening 27 G5 28 40
Closing .: 27 CO 28 45
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from ; Los Ap
g»lcs, . r >ig:7c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
12«4®15c; l -Cabbage, 4C®50c per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, ¦ ?2 per box and $2 25
per crate: Dried Peppers. 10@12%c per lb:
Los Angeles, do. 18<S18e: Dried Okra. 32^®
ISc per lb: Carrots, 355?. r >Oc per sack: Hothousr-
Cucumbers. $1@2 per dozen for large and
50<f275c for small: Garlic, li4@2V4c; Los An
geles Green Peppers, 25c; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 25c; Summer Squash from ¦ Los
Angeles, $1 50@l 75; Marrowfat Squash, $8@1O
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms,
nominal. • • - : • .
POTATOES — $1@1 30 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 50@l 75; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25@1 65; Oregon . Garnet
Chiles. $1 40«n 50; Rlvftr Reds, $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 60; Sweets, $1 25
@1 40 for Merced.
ONIONS — Oregons, $1 75@2; Green Onions,
40S60c per box.
Peas and Beans ffom Los Angeles were
slightly weaker yesterday under heavier sup
piles. All other vegetables were scarce and
firm. • • . .. ' :
Prices of Potatoes and Onions remain un
changed. Supplies of all descriptions 'are plen
tiful at present. The Oregon steamer islat
hand ' with 5947 sacks Potatoes and 660 sacks
Onions.' The market is almost bare of Sweet
Potatoes and they are higher.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 S5@3; .. Yellow
Mustard. $3 2503 50; Flax, $2 40® 2 75; Canar>!
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
8%c; Rape, lJ4@l%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 25@1 65; Green.
$1 25@1 50 per ctl.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 35@2 45; Small White.
?2 UOiff.i 03; Large Whits, $2 75(3.1: Pea. $3 50
@i; Pink, $1 75@2 05: Red, $2 25@2 50; Black
eye. ?3 50i??3 65: Limas, $4 40©4 CO; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 per ctl. . . ..
Previous, prices rule for Beans, with a dull
market. The feeling is weak.
Beans and Seeds.
Articles — , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ;.... 30,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels fitf.OOO 72.000
Torn, bushels 50,000 74,000 ¦
Oats, liu.°hels 172,000 186,000
Rye. bushels 30,000 10.000
Barley, bushels 61,000 0,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
mirket was firm; creamery, l. r »@24'/4e; dairies,
' 10@17e. Cheese, steady, 9%@13c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 23%c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in-cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c; In
casts, 21 Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In cases.
20Uc; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in
case*. 2R%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels. -~
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, rer lb.- in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.03c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners' A, 4.!iOc;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb baps only), 4.70c: Magnolia A. 4.40c: Extra
C. 4.80c: Golden C. 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
mure; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or . Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels,' 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY 25.
Flour, qrsks.. 15,r.50|Wine, gals 64,900
Wheat. • ctls 1.840 Brandy, gals ... 1,400
Barley, ctls .. 25,805 1 Pelts, bdls 355
Oats, ctls ..... KKilHldes, No.'.... 187
Bean3 ska ... 972 i Sugar, ctls 2^lls
Potatoes, sks .. 2,6!7 Quicksilver, flks 70
Bran, sks . ; 1,140 Leather, rolls . . 82
Middlings, sks.. 6I1O Lime, bbla 364
Hay, tons 323
OREGON.
Oats, ctls" 400 '
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrel*,
boiled, 74c: raw, 72c: cases, 5c more; Lucol.
64c for boiled and 62c for raw. In barrels:
Lard Oil, extra winter strained, barrels, 90c;
cases, 95c;- China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c;
Srerm, pure, 65c; Whale Oil, natural white,
40@50c per gallon; FUh Oil, barrels. 3~Hc;
rases. 42Vic: Cocoanut Oil,, barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and 58%c for Australian.
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton: Southfleia
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Coos Bay, Vf 50: Wallsend, $3 50; Co-operativ*
Wallser.d, $S 50; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$15: Welsh Anthracite. $14; Cannel. $11 par
ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c: Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5%0
6c; under 150 lbs, 5%@5%c; soft hogs. 5@5Vic;
sows. 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off,
and stags. 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
¦ The market stands just the same, all de
scriptions being in ample supply.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: •¦ !
BEEF — 7<g'7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7^@9c; small. 8©10o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®8%c; Ewes. 7%©8c
LAM'b— Tearllngs. 9@9%c per lb; Spring
Lamb, lie per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hay is firm under light receipts and the
briefness of the Vain. Dealers say that while
the ground Is moist enough on the surface, the
moisture is not deep enough to withstand pos
sible north winds later on, and unless we ge*
scakin<? rains . the market will continue very
strong. There is no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $18 50019 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $1S@18 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, S27@28; job
bing. $2S R0®20; Cocoanut Cake, $20^21 : Corn
Meal, $31«T31 50: Cracked Corn, $31 5O@32;
Mixed Feed. $1« 50ftl7 50.
HAT — Wheat. $3fi!l2: fancy, $12 5001.1;
Wheat and Oat, $9012 50; Oat, $8 50@ll 50;
Bariey and Oat, $S@10; Alfalfa, SSJilO; Clover.
$« r-0@7 50; Volunteer, $<5@S 50; Stock. $C@
7 50 per ton. .
STRAW — 30@47%c per bale.
Hay and. Feedstuff s.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mall advices from New Tcrk cay
"The general tone of the market throughout
the list Is strong, but for most descriptions
the movement continues somewhat jobbing In
character. At the moment currants form the
cblef interest, with inquiries here from interior
points for conElderable lots, sellers declining
to meet Intending buyers' views and showing
Indifference to part with any quantity below
the epot basis.
"In raisins epot Is quiet for both loose and
eeeded. K. o. b. prices made yesterday by one
holder on the basis of 5%c for 2-crown, 6c for
3-crown and 6%c for 4-crown are attracting
little attention. In seeded epot Is showing
Eome quietness, with prices ranging from Sc
to 8%c on cartons covering choice and fancy.
A report is current that considerable purchases
were made to-day on the basis of 8%c for
fency. Pending the naming of prices on seeded
by the syndicate on the Coast there is little
disposition shown to tell in a large way on
speculative purchases. Imported Valencia
layer raisins are held firmly at 7%c, with
stocks reported generally light. Late advices
from the other side note limited offerings from
the primary market on any basis.
"In prunes the situation is quiet, little Im
portant trading being noted. On Jobbing ac
count there is a email movement within the
quoted range for best offerings. Apricots are
steady, with, it is reported, a little more in
quiry noted. Peaches also show firmness. In
dates Persian dates are Eteady and showing
some firmness among the principal holders on
the quoted basis. Fard dates are easier and
quoted lie lower on both boxes and cases.
Figs are in demand, with some interest in both
bags and layers within the quoted range."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 25 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dcte, as compared with those of came date last
6*>asor., and rainfall in last twenty-four hours j
Last This Last
Stations — 2* Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 10. 89 30.O1
Red Bluff CO 11. «4 15.41
Sacramento 00 «.99 11.32
San Francisco 01 7.00 13.01
Fresno 0.1 • 3.E8 7.45
Independence 00 1.39 5.12
San Luis Obispo 04 5.«2 21.09
Ifrjs Angeles 00 4.03 8.23
Sar. Diego 12 1.85 3.19
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
49: minimum. 41; mean. 45.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern sta
tions: Bo6ton, 40-24; Cincinnati 36-22; Phila
delphia. C-34: New Ycrk, 40-XQ: Kansas City,
32-28; Jacksonville, 6G-52: Omaha, 28-24; Du
luth. 14 to — i: Chicago. 28-18; St. Louis,- 30-24;
Salt Lake City, «G-26; Washington, 44-32.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 42.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unusually cold weather prevails over the
western half of the country. During the past
twenty-four hours there has been a fall of 20
degrees In temperature over Northern Nevada,
Northern Utah and Southern Idaho. Through
out California temperatures are from t> to 16
dejn-ees below the normal.
High northerly winds have prevailed at
nearly all points between the Sierra and the
Rockies.
Enow is falling In Arizona and Utah.
Killing frosts ar« likely to occur generally
In California If wind lulls. Orange growers
have been warned to protect their orchards.
Forecast mafle at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 26, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Sunday; tempera
tures near or below freezing; killing frost
where the wind lulls; fresh north wind dimin
ishing.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; much
colder Sunday morning; temperatures may fall
near or below freezing; fresh northerly winds;
killing frosts where the wind lulls.
Nevada — Fair Sunday; continued cold
weather: fresh north winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
very cold in the morning: temperature may
drop to freezing; fresh northerly winds dlmin-
Uhlatt ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast O.'ncial.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.— The weakness of
to-day's etock market v.as about as narrow as
the recent show of strength and seemed equally
due to profes-siona.1 operations by operators
who took their pronts in specialties that have
advanced recently. Sugar. Metropolitan and
Amalgamated Copper were all thus affected,
the last showing good power of absorption.
New Tork Central was depressed by the Coro
ner's verdict holding Its officials responsible
for the tunnel disaster. There was a sharp
rise In National Lead on the announced ad
vance In the price of lead. The gain In cash
shown by the bank statement was fully up
to expectations. The fact that Interior instl- I
tutlons have been placing loans In New York
¦leads to the Idea that a corresponding reduc
tion In deposits would result to the New York
banks, but the statement failed to show this.
On the contrary loans of the local banks have
expanded $2,413,500. The influence of this
ehowlng is emphasized by the compilation of
the annual showing of the New York trust
companies. The loans on collateral by these
Institutions on December 31 were $540,208,706.
compared with 1387.911,414 a. year before.
The market closed ective and easy at about
the low point. Prices of stocks have drifted '
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 6.200 75% 75 75
Atchison pfd 3,500 96% 0GU. OGK
B^&Ohio 1,500 102% 102** -101%
iS & O pfd 98
Canadian Pacific .. 800 114 ' 113% 113%
Canada So 200 86% 86% 80$
Ches & Ohio 200 40 45% 45=1
Chi & Alton pfd . 75
Chi Ind & Louis... 100 51 5i'" 6iu>
Chi Ind & L pfd ; Se' 4
Chi & East III 2,200 138 136% 138
SSifgw'-Apfd:: ** «* gs
Chi & G W B pfd "'. 431?
Chi & N W 600 214% 212% 213
SlTiT.. p :::::: ..!?? 1M * 155 * fgv
Chi T & T pfd 166 32% S2V4 3-
CCC&StL 200 9»V& 96% 96^
Colo So 300 14V. 14% 14U
Colo So 1st pfd 200 COVi 00>i 60
Colo So 2d pfd ..;* «S»i
Del & Hudson.... 300 173 172% 172
gel L & W 300 270% 27o' 270*
D&RG 42 'A
I) & K G pfd 200 90% 90% 90U
Erie 14,600 39 38% 3X*Z
Erie 1st pfd 2,400 70% 70 70
Erie 2d pfd 900 50 " 55% 55%
Gt Northern pfd... 200 186% 186 >. lgli
Hocking Valley ... 200 66>i 6814 C*U
Hocking Val pfd ;.. .?.'! Su
111 Central 100 138% 13S«i 13S-I
Iowa Central 39
Iowa Cent pfd 100 72% . 72% 72«{
Lake Erie & West .... 05
L E & W pfd i-s
Louis & Nash 2.200 103 102',-i 102".
Manhattan L 2,«00 135% 135' 135*
Met Bt.Ry 10.400 171% 169% 169%
Mexican Central .. 1,200 2S% 28 2S
Mexican National . 2,700 15% 15% 15'/*
Minn & St Louis I05',i
Missouri Pac 8,700 101% 100% 100%
Mo Kane & Tex ¦ 24?i
M K & T pf d 52
N J Central 186
N Y Central 2,800 160% 160 155%
Ncr & West 100 56% 56% 55
Nor & West pfd... 100 92% 92% 92
Ontario & Western 900 33% 33Vi W%
Pennsylvania 6,805 149 148% 148%
Reading 1,900 56 64%. 54-4
Reading 1st pfd... 400 81% 81% bl%
Reading 2d pfd 6,100 62% 60% . 60%
Et L & S F 600 62% 61% 61%
St L & S F 1st pfd 83V-
St L & S F 2d pfd 700 74% 74% 74%
St Louis S W 2«%
Et Louis S W pfd.. 600 69 68% 66%
St Paul 9,000 162% 161% 161%
St Paul pfd 1S7
So Pacific 3,100 S9 58% 58%
So Railway 1,300 32% 32 32
So Railway pfd.... 800 93 92% 92%
Texas & Pacific 38
T St L & W 100 19% 19% 19%
T St L & W pfd... 100 36 36 35%
Union Pacific .... 11,100 100% 100 100%
Union Pacific pfd. 100 88 88 • 87%
Wat ash 100" 22% 22% 22%
Wabash pfd 800 42% 41% 41%
Wheel & L E 200 17% 17% 17%
W & L E 2d pfd 28
Wisconsin Central. 600 20 19% 19%
Wis Central pfd 40
Express companies— '. *
Adams ¦ .... . ... 195
American j .... 215
United States I 103
Wells-Fargo 100 190%' 190% 190
Miscellaneous —
Ama'.gmated Cop.. 4,590 72% 71 71&
Am Car & Foun... 200 29% 29% 29
Am Car & Foun pf 200 86% 86% 85%
Am Linseed Oil 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd 100 42 42 41
Am Smelt & Refln. 2,700 47% 47% 47%
Am Smelt & R pfd 600 97 97 96%
Anaconda Mln Co. 1,200 82 81% 31%
Brooklyn Rap Tr.. 5,000 68 65 65
Colo Fuel & Iron 85%
Consolidated Gas 216
Continental Tob pf " .... Ill'/,
General Electric... 100 280 280 279.
Glucose Sugar .... 2,600 49 46 47%
Hocking Coal nil
Internat Paper .... 1,200 20 20 19%
Internal Pap pfd 73 .
International Pow $7
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit .. 100 44% 44% 44«
National Lead 4,900 17 16 17
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd. ....' .... 63
Xorth American gs
Pacific Coast 73
Pacific Mail 451/
People's Gas ...... 1,200 101% 101 101
Pressed Steel Car.. 200. 40% 40V4 40
Pressed St Car pfd 100 84% 84% 83Vi
K IS^:: ..!°° »»*--*S-
Repub Steel pfd... 200 C9% 63% 60%
Sugar 29,900 126% 124% 124%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 200 03% C2# GlJ
Union Bag & Pap .... * V3*
Union Bag & P pfd ~. .. 7014
U B Leather 100 11% 11% livl
U S Leather pfd.. 200 SOft «0tf 80$
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents, ?3 80(34; straights,
f.i 40@3 80; clears, *3 20@3 60; spring specials,
$4 30; patents, $.i 5004; straights, $:» 10<f?>3 40.
No. 3 spring wheat, 72@74c; No. 2 red, 84Vfcc;
No. 2 oats, -H'Ac; No. 2 white. 45@45Vic; No.
3 white, 43%W45'4c: No. '2 rye. (!O@nO%c: fair
to choice malting barley, 1S!)®G2c ; No. 1 flax
seed, §166%; No. 1 Northwestern, $170;
prime timothy teed, $6 50; mess pork, per bbl,
$1G 05; lard, oer 100 lbs, $9 35; short ribs
sides (lcope), $S 30@t> 45; dry salted shoulders
fboxed), 7M><5'7 1 /$c; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 SOSiS SO; whisky, basis of high wines, 51 32;
clover, contract grade, $9 55^9 65.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, (2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
S4ffl4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, ?3 50: Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 S5@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8: Pearl Barley. $5; Spl(t Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3. SCI?
3 76, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3 per barrel for family and S3&
3 35 for Bakers' ; • Washington Bakers', $3Q;
3 35. '••¦¦¦'.
Flour and Millstuffs.
HOPS— 8®10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10915c
tor shipment.
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquin. C@8c; San Joa
qulri Lambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle County, 8@lOc
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring,* 15@l5%c; do,
fall. 14<gl5c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides. 0%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 9%c:
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 1S@1S%c; Culls and
Brands 16c: Sheepskins, shearlings, lS®3Oc
each; short- Wool. 40<7r60c each; medium, 650
76c;: long Wool. SOc@$l 10 each: Hone Hides.
salt, $2 76@3 for large and $2 60 for medium,
fl 75(52 for small and SOc for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or led skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, SOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb:
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3c.
There Is no change In anythlnr.
Hides y Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Import* of specie at this port In 1901 were
$29.76S,356. against $27,892,312 in 1000. the de
scriptions being as follows: Gold bullion,
$3,969,267; gold coin. $13,490,788; silver bul
lion, S2.7Sa.S74; silver coin. $518,427.
The leading sources were: Mexico, $3,878,
630; Australia. J12.458.075; Japan, $4,039,943.
Imports of Specie.
Bank Clearings.
Loctl bar.k clearings during the past week
were $20,768,771. against $18,473,4159 during
the came week last year.
United States refunding 2s. the 3s registered
and the new 4s advanced hi, and the old 4*
\b per cent. The 6s registered declined H and
w°eek° UPOn V* f ">" the closing call of last
The report of the Comptroller of the Cur
rency for December reveals that the national
banks of the country have expanded their loans
during the year some $331,700,000. During the
same period the cash reserves increased only
about $ 19,000,000. It Is well known that a
large portion of the reserves of interior banks
are on deposit with New York banks Th
same is true of the great trust companies in
New York City, whose operations and whose
loan expansion have had a great growth dur
ing the past year. As holders of ultimate re
serves of the banking system of the whol»
country a special responsibility is therefore
thrown upon the New York Clearing-house
banks in the event of any credit contraction
There is a general feeling of satisfaction there
fore, in conservative financial circles that spec
ulation should be allowed to lie dormant for
a time, to allow the natural forces at play
In the country's prosperous activity to over
take, in some degree, the expansion of credits.
The business in the bond market has been
larger in proportion than in stocks and manv
long-dormant issues have become active at ad
vancing prices.
sluggishly upward or downward ¦ during the
week. The operations have obviously been en
tirely In the hands of professional operators,
and as their buying was simply with the pur
pose of reselling at a slight advance, and as
the selling was simply profit taking on earlier
purchases or to cover at a slight decline in
prices, the week's transactions have resulted
In- little real change in the relative position of
holdings. The conspicuous feature of financial
affairs during the week has ben ths large In
flux of money to the great reserve centers of
the world. New York has felt this tendency,
though not to the degree that foreign reserve
centers have experienced It. In foreign mar
kets also thjs influx of money has had a per
ceptible stimulating effect on speculation, while
In New York the dullness of the market har?
been rather accentuated. The most pro
nounced recuperation of money reserves has
been in Berlin, where a condition approaching
redundancy has resulted. The Prussian and
imperial loans, amounting to about S75.000,O00.
have been subscribed for many times over.
The Bank of France also shows a strong condi
tion in Paris and little inducement to call the
home capital to that center. This condition
has a direct bearing on the New York money
market and promises opportunity for renewal
of the foreign obligations of this market
which are known to be heavy, and which it
was feared would have to be met by gold ex
ports. The accumulation of idle capital in
Berlin was a condition sure to result from the
prolonged liquidation and depression In Ger
many, and the movement to reinvest it may be
regarded as a sign that the turning point .of
the long depression has been reached there. No
sign has been seen, however, that German
capital is seeking any Investment In the New
lork securities market. In London also, the
easier money conditions and the hopes of an
early termination of the Boer war have led
to a lively revival of the "Kaffir circus," but
London has shown no disposition to embark in
New \ork stocks. In fact London has been a
steady but moderate seller of stocks in Lon
don all the week. The recuperation of the
condition of New York banks has continued to
a liberal extent and interest rates have be
come easier In consequence, but without stim
ulating stock speculation.
' Chicago closed the week lower, but there waa
some good buying on the breaks. Outsiders
liquidated considerably and the only/iupport
was from packers.
There wa3 no change in this market. lh«
good? being quoted dull.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12o per lb for
hfavy, 12%c for llsht medium. 13Hc for light.
14Hc for extra llftht »nd 15c for surar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@I3c; California
Hams, HVic; Mess Beef, $10®10 80 per
barrel; extra Mess, Sll@ll 50; Family, $120
12 CO- prime Mess Pork. $13; extra dear.
$22 B0<S"23: Mess. SIS 50@19; Smoked Beef.
i;t^(ffl4c per pound. ~ - ¦ •
LARD- —Tierces, quoted • at 8%c per lb f it
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pureV ll*ic: 10-lb tins, 12%c; Mb tins. 12%c:
3-lb tins. 12%c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10}<ic; three
half-barrels. lCc; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c: five tierces. 9%2 per lb.
Provisions.
Oranges. Lemons and Limes slow of sale.
Dried Fruits continue very firm.
Hides, Wool and Hops unchanged.
Meat market well su-pplied and easy.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Increased imports of specie last year.
Local bank clearings shozv the usual weekly gam.
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures higher.
Corn, Oats and Rye as before'.
Hay firm. Bran and Middlings steady.
Nothing itczv in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions about as before.
Butter and Eggs shozu more steadiness. Cheese rvcah.
Tzvo cars of Eastern Poultry due to-morrozv.
U S Rubber 100 14. 14 13
U t> Steel 3.000 42% 42% 42%
US Steel pfd 2,600 93% 02% 32%
Western Union ... 100 91 91 00%
Am Locomotive.... 100 31 31 31
Am Loco pfd 600 91 »$ 81% 91%
Total sales..... 240. 500
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, Hocking Val 4%s.lO9%
I reg 10S»i L & Nash uni 4s. 101 V*
do coup lU8vi MexCent4s 82}i
do 3s re» 108 do 1st inc 32»,£
do coup ..;.... 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 104%
do new 4s reg. .138% M K & T 4s 90
do coup l."0*i do 2ds !>3%
do old 4s reg.. .Ill's N T Cent lsts 103%
do coup .111% do gen 3%s 108%
do 5s reg 100 N J Cent gen 5s. 1:15%
do coup 107-4 North Pac 4s.... .104%
Atchlson gen 4s.. 103% Jo 3s 74}*
do adj 4s 92Vi Norf & W con 4s.lO2',i
Bait <fc Ohio 4s... 10.5% Reading gen 4s.. 98%
do 3^s 95-fc St L & I M c 5s.. 118
do conv 4s 105 St L & S F 4s 9<i%
Can South 2ds....llO>£ St L SW Ists.... 98%
Cent of Ga 5s 110% do 2ds 70
do 1st Inc 80 S A & Ar Pass 4s. 88%
Ches & Ohio 4H8.107U South Pac 4s 03%
Chi & Alton 3^8. 84 U South Ry 5s 119
' C B & Q new 4s.. US Tex & Pac lsts.. 120
C M & St P g 43.113% Tol St L & W 4s. 8:{
Chi & NW con 7s. 140 y. I Union Pac 4s 105
C R I & Pac 4s.. 108% I do conv 4s 105%
C C C & StL g 4s.10.-J Wabash lsts 1185i
Chi Term 4s 80% do 2ds 114V5
Colo & South 4s.. 02V> do deb B C8
Den & Ft G 4s 102>6 West Shore 4s 112V*
Erie prior lien 4s. 9»V« Wheel & L E 4s.. 82%
do gen 4s Ni% Wis Cent 4s 88%
Ft W & D C lsts.lO7»4 Con Tob 4s C7%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — do prefd 92%
Call loans 3'/6©4Vi Mining —
Time loans .,.3@G Adventure 19^
Bonds — Allouez 3
Atchison 4s 104 Amalgamated ... 71U
Gas lsts 84 Baltic 35^&
Mex Cent 4s S2 Blngham 22%
N E G & Coke... 56& Calumet & Hecla.585
Hailroads — Centennial 11%
Atchison 75 Copper Range.... 63^
do prefd 9« Dom Coal CIVi
Boston & Albany. 2(52 Franklin 12$
Boston & Maine. 102>£ Isle Royale .*.... 21
Boston Elevated.. 108 Mohawk 30U
NYNH&H 210 Old Dominion ... 2li/,
Fitchburg prefd.. 142 Ogceola 81
Union Pacific 100 Parrot 20'^
ilex Central 2s Quincy 135
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. 3
Am Sugar 12t% Tamarack 259
Am Tel & Tel If 8 Trimountain 58
Dom Iron & Steel 27Vi Trinity 14Vi
Gen Electric 279 United States .... 14^
Mass Electric ... 32 Utah 2i
do prefd 97 Victoria 4y 3
N E G & Coke... 5 Winona .......... 1%
United Fruit S7 Wolverine 36
U S Steel 42
, LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for IL & N 107%
money 93 13-16! M K & T 25$
Consols for Do prefd 54
account 03% N Y Central 165
Anaconda «Vi Nor & West 57%
Atchison 77V t Do prefd 93i.i
Do prefd 90 Ontario & West.. 34%
B & 0 1047; So Railway 32%
Canadian Pac . . . .110-Ji Do prefd 05
Ches & Ohio 47 So Pacific 00%
Chi Gt Western.. 2.1 Union Pacific 103.Vi
Chi M & St P 163Vi Do prefd 01
D & R G 43%, U S Steel 4:5!;4
Do prefd 93 Do prefd SG%
Erie 40 Wabash 22&
Do 1st prefd ~i>% Do prefd 43
Do 2d prefd: ... 57 Spanish 4s 77
III Central 142 |
Bar silver, quiet, 25 7-lCd per ounce.
Money. 2@2M< rer cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% ;>er cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three-months' bills is 3 per cent.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 10
Alice 45 Ontario 7 50
Breece 70.Ophir 76
Brunswick Con... OS Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel. OSVilPotosi 10
Con Cal & Va 1 2c> Savage <5
Deadwood Terra.. 50, Sierra Nevada ... 16
Horn Silver 1 50: Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver CO Standard 3 40
Leadville Con 05|
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.— Wheat started fairly
steady, mainly on j the sharp . rally at Liver
pool, which was quoted %& higher. Light
domestic receipts coupled with the closing
firmness of yesterday, induced considerable
buying, - under which May opened unchanged
to " %c higher at 79%@79%c to 79%c.
There was not enough buying, however,
to carry \ the market up . to any great
extent and after ' May touched 79 %c re
ports . of a generous snowfall throughout the
Southwest, where the winter wheat . has been
threatened with damage, developed a decidedly
bear sentiment and the slight advance wai
soon lost. A rumor that the advance at Liver
pool was due to the fact that . a 3c duty was
likely to be imposed on the other side, coupled
with a decided . slump in the price of corn,
started a selling movement that forced the
price of May down to 78c. The execution of
stoplos8 orders also helped the decline. There
was a little demand during the break except
from shorts when bought sparingly* to secure
profits. The market closed weak within He
of the bottom price of the day at 78 Vic for
May. Small Western offerings and an advance
of %d at Liverpool gave corn a strong start,
but trade was slow and the market soon
showed a tendency to sag off. • As prices
worked lower liquidation became general and
the market broke badly. There was a feeble
•attempt made to rally the market toward the
close, but liquidation was too heavy. The
close was weak. May closed at Ol'ic
Oats were Influenced by the weakness in the
other grains. . •
Trade was mainly in July. May closed
about a cent lower at 44c. • •
Provisions were dull but comparatively
steady. May pork closed 10c lower,,at $16 37%;
May lard practically unchanged :at $9 50 and
May 'ribs, 2%c lower at $8 55.
«, The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Fruits of all kinds continue firm at the
familiar quotations. There are no new features
to the market. Raisins are wholly nominal, j
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
©13c for standard to fancy Moorparks: Evap
orated. Apples, 7%©S%c; sun-dried. 4@4%c;
Peaches, o@7%c; Pears, 4%@S%c; Plums,
pitted, 4@5i/£c: unpltted. l@2c; Nectarines. 6®
5%c for red and 5%®S%c for white; Figs, 4c
for black and C0@75c per box for white. - v :
PKUNEH — 1901 crop. are quoted as follows:
30-40* s, 0®6%c; 40-50"s, 4%@5%c: 50-60* ». 414
@4?ic: 60-70's. 3%@4%c; 70-80's... 3%@3%c;
SO-90's. 2%©3Vic; 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb. |
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters:
Imperial. $3; Dehesa. $2 SO; fancy, fl 79; 4
crown. $1 CO; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown, ~$1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5%c; three
crown, 5%c; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, B%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6V>c. Bleached Sultanas — Fancy,
8%c: choice. 7%c; standard. 6%c; prime. 6%c;
unbleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleacheo> Thompson's
— Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice. 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime. 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c;
choice seeded, 6%c; do. In bulk, fancy, 6%c;
choice. 6%c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 11012c; "Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9 Vic; No. 2. 8@8%c: No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. • 10%@12c for paper
shell 9®10c for softshell and 6©7c for hard
shell;-Peanuts. G@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
12<8>12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, 11013c;
Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONE r— Comb. 12®13c for bright and 10®
12c tor light amber; water white, extracted,
5@6c: light amber extracted. 4@0c; dark. 4c,
BEKSWAX— 27%©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
"There la the same pressure from liquidation
In oats as In corn and -wheat. There is noth
ing In" the cash situation to encourage hold
ers. There is a large concentrated line of
oats hele by a local speculator and we do not
yet hear of any liquidation on his part."
Gray*, |1 2«®1 27%; whites. $1 20@l 40:
Surprise, $1 40«?,l 42%; black. $1 10©l 20 . for
reed and $1 20tg>l 30 for seed; red, $1 2501 33
per ctl for feed and $1 32%@1 40 for seed.
• CORN — Some , sales are being made, but In
general the market is dull. The country • is
offering - freely. Private wires from Chicago
to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. say: "Market
here was heavy, partly in sympathy with
wheat, but largely on conditions Inherent in
situation. The price Is extravagantly high. ; It
Is not supported by cash demand and specula
tive holders are getting tired, and their profits
slipping away, are beginning to liquidate more
freely. Tendency of the market seems lower."
Large yellow. $1 37%@1 45: small round
do $1 50; white, $l'30@l 40 per ctl.
RYE— 85@00c per ctl. •
EUCKVV HE AT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
CALL. BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:15 . o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, 83c; 2C0O, 3U%c; 4000, 831,4 c
Second Session — May— COCO ctls, 83%c.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
OATS — The market continued dull, : firm and
unchanged. Private wires from Chicago said:
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, $1 08%; 14,000. $1 09.
I Second Session— May — 6000 ctls, $1 09; 10.
000. $1 09%. - ¦ - •¦-•-, • -
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 09 W: 24,000, $1 09&-
BARLEY — The feeling waa firm and futures
advanced lV,c, but there was no change in the
open market. The feeling on 'Change was that
the rains, while of great benefit, have thus
far been insuf flclent to insure ¦ a crop. - ¦¦ •
Feed, 85@86%c for choice bright, 82%@83%c
for No. 1 and SOc for off grades; brewing and
chipping grades, S7%@90c; Chevalier, S5c@$l
per ctl. . ~r •' ¦' ' •
In stocks of 724,100 bushels for -the week. The
Southwest ¦'• reported snow. , ¦•
Private & wires from Chicago ¦ to Bolton, De
Ruytcr & Co. said: • --.; ¦ .-.:¦ - ; \, .'.
• "There was a feellnt of strength early - on
the advance In . LlverDOol. but later It was
learned that ' the ¦ strength there had | l>een due
to some extent to the possibility of a duty be
in^ put on Importations Into the United King
dom. . This started selling here,* Which was
encouraged further by snow and moisture ' In
the Southwest. The market gradually dragged
into a very weak one, catching stop orders and
bringing: about a good deal of general liaulda
tion. The feeling among professionals Is on
the main bearish, and unless tha 'country sells
there. is nobody to buy. Very little In the way
of cash business is reported and the entire
situation In. wheat outside of milling demand
and in the Southwest is so far as - the cash
situation is concerned unencouraglnsr. It Is
a broad, active market and will likely con
tinue a good scalping one, but the tendency
seems lower." ¦ ¦¦• • .
.In this "market - futures were better again,
but there waa no change on the spot.
Spot, Wheat — Shipping. $1 O7V~@1 U8% : mill
ing, $1 10@l 12% per ctl. ;
Bananas,- $1 75® 2 75 per bunch .for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$3©4 per dozen. ¦ r ¦ •
APRICOTS — Royal, ' 10® 14c ; Moorpark 9 % ®
12%c. -• . . ¦ :, . . ... '. w
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18%c; unpeeled, 7%
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
31
Articles— t>pen. HIeh. Low. Close
Whfat No. 2—
January .... .... .... ' 74 %
May 79% 70% 78 78%
July 73% 70% T8 78
Corn No. 2 —
January 53%
May ..... 63ft 63^ 61% 61%
July 63 63 61 & 61%
OatB No. 2 —
May 45%. 45Vi 44 44
July 39% 39% 30 39
September 33 33% 32% 33
Mees Pork, per bbl—
January 16 02% 16 02'^
May 16 50 10 B2'/ a 16 37^ 16 37V4
July 16 67% 10 62% 16 37% 16 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 9 42Vi O 42% © 25 9 35
May 9 65 9 60 9 50 9 50
July ....0 65 9 72 '/ 3 9 CO 9 62 Hi
Short Ribs, oer 100 lbs—
January S 35 8 35
Mav 8 CO 8 60 8 55 ¦ 8 55
Ju!y .... 8 65
t:
OAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
£
S
s
%
ft
2 2 0 2 *
§S ga <? 32. §
n n pi i= i
\storia 30. 52
Baker 30.52
fcarson 30.20
Eureka 30.32
"resno 30.00
'•laestaff 29.60
3 ocatello, Ida_30.24
29.88
l*os Angeles.. 29. 86
3 hoentx 29.76
Portland 30.60
Sed Bluff 30.26
....30.46
Sacramento ..30.16
Salt Lake 20.96
ian Francisco.S0.18
5. L. Oblspo..30.00
?aa Diego.... 29. 94
Seattle 30.56
Spokane 30.58
SValla Walla. .30.68
Wlnnemucca .30.28
rum* 29.74
20 20
28 28
42 36
48 40
4S 22
2 2
«i 40
5<j 38
58 40
22 16
40 38
28 22
44 40
25 26
50 42
62 44
r.'i t,i
26 ..
8 — i
« Z
18 16
CO* 38
XB
N
KW
N
XW
N
6W
N
NW
sw
E
N
xw
N
w
EE
SE
S
KW
W
Pt.Cldy .00
Clear .02
Clear T.
Clear* .00
Clear .0.{
Snow .94
Clear .02
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy .00
Rain .10
Clear .02
Clear .00
Clear T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .01
Clear .04
Cloudy .OS
Clear .34
Clear .01
Clear .04
Clear .0(3
Clear T.
t:
OAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
£
S
s
%
ft
2 2 0 2 *
§S ga <? 32. §
n n pi i= i
\storia 30. 52
Baker 30.52
fcarson 30.20
Eureka 30.32
"resno 30.00
'•laestaff 29.60
3 ocatello, Ida_30.24
29.88
l*os Angeles.. 29. 86
3 hoentx 29.76
Portland 30.60
Sed Bluff 30.26
....30.46
Sacramento ..30.16
Salt Lake 20.96
ian Francisco.S0.18
5. L. Oblspo..30.00
?aa Diego.... 29. 94
Seattle 30.56
Spokane 30.58
SValla Walla. .30.68
Wlnnemucca .30.28
rum* 29.74
20 20
28 28
42 36
48 40
4S 22
2 2
«i 40
5<j 38
58 40
22 16
40 38
28 22
44 40
25 26
50 42
62 44
r.'i t,i
26 ..
8 — i
« Z
18 16
CO* 38
XB
N
KW
N
XW
N
6W
N
NW
sw
E
N
xw
N
w
EE
SE
S
KW
W
Pt.Cldy .00
Clear .02
Clear T.
Clear* .00
Clear .0.{
Snow .94
Clear .02
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy .00
Rain .10
Clear .02
Clear .00
Clear T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .01
Clear .04
Cloudy .OS
Clear .34
Clear .01
Clear .04
Clear .0(3
Clear T.
Articles— t>pen. HIeh. Low. Close
Whfat No. 2—
January .... .... .... ' 74 %
May 79% 70% 78 78%
July 73% 70% T8 78
Corn No. 2 —
January 53%
May ..... 63ft 63^ 61% 61%
July 63 63 61 & 61%
OatB No. 2 —
May 45%. 45Vi 44 44
July 39% 39% 30 39
September 33 33% 32% 33
Mees Pork, per bbl—
January 16 02% 16 02'^
May 16 50 10 B2'/ a 16 37^ 16 37V4
July 16 67% 10 62% 16 37% 16 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 9 42Vi O 42% © 25 9 35
May 9 65 9 60 9 50 9 50
July ....0 65 9 72 '/ 3 9 CO 9 62 Hi
Short Ribs, oer 100 lbs—
January S 35 8 35
Mav 8 CO 8 60 8 55 ¦ 8 55
Ju!y .... 8 65
AUCTION SALES
: CLOSING OUT SALK
OF THE FOLLOWING STANDARD
27 fALO ALTO BROOD MAItCS.
Anselma. 2:29% (dam of Anselor. 2:21%). by
Ansel, 2:20; Asombrosa. by Azmoor. 2:20%;
Bell Bird, 2:22. Electioneer; Ceclno. Mendoclno,
2:19%; Clarion. 2:25%, Ansel, 2:20; Clario-
nette. Dexter Prince: Coralla. Boodle. 2:12%;
Corsica. Dexter Prince; Ella. 2:29. Electioneer;
Elsie (dam of five in the list). General Benton:
Glacinta. Guy Wllkes, 2:15%; Lady Agnes
(dam of two in the list), Electioneer; Lady Nut-
wood, 2:34% (dam of three In the list). Nut-
wood, 2:13%; Ladywell, 2:16%. Electioneer;
Laura Drew (dam of two In the list). Arthur-
ton; Lena. Dexter Prince; Lilly Thorn. Elec-
tioneer; Morning Glory (dam of two in the list).
Electioneer; Nellie Benton. 2:30 (dam of two la
the list). General Benton; Ororose, Oro Wllkes,
2:11; Sabling, Guy Wllkes. 2:15%; Sonoma,
2:18, Electioneer: Sylla Barnes. Whips. 2:27%:
Wildmay, 2:30 (dam of Wilder. 2:10%). Elec-
tioneer; Zorilla, Dexter Prince. All safe In
foal to such sires as McKlnney. 2:11%; Iran.
Alto. 2:12%; Nutwood Wllkes. 2:16%; Mendo-
clno.. 2:19%; Exloneer, Azmoor, 2:20ft; Mon-
bells. 2:23%, etc.
ALSO THE FOLLOWING HORSES:
Bay stallion AZMOOR. 2:20%. Electioneer-
Mamie C: brown gelding Altower. Altlvo
<2:lSVi)-WHdflower (2). 2:21: chestnut geldlav
Mer.zle, Mendocino (2:19%)-Llzzle.
Sale Will Take Place at tha
OCCIDENTAL HOUSE EXCHANGE,
721-723 Howard Street. San Francisco.
THURSDAY JANUARY 30. 1902
Commencing- at 11 o'clock a. m.
Horses at Yard January 27. Send foe Catalogue.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
' C7Thls will be the grandest opportunity ever
offered seekers after first-class, handsome trot-
ting mares In foal to the most fashionable sires
in California to get them at their own price.
Many of these are young and after they have-
weaned their foals will make very desirable
roadsters. A handsomer lot was never offered.
There will be no reserve.
£* fe £=&
6reat ; Sale of Thoroughbreds
and Trotting Stock.
EIGHTY HEAD OF STALLIONS. MARES,
¦ COLTS AND FILLIES. FROM THE
SONOMA STOCK FARM.
Notice Is hereby given that under authority
of an order of Court, made December 30, 1901.
J. B. Walden Jr.. administrator of the Estat*
of James B. Chase, deceased, will sell at pub-
lic auction 1
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4. 1902. at 10 A. M..
AT STOCK YARDS. 1732 MARKET ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
all the great thoroughbred producing brood
mares, stallions, yearlings, two. three and four
year old colts and fillies (sisters and brothers to
winners). Including the stallion Dare by Imp.
Darebln. and the mares Marigold, Centella,
Mischief. Catalina Rebecca and many others
all royaly bred In producing lines. Also 20 head
of well bred trotters.
Catalogues now ready. Stock at yard Friday.
January 31.
W. H. HORD, Livestock Auctioneer,
1732 Market St. San Francisco.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUITOAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
32
SAIf FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; opea until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 6:80 p. m.
818 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
. 1M1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p.m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
riRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams,
D. D-. paetor. will preach at 11 a. m. Topic.
"A Chancing Creed, but a Constant Experi-
ence." At 7:30 p. — i.. sermon by Rev. John
Henry Barrows, D. D., president of Oberlln
College, organizer, chairman and historian of
the celebrated World's Congress of Religions,
held in Chicago in 1S93. All are cordially
Invited,
THIRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth et.,
near Mission— Rev. William Rader, pastor.
11 a. m., "The Sufficiency of God." 7:30
p. xn,, "The Evolution of Devil and Crime,
the Police and the Courts in San Francisco."
PARK Congregational Church. 1649 Haye* St.,
near Central ave. — Professor R. R. Lloyd
will preach morning and evening (11 a. m.
and 7:80 p. m.). Subject morning, "The
Withholding of Revelations" ;. evening. "The
Changing Creed and the Constant Exper-
ience." Sundav school and Professor Lloyd's
Bible class at 12:30; Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30.
Good music under the leadership of Mrs.
Jeesie Dean Moore. Morning offertory by
Miss Annie Heritage; male quartet In the
evening.
RICHMOND Cor.g— egational Church, ucorner
Seventh ave. and Clement st. — Rev. Philip
Coombe, pastor; residence, 3415 Jackson st;
telephone Jackson 1941; 11 a. m., prelude,
"The McKialey National Memorial." Ser-
mcn. "Doing What We Can With What We
Have." 7:45 p. m.. subject, "The Breadth
of the Christian L4fe." Sunday School, 9:45
a. m. C. E. Society, 6:45 p. m. Seats free.
A cordial welcome lor every one.
CENTRAL. Church, Mission et., bet. Sixth and
Seventh — Pastors, Arthur _L Briggs and
Herbert F. Brlgys. 11 a. m.. sermon; topic,
"An Impressive Contrast." 12:45 p. m.,
Sunday School; Rolla V. Watt, superintend-
ent. 6:15 p. m., Societies of Christian En-
deavor. Topic, "Missions." 7:30 p. m.,
concert. Programme: Anthem, "My Pong
6h«JJ Be of Mercy" CWilkineon); quartet,
"My Faith Looks Up to Thee" (Lachner-
BHEEford); bass solo, "The Perfect Life" j
MEETIWQ NOTICES— SUNDAY— — Con l.
K. HUESSMANN'S test circle to-night, 25c
1774 16th it, near Guerrero; sittings dally. .
MRS. HANDLE Y, dime circle, Sunday evening;
tests to all. 2703B Mission; readings dally. ¦
CARLE'S wonderful and convincing elate-
writing seance to-night 823 Bills et •
ETHEL CRINDLE — Materializing seance Sun-
day eve., 60o. 8 o'clock. S25 Ellis St.
MRS. STODDARD — Convincing- test circles 10c;
, Sunday, Tuesday; readings dally.
LADIES' Aid social and dance, January 31;
¦¦ good muslo. 305 Larkin st • ¦
MEETISG KOTICES.
THE annual general meeting of* the -jf^^
shareholders of the Independent *^»s^_i
Red Men's Hall Association will be -_-_£_*-
held on TUESDAY EVENING. January 28,
at 8 o'clock sharp, in Red Men's Hall, 610
Bush st. C. G. BALSDORFF, President.
B. A, SAMMANN, Secretory, •
ST. PATRICK'S day convention — A fcL,-*^
convention composed of .five delegates -\W\}v/
from each of the Irish civic and mili- %^\\w
tary organizations of this city and CJ_|u~n
county, and of the officers of former fi^R*
conventions. Is respectively invited to assem-
ble on SUNDAY, the 2d day of February,
I»02, at 2 o'clock p. m., at Knights of the Red
Branch Hall, No. 1133 Mission et., San Fran-
cisco, for the purpose of organizing and of
taking: steps for the celebration of St.
Patrick's day. 1902. All Irish civic and mil-
itary organizations are requested to select
and send five delegates to said convention;
and all former officers are Invited to attend.
JOHN O'GARA,
President Convention of 1901.
FRANK S. DRADY, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. C Murphy in the Hidden
Treasure Hydraulic mine, at Kelsey. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey
Canyon; from John Pascoe and W. H. Se-
combe. in the Chili Ravine gravel mine, near
Plaeervllle, El Dorago County, to deposit
tailings in Chili Ravine; from Warren T.
Russell, in the Happy Flat placer mine, at
Garden Valley, El Dorado County, to de-
posit tailings In Happy Flat Creek, and from
Wentz Bros., in their mine, near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
en a flat below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal., on February 3,
1902. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The California
Sugar Refinery will be held at the offlce of
the company, S27 Market st, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the third day of
February. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
| a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
! of directors to serve for the ensuing year.
BUSINESS CHANCE S— CoBtlnned.^
J. H. STANTON, real estate and business broker;
removed from 84 Kearny to 777% Market;
. hundreds of lodgingrhouses and bus, chances.
$1500 — SPORTING business ; pays $260 to $300
. ¦> month; several stores; owner retiring; ex-
perience not necessary. Box 3418. Call offlce.
WELL-PAYING seml-advertlslng medical busi-
ness, $1600; low rent; good proposition for
business man or doctor. • Box 7963, Call. .
WHY not start business for yourself with the
new year? best opportunity in the. State.
Owner, 454 Thirty-fourth St., Oakland.
CIGAR stand for sale, only $300; worth $500;
sickness; come investigate; no agents. 1446
Market st. . -
TAILOR shop and store: beautiful show wln-
ddws with stock; good location. 8449, Call.
LADY with $150 as partner in paying business
or manager. 131 Post St., room 3. . •
I_VDY wants partner with capital In good busl-
ness. Box 3431. Call. ¦-¦¦,.
A PATENT article used In every family; State
and county rights for sale. Call at 202 4th.
SALOON for sale. Apply AHRENS, PEIN &
BULLWINKEL, 620 and 62016 Post St.
INCOME ?1000 per year can be secured by any
one who will investigate our plans; no gold
. mine or gambling scheme; simple, straight-
forward business proposition of unusual
merit. JUML1PA CO.. 615 Fullerton bldg..
St. Loui-, Mo.
A WELL-PAYING seml-advertlslng medical
business, $1500; low rent; good proposition
for business man or doctor. Box 7963, Call.
FOR sale or lease — The Bay .View Livery Sta-
bles, San Rafael, Mar In Co., Cal.; contents
consist of 30 vehicles of every description
and 26 horses, all In flrst-claes order; cleared
over $500 per month for the last three years.
M. MURRAY, proprietor, San Rafael.
I WOULD like to meet a young man printer,
a Christian, who is out . of a job, with a
printing outfit preferably.' Leave address at
box 3478, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Restaurant, $225; finest little place
in the city; $100 cash, balance on time. Ap-
ply 320 Mason st.
FOR sale — Old established grocery and saloon.
132 Eighth St., corner Natoma. •
A LIVE man with a little means can buy a
half interest in a well established grocery
business across the bay; receipts are about
$3000 per month. Address box 2584, Call.
$225— BRANCH bakery, laundry offlce, etc.; 2
living rooms; rent $14; 'near large school;
good living. Address box 1550. Call offlce.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East at, north of Market
•_'__"'. '"'•" . : ••' ciiAx_tvoYAWTa.y -;¦'
SPECIAL READINGS.'-" . V
26o—
SPIRITUAL. READINGS.
25o
CLAIRVOYANT READINGS,
25o
TRANCE READINGS, >
¦ 25c— -¦
; ; BUSINESS READING3,
PSYCHIC READINGS,
25c
¦ PROF. BROCKWAY,
1052 Ellis st.. bet. Franklin and Gough.
Offers for a short time only Readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence between the hours
of 10 a. m. and 8 p. m. daily. Sunday 10
a. m. to 3 p. m. . . ¦
SCIENTIFIC AND EXPERT LIFE
- READER. .'
Readings which, for DETAIL, exactness,
truth, interest manifested in each Individual
case, sound advice and couneel, are not
.. equaled in this city at any figure. PROF.
BROCKWAY tells you what you want to
know, eliminating all uninteresting features,
and not tiring you with matters entirely
Irrelevant to the case in hand, as has been
the case in readings you have had in the
past. ..
PROF. BROCKWAY reads your PAST.
PRESENT and FUTURE.
YOUR LIFE
As an open book.
HIS PSYCHIC POWERS i
ARE .SO REMARKABLE
HE WILL TELL YOU YOUR NAME.
If you are married or single, how long you
will live and many startling facts too numer-
ous to mention. Go and see him and be con-
vinced that you have one genuine psychic in
your midst. If you are in trouble about love
affairs, come to him. He will give you valu-
able advice and true revelations concerning
It. Restores lost affection, removes all 'dlf-
¦ flcultiee, reunites the separated, and causes
speedy and happy marriage with one of your
choice. Tells if the one you love is true or
false. Tells what business you are best
. adapted to and what days and locations are
lucky for you. If business, family or money
matters perplex you call on this gentleman.
He will straighten your affairs and give
. you success in all your undertakings. Never
makes mistakes, having rare and wonderful
insight in all business, law, ! divorce, family
and money matters. Gives valuable ' advice
• to those who have failed in their social or
business affairs. How to achieve prosperity
and happiness. Everyone has talents, and
If you know what they are and how to use
them your life will be a success. ,<•.
But no matter how you may strive. If you
are not working in harmony with the talents
you possess your efforts will be In vain.
REMARKABLE! ,
i REMARKABLE!
REMARKABLE!
Is what the people say who
go to see him. .
He is undoubtedly the most
! . CLAIRTOYANTS Continued. "
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack"of fore-
sight Into the future; If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled In life, consult , Ismar, for she Is a
prophetess of world- wide fame, and her name
has become a proverb in thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice; Ismar can
be consulted daily from 10 a- m. to 6 p. m..
Sundays from 10 to 12 a, m., at her offlce,
1148 Market st. opposite Sixth.
SPECIAL— Owing to a large number of in-
quiries from country persons, Ismar wishes to
announce that her readings by mail are equally
as satisfactory as in. person; readings by mail
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing "Works, 353-357 Tehama at. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 120. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 210 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 910 Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body or attorneys. .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room i!10, 027 Market st.
rt CpjTTAGgg, _ TO LET.
SUNNY 4-room cottage, bath; with or without
stable; large basement. 910 Capp st.
COT1AGE-.— ___JCRBA>— TO LET.
ROSS Valley; large 5-room hilltop sunny cot-
tage; furnished; piano; etc. 514 Pine; 10-12.
pDBNTlSTS.J
A— DR. T. sThIGGINS^ 927 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bids. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 upt
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for beat crowns, plates, bridges
EMP1OYME1IT WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day or housecleanlng; good reference. F. D.,
21 '/i Harrison ave.. off Folsom st.
GERMAN girl wishes position; good cook; gen-
eral housework; email washing. 410 Franklin.
WANTED— Place .to work lor room and board
by middle-aged woman employed part of the
day. Bo- 2549, Call.
NURSE wishes a position at nursing: the best
references. 116 Fourth »t.. room. 21.
A LADY wishes a position as housekeeper or to
take charge of a lodging-house. S. H., o_3
Pine st.. cottage No. 3. |j
LADY compositor would like steady work on
straight matter; 4 years' experience; w_g«s
$8. Box 3473, Call.
LADY wishes a position to work on figures
where no experience Is required in book-
keeping; advancement expected. Bo_ 3437.
Call offlce. ' ;
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
desires a position; references; Oakland pre-
ferred. Address A. J. W.. 1028 East
Twenty-first st. East Oakland. Ca_
COMPETENT. -woman for general housework:
is a good cook. Apply 615 Otb st.. Oakland.
A RESPECTABLE, middle-aged woman wishea
to do general housework; small wash; fond of
children; wages $15 to $20. Address House-
work. box 3420. Call offlce.
WANTED— Plain sewing; mending to take
home; references. 109 Leavenwortn st.
LADY, speaks Spanish thoroughly, wishes
work by day or week; can teach small cnu-
dren; good writer; clean, plain sewer; wash,
iron; any kind of honorable work; have own
children to attend; would work cheap for
short hours. Address E. M., 1941 Mission »t.
GOOD laundress wants work by day or by the
week. Address Call branch offlce, 300 Hayea.
WANTED — A position by an experienced nurse
• to attend children or invalid, or as compan-
ion to elderly lady; will afslst In housework;
can sew and mend. Address MRS. II. T. EL-
LETT. 253 Natoma st.. near Fourth.
TRUSTWORTHY housekeeper wants position,
middle-aged. In small family; care of chil-
dren; no washing; French spoken. Write
814A Larkin st. ___
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position In ft
small family as housekeeper; German pre-
ferred; object, good home and small wages.
Address box 2395, Call offlce, Oakland.
AN experienced North-German nursery govern-
ess seeks situation in a private family; best
of references. A. B., box 3559, Call offlce.
A REFINED lady wishes a position as house-
keeper for a widower's family. Box 3562.
Call offlce. I
FCT-XITTJRI- COR »AI__.
FOR sale— New and elegant furnituro; la nse
3 weeks; cost $1500; party must go East at
once; flat to rent, $30. Just completed, in
Western Addition. Box 2548. Call offlce.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 80. with Now 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
_¦ FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for tacand-hand furoltnra; tel. Red 1331.
£k9_yj5§: i
D. * F. BLACK suede glove; best In the wovid;
"warranted; kept In repair. 121 Oi-n t_a-g-
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — 13 cooks, American and German
style, $30; 6 second girls. $20. $23; house-
. work, 3 In family, San Rafael. $30: Oakland.
$30; 2 parlor maids, $23; nurse, 2 children.
$25; middle-aged woman, care 2 children,
$15; governess, $25; waitress, country hotel,
$20; chambermaid. $20; head waitress, coun-
try. *25; Infant nurse, $25; laundress, private
family $25; & large number of girls for nlca
families, to do housework in city, $25. Av
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 834 Sutter ft.
WANTED—
For a wholesale house, a lady ©f reflnonwmt
with pleasing manners, tact and dlscretloni J
must be well dressed and give good reftr-
ences; a good salary will be paid to one
who is conscientious and can fill these re-
quirements. Address Tact, box 3333. CaLV
LADIE3 — IX you want genuine home work, no
canvassing-, we will give you a yearly con-
tract to do copying: for us In your o~~ » homa
and pay you from $3 to $15 weekly; copy and
paper furnished free. Call all the week from
9 to 12. or send 10c for samples, Novelty
Company. 618 Eddy st
CAL. College of Halrdressing; and Massage—-
Every branch of trade thoroughly taught {
girls, visit our classes and get your work dona
free; day and eve. classes, beginning Jan. 2Tj
tuition, life term, $5. 805 Larkla its Uk*
elevator.
rOKiMAN and designer on. ladies' waists and
wrappers; must be able to grade her own
patterns; liberal wages: good position to
right party. I. MAONIN & CO.. 6M Mis-
sion St.. third floor.
EXECUTIVE woman who understands cutting
of ladies' waists, to take charge of depart-
ment? must he bright and energetic: g-ood.
(Hartwell Jones), B. F. Grandeman; violin
solo. "Cavatlna" (J. Raff), Charles E. Rob-
son: anthem, "Send Out Thy Light" (Gou-
nod). 8 p. m., sermon; topic, "To Whom Shall
We Pray." Roscoe Werren Lucy, organist
and choirmaster. The seats are free and the
people are welcome.
EIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. on "Our Responsibility," and at
7:30 p. m. on "Christ or Nothing." Music
by large chorus choir — I. E. Blake, director.
Seats free. All invited. Sunday School at
12:45 p. *m. Epworth League at 6:30 i>. m.
Evangelistic services every evening this
week, except Saturday.
UNITARIAN Church (First), 6W. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt
rainifter; Rev. Dr. Stebbins, minister emeri-
tus; Charles A. Murdock, superintendent Sun-
day School. The Sunday school is at 10
o'clock. The morning service Is at 11
•V clock. Bible class, led by Professor
Thomas R. Bacon, at 10 o'clock. Rev. Mr.
Leavitt will preach; subject "Are Unitarians
Christians?" All are cordially invited. There
Ja no evening service.
VNTTARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth 6ts. — Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore,
minister. Sunday School at 9:45 o' clock.
Morning theme. "Passing By" ; evening
theme, "Christianity's Millstone, or the De-
mand for Ignorance,"
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Sacramento Et. — Services at
11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at
1_:45 p. m. Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p.
m. ¦ Rev. William Kirk Guthrie will "preach
both morning and evening. Sunday evening
musical service: Organ prelude (Guilmant);
anthem, "Fear Not, O Israel" (Spicker);
organ solo, offertory (Hoffmann): duet for
contralto and basso, "I Will Magnify Thee"
< Marsh). Miss Rose and Mr. McBride; motet
for soprano solo and chorus, "Hear My
Prayer" (Mendelssohn); solo, Miss Williams.
Otto Fleissner, organist and director. All
are cordially invited.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough ets. —
Rev. F. W. Clampett D.D., rector. Holy
communion, 7:30 a. m.; Sunday-school, 9:30
a. m. ; morning eervice, 11 o'clock, sermon by
rector; afternoon service, 4 o'clock; evening
perries, 8 o'clock, sermon by Rt Rev. Wm.
Nichols; confirmation service. All seats free.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett st,
near 23d — Morning service, 11 o'clock.
Preacher. Rev. J. George Gibson. Subject,
"The First Christian Revival." Evening
service, 7:30 o'clock, subject, "Master."
Barytone eoIo by Dr. Gibson, "All of Thee"
<Sankey); organist. Miss Lotta J. UnderhilL
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist Central
block. 223 Sutter st.. between Kearny and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. ; subject of lesson-sermon, "Love."
Sunday-school for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-rooms, 206 Kearny st, rooms
503^510. All are welcome.
A GREAT union mass-meeting of all the city
churches this Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock
in thp Triune Men's OirisHnn Aaar-Motlnn
and the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
. AGEXTS WASTED.
WANTED — Agents to sell to families 45 sep-
arate cures for 45 diseases. Address DR.
DB FORD'S REMEDY CO., 136 S. Broad-
way, Los Angeles, Cal.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ar.ee? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
AGENTS wanted In every town to buy, rent or
operate slot machines; best inducements.
STAR MACHINE CO.. 2125 Mission st.
ASTROLOGY.
ORIENTAL ASTROLOGY
Reveals your life, success In love, marriage,
business, etc.; descriptive photo of who you
should marry; satisfaction or money refund-
ed; send birth date with lOo for typewritten
horoscope. Including copy of my book on As-
trology. P.ROF. POSTEL, No. 25, Lans-
downe. Pa.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings
by mail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor Bt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damagee, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick:qulet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment; phone John3 181.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston,819 Market
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket gt.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
GOOD strong practical electric automobile of
local manufacture: must be sold at once:
at a bargain. Apply to A. E. BROOKE
RIDLEY. Parrott bldg.
FOR sale— 2& H. P. motor bicycle; standard
make; bargain. Auto-Bike. 531 Valencia st.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN does the beet repair work in the State;
moderate prices. 301 Larkin st
wu BOARDIXG FOR CHILDRES;
LADY with own home would like children to
board; good care. 3218 Sixteenth Bt,
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1948.
MLblu store; coast agency; 3 furnished rooms;
bargain. 1523 Market st.
$350— RESTAURANT for sale; good place for
man and wife. Box 3529, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT— Place man and wife or cook
and waiter; good business. Box 2814, Call.
$600 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant Val-
leja. Cal. ; great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
LOUGIKG-HOUSKS FOit SALE.
850 Market st. Tel. Davis 281.
15 rooms, cheap rent, good location. .. .$1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. 600
6 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
20 rooms, central, good payer 165U
20 rooms, good furniture, money maker. 2200
20' rooms, snap, see "it 850
38 rooms, central, clears $200 3200
30 rcoms, cheap rent, money maker. . . • 1600
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location. 2700
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50 900
9 rooms, rent $32, good furniture...... 450
17 rooms, rent $60, good payer 900
7 rooms, flat, good sunny corner...... 350
WANTED — Tenant for new 140-room house; all
modern conveniences; steam heat; 35 private
baths; telephone every room; long lease.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market.
SPLENDID opportunity for a lady with a few
hundred dollars to manage rooming-house in
good location. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. 850 Market st. ' _^
50 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
Bee it. DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850
Market st.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE.
Call on Us
Any house sold on payments
Call and Get Our Large List
We have houses in all parts of city. . . .
7 rooms, bargain, easy terms $300
68 rooms, corner, clears $400 ...3500
17 rooms, clears $75, only 250
19 rooms, rent $40, clears $00 450
10 rooms, swell, bargain 800
• 13 rooms, very good, rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF, Phone John 631;
906 Market r st, cor. Ellis, room 12.
A "SUNDAY SPECIALS" A
20 rooms; south side; corner....' $1000
12 rooms ; corner; double entrance 475
17 rooms ; sunny corner ; terms 850 I
21 rooms; corner; good 1200 i
14 rooms; Polk; low rent 800;
11 rooms; Post; bargain; terms 650 !
17 rooms; 6th st. ; running water 750 j
25 rooms; rent $40; money maker. ..... 1000
HARKRADER & PERKINS,
44 Parrott bldg., 4th floor.
Phone South 492.
75 ROOMS; Stockton; clears $1000 mo.— cheap.
80 rooms; nr. Hyde; cost $3600 $2800
Elegant flat; Jones st. ; 9 rooms....... 1200
21 rooms; on Eddy;. housekeeping; good. 1400 j
' 7 rooms; on O'Farrell; trade for lots.. 200 I
16 rooms: on California; clears over $50. 1600 ]
2 small flats; cheap rent; close in $140-$160. i
5 1nvi.lv fi-rnn— i flatc- clo^bTit • nVioan !
Remarkable man tnat ever
came to this city.
HIS CALLERS SAY SO,
And who should know better than those who
have readings with -him?
IF YOU HAVE NOT
Been satisfied with what you gained from
other mediums you muet not condemn this
gentleman before you try him. He has a
world wide reputation as being the most suc-
cessful clairvoyant in this country. If YOU
have never heard of him, write your frlentis
in other cities In regard to his work, and
your doubts will Immediately be removed
and you will lose no time In visiting him.
YOU SHOULD NOT
Miss letting him read for you, for his power
as a PSYCHIC far surpasses anything you
ever saw. His predictions can be implicitly
relied upon.
HE IS BUSY
All the time. People from out of town com-
ing to see PROF. BROCKWAY would not
have to wait so long if they will write be-
forehand, naming an hour as an engage-
ment.
You say, are the people pleased? They arc
simply : astounded, amazed. They say they
naver saw anything like it.
Spiritualists, scientists, merchants, bank-
ers and people of highest class of society
have , had readings with him and pronounce
him unequaled In his profession.
Their enthusiastic expressions
are:
"Isn't he marvelous?" -
"He Is the best I ever saw."
"He tells so-true. He actually told my
name. He told me my life better than I
could myself."
PSYCHIC-MAGNETISM,
OR
SOUL FORCE,
Has been tested and proven beyond a doubt
to be one of the most remarkable and mys-
terious of nature's gifts to mankind. It is
only of late years that a small number of
psychics of this country have developed this
great force to any degree of usefulness,
PROF. BROCKWAY being one of that few
who by giving himself up to the very strin-
gent laws "of nature for the past fifteen
years HAS ATTAINED TO A VERY
MARKED DEGREE an efficiency in the use
of this great and mysterious ferce. He uses
his power and knowledge for the happiness
and good of -mankind.
Some people .wonder why they are not
successful when others about them, although
of less seeming ability than themselves, are
prosperous in all they attempt. Some ladie.3
attract the attention of the opposite sex like
a natural magnet ;. others, although none the
less brilliant and good looking, are neglected,
and they wonder why their friends have such
hosts of admirers and they have none. Gen-
tlemen have the same experience to tell.
Why is it? . Why do others get rich while you
remain poor? Why do others succeed in all
they undertake while you always fall? Why
do your friends attract suitable companions,
marry and have happy homes, and not you?
IT IS BECAUSE you have not enough of
this great force called magnetism. Call on
PROF. BROCKWAY. He will impart to
.you the knowledge and tell you how you may
become successful In all you undertake, HOW
TO OVERCOME YOUR ENEMIES. How to
obtain your HEART'S DESIRE, how to
bring others to your way of thinking,
BY THIS REMARKABLE POWER. '
ana nmng6; extractions or nmr.gs dy my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years' .
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; laOy attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 803 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
;,lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO
up; offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 CO;fllllngs, 6€o;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.: expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext, 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist,
late of New York City, has Just located at
906 Jones st., where he will administer to the
aliments of domesticated • animals; offlce
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM,
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. ; 24 Post st., S. F.;
catalogue free.-' ' ' . .-' . • . . ¦
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford ¦ professor. Phelan building.
A — THE offlcial reporters of. Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CARRO TRUE-BOARDMAN— Teacher of elo-
RELIABLE, middle-aged woman, good cook,
wants position to do general housework in
small family; no postals. Address 711 Folsom.
STRONG young woman wants general house-
work; wages $20; no postals answered. Please
call 613 Minna Bt
A YOUNG lady wishes position as companion
to elderly lady. Address box 3479, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; _3c to $1 DO per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmor a.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia «t.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED--MALE.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman wishes to take charge
of dairy of 70 cows with his own help; good
reference; reasonable wages. T. D., 21 }»
Harrison ave.. off Folsom at.
WANTED — Position as head setter or screw
turner with a sawmill. Box 3448, Call.
GARDENER, with many years' experience In
all Its branches In the Eastern States,. 2
years in California, wishes position as heed
gardener In a private place to the. 1st ' of
February. Box 2212, Call offlce.
YOUNG man desires care of garden and car-
riage in cultured family: home preferred to
wages. R. F. ANDREWS. 761% Howard st.
RELIABLE young man wishes position as clerk
or bookkeeper; city or country. Box 3453,
Call office.
SOBER, reliable middle-aged man as night
watchman or fireman for stationary boiler.
Address box 3458, Call office.
WANTED — Position as dishwasher. Address
box 3532. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as house man or Janitor;
can take care of horses and milk; references.
Box S552. Call office.
A YOUNG experienced salesman wishes posi-
tion In retail store; references. Address box
3435. Call offlce. ¦¦ . -.
POSITION for. the afternoons; any kind of
work; am willing and fairly intelligent
Box 3561, Call offlce.
RELIABLE man wishes work; handy with
tools; good porter and bedmaker. .L. OLSEN,
631 Sacramento st. ¦ ¦
SITUATION wanted by young colored man as
Janitor, porter or housework. J. CARR, 247
Stevenson st.
BOY, 11 years, residing with parents, trust-
worthy, desires position as cash boy or other
suitable work, or would work after school
and Saturdays. Call or address 723 Valencia.
BY general office man; large experience rail-
way and steamship companies ; 14 years on
. west coast South America; speaks and writes
Spanish fluently; expert penman. Box 2552,
/¦"•nil nfflno
position to right party. Apply box 8441, Call.
_J_OIE3 taught how to male* $1» to $23 week-
ly; no canvassing; nothing to .ell I lnstruo-
tlons Civ- 2-cent stamps. DKRMA CO., box
i33. Salt Lak- City. Utah. »
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper and itenog-
rapher for country: wages $30 p«r month.
Address, In own handwrltin*. W. D., box
344 6. Call offlca. ___
WANTED— A neat young lady, rapid copyist,
and to assist In offlca; hours 9 to 8; salary \
$d p-r we-k. Box 3482. Call Offlca. • I
COMPETENT German or Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework, small family; good reference*
required. Call forenoons, 1962 Bush it.
WE can offer to a woman of culture and am-
bition an opportunity for lucratlv* employ-
ment Box 8439. Call office.
WANTED — Girl to assist in light houseworfcr
no washing; good home; $10 a montxu 130T
Golden Gate ave.
WANTE35 — A young- girl for light housework.
Apply 150 San Carlos ave., between Eighteen.
and Nineteenth sta. ___________________
AN experienced dipper wanted In a retail can-
dy store. Box 3450. Call offlce.
I YOUNG girl light housework. 1479 Flfte-nth,
st, near Howard. >
COOK for private hospital; good waxes. A»-
ply 602 Geary st at once.
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income,, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 519. Philadelphia^ Pa_
GIRL wanted for bath parlors. T Grant av».
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. JOHN REID &
SON. 907 Market st -
YOTJNQ girl or woman to assist in housework;
$12. 3190 Sixteenth gt. near Guerrero. j
EXPERIENCED waist trimmers; also skirt
improvers; perm, position. COX, 1514 Pine.
GIRLS to learn to operate on machina. 65S
Missioa st. 4th floor.
THREE women who understand sewing to look
¦ | over work. 656 Mission St.. 4th floor.
GIRLS for factory work. Apply at once.-
AME9 & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED silk hands; good pay.
JUDA BROS., 320 Market St.
NEAT young girl; general housework; no dill-
dren. 2154 Sutter st
GIRL for general housework and cooking for 2.
Apply mornings, 1922 Baker st
GIRL for dyeing and cleaning; offlce expertenca,
California Renovatory, 287 O'Farrell st
GOOD flrst-class trimmers. Apply HOLM *
NATHAN. B12 Market St. j
APPRENTICE In millinery stor_ at 682 Msa.
lister st; flrst-claaa teaching.
GIRL to assist with light housework and cars
of 2 children. 469 Haight St.. in war.
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis sts. Address
by George C. Adams, D.D., assisted by Fred-
erick W. Clarnpett, D.D. It will be the
forty-ninth anniversary of the association.
All are invited, both men and women. Mr.
H. H. Barnhart will eing, by epeclal request,
"Open the Gates of the Temple."
FREE religious services conducted by the Rev
Eenj_min Fay Mills at Golden Gate HalL
Sunday evening at 7:45 o'clock. The sub-
ject of Mr. Mills' lecture will be : "The Com-
ing Church." Mr. Brown's ladles' orchestra
will render selections from 7:30 to 8 p. m.
Doors open at 7:15; admission free.
REV. M. P. BOYNTON of Chicago will preach
et the Hamilton Square Baptist Church, cor-
ner Post and Ste'ner sts., on Sunday, Janu-
ary 26, at 11 a. m.
LOWER Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin Bt. — Special
addresses by Mr. Alfred Mace on Bible sub-
jects; Lord's day, afternoon, January 26, 3
o'clock, "Simon Peter, Servant and Apostle"?
Gospel addressee, Lord's day, Tuesday and
Thursday evenings, at 7:45 o'clock. You are
invited.
HOME of Truth (practical Christianity). 1231
Pine St., near Hyde — Sunday services at 11 a.
m.; evening service at 7:45 o'clock; healing
meeting, Monday evening, 8 o'clock, and
Tuesday at 3 p. m. All are vt relcome.
THE Theosophical Society — Public lecture to-
night In Odd Fellows' building at 8 o'clock.
by Mr. Thomas Prime of Bennlngham, Eng-
land; subject "Dreams" (by request): lecture
Illustrated by stereoptlcon views; Inquirers'
class, Sunday, 11 a. m.; children's group.
"The Golden Chain," Sunday.- 11:30 a. m.;
public meetings Tueeday evening at 8 o'clock
and Thursday afternoon at 2:80 o'clock.
Lending library open daily from 1 to 4 p.
m., also Tuesday evening.
THEOSOPHICAI--FTee popular lectures every
BUSIKi-SS CHANCES.
KELP me with money to complete equipment
of my business and I will help you In turn
to greater profits than your money Is now
earning, and that too, without risk. I have
a good patronage guaranteed that will pay
a net profit of $500 to $800 monthly. Four
ladles, appreciating the soundness of £_e
proposition, have subscribed amounts vary-
ing from $200 to $600 each and say they will
take larger Interests soon. I invite con-
fidential correspondence with any who mean
business. This Is not a speculation, but a
recognized business proposition that will
command your respect and confidence. Ad-
dress SAMUEL JEFFREY, box 3436, Call.
RYAN & FIELD 935 Market st.. room 3, op-
posite Mason, phone Folsom 3022 — 10 saloons
$225 to $5000; 50 restaurants and delicacies,'
$150 to $6000; 39 cigar stands, $150 to $3000;
50 candy, notion, delicacy, branch bakery,
etc.; 5 partnerships, from $100 to $1500.
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy Et. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
These are bargains; we advertise nothing else.
FISHER. 935 Market st. tel. Folsom 1592.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market Et. and 8 Stockton et.
Rooms 21-22-23; phone Bush 3_3.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us. Flats from 4 to 9
rooms for $215 to $1400; lodging-houses from
6 to 108 for $225 to $12,000; boarding-houses
from 8 to S3 rooms for $850 to $9000.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
17 rooms, cheap rent, must sell $575
30 rooms, rent only $75. near Powell St.. 1400
53 rooms, corner, modern building, Bnap.. 950
30 rooms, rent $80, reduced to 1S00
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market St.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
A^ ' Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GRIFFIN. 710 Market st, rms, 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
offlce. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
RYAN & FIELD, 935 Market, room 3, opposite
Mason, phone Folsom 3022 — Fine places on
Van Ness. Golden Gate, etc.; plenty, cheap,
south Market; houses all sizes; good list of I
water front houses; C00' houses; big list;
laree places .
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, has bargains
in lodging-houses.
7 rooms; rent $28; price ". 5300
38 rooms; rent $100; price 1700
•Better call before buying. j
. — ¦ 1
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that !
WILL PAY, or if you want to borrow
MONEY at 1 ] ,4 per cent, call on M. E. i
RIVES, 016 Market st, rm.69; tel. Main 128. i
AVERAGING $350 month profit — Best 65-room I
corner, centrally located lodging-house in I
PROF. BROCKWAY is here to stay. His
record for the past ten months is sufficient
guarantee for his future dealings. REMEM-
BER THAT IT IS NECESSARY FOR YOU
TO BRING THIS CLIPPING WITH YOU
TO ENABLE YOU TO OBTAIN THIS SPE-
CIAL RATE OF 25c FOR ALL READINGS.
He will discontinue his seances Sunday,
Tuesday and Thursday nights while the spe-
. cial rate Is in effect.
PROF. BROCKWAY HAS NO SIGN OUT
SO REMEMBER THE ADDRESS.
1052 ELLIS ST.. BET. FRANKLIN AND
GOUGH.
HOURS 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
KNOW THY FUTURE
And Prospects for 1002 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD, ,
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
, domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
" marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
.love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or influence any one
you love or meet; no charge • unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours, 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
14, flret floor. 1104— MARKET ST.— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told -how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25k
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Biack 45(W.
A. W. A. STONE, KING"oF~ciIXliSvbYANTs"
25G Turk Street. '
cution and dramatic art. 622 Green st, near
Montgomery ave. Juvenile class Wed. at
Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
. positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers In account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
¦ modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new (iU-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
A FULL course of Ellis bookkepeing and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market et.
PIANO and vocal school; thorough and suc-
cessful Instruction; expert teachers. 1017
Sutter st. ; C. HOFFMAN, director.
A — THE T^co Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved, to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 102-1 Mission, nr. 6th.
GOLDEN Gate Night School; bookkeeping,
i shorthand, English. 530 G. G. ave.. Lib. big.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.De.Filtppe'sAcademy
of Languases,320Post;estab'dl871;ablestprofs.
SPANISH — Classes and private by the well-
known Castilian, Domingo C. Maya, 216 Eddy.
! SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally
| MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1CG8 Mission; instruments selected.
YOUNG man who can set straight matter
wishes work in printing* offlce. with chance
to learn trade. Room 75. 660 Howard st
YOUNG man of neat appearance desires posi-
tion; first-class references; has had expe-
rience warehouseman, fireman, janitor, care
of horses; can drive; is willing and obliging.
F. J., 60 Haight st.
NURSE with good hospital and physician.'
¦ references; obliging and satisfaction always
given. F. M. JONES, residence 206 Van
Ness ave. ; tel. South 857.
SITUATION wanted as private gardener; ex-
perienced; best of references. SCO Union st,
Oakland.
RESPECTABLE man, experienced Janitor,
wants any kind of work around house or
store for small compensation. Box 3539, Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position as cigar drum-
mer; has city and country trade; none but a
flrst-class house need answer. Box S538, Call.
JAPANESE wants situation as second cook
or assistant baker in country. Box 3476, Call.
JAPANESE flrst-class butler wants place In a
family; references. H. Y., 1812 Devisadero.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anl
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. ¦
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents^ — The Weekly Call.
IB pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FIXAXCIAXn^^^ ~
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and 'financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
FIRST-CLaSS parlor maid and waltr_-» wlta
city ref. Apply be. 12 and 2. 1701 Van N-aa.
GIRL for light housework. 1629 Golden Gat*
ave., near Scott; call morning.
WANTED — Girls at National Laundry, 411
¦ Sanchez st
WANTED — 2 good lroners at National Laun-
dry. 411 Sanchez Bt.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; small
family. 3320 Twenty-second, near Valencia.
WANTED — Girl for light housework. Inquire
. SE. cor. Central ave. and Sutter st.
WANTED — Flrst-class waist trlmmeri pena»-
nent position. 830 O'Farrell st
X — WANTED — Girls and women at 8. F. Hair- -
dressing College to learn halrdresulng trada
' thoroughly in 2 weeks; course $3. Including- '
manicuring, massage, scalp treatment bleach-
ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, twitch and
wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions in stores all
over city; 6 positions In leading stores opea to
those entering immediately; girl not knowing
trade In 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r. 13-13.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss A Co,'s Ov*r-X.
Factory, 82% Fremont st; ip experience nec-
essary; good pay; steady work. Apply t«
MR. DA VI3.
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
work at highest pay; also have a few ma-
chines empty for girls about 16 yean of ag*
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts.
ou_u_.y a* o p. m. f tiooa ounamg, 803 Mar- !
ket et; subject to-night "Karma," by Mr.
W. U. Ducey; Bible class, Sunday at 11 a.
xn.. conducted by Miss Walsh. Inquirers'
meeting and lecture on "Thought Power; Iu
Control and Culture," Thursdays, 2:80 p. m.
Free nse of library to the publio. All cor-
-lally Invite-,
MEETINGS— SUNDAY.
AA — DR JOHN A. KERGAN will give an Il-
lustrated lecture, for Men Only, this evening,
at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 909 Market
Et Those attending may procure free tickets
to X-Ray exhibition at Sanitarium next
Tueeday evening. Beau free, no collection *
Remember the Question Box. '
BROCKWAY will discontinue the seances Sun- I
day. Tuesday and Thursday nights on the ac- !
count of the epeclal readings that he is giv-
ing; all who present hi» ad in clairvoyant
column, this paper and date, will receive a
private reading- at 25c 1052 EUU Bt., bet
Franklin and Gough.
AA— THE regular monthly lesson ltctur* on
suggestion, "How to Win Bueoes-" : demon-
tratlons; fine rnueic: 25c. Henry Harrison
Brown. Odd Fellows bldg., 8 p. m.; next class
begins next Monday night j
TEST meeting, 909 Market front hall; U, free; I
2:30, Mrs. Harrison. Seeley. Wllsbnj 8, Mrs.
GlUingham. Wilson. 10c; dance Feb. 11.
MRS. EEERHARDTB spiritual test meeting
to-night. 2250 Twenty-eecond st.. between
Mission and Valencia; 10c.
TEST meeting, 909 Market rear hall; 11, free;
2, 8, 10c; Swan, Maxwell,. Wrenn, Martin,
.'ewell. j
C. V. Miller's Mother Sadie's seance Mon., 12
a. m.; eeance to-nlghtj 8 p.m., 60c 1084 Bush.
MRS. MARY EVANS— Circle to-night IO?
__every night but Fri. 120 6th; readings daily.
PROGRESSIVE Spirits. • Occidental Hall 305
L-rkln; Jan. 26. 7:30 p. m.; Mrs. R. S. LUlle.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of epirit return
to-night C05 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics)
MRS. V. MELVILLE of N. Y.— Grand materi-
-lizing eeance to-night 8; 50c 132 Page st
A — Prof. Gee, 108 6th st. — Circle to-night, 10c;
names, dates & other astonishing facts given.
MRS. HARLAND'S test meeting, 8 p.m.; seal-
cd letters' ans., 10c; readings, 50c, $1. 132 6th.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c IIS Sixth, j
$200— STATIONERY and candy store opposite
schoolhouse; value in stock; established 5
years; rent $16 to good tenant with refer-
ences. KREDO & CO., 14 Flood building.
$400 — A SACRIFICE; restaurant worth $1000;
receipts guaranteed over $21; trial given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
$2000 — FIRST-CLASS paying grocery; all com-
plete and a crack location. ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
IF you want to buy a business or cell go to
DECKER. 921 Market st. ¦
$6.73 PROFIT on each share since November
1st If you want good-paying, safe invest-
ment shares $10 each, dividends payable
Beml-montbly. send for circular. STERLING
& CO., 506 Liberty building, New York.
(Mention paper.)
DO you want to make money? Our system of
turf speculation has earned large weekly
dividends for past four years. Highest in-
dorsements. Write for particulars. Mention
paper. HAMMOND &, CO., 21 Park Row,
New York City.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
E-pert Handlcappers, 113 Stockton st.
THE profits on an Investment of from $10 to
$100 with us will pay your running expenses;
shares $10 each; profits paid semi-monthly
Bend for circular. STERLING & CO. 500
Liberty building, N, Y. (Mention paper).
PHYSICIANS and surgeons^ — 8 offices fur^
nlshed elegantly; complete and latest surgi-
cal outfit; finest electrio and Al X-Ray ap-
pliances; drugs; library; easy terms. Room
64, 805 Larkin St.
INCREASE your Income 3f to 8 per cent week-
ly; write for particulars ; $25 for trial In-
vestment Denver Co-operative Investment
Assn.. Exchange bldg., Denver, Colo.
$250 — PARTNER wanted in H_ht business
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required- trial
given before buying. 25 Geary st., room 4,
$276 CASH or Installments will buy one share
and give Eteady employment in the Glbbs
Co-operative Colony. Call or write 18 East et.
$250— PARTNER in fine saloon; grand loca-
tlon; positive safe reliable investment; don't
miss It Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
$200^— PARTNER wanted; a good chance for
steady man.. Apply 40 Ellis St., room 81. •
tnis city; lease; $3ouu.
N. D. SICKELS— the Land Agent— 6 Geary.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1208 Market.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale, $225; must be j
sold; cause, death; 17 rooms. 28% Clay st. |
NINE-ROOM lodging-house for sale cheap. Ap- I
ply after 2 p. ,m., at 251% Stevenson St.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postatre paid. . . • ¦
1-ODCIAG-HODSKS TO LET.
ELEGANT new 60-room house; corner of Turk
and Leavenworth ets. ; plans at offlce. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery, st. .
SPIRITUALISM. .
KISMET, the king of developing mediums, will
positively develop any one In slate writing,
materialization, ballot reading, etc.', in 3 sit-
tings/ $15; slate writing, sittings 50c; mag-
netized slates, $1 per pair; full life reading,
personally or by mall, 6Oo; all occult sciences
. taught; success positively guaranteed. 2524
Fulton Bt. ; hours, 1 to 1 p. m.
BROCKWAY will discontinue the seances Sun-
day, Tuesday and Thursday nights on the ac-
count of the special readings that he is giv-
- Ing; all who present his ad In clairvoyant
column, this paper and date, will receive a
private reading at 25c. 1052 Ellis st., bet.
Franklin and Gough. ' :
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing' medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
• Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus.' medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell «t; Ellis car. .
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st; readings dally,
| "50c and $1; : circle every . night, 10c. : . -
MME. THYES' seances Sun., Tues. 1 , Thufs.,
25c 093 Market; read, dally; parlors, 11-12.
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium. 1610 '
Clay , st. ; circle to-night; - consultation daily, j
MRS. VALEEN. medium and palmist, i will ,
guide you right. 1583 Market ft, near 12th. |
EDWARD E ARLE, 328 Ellis ; /eadlngs daily ; |
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mm. O. J. I
- Meyer; sitting- dally; test to all to-night; lOo. ]
opportunity _xtraoramary.
FREE! FREE! FREE!
FREE! FREE! FREE!
ABSOLUTELY FREE TO LADIES ALL
WEEK — A psychic reading of rare ability to
demonstrate hia superiority over all corners 'as
a life Rnd business reader. Free readings be- *i
tween 10 and :< p. m. at 250 Turk st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
. 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: Bend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairyovant. tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband cr wife:
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 3 p. m. _!L5V_ 6th.
ISMAR, tho Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 3 0 a. m
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. : .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readings ;ladtesEOc.
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BISHOP. ¦¦¦<¦
. . Clairvoyant and Trance Medium,
Readings dally, BOc and up.
807 Van 'Ness.' Phone Larkin 2746. ; . ,
A— MISS M. WILLE. 826A Ellis; clairvoyant;
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.: full names; 60c-$l;>-'-10 a.m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. .BROWN, clairvoyant; card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader.; lad. 25c-
gents 00c. 051 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
:_';Only'10c^from l'to 8; 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
EDGAR SANS'ON. 423 ' , Ellis. . 4 doors from
Leavenworth: reading daily, $1- hours 10-5. ,.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
. or no pay; 25c and 50c. , 234*. Sixth • St. V.-;.
MRS MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L; 25c ; G. BOc.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant.water
: reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563. •
50c., $1 — Prof. Weller, clair., palmist, card read-
v er; mail orders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt.
MRS.' B. ¦ Baumann; well-known fortune teller
• has removed from 222 Eddy to 407. O'Farre-U.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
.'-advice; names given; 25c up.:. 5 Fourth st, -¦
. r -. * * j
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $8 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— ni^ht class. 424 Pine st.
MARY P. WESTHAUP. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, BOc; piano for practice. 29 Fifth st.
IIEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Et. 8. F~
foun-7e<1 1S>::: rgw SO-ra.-rp catalogue free. - -.
KM1'LOY3!EXT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks &
waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. Kl-
NOSHITA. VZi3 Page. cor.Lyon.tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
¦¦ Tel. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Emplovment Office—
' Best help. 411U O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish moat
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 6072.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German chambermaid and
S seamstress desires situation; good references.
, MISS CULLEN, ; 325 Sutter , st.
A FIRST-CLASS German .laundress desires
, ¦ situation ; best of references ; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, ; 325 Sutter et. -
THOROUGHLY competent, reliable girl; first-"
class cook; city or short distance In the
country; very economical:' not afraid of
.. work ;, fare expected. ; 214 Fifth' st. -
COOK wishes a situation in American family;
= understands her work thoroughly; references.
Box 3440, Call offlce. ;. ¦ . . .
A LADY desires a position as housekeeper In
hotel . cr as manager of lodging-house; high-
I est | testimonials as to experience and char-
acter. MRS. R. J., llin Sutter st. :
A": COMPETENT woman .-. wants werk by the
day,' .washing , or housecleanlng; $1 60 par
, day. Address 612 Treat ave., near ; 19th st
A' LADY of many, years'; experience as teacher
;- wishes pupils : for the i piano and onran; b«-
: ; sinners preferred; thorough instruction given.
BOX 8453. Call. • . !¦;¦-, " ,
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 326 Post st
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — W«
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bond» underwritten. Call
or address main offlc* 507-8-» Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — NEW 5 and 6 and 8 rooms ; low rent Nos.
509-525 Frederick st.. near Stanyan.
A NICELY furnished flat of 10 rooms for sale*
account of departure. 412^ Post st.
FOURTEENTH, 132— Nice furnished flat. 4
rooms, bath; sunny side of street; $25.
HAYES, 17l3, nr. Masonic ave. and Park Pan-
har.dle— Sunny upper flat, 4 rooms, bath; $15.
NEWLY furnished flat of 5 rooms; thoroughly
j renovated ; modern improvement. 38 McAl-
lister et. . " - .
NEW upper, modern, sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath.
075 G. G., opp. Jefferson sq.; no children.
NEW modern upper flat; frescoed ceilings. 219
' Carl st, near Stanyan. :
NOE. 153. block and half north Market; hand-
some 3 bay-window cor. flat; « rms.; rent $25.
SHRADER, 720, j near Waller— Elegant upper
"¦• flat. 0 sunny roomS; 4 bay-windows; rent low.
SWELL., brand new. facing park. 6 rooms ;
porcelain baths. Sixth ave.. near Fulton «t
TEHAMA. 3 and 11, near First— Cottage 5
rooms, flat 4 rooms;' business location; rent
low.
UPPER flat of 6 sunny rooms; yard and base-
ment. _ 455 Haight st. near Fillmore.
$16— BAT- WINDOW sunny flat; 6. rooms. 28 H
. West Mission st., bef Twelfth and Brady.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
¦ 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. SI per year.
; FURNISHED FLAT WASTED.
FURNISHED flat wanted by young married
couple; no children; a neatly furnished flat
of 5 or 8 rooms; location north of O'Farrell
, and cast of Devisadero ; must be scrupulously
clean and ' contain .modern Improvements ;
"¦I ctaU rest. AddreM bos 2334, Call e*flo«*
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to rlscht par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Young lady aa assistant to book-
keeper, rapid writer and accurate; -alary
$30. Box 3560. Call offlca.
WANTEI>-A hairdresser and manlc-re. 2UT
Flllmore st. near California.
WANTED — Experienced art good a saleslady.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALB
BROS'. _ ,
WANTED — First-clasa millinery trimmer. Ap»
ply at HALE BROS'., between 8 and 11 a. a^
A GERMAN woman aa governess; stats r»-
llglon; salary $30. Box 2994. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1009
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED — HALE.
AT C. It HANSEN & CO.'S 10- Geary -t,
Wanted — 10 stonemasons for n«w railroad
work In Nevada, $4 a day; fre» fare. •
Harness maker for new railroad camx> to
Nevada; $40 and found: frea far*.... «•
Bridge carpenter, country, $3 a day. far«
paid; camp blacksmith, $3 a day; 2 ranch
carpenters, $20 and fcc_r_; milk wagon _rtv«c*
$30 .,
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
All-round hotel man. clerk for hotel, who la
a good business man. $30
Short-order cook for hotel cafe, country. $3**:
bread baker, country shop, $30
Marker and distributor, country laundry, $15
a week ,
C R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary «t
WANTED — Responsible manager to take charx*
of warerooms and offlce to be opened In Cali-
fornia to further business interests of old es-
tablished manufacturing concern; salary. $150
per month and extra profits; applicant must
furnish good references and have $1500 cash.
Address Superintendent. P. O. box 1421, Phll-
adelphla. Pa. -
WANTED — A temperate young man with $130
as partner in old established business requir- .
•ng two; pays about $70 per month. 765 Mar- I
ket _t. room 3. f
TOUNO man. stenographer and offlca assistant:
•willln* to do out a Id* work If necessary; stats
•xperlenco and -alary wanted. Bos 8471, Call*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
33
HELP WAlfTED— WALE— Con.
A — MURRAY A READY Phone Main 684a
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
2 carpenters for a mine $75
2 milkers, $35; milker and butter-maker] 5
farm hands and teamsters: blacksmith, city
job; 8 cboremen and boys
WOODCHOPPER8
NEW CAMP CHEAP FARES
tO vroodchoppera to open up a new woodchop-
ping c&mp; level ground; virgin timber; S
years' job; men can make big wages; cheap
fare; prlcee 75o to $2 per cord..............
&0 tiemakers, same camp; lOo each.
Marker and distributor, country laundry, $15
week; baker, country shop, $50; second cook,
plain hotel, IS5; ranch cook, $26; German eeo-
ond cook, $30; 3 cooks, waiters, kitchen heln.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
•w anted! - ~~
Tor a wholesale house, a gentleman of good
presence and address; must have tact, energy
and good Judgment; salary. Address, giving
experience and references. Wholesale, box
3554, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY person each county "to man-
age business old-established house; bona-fide
weekly cash Balary $18 paid each Wednesday
with all expenses from headquarters; money
advanced for expenses. Manager, 339 Caxton
building. Chicago.
WANTED — A carriage painter; must b« an all-
round man; good striper and finisher; single
rr.an preferred; also Eastern man. Apply to
2C5 Stevenson st., or Bay View Carriage
Co.. San Rafael.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
etc. — A free scholarship in engineering will I
b« awarded to a few well recommended appli-
cants. American School of Correspondence,
Boston, Maas.
WANTED — Man and wife to run chicken ranch
on chares; must have experience with Peta-
luma incubator*- state age. experience and
references. II. B.. box 8445. Call office.
WANTED — Entry clerk who resides with his
parents; must be a good rapid penman and
accurate et figures: etate age and references
when making application. Box 8442, Call.
WANTED — Assistant bookkeeper and stenog-
rapher for country; wages $50 per month.
Adfirese. in own handwriting. W. D., box
8446. Call office.
ERRAND boy. 14 or 15 years; light office du-
ties; reside with parents; references required j
for honesty end respectability. Address B.,
box S556. Call office.
YOUNG man to pell watches on weekly pay-
ment eystem: no canvassing: state salary ex-
pected, age, references, etc. Box 3456, Call.
WAXTED— Honest man with $250 cash: duties,
tend cash counter in restaurant; no experi-
ence; $50 month. BROWN. 1221 Market et.
EIG snap— Fine opening for man and wife with
$190; restaurant; receipts $10 day; living
rooms. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
EXPERIENCED man to offer grocers' special-
ties ; none but competent salesman, well rec-
ommended, need epply Box 3443, Call office.
YOUNG man, bookkeeper and stenographer;
Ftate age, experience, references, last em-
ployment. Box 2557, Call office.
WANTED — At 630 Market ft.. State and U.
P. volunteer eoldiere; bring discharges.
HOWE.
WANTED — Civil engineer for railroad* work;
muet have experience and good references.
Address P. O. box 20S7.
INTELLIGENT people who need an income ad-
dress Prootreader. box 519, Philadelphia, Pa.
A REPRESENTATIVE man to callon cigar
trade with tobacco Journal: 9 a. m. 310 Clay.
OFFICE assistant in tool and machinery bus.;
brUrht & active; not over 18. »-ll. 58 1st st.
MAN with $400 as working partner in estab-
lished business. Box 3477, Call office.
BOY wanted; assist on ranch; good home. 6135
Telegraph ave., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED cylinder feeder wanted at
514 Pine st.. Monday morning at 8 o'clock.
WANTED — Night cook; wages, $10 per week.
Call 204 Sixth St.. The Myrtle.
GOOD night cook at 1201 Fillmore et.. corner
of Turk.
BARBER shop for Eaie in mining town; good
business; no competition. Further particu-
lars R. A. FEATHERS. Quartz Mountain,
Tuolumne County, Cal.
V.' ANTED — lst-class machinery salesman for
engines, boilers & hoisting machinery; expe- ,
rience In shop and erecting necessary. Ad- :
dress or apr'y to Rix Compressed Air & Drill
Company, 396 Mission St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Men now engaged in representing I
wholesale tailoring firms and have been sue- j
cessful ia the lire: very largest wholesale J
tailoring concern in U. S. will give such men
opportunity to make more money than they
are making at present; best sample equip-
m«;t, woolens on consignment, swatches,
etc.. trill be fumlEhed; branch stores opened,
without requiring investment of salesman;
salaries guaranteed to right parties: good '
salesmen will find this their opportunity.
A, H. NICOLL. Lock Box 629, Chicago. 111.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON, j
room 412, Parrott buildinjr. ;
WANTED — Bey as draughtsman's assistant;
one with a little experience preferred. Box
2551, CalL
WANTED — Experienced dry goods wrapper. )
Apply at HALE BROS.'
"WANTED — Experienced domestic Ealesman.
Apply bet. 6 and 11 e. m. at HALE BROS.'
YOUNG German boy for grocery and bar. j
Seventeenth end Eureka eta.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less tt>as 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 I
inch; able to rpeak and read English. For |
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 EUis Et., Ean Francisco.
WANTED— Soldiers who enlisted In U. S. Vol*.
to apply for two months' extra pay. due un-
cer a decision of the U. S. Court of Claim*.
CHAS. and WM. B. KING.
344 Phelan building.
WANTED — A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler- for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory: Plate salary and where employed. Box
2278. Call office.
Y.'ANTED— For office work, a bright and in-
telligent young man of about 20: must be
quick and accurate at figures. Address, with
reieretees. D. W.. box 3491. Call.
.V.'AKTED — Gentleman, acquainted with better
class, to handle special proposition in Oak-
jand. San Jose and San Francisco. Apply
613 Market et.. room 45.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand: only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. €35 Clay st-
W ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Ro!kin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
"WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS retail Jewelry salesman for city.
Address, etating previous experience, box
34S4. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS eticker hand. Mllvla and Adflt-
son sts.. E. Berkeley. DALZELL & MILLER.
WANTED — A rood young butcher, with refer-
enees. Call 2004 Polk gt.. near Pacific.
WANTED — An experienced engineer for city
botel; calary and board. Box 2520, Call.
WANTED — Experienced dcmeetle salesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Cash boy. between thirteen and
fifteen years of age. Apply at HALE BROS*.
McDONALD & PERRY have BOO second-hand
shoes for sale, 00c up. 241 Third tt.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
nmilea. 6. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
COO MEN to bey new and 2d-hand army sboee.
5Oo up; soling 20c up. 823 Howard St., nr. Oth.
PENSION' ejtty.. E. A. Bullis. 3. 40. Phelan
big. Part Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the Tt-oria. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart St.
GET your «hoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 6(3 Mltslon gt., bet, let and 2d fts.
ALL e:ze men's ehoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mission «t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 2O0 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
fret 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement)! and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10J6
Valencia rt.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ie pares. In wrsnner for mailing. $1 per year.
** OIJSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED "list houses to let; send for clr-
cnlar. q. h. umbsen & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY cottage. 6 rooms, and stable, 72*
Willow ave.. near Ellis and Buchanan sts.
BROADWAY. 1030. near Laguna — Eight roomz.
bath: fine marine view; rent $42 80.
HOUSES FOB SALE.
KEW modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement, yard. Portols, off Waller,
tet. Pierce and Stelner. Inqulrs 63 Portals.
HOUSES \VANTED.
WANTED — Furnished or unfurnished house. IB
or more rooms; central; north of Market.
Box 8460, Call office.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
AUCTION sale, Monday. Jan. 20; 40 head
heavy wagon and livery horses at 11:30
s. m. Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 and 723
Howard Et.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, S27 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR sale— At Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st., 6
cheap work horses, 4 sound horses, weight
1200; fine surrey horses.
FOR SALES — Gentle team and good spring
wagon. 1 Holloway ave.. opp. Ingleslde.
FOR sale — Horse, top buggy, harness, good
condition; also good bicycle. 442 Pacific st.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HEINEMAIfS, 109 Sansome st. . •
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light j
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission. \
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this Interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 39. 139 Post St., Llebes building.
• LOST AND FOUND.
PAIR gold eyeglasses In broker's office, Mont-
gomery st. Reward 69 Shotwell St., or bro-
ker's office.
BETWEEN Oakland and San Francisco, purse
containing gold, silver and small key; re-
ward. J. L. FROST. "Western Union Tele-
graph Company.
LOST — On Saturday p. m., Jan. 25, a ladies'
breastpin set with diamonds and pearls alter-
nating. Finder please return to W. K. Va;i-
dersllce. 136 Sutter St.. and receive reward.
LOST— From Van Ness and California, fox
terrier dog; left side of face and ear black.
E. W. JOY. 433 Kearny st.; reward.
LOST — A fur carriage robe in vicinity of Wash-
ington and Spruce sts. Return to 108 Twelfth
St. and receive reward.
LOST — Hibernia bank book; name, R. Durning.
Return to bank.
LOST — Sunday, ring containing 7 diamonds.
Return to 1302 Folsom Et.; reward.
LOST — Diamond sunburst, 13 stones. Return
906 Eddy St.; liberal reward. -^
LOST — A fox terrier 0 months old; liberal re-
ward. Return 121 Trenton st., bet. Stockton !
and Powell, off Pacific. j
LOST — Bobtail spltr. dog: answers to name of |
Carlo. Return 1C29 Bush st.; reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of ANNIE PEPPER. No. 185-519.
The finder will please return to bank.
6-MOXTHS 1 old fox terrier bitch; reward $2 50
Return to 2133 Fillmore st. *
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
• MINES AMD'? MINING.
WASHINGTON MINES ARE GOOD M1NBB.
WASHINGTON MINES ARE GOOD MINES.
WASHINGTON MINE6 ARE GOOD MINES.
Washington mines will make more money
for shareholders than any others in the West
because of: ¦ ¦ .
Pact 1 — The ores carry high values la Cop-
per, Gold aud Silver.
Fact 2 — The presence on the. properties of all
the auxiliaries to successful mining
— timber, water, coal, coke and lime.
Fact 3 — Power for running machinery costs
nothing.. Within a year it is said
electric railroads will be operated
In the Carbon River district by water
power.
Fact 4 — Proximity to the seaboard (Copper
King mines are only 45 miles from
the sea at Tacoma) means low
freight expense and correspondingly
larger profit e, in addition to the
markete of the world being open to
the mine owner after ' his stuff is
aboard ship.
Fact 5— More money Is being expended on
Washington mines than on others,
and therefore greater accomplish-
* ments are possible. Mining and
allied industries are making tre-
mendous strides in AVashlngton.
Puget Sound beckons to capital, and
¦• capital readily responds. Success is
sure to attend a company with good
properties, well managed.'
THE COPPER . KING MINING SYNDICATE
THE COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE
THE COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE
Has a magnificent group of C5 claims in the
Carbon River district.. Just north of Mount
Rainier, in which district mine values have
more than doubled during the past year. The
silver content of the ore will alone pay for
working, leaving as a pront the value of the
gold and copper, ranging from $12 to $18 per
ton, and, In some instances, $30 and over per
ton.
A SMELTING PROPOSITION.
A SMELTING PROPOSITION.
A SMELTING PROPOSITION.
Tiie values known to exist In the ores of the
various mines of the Carbon River district
lead the various companies to plan a big
smelter at Montezuma, the new town where
big coal mines are Just opened and coking
ovens . Installed. The central location of the
proposed smelter will make it easy of access
and will enable the mines to handle their ores
at small expense.
CALIFORNIA MEN BUY WASHINGTON
MIXES.
CALIFORNIA MEN BUY WASHINGTON
MINES.
CALIFORNIA MEN BUY WASHINGTON
MINES.
The "Blue Star Group" In the Carbon River
district has recently been bonded by California
men, one of whom alcne has ample means to
develop the property. The gentleman referred
to is one of California's most successful opera-
tors and has amassed a fortune in mines.
The Montezuma Mining Company's "Chicago
Group and" the Washington Co-operative Min-
ing Syndicate's great "Surprise Group" are
In the same district and border on the Copper
King's properties.
"COPPER KING" WILL SOON ADVANCE
•COPPER KING" WILL SOON ADVANCE.
"COPPER KING" WILL SOON ADVANCE.
i INSTRUMENTS— O«w,
EOHMER & CO. Pianos. " , :
BYRON MAUZT Pianos.
LESTER Pianos. ,
HAMILTON Plaflbs.
BPEILMANN Pianos..
CEC1LI AN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS.- - .
BYRON MATJZY. 308-310-318 Poet at.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Becond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Becond-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $2S up; new upright
pianos from $176 up. BF.NJ. CURTAZ A
BON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. . Chickering. Mason
& Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos. -.
$175, $185 OR $200 will pay for a most excel-
lent piano If you come for It right away.. We
¦ have ethers for less or more money, and you
can make payments if you desire. Decker,
Wissner, Steger or Singer pianos in all
styles. THE ZENO MAUVAI8 MUSIC CO.,
769 Market st. ' ¦¦¦ -
¦ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited If purchased:
Installments $3 up; big allowance for old
planoe; bargains $29 up in Stein ways, Heine.
Chickering. etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
1 217 Geary st. *. '¦¦ -. _
A FULL-SIZED tipright piano, $85; six-octave
Mason & Hamlln organ, (39; SteinWay
square, $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months; $275; Bech-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
SON. 23 Fifth St.: IVER3 & POND, Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHTER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
tt.; established 1850.
A — PIANO, left on sale for lack of space, will
rent, store or Bell; no reasonable cash offer
refused. 217 Geary st.. room 38.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values host in the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S: Storage. 1710 Market st.
A $750 STEINWAY upright piano, nearly new,
• for sale af ',{. price for cash. . Box 3457, Call.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-han<l, $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House, 1729 Miser.
100 NEW pianos $3 a month: money allowed on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
PIANO, pianola and music left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 217 Geary st.
PRIVATE early will sacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 695 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
' SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
$175 — A RARE chance; flne upright. 6CHMITZ.
IB McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KKEFFE'S, 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Phorinirpr. Srhnbert an<\ Ptelnway hnreaii!".
KKXV HYGIENIC _ TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Nes§
ave.: hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4: T'hon» Polk 1431.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
PERSONALS— Continued. :
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
• the best corn cure; 26c; all druggists. ,
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
PLANISP AND TimXIBfO MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory turning, planing, shaping
and sawing. CARL F. HA A3. 95 Fremont.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of flee, and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. berb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 116-117 Mason.nr.ElIis.
PROPERTY WANTED.
STOCK in large working corporation for prop-
erty in bay counties; give location and cash
value: principals only; stock Interest bearing
and free from assessment. Box 8558, Call.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE — Will lengthy ads cure you? No.
Cal! at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206 Market et,
and get cured: trpntment free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 66S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. '145 6th.
storage: and .warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLP^T^tora^anT^oving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping, at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 200 Sansome.,
PROPERTY-OWNERS & CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect It 60c a foot up;
expert In curing smoking or faulty flues;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty: brick put under old
i buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR BALE.
G. H. UMBSEN &. CO..
14 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE.
$45,000— Rents $335 60 Der month; Itfdy Bt.,
inside of Van Ness ave.| ,8 elegant
massive flats, nearly new, 0 rooms and
bath each, and rented t0 . ve f? A deB £:
able tenants; large lot. 62x120; two
$40,000— P^cmc^ave.; large, elegant rejWence
of 20 rooms, handsomely finished,
north side of street and commanding
a fine view; large lot. 68:9x127:814.
$20,600— Ren'J> $148 per month; choice corner
on Jfolk st. ; good substantial lmprove-
$13,000— Nominal rents $80; East-st. business
property; old Improvements; i» i*«
$14,000— Rents $105 per month: Leavenworth
St.. this side of California st.; two
3-story houses of 10-11 rooms ana
bath each; if properly improved would
yield handsomely; large lot, 57:0 feet
front.
$12,600 — Rents $70 60 per month: choice cor-
ner on Hyde St.; store and 2 flats.
$10,250 — Rents $85 per month; choice corner on
Jones st.; 3 bay-window flats of 6
rooms and bath each, commandlnx a
flne view. -
$9,000— Rents $70 per month: Green St., near
Powell St.: 8 substantial fl a ' s -,_ r « a , r
house and stable; large loV 33:ftxl37:«.
$8.200— Rents $75 per month; Larkin st.; 3
substantial flats of HJ rooms ami
. bath each and cottage; brick founda-
tion, etc.: 48x100.
$7.500— Rents $57 per month; Lyon St.. near
Park Panhandle: 2 elegantly finished
flats of 6-8 rdyns and bath each; 25
$7,000— Rents $62 60 per month, which can
readily be increased: Folsom st.. near
12th St.; a good, substantial 3-story
building, consisting of store and 2
flats; separate entrances; this location
is rapidly Improving and becoming de-
sirable property. ,.
$6,500— Rent $60 per month: Fall-st. resldencs
of 6 rooms and bath, and 2 flats ot
5 rooms and bath; 27:6x120; two
frontages. S2:'S .
$6,000— Rent *58 per. month; near 19th and
Valencia sts.: 3 good substantJal
houses of 6 rooms and bath each, with
high basement; street bltumlnlzed; lot
50- foot front. .
$5.600 — Rents $37 50 per month, which can be
readily increased; Oak st., near Scott
st. ; 2 well-built flats of 6-6 rooms and
bath each; in good order: 25x100.
$4,750— Rents $45 per month: near Park Pan-
handle; 2 desirable • flats of 6-6 rooms
and bath each; stable In rear; 25x
$4 650— Rents $40 per month: Folsom St.. near
20th St.: 2 substantial flats of 5-6
rooms and bath each and high base-
ment, which can be easily converted
Into 3 fl ats at small outlay.
$3,100— Rents $24 60, which are low; Lang-
ton St.; double house of 4-5 roorna
each; In perfect order; brick founda-
tion, etc.
$3,000— 22d- st., near Castro st; modern bay-
window cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
25x114. ,,, .
$2,600— Rents $17 per month: near Mission-
Et. carhouse: 2 desirable flats of 5-4
rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tion, etc.; 25x70. " ,
Send for our Real Estate Record
containing a list of properties for sale
In all parts of the city.
Latest Pocket Map of San Fran-
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB BAUB.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.. . j
$8300— RENTS $600 PER ANNTTil M
$6.600— Russ st., near Howard aa4 Stbt lot
80x100: house of 1» rooms, t baths.
$7000— RENTS $32 50 PER MONTH.
$7,000— Montgomery st.; lot e7:6xl«7:6; (ro|
buildings in flats; rents $23 SO.ptf
month; a splendid buy.
$15.000- RENTS $1820 PER TEAR.
$13,000 — Swell flats In most desirable l«r<t1flTl
only 2 years old; EUls it.; lot 80xl00j
nothing better to be had.
$11.750— RENTS $87 60 PER MOJTPH.
$11,750 — Howard st., near 19th; 8 naw up-to-
date flats of 7 and 8 rooms «n^ h»»»|
each; lot 83:6x79.
BUTTER-STREET DTVTCSTMENT.
$25,000 — Sutter sL, near Jones; frame bnfifla
Ings; rents $83 50 per month,; larsjS;
lot; this la a choice property.
CHEAP BOMB ON TERM3.
$2,300 — Only small amount cash. »>«1"nrT easy
payments; cottage ft rooms and baUw
tiled mantels, etc: 28th, near dtstrry
14160— RENTS $33.
$4,160— Brick building of 4 separate flats ssj
Tehama St., near l»t; always ranted.
BTOCKTON ST., NEAR PACIFIC.
$7,000— Two-story and basement brick hnCA.
Ing; rents $65 per month; lot 20x69.
NSW houses, cottages and flats for sale cheap
on easy terms In Sunset District, near new
music stand and all Golden Gate Park at-
tractions. Call at our branch office (open
week days. Sundays and holidays), come*
H et. and Oth ave. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS.
$2350 $2320.
Cheap building lot on Scott St., near **ni»j
suitable for flats.
Electric cars pass the property. .,.,«
Park lots In block fronting Golden Gats
Park, opposlta 19th-avs. boulevard Parli
entrance.
On H and I streets and ...«
17th, 18th, IStb and 20th avenues «
Streets and Lots , 4
... .On official grades, macadamized, tto. .,,
Water, gas, Welsbach street lights, planfe
Sidewalks
Excellent car facilities „
..Low prices; bound to Increase In value, *
Your own terms; small first payment, bal*
ance $10 monthly Installments: Interest %
per cent.
For diagrams and prices call at on?
branch office (open week days, Sundays and
holidays), corner H st. and 9th ave.. iouth
of Park. Horse and buggy at your disposal.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
$400 cash: $1200 can remain on mortzn ft
2 choice building lots on 24th St.. near Dia-
mond! 26x114 feet each: must b« soLl: mlb.
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases. ¦ I
a - - t i
•V ¦-.*« >l \ I HIM'! \\ it it ".".
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415\:. Sacramento st..
builds models and experim -*l machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. spt .ity: repairing.
1ACH1XERY— Bongbt, Solil ana Ex.
WANTED — To purchase an engine and bolter, i
second hand; engine must be not less than 40 '
horsepower and boiler not less than 54 In. by
16 ft., tubular; will give in payment gilt-
edged stock in a large going factory. Call or
address, giving full particulars and price. 40«l
Annex to Call bldg.. S. F.
MEDICAL. ~
LADIES— All who are sick or In trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects !
of a delicate nature; all classes of female j
complaints treated; icier to the longest cases;
all private diseases in both sex treated; blood
diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G W.
j O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fif'th. i
j MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
; teed; home before and during confinement;
I infants adopted. 41« O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell St.
MEN — Why be weak, when you can be strong*
Dr. De Ford's Regenerator cures when all
others fall. Price 50c. 6 for $2 50. by mail;
a guaranteed cure. DR. DE FORD'S REM-
EDY CO.. 136 S. Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.
j MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
I returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 112 Mason st. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
terclty Home. 806 Market St.. opp. Fourth.
j HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1128 Market st., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office. 122S Market st. : 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
{ MRS. DAVIS, ladies' specialist, returned from
New York; maternity home; low fees; best
medical care. 13S2 Market et.
Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama St.. nr. 2Gth;
treatment $5 to $10;avoid delay ;none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALi2.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
cnarcs (par value *1) are now selling at 5o
cash or Go on installments. Thafee prices will
Foon be advanced — perhaps without notice. Our
largest sales are made to men acquainted with
the district. As an honest speculation these
shares stand head and shoulders above any-
thing else on the market. The reader will find
it worth his while to ask for prospectus and
maps or call at our- olflce for Inspection of !h"
ores.
REMOVAL NOTICE.
February 1 we. shall occupy our new offices
in the Hayward building, corner California and
Montgomery sts. Until then address us as
below.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
- COMPANY,
; 32S Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
A COMPANY, duly incorporated and owning a
gravel proposition of exceptional merit will
dispose of a portion of its treasury stock at
60c per share in blocks of 500 shares or mul-
tiples thereof.
The company owns and controls many miles
of ancient river channels and gravel claims
carrying gold of high assays, both in quanti-
ty and fineness. Address for interview
"Miner," care Palace Hotel.
FOR sale — Property of the Consolidated Gold
Mininc Company, situated In Nevada County,
15 miles north of Auburn: 2 catented claims,
8-Etamp quartz mill, ditch and hoisting
works; reasons for selling, non-experience of
mining by owners; mine open for Inspection.
Further particulars from A. MEISTER, Sac-
ramciito, Cal.
A SNAP — MuEt be sold: 2500 chares of Monte-
zuma stock, Washington. 25c per share net
cash. Address "A Snap," box^ 3475. Call.-,
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. S.
F.: branch office. Nome. Alaska. r»«tnn 1ftO2.
MIXING AXD ASSAYING.
WANTED— A partner cr to join In erecting
10-stamp mill on one of the finest quartz
mines in Nevada County. Call evenings at
805 Eleventh St.. Oakland. B. T. AT.t.fv
MATRIMOXIAJL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 703 Ellis.
MATTRESSES ASP PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. >
3IO.NE1 TO lioAX.
HERMAN^U^H^T^»3~&camin^^b^mdl!n^
$4,500,000 at lowest rates .......'.
on first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust '."
.... Undivided interests in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate"
LARGE modern store. 120 feet deep, with base-
ment full length; 420 Bush Rt., opposite Cali-
fornia Hotel: runs to rear 6treet. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 613 California.
i STORE: Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.; fix-
tures and living rooms. Apply J. A. LEN-
NON. 315 Clay st.
EMMA Spreckels butldlng, 027 Market st. — Of-
fices with modern conveniences, $15 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
STORE to let with living rooms; rent cheap;
Mission St., opp. Cortland ave. Apply shoe
store. ¦ ', ¦ '
STORES WASTED.
STORE wanted: centrally located: owners only.
Address O. C. P., box 3561, Call office.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 MUslon tt.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515'
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
IM.RT3JERS WANTED.
$1500— PARTNER wanted for legitimate busi-
ness: every dollar absolutely secured; only
parties meaning business. Box 3459r Call.
. . l'EUSO>ALS. --. - r -- ¦-'- _
WE are making the best suit in the city for
j the money: it is first-class In every respect:
; workmanship and artistic design, with
all the quality of a $35 suit combined in on:
for the sum of $20; no more, no less; we give
you single, double-breasted sack or a cuta-
! way frock. MASTEN, the Tailor. 701 Geary
st.. cor. Leavenworth; phone Sutter 030.
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
Ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Reme-
dy Is superior to all other tonics and restora-
tives. It is clean and healthful, is not gummy
or sticky: no grease, no stain; never falls.
Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our office.
' 3S5 Geary St.. The Star Remedy Co.
A GOOD OFFER.
Brins your own goods to us and we will make
and trim your suit or overcoat for $12; It
will introduce our work. MASTEN, the
Tailor. 701 Geary St.
TUMORS AND CANCERS CURED — The Napa
Sanatorium will take a few cases of tumors
and cancers, making no charge until cure is
complete. Address Napa Sanatorium, Napa,
Cal. • ' ¦ -
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
I $15: with these suits we make an extra pair
| J. SMITH. 2933 Mlselon. or box 200, 318 Bush.
UKAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
THE CHOICEST BODY
OF RECLAIMED MARSH LAND.
36<J0 Acres.
No waste soil.
2800 acres under cultivation.
- Remainder will be.
Net rental, $5 to $7 per acre.
One and a half hours
From San Francisco
By rail or water.
For sale
As a whole
On easy terms.
A long lease might be given to desirable
parties.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
VILLA SITES
- In. the heart
of the
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS,
San Mateo.
In view of the great demand for building
sites In El Cerrito we have been instructed by
the Bowie Estate Company to offer for sale
the choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions to
be seen at our office.
Terms one-third cash, balance -In one and
two years.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
103 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
SAN MATEO.
FAIR OAKS,
MENLO PARK,
PALO ALTO.
We have some beautiful villa sites and
homes in these beautiful places: also some
handsomely furnished houses for rent.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in in-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank fore-
closures, that we have for 'sale. Mr. Bush hav-
ing had forty years' knowledge and experience
of the value of lands and being the owner of
an income producing orchard and vineyard, can
intclllg* ntly direct Intending buyers to the best !
lands and bargains in the State.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
A CHEAP little ranch of 20 acres, 2 miles from
R R. town, Alameda County; house, barn,
poultry houses, etc.; plenty good water; get
particulars of this. H. H. CRANE, 508 Call-
" ' G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
Downtown snap: few feet from Powell st.
and ckfie to Market st.: owner who lives In
Europe authorizes us to force immediate sale;
improvements, modern building of 20 rooms,
4 baths." can be used as 4 flats or apartment
house; will pay 10 per cent; price 512.000; any
offer submitted.
Near corner of Kearny and Bush sts.; house
of 12 rccms and bath: first-class condition; on
small street: $4000 offered 4 weeks ago before
death of owner; heirs will now take $3o00 to
force Immediate sale this week.
Handsome income of $1200 guaranteed for
$10,500; 3 new and handsome Western Addi-
tion Cats of 7 rooms and bath: light and sun-
ny rocms; bltumlnlzed street; cars pass.
Handsome modern residence; fine largrs
north corner on California st.; best block:
80 feet frontage; 12 rooms and bath, billiard
room, etc.; cost over $20,000. but pressing
need for money forces the price down to $14,-
000. «
4 new modern flats, 4 rooms and bath: tiled
mantels, porcelain bath, etc.; bitumlnlzed
street: never idle, and the rent, $792, pays
over 10 per cent net on the price of $6500.
ForecJceure sale: large, elegant, modern resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath: half block from
Park Panhandle; cost $8500; bank has fore-
closed the amount of the mortgage, 93O0O, u
now the selling price.
Business property, close In: store and 6
rooms and 2 flats above of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath- handsome in appearance; always rents
for$750per annum; price $TDOO; this is a snap.
Nothing finer In the city: n«*, modern
downtown flats: marble steps, electric Ughu.
etc.; five minutes' walk from EUls and Mar-
ket sts.; rents $1410, and price $14,600.
New elegant Presidio Heights residence of 10
rooms and bath; extra large lot: space of 10
feet on both sides of the house, giving abund-
ance of light and sun in every room; choicest
residence neighborhood in the city; at $8500;
this Is the cheapest residence on the market
to-day.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
203 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE^ OncO.
IMPROVED.
$16,500— Turk, near Jones; 27:6x137:6; two
" llTsOO-^McAlllster, near Gough; 27:6x120 to
rear j-treet; 3 flats; rents $92.
$8000— Noe, near Seventeenth; 60x95; 4 flats;
rents $72 50. _-_«- » - .
$8250 — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x95; 8 flats;
rents $67. ««_-- -
S50CO — Union place, near Green St.; 20x5-3:9;
n !.„..».. .ant «_11
able for a builder. Apply to BALDWIN A
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$2000 — FINE lot for flats: W. s. Walnnt, bet.
Sacramento and Clay; 4 lines of cars la ra-
dius of 2 blocks; street bltumlnlzed: side
i.ewer; water and gas Into lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market, opp. Keanr*
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$125,000— Corner; lot 70x130 ft.; rent J300; X
tenant.
$70,000 — Reduced from fSO.OOO; corner. 73x73
ft.; within one-third of block from)
Market st. and close to Hlbernl*
Bank; stores and lodging-house; best
. Investment off Market at-j must be
sold.
$62,000 — Large corner, within 2 blocks of Mar-
ket st. and Ztnkand's; a rare buy; 83
feet frontage.
$60,000 — Corner: 4SxS2:6 ft.: first comer fmo»
Ing Market st. north; sold for $42,500
20 years ago; want offer.
$55,000 — Half block from Orpheum; 1 block
from proposed Crocker hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
house.
$40,000— Geary-st. corner: lot 87:Cxl37!«; very
substantial improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per oent net.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 8 stores and 8
flats; building cost $33,000; lot €3:0*
71; rents $2450 per year.
$35.000— McAllister-at. comer; 83x03; good
Improvements; rents $220.
$15,500— Three new Ellts-st. flats: 2Ti6 feet
frontage; yearly rents $13eo.
$14,000 — Octavia-st. residence: in perfect eon*
dition; 12 rooms; lot 40x137:6 fset.
$12.600 — Sutter st., near Jones: a choice bay.
$11.5C0 — Ellls-st. corner; stores and flats: 3
frontages: lot 37:6x87:0; rents $95.
$11,000 — Modern flats; near Hyde and Suttert
rents $90.
$9,600— Rents $103; lot 60x30; downtown fa-
vestment.
$9.000 — Elegant residence. 8 rooms] best
modern sppolntments.
$5,C00 — Flats; rents $56; lot 43:6 feet Cront-
A.*^jl SPECK A CO.. eC7 Mar** st.
LYON A HOAG.
114 MONTGOMERY 0TRXET.
Send for our complete prlntad list «f prop-
erty for sale Is all sections of the city.
17,230 — Rents $64: Guerrero «.. near Twenty*
second: lot 36x117:6. through to aJley;
Improvements, 4 flats of 4 and 9 roooa
and bath each: In good condition.
$10,500 — Rents $100: offer wanted; S fine new
fiats, with all modern Improvement*!
nicely tinted; finished In best of tasta
and latest style; kitchen In eentert
large lot; Park Panhandle district.
$4,500 — $1000 cash, balance on time: Twentieth
St.. near Guerrero: two-story bay-win-
dow bouse of 8 rooms; porcelain bath.
S H.-P. SCHILLING gasoline engine $100
4 h.-p. jautomoblle gasoline engine 123
6 h.-p. boiler and engine 100;
5 h.-p. marine steam outfit ]."¦<: i
8 h.-p. gasoline engine complete 200 i
30 h.-p. boiler and engine 25U
8 h.-p. steam boiler '. . r,ij
All second hand. H. 6. WHITE. 816 Mission.
FOR sale — New gasoline 80- foot launch; 8
horsepower engine; fine and fast sea boat;
suitable for freight or passengers. Inquire
GEORGE W. KELLY, room 310. 927 Market. (
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., C52 Mission.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
goods: money back if not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO., 209 Battery St., San Francisco.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
CHOICE runts and hen pigeons, squab breed-
erE. etc.; reasonable. 2041 Linden St.. Oaki'd.
THOROUGHBRED eggs for hatching. Fruit-
vale Heights Poultry Farm, 'Dimond. Cal. -.
STAINED glass windows for church and home
decoration; a bargain. 816 Market, room 43.
PRINTING plant; good as new; cost 54COO to
$5000; price $2000; low rent. 514 Pine; 10-12.
WILL dispose of flne German canary rollers
cheap: moving. 918 Hyde st.
FOR SALE — New full dress suit; 38 breast. 246
3ntter at., room 17.
A LIFE-SIZE oil painting of Robert G. Inger-
boII. HARRIS' Loan Office, 103 Stockton Bt.
Wallpaper 3c, worth 10c ; paperhanglng. paint-
ing. Merigan, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
INCUBATORS for sale — 3 Petalumas cheap.
Inquire C. M. BLACK, 682 Clementina et.
FOR sale— A lot of hotel silverware; enough
for 14 tables. 820 Mason st.
EGG cases for sale. 1224 Point Lobos ave.
PRINTING plant; good as new; cost $4000 to
15000; price $2000; low rent. 514 Pine; 10-12.
FOR SALE— Coffee mill and National cash reg-
ister. 25 Hoff ave.. bet. 16th and 17th sts.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. IIP Montr 1 y.
BOATS launches, rowboatg carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
lined tafe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 306 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 13a Bealc gt. .
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLAS8 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. » Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; B drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLA^ID & BRBCK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
GOOD second-hand gasoline engines; also
vaporizers and crude oil generators made to
order. NEWELL BROS.. 66 Bluxoma st.
TILTON wants rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 eth «t.; tel. Jessie 2851.
j ..Financial problems of all torts and sixes
If You Need Money . '
! BEE HERMAN MURPHY. (XO Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.) " !
$300,000 at :.\' 3 & G per cent in tuma'to suit:
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT* ~
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
i 24 Montgomery st., room 3
j ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
i (second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
I interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans Room 1(J
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN*.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture; piano
or household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st., op-
poslta Lick House.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.. phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 18C3;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 9 Grant av.. nr. Kkt. ; tel. Black 6471.
j LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
j party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
j tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., S01 .lone.?.
I On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. KECKER. 027 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal! money-
quick ; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
Money loaned salaried people without security
- HILL, r. 44, Merchant^' Exc. 431 California,
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
tlOOO: any security. 302 Montgomery &t.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on nota without
indoreer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and .pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 0 Eddy.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th fir.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls.; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan: indorsed paper- dls-
counted. TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
itrlctly private. LICK. 116 McAllister at.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome et.
ON salaries without indoreer; oiher proposi-
tions. S. F, Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. SO!) Phelan bldg.
aresiCAL^iysTituaiEivTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our l>lano stocky
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
, of Chicago and Includes the most rellabU
' makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor*
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oakland.
$147 WILL buy a good new piano during our
- clearance sals at 933 Market st.; second-hand
pianos, $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market |
st.; between Seventh and Eighth. j
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester j
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms; \
25c to *1 50 per night; $1 50 to SG per week; j
free 'bu« and baggage to and from the ferry.
I WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
I fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market Et., near Sixth.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
GENTLEMAN, age 34. desires acquaintance '
stylish, refined young lady as companion to
places of amusement; object matrimony. Box
3432. Call office.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; sciection SCO patterns.
A NEW shampooing machine; dries your hair
in 10 minutes and benefits the hair; sham-
pooing 00c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
WANTED — An American lady with good inten-
tions, who sings and plays piano; object mat-
rimony. Box o410, Call office.
10.0C0 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 2,'JS Sixth st.. room
11; call after 7 p. m. - ¦ . -
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store, US Geary st. Nat Raphael.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Marriage paper containing hundreds of "per-
sonal" advs. of marriageable people, many
rich, mail free. J. W. Gunnel?. Toledo, Ohio.
PARTIES giving us Information of my son. 'c.
E. KOHL, shall be amply rewarded. JOHN
KOHL, Jefferson. Wis. . ¦
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave; send
dime and birthday. J. MYERS, 105 Lincoln
, Park Station, Chicago.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.3.12 O'Farrell; send for circular.
HEALTHY brunette boy & girl baby for adopt-
lon. Emilie Funke. 1416 8th st., Alameda.
MME. LAURME'S sure. cure for dandruff and
falling hair; con, free. 1007 Vj; Mkt.; parlor 1.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. ItAY, 457 Minna st.
FREE trial Dixon's Superfluous Hair Remover.
, 708 Polk st.. near Eddy; phone Polk 8522.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 763
Valencia st., corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; lQc; ladles free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1110 Sutter st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs-rSuperfluous hair, moles destroyed
t by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel.Larkln 8171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. SUNN, 1002& Dolores st.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Ferahtand, 126 Kearny tt.V rm. 29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
ft moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders: GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
• cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 CO; dress pants, $2 60.
' Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
fornla st. |
CHEAP stock ranch and general farm. 301
acres, at $10 per acre; 7 miles from large
town; Alamctla County, on county road; 100
acres farming: no waste land: fenced; house,
barn. etc. ; abundance spring water; school
i • 1! miles; this Is a bargain for some one. H.
H. CRANE, o08 California st.
SO ACRES. Jackson County. Oregon; fine ap-
ple or early vegetable land; fair house; well
nnd creek: 8 miles from railroad and 2 from
Sams Valley postoffice and school; clear;
$700, or trade for Oakland property.
' Paso Robles, lot 300 by 180: clear; $125, cr
trade. H. G. WHITTLE,
131 San Pablo, Oakland, Cai.
COO ACRES near this city; adapted for stock
•z nouses: reni *-»i. «_«.«•
$SCO0 — Leavenworth. near Union; 25x112:0;
3 new flats; rents $19. ,-;'';
$.4-50 Mason, near Sacramento; flats; rents
$4500 — Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp: 80x65;
2 houses: rents $31. •_.-_- ,_
|4250 Fell, near Devlsadero; 23x137:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
California, near Webster; 3 lots; each 25x
"$9500 — Corner Buchanan and Pine; 55xSl:3.
$SCOO — Green, near Polk: 60x115.
$5500— Greenwich, rear Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5250 — Corner Jack3on and Locust; 37:6x
102:8%.
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement st.; 200x
120.
$4000 — Corner Jones and Filbert sts.: 25x70.
j and general farming; flne residence and out-
buildings; some fruits and vines; running
> water and springs; beautiful natural trees;
! splendid climate; flne roads: an Ideal and
productive California home; price $10,500;
might take part exchange. H. H. CRANE,
608 California^ st.
i COUNTRY HOMES.
Send for our new catalogue of country
i homes; fruit, grape, stock or chicken ranches;
1 in the banner county of California; no lrriga-
I tion; no failure of crops for the last 50
years. W. D. REYNOLDS. 220 Hinton ave..
Santa Rosa. Cal. • .
KOK SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Fmall tracts, $t!0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Sen Francisco is growing rapidly; location
hest for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. S02 California St., for pam-
l l;>ts and Information.
$1000— NICE home at Corralitos, 7 miles from
Watsonvllle: good house of 7 rooms; also 4-
room cottage: large barn: 2'4 acres with as-
sortment ot very choice fruit trees; ideal
home as clirr.nte and quality of land Is finest
In State. Address box 3421, Call office.
FOR sale on account of departure — Good pay-
ing milk ranch: good private route: 15 cows.
0 heifers, 100 chickens, 2 horses. 20 pigs. 60
acres of land; all farming implements. In-
quire at Oakville Wine Co.. SW. cor. Folsom
and Army rts. . . ¦ . .
ELMHURST. - ¦ •.'
$50— Beautiful Alvtn Tract lots, fronting the
R. R. station; rich soil; flne climate: suburb
of Oakland : *1 down - and $1 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAK, 117 Sutter st. .
A COMPLETE LIST, up to date, of nearly
everything, for sale In Sonoma County; from
the most reliable correspondents: come to
headouarterK for your pointers.. E. N. EM-
' MONS & SON. 11 Montgomery st.
POINT RICHMOND! — Beautiful acre lots lu
Richmond Addition: a limited number, and
the only acre lots near Richmond; prices
low; terms reasonable. See J. II. MAC-
DON ALD & CO., 1052 Broadway, Oakland.
THAT FINE NAPA : RANCH isn't sold yet:
hotter than a srold mine; $39. BOO: worth
over twice that; don't wait. E. N. EM-
. MONS & SON. 11 Montgomery st.
jsoo — A SNAP; 165 acres in Lake Co.: house,
barn, etc.; 400 fruit trees: abundance of
,' wood and water. C. F. MOORE. 035 Market
. . st.. room. C. .¦ - ' .
FRUIT orchard, 34 acres; 26 acres bearing;
close to Winters; make offer. H. C. DECK-
ER. 1020 Market St. /
AT bargain. 4% acres 1 mile below San Ma-
teo: ¦ level, -rich soil; some I Improvements;
. .• good : water; mild cllm»te. Owner, «34 Mkt.
AT Kenwood. Sonoma Valley, 1 to 15 acra
tract 'on Sonoma Creek; finest land; easy
terms. . J. T. PETERS. 11. Montgomery st.
PROFITABLH orange, lemon, peach and prune
.lands to s«U: right locality: big ironey; easy
.; payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st. .
POULTRY and dairy ranches all ¦ kinds : send
f stamp for free list. C. R. Winneld. Petaluma.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The. Weekly Call.
•18 pages. In wrapper for mailing, fl per year.
$3500 — Fulton at., near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
Point Lobos, near 22d ave.; 53:4x100.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 43:6x100.
$3000 — Clay, near Lyon: 27:6x100: key lot.
$2150 — Union st.. near Webster; 34:4%xl37:6.
$2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; Sl:8xll4.
$1250 each — Polk St., near Chestnut; 3 lots,
27:exS7:6.
$1000 — Sanchez, near Eighteenth: 25x105.
¦ $85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots, $200 to $4C0; terms easy; electric
road passes.
GEO. A. RAYMOND. Mills bldg.
$10.000 — N. side Sutter St.; 2 flats; lot 27:3.x
137:6.
$9,000— South San Francisco: 2 stores and 11
flats: flats alone bring $1020 per an-
num; building in first-class order; a
bank bargain.
$3,750 — Lovely home; College Heights, south
of Park; just finished; 6 rooms; every-
thins up-to-date.
$4,000— Artistic home; Colleee Heights; lust'
completed: S rooms; beautifully shel-
tered.
?S5,000 down to $S00; a large list of flne
properties In Sausalito. Larkspur,
Ross. San Anselmo and £an Rafael;
all an the line of the new north shore
electric R. R. (lately the N. P. C.
R. R.' narrow gauge); immense de-
velopments and ImDrovements to be
commenced at once and hastened to
completion; a great awakenlns In
sight; Inquiries already begun; this Is
bound to be the favorite suburban dis-
trict; get in before the rise In prices,
which is certain to begin forthwith;
do not lose the opportunity by waiting
too long: I have made a specialty of
these properties for some years and
am fully equipped to suit all require-
ments.
GEO. A. RAYMOND, Real Estate.
Room 0, 7th floor. Mills bldg.
WRIGHT ft EWELL,
Real Estate and Financial Agents.
Loans, Insurance. 310 Montgomery st.
$1SO,000— Ilichly improved corner Investment,
near Market st. ; Investment like this
scarce. .
$150,000 — A splendidly Improved high class In-
vestment near new Crocker Hotel:
leased and pays over 6 per cent net;
. i . . a rare buy.
$110,000— Lot containing over 24,000 • square
feet, near Mission and Second sts. ;
a magnificent site.
$60.000 — Mission St.. size 15:10x137:0 ft.; close
to Southern Pacific facilities; pays
over U per cent net.
$50,000 — Splendid piece «f income property
near Grant and Market sts.; this
is very high class.
$45.000 — A corner on Larkln st.: leased and
paying over 7 per cent net.
$36.000 — Sutter-st. Investment: full depth lot;
•Improved and well rented.
$65,000 — Prominent corner on Sutter st, near
Kearny; leased and pays well.
NORTH side McAllister. 25x137:6, near Baker;
cheap.
. N. aide Frederick, nr. Ashbury; £0x118:9.
N"W. corner Haigrht ana Fillmore ; 15Ox
137:«: transfer corner.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery.
MUST sell — At & sacrifice, on account of de-
¦- parture. a new 5- room cottage, bath, mantel.
. j HI Montcalm st., near Isabella; Investigate.
W liiaUiais m UUUDOi AUfc £it-'\j. \^ DtrS
residence section of Mission warm
belt.
$3,000 — Bush st., near Lyon: cottage of 5
rooms and bath: also basement; lot 23
feet front by good depth.
$5,000 — Sanchez St., close to Duboce Parkl
lot 25x125, with two-story bay-window;
house of 9 rooms and bath.
$2,C00— $500 cash. $20 monthly; Clipper St.,
near Castro; bay-window house of T
rooms and bath; lot 25x114: this Is s>
very cheap pieca of property.
$3,000 — Splendid business corner on Howard
St.; rents $70; store and fiats; extra
large lot.
$1,500 each — Carl st. near Cole; 23x113:
cheapest lots In Panhandle district. '
$13,250 — Rents $120; three handsome flats. T
and 8 rooms each; key lot 25x125*
splendid neighborhood: east of Vaa
Ness ave.; best buy on Market.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery it.
SANTA Fe" TRACT, "
POINT RICHMOND*.
Terminus of Great Santa Fe Railroad.
Where. Ship and Ran Meet.
Where hundreds of men are now rmriTnjsJ
In railroad shoss, etc.
The coming manufacturing city or the Paciio
Coast.
Where the STANDARD OIL CO. Is erecttaff
refining plants at a cost of millions.
Where J. Plerpont Morgan has made im-
mense purchases for a great steel plants
Lots all level. Streets graded.
$125 up. $10 cash. $3 monthly.
McEWEN EROS.. US Montgomery st.
$10,000. -—""
Great' buy — On Vallejo. near Powell: rents)
$120 per month, which can be increased at
small cost; two lots and L In rear, 50x77:6; tho
owners are very anxious to sell and it r*n bs
bought cheap.
$700.
Cheapest lot in the Mission; Banchea. near
28th. close to the electric cars; street graded,
sewered and macadamized.
¦ $150.
Very cheap corner at Ocean View.
McEWEN BROS., 113 Montgomery st.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATEJ
23 Montgomery St., room 11.
Rents collected: full charge taken of property.
$2,500 — Very cheap property: lot 80x100: nea*
Sixteenth and Mission streets.
$2,273 — Great bargain: north side Clay, near
- Lyon; suitable for flats; 23x100.
$18.500 — Three very stylish, new sunny flats,
8 rooms; choice location:; rents $150.
140,000— Franklin-street corner: very roomy
house: car lines very accessible.
$3,900— Beautiful view; N.E. cor. TwentletS
and Collingwood; 50x100; flats or resi-
dence.
$12.500 — Three stylish new 7-room flats: Fage>
st.. near Baker: rents $120.
$6,830— Choice Pacific Heights: lot on Jack-
son it. near Octavia; 40:6x127:8.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
On Installments; Eleventh ave.. H and I sts.,
near entrance Park music stand; cap*- pass
property. . \
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 20 Montgomery, room
11, Branch office. Sunset 1215 Ninth ave.
FOR sale — 20th St.. bet. Eureka and Diamond,
beautiful home. 6 rooms, bath, flne basement,
every modern Improvement: will -be ftnlshcct
In a few days; see ths splendid location of
property and beautiful home offered for small
price. DAVID COXDON, owner and builder.
$200— BARGAIN: lot 27th ave.. 125 ft. from K
St.. Sunset District. Owner. 2973 Pine st.
LOT on Langton St.. near Harrison. 25xS0. at
a bargain. DONNELLY CO.. 633 Market.
For Additional Classified Advertises
ments See Page Thirty-Potir.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANTTARY^ 26; 1902.
34
n_A_ ESTATE — CITT-— JTOR *A__.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY 1 ."..January 28. 1902
At our salesroom. No. 03S Market st,
et 12 o'clock noon.
IIARRISON-ST. INVESTMENT.
rCorthxreet corner <1122 and 1124) Harrison
and <136-1SC>4) L&ngton sts.; 2 ctores and bake
oven; S flats and a house of 11 rooms and
Kith: all in splendid condition and always
rrntcd; r*y* ?— $2 per annum; this Is a gllt-
tilsre Investment which i>ays big Interest ana
w:u euscly increase In value; lot MxSO feet
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Northeast corner of Noe and Liberty sts.;
Funny corner lot close to Castro-st. earn In
a <_B_e residence district; corner lot 50x10*
Icet.
MADISOX-AVK. INVESTMENT.
Fouthwest Fide <.Xc. 15) Madison ave., 275
lcet southeast of Harrison *t.; 2 well built
flats of S rooms euch, renting for 513 per
zuunta; lot _2:0xS0 ie«t
EIGHTH-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
Northeast side of Eighth bl.. 105 feet north-
went of Bantam; a line lot suitable for store
and flats: let I\>x65 feet.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8 ALB.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
218-220 Montgomery st
Prloe $20.000 — Two-story and basement resi-
dence; north Ride of street Presidio
Heights District: lot 85x127:8*4 feet.
Main flooi" — Living room in cedar and
red, open wood fireplace, large square
hftU with coat closet,, finished in natu-
ral redwood, with leaded glass win-
dows, clnlng-room in natural redwood
with large plate class window (over-
looking the Presidio), open wood fire-
place, 2 dressers, butler's pantry, large
jiontry, rear hall and stairs. Second
floor^ — Contains 4 bedrooms and 2 bath-
rooms, linen closet broom closet and
6 ciothes closets. Attic floor — Con-
tains 4 bedrooms and 1 bath, 3 eaves
closets, 4 clothes closets. Basement —
Contains stoic-room?, furnace etc.;
laundry, wlneroom find front base-
ment for wood; Chinaman's rooms.
House lighted by electricity; planned
and built under the supervision of
Architect Frank S. Van Trees; In-
terior finish and decoration by KeeCe;
unobstructed view of Presidio, bay
and Marin County hills.
$12,000 — Polk-st. corner with improvements:
Etore, flats and two houses; rents
S73: let 47:6x100 feet.
REAL ESTATE — CITT— FOR SALE.
i - - ¦ - . ¦ * ' ¦ — _
HAWKS & EKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$8000 — Scott st. near Union; fine bay view;
modern, 8 rooms and attic : Scott Bt. improving
fast from Pacific ave. northward.
$6250 — Octavia at, near Broadway; modern
house, 8 rooms; fine bay view; good neighbor-
hood.
$11,500— Geary st. Investment, near Gctavia;
large lot: improved; rented low, $936 per an-
num; lot worth the price; choice location for
modern flats.
$ll,C00— New flats; Broderick, near Grove; 6,
0, 7 rooms; rents $1175 per annum.
$6000 — Valencia-st Investment : two house*, T
rooms each; rents ?45 per month; cheap.
$4000 — Lot north side Pace st., west of Ba-
ker;; 30x137:6; overlooking- Park; choice for
flats.
$3100 — Lot on south side of Chestnut St., west
of Hyde: 27:0x110; fine view of bay.
• $3000— Lot in Potrero; cor. Vermont and 18th;
110x100; street grraded and sewered. ;
$2+00 — Lot .Fourth ave., near Point Lobos; 50
xI20; street sewered, macadamized; will di-
vide; make offer.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
A SACRIFICE— Neat cottase. 4 rooms, $1050:
terms same br paying- rent. Apply corner
Alabama and Montcalm sts.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
Southwest corner of McAllister rt. and
Farter ave.; handsome lot ready for bulld-
lr*ir in a rapidly growing neighborhood: over-
•.'jokUip the Golden Gate Park: a desirable lot
tor t builder „ erect flats on; lot C2:bi4xlOO.
EOCTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest side (Nos. <124 and 120) Juniper
st. 250 tset southeast of Harrison; 4 well
built flat* of £ rooms each; rents $40 per
month; these flats are always rented and are a
ee.it, sure Investment; lot 25xS5.
MISSIOX-ST. PROPERTY.
East nide of Mission St.. 100 feet south of
West ave.; etore and lot 50x100 feet; rents
$12 per month; also lot adjoining. 25x100 feet;
street bituminized and electric cars pass the
doors.
BEBNAL HEIGHTS UNIMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
East side of Cherubusco ave.. 50 feet south
of Coso Bt.; 2 lots 25x70 feet each; east side
of Cherubusco ave.. 425 feet south of Esmer-
fclda st; 2 lots 25x70 feet each, and west side
of North ave.. 1C5 feet 60Uth of Esmeralda
ave. These lots are only 2 blocks from the
Mission and Valencia-st. cars.
?7,500 — Leavenworth «t.. near Broadway; 4
2-story houses In rood condition; rents
$54; lot 80x60 feet.
$8.000 — Octavia st. near Golden Gate ave.:
fine house 8 rooms; extra lot 50x107:0
feet
$4,500 — Green st, north line, near Devisadero;
34x137:6 feet; a choice bargain; ma-
rine view.
$3,000 — The cheapest and best building lot In
the Western Addition; north side Clay
St., near Lyon; 27:6x100 feet.
$6,000— Sacramento st. near Steiner; a bar-
gain; bay-window residence £ rooms
and bath; tunny side; lot 25x128 feet
$12,500 — Income property; close to water front;
rents f07 50; pays 8 per cent net.
$6,000 — Californla-st. residence of 10 rooms
and bath; rents $50; tenant pays
water; lot 24x100 feet.
$9,250 — Northwest corner Sacramento st;
flats 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
latest In every way: lot S7:6xa7 feet;
rents ?75.
$2,000 each — Capp st, near Sixteenth; 2 lots.
25x105 feet each.
$12,500 — Grove et.. near Larklnr, lot 30x120,
with fine building of store and 'I up-
per floors; rents $45; 1 block from
City Hall.
$2250 — FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and .bath
and finished basement; on sunny side street.
310 JerEey st., near Noe. - - •
TO rent or. lease — 50-vara lot: filled and fenced:
south line of Jefferson, 137:6 west from
Mason. . Box 8451, Call office. • .
FOR sale — Double house, 16 rooms and bath,
at !>70 Pine St.
FOR sale — S-room house, with garden and
stone walks. 1919 Oak st. facing Park.
REAL —STATE TO EXCHAXGE.
FOR exchange — Some gilt-edged . stock In n
solid corporation which will bear the closest
investigation, for a clear home.; price not to
exceed $5000 and not less than $2000; this Is
not oil or mining stock, but In a fine going j
factory; property must be In Oakland., Ala-
meda or Berkeley. Call evenings, at 805
Eleventh st., Oakland, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
POTREP.O-AVS. LOTS.
TVert side of Potrero ave.. 250 feet north of
Helena «t.; lots 91. B2L 83. 94. 95, Silver Ter-
race Homestead; fine lots; only 1 block from
electric cars; 25x100 each.
OCEAN VIEW LOTS.
Southeast corner Mission read and Oliver
ct: 8 level lots ready for building; only 3
minutes' walk from the electric cars and
Ocean View station; will be sold as a whole or
In subdivisions; lot 128x00 feet.
EASTON. CLDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market et
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
C38 Market Street
SIXTH-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$12,000— Lot «0xl65 feet on Sixth St.. through
to Morrif ave. ; 4 flats on Morris ave. ;
rent for $3S per month.
FIFTH-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$4,500 — Fifth 6t.. near Folsom; lot 25x100 feet;
Improvements nominal; rent $18 per
month.
MAGNIFICENT SACRAMENTO-ST. FLATS.
$30.250 — Six new modern up-to-date flats of
7-8 rooms and bath each; renting for
$3C00 per annum; will be finished In
15 days; tenants required to take 1
year lease; lot 51:6x132:7 feet.
DOWNTOWN MODERN FLATS.
$15,000 — Three elegant flats of 7-7-7 rooms and
bath each; Bush et.. near Mason; rent-
ins for $1740 per annum.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS MANSION.
$15,000 — New modern sunny residence of 14
rooms, 2 porcelain baths; inlaid floore;
magnificent reception hall; best of
mantels, etc; marine view; choice
neighborhood; key lot. 30x107 :C feet.
NEW MISSION FLATS.
$S,000 — Three flats of 5-5-G rooms and bath
each; now rented for $7S per month;
will be finished In 2 weeks; on Fol-
Eom-st. boulevard.
GROVE-ST. FLATS.
$7.000— Make offer; 2 modern flats on north side
of street; renting for $55 per month;
light and sunny: lot 25x137:0 feet
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
$0,000— Two modern fiats of 5-6 rooms and
$11,500 — Post St., sunny side, near Larkln; sub-
stantial 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath; rent *6o; lot 24:6x120 teet to
rear street
$2,950 — No. 3G49 Twenty-first st.. near Church;
modern artistic cottage cf 7 rooms
and bath; laree lot, 50 feet front by
114 feet; grand view of the city; a
positive barcaln; must be sold.
$6,000 — DevUadero-Ft. fiats, near Ellis: pres-
ent rents $40; could be largely in-
creased If a little money was spent on
the building: lot 25x<J0 feet; lot alone
worth price asked for the property.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
213-220 Montgomery st. Mills bids.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
REAL KSTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected. Houses Rented and Full
Charge Tjv«n of Property.
624 Market et
$45,000 — Choice notti containing 65 rooms and
baths, stores below, on SE. corner en Cali-
I fornia st. near Larkin; let 70x87:0 ft.; rent
$300 per month.
$26 000 — Mission St., near First; lot 22x100
ft, with building; rent $75 per month. _¦
$21,000— Lot and improvements en Taylor
st, close to Geary; two 12-room houses rent-
Ing for $120 per month; size of lot 40x105 feet.
$15,500 — Three new flats on the north line of
Ellis ut.. near Gough, containing 7 -and 8
rooms and bath each; lot 27:CxS7:6 ft.; rents
$130 per month.
$14,500— Three elegant flats on Octavia st,
near O'Farrell. containing 7 and 8 rooms and
bath each; rent $117 50 per month; lot 25xS_:tf
feet.
(14,000 — Three modern flats on west line of
Hyde et.. close to Gear}', containing 7 rooms
and bath each; rents $105 per month; lot 23x
'$11.000— Eddy St.. near Laguna, 2 modern
flats and 2 rear houses; lot 25:9x120 ft. through
to rear street; rent $78 50 per month.
$10,000 — Two new fiats on Devisadero St.,
near McAllister, containing 7 and S rooms and
bath^ct 25x100 ft; rents $70 per month.
$10,000 — Three new flats on Broderick st,
near Hayes, containing 6. 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100 feet; rents $97 50 per month.
$10 000 — Lot and improvements on Third st.,
near Bryant; lot 25*72 ft.; rent $52 50 per
month.
ALAJ1EDA HEAL ESTATE."
BARGAINS IN ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$10CU buys 2 llau 4 rooms each; brings in ,
J erood income. , '.
i $1000 buys (S-room 2-story house; nice lot. |
$1MX) buys a snap; 2 houses and lots; brings j
$17 per month. i
$16N) buys ti rooms and bath; lot 25x140; i
must be sold. I
" ?_C0 Duys new cottage; corner lot; choice lo- -.
cation. i
3"400 buys 7-room cottage; lot 50x150; a bar- !
gain.
$2000 buys 6-room 2-story house; lot 42x125; j
nearly new. j
$2C00 buys 5-room cottage and bath; lot 70x i
125; Central ave.; foreclosure. ¦
$^S00 buys lovely modern 6-room cottage; I
large lot; a snap I
$2500 buys 5-room Colonial cottage; lot 25x •
150; Mortou-st. station. i
• $3250 buys S-room and bath house; lot 40x207; I
fine ¦ carriage house and windmill. j
$3600 buys 9-room and bath; lot 35x140;.-
owner goinc East; must be sold. I
•5&3OO buys elegant 8 rooms and bath; corner j
lot; Ideal location. i
$3C00 buys 7 rooms and bath; lot 50x150; |
Morton-st. station. ]
This week we offer the greatest bargains in |
Alameda. j
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. :
1500 Park st., Alameda. I
Park and Santa Clara ave. Office open Sun-
days and evenings.
$1900 — LOT 50:cl25; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; fine avenue; etu=y terms I
$2100 — Lot 50x140; «$ rooms and bath; near sta-
tion; fine neighborhood; quarter rash,
balance to suit.
$2500 — Lot 38:3x150; nearly new, modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath: Pacific ave.,
near Willow st. ; $250 cash, balance $20
Der month.
$2900 — Lot 40x175, with modern, new cottage,
7 rooms and bath; fine location; near
echool and station; $r>00 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3300 — Lot 44x175; new 2-story house of 8
rooms and bath; everything complete;
electricity, eas, fine plumbing; fine
porch; greatest bargain; on the install-
ment plan.
$5500 — Lot 100x150, with fine house of 8 rooms
and bath; lovely garden; fine orchard:
stable and barn; near station; great
chance to buy a fine home on acccunt
of departure.
-RuclnpRii nrnnprtv rm T>nrTr «t
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nr.itKici.y.Y he ai, " estate.
ONLY $2000— Fine, well *uilt house of 6 rooms ¦
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500) ; good-sized lot
on the sunny side of 'street; street work all
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
SON. real estate. Berkeley station.
$2000 — HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern:
one block from station: lot 60x110; terms to
suit; Interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J SNYDER. 4C7 Ninth st,
or branch office. Adeline station. Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. '
AN uncarelleled opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 street earn and public echool: furnished cot-
tage of G rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
con cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit ,
orchard: 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S.v F.; rent ?35 a month; pries
$4O(iO. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building,
or H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
LOT, 45 feet front; close to electric road; large
discount cash. Box 3555. Call. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 3118 BhoADWAY.
OAlvLAXI) REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4U0 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
$22.C00— Palatial home; grandly situated;
possessing advantages of near remoteness and
accessible seclusion: only 1 year constructed.
$L'U,000 — Completely furnished; magniiicent, !
stately mansion; constructed and furnished
less than 2 years; absolutely everything goes
on account of departure.
$12,Mu — Cost $^5,000; fine suburban home,
10 rooms, modern and complete, between Oak-
land and Berkeley; 5 acres choice fruit and
shrubs; land alone worth more and has fine
future.
$10,000 — Linda Vista; corner 12-room resi-
dence; one of the choicest in this magnificent
locality. .
$0500 — Vernon Heights; choicest locality; 8
rooms; French plate glass front; extra interior
finish ; stable.
$in00-*-ElfKant new colonial home; 9 rooms;
porcelain bath; open nickel plumbing; electric 1
lights;- $150 pombinat'.on ¦ fixtures; open fire- j
place; fine barn; let 50x120; rents $35; fine j
homes adjoining; near Grove st '
$4000— Up-to-date 9-room residence; sunny
corner: Grove St.; rents $35. ¦ J
$2500 — Modern home, 7 rooms; extra finish.
curled redwood; nice mantel; lot 33x120; Grova I
and 35th sts. ; easy terms. I
A sacrifice on 2 new 8-room, choice, modern j
homes; central location; each has flat loan of
$.1000 and $;{500; no reasonable offer refused
for equity If sold at once; see us; will ar-
range terms.
$'-'50 cash— Near Twenty-seventh and Tele-
graph; new up-to-date C-room; 40-foot lot;
price only $l!$50. • .
$1850— Flat mortgage $1400; neat cottage;
bay window; "5 rooms; near Clinton station;
cheap. i
$4230 — Rents $440 per annum; business cor- I
ner; improved; 2 blocks Broadway; this is a !
bargain; closing estate. I
$lo00— $300 cash, balance monthly; Thirty- I
eighth st. near Telegraph ave.; new modern !
1% -story cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 37x I
100; Etreet work complete:' mantel, x j
$1400 — Alice St.; neat cottage of 4 rooms and '
bath; patent toilet; naar Seventh st. ; porcelain •
sink; 8-foot basement; lot 25x75. •
$13«"iO— $250 cash, balance $15 a month; 2Cth i
st, near Grove; 3 cottages, 5 rooms and bath
each: first come, first choice.
$1250 — Magnolia St., near Thirty-fourth;
modern lVi-story house of 0 rooms; near cars, ,
station and proposed new ferry. ¦ ¦ [
$1000— Modern cottage, 4 rooms, basement; '
brick foundation; large lot; near cars, station
and proposed new ferry; newly painted and •
papered. ..... I
$1250 — Snap: completely furnished IVi-story
5-room and bath cottage: terraced lot 25x140;
good order; mortgage $700.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4U0 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
wnnnwipn WATsnv *. r<r\ ¦ .
OAKLAND aADYERYISEMENTS.
.¦'OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. •
' ' '.' E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
:. $1750— Fine 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; barn, chicken houses, etc.; renting for
$18 per month; 2 blocks from Clinton station;
lot 60x150 feet; can borrow $1200; thle is a
snap; property cost $3000.
$2C00— $600 cash; cozy cottage of 6 rooms
and!. bath;, lot 30x130 feet; situate on the
west, side of Chestnut st, near Fourteenth;
bank 'mortgage of $2000 can remain.
per foot; a bargain; lot 71:8x100 feet;
' elegant corner for flats; street work all done;
cement walks laid; finest residence neighbor-
hood; short distance from depot; eurround-
ing property held at $50 to $60 per foot
•"• $3750— Brand new home; modern In every
[ respect; 8 large rooms and bath; lot 40 feet;
south frontage; near Telegraph ave.; within
easy walking distance of narrow gauge
trains; fine neighborhood; first-class location;
all street wofk complete.
$2750 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; brick
foundation; within easy walking distance of
center of town; rents for $27 per month; lot
65x150 - feet running from one street to an-
other; fine barn; fruit trees; chlcksn- houses;
cement sidewalks; street work complete; re-
duced from $3500.
,$200 per foot; lot 50x100; center of town. 1
block from Broadway; north side of street;
' property in same block sold as high as $1000
per foot; this Is a snap.
: V E. J. STEWART & CO.,
•.-.-•-¦- 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
'Seven new modern, cozy, complete homes
of 5. 6,-7 and 8 rooms each, with latest style
plumbing, tinting, etc., all pretty and com-
plete; lots 40 feet front (or more If desired)
. with elevated, eloping lawns; stone walks
and street work complete; terms. $250 down
and monthly payments of $25 and upward;
located ¦ en Merrlmac (or Twenty-eighth)
street, between Telegraptrave. and Grove St.;
handy to school, churches and electric cars
and within walking distance of town; take
Telegraph ave. or Grove st electric car
direct to the property; salesman on the
ground to-day from 12 m. to 4 p. m.
. Look this up TO-DAY, or write to
E. J. STEWART & CO..
: . 100S Broadway. Oakland.
FOR Sale — 7-room cottage, modern, large lot,
trees, flowers, near Telegraph ave., Oakland,
$2<i00; 10- room dwelling, modern, central,
near streetcars and local trains. Oakland,
$5500. -: HEALY & CARR. C Eddy st.
$1000— ON easy terms; cottage of 5 rooms In
. good condition. 174't Filbert st..' near Twen-
ty-sixth ; handy to San Pablo ave. See owner
there to-day. ,
S. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAL— .
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHKLLHAAS, 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH ave., 615 — 3 rooms for housekeeping,
unfurnished; rent $7. Inquire 642 Grove st.
DIAMOND, S10 — 3 furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; rent $12.
EDDY, 039 — Parlor floor; 3 sunny unfurnished
rms. ; private residence; no children; phone.
ERIE, 5S, bet. 13th and 14th, Howard and Mis-
sion — 3 sunny rooms complete for houaekpg.
FIFTH, ."553 — 3 furnished housekeeping 2 beds,
$14; 8. $20; 2 beds, bath, also single. $4 to $5.
FOLSOM, 742A -Large room, housekeeping,
- with yard connection; cheap at $7 50 month;
clean olacc.
GEARY. 1012. near Van Ness ave. — Nicely
furnished front room and kitchen; use of tel.
HAYES, 528—2 sunny newly furnished rooms;
gas; bath; phone; call Monday.
HOWARD. 1003— Completely furnished bay-
window suite; range; electric lights.
HOWARD, 2381— Two large sunny well furn-
ishud rooms, $12 to couple.
HYDE, 412— Newly furnished front basement
suite: yard, laundry, $20; also large room $12.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 large rooms furnlshl
ed or unfurnished for housekeeping; upstairs.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Cntnrn.
SHIPLEY, 234 — Nicely furnished large front
room, $6 and $1; sunny; for lady or gentle-
man.
STOCKTON, 332^ — Nice sunny suites and single
. rooms; bath: phone. -
SUNNY furnished rooms In private family;
neighborhood Pine and Leavenworth; gentle-
men only. Box 3447. Call.
TURK, 130-^-Nlce furnished single room cheap.
TURK. 645— Single sunny room suitable f or
gentlemen; gas and bath; rent $5. .
WILLOW ave., 14, near Eddy— Large sunny
furnished front room; 2 men or man & wife.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tha Wee ' c l'
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United State* or Canada *ne year for $t.
ROOMS^A^IDJBOARD^
TEN guests at House-on-the-Hlll; high, healthy
living; 40-acre flower f»rm; magnificent
view; superb cl'.rr.ate; ideal place for rest
and comfort. Upper Fruitvale. Dlmond. Cal.
MEREDITH 218 Turk; sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; raoffj^'-
first-class board; reasonable; phone Soutn b_».
HOTEL Buena Vista— Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
St.: conservatories.
HANDSOMELY furnished front room with
board; use parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van Ness.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table: popular rates.
CALIFORNIA, 1304 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; good location; reasonable.
Irvlngdale, 626 Eddy— Double & single rooms.
suitable for students; good table; low rates.
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny rooms; excellent
board; one management; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
ROOMS ASP BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — By an American mechanic, room
and board (two meals): state price and loca-
tlon. Address B. B.. box 3438. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— By married couple, 1 child, 2 yrs.;
2 or 3 furnished rooms; running water, gas;
reasonable; permanent. Box 3434, Call office
LADY wishes 2 sunny unfurnished rooms; pri-
vate, quiet cheap; state terms. I* C, Sta-
tlon G. . '
YOUNG man wishes room In private family;
no other roomers. Box 3444, Call.
-MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ¦ . .
Charles E. Hatch, 26. 1033 Mission street,
and Ellen C. Gurley. 26, Hamilton. N. Y.
George Baker, 27, 727 Guerrero street,' and
Anna M. McMahon, 21, 617 Jones street.
Sebastlano Tomasello, 27, 732 & Green street,
and Vlr.cenza Negro. 23, 1B03 Dupont street
Sonnir Vendley. 23, 1416 Geary street, and
Ed3. Lindgreen, 22. 1118 Vallejo street.
Edgar P. Conde, 24. 1148 Sutter street, and
Elizabeth L. Matlck. 23. 711 Natoma street
William J. de Blois, 23. 409 Third street, and
Ella Morris, 18, 5 Morris avenue.
Antonio Fraguglle. 23, Concord, and Mary
M. Glnochlo. 19. Concord.
.Glacomo Capelonl. 23. 118 Third avenue, and
Aurella Moecone. 21, 118 Third avenue.
Edward A. Trimpler. 21. 3622 Twentieth
street, and Ida Castro. 20, 1S5 San Carlos ave.
Fred M. Sturgeon. 22, 1336 Market street
and May F. Smith. 22. 60 Shipley street
Henry Huber. 33. 43S Tehama street and
Jcsle Jeottroy, 23, Newman.
Frederick J. Travis. 2S. S10 Bush street, and
May Nyman. 28. 1010 Golden Gate avenue.
William J. McGraw. 23. 1315 Ellis street
and Florence D. Fredenburg. 10. 1315 EIUS st
Edward B. Parsons, 36. 2510A Sutter street
and Linda A. Lutticken. 23. 2117 I-arkln st
Edmund I. Tooker, 21, 1575 Ninth avenue,
and Belle A. Oarren, IS, Paso Robles.
Ixslle L. Wilson, 21, Oakland, and Mary
NuttJi-. 17, Colusa.
Ernest B. Parker. 21, Alr.raeda. and Lillian
Vincent, 19. 1000 Webster street
Hugh Driscoll. 27, 1300 Greenwich strest
and Maggie Shea. 27, 1900 Greenwich street
8 months and 21 days. A member of Court
Acme No. 51. F. of A.
E7Frtends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 26, 1902. at 1 o'clock, from ths
residence of his brother. 537 Stevenson street,
thence to St Patrick's Church, where ser-
vices will be held. A high requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at St Patrick's Church Monday. January 27.
1002. commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Inter*
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRIEDLANDER— In this city. January 24,
1002. Ernest, beloved husband of Jeanette.
and father of Abraham. Sisrraund and Her-
bert Friedlander, and brother of Herman
Friedlander and Mrs. Fanny Lyons of Ger-
many, a native of Germany, aged B8 years
11 months and 12 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances ar« respeet-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, January 27. 1302. at 10 o'clock, at
his late residence. 158 Central avenue, near
Page street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by the 11:3ft o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
FREDERICKS — In this city, January 24, 1902.
Jacob C, beloved husband of Katharine
Fredericks, father of Mrs. C. Barner and
Eda and Y'MIam Fredericks, and brother of
Peter. Am u Katharine. Fred and the lata
John and Winnie Fredericks, a native of
Helesroland. Germany, aged 53 years 2
months and 22 days. A member of Ivy
Lodge No. 1716. Knights of Honor. (Ari-
\ zona papers please, copy).
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1612 Steiner street, between Geary
and Post. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GALLEGOS— In this city. January 25. 1902.
Teresa Gallegos. a native of San Jose. Costa
Rica, aged 64 years 8 months and 5 days.
|E7Friends are respectfully . Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at' Notre Dam* des Vlc-
totrea Church. Bush street between Grant
avenue and Stockton street Interment
strictly private. Please omit flowers.
GANEY— In this city. January 24, 1902. Joha
Francis, beloved son of John and Bridget
Ganey, and brother of Kate, May. Will. Lou.
Ise and Harry Ganey, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years 6 months and 27 days.
A member of the Retail Shoe Clerks' Asso-
ciation. Local 410.
(_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from tha resi-
dence of his parents. 1316^4 Mission street,
thence to St Joseph'* Church for service*
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GRAY — In Virginia City, Ner., January 24.
1902, Mrs. Catherine Gray, beloved wife of
William Gray, and sister of Mrs. M. Ball of
Oakland. Alameda County, CaL, a nativa of
Ireland, aged 64 years and 7 months.
GRIFFIN — In this city. January 23. 1902.
Mary A., widow of the lat» John Grlffln.
mother of Alice Griffin and Mrm. Kat»
O'Brien, grandmother of Sadie and Willis
Powers, and sister of Eliza Jane Sullivan
and Mrs. C. F. Gerard of Algiers. New Or-
leans, a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged
72 years.
ETFriends and acquaintance* ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HALEY — In this city, January 24, 1902, at her
residence, 1610 Leavenworth street Hannah,
beloved mother of Michael E. and Anna T.
Haley. Mrs. John F. Parrotte, Mrs. Myers J.
Conway and the late J M. Haley, a nativa
of County WIcklow. Ireland.
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services at St. Brigid's
Church, Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
Monday, January 27. at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private.
JOHNSON — In this city. January 25. 1902.
Alfred R.. beloved son of Charles P. and
Delia Johnson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months.
JOHNSON— In this city, January 24, 1902.
George Johnson, a native of Athena, Greece,
aged 30 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 26, 1902. from the mortuary chapel
of the Golden Gata Undertaking Company.
24S3 Mis-Ion street near Twenty-first, at 2
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KELLY — In this city. January 25. 1902, at his
residence. 50 Tehama street, Patrick J.. be-
loved husband of Mary Kelly, a native of
County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 56 years.
E?" Not lea of funeral hereafter.
KRISKE— In this city. January 24, .1902.
Ernst L. Kriske, dearly beloved husband r.f
Bertha Krlake. father of Amelia and Wil-
liam Krlake. and brother of Mrs. W.
Scheefer and John and Paul Krtske, a na-
tive of Germany.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 142 Tremont avenue, thence to Teu-
tonla Hall. 1322 Howard street, where ser-
¦ vices will ba held under the auspices of tho
t>atn en ueiveaere si.; renting lor *t*su
per annum; lot £5x121:10.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
$5,750— An elegant 8-room cottage modern and
up-to-date in every detail: key lot
27:6x100.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$4,000— Five flats; rents $640 per annum; new
brick foundation and buildings in good
condition; near Fifth st.; lot 2b'xS0
feet.
FINE WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$9,500 — A fine northwest corner on Franklin
etreet; lot 45x110:4 feet
$3,750— Sacramento et., near Flllmore; key
lot 25x132:7.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$3,000— Lot on northeast corner Twenty-ninth
et and San Jose ave.; 2 car lines;
lot 2C:8-ixll7 feet
$2.500— A fine lot on the north side of Waller
ct.. near Central ave.; 20x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
McAFEE BROS., 108 MONTGOMERY ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
In the Panhandle; two new flats. Just being
finished: well located: rent $70; price $6750.
McAllister street.
Lot on McAllister St.. near Devisadero;
27:0x137:6; price *:i250; fine for flats.
SHIPLEY STREET.
Lot with old buildln? on Shipley st, near
Fifth; only S145U
ON VALLEJO STREET.
Vallejo st_. between Webster and Buchanan;
splendid modern home, almost new; 9 rooms,
bath and basement; commands a beautiful
marine view; price $13,500..
SCOTT STREET.
Lot on Scott St.. between McAllister and
Fulton; 25x106:3; price $2750.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Send for our plats of Richmond lots; sold on
terms If desired. Lot on California et, near
Second ave.. 25x100; only $S00.
LOTS ON SIXTH AVENUE.
North of Lake st. 25x120: $600 each.
MODERN HOUSE.
On Vallejo st.. near Buchanan; Just put into
first-class shape: fine tunny lot and marine
view; 7 rooms and basement; price $8000.
Near the new Chutee, on Eighth ave.; lot
26:2x120; price $1000.
VALLEJO-STREET LOT.
On Vallejo St.. near Baker: marine view; lot
C9:10xl37:C; a bargain; price only $3500.
FINE FOR FLATS.
Looking Into the Park Panhandle; a fine lot
on Fell at, 25x137:6; price $3750.
VERY CHEAP.
Two lots on Twentieth et.. between Church
and Sanchez; sunny side; 25x114 each; only
$800 each.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Hoafe of 10 rooms; on Green st.. near Octa-
vla; lot 26x137:6; rented for $45 monthly; price
$4500.
MISSION FLATS.
Two fiats of 4 and 5 rooms: on Twenty-first
et.; lot 25x100; rents $28; price $3300.
CAPP ST..
Between Eighteenth and Nineteenth; 8 rooms
and bath; lot 30x122:6; price $4000.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and'
Iota.
McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery si. Ban Francisco.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Our many bales prove it
$100 to $450 — Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lots; a. nest-egg for Investors; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900— Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
cf them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch of flee. Ninth ave., nr. H st
$400 to $800 — Superb Richmond lots; $10
monthly*
' f 100 to $250— Level building lots, near Mis-
Blon-st cars; 60 per cent less than actual
valae; $5 monthly.
$1000, $1350 to $2000— Splendid cottages-
choice locations; aU bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
A SPECIAL BUT — FOR SALE BY
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
. $i 22?T£ v 2 t . a 5 UsUc and^co^fort^We^ome
In Presidio Heights. Two stories and base-
went, having 10 rooms and 2 baths. Built 2
years. Lower floor bas reception room and re-
ception hall, libary. dining-room and kitchen.
Sideboard and china closet built In the house
Four mantels and 4 washstands. Heater
throughout house; electric lights and gas This
house has epace on north and south sides there-
fore affording light, sun and air on three sides
and light and air on one side. Artificial stone
-sidewalk laid. Sutro electric cars 1% blocks
away; cable cars on Sacramento st. being
changed to electric line. Permit to Inspect at
our office.
FOR sale — Easy Installments: new bay-window
cottage: Mississippi, near 25th. Apply LYON
tc HOAG, 114 Montgomery et
$1500—4 R. and bath; near Folsom Bt. THE
' MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market et.
t2500— INVESTMENT pays $18 net rent Mr
month. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market
$S0<»0— Three choice nats on jausn St.. near
Scott; containing 0 and 7 rooms and bath each;
rents $60 per month; lot 27:_137:0 feet.
$70u0 Modern residence on east side of
Lyon Et near Page, containing 9 rooms and
bath: rented at present for $52 per month;
lot 25x100 ft.
?B75O— Pierce st. near HalKht: 2 modern
flats of C and 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x100:3;
rents $55 per month.
$0500 — Two nice flats on Green St., near
Webster, containing «J and 7 rooms and bath
each; lot 26:9x137:6; rents $55 per month.
S0000 — Sutter St., near Buchanan; residence
containing 8 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x137:6 ft
$0000 — Up-to-date residence on the north line
of Sacramento st, near Cherry, containing 8
rooms and bath, large attic, porcelain tubs and
sink, first-class plumbing; natural wood man-
tels; can be had on easy payments If desired;
lot 23x117.
$5750— Lot on Baker st., near Sacramento;
6lze 55x82:0 feet; choice location for flats.
$4S00 — Two flats on Webster Et., close lo
Sutter; lot 27:6x93 ft; rents $34 per month.
jjSOOO — A fine building lot on the north line
of Clay St., near Spruce; size 27:6xl27:b I / i ft.
$3000 — Cottage on Prosper St.. near Sixteenth,
containing 5 rooms and bath; lot 25xS0 ft.;
rented at present for $18 per month.
$3000 — Lot on the north line of California
st. near Baker; lot 25x127:8% ft.
«-»500 NE. cor. Seventeenth st., near San-
chez: lot 25x91:6; this is a choice location for
fiats.
$2250 — Lots on Jackson et., overlooking Pre-
sidio reservation: etreet bltumlnized; lots nice
and level; sire 25x127:8% ft
jlOCO — Lots on Clay st.near Cherry.
Further particulars, of BOVEE, TOY &
EONXTAG.
MADISON & BURKE,
(Established January. 185S.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery st, opposite Lick
House.
Central location, within 200 ft. of Market St.,
on Hermann, bet. Valencia and Mission; 25xS5;
only $2750; street bituminized.
$3000 — Rents $41 per month; 22:11x80; Clara,
near Fifth.
. $<XXK) — NE. corner, on Van Ness ave., near
Sutter st: 4 flats; rents $41.50.
Market-st gore lot, Intersection of Ridley
st, 99 feet on Market; cheap buy; only $16,000.
Sacramento Et. — Two modern flats, near Fill-
more; lot 25x127; price $6800.
$9750 — Grove et, near Webster; 4 flats; rents
$72 per month; lot 33x82 :C.
$5500 — Flats on Pleasant st. near Taylor;
renting for $42 per month; this property is in
good order and is always rented.
$12,000 — Rents $1110 per annum; 0 good bay-
window flats and lot 39:6x97:6; inside property.
$9750 — Pays $864 per annum; 4 good flats and
large lot in good renting locality; Western Ad-
dition.
" $8500 — Pacific St., near Montgomery; brick
building; rents $60; lot 22:11x78:6.
$6000— Howard st, nr. Twenty-third: flats, 5
and 6 rooms and bath; rents $43; lot 27x35.
$5250 — Rents $600 per annum; Woodward
ave.. near Fifteenth and Valencia sts.; 4 flats;
lot 25x70. _
$5000 — San Jose ave.. near Twenty-ninth st.;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 36xSl.
$3800 — Very cheap corner: Church and Valley
sts. ; store and flats; rents $36; only $3800.
$3500 — Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores
st; rent $340 per year.
$5000— A nice sunny home; north line Bush
St.. near Devisadero; 7 rooms and bath; lot
$3500— Twenty-sixth Bt, near Castro; 2 flats;
rents $27; lot 25x114. '
$3400— Jones St., near Jackson; 2 flats; rents
$30 per month; 35x62:6. *
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st
near Eureka; modern, 6 rooms and bath* lot
25x75.
$1200— Cottage. 6 rooms; rents $12; lot 25x
%14; Twenty-ninth St.. near Sanchez.
,:..; MADISON & BURKE. "
30 Montgomery st
LOTS in the Heyman Tract from $300 upward
on easy installments; street sewered and
graded. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
FATHER. I visited the Heyman Tract on
Douglass and Twenty-third sts. and found
every one owning new pretty houses. There
Is no rent collector to t>e seen and their in-
stallments are the same as the rent which
•we have to pay for the old house which we
will never own. Go out and see the new
houses on Twenty-third and Alvarado now
being finished. Come In and make arrange-
ments. First come, first served. JACOB
• HEYMAN. 117 Sutter Et , A«-u±J
FOR SALE— As a whole or in subdivisions 60-
vara lot. south line Union Bt; 137:6 feet 'east
of Pierce. Lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.. 103:6x137:0 feet Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker
• 324 Montgomery et. -. . -,
$1250— MISSION cottage and lot THE Mc-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
Water front prorerty.
Choice lots cheap.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
... . H.. P. MOREAL & CO...
Phone South 87. • 1422 Park st..
* J Alameda,
?200 DOWN!!!
The balance can remain on flat loan; 4-
room cottase; a snap; only $1200 in all'.'.! ;
$300 DOWN
And ?20 per month buys a fine modern 5-
roora cottage: porcelain tub, etc.
Here is a chance to get a nice little home
at no greater expense than paying rent;
only ?1800.
?2400 — Fine 5-room cottage; lot 50x150; a
bargain.
$5000 — The swelleet home in this city:
finished in oak; 7 rooms; on one of the most
desirable residence corners.
Building lots all prices and in all parts
cf Alameda.
Open Sundays and evenings.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND. " •
2320 Santa Clara ave..
Alameda.
ALAMEDA Cottape; $1000; six rooms; large
" lot: easy payments. CIO Twelfth st., Oakland.
m>OJ«^ AXD IIOARD.
TWO elegant furnished rooms ror lady or gen-
tleman, with or without board; bath, phona
and piano. Inquire 132A Fourteenth at, S. F.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1000— NEAT 4-rcom cottage; good neighbor-
hood.
$1150 — Nice lot; paved street; good location;
with nice 5-room cottage; 3 blocks from uni-
versity.
$1400 — Good 5-room house; large lot; 3 blocks
of station.
$21 (»0 — Good 6-room cottage; 8 blocks of unl-
versit:-'.
SS200 — 7-room house, nearly new; all street
-work done; near High School.
$2750 — Good 8-room, house; nice location; 2
blocks of university.
$3500 — New 8-room house; very nice, fine
location.
$4500 — Modern 11-room house; 1 block of
university.
$4500 — New 14-room house, near university.
$4500 — Fine »-room house, with nice grounds;
3 blocks of university.
•$0500— Handsome 10-room house, in an ele-
gant location near university.
LYMAN ALLEN.
- 2129 Center st
SNAPS WORTHY OF MENTION.
$4000 — Income property, consisting of one 2-
story and Ihree 1-story modern cottages; street
work done; 3 blocks to railroad depot; origin-
ally cost $7000.
$2500 — Modern 2-story cottage of 6 rooms,
with fine laundry and billiard-room, rustic
barn, etc.; lot 100x125; sunny side.
$2000 — Large 2-story house, with store; lot
50x125; good location. ',.'.."
$2000— Fine cottage of 6 rooms, 2 acres good
soil, 1 acre in fruit and berries.
. Write for list of Improved properties, rang-
ing in price from $500 to $7000.
.Good building lots from $125 up.
Houses built to order. Money loaned.
P. A. WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
$300 — LOT 40x135 ; * street sewered ; all ready
for building; worth $500; terms reasonable.
$650— Lot 40x135; street work all done; %
block N. Berkeley depot; a snap.
$1600 — 50-foot corner lot on the Scenic
Park; near cars to college.
$2750 — Almost new, 7-room house; owner
must sell.
| $3000 — House of 7 rooms; corner lot 50x135;
street work done In front; a bargain. (
MAY & MORTIMER.
. 2123 Center st,
'¦ . - - y - Berkeley.
A NEW modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, high basement; large pan-
try and china closet; large lot; near station;
fenced and good sidewalk in front and around
house; price $1400; $200 down, balance same
as rent.
HOME REALTY CO. '
A GOOD 6-room cottage on a large lot In fine
neighborhood; only 2 blocks to station; lojt
alone worth $800; price $1100; easy terms.
HOME REALTY CO..
Open Sundays. Lorin Station.
$2000 — NEW 5 or 6 room cottage; lot 45x100; 2
blocks to school and cars, stores, churches,
etc.; only $200 down, balance $20 per month;
porcelain tub, tiled sink, fine mantel, sta-
tionary tubs, sideboard, gas fixtures, tinted
walls. W. C. * MORAN & CO.
$2200 — NEW 7-room house on 80- foot ' street;
half block to cars; east of Telegraph ave.:
lot 50x140; must be sold. W. C. MORAN &
CO., Lorin Station aod Schmidt block,
Berkeley. ¦ ' - - - '.-•.-." ¦-¦ ...
$1500 WILL buy a 50-foot lot north of D wight
way and east of Telegraph ave. ; street work
all done; fine view. ' ¦ •
JOS. J. MASON.
¦ Adjoining P. P.. : Berkeley.
$3500— $1000 CASH, $33 per month, will, buy a
beautiful new 8-room house and 50-foot -lot;
10 minutes' walk, to university and 10, min-
. utes' walk to local ; send for new : pamphlet
on "Homes." WM. P. TODD 630 Market »t.
S. F., or 1070 Broadway, Oakland.'
003* Broadway, Oakland.
Nearlng completion— Cor. Valde« (first street
east of Webster) and 24.th; beautiful new house
of 6. large rooms;- reception, hall. , large bath-
room, cement basement; every modern conveni-
ence; houses front east, getting morning sun;
lot five feet above grade; fine neighborhood; car
line passes property; very easy terms; price
$3750.
$5500 — Cheapest home in Oakland; on 13th
st, between Madison and Oak; lot 60x100
(worth ?4000); fine large house of 9 rooms; all
modern conveniences; cost $4500 to build; rent-
ed to first-class tenants for $50 per month net;
must be sold. ' . •
Fine Webster-st. corner lot at $40 per foot;
SE. cor. Webster and 24th sts.; 65x100; see
this lot before buying elsewhere. .
$7000— Very . beautiful home on Myrtle st.,
near 14th; new and modern In every particular;
house has 9 rooms, large basement; very sunny
lot. --.
?4750 — One of the finest NW.. corners left for
fiats; close to Broadway; 50-100; house "on lot
that is worth $1000.
$12,500— Finest buy in Oakland; In Lakeside
district, on Madison st. N. of 13th; corner lot
150x100: very fine house of 10 rooms; easily
worth $20,000; bank sale.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
$4300— A BRAND-NEW HOUSE.
Location 20th and Webster sts.; lot 43 feet
Irontage; house of 7 rooms and bath; open
and nickel plumbing; the latest In every de-
tail and finish; this property originally be-
longed to an estate and it now must be sold;
only a few blocks from 14th and Broadway
local trains and business centers; this prop-
erty can be rented for $45 per month; house
. a good investment if purchaser did not wish
to occupy it.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
' ¦¦ 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2000— SHOULD SELL FOR $3500.
Almost new 6-room house; note — (lot 50x140);
sunny exposure; street work all complete; In
nret-class condition; near cars, schools and-
business center; owner a non-resident and our
instructions are to sell without reserve to
the highest and best bidder; terms only $500
cash, balance can remain on mortgage; pur-
chaser can pay cash if so desired.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3600— STRICTLY UP-TO-DATE COZY HOME.
Reception hall, front and back parlor, din-
ing-room and kitchen below. 3 fine bed-
rooms, closets and bathroom above; all fin-
ished In light hard wood, hall in white cedar;
front and back porch, 2 toilets, laundry and
cemented basement; nice lawn and flowers
front and rear; situate prominent 40- foot
corner, close In; bargain; will be sold this
week; first come, first served.
J. 8. MYERS & CO.,
• 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2850 — MODERN COTTAGE ON GROVE ST.
7 rooms and bath; laundry and cemented
basement; all In fire condition; sunny side
of street; fine neighborhood; lot 40x116.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
' 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
RARE CHANCE FOR INVESTMENT.
283 acres, only five miles from Oakland, com-
manding a magnificent panorama of the Golden
Gate and Bay Cities— for sale at $76 per acre;
200 acres under cultivation. > .'.-'
The Realty Syndicate, • owning property on
either side — which they expect shortly to de-
velop by a Suburban Electric Road. A mortgage
of two-thirds the purchase price can be placed
on the property at 6 per cent
This is the most flattering Investment for a
man of means now offered In the market
For particulars apply to
W. E. BARNARD, 1118 Broadway.
•" — "
$5 CASH $2 50 monthly; 2 lots. 25x256; price
. $39 each. . .
$20 cash, 5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $250
• In all. ¦ , -¦ , ¦ * . - -
$50 cash, $5 monthly;** lots, 100x100; trees
and shrubberies; price $300.'
; _ $75 cash, $7 BO monthly; 8 lots, 100x200;
' fin « oaks and laurel trees; price $575. . -
$65 cash. $10 monthly; 200x200; price $980
in all; fine soil; grand view; superb climate;
near electric car line, fine school; building up
rapidly with a good class of people; no fogs
nor raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; call
°r send for circular. 455 Seventh at, oppo-
site-Broadway ' station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner. ¦ .
300 ACRES, .three miles from- Oakland, $75
an acre; two-thirds of purchase price can bo
r^T?,^-, 011 the l&nd at 6 per cent interest.
GILBERT WYMAN. attorney at law, office
.. and residence, Twenty-seventh ave. and East
Sixteenth. Fruitvale. CaU; phone Brook 123.
$1200— 6-ROOM house; Improved street; cement
walks; inside city limits; only 2 blocks from
local station ; $ioo cash, remainder of pur-
chase price same as - rent. $15 per month.
WYMAN LAND CO., 1137 E Fourteenth st,
» near Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland. ; - .
$1000— BIG bargain j cozy 6-roomed cottage
. with porcelain sink and hot- water boiler;
' sunny side close to San ¦ Pablo ave. ; street
( ,' work - all done, Including '¦ stone walks ; .all
¦: newly papered "v and painted. Address for
Quick sale box 2378. Call office, Oakland,
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth — Furnished house-
keeping complete; also sunny double front,
\ cheap.
1 MISSION." 766. ¦ near Fourth — Furnished house-
i .'keeping rooms.
j MISSION. 1720%, nr. Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry: $8.
OAK.- 119 — 2 sunny rooms, range, sink, $12; 2
-basement rooms, $9; front room. $("•; back
-'room, $7; all furnished for housekeeping.
I ONE to. 7 rooms, furnished or unfurnished; prl-
! vate residence; also lower floor. 3 rooms 515
1318 O'Farrell st.
TEHAMA, 22 — Housekeeping rooms to let;
cheap; '
VALENCIA. 12S — Alcove sunny rooms with
kitchen ; adults ; • references ; near 6 car lines.
VAN.' NESS, 410 — Sunny bay-window alcove;
gas,' bath, grate; running water; no children;
phone. •
Virginia. 1005 Powell— 2sunny front housekeeping
rooms; newly 4 furnl sheil; gas range, baths ;$20.
$50— FURNITURE and carpets, 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms; rent $15; Leavenworth. 14
Flood building. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st.
HO QMS TO LET— Fnrn. ana Untnrii.
XrGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
BROADWAY, 930—2 extra large sunny front
rooms; bath and yard; rent $8.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-'
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BRTANT, 428 — Furnished bay-window room;
running water; large closet.
BUSH. 727 — Sunny furnished room for gentle-
man; gas, bath.
CHATTANOOGA, 106 — 2 furn. rooms: coal
stove; persons employed during day preferred.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
35c. 81 60 night; $1 50, $0 wk.; open all night
ELLIS, 418 (The . Plerpont)— Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vlce; hot water; private baths.
ELEVENTH, 142—2 rooms. 1 furnished and
1 unfurnished; reasonable. ¦
FIFTH, 119— Elegant sunny bay-window room;
lounge,. folding bed; $2 50 week; top flat.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
¦ transient: baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
- ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 750— Finely furnished
suite, run. water, grate, . gas, bath, . all con.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet orderly
home at moderate charges; sult.slngl«;elevat.
GRANT ave., 7 — Two furnished suites t also 8
sln.le rooms. . ¦ . • >
HOWARD. 1 , 1076 — 3 sunny rooms and bath.
JONES. ' 906. In lower flat — One large room,
double .bed; hot and cold water; privilege of
bath ; breakfast served If desired.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Office or sunny
furnished rooms, eh suite or single.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
: private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
McAllister, 907— a small inside room; Ger-
. man. family; $3 a month. -
MINNA." 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; #1 per week; transient
NATOMA. 217, near Third — Single and double
furnished rooms. ' . -v.
NEW.- ARLINGTON, 1015 Market-Nicely fur-
nished rooms; <2 a week up; 35c. a day up.
NICELY furnished " room In private family
near-Park; suitable for man and wife. 'Box
, . 8454,' Call office. : •.: .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
of flew; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 430— Sunny front room; suitable
- for one. or two gentlemen; $8 month.
POWELL, 128 and , 130— Has changed hands ;
nicely r -, furnished . sunny rooms ; . also single.
RINCON place, 28, off Harrison— 2 sunny fur-
nished i front rooms with use of kitchen for
man. and wife or 2 gentlemen; view of bay.
ROYAL . House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor- rooms, per night.. 85o to SI CO; week M
. : -;to J $8: J month,.$8.to $30; elevator on ground
floor;. rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK, 1002— Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe. ...
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.
- near Market— Furnished or unfurnished, i-- '
BIRTHS— MARRIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlaee and death notices "sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eona authorized to have the same published.
_ob5n".
BAUMEISTER — In this city. January 23, 1802,
to tho wife of Frank Baumeister. a son.
BERGFELD— In this city. January 18, 1902,
to th? wife of H. H. Bergfeld. a son.
DOWELL— In East Oakland. January 20, 1902,
to the wife of F. L. Dowell, twin sons.
DREW — In this city. January 20. 1002, to th*
wifa of John S. Drew, a daughter.
HALL— In this city, January 22. 1902. to the
wife of G. W. Hall (nee Utter), a daughter.
HOCKETT— In this city. January 15. 1902, to
the wife of G. B- Hockett. a son.
KALB — In Santa Rosa, January 14, 1902, to
the wife of P. J. Kalb, a daughter. . .
LEWIS— In this city. January 21, 1902, to th»
wife of Fred Lewis, a daughter.
MILLER— In Qras* Valley, January 12, 1902.
to the wife of Emmet Miller, a son.
PORTELLO — In South San Francisco, Janu-
ary 25, 1902, to the wife of Manuel Portello.
a son.
PORTER— In this city, January 24, 1902, to
the wife of G. H. Porter, a son. .
— ________
DOLPH — TUTWILER — In this city. January
25, 1S>O2, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wll-
pon, Joeepn N. Doiph of Portland, Or^ and
Lillian Tutwller of San Francisco.
NELSON— NELSON— In "this city. January 23.
1602. by tha Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of tha
First English Lutheran Church, Johannes
Nelson and Kerstln Nelson, both of Ban
Francisco. (
BEIDLER— SANBORN— In this city. January
23, 1002, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
First English Lutheran Church. Fritz C.
Seidler and Annie A. Sanborn, both of San
Francisco.
DIED. ~~~
. Bloom, Teresa Johnson. Georgs • ; i
Braun, Michael Kelly, Patrick J.
Burrows, Robert E. Kriske. Ernst L.
Chopinz. Victor Lane, .Bertha H.
Dahl, Gustav McGlauflin. Mrs. S3.
DrUscoll, William H. Mason, Henry
Dunn, James A. Miller (Infant)
Everson. Mary Monahan. John
Fogarty, Walter T. Moore. John P.
Friedlander, Ernest O'Neill. Philip P.
¦ Fredericks. Jacob C. Paige, Timothy
Gallegos, Teresa Pedro. Joseph S.
Ganey. John F. Reilly. ¦William J.
Gray. Mrs. Catherine Sheaban, Bridget
Grlffln. Many A. Tyner, Richard O.
Haley. Hannah Wat kins, Julia
Johnson. Alfred R.'_ Wickert Friedrich
BLOOM— In this city. January 24. 1902.
Teresa, beloved wife of Joseph Bloom, mother
of Mrs. Joe Traverse .Clarando, Valentl,
Sllva, Komilda and Jerry Bloom, and sister
of C. Balzarlni. a native of Switzerland,
aged S3 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place Sunday,
January 26, from the family residence,
Olema, Marin County, at 11 o'clock.
BRAUN — la Oakland. January 25, 1902,
Michael, beloved husband of Louise Braun,
and father .of Clarence. Lulu, Amy, Charles.
Phillip and Barbara Braun, a native of Ba-
varia, Germany, aged 66 years 11 months
and 1 day.'
_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited . to attend the funeral 1 services
Monday afternoon, January 27. 1902. at 2
o'clock, at his late residence, 1123 Filbert
I street, Oakland, under the auspices of Alca-
trax Lodge No. 244, F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
BURROWS — In this city, January 25. 1902
Robert E. Burrows, dearly beloved «on of
Mary and Thomas Burrows, and brother of
Thomas, . Charles and Mary Burrows, Mrs
W. A. Harrison. Mrs. F. Thegode and the
late John Burrows, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years 10 months and 25 days
CHOPINZ— In the City, and County Hospital
January 25, 1902, Victor Chjoplnz, a native
of France, ased 51 years.
DAHL— In this city, January 25, 1002, Gustav
Dahl, beloved husband of Marie Dahl and
father of Lizzie, Olof, George and William
Dahl, a native of Norway, aged W years and
8 months.
DRISCOLL — In Sacramento. January 23 iiMr>
William H. Driscoll. brother of Mrs *B p
Jenkins, aged 52 years. , "* lr "
ICTThe funeral service* will be held to-'
morrow (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.; 940 Mission street
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
DUNN — Lost in the wreck of steamer Walla
. Walla, James A. Dunn of 1266 Folsom street
dearly beloved son of John and Mary Dunn
and beloved brother of Philip J., John J.
t and Charles A. Dunn. Mrs. A. Gale and Mrs.
''/.J. Murphy. (Boston papers please copy.)
ITT* A requiem mass for the repose of his
soul at 8 o'clock. Monday. January 27, at St
Ignatius Church, Hayes street Friends and
acquaintances are invited to attend.
EVERSON — In this city, January 24, 1902,
Mary Everson, a native of Ireland, aged 70
., years. « "
FOG ARTT — In this city. > January 24. 1902.
¦ Walter ' T. Fogarty.V beloved son of Patrick
and the late, Elizabeth, Fogarty, and brother
of John J., James P.' and Joseph W. Fo-
garty, a native of New York, aged 24 years
Gesellschaft Teutonia, commencing at 2:30
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LANE— In this city, January 22, 1902, Bertha
Helen Lane, wife of David F. Lane, aistar
j of Mrs. John W. Gunn of Portland, Or.. Mrs.
,N. S. McCready of Snohorolsh. Wash., Mrs.
O. B. Younx of Seattle. Wash., and John A.
and George H. Merkley, and daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Merkley of Iroquola, On-
tario, Canada, a native of Canada, aged 24
d_TFuneral services will be held to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Trinity Epis-
copal Church, corner of Gough and Bush
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car -from Fourteenth and
Mission streets.
McGLAUFLIN— In Alameda. January 23. 1902,
Mrs. Emellne McGlauflin. beloved mother o£
Mrs. F. D. Traveller. Lewis W. McGlaufltn
and Mrs. Annie B. Jameson Bartlett and
sister of Ed ward L. and Phineas P. Ward,
I a native of Wellington, New Brunswick,
aged 81 years 10 months and 10 days.
C7Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral : Sunday. January 26, at 2
o'clock, from the residence of F. D. Trav-
eller, 1400 San Jos« avenue. Interment pri-
vate. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
MASON — In Alameda, January 23, 1902, Henry,
beloved husband of Gabrielle Mason, and
father of Irene Mason. Mrs. E. A. Brooks
and Charles H. Mason of Helena. Mont, a
native of Brittany. France, aged 73 years 10
months and 19 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at 10:30 o'clock, this (Sunday) mornlnir, to
be held under the auspices of Oak Grova
Lodge No. 215, F. and A. M.. Masonio Hall.
Park street. Alameda. Cremation private.
MILLER — In Grass Valley. January 12. 1903.
infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Emmet Miller.
MONAHAN— In thla city, January 24, 1902,
John, beloved husband of Delia Monahan.
and father of Joseoh. f Thomas and Loretta
Monahan, a native of Ireland. A member
of St. Patrick's Mutual Alllanca Associa-
tion of California.
tT-fFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from bis la«
residence, 454 Bryant street thence to St
Rose's Church for services at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
ST. PATRICK'S Mutual Alliance Association
of California — The funeral detail and mem-
bers are requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother, John Monahan. from his
late residence. 454 Bryant street Sunday,
January 20, at 12:30 o'clock.
THOMAS M. SEARET. President.
T. E. GIBBONS. Cor. Sec
MOORE— In this city, January 23. 1902. Joha
P., dearly beloved son of Mary and ths lat*
John Moore, and loving brother of Joseph,
James, Tom and Kate Moore, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years 10 months and
IS days. :
C Friends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend tho requiem high
mass for tha repose of his soul to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, at St Teresa's
Church. Nineteenth and Tennessee streets,
Potrero. Interment private. Remains at th»
parlors of J. C. O'Connor _ Co.. 767 Mis-
sion street.
O'NEILL— In this city. January 23. 190*
Philip P., beloved son of Mary and the lat»
Patrick O'Neill, and brother of Thomas,
Frank, Walter. Robert, Eusrene, Alfred.
Mamie and the late Edward O'Neill, a na-
tive of San - Francisco, aged 30 years 4
months and IS days.
IC^Funeral will take place at 10 o'clock
to-day (Sunday), from his late residency
1421 McAllister street Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Members of the San Francisco
Mailers No. 18 please take notice.
PAIGE — In thla city. January 23. 1902. Tim-
othy Paiee. a nativa of Hard wick. Mass.. in
his 78th year. (Boston, Mass.. papers pleas*
copy.)
PEDRO— In this city. January 24. 1902. Joseph
S. Pedro, beloved husband of Nettie Pedr_">,
- father of Manuel Pedro, son of Manuel S.
tiENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
---•-, 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
iYlt Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 016 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 578.
NEW FIRM Ut> UWDti.<TAK_.RS.
Samuel McFadden.- IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association: M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 19
years: P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. ¦ Telephone South 44.
REMOVED!
McGinn bf?os.»
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBAI— I-
¦ERS, to 224 and 228 McAllister st (Tor-
raerly of 31 Eddy st. Tet. South 252.)Bach, Meese & Co., liquor merchants at
321 Montgomery street, filed a'. petition' in
insolvency yesterday in the United States
District Court.' Their liabilities are $18,
045 31, and assets $13,329-58. •-' This is the
firm whose Junior member, I Frank Eich
enroth, j committed suicide a ¦ few weeks
ago because of the discovery of his defal
cations. ¦ . ' ¦ ' vi' ?;'
Liquor Firm Insolvent.
W. A. and Katherine Carroll to Elizabeth
C. Tyson (wife of George H.); lot on E corner
of Everett street and Santa Clara avenue, NE
125 by EE 87,- block 2, map subdivision Chip
man blocks, Alameda; $10. ¦
by N 148, lots 8 to 10, map portion Vischer
Tract, Alameda; 410. '
STOCKTON, Jan. 25.-Charles J. White,
a fireman on the Tesla coal road, shot
himself in tbe head and breast at 7:30
o'clock this morning at 119 South Com
merce street. His younger brother,. S. L.
White, was present when the shooting oc
curred,- but was powerless to prevent it.
White will die. He would not give the
reason 'for his attempted suicide.
Twice Shoots Himself.
clares • that the i Consolidated Mercur has two
large mines and handles the largest tonnage of
any metal minlns : company . In the State of
Utah. - Its . large . modern cyanide - miir, haa a
capacity to treat 1000 tons of ore dally. .There
has • been a chanrre ¦ in the character of; the
ore, however, and at nressnt only about .800
tons are beinar treated The change in
the ore is due to the partial exhaustion of the
oxidized ores near., the surface, which are free
cyaniding. c The i base ; orei found in ' the lower
levels I contain I sulphur - and arsenic and have
to be roap ted before they 'can be successfully
cyaniaed. .
Princess' Sophie BambaDhuleep Slnph,
daughter of the Maharajah of Lahore, In
dia, is studying medicine in Chicago at
the' . University - "Women's
Medical College. ,
The members of Forget Me Not Lodge
of the Degree of Honor, Ancient Order
United .Workmen, were entertained last
week at a banquet given by Chief of Honor
Miss Annie Lee at the residence of her
father, E. Lee, at 208 Fair Oaks street.
This was the conclusion of a contest be
tween two sides of members of the lodge
for membership, the losing side to ban
quet the winners. The two sides were
captained by Annie Lee and Mrs. C. T.
Spencer. The father of the losing cap
tain presented to each at the banquet
board a handsome embossed plate as a
souvenir of the occasion. The supper was
a most toothsome one and was greatly en
joyed by all present. Mrs. Spencer was
the toastmlstress, and after a few words
appropriate to the occasion there was
singing and good fellowship. Those who
were the guests at the board were* Mr
and Mrs. Lee, Miss Annie Lee, E. Lee Jr
Mies Millie Lee, C. T. and Mrs. Spencer
A. D. and Mrs. Hawley, Hermy Kaiser.
William and Mrs. Bain, Gus and -Mrs
Peck. CT. and Mrs. Shea, N. and Mrs".
Falleck, Mr. Manning and sister, LJovd
Winter; Lee Hamlln, J. P. Boland, Martha
Lester, Phoebe Larsen and Miss Larsen.
Another contest will soon be Inaugurated
Silver Spray Lodge has arranged for an
apron and necktie" party, to be given in
Excelsior Lodge on the night of the 29th
inst. .¦ ¦ ¦. : ¦•¦ ¦ ;¦/:¦¦ ¦ , ~~ ¦ •¦-¦,:
Degree of Honor.
At the close of the ceremony Mrs. Mary
Gllmore Dunn, the retiring royal matron,
who Is also the grand secretary of the
order, was on behalf of the court pre
sented with a costly bar diamond pin In
appreciation of her services to the court
and as a token of her ability as a pre
siding officer. During her term the mem
bership was increased to 110 by the Initia
tion of twenty-five candidates for royal
honors. The presentation was •, followed
by dancing in the banquet hall.
Honorable Lady Barbara Bommer, royal
matron; Sir Knight George L. Darling, royal
patron: Honorable Lady Ida Spence, honorable
associate matron; Honorable Lady Josephine
Leach, treasurer; Honorable Lady Mary Oat
man, secretary; .Honorable Lady Annie ¦ Irene
Simpson, conductress; Honorable Lady Mary
E. Dcnoho, associate conductress; i Honorable
Lady Frances Alice Hickey. honorable herald:
Sir Knight Arthur Hill Millberry, honorable
prelate: Honorable Lady Nellie Augusta Dar
ling honorable organist; Honorable Lady Jen
nie Abbott Graves, marshal in the east; Hon
orable Lady Effle Tunnisen, marshal in the
west; Emma McKay, honorable Lady Truth;
Harriett Coleman, ¦ honorable Lady Faith ;
Maude Wright Terwllliger. honorable Lady
Wisdom; Annette N. Wood, tionorable' Lady
Charity; Mary McCleave, warder; Sir Knight
Wilkes Madden, sentinel.
One of the most beautiful Installations
of the season was that. of the new offi
cers of Crescent Court of the Royal and
Exalted Degree of the Order of the Ama
ranth, an organization to which none are
eligible if not a. member of the Eastern
Star, auxiliary to Masonry. The cere
mony, which was public, was conducted
In the commandery hall of the -Golden
Gate Asylum by Grand Royal Patron
Florin L. Jones, assisted by Mrs. Jennie
A. Graves as grand royal marshal, in the
presence of more than two hundred per
sons, Including, many prominent members
of the Eastern Star. The language used
by the installing officer In charging the
officers was beautiful and decidedly im
pressive. It was listened to with a great
deal of attention by alL During the cere
mony there were appropriate vocal selec
tions, solos and quartet by the Knicker
bocker quartet. The new officers are
mony in Commandery Hall of
Golden Gate Asylum.
A Beautiful and Impressive Cere-
DEGBEE OP AMARANTH
INSTATES ITS OFFICEBS
Franz Ludwlg Broecker to Fred D. and
Alice Block (wife), lot on N line of Central
avenue. 197:2 W of St Charles street, W 75
Hattie and August ¦ T. Ahrens to 6 L. Toa
kum (widow), lots 3 and 5, block 66 as per
map subdivision lots 56, 57, 65, e6 and map
subdi vision lot* 54 to 67 and 65 to 68. Kings
land Tract, subject to mortgage for S600
Brooklyn Township: $10, * '
J. S. Klmball Company <a corporation) to W
H. Gregor. lots 2 to fi. block E.Map Broadway
Terrace, Oakland Townehip; $1000.
Mary Catherine Pownall (widow) to Joachim
H/> and Lucy A. H. Sender, lot on 8 line of
University avenue^ 475:6 E of Shattuck ave
nue, E 81:8 by S 138:2%, portion Terminal
Tract. Berkeley: gift.
Edson F. and John Charles Adams and Julia
P. A. Prather to William G. Henshaw, all lot
17, between Twenty-fourth street and Bay
place, map survey No. 824 for Henry C. Lee
100-8cre tract, Oakland; $10.
Grace V. and William B. Klnc to Winiam
Guetsrson. lot on XW corner of Twenty-flret
and Myrtle streets, N 30 by W 100, block 617,
Boardman'p Map, Oakland; $10.
Elise and Max Cohnbeixn to Addle Smith,
rerceord 131 E». 284, lot 42. block D, Broadway
and Telegraph Avenue Homestead. Oakland:
M. C. JCunan to Mary T. Lanpe (wife of
F. W. Jr.). lot on E Une of Chester street.
20R:0% S of Twelfth. S 32 by E 125. block
557. Oakland; $10.
John and Ada M. Hlnkel (wife) to same,
lot on E line of Shattuck avenue, 25 S cf
DwiRht way. E 112. S 32. W 114:3. E 32:1%
to beginning, being a portion of lot 34. Slap
Ptetle Tract, portion plat 69. etc. Berkeley;
$lf. .. ... - .;•'-'-: ,-'-"r "~---... .v "
Commercial Bank to Louis THua. lot on SE
corner cf Ehattuck avenue and Dwtg-ht wa.y.
E 130. S 28. W 112. N 28, portion lot 34. Map
i-teele Tract, part plat C9, etc., Berkeley; $10.
Jesse G. Milleap (surviving husband Jane F.
Millsap. deceased) to William J. McKee, lot
on E Une of Telegraph avenue, as now exist
ing;. J17 8 of Elm street. 8 60 by E 122:6,
block 11, Map Pacific Homestead; also lot on
F line of Sixteenth street. 138 W of Adeline,
W 2R by S 90, block 587, Boardman's. Map.
quitclaim deed. Oakland: $10.
William P. and Alice r. Todd (wife) to Jen
nie Ralston, fame, Alameda, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Ernest W. Warren (by David W. Lorins; and
C. F. Rllliet. trustees) .to Continental Build
ini? and Loan Association. 731 D. 283, lot on
K line of Todd street, 60 E or Baker. E 75
by N 132. block F. Amended Map J. W. Craw
ford Tract, trustees' deed. Oakland; $2101.
Pacific States 6. L. and B. Co. to Mrs.
Jennie Ralston, let on E line of Everett etreet
118 8 of Lincoln avenue. S 40 by E 116.83.
portion Foley Tract (so-called). Alameda:
$3000.
Mary Elizabeth and Luther J. Hoi ton to
Fred Nelson I>elanoy and Edwin A. Randlett.
lot on W line of Laurel street, 360 8 of Clin
ton avenue. 6 40 by W 130, lot 19, block B,
Bellevue Tract. Alameda; $10.
Realty Eradicate (corporation) to Vivian P.
Vanfiercook (wife of B. P.), lot on SE corner
of East Twenty-seventh street and Orang-e
avenue, S 1OU by E 120; also lot on W line
of Twenty-fourth avenue. 100 8 of East Twen
ty-seventh etreet, S 50 by W 120. lot* 10. 11
and 14. block 4, map 3, Blasdel Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Vivian P. and E. P. Vandercook to Realty
Syndicate (corporation), lot on W tin* of
Orang* avenue, 150 S of East Twenty-seventh
etreet, 8 50 by W 150. lot 23. block 1. map 2.
Blasdel Tract. East Oakland HeUrhts. Brook
lyn Township; also lot on E line of Orange
avenue. 250 S of East Twenty-eeventh atreet.
8 100 by E 120. lots 6 and 6. block 4, map 3,
rarr.e, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Helen Si. Starr to George B. Starr, lot on
JJTv lln« of Walnut avenue, 2962.057 NE of
county rosui road. Otikland to San L<eandro,
KW 67.44. NW 758.34. SW 67.44. . SE 758.34,
portion lot IS. zn&p Stone Subdivision, Brook
lyn Township ; 110.
Emilie Hoff (wife of Christian) to same, lot
en S line of University avenue, 65 E of Eirhth
•treet. W 45 by S 150. Berkeley; $10.
Harriet A. TCe&l (elnsle) to Beverly Letcher,
lot on N line of Durast avenue. 200 W ol Ells-
Worth etreet, N* 130 by E 50, block 13, College
Homestead Association, Berkeley; $100.
satile D. and John Armstrong: to Grace O
Richards (wife of Robert C). lot beginning at
a point on W line of Wheeler Tract. 88 N of
Cedar street, beine £B corner lot 13. block 3.
Berkeley View Homestead. N 6.79. E 6.17,
TV 2.14, beln* the N 6.79 feet of portion of
Wheeltr Tract W of Hawthorne Terrace, as
per mas or said terrace, Berkeley; $1.
liearj- c. Stein. Thomas A. and Jennie Peck
ham <wUe). Emilie or Emlele Hoff (wife of
Christian) to Christian HofL lot on 8 line of
University avenue. 101 E of Eiirhth street, 12
f.2 by S 100. lot 3. block 98. Schnelle Tract.
Berkeley: also all Interest in lot on 8 line of
traiverelty avenue. 45 E of Eighth etreet, E
53, S 100. E 25:»H. S 60, W 64:9%, N 150,
Berkeley; $1.
Hannah and Joseph M. Lopez to Agutha
Lopez <Elnele), lot en S line of Delaware
street, 2&J.t>8 E of San Pablo avenue, E 60 by
S 130. block B, map Rooney Tract. Berkeley:
Alameda County.
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First Presby
terian Church will preach this morning
on "Idleness," and in the evening | on
"Dignity of the Body."
Rev." Bradford : Leavitt of the First
Unitarian 'Church will preach this .morn
ing on "Are Unitarians Christians?"
The forty-ninth ¦» anniversary of the
Young Men's Christian Association will
be ¦ observed at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
There will be a union meeting of all the
city Protestant , churches," and Dr. Clam
pett of Trinity will assist. . .- * „-
Rev. Father Mahony will preach at the
10:30 mass this mornln* at St Ignatius
Church. Rev. Father Woods will preach
In y the evening after vespers. ,
Kev. * J. . Maas, a converted Hebrew of
the University of the Pacific, win preach
at the First A.- M. E. Zion Church (col
ored) this evening on "The Church Awak
ening. V . . \
i.ev. John Hemphill of the Calvary
Presbyterian Church vwlll preach this
morning on "Lost Opportunities Irremedi
able," - and Rev. George Eldredge will
preach this evening on "Religious Profes
sions Examined."
Professor R. R. Lloyd of the Partf Con
gregational Church will preach this
morning on "The Withholding of Revela
tions," and In 1 the evening on "A Chang
ing Creed and the Constant Experience."
. Rev. . Phillip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "Doing What We Can With
"What We Have," and in the evening on
"The Breadth of . the Christian Life."
Rev. E. A- Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this evening on "Sa
tan's Praver."
"Love" Is the subject of the lesson at
the First Church of Christ. *
RevJ George o. Adams of the »Flrst
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "A Changing Creed but a
Constant Experience." Rev. John Henry
Barrows, D.D., will preach in the even
ing.
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach. this morn-
Ing on "The Sufficiency of Grace," and
in the evening o.n "The Evolution of the
Devil." _: . . ' ¦
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Church will preach this
morning on "Individual Responsibility in
the Promotion of the Work of God," and
in the evening on "The Danger of Self-
Deception."
Rev. A. C. Bane of tbe California-street
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Living the Christ Life." and in tho
evening on "Heart Condition."
Rev. B. J. Harper of the Centenary- M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"Christ the Source of Authority," and In
the evening on "Lest a Worse Thing
Come to Thee." . ¦ V ,
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson
Memorial Church will preach this even
ing on "Christ or Nothing." •
Kev. Milton D. Buck of tbe Trinity M.
E. Church will preach thla morning on
"The Full Salvation." ' .. "
Rev. F. W. Lloyd of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Comforter," and in the evening on
"Tbe Voyage of Life."
Rev. Frank .Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach' this morning on "The
Presence of. the Divine One and the
Christian's Guarantee of Success," and In
the evening on "The Divine Guest and
His Two Hosts."
Interesting Topics Will Be Discussed
in the Pulpits of Sacred
. Edifices.
REAL ESTATE TEANSACTIOITS.
THEMES OF THE* PASTORS
IN SOME OF CITY'S CHTTRCHES
On the evening of the 20th Inst. the fol
lowing named were installed as the offi
cers of Myrtle Lodge of the A. O. U. W.
for the current term by W. C. Growley,
D. D. G. M. W.j and a full corps of acting
grand officers: Dr. E. E. Balrd, P. M.W.;
S. W. Chadbourne, M. W.; F. H. Thrall,
F.;C. M. Bouton, O.; G. E. Burnham.
G.; A. F. Goetjen, I. W.; R. Young. O.
W. After the installation the members
went to a Market-street cafe, where there
was served a supper and there were re
sponses to toasts by Grand Recorder
Spencer, District Deputies Crowley, Law
ton and Thompson. Past Master Balrd
and the new master workman. The re
ports presented show that the lodge is In
better condition than It has been for
ye,ars, having 12000 In bank. During the
past year the averagu age of members
was reduced by fifteen months by reason
of the taking of a number of young mem
bers. The average of the membership at
this time Is under 36 years.
Pacific Lodge of Oakland had a hard
tack party last -week. It was well at
tended and there was a good programme
of entertainment.
Grand Recorder Spencer will pay a visit
to Sausalito Lodge on the 29th Inst. for
the purpose of installing the officers. He
will be accompanied by several members
of the San Francisco extension commit
tee.
Grand Master Morrison reports that all
the lodges ! in the southern part of the
State are doing well, frequently adding to
the membership by initiation.
Special Deputy Calvert started out In
behalf of the lodge in Meridan recently
and in a week secured twenty-one mem
bers.
The San Francisco extension committee
has now been placed in the charge of Past
Grand Master Edwin Danforth by Deputy
Grand Master Barnes, who declared that
press of other engagements In connection
with the work of the order prevents him
from giving that branch the attention It
deserves. At the meeting held on the 18th
inst. Mr. Danforth outlined a plan of
operations and it was decided to perfect
it at the next meeting.
Ex-Grand Recorder Poland was in this
city last week visiting friends. He will
shortly leave for Pony, Mont., to take up
his residence there with his son.
The deputy grand master visited the
lodge in Haywards last week and took
part In the memorial service held by that
subordinate. The following night that offi
cer, in company with Grand Receiver
Booth, visited the lodge at Tesla and In
stalled the officers. ...
AH arrangements have been concluded
for the entertainment to be given under
the auspices of the Grand Lodge in Odd
Fellows' Hall on the night of the 29th inst.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Walters rushed to and fro as In a Ger
man beer garden, and the refreshments
¦ were doled out with a lavish hand. Not
; a thirst in the hall remained un
! Quenched,
j During the revel a choice programme
I was rendered. -The features of the even-
Ing were serious and humorous papers by
, D. M. Delmas and Judge John Hunt Del
: mas discussed the serious side of Bohemia
• and Judge Hunt Its funny side. Both pa
i pers were highly appreciated.
E. Johnson played "Yankee Doodle" so
many ways on the piano that it made the
audience dizzy trying to follow the mel
i ody. W. J. O'Brien sang a number of
1 songs, Harry Nieman gave a number of
! clever specialties, Gus Hartman told the
: funny experiences he had at amateur
! prixe-fights, William Heazleton sang
' comic songs, Charles Kounan played the
piano, Harry Cashman told Hebrew
stories, Al Cercle rendered ragtime solos,
| G. Yates sang and Louis Loeb improvised
, on the piano.
The following committee was In charge
of the revel: Colonel Kowalsky, Mose
! Selig. Isidore Golden, F. E. Brett, Dr.
: Boskowltz, W. F. Connolly and Ike
j Tuchler.
I The officers of the organization are:
! Chief host. Colonel Kowalsky: first as
sistant, W. E. von Johanson; recording
i host, W. F. Connolly; host of exchequer,
I E. Lastretto; marshad of hosts, I. Golden.
Members and Friends of San Fran
cisco Hospitium No. 1 Spend a
Pleasant Evening;.
San Francisco Hospitium No. 1, .Bohe
mians of America, held a "Bohemian
revel" last evening In Elk's Hall. Fully
300 guests and members participated in
the merrymaking. The hall presented a
novel appearance. Two score tables laden
with bottles of beer, pipes, tobacco and
sandwiches filled the room. Through the
cloud «of smoke the platform was. barely
discernable. T. J. Crowley, master of the
revel, sat In a blgh-backed chair and gave
his. orders in a manner that brooked no
Interference. Ike Tuchler, "officer of the
night," was armed .with a long stuffed
dub and wore a badge of authority that
covered his manly chest and hid his dia
mond. - . . : •
BOTrfrMTATTS OF AMEBICA
SOLD A JOYOUS REVEL
ConotabJc Gray Ola net get Into the Jans
bird cage without a struggle. When he
first sought admittance to - the premises
he was met at the door of the Jans dom
icile by Bert Hawk, a friend of the owner,
and a roomer in the house. Gray ac
quainted Hawk with his mission and dis
played his badge. Hawk would not allow
the officer to enter, and a fight followed,
Hawk being arrested.
The talking birds and the singing birds
were aviary mates. When Gray entered
the large wire cage, where the feathered
bipeds were confined and began to offi
cially grab the little yellow songsters the
6T<ien and gabby pollies set up a. swearing
tiialogrue that could be heard for two
blocks. While the verbal tirade lasted
Gray eays he was called more bad names
than have been applied to him since he
was born and he is now 35 years of age.
Gray became so aggravated and In
cens-ed at the profane and, garrulous par
rots that be "run them in" for Interfering
with an officer and conveyed them In a
patrol sack with the canaries to the City
i'rison, where they will be held until such
time as their mistress, Mrs. Mary Jans,
saiisfies the financial Judgment against
her.
ALA1IEDA, Jan. 25.-Oaths and vile
names hurled by a quartet of excited and
depraved parrots did not prevent Constay
fcle George Gray from taking a. flock of
canaries Into custody to-day on a writ of
execution at the home of Mrs. Mary Jans
on the corner of San Antonio avenue and
Oak street.
Object to His Removing
Pet Canaries From
Their Cage.
PARROTS SWEAR
AT A CONSTABLE
There were a. number of excellent
speeches. President Roosevelt, Postmas
ter General Payne, Senator-elect Gorman,
Senators Hanna, Platt of Connecticut,
Aldrich. Depew, General Wilson and Cap
tain Clark being among those who were
heard. The guests were composed of
prominent men In official life and the of
ficial world and included the President
of the United States, Secretary Wilson,
Postmaster General Payne, Senators Aid
rich, Clark of Montana, Depew, Dubols.
Hanna, Heitfelt. Kean. Lodge. Morgan,
Patterson, Platt of Connecticut and Scott,
ex,-Senators Carter of Montana and
Shoup of Tdaho: Representative Burk,
Cannon, Cowherd, Gordon; Generals
Miles. Corbln, Wilson and Crozier, U. S.
A-; Rear Admiral Melville, Captain Clark.
U. S." N.:- Charles S. Gleed, Santa Fe
Railroad; Governor N. O. Murphy, Ari
zona; M. E. Stone and Thomas F. Walsh
of Colorado.
General James H. -Wilson was presented
with a paper costume to wear as an Em
bassador to the coronation of King Ed
ward, and Captain Charles Clark, former
ly of the Oregon, the Embassador of the
navy, was given an ovation as a hero
over -whom there was no dispute.
"Senor Macaroni," Impersonated by a
member of the club, gave an exhibition
of wireless telegraphy pictures,* showing
in amusing cartoons a number of public
men and their close connections with the
recent events. The selection of a delega
tion to welcome Prince Henry affordd an
opportunity for more fun at the expense
of men who are prominent in public .life.
Reciprocity was given a hearing an-1 de
nied to all nations except Cuba and pre
sented to her in the form of a balloon,
which ascended to the celling as soon as
Cuba reached for it.
The menu was a newspaper, the "Yel
low Yawp," and a more sensational pa
per never has been issued in Washington.
xt was profusely illustrated and contained
many pertinent and impertinent allusions
to guests and public affairs. One of the
best features was a "country school," in
which a Gridiron class gave an exhibition
answerng questions upon various timely
topics which usually turned Into jokes
upon some of the guests.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— The black and
white flag of the Gridiron Club floated
over the Arlington Hotel all day and to
night the Washington correspondents
composing that organization assembled
beneath their emblem for the seventeenth
annual dinner.
It is of more than passing interest to
note that the Denver papers say that the
cyanide process is being discarded In Col
orado as a primary ore treatment : in the
leading gold district of the State. The
Denver News reports 'that where tho
process is used it is confined to the ex
traction of values from tailings, and even
in this limited field It plays a subordinate
role. The ¦> News says: : :"'
This Is' a rapid 'descent Bince 1894. when the
establishment of^theMorfat-Smlth olant near
Florence rave the Cripple Creek district tha
largest cvanide plant on the American con
tinent, and called attention to the Me Arthur-
Forrest oa tent , claims in South Africa, Au«
tralia, Mexico and this country. . The West
Australian Government to get rid of these
claims and the consequent Htieation paid the
McArthur-Forrest ; company $100,000. which
sum -it . recovered c In part - by . selling ; permits
to : the mills. ' Prior to its appearance in this
State onder. the direction of Philip Argall the
cyandlde process had won its spurs in South
Africa • and in' Utah. In the latter State the
sandstone ores of ¦..- the . Mercur district— old
Camp Floyd— proved | peculiarly favorable, : and
the gold was easily extracted without prelimin
ary roasting, v . But the ores of Mercur have
followed the example of the Cripple Creek ores
and as depth Is gained in the mines they have
becomes . more rebellious. -. so • that the prepara
tory roa«t is needed. -'-¦ The moment the latter
is called for. , chlorination— In the > best Colo
rado: practice— succeeds cyanide/ and the latter
must ait near tha door. A recent report d«-
Cyaniding in Colorado.
Since 1843 the annual product of gold has in
creased 654 per cent; silver. BOO per cent. The
price of gold has remained unchanged since
1725, while that of sliver has declined 54 per
cent »ince 1859. The amount of gold in ex
istence at the present time is estimated to be
$10,913,000,000 -and of silver $6,071,000,000,
making a total of the precious metals In ex
istence of $16,984,000,000, . an i increase since
1848 of $9,684,000,000. The annual product of
the preclou* metals has increased < from $94.
000,000 in 1848 to $454,000,000 in 1900. ¦ The
annual -product of ¦ gold has "increased from
2,782,237 ounces in 1848 to 17,932,437 in 1900.
The annual product of silver has Increased
during the same period from 31,000,000 ounces
to 186,000.000. Sliver has declined from $1 36
per ounce in 1859 to- 63 cents at the present
time. Its ratio to gold is thirty to one,, with
an increasing tendency.
The Review traces the progress of the
gold - output of i the world in the period
since 1843 .as follows:
1849, $10,151,360: 1850, $41,273,106: 1851;
$75,938,232: 1853, $67,613,487; 1854, $69,433,931;
1S55, $55,485,395.
The greatest year for gpld output, in
cluded In the table was, according to the
figures of Statistician Charles G. Yale,
1852, which produced a total of $81,294,700.
Here are Mr. Yale's conclusions concern
ing the output for a series of years in
the' early days In Californlai ,
Estimate of J. D. Whitney, $62,500,000: J.
Ross Browne. $57,830,034; J. Arthur. Phil
lips. $65,000,000; United States mining report,
$05,000,000: W. P. Blake. $54,965,000; L,. A.
Garoett, _ $67,613,487. , ¦ -
A special number of the Mining and
Engineering Review contains a review of
the mineral Industry of .California. The
number, is filled , with Information of
value and is handsomely Illustrated. A
table of statistics reviews the total pro
duction of gold, in California ! since 1848
according to different authorities. This
is extremely interesting because it shows
how at variance may be the views of
competent observers on the very inter
esting question of the actual gold pro
duction. Taking the year 1853 " for an ex
ample, these varying estimates are af
forded. The estimate follows:
Gold of California.
A large number of asbestos claims have
been located in the Siskiyou Mountains
near Applegate Creek and close to the
Oregon boundary. .. ¦ , -. . ¦ - .
The Etna Advance says that - the . Hid
den Treasure mine . on Boulder i Creek,
Slsklyou County, has been bonded by
John Russell, the owner, to, H. £». Mc-
Allister of Etna, who will begin to sink
on tbe ledge. The ore . Is base and must
be smelted. '
- A , new ledge is reported to have been
struck at the Cherry Hill quartz mine at
Cherry Creek, Slsklyou . County, by the
running of a tunnel at a depth of 500 feet.
The Placervllle Nugget reports that
work is proceeding at the Levitt mine in
Darl Canyon, two miles from Kelsey, El
Dorado County, under the direction of F.
Levitt of Los Angeles.
There are many people in Keswick who
laugh at the present situation as only a calm.
Tbe great .works are too .vast to be . allowed
to stay long idle, even in part. Keswick will
be a good smelter town fifty years from now.
Even Anaconda, Butte and Jerome have had
their calms for a ' month ¦ or so recently." but
in, each of them the. old activity has now re
turned. Keswick and Blsbee are now In an
eclipse that must be only temporary.
'The only thing that looks really blue about
the situation Is that no ore is coming down
from- tho mine. * The 'Mountain Copper Com
pany seems to know its own* business, 'and
knows also how to keep it to Itself. It asks
advice from no- one. pays It* own -bills and
doesn't take the public into its confidence.
¦ Three of the- four furnaces are kept running
and the new one has a fire in It The con
verters that have Just been completed at the
expense of thousands of - dollars are ' ready to
start. The matte roasters have been fired.
The stock of calcine is sufficient to keep all
the furnaces running for months.
According to the Redding Free Press,
no more ore is coming from the mine of
the Mountain Copper Company, at Iron
Mountain. The force of men has been
cut down and 100 men were dismissed in
one week. Only one train crew has been
running up on the mountain ¦ to the mine
in place of four when the mine was in
full blast. Six of the eleven MacDougalls
have been chut down. At the smelter, so
says the Free Press, there is evidence of
prosperity.
The Calaveras Citizen says that the
Beatrice Company Is preparing to ! work
on several properties | west of Angels
Camp. Much assessment work is being
done In that district. • The ' Tenderfoot
group of quartz claims is being prospect-^
ed, as are also the New Deal, Hidden
Treasure and Pauper's Dream properties,
all - of which are free gold propositions.
There is a revival of gravel mining at
Douglas Flat.
The shaft of the Argonaut mine, in
Amador County, has reached a depth of
2020 feet and sinking still continues, so
says the Amador Ledger. The opening up
of the Peerless property, on the north of
the Kirkwood mine, is reported to depend
upon the developments in the Kirkwood.
The Amador-Phoenix mine will cross-cut
for the ledge, at a depth of about 715 feet.
According to the Yreka Journal, a New
Jersey trust company has taken- a mort
gage of $100,000 on | mining claims along
Klamath River, below Happy Camp.
Numerous locations of mining claims have
been made in Slsklyou : County since the
beginning of the year. The cold weather
has again stopped mining to a great ex
tent by freezing .up the little creeks and
ditches. Lively. times are anticipated dur
ing the coming summer on the forks of
the Humbug on quartz ledges. According
to the Du'nsmuir News," the Tyrer Min
ing Company has started up a new stamp
mill with ten stamps. " . : • ' •
Preparing to Run.
When the mill at the Shawmut mine, in
Toulumne County, is completed 200 stamps
will be at. work. A large force is work
ing to install the mill. The Jumper, and
App mines are running on full-time, with
forty stamps pounding day and night.
The Star mine, which has been ¦ shut
down for some time, . will be started up
again. A bond on the Wheal-Perrin mine,
at Soulsbyvllle, has been taken by Hal.
J. Sisty. The shaft on the' Proudhommo
mine will be < sunk deeper. There is a
prospect that the California and New Era
mines, on the south side of the Toulumne
River, will be developed.
Once more the miners have taken heart
on account of. the recent' rains, with
which came some snow in the mountains.
But there . is still less snow .than the
miners would like' to see. , The scarcity
of water is indicated ; by a record kept at
Angels Camp, Calaveras County, where
only 1L33 Inches of rain fell during the
season up- to January 17, as against a
total of 20.33 inches for the corresponding
season of 1901. While the claims are be
ing worked generally on the mother lode,
a short season is threatened.
"They would be glad to come in as a
State or a Territory or under the military
authority— almost any way in order to
come under the authority of the United
States."
Continuing on this topic Colonel Bliss
said he thought commercial union with
Cuba would postpone political union. | Per
sonally he was not convinced of the wis
dom of annexation. The feeling in Cuba
was one of readiness to accept any con
ditions thelUnited States might impose.
Asked whether there was much poverty
and distress among the Cubans Colonel
Bliss said there was not. But the con
dition was like that of a bank about to
break and the people did not know what
would become of them three months
hence. •' ' i. . ' . ,
Lewis Place, head of the Cuban dele
gation made a statement controverting
the claim that the reciprocity movement
was instigated by the United States sugar
interests and contending that the Cubans
bad -long urged and expected these con-
Mendoza. also of the Cuban delegation,
added the statement that the Platt
amendment had been accepted by Cuba
on assurances from the late President Mc-
Kinley that his Influence . woujd ¦ be ex
erted with Congress to secure economic
concessions for the island. These as
surances were relied on. Mendoza said,
and without their execution the Platt
amendment would, bring, no advantage to
Cuba. The Cuban hearing then went over
until Tuesday, when the beet sugar men
and several Cubans will be heard. _
"I think a great majority of the Cubans
are ready to come in," Colonel . Bliss re
plied.
"As a Territory or a State?" asked
Newlands.
"Are the Cuban people prepared to come
into political relations with the United
States?" i :
In opening his statement he . said his
knowledge of the sugar business was con
fined to that of an observer 'in an official
position dealing with the trade of Cuba.
This had led him to hope that if there
was any change in tho tariff It would be
such an adjustment as would thrcV into
the hands of the United States the. large
amount' of Cuban trade now taken by for
eign countries. ¦• . • •
Speaking first of the condition of the
CuDan sugar industry he said it was
greatly depressed. He estimated the
sugar industry of the island at $200,000,000
and said about three-fourths of the peo
ple were dependent in one way or another
on the sugar industry.
•Chairman Payne asked Colonel Bliss to
specify - what advantages the United
States could gain from Cuba and Payne
also called attention to the low tariff rate
Cuba imposed against the United States.
Colonel Bliss said the average ad valorem
rate was about 21 per cent and he pre
sented tables designed to show how. a
tariff readjustment could throw practical
ly all of the Cuban trade into the hands
of American producers. He also sub-,
mitted a list of articles on which a dif
ferential of about 33 per cent, favorable
to the United States as -against other
foreign countries, would give us the trade.
Representative . Newlands of Nevada
suggested that without our political con
trol of Cuba there might be servile labor
to compete with American labor. He
added: •
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.-Colonei Las
ker Bliss, the United States, army officer,
detailed as collector., of ! customs at Ha
vana, was before tbe \ Ways and Means
Committee to-day concerning Cuban re
ciprocity. . .
A correspondent of the Los Angeles
Herald writes from Los Alamos that work
in the Carreaga field Is Interrupted be
cause of the lack of tankage sufficient
to accommodate the producing wells. Two
wells are overflowing and the oil Is going
to waste. ¦¦. -
F. B. Henderson has been made the
agent of the' Associated Oil Company at
Bakersfield. He has begun the discharge
of his duties at that point.
The Monte Crlsto Oil Company has pur
chased a large amount of small pipe for
the purpose of using the gas that comes
from its wells. It is supposed that there
Is enough gas escaping to supply three
boilers. .
Eleven wells are being- drilled at Ful
lerton on the Santa Fe land and other
wells are also in progress. Development
Is going on constantly at Fullerton.
The project ¦ is under discussion at
Bakersfleld of the organization of a clear
ing-house for the benefit of companies in
the Kern River district that continue out
side of the Associated Oil Company. C.
E. Young, secretary of the Oil Exchange,
is corresponding on that subject with tbe
owners of oil wella. - \ '
The Reed Crude Oil Company has announced
that on or b'fore February 10 a dividend o£
2% per cent will be paid to stockholder*.
Since Joining the Associated Oil Company the
management of the Reed - Crude Company be
lieves It sees its pay to paying good dividends
for ' some time, and announces that as soon
as the bonds of tbe combine have been assigned
tho Reed Crude will pay' a dividend of prob
ably 7 per cent. This may be some time* In
May . or June next. " ¦ ,* . ..'
The Bakersfleld Calif oralan says:
Colusa County, Chehalls Oil, Williams OH,
Bear Valley Oil, Herron Oil, Smith- & Gorrill,
Minor Oil. Hammond & Butters.
The first effect of the 'formation, of the
Associated Oil Company and Jits actual
opening for business is Just what the pro
motors of the enterprise hoped for. Prices
for .oil under contract have risen. One
contract nae been placed for 50,000 barrels
of oil at thirty-five cents per barrel. : This
is the best price obtained since last
spring. The companies In . the , combine
are pleased. The showing: Is an excellent
argument for the companies that are still
outside. Tha - party - taking g the oil -at
thirty-five cents per barrel- formerly had
a contract for fifteen cents per barrel
with - one of the companies ¦ that has be
come a part of the greater organization.
j t According to the Los Angeles - Herald
the majority of the stock of the California
Standard and Giant Oil companies has
been placed -in -escrow pending the con
summation of a deal by > which the prop
erty will pass into the hands of the syn
dicate that ..has purchased .the Market
street Railway. The stock goes at titty
and sixty cents. <;
An electric line is proposed at Los An
geles to run from Sespe to the Devils Gate
in Ventura County, passing through the
Sespe Canyon. An application has been
made for a franchise. Power is procur
able from Sespe Creek, which has a fall
of ten feet. The road would furnish an
outlet for the territory of the several com
panies that have large land holdings in
Ventura County.
The best grade of fuel oil In the Lod
Angeles field is reported to be quoted at
forty to fifty cents per barrel at the wells.
Jewett & Blodgett may lay a pipe line to
accommodate owners of oil properties in
the northern part of the Sunset district.
There is also some talk that the railroad
line will be extended. One plan might sst
aside the other.
The Colusa Independent reports that the
following - companies are drilling in the
vicinity of Colusa.
President Roosevelt and Many
Prominent Men the
. Guests.
Figures on Contract Show
Growing Strength of
Market
Owners Are Making Beady
to Increase Their Fa
- cilities.
Question of Reciprocity En
gages Attention at
Washington.
Colonel Bliss Gives In
* formation to Con
, gressmen.
Gridiron Club of Wash
ington Gives Its
Annual Dinner.
Late Precipitation Has
Reawakened Hope
f for Season.
Situation.
Entrance of Combine in
Field Improves'
WITS THRUST
AT STATESMEN
MINERS WATCH
RAIN RECORDS
ARMY OFFICER
TELLS OF CUBA
PRICE OF OIL
MOVES UPWARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1902.
35
' BATLVAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.!
Tratma list* nn.l »r« 4n l» «rrl«* •» j
- - ¦' NAN riUXCIHdl. ;
(Main Lhie. Foot ol ftarket Strart.) ;
MATB — TltOM DlCMIBBt g. HOL — AJUtTTB
7iO«a Ban Ida. Suiiun, Elmii* aad Saerv
manto St53»
?t««A V*e»TlUe. WfetotmTBumsey 7iM»
?<S«AMarUnsz,SauUkaioa.VaUe]o.Kapa.
Callatoga and Santa Rosa «;33»
1:00a Davis. Woodland. Knlgnts Laadiag,
UujiTtlle, OiotUla. 7i5.lt
¦tOO» Atlantic Kxpreis— Ogdra and Kul SiSSa.
•tOttA Niles. Lathrop. Stockton 7i33»
' •lOOANUem. Msndota. Hanford. VisaUa,
SiMa Bhssta Expre«»— Daiis, Williimj (for
Bwtlatt Bprinn). Willows, Bad
Bluff. Portland 7lM»>
••••* Ban Jose.. Liintmore, Stockton,
' lone. Baorminenlo, Plassitlils, .
Mftrrs'llla. Chlco. Kad UliilT 4i33»
¦tSOA Oakdale. Chinese, Sonera, Tuohimns 4:SSv
•i«Oa Hayward. Nile* and Way BUUous.. 1 Ii13a
tiOOAVaUejo liO3»
•i«O* Los Annla* Express — alarttnes,
Traey. Latlirop. Htoekton. Meroad
Fre.no aud Loa Angeles 7i33*.
*iS« a Vallojn. Marttnes an<t Way Stations ~:."»3*
I «(«u a Tha Orarland Limited— Ogdan. Dea- ¦
»er, Omaha. Chicago StSSs*
fliOOp Saoraintuto Illtar Steamers......... tH-OU*
SiMUr Benlcla. Winters. fiaeramento. :
WixxlianJ. Kiilkiits landing.
MarysTill*. Oroflll* I0:33a
•<S»r Hajward. M lies and Way Stations.. 7iSSa>
4iOOr Martlnas, Han IUuou. Vallojo.
N»P% (J»l!«toga. Hitnta Itoga I»i33»
4t00r NUes, Lifennoru, 8tockton, Lodl... ISi33»
4iat»pHajw»rd. Nll6«,Han J(ne, LiTfrmoro tS>3*A
«:aof Tha Owl Umltad — Fresno, Talma.
Bakermfleld. Haiia'w (or SauU Bar-
bara. Los Aoeele* SiSSa.
»««•» Port Ooata, Tracy. Lattocp. Stockton I»t23*
9*9*r Maxtinfx..AnUoch, Btookton, Uef
oed. Frwno 1»i3S»
•toop Hay ward, Kllea and San Jom..;.... 7<33a,
t«i*Op Vallejn 11)23*
*Ji«Ur Oriental M*II— Ojjd»o, Dearnr.
Omaha. Bl Loula, Chicago 4»3*»
TlCOr Oref on and California ICipren.Hao-'
ranieuh>. Mirjstlll*. Kediltug,
Purtlaml. I'uget Hound ami Kni »t33*
liOSrSan Pablo, Port C'oita, Maitlnes
and Hay Stations 1I-23*
tSra5pValli.fr, 7iS3»
COAST LJNE (Narreir «ange).
(Foo>cm»rkat3treal.>
' •*ISANewark,Osntertul«.HanJoM,ralton,
Boulder Cnek.Sauta Onn and Way
SteUoua 3'3«»
fSJtl >r Newark, Caatarrilla, San .lose, "Saw i
Mmt&ao. r»ltoa. Itonldar Oreek.
Bauta Uxiu and l'llnolpal Way
Stations in».i»*
iiJip Newark, flan Joae. Us Gatos tS>30*
«».3or Hunters' Train— San Jom and Way
Stations t7.»a*>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SA3 rillCISTO— Ion of aarklt Strwt (Slip 8)—
t7:15 8:00 ll:00».U. 1:03 3:03 B:13p.«.
friaOAIUIB— fMl.iBrudwiT.— 1«:00 {8:00 t3H9
10:00i.ii. 12.03 8.03 1:03 r.w.
COAST LINE (nrna.l Oanga).
(Third xnd Townseml SU)
OiI»a Ban Jo««and Way NUUona.. ....... «>4»*
7:«0* Hau Joss ami Way SUtlotM fS:fl«>>
/7i«»A N«w thftim / *8l«»
• iOOA.Co«st Llna Limited — San Jos*.
GUr»y. Salhiaa, San Lois Obispo.
Santa. Barbara. Loa Angelra and
principal intermediate 5t*tion».... 10:410
•>00a Han Jote. Tres I'iuos. Hunt* (.'tin,
Padtle (iro*«, r-allnas. Han Lois
. Otriipo ami Principal luteraedUta
Sutioiis 4il*a>
. 1OiS*a Saa Joae and Way Stations. H:3«a>
1 1 1 3O a Han .1 nan »ml \V:» j H U timis 'J ; 1 »A
IS: tar San Mateo. lledwoori. Menlo Park. k ,->
Talo Alto. HanU Clara. Han .]«««.
• Tres Finos, Santa Urns, Salinas,
Monterey an«l radio d'rnva. |IO:43a
S:3«r Han Joae and Way Stations. !«:»«•»
i4:ISp San Juie ami PriiiRipal WayKUtimia 3<U0»
ataor Sunset I imited— Mondays, Wedara-
days. Friday*, for Los Angelea. El
Pa»o New Orleans and New York.
Arrires Run days. Tuesdays and
Thursday 10:13a
<3:00r 3»n Jos«. Loa Gatos and Princlpat
Way Stationn.... I9:UOa
Bi.tOp 8an Jose ami Principal Way Stations O:3Ov
¦ tiMrSti. Josvwnl War StaHona 7s3«9
7iOOr New Orleans Exprma — Pan Lola
Obispo, Santa Barhara, Lna An-
eeles. D mlng. El Paso, New Or*
- leim and E*st.. 7i3w4
fll>43r>3an .lo«»»inl Way Stations 7>3wf
A for MorntiiE P for Afternoon
t HiuKtay ezcei>ted. t f^uuAur only
'_« Saturday only. / Tnrrd >y« and TrltTaya^
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Dally JDaily
Lv.- San Fran 7:20 a 9:0Oa 8:00p 4:2Op
Ar. Stockton 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 0:11 p
" Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 8:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalla;.. 3:39 p 5:00a
'.• Bakersfd 6:15 p 3:20 p 7:45 a.......
~ Kan.Clty 2:40 a 7:30a
" Chlcago..| f 2:15 p| 9:00 pj
a for morning p for afternoon.
9:00 a. rn. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace ' Sleeping; Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. dally
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. -
CALIF OfiNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. C(X
LESSEES
m FRANCISCO ANd tiOrtfi. PACinJ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of lvia.rK.et SC '
Gam Frans!jK«> ia baa KafaoL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:ay, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00 »:3O, 11:00 a. m.; l:3O. 3:30.
. S:0O, 6:20 p. in.
oua ituiat to « v an Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— <J:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40. 6:15 p. m. ¦ Saturdays — Extra
trips 'at 1:55 and <i:M p. m.
SUN OA1!S— 8:10. »:4W. 11:10 a. nx; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m. j
Leavo I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 28, lPOlj San Francisca
Week I Sun- I ., j Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination j days. | Days.
7:3Uam s:lHjam| Novato, 10:4«am s:toam
3:30pm 9:30ami PeUluma, 6:00pm lo :25am
5:10pm 5:0Opm[Santa. Roaa. T:3b»m 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am ' • Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm « :20pm
7 -30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
1 -30am ' • " 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 1 S :00am Sonoma 0:15am S:40ain
and
5:10pm( S:0Opm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40am|10.25am
3:30pm{ 6:00pm| Sabastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marl:
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs.; at
Fulton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdal« for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsey-
vllle Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
and 'Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley"s,
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights. HullvUle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort . Bragg, ¦
Westport Usal, Wllllts. Laytonrllle. Cummina.
Bell"s Sp'rtngs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -
- Ticket office, -650 Market street. Chronic!*
¦u«ding. WHITI^ Oj R x RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
WOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- - s . 4 .«» _»rf, -»_.««_ Sun- Week
9-30 A. 8:00 a. TrtOTta , u.^. u 1M l.OO P. Xio A.
| l:15r. *• «•.:*••*»¦»• -I*. , F
• »•*•, 3m FnMbra to Svantt u>4 Satan. n«. -
dkatOOna, «tl HUOIT ST&EXT ud SACSAUIQ 7X3SX.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
pTTsTliAYf YARJ AifTlALLEJ]
Steamsn GSN. FRI33U or MOSTICELLO
- 9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, Q p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. -7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 5u
cents. Telephone Main 1508.' Landing -and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. . HATCH
Bnos.
107 POWELL ST.HCAI.ELLIS Z5£ 5056
«>hanahan Florist Co.
%< - / ./ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
OCEAN TTR-AVRTi. . .
Pacifio Coast Steamship Co.
' i_ Steamers leave Broadway
Hk. Wharf. San Francisco:
WafegeW For Ketchikan. Juneau,
fPib! n, k r/an'. e & $*¥$ £
|SsJ5g«Val Change to company s steam-
JeeaPS**&1 era at Seattle.
#*»*«S£&PRJ For Victoria. Vancouver.
V- Port Townaend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, New Whatcom
—11 a, m.. Jan. 26, 31. Feb, 5. pang* »*
Seattle to this company's steamers for AlasKa
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. r.
Ry.; at Vancouver.' to C. P. Ry. ¦ ,
For Eureka (Humboldt BayJ— 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 27. Feb. 1. . „ . t.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port' Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San 81meon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San.
Luis Oblapo), •Gavlota, Santa Barbara, ven-
tura,Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro ana
•Newport ('Bonita only);
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Jan. 26. Feb. 3.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 30. Feb. 7.
. For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ¦ •
For further information obtain folders.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sall-
TICT^iT "(ViPTTCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). . 4 •
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
.10 Market st.. San • Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
—TO— "
PORTS IN_ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60 Including meals and berth for the
round trip on board the Padflo Coast S. 8.
Co.'. .teamer CURACAO, ealling from San
Frandisco February 7, March 7, April 7. Du«
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Ensenada. Magdalena
Bay, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La
! Paz Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymas
by rail. For further particulars Inquire at
Ticket Office. ¦* New Montgomery st.. or 10
Market st.. Sun Francisco.
Special Fxcursions
TO THE :
Hawaiian Islands.
February 15, February 27 and March 8.
Fares from $150. All Expenses Included.
For programmes and reservations I .
THOS. COOK & SON,
621 Market st., San Francisco.
o/?&Af.ca
Only SteamaHlp Xiluo to
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Shop* Rail Line fem Portland to all
points Cast. Through Tickets, to all
- poinr«.-»*' r^" *»- Ktcnrn-'hlp »n«i rail, at
XiO"w;ejst luxorKs.
STEAMER TICKETS NCLUDE BEP.Td tad MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails 1
:Jan. I*. 24; Feb. 2. 13. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
.- Jan. 18. 28: Feb. 7. 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear at.. 11 a.- m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Montg'y. S.F.
jTOYOKiSE^KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
, Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
> nectlns at Hongkong- with steamers - for India,
etc. No .cargo received on board on day of
galling. ' ' ¦"¦• •¦ ¦-. - ¦ '--
; SS. HONGKONG MARU.... ....I..
[ -- Thursday. January 30th. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU....
; Tuesday. February 25th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU ,
Friday, March 21st. 1902
Round-trip, tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
r-n-U? W.;H. AVERY. General Agent."
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON/ LOf DO*. PABI3.
Etoping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Ixrats Feb. PlSt. Louis Feb. 2«
Philadelphia ...Feb. 12 Philadelphia ...Mar. 5
St. Paul .Feb. lOlSt. Paul .Mar. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kensington ....Feb. BlFrlesland Feb. 28
Zeeland Feb. 12 South wark ...;. Mar. 9
Haverford . Feb. 1!*| Vaderland Mar. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R. £ K ?
TO NEW YORK VIA ?mV\ DI3E3F.
Cabin, S105; Ste«ras*. 9*0; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll ~ *nlli .Wednesday, Jan. 29
6. S. Leclannw fall* Fri J iv. Feb. 7
t>. 6. Argyll frU<* Thursday. Mar. 13
From Harrison-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
. F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACfflO STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud AmeriG? a % Vanom
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, ' Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m. .
TUCAPEL Feb. 6 PALENA .... Feb. 28
-GUATEMALA. -Feb. 15 COLOMBIA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen Agents.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
I land and Sydney.. Thurs.. Feb. 6. 10 a " m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Feb. 15, '02, 2 p. m.
i. D.5MECXELS k 68CS. Ctt, Itanrsi Agents. 327 Harsc! St
W\ Passenger Otis, 6(3 H Jrkst St., liar do. 7. FaciSc St
COJII"1GNI3 CENSaALT TP.AN3ATLANTIQCS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ' •
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of V*tfVT\w
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. <3rtJHaCSl
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA, 32 " Broadway (Hudson- building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
EAUWAY TBAVEL: -
NORTH PACIFIC CCAST RAILROAD;
.Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 29 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO mZll VALLEY
. AND SAN RAFAEL. Y<a^ i^ x
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, »9:aO, 11:00 s, m
•1:45, 8:15. 4:15. 5:15. '6:15, 6:45 p B *
K3iTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and" San
Rafael on Mondays, - Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.- . ..
SUNDAYS— »8:0O, •10:00. ni:30 a. m. n'-lk
3:16 *4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p.m. . .* '. *•
• Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FR V°E i E rgAls^^2\^27 S^45 F^^ 0 C^
a nT. •12:25. 2:15. -3:35. 4:40. 5:30 pV"
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. 3U "**
SUNDAYS— «:15. »8:00. »10:00. ni:45 a. m.
•1:40 »3 :15. 4:45. *6:30 p. m. "" m "-
- Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55 lo-Si
a m. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. &«10 p. m. • "
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2*13
3:30, 5:00.-6:45 p. m. "•
¦ THROUGH TRAINS.
-6:65 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. , -,¦ > -.•-¦
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. — . — \
• 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. .
-•-Legal Holiday boats and trains 'will run on.
Sunday time.
CTTuneral Sunday, at 1 o'clock, from hit
late residence. 1151 Valencia street. Funeral
private. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
C7"Tbe funeral will take place to-day
(P-.snday). from the residence of her son.
4177 Army street. Funeral and interment
Btrirtly private.
TYXHR— In Pan Jose. Cal., January 24, 1902.
Richard Gelling Tyner, M. D.. a former resi-
dent of San Francisco, a native of Ireland,
ared 49 years.
TV ATKINS — In this city. January 23. 1902.
Julia, beloved wife of Samuel 'Watkins,
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Gertrude
Boyle, and sister of Mrs. Hannah Morris of
Eureka, Nev.. a native of England, aged
42 years. (Eureka. ICev.. papers please copy.)
EyFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
tSunday). at 1:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of tbe United Undertakers. 27 and 28 Fifth
etreet. thence to St. Patrick's Church for ser-
vices at 1:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
In this city. January 23, 1902.
Friedrich. beloved huaband of L4n» Wickert.
and father of Mrs. William Schaefer and
Hienrich Friedrich and Emilie Wickert. a
native of Germany, aged 65 years 4 months
and 13 daya.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 20. l»02. at 2 o'clock, at Napa City.
Remain* *hlpped to Napa City from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 638 Washing-
tea etreet.
liKILLY — In this city, January 24. 1902, Wll-
".am J beloved son of the late William and
Bridget Reilly. and brother of Mrs. A. Twy-
1 ford Mr*. M. Cunha and Mrs. K. McAfee, a
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 7
- months and 20 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are reBpect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morro*r
¦ <Mo"nflay). a-t 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his "sister. Mrs. A. Twyford, 422»4 Ivy
avenue, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
hrated for the repose of bis soul, commenc-
ing: at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EHEAHAN— In this city, January 24, 1902,
Bridget, beloved mother of John Eheahan. a
native of Ireland.
Pefiro and Annie 8. Pedro, and brother of
Tony E.. ManueL Annie and Julia Pedro,
Mrs. Man' Franz, Mrs. Emily Chapman and
Mrs. Maggie Lemon, a native of Colfax.
Placer County. Cal.. aeed 23 years.The Prime Minister of '¦ Holland, Dr.
Abraham Kuyper, has i broken the record
by 'being the first doctor of divinity and
preacher to hold that position. ,
Merrily Going- On
Is the manufacturer's sale of shoes To
morrow there will be on sale 1000 pairs of
ladles' and men's 52.50 shoes for SI no
This Is a brand new lot,* all sizes, latest
styles. This will be a banner day for
shoes. Everybody can be shod by com
ing to the Bee Hive shoe sale, 717 Market
street, near Third. •
A Coroner's Jury returned a verdict of
death by accident yesterday in the. case
of Barry Baldwin Jr., who was asphyx
iated at his -home, 2945 Washington street
on January 15. The principal witnesses
were George Van Norden and John R.
Balrd.
Van Norden, who said he worked around
the racetrack, testified that on the even
ing previous to the day on which Bald
win's body was discovered he accompa
nied Mr. Baldwin home at his request,
the last named naving informed the wlt
x-ess that he expected some trouble. John
R. Balrd was on the doorstep, and Bald
win said to him, "You can't come in
here." Baird replied: "I want to go in;
it is not your house; it is my sister's
house." Then Baird and Baldwin clinch
ed and the witness ran up and separated
them. He requested both men to go into
the house, and- they did so. Baldwin was
not under the influence of liquor. AftT
the witness got home Baldwin telephoned
for him, but 'the witness' folks did not
know that he was borne and therefore did
not notify him.
"Many, many times," continued the wit
ness, "Mr. Baldwin said to me, 'Some day
I'll go by the gas route.' "
The witness and Barry had three or
four drinks together on the afternoon of
the 14th. closing their conviviality with a
pint bottle of champagne. ...
John; R. Balrd. brother-in-law of the
deceased, testified that on the evening of
the alleged altercation he, the witness
was notified by telephone that Mrs. Bald
win, his sister, and her husband wished
Adler & Sons of CTbicag'o, Manufac
turers of Men's Fine Clothine.
Had not stated too much in praise of their
goods when writing a personal letter to
Mn H. Lesser. Well, the clothing that is
now being unpacked is really .the hand
somest and of the most beautiful patterns
that- has ever come to this coast Yester
day four large trucks brought ¦ from the
depot this elegant stock of clothing. The
suits are made of all-wool storm serge,
Scotch tweeds, clay worsted, fancy chev
iots, Oxford gray, .round and square cut,
single and double breasted sacks— swell
suits. The overcoats>. are in melton,
covert, kersey, in tan, blue and black and
olive; winter ¦ length and weight;-, stylish
tailor made. No manufacturer. East ¦ has
a better reputation than Adler'& Sons of
Chicago for good clothing. Their/ salts
and overcoats were made -to be retailed
for $20. The Lyceum will sell . them for
only $4.85 a' suit., -It is worth your while
to wait these few days, for elegant is the
stock of clothing, as you will" all see
when the sale begins, which will be; on
Thursday, for it will -surely, take that
long to get everything ; in order for such
a large sale as. this is going to be at the
Lyceum, 915 Market St., opposite Mason.*
The following resignations of officers' in
the Guard have been accepted:- Second
Lieutenant Fred M. Maulsby, Company C,
Fifth Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel Wal
ter S." Martin, ald-de-camp on, the staff of
the commander, in chief;' Captain- H. ; T.
Bennett. Company F, - Fifth v Infantry:
Captain M. J. Burke, Troop C, cavalry.
Brigadier General C. F. A. Lastj-havlng
reported from leave. of absence,, has re
sumed command of : the -First t Brigade.
Colonel John R. Berry, having > reported
for duty, after, leave of absence; has re
sumed command of the Seventh Infantry.
Leave of absence for ninety days, with
permission , t o . leave the . State. f< has J been
granted, to. First Lieutenant > William/.: E.
W^ w r ' ¦ C *°- ln S ai i? r F - F1 J s t Infantry. Ma
iZ n W a Wm # ? obl ee. surgeon; sanitary
corps. Seventh and Lieutenant
; Sv?e£ e # ow w rd xT commanding the third
tZSl 2 .?* the Naval, Militia, .have been
f ZVZ «^ aves ." of absence for forty-five
t a £? ; o "V d £ rln s ; the > latter's i absence
iiSK^ni'w F , rank L.. Sargent,' junior
grade, will be in command. • ,
tWIili 6 a ? p l?nf . to be renewed interest in
o™£ a ? a U M1 J itla> J^&lng fromthe In
creased attendance. ¦ Last week the first
T ii L ifl ' o^i nder J ' com mand ; of Lieutenant
7?ll d \* ?i p ? ed el shteen ; men, and Itis
t^ d f hat at the ' meeting next.Tues
fe^ w en P T mor e will . be ¦ posted ¦ on tho
berth deck. Lieutenant Harloe, command-
- Adjutant General Stone. of the. National
Guard of California has entered upon tho
discharge of the duties. of the office and
will proceed to Sacramento.
Attendance Shows Re
newed Interest in .
; Naval Militia: j;
Jurors Say Barry Bald
win Did Not Kill
Himself.
DECLARE DEATH
WAS ACCIDENTAL
*° see him. When he got to the house
Baldwin was on the sidewalk. - about
twenty feet away, talking with Van Nor
den and another man. .
f Barry- said: "I don't want you to go
In, Jack; I want to talk to you." The
witness. replied, "I'll go in first." and then
Baldwin, caught hold of him. Just then
Van Norden . staggered up the stairs
drunk, missed his- footing when he got
Vi th< v, t0 £ a . nd rolled down to the "bottom.
Mrs.' Baldwin came to the door at that
moment and said: -"That's Van Norden;
he Is v the -cause of all the. trouble with
Barry. She told the witness that Van
Isorden used to pass the house every
morning at 3 o'clock and ring the door
bell, and complaint was made to the po
lice about it. The witness did not think
that Barry had been drinking very much.
J. Early. Craig testified that he had been
Baldwin's intimate friend and legal ad
viser for seven years, and that Baldwin
was always of a cheerful disposition. ¦
RESIGNATIONS
OF GUARDSMEN
_ HEAVY SENTENCE FOR BAHKint
*ft-iS£&£fT§Sg'& §• IBS
?&?• Watkin?H. Koraeck and IX M?I
hour! DancIn S kept up until a Ut»
MERRY DANCERS
AT BARN BALL
Lebenbaum's : Employes
Mingle in an Unique
Entertainment.'
Employes of L. Lebenbaum ¦& Co. gave
a barn dance last night at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s- i Hall. . The feature, apart . from
the sprightly ' dancing, was the costumes
of the participants in the revelry. Texans
ln top boots and Prince Alberts, cowboys
just from tha prairies, Denraan . Thomp
sons . from away down East, Simple S1-.
mons -with the old oaken bucket, blue
jeans lads galore and tramps of the style
of Old Hoss Hoey danced with coy maid
ens from the village,' sedate ma'ams from
the way back parochial schools, austere
mistresses of the homesteads and pert,
saucy hoidens from the fields and the
orchards. It only needed the lowing cows
and the other inhabitants of the farm
yard to make the barn dance of last night
perfectly realistic. - .--:..,... ..
The employes of Lebenbaum & Co. have
had many entertainments, picnics and
dances, outing and socials, but the barn
dance was voted the- best of all. The
music, rendered by a* clever- amateur or
chestra under the direction of Herbert G.
\V. Meyerfeld, rendered some, of the, very
latest dance numbers,' while ln one of the
anterooms there was , an impromptu con
cert. •': - ¦' ¦ ' ¦-¦.'¦. ..." '
1 The following -were among thosu pres
ent: \ . .. -i-
Mr. -' and : Mrs. J. : Meyerfleld. Mr." ' and Mrs.
Henry Roth, Mr. and Mrs. W.' Berffland. - Mr.
and Mrs. W. B. Clarke. Mr.* and Mrs. H. ¦Wat
kins, Mr. and Mrs. J. ' Neele, • Mr. and Mrs.
Randolph. Mr. and : Mrs. Kollige. Mr. and
Mrs. Korneck. Mrs. M. Fairchild. Mrs.
W.i Wolf. Mrs. J.' Gabriel, Misses Miriam Mey
erfield. - . Rosla ' Lebenbaum, J. Groescher, - 11.
Lot and Improvements, southwest side of
Seventh street, E0 feet northwest of Howard
60x125 feet, with ell 25x50 to Natoma $20 000*-
Mrs. C. J. Prlnele to T. B. Pilippe. lot 25x120
with Improvements, on the north eide of Post
60 feet west of Larkin, for $10,000; northwest
corner A6hbury and Halght, 32:6x100 feet.
$5500; lot 20x100 on the west side of Ashburr
137:6 feet south of Page, $3300; northwest cor
ner of Carl and Clayton, 25x100 • bought by c
A. Fabian from the Pacific Improvement Com
pany for $2500; John A. Hoots to Margaret A.
Bullard. new house and lot 30:6x137:6 on the
south side of Filbert street, 80 feet 'west of
Brodertck. $37^0; lot 25x100 on the north side
of Waller, 159 feet east of Shrader. for $2000
cottage and lot 26x68:8. 235 Noe street for
$2100; 6. A. Born to Eustace Culllnan. lot aud
! m ? r^' elnent * 10S1 Castro street, for $3100- lot
27:6x80 on the southeast corner of Cole and
MSjSfc for $2 I M .=, to Mr »- Emm * Christoffer
lot 25*3.00 on east side of Stanyan. 112:6 south
of Page street, for $3250; lot 25x100 with two
flats on the west side of Stelner, 50 south of
Sj^S, wlch^ J m $ *250: to Helen C. Diron lot
B2xl25 on the southeast corner of Church and
Twenty-second streets, for $2300; for Julia
Bchary to Charles Cuneo, lot 33:9x137 6 with
three flats, on the north *lde of Green 137-«
west of Powell street, for $8000; cottage with
Crl^ior**^ SanCheZ " b ° U * ht by Joha
It la reported that $100,000 Is the purchase
price paid for tbe three lots which adjoin the
Congregational church, situated at the corner
of Hill and Sixth streets. The buyer Is as
yet unknown, his name being withheld for
the present; however. It is a certainty that
it Is some local investor. This proDerty in
question was recently purchased by Judge
Silent. It has a frontas« on Sixth street of
264 feet and on Olive street of 150 feet and
is highly Improved with som« beautiful resi
dences.
Lyon & Iloagr report the following sales
made within the last two weeks:
Henry E. Bothin will erect three stores
and six flats on Polk street, near Jack
eon, the cost of which is estimated at
$18*000.
The Los Angeles Journal says of a
large transaction ln Los Angeles:
Montell Taylor will put.up a three-story
flat and apartment house building on the
southeast corner of Bush street and Chel
sea "lace at a cost of $20,000.
Rudolph Meyer will erect a three-story
dwelling on the east line of Devlsadero
street, between Pine and California, to
cost $6300.
John T. Doyle will build a three-story
and basement structure on tho north
west corner of Summer and Spring
streets.
Julia. Zwcig will build a $30,000 structure
on the north line of Sutler street, 207:2^
feet west from Powell, to contain five
stories and basement.
An apartment house of four stories will
be erected by Leslie Wright on the north
line of Pine street upon a lot recently
bought by him, the estimated cost being
?75,ouO.
The American Can Company will build
two warehouses, each two stories high,
on the northeast corner of Seventh and
Townsend streets, the total cost of which
is estimated at $45,000.
Buildings Projected.
Joseph Meyer has bought from the Ho
bart Instate Company 50x122:6 oa the east
line of Mission street, 185 feet south from
Fifteenth, for $15,750.
'j.ue northwest corner of Sansome and
Green streets has been deeded • to Mau
rice V. Samuels by James Otis and others
lor $16,000.
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. have sold for
the George Gibb Company the southwest
corner of Howard and Spear streets. 91:8x
137:6. for $52,500.
Northwest corner of Harrison and Langton
etreets. with two stores, bake oven, eight flats
and house of 8 rooms, the lot being 85x80 feet;
Fouthweet corner of McAllister street and
Parker avenue, 52:3»ixlO<J feet; lot 20x«5 feet
on the northeast line of Eighth street, 105 feet
northwest from Harrison; lot 22:6x80 feet, with
two flats, on the west line of Madison avenue,
£75 feet south from Harrison street;- northeast
corner of Xoe and Liberty streets. 57x105 feet;
lots in the Silver Terrace Homestead, on the
•west line of Potrero avenue, 250 feet north from
Helena street; unimproved properties on Bernal
Heights; store and lot on the east line of Mis
sion street, 100 feet south from West avenue,
the lot beins 25x100 feet; lot 25x85 feet on the
southwest line of Juniper street, 250 feet south
east from Harrison, ¦with four flats; southeast
•corner of Mission road and Oliver street.
On Tuesday next Easton. Eldridge &
Co. will auction from a long catalogue,
which has upon It offerings as follows:
Auction Offerings.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold fifty
acres on the Napa River, near Napa City,
for M. Marsh to M. J. Kerwin for $1Q.OOO,
and also 830 acres of grain and pasturage
land about eight mtles from. MlMken, in
Stanislaus County, for J. \Y. Cummlngs
to A. B. Lucas for $24,000. the property
including buildings and an orchard.
XortLeast corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Fillznore street, 45x90. with three-story build
ing, containing etore and flats, for Dr. B. W.
Price to Edward E. Cook, for J27.25O; lot 27:6
3O20, with a three-story flat building, on the
south line ol Eddy street, 110 weet from Frank
lin, from D. Abrams to E. K. Clarke, for
$19,000; ten-room residence and lot 25x137:6,
on the north line of Eddy street, 137:6 west
from Leavenworth. by W. F. and Mabel • K.
Hopkins, for $14,000; lot 25x80 feet, and five
lenements. at 250 Tehama etreet. for Adelaide
E. Crocker to Charles Stockett, for |3600.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold for
550.000 the Merle Griffln property on the
northeast line of Mission street, 312 feet
northeast from Fifth, 48x100 feet, to Har
vey HL Dana-
Sales have been made by A. M. Speck
& Co. as follows:
Florin L. Jones & Co. report that they
have sold the northeast corner of Van
JCess avenue and Broadway, 86:8x137:6
feet, for $35,000; also the residence of Mrs.
Martha R. Young on the north line of
Broadway, 72:6 feet west from Octavia
etreet, for $8000.
Brokers TUnke Sales.
Lot 60x120. west line of Seventh avenue, 250
feet north of K street, for 91000: C0xl20. east
line of Twenty-first avenue, 260 feet south of J
etreet. for S700; 25x120. west llna of Eighth
avenue, 100 feet south ol H street, for $1000:
25x120, west line of Eighth avenue, 175 feet
north of I Etreet, for $000; 25x120, east line of
Twelfth avenue. 250 feet north of Point Lobos
avenue, with Improvements. lor S17SO.
Company. The packers will put a large
storage plant on the lot. The sale was
made for the London, Paris and American
Bank and Mrs. O. C Pratt. The price
was $63,000.
Messrs. Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. also
report having made the following recent
sales:
gsot and improvements on the northwest Una
•f Mission street. 800 feet northeast from Sixth,
25x90 feet, for Wells. Russell & Co.. for $16,000;
lot on the couth line of Jackson street, 92:3
feet east from. Maple. 75x125 feet, for the Peter
Xtean Company, for $5500; lot on the west line
of Church street. 200 feet south from Fifteenth.
£5x125 feet, for the London, Paris and Ameri
can Back, for $2000.
The following sales have been reported
by Sol Getz & Bro.:
275 feet on Townsend street and 27S feet
on Eigh'th street, to G. H. Umbsen & Co.,
¦who represented the Armour Packing
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. report the
sale of a 100-vara lot on the northeast
corner of Eighth and Townsend streets.
tivity in the communities across the bay,
especially in Berkeley, is very strongly
marked.
mand for suburban properties and the ac-
come producing holdings, having been
convinced that San Francisco realty is
the best investment. There Is some de-
sought for, men of capital being after in-
Tew largo realty deals have corns to a
conclusion during the last week. Inquiry
for eligible properties of various kinds Is
Etill lively and the market Is in excellent
shape. Business properties are still most
the Lots.
Improvements to Be Added
Are Suitable for
Few Large Deals of
Week, but Prices Are
All Eight.
REALTY MARKET
HOLDS UP WELL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,i SUNDAY, JANUARY 26. 1 902.
Dr. i Croqker, eye, ear, nose, : throat and
lungs. Resumed practice 2T Powell st. : .•¦,-
. A convention h'as. been; called to^ meet" at
Knights ¦ of Red Branch Hair on Sun
day. February; 2,, at 2 ' p^ m.; , for the pur
pose of making arrangements for the cel
ebration of St. Patrick's day,' 1902.
St. Patrick's -Day Convention.
A Good Ale " Like Evans'
Is. one of the beat things & person can drinlc
Healthful, invigorating: and \ aaUafying. "- Sher
wood & '¦• Sherwood. -. San - Francisco. • Portland.
Loa -Anseles,.; Seattle. .- , ' ¦ T~ - •
v Captain Nerney will be absent for some
time in the, southern part ofthe State,
and .-; during, -his ', absence Commander
George; W. c Bauer- will .-.; command ' the
Marlon, which is moored at Folsom No 2,
having through the 1 kindness of- the Har
bor Commissioners been given permanent
berth there.' > '". ;->¦:¦ . - . . > . *
• Next month there will be a vacancy for
lieutenant, junior, grade, in the first divi
sion. ¦ It is said ,that there is . ln connec
tion with: this approaching election a sur
prise in store for some of the old-timers.
It is proposed to introduce new blood into
the naval: militia.- -
ing the second division, reports eight new
recruits and several applications. The fol
lowing elections have taken place: Lieu
tenant Thomas Harloe has been re-elected
to command the second division; Chief
Master-at-arms Brophy has been elected
ensign, vice Dolman; Ensign. J. F. Mur
phy has been re-elected ensign ln the first
division, and Dr. Frank W. Simpson, who
is the coach of the Berkeley University
baseball team, has been elected ensign,
vice Oscar Smith, resigned.
The , recently elected and re-elected of
ficers are now getting ready for examina
tion, knowing that the examining board
has decided to have no "more "slip
through" examinations. -' Each member of
the board prepares a set of written ques
tions, to each of which the card date must
make written answer. The' questions are
particularly sharp for those who have al
ready been on "cruise, either with -the
militia or in the regular navy.
: Captain Nerney has notified the com
manding.' Sfflcers of divisions . that they
must be prepared to pass examination
before the - local board of inspectors for
pilot license on the bay of San Francisco,
and that they must take that examination
within six months. ¦ '
36
' - HaIe>s ' 1 • Hale's. ••¦„¦ | .-;' .' ;: ; ''[ ';.; •&&*>&.' I Hale's^ v-| " Hale^" \ Bale's.
Another Stirring Occasion Downstairs
SOME NEW, LOW PRICES IN KITCHEN AND HOUSE HELPS OF ALL SORTS,
Best Steel Enameledware Reduced. , ri^S"S e . thresh^M^^?l^ My!wont 6 Bars Babbitt Laundrv Soao * ntzc
10-Quart Sauce Pots 45c. Wash Basins lOc-io and n inch ones, housekeepers be glad- of it?/ : ,. :,.:¦ ' :, . \ V U DdFb D^IDUIU WUllUry Ud P
They are straight with two side handles! Those we have been selling at i9c and The very things you want— as good as you can get any It>s the same good soap in quality and weight housekeepers
been "c. fi rst t *, me . 33c. Best 'enameled ware. way. we have of making new customers- and- of binding 'old ' " About as important as this Babbitt soap is
T £rJ° ts 24c " 3 pmts ' best ename led S^faS^EJ' aiiSSrt n< Se.. ones closer. We give every one so mucli for their money they \ ¦ i Fels-JYaptha, Soap 5o a Bar.
°25d2ft u ? 7ci^ I ™ rt Bl2e '. B0 ° d K^&S^^&^S^T^ t !j! nk n^re pf us-and come back again when they need any- ¦ ¦ ¦
Tea Kettles 65c-8-Q U art ones with flat ;%^a^^^ 7 i t &1X$i?& t hl "& el se of the kind. . So we gain in the long run, even if we Se^of Knive^and Forks 45C-S1X of Soc^Coal^utties for 15c-15-tn<*
bottoms - 38c -' ¦¦¦ ¦ '- -. : • lose rj g"t now. Thrifty housekeepers Avill find these are Carvers S3c 'pair-New ones, 8-inch Sugar Scoous. 2c.
f/j/i /i/.ii.*. o # y/»- ' */,/.! D i- . O7 Hff/v—^w, C- •' A l 'l* ' c ¦% t e\!>t> f ¦ , steel, blades with stag 1 handles. 50 feet of Clothes Line 7c— Cotton, but
100 Clothes Pins 1OC. Clothes Baskets 37c. MOIieV = baVlfl£ UOOOrtOliltieS Seldom Offered Wax Taners 3c uackaee a 80od every-day Quality. " oa « DUt
Good wooden ones, old fashioned kind. ' Closely, strongly woven; measure 18x20 ' "Y- UjrjriM lUUlUGS JCIUUUI U11C1CU. ™ax papers rfc packaee^ gham Holdera jJOc-They fit sln C l« er
Carpet Tacks 2c-<5 sizes. 6. 8 and 10 oz. Jnches^The^ual S ize and a most un- A Saving at every Step and no risk taken, either. This M w^ 1 te???o S o S f 4 ?n C 7nU^u e n bron^ d G(fe ' ' teL^ll"^^ 1 WlU
T §^r el fo^ O th e f , r flVS~ti° m 1 « ( 7J.' wood ? n - Mon - Clothes Horses 4Oc-They have four wouldn't be -.the- "good-goods" Store' it IS if the bargains 2 :.l ui ? ie^ Gas Stoves Sl.RO-It's 'the Bissell's Carpet Sweeper 81. 05-Ifa a
day for the first time 7c. folds and each fold three bars; 36 Inches oron^' • r i i ' _. udi b ctiiia "Victor," solid throughout A lower standard sweeper acknowledged .by
Wood Rim Sieves 7c— Three sizes, 10, high. weren t as sate 3S the regular values P rfce now than ever. Monday for the every one to be the best; filrch or aa-
wLW n H h: .°>n Pr T C h >7^f „, „ Wire Dish Drainers 5c-A neat thing . , \JL ; 1_ . first .time, $1.50. 1 hogany finish.
wash Boards MOe— The old-fashioned f or th« kitchen ¦ . m—^ — — :
onea. medium .lze. . Wi™ Toteto Mashers lo-i-leht but HrilCMPC f\f All k'SnJlT *r**v "' " '
. Toilet Paper 3c Package. ,„ , „ . .l, "1 "MlC5 Ol All iSJIltlS IOC k'itrhpn TinwafP Dp^nrpH
G r d.,uam y . t ne usual .,«./;. Z&SStiSZ I -}ft the first emphatic offering of brush* we ever m ade. TheVre g o Ol M.tCtien I inWare KedUCed.
Trade Sale of Handkerchiefs. Spring Silks: More Interesting Than Ever.
- & u ¦ MEN> ®. i . WOMEN'S CHILDREN'S ESPECIALLY THIS DOLLAR GUARANTEED BLACK TAFFETA AT 75c.
\ U B 'l b " yms m ;™' bl S targams. What we save on you may save on. Here are 8:7 dozen The new silken beauties get the first mention to-day. The foulards, the grenadines, the
handkerchiefs we put on sale to-morrow so good and perfect you couldn't tel them, from regular wa sh silks, the.many new'styles of warp prints, but most charming of all-
stock if it wasn't for the price. But there s enough difference in price to make you know which p> <r • r> •
is which. Be on hand to-morrow if you want a handkerchief. . " - KOmail ,3tripeSI .Beatltlf 111 SLtlA Original.
* « " m^ n ' s , H , a ? d , kerchi ? ? ? 4 S,\ ' Women's Handkerchiefs at. 5c. It's a show worth seeing— full of suggestion and style information. It's been gathered in
Sfc < S!S3S5; 5c. the broadest andsafest way. Nothing has been taken secon4-handed. We donVbuyVom men
20 dozen, plain white or colored borders. « ored borders, others scalloped iwith colored borders, hem- WHO Cart their StUtt from Cltv to City. We DUV rigrht at the looms where we Pet the choirs of
In this lot are also stitched with lace corners, hemstitched with embroidered ,,.u n j. , « * j • u- : ' i i i .' ' , . . I & vixwxv.c ot
so dozen Plain Hemstitched Handkerchiefs at 5c. , borders. * . . n at we want— and in bjg enough lots to make it pay the weaver not to sell the same thing to
« n^ I( £JteSffifff!!JS l & <1 L r & ¦« Women's I5c Handkerchiefs at 9c. any one-else. So.it is- / :
chiidr"n'sSrHandkerchiej s at s2Jc. n i^'^i^f^\St^ls^i^o^% Hale's Silk Styles Never Get Common.
250 FdoSS. hemstitched Handkerchiefs, at 2%c. insert; lon^bo rders. others with lace corners. Air fine and Prices as low now as they ever will be.-, • ¦
, f ''.....'.'.. * . . , ; French: Chn. : llzs 60s. JV '•?/» G*-»Tt.aAi*> r <> $1.*O. Cr<-pe *<> Chin* $1.00 ~
I OilCr SfiT^ W »•¦¦*¦¦ ' : ¦ ¦ . . — • *¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ -- — —~~~ : ¦ --+ and smal1 Printed effects, with / lifli 10111^ 11 * Jr enchi nan can produce. We One of the daintiest «illcen beauties. So toft
iyiicL acid. Hurrmn-Hiiif €1 many new Persian ldeaa - Thelr^ chief s * th w e a m y srSa^^^rtaffi'Aa: h™*^™*,™^^^™
cuspidors. iimiictn- ; i lair ;• awiicnes vh l^lsti iSgiSs^i^t^^ikm^^m^ r jsjsss
' TPnnmi TV^T-n 'T>~i n +~J' : ~ Q41t.~ brocaded ones; 44 lnche 3 wJde-«1.50 a yard. yard.
Two extra values in the crockery "tf^OV-'' Good nerfect satkfartnrv -Jfnnoy. W/ir-p-Prvntrd. Silhs. . . . ; t , ;
Store We must tell VOU about: £X%mk ,», pciicv.L, bdUbldClor) . One. of the prettiest stuffs we have ever d* _ Dl« 1 HT • -ff-ff J j
TheTouet^at$B.98. M%k t Jl^t" T^f SHEiSSSS *' Black Taftetas at 75c.
Of English ware, 10 pieces each. In mem DacK It tliey don t SUlt and brocaded grounds— $l 76 a yard. For . .. Fvppv V-irrt C\ unf a rtt&art
n f w fancy shapes, decorated in royal ' f%\ y OU - No . woman' need deny her- ; » y t h^ d "^coirsTyoIr wSl^t £ **r *UrJ^J^^r,Z^ >^ T^ \ 1 S 1 '»
blue, green and pink. The sets con- rfffi ' r^V " l^wwV c^if n ei£fcu i Tr /'-. we them when you aw in. • -/ 2 ;>c. a yard saved and no risk taken, and in a staple black silk at
rfJ^M\^t^lJ7o Z S %™Z • 'hat. Could you ask us to give you a better bargain? Our si.k
UfllJlCV isllSpiaOrS OUC, I |\va'K^>//f 3L^F>|lfc/ taken ¦ > . ' heavy satin liberty grounds; 24 Inches Veteran in tile DUSineSS.
Carlsbad china with spray decora- MmvJ-^'J tu ' .u' •¦",''' /o- knJw^SiaSi^iii'bfoii ' o t a \t J™ 1 ? T1 ? e manufacturer was so anxious to have the trade of our six stores he was will-
tions in blue and pink. . il 1^4 V§^#7 adW ThcSC may "^ be ? uite as lons (l8 inches^ P^iiar co/tume S ii^ s Tor the comhfe • in S to mak e an inducement to cet it.
\ Ml MwtLMi^W feflgSc*^ aS m °^ e f exDen J s . 1Ve °P es - though plenty long season. • It's an extra heavy cloth, with a beautiful, soft, pliant finish; 23 inches wide.
what you can eur in wSffllKS*' %&& %?X."&&£i3£2£& mi- n~k r~7T~ I
silverware at $i.5o v w$> : '.gSiShSiaS^r dyed> ° r , abi ' ot Muslin Underclothes. New Corsets.
-6Ro^-Al taite f orks • . S3far ' wep " tthem °" tegai "' abl °°" "¦'-""-•• .,. •:.-¦ . The Send-AnnuaX Sale. B** t « ajMltMta
-A?a%7kf h \^f t :; k iisk. , : Laee CnH-flinc 1 rices averag^ tllM less than reguIar - l#^^#k^
-A tea pot or sugar bowl, ¦ \ uvv -WMl LCI 1 11^. Garments are as good as ever. 1*3117 BllSt FOffllS.
J% r ? p i PZ t f Mi ?;.''u - jtiKn " ' ¦ '-'" not}l er Hale Opportunity. '. We can't afford to do this on such a big scale but twice a Most desirable for strafefat-front cor-
TVn^/J^LTTi 8 - ' More-for-the-price— that's bringing, us. the -biggest- cur- y ear - No merchant can always be making money. No", farmer s^s, gives radical improvement over
-B%i™o£:.'7l]%:^ tain business. in the city. ., gg V- " can always be harvesting. If he didn't lose money at. seed time SlS-ifJ^^^^aS.
Good serviceable pieces of stan- . Giving you more to choose from; seeincr that the patterns are ne couldn't make it at harvest time. This is seed time with us blue and whlte siIk « 5Oc *
wm'rSkiV^aTtir 6 As $ will SsS M and ori^ inal and that the thread the > are made of is not Gowns. ¦ Skirt Chemise. . .
th « e ; V * - ch ? a P nor humedly woven makes a better value than mere bar- d %°L^v ca^ ' : *V*— o%»SSSSSj : i«SSa s ffig "
Nickel 5ilver Goods. gain curtains where all there is to them is a low price. - " :\t£&2g K i£ x ?3g -^iSSffiffi ; v^nSS^cSSSfftSS&^^gSfc iSS < 5Sio^ JSS^mS? £S SS
611^ prices in White oi» Bcru Curtains 40c a Pair. CI . tu ! ks - . • "»• «»«« round yoke * N^ t feuioHr.«ioNTa»wr.ix»
staple everyday table pieces: 96 ! pairs only-2% yards long:, 30 Inches- wide; convenient size for small basement SklPtS. . *. J '5o— lace Insertion and lace trim- r- Bta " torcd - 4 or 5 hook cla«p. low iiS
-Teaspoons, set of 6, 4Sc' S r lc a e^ C 0c. WlndOWB - , g y ° U baVe USe f ° r thl3 8ize ' ou ™ b « $I:58 _M,ae of eood cambric, with . t d h ? a ? e e: o ? d b e o &, rume trim ' med M
-Table spoons, set of 6. 90c. ?1.OO Pair_ 7 oo pairs in new desi K ns, ?1.5O Pair-White and ecru- ,54 yards ' " laib/t^ffi^^S < SS.uS?S?«eS Corset Covers. -I Z&™* *>*>«: color, btadj. «^
-Table forks.setof6, 90c. quite the thing for bed chamber use long, 50 to S 6 Inches wfd^ r' some en! £" d n lace> w . lth S wo * row^ of lace ln " W Madfof cimbrle- loir sauare N^L^« IS^ V model, $2.80-^^
-Table knives, set of 6. 90c. 3 yards long, 45 to 47 inches wide. tirefy new patem! ? shown °? San rw dust ruffle, StWASS^
9 r . .- "¦;¦¦¦¦ • ••¦ % Francisco for the first time: 400 pairs. Wawers. ' y embroidery. made of flared coutlll^ *"**'
T^LMEJBF *ffl Market St ?¦ • 1 -^^-Nottinrfiam styles, ecru ' Lm^heTiX^Vu^ O M , . 9 . -, «T *mT
***%& /ffl jt^^^^Om^ ' K A I, an( ? white; 3 to 3H yards lonff, 50 to also deep hem and three small tucks! Market bt. , /&/ rto
Hgf \^J***Z* «-^__— — -^^T-t^ 8 **^ r L a ' weave curtains in fine styles. The de- ot ¦ cambric and embroidery. 61 * T " B Opp. Golden /J&r/ /Jsrf 2El^^ y&s^ va^^^Wj^iyft*
'^^ a S~!PO£> G0O&&^*"^ bate AVC signs are prettier than ever— 12 to 68c z Good soft muslin; wide lawn fiatP Avp " /£&/ n *s. — ~^^'
1111 ¦¦" "¦ — .. .0 O choose from 7* ruffle, trimmed with lace and Udie AVe. \*^L~ m **OO£> GOOD&**^
** m»uac irum. . ' two rows of lace Insertion. • • 0 — Q - **w~z«r ..
>$ U 1 [ITS I
nmiTft vm irr n m " ¦*— — »— — ~~m—
«Show their high
quality at a glance.
They are mada of
*rrf^4j$7Tj\ the best and latest
'h M .If |\ textures, are taltor-
vM. t I p\ ed with Infinite care
\JSU| j I , Wljf and skill, wear well
¦Nwl j MMf and took right until
" vLU rff worn out. You may
M ji jjfl " get one for!,' '.-.
If! $/.O0
HI || I A WEEK. \ '
j| -^m Be sure of our
- name and address, \
A. B. SMITH GO ,
128 Ellis St., Aljoie Powell.