no_text- :. ' .¦:-¦ ¦ . - ¦¦.¦•:.
THE^STJNDA^^ALL,'^
2
n ATS on or h.its off in church— that
I y is the question diEturbing the se
11 I renit}- of tht- church-goer. -'
JL / Ever since the revolution took
| %y place in the. theaters and \ men
and women alike experieaced the joy "of
delivery from that pestiferous nuisance,
the theater hat— whose only friend was
the caricaturist and funny man — the ques
tion has been asked. "Why shouldn't wo
men take off their hats in church, too? 7
-The question, whispered at first by a
faltering few,- has been asked louder and
louder until it demands an answer.
And in the acfwering of what seems at
first a trivial question there has been
Uiore than one tempest in the ecciesiasti-
Ccli teapot.
Here ate some opinions gathered from
cltrfey ana laity:
HH. JACOB KTETO. \
It's a matter of indifference to me.
Whether Women shau \t,\it hats io
cuurcn is nut a que^uua for uie pu.yit u
ottiut:, Lul toT tt.e coiifefesatluii.
i- li/i.i an eVhicai p^Iul ui vieW, in so far
f.s poor people mxfcht feel humbied' lr^in
tne tact that, they nave not as g pud nats
to wear as their rich neighbors, it might
he a good custom to institute. Futlowing
cut tnat idea it would be a stlti better
custom if an women would wear taiior
niaae gowns on the high* days and ho.y
ciays, especially those vho tit farther up
In the cuurcn, eo that there wouid nut be
such a marked difference in costuming
between the iront and rear rows. One
might then feel that church-going. Instead
of being a social function, was indeed im
pelled by a real religious sentiment. --
It is tbe men who have taicen up this
matter of having the women remove their
hats, and while it Is true that men rule
the churches, women are the principal
patrons of the church, and if there is any
Question about it they should decide the
thing their own way. ' • ' - ¦
I don't care whether my congregation
wears hats or not. If a man is bound uo
in his subject, as he should be tp present
it. well, his mind will be so fully engaged
in the matter in hand that h« will not
notice whether people's hats are on or oft
If he is ; Intense and Interested himself,
that matter should not enter la the least
Into his consideration or have any weight
with him. . .
BEV. A v C. BANE.
There are two ' solutions to the problem
without taking oft hats. .If we wou.d
build our churches with sufficient pitch
to the floor so those in the rear could see
over the heads of people in front, that
would be one solution. And if wompn'n
Resolutions That Have Caused
All the Discussion.
THE officials of the Methodi'st church in;. the town of 1ms Gatos
inct Bomo'timo ago and issued a : ultimatum /'v to ; : .the
•fair members of the congiecation tHat the hat in church Ehould.
become a thing of the past. The resolution s 'as adopted^ have created
a. furor all over the State and no end of discussion has bsen the re
sult. On this page will bs fomid the opinions of San rranciscans.
both of the clergy aftd the laity as well. Here follows this decision, of
the Methodist church of Los Gatos: ' , . " i.
"Whereas, We believe all people who 'entsr /the house of God
for worship are entitled to equal privileges and opportunities there
in; and ; ¦ '.'¦' >';':¦' '.;• ,-¦':" y ¦;;.
"Whereas, We believe that niany ; times many people who so at^
tend are. greatly. annoyed and inconvenienced by having their." viaw
of tho minister and of the pulpit obstructed by large and spreading
hats or bonnets, worn by those in front of them; believing that much
of the effect of a good sarmon, address or song is lost by not being
able to ricw the' speaker or singer j and ;/ •
"Whereas, The State has so far recognized the justice' of the
above as to have passed laws requiring 'all persons to remove their
headdress during all performances in places of .amusement /and in
all placps where public audiences arp wont to assemble; and ,
. "Whereas, Many of the -churches throughout the East, and
some .in cur, own State, have passed orders regulating; the above;
therefore be it v ~, --. . .- .-' .;..¦•.-.'.'¦;., :; • }''¦-:' \:' ¦.>-'¦:' :*'
: "Eesolved, That we most earnestly and respectfully request
that all persons remove their, headdress during the entire ser>Jce > of
the church, when! it will in any way inconvenience or 'bbBtruct the
view of any person sitting behiad.". . ' ' ._ : • - '
hats were not so extensive, didn't run so
much to ostrich plumes and flaring bows,
. that. would be another. . : r ¦ ¦ '
Whydidn't we hear this complaint years
ago? The old churches had no: incline to
. the floors at all.n It is a modern criticism
-a modern .'objection. L honestly think
there should be more of/a epirlt'of mod
esty in our apparel when we go into Gods
house to .worship him than .if 'we- were
going to a - social X function."
I was . a v boy, ladies .. went, to church
- to worship God, and not to show off their
nn«, anpnrf'l. ' J ¦ have, known "my '¦ own
mother to feel that a certain; hat or .^ress
had too much display about it to wear
tu church or. praic k 'i M etii.4«fe. jl>ui to- »cnr
people ' wea r . as . elaborate . gowns and hats
as when they go to receptions, -and that
causes' all the trouble. .¦ .. : ,% \ /
¦ •• Of X course,- it-is a .very; inconvenient
thing, and I pity.; the < women when -they
rvo ,*n\<\\ tbnv.mnst ta|re:pff .thfilr hnts
but one'ean't havejhe same interest in a
aibcourte-if- you "can't -see. the speaker.
You might suggest k to some men who com-
plain, of : women's . hats -that - they would
not have >the' same troublet.if s they ; sat :
farther f ront," instead of sneaking into tb'
¦back pews. .". ?' ; •••<;; ".-.:¦.¦-; "•.:-,,¦
/ I have been asked to v do; it, but I have
never come to the place where ; I have
been willing "to request the ladies of .my
congregation to take- off- their -hats. I
feel it would be an Interference with their
apparel I which I • have no right .'• to I make.
•Instead,' : I "would preach' thel gospel, of ;
"modest apparel. I have noticed that' wh^n'
.womenare really pious and" devout. they
wear small hats and. sit down in if rpnt. I :
have attended large 'holiness meetings
. where ¦. there-.was - plainly > a line - between
'the pious women,. modestly clad ;¦ sitting In
the front pews, and -the worldly, women,
'.with -big hats on, who never came for
. ward. . •:.¦¦;••¦ ;v\v .' . ' ': .--:• '¦'.¦¦. '. ;
1 Personally,- I, would 1 ; rather see., women
-with their hats on, because we are accus- :
tomed to it, just as | I'd , hate to see men '
keep 'theirs on. . But ¦ I : would like to sea
: the ; hats rnore modest. -> ¦ "v '- -' :
meb. • ; Horace;. : ip avis. .4^8
I don'tsee why ; womeh should take off
their hats-in church. In. the theater it i3
• different, though -.1 /.believe many; women .
•go- less -'£rcquently.ito:'.the theater : since'
it has 'ibeen, the' "custom- to' '.remove:
their ,hats: • 'Not ;¦ because/; they .do;
-not': recognize;; that , it is ; -the;, ony
thing -to do. but' because c,lt . is such- a"
• nuisance to hold the. hat in/the lap.' Then,
-too; »there< lss-the-questlon- of - looks.' iA"
•woman | naturally has pride- in • her j appear
ance.Sand'if :one's'hair is soft; scarce and
rather, short, it, never look.s so well alter
having. a bonnet on; and a, veil, which is.
almost a necessity in San Francisco, adds
to th,e inconvenience of removing the hut
i'pr bonnet.' ; One thinks fuels better,
.and acts better when conscious of looking
well,', and it is ¦ not conducive' to a proper
spirit of .worship, tq, feel- that perhaps-*
one's hair is disheveled, and that on leav- ,
ing the church -the ; hat may be awry. I
¦do believe, however, that there should be
a style of church, bonnet," as there has al- '¦•
ways '.been 'a; theater bonnet,; so small iis"
not to interfere with the viewof those sit-'
ting behind it.. This would obviate any
difficulty. No doubt in time it will become
a general practice for. women to remove ,
their hats in all audiences, but before that
time comes ample provision must be ramie
• for them. to remove their hats In comfcrt.
and 'have -opportunity to see that' their
hair Is /properly, arranged and to-.know.
that their' hatrison. straight" again.:
BEV. BRADFORD LEAVITT.
: ; If -such 'a. reform were to be instituted
I would like 4d see it begin in the choir.
I have always thought that the millinery
In the choir is very distracting." The feath
ers wave and baubles 'wabble, and people .
"can't help being curious to know wKat the
'soprano and ; contralto are going to have
• on. >;;;<- ... .-.;" ? ;. - ...¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .. ' - . . ¦
¦'• Our people usually, wear, plain and sto
. pie. clothinsr.on Si'iflav; and the hats uo
not seem In the way, and .what i>a'r«,"tlxe
"*omeh going "io do with their hats If they
take them off? 1. should say .tbat.*tfce
cure would be almost worse than the dis
ease. When they rise to sing, or respond
li would distract them more from the ser
vice than to have them oil their- heads.
- ) n the theater the chief Interest is irr&ee
l.ig what you can see, but in church it
tiMjuld not be, but rather hearing what
you can hear. I think if people are in a
properly reverent moofi for church "ser
vice they will not think xnuab' about mil
linery. ;
• No, even though the men of the church
objected to the women's hats, I should
hardly make the request, because it
would embarrass the ladies more than it
would help the men, It is simply a ques
tion whether the men should have their
minds distracted b* the hats or the
women their minds »dlstracted by taking
their hats off and holding them.
If the custom is. Introduced, audito
riums in future will have to be built twice
the size, so there will be room in the
pews to lay their hats.,
MB45. XOVELL WHITE.
It is a '. question of courtesy. If a
woman's hat obstructs any one's view
the courteous thing for her to do is to
take it off. Thougn we might also say a
man should take olf his head because he
is taller than the women and obstructs*
their view. « , .
A woman's hat is an Infamy anyway.
As- the Bramacharln said when here
a couple of years ago, we are but one
removed from the North American In
dian, what with our ¦ feathers an<l
epangles and Jeweled. ornaments. But I
don't like the Idea of the men saying
' that women must take off their hats. If
women decide voluntarily to take off their
hats it is all right; otherwise they should
be allowed .to keep them on. , • - (
I have a feelins of indignation whenrl
think of the position women occupy in,
the churches. They are good enough
when it comes to selling tickets, carrying
around subscription lists and other
pleasant work, but when It comes to hav
ing a voice in the councils of the church
or recognition in Its conventions, that la
different. In the early day the ' church
held that woman was an unholy, thins;
and even Jn my own girlhood days I re
member In the Presbyterian church . the
women were compelled toy , sit together
apart from the men. To-day, while woman
la the main support of the church, she Is
subject to man in all rulings of the
church; but I say if the question of re
moving hats is to be, decided, let It be
decided by the women themselves.
CHABLES HOLBROOK. ;#
1 am rather inclined to th« Impression
that I would pursue the. old custom unless
women, wore such immense hats as to pre-.
vent people from seeing past them. The
hats in my church are very modest and I
have not been troubled by them. I ' be-"
lieve St. Paul says women should keep
their hats on.
What I have observed in the theater is
that ladies wear such large hats as . to
prevent any one's seeing past them; whlla
in church they go in different costumes.-
Another thing; the attendants at
church are largely old people whose, cus
tom it has been for thirty or forty years
to go with hats and bonnets on, and it
eeems rather harsh to ask. them to take
their hats off. I should hate to go to some
oged grandmother and ask her to take
off her bonnet, and I can't see that it
would serve any good purpose. You see
I am an old man myself, and I prefer to
stand by the old customs.
BEV. GEORGE C. ADAMS.
I think it is apt to become a fussy sort
of -matter, j Many ladies do not .like} to
take off hats or bonnets in a place like,
that. They arrange for it at the theater,
but not at church. In our own.ch.urdr
very few of the hats are objectionable in
Bize, and while we have a very large conv
pregationl do not feel that any one is
seriously inconvenienced by ladies wear
ing their hats.' Of course, where the
church is properly built, with sufficient
pitch to the fioor, there is no trouble of
this kind. ' • -.-. ixri* V . .
If they are going to compel -Jadie's to
take off their hats they must have. a. room.
cf easy access where th«y can go and
have a mirror to put them on: Blast.wo-
men want a looking-glass when they put'
on their hats and there^is a -nutaance
about that. It isn't like a roan's hat,
which he can stick on any way. . .
The dress of our. people is modest. We
¦ have millionaires in the audience, but you
could not pick them out. It seems to be"
an unwritten law among our pecple that
they will not come to church dressed in. a
foolish fashion., . ¦»' "• ¦ '•'¦-. ; ,
I have seen the question tried in. South
ern California/ where on account of the
warm ¦¦ weather there is more reason for If
than yhere, and it always caused -som<5
feeling In the church, and I matle up my<
mind I would never ask the ladies in my j
church to take off their hat3. 1 think It is
rather cruel and I could not do it." ;/„•
MBS. L.LOWEKBEEG.
It seems a trivial question at first
thought, yet it Is. one that must come In
for a share of consideration. When tjie
question was' first agitated in regard. to
taking off hats in the theater it seemed a-
Bhly thing to make a fuss about;. but now
that the custom is eatabilsned we wonder
how men and women, too, ever! were will-
Ing to be" subjected to the annoyance of
hats. ..." ¦ ¦• • ¦ . .
As a matter of right. I think women
ehould take oft their' hata in church and'
tn any other assemblage where a hat ob
structs thewiew. AVa concert, for in
ftance, one feels often that some pleas
ure is lost if he cannot see the performer,
and it is the same at a lecture. or church
service. , *, li T '" '
On the other hand, it is. very Incon
venient for the women to hold their hats,
to say nothing of taking them qtt when:
they are securely pinned and held In place
{with a veil. Then, too.. there is tha ques
tion of getting them on straight. I don't
care much for dress and that sort of
thing, but I am fussy about having my
hat . on straight. Naturally a woman,
wants to look well when in a company ot
people, and having to take chances on
getting her hat on straight Is the worst
feature of the whole thing. However, 1
suppose it is a sacrifice women must
make in the interest of unselfishness.
W. H. MILLS. . V - . : . t
No well-bred person will knowingly
cause others inconvenience. If a woman
has a right to wear a big hat in church, a^
man has Just as good a right to raise an
umbrella. Women remove their hats In.
the theater, and I think we should be as
free from distraction and annoyance when
we go to the house t>f God to worship as
when we go to the theater.
DR. JACOB VOORSAWGER; ; .
_:1 decline to take the question seriously.
If men take their hats off why shouldn't
women? Of course a great deal depend*
upon the ventilation . of the church— the
women might catch cold.
>Ot . c *w rse you know there Is no telling
¦what the gentlemen , of ths synagogue 1
would say about this question, for in the
synagogue it is the ,cu3tom for men to
wear their hats; and by ths logic of con
ditions women ousht to ke«p their hat*
on, too.. •. - ¦ .
Now, as a matter of fact, the service
in most churcbe3 dees not exceed an hour
and a half. The taking off of a bonnet |s
a. very cumbersome piece or business, and
for so short a time women should not be.
worried with taking off their bqrinets,:
thereby running the risk cf going oat
with bonnets awry. Perhaps some one
ought to invent some kind of a bonnet
that can be, removed without trouble;
then to prevent; the women from, taking
cold they could put on skull cans, as some
men do in church. Wouldn't that be
funny? It's a silly question, anyhow, but.
It the custom is to prevail the clergy ha»T
better be Instructed to put mirror* in the
anteroom so women can see that the v
get their hats on straight. '
To the. Jew the question la a rath*
. novel. one. If you- go to the Minna-street
Continued on Pago Three.
SHOULD WOMEN WEAR HATS IN CHURCH?READ AND LEARN THE SECRETS OF THE STARS
" 'Which the discovery grieves me,' says
Peets,^ an'- his -words comes cold as ice,
'but now we're -assembled ' here 1 finds
that I've only got one: gun.'
:.". 'Well, sir,' says ; . Old Coyote, * gettln'
up an' limpin' aboutin his ner"ous way,
his face working an'vthem sparks in his
eyes beglnnin' ; to mount into names; .'well,
sir,; may: Task "what you alms to pro
pose?; V; ; ' .- • ' :•-- -,,. ' \ >-
" 'I nacherally: proposes to - beef v you
right' yere,'. says Peets,'* as 'rocious as a
grizzly; • 'Die, you miscreant!' • An' . Peets
throws ; the gun on pore Old , Coyote, ; the
big muzzle not a foot from his heart.
"Peets,' as .well as Dan an' Texas, who's
enjoyin'.' the comedy through a winder,
ondoubted looks for Old' Coyote to "wilt
without a sigh. Ah' if he does' this, the
joke would* have been complete. '..But-'Old
Coyote never' wilts. He moves so quick
no ;one ever does locate the darkened ire
cess of his v garments from which .he luga
out that knife; the first news any of 'em
gets Is i that, with the same breath where
in Peets ' puts the six-shooter on him Old
Coyote's organized In full , with a : nine
inch bowie. v N . . • . ./ .
- '/.'Make' a\. center -shot, you-^-villyun!*
roars i Old Coyote, -an' straight- as adders
he la'nehes himse'f at Peets' ne6k..'
..'.'Son, it's the first -.an' last time- that
Doc * Peets ¦ ever runs. An' he don't " run
now, he , flies. : , .; Peets comes pourin'
through the door an' .into the street,, with
Old Coyote frothin' after him, not a yard
to spare. The best thing about the whola
play Is,: Old Coyote's a cripple; it's this
yere element of lameness that a-way that
lets Peets out." As it is, he can run thirty
foot to Old Coyote's , one, an' the result
occurs in a splendid safety by. the breadth
of :a ha'r. It takes two hours to explain
to Old Coyote, that this episode is merely
humor an' ca'm him an' get his emotions
tedded down. At last, what you-all
might describe as yoonited Wolfville suc
ceeds in ¦ beatin* * the trooth into him an*
he ; permits Peets < to approach an" apol
'gize.* ' . ,: - • •¦ • • • : ¦-,...
." 'An' . you can - gamble all the wolves
you'll ever kill an* skin,' says Doc Peets,
as • he asks Old Coyote to forgive an' - for
get, 'that this yere is the last time I em-
"BARKEEP, MY 'VENERATED -FRIEND YERE fi& zlave a • GLASS OF WATER; BTJT YOU GIVE ME VAIXEY TAN."
"'Take a chair," says Peets, as they
walks in, an' Old Coyote camps \down
stiffly, in a seat, t ¦ . . ' t
"Peets crosses the -room to a rack an'
takes down a eight-inch Colt's. Then he
turns toward Old Coyote.,^ :.
"Peets moves off a heap haughty an*
Old Coyote limps after him.~ Peets -goes
over -where his office is. '•' ' " . .
" 'Follow . me,' says • Peets, frdwnin* ¦• on
Old Coyote like a thundercloud. 'I'll equip
you with a v/eepon myse'f. I reckons now
your death an'.destructionthat a-way is,
after all, the best .trail out.' '
the bluff of one of the most deadly- an'
gamest gents who ever crosses the Mis
souri — one v/ho for nerve ran' finish is a
even break with Cherokee Hall.' .-.
you have it. Badgers, you saveys, is sour,
sullen an' lonesome. An' a badger's feel-
in's is allers hurt about something— an'
you never meeu> up with him when lie
ain't hostile an" ha.f way bent for war.
Which it's the habit of these yere mo
rose badgers to spend a heap. of. their
time Bettin' half in an* half outen their
holes, considerln' the scenery in a.dis
satisfied way like they has some grudge ,
ag'inst it. An' if you approaches a bau
4,tr while thus employed, he tries to run
a blazer on you; he'll show his teeth an' '
stacd pat like lie meditates trouble.
When you've come up within thirty feet
he changes his mind an' disappears back
¦ 'ard into his hole, but all p;umb malis
nant an' reluctant.
"Now, while Old Coyote saveys wolves,
he's a heap dark on badgcis that 'a-way.
An* also thar's a badger who lives clost to
Old Coyote's -dugout. One day whilethls
yere ill-tempereu anamile is cocked up in
the mouth of his hole, blinkin' hatefully
at surroundin* objects. Old Coyote cuis
uowii on him with a Sharpe's rifle he's got
Uickin' about his camp an' turns tnat
weeyon loose. <
"He missed the badger utter; but he
don't know it none. Comin' up to the hole
Old Coyote sees the badger; kindo' quilei
up at the first bend in tne burrow, an' he
exultin'ly allows he's piuggtd him, an*
tharupon reaches in a whoie lot to re
trieve his game. That's where Old Coyote
makes the mistake of his c'reer; that's
fchorely where he drops his watermelon!
"That badger's aiive an' onhurt,- an' as
hot as a lauy who's lost money. Which
he s simply retired a lew foot into his
house to reconsider Old Coyote an' that
tenarpe's riile of his. Nacherally when the
ontaught O!d Coyote lays down on his
lace an' goes to gropin" about . to fetch
that badger forth, the latter never hes'
tates. He grabs Old Coyote*s hand with
tooth and claw, braces his back ag'in the
ceil n* of his fcurrow an' stands pac.
"Badgers is plumb big people an' strong .
as ponies^ too. An' obdurate!. Son, a
badger is that decided an' set in his way
that sech feather-blown things as rocks '
an' hills is vacillatin' by comparison with -
'em. This yere partic-lar badger has them -
farujly weaknesses fully deeveloped, an*
the moment he cinches onto Old Coyote he
shore makes up his mind never to let go '
ag'in in this world nor the next.
"As I tells you, Old Coyote Is little an'.
weak, an' he can no more move that
hardened badger, nor yet fetch himse'f
loose than # he can sprout wings an' soar.
That badger's got Old Coyote; that he
holds him, prone an' fiat, ag'in the ground
tor houis. An' at last Old Coyote swoons
away. i ..
"Which he'd shore petered right thar, a
prey to badgers, if it ain't for a casooal
cowpuncher— he's one of Old Man En
right's riders— who comes romancin'
along, an' is attracted to i the spot bv
some cattle who's prancin' an ' waltzin'
about, sizin' Old Coyote up as he's layin'
thar; an' snortin' an' curvin* their tails
in wonder at the spectacle. Which the
visitin cow sharp seein'- how matters Is
headed, shoves his six-shooter in along
side of Old Coyote's arm, drills this be
sotted badger, an' Old Coyote is saved.
Its a case of touch an' go at that. But
to caper back to where we leaves Dan
an Texas on the verge of them jocyoolari
ties with Old Coyote:
" 'No, gentlemen,' Old Coyote is sayln'
in response to some queries of Dan an*
Texas; 'I've wandered hitner an" yon a.
neap in my time, an' now I has my dug
out done, an' seein' wolves is oncomnun
plenty. I allows I puts in what few de
clinlii days remains to me right where I
be. I must gay, too, I'm plumb pleased
with WolfviKe and regards myse'f as tor
¦ tunate an' proud to.be a neighbor to sech
excellet f o'.ks as you-alls.' ,
"'Which I'm shore sorry a lot,' says'
Dan, 'to hear you speak as you does,
lhar's a rapacious sharp about yere, who,
the instant he finds 110%/ you makes tiiem
dug-out improvements, sends on an* wins
out a Gov'mtnt patent an' takes title to
that identical quarter section which cm
braces your camp. Now, he's allowin' to
go squander in over to Tucson an' get a
tiocymcnt or two from the Jedge an' run
you ouu*
"Son, this pore innocent Old Coyote
takes in Dans fictions like so much
spring water. He beiieves 'em utter But
tne wonder is to see how he changes. Ha
don't say nothin", but his eyes sort o'
rparks up, an' his face gets as gray as
his ha r. It's now that Doc Peets comes
up. . -.-r\.' ¦ ;¦;¦.
" 'Yere is this devourin' scoundrel' now *
says Texas Thompson, p'intin' to Peets
'You-all had better talk to him some
about it.' Then turnin' to Peets with a
wink, iexas goes on: 'Me an' Mister
Boggs is te.lin' our friend how you geU
a title to that land he's camped on, an'
that you allows you'll take possession
mebby next week.'
-"•Why, shore.' says Peets, enterin' into
the FDtnt of the hoax, an' demin' it a
excellent joke; 'be you-all the maverick
who s on that quarter section cf mine?"
V^i c £ lm CoI °nel Coyote Clubbs.*
says Old Coyote, bowin' low, while his lips
trembles, an I m at your service ' •
j.t~" WelI> * says pects . 'it don't make much
difference about your name. All you has
to do is null your freight. I needs that
location you've done squatted on because
of she water.'
"'An' do I onderstand. . sir," says Old
C v y i? te V. S0lne a e ita *ed. 'that you'll come
with, off cers to put me outcn- my dug
"'Shcre,* says Peets, assoomin* a case
hardened, pitiless tone, 'an' why not? lm
I to be debarred of my rights by some
coyute-slaughterin' invader, an* then on
murmurin'Iy accede tharto~ -Which I
should say otherwise a. whole 'ot!'
" Then I yereby warns you, sir " sava
Old Coyote, gettin' pale as paper. • *I ad
vises you to bring: your coffln when you
conies for that land, for I'll down you
th<* moment you're In" range.'
" 'In which case,' says Peets, assoomin'
airs of high an' blood-th'rsty trucyoo
lence, HJiar's scant use to wait If thar's
pin to be any powder burnin' we mightv •
better burn it now.' " «"sniy
"Tve no weepon. sir,* says Old Coy
ote, ampin* about in a circle, 'but if ary
of these gentlemen will favor me with a
ficriice- lr<S tO PUt myse>f at you?
"Which the appearance of Old CoVote
when he utters this an' him showing
the surface about as warlike 'as a prairie
dog, convulses Dan an' Texas. It's all
tht£ can do to keep up a grave front
while pore Coyote in his- ignorance II IU
c©i©n^ Coyote cyufebs-^
yr \1 *V H1CII as a rocle," said the Old
\ A J Cattleman. "I speaks with de
\J \y lcnncc an* yields respect to
y / ¥ . %vhatc\ cr llnds its source in
akeber, but this yere. weather
t.mply makes st-ch attitoojie reedie'lous,
ait* any ciicomiums passed tharon. would
rcuiid saxkastic." Here my friend waved
u Oi.-gusttd haml toward the rain-whip
j>td panes and shook his head. "Thar's
but cr.e way to m^tt an', "cope successful
trill: a dsy like this," he" ran on, "'an'
that is to put yourse'f In the hands of a
joodicious barketp— put yourse'f in his
hands, that a-way, as a sacred trust, an'
let him pull you through. Actln* on thi3
idee, I jest dispatches my black boy Tom
for a pitcher of peach an* honey; an' on-,
less you-all has better plans afoot you
might . as well camp an' wait develop
ments, like old man Wasson does when
he's treed by the ba'r.".
Promptly came the peacfi "ana • honey,
and with Its appearance the pelting storm
outside lost all -power to annoy. My.
companion beamingly did me honor In a
full class. After a moment filled with
silence and peach and honey, and pos>
sibJy. too, with some notion of pleasing
my host . with a compliment, I said:
"That gentleman with whom you were
in converse last evening told me he never
passed a more delightful hour than he
spent listening to you. You recall whom
I mean?"
"Recall; him? Shore." retorted my
friend as' he recurred to the peach an-i
honey for a second installment. "You-all
alloodes to the little gent who's lame in
the nigh hind laig. He appeals to me,
speshul, as he puts me tn mind of old
Colonel Coyote Clubbs, who scares up
Doc Peets that time. Old Colonel Coyote
is lame same as this yere person."
"Frighten Peets!" I exclaimed with a
great air; "you amaze me! Give me the
particulars,"
"Why, of course," he replied, ,"I
wouldn't be onderstood that Peets is ter
rorized outright. Still, old Colonel Coyote
shore stampedes him an' forces Peets to
fly. It'S either vamos or shoot up pore
old Colonel Coyote, an' nacherally as
Peets wouldn't do the- latter his only al
ternatif is to go scatterin' off as I states.
"This yere old Colonel Coyote Clubbs
has a camp over ten miles to the no'th
of Wolfville off to one side of the trail
to Tucson. Colonel Coyotte lives alone,
an' has built himse'f a dug-out— a sort
o' log hut that's half in an' half outen
the ground. His mission on earth is to
slay coyotes— 'Wolnn' ' he calls it— for
their pelts; which Old Coyote gets a dol
lar each for them furs, an' the New York
store which buys 'em tells Coyote to go
as Car as he likes. They stands eacer to
purchase all he can peel often them ana
miles. '..
"No; Coyote don't shoot these yere little
wolves; he p'isens 'em. Coyote'll take
about twelve foot, say, of a pine tree he's
cut lown- this yere timber is mebby eight
inches through— an' he'll bore in it a two
inch ' auger hole every two feet. These
holts is*. some deep; about four inches it's
likely. "Old Coyote mixes his p'sen with
beef j tallow, biles them ingreedients up to
fcether ai.whole lot, an* then while she's
melted that a-way, he pours it into these
yere auger holes an' lets it cool. It gets
good au' i hard, this arsenic-tallow does,
an' iheu Coyote drags the timber thus or
ganized .cut onto the plains to what he
regyards as a eleglble local'ty an* leaves
it lor the wolves to come an' fatten on.
Old Coyote will have as many as a dozen
of the^e sticks of timber, all bored an'
framed up with arsenic-tallow, scattered
a.bout. ' i.ach morxxin' while he's woltin'
that a-way. Coyote makes a. round-up an'
SKins an' counts up his dead wolves. An*
son, you hear me: he does a nourlshin'.
uadfe.
"\\ hy don't Old Coyote p'isen hunks of
meat, you asks'.' For oovious reasons, in
sccu events trie vicum oints the piece y>L
bvtt au' lopes wff nieuby uve milt^> b«=ior«
ever -be succumbs. Wnich witn this ycro
auger noie pian it's uiueienu 'lue Wolf
has to licK the arsemc-taiicw out witn
Inu tongue, an' Uie piseu nas time an"
gtts aciioa. 'lhat wo*f sort o' rots do'wn
ngi:t tnar in h.s tracKS. "At the must, he
<u.n't turLher away nun tne nearest wa
ter; arsenic matai' 'em plenty uurscy «^3
you-aU most ll&eiy knows. ,
"Old Colonel Coyote shows up in Wolf
ville about once a month, paculn* in his
i>eltb an' ireiyhtiu' over to his wiciieyup
whatever in tne way of tjrub he recKous
Le needs. Which, it you was ever to sett
Old Coyote once you would remember
liisi. He'e chore the most egreegious per
son for look*; an' m apptaiunce ij a
cross between a joke, a uisaster an' a
cur'osity. 1 tion't reckon njw pore Old
Coyote ever bees the time^ when he
weighs a hundred puu»id;. an' he's thin
tn' srlzz«e<l an' little an' lame of one laig;
while his lace is like a squinch owi's face
— kind o' . wide-eyed au' with a expression
of ignorant wonder, as If life that a-way
is a never endin* surprise party.
"Most likely now what fixes him firm
est in your mind is he don't drink none.
He declines nose paint in every form;
an' this yere abstinence, the same bein'
yoonique in Wollville, together with Old
Coyote conductin' himse'i as the p'llteat
an* best mannered gent to be met with in
all tjf Arizona, is apt to introode on your
attention. Colonel tterett once mentions
Coyote's manners.
" -Wblcn he couM give Chesterfield, Old
Coyot* could, kyarus an' spades,' - ob
eerves the colonel. I 'don't, myse'f, know
this Chesterfield none, but I can eee by
the fashion Colonel Sterett alloodes to
him that lie's a jodartcr.on manner an'
etiquette.;
•\Xs I says, a pecooliar trait o' Ol«l Ooy
ote is that he wen't drlnli iiothin" but
water. Despite this blemish, however,
when the tamp gets so It knows Old Coy
ote it can't he'p but iilie him a whole lot.
He's bo quiet an' honest an' ignorant an*
little an' lame an' so plumb p'lite besides,
lie grows on you. I can almost Bee tho
weazened old outlaw now as he comes
rockln' Into town with his Bix or seven
burro* packed hlsh as their y'ears with
i pelts.
"This time when Old Coyote puts Doc
Pcets in a. toomult is when he's first
pitched his dug-out camp an' begins to
honor Wolfville with his visits. At that
time none- of us appreciates pore Old Coy
ote at his troo worth, an* nacherally, on
account of them egreegious an' guileless
looks of his. eech humorists as Dan Boggs
au' Texas Thompson seizes on him as a
source of merriment.
"It's Old Coyote's third ¦ expedition into
town, an' he's hovcrln* about the New
York *tor« waltln* for 'em to flgger up
his woif pelts an' cut out his plunder 6O
ho freights It back to his dugout Dan
an" Texas is also procrastinatin' 'round,
an* they sidles up. allowin* to have their
little jest; Old Coyote don't know non-»
of 'em — »iulet an' »ober an* p'lite like I
relates, he's plumb slow gettln' acquaint
ed—an* Dan on" Texas, as well as Doc
Peets, is like so many onopened books to
him.. For that matter. " while none of
them pards of mine knows . Old Coyote,
they manasee to - gain a sidelight on
some of his characteristics, before ¦ ever
they gets through. Doc Peets later grows
ashamed of the part he plays an' two
months afterwards, when Old Coyote is
chewed an' clawed to a standstill by a
lnfooriated badger he done mixes himse'f
up with, Pcets binds him up an* straight
ens out his rame an' declines all talk of
recompense complete.
" 'It's merely paying for that outrage I
attempts on your, feelln's when you.re
bookes me so handsome,', says Peets, as
he turns aside Old Coyote's * dlnero an'
tells him to. replace the same In his war
baps. . i
'However does Old Coyote gets wras
tled by that badger? It b another yarn',
but at least she's brief; an' eo I'll let
Continued Frcm Page Two.
SHOULD WOMEN
WEAR HATS
IN CHURCH?
— : — <v
barks In Jest of a practical character or
way to humor other than tha strict
ly oral kind. Barkeep, my venerated
friend yere will have. a glass of water;
tut you give me Valley Tan.' "
.k. • ¦ . - - — | ¦_ : ___
Wolfville Stories
THE SDNDAY CALL.
Predictions ¦¦ for '. 1 the veek
by a prof essienal astrologer
shoiwing lucky and tmlucKy
•days, for ; business, : love • andt
'marriage, giving.. ¦' birthday/
. advice and Z life forecast - of ¦
infants born during .'the next .
seven days. -.'
3
THE week beginning on Sunday Feb
ruary 23, will be under the dom
inance of Mercury, in Libra, the
business sign.. These conditions
will yield, a strong influence in
trade. > Lar^e business' deals should be
consummated and heavy exchanges made.
There will be much money made and
many losses sustained. ,
Speculation. will be large and will covet
a vast scope. All -crude articles produced
from the earth should be in demand, such
as oils, minerals, clays and gases.
Health conditions should be fair. Care
for the lungs should be taken as la grippe
may be prevalent In .some parts; of the
country. . . *
Weather— A . cold wave, with snow,
should sweep across the country the first
of the week. The Northern States should
be especially affected by a drop in the
temperature.
Marriage.
This is not a propitious time ' for the
contracting of marital bonds. .The pre.
siding influence, may cause dissensions be
tween lovers and domestic strife. Couples '
who elope during this week; will not ex
perience long or- happy;wedded lives.
' Business.
February 23, Sunday— This day will be
governed by influence that will- invest
people with fretful, changeable tendencies.'.
Arguments should be avoided upon this,
day. -3BW
February 24. Monday— This Is a good
flay to sell. .Regular business ¦win assume
unexpected aspects upon", this day and
financial gains should be realized. Do not
ask favois until 3 p.m. • •; .
, Speculation should be strongest in rail-:
road stocks, bank stocks 'and foreign se
curities. •.":.. -•¦'-
February. 25, Tuesday— Inventions that
are .pushed to-day and. schemes that, are
"promoted should meet with desired: suc
cess. Favors should ; be granted upon. this'
day before .the -noon hour. " . ~.
The ' stock market '" opens ¦ fair ' for pro
visions. &ugar.should rise at 1 p.. m. ';. '
February 26, Wednesday— Those who sell
to-day should realize excellent prontsr
Hetaii dealers should be . especially - suc
cessful. ,
The stock market opens down. "Grain
should. go up t by .'10,. iron- at 11, oils :at 1Z
and 'sugar., byl p.. m.. •' ,..: -¦ -; »•-. .• .
February 27, Thursday— Those who' seek'
work iipon this day should be successful
in finding what they desire. Business
should be pushed and foreign trade should
flourish. : ; >^B9^aVKBDaairaHM9B' B^NSSS
The stock ' market opens fair. Sugar
should be * up at 10. Then should follow
a succession of quick ;,and.; unexpected
changes,, ¦with oils and minerals up a few
points at the close. ' '
February. 23. Friday— All should -be care«
f ul not to ¦ enter lawsuits : upon :. this : day;;
Contracts should ! not be : signed fjpon 5 this
date or important papers exchanged. ;',Do'
not ' launch new literary work ; upon i this :
day.- ¦ i :;¦'¦¦•",;; .¦•.;;;.¦;_-,-.;-.•-.¦.-.'
A changeable aspect- will, characterize
the stock market;. Minerals should' take,
a sudden rise at 12 m. -; .
, i March 1, Saturday— This day .will be un
der, most , propitious .influences.: , All deals
consummated*, in", the .- afternoon', should'
'¦ bring: excellent; results. . ¦•.'.. -
Grain* should; be^very changeable upon
. this day.- _- Oils and minerals should rise a
few... points.", Sugar ¦; should go up .at '11
o'clDck.' ¦''¦'- '"-' "!.."¦ ?'¦ ./¦'¦¦•^'i-'v,^
•_;¦ ¦-, "-,:' Birthdays.
'-. February ' 23.V, Sunday^-Those , who '"¦ cele- ¦
brateltheir"; birthday: upon i this ; date; will
experience • a i year, full of sudden changes.'.
Lav/i suits ; should « be avoided.;- Some 5 may
meet i; unexpected. .' financial , losses. / The'
young should r use great care in. the selec-"!
tion * of, life ' partners. . - , :. ... ., ;.
- February 24.*. Monday— -This will prove- to ;
be a ¦ fortunate year. for business t men' and
financiers," but an, unlucky. one for the love
affairs ; of ''young ¦.,* people, "c ¦ Prof essionai
people " should -. be successful ; during the
next : twelve; months." ; • :: ; • ;
-•• February. 25, Tuesday— A quiet, unevent-.
, : f ul year awaits those whose birthday falls
upon > this ' date. v.' The*, commercial routine
of business " people I will be "-; undisturbed.
Young girls - may = experience love affairs."
:, February ;2C, -Wednesday— There * will -be
¦ money, losses and, business annoyances for'
those -- who I celebrate 3 the ; j anniversary of
their birth upon, this date.' Prudence ami
¦ care ¦ should : be : exercised by all. in regard
to their; health. The . young .will enjoy so
cial.; pleasure, but 'should; not risk mar-'
: riage during this 'year."*- 1 -. "¦¦-•" . * .; •.".:
' "February 27, Thursday— This year prom-"
Ises -promotion . to employes ~ and ¦ losses ; to
speculators : if > their: birthdays falls .upon
-,this:date..,v"Widows;shouUi-have offers of
marriage.'.' Musicians and. artists '.should
• find : this a lucky, year.", '- . ./¦*: . "¦
-i Fc-iiruary 28, jFriday— Young people | may
; havelcause: for grief : during this 'year ;and
¦.older. people had. best be prepared for Bud
; den and unanticipated :: happenings. ': Some
will ">be '¦ fortunate ; through : inherHance: ¦- : , ;
• * Mai-ch'l," Saturday— This* win a faVbr-
able year .'for; all .who* celebrate their
birthday-, to-day.. ":'. Both_ business* and
money; should increase -and | investments
; should - bring * large >. revenues.! The young
should ;,be-> happily "^ married.. during the
¦coming twelve months. . '. . - ;
-'"; Birth's.' '.
.(.The children born during ithis ..weeki
will";, be '<, of .'¦ happy f. -'unselfish V dispositions.'
They \ will be - : successful i In'.lif e" and Lwill ;
• choose .occupations : that develop ¦• the ' prod- '
uceiaftheiearth;" ¦¦-.'.••. - _. ..- ..^ '.''¦: '¦."-'*i
February ! 23, ' Sunday— The born
iUpbnithls day 'willbefond of travel.-iThe :
,boys should become successful explorers,
prospectors - and transportation managers.
The girls will be energetic and will devote
much time to gardening.
¦February 24,' Monday— The ; children of
.to-day will.be clever', and persevering.
They ¦ will be prosperous in their under
takings and- should rise to high positions
in life. ; . . - ¦; .
February ; 23, ¦> Tuesday— These children
will be ;generous :ami -should do great
good in :the- world. Tho3e"born at mid
night or , at 5 a. m. should be gifted in
ventors. The girls will. be lucky and will
be ; independently; inclined.' • -
¦ -February ; 2i>, -Wednesday— These chil
dren r . will. be ; successful in business, but
will: foe prodigal -in their, tendencies. 'The
girls will not be very happy in married
careers, 'but should: become teachers,'mu
sicians ¦; or business ,- women. '
'¦.-¦ February 27,' ¦ Thursday— The children
born, upon this day. 'should -be carefully,
•guided* while' they/are quite young. They
will be careless "and generous to a fault,"
and will do best in the employ of others.
•February- 28,r Friday— This -day. falls
upon one of the lucky: dates of the year's
calendar," and.: the -children 'born to-day
should be of brilliant , mentalities." . The
boys should become: dealers In crude ma
terials and should i be - successful finan
ciers;^' :,.'."' - ¦.'¦¦'. , ¦ ¦¦ ¦ '-. :¦ ' " . , . *
' March ; 1. V Saturday— The children born
upon "i this - day . will be attractive of per
sonality i and -i will ': be : fortunate in ,all > of
their undertakings. : The boys should "be-i
come successful miners of coal, ores "and
.oils. ¦ Thtf : girls ' will be / social leaders.
Synagogue you will ; still find the women
Bitting in the gallery . by themselves.
They are not allowed to sit with the men
at all, so the men '.cannot complain of
their hats.
Seriously for a moment, the question 13,
Can a matter of that. kind be determined
by legislation? Take the instance of the
theaters. The whole -matter came about
by one or two ladiea beginning to do that
thing before it. became general, and it
was .only after a good many did it that
the authorities of the theaters thought it
a good t^ing. Then it became an insti
tution, and as soon as it became an in
stitution there was legislation on the sub-.
Ject. In the same way it is probably not
best to: agitate the question until it Is
apparent that women themselves desire
this change. I have never heard a man
complain about a woman's bonnet in
church, but women have no business go
ing to church with extravagant bonnets.
EEV. FRANK K. BAKERi
A good deal of thu is folderol, I think.
Peopie are death on laas. Ul course mere
is an evil and . an inconvenience that
' snould ue removed, but it is not nearly so
bad us it's made out to oe. Some one
starts these things and some entireties
liJteUo take them up. This uidii'u start
with the church, but witn the tneater.
I. would not want some women to take
oft their hats in cnureh. It is Dad enough
to preach to them with their hats on, they
are' so nomely. And I'm not so- sure tnac
people are so anxious to see the preaccev,
eitner, tor a large part of them go to
bleep, anyhow.
Aly . old grandfather used to tell the.
stoiy of old .freacher Gruber back in
Pennsylvania, i Airs. Gruber wanted a
bhaker bonnet .and he wouldn't get her
one, so she sold a bureau one day when
he was away from her home and bought
one f cr herself. . The next Sunday, when
the walked into church," old Gruber cried:
¦ "Make way, make way, make way, peo
ple; there comes Mrs. Gruber with a bu
reau on her head." ;.
-Of course It's time to call a halt when It
comes to anything like that— when women
wear three-story hat3 with balconies all
around. 3ut so far as my congregation is
concerned," I have never seen anything ot
the kind. I think there i3 more reform
needed in the interior of the people, and
that will knock the extra stories off their
hats. When they get down to~ simplicity,
in mode of life, it will be all right.
-Perhaps there ought to be some prohibi
tion in the style of . headgear, but in all
1 the 'churches I have attended in San
/Francisco there is so much room in tho
I pews . that ¦ people can ' spread themselves
out and not be disturbed by anybody's
hat/ It i3 the inborn selfishness of hu
manity that makes each one rush to get
¦ there, and get 'everything to bo had. re-
I gardless of other. people. In a crowded
auditorium women 'have no right, and
their own good taste should prevent them
rirom , putting on ; anything so extrava
gantly large as to interfere with others.
".\- 1 .think there i3 a sort of dignity about
Va- woman ¦ with', her'-liat on. It is a part
of -her costume in church, and I would
not ask her to take it off. It would seem
a" breach of propriety to do It, and, be
sides, I would not want to see them with
their hats off. In any event, it is not my
business to make such a request. Let it
be done, if need be. by the officials of the
church. Nor would I announce it from
the pulpit. I do ; not think a preacher
should lower his dignity by meddling with
that sort of thing. It js humiliating and I
would not want them to think it was the
dictation- of ¦ the preacher. On the whola
I think the men should keep their mouths
shut in . this matter. They should be the
last to criticize the women or say to them
"Take off your hats."
BE V. BURR M. \ WEEDE2T.
*As'to the' proposed change In the eth
ics; and forms of church going I do not
think it is likely to reach the Episcopal
church at all. I do ; 'not find that. any of
the congregation experience any incon
venience on account:of hats on the head3
of • the •women, except in cases where
women indulge their'-love of millinery to a
very great extent? when they come to
church.- -If a. woman* dresses modestly. <ij
all good church women do in the house of
God, she la not likely by her headgear to
present an obstacle to the view of those
behind her. I am glad'to say that in the
congregation of St. Luke's I know of no
Instance of unusual and undignified dress
on the part'of any. .
It has always been the principle of tho
Episcopal church that women should havo
their heads covered In the house of God.
That principle has perhaps no . relation
whatever to the moraltles of the present
day, but it was a principle laid down by
St. Paul, who spoke by inspiration of -the
Holy Spirit; and we try even In these
. lesser details of the doctrine of the Bible
"to be obedient in our worship. In fact,
it is the more exact foron a form usually
followed, for women to ; have their heads
covered .'with a veil even at confirmation,
at the laying on of hands. I don't think
any moral principle is at stake whatever,
and I am certain that the Episcopal
church and the great Anglican commun
ion of which she is a pars.will never au
thorize or sanction .such- change in the
customs of the day.
MISS JENNIE BliAIIU :
Oh, dear! "Why should woinen take their
hats off?, It seems an absurd proposition.
The, pulpits in all the churches I have at
tended are elevated to such an extent that
no one can have difficulty, in seeing tho
minister. . ¦ . ,
. Of. course at the theater 'it is different.
A play may be completely spoiled by soil*
woman's silly hat. But' even there It is
very inconvenient to take oft one's hat
and. hold it, together with opera-glasses,
fan and whatnot. " .'
- If women are asked to take off their hats
in church, no doubt they will do it cheer
fully, but it will be a great nuisance.
BEV. WILLIAM KTTtTC GTJTHRIE
I think It" Is a very-good thing for
women to remove their hats. I think ona
of the main principles of Christianity is
to do unto others as you would that they
should do to you, and:- certainly It you
were behind a large hat' and desired to
see the speaker— a very; Important thing,
as, a sermon very often '..loses Its fores
where you cannot see the speaker— you
would certainly wish that bat removed.
That's the thought; and -then if you make
application of the principle, :you would
remove your own hat, for, example is bet
ter : than precept And- why • sEould the
i theater and the secular, lecture be ahead
of the church in what Is 'clearly a Chris
tian principle? ' .- •-•¦ -
The practice of putting on your be3t
¦ clothes on Sunday is the development of
a good principle, but nowadays It is car
ried rather too far and perhaps a rem
edy for the evil would be,., Instead of re
v moving the hat, to change vthe character
of it. There are many styles of headgear
that . are - simple.* modest and inoffensive,
and -the clothes and appearance of a per
son 1 , should. be, of ¦ that., quiet character
which accords .with a" spirit of reverence
in the house of God.
CHARLES r. WEBB HOWARD.
It " depends entirely . on the arrangement
of .the seats. If they are .so arranged that
a ' woman's hat discommodes -. any . one, I
say yes ; if not, I say no. And that ap
plies to all: public audiences.. Every one
wants to see the speaker, and If a wo
"man's hat Is so big that it makes others
twist r this ¦ way > and that to see, then
woman — !•"_ use -the ¦ word -^ collectively —
should be as willing to remove that which
discommodes or. inconveniences others as
man is. > HJIIllllWJASaMBHHBHBfias little hnir on the temples as possible
and dress it high. One with a low brow,
when the. eyes are. not' set too high,
should keep the hair off. her forehead in
front and . arrange a few wavy locks on
the temples. A receding . bro w,. should - be
partly covered with fluffy, hair. The bad
effect of high cheek bones can- be modi
fied by combing the hair. over the tem
ples. cHBgn»«f^ra
- A j broad-faced woman, with tapering
chin; should avoid a style of .halrdresslng
which calls for; curls or fluffy waves on
either, side of .the head, the : triangle por
tion of the . face being 'thereby brought
Into greater prominence. For' the broad
face and heavy'Jaw no straight lines of
any 6ort; instead, the hair should be ar
ranged : in fluffy ¦'-• coils -that •"• will give
breadth tp the top of :the head.? Flufll
ress fortunately . is ; still wi th us; although ¦
not- the fluffiness of the past: r
The' Madonna Coiffure Calls for
Classic Type. of Beauty.
For the" Madonna coiffure the features ;
must'be; fine: and delicate.; the, eyes soft'
and modest and the complexion.faultless-
ly clear. : It requires a really classical,' not ¦
to say beautiful, face<to dress the hair in
this style. . This may, be also: said' of the
Psyche knot— a • pretty - style '¦ for :. the . fair -
girl graduate when she does not wear. her
mortar board .and 'Oxford gown— but ft,
too, demands a somewhat : classic outline
of feature. ¦¦• • .; . " ¦• ¦•¦;.-¦ ' ' '. ; . . .-:
¦ A quaintly, charming and beco.ming coif
fure—which one ; must be : something ¦ of ! a
beauty! to attempt— Is to, wear the hair in
two very, thick > plaits,: carried , across from
ear. to ear,. making exactly 'the line 'of. an
old-fashioned' nightcap,: such ¦ as opi s sees
on ; old village , women. :"• As i a -rule; <i-»iaint
simple modes, (while becoming to I a beau
tiful .woman,' are trying; to a plain one, -It
is the plain woman then who-may go In
for styles. that; are very.' English or very
French, and .very fashionable. She may
™i D Of ( ? eheroine of a' three-volume
w Jh > ty 5, he w . ay \ !lf the ha «r Is waved
V,,Tf he t la **. wo f dln ' Parisian coiffures il
lustrates this idea.. There are three waves
pn the forehead.: with the sides taken up
loosely; over; the , ears i to the ¦ back, ' where
they, join ina heavy knot at the nape of
the : neck.*' ; On the ; crown • are ¦ loosely rip
pling i waves ¦ held with tortoise ¦ combs. •>
Very i few faces ; are sufficiently faultless
in outline. to dispense with the pretty and
becoming wavy, curly locks as a framing
for th« face. Only? very youthful girls.
very beautiful ones, or very strong mind
ed ones, brush the hair severely back
from the face. . A plain . woman, without
a suggestion of : one or two wavy locks
about face.- has either been disap
pointed in love, is interested In -women's
clubs, or wants to vote. Venus de Medici
could not preserve her reputation for
good looks an hour under such treatment.
t, If i til 6 **"* I s P^f cQy formed, it may
b^ left bare, but if long and scrawny it
should have a few stray loose, curly locks.
This refers more particularly to evening
coiffure. The "lovers' knot" makes a
charming effect for a pretty neck. The
wavy hair forms three puffs, with curls
on a line with it, but the woman with a
Roman or long nose had better erect it'on
top of her head to avoid showing the ex
treme length— from the tip of her nose to
the final curl. A round face needs hair
arranged on top of the head, or, at least,
it should be brushed o£T the forehead and
the part In the middle should be avoided
If the hair is worn parted a becoming
way fcr the woman who has passed her
first youth is to part it on the side. This
¦will take a few years- or so — five at least
— from her age, and givo piquancy to th<*
expression. The parting. should be slight,
not a pronounced line, which Is hard and
masculine.
Any one with a broad brow should wear
outset study and then adopt the style of
coiffure that best suite the contour of
head, beauty being greatly affected by
the way in which hair Is arranged; bad
points are softened and even obscured,
and good ones brought Into prominence.
No universal mode can be blindly fol
lowed if a woman would have artlstlo
proportions and bring out the best expres-,
Bion of her face.
For example, the severity of a Roman
nose may be tempered by the arrange
ment of the hair, which should not be
pompadour, but parted softly from tho :
face and gathered gracefully at the crown
of the head; the owner of a small nose
can with safety wear the hair arranged
blonde curls, or inky purple tresses, which
unbalance my peace of mind."
The EllckneEs and eheen of a woman's
head, without doubt, make a strong ap
peal to a man and cause him to succumb
•without a struggle. Nor is it unnatural
that this feature should appeal so directly
to his sense of womanly beauty. Having
to go close cropped himself, with a Eteru
repression of curls and crimps as effem
inate, men unite In adoring the charming
ly combed hair of their women friends.
• Some few of the. fairer eex are clever
enough to appreciate this fact, and at th«
{Copyright. 1902, bjf'the S. B. McClure Com
pany.)
TO speak slightingly of the dangers
connected with the eword of Damo
cles, which, as you know, was sus
pended by a single hair, is one
man's fancy. He cays "a single
hair is safe enough: it's a head full of
Hints on Dressing, the' Hair
to Hake a Fair Face Fairer
and a Plain One Less Notice
ably Faulty— How the Sever
ity of a Roman Nose May Be
Tempered — The Contour of
Head and Face Must Be •
Studied— Flufflness Still Pre
vails, but Mot the Flufflness
"We Have Had Before—Char
acter in the Hair.
Character Shown by tha Hair.
Woman may show her character more
by her hair than by eyes, nose, lips or ex
pression. Golden hair, ot a soft, pale
gold, without undulation, shows gentle
ness and ' tenderness, but no force of
character, if with pale blue-colored eyes,
it "is indicative of coquetry; if with pale
blue gray eyes, a r.entimental, but incon
stant person. Women with pale, blonde
hair are affectionate, impulsive and easily
moved to Jealousy. Chestnut hair of a
soft silky texture, and not very thick,
shows a romantic disposition: this hair
is never seen on commonplace realistic
people. Fine bljfck hair shows a high
strung and sensitive nature. Dark brown
hair i3 indicative of loyalty to a worthy
object that cannot be shaken by ill for
tune. People whose hair Is harsh have
amiable but cold natures. They are al
ways ready to listen, but it is difficult to
arouse their feelings. They rarely have
good memories:- they forget easily, are
procrastinators and bad at keeping ap
pointments. Coarse hair denotes ob
stinacy. It must be borne in mind that
there is a great difference bet-ween coarse
hair and hair that is harah, although It
requires an expert to distinguish it. For
example, hair may be as fine as silk, but
it cannot be trained in graceful waves;
that is because the hair is harsh.
Close-growing hair indicates violent L
temper;, without any wave or curl, a mel--^
ancholy disposition; wavy or curling and
thick hair shows force of character and a
certain ardor in love matters.
at -one side: the front is pompadour— a
good style for a round face. Especially
for 4 matrons is the "transformation coif- »
fure," also a. new French conceit. Yha
front Is wavy, with small finger puffs at
the top.
The clever French woman has many
ways of disposing of those short, stray
hairs at the nape of the neck, which often
stand out when the hair is dressed at.tht*
altitude and v convert the most demurs
Ken tie woman into a veritable Madge
"Wildfire In appearance. They may be
curled very closely to the neck, turning
the ends in. This is a difficult matter to
accomplish without assistance. Another
simple way of disposing of them is to curl
the strands of hair at the neck; this
causes the short hairs to cling- to the oth
ers when brushed tip and gives a neat,
compact appearance to the entire coiffure.
No one needs to fear an excess of deco
ration for the coiffure: three or four side
combs and as many fancy pins are only
a beginning toward complete stylish hair
dressing. Mercury wings In spansled
gauze or set with precious stones are very
effective, and silver set with ordinary
brilliants is very showy. A dainty even
ing decoration is a narrow wreath of vio
lets or some fine flower around the back
hair and fastened at the top with an up
right bow of white satin ribbon. Feathers,
aigrettes and bows are still with us: most
charming la a* white aigrette y with dia
monds here and there, set In tiny wlre3
that tremble with every move of the head.
Equally as pretty and equally as expen
sive is the butterfly, with feather wtng3
and diamond body.
A dull gold brooch or one of tortotee
shell is pretty on fair hair to pin up tha i
"love locks"; a silver clasp Is better for!
black hair. One must suit the style o£<*
ornament to the shade of the tresses be
they coppery, Titlan-hued, reddish-yellow
or rust colored.
pays one ior the trouble. The making of
it takes a whole winter, and resembles in*
slowness the patchwork quilts of sacred
memory, but when done one has not only
an effective tablecloth, but a very dura
ble one, for the lace wears' well and the
linen supports it and gives it new body
and life. • .
Highly extravagant cloths, those In-,
tended for Easter wedding gifts, are made
of squares or wash silk in pink, alter
nated with squares of lace. The lace must
come in little patterns without raw edges,
and the silk must be hemmed to keep it
free from fraying. This Is really one
kind of patchwork, and when completed it
shows its- workmanship. . ¦
A cloth that rivals in richness anything
seen lately and bears the full stamp of
novelty is of a damask brocade, with
A clever girl who desires to give lunch
eons purchased some pink wash muslin,
quite sheer, and sewing it together made
a spread or cloth. Over, this she ar
langed a lace tablecloth of her own man
ufacture. This was in strips of linen with
lace insertion sewed around the edge.
There were two strips of the lace, one
coming under the plates. In the -middle
was a square of. lace. The lace, by tha
way, was one of the heavy novelty va
rieties, warranted to wash well. ,
Fads in Table Laws, y^-^
As an aside it may be stated that it is
the very latest idea to cleanse table laces
in a water that is a very weak starch.-
A teaspoonful of starch to less than a
tub of water is about the right! propor
tion. Two waters will usually suffice and
the wnole must be aone Dy squeezing in
stead of rubbing. When' stains will posi
tively not come out' the entire cloth is
dyed a light blue in some patent dye, or
is given a rich butter color in any adver
tised yellow dye stuff.. -
A cloth of the best linen one can afford,
with squares of diamonds of , lace ap
pllqued all. over it, so that the diamonds
touch each other, is {something that re-
economical for tne mrauy purse, tor one
can keep a table in a state of polish at
a much lower rate than one can keep a
set of table cloths- in repair, and as to
replacing them and keeping them up to
the standard of fashionable requirements
it takes a positive genius as well as a
long purse.
The luncheon table of Miss Plerpont
Morgan, caressed by a pink silk spreaJ,
v/ith lace thrown over it, the whol«*
caught by ribbon bows and further caughi.
•with Catherine Alermet roses at the four
corners, with sprays of maidenhair ferns
under each plate to form a mat, elicits
admiration and mental applause. But
how is it practical for the every-day wo
man with a small purse? "
Doilies or "table mats," as they are
called in more I homely parlance, come
for placing under the principal dishes of
the home table and for general utility
It Is difficult to state just how many
doilies could bo employed during: one din
ner upon a well-dressed table. There are
the smallest of doilies to go under the
finger bowls, between the bowls and the
little plates upon which the bowls are
served and tiny ones for the olive and
almond plates.
Then, there are the large, square doilies
to He under, each cover and it is these
doilies which are the most serviceable of
all. A dinner table set with knives, forks,
spoons, glasses and with a handsome
doily at each place Is a charming sight
though fashion does not say that this
dolly Is absolutely necessary. Yet it
certainly preserves the cloth and the cus
tom of. using it thus In the setting of the
table is worthy of imitation.
Of. the making of doilies any house
keeper will tell you that there is positively
no end; and she will point to the pile
of them fresh from the hands of the laun
dress, as well as to heaps of them in the
linen closet, while others await her busy
needle.
The Making of Doilies. •
If one uses just the good linen cloth,
' and to do even this requires considerable
outlay, one needs the doily. Indeed, the
doily is an indispensable adjunct upon
any table, be it a lace-covered one or one
of linen. And here comes the real'oppor
tunity, for handiwork.
rusca upun it. U'nese. are emoroiderea In.
their natural colors, with the embroidery
stuffed a little to make it more natural.
The stems, leaves and even the little
shadowy background all has its share of
embroidery.
The edges of the cloth are lace trimmed
or plain. It is not considered essential
that there should be any trimming upon
these edges, though Mrs. Lawson of Bos
ton, whose table decorations are said to
be the prettiest in the world, has a cloth
trimmed around the edge with lace, with
plaitings of chiffon underneath the lace.
The dressing- of the table begins with
the cloth. There are families that prefer
the polished table and at one time it was
unquestionably popular, but now the sight
of a polish is rare, while the use of the
table cloth is almost universal. You must
call it the hunger cloth when you are
talking- for company.
It may be stated that were the polished
table to prevail it would be much more
The Hunger Cloth.
But it is not with the matter of a pot
of plants or a center piece that the table
decorations end.
The matter of a centerpiece is ex
cusably critical, for it is on steady view
from the beginning to the ned of the meal:
and the woman who brings out a pot of
palms and sets it upon a circle of glass,
a mirror, perhaps, and places the whole
upon the middle of the table has per
formed an act which is appreciated by the
whole family. .
The matter of dressing: the table is car
ried to such an extent in certain house
holds that its excessive decorations lay
the hostess cpen to accusations of ex
travagance. One sees the most lavish ex
penditure of time, and not only time, but
money, all put forth upon some trifle up
on which the table dishes are to be set
forth.
It is undoubtedly a fact that the table
offers the greatest field lor a woman's en
deavor and the most satisfactory one.
There is no ¦well-regulated home in which
the family does not sit three times a day
to a well-ordered meal; and at these
times it is not only the food that is en
joyed, but the table decorations as. well.
Whatever may be the object for which
her chining weapon plies itself it is cer
tain that the woman who is doing the
work is desirous of accomplishing some
thing pretty. She wants new articles with
¦which to embellish her home or the
homes of her friends.
Possibly her needle may be busily em
ployed upon a little work of art to be
given as an Easter wedding present, and
for that reason she is double particular
about its results. '¦.'¦•'¦¦¦''.'...
+1 Y EW and artistic hunger cloths and
/\ I doilies to employ the time and the
I M fingers of the woman who sews
\ \ for her family or for sweet char-
V, lty's cake.
She may be sewing for the charity pale
which is to take place six weeks hence,
directly after Easter.
Or she may be sewing for her own
family.
Those who recall the Old Dutch
days of New York will tell you that it
was the custom for the housewife to not
only do her own table mending but the
washing of her own little linen and lace
works of art. On Saturday morning a
servant would bring in a pan of soft wa
ter made sudsy with white soap; and an
other pan of clear water, with a third
pan of starchy water.
Seated at her dining 1 table, with rings
laid aside and sleeves pushed up to the
elbow, the thrifty dame would squeeze
out her table laces and hand them from
pan to pan. Finally, she passed them
over to a maid to be carefully pulled in
shape and dried in the sun. No other
hands could do the work as well or as
lovingly. :¦-¦¦;
To take care of one s own table is no
disgrace, be It cups or linen; and In these
days of delicacy of appointment it be
comes actually necessary fflr a woman to
exercise a personal supervision or the
drain upon the family purse will exceed
her possibilities.
AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
The House-wife's Work.
use wherever a large or a h<?t dish is to
be placed.
The necessity for these 13 appreciated
In the shops, where one can buy seta of
woolen table mats; and in every home
there is some one skilled in the art of
knitting these mats in various sizes; but
it is much more up to date to use the
doily and, If . necessary, it can be rein
forced with *a thin lining of cotton flannel
with a reverse side of linen to protect
the table from the heat ot the vegetaoie
and meat dishes.
The. Useful Kind.
A set of these very useful table decora
tions was made in light blue denim, cut
In oblong shapes and worked around the
edge with a border of roses done in long
stitch embroidery. There was an edge
of coarse blue colored lace. This was a.
very useful every-clay set and one that
would stand washing many times.
Another set showed a long table raa^
nearly two yards long and only half a
yard wide. This was intended for a scarf
to travel down the length of the table.
It was made of heavy white linen, dec
orated along the edges with diamonds of
lace set on cornerwise. Under each dia
mond was set a square of deep pink.wash
silk. At the plates were smaller mats
to match. •¦'- :¦¦¦
Those who like all white, and who do
not particularly desire lace for everyday
•wear, when one day, or two at most,
marks the life of a tablecloth, can use
the long 1 linen strips that come by ths
yard and decorate them with embroidery
and drawn work. The drawn work ones
are always beautiful, and for those who
have eyesight and patience there la no
limit to the elegance to which a tablo
spread can be carried. The Mexicans do
this drawn work In a superior manner
and a good piece of their skill brings
mere than fine lace.
In making drawn work It is now the
practice to use a little stitching- along the
borders where the drawn work is to de
terminate. Thus outlined with linen
threads. It is easier to pull the stitches
and the work of drawing: out is not so
taxing to the eyesight.
For those who will not do drawn work
there is a new frill. Linen of the finest
kind is boldly cut in squares. Along the
edge of a handsome linen doily there are
openings made, square, oblong or round,
and under these there are pieces of con
trastinc linen set.
Old Fashioned Patchwork.
It requires a little careful handling of
the needle to do this work well and won- I
derfully. It seem3 like putting a patch
in the goods, which it really is. The con- /
vent sisters, patient, good souls, do this
•work so exquisitely that ladies who can
afford to pay the prices are rushing oft
with their squares of linen and taxing
the eyesight of the sisters to its fullest
capacity.
A set. of doilies of yellow wash silk
was pin-tucked throughout the entire
width. The whole was then laid upon, a.
square of lace so that the lace projected
on every tide, one mat over another, a
mat cf silk over a mat of lace.
The hand-painted doily is here to stay.
but it is an extravagance, a woful waste
of money, you will say, and of time and
thought. A beautiful centerpiece designed
by a New York artist showed a circle of
¦white satin with an edge embroidered la
several shades of lavender. Purple Irl3,
with the long conventional green leaves,
was arranged around the middle. The
iris was done in hand-patntifig, to be
ruined at one drop of water.
There is a way for protecting the hand
. painted centerpiece, and It is by mean3
of a circle of glass. This really adds to
the appearance of the centerpiece. The
glass may be beveled and as heavy a3
desired, and it may be a fine piece of
plate class. But results almost as good
and in some cases really better are ob
tained with plain glass that Is merely
cut circular and smoothed along the edge
to allow of Us being handled. The glass
must not be too thin or it will break un
der the weight of the fruit dish. It is .
not Intended as a looking glass, but it is
clear glass, through which the beauty of
the centerpiece can be plainly perceived.
ThrnSS ¦ M^acJij '
ijjprtjhS |he Qutgt
Says to Corns.
THE. SUJTDA-Y -t-'ALL.,
4
BEAUTY
QUEST
THE LENTEN
SEWING CIRCLEWare had : many female admirers, . who
used - to ; hover- about ; the ; store : and : chat
with ' him in ;. the evenings.* ; Ain'orig M the
The murder around which the most im
penetrable mystery hangs Is that' of Eu
gene Ware, a drug clerk*of. the St.rNich
olas pharmacy, who was found at 1:15 a.
m. December 14, 1894, by Police Officer
O'Day. Q'Day - while patrolling in '_; the
nelghborh'ooa looked acrossj and , noticed
that there was no. light in the drugstore,
which' was an unusual circumstance, ; for
even' when ¦ the , store was closed ' the light
was always burning. ' He crossed the
street, . tried the door, found' it unlocked
and : walked" in. , The cash register was
open and various drugs were heaped . in
confusion.. At the end of the stone steps
leading to the basement x>f the ¦ store ; lay
; the V lifeless body of Ware. ' Nineteen
wounds, evidently made with a sharp
dagger, lacerated ; his body. Fit
looked. like the work of a maniac. Then
the theory of robbery .was advanced^ but
on investigation nothing 'was found jto ; fee
'missing except some small change, which
might have been spent -by, Ware himself
before he closed up.; Clots "of blood "found
at the head of the ( stairs * gave rise' to; the
theory that the murder, was* committed up
stairs and that the body was ¦ taken down
the steps. V. • ' ' " .' ../'' '> ' '¦: '/¦''<
.Mystery has always surrounded this
deed, "but," said Lees, ..••Frederica Drell
was killed by Lucky Bays, who'murdered
her for her money."
' No one was found around the premises;
but an old. black cat lay curled up sound
asleep on the breast of her mistress. In
quiry could bring: nothing to light. - The
cat. must have been the only witness to
the deed.- ' ' - '
Here In 18S0 Miss Frederica Drell, an old
woman, ; was strangled. She was spoken
of for years afterward as "j>oor old Fred
erica Drell." - - . .
pont streets. It stands back and has a
high garden fence, which is used as a
signboard for Chinatown guides.
¦':{ The \ body . was ( " discovered ; : by, r John :. F.
Sulllvari; [b. night ! watchman at' the"; broad
gauge i depot. ' He was gblrig home at '¦ 6:15
/Henry- Flans,- a\ young ¦man of 25, .who
had":Just been appointed manager : of. the
Frederlcksburg : brewery in San J Jose In
No vember,^ JL892, :.w'as\ found hanging I to ; a
pepper .-. tree \ on ¦• Julian street; near i. the
bridge.';.;' -'.V, .v.-'."^.' •'••• ' t';p -¦''''! ' .'.
"Butthe real murderer, of Jennie Bon
net escaped^to Canada,'!, declares Captain
' Lees.lt'rourdered a man 'there and Just as
"we had! Becured evidence: arid were mak
ing ¦ arrangements to bring Vblm . back ¦ he
.himself.;/ But "we got the' whole
'confession out of his wife.'* . '.
. Back .' In 1S76 Jennie \ Bonnet, 'the French
frog catcher,, an eccentric young : French-,
woman, who used to bring frogs to .the
restau'rarits, f was '- shot ; arid killed at 'the
Eight-mile • House . down on the county
road. ¦>'¦', . !'.\'i^^^^^;i ; .
On the night of the : murder she was
rooming with Blanch Bifneau,: another
Frenchwoman, and s it - was 1 thought "that
the shot was aimed: at Blanch!, 'A 'tria'ii
named; Glrard, was arrested^' but "soon re;
leased., ; .
; Another <•; theory ; tried to \ connect Dur
rant" with';: the; murder when his '• horrible
crimes^came to light a' few months later.
It^ was asserted that .Ware and^ Durrant
were friends and ' were Interested ¦ in . the
same '; girls,' but ' It was denied \ as ' many
times: as it .was asserted. \ .
customers who had noticed this was Mils
F. Jackson, who came to the store on, the
fatal 'evening ..to get a: headache powder.
She- testified that a dark-eyed Jewess,
dressed! in black, was engaged in conver
sation with ,Ware, and told him she would
"shake", her friend— -a man who .was wait
ing for her outside^ :.. - ' •
¦ Miss / Jackson - saw her Join her. friend
outside, ¦ who seemed to be very t angry.
Upon 'these circumstances. and' in default
of a better theory it was thought thatthe
man, angered by , Jealousy, r returned to
the store later and killed the' clerk. /* .
Officer - Nicholson - was ; stabbed In >. the
neck by : an . unknown Chinese burglar
near .the corner, of] Mason and Paciflo
streets in February, 1884.' The ¦ Chinaman
got in the , grocery store , over a transom.
When he came out he had a clock and
started to run. Nicholson ran ' after ;hlm.'
A who i had .not yet*, reached the
corner, could .not 'testify : ' that he'saw the
murder, ; but he heard : the shots from '¦ the
police"; officer's i ,The ? I Chinaman
had \ a. ! chisel . ; with ' which he '¦! stabbed
Nicholson In the; Jugular, vein. >The s clock
was found In an empty; lot/ The China-'
man ; was 'caught, ' but the ' evidence . • was
lacking,, as 'the only , witness merely
-.¦-¦ *—":—•.---¦•-•> .• • . .
1 .'.'Lost ' his" life; in ! discharge of duty^V is
the : statement that t halos six of ;our po-'
lice j officers,'? and ".but "one, r: John' Runk,
paid for his crime* in the extreme penalty
of :thie;law. : He shot Charles- J. Coots, {a
substitute officer, c In April," 1877, and was
hanged for the ; crime ¦, one year, later.'
And on such flimsy threads as these are
theories l built up "and again .torn'; down In
the "face, of evidence : from Ja different
source '( and of a * different nature. ¦ , -
The anarchists at , that time in San
Jose were" banded together against ; those
who . did not 'belong, f This "theory , : ,^raa
further substantiated ; by . . the . fact : that
Flan'z on his appointment' discharged'sev
eral men' who 'were supposed' to' be anar
chists, and : the : 11th ; of ¦ November, '.the
night - of the murder, " is 'the anniversary"
of the Haymarket riots and a day sacred
to thefcause of anarchy. ; . \ '.=
The first theory, was the anarchist sug
gestion ; there .was * the midnight assas
sination and , the holding up of the trag
edy, with" its . spectacular : and semi-boast
ful effect -to' a shocked f community. - v.
Evidences on. the road and marks : on
the shoes Bhowed that the body had been,
carried; for some .distance before it was
hanged/ '.'•':': ¦-:,¦'•-. "¦ '• ':>...'¦'¦¦¦' •. '
on the morninr of the 12th. and on cross
ing a vacant lot looked ~up and saw this
ghastly tragedy hanging in front of him.
Just before, the, crime; a man was seen
to drive up and enter the house of which
Nellie" Harrington was the landlady.
After ;a;time -he was seen to come*, out
aadjdrlyejawaV. _
; The i only person : who could have fur
nished any clew to the ¦ crime .was l killed
before . he had time- to make a statement
to the police, ' . :
.""On the first Jury one Hurley hung out
and disagreed ]/wlth .the others on the
murder decision.'and when, the case was
appealed and: Curtis bought the Jury
through his spokesman Hurley one of , the
Jury, up , and died."
: Miss' Nellie- Harrington, a spinster,
about 45 years of age, was murdered In
her room June 1, 1895. The murderer ; tried
to coyer up his traces by. heaping clothes
on? the" body, saturating them with oil
and setting it all on: fire. t?^>£&
: '"Why 'was he acquitted? Well, I will
tell you— because he spent J8O,(toO ' on the
jury. ; , '. .
"In the case of the murder of Alexan
der Grant, officer of police, M. B.' Curtis
was the ; murderer, and you can say that
I -said so, and I think that every fair
minded" man thinks so, too," said Lees
emphatically. "He stands morally con
rioted 1 before the world, and wherever
he may go he is morally branded as a
murderer. M. B. Curtis, alias Maurice
B. Strellinger,. killed Alexander Grant,
but he . was acquitted. '
Another mystery^ case that is still pend
ing Is that of Officer Eugene C. Robinson,
who died from a gunshot wound received
while {trying to. arrest a trio of foot
pads at the corner of Valencia and Six
teenth streets".
Lieutenant William 3&' Burke was shot
on Bernal - Heights in March, 1396, and
Hainea, his ¦ murderer, was sentenced to
life Imprisonment. .
heard the shots and did not see the mur
der. -¦-'¦ -
Under the head of mysterious murders
in - the records "comes that of Edwin J.
Osgood, who was ' found with a knife
wound in the neck "Inflicted by an un
known assassin." His body was found
at 3:30 a. m.. December 13, 18S5, at the
corner of Pacific and Dupont streets, so
says the record. But ex-Chief Lees says
he was stabbed by an English sailor, who
after the crime boarded a ship and went
to Portsmouth, England. The city at
that time did not ' have the contingent
funds to . make \ the trip and investi
gate the affair^ legally, and the Mayor
ordered the matter, dropped.'
And so things go down to posterity as
mysteries! *
Those who have visited Chinatown, have
probably . noticed the ¦ old ,: house on '- the
northwest corner of California and Du-
The neighbors heard the tacklag down
of carpets and were\convinced I that some
one slept In : the house. Suspicion , waa
aroused when , Le Roy went [ down to the
bank and . tried : to ' draw" Ekerret's 'money.'
Investigation brought the horrible fact to
light that Skerret • had been strangled - in
one of the closets of the Ellis-street house.
A Mr. Dollar, an accomplice, got the
key from a neighbor, and to > throw 'off
suspicion from Le Roy engaged the house
himself.
A parallel case of a body being found in
a vacant house occurred in the early '80's.
Wright Le Roy pretended that, he wanted
to buy property of Capitalist %kerret and
lured him Into a vacant house on Ellis
street with the avowed purpose of look
ing at the house.
"But there are no clewless murders."
"The Durrant case stands out. in the
annals of crime as being the most atro
cious on record, but the chain of circum
stantial evidence in the case was absolute
ly perfect— when they got through with
it—not a link missing. Yet at first it was
enveloped in mystery— as' far as the pa
pers and public were concerned,. but way
back from the public view the detectives
are oftentimes working out clews.
"I am in hope that In the present case,
by dint of " closely following each and
every clew, the perpetrator of the horri
ble crime may be discovered.
"That, is what ought to be, done. No
clew is .too trivial, no: hint too Insignifi
cant to follow, for It may open up a. field
for other theories. Then when the detec
tives have built up their. theory andf they
are confident It is the right one, something
comes in to overthrow it all and you must
start again from the beginning. ¦¦' .
"The murderer of Nora Fuller was a
moral pervert," declares . Captain Lees,
"another Theodore Durrant, who lured
his innocent victim on with feasible prom-.
Ises to a place where she would be help
lessly In his power and there he killed her
out of lustful wantonness. The scheme
had all the deep planning of a Durrant.
We are a restless people— a shifting city
of wanderers In this Western outpost,
through which the tide flows both ways,
representing every tribe and condition of
man. A cosmopolitan city is of necessity
an unsociable city and no man knows his
neighbor. In such a community there is
always an undercurrent of degradation
which gives vent to itself ; periodically in
horrible crimes. The community is
shocked and then those who, having eyes
see not, rub their sightless orbs and stare
and gasp, "Can such things be!"
Those statements are pertinent, coming
as they do in the aftermath of the awful
murders whose Investigation holds the
public attention at present.
women of the same social status In Den
ver and one in New York."
MYSTERIOUS murders? Mys
tertous Is a big word," said ex-
Chief. Lees when I asked him to
relate some of the mysterious
crimes that had come under his
investigation during almost half a century
of his term In office-''.' /.(¦'.
"Some of the crimes that seem' most
mysterious are the simplest when un
raveled. Lack of complication makes it
hard to get at a. loose end.
"Then way back of a murder Is that
mystery of motive.
"But Til tell you one thing I am going
to do before I pass in my checks and 6tep
down and out," said the captain. "I In
tend to dear up a few mysteries on which
I have collected sufficient evidence.
"Of mysterious murders there may seem
on the face of It to be many, but there
are few dewless murders.
"In nearly every case the^ murderer
etands morally convicted, but there Is a
distinction between moral conviction and
criminal conviction. A man may stand
morally convicted before the court and
the world and yet there may not be legal
evidence enough to convict him.
"The State fairly reeks In bloody stench.
There is the lynching case at Alturas;
and In this city the case of Policeman
Robinson's murder and the case of the
four conspirator strikers who killed Elce.
The Investigation of the Nora Fuller mur
der adds another chapter to the book of
crime.
"The cases that I expect soon to go
East to Investigate are the hitherto un
explained mysteries to the public of the
reign of terror of the tenderloin. I have
evidence that I hope to work up to place
blame where It belongs."
The murders to which Lees referred '
•were those which terrorized the "White
chapel of San Francisco in February and
March, 189&. Little May Smith, or Mag
gie McDermott, as she was known in her
district, was found strangled on the early
morning of February 10. May Smith was
a girl of beauty and young in crime. She.
was only 20. She had rooms back of a
ealoon. There were two entrances to her
rooms, one through the saloon and one
from the Eide street, and as her apart
ments were anything but exclusive It was
nobody's business In particular to notice
who entered or left.
The secrecy and at the same time the
abandon of those of her profession offer
scope for undetected midnight murders.
History abounds in Just such Instances.
The deed was done and the murderer
escaped and It was not until the collector
called for Maggie McDermoU's rent that
the crime was discovered.
Finger marks on her throat showed how
her* end had come. The police closely
patrolled the streets and cross-qupstloned
every one they could think of. when sud
denly right under their supervision an
other and more awful murder shocked the
community.
On the morning of March 10. a French
man, Caesar Chebart, found Bertha Para
dls dead In her rooms. * She had been
choked to death by means of a large
handkerchief, which had been forced
down her throat with the aid of a car
penter's pencil. Although Caesar Che
bart had been living with her, he was ob
viously the last man to have committed
the crime, and as in the Maggie McDer
mott case no one had taken cognizance
of her visitors.
Chief Lees declares that the curtain
has not fallen on the last of this tragedy.
"The Eair« person who committed ¦ these •
crimes in San Francisco strangled . three
Bowers was arrested, tried, convicted
and sentenced to death. Wtile in Jail his
brother-in-law, Henry Benhayon, was
found dead in a Geary street lodging
house. It was supposed to be suicide, but
in letters which he left he accused his
dead sister of unfaithfulness to her bus- '
band and confessed that he had com
mitted her murder. It developed that Ben
hayon had not committed suicide, but was
the pivot of a plot to free Dr. Bowers.
John A. Dlmmlg was suspected of being
an' accomplice of Bowers. He had rented,
the room where Benhayon died and to •
the trial it developed that Dtrnmig had
spent much time writing with the : dead,
man, over whom he exercised a strong '
Influence.
The Bowers case Involves -from on* to
five murders, unexplained as far as ths
law is concerned and unsatisfied In pun
ishment, for Bowers was finally released
and Dlmmigr was acquitted.
Recognized the King by
His Image on a Coin.
APART from photographs and en
gravings, the faces of most rulers
are familiarized to us by their
Images on the current coins of their
countries. Female vanity Is supposed to
have been the cause of preserving Queen
Victoria's girlish image on the coins and
postage stamps of England until the last
years of her reign, but hers was almost a
solitary exception and the designers of!
coins "generally aim at producing pictures
of the heads of states on them as they
really are. At the commencement of thi
present season, King Leopold was Is
Dieppe, and when strolling along the plage
there he entered, according to his custom,
into "conversation with the men working
on It. Withjrae of these, whose accent
showed him to be a Belgian.- he spoke for
a considerable time, and when he had left
the man turned to his companions and said
proudly, "That is my King." "He seems
an old friend," said one of the other work
men, Jestingly. VNo.'.'sald the other,'. "I
never saw him before." "How do you know
who he Is then?" asked the other, who
was manifestly in doubt as to the truth
of ; the Belgian's statement; but his
doubts were quickly set at rest when the
man to whom the King had spoken pro
duced- silently from ' his pocket and . held
up -¦ for . his observation a Belgian franc
bearing : on It King Leopold's . counterfeit
presentment.— Cor. Boston Transcript.
Dr. J. Milton Bowers was convicted and i
sentenced to death for the murder of
his wife. He' was a man of many wives.
• Cecilia, his fourth wife, died under clr- '
cumstances that pointed toward poison
ing. Investigation proved that his three
other wives had died suddenly and that
in each case he won the new wife before '
her predecessor was dead. Cecilia Bow-/
ers was Insured for about $14,000 In favor v?
of her husband.
Little Pete waa shot by highbinders la
Chinatown, but no one was singled out
or punished. The See Tup Society of
Chinatown was at variance with the Sara
Tup' and one of the best-known charac
ters of Chinatown was shot. Little Pete
was wealthy and looked up to and feared
by the whole of Chinatown and many, of
the white politicians and bosses.
Father Kedrovlanak! was found about •
this time in a doorway. He was la *
stupefied condition and died soon after
ward. The crime could not be fixed on
any one.
• About this time the body of the little,
two-year-old son of Antonio Pocceridio.
an Italian gardener, was found In a po
tato patch with the throat cut from ear
to ear.
No theories held together strong: enough,
to give evidence to point out the mur-.
derer.
George Howard, an expressman, was
found stabbed near Chinatown In 1S79.
The murder was not cleared up. but evi
dence showed that It was the work of *
highbinder.
Mrs. Sadie- Carpenter was strangled in
a room at the Hubbard House, 133 Fourth',
street, In July, 1898. Lizzie Riley. who
occupied the next room to Mrs. Car
penter's, heard a noise as if some one was
groaning. She notified the night clerk.
but when the room was entered Sadie
Carpenter was dead. The woman was
found in bed, a piece of calico tied tightly,
around her throat.
No trace of the murderer has ever been
found. Only the hatchet which struck
the fatal blows was picked up In a va
cant lot opposite.
It was the habit of Mrs. Hislop to walk
to her husband's furniture store each
evening 1 • and accompany him home, and
Robert usually went with her, but on this
particular evening he said he was tired
and went to bed.
When they returned this horrible crime
awaited them.
The murder of young Robert C. Hislop
In May, 1901, was one of the most fiendish
pieces of butchery ever known, especially,
when the youth and . helplessness of tha
victim are taken Into consideration.
The murdeTer stole upon this 13-year
old boy and killed him as he lay In bed.
From the position of the body It was evl- j
dent that the lad had not even seen Mj
Ex-State Senator L. W. Buck was a
frequent visitor of hers, and he
was " summoned from his home in
Oakland to tell what he knew.
Accompanied by a special officer
he started" for the depot in a dog cart, but
on the way the horse shied and threw
Buck on the pavement on hl3 head. He
was unconscious and three days later he
died without regaining consciousness or
without being able to utter a syllable..
.THE - : SUND A-Yc.; C AMi.
Crimes That Have Aroused
the Community, Puzzled
the Police, and in Some
? Cases been ?
? Unsolved ?
5How Many Matches Are Struck in a Single Day?
MOW many matches are struck in
a single day?", asked an enthus
¦ iastic young statistician, "and how
many cords of wood, and how
many tons of sulphur,' and how many
units of heat, are represented .In the
world's daily consumption of matches?
Here is an interesting problem. Matches,
of course, are not used in all the countries
of the world. There are many primitive
people who are still kindling lirea by
striking sparks from flinty substances,
just as our ancestors did In the long ago,
when they made pots and kettles out of
clay and stones, and knives out of bones,
and the harder formations in the crust
of the earth. Some countries are so damp
that matches cannot be used with con
venience. In many of the tropical , coun
tries which may be- classed- as civilized,
matches cannot 'be struck on account of
the dampness, except on the rough, sandy
edge of the box. But in the great and
more advanced countries of the world
matches are in almost universal use.
- "The consumption In the United States
daily is sometiiing enormous. Koundly,
there are so.ooo.OuO persons in the United
States. On the accepted allowance of nve
family this means 16,000,000 fam
ilies, so right on the jump we would have
16,OtiO,t'0O stoves, whieh would consume at
the very lowest an* average of three
matches each day, or a total of 4S,0OO,0OO.
In the evening the lamps must be lighted
in each of these homes. There are the
hotels, restaurants, the saloons and the
business places generally which keep open
at night, with their millions of gas jets
and lamps, and it is reasonable to assume
that the consumption of matches in those
places' would equal, if it did not surpass,
the consumption in the homes of the coun
try. Mind you, I have said nothing about
the factories and institutions of that sort,
and ' nothing about the vast quantity of
matches consumed daily, by. the smokers
of the country, the cigarette fiends and
the fellows whose pipes are always goins
out. Why, a fortune goes up daily in
matches' smoke, and the sulphur, and
wood, and .units of heat wasted 1 in this
way is" something startling. Electricity
has- to some extent cut down the con
sumption of matches, -but the consumption
is large enough and the fellows who are
to come after us may have reason to de
plore our extravagance - in this respect,
for wood Is getting scarcer all the time."—
New, Orleans Picavune.
»"W LITTLE San Franciscan has had a
[ I miraculous restoration in the water
I I cf Lourdes.
V, I After fifteen months of suffering—
JL fifteen months during which the
hope of her recovery had grown less day
by day— she was taken at last to the place
of miracles.
Another miracle happened. Another to
add to the long list that has. been in
creasing for almost half a century, ever
since, so tradition has it, the Virgin Alary
revealed herself to the prayir.s peasant
girl. Ten-year-oM Gladys Sullivan, a lit
tle sufferer, who could not move without
her crutches, was able to cast them aside
and walk when she left Lourdes.
It sounds like one of the pretty tales
that we read in books of old lore. > It
savors of Old World tradition. It sounds
like the beautiful unreal. Tet it is a fact
• that faces us right here in our midst. It
is known to all those who know the little
girl. She left her San Francisco home a
fcorry. invalid and returned well, able to
take up life like other children with all
its happy romps and games.
Before she went away life had grown to
be a dreary thing to her. She had had' a
fall— a. serious one — and she recovered
from the first pain of it to find herself a
cripple— one knee badly injured. In the
beginning nobody thought her suffering
would last. She had youth as a weapon
to fight with, to fight for health. But the
days went by and still her pain was the
B£iae and still she had to cling to her
crutches. The knee was seriously affected
and the doctors pondered alone and with
their heads together, both in vain.
All her fun was spoiled. When other
little girls wanted to play running games
she haO to be counted out. She could sit
in the window and watch them, but that
was worse than not watching. It made
her want to join them so that she couldn't
stand.it. She had to go away, off to a
back room, where she could not look out
on the tas and the ' hide-and-go-seck
cames that were going on. At times she
had to choke back something that would
ktcp coming into her throat In the queer
est way.
She had dolls and books, and all the
things that can be played with quietly,
but they grew tiresome. One can't be
quiet all the time. "When you are a little
" jjirl you lov# the fresh air and you love
to i ace in it, to play, just as the animals
and the birds love to play. You w^mt to
feel all your blood tingling with fresh air
and the glow of exercise. Tou hate to be
That was the way with Gladys Sullivan.
She could not wait to be well again; she
could not bear this any longer. And all
the time the doctors were saying, "You
inust bear it."
But only for a little while they told
her. They believed confidently that it
would not be long before she was strong
again.
So they and the parents and the little
girl kept on wonting and waiting.
The months slipped by. The family be
gan to despair of recovery here. They
took the child away.
Then began the long, weary seeking—
the seeking fpr the one, the only thing
in this world that ma_es all the rest of
life worth while— health.
All over Europe they traveled in the
search.
They went to London. There they con
culted Morris, one of the most eminent
physicians that the great city boasts of—
a man who holds the high position of vice
president of the city's College of Physi
cians and Surgeons. He examined the In-
Jury and treated it according to all his
wisdom.
He arranged some sort of apparatus to
encase the knee. It was built by the
plans of "wonderful modern science. He
believed it must effect a cure.
The little invalid did not improve.
Bhe was taken to the Continent, even'
to Paris. A great physician of the French
school was consulted. He removed the
London doctor's bandages, sure that the
knee must heal then. His method was the
opposite of his predecessor's, but it failed
as completely. •/#..'.'.
• Then the skill of Switzerland was tried.
' There is a world-famous surgeon there, a
I Dr. Kocher, a man who can charge 25,000
i francs for a single consultation. His fame
: has spread far outside his own little coun
', try, even among the great scientists of
j Germany, who, in medical and . surgical
| lore, rank above any others in the world.
E They tried to induce him to become one of
i them, to join their ranks In one of their
universities, but he chose to' remain a
Swiss subject, as he was born.
This man brought to bear ; all his ex
',' quisite skill, his subtle understanding, his
i Jong years of experience upon little Gladys
Sullivan's case, and failed as the others
before him.
The Sullivans were utterly discouraged.
They, had been so sure that all the little
f sufferer needed was competent treatment.'
[ It had seemed impossible that all these
t brilliant men should fail to make their
| daughter well " again. It was almost ': im-
It is beautiful enough to.be divine, they
say who have been there. Green, brilliant
ly green, with its luxi^rlant verdure; th©
Lourdes is that beautiful, poetical spot
that lies in the Pyrenees just within the
¦.line of France, where it might, by hardly
more than a stone's throw, have fallen
across the line into Spain. It . is twelve
miles by. rail from anywhere; this means
that the beauty and sacredness of the
spot are not profaned by all the commer
cial hideousness that -much-used railway
stations suffer from. Lourdes is not af-'
flicted -. with signs and billboards and
shouting venders, except such as make
commerce of rosaries and the like.
trying the water of Lourdes.
possible to realize that no medical re
sources were* left. .
Then Ii was that the mother proposed
When Gladys was taken there she real
ized fully what it all meant. She was only"
ten years old, but she is a very wise lit
tle lady of 10i and it had all been . ex-"
plained to her— how this was the water
left free to the multitude as It came from
the spring, but, the crowds were so great
and the , excitement so intense that a
check had: to be put upon the: use of it.
- Sufferers attempted - to hurl themselves*
Into it sometimes. It is now to 'be had
cither • in sparkling . draughts from the
faucets or in the adjoining baths.
Wonderful cures have been effected in
these baths. They are arranged in a sort
of vault," tiled below and windowed above.
Flickers of many-colored light, steal in
through the stained glass of the high
windows.- The place is cold, the water
icy. Its purity is one of its miraculous
qualities.
Into. these baths dozens of pilgrims aro
plunged" every day— as many as fifty
often. And the. water is changed only
twice a day: Yet in spite of that it keeps
as clear as when it first gushes forth in
the grotto, and although many filthy and
diseased pilgrims are bathed 'in it there
has never been a' case of , contagion "car
ried by means of it. For all .this scien
tists say that there is absolutely no min
eral property in the waten What is the
secret of its Durity ?
Another strange thing 'is that the icy
shock never seems to have injurious re
suits, although . there are many sufferers
plunged into it when they are so feeble
that no physician would think for a mo
ment, of risking the^old shock. In any
other" water. The heart action never
eeems to be seriously affected by it.
Cures that have taken place there seem
nothing less than\ miracles. There was
Henri Lasserre, the blind man who wa3
made to see, and who, upon being given
his sight, compiled volumes on the sub
ject of_ the water for the sake of "other
sufferers. There was Mme. Fontenay,
the helpless paralytic, cured. There was
the most, marvelous ¦ case of all,' that of
the Duke of Norfolk's son;: he, a deaf,
dumb and blind idiot, as he had been from
birth, his poor body a flabby, boneless
mass, was made like other -men. There
are such countless cases on record that
it is left up'to the bookmaker to record
them. > v ;3aMBBBBRflSBIQ
She is a very happy little girl now and
all those who love her are perhaps even
more happy than she. In the gratitude
of her heart Mrs. Sullivan has presented
to St. Brigid's Church a beautiful statue—
an image of "Our Lady of Lourdes," ex
actly : like the one that stands in the
grotto. There all who' enter the church
can .' look upon the benignant face and
who shall wonder that those who have
seen the figure in the grotto have be
lieved?
¦ . •• .
"Our Lady Is trying my faith," she said.
Again she went to the icy bath. Our
Lady must have been testing her faith, in
deed, and she must have found It strong.
This time the reward came.,
Gladys Sullivan threw away her
crutches and walked.
Again there was no particular change.
This time there were more to pity, more
to offer the consolation that many are
called but few are chosen.
After one bath there was no change.
"When she returned there were those out
side who were ready to pity and offer con
solation. She looked at them in amaze
ment.'
"Why, you needn't be sorry for me,"
she said. "I shall be made well."
With her baby faith unswerving she.
went again to the bath.
The child had to be assisted to enter.
She was limping miserably with the aid
of her crutches at the time.
Then came the trial ot her faith. Into
the cold room she went, the place where
the icy water awaits believers. Attend
ants are there always to care for patients.
She believed. Perhaps the Blessed Lady
looked upon the simple, pure faith of th»
little one and knew that it deserved her
blessing. /'
That is what the pilgrims cry as they
approach the grotto. "When the blessir.gr 13
asked it is always,. "if it be thy will and
His."
Around* the entrance v cf the cave lie the
bandages and crutches that hundreds of
healed have cast away. Gladys saw these
and thought of her own crutches.
that the Blessed Lady had given to heal
the sick, how it cured many other suf
ferers, ho-w it might be the will of Our
Lady that she, too, should be made whole.
"Our L«ady of Lourdes, cure us, If" it be
thy will and Hl3."
IT. is true that my daughter was able to cast aside her cratches
after bathing .in the -crater of I*oufdes;
Every one is entitled to his ov^n opinion concerning ths wat
/ er. Some attempt scientific explanations of its miraculous cures.
- To others' these cures are a matter of faith in the deepest religious
sense. Facts stand for. themselves and every one judges according
to his individual mind..
I went to Lourdes with my daughter, who for fifteen months
had been suffering from the results of a severe accident. She had
* fallen ?.nd water had formed in the knee. She was helpless without
crutches.
She was taken to some of the greatest physicians in Europe, all
without avail. Among those' who were consulted were Dr. Morris,
the vice president of the College of Physicians and Surgeons in Lon
don, a ; famous ; Parisian, a member of the Legion of Honor, and
Dr. Kocher of- Switzerland, a msu whose reputation is so'exten
sive that he was offered a high position in the University of Ber
- lin, which means much to those who realize -what the great Ger
man universities are. Dr. Keener has been paid as much, as 25,
000 francs. for- performing en operation:
These men and others failed to help the child. When at last
she was taken to Lourdes she could not dispense with her crutches
for a moment.
- After " three baths >in the wonderful water she left her
crutches.
This does not mean that an absolute cure was effected. The
knee is not as strong" as yours or mine. It is somewhat stiff and
the child walks slowly. ¦ But the condition is steadily improving
and she has not needed her crutches once "since bathing at Lourdes.
WHAT FRANK J. SULLIVAN HAS TO SAY OF HIS
DAUGHTER'S WONDERFUL RECOVERY.
THjB ;siHiDAY CALIj v
6
spot lies nestled in the splendid moun
tains. It is at the mouth of the valley of
Argeles and the Gave de Pau Is near.
The spot is known for Its beauty, but
it "is far better known for : the. r wonder
working waters. ~ There thousands of pil
grims flock' every year. There are poverty
stricken pilgrims, those who do not know
where the next day's bread is coming
from, those who have to sleep upon the
steps or the ground . while they are : on
their way to the grotto..." There are people
of wealth and rank, countesses and duch
esses, who make regular > trips to? the
place. There are those of every rank be
tween.
Ever since 1S38 the spot has been
thronged, more and . more each '. vcar." . It
was in 1858 that little Bernadette Soubir
ous saw the" miraculous vision. There, 1 as
she was seeking fagots in^ the deep cave.
Our Lady, of Lourdes appeared to her with
the words "I 'arn the Immaculate Concep
tion." When . she ¦ reported ~ this Tat. first
she was disbelieved and finally, when sho
told . that a sparkling ; spring . had ~ gushed
forth at the command of the ..vision 'and
that Our Lady had told : her : to ", give' the
message that the sick ¦¦¦ should - bathe in
that spring, she .was notionly^dlsbelleved
but punished. 1 She 'was "sent, to a; mad
house. Napoleon: III, hearing; of-, this,
ordered 'her release,* andj from •that; time
on belief In the girl's story "gre.w until it
MHIaiil li i I hi in i "liuiiniTwftiii-niMir*air ini4ii'
came to De accepted generally, by thos«
of the faith.
...- Now, in the year of , our > Lord 1902, , the
Church of the Basilica* stands firmly
builded upon' the rock above ' the grotto;
according , to the comman d which ; Berna
dette reported.' ' The v church /was-:conse
crated In 1876 and many; high ecclesiastical
dignitaries assisted ; at ., the /ceremony,
among them thirty-five Cardinals. \ In
this ¦". church ', and '] in t;' the '; Church n of '• the
Rosary,' which* lies below, it,- the; majestic
processions t are formed ! in ; time of ¦' pil
grimage. - .' - HaB
It is anlnspirlngslght^then-to'see. the
bishops . and the, priests and ¦ the '. acolytes
forming In solemn line, ; robed in splendor,
chanting- their, canticle. They; pass from
the churches high above. down a winding
path that seems to lead directly to • the
river. O* a sudden. there is a sharp turn
and there they come face to face with this
cave. . .'¦'*.
In this cave, under.; an .image" of . Our
Lady, under the words .which she spoke
to Bernadette— "I am the Immaculate
ConceptionV-^-here i the pilgrims find ; their
goal.'. The '¦ IceT cold ; , water of ; the i • miracu
lous spring gushes ; forth into^-a*. reservoir,
whence it is , carried in 1 pipes \ X.6 a; distance
of i more than a . score ; of i f eetJy .There I it
may be obtained as it 1 comes from
faucets.
; There was ; a "time', when ' the wateriwaa
THE
MIRACULOUS
CURE
OF
LITTLE
GEADYS
SULLIVAN
AT
LOURDESfURKE Y is a paradise for ¦ the man
,:who wants' to' secure ,-a divorce.
' The forms are simple and the out
: .¦ cast wife has - no redress. ; All tha. t
.the man has to do is to tell the wijman .
to ; begone to her parents with ; the '• money
and the c jewels that she .brought-, him.
There the aff air_ ends.' " She goes. ¦
1 The other day a- Turkish "gentleman
boarded a tramcar' with ; his wife,'' and
, after.. stowing her away ,"In" the woman's
icpmpartment entered .that .provided .;. for.
men.-. Separating 'the. two is a' mere cur?
tain. Shortly afterward he saw a, woman
enter: the door of Uhe other, compartment
..and,*' seized. 'with-' curiosity, • he peeped
through a chinkvin. the. curtain. ? As he
dirV so the fair— or -.rather the . dark Un- •
known' raised her veil. and the Turkish.
¦benedict beheld. a- face of ravishing beau
¦ty. Now the Turkhas been' married some
ycarsiand his wife, besides having an, un-'
, certain temper; • was . of plain form an'l.
feature and: beginning, to show the wear
and ; tear of years.' ¦ - . '
v So;, against all the j strict' laws ot; eti
quette, Benedict ,kept> peeping;., through
\ the ' curtaln^and 1 the >more -. he > peeped ' the
fllllllMI>lBII1*lMli1 llllli HI HlllirilMlM iti IMllllllyillWll* ¦¦¦ HllMlUMial
Turkey the Place for Rapid Divorces.
more he wanted to possess the dark Un
known. At tha next stopping place h»
'bribed: the woman's servant and discov
ered her name - and her * parents' name.
He found that she was unmarried and a
suitable match In fortune and social po
-sition, and then and there determined to
; wed her.- " .
Arriving at his! horn© he announced to
his wife that he proposed to wed a sec
ond, for the Koran permits the Turk to
wed three. But 'wife No-. 1 was by no
means willing to. lay down the robes of
" ofHce to a favorite, and 'she told her hus
•band so In choice Turkish. Ha listened
gravely, "puffed, his long-stemmed' pipe
•and then tugged gently a: hl3 beard
•-¦ . "Under'the circumstances, Farlsha," he
said gravely, "the best -thing 'for/ you to
do i3 to pack : upr^-dur " clothes and your
jewels and go bacx to your home. You 1
are < not wanted here . any longer."
-' Her .1 storm of tears and protests only
served to increase the severity of his de
meauqr. ¦> "Get out of thU house as qufek
ly as you can,", he 'said, and that night,
she went, a, divorced woman. The next
day he sent a relative to. the father of
his new flame and a marriage contract
was arranged.
]T behooves the woman who wishes
the novelties in t uxb . to " buy . them
early in the season, when there- is- a
fair stock on hand from which to
make a choice. The finest skins and
the greatest novelties are comparatively
few in number, and the first comer is
able to obtain the best.
Even if'K is very, early now: to, lay. in
a supply of spring frills. Uncertainly Is .
not too early to buy. them. They .'can be ¦
sent home when the first fur weather of
that description arrives.
Silver fox Is one of the most beautiful
of all furs, and it is so dainty with spring
gowns. Unfortunately it 'is ."one of the
most expensive furs that one can buy."
A boa may- cost anywhere from $200 ..to
f2000,and the vast majority of people can
only. afford. to look at" them; through glass
or read about them in the' fashion' books.
Russian sable comes In that' same ."look
!n the window" class, too. The-skinsaro
tiny and 'they; cost anywhere from $12(hto
$450 -apiece. . - The ' furriers :say - if ! one; is
really lucky, one may find ¦. a '• few exquisite
$500 skins," the best Epeclmens;of the .Rus
sian: crown sable. -: This/ crown* sable; is
thedarkestto be found, (and; only if con-;
noisscur . fully understands what this
means in a fine - skin; - ";¦' . .¦ •
¦'" '-'* -¦'---' '¦
/Chinchilla .is' another fur, that has .al
ways been' popular ¦ with ; the favored j few. fi
It is.much.mbre'jexpensive: and .less eco-' '
nomical ' i than ;' ermine .on ' of * Us ! ;
great delicacy^':' \ '; v -, .'¦'-: ; " ;
'-.The' best 'chinchilla: has the/delicacy .al- '.
most-/ of thistledown. -It mo v'es. " wit n the
'elightest breath and is injured 'by rough :
usage. S~: Even ' wi tli ; ¦ careful :' lia'ndllng . it '
changes color.-and-wh'en thatsilvery tone 1
changes to a • yellow V it; is "anything. -but '
pretty^-? ; : ;'••' ... £~ ; -.l<b; ¦..'.¦ ¦
1 A" line- boa costs ' about 5225 and a muff '
costs : $155,*; and 4 , really, they ; do-; hot^ last
|much';l6nger. ; thanvdces a-boavof chiffon V
and -violctsJ :' ; ' ¦¦:''.-* r ; •¦*-', - '*;. j' •'-
\#l Tliorel Is, a fur between the '. gray and , ths -
brown* f ox; A While it -.is "very, ul it
is^^not^very, durable.: Perhaps) that' is v one i
'reason why* the,, crpss' fox -is 'so .populaf. ; ;
1 Long boas 'of »this:are' awfully swell, and
• they. are.delightfully. snug as well.". '¦
';; 'i.The-.warmest'; boas I and j. muffs -are made .
.of black ' » bear. -^ Greafy shaggy | bear : that g
-bne^ of j the .Arctic its snow.
1 F^r these i boas '^are , yery " heavy/and -very
. long/, Touch Jth'e.' bottom' of ; the '¦¦ gown al- .
* rnqst: • .The.-muffs]that v :g6'"withrthem- look 4
; f or. all ; the A world ; like |a'. small* cub.' They i t
! are"; very/Bervlceable, most swagger \ look-'...
: ing," f more '.than ¦ warm ! arid ' doinot f cost * a"T;
fortune*".- Thejinuff and boa' cost' about $65,' .
I and I one'.'gets fully that,' much 'we'ar/ou t . of •
' themTV Russian' sable. is ,ari ! awfully popu- >'
I lar ' fur 'this", season^ That ; is "I if f one ¦• can '¦
'(afTprd-" to'buy.Vit.; .collar" takes I;'
sthe'place'of a'coatrnany. times. One style .?
jis* made": withjaj-very high "-"collar.., and . a ,
. tiny' cape..; Just""eriou'gh: r to comfortably, ¦
-< balance:- the -^collar.-.* Tails;.- are .used to',
'the ilengthithat<is so smart, now^
.jA"s'a. rule'f : they -'fall uo'fabout; the ; ( waist; j
•although* they .are/, made'-' much, shorter
r'and!sometimes a . little" longer. -V • '¦ .
-'¦::'-r'--r •¦:-:, ¦:*¦' ; --:; :?¦- ., > -: :¦.:¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦:' ¦-..¦ :V.»
• Mink.Is a very-popular fur this season.
Storm "collars are : made of . it.i but they.
'vary.; somewhat. . j The I awellest is ' merely j
a huge collar..: When it, is fastene'd closely -
about, the. throat it is difficult to see tne
hair at all! asit is so high. /The queerest
little, reveres make the length in front and
from 'them 'fall, the tails.' Three littie '
heads ' fastened, 'to ¦ 'the 'back give it a
unique, finish. ¦ -But, the . smartest\rucho'
of ;a|l', is" a combination I of ? ermine 3 and*
mink'-. .1 The . ermine . is on either side and '•>
the ( mink in the center. The eight or ten
tails' thut fall far; below .the,' knees; aie :
¦tipped; with -'ermine,' and altogether it is
just -the 'kind , of a ruff^to" wear with a
smashing tailor, gown, v .<¦¦¦¦ ".,- -.y ¦• ;¦' • '" :
; *• Ermine, is : worn more for i evening than
'anything else. ',vA'; new- cape Is cut long in
the; back .and short ; over 'the'' shoulders
The reveres,, "which, , by' the. way, run the;
; wrong Vwajc- of the skins,.; make the' Y-'.-
, shape in. the fron t:\Wheri; lined with white
¦ 'ii\ is < just the 'daintiest 'thing, imaginable
and ; one . docs .not live in constant terror
of having j one's ] best evening gown' soiled."
For' dark furs and silks ' are : very apt to
: do just that 'very-: same thing." ' /
'¦• V New \_Yorky. people say ' that *, the • only
I lining'." flt'ttq"^ wear- is -'white.'../ Brocaded
• satin, j heavy- silks /and- even heavy .white
', cotton*' or linenia used'.. Anything that "3
white/ but? it" must' not be "colored. ;
,> Short'/ jackets - . have" ' soi' far, , been . the
¦'. most "' in ;\d 'imand ) in ithe ' w'ay . of .- fur gar-
\ rrients ~ this ""year.-j- And*, they j seem , to - be
the only; thing" that; has' taken the (popular.
•'; fancy ' for ' springi.wear. "^The^most beau T
tiful'' a're 'probably '."the -'baby ;, lamb, and
: - they "; ar e made/ lip A with .various {kinds "of
; fancy;, furs 'for ¦ collars. '.The' neck:' may
be,' encircled '-' ; with : broad, flat" bands Jof
JiChinchillahwlth a' standing -collar, and the
1 .-.'--;—• : ¦ ¦-• ; ¦- : - = ''¦'• ¦ •'- ¦ : ' i ¦."•_.-¦• ¦--¦¦. V ¦ ¦
There are three-quarter .ength . coats.
also, of fur ready for the woman who pre- .
fere them, but they are heavy and warm
for ordinary use and not nearly as natty
looking as the fancy styles and shapes.
However, when such a coat Is worn It is
usually of. Persian and has no other fur
used as a trimming. The solid black looks
better when there Is so much of it. These
coats, by the way, are not generally made
tight fitting. The half fitted back looks
less bulky than does, the really snug one.';
. " Sealskin is always a good fur. Capes
are made of it, but they- are not as smart
this year as boas. Sealskin muffs are car
ried with seaiskin jackets, which are mads j
up without any -other fur as a trimming.
Long evening . wraps are very beautiful
made, of fur and -velvet coats are charm
ing with fur trimmings. A nt coat of red
velvet has a deep collar and cuffs oJT
ermine and the fronts tarn back and are
deeply 'faced with the fur the" full length
of tha coat. Of course one cannot buy a
coat of this description by merely walking
into a shop and asking for it. These
Frenchy novelties are made by order, but
a sample of any coat or fur garment may
bo seen for the asking.
While these long coats are not common
ly worn in summer, still fur has . taken
such a hold on the fickle public** fancy
that they will be used to cover a light
frock when one wants to take an im
promptu stroli on the beach. -
But do not be afraid to buy any fur that
is gtfod, for it cannot fall to bo stylish and
a good skin Is always a good Investment.
coat may have reveres carried down the
length of the jacket.. Ermine and mink
are also used - to ornament these little
jackets./-/ • / •
• Some of- these -little, coats> which are
pointed in the front, are just long enough
to be s-aid. to come below the waist and.
: to"' escape being Etons. The back Is cut
into . two- tiny scalloped tabs called by
courtesy a postilion back, but that cer
tainly is merely a courtesy. Jeweled but
tons of, turquoise, and brilliants are used,
the' larger the.betfer. •„
Another nobby Jacket- is made of the
baby 'lamb. It .is very, very, short all
around. Tbecollar is a, stiff affair that
stands up perfectly straight arid contin
ues right on down. the front of the coat.
One huge button of brilliants "is* all that
holds it together. . The mink entirely en
circles the jacket and the cuffs are made
oC.it also. When-worn with a swell waist
they' are very unusual looking, as. the
pouch of ; the waist shows how short tho
jacket really is. . ¦
A' cape that answers all .purposes la
mnde of br*own fox. It is full, almost
rippiy. It is no;dllTerent from the short
capes that. were worn. last winter except
ing* that'-it has the long tabs that reach
the knees. \ The. same little tails and
heads are used to finish it completely, and
really it makes a stunning garment" when
worn by- a swell woman. .The soft brown
fur '-, is universally becoming and is, worn
by j hosts of people who profess to ' know
what -' to • wear and what not to.
:; : t^;:;;SUM)ay^-call.^
7
LIGTS
FURS
SPRINGSfloor, "don't ring the bell, Just walk right
in and you'll find us lb> the rear parlor."
"The parlor . also . serves, as a. dining
room sometimes," says Mr. C'with just
the suggestion of. a brogue. "When we
have company my. wife serves up the din
ner in the parlor, and wheri,,we don't have
company we usually eat in. the kitchen..
That wiil . sound like home to a lot of
people, won't it?".
The snug little rooms. abound In photo
graphs, and the .barytone | says . he has
enough packed away to paper the ."-whole
place with them. : The , thing that seems
the most like home to him is his wife's
cooking. Some way it agrees with his
throat. His wife says she likes to cook
for him, so altogether they have a "Home
Admiration Society." / .; ;
On the northeast corner of JacksOn and
Webster- streets stands the tiniest; homi
est looking brown cottage, with lots of
eunny windows, and a tiny front yard
with palms and grass., Overshadowing it v
is a great tall white house that looks like
a- wedding Cake, so full of white arab
esques and • gewgaws is the exterior; : In
the brown house lives Herschel Mayall
of the . Grand Operri-houpe -stock com
pany., with all that he holds dearest in
the world; his pretty. wife, his fond moth
er, and last but by no means least,' his
"two dogs. These dogs ,have ithe'irun of
the house, and nothing isvtoo good for.
them. They have their seat 1 at the table,"
and occupy It, too.. When every one-else
is ou t, they, preempt : the big upholstered
chair in ..the. bay window and bark at a
caller from the" first step to the .door. If
it' is" at .night they both perch , on -the arm '
of this' chair/ and -watch> the street- can
and begin a JoyfuL? chorus, when • their
family' gets :off. .--".. ¦ :\ .-, . * r,-, ' .-,-;
' Mr. Mayall is ¦ at a loss to' know which
he values the more, one of these fine dogs,
a cooker spaniel which the Mayor of .Cin
cinnati once offered ; him $250 for; . or : his
Chinese cook, one of the best in. the coun
try. -His wife and mother think ; the cook
Would be a good thing to keep, . as this
pleasant home: is a hospitable one also.:
IC the handsome actor had fads, three of
them are hunting, saddle horses and eat
ing. He-acknowledges that he spends a;
good deal of "his .'home life' In the dining;
room. ';'¦- ¦' ¦•- ¦:.-¦•:.'..-¦. r--; - ; ., :.-j . ¦-
Agnes Eankin of the Central lives with"
her mother in a flat that combines-.com-'
fort , and elegance at : 977' Post street.- "I'
am a San Francisco girl; 1 you" know, and-
I. have ne%-er known what' a nuisance, it -
is to be without, a, home except when I ;
have been r on the road." she says: "and
60 you linow, I've- really got a "garden."
• ¦ '. ¦ ¦.¦¦; ¦ - \-
• And she takes you to a window -that over
. looks quite a stretch- of grass , and vines.
;','And If '¦. I could i ever, get all; the time I
•Wanted riv should be always' gardening.
-It's nice to have a home,' no matter,. how
.small,- and feel 4 that you can be comfort
i able,': do' as you < like and be-all to'your
self. ' I generally, read' when I have. the
¦ chance,' but you'-wouldn't know meMf .you
; saw me . when I am; reading in" what I
"really call :, comfort.: ~I - have lots of
friends to entertain, too/, outside of my
"professional ones, so you see I am busy."
• The flat is pleasant and. the place is en
'livened.still: further ¦ by a Swedish maid,
:who has '1 grown: so fond" of the theater
that her. favorite amusement . is predict
ing the : casts j of -.the < various !. new playa
which : Mjss . Bankin may be ¦ studying. • S J.e
.assigns the parts to " the; various actors
.with- a good deal of discrimination.^; -
' Georgie . Cooper, the dainty soubrette of
the Central, lives in a most artistic -flat
with her aunt, Mrs. Dobson. at 714. Hayes
street. /This home is also noted for pleas
ant ...happenings. Among others
whose households form part of the Thes-
pian colony are Fred Butler of the Grand
Opera-house?.. James Corrigan and George
O. -Nichols 1 dr the Central/Stanley Ross.
George P. \\ ebster and a number of other
well known players.
. ALFRED DEZEXDORP.
and "sometimes' wafceir^'to salute jbiV.mis
trtss when she sits iri\the cozy dining
room for a bite after the theater is Miss
Howe's only pet except iier big t -brotnsr,
who has,, just returned from the Klondike.
The piano and books that help to l'urn.sn
the parlor are useiui as '.weir as orna
mental. Miss Hov. e is a fine Shakes
pearean scholar, as well as an aecorn-.
plished musician. The little flat does not
see much of her, for in the-morning she
is dead to the world in sleep, and the rest
of the time the exacting hie of a popular,
actress claims her. ¦••>"•
"Marie never had to learn either acting
or cooking," said her mother. "They botn
came natural to her." • .
Miss Howe is \ery often made the con
fiuante of her friends, and a, goodly por
tion of lier time is taken up, in -saying,
"My dear, whatever you do, don't talk it
over."
To keep house and entertain their
friends without knowing how to cook is
the specialty of Marion \Jonvere and Mar
garet Wycherly, the Alcazar lavomes.
They did not have to rehearse ior this
specialty; it just naturally came to them.
Iheir pretty flat at »3l Golaen Gate ave
nue is just fit lor a dainty housekeeper,
but the maid and the cook run all that
part of the home life. They do all the
ordering and pay all the bills, while the
busy hostesses do all the eating. Mis3
Convere acknowledges to; being fond of
"tufsing- round a gas range," and one day
"managed to bojl some eggs, and felt a.3
big as the Pflpsident . of the United
States." Miss \lycherly does not cla.m
this much ability^ but loves to keep house
all the same.
I>ut once in a while :n the afternoons
when lehearsal is over early and no
dressmakers, the bane of an actress' life;
are around, the cook and the maid hav».
to take a back seat while the theatrical
friends of tne hostesses roll up their
sleeves and "get up a good dinner."
Among the men ' Howard Scott is ac
counted the boss cook and is called a iust
class "mixologist," probably the result of
his having money left him and wearing
silk dressing" gowns. His punch needs no
label, it speaks ior itself. There are many
marks of artistic taste about this littio
home, and good pictures, and books are in
evidence.
Some of the pre-eminent advantages of
housekeeping, according to Miss Conveie.
are: "Having things to eat that tasta .-»•»
if you cooked them yourself; not having
to live up to people so; being able to go
to dinner in neglige; having a quiet place
to study, and being able to entertain your
friends under ycur own roof tree. So yen
see we are just like other people, after
all." •--.•• . - -
The Tivoli people are not shining ligtits
in the realm of housekeeping, at least no't
many of them. Annie Myers is the bird
of passage of the crowd, and has just
flitted from furnished rooms on £ddy
street to the Hotel St. Nicholas. House
keeping is too lonely for her, she says.
A prominent housekeeping man with
everything around him gave a family it,
Edward Webb, the second comedian "ami
sweet voiced tenor of the Tivoli. Threo
rooms are big eni.ugh to hold him and his
piano, and his friends sometimes, at 131
Turk street- He says one nice thing 1 a'oow
housekeeping for one is ""that* you c<?n
have your friends to see you and not have
a landlady yelling at you to "not make so
much noise up there.' "
And his friends do come to see him. too,
and there are always one or two actors'
roaming around his little nest of a din
ing-room, "cooking up things." His mode
of housekeeping varies. One day he ha,s
in a Jap to cook, the next he gets his own
meals, the next day '.'some one comes to
stay two or three days with me and I
have to cook myself and do the honors,"
and the next he takes refuge in a restpu
rant. ~ _-:¦¦::
But in spite of all. he thinks a single
actor has a better time .doing his own
home making than Jiving in a stuffv
boarding-house, "full of all kinds of hu
man curios." And perhaps he is ri^hr.
"Teddy" is a Britisher and the Kngiish
flag, forms one of his house decorations.
M. L. Alsop. leading man at the. Alca
zar, hrs no one to housekeep with, and as
ho likes to be right in the center of things
he boards at the Langham Hotel. Ferris
liartman of the Tivoli is •living with
friends now. but he has the housekeeping
bee in his bonnet, and some time, '"maybe
next summer,", he says he will take a fur
nished flat, too.
On the 15th of February, Frances Gra
ham will bid adieu to hotels and occupy
a "love of a fiat" in the Western Addi
tion. . • •
A singer who Is just bubbling over with
the delights of light housekeeping is Ar
thur Cunningham of the Tivoli. who just
two months ago married pretty Lillian
Raymond, who forsook the ranks of the
chorus for him.. They are on; the parldr
THE home life of stage folk in San
Francisco! The general public will
look incredulous and say at once:
"Why, they have none. Who ever
heard of the average player hav
ing any place to warm his toes save back
of the footlights?" Yes, but they have,
and right here in this city of theater
goers is^ a colony of actors' homes that
are cozy exponents of home life.
For stage folk love all the comforts of
a home and the home life that goes with
these comforts, even tnougu it irf denied
to many, of mem uy ifie exigencies of
tneir profession. Anu the Unifier the tour
of the unfortunate ones who are "on the
road" the more ao tnty long ior a place
to set up a permanent nousei.oici altin.-.
At fclb Lamm street a tucnusbeu Mat of
ten rooms manes a happy nome ior eight,
people and constitutes u rendezvous tor
theatrical people, wntre every one is
welcome and ike table is like a sireet
car, aiways with room for tue latent ar
rival. Those wno make every one wel- ¦
come here are Air. ana Airs. Frank
Bacon, carlyle Moore and ltoval Dana
'A racy. *Vather ' bacona clever couieuy
wort is well known to the patrons or the
Alcazar, and the oiher t».u gentlemen
add their twinkle to his in me tame tn - c
utrical r.rmament.
The greatest sorrow the Bacon family
have had lately was the recent deatn or'
tneir pet dog xJewey. j\ow tney have a
new canine, which carlyle Moore is i'ond"'
of calling the "matnematical pup," j>e
cause he generally runs, on Uirce legs
and has one ti# tarry.
Chafing oish suppers when all Use wo-.
men cook at once is the favorite diversion'
in the actors' coiony, but ilm bnjjniest
memory of all in the way of eiiteitaiis
iiient is the ilexican bei;n party given by
the Bacons not long since. The puncu
made by Scott on mat occasion is now
referreo to as being leaily notuing but
'•Knockout drcps."
'x'fae housekeeping here is very much
like that of other folks and the dinneis
better than many of tnem have, Ior Mrs
Bacon is a line cook. The night is often
es good as the day and the meal most
enjoyed and sometimes the only o.ie where
the wnoie lamily meet, is the pot of tea,
cr glass of beer with a bit of ciacKer
fand cheese, that comes on getting home
trom the theater after the performance.
Then occasionally If rehearsals are going .
on unusually hard and heavy the study
of parts, cr "sides," as tney are Known
In theatrical parlance, goes on pernaps
until 3 o'clock ir. the morning. And it
begins agaia in most ot the few spare
moments of the day. The children get
up early and are oit to school joi^ be
fore those who have "strutted their brief
hour" the night before have thought ot
awalrenin:;.
Miss Baggo Cor.klin of the Alcazar,
¦with hpr mother, occupies a prettv suite
of rooms at the Hotel Savoy. Evcrvbody
In the company envies Miss Cor.klin her
talent in the line of embroidering and
laccmaking. Her room Is sometimes a be
wildering array of lovely gowns spread
out for the ediiication of her friends, and
all bearing the evidence of her dainty
handiwork. One black velvet cloak, stud
ded over with white lace butterflies made
by the clever fingers of the actress, divides
the honors in loveliness with a whole lace
town that took months and years ot spare
movements to mako. A stunning gown of
lavender silk, embroidered with blu*h pink
roses, represents lots of work on the part .
of the -wearer, for Miss Conklln embroid
ered every stitch of the llowers. Drop in
upon her when fhe is at home and you
will find her either making lace or sing-
Ing, for she has a rich contralto which
the uses well. It is told by a favored
few that she chines in domestic life a'su
«.s a food cook.
Marie Howe, also of the Alcazar, is
widely spoken of as "the best cook 5n
the country: with rooking beans as an
unequaled specialty." She has lonsr been
settled in housekeeping with her mother
on Valencia street.
1 "It's a pretty fiat, but ft is almost too
large for our little family," says Mips
Howe'* mother; "but I like Jt, because It
Is a pood way off from the atmosphere of
the dressing-room, which always smoth
ers me."
"Far be It from me to talk it over." say3
Miss Howe, "but five years of stock work
and character parts all through the
pamut, from peasant g1»i4o drunken ol-.l
woman. does not give j^Te a great chance
for cooking and housekeeping, both of
which I love» If I have a mania It Is for
making tea; but far be it from me to be
left alone with a cup of it.'.' :.< -
This would seem a strange combination
of pursuits and tastes, but Is rather nat- ,
•ural after all, for most actresses Rre fdnd
of living like people do in the real every
day world. A canary that sings all day
Til E SUNDAY CA LL.
8
HOW San Francisco
Actor Colony
Keep House*j -»IM, he catchee three hundra dollah. month ",!!!••— oo-r??*.** \
{ \ Him biggest Chinee actor in Melica. *?— ?— :','o** Him bella
.. P""! busy man •?— <>*•?!!! No can catchee picture..: Wha for? "/
X I •*?— o!!!**» Tomollah, him Chinee New Lear. You' sabee '
+S Chinee New Lear?. Alia samee Melican man'- New * Lear.- "
!!**?— o— "??**• big time. Alia Chinee come.see" Ah Shong. *
Him no time catchee picture ?*•? ??!!!**?." ; V - ' ." -
These stars and asterisks do not stand for untranslatable Chi
nese synonyms.- They represent unprintable "English oaths of as
tounding variety, but faultless pronunciation. . "¦ ' . '¦¦'.
• Tom Hay was acting /as (interpreter for the : prince of Chinese.,
comedians and making the most of the opportunity.- to air his vo- N
cafculary to, its full capacity. To : Ah Shong the oaths were per-//,!
haps as meaningless as Tom Hay's Chinese lingo was. to the-re-/^
porter. At any rate he smoked his opium serenely, indifferent. to *
the turmoil going on around him in his cramped and now badly ;
overcrowded dressing room high up- over the stage of .the -Wash- •.
Inton-street Theater, v V; : ," _ <. .'• " v
/Ah Shong has an international reputation for his funnyisms. ,. f.
Those who know best the history of his many histrionic triumphs
declare that he-.is.one cf the greatest comedians in China and the
very— best that ever came to America. Certain, It'is that he has -
been given the undisputed title of the Prince of Chine'se Comedians .'
since he filled a short engagement in San Francisco while on his
way to New York a few years ago. At that time,. he created a'-big
sensation, but nothing quite equal to the excitement' 1 - that has* at-,
tended his return for the New Year festivities in Chinatown. His ¦ •
reappearance is the greatest event in years. He is engaged 'Co act
by the year at $30ft»_a month, a truly fabulous price in the eyes of *
the poor play-going. Celestials. Chan Chung, the local theatrical ¦
magnate, considers him a bargain at the- price, so just at present ,.
•Ah Shong is the most important individual in the whole Mongolian
quarter. He is a veritable potentate. . . ' • ¦' , - :
* As Ah Shong had been. smoking for an hour, with one servant ,
to prepare and ccok the opium end another to. hold .the pipe and/:
serve the drug, -while he rested with his head, contentedly .pillowed; "'
on a wooden block, the- question was asked' as to when;£he- re-- •
hearsal would begin. It had already begun, said* Tom* Hay. -.In '
fact; it had been going on ever- since Ah Shong began to smoke.
The dreamy meditation found in the thickening fumes were abso
lutely necessary to an inspired interpretation of 'his part. '¦¦
But suddenly Tom Hay saw the possibilities of the advertising '
in such an article, and as suddenly, changing, his base began to ;'•,
cajole Ah Shong Into having the picture taken.'- When, however,
that autocrat of the Oriental drama dropped off into a' sound sleep
in the midst of Tom Hay's most winning argument the interpreter -
swore louder and longer than ever. But Ah Shong dreamed, on
until 4 o'clock, while the light of day steadily faded and \the
chances of photographing the Prince of Chinese Comedians before',
the end of the two weeks' celebration of the New Year were going < '
glimmering. Ah Shong was hungry. He must feast at once,. and'
then — perhaps he might consent to a picture. - '-. / ,
Att5 o'clock he felt much refreshed, and then there arose a loud •
chattering ar.d hurrying of feet that made a perfect bedlam of the ;
empty theater. _Ah Shong demanded an Emperor's robes, the
richest and finest In the theater wardrobe. None other would he
be pictured in, for It is a.superstition of the race that the baleful'
eye of the evil spirit shining out of the lens of- a modern camera
is likely to transform Its victim for life Into the character repre- ]
sented -at the moment. Ah, Shong may not believe the superstition,
. but he would take. no chances. So .the picture was. taken in the V
uncertain light at half-past 5. At 6 o'clock Ah Shong was back
at the theater and the New Year drama was on. •
Throughout all that night, the next day, and the next night as
well the theater was packed from pit to ceiling. Ah Shong has
evidently learned a thing or two from the "continuous", vaudeville '
In New York, for, knowing himself to be the whole attraction,* he
let the drama take its course as best It might until it pleased him.
to appear. .Although he was billed to appear at 11 o'clock on ' 4 the •
evening of the second day/he kept the packed audience waiting v
until fully an hour after midnight while he smoked several, pipev
of opium in his dressing room.
Then he came on to a roar of laughter before he hadipoloen a
word. There is nothing grotesque In his make-up or his acting. '¦
Indeed, he is the most human of them all. .It is simply that his<"
very presence exhales good humor. The plot of the play— iMiaa a -
better plot* than many of the up-to-date American productions
deals with the political ambitions and mixed matrimonial relation
ship of Ah Shong's father and uncle,* and at the climax; already *
delayed two 'hours, during which time the less favored actors had •
to fake-up their scenes as best they. could, Ah Shong. appeared. He- '
is something, of a combination of the Prodigal Son and Peck's Bad ;
Boy, and he proceeded- to convulse the audience by ridiculing all -'
: : his numerous relatives. : . , ¦ ;,- .. \...,:. j
But hp only rema'n»d on thea stage three minutes by actual
count, although the audience had "waited more than six hours for
his appearance. Then, quite sure of his triumph, he went back to 1
his dressing room for another smoke, while the audience' turned >
quickly aside from a final tableau and hurried out into the rala.
The Prince
of Chinese
Comedians.tmooo.v * . - . . >-• • . •.•¦>••>
;. DRAKE, v JOBBJPH1NB lO^ : .""^ ¦;•.*? '- P 17 * 1 ?? -J
School of - Chi- :
Dubols. Pa.,' gift to
Dunham Medical In
stitute. Chicago. $1.-'
: 000,000, ;. half '* -of >
which Js ; to •¦ be used
£or th« erection • or . a £
. hospital. -
. . : ELLSWORTH/ E. B..
Icwa Falls,, Iowa, gift
J^to- the . city, a library
building, $103,000. • ¦¦ -', * ¦
ERICKSON, • C. - J. A:, -
Joone. Iowa, gift i to Au- '
"eta. College,' ..; Rock .• Isl- ,
id^ 111. ¦ coal i land* val
,-, ued < at f <0,000.. ;¦ - . ' '•:'
¦ ¦¦' ¦ PARNUM, • . [ PETER Yi E.i •'
J: Port Uervla. N.^T:,- gift to
town, v a : sits ; for t a • Carnegie -
library, y '...-. .
s FIEliD. . MARSHALL, Chlea
; *«>, ' mitt i to k Conway,' . Mass., • a ,
; P^bl!c: library building and 6000
.:..- books, ¦" cost 1100.000, "¦¦ with an- en- ' ¦
.dowment-fund.ol $52,000. ¦ '
¦ ." "FIELD, i OSaOOD," New -Tork. .
v bequest i" to £ - the Metropolitan Mu- ;
*, eeum'bf. Art, made available by the ¦
death qf hla widow, August 16, 1901, '
.¦?! a '*:. collection ; of r brlc-a-brao of : lnea- v
/ tlmable value. -..-¦..••: -'•-¦/, : ,
.*¦¦ f: FOWLER, : ELIZA," gift to ' PunSu*
¦.. OoUeg»..Lafayette,Ind., $60,000 for an\
:'*.-' awembly ball. <-•» . • .-. , .\ ¦";-¦¦-.
&< GLASTONBURY. -Conn.; gift to the f '
•r town: by ? the ¦ Glastonbury *Free -Academy
Corj>oration, -its r building ', and'- appurte-.^
nances for a hlgrh school, together with an
.' Income *o* $20, OOa -'.' -j •¦—..• < \
-; • GOODP.TCH.; GEDRGK T.; Akron,^ Ohio; "
' rift ;to ? the'city ' t or a . library : and > club : for *
»¦ boys. and. men.' -?50, 000. v-- ¦> :.'¦•'- .
¦ ii tt. GOULD, ¦ HELEN,- M.,'. New York, : gifts to
the, New, York University, for scholarships for'
' the graduates < of > the. Irvlngton =• (N. ¦ YJ > High .1
School I and I Tarrytown t (N. • Y.) j High : School.
$12,000;- to .Vassar ; College (or scholarships : for
. graduates \ of- the Washington .-., Irving High
, School, '.ilrvington; ' N. i;Y.','. and ¦ the] Tarrytown
'v(N.''Y.) i Hlgh' School.- each. $10,000:*to .Vassar
College,'- a ¦ scholarship. :¦-• in ¦' memory:, of -her
- mother. < $10,000; - to ,'Mount Holyoke ColleRe , for
scholarship. . $5000. and -to the' Youn«:^Men's
Association, -Peru.' Ind.. $2500. - - ¦ •
:«v GUERNSEY., MRS. 1WILLIAM B./Norwlch,
In: addition, --Mr. I
Carnegie's sifts ..for
library purposes ; ; in
3reet Britain are re
corded -• a* reaching |
e 179,600. or over $S00,
000. These ; wer» I dU«
trlbuted to eluht places,
or which all .- > but one
were in. Scotland. . the ' reo- ;' ,
ord being' a* follows:, -' -
Vnnan, '• Dum( rlesshlr*. \
Scotland. . C3000;- Coa
brldEe. - Lanark, Scotland,-
£15,000; Dalkeith, Scotland.
£4,000: - • Dundee, ' Bcotland, .
£37.000; . Glasgow, Scotland, -
£105,000; Larbert, ' Stirling. '.
Scotland, ¦ C80O0;*. Rutherglen, .
Lanark, Scotland, '£7600; 'Wat- ,
erford. Ireland. £5000. Total, '
£178,600. ¦ .:
CARPENTKR, OENERAI* ' H.
¦W,v>New, Tork, gift to 'Columbia
University to «tablUh a chair * of •'.
Chinese, . $100,000. " «. On , December 2»
It was announced, that th« | Chinese i
Government -. would -present I the unl- 1 ¦
verslty with a compilation of<Chlnes«/
literature, hletory,- maps, ¦ lllustratlona . .
and official pa»or« -for . th« new ; depart-!
mentl : --" "" - : ; •'¦¦'.-• " :- ; -' ¦ - - •
? CARRET. MART.-B., Medford, Mass.,
bequest -to i 'Trinidad, 'Cuba,' a' . publU J,
library. - ; . : : -- ' ' ' :>; - •¦ ¦.":¦¦ ¦ ¦ :..¦•;,; •' r ':
CARROLL. ' GEOKOB 'JW.i Beaumont,
Tex., rift to Baylor University for a school
Cf eolence, $00.000. -.v -.. ¦-?.-.'/.;'
¦ CHICAGO. UNIVERSITT: OT, : »lft« from
friends In addition to . thoa* ' noted, elsewhere,
t3TB,000. ¦ • I-:/-: ' • -
. COIiORADO ; COLLEOB, Colorado « Bprinra,
Colo.. Klft from a friend, nama withheld, for
th« Science bulldlnf. $100,000. > . ¦ „- .:-,.:•-,
COLUMBIA ; UNIVERSITY." *lft a trtm th»
alumni- for Memorials Hall. $101,600: from &
friend for •quipping a historical treading room.'
$SOOG;v for books, $10,000; v for general pur»
poses.. $5000. ¦ ¦' '¦ '" . , -.•"-'•.¦•••:...
CONVERSE. ELISHA S.. and wif«. Maiden."-
Mass.. joint gift to the city for a public libra
ry < $125,000. v . *-V f< ">V -v<'"' is atc&tiBeziigj
' * COOLIDGE." THOMAS ; JEFFERSON. . grift to
Jeffffrson Physical Laboratory, of. Harvard Uni
versity $M).000. ¦ ¦. "••'•"'•¦¦,.,¦:
- COUSEN8, ' HORACE Newton, Mass.,;; b*
ouests to the town of fiyman, Me.'. 'to form 1 a
trust fund to increase educational advantages.
$20 000 ;• to the cltv of :Newton l the rpsldue.;to
b« held in trust till its total Is SI. 000.000, when
its interest Is to be paid, to the-; poor; of /the
cltv ' '¦. < *n;*<*^^*.T*a**f«*K<Bfejiw5tSSII™J!SiS{e.' -•-'¦
ckEIGHTON." JOHN A., " Omaha, - erlft % to :
rift from «««««»• *
Philadelphia. £*>-OO0.
BYERS. ALEXANDER
XV., Pittaburg, Pa., gl"
to Tale University. »¦ •_
memorial tor a By«r»
h *BYERS. MRS. A. .M..
Mluhany. Pa.. ««t to Tale
-ro t^..pfr^S d
given u table 01 •"="-,* Si £ ooo. This sum
!n 5 r.« IIMO 000 to Bt. Loul. for the Bam»
Tork « t y-/ l '^Xr u , u S for the endowment of ,
purpose, and * 1^-4, of Bradford. Duque.ne
&'d SSSSM ~ ri |'enwlvanla.,:Th. record
AhirfSST D.$15.000|Mft«Jl8on..Ind...' 20.000
a i£™ %iio 70 000 Madlwn. Wls. . . 75,000
Cal 85000 Mankato. Minn. 40.000
aIuSS. Ga 'Marlon. Ind. ... C0.000
A V«,?rtltionalY 20.000 Mattoon. HI. ... 20,000
Aur^Si. IU ...•M.000 Mile. City. Mont 10,000
I?SJ" Minn V 12 OOO Mollne: 111. ... 87.000
BrioML* Wli "'.'.'. 25 000 Montclalr. N. J. 80.000.
SS»!B«& ,111 15,000 Montgomery.
nrartiiork DU« , Ala. .......... 60,000
B Que.n. andV * Montreal. Can:. 180:000
HomMtiii . Mount V.rnon.
hrarief Pcnn. Munclclnd. ... 60,000
Draries, r« (yjo qoo Naehvllle, Tenn.100.000
BurVlniion.**Vt. SO.OO-J Neenah. W, lO.OOd
Cananaai^ja, . ¦ N. T. ........ 25.000 .
fiwmCltr" N.Y. City.... 8, 000. 000'
Colo ..... 10.000 N.Y.'Preu Club 6.01W
Canton- *N. T..'30.0fX> NJasara Fall»,
Cantoa Ohio . W5.W10 * N. Y, ......... B0.000
Carbondal«. Pa- 25.00*. NorrUtown.-
Carroll ton. 111.. 1O.OO) P«nn. ....... 50.000
CHtaklll N. Y. 20.000 Norfolk. .Va. . . . 60.000
Charieiton. IU.r 18,000 Norwallc Conn. 20.000
Ctdar Rtpidi. - Nyack. N. Y... 15.000
Iowa ...... 75.000 OneMa. N.Y... 11,000
Centralla. 111... 15.00f) Ottawa. Can..;. 100, 000
.CtariSttJ". K. C. S^OOOOy.ter BayNY, j I.O00
Ch.rlotte.vlUe. g^J PjJuea^^^O^
Chatham." N. Y, : J5.000 J dltlanal) ..... 6,000
Clinton, Iowa . 30,000 Pembroke. Onta- . .
Clluton Mas»... 25,000 no. Can 10.000
Cohota. N. Y... 25.000 Pensacola.;Fla.. 15.000
Collingwood. On- - PerA Arnboy, N. •- -
tarlo. Canada. 10.000 -J. .. 20,000
Conneaut. Ohlo.100.000 Peru, Ind 25.00U
1 ™T: 40.000 1 .':.... 20.000
Covington. Ky. Port- Jen-U. N.
(additional) ..85.000 ' Y. 30.00J
Crawfora»vllle. Portland. Ind.:. 15,000
Md. ......... 25.000 Portsmouth, O.. 60,000
Cumberland. Md 26,000 Revere. Mass... 20,000
Danville. 111. .. 40,000 Racine. W!«... 00,000
Davenport, la.. 25.000 Red-win*. Minn.- 15.000
Decatur, III. .. 60,000 nicbmond. Va.. 100,000
Detroit. Mich. 750,000 Riverside. CaU . 20,000
Elkhart, Ind.... 85,000 Rockford. 1 111... 60.000
Elkwood.-Ind...' 25.000 St., Cloud, Minn 25,000
Farro.- N. - D ...' 20,000 < Ft. -Johns, - N. ¦ T. '. 60, 000
Fort Scott. Kan 15.000 «t. Joseph, Mo.. 25,000
Fort-- Wayne. ' |Bt. LouU.j Mo. 1,000,000
Ind. 75,000 San . Francisco. ¦
•Fre.eport.-in. ..80.000 -:Cal. 750,000
Fresno. Cal. .. 30,00<J Ban Jose, Cal... -50.000
GMesbui-f, 111... 50.000|San Juan,,P. R.100,000,
Gloversvllle, N.- iSauItSte Marie. '<¦¦¦¦¦ -
' y f. : ..... 23.000( Mich.,....:.., 80.000
GoBhen, Indt '.'. 25,000 iScbenectady, NY 60,000
Grand Junction.. .¦ - ;Beabcard ¦• Air . ,
Col." „..:" 8.000J Line traveling ; .'¦-
Great Falls. - I libraries ...... 1,000
• Mont. • ••.•• • •"• 80.000J Seattle, 'Wash. .200,000
Green Bay, V/is 25,000 Sharon, Penn... 25,000
Greenville. . Ohio 25.00U Sheboygan, WU. 25,000
Grlfflns Corners, . BIcux Falls,: B: - -• " -.
NY.. -• K.0OO D. 25.000
Orccdale.- Ill S5,»l South 'Omaha, •¦ : •
Guthrla. .O.- T.. 20.00.'' Neb. ..... G0.000
Hiwarden, I*..- 6.000 SprlnErfleld. 111.. <¦ 75,000
Hcmpatead, N.Y 25.000 Stnten Island (N.; w- ¦
Henderson, Ky. 25.000 Y.) Academy..- -500
Iron' Mountain.' " gtMlwater; "Minn 23,000
Mich. ........ ,17.500 Stratford. Mani- • •¦
Ishpeming, • ' toba. Can....."J2.000
¦ Mich • 20,001 Supprlqr,. Wis... 50.000
.Islip. N.'Y..... 10.000 Rjracuse, N. Y.260,00C»
Jackson.. Mich.. 70.000 Tacoma.. Wash.. "60,000
Jack«on.'Tcnn.. 30,000 Upper Iowa Uni- ¦
Jacksonville. -Ill- 40,000 versity. la. -...-25,009
Janesville. Wis.- W,00«) Valley City. , N.v .
Johnstown. N.Y 20.000 t>. .....;. .15,000
JopllrvMo. ..-- 40,000 Vancouver. B.C. 50.000
Kalispell, Mont. 10,000 Wabaeh. Ind. ...; 20,000
Kaneaa City, ' - Walpole, Mas.. . 15,000
.. .mo.-.'. .75,000 Washington. . . :¦. ... ¦ ¦¦
Kent, Ohio. .... 10,tK« i n d.. ; 20,003
Lewanee/ 111. . . 50.000 Wnukegran, 111 ... 25,000
Lake Charle*. la 10,000 Wheeling:, W.
Lawrence,. Kan. 25,000 Va. ....;...,. 75,000
LeadvMe. Col...lOO.OOC Windsor, Oat*- '
- Lcwlston. - Me. .V CO. 000 Ho, . Can. ,...,• SO. 000
k iScoln.-m..... 2fi,000 Wlnnlp^. iijil. ¦ T"
'ES Gatoa, 1 Cal .10.000 toba. Can. . .100, 900
r McK«e« :- ,. Bocka. v •- /^ Yonkeri, K. ¥..50,000
. Penn. ........20.000 : ¦ , - ;,_¦ ¦¦/> ' -
. Macon, Ga. : . . . 20.000 Total V.... .$18,815,000
• BOSTON INSTITUTE OF- TEX^INOLOGT
rifts from friends, fund for a -gymnasium ani
social center for the etndents. J100.000 -
BOWNB. E. V/.. New York, gift to ' Syra
cuse University, $12,500. '¦: .••;."
BEOWK, JOHN NICHOliAB. irtata, I««r.
port. R. il glit to Brown UnlTawlrir of u£
ftbrarr «< AmarlMtna collects by Jcta Carter
Brown. flCO.000 tor a Ubrary^llS«rrS n l |
1500,000, tb* iaconwi of which is to saDoort
*he Ubrixr. - ¦-'.. **7
BRTN S^WHCOLLBOE, Bryn iCawr, Pa^
BELL. JAMES A. H.. Brooklyn. baquMtf
to Brooklyn Institute and Brooklyn Library
each, Elxtecn of the seventy-five parts into
¦which the estate, estimated . at $L 000 000 it
to be divided: to Brooklyn Library,' Sood'books.
BENTON. EVERETT C. WaveriyVvt sift
to Gulldhill. Vu. a public library. . -
BLACKSTONE. MRS. T. B., Chicago rl't
to the city for a library, $100,000 ~7* • "" il
BLAINE. MRS. EMilONB. Chlcaro rift,
to the School of Education of the VnivttKuZ
r,i Ch!ca S o, fLOOO.000. and for a. North BW,
eJementary rchool. $30,000. ; * ona bld »
BLISS, GEORGE T.. New York,* beouest L»
Tale Unlv^rfcity. $50,000. De<Iue8t to
BOHDEN. M. O. J>.. Kew York, gift to T«J«
University. $100,000. ., W "**
ARMOUR. SIRS. PHILIP »„ and sen "J
OGDEN ARMOUK, Chicago. 111.. Joint gift to
Aimour Institute, for a school of engineering
end a model workshop, ?1,0<XI,000, subsequently
Increased by $250,000. These gifts wer« iu
accordance- with -the wlehe* of Philip D. Ar
mour, who made no specific bequett - to the
institute he had founded.
BALLARD. STEPHEN. Brooklyn, bequests
to Bcrea College of Kentucky. $50!oOO.
BARNES. ALFRED C. Brooklyn, N. Y
gilt to Cornell University, an observatory
equipped with the latest astronomical facili
ties.
ARMOUR GEORGE A.. Chicago 111., rift to
Princeton University, for the maintenance and
development cf the classical seminary i-bw
a year lor flve years.
ARCHBOLD. JOHN D.. New York, rift
to endowment of Eytacuss University, |«00 -
000. supplementing annual gilts cf HO, 000 to
ttiO.000 for several ye*rfc.
ALMS. MRS. FREDERICK H.. Cincinnati,
Ohio, gift to the University of Cincinnati for a
music hall. $100,000.
AMHERBT COLLEGE. gift from friends to
¦Its endowment tund. $00,000.
ANDRCS. JOHN E.. .Yonker*. X. T.. mitt
to Weslcyan University. $25,000.
AGASEIZ. ALEXANDER. MR. and MR8.
QUINCY ADAMS end MRS. HENKY L Hi<jl
GINSOX. Joint zift to Harvard University for
ctmplct'on of rr.ueeurrr. $100,000. - •
ALLEGHENY COLLEGE. MeadvlHa, Ta..
grift from a. frieud to it« endowment fund '
$00,000. conditional upon the raising of $140 000
additional within ten months.
""In fomc cases Mr. Carnegie's offer*
have not been accepted by the communi
ties receiving them; thus Eaton Pa
voted to feline the $50,000 offered' for a
library building, owing to themalnte
raue fund required; at Grand Rapids,
Mich., an offer of $100,000 from Mr Car
oie v.ae later withdrawn In view of the
HWst simultaneous oner of Jiso.TJOO from
« t\»incr citizen of the town; and in sev
«.ial cases the acceptance of > Carnegie
i;.iis is Btm pending owing to reluctance
it inability to meet the conditions Im
posed. These conditions are the familiar
oiios that the city shall provide a cite and
guarantee a yearly maintenance fun-t
amounting to 10 per cent of the Carnegie
gift. These conditions have been seldom
•waived, the girt of $500 to a school Hbrarv
in Btaten Island, $1000 to* the Seaboard
Air Line traveling libraries, $5000 to thfj
New York Press Club for book and $500J
for the Skene Memorial Library at Grif
fins Corners. N. Y., being about the only
exceptions In the past year's record."
Here is an alphabetically arranged list
of such gifts and bequests, together with
sundry notes of interpretation:
We are enabled, thanks to the Library
Journal for January, to give some details
concerning the gifts made by Mr Carne
g-ie for the establishment or development
of libraries in the United States, which
in this particular field of philanthropy
leached the immense total of $13,813,000.
This sum was distributed among ono hun
dred and fifty-three places in tbirty-thrre
fatates. Porto Rico. Canada and British
Columbia, the largest individual items be
ing $5,000,000 for branch libraries In New
York City. $1,000,000 to St. Louis for the
same purpose and a like turn for the en
dowment of the Carnegie libraries of
Eradford. Duquesne and Homestead. In
Pennsylvania. It should be borne In
mind that It was In 1901 that Mr. Carna-
Sje made gift* for library purposes In
i-ngland amounting to over $800,000 and
at ,, th « same time it is Interesting to re
call the circumstances and provisions of
Eomc of his American gifts. According to
the Library Journal:
As may be remembered by many, thi
roost striking feature of the gifts and
bequests of tno year was the exceedingly
large individual amounts. Mrs. Le'.and
Stanford consummated her long-planned
endowment of Leland Stanford Jc Uni
versity, which is now the wealthiest in
stitution the world has ever known: An
drew Carnegie gave to colleges and lor
public libraries more than S31,000,OCO, and
at the close of the year had conditional
offers pending of several millions more,
end J. Pierpont Morgan, John D. Rocke
feller, Dr. Daniel K. Pearsons. Mrs. Em
mons Blaine. Helen M. Gould - and other
men and women noted lor their philan
thropy continued to promote the interests
with which their namea have long been
identified.
Last year when Frederic Harrison was
in this country he wu astonished to learn
that In 1900 nearly {50.000,000 bad been
realized by gifts and bequests for the ben
efit of general education and culture.
What would he say to the S107.3aO.000 that
1901 has brought forth from the pockets
of our generous countrymen?
LAST year if;
charitable peo
pl« of the Unf
ted States rimplj
outdid themselves
tn the!r generosity. Be
low ts given a list of til©
gifts during the year cf
lSiil. Tiii« hst is restricted
to donations pivea by In
dividuals for the benefit of
the public at large— mona7
intended for the education of
ihe masses in literature, *4 - t .
or science. Ko rum of less
than $5W0 has been «f ecorded.
Last year, the first one of th«
new ctutury. was the gala year
of al). Just think of it, over
iioO.Outi.OOO in gifts, and bequests.
This fur exceeds the returns ot
any otber year on record, and. in
fact, is greater than almost any
three years put together. Here is a
table showing the amounts contributed ; :
curing the last Blue years:
1893 §29,000,000
1894 32,000,000
1895 32,000,000
1896 27,000,000
1897 45,000,000
1S98 :.. 38,000,000
1899 62,750,000
JROO I... 47,500,000
1901 107,360,000
Total .9421,410,000
We are indebted to Dr. Kosslter John-
Eon, editor of Appleton's Annual Cyclo
peQia, lor this material. According to th«
pchpme followed by Dr. Johnson th«
forthcoming: number of the Cyclopedia
will contain an exhaustive list of gift"
Knd bequests, each amounting to $SOuO or
over. This. list excludes the ordinary de
nominational contributions for education
al, benevolent and religious purposes, or
State and municipal . approprlatons to
public and sectarian institutions and tho
grants of Congress for various measures
of relief.
.Til Er;:- SUNDAY ;':,GAXLi. :
Seep TToox Eye .Open f ox .
"PAT . AND . HEnnr." •; .
They" Are Coming Next Week.
Ar« Already on Their Way,
; "PATc; AOT>^HEENT.'* "
Watch Next Sunday's CalL
10
Americans the most Charitable
Pople in the World
societies, la N«w York,
$25,000. : .
¦•* MORTON, EEKNRT.
- president .of .Steven* In
•tituta of Tontutatocr.Uo
bo]un,"M.*-X'^cUt to ta«
earnest* Laboratory of tae
Inatituta. J30.000, , making
his total gtft to v ttk« lnaU
" tuta $110, Oou. ¦-.'- .
JNEWCOAta. JOSKPHXNB
LOUISE, N*w,Yoric b«ju««t
to Tulane University, tis r«*
due of her esut*. estimated
t $1,600,000.
NEW YORK HI3TORICAX.
KHETY, gifts from frleais tor
r building, J30.CO0.
ORTHWE3TBRN TJNTVXRS.
GUILD, Chlca jo. girt to tae.
lwestarn University, the art
tlon of tha guild, valued «4
X
TTNGHAM. WIT XT A AT, Byr%
. Y., gilt to Syraau*«Ualver»
soa -!.-,
* .-, ¦ ...fTr.R. FRANCIS A., Naw Tart.
sift to Palmer Collage, I* Graad, low*.
(30.000.
PATTERSON, JAMES K., president ot
Kentucky BUU ColUgs, Lexington, Ky..
Kilt to the college for a library. 900,000.
PEAR3ON9, DANI2L viMT>it.T n Chi*
cagro, Kifta to Balolt College, Belolt, Wls..
$200,000, an additional $130,000 to b* raised
by tha trustees; to Illinois Collet*. Jackson
ville, 111., $00,000, th< trustees to raii« aa
additional $50,000; to Northweatara UniTfc**:
lty, Chapln Hall, cost $30,000; Colorado tCai-sV
lose. $50,000; Fargo Collef a, Farip, N. 3-.Tr
$so,0Oor Whitman College. Walla Walla, $80>
000; McKendre* College, Lebanon, I1L, 130,000;
Bethany College, Ltadsborg. Kan.. $20,000;
Falnnount College, Wichita, Kan., $23,000, and
Drury College, Springfield; Mq., $29,000.
PERKINS; GEORGE T.. Akron. O., gift to
the city, a public library, coat $30,000.
PHILLIPS EXETER ACADEMY. Andover,
: Mass., gift from a friend, aa arcnaeologtoal
collection, valued at $430,000. and building to
contain It. . . . . - '
PHILLIPS, GBORGB TV.. Homer. X. T
rift to the village, fundi for a library to cost
$ao.oco. V
. PRINCETON 1 TJNTVKKSITT, rtft« from
friends of new ¦ rymnaalum. $173,000; for uni
versity bulldlns. $90,000; ior a fellowship la
rhetoric, $10,000; also th« property of th» lat*
Profe»sor Guyot.
. REII>. PETER. Paaaalo, N. J.. flXt to ta«
city, a public library, coat $30,000.
RICE, SIMON. Scranton. Pa., beaueat to
Hebrew Union College. Cincinnati. O.. $300,000.
RICHAitDSON, SUSAN CABOT, Milton.
Mass.. bequest to BadoUSs Collesa. tie rever
sion of her estate, $200,000.
ROBERTS; ROSWELL A., T»n»«r». N. T.,
bequests to religious, chart tabla and educa
tional Institutions is ¦ Yonker» N. T.. and
Georgia, with th» reTenlon or on«-hair his
reviduarr estate to th« HomeopatAlo and Ma
ternity Hospital. Tookeara. In all about $300,
000. • ' ' - ¦ -? ¦ ~ • .
jjft/yTru.tf'UH .t.htk JOHN. 13./ New XorX.
glfta to Brown Unmraity, $200,00*. daplloat
ing hla gift of MOO: Cornall UnljeTBity. |250.
0C0; Bryn Mawp College. $230,000 a
' library -building; dormitory and Ur&ttng plant;
Barnard College. New York. $200,000: Oberlln
' (Ohio) College. $200,000; for tn*- foundation In
'New York City of the Rockefeller Institute for ±
Medical Research. *200.00O; Tuitr CoUeara. tns-4
a new dormitory, »fUO,000>- Dee Molnea (Iowa>^
Colltga, $23,000: Vermont Academy. . B«nnln»
ton, Yt; $15,000:. Mercer CoUega,- Maeon, Ga.,
: 115, COO; XTyde Park: Baptist Caurcn, Chicago,
$13,000 ; Carson I and " Newman Collag*. Mossy
Creek. Tenn.. ' $15,000; Waylan« Academy.
Beaver Cam, "Wls.. $7000; -WelleeleT College.
lor a dormitory - and hea-tta* Plant. S 130. 000.
- and the University of Chicago. $1,230,000. The
educational arlfta wer* conditional on aptdfled
amounts being otherwise rilsed during 1901,
which In nearly all cases was done.
ROGERS. JACOB 8., . Pateraon, N. J., be
quest to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New
York, about $3,600,000. Will eoateitti and
sustained. ¦
"RUSSELL. WILLIAM O.. Boston, gift from
heirs of. to tbo city of Plymouth. Haw., for
1 a new library building. $20,000. .,
RYHI1SON. MARTIN A., Chicago, HI., gift
to Grand Rapids, Mich., for a pubUo library,
$150,000.
SAUSBURT, EDWARD EX.DRXDOB. K»w
Haven. - Conn., becueets to Yal* Untreraity.
availabla on the death ot hla widow, for «;•
Art School, $43,000; tie uatverslty library,
J 40.000, and for jrarchaaa of books, 140,000.
SCHiyF. JACOB H.. K«w Tork, gift to
Harvard University . for a Bsmltlo building,
$50,000; to the building fund of the Educa
tional Alliance, $3000, and to tie Jawlaa Theo
logical Seminary, $200,000, - S
SCHWAB, CHARLES M.. Ptttsfeors;. Pa..
pr«aident.ol the United States St««l Corpora
tion, girta to Mount Aloyilm Ac*4*my, Cras
aon. Pa.' a n«w buildln*. cost |30 oco, and to
Waatherly, Pa., for *.'¦ truda iohooL $23, COO.
6EAMANS, CLARSNCa w., JC«w York.
gift. to Syracuse i University, $23,000.
SEVERANCE, LEWI3 H.. Nav Yortc. gift
to Oberlln Collec* for endowment of chair ot
chemlatry,^ $40,000. . , \
\ BHATTUCK. ELIZABETH vL 'gift to B»A
Tard University tat the Henry Le* FtllowmM>
Fund, $23.000.. » ¦
SIBLEY. HIRAM W^ Rochester. N. T., gift
; to Slbley Collega - of . Meshanlcal Engineering
of • Cornell University f o- a new building.
$8S.O0a — - ¦' ;
- eixAsniAS. benjamin J>..i Brooklyn, b—
. quests to Yale University for a ffllowinlp.
$10,000, and $100,000 to revert to YaJe on the
death of " a niece and nephs w; ¦ to Colombi*
TJnlveralty for a fellowshlD. $10,000.
BILLIMAN. DR. HORACE B., Cohoea. W.
".Y.. gift to Union Coller*. Scnenectady, N. T.,
¦a new building for tha Young Men'a Christian
Association, coat SSO.OOO.
. SMITH. CHARLES -A.. Mlnneasolts. Mlna.,
Rift to the . Swedish - Lutheran Collet*, Llads
- bors. Kans.. 25,000,000 feet of sUndlag pine,
.vahied'Bt $25,00<T. •'-, '.< ;
SMITH COLLEGE, gift from a friend for tlw
endowment fund and for a new building. eac»
$50,000. ¦ • - -.- -
-SMITH. HERBERT K.. MEUSSA E. an*
ERNEST W.. New York. Joint .gift to Yale)
University. $30,000./'
• : BPE YE?R. JAMES, and wlfe.'U New York.
Joint gift to the Teachers' Colleg« for an ex
perimental school, $100,000. . i
STANFORD. MRS. JANE Lv. Ban FrancUeo.
Cal.. Kift to the Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity, stocks valued at $13.000. 000 'and 1.000,000
acres of real estate worth S12.000.000: also her
•home in San Francisco, worth $^00,000, the Ut
ter to be converted into a museum and art
eallery.
STEPHENSON. ISAAC. Marinett*. Wls.,
gift to the city for a library building, pro
vided the city maintains It, $30:000.
STRONG. CHARLES A.. New Brunswick.
N. J., bequest tf> Rutgers College. $113,000.
" TAYLOR. EMMA FLOWER. Watertown. N.
T., Blft to the city, a public library buJlV
injr and site. $200,000. :-r : _'.- JU,
TEACHERS' COLI>EGE. N<w York, tin
from a man and wife for a building to b*
used outplil« of school hours. $100,000.
THOMPSON. E. C. r.ncf wife.;: Indianapolis.
,Ind.. Joint Blft to Cutler College. .In that city,
•for a library. $20,000. supplementing, previous
srifi of $10,000. "' •'
THOMPSON. -T. V.. Uniontowii, Pa., gift to
Washington and Jefferson Collet?© for th« en
dowment of the president's chair. $100,000.
THOMPSON. MARY THAW, gift to Wash.
lneton and Jefferson College. Washington. Pa.,
for a new library building. $10,000. supple
menting $50,000 riven for - the .-aama purpose
bvher husbaid. WJlHam R. Thompson.
TILTON. MKf. CAROLINE* STANDARD,
New Orleans. T^i.. gift to Tulahe University
for a library. $50,000.
TUCK, EDWARD. jTew -York, ' gift to 'Dart
mouth CoH««», • a : toulMlng for' th» - School of
Admiil'stratton nndf Flnano* 1 . $100,000, supple
menting 1 « former Rift of S'aso.OOO.
: VANDERBTLT. FREDERICK.- New fork.
; ' gift to Tula University. J100.000.
VAUGHN-MAROUIS. MRS.. AAhtend. Wla..
beauest to th? city of Ashland, the Vaughn
Library. SCO.OOO.
\ WARREN. NATHAN B.. Troy. N. Y.. b»-
Vuest to th» Mary . Warren . Free "-. Institute
thTP, S120.000. •- ¦• - -•-• ..'_'. • • ; ¦
t WARREN.' MRS.' SUSAN C... Boston.- Mans ,
hsitiests to the lluaeum ot. Tin*'. Arts. $15,000;
Psabcdy Muscam, ?30<10: frusta* tor: a per
rranent e<1«catlonal foundation at. West Brook.
. Me.."", $50;000: and to various charities and cot
lenf»» omounts bringing • the" total to nearly
$1SO.W\ .¦¦•:-..;•. ¦ .--.-¦• *'.- .-..- • •
,. W1LCOX..MRS. HARRIET. Brooklyr. N.
' T." bequests t« We«terly-(R. -W-Memdrtal and
Library Aspoolatlpn. .$130,000: , Hamaton In
dustrial - and jNorm'al Institute^ Hamntotr, Va..
and Wesleyan University. Mtddletown. Conn.,
each T" n nnf * 'iituwi'illi ammtrj/iuitoi'. f^lktf*' 1 4g~_ *
': WOLFF. BERNATtn JR.. : PIttsburg. Pa.. V\_
. residuary estate of $250,000; one-half to TraaBl^
. lln and 'Marshall College.-' Lancaster. Pa., one
fourth to Catawba' College; Newton, N.C.. and
one-fotirth to iti Board of Horns Missions o*
th« Reformed Church. ¦
K. T., bequest to
ine; town for a li
brary, her residence.
G U G GENBEIM.
DANIEL. New York!
Sift to the •• Jewish
. H A N N A, 1MARCU3
A., Cleveland. Ohlo,^gift
. to Kenyon Cbllege,\for *
dormitory, $50,000. > ' :
HARKNES3, mrA»T.yjp
New York,.! rift to YaU
University. $55,000. < •
-HARKNESS. EDWARD,
New York, sift to .Xil« Uni
versity, $56.000.
HARTFORD THEOLOGICAL
SEMINARY. • Hartford. ¦ Conn.,
gifts from friends for ! a I Laiason
Memorial Fund, S3O.000.
HARVARD CLUB. - New, Tork,
' gift to Harvard University < for -a
lioathousel $25,000. ' _
HARVARD UNTVERSTTYV -gift
from . a friend for a n»w balldln*.
. 1100.000. • • • v
HAYDEN, - CHARLES H.. Boston.
¦¦'• bequests to the Museum of Fln« Arts,
$100,000. . ¦ ¦
HEALT,. MRS. HELEN It-."*'Clara
niont. N. H.. bequest to th» Stovens High.
School there, the residue of her estate.
' expected to yield from $25,000 to $40,000.
HERGET, GEORGE. Pekin. 111., gift to
the public library, a site for a, building.
HERRICK, M. T.. Wellington.. Ohio, sift
to th» town for a library building. $15,000.
HEWITT. ABRAM 8., New .York, gift to
Cooper Union to enlarge the laboratories.
811, OOO. ¦ - * - ' ' ¦ • ' " "•
• HIGGINSON, HIRAM, gift to Harvard Uni
versity, a building for the Harvard Union.: ¦¦•."
HILL, JAMES J.. New York, gift- to TaU
University, $100,000. ¦¦¦¦¦'-
HOW. MRS. ELIZA ' A.. St. Louis.- Mo., - gift
to • Washington University, St. Louis, Mo., . for
a memorial to her father. . th« late James ; B.
Kads. $100,000. ¦ - ;• ; \
- ' HUNTINGTON, MRS. COLLI3 P.. New York.
rift to the endowment fund of the New York
School 'Of Applied Design for Women. $10,000;
also to the Tuskegee, Normal and Industrial
Institute. $10,000. i
: HUTLER. JOHN- S., N«w Tork, gift to
Syracuse University. $25,000.
JENNINGS. , New York, gift . to" Tal»
University, 560.000. ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
• JESUP. MORRIS K., New York. gift. to
Tuskegee - (Ala.) Normal and Industrial Iaitl
tute, $5000; also to Cooper Union for its read*
Ing-room, $10,000- : .
JOHNS' HOPKINS UNIVERSITY. Balti
more, gifts from friends (up to November 20),
$750,000 toward an ': aggregate of $1,000,000
necessary to secure ground for * new site for
the university. ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦•. - ' . . ,
JOHNSON. WILLIAM M.. Hackensack, N.
J., completed gift to th« village, ground and
public library building; cost. $60,000. .
KEASBEY AND MATTISON COMPANY,
Philadelphia, gift to the University, of Penn
sylvania for Its medical laboratory. $25,000.
KENDALL, EDWARD HALE, New Tork.
bequests, available on the- death of his widow,
to Harvard University, one-ninth of tho resi
due of his estate. - '
KENNEDY; GEORGE N.. . Syracuse. N.' Y..
bequests , to • Syracuse University, $40,000. -¦
-KENT. ALBERT EMMETT, Chicago, 111.,
bequest to i Yale University for" th» Kent
Cnemtcal Laboratory,- $50,000.' ¦ ¦ ¦¦' ¦
. KEYSER. "^VILLIAM, ; Baltimore. Md.i gift
to Johns Hookins University, , $200,000 and 60
acres of land. '&*ftt&PMfQM»flBiMif B nttMHH
•KOST. DR. JOHN. Adrian. Mich., (dft to
¦ the: College of. Medicine and Surgery, -Chicago,
111., a zoological museum, valued at $150,000
' ¦ LAMPSON, WILLIAM. Leroy. N. Y. /died
1897). bequest to Yale University; contested;
amount i awarded (April. 1901). by decree of
court to the university, $500,000. ,
- LEE, JOSEPH, gift to Harvard University
for Henry Lee fellowshlo fund, $25,000.
LEWISSOHN, LEONARD. New .York, gift
'to tha -Jrwlsh Theological Seminary. $50,000
. ¦ LEWISTON, Me., gift from a friend for a
public library. $30,000.
LITTLE.- STAFFORD, gift f to Princeton
University to enlarge -Little Hall. $100,000 •
. McCORMICK. MRS. NETTIE. Chicago,- 'gift
to McCormJck Theological Seminary for a He
bre^v , scholarship, $-10,000."
. McCORMICK. . STANLEY.. . Chicago, gift to
McCormlck - Theological , Seminary for th«
library; ?15.000. - ' la "
»¦ McMlLUN. EMERSON, New York, gift to
u the Columbus (Ohio) :'Art School, a Bits In Co
lumbus,-valued .at $30,000, and a sum not to
exceed - $100,000 : for. an - art museum, an equal
amount to be raised by the citizens.
M ACY. MR. and . MRS. V. EVERETT New
'York, gift to the Teachers' : College, . a but'dln*
for the Horace Mann School. ¦ $500,000. • - .
:- MBADVILLE • V.' (PA.) -.THEOLOGICAIj
SCHOOL, gift . from . a" resident - of New ; York
City for a Robert Collyer fund. J50.000.
' ¦ " * MERCER UNIVERSITY. Maoon Oa. friend
of. gifts - pggreeatinsr - $40,000, thi^s . securing
gift from 'John D.- Rockefeller of $15,000
", - MILLER/. T. H.. - Crete, Nebr.. ' gift to the
Jcityfor.a public -llbrarv.i $10,000.
MOORE,. WILLIAM H. and JAMES H Chi
cago, 7 Joint gift to the village of Greene. N Y"
,for a.nubllc librar>\$30.C00. . - • •
' ' MORAN. - EDWARD. • New York. ¦ beqwwt to
the New ? York .Public; Library, a set of thlr
' teen ' nictures- ralnfd bv - him. . provirt»>d - they
" canaotbeBold-rbvhis executors for $40,000
v- MORGAN. • J. PIERPONT. New - Torki gifts
to Harvard ¦ University tor three buildings - for
-the medical- •eheofc «1.000.000:- to -th« -American
Museum of ; Natural ; History;- th« Belmont col
' lection of minerals. 1 valued at $200,000: to the
Young Men's Christian Association. New York.
- $100,000; to the Museum lor the Arts of Deco
-. raUon : of •. Cooper Union, the : Bodla -. collection
'< of i Barcelona, the . P.lvas .. collection ; of Madrid
./ and *tb«Bnron. collection of Paris., valued at
*frem $50.000 1 to $100. 000;. to the. Loomis Banlta
'riumi forvConBiimntivM/. Liberty. .N. <Y.; an
-¦ electric , light plant ; costing $40,000,7 and ¦ for aand Best of Each— Hats That Will Ap
- . ¦
pear in the Easter Sunday Pa
rade Upon Fifth Avenue,
What to Buy
.-/.-.- - -¦¦¦ ¦ ~
If You Can
Buy Only
•One.-./
the purse line, for you must spend the
money for them and think ahead as care
fully for your Easter headgear as for your
dinner gowns. Three Easter hats you
must have if you have to go without a
shirt waist or two. and ' they must be in
the_new_ shapes and colors.
Easter Colors.
The Easter colors In different parts of
the. world are these:
In Paris, white trimmed with flowers
and lace.
In Vienna, the black hat with- brilliant
trimmings.
. In London, the conservative tones
trimmed with purple and gTay.HpqSnaK*M
. In this country there are daring color
combinations that evoke the admiration
of milliners all over the earth. ¦
For the first time in the history of
American millinery there is a demand for
the American Easter hat abroad and the
"Imported" hat . is • a feature of the best
establishments of London and Paris. The
American sailor has long been known on
the -other side, but the Easter, hat not
until this year. y . ¦
The straw hat of . Easter is certainly
odd. It Is chic and very becoming.
There are many varieties of it and you
can take your pick and choice. , But in
them all, and through them all, there- is
the note of oddity.
Take the little straw turban which Is to
bo so much worn. It Is made of satin
straw, curiously, mingled . in a , sort . of
braiding until it Is close and 'secure. T Or
it is made of colored cloth • and straw
braided together. Or it may be of che
nille and straw Intertwined with . a sus
picion of a crocheted stitch. ;;Any and
many a way it is put together/ until ¦ it
makes a -handsome, firm, material from
which a hat !• built. . . . v ' -:
The shape of the straw turban is circu
lar and turned up all .the way .around
with tho brim nearly ; as high -as - the
crown, yet not quite as high. It is not
the distinct boat shape 'with high -sides
that concer.l* the top, but a boat-shaped
I mini n HI 1 *1ll|pii<'<lllfli>|»l'i'iii||tfiii|iiimiiijli IfM
The brim sets out a little and the hat
when laid <¦ upon the table is perfectly
round in shape. • But when -you v have
trimmed it there is more diversity.' At
each side you ; have probably caught it up
with a group of bird wings and under the
wings you 'have placed a bunch of velvet.
. . * .-'.. The Easter Turban.
The color, if you "are out for spring
effect,' is ' green'. with scarlet' in > It. > More
like autumn It would seem to use scarlet
in . the? hat- trimming, -but though ; It '. is
spring, you will find: that. there is many. a
touch of the flamingo. • ¦ ••- - .-. :
Letthe hat -be- caught' high at each
side, with the flaming red wings.Mn which
there is some black; and let the ribbon be,
say.'aileaf green, in -two shades,; a dark
leaf and a light leaf.. *-,. '¦ •-> ¦¦: :. - ..,•'¦'
Around 7 the • crown let there be some
velvet .lalil ¦ in: a; double 'roll and at the^
back t let :' there 'be a velvet ¦> bow with '- the
loops pointing; both \ ways ": to make a neat
finish. > If 'the,turban be-cut!down?at»the
back , the ends ; of ' the .velvet ; can lie upon
the hair.; Otherwise a ' ribbon' bow ¦ can be
set underneath the backof ithe brim. . v.~
.There is another.:: turban ' color <- com
bination.-; This > is .; gray - and violet.r with
a"touch-of "greeni-and iovely;it'ls. . The
hat i which : Js ? in w gray; is * trimmed > with
with two loops at eacn side and no ends.',
ltiresembled- an- .Alsatian, , except ; that,
there-were doublesets of loops at- eacn
side and a tight knot in the middle. .Thi3
was to bey set right .upon ' the • hair, ¦ in tho '
middle or the pompadour, .which jwas; a;
low one, with a suggestion of a parting at.
one side and with a full set of waves at
each. side of. the part.- -.*;/-. :. ; - '
The straw -turban' is , an outing hat and
a -walking hat and; a street hat. -. It Is a
"trotting" hat,' and one that ls'to be.worn
on' all -commonplace -occasions. 'The Itur-"
ban and , its cousins, ; the : neat little: round
straw .; hats, : '¦ are I- charming A in J their '¦¦ un-.'
trimmed", simplicity,; and; many'of \them : ,
are -1 completes with ; their; bows-, of -velvet ;
without otherdecoration. . -•,-•• <
V The '~ very .easily; crushed: flowers, : the.
sbft^ mallnes? and •chiffons;- the striped'
gauzes and tulles and the soft stuffs of all
kinds/are best used "upon .'some other
sty le : of : hats • rather than upon , these util- ;
ity vturbans;^'for' : they,' are ;for , wean and
tear and are of the ready-to-stand-by-you '
sortrtthatwillgo you through the vicissi
tudes; of; spring. v-.rr" - ¦''S : '' ;:;^-r:- : ------ '.-.'.• :r'.'/
• * The i Easter \ church hat is also the call- •
3HtiimiiiHi»iinr»niMif . win whinitiJW'lw *¦¦— Tim niill
Astor Is in ; the continental shape, which
looks much like the, three-cornered hat.
The crown and brim- are of tucked violet
colored silk, while pink roses are arranged
around ' the . crown. - At one side a great
big* black velvet- bow catches the - brim
against. the crown. •_-
."Another hat« to -be 'worn by this same
well-dressed woman shows a round crown
a nd a flat • brim. - Around . the brim, ¦ very
near the < edge, there is ; arranged a .thick
puff' of "veiling ...which is .'caught around
the crown here and there with big buckle
like'pins: that; stand upright.* The top of
the crown is trimmed with a mass of bows
.with; short loops and short ends standing
upright like one big bed of ends and bows.
" ' It' is •¦'. quite impossible > to thtnk out a
hat -. this » Easter. One must look at the
pictures and : study ; them and learn ; from
them -and from the shop windows how to
make a hat. ,' ¦ ' .-'. ._-¦.' .— --
;The; woman who, feels poor.. this Easter,
and we / all ' have ? otir,. poverty spells, • can
banish the blues and come out quite glo
rious - at ] Easter. Let , her hie .' herself . to
the v shop '. and i purchase ' three yards of
tulle, the color depending upon the shade
yOU will need this year three Easter
hats: A small, round straw tur
ban, grayly trimmed; a neat hat
trimmed with flowers, for calling:
a very effective fluffy, floppy pic
ture hat !; ¦.'/>;
With these three you can get along
through the Easter month. But the day
has gone by and faded Into ancient his
tory when a woman could buy one hat
and wear it as an Easter hat, .and later
appear In it during all the spring until the
summer.
Consolations there are In the matter of
later adaptlveness. You can make your
Easter picture hat do for garden parties
In August. And, If you are clever, you
¦will see how your little straw turban will
answer as a traveling hat and an outing
hat. As for the neat flower-trimmed hat
or toque, it will do for matinees all the
ypricjc and for a calling hat in June when
you ero cut for the P. P. C. calLj— to tell
people that you are going away.
But it is well to reconcile yourself to
the . fact that you will need three hats
and to make suitable appropriation in
black wings, while violet velvet is twisted
around the crown and .violet velvet sets
off the wings. ¦ . "~
A startling style of hat is the tri
corne, but you must be stylish to wear it.'.
'Like the new veil, it requires some pecu
liar; charm of manner and carriage of
the head to take it off well. The latest
veil is one that is fastened in the back,
. with a great splashing bow, while ' ends
and loops set each way. Upon one woman
it will look very, nice, but upon another
U will be positively grotesque. So with
(the tricorne hat. It does not become all
Ipeople. "-•¦-*
i There is a three-cornered or tricorne
hat which looks very well and is pecu
jliarly adapted to traveling use later on.
jit is a hat with very little trimming," but
lit is so-cut in the straw or so bent that
jthe front comes down to a pcalc right over
the nose,' while the sides flare and turn
up a little and are caught with a bunch
I of velvet loops.
An Easter Matinee Hat.
An Easter hat that was no hat at all,
, but' a bow, was sold a few days ago for
'quite -a sum. - It was called a matinee
I toque. It was made out of pink satin
ribbon ¦ of the color of a; tea rose. The
ribbon was four inches wide. Over it was
stretched black velvet two inches wide,
leaving a margin of nink at each side.
j The whole was tied in a big double bow,
df her spring suit If It be gray, then get
a faintly nickel tone of tulle. If the suit
be blue. then. get white tulle. If It be a
brown, then select a pale coffee-colored
stuff, a cafe au lait tulle. If it be black,
then again have refuge in white. If you
do not like colors at all, choose all black
tulle, which is always ladylike and very
easily handled.
Take tha tulle and lozenga it. This
means cut out circles of black velvet the
size of a dime and attach them, to the
tulle at Intervals of two* Inches. A little
depends upon the style of the woman for
a small person should not attemnt the
daring resultsrof the majestic styl© of
women, but should content herself with
few*r dots.
When the tulle has been lozenged, and
for this there Is really nothing aulte as
modish as a- faint yellow tulle with black
spots, then wind it around the brim of
the hat. Let it go round and round, and
then let It start around the crown. Try
to drase the whole hat with it, without
covering it entirely.
Kaking Tour Easter Hat.
Now take the brim and pick out tha
tulle until it lies in big folds, the lozenges
in plain sight, and let the folds be heavy
and open and soft. Catch them with big
buckles of steel or of silver; or. if you
feel very poor, with nothing at all. But
at one side set a big velvet knot and your
Easter hat wil be complete. It will not
equal a pbsitlvely new one in your own
estimation, but it will fool nine out of
ten persons who view it.
If you wear a veil let it also be dotted,
but for this use the oval, 'long, narrow
ones, sewed on here and there, but never
cover the eye or the tip of the nose.
.The ribbon sash or scarf In the Easter
hat will be among the novel sights. One
hat, a straw with round brim and rather
high crown, is trimmed around the brim
with a long plaid scarf, but the scarf, in
stead of draping the brim or lying In
folds, is threaded In and out In long
stitches around the outer edge of the
brim, four stitches being required to go
around the brim. At the back it is tied
in a bow with ends.
Another scarf is threaded fn and out,
but this one is threaded around the crown
Itself, and for the threading there are big
Etraps of straw, through which the ribbon
is run, like straps upon the face of a piece
of insertion. , The scarf is very wide and
lies In many folds. At one sida It is tied
in many loops and ends.
There are so many ways of using this
sash this season. There is some attempt
to have it hang down at the back in sash
ends, and you do see many hats so treat
ed, but, truth to tell, the style Is not very
becoming to many and it Is positively
prejudicial from a standpoint of good
looks. It certainly takes height and grace
to wear streamers banging down one's
back with good effect, and the woman
without either will do well to consider.
The scarf is used in place of ribbon to
some extent, and pretty it looks in Its
devious windings. It is a' decided adjunct
to any hat of straw design, and no won
der that it is used In such a variety of
ways.
For Easter Automobilingr..
, The automobile hat is something de
serving a chapter by Itself. Hats are
specially built for wearing in steam car
riages, and a clever compromise they are
between the outing hat and the eratwhila
carriage hat.
The big, fluffy hat, worn for carriage
wear, will not do for automobiling, as It
is too soft. It blows out of shape in the
rapid progress of the machine. Neither
will the delicate hat answer, as it will
catch tho dust. Roses and the like are
unsuitable, unless properly treated, and
the auto hat comes to be a thing by
itself.
An automobile hat, worn by the wife
of a Washington diplomat, a handsome
woman, is brown taffeta, tha brim being
a mass of tucks. Roses He under the
brim so that they touch the hair. The
top of the hat has a bed of roses all fas
tened low and securely. Covering tha
roses there is a veil of waterproof ma
line, and the roses under the slda are
protected In the same way.
An automobile hat worn by young Mrs.
Blaine was a tri-corner of navy blue vel
vet as to the brim. The tri-corners were
looped with deep red American Beauty
roses. The top of tha hat was laid in
folds of white taffeta and navy blue
velvet.
Compactness is tha watchword in trim
ming the automobile hat, and, while the
rough and ready straws with their simple
adornment of quills are much more suit
able, they are not considered quite
prettty enough, and you see tha hand
somely trimmed auto hats wherever you
hear the whirr of the wheels.
Easter Smartness.
¦ A smart tilt Is given certain of these
driving hats, though the tilt i3 so diffi
cult to keep in place upon the head.
One side is lifted extremely high and
under the high brim there is set a very
large, handsome bunch of velvet or a
little side hill flower bed. Bunches 'of
tulle are- also seen here, and them, art*
little bouquets of ribbon roses with the
utmost semblance to the real roses.
Looking at the hats one is constrained
to wonder if the present vogua for fancy
designs will ever go out and plainness
succeed frivolity. " Unfortunately for
those who desire such an end, the pres
ent styles are becoming, and it is uncer
tain to predict that they. will disappear.
Give a woman something that is becom
ing to her and she will cling to it. even
though the making of it take . all her
time, and tha purchasing of the mate
rials of it all the money in her purse.
' When one thinks of the severe fedoras,
the stiff walking hats, once called Eng
lish, the small square turbans, the hats
that turned up at both sides precisely
alike, and the sauare sailors without a
touch of smartness in their trimming,
then ona shudders and Is constrained to
wonder how in the world, in those days,
any woman at all managed to be pretty,
and one does not marvel at the fact mat
in those austere seasons there were not
more than two or three beauties, whereas
every other woman now calls herself
such.
Easter Picture Hats.
The big brimmed, floppy picture hat
will be a feature. Do not confound it
with the Gainsborough, nor with tha
classic Romney, nor with the Isabey, for
it is nothing of the sort. It is a big,
loosely put together hat.' with roses that
dangle upon the ends of long stems and
bunches of tulle that blow In the breezes
and big veil-like streamers.
These hats are made of tulle, shirred
over a wire frame, or they have for their
foundation a very open lace straw. The
straw is not stiff, but is wavy In the brim,
taking on shapes according to the day
and the desire. These big, floppy shapes
can be pulled down at each side to look
something like a poke: they can be lifted
at the back to give the face an air of
wlstfulness under tha drooping 1 front
brim; they can be raised at one side a
little and a rose set under. Just for the
sake of the picture: or there can be the
complexion rose, which is the big pink
/rose, right over the eyebrow, to set off
the peach tones of the face. .
It is . in ' the bis picture hat that >4ha
greatest coloring is seen, for the Dresden
tones are- used In wonderful color
schemes; and there are pinks and 'blues
and greens. and white that He all together
' in one lovely flower garden all nestling
.in a bed of tulle.
The covered or draped brim, no matter
how wide it is seen, is bent and. twisted
to look well over the face.
Garden party hats come under this class
and they are immense things, mostly in.
white with colored roses. They are get
ting ready for Queen Alexandra's garden
parties, which , are to be features of the
41ew reign; and the most enormous hats of
chiffon and -jeweled .tulle will be set full
of roses, yellow, white and red, to maka
a glorious hat. That will be the Alexan
dra'garden party; hat and will -mark tha
beginning of the /Alexandra' era, even as
certain hats v mark ; the beginning of tha
Victorian era."
ing hat, for one can be very gaudy In
one's ¦ devotion to Easter. And here one
comes * to a much more intricate treat
ment. "
There Is an Easter bat that Is a rose
hat. It Is ' supplied with a round crown,
covered with roses, not a spot of the hat
showing except the roses; then there are
rolling sides also covered with roses/ and
the front and the back are all roses. A
rose hat it is, with the only trimming con
sisting of a small aigrette in front, with a
rhinestone at the foot of. the aigrette.
Easter, Church. Hats.
Velvet arid chiffon will be much used to
gether. .Chiffon, which has been called
the connecting link between winter and
summer, holds its own - this : season, and
more than holds its own. while velvet slips
in as a companion. Velvet is good every
where, ¦ and with velvet and chiffon one
cannot go far astray. Easter church hats
are largely of velvet. ¦ ¦ •
A Gainsborough, not a picture hat, but
a " modified ' Gainsborough, has a wide
brim faced with alternate folds of chiffon
and velvet, the chiffon lying over the vel
vet. The top of the hat, the plateau part,
is covered with -little velvet cords, wound
round and round like chenille. Caught at
the front is a very long, very thick plume,
and this extends over the top of the hat
and falls at the back until It touches the
hair and sweeps it a little.
The ostrich feather, - instead of going
out. Is coming In, and you will see many
a, feather-swept hat. Great, long, curling
ostrich '¦ plumes are fastened at one side
of a -round hat and the plume is allowed
to come across the front | and to fall off
at the ; side, in very pretty style, giving
width to the front of the hat. The plume
may curl thickly, and cover the hat with
Its , close tendrils. -
• The ¦ ;llttle flat-topped , hat of shirred
tulle is another medium for the ostrich
feather. It may be .la>ge. without "being:
large . enough to be a picture hat, while
right -in the middle of the top is a circle
of : lace.' Around- the brim there curls a
plume, \yhich ¦ is carried all the way
front, : over : the right side and down the
back until it gracefully caresses the neck.
The manner in which this is applied sug
gests the way In which a boa is worn
around - the throat — tossed carelessly
around. .
Eastsr Calling Hats.
. There are hats almost of nothing 1 but
one curling feather, which conceals every
thing else from a front view and leaves
very little to be seen from the back ex
cept-an" openwork crown, very low and
very '. flat.
-Among the smart calling hats, or thea
ter^ hats, 1 may be mentioned' the acorn
hat. This is a round affair of white tulle
with softjy draped brim, the whole lying
in .many folds. Over the white chiffon
there : are laid large green velvet oak
leaves, cut out and appllqued, one by one
upon the chiffon,' until the crown and
brim are all covered.
' A long brown stem finds Its way across
the top of the hat. At one side there is
a mass of acorns, with brown cups, shad
ins into green.
A hat of light tan chiffon wa3 lifted at
one side, while the whole top and brim
was a mass of the chiffon. Big dots of
black velvet trimmed the chiffon. Under
the lifted side there were folds of white
velvet, edged with black velvet, and these
were arranged like leaves, so that their
edges lay as though they were the Ieave3
of a book. .
Another hat- had a top of gray velvet.
The front was covered with a mass of
tulle and, right in the middle of the front,
-there were - two big r American Beauty
roses with .their leaves.. ¦ -.,
Mrs. Astor's Easter Hat.
A hat to" be worn by Mrs. John Jacob
THE SD^l)AT CALL, ¦
Fashion Says There Must Be Hats for Streets
for Church and for Calling, and the
leaders of Styles Are Rushing Off in
Nervous Anxiety to Secure ths Earliest
11
Ester Hats
for the Street
the Church and Calling'Those whose i hard fate It has been^to
live in .rented 'houses will enjoy "The Van.
r>wellcrs,",'by Albert 1 Bigelow Paine. "Yet
even.' the fortunate few who'know nothing
of , such trials ' as are i recounted; in , this
book: must 1 - delight- in Hhe humor of - its
pages. The particular van dwellers whose'
travels.. form the- subject-matter are a,
man, ? his ' wife " and ; two . children. ; They
have moved from the West to New York,
where . they . start out to find a: house in
which : to live: 'They decide upon a small
apartment, , which becomes. the r first in a
quickly changing, series of homes! .Soon
The Van Dwellers.
.'A charmingly i written . description - of
wild flowers , and ferns as they appear | in
their native places is published under the
title,'- '.'Flowers ; and • . Ferns * ' in ' v Their
Haunts." The "work is not a text-book on
botany.""? Free from technical 1 nhraseology,
It, describes 'Jn a way V to "/make ;, clear
even to the untrained lovef of flowers the
beauty which may be found; in the com
mon flowers of, the field.; A slender. thread
"of 'narrative runs through; the book,* and
:this .lends ; occasion > f orj delightful '¦'• reflec
; tlons ; upon ¦• the; beauties : of .^ wood3 W and
fields,', and upon' the • happiness ,• to } be i de
rived . , from a close V acquaintance • with
Ferns and Flowers.
. "Songs of the Susquehanna," . by Alfred
E.. Hostelley, ; is ' aS 'volume of simple,
homely verse. The one conspicuous merit
of ' the . book is'that the author has been
content to write of the simple occurrences
of every-day life. , T The poems are of ' the
class ; which * win .. for./ the writer a : local
reputation .when -they . appear : in . the col
umns r of ; a. provincial newspaper. ¦.". They
are "scarcely' suited - to preservation in
book : form; < unless signed .byj the author
as a gift to admiring friends. (Published
by Sherman & Co.,; Philadelphia.)
Songs of the Susquehanna.
"Pebbles and Pearls" Is. the title of a
volume of \verse .written by : ;Cleland
Kernestaffe. A search ; through the book
failed to discover any of Its /'pearls" of
poetry. The following stanza will serve
as a commentary upon the merits of the
book: '
But as I am a poet, working hard for funds
and fame,. •• < , . . ' .
Don't let the public know it,' for 'twould surely
¦ '•.-.: blast my name;-.' "•.'¦',
Though i were I sure hereafter, . when my soul
slips from" its 1 shell, •"•.-:• /
That the gods , (who ' think me dafter) would
•• treat me quite'* as 'well- ' ¦
As ¦ did • that - fiddler — frankly, I'd take, at
• .once the chance: . ' . • ' ¦¦.'''
Let others hold the dollars — If I only hold the
i dance. - ... : . ¦ - . • ¦_-. -. ¦¦•:.¦
Grant me , soft suna and - showers — the gentler
¦.',' gifts, of* love; •••¦.- ". > ¦.¦¦'¦¦¦ ¦•'-'
Fairer, to me earth's . flowers than the brlght
_ ¦:•; est stars above! . .
(Published. by F. Tennyson Neely"& Co.,
New York. Prlce'$l 50.) :j, V-.-;;".'/.-- ¦-^¦,:;>-->,
Pebbles and Pearls.
Books Received.
¦WISTONS — By Miles Amber. Charles Scrib
ner*s Sons. New York. $1 50.
MARY t STARKWEATHER— Bjr : Carolina
Crawford "Williamson. The Abbey .^ress. New
York. $1 60.
FRANK LOGAN— By Mrs. John M. Clani-
The AHbey Press, .New York. $1. ' ¦ JL
A PARADISE VALLEY GTRL— By Susanaa
M D. Fry. The Abbey Press. Ke w York. $t.
A MOMENT'S MISTAKE— By R. H. Ho'.t-
Lomai. The Abbey Press. New York. $1.
FATHER MANNERS — By Hudson Young.
The Abbey Press. New York. SI.
THE GRACE OF ORDERS— By N. B. "Wins
ton. The Abbey Press. New York. $1.
ESTHER HILL'S HOUSEMAID— By Caro
line Parsons. The Abbev Press. New York.
A DOG DAY JOURNAL — By Blossom Drum.
The Abbey Press. New York. 50 cents.
In "Tales of Dunstable Weir," Gwen
dolln' Keats (Zack) has produced still
more fine work. , On .'the whole these
stories are not equal to !'The:White.Cot
tage" ; j but i even so; they are well worth
reading.' There are seven- stories in the
collection, all dealing with people living
im the -small' village of 'Dunstable Weir.
They are ] supposed to be * related b.y =' one
of ¦ .the villagers, .>,who3e name is
Zack. The tales ' border closely upon the
tragic, , and yet there; are fine touches of
humor In their recital, which saves them
from being ¦ depressing. : That they • are
written . with a. fine skill and with -a
knowledge of the deepest feelings of the
human heart no. one who Is acquainted
with Miss Keats' work 1 will need to be
assured., "(Published by .Charles Scrib
ner's Sons, New York.: Price $1 50.)
Dun stable Weir.
him. He begins his political career as an
unscrupulous politician. ¦ In the course of
time the methods which he uses for gain-
Ing its ends improve until as Governor he
gains not only the admiration but the re
spect of the public. The story as a hls
torV of the main events in the life of a
clever politician of a type 'common now
adays Is interesting enough. The main
defect of .the i book lies in the [ failure of
the author to draw 'a clear portrait of the
main character. To be sure, Shacklett
is said at first to be a man who has in
herited two conflicting natures and to ba
an .enigma even to his ¦ intimate " friends.
Yet as the story proceeds the reader can
not, help feeling that Shacklett Is really a
man. as well governed , throughout his
career by a definite purpose as is . the
average man. The book Is much more
interesting as a series of political sketches
than as a logically developed . character
study. (Published by D. Appleton & Co.,
New York. Price $150.) :
Current History for February presents
a record of the world's events during De
cember last and closes the eleventh vol
ume of this valuable chronicle.; A striking
portrait' of Secretary Hay; is the frontis
piece of this number, .to accompany an
opening article by, Joseph Fitzgerald, en
titled "The ; New Treaty and Secretary
Hay." .,. The contents In general deal with
Congress and the President's message,
the South African war, the United States
D. Appleton & Co.'s February announce
ments include "Kate -Bonnet,"- by Frank
R. Stockton; "Scarlet and Hyssop," by E
F. Benson; ."The Pageant and Ceremony
of the Coronation," by Charles Eyre Pas
coe; "Practical Forestry," by .Professor
John Gifford ; "The Earth's Beginning "
by Sir Robert . Sta well Ball; "Financial
Crises," by Theodore E. Burton; "Love m
Its Tenderness," byi J. R. : Aitken; "Per
sonal . Memoirs of • Philip 'Henry- Sheri
dan,'-' by Brigadier General Michael V
Sheridan: "A History of the United Stat°a
Navy," by Edgar S. Maciay: "Haro'd'a
Discussions." by J.' W. Troeger; "The Ad
ventures of Marco Polo," by Edward Ath
ertonr "History of Ancient Greek Litera
ture," by Harold N.' Fowler: "A Labora
tory and Field Manual of Botany" bv
OtisW. Caldwell. . ¦' y
"The Fighting Bishop"— a novel without
a hero— by Herbert M. Hopkins, will be
publlshe'd by the Bowen-Merrill Company
the last of this month. "Mr. Hopkins is an
Ohio man. He now. occupies the chair of
Latin in Trinity College, Hartford, Conn.
For" a time he resided in Berkeley and
assisted in the- Latin department of the
University, of California. His wife Is the
talented authoress who writes under the
pseudonym I of Pauline Bradford Mackle
"The Fighting" Bishop" is Mr. Hopkins'
first book and is a novel after the man
ner of the old school, a- story of family
life, of a Bishop and of -his sons,, and their
sweethearts and wives. ,
Little, Brown & Co, will publish the fol
lowing books of fiction this spring: "The
Heroine of the Strait; or, A Romance of
Detroit in the Time of Pontiac," by Mary
Catherine Crowley, author of "A Daugh
ter of New France," with illustrations by
Ch. Grunwald; "The God of Things," by
Florence Brooks Whltehouse, a modern
society novel, with illustrations by the
author; .' v 'The Eagle's Talon, a Romanes
of the Louisiana Purchase," by Sheppard
Stevens, author of "I am the King" and
"The Sword of Justice,'.' with illustrations
by A. Russell, and "In the Country God
Forgot," a stirring tale of the Southwest,
by Frances Charles. ',>
Harper & Brothers published on Febru
ary 4 a new and revised edition of Colonel
McClure's standard work on "Our Presi
dents, and How We Make Them," which
is fully up to date, including a, portrait of
President Roosevelt. The same publish
ers simultaneously Issued a newly revised
edition of William Blaikie's excellent
manual • of sensible physical exercise,
"How to Get Strong, and How to Stay
So," now issued In more convenient form
than heretofore and at a popular price.
Daniel C. Gilman, who is at the head of
the board in charge of the founding of the
new Carnegie Institution /in Washington,
occupies the unique distinction of having
been the chief figure in the founding of
three universities— the University of Cali
fornia. Johns Hopkins and the new Carne
gie. In Dr. Gilman's book "University
Problems" will be found the result of
many of his experiences with the first two
of the above institutions.
Doubleday, Page & Co. are about to
publish Clyde Fitch's well-known comedy
"Captain Jinks of the Horse Marines" in
a dainty volume, with photographs of
scenes of the play, in which Miss Ethel
Barrymore has scored such a popular suc
cess.
Literary Notes.
plot. The heroine Is a skillful trained
nurse who meets her fate in her last pro
fessional case. The story is told in diary
' form. Price 60 bents.
"Esther Hills. Housemaid," by Caroline
Parsons, presents the home, the master
and the mistress from a maid's point of
-view. The style varies from the humor
ous ti the pathetic. A gentle, village-bred
girl is obliged to earn her living and so
secures a housemaid's position. Her ex-,
perlences go to make up the contents of
the book. The unique feature of the book
is the "secret. society," where the maids
meet to discuss the secrets of the house
holds in which they live. Price $1.
"The Grace of Orders," by N. B.-Wins
ton, is a story of Virginia of to-day com
bined with' certain echoes from the past—
a sort of contrast as it were between
the new and the old. Through the whole
runs, so distinct a spirit of the woods and
fields that one perceives the writer of it
to be a true lover, of nature in all her
• moods: Price $1.
"Father Manners," by Hudson Young, is
a bit of humor for those who like fun.
The serious fix in which the anti-Protest
ant Episcopal subject of. the story, the
Rev. Father Manners, find himself, on
awakening from his dream of the revival
of jnonastlcism in the- church, caught bv
Cupid and bound by the threefold vow, is
the climax of the narrative. Price $1.
i"A. Moment's Mistake." by R. H. Holt-
Lomax, is a story dealing with the love,
• of the man for. the woman and the. love
between parent and child. The plot deals
with a young couple who. separated from
each other by accident., yet cling In spite
of everything to their one son. The
1 scenes ; are laid in -Europe and in the
¦ boundary country where the States Join
• the Dominion of Canada. Price $1. ..
• "Mary Starkweather," - by Carolin
¦ Crawford ; Williamson, is a novel exploit
>' ing :the science of mind. In it. she does
¦ not antagonize her 'church nor. any special
• branch of intellectual research. Mrs. Wil
• liamson fs an Episcopalian.. Price, 51 50.
"El Dorado" Is a record of the personal
experiences of the author. .D. A. Shaw,
during pioneer days in California. Mr.-
Shaw made the overland. Journey, from
Illinois in 1850. His book contains an in
teresting account of his trip to California,
which was fraught with the dangers
which beset the travels of the hardy ad
venturer through a bleak country, infested
with Indians. Mr. Shaw's reminiscences
of men -whom he knew, who played a
prominent part in the early history of
California, form one of the most enter
taining portions of the narrative. - •;
The book contains a condensed history'
of the leading events which have taken
place in California from, the time Sir
Francis Drake entered the Golden Gate.
Furthermore, there is given a description
of the leading features of social and polit
ical life In pioneer days. These reminis
censes of Mr. Shaw give a vivid picture
El Dorado.
"Shacklett," a novel by Walter Barr,
is described in the sub-title as "the evo
lution of a statesman." An exception may
well be taken to applying the epithet
"statesman" to the hero of the story.
Still, as the history of a man who was a
very astute politician, even if he .did not
deserve the more dignified title, the story,
is entertaining. When Noel .Shacklett
first appears in this history he is a young
farmer, living with his : : widowed mother
in a small town in Illinois. Shacklett 1 s
father had in his lifetime held the offlco
of Sheriff. The elder Shacklett had. had
a great liking for politics. - He . was, on
the whole, a . man in whose nature good
rather than evil predominated. Yet there
was in him a strong bias toward evil, it
was due to the influence of his wife, a
woman "of noble nature, . that ' Sheriff
Shacklett was kept - in • an undeviating
path of rectitude. Noel Shacklett, the
eon, has inherited nature: of both
parents. It is the conflict of the warring
elements in him that the author makes a
prominent, feature of the, story. Noel
fcshacklett, from a modest participation in
the political life of his native town, be
comes in time, a figure; of importance in,
national politics. When Noel is still a
very young, man, a lawyer from the town,
in which he lives secures for him a clerk
ship in the Legislature. . ; . '".':¦¦;
In Springfield Shacklett begins a career
as a lobbyist that . in the future is. to
bring to him great but questionable fame.
In the early days of , * his : residence . in
Springfield Shacklett meets % Mary " Stod
dard, the woman whom he is destined : to
marry. To the Influence of -this 'girl is
due in great measure the change, for the'
better which ultimately, takes place in
the political methods of Shacklett. Dur-.
ing Shacklett's' career as a lobbyist , he
studies. law. After he Is admitted ,to the
bar he goes West to : live. :ln '¦¦ the .West
ern State in which he settles he is elected'
United States Senator. : At, the end of his,;
term of oltlce ; Shacklett returns . to • 1111-,,
nols. Shacklett becomes Governor of that
State. During the continuance of a strike
there the militia - is called out ; to quell
disturbances, which 'have- arisen.' In, a
i fight between soldiers and strikers . Gov
ernor Shacklett meets his death. .r : . *;';• '
. Noel Shacklett is supposed to be a man
with a genius for carryingto a successful
issue ¦ political schemes which interested
Shacklett.
of those early California days which must
always be of great interest to. those \who
care to study the different stages through
which the State has passed in its march
of progress. (Pu.blish.ed by B. R. Baum
gardt & Co., Los Angeles, Cal. Price
$125.) .. „
The book is bound in the usual legal
calf, and Is published by Charles W. Palm
Company, Los Angeles.
A book that will necessarily find a place
on the shelf of every California lawyer is
"Corporations In California," by Charles
A. Son, A. M., LL. B. Mr. Son is a prom
inent member of the San Francisco Bar.
This little volume Is a concise treatise,
covering all branches of the existing law
of California relating to private corpora
tions, including foreign corporations, to
gether with a statement of the conditions
under which foreign corporations can do
business in Alaska, Arizona, Nevada, Ore
gon and Washington. In a brief preface,
Mr. Son sets forth the purpose of ' his
work. He says, In part: "Part II of the
book contains in full the text of all stat
utes of California, now in force, relating
to private corporations. The arrangement
of these statutes is one of the features of
the book. They are classified under the
same classification as 13 used In the main
portion of the book, so that there Is col
lected under each heading all the statute
law of the State relating to its subject,
whether such law is found in the Session
Laws, the Codes or the Constitution.
Thus, -by means of the index, the reader
can readily turn to all' the statute law
on the subject he has in mind, while by
means of the table of statutes, the judicial
'construction of such statute law Is at his
command.
"Part III, containing the statutes of
Alaska, Nevada, Oregon and Washington,
includes the laws of 1901."
Corporations in California.
Mr. Smith quotes some lines written by
Charles Keeler, the poet and scientist,
which will find an echo in the heart of
all who love our State flower: .
"Oh, ye who love gold, go forth to the
fields and find it. There may ye behoM
the meadows bossed with the living gold
and the hills carpeted therewith. It Is
gold beyond all price. To look upon it
enriches. It cannot corrupt, and he who
hoards it is no miser with his stores. El
Dorado is found, and its treasure is for
all. Men of toil and women of care, the
hills and fields are thy comforters; 'go to
them and find the golden poppy. The blua
sky is over it: the birds sing around it:
cherMh it; cherish and love all the sweet
things that nature has provided for ye,
and behold, ye shall be eternally blessed."
The volume is attractively printed and
bound. It has the distinction of being the
first book ever published upon any State
or national floral emblem. (Published by
the author at Palo Alto, Cal. Price $1 50.)
explorers (by some the legend embraces
the name of Father Junipero Serra) ex
claimed as he saw the golden poppy: 'At
last I have found the Holy Grail!' and
laising aloft the perfect cup he reverently
touched his lips to the rim of the 'calce
de oro'— chalice of gold." r
"Edward E. Hale in the 'Queen of Cali
fornia' speaks of receiving a letter from
Starr King in which he wrote of seeing
through a telescope the color of Mount
Diablo, thirty-eight miles away, change
when the eschscholtzias were in bloom."
"Mrs. Lucy Underwood McCann of San
ta Cruz many years .ago used to tell on
public occasions a very funny little s=tory
about some pioneer gold - hunters. It is
given in her own language: ';¦ V ""
"Among a lot of early, day argonauts
who started for California' In , a sailing
\essel 'around the Horn/ in 1S4S, was my
husband. Judge Ferdinand J. McCann.
.The vessel was nine .months on the voy
age, stopping only at Valparaiso, -where
they learned for the first time of the dis
covery of gold in California. After their
arrival in San Francisco a party of the
ship's passengers started out for a walk
o\er the sand hills that surrounded th.»
then small village of San Francisco,
nestled down close to the waters of the
bay. Reaching the top of a .hill, which
looked down into the Mission Valley be
yond It, they saw with amazement a
great patch of glittering yellow glisten
ing In the sun below them. For a moment
they stood in amazement: then, with a
wild shout of 'Gold! Gold! Gold!' they
broke into a mad rush toward the spot,
fighting and scrambling for the foremost
place as they ran wildly down the' hill,
and at last they tumbled heels over head
Into a great bed . of yellow poppies. The
resulting amusement in the community
when the story became circulated can
well be understood." <
occur, are, nevertheless, very amusing In
retrospect— if only one can look upon
them in the right way. (Published by
J. F. Taylor & Co., New York. Price 75
cents.)
aNDER the title, "The Golden
Poppy." Emory E. Smith has writ
ten an exhaustive work on the
State flower of California. Mr.
Smith has at the cost of great
pains gathered from every available
source Information upon the history of the
poppy as it appears in science, literature
and art. Apparently he has said about
the f.ower every interesting thing which
could be said. The book is illustrated by
a large number of photographs and by
cuts, which ehow the structure of the
flower, cr which present different views
in which Us graceful outlines form a
prominent feature of the scene. A colored
reproduction of a water-color drawing by
Paul de Longpre forms a very attractive
frontispiece. In speaking of the first
Ecientinc classification of the poppy, Mr.
bmith quotes from a' paper delivered by
Professor Volney Rattan before the Pa
cific States Floral Congress May 16, 1831:
"In 1U15 Count Romauzolt, a Russian
nobleman, fitted out the 6hip Kur«k,
•which he sent on an exploring expedition
under the command of Captain Otto von
Kotzebue, who was expected to lind, if
possible, a passage north of America con
necting the Pacific and Atlantic oceans.
In the interest of science- Adelbert von
Chamisso was made botanist of the ex
pedition, John Frederick Eschscholtz sur
geon and naturalist and Choris artist.
"C'hamisEo, who -was then 34 years old,
had just published an original story, since
translated into several languages, entitled
'Peter Schlemlhl.' This amusing story
cf a man who sold his shadow gave him
fame abroad, but he Is better known to
Germans, by his lyric poetry and ballads,
as well as by his scientific v.*ork. Esch-
Bcholtz, but 21 years old, had already ac
quired some distinction as a naturalist;
but Choris. two years younger, had such
ability as enabled him in the after years
of his short lite to become one of the dis
tinguished historical painters of Russia.
ICotzebue, then 28 years of age, was a son
of a great German dramatist, whose plays
were in his time the most popular in the
world.
"After exploring the west and south
coasts of Alaska. Kotzebue came down
the coast and entered San Francisco Bay
October 2, ISIS. Chamisso and Eschscholtz
spent a month exploring this peninsula
and in making expeditions to Monterey,'
Mission San Jose and Bodega. Meanwhile
Choris drew and painted the aborigines
and other subjects new to European eyes.
With many other plants, they secured
specimens of the eschscholtzia, which
¦were the first to reach Europe.
"Upon their return Chamisso and
Eschscholtz began to study the botanical
and zoological specimens collected during
their long voyage and from time to time
they published descriptions of new species
of plants and animals. It was some time
in 1S20 before Chamisso published a de
scription of our State flower."
Those who have hesitated io use the
formidable botanical name -of the poppy
will be interested in reading what the au
thor says of it and of the more popular
name:
"So far as available records show, no
plant in history has been endowed with
such a superfluity of names as Califor
nia's Golden Poppy. These names are
many of them most happily applied. They
are so varied In language and definition
that it has seemed expedient to classify
them under the nationalities from which
they have been derived— German, Latin,
Greek, Spanish. English and Italian.
"No matter how much we in the past
have been inclined to rebel against the
Latinized German name Eschscholtzia, it
Is the proper botanical name of our State
flower. It is in accordance with the
botanical law of priority laid down at the
conventions of Paris and Rochester. The
objection to the word is almost entirely,
attributable to a general misconception of
its pronunciation, for which the public is
not so much responsible as the earlier
California writers, who ill advisedly used
the harsh, discordant pronunciation es
kolsia, es-kolshy or eskoltz-e-a.
"The correct English pronunciation—
that given in standard dictionaries, ency
clopedia and botanical works, is esh
eholt-Ei-a. If spoken thus, sounding the
sch In both syllables like sh, with the ac
cent on the second syllable and the long
sound of the vowel, the word is not harsh
or difficult, but soft and euphonious. It is
Improper- to avoid its use, and it is best
to familiarly and correctly speak it upon
all necessary occasions- If this is done it
will soon take its place among our loved
household words. • • *
"California Poppy, or Golden Poppy,
¦while to a botanist incorrect and a little
exasperating, is the name the people
love best and the name which will cling
to our State flower for all time. The pub
lic mind is not always logical In its.se
lection of names, but when a choice Is
once made it it can rarely be changed,
and golden poppy it will remain when the
flower's bright petals form a golden pall
upon the forgotten sod under which our
disputes have long since been laid."
* A large portion of the book is devoted
to citation of poems written to extol th*
charm of the poppy. Amon^ these one of
the finest Is by Edwin Markham andJs
entitled
IN POPPY FIELDS.
Here the poppy hosts assemble.
How they startle, how they tremble;
All their royal hoods unpinned.
Blow out llrhtly In the wind.*
Men that In tbe cities grind
Come, before the heart is blind.
Here is rold to labor for;
Here Is pillage worth a war.
An idea of the contents of the remain
ing portion of the book may be gained
from the titles of some of the chapters—
"Species and Distribution." "Allied Gen
era," "Cultural." "Economic Uses,"
"Graphic and Decorative Art." "Indian
Lore" and "Historical Incidents."
The following interesting Items are
taken from different parts of the book: ,
"When the rush for gold first began In
California the Indians are said to have
expressed the belief that the petals of the
"Great Spirit Flower' (the golden poppy)
dropping year after year, sank into th»
earth and gradually formed the bright
metal for which the strangers were
searching."
"Although one of the newest States.
and for many years one of the most un
stttled socially. California waa the first in
the Union to proclaim a State flower."
"It is said that one of the old Spanish
nature. The book Is illustrated wfth many
cuts . explanatory of - the text, • and with
full page plates reproduced from photo
graphs taken by the: author, Mabel < Os
good'Wright, and by others. (Published
by The Macmillan Company, New York.
Price $2 60.) ; ... i ..
: New Books Prom, the Abbey Press."
¦:.-' The 'Abbey Press of New York is early,
in the field of spring literature with books
¦ .for a 11 Hastes. One little volume with at
tractive binding Is VA Dog Day Journal.",
'¦:¦¦ by. Blossom Drum. . It is a bright, catchy
love story without any: great effort at
after moving they see another apartment
which they think would make a still more
IttractivIVwelling-place. They have not
been long in their second apartment when
sssk-ss«8ssr P^JsJLBa
?hanthpv see a new house which appeals
lo^fferThe attractions lacking lr i the en.
MSSfzS »<> » h £H1
annoying as they may be at the time tbey
Conducted by
With the February issue, the Bookman
closes the seventh year of Its existence.
In this number will be found the first of
a aeries of articles dealing with the great
newspapers of the United States. This
paper tells the story of the evolution of
American Journalism and the development
of the great historic newspapers of New
York during the first half of the century
and until the outbreak of the War of Se
cession. It treats of a time when the
press was essentially personal: when peo
ple asked one another, not "What does the
Herald say, or the Tribune say this
morning?" but "What does Greeley think
of this, or Bennett say of that?" Amer
ican journalism in the '30*3 was roundl;*
scored by Charles Dickens In "AmericanV
Notes" and "Martin Chuzzlewit," and tlu^
story of how newspapers were conducted
In that day, the record of the savage per
sonalities, the abuse and the violence,
gives a curious Insight into the conditions
which aroused Dickens' animosity seventy
years ago. In connection with the second
Installment of Vlcomte de Louvenjoul's
"History of Balzac and Madame Hanska,"
the Bookman reproduces what are prob
ably the most curious and typical Balzac
illustrations that have ever appeared In
this country. Among them la a fac
simile of the original scenario of "Le
| Pere Gorlot," and from this page people
who have read the book may trace the
curious development of the story In
Balzac's mind. Another page, presenting
the various coats-of-arms of different
. families of the comedie humalne, shows
the immense labor with which Balzac
builded the background for his Imaginary
men and women. Among other features
of this. number are the concluding paper
on "Boston, in Fiction." which deals with
Cambridge, Roxbury and other literary
environs of the Massachusetts capital,
and the first paper of a new series of
articles on "Literary, Artistic and Bo
hemian London In the Seventies."
"Jefferson was passionately fond of good
horses." writes "William E. Curtis In hia
new, book, "The True Thomas Jefferson."
"We generally worked mules on the plan
tation, but he would not ride or drive any
thing but a high-bred horse." Hi3 over
seer Is quoted as saying of Jefferson:
. **Bay was his preference for color. He
would not have any other. After he came
from Washington he had a fine carriage
built at Montlcello, from a model that he *
planned himself. The woodworking, black
smithing and painting were all done by
his own workmen. He had the plating
done at Richmond. "When he traveled in
this carriage he always had five horses
four in the carriage and the fifth for Bur
well, who always rode behind him. Thosa
five horses were Diomede, Brimmer, Te
cumseh, Wellington and Eagle. In his
new carriage, with fine harness, those four
horses made a fine appearance. He never
trusted a driver with the lines. Two ser
vants rode on horseback and each guided
his own pair. About once a year Mr.
Jefferson . used to go to Montpeller and
spend several days with Mr. Madison ; and
everv summer he went to Poplar Forest,
his farm in Bedford, and spent two or
three months."
February Outing is the midwinter travel
number. It contains some specially illus
trated articles on travel in Mexico, Can - t
fornla and the nearer South, and the de- /
scrlptlon of a 3000 mile trip in Russia for 1
$15— a revelation of wonderful experiences
for little money in the land of the Czar.
Henry Webster Palmer tells of "Coast
ing Along Labrador," B. B. Seager of
"Tarpon and Sharks on the Florida East
Coast" and Chester W«Us Purington of
"Hunting and Fishing in the Altai Moun
tains" of Siberia and Mongolia, where bis
game is plentiful and unprotected. Thero
are two notable pieces of fiction, "The
Alarm Bell." by H. B. Marriott Watson,
and "The Haunter of the Pine Gloom," by
Charles G. D. Roberts, with drawings by
Charles Livingston Bull. A. C. Laut con
tinues the "Story of the Trapper" series,
with the "spinster moose" as the central
figure of the present sketch, and Lynn
Tew Sprague finds the fox an interesting
character in fact and fable. There ar*
many other features of equal Interest.
Caspar Whitney's regular department,
"The Sportsman's View Point," takes
care of the current matters in the world
of sport.
' "Little Italy," a one-act tragedy of life
in New York's Italian quarter, which was
produced a short time ago by Mrs. Minnie
Maddern Fiske and quite enthusiastically
received by the critics, will be published
shortly by R- H. llussell. The author
is Horace B. Fry, and "Little Italy" is
his first play. Of it Mr. Norman Hapgood
said at the time of its production:
"It is so rare for a tragedy to be writ
ten in America, and this little piece, by
its simplicity, force and elevation of the
feelinns depicted belongs almost clearly
In -that domain. If the passions depicted
have been high and simple, if the essence
of life seems to have been given, so that
it is right that life should end. we are
catlsfled. even, if the tears stand in our
eyes: and this is tragedy. "Little Italy
was worthy of the brilliant acting it in
spired and had In it such rare worth that
It ought often to be revived."
pressed with the need ot a manual es
pecially adapted for the club woman's
U3e and in response to many urgent ap
peals she undertook the supervision of tne
department of parliamentary law In the
Club Woman, which Is the official organ
of the general federation. These papers
are the basis of the present work. The
book will be printed and bound' in a neat
and attractive style. It will be published
carlv »n March.
The Baker & Taylor Company an
nounces a work of Importance for women
in their "Parliamentary Usage for Wo
men's Clubs." by Mrs. Emma A. Fox.
recording secretary of the General Fed
eration of Women's Clubs, and the holder
of many other important offices in wo^
men's organizations. In the course of her
career as a leader of women's organiza
tions Mrs. Fox has become deeply im-
in China's crisis, the Supreme Court <5«
cislons respecting the Philippines, tha
Pan-American Congress, South American
matters. Lord Rosebery's Chesterfield
speech. Marconi's triumph, etc. Beginning
¦with the March number a new depart
ment, entitled "Literary Chronicle." con
ducted by Nathan Haskell Dole, will be
added to the magazine.
THE SUNDAY CALL..-
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
12
NOW ISSUED. .
Charles Warren Stoddard**
"In the Footprints
of _the Padres."
Mr. Stoddard sets forth fn this
work his recollections of early
days in California. Beautifully
illustrated. Book collectors
should place orders at once In or-
der to secure copies of first edi-
tion.
PRICE $1 50 NET.
A. M. ROBERTSON,
i Pub!ish-M-. J 26 Post Street.
Impressions
Quarterly ¦%
Not a "popular" magazine, U
but one that will interest 1
all thoughtful readers. .... m
Thr. Stevenson-Henley ccntro-
versy, (wj pointi of viewi
!"The Perils of Prophecy," "A
Great American Potter," etc
If not a subscriber purchase
the current number (15 cents)
or subscribe fcr the year
(50 cents); .
Elder and Shcpard
n . 238 POST STREETstock star *. at ,the Grand Opera-house,
this: week, in ,*'A . Midnight Bell."
There - is a . story . to . ' this song,
although, nobody seems to know .who
wrote it. Probably, like Topsy, it "Just
growfd."' At any rate, ". Ober has' been
singing , it for 1 the , past -twenty years, off
and on. and: although he has no copyright
on;it;'he sings is, so quaintly that no one
ever succeeded; in imitating him." When
he >." headed ¦ his « own - company, ¦ playing
through- the - ." Middle I States many
years -ago, this old song was 'frequently
introduced in farces when' Mr.Ober played
old-men. Then," when he Joined "A Tem
perance Town" to create the role of tfnele
Joe, "the' oldest .'inhabitant.", he wanted
some, quaint song> that would -be in the
character.' Mrs.' Ober. suggested "Just as
Young as I Used to Be," and wrote out the
S One of the quaintest old songs in stage
. land is VI 5 Feel. Just < as ;Young / as I > Used I
to Be," sung: by. George Ober;~ the- new.
masculine role of considerable ; huraor,
carry tne whole pieco from 8tart to ilnisli.
¦ .There is an : Amazon march to be. sure;
but it is not given; much prominence, la"
fact, if is nothing: more than a stop gap
.between; jokes, 'which, are, after all, noo ;
of a very hish order of wit, although they '
serve to keep -the audience in'a continual
uproar..;Here aresome of the' best, which i
you. may judge for, yourself: ;
. The "' Ameer— V What . ship : did you saji
you : came ; over, on?" '-
The 'Court [Jester— '.'The Never Did."
'The Ameer— '•.Well,. that was the worst
thing the Never Did ever. did."'.
. :'And. ; this -.¦¦>..-¦: '¦;;.: •..¦:. 5 ¦ *¦
.The ¦ Court Jester— "Why is ; a can , tied -¦
to a 1 dog's tail like death?" .
• The Ameer— "Give it up."
.'••The Court," Jester — "Because -if is some
thins that Is bound to a-cur." - '
Or this: ; ; ¦:¦-'; ¦¦>.
- The ' Court Jester— "What > is If- that
;ptands>nrstionfone leg and, then on the
other— has wings ;andt barks like a dog?"
¦ : Xhc "Ameer— VWhat is 'it stands first on
'one leg. then on the other— has wings and
'barkB-like^aidog? 'iUm, 1 dunno.- What
is it? 1 ,; ¦ - ¦'•-•• '¦""":•;¦:''*> ¦-¦¦ ¦:'¦-¦• .- -.-..-•
-The Court' Jester— VA stork."
.¦ >,The r Ameer-^l'But a stork doesn't t bark •
Uike'a^dog."- . - x , :¦
: The i Court .Jester— "I know it doesn't. I
Just ; put ; that; in. to' make it ; harder."
V. The ¦ plot' is. i flimsy enough I 1 as comic - op- ,
era'V plots \ are :> no w - required ,. to ', be, - but
: there 1 is enough lunctuous.wlf in the per- •
sonallty j and ;<vijor.!; of ; these > four, come
idians^tojmove the 'shadow.: of < the -eclipse
: of the Amazon one more peg toward total
; darkness. : ' .'r, ".. ¦ - :/.
FAIR
MAI£>S
OF THE
CHORUS
NOW
: ,la;ck' ;'; ;
FAVOR
IN THE
PUBLIC
BUT THE
FUNNY
MAN:-;
_IS ON
THE '/''•
BOOM,
: The "Princess ChicV company was made
up of a, host of. pretty girls, both spright
ly and- pleasing to look upon.'i They, were
headed by Maude Lillian Berri, a beautl
, Jul. California : girl; and one of ,the tallest'
and shapeliest vprlma donnas^: that ever
*. masqueraded f aa a boy, but it . is never
theless ; a> notable ' fact . that- the ; audience
seemed:: to 'like her best when : only her
face was visibler. while she sang, in -her
' rich, clear soprano! voice,", from the
flimsy bars of .a mock; prison.; cell in , a
•painted- castle.-. -What "success tlie com
pany made : here was ; all due ' to the cner- ;
;getic: humor of -a quartet of \ comedians;
headedby our. own Tom'O'Leary.'
.-.And now'lf -you; will r . go: to' the : Ttvoll
Rnd^see-VThe Ameer",you..wlll' be made
Btill.more unmistakably awareof 'the fact
that the , comedian > has quit* ; eclipsed > the
Amazon, for ; all ; the .. popularity <of '.the
comic -opera 'is written 'into ctho line??* or
} the ; comedians. ":-, There : are the ; usual ; four
funny men.v. ; The Ameer.'intheiperson'of
Ferris Hartman : : the : court .1*>3t er ; played
. by 'Mr.vWebb; ith« 'grand rerire
pentedby, Mf.";Cashman.^nd the chief ; of
thebriRands. impersonated by Mr/ ' Cun
ningham, "¦with Annie. Meyers enacting a
Two of 'the latest , examples of the in
creased: popularity, of the i comedian and
the diminished attractiveness of the
Amazon- are th« "Princess Chic," which
was recently presented for two weeks; at
the Columbia Theater, and "The Ameer."
which is now on for a run at theTivoil
Theater. ¦' . : , ¦ ¦ • ' ¦ - ,r-
>In. the ."Idol's Eye," and also in the
"Wizard of the i Nile,' he not only had a
star part written for himself, but created
another of ¦. equal humor • and ridiculous
ness that he turned over to Alf Whelan.
The Amazon - was- still reckoned with in
both these "oriental, productions, but she
was made; woefully: subservierit ' to the,
horseplay of* the tunmakers. ¦ > r
Then Alice JNeilson carried the new or
der of things , a step further, - and the •
shadow : of :¦ tne : eclipse deepened. In the
"Dancing, Girl? and the "Fortune Teller"
she quite outdjd even Frank Daniels' sen
sational innovation;; by having four.in
stead of only, two comedians. -This squad,
headed, by. Joe Cawthorn, was given the
freedom of the stage whenever the pretty
little prima donna it was neces
sary to change ; her edstume, . which- she
did about : twice : in every act. < Each was
allowed 'to. select his own* way of making
the audience laugh, and it soon- became a
case of one against all and all against one
in this happy goras-you-please scramble'
for public applause and tne center. of the:
magic circle made ¦ by the - calcium spot'
light. ,. . . . ,
: Then. as soon as. Miss Neilson'sr daring
plan i became a stage tradition, which it
did right speedily, while the dainty little,'
Californian -singer played to packed
houses,, a multiplicity of comedians . be
came quite the proper thing. Acting !and
singing; in duos,; trios and quartets/ they *
quickly.' proved, themselves, a strongeriat
traction than | the berried ranks ot i Ama
zops, with the added merit, from the man- ';
agerial • standpoint, that they j cost less . in ;
costumes and accessories.' :;
With the coming of the first shadow. in
the eclipse of the Amazon, Frank Daniels
eaw the, comedian's opportunity..":
Every one remembers the vogue - the
Amazon obtained in such glittering e.\
travaganzas as «'Sinbad the aailor," ."The
Glass Slipper," etc., only a few. years ago.
The gorgeous .' pageants and (transforma
tion' scenes 'of wnich she -was the' most
fascinating .'¦ component part, -¦> brought
nightly crowds to the theater . for ..weeks
and, weeks at a time. Jndeed.Uhe" comic*
opera or extravaganza of that. period, was
made or marred by. the. composite shapeli
ness of the Amazonian beau Lies who made
up. the biggest item Of the salary list."- .
Bddie l<oy was then the greatest - comic
opera funny man in America, and he , had
pienty of opportunity to keep the audi
ence amuseu while the Amazons were be
low stairs > changing ; their costumes
from -the. scanty, seaweed drapes- of- the
South Sea Island maids of tne firaf act
to, the scantier outfits of the King's, war
riors in the second act of "Sinbad.",|Foy ;
reached the ,< pinnacle . of . his fame . as a
comedian when the Amazon- march was
the greatest spectacle of .; the :' age,': but
when • this : dazzling .. feature of extra va-j
ganza became 'trite and stale Foy, too,
tank into obscurity.
Y N THE struggle for supremacy In pop-
I ular favor between the ' comedian . and
I the Amazon, the former, would seem to
' JL ,have won.' And the battle was short,
.sharp and decisive. :
Time was, and not so long ago, when
no extravaganza,; comic ' opera, ; musical
comedy or -event farce, comedy was con
sidered complete" without a battalion of
shapely young, women^whose chief talents
' were the ability , to wear" a scanty cos
. tume without too much self-consciousness,
carry a spear at. the proper angle and
keep the alignment perfect during a long
¦ series , Intricate •' evolutions. ?' .They,
marched', upon -.us '; in an'- all-conquering;
ihost, rank. upon. rar\k,' company^on;com
pany, until even the scetiery was crowded
out of "place' to make room for the kaleido
scopic: picture of pink neshmgs,'. Hashing
helmets ana burnished snieids. One come
dian was declared to be quite sunleienf lor.
any production. 't-:\r . . ..
. Now the Amazonian host has "dwindled'
to a single pale, pink line, while the come
dian haa multiplied himself into a squad.
Take note of 'an -the late comic opera suc
cesses for proof of this fact. - .
THE SUNDAY •CALL;
13
words and music from memory. Hoy t
was so pleased with the song that* ha
wanted to publish It among . the musical
numbers o£ the play, .attributing it to
Mrs. Ober. When the proof sheets were
submitted to ; her she was surprised to
find her name on the title page as author,
but was obliged to" decline the honor.
"I presume the author must be dead,"
said she, "for I first heard the song
when I was a little girl, and It was old
then." So far as known, the song is
found only In a few very old music books,
and in all that Mr. Ober -has examined It
is . attributed to "Anon." the mysterious
person who has written so many good
songs. Meanwhile. Mr. 'Ober holds practi
cal proprietorship of the "old song by vir-'
tue of his ability to sins it better than
anybody else.
THE COMEDIAN VS
THE AMAZONThe highest mountains of North Ameri
ca all lie far to the north and near the
Alaska-Canadian "boundary line— Mount
St. Elias ia K20 metres in height. Mount
Fairweathcr Is 4040 and Mount Logan is
£M7. There Is a higher peak still that has
never yet been climbed. It Iie3 in 63% des.
of north latitude and In 133 degree3 of
west longitude ami. has been called Mount
McKlnley.. Its altitude is 6129 metres or
'20,220 feet, and it will probably remain un
cllmbed ior Inany years owing, to Its re
moteness • and to the inherent difficulties
of the ascent.
enough to buy an organ for the school;
so they gave an entertainment and dance
to secure the necessary money. SJmc of
the people drove over ten miles in the
pouring rain to attend. The School Trus
tees, together with others,. went to Sacra
mento to pick out the organ. One of the
Trustees knew {absolutely nothing about
music. ' He went to have a say in ' the se
lection by virtue of his position. .
."Professor -Yanke, as the boys called
him, or;Mansfleld as he is better known,
was asked to play on the different Instru
ments. After he had played several tunes
he; concluded by playing ; 'Home* Sweet
Home.' The tuneless Trustee turned to
him and asked him : If he would . not play
some old familiar air: such as 'Home,
Sweet Home.' The professor was; dis
gusted, but the committee was convulsed
with 'laughter.
"In the early '70's a' State" examination
was ; held ' at Marysville : known - in : , peda
gogical histcry as the Marysville .-ex
amination. •; John -iSwett, : then i State Su
perintendent, conducted : It. This ' exami
nation had more of the v ofneial air about
it." But : compared with .the present form,
it was stilPquIte primitive. : The spelling
examination: consisted of ¦ 100 misspelled
words" given us to correct. It was , a ' test
calculated to catcb, rather than to show
the applicant's knowledge. . Only three
out of , the 'thirty-three who took the ex
amination passed and • I was fortunate to
be one of them, thanks to the rigorous
study - the "miners " had ; forced on 'me.
"Another ; instance ' came up" when my
heart welled in gratitude' to the members
of my first little evening, school. _ ; While- 1
was; teaching 'at Sacramento -all the ¦Re
publican teachers were dismissed by -the
then reigning Democra ti& officials. .Within
six .weeks my friends, < among whom wete
some of the old boys, "came to the front.'
I.wasrelnstated.nor would they leave un
til a ?25 increase iiririy salary was agreed
upon. ; _; ; r Xr . . ' . ¦.,¦¦'. . ¦ •.'"
¦¦'""jam very.proud of "some of the boys
who were under" my '( instruction,' ", among
whom", i were .Timothy •'; Hopkins, . W. : ;- H."
Crocker; Charles F. George. V the Carolans
and ; Hamiltons. W - ••'.-',\pu'*:\ ,
McDonald's old pupils say^ of him that
he always n^anaged to get the community
Interested; in the ; school:' He called : the
Placerville ; High ; School to order in ' the
basement .of- the Methodist church. ; The
pupils sat on old pews and put up with all
kinds : of privations ¦ and : makeshifts ¦ until
their, books • arrived from the States;'Dur
ing the first term he succeeded In' raising
money; enough to " purchase maps; ¦ charts
and scientific apparatus and $300 as a nu
cleus'for a new building/ '.'•
A V. Sacramento, where. he taught for ten
years, in conjunction with/ C. -H. 'Cum
mlngs, he was Instrumental in having the
beautiful .Sacramento Grammar School
erected. .
. "You' must \ have witnessed a great rev
olution' in methods of '; teaching . in forty
years,"yl said, as I. followed this pioneer
pedagogue through , his thirty-six class
rooms in ¦; the ; Lincoln ; Night School.
, ."Yes," : he ; said, .' have changed
mightily: In - school methods in the last
forty, years'. -..' The '; profession of -school
teaching has 'kept abreast of the* times
and right In the line of progress with the
other, professions.
"The old method of teaching, though not
so, attractive, still had some . advantages
over ;' the new. !. Constant repetition -fixed
the -facts in " the minds, although v the
knowledge was more limited. Now the
education of -.the young., covers -a "larger
area and the sturdy first principles : are
lost sight • of. Little '; folks ; study : botany
before .they know' their multiplication
tables. _ '-''¦¦; '. » . . . ' /" \ ¦
"But. this generation' needs a different
kind ' of education 'from. the last. V
"The map is constantly "'changing - and
extensive reading only enables one to keep
; "In spelling, I used to line my class up
In front of my desk and the words were
spelled by syllable. It was 'often a race
to see who could- jabber the fastest wltli
out getting a thick tongue. To spell Con
stantinople would call forth an effort like
this: C-o-n," con; s-t-'a-n, stan, Constan;
. t-1, ti, Constant!; n-o, ho. Constantino;
p-l-e, pie; Constantinople.
"And a great change has come about in
the writing, too."
: We were In the room where the foreign
ers learn to write English. The teacher
was giving a writing lesson and they were
copying the plain round letters.
"We used: to think that good . writing
meant fancy writing and a great deal of
. time was wasted -getting spiral curves on
the capital letters. The'test of good writ
ing to-day is its legibility. The fancy
curves take time and are confusing. We
have cut them all out and we make each
letter as severe and plain as possible."
There were four rooms of foreigners
learning to read and write our language.
133 bookkeepers and a class of 152 plyin?
the typewriters. The . basement is given
over to a large class In architectural and
mechanical drawing. The newsboys', room
Is : made up of little shavers who swear
..they are 14 but/who don't look a day over
10. {But the law says one must be at least
14 to attend the evening school, so they
accommodate their age to the law. A
• little chap ". that lives out at Sunnyslde
and' sells papers down town'eats his din
ner down town so he can-be In time for
school. "He gets home at 10:30 p. m., but
rain or shine he never misses a night?
" < Many : of the architectural .drawers are
carpenters in the day time'. "This work
enables *ie to understand the direction's
on the -plans better," said one. ¦ "It' helps
melarlotJwith'my work. I know what "
; they are -talking about." He was draw
ing the" front and side'elevatlon of a cot
tage. "Some time I hopo to be a master
"mechanic or a contractor or an architect.
I" don't know which just yet."
The -boy beside him was absorbed In 'get-'.
f ting, the [exact angles on his page of doors
and windows./
-Apprentices at '. the Union Iron Works
'and t . apprenticed -boiler : makers . composo
the* ? mechanical drawing. class. A check
-.Valve, a . head ; stock f or ; a speed lathe, a
cross'- section of an engine,- a gate valve,
a bevel gear and pinion, a section of stone
and brick "work were criticised " by tha
. teacher a2d corrected by the busy work
¦ers * ¦ "
4 ¦
"The present method of teaching geog
raphy encourages a lad to read of these
countries, their people, their history and
their literature.-
: "I asked him once where British Amer
ica wa3. He answered. 'It is on page 63.'
1 explained that that was merely a pic
ture of the country- Then I asked him
to bound . British America. "Can't do it,
sir. It is all over the page.'
. "The smartest boy in my geography
class up at Dutch Flat always thought of
California as green and Massachusetts as
yellow, because they were so colored on
the map of the United States that hung on
the wall. ;
;"I:used to attend a_ geography class in
the East, where we would sing off the
countries of the world and their capital
cities to a nasal tune, while the master
kept time on the map with his pointer.
What a sight that would be in a modern
school ! *
"I found when I began to teachi that to
many of the pupils New York simply
meant a, black dot. They could draw beau
tiful maps, but they didn't mean any
thing.
' - .. ¦ - -- ¦ ¦ . ¦ . . y- ¦ . ¦-•••.
up with the times. The , schools used to
give a straight, stereotyped' education.
Now it is broader and more general.
: .For the .J»ast tV^y V^a^s ¦ Has B^n
PcTncTpaT cF the UncoTn sven^nS
The bookkeepers get a sealed set of
transactions every night. They don't
know ahead any more than ,a business
man knows what exchanges in merchan
dise and money he will be called upon to
make. They, post their books, balance
their accounts and count their specie coin
that is furnished as capital. Their ex
pressions tell whether they have struck
a balance or not. The bankrupts look
more puzzled than real bankrupts. Tho
successful ones look like conquerors.
There Is an intenseness and dogged de
termination about these faces that Is typi
cal of the night school— an "every mo-
ment counts" look, that is not in evi
dence in the more leisurely, more aristo
cratic day pupil.
"There is no school bo interesting: as a
night school," declares Mr. McDonald.
"This girl works In a French laundry.
1 can't come Friday nights, 'cause I'm on
the caps and bonnets,* "she Bald regret
fully.
"Those four young men just coming In
are waiters In restaurants. They can't be
here till late, but they come when they
can.
"I seldom go Into a store, office or ware
house." said Mr.- McDonald, "without
shaking hands with a former pupil, and
it Is generally an official or on© of the
proprietors, for a lad that has grit enough
to work by day arid study by night has
the ability to rise above his more pleas
ure-loving fellows. ~
"As an example: A car conductor en
tered the fourth grade, went through th«
grammar course and was admitted to the
medical college. He Is now one of our
prominent physicians.
"Another, looking Into the office, waa in
vited In. He was a Syrian from Damas-t
cus. He asked leave to enroll. He said
he had heard of the school only three
nights previous, and it seemed too good
to be true. He had prowled about for two
nights. "When he was satisfied that adults
attended he mustered up courage. He
made much progress and went away up
In his position. He speaks English well
and Is an interpreter for his countrymen.
He prevailed upon twenty of them to
come to the night school.
"A seafarer, who came without his al
phabet, by Intense application read
through .three readers in nine months. At
the end of that time he bade his teachers •
good-by and took his fourth reader on a*
voyage to the other side of civilization, to
absorb its contents en route.
¦ : "A man from the Azores was well edu
cated in his own language, but on account
of his Ignorance of English had to take
a position as. a laborer in a brickyard. He
came"* to • school, and I have never seen
such an example of persistency. He was
here when the doers opened and was tho
last one to leave. He is now foreman. of*
the brickyard."
Many of Mr. McDonald's ex-pupils bring
their children to their former teacher. A.
girl .who went to the night school bring3
her son, 'who la a cash boy. and many sx
father attends with hi3 boys.
"Sly' Instruction has covered three gen
erations," sraid this veteran teacher, "for
I have now one or two of the grandchil
dren of my old pupils."
ISABELFRASER.
lived about a mile farther on. The Su
perintendent accompanied me and com
menced by asking the simplest questions
in arithmetic. Finally he asked me what
the New Hampshire interest law was.
The answer was apparently not satisfac
tory, for the Superintendent turned to his
fellow examiner and said: 'I think it of
no use to go any further with the exam
ination, for this is the third snag I have
struck. (I was surprised, as I had thought
It plain sailing so far.) 'That school at
Dutch Flat is the most difficult one in
the county, and we want a man that
knows something there.'
" 'I think we better proceed,' said the
ether examiner. *I have not noticed any
snags at ail in the young man's answers.' .
"The Superintendent then turned to me
and asked, 'What did you do before you
came here?* I told him that I had been
a. civil engineer. 'Well, then, that re
quires a knowledge of higher mathe
matics.' Then turning to the other ex
aminer hs said, 'I guess the young man
is better able to examine us than we are .
to examine him, and with your permls
tlon 1 move that we grant him a first
grade certificate.' And so ended the ex
amination.
"The following Monday morning I was
installed as teacher at Dutch Flat and
¦began my work in the public schools of
this State. As the pupils had driven away
the former teacher, much interest was
felt as to my fate, and I suddenly found
"myself the center of attention. '¦¦ ',
"If I live to be as old as Methuselah and
teach to the finish, I shall never forget
that first week of school at Dutch Flat.
The larger boys had banded themselves
together and had '. planned , not to attend
school at first, till they_could find out
how the school was conducted; then they
were going to come and 'run ' the new
teacher out.'. When tbe four leaders came
they were armed with small clubs up
their sleeres. They were big fellows, all
stronger than I. They looked at me
sneeringly and Immediately- proceeded to
violate the rules. I told them to remain
in at recess, but the ringleader got up
and said he guessed he would go out
when he chose. I knew the decisive mo
ment had come. I was standing' beside
the desk with a blackboard pointer in my
hand. The next Instant I swung around
and hit him on the head and laid 1 him
prostrate on the floor. One of his com
panions attempted to come to his rescue, ¦
but I served him , in the same manner.
The rest became alarmed and kept Quiet.
This apparently brutal lesson had the
most salutary effect. Not a sign of oppo
sition was manifest during the remainder
of the term, and the. parents came and
thanked me for my prompt action arid
assured me that they would stand by me.
"Singing was introduced into the school
and it pleased the people of the town so
much that they insisted upon getting up
a singing schocl. A committee ".was : ap-'
pointed and the class' was to meet three
times a week and I was appointed teacher
at tiOO a month. The first night I. went
to the school with dire misgivings. "When
I arrived an- overflow meeting was held
on the outside of the schoolhouse; the in
terior was so crowded. They raised- a
cheer when I took iny place and that gave
me courage. Many had never sung a
note, while a large . number had belonged
to advanced singing societies in the East.
So we determined to divide the class and
give the first hour to the beginners and
tbe last hour to the advanced class. The
interest kept up all winter and culminated
in an invitation from . the Methodist
church asking the school to act as a choir.
So when I , left Dutch Flat to ', go ' to the
American River district I left my singing
school Installed as a choir!
"Our- first Christmas '. entertainment; in
the American River district so pleased the
peoDle that" they determined to raise luniis
fsugh* the M^n^s in Sariy Says
Ev^ytfunS Fr-oiTi Spanks .to
spsc* fok The? »• Teacher--
FORTY years of successful school
teaching and at it yet! This is the
record of Alexander McDonald, who
for the last twenty of his forty
years' experience has had super
vision over the Lincoln Evening School of
this city. This school, by the way. is the
largest public evening school pn the West
ern Hemisphere. It has an attendance of
1600 pup!ls.
Quite different is this up-to-date night
school from the one in which McDonald
v.-as first tried out and yet the mettle that
won the day In the trials of his vocation
in the early 50' s is still to the fore: for
many and varied are the needs of 1CW
ambitious souls.
During the gold excitement, at Moores
Flat, a mining camp In the Sierras, half
a dozen of the boys decided to brush up
their knowledge in the evenings, and
Aleck McDonald, a fellow miner, was
chosen master. Hanging around the bar.
gambling and telling yarns had become
tiresome, and when Aleck consented to
teach them the news spread enthusiasti
cally through the mining camp. The boys
took gladly to this new and prontable di
version.
McDonald's early experiences are unicjue
and can best be told in his own v.crds.
"I had taught a few terms in Nova Sco
* tia and my fame as a speller dov.-n to .
cipherer had preceded me. The boys came
vith an cppalling variety of text-books,
more, I venture, than have been seen in
one classroom before or since. The second -
night the cabin was filled to overflowing
and it looked as though we "would be
obliged to turn away a score or more of
husky students. The most spacious room
in camp was called Into use. Arithmetic
and spelling were the studies chosen.
Each selected the part of the arithmetic
he wished to digest and the old Sacra
mento Union speller was agreed upon as
the spelling text-book.
"The new educational movement 'took*
in tho mining camp. Here congregated
night after night ignorant men and grad
uates from Eastern colleges and men who
had fled to California to escape punish
ment for crime. Sometimes discussions
would arise on some of the more advanced
subjects and many a night I had to burn
the midnight ell to keep ahead of my
clasp, for I had been obliged to advance
the course of study to fit the needs of my
pupils and I think we had a little of every
thing in that school, from the three R's
(readin'. 'ritin' and 'rithmetic) to loga
rithms and solid geometry.
"As a result of the discussions a regu
lar debating society was oifeanized. Here
all variety of subjects were taken up,
from Questions of local claims and Gov
ernment to of social and national
import. On' one occasion the teacher of
an adjoining school district challenged my,
school for a. spelling match. My miners
studied np night and day. "While they
were Cigging for gold they used to put
wcrds to one another and when the affair
came eff try school triumphed. I was
very proud of this, for it gave us prestige
in the community.
""In 1SC1 I wa3 requested to teach a pri
vate school at Dutch Flat. After the first
week the attendance increased and. I again
had a larger school on my hands than the
rude log cabin could accommodate. The
public school was taught by an old retired
minister who could not control the boys,
and at the end cf the first week the trus
tees offered to elect me master of the pub-:
lie school if I could get a teacher's certifi
cate.
"In these days teachers' examinations
were impromptu affairs. The red tape
and dignity that in these latter days ac
company the semi-annual teachers* exam
inations were not then in evidence. The
Superintendent of the county lived five
miles cut of town on a farm. So I got a
team and drove cut there. When I ar
rived I Wft« tQjd that the other examiner
TH E SUK DAY .-Jc'AJuL,.
FORTY YEARS EXPERIENCES
SCHOOL TEACHER15
THE C^tl,^16
TH E ; SUN DAY C AJLI,.no_textno_textOAKLAND, Feb. 22.— Seventy members
of the local Slavonian colony met last
night in Elks' Hall and organized the
"Ujiited Slavonian Social and Benevolent
Society of Oakland." The following named
were' selected to serve as temporary offi
cers: President, P. Loplsick; vice presi
dent, C. Mllistch; treasurer. P. Kisich;
trustees. M. Markovich. II. Rusier. V.
Miloslavich. A. Matiasevich; recording
secretary; M. Medin; financial secretary,
A. Markovich.
Slavonians Organize Society.
Some of the finals will be played off to
morrow. Those in the third class will be
played Tuesday. ¦ ¦ r
. Third class — Mulgrew defeated Milwain, de
fault; Hawley defeated Finckenstedt. 6-5, 6-4;
Agnew defeated Guerray, default; Weston de
feated Shaw. 0-1.- 6-?; Delaney defeated Weeks,
C-4. 6-3; Delaney defeated Weston. 6-1. 6-5;
Hawley defeated Mulgrew, .6-3, 6-5; Hawley
defeated Acnew, 6-5r6-l. ;¦
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— The Coquellcot
Club held an open tennis tournament this
afternoon at the courts. Fifth avenue and
East Eleventh street, a large number of
spectators witnessing the play. The fol
lowing scores were made in the prelim
inaries and semi-finals:
Championship class — Baker defeated Jones,
6-2, 6-2; Hunt defeated Crawford, 6-2, 6-2.
Fiist class — Bl&scow defeated Warren, de
fault: Gorrlll defeated Levy, 6-1, 6-4; Frost
defeated Woods, 6-0. 6-1; Sherwood defeated
Crosby, default; Crooks defeated A. Hunter.
t-2. 6-5; .Cooper . defeated MoEher. 6-1, 6-2;
Haley defeated Weber. 6-4. 1-6, 6-2; Wairen
defeated Rose, 6-5. 6-6; Frost defeated Sher
wood 6-2 6-1: Gorrill defeated Blacow, 6-4,
3-6. 6-4: Cooper defeated Crooks, 6-1, 6-2; Ha
ley defeated Warren. 1-6. 6-4. 6-4.
Second class — Brady - defeated Carleton, 6-5,
5-6 6-5; Waggoner defeated Webster, 6-3, 6-3;
Heath defeated Teller/ 6-1, 6-5; Barrtngton
defeated Willard 6-0, 6-3; Hunter defeated
Black, 6-5, 5-6, fc-4; Gorrlll defeated Otey, 6-1,
C-4; Otis defeated Strauss, 6-5, 6-1; Talcott
defeated Leach, default; Webster defeated
Kerr, 4-6, 6-4, 6-5; Heath defeated Barrington,
3-6, 6-4, 4-6: Webster defeated Talcott, de
fault; Otis defeated : Gorrlll, • 6-4. 6-1; • Smith
defeated Balrd, 5-6, 6-2, 6-4; Brady defeated
Waggoner, 6-5, 5-6, 6-5.
Tournament at Its Courts in
East Oakland.
Ccquelicof Club Holds a Holiday
TENNIS PLAYERS TTE&N
• OUT IN NUMBERS
The son for whom the father sacrificed
his life came to - Alameda to attend
school and made his home with friends of
the Julian family. .When it was certain
that he was afflicted with smallpox his
father hurried to his assistance and with
paternal devotion nursed the boy safely
through every stage of the malignant dis
ease, only to die a martyr to his faithful
ness. " :•
Deceased was 49 years of age and was
a member of. the Odd Fellows. The re
mains will be forwarded . to Janesville for
interment. ' ' - v
Dr. Julian came to this city some weeks
ago f ro)p Janesvllle, where he has prac
ticed medicine for several years, to care
for his boy. He intended to return there
in a few days, but was taken down with
the disease which ended his life. His
wife had been notified of the illness of
her husband and- arrived here in time to
be near him when the passed away. . .
ALAMEDA, Feb. 22.— Dr. Alpheus H.
Julian died at midnight last night at the
Alameda. Sanatorium, a victim, of pneu
monia, brought on. through overwork and
tireless attention in caring for his only
sop, -who -is just now convalescing from
an attack of smallpox. '.
Physician and Parent , Suc
cumbs to Strain of a
Long Watch.
After Bringing a Boy
Through Smallpox
Father:Die&;.':-|H
A Slind "Bogey" Handicap on. Links
at Point Adams Is "Won by
Arthur. Goodall.
Eighteen competitors entered [ their
names for the Washington's -Birthday
handicap on the links of the San Fran
cicsco Golf Club yesterday, and of these
fourteen handed in their scores. The
handicap was won by T. G. McConkey,
with a score of 90 less 6, ; net S4, Warren
Gregory was second with 89 less 4. net 85,
his gross score being the best of the day.
The details are shown in the table:
GOLFERS QUALIFY .
FOR COUNCIL'S CUP
men-gathered in a circle below and stretched out their arms." She broke: away
from her husband . and flung ; herself out of . the - window, while the • flames ¦ had
almost enveloped 1 her. - She was picked up seriously injured.; Her husband rushed
v Into the hall and made i his escape, though he - was slightly burned and almost
.overcome by smoke.: ¦. .- ¦•.>:. ¦¦:.'^.:'. '.': '.;>-. '¦ ¦¦ ."¦.'¦.•"•¦¦¦•¦.¦¦::•,•..'• '•-:¦ ¦ ¦;•..'¦¦ ':•. ,': ¦. '¦¦
COIXJNEL BTOtBEfTT ;, MEETS SHOCKING; jmAJETL
Coloner Burdett, after making a' desperate attempt to save his life, met. death
In a ehocklng manner. His skull was aplit ODen and he was found shortly after
6 o'clock lying In the courtyard within the hotel.. He had - failen six stories.
• Colonel Burdett;was a -guest on the sixth floor of the' hotel. Soon -after the
alarm of nre reached him all escaDe was - 1 cut oft. . He dragged the mattress
from his bed and dropped It to the roof of; an extension over -the hotel-dining
< room, three -stories below. Then, by tieing tha sheets together, he made a rope
and secured It to the window.- His object was to land on the mattress and thus
! break his fall. - He miscalculated the distance : and fell to the court. ; ; : j
J. M. Sheehan, a contractor of /Newburg, Pa., occupied a room on the fourth
' floor. 'He was asleep in his room^until he 'heard the screams -of "fire" in- the hall.
He partially dressed himself and - groped hia way through the smoke and dark
ness until he reached the stairway. There he was met by two elderly women/
who were trying to find means - of escape ' for • themselves. 'With his • assistance
the two women were led to safety and he ; himself escaped. ¦•¦.•-. ; ".¦¦'••< ..••.>• .••¦.•- .
' ',-> A pitUul sight was that of Mrs. Piper, whose husband, Colonel Alexander M.
Plper, was found burned to death near the elevator shaft. She managed to escape
and was taken by. friends to a private residence but partly clad. She was not In
formed of the death of her , husband, as Jt was feared that the shook wouia
•¦kill her. ; .... - '¦¦'. .:•:-¦>'*.¦. ¦,>¦•¦¦.'¦¦ . f \ .'.-;= ;.-¦¦¦.¦'-'.
One of ' the saddest incidents of the fire was the death of Mrs. Salome 'Foo
ter. .. the t'Tombs. Angel," who for fifteen years . has done service in'behalf of
female prisoners in the Tombs and . other city prisons. Mrs.' Foster was tha
widow of John W; Foster, and had lived : for the last five years at. the Park
Avenue Hotel. Her income, which atone time was considered large,: was. for
the most ; part expended upon the deserving poor. ' ,'p, / ,
S. S. Granger "of Seattle, who had been a guest at: the hotel for three days,
has this to say of the fire: "I was in a room on the second floor front, facing
. Park avenue. About- 1:30 o'clock, I was awakened by. the noise and excitement
that attended the burning, of the armory. ; I went down into the hall and met
a. man hastening- through the ; corridor. He said to me, without -piy asking a
question: 'Don't worry; this hotel is fireproof. There is no danger.'
' " 'There is always danger,' I said. 'I lost my wife ten years ago by -• fire In
a Nebraska hotel, and I , am going out as ' fast as I can.' I. went to my room
and gathereda few things together. The flre in the armory at that time being
extinguished and the danger becoming less, I remained in my room for over an
hour, and then I hastened downstairs. Soon afterward the flames werfe dis
"" covered in the' hotel. There was no notification and no rapping by any of the
hotel ¦ employes that I heard." . :•. ; ; '. ... ~ . :. ; »-,-, . . .
Norman Acton, a mine-owner of Colorado Springs, lost his life in the flre.
He was the largest stockholder: In the Colorado Mining and Milling Company.
!He had been at the hotel only a short time. William Pears, the London rep
resentative of the Oro Cobre Company, called at Bellevue Hospital, where Acton
died, and identified the dead man as his business associate. It is said that Ac
ton was worth $5,000,000. ' .; .., , : > .
ALL BEIXS ABE BUNG TO ABOTJSE OUBSTS. f
Frederick K. Reed, manager of the hotel, said: "The minute the flre started
In the hotel I summoned all available men and sent them through the halls to
give warning. I cannot see how any one could have failed to have been aroused
bythe .bells that were rung from the office. I went upstairs and got my wife,
who was on the fourth floor, and descended with her to the street in safety.
Then I went to the roof, and when I found that the flames were becoming dan
gerous I descended for my own safety. The fire unquestionably started in
some way in the bottom of the elevator shaft. . I believe that the fire .was , of
Incendiary origin and in no way contingent on the flre In the armory building."
Reed was himself burned about the face and neck, and after he had been at
tended by an ambulance surgeon directed affairs in person. •
Fire Commissioner Sturgis said that he was at the scene of the armory; fire
until 2:15 a. m., and that when he left there 'was no flre in the Park Avenue Ho
tel. He said further:, ¦: . ' >.. -¦ y . •. • - :
**I believe the hotel flre to have been a. separate and distinct fire, and that It
started in the elevator shaft. I was surprised to learn that there was no flre ap
i paratus and no means of escape in the building. Had the building been nine,
stories in height we would have had jurisdiction, . and the building -department
would have compelled the manager to have- standpipes and the other necessary
fire apparatus. " But this building, having only seven stories,* escapes the law. The
flre department is free from all responsibility for the lack of flre appliances. It
was supposed to be a thoroughly flre-proof building."
Fire Chief Croker said: "I believe that the fire in the hotel was separate and
distinct from that which destroyed the armory, and the hotel d'd not catch flre
from any sparks that came from the armory. The flre originate in the basement
and spread through the elevator shaft to the upper floors. The fact that the hotel
was practically fire-proof was responsible for the the fact that a greater con
flagration'was averted." ¦' ' .' '•
Police Captain' John Delaney Eaid he was positive that the origin of the flre
was due, to flying sparks from the armory, and to nothing else. . -
GIVES HIS LIFE
TO SAVE A SON
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CLUB—WASHING
TON'S BIRTHDAY HANDICAP.
•No returns.
On the Point Adams links a dozen com
petitors entered the "blind" handicap
tournament, and of these nine handed in
their scores, the "blind bogey" selected
by Captain Orestes Pierce being 83,
Arthur Goodall with a score of 102 less
£0, net 82, proved the winner; W. P. John
son, with a score of S7 less 1. net 86, being
second. The details are shown in the
table: : . . ; :¦ " ¦ -. ' ;'i ; ¦
The gross scores were reckoned as the
qualifying round for the next competi
tion for the Council's Cup for men. the
eight making the lowest scores being
Warren Gregory, 89; T. •G.-McConkey, 90;
G. B. Cooksey, .92; Captain D. J. Rum
baugh. 94; Charles Page. 96; S. L. Abbot
Jr.. 96; C. J. Decker. 97, and H. C.
Golcher, 97. These were drawn for the
opening match play round as follows:
Captain D. J. . Rumbaugh versus T. G.
McConkey; H. C. Golcher .versus Charles
Page, Warren Gregory versus G. B. Cook
sey, and C. J. Decker versus S. L.
Abbot Jr.
members of the San Francisco Fly-Cast-
Ing Club assembled yesterday at -Stow
Lake, Golden Gate r Park. S The | contests
postponed from last . week I were " decided
The work of- the : rod-wielders- ia .shown
in the following table : '
Under favorable weather conditions th'e
GOLCHER IS CLEVEREST ,
OF THE FLYCASTEBS
Defeats All the Hod-Wielders Who
Take • Part in ; the Casting for
Distance.
The semi-final round of. the first contest
for the new Council's Cup for women will
probably be. played on the Presidio links
on Monday morning. Miss Alice Hoff
man is matched 'against". Miss 'Alice
Hager, Mrs. R. Gilman Brown having
drawn the bye. • ' - •.
?No returns.
OAKLAND C4OLF CLUB'S' WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY HANDICAP.
Official Newspaper Makes: Plain the
:; ; War Time -; 'Attitude Jof the "¦¦':
¦ '.Czar's Governnieht. •
ST. . PETERSBURG,'.- FebV- 22. > -Th« ; offl-
ItTJSSIA A. STORY'
]'¦';:'';: oip;HER;FRiEinaLiNESs
Walter^ Bergholtz, a' fireman . on the
steamship • Titania; while : endeavoring . to
find his way to the water front about 10
o'clock ; last night, drifted; into . Hardie
place, . a; cul-de-sac running off Kearny
street,: between Sutter and^Bush.- "While
in there he was assaulted vby two men
and badly beaten about the : head. '
¦ Police ; Officer.; George \v. Douglas was
attracted by .the sound of , the scuffle and
rushed ; into v the alley./ Two men rushed
out as the; officer approached.. One. who
gave > the - name , of John Poggl, was cap
tured and /sent \ to . the c Hall of ~ Justice,
where his name ¦ was placed on . the > det
inue book. '.. He will : be charged with an
assault | with I intent » to , commit robbery
; was : sent to the ; Emergency
Hospital, . where ' a large number of
wounds were found on his head.- Nothing
was secured by the would-be robbers.
Beaten by Two -Men in:Hardie
¦¦ ¦%:<¦"- "¦••'': Place:- ¦•./•.¦?.¦;¦
Walter: Bergholtz Is Attacked and
OFFICEE'S ARRIVAL ' SAVES
FIBEMAJST FBOM : FOOTPADS
SAN JOSE. Feb.; 23.— J. O'Brien, a truck
man in the employ of J. H. Bawden, was
crushed beneath a heavy cast in 5 at Caton's
foundry to-day and la In. a critical condition.
Fresno Track Team Wins.
FRESNO, Feb. 22.-The track games in
this city to-day under the auspices of the
San Joaquln Valley Academic Athletic
League were successful in spite of the
bad weather and consequent heavy track.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— The Phoenix nine,
of St. Mary's College and the Bohemians
will play baseball to-morrow afternoon
at 2:30 o'clock at Freeman's Park, Golden
Gate. The teams are as follows:
Phoenix. ££l2 Positions. Bohemians.
Ryan ...... . *T 77. . . . . Catcher CaUaghan
Flynn.i*.'... .».. Pitcher Feiy*.
Fay First base. ...A. Poulter \
fiillaKhan. ....Second base II. Platt y
Phelan Thtru bass C. Poulter '
Haley. .\. .'.?.!.. Shortstop ....Smith
Donifrju? Left field L*>f evri
Bigley . ... — ........ Center field Dminy
Lundy :."...".... Rlcrht field .Short
Collegians vs. Bohemians.
: . The universities of Kieff and Kharkoff
are closed. At the latter place the police
came into collision with students and
workmen. ; : * • . ; "
. ST. PETERSBURG..Feb. 22.— The latest
news received here from Yalta, Crimea,
is to the effect that Count Tolstoi Is at
the point of death. », • .
BERLIN, . Feb. 22:— Advices received
here from St. Petersburg attribute the ex
citement among the students partially to
a false report, ¦: which was spread on Feb
ruary 20, of Count Tolstoi's death. It was
asserted that the authorities had re
pressed the news because the Holy Synod
was undecided whether to proceed with
the annual- excommunication of the au
thor. Several hundred students attempted
to invade the Kazan Cathedral here in or
der to have mass celebrated : for the. re
pose of the soul of Count Tolstoi, shout
ing: "Long live the immortal Tolstoi,
Russia's greatest man! Down with the
dogs!" The police charged and dispersed
the demonstrators. . ¦ .¦ '• >•-:'{¦..
Reports From His Home Say .'the
Famous Writer Is Sinking
; Rapidly. "
PEATH WILL SOON
END LIFE OF TOLSTOI
> Second round— Salisbury (15) beat ¦ Mitchell
6-4, 3-6. 6-3; Collier beat Allen (15),' 7-5, 3-6.
6-2: Brown ' beat i Kempff (15), 6-3,' 6-4. - and
Schmidt aK 30) beat Smith. « -3.6-2. ¦'¦'.-
The semi-finals and finals will be played
off , to-day. , . . ; ;¦' ;: - . .•
Twenty-eight players participated in the
handicap singles tennis tournament held
yesterday on the California^ Club courts.
Play was completed down ¦ to the semi
finals. .The following are still left to plav
for 1 final honors: W. B. Collier, >red
Brown, Herbert Schmidt and Sidney; Salis
bury; ¦• • -\ "-¦- - - '.
Harry • Weihe, the champion i of Stan
ford, figured in the first rounds. After
giving L. Wood a handicap of "half-thir
ty" and beating him ¦ he threw his next
match to Salisbury. Arthur ! Hooper, %i
promising Stanford man, also took part,
but lost his first match to Will Allen.
In the second round H. W. Crowell and
Fred Brown met on even terms. A good
match resulted, in which Brown proved
the victor after a hard struggle. Another
good ma^ch in this round was that be
tween Frank. Stringham and. Grant Smith.
The latter conceded odds of "fifteen," and
it was only by playing his best game he
won. This match ruined Smith's chances
of getting any further in the tournament,
as he was - exhausted. Follpwing is the
summary of. the, day's play: ; .
Preliminary round— Harry Weihe beat Leon r
ard Wood. (^>30). 6-8, 8-6; Sidney Salisbury
beat I Herman Powers (even). 1 6-2, 8-2: Will
Allen J beat - Arthur - Hooper (even). 6-4. fi-1 ;
'.Paul Jones'- beat A. -Duncan (15),' 4-6. 6-3, 0-1;
W. B.« Collier beat A. Worthington (V4 30).
6-3. 6-3;Chet. Smith -beat A. Ames (% 30),
6-2, 6-4; H.~ W.' Crowell won from Dick Adams
by default; Fred Brown beat Sidney Smith
( % 40), ; 6-1, . 6-4 ; Punnett I beat B.' G. Wood
(V. 15), s 6-4, 6-8, 8-6; Clarence Kempff beat
Carl * Gardener (even). '6-4, 6-3: Grant Smith
beatVjames Code (15),- 6-4, . . 6-1. and - Frank
Stringham beat Jack. Gibson (15)," 8-6, 6-4. .
I First round— Frank > Mitchell • beat L. Cutler
(% -30) 6-1. 6-3; Salisbury (15) beat Wfihe.
6-1. 6-4: Allen beat Jones (4-6 15), 6-4, 6-2:
: Collier- beat, C.^ Smith (15). 6-3. 6-2;: Brown
beat Crowell (even), 6-4, 1-6, 6-3; Kempff beat
Punnett ,1 (even), 6-4," 6-4; G. . Smith ¦- beat
Stringham (15),, 4-6. : 6-2. 6-2,' and.' Herbert
Schmidt beat Charles Kuehn (even), 8-6. 6-4
for the Prizes in the Final
•- " "Rounds. * " " ' ' . :
A Quartet of Players Left to Compete
TENNIS' EXPERTS MEET
IN SPECIAL TOURNAMENT
Six teams— Fresno, Modesto, Merced. San
grer, Selma and Kaston — were represented.
Each event was stubbornly contested and
each team ' managed to capture some
points. The final score was: Fresno 62,
Modesto 32. Merced 18, Sanger 9, Selma 6.
Easton 5. The best individual record*
were- made by Ostrander of Fresno and
Spray of Modesto.
"Russia did not agree to the prescnta<
tlon of the note drawn up by Lord Paun
cefote, April' 14. because she did not re
gard it as being in the nature of an
amicable appeal, but considered tha"t it
tended to be an expression of disapproval
of the United States 3 , policy .and that to
have participated in such a note would
have been contrary, to the attitude of
most scrupulous neutrality maintained by
•Russia throughout the war, her conduct
in this respect being renewed proof of the
traditional fripndship of Russia and the
United States."
cial Journal de St. Petersburg to-morrow
will publish a long inspired account of,
the actions of the Embassadors of the
powers at Washington. April 7 and 14,
1S98, which will be almost textually a
repetition of the Berlin Reichsanzeiger's
statement on the subject. The Russian
statement concludes as follows:
Private dispatches received here from
Barcelona deny that there is any prob
ability of a settlement, and say the strik
ers are leaving the city in large numbers.
It is certain that the socialists are now
endeavoring to minimize their share in
the disturbances and to lay the whole
blame for the rioting upon the anarchists.
According to messages received here
from Barcelona the police of thaUdty
have captured documents showing that
London- anarchists furnished a consider
able amount of funds to the strikers and
aided in organizing the outbreak there.
Much alarm is felt at Valladolid, where
the bakers threaten to strike. At Seville
evidences have been found of an orga
nized attempt ta precipitate a fresh con
flict between, the strikers and the troops.
The Senate and : Chamber j of . Deputies
were to-day presented with several reas
suring telegrams by the Minister of the
Interior, Senor Gonzales, to the effect
that the strike hr Tarragona was ended
and that tranquillity prevails at Sabadell.
El Correo (semi-offlclal> says there is a
probability that a provisional settlement
wilL be reached. . . • • . :
MADRID, Feb. 22.— The • nearest ap
proach to truth that it Is possible to glean
from the mass "of conflicting official and
private dispatches from Barcelona Indi
cates that .the situation is still- of the
gravest character, but without any: im
portant outbreak . of fresh .hostility be
tween the troops and the strikers. \
but Troops and Police Are
Apprehensive. •' ..
Jfo Serious Conflict Has Occurred,
EARCELONA OFFICIALS
FEAR MORE TROUBLE
' THE SAN FirA^ ( '^PP CALL, SUNDM, ; FKJiliuAKY '23.
Continued : From Page Seventeen.
F IRE'S VICTIMS IN THE PARK- AVENUE HOTEL NUMBER THIRTEEN
18
COMPETITORS.
Gross.
Hand.
Net.
Arthur Goodall . .1 ..
J. O. Cadman...'.. ..
Wj P.' Johnson:
R. M. Fitzgerald '
E. R: Folgrer
A. H. Hlgsins
B. P. MHIcr........
J. P. Ame3
T. R. Hutchinson.'. .
Frank Kalea ...
P. E. Bowles ;...
C. P. Hubbard....'..
102
iai
87
93
94
99
111
97
94
•
¦ •
20
17
1
<?
3
8
18
0
15
6
0
7
82
87
86
87
ei
01
93
02
79
COMPETITORS.
• . t) - .
II
T. G. McConkey 47
Warren Gregory 48
G. B. • Cooksey 47
C. J. Decker ...:. 51
Capt. D. J. Rumbaugh 49
Charles Page........ £)
Lieut. J. S. Oyster.. 4!)
S. L. Abbot Jr 48
Louis F. Monteagle . . 55
H. C. Golgher 50
J. W. Byrne... 50
Rolla V. Watt ... 55
H. A. Blackman . 60
H. Leslie Comyn..... 03
Dr. J. R. Clark •
W. E. Lester *
J. H. Mee ' •
Andrew Carrlgan.". .. ¦ •
,43 90 .6 84
41 89 4 . 85
45 'S)2 .6 . 86
46 97 10 87
45 ; 04 .6 88
47 06 6 -90
51 100 8 02
4S 9(5 4 92
49 104 12 92
47 97 2 05
48 08 2 .96
60 115 16 »9
55 115 8 107
CO 123 14 109
. . ... 10 ...
.. ... 7 ...
.. ... 10 . ...
:. ;.. 12 ...
n
n
Delicacy."
3
S3 5^
SO
§1
Trie"
79.2
77.0
77.6'
82. C:
78.4-
70 •
72.6
76.8
75 ¦¦•!-•
55.10
80.10
76.8.
81.8
76.8
«'•¦ -a 1 --
¦2 3
¦•. T : ¦*-.:
¦ j p - .*
:t :3 ¦:
.'"!,¦ * o -
85;i; 05.5
85.1 .:.;;
82.7' 57.5
84.11 35 i
87.5 90. S
8t.8 s 0.7,-.
73 v',- 05.8
76.3 .;.V.
82.0 ..'...•
74.0 .....
88.7' ...'..¦
84.2 .....
ai.2 ;..;.
85.2 :.:..,
81.4 .¦...-.:
75! V 57-! 8* ;
NAME
Kenniff, J.:.
Skinner .....
Brown . . .
Mocker .....
Mansfield ....
Brothcrton . .
Kenniff. C...
Kierulff, T..
Grant ......
Kierulff. W..
Young ......
Golcher;
Brdoka V..: 1 ;
Muller ::.....
Foulks .....
Huyck "',..:. .
.Heller:......
Blade .......
109
*89
03
»8
104
79
115
77
02 92. 81
9118 dim
01.8 87.8
82.4 92.1
a3.8 92.4
01.8 91 -;•-
92 76'.
81T43 Sfrja
00.V . 88. 4'
79.4 "i-j.:
93.4 91.4'
92 '-:'¦ 88.4.
94 ~ S9.8.
94.4 88.8'
:v.-.-: 86^.
119
.101
100
87
88
"eo
I!!''! 77;"
I...V. .....
COMPETITORS.
• . t) - .
II
T. G. McConkey 47
Warren Gregory 48
G. B. • Cooksey 47
C. J. Decker ...:. 51
Capt. D. J. Rumbaugh 49
Charles Page........ £)
Lieut. J. S. Oyster.. 4!)
S. L. Abbot Jr 48
Louis F. Monteagle . . 55
H. C. Golgher 50
J. W. Byrne... 50
Rolla V. Watt ... 55
H. A. Blackman . 60
H. Leslie Comyn..... 03
Dr. J. R. Clark •
W. E. Lester *
J. H. Mee ' •
Andrew Carrlgan.". .. ¦ •
,43 90 .6 84
41 89 4 . 85
45 'S)2 .6 . 86
46 97 10 87
45 ; 04 .6 88
47 06 6 -90
51 100 8 02
4S 9(5 4 92
49 104 12 92
47 97 2 05
48 08 2 .96
60 115 16 »9
55 115 8 107
CO 123 14 109
. . ... 10 ...
.. ... 7 ...
.. ... 10 . ...
:. ;.. 12 ...
COMPETITORS.
Gross.
Hand.
Net.
Arthur Goodall . .1 ..
J. O. Cadman...'.. ..
Wj P.' Johnson:
R. M. Fitzgerald '
E. R: Folgrer
A. H. Hlgsins
B. P. MHIcr........
J. P. Ame3
T. R. Hutchinson.'. .
Frank Kalea ...
P. E. Bowles ;...
C. P. Hubbard....'..
102
iai
87
93
94
99
111
97
94
•
¦ •
20
17
1
<?
3
8
18
0
15
6
0
7
82
87
86
87
ei
01
93
02
79
n
n
Delicacy."
3
S3 5^
SO
§1
Trie"
79.2
77.0
77.6'
82. C:
78.4-
70 •
72.6
76.8
75 ¦¦•!-•
55.10
80.10
76.8.
81.8
76.8
«'•¦ -a 1 --
¦2 3
¦•. T : ¦*-.:
¦ j p - .*
:t :3 ¦:
.'"!,¦ * o -
85;i; 05.5
85.1 .:.;;
82.7' 57.5
84.11 35 i
87.5 90. S
8t.8 s 0.7,-.
73 v',- 05.8
76.3 .;.V.
82.0 ..'...•
74.0 .....
88.7' ...'..¦
84.2 .....
ai.2 ;..;.
85.2 :.:..,
81.4 .¦...-.:
75! V 57-! 8* ;
NAME
Kenniff, J.:.
Skinner .....
Brown . . .
Mocker .....
Mansfield ....
Brothcrton . .
Kenniff. C...
Kierulff, T..
Grant ......
Kierulff. W..
Young ......
Golcher;
Brdoka V..: 1 ;
Muller ::.....
Foulks .....
Huyck "',..:. .
.Heller:......
Blade .......
109
*89
03
»8
104
79
115
77
02 92. 81
9118 dim
01.8 87.8
82.4 92.1
a3.8 92.4
01.8 91 -;•-
92 76'.
81T43 Sfrja
00.V . 88. 4'
79.4 "i-j.:
93.4 91.4'
92 '-:'¦ 88.4.
94 ~ S9.8.
94.4 88.8'
:v.-.-: 86^.
119
.101
100
87
88
"eo
I!!''! 77;"
I...V. .....
His wife, more sensitively organized and
more powerfully Influenced by • Intuitive
Impressions, regarded Ismar's -warning as
a portent of impending' disaster and
begged him to. remain on land; begged as
only a serious-minded,' fear-wrought
woman can beg— with tears on her cheeks
and all the energy that a woman of sensi-
tive mind and nerves can put into plead-
ing; but all to no purpose. "Manlike, he
had made up his mind to two things:
First, to go on the Walla Walla, and sec-
ond, to treat the warning of Ismar as a
Jest. The sequence shows conclusively
that Ienxar's power to read future events
Is wholly dependable and trustworthy:
that if you are about to take an unusual
step; are about to embark in a new
undertaking; are contemplating even such
commonplace enterprises as business.
matrimony or speculation, her advice is
positively of the utmost value. Her In-
sight into all the intricate details of palm-
istry, physiognomy, physiology, psychol-
ogy and phrenology is so thorough that
when combined with her unequaled clair-
voyant endowments she is easily the most
dependable counselor and delineator of
future events. Her power as a clairvoy-
ant and seeress has been proved time
after time in San Francisco, where she
has resided for years. She needs no for-
eign recommendations or testimonials
but hundreds of people in this city have
tried and proved her marvelous gifts. She
can be consulted dally on all affairs *of
life, at her office, 114S Market street, oppo-
site Sixth street. San Francisco.
Ismar's readings by mail are fully as
satisfactory as those given in person;
three questions answered, $1; full life
reading. $a. Send date and year of birth
It has just come to llgrht that Ernest I*
Marsha], one of the missing- passengers of
the ill-fated "Walla Walla. -Was warned In^
advance by Ismar. the wonderful seeress,
that If he went aboard the vessel he
•would never see land again. It further
develops that after receiving the warning
mentioned he flippantly related Ismar's
words to his wife and several friends, and
Just before departing took up a glass of
liquor and Jokingly said: "Well, here's
to your good health; as for me, I'll never
eee land again, but I'll have plenty of
¦water." * ;
ing to Ernest L
Marshal.
Ismar's Reniarkabe Warn*
OF THE
Walla Walla Disaster.
A STARTLING
DEVELOPMENT
Dry, moist^ scaly tetter, all. forms of
eczema" or ' salt rlieum, pimples and
other cutaneous eruptions proceed, from
humors, either inherited or - acquired
through defective digestion' and assimi-
lation.. ; < ,..
To treat these ' eruptions with dry-
ing medicines is dangerous.
The thing to do. is to, take
Hood's Sarsdparilld
and Pills
Which thoroughly cleanse the blood,
expelling; all humors and ; building up •
the whole system.; (They cure;; ::'•';';- V
Accept "no substitute. -^^^
" Testimonials . of . remarkable ' cures . mailed on
request. C. I. HOOD CO., Lowell. . Mass. ¦'-¦ y '!¦ '' : {i
f. ,V "CUI'ICH »N Rfi".».
Clan MafeKeiizie
(7-ycnr-old Scotch Whiskey) V
;N: thin? Finer.
•'..'¦- -Sure remedy for . Pneumonia.' Grippe.'-'
, etc. ¦ Supplied to principal ; railway, anil
¦/., steamship companies and to :Delmon- .
.• >' ico's. New York. ;.'••¦ Also last two ex-
_ hlbitlons . Glasgow, i Scotland.
FJRB X> BROS ; Importers^
- , . L 307^Sansome,st.,- San Francisco. ..
: Beware . of . Imitations • and " substltu-
, v tlons. ¦; ¦¦ ..-.¦- ¦ •—
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pe' una > ,85c
Liebig's.Malt Extract. V.V.". 15c
Pure Cod Liver Oil, tfc pint; 3 bottles ...7.90c
Sponges— the regu'ar 1 sp nse 5c
Lavender Water— 8 -'.unce bottle 50c
German. Salts' per ,b. ...."..'". .....,......;.. ..25c
Electric Bateries, regular $7.50 ... .V. . . . .85.00
Silk Elastic Stockings ...;......... $2.50
Special Sale on Ladies 5 Pocketbodks
at 20% Discount. ;
50% smeoWprescriptions.
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS ON CAMERAS AND SUPPLIES.
EYES EXAMINED FRi E BY AN EXPERT OPTICIAN.
• ....... -— We Giva Trading Stamps
ADVERTISEMENTS.
hELY 5SjJ|pIf|Ue^^0:*p^T^
teS oT^ar^Se £&**%&.^d^th^^-^ -Interesting From
I minister to the spiritual and ' CatllOllC In StitHf inner
'I HE ; -intellectual needs of the vuuiuny HiailLUllUnb.
SISTERS care, but they also minister ,i -iTVlsi =f~»^
GOOD With so many children ' /^_*j^ETfMiimT—'^ "^a\ "nTTI r^^t^^^l^
' »W.XXr^ to take care of and to pro- t&$3^Z<<tf\XVa I I nTTTTrTTTT 1 lilt) Trh>^^^
; WORK. r.tect from climate and dla-- JJJJ^ffiS?^^ T>OQK&£flW
I wywrfcr^' | ease, these wise and prudent J&'Mp&rfl] \\\\jJ*Z0&X&KU >^Stf5
never-failin & safeguard. 81 " 3 * ° U^ PerUna a J^^^^^^m, J^^3
?», A }f tte u rec £ ?. n t'y received by Dr. Hartman from Kj4^JWAL VZcSaFF*^*'
follows 3 ' ullneSlsters ° f , Cleveland. Ohio, reads aa > MP'" IwfT
"We have lately given Peruna a trial, W,l \m/ \\$I
for though the medicine was not new to ?W-$ \ \\ffl
us, we had not tried it sufficiently to tes- U r8|53\ \ l|ll
tify to its worth as we are now ready to do. I ' |^S*n •¦¦'¦¦¦ \^^^^^\ IWl
"We find Peruna an excellent tonic and |c| {f &S% I \ fW
a va.uable remedy tor catarrhal affections j|! | S^%. J A |\\W
of the throat We have recommended it >f mWM0m^^^J%
to^our mends and have good reports from If m^S^^^M^^^^^m
:*~ — - ~ ¦ — H==^^rg^^5^g^gsaa^^ ¦¦¦'¦tfiu^-.,--- —
Dr. Hartman receives many letters mend from the Sister Superior: The names and addresses to thes« ltt>
from Catholic Sisters all over the United ters have been withheld from respect, to
States. A recommend recently received u - _,-„_„..,.„„„ *.; anr i n f~,,-i !„<.+;'„*,»» tRe Sisters, but wiU be furnished upon
from a Catholic institution in the South- "Some years ago a friend of cur institution request-
west reads as follows: ' recommended to Ui Dr. Harlman s Peruna One-half of the diseases which afflict
¦ . i - < ¦ as an excellent- remedy for the .nftuenza, of mankind are due to some catarrbal de-
A Prominent Mother uperiop Sayst which we -then had several cases which rangement of the mucous membrane Un-
: "I can testify from experience to the threatened to be cf a serious character. ing some organ or passage of the body.
efficiency of Peruna as one of the very . . ' A remedy that would act Immediately
best medicines, and It gives me pleasura "We began to use it and experienced such upon the congested mucous membrane,
to add my praise to that of thousands wonderful results hat since then Perum has restoring It to Its normal state, wouia
, who have used it. For years I suffered become our favorite medicine for influenza, consequently cure all these diseases.
, with catarrh of the stomach, all reme- catarrh, cold, couch and bronchitis." ' - Catarrh is catarrh wherever located,
' dies proving valueless for ! relief. Last S™£?h kidniv, 1 nr ™?v J* 1^ « UngS v
spring. I went to Colorado, hoping to be Another recommend from a Catholic S that HwUl " cifre it^^in one g l?catica
benefited by a change of climate, and; institution of one \oi the Central SI/iIp* Vfin cure lfc in all . locations.
while there a friend advised me to try 'nsuzuzion OT one OT we oenrrai States Peruna l3 such a rem edy. The Sisters
Peruna. ".-. After using two bottles I found written by the oister Superior reads ot Charity know this. When catarrhal
mains, of my _ old disease being now so __ ..... remedy to use. These wise and prudent
E^feSd^n^^^-ffi^nin
Peruna, I am .now treating another cahed to Dr. Hart man s Peruna, ana ~ since a disease ia of catarrhal nature. Peruna.
patient with your medicine. She has been then we have used it with wonderful, results is the remedy. Dyspepsia, and female-
sick with malaria and -troubled" with iopai ,; o couiha csldkhnrl rntnrrhal rii^PniPt weakness are considered by many to bo^
leucorrhoea. I have not a doubt that a *or grip, couyns.cvas ana cazarrnaf diseases entlre i y different diseases-that dyspep-
cure<will be speedily effected.". -• of the head ana stomach. . s i a is catarrh of the stomach and female
ntnT^-tn #»^ nnirnvw weakness Is due to catarrh* of the pelvic
SISTERS OF CHARITY J?Ly n Z?<^
— s • . has been of great service to the inmates of both tRese very common and anndyin*
All flvor lln'tarl Qta'oe llco Po m na fnr this institution." diseases.
All UYBI lUlilBU Oia.eS - USB re-rU-na TO! If you do not receive prompt and satls-
Pofarrh ti.,. ___ .___/-, -x /««-„» „«, factory results from the use of Peruna,
taiarrn. , Inese are samples OT letters re- write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
_— ceived by Dr. Hartman from the van- {£» , st^ teme t nt «S f your c £, 3e " and e "J, 11
From a Catholic institution in t Cen- ous orders otCaihonc Sisters through- SfcJSaS.* 0 *" y ° u Ws valJiable "*"
irat Ohio comes the follomng recom- out.the United States!, hSS gSiSS^doSSSJf^gor*
=STEBLING FUMITUBE=-=:
fArm I Ti T
RocKer, I If r
1 vWJT^^J Sewing I
* Broad seat, spreading arms, hifih
back. Made of solid oak, cane seat.
Made of Elm, finished golden brace arms. . ¦
oak color. Just as the picture shows Handy in a score of places about
it — 91*75. the home.
|oi Dining Chair
w|| -Qpportvnily.
\\ till i -A' ; - Found three patterns of dining chairs (about
j^XsUIhL i^^ -*: .350 chairs) in our sample • line that the manu-
7^ Smm 'HtytkwT^ facturers have dropped. .
ij^8 Zf^**^!? They're strong- stylish chairs that have
F/V^fr"*// **s£n k een Rood sellers. 1 • - ;
fir n iy ' ***? Probably the cost of making was too great
§ ]a If ll to allow the manufacturer much of a profit—
I j this is often their reason for discontinuing a
A $L65 DIKING CHAIR FOR 95c. ¦* > 'ftogaa*^ 1
A solid oak brace armchair, with an unusu- J
ally high back. The back slants a little more \&rsofwgs&. I
than normal — makes it remarkably comfort- r s *TOBT^ sa
able — like an easy chair. .' . ' ; '. vj Kaa [
iMMjj Dining Chair, pew!
i i loljj J A strong and hand- sL >o=a&»=5
has the new "banis- / "^ <f l/ T I 1 " " ;^
m A ter' back — a * broad. :'(/'' •I''
(***<£^mg%ir% upright oak panel in- ' , •' ' ' I
yxju^j^^g^^l . stead of spindles in C f
pSrh^A A $2.23 DINING CHAIR FOR $1 40.
|T \j Made of quarter-sawed golden oak. Broad
: . l )a " el back « neatly engraved— for good looks
| | Tliree rungs in front and sides, brace arms
. ¦ ¦ . • straight grained bent legs— for strength.
EVERYTHING FOR THE HOME
-From kitchen tinware to the curtains and pictures for. the drawing-
And credit makes your dollar worth more than one hundred cents.
STERLING Fvrmture Gqmpariy
W39 market; opposite McAllister
ISMAR,Leopold Discloses No Plans.
BRUSSELS. Feb. 22.— An official of King
Leopold's household cays that while his
Majesty has on several occasions ex
pressed a desire to visit the United States,
he has never reached the point of sug
pesting any da.te and has not uttered a
word from which could be deduced any
confirmation of the report that he intends
to undertake a voyage to America this
year.
Guenther on the Retired List.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.— Brigadier
General Francis L. Guenther, recently
promoted from colonel of artillery, was
placed on the retired list of the army to
day by operation of the law on account of
age.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— A persistent
rumor was in circulation to-day that Sec
retary Long's retirement from the Cabl
pet would be followed by that of Secre
tary Hitchcock. No confirmation of the
rumor could be obtained.
Secretary Hitchcock May Resign.
TOLEDO, Ohio, . Feb. 22.— Negotiations
are now pending looking toward # the
amalgamation of the 1 Detroit and Toledo
Shore Line with the Toledo Railway and
Terminal- Company. This will give to
every road entering Toledo a direct con
nection with Detroit and with the all
canal lines that reach that city.- - The
Shore . Line was one of the properties of
the Everett-Moore syndicate, and Everett
and Moore, with Chairman Newcomb of
the bankers' committee, which has charge
of the syndicate's affairs, were in Toledo
to-day on matters relating to the sale.
Amalgamation Promises Benefits.
To-day he braved sleet and slush' -and
went to his office which is on, the fourth
floor of the Bank of Commerce build
ing. There he spent . the morning. He at
tended to business alone, his clerks fail
ing to come to the office. Sage Is 85 years
old, but still likes. to work, although he
has amassed a comfortable competency.
His fortune is estimated at upward of
$50,000,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.-Russell Sage're
sumed to-day his practice of working at
his Wall-street office on holidays. . He
broke it on Lincoln's birthday ' to attend
to some real estate business in Harlenr.
Keep the Aged, Man From
Possession of Fifty Millions Does Not
RUSSELL SAGE WORKS.
V EVEN ON THE HOLIDAY
In a lame rejoinder the Minister of the
Interior refused to be drawn into the dis
cussion, but' he committed. himself to the
somewhat unexpected statement that he
was "prepared, in accordance with Prus
sian tradition, to take the odium of a
royal decision which was not agreeable to
himself," and that he would "leave the
house. to draw Its own conclusions of his
conduct.. . •. .
• Referring to a remark by. the Minister
yesterday, Richter said he thanked God
that the Radicals had 'not. reached the
point of matching their strength against
that of the King. He also thanked God
that the counry had so valiant a Minister
of the Interior. But recent incidents be
tween the municipality and the crown .had
made bad -blood and had only improved
the prospects of social democracy.
Ministerial responsibility, Richter said,
was a Prussian tradition, but Baron von
Hammerstein was desirous of escaping
therefrom. If the Ministers had nothing
to do but countersign royal decrees they
did not differ from, ordinary clerks.' 1 -;/;'.'
Richter, the Radical leader, had kept the
house in roars of laughter by a cauftic
attack on the Minister of the Interior,
whose speech of yesterday, he declared to
be full of contradictions, and demonstrat
ing that he did not know his own mind,
much less that of the Emperor.
-BERLIN, Feb. 22.— During the course of
to-day's, discussion in the lower house of
the Prussian • Diet of . the non-confirma
tion by the "Emperor of the election of
Kauffmann, as Second Burgomaster of
Berlin, the Minister of the Interior, Baron
von Hammers teln, pracucally admitted
his personal disapproval of the Emperor's
action. - • . .
Made a' Subject for, *
i& Laughter.
Head of Interior' Department
Radical Leader Causes
Excitement in Prus- "
sian Diet. , ¦
SHOWERS ABUSE
ON A MINISTER
The hull had been cut In two as if by
collision.' On one- of the pieces of the
wreckage there were two men, one of
whom 1 was sitting down, dressed ln oil
clothes and appeared to be hurt or be
numbed „ by cold, -as he did not move or
show any interest ln- the approaching
steamer. The other was walking around
waving his hands. The steamer stopped
her engines and a boat was manned and
swung over the side ready to lower, when
a big wave swept the two men from the
wreckage and they rose no more.
NEW YORK, Feb. - 22.— Captain Baker
of the Morgan . line steamer Elsidad,
which arrived to-day from New Orleans,
reports that about . four miles off Sea
girt, N. J., he sighted the wreckage of
what appeared to be a schooner or barge.
tual Effort to Save Two
Men. ' . ;:;:-•
Seamen on a Liner Hake an Ineffec-
WAVE WHELMS THEM g
WHEN RESCUERS ABE NEAR
To the Bee Hive, where the very latest
styles of shoes for women and men. reg
ular 13 60 shoes, are now being sold for
$1 55 a pair. These shoes are made by
the best manufacturers in the U. S., so
be sure and come around to the factory
sale of shoes for a 53 50 shoe at (183 a
pair. 717 Market St., near Third. •
Come Around To-Morrow
Fight Between Spanish Bullfighters
Besults Disastrously for One
of the Hen.
EL PASO, Tex., Feb. 22.— A bloody fight
between two Spanish bullfighters resulted
from a quarrel about a woman ln Juarez.
Mexico, to-day. Knives were the weap
ons used, and one of them slashed tha
other so- viciously across tha stomach
that he will die. His body was almost
cut in twain-.
CUTS HIS ANTAGONIST
NEARLY IN TWO PIECES
COPENHAGEN, Feb. 22.— The text of
the treaty between the United States and
Denmark : for . the sale of ; the Spanish
West Indies was distributed this after
noon in Danish and English, to the mem
bers of the Rigsdag. A bill dating: with
the> sale of the islands will, probably 'be
submitted to the RIgsda«r at the end of
next week. ,' King Christian . said ' yester
day at a. Cabinet council that he hoped
the matter would be settled as : soon as
possible- '¦¦:"¦ ¦¦BafiiSEHfiMHSB
King Desires Early Action.
For" two years the woman, with her two
boys 6 and 8 years old and her girl, 2
years old, has been living in small 'apart
ments in the rear of a drugstore at 411
Sedgwick street, owned by Dr. - George
Pickering. • The physician objected to: the
presence of the older children. She was
then obliged to rent a room outside of the
store for the boys. Three weeks ago the
woman went to the officers of the Chi
cago Children's Home and Aid Society.
She said she was hungry and unable ¦' to
properly provide for her children, and
asked the organization to find a place for
the older ones to stay.V. . ,
The woman says that she married
Count Herman B. Delia Predosa in New
York ten years ago, and that he later
deserted her. She came to Chicago three
years ago with her children.
CHICAGO. Feb. 22.— Lolita B. Delia
Predosa, who gays she is, the wife of an
Italian nobleman, has. been compelled to
apply to the Chicago Children's Home
and Aid Society to care for three of her
children.
Institution.
Officials of a Charitable
Woman in Chicago Tells Sad Story to
POOR MOTHER DECLARES
SHE IS NOBLEMAN'S WIFE
A petition has been prepared and Is be
ing circulated in all large cities , of the
United States. Copies have also been for
warded to be circulated in the provinces
of China. Men in this country have sent
copies of the proposed law and their peti
tion to their friends and relatives at
home. A concerted effort seems to be on
foot to secure relief from what the Chl
ncso consider unnecessary severity. China
has several times acceded to the request
of America to amend the treaty in the
hitter's favor, and the Chinese think that
more liberal treatment should be shown
them. No great opposition will be made
to the exclusion of coolies of China, but
to regulations which apply to merchants.
On Friday he enunciated this policy
definitely. Under the leadership of Lung
Hok Sou, secretary of the Jon Wah Kon
Show, or the Chinese Merchants' Associa
tion, a concerted move was being made
by the leading merchants of this country
to get the Chinese Government to pursue
Wu's policy.
Retaliation against Americans in China,
in case Congress passes a more stringent
exclusion law against the Chinese than
is now on the statute book, is the request
of a monster petition now being circu
lated among the Chinese merchants of
the principal cities of the West and East.
Several weeks ago, ln a committee-room
of Congress, where the hearing was being
given on the MItchell-Kahnbill, the pro
posed new Chinese exclusion act/Minister
Wu intimated that if the bill became a
law his home Government would retali
ate in kind.
NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— That it was no
idle threat made by Wu Ting Fang, Chi
nese Minister to the United States, when
during the controversy with former Mayor
James D. Phelan of San. Francisco he
exclaimed, "We'll keep Americans out of
China," is shown by the united action of
the Chinese merchants here.
Wu Ting Pang Said to
Have Uttered No Idle
Threat. -
CHINA ISSURE
TO RETALIATE
.i' GUTHRIE, O. T.-, . Feb. 22.— A myste
rious: murder, has' just come .to flight; at
Okmulgee by the' finding of the body- of
Samuel McCoy 7: with ;a -bullethole: in the
back of < his : head. ". He j had; not been ¦ seen
slnce'January .31; when he had $400 on his
person." '^That \ night : his horse ' came home
riderless. '-t' 1 ' 1
Body. Shows • Murderer's Work.
; LONDON, Feb^ 22.— Official reports of
the ' pauperism existing ; in London ..• show
an increase" of ' 3726 ! paupers 'over .'the cor
responding period of 1901, and the highest
total in : twenty .-nine , years .with ' the ' ex
ception of a corresponding week ; in 1895.
The; increase is partly, atribu table' to the
unusual cold.' .
Paupers . Increase ; in London.
' : WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.— The National
Council of .Women at the triennial session
to-day -elected -the following '¦ officers:
President,- Mrs.-. William Todhelmuth,
New York; vice president,' Mrs. Mary-W.
Swift, California; 'corresponding secre
tary,' Mrs. Flo Jamison Miller;, first re
cording^ secretary, Mrs. . Ida Weaver,
Iowa;' treasurer, , Mrs. Lillian Hollister,
Detroit.'. .;•" '.
Women : Elect^ Their Officers.
r Counsel had ¦ previously announced . that
Lawrie I Marks, the American bookmaker, .
i who is supposed to have committed sui
cide; . James ¦: Mances, another ', American
bookmaker, . who ' is also missing, and
Burge had £91,000- of the bank's ' money,
of -which amount £76,000 had been recov
ered, Burge having returned £30,000, while
£12,000 and £34,000 stood to the credit of
Marks and Mances, .-¦; respectively in a
bank. Kelly and Stiles had divided £75,
000 between themselves and Kelly had now
restituted £17,000 and' Stiles. £6500. •
LONDON, : Feb.' : 22.— Sentence's were to
day pronounced on prisoners found guilty
of complicity in the Bank* of 'Liverpool
frauds. - Thomas P. Goudie, the book
keeper of ! the bank, ¦ and Dick Burge, > the
pugilist, were each sentenced to ten years'
imprisonment and F.' T. ; Kelly, a book
maker of Bradford, and Stiles, another
bookmaker// each received two-year, sen
tences.. ' ¦- ¦ ~
• ' Their Sentences in Bank
Fraud. Case. .
Pugilist and Bank Cashier Receive
STTRQE MTJST REMAIN"
*IN PRISON TEN YEARS
The action by the committee this after
noon was preceded by a conference at the
White House | between | the President and
Representatives ; Grosvenor of Ohio, Rus
sell of 'Connecticut and Dalzell of Penn
sylvania;*, all -of whom have heretofore
stood out against any form of reciprocity
provisions! . The action of the Republican
members was unanimous. V v
WASHINGTX5N, Feb. 22.— The Republi
can members jj of the Ways and Means
Committee, who have been considering
the question of concessions to Cuba at
several /meetings during the week,
reached, r an agreement "'this afternoon
which is considered a victory for those
who have favored tariff concessions 'to
that island. The action taken was the
adoption of the following resolution:
'.Resolved, That It i* the sense of the ma
jority members of this committee (subject to
the approval of the Republican members of
the House in caucus assembled, to be held as
Boon as practicable) that the committee report
a bill in substance authorizing the President
to negotiate a reciprocity treaty with the.Cu
ban republic, when established, providing -for
the entry of our products into Cuba upon such
terms as . shall be deemed by him to be ad
vantageous to us; provided, however, that such
treaty shall; secure for our products going Into
Cuba duties leas than those allowed to the
other countries, substantially equivalent to the
concession made by us; that the consideration
upon our part for such treaty shall be a con
cession of 20 per cent of our tariff duties upon
imports of the products of ! Cuba, upon thia
condition:. That .Cuba shall first enact our
immigration laws. " . "
By the terms of, this, resolution the
proposition agreed on by the Republican
members "of the committee will ..be sub
mitted'to a Republican, caucus to be held
next Tuesday. This action is practically
the proposition submitted, a few days ago
by Representative Long of Kansas, ' ex
cept that the amount of the concession is
cut in half and the condition precedent,
that Cuba enact our immigration Jaws, is
added. .» :.. -
Republican Congressmen
Prepare a Rep ort
on ouoel
CONCESSIONS
MAY BE MADE
"I 'agree with every word uttered by
Mr. Redmond. The trouble, although for
the moment confined to Roscommon. in
volves a. principle of vital interest to Ire
land. - If the : ; De - Freyne tenants succeed
it will be impossible for. the Government
to resist any longer our claims for the
settlement of ¦ the Irish land ( question.
The whole future of the Irish national
movement is seriously affected by • the
struggle proceeding on the De Freyne and
neighboring estates." .
"The cause of all the trouble is. the
Government's refusal to face the unani-'
mous demand of the ( Irish people that it
pass legislation giving- compulsory power
to buy out landlords and thus restore the
land to the Irish people. Lord Dillon's
estate, which is next to Lord de Freyne's,
was bought out by the Government and
the tenants who bought the land are pay
ing 50 per cent less rent than formerly.
The De-Freyne tenants naturally wish. to
do likewise, but Lord de Freyne refused
to sell at any terms, The Government, in
stead of endeavoring to effect a settle
ment, poured in an army of police."
John Dillon, the former chairman of the
Irish party, said:' / • ¦-
VNot only are forty tenants turned out,
but many hundreds are being proceeded
against.. The country. thereabouts is alive
with police, who patrol the roads day and
night, ¦¦;" force ; themselves ;into people's
houses, and in every way create a. reign of
terror.' ; Fifteen. representative public men
of the district have been imprisoned mere
ly for taking part in meetings of a politi
cal nature and many others are being
prosecuted. Everything has . been peace
able so far,- but the proceedings of the
Government are so extraordinary that we
cannot help feeling anxious lest violence
occur. . . .
LONDON, Feb. 22.— The Irish party, at
taches great significance to the evictions
of tenants of forty farms on' Lord de
Freyne's ..estates in Roscommon County,
Ireland, • for i refusal to pay, rent and in
tends : to make ,,&. fierce Parliamentary
struggle over the | matteX John Red
mond, chairman of the Irish Parliament
ary party, said to-day: •. ¦>:.
Redmond and Dillon Talk of
:'. Proceedings Against .
Tenanta •,
Evictions in Rosepmmon
Will Cause Long
a Controversy. . -
IRISH PROPOSE
A BRISK FIGHT
HERE'S WARNING
FOR UNCLE SAM
Former Canadian Minis
ter Predicts All Kinds'
' > ' of Woe.^^ ¦ ;
LONDON, Feb. 22.— David Mills in an
article in the March number of the Em
pire Review,^ written while he was i Cana
dian - Minister of • Justice, bitterly assails
President Roosevelt's and Senator Lodge's,
interpretation of Monroeism. He declares
that the United \ States "are so \ long en
amored of their own political institutions
and so devoted to self -worship -that they
think no ! others are deserving . of admira
tion." * ¦ - .• . v ¦ i .:-. ..¦¦¦"- -i-. : ¦-;:. : ;-si
', Mills maintained, that it would be to the
State of Maine's commercial advantage to
enter the Canadian federation, and says:
-"America has no more right to dictate
to South' and Central America than to
Canada." •--. , : " ;"-->' : -:' ' . ..'• ¦;
', In conclusion Mills quotes the United
States' reply to 'the Barbary states, "We
prefer war to tribute," adding: ¦'.'¦; ;ii£
"The United States must not be; sur
prised when the occasion arises if she re
ceives 'from European statesmen an an
swer not unlike that she gave to the Bey
of Algiers. It is certain that a similar
conclusion will be reached by. Europe
whenever attempt is made to enforce
against any great European power so de
grading a species of vassalage as that em
braced *by the modern Monroe doctrine.",
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 1902.
BY GflBLE TO THE CALL, i
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
19
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
(T.F.McHu S h.> <S </ V'^'^V*-^^
- Lame back is phly one symptom of kidney trouble— one of many— and Is Na-
ture's timely warning to show you that the track of health is not clear. •
If these danger signals are unheeded, more serious results are sure to follow;
Brlght's Disease, which is the worst form of kidney trouble, may steai upon you.
The great kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Is used in the leading;
hospitals, recommended by physicians in their private practice, and Is taken by
doctors themselves who have kidney ailments, because they recognize ln it th«
greatest and most successful remedy for kidney, liver and bladder troubles.
EDITORIAL NOTE— Swamp- Root has been tested in so many ways and has
proven so successful in every case that a special arrangement has been made
by which all readers of The Call who have not (already tried it may have a sam-
ple bottle sent absolutely free by mail. Also a f>ook telling all about Swamp-
Root and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women who owe their good health, in fact their very
lives, to the wonderful curative properties of Swamp-Root. In writinsr. be sure
and mention. reading this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call when
sending your, address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address. Binghamton, N. Y.
DR. KILMER & CO., Bingfhamton, N. T. ' . "
Gentlemen: -It gives me gTeat pleasure to add my testimonial to that of hua
dreds of -others iegaxdlng the wonderful curative properties of Swamp-Root, i
had a lame back three years ago before * leaving North Dakota for the coast.
Soon after my arrival in the Puget Sound country it became very -much worse.
I felt certain- that the coast climate had given me acute rheumatism and cams
to the conclusion that I could not live in this climate. Later I became convinced
that what I really had was kidney trouble, and that the rheumatism was due to>
my kidney trouble. The -lameness in my back increased rapidly and I had other
symptoms which Indicated that I would soon be prostrated unless I obtained
relief quickly. Noticing your offer of a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, free. I
had a friend write for one and began taking it immediately. Within three weeks
the lameness in my back began to disappear. During that fall and winter
I took ¦ three one-dollar bottles .of Swamp-Root, with the result that I be-
came completely cured. I no longer have pains in my back and can exercise
violently without feeling any bad effects. I have recommended Swamp-Root to
several of my acquaintances who were similarly affected and without exception
they have been greatly benefited by its use.
. . 'v- '.¦ Tours very truly.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy,- Swamp-
Root, Will Do^for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
CURED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
KIDNEY TROUBLE, LAME
DR. BALL'S REINYIGORATORgOSS
Stops all loses In 24 hours. Five KKr*%&0
hundred reward for any case we 163 EBflfx
cannot cure. - This secret remedy '. B ¦ .-> ../- B
rurea Emissions, Impotency, finn WOSm
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, f§*n hPto
Strictures. Drains, Lost Man- lit'lfl - tUljl
hood and all ; other wasting ef- ESS EWPl
iectd of eelf-abuse or excesses.." , RBbBbSS!
Bent sealed. (2 bottle; S bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address ' orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S63 Broad-'
way. ¦;. Oakland, ¦> Cal. Also . for sale at - 1073)4 ,
Market at., S. - F. Send . for f re* book. - > -
" ¦ - . ¦ . ¦- -^ i~ i' i o^i ¦¦! rt» ¦ i^ssssillBlsswnWi
Youp. Fortune Told Free.
< BY THE 7fll)fAC -£» t ">lo'«y reveals your
1#1 lilii.&UlflAV life. We will send you
a I Horoscope Reading: "of your life, and - a
"most interesting Book on Astrology,' If you
1 send the date of your birth and a stamp for
'return postage. Our . readings have made
1, oeople happy and full of hope and success
, , Address MAGAZINE OP MYSTERIES. 22
.North William St., N. Y. City. ¦ ¦ ••• ¦ ,-
The sole motive for -substitution is to
permit the dealer to make the little more
profit paid by the sale of less meritorious
medicines. He gains ; you lose/There-
fore accept ' no substitute for " Golden
Medical Discovery." ¦ . * V
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cleanse the clogged
system from accumulated impurities.
« I was troubled 'with eczema from the crows
of my head to the soles of my feet." writes Mrs.
Ella Quick, of Cass City, Tuscola .Co., Mich.
"Could not walk. at times nor wear my shoes.
Thought there was no help for me— at least the
doctsr said there was none. I went to see
friends *t Christmas time and there heard of
the good that Dr. Pierce's Goldpn Medical Dis-
covery had done for them, and was 'advised to
try It'at once. For fear that I might neglect it
my friend sent to the village and got a /bottle
and made me promise that I would take it. ¦ - 1
had been getting worse all the time. I took
thirteen bottles 01 the * Golden Medical Discov-
ery ' and ten vinls of Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pel-
lets, and used ' All-Healing Salve,' 'which made
a complete cure. It was slow, but sure. I was
taking the medicine about eigljt months.
«I would say to all who read this; try Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery before wast-
ing time and money."
The powder puff may help to hide the
ravages of time but it avails little to hide
the ravages of disease. When the face
is disfigured by eruptions,' the treatment
must go below the surface to the blood,
which is congipt and impure.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovefff
cures disfiguring eruptions which ara
caused by impure blood. It cures scro-
fulous sores, erysipelas, boils, pimples,
eczema, salt-rheum and other': eruptive
diseases which impure blood breeds and
feeds. . ¦ . ,- -\ .;':-.
DB. PIEB,CE'S BEMEDIES.
¦ J - If; you } will - send your . name and ; address to
the ' Columbia' Scientific Academy, : Dept. _ 323P
1931 ;* Bipadway. New H York '•, City, ? this , ¦ book
will be- sent- to: you .'absolutely free, postage
prepaid- '-On account* of - thegreat expense-in-
volved ' in ¦ preparing! this," book, ¦ the > Columbia
Scientific : Academy , requests ¦ that . only - people
who ; are - epr>ecially i, lntere«ted>. write ' for 1, free
copy— only those. who desire, to achieve greater
BtincKM ! and . better . their condition - la iff*; ¦
Fred Perkina 'of South' Haven. .Mich, says:
"I. have been . In . great demand since I read the
work of the Columbia Scientific. Academy. Peo-
ple * are ! amazed ; and mystified ¦ at - the ; things I
do.- I believe I could make $25 per day reading
character alone. If I were to charge for, my ser-
vices. If 'any one would have. told I would re-
ceive bo ; much wonderful 1 Information ' I. would
have thought him crazy."- •-¦':• w' v . - <-.-. j
: > Mrs. M. • Kffle ."Watson of Martinavllle, Ind..
says: .-"Could 1 have had access to such infor-
mation "In 'past yearn I could ¦; have avoided
many misfortunes. ¦:,. This work of: the Columbia
Scientific , Academy., shall i be my > guiding star
the remaining days of my life.'.'
This Etranse, ; mysterious ! influence is inher-
ent .In every human being. - By the late meth-
ods explained by the- New York specialist .ia
human culture any -intelligent person can- de-
velop a wonderfully magnetic personality, and
learn how to read the character, secrets and
the lives of others In a few days' study at his
own home. ' You can use this marvelous power
without the knowledye of your most intimate
friends and associates. You can use it to ob-
tain ; lucrative ¦¦ emDloyment, - to secure an ad-
vance ln-salary. ¦ to wjn the friendship and , In-
fluence of others, : to , obtain a greater share of
happiness from life.' : Ydu can-, be- respected,
honored ] and • become ; a leader in your com-
munity. • •..;.' * ;. . . •.."- -
I If you are not fully satisfied with your pres-
ent . condition ¦ end circumstances: If . you long
for greater success or more money ;; If you aw
not able ¦ to > Influence others to the extent you '
desire, the reporter; would advise, you to write
at once for, free cony, of this great work now
being given " away by; the Columbia v Scientific
Academy. ¦— Y ' l ' "•"¦¦•¦'-.¦. '¦> . ,.
¦ Mrs.' R. C. -Young, of 312 Indiana* street,' Law-
rence. Kans., t- recently , sent ¦ for copy . of * this
book. After carefully examlnins it: and testing
the methods . of ( ¦ personal ' Influence on ' - her
friends " and . associates, •- she makes .the follow ;
Ing statements, in a letter to' a friend: "The
instructions , given '. by the ( Columbia Scientific
Academy have been worth to me more than all
the previous reading of my life. I wl«h every
woman ln this . country could • read ' their, grand
b6ok."7-'-: ¦-=¦."' -^:-:~' -.i-'i"'-" -.-¦-¦ ' ¦,-.¦.•.—
Not loner 'ago John D. Rockefeller, the rich-
est . man • in America, said, 1 in ' talking: to a
Sunday-school class, that he regarded his suc-
cess" In- life largely to his -ability -to Influence
others. Lincoln. Lee, Napoleon and Alexander
the Great all won ,: name and - renown by their
wonderful Dower ; of ¦ personal influence. : , Jay
Gould piled ud millions by this same power.
J. P. ¦ Morgan orsanized the billion-dollar steel
trust . and ¦ enriched himself by millions . simply
by. his .marvelous ability to influence others.
There are to-day thousands ' of men with ; the
brains and education of ! Mr. Morgan who are
practically paupers. They have the ability to
organize a trust, but they have - not sufficient
power of personal -Influence. • Personal Influ-
ence, will-Dower. • stamina— call It .what you
wilb— has from the creation of man been th.>
rfubfle force that has brought wealth, fame and
renown | to> those . who were fortunate j enough
to possers I it.~ - - • " . ,.
The book also describes absolutely certain
methods by which you can read the character,
secrets and lives of every one you meet. No
one can deceive you. .You can tell what voca-
tion is best for you • to follow. You can- know.,
the secret power by. : which minds of human
beings are charmed and fascinated. The new-,
est, latest and best system of physical I and
mental culture and magnetic healing is fully
explained, and illustrated by beautiful half-
tone engravings. : No . such book has ever be-
fore been published. No such wonderful In-
formation has ever before . been placed in the
hands ! of the public. On account of the mighty
power and - Influence ' placed in one's hands by
this book the Legislature of the State of New
York debated whether or not. the State ought
to permit its promiscuous circulation,/ but it
was finally decided the good It would accom-
plish would greatly overcome the ill, and . Its
distribution was not' 'interfered with. <
A wonderful new book entitled • "The 8ecret
of Power" ' has Just been Issued" at an expense
of over. ?5000 by one of the leading colleges of
the city of New York. , This book is from the
pen of the ablest specialists of modern times.
The authors gave, away the copyright on con-
dition that 10,000 copies should be distributed
to the public free of charge. The Columbia
Scientific Academy is now complying with this
contract, and until the edition of 10, (JDO copies
Is exhausted, you can get a copy of this book'
absolutely free. The book is profusely Illus-
trated with the most expensive half-tone en-
gravings. 'It is ' full cf wonderful secrets and
startling surprises, and thoroughly explains the
real source of the power of personal Influence.
It fully and completely reveals the fundamental
principles of success and Influence in every
walk of life. The hidden mysteries of personal
magnetism, 1 will- power 'and scientific charac-
ter reading are explained ln an 'Intensely inter-
esting manner. Two secret methods of per-
sonal influence ' are described, which .positively
enable any Intelligent person to .exercise a
marvelous s influence and control over any one
whom he may wish. These methods are en-
tirely new and have never before been made
public. A reporter has tried them personally
and can vouch for their wonderful power. .,
High Priests of the Occult Reveal
- Jealously Guarded Secrets of
. Years— A Wonderful New
«s Book by Prominent ,
' New York Men. '¦''¦:
A Reporter Makes Astounding; Dis-
coveries—Secret Methods Which -
• Charm and Fascinate the
- - s Human Mind* L
How Prominent Men Develop /This
Power and Use It to Influence
Others — Women, Too,
¦:'.- Adepts in This My s-
; , terious Art.
MAGNETISM
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B Ban Francisco. Sunday, 23 February, 1002. i
BcversiMc top
I card table
I Q '¦ O
\\ Strictly speaking, this is a combination library and card
\i table. On one side is a handsome wood top. Press a little
|f spring, reverse the top, and in a second's time without moving
I the table you have a cloth-covered top for card-playing.
8 The table is substantially built and quite graceful in de-
| "S 11 - ¦¦i;-.'"' ¦ ¦'.'.?
| We have, it in oak, golde'n finish, mahoganized birch and
k the new weathered oak measuring 30 inches: in diameter at
E $24.00. Also in golden oak and mahoganized birch measuring
H 36 inches in diameter at $28.50.
|j Of coufse we have less expensive card tables in great va-
R riety, among them being several styles of folding tables as low
I in price as $3.00 and $3-5°.
IO_ O
Tuesday, March 4th — a notable event.. Particulars will,
follow. *
I (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
I 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
B.KATSGHINSKll
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 1
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
1 WlW W m B B ¦ D ¦ttBbSX
* § vjf £il W ¦i'jl/jijffBiM '
A Real Smart Style
in Patent Leather.
Military Heels. t
Why are we the leading shoe
dealers? Because we give values
that cannot be found elsewhere.
Because we Fell the latest creations
and nobbiest styles in ladles' shoes
at prices never offered before is
this city. We make no idle boast.
Here Is a leader for this week-
Ladies' Patent Leather Lace Shoes
with mat kid tops, straight foxed.
4 coin toes and tips,- hand-welted
-J« soles and military heels. THE
riilOE ONLY $^.a.*>- Sizes 2^
to ~\i. Widths A to E.
1 *£££* yP*^*' A rmor-clad Lace
m f£* f K £;i K -« calf - coln toes and
H tips, steel circlets in soles and
a spring: heels. THE PRICE <t 1ft
I Sizes 9 to 1% Widths p^dE 0 '
J COUNTRY ORDER S SOLICITED.
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
~fj 10 THIRD STREET.
ft San Francisco.
\-W Owl tliis weeK
m • A big saving over our usually low rates. The Owl's specials
¦' - lff t are genuine reduction sales.;. We cut the cut rates and we 1«
. jm, never run out of anything, we advertise— nor do we reduce \A
Ml the quality of the goods.' Telephone orders delivered— South 356. fa
,'u One cake each Cuticura Duffey and Allen's Malt M\
'E and Churchill's SKin Soap 25c Whiskey 1 bo teach $1.25 w\\
Hjj The regular price of each is 25c — bur • Regular price of each of these nod 111
M 1 them together and you sare one half ' ¦ malt whiskies Ji a laying of 75c o»er jVl
K. C\arr<T*< P*»mvir1i> nf lJ " the regular price - UVtl
RJ Hvdrntfrn " IS of Soda lijl
1 1 \ ¦ Our regular 15c size y ' '*'• P&CK2(£€ DC rjgjl
1! 1' ¦ • if J"i'.^l"" 1 c "it. tin.* il i*m The regular price 10c - Mil
\i$ r. Keegan s Scotch Whiskey 95c Cudahy's Beel' Extract Jlt\
b{ The best Scotch Whiskey we have erer - '-.«*¦• . AM Itlli
ijUV sold — we recommend it — sells regularly v 2 OZ. S1ZC 30c MR I
|| tenner's Malt Extract !5c Grecian VioleTToilet Water 40c Un
' \ft\i v Made ln Manich — the belt malt A luxury for the" bath— fragrant and <$¥/
IH\\ extract /told in this country— special purifying regular 50c ji JI
M Glycerine I.pint bottle 35c P riee.t » O «° C ,W
VVvV l Tae regular 50c size ' stores 50c— our usual pries tec Hv//
\\Vt -Agenta for tha Fulton Rm media t fflJJ
V. for Bright'* DlteaseandDlabatea , , J^T'
\\\% - '••© rfsf Rd 3t»» 5^n y^^|_— 1-^_ '__ ' ¦ wj%jThe status of Senators Tillman and Mc-
Laurin is that they are still In contempt
of the Senate, and only by a vote of the
Senate can either be recognized either to
speak or to vote on any question what
ever. The Senate ls operating under a
clanse of section 5, article 1 of the Con
stitution, which recites: "Each house may
determine the rules of its proceedings,
punish members for disorderly behavior,
and. with the concurrence of two-thirds,
expel a member." '
The Senate adopted a resolution declar
ing both Senator Tillman and Senator
McLaurin In contempt. Bya'vote both
were allowed to make statements, in
which both apologized for their actions.
But the Senate took no further action,
and the resolution referring the matter
to the Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions Is still in operation, and until the
commttee ls discharged or the Senate re
lieves the South Carolina Senators of the
contempt, they must remain silent In the
This is the judgment of all Senators who
have considered the question, and the
presiding officer, it is said, will refuse to
recognize their right to participate ln the
proceedings until the order of contempt
is vacated.
Are Still to Contempt.
hour?s address to support of the Phlllj>
plne bill. . - - * - -
On the suggestion of Bacon there was a
division- of the two branches; of the ques
tion. /.The first vote' was taken < on .the
declaration that the two; Senators .were ' in
; "A motlon'was made by Teller, looking to
the opening of the doors." "This was voted
down— 18 to: 42. 'The Republican Senators
generally expressed themselves as willing
to | hear, the apologies promised, - but • gen
erally insisted that .there . should first , be
action -on, the resolution:;, '¦<¦<.;:¦ .-,--.;,
¦.Teller, .while uniting with. other Sena
tors in deprecating the occurrence, said
that it was not unprecedented ; that there
had been other similar affairs on the, floor
of the Senate; and instanced among oth
ers the encounter between Senators Ben
ton rand Footc: He also suggested i that
Spooner- was not entirely blameless for
to-day's occurrence, 1 because by his inter
rogatories he had*. provoked -.Tillman to
make explicitly ; the charges .which : had
been but -vaguely : made before his inter
ference in- the rlr rrnt" ¦-¦-*¦¦- *i-"TT/r** in fr*lilCMii
Foraker then accepted the amendment
of Hoar and' it was embodied in the reso«
luWon. Before the vote was taken a num^
ber of Senators spoke, and while there
were many .; kind ..utterances regarding
Loth -Senators there was no exception in
the opinions expressed as to , the. gravity
end seriousness of - the '.offense: Among
the Senators - who thus 1 them
selves were ; Teller, Fairbanks, Hanna,
Blackburn and*Spoorjer. Hanna suggest
ed that, serious as has been the encounter
in the Senate, it was not so grave as the
charge of ..misconduct (made against, Mc-
Laurin, and he thought that any investi
gation, undertaken should' extend? to that
matter. • '.;<:;,., . '¦,....
Blackburn and other Senators then stat
ed that the two South Carolina Senators
were. willing to > apologize; and thus purea
tliemselves of the contempt,, and in vieV
of ; thls statement Hoar withdrew the por
tion of his amendment providing lor their
commitment. • , . ., ;
The discussion which occurred in the se
cret session was- based largely upon the
foregoing resolution, the first. sutfirestion
of which was made by Foraker.' In pre
senting the, resolution' Immediately after
the doors of the chamber, were closed
Foraker. took occasion to remark' that the
occurrence had been an outrage upon the
dignity. of the Senate, of which the Sen
ate, should take cognizance, . ......
'• Hear indorsed the resolution of Fora
ker, but said he thought' the action of the
Senate should be more explicit than con
templated by the- resolution.:' He there
fore moved to amend it by ordering that
the two Senators from South Carollrfci be
declared , in contempt by, the Senate for
disorderly conduct and speech in" its pres
ence, and that both should be taken into
custody. -In support of this amendment
lie said that any courtor any other par
liumentary body would commit men for
so grave an offense against its dignity to
await'its judgment.; .' .' , -
tv,'l O £^f ?d ' , That^ he^ tw ? Senators- from
the State of South Carolina be declared
in contempt of the Senate on account of
the altercation and personal ; encounter
between them' this day, in open session,
and. that the matter, be '.referred to the
Committee on Privileges and. Elections,
with instructions to report what -action
shall be taken by the Senate in regard
thereto. . , - ; ... ¦ '¦¦-..¦ ¦, ¦¦¦ .¦
~,;L h< V procee< y n(i ; s a«er the. doors were
closed covered almost two hours of time
KTM '? the of a IS':
lution in the form of an order,, as -fol
lows : :'..••' • / - . . . . .
Guilty of Contempt.
J f; 1 '" interjected Foraker, "I
"Certainly," said Burrows, who had
been endeavoring vainly to get the eveof
' ¦ M /j President," said Foraker, who had
mov|d into the main aisle, "I move that
-.1.Sf. nate eo lnto executive session."
- AVithout • comment every Senator still
i a^?^ u ° der - th eemotlon which ail en"
ilV»»l e< \ - t t0 c° nceaI . the motion was
agreed to.'and. at. 2:52, { the doors were
the .aio5r^!& ed B .? !d 1 -f?-/V^«.-k that
(MjLa^hfK^ncS<i^ U: ;^ ro1^'
sa7d! v^i&gg^ McLaui S 'ffl
to;;^f^uK^
Laurin °2nH»l aid^ eller ' indicating Me
natter.'" i ° ther one> too « f °* 'that
Continued from Page Seventeen.
Burton quoted General Funston as saying that practices of this kind were
sometimes reported by the Macabebe scouts (natives). r . ' ' .
"That's a confession of the truth of the charges," shouted Tillman, -He dis
claimed, however, any reflections upon General Funston. . >
Soon afterward. Tillman concluded his remarks. ,.,,.. . , < . :v
Scarcely had he resumed his seat when there occurred 'one of the most sensa
tional scenes ever witnessed ln the history >of the United States Senate. 1 "¦-.:.•'
Pale to the lips and trembling with the emotion which. in vain he endeavored
to control, McLaurln of South Carolina rose and addressed the Senate, speaking
to a question of personal privilege. Instantly a hush fell over. the Senat° airi over
Hi? thronged galleries. The very atmosphere seemed charged -with excitement,
with breathless interest the auditors, both on the floor and in the galleries, hung
upon every word uttered by the South Carolina Senator. Despite the emotion un
der which be labored McLaurin seemed to be the calmest man in the chamber.
He spoke with deliberation, and his enunciation- was clear and distinct. Every
word he uttered seemed to be felt as well as heard in the remotest part -of the
historic old hall. > *\ '- -
. . Mr - President," he began, #< I rise to a question of. -personal privilege." He
had voiced less than a dozen words, yet the excitement by this time had become
Intense. AH seemed to realize that a nortentous event was about to happen. Sen
ator Scott of "West Virginia moved restlessly about in the rear of the chamber/
and Assistant Sergeant-at-arms Layton rose from his seat as If to listen the better
to what was about to be said. ti
"During my absence," continued McLaurin, "a few moments ago from the
Senate chamber in attendance upon the Committee on Indltfn ,Affairs the Sen
ator who has just taken his seat (Tillman) said improper influences had been
used in changing the vote of somebody on that treaty, and then went on later
and said that it applied to the Senator from South Carolina who had been given
the patronage in that State. I think I got the sense of the controversy.'.' J :
Still controlling himself with an effort, but still speaking very calmly and
with a. carefully modulated tone, McLaurin said, and his words cut through
the Senate chamber, like a knife:
"I desire to state. Mr. President— I would not use as strong language as I
intend had I not, soon after the Senrte met, replied to these insinuations and
said they were untrue. ' • •, • « ... -.- ..-;, v ,.'« <
"I now say," continued McLaurin, with distinct emphasis upon every word,
and half turning toward his colleague, Tillman, who sat in the same row only
three seats away,."that the statement is a willful, malicious and deliberate lie."
McLaurin got no further with his statement.
j..' TIHP an. who was occupying his regular seat on the main aisle, sprang, with
tiger-like ferocity at his colleague. Teller of Colorado, who was sitting at his
desk between the two South Carolina Senators, was swept aside- without cere
mony. Indeed, the Infuriated Tillman climbed over him in his effort to reach
McLaurin. Without .the slightest hesitation McLaurin sprang to meet the at
tack half way. Tillman aimed a wild blow at .his colleague with his right
fist It landed upon' McLaurin's forehead just above the/left eye, although its
force was partially spent upon McLaurin's arm, which he had raised in an "ef
fort to parry the blow.
Instantly McLaurin's right arm shot out, the blow landing upon Tillman's
face, apparently upon the nose. Again Tillman struck out frantically, this time
with his left band. The blow did not land upon McLaurin. Then followed a wild
scrimmage, both Senators clutching at each other madly. .
Senators Warren and Scott, both of whom are powerful men, rushed toward '
the combatants to separate them. . ,. r '
Assistant Sergeant at Arms Layton sprang over desks in his effort to reach the
belligerent Senators. Just as he seized McLaurin, Tillman aimed a left-hand
blow at his colleague, which-struck Layton in the face. Fortunately- the blow
was glancing and did no special harm. Layton tore them apart. Both Senators
were still striking wildly at each other, some of the blows •
An instant later the angry Senators
were pinioned in the arms of Senators
Warren and Scott. They were dragged
further apart, although they still made
ineffectual efforts to get at each other,
Finally they were forced into their seats,
McLaurin.'although, very pale, seemed
to l>e the calmer of the two. Tillman was
as white a a sheet. As he sat down in
his seat he drew his handkerchief from
his pocket and wiped blood from his face,
that seemingly was flowing from the
landing upon Layton.
nose. Until that time it-had'been sup
posed that no blood had been drawn in
the encounter. . V. *
During the fight Senators all over the
chamber were on their feet. ' Not" a word.
however, was epoken. The Senate, 1 never
in its history, had received such a shock,
The President pro tern.* Fry, was ¦ the
first to regain composure. In-calm and
unimpassloned tones he directed that the
Senate be in order. .He rapped i sharply
two or three times with his gavel aad in
BLOWS ARE EXCHANGED IN THE SENATE BY TILLMAN McLAURIN.
When the Senate reconvened at 8 o'clock
not a dozen 'Senators appeared on the
floor. -Pritchard of North Carolina made
a brief address in support of the Philip
pine bill.
Fairbanks of Indiana followed in an
After some discussion" it was arranged,
at the suggestion of Lodge, in charge of
the Philippine bill, that discussion of the
measure should be resumed, McLaurin of
Mississippi desiring to address the Senate.
J McLaurin then took the floor in oppo
sition to the pending 'measure. He de
nounced the method of the majority and
declared that the policy was detrimental
to the -best interests of the United States.
The Senae fhen. at 6:30 p. m., took a re
cess until 8 o'clock.
As McLaurln uttered' the last sentences
of his speech; intimating that if there was
any farther effort to press upon him the'
accusations which had been made against
him there might be trouble, there was an
evident stir in the chamber. Several Sen
ators rose to their feet, as if half-expect
ing a renewed outbreak t>f trouble. Bacon
of Georgia and Patterson of Colorado,
both of whom were sitting near McLau
rin, urged him to stop where he was, Pat
terson saying: "I beg the Senator to re
frain." .¦•¦¦
"I will refrain, then, Mr. President,"
said McLaurin.
Further 'Strife Averted.
Mr. President: I did not realize that I was
In contempt of the Senate, nor do I think now
It my words are read in the Record that I was
in contempt of the Senate, but at the same
time, as the Senate has ruled that I am ln con
tempt of this honorable body, 1 beg leave to
apologize. • ¦ • . - , •
I desire to say, Mr. President, that I have
been very sorely and severely tried. I was in
attendance on the Committee on Indian Affairs
when I received a message from a friend ln the
Senate that my presence was needed there
Th« history of the vote on the Spanish treaty
ls known to all of you. There have been state
ments in newspapers and Insinuations that I
had been influenced by improper motives in
connection with my vote on that treaty. Know
ing in my own soul, and knowing that God ln
heaven also knows that It was false when I
was told that It was centered down to me I
was so outraged by what I considered a most
brutal assault upon my . honor as a man, and
especially in view of the fact that in the be
ginning of the session, after the action of'my
party associates, I made a most careful and
deliberate statement explaining all* those .mat
ters, I did not feel as a man that I could ever,
hold my head up again if I did not resent it
-In - the - place . where H was delivered ln the
strongest . and most forcible terms that I could
t employ. - - •.¦'.-.'• ':• '"¦' '.;.-": ¦'
With that, Mr. President. I am done, except
I have this to say. If there is any more, talk
of that kind or any more
McLaurln rose at the conclusion of Till
mana brief addres3. He,, too, was calm,
but it was evident that he was suppresa
ingjiis emotion by an effort. He spoke
with greater feeling than had been mani
fested by his colleague, particularly when
he told the Senate how sorely he had been
tried by the accusations which had been
made against him from time to time His
statement' follows: .
Senator here or the. Senate as a body or th«
people of. the United States to feel that I have
been derelict and that I have not shown that
courtesy and proper observance of the rules
of this body. t>wt I regret it; I apologize for
t "v \ wa " rea ' x S' to do that two minutes af ur
1 had ucted, but under the provocation which
was known to all of you ; could not have
acted otherwise than I did, and while I apolo
gize to the Senate and am sorry that it has
occurred, I have nothing more to say
Attorney-General Pyle.
HURON,- S. D., Feb. 22.— Attorney Gen
eral Pyle of this State, who has been ill
here for several weeks, died last night.
• PORT TOWNSEND, Feb. 22.— The Ger
man ship Theckla arrived to-day from
Yokohama, having on board three men
from the stranded sealing schooner Fawn,
which sailed from Victoria January 14.
The other members of the crew were res
cued soon after the Fawn went ashore.
Survivors From Sealer Fawn.
Mr. President : : I have ' always' esteemed It
a 'high- honor -and privilege to be a member
of this body. ' I had never had any legislative
experience /when. I. came here; I and my ¦ previ
ous service, as Governor of South Carolina for
four years had, unfitted me in a measure to
enter this august assembly with. that dlgniry
and regard — proper regard T will say — for Its
traditions and habits and rules that is desir
able. • • - ' • . > • ¦• ¦ .
I. have been lit-re seven years. I have ln that
time learne \ to judge men with a little more
catholicity of spirit than I Jici when I cacie
her». I have found a great many people htre
In : whom personal < integrity and i honor. ) and
rcgird for th»lr obligations as gentlemen" I
have explicit c.orfldence: but ' I have. 'seen so
much of partisanship, I have seen bo much
of what I cnr.o'der slavish submission to party
domination - that 1 confess 1 have . felt some
what at a loss how to Judge men who in one
aspect appeared to be eo high and • clean and
hcnoriblfc and in' another appeared mor* or
less despicable. I say this because of the fact
that one, of the Senators has seen flt to allude
to ¦ some ¦ matter" that occurred In the debate
this af ternoon. - Now I wish to say. that &o
far as any action of. mine has caused j any
;. In ; .a-' breathless silence : Tlllman rose to
address the Senate. He -was calm and
collected and gave no ' indication by. his
manner of the scene in which
he had been one <5f the principal actors
but. a. short time before. He spoke de
liberately, and every' ohe of. the hundreds
of the auditors. leaned forward eagerly to
catch his words. He said: .
The motion was carried.
"That's right^sald Spooner. ¦>>¦¦);
"Be given the floor," continued Black
burn,. Vto- make any statement -in their
own way to the. Senate to purge them
selves of the* contempt." ". • • '
At the conclusion of the ruling of Frye.
Blackburn said: "I move that the senior
Senator from South Carolina be given the
floor." ' . .
"Why one Senator from South Caro
lina?'' interjected Spooner. l :<
"I move that the two Senators from
Sofith Carolina "began Blackburn.^ :
Apologies Duly Made.
"While theee two Senators are declared' to be
in contempt the • chair could not recognize
either If he should rise and address the chair;
but. on motion made by any Senator that they
be heard the chair would recognize the Senator
making the motion and would hold that the
motion was in order. In\ the ordinary trans
gression of the rules or violation of order the
Senator .violating it must take his chair and
he cannot be recognized by the presiding officer
again until the Senate has relieved him of
that by motion. Of course the Senators from
South Carolina 'can be relieved of the con
dition in which they are so tar as recognition
by the chair is concerned by a motion and ; by
a majority vote bt the Senate. What ¦¦ will
happen after the two Senators have purged
themselves so far as it is t»ssible of the con
tempt'the chair will be prepared to rule upon
whenever that question is raised. /
The resolutions declare that the har
mony of the party would be jeopardized
by, the .appointment of the/ newspaper
man; and charge that he haa not been,
in accord with his party in local contests;
that he has sought to obtain the' position
by secret methods, and that the turning
down of Nelson is. against the wishes of
th% citizens, irrespective of party, and
against the best interests of the service.
The. contest has brought on a bitter
fight. Congressman Woods has favored
Phelps, and it is understood that Senator
Perkins desires the retention of Nelson.
The latter obtained the indorsements of
the city and county committees * of his
party and 'forwarded a petition signed by
a. majority of the business men. Phelps'
friends are, however, sanguine of winning,
but there is a hitch in Washington some
where, and what was considered by them
as a certainty a. few days ago does not
now apea*>r so certain.
contempt, 1 .and it prevailed by a unan
imous vote' of > 62 to 0 on a roll call. ..The
remainder of the resolution, referring the
matter- to the Committee on .Privileges
and Elections, was adopted without a
roll. Both the South Carolina Senators
remained in ; their seats during the entire
session. ¦-.-'• .
Alter the secret session the Senate at
5:15 resumed -business ln open session.
Blackburn made a statement of what had
been done in executive session, and asked
whether, arfy statement could be made to
the Senate in open session by either of the
SenatorB while they were in contempt of
the Senate. There was a lengthy discus
sion of the question, and finally President
pro tm. Frye ruled: .-.
STOCKTON, Feb. 22.— At a meeting of
the Republican County Central Commit
tee this"; afternoon the contest for the
postmastership of this city, in which the
incumbent, T.. ' A. ; Nelson, and J. L.
Phelps*are the .principals, was taken up.
The committee soine months ago indorsed
Nelson for the position, and to-day it con
firmed its former/action by passing reso
lutions requesting Congressman woods
and Senators Perkins ' and Bard not to
present the name of Phelps. The vote
stood 54 to 4... .-¦•:. • . U
Special Dispatch to The CalL-
The wreck was caused by a car carry-
Ing 4700 live chickens, turkeys, ducks and
pigeons from the East to tho San Fran
cisco market. About one-half of the fowls
were killed, and when others were
liberated they went roaming over the hills
of Placer. The dead birds were quickly
appropriated by a band of tramps en-,
camped ln the vicinity, who proceeded to
prepare them for roasts, broils and stews,
and It was not long before the hobo camp
was reveling: in a rich feast.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 22.— Nine 1 cars of
a westbound freight were wrecked this
morning on the Central Pacific Railroad,
a shorj; distance east of Penryn, Placer
County. Traffic was delayed for several
hours. No one was inji/red. . t. ,
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Feast; in. Nearby Hobo Camp
.Follows Closely Upon
the Disaster.
County Central; Conimittea
h Repudiates thsi Congress- .
- man's Candidate. •
PighJ. for the Stockton
"..-'Postoffice' 1 Grows v \
... . ¦ -^
Car Filled With Poultry
Is Derailed Near
Penryn.'
WOODS AT OUTS
WITH HIS PARTY
TRAMPS PROFIT
BY THE WRECK
• ', , ¦' ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ - ¦ - . . ¦ ¦.
THE SANj FRANGISCO CALL, , SUNDAY^ FEBRUARY 23 v !9oi
20
DRS; SHORES & SHORES, specialists.
Eo^sr 1^ WiLEYvB. ALLEN BUILDING, 933 MARKET ST., •.
(Third Floor.) SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Office Hours— Week. Days. 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. Evenings, 6:30 to 8. Sundays, 10a- m. tolla
IN PRIVATP. DISEASE^
Because it i would betray confidence. ' Hence we
have to prove our skill ln this class ot troubles
in another way. " This ls our plan : ;
.-We have proven our skill In curing CHRONIC
diseases by publishing the many voluntary tes-
timonials, from home people, giving names,
pictures and . addresses.
WE CAN'T PUBLI5H OUR CURES
If you Buffer from any of the weaknesses or
diseases caused by Ignorance or dissipation
YOU ARE THE VERY PERSON WE WANT
TO TALK TO. : . . .
WEAK M EN.
' We cure you first, and then aik a REASON-
ABLE FEE when you are cured. NOW. WT3
WANT TO CURE YOU with the distinct un-
derstanding that we will not demand a fe« un-
til we cure you. - ' •
ALL PRIVATE DISEASES are included ln
this special offer, such as LOST MANHOOD,
seminal weakness, spermatorrhoea, varicocele
contracted disorders, contagious blood poison.
etc.. and ALL WEAKNESSES of men.
- (If your disease has reached the incurable
stage we will frankly tell you so->
CONSULTATION AND ;. EXAMINATION
FREE by letter or; in person. Call or write.
Pay When Cured.
! r "I have tried lots 'of doctors and treatments
and taken so-called patent medicines, all to no
purpose, i This was my condition when I began
Drs.-'Sliores ¦ & Shores' . treatment two months
ago. M SLEEP GOOD NOW, AND MT. APPE-
TITE IS FINE. I feel much better in every.
W *'DRS". : > SHORES' /.TREATMENT HELPED
ME FROM 'THE START, 'AND I- TAKE
PLEASURE IN - RECOMMENDING DRS.
SHORES . . TO V ALL SUFFERERS '• FROM
asthma : and catarrh. ¦" for their
treatment. has done .wonders for
me. ; • .'..; -¦¦'- ¦ 7 ¦ •¦'¦¦ ¦¦¦ , ¦¦ ¦".-: ¦ ¦- ¦•¦:¦¦ -
:>"any one ' doubting ..this i testi-
monial is at liberty to call on me,
and: i • -will ¦• i gladly- verify the
truthfulness of. the same. - : ¦
, " (Signed)-' '"-. • .•:,••,» ,V WILLIAM- MAAS,
' • «'- "^428 10th ; Et.,- San FranclBCo, ' Cal.?. .
.3428 Nineteenth street, San Francisco. Cal.
Asthma 2o Years.
¦ Mr. Maas says ! . "I AM | A- SAILOR : BT OC-
CUPATION and Iwas born.' and .; 'raised In this
city. ' I * have •"! been Va. '< GREAT : SUFFERER
FROM ASTHMA 11 AND CATARRHT my' asthma
would j get so ;, bad i I .would have J to , CHANGE
CLIMATE' to : get relief.; I WOULD, CHOKE
UP .AT- 1 NIGHT. S"f: . . ..' - -»-
WILLIAM MAAS,
Drs. Shores caution the sick to not pay out another dollar to any doctor for treatment
or medicines until you are satisfied that the doctor you elect to treat you is qualified by ex-
perience and learning- to cure you. When a doctor <or some medical concern) tells you they
can cure you. ask them who they have cured that were sick like yourself. If a doctor curea
others ,he can cure you. If a doctor, by any SUBTERFUGE, is not willing that you may
know. whether he is SKILLKDor not in the treatment of your kind of ailment, the chances
are ten to one, he is INCOMPETENT to treat you. or is a MEDICAL FAKIR. Take no
man's unsupported word that he cures DEAFNESS. CATARRH and CHRONIC DISEASES.
DEMAND THE PROOF. Drs. Shores are graduated ln medicine from America's leading
medical colleges, and they have personally treated ln the i>ast fifteen years over 100.000
cases of Catarrh and Chronic Diseases, and the voluntary TESTIMONIALS each week from
.well-known people who live right here in the city, people you know and can talk with,
speak for DRS. SHORES' SKILL as expert physicians and specialists.
They tell lOL Drs. Shores" treatment cured when others failed (and for a trifling
expense. • ¦• ¦ •-. . •
r,»< ! UN c?, E^J c H^| P Sf^ A i'.9 F f ER A W YOU APPLY BEFORE MARCH 1ST YOU GET .
DRS. «"ORES* REGULAR $3 A MONTH TREATMENT FOR $3.00, |
/fiS&ag^. ' SPECIALTIES. \e^r>^
I Y^iTO CATARRH — Deafness. Nose and Throat
• ' ' : '— wg Troubles, Eye and Ear Diseases, Bronchial and WSff x
ngTs*» WSV Lun? Troubles, Asthma. Stomach. Liver an.i KfcsF jfti/A
12 m Kidney Diseases, Bludder Troubles, Femal? R^f &SV>J&
¦'--I S© *j ¦ ' Complaints, Diseases cf "Women and Children. w^-' r.-. 1 1
\ r^tt ¦ "«ir v- v • Heart Disease, Nervous Diseases. Chorea (or- ' VI
\ *^3 fm r-rfS *«S» . St - v l*us* Dance), Rickets. Spinal • Trouble. -* Y-.
J&^%^W!MXr^&! Ovarian Diseases. S-latlca and Rheumatism. .^g^S^St^ci-A
t&mtS&M&MPW^t. E)lseases ot the Bowels, Piles. Fistula and Rec- j^§X£&/>fc3?^t\$£s
£MIffl^Zfot^lW&t S? 1 Troubles - Lost Manhood. Special Diseases. j^^m-^O^Kl
iiwflV Golter (Or Blg Neck) - Blood Diseases. All Dls- W5*mi*P^\W
Wm JZ MM * asa8 of the Prostate Gland. Tapeworm. Hay l&SsPl'rVJ 1 \
Fever, Hysteria. Epilepsy. Insomnia, etc.' »4|JN
i * H&&& Home Treatment Cures. Writs \jf
\ Vf| ; /JllpF for Symptom List. Consultation' \
In r which io take advantage of Drs. Shores & Shores notable offer to treat all who applied during 1 February with catarrh
or any complicated catarrhal chronic "disease until cured for, the one;low fee of $3.00 a month. No other charge or ex-
Dense in any case ¦ All medicines, care and attention . furnished absolutely free to demonstrate td the public the superior-
ity of Dr. Shores' treatment. in curing QUICKLY. • /. . - .. .. i.
4J CORES HAVE ALREADY TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF THE OFFER. DRS. SHORES SAID THAT ALL WHO- APPLIED DURETCJ
O February with Deafness. Catarrh or 'any Catarrhal Chronic Disease. - no matter how COMPLICATED, would bo treated until cured
for the low fee of $3.00 a month, all medicines Included free, DRS. SHORES KEEP THEIR WORD, but as only five days remain of
tht> time fixed by Drs Shores for this special offer. to close DRS. SHORES NOW TAKE THIS PUBLIC MANNER TO WARN ALL THAT
\c SURE AS YOU READ THESE LINES. JUST SO SURE WILL THE $3. (DO RATE FOR ALL CATARRHAL DISEASES. MEDICINES
FREE BE WITHDRAWN FEBRUARY 28TH AND WILL" POSITIVELY NOT AGAIN BE RENEWED OR EXTENDED. If you ar*
left 'this time blame yourself. FOR DRS. SHORES -WARK ALL that after February 28th the price for treatment will be ADVANCED,
start in AT ONCE 'If you want to be cured for the low fee of $3\ 00 per month, all medicines Included free. Do not wait until the last hour
of the 18 «t day of the month to apply and be LOST in the rush, but apply NOW., CONSULTATION FREE ALL THIS WEEK FOR ANT
D " DEMAND THE PROOF.
JUST FIVE DAYS YET REMAIN
(MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY AND. FRIDAY)
WILLIAM G. . LAYNO." Livestock Auctioneer-
COAST AUCTION COMPANY, 303 Sutter St..
will sell FRIDAY. February 23. 1902. by
order of Mr. Geo. H. Gamble. seventy-fiv«
high-class water color paintings by W. O.
von Berwyn. The above paintings will be>
on exhibition at salesrooms Monday. Tue«-
day, "Wednesday and Thursday preceding
' day of sale. This will be a rare opportunity
¦ to obtain such high-class art at public auc-
tion and all art lovers should take advan-
tage of this sale; as all paintings will b«
¦old that are listed in catalogue to the high-
est bidder. Descriptive ..catalogues, «lvlo«
names: and numbers of each painting, will
be furnished to all attending exhibition and
sale ' BRKEN & FINCH. Auctioneers.
THURSDAY. FEB. 27, 1902. .
Commencing at 10 a. m. Sharp.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 Howard st.. near Third. S. F.
150 head of SOUND CARRIAGE. "WORK
AND SADDLE HORSES: well-matched teams,
gentle and ready to drive: suitable for draft
and delivery work; 1100 to 1550 lbs.: 5 to 6
years. Horses at yard. Sale takes place
fe> .&& fes
AUCTION III AUCTION!!!
AUCTION SALES
IN THE HOUSE
Ordinary coughs cannot last over night.
Croup germs are destroyed in thirty
minutes .after the first inhalation.
Bronchitis ls cured in forty-eight hours.
Catarrh ln from one to three weeks,
and that dread disease, consumption, in
sixty days.
It ls very easy to understand wny wnen
you know that HTOMEI is the only ger-
micide that will km the germs of theaa
diseases, and which can be Inhaled in the
air we breathe, the only possible way of
reaching these germs.
If you are in doubt about the efficacy of this
new remedy, send to The K. T. Booth Co,.
Ithaca, N. Y.. for five days' treatment, free,
or go to your drug-gist and purchase an Outfit.
The Inhaler will last you a lifetime and 50c
will supply you with sufficient HTOMEI for a
month's constant use.
It has been a long and most - difficult
task to convince the public that cough
syrups, expectorants and other drug3
taken into the stomach do not and can-
not destroy the germs of diseases located
ln the head, throat and lungs, but when
the last reporf-of the Bureau of Vital
Statistics was published, showing that
HTOMEI had reduced the death rate from
consumption alone 34 per cent during the
past year, and when this was followed by
an editorial in the United States Health
Reports, stating that this reduction was
caused solely by HTOMEI, and that no
other remedv or treatment had anv-
thine whatever to do 'with it. then,
and not until then, did the people awake
to the fact that It was a useless waste
of time and money to attempt the perma-
nent cure of such diseases without de-
stroying the cause— germs.
WITH THIS LITTLE INHALER
"VVlthln the past three months over sixty
thousand people have stopped tLe use of
stomach medicines and are deper-dln? en-
tirely upon the new germicide to cure
themselves of coughs, catarrh, croup,
bronchitis, pneumonia and consumption.
BY THE NEW METHOD.
COUGHS CURED
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ocuiarmm
Has "a professional frame fit-
ter" for whose expert services
in adjusting or fitting eye- '
glasses and spectacles there Is .
abso!utely no charge.
t/642 Market Si\/
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St Louis.
Personally conducted excursions rla tbla
route to Chicago. New York.. Boston and all
Ktetern point*. For berth reservation and full
Information address
L. M. FLETCHER.
Pacific Coast Asent,
126 California St.. San Francisco. CaL
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF AKATOMY^
\ Cy^ TbeLanrestAsateauealMusnuBiaHie \
M -e^w ¦World. Wetkuua or uiy contacted Q
L VcZT^n * s * ise r M "'"l7«r«4l)j tie oldest f
A tif^l OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ t@£&B Cornultition free «nd strictJjr priTite. \
II U«rR Treatment personally or by letter. AM
\ I ff TIB f—i*** Our* is erery case nndertak en. T
BrS 11 ff
W * II I '» HtBBMCE, MAILED FREE. { A. W
A (i u- valuable book for mm) \
r OS. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.S. F. Y
TO THE PUBLIC.
.^flSRHk. ' have been wonder-
/SS^S&\ fully cured of fits and of
&&? 1£ *& hip trouble by the fa-
iji**? Y mous herb doctor. Wonr
Him. ot 115-117 Mason
27 ft *t-. S- V. I was nearly
' %a££^ / dead when I came to
rtljfim' / bl°> snd the fits I had
.Jjpg^a— /^__ »*re dreadful, but I am
JttSr^ir J^^w eni^ylos perfect health
Qt the wonderful cure*
1 be ba« made for me.
I came from Meridian. Sutter County, Cal.,
to Dr. Wong Hira and he has cured me ot all
my ailment*. MKS. CHAS. E. DOTT.
Meridian. Sutter County, CaL
January 21. 1902.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. «. 1900.— To whom
It may concern: This ls to certify that DR
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason st., San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
in every sense of the word, and an honorable
man ln all bis dealings. DR. C Jl. GAY.
Dentist. 902 Second ave.. Seattle. Wash.
December 15. 1900.— This is to certify that I
was 6Ufferlnjr for fifteen years from Brlght's
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
bide. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. That
flx"monthe ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
11&-117 Mason St.. San Francisco, and now
alter six month? of his treatment I an entirely
cured and ln perfect health. I write this ln my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him and that other
cufferers .may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this in person to any one that may
taU upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN ALLANSON.
Orchard ave.. Elmhuirt. Alameda County. CaL
•« >#9QfekiV» w BJ e O ii » not-pdjenGTi*
Jr4&*BSmW*2Jl remedy for Gonorrhoea.
<?lwt. Spermatorrhoea,
Mmr CURES Whites, nnnatursl dis-
[js*i! in 1 to & tij*. \l charges, or any inflammi-
fTS" Goir»rM*a i» ** tion, irritation or nlcera-
lr'ri r** Prrrrpt nnniacrn, * tion of tDHCOQI mem-
P^ THEEviHsrHFUirtfPi. brane *» Kon-astrlngent.
>te<wNV^ V.E.A. j&k by exprees, prepaid, for
n -°°' or 3 w>ttles. I2.7S.
23 « Circular tent on recueet.
TJ D TT Q II I? O FOR BARBERS. BAK-
*£)llUOill!iU ers. bootblacks, bath-
: houses, blllard Ubles.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
tfyere, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
ber.gerr. printers, painters. . eboe factories.
«tablemc-n, tar-roof er«, tanners, tailors, etc .
LLiCttANA.V kSHOS.,
Crush Manufa^tursra, 609 Sacramo.ito St
! Every stitch and scam of these /aSBrXa&m ilm
member that these are all-wool j££aP >8r
goods — all latest styles, and well - ' - - ¦. -: WmK ' '-"- ' r CQj '*
cut and tailored. It will pay you J&l^i- WM 1X1
to buy several pairs of these >v)v^W ' J^raB H>i #Si
pants at the figures quoted. I^P Cw
All-Wool Ca*simere. J2.50. at. ..81.15 V^S VB*
All-Wool Worsted. S3.5O, at »2.4" g:^r - " tf\K
Imported Worsted, J4.00. at S2.O5 "--^55^1. '-. ¦ **• ¦'¦ \MJ
Elegant Dress Panti", *5.00. at..9.'t.l5 . .; " . •'. * fM\
Our immenFe stock of overcoats is diminishing. Such values as 101'
we here offer cannot fall to, attract buyers who are willing to save lM/'
.- several dollars on a good overcoat. . , - i, • <•• .-.. - /^
fi\ MEN'S OVERCOATS : ' < ft
\ Regular $10.00 O-vercoat«. special at L. '....... '..K6.S5 '¦ i]
I Regular $12. fWi Overcoats, special at S7.S5 El
- I . Regular flS.OO Overcoats, special at. '.V. .•.'..'..". .'..-. I., \ ...;... ; S8.95 ' fl
Regular ?20. 00 Overcoats, ; special at. ... . . . . . ; . . . .-;.• . ... .- . .89^5':" 1 1
These coats are all the latest styles, snappy In- appearance and well made.' II
' . . , MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. - - ' L]
CORtNER FIFTH AN ) MARKET STRB5TS |
f "ft-nts for CARHAfJTT' > U\l NM\r»E OV5RV.I.S V&
aiwwmwifniFiifiirflhinifBfinmmiiffw^
| THE BIGGEST |p^^ipfi|i|i|^^l|^^^^P
I Extraordinary Glove Sale -# Gpates^ Offering of|
£' 3000 Pairs HighGrade ' . : -^A Silk PettlCOatS. v 3
21 UVCVIl V» \V\V'« WWII makes Dosslble a most beneficial fj W I \l Never -were -greater, preparations A wuuum mam »'-^
VWVU I \\U\ll * {}"'/ Sate 'or ladle, in search of a senu- %JT i-> / f> | made for a sale than we have put |TB ii K
SHI \\\\U J Vllll t jU/I me bargain. No old. dried-up. #^^.¦1'* I ' ' . forth - for this one. . We shall : place -^L^ . /¦ ¦ B* ; .'Zr
g= \vV\\ ' liB Vn/f poorly made rloves. but fresh. %JCUm^# i . ' on^a^.- 300 of the most fashionable Jm .'« £L. B
•^ \v\\ VJ '*/ Etylish, reliable stock, made for V^ I and luxurious Silk., Petticoats that ijj «f I^U Z2
5^ VhV * w •"*• d I this spring. These we purchased » A paid fl V cannot be duplicated elsewhere ! under -T^I-flf • • -^
m " \ \ V II from a New York importer for less - H rHln J . \ \ •'¦ 510 50 and ?12 50 each. ; Petticoats ';'. H , -¦•,- '. "2
fc; \ \ I II than manufacturer's cost, and they now go on Bale on r , \-*Sy fl \\* made of a durable Taffeta Silk, with lt "' Jl Linh
\ I "*l / / the aame basis. They are made of a-flne rrade Prime tS^^^ / / \ a deep accordion plaited flounce; " "H - L ' inlill *"•
¦fc— \ \ I '\ / / Italian Lamb Skin, with two consolidated fasteners and %&&2%?**y 'i X^SF^S? others with double ' flounce ', and fin- ¦¦ ' " 1 "»*UII -*g
SP |\ \ I \ I fine embroidered backs— extra fine sewins and guaran- • iB^^^^Lmfi^^^^"'^ Ished with -Silk Dust Ruffle," qut - : ' , -¦ ¦¦¦¦• .". -*
•— IL> f »\ V*J teed to fit perfectly. The regular Belling: price of these ' .•T^^^WMftM^^p'' extra width and full; length. -. Skirts of the highest orderrin^
fc kds * j . iflwes ls $1 25, and they come in a variety of the fol- ¦ ¦ shades of Royal. Reseda. Pink, Light Blue, La vender. ?Em- 3S
•»-_ **-JO^ lowing: shades: Tan. Beaver. Brown. Ox-blood. White -^ erald, Cardinal and Black;a great bargain. On sale. b?gin- '.^
»f- and Black, in all sire*. On sale at — Pair ooc Q ning to-morrow at.... - : .....Each $7.45^5
g AH-Wooi i ; fi#| A GREAT RIBBON EVENT; |iljp|iiii||
\\ Satin Sh Prunella W^^^^M 4000 Yar^ s 45c Quality BROADGLOTH. g
dress goods, -jw- /^^^^S^^fe^^-^^^^ L "»berty Satin Ribban for 50 t Kind X\Rc Y •'¦'. 3
£ 91.00 Quality for 75C Yard This offer . alone should crowd our Yard
Uk, cnallUe, ar* tap^lte' to r^/ti^W^SS^X »7 }£&£* T 40^ ; Q k^ Alreadyjjpon.icd and. Shrunk. --
•^- be obtained elsewhere for the «t S\p (jM^JWi. ry^^TT^V Wb" 0 " 018 - 8 " Satin Ribbon from the lead- ~ £l£ |fl j '• '¦¦' Width 5 i Inches. --*
money. A fabrlo most fivorod for - Z^T -^LnL 1|- .UT ing Ribbon Manufacturer of America •¦¦ -^J ¦ :--a '. MAGNIFICENT* QUALITY : — *
fc a ctyiUh itmt dress; & doth and Becure d them at the lowest price YARD extra -heavy ot f fast black Urn'- \^.
of a fllky finish, a superb concession ever known. A Ribbon so YARD aO n d ye and fully 52 inches wide °^°
S= Quality; ln shades of Biscuit. Cas- f^A^ J fcSg^|ft\ VlTr^tX much ln demand now for Hats. Corsage Bows and Neck- We Mcured a limit d quantity =3
%7%«2 I1 &^K a Q&t S SSd \\ iTs^us^dn^t 1 , rib^ n> VJ Uy « B^ J nC - he8 Wlde ' a 80 " a " d much S price which we wn
7- Blue, Old Roc*. Reseda, Cadet and f'J™ J ft ¥ ' '' "t." I X^J lustrous double-faced satin finish, in shades of White offer vou tn-mormw onlv" Don't
E SS^'S'^™ TaffSS ¦ 1 aSiy L worth B !^ C*rd'«»». --¥»^ eiS miss this sa?eTy°ou wfsh' to^vaU =5
2H to-morrow at iaro 7OO ..-. v ... j ¦ . -, I iSO!s<~ , actuaii> worth 45c. On sale at Yard 2Ro vnurspif - nf - « »™i n « harimJn -^
% l20OYD8.85cBLACKPEAUDES0IEM0NDAY4rUE«DAY69cYD. CHARMINP WPW wacu rADmi^
»- Then* U some reason for our enormous Black Silk' business, advertising alone will wn MrklVI I V%\* IX SL W WAcil rAcWIvOi ZSg,
fc: aot buUd V9 SUCH A 8IL.K TRADE. Seliin* only dependable qualities that will give One of the finest displays of the choicest Wash Fabrics ever shown* ln the history !^2
sood wear ls what doe. it. Araln for to-morrow these exceptionally ireat values. of this store 1 8 on for to-morrow. Every •leadin" make and Btyle Tof both foreign and =S
fc 85C PEAU DE SOIE Extra heavy Quality, that will give good wear, very lustrous, Jj 0 ™* origin is embraced in our beautiful assortments. ' More attractive leaders on sale ~2
eCI 69O a Yard- ° f * fMt bUck dye> feU " re * uIarl J r at S 50 ?***¦ Special beginning to-morrow. . ¦ . •
g 2SnNCiTBijfcirTA^£!S^^ 25c CRASS LINEN for S^^fSwJJ^^^^^^ w?^J£5L^ ; 3
PETA 69O a Yard grand rusUlns; Taffeta. 23 Inches wide;. great value at 14o a Yard. . v - - complete dresses., The regular 25c quality Monday.. 14c yd
g- Z ..., T . ...OOcyard ¦ — — - .An entire new line roes on sale— the assortment far su- =^
m^ SALE OF ALL.S1I-K RLACIC rpnuiniiiee Mftlun . v JAPANESE CREPE, perior to the one of last week.. Every fashionable color —
r- aAUt \jr ML.u-dlL.rv tiUAVrv CKtNAulritS MONDAY »>«« i/i.j i nxs^. v ..j Is represented in the most beautiful «trtn*H. nnrt ph»r.u<> — •
We will have ready for you to-morrow morning thirty pieces of the f\ f 2OC Kind, X2^O Yard For Monday only . . . . !™! . . . ; fUl strlPes " d 12 tt 3J;
~T~ newest and moet effective etyles ln Silk Grenadines, which were ex- tj *^ ./> *~ — ""^^ :^ : rr AmoBt bewilderlne assortmpnf n t"n I'iu'1"" Sr • » —•
fc pressed to us by our New York buyer, and have Just arrived. The qual- >7 Fj ij NEW SPRINC WAlfcT- ings, a 1 "^ nYviftl" 12
»- ities and the creat variety of patterns are very exceptional, warranted pure *"' V^ i Nr e nn n Yni-H stripes and colors of tan r^»tT,t^,i materl^ ! - In novelty
fc: eilk. fully 44 inches wide and most of them are worth « 25 and *1 50 ylrd. YARD IWCS 2gO Yard. "^ a "det inl pink 'Snelikl »t Q Se " *"& Car ; 3
ZZ LADIES' SILK DRESS SKIRTS. 68-inch white orcandie, Monday BIG- SALe'^t " a riSo 3
m^ NEWEST SPRING STYLES. We offer COO yards for to-morrow's epecial sell- rtrw nn. „„. «- n T. * * '.'" V^-*- ¦ ¦ rf"l W»r9 '
nenzv, erninu o ilco. , ngr q^^^ pre^h organdie, a very sheer 29C ° C a " d 25c omt de Paris ™ d Normandy Val. Laces =3!
g*~ «An advance ehowinr - of very ewell m f\ f\f\ quality, 68 inches wide, our regular 45c make, for . ¦. As the result of a fnrinn.t Kv "». ' ¦ n- », "¦ ¦— *>
5= ruffles, and lined with the best TaffeU linlns-the best ready for use. sell regularly at 65c. Monday.... ""^V way easily Trine «0c^and Si « t U % In . the «« ular
g^- values we have presented this year at $2O .J52c each EACH only at........ f yard. On sale -to-morrow :^
; ; : : "~ country orders receive prompt attention : •"- •*••••• • 12c yard :^
I ALL-WOOL GREPEDE CHINE. jfi&+ tjfaL JfP^L !f " N SILKWAISTS ' I
2^" A most charming fabric ln the newest crln- '^mf^"^&m2r &&&< tilr i?,"' y 15( J.! n t . nla colle ction, but"what they lack
kle effect, shewn the first time to-morrow. In ' "^tern;,,,., **mr- ...... it i quan " ty ls made up in their • beauty and -5
tm- Ehades cf cadet, castor. French blue, reseda, ¦¦ ' • ¦ ¦ m SirlfA^ Kr ey^ a L e made ln the latest style of — •
•£= brown, rose, peart gray, cardinal and t»n; the «^*^W?*'V J »^g -V. 'f <JU±* ' V ' 'JSSj^Vb^^ Mark- R V ffeta Kllk - ln aI > colors and C?
S^r greatest value at 91.OO yard • , 3 day Waists worth $5, Mon- -—
2^H I i - "". ' JHwws^s^m^m^wi^^^^^ . "*'!*•*¦••••••••••••... «f>M«iiO Ciich I w^
¦amittmm»iittmmittittaimaimittmmmm7uittmSpecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— Archbishop Cor
rigan's pastoral letter is filled with praise
of his Holiness Leo XIII. - It will be read
in the churches of the diocese to-morrow.
1 olio wing is the letter In part:
"In his long, difficult and glorious pon
tificate nothing has escaped the wisdom,
energy, zeal of Leo XIIL In every part
of the world he has printed luminous and
enduring traces of his activity. Hardly
was our Holy Father chosen to preside
over the destinies of the universal church
when he inaugurated his reign by declar
ing himself a, Maecenas of art, literature
and science. A fresh impetus was given
at once to the study of the sacred scrip
ture and history. The treasures of the
Vatican library and its archives were
thrown open to the world. Scholastic
philosophy /was restored to its place of
honor and the teachings of wisdom of St.
Thomas were inculcated in all Catholic
seminaries and halls of learning. New
life and spirit pervaded every branch of
knowledge. vvSv
Influence on Family Life.
"From the field of Catholic education,
which was cultivated, fostered and pro
moted in every Quarter of the globe, l^eo
XIII penetrated into the sanctuary of
family life, threatened by the deadly de
mon of divorce. With all the dignity of
an apostle and with the polished periods
of a Cicero, his master mind, in a well
known encyclical, portrayed the beaut}
and holiness of Christian marriase as
well as the dreadful dangers Impending
over individuals and society should time
honored ideals be disfigured or destroyed.
"Again we find him employing all his
energy and the vast moral power of his
office to heal the wounds of civil society.
While specious theories aimed at the over
throw of political and social institutions,
while secret societies burrowed in the
dark against the altar and throne, while
the tide of socialism was rising higher
and higher and threatening to submerse
ancient landmarks and Christian civiliza
tion, he ceased not to impress on trie
hearts of the people a respect and obedi
ence to constituted authority, pleading
eloquently with rulers on the duty of jus
tice and gentleness, recalling to their
minds the sovereign obligation of pro
moting peace, civil order and "happiness,
and urging with as much enlightened wis
dom and sweet reasonableness principles
which alone could insure friendly har
mony and co-operation between capital
and labor. # " " —
Bare Tact and Prudence.
•The genius of Leo XIII shone forth
no less strikingly in forming and cement
ing amicable relations with the various
eovernments of Europe. By his tact his
fcpirit of prudent conciliation and his fore
right he so won his way that the Roman
Pontiff, despoiled of his temporal prince
dom and clad only in the royalty of moral
power. wa» requested in the nineteenth
century to renew the role of arbitrator
exercised so often by the Vicar of Christ
in the apes of faith.
"It is particularly gratifying to us, rev
erend dear brethren and *belo\'ed chil
dren, that the great Pontiff who has la
bored so zealously for the universal
church has nourished special love and pre T
telection for the faithful of these United
Sistes. Of this we are all witnesses. 'Ah"
exclaimed the venerable Pontiff but a few
weeks ago to Bishop Farley, 'amid my
niany trials America is my consolation.
There the church enjoys liberty. In the
tjiitea States she Is -free to build her
churches and her schools unmolested
Here in Rome I, the Vicar of Christ, am
as & slave deprived of free action. In
Ita.y, in France the church is being per
secuted by those who should defend her
uhank God for the consolation that comes
tons from free America.*
"To so glorious, go zealous and so en
lightened a Pontiff, the whole Catholic
world, as cne heart and one soul will
tenaer its tribute of reverence and af
fection on March 3. the dawn of the
twenty-fifth year of his pontificate. It is
but right and becoming that our own
populous archdiocese, which in numbers
at least leads the way in the missionary
¦world, should be second to none ln offer-
Ing to so great and loving a father a
solemn attestation of its unbounded loy
alty and unfeigned love."
Three requests are made of the clergy
end laity of the diocese, as follows: That
all receive holy communion and recite the
rosary on Sunday. March 2. for the in
tentions of the Holy Father; that the holy
sacrifice be offered on March 3, and that
the Bishops assist in a solemn- pontifical
mass followed by the Te Deum in the
cathedral and that all contribute to the
purse to be presented to the Holy Father
which shall include the Peter's pence
collection. •
Sloan May Secure a License.
LONDON. Feb. 22.-L«rd Marcus Beres
ford has written to Tod Sloan, the Amer
ican Jockey, who Is in Paris, urging him
to apply for a renewal of his English
license to ride. His lordship Bald to a. rep
resentative of the Associated Press:
"I like Sloan and will do anything I can
to help him. Many sportsmen believe he
has been eufflciently punished. As there
ere none too many good Jockeys avail
able, I hope the stewards will reinstate
him."
In •view of Lord Beresford's connection
with the King's stables and the under
standing that William C. Whitney Is de
sirous of seeing Sloan reinstated, It Is
generally expected the jockey's applica
tion will be accepted.
Impressive Services Will Be Held in
the Cathedral in Celebration of
the Anniversary of the
Pontificate. "M
Interesting Reference to the
Achievements of His
Holinesa .
Archbishop of New York
Issues a Pastoral
Letter.
LAUDS POPE
FOR WISDOM
AND ENERGY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY; FEBRUARY ; 23, 1902.
" RENO. Nov. 22, — Restrictions on meetings,
public schools, the State -University and lodges
will be raised, to-morrow, no smallpox cases
having developed in the last eight days.
P. C. Kelly, assignee of the \ Boston,
notifies this community that the- clo thins
manufactured by Brooker Bros, of New
York Is now being placed and will be on
sale this coming Thursday. A better se
lected stock of clothing: has never been
placed ¦ on sale in this city. They are
stylish, well made In clay worsted, ali
wcol cheviots* serge, single ' and double
breasted In blue and gray, worth' at least
JJ8, yet 54 65 will buy you one- of these
fine men's stilts at the opening of the as
signee sale, which will take place Thurs
day at the Boston, 773 Market street, near
Fourth. ¦ •.¦'.-•» ,--. - •
Notice to the Public
Thomas' Gordan, a laborer, .was arrested
yesterday and charged with attempted
burglary. Gordan was found in the resi
dence of August Kalnlng, an officer of the
Marine Hospital service, at 1214A Fran
cisco street, and after his departure the
arrest was made by Police Officer J. B.
Collins. Gordan entered the front door of
the 'house while the family was at sup
per, and pretending to be drunk, walked
through the hallway back to the kitchen.
There he was r discovered - and forced . to
leave .-the place," after, which the officer
was called.''.. \ " -! '
Entered a Residence.
the water supply; well* have been sunfc
and some work has been done prellmlnarj
to digging ditches. Now that Wheelci
has filed. claim to the waters of the Coy
ote he evidently Intends to revive - the
schemes of the Citizens' Water Company.
Class I, best Jellies— Mrs. A. McCooms; sec
ond, Mrs.- William Caldwell; best orange mar.
' Class H, olives and olive oil — Best pickled
olives. Dr. A. M. Coomes; second, G. Hag
mayer; third, John Field; best olive oil, J. H.
Kleiser. . iv*
Class K — Best apples, G. . B. Baer.
Class, G — Dried fruits -and nuts; best display,
dried prunes, John Turner; best display soft
shell walnuts, G. B. Baer; best display of soft
shell almonds, HI H. McKoon.
Class ¦ F— Orange clusters, largest and most
perfect cluster/Miss Lena Brush; second. Mrs.
Whitaker. r '.
Class E — Display of greatest variety of cit
rus fruits. Dr. Markell; second, G. Hagmayer;
third. Italian-Swiss Colony.
Hubbard; second, G. Hagmayer; third Mr«
Whitaker; fourth, Yordi Mercantile Company;
best Joppa, G. Hagmayer; best Valencia, late,
G. Hagmayer; best -Japanese, Mrs. W. T.
Brush; best Malta blood, W. Caldwell; bent
Villa Franca lemons, H. H. Hubbard; second.
John Field; best Lisbon lemons, E. Shelf ord;
best Pomolos, Yordi Mercantile Company; sec
ond, Dr. R. S. Markell; third A. -C. Ledger;
best citrons, Mrs./ C. Worth; best Sicily lem
ons, Mrs. Whitaker; second, J. ; Field. -i
Burnt work — Miss Annie York, Healdsburg;
first; Mr». Dan Dincen; ; stcond.
Colonel ' Mark L. McDonald and L. A.
Jordan were the judges as to >the quality
and quantity of the. fruit exhibited. Mrs.
G. J. Geary and Mrs. C. A. Wright were
the judges of the best and most- attractive
displays of fruit and the art - exhibit.
Water ¦ colors— Miss ' Lena Brush, first and
second , prizes. - Pastel painting, * Mrs. ¦ E. G.
Furber, first; Mrs. Sarah Hall, second."
Painted china— Miss Lena Brush, first; MUs
Fedelia Furber. second. • :
• Wood carving — Miss Annie Smith, first; Miss
K. Haermayer, • second. .C- ¦ . " ¦ .
Paintings - in ; oil, landscape-^MIss Lena
Brush, . second. •• Fruit design. Miss Kedella
Furber,' first and" second" prizes. Flowers, Miss
Fedella Furber.. .-.»..•
Charcoal work— Misa Lena Brush, first; Miss
Fedella Furber, second. A- special prize was
awarded to William Brush "Wilson.. ¦
malade, Mrs. S.'.R. Sample; special prize, most
effective display of citrus fruit, Miss Annie
Smith. ." - :. ' ' -
: In the art exhibit the following awards
were made: . • . .
'Class C — Most artistic display of any citrus
fruit, Italian Swiss Colony; second. Brush,."Wil
liams and Sink; third. Miss Lena Brush.
Class D — Best fruit in small quantities, twen
ty-four ' of each: Best -navel : oranges. H. H.
Best Mediterranean Sweets — H. H. Hubbard;
second, William Caldwell ; best lemons, A.
Bbarboro; second, A. C. Ledger; third, Yordi
Mercantile Company. , . *.-'-'."
Class B— Beat design • in any citrus fruit.
Miss Flora Yordi; second, E. G. Furber; third.
B. F Green & Son; fourth, Mesdames Brush
and Caldwell; fifth, William Furber; sixth, H.
J. Crocker. *- v . . - •
Class A — Best fruit In Quantities, one box or
more: Best navel oranges, H.* H.' Hubbard;
second, A. C' Ledger; third -Mrs. Whitaker;
fourth, H. J. Snyder; fifth, Cloverdale Orange
Com pany* sixth; John. Turner.
Other prizes were awarded as follows:
CLOVERDALE,' Feb. : 22.— A large
crowd from Sonoma County towns at
tended the citrus fair to-day. The weather
was pleasant and the day was thoroughly
enjoyed. The chief interest centered In
the awarding: of prizes for the best ex
hibits. The first premium for the best
design was bestowed upon the "anchor"
exhibited by the Yordi Mercantile Com
pany and designed by Miss Flora Yordi.
Second honors went to E. G. Furber's
"American eagle." The Masonic emblem
of the "square and compass" and the let
ter "G" took third prize. It was the ex
hibit of R. F. Green and was designed
by. Mrs. F. Conner. The. quaint spin
ning, wheel shown by Mrs.' W. T. Brush
and Mrs. William Caldwell took fourth
prize. William Furber's "Santos-Dumont
air ehlp" won nfth . prize, .and the sixth
prize was taken by - Henry J. Crocker's
lighthouse.
The "German grist mill," the exhibit of
the Italian-Swiss colony, took first prize
as the most artistic exhibit." It was de
signed by t Miss Annie Smith. '.'The old
mill on Sulphur Creek," exhibited by
Messrs. Brush, Sink and Williams, won
second prize, and the ."dragon fountain,*'
exhibited by Miss Lena Brush, carried
off the third honors.
Miss Annie Smith won the special prize
for the most effective design. Her scheme
was a "golden lyre."
Prizes Are Awarded at
the Clover dale Citrus. .
Fair.
JUDGES GLADDEN
THE EXHIBITORS
' i When Wheeler .organized ; the Citizens'
.Water. ¦. Company 2 he • expended x thousands
of : dollars ¦ developing _ the jwater' interests
near - Coyote * station. -^Besides •: hoping '¦ to
supply ...water to various places for domes
tic purposes,-. -Wheeler . had 'a gigantic
scheme for, irrigating the orchards in that
part of the valley. He, Had obtained hun
dreds i of i contracts from \ orohardlsts :'for
water for. irrigating, purposes at a cost ,of
$7 60>persacre,*;*"\v'r ; V ¦ ;".V-c Vi"',V-' .-.''N
¦ iWithin i the . last two [ months ; more "work
has-been done at •¦ the Fisher ¦¦ ranch , ;¦ the
scene • of Colonel ' Wheeler's • former : opera
tions.: .Experts have been : investigating
: Just : who • the owners' of the . watershed
are- has not been made' public;: but" from
the fact that they have . invested a half
million dollars they •. are . evidently r pre
pared, to, utilize the 'water for. power, or
other i purposes. ; ;: , They ,-: have • even : gone
so ; far as to have '¦ the survey ' made - for i a
large impounding dam at the convergence
of > the ; Coyote". and 1 other,: streams twelve
miles northeast ; of Gilroy: \ ¦¦¦;.::¦¦ .-¦ -.-
This is believed to be throwing the gage
of a legal battle at: the syndicate that re
cently obtained possession of the Coyote
watershed through r the : transfer of lands
to Alexander Morrison of San Francisco.
- SANJO^J. Feb. 22.— The waters of the
Coyote Creek are likely Uo form '.the basis
of t a big- lawsuit ;¦ between : | rival , :water
syndicates.;: Several weeks ago one syndi
cate, purchased thousands of acres of land
in the vicinity of Gilroy Hot Springs and
obtained- control" of the watershed of the
Coyote." Yesterday Colonel E.G. 1 Wheeler
of San Francisco,- who four years ago in
corporated : the Citizens' Water Company
and : did *_• some -- preliminary . work at the
Fisher ranch, "twelve miles south of this
city,- posted ¦ notices ¦ claiming the creek's
water rights. -In: this notice, which was
filed with the County* Recorder, late last
evening,; ; it . is - asserted ' that Colonel
Wheeler 1 claims 100,000 • cubic ¦ Inches of the
flood waters and 100,000 cubic inches of the
natural flow, of Coyote Creek,' the purpose
being; to; divert the water to the Laguna
Seca' ranch. * V
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dispute Over the Water
Righ ts of Coyote
TWO SYNDICATES
ABOUT TO CLASH
21
-H™' H .?^f r ' Indl »o«>oll«. wrlte«: "The
sSS 07 J, 1 ™w Bt •" aa operation costing:
1222. "£ d T^ ttJ £_ chanc * to «urvlve. I chose
J*yramia Pile Cure and one 60-cent box made
me BounU . esiA weU." All inigglet* Bell It.
It never fail* to cure «bt form of Piles; try
It. Book on nllem, cauee and cure. fr«e by
«miL Pyramid Drue. Co., Marshall, Mich.
i Men's Hosiery m '^——\- ' Aiai " aiifflWto ' ' at w^ v-->p~—| § nee f Sf Spreads, etc 5
jf Some of the new drop stitch and lace effects for New Premiere ~-'^n J ' ¦ . §£_[/ ' '¦ ' Wm*' ' . €^ Free demon- * We keep none of the common qualities of %
*[ spring and summer in men's fancy Hosiery, K ; d Q )oves : ust -*^0 £\*r <if&^r^ ; ¦ :: !• W ff ' ' stration of S &W. sheets. We believe that it pays to buy good- .J
Jl . pla : n blue and blue *nd black grounds, with - _ ' -^FTrjf ¦¦' jf*± #>>< ff JT fta >V M-B'W & 19f .^ a. mmb ,« S Xr wearing bedding. Although mill prices have ad- «
% 'polka dot, that- would be good value at a 5 e °P en > f /"'"" J JfSf €^ Mx/^SM/M^ ff^W^^Y M M ffl B^iff Asparagus, S. & to . morrow>s offcr: g
If per pair, are marked for to-mor- Uon of fit and . J& Mf M 3 s * MK (> 7 i¥ fflM 1 W7, 3& M JSf if M &£$ W ' Plnea PP 1= » ioo dozen Bleached Single Bed Shoots. *
J. row •;. .... MMC finish; all of die T&gmggBar MT M Jffl S M J&ffiLsffl 7&VsyM^^(/W^J Keek's Gelatine, size 54x90 inches, each 34 O <*
I Men's Neckwear. £*£*£ J CAL % , FORNI *. S LARGEST- 1 ¦ M — n^ "Tt^fi iJ pj*oZ I
i A Monday SatG. P a1 '- • • • • ( OMLIfUttrMIA O L-M»VaC^ I - ;»5 and Shredded CaBOS, K*l6 inches, each .. 12%O h
K A large lot of 15c four-in-hands, pretty bows, %&B.5Q ( — . ,- rm »oM»^JI l lk^j^gM^^ - ' Codfish, Robert's Marseilhs Bed Spreads - Full size, heavy figure, >
J. bat tes and a few tecks, in nobby, up-to- Emprest ' Kid 11 |M|"I| WIIJlliiHIfflia^iPlr^^^^^^^n m n r-~n l<^ fl "-* f* D A M IMT CT CTOn F Cream of Choco- "tin finish; instead of 3 1. 75 g»f 9 o «*
% date patterns, on the 'sales tables to-morrow r * " f •^"ijHP^'^Ml A Wl ER1 C A S G R ANUEST.STQ R t.. . each, Monday only .... §1.23 S
X and don't miss the chance, each. . _ Gloves-The best -jg . - -"Zg^W^"^ ,.'¦ _ ., . ¦ - • '« e ' etc -' ln Fine ComforterJ-Good silkolinc covering, %
* t7C 'xliei' gloves made . _. , . - V At .-t, - „ . - , , , .- «. ? D • j£ ' Grocery Depart- h worsted border, large size, m m _ X
*f * * • '_U__l_U_/_* to'ieiifbr'^f. Everything to eat, drink or use in your home at Department' iStore Prices. If you ment. b«t cotton fining, «ch! . . $1.15 *
5 m ~*t: n d uritsr*** **-** — — -— - care 'about getting the best and the most possible^ for your money, •"•you should trade here. " white Biankets-Fine California wool, for J
f? U^^^jThe. :P rices that we quote^resufficient-no'fuFther argument is necessary. •;.. ' _u__- tS^ft&X. $3.35 \ \
K' The very newest effects, same styles as the new - ; ; . ; •-.- '"¦} jm ':j0^~- jt HF& •'*' U*k ' ¦ '¦' '¦< m~ B*B» ' ' ' * ¦ L-*« m •¦> - __ —^^ _ : »J
t gl^li^p^l ; A Great Dress Goods Bargain. Lad.es> New style g
I |/!^^ii|iffiii|i I i We place on sale to-morrow the. mos^tatlractive Dress^Goods^bargain that lias "been offered in California, so To Jf^^f^ | |
%* linen handkerchiefs, hand-em- far this year. . It consists of about 2^00 yards of fashionable Stripzd Homespuns. They are- fully 47 inches wide, ment we offer a lot of 7S dozen kce Me J
j broidered; each . j ... . . 25c strictly 3.W wool, made of high grade Australian yarn; exceHent weight, and a very desirable fabric for street and ™f e ' m tm^ new d «p»»» regular 50c *
i 75 vSS I^iS B f ; S d £dk? >lll -* !Mle - sch ° o1 suits and outing wear. We have ten different mixtures in the assortment; light, medium and dark grays and An imporT ihTpme'nt'of higk-irade novel, i
J chief, all pure linen; each. . 25C btdw^njif^ / ; 'N.-' ¦^i^L'^ t Jt^JS^ t^i '¦ ¦ 1
f . These excellent fabrics were secured by us at a very low figure, so low in fact that we are enabled j^M BE& '^p-^ bow knots on inste ? 3 ' etc - These "^^s* *J
g Veiiing and Veils. to offer new, seasonable much-in-demand Dress Goods at less thin the manufacturer's price. ffiMa Jff mZ a f em ? deof ** ycT * be . st of Ue - %
ft -•"-;" . . . ' •* tpi i.-i •¦-¦¦¦-¦ i • i- i ---I i ' ¦ ' j.i ' ' • " " '••i ¦ ¦ < • - • »« " i- • . . ¦ , -¦ • Jm) BK In JW thread, two styles, per pair M
% some very new pretty desgns in Veiling, tdk They cannot be duplicated under j<c the yard; beginning Monday, your choice at ......:............... m m ...... . . . 75© and $1.00 3
* embroidered and lace braid apphqued on fine J / • r /J \ ** U/.\.jJ% cm *t .,
» quaUty of chiffon, three qualities; per yard. / , ±>teW%ndOW TH^Lv. :-•/,¦; . ~ — — X
»• .-. 5Oc, 75c, $I.OO New VoUc dc Gaze — 46 inches New Eolicnnc— 46 inches wide, New Crcpc de Paris— 48 inches - New Ta'Ietaiine—^z inches wide, MCtlS UMMCrWearm j«
f New Complexion Veils— A very large assort- wide, all wool; light weight and sil and W)I, an exquisite* light-weight wide, silk and wool," suptrb quality one of the -season's leading weaves A Monday Said.
1 WMii£™%*i>p$° WIB &£^S M «^^%*^^ vcr r pop ula r for id : and TZfrttSttZtt 5
5 New Pittern Veils — Either black or black and sirable imported weave for. fashionable have tan, reseda, msde, gobelin arjd flounced costumes, colors bleu dc . -c , r i_ _ includiue all and excellent value at the regular price, a . £
| g^|Sli«gpp£ri| lpp!'° f *« '^j^im^^^SM^M^^^^^^^^^ th"°n=w> g ;ng%nd sup:..^,, r^t^,™^^.""^' . S
2 popular numbers; each 75o at $1mOO the yard. . yard. and reseda, price $1.50 the yard, price $1.00 the yard. . GSC **j
J : : . . . \ 1 -^ : : ¦ : — «r— : — ¦ — ¦ •- -— ¦ ¦ ; \ *
i Great Sale Spachtet Goods. Boys' Spring Gfoffoing Curtain Sate for Monday. |
tf 2727 Pieces., LeSS Than import Price* , IEmtMlt*t*B%W+af*f*ii 150 pairs of $1.75 Lace Curtains, sizt 60 inches by 1% yards, two very jj
J ClOSed OUt the entire StOCk On hand Of a New York lm- > %^" U9S 'r BWM(Lf^ S " m . desirable patterns in ecru or white, a -suitable curtain for large windows in' Jj
•>* porter Of Spachtel Goods at J leSS than it actually COSt tO If you are ready to buy your boy a Spring Suitr the suits are here, ready hotels or lodging-hous?s, etc.; are offered Monday only at about a third off j|
$ import them. The designs are new *nd. charming— the goods perfect and an- { ? r y ou * . Mothers who have boys to [clothe? and who . have looked all about ' reg u!ar price; per pair $1.23 -Jj
J blemished— desirab'e in every .way. There 'are three sizes in the -f*4» town, wul be readily convinced that such good styles and qualities cannot be Ve/y Fine Lace Curtains at Oae-Quarter'on— About 7 5 pairs of Irish Point,-* ;3«
If lot, and we have marked them for special sale Monday at 42c and &2mC bou g ht c!s:wbere at the same low prices. Here are three sample vaues from Brusse!s, Fkttcnberg, Arabian, Point de Calais, and Novelty effects, all of the. 3
*• 9Wi{ See Window Display. \ the new spring stocks. best designs; the regular low prices of which range from $5.00 to $18.00 *
J; 1080 Scarfs— 20x54 in- 475 Squares— 32x32 in- 1172 Scarfs^2OX3 6 in- Doys ' Sailor Su!ls for 53.93— AU-wool Bue Cheviots or. surges, and there is the pair; to-morrow at a quarter -less.:.?' S
X ches, in 23 different ches, in .nine very ches, in 21 different fi^Ianim^^ 100 Pairs Cable Net Curtains-White and J
5 n 9 t^rn« J,,H, fnr «r^.»vl^. .nit.KU fnr A.- n * ,U »U U f nr These SUIt8 arc hands^ely braided w .th silk souuche and have embroidered shieds. j;^™^,,. netvcrvc!egintborders . ecru, plain sides with borders imitating choice j|
? patterns suitable for prettystyles suitable for desgns, suitable for' Very pretty garments for boys 3 to 10 years of age, and a great big va'.ue at Oe - per pair .......... $5.OO Battenberg effects; per pair .... S4.OO .5
J bureaus, sideboards ana table cover.*, shams or .bureau scarfs, side- the price . . . . . . . . . . ..... :;yU . . . • •.-...*. IOO Pels of Arabian Lee Curtelns — Choice 100 Lace Bed ? eta— For full size beds, jpread £
«T across the centers 'of the center of large boards ind across the Boys' Thrcc-Piccc Vest Suits for $4.95— Consisting ;of round cornered sack coats, beautiful designs, very, special value; per and ghams completf, ready for use, either J
j. large tab'cs; worth tables, worth 85c, center of large tables; sin S le breisted vests and knee pants, mtde of strict'y all-wool fabrics in blues and fancy mixtures pair. . . . $7>5Q ecra or white; per set $1.25 Jj
J 85c, $I.OO and $1. 15 JI.OO and ¦]$ 1. 1 5 Worth 75c, 85c and ...» the new ipring patterns, sizes for boys 9 to 15 years, and a top notch value .£- g . , ,.' - - ~~ ~ S
j reach, on Monday each, on Monday $,.00, on' Monday B^Sp^jSyi^^ A ShOO Safe IQB* PI* &&£§&&. \
X cholce at ¦ • 52C choice at ...... 52O cho ce at. 42O loose style with yoke, or short bo^ coat, handsome dressy spring overcoat for boys^3 ; to I % years A large shipment O Ladies' J?3. CO quality Vici Kid Lace ShoSS, new Style toes, >
I Sale 2 On Tissut* Madra* 12n : ii^^^S^^^Hi^^?i i piKnt **"' tips; *W *?"£• 'f"* '° btroduce 5
J. OiffCr SmKJttLr B M9&U& iv£ ZMi2§r£$*& S/SG. i : I our new spring stock of ladies' spring rootwear, for Monday <$^ 7jP "1!
j: One ofthc new cotton fabrics for 1902, a stylish fine Madras in raissd cord BT** fa a* a a ****** CiimmMiima only at the cxtremc'.y low price per, pair '. . *&£.£€*
V stripes, sheer weave, fully 32 inches wide, in the ! daintiest of colorings for " GBSWU^ry [ P ' UmiMUre Our New Line frr Spring-Ladies' V.ci Kid Children's Vici Kid Shoes-A new line, lace jj
$ waists, suits, etc. .They were mack to icll at' 20c the yard. As an intro- ..... B$6*r£BB0*tfnn SlhTor S -riJ^'S ' or button » t0 P» P 3^ 1 leath « ti P»
i ductory spring offering, we say, your chcice to-morrow (Monday) -^ ._KeUUGWIOn. / **? hM ™ d >««> *** *"*' *
ft only, yard B4SC J^^--^--^f Library Case— Quarter sawed go'den oak, hand-polish- the best shoes that can be — — n . «« 5 *> *\ «« price only . J
JC ' See Window Display. *" - j, .^ W%0 | ed^ size 36x54' inches, has adjustable ' ip'~* ' made for the pricej pair . . g^.OW &imW j|
J Importtd 5hter Irdia Linon— The new Batitte White Corded Piques— A really nice welt, in " ' J ' ' £& '\ ¦ she:vcs » educed from o.'oo to. .. $14,25 >»• •- r^ n^- «» S XT* " ff«
Jf . finish, width 36 inches; price, yard . 200 medium ccrd; yard ....... . 15c % .* j v- J . : yM' ¦> . Barlor Settee— Mahogany back^ upholstered with fine f|f OV^iflJf W B &&}§!& 5^ it BJ B&B$&$ £m%£G J
i Groceries— Mondavi Men's Golf Shirts S§f 'wm § I^^^^^^M^^^$!^^^i lM^t|fla|in table decorations; dainty individual salt j
I tJESE^-^^ 4^^ - music c a binct-Maho g ani Z cd birch, with • , ; ¦ dishes^tiny, clear glass bowl-shape salt dishessetin i
| ' Come. \Do you weaPS'ZB\15? U yon f. ; f$ V ' ¦.': door » S1ZC 18x40 inches; reduced to.-.. &Jm&U . ru by O r green enameled Vienna metal frame, in- shape of a rose raised on a J
If Lenox Soap— Proctor & Gamble'i famous 1 d .° y° u can select to-m u rrow from the pret- u . ¦ J ;-Tabovrcttc— Mahogany finished, new style, ,.= leaf, with a Vienna gilt salt spoon, useful' and very ornamental addition to $
Jf brand, just fit* the hand, 16 bars. . .5Uo °« l P attcrM m Go" Shirts for the coming Vj, ¦ ¦ i WZ- odd shaped, has a. lower shelf, reduced to $B.**O the tab'e, just received in time for Easter, on sale Monday *%*%^ S
* n.,.^ /- _¦ ,,. ., seasonal n anufacturer s cost. We have .if ' *'<< .-..,• TT , ' ' - • , , :¦ >.* .¦ .<- jG^i >
ttX: Best Western Corn— Sweet and choice, Mon- bought the sample line of cne of the leading j ' •- 'J 'L a Extension Table— Hand- — on.y, each . Jfc«» «*»
«f day 6 tins. . , . 55O shirtrhakers and they are all sire 15. To- ¥~~~ NT polished, quarter saWC t K "^ ' See WlttdOW DtSplay *
f Coffee— Our best Java- and Mocha, either bean morrow's special prices for the three grades Q3 k tnn with neavv -fluted lep^ and easy mnv. "^^^ _ L— . ! '. -1— ¦ j
111 JcffSeSi^' you wU l 29o ' 47 ,69o, 87c : - ng s iiL' s ize of top 45 inches square, extends - fU^ y Emporium Prices Trunks znst Bags. *
i -ImpoWed French fardines-Monday, 3 tin. Sprittff DcrhiCS. £ 'feet, , reduced from .,17.50 „ r . q || H W M | Canvas covered, waterproof painted r.t|
h 2Sa . Now Styles Aro In. to --'- r . ........ &!*=.&<* .m ¦ §\MW ¦Jiff) ¦ - „ ¦Hairciaapa, each i5e.^ trunk, with four slats on top and £
j. F«ncv Qrolma Rice-Long grain, Monday, The high taper crown stiff Hat, with Child . s FoIdinj j Bed-Large enough for two child: ' §> X ' " : no^^(5ffi.?SS'ioc «d C i 5 c. two all around body; brass Victor j
I FJcvPru'n^-Sanu'aaras'in'clb^ the h cavy ro ll brim, £ o'.d in regular rcn ; has a wire mattress, high folding' sides • Q* . Belt Buckles, oxidized and gilt, each j ock> fcll . covcrcd . top with j|
* s^kl «le Monday, box../. . !'.«B hat *' 2 - 5° more is . an d top shelf, reduced from 1 . 50 to. ................... «7, 7^ lde^ o f^ ISL^st^l^X-l 0 *' l«ge compartment for hat; 28-inch *
I >; ? Asr-«r 2 g U .-Extra white, each tin cotrTin, n0W ™dy «t" the Empornm for __ ,__ _^_i___ VMZ9 ExSa 0r S e oo| Id q U ali a ty iC lh?n Ir H^ins. ¦ rize .- $4,25 3
JS about 30 pieces, • per .dozen S2»75. ...........". .$2.35 mamm ¦¦ mm* » " . arm • : _ ¦ ¦¦¦•¦¦¦: ¦ dozen loC . , A ' _ _ ..^k—— — •"
I to .^,.-., . . . 2So The February Carpet Sale. ¦ SfflSE,^ W±$&. WM I
6 FJfrtrteiszxr <Sn*mf*is*i*2 in Fedora Hats, in either bound or raw edges, At the priCCS prevailing noW.m OUr Carpet Department, you Can COVer. a room pair 25e- : " Cabin Trunks— Wdl mounted, good locks and J
5 munu€ajr-&§9iBimM*a& an soU - m hat stores at |$ OOf hereat i2 x i3^ tcet with a 8ood wool lace Brussels Carpet lor $11.75. Dvt this is only 'tSIS' 0 ? s^suJStiS'Sch bolts; just the thing for making short trip, or jj
* LiqUOr Department. • • • • • • • • > • • • . $4.OO one Of many bargains. Here arc some examples:. . ". Fancy Needle Cases, each' Lie, 1i5c steamer traveling. Our prices for these $
I Metal Plaques 33c I^ ! ; 0 ' S**-iJ-M z^-ss.ss $
¦ fco J tJe . . •, 9Sn A large lot of imported 16-inch Metal .Plaques double weave; -handsome ¦ and-, ettec- very handsome designs can be seen Aluminum Hairpins^dozen 5c. 30-inch.,. $4,35 36-inch. . $5.85 A
iff -'-Scotch Wh'skejr-Wm. William^ Old High'- upon which choice pictures are ;lto6c*ay tive designs; Special sale in this, line;; special sale . #**»_ " stocktart °- Dra? 0 " 5c 3™*- ' S4 85 ' 38-inch. .$6.35 jj
K land Scotch, that other stores charge $ 1.25 executed in oil colors by excellent European price; per yard. ....... ¦<fi»* i ar{L* price ....... : . £*>&& and Tc- DrCSS Suit CflSC— Genuine leather with
V "^^MZIyT^r, r.sSi ¦^{.™,LL,J-,L<J i ,'T*'° ,ch«rfu! and. ffcctWcdcngn,; worth : : direct «rom ,h e : mill,; • 'feet H SS° H^ff-^ "^ C SS t 8 £»l .««•"« fc » '^ '^ k S4.^0 J
K Angelica— A A A, six years old, very choice, on real value to-morrow, each ..;. %»n*C 6oc per yard; special sale % jm mm wide; per -square yard r jm *%' . white, card 2%c . „. ai-inch. } $5. GO *4-inch. . $550 *
|P sp.cialsaleMon^gaUon'. .$1 m OS\ . SeeJTmdoW Disphv.' , B™£^^ a6-inch ...... . . $6.O Q |
yailirtWrtlWrttt •tt*W*&ytitt***l*X&**^^ TtfarA'+tt***-*** *XXX^W(WWi&&ftafaW(W4W* e 4<«««"<°4<8'i5«a 4i«1ie^'44'4'4°4««y4y4*4y4 a 4*4 a 4'4*4V4*i»
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
•ADVEBTTSEMEirrS.
MODERN SCIENCE HASTCOM-
pletely. mastered the . disease
without surrry; or delay. DO,NOT
ALLOW YOURSELF .TO * BE
BUTCHERED UNTIL YOU HAVE
INVESTIGATED. Over one ; : thou-
sand ; - cases 5 , permanently, : cured
without V a ; single „ failure, ; 500 >" of
whom live in the city of San Fran-
ciscoJ -THE . NAMES r OF_ 75 PROM-
¦. INENT.i BUSINESS 'I MEN , SENT
AS ' REFERENCE. ' Do ' riot take
my word, for it; 'but find oiit: what
they i have to say. The worst cases
wanted/ . .Wrife ¦ to-day. L^ for; further
pafticularsir V Address :'¦ RESIDENT
PHYSICIAN,^ box \ 2673. Call Offlcfc,
San Francisco. . ' • ..
CsuMeld
SBbB0 mm 8ffiF *SSP* »jj|ffl
Shields
. Seamless, . Odorless V^^- ' "¦ \
and Impervious to /gra^n^j^Ktft
Moisture. Soft as fs/f^^^^^^i
Kid. Easily washed. ISffiL^/' // 1§]
Every shield guar- W®X^^
anteed and all dam- v®k- -JV7
What Sarah Bernhardt Says of
Canfield Shields.'
of "I found your- Canfield Dress
Shields excellent, :, and more durable
than any other I have used. :- -^ .
¦ .".Will you kindly forward me two dozen
to my address, Boulevard Periere/Paris
SARAH BERNHARDT
April 7th, iooi." ,
• POK SALE BT
. . " * NEWMAN & LEVIN6ON." ¦
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS CO.
LIVINGSTON BROS.
HALE BROS.
IT IS A SHAME FOR
/ANY CASE OF v
XL ES
TO BE CUTi
THE EMPORIUM.
TEE EMPORIUM.
THE EMTOBIUM.
Cured Of Piles.
I .Drags, Cabriolets, Runabouts, Sulkies, I
llVictorias, Surf ies—all kinds. If you hap- |
pen to want the best workmanship and I
smartest styles see our before I
iS Wg -"' *$ M * • 0 %9 Jji sv <)• £§ @ ig7 I a gi . 0BY GUIS A HD.
WHEN ACTORS COMPLAIN
SUCCESS IS
SURE TO FOLLOW.
•Special information; supplied 'daily to
business houses^ and. , public men by the
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's) rfio Mtmt
f ornery, street ; Telephone Main wi* *
Townsend's California. glace fruits 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jan' baa
kets.- A nice present for Eastern fr»-^
639 Market st:. Palace Hqtel building "« 3 -
Ex. strong hoartio'und candy. TownsendsV*
Cal; glace fruit SOcper lb at Townsend's.*
It is stated that Buenos Ayres j has in J.,G: P. Paz the most enterprising; journalist in - the
world. He furnishes his subscribers, not only with a newspaper, L'a Prensa, but with a free doc- '
tor, a free lawyer, a free library, a free museum and a f ree ¦ forum ; and moreover he maintains a v
free hotel for distinguished .visitors.. The showingVis gpbd> but we note with surprise the omis- ''
sion of a free vaudeville and a colored supplement; , • ! :,
Kansas has a new tfouole. : A. Mrs. Nancy>Irwine has offered a reward of $1600 to ¦ any
business man having -an income of as much -as $io;6W.wlib: could say he had been absolutely
truthful.and honest in. W
either to accept an unpleasant notoriety by bidding for the' reward^ or else ; submit 'to suspicion
that they can't make the right showing. .
- •. ; . ' ¦ . "'' ¦*"''''" ¦ - \ ¦ - .
•Andrew Garnegie ; sayshe. thinks of: having , placed^ upon his tombstone this inscription •
"Here lies a, man who knew how to get around him a great many men who were much cleverer
than he was; himself." To that inscription /there, .should: be ; added, "and :he- knew how to stt
around those clever men, and work them for all: they were- worth." ' •
MR. JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER JR. delivered an address a few- days ago to the students
of Brown University, in the course of which he discussed the trust question and con*
tributed to it/if hot new information,. at least a new simile' and 'raised it from the
dreary depths of the dismal science of political economy to the,* blooming, tablelands of
poetry. Mr. Rockefeller compared the. trust to the American Beauty rose, which he said "can be
produced in the splendor and fragrance which bring cheer to the beholders only by sacrificing
the early buds which grow up around it." ?mj0 : ¦ : •
The crushing out of the smaller industries* of the country for the purpose of producing a
'huge trust Mr. Rockefeller declared to be equally as wise as the sacrificing of many buds to the
production of a prize-winning rose. By way. of showing that his political economy is not only
poetic but moral, he said: "We might say that a man often succeeds in business by closing up
smaller firms. Oftentimes we cannot reconcile this fact. It seems to, us corxtrary to the golden
rule. Nevertheless, it is true that the corporation forces the weaker rival to go out pi business
with the result, however, that through; economy and the reduced cost of production, when the
principle really works, the decreased consumption price \ becomes a 'great -benefit to all. It is;£
therefore, the 'greatest good to the greatest numb)er." :. . -'
,'Thus/it will be seenthat in the Rockefeller code the trust is not only as sweet as the rose
but precious as the golden rule. It happens; however y ;that thegolden rule says nothing- at all about ; .
the greatest good to the i greatest number,: but, on the contrary, implies that the biggest of major
ities have no right to crush the weakest of small numbers./ In that part of: his address, therefore :
Mr. Rockefeller was manifestly weak;. His strength lies in his similes and his poetic-diction,- and
now that man academic" discourse he has given to the Standard Oil Company the title of the>-
American Beauty rose perhaps it .will. smellVswieeterfand be more lovely in ihe eyes of men.
THE ROCKEFELLER ROSE
Petersburg before the Czar, in opera, and
he presented me with a gift with his own
hands.
"But I did not have my picture in all
the American papers, therefore," the
singer quaintly said, "no one here knew
anything about it.
"But that is the best way. I am con
vinced, for a girl to study," Nordica re
sumed. "The voice is only her quarry, so
to speak, and it is a far cry from there
to the cathedral. Let her find out among
her own folks whether with a voice she
has musical feeling, a gift for languages,
courage, long patience, industry and
brains above all, and when she. has
proved her possession of these things,
then. If ever, is the time for foreign study,
but always under proper protection."
"How is a student to defend herself
from the charlatan at home?" I asked,
"for he is abroad .in the land here as
elsewhere."
"By her own intelligence," Mme. Nor
dica tersely replied, and it is easy to see
that her ethical doctrine holds a large
element of personal responsibility. "If a
girl finds that her voice thins or muffles,
that the throat Is tired with the work
given to her by her teacher, that the vo
cal apparatus is becoming less and not
more flexible to her desire, surely It ar
gues a lack of brains to continue to
study under such misguided - inspiration.
The trouble is that the student usually
has a blind confidence in her teacher, for
getting that here more than in any other
form of study it is essential that she shall
know for herself exactly what she is
doing. When the good teacher is found,
of course, the confidence cannot .be too
implicit, but even then the intelligent
pupil can help the master to an under
standing of her peculiar needs. This lazi
ness of. intellect is the commonest vice
among students; the next, the desire to
sinr an aria before a scale can be sung
properly. Let a pupil think for herself,
watch herself in every minutest effort
that she makes and be content to build
patiently, ever patiently, the solfeggi be
fore the aria, the foundation .before tho
roof and she cannot go very far wrong.
But, remember, that America Is the best
place for her always, it is the .beat coun
try anywhere." -.; < \ v . :.-. .,•
• • *
The chief event of the current musical
week will of course be the concerts of
the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, to take
place at the Metropolitan Temple on the
evenings of Wednesday, Friday and Sat
urday, art'd Saturday afternoon. It seems
that Mr. Steindorff and the directors of
the San Francisco Symphony Society
have deemed it wiser to postpone the
local symphony concert, whose date fell
on Friday next, to the Friday following,
in view of the embarrassment: of riches
in symphonic fare, and perhaps five sym
phony concerts in four days would have
been rather much of a good thing.
Following an admirable custom that ex
ists in most of the cities where symphony
concerts are regularly established there
will be a special rate given by the Chi
cago Orchestra, management to schools
and colleges where music is taught, and
the prices are popular to ¦ begin with, be
it said. The programmes are good, a
happy mixture of the purely classical and
best popular numbers, including - among
the. works new here the "1812" overture
of TschaikowEky; -'Carmen Suite," Bizet;
Volkmann 'cello concerto (A minor):
Wagner-WIlhelmJ paraphrase on "Parsi
fal" and an aria from 8. Coleridge Tay
lor's "Hiawatha's Wedding Feast." The
symphonies to be given are Mendels
sohn's "Scotch" Symphony, Tschaikow
sky's "Pathetique" Symphony, Beetho
ven's Seventh. By mphony and the "Ig
nore" Symphony of Raff, the Beethoven
and' Tschalkowsky symphonies having
been heard here but once before.
The orchestra will be assisted by Mnie.
Ragna Linne. the well-known Swedish
soprano; Jan Van Oordt, violinist; Franz
Wagner, 'cellist, and E. C. Towne, tenor.
Adolph Rosenbecker conducts and his
band numbers fifty-five men.
The Emma Nevada concert is dated for
the 3d of March, and will take place at
Metropolitan Temple. Mine. Nevada's
work is too well • known here to need
comment, but she brings with her this
time a company that promises unusually
well. Including Pablo Casals, court 'cellist
to the Queen of Spain; Moreaur a French
pianist and composer of distinction, and
Maquarre, a flautist,, who tor the last two
years has been the soloist of the.Lamou
reux and Colonne orchestras in Paris'*
and Heath Gregory, an American ' singer
of repute. A highly, interesting and ex
ceptional programme will be given bv
this notable concert .organization, alto
gether one of the best that has .come to
these far shores. -•„'.¦*.-
* ¦ — -*
GIL BLAS, in his scampish and
delightful youth, set out ¦ one
day to be an actor. With
quaint simplicity . Le Sage's
lusty' adventurer tells' of ' his
disillusionment among the actor : folk ¦ he
thought so fine and of the manner of hW
coming to see ..neir imperfections. Says
he: ¦' . ', :,¦¦ .;_¦¦
"I not only adorned my memory with
the finest passages from the dramatic
masterpieces,- but I strove to bring my
taste to perfection, and in order to ac
complish this I listened with a greedy
attention to all that the players said. If
they praised any performance I es
teomed it, and that which met with their
disapprobation was immediately despised
by me. I thought they were/as skillful In
plays as Jewelers are In diamonds. Nev
erheless Pedro de Moya's tragedy had
great ¦ success, although • they • had prog
nosticated its failure. But even that
could not make me suspect their judg
ment, and I chose rather to believe that
the public wanted* common sense than to
doubt the company's Infallibility. I vras
assured, however, from all quarters that
those new pieces . of which - the players
had not a good opinion were usually very
much applauded, and. that, on the con
trary, those which they received with ap
probation* were | commonly hissed by the
audience. . I was told that it was a maxim,
with them to Judge badly of the works
that were presented to them, and was in
formed of a. thousand instances where
success belied ' their decisions, but all
these proofs were scarcely sufficient to
disabuse me. ¦ '
"1 shall, never forget one day. In the
first representation' of a new comedy, that
the players had pronounced cold and
tedious, and actually thought they should
not be permitted, to finish performing. In
these sentiments they performed the first
act, which met with great applause and
quite astonished, them. The second act
was played and still better received than
the first, upon which the \ actors were
confounded. 'How the devilV said Rosl
mlro, 'this comedy succeeds!' At last
they acted the third, which gave more
pleasure than the two former. 'I can't
comprehend the meaning of this!' said
Ricardo. 'We; imagined that this piece
would -not please, yet every .one Is
charmed with it!' 'Gentlemen,* said one
ol them then with great naivete, 'the rea
son is there are a thousand strokes ot
wit in the performance which we had not
observed.'" .
Quite of the sense of this . 200-year-old
wisdom Is what. Charles Francis Bryant,
the busy stage ' manager of the Alcazar
Theater, has to say of the average Thes
pian that comes under his ken. I had
wanted to know something of the ma
chinery of the cheaper stock companies,
whereby, week by week, they are enabled
to present plays ' in the very acceptable
fashion In \ which, for example, the Al
cazar presents its never-ending pro
gramme, and went to 'Mr. Bryant seek
ing the knowledge. But that is one of
the oddments of wisdom that the stage
manager picked up during his Alcazar
experiences, and is quite suggestive, it
not- strictly apropos of the mechanics of
stage presentations.
"Yes, if the actors, dislike' their parts
dislike the play.V Mr. Bryant says "Mr*
Belasco and I generally shake hands on
It, for we know we have a success In
sight - And/, contrariwise." '
"But you want td know/ something of
the getting- out of the weekly play 7, «
not?" he asked. \ for I had before pre
ferred my request- for information. Then
he added quizzically, "You will tire of the
subject sooner than I, " for ii is a hobby
with me.',' . ¦ ¦, -.'¦ . , ' f
' "Go ahead," . I reply , gracefully.
One thing , that Is ¦ a perpetual source of
amusement , to, me," Mr. Bryant be-ins
"is the popular notion of an actor'sWft'
with particular reference - to ' the ¦ actor
FAMOUS SINGER "WHO WILL
APPEAR IN THIS CITY NEXT
MONTH. .
of the stock . company. One wonders
where the public imagines the time for
the traditional little suppers and'festivi
ties comes in. We put on a new play al
most every week. That means, for one
actor alone, sometimes a matter of a
hundred typewritten pages to learn, not
to speak of all the accompanying 'busi
ness.', We give nine performances every
week, and meanwhile the rehearsals for
the. next play are going on almost every
day. The part*., upon which I frequently
work all night on Monday, are given out
on Tuesday morning: and the players are
expected to be letter perfect m them by
Thursday morning. The rehearsals last
from 10 o'clock to 2, 3 or 4 o'clock, with
an interval for a hurried luncheon, and
then for the women there Is a tiresome
interview with the dressmaker for thft
following week's costumes."- Then, final
ly, all must be back at the theater in
time for the evening's performance. Quite
frequently the gay midnight hour is de
voted to the learning of the lines and
when you come to reckon up there la
very little other time for the work. It
Is no rare thing, also, for the whole of
Sunday night until the dawning of Mon
day, to be devoted to the rehearsal of
some of the more important plays, and
as there Is a rehearsal and two perform
ances on Sunday, you will understand
why there Is no actors* rehearsal on Mon
day morning."
"He does seem to be kept bu«y," I
agree, "and what of your part in It?"
"A stage manager in his time plays
many parts." plagiarizes Mr. Bryant. "I
cast the plays, of course; choose them
sometimes; settle their order of .appear
ance; rehears© the players,. and In most
cases have to originate three-fourths of
the 'business.' Then there is scenery to
look after, and properties, and these,
when there Is not unlimited capital to go
at. mean work and plenty of it. For ex
ample, if a Gobelin tapestry room Is in
question, it is either to adapt the ever
useful'burlap or to explore the Mission
street historical furniture stores for a
substitute. Sometimes our property loft
will supply our need, with the assistance
of the busy paint pot, but there are times
when it gives out, and then Mission, street
comes in. It is quite like having to furn
ish a house once a week, besides building
the house, and in every style from Queen
Anne to Louis Qulnze. The furniture and
scenery rehearse on, Monday morning by
the way, when our electrician, stage car
penter and scene painter taka a hand.
We have a very original and clever scenic
artist, quite a young fellow, by. the way.
But the stock company is a very good
school for the actor, though it Is such
hard work." concluded Mr. - Bryant, "if
only the actor were ever built to be hap-
Ey in doing that which he finds to his
*? d to do. I saw Ernest Hastings in
Chicago lately in 'Lovers' Lane/ in which
he has made quite a success, and he said
he wished he were baa* In stock again,
for it was unspeakably tiresome playing
one part for so many months. And bo It
goes. But I do not think that you will
find many harder working folk than the
actor crowd."
STAGS MANAGER OF THE ALCA
ZAR THEATER. WHO HAS A FEW
TROUBLES OF HIS OWN.
IT has been my ill-fortune, up to the
present writing, not to have been
.able to hear lime. Nordica sing this
week. But I have had the other
pleasure of hearing our greatest
American elnger talk about her art and
I'm sure I do not know which I prefer.
Mm'e. Nordica talks as well as she sings,
with the same brilliant intelligence and
distinction, and has that to say in almost
every sentence that is of the ' first im
portance to the student of singing.
I found the singer in a very becoming
lounging robe, taking things easily after
her Wednesday night concert, not In her
famous private traveling car. but for
quietness sake at the Palace Hotel. She
was trying to rest away some of the
effects of her recent accident and had
to sing in the evening in Oakland, so I
determined to be brief in my questionings
and modest in my infringement on the
quiet the tired artist so evidently needed.
But. unfortunately for my good inten
tions and Xordlca's peace, the talk drifted
to a subject than which none is nearer
to the heart of the singrer— the American
girl student abroad— and soon the famous
Brunnhilde was flinging off the comfort
ers that covered her and throwing back
the loose silken sleeves from her strong
white arms, as if she would gather to
her Valkyr breast every poor little exile
from America, ay, and do royal battle
with a hundred Wotans for her sake.
Naturally, also, I forgot the time, as
Nordica, her eyes flashing with a gener
ous sorrow and indignation, condemned in
wholesale terms the practice of Bending
away the young American girl, alone, to
study In Europe.
"To begin with," she said, "it is wholly
unnecessary, as well as being almost al
ways a heart-breaking experience. The
girl can get everything here In America
that she can get in Europe, without leav
ing the shelter of her own home, among
her own kind and with her own friends.
It is a dangerous and cruel experiment to
throw the inexperienced girl into a so
ciety -where she Is regarded as the legiti
mate prey of every charlatan with a
solemn shingle at his door and a lively
itch for the American dollar In his hand.
And worse. It Is almost Impossible for
the European Intellect to take In the fact
that these are nice, good girls, from out
best homes, that American parents are
sending over In their unprotected thou*
sands to the Old ."World art centers. The
European parent would not dream or
sending bis daughter here under such con
ditions, and he is right, and the American
girl abroad suffers in his estimation ex
actly in proportion to his ignorance ol
our customs— which Is commonlv of the
phenomenal kind. She is In constant dan
ger of being misunderstood and taken for
that which she is not, and It cannot but
be eo In a society In which the good young
girl, unattended, is almost unknown."
"And it is all eo unnecessary," repeated
Mine. Norflica. "You can get everything
here. To be personal, I studied in Boston.
X lived with my parents and began to
learn how to sing when. I was 14, though
I bad sung all my life, of course. After
three years' steady work I tried my wings
In a little church position— the natural
thing*. Then came, at 17, a' chance to
sing with the Handel and Haydn So
ciety, when I sang for the first time my
'Messiah.' Gllmore of the famous Eng
lish band then gave me the opportunity
to elng in Europe, and at 19 I sang in St.
PERNICIOUS PARASITES.
EVERY man with a profession should either follow and practice it, or cease, assuming its
character to give him force and standing ; in interference in affair^ outside. »
, When a .lawyer abandons ihe practice of ; that profession, and, without visible
! means of support, intrudes upon the life, the affnirs and the. business of others, justir
fying. his "position by continually declaring; "I am; a lawyer. I am under the oath and obligation
of an officer of the courts judicial, and as such I am here iir pursuance of my duty to tell you
'thus saith the law,' ''he is not entitled to credence nor to the position claimed by virtue of pro
fessional character/ 7 iHe becomes a pernicious parasite upon the community, leading it astray by
counsel that professes to originate; in his sense of professional /responsibility and his knowledge of
the law. In times of popular upheaval , and feeling,, when the power of the majority is appealed
to by such men and its use is invoked for the abridgment of. rights inherent, great harm/" may
come, and has come, by ; thejnislea'ding appeals which; rest upon the false ftatement that thejlaw
warrants, permits and .grants an abuse of :. power. /Under such leadership the^ view of right and
wrong becomes distorted and men are.moyed byxourage to do things from which, they would
shrink if left. to" their own instincts and to the promptings of conscience. . \
/So, when a cleric, who makes no '..outward and visible sign beyond his frock that he is-or- !
dained, and: who has.no pulpit rior parish, nor visible means of. support; in his profession nor out
side of.it, maintains an attitude qf adviser of 'the people from/the standpoint \>f his sacred call
ing which he does not follow,. themorals of his followers become strabismatic, and an ordained
ranter fakes on the character of a parasjte. 4 , . .-'•'1 '
. Especially is harm sure to .follow when such a, man in every discussion abandons the
language of philosophy and the method fitted to a spiritual adviser, and .habitually expresses
himself coarsely, and often. in terms so vulgar that they would not be listened to if used by a lay
man. When such conduct in such a man becomes common, when , misrepresentation', exaggera
tion and falsehood are used with. a recklessness which a self-respecting layman would avoid. The
onlooking people come to associate their use with the clerical character in which the offender
masquerades, and the communion to which he avows allegiance suffers, and the Whole clerical
character in that, and in all religious associations/comes to be degraded in public esteem to* the,
ditch in which he delights to wallow. ; . , - /¦' ' v '¦ .
Harshness and. misjudgment, the assignment of a wrong motive, for a right action, 1 .. the
habit of evil speaking, the bearing of false witness against a neighbor, are not within the proper
equipment of any man who persistently claims the position and holds the attitude of/a spiritual
counselor and leader. When they come to be his permanent weaponry and. are displayed on all
occasions and their use is resorted to in the discussion of every- subject; such a man becomes a
pernicious, parasite, harmful to the community, a promoter of disorder and an eheniy of. his com
munion. By all except such as follow him blindly, deceived by his frock, he is recognized as. a
politician of the baser sort, of the brawling, coarse-minded and low variety, who sees in
not its virtue and philosophy, nor its relation to civics, but its seamy side/its opportunities for
All tnougiittul laymen accept gladly the appearance, of a cleric in public activities, ¦ if he
come to refine and not to brutalize them. When he avoids offensive reference to the religious
dogmatics in which he has been trained, but appears in the gentle spirit that is greater than dog- 1
matism .and is the universal . atmosphere of religion, as necessary, to man's Tightness of life as
the air which it resembles jn its all. enveloping office, his presence is welcome. In such character
he comes to allay passion, not to promote it ; ..,;. to speak not as the' whirlwind and the tempest
which had not the divine spirit, but as the still, small voice which touches the .heart to .a nobler
charity, to a greater /tolerance, and to that love which goes, in sympathy to the neighbor and the
stranger. Such a clerical 'character reflects a kindly light u^on the communion it represents and
raises the sacred profession in the esteem ¦ V ;r /
The members of the trinity of learned professions,. law, physic and divinity, .owe it to their
calling to never forget.its dignity and its nobility;/ Of ffie^li^^^^|fir^j[hcjffi^^|uj^
lous refinement and greatest excellence of character. Meriioak upon the holy office as 'a means
of perfecting him who? holds if, in charity, prudence, self-restraint arid a patience that never fails.
But when they find in him ungovernable passion, vulgar speech, brutal swagger, and the habit of
lying and misrepresentation; the, good mourn, for they know that the bad take license from him /
and the safeguards of society lose their force. . ' _ . .
Long tolerance of such a man finally destroys the sense of .right.and wrong in his followers
and undermines human society as far as his influence extends. Such a condition came to.be of
old when the true prophet* cried out : "The "prophets have prophesied falsely, the priests bear rule
thereby, and the people love to have it so." 'Of such parasites it was said of /'old: \"And they bend
their tongues like their bow for lies; but they are not valiant for truth upon the earth; for they
proceed from evilunto evil, and they know not me." X- 'Xfi; ' C" ..
BY BLANCHE PART1NCTON.
SAYS GIRLS SHOULDN'T
GO ABROAD
TO STUDY MUSIC.
22
. . ' '.'-¦ ¦' ¦ • • ¦ - : ¦ , ...'¦¦' ' "'
THE SAfr I'KvYa CISCO IJAIUJ^N D A Y , frE \iUVA H Y 23, l>>02.
THE, SAN FRANGISGQ GALL
JOHN D Sr'KtXKELj, Proprietor. .' , . Address Communications to W. .. . LEAKE, Managtr
SUNDAY ...:......... ...... ..;......... .V. . . : ...:...... . .FEBRUARY 23, IQ02
Publication Office..... .:..". .;. . . i . . . ...... ......... ...... . ' < *~*jf\y.<jg&, : . . ' * . . ... .'.. . ; . . ..... . . .-Market and Third.. S. F
The popularity of; the "high'ball" as a beverage: is .saidito be declining in^ the East because
of the superior : merits of a newdrink: called: the "golf ball.? Concerning : the Novelty no informa-
tion has been forthcoming/ but > it may be assumed it has a good deaf "of Scotch in it. . -
Washington by greeting every .visitor with ;-. a: hearty; Iowa ¦ handshake that nearly squeezes ; the :
fingers off: It is very cordial;'but it gives society a pang ' :^/-: : " • \
BARGAINS,
Slightly used, in all makes.. Including Stein-
way, Heine. Chlckerine.. Hailet & Davis and 50
others from $25 to $350.
HIGH GRADE NEW
Krell, Hailet & Davis. Heine. Behr Bro«.; /
Mason & Hamlln. Conover and BO others from
$150 up. Rent $3 up: Installment* $5 ap; lib-
eral allowance for old ptano*. Agents wanted
•very where. ¦ ¦¦ •HEINE PIANO CO..
• OW-. «*. Caioa a«u»«* .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
. . ¦ . .¦
I®-" 77 " PREVENTS PNEUMONIA.
It seems so simple for , any one to risk
having the Grip or Pneumonia, with per-
bape a weakened constitution forever
after, when they can positively be avoid-
, ed and prevented by the use of "SEV-
ENTY-SEVEN" ("77"). Dr. Humphrey's
Precious Specific for the cure of Grip and
C^lds. The best results are obtained by
keeping "77" handy (it fits the vest
pocket), and taking a dose at the first
; chill. or shiver. Taken early, it cuts it
thort promptly. Taken during its preva-
lence, preoccupies the system , and pre-
vents its invasion. Taken while Buffering,
relief is speedily realized, which is con-
tinued to an entire cure:* At Druggists',
25c, or mailed.
fcumphreyi* Med. Co., ei John St.. Kew York.
MaJft^kusHgHB^BSj^u^^MHMB^^B^^
E3 kJ 8S 3m Md ci^f n D
if Q B m ES fSJ Vj-Qj
Exactly the same as < offered as a bargain hr
others for $183 we will sell you for
mos.
Only 4 days more of this sale, then thoM
not sold must be stored. A new . ,
i ioiltJSteamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Isis Sails for Tacoma.
The German steamship Isis sailed yes
terday for Tacoma, where she will finish
discharging her cargo. '
The steam schooner Fulton came into
port yesterday from Astoria. She had
been 103 hours making the trip. She was
bound for San Pedro, but had to put in
here to replenish her coal supply.
Dropped In for More Coal.
The steamship Edith, after more than a
month in the hands of engineers and me
chanios, sailed yesterday for Seattle. She
has been built up into a fine-looking craft.
Her interior arrangements have been re
modeled, and . both officers' and men's
quarters are now as comfortable as up-to
date conveniences can make them. A
water ballast tank has been constructed
and will add greatly to the vessel's sea
worthiness when she is light.
Edith Once More in Commission.
The United States navy hospital steam
ship Solace will be here in a few days.
She was in Honolulu . when the Peru
sailed. She has on board a number of of
ficers bound home on leave and some
civilian passengers. She also brings a
number of sick marines. When docking
at the Pacific Mail dock at Honolulu tha
Solace ran into the wharf and tore away
a big chunk of the Mail Company's prop
erty. She was to have left Honolulu last
Monday.
Solace Will Soon Be Here.
The German ship Agnes arrived yester
day from Honolulu, which port she left
February 4. She has been outside the
heads for three days unable to get into
port on account of southeasterly gales.
She encountered an exceptionally heavy
gale February 15. Squalls were frequent
and fierce. She rolled so heavily that
with one 4urch she carried away the rack
of the main upper topsail yard. The yard
dropped to the slings and from there to
the deck, where it made a formidable im
print. The main and lower upper topsails
were also blown away, f
Agnes Beset by Many Gales.
Ships of every nationality along the wa
ter front and in the harbor were decorated
with bunting yesterday in honor of "Wash
ington's birthday. The Government vessels
in the bay were bright with fluttering
flags and the transport dock added a big
share to the color scheme of the celebra
tion, but the German steamship Luxor
made as brave a showing as any Yankee
In the port, and ships hailing, from
France, Italy and Great Britain all gave
their bunting an "airing. The Nippon
Maru, at the Pacific Mail dock, went all
the other ships just one better by having
a string of flags floating from the end of
her bowsprit. The revenue cutter McCul
loch, lying at Sausalito. was as gay as
any of them, and at noon enveloped her
self in a cloud of gunpowder smoke as her
guns snorted, forth the national salute. .
Flags in Washington's Honor.
From China and Japan— C. H. Best, L. Bosch.
L. J. Israel. H. S. Defoer, F. Guterlez, J. L.
Thompson, Mrs. J. L. Thompson, Mr. and Mrs.
F. M. Tezner, R. J. Hardoon.
From Honolulu — R. Stevenson, ' Mrs. Steven
eon, Mr. and Mrs. W. Gale. M: Campbell, R.
J. Campbell.
THE steamship Peru arrived in
port yesterday from the Orient.
She entered the heads one year,
almost to the hour/after the Rio
' de Janeiro disaster. ' She did not
bring many passengers, trans-Pacific
travel being light at this time of the year.
The steamship had a cargo, however,
which included 1131 bales of raw silk and
$20,000 in gold specie. When the Peru
left Honolulu the people in the island city
were worrying^ about the non-arrival of
the steamships China and Sierra, both of
which were delayed at this end. the Si
erra having to await British mails. Spec
ulation was rife as to the reason for the
delay, and when the Peru sailed hope was
gaining ground in Honolulu that the big
liners were playing towboat to the miss
ing: Condor. - ' " - ''\ii.'li
The Peru encountered pleasant weather
most of the way across the Pacific, me
Peru will not go to China, on her next
trip. She has been selected to inaugurate
the new direct service to Manila, and will
clear for that port. She will go on the
drydock before sailing, i
The Peru brought cabin passengers as
follows: \ . • . •• v .'
city front <MJsslon-street whar*) about
twenty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
The Pacific Liner Arrives ¦' From Orient With
a H-avy Cargo of Valuable Merchandise
and Few Passengers— -Ships Fly Burning
PERU WILL INAUGURATE
NEW SCHEDULE TO MANILA
TO SAIU
Belgium has 175,000 taverns and saloons
for the sale of liquor. , / :- - :
The resignations of Lieutenants Frank
E. Young and A. R. Farless of Battery
D, First Battalion of Artillery, tendered
some time since, have been accepted, and
an election to fill the vacancies will soon
be ordered. * «¦*"
The lecture delivered by Henry Payot
on "The Land of the Rising Sun" before
the First Artillery Battalion on last Fri
cay night was a very interesting one ami
was listened to with much attention by
the members of the battalion and a num
ber of Invited people. The lecture was il
lustrated with many fine stereopticon
Advices have teen received that Briga
dier General Warfield, commanding the
Second Brigade of the National Guard of
California, will soon return from Hono
lulu, where he went for the benefit of his
health.
Return — Resignations Have,
Been Accepted.
Erigadier General Warfield Will Soon
NOTES OF UTTEBEST
TO STATE GUARDSMEN
The Marion Is to be thoroughly over
hauled and made" as bright as paint, var
nish and soap and water can make her. ¦
Cap^in Eisen, adjutant of the battalion,
views of the Orient thrown on canvas by
The following appointments in the Fifth
Infantry Regiment are announced: Ser
geant Charlec 8. Beach, to be first ser
geant of Company B; Corporal J. 8.
Clark, to be •ergeant. and Private W. H.
Mathewson, to be musician of Company F.
Eighteen men have been since the pre
vious report discharged from the Fifth
Infantry— eight on account of removal,
six for the good of the service, three by
a two-thirds vote and one on account of
disability.
The death of Captain C. W. Ajree, late
of the Seventh Infantry, occurred at St.
Albans, Mo., recently. He was a sufferer
for many years with tuberculo'sis.
There have been thirty-five enlistments
in the first division of the naval militia
since the first of the year. The members
of this division are now being instructed
In the school of the company in ship and
street drill.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast '• and ¦ Geodetic . Survey—
. Times and Heights of High and ..Low
waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official . au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE— Th* lujfb, and tow water* occur at
Sun, Moon and ; Tide.
.Tidings of the death "of Dr. John Ben
nett Bowles at Guatemala on February 3
were received by his • friends in this city
yesterday. His death • was , caused by an
explosion r of camphine. Dr. » Bowies was
tta ; sou of. Ox. ft R, Bowies ol UkiaJj.
Dr. J. B. Bowles Killed.
A; W. Allen was severely injured yes
terday In Ocean View by a bale of hay
falling • on . his head. Allen was walking
along Broad street past a wagon, from
which a load of hay was being lifted into
a ¦' loft. The rope attached to one of the
bales broke Just as he was underneath
and it fell upon him. Allen, who resides
at 671- Fulton street, telephoned to the
Emergency Hospital for an ambulance. At
the hospital Dr.. James Murphy found his
injury to be a sprain of theivertebral col
umn.
Bale of Hay Falls on Man's Head.
Walter Ayer. a piledriver, who lives In
a lodging-house at 18 East street, was
arrested yesterday by the harbor police
on a charge of burglary. The keeper of a
restaurant situated below - the , lodging
house has for some time past been miss
ing things from his kitchen. Ayer's room
was searched . yesterday, and hidden un
der- the bed was found a big stock of gro
ceries, as part of the stuff
stolen from the kitchen.
Burglarious Piledriver.
Allen Hicks and J. J. Costello. two former
soldiers, were arrested yesterday afternoon
on Pacific street by Policemen O'Brien
and Skain on the complaint of John Hart,
also a former soldier, who accused them
of robbinghim of certificates of the value
of $400., They - were locked up In "the
tanks" and, will be handed over to the
military authorities.
Hart said that he and Hicks and Cos
tello arrived from Manila a few days ago
on the transport Meads and while on the
voyage he alleged that they robbed him of
the certificates. As the offense was com
mitted on a~ Government vessel, ttte local
authorities have no power to deal with it,
so the prisoners will be tried by the au
thorities at the Presidio.
Jehu Hart Has Two Former Comrades
Arrested for Stealing His
Certificates.
CLAIMS HE WAS BOBBED
ON" TRANSPORT MEADE
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Graf
Waldertee. for Hamburg, via Cherbourg: stmr
Kalserln Maria Teresa, for Genoa; stmr Etru
ria, for Liverpool.
_Arrived Feb 22— Stmr California, from
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb ' 21— Stmr Tiger
from Portland, Or, via St Vincent. '
Sailed Feb 22— Stmr ' Vaderland. for New
York. ¦
Arrived Feb 22 — Stmr Zeeland. from New
York.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to Feb 22— Stmr
Hongkong Maru. from San Francisco, for
Hongkong.
ST VINCENT— Arrived prior to Feb 22—
Stmr Eesostrls. from San Francisco, for Ham
burg.
¦ LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 22 — Stmr Bel
genland, from Philadelphia: stmr Lucanla.
from New York; stmr Cymric, from New
NOTk.
Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Umbrla, for New York:
stmr Cevlc. for New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed Feb, 22— Stmr Pomerian.
for Boston. '
HAVRE— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr La Bretagne
for New York.
» LONDON — Sailed Feb 22— Stmr MInnehaha,
for New York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Feb 22 — Stmr Phila
delphia, from Southampton, for New York.
' ¦ AUCKLAND— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Ventura,
from Sydney. NSW. -for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG! — Sailed Feb 21 — Br ' shlD Clav
erdon. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 21— Fr bark St
Donatien, for Antwerp.
Arrived Feb 21— Br ship Celtic Monarch,
hence Sept 20, and proceeded to Ipswitch.
SWANSEA— Arrived Feb 21— Br bark Gla
nla, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Feb 21 — Jan itmr
Shinano Mara, from Seattle.
PANAMA— To sail Feb 16— Chll stmr Pa
lena, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 28— Br stmr Santiago, hence
Jan 9.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Feb' 22— Br stmr
Tartar, from Hongkong, etc.
SALINA CRUZ— Arrived Feb 20— Schr Vine,
from Acapulco. *»
Sailed Feb 21 — Schr Salvator. for Port Town
send.
Feb 14 — U S stmr Solace, from Manila, via
Guam; stmr Peru, from Yokohama. Feb 15—
Stmr China, hence Feb 7; ship Emily F Whit
ney, hence Jan 27.
ELEELE — Sailed Feb 12^ — Schr Honolpu, for
San Francisco.
MAKAWELI— Sailed Feb 11— Bark W B
Flint, for San Francisco.
and was but 30 years of age when hi*
death occurred. The deceased graduated
from the dental department of the Univer
sity of California in 1895. and went to
Gutaemala to practice shortly after he
graduated.
Cisco; schr Free Trade, for San Francisco.
- COQUILLE RIVER— Arrived Feb 22— Schr
Onward, hence Feb 5.
Sailed Feb 22 — Stmr Mandalay. for San
Francisco. ¦ ¦ .
SEATTLE-^Arrlved Feb 22— Schr Meteor,
hence Feb 18; stmr Excelsior, from Valdez.
Sailed . Feb 22— Stmr Santa Ana. for San
Francisco. . • > "
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 22 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Feb 21: schr Azalea, from San Pedro.
Sailed Feb 22 — Schr Bertha Dolbeer, for San
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Ncw
burg, from Santa Barbara: stmr Noyo, from
Fort Bragg; stmr Santa Barbara, from Santa
¥aUed Feb 22— Stmr W H Kruger, for San
Francisco: «tmr Coronado, for San Francisco.
¦ TACOMA— Arrived Feb 22— Sehr Ruth E
Godfrey, from San Pedro: schr Alvena, from
Port Blakeley; schr Golden Shore, from Hono
lulu Feb 21— Stmr Washtenaw, hence Feb 18.
Sailed Feb 22^ — Schr Forester, for San Fran
cisco; schr Philippine, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Feb 22 — U S itmr
A GRAYS n HAR C BORl-Saned Feb 21-Stmr O C
Ldndauer, for San Francisco. Feb 22— 8chr
Laura Madsen. for San Francisco; echr R W
Bartlett, for San Francisco. • -" . _
< Arrived Feb 22— Schr Peerless, hence Feb 5.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 22 — Schr Ida.
S^hnauer. for^FmncUco.^: ./, "
HONOLULU — Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Sonoma,
for San Francisco. - Feb 13 — Br stmr Mlowera,
for Victoria. Feb 14 — Bark 8 C Allen, for San
Francisco. • Feb 16 — Bark Hesper. for Fre
mantle; Chil bark Alta. for Port Townsend.,
Arrived I Feb 12 — Stmr Sonoma, from Syd
ney. I Feb 13 — Stmr Mlowera, from Sydney.
NOTE — In the ' above exposition of the tide*
the early ¦: morning tides are given In the left
hand column 'and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of ¦ the
day, except when there are bnt three tides.: as
sometimes . occurs. The heights given -are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sipn precedes the height.- and then the number
given ie subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.'
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, February 22.
Etmr Peru, Pillsbury. 28 days 5% hours
from ' Honekongr. via . Yokohama 17 -days 10
hours 39 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days 7 hour*
37 minutes.
I Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 38 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hlggins, 36 hours from R«
dondo. . '..¦•..
Stmr Fulton,- Levlnson. - 108 hours from As
toria: bound to San Pedro: put in for coal.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 19 hours from Cas
par. . , * .-.¦•., ¦ •-¦¦ -
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun, 21 days from
Honolulu. • ; ; . • :
Ger. ship Acmes, Behrens, 200 days front
Hamburg, via Honolulu 18 days.
SAILED. .
* - - Saturday, February 22. .
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
. Stmr Edith, Hall. Seattle.
Simr Point ['Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, San Pedro.
' Stmr Aberdeen, Hlgglns, Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen, - Eureka. ¦'
Ger stmr Isis, Groot, Tacoma. ¦ •
BPOKBN.
Nov 9. lat 4 N. ion 128 W— Br bark Brus
sels, hence Oct 16, for Queenstown. »/ v
Dec 10. lat 66 S, Ion 76 W— Fr bark Cam
bronne, hence Oct €, for Queenstown.
Feb 5, lat 2 N, Ion 31 W-s-Fr bark Jacques,
from Greenock, for San Francisco.
DISASTER. i
SEATTLE. Feb 22— Schr Fa,wn of Victoria
reported total wreck at Hosquiat Bluff, west
coast Vancouver Island. Crew reached shore.
Bark Thelka brought three of crew to Port
Townsend, who pulled out in canoes. —
Per Ger ship Agnes, from Honolulu, Feb' 23
Feb -4. Had succession of SE and
SW sales Feb 15 in lat 30 N. Ion 140 W;
heavy SE gale, with terrific squalls, ship roll
ing heavily. Carried away rack of upper top
sail yard, yard falling on the slings, finally
coming down on deck. Blew away main and
lower upper topsail. Have been off this port
for three days with succession of SE and SW
gales, 4 with terrific squalls.
TELEGRAPHIC.
i POINT LOBOS, Feb 22, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 16 mile B per hour.
Sailed Feb 22— Schr Gotoma, for Ban Fran-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
_ASTORIA-Sailed Feb . 22-Stmrs George W
Eldtr and Alliance, for San Francisco; bktn
Addenda, for Valparaiso; Br ships Blackbraes.
Irby and Cambrian Warrior and Ger ship Uta
for Queenstown; Br ship Hatasu, for Vladlvo^
i VENTURA— Bailed Feb 21— Stmr George
Loomls, for San Francisco? wrge
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 22— Br
stmr Wyefleld. from Comox. '
_ CASPAR— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Redwood
City, from Boweni Landing.
NBAH j BAY— Passed" outward Feb 22— Br
bark Mary A Troop, from Vancouver, for
Philadelphia; Br bark Pinmore. from Tacoma
for Queenstown. •«.«•"».
PORT TOWNSKND— Arrived Feb 22— Bktn
Willie R Hume, from Valparaiso.
• Passed Inward Feb 22 — Bktn Ruth B God
frey, from San Pedro; stmr Meteor, hence Feb
luiu Seattle; 8Chr GoWen Shore . 'rom Hooo-
Arrived Feb 22— Bktn Amaranth, from Van
couver; Ger bark Thekla. from Yokohama, for
Tacoma. . .
PORT LOBOS— Passed. Feb .21— Stmr Mln
eola. from Port Los Angeles, for Nanalmo.
Feb 22— Stmr San Mateo, from Nanalmo. for
Port Los Angeles; 10:30 a m, stmr laqua from
Grays Harbor, for Hueneme; etmr Grace Doi-
Jar, from Gray* Harbor, for Ventura- stmr
Alcazar, from Port Los Angeles, for Green
wood.
BANDON — Arrived Feb 21 — Stmr Areo
hence Feb 19. ¦ ¦ '
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 21— Schr
Americana, from San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Balled Feb 22— Schr' J M
Colman, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY — Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Arcata
hence Feb 10; schr Mary E Russ, hence Jan
28; Bcbr Gem, . hence Jan 26; schr Western
Homo, hence Jan 26; schr Repeat, from Salina.
Cruz. •
Sun rises V • : ............ '.. ..:.*. .'.6:50
Sun sets ....'.......'. ..5:56
Moon rifees : . . . . .7:25, p. m.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, 'SUNDAY; ' FEBRUARY 23, 1902.
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23.
23
Bteamer.
From.
Due.
So. Portland.
G.C.Lindauer
Mandalay....
State of Cat. .
Sequoia
Phoenix
Crescent City
S. Barbara.
Pomona
Bonita ...
G. W. Elder. .
North Fork. .
Czarina
Santa" Ana. . .
Coronado
Proffreso. . . . .
Ncwburgr
Arcata
Argo
Empire
Queen
Eureka
Alliance
Washtenaw..
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa..
Curacao
Coob Bay..;.
O. Dollar
R. Dollar....
Columbia....
San Jose
Umatllla
Coptic
Alameda
Palena.... ...
Portland & Astoria
Grays Harbor... .......
Coqullle River
San Diego & Way Ports
Grays Harbor
Mendoclno City
Crescent City ...'.......
Redondo
Humboldt
Newport & Way Ports..
Portland & Astoria....
Humboldt
Seattle & Tacoma
Seattle & Tacoma ......
Grays Harbor
Seattle
San Pedro
Coos Bay & Port Orford
Coqullle River ........
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt
Portland & Way Ports.
Tacoma :
Point. Arena
San Diego & Way Ports
Mexican Porto !
San Pedro & Way Ports
Hueneme
Seattle & Hadloclc .....
Portland & Astoria ....
Panama & Way Ports..
Pugret Sound Port* ....
China & Japan ...'..'. ..
Honolulu
Valparaiso & "Way Pts.
[Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 24
Feb. 2i
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 25
Feb. 28
Feb. 2fi
Feb. 26
Feb. 2«
Feb. 20
Feb. 27
Feb. 27
Feb. 27
Feb. 28
Feb. 28
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Mar. ;<
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 5
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
I I tmmmmm
Lakme
Despatch.'.
Hyades....
Eureka
Coo* Bay..
S. Rosa...
Coronado. . .
S. Barbara.
s ¦ . -
Phoenix....
Newburg...
C. Nelson..
Nippon Mar
City Puebla
Argo. ......
Mandalay..
Pomona....
G.CLind'er
Sequoia....
State Cal...
Arcata
February 23.
Astoria & Portland. |
Seattle & Fairhaven
Honolulu & Kahului
Humboldt
San Pedro & Way.
8. Diego & Way Pts
February 24.
Grays ' Harbor ....
Grays Harbor ......
Pebmary 25.
Mendoclno City....
Grays Harbor ....
Seattle & Tacoma. .
China & Japan....
Puret Sound Ports.
February 20.
CoqulUe River
Coquille River ....
Humboldt
Grays | Harbor
Grays I Harbor ....
Ran . Diego A Way..
Coos B. & Pt. Orf 'd
--"February 27.
Portland & Way. . .
Newport & Way Pts
Humboldt
Sydney St Way. . . .
Hamburg & . Way. -
Seattle ¦ & Tacoma.'.
Astoria & Portland
February 2S. .
Grays Harbor .
Panama- & ' Way : . . .
March 2.
Seattle & Tacoma . .
Puget ' Sound I Ports.
San Diego & Way..
March 4. .-. ;
Astoria : & Portland
March 5. . '
China. A Japan....
8 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
...... Pier 20
9 am Pier 13
8 am Pier 11
0 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
8 pm Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
11 amIPler 9
* pm Pier 2
6 pmlPier ' a
1 :30 p Pier 9
...... Pier —
C pm Plw *¦ 2
» amIPier 11
12 m Pier 13
Alliance...
Bonlta.....
North ITork
fiinoma. .. .
Luxor......
Czarina.. . . .
O. W. Kldei
...... Pier —
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier • T
5 pm piir' *2
11 am Pier 2*
G. Dollar..
San Juan. .
I B pm|Pier > 2
(12 - m|PMSS
Santa Ana.
QueenJ...;.
Spokane...
10 am Pier : 2
11 am Pier 0
9 am Pier 11*
Columbia.'.
11 am Pier 24
Peru.. :'.'. i.\
!¦ pm|PMSS
dteamer.
For. ¦
Ball*.
Excelsior....-
niriro ...
City Seattle..
Cottage City.
Al-Kl........
Cooks Inlet & Way Pti.lFeb/25
Bkagway & Way Port*.! Feb. 27
Skagway & Way | Ports. Feb. 28
Bka^way & Way Ports. I Mar.:, 1
Skagway & Way Ports. | Mar. 1
U' Timel , ITimel ¦ ITJmel [Time! -¦¦*••¦
» — -I Ft. I— — ' Ft. I ! Ft. I • Ft.
*_ H w l — |L w ! _^_ |H w ! |L w ! ¦-
23 0:25 5.4 5:501 1.7112:10 ~6A 6^16 "r0.4
24 1:00 B.6 6:3n| .-I.fill2:r>6 5.1 «:68 10
25 1:35 5.3 7:30| 1.511:48 4.7 7:34 1.5
25 1:86 6.3 7:30 1.6 1:4« * 4.7 7:34 1.5
26 2:11 5.2 S:l!)l 1.5 2:40 4.4 8:12 l.f»
27 2:49 5.0 9:001 1.4 3:41 4.0 8:63-2.3
28 3:29 "4.9 10:001 '1.3 4:48 3.7 9:39 2 7
1 4:10| 4.8 11:10| 1-2 6:0.3 -3.6 10:55 2.9
Bteamer.
From.
Due.
So. Portland.
G.C.Lindauer
Mandalay....
State of Cat. .
Sequoia
Phoenix
Crescent City
S. Barbara.
Pomona
Bonita ...
G. W. Elder. .
North Fork. .
Czarina
Santa" Ana. . .
Coronado
Proffreso. . . . .
Ncwburgr
Arcata
Argo
Empire
Queen
Eureka
Alliance
Washtenaw..
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa..
Curacao
Coob Bay..;.
O. Dollar
R. Dollar....
Columbia....
San Jose
Umatllla
Coptic
Alameda
Palena.... ...
Portland & Astoria
Grays Harbor... .......
Coqullle River
San Diego & Way Ports
Grays Harbor
Mendoclno City
Crescent City ...'.......
Redondo
Humboldt
Newport & Way Ports..
Portland & Astoria....
Humboldt
Seattle & Tacoma
Seattle & Tacoma ......
Grays Harbor
Seattle
San Pedro
Coos Bay & Port Orford
Coqullle River ........
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt
Portland & Way Ports.
Tacoma :
Point. Arena
San Diego & Way Ports
Mexican Porto !
San Pedro & Way Ports
Hueneme
Seattle & Hadloclc .....
Portland & Astoria ....
Panama & Way Ports..
Pugret Sound Port* ....
China & Japan ...'..'. ..
Honolulu
Valparaiso & "Way Pts.
[Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 24
Feb. 2i
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 24
Feb. 23
Feb. 23
Feb. 25
Feb. 28
Feb. 2fi
Feb. 26
Feb. 2«
Feb. 20
Feb. 27
Feb. 27
Feb. 27
Feb. 28
Feb. 28
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Mar. 1
Mar. ;<
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 5
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
I I tmmmmm
Lakme
Despatch.'.
Hyades....
Eureka
Coo* Bay..
S. Rosa...
Coronado. . .
S. Barbara.
s ¦ . -
Phoenix....
Newburg...
C. Nelson..
Nippon Mar
City Puebla
Argo. ......
Mandalay..
Pomona....
G.CLind'er
Sequoia....
State Cal...
Arcata
February 23.
Astoria & Portland. |
Seattle & Fairhaven
Honolulu & Kahului
Humboldt
San Pedro & Way.
8. Diego & Way Pts
February 24.
Grays ' Harbor ....
Grays Harbor ......
Pebmary 25.
Mendoclno City....
Grays Harbor ....
Seattle & Tacoma. .
China & Japan....
Puret Sound Ports.
February 20.
CoqulUe River
Coquille River ....
Humboldt
Grays | Harbor
Grays I Harbor ....
Ran . Diego A Way..
Coos B. & Pt. Orf 'd
--"February 27.
Portland & Way. . .
Newport & Way Pts
Humboldt
Sydney St Way. . . .
Hamburg & . Way. -
Seattle ¦ & Tacoma.'.
Astoria & Portland
February 2S. .
Grays Harbor .
Panama- & ' Way : . . .
March 2.
Seattle & Tacoma . .
Puget ' Sound I Ports.
San Diego & Way..
March 4. .-. ;
Astoria : & Portland
March 5. . '
China. A Japan....
8 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
...... Pier 20
9 am Pier 13
8 am Pier 11
0 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
8 pm Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
11 amIPler 9
* pm Pier 2
6 pmlPier ' a
1 :30 p Pier 9
...... Pier —
C pm Plw *¦ 2
» amIPier 11
12 m Pier 13
Alliance...
Bonlta.....
North ITork
fiinoma. .. .
Luxor......
Czarina.. . . .
O. W. Kldei
...... Pier —
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier • T
5 pm piir' *2
11 am Pier 2*
G. Dollar..
San Juan. .
I B pm|Pier > 2
(12 - m|PMSS
Santa Ana.
QueenJ...;.
Spokane...
10 am Pier : 2
11 am Pier 0
9 am Pier 11*
Columbia.'.
11 am Pier 24
Peru.. :'.'. i.\
!¦ pm|PMSS
dteamer.
For. ¦
Ball*.
Excelsior....-
niriro ...
City Seattle..
Cottage City.
Al-Kl........
Cooks Inlet & Way Pti.lFeb/25
Bkagway & Way Port*.! Feb. 27
Skagway & Way | Ports. Feb. 28
Bka^way & Way Ports. I Mar.:, 1
Skagway & Way Ports. | Mar. 1
U' Timel , ITimel ¦ ITJmel [Time! -¦¦*••¦
» — -I Ft. I— — ' Ft. I ! Ft. I • Ft.
*_ H w l — |L w ! _^_ |H w ! |L w ! ¦-
23 0:25 5.4 5:501 1.7112:10 ~6A 6^16 "r0.4
24 1:00 B.6 6:3n| .-I.fill2:r>6 5.1 «:68 10
25 1:35 5.3 7:30| 1.511:48 4.7 7:34 1.5
25 1:86 6.3 7:30 1.6 1:4« * 4.7 7:34 1.5
26 2:11 5.2 S:l!)l 1.5 2:40 4.4 8:12 l.f»
27 2:49 5.0 9:001 1.4 3:41 4.0 8:63-2.3
28 3:29 "4.9 10:001 '1.3 4:48 3.7 9:39 2 7
1 4:10| 4.8 11:10| 1-2 6:0.3 -3.6 10:55 2.9
IT PAYS TO Trf_4Di IN THE MfSSLON.
ALL ARTICLES MARKlD IN PLAIN FIGURES.
Three Surplus Stocks of Fine Furniture."
Two Surplus Stocks o'f Drapery Goods.
One Surplus Stock of Rugs... .....'...
Pjgl THE"DANNER" •
Ci|jii SECTIONAL BOOKCASES
MfFJF&Jfflfi^V Thousands of them are being sold— are taking the place
ii]Mf | . ' of a11 other Sectional Bookcases.
§g^fi CALL AND SEE THEM.
CO., Agents.
Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets.
SOLID MAH0G4NY BUFFET
SIDEBOARDS.
$22.50.
Uiual Price $30.00.
A Solid Oak Buffet Sideboard, of neat
design, highly polished, is 4 feet 7 inches
high ana 4 feet long, with a 12x40-inch
French bevel mirror— reg- ti> r» /\
ular price $30.00 ' - " sale !K" Z / . 3 1 1
price j+/^r^r»v^vr
COUCHES MADE IN OUR
OWN FACTORY.
$12.50.
•?Our Own Reliable Make."
This handsome Couch, covered in
French tapestry, large assortment of
colors; frame is rich grolden oak or
birch, mahogany finish; Is {£ f ETsTfc
exceptional value for
¦•••• .
RUGS AND CARPETS.
Brom'ey's Reversible Rug«.
Size 12x9......?10.00/Slze 10.6x7^....?7JiO
Size 9x6 33.25 1
Bromley's Wcol Smyrna Rugs.
Blze 12x9 $18.50 Size 60x30 in $l.f»O
glze 10.6x7.6... 13-%O Size 64x26 in 1.4O
Size 9x6 8.75 8ize 45x21 in 1.25
Size 6x3 2.85 Size 36x18 in 05c
Made -Up Carpet Rugs.
From remnants and odd pieces of car-
pets and borders. Some of the best car-
pets.
SS.-."» for 9x6 size Axminster.
S8.OO for 6x6 size Wilton Velvet
#:>.7.*> for 6:6x6 size T/ipestry Brussels.
$12,125 for 11:6x8:3 size Tapestry Brus-
sels.
$15.00 for 11x8:3 size Wilton Velvet.
$13.25 for 11x8:3 Moquette. "-'•;
Body Brussels Rugs. .
Size 12x9...... *20.O0f Size 10,6x8.3... $17.50
Axmlnster Rugs Extra Quality. *
Sise 12x8 $25.00 1 Size T2x3« in .... $4.50
Size 10.6x5.3... 22.50) Size 60x27 in 2.05
Size 86x18 in.... $1.00
ATfSTERTISlS&rENTS.
FOR SINGERS AND SPEAKERS
The New Remedy for Catarrh
Is Very Valuable.
A Grand Rapids gentleman •who represents
a prominent manufacturing concern and trav-
els through Central . and Southern Michigan
relates the following regarding the new ca-
tarrh cure. He nays :
"After suffering • from catarrh of the head,
throat and stomach for several yeara, I heard
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets quite accidentally
and like everything else I immediately bought
a package and was decidedly surprised at ¦ the
Immediate relief it afforded me and still more
to find a complete cure after several weeks'
use. , *
"I have a little son who sings In a boys'
choir in cue of our prominent churches. • and •
he , is greatly . troubled ;¦ with hoarseness and
throat weakness, and on my return home from
a trip' I gave him a few, of the tablets one
Sunday morning .when ' he > had ; complained of
hoarseness. He i was delighted with their ef-
fect, ¦ removing all husklness • in a • few 1 minutes
and making the voice clear and strong. ,
¦ "As the tablets are very pleasant to • tha
taste, I had no difficulty in persuading him to
use them regularly.
. "Our- family : physician told us they were
an antiseptic preparation of undoubted merit
and that he himself had no hesitation- in usine
and > recommending " Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
for any form of catarrh. 1 /
i; "I have since, met many publio speakers and
profeseional.Bingers who used them constantly
A prominent Detroit lawyer told me that Stu^
art's : Catarrh -Tablets kept his throat * in fine
shape during the - most trying '. weather, and
that he: had; long since -discarded the use of
cheap 1 lozenges and < troches : on the advice ' of
his ¦ physician that they . contained : so much
tolu, potash and opium as to render their use
a danger to health." '."- -
Stuart's . Catarrh Tablets . ar* ¦¦: large - pleas
ant tasting lozenges .• composed of catarrhal
antiseptics, 1 like ; Red Gum, Blood Root, etc
and sold by druggists > everywhere at 1 SO cents
for^full treatment. ¦ - . \. , -.. , .
They act upon the blood and ¦ mucous mem-
brane 1 and \ their composition : and remarkable
success , has : won the • approval ,' of t physician*
as well ' as thousands r of sufferers from nasal
catarrh, ¦ throat : trouble* . and ' • catarrh of
stomach.'—' ¦.'-..¦.,.¦¦•¦..¦ ••-¦ ;¦-'-¦ ¦ ..,.-,-,¦ «
¦¦ A little book on treatment of catarrh mailed
free by, addressing F. ?."Stuart Co., Marshall
.lllfib.-:.-. •./.;;•,...;. ¦;.•¦;. . -. ;- T ...•;-•-'/. '•¦
.>. '; ' .. . ' : .- i .. . '
: Trial "* treatment free.. . Dr. Halpruner
gives all sufferers free' trial treatment
between*;- ij and^'4 ;¦ P.t'M. '"every,; day/: ex-
cept •, Batufdayj and - Sunday, at ' his of-
fice, 28 California sL , ¦¦ »'/,„,;„•
Is for sale at all druggists'— soc and $i
a bottle ;." the ; dollar \ size contains three
times the • quantity c .of the small • size.'
If ybuf druggist • hasn't it : ,ywe . will . send
Halpruner's hy! prepaid 1 expressage ; on
receipt' of price. ;i . ,
¦"¦:;Halpruner^Med.f Mfg. Co.; 28 Cali-
fornia st/j San \ Francisco, .Cal. ..•_
Xblpruncr>
i " Because doctors • have not cured you,
and because other medicines gave you
no v relief,'is no reason why you should
misjudge \ Halpruner's iWonderful ; Medi-
cine * and ' no . reason .{, why you should
hold any prejudice against , it ; when you
know nothing of its wonderful merits:
:. Halpruner's •;• is , different from other
medicine— it cures. ...
, Doctor Halpruncr : knows positively
that it : is curable, because he has cured
many cases of : long-standing chronic
catarrh.: ~ ,
Halpruner's . Wonderful Medicine is
so • made ; of such ingredients and just
the right way to relieve catarrh at once,
and cures chronic cases with continued
Don't you L believe it can be cured?
You certainly do not enjoy the nasti-
ness of it— the choking, hawkinsr. spit-
ting and coughing up oi phlefirtn—
nausea and the bad breath catarrh
causes. . .
Now, why don't you get cured of
"catarrh?
Whv
vv uy
do you
suiter from
caiarrns
V^ s^®M^ff Rheumatism seems ft) take a fiendish delight in torturing its
S V H^^P^^S / victims. No mode of punishment ever invented by man,
<L Y^^^^^^^t^>--^ >^yQ v or practiced by devil-possessed savage, has caused more
'¦\\sS£ bodily suffering,, such deep, racking pains, as this pitiless
mm OH^ i <^C "™^*^ disease. Rheumatism leaves in its trail distorted muscles,
' J 8 S^^pf^^ I l^K?fi crooked and misshapen joints and limbs, and the intense
ill =^=3^fe^ 1\ if T§ I P a * n an^ a £ on y endured is reflected in the haggard and
'•i lllfj^fe^^j^l [^ \ If ffc furrowed countenance of the sufferer. Rheumatism makes
ypgurr I^^^^^^J^^rK" 1^ us grow old and decrepid before enr* time, and many an
one in the full vigor of manhood has been suddenly
stricken by this ruthless disease, and* made almost as helpless and dependent as an infant.
' Chained to the invalid's chair or hobbling about on crutches, and continually tormented
with pain, the patient in desperation resorts to the use of opiates, which deaden the pain but
leadto ruinous habits. There. is no disease so aggressive and stubborn as Rheumatism
after it weil intrenched or fixed in the system, and no liniment or other external
-•application can check it or do any permanent good. Rheumatism is not due to outside
influences or causes, but is a constitutional disease, an internal inflammation produced by a
too acid condition of the blood. Waste matter that should have been cast out of the body is
retained, fermentation takes place, Uric, Lactic and other acids form an& are absorbed into
the blood, and as it circulates through the system every repeated failures, then relief.
joint, membrane, tissue and nerve is saturated with Mr> Wm> L> HI^ of Win8tont N# Om at ent
these corrosive, irritating acids : when exposure to cold time a traveling Miesmaa and wen known
_., , ' i, r • -i« ' >n -I • r in North and South Carolina and Virginia,
and damp or a spell of indigestion will bring on a nerce 8 ay»: "Two years ago my biood wai in
,, -I J.-LT i .i^Li. #«1 a « +1,^ Uanfl, !%« -ifc cii/iri^nn^cc wretched condition, and, In addition to other
attack that almost takes the breatn by its suddenness 't^uy aumenta i suffered severely from
and. severity. The parts affected become inflamed and Khoumatism. After repeated failures to
• " J i r • ' -¦¦ .. j j -r-L •' secure relief from the use of other remedies,
swollen, and every 'movement is attended witn pams i te^an s. s. s., and it acted like a charm.
-that seem to cut like a knife into the tender flesh and '£^ ll^& 1 8f 1 S if J3l Thf^th^
nerves. .After Rheumatism becomes chronic there is al- 2SSSL°?St«d C a 2r a S ny%o°od.» " ** "^
ways a soreness and weakness of the back and dull
• throbbing pains in the muscles and joints and an ever increasing stiffness of the limbs.
* This Demon of Pain attacks the old and young, the strong and the weak— no one is exempt,
"but from middle life to old age is the time when its assaults become most frequent and severe.
At this period the vital energies begin to wane, the blood grows weak and thin, and is easily
• chilled, the circulation becomes uncertain and slow and there is scarcely a moment's
freedom from pain in some part of the body: V ., j
The treatment of Rheumatism must be internal; some remedy that can reach, and
neutralize the poisonous acids and cleanse the circulation. S. S. S., a purely vegetable
medicine, acts promptly and surely in all Rheumatic cases, purifying and invigorating the
_ijr*** > Hi_ j^r%_ impoverished blood, eradicating all impurities from the
J^jbiiiiJ i^pnwi^ft irrfP**^^ s y st em, and sending a stream of rich new blood to wash out
t C^ f C.T^ & e iirritating^ particles that are causing the inflammation
and pains. In chronic cases, or those developing late in
I^N] fe^^^ 1 WJ J life, S. S. S. is especially effective; it warms and enriches
*j^*"^^- L 1 *;/ tne blood, restores nervous energy and stimulates the
failing organs, improves the appetite and digestion, and
builds up the general health, thus fortifying the' system against the tortures of Rheumatism.
Alkalies, Potash and mineral remedies have an opposite effect, destroying the delicate lining
of the stomach and often permanently impairing the constitution. S. S. S. is guaranteed
entirely vegetable, and. a specific in all Rheumatic troubles. Our Physicians will gladly
advise, without charge, all who write them about their case, and we will mail free our special
book on Rheumatism. ' "THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, G&.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMBINATION. DESKS AND
BOOKCASES.
f^lllilllli ip^*
:^S $18.50. "
L'sual Price $25.00.
This handsome Solid Oak Combination
Desk and Bookcase Is handsomely
carved and polished: has a bent glass
door and 12xl2-inch French bevel plate
mirror; stand 5 ft. 9 in. high and is 3 ft.
3 in. wide: a v very attractive piece of
furniture for library or sit- (hin C/\
ting-room— sale price -^lO.Ovl
Drapery Bargains,
The finest assortment at the low. st
prices ever offered.
50,000 yards of Drapery
FabriCS Remarkable Bargains.
SOc a yard for 51.00 Fabrics, 50 inches.
7.">c a yard for 51.50 Fabrics, 50 inches.
SI .OO a yard for $2.00 Fabrics, 50 inches.
Sl.nO a yard for 33.00 Fabrics, 50 inches
$2..*tO a yard for $5.00 Fabrics, 50 inches.
S3-OO a yard for $6.00 Fabrics, 50 inches.
Special Value —
In this sale 200 pairs of New Imitation
Renaissance Curtains. 3*6 yards long, 45
inches wide. Your choice lt> i w f\
a .. pa . 1 . r .;.v::::;:::::;:::::: 3)1.50
Brussels ard Novelties —
Renatsssnce end Arabians—
In this sale will be found also some very
remarkable bargains, such as $8.60 Brus-
sels for SjSn. and $15.00 ones for JR9. and
$S.OO Real Renaissance ones for &5. etc--
««?.<>«> -a pair tor JW.O0 Lece Curtains..
JS7.iI."» a pair for $12.50 Lace Curtains.
SS.."»O a pair for $15.00 Lace Curtains
S12.OO a pair for $30.00 Lace Curtains.
SKJ.OO a pair for $30.00 Lace Curtains.
Ruffle Curtains Fen:y Nets -
In this eale we will offer the finest pat-
terns ever made in Ruffle Curtains with
wide, full lace ruffles. Your choice at
Irish Points and Duchesse
In this sale we will sell the best you
have ever seen for the price. Some over
60 inches wide and sold as high m<£ m
$10 00 a pair; your choice at. a*()3
§ \ A *A a Pa i r t Or S -S3 'i-ace* 'curtains.
*A"Jll a pa ! r for $300 Lace Curtains.
££'AX & Pi H r l OT E 22 f* ce Curtains
ftfc?2:s£S!SS38SS&
REMNANTS 3SraL»«te
, . nants will b<»
placed on sale to-morrow. 24x24 inches un
to 2 and 3 yards by «Hnches Wid«f
before for pillows, furniture coverings.
WALK-
OVER
SHOES
FOR
•MEN
AND
WOMEN.
$3.50
LATEST SPRING STYLES.
THESE SHOES ARE STYLISH.
WELL AND HONESTLY
MADE— IN ALL THE NEW AND
PROPE SHAPES FROM ALL
THE POPULAR LEATHERS IN
VOGUE TO-DAY. YOU CAN BUY
HERE A HIGH GRADE SHOE
EQUAL IN EVERY WAY TO A
$6.00 SHOE FOR THE POPULAR
PRICE OF $3.30.
WALK-OVER
SHOE STORE
F. F.WRIGHT & SON,
924 MARKET STREET,
Opposite Emporium.
/vz^&U RF^T FOR THP BfUSTCI Q j
MJm \K W tm Otwl iVIll I Ilk DutibbV (
*^ A \. CATHARTIC
GUARANTEED CURS for all bowel trouble*, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad
blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples, ,
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow skin and dizziness- When your bowels don't move,
regularly you are sick. Constipation kills more people than all other diseases together. -It
starts chronic ailments and long years of suffering. No matter whit ails you, start taking
CASCARETS today, for you will never get well and stay well until you get your bowels
right. Take our advice, start with Cascarets today under absolute guarantee to con or
mosey refunded. The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Never sold in balk. Sample and
booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New YorU. • -' - ya .-
ADVERTISEMENTS.Mrs. Met calf," who conducts a lodging
house at : 409 Minna street, yesterday
identified the body of the man who shot
himself in the park on January 13 as
Henry Hook, a waiter, who had roomed at
her house. The dead man was positively
Identified by means of keys found on the
body. The detectives who worked on the
case were Dillon and Crockett. Hook had
been out of work for some time and was
despondent. He went out to GoMen Gate
Park early in the afternoon, shot himself
in the temple and was removed to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where he
died. ;..-r '•*
Suicide Identified.
In 1S96 there were three million people In
this country out of work. •
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— William A.
Stockley, three times Mayor of Philadel
phia, died last night In that city ot
paralysis, aged 79 years.
William A. Stockley.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., Feb. 22.— Colonel
"William H. Dickey is dead at the Michi
gan Asylum for the Insane here. He
served during the civil war and was
afterward colonel of the Twelfth United
States Infantry.
Colonel William H. Dickey.
ALTURAS, , Feb. 22.— Great indignation
was i expressed ; here v to-day among • the
better^, class "of : citizens "over, the fact that
the , committee having in . charge , the pub
lic ] masquerade ¦ given here ' last - night for
the benefit "of theifAlturas band permitted
soveral of the maskers to portray . in . cari
cature Superior Judge Harrington and the
gentlemen connected' with the prosecution
of - James ¦• 'W. :, Brown in •" -. the . Lookout
lynching case. The personation of
Judge Harrington " was particularly - of-'
, f enslve,' and • the* action of " the : committed
in -.* sanctioning :* the : appearance a
masker : on ¦ the floor,- in l such > a' costume ia
particularly > condemned .
OFFENSIVE
OF JUDGE HABBINGTON
with a fair : degree of < certainty in advance of
actual ," exploitation. It has been . . possible,
therefore, to .lay out the work systematically
and the problem has . been I one of economically
handling large masses.. These features In con
nection ¦ with the Industry render- gold mining
on the Rand a stable business proposition,- and
while the country has -had Its share of wild
cats, enough is now. known about the char
acter of . the deposits so that it. is compara
tively, easy to : secure r capital for any legiti
mate enterprise. - . . • « • -
i The twenty-flve licenses issued are still
in force and the saloons remain open, as
the decision as rendered was simply on a
petition for an injunction, to restrain the
Territorial Treasurer from Issuing more
such licenses. It is claimed, however,. that
its- declaration'. of the law-applies equally
to licenses already issued, and Judge G r ear
has directed' the attention of the Grand
Jury to the r twenty-flve saloons,, which it
is now. claimed. are selling liquor without,
licenses, the law under which the licenses
were issued having been declared invalid.
Thematter will be appealed Vfrom Judge
Estee's decision, and in the meantime the
saloons may continue in business. ;
! The home rule Republicans are now dis
cussing the indorsement of Samuel Park
er for Governor. Since they have come to
the. conclusion that Delegate -Willcox, for
whom .' they have declared before, cannot
get the place they have been . discuss'.ng
the former Republican candidate for Del
egate, and: his indorsement was talked of
at the last meeting of J the -central com
mittee/ Thercwas not a quorum present,
however,- and j no action was . taken. ¦
A -builders' exchange is : being organized
here under, the auspices of the local Mas
ter-Builders' Association. The member
ship includes " practically all of the : local
builders and members of allied trades ex
cepting the Chinese in- Honolulu. : A pub
lic meeting," which Governor Cole and oth-
er: officials { have been , invited to attend,
has ; been called for next "Wednesday to
inaugurate .the exchange, which will be
opened in good quarters centrally located.
The law In question was passed in the
days of the monarchy, and allowed issu
ance of retail licenses at the rate of |25)
to saloons that should sell no liquors ex
cept the product of- a brewery in Hono
lulu. The regular retail license is $1000 a
year, and it is only by paying this license
that any dealer can retail beers made in
the United States in Hawaii. Estee. held
that this was an unconstitutional discrim
ination against. the mainland breweries. '
HONOLULU, Feb. 22.— United States Dis
trict Judge 'Estee has rendered a decision
declaring 1 unconstitutional a Hawaiian
law : under. which twenty-flve licenses for
saloons which sell only Honolulu-made
beer have been issued and are now in
operation. . : The decision was rendered in
a suit brought by the local agents of a
half-dozen Eastern breweries, whose sales
in Hawaii have materially decreased since
a brewery was opened in Honolulu and
given the advantages j of the Hawaiian
law. ¦ r ¦a^ftjjfflUfMJffl'lIff^ H*
Hawaii.
Estee Renders Decision
Against a Law in
JUDGE SETTLES
THE BEER CASE
* The Utlca - has •' a '¦ three '. compartment ( shaft
¦vorkjng hundreds of feet deep. - • A gallows
frame 80 feet high la used to lift the many
' The Pacific Coast Miner, has an account
of the mines- of Calaveras County, In;the
course of which. Is included, the: folio wing
account of the famous Utica mine in the
Angels Camp district: , \
The. Grass Valley Union ; and Herald
says that the Reward mine* is : likely > to
become the property I of the .company . that
has bonded the California and Gold Tun
nel Company. •- ': ;.. \ '':-¦•:...'. ,.;-'.',
¦The mill on the Von Tromp mine, near Co
lumbia Is running steadily on good ore. Messrs.
Burdick 'and Riggs have bonded the McAlpine
mine near Big Oak Flat. The Maier property,
consisting of three claims with , a total length
of 3600 feet, situated on the Tuolumne River;
has been bonded to H. M. Heath of Boston/the
price being set at $13,000. .Much development
work has already been • performed. ¦ - • ;¦ -,-:?..••.
The Mother Lode Banner says:
The Redding Free Press , says that " F.
E. Ware, general manager of the Mount
Shasta Gold Mining Company, has taken
a bond on. the United copper group of
mining claims. This group is situated in
the Flat Creek mining district and con-
B:stP of seventeen claims. ' The bond is
lor $16,000. 'Mr. ."Ware also holds, with C.
D. Porter,' a bond onthe McClure group
in the Bully Hill district. The ' price
named in the last mentioned transaction
is $50,000. ¦ ' - • ;. ; , , .
Bonds Are Taken.
Mining In Siskiyou has made a substantial
advance during the y£ar 1801,' . the established
districts and their gold yields have proven that
the mines In our county, are. permanent, and
with the new prospects found and the develop
ing of the older ones that - a combination of
the increase of gold output can and ".will be
looked forward to during the coming year.
Districts as well known but from which l&ss
was • expected have made even greater ad
vances. Development ¦ has been backward by
reason of the belief that gold values were en
tirely In shallow placers which were largely
worked out. An Increase of placer gold during
the past year shows that this belief is not well
founded. One notable feature Is development
of quartz ledges throughout our county.
'. Gold mlnlnar was . considerably extended dur
ing the past year, not so much by 'entirely new
discoveries as by the opening and development
of old ones assumed -to be valueless. Perhaps
only a single mine In some , of i our ' districts
has Droved to be permanent, but ¦ that one Is
proof of more not yet discovered and developed.
Our districts that have permanent mines now
working can be safely, depended upon as con
taining more yet undiscovered and be counted
on to make a much greater showing in values
during 1902. . . ¦' ;,- -
The Scott Valley Advance says of the
prospects of mining in Siskiyou County:
Siskiyou Has Prospects.
Eastern and European papers are print
ing page advertisements of propositions
on this coast that are known to be sail
ing under false pretenses. This is a mat
ter of common knowledge. The discovery
that frauds exist and the inability of the
Eastern people to discriminate, owing to
distance from . the coast, has led to a
constant bombardment of the State Min
eralogist's otlice with queries ; about ¦ the
value of stocks, etc. This has brought
about the move that concerns all honest
miners and is calculated to be a source of
great discomfort to fakers; Mr. Aubury
says he will follow up the investigations
he is making into the real .values of min
ing and oil propositions until he is ac
quainted with them all.' '
Since the original and exclusive infor
mation was published in The Call con
cerning State Mineralogist Aubury's cam
paign to put the mining and oil fakers out
Of business in this State by having proper 7
ties examined by his representatives, the
mining papers of the State have paid con
siderable attention to the matter. Its Im
portance will make it a theme for discus
sion for some time. Important results in
favor of the legitimate miners and oil pro
ducers as distinguished from the fakers
are certain. • - •
Mineralogist's Plan to
Block Frauds Is
Approved. \
CRUSADE HELPS
HONEST MINING
?, Gold mining ; In • South -Africa is : . essentially
a low ¦'. grade proposition, i but ", to I offset i this ; is
the fact. that the; deposits are not only, widely
extended but \ they , are ¦ quite ! regular | in i their
occurrence. ¦ . . A j deposit '* can . therefor* be de
pended : upon ; to - continue ¦• moreu or - less ; regu
larly j. over,- a , comparatively • wide ". area. > while
the value of ' the , deposits ' can be ' calculated
/ Mines- and-Minerals says of mining in
the Rand, •, which is reviving: i .' ¦¦;;-.-;
Conditions in Band.
. There Is plenty of. desirable : ground in : the
main area - of mineralization, but naturally it
is - held at : a high figure and In- many cases
means deep and expensive mining. ¦ Many, min
ing men say . they i would not attempt I to start
a large enterprise : In the ~ main ; portion of • the
Leadville district • under $50,000. ,
" : But there are outside gulches and hills where
land Is. cheap and plenty? which offer some al
luring prospects to i Individuals and- companies
of comparatively ' small '. means. -
Inquiry < among -. mining men- who ;have; In
terests in the fringes of I the | county reveal the
fact . that there • are not I less than twelve»dis
tinct sections to which more or less . attention
is now being given. - c There are always;pros
pectors ..working 'here. In 'a small way, doing
assessment and digging according to their lim
ited ability. -~r But : now;, there i seems . to ¦- be .a
ploratlon, and ; the * lndlclatlons , are . favorable
for, the 'discovery, of. a few.mines this year. '
, . According to the Daily '. Mining Record,
published at Denver, • considerable pros
pecting has- recently been in progress in
the country adjoining the main ' Leadville
district. Says the Record;
Iicadville's Suburbs.
The locality of these placers- is among the
oldest known ''• portions' of 'Arizona. Forty
years [ ago the Colorado River was the main
gateway of the territory. Freight entered by
that route for, many years,- and mills are still
standing that •¦ were landed at Aubrey on that
river. The value of these placers was i known
to the miners who In early days passed "over
all the region contiguous to . the Colorado, but
the almost total absence of water in the moun
tains compelled the miners to ¦¦ pack their rich
dirt to the river, or ' to ; distant natural tanks
to be washed. Oro : Flno ; was the most . cele
brated camp of that time. There the sott
shale bedrock rises ' to ; the • surface, and ¦ when
the art of dry washing ' was learned, this rich
bedrock was the scene: of active • work, and
much of it has been washed and re washed a
score of times.
The Redding Searchlight reports that
the Coffee Creek country will have a toll
road twenty-flve miles long between Delta
and Trinity Center. The Trinity Toll
Road Company has/according to this
Etory. bought the towns! te of Delta from
the Pacific ; Improvement Company. ' ,
J. T. Pendergast writes to the Phoenix
(Ariz.) Republican an. account of the
placer fields of Yuma County. ¦ He fig
ures out that the Ochoa and Middle camps
ought to yield upward of $19,000,000 in gold
on the basis of 37,000.000 "yards of gravel
at 53 cents per yard. ; He says:
The Yreka Journal says that . the
hydraulic mines at Oro Fino and Quartz
"Valley are running at full capacity, and
there is an abundance .. of ¦- water with
which to operate the giants and hydraulic
elevators. ¦ A rich strike is reported at
Hall City on the side of the ridge oppo
site . Harrison Gulch. The vein is sup
posed to be a continuation of the Midas
ledge. . ... - : . *
The Nevada City Transcript reports
that development work Js in- progress at
the May Flower • gravel mine at Forest
Hill. The lessees of the Dardanelles mine
have begun to hydraulic. A force. of .men
has been put to work by the management
of. the Ralston Divide Gold Mining Com
pany on the Blacksmith claim.
Work of. Development.
- At this point is also' situated a . machine
shop, blacksmith shop and sawmill, where all
necessary work is quickly ¦ turned out for this
mine. The mill has CO stamps f and 24 Frue
vanners. The concentrates from this mill are
carried by a wire -rope tramway to the chlor
ination plant, 1500 feet distant, at a cost of 5
cents per ton, estimating power at $5 per
horsepower per month. The hoist, tramway
and- sawmill are run by waterpower, while
the mill, machine shop and the blowers for the
blacksmith shop "*are run by - electric power.
The hoisU mill and all the works are lighted
by electricity, but no electricity is used un
derground. The log yard Is also lighted with
electric lamrs.
Underground the work Is sd vast that one
cannot realize how many tons of ore have
been excavated. For every ton taken out t*ie
space thereby created is at once filled with
country rock taken from crosscuts run into
the foot wall or hanging: wall, in addition to
the ] heavy timbering ' necessary to ! hold the
ground up while the ore Is being taken out.
In consequence anybody visiting this mine
would be surprised to see Bach a small amount
of open space in it. - ;
tons of ore out i of the miles of underground
workings. It stands at the . upper end of
North Main "street and Is one of- the first
points of interest to catch the eye of the vis
itor to thle-town. Near: It stands the sixty
stamp mill which is used to crush the 300 tons
of ore run through the mill each /day of the
year. • ¦ - T-v.-iV •
SEATTLE. Feb. 22. — The Ottawa authorities
have given permission for the removal of the
cargo of the Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Bertha from the scene of wreck. In
British waters, [ to an American port in a
United States vessel. It is stipulated that the
poods must be moved "under customs ' super
vision."
GERMANTOWN. Feb. 22.— The preliminary
examination of "Jack" Wallace, the_murderer
of August Hascb, will take place next Thurs
day before Justice Schwenk.
The Swedish Dramatic Club, an ama
teur organization made up of members of
the Swedish colony, produced two plays
in Turn Verein Hall last night. The at
tendance was large and the audience was
grenerous Sn its applause. The following
took part: C. Shoquist, Fred Johnson,
Miss Agnes Lundgren. C. Gardelius. Fritz
v\ ahlln. Axel Alf, O. F. Svenson. Charles
La^erberg Miss Olivia C. Peterson, Fritz
\N ahlin and C. J. Larson.
Swedish Dramatic Club.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1902.
24
J^^ Preserves JS!&
C^SHgS Perfect Fruit , jfSSS^
-^ Cleantmess .^
jGngls T~. % I Jgnqs
i r * xoeri'.ncs <^*^^^
*^> Are the essentials in ~ ;
lOng'S the makino; of Purs f ( &E^ S
Preserves and arc .
reasons why •' r^*t
JSSIJ^ LONG'S PRESERVES, Jk^
JAMS AND JELLIES .
1 " 1^^- are pronounced by <=^'^^fe^
, all consumers to be '
" the1>es» • Ask for -,' .'.
* . 'Plum* :;;F!g - ' Vv ; . "*^
Raspberry - or Loganberry , . ,
All grocers sell them. '
<r£%§^ LONG SYRUP REFINING CO;, >^^
t Eighth and Brannan Sts., -
/5 M ~vt San Francisco, Cal. . /a
Jongs Jfagx
Ptone, South «6. :^^^(». :
S-M&IJQ& -? ams and f e " ies s-MOT^Q's
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
ABVEB.TISEMENTS.
W IT WILL LOOK WELL ON YOU. 1\
I THE AMEER I
/||| A hat full of dash and.becomingness. In the new /'/fcj
n|\ spring shades, rjik'l
|Va STEEL BLUE, PEARL AND BLACL I! U
\C&i Destined to become one of the Hat Hits of the season. kl trl
Jd Is the price for the Ameer in our big and popular Hat \V
Va^/L COR- KCAttNY STREET tr » V&D' I
T^^TJI UNION SOVARLAVEKUL. fXC.im
- Thelnost fetching things in plaids
>^^^^^^^^&(w in e s P r^g s^P e °^ e * Or
/^T^IITSSSK^^ toys, in otir popular Boys' Eat Depart-
¦ w/#i*^^s^^ ment * No end of ' cm * sp€CiaI Mon *
Is a name we have given to one of the t VtA^^ / d$ VmSSSm
Knee trousers, made as you see pic- il'BwfitljStoJSi^^w'
fects among 'em— a suit that will find J^jgSw^Mw^^^^Wyi W
These represent values up to $6.50. J $&sP^
! .«-'¦ -i^^^ y~^l^^m^^^\u^^mk ve giv - en to - our
I B«l&" Serge, in a
I ]Swv^SSS^V"> beautiful shade of
I ffw^S^i R\^ Hu€ » "^
: -'•"-- _)V^s^^^ii^? »' some braid treat-
* m^r^WmmB& <^ !NL-— - ment * For Kttk
' ' M /mm^ . Lanyard and Whistle witi erery suit.
W 1 Jmff\ J e 11^ wa^ 1 to to ° stron 2-
/ff%<jr^M \ ' n *^ yotJ^^ come^ on^ a 'y y° u
A 3$r\ Bfi \ S€e *^ e smartes * sprigs f^sh-
£lfer^ '\/W ll ons . t^ iat ve cyer race^ e J u "
* w /i*¥ i A venile Department of that big and
j \r\ ' poptilar Kearny-street house. The
iPiiM i styles are bewitchingly handsome —
jlr^ \ I European novelties as well as the
«; v*-^» '. production of our geniuses at home.
;. • , C ; ¦ O
f MrOCDADATEI> UNIOH OQUAI?E AVZJ,
Disorders of Men.
It certainly- can be 1 stated without fear of contradiction that
previous, to our announcement of the importance of urethral inflam-
mations and chronic prostatic affections as factor* in disorders of
men that treatment was conducted in an impracticable and unsuc-
cessful manner. Our brillianx cures and the adoption of our meth- '
ods by others is proof of its correctness.
9~ 3-^r^Z" "? ucn labor has been spent in writing
- V^/ about, though but little in investigating,
j$M \ those morbid conditions which are man-
' lUfiy 1 tested by the so-called "weaknesses" of ."
yffl/jj. \ the male. The voluminous literature of
?HF • the subject is restricted largely to a nar- .
VfLfL *^r'-*&\ ration of cases in which the chief symp- •
M^& _ . . l toms are pollutions,' prematurenes3, loss "
Vm^. • j^KL \ ?* et c; the stereotyped cause '
iWk'A^^^A ' S com P" se d in early youthful follies; .
W^I^W^^^ the routine treatment consists of the
j bromides, tonics, steel sounds and mar-
/ \^^^^n^\ r i a ge- So long as this practice pre-
• >r s^\ j*/jk. >s^ vails,, so long as what is called "weak-
Sfi i / \S$^£0zJ/Jn\ \V^ ness " * s regarded and treated as a dis-
(l 1/ r^^^^^// \c^ case rather than symptoms of the most
L~*V yn^f // v^T diverse morbid conditions, the treat-
Iv \ v wA7i /^ rnent must remain as unsatisfactory as it
, \\ \ /I *\/ f /I. * s to-day, furnishing occasionally a suc-
F. L. TALCOT i. M. D , cess, often entirely barren of good re-
atrictiy Reliable. '".'•" , siiljs, and sometimes even ascjjra^ating
9 ii • - - . . : r® materially the patient's condition.
Many Men Treated for a. Weakness Which Never Existed
of 8 ympt h oVsTno 8 w n P a!^l?fcn°o f C » sea oflost ?«*!«*. prematureness and the train
SrortSWnfSSa^d^ \ contract?, rbld 5 ondl " on9 of ««thra and
continued excitement so reac? on th» ed disorder or too often repeated and too long-
ami function l"ta4M^^° 1^ ( J e 22 ai ?th ia ™«hS B 2h l0n »«. dl » ln »»»»« vltallty
selves is quite clear and full hnt i»S2 g ?v Of th^ mOTb^ cn an^es In the organs them-
cord center are mysteries to the meSE hese ?**?&* °^. r ,f te on the nervea and 9 P Inal
may be. however, the effects ar-^r^ 1 ¦»"*•»»»<">- Whatever the morbid changre
being symptomatic of the iw. m^ ren i ln l 5 e emb , arra98ed »ufTerer; these troubles
seem, that even "Lunnrof^n;?™!?"^ and * l^ a^ morbid conditions. It
will not cure, bu^ "S^recte^ L^»^ mU . S < und £ rstand that "tomach drugging
In practice sich Is thed«I^^a.^hl Tr ap ? re P alrln K the «amawd tract wlll restO re.
the de.lred result.. ¦^^^S^V^V^^^T^^SS^ 1 * tO aCCOmPli ' h
F. L. TALCOTT, M. D;; or
Dr. Talcott -S Go., 997
fcf^i X CQIVaKEARNY 5f>8r UNION SgyARE, AVt^^^^^A/
ADVERTISEMENTS.? HE next entertalnmert to be
1 given in Odd Fellows' Ha'l un
n i der the auspices of the Grand
IV \* Lodge will be on the 28th inst.
\Z^j The Visit of the San Francis
co extension committee to* Pa-
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge." after the meet
ing on the 11th inst., had a valentine party
In Its lodgeroom which proved a perfect
success, and it was under the direction of
Vice Grand Ermy Happ. . There was a
short programme of entertainment that
Included an instrumental selection by Mrs.
S. Wollenberg; song and, dance. Miss
Anna Berkovitz; recitation, Miss Lois Un
derwood; vocal solo, Miss Ethel /VVollen
berg, and selections -by .Professor Clark
eons mandolin and guitar club, the lat
ter being the feature of the programme.
After the entertainment there was a
march and the distribution of valentines
to all.
Amity Rebekah Lodge will give a social
in the Odd Fellows' banquet hall on the
night of March 1. and the invitations sent
out have the following announcement:
"Come In your. rags, come in your tags,
but not in your velvet gowns, or you will
be fined in the usual sum; read the pro
gramme and kum.V '
Oriental Encampment visited Templar
Rebekah Lodge last night and the visitors
were entertained with that hospitality for
'which the members of that lodge are
noted. ,
Loyal Rebekah Lodge, at its Ia6t held
meeting, had work in the initiatory de
gree and the work, done in a perfect
manner, was highly complimented by a
number of visitors from lodges outside of
San Francisco. ' ¦ "¦"
Despite the unpleasant weather on the
night of the 14th inst, Welcome Hall in
the Odd Fellows' building was crowded
by friends of • San Francisco Drill Corps
who wished to take part in the Valentine
party riven by that interesting body of
the Rebek&h branch. The hall was taste-*
fully decorated with. hearts, bows and
darts, the stock In trade of Cupid. The,
feature was the distribution, of many
pretty valentines and some comic ones.
There was a pleasing programme by flrst
clasa talent and then several dances. <, It
The Bebekahs.
At the -close- of- business in California
Chapter on the 20th inst. there .was an im
promptu entertainment, ..which included, a
soprano solo by 'Georgia Hathorn; . man
dolin , , trio, ¦ Anita ;-- Ferguson, - Leontine
Price and 'Arthur Price; barytone • solo.
George B. Ferguson;' tenor solo, -William
Collins;: recitation, Cecelia Harmon;-con
tralto-solo, Grace ..-Bus-well; Southern
melodies, Alma Harder; Cakewalk, Lil
lian «.•' Bronson v and \ Matthews ::Llnsay.
Worthy Patron " P. . P, ; Ferguson was mas
ter of ceremonies in the absence of Dr.
Bertha -W. Stark." the - worthy - matron.
There Is so much: first-class talent\in this
chapter, that there- is no difficulty at any,
time to : get up an ¦; interesting ; and . high
cass programme of entertainment for the
entertainment v of. the membership and
i lull in i 'W<Q**WllWMHTOiff l *lUJTl'V<(i' 'I'LL
Gate Chapter on the 21st had a
large attendance .* of members "o'f the- or
der, to witness the initiation of three can
didates ,- for ; membership - in i the , presence
of ¦' Mrs. ;Annie Marie Johnson,' . district
deputy grand matron; who that night paid
an -official; visit. Among -'the . notables
present- were Grand- Matron Mrs. . Giber
son, {Associate Grand ;. Patron -• E: de : St.'
Maurice,^ Grand Secretary. Mrs. •: Willats,
Associate. Grand" Conductress Mrs. 1 . 'Alice
F.'vj Hickie, '•". Past i Grand . Patrons - J. v : H.'
Gray and G:; L. \ Darling, the patrons ' and
matron . of . each * local • chapter and many
past : officers. iThere .were nearly. 200 -In
•the chapter'hall. ; After^the, close of ; the
chapter there was a banquet in the lower
hall: ! There . every, one .was presented with
a little ; hatchet' in) commemoration <' of ; the ¦
anniversary of -Washington's birth and of
the .visit ¦--¦ of /' the .-. district ' , - deputy.
The . table *¦' arrangement' 'was- ..-one
¦ 'Olive Branch- received petitions . at its
last held session. On March 10 Mrs." Gib
erson, the grand matron, will pay an - of
ficial visit to this chapter.- ,.?
At the last held meeting of Beulah
Chapter, .twelve petitions for membership
were presented. ¦•' » • ••...¦ - , ,
. San "Francisco Chapter of the Order of
the Eastern Star on the 17th inst con
ferred, the degree of the ; order on Mme.
Celestine Delmar. in the presence' of ' a
lanjo number of those entitled to witness
the same. The .vocal selections during the
ceremony ' were touchingly rendered by
Mrs. ¦>¦ H. H. Oweps. ,\The many . visitors
from Eastern and local chapters by their
dissertations gave. eclat to the work, of
the evening. The speakers were D. - F.
Devallr past f grand patron of New Bed
ford (Mass.) (Chapter and deputy grand
marshal of the Grand Chapter of Massa
chussets; Mrs. D. F.'Devall, past. matron;
Mrs. M." Fogelstrand and-M. Fogelstrand
past patron of the same chapter;' C. H.
Gibbons, past patron of Golden Star chap
ter of Jackson; Linea Lincoln Baehr, ma
tron of King Solomon Chapter; Charlotte
Eliza Tisdale, matron of. Ivy Chapter;
Mary Ella \ Klein, matron of Harmony
Chapter; Fannie- Ayers, past matron of
Beulah Chapter; Past Grand Patron John
Hatfleld Gray, William "; Chase - Ordway,
patron of Mission Chapter; • Ernest Knox
Head, ; past patron of Golden Gate Chap
ter. ' and Rev. .William Edward Smith of
Harmony Chapter. Worthy Patron C. L.
P. ; Marais "• and ..Worthy , Matron ;¦ Mrs. •
Marais •; felicitously welcomed the ; visitors
and , ' during: ', the ' evening Mme. , Delmar
favored the •; meeting - with happy, selec
tions from, her repertoire. ' , . •¦'.'.-•
The Eastern Star.
Grand Masters Danforth. Barnes and
Hirshberg. Grand Recorder Spencer and
Grand Receiver Booth. A collation was
served at the close of the meeting. There
v.-ere about seventy-five visitors from San
Francisco.
Hills Ferry Lodge has arranged for a
gala day on the 1st of May for its mem
bers and their families and friends.
Special Deputy Calvert reports having
secured filteen candidates for the lodge
it Maxwell-and sixteen for the lodge at
Slc-r'dlari. ... * ..:-.-".
Bernal Lodge Initiated a class of fifteen
at its meeting on the 17th inst- Spartan
Lodge at its last held meeting Initiated
lo-jr.
California has won the contest for mem
bership between Itself and the jurisdic
tion of Michigan. The contest was won
by nineteen increase.
On the night of the 14th inst. Hercules
Lodge was visited by a delegation of the
San Francisco extension committee, and
the visitors were pleasantly received and
entertained.
Excelsior Lodge of the Ancient Order
United Workmen and Silver Spray Lodge
of the Degree of Honor had a joint open
meeting in Excelsior Hall last week.
There was a good attendance, an interest
ing programme ar:d then dancing. Dur
ing the evening Silver Spray Lodge was
presented a handsome silk banner for
having made the greatest net increase
during a certain period. -The presentation
speech was by Past Grand Master D. S.
Hlrshberg.
An event heretofore unknown In the an
nals of this order occurred a few evenings
since in San Francisco Lodge of the An-!
cient Order of United Workmen. Edward
Carlson, a member of 'that lodge, was
taken eick about twelve years ago and
during his illness neglected to pay his
dues and essesments. Under its by
laws the lodge for twelve years paid In
dues and assessments for sick and
beneficiary features, in that way keeping
him in good standing. Recently Mr. Carl
son died, and Just before the opening of
the last held meeting of the lodge his sou
presented himself to the financial secre
tary and stated that he had come to per
form one of the last duties imposed upon
him by his father on his deathbed, and
that was that he should go to the lodge
and reimburse It for all that it had ex
pended in his behalf. A footing up showed
that the amount was $658. The son of
fered to give a check for the amount
then and there, but the lodge decided to
wait and take the money when the bene
ficiary certificate Is paid.
The Odd Fellows.
On the night of the 15th inst there
was formed in this city an organization
called "The Associated District Deputy
Grand Masters I. O. O. F." H. D. Saville
was chosen president; F. A. Smith, vice
president, and W. E. Dubois, secretary.
The membership of the association will
be the district deputy grand masters of
each year and all past district deputy
grand masters.
On the night of the 13th inst. an in
itiation in Abou Ben Adhem Lodge was
witnessed by E. N. Wood, one of its mem.
The party to be given by Loyal Rebekah
Lodge on the 26th inst. promises to be a
very pleasing function. A number of
charming young ladles will take part in
the tableaux. An entertaining programme
has been arranged and among those who
will take part are Emma Robinet, Ada
Laurence and Beatrice Laurence.
Mission Rebekah Lodge had a pleasant
party in its hall on the 21st inst. It was
is the Intention of the corps ! to give a
social once a month. The next will be a
fancy dress party at a date to be an
nounced.
The eighty-third anniversary of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows will be
celebrated on the 28th of April (by an ex
cursion ' and picnic to Camp jTTaylor In
Marln County, thirty miles fronf this city.
Special rates have been secured from the
railroad company and the committee of
arrangements will do all in its power to
make this one of the most pleasant out-
Ings of the season of 1902. The Odd Fel
lows of this city and of the localities
around the bay will be invited to attend.
A new lodge was instituted at Dunsmuir
on the nth Inst. by the grand master, as
sisted by the deputy grand master and
the grand secretary, with twenty-two
charter members. During the evening
seven strangers were admitted by initia
tion. The grand officers on the following
night paid a visit to the lodge In Ander
son, Shasta County, and on the night after
that the grand and the deputv grand
master visited the lodge at Red Bluff.
On the 20th Inst. the grand master dedi
cated a new hall for the lodge at Oleta,
Amador County. , * .
Two new lodges will shortly be insti
tuted, one at Pico Heights and the other
at Long Beach, in Los Angeles County.
Apollo Lodge will celebrate Its thirty
sixth anniversary on the night of the 28th
inst. on which occasion there will be an
excellent programme of entertainment.
Un the night of the 19th Inst. the mem
bers of Templar Lodge tendered a recep
tion to Noble Grand Fred W. 3towell
who was recently elected president of the
San Francisco relief board, to show that
they appreciate the honor conferred upon
him. There were congratulatory ad*
dresses by Charles L. Taylor, Charles S.
Capp, Dr. J. A. W. Lundborg, F. D. Mac
beth and a response by the noble grand.
Then followed a short programme of in
strumental and vocal music and the serv
ing of a collation.
bers, who has been an Odd Fellow in good
standing for sixty-three years. He was
initiated Into Columbia. Lodge of New
York in 1S39, and in 1&62 was admitted into
Abou Ben Adhem Lodge by card. The
aged visitor was most kin41y greeted by
all the members and visitors on the fact
that sixty-three years of continuous mem
bership has not been sufficient to mako
him absent himself from lodge meetings.
It is stated that Fidelity Lodge will give
another of its entertaining, social and
evening at homes at the lirst meeting in
March. '
The National Union.
At .the last .held: meeting, of .. Pacific
Council of the National U,nion four, strari-.
gers were Initiated into ; the mysteries of
. the • order and' dn^was""admitted by; card."
E. "~W. FurgesorT resigned the "treasury
ship of the council for • business - reason,
which prevented him from - attending to
the .'duties of the office, and*' Deputy ;J. '.N.
Bunting was elected : to fill: the vacancy. '
San Francisco Council at its last 'held
meeting elected two strangers to become
members by initiation and will no doubt
initiate them at the next session. This
council is working .to make a record • for
itself. . • .
California Council on the 19th inst. de
cided to have a ladles', night on* the 19th
of March in its hall in the Pioneer build
ing. • After, the routine business of the
evening the council quartet entertained
the members with : zoboe selections, and,
considering it was/ their . firsts attempt
with the instruments; - they gave fairly
good music.
The' Druids.
. On the 12th Inst. Noble Grand Arch Go-'
deau and Grand Secretary Martinonl, in
Ciimpany with Past Arch M. Vincent of
Morton Grove and A. Sawtelll, district
deputy of Mazzlni Grove, paid an official
visit to • Magnolia Lodge of Los Angeles
and were received by a large number of
DruldB. The" Initiatory work was ex
emplified by the Initiation of two strand
gers. ¦ . , ' w\ . .'. ¦¦; •' ¦ : -.¦..';•
The following night the . grand officers
visited Orange and Mazzini groves in joint
session. The visitors were, accompanied
by F.Chavera.'M. Vincent, B. Rijo and
J. Fallandy of Morton Grove and B.
Franklin of Magnolia Grove. In the pres
ence of an assemblage that crowded the
hall the 9 Initiatory degree -was conferred
by Grand Secretary." Martinonl ¦ as noble
arch and Noble Arch Godeau; aa vice
arch on seven applicants for admission,
two into Mazzlni and 'five into Orange
Grove. A banquet followed the work, ami
there were many speeches ; for : the good
of the ; order. - There . were nearly three
hundred persons present. B. Franklin
was the toastmaster. Among the number
at the banquet were forty-five ladies, and
the welcome to the grand officers was by
Arch Druldess Mrs. B. . Pigett. .This ad
dress was responded to 'by the noble
grand arch. 8 There were a number: of re
sponses to , toasts, and the banquet was
brought to a closer wtlh cheers for the
grand officers, the Druids and the city of
Los Angeles. • The same evening the noble
grand r arch granted dispensation to or
gunize a past arches' association In the
City of the Angels. •
On the :14th the grand officers, visited
Rumrier Grove at Bakersfleld, and ' will
return there on the 17th of April to assist
LADIES WHO "WILL TAKE PART IN TABLEAUX BY LOYAL REBEKAH
LODGE OF THE INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODD FELLOWS IN AID
OF ITS CHARITY FUND. . '
The following named were the visitors
at the office of the grand secretary, Miss
Laura J. Frakes, last week: Lucia Ham
mersmith, Lydia Carroll. Mrs. Ralph,
Miss Clark and Mrs. Marks of Darina
Parlor; Bernice Peguillian and Mrs. Ayers
of Genevieve Baker Parlor; Past Grand
President Lena H. Mills of Joaquin Par
lor, Miss Lillian Riddell of Las Tarrosas
Parlor, Mrs. C. O. Miller of Alta Parlor,
Lily Reichllng Dyer of Ursula Parlor and
Mre. Nellie Abrams of Hanf ord Parlor.
bronze vase in remembrance of the visit.
On March 3 Mrs. Baker will pay on of
ficial visit to Darina Parlor. At the- last
held meeting of this parlor one stranger
was initiated.
' The grand president paid an official visit
to Caiafia * Parlor of Sacramento last
week. .The parlor had made preparations
for a grand social hour after the meeting
and work, but all these had to be set aside
on account of the death of Mrs. Emma
Fritsch shortly before the visit.
The California Druid Is the name of a
new Druidic journal that will be Issued in
the first days of March by Noble Grand
Arch Godeau in the interests of the order
in this State. - ...
On the night of the 20th the grand of
ficers'and many members of the local
groves paid a visit to Alpini Grove, where
they were received by a goodly number of
the members. . . .
' On the 15th the grand officers were with
the grove in Merced, where in the pres
ence of seventy-two members'of the order
they witnessed the' conferring of the third
degree'on -two bards. The same officers
who conferred that degree • conferred the
first on seven strangers, the work in each
case. being perfect, and in each instance 't
was highly praised by the gra*nd officers.
A fine banquet followed the work.
•On the night of the 19th San Francisco,
Eureka. and Sigel groves," comprising Dis
trict N.o. 3 of San Francisco, were visited
by the. Past Arch Association, a large
number being present. District Deputy
L. M. Fabbry delivered a lengthy address
in German and after that exemplified the
work of the three degrees, something un
usual for a deputy to do. The work of the
evening was followed by addresses by No
ble Grand Arch Godeau; A. M. Arm
strong, president of the association;* Past
Noble Grand Arch Bahrs, Grand Secre
tary Martinonl. Past Noble Grand Arch
G. , Moenlng and others. John Drusdom
presided- over the meeting.: j After the
meeting the 125 present adjourned to the
banquet hair and partook of a collation.
Charles Lester was toastmaster, and after
the' repast there were a number of
speeches, the principal speakers being L.
Bartless, H. Menke, J. Hagan and the
toastmaster, Charles Lester. *
in the initiation of a large class of can
didates.
attended by many who spent a most en
joyable evening. : : ; - i- -.'.., '
of < rare- good taste and the ' deco
rations were, to - use the language
of the flay, "all right, all right." During
the ceremony of initiation Mrs. Nellie
Augusta Darling,, past 'grand ; organist,
whose soprano voice lias delighted so
many; sang the solos, and before adjourn
ment Past Matron Mrs. Mann, on behalf
of the officers of the chapter, presented
a handsome cut-glass yase to the district
deputy; also a bunch or carnations. < A
feature of the decoration . was a cherry
tree in-full bloom in the center of the
banquet hall. - . ,
The Native Daughters.
Grand President Mrs. Baker paid an of
ficial visit to Orinda Parlor and she was
accorded a cordial reception. She during
the evening instructed the officers in their
work and after the business was over the
visiting: official was presented a handsome
Fraternities
TH-K SAN FRAN(;iSCO CALL, SIJNDAYv FFBRUAPT 23, '19O2.
clfic Lodge In Oakland was a
very pleasant one, and it will no doubt be
productive of much good to the lodge.
There were stirring addresses by Past
25
m^^^^P^^K pvrchasers receive the same covrteovs Ireatment. I
Money back if goods are not satisfactory. This will be 1
the last weeK of ovr February sale, and here are some |
i jA HBHl wonders, too. Our. goods and prices- are here to tell §
I /JiP !^SuJmTTfW/l^il//n^^L thWT 'OWn Story.. #a Whatever Housewives \ Jvst Rcccivrd I
I " -1 1/ I I IIJHH' 1^ LADIES' GOWNS-Best quality flan- /^l^ SACQui|'..ma?e^ /of .^od Vlfm"" fumSJr^ar!"'™! sea- 1
H I Mi I f M8sHJ I nelette. double yoke back, front tucked W/- >Xf<J quality fiiderdowj; full front. / |\Att\ son's newest styles I
B "? ''It WML I imwl I and hemstitched, collar and sleeves W/3 fitted back.-, deep collar. |\\Hf<k Among the lot 3 H
H : *^m H iflnfi 1 :- trimmed with neat finishing braid, edged A^ 'I Eiderdown- _ couldn't be i V SCOTCH PLAID RIB- i
i In W HnilrnnMliD wIth dainty Torchon lace. Materials v 1 bought, for -.what, we ask for 1 3l >P BON of very best quality S
1 11 mil II iMfifflr alone cost, YOU more than WE ask for this garment 48c . silk taffeta, soft and i
M IS liM[i I ll^P At 35c— LADiES'skiRTS. made of Hi^h-ClZlSS EZlStCP NoVeltieS Rfbbon C> our n ° so-called a
M UlWUiiP^ beat flannelette, deep hemmed flounce, M . ". *~T *v* - * . . \2J competitors ask 35c for.
Rj *i3Br wmTWR?^ ¦ • wel1 made and neatly finished. Only jjj Veiling. .>..-..'. Our price 20c fi
W .¦¦¦SS3r ¦'•¦'"''¦' ¦¦' :•• ' *",''"'!J'""''j-''''^- : - *!-".**,*****¦'***!"** ' .:" \i Tuat \**i*m1vmA flatiivAav ' „,_ i.i . «< ALSO: -- SOFT TAFFETA RI3B0X,
5 «, - j. •>-•'• -.% . ~>; J' '. no-' i-i,t«jr A i; *1 en'-' '¦' ?-ot^ht pibtwiw- vffTTrwM i.* - Wfraoted »U P»w silk, soft and wash.
I Stout Women Made; Thin. ;: 98c ; Instead: of $t SO. , ¦^S^J£SSS£S^^'Jl& ab^,^ a !i newest sprlns ahades -
f ¦' maj :sTv/coRs£r^ :^ [
1 &L The only- corset a; etout: r s W." e^ ari/nMr * , , for 75c and $1; now.. ...........50c ''SJSH? 5j°- 5 .....now 10c
I Jfik woman should wear ¦ ¦ A\ O ne for economical ovv. wiath >io. 40 now l»Vzv
i T*. It is the finest and strong- •«-^i i i» other8 - to toke advw^ '' Free ribbon 'bows by expert*. ,
J Vi €St corset made and is Klr?lll of - , tt^ct-, * - JU51 WOM JLQUIC5 UrOWCrS
1 ."%£& *%m Wk Will Cost More.
1 \\7:- " is -made of best qual- .^ : • knees. -. good .fast ; black, -^, ..= V .- ™" s " n^.. fl^\° c JJ. o " x ?, ( 5j WVfK • Special selling of
¦1'->VA\*< lty -Italian clofh.. boned- -^ full length, ivery elastic. \ W J» edged with embroidery full . X, fiffl , LADIES' UNDER-
I IrsMt throughout with best qual- Box of six . worth $1 50. now selling <tf273CB& '*"^^ a .^ t * 1^ \ll«l *<£'M*M\ SKIRTS, made of
I r \% ity tempered steel. It comes at.. ...... ....OSc.box would cost: >ou at. least good fast black
1 ¦¦ ¦ ' in medium, short or long. _ . ¦' . .I^. ".' ' • c ' Our prlce r lt)c £&£&/£%&&&¦ sateen, umbrella.
3 lengths. Equal to any $10 . ' WoHn KnOWIHiL "' »»* u «%- . 'CS* 2 *^^^^ .flounce finished with
I corset made. 'Note the price.... «2. 75 ; V":- - ¦ : - ' ". ¦ - ' ~ "*¦.." • .¦P**U.7».*"»- . .- - .- . . . > Kfal HOITY Bvlt T ;~ T\^ corded ruffle. Highly
I ALSO— LADIES' : GIRLDE- CORSET This is the:store at which to get the _ .'•¦•*• * J *»v»*. special elsewhere at $1. Our price.. 75c
.a made of best quality sateen,; straight' best HOSIERY; that is .made. : They are Tho Latest European Fad. Sale at ¦> O'Farrell-street entrance,
¦a front steel, lace trimmed, colors pink. 1 - made >, of very 'flne«t- Maco • cotton, all The new military ' stralehf front din
J blue, black and white. . You'll be aur- .double heels . and^ toes, extra long .very mad . f d Se face black Damtv Neckwehr
| prised at this low, ; price- for this cor- elastic, .^.warranted best # fast black. lcather , the unbreakable kind? patent UOUUy riCCKWCaT. I
i set •^^''-'"'•"•''•':r-''"^ as you can make it any size: SPECIAL SALE of LADIES' FANCY
a Sale at O'Farrell-street entrance. ,. .white feet or plain black, with ribbea a wonder-and a novelty for a little... TURNOVER COLLARS— Made of best
1 t - t «. ¦. n t j. ,- v top, all fine 60-gauge. light or heavy #>> 25e Point deVenlse edge or Irish Point.
1 Last Chan ~C tO BUY LadlCS -weight. Wholesalers' price H a doz.;Our - ** ot - ' well made, ecru or white. Our spe- H
3 ___ . _,_ .. . ;¦¦ .¦ 1; --._. *;.¦¦ .. ,_ .clearance sale price ..,.;.. ........ ...25c v««» P»*««* n * T ... w«.,i n/t~~ clal _. Sc H
I Wool WaiStS Far BelOW Cost *Ke bought ioo many, hence the reducuon JOV Lannot LOSC YOU^ Money another - LADIES* turnover 1
a Thpvarc miao In thA - * - «. . .* . Out of these LADIES' COMBINATION COLLARS,, finest Swiss embroidery.
I ,£& newe^ a s?yleT d Ld"-a h re StOUt LadlCS, AttCIlthn ! ¦¦ ¦' .JPS'SSISf toJ^^imt 1 rtlS ¦ bUtt?BhOle e^"- " 3C
I K60 StS R?o a 4 S needed r $ sum^ ' OUT-SIZE HOSE, made of best Qual- frame, leather: lined;, colors tan. brown. ?Sc Worth Now for 5fL
I Z$&L mer'Kooda ™anlvlM : hen^e Maco cotton, warranted fast black, black.. They cannot' be. dupircated for «C VYOrUl 110^ IOr DC
1 /<^m ¦¦ ;the^reductlo^rsizes^ and ,Were,40c. Now ....;...... ........... ..25c twice. this price................. 50c Closing Out Odds ahd £«(/«.: \
9 it \\x\\\ -^2; we have marked them Q ' ' v i i ' ¦ .q cttrhto'V tops madA nn
1 Hrm s^ont^uS^Tcii 1 JUt nUOtWDCnb m^^ro^ 110^,,. i^^t:^§.^:^.^
1 U- JJ V Irr^l±ey^^':^- Q - ; ' Wa " Ordcr«-Sol1clte^ / PHELAN BUILDING. , 1 ¦ A HandKcrchiel SUTpFISC !
p\ X\ If metal buttons, :, new *•*...,, i ; . . ,,.**' ta»* u ta •** u c • i
1 aii to be\oid^^.!:^!^!>iSS : Your Money's Worth in Urn- In; Our Knitted Underwear mi %^s£u r otrl^" ° r
1 Q »°a?itJ J ffifc¥ i B ffiSf T fl s r b i^f fa^.'rbrcllas'Here This Week. •¦ Dspartment. .¦¦iSMgi2ffi^iS5 s 8 a> jai?SS£l
1 Stf^ft^r.! 1^^ heavIly ; & SADIES' COMBINA- lawS CH^srembroidered Idgis. Q £fi y 1
I SSitaft^ &«W' 8l f g '' 1 LwSk''V:Btocked:\rith.tlie5e (oodi VT TION SUITS, good qual- and sheer. Worth twice the asking H
a limited quantity. Regular- U- 25 waists; /X&JOTPk ; *** 6O ¦ have slashed . (-V ity. all wool, black or Price V. 10c M
h now «Sc ! 1 * * W prices unmercifully. Just I \\ gray, high neck, long NEXT- GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS m
pig Reductions in Our Glove '«$p3 Te fZ£& t Tl£& S| A'W&- 'SSSrk^S:''^^^ SJ "SS^SJ^iffiSi- 11^ SS: I
I . Department. ;' %^k SS s haiTa a n de twi^ cS Ijlil lS.uJ e 2tm^n.. S2 fcr^..?..l^...!f..™..^?!?35S I
R Clearina Out of Our Winter W*inht *&&/jf'' steel- rod, steel frame, XA&lkV we bought at 50c on tho M
H uearmg uuior uur winter-weight </& ... natural • wood handles. T ; ft, 1 W dollar. Regular prtce J XL TV»-«« /»„„?«. it
W Cashmere Gores. ;. vV v -Excellent values at this price...... 35c ¦iSU" u Our Sale Price.. .......^8c i Tnree CeiltS. M
H They are made of_ best quality Cash- ANOTHER-UMBRELLAS made of CHILD'S COMBINA-. LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS made If
I m^ re ' ,T lt i l y . ser ubIe -«PPed finger, good quality Italian XX twill cloth, good , . TION SUITS, made of ex- of good quall^ neat^' h£ m ! I
i^Hf^^h^ww^in 110^ 6^ ? Ut: t ast black,, steer rod. steel frame, bone, tra fine Peruvian yarn, high neck, long Stitched. A handkerchief that wou?d i
The onion ls undoubtedly a wholesome article
of food, in fact has many medicinal qualities of
value, but it would be difficult to find a more
indigestible article than fried onions, and * to
It is a matter of history that Napoleon was
a gourmand, an inordinate lover of the good
things of the table, and history further records
that his favorite dish was fried onions: his
death from cancer of stomach, it is claimed
aleo, was probably caused from his excessive
Indulgence of this fondness , for the odorous
vegetable.
Indirectly Cau ed thi Death of
the World's Greatest General.
FRIED OXIONS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
effect and the patient feels the benefit sftftr
its first day's use. It goes direct to the seat
of the trouble, no matter of how long stand-
ing, giving strength and development where It
is needed. This marvelous remedy banishes all
feelings of bash fulness toward the opposite sex;
ceres all the Ills and troubles that. come from
early, abuse, excess or overwork and business
cares, all of which result In premature lorn
of strength and memory; emissions, lrn potency
and varicccele. Regenerative Tablets will ef-
fect a cure at any age; there ls no case that
It will' not cure permanently except where
epilepsy or insanity has already been reached.
Fallopla Lynn Co. makes no restrictions; every'
person who writes will b« sent a week's treat-
ment absolutely free and postpaid, carefully
wrapped In a plain package with no advertising
on it to Indicate what it contains. They have
received . thousands of letters from people all
over the country telling of the most astonish-
ing cures made by Regenerative Tablets. Their
one week free offer is genuine.' and no embar-
rassing questions asked. Write to-rtay to tho
Fallopla Lynn Co.. T20,Fozzonl building, St.
Louis. Mo., and receive the week's treatment
free; their book, which is also free and sent
with the free treatment, will explain how to
take the ¦ treatment in private and cure your-
self at home. ¦fiMBHRHM
\ It Is scientifically prepared by the best chem-
ists in'.the world. The! reputation of the In-
stitution - Is such, that ; all physicians know
whan i they, stand sponsor . for a remedy, ' that
remedy must be exactly as represented. And
whan -upon their reputation they make the state-
ment that - Regenerative ; Tablets will cure all
cases of Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Vari-
cocele or weakness of any nature of the nerve
or sexual organs, a cure. must be positive and
permanent.:- This Company will j send every
person ' who Is suffering , from nervous diseases
a i week' s i treatment ; absolutely; free; There is
but one test of a genuine ! medicine and that
is , the results which are < obtained by ' Its use;
If it cures the disease for which It is prepared
It ls a true remedy. - This ls -the test by which
the Fallopla Lynn Co. -wish their one week.
free treatment • to . be ; tried. ' *Af Mr using I Re-
generative Tablets one week.; the sufferer will
find new vigor in his organs; new force In his
muscles; new blood in his. veins; new ambition;
a new man In vitality, health and appearance.
Regenerative ' Tablets has a peculiarly grateful
• ' Regenerative • Tablets Is the only recognised
positive and permanent cure for post Manhood
In all its forms and stages.
The one thing necessary to do In any case of
poor digestion is to supply those elements of
digestion which the stomach lacks, and nothing
does this so thoroughly and safely as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. . '
"Dr. Richardson, In writing a thesis on treat-
ment of dyspepsia and Indigestion, ; closes his
remarks by saying: '"For those suffering- from
add dyspepsia, shown by. sour, watery risings,
or for flatulent dyspepsia, shown by gas on, the
stomach, causing heart , trouble and ¦ difficult
breathing, as well as for all other forms of
stomach trouble, the safest treatment is to
take one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
after each. meal. I advise them because they
contain- no harmful drugs, but. are composed
of valuable digestives,- which act promptly upon
the food eaten. I never knew; a. case of indi-
gestion or even' chronic dyspepsia which
Stuart's Tablets would not reach." , •/.
Cheap . cathartic medicines ' claiming ' to cure
dyspepsia ana^ indigestion can have no effect
. whatever in actively digesting- the food, an*
to call any cathartic -medicine a cure for Indi-
gestion Is a misnomer. 1 ' - : .; ;.
Every druggist in the : United' States and
Canada sells Stuart's -Dyspepsia Tablets, '. and
they ' are not ' only the safest and " moat suar-
cessful, but the moat scientific of. any treatment
for Indigestion and stomach troubles. .
The reason why . any wholesome food ls not
promptly digested ls because the stomach lacks
some Important element of digestion. Some
stomachs lack peptone, others are deficient in
gastric Juice, still others lack hydrochloric acid.
many people they are simply poison, but the
onion does not rtand alone in this respect. -, Any
article of food that* is not thoroughly digested
becomes a source of disease and ' discomfort,
whether It be fried onions or beefsteak. - ¦
. Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all -who
will- write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering, of. lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a: home
treatment. ' and •> all men who ¦ suffer from
any form of sexual > weakness resulting
Ironi youthful folly,- ; premature loss ot
Btrength and memory, weak back,. varicc-
cele or emaciation' of parts can now curt
themselves at home; : ;. v : <
. The . remedy has a peculiarly ' grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to • the \ desired location, giving strength
and development Just wherer it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and hUs been an absolute success 'in
all cases^'A. request 'to', the State Medical
Institute, -'. 328 Elektrpn - building, ; Fort
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire one
ot their free trial -packages, win be com-
piled with promptly. ¦'- The Institute is de-"
ulrous of reaching. that" great class of men
who ?are enable to leave home Ho be
treated, and ' the I free samples will enable
them to 'see how.easy.lt is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper , reme-
dies are "employed.- The Institute makes
no restrictions.. Any man who writes 1 , win
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed In
a plain package, so. that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity." Readers- are .requested to '.write'
without ¦ delay. ¦ \ - > ¦ . - ;
to 'All -W no Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy -,TIut
Quickly Restores Lost .Vigor '¦['¦'.
to Men.
It is far wiser- to build up health and
fitreagth naturally with food than to
crutch alongr on some kind, of medicine
and let the disease finally do Its work.
"Grape-Xuts in my case has proved the
truth of the assertion that it is a brain
and nerve builder. I would especially rec-
ommend it for tired, overworked school
teachers, or any other brain workers."
Name given by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich. iHHBHBiBBm
"I was the only teacher out of fourteen
in our public school who did not miss a
day on account of sickness .. during the
last session. I have been able to do more
hard studying than ever before and took
up the teachers' State reading work, com-
pleted the course and passed a successful
examination at the last institute. ' ,
"Last year I used Grape-Nuts regularly
at (joth morning: and evening meals and
the result was really ¦wonderful. I have
been entirely cured of the troubles spoken
of and don't know what It is to take a
dose of physic any more. The old ner-
vousness and sleeplessness have pone. No
more do I lie awake nights until my brain
is in a whirl. Now I deep all night long
like a healthy child.
"I found a food at last that I could work
on and that would keep me fresh and
strong. I have been a school teacher for
eleven years and every year toward the
last have felt more or less worn out ahd
have been bothered particularly with
my stomach and serious constipation.
Pood That Sends One Along.
FRESH AND STRONG.
GBATPE-UTJTS.
One Week's Trial Package Sent Free to All
Men Who Write For It.
A Discovery of a Remedy Has Been Made
ilprhat Restores Lost Manhood and Gives
Man the Vitality of a Lion.
' JOE EOSENBEBG'S.
JOB ROSE NBEEQ'S.
T~^ m mL*h?\Sj_ jiff JSwL^I' jfjMnf^^jPBui^y <iS3^t//7X if ylB^^^T <(L \» \/Bf£w3ESBKI^^^^^^Sm^5!s?^S^^
: JOE BOSENBEBCFB.
JOE EOSENBERO'S.Burglar Surprised in Basement.
Business men congregate 'at Cafe Zin
kand for lunch.' Good" service. - ¦ *
Rev. .William :Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "Old Wine Skins,'' and in the even
ing, on "The /Teacher."..... • .
Rev. R. R. Lloyd of the Park Congre
! gational Church will preach this i morning
on 'Preparing -to Write a Beautiful Gos
pel, and. in the evening there will: be a
unique gospel song- service. ¦ . .-.'. "•
:¦' Rev. - Philip Coombe \ of r the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach : this
; morning :. on f ''Overcoming* Evil - With
Good.V- and in ,therevening on ."The,Au
.thority. of Christ's Teaching.'-' ¦- ) AU :
Rev. John Hemphill : of- -the -J Calvarv
Presbyterian Church , will preach - this
morning, on .'The Compassion s of * Christ
for the Broken 5 Reeds of -Humanltj' " - •
_Rey.;E. i H.7Ayery/ofahe; Westminster
Presbyterian-. Church 'will n. preach > this
morning ; on \ ''The' Power ' of : a : Lofty ; Pur
pose— George Washington," ; and in the
evening- --- on the second discourse" of
"John." ¦-.¦; -:;¦¦ ,'¦: - •¦--¦ . '¦
Re X' •'- Frederick; .W.::ciampelt of the
: Trinity ; Church will ; preach this i mornlnc
on ; "Common Sense : in : Religion," and in
the evening, on " "The t Unjust'^ Steward.!'
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First Unl
.tarian Church will preach this inornine
on Hell. , / ;- - • • . . °
Rev. Dr. Mace will preach" In Libwar
Rev. George C." Adams of the First Con
gregatlonal Church will preach .thia morn
ing on "The -Apple -in ;the: Garden of
Lclen, .- : and in . .the . evening on ¦ "Goorga
Washington-He Being Dead, Yet Speak
eth. :¦ ' ¦.' ' * ' , ¦¦¦¦ -.;.--- -.-_•.... .¦ .;, ¦ . .
Wahington Yet : Speaketh.
E. A. Woods of the First Baptisi
Church will : preach this morning ..on
"Jesua : Took Him by the Hand."- and in
the evening on "Belief and. Baptism."
•Christ Jesus"- is the subject of . lessoii
at the First Church of Christ, Scientists
this mornlns. ; ': ¦ - - ; / - '
_Rey. E.. J. Harper of the Centenary M
E/ Church ¦« 111 ;. preacJi ¦ this 1 morning: • on
"Christian; Education the Bulwark ot the
Nation,:*, and .in. the evening on "Service
Suffering." .
Rev.' John A; B. Wilson of the Howard
Street JVi. J£. Church will proach this
morning on ;,"Ia the Christian' L,ife Worth
Living':" arid in the evening on "Has tue
Almighty Any Claim Upon : Us; If So
AVhac Is It?" n'i ;
Rev. F. M. Larkin of the Grace M. E,
Church will give the first of two lectures
this evening on "Christian Wcience; lta
i? act and Fancy." . ¦¦¦—¦- , . ». ., .
" Kev - Baker, of the "First -'M
E. ¦ Church will preach this morning: on
"A Kingdom-". Which Cannot Be Moved "•
and in the evening Rev. J. N. Beard will
preach. i'- • . . . ¦ V -v .
Rev. F. W. Lloyd of the Richmond M.
E. . Church will preach this morning* on
"Revival," and in the evening on •"Tiiu
Confession." . ¦ . .!' ;^iv^
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California Street
M. E. Church -will preach thia morning on
"How God's People Are Known," and in
the evening on "Pltf alia for Young Men
and Women." .';,;. ; .vjcy.-i
'• A ' special musical service will be cel
ebrated at the Trinity M. E. Church this
evening-., ,A ; number of select: pieces will
be rendered. by-the choir. In the morninK
the pastor will preach'on '.'Our Warfare
and Its Weapons." V" ' »^ " ' ,
The body- of the man who shot and
killed himself on. Meiggs wharf last Fri
day afternoon was identifteu yesterday, by
A. Anderson, who keeps a sailor board
ing-house at 116 Oregon street, as that of
Martin Nelson, a mate. (.Anderson- said
that Nelson was - injured on board ship
twelve years ago, since which time, witn
the exception of a few weeks, he had been
an inmate of the Marine Hospital. Nelson
w.'is a native of Denmark and unmarried.
Identified as Martin Nelson.
Special Pieces to Be
.Rendered at Trinity
M. E." Ghurcn.
CHOIR PREPARES
SPECIAL SERVICE
1OOO Men's All-Wool Suits
Will be sold this. week, beginning to-mor
iow. at the Lyceum for $5 85. These suits
ar«4 made of the very best material that
has ever been put into a suit by Adler &
Sons of Chicago; worth $20. They are
tailor-made, absolutely fast color, exceed
ingly well made, stylish garments in all
wvoi fancy cheviots, clay and serge, In
black and blue. Unfinished worsteds and
thibets, worth $20, yet $6 85 will buy them
at the ¦¦ manufacturers' sale of clothing,
&15 Market St., opposite Mason. •
Accused of Burglary.
. "Walter Ayer, G. Anderson-and";iVllllaia
White were arrested last evening and
chargd at the Harbor police station with
burglary. The three men are accused o£
having- entered the restaurant of A. W. J.
dibbs at IS East street and stolen a small
quantity of provisions. All of th« men
under arrest are cooks by profession.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, SOc flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.
The Panta Fe carry an elerant chair car on
the California Limited from San Francisco to
Baktrsfield. Leaves dally 9 a. m. Also stops
at Stockton, Merced, Fresno and Hanford.
To Accoznzaodate First-Class
Local Travel.
ESCAPES DROWNING
BY CLINGING ; TO ROCKS
Mrs. 3>alton of Massachusetts yea- ,
.-. tures Too Close to Angry Break- -
.' v . ers at ClifE Housed —¦'¦¦' \
•Mrs. E. T. Daltoh*iof Beverly, Mass^, a
member ; of the_ Raymond .& _Whitcomu
party that is at present staying at the
Pula.ee, had a narrow escape from drown
ing yesterday. Airs. Daiton,' with a'party
of sightseers, paid a visit >* to the--Clnf
house. She decided that she would ¦ like
to go down on the - rocks ; at ¦ the ' ueacn
ana view the waves from a- closer point
ot view. r^
'A big wave dashed on the rocks and
nearly washed her off where: she. was
stanaing. She :was thrown irom her feet
by the rorce of tne wave, but she had tbp
1'itsence of mind' to chng to the rock.
When- she fuhy recovered irom the shoe*
the alscovered that she had dropped her
pocketbook, with all her money and ¦ rail
road tickets in it. These the hungry
ocean took. . Last night at - the Palace
Mrs. Dalton-was the heroine of the party."
Scottish Hall this evening, subject, "God's
Kirst Question to Man." ,•
Rev. E. Nelander. of the First Lutheran
Church .will preach this morning on "The
Perserverance of Faith," and in the even
ing on "Meditation." •..-. :";-.;-:
A requiem mass for the deceased mem
bers of Sacred Heart Presentation Con
,vent - alumnae will be celebrated in the
convent chapel this morning." ..¦ •<'.
Rev. M. P. Smith, C. S. P., will preach
the second of his Lenten, course of ser
mons at the 11 o'clock mass in St. Mary's
(Paulists) Church this morning. His sub
ject wllPbe VUnbelief."
The sermon at the Calvarlan devotions
in the cathedral this afternoon at 3 o'clock
will be preached by Rev. Patrick Collopy.
His theme will be "Indifference." . •-
; Rev. ¦ T. Brown of the A. M. E. Zion
Church (colored) will preach this morning
ob "Be Not Weary in Well Doing," and
in the evening on. "To Every Man His
>Work." c . *.¦*•
"The Four Pillars of Manhood" is the
subject that Rev. F. ' W.. Clampett will
deliver before a mass-meeting at the
Young Men's Christian l Association this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. • Mrs. Birmingham
and Mrs. H. H. Barnhart will sing. '
,The monthly musicale at Trinity Meth
odist Church, corner of Market and Six
teenth, streets, win be given Sunday from
7:30 to 8:30 p. m. The choir, under the
leadership, of George R. Bird, -> will Bine
two anthems: "Send Out Thy Light " by
Gounod,, and ¦¦'God So Loved the World"
by.Stainer. Mrs.'W. L. Turney will sing
a soprano solo, "Beyond the ' Gates of
Paradise," by. Tosti. / 
-Milton D. Buck. D..D.; the pastor will
preach, a - 15-minute sermon' on "The
Fruits of Godliness," and give a prelude
on "A Heart-Hymn and Its Story " A t
11 . a. m. he will preach on "Our "-War
fare.":: The choir, will sing, by request a
duet and chorus, V'Have You Any Room
for Jesus?" by - Williams;' also by re
quest, the hymn of ' Henry i Kirk'e White
commencing. "The Lord " our God is
clothed - with might," will be ¦ sung to
music by Kingsley. .'.:¦• s "
Grand Ball Arranged.
A grand masquerade ball will be given
by the German Ladies" Benevolent So
ciety Saturday evening, March 1. at Sara
toga HalL The grand march commences
at 9 p. m. ¦'-
California for S25.
The passenger department of the South
ern Pacific has just issued a very attrac
tive little book entitled "California for
f25." The book has interesting articles
contributed ¦ by well-known men of the
State on its resources and industries. Pas
senger Traffic Manager E. O. McCormicK
ordered that the book should be published
at once, and yesterday 100,090 copies were
sent to the East, for distribution — only
three days after the order had been given.
Mr. Bliss hurried back to his home' in
this city and the best of medical skill was
provided. For a brief time it was sup-
\ Mr., Bliss had been ill but. a few days'-
Last week h6 was at his ranch near Mer
ced and sprang to the stirrip and sat his
saddle with' the liveliest and youngest'. of
his ,bronc-busters. But Jhe storm came
suddenly and pneumonia came with it.
... interests of Californla,.died;yes
terday afternoon at his residence, 15S1 Pa
cific avenue. I '. . ~ ';
QEORGE D. BLISS, the millionaire
cattle king, who for nearly 'half:
a century was conspicuously
identified with the- stock-raising
posed that he would successfully combat
the disease. The physicians saw a-prom
ising- improvement and then with-sllght
warning came the relapse and death; .
The story of the life cf George Bliss ig
pretty much a record cf the cattle rais
ing business in California. He was born
in Albany, N. Y., seventy-four years ago
and came to California in .1850.*. .On tbe
corner of Polk and Jackson streets -he
established one .of the first wholesale
butcher shops in this city. The only other
butchers in San Francisco, in those days
were Peter McCann, who still lives, and
William Dunphy,' who died - some years
ago. ¦-, -'- .- it -.-'-¦ -:,-•'* ¦ i_if ¦*¦•'¦
'•The' chances of better business and
greater prosperity lured Bliss to Nevada
and he bought. a large tract of land near
Winnemucca. Then he drifted around the
central part' of the- State and -acquired
holdings in the vicinity of Merced^ « The
¦Nevada "property "and' that" in" Merced
County have greatly increased* in value
since the purchase. The\Bllss rangesdn
Merced County are among the most fam
ous in the State. ; ¦¦ > • : :,.i • -^ --
Mr. .- Bliss was married twice and;, the
five ¦ surviving, children are sons. -and
daughters of« the late Mrs. Martha S.
Bliss. Of the , sons; there is George D.
Bliss Jr., who has charge of the Merced
ranch, and Richard O. Bliss, connected
with the Hibernia Bank. The • daughters
are Mrs. J. F. Sullivan, wife of former Su
perior Judge. Sullivan ; I Mrs. George Her
mann and Mrs. James T. Rucker, whose
husband is of the well-known Rucker
family of San Jose. . , . .
PIONEER CATTLE KING-~.WHOSE'
DEATH WAS CAUSED SUDDEN-'
, LY BY PNEUMONIA. V
Dancing was kept up until a late hour.
To the lollowing .officers of the Willing
Workers was due in' a large measure the
success I of ' the entertainment: -Mrs.' H.
Newhouse, president; Mrs. A; Schlessing
er, vice president; Mrs. Isidore Myeia,
second vice-president; Mrs. JL. Meyer,
treasurer, and Miss Carrie -JStern. secre
tary. E. E.Kahn- acted as floor. manager,
ana the Kev. Dr. Myers, assisted in re
ceiving the friends of the" members of the'
club. - : . - . • :,
The Willing Workers, a club devoted to
charitable pursuits, gave a brilliant enter
tainment last evening at Golden Gate
Hall. There was a large attendance . and
the programme began' early in the even
ing with '¦ a concert. ¦ There was an over
tuie: by the orchestra,- and the Misses
Camilie Carlisle and Phoebe'Dunn sang a
'lyroiean song and danced as they dance
in the mountains where the yodie is -the
delight ot the tourist as mucn as to the
native. A violin solo, ' Volonaise" (Vieux
tempsj, was pel formed by Harry Samuels,
and trie audience was tieaicil to a* song
by Rebe Licvison entitled "'Thine." MarK
Twain's 'The Awful German language"
was deiivereu .by the Kev. Isidore .Myers,
ana the Rev. M. Solomon rendered the
prologue from vPagiiaccl." " N. ' H. .Mars
den -completed -a' most enjoyable - pro-.
gramme oy giving several humorous se
lections from a fund of ludicrous stories.
Crowd of Friends With Admir- '
'(.¦c'lrJi ':¦' able Programme. /. .
Benevolent Club Entertains a' Large
WILLING/ WOBKEKS JOIN
: V IN-SONGr i AND DANCE
1 he elk was a native soni He was born
111 the park six years ago and always at
tinctea a ; great deal" 01 'attention, • owing
to his great size.-: . .
. The . Uercenebs '01 - ifciiiper developed by
connnenient was In- eviuenceeven up to
the eiKa ueatn.- It tooK beverai nours to
drive him into such a position in a. cor
ner ot tne paddock tnat one shot would
0.0 the atea. , ,v ', -¦ - ,
A great deal of red tape was necessary
before" the liie of . tne magnificent beast
couid be takeu. ."Ix'iist, nie \furx. commis
sioners' permission" must be- secured be
fore tne ummai conla oe laneu aivay, and
seconu, pti uaasion to tail an eik must De
stcureu iroiu ine . i< isn ana Game Ccm
nu&fciuneis because or u'lawvwiucn maKes
it a njistlemeauur to »cnl one of ine oreed.
Pfrmissioii ... irom ooincginmissions- was
secured because ot ine Lviciouaiidsisj. of uie
ammai, ,n.\. a: a: m." tho snot was fired
v/liich enaed me elk's life. ¦ '-
A bullet from a -Winchester rifle held by
Chtrles Ward," a nimrodof no mean skill,
yesterday ; enaed the life of the .big elk
which for. the last six years has attracted
the J attention of the visitors to Golden
Gate ! Park.; AH that is left -of the noble
animal is. now in ."'the hanils'of a taxider
mist. .Within a lew dayi^tne mounted
torm of the'elk will' adorn tlie lodgeroom
of San: i'rancisco.LiOdge No. 3,. Benevo
lent and : Protepiive'. Order : of Klks. :
Animal Destined to Adorn
the Rooms of Local
o ge.
Pride of ParkDeer Pad
; dock Killed Because
/ .;:¦ of Temper.
BULLET ENDS
AN ELK'S LIFE
¦2S,
THE SA^ FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, 23, 1902.;
George Blissv a Pioneer of California and
One of the Picturesque Characters in, the
.'State's^ History, Passes Away Suddenly
NOTABLE CATTLE KING
SUMMONED BY DEATH
?"A':burglar was discovered in the base
rneUt;of;Panlel. F. McNeil's residence. 420
Thirteenth street, by Mrs. McNeil, Friday
night. ; about 8 o'clock. Mrs. McNeil
screamed for help and the burglar clam
bered through" a window, jumped over a
fence and made his escape. Mrs. McNeil
had a' fairly good look at the man's "face,
and the police hope to effect his arrest.
26
EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ Weak and nervous - people < should try_
a few doses of the ' Bitters. 'It ¦ (will
strength en -the. nerves, restore vigor to
the entire "system and cure ' Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia, Liver and Kid-
ney Troubles, and Malaria, Fever
and;Aii£eLv : ;
O 1 r r J nn\fl I Corner Fourth and
urn ,l n u i w l v«« -s-ij-sa 5
, ,., " _ vallaea checked frs*
THIS OUT. \ ' '
All Prescriptions or Mall Orders for Superior
Quality ¦ Eyeglasses ; should be ordered direct
from George . Mayerle, , San ; Francisco. ..:.> : .
(The wrong glasses ' will ruin the strongest
eyes.) ¦'•¦ '. ¦ '- ¦ .-. v ¦ ."..¦: ¦' ¦,' • s - - -
No glasses leave Mr. George Mayerle's Opti-
cal Institute unless ABSOLUTELY CORRECT
GEO. MATERLirS GLASSES STRENGTHEN
THE ETE AND BRAIN. t
««„- CN«CHE9TEH'« CNQU8H
Pennyroyal pills
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRO^.
J- C WILSON & C 3 , 900 B«uiy 8tr«.t.
* V» T» ILJt/H U V J». T«lephona Ma.tn IStU.
/ FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYFS^Cft* Shipping Butchen. 1W
JflJ. Dtfl L.3 tt WU ' gay; Tei. Mam 13SM.
OILS.
LTJ ?^ I ?d7 rN " 0 G } L^ WOXARD * ELLIS.
i!8 Front it.. S. F. Phoc. M»la 17U.
PRINTLNQ. ~*
F C HIIfiH^S V' PRINTER.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HlCi.S^JL'Dt> CO.,
23 First itntt. ««n FmiwI^hv
r^RKETbT. Sp*$SSr .
". Mayerle's ' Glasses cannot be had. from any
traveling optician. THE GENUINE must -be
ordered direct : from - GEORGE MAYERLB,
Graduate German Expert ' Optician, 1071 Mar-
ket street,- near Seventh, San Francisco. : Tele-
phone South 072. German Eyewater, ¦ 00c. . Mr.
George Mayerle has no branch offices, nor does
he employ any traveling opticians to repre-
sent him. '. ". • . . :. .•.;—-' .•¦¦',' ¦ :•
NOTICE'
#5^^^^" NEGLECTED EYE5I0ET
«2B?* AFKCT8 THE BBAIN.
FATHER AUGUSTINE McCLORY, O. F. M.
St. Boniface's Church, 110 Golden Gate avenue,
San Francisco. . * - »
It gives me much pleasure to recommend' to
the public Mr. Oeorge Mayerle of 1071 Market
street, San Francisco, strictly as a skillful and'
expert optician. My sight began to fall in
1877, twenty-five years ago, and since that
time I have been wearing glasses. I consulted
a prominent optician In Chicago, Dr. Holmes*
At different times since that I have had lenses
fitted on In St. Louis, Cleveland. O.. and also
tried the FUth-avenue opticians in Pitteburg,
who claim to be amonj the best In their line
in the country. ' I do not hesitate to say, that
I have met with better and more satisfactory
results with Mr. Mayerle than with I any ' of
the above named," who have much higher pre-
tensions. - Respectfully, V .
FRANCISCO.
Additional Honor Conferred
BY RBV. , FATHER AUGUSTINE McCLORY,
To every gentleman who sends his name
and address we will mail, free of charge,
a beautiful Souvenir Match Box and our
illustrated Catalogue of th 3 celebrated
*4S°SH0E
MAKERS OF THE FHIT-U SHOES,
9 AND II SANSOME STREET.
Factory 134-136 Main St. San Francisco, Cal. : '
"'"-*' • : ' -J.i: ,. "• ¦"''¦'.'¦ J - ' ¦•'¦'-' - '
; '; , .. ADVEBTISEME1ITS. . ¦ " .,_
We announce the arrival of 150
Cases NEW GOODS, the latest styles
and fabrics for Spring, 1902. In the
collection are the following :
Colored Dress Fabrics.
Silk and Wool Eolienne, Toile de Soie and'
Fleur de Velour, Wool Poplins, Etamine
- Voile, Etamine Canvas, Batiste and Tarn-
ise. Tlie above we have in all the newest
snauuSt ' .
Black Dress Fabrics.
Black Silk Grenadines, Wool Etamines,
plain and figured; Canvas Cloths. Wool
Taffetas, Silk and Wool Eolienne, Wool
Creces T .Samite Cloth, and Silk and Wool
,' Crepe de^ariSf,
Laces and Embroideries.
New LacB. Galoons^ All-ovep Nets, Mous-
seline de Sole, Silk and Appliaue Vestinus,
Chiiion and Net Rufflings,' Valenciennes
Lacs. Sets and Cambric Swiss, Nainsook
and Irish Point Embroideries in Sets.
SPECIAL.
New importation LADIES' 2-CLASP KID
GLOVES, embroidered backs (extra dual-
itu), fitted and guaranteed.
Price $1.00 Pair.
Mail orders promptly anl carefullu executBl
and samples forwarded free to anu address.
III. 113. 115. 117, 119; ; 12! POST STREETS
ADVEHTISEliIENTS.
O . — : — OM
1^1 cvr YV HSU I
t d~* ¦ ' j$ ' 1
i ,. vJOOOS# I
Now is the time to choose your wash goods while the i
novelties. are to be found— later on only staple patterns will M
remain and the best -will -have been chosen and you will re- 3
1 gret your negligence — everything is here now and ready to- H
I morrow — come early and pick out a few- dresses and waists ra
from among these early arrivals. . fl
New Drifis Ginghams— H
For waists, dresses and children's wear — some very new patterns and H
some extremely novel shading — the kind of gingham you usually Ret M
at 8 I-3C — begrinninj? to-morrow. .<>J4c Yard ffl
Black Grenadines — - m
We have just received a shipment of black grenadines, the most popu-r j|
!ar fabric of the year for spring and summer wear— in all the latest lace . «
effects, guaranteed fast black — our price ..". .25c Yard jju
New Foulards— - ... ; _..-.. . «
Some very exclusive desicms for the spring of 1002 have just come in — , 9
these new patterns are mercerized with a fine satin finish — iust the M
thing for dresses — in an immense variety of colors 35c Yard m
All-Wool Cra^h- , 1
I An entirely new fabric, woven just like linen crash, but made of .all- ||
I wool — comes in pretty hair and chalk line and snowflake effects : — in ||
I tans, modes, grays. Oxfords and cadets and new pastel mixtures— full .^8 g
I inches wide — if you want something distinctive by all means_ see this M
i line — very special 50c Yard |
I Latest T ta mine • uitings — • I
I A stylish, dressy cloth for summer — sheer open ' work effects, to be
I worn over colored lining — will be the swellest thing this season — these
I are strictly all wool, come in a good assortment of shades and also in a ;
j fast black — 38 inches wide — as a leader : . . . - 75c »Yard
AM- Wool Prunella Cloth— !
P Just the right material for a pretty Easter costume — comes in three
s-hades«of snake green, four of castor, three of pearl gray and three of j
vieux rose: also new blues.- rose, browns and black — all wool, with a I
rich panne satin finish — 38 inches wide — a regular dollar - cloth — ex- j
iremely fashionable — on sale beginning to-morrow .75c Yard
I EXTRA. \
l\ We have taken 20 pieces of the -famous Windsor cheviot suitings, j
i in shades of light and dark Oxford gray, pastel brown mixtures, navy j
blue and black, and offer them at a special value to-morrow — this is an j
extra heavy material, suitable for outing suits, short tramping skirts, I
cycling costumes, etc. — can be used without lining — is full 56 inches i
wide and is a regular dollar cloth — one week only. 50c Yard ]
] Samples of any of the above fabrics on application. 1
ST/ie abore goods are for sale at Market-strest Ctore ONLY.^ &
'' £j220~I222~f22'4' /tw/ffiT^^^^^*^ ]
> Dr. Meyers & Co., Twenty-One Years' 'Experience. .". O
I- ./^flJHMbX ' No Cure |
\ / $M® ¥ \ INO Hi3.V •
I / f^^ii '&aj A XT MA^ aVpltixo for 5
I I • "I ?2 i^^w treatment who has th» leait :
I n\*t *v ¥^\ ; ', (- doubt of their ability to cure a con- '•
> I x»'^» I tracted ailment, or to restore com- Ik
I I ' J t**&to& I - ' plete or partial loss of vitality, may • 2
k \ l?f liu , deposit the price of a curs in any Jf
i \ I TOviwii/MiF?*?^' / bank or with any well-known bust- w
' \ T / nes3 * 10Use or newspaper to San O
\ J x^^ta?!??!^ / Francisco, such deposit NOT to bo A
> \ 7%2ed<&i<ft& I pa!d t0 Dr - Meyers & Co. until th« a
\ \ >yn I^ffHPP^&i / patient is tlioroughly convinced that T
\ \ -3 -JI--. he la permanently cured. Payments •
' - NT*^! Y^w&pt^S '¦*•*'¦*' may be made In monthly Install- 9
)1: /•¦'-* ••> j fy' ments If preferred. A
| o— — o 2
I 7 here should be no such ailment as 2
| WEAKNESS I
. Diseases of men are not difficult to cure, but a physician must %
| recognizd the exact nature of an ailment and understand what ?
> remedy should be applied. %
I ' We make no bold promises, but we say with assurance that «f
I • unless your disease is beyond the extreme verge of hope, we can w
: surely and positively cure you. To the average physician diseases •
[' of men are classed Into certain groups and to every patient certain 9
' leneral remedies are prescribed which may have merit, but which ¦ •
) Ire not calculated to fltlhe exact condition of each individual/ Dr. s A
) mleyers & Co. compound their medicines and- modify their enrativ© a
j ;--. igencies bo that the treatment strikes at the very heart of th» 3
I trouble —^you ; -will be conscious almost from the very nrst of a re- ' S
I turning, health, a buoyancy, vigor, strength. •
' This; staff of physicians comprises the most able, experienced •
' specialists on the Coast. They are men who put the whole •
t A ¦ strength of their ability into every case, whether It be a mere A
) stubborn contracted disorder or the dangerous ailments as weak- e%
) . ' ness, varicocele. stricture, blood poison. " • ¦ Z:
\ ;': Wv They have cured 20,000 patients. They -will cure you. No cure, j?
[ r ° PaJ WRITE FOR BOOKLET, ®
\ Which. is mailed free In.plaiii envelope. 'Describe your disease ami 2
\ the physicians wilt write you a letter of advice e nfl •
|; DR. MEYEftS & G0.,- 73 2S^ el - i
- < - .. ¦ . ¦ - ~^ - •¦ \ -¦ ' -. . - ¦ ~~~ : - : : : — ¦
i? *! *, "Of- afe. 'Altcs , Electrta
B«it"' (with .' 3^5.<jfife • u • p • n »ory> * la
., guaranteed - ,_ v ¦ ' -. to Doaaeis ¦ all • th«
curative properUes ot " the expenslv* belt*
cow sold by doctor* and druggists, it give*
a very strong current of electricity and ta
rtilly regulated. : Bound '. to ~ - superseds
others. Can be hart from the underslgntti
only; NO AGENTS; SO DISCOUNT. Clr-
. rular free. Call fc address PIKRCK ELEC-
: TRIC CO.. 20S . Pojk : «t.. San Franciaco. oe
1143 Bro>dw W . yew York.- .
_ VVE OWN OUR OWM BUILDING -WE PAY NO RENT.
©flSH Parlor Suites
t^^^ /f^^S tf™Tgi^_ OK C czn furn ' sl1 y ou r parlor for
tl^^" it R^ fl^^HB f ' OU ' "^ USt '"' the very latest fads
t'VlP (l H"^S? Id r an^ fanc ' es in fine Parlor Suites.
Olk^JL^ V|W 8 "T* M ahogany finish. Upholstered in
b^W^?^^ U-K--J E Roman Silk Velourin any shade of
#%j !^5 g^^*S £ -?- 1 -^^^E, color, or in Bokhara Silk Damask or
f i^jp Tapestry, any style. The newest
£ w ff M Ws^ I H patterns and designs. Latest color-
iJI^fp^gps^^ Y Furniture Going:,
r^L^^ Is uw&i At low fisures> Ever y thin s in our
W$j? lk rki stock at prices that are b ° und to
(flfti \ tz. sel1 them ' Do you want an y thin 8
A^^.V^^^^^^jJgL *£ m Furniture,. Carpets, Rugs, Dra-
j^Uj^t^j4j2^^^.'i Pcries, Linoleums, Oilcloths, Stoves,
Irt **^ ¦iH L 7iBBl^"*"S etc.? We have it, and at prices that
L* ' —! iff will please and surprise. Don't for-
Free Delirery u» Oakland, Alameda^anil Berkeley.
THEJ. NOONANFURNITURECO..l nc
-'.. 1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth. ;8 an Francisco
%VE CLOSE AT 8 P. M. BVBRY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY. -General Committee Composed of One or More Vice Sachems From
All Counties in Ca ifornia Will Be Appointed— Delegates Are
Treated to Verbal Pyrotechnics and Resolutions Are Adopted
STATE LEAGUE OF IROQUOIS CLUBS
MEETS AND OUTLINES PLANS FOR
THE COMING POLITICAL CAMPAIGN
SAN .FRAN CISCO, SUNDAY, -FEBRUARY 23, 1902.
CHIEF STEWARD MARSHALL OF PERU
ATTEMPTS TO KILL HIS COMMANDER
CAPTAIN PILLSBURY, AT HONGKONG
Crazed With Dm^ of the Ship's Culinary- Department
Discharges a Rifle ,at the Skipper's Head; but the Bullet
Passes Through the Mariner's Coat and Inflicts No Injury
ilil to 36
Pages~27-to3d
tlon' before the Peru sailed. He was held
without ball for trial at some date when
the Peru Is again In that port.'
• Marshall has in the Mail Com
pany's service about four years. He has
the reputation of being a hard drinker
and is said to be dangerously quarrelsome
in certain stages of inebriation. -
Mrs. Jorgensen, the- stewardess, Is still
in a highly nervous condition as the re
sult of the almost-tragedy. She has been
with;; the Mall Company for. a number of
years. She was stewardess of the Nippon
Mare during her lengthy" detention at
Angel Island some years ago and Is held
in high esteem by the traveling public.
LEADING MEN OF STATE LEAGUE
OF IROQUOIS CLUBS, ANr>SCENE
' AT THEIR BANQUET.
The Brewers of Evans' Ale
Are ever ready to ..make "Improvements,
ever alert. to find better. methods. EVAX8*
has led! 'the progress of brewing for -116
years..- Sherwood & Sherwood, Pacific
Coast Agents. •
-,- Grizzled veterans of ' the ; Mexican War
dined : In a ; downtown rotisseiie :last night
and? fought the battles of lihat historical
conflict ,'over', • again! . -The banquet '. was
under the i auspices of the Associated -.Vet
erans of the 'Mexican" War, and was "given
'.Native. Sons',. Hall ;, was comfortably
filled last night at the patriotic entertain
mentiglven by: the Junior -Orderi of- United
American and JpaughtejsV'of
Liberty t In t commemoration ". of .V the \ I70th
anniversary .! of ' -Washington's , birthday.
The v ceremonies ii.were i presided" over ; iby
Charles «H.'.J.' Truman, ; who 'introduced
those -taking part. In Hhe ! programme. •
'. , The': principal' event of s the evenings was
.Another entertainment that attracted a
large -crowd was a benefit performance
given in Victory Theater for the Garden
City Athletic Club.
SAN JOSE, Feb.
birthday was generally observed here to
day by the closing: of the city and county
offices and most of the stores. The schools
and Grand 'Army, societies held their" ex
ercises yesterday and last night.
x "Old settlers' 'day,'* which has been an
annual event in Campbell, brought out a
large gathering. There was- a fine musical
programme and literary 'exercises. After
organization and a few remarks' by Chair
manConklln. Dr. William Windsor of
fered a'prayer. Professor' R.M. Allen of
Stanford delivered an- address. Luncheon
wa3 spread In the big Ainsley cannery,
and 'during the feast there was a flow of
brilliant oratory. Judge W. H. Myrick
acted as - toastmaster. .Those who spoke
were : /'East and -Vest," Professor Alden:
"Our ; Free. Public ".Library," Professor
Jones; "Washington." the" First: Ameri
can,'*. Rev.' J- H. Wythe-v; J,^ — ''
To-night the Policemen's Protective As
sociation gave a ball In -Turn Verein Hall
for. the benefit of Police Captain "Mon-oe
who has been nil for several ra/onths. Chief
of Police Kidward and his daughter" Miss
Carrie Kldward, led theg rand march. The
affair. waswell attended. . -
Birthday of the First President In
Observed in Santa Clara
County.
OLD SETTLERS ATTEJTD *
EETJNION IN CAMPBELL
Be it resolved. By the California State League
of Iroquois Clubs in conference assembled; that
we sincerely mourn the untimely death at the
hands of an assassin of William McKinley.' late
President of the United States, and express our
appreciation of his many , manly virtues, and
hia important public services. .
On motion of W. M.' Gibson: it was de-"
cided to refer. all resolutions to be offered
to the conference to the committee.ion
resolutions without debate.' ¦- . '
- It being the privilege of* all delegates
to . introduce resolutions "•• and ' have . them
read before being acted upon by the com
mittee, T.--C.: -Spelling- submitted two,
The legal objections to the reading of
Raabe's resolution" having ; been swept
away. by the organization of the confer
ence, it was read and - referred to? the
committee on resolutions without 1 debate.
When the committee reported later, the
resolution was presented in this form and
adopted:
A committee- on organization -of cam
paign was also appointed. It. consists of
H. L. Bienfield, J. M. VPlunkett, ;J/T.
Bennett. Oscar Hocks ana F. Gavin. „
On motion of W. M. Cannon the follow-*
Ing named were appointed as a commit
tee on resolutions: W. M. Cannon, J. G.
Maguire. A. A. Bailey, T. J.- Packard, W.
M. Gibson, J. B. Sandford, J. Rothschild,'
T. C. Spelling and N. Bowden/ . -\ ."i '
OneJda Club — James McCloskey. James Mee.
S. T. Costello. Paul Duckelman. Fred Raabe,
Herman Joost, David yBarry, William D.
Hj-r.es. /
Los Angeles —^W. F. Allender.
San Diego— Henry E.' Mills. j
Salinas — B. V. Sargent. I ' , • '
Selma — Judge E. H. Tucker. - ¦¦ * ¦
Pinole — Joseph L. Walton.' William A. Ray. •
Napa— Frank Alexander, Joseph Walsh.
Elmlra— M. D. Cooper, j William H. Fry,
Thomaa Kilkenny. ¦ , * ' ,
San Rafael — M. F."*-Cochrane, "M. Herzog,
Hugh J. M. Mcleaacsf A. E. Scott. J. W^. Coch
rane. Emmet Hayden, Charles Burrey, Louir
Smith. .
Sacramento — Morris Brooke, J. D. Conriell.
Bakersfleld— T. J. Packard. ..
Frultvale— J. Aubrey Jones. •
licKENLEY'S DEATH MOUBNED.
Ukiah— J. C. Ruddock, Joseph" Hlldreth, P.
Connelly, K. <1. Chase, John Cunningham. J.
Q. White, T. E. Long, J. B. Sanford. Abbe P.
Scott.
German/American Democratic Club — Otto
Guy, August Hansen. Otto Llnders.
• Democratic Central Club — Thomas J. Alford.
J. W. Cramer. Andrew Olsen.
Sulsun— W. J. Downing, James A. Keys and
J. J. Pfister.
Walnut Creek — F. Gavin and W. S. Burpee.
GrsBF Valley — George Fletcher. ' \
Stockton — William M. Gibson.
San Lorenzo — E. J. Holland.
San Jose — Nicholas Bowden.
Marlposa— John A. . Wall.
San Leandro — M. S. Rawson and Isaac B.
Ury. - ,i -¦--'-:. .
M. Chapman. A. Salling^r. A. J. McMahon,
A. W. Bailey. R. H. Caven. W. W. Bott, G.
Goethals, T. A t McMahon and A. Williams.
Plumas— diaries E., McLaughlin.
San Luis OWsdo— A. McAllister, Louis
Lainey, K. P. Rogers and William Graves.
Petaluma — J. P. Rodger*. H. Kahn, J. Mc-
I^aughlln. E. E. Dreese.- Ben Ames. Gallant
Re-ixis and H. H. Maynard.
Woodland— Byron Hall and Elmer N. Arm
field. • J
LIST OF THE DELEGATES.
Orand Sachem Charles II. Holcomb, Vice
r.rani Sachem A. A. Bailey. Grand Treasurer
Louis Metzger. Grand Secretary L. J. Welch.
Urand Organizer Ma* Popper.
Past Grand Kachems Jamee V. Coleman.
?"harl^* *»• WVIler. Max Popper, George H.
<:abani6e. Isouis Metxger and John C. Rud
dock.
Vice Sachem* Joseph Rothschild, J. J.
Dwyer. T. J. Crowley. Oscar Hocks, -Morris
Brook*.. Nicholas Bowden. Joseph Greer,
Jcsaph M. Piunketi. J. M. .ianler, P. S. Hig-
f 1 ™".' 5 d T ar 'i. T - M «nn«*an. Hugo ABher. J.
Larly Craig. Fred H«*. Mose Hein«. James P.
Booth. James H. Barry, V. A. Ostrom, Wil
liam M. Gibson, J. P. Urien, H. Hertzbrun, E.
Godchaux. J J Greeley. T. E. Treaey.
(ieorse R- Code. Stephen a. Byrne. John Pro
sek. M. C. Hassett. J. P. Hayes. Joseph Cam
ixxienico. T. J. Packard and . W. D. Farren.
San Francisco Club — Past Sachcras Max
Topper, Charles GUdea, Charles L. Weller,
l>juis F. Byingten, A. D. Lemon, L. J. Welch
L. V. Merle. Thomas J. Walsh. William Mc-
Mann and William Cannon. IVleirateF—
James G. Mapulre, H. 1^. tUenneld, William J.
Bryan. W. "3.* Brobeck. Joseph Rothschlid,
Charles Buttlar. Albert Leaf. William J. Loche
Joxeph Nouges*. Hugh Syron, Joseph Gorman'
J*L S. Bailey. George Hildebrant, R. p. Troy.
"^ A. Byrn«. William H. Kline. JoUnT.Ben
¦•tfitt. John Earnett. Clitus Barbour William
U. Cubery. T. Carl Spelling, J. E. O'Brien and
John Hanlon. **
Contra Costa — J. Colloback, P. Morsan. - C."
I'resldent McKinley. He demanded that
it be read, whereupon Charles GUdea pro
tested on the ground that as the confer
once was not yet organized It could- not
transact business. Joseph Rothschild
urged that the resolution be read and a
motion to that effect precipitated a warm
iii>cusfion. in -which John Barnett
ci^&rged that Raabe was not a delegate
to the conference. Motion followed mo
rion with bewildering promiscuity until at
Vngth it was decided to postpone action
until after the conference was permanent
l-Y organized.
J^ committee on credentials was appolnt
«-«i by. the sachem as follows: A. A.
}ialiey, Martinez; H. L. Bienfield and A.
D. Ltmon. A recess of five minutes was
then taken to allowthe committee to pre
rare Its reoort. and at the expiration of
that time the committee reported that
tvrenty-seven clubs were represented. It
was shown that Raabe was supplied with
Moper credentials and he was accordingly
*,-1ven a seat upon the floor. The officers
and delegates were:
Holcomb when Fred Baabe precipitated
a wrangle by introducing a resolution in
the shape of a memorial on the death of
THE State League of Iroquois
Clubs held a lively conference
in Pythian Castle yesterday.
The meeting was called for the
purpose of organizing the Dem
ocracy of the State for Effective
work during: the coming cam
paign. The number of clubs represented
v. as twenty-seven, and the rollcall showed
that over one hundred delegates were in
attendance. '
The meeting had scarcely been called
to order by Grand Sachem Charles H.
. .'Judge C. E. McLaughlln of Plumas
County, was the ¦ next', speaker, v He said
he became a Democrat years ago, when
he heard the slogan of Allen G.Thurman
that a tax sufficient only 'to meet the ex
penses of government was the keynote of
the Democratic' party. The [Republican
party, -he went "on; was. 'the father •' of
trusts;" and no one who loved his country
and fellow-men - could conscientiously,
DEMOCRATIC PRINCIPLES.
Gorman insisted that no good results
could be accomplished unless the various
counties were given representation on the
committee. A prolonged discussion fol
lowed with the result that the committee
on organization accepted Gorman's sug-
Kestlon against Ruddock's protest. An
amendment was offered by Kildea that
not less than five vice sachems from each
county be appointed .to the committee,
and when this waa . presented Ruddock
amended with fine sarcasm that the num
ber be not less than one from each coun
ty. The chair declared this as meaning
one or more, and on this Solomon-like in
terpretation the amendment ; was carried
It having been announced by the com
mittee oh resolutions that It -was not yet
ready to file its report, the delegates were
treated to Democratic oratory. Lafe Pence
was the first speaker. He spoke of the
methods employed by; Democratic- party
managers In Indiana: The secret of suc
cess of the party In- that " State was
thorough organization. . To say that there
.is no Democratic organization, - in- San
Francisco was erroneous.- Notwithstand
ing conditions which rendered the- defeat
of Tobin for Mayor- Inevitable, a t majority
of the Board of Supervisors, a City At
torney and District Attorney were re
elected by Democratic votes. ,
"That the people of San Francisco are
satisfied with the result which has thrust
upon them a Mayor, who :1s the puppet
of Abe Ruef," the speaker said, was not
evident. If the election were held over
again. . insisted the speaker, Tobin would
be elected .hands down. Pence claimed
amid applause, that this would be a Dem
ocratic year in California, and ventured
the prediction that the entire State ticket
of that party would be elected. -
After recess the committee on organiza
tion reported in favor of appointing a
general. committee of not more than live
vice sachems from each assembly district
for the purpose of formulating plans for
an effective State campaign.
Joseph Gorman stated that some of the
Assembly Districts have more than one
ccunty, and he suggested that each coun
ty be allowed live members.
John C. Ruddock, protested against- this
plan. What he wanted was more commit
teemen. He did not believe it proper. to
fix the maximum at five members from
each Assembly District, but desired to
see that number specified as the mini
mum.
which were .read. One • was directed
against the absorption of the wealth Of
the nation, by corporations and Individ
uals and called the attention of Congress
to the immediate necessity of amending
the constitution so as to prevent the evils
resulting to the industrial life of the na
.ticn resulting from the unlimited forma
tion of trusts. The other resolution com
mended the commissioners who were sent
to Washington in the interests' of Chinese
exclusion. Both resolutions were referred
to the committee on resolutions.
DISCUSS ORGANIZATION PLANS.
to celebrate Washington's birthday and
the battle of Buena Vista. Hundreds of
passersby peered through the windows of.
the restaurant and were impressed by the
appearance of the defenders of the flag,
dray hairs covered the head of every
guest and age had stamped its mark oh
all their countenances. Not more than
twenty veterans were able to be present
but those who attended enjoyed a delight
ful evening. Incidents of camp-life, sto
ries and anecdotes of Taylor and oth<?r
famous Americans were told with new in
terest; the campaigns that led to victo
ries for this country were recounted by
the men who were there, and the events
in which they figured, although they hap
penea three-score years ago, were stlU
fresh Jn their memories.
W. c. Burnett, president of the asso
ciation, was toastmaster. He Introduced
each speaker in clever fashion and kept
the flow of talk from waning by recalling
some incident and inviting a comrade to
tell what he remembered of the occur
rence. Colonel Andrews sang "Morlar
ity, a song familiar to the veterans.
Secretary William L. Duncan delivered
some interesting addresses. Treasurer
Sydney J. Loupe spoke in defense of the
Soldiers at Yountvllle and refuted
the slanders made against It by scandal
mon 1 ? e "-"-.He-saId' it was the grandest
institution^ of Its kind in the country,
and he said he felt honored to be a mem
ber of its governing board. He called
upon a veteran present who 13 an Inmate
of the home to corroborate his state
ments, and he did so In no uncertain
terms. President Burnette was crowned
with a sprig of smilax by Comrade An
drews and the festive gathering adjourned
by singing "Auld Lang Syne."
i Among those seated at the banquet
board were: Comrades Burnett. Duncan.
Loupe. Kurbaum, Thlstleton. Shaupp. Ba
ker, Kellogg, Koster, Clary. Murphy, Ban
nister. Byrnes. Harold. Snellback, Deane,
Rugh and Andrews. The association has
400 members, but as the years go by the
number is gradually dwindling. Gather
ings of this kind have a tendency to bring
the old soldiers together and are always
enjoyed by. the men who figured in the
historic battles of Buena Vista, Santa
Cruz and Chapultepec.
PERU'S MASTER.- WJIO ¦ WAS
-;• SHOT AT BY STEWARD MAR
- SHAL-K .-'
DRAWS I^ESSOlTFIlbM OCCASION?
During the evening" musical. 1 : selections
were : played : by ; an . orchestral and ' songs,'
recitations and " sketches '• were ¦: presented
bv Miss Ella-V/'-McCloskey.<Mlss Etta M.
Welsh, Miss - Lillian -; M.'* Qulnn; . Oscar > S.
Frank, John Casad and,Wllliam J. Hynes.
forefathers declared for political equal
ity and the abolition of. class distinction.: These
propositions were . : declared In Europe to be
revolutionary * and • impossible i except • by ; terri
ble - carnage and : the development of the ' worst
passions of mankind. In. France, the declar
ation for these principles caused blood to flow
and a reign of terror. - -\\ ¦¦;" • ..'.; * '. . - '.
•:. Here on a'verdant soil, where men were close
to nature and were, calm, sedate and resolute,
these declarations were worked out In peace and
the problem of political I equality was " eoI ved."
.•Europe looked on In wonder and declared that
our country would ' be destroyed by anarchy ;as
the result of the abolition of class distinction.
¦ The ¦ great . victory •: that "this i. country,' will
achieve 'will be the solving of. the problem that
has confronted '.-. the . world v for . the " last »; few
vears We will ; do ; so. ." for. : our - forefathers
bullded well."" They broke down class barriers
and ability and true -worth were made the
sole tests of citizenship, v ~_ __ ', -• -;'-.¦,
¦•The organization gathered here "to-night -Is
not content to. lie still like the mollusks at the
bottom of the; ocean \ while the great: waters
are surging overhead. 'Once: a' year; we -call
you together j to ; listen 'briefly ' to : the ¦ life and
deeds of • George ; Washington. / May our effort j
juBtify calling you ( here •. to" listen to .the , high
Ideals that ¦ underlie ' this Government* ofj ours.
, ' Employers and ; employes are - reaching for
high ideals' In America. They; are demanding
truth In politics, in science, in religion and, In
business. • Those who | are to solve this prob
lem will make this country the theater where
it is to be worked out. '.-.' •• ¦ • -. {;¦¦¦¦¦
People Beach for High- Ideals.
I was much impressed in reading a letter sent
by Washington to a close, friend who previous
to an election "asked ; for a" position. Wash
ington : replied that 1f .elected as President he
would go to the chair under no obligations and
that. when seated. in it he would do his duty
solely for the good of the public, and country.
It . is ; not • necessary : to review the life of
the Father of his Country, for it is well known
to .you'; all. _ In this present day the 'ideals of
the people of this country are as pure," earnest
and lofty ¦ as were those of ' the citizens who
lived In the first days of our nation, r. The best
In human nature must > come • to the top. . It
may seem x that men lose sight of the deeds
and principles of the -, founders, 'but ' It is not
no. This country is called upon -to solve the
greatest problem of all times, and. this country
is to: be the theater of a problem affecting all
men and all -.nations. The problem Is that of
the relations of capital and labor. We realize
Us importance for. it has affected every nation
In the world. ' " . - : .J : Z K '-/. j ¦
Yet Paine called this a "design of .Washing
ton to\>btain the applause of the crowd, 'and
the author called Washington a Pharisee. This
instance: but 'shows that human nature, worked
against - great men in those days as it does
at the present : time. . ?
Called Washington a Pharisee.
When they placed themselves In hostility to
the mother country, the command of the army
was given to George Washington. For eight
long years without pay. he devoted his time
and skill for the interests of his country and
for liberty. ¦> He met with many disappoint
ments, he suffered more ¦ defeats than he se
cured victories, yet with all • he was deter
mined and. resolute. He not only fought for
his country, but he also had. to contend with
cabals at home. .When he laid down his sword
and .like Cincinnatus returned to his" home, he
was called to take . the place as • the first head
of the nation. He found as much opposition
and one as- strong as that, which to-day re
sists and,oppose8 men of. great trust.
Imagine. "- it you ,< can, the great and . noble
Washington assailed by | petty jealousy '¦ and
cabals\of all kinds. As an instance of what
he had. to. contend with. I .will cite the casa
of Tom Paine, the; author of "The, Age. of
Reason." Paine had been arrested in France,
and had asked Washington to secure his re
lease. Washington, for good reasons; refused
to do eo. When Paine was set at liberty he
returned to America. At that time Washing
ton was< making a triumphal tour of the coun
try. On. all sides, • in the cities and the vil
lages, he was welcomed ¦ with open arms by
the inhabitants. 1 •...¦..'¦' •>">-'.
Fought Cabals at Home.
counted >on one's finders, and communication
between them was . difficult. - The ". colonists
grew up amid the dress , which nature , wore;
they breathed an ozone that Impregnated them
with liberty; • The conditions that surrounded
them fostered a spirit of resistance to oppres
sion. ' ; ;'-¦ - , -. f : ¦¦ ; - ¦.
"Better it. would be, the ' speaker - con
cluded/that the vast fabric of the Amer-'
lean Government should fall utterly ;than
that ' It .should exist corrupted.'and : con
taminated by -• the 'vices." ,; doctrines * and
usages of Asiatic colonists.- ~\i _':'
In addition- to the address Masters
Claudle .Walker and Cheater. Cohen;per
formed a ' clever juvenile black - face turn
and W. G.".Sass"and Miss Josephine ;Cus
sie rendered a ' laughable -sketch called
'^The Happy Pair." Miss Cordie Wetjen,
a ¦ whistler . of wide range and . singularly
flute-like tones, gave two ; selections ' and
C. rM.'O'Dell sang a tenor solo. - The en
tertainment closed with a dance.
JVIEXICAN VETERAN'S' BANQUET.
The speaker reverted briefly to the home
life of Washington, which he regarded as
a model v for all; Americans,; and com
plained of the scant consideration ¦ given
to the' Influence exerted on the early his
tory, of : our country by Martha.Washing
ton. \ .
On occasions like the present, he said. It
was proper, to try to draw a lesson from
the careers of . the : great men who ¦ were
commemorated. In this instance the les
son was '¦ evident. If Washington were
alive to-day, he said, it would be his aim
to preserve the "American ¦ republic from
an industrial serfdom, aa it had been his
achievement to save it- from political
servitude. His would be the first voice to
be raised in protest against' the invasion
of » these shores by; hordes of .Chinese la
borers ; to compete with the workmen of
America- To, ; all their pleas, 'he .said,
Washington eould only have answered, -."I
have seen- to what. condition . you have
brought, your ' own > country and . I . do not
want you so to debase mine." - .
{Washington's \ Home Life.
He dwelt on the inferiority in equipment
and . training under which the soldiers of
Washington suffered, as. compared with
the well drilled and equipped- soldiery of
the English forces." No less discouraging,
he said were the plaints and calumnies
of Washington's own countrymen, : who
stayed at home to revile the liberator and
embarrass . him while he and his gallant
companions faced- the foe. . ".
Among the leaders of the revolution, he
said, there were, many men who deserve
to rank among the bravest and best of
all lands, but there was one of them who
stands out from even these giants, one
In whose cool judgment and brave guid
ance the movement for the foundation of
the republic had its staunchest bulwark,
a name that will always be a treasure ana
an inspiration to the most perfect govern
ment .on earth— George Washington.
He' pictured in vivid language the diffi
culties with which the colonists had to
contend Un their struggle for freedom
and how.' at the most critical- .moment.
when factional' disputes seemed liable to
disrupt and defeat the movement for sep
aration from England, there arose a fig
ure combining the craft of statesmanship
with - the bravery and training of a: sol
dier, -who bore -the- responsibility of coal
escing all the divergent elements, and by
his personality brought about a united
front to the enemy. ¦ .
Many Deserve Honor.
the address delivered by Franfe-R. Mar
getts "on George Washington. Owing to
the; lateness of the hour when the exer
cises .were begun < the speaker felt con
strained to omit a" large portion of the
speech as prepared .by him, . and it was" a
matter "of -regret to .• the . entire audience
that he chose this course. From the se
lections that were delivered it was patent
that he had made a close and Intelligent
study, of the career and character of the
greatest of patriots, and was prepared to
give a masterly study of his subject Jn
eloquent and impressive terms. .
God,', he said, had endowed the territory
under the dominion of the United States
with all the natural riches enjoyed by
the rest of the world, and as a crowning
gift had decreed that these blessings
should be enjoyed by a free and intelli
gent people. That this, might be so it
was necessary that there be a revolution.
Before the foundation of the Western re
public the riches, of the earth had been
the spoils of the aristocracy of other
lands. -It was In the scheme ot things, he
said, that the mass of the people should
enjoy them in this country. In Its result,
he said, the American revolution was the
greatest movement in the history of hu
man liberty.
Captain .•„ Pillsbury's head has recovered
from v its encounter with Marshall's rifle
barrel, but his coat Is locked, up with the
Police ! Court records at Hongkong.
.' . The sessions - of ¦ .' the conference closed
with a banquet at a. prominent downtown
restaurant . at 7 o'clock.' Covers for 125
were laid. The toastmasterwas W.-M.
Cannon and seated; near 1 him were the
principal speakers" of -the evening. On
the mantel in' the; rear were the national
colors, framing in a . painting of -Wash
ington." Each guest was ¦ provided with a
small flag and ¦ during the discussion • of . a
rich menu the greatest* enthusiasm 'was
manifested in : all - things that pertained to
Democracy and .national: affairs. ; Cheers
were" given at Intervals for . the . more
prominent guests. : during -which the .Iro
quois yell was conspicuously -In evidence:
Before t the • speechmaking : began - Judge
Cabaniss presented" to s W. M. Cannon,^ on
behalf of the San Francisco Iroquois Club,
a diamond studded emblem usually given
to retiring sachems. Cannon' made felici
tous response and ' then read" telegrams
and letters from Admiral Dewey,. William
Jennings Bryan, -Senators : Tillman -. and
Jones. .Tammany Hall' and -others
acknowledging receipt^ of invitations to at
tend the banquet and •- expressing . regret
at vheir inability to-be present.: . ,• ,
City Attorney,- Franklin K.'Lane ¦' re
sponded .to --the toast of "Washington."
Registrar Thomas J. .Walsh sang amid
applause "The Sword of Bunker r. Hill. 7
James H. Barry spoke of -"Democracy"
and William- J. Locke s-poke to the toast
of *'Our Country." Commandant Snyman
of the Boer - armyl roused his ', hearers to
frequent' outbursts: of applause with " his
excellent' -talk'- on -.""Human: :¦ Liberty.'.'
Other-- addresses ; were •• -made '• by . Lafe
Pence, : Louis Metzger," L.- F. Byington and
others, v The - affair was : a happy : one ( and
wa3 heartily enjoyed by all in attendance;
Banquet to League Delegates.
espouse the tenets of that ¦ organization.
McLaughlln talked of. the dinner pall and
reviewed at some length the policy of the
protective tariff without, however, find
ing anything therein worthy of commen
dation or admiration. His reference to
the Democratic leaders, past and present,
Tilden and Hl|l, were greeted with cheer.s.
His declaration against fusion was warm
ly received. •¦ \
Brief remarks were made by Police
Judge Cabanlss. A. A. Bailey.:. W. M. Gib
son. Nicholas Bowden, Joseph B. Keenan
and Max Popper. These speakers urged
the concentration of -the Democratic
forces as the keynote to success In the
coming campaign.- The allusion to Bryan
by Popper a3 the man who, though twice
defeated, represented the principles of
true Democracy, was greeted with cheers.
The committee on resolutions submitted
Its report, which. was unanimously adopt
ed. The resolutions condemned the trusts,
recommended an amendment to the Fed
eral constitution for arresting the concen
tration of wealth, denounced the proposed
Philippine tariff, extended sympathy to
the Boers, designated the sending of a
special envoy to the coronation of Kins
Edward as an act of flunkeylsm, indorsed
the Chinese exclusion .bill, favored the
election of United States Senators by.ul
rect vote of ; the people, recommended- the
construction 1 of warships at "the Mare
Island Navy Yard, wished success to the
letter-carriers- In - their efforts to -secure
better pay, recommended ; the defeat . of
Assembly amendment No." 28 to the State
constitution abolishing various commis
sions. Indorsed legislation designed to
bring- about* a more equable assessment
of corporation property and -franchises
and Indorsed Admiral Schley because of
his victory at Santiago. ;: .-/.¦.,
- The election of ¦ officers for the current
year resulted In the selection of the pres
ent official list. .; The delegates' were
unanimous In the matter and. there w.is
no competition for any -. of the offices.
After raising money necessary to meet
the expenses of the league an • adjourn
ment was taken. ;; .'
Let us pause to look at =. his . environments
and those of. the colonists who came to this
country to seek 'a haven of rest. They looked
rot Into the country ' beyond, but like a ship
wrecked ' mariner settled on the edge of the
continent. Before them lay the rugged moun
tains and the dense forests inhabited by wild
beasts and tavage Indians. In Washington's
time the cities of this country cauld have been
The name of Georse Washington calls up a
figure that stands alone. : There is none other
like it in human' history. "Grand and digni
fied,' he commands the respect of " the ¦ entire
world. Beside him the. other great figures
pass Into Insignificance." Caesar, Alexander.
Hannibal and Napoleon all fade away beneath
the light, of Washington's grandeur of pur
liose. ; '• ¦ _ •
Washington Stands Alone.
¦Ladles and Gentlemen:. We meet here to
night under the auspices of- the Young Men's
Institute,' as ' I hone we shall meet many times
in years to come, to perfect a sacred and
wholesome duty. It Is an expression- of sacred
.obligation and rratitude for services done;, it
is wholesome because it involves ' lofty pur
poses and greatness achieved. It is proper
and -wise that" the youths I of this community
should gather together to-day and Invite their
f riends : to ; be present In order that they may
revere- the name of George Washington and
try to jlcarn something: ¦ of his life's -lessens.
' ; It la said ¦ that In . the present day that men,
call th«": ' commercial ¦"¦ era '..the .*taote - ringing
strongest,;' In . the . youth gX -the nation Is . a
mercenary'- 'one." 5 * "It la said'sthat tho ideals '61
long , ago no longer; offer inducement to the
youth'of the : community. . fc*S . *¦'•_ y
¦I 4<V not believe this.' From what I' know
of the- y'o-uth of this city,' and' I suppose that
the youths of other cities are the same, their
•purposes are Just as high and • jfust • as ¦ true
. as : were those of the youths of > revolutionary
times. ¦ : ' '-" .'•¦•¦ ,' -~ '¦ . ¦'¦':'¦ *;¦'¦'¦ I: -
Judge Frank J. Murasky, the orator of
the evening, -was accorded a. rousing wel
come when introduced • to the audience.
Hia address was frequently applauded and
he was given an ovation when he closed
his remarks. ~ "¦«••.
. Judge Murasky said in part:
Judge Murasky's Address.
Ladles and Gentlemen: . It is now 1 TO years
since the birth of George Washington, who for
the love of his country served it so much
patriotism and honor, >vho gave his • services
tor liberty with the hope of perpetuating it.
We who are gathered tore can attest that- he
buildcd better^ than j he ." knew. • When he died
this country was • very small j as compared • to
the nations of that time. ..,'.•.-•,: . - -
His memory needs ijq . towering shaft or
monument, for it lies in a; tabernacle greater,
grander and holler, and more everlasting than
any man can construct, for : he lives m- the
hearts of his countrymen. ... All over the United
States and In every portion fit the world where
a loyal American can ba found to-day thoughts
go rrom mind and heart to the ¦ father of his
country — George Washington. - ; --..,.
In this spirit the Young Men's' Institute re
spectfully . offers Its testimonial "in regard . to
his memory. Merged in f his being of great
Ideals, ha had the deepest regard for religion
and morality. - -
In the name of the Young Men's Institute
I "extend to you a cordial welcome and hope
that .these exercises may quicken your regard
for ahe memory of George Washington ¦ and
strengthen your love for the Stars and Stripes,
the symbol of liberty for 80,000,000 of people.
..Now, as ever, In peace. or In. war, let the
Young /Men's Institute be true to its motto,
"Pro Deo, pro Patrla," "For. God, tor Coun
try."
.The celebration of the one hundred and
seventieth anniversary ; of. the birth of
George Washington,'- held t last evening , "at
Metropolitan .Temple under ; the auspices
of the board of management of the Young
Men's Institute, attracted - • an audience
that filled the big building to its capacity.
The interior ot . the building •: . was deco
rated In national nags, bunting and ever
greens, while a large . portrait ; of • the
father of his country occupied a promi
nent position on the- stage,- festooned : in
the folds of the emblem of: the nation. - '
, Robert Tobm, president of the board of
management, introduced D. ¦ J. O'Leary,
the presiding officer, • who, ' in his speech
of welcome, said: V •' ,-',-._ . ,
: Marshall was disarmed and put in Irons
The affair: was reported to the United
States Consul, who notified the police au.
tnorltles..; -Marshall, a few hours later
was lodged In. Jail. A search of nis room
showed, that the steward had laid" In a
'.'warlikeistock of ammunition. " ¦ ¦.
Marshall had . his , preliminary . examlna-
"Captain Pillsbury, I -am going to kill
you, he said,- and without further warn
ing raised the piece and fired. The bullet
passed through the shoulder of the.cap
tain's coat and buried itself in a panel
of the cabin wall. . ¦ \ .
Pillsbury sprang upon Marshall and In
the struggle to disarm- him- -received '.'a
severe blow on the head with, the barrel
of the firearm.- ".'-• '
Half an hour latter Marshall dropped In
on the stewardess again. , This, time with
an apology.- By, this time Mrs. Jorgensen
had become hysterical and when Mar
shall staggered oif - to his room she ap
pealed to Captain - Pillsbury for protec
tion. The skipper had her removed to an
other part of the ship. He saw her in
stalled in her , new quarters and was sit
ting down In the saloon near by," when
Marshall again appeared, on ; the scene.
The steward was armed with a,Winches
ter ritie. '. ¦; „¦¦-.•;. ¦"-¦¦ • _ .. •¦¦
I'l.AI. GOING TO KILL YOU."
Captain Pillsbury ordered him ; to His
room. , Marshall refused to go. -Pillsbury
grabbed the. steward, who closed with the
master in. a struggle which ended, when
they both rolled to the . deck. At this
time Night Watchman James McDermott
appeared and under Captain Pillsbury's
orders conducted Marshall to his quar
ters. • ¦¦ :¦-• ¦ . ¦ • " ¦ - ¦¦• - • ' ,
OBDEBED TO HIS' ROOM.
j According, to Captain Pillsbury's story,
the. trouble occurred, about 1 o'clock on
the morning of January. 23. The steam
ship was lying at Hongkong. Marshall
had been ashore and returned to the shlpV
somewhat the worse" for liquor. A few
minutes after . getting onboard' he went
tq the door of. the stateroom occupied by
Stewardess Josephine § Werme • Jorgensen
and demanded admittance." This was re
fused and Marshall commenced hammer
ing on the door, ana generally raising a
disturbance: , The ¦ noise • attracted the at
tention : of^.Captaln' Pillsbury, who hurried
to the scene. Before he arrived Marshall
"had forced open the door and -was inside
the stateroom. • • . ¦"¦ • \ :.
¦; '..¦ ' * ;-Vv Captain' ¦,• A." F. Pillsbury, the
•Peru'.s..\* commander. Captain Pillsbury
has a bullet-pierced, uniform ctfat in
Hongkong v to show how N nearly success
ful -was . ; Marshall's attempt • and '..' every,
member, of the, Peru's company has- a
lively recollection of, the early hours, of
January 23, when the trouble occurred.,
. ¦» ,~ LBERT . MARSHALL., i chief
¦ ' ; steward of '; the \ Pacific • Mall
,' I \ .steamship Peru, . which arrived
| / yesterday from the : Orient, , is
•'/ tt\l~ In"* Jail; at Hongkong, charged
<L\ -'.'J^- ..with: attempting \ to • murder
Young Men's Institute Holds
Its Annual Cels-:
bratioiL. '-M$
Judge Murasky; Delivers
Oration Before Vast
Assemblage..
HONOR MEMORY
OF WASHINGTON
V^Sfi^ _ , _, - - T^fclFrin.'" ~. ''™ W ' mli*;^'- 1 -^- • f .^,. j ; Vi ASTORIA— Sailed ¦ Feb 22— Bktn Addenda,
for Valparaiso; Ger bark Relnbek, for Queena
town; Ger bark-Bertha, for Hamburg; Br stmr
Pembrokeshire, for St Vincent ;.Br stmr Hata
¦u, for Vladivostok. > . ¦ > , , -.->¦ , •,
Arrived ¦ Feb ' 22— Fr hark Bldart.' from Nan
tes;. Br bark BankleUrh.. from Huasco; Br shin
Sierra Ventana; from Adelaide. 1 ' •' • . ~ f -
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb . 22— Ship , Kennebec.'
for " Se.n Frartclsco; ' stmr .' Dolphin. : for Skag
way; atmr Newport, for "Quadra Bay; <8chr
Al vena, ¦• for Tacoma. ' • .. ¦¦ -
• PORTLAND— Arrived Feb 22— Br snip Lota,
from Camera. •"•••^jjrT[m^TWTiwa<hBMinitaitL|fei!Mj
' PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Feb 22-^-Bark Fres- :
no, . for San ¦ Francisco. - ¦,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per ship Geo Curtis, from ; Honolulu— Left
Honolulu i Feb 1. On Feb 2 . had strong NE
wind and- heavy squalls, increasing to a gale
Hove to for 24 hours, cargo shifting heavy to
port. All hands employed for two days shift
ins cargo .to starboard. Feb 12, heavy SE
gale, shifting to SW. : Ship hove to under
lower man topsails for 24 hours. Feb 14 wind
backed | to . SE, | with heavy squalls, carrying
away lower fore topsail and splitting main top
sail and foresail. Heavy, seas, with flight
winds ana occasional moderate gales from SE
to Feb 21. Feb 22, 1 am, sighted South Far
ralon lisht. Took pilot on. board at 10 a m,
and came to anchor, outside 'the bar at. 12 m
In heaving up the : anchor broke ¦ large - cog
wheel of windlass: and lost anchor and 16
fathoms of chain. Took tug boat's hawser at
8:30 p m and proceeded to port through north
channel, arriving at 8 p m.
MEMORANDUM.
VICTORIA, ' B C. Feb 23— Albernl , reports
oak planking found west of Clayoquot. ,_ ..-
MISCELLANEOUS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OUTSIDE.'BOUND IN, 12 P. M,
Bark, 20 miles wect." • S
The Puritan booth was decorated in
¦wild currant blossoms and greens and
lighted with candles In old-fashioned brass
candlesticks. Demure Puritan lasses here
pave lemonade to the thirsty.
The Cavalier booth was decorated with
flaga and the young ladies who served
At the Dutch booth the principal dec
oration was a large old-fashioned Dutch
•windmill with its four Immense fans. This
was situated In the center of the booth
end was lighted from the Inside. From
the windmill maidens in Dutch garb
eerved cocoa to all comers.
General arrangements for Women's day
had been placed in the hands of the social
committee of the Associated Women Stu
dents, and this committee is composed of
the following named young ladies: :
'Miss Flora Baclealupl, Miss' Elizabeth Herr
mann, Miss Ruth McGrew. Miss Elizabeth Ar
neill and Miss Alice Washburn.
Referee, Professor "Walter E. Masee; um
pire, Mrs. WV E. Magee; linesman, Miss Re
becca E.'Cohn: timekeeper, Miss Bessie Gris
wold; scorer. /Miss A. M. Ebi.,
Hall. It .was the first game on the
court, and the co-eds were delighted with
their new grounds. In spite of the heavy
rain of last night the tanbark floor was
practically dry and proved the success of
this particular style of outdoor court.
The seats of the amphitheater were occu
pied by» lady spectators, who cheered on
the struggling players. The game was
between a team from the freshman class
and a picked nine from the alumnae. At
the close of the halves the score was a
tie— 7 to 7— and according to the rules of
the game the play was continued until
one team stood two points ahead of the
other. This fortunate team was ; the
alumnae, and, . although the | freshmen
were defeated, they played very close to
their opponents. The teams lined up as
follows:
Alumnae Position. Freshmen.
Miss B. Reed •.'... ;¦:
._c V. White.... r. center... Miss P\ Atkinson
Miss S. Hanscom.R. center. ..Misa I. Furlong
Miss A. Place... L. center. Miss L. B. Boynton
Miss J. Roller... R. goal... Miss M. E. Rigney
Miss E. Btoer.,..L. eoal. Miss E. Tolcott
Miss A. Farno...C. Goal....MiBs V. K Noon
Miss A. StockwellR. guard Miss L, - Mundy
Miss K. GompertzL, guard. MIes M.Easterday
Miss M. Spencer..:?, guard. Miss S. R. LeFevre
, fcJJss White was substituted for Miss
Reed because the latter, who is a Vassar
graduate, sprained her ankle early dur
ing the game/
The officials of the basket-ball same
wf re : _ . . . ... . -r . . . - .
The Basket-Ball Game.
Besides the Colonial ball, the feature of
the day was the basket-ball game played
on the new open court south of Hearst
Cavalier booth (icecream) — Miss Rowena
Moore in charge, assisted by Miss Pearl Jud
pon. Miss Carol Day, Miss Ethel Burt, Miss
Grace Bcgga, Miss Catherine Smith, Miss Edith
Selby, Miss Edith Evans. Missj.IflSt Wickson.
Miss Nora Thomas and Miss Edna Wilde.
Dutch booth • (cocoa)— Miss Inez Shlppee in
charge, assisted by Miss Mary Jewett, - Miss
Cora Patton, Miss Greta Augnetlns-, Miss Flor
ence Sengrer. Miss Pearl Pitch#r, Misa Pearl
Curtis and Miss Tallulah La Conte.
Puritan booth (lemonade) — Miss Clara lla
comber in charge, assisted by Miss Elizabeth
ArneiU. Miss Grace Smith, Miss. Lucy Max
well, Miss Helen Henry, Miss Winnie Kauerth
and Miss Florence Fcrteon.
Icecream from it were dressed prettily in
old-fashioned costumes. The booths were
coiiaucted as. follows:. -:.,
THREE CO-EDS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA WHO DANCED
THE MINUET IN VERY CLEVER FASHION AT THE "WOMEN'S DAY
CELEBRATION AT THE BERKELEY INSTITUTION. ,
Soon after 9 o'clock \ the floor was left
tor the student dancers and the la«!t
Strains of the music did not cease until
cloee to midnight. Between the dances
the guests were served with refreshments
from booths in the lower hall. Each
booth wa» prettily decorated and the
young 1 ladles . who served in them, were
Prettily Decorated Booths;
Miss Kreda Bershauser; Miss Dora. Bramkt.
Mies Grace Foulds, Miss Eva Gray. Miss Bea
trice Snow, Miss Portia Ackerman, • Miss
Georgia Rattan and Miss Edith Evans. u
The dance commenced shortly after 8
o'clock with a minuet executed by eigb^t
young ladles of the . university. They
T^»e dressed in the style of 103 years ago
an«i danced with the stately grace their
foremothers were wont to' do. They were
compelled to repeat the dance before the
evening: was over. Those in the minuet
were the following named:
merry In . the celebration of
"Women's day at the University of Cali
fornia. Quaint gowns of old Colonial
times, bringing to mind the anniversary
of the birth of the nation's . father,
mingled with modern dress in striking
*nd pleasing: contrast. Hearst Hall, with
its joyous occupants, appeared at its pret
tiett '; / . .
"Tr v^ ERKELEt, Feb. 22.— TJnder tho
JL2/ 6tars and stripes and national
j\\ colors gay throngs danced in
'K.-'-J Hearst Hall to-night and mad*
trlotic and American flowers were selected
for the occasion. Soft red shades were
used for the electric lights and candela
bra. The -table was prettily " decorated
with red tulips, violets and smilax. . Ths
dinner cards were red "and- ot unique de
; sign, which the hostess brought from
Paris with her. Those present were:
Paymaster Dougherty. IT.. S. N.; Noble
Eaton. Lieutenant Miller. 17. S. N.: Harry
Cosgriff, Walter. H." Lioforth.. W. JF. Hop
kins, Miss Ruth Adams, Miss Abble-Dlb^
biee. Miss Vesta Shortridge, Miss Edith
Mara,- Miss B/ Smith, Mrs. J. E. Hop-,
kins. • •' -•¦• > • ¦ ¦¦• •.¦ ¦ > ,".»> • -
• * «
Mr! 'arid. Mrs! ' Francis J. CaroTah 'proved
themselves to .be ideal- entertainers In the
Riving of their delightful "hunt Tjreak
fast" yesterday ,at Burlingame. Mr. and
Mrs. Herman Oelrlchs" '.were .guests of
honor and nearly one hundred others
were -bidden to partake of Carolan hospi
tality. Fortunately the fair weather
came just in. time to avoid a postpone
ment of some of the festivities and tho
guests from the city were able to go down
for the delightful affair.
The Drury Melones are giving a charm
ing house party at Oak Knoll, in Napa
County. About fifteen young people went
up from the. city yesterday, anticipating
a great deal of pleasure. They are ex
pected to return home this afternoon.
/ * . • ¦ •
Mrs. "William S. Tevis gave an enjov
able children's party in honor of the
birthday of her little son yesterday after
noon.
? ? •
Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Invln gave - an
Miss Mabel Hopkins was hostess - at a
charming dinner [ last | evening at her
home, 928 Van Ness avenue. The color
scheme for the decorations was red, white
and blue.' The affair was essentially pa-
WASHINGTON'S birthday was
honored by the Daughters of
the American Revolution with
that genuine patriotism which
, characterizes the organiza
tion. La Fuerta del Oro Chapter of this
loyai order gave a large reception yester
day, afternoon ai Century Club Hall, 1215
Sutter street, and fully 300 guests were
hospitably entertained: ? American " nags
were, specially arranged for decoration,
and considerable foliage was also used
to beautify the rooms. Astring orchestra
was in attendance and ¦ dainty refresh
ments were provided for the guests. Those
who received •; were the regent, board ol
directors and members of the chapter.
The officers are:
Regent, Mrs. William H. • Mills; vice
regent, Mrs. Austin Sperry ; recording sec
retary. Miss Julia I>. Reed: corresponding
secretary. Mrs. C. H. Suydam; treasurer,
Mrs. M. A. Raymond; historian. Miss Su
sanne R. Patch; registrar. Miss Harriet
Currier; directors, Mrs. J. D. Bolton, Mrs.'
F. M. Wilson, Mrs. C. P. Osgood, Mrs. R.
G. Bonestell, Mrs. K. S. Hart and Miss
Ida .Gibbons. \ -•
SOCIETY WOMAN WHO HAS JUST
RETURNED FROM AN EXTEND
ED VISIT IN THE EAST.
¦ Wie have never trodden upon the ' liberty of
any man. we have never been guilty of crush
ing any State. Thank God. rfo! . This legacy of
the Philippines which has been suddenly thrust
upon us has caused us to | shoot down many
a man. but I do not believe, thank God, that
these poor creatures know what they fight for."
They do not fight for higher things, for the bet
terment of their country, j This nation does not
care one cent for. all the dollars in the Philip
pines, but has poured out its own treasure that
these people might be lifted up, protected and
eventually bettered.. The day is not far distant
when the President shall not only be President
of these United States, but shall also be pro
tector of the allied republics. ' ¦ .' ,. : .
'. General Young of the United States
army was to respond _ a toast to the
army, but ¦ waa unavpidably detained.
His place was ably ; PJled by 'Colonel
James Jackson, who said: •¦ :. ' '
. The Greatest and best argument ' was made
by Washington when he : »ald, "If we would
avoid insult and gain and retain the. respect of
the world we should have an army. It is
the army which' cives the power to the other
departments of . state: without.; it ,no govern
ment may -exist . and be respected." John
Adams once said,. "The nation is .laid on "four
cornerstones — the church, town meetings, . mili
tia and schools." *AU of these except the army
have been upheld,'- but if has , been sadly
neglected. The last resort upon which agna
tion may fall is its army. Wars to-day come
from competition in commerce and we must be
able " to - protect these interests wherever j we
may have them.. Protection lies in - the war
power of your country. : . . " v-
Rear- Admiral Terry responded to' a
toast to "The Navy." ' He said: •
,Up to 1880 the United States had practically
no navy and no means for fashioning armor
or ships, i but to-day she can turn > out , a ship
that . cannot be excelled by any nation under
the sun. European I nations previous ' to the
Spanish war | were all combined ] in oppressing
ua, but since that war they have been '.tum
bling over ¦¦ one another to- show their great
friendship for the :. United States. - Though I we
do not . rank : first as a power on the i seas, ; yet
ship for ship, squadron for squadron, yes, man
for man, there is . not ' a . navy ; in ' the -, whole
world that surpasses ours. ; It . la - always safe
to have a few of these ships on hand In case
we are involuntarily drawn into trouble. • " •
¦Rev.E. B..- Baker concluded the speech
making. . his . subject being "Something
Original." .; He said: .; : - ' • v ¦, *
I take issue with one of our. worthier 'speak -j
ers for leaving the Dutch out: of the "Fathers
of Our • Country." :"¦ Why, . who were the first
settlers, of America? The Dutch. Where'was
the ' fac-almileof ';the;; Declaration of 'Inde
pendence found?; In Holland. " ;Where were the
national colors,: the i red. v white ** and '.blue,
found but in the land of the Dutch; so I think
they are as Important as fathers of this coun
try as any. . The best nation is that having good
moral principles. • Decaylrg . nations : are those
that have lost their • moral • principles. - Not by
conquest, v but- by character, shall ; wo win . the
world. for our. democracy. V As . long"; as the
commercial spirit. In dominant and pregnant,
so long are ws in peril. •. . . ¦ • >•/ ¦/..-,
The affair was brought to a close by, the
singing ' of VAmorlca.",
It is a joyous thing to talk before such a
body of men, especaiily when one , belongs to a
co-education university. ; Of, all the nations
under the gun none had more reason' to be
thankful to God for the guiding hand than the
"United States. We are now standing in the
precepts of George Washington. Our greatest
teacher I believe was , Ralph Waldo Emerson.
He said: "I believe in a nation of . individuals
and in a nation that believes in moral law."
Webster said: "This 'la-, not' an. age in which
to fight for political honors, but an age in
which to fight for th» recognition of political
duties."
I come from a country in which the chief
qualification of the citizen is to b« "agin" the
Government" In speaking to the late Joseph
Le Conte I once asked him how he was yet so
old and had still preserved himself so well,
and he answered me by saying, "I took great
care in choosing my parents." This is just
what we did In choosing the fathers of our
country. It was the Scotch-Irish, the English
and the American fathers that made tho Sons
of the Revolution a possibility. ! It was th«y
who. left the plow in the furrow, left the ham
mer on the anvil.' and shouldering the musket,
fought, bled and died that their liberty might
be saved. It was our fathers who made tn -•
country what it is. Let us look with a high
standard at the possibilities which our fathers
have placed within our grasp, 1
"Our Teachers" was then given by
Charles Gayley. He said:
The world j has never failed to : proJute a
successor, eo President Roosevelt came. He
has the con^dence o£ every true American and
will do his duty" nobly. . -
Rev. Dr. F. W.- Clampett \then spoke on
"Our Fathers." He said:
Following President Dutton'a toast was
drunk to "Our youngest President—
Koosevelt," Horace G. Piatt spoke .on
'•The Presidents of the Unued States,"
and said: .,. :^ ..
.•• .We • Southerners are like a postage .stamp in
one respect, we, stick' to our country, because
we were once Ucked, and after being. once
licked we follow : the flas forever." .; Washing
ton created the Union, Lincoln perpetuated it.
"Washington- save. the. colonies their freedom.
L.ncoln gave to the nation a new birth of
freedom, and we are able to-day to repeat his
words, far-tamed throughout:. .the ,'land* ( that
"this Is a i government of the people, by., the
people and I or the people."' Too great 'tribute'
cannot be I paid 1 those . generals and comman
ders who helped to carry us through the. three
great crises — the 1 revolutionary, ...civil ¦> and
Spanish wars. As great as any was William
McKiniey. With unbending inouldera he bore
these, our new burdens, and: with patriotism
carried the country through oui day of great
est peril and made it our day of greatest, se
curity. - . ¦ ¦ ; . '-:- :"¦¦.-.
There is one man of whom history has re
corded nothing? but good, j Of patriotism he
gave all to his country. To religion he looked
In all his worK for divine guidance. The falner
of our liberty and our country: -I give you
the memory of Ueorge Washington. .-;, '. ,
California Chapter of the Sons of : the
American Revolution held its usual an
nual 1 banquet last night at the Occidental
Hotel in honor of the birth of George
Washington. The memory of the man
who was "First in war, tirst in peace and
llrst in-the hearts of his countrymen"
was most fittingly celebrated by feasting
and speechmaicing. The banquet
one of the most elaborate ever given by
this society, / '¦ , ; .
Among tnose present were: Lieutenant
Colonel P. H. Ray of the Seventh 'United
States Infantry; a noted Arctic explorer,
now on his way to do service in the Phil
ippines; Colonel James Jackson of tn«
New York chanter of the association;
Professor Mills Gayley of the University
of California, Rev. Dr. F. W. Clampett,
Kev. E. J5. Baker, Horace. G. Platt. 1 Hear
Admiral, TrilJy of the navy and President
William, J; Dutton, who presided.
Mr. Dutton delivered the opening - re
marks. He said:
SONS OF THE REVOLUTION.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22.— Chicago paid ; fit
ting tribute to-day to the memory of
Washington: /All \the banks,' the Stock
Exchange and the Board of Trade were
closed and. many of the large business
houses 'observed the holiday. - Flags
floated from the Government buildings,
clubs, schools and many business blocks
and patriotic exercises were held in many
quarters of the city; '
In Uhe morning an audience of nearly
5000 school -children were present . at a
union celebration at the Auditorium," given
under, the auspices of the Union League
Club. In the afternoon elaborate public
exercises were held at the Auditorium un
-Ger the auspices of the same club. There
was a large audience. After selctions of
patriotic music and an invocation by Dr.
i?'rank Gunsaulus, President Robert Mather
Introduced Senator Beveridge of Indiana,
who spoke on the subject of "Conservat
ism—The Essential in American Character
and Policy." - . . • : ¦
• The Union ' League Club- to-night ob
served the anniversary, with a banquet
to ; its members. The guest of honor, was
Baron d'Esternelles de Constant, member
of the French House of Deputies, who
spoke on the union of France and Amer
ica in the past and 'future.
Senator Beveridge of Indiana responded
to the toast, "The President of the United
States." H!s remarks were enthusias
tically received. \ ¦
PEURIA, 111., Feb. 22.— Washington as a
man, a soldier and as a statesman was
extolled at an enthusiastic banquet of the
Creve Coeur Club held to-night. The ad
dress of Meade C. Detweiler of Pennsyl
vania, past grand exalted ruler of the
Elks, responsive to the toast, "George
Washington," was the first on the pro
gramme and it was vociferously applaud
<:d. Congressman Cushman of Washing
ington responded to the toast, "The Jewel
oC the Republic."*
Tulare County Towns Are
Left in Darkness for a
Night
• • •
Mrs. Joseph Spear Jr. has recovered
from her very severe Illness and has re
turned to her apartments at the Palace
Hotel.
Mrs. Edwin Pyng Porter has returned
from an extended trip East. Her husband
met her at Los Angelea and accompanied
her to this city. They are staying at 1433
California street. Mrs. Porter, who Is a
charming and popular young matron, was
delightfully entertained by. relatives and
friend3 at Chicago and other cities.
. m • •
The members of Laurel Kail Club had a
pleasant session on "Wednesday last. The
Important feature of the day was the
election of a new executive staff. Madame
F.milia Tojettl installed the new officers
in her usual gracious and charming man
ner., A beautiful floral tribute was pre
sented to tho retiring president, Mrs. J.
Brandt. Mrs. James Pierce spoke in her
closing remarks most feelingly of th«
love and esteem which the members of
the -club bore for Mrs. Brandt. The re
ports of the retiring officers proved tha
club to be in a nourishing condition and
showed that the past year had been one
cf growth and advancement. The new
officers are: President, Mrs. Thomas W.
Collins; first vice president. Mrs. R. Car
raanyr second vice president, Mrs. J. S.
Gray; recording secretary, Mrs. H. C.
Banker; .corresponding secretary, Mrs.
Nathan XL Frank; treasurer, Mrs. H. J.
Sadler; directors— Mesdames O. V. THay- "
er,*"W.. B..'Parn«ll. George Volkman, W.'
J. Gray and. James Dewing. \ %
The Treble Clef Club will entertain on
.Monday* 1 ' February 24, at 2:30 p. m., at
Elks' Hall. .223 Sutter street. The affair
is called an open rehearsal, and an excel
lent : musical programme has been ar
ranged. Those in charge are: Mrs. Na
than H. Frank, president; Mrs. I\ S. Gut
terson, accompanist, and Robert Lloyd,
director. . •¦_<¦£¦ -.;=¦•
informal tea yesterday at their home.
1013 Vallejo street. Many guests were
hospitably entertained between th» hours
of 4 and 6 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Schwartz enter
tained a number of friends at cards yes
terday. The game was progressive euchre.
VISALIA, Feb. 22.— A heavy storm pre
vailed in this, county last night. A tree
was blown across the main wires of the
electric light and power plant and Viaalla
and neighboring towns were left In dark
ness. The Sweet warehouse in Monsoa
was blown down and a warehouse in Sul
tana wrecked. One largo business ho.use'
in Goshen was demolished. Forty-five
telegraph poles along the Southern Pacific
Railway line in this county were razed.
Lightning burned out nearly all the fuses
in the telephone exchange in this city.
MODESTO. Feb. 22.-John F. Kerr. a
well-known farmer, died to-day from the
effects of Injuries received from a fall off
the tower of a windmill six mile3 north
of Modesto. Early this morning a strong
wind endangered the windmill and he
went up a distance of twenty feet to ad
just it. His prolonged absence from the
house caused a. search lor him and ha
was found unconscious. He lingered sev
eral hours. Kerr had long been a resident
of Stanislaus County. He was 69 years
old A widow survives him.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 22.— All Southern
California has been drenched by heavy
rains since 9 o'clock last night. In this
citv the official record shows a total ot
162 inches for the storm and 5.76 inches
for the season. The skies cleared late to
day and the storm appears to be over for
The^rain has fallen slowly and has
soaked well into the ground, every drop
doing the greatest possible good. It came
lust In time to dispel the bad effects ora.
dry winter. Nothing has been hurt by
the moiature and incalculable good will re
sult. Those familiar with crop conditions
say that the present storm ¦will save the
srraln and that it insures an abundant
vield of hay. Grass started by the recent
light showers will be helped alonff and
livestock be benefited thereby. Farmer 1 !
throughout the south are happy at to«]
prospect. . I
Special Dispatch to The Call;
Senator Beveridge of Indiana
Talks About Oonserv- ,
atism.
Wind Razes Buildings
and Levels Electric
Wires.
Prominent Men Speak at
Celebration in
-Chicago.
STORM'S DAMAGE
AROUND VISALIA
RENDER HONOR
TO WASHINGTON
THE : RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; FEBRUARY ; 23, 0O2L
UNDER NATION'S COLORS COLONIAL
MAIDENS GLIDE THROUGH MINUET
Great Throngs Gather at Celebration of Women's -Day at the
University of California, One of the Leading Features
the Dance in the Evening— -Basket Ball Game During the Day
Daughters of American Revolution ; Hold
: Large Recepton and Breakfast— -Par ±
ties and Ocher Func ions Are Given
SOCIETY DULY OBSERVES
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
C
28
IUnds A Helping Hand j c^-— -^^.^^-^^^^^B^H
To All Sufferers From ' V "^^^^^^^^Bl^m
Lost Manhood and v^lT^^ffl
Nervous Debility. <P\(jk fy^^^^i
J Sent Absolutely Free To All I Mf^Ml IJlAU - : lBP ; fll
I Sufferers, by Sealed Mail. I Vxh4^" VHii/ j|jN\u0008^M
He C. 0. Di or DEPOSIT SCHEME. Wr\CX|B^
1« t'lArtL^i r d vanced to an rxtreme stage. thl 3 if I / \ I 11 iSffit Ifflil llffl
UAlIfr il*v !u i ely no pubIlclt y ln receiving or > V^?» Cl\
S^,» B i» C «^ 11 dlre ctlon« and a treatise accom- < V^» .-^SJ £Z-&<5
P",V» lt ~. "ben you have read these you will - mTZ
wf mTtor%7vrM^ r™ ble to^ e you are ¦ weakened b 7 indulgences- In youthful
' nhOO - <1 "* thC Vari0US tOrmB ad ,?%l? « ? ™«".n U^m'SS !lhOOd at »!-£•
-HttlTHOT CHAHGEO THIS OPIH.ON. %
cth^S'caTdT^nl^^^^^^
.. Circulatory System and Mucous MembraaeT- If SoSnd««Vi AddrU. .«>•¦ business is Btrictly
Tbe Von Moh! Ca, m^^^^^^^S^;^^^
Strong Men Are Weak Men Are Lack-
Full of Electricity in - in Electricity.
cago University, savs \\t ///>' <lix$£ ' on ff claim has been that
experiments have prov- \^\ < l\ H/ ss^'si^fi^ electricity is the basis ol
en that Old Age can be ////v5^^^ all-around vitality and
defied by the proper use • '^^^^^^^^ that without lt we CouId
of Electricity. fe^l»ll'^3ss^V^Vfg^g^j|t^^l not n v^.
b^^t"*^" 11 --™"^ 1110 A ? E N0W TA^^*O ELECTRICITT. AND ARE USING 'ifO O.VB FORM OB ANOTHER. HOT
or pSanSi^ -* a practical a^ion on ».*«
t^n^^rVf°7 f W TtZ 7 ? 1 **^*™** T M DOt re9tOre «*•***•' MyknowledgawasobtalnedfromactualcontactwUH
Su« :wL> WS'^f 0 ? tried dru g9 in every form, art they.were worse off than before they atarted dmgsing. Why ftm't
drugs^ureT If the steam In an engln. has run down.;will oiling the parts make it so' No You must get up more steam.
•tudy, coupled with skill. ;There can be nopaln or weakness where my appliance 1b used
ich; It^wturates every vital part and soon transforms the aMtvrfitor W -|»tt^;wWch 8M «tSt.ow«
health ' and : closes, the doors forever to dlsaase and debility -'¦ T-. : «« B Mwawsi«B
for It: to-day, inclosing this ad. i ' iUOUloa or treatment and appliances. Sent sealed free on request. Send
j^wm'biSS'y™^ Uron request the names of your neighbors who have been cured.HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Last 24 This Last
Stations — ? Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 31.80 37.10
Red Buff 0.62 19.40 21.30
Sacramento 0.48 10.63 15192
San Francisco 0.30 12.42 . 16.09
Fresno 0.42 3.38 9.88
Independence 0.00 1.39 B.51 *
San Luis Oblspo. A 2.14 10.36 ¦ 27.04
Los Angeles 1.60 5.82 13.66
San Diego 0.20 2.66 8.68
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 22.— William A.
Webster committed suicide to-day by
hanging himself to a rafter In a shed on
.his place near Soquel. He was a native
of New Tork and 62 years of age. He
leaves a family. Two children are in
Bakersfield.
Hangs Himself to a Rafter.
Death, of Miss Mary Roper.
Miss Mary A. Roper, one of . the best
known teachers of the public schools of
this city, died at her home at 633 Waller
street last evening after an illness 'that
caused her to discontinue teaching several
months ago. Miss Roper at the time she
was obliged to discontinue her profession
was a teacher in the Lincoln School and
had been In the department for thirty
years. She had endeared herself to her
pupils and all others who were associated
with her.» She was a native of New Or»
leans and leaves but one relative. Miss
Belinda Roper, who is also a -teacher in
the, department.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO; Feb. 22, 1902—5 p. m.
The following: are . the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last . season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
snow roads to various creeks. Oats form
their staple diet, being: much more com
pact than hay. T'v-
The dealer in question* has 'a supplv
sufficient to feed all the animals until
navigation opens. Owners of live stock
consider the price of 9 cents a pound high
but do not complain under the circum
stances. The owner of the oats declares
his chief object, in advancing the price
is to prevent speculators ' buying up his
stock and selling at an advance. Hay
did not advance in sympathy with oats,
and is still quoted at 6% cents.
"CORNEBS" AT.T." THE OATS
IN YUKON TEEaiTOEY
Dawson Dealer Disposes of His Prod-
net at the Rate of Nine Cents
a Pound.
TACOMA, Feb. 22.— Advices from Daw
son received to-day state that a single
dealer has obtained a "corner" on the
oats supply of the upper Yukon. He has
the power to fix the price at his own
figure. Ten days ago this man advanced
cats to 9 cents a pound, or {ISO a ton.
This is an enormous price, considering the
great 6tock he has on hand and the fact
that the number of horses owned in Daw
son and vicinity is much larger than ever
before. Several horses are now kept busy
during the winter season in logging ope
rations and the hauling of supplies for
bath winter and summer use over the
Late last night the street railway com
pany operating all the lines was compelled
to abandon Its service, and at midnight
the efforts of the officials were devoted
entirely to getting the cars then on the
streets back to the car sheds. . By this
morning, however, they had succeeded in
clearing the wires sufficiently to permit
the running of a few cars on each line
Hundreds of men are. at work cleaning
the wires, and until they are convinced
that all danger from contact with electric
light wires is past the officials of the va
rious telegraph companies will not at
tempt to operate their wires.
Mail advices from Philadelphia say that
city is as completely shut off. from electric
communication with the outside world aa
though 'such a thing as a telegraph or
telephone wire never existed. The storm
is. the most disastrous one, as far as wire3
are concerned, that has ever visited that
section.' Within. the city limits scarcely a
single overhead wire Is In working order.
Poles. are down and wires are -dangling
from housetops on nearly every street.
On Front street, which skirta the Dela
ware River, thirty big poles on one line
were broken off and are lying in the
street. This Is but one route. There are
dozens of routes leading Into the city, and
almost all of them. are as badly crippled
It is stated that on the Pennsylvania
Railroad between Philadelphia and New
Brunswick more than 150 poles are down.
Officials of the telegraph companies say
It will be fully a week before all of the
routes. are even in fair working condition.
The damage to wires apparently is
much worse than was inflicted by the
memorable blizzard of 1888, although the
storm does not cover nearly so much ter
ritory. Four persons were killed in Phil
adelphia during yesterday and last night
bv • coming "in contact with heavily
charged wires. At least twenty-five
horses , were killed during the day by
broken wires. ' ¦ » • .
-The greatest damage was sustained in
Brooklyn, where scores of horses were
killed by contact with live wires, which
were everywhere prostrated. ,In Prospect
Park and in many,, of the avenues hun
dreds of trees were denuded of ice-laden
branches. Brooklyn bridge presented a
brilliant spectacle, being completely en
cased in a glittering : crystal coating. On
Sfaten. Island hardly a wire was left
standing, and traffic was everywhere sus
pended. ' .**
' NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— The sleet' storm
that struck New York proved to be the
most severe that has been experienced for
several years. Telegraphic communica
tion was almost completely, suspended un
tifHhis evening, when it was'generally re
stored. Throughout , the' day the streets
were rendered nearly impassable by slush,
many of them almost presenting the ap
pearance of rivers, the sewers being in
capable of carrying off the • overflow.
Owing to the holiday street car traffic
was 'at a minimum; ."
1 he trial occupied but two;and a half
days, a greater, part of which time was
given up to securing a jury. The defense
offered no. evidence beyond that of Wood
ward himself, who yesterday, made a con
fession." In which" he told of breaking jail
with three companions, the pursuit and
battle with the Sheriff and posse. He,
said, . however, that the killing was not
intentional; that the shot^were fired for
the purpose of holding th^Bheriff and his
men off until he could make his escape:
Woodward was chased to a ranch. near
Billings, Mont., where he was captured
ofter a desperate flght with , the officers.
Since bis return to Casper a large number
of : men has been ready to . lynch Wood
¦waru, but the Sheriff has prevented such
an ! attempt by keeping a . force of depu
ties ready for action in the event of their
services being required. All is now quiet
and no fears are entertained of violence
to the prisoner.- '.
CASPER. Wyo.; Feb. 22.— The jury in
the case of Charles, Woodward, charged
with the ¦ murder of Sheriff C. W. Rickev
of Natrona County, January 2, to-day
brought in a verdict of guiltjiin the first
degree., Sentence was deferred until Mon
day.'- . ,•.•._-, \ ,.
Storm in . the Eastern Cities
an Immense
Damage. • ;
Quiet Is Restored" in Wyom
ing Town and Lynch
ers Depart
Scores of 'Animals Are
, Killed on Brooklyn
Streets..
Murderer Convicted but
the Hanging Will
Be Legal.
JURY DECIDES
FOR THE MOB
HORSES STRIKE
THE LIVE WIRES
r: Stocks in London.
Con for money. .94 9-16 M K & T .......; 25%
Con for account.84 9-10 Do pfd * ....... 57 .
Anaconda .../....' 6% NY Central -..:"." 166%
Atchlson ....... 77»i Norf & West.... 58
1 Do Pfd 99«4 ' Do pfd :.<. 92U
B & O ...105% Ontario & West.. 34V*
Canadian Pacific. 117% Southern Ry .... 33%
Chesap & Ohio... 46ft Do pfd .....9S
Chicago GW..;. 24 • Southern Pacific. r'«6U
Chi M & St P....168 Union Pacific ....10446
Denver & R G... 44% Do pfd .... 92
Do pfd ..... .: . 94ii U. S Steel . . . ... 45 .
Erie 39- Do pfd........ 9C%
Do 1st pfd .....70 - Wabash-... '...-.-.< 24%
Do 2d Pfd :.'... 57% . Do pfd- ........ 43%
Illinois Ontral ..143 Spanish 4a ....... 76>A
Louis & Nash.... 106% V... :< :< m
Bar silver, steady/ 25% d per ounce. Money
2%@3 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for. short bills is . 2% ' per cent.
.The ; rate of discount in the open market ; for
three months' bills is 2 ll-10@2% per cent:
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. Feb. 22.— WHEAT— Quiet . and
steady. Bluestem, G5>4c: club, 64%c
PORTLAND, Feb. 22.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla/ 65',4@66c; • bluestem, 66^@67c; valley,
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Foreign Markets.
¦LIVERPOOL, Feb. 22.— Hops at London,
Pacific , Coast, firm, £3 10s® £4 10a.
ST. JOSEPH. Feb. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts
60. Steady. Native steers, |3 70@6; cows and
heifers, |1 75@5 50; stockers^nd feeders, S2e5
@4 85. ¦¦'..<.;:.¦• • ... .
. HOGS— Receipts. 6500. Light and lieht
3?& P ? ?J'f3 6^4 m 8 e 5 dlUm •**»"*. « "
SHEEP — Receipts, 40. I Steady.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22.— CATTLE — Receipts,
200. Steady. Good to prime steers, nominal!
$« 50@7 ; Door to medium, $4@6; stockers and
feeders. $2 C0@4 76; cows, $1 25@5 25; heifers
*2 50@5 60; canners, $1 25©2 80; bulls, $2 50
@4 00; calves. $3 &0@6 75; Texas fed steers
*4 50(5 5 75. . . . - *.
HOGS— Receipts Monday, . 45.000: left over
8000. Strong to 6c higher. Mixed and butch
ers', $5 90@U 40; good to choice hVavy, Sti 30-ra
6 50; rough heavy. ?6@tt 25; light, |6 75©«
bulk of sales, $5 95@tf 50. -. .
SHEEP — Receipts, ftOO. Sheer) steady
Iambs, weak. Good to choice wethers. $4 75ra
5 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 85®4 60- West
ern sheer) and yearlings, $4 50@6 60; native
lambs, $3 75©C 40; Western lambs $5 25@
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
FORECAST.
The storm off the Oregon and Northern Cali
fornia coast last night has moved rapidly
southeastward and now overlies Arizona and
Southern Utah. Generous rains have fallen
throughout California, the heaviest being along
the coast from San Francisco to Los Angeles. ¦
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific Slope during the past twenty-four hours
The rise has • been, very slight along the coast
during the past few. hours and there are in
dications of the approach of another storm off
the Oregon coast.
The temperature is ¦ about normal in most
districts and the changes have been slight
Conditions are favorable for showers Sunday
in California.
. Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 23, 1902:
; Northern California — Cloudy Sunday, prob
ably showers; light to fresh southerly wind
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday, proba
bly showers; light- southwest wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday, probably rain or
snow in the mountains; light southerly wind
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday
probably with showers; light to fresh southerly
wind. , , G, H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, I »•?•£
San Francisco data:- Maximum temperature,
S8; minimum, 48; mean, 53.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. •
. J H Ladd. . Boston ' - - M Wymore St w Iowa
E Davis & w, Ogden L. Lathrop, Iowa' —
R Ross & w, Wis C Cummln&s, Cal
R A Jones & w, Denvr Z E Buckner, S Roea
T J Powers & w. Or Miss T Bowne. Mont
D C McKenna, Seattle Miss A Howard, Mont
J M Brain, Portland C G Allen, Newman
H Cook, Courtland • L Stewart, Colorado
L Tackwell, Kansas O ETuttle. Berkeley
Miss A Blombers, RL Hall, Chicago
etockholm, Sweden - "**" -".' " ¦ '' " '
29
STATIONS.
a
3
a
: »
n
S- K 2
38 Sg 33
3 a 3 S 32-
33 3 3 :° 0
- I ¦•¦"
in
4
¦ I
Astoria 28.82 60 46 S Cloudy .00
Baker 29.88 00 32 NW Clear .00
Carson. 29.90 48 30 SW Cloudy .04
Eureka ..29.86 62 62 S Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.98 60 48 S Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.74 40 28 BW Cloudy .42
Pocatello. Ida.29.S4 50 28 N Cloudy .00
Independence .20.86 52 28 SE Clear . .00
Los Angeles. .80.02 68 46 W . Cloudy 1.60
Phoenix 29.86 68 46 SW Cloudy .00
Portland .....29.84 60 36 SE Pt Cldy .00
Red Bluff ....29.98 56 64 8E Cloudy .62
Roseburs 29.82 64 44 SW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.86 68 48 SE^ Cloudy .48
Salt Lake..... 29. S4 -48 58 N Cloudy .00
San Francisco.30.00 68 48 SW Cloudy . .30
S. I* Oblspo. .30.04 60 46 W -Cloudy 2.11
Ban Diego 30.02 58 84 SW Cloudy .20
Seattle 29.84 68 34 NW Cloudy .00
Spokane 29.94 50 26 SW Clear .00
Neah Bay. ....29.82 44 44 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 96 48 30 S Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29.88 42 36 S ' ¦ Pt Cldy .15
Yuma .29.90 68 48 W Pt Cldy .00
STATIONS.
a
3
a
: »
n
S- K 2
38 Sg 33
3 a 3 S 32-
33 3 3 :° 0
- I ¦•¦"
in
4
¦ I
Astoria 28.82 60 46 S Cloudy .00
Baker 29.88 00 32 NW Clear .00
Carson. 29.90 48 30 SW Cloudy .04
Eureka ..29.86 62 62 S Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.98 60 48 S Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.74 40 28 BW Cloudy .42
Pocatello. Ida.29.S4 50 28 N Cloudy .00
Independence .20.86 52 28 SE Clear . .00
Los Angeles. .80.02 68 46 W . Cloudy 1.60
Phoenix 29.86 68 46 SW Cloudy .00
Portland .....29.84 60 36 SE Pt Cldy .00
Red Bluff ....29.98 56 64 8E Cloudy .62
Roseburs 29.82 64 44 SW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.86 68 48 SE^ Cloudy .48
Salt Lake..... 29. S4 -48 58 N Cloudy .00
San Francisco.30.00 68 48 SW Cloudy . .30
S. I* Oblspo. .30.04 60 46 W -Cloudy 2.11
Ban Diego 30.02 58 84 SW Cloudy .20
Seattle 29.84 68 34 NW Cloudy .00
Spokane 29.94 50 26 SW Clear .00
Neah Bay. ....29.82 44 44 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 96 48 30 S Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29.88 42 36 S ' ¦ Pt Cldy .15
Yuma .29.90 68 48 W Pt Cldy .00
9
mm Week Commencing THIS XFTSK- 5
j NOON. Feb. 23. g
I Modern Vaudeville's §
g Best. c
gg European Premiers, «
THE THREE MEERS, S
§ . / Renowned Comedy Trio. O
Q| '• Direct from London. q
5 THE PROBYN 5
S LADIES' QUARTETTE, g
gg Celebrated Instrumentalists. ft j
S mTm^^ ¦
2 * Eccentric Comedian and Daacer. H
¦ J. G.-Nugent & Fertlg— Grace 8
¦ - Presenting The Ir T^mrhtns; O*tn, . 5
¦ •THBABSEfiT-JUNDED BSOOAR.** |
q R«tum for On* W««k Only et B
¦ SABEL, n
B Th» Llttla Woman Wlta to* Bly Totoc. 9
¦ Hawaiian Glee Club, g
H la a Chans* of XUparteiz*. O
¦*Warren & Blanch ard, j
D Lyric CbmedlSB*. . g
¦ "TfiFBiOGRAPfii 7 ' 9
H With a New Series of Vleim ~
El z<ast wees oy q
¦ THE BLOSSOMS, §
U Comedy Aerobata. S
¦ Parquet, any ieat. 28o; Balcony.. lOoi 1
g Children, lOo, any part except «- i
m served. A few front Orchestra rowg, £
¦ reserved, 30o; front rows of Balcony.
¦ .reserved, 23c. f O
PIANO RECITAL
bt ran \
Angelus Piano Player,
ASSISTED BT '
filADYS PITER RiY, SSSm,
¦\ ' ANP THE : ,
Victor Talking Machine.
_» ,_
SBOMAN, CLAYS CO.'S HALL,
MARCH 1, 1903. 8 P. M.
PROGRAiDIE>—
*', : .\ PART I.
1. Tannhauser Waarner
"PllKrlm'a Chorus." Tranaertptloix by
Uart.
2. (a) Spinning: Bony ............ Mendelssohn
(b) Spiinr Sons .............. If endelssohn
(c) Mennet, op, 14, No. 1 Paderewskl
8. March MHUntre .Schabert-Taasls
4.* Sons, "A Hoa« In Heav«i'*........Troter*
Gladys Ptrer Hay.
5. Union Paraphrase Oottschalk
Intermission.
Victor selections will b« announced later.
'ViV^ PART II.
6. Dans« Macabr* op. 4O.......*..Batnt Saana
7. Badlnaje i.Herbert
8. Carmen Prelude, "Canzonet Bohemian"
Bizet
(Throughout this number violin, flute
and other orchestral effects will bo
noticed.) .
». Sons;. "The Dally Question".,.. 1 ,.,.. ¦
........;.. Meyer Hellmund
{*J7{f: Gladys Plver Ray.
10. lies Preludes .."....¦..... Zilsst
ADMISSION FREE, but to prevent over-
crowding of the hall tickets should be pro-
cured at Sherman, Clay ft Co.'s Muslo Store,
Kearny and Sutler streets.
ALL WEEK — BEQINNINO TO-NIGHT. >
SATURDAT MATINEE^ }f ,
"THOSE FUNNT FELLOWS,"
MURRAY ana MACK
In the Second Edition of Their Fare*.
SHOOTING THE CHUTES."
37— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 87. ~
A LAUGH PROM START TO FINISH.
SEATS READT. ;
NEXT— SUNDAY/ FEBRUARY t, "RTJ-
PERT OF HENTZAU." a sequel to. th«
"PRISONER OF ZENDA."- Beats Thursday.
BELASCO t THALL. .............. ,34aaa««rs
MATINEB TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT
THE ORIENT EXPRESS
-. TO-MORROW— MONDAT.
.W. H. Crane's Successful Comedy,
"THE HEAD
OF THE FAMILY."
First Time In Thlj City.
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES ,.18e. 23c. Me. 60o. »78c
Next — "AT THE WHlTii) HORSE TAVERN."
g|i^ RACING
"*"j^T,jg3*»Js^g»^ Every Week Dsgr~
f Ratn or Shins.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. .
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boaVleave* San Francisco at 13 m, and
12:30. 1. l:3o. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecUnic
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track;. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking-. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vu
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak.
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
neci with San Pablo avenue cars at Fpurteenta
and Broadway, , Oakland. ¦ These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes. -
Returning — Trains leava the track at 4:18
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race.
- THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. .
' ¦
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is ' the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
. newspaper, offices, banks anc> thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance* - ijMHlMPflMI
American and European plans.
CITY OF^fe PARIS
DRV GOODS COMPANY.
Choice Novelties in Millinery.
SECOND FLOOR.
We ore now prepared to
show our newly arrived and
most complete line o! SPRING
PATTERN HATS, showing
striking originality and smart-
ness of effect (combined with '
cxclvsiveness), nut wll com-
mend them to all as the sea-
son's choicest offering.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY
GEARY AND STOCKTON STREETS, UNION SQUARE.
Ruptured men. women and children permanently cored In 60 days without pain or tb«
¦lightest Inconvenience by the "Fidelity" Method. More than 20,000 people cured by this sys-
tem. Call or send for oar book, which contains a loag list of recent testimonials from patient!
who received this treatment years ago. The treatment is guaranteed because it Is unfailing la
Its results.
PBOFOErnow.
You or some member of yosr family may hare a Rupture. Erer/ person desire* to be mada
B*ro::g acaia. and I take It for granted that ron care enoujh for comfort and taenred safety
cot to be- en exception. I have a POSITIVE CCRE, and will g-aarantee It la every Rupture
that can be reduced and held In the body during the coarse ot treatment.
I will make yon a square buRlnees proposition — rlz. : If yon will call at mr Offlee I win
examine yon free of charge tnd state the exact amount that It will coot yon to be cored. Yon
then eira en "Article of Agreement," wherein you promise) to appear for treatment once eacb
week, and then deposit the fee In some bank and obtain a "Certificate of Deposit" made payable
to yourself, and when you can stand any and all necessary tests to satisfy yourself that your core
Is complete, THEN, and not until THEN', will the endorsed certificate be accepted in payment
for the treatment. Weir you to place $1,000 cash on my desk before being cured It would not
be accepted. You cannot pay until CURED. I hare conducted my practice upon this plan for
tii* past eleven jura, and hundmls bin »owpt»d the above offer, and to this data there h»»
oox tNTn a «!rple Instance where the money eo deposited was not turned over to me within 90
dare from (be time of beginning treatment.
. I am the Originator of this Core, and hare Instructed aevtral hosdred physicians, who are sow
conducting Offices in all parts of the Fnlted States, and all treat their patients npon the same
plau. There Is not another* Doctor, or combination of doctors, «r medical institute that will make
you the above proposition.
I will be pleaaed to meet anyoee afflicted with Buptere" at my Offlees from 9 A_ M. to
A P. M.. and Suudays from 10 antll 2. - FIDELITY sU±>TUJtZ CXTBJC.
FEiNK 3. WKAY. IL D.. 88^ K«*xny Street, Saa ThjicUoo,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamer* leave Broadway
iS^w^ Wharf. San Francisco:
JwRj*\^ For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
gKEs^hi^. Skas-n-ay, etc. Alaska — 11 a.
CvjHMCE&lJa m.. Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25,
-S L '5S3XMq March 2. Change to com-
i £*£S?3»-wl pan^s steamers at Seaitle.
, "*SiSSg»53 For Victoria. Vancouver.
•^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. New What-
eom — 11 a. mrFeb 5. 10. 15. 20. 25, March 2.
Chanr-s at Seattle to thl. company's steamers
lor Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
Feb. 1, fi. 11. 16. 21. 26, March 3.
For San Dleeo, mopping- only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Ang-eles and Redcndo <Lo« An-
peles) — Steamer Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., "Wednesdays, 8 a. m.
For Lcs Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucoa, Port Harford (San
Luis Obisno). Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hue-
neme. Kast San Pedro, San Pedro and •New-
port (*BonIta onlj-)-
Bonita. 8 a. m.. -Feb. 3. 11. 19. 27. March 7.
Cooe Bay, 9 a. m.. Feb. 7, 15. 23, March 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose 'del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-.
Ma and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Rislit ij< reserved to change steamers or sall-
TTCKTT OFFICE— « New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO., Gen. Airent*,
10 Market st.. Ban Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR
SENATOR JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNE 7
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN'
leaving: San Francisco May 26 and May 31 rel
epectlvely. connect with above steamers Th«
eteam&hlps Senator and State of California
made regular tripi to Nome last year lana-
ln* all passengers and freight without loss
mishap or delay. For passenger rates apply
Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery «t. (Palace
Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKrNS & CO.. GenL Agents
.10 Market et.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
. Only Btoamsliip Ziin* «o
I PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
point., nil rail or steamship nnd rail, at
tiOWBBT HATES.
ETXA.KEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tnd KXALS.
6S. COLUMBIA Sails.'.. '.
6S. GEO. W. ELDER Balls
_ Feb. 17. 27: Mar. 9. 19. 29
S^^«tJ5J 1s from foot ot Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montfy. 3. F.
TOYO KISJN KAISHA.
CTEA1IEBS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
Uli^V 81 an<1 Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Xagssaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with eteamers for India,
° CarE ° recelved on bo*rt on day of
SS. NIPPON MARU....
SS. AMERiCA-MARt 8 . 7 ' »*^ '»*."'"«
SS. HONGKONG- MaSJ^'. ."fffK '* { * Cl002
f R ht «"^i P rv keU at rate*. For
iJS Ir « n T P* 8811 * 6 a nPly at company's office.
421 Market street, comer JPJxst oi ~T!
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COWAOini SEJfERALS TEAKEATLAKTIOni
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday, ln«ead of J^J?#^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier «
Korth River, foot of Morton street!
First class to Havre. J70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, f45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES Vnd CA$£
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building) New
York. J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific ComJ
Agents, S Montgomery avenue, San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenu.
9 ¦¦ ' ' ¦ - ':¦ -^ . ¦ ' /• , " ¦• _ .. . %
! Cloak and Suit House I
I WHOLESALE PRlfeES. |
S We shall offer this week some of the most beautiful- J
% and tasteful styles ever . seen in San Francisco at a 5
| SAVING OF 25 PER CENT. •
| ;i' WHOLESALE PRIC $20.00. 2
q New style Eton Suits in 5 different shades; 2 shades of tan. brown, . 2
O gray and navy.- The jacket with silk reveres, velvet collar and taffeta silk J
• lined new flounce skirt, graceful hahgingand first-class tailoring. 0
I i WHOLESALE PRICE $1 l;00-Fiill Value $14.50. ipl ' •
O ' Stylish. black, navy, gray pin-striped tailor suits, new Eton effect, 2
• ..'.¦¦with moire reveres, silk-lined jacket with velvet collar, new flounce skirt, 6
• -richly tailor stitched. ~" . '. ¦¦.'•/ .:./. . ' . .. " #
8 WHOLESALE PRICE $25;0b— Full Value $32.50. ' •
© Fine imported cheviot and Venetian-Tailor Suits, high-class tailor- 9
• ing, with' taffeta silk drop skirt; the most stylish suit ever shown at such •
2 a price. . v ¦¦¦',. .-\ ,¦ ¦¦ ¦ ;.'. }\ ¦'. ;. V : ji'ic''.': v --" ' '" " ©
• WHOLESALE PRICE $10.00— Full Value $12.50. 8
v . Reliable quality black Broadcloth Skirt, with. full triple flounce, 'trim- S
,'med with 4 rows of wide satin bands and niching, Amisilk lining. 2
flip EXTRA SPECIAL $5.00— Full Value $7.50. |
0 ' Black Thibet Cloth Eton Jackets, with double capes, lined through- 2
© out, new cuffs, perfect fitting. • ! > r ;¦¦:'-• * q
|l230-1232-1234 Market StreeL:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
OCEAN TEAVEL
OCEAN" ZBAVZL.
.vVbUIVlDlA UUH.1B THEiinf
TO-NIGHT
And Every Night the : yK\;.
COMLI2TG' WEEK.
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAT March 1
WAY
Wm. A. Brady's f f h\ I '
Big Production *• * . " *• '*¦"
of the Beautiful • -
DOWN
Elaborated by .
EAST.
MATINEE SATURDAT ONLY. ,
NEXT ATTEACTION-!
MONDAY ....... I MABCH 3d
.¦.^_ And Two Weeks Thereafter.'
-; ; JTor. the -First Time In San Francisco,,
Klrka La ¥ Shelle's and Frederick R. Hamlln'a
' '. Matchlessly Beautiful ¦ Production of
Augustus Thomas' Peerless American Play.
"Best play seen on Broadway In a genera-
tion."— New Tork World \
¦ 1 '
SEAT SALE OPENS THTTBSDAY.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
A TEMPERANCE TOWN.
WEEK BEGINNING TO-MORROW Sov.
y DAT) EVENING.
GEORGE OBER
One of America's Foremost ' Comedians, • '-'%
In Chas. Hoyt's Famous Comedy,
Usual Popular Prices 10c. 15c. 25c. BOo. 75c.
,. ; . ;; Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c.
fSCOA"oTHAl£Sj>ig(^
**• y* 4MRS CUV AMI
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
MATINEE TO-DAT. . '. . .... .10c. 15c. 23c
' ,TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME— The Big Hit
AN AFRICAN KING.
PRICES — Evening, 10c to 50c: Matinee 10c
15c and 25c. *
TO-MORROW EVENING— All Next' Week.
The Greatest of All Farce Comedies,
TKe Corner Grocery.
.' NEW AND UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.-
GHUTES_and zqo
great vaudeville bill
•COMMENCING TO-DAT.
Wirichermah's Trained Bears,
/ ' v DIRECT FROM THE ORPHEUM.
>ELLA BURT
* COASTS .THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
;TImraia^Night--fHE AMATEURS.
Saturday Night - - - - Cakewalk
for Seats Park 23.
>}¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ Odd fellows;, hall! • V
I -,.¦ DEL ¦ CARLO OfEKA CO.
Beginning 5, SUNDAY,'". March. -2d.- 1902. and
the evenings of Wednesday. 5th, 1 Saturday. 8th
and Sunday. 9th, will be presented. for the first
time ¦¦ In j San Francisco : '
1 "L'AMICO FRIXZ»-if n Italian.
"Opera ' In . 3: acts! by '¦' Pletro Mascagnl.*
Under L -the musical direction ¦¦ of Aug. H
Rodemann ¦'. and ;, Prof. V. .Ursumando. Cast :
Maria . .. Welch, '- sosrano; ' • Joseshine Nilo
mezzo-soprano;. Chev. Pletro Buxzl tenor; Glu-
llo CortesI, comedian; Galllanl Napoleone, sec-
ond- barytone; Nattlsta Barondl, second tenor;
Maria Galllanl, , second ¦ soprano. ~ Sale of seats
at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s music store. "¦- Prices:
Main floor," $1 60, 11, 50c ; Balcony, 75c. 80c
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A Delightful Winter Trip.
Only $60, including meals and berth, for the
round trin. on board the Pacific Coast S S
Co.'s eteamer CURACAO, leaving SAN FRAN.!
CISCO MARCH 7th and APRIL 7th, due 'back
27th of each month, calling at the following
Mexican DOrts: ENSENADA. MAGDALEN A
BAY, SAN JOSE DEL CABO, MAZATLAN
ALTATA. LA PAZ, SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMA S.
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars Inaulre at TICKET I OFFICE, 4 New
Montgomery street, or 10 Market street, San
Francisco.
A TOUR TO
UNDFR PERBONAIi ESCO11T,
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO MARCH 8. .
Full rartlculars of .
RAYMOND & WHITCOMP CO., •
61 Crocker Building. San Francisco.
pccanics.s.eo,SM-
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa Auck-
•land and Sydney. .Thurs., Feb. 27. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
..V.' Saturday, March 8, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
....Saturday, March 29, JO a. m
j. D. SPfiECKLS i BROS. CO., Smrai Agents. 327 Hartci »
Un'l fitziw OlCa. l«3 Market St., Pier b. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia M Americana tie Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping it Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
and 3. pier 10, 12 m.
PALENA ...March i TUCAPEL, .... ___
SANTIAGO.. March 28 GUATEMALA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office,' 316 California (street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE tc CO.. Gen. Agents:
PANAMA R.R.S' 1
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, *108; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
6. 6. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
o. 6. Leelanaw satis Monday, Mar. 24
8 * 6^ r ** u •*"• Tnesday. April 29
Howard-street wharf at 2 p.m.
Freight and Passenger OfOfce, 830 Market st.
T. F. CONNOR. Padflo Coast Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
£b.. Lou , ls>Feb - 2 C 10am ;8t. Paul. Mar. 12,10am
Philadel., Mar. 5, 10am|St. Louis, Mar.19.10am
RtiLrSTArf LINE
„_ NEW TORK— ANTWERP— PARIS. -. = , * '*'¦
Frlesland, Feb.26.noon)Vaderland, Mar.l2,noon
H^JSS^* ""^'¦•''.noonlKens'gton. Mar. 10, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
, A CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st
BAY AMI)- BIVEB STEAMEB.S.
FOR 0. S. NAVY YARD AMpVALLEJJ
Stamen GEN. FRISBIB or M0NTICELL3
9:45 a. nu. 3:lB_and 8:80 p. m.. except Su n-
U - r< 9:4 ?«^ In - 8:30 »• m - leaves
Vallejo t a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing - and
wo?Jk P r *• M1 "lon-street dock. HATCH
otVJty . ¦ . . - - . . j
THE
Chicago Symphony
Orchestra.
55 — — ARTISTS —55
MR. ADOtPH ROSENBECKER,
Director, Assisted by
MME. RAGNA' LJNNE, Soprano: MR E C
TOWNE, Tenor: MONS. VAN OORDT Viollnl
1st; MR. FRANZ WAGNER, 'Cellist.
.IFOUR CONCERTS..
(Symphonic and Popular)
WEDNESDAY' NIGHT, Feb. 26, Special Fea-
tures: - ¦ : • •-¦¦¦¦' • •¦¦•¦•
Mendelssohn's Scotch. Symphony;
Bizet's Carmen Suite;
•: . Wieniowskl's Violin Concerto.
FRIDAY NIGHT, Feb. 28:
Tschaikowsky's Pathetique:
Salnt-Saens 'Cello Concerto;
\ Grieg's Peer'/Gynt. „
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. March 1: I
• : Beethoven- Wagner Programme.
SATURDAY NIGH'l !
•Soloists' NiKht and Raff's "Leonore."
RESERVED SEATS.: 1 . 75c, $1.00, $1.50.
Box Office at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
UNION COURSING PARK
JNO. 8HACB, Jndga ; '; JA8. F. GRACE, Slipper.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - February 23d
Groat Annual Events
m in Coursing,
CALIFORNIA PLATE
And BELLE BRANDON CUP.
$2500— -TOTAL PURSE— -$2500
; MUSIC. BY BLUM'S ORCHESTRA.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend strffets 10-15 a.
m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m.; 25th and Va-
lencia streets five minutes later. Returning at
4:45 p. mJ and after the last course. San Ma-
teo ¦ electric i cars every five minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. NO FREE LIST
Fischers The*®]
O'Farrell St.', Between ; Stockton and Powell.
TO-MORROW. NIGHT "
¦ And Every Night Thereafter— First Time
THE FRENCH MAIIX
A Brilliant, Frisky, English Musical Novelty.
Greatest Cast Ever Seen
in San. Francisco.
NEW AND COSTUMES - '-'.•.
CAPTIVATING DANCES.: "
.. ORIGINAL - MUSIC. ; .
:A HOST. OF PRETTY GIRLS'
. POPULAR PRICES— Opera Chairs, reserved'
25c and 50c; Box Seats. 75c. - Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday, :25c: Children/ 15c •¦
*TIYipLI*
. - -EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. .^
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT— LAST, OF
"THE AMEER."
•¦/ MONDAY, f February 24,
FIRST PRODUCTION AT POPULAR PRICES
in This City of - the ! Enormous Suc-
cess of. the
BOSTON I ANS,
Seenade
By HARRT B." SMITH . and VICTOR -HER-
.; ,•-•¦ : -' : . BERT." ;' ~ ¦; •- ¦
PAUL STEINDORFF— Musical Director. ¦
. Stagfe Dlreijtbiv-FERRIS HARTMAN. ¦ . '
A GREAT-OPER^A PERFECT CAST!
A SPLENDID PRODUCTION! '
• ¦ ¦¦-' ¦ — — -'.'• - ¦ ¦ ¦ >¦¦"•¦¦" jrf
POPULAR PRICES— 25c." 50c and 75c.
¦Telephone Bush 0. :
ANNOUNCEMENT V V-.
EXTRAORDINARY!
RETURN TO SAN FRANCISCO AFTER
EUROPEAN TRIUMPHS.'
MONDAY EVE., March 3rd.
AT METROPOLITAN HALL,
The Peerless Diva,
MME. EMMA
Assisted by the greatest company %t musical
stars ever brought together - for a' . con-
PABLO GASALsTviolonceliist.
LEON MOREAU, Pianist.
DAN'L MAQUARRE, Flutist. ¦
Presenting a Superb Programme. ,
SEAT SALE begins WEDNES-
DAY MORNING, Feb. 26, at Sher-
man, Clay.& Co.'s Music-store.
'"¦ PRICES— $1, $2 and $3. " *&*?[.
MME. NEVADA 'will be heard on "Wednesday
evening, March 5, at Sacramento. . • . . .
, J. S. HIRSH. /Manager. •
"HOFMANN
EVENING;";
. AT THE- —
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE :
TCESDAHYEpG,Feb.25j
BY THE
pianola;
- Assisted by
MRS. GRACE DOTAN, Contralto
All selections by the Pianola will be from 1 the
San Francisco programmes of Hofmann.TantT
his Interpretation will , be followed throughout."
(Of the PIANOLA, which he uses and Indorses,
Hofmann says: -','1 am 'free : to say that I un-
hesitatingly pronounce the Pianola the best of
all? piano playing devices.")' All tickets free,"
but to prevent overcrowding 1 , reserved * seats
should be obtained at KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26-30 O'Farrell; st. J
WOODWARD'S PAVILION
SAN FRANCISCO'S WINTER CIRCUS. '
1 Season , opens - WEDNESDAY : NIGHT, ¦< Feb.'
26, 1902. with LEMEN'S GREAT- PAN-AMER-
ICAN CIRCUS, embracing amongst ' other at-<
tractions the COOK SISTERS,' the ,. two most
daring lady bareback riders in the world, , Raw-
son" s Pacific ' Coast Trained I Animals I and t Be-~
nard's New Zealand Circus, in conjunction with
the Woodward" Amusement Company's Great
and Stupendous 'Aggregation.;.' General Admis-
sion 25c. Children 10c. Reserved seats 25c extra.'
Matinees Thursdays. Saturdays : and Sundays. '
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMTTSEMENTS.
AMTTSEME^fTa.Health Is "Wealth.
. Every variety of water ; treatment," mas
sage, I electricity, X-ray, '. manual move-"
jnents.'rest cure.etc. Skilled nurses and
manipulators of both Bexes; elegant treat
ment rooms; beautiful location; quiet;?all
steam heated. Garden- City* Sanitarium
15. San Jose, Cal.- Write for- descriptive
circulars. • ¦ * * •
Entertainment by Pupils.
The Juvenile pupils of- Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam J. O'Brien's", dancing' academy will
hold their annual exhibitions at tHe Al
hambra Theater • on Saturday afternoon
and evening, March. 15. :. The .entertain
ment will consist of two acts of "Cinder
ella" and a vaudeville performance. -.:
A Clew, to Their, Identity.
To-morrow (Monday) there will be on
sale 1500 pairs ladles' and men's fine shoes,
all the latest; styles,- sizes and! widths, for
$! 85. Theseshoes' are made- bV : the best
manufacturers In . the i country - (their firm
names appearing on the straps of every
shoe).- and all worth from $4 to $7 a pair.-
Richard Pahl's former place, 324 Kearny
street. • ¦ • ¦ ¦ * ,
COTJNTIES MAKE BEADY .'jC
TO > EXHIBIT I BESQTTRCES
Three Sections Manifest live Inter-
est in the Matter of Having
. . Public Well Informed. . ; "
Stanislaus County has forwarded to 'the
State Board of Trade in this city a collec
tion of • exhibits illustrative of the re
sources of the county to be displayed per
manently at ¦ the j rooms - of the board in
the ferry building. Supervisor Collins of
Santa Cruz County was yesterday in. con
ference with Secretary Fllcher concern
ing the Santa Cruz exhibit. A communi
cation was also received by Secretary
Fllcher from the Oroville Board of Trade,
which Is arranging: to have all the pro
ducts of .Butte < County on exhibition.
Santa Cruz County will' have alarge sup
ply of literature printed for distribution
by the State Board of Trade to the excur
sionists who will arrive here, during the
coming season; on - colonists' . rates,- and
also to the delegates to the several'con
ventions. •
in the cause; you Know, as I know, that they
fall to touch the root of ths evil. Will we have
legislation?. Will we have laws enacted? Will
¦we .see-- to"- it that they ba rigidly ensorced?
We have all that now, and you know as I
know that -legislation,, law and tventhe veneer
of public opinion do not reach" down to the
mainspring of the awful crimes against the
angelic virtue. , : . .' .
There Is But One Homsdy.
Expediency is their keynote, and expediency
will never uproot a deep seated and .thriving
evil.. There is but one remedy, there is but
one cure. . there is tut one way of reaching
the source of this evil, and that is through tlu
conscience of each Individual. Conscience puri
fied, chastened, elevated by supernatural reli
gious principles and help is our only safeguard;
it can do all things. "I can do all things in
him who strenstheneth me"; without that aid,
without religious principles, without grace, our
conscience is at the mercy of passion, and' we
are helpless, for- "without me ye can do noth
ing
I, will not Bpeak of the mighty uplifting work
which woman can-do In this regard, I will no:
speak of her great natural powers, doubly
powerful when supernaturallzed, nor will I
6peak of her share In. the evil, for she, too,
may have given "for naught her priceless gilt."
Man Contributes to \ Wrong.
. It is man's contribution to the crying wrong
that concerns us: He is neither clear nor
blameless. : He has much shame to bear- and
much guilt "to atcne for. - And while I feel
assured that you are not stained I cannot but
ask you to renew your endeavors : to live up
to the lofty ideals of the institute and to work
untiringly for the crushing out of this mon
strous evil for. your God's and your country's
sake. To redress the crying social wrong, to
raise womanhocd from degradation and shame,
to hold up to reverence the ideal of . a . pure,
chivalrous, manly manhood, this Is the crusade
in which you are invited, nay, exhorted,,, to
enlist. Will you as members of the Institute,
as soldiers of Christ, as a chosen body, claim
your part In the glory of. this campaign? .If
so, the work must begin now; It must begin,
as I have said, in yourselves, in . your own
conscience. Thfre can be no success against
the foe unless where Is disaffection and mu
tiny In the citadel. The holiest and noblest
thing In man Is conscience. It makes him.dif
ferent from all other lower beings, awakens In
him a spirit of the divine life, makes him
truly a child of* heaven walking en earth.
•God's Most Precious Gift.
"Conscience is God's most precious gift to
man. "Our glory,'.' writes the apostle of the
Gentiles, "is this the testimony of our con
science that in simplicity of- heart and sin
cerity of God and not in carnal . wisdom; but
in the grace of God we have In this world."
(II Cor., 1-12.) • Yet as we . are free beings,
conscience will not compel a man to do right,
for the value of the moral act is conditioned as
the freedom In -which -it is performed. Still
conscience remains as an immense power to
ward well doing. ."By what things a man
sesmeth." writes the wise man; "by th« satn»
also is he tormented.'" (Wis. xl:17.) Strengtheu
conscience by religion, confirm It with . God's
grace and when you have set It aright, when
you have enlightened it, appeal to it. At once
man is lifted above the things of earth, at once
he becomes Invincible amid temptations, at
once he Is capable of most heroic sacrifices.
To cure this social evil, then, man must be
thrown back on what Is mightiest and best
in him,' conscience. ¦ This is no reaching out
for the millennium.'
Always Will Be Unfortunates.
I know the weakness of human nature ¦ and
that the're are and always will be unfortunates.
But it is part of your mission, and In this
matter you have a mission as , well as I have,
you have been sent as I have been sent, you
can come In touch with men and you can reach
women that no priest can meet, you can In
fluence them for. better or for worse, and an
account or your Influence will be exacted. If
you will.be loyal Catholic American citizens
it Is a part and the most important part of
jour apostolate to form your own conscience
aright and to work to so reduce the number of
offenses against the angelic virtue that it
will be an accepted saying that Catholics are
free from the stain. The burden of set
ting the moral standard high rests on the
shoulders of the virtuous and Intelligent men
of the-. country. You are of them and if you
Ignore your plain duty the whole mass of.the
people must, euffer. Is it difficult? rlt^-may
be. but who fears the work when . he . knows
that there are thousands to-day sitting near
the pool of saving waters looking for a help
ing hand outstretched to save them? We
should each do our- part,- we are strands in the
mighty cable that must uplift the world.
Passion Enemy of Society.
Passion is the enemy, the fttal enemy of the
Individual as of society, but rigtit conscience
is the life-giving remedy. The pagans of old
deified the ignoble passion In which man sink 3
lower than the brute, to excuse themselves at
the bar of conscience. There are. men to-day
who would dare do the same; they declare con
jugal chastity in men is hardly to be expected
and they claim virginal chastity is a hopeless
impossibility. Fortified and strengthened by
grace we must, step into the darkness and "like
a pillar of -fire"- lead the children of God in the
way that shows not only that conjugal chastity
is«a strict obligation; but virginal chastity is
a glorious fact. St. Paul need not be sum
moned to prove this; the- example of Stt John,'
beloved among the apostles for his spotless in
nocence need not be cited. -The truth is plain;
you need not the voice of the prophet whose
life was turned into eloquence by the burning
coal from God's altar to tell you this; you need
no Jeremiah . to; touch you with, his lamenta
tions over the sorrows that have resulted from
the laying aside of this truth. -
Must Protect Mothers and Sisters.
You need but remember, gentlemen, that
blind and Intoxicated lust is no respecter of
persons; that you .. have . mothers and sisters,
wives, and daughters, who must be protected;
you need but remember that their salvation and
yours depend upon the control • you exercise
ever self and the salutary Influence you bring
to bear on others. It is a battle between honor
and disgrace, between life and death, and you
must be In the thick thereof. .When God calls
and souls are In danger,' it is and should be the
ambition of every right thinking man who has
at heart the welfare of the family and the glory
of the church to fall into line and fight with
vigor and resolution till victory crowns his.ef
forts. As to the methods that are to be pur
sued in this warfare, neither the time nor the
place call for their discussion. But there Is
one and that is the _ foundation • of
your own Individual conscience., and next to It
comes strenuous endeavor on your part toward
.forming af healthy public conscience, j
Tou must begin with yourself and you must
strive to bring every other man ' to make the
one resolve which every, man with a sense or
honor, justice and manhood should make, and
that Is neither to seek nor to accept that for
which he Is not willing to pay the full price,'
"for better, for worse, ', for "richer, -for poorer,
in sickness .and in- health, until death do us
part.". . ' ' . . ' ' . "' ¦ •
A SOLEMN requiem high mass was
celebrated at St. Mary's Cathe
dral yesterday morning' for the
repose Sf the souls of the de-
ceased members of the Young
Men's Institute. The mass was celebrat
ed by the Rev. G. B. Hannigan, assisted
by Fathers Ilamm'and Dcmpsey. Father
Ryan of St. BrlgitTs Church acted as
master of ceremonies. The services were
largely attended by members of the order
and by the relatives and friends of those
whom death had removed from their
midst. ; . -
. The sermon, which -was delivered by
Father J. W. Sullivan, was an able effort.
Father Sullivan chose as his text, "Seek
not death in the error of your life, neither
procure ye destruction . by the works of
your hands." He spoke at. length on the
need of keeping alive the- memory of de
parted ones, and then called the attention
of the congregation to the hemousness ol
the crime' lately committed in this city,
and told his listeners that it was their
duty to solve the mystery surrounding
the deed. . . .
leather Sullivan's sermon is as follows.
The thought of the dead, how they are sit
uated, is a solemn, a deep thought, a tnougnt
dear to us ail, one having so lasting a hold on
the human heart that no other can ever usurp
its place— a thought bringing back the mem
ory of all that makes earth beautiful and lull of
joy stirring up the souls' of old and young to
the'.reeollection of things that were but are no
more of loved ones who but yesterday crossed
over the river to meet their God. Grlei for
the dead, honor to the dead rank among the
most tender and .refining of the human feel
ings, and religion, always In harmony with na
ture, when nature rests within the bounds of
conscience. Is In accord full and complete with
this feeling. She exalts and blesses it. and
brings it up to the plane of the supernatural.
"Jesus wept at the tomb of j Lazarus and as
they saw the tears pour down irom his sacred
eyes they whispered among themselves, Behold,
how he loved him." — John, xi.
Holy Thought to Pray for Dead.
In the temple of Jerusalem prayer and sacri
'fiees were ottered for the dead soldiers of the
great warrior Judas Maccabeus. He thinking
well and religiously concerning the resurrection
sent 12,000 pieces of silver to Jerusalem tor
sacrifice to be offered for the sln6 of the dead.
And in one pithy sentence the author of the
book of Maccabees gives us the whole essence
of the consoling truth, to which we cling when
it adds: "it is therefore a holy and whole
scme thought to pray for the dead, that they
may be loosed from sins."
•To commemorate, then, the dead, to do honor
to the dead, you are here to-day, their com r
rades, their brothers. You . are here in the
sanctuary of the living God. "who giveth and
who taketh away." You are lure in numbers
before the altar and under the Image of Christ
crucified, "whose soldiers you are." You are
here hi the spirit of loyalty to your .religion
and' brotherly love for those of your compan
ions whom the hand of death Has taken from
your ranks, when, perhaps, they were In the
midst of the battle struggling to strengthen
your society, . taken, it may be. after they had
fought the good fight and were ripe -for their
reward. ' . ; *.•¦-¦¦
We Essily Forget.
How easily, too, we forget the dead, .{hose
whose image seems to be indelibly Impressed
on our minds, every feature, the look, the smile,
the expression — all have a living meaning for
us. We think we shall never forget them. But
after a while, like a fading photograph, they
begin to disappear, like a flower culled from
the bush — the perfume lingers a while, weakens
and is gone; but our church like a good' mother
knows how excellent the effect this remem
brance has and keeps their memory before us.
Therefore, we commemorate the day or All
Souls, therefore the monthly and yearly remem
brance; yea., and .the daily plea." Give them,
O Lorfl. eternal rest and let perpetual light
chine upon them. It is to remind the living of
the dead and to call to mind the salutary les
sons the silent but 1 eloquent dead whisper to
them. .
And in this age of . restlessness, of excite
ment, of progretsion and aggression we need
the quieting and . sedative effect of such feel
ings. We need that our minds shall be brought
down to the thoughts of our mortality, that
scenes such as this will pass away from us
and that other .faithful souls and loving heart:*
will pray that eternal peace may come, to us
when we shall have gone to the house of
eternity. -• ' .
Thoughts like these will come to , you; ¦ re
tain them, let not the world with its concerns
drive them out; let them sink deep into y«ur
soul.-. • ' •. --. ,
Think of Future Work.
It eeems to me that this occasioti for honor
ing the memory cf our departed brothers is
also an opportune one for us living members to
think over the wcrk which lies before us and
which must be done.
Our Growth la Influenced.*
The fundamental iaw of all living creatures
is growth: they must advance or they must
fall back; there is to be no standstill; advance
pent or retrogression; life or death is the
crucial te6t Creation is no mere experiment
whose master is uncertain. The smallest seed
produces only that plant whose name has been
written in Invisible characters in Its heart.
"Can the fig tree bear grapes: or the vine
figs?" (James 111:12.) Our type Is God; to
his image and likeness 4 we have been made.
The germ of the»Chr!st-Hke life has been Im
planted in us by the one true God at baptism
and this germ must unfold Into another Christ.
"Know you not your own selves that Christ Is
in you?" writes St. Paul, and quoted
by St. Luke in the Acts of the Apostles,
xlll:25. he say«: "It is he who giveth to all
life and breath and all things," and again.
"In him we- live and move and have our be
ing." (xvii:28.)
Our growth spiritually is influenced, aided/
sustained by our conditions, our environment.
The 6eed that fell on the rocky soil faded anJ
died. . while that which fell on the good soil
flourished and produced a rich crop. To In
crease and to aid our growth in the super
natural order, that we may add cubit? to our
stature, that we may successfully put off the
old man and put on the new. the church in her
wisdom has established orders and communi
ties and congregations. She has gathered her
children close together, to strengthen the weak,
to encourage the fearful, to help the helpless.
She has ¦ formed and encouraged societies of
laymen as well as of clerics, for In organiza
tion there Is strength. She would bring the
fainthearted and the weary, the lukewarm and
the novice Into surroundings that will foster
their growth in spiritual life that they may
evolve In themselves that germ of the Christ
like life which God has sown' In their souls.
It Is consonant with this principle of action In
her feast that she has encouraged and fostered
the Young Men's Institute.
Be Faithful to Your Mission.
Our City Is Appalled.
Ton gentlemen are members of a distinctly
Catholic organization, and as euch you have a
two-fold mission: to uphold In your own lives
the integrity of your faith and to uphold the
idea that Catholicity and the highest type of
citizenship, are complementary terms.- And
Inasmuch as you are faithful to your mis
sion in so much will you be" on the advance,
in bo much will you be growing. This work,
however, must begin' with and In yourselves.
Reverence yourselves. Begin with reverencing
this your body, , reverence it as God's handi
work, fearfully and wonderfully ' made by an
allwlse being. Contemplate • It, and contem
plate it with awe, if only for its marvelously
subtle mechanism. But reverence it still more
as the consecrated temple of God's spirit.
"Know you not," asks St. Paul, "that your
members' are the temple of the Holy Ghost?"
Do not/neglect that body, do not misuse it
before ,*H things, do not defile and desecrate it.
"Know you not that your bodies are the mem
bers of. Christ?" Shall I then take the mem
bers of Christ and make them members of an
harlot? God forbid, says the same apostle.
. Members of the institute, the problem: of so
cial . »urity has been presented to us lately un
der most particularly heinous circumstances.
It must be solved. Will you accept the chal
lenge? Our city stands appalled to-day at the
devilish crime of a brute. We shall not inquire
into the motive of his atrocious act ' we shall
not stop to run the beast • to his lair. The
hands of our citizens are up in unspeakable
horror and Just indignation.' -We 'stand aghast
at the deed The blood of woman has been
spilled to sate the lust of man, and that blood
is crying to heaven for vengeaa.ee. it prays
the whirlwind of God's wrath to sweep j down
upon us.
Who knows when the measure of that wrath
wjll be filled io overflowing? Who knows but
that the dire fate of Sodom may be meted out
to us? It is time "indeed that the conscience
of the country should b» awakened, and rud.ely
awakened, to the terrible curse of social im
purity that is fact settling like a black pall
upon us.- Whene* the cause springs we' will
not ask. It exists, it lives, it thrives In ' out*
very midst, its alms are lengthening and its
vitals. are waxing . stronger, and who is there
that will nay it, "thus far and no farther." t
Penetrates Our Homes.
We have purity congresses, we have federa
tions of women, we have individuals struggling
It penetrate* Into the secrecy and sacredness
of homes and it boldly Aaunts its hideous robes
in public b«f ore. our,. children and ourselves.
The maudlins and selfishness of the drunken
beast and the red hand of murder follow In its
wake. I* there no. spot sacred from It? -Is
there no power that can check It T Is there no
strength that can crush It? ? This is the problem
we must combat, ¦ and the way in .which i you
measure swords with it will be & test of your
real growth. "¦ ¦ ' • •
INTONE REQUIEM MASS
FOR DEPARTED MEMBERS
Priests of: S^. M .ry s Ga hedrali Pray for Re
p se of S* uls of Tn se Who Have Passed
From R.nks : of Youit^ M^n's In titute
TOE SAN FPyVNClSCfV CALL, SUNDAY, I^EBRUArV 23, 19()2.' ; -
The; British Islands are better provided
with is rivers than any . other country of
the same size on the globe. ' • :
Bobbed a Cash Eegister.
_The poUce were . notified yesterday by
Claus w." Moeller, who has a notion store
af, 203 Sixth -street, that his cash reg
ister was opened Friday afternoon and
S20; stolen.'-, fie: said. 'that about 9 o'clock
two . young \ men entered the istore and
,while one kepta lady clerk : in conversa
tion,. the other opened the cash register
Army Deserters Captured.
Two deserters from, the United "States
army -were . arrested ' by Detective : Freel
yesterday and after being! locked up In
the.Ci.ty Prison for a few hours were
taken to , the -Presidio. : One was Theser
Schneider, v a member, of , the :.¦ Stxth Cav
alry, : who ; deserted in June, . 1900. He was
arrested 'recently, and was one of .the men
and stole the money. Then they both ran
out of the store and south on Sixth street.
An accurate description of the two men
was given. MMft
',— ¦ « . • \
In Los Angeles, CaL, there Is an ordl^
nance Imposing a flna of & for allowing
chickens to run on the streets and other
people's property.
who 1 escai>ed from the stockade at the
Presidio on February 4. Th©. other was
Sergeant Major C. F. Mack, in charge of
the casuals at the Presidio, who deserted
twelve days ago.
30
4% H R GCR3 Kfifll H IS B ff^k.
Cfecurred on f/arksl
Street Late Last
Niglit. ;
fymmer - Eiiers Music Go.
'Make Another Slash . [n
the Prices ol the Balance
of the Wholesale Stock of
\ : J- ;-• -. ¦ ¦';¦ ; . £f ; %V '.V-.
the Eiiers Piano Co. . •
Yes, it is serious — we are bound to
close out the balance of the stock be-
fore Saturday. Our sales thus far have
been unprecedented in the history of the
piano business of this city, but we are I
going to beat even our own record —
and to accomplish this end we will offer
inducements unheard *of in this city.
We have fourteen fine assorted English
walnut, antique oak and San Domingo
mahogany pianos, all in fine shape-
brand-new, too — fully warranted for
. ten years. They have got to go. Regu-
lar retail price is $400. This week w£
offer the 14 for $207, either cash or on j
time. If you. want a bargain come early. I
for they won't last long at this price.
Have another lot of pianos in beauti-
•ful L assorted woods. Cabinet Grand
cases, with mandolin or harp attach-
ment, three pedals, ivory keys, full size
music desk, fully warranted. Price $183
so long as they last; regular price $325.
A snap. Vy ;.-'¦¦ ¦ -• ¦ '- :
We have one lonesome walnut-cased
$300 style (it has never been sold .for
less than $275 in this city) • it is the last
of the carload. Take it for $158 (cash J
or on time), and we give a stool and
scarf with it. It will be sold before
noon to-morrow. If you want it come
A beautiful Anicell square piano, in-
laid 'with pearl, first-class condition,
fine tone/ would be cheap at $125. . You
can have it for • $82— $8.00 down and
$300 a month. Will take it back at any
time in part payment for a new piano.
We hsve a few regular $325, $350 and
$375 instruments, in walnut, oak and
mahogany, that we are going to close
out at $212, $218 and $223 respectively.
Fully warranted— and you can pay for
them at $6.00 or $7.00 a month.
Organs? Yes. we have 'em to throw
at the birds. A second-hand one for
$5.00— another for $15.00— still another
for $30.00 — once more for $42 — a
brand-new one for $52.00. and so on.
Can sell one at almost any price you
choose. We have a bunch of regular'
$115 styles that we will close out at
$68— $5.00 down and $3.00 a month.
And the supply won't last long, either.
We have but 106 pianos of the Eiiers
Piano Co. stock on hand, and every
one of them must be sold before Friday
night. The prices have been cut so low
that we can't cut any more— nothing
left to cut— but we'll not reject any rea-
sonable offer as to terms. Come early
and get the choice of the assortment;
|f you live out of the city write us im-
mediately and state exactly what you
want and about what price you want to
pay. and we will be glad to write, you
fully and send an illustration of the in-
strument, or if within reach. of long dis-
tance telephone we will call you up
REMEMBER THESE:
1. We keep all instruments in tune for
12 months from date of sale (in and ad-
jacent to San Francisco). .»
2. We warrant fully every instrument
we, sell.
8*3- Persons out of the citv who buy
from us by mail or phone, arid for whom
we select the instrument, may return it
to us at our expense if 'not exactly as
represented or not thoroughly, satisfac-
tory. •
Don't forget the name and location.
CUT THIS OUT;
o — : — _o
Pommer-Eilers
Music Co.;
653 Market Street,
Opposite Kearny.
6 — — 6
PASTE IT IN YOUR HAT.
STORE OPEN, EVENINGS THIS
WEEIC W$$$&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'' -'¦': . • .; ¦ i
Bicstesroti ThoussBBiis of WonsGot to BiG&Btha
-All Letters Are Sacredly; Confidential and No Names Are PviblisKed "WitKo\»t Special Per-
mission of the Writer — All Letters Are Received^ Opened 1 and Answered by Women
Only — During the Last 2O Years Mrs. Pinhham Has Gained a Greater Knowledge
Regarding Female Ills Than Any Other Person, and is Consequently. Better Qualified
to Advise and Guide SicK Women.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ JBffjM* B3ZsaBirhsam p £& . Four Letters Showing the Result of Mrs.
mF&* rennnam & / Pinkham's Advice. - Thousands Moro of
Standing invitation* the Same Kind Are on Hie in Her Off ice
T :¦ :' . ¦•¦/¦'• ,,¦¦;•¦_,.",. -./-,. ¦-.-•>.;-,/' at Lynn,/ Mass* • .*. :
In addressing Mrs. Pinkham you are confiding your : •: v^ • ,d:. . •
• n x ~ '¦'¦' 1 ¦-• ¦¦¦-¦•-".'¦ . .. I'DeabMes. YmcBSLkM: — I have "been for soine years a great sufferer
private ills to a woman— -a woman WllOSe experience in an< j thought I would write and explain my case to you as you had helped
tm ti n o- wnm an V Hi'«?m<sm i«s creator than that "¦of anvlnHncr . so many others.'. Menstruation is irregular and very painfuL I have suf-
treating . ivoman s aiseases is greater man tnac or any living f?red th painful periods for ten years but t pains grow worse aa I
physician— male or female. grow older. . * ,„«.•_,.>
f l J" v :-..-;-; ' : : ,. " I suffer most with my back, lower part of abdomen and. left side. I
You can talk freely tO a woman when It IS revolting have been flowing all the month and a part of August, not constantly, but
<:-< ¦¦' ". '••¦ - » . . ,. '¦.,.' , ... will stop for two or three days and then begin again."
tO relate your pnvate troubles tO a man— -besides a man » The doctor says I have misplacement of the womb. I have bearing*
<W<5 rinf understand— -simnl'v hecauqe he is a man down pains when passing urine, and my abdomen is very badly swollen
aoes not unaerstana simpiy Decause nc is a man. . and sor c.jj>i ea se advise me at your earliest convenience."— Mrs. A. V.
Many women suffer in silence and drift along from Scott, 21 Age St., Kingston, la. (Sept 30, 1900.)
KjjH tnwnrsl Icnowino- full well that thev ouo-ht to have " Dea.b Mks. PnTKaAM : — When I wrote to you aslcing advice no one
Daa to worse, Knowing run wen tnac tney ougnt to nave could describe my suffe ring. The doctors#aid 1 could not be relieved Tin-
immediate assistance, but a natural modesty impels them i ess x had an operation performed, but thanks to you and your medicine
. • . * - r . : I got along without having the d/eaded operation. I have taken * ten
tO shrink from exposing themselves tO the questions and bottles of your medicine and un once more well and happy. Xydla E.
Y,, ' • e a • c -\ u • • t*. Pinkhanrs Tegetable Compound is a fine medicine and a God-send
. probably examinations of even their ; family, physician. It to suffering women. I trust my letter may. be the means of bringing
a Woman whose knowledge -from' actual experience IS "DeabMbs-Pikkham 1 :— Some time ago I wrote you that my regularphy-
greater than any local physician. The following- invitation *££¦*^t^SSSSSS^Sll^S^S^^^^^
is freely offered ; accept it in the same spirit. fuse menstruation. My limbs would ache so I could not sleep, and I was
* TTT n- • r '¦¦'¦' r r > ' ' \-' , very weak and nervous. I was' bloated from my head to nay feet. After
Vyomen suffering from any form.of female weakness receiving your letter I took ILydia E. PinKham's Vegetable Com-
iare invited to prompdy communicate with Mrs. Pinkham V^?£^$^-£!^g£££iiT£$?"
at Lynn, Mass. All letters are received, opened, read and fo^^^'l^w S^^JSTteSTSLgftetSS'
answered by- women Only. : A .woman can freely talk of kil "* adroe. and;what your medicine did for me. It certainly saved my
. ..... ¦ , , , " '. ,. , , life."— Mbs. PebletS. Willis Vershire, Vt
her private illness to a woman ; thus has been established «n.ipM« p^ni«.^ n, t * , ** , a ,«
-,.. r: ',.»., , , ..'-,, "Deab Mbs. Pinkham: — One year ago I read a letter In a paper telling
the eternal confidence between Mrs. Pinkham and the £ ow mu S *??* one woman iad derived from Lydia E. Pinkham's
r . A . 1-ui i_ i-^'i- '¦'¦"*<'¦ '•"•'• -r Vegetable Compound. : -< I hid been sick all winter and was nearly dis-
WOmcn Of America wniCn nas never been broken. Uut Of couraged, as the medicine the doctor gave me did me no good Ihadkidney
the vastvolume.of^
itfe more than possible that she, has gained the very know^ SS"iJte^<^u^cJ I^^^^?S^"iSiS™
ledge that Will help your case. She asks nothing in return w asb, and one box of Liver Pills. ,I am well now, do not have those sick
- ; , .,, ¦, , j . :,¦:- ••'.«•¦'.- , , ' , ;' s P ells at the monthly perlod,.but can work all day, and that I never could
except your gOOd-Will, and her advice has relieved thousands, do until I began taking the Compound. I cannot praise the Compound too
Surely any/woman, rich or poor, is^ery-foolish if she does .S^A^E^w!^^
not take advantage of this generous offer. ..;. ; • e -« d I 1 o«w» Killoog, Berlin
LtblA E. -PINKHAWS VEGETABLE COMPOUND.
Has restored more women to health than any^other medicine the druggists have ever sold— It outsells all other medicines for female ill* two to
flgfjflPflPflj one— Therefore it must be unequalled. Accept no substitute.' .• -Society Events
' SAN BERNARDINO,' Feb." 22.— The ' first car
over, the Valley. Traction Company's line was
run to-day. -The line extends from this city
to Colton,' a distance of 7 VS miles of track. *
Wants Special Election Called.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 22.— The . Good Govern
merit Republican : League at ; Its meeting
to-day decided to circulate , a petition ' re
questing the Supervisors to ; call a. special
election to determine ..¦ the- question-- of
holding primary' elections in all s precincts
in . the county. . About 7000 : names will be
required, but the club has confidence In
Its ability to obtain them, ..
- DECOTO, . , FeB. * 22.— Peter Thompson
was found ' : . dead ¦ in';' his wagon to-day on
its arrival -from the ranch where he was
working.- Heart disease is- supposed to
have been the cause; of death, but an in
quest wlllbe held on Monday. . Thompson
was driving a wagon laden with barley.
Dead Hands Hold the Reins.
Five' Dollars Easily Made.
$10 silk waists for '$4 95. ; Monday and
Tuesday. . Greehberg & ' Greenberg, Grant
avenue and Geary street. '¦-. ?
Both Alvord and Bravo Juan were ap
prehended soon after the train robbery at
Cochise about a year ago, but escaped
from the Tombstone jail and have since
eluded the officers of both republics. Sev
eral daring robberies and hold-ups that
have occurred in Mexico and this country
are charged to the fugitives. The officials
of this county and the authorities of Mex
ico were on the lookout for the men. and
yesterday the Mexican officials succeeded
in locating- the pair and effected their cap
ture by surprise. Sheriff Lewis left to
day to secure the prisoners. :
TOMBSTONE, Ariz., Feb. 22.— Bert Al
vord and Bravo j Juan, two notorious Ari
zona outlaws, have been arrested at Sono
ra," Mexico, by Mexican rurales, and the
two prisoners will : be at once
and brought to Tombstone for trial on the
charge of 'train robbery, j . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
George Dow, secretary, of the Metal
Trades Association, says he knows nothing
about the proposed plan except what has
been already published.- "No advices have
been received here to: my knowledge,"- ho
said, "In reference to a . general plan' of
arbitration." .;•'¦:¦•
Secretary. Russell I. Wisler said-: that
neither . the Iron Trades Council - nor the
Machinists' Union had received any Infor
mation, but would -..be promptly - advised
of any action by; President McConnell' of
the International Machinists' Union. .
"I have made public all the information
I have in .the premises," said Secretary
Ed Rosenberg of the Labor Council yes
terday. '.'Macarthur's telegrams were
brief, and while Lam in close touch with
the Iron Trades Council we have, nothing
as yet upon which. to formulate a" plan of
action. Macarthur : will • be Where '¦¦on
Wednesday or Thursday," when -we will
have .full advices as to the plan."' .
The executive committee, of which Sen
ator Mark Hanna is the chairman, met in
New York on Wednesday last and then
adopted { the j plan J which will be followed
probably in the 1 present instance. .This
provides for the appointment . of a • com
mittee of nine, three of whom shall be
selected from each group of the executive
committee, representing capital, labor and
the general; public, whose duty it shall be
at the' request of the chairman of a
threatened strike or lockout of more than
local magnitude to use its good offices in
restoring . harmonious relations, reporting
its action to the whole committee.
Until the arrival of Walter Macarthur,
who has been in the Eastern States in
connection . with labor matters, nothing
will be known of the date of the arrival
of that portion of the executive commit
tee . . of the National Civic Federation
which will endeavor to arrange labor dif
ferences on the Pacific Coast, and partic
ularly the ironworkers' strikes.
Still the ones yet In the organization
feel that it Is a -disgrace to have it said
that any of the former members are in
mates, of an almshouse, and it is for that
reason that President Bohen of the Ex
empts has within the last few days taken
the preliminary steps toward having; a
.petition prepared for presentation to the
officials named. In that document will be
eet forth the names of " the , five old-time
firemen, their service In the department
and age and a prayer for ways and means
to secure their release from institutions
to which they have through old age> de
crepitude and adversity been , forced to
apply for admission. . . .
There is a movement afoot at this time
to awaken an interest 'in the Mayor and
Board of Supervisors In favor of five
men, pioneers of this city, who are now
inmates of almshouses— three In this city
and two in *the Alameda County Infirm
ary. These men were in the early days
of San Francisco, 'way back in the fifties,
members of the Volunteer Fire Depart
ment, and in the days of. their younger
manhood devoted their time, their energy
ar>d their money to the interests of their
fellow citizens, ever ready to save prop
erty and life when the alarm, bell sum
moned them to duty. Their services were
free, the only reward being the conscious
ness of a voluntary labor well and faith
fully performed. In time these men be
came members of the Exempt Fire Com
pany that iwas organized many years ago
to help firemen in misfortune, give them
sepulcher in the firemen's plat when the
last rollcall was answered and to care for
their widows and orphans. So long as
that organization had a large membership
and the members contributed there was
always a sufficient fund to carry out these
laudable objects, but in . the long run of
years the angel of death carried away,
many, misfortune overtook many others
and. they were unable to keep themselves
in good standing, so they were, dropped
iron; the roll and -such were no 'longer a
charge upon the company. Those who re
mained in the organization^remembered
that their former comrades who had
dropped out through non-payment of dues
had pulled on the ropes with them and
had manned the brakes of the ' old . hand
engine, and they assisted them from time
to time with donations to keep them out
of the poorhouse. The time came, how
ever, when the little fund that remained
would not permit of any further dona
tions, as what there was had to be hus
banded for the benefit of the few who re
main faithful to ' the organization and
l>ay their monthly stipend in order that
they may be cared for in case of sickness
in their declining days..
Men Who Served as Vol
unteers Subsisting
on Charity.
Labor Leaders Not Fully
Advised as to Plan
of Mediation.
Surprise Bert Alvord
and.Bravo Juan in
AWAIT RETURN
OF MACARTHUR
Club Parties.
The Deck Whist Club held its second
"shuffle" at the residence of Miss Agnes
J. Bodkin,, 205% Steiner street, on Febru
ary' 6. : Favors : were awarded ' to . Miss
Agnes Kendrick and Hugo Schmidt, and
AGED FIREMEN
IN POORHOUSES
During the course of the evening vocal
selections were rendered by Mrs. Alvina
Heuer Willson, Miss Lillian Roeder and
E. 1 M. Moore, after which an elaborate
supper was served.- Among, those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. James B. Smith, Mr.
and Mrs. R. A. Vance, Mr. and Mrs. T.
J. Walsh, Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Reeser, Mr.
and Mrs. W. Chlpman, Mr. and Mrs. Var.
ney Gaskill, Mr. and Mrs. J. Sheehan, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Kehrleln Mr." and Mrs. E.
M. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Willson,
Mr. and Mrs. Ed L. Head gave a pro
gressive euchre party at their home, .1124
O'Farrell street, Monday evening"' last.
Thirty friends enjoyed cards and music.
Those fortunate at cards were: Mrs. E.
M. Moore, first prize; Mrs.. R.' A. Vance,
second prize; Mrs. F. E.Willson,' booby
prize; J. B. Smith, first prize: E. M.
Moore, • second prize; T. J. Walsh, booby
prize.
Miss Lena Jurgens entertained a number
of friends at her uomc, 512 Grove street,
Sunday. The afternoon was spent in
games and dancing, after which supper
was served. The table was decorated
with violets and smilax. The guests were:
Miss Lena Jurgens, Miss Lillian Teegeler,
Miss Emma Boese, Miss Emily Gillnlian,
Miss Lillian Hertlng, Miss^Burta Gillfil
ian, Miss Hulda Zwerlein, Miss Lulu
Rohde, Miss Hat-tie Schroeder, Miss Chris
tina Voelker, Miss Carolina Schwerdt,
Miss Sophie Schroeder, Miss Edith Ken
nedy,' Master Ernest Rohde and Master
Emil Zwerlein. . . :
Home Parties.
RUBALES CAPTURE
ARIZONA BANDITS
Mr. and Mrs. Henry R. Levy of San
Bernardino arrived in town- Friday and
are stopping at the. Hotel Ramona, Mr.
Levy is a prominent merchant of San Ber
nardino.
Some. of the late arrivals at the Hotel
Rafael are: Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Stanford,-
Emil . F. Fisher, Mrs. Messersmith, MIs3
Helena Stanford, Mrs. A. Stelrtberger,
Mrs. B. Trlest. Miss O. Triest, Mrs. Wil
liam . Hildebrandt . and Miss Hildebrandt,
San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Wrey
and Mrs. Mace, London; Mr. and Mrs. R.
E. Frist, Berkeley; Miss Matthews, Scran
ton, Ohio: Mrs. J. B. ¦ Kaufman, Lancas
ter, Pa.; Miss Cook of Rhode Island; Mrs.
A. ;N. Lewis and Charles Lewis, Alameda:
Mr. and- Mrs. Henry Beaton, Mr. and
Mrs. G. H. Gasteen, G. H. Gasteen Jr.,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Willard, New
Miss Gasteen, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H.
Willard, New York; Mrs. Charles Burdeck
and Miss McCoy, Peorla, 111*
Mr. and Mrs. James Tucker are at pres
ent in the city, .having returned* from
Honolulu. •/
Mrs. Paul Moroney has returned from a
six weeks' trip through Mexico and Ari
zona. • ' - .
Miss Carrie Welisch returned Tifesday
from a two months' visit at Portland, Or.
Miss Sussman is now in the city, hav
ing returned f ro^r. Coronado. * . v :
Countess Festctlcs dl Tolna Is the guest
of her mother, Mrs. L. T. Haggln, in New
York. .
Mr. and Mrs. H. Jacobson will receive
this afternoon at their home, 1005 Buchan
an street, in honor of the confirmation of
their son Leo. '
Mr. and Mrs. L. Lesser announce the
confirmation of their son Monroe at the
Geary-street Temple Saturday, February
22, at 10 a. m. They will receive this aft
ernoon from 2 to" 5 o'clock at 1028 Ellis
street. ' , . .
Mrs. Harry Bloom has returned to the
city after an 'extended- visit to New York.
Mr. and Mrs. . Bloom are located at the
Hotel Montrose. . •
, Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Levy announce the
bar mitzvah of their son Maurice at the
Geary-street Temple Saturday, March 1.
Reception Sunday, March 2, from 2 to 5
p. m., at their residence. 6 Adalr street.
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Watkins have en
gaged a cottage for the summer at Lark
spur. Miss Mattallne Ann McCaskey, Mrs.
Watkins' sister, who has . just arrived
from New Zealand, will be their guest.
Samuel L. Boukofsky, son of Mrs. J.
Boukof sky, will be confirmed at Temple
Emanu-El, on Sutter street, on March 15,
at 10 o'clock a. m. At home Sunday,
March 16,; from 2 to 5*p. m.', at 411 Gough
street.
Mrs. I. Lowenberg has removed from
906 Van Ness avenue to .1950' California
street. .
Personals.
St. Mary's Cathedral wad the scene of
a very pretty pink and white wedding on
Monday evening, February 10, when Miss
Nellie Rellly and William C. Pidge were
united in marriage by Rev. C. A. Ramm.
The bride was attended by Miss Macrena
Power as maid of honor and the "groom
by Fred Temple. The bride's gown was
of white embroidered moussellne de . sole
over taffeta silk. She carried a bouquet of
Urides' roses. The maid of honor wore a
dainty pink chiffon over taffeta -silk and
carried a cluster of Bridesmaid roses.
The ushers were C. Mortalm. F. Reilly,
F. Gallagher and G. : McEldowney. Dur
ing the ceremony a beautiful violin solo
v.as rendered by Julius Gold. A recep
tion followed at the home of the bride's
parents, 933 Post street The young
couple left on Tuesday morning for a tour
cf Southern California.
Miss 'Lulu Fisher and Max Flenge were
married last Monday evening at the home
of the bride. Dr. Eldredge officiated. The
groom is a druggist in Marj'sville and the
bride a daughter of M. B. Fisher, the well
known ranchman. After a wedding trip
Mr. and Mrs. Flenge will reside at Marys
ville. '
Miss Use Henrlce' and Lieutenant
Charles F. Andrews, Seventh Infantry,
U. S. A.,- were married on- Tuesday last.
The groom is a son of Major H. M. An
drews r at Fort Leavenworth. ¦ '
Freeman F. Perclval of* Santa Clara
and Miss Hannah F. Hotchkiss of San
Francisco were married at San Rafael on
February 5 by the Rev. David James.
They're Married.
Mr. and Mrs. P. F. Canavan announce
the engagement of tlreir daughter, Irene,
to William T.' Valentine, a popular young
business man of this city. , The wedding
will take place on Saturday evening, June
7." It will be a home affair, followed by a
large reception at their home in Lake
view. AchbisJiop Riordan will officiate.
Mrs. S. Hirsch announces the engage
ment'of her daughter, Gussle, to Mr.- H.
A. Garflnkle. .
* Pay Inspector and Mrs. S. R. Colhoun
announce . the' engagement of their
daughter,* Miss Sarah Randolph, to 'Eu
gene H. Tricou of this city.
The wedding bells will ring on Tuesday,
March 4, for Charks S. Mortimer and
Helen Jones Hopkins, both, of Port
land, Or.
They're Engaged.
The passengers who iert for Honolulu
on the steamer Alameda are: Miss Claire
Barron, E. A. Bigelow, A. J. Brander,
John M. Bryan, Mrs. Campbell, Miss A.
Campbell, Miss Alice Campbell, . Miss L.
Campbell, O. H. Campbell, Mrs. O. H.
Campbell, -Mrs. L.: Chawgo, Miss Anita
Christal John ,F. Colburn, W. H. Cole,
Edward; Conlin. George -A. Davis, B. F.
DillinghanJ, Mrs. E. S. v Douglas, Mrs. H.
C. Ellis, H. L. Evans, W. O. Gilkey, G.
Goodsell, J. A. Graack, E. H. Hart, H.
E. Hendrick. Marcus Hendrick. J. W.
Hbward, Mrs. E. J. Hulme, Miss A.
Hulme, W. F. Hunt, Mrs.. Hunt, Miss
Helen Hunt, Prince David Kawananakoa,
Princess Kawananakoa, Captain Klncaid,
Mrs. Kincald, W. B. Kooser, Mrs. T.
Logan. M.' Louisson, Mrs. Loulsson, J. H.
Maclafferty, M. Marcus, Miss E. May,
D. J. McKay, Alex. Me Willie, J. E. Mil
ler, Miss R. Miller. George Mowling. Mrs.
Mowling Mrs. R. Newton, W. E. Palmer,
Samuel Parker, Mrs. ParKer and maid,
T. A. Pettus, R. R. Reidford, Mrs. Reid
ford and child, Uriah Roraback. Mrs.
Roraback, W. A. Sexton, W. T. Summers,
S. Sweitzer, B. M. Thomas, Mrs. Thomas
and child and D. Williams. .
Mrs. Charles G. Lyman has gone to
Europe to visit her. mother, Mrs. J.
Clarke. '
Sailed Away.
labors during the early
part of the winter. The number of wed
dings in the past ten days will bear out
this, assertion. To be sure most of- the
marriages are at home and the "church
affairs especially private, bjut the vows
are exchanged nevertheless. The largest
mid-lenten wedding will unquestionably
be that of Miss Georgina Hopkins and
Frederick W. McNear. An; unusually,
large number of invitations - have been
sent out by Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins
and society will be well represented at the
festivities. ,
y^/TH/CN OTWITHSTANDING the
V" r | • quiet- that : the Lenten sea-
AJ I son brings' to society j
II Cupid manifests more act-;
\V ivity than ever; and seems
" to reap the reward of .his.
The Michigan ' Club passed a delightful
evening at- cards in its club rooms, 1620
California street, last Tuesday evening.
The game was progressive hearts. Prizes
were won by Mrs. J. E. Cummings. Miss
C. Cummings, Dr. H. HArington and
Miss Edna Wilcox. In the rooms and at
the supper .. table hearts formed the
scheme of decoration and in the refresh
ments hearts predominated. , . .'¦
consolation prizes to Miss Frankle O'Con
nor and Edward Smith. The "Deck" con
sists of Ed Smith, king; Miss Nell Ken
drick, queen; . Thomas ¦ Gardner,, jack;
Misses A. Bodkin, A. Kendrick, L. Sulli
van,. F. O'Connor,- Nell Mangan. Tessie
O'Connor and K. Sullivan, Messrs. Earl
Waterman, Henry Hoffman, T. Coleman,
H. Schmidt, H. O'Neill and Leo Farran.
An enjoyable surprise party was given
"to Herman R. Stettin Jr. on February 14
in honor of his twenty-first birthday at
tho home of his parents, 815 Cole street.
The party was given by Mr. and Mrs. H.
Stettin. Dancing was the main feature
of the evening, although some excellent
musical solos and . recitations were ren
dered by H. L. Hastings, W. and B. Min
ner, L. Wass and Herman R. Stettin Jr.
Refreshments were served later in the
evening, after which dancing and merry
making were resumed. Among those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. H. Stettin Sr.,
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Rauer, Mr. and Mrs.
R. J. Graf, Mrs. A. Brant. Miss Julia
Ring, Miss Viola Clark, ' Mrs. O. Hall,
Miss Ella Wegener, Miss Etta Langrehr,
Miss Gustella Stolz, Miss Lulu Wegener,
Miss Hazel Meyers, Miss Freda Stettin,
Miss Alice Martin. Miss Honora Meyers,
Mlss.JVlay Stolz, H. L. Hastings, J. Hil
man, L. Wass, R. . Stettin, Herman R.
Stettin Jr., William Stettin. Paul de Los,
Walter Clark, Max Clark, Robert Schord,
Walter Minner, Bert Minner, E. A. Lee,
Louis Colton, John Anderson, A. P. Lath
rop, A. Conneau, Gus Soher, .Herbert
True. ' : - : . .
\*Ir. and Mrs. May entertained a number
of friends last Thursday evening at their
residence, . 118 Ninth' street. Songs . and
recitations were. the features of the even
lng.\. E. Raabe;re.cit£& his famous /piece
called "Lizzie,!/-.', for > which >he-^received
qulte.an encore. :.The following named la
dles'and gentlemen.- were present: E.
Raabe. S. Pedrazzl,;P; Erb, S. Gianettoni,
Cv: F. Jenkins, C^ Benjamin, Mr. and Mrs.
H. I Page, Mr. and Mrs. R." D. ] Cunning
ham, Mr' and Mrs. West, Mrs. Puttuck,
Miss Lillie Puttuck, -~ Mrs. A. Arthur
Thorp. Mrs. Doollttle.V.Mlss S. Buzzini,
Mrs ti F. Roche,' Miss Buzzini, Miss Alken,
Mrs. . Donovan, Mr. ¦¦ Buzzini, Mr: . Brock
man, G. E. Kehrer and Mrs. J. J.'Kehrer.v
•Mr. and Mrs. Andre, Mrs. A. Schultz,
Mrs. C. Taylor, Miss Fleming, Miss
Hayes, Miss Rowen, Miss Ethel Taylor,
and Messrs. L. Andre," L. Schultz, .' C.
Clark, W. Schultz. J. Kewen.' C. Schultz,
Professor Hayes and Mr. Kerven.
A very enjoyable party was given by
Mr. and Mrs. Andre • at their charming
home, 1118% Fell street, on February 13. A
programme was given by Professor
Hayes, Mrs. C. Taylor, Miss Ethel Taylor,
L. Andre and J. Kewen and Messrs. C.
Clark and L. Schultz. . Supper was served
at twelve. Dancing followed until a late
hour. Among those present were:
Saturday, February 15 being the nine
teenth anniversary of .the birth of Miss
Sofia Mix, a party was tendered to her
many friends at her home, 723 Broadway.
The house was- lavishly decorated, witli
foliage. Those present were: Miss Vlo
tbria Pinzon, Miss Sofia Mix, Miss Frances
Garcon, Miss- May Garcon, Miss Alice
Rivero, Miss Agnes Rosenquest, Miss
Laura Davalos, Miss Annie Jonnson, Miss
Mercy Kuiz.'Miss Pauline Armeadez, Miss
Josie "Encllnas, Miss ; Marian Johnson,
Alfred Mix, Arthur Gonzales, Reyes Cas
tro, Alfred Fahlkner,"; Peter ' Lathery ,
Thomas Guzman, George Kluss, Leonard
Encinus,- James Sullivan, Charles Locft
kart,,Frank Ranerez, - Charles Diaz, Fred
Cooper and Pedro Vallejo.- ..
>MJss Myrtle R. Saylor gave a velentine
party on the evening of February 14 at
her home, 242 Twelfth . avenue. Dancing
was the. feature of: entertainment. The
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Saylor,
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Kull, Miss Rutn
Bradford,- Miss Mayme . Bolger, Miss Ad
dye Buckley, Miss Ida -Ingerman, Miss
Kate Kinsell, Miss May, Lohmann, Miss
T. M. Addie Lesser, Miss Flossie Levy,
Miss La wlor, Miss Belle L. Miller, Miss
Matilda White, Miss ; Harriet Wrigley ,
Misses Myrtle, Ruby and Grace Saylor,
Messrs. Jack and Will Bolger, '¦ Allen
Ayres, Al Crackbon, Andrew Foreman,
George Hawkins, ' Hale I. Marsh, Fred
Grannis, James and Benjamin Jordan,
Arthur Johannsen, Harry Lohmann,
Henry Levy, Edmund Peiser, Waltei
Plank, B. Tucker and Master Louis D.
Saylor. ' - . '
A gathering of fifty assembled at the*
residence of . S. Rouda, 830 Ellis . street.
Sunday evening, February, 16, to celebrate
the. host's , birthday anniversary. ' The
rooms were beautifully. decorated. 'Those
present spent a very, enjoyable evening
in music and dancing. Violin and piano
selections by . the Misses Wehlisch .and
cornet selections by; Dr. William Beach
added to the merriment .of the occasion.
At midnight the guests repaired . to iht»
banquet hall, where a delightful repast
was served. A. L. Friedman and Jacob
Samuels - acted as , toastmasters.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Nichols, Judge C. T. Con-
Ian. Miss M. Kelly, Miss L. Roeder, Mr
and " Mrs. E. , J. - Drugaff, C. H. Kendrick
and A. F. Schlelcher. . . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. FEBRUARY 23 lOO'J.
31
Dry Goods Company.
Ladies' Undermuslms
SECOND FLOOR.
FOUR EXCEPTIONALLY STRONG LINES.
T^HESE GARMENTS are clean, fresh stock, made of
1 . dependable materials, with absolute correctness of
fit and finish, and are specially selected with the view of
giving a very good article for a small amount of money.
MUSLIN NIGHT GOWNS, with LADIES' CAMBRIC DRAWERS,
trimmed yoke, neck and trimmed with tucks and very
sleeves, in dainty selected new daln'y fine embroidery, of- ;
designs, and a ster- dw r\f\ fered at the splendid tf*4 f\t\
Una value for $I.UU value of :.... $1AJ\J
CAMBRIC NIGHT GOWNS. LADIES' CAMBRIC SKIRTS; a
neck and sleeves trimmed special lot of newly purchased
with hemstitched lawn ruf- garments bought ~-at a, bar-
fles; nice fresh garments; a ) grain and Intended as a very
great bargain for Ci fifi ( ? ooti value at C17C
LADIES' WASH WAISTS. .;'•.•
OUR LINES COMPRISE MANY EXCLUSIVE MATERIALS MADE
UP IN ORIGINAL AND EFFECTIVE STYLES.
',¦••' . ¦_
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Corner Geary and StocVton Strests, Union Squ we. ~
Mall and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention.
PROPOSALS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Herpicide. is now used by thousands of
people— all satisfied . that , it is the most
wonderful hair preparation on the mar-
ket to-day. ' ...
. such" Is the case, has been con-
clusively proven by. scientific research.
Prof. Unna, the noted . European skin
specialist, declares" that* dandruff 'is the
burrowed-up cuticle • of the scalp, caused
by parasites' destroying the vitality in the
hair bulb. The hair becomes lifeless, and
in time falls out. This can be prevented
Newbro's Herpicide kills this dandruff
germ, and restores the hair to its natural
softness -and abundancy.'
runner of Future Baldness.
First Appearance of Dandruff a Fore-
NIP IT IN THE BUT).
SUMMER-RESORTS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
' modeled and renovated. KING, -WARD &
CO. European plan. - Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week;.$S to $20 month. Free baths;
hot; and cold water .every room; fire grates In
every, rwm; elevator runs all njgut.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And ail other facial blemishes are . removed • by
DR. • and MRS. -A. < W. .TRAVERSE, • Donohoe
building, 1 1170 Market street, cor. ..Taylor,' rooms
28-29,' with" the '. electric 'needle '.without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
BAY STATE HOUSE,
V SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
-On MARCH 1 MRS. LTDIA MATHISON will
open the Bay State House and Cottages for the
season. , ."?,',> ¦<'¦'/¦¦ >'¦' "¦¦<¦ '¦¦.'-¦ .- ¦
.- Those ¦ who know' the lady's ' wide' reputation
.for ¦ good cooking: ¦ will readily understand that
the. table will be the chief feature of the men-
age of the Bay -State under her management
but ; In * addition ; the ' house offers the ; great at-
traction of being beautifully situated on Beach
Hill, " In i close : proximity ' to . the bathing beach.
Its ¦ many ,' pleasant, ''¦ sunny - rooms have ' been
newly -furnished and refitted." ., Mrs. Mathlson
offers ' to < her patrons at ¦, moderate rates an at-
tractive home for either the summer or. winter,
as the house ;Wlll, be open, the year, round.
'. For terms 3 address*.; '.,-.-.
1 MRS. 1 LYDIA . MATHISON. .
;¦-. v^Bay State House and Cottages,' ,
¦ Santa Cruz, Cal, -
?SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* l«mi- nntl «r« •!•••« •«» Krrl«« Ml
NAK tlt*XCI*«O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
Ijuvi — From Febrcart 9. 19C2. — amuyb
7:0o«. Beiiid*, Suiaau, Elmim and Sacra-
nieuto 8:33 r
":00 a VacsvlUe. Whiten, Ramsey ?:33r
~:S«a M*rtiiie7,!i»ulUmnn.V»lleJo. Kftpa.
Oalistoga mil ttauta R<>»» 6:23r
«:••* DtTta. Woodland. KuigbU Landing.
MaryiTille. ortmiUi... 7:33V
Ht99k Atlantic r.tpreu— Ogdeii and Kact SsS3a
M:U«a NQes. Litthrop, Stockton ?<23r
»i«0a Mir*, MeudoU, Har.Jord, Vitalit,
rortMrille „.. «:33»
8:8u * ShH-ta Express— Darte, William* ffor
Eartlrtt BprlnGs). Willows, Bed
Iilufi. PorUaud. - 7:53»
• i3»i» Ban .iuie, I.Wermorr, Htockton,
lone. Sacramento. Placrrrllle,
M«iyi»i:U\ Clilen, lleil ItlnIT 4:S3t
KiSttA Oakdair. Cbinf*e.Bonora, TuoUmne 4:23i
*:««* Harvard. Mica and Way htntiont.. 1 1 :5.1a
•:0U& Vallejo I*t23f
it :w« a Los Ange'.es Express — UarUnec.
Tracy, luktiirop. Htockkon. Mrrcrd I
Fresno and Los Acgelea 7:83»
StSOA V »!!<•]•>. Martinez ami VV»y Station* . ?:&3r
I 0:o«a Thr Overland Limited— Ogdeu, L»en-
Ter. Omaba. Chicago Si23f
4l:««r Sacramento Klrer Nieamxra {lliOOf
8i««r liriiii'ia, Wintera, hacrainento,
Woiiillaiitl. Kultliti l.mdlnt,
M«rr«rlllc, OrorlUe 111:33,
S:3Or Iliyw ar.t. Mlra and Way BUtltmi.. ?:33f
4:«uii- Muitiiior., Hau lUm ValUJo,
N»P». i:«Ii«u>K». S«iitn Ito.n.. ... 9i25a
4 t«Or Nile*. LiTermore. Stockton. Lodl... 12:23*
<*:»•>!¦ Hayward, Nlie«, !*ait.li.se. Lirrrmore . (8:93a
4:S<»rTlie On I limited *- Fresno, Tulare,
Rakeraneld, Sangni for Santa Bar-
bara. Ixm Aui^lt-* ._. St33*.
Rto«r Port Coeta. Tracy. Lathror>. Stockton 1 «:23a
S:««r Martin's. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ged, Freeno lX:23p
«l:««r Harvard, Kile* and Han Jote 7:334
t«:O«i- ValkjJ« .- 11:23*
«i««»r Oriental Mali— Ojrten. DeuTer.
Omati a. St Louis, Oliiearo 4 >23l
Z ifiir Oregon mud Oalir<irnla i:i|>rpin,Kae-
.* - mumitii, Marj«»lllr, ItfiMfiiK.
roitUml, l'ii(et iSoiin.l and Eaet *i3."»4
•'•3pS»ii Pablo. Port Co-ta, Martiaex
a..<) WarMUUous 11:23*
1«:03r Vallrjo 7t33f
COAST lilN'C (Narrow Uujrs).
(Foot of Mnrket .Street.) -.--,,^-:V;
HiISa Newark.C'iiter.lllp.fcanJ.tte.Krlton.
Boii!derOrrek,8aiita0riixaiidWa]r .
KUtium 3i3»F
1«il Or Keirark. OenUrrlllti. Ban Jose. New
AluMtton. Fxlioii, Itnalder Creek.
Baiita Cm and I'rindpal War
Station! !•«»•*
«<l3r Newark, Hau Jme, Ixmi Gatot 1St3«4
«0.3op Hunters' Train -San Joie aad Way
§ Sutioat : t7.ao>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Froa S1K rUKCISCO— r«M ef lUrket Street (Slip 8)—
tV:16 K.03 ll:00i.«. 1:03 8:03 MSr.M.
ttta CiiCLtKH—r.il •'Brii<!««j.— 1<i:U0 +H:00 tg;O»
10:00 >.M. 12:C3 a.C3 IXSr.M.
COAST LilXB (llroml i;mige).
(Thtr<l ai.drfowuseii<l Sta.) >. v -. '¦
«:I»A Ban Jose and Way Ktatioui.... ....." «:4Wa
7:00a Han JoMaud Way Buttons t8:O4»a
/7t»«4 New A!iia<!«n / 4llO*
>¦•<•? Coast line limited — Ban Jose.
Giir. y, Salinas. Sar. Lui« Obispo.
Santa Barbara. Ixm Angelrs fend
principal intermediate stations.... 10:43*
• tOO a Hau .line. Tret I'inog, HatiU rrux.
Taeinc <Jro*e, cialinas. San I,nii
Obispo ami Principal intermedUte
su.ii.ini -. «siep
inmOA San Jcee aud Way Stations.. «:3«*
¦ liSitA ban Jose uiil Way Statinus U:<«a
t*:«ar San Matso, lledwood, Uenlo Park.
Palo Alto. KantaGlara, Kan Jnse.
Tres Piuot, SanU Cruz, Salluaa,
Monterey aiiit 1'adBe OroTe 1IO:434
SiSttr Han Jose and Wsy ritatlona. f iS«f
««xlftr SaiiJnManit I'rii.opaJ \V> r sutlom StXOV
4 »6©r Snnset tiir/ted— Mondays, W«dnrs-
days, FridaTB, for Los Apgelej, £1
Pavso. New Orleans and Xew York.
Arrires Sundays. Tuesday! and
Thundayi IOiIBa
t*tOOrBan Jose, Los Oatoa and Principal
Way Stations 1»:OOa
SiXOr San Jose >ml Principal Way Stations «:3op
Sltaap San Jose aud Way gtatlous 7<3Op
| TiMr New Orleans Express — Fan Lnis
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
celea, D ming. El Paso, New Or-
loam aud K»»t IliSfJ*
1lt48pSau Josgnud U'ar Stations 7:»Oy
? for Monii ii(. V t or A ftrruoun.
fftnaday exoepted, J hnnday only.
, •t*tcrfl*y on It... / Tuetdt yt aud Triitjt^
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing September 29, 190L
EXTRA TBIPS-ForMIU Valley and B»n
PUtZtl on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
Jsvs at 9 '30 and 11:40 p. m.
W '10:00. 'llrSO «. m.. 1:U.
I £JmSr »4-45 6:30, 8:30 p. m.
Trains' marked C) run to San Quentln.
iu m., '12:25. 2:15, '3:o5. 4.40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 8:55 p. ra.
SUr?DAYS-6:15. 1:00. '10:00. '11:45 a, m..
•1-40 *3:15 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) etart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAKCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55, 8:55, 10:3-j
I. m.. 12:S5. 2:45. 8:50. 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15.
2:30. &:00. 6:45 p. rn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
itations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
ctations.
6:00 a. ra. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
station*.
Local Holiday boats aad trains will run on
Sunday time
flOUNTTAMALPALS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arnre . '
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
\f r t\ h ™ K r **.* m»*«.w- « 1M 1-00 F. fc45 A.
VsMK, fiasm 7 ruMfeee t« f — n ni Tiilm^ 1 1 00.
fis**to&*n, «a julujct tsun «< tiv&iuxo tmmxx.
t Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS THIS
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
itrenp.th to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
Weekly Call. $1 per- Year
Santa' Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ......
" Visalla... 3:39 p .. 5:00 a ..
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30 a ......
"Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
' a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California -Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local flrst-claes passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on' this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. • .
8 p. m. is .the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also.
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding . train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market - street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland . ...... - -i --....;•-.«- -* . -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry,' Foot of. Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ra. -
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. v
San Rafael to San Francisco. ¦
WEEK DAYS— ti:10. 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 28, 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I 1 Sun- I Week
Tjays. I days. | Destination! days. [ Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 110:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:23am
C:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa.] 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor, • 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
GeyservMe,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:36pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6 :20pm
7:30am 10:40amll0:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7 :35pm I
3:30pm S :00pm | 6:20pm
7:30am S:u0am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am) |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| &:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Gej-eervllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelsey-
vllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley'ij,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, "WHllts, LaytonvUle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN,.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
\Chicaco\
IN LESS THAN
3 DA YS
From -
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
'& NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOUBLE Drawingr-Room Sleeping
Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Li-
brary Cars, with barber. Dining
Cars— meals a la carte. Dally Tourist
Car Service at 6 p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions , every Wednes-
day and Friday at 8 a. m. from San
Francisco. The best of everything-. •
R. R. RITCHIE
ei7 MARKET ST. Gen. Ag.nt Pacific Co«*t
Palace Hotel San Francisco
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. • '¦
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all - derangements of the
Internal . Viscera, 25c a box. At Druggists, ¦ or
by mall. • RADWAY & CO.. New Tork.
ST/\TE7VV.BINT
—OF THE—7- '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE—— -
SECURITY^ TRUST
LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901, and . for the year ending on
that dayj made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of section 013 of the Political Code
of said State.
CAPITAL. ' '
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Cash $ 500,000.00
' ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned
by the Company ...$,,033,000.00
Amount of Loans secured by Bond ;
and Mortgage on Real Estate.. 125,600.00
Premium note and loans In any
form taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force.. 50,358.43
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com- .
pany ..-- 241,936.00
Amount of Cash on hand in Com-
pany's office 611. Oo
Amount of cash deposited in Banks 32.332 . 53
Interest due and accrued &.445.70
Agents' Ledger Balances 36,395.22
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 104,133.18
Cash loans to policy holders on
this Company's policies as-
signed as collateral....... -30,526.30
Chestnut-Street National Bank... 12,641.69
Total Assets $1,077,030.18
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments - tn process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not .
due $ 69.335.34
Claims resisted by the Company.. 25.500.00
Net present value of all the out- ' . „•"-
standing policies,- computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with. #
four per cent interest 1.126,203.72
Taxes. Bills, etc 1,888.08
Present value of unpaid ambunts
on matured installment policies. 23,334.00
All other liabilities, .: 17,215.01
Total Liabilities $1,263,476.15
INCOME.
Cash received . for premiums on
new policies during the year $ 151,941.02
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year.......... 631.701.49
Cash received for interest........ 22,200.83
Cash received for rents. 163,175.55
Received - for reinsuring, risks of
¦• American Union Life Ins. Co.... 206,611. 83
Received from all other sources.. 1,816.75
Total Income $1,177.537. 4T
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $ ¦, S00.S72.62
Cash paid for surrendered policies. 13,336.00
Cash paid for dividends . to policy
holders 146.32
Commissions paid to agents.. 134,025.70
Salaries and other compensation of
officers . and employes, . except
" agents and medical examiners..' 37,985.75
Salaries and traveling- expenses of
managers of agencies 3,246.48
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries ......:.... 15.887.B2
Cash paid for taxes. : . . ... .... 18,306.42
Cash paid for rents. . . - . -I :i. .'.:':.¦. I 22,340.05
Cash paid for " commuting commls- ¦ -
¦ion».r.*r.vrt"7ir;v:rr.v.irr 3.700.00
All. other ¦ cash • payments ' (specify-
ing) 243,400.46
¦ Total expenditures during
:. the year .'. ..........I 992.947.30
ROBERT E. PATTISON. President.
¦ ¦: . O. A. CRAINE, Secretary.
- Subscribed and ' sworn to before me this Sth
day of February, 1002. .
JATINCENT BOSEMON,
¦ Commissioner for California in New. York.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Offlc* ot the
Veterans" Home of California, room 13. 320
Eansome st.. San Francisco. Cal. — Under and
In pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
yountvllle. Napa County. Cal.," and appro-
priating $25,000 ¦ therefor (approved March
26. 1901, Statutes 1901, page 823), and In
accordance with the resolution of the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12. 1901. the board
of directors of the Veterans' Homa of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites - and advertises for
sealed . proposals for furnishing the- materials
and performing the labor for the erection
.and construction of said hospital building, at
the said Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
County, in accordance with the plans, de.
eciiptlons, bills and specifications, prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnll, archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon suoh
sealed proposals will be let. made and en-
tered Into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can be , seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
m. of each and every business day. from
the date hereof to the date of said contract
or contracts, at the office of the said dl-
. rectors of said Veterans' Home, room, 13.
(820 Sansome st., San Francisco. Cal.
{Separate bids will be received and separate*
contracts let and entered Into as herein
above set forth, for each of tha following
parts of said building, erection or structure,
including . the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled "An act to regulate - contracts
on behalf of the State In relation to erection,
of buildings" (approved March 23, 1870.
Statutes 1S75-6. page 427), and the acts
amendatory thereof, that Is to say for tha
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work. Including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
' Fifth, for. the tinning, galvanized Iron and
slating work, and
Sixth, for the painting and graining.
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills 'and specifications, Including tho
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor therefor.
The work Is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac H. Small and
the ¦ buildings and grounds and the hospital
. committees of said Veterans' Home, acting
for and on the behalf of Us said board of
directors.
A separate contract -will be let for as many
different kinds of work as are hereinabova
specified. No bid or proposal will be received
or .considered unless accompanied with a good
and sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party proposing or bidding will duly enter
Into a proper contract and faithfully perform
bis or their contract or contracts, in accord-
ance with said proposal or bid. and the plans.
descriptions, bills and specifications, whlcla
are hereby made a part of this notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter.
Said sealed bids or proposals roust be de-
livered to the said directors of the Veterans*
Home of California, or to the secretary there-
of, at the office of said directors, room 13.
320 Sansome St., In the city and county of
' San Francisco. State of California, on or
before the hour of 1:30 p. m. of the twenty-
second day of March, 1902. which Is hereby
designated as the time and place where th»
said sealed bids or proposals will be opened
by the saM directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made
If In the opinion of said board of directors
of the said Veterans' Home the acceptance)
of the lowest or said sealed bids or proposal*
shall not be for the best Interests of the
State, said board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any of said bids or pro-
posals opened as In their opinion may be for
the best Interests of the State, under and la
accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 of the said «ct entitled, "An
act to regulate contracts en behalf of tha
State In relation to erection and buildings'*
(approved March 23. 1876, Statntes 1875-0.
page 427). or to reject any or all of said
sealed bids or nrODOsals.
- For ¦ further Information and . particulars
- bidding * contractors are hereby , referred to
the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
of directors, as heretnabove set forth.
By order of the board of directors of the
Veterans' . Home of California.
J. J.'SCOVILle, Secretary.
Dated February 10. 1902. .
NEWMAIT & LEVINSOIf.
4^1 WONG WOO,
UT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fcj SANITARIUM.
-ttfSffihto 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
• 7KP$*Q»1V A LL DISEASES CURED
fg/lfdliliSW* Hl exclusively by CUnts*
herbs, over 300O varieties being used. Hour*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
New Laces For 1902/
. The choicest Laces from France,- Switzerland, Belgium and
Germany are here. New designs and weaves embracing
many novelties are being shown in .profusion- No better
time to make selections for your Easter gowns than now, when,
assortments are complete.
Irish Crochet Laces :.... $ 50c to $ 8.00 yd.
Irish 'Crochet Allovers. ....$2.50 to $ 9.25 yd.
Point Vcnise Lace Insertions.:...... 25c to $ 4.50 yd. '
Point Vcnise Lace Allovers ........$1.40 to $ 7.50 yd.
Black and White Escurial Galoons 50c to $ 1.50 yd.
Chantilly Galoons and Medallions 20c to $ 4.00 yd.
Fancy Chiffon Allovers................ $1.50 to $ 5.00 yd.
Grass Linen and Batiste Allovers.. $2.25 to $ 7.75 yd.
Ecru Fancy Cotton Laces 25c to $ 1.00 yd.
Ecru Fancy Cotton Allovers... 60c to $ 3.25 yd.
New Dress Trimmings
: . A decidedly choice collection— of special interest to dress
makers, in entirely new Medallion", Flowered and Pompadour
effects in white, black and handsomest of light and dark shad-
ings, also large assortments of new black and white com-
bination effects. A variety so vast — so complete, that it is
difficult to get any idea of their splendor until you see them.
- Colored Pompadour Appliques...' $300 to $4. 50 yard
Colored Chiffon Appliques 25c to .$7.50 yard
: Black and White Chiffon Appliques... 25c to $10.00 yard
Black Spangled Passementeries $1.50 to $7.25 yard
• Black Spangled Gimps 50c to $1.50 yard
Black Spangled Edges ...../. ioc to 50c yard
Colored Spangled Novelties $1.50 to $5.00 yard
Black Silk Passementeries.... 50c to $8.00 yard
Novelty Persian Bands 50c to $4.00 yard
Also exquisite new garnitures in Bolero Jackets (with sleeves),
fronts, collars,- etc. ' v
Choice White Goods
For Confirmation Dresses
68 inch White Organdies 50c, 65c, 75c, $l.C0, $1.15 yard
v£ (Soft chiffon finish) '
32 inch Persian Lawns... 20c, 25c, 35c, 45c, 50c, 75c'yard.
. (Sheer and washable)
32 inch Plain White Swiss.... :20c, 25c, 30c, 40c, 50c, 60c yard
(Splendid values) -\
48 inch White Chiffons.... .....50c, 65c, 75c, 85c yard
(Guaranteed to laundry) 'V.-l*
Mull Scarfs and Squares
A special invoice just received — They are all white — all are
prettily, hemstitched— some with designs of lace insertion —
Nothing like.them ever offered at these prices :
Bureau - Scarfs size 17 x 50 special at 25c
Art Squares size 30 x 30 special at 25c
Bureau Scarfs size 17 x 50 special* at 50c
Kearnp and Suffer Sts.THK SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1902.
32
nr i ;»T'v*:<q rwAXCK!' — .croiititiw«i.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ' .
850 Market St., corner Stockton.
• ¦ Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
. ¦ Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
* ~ Loans Negotiated.
- Legitimate Business
Agent.
A — Bar and Cafe In Wholesale District:
Good-paying Place; rent $60. Price $1500.
A — French Wine and Liquor Saloon, corner
on Montgomery st.; rent $50. Price $900.
A — Saloon and Restaurant on Market st.-
Party leave city; low rent; lease. Price
$2100. « ¦
A — Restaurant; short distance from San
Francisco; established 14 years and doing
» good business; party going East.
Price $600.
A — Bakery* south of Market st. ; reason for
-selling, old age and sickness; rent $50;
store and 11 rooms; $900.
A— Restaurant; one block north of Market
St., in vicinity of the Theaters; Banquet
Hall; only $500. , -
A — Saloon: cor. near City Hall; good chance
for any one; 6 fine rooms upstairs; low
rent; Price $3000.
A — French Restaurant ' south of Market
st. Price $250; willing to take a partner.
A — Saloon and Lodging-house on . Pacific st.
A — Bakery and Restaurant on principal
Etreet; a money maker; SJO.OOO.
A — Saloon; good-paying place. In the vicinity
of the newspapers' row; call and inves-
tigate. Price $3000. .
A— Saloon near the Palace Hotel. Call and
Investigate. ¦
A — Saloon on principal business street, near
• Market st. Price only $1600.
A — Delicatessen Store and Lunchroom; a-
very good stand on one. of our principal
Business Streets; .1 living rooms in rear;
rent $14. Price $300.
• A — Restaurant and Coffee Saloon on O'Far-*
J rell st.; owner going north. Price $650.
j . A^ — Saloon on Sansome st. ; owner not able
to attend on account other Business;
only $300.
A — Hotel In a live Interior City: one hour's
I . ride from San Francisco; 42 rooms; 47
I beds; parlor; large barroom: large light
I dining-room; 35-40 boarders; 2 wagons;
1 cart; horse; pigs and chickens; long
i lease; only $4000.
j A— KREDO & CO., 14 Flood building.
I A Rare Opportunity 809 Market st.
1 A — $250; cor. grocery and bar. with 4 sunny
J rooms; rent $25; good bar trade.
! -A — $000; cor/ grocery and bar: worth ?*2000;
j account -of sickness; prosperous business.'
{ $800 — Candy mfg. and icecream; $15 a day.
j $S50 — Candy mfg. and icecream: downtown.
! $75— Bakery, candy and notions; rent $10.
$350 — Restaurant: $450 — Chophouee.
1-2500 — Partner for mfg. bu3. KREDO & CO.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
j 6 Eddy St., rooms 18 and' 19.
! Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
I stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
i Money to loan on any of the above.
j A — tO CIGAR stands;' prices $75 to $1500;
¦ profits $2 to $8 daily; rents $6 to ?125 month.
1 I can sell you a first-class stand at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building.
825 Market «t. i -
A— $.100; PARTNER wanted: suited to steady
young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
¦ no experience required; trial given before
I buying. 25 Geary st., room 4.
15 TO 25 per cent net profit every month in the
year; paid weekly by express money order;
your capital can be withdrawn at any time;
your Investment plan the best devised by
1 man; sure, simple and positive; write for
j references and interesting booklet, fully ex-
plaining plan; free to any address. AL.
FETKER.& CO.. 29F St. Ann's building, San
Francisco; established 1893.
$5 11 PROFIT paid on each share since Dec. 1,
1901. If you want good-paying, safe invest-
ment, shares $10 each, dividends payable
semi-monthly, send for circular.. STERLING
& CO., 506 Liberty building. New York; men-
tion .paper. •
GENTLEMAN representing on this coast a
i number- of large Eastern" manufacturers
wishes an energetic partner; capital required
•from $2000 to $3000; 'first-class references
given and required. Address box 3854. Call.
MAN with $1000; manufacturing; profit $1500
yearly; references exchanged ; men with cash
call after 10 a. m., room 323, 927 Market st.
$600 — WANTED— A partner for good profitable
J manufacturing business; small capital, little
1 experience required; call and see me at once,
j 1224 Dupont st. ___________
PARTIES with capital, large or small, to In-
vest. will find a highly profitable and perma-
nent Investment by addressing box 4044. j Call.
I WILL furnish" money to patent and promote
good Invention for Interest In the same.
Business. P. O. box 672, New York.
$375— WORTH $500; restaurant: receipts $18
.day; clears. $100 month or no sale; biggest
J Bnap on earth. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
FOR sale — $550; branch bakery, candy and no-
tion store in good location; good living rooms;
rent $25. Apply 811^ Bryant st.
FOR sale — Bulletin route In Oakland: cheap.
Address L. STEA,RNS. 408 9th St., Oakland.
j YOUNG man wants to buy interest in small
. business; give particulars. Box 4055, Call.
CIGAR stand; water front. 204 East St.; $225
if taken to-day; departure Alaska.
J200 — PARTNER wanted; good place for steady
young man. 40 Ellis st., room 31. ,
WANTED— A laundry route. Box 3842, Call
office. » »
; $350 — GOOD lunch house; established 16 years.
I Owner, box 4056. Call office.
THE salmon cannery business ¦ Is the most
profitable business in the world. If you do
not know this to be a fact call uoon our
agent in your city and let him tell you about
it. The Interstate .Fisheries Company of
Seattle, Wash.. Incorporated, under the laws
of that State, making Its stock fully paid
. and absolutely non-assessable, offer a limited
amount of jts ttock to you at 15 cents per
I ehare and say positively to you that the next
block goes at 25 cents. Look Into It at once
INTERSTATE FISHERIES COMPANY. 302-
303 Pacific block. Seattle, Wash., or branch
office, ERWIN _ CO.. 1104 Market St., room
ft. San Francisco, Cal.
$3500— LIVERY and feed stable; well stocked;
old established; hasn't changed bunds for 7
years; owner retiring on account of other
• business. RETSLOFF — CO.. 906 Market et.
FOR sale — Retail hay and grain business; es-
tablished 15 years; splendid retail location on
main/thoroughfare; capital necessary about
$1200. Principals meaning business address
t box 3074, Call office.
PARTNER wanted; a great opportunity for
right man; to act as salesman on ladies' cus-
tom garments, or tailor. M. P., box 4039
Call office. .
GOOD home and splendid business chance com-
• blned; 7-room flat and ttore; must be sold;
half price. Owner. 454 34th st.'. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Cheap, butcher shop; must be sold
• before the 30th. 486 Eighth 6t.
For sale— Printing office; worth $1200; next *)0
days $500. 1003 Broadway, r. 15. Oakland.
FOR sale — The only brewery In a large county;-
about 00.000 gallons brewed and sold; could
be enlarged at small expense; large lot ot
0 acres - with good buildings; price $13,000.
SANDFORD & VACHELL, 138 Montgomery
St.. 8. F.
GENTLEMAN with small capital, speaking
English, German. French , and Spanish ; thor- ¦
ough bookkeeper; extensive Europtan and-
ment or partnership. Address box 4033. Call.
OUR "Compounding System"' of turf ' specula-
tion is the . safest and most profitable - ever
devised: average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcappers, 113 Stockton st.
AN established self-running business 10 years-
standing; handsome revenue; must be sold;
Q principals dealt. with only. Box 4017, Call.
IF you want to buy or sella business of any
kind call at 135. 6th St.. LOWE _ DARLING.
FOR sale — Restaurant in the Mission; estab^
llshcd 15 years. Box 3S20. Call office.
! . LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
! A— 1 Near The Call buildhis.
-1 Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GRIFFIN, 71t» Market St., rms. 1-2
. ¦ ¦': ¦ MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
'¦ All . for sale on e26y terms: , Please call.
$150 — A centrally -. Iocat?d : rooming-house in
good ' condition for . a , small family- to
make a living; , clean; low rent; a -re-
spectable - house that must be sold. /
|600— A flna modern dwelling: of 10 roomi;
• full of elegant mahogany and cherry fur-
.nlture and ¦ Brufself caroet,', brand new
'•¦-¦ -V. and C06t $1200; sunny side; quiet, respec*-
able; $250 down, bal. on .time. •¦-.:.. .. '
$3000—- A splendid, quiet house: good location;
clears $140 month; permanent people., •
feGOO-VBest apartment house In San Francisco!
• Clears '$300 month! New 6 months ago!
An elegant proposition! No cards given._
A— WANTED at once! : A high-class rooming-
house, well furnished: ¦' must,; be : a ; modern
building: with Kood entrance; must have 40 to
HO rooms and • be priced >at from' $4000- to
$0000 and. worth the money; must be in the
locality bounded by. Van Ness, Mason,. Geary
and California; I can sell such -. a': house at
once. i^'WsMfiyiEressgtqgsW'^W-MJllJMMilB^
) MARION GRIFFIN. 719 : Market : st.
v nnvTtsT* — -rout* »»««¦«*._ i_ I
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason— j
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators; t
gas given;. lady attendant. K. C. AKDEU-
• -SON. D.D.S.; proprietor and manager. . .
SEE my new pink Ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
-. crowns. $2; nlltngs. . 25c, Dr. Brown. 54 6th.
MEYER -16 O* Fan-ell, late of, 6 Turk St.;
cpown'and bridge work: gas specialist.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. <4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
.YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R. L.WALSH. 815% Oeary.nr.Larkln— P*J"-
less ext..'B0c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 1130.
riHESSMAKBRS AND SB AMSTRESSKS
McT>OWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH acrordeon and knlf« pleating. WM.
PTLGTCR 121 Post, ovt O'Connor _ Moffatt.
'" ; : nOC HOSPITAU. '
DR. r-RKELY'S C. P. dog soap by drurglsts
or pt tn» Hoynltal. ' li'H ClnWrn ftate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL" OF^ELECTRICAlT ENGN
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
catalogue free.. ,
A YRF.S' Leading Business College. 723 Market
:¦¦."-— $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete • bus. education: shorthand.
, typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
• spelling. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat, free.
S. F: BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 Market st. — Big
. school because It's beet. Our Gregg short-
i hand students write 200 words a minute on
..test. Typewriters at home free to students, j
. Nine positions last week. . 1
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.. !
S. F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment: !
all bubjects pertaining tn mining and mining j
" engineering: day and night: catalogue free. . j
ALL Gregg •stenographers in S. F. are em-
ployed and well paid, because they do high-
grade work; Miss Neldeffer wrote 192 words
per minute in last week's shorthand contest
at the S. F. » Business College, 1238 Market
st.; new matter, . legal ; notes read perfectly: :
Gregg shorthand used. .' 1
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory I
school for the university, law and medical I
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
.-Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
. following? Life scholarship $50: catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School, 1
' associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltions. Ajcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. j
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginner*, college j
graduate & bookkeepers: in account'g; figures.
TARR. , expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlnins.mech.surr
vey, ascay. cyanide; day. eve.; eat. 1864. Van |
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Half, j
: CALIFORNIA Business College, most thorough |
modern methods: positions for all graduates; j
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re- I
moved to Native Rons' Hall 414 Mason st. ;
A I PRIVATE Academy of Dancing. MISS
JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde St. ..- ¦ . ,
KENT Law School ; day and night. 554 Parrott
I building (Emporium); send for catalogue.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in '<
' class. $1 month. 1&36" Eddy; phone Pine 453 ;
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c: piano for practice. 30 Fifth st.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 SutUr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SCHOOL Trustees— Efficient teachers supplied.
Mrs. M. K. Smith.' Woman's Inc., 4 Vernon.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery «t.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 10O.3 Mission ; Instruments . selected.
Chicago Business College 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 Yno.
IlLUSTRATION^paRTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st..;8.,F.;
founded TR.1- new R0-r>nr* '•atalos'u* 'fr«p.
¦ _— EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleanlngT' cooics
and .waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1807. BRADLEY & CO.. «40 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 16S: expert, reliable help. | ..
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming andhouse-
cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. .315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. : tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.Chl-
nese help.' 426 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072.
EMI'LOYSIEST WASTED — KKMVLE.
AN elderly woman, good English and American
cook and baker, will assist with light house-
• work; wages moderate. ¦ 511: Bryant st. * I
AMERICAN lady. wishes position as housekeep-
er or companion; home more of an object;
¦ references. Box 3S55, Call office.
REFINED lady wishes employment part of
day; private family or rooming-house. Box
4050, Cal! office.
WANTED— Position by two 8wedlsh girls to
learn to wait at table In private family or
boarding-house. Box 4046. Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker, good fitter, cutter;
cuts by tailor ¦ system; dresses remodeled;
quick worker. Address box 3850, Call office.
YOUNG'glrl 17 years old wishes position; gen-
.eral housework-. 2 City Hall place.
' MIDDLE-AGED woman wants , situation to do
light. housework; no washing. . Call or address
SW Third st. ' . '•
A SCANDINAVIAN or German girl; cook and
general housework; no washing; about 30 to
, 35 years of age. ¦ Apply 233 Third ave., Rich-
mond district; Sutter or Geary st. cars.
REFINED housekeeper, good German cook,
wishes position; widower with children; city
or country. Box 4057, Call office.
' A RELIABLE woman would like place to wash
linen or dishes In restaurant. 1407 Mason tit.
A- RESPECTABLE middle-aged woma'i de-
. sirea a place for housework; good cook; light <
washing; kind to children. ' Address House-
work, box 4Q71. Call office.
YOUNG Swiss lady wants a position for up-
stairs-work and sewing: city references.
Please state name and wages. . Address ' D.
E.. 48 Collinzwood St. j-
COMPETENT young? woman wishes second
work in family or private boarding-house.
¦Address 1532 Polk st. -
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
fitting, .¦ latest styles, costumes remodeled;
$1 50 per day. 10 Metcalf place., off Geary
Bt.;' hear ¦ Mason. -
A WIDOW wants a position' as housekeeper;
city or country; no trlflers. . Address"M. H
box 4072. Call office.
"WOMAN wants work ¦ by the day; washing,
.ironing, housecleaning;.?! and car fare. 513
- Howard street" room '13.
WOMAN, wants work by day washing. I.-on-
: lnp or cleaning. 19 Stevenson ave.', oft
.'Valencia st. .. •...-.
WOMAN wants work by day' washing. Ironing
.or housecleaninsr. : Address Laundress, Call
.branch, 300 Hayes St. j
YOUNG woman desires, housework; city or
•country. ; Call Monday at 212 Grove st In
basement.. . ...... ' . . r
DRESSMAKER from New York wants engage-,
ments in families; tailor made and evening
dresses specialty; satisfaction guaranteed. 716
Larkin st. ¦ ;.\.' 1 - ; .
DRESSMAKING, $1 75" p«r day. 402 Four-
.' teenth »t. ; Phone Capp 3202.
JAPANESE girl wants position as second work
and sewing. Address to R.K.; box 67, Berke-
'.': ley,', Cal. •;-.-¦ ;. . ' -..-¦_: .;..,; y .- ;. ; :
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar^
.-., ket— 200 rooms; 25« to $1 SO.p«r night: $1 SO
to- $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
-:l bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has r been *» tabllshed ¦ at 109«
' Valencia st. *r ¦.:••. • ¦¦.. - ...
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-^MALE.
STENOGRAPHER — Responsible young attor-
ney. - r stenographer, typewriter, bookkeeper
and general office man of experience, ajf« Z5
• ¦ desires clerical ¦ position ¦ where merit will se-
; v cure advancement : excellent I references ; - no
.. objection to country. >. Address box 4047, Call.
CAPABLE.; active man desires position as col-
lector;or other, position of trust:-*Al refer-
" ences.' . Box 3852, ¦> Call.". ¦¦¦
f EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
j SCANDINAVIAN coachman or man about
j place, 6 • years' reference from last place,
wishes situation. See J. F. CROSETT & CO..
C2S Sacramento st. . ¦ ¦
MAN of 30, single, good appearance, 12 years'
experience, wishes position as bookkeeper or
cashier preferences, bonds if required. Bor
3S43, Call office. .
RELIABLE, competent man wishes position as
watchman or take care of horses and cattle;
no objections to country; single; strictly
¦ temperate; middle aged. Box 3966,' Call.
COMPETENT gardener wants situation; flrst-
class references. Box 8845. Call office.
COACHMAN-gardener wants situation;' local
references. Box 3»46,'Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind by the-
day, week oc month. . Box 4048, Call office.
YOUNG man, first-class masseur, would like
position In baths or parlors. Box 4049, Call.
RELIABLE, educated man wishes light" em-
ployment; city or country. Box 4045. Call.
ALL-ROUND butcher, speaks English and
German, desires position city or country.
Box 4054. Call.
YOUNG man. 22. wishes position- of any kind
during the evenings and on Saturdays; ac-
quainted with bookkeeping. Box 4043, Call.
POSITION wanted as horseshoer by good
workman ;• sober, steady man. Box 3841, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man; first-class
on horses: can milk or work any kind; will-
Ing worker: city or country; references. . Box
3853, Call office. . . . :
FIRST-CLASS brewmaster wishes a position
in a medium or large brewery; best refer-
ences: 10 years last position. Box 3849. Call.
A PRACTICAL miller of 25 years' experience,
with first-class references from mill owner,
wishes situation as first or second miller.
Address HERMAN, box 3856. Call office.
WANTED — Position In store; have had 3
years' experience In general store; city or
I country. Address box 3650, Call office. Oak-
| land.
! WANTED— Position in gents' furnishing goods
! store; have had some experience; would like
: to learn business thoroughly; references. Ad-
! drees box 3B51, Call office, Oakland. *
COLLECTOR wants position with some reliable
firm; can give Al references. Address M. C.
G.. 211 Fifth st.. Oakland.
STOUT young man wants work of any kind
• that will pay fair wages; handy with tools;
¦ porter work, wholesale 'house, handy man.
W. M., box 4067, Call" of flee. - _ ,
j A STRICTLY sober Scandinavian wants work;
- understands care of horses, chickens and a
• good milker.' Box 4058, Call office.
WANTED— Position as packer. CHARLES
EVANS. 30 Golden Gate avenue.
YOUNG man coachman or man about place
wishes situation; city ref. Box 3862. Call.
! CHAMPION .heel and edge setteV; all-around
! shoe man. « Address C, Call branch office,
1&41 Mission st. . .
1 GOOD carpenter, steady man. wants to work
I for some company; no objection to .mining
1 camp. Box 3858, Call officer -'
COACHMAN, young Englishman, seeks post-
I tlon, or as man about place, or would go as
janitor, porter, etc: good references. Box
I 3861. Call. ; ¦ .
I YOUNG man. German, and graduate of
Heald's, desires employment; office work; not
! over eight .¦ hours preferred; salary moderate,
j Address box 450, Petaluma, Cal. ' .
; YOUNG man, age 22 years, seeks employment
j In a factory: willing to do any kind of work;
\ city preferred. Box 3830, Call office.
! BOOKKEEPING and general office work; good
j experience and references; age 21; state sal-
I ary. Box 4040, Call office. -
' i GOOD cook wants situation In hotel," restaur-.
! ant or boarding-house. Call 62 Second st..
1 I room 14.
YOUNG man of 25, Danish, sober and reliable,
wishes work .on ranch; "thoroughly under-
! stands horses and eattle: good place more
, I than wages. \ Box 4037, Call office,
J YOUNG Frenchman, speaks Spanish and little
1 j English, desires a position as waiter at table
¦' or do general work In private family; good
I references. Box 3812. Call.
. [ WELL educated young man, good stenographer,
knowledge of bookkeeping, seeks position ;
salary $50 month. Box 3854. Call. '
COACHMAN gardener who knows hla business;
12 years' reference. C. G., box 3829, Calk.
j BUTTERMAKER wants position;. . 22 years"
j practical experience in building, repairing
and operating creameries. Address box 4024.
}.. Call office. ' . -,'- -.-:.
i GERMAN with thorough knowledge of English
and Spanish desires position as correapond-
1 .' ent. assistant bookkeeper or similar employ-
ment; best city references. Box 4014, Call.
. F. M. JONES and JOHN J. NEWMAN, surgl-
cal and medical nurses; Al references. Tele-
" phone South S57: residence. 206 Van Ness av.
- I POSITION as porter, wrapper or assistant
. ! packer by March 1. Address N. LINTON,
• ! 4.'{5^ Minna st
JAPANESE wants position to do cooking.
wait 'at table, etc., in American family. Box
¦ 4038, Call office.
¦ A' BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
.Valencia st. .. • •
il =
r LARGE *
: . CONTINUOUS
i . PROFITS
" Can be earned by a
» . SMALL INVESTMENT.
The Wall Street
SPECULATING COMPANY (Inc.)
! offers an opportunity to earn large and cOn-
! tinuous profits from small investments by
' their new and successful plan of stock specu-
; . latlon. Write for particulars. Highest ref-
. / erence furnished. Account of $25 and up-
ward accepted. . .
H. H. WEILBACHER * CO..
> - - 25 'Broad St., New York.
I _____
1
1 ' ¦ :; '* "• '
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted.- guaran-
teed and financed: stock taken In payment
for services; 'good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
' " AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
. ttock brokers, 326 Poet at.
• PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc>— We
have 43 offices In operation; new method ot
placing; stocks and bonds; companies lncor-
. pcrated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
j or address main office, 607-S-9 Parrott bldg.
• j PRIVATE party would sell $5000 or less Munl-
I elpal Water Bonds reasonable. Box 406t>. Call.
; '¦- "-- FLATS TO LET. .
r j ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ *-," - ¦ — - ¦ ¦ ' - ¦- ¦ --»
A— % SUNNY rooms, bath; every modern conve-
nience; 4 car lines; warm belt Mission; $32 50.
< ' reduced froirf $40. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st. ¦
A— SUNNY; 5 and 6 rooms; 2 gau grates: 753
• to 705 Sixth ave.; McAllister, Geary or Sut-
> ter st. cars; reduced rents. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st. ,., ~"
' A — COZY; 5 to 8 rooms, facing Golden Gate
" Park; 509 to 629 Frederick st.. near Stanyan
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. v
j $42.50—1142 JACKSON st., near Taylor- a
I modern flat, seven rooms and bath; marine
view. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE _ CO
r 218 Montgomery st.
» MODERN up-to-date flats, with natural red-
. wood finish: 8 rooms; Washington, bet Polk
v and Van Ness; open all day Sunday.
I MODERN sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath Cor
5 I Eighth av«. and Clement st.. Richmond; "
- I NICELY furnished fiat, six rooms, to let"
- | Geary, near Jones. Apply 415 Ellis
. I '' . . .... I—
. FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnTsVed^odern^flvT^in
; flat for sale cheap. 647 Ellia 8 t. . . .¦
• -,^'JSJri. *7 nFt?fT ' riJlt — ' TFOp- SALE. ' ¦-¦'.' i ?..?>
. 4 ROOMS I furnished In oak. $43 oO^ltTNTr
1 range. King Fqrnltnre Co.. 1127.1131 Market.
'¦ NICELY furnished flat of 6 rooms: downtown-
1 rent $25. - Apply 415 Ellis st. a °wn.own.
• • M ro^:^^ n8 '!^^^-^ « *
R , h ' al^Jffre of>ro Om rut, $.50; $200
r FCRJtITPRK WAHTED.
I A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mlsslo1T_ > t.""pay ! hlgh-St
] Price for second-hand furniture • tel. Red im
' D '^Jf' B^ A( l K V?f** Klore: "•« >n the world:
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant aye.
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
cntli 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:80 p. m.
*15 Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m,
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
entil P p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 8 p. m-
1096 Valencia street: or>en until 9 p. m.
Northweet corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
ro<-kv etr«>ts- open until 9 p. m.
2200 F11Trrffr» rttwt: »rH»n until 0 P. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin st«. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
minteter; Rev. Dr. Stebbins, minister emeri-
tus; Charles A'. Murdock, superintendent of
Sunday-school; the Sunday-school Is at 10
o'clock: the morning service is at 11 o clock.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt will preach; subject.
"Hell".; music by choir and ciiorus; H.
Bretherick, organist and director; Prof. Ba-
con's Bible class at 10 a. m. . All are cor-
dially Invited. There is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Capp and
Twentieth sts. — Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore. minis-
ter: Wm. •Wertsch Jr.. musical director; Sun-
dey-echool at 9:*5 o'clock; morning theme,
"Lent and Religion": the music will include
a duet by piano and organ, a 'cello solo by
Wm. Wertsch Jr. and a soprano eolo by Miss
J. Nlckerson; the evening theme will be
"Bryant's Failure": the music will include
largo for three instruments, a duet for so-
prano and barytone and a violin solo.
CENTRAL Church. Mission rt.. between Sixth
and Seventh— Pastors. Arthur H. Brlggs and
Herbert F. Brlsgs; 11 a. m.. sermon topic,
"The "Silent Looks of Jesus": 12:45 5. m.,
Sunday-school, Rolla V. Watt, sui>erintend-
ent- 6:15 p. m.. Societies of Christian En-
deavor; 7:30 p. m., concert. Programme:
Organ voluntary (Schmall); anthem, "Mag-
nificat." In E flat (Whitney); orchestral num-
ber, under Charles n. Robson; quartet,
"Savior Whom I Fain Would Love" (Spohr);
violoncello solo. "Evening Star" (Wagner).
M. C. Wallach; 8 r>. m., sermon; Roseoe
Warrer. Lucy, orgajiist and choirmaster. The
' seats are free and the people are welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, coi-ner cf Hayes and Buchanan sts.
— Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. on "Peter, the TemDter." an-1
at Ti30 ?. m. on "Some Attempts to Popu-
larize Christianity"; musical programme by
large chorus. I. E. Blake, director; seats
tree; all Invited. Sunday-school at 12:45 p.
SB. ; Er>worth Leasue at 6 :3O p. m.
THIRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth st.,
near Mission — Rev. William Rader, pastor;
residence, llfi Capn: t»l. Mission 275: 11 a.
m.. "Old Wine SkinE": 7:30 p. m., "The
Teacher." This will be the first in a Sunday
evening series ol popular talks. Other themes
will be "The Doctor," "Lawyer." "Editor."
"Actor" and "Minister."
PARK Congregational Church. 1649 Hayes St..
near Central ave. — The pastor. Prof. R. R.
Lloyd, will preach morning and evening.
Morning subject, "Preparing to Write a
Beautiful Gospel." Evening, a unique gospel
song service: special music by the choir and
male quartet under the leadership ot Mrs.
Jessie Dean Moore. Morning, offertory solo
by Miss Ruby A. Moore from the oratario of
"Eli." Sunday-Bchool and Prof. Lloyd's
Bible class et 12:30. C. E. at 6:30. A cordial
welcome to all.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh Hve. and Clement *t. — Pastor. Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, 3415 Jackson St.;
telephone Jackson 1941; sermon themes: 11
a. m- "Overcoming Evil With Good": 7:45
p. m.. "The Authority of Christ's Teach-
ing"; Sunday-school. 9:45 a. m.; C. E. So-
ciety. 6:45 p. m Seats free. "A cordial wel-
come for every one.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Sacramento st. — Services at 11
a. m. and 7 :30 p. m. : Sabbath-echool at 12 :3d
p. in.: Christian Endeavor at «:15 p. m. Rev.
William Kirk Guthrie will preach both morn-
ing and evening. Evening monthly musical
service: Anthem, "Gloria in Exeelsls" (Vcn
La Htche). solo. Miss Williams; trio for so-
prano, tenor and bass. "The King of Love
My Shepard Is" (Mendelssohn). Miss Wil-
llame and Messrs. Da vies and McBrlde: organ
60I0. ••Communion" In E flat (Batiste); con-
tralto eolo, "How Long, O Lord, Wilt Thou
Forget Me?" (Mietski), Miss Rose; anthem,
"Guide Me. O Thou Great Jehovah" (Mozart).
Otto Fleissner, organist and director of choir.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavla sts. — Rev. John Hemp-
hiU. D. D-. pastor: Rev. George G. Eldredge,
associate aastor; Dr. Hemphill with preach
at II a. m.; topic. "The Compassion of
Christ for the Bruised Reeds of Humanity,"
and rt Second-? t. Mission at 7:3d p. m. :
Mr. Eldrede-e will preach at 7:30; topic
"Tenting In a Land of Promise"; morning
Sabbath-school at 10; afternoon Sabbath-
school at 12:30; Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p. m.;
Wednesday evening prr.yer-meetlng at 8. All
ire cordially Invited.
TRINITY Church, corn-jr Bush and Gough
sts. — Second Sunday in Lent; Holy Commun-
ion at 7:30 a. m.; Sunday-Bchool, 9:3(1 a. rn.;
murning service at 11 o'clock; sermon by
rector, "Common Sense in Religion" (first
of eerie*); afternoon at 4 o'clock, sermon by
assistant; people's one-hour service. S p. m. :
subject of sermon by rector. "The Unjust
Steward." All s»at* free: welcome.
FREDERICK W. CLAMPETT.
6T- STEPHEN'S Church, Fulton St.. near Fill-
more. — Rev. Edgar J. Lion, rector; Rev. S.
J. Lee. assistant; second Sunday in Lent.
Divine services this day: Holy Com-
munJcn, 7 a. m.; morning prayer,
11 o'clock: evening prayer. 7:45 o'clock;
music under direction of Gerard Bar-
ton, organist and choirmaster; Cantlclea.
Gregorian lines, arranged by Stainer: Bene-
dicite.(Stev«:nson). in E flat; anthem, "Tho
Son of God" (Sullivan): offertory, "Comfort
Ye My People Every Valley" (Handel), eung
by Horace Vincent. Seats free.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett St..
near Twenty-second — Moraine servi«e, 11
o'clock: subject. "The First Doctrines of the
* Church": r>r»acher. Rev. J. G«org;e Gibson:
evening. 7:30; baptismal service; barytone
solo, "The Old Fountain" (Klrkpatrick). by
Dr. Gibson. '
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter st., between Kearny st. and
Grant eve. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. ; subject of lesson-sermon, "Christ Je-
eue." Sunday-achool for children at the %ame
hour. Wednesday evening meeting at S
o'clock. Free reading-rooms. 206 Kearny st..
rooms 509-510. This afternoon at 3 o'clock
Judge William G. Ewing of Chicago will give
a. free lecture on Christian Science at Metro-
politan Temple. All are welcome.
MR. MACE'S meetings. Lower Scottish Hall,
117 Larkin «t.. opposite City Hall: Bunday,
February 23, 7:46 p. m., "God's First Ques-
tions to Man"; Tuesday, February 25, 7:45 p.
m.. Thursday, February 27. 7:45 p. m.. series
of addressee on "The Book of Revelation":
34 Eighth st., near Market, Wednesday, Feb-
ruary 26, 7:45 p. m.. Bible reading on "The
Coming of Our Lord." All welcome; come.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will deliver a lecture
on "The Newest England Up to Date," at
Golden Gate HaJl, 62S Suttet- St.. this even-
Ing at 7:45 o'clock. He will tell the story
of the recent developments in social progress
In New Zealand, which is more thrilling than
a romance. Soles by Robert Hughes. Doors
open at 7:15. Admission free.
A GREAT mass-meeting of men to-day at 3
o'clock In the Toung Men's Christian Asso-
ciation. Mason and Ellis Bts. Confidential
talk by Dr. F. W. Clampett, subject, "The
-Four Pillarg of Manhood." Mrs. Birming-
ham and Mr. Barnhart will sing preceding
the address. All men Invited.
HOME of Troth 'Pl-aetlemI Christianity). 1231
• Pine et.. near Hyde — Sunday services at 11
•. m. and 7:45 p. m.; healing meeting, Mon-
day at 8 p. m., Tuesday at 3 p. m. All are
welcome. *
THE Hermetic Brotherhood open meetings are
' v «ry Thursday evening- at 8 o'clock. 509
v *-n Ness ave.; friends are welcome.
THEOSOPHICAL free popular lectures every
6unday at 8 p. m.. Flood building. S09 Mar-
ket St.; subject to-night, "Nature. From the
Secret Doctrine." by Miss Marie A. Walsh;
Bible class to-day at 11 a. m. : inquirers'
meeting Thursday «t 2:30 p. m. Thought
. f* wer «™°er consideration. Free lending
library and reading-room open daily, 1 to 4
P. rn. and Saturday evening.
THE Tbeosophlcal Society — Public lecture to-
nlght In Odd Fellows' building at 8 o'clock,
*F W.J. Waiters, subject, "Creatures of Our
Thoughts. Lecture illustrated by stereop-
tlcon views. Public meetings on Tuesday
evening at 8. on Thursday aftarnoon at 2:30-
ln<Ju!rer l- cU * 8 ' g unday. 11 a. m.; children's
group, "The Golden Chain." Sunday 11:30 a.
m. Lending library open dally from 1 to
MEETIKGS — SUSP AY.
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN lectures this
•yentng at C->>ti1 Il,,ll. I» ; . mian Castle. Ooj.
Market st..- subject. "War of the Elements."
followed ty views of a tour from London to
Home. Free tickets for X-Ray exhibition at
sanitarium. Tuesday evening, will, be dis-
tributed. Seats free; no collection; remem-
ber the Question box.
— AA — Monthly lecture upon "Suggestion," Il-
lustrated by rood hypnotic subjects; 'or
thu.lu-r* cnty. Henry Harrison Brown, O-1-!
Fellows' blflg., dp. m.; good music seats ?V.
JOHN SLATER— Circle 25c to-nlght. / *: 15
sharp: tests to all: sittings daily. 1809
Stockton St., near Greenwich; phone Red
5455. .
TESTS, 809 Market, rear ha.ll; 11, free; 2-8
10c; Swan, Maxwell, Wrenn, Martin. Brown*
others.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. 305 Larkin Feb"
23, 7 :3O p. m. ; Mrs. R. S. Llllie. ¦ speaker:
*r<¥- _\_
A— MRS. GILLINGHAM'S fpiritual test meet-
ing, & p. m.. 10c. 305 Larkin; ques. read.
*•— PROF. GEE. 108 6th. et.: circle to-ntght
end every night, 10c; readings dall*
HELP WASTED gEMA— E.
A-MRS. M. E. DAY & CO, .Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses. Santa Barbara, $25. free 'are; 3
waitresses. Pasadena. $20; full fare_ advanced;
6 waitresses. Coronado Beach. $20. H fare
paid: 13 waitresses, city and ««ntry hotels.
$20 $25; 3 chambermaids to wait. $20. cham-
be ™ a ! d ' &ILY DEPARTMENT
Cooka. second girls.- bousegirls. city and coun-
try; best waffes. _
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO -^ Geary St.
WANTED— A large number of girls for ail
kinds of housework: places too numerous to
advertise. Call early Monday at J. F. CKU-
SETT & CO.'S. 334 Sutter st.
A RELIABLE woman or girl for general
housework in small family. Apply be t w «*i»
3 and 4 p. m.. Monday or Tuesday. MRS.
BALDWIN, 62B Eddy at.
LADIES, copy letters hom: $4 to $6 weekly;
send stamped envelope for application. Mon-
ar<h Supply Co.. Dept. 114. Chicago.
YOUNG girl for -light housework: good home
and reasonable wages. MME. BERNARD, IT
Third st.
WANTED— Apprentice to begin with pay im-
mediately; come ready to work. 220 McAl-
llster st. p
PREPOSSESSING, Intelligent young lady to do
outside work for wholesale house. Box 3840.
— F^L^i 150 !: .
I GOOD amateur musicians: various instra-
; ments; for fine amateur orchestra. L. B. J.«'
: box 4059, Call office. •
ttAX>Y free from home cares can secure perma-
nent position by addressing bar 4070. Call.
GIRL for cooking and housework for two. Ap-
ply 1922 Baker St.. mornings.
EXPERIENCED hands on Infants* and chil-
dren's dresses. 220 Sutter at., room 25.
GIRL to learn glove making; good opportunity.
CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
APPRENTICE for hairdresslng and manicur-
ing. Elite Dermatology Institute, 83S Market.
YOUNG girl assist housework: family of 3.
Monday, 185 Carl St., near Stanyan.
' WOMAN of refinement for work among women :
no canvasslnar. ""Wholesale." box 4041. Call.
CANDY saleslady. Apply , to-day from 10 to
12, BLUM'S Confectionery, Polk and Sutter.
WANTED — First-class sleeve maker. Room A,
121 Post st.
BOOKFOLDERS; also apprentice wanted.
Bockblndery, 536 Clay st. <
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 1534. Philadelphia. Pa.
OPERATORS at Levi Strauss _ Co.'s Overall
Factory. 82% Fremcnt st: no exptrteac*
necessary; good pay; steady work. Apply
to MB. DAVIS. ¦'-TVi,.
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
work at highest pay; also have- a few ma-
chines empty for girls about 16 years of mg*
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove ats.
WANTED — Immediately 8 ambitions girls to
learn hairdresslng from A to Z In 2 weeks
and take charge of private customers where
you can earn $50 per month; coarse $5. Col-
lege. 233 Geary St.. rooms 13-15.
A ' LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to rixht par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
A FEW young girls to sew on buttons; paid by
the week. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome.
BRIGHT girl to check work in our factory.
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— Young German speaking child' 3
nurse In San Rafael. Address P. O. box
265t. city. r
WOMAN or girl to assist in housework; sleep
¦ home. Apply 1721 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Girl to do housework for married
couple. 1496 Fulton st.. bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— An experienced tucker; steady
work: MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
A GERMAX woman as governess; state r«-
lUion; salary $30. Box 2994. Call-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
HELP WAATED— MALE.
MURRAY" & READY 634-636 Clay" st.
-. « •- Phone Main C848.
Leading Employments Agents.
Office open 7 a.m.
Blacksmith and woodworker for quarry, far*
$1 50, $2 75 day; handy man to sharpen
drills and do carpenter work; engineer mint.;
6 miners fo> a good mine, $67 50; 2 molders.
city..' slack cooper; married stableman, city
Job, $50; stableman, country. *40 to »r»o;
stableman, butcher's stable, $20; 10 farmers,
orchard and vineyard $2t> to $35 and found;
5 panners. $30 and found; 7 choremen anil
chore boys; milker, C. C. Co., $30 and found:
'2 milkers, north, see boss here. $35 and
found; dairyman. Sonoma County. $33 and
found; farmer and wife. Contra Costa Coun-
ty, $40 and found; married laborer, mine;
man and wife, private place, city, $50 and
found; 10 laborers. $1 75 and $2 day.
-.:.......... WOODCHOPPERS
350 woodchoppers and tiemakers. level
ground, virgin timber, cheap fare, big
money can be made, redwood 30c. pine $1 25,
hrfrdwood $1 50, ties 10c to ISc each, shingle
; bolts $1 50 cord; cook for springs, $50 and
found; cook, small hotel, Santa. Cruz County,
$30 and found; 10 cooks, other places; 12
waiters. 8 kitchen hands.
MURRAY. & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILL WOODS. ~~
5 woodsmen. $40 and found; spool tender. $52
and found; off bearer. $45 and found; eager-
man, $45 and found; 3 lumber pliers. S4G
and found; lumber carman, $40; 10 laborers,
. $3* ard found. MURRAY & READY. 634-6at
Clay st.
A— COACHMAN; private place; $35 and found.
Call to-day (Sunday) between 9 and 11 a. m.,
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Claj at.
A TO-DAY. SUNDAY
TO-DAY, SUNDAY
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 Geary st,
Wanted — 100 tunnelmen. header and earner-
men, drillers and muckers for big tunnel at
Chatsworth Park, C*l. ..1.
Wages : $2 to $2 50 a day
Free Fare Ship To-day' Free Fare
C. R- HANSEN _ CO 104 Geary st.
SALESMEN — $50 weekly and expenses; sam-
ple tree; greatest money-making invention ot
age; automatic washer; does washing in '3C
minutes without labor or attention; cheaper
than any other machine; Indestructible;
agents coining money. TO rite for sample and
agency. Automatic -Washer Co.. Station U,
Chicago. ,.-:¦-•;
DO you want to earn $23 per week? If «c
send 25c for sample of our Imitation diamond
and opal jewelry; the finest imitations in the
world; has defied experts. New York Nov-
elty Co., room 1. 993 Market st.
SALESMAN wanted for staple line with «pe-
dal plan; high commission and liberal ad-
vance; permanent to good salesman with
business ability and energy. Box 52. Cleve-
land, Ohio.
WANTED — A large wholesale house wants an
office boy about 17 years old; must reside
with parents and have best of references.
Address In own hand-writing box 4052. Call.
TEN boys, 15 years old, for manufacturing
concern; afternoons and Saturdays; salaty;
give full particulars. Box 4051. Call.
ENGRAVING apprentice: no salary until rudi-
ments trade acquired. Pacific Engraving
Co.. 702 Market St.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $175
ca3h; $13 week; steady place; no experience
required. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st.
GOOD amateur musicians; various Instru-
ments- for fine amateur orchestra. L. B. J..
box 4059. Call office.
MAN to do chores; small place; FrultvM*;
wages $10. Inquire 105 Tenth st, between
10 and il a. m.
DOMESTIC salesman; window dresser pre-
. forred. Box 8859. Call office.
WANTED — First-class coatmaker; no others
need apply. VERD1ER. 984 Geary st.
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 1534. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Flrst-claaa dishwasher. Capitol
Restaurant. 206 McAllister st. ____..
EXPERIENCED pressers and underpressers on
pants. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission St.
WANTED— Vest maker at M. J. KELLER
CO.'S. -1157 Washington St.. Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale In Oakland; S3*';i
Broadway, near Seventh; must be sold this
week ; offer wanted. "
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
EXPERIENCED bill clerk: familiar wits
. wholesale plumbing and steam supply busi-
ness. Box 3S38. Call.
A BOY about 15 to learn carpenter trade. 61
Sacramento st.. S. J. WILKIN3 at CO.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man as partner tn
1 No. 1 cash business; easy hours; clears StOO
month; small capital required. Box 3S32,
Call office.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
.Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS/ ;
GENTLEMAN" of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott bulldln*. . *''
WANTED^ — For country, sash and door bench
. hands. Call 575 Mission st.
WANTED — Ex-soldiera and sailors at 630 Mar.
- ket to file claims for extra pay. O. E. Hows.
MEETINGS—- SUNDAY— Continued.
"W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
ni?ht ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
MltS. STODDARD'S convincing test circles.
10c: Sun., Tues.; readings dally. 278 9th.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-nlght. 005 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
Mrs. Eberhardt's spiritual test meeting to-
night. 3250 22d. bet. Mission & Valencia; 10c.
LADIES' Aid social and dance. 305 Larkin.
Feb. 2S. 1902; good music; admission 10c.
VAN AUKEN free palmistry lecture this eve,,
8; free readings for all. 330 ElHs st.
TESTS, front hall, 909 Market st.; 11, free:
2-8. 10c. Wilson, Seely, Hodgson.
EARLE — Slate writing to-night. 328 Ellis
6treet. , . • . ¦
MEETING NOTICES.
FRANCO-AMERICAINE Lodge <I&__/«C "
No. 207, I. O. O. F. — Officers and 4>2?^KSfc.
members are ' resoecttully re- T^ ! JS^^?
quested to attend the funeral ot ZTA';
our late brother, Past Grand A. GILBERT,
from Odd Fellows' Hall, SUNDAY, Feb. 23,
1902, at 12:30 p. m. •
J. MBRRIENE. N. G.
L. LEON AURADOU. Sec.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O.
F — Officers and members are 4*$3*!fe
hereby notifW to assemble
promptly at 9:30 o'clock on THIS -" ! «»* p *"
<f UNDAY) MORNING, Feb. 23, In Memorial
Hall. O. F. building, cor. 7th and Market
sts., for the purpose of attending the funeral
ceremonies of our late brother, WILLIAM
GRADY. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
M r . H. GIBSON, N. G.
W. F. NORCRCSS. Rec x Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No.~222. I. O. *Mm*g,
O. F. — Triple initiation TO-MOR- :05!^*Ss_.
ROW (MONDAY) EVENING.
Visitors cordially invited.
C. L. ZIEGLER. N. G.
H. W. OSTHOFF. Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission havlnr re-'
ceived an application to mine by the hydraulic
process from C. L. Canfleld, in the Blue Tent
Company Mine, near Nevada City,' Nevada
I Co., to derwsit tailings In a ravine Below the
j . mine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
! at room 59, Flood building, San Francisco,
I Cal., on March 10, 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received an application to mine by th« hy-
draulic process from R. A.- Pemberton, In
the Princess hydraulic mine, at Igo, Shasta
County, to deposit tailings in Dry Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal..
I on March 3. 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
I ANNUAL MEETING— Hakalau Plantation
i Company — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
1 pany will be held at the office of the cotn-
I pany. 327 Market st.. In the city and county
J of San Francisco. State of California, on
1, WEDNESDAY, the Mh day of March. 1902.
j at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-«
j pos« of electing a board of directors to rerve
fcr the ensuing year and for the transaction :
\ of such other business as may come before :
1 the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday. February 21. 1902. at 3 o'clock
P. m. H. XV. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL meetins Paauhau Sugar Plantation '
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders cf the Paauhau Suear Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of '
the company. .".27 Market st., in the city :
and county of San FranciFco, State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 1st day of
March. J902. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of direc- .
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. February 18. 1
1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary. !
j ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com- I
J pany. — The regular annual meeting of the
j ftockhclders of the Honolulu Plantation
j Company will be held at the office of the
; company.- 327 Market St.. In the cHy and
1 county of San Francisco,* Ftate of Calif or-
1 nil, on WEDNESDAY, the 26th day of
i ' February, 19C2, at the hcur of 11 o'clock
! a. m.. for the purpose of electing' a board
cf directors to serve for the ensuing year.
end for the transaction of such other bus'- I
nets as may. come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, F»t>- :
ruary 15, 1902, at 12 o'clock m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR !
PLANTATION COMAPNY— The regular an-
iroa] meeting of the stockholders of the Kil-.j
auea Sugar Plantation Company will be held ¦
at the office of the company, 327 Market St.,
in the city and county of San Francisco, :
Ptate of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February. 1902. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a ;
Board of Directors to -serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such . othsr
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Febru-
ary 14. 1902. «t 3 oVlcck p. m. 1
H. W. THOMAS. Pocrotary.
ADOPTION. ¦* , i
A GIRL baby, 1 to 2 years old, wanted for a
K«v)d home: a pood future is open for her.
EMILIE FUN'KE. 1416 8th Bt.. Alameda.
AfiENTS WANTED.
START a mail-order business — We tell how,
furnish catalogues, circulars, etc., and place
ads in 40 different magazines on credit; par- I
tlculars free. CHICAGO SPECIALTY CO.,
134 Van Burtr. St., Chicago. . - •
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
; able and easier to sell than books or insur-
*ncc? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
FOR every city in the State of California: pood
proposition for I the rlrht men. H. OBER- 1
MEYER; 35 New Montgomery st., room 25. !
TRAVELING salesman for Wyoming; side line
FARRANT Glove Mfg. Co.. 276-278 Valencia
St.. Fan Francisco. Cal.
BIG money for live agent. Monday, 10 a. m.,
735A Ellis Et.
ASTROLOGY^
I HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted; readings i
j by mail If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st. ¦
i ATTOKXKYS AT I,A\V.
I R. W 1 . KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections. :
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write. ;
ADVICE'free; divorces a specialty :quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, S50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W.. DAVIDSON. fl27 Market St.. opp. Ma*on.
ADVICE free: open every evening: low fees ;
all cases. J. M. THURBTOX, 819 Market.
L. 6. CLARK, Emma Spr*ckels bldg.^927~Mar^
kpt yt. : <-oni"iU»t<on fn»»: no f<»w» In ndvanr*.
BICYCLES For Salt? or Exchange.
ALLEN is eelling Eureka^ bicycles fastTsweTu
est thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
ers: repairing, bells, pump*. 301 Larkin st.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock, ~
cages, globes, aquariums: bird and animal
food of nil kinds. 154fiMarl;et st..bet.8th & 9th.
NURSE wishes children at lowest terms; large
sunny yard;phone; nr. school. 1607 California, j
GOOD home for two children: furnished room
for parent. 25 John st., off Powell.'
I BERKELEY — Good home for children; near i
school; $8 up. 2127 Prince St. ¦ ¦ i
J HOOKS — .NEW Alt- OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
Bl'SIKESS CUA.KCE8. -
A— SALOON; best part Mission St.; clearing
$200 month; $2500. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A — CANDY 6tore In the heart of town; very
cheap; $350. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St.
A — SALOON on Folsom et.; 10 years' lease;
well stocked; merchants' lunch; this Is a
chance; $1500. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
A — BAKERY and delicatessen store in Western
Addition; 4 living room*: sold on account ot
sickness; bargain. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
A — GROCERY and bar; old-established place
on Third st.; owner there 35 years; good rea-
Bon for selling; $1500. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A — OUTSIDE office man for business that will
pay$150-$200 month; fine opening for young
man with $350. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A— 22 LODGING-HOUSES for sale; from $800
up. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third et.
A— STATIONERY store; close to large school";
1 good corner; $1900. - ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A— RESTAURANT and oyster house on 4th st. :
doing good bug.; S-tOO. ROHLFS .CO.. 41 3d.
A— FIRST-CLASS bakery in Mission; this is a
good buy; $500. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
FOR the past SIX YEARS we have earned
" from 20 to 25 per c«nt monthly on invest-
. ments . placed with us, and will continue to
do so; our investment Is safe, sure and con-
servative; dividends paid weekly; invest-
ments can be withdrawn without notice; par-
ticulars on application. Co-operative Invest-
ment Assn. (Inc.), New York. Room 557.
Parrott building, San Francisco.
AN. able, experienced attorney.: highly in".
, dorsed locally, seeks clients upon a plan of a
very low annual ' fee, covering advice, draw-
ing of all papers and services in ; all t legal
matters; special strong inducements and an
original proposition made to all businessmen
granting an Interview. Box 3833, 1 Call office.
J/OnGlXfi HOliSRS FOR SALE— Con.
A—r ¦ ; SPECIAL NOTICE.
A.. H. RETSLOFF & CO.,
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO., p . v " <¦
Reliable Agents.
¦ ¦ Reliable Agents.
-• ' 906 Market street. / •; -
.906 Market street.
Corner Ellis street.
Corner Ellis street. ' :
' . • . Phone John 531.
Phone John oiTl.
> . Money to loan. . •
. - .-¦ r , :- Money to loan. ; -
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS THIS .WEEK.'
We offer any of the following on easy terms.
Read the following list carefully, mark what
seems to please. you and call soon. • ' l .'» -.
All information and advice free of charge.
¦'.'., , No trouble to . show , houses. , :
.Horse and buggy . at disposal of customer.
Call — We have many . others not advertised.
<-room flat; Ellis at. ; only $500
150 rooms; % interest for sale £000
'65 rooms; Market st. ; clears $300. ..... 4000
14 rooms; Geary st.: clears $00.. ....1400
10 rooms; mortgaged; make offer..
• 70 rms.; elegant; long lease; clears $400. 8000
10 rooms; .selling on account of death.. 400
20 rooms; clears J125; payments... ...... 1000
25 rooms; clears $140; only. 1350
16 rooms; Eddy st. ; reduced to.. .900
5 rooms; flat; bargain. .... 200
22 rooms; 3d st.; clears S100; payments. 700'
"10 rooms; Jones st. corner; onjy. ....... -275
7 rooms; 1 bargain; easy terms 300
# C8 rooms?; corner; clears $400. •. 3500
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $00 450
13 rooms ; very good ; ¦ rent .«50 .......... 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.: phone John 531.
906 Market St., cor.- ElHs, room 12.
A— McDANIEL, SKIRM & CO., ", .'.-¦•
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
Following only a few of our bargains:
.14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
j location; on Market st.; only $1700.
Ji rooms; elegant corner on'Geary; select
roomers only: modern building; must sell.
22 rooms: Howard; rent $52 50; only $800.
Money loaned at lowest rates. ; • i
WINSTON & WOLF ': ....... . . .....;
1026 Market st : ;1O2O Market ?st.
(Photograph Galley Entrance.) '
. 20 rooms,. rent $f.O; must sell.... $1100
20 rooms, rent $65; good location :. 050
26 rooms, rent S75; near Sutter st....... 1700
2» rooms, rent *"5; offices; good 3400
40 rooms, rent $75: see this 1700
¦ We Have Many More Such Bargains.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. ¦ ' '
8otl 1 'Market Et. .. .(Inc.):. ..Phone Davis SSli
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and ,
Loan money at lowest rates.'
• Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO., ¦¦• ' ' - - ' • ' .
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22," 23. Phcne Bush «28. •
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to' sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you;\have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market; phone Red 3433.
Buyers for lodgflng-houses; call and see our
large list, from saoo to $6000; fair and hon-
fst trade: sellers, list your houses with ua
for quick sale. .
ADAMS & CO., 1035 Market St.— Roomlng-
house-s, all sizes and prices; • business
chances, chicken ranches, country property;
houses, lots; sell or trade; square dealing.
A — NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
$475 — NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and
•bath: must sell this week. 439 Parrott I
building. M. TURMAN & CO.
FOR SALE — Lodging-house; 8 large sunny
front rooms; very desirable home. 1100 Van
Ness ave., corner Geary.
SPIRITUALISM. *•
_~~ ™ -- — — ~
Be sure and read of Ismar's warning to one
of her patrons on page 18 to-day.
A — C. V: MILLER, world's famous materlallz- ]
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl., Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader: medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1104 O'Farrell st. : Ellis car.
EDWARD EARLE, H2S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium. 1610
_ Clay st.; circle .to-night: consultation; ,flaily.-
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-nleht: 10c.
- •¦ ' Hi
CLAIRVO YAXTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, ' - ~
¦¦¦r,i. THE FAMOUS '•' " ;
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium .and you will be told how to overcom*
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE.. in? well-known tranc*
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by, mail; 6end stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyantitelis past
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee' 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody
open Sundays; hours. 10 to S p. m. 215% 6th. ;
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant ani
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a m
to 5 p. tn. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
DON'T fall to read of Ismar's warning to on?
of her patrons on Page 18 to-day.
A— MISS M. WILLE, -326A Ellis; clairvoyant.
crystal eeer; reads your life correctly without
_ qu "-' fuU nameg : 80c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p.m.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clalrvoyant~and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 50e.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladles
2oc; gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la~25c~-
gents 00c. 051 Mfssion, nr.eth; open Sundays.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future. L. 25c; G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstalrj.
BOc. $-1 — Prof. Wcller. clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader ;mall orders;stamp for clrc. IOO714 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234% Sixth st.
MRS. MEI^VII^L. well-known clairvoyant,' water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 15(W
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortun* teller 1
ha « removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: narocw jrlven: 25o up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPEJT HEATINO 'AKD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work'
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-tH-atlnir Works— Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th St.: tel. Capp 2542.^
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating- works: prices
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th Bt : tel. Mission 74.
_^^COLLECT1ON OFFICES. \
COLUMBIAN Law. and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 916 Market st; advice free. Tel. Bu»h
194; able body of attorneys.; ¦ „ '
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room* 310. 027 Market St..
attachments and collections. R.W. Kins-
attorney, Examiner building, 6th floor..
;V ; : .y. vCO'ri'AGKjl TO LIST.
TEHAMA, 3 and 11,; near First — Cottage of 6
¦rooms and. flat of. 4 rooms; business location:
¦ rent low. ' • \ , • , .: ,
COTTAGE containing 5 rooms;. bath, yard
_etc.__30S JPrecita ave., off Folsom st.
JONES, 2052-^Cottage, 4 rooms^and~bath ; . hot
¦ and cold water; rent $15 per month. . • :
_,__DEiyTlST».".
A— DR. T. S. HIG(3IN's:F2T Market 'sTf Ernma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gild .fillings. ]$1, 50; othff
¦ fillings, si ; • gold and porcelain crowns $5
¦ ¦ up; . plates, a full • set of teeth ;that look
, • natural rand guaranteed, $5 up.' " kts'
. i Painless ; extraction. . '. .'".'.'
¦•....¦ ..I. do. first-class work only and guarantee. It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns.\ plates, bridges
".and fillings; extractions >or,. fillings '¦¦ by .my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'-
. experience: no students; advice. free; prices
r cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR..qEORGEW; ; LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ; .
ELECTRO-DENTAL" CLINIC. 809: Market.' cor
,, 4th. rm., 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our special ty:gcld
- crowns. $3 SO up; plates, extractions fre* $4 50
. up; -office hours. 0 a. m. to 9 p: m. ; Sundays
,9 to 2.JJ.-W; THATCHER., P.P. S.; Manager!
A NEW-; plate— The i Whalebone-^-cannot break :
..warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 5d:n!llngs.50c;
.plates $5. full set; all work painless and war.
. ranted. -Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, li> SJ..
For Additional Classified Adveruse-
meats See Page Thirty-Four.
33
! HK.VL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
i EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. . 63S MARKET STREET.
TUESDAY , ty.^/.^February 25. 1902.
At Our Salesroom. No. 63S Market St..
At 12 O'clock Noon. '
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS MANSION.
East sldo (214) Spruce St.. ttf^/i feet north
of Clay; an elegant new modern residence 14
rooms and bath; unexcelled marine view; rents
?80 per month; lot. 30x107:6 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 40U-409&) Oak St., 60 feet
west of Laguna; two elegant modern round bay-
window flats 6-7 rooms, porcelain tubs. etc..
and two flats, 4 rooms and bath each, on Lily
ave. ; rents $l65 r.er month; lot 27:6xl2a through
to Lily ave.
POST STREET FLATS.
' -TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
North side (No. 2544) Post St., 175 feet west
of Baker; two substantial well built- flats 3
rooms each and a rear house, 4 rooms: rents
$33 per month :\\o\. 25x137:6 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. '
South side (No. 3333) Washington St.. 68:9
feet east of Walnut; fine large elegant two-
story dwelling. 10 rooms and bath; hardwood
floors: fine conservatory etc.; excellent marina
view; lot 34:4^x127 :8Y* feet.
SECOND STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Southwest corner of Second st. and Park
Lane north and between Bryant and Brannan
sts.; Improvements consist of a' two-story
frame building, 13 rooms and bath: basement
and brick foundation; large lot. 45:6x98 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest side (Nos. 124 to 126) Juniper St.,
250 feet southeast of Harrison; four well-built
flats. 3- rooms each; rents $40 per month; lot
25x85 feet. ,.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
• Southeast corner of Twenty -eighth and
Church sts. ; two stores with 4 living rooms and
flat above. 8 rooms and bath: rents $50 per
month; lot 26:0x75 feet. •
. FILLMORE STREET BUIL0INQ LOT.
East line of Flllmore st.. 24 feet south of
Waller; a desirable building lot, sultabl* for
store and fiats; lot 21x81:3 feet.
HOWARD STREET LOT.
East side of Howard St.. 215 feet north of
Twenty-first: a fine large lot in a very desira-
ble neighborhood; street work all done; lot 25
xl22:6 feet.
BAY VIEW HOMESTEAD LOTS
Four large lots on Vancouver and Guafla-
loupe sts . 160 feet north of > San tee: four largs
lots running through from Vancouver to Guad-
aloupe ; lots 75x100 4 feet each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & k CO..^
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..^
$55.000 — Elegant corner on one of the best
business blocks on Hayes St., near
Market st.: imDroved with stores,
flats, etc.: In fine condition; present
low rentals pay over $3600 per an-
num; could be further Increased;
grand corner lot: 3 frontages; 82:6x
120 feet.
$14,500— Three elegant flats of 6-6-7 rooms and
bath; Just completed: all latest mod-
ern Improvements: elegant fixtures;
up-to-date plumblnz: substantially
built; near Buchanan and California
sts.; rented to exceptionally fine ten-
ants for $1500 per annum; lot 25x
137:6 feet.
$12.000— Webster rt.. near Sutter: 4 modern
houses of 7 rooms and bath: In Al
condition: rents for $1440 per annum;
can be Increased; elesant key lot, 66:8
xlOO feet.
$11,500— 16th st., between Mission and Valen-
cia; 2 stores .with living-rooms and
house, 12 rooms, 2 baths; rents $1130
per annum; lot 30x97:6 feet.
$10,000 — Make offer: well Improved property,
on level part of Fell st., running
through to Ivy ave.: only a few
blocks from Market St.; rents $900 per
annum; lot 27:6x120 feet.
$6,500 — Three modern flats, ud to date la all
details; sanitary plumbing; porcelain
tubs; handsome mantels, etc.; near
" 24th and Sanchez; always rented;
pays $750 per annum; lot 26x80 feet.
$6,000 — Modern residence of 8 rooms and bath;
north side of -Sacramento st., near
Steiner: lot 26x103 feet.
$3,500 — Filbert St., near Hyde; house of 6
rooms and bath; well built: brick
foundation, etc.; lot 22:6x137:6 feet.
$3,000 — Swell Richmond cottage on 4th ava..
;. near Clement: 5 rooms and bath: at-
tic at a small expense could be fin-
ished Off; lot 25x120.
$1,150 — Cottage 4 rooms and bath; 10th av«.,
near L st.; sewered and macadamized;
X'f'iC'-} lot 25x120. feet.
LOTS. LOTS. ' LOTS.
$12,000 — 6th, near Harrison: 60x165 feet to
Morris ave.: 4 flata In rear of lot;
rents $3S aer month.
$8,000— West line .of Devisadero St., near Ful-
ton; lot 55x137:6 feet.
$5.500 — Northwest corner Sacramento St.: 37:6
xlO2:8% feet.
$4,500 — 5th, near Folsom; old improvements;
25x100 feet. < '
$3,900— Corner on Page st.. near Park; 25x
93:9 feet.
$3,000 — Northeast corner of San Jose ave. and
29th st.: lot 26:8tixll7 feet; transfer
' corner.
$2,7W> — North aide of HalgrhC near Masonic;
25x137:6 feet.
$2,600— Masonic, near Page st.: 25x03:9 feet
$2,500— Page, near Clayton; 25x137:6 feet.
$2,500 — 7th, near Bryant: 25x85 feet.
$2,500 — Waller, near Masonic: 25x125 feet.
$1,900 — Devisadero, near "Waller; 25x125 feet.
$1.300 — Bryant, near 25thf 27:8x100 feet.
$1.250 — 22d, near Florida; 25x104 feet.
$050— Golden Gate ave., near Masonic; 23
xlOO feet.
$900— York, near 25th; 27:8x100 feet,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
_^ 638 Market at.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
27:6x137:6— N. line. Turk, near Taylor.
$16.000— Vallejo St.. near Mason; - 38:3%x
136:0 with L 39:2%x76:6; 6 front and 11 rear
flats: rents $150.
$8250 — Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear st.;
house of 9 rooms and 2 rear flats; rents $64.
$7500— Cor. 20th and Dolores; 77:6x105; old
improvements.
- $8250 — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x95; 3 fiats:
rents $67.
$675# — Green, nr. Dupont: 20x137:6: new 3-
story building and rear house; rents $66.
$5000 — Union place, u^ar Green St.; 20x58.9;
2 houses: rent $41.
$5000 — Leavenworth, near Union; 25x112:6;
3 new flats; rent $53.
$4750 — Mason, near Sacramento; flats; rents
$41 50.
¦ $450O-^-Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30x63;
2 houses; rents $31.
$4230— Fell, near Devisadero; 25x137:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED. -
• $17.000 — Sansome. nr. Green: 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster; 3 lots; each 25x
137:6. .
Cor. Buchanan and Pine; 55x81:3; 2 lots.
$8000— Green, near Polk; 80x115.
$5500— Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10x137.6.
$5250— Corner Jackson and Locust > 37:6x
102:8%.
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement st. ; 200
xl^O.
$3500 — Fulton St., near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos ; 48:6x100.
$3000— Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100; key lot.
$2150— Union St.. near Webster; 34:4%x
1S7:6. _
$2000— Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51 :Sxll4.
$1000 — Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105.
. $85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. '
v "We . offer choicest lots . at lowest prices.
Don't delay! We can posltvely suit you.
$100 to $400— Ocean Boulevard lots; graded
and fenced ; $5 monthly.
'$500 to $1100 — Choicest Sunset lots; all
graded;, splendid demand; wonderful Improve-
ments; $10 monthly.
Sunset Branch Office, Ninth ave., near H_st
$400 to $800 — Unexcelled Richmond building 1
lojs; $10 monthly. ¦
$100 to $250— Level building lots near Mls-
iiion-st. electric cars; perfect bargains; inspect
them and you will admit It; $5 monthly.
$1000. $1500 to $2500 — Modern cottages; all
bargains; choice locations; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
- Room 54, Chronicle building.
, J ' \ •:_ ¦
ONLY $3500; : Y* cash, balance mortgage at 6
• per cent; 2-story bay-window house; lot 26x
125; hrlck foundation: O rooms, bath, base-
ment, washhouse, garden; nicely located, 2%
block? west of Valencia;, open for Inspection
between 1 and 4 p. m., at 108 Chattanooga;
take Mission. Valencia or Kearny transfer at
22d st. ; cars bring you In front of house.
FOR SALE — As a whole or In subdivisions, 50-
vara lot, south line Union st.; 137:6 feet east
- of Plercfe. Lot, - northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.. 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
¦ 324 Montgomery st. - ...
$5600-^SACRD7ICE; nice fiats; Mission warm
jr. belt; choice location.: Owner, box 3857, Call.
BARGAIN — Cottage, . 5 rooms ; - modern !m>
¦ provements: easy terms. Inquire corner Ala-
bama and Montcalm sts.
REAL , \'ESTAT&^iTY---F6R'^ SALE: j
BALDWIN .'& '. HOWELL,
¦ : - 10 Montgomery st.
$20,000— Rents *i*o- •?*?* "» . «•- cent net; new
$31,000— Facing" Union Square; bound to en-
hancer fully improved. .
$55,000— "Speculative" chance for profit; cor-
ner vicinity of Geary and. Powell;
: ; ' brick buildlne.. . . ¦ . •
.SUNNY; CORNER RESIDENCE.
$13,500— Vallejo St., corner Lasuna; price re-
duced to make Immediate sale; resi-
dence of 15 rooms, bath, heater, etc. :
lot 28:0x107:6.
". $6500— RENTS $600 PER ANNUM. '
$6,500— Russ St., near Howard and Sixth; lot
30x100; house of 18 rooms, 2 baths.
$7000— RENTS $82 50 PER^ MO _ N J H / rnTT1 -
$7,000— Montgomery St.; lot 67:6xl3«:b. frame
building, in flats; rents $82 oO per
- . month; a splendid buy. /
$11,750— RENTS $97 50 PER MONTH. .
$11.750— Howard st.. near Nineteenth; -3 new
up-to-date flats of 7 and 8 rooms and
bath each; lot 33:6x70.
SUTTER-ST. INVESTMENT. v '
$25,000— Sutter st.. near Jones; -frame bulld-
- ings; rents $92 50 per month; large
lot; this Is a choice property.
' CHEAP HOME ON TERMS.
$2,300— Only small amount cash, balance easy
payments; cottage. 5 rooma and cam,
. tiled mantels, etc.: 26th st., near
Castro. .*
$4150— RENTS $38. " '
$4,150— Brick building of 4 separate flats on
Tehama st., near 1st; always rented.
STOCKTON ST., .NEAR PACIFIC.
' $7,000— Two-story, and basement brick build-
ing; rente ?G5 per month; lot 29x69. ~
¦; ¦¦.¦"¦' BUSH ST., NEAR LARKIN.
SPLENDID INSIDE LOCATION.
$7,250— Larg» house of 14 : rooms, bath, con-
servatory, etc.; can be easily convert-
* ed into 3 flats: lot 30x137:6.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$12,500— Rents £102 50 per month; two sep-
arate houses and 2 flats of 5 and 0 rooms and
bath each; large lot. 55x137:6; near Scott and
Eddy. • ¦
SUNSET LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW. PARK ENTRANCE.
On the H-st. electric car and fronting Golden
Gate Park and the new Nlne-
•teenth-ave. Boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grades: macad-
plank sidewalks; gas and water ser-
vice. Money advanced for building purposes.
Call at once at our branch office, open
week days, Sundays and holidays, cor-
ner H st. and 9th ave., south of Gold-
men Gate Park, and ask to be shown
¦) these beautiful lots. Full particu-
lars and price lists at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery, st.
115 LOTS. ' — I 15 LOTS.
AT THE POTRERO.
Prices
$250 ; and Upwards.
¦ ' Monthly Payments if You Prefer.
Near Unloi and Rlsdon Iron Works— Tubbs
Cordage Factory— Sugar Refinery and lands
purchased by Santa Fe Railroad, located on
Twenty-third. Missouri, Texas. Mississippi,
Indiana and Minnesota sts. ¦
Buy before prices are raised.
Take Third-st. cars, get off at Kentucky and
Twenty-third sts.
' ¦-. - . ' ' I ' '
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
.;¦-.'¦ 10 . Montgomery Bt.
. • ' - - '¦ : - CENTER & SPADER,
Real Estate Agents — Rent Collectors,
11 Montgomery St., Lick House Block.
$21,000— Choice business corner on- Halght
st.; flats and store; well rented; large lot 30x
: 105. Particulars at office. - .
' $11,000— Rents $85; choice investment on
Post st. near Jones. Particulars at office.
$16 500— Rents $160; Brannan St., near Third:
2 frontages; well Improved; streets paved and
accepted; lot 46x197; very cheap.
$4000 — Rents $44; 4 flats of 4 and 5 rooms;
lot 25x124:3; 2 frontages; Harrison st., near
Eighteenth. . ¦ _
$20,000 — Eddy st., near Van Ness ave.; 3
modern flats, 9 rooms each; elegantly finished;
renting for $170; 27:6x120. \
Two bay-window flats, 5 and 6 rooms; rent
$31; lot 25x117 to rear street; only $3500.
$2800— Rent $30; 4 flats on Rltch st.. near
Folsom; 25x75; owner must sell.
$15.000 — Snap; reduced from $17,000 to mako
immediate sale; choice lot on Eleventh St., near
Harrison : ,2 frontages ; 100x185.
$2500 — Two-story house, 2 tenements, 7 rooms
each; renting for $22; Rondell place, oft Six-
teenth st.; this is cheap property.
$55,000— Choice northwest corner on Golden
Gate ave.; well Improved; rented for $310 per
month: large lot 87:6x95. -
$3750 — Bush St., near Broderick; lot S7:6x
137:6; old Improvements; street accepted.
$10,000 — Fulton St.; .near Devisadero; 2 hand-
some up-to-date flats of 8 rooms each; rents
$85: lot 30x137:6.
$1750 — Hayes St., • near Masonic ave. ; choice
lot, 25x137:6; -very cheap. '. . '
$1200 — Half block in the University Tract;
200x240; must be sold.
$600— Large lot, 50x175; fronting on Corbett
road and Falcon ave.; accessible to cars; level
and ready to build on.
$300 — Lots 25x110 in College Homestead; a
few steps from Misslon-st. cars. . ¦
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery street.
$3,000— Mission, near 26th; 25x78. and* good j
two-story building, with store and 3
rooms below and flat- of 9 rooms and
bath above; right at the transfer cor-
ner: house alone cost $4500; a deelded
bargain. . ' ¦ . '
$23,000— Hyde, near Geary; 50x87}$; Just, the
place for apartment house or hotel;
present Improvements rent for about
$120. ¦' '
$6.500 — Whole ,50-vaxa lot. 137%xl37%; NE.
' cor. Lombard and Buchanan; street
' bituminized and accepted; lot on
grade. •
$2,500— Very cheap lot; Scott, west side, be-
- tween Hayes and Fell; only one block
from Alamo square; street- accepted;
' size 25x100.
$24,000 — Rents $155 per month: good . imprc ve-
ment; choice business corner; S6x8O;
best business street in the Mission.
$12,000 — Rents $1320. "per annum ; a first-class
investment; 'pays 10 per cent net; 3
new modern flats, 6, 6, 7 rooms and
bath each In the heart of the city.
$13,000 — Rents $1320 per annum; marine view;
flats of, 6 7 and 9 rooms and bath
each; new, modern, up to date;
kitchen in the middle of the house •
dining-room finished .'in . quartered
' oak; hardwood floors: these rents can
be increased to $130 per month.
$45,000 — Grand piece of inside property; 2 cor-
ners and 3 frontages; over 250 feet of
. ¦ frontages; - good .building; renting
about. 5250 1 per month; a choice in-
¦ . i vestJient. V.. .. .,
JOSEPH ! STRAUB.
... . 850 Market St., corner Stockton.
• Telephone Grant 177..
Real Esfctate Agent. .
. • Property bought and sold.
Rents collected.
$2,000 cash, balance easy terms; a very
good income producing property of 12
l flats and residence of . 9 rooms; stable;
chicken yard; lot in rear to build on;
rent $2500 per annum.
$10,000 — Bay-window home of 3 modern flats;
rent ?1000 per annum; lot 27:6x90;
worth $12,000; on Scott st., near Geary.
$3,000— New modern 2-story and basement
house; stable; garden In front on
Ellis st., near Scott.
$1,000 cash — Two-story bay-window house of
¦ — rooms; bath; basement; wash house;
garden in rear and front; 'lot 26x125;
price $3500; balance on easy terms;
this is a good opportunity for any one.
West ; Berkeley— Corner lot on Bancroft way
¦ and • Seventh st. ' ¦
Fourth St.. between Channing- and
• -' -Bancroft way; sewered: sidewalk; lot!
• : 52x1-15; $500. : ,
Lots 22 and 23. Raymond Tract, Bancroft way
m and Eighth St.; 100x100; $C00.. ' ,
Lot 22, Mitchell St., near San Pablo ave.; 50
,, xlOO; $600. ;
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished;
. ¦ patent closet; lot 126x300; $2C0.
Fair Oaks, Stockton — Lots 22 and 23, block 52,
¦•I 50x100; price $250.
Napa— Ranch of 5 acres, new house of 8 rooms;
— horse, buggy, cow, chickens; new
'.windmill: running water;, price $3500;
- .¦:¦¦¦- or rent $200 per annum. » -¦ - , ¦
JOSEPH STRAUB. "¦.-... i "
. . : 850 Market st.. corner Stockton.
'*¦.':• iv Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Acent. .'
. . ,-..,.¦ Property bought, and sold.
. ¦ Rents collected. , .-¦ ' >
JACOB HEYMAN , CO., y:
- 117 Sutter st.
THE' RENT -YOU PAY -,,• -
, , .WILL BUY A HOME ' ' .
'¦ ' ' '¦ ' ". ON THE. HEYMAN' TRACT.
Our plan Is ; simple. -We s?ll you a new,
modern. ¦ cozy cottage for . the same monthly
payments ' that you now waste i in rent. . Look
at our 5 and 0 cottages on the Hey man Tract.'
23d . St.. bet. • Douglass and .. Hoffman: ¦ and Al-
varado bet. the same streets. •. Mr. . Cotter, 113
Hoffman - ave.. '• will . show them ¦ to you.
Cheap new. 6-room cottage, opposite terminus
of Valencia, and' one block from - Mission st. ;
ea5y terms. '- >• . =- " -' -
j Park lots— 25x120, $100; $5 down and $1 per
month; well; located; a fine investment.
Elmhurst— 25x115; $50 down, $2 per month;
facing railroad; : flfteen sold, last week.
Lots in air parts of the city. . Interview us.'
¦ For rent — Two-story, house on the . boulevard.
Ocean Beach,^ 2 blocks from ¦ cars. • ¦'-• ¦.-••*; --
¦-;¦¦' :f; ¦¦'•;' JACOB HEYMAN CO., v ¦
¦'¦:¦:'•- --, r V ', >-'. : ;- '117- Sutter St.'./
FOR SALE— An elegant i cottage, just com-
pleted. on. the north side of . Seventeenth st.Y
' near Stanyari; overlooking Golden Gate Park;'
- "sheltered v from \ wind and -fog; 7. rooms and
¦bath; all modern plumbing; back 'of sink and,
' stove tiled ; blrdseye maple mantel : reception
¦ hall . finished '. in s natural ' oak; ¦ brick f ounda-
." tlon • and -cement sidewalk; .all 'connections
-made with street 'mains;; open; for inspection
"at, all "times.' Apply! Owner on premises. i
HELP WASTED—MALE Con.
WANTED — An experienced calendar and ad-
vertising salesman; only representative and
first-class men need apply. Thj Hayes Lith-
ographing Company, publishers of the Dia-
mond B Lithograph, advertising specialties,
Buffalo N. Y.
TRUSTWORTHY person each county to man-
ase business old-established house; bona-flde
weekly cash salary $18 paid each Wednesday
with all expenses frcm headquarters; money
edvanced for expenses. Manager. 338 Caxton
building. Chicago.
WANTED- Hustler; temporary position; no
canvassing; good pay. Address Globe. 723
Chestnut et.. Philadelphia, Pa, •
WANTED— Experienced silk and. dress goods
ralesnmn. Apply between S and 11 s. m. at
HALEJ3ROS.' ¦
WANTED— Flrst-cUss man In Oakland to pre-
eent « business proposition to bust nee* peo-
ple Ti-ith money; no books, oil stock or In-
surance, but a round proposition that Is a
nionej'-n—ker: extraordinary opportunity for
ruftlers. Address box 3644. Call office. Oak-
land.
WANTED— Recruits for, the marine corps. U .
p. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ares of 21 and 35: not
le?s than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply »t the Recruiting
Offlee. *a Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Young man of good address who
has had experience as floorwalker; state age
experience and salary expected. Box 383U
Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In demand-
enly requires 6 weeks; tools donated: cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
«35 Clay st. .
WANTED/ — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: eight
weekt; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— Solicitors for teas and coffees, with
a view to buy In the course of time if eatls-
factory. 203 Fourth st.
EXTRA pay now due V. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pencion atty.. 624 Market.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
BOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 6th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. 6. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of ;
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-poled while waiting; 25e
to 60c. 663 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sire men's shoes, ellghtly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Marl
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HORSES AXP WAGOXS.
A LOT of horses for sale , at Arcade Horss
Market. 327 Sixth et.: also buggies, wagons.
harness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — 2 bay mares. 6 years old, 15*4 hands
high: suitable for baker or milk team. 1715
Sacramento st.
FOR sale — A fine pair of matched black mares,
fi years eld, suitable for professional man. 2 I
Main st. ¦ j
EAN ROSA ealeyard — HorcM, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold; new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market et.. corner Eleventh.
Perch^ron stallion Blackwood, No. 21.006; also
4 mares. XV. B. Collier. 124 Sansome "W-
FOR sale — Fine roadrter <trotter>. $150: bar-
rain. 2125 Mission St.. bet. 17th and 18th.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for *aV cheap. 532 Mission.
HOCSKS TO LKT.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FIRST. 221— Basement 40x70 feet; high and
dry. with good light; key top floor. '- .
_ HOUSES TO LET — FtTRXISHED. _
MODERN S-room house; Pacific, near Central;
marine view and eun in «>very room; $85 a
month. Box 4053, Call office.
HOCSKS WANTED.
WANTED — A house; sunny; unfurnished; eight
to ten rooms; between Jones and Buchanan,
Sacramento and Broadway; family thres
adults. Address H. R. B., box S84S. Call.
HOUSES FOIl BALK.
MTf sunny house, 7 rooms; large basement;
yard: fine location; Portola. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Steiner. Geo. Moore, 63 Portola.
HYGIKXIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and g^ctlemes. this interests you—
Free consultation on oaJr and scalp treatment
by applying* to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 39. 139 Post st.. Llebes building.
LOST AXD FOU5TD.
LOST — On Eddy. Fillmore or Turk Et. cars, or
in the vicinity of Broadway and Vallejo Bt..
a lady'g open-faced gold watch; monogram E.
M. B. Liberal reward If returned to 292
Laurel ave.
GENTS' geld watch chain, with K. of H. em-
blera, Kentucky 407; on Mission.- bet. 9th and
10th. ED KEYT. 015 Jessie et.; reward.
THE3 party wh» took fox terrier dog. wearing
duplicate license 456, leave him go to avoid
trouble; he will come home.
PURSE containing ladies' watch, money, keys,
etc.: liberal reward. MATHEWS, California
Theater.
LOST— A Pass Book with the Hibernia Sav"
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MICHAEL KELIHER. No. 1C2.-
755. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A r>assbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of MARY E. WELLS; No. 25tt-342.
The finder will please return. to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of KATE McQUAID: No. 115-408. The
finder will please return to bank.
MATHIMOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 708 Ellis.
MATTHESSKS AM) PILLOWS. •
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized^ uphol-
fctery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st. ; tel. Bush 421. /
mkdicalT
LADIES — All who are elck or In trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all case* taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all cla&ses of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases-
all private diseases successfully treated-
blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days DR. O
TV. O'DONNELL. 101S Market et. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. 6WEET, graduate of Royal Unlver-
elty. Berlin, midwifery cases: takes ladies
before and during confinement; best care;
confinement $15: rm.. board, $5 irk.: Infants
adopted: will take 2 to work at my private
resid.. 606 Guerrero st, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D." WTETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
80 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell near Taylor
MRS. KOHL, •pectalist. 410 O'FarreW st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old efflee. 122S Market st.; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. ladles' physician!
private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed: formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; now 112 Mason.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
, method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
' MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience In 8.£K. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market St., opp. fourth.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladle* 1
specialist; a private home before and during
best medical care; low fees,
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
A\D MINING. * ~
GEO. D. CAMPBELLTiawyer?Examiner h\g~. 8.
F. : branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MiariXG AKD ASSAYING. \
FOR sale— Property cf the Live Oak Coneoll-
•dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada County, 15 miles north of Auburn: 2
patented claims, 8-<-tamp quartz mill, ditch
and "hoisting works; reasons for celling, non-
of mining by owners; mine open
for Inspection. Further particulars from A.
MEISTER. Sacramento. Cai. '
— FOR SALE.
ROILERR. engines. 2d-hand maehineryT"Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A— THOROUGHBRED hatching eggs and
fowls. Inglecide Poultry Yards, 807-Mouit
Vernon ave. Get off at Inglesid* Coursing-
Park.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— .FOB 8AL3B.
6HAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
., , ._ • 218-220 Montgomery st.
$14,000 — Devisadero St.. near Broadway; 2 new
- flats, just finished; 9, 11 rooms and
bath; very latest improvements; lot
26:3x110 ft.; rent $140.
$S00O — Leavenworth st., near Washington,]
fine two-story residence of 8 rooms and
bath: Jot 24x137:6 ft.
$5000— Market st., near Sanchez; fin* lot! ST>*
xllO ft.
$20.000-Jones st., near Turk; two frame resi-
dences of 10, 12 rooms and baths la-
come $120 per month: lot 80x32:8 ft.
$6000— Mission st.. near 16th: stor* and flat
above of 8 rooms and bath; In Al con-
dition; rents $540 p«r «TmriTn; lot 2SX
80 ft.
$6500— Vallejo st.. near Laguna; to* bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and
* - bath; very latest Improvements ; rents
for $42 CO; lot 22:6x107:8 feet.
¦ $8200 — Woodward ave., near Fourteenth st.1
three modern flats. 8, T rooms and
. bath; rents $73; lot 23x63 fsett fin*
Investment. >
$eSOO — Zoo st., between Third and Fourth.
Bryant and Brannan; frama tene-
ments; all rented; In Al condition;
pays $94 monthly or over 14 per cent;
one of tha best bargains offered south
of Market st.
$850— Twenty-first it., near Potrero ave-t •
lot 23x70 feet: all street work don«|
this price Is very much below market
values.
$21.000— Larkin st.. near Ot> Hall; tot BOtzSTiS
feet; cheap.
$20,000— Ellis st. north Une, near Taylor; two-
story house of 12 rooms and batni
rents $75; lot 25x137:8 feet.
$23.000 — Pacific ave., north line, near Octarta.;
residence 14 rooma and two baths; ma-
rine .view; cannot be taken away; lot
85x133 feet.
$7730— Flllmore st., near Sacramtnto; trans-
fer point; two-story house of S rooms
and bath: rents $50; lot 28x90:8 feet.
$12,000 — Polk-st. corner with Improvements;
store, flats and two houses; rents $73 J
lot 47:6x100 feet.
$7500 — Leavenworth st., near Broadway; four
2-story houses in good condition; rent*
$54; lot 80x80 feet.
$4500— Green st.. north Une. near Crrlsaderoi
84x137:8 feet; a choice bargain; ma-
rina rlew.
$3000— The cheapest and best building lot la
the Western Addition; north side CUy
» »t., near Lyon; 27:6x100 feet.
$12,500 — Income property: close to water front;
rents $97 50; pays 8 par cent net.
$6000 — Callfornla-st. residence of 10 rooms
and bath; rents $30; tenant pays
water; lot 24x100 feet.
$9200 — Northwest corner Sacramento st. I flata
7 and 8 rooms and bath each; latest
In every way; lot 87:6x57 feet; rents
$78.
$12.300— Grove st.. near Larkin; lot 30x120,
with fine building of store and two
upper floors; rents $43; on* block from
City Hall.
$11,500— Post st., sunny side, near Tatrkln; sub-
stantial 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath: rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to rear
street.
$2950— No. 3643 Twenty-first St., near Church:
modern artistic cottage of T rooms and
• bath; large lot. SO feet front by 114
feet; grand view of the city; a posltlv*
bargain: must be sold.
$6000 — Devisadero- st. flats, near Ellis; present
, rents $40; could be largely Increased If
a little money was spent on the build-
ing; lot 25x90 feet; lot aloa* worth
pries asked for tha property.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties)
for sale. / . > ,; : •,.%.--•;
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB A COU
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills bldf>
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & COi.
13S MontcoraezT ¦*-
$42,500— Third st., near* Mission; 8 front**** I
a magnificent Investment if properly
improved.
$40,000— Near Fremont and Mission sts; 45:10
xl37:6; old Improvements; paylns
$135: splendid price for a turn.
$25,000 — North side of California, st.1. lot lOOx
127:8%, with 4 very substantial build-
ings of 2 flats each; plans mad« for
alteration into .12 elegant modern
flats; paying over 1 per cent a month
net.
$25.000 — Tenth St.. cor. large lot; fine Improve-
ments; paying- over $200 per month.
$20.000 — Water front Investment; good Income;
sure to show rapid lncreaa* In value.
$15.000— Down-town flats; naw; $142.80 per
month; always rented. ¦
$13.000 — Near Geary and Hyde; splendid build-
ing to change Into flats which would
pay handsomely.
$9.750— Sacramento st. near Hyd*; B flats:
always rented; paying- close to 10 per
cent net; no better investment on' tha
market.
$6.000 — Golden Gat* ave.. north side, near
Central ave.; 8 nice flats t rent $30.
$8,000 — Bryant-st. corner; cheap to cloa* an
estate; store, flat and cottags; rent
$3T. ' \^0i
$24.000 — Beautiful modern -Paclflo Heights resl-
dene* of 1* rooms and 2 baths; N.W.
corner. "__._* ".. .«
$8,500 — Fillmore et., near Pag«; handaom* 13-
room residence; large lot; a snap.
$6.000— Beautiful 6-room cottage: Presidio
Heights; superb location; large lot;
easy terms.
$3 630— Hardy St.. near Seventeenth; fin*
7-room house; concrete basements
25x80.
$3,230— Comfortable 5 room cottac* oa Second
ave., near Point Lobos.
$7.500— Fell st.; beautiful northwest corner;
$4,500 — Webster St., near California! 80x100.
$4.5OO— 31-foot lot: Broadway, near Franklin.
$3,250 — Bush St., near Lacuna; 27&-foot lot;
fine for flats.
$3,200— Marine view lot; Cherry it, near
Jackson; 3f:10xll7 feet.
$2,000— Cheap; Presidio Heights; lot XBxlOa
BOARTOtAN BROTHERS tt OOl.
jj%Z?y£jZ 188 MoatiomMT m*.
WRIGHT & BWELL,
Real Estate and Financial Agent*
Loans. 'Insurance. 819 Montgomery et.
$6000— Lot 75x122:8: Folsom St., bet. 17th and
18th: very desirable.
$4500 — McAllister St.. west of Lyon; lot 73x
137:6; store. 2 flats and house In reexi
rents $40; a snap.
12180 House of 6 rooms and batn; modern,
sunny: near Union and Flllmore st.
' cars; easy terms.
83750— Lot on the corner of Vallejo and Plerc*
sts.: 35x100. - ¦_
S3500 — Pierce st., bet. Vallejo and Broad-way;
lots ready for buUdin*.
$10.000— Octavia st. near O-Farrell; lot 80x
110 ft, with fine modern house of 14
rooms and 2»baths: furnace; rents $75
per month: a fine buy.
$30.000 — Magnificent marine view dwelling on
Jackson st.. near Franklin: large lotu
In aristocratic neighborhood; thorough-
. ly built up and settled.
$20 000— Beautiful home on Buchanan tt. near
Broadway; lot 85x109; richly finished
In solid oak and Spanish cedar: sevea
large rooms and baths; marine view;
sun In every room of the house.
$30 000 — A beautiful Sutter st. residence, near
• Van Ness ave.
$50 000— N. side of Sutter it. east of Mason;
large lot. full depth; Improved.
$11 500— Dwelling house of 8 rooms and bath.
with servants' quarters; large lot: N.
side of Washington St.. near Webster.
$12 000 — Lot 65x127:8%;. on Paclflo ave.. east
of Baker st. '_,_.««- »
$7250— Shrader st, near Waller: 27:6x106; 2
9 flats renting for $65 per month.
H RenU S Collected and 'Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$11.000— Business property; Sacramento st.
near Dnimm; rent nominal; will rent well if
lm $ P S^Flats; Harrison St.. oposite Garfleld
square; a pretty Park; modern, sunny; 5 -and
86250^-Octavla St., near Broadway; modern
houseVirooms; fine bay view; good neighbor- ,
h( $U 500-Geary-st. Investment, near Octavla;
larga lot; improved; rented low; $938 per an-
num: lot worth the price: choice location for
m «^i I MMV^?ew flats- Brodertck. near Grove; 8.
6. 7 rooms; rents $1175 per annum.
tftfiAnu-JValenda-st. investment; two houses, 7
rwms^S An?- $45 P per month; lot 40x85; a
: ba $fu>£l-Lot on south side of Chestnut st.
S^sS^acadlm^^-^
Vi seooo^U.t°s"'lde of Jackson st. near Wal-
™^BOxl0O- near cars and Presidio.
° w AWK3 & BKELTON. 323 Montgomery St.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.... . . REAL ESTATE.
28 MontEomery St., room 11.
Renti collected; full charge taken of property.
««500— Very cheap property; lot 30x100; near
. '""^Sixteenth and Mission sts.
$18.500— Three very stylish new sunny flat*, S
?xo.uyv. rooma . choice location; rents $150.
S10 500— Good buy; store and flats: Larkin St..
¦* '^^ear Geary; rents $70.
•«m_ Fine 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
|M0^,t-Vnear 13th: rent $45.
•1B30 Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchea and
* 1TO Aivarado sts.: 26:8x105 feet.
HOUSES — SUNSET HEIGHTS — LOTS.
Installments: Eleventh ave., H and I sts., near
entrance Park music stand: cars pass Droperty.
A E BUCKINGHAM. 28 Montgomery, room
11»* Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
$9600 — FINE corner. Devisadero and Washing-
ton, with 10-room house; reduced from $11,-
250. '->^^00BJgBtgitKtMaBg^^lKKSf>^0>tm
$8750— Business property on First st. be-
tween Howard and Folsom sts. " ¦
$3000 — Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x
137:6; Sacramento, near First ave.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
507 California st.
FOR SALE— Con.
4 H. P. M&DERN gasoline engine $135
20 H. P. boiler and engine, complete... $300
30 H. P. boiler and engine, complete... $350
- 2 ||- **• boiler and engine.' complete. . .$150
_5 H. P. boiler and engine, complete... $128
H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale, formerly of
¦__ 616 Mission st.
A ~ -BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear et.
BAR fixtures: big stock; Installments; billiard
snd pool tables: easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
FOR sale — All half value on account of mov-
ing, let nrize Gordon setter and her cup. 4
mo. ; field spaniel and 4 puppies. 60S Post st.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
goods; money back If not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO., 209 Battery sU. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Desk: new: roll top; bargain; leav-
ing city. 137 Montgomery St., room 14; call
1 to 2 p. m. Monday. ' ; ' • .
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora.hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE fults. $10; drens pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
X-RAY outfit complete: $125 for 110 volt direct
current; cost $400. BACIGALUPI, 933 Market.
PRIVATE collection of Indian baskets; finest
in America: for sale. Box S860. Call office.
FOR sale — Blooded deer hound 4 mo. old; rea-
sonable. 242 Minna St.. upstairs.
FOR sale — Two good sewing machines cheap.
639*4 Natoma et., Sunday and evenings.
OLD violin; Italian model; sweet tone; $13. !
Plata Loan Office, 702 Kearny st. ¦ i
CHOTCE Buff Cochin bantams cheap. 2029 San :
Antonio ave.. Alameda.
NO. 6 Remington typewriter: nearly new; In
perfect order. Box 4068. Call office.
FOR sale — Tandem bicycle In good condition;
$20. K. H., box 3831. Call office. I
4 FRESH cows wlfh calves for sale. J. F.
PERLL Angel Island^
GAS engine. 1 horsepower, for sale. Shirt j
etore. 535 Valencia st.
Wai! paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhanglng. paint-
Ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel.Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine: !
good order; cqreplete: cheap, 1915 Mission. :
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried in atock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. '
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. .196 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale it. .____
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogb Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within 15 miles of city, box 3276, Call offlc*.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits.' Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton et. ; phone Bush 484.
WANTED— A nice buggy. BYRON MAUZY,
308-310-312 Post st
W ANTED — Billiard or combination table; com-
plete. BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
WANTED — A second-hand bar outfit: must be
cheap for cash. Box 3S37. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
WANTED— National Cash Register. 115 Ninth
street.
:l>ox&> io loax.
HERMAN~JdURPHY. WW Examiner building.
.- . .$4,500,000 at lowest rates
On nrst and second mortgages
Life Interests In estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided Interests In real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
..-. If You Need Money .-Tn..
: SEE HERMAN MURPHY. tiO3 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.),
$300,000 at 5Vj & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
' City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
! terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-*
' H ATT AX LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
; ANT AMOUNT AT B PER CENT.
First, Eecond and third mortgages
1 Undivided interest in real estate In probate.'.
Mortgages end legacies bought; no delay....
1 Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
.........24 Montgomery tt., room 3...
: MONEY TO LOAN.
$1,000,000 at Lowest Rates
', 1st, 2nd and 3rd Mortgages
Undivided interest in estates, insurance po'l-
cies. furniture or anything else
; PACIFIC LOAN CO., 646 Market st.
A.HT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
eecond and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Koom 16,
1st floor. Cht-nicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave. near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain '
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market «i-; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1S» Third.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market.room 613.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEMEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on pUno, furnltuie or
, household goods, without removal ;confldential.
QRMSBY.26 Montgomery st., opp. Lick House.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
i quick; lowest interest; easy terms ;no broker-
: age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confide n-
i tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
I ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000'; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
' S1O UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. 'Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
', Money loaned salaried people wjthout security.
I j HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
'¦ CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% OH furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, fl Eddy.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan: Indorsed paper dls-
, 1 counttd. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
OV furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
- { strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
I buy -ft. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
' ON salaries" without indorser; other proposl-
[ tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
! LOANS mon»y on salarv; no lndo'-ser: Eastern
: plan. WeBtern Loan Co.. SOT Ph»lan bldg.
; MOXE Y _^
i $1500 OR $2000 on gilt-edge property for 3 .
years. Box 3643, Call. Oakland. ¦_,
¦ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
a~ bargain" list of used pianos," all
: IN GOOD ORDER AND WARRANTED.
McXeU square $25
; Hallet & Davis square 35
Dunham square 500
Raven & Bacon square..- • eoo
; Mendelssohn square : 70
Symphony square 75
Arlon ..: square 75
. New York Piano Co.. square 75
; Hazelton square;.-. .- 100
Weber square... 115
Chlckerlng (2) .: square $110—116
; Decker Bros square 125
1 Rteinway 6quare I2ii
' Herz upright 100
Dunham upright 125
; Vote upright 150
Opera, rosewood case. upright 200
Speilmann, oak case '. 250
Byron Mauzy. mahogany case 300
Lester, mahogany case 300
• Sohmer. walnut case. $600 style 450
Stelnway Grand '- 460
Eohmer Grand ' 700
1 • ORGANS. .
Standard $25
'¦ Sterling • 35
Monarch • 75
Mason & Hamlin, $50— $76— end 100
Estey (2), $50 and ... . 100
Cecllian Piano Player.. ........ 2&n
', Fine New Pipe Organ 1000
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS^-
Second-hand upright, pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up. .
. Becond-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ . A
. SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Qiickering, Mason
& HamMn. Vase,. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on . a new , peerless . Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER- & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.: established 1850. -¦•, - -
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square - pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron walnut case/ almost . new, ¦ $275.'
. Bowers & Son. 23 5th st..' Ivers & Pond agts.
real* e 1st ate--cit y— -for ,?^ l^;
g~"h.""umbsen"&" co.T~~~ ~~ -.
14 montgomery st., -
. . - real estate.
$38,000 — Choice corner on Market st. ; old lm-
: provements; large lot; 25x165; irreg-
. ular. • . .- -
$35,000 — Rents $216 per month, which can easily
be increased; choice corner on McAUls-
. " ter st. ; 5 ¦ houses of , 8-10 rooms ahd
bath each ; in perfect order and stead-
ily rented: 82x100. .
$20,500 — Rents $145 per month; Polk st. corner;
a splendid three-story and basement
building; 30:6%x82:10... . -
$25,000 — Rents $150; : Washington" st., near Bu-
chanan,- north' side;. 2 elegant three-
' story bay-window, residences of* IS
, • rooms and < bath each; nicely located
and handsomely finished; 50x137:6.
$20,000— Rents $150 per month; Hayes st. busi-
ness property; new. building; consists
of store and 6 flats; 2 frontages; 25x
120. . ' ¦•-.'-. .
$16,000 — Rents $130 per month ; Octavla St.,
near Ellis; 3 new, handsome flats of 8-
7 rooms and bath each; elegantly fln-
' ished; 25x110. ' : " - ¦
$15,000 — Rents $120 per month; Pine St., near
Hyde; 3 substantial modern fiats of 7-8
rooms and bath each; rear cottage; 34x
137:6. ' ¦
$12,500 — Rents $55>per month; Mission st., near
6th ; substantial two-story and base-
•» ment frame building; 25x80. .
$10,000 — Rents $87 50 per month; Pine St., near
Fillmore; 3 modern bay-window flats
of 7-8 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc.; 25x100.-
$10,000— Rents $50 per month, which will read-
ily stand increase; corner on Mission
St., near 16th; a- good building of 2
stores and flat of 7 rooms, bay-win-
• dows, brick foundation; large lot, 30
feet front.
$8000— Rents $05 per month; Fell st., close
to Park Panhandle; 3 new bay-window
flats; nicely finished and steadily.
' rented.
$7500— Rents $56, which can be readily ln-
¦ creased; Hyde st.; 2 stores and flats;
* 31 feet front,
$7250— Rents $68 per month; Howard St.. near
12th; 3 bay-window flats of 7-6 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, etc.;
25x137. • • •
$6500 — Vallejo st.,. north side, near Octavla; a
two-story and basement
house of 7 rooms and bath; command-
Ing a fine marine view; 24:3x125.
$6500 — Rents $60 per month; Fell st. ; 3 houses
of 5-6 rooms and bath each; large lot,
27:6x120; 2 frontage*; this is a' good
buy. ¦ . ¦ . .
$5500— Rents $43 per month ; Devisadero st. ; 2
flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation etc.; must sell to close an
estate.
$4250 — Choice corner lot on Halght st. ; 25x
100. -
$3750 — Golden Gate ave., near Baker; new,
' cozy bay-window cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; 25x100.
$3600— Rents $26 per month, which is low;
Twenty-fifth st.; 2 desirable bay-win-
dow flats of 5 T 6 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation, etc.
$3100 — Rents $33 50 per > month; near 9th and
Mission sts. ; 3 desirable flats of 3-4
, ¦ rooms each; street paved and accepted
by the city; a bargain. .
$1750 each — Near Park Panhandle; 2 choice
building lots; offered at this low price
to affectv Immediate sale; 25x137:6
each.
Call or write for our Real i Estate Record
containing a list of properties for sale in all
parts' of the 'city.
¦Latest Pocket Map of San' Francisco 25c. "
i : G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
¦ 14 Montgomery st., !
Real Estate.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO., *
205 Montgomery st. Opp. Mills Building.
LAST DOWNTOWN SNAP
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK -
NORTH OF MARKET ST ..
$26,000— THREE BLOCKS FROM THE BALD-
WIN HOTEL SITE.
New modern building, 30 rooms and 4 baths,
etc.; cost over $16,000; land worth $17,500 (lot
on same street within 1^4 blocks sold recently
for $1100 a foot; present rents will pay for thft
property in 10 years; mortgage of $16,000. 0
per cent, can remain.
$1250 CASH '....INCOME $5S8-
PAYS ,28 PER CENT NET. -
Six flats, 3 rooms, near Sixth and Howard
sts.; pays $358 after paying taxes, insurance,
water and interest; price $4250.
SNAP — SOUTH OF MARKET ST.
$3500 — Rents $480; handsome 3-story and
basement bay-window building; substantially
built; brick foundation, concrete bulkhead; gooJ
i speculation. • ;
. AT A SACRIFICE.
$4250 — Modern residence, 7 rooms and por-
celain bath; high basement; on fine sunny key
lot, on north side of one of the best street* In
the Western Addition; lot 23*137:6 feet; 100 feet
from Ellls-st. cars. . •^?>'j g
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$12,000 — Fine large lot, 27:6x120 feet; 2 front-
ages; improved with 4 houses; on O'Farrell st;
5 minutes' walk from Market st.
r CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
: , $6000 — 2 well-built sunny flats of 6 and 6
rooms -and '.bath; on Scott St.; southern ex-
posure; light and sun in every room; rents $660.
UP TO DATE FLATS.;
i $10,750— .Rents $1225; 3 new flats, 7 rooms
and bath: marble steps: round bay-windows;
kitchen in the center; 27 feet frontage; cars
pass. ' .•
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO., -
206 Montgomery: st.. opp. Mills bldg.
MADISON & BURKE. ,«,„„.
(Established January. 1858.)
' real estate agents.
full'charge taken of property.
Removed to 30 Montgomery St., opposite Llcx
House.
$30.000— Pays 9 per cent net; corner; busi-
ness locality; elegant new building In two
stores and K flats: large lot.
$25 000— Gutter st..' Inside Polk: large lot
with double frontage; executor's sale; must be
sold. . . __•
Corner Thirteenth and Kisllng' sts., near
Fclsom; 50x73; two buildings; well rented;
$9000. . ' -
$5000— New house; Lake St., corner* of 8th
ave.; 60x72; 8 rooms; finished attic and base-
ment. . ___
$10 000 — O'Farrell St., near Polk; large house;
lot 22:11x120 to rear street.
Market-st gore lot, intersection of Ridley
st. 09 feet on Market; cheap buy; only $16,000. ,
•.3000 Corner 25th and Alabama: 50x100; a
good couiei to Improve.
$2500 Steiner. near Waller: a choice build-
in;? lot; cheap; 25x91:3.
12000— Broderick, near Oak; an elegnnt
building lot: near Park Panhandle.
$5000— San Jose ave., near Twenty- ninth
*t., fiats and store; rents $52; lot 36x81.
52000-^-Nic* cottage home on Nineteenth si.,
near Eureka; modern, 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75. ; . .'
Lots on Twentieth ave.. between Clement st.
and Point Lobos nve.: a choice line of lots.
S550 and ?600; can sell on easy terms If de-
£ re d ¦ MADISON & BURKE, •
30 Montgomery Bt.
BOVEE TOY & SONNTAG.
aU ' REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected, Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
$10 000— Lot and Improvements on Third st. 1 ,
near 'Bryant; lot 25x72 -¦ ¦ ¦
SGOOO Up-to-date residence on Sacramento
st near Presidio reservation, containing 8
rooms and bath;, can be had on terms.
$4000 Waller St.. near Golden Gate Park,
north side; lot 50x100 feet.
J6400 post st... near Pierce; modern pair of
flats containing 5 arid 6 rooms and bath; rent
?52 50 per month. ' ¦ ;
$6500 — Green st., near Gough; fine modern
0-room residence containing 9 rooms and' bath;
lot 25x137:6 feet. .: ' .-. .»
$3125 — Fine building lots on Franklin St.,
near Vallejo; lot. 25x110.
$1650— A neat little cottage on Hardy st.',
near Sixteenth; containing 3 rooms and bath;
rent $12 50 per/nonth. --
$.1000 — A snap: lot . on California St., near
Baker; -size 25x127:8%. ' ¦
$6500 — Fell st.. near : Buchanan: Improve-
ments consist of flats and residence; lot -27: 6x
120 feet; rents $60 per month.
$3500— Five-room cottage and lot 27x80 feet
on Oak st., close to Market: rent $19 per month.
$11.000 — Eddy st., near Laguna; 2 flats and
rear houses; lot 25:9x120 feet; rents $78 50 per
month. ' •
S8500 — Choice' northeast corner on Eddy St.,
near Flllmore ; . size 28x100 feet; consisting of
store and upper flat; rents $70 per month. -
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAG, 624 Market St.
LOTS! LOTS'.! ? ; '- . > LOTS!!!
$1600.... ....,to.... $2800
Block bounded, by
Folsom and Twentieth sts. and Treat ave.
y. v» : -' - EASY TERMS. -
% Cash, balance in 1 and 2 years.
-.-.. ¦-• 6 per. cent ; interest. " >
Most desirable and cheapest lots In* the Mis-
sion; all on -grade; streets sewered, curbed
bltumlnlzed and cement sidewalks ; Folsom-st'
cars pass the property; the only block left on
Folsom St., so don't miss this opportunity
select your lot to-day. . . ¦¦ ?_•
. CENTER A SPADER. 11 Montgomery st-
'$4900— NEW residence, 8 rooms and bath (5
- bedrooms), gas'and electric lights; furnace
heat; ¦¦ lot 25x114; unobstructed view of city
;• and bay.- 'Apply. Owner. 232 Liberty st. near
Twentieth and Dolores. . ; ¦
$2500— NORTH, side McAllister st.. near Baker-
- 25x100.' ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Monti
gomery st. ' . ~
MtSICA L I N STR UM BXTK — Con. _
AS notice has been served on us to vacate on
the first of March and as our new building
and Heine Hall Is not completed." we make
a cut on all our stock to save storage, etc. ;
rents $3 up; Installments $4 up. . -^;
1 Fisher upright; good :.'.. $»o
1 Sohmer upright 85
3 Steinway uprights $165 to 345
6 Heine uprights .....' 105 to 675
4 Chickering uprights 135 to 300
5 Haynes uprights 160 to 245
2 Conover uprights 230 to 245
¦ 1 Hallet & Davis upright...... 365
6 Sherwood* uprights 115 to 135
32 second hand uprights ' 36 to Ii5
. Agents wanted everywhere. Only f actorx
representation on the Pacific Coast. - HEINi,
PIANO CO.. Geary sti, opp. Union Square. •
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock, i
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.; San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A GOOD, reliable article for a reasonable prlc*
is what the people want and -Just what we
are offering; pianos for $25, $35, $50, $75,
$100 and almost any price up to $1000; our
leading pianos are Decker-Wissner-Baumels-
ter-Stoddard, and we have many others be-
. aides: payments to suit most any one. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
OUR pianos the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values best In the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY, Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
1 at the new music etore of The Wiley B. Allen
Co., 931 Market st. " -
AT auction prices, 37 pianos this week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand for storage and
advances. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market.
STANDARD make upright piano, cheap for
cash. Address box 3847, Call office.
PARTY sacrifices account death In family,
large new 3-pedal upright piano. 522 Eddy.
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered atsacrlflc^ILVMlLlON^SFloodJJl g.
BARGAIN great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S 22 Turk st., near Market—
Shonlnger, Schubert and Stelnway bargalna
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR~*vToiins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg.. 927 Market >t.; of-
fices with light, heat and Janitor. $15 to $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
STORE; Twenty-third and Guerrero; fixtures;
rooms; for drug or grocery store. '
SUNNY offices just below Kearny st. . $10;
also large store. Keys 636 Clay St.. room 1.
OIL. \,' r J-.
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes:
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Bealp st.
PAINTKRS AND DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; lowrateB; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE, G40 G. G. ave.; tel. Poik 1423.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening* tinting done. '
. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St. : tel. Red 3521.
Papering room. $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
"gonable. Painter. iW2 Stanyan- tel. Park IB.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. eT"peaRCE. scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13. The Vendome. 1104 Market
Bt. ; hours from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post St.. corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Tavlor *t.. b»t. f!»s-<r nr\<\ Pn«f ti»l 'Rl«<»k !W1
. personals:
ABOUT your hair— To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
edy is superior to all other tonics and restora-
tives. It is clean and healthful, is not gummy
or sticky; no grease, no stain; never fails.-
. Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our office.
385 Geary st.. The Star Remedy Co.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.'
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of paits free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market ,
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
CORNS, bunions, callouses and chilblains cured
, by Halpruner's Salve at 25c per box. For
sale by all druggists or send to Halpruner
Medical Manufacturing Co., 28 California St.,
San, Francisco. . .. * - -
BE wise and investigate— Mrs. Dr. Parlow's
advanced Foot Treatment: so-called incurable,
cases invited; all diseases of the feet cured.'
. The Parlow Foot Institute. 34 Kearny st.;
phone Red 2439. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap, Mgr. -.,
WEALTHY gentleman with beautiful home, '
excellent character and liberally disposed,
will marry for love and companionship. MR.
MORTON, room D, 404 Vine St., Cincinnati,
Ohio. j '
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c tj $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
. fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS, Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr.6th.
WIDOWER, age 56, American, with some
means, wishes to meet an American lady of
means with good disposition; no triflers; ob-
ject, matrimony. Address box 4015, Call.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
• chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
-rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth, Oakland.
THIS Is to certify that I, THEODOR S. HAN-
SEN, will not be responsible for any debts
Incurred by my wife, HAZEL C. HANSEN,
she having left my bed and board.
A — "WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
EXCELLENT shampoo for 50c; hair dried in 10
minutes with warm air; private room for
every customer. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
LIQUOR habit; new, safe, sure cure; can be
given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. 0. box 652, San Jose. Cal.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley, 1702 Market.
A school to learn halrdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway. ]
Marriage paper containing hundreds of "per-
sonal" . advs. of marriageable people, many
rich, mall free. J. W. Gunnels. Toledo, Ohio.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Meore,332O'Farrell;, send for circular.
ELECTRIC n«edle specialists: superfluous hair
.& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton.. 427 Sutter.
SUITS to order on installment for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., tailors. .115 Kearny st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable. rates; 10
years' experience. ¦ J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair- permanently removed by
electric needle. MRS. M. HARRIS, 426 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. &Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hatr to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 763
Valencia St., corner Nineteenth.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. . Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
bv electric needle. 968 gutter; tel.Larkln3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wfgs;
country orders. GQLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR~LAMOTTE'S FRENCH »CORN PAINT." the
beet corn cure: 25c. all druggists. .
I'HVSICIAXS AWP SlRGEOSsI
ABSOLUTELY FREE CONSULTATION— All
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
FORDEN. | No. 6 Turk st:. corner Mason., •
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1O2H4 Market st-> b*t. Sixth and Seventh.
| PROPERTY WANTED. ~~
OWNERS may find It to their advantage to Il3t
their properties with us. We are establish-
ing Eastern connections through which I we
expect to do considerable, business. . Tlie .
. AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST CO.
(Land Department). Hay wards building,' cor-'
ner California and Montgomery sts., San
Francisco. ¦ « - . ¦ , - ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ . v-
RUPTURE CURE^TREAT^N^'FREiT^*.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
. Market rt.. , rooms 5 and (i; new system:
special: notices. ., '
BAD tenants ejected for .$4; collections made;
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.,' 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10;- tel. •' 6580.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1902.
34
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ALAMEDA REAIj EST 4TJ?J__-_
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. -
<? Bargains In all parts of Alameda.
$1000 buys a good 5-room cottage; large lot.
$1500 buys a fine 5-room and bath, 2-story
house; large lot.' '• ' ¦
$1500 buys a great bargain; 5-room and bath
cottage; lot 45x150. , -.
$1400 buys cottage; taken under foreclosure;
lot 40x148. .
$1650 buys 6-room modern house; good loca-
tion; a &nap. — ¦ „._
$1000 buys a new colonial home; lot 40x100.
52450 buys 7-room cottage; lot 50x150. .
$2500 buys C-room 2-story house; compelled
to sell. " . • ' .
$2650 buys a nice cottage, 5 rooms and batn;
lot 70x125; foreclosure. - „.
*2.VX) buys 8-room 2-story house; lot 35x150.
$1250 buys a snap, 8 rooms and bath; lot 40
x207; windmill; carriage house, etc. .
$2850 buys a choice residence, 6 rooms and
bath; on best avenue.
$4500 buys a. very desirable home, 7 rooms
and bath. . . .
$5500 buys an Ideal residence, 8 rooms and
bath: large lot; Just completed." , ..
$P500 buys a beautiful 7-room colonial Home;
lot 50x150; sacrificed.
SEE OUR .BARGAINS. a,v
GET OUR PRICES.
CHEAP LOTS. BEST OF TERMS.
Great Chance to Purchase Cheap Homes.
Call or write
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.-
• 1500 Park st., Alameda. -
Office open. Sundays and evenings.
$2(550 — NEW complete cottage of 0 rooms; fine
location: ¦' everything first-class: lot 50x1^0;
*12<IO cash; terms. J. H. YOUNG. Builder.
1213 Park st. . .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
UEUKELEY REAL ,ESTATE.
ON~ALL PAVED^TREETST""
$525— Lot 50x135; east of Grove st; near
station. / ...
ifHSO-rLot 50x135; east of Grove st.; with
cheap house. _
$1200 — Corner lot; east of Shattuck; high
ground. \: __ ¦'¦
$1250— Nice lot; east of Shattuck; north or
Haste st. ' '¦
$1250 — Elegant west front lot on Benvenue;
high ground. , ,
$2SO0 — Elegant corner lot; very choice loca-
Fine south front lot; east or Dana
$2000— Fine 6-room cottage; rents $20;
new 2-story 6-room house; nice. /
$3500 — Nice 8-room house in fine location, r .
$3600— New 8-room house; nice location; best
for that price.
S4500— New 12-room house; close in. _
ijfa'fio— Elegant 9-room house; handsome
Er $5000^-Good 11-room house; south side; close
n ?G0OO— Very nice 9-room house' in strictly
choice location. , _. .„„,,,
$i50O— House of 12 rooms; nearly new south
fro*nt; choice location; cgj^:*^ front.
2129 Center St.,
Berkeley.
$5000-NEW house in the . H *" e «»" -^¦gifc?
rooms; bath, modern, windmill and ten*,
street all improved; lot 52x159; owner must
$5{W0^-Wen-built 10-room house on Channing
way; large rooms; best combination ngtures,
solid mahogany mantels: Spanish cedar stair-
way: rented $45 oer month. _„„.
- $2400— Modern IVi-story house, entirely new.
lot 40x134; f«»y improved; half Jjlock street-
car- would rent for $20; must be sold; only
$2400, $250 down, $25 a month; a snap for
ai $275^Lot on the hillside; 50x134; laBt chance
to secure a lot at low figures; terms reasonable;
apply at once: 3 blocks from car line.
$350 — Lot 40x135; street sewered; near school;
improvements going on all around.
$C50 — Lot 40x135; on Henry st. near depot;
a snap. MAY & MORTIMER,
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
545CO — NEARLY new and modern hoU3e, 7
rooms; porcelain bath; all late improvements;
lot 1 0x125; choice location, near Universiij.
with elegant furniture; all complete; half
caah to eult . ,
$2500 — New 2-story, 6 rooms and bathl l*>t
40x130. near Ashby station; $500 down, rest
in monthly payments.
$1500— Beautiful lot. 50x125, in Scenic Park
Tract.
$475— A bargain; lot 50x160, on Hillegass
avenue. • „„_,.,„
$1200 — At a sacrifice; large corner. 22ixl20
feet, with 5-room cottage, between Ashby
station and San Pablo ave.
ftOTHERMEL & MERRELL,
• 507 California st.
BIG bargain; new 8-room house; porcelain
bath, pantry, wooden mantel, tiled sink:
-large lot all fenced; one block to station and
streetcars, stores, school, church; large lot;
price $2000; terms $100 cash, balance to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH. 3278 Adeline St.,
Lorln Station.
Open Sundays. - ;
NEW 6-room house; lot 50x106; 2 blocks to
station; all modern an! up to date; school,
church' and electric cars; good location; all
fenced and- cross fenced; price $1900; terms
&1OO cash, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH. 3278 Adeline St. .• '
Lorln Station.
Open Sundays. ' ¦
NO 233— $1200; new 4-room house, fronting
w'est; $300 down, $10' 75 per month pays bal-
ance: a cozy home.
No. 243 — $3100; new 8-room house: lot 50x
135; all fenced; street. work done and side-
Walk laid; a banraln.
No. 216 — $1600; ti-room house; $200 cash, bal-
I ance like rent.
$1000 — Lot on Shattuck ave., 3 blocks from
Berkeley Station.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
¦ 2171 Shattuck ave.
Opposite First National Bank, Berkeley.
53750 — FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot BOx
156; near U. C. grounds and electric R. R.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate,
.' Berkeley Station.
$3300— THOROUGHLY well built house of 9
rooms; window shades; combination fixtures ;
corner lot; street work all done; cement side-
walk; only 2% blocks from ° station and 1
block from electric railroad.
JOS. J. MASON, .
A -:.y j Real Estate.
. , .. Berkeley Station.
FlfrE lot, 45x100, will be sold for $450 and'on
easy terms; close to Ashby station; former
price ?000. JAMES S. NAISMITH, 471
Twelfth fit.
SEND for book on "Homes." "WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway, or 11 Montgomery St., S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
, OFFICE— i!18 " BkOADWAYi
• OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
E. J. STEWART & CO.. . .
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
i | '¦*. ' ,'
I $700 — Fine corner Ibt on Telegraph ave.; BOx
: 113; snap; see It at once. ;
$700 — Cottage of four rooms; close In; street
• work all done; easy terms; discount for cash.
: $3500— Just completed in Linda Vista Ter-
• race, two-story house with seven rooms and
- bath; with all modern conveniences; complete
In every respnet; large lot, 40x120; fine view;
surroundings best in the city; one block -from
' electric cars; easy terms to right parties. •
\ $6000 — Berkeley home for sale; elegant new
. home of eleven rooms and bath ; large finished
attic; all modern improvements; stable ¦ and
carriage house; cement sidewalks; street work
¦ all completed; large lot 00x135; three blocks
from Berkeley station; ten minutes' walk from
; university building.
', $1000— New four-room , cottage with .bath;
street work all done; fine location; good neigh-
• borhood; close to car line; sunny. side of street;
, see this a,t once. - ¦' \ r-;\:~-
i $2250 — New modern 1% -story house . of six
r rooms and bath; just completed; north side of
• the street; lot 50x135 feet ;> three blocks from
j train; terms $250 down, balance $25 per month,
\ including interest; gee this at once.
. $4500— Elegant home' of nine rooms and bath;
r all modern improvements; an exceptionally fine
c location; being ¦• central and. near- high and
grammar schools and churches; built by present
- owner at a cost of $6000; just as good as new;
- must be sold; see this at once.
$32C0^-Pretty Colonial new modern house of
: 7 large rooms (just completed) ; curly | redwood
1 finish; open plumbing; porcelain bath and sink;
¦ stationary .washtubs; house beautifully tinted;
- lot 40 f eet . front ' above the street grade; nice,
sloping lawn; street work all done 'and stone
j walks laid ; tenant . ready to . take possession at
$30 per month rent; small family and rcspon-
- sible party; this 'is a very, desirable home . and
t excellent investment. : - , * v •¦
T , ' V'
I ' '¦ — — ' ' . " ¦
' ' '¦ ' ' ' ¦ /'
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
• .._... 1008 Broadway, -• Oakland.
• . $350 CASH. $10 monthly — Cozy and well-built
r ¦ cottage of 4 rooms and bath; fine high ba.se-
- . ment; brick: foundation; -good well of water;
• •; 2 ' lots BOxlOO; , all : picket fenced ; shed and
¦ chicken-house; some fruittrees and flowers;
! fine 8oil;"-ino fogs or cold winds; near •¦ fine
school. ; electric -¦ cars, town hall and neat
church; over .100 families located. in a short
. . time and growing fast; < adjoining, East Oak-
land ; price, all told. $900. • Call or send ' for
circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite Broadway
- etatlon, Oakland; carriage free. H.-Z. JONES,
owner- ¦ ¦
J. B. Castle, a wealthy resident of Hon-
olulu, arrived at the Palace yesterday
from the East, accompanied by his wife.
He sails for the islands on the 27th lnst.
Hervey Lindley. the well known lum-
berman of Klamathon, la here on a short
business trip. He has made his head-
Quarters at the Palace.
a? 1 ; H^ F^ ln o > '"sector of the United
States Mall Service at Los Angeles, is
among the arrivals at; the Occidental.
"J. Gilbert and Albert Stokes, well known
turfmen of New York, are among, the re-
cent arrivals at the Palace.
A. C. Eisten. a real estate man ot
Fresno, is among the arrivals at the
Grand.
George Klisingbury. a mining man of
Los Angeles, Is registered at the Grand.
Dr. W. G. Downing," a medical practi-
tioner of Sulsun, is a guest at the Grand.
Personals.
R. B. Mllroy of Seattle la at the Palace.
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan ia at the
Falace*
J. CT Ruddock, an attorney of Uklah. is
at the Grand.
¦t\ A. Cody, a resident of Ben Lomonl.
ik at the Grand. • -_
Judge "W. D. Tupper of Fresno is §'
guest at the California.
I. Dannenbaum, a merchant of Vallejo.
Is a guest at the Grand.
Louis Basch, a commission merchant of
Manila. Is at the Grand.
W. P. Thomas, the well known attor-
ney, of Ukiah, is at the Grand.
Albert Goodman, a diamond expert of
Nct/ York, is a guest at the Palace.
107 POWELL ST.*™ ELLIS £S£ 5056
Shanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.'
ROQMS^AI^ BO ARP^^oja**"^*.^
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CALIFORNIA, 2228— Nicely furnished rooms;
"good , board; couples or gents.
BUSH 2215— Two large sunny rooms with
board; first-class home cooking.
VAN NESS 51»— Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
CP.OCKER The, 915 Leavenworth— Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
EDDY, 628, The Irvingdale— Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 50 up.
JOHNSON The, 605 O'Farrell — Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA. 615 . Taylor— Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
ROOMS AXD DO^ R P'j^^ T .^;.^
WANTED— Suite of two rooms nn farolshed : > ""
ceptlng carpets;- In modern^ house; P^vate
family, with board: north of Market and east
of'FlIlmore. Address box 689. Call office. (
DRESSMAKER wishes room with or w l th °ut
board in respectable refined family; state
rent in answer. Box 3851, Call office.
ROOMS \VAXTKJO.
WANTED— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms by man
i and wife In- Mission, north of 22d. Address
C. V. M.. 215 Twenty-ninth st. -
>TAMME*ING OR STUTTERING
SCHOOL, 1538 Market St.: no cure no pay:
positive results; no failures.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell st3.: tel. Main 571-*.
GOLDEN V.EST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mla-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and -Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
• TO iiia A3 K. _^_^^
BRICK building, suitable for factory, etc.;
C34-C38 Howard St.. near 2d. McEWEN
BROS., 118 Montgomery st. ¦ _________
TYPEWRITERS AMD SUPPLIES^
GREAT'S ARGAINS IN~TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
" house in the city: rentals $3. The 'Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2t>6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;eKtl mate free. 209Sansome.
DIVIDEND I^OTICKS^
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of 4 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by the Cali-
fornia. Savings and Loan Society, payable on
and after Friday. February 14. 1902. at the
of.lce of the society. Mills building, second
floor, room 28.
CHAS. D. FARQUHARSON. Secretary.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Elrth. marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
! In at either of the publication offices and be
i indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Isons authorized to have the sajne^ published.
BORN. ..';
FISHER— In Alameda. February 19. 1902. to
the wife of O. W. Fisher, a son.
FRANK — In this city. February 13, 1902. to
the wife of B. Frank, a daughter.
LOWNEY — In this city, February 13. 1902. to
the wife of J. E. Lowney, a son.
MAHONEY— In. this city, February 10, 1902,
to the wife of W. J. Mahoney, a son.
MANETTA— In this city, February 22, 190X
io the wlf 3 of Isidore Joseph Manetta. a
' daughter.
OLWA — In thla city. February 15, 1902, to
1 the wife of J. 1~ Olwa, a daughter.
! STRIEGEL— In this city, February 18, 1902.
to the wife of H. F. Striegel, a son.
SUTTON — In this city, February 17, 1902, to
tho wife of JoHn G. Sutton, a son.
~~ UAEBim
CONRADS— LABELL— In this city, February
17, 1002, by Judge T. F. Dunn, D. Edwin
Conrads and Beryl Labell, both of San Fran-
cisco.
'DAHL — KING — In this city. February 20, 1902,
' by the Rev. M. II. 1-Iebe. Emll Dahl and
Laura Matilda King, both of San Francisco.
Dfi GUERRE— WIMMER— In this city, Janu-
ary 15, 11)02, by the Rev. Dr. John "A. B.
Wilson, Charles Wilson de Guerre and Violet
Genevieve Wlmmer. ¦ . ;;'.>.
JOHNSTON — HOLST — In this city, February
i 22, 1002. by the Rev. M. H. "Liebe. Charles
Johnston and .Helena Hoist, both of San
Franci3co.
KRAUSE— MEISNER— In this city, February
16, 1902, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Ernst
Krause and Marguerite Tony Melsner. both
j of San Francisco.
McKLEM — REGAN — In thia city. February 9,
1002, at St. Patrick's Church, by the Rev.
Father Cummins, Robert J. McKlem of Wes-
ton, Nebr., and Johanna J. Regan of San
j ¦ Francisco.
I PERC1VAL— HOTCHKISS — In Ran Rafael.
February 5, 1902. by the Rev David James.
Captain F. F. Perclval of Santa Clara and
! Mra. P. H. Hotchkiss of San Francisco.
I ; died:
Baker. William McGowan. John
Bliss, Georsre D. May, Anna
Bowles, Dr. John B. Mlsner. Clara W.
Campbell, Duncan Monahan. John
Dewing, James Mulgrew, Mary I*.
Driscoll, Tere'ia E. Orr, John
I Edlin.. Lena Osgood, Charles P.
I Elder. Mrs C. A. Roper. Mary A.
Erickson, Dora E. Schwartz. Elizabeth
! Gilbert. Auruste Sibert. Thomas
> Grabill. Mallnda Siefkes. Dr. John L.
! Hutchlnson. Kate Sullivan. Lizzie
j Kahn, Llllie B. Webb, Jessie F.
King, Thomas B. Wever, Mary E.
BAKER — In Oakland. February 22, 1902. Wll-
! Ham, beloved husband of Mary Baker, and
| father of William, Gus, Teresa and Nellie
Baker and Mrs. J. L. Flanagan jot Sacra-
mento, a native of Spain, . aged 7Sr years.
BLISS- In this city, February 22. 1002, at his
residence, 15S1 Pacific avenue. George D.
Bliss, beloved husband of Martha Guerln
Bliss, a native of Albany, N. Y., aged 74
yeara and 23 days.
(C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
BOWLES — In Guatemala. Central America)
February 3, 1902, Dr. John Bennett Bowles,
son of Mr. .and Mrs. G. R. Bowles, a na-
tive of Missouri, aged 30 years. (St. Louts
papers please copy.)
C7Interment at Guatemala. Central
America.
CAMPBELL — In Golden Gate. Febiuary 20,
1U02," Duncan, beloved son of the late Dun-
can and Manraret Campbell, and dearly be-
loved - brother of Mrs. Mary McLeod and
Mrs. Sarah Lyon and the late John A. and
George W. Campbell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aeed 35 years 10 months and 2 days.
C5"Frien Is and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully Invited to attend - the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from his late residence. 6196 Baker
street, corner Sixty-second, Golden Gate, at
1 o'clock, thence to connect with 2 o'clock
creek boat. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. San Francisco. Friends wishing to at-
tend may meet funeral cortege at foot of
Market street on arrival oj 2 o'clock creek
! boat.
DEWING— In this city. February 22, 1902,
James, beloved husband of Mary Dewing,
-and father of Elizabeth A., Amy B. and
\ HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
'. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
1 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
¦ Mt. Olivet Cemetery;,
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
[ OFFICE falG M/RKET STREET.
J. ¦ HENDERSON. Manager.
' ISEVV,MKM \Jt* (JADc.crAKbRS.
. - Samuel McFadden. 13 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association- M J
! McBrearty. with the same company for 18
1 years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O' Con-
nor, & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
» and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ¦
t : — ¦ — — . . '¦ : — -
: JAMBS McGINN.
Formerly with McGinn .Bros., ha3 opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 578.
1*unitedUndert3533s1
Z7 «r»t » 9 nr th St. TeKsSuth ter I
rtWPRAl. DIRECTORS AMD EMmALMERS.1
"""' Equ>pm ra t_»t Moden>tf_R»tearl
: I REMOVED!
McGinn bkos..
• FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 228 McAllister st. (For-
. j_merlXiof_81_Eddy_st. Tel. South 252.)
: , REMOVAL NOTICE.
On and after Feb. 22, 1902, we will occupy
OUR OWN j BUILDING at 1600 Mission st
- bet. 15th and 16th. TELEPHONE MISSION
. 109. CHAS. H.J TRUMAN & CO.. Funeral
. Directors and Embalmers..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND HEAL KSTATE.
IAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Offices, 4C0 and 462 8th St., Oakland.
$60,000 — One of the choicest - business blocks
In Oakland; modern; well rented; corner lot; in
growing business section. . ¦
$00,000 — Choice business block; renting for
$150 month; has 100 feet frontage; extra well
located; has extra fine future. ¦ «
$35,000 — Extraordinary sacrifice of a magnifi-
cent mansion, with 14 ' acres; premises have
cost over $100,000; present mortgage $20,000:
everything in magnificent- order;' absolutely,
must be sold; nothing l.ki it ever offered bffor*.
$30,000— Extra fine income business property;
100 feet frontage; land sold on this street for:
$400 foot; present income $1800 per annum; fair
interest (will produce more) for property with
such fine future • • ,
$20,000— Worth $25,000; absolutely no choicer
business corner In any city around the bay that
has such an assured future; producing savings
bank rate of interest and will be worth some
day $50,000 to $100,000; safer than any savings
bank; splendid reason for .not giving location;
sale this week opposite makes thls.wor.th $30.-
000; investigate. '
$22.000— Palatial . home, grandly - - situated,
Hjpssessingr advantages of near remoteness' and
accessible seclusion; only one year constructed.
$20,000 — Completely furnished; magniflcent.-
stately mansion; constructed and furnished less
than 2 years ; absolutely everything goes on
account of departure.
$12,500 — Cost $25,000; fine suburban home; 10
rooms; modern and complete, between Oakland
and Berkeley; 5 acres choice fruit and. shrubs;
land alone worth more and has fine future.-
$10,000— Linda Vista; corner 12-room res-
idence rone of the choicest in this magnificent
locality. ',',.. o
$5500— Vernon Heights; choicest locality; 8
rooms; French plate glass front; extra Interior
finish; stable. . . • - * -.
A sacrifice on two new 8-room choice modern
homes;* central location; each has flat loarvof
$3000 and §3500; no reasonable offer refused for
equity, if sold at once; see us; will arrange
terms. .'¦.,* : • . o !
$7000— Lovely Linda Vista terrace^ home ; S
rooms;' elegant interior: stable: 60x125; situa-
tion unexcelled; specially constructed by pres-
ent owner for a home; if you want something
choice see "this.
%. $5500— Adeline station; extra bargain; a sac-
rifice for quick sale; fine 2-story home, LJ
rooms; furnace; bis lot; sunny location.-
. $4000— Mortgaged $3100; must sell; 8th St.
and Adeline station; 2-story 9 : room; 50 ft. lot.
porcelain bath;- rents $30. .•
$4100— McClure or Blackstone Heights, al-
most center of the city; up-to-date; 8 rooms,
fine order; elevated; view equals Piedmont.
$!1500— Telegraph ave. ina Twenty-sevenlh
>st.; 2-story colonial; 9 rooms; porcelain bath,
two mantels; reception hall; barn; 40x150; al-
ways rented; $25 month; splendid neighbor
°$350O— 3 acres; Estudlllo station, near. San
Leandro; 5-room cottage; bam; all -In. fruit. -
$2850 — Fronts Adeline st. close in; 2-story. »
rooms; bath; lot 35x1 2.",; cheap. ¦ •
¦ $3150— Mortgage $2500, if sold by February
8; neat, large 5-room cottage; elegant -lot, 48
xllS; near 16th and Filbert sts. , ¦,•; ;
$4500— Elegant new colonial home, 9 rooms,
porjelain bath; open "nickel plumbing, electric
lights;. $150 combination fixtures; open fire-
place: fine barn; lot 50x120; rents $.15; fine
homes adjoining; near Grove st. - _ ,
$250 cash— Near: Twenty-seventh and Tele-
graph; new up-to-date 6-room; 40-foot :.lot,
Pr $ C lS5'o^lat 8 mortgage $1400; neat cottage;
bay-window; 5 rooms: near Clinton. station,
¦ $1250 — Rents $440 jSer annum; business cor-
ner; improved; 2 blocks Broadway; this is a
bargain; closing estate. ¦_ . .
$1400— Alice st:; neat cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; patent toilet; near Seventh st ; porcelain
sink; 8-foot basement; lot 25x75. , . .
$1350— $250 cash, balance $1" montn; -«tn,
near Grove; 3 cottages; 5 rooms and bath eacn;
r fl250^MagnolIa St., near Thirty-fourth; mod-
ern lV-story house of 6 rooms; near cars, sta-
tlon r K e^ e R W Ei e L rr ESTATE CO
Offices 460 and 462 8th St., Oakland.
- , - ' ¦
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
003 ¦ Broadway Oaklandi
LOT FOR FLATS.
J4875— 05x100; choicest northwest corner In
Oakland. In the very best renting section; close
to Broadway and trains; 100 feet faces east; 8
flats would easily rent for $240 per month, j <• " '. ; .
INCOME FLATS.
$0000 — Rent Tor $06 25 per month; water
$6 50 per month; will net 10 per cent on in-
vestment.
,. .,....., OAK-STREET LOT.
50x100; on eaFt side of Oak St.. 50 feet south
of 12th; stable to be removed; a great bargain;
$2750. /-' ,..•... i-g ',.,
PIEDMONT LOT.
120x100; on southeast corner Vernon and Per-,
kins sts., opposite Senator- Perkins' home; only
$5000; cheapest lot In this location.
NEW HOME.
$3750 — On 27th st.. near Telegraph ave. ; lot
36x100: very fine house of 8 rooms, bath and
all modern improvements; beautifully tinted;
complete in every detail; only, $1000 cash, bal-
ance at S per cent. . ¦ (
NE. CORNER 13TH AND HARRISON.
Lot 00x100; large cottage of 7 rooms; this
property is i a great bargain, j
WEBSTER-STREET LOT.
' $1100 — Lot 32x100 on east side of Webster
St.. between 23d and 24th.
EAST OAKLAND LOT. -
$45 per foot — Choicest residence lot" in East
Oakland; northwest corner. 100x150 (will sub-
divide), on principal thorougnrare; a bargain.
FILBERT-STREET LOTS. '
60x100; west side, 30 feet north of 8th st.;
only $3100.
42x100; (tas-t side, -72 feet south of 14th St.;
a snap. ¦ . ¦ -
ALICE-STREET HOME.
Very beautiful home; house of 9 rooms;
every »modern convenience; elegantly decorated;
large lot; very choice shrubbery; large con-
servatory; fine tbarn ;• this is a very desirable
home and at this. price is a bargain.
MERRITT : HOUSES.
Six. sold; only 2. remain; last chance to get
one of these fine homes at cost of improve-'
merits; large lots; houses contain 10 rooms;
one a corner; prices $7000 and $12,500.
$3000 LOT.
On 13th st., between Madison and Oak; 50x
100; only one left.
" LOOK!
LOOK!
/ . LOOK'.
At these houses at once; Just belngr completed
on west side of Valdezst., 32 feet south of
24th (Piedmont cars pass property); 7 rooms
and bath each; cement basement; every mod-
ern convenience; houses when sold will be
ready to move Into; only $3750 each; easy
terms. ¦ • ..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
003 Broadway, Oakland.
300' ACRES, three miles fron* Oakland. $75
an acre; two-thirds of. purchase price can be
J borrowed on the land at 6 per cent interest.
. GILBERT WYMAN, attorney at law, office
• and residence, Twenty-seventh ave. and East
Sixteenth, Frultvale. Cal. ; phone Brook 123.
$1200— 6-ROOM house; improved street; cement
¦ walks; inside city limits; only 2 blocks from
local station; $100 cash, remainder of -pur-
chase price same . as rent, $15 per. month.
WYlf AN LAND CO., 1137 E Fourteenth st..
near Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland. ..-•¦.
WE offer bargains in dwellings and lots In
Oakland and Alameda: for sale and -'ex-
change. HEALY & CARE, 6 Eddy st.
SEND for book pn "Hrmea." WM. P. TODD.
1070 Broadway, or 11 Montgomery Bt., S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
, Call, 16 pages, sent to any address - in i the
United States or Canada one year ' for $1,
postage paid. ¦ . ": : i --;-.;
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this mpnth. < H.
ECHKLLHAAP. <0S Kl»-v«>ntti rt.. Oakland.
FRUITVA LE ADVERTISEMENTS
_ FRUITVALIB REAL ESTATE.
A^HOMe'bUILDING CO.. Fruitvale ave. '¦¦'-'•
$1000— House 5 rooms and bath ; • lot ' 112x112
fe«t; barn; % mile from station; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month. ;\
$1500— House 6 rooms and bath; 4 short
blocks from station ; s $200 cash, balance : $18 20
per month. .
$1800— House 6 rooms, bath- mantel, station-
ary tubs, ¦ high ¦ basement ; 2 blocks from sta-
tion ; $300 cash, balance $21 per month. ..-.."..
$1700— House 5 rooms and bath ; lot 35x124 ;
nice stable; 1 block from car line; 4 blocks from
station; $300 cash, balance $19 60 per month.
$600 — House 3 rooms ; lot' 50x100; good well ;
$100 cash, balance $7 per month; 3 blocks Hay-
wards car line, /'Fitchburg." .
$1500— House 5 rooms and bath;' lot 150x164
feet ; $21 per month - will « . buy this : " home ;
"Forest Park.". /.
$1000— House 5 rooms; lot 45x145; $100 cash
balance $12 60 per month; "Allendale Tract."
HOME BUILDING CO.. Frultvale ave., south
of.R.' R.- track. Office hours,? 8; to ; 10 a.% n>., -
, weekdays; all day Sundays.vW^ E.^RUDELL. >
FR UIT YALE ADVERTISEMENTS
KHUtTVALB REAL. .ESTATE.'-
$1350— 5-ROOM cottage;' modern; good base-
• ment, lot 27x100; - one block from
Twenty-third-avenue station.
$1050— 4-room cottage; hot . and cold water;
close to streetcar; lot. 30x107. ::'¦-
$1750 — 5-room cottage; modern; with good
basement; good stable; > lot 50x125; one
, block from streetcar; $100 cash, bal-
ance as rent. ¦
$3250-^-7-room house; all modern; fine location
.. and fine view; street work all done.
Ranch to exchange, for house in Oakland of
Alameda; ranch of 160 acres, 10 acre3 in
grapes, 5 acres" in orchard: 8-room house,
good barn; price $3500 clear. . -
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1157 Twenty- third ave.. East Oakland,
. or 1500 Park St., Alameda.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
j Wilson ave. and- Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
¦ 2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
; tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental i grounds; fruit
•orchard; 20 minutes frqm Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F. ; rent $35. a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. : FRKUD, Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNKR. Frultvale Station.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and SOLAR fiats, 525 and. 531 Turk st. :
.first class; new bldg.'; housekeeping suites.
AUSTIN, 102, bet. Bush and Pine, off Polk —
2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
BELL. The, 1773 Market — Parlor suite, kitchen,
gas range. $20; also one single, $6.
1 DEVISADERO.r 43C — Unfurnished rooms,
| housekeeping; gas and bath.
EDDY, 921 — Handsome unfurnished parlors;
' also furnished room for light housekeeping;
also unfurnished attic for studio.
ELLIS, " 6S5, corner Larkin — Sunny bay-win-
dows, ' mantel, . folding bed; light housekeepg.
FIFTH. 3"k{ — Furnished housekeeping; - two,
?12; three, $12; also three, $20; also single.
FOLSOM, C20 — Large housekeeping rooms on
•first floor; large grounds for children..- ;
GEARY, 1812%— Three' comfortably furnished
'¦ rooms for housekeeping; no children; $15.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 12ft— Nicely": furnished
•sunny rooms; grate; gas stove; water.
JACKSON, 1513 — Two nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms complete; $15.
LAGUNA. 1310, near Ellis— Two sunny unfur-
¦ nished housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
LARKIN, : 71(5 — 2 sunny furnished housekeep-
. ins rooms. . . .
LEXINGTON ave., 376> near Twenty-flrst — 2
housekeeping rooms;- kitchen complete.
MARTHA' place,.' 2, off Geary, near Taylor-
Two lower. rooms for housekeeping.' ¦
McALLISTER. 935 (lower) — 3 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; gas range; S15.
McALLISTER, 1042 — 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms, bath and gas, for housekeeping.
MINNA, 28 — Sunny ' furnished housekeeping
rooms; single and double; cheap. ..
OAK, 31/ nr. Market — Neat suite sunny parr
lors complete housekeeping; gas range; quiet.
OAK, 110— Large front room, $10; 2 basement
rooms, $9; sunny room. $7; furnished house-
keeping. • -....- T v •
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary — Bay-window; j
sun all day; gas stove;' folding-bed.
O'FARRELL, 1315 — 2 unfurnished parlors and j
: -kitchen; bath; also lower floor, 3 rooms, $15; •
¦; phone Scott S58. . .
SIXTH. 123 V4— Nicely furnished double rooms
cheap, with gas; quiet house; cooking al-
lowed. - .
.TENTH. 153 — Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping; bay window and gas.
TURK. 132 — 2 nice . sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; first floor.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— 3 sunny
*_ bay-window _ rooms; nice, neat, complete. j
VAN NESS, 1000— Large sunny housekeeping
suites and other rooms.
3 FURNISHED rooms; Bunny; gas; central.
Box 4026. Call office. " j
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward: rates
by week or month: McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, an%
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BARTLETT, 531 — 3 sunny rooms partly fur-
s nished for light housekeeping.
BAKER. 1511. cor. Sutter— -Two sunny un- I
furnished rooms (one front); bath.
BURNETT, H20 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 727 — Furnished room for gentleman;
gas, bath. * • |
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly I
furnished sunny rooms; pricea reasonable. j
EDDY, 751 — Elegant newly furnished sunny]
rooms', with or without board; also house- j
keeping suites. . <
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms.
35c, $1 50 night; $1 00i $0 wk.-. open all night.
ELLIS, 418, The Pier'pont— Beautifully fur-
nished suite: private bath; sun all day; $35.
FRANCISCO v Hotel— Elegant suites; single,
transient: baths.' Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEART, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furntsh-
ed suite* and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 704, corner Hyd*— Elegant furnished
suite; also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 425-427 — Modern lnT
provements.- with electric lights; hot and cold
water In every room; baths; price from $10
to $30. • - .
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
¦home at moderate charges ;sult. single '.elevatr
GRANT. 245 — New .bachelor apartments; fur.
or unfur.; rul table physician or dentist; refs.
HOWARD, 728— Large room for two; another
for $5 per month.
HYDE; 133 — Nicely furnished rooms; running
water; crate.
JESSIE. 363. near Fifth and Market— Furnlsh-
ed room, $4 per month.
JONES, 614 — Large sunny front room, suitable
for couple; light housekeeping if desired.
KEARNSY 34, and '.47' Post— OrfW or sunny
lurnished rooms; en cuite or single.
LARKIN,' 804— Sunny single room, neatly fur-
nished.i
LARKIN, 819%— Sunny front room suitable
two gentlemen; gas, bath and phone; reas-
onable.
LARGE sunny front room, two gentlemen, and
single rooms In private family; near business
centers; references required. Box 3844. Call.
MARKET, 1032— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
$1 25 single. $1 50 double. </ '
MASON, 123 — A sunny well furnished room
. to' let. ,:.;¦.'.¦•" . .
MARTINET," 1101 Geary— Handsome suites-
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
McALLISTER, 38— Nicely furnished room-
reasonable. ¦
MCALLISTER. 003%— Large bay window
room; gas; bath; grate ; v »10. «
MINNA, 541— Hall room; gas; bath; call morn-
, Ing or evening. ' < ¦*
[ MINNA, 687. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room ; $1 per week ; transient.
¦ MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh~slngle sunny
front room, $1 25 week; private family.
; NEW -ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
, . nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
• offices; elevator, elec. lights; day,: week. mo.
POLK. : 1630— Corner room; sunny, clean, reas-
; . • onable; 1 hot baths; respectable parties only.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent light,
¦,readlng-r6om, - smoking-room: and ladies' par-
. lor; -rooms, per night, 35c < to $150; week, < $2
i to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 ; Eighth st ,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
. STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st.
> •¦ *
< STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny suites and single
rooms ; bath ; phone. • ..,-,.
t TURK. 509 — Nicely ..furnished rooms for two
• gentlemen; references exchanged. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established' at 1000
-Valencia st. •:-;/ <;?'
. .ROOMS AND BOARD.
; .GUESTS wanted at House-on- the-HIU; health-
i '"'ful.'high living; 40-acre flower farm; magnifl-
: cent view; superb cll^nate; ideal place for rest
• and comfort. , Upper Fruitvale, -, Dimond. • Cal.
'. GOOD board and comfortable rooms reasonable
,2240 Shattuck ave., .Berkeley; large grounds;
. a tennis court.. ¦"
. MEREDITH, . 218 . , Turk — Sunny • front rooms ;
' ... electric ¦ lights ; hot i and ' cold ,water ; modern ;
¦ .first-class board; reasonable ;. phone South S29.
• EDDY," 316— Elegantly furnished - sunny room;
refined couple or 2 gentlemen; every con-
, venlence.lSttKa«te|MtfMESMIK
j — : : -
,-. LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High class hotel ;fur.
suites or single; board optional; steam heat.
E3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 734 Folsom street Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SIBERT— In this city, February 22. 1902.
Thomas Slbert. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 1 month and 13 days.
EIEFKES — In this city. February 22, 1902.
Dr. John L., beloved husband of Minnie R.
Siefkes, and father of Ruth and Lane. L.
Siefkes. a native of Illinois, aged 43 yean
4 months and IS days.
C7" Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at l:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2633 Folsom street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
COURT SOUTHERN HEIGHTS No. 1150. L
O. F. — Officers and members are hereby no-
tia-Jd to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother. Dr. J. I* Siefkes. on Monday. Feb-
I ruary 24, at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
dence. 2633 Folsom -J^^^ a fc
J. W. HAMILTON. R. S.
SULLIVAN — In this city. February 22. 1903;
Lizzie, beloved wife of the late Daniel Sul-
livan, daughter of Marsaret Kelly, and sta-
• ter Of Mrs. Mary Condon. Mrs. W. Freeta
and John. Daniel and Joseph Kelly of Port
Costa, a native of Kansas, aged 41 years. .
IGTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. S19 Fremont street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church for services at 11:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEBB — In Alameda, February 20, 1902, Jessla
Fredrica. beloved wife of Atwel C. Webb,
and daughter of Captain and Mrs. F. J.
Hunt, a native of England, ased 26 yeara
and 13 days. (Bournemouth papers please
copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 1816 Lafayette street. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
WEVER — February 21. 1902. Mary E. Wever.
- daughter of Captain D. F. Calllnan. XT. S.
A., and Hester Calllnan.
ICTFuneral from St. Mary's Church. Feb-
ruary 23, 1902. ¦'_
CARD OF THANKS.
Mr. and Mrs. Paterson extend their sin-
cere thanks to their many friends for their
kind sympathies in their late bereavement.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
February 24, at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence, 2100 Alameda avenue, under the aus-
• pices of Oak Grove Lodca No. 215. V. and
A. M. :/.<-.-*• •¦•¦¦•-
ROPER — In this city. February 22, 1902, Mary
A., beloved slater of Belinda Roper, a na-
tive of New Orleans.
IE?The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday) at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 633 Waller street, thence to St.
' Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
' ' will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCHWARTZ— In this city, February 21, 1902.
Elizabeth Schwartz. bc»oved» wife of Henry
. Schwartz, a native of Ireland, aged 74 yeara
3 months and S days.
MULGREW— In Santa Rosa, February 22,
1902, Mary F., wife of John F. Mulgrew of
Skaggs Springs, a native of New York, aged
47 years. (Milwaukee. Wis.. papers please
copy.>
ORR — In the City and County HosDltaL Feb-
ruary 22, 1902, John Orr. a native of Ja-
maica, aged E$ yeara.
OSGOOD— In Alameda, February 22, 1902.
Charles P.. beloved husband of Lydia Os-
good, and father of George B. Osgood, a na-
tive of New Hampshire, ased U7 years 6
months and 22 dajs. . - .'¦«»»
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. IS Oak Grove avenue, thence to
St. Rose's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repos» of his soul
Monday, at 0 o'clock, at St Rose's Churcn.
MAY— In this city. February 21. 1802. Anna
May. a native of Ireland, aged 40 years.
MISNER — In this city. February 22. 1902.
Clara Woodworth, beloved daughter of Dan-
iel R. and Battle 3, Mlsner. and slater o£
¦*"Mrs. W. R-" Overholser and Oliver J. Mis-
ner. a native of California, aged IS years 10
months and 17 days.
ETThe remains will be taken to Petaluma
for bflrial Monday. February 24. at 7 a. m.
MONAHAN — A requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the aoul of the late John Mona-
han Tuesday, February 25, at 9 o'clock, at
St. Rose's Church. Friends are invited.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the 'funeral Sunday.
February 23, at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery ave-
nue, thence to L O. O. F. Hall. Seventh art'l
Market streets, where services will be held
under the auspices of Franeo-Amerlcalne
Lodge No. 207. L O. O. F., commencing at 1
. o'clock.
GRABILL— In this city. February 22, 1902.
Mallnda, widow of the late George G. Gra-
bill. and beloved mother of Sarah G. and
George D. Grabill. a native of Pennsylva-
nia, aged 74 years.
HUTCHINSON — In this city. February 21.
1902 Kate, daughter of the late C. I. and
Catherine L. Hutchlnson, and sister of Fred
W and Ely I- Hutchlnson and Mrs. John
Scott Wilson, a native of Sacramento. Cal.
E^Funeral services to-day (Sunday), at $
. o'clock, at Grace Church, corner Stockton
and California streets. Interment private.
KAHN— In Oakland. February 22. 1902. Ltllli*
B.. beloved wife of Sol Kahn. mother of Irv-
ing H. and Henrlette B. Kahn. and daughter
of Cassare and Hulda Behrendt, aged d3
ye [ET Friends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral Monday, at 2 o'clock, from her late,
residence. 815 Filbert street (Market-street
KING— In Oakland. February 23. W02. at his
residence. 1265 Center street. ThomaaB..
husband of Delia King, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 86 years and 8 months.
McGOWAN— In this ctty. February 21. 1902.
John, dearly beloved son of Patrick and
Annie McGowan. and brother of Mrs. o. E.
Parker of Berkeley and Mrs. Annie Curley
'a native of San Francisco, aeed 21 years S
months and 5 days.
Johnnie has left us — his loss we do deplore.
May the Lord* have mercy on his soul. Wa
never shall - see no more.
. FROM HIS FATHER.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
ELDER— In East Oakland. February 21, 1902,
at the residence of her son-in-law. W. H.
Gregory, Mrs. Catharine A. Elder, mother
of Mrs. W. H. Gregory of Oakland, Mrs. E.
E. Folta of DelavSn. Wls.. and Mrs. W. H.
Farney of Chicago, a native of Pennsylva-
nia, aged 75 years S months and 14 days.
ERICKSON — In this city, February 22. 1902.
Dora Edwina, beloved daughter of Carl and
Amanda Erickson. and sister of CarU Clara
and Ruth Erickson. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 years 1 month and 14 days.
GILBERT — In this city. February 19, 1902.
Auguste, beloved husband of Jeanne Gil-
bert, and father of WUUam (attorney-at-law>
and Marv Gilbert, a native of France. A
member of Franco-Amerlcalne Lodge No.
207. I. O. O. F.
Frank G. Dewing, a native of Tolland,
Conn., aged 66 years.
E7"Frlen«ls and acquaintances are respect-
l fully . Invited to attend the funeral to-day
i (Sunday)* at 2:30 o'clock, from Red Men s
building. 320 Post street, under the auspices
of George H. Thomas Post, G. A. K. Inter-
ment National Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city. February 21. 1902.
Teresa E.. beloved daughter of Bridget T.
and the late Daniel Drlscoll. and beloved
sister of- the Rev. F. P. Driscoll. O. P.. and
Catherine F. and the late Agnes Drtscoll. a
native of Lawrence. Mass.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitsd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2612 Post street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a solemn requiem blgn.
mass will be celebrated for the reoose of
her scul at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
EDLIN— In Phoenbc. Ariz.. February 22, 1902.
Lena, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.
Edlin, ared 15 years.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOB 9ALB.
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS. ~
Lota for Homes. Lots for Flats.
Lota for Speculation.
$2750 each — Two choice lota on Ashbury, be-
tween. Halght and Page sts.; each 2Sx
100 ' ." - -T-~ * : i -"-
54500— A cheap corner; Waller and Maaonlo
ave.; 33x105; all street work done; offer
wanted.
J1M0 each — Stanyan, near Carl; 2 lots; each
28x106. - - • , . '
$1700 each — Twelve big lots on Frederick, be-
tween Cole and Clayton; atreet paved;
stone curb laJd.
$1900 — Cole, near Frederick; fine lot for flats.
25x105:7. _ ,
$1500 each — Six lots on Carl st. opposite Cole.
each 25x137 :<3. • " •
S400 — Very cheap: Stanyan st.. near Eight-
eenth ; 25x92; street graded and macad-
amized. "*•' '•- ¦ ,
Send for printed list of property for sale la
all sections of the city. LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery at.
LTON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery street.
Send for our complete printed list of proo-
erty for sale In all sections of the city.
$7,500— A good business location; corner; best
pan of Devlsadero *.; lot 25x100; 2-
story residence. 9 rooms and bath,
should be raised and store put under-
i $9.000— Ben?$87 50; Lyon St.: Park Pan^"-
dle district: 3-story building, contain-
ing 3 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
• each; all rented; lot 25xlOG:3»£.
$7 000— Rent $70 per month; 2 handsome flats
* 7 ' oi! f Cole sU; Panhandle district; con-
tain <S and 7 large sunny rooms and all
latest conveniences; kitchen in center
of the house: dining-room is paneled.
Si rooms prettily tinted; lot 30 feet
$9,750-^1' $96 50; 3 new ********£$¦%
«t oinse to Park' contain 6 ana t
r^om^ fnd batn^each; lot 25x105; fine
Interest-paying property.
$5 BOO— Pacific st . near Leavenwortn. large
lX45rt2:6: improvements, store and
flat; rents $10; could be Increased.
$5 000— Hill St.. near Valencia; lot 30x114; 2-
story house, 8 rooms and bath, laun-
dry and conservatory; terms $1-5')
cash balance In monthly Installments;
driveway and room for stable.
£10 750 — Kent $102 .10; 3 handsome new flats. •
rooms and bath each; all rented; lot 2<
feet frontage, by sood depth; Park
Panhandle district; this Is an excep-
tionally good building, with marble
steps rounded bay-windows and kitch-
en in center: abundance of light and
$4,500— Good investment; close to Golden Gate
ave and Hyde St.; 2 flats. 5 and 6
rooms and bath; rent $36 m -
$12 500— Splendid corner Investment in the pop-
1 uar Panhandle district; 4 fine sunny
flats; always rented: lot 52x104; por-
tion of lot vacant; rent $106.
$70,000— Rent $6000 per annum: leased to one
want; fine building; heated by steam;
lighted by electricity: light and eunpy:
SloV front: splendid
not far from Sutter and Hyde sts..
very large lot; on^wanted.^^
114 Montgomery st.
BROS. Ijj™™**** ST "
PAYS 6 PER CENT NET. •
Fine modern brick building;: rent can b«
raised when tenants' lease expires: near Mar-
ket rt lot 50x137:6: price $120,000; a fine in-
vestment; quick sale desired; the best and
cheapest .IW to^igg^
Best block- fine modern fiats. 5 and 6 rooms;
rents $57 50:
Elegant new modern fiats. 6 rooms each;
• rents $70; Drice $<«50.
A SNAP.
Two cozy flats on Vallejo st.. near Hyde; 3
and 4 rooms: in good condition; street work
accepted; level block: only $2250.
CHEAP LOT.
On Seventeenth et.. near Diamond; bitumln-
lred- price $1500: no reasonable offer refused.
DEVISADERO ST.
Business property; 2 stores and flats above;
rents $112; lot 50x100; price $17,500.
WALLER-ST. HOME.
- Near Scott; 2-story and basement, 7 rooms
and bath; lot 30x110; price $5250.
VALLEJO-ST. LOT.
On Vallejo St., near Baker; marine view lot,
69:10x137:0; a bargain; price only $3500.
VERY CHEAP.
T«vo lotg on Twentieth st.. between Church
and Sanchez: sunny side; 25x114 each; only
$800 each.
WESTERN ADDITION' RESIDENCE.
House of 7 rooms and bath; on Bush st.,
near Broadway; lot 25x137:6.
MISSION FLATS. . •--
Two flats of 4 and "> rooms on Twenty-first
•t.; lot 25x1 no : rents $28; price $3300.
NEAR THE CHUTES.
Lot on Eighth ave.: 26:2x120; price $1000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
Presidio Heights; send for Hot.
McAllister st.
Lot on McAllister st.. near Devlsadero; 27:Cx
137:0; rrlce $3250: fine for flata.
SCOTT ST.
Let en Peott st.. between McAllister and
Fulton; 25xlC<>:3: price $2750
RICHMOND LOTS.
Send for our plats of Richmond lets; sold
on terms If desired. Lots on Sixth ave., be-
tween Lake and the Presidio line, $000 each
SHIPLEY ST.
Lot with old building on Shipley st., near
Fifth; only $1450
MISSION* COTTAGES.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
" „ McAFEE* BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. ~ ~ "~
20 Montcomvy Street. " *
$20.000— Rent {140 a month.
Hyde st.; a business corner, and 137:6 feet
frontage; very cheap.
$S500 — Business Property.
CORNER PAYING 7 PER CENT NET
Downtown; new building, built 2 years-
grocery and. flat; one tenant; splendid lo-
cation.
.,««~ BRTaNT - street corner.
$10,000 — Ilent fllS a month.
Downtown corner; 30-foot lot.
BUSINESS CORNER.
112,000— Close to Van Ness and Market; rent
about $101 a month; 42 feet frontage;
cheapest corner in this location.
"- '--¦ ."^"V "¦¥•' ¦' ______
SPLENDID BUY.
$70.000 — Pays 6 per cent net.
•4-Btory and basement brick building; best
location; few step's from Market and
Kearny, and a corner; fine future.
HOWARD STREET. NEAR SIXTH.
$13.350 — Rent $90.
New building of store and flats; fine lo-
cation; always rented.
PAYS 9 PER CENT NET.
$12,500— One block from Van Neaa ave.;
large lot; 2 frontages; well improved;
rents $112 per month.
ELEGANT LOT FOR APARTMENT HOUSE.
$7«. 000— Eddy, at., close to Market; 77:6x
137:6, and a corner; chance to double your
money.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery Street. ~
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery at.
$500 CASH!
Balance monthly installments same as rent;
price $3250; lowest bank rate Interest, 6 per
cent on deferred payments; handsome new cot-
tage; Just^completed; 5 large rooms and bath;
tnopt beautiful marine view In the city; two
large and elegant bay windows; large yard In
rear; latest, most Improved nickel-plated open
plumbing; porcelain bath tub, porcelain aink,
tiled; elegant gas fixtures throughout; gas
grate: cement wash traya; blrdseye maple man-
• tel; best painting, graining, varnishing, tint-
ing and lincrusta throughout halls and dining-
room; dome ceilings; brick foundation; plate-
glass doors; abundance of sun and light all day
* long; every modern convenience; water, gas and.
fewer connections all made; cement aide walks ;
Srat-class location; 15 minutes from Kearny
and Market sts.; on car line; no transferring
to get down town. ¦
Don't miss this bargain; It la worth SO per
cent more than price we are asking.
- * • ___ !
$300 c&sh. balance same aa rent, without In-
terest— Beautiful 5 room and bath cottage; good
as new; porcelain bath and sink; tiled; dome
ceilings; brick foundation; elegant gas fixtures;
cement wash trays; patent tank closet; large
, bay-window; walls tinted; best painting and
graining; tip to" date in every respect: on Cas-
tro St. *j RIVERS BROS.,
205 Montgomery st.
GEO. A. RAYMOND. Mills Building.
Sutter at., ' flats; . north aide; very desirable;
$10,000.
Willard at., aouth of Park; dainty home on
College Height*: new and up-to-date; 6 rooms,
bath, etc.: $3750; easy terms.
Belmont ave., cor. Woodland ave. ; artistic
home on College Heights; just- finished; 8
rooms,* bath, etc.; fine views; beautifully shel-
tered: $4000: easy terms.
Oak st.;.N.E. corner; choice neighborhood;
very large minny lot with two residences; un-
usually desirable bargain; $13,000.
See my' list of properties from Sausallto to
San Rafael: on-line of new "North shore elec-
tric railroad" under heading of suburban.
GEO. A. RAYMOND. Mills building.
Room 2, Seventh Floor.
WANTED— To purchase a residence north of
Broadway, from ¦ Van Nesa ave. to Lyon at.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California at..
WANTED — To purchase lota from Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to Lyon st.
W. J. GUNN. S30 California st. .
SEND for book en. "Homes." WM. P. TODD.
1070 Broadway, or. 11 Montgomery at., S..F.
A CORNER, 75x80, junction Market ' and Do-
B lores. $13.000. E. A. K.; Dlmond. Cal.
BARGAIN — 9-room houae; modern improve-
menta. 1711 Broderick, betr Buah and Pine;
REAL. ESTATE — CITY — FOB SALE.
A. M SPECK & CO., 66T MARKET ST..
Opp. Kearny, Real Estate Agents and
Rent Collectors.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS. ¦ •
|100.000r-Corner; 275x137 :«; splendid improve-
* ments; rented at $800 per month.
$70,000 — Reduced from $80,000; corner, 7Cx7B,
¦within one-third block from Market
at. and close to Hlbernia Bank; stores
and lodging-house: best Investment
oft Market st.: must be sold.
$53,000 — Geary st, near Stockton: 2 front-
• ages; no better inside buy; 1% blocks
from Market st.
$55,000— Half-block from Orpheum. 1 . block
• - . ' from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
houses.
$40.000— Geary-st. corner; lot 87:0x137:6; very
substantial Improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent nst.
$40,000 — Sansome-st. corner; 68:9x137:6; nom-
inal improvements: rents $212 50;
want offer.
$35,000 — McAl!ister-st. corner; 85x98'; good im-
provements; rent $220.
$30,000 — Fine business corner: 3 stores and 6
flats; bulldlngr cost $25,000; lot 68:9x
71; rents $2450 per year.
$25,000— Post-st. corner, near Taylor; stores,
basement and 2 floors above; rents
very low at $134.
$11.000 — Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter;
rents ?!M).
$9000 — Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown in-
vestment [¦* : ¦ . ¦ ' "
$5500— Geary-st. corner; 62 . feet frontage ;
\.ne-half of property improved; a
cheap buy. •
$0000 — 50 feet frontage; flats near Sixth st. :
rents ?CG. . • . , * . • . •
. RESIDENCES. . .
$15,000— Modern Jackson-st. residence; 12
rooms and baths; rent $100.
$5000 — Golden Gate ave. ; 10 rooms and bath;
lot '25x137:0.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY. ¦
$37,500— Turk st, close to Larkin; *>7xl3<:6;
splendid 6lte for apartment house.
$35,000 — 170xlC0; suitable for manufacturing
purposes: 3 frontages; mortgage $26,-
' 000;. Mission st. •
$30,000 — 137:6x128:, northwest corner: Gough
st; marine and panoramic view;
• choice residence site.
$15,000— McAllister st, close to'Fillmore; i5x
137:6.
$5000 — 100x100; one block from Golden Gate
¦ Park. . '
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 607 Market st
FOR sale — 2ST.S4: double house, 16 rooms and
bath, at 9Ifi Pine St.. near Taylor.
REAL. ESTATE COliXTRY—For Sale
ROSS VALLEY PARK.
Beautiful lots, 50x150, and larger; water
sewers and fine roads; wooded and open; $oU0
to $700; easy terms; one-third of tract already
sold.
COLE TRACT— ROSS VALLEY.
Lovely new cottage on superbly wooaed large
lot, $3500; easy terms.
Fine large wooded lot adjoining, $700.
ROSS VALLEY.
$30,000 — Grand country estate: finely Im-
proved; a few minutes' walk from Ross feta-
tion; a great barcain.
$13,000—7% acres; beautifully timbered;
residence, stable, etc.; extremely attractive.
SAN RAFAEL.
West End residence; large grounds; in fln«
order; $30,000; very choice.
$12,000 — Beautiful home and grounds near
Hotel Rafael and broad-gauge depot.
i $10,000— Another lovely home near Hotel
Rafael.
$10.500 — Still another charming home near
Hotel Rafael In Coleman Addition.
I . • , -
! I have fine properties on line of the new
I North Shore Electric Railroad from Sausallto
! up. to San Rafael. .
I GEO. A. RAYMOND Mills bldg.
| 7th floor — Room 2.
I BARGAINS IN RANCHES. ~ ~
i $2000— Improved farm, 10 acres; 2% miles
! from Santa Rosa; 5-room house, barn and 8
acres In orchard and vineyard; all level valley
$1000 — 1 CO-acre ranch In the hills near Ukiah;
I road and schoolhouse and barn; orchard and
20 acres for cultivation; rest In pasture and
oak timber. - ' ,v , -
; $2000 — 50-acre ranch, fine soil, near Auburn;
! good house, barn and 15 acres In orchard; easy
terms.
$2500 — Grain ranch; ICO acres; house, barn
and well: all in grain; near Stockton.
| foOOO — 120 acres, at Glenwood, Santa. Cruz
j Mountains; SO acres in vineyard, »0 acres
; orchard, apples, pears and prunes; easy terms.
| $3 an acre — l«00-acre stock ranch; good house
and barn; farming land for> -hay; half-mile
from railroad station, 10 miles from Ukiah:
i well watered and wooded; redwood, pine, tan
¦ oak. timber: a big bargain; a good chance to
1 make money.
• $900—187 acres fine redwood timber land;
I good road to It; cabin, barn; good investment.
! Fine tedwood and tan oak timber lands from
! $5 to $8 per acre in lots from 40 to 5000 acret>;
I money-making proposition; sure to double in
! value Boon; call and see the bargains we have
< in ranches of all sizes and prices.
I ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
i 507 California st.
! FARMING LANDS NOW TO THE FRONT.
j Santa Clara County — *9 acres, 30 in reslst-
! ant vines; dwelling cost $6000; price only $10,-
1 OOO; would exchange.
i Stanislaus County, near Modesto— 960 acre*
j all under irrigation; now in grain; rented; fine
land; price $3^per acre.
San Joaquin County — 962 acres reclaimed
tule land; «>50 acres planted In rye and 300 acres
rented at $8 per acre for vegetables; price $70
per acre.
We have other. lands for grazing, grain or
any other crop in good locations and at reas-
onable terms; -we invite land seekers to visit
! our office. ;
PRODUCTIVE COUNTRY HOMES.
Buy good land. ¦
10 acres, Santa Clara, $14 15 monthly.-
80 acres. Santa Crux, $2500.
Good stock ranch. $3 an acre.
0 acres. Santa Clara, $900.
10 acres. Mountain View. $1600.
00 acres, Santa Cruz Mountains, $2000.. ¦
56 acres, Santa Clara, $50 an acre.
Good manufacturing business opening. Santa
Clara.
15 acres In alfalfa, $800.
5-acre lots, redwood, $225 an acre. , -
Best property we can find for the least
"wOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
03* Market st. * ¦ .. ¦
SOME FINE DEALS — Magnificent for sani-
tarium or residence/ in Fruitvale; 8 acres;
grand laree buildings, cost about $40,000;
price *l«,00a . -
Sugar plantation In Louisiana; fine location;
facilities for 25 tons sugar daily; 975 acres
choice land.
300 acres orange land; Tulare County, near
Porterville; cheap at $30 per acre.
4S0 acres fine sugar pine; Plumas County,
near Prattvllle (stumpage at $2, worth $100,-
j 000); price of land, timber, gold and all $20,-
000. E. N. EMMONS & SON, room 4, 10th
floor Mills building.
$5500— SAWMILL, 15,000 feet capacity, near
Ukiah, with 160 acres redwood; a paying and
profitable business; for sale on account of
¦ sickpess; more land adjoining if- desired.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. 507 California.
$600— FOR Sale— In Merry colonist tract, Corte
Madera, 3-room cottage and nice barn, fruit
trees, etc.; lot R7x89. Inquire on premises or
address J. SIMS, owner, 2608 Howard st . -
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO — —
Small tPvcts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
. to • The Cotati Co., 302 California st., for
pamphlets and Information.
FOR rent or for sale; chicken ranch near
, ,'Napa; 5 acres; new house of 8 rooms, horse,
buggy, cow and chickens; new windmill;
running stream; $3500, or will sell stock at
Invoice and rent or lease ground and bulld-
lngs $200 year. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A DESCRIPTIVE catalogue, published weekly]
¦ free to 'buyers and sellers; accurately de-
scribing all classes of country property, after a
. personal Inspection, for sale and exchange by
N. P.- SICKELS, the Land Agent 6 Geary st.
PROFITABLE orange. lemon, 1 peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy-et
Santa Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON. &
. MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
EQUITY In a beautiful country home; conveni-
ent to S. F.. San Mateo Co.. for sale; $6000;
• worth double.- Box 3839, Call office.' ,•;
POULTRY and dairy ranches air kinds : xend
rtamp for free list. C. R. Wlnfleld. Petalunm.
REALE STATE TO EXCHANGE. ~
$2500 — RANCH 200 acres; oh road; ln"the"*red-
woods* west of Ukiah;. house, barn and or-
chard; 30 acres farm land, part bottom: rest
i in redwood timber; sell on easy terms or
exchange for city ; or Berkeley . property.
$3000 — 20-acre fruit farm, "with: house and
barn; 1 mile from VacavlHe; . exchange ; for
" Alameda property. .,-¦.• >
; \ ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 607 California.
', $4000 — COST $8000; good farm of 180 acre*,
stock and grain "land; 1% miles from R. R.
station; house of 6 rooms, 2 barns,' under
i fence, family orchard: 'exchange good 'fur-
nished house same value or . other ¦ property.
. . E." K. BUNCE. 1>52 - Broadway.' Oakland. - Cal.
SEWING MACHINES AND
ALL kinds bought, sold," rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 8264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. . Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.INCIDENTS OF THE SECOND ANNUAL CROSS-COUNTRY RACE OF THE OLYMPIC CLUB.
Experts have come .tp.' the .conclusion
that what kills so many; trees. in London
is not soot flakes or the want of air or tne
drought, but the sewer gas, which. attacks
the roots, bo that the tree " soon withers
and dies.
... ¦ ¦ .
N. S. Hand, the handlcapper of 113
Stockton street, recently copyrighted a
new alternating system of playing the
races that is the safest and most practi
cal ever devised. It consists in' playing
the first two selections .on handicap fig
ures, both to . win, and has -won" over
$4000 on his figures during the past 30
days at Oakland on an initial play of $10
on each selection. -Mr: Hand has a large
number of subscribers who are. playing
the system (which is the most practical
and profitable ever, devised) and. each' of
them is over $600 winner [during the past
week. Hand has decided to accept com
missions and form a pool to operate his
system at Oakland, and will explain the
same to air regular : subscribers or in
vestors in the > pool free..
jiew Alternating System.
lowing:: , .... V . ' '-. '. , •>- ...
'- '.'The • following named jockeys, : horses,
their owners ' and trainers are suspended
pending: fnvestigation ; of .; the steeplechase
races in which they have participated this
meeting: -. '• '-¦ •¦ - -• ,
' .."Jockeys— G. Ellison, D. Brazil, A.
Brantley, W. Penn, D. G.' Addy, A. John
son, H. Hayes, G. Wilson, T.^ McHugh,
J. M. Gormley, R. Slater, and J. Weber..
"Horses— Coley, Dagmar, , Bristol, • Me-
Lauren, " Fallela, Diver tlsement; W. H.
Dlxon, Miss " Ransom.",
j To-day's summary: '.; ....
First race, oelling, seven furlongi— The
Bronze Demon won, Horseshoe Tobacco second.
Aaron third. Time, 1:32. .
'V Second race,' selling.* one mile— Lady Alberta
won, ¦ Blue Ridge ' eecond.'Trebor third. • ;Tlme,
Third, race, four '.furlongs— Navaaota won,
The Don second, Wilton third. . Time, r.50. ¦-
. >- Fourth race,- George Washington handicap,
one mile and a sixteenth— Prinze Blazes won
Albert F. Dewey second, nedrlch third. Time,
1:50%. ¦„-'-¦•'••.."-•¦ ¦':--: ¦':•;: ::,-... ....... : ,., -. , .. .'.
¦;• Fifth race, handicap, six furlongs— Nobleman
won, Amlgarl second, • Pigeon Post third. Time.
1:15.- -\ '; -^.V- ' :..•¦•.;-.¦"¦---• ¦: ¦>.- ... :¦.:.-¦
¦ •• Sixth ' race, selling, i one . mile and a half — El
Ghor won, Major Mansir second, Little Elkln
third. Time, -• ..• - • ¦
Owners, Jockeys, Trainers and Horses
. Are Suspended Pending Inveati-
V -gation of' Recent Races*- - /•
NEW ORLEANS, Feb; 22.— After a full
investigation, of : the steeplechase scandal
the stewards to-day -promulgated the fol-
STEEPLECHASE SCANDAL
AT NEW OBLEAN'S TRACK
0AKLAND BACETBACk— Saturday, Feb. g,— Weather fine. Track moddy^
»335. FIRST RACE— Five furlonys; selling; maiden "h^year-olda and up: to first. »325.
' •¦- I ¦ ' ' — Betting. -
Index Hprse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. C3.
3282 Budd Wade .....111 3 8 1«31 2~n 1 n B. Schreiber Bullman 3 7-2
3200 Mildred SchulU;..107 4 .42 .In In 2 n H. I. Wilson... O'Connor . 9-5 3-2
3264 Montoya .'. 112 2 1 h 2 1 3 5 3 10 Dr. H. E. Rowell. Woods 8-5 5-2
3299 Oratossa 107 1 2n42 42 4 2 A. B Spreckels. . Blrkrth 10 lit
2026 Derby Winner.. -.109 7 6 10 6 5 5 2 5 2 W. H. Ketcheman. Jcksn SO 4O
3282 Breton ....113 6 5 10 5 10 6 8 0 10 Chlnn & Forsythe.Conley 8 tt
3289 Atnipap .........107 8 " 7 5 7 8 7 5 78 Paplnta Hoar 30 ion
.... I O U ...........109 0 8 1-8 20 8 20 8 25 C. W. Chappell-Waterby 10<j 300
' All'.. Ill B 9 9 9 3 Al Leach ;... Prior 50 80
Time— U. :24%; H. :01: %7l:0*^. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. B.
Schrelber's b.-g. by Foul Shot- or Balgowan-Marjorte. Bullman on winner won raca by
sticking to the rail. ¦ Montoya waa best an'd should have won. Woods tossed race off by
losing an acre of ground turning into stretch. Oratossa tired. Scratched — Blackthorn 112.
3330. SECOND RACE— Three and » half furlongs; two-year-olds; to first. $325.
_„ p . __- , . , . ______
Index Horse and Weight. St. ft. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3.106 High Chancellor.. .113 3 ... 3 1 2 h 1 ns Cblnn & Forsy the. Conley 4 3
(5312) Gavlota 110 6 ..."4 10 1 n" 2 SH A. B. Spreckels. .Btrkrth B 10
(3306) Adirondack .. 111 2 2n 3 1 3 1 Burns & Watrhs.Bullmn 2-8 1-2
The Fog ,...106 1 ... 1 1>$ 4 15 4 20 W. B. Sink Jr...J. r>a|y 12 5O
\ .... La Figaro ..<... 106 4 ... 5 1 9 1 5 1 J. C. Humphrey -Jackson 12 20
.... Discharged 107 5 ... 6 6 6 H. E. Rowell. .J. Woods 12 75
Time— '/i, :25;"3%f. :44. Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner. Chlnn & Forsythe's
b c. by Odd Fellow. Leonatus Mare No. 2. Gavlota was best. Chancellor, was lucky.
Adirondack has gone back some. The Fog is fagt and jvlll^do nextjlme it blows in. _^_ rwv>
:^337. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; .three-year-olds and up; to first, t-^i.'.
I I ¦ -¦ . ; . I ~ ' 7 T! j ~ . . ¦ ~~T Betting.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. , Vi. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(33f3) Wyoming a ....120 6 6 2 5 14 1 1 n Brown & C0....J. Woods 3 13-.T
2602 Irate 4' .100 32A_32.2n 2n Buf'gton & McAtee.M'Gn 100 200
.3322 Qula'll. 4 Ill 4" 8 2 2n 8h 3 1 J. M. Crane Hoar 6 8
3313 Sharp Bird, 5. ...120 1 1211. In 4h EzeH.& Lazarus. Blrkrth 7-5 3-2
! (3328) Tyranus, 3- .102 '2 5 h 6 2" 0 10 5 10 Summers & Co.. Jackson 5 16-5
' 3313 Clarando. 6 .112 7 7 10 7 8 6 3 6 3 K. M. Borchert-.J. Dary . 10 25
3816 Al«ura 4 .'.' .100 5 4 1 4 17 4 7 5 A. H. Vlvell....Troxlcr 10 12
¦3324 |Tu«s, 3 r.101 8 8 8 8 8 C. W. Chappell.Waterby 60 10t>
j Time — Y* :25%; %, :51; %, 1:18H. Good start. Won llr-t three driving. -Winner. J. G.
! Brown & Co 's b. g. by Pardee- Caprice. Only the strong ride given winner by Woods won
I the race. Irate should have scored. Too eticky for Sharp Bird, which waa also Indiscreet
ly ridden. " Tyranus ran a. good • race in going • he does not like. Clarando la an enigma.
Alzura broke down apparently. Scratched— Montana- Peeress 97, Maraschtaa 102, BlUisl«
". '_!«>._ Wing 112.. ''¦^¦'¦_ ry^^^ r^_ n: ]_^ J^' '-^.yi.-isi^-n-ri^.
3338. FOURTH RAC1>— 1% miles; Palace Hotel Handicap; 3-year-olds up; to first. $1800."
' , . — " — .. .-• - ~T~ I T~~^^! "" ~ r p — — — -— - BetUns. •
Index Home. Age. Weight.jSt. ' M. •.%. Str..* Fto.' " Orrner - and Jockey. Op. CL
SSOo" Frangible. 8...... 00 3 2 2 2 2 1 n 1 IV, T. D. Boas...W. Knapp 10 ¦ ;;¦-'«
3i]o8 Didtrot. 4......... 99 2 In In 2 1 2% J. P. Atkln Ransch 3 °-=
(32251 Janice. 4 110 4 64 62 32 36 G.B. Morris. ..O'Connor 8-5 8-5
3U21) Th«Fretter. 6....107 5 , 3 % .4 2 4 1>*4.% F. J.O-Rourke... Woods 9-2 ft
!:3327 Formero. 6 100-1' '4 1 5h 51 51 J. Hackett McGinn 8 12
3308 Black Dick/ 4. . . .106 6 5 n 3 n 6 2 -I 6 V* L. V. Bell. . . . .T. Burns 11-5 U-5
3334 Slddons. 4........ 97 8 : 8 8 • 7 8 7 10 T. H. Stevens.. Birknrth 8 .13
:<326 John-McQurk. 4.. 98 7-7171 8 8 . H. E. Rowell. ..Jackson ¦ . • • »
Time— U, :26:' %.:52: %. '1:19: mile. 1:45%: l%m. 1:58%. Good start. Won first three
driving. •-Winner.-^ F. D. Boas' ch. g. ¦ by Fonto-Mlss Nannie. Frangible .possibly -best.
II O'Connor on Janice waltedtoo long. Too sticky for' The Fretter. Black Dick- in wm«
' predicament.^ _wlU>_
I 3330.' FIFTH RACE— 1 1-16 mllaa; selling; three-year-olds and up; to flmt, <323. ".'.;•
t , ¦ , ., - .. . . ¦ -• ~ ! '¦ " ~T" ~~7~ : " .¦ " \ '. — : Betting.
! Index Horse. Age. Weight. St." .^4. : %. : Btr. . Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op.: Cl.
.3314~ Nilgar, 6.". ..'..; .M06 8 In 1 In 11 11% (Mrs. Jones A Co...O'Con 8-5 9-5
I 3305 Constable. 1 3.'. .... 97 5 : 32 312 1. 2 na Ezell & Lazarus.. Birkrth S-5 9-5
I 3327 Merops. 6 .'.103 4 8 2^53 ,31 36 F. D. Weir ..Hoar 6 *
(3322) Lodestar.a ...106 1 4 1 4 % 4 5 4 5 CKeefe & Co. ..Jackson 3" 12-5
3278 El MIdo. 6........103 2 2 1 2n 5 4 5 5 J. S. Campbell... J. Daly 10 12
I 8298 Billy Lyons. 4.... 108 « * 6 6 6 40 « 100 6 100 J. B. Bortano..A! Kelly SO 50
I JS318 Qeo. Dewey, 4....IO1I 7 7 -.T.-.Tt . 7 Miss F. Reed... .Hughe* 60 200
' Time-^-Vi, :26; H. rt>3; «4, 1:20; mlle,'l:47%i 1 l-16m, 1:54. Cood start. Won easily. Sec
f'- ond and third driving. Winner.' Mrs. P.. E. Jones •& Co-'s b..g. by I3llngton-Joy. NHgar
I improved a trifle or so. ' Constable had race won when Blrkenruth went down in the deep
' going again. .. Merops will . do next time. - Lodestar hard to guess. El Mlda had speed.
I- 8340." SIXTH RACE— Six* furlongs; lelHng: four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
j..-.': ;•'): ..s.; - '. ¦ ¦ . ... " ¦ ¦ - ' ¦ .. ' . "¦.¦ . ' ' . I Betting..
• Index Horse. , Age. Weight. St.' ft.' '94. Str. ' Fin. .Owner and Jockey. Op: Cl.
'3292 Tlburon, " a. '.....'. 109 -3" 3 n. 8 1 ' 2Hj' 1 h •¦' Egbert ; & Co. ..O'Connor 6 7-2
3327' Galanthus, 4.,.. ..106 6 43 2 n .3 1 2 5 J. Coffey Blrkenruth 4 4
i 3308 Horton, C... ...... 112 4 ;i 6 8 ~"4 2 42 3 6 J. McGovern.... Jackson 4- 4
. 3311 Gusto, 5. ...... ...112 2 1 2 . 1 n 1 h 4 n P. Howley ..Ransch S-5 2
-3316 Educate. 4...... ..104 1 .,2 1 5 1 5 2 5 2 W. E. Cottcn..:...Hoar 6 8
'•8315 Grafter. 4..... ...106 5 ' l 5 1 • 6 100 6 75 - 6 75 L. A. Blaainffam.-McGln 5 6
i 1428 The; Elk. 4. ...... ..Ill T '.--. 7 »0 7 10.7 10 7 10 Mrs. LandJberg-.Naxvaez 30 100
'l501 Fonsovannah," a..lO9 8 . 8: 8 8. 8 ' D.Halllday....H. -Smith . 50 .2O .
j 2901 King' a Pal, 5.:... 100 0 Pulled up ...... Ted -Hayes. L... W.Daly 50 100
Time— tt;\ :25%; .%; :51V4; ? %,*1:13. -Good start. Won tint three driving. Winner. Eg-,,
»,bert &,Co.'b b. g. byFrlar Tuck-Lulu B. Winner received .-best 'ride. Jackson on Horton
' arrived too late. . Going too holding ' for Gusto. . Grafter absent ' at roll call. Scratched— •
': • Young ; Morrtlo 112, Fine Shot. 109.-.;. - .-»••• , ,.-.,.. - . ¦
-In the betting. Rector is 3 to 1, Beacon
and Flying Fox 4, Luxor 5, Sisquoc 6 and
Roman Athlete, Tralee Boy.- War Eagle,
A. J. Martin. Homer Boy, Game Boy and
Fontenoy 8 to L - , ¦ ¦;..
Fontenqy was one of the surprises yes
terday, beating Narcissus at 5 to 3. There
were comparatively few upsets, the long
est priced dog to win being at 3 to 1. This
was Rural Artist, which sent Charta to
her kennel. • • .
In addition to the remaining rounds of
the big stakes there will be a consolation
stake to-day for dogs beaten in the first
round of the California plate. A large
attendance is expected, owing to the
strong card offered and the high class
of the greyhounds in the running. -•.
The results of yesterday's coursing,
with Judge John Grace' s official scores ,
follow:
California plate— H. H. Gray's Rona beat T.
Hall's Clara -Barton, 6-0; 'A. R. Curtis' Rector
beat J. L.R0S8' Loyal Lad, 5-2; W.: H. Hlnch
man's Wild Norah beat E. Geary's Fenli, 10-5;
¦E.- Geary's Ireland beat J. H. Rosseter's Real
Aristocrat C-5; P. J. . Reill/o . Royal Union
beat H. M. Christiansen's Lovlna, -T-B: R. ;,W.
Mastlck'a ¦ Roy Hughle beat Chlarinl . Brothers'
Sempronlus, >p-6; G. • Sharman' s Little Slater
beat D. J.. Healey' s Tapioca, 8-2;-J.H.,Ros
seter's Rural Artist beat A: R. Curtis' Charta,
5-2; ¦ J. " H. Roeseter's Roman Athlete ¦ beat E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey, 6-0; H. W.' Rike'». Jin
gle Bells beat J.H. Hal ton's Fiery Face. 6-3 >
D. J. Healey's Blsquoc beat T. J. Mclnerney's.
Annie Hall, 4-0; T. J. ; Cronin's Tralee Boy
beat D. J. i Healey'a ' Elista, ¦: 5-0; ' F.- J. v Sims'
Merrlmac beat C. ¦ O.' Peterson's , Silver Cloud,
8-4- ¦ F.^ J.' Sims'.' A.' J. Martin beat" I. F. Hal
ton's Fannie Hughie, 6-1 ;• A.- R. Curtis' War.
JEagle beat A. . J. - Vanderwhlte'a : Flora" McDon-
In the California plate stake the Cur
tis' kennel representatives seem much the
best. In Rector, Beacon, Luxor and Fly
ing Fox the Santa Clara . coursing man
has a auartet hard < to beat. They all
showed great speed yesterday and ;ar<>
expected to be fighting for the big end
of-the Btake this afternoon.
The best of the other three and the
stake favorite is W. Raught's Silver
Heels. She coursed her hares like a vet
eran and showed a world of speed.
-A number of the entries showed their
inexperience, ¦ apparently not knowing
what was expected of them when they
were sent In pursuit of the hare. In the
betting in the long-odds book Silver Heels
is at 3 to 5, Missouri 2 to 1, Spencer 3 to 1,
Una, Topsy Turvey and John McKenna
5 to t . - •
D. J. Healey's young, greyhounds by
Erain Pasha-Maggie N swept everything
before them at Union Coursing Park yes
terday in the first two rounds of the
Belle Brandon cup >stake. Emin Pasha's
progeny have always been noted for their
extreme speed when young, and the Pet
aluma saplings proved no exception to the
rule. Of the eight dogs left in the stake
Mr. Healey owns five. ' ' ¦ • ¦ ¦ > - •
Defeat All Opponents at
Union Coursing
Fark.
-From the outset it .was a severe day on ,
favorites,: Nilgar being the only one to be j
encased - with brackets. In the, third
number McGinn came ywithln a neck of
beating Wyoming :,with (the 300 to 1 shot
Irate. - ¦ J - .- • ' •¦¦-.¦ ¦ [ ¦ • : ¦ ¦ - . ¦ s ,
¦>; In the introductory sprint at flve fur
longB Budd: Wade,: Imp.: Mildred Schultz
and Montoyo | finished . three necks on the |
post in . the ! order : named. While • Mildred
Bchultz. . the; favorite, '-with; O'Connor up, J
and Montoyo were fighting, it out in tne "
center 1 of the track; Bullman, with Budd
Wade, 'slipped along on the. rail, earning;
the decision. The .winner was 3V4 . to l:ln,
i;,"Longshot" Conley landed ¦¦ High Chan- •
cellor •. winner ' of the • two-year-old dash }
in'a nose finish. with 1 Gaviota, ridden: by i
Blrkenruth. The Fog, .a 50 to 1 shot, for i
a time looked like. the money, but the last
sixteenth : saw • him fado ¦•.. away. . Gavlota |-
came ; from * the ; rear . and ? it looked ! as • if :
she could have , won with , an even break. |
Adirondack, the 1 to 2 favorite, apparently i
a trifle stale,' finished thlrd.v ;-.-, ?. . i
" The going ; seemed too sticky for- Sharp !.
Bird, : favorite for : the six-furlong sprint. .
Irate ran him to a standstill ¦ and was in !
turn defeated, by Wyoming, second choice
inthe betting. v Quiz ill. was third. .,
t Nilgar displayed Improvement : by lead-
Ing from start, to flnlsh.in.the mile and a
sixteenth 1 selling affair. Constable,* equal
favorite in the betting with the winner,
was. kept .busy 'nosing out Merops for !
place honors.;,.." 1 " •¦>,•..;.-.."¦• . ¦ ¦ ij
O'Connor on * TIburon, a;6 . to^l chance,\ .
playedito 3%. came in ahead s of his com
pany in the closing sprint. Galanthus lost
out by.' only a 'head and Horton secured
the show.'. Gusto, the favorite,. tired after
shaping out the pace.
On occasions of. this, kind associations
always furnish some .highly ¦ spiced, de
lectable morsel, and . the Palace Hotel
handicap, at E one j and aji eighth miles,
valued at $2000, happened to be the offer
ing. Eight started for the prise. -and
Frangible. "a 00-pounder arid 10 , to 1 in the
totting, . gathered all the laurels. The
outsider was ridden by Willie ' Knapp, a
youthful prodigy in his 'line, just about
aa big as a Huinboldt potato ¦. and weigh
ing; no | more than. a harness dresser's
sponge. . , • - ' *'
Janice, owned" by Green ' Morris and
piloted by Winnie O'Connor, ruled favor
ite for the race,. with Black Dick, the en
try of h. V. Bell, second choice. Owing
to the condition of the. track, the odds
about Frangible fell; from 10 to 6. Dick
Dwyer made one of his prettiest starts at
the post and Diderot and Frangible sailed
away, in the lead. Diderot tired about the
time a mile had been traversed and Fran
gible, swerving : somewhat, but forging
ahead, won by more than two lengths. It
looked -' as If O'Connor, on Janice waited
too leng before making his move,' but this
may be a fallacy. 'He got up in time to
take the show. Black' Dick showed con
clusively that he is no mud horse. Ransch,
who rode Diderot, claimed a foul against
the winner. It was not allowed. .
TO be sure, there was no Une-up
nor rbllcall, but without exag
geration the big holiday gather
ing at Oakland track yesterday
appeared quite as large if not
overshadowing the vast crowd which wit
nessed the deciding of the Burns handi
cap on the Saturday previous. While a
bit foreboding, the weather was pleasant,
'but the track was far from being what
was dedlred.'. It had drained surprisingly
well, though, being classed as sticky and
holding/instead of sloppy. The betting
ring, was jammed with j people and \ the
grand stand wQre a gala look, the hun
dreds of femininity being attired accord
ing to fashion's latest . decree, while the
verandas ¦'. of . the " clubhouse were dotted
here and there .with .interested coteries
of society people.'- Everything passed off
without accident of any kind to mar the
sport, even the overenthuslasfic forgetting
to register by signal or gesture any kind
of objection with the judges over any of
the close finishes. •
THCE OALLi' S RAOINa FORM OHA.R.T
HEALEY HOUNDS
ARE WONDERS
The contestants and the time they re
quired to run the distance are as follows:
the heats, as the Oakland boys were no
match for the local athletes. Owing to
Garcia's mistake, however, the average
time made by the Olympic racers was but
-little better than that of their opponents.
The average time made by the Olympic
Club men was 24:48 3-5, and that of the
High School runners was 24:50 1-5.
Th© athletes started on their- long run
yesterday from the panhandle, near Baker
street. They then took, the , main drive to
the south park road, thence around the
deer park, regaining the main drive, along
which they ran to the panhandle, the fin
ishing point being at the Ashbury avenue
entrance to the park.
: z — *
The appropriation for the careof Grant's
tomb for 1802 is $3000.
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S RAGING AT OAKLAND TRACK
J. H. Pond, - Norton Wilcox and -William
Mackie. timers; A. Pape, . starter; Sid Cavlll
and DeWI tt Van Court, marshals, and J. F.
'Sturdivant, clerk of course. •¦> - -
Second- round — Una beat -Wing W|nw, 0-6;
Don't Know beat Major Mason. 28-0; Missouri
beat Cosette, 5-0; Virginia beat Topsy Turvy
16-5; Silver. Heels beat Creswlck, 10-2; Can't
Tell beat Chilly Knight, 16-2: John McKenna
bsat 1 Daisy D. 5-3: Spencer beat May Morn
ing. 12-2. . . .-. • • , ¦
Belle Brandon challenge cua stake— J. Con
nolly's Wing Wing beat - George A. Starr's
Step On, 6-2; E. Geary's Una beat A. J. Van
derwhlte'a May Not, 14-7; G. Malcolm's Major
Mason beat F, . Schou's Nones, 8-1; J. Sheri
dan's Don't Know beat J.- Connolly's Humming
Blrl, 10-4; D. J. Healey'a Missouri beat Dr. F.
P. Clark's Phosphorus, 6-5; D. J. Healey's
Virginia beat Chiarini Bros.' Palmwood,- 4-0;
Chlarinl Bros,' Cosette beat J. H. RSsseter'a
Royal Acclaim, 28-0; J. J. Maloney's Topsy
Turvy beat T. Hall's Young McGregor, 3-2:
J. L. Ross' Creawlck beat J. J. Keenan's
Fancy Not, 12-6; W. Raurht's Silver Heels
beat F. Schou's Eonlc, 5:2-0: D. J.' Healey's
Can't Tell beat J. J. Keenan's Proctor Not.
26-0; Sterl & Knowles 1 Chilly Knight >a % bye.
Concord Boy withdrawn; G.,Nethercott's Daisy
D beat R. Prlnffle'H Attomax, 23-6:' J. H. Ros-'
Biter's (names) May Morning beat P. M.'Cur
tis' Quito, 7-0; -O..J. Healey's John McKenna
beat; G. Nethercott's -¦ Pocotala: 10-0; D. J.
Healey's Spencer beat Dr. F. P. Clark's Maid
of Terminus, 6-4. '¦'¦
aid, 7-5; Sterl Sz Knowles*. Cold Shivers beat
G. Van Bergen' s America, 6-1; T. J. Mcjner
ney's Norah a bye, Aeolus withdrawn; A. R.
Curtis' Flying Fox beat F. A. Cushlng's Reck
less Admirer, 10-2; A. R. Curtis' Anchor beat
J. H. Ros8eter's Rocker, 5-0: J. H. IRosseter'a
Regal Attire beat R. K. Malcolm's Fine Fire.
5-4; J. H. Rosseter's Real Article beat- J.L.
Ross' Mayflower, 8-2 :' Chiarlnl • Brothers' Tame
Tralee beat J. D. Erskine's Leola. • 7-0;- G.
Sharman' s Firm Fellow beat A. J. Vander
white'a Lear Ktng,- 10-5; S. Handy's Liberator
beat C. C. Grlswold's Lost Chord, 6-4; E. Ca»
serly's Harlean Gladys beat F. Jones' Wedge
wood, 10-8; A. R. Curtis' I Beacon beat E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha, 6-2; O. Zahl's Homer
Boy beat T. J. Cronin's Vandal. 7-6: J. L.
Ross' Game Boy beat Sterl & Knowles' Freeze
Out. 4-1; J..H. Rosseter's Royal Archer beat
Chiarlnl Brothers' White Hat, 1W; Chlartni
Brothers* Santonin beat D. J. Healey's Tlbu
ron, 0-5; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat G. Nether
cott's Freda C, 5-3: J. L. Rosa' Fontenoy beat
A. R. Curtis' Narcissus, 3-0.
F. Ferem, O. C.I. 23:59
George Backus, O. H. S... 2G:10 '
Everett Smith. 6. C. 23:40
Clarke Sullivan. O. H. S 23:59
H. Templeman, O. C. ............ .... 24:26% .
Alfred Norton, 0. H. S.. 25:22
Reg. Clifford, <p. C...;... :..'.... 24:50
George Land, O. H. S ..25:39*4
Wilson Lundy, Q. H. S 23:01
W. Garcia. O. C 27:02 .
The race was under the direction of the
following officials:
William Greer Harrison, referee; John El
liott, William Mackie and Dave Brown, Judges;
Round 13— McGovern rushed, putting left to
the body.- McGovern put left to the nose and
landed a series of rights and lefts on the
Jaw. finishing with two swings to the body.
McGovern put right to the body and Sullivan
put a straight left to the face. Sullivan upper
cut McGovern with right and the men clinched.
McGovern put right to the nose and right to
the body. Sullivan put left to the ribs. Both
men missed right and left swings and Mc-
Govern put right to the Jaw. Sulll van _flgh ting
on the defensive. Sullivan put right hook to
the Jaw and received right swing on the mouth.
McGovern put. hard right on the ear and they
clinched -and wrestled at the eJose. Both were
tired and fought slowly throughout the round.
Round 14 — Sullivan sent left hard to Mc-
Govera'» chin, followed with a straight left
to the mouth twice. McGovern put left hook
to the face and a clinch followed. Sullivan
put left to the body and McGovern slipped and
fell to his knees as he tried' to come in on
Sullivan. He was up in an instant. Sullivan
put right to mouth and' McGovern drove his
right to the ribs. Sullivan put left straight
on the nose and followed it with right and left
*wlng and McGovern tried to counter. Mc-
Govern put hard right on Sullivan's* ear. bring
ing blood in a stream. McGovern put heavy
right and left to the Jaw, following It with a
(torn) of blows to the ear and neck and the
Jaw that made Sullivan hang on for dear life.
During the round Eharkey coacher; Sullivan
audibly and Referee Fltzsimmons shouted,
"Keep still there, Thomas."
1 Round 15— McGovern missed • a left swing
for the body and received a left on neck. Mc-
Govtrn rushed but was blocked. McGovern
ruehed again, putting his right to the Jaw
and backing Sullivan to the ropes. McGcvern
put two lefts to the face. ¦ but they were weak
end lacked, steam. 7 McGovern put left and
right to the face, staggering Sullivan badly.
McGovern planted two lefts and a right on the
Jaw. sending Sullivan half across the . ring.
Sullivan tired . and holding " on. - McGovern •
knocked Sullivan down for. the count.' •-*.--.¦¦
the Jaw, but got a left swing on the neck in
return. McGovern put a vicious right to Sul»
llvan's Jaw. staggering him. McGovern swung
heavily with his right on Sullivan's Jaw.
Referee Separates the Men.
Round 12— McGovern ewung wild with right
and the men clinched. McGovern pounded Sul
livan's bad ear with his right. The men
clinched - and McGovern hit the ear again.
Bulllvan backed around the ring. McGovern
following closely, attempting to land on Sul
livan's ear, but Sullivan blocked every, blow.
McGovern landed hard left on Sullivan's Jaw
and wrestled him to the ropes. Terry put
a straight left on Sullivan's mouth and got a
straight left from Sullivan. Sullivan put. a
left book to the Jaw. A series of mixups fol
lowed, the men being separated repeatedly by
the referee. Sullivan uppercut with right and
got a bad left on the Jaw at the finish of the
round.
TEN Btrong-limbed, long-winded
athletes wearing 1 the ¦winged "O"
of the Olympic Club" and the em
blem of the Oakland High School
ran four miles over the muddy,
sloppy roads of Golden Gate Park yes
terday morning.
¦ "When the time made by the contestants
was footed up it was found victory had
perched on the banners of the Olympic
Club. - Its athletes won- the race by just
eight seconds, j and would have won ' by
eight 'minutes had not Garcia, the speed
iest distance man of the club, rah three
fourths of a mile off the prescribed'epurse.
The occasion was the annual Olympic
Club cross-country road race for. a~ cup,
which must be won three times before
becoming the property of any one compet
ing team. Last year it was won by Oak
land High School. Yesterday's race was
not an exciting affair owing -to the small
number of entries. It attracted a large
attendance of spectators. The weather
conditions were perfect, but the heavy
rains of the last few days put the roads
in such a condition that fast time was
impossible. L>undy of Oakland High
School, who ran the course in 23:01, made
the fastest time and won the medal of
fered by the Olympic Club for that
achievement. He ran against Garcia, the
Olympic crack, and would have been beat
en by him had the latter not mistaken the
road. When Garcia took the wrong road
he was fuly three-eighths of a mile ahead
of Lundy. /
There were no close finishes in any of
Most of the prominent trapshooters oC
the city were on hand to show that they
had lost none of their old-time skill.
Feudner, Halght. Nauman, Sweeney and
Donohoe all did excellent 1 work'.- In fact
only a small number of pigeons escaped
during the afternoon. The birds were not
as active as they should have been, how
ever, and most of them took flight rather
slowly. The day's scores are aa follows:
Twelve-bird race for cash prize:
Feudner 2211122'w — 7
Halght 112 2 2223221 2—12
i Nauman 12211211111 2—12
Sweeney ". 111S1211011 2—11
Rosenberg 12 2 13 2 2 2 10 2 1— It
Derby 122122. 22122 1 — 13 •
Donohoe ,....11122232 2 21 0—11
Jackson 1 2 2 1 2 12 2 0 w — 8
McMurchy 022 2 1121121 1— U
Russell 11222 2 1221 1' 2-12
Slads 12111112211 2— 12
Ten-bird race for cash prize: „ . „ ' ...
Feudner 112 2 2 2 2 12 2 — !•>
3& • v.v:.-.vr.-.v.-. i \ Vftffll I- ?
jfe.:.\\\\":::vr»Si3ii?lfc!
ifJSS.;::::::::::::: . | ? § | H 1 1 1=^
Slx-blrd race for cash prlw:
Hudson 1 1 2 1 1 1— 0
Buhne HjIICb
Jackson 12 1-11—6
Slade . 1 • W 1
HuS-ii 2 91011-1
McMurchy \ \ \ ; 0 1- 5
Derby • 2 . - 3 1 -— t>
Miss and out nine-bird race: - «, „ « a
Feudner § -r'^Jji™ }J
KhV:::::.". 211211320-0
Six-bird race, open pool: • „
McMurchy •• •• \\ \ \ ~ £*
Feudner * i Z » i «\
Halght >•-. • * \ x J t »~1
Nauman - - £ * % % ?~™
McCutcben .••• * 2,?55 feg
TVmnhne •• * 1 * * 3 — •*
Donohoe •••••••; J, 10 2 12 1-5
Russell' "".... ..'¦ * 1112 1-r.
Sweeney J - * f - jT?.
SYn, .:::::::::::.::...' 221200-4
SU-blrd race. ODen cool: '
McMurchy -i.fiH^
Feudner : V '- T ti
Nauman ....>..... 1 - 1 1 2 Z—t,
Donohoe •-• S«H 2 l~%
Derby -•••• 2 2 2 10 2— o
Sweeney .. >J 2 12 2— «
Buhne O 2 2 XX 1—5
McCutchen 12 2 1 11—0
Wicker ."...... 2 0 2 • 1 I— -t
Russell 0 112 1 1-5
Shields Ill 11 2— <*
Six-bird race. o»en pool: .' ' .
Donohoe ?H?»|Z5
Nauman -— ••••• 112 12 • — H
Shields • 1 ° l 3 J •«-*
McMurchy 2 0 2 11 0—4
Derby ••• 1 0 2 11 2—5
McCutchen I 1 1 1 1 1— «
Sweeney 1 1111 1— «
Wicker ............ ...i .-• 0 0 2 0 0 0— I
Kuehn ..; - 0 0 0 0 1 O— 1
A large number of shotgun experts wero
present yesterday at the opening of th©
trapshooting season at Ingleslde. The con
tests were conducted under the auspices of
the Golden Gate Gun Club, and cona.sted
entirely of live bird matches. Tho blue
rock shooting commences to-day. .
Round R— McGovern led with Mt tor face,
but was blocked. He staggered Sullivan with
a left and then steered him in the opposite
comer with a right, both blows! being to the
law McGovern led for the body, but was
backed and Sullivan clinched McGovern up
r,«r<-iit with left and put right to Jaw. bum
vln put r^bt W §ody. but got left on the face
¦i return They clinched and were pulled
• part by the referee. Sullivan, on the break-
Of p^und rO »-McGovem rushed, landing left and
right on face. In the b «? k %^ cl^ eh pU JLt
h*avy right on the body. In th« 'Clinch that
followed McGovern received a hard Bhort-arm
jolt in the chin from Sullivan-. jMeOw
*rn landed a hard straight right, "taggering
Sullivan, and followed "rwlth a left onthe
Lad eye McGovern rushed again. PJJ"*"* *
heavy rwln* on Sullivan'* mouth. A clinch
Jollowed. Sullivan uppercuttlng with right on
the chlii in the breakaway. McCorcm P«t
Wt to Jaw and Sullivan clinched, uppercuttlng
with his right and putting a heavy left Jolt
en the body as they broke. The men e inched,
ar.d a* the referee broke them Sullivan got a
straight left on the nose. -
Round 10— McGovern put left to **«*»!'
and sot a eirnllar one In return. McGovern
landed left on mouth and ewung right pretty
low, Sullivan appealing to the reieree. bui
livan landed straight left on the nose. Bending
right to the body ac he clinched. McGovera
Rwung twice with left for the Jaw. •but was
blocked both times: McGovern put right up
percst on the chin and left swing on the ear
trnd the men clinched all around the ring. Sul
livan put left to mouth without a return. Me
<iovern rushed, putting right on neck, sending
Sullivan's head back immediately after with a
lett on the chin. Tba men clinched. Sullli'an
landing an uppercut on the chin In the «reaK
«way. Sullivan's left ear was split and bleed
in* us he went to his corner. . , ,» ..
Round 11 — McGovern rushed, putting left to
the ribs. Sullivan put right to the body and
McGovern put left on Sullivan'* bad eye. They
'! Inched. Sullivan getting In an uppercut on
Die Jaw. McGovern staggered Sullivan with a
right on the neck and floored him with a , left
on the Jaw. The referee stopped the fight and
wiped the gloves of both men. McGovern put
right on Sullivan's ear and left on the Jaw
and cent him reeling with a right awing to
the Jar/. Sullivan landed a straight ' left on
Sullivan's Eye Nearly Closed.
Round 5 — Sullivan put left to Jaw and pot
right on neck in return. McGovern bored In.
putting left and rigbt to neck. Sullivan put
left to face. They clinched, McGovern ap
pealing to referee to make Sullivan break. Sul
livan put left to face and right to ear. Sulli
van landed etiflt left on Jaw, pushing MeGovern
back. McGovern swung wildly, missing Sulli
van by six Inches. Sullivan put left to face
and right to body. Sullivan staggered McGov
ern with right on Jaw. Sullivan pushed Mc-
Ocvern to the ropes, landing rights and lefts.
McOovern was groggy. McGovern staggered
Sullivan with left and right to the Jaw. A hot
mix up followed both fighting wildly and both
being tired. This was Sulliran'a round.
Round 6 — Sullivan came out of his corner
determined to finish McGovern. II possible. He
rushed McGlovern to th» ropes, both landing
light Mows to body. Sullivan put two lefts
to the face and got hard right on the Jaw which
staggered him. McGovern landed a left swing
on the ear repeating immediately. McGovern
landed hard left on Jaw, Sullivan retaliating
with right. Terry put left and right to Jaw
end got Ftralgrht left on mouth. McGovern
landed left on body and right on Jaw. and a
olln-h followed. McGovern poKed Sullivan's
hr-ad with a right and left ewing. McGovern
landed left on Sullivan's mouth, starting a lew
drops of blood. -•„.
Round 7— McGovern niehed and Sullivan
clinched. Both men were tired. Sullivan put
right to the Jaw end right to th« body stop
ping McGovern. McGovern landed left and
right on Jaw, sending Sullivan to ropes, and
landed right on Jaw as Sullivan cam* up. Sul
livan clinched. McGovern landed left . !£»«**.
but his right for body was blocked. McGovern
pot left to face and right to Jaw Salllvaa wa«
bleeding freely from mouth. BulUvan upper
rut on the chin with right t»tw"| sent back
ward by a eeries of short-arm hooks. Mc
<£«rn swan* left but was blocked. Sullivan
clinched as the bell ran*;. •
Round 3 — McGovern put left to fa.ce twice,
Sullivan swinging right and left to body. Mc-
Govern rushed Sullivan to the ropes and Sulll
ven clinched. McGovern pot hard left on Jaw
and put right and left on Sullivan' a Ja* In
return. Sullivan put two lefts on the body and
a hard rijrht on the ear. They clinched. Mc-
Govern put Sullivan to the ropes. McGovern
put two Jefts to body. Sullivan landing two
rights on the face. McGovern landed hard right
on neck and Sullivan clinched. Sullivan upper
cut McGovern with right and swung left to
neck. The men clinched and In breakaway
Sullivan got two hard rights to McGovern's
neck. Sullivan was fighting stronger at the
end of the round.
'¦r^ ~- IttcGrovern Seems Tired.
Round 4 — McGovern put light left to body.
Sullivan landed left to jaw and right to chest.
Men clinched, McGovern punching while they
held, amid cries of "foul." McGovern put left
to chest. McGovern ewung right and left wild.
Sullivan landing right swing on ear. McGov
«rn got right and left on Jaw. Sullivan upper
cut McGovern en Jaw and landed hard on
chest. McGovern staggered by a left on the
neck. Sullivan landed left on mouth, right on
car and left on mouth without a return. Mc-
Govern seemed tired at the dose.
Round 2 — McGovern landed left on Jaw.
Men clinched, fighting savagely with short arm
body blows. McGovern put left to mouth.
Sullivan led with left, but fell short, getting
left in stomach, and clinched, McGovern put
left to Jaw and right to body and left to nose,
staggering Sullivan to the ropes. McGovern
put left to mouth and right to ribs. Sullivan
larded left to ear and got hard body blow
¦with right. McGovern ducked left swing and
lanced successive lefts and rights on .face.
Sullivan backed away, followed by McGovern.
who put right to body and left to Jaw. Sulli
van landed right on neck.
Round 1 — McGovern led with right on the
head. Clinch followed. McGovern rushed Sul
livan to ropes. Referee had trouble separat
ing them. Sullivan holding. Sullivan landed
light left on head. Men clinched and wrestled.
Sullivan put right to face. McGovern ruehed.
landing left to face, repeating second later.
Men clinched. Eulli\'an holding. Sullivan put
hard left to mouth. Men clinched again, eul
llvan holding. McGovern landed left and right
In succession on face, staggering Sullivan. Mc-
Govern lai;d-rd hard right en the Jaw <a, gong
Bounded.
The Fi^ht by Bounds.
In the fifth round Sullivan was at his
best. He forced the fighting, especially
in the last half, and had McGovern plain
ly* in distress. The latter walked in an
unsteady fashion as he went to his cor
ner, and nothing but his splendid recu
perative powers enabled him to come out
in shape for the sixth round.
The end came when the fifteenth round
*as nearly over. McGovern had forced
Sullivan into a neutral corner. He landed
a storm of right and left swings, and.
catching Sullivan with the left square on
the Jaw, sent him down on his back. Sul
livan was up like a flash, but did not
rise from his knees. He was confused,
groggy and nearly out. Referee Fitz-
Bimmons counted nine, and as he ut
tered the last word Sullivan started to
rise, but he did not get higher than a
low crouch. The instant his knee was
off the floor McGovern was after him and
Bullivan, hardly knowing what he was
about, went down again, 'ine referee
promptly declared him out and McGovern
the victor.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. 21— Terry Mc-
Govern defeated Dave Sullivan In the
arena of the Southern Athletic Club to
xiieht in fifteen rounds of as desperate
a fight as was ever seen. From the first
tap of the gong until the end it was
slap-bang, hammer and ' tongs nearly
every second, both men working away
with all the energy they possessed.
McGovern. knowing winning- the fight
meant his position in the front ranks as
a boxer, was after his man every sec
ond. In a majority of the rounds he was
on the aggressive. Sullivan was forced
to do far more defensive work than his
opponent. The latter put up a wonderful
iiget, and was game to the core. When
the finish came he was groggy and going
last. The chances are he would not have
lusted many more rounds, even had he
risen to his feet before Fltzslmmons
counted ten.
Live Birds the Game at
Which Clever Gntmen
- Shoot.
At Only One Time Is He in
Danger of Meeting
Defeat.
All the Experts Ap
pear at Iogleside
• Grounds.
Victor Is the Aggressor
Throughout the
Battle.
FIGHT FIFTEEN
HARD ROUNDS
TRAP-SHOOTERS
OPEN SEASON
TERRY M'GOVERN WINS FROM SULLIVAN.
JTHE SAN FRANCISCO < : ALL .' SUNDAY, F I JJRU. A RY 23, I ivSisi
ATHLETIC CLUB'S DISTANCE RUNNERS
WIN THE FOUR-MILE CROSS COUNTRY RACE
35"One day. recently a swarm of bees took
possession of the letter box at Kilbride,
Ireland, and the rural postman was not
able to collect the letters.aa the new ten
ants strongly resented any interference.
Theodore Chartran, the French portrait
painter, is said to have earned more
money during his first short visit to the
United States than during 1 all the rest of
his previous career.
' The first regular; road - in ¦ the • northern '¦
half of Scotland— that is,- the portion north
of ; the ' Firth 1 of Forth— was : In s 1745.
; Doctor .William J., Bauer, who;was,re
cently '; transferred \ t rom '¦' the ,, Emergency
Hospital, to the Twenty-sixth -Street Hos
pital," is 'lying r dangerously, ill at" his resi
dence, 3152 Twenty-second street. --¦ During
the past : six ) months - the * doctor has been
engaged administering to unfortunate lep
frs: and others affected with
lseases." While > serving; these, afflicted
creatureshe contracted tuberculosis." ;Dr.
F. ; . C. , Mullcr . has ; been . assigned to his
place: _ >:; }¦¦'¦'/'-.'¦ .'¦¦' - - •"*¦"¦ '' ¦'
Doctor Bauer Seriously 111.
Levl .told the. officers that he thought
they . were footpads,' as he -had not seen
their, stars and did not want to take any
chances. -The officers- accompanied ~- h'm
back to .Franklin - street, where he "' had
dropped the satchel,: and it was recovered.
The:pursuit waskept'up till Levi; took
refuge in a grocery and saloon on the cor
ner of Eleventh and Market streets.' There
the officers 'found • him I crouched in ; abjec t
fear under the bar. They took him to^ the
City Hall police . station, - where he told
Sergeant vHarper ; his name and the loca
tion of ¦ his restaurant. The sergeant ¦ in
structedvthe officers to take Levi to- the
: restaurant, and If he was able to, open the
door ;to ;let "-, him alone. ¦ ' Levl : was ~. taken
there and • he '¦¦ quickly : satisfied them that
he was the man he represented himself to
be:'"v3.-" -.*c .•.•-••¦--.-•.>¦'•. '-.- . , ¦„-. -i.r- -a :-,<.-¦
The i officers wore their uniforms; but
owing to the rain had on their water
proofs. . Levi saw them coming . toward
him,: and not' liking .their actions turned
sharply Into Franklin street. The officers
closed in ' upon - him ¦ and he dropped the
satchel. and ran. v The officers shouted to
him to stop, but. he continued to run, and
.Lanckmandrew his revolver, and flreda
sho.t 'at the- fence surrounding a 'vacant,
lot on the northeast corner -of Page and
Franklin streets. They again called upon
Levi to halt, but he continued his flight,
and Lanckman again fired a shot :In the
air to intimidate him, but without effect. ¦
; Lev! was. on his way from his home to
the restaurant shortly after 4 o'clock, and
carried a' hand" satchel containing meat
for breakfast for his early customers. As
he was walking along Market , street, be
tween-Gough and; Franklin streets, he
was observed by Policemen Stanley and
Larickman^'They thought he was a suspi-~
clous character from the fact that he was
carrying a . hand : satchel - at that ear ly
hour of the morning.-
J. Levl, proprietor of a restaurant at 369
Hayes street,. had a narrow escape early
yesterday morning from meeting the same
fate that befell Joseph Pedro, who was
shoWand killed by Policeman Crackbon
but in the Mission some weeks ago. .
Medicos Will Banquet.
The College of Physicians and Surgeons^
of San Francisco will hold its sixth an
nual banquet on Tuesday evening next in
the maple room of the Palace Hotel. The
affair promises to surpass anything 'of .its
kind given by the graduates of the insti
tution. > . . :
Inexhaustible supplies of superior graph
ite, almost pure, and eminently suited for
pencils, are found in Siberia. *
Two Officers Fire Shots
to Intimidate
LEVI MISTAKEN
FOR A FOOTPAD
of the property reported In this paper last
week as having been sold by the same
brokers, on the south line of Brannan
street, northeast from Sixth/ for $33,800,
was Charles R. Bishop. The name Is
withheld of the purchaser of the two
water lots sold by these brokers during
the week on East street; between Howard
and Folsom. for $102,000. 5 • „' . .
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold for W. E.
Mlghell to Isaac Liebes the southeast cor
ner of Turk and Jones streets, 57:6x82:6.
with improvements, for $60,000. The deal
for the purchase of the property on the
north line of Sutter street, 137:6 feet east
from Mason, 68:9x137:6, for Charles Schles-
; The -Pacific Coast Glass Works Com
pany has \ leased- from 1 Mrs.' Ida 1 J. Moody
the ; north • corner • of • Irwln . and ; Seventh
~, L.Willard Beam has contracted -, for • the
erection of: a two-story and : attic - r and
basement' frame residence onithe south
west • corners of Fell* and Steiner ' streets,'
to cost about $17,000. • . :
-J.- B." R. Cooper'. will erect • on : the ¦ east
line of ,. Devisadero'r . street,;, north i . from
; Bush ; street, a three-story frame : build
ing, "with basement at a cost of $12,000."
• The , M. B. Mora ghan • Oyster ; Company
has contracted for the erection of a two
etory .brick building" to be used as an
oyster, depot, on the -north- line of sBran
nan street; east from Third, ; to cost;$12,
450. ; -•¦-•' -.- " ' .-. - •. ¦- v. - 'j- ' . .
The contracts for the five-story apart
ment; house to . be erected by Douglas S.
Watson, at Bush and Powell streets, in
dicate a cost of. $30,900. . .
The large building to_ie erected by
James L. - Flood ', on the ¦sTte of ", the old
Baldwin - Hotel will be . twelve ; stories
high. .The lower two floors will be fitted
up as. stores. Above will be ten floors ar
ranged for offices, of which 'there will 1 be
700 in total.: The main construction ;- will
be of light sandstone.; The main entrance
will be on Market street. ; An elegant cor
ridor will extend" through to Ellis j street.
The frontage oriTowell street will extend
the entire length of the block. • •<
The building contracts filed during. the
week just past numbered thirty and rep
resented the total of $204,422 20.
Building Progress.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. will, auction
re&lty at their rooms on Market street
next Tuesday. »' ,
J. J.- Knight has 'purchased from Hubert
H. Bancroft the northeast corner of Pa
cific avenue '< and Scott street for $25,000,
am. a lot 68x127 adjoining on the. east. •'
George A. Moore has bought the Samuel
Xaphthaly residence on Broadway for
$21,000. -r ¦ . / ¦ ;. • . . ¦ '¦,;/
Miss Mary. Bohen: has sold to Andrew
Hunker the southeast corner of Califor
nia and Franklin streets," 90:6x137:6, for
$32,500. i • --- ¦ ¦-: ' ' '
A J Rich & Co. have sold for Charles
Schlessinger the southeast corner of Sut
ter and Taylor streets, 45:10x8V8. for $50,
000. They have also sold the,50-vara oi
the southeast corner of. Vallejo and
Pierce streets for $12,500; also lot and res
idence on the- north .line of Jackson
street, west from Central avenue, the lot
being 63:9x127 ;S%, for $10.000.. The same
brokers have had eight blocks of the J.
C. Jordan tract.-in the Richmond, district,
placed in their hands for sale. They, have
sold for Thomas B.; Turner ' to : Mrs.
Rachael Searles lot 37 :6x87 :6 on the west
lino of Fillmore street, south from Val
lejo. with cottage, for $6000.
F. B. Surryhne reports 'the sale of six
fiatsT and lot 50x112 feet on the westerly
line- of Larkin between Jackson
and Pacific, for $23,500. r
Southwest corner wjf Sutter and Powell
streets with frontage of 100 feet on Sutter
and 75 feet on Powell, with frame building Im
provements.. renting for S4200per annum. ; for
Thomas Denlgan & Sons, to John Rosenfeld. for
$125,000; northeast corner' of Lombard and Tay
lor streets 137:6x132:8 feet, with frame build
ings, for the Partridge estate, to Henry E.
Bothin for $15,000; six flfty-varas, comprising
a full \Vcstern Addition block, in the northern
part of the city, west of Van Ness avenue, for
manufacturing purposes, on private terms; two
flats and lot on the east line of Franklin
street, north from Golden Gate avenue, for the
Argall estate to William Martin/ for $0000.
Recent sales have been closed by Bald
win & Howell as follows:
Prices Are Good.
singer, for $70,000, was made by the same
brokers. A profit of $20,000 was netted fon
the sellers, - who bought the last men
tioned property a few months- ago for
$50,000.
The building for C. S. Wright on the
south line of Sutter street, k 155 feet east
from Stockton, will cost about $25,000.
Flats will be erected by : Henry E.
Bothin on the southwest corner of 'Van
Ness avenue and Bay street. ' -
C. Lambert has arranged to put flats
on the west line of Capp street, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth, to cost $10,000.
Seven fiata will be erected by Mrs. Eliz»
abeth Corbett on the west line of Masonic
avenue, south from .Waller street, th«s ag
gregate cost of which will be $17,000.
. Howard C. Tibbits will build a residence
on the north line of Union street, "be
tween Devlsadero and Broderick, to cost
$5500. \ - " ¦ -, • - ' .
C. A. Malm will- erect a residence on
the southwest corner of Buchanan and
California streets.
Henry L. Middleton will build three
flats on the north line of Pacific avenue,
between Larkin and Polk streets, to cost
$10,000.
..A French apartment house will be
erected by Isadore Schwartz on the south
line of • Eddy street, - just east from
Gough, which will contain twenty-six
apartments of four and five rooms each,
the total cost being about $60,000. • •.
streets for a term of ten years for $31,000
for the term. . "
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for H.
JC. Tilden and Miles Jewett 55x82:6 feet
on the west line of Mason street. 27:6 feet
south from Ellis street, for $51,000; also
the southwest corner of Laurel street and
Pacific avenue, 30x100 feet, for $4000. and
the northeast corner of OTarrell and La
guna streets. 40x100, for $8500. The owner
Bovec. Toy & Sonntag have sold to
Harvey H. Dana 48x100 feet on the north
vest line of Mission street. S12 feet north
cast of Second street, for $50,000; also the
southeast corner of. Front and Clark
streets, with an L to Jackson street.- the
lot being 00x120 feet, with improvements
consisting of a four-story brick building
for 552.000. Two of the three lots pur
chased by the Pacific-Union Club- on the
northeast corner of Post and Stockton
streets were sold through the agency of
these, brokers. O. W. Brennan sold one
lot for $42.:-00; Martin Sachs received $120 -
o-X) for another; Arthur Rodgers for SO
feet on Post street and 46:8 feet on Stock
ton street gets $110,000.
Northeast corner of Broadway and Brod
erick street. 108:6 feet on Broadway by 137^6
*eet on Broderick etreet, account of Dr R A_
McLean, at about $38,000; for ¦William V?n
liams, water lot northeast line of Spear etreet
? :J7 ; e >- f .? et northw: e*t of Folsom street. 45:10
far 137:6 feet, for J19.000; for the California Ti
tle Insurance and Trust Company, lot on south
hne of Bay street, 75 feet east of Franklin 125
by 137 :6 feet, for $5500; for Mr«. M.P. Pratt
lot north line of Twenty-seventh street. 200
feet west*of Guerrero. 23 by 114. for $000: for
same owner, lot north line of Twenty-seventh
ro^f 1 -, 210^ 1^ e , ast of IX>lo«*». 25x114 feet, for
»Sj0; for H. G. loung, residence lot southwest
corner of Jackson and Gouph streets, 60 feet oi
Jackson street by 127:8',i feet on Goush street
for 910.S0U: for Lambert estate, lot northwest
line of Kaxonia street. «0 by 160 feet, running
through to Minna street, for $22,500; for Mar
garet McGIBfen, lot and improvements on the
southeast lins of Jessie street, 300 feet north
east of Slxtli. lot 25 by 70 feet, . for ?6O00.
Brokers Make Beports.
The following sales are reported by
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.:
The past week has been marked by
quite a number of large sales of realty,
the most- important of any that has been
made public being those involved In the
acquisition of a building site for the Pa
cific-Union Club. Others reach good fig
ures, and the week has beatenthe record
of any similar period in the annals of the
city. The rains have stimulated every
one. -Other causes have been at work to
heighten public confidence in the business
outlook for the immediate future, not the
least of which is the concerted move of
the counties of Northern California to
have their resources duly advertised and
understood., and the determination of the
overland transportation lines - to put into
effect colonist and homeseekers' rates for
passengers for the express purpose of peo
pling the vast and fruitful domain that
lies in the great region between the Sier
ras and the Coast Range Mountains.
Millions could find homes In that part of
California and nnd profit under climatic
conditions that are desirable. Coupled
with the colonist and . homeseekers 1 rates
are the efforts of the transportation lines
to advertise California in the. East, which
* r f. co .ntinuous and well directed, the re
sult being that the central part of the
State and also San. Francisco is now be
coming known in thousands of Eastern
households where ignorance before ex-
Sales Are Important.
One sign of the intention of .the land
lords to get higher rents Is supplied by
the action of the large Investment com
pany that holds the former Blythe prop
erties on Market and Geary streets and
Grant avenue. Beginning with the next
month iacreased rents will be asked for
the properties on the two streets and ave
nue mentioned. In one instance the in
crease 1b more than WOO per- month.
Speaking generally, as viewed by tenants
who talked with a Call reporter,' the in
crease amounts to something like 25 per
cent in some Instances. In others It is
greater. Some of the property is leased
for a term of years and the rent cannot
be raised during that period. Notices of
the increased rents have caused no little
talk among the former Blythe tenants.
With a period of, building activity un
oqualed in the winter season In.the'his
tory of San Francisco, with large sales In
the beginning of the year that -seem to
indicate that the total transactions of
twelve months cannot fall short of $40,003.
oOO, If, indeed, they-, do. not exceed that
mark, there Is also 'a steady Influx of
strangers and capital from the* East' into
this city, which Is surprising to local ob
servers, aware as they fully!- are'.of ; .the
great commercial and - industrial .-future
that certainly Is In store for thei metropo
lis of the Pacific Coast. While : new
buildings are going up In every section of
the city there are few eligible houses to
rent. Each structure 1s In demand when
it Is completed, and this Is true of about
every part of the city. The time of the
owners of realty to realize from . their
holdings in rents has arrived.
Realty Record for the -Week
Is Encouraging to All
the Brokers.
Large Increase Ordered
for Old Blythe
Holdings.
RENTS ADVANCE
IN THE CENTER
- ¦. ¦ ...... .:•''.¦¦.•¦¦-;
THESAF FRANCISCO UALL^ SUNDAY, FEBRUARY S3; 1902.
? • • — — — — o This Easter readiness has multiplied the store's helpfulness many fold:- NEW RIBBONS; GLOVES/ -S DRESS • o c
• •;- TAPESTRY. GOODS, LACES, STOGKINGS; CORSETS AND' COTTON STUFFS. 7 Y/: ¦ = t MEN'S^WHiTE LAUNDERED ?
PlllOW JlOOS "Isn't it nice," said, a _\v oman the other day, "that : there's at least; one"stdre = ready 'to; help us. with bur Easter buying!" Sflir*tS
In the very latest designs and A^T all > iSvefre not too early. . .Easter, is early-— five" weeks .from to-day. -Think .of the Easter sewing; to be done in .that short time. * OO ?
colorings. But don't worry. Read on,, solution is easy. \ - . ..;¦.-; V. _' t^C, ' • Good shirts, well made; every size
_ _ _ r ¦•--.'- ; . r ' V-V>.'; ¦ .~~~: ~ — ~ : — : ; — ~ : ~ — — — ; . from 14 to 17; even ro so far as to
I5Ct /-W • * f| "i ''TV- : - '' _4~+ ~ V- 'V * •*? " Hf • -V_ have all the modern improvements;
I i^CT ¦¦ "V- Q'"M| /I I Bl^i^iCC!! I T AA/lC I Ami^ Hll^Cf linca bosoms. A -better shirt than
• 1440 just here-newest thin K s out. A^lIIViS dllVt \J \ VUU \J V^VVl© Wv/lllv 1 1 i" L« 55c usually buys. :>/ f V;-
In "basket" and "scroll" patterns; , . . Sample Sweaters, 85c.
m%^mm ctc , f $im Guaranteed Taf feta $1 More Venetian Gloth, at $1. is °Lt
Of course we have tassels and _ .. . - T ; . " - ¦ , < . / <¦ better than others. An early comer
cords to finish them, and \ \ It s the same good heavy cloth we sell regularly at $1.25, which gives more It's suchia. heavy, cloth with such a fine soft texture' that we sell it just as gets the best.
FIOSS Pillows satisfaction even at that price than is ordinarily found, so what/ good thing it . fast as. we can get it. '-We lately -received some new shades 46 inches wide— Half Hose 8 U3c.
-,u u- ul • T3 lu ., . iv must be at $1.00. 24 inches wide, a rich lustrous black; 20 new pieces ready for -. — ., • ; .' •-'" D , , "«»»* °
with which to coyer.^Bythe way: We ellimr to-morrow mornine " " ' ¦ ' - $1.00 per yard. . Black or tan; a fine gauge; fast
sell such good silk floss pillows and selling to morrow morning. _. _ . Rbirh Ff/71t1tn^ H I SH '— Mftlllir \iri1ifllK H I SO colors -
for so little money that more and ¦ Printed Foulards ik. ' . New Grenadines $1.00. - u Biac& t. amines Mv°£f<-. ¦ Metmto sumngs $i.)o. Handkerchiefs, 5c.
morp women are comine here' for Good wefefit «satln finish- hpaittifni new l • . ' Ohe of the new, soft, clinging stuffs. In • One of the new stylish crepe weaves, in ?.'¦ v •• -; ! 7-^ ,
more women are, coming nere ior .Satin striped, 44 inches wide; pure silk; prettiest effects shown for spring and silk and wool, called •'metallic," because Plain white hemstitched, or col-
them ; • incS'wide thc .P°P ular colorings, 24 strong and firmly wovin; re , le P ved , witn summer; 44 inches wide. ,, . : ; it is so. bright; all the popular shades. ored border^ hemstitched.
iS^illiSch oSli JJg^liSS onll Satin hberiv Foul* ds8v. stripes; -others at 5150. _B'ack Mistral-750. Black Alpaca 50c. ° *
20-lnch ones . 5Oc—^26-lnch ones Good heavy quality. In exquisite designs; Tlrnr/J/J p/J Y7r^W/7///« fig n Zr ' - Thin and gauzy; one of the weaves that Bright jet black, a very silky finished O — — ; C
O — r : : — Z — —° every new, color; 24 .Inches wide; others at uruuuueu Kjrcnaumes J)&. be.much worn; fine pure wool; <ii goods; 40 and 44 inches wide, -0c; 54 inches . f^ 1 --_.-.-__-_«__-
O— — O 51, $125. .: . • Large, medium and small designs, bro- 'inches wide. , . .: _ wide, Jl. $1 25. $1 50. ,•-..; : AJIclSSWflrC.
KHIT " Peail de Sole 85C caded effects, seem to be taking the lead. Cobred Mislral'V^C. €>' , _. \ _, .-".9
f T . J Of good weight;, firmly woven: every Som « orthem have an appliqued figure One 'of the soft, fancy clinging mate- McCall s Easter Patterns and Fash- ,.,.,„ __¦-,„„,„„„. W/t _, 4h -,*„
I I W*\ f\ sPk t* "V%7 _f> _Vi f thread silk: in all the new colorings; an of chenille. Very striking, .and entirely rials: comes in every new color; . fine 'I ions are here. 1 bOOleiS, tspecially; Worth 75c
UllUW'l WVCIl • unusual value: 20 Inches wide; 85c. . new. Others at $1, $1 50 and up to $3 50. ; quality: 44 inches wide. > O— ' — ~ O - and 90c a Dozen at 60c.
¦ . -- . . ¦ - '__ _. '7 " • ¦ ¦ ' • ¦ ¦ '¦'¦'' 1 ' • - . - . ¦ . ¦ ' '_ ¦ .
Spring and Summer Garments. , _ff^ r 1^ _r\ _TK _f>_ W "W T \j' f| f _^q * © -_ "W "V y e -_\ /* a -t\ ' j Some are heavy, some are medium,
«- u A dc f w ear ., b^ — - 2h3i)()(i Worth Shirtwaists for Aooiil
Fine light ; women all V-T H*T H-T ? ? Vl JsWJfl. JL 4b*~S \W_ JL H JB. JU T ? %JL JSLaJ^ IV «W? JL V-T JL JiSL PL-T V* eac h that goes on them to-morrow
long for. Too early? You would . ¦ . . - • ought to bring a big response,
not say so if you saw the way women " '. *' . : -'. il* _(\ ifX _f\ ' ' But there are others:
are buying. . J^fiBHB9i " "">- Celery Holder, 15c-Fancy desigm. 6
. ir V.- % 7 4. m £. til - KA3 ___m_r\ II llfA • ' ' inches high. _
WhltC VCStS, lUC (X 12'C - , - " ¦ VJ/JBr V/ V/ • ... i Cake Stand, 25c — 10-lnch; plain, dear
Lace finished, low necks, no sleeves. 1, - , ; ' _. • 7 '. _,-*.'., r»'. » j • ' t— iwr ¦ izs-j -r .« • - .. '¦- . - > ¦ . r Fruit" Bowl, 25c — Footed,. 8 inches,
15 Cent«-Women' 5 Richelieu ribbed Perfect Mlti StyllStl dtttt 0X1116 Rtgllt til ¦ tVety IVaP. IVcllStS YOU Couldn't expect better shirt-WaiSt neWS three months from glass: new fancy shape
Vests, blue or ecru, low necks and no r» - j , hu j \A 1 ¦• . - r /- J c j j V -i en ' : Pr™»* Bowl, 20o— Footed, 8 inches.
•>5 8le St— snk vests finest Andean Renowned for Their Fit and ; Making . So Good now:^p^eadge^sickrefu^;^^ • __^. ¦gs-jSfs^.^^. new . faacy
w^ffi^^^JlinU- Thjt Only Two High-Class Stores m City: _ / Shirt Waists at 45C. -S«T^^* ded
wack: lons:orshortElee ' e8>P - nk ' whlt8 ' (BiSldeS Ourselves) Sell Them. . . : ; In this lot are fine percales, some with tucked fronts, others plain: some slrry no,vi«, i5c-«-inch; fancy de-
' — ¦ — — have stock collars, all have new soft cuffs. Pink, blue and black the chief colors. Fr^i laule«. soc do..-5-hich .ize;
the neck a^d down the front. q Two-thirds the price: . ¦ V SHl T t WaiStS at 7^C. i fSiSS InSie^SOc do«^Waeh — ;_
0 u ¦ P TT X ° In the Prevailing stripes and plain colors^even many new cham- Among them are linens and Madras, ginghams; all made wkh stock collars.' v S I SHo^ce le ' * s *- a " dted - :
II •< !>• vJiOVCS. bray effects, as well : as hosts of linen color ones. Popular Cliffs; .soft cuffs; some plain, others with tucks. Solid colors and stripes. ¦ with glass 3t'oppem. 20c.
- — — : „ — ¦¦ new collars; two styles chiefly— the stpek with tie attached or fiCf Fflrh *fci AC T^ftrVl .«> t
Good Gloves fora Doiar. , ., ,, ' «¦ -'¦'¦ ¦'.'¦¦ i. -i 1 Vo^ L«aCllt if^^P v^" # 4i> JL-.CICI1. •-» . _. C . T/V \
__booa_^oye^or^_uo_m^_ top . col i ar effectj where lace or embroidery, hangs ppi^ 8tock '.^"^ Maa^l^nen, chiefly, wMte tin 1±
A n t ew 0 B c hS. over=eam Klove ' stapleand over in many prett^designs. Every good material— . ffffXWKTX wm. W n w^ .». TtlCKeU LjQltS
So good a glove women come '/ Hew Ginghams, ¦', Silk-and-Linsn, ' * Percales, and Bizes; white lawns., *Pl*05 t3Cn. • o-
back for them again and a^ain. They - ' Madras.. White Lawns, P.'ques, $ I "> WZ F* a r Vl Fine siik-and-iinen waists, collars of soft Ma- irrJrt^*<i
tell US thev' didn't know they could _-. ' ,. . , ,- • • ., ¦• . ' >l-''ii" _' • ' • *. it. ' ' ¦•k»»-^O ¦— <CIV1I» dras made plain, others tucked, pleated. — — — — — — — — ——--• ——-• — —
LJf ,«-h catUfaT-tJnn iSn-Hnii-ir Qualities and styles, to every appearance, that won't be cheaper even at the . S some with pointed sailor collars. u P to the ff ew • Values uo to 50c
get such satisfaction in dollar Roves, ~ . , ' Here if is at the beginning of spring before the city has be- Lawns, linens, Madras and chambrays - in time of writing we have not found every size " 8 ¦ ratuss up io ovc.
that they fit and W«ar for all the < enG ° • s " . m el \ : ..\ re Jt 1S . al W\P. eginnrng oi spr 11 '* uc '^™ ulJ " dsuc fancy stripes, soft stylish collars and cuffs, . ,ln-this lot. but there is a good assortment ZZZ
wor'4 like higher-priced ones. In gun to think of cotton waists. - Women, it s your opportunity! _ . ¦ , plain and fancy; white lawn. . •, of colon,. ,- 300, every size, all finely tucked, set
fact, they shouldn't be judged by the '. £ r_r\_'' _-**, \ •• — ~ ~ — off with white silk stitching, finished
ordinary dollar standard. ¦ ., . ' "" ; ,. r |^V« pk OpJICnii r «~^ ' _' ' '' _ Ft* '1* t+ "m r • , -\*.* ! - • ' n front with a dip buckle, oxidized
We see that more goes into ;them ,. 1 llv l\tClO\/II 4 , 7. r^|51|^|^' | f£|TT»P*T£l \A/51^Cl"C CiO A WW - or gold colorings.
Queer that such a trifling one should bring aboul such an important^^m^^^^ fl>^«45'^ .. .^s the most, sdrring bel£ offer we
So more must come out of them Not quite as pouchy in front as later ones will be. They were made late in , Sizes for every one to start with. ' ' ' have had for some time We
Other excellent glovesfor ?1.OO. th T f e ma^ r has to keep tliree or four months ahead of you ; H e , As big a bargain as one of the cotton waists: ?%£ " J' ou J d a Cv^Tn N« virt ° wl Tt
00^^. HaS thought he foresaw, every style-kink, yet he missed a little one-so small we -They are covered with tucking and hemstitching. Made from splendid taf- « Sood thfnS m thole East?rn
S- a c n i d a^ & Glove-in st yI1 sh doubt if y° u ' d noticed without we toldyon. ' . . -¦. ... .: feta: as stylish and^perfect as new waists ever are. — handy tQ market
grs&^igas'rJ"' of charge - an - |-h o CTiPt* 1^1 flOOII 9 TiTt^l^^^T I VlCTP'fi QiflO*
° I g jL^d,«wi^vJl *%;* *J KP\J-M.-m- . ' -JL J|-JI:^W1. fV IIlVl Vd^IilH o tic belts with gold or oxidized
Bleached MUSHll Easter- stvles! That's the magnet. It ? s an entirely new: ex- T)^^^' Mq/Ia s\4 DSKK/x^^ BlacVBeaded ElasUc Belts 48c_
c r on tc vond • ' -it 111-1 ixOStS ivl£IQ6 OT rviBJifOn^ The ones that pive that very 1 -
6 Cents Yard. perience to see so many new ribbons so early and so low pnce(| V"* 3^ *' 1WUV V1 ¦i\H/Uwno . i s h effect and will fit any size.
36 inches wide, a good, fine, even- made cheaper by trade condition; not cheaper by quality. Are the latest and 'prettiest ornaments for the hair. They even come with stems New Buckles 25c.
woven cloth. A better quality than Every yard is pure silk and just here from the looms. : . ¦ and leaves and buds for corsage wear. Some narrow ribbons can be fixed uo S °|o?d. C! a n eO in 3 ori!\ 3 naT" &A oxldlzed or
we usuallv «ell at OC , '. '- - — " . _*_ • : ' ' " . ... . , . ¦ . ' •"• , , . ' . ' - Another A»»ortment »t 5Oc — Plata
,c. . u ,- a — New French Plaids at 21c. . i like violets — quite clever where two shades are used. Another j style creatinz and jeweled buckles: th» latest and most
45-inch Muslin, 9c. " ~ rhiffnn TnfMa* 4'dO ' 1 inches' 29c ' ¦?, < ,v. .. - . > ._ --..._ ¦¦¦- -, ,. „ . y creating Bty iish desJpna and colorings, such as
xtr-« S^^^^*^™^- iB g«P .. -ITcnleZsMcL 4^ \ '¦ ; | much comments the "Dubarnrbow." originated by Mrs. Leslie Carter.. 8 6id. French o^zed ana
morning for' the first time. " —Fancy Crush Taffeta, 33 o. ¦'.,. , who is now playing "Dubarry" in New York. It's a pleated piece hung °~~" 1 '¦ *
|22S?SMiiI iS^^^^'^^^Sij -r the h Cad with ta, rosebuds a. either tni Sec these- (and m an y other) Vcffs Easter Pa,«r n5 and Fash/
inches. i ¦' o —8-inch Liberty Satins at 39c; navy dots and stripes on white grounds. new-style bows now. on display. We make them FREE OE CHARGE. 1 ¦ ¦ ' ¦ *ons are here. "
0 _^ J B-- r c 0 Taffeta Liberty Ribbons, 23c. Soft French Taffeta: /" o n _ T _msff
-**\ fs*rT f£>f/ /Mr _t~K Mrirkpt St.. It>s a hi S h 5 ra< 3e pure silk, satin taf- Plain centers or black woven dots, set Mflrkpt St I ffsFT /$!&/ fie/
(Z&JfflLdm /ffl siSF*^®^_75H^ lYIdlRCL OU, feta. 4 1-16 Inches wide, soft and lustrous: in an inch-wide border- all the best Mmhei 31., /&/ <3)
3&=i$f} /fiS/>4-/iF=^ Zl^^^m Near 6th, a 17 never B0ld lcss than 33c: our shades; 39c a yard. It would be 55c in the NedP 6th J^^Z?} fW /W^^ <«B?i*£
/Mr /Mf G~^^ S&g^ Opp. Golden Moire Silk Ribbons. Liberty Tissue Taffeta. Opp. Golden /M/ /m/xz^^- — —^l^^"^^
/£&/ '^ \^r V*ri\e- At/A c . pure silk, quite the thing for the 5*4 Inches, a soft crush ribbon; the Vmi\\ck At/a /&Xi/ _-< -~ -~~^_~.___Z
1_\W rtrt*^; €^(@^3P GOOi*^*^ UaiC rtVC. rcck or hair . com(?s jn br , ght sharleg; 5o shades arc exquisite; 23c a yard. Its I vOlC «Ve» J*£U m^£Z_*^~'&-O OOOZ^___^^ .
~~ '"'^ — ri ii iihw.i i mi—— 1 — ; O . O • ¦ yard. . ¦ . ¦ . regular price is 33c. .. " ' ' O O'-.-j-i*' . ., . . > i»"*^ .
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
¦ ga<s^ re ¦ •¦ i^L^y^fl'
Don't' buy ".a \|JI V r|\
poorly made, cheap ' V^-Ovift " lift
looking, suit when : . &^3^ffii"
we/ make . hi K h-. : ' , M^ILM<
class, properly tail- ¦ ' ¦ IM J|f I] -j
ored^arid^stylish^^'ia^^^Visl
suitsTO order; « WffiMw "•
ior but little' more v:-- &?-. W$ if '
, than the /'ill-fitting; ¦ ' ' JjM::-- s uM : f : './\
ready -made .. kind y ¦¦'., i..|§ j ;
costs. -^Our ¦ sQits . . M ffi .§ - 7
look right when ' / / f|j "
you- put-them on U'lr %¦ I .
and. ...hold -their- l^/'-'- $¦ I
shape to the end?- ¦'¦'• '¦.-*• 9mff/-' %%'l- -'•;
ONE DOLLAR A WEEK; ' W - |(^
, Is all you need " pay '¦ ' ' . • Ml •-•' \sis>iifch>' '
for one of our suits. '' - TT.
12®ESIIsSt.AbovePwen
f MONEY IN sTEElT^I
I The report of the United States Steel Corporation, ls*ued January 29. 1902, itatcs B
I that Its net earolngi for tbe nine months ending December SI, 1901, were . EJ
L $84,779,308.00. I
In the course of the report the titatement is made that "the" outlook for the year £j
1902 is rerr t-rlpht. Ererythicg Indicates that the facilities of tbe company will l» H .
' tared to the utmost." ,¦-¦;¦¦¦¦ • • H .
LARGER BUSINESS PREDICTED |
; The Iron Ape of N>w Xcrt. onder date of K'jrember 2Sth, says: "More Iron and El
. deel are being made and consumed in the United States than erer before, and mem- M
\ bers of the trade predict a ttill larger business the coming year." |J
™l TACOJV1 A COMPANY I
; (Steel Corporation) n
| Ees bf-un a bvMness on Fcgct sound that bids fair to rapidly grow to large pro- u
[ portion*. • It ha» aecured control, by purchase, of. the only Iron mines worthy of note In H
I the Pacific Nort"% "St. both In Washington and British Columbia. Tbe products of these H
I mines will be t.'. iioed on acowsto the company's smelters at Tacoma. • The company m
I owns 7000 acres of cokirg coal lands near Tacoma that will produce coal and coke In I
I any desired amount for consumption In smelters and furnaces.. if
F ECONOMY OF PRODUCTION 1
? Raring practically Inezhanstlhle bodies of iron and coal, with' unlimited snpply of M
timber, lime and water, combined with cheap water transportation. . there ¦ seems to be I
. no rearon why rails nnd ctmrtnral steel cannot bn produced as cheaply on this Coast Q
. as in tbe East, anaHave tbe freight charge of $12 per ton imposed for the .haul across U/
the continent. • - ' .' . K
OTHER LARGE INTERESTS |
i It nsnst be remembered, too. that* the Taroma Company has other. large Interests In . El
mining, emeltlng. lum!*r'.r.tr and nhipping, and Is now working tbe profitable "Marble i
Bay" mine on Tcxada Island' and chipping to tbe old Tacoma smelter several cargoes ¦- Eg
of copper-cold ore - weekly. • » - \ ' ' . 5
THE TACOMA "WILL RATTDLT GROW IKTO OKE OF THE BIGGEST AKD RICH- I
EST C0KP0RATI0KS ON THE CONTINENT, BECAUSE IT HAS THE EES0UECES |
AITD A CLEAK TEEXD I3T WHICH TO ' WORK. 0
-> THE KEIf COMPOSING THE TACOMA COMPANY HAVE BEEX SVCCESSFCTL IN \
at.t. T-rrn. UNDEKTAZINGS. AND IT PAT8 TO INVEST WITH SUCCESSFUL KEN. H
PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY: H
I HENET HEWITT JK., Tacoma. presl- C. W. THOMPSON, Tacoma, president "H
dent, treajmrer St. I'anl and Tacoma Lum- Montezutna Mining Company, president . I
lirr Company, president Everett National Washington Co-operatlre Mining Syndl- tfl
bt Hank, president Wilkeaoa Coal and Coke cate. ¦- • ' . . M
f Company, and larjrmt owner of timber _^ nT-nrrn ' _..-*'t-.-. t'l'm'.'i'^..''"-' H
t land? in Wartinrton. . " . ., v.^onat Bank^' Lumbermen a H.
I A. J. HAYWARD, Tacoma, capitalist *« UoM l 'Bank. . ¦ j ... |
ft and ovmer eitenrirc coal lands In Wash- J. D. M'INTYHE, Seattle, consulting H
» iogton. " '' engineer Montexnma Mining Company and [
I A. M. INGERSOLL. Tacoma. president Washington Cowjperatlre ' Mining Syndl- B
E Taroma - Elevator end Warehouse Company cate ;. confessedly the leading : mining en- Q
» and director National Bank of Commerce.. plneer of the >ortnwe»t. " . :'¦¦_•-¦-'¦ jtj
I The present holdings of , the Tia'coma Company are rained at ?4,000,000. It it'eri- fj
I dent good ralue U. behind. the company's. «tock*. - . "• ' H
I • We are authorized to offer a second : block of Tacoma Ebarea at . . f&
i 12J^ Cents CASH— 15 Cents ON INSTALLMENTS: I
H California people and others cannot afford to pass this "offering without lnTestiga- K
as Uon It meiins much to any person who vroold profit by "groond-floor" buying in a .; m
S roncern that U reaaonablr sure U. become an ImporUnt factor in the derelopment of B
g tbe West. The' reader is inrlted to call or write.. . »
I THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST CO., Selling Agents, Jl
1 820 TO 823 HAYWARD BUIL0iN6, San Francisco. J
I g Fuigifare |
I You'd never guess S£Jgs 1
1 but it Is, and a most comfortable and elegant one., too* The writing desk " i
|j combination adds to it's beauty and helps to disguise the bed. A sample «
H of two car loads of. our modern folding beds just placed on the floor; P
.'¦ mahogany, birdseye mapie and golden oak. Prices range up to $110. M
i| A double, hardwood/golden finish folding bed, made to look like a g
B> chest of drawers, easy' to handle, good woven wire matress for— $13.50 H
. i Other makes that are^comfortable and convenient for even less. s g
I 9x12 VVilton Riigs ¦ I
I Magnificient patterns of these high pile, big rugs — big enough to take the . R
I place of a carpet In most rooms, fine enough for any room. Rare Oriental H
.| ¦ and new flower and scroll patterns and the now popular two-tones - |
| In richest shades. 9x12 feet. Regularly worth 42.50, this week 29.75 ||
U A new lot of parlor and drawing room Axminster rugs. Oriental, fig" y
/ 1 ure and flower patterns in rich, lustrous, closely woven texture.". Dozens |
|.'of patterns and every' color. 2 feet 3 x 5 feet 2. Regular price of ' | CA |
H these rugs is 3.00. To introduce our new patterns they go now for ¦ ¦«" p
• H ¦¦ f " v "' ¦ • iii^" 1^^Kiwiif^ ' 8
1 "..--".The Credit House" Six Stories High. I
I Post Street. Phone Private £x. 5? J