MEN WHO ARE PERSONALLY INTERESTED IN THE OAKLAND ENQUIRER PUBLISHING COMPANY'S SUIT.
. Continued on Pago Two.
Continued on Page Seven.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 7.— Hev. James C.
Bowes, a Deii'er evangelist, was found
to-day unconsdous in West Lake Park.
He had suffered a stroke of paralysis and
was In a critical condition. He was r«
tnoved to the California Hospital, where
his death U exacted.
Found Dying in a Park.
But there were enough of witnesses and
attorneys make up' for thV absence of
outsiders. Henry Ach and J. B. Richard
son represented D. . Edward ' Collins, the
plaintiff in the suit. Dr. George ' : C.'Paj>
dee - was • present with • W. . B. - Treadweli
'The, rooms of Court Commissioner
George Babcock were the center of all
the "interest in Oakland, but the public
am. the politician did not let their interest
overcome their judgment, and attendance
upon the deposition taking was confined
exclusively to witnesses, attorneys; and
newspaper men. For the general public
or the general politician to have appeared
there might have Involved the danger of
being accused of a personal. motive in the,
attendance and that would have been a
serious matter at the present stage of
Alameda County politic*. • ¦ . '-;.',.:';
"What is this Enquirer , suit going to
do?", has been asked a thousand times in
Alameda County, and not a few times on
the" outside: It was ; thought that this
question might be answered to some
slight degree .', by to-day's examinations,
but : Just as the highly interesting, points
were reached the postponement was tak
en and the great question still remains
unanswered./ . '.
POLITICIANS ; USE JUDGMENT.
had been made that corporations were be
hind'this suit in an endeavor to secure
control of the paper.
In this suit the public saw the possible
making or unmaking of a Governor, the
making or unmaking of a newspaper and
the eternal -struggle that is on in Ala
meda County politics for the making and
unmaking of politicians. -
Mr. Ach began with the questioning of
M. de L. Hadley, who is a director of the
Enquirer and has been secretary of, the"
corporation since it was ¦ first organized.
Mr. Ach wanted to get possession ' of .the
minute and stock books of .the paper! and
had ordered Mr. Hadley.to produce them
in court. ' He: soon found-* out rthat upon
the day that the suit brought by Mr. Col
lins was filed President Daniels had taken
possession of the books and put themfjn
a, safe deposit vault. Later in the day* Mr.
Daniels produced the books, j
This is what happened on the day^ the
suit 'was • brought ;' by Mr. Collins,' when
President* Daniels took. the books^ out of
the control of Secretary Hadley : ,
j Q*_lHave^you brought; with you the minute
book' of the corporation?^. A.— I have not.,.
Q.__Why not? ; A.-y-Because : Mr. Daniels
asked me for the books' of the corporation sev
eral days since and ' he now has • them ' in '. his
possession'. ¦ i .¦-¦_ ¦-' _ . : .: ' '
¦ Q.— Away from the office of the . corpora
tion? A.— I cannot say.
"Q.— Did you deliver the minute-book to him?
a.— i:di«a.'-..; . : • i r- •¦'--"-; ¦'" ¦•; :. :':', .; v .v ;j
: Q._Did . he take it away from .the office
where they were usually kept? . Al— -Yes. C.'. ' '
••• q.— .^vher* - did ¦.'•¦ he .¦: taka - them. > do -too.
from which he could not depart,- and so
the ¦ Pardee ; examination -was continued
until Tuesday, , February "18, that being
the date that, best pleased -all hands. Mr.
Ach announced that he thought that' the
intervening time would probably be fully
occupied with' other witnesses, which
would indicate that the deposition will be
as Important as the actual trial' of the
s*uit. ¦ • ;
ACH QUESTIONS SECRETARY.
I Dr. George , C. Pardee - asked ' that \ his
deposition be taken first," but Mr. Ach said
that • he- had ; a regular plan /of •' questions,"
Court Commissioner Babcock was a few
moments -late, in arriving,; but when he
finally did assume control of the exam
ination he ruled it much after the fashion
of Judge Harrington at Alturas. Twice
he threatened to leave the case and allow
the attorneys to conduct it as best they
could without- him. When: the; attorneys
displeased ! him with their contentions he
issued his rulings, and ', then told. the at
torneys to go to the Superior Court and
have him reversed if they could. When
Henry Ach > quoted a little Latin, in a
stage whisper, he remarked to the attor
ney, "You need not' think that I don't.un
derstand that- I; was educated in" that
before you were born." He dealt his com
ments out ., with great, Impartiality! and
said to Attorney Charles E. Snook, "Now,
Charlie, you • sit ' down," much as j Judge
Harrington j "of ;¦ Alturas - has been doing,
but; he made. the contesting attorneys ac
'cept: his .rulings and insisted upon';- his
right to sit; as final arbiter* in all'discus
sions. : :,,.,: ': \'/j ¦'. : '».' • ¦• ; ¦ ..;> , ..;/.. ;
BABCOCK COMES ; LATE.
as his attorney. William Lair Hill,
Charles E. Snook and L. S. Church ap
peared for the Oakland Enquirer Publish
ing Company, "accompanied by three of
the directors— G. : B. Daniels, A. L..' Smith
and L. G. Jordan— while Abe P. Leach
represented M v de^L. Hadley, another di
rector. - Dr. Pardee and G. .';, B. ! Daniels
¦were in courj ' during the t entire day, while
the other witnesses drifted back and forth
as they, were .wanted. ../....*;•,
The general public, has had a deep in
terest in this suit since the moment it was
filed a few weeks 'ago.' It was a suit
fraught with great possibilities, commer
cial, personal and political. Here were
partners in a corporation battling over
profits and lack of dividends. Here were
men who had been friends fighting
against one another. Here was an an
nounced candidate for Governor of the
State of California being charged . with
ownership and control of a newspaper and
sun effort to freeze out the minority stock-'
holders of the paper. . In return charges
GREAT INTEREST IN SUIT.
The line of examination began with
some cold and uninteresting dates,, grad
uated to an examination of .the minute
and stock books of the Enquirer Publish
ing Company that promised some facts
not in the possession of the public and
finally. Just before adjournment/brought
up against the great* and absorbing ques
tion of politics and the control of Vthe
Enquirer. Mr. Daniels had refused to an
swer some questions and did not remem
ber about others, and then the examina
tion ceased with the public interest ; at
fever heat and decidedly unsatisfied. "\
]AKLAND, Feb. 7.— Just as the at
torneys were getting, down to the
political questions in which the
general public is Interested in. the
suit between the stockholders of
the Oakland Enquirer, the taking
of the depositions before Court
Commissioner Babcock was ; sus
pended and will . not be continued
until Monday. Henry Ach, who repre
sents D. Edward Collins, the plaintiff .was
Just beginning to inquire whether Dr.
George C. Pardee and Henry P. Dalton
had ever talked with G. B. Daniels, the
president and general manager • of 'the
Oakland Enquirer Publishing Company,
about controlling the politics of Alameda
County through newspapers, when there
was a consultation between some of the
attorneys and this line of questions, for
which the political public has been wait
ing, was abandoned for the time.
Now, ; if .-¦ it is understood they are to bo
identified by the"attorneys,~the same as be-
The unsuccessful effort to get the books
through Mr. Hadley closed the morning's
proceedings, and In the afternoon G. B.
Daniels took the stand. Mr. Daniels pro
duced the minute book of the corporation,
and then followed an active fight between
the attorneys over the possession of the
volume. Mr. Ach tried to get it into the
possession of the Court Commissioner,
but failed.- The contest was an active one
arid during it Court Commissioner Bab
cock took umbrage and threatened to quit.
"When the books were produced Attorney
Hill/ representing Daniels, said:
Q.— Did he give you a receipt for either or
any of those books? , A.— No; but after he told
me that he would put them in a safe deposit
'vault he said that he would give me a receipt
for the books, ...;',
DANIELS TAKES THE STAND.
Q.— At the time that he took that minute
book from your custody as secretary of the
corporation did he take any other books so far
as you know? A. — Yes, he tcok the stock cer
tificate book and the. by-laws book.
• Q. — Do you know where they are? A.— I do
not. >
; ) Q.— .Has he e\*er returned them to you from
the time he took them? A.— He haa not.
Q.— And where is it now? A. — I cannot tell
you. Mr. Daniels told me that he thought he
had better take the books from that safe and
put them in a safe deposit vault.
• The Commissioner — Second ! floor of what?
A.— Second floor of the Oakland Enquirer
buildlns.
'.Mr-. Ach — When was it he asked you for
that particular book? A. — Can "I refer to a
memorandum?'.' .' - -..
- • Q. — Yes, ¦ sir. A. (after referring) — January
20th.. . " - . . . •
- ~ Q. — Was - that after the commencement of
this suit? A.— I have forgotten what date ths
suit was filed. . N * .
REFEB | TO COVETED BOOK.
know? A. — I saw him going upstairs toward
his office on the second floor with them.
Remains Silent When Questioned Relative to the Acquirement
of Control of Newspaper for: the Purpose of Manipu
* lating Alameda i County Politics.
. Treating the communication of th a jlay or as
a communication calling to your att-t.tlon th«
violation of some laws and requesting your
action thereon. I will proceed, at your request.
Under section 023 of the Penal Code it ia
provided that the . Grand Jury may. at all
times, ask the advice of the court, or . the
Judge thereof.'" or of the District Attorney.
And it is further provided by that section that
the. District Attorney of the county may at ail
times appear before the Grand Jury for tho
purpose of giving information i.r oxv.ee rela
tive to any, matter cognizable by -in. in.
No citizen, however, or no official, has the
right to attempt to instruct the Grand Jury
as to the law which should govern 'hem. ex
cepting the District Attorney and the court.
I am satisfied, however, that whatever 1«
stated in the communication from Mayor
Schmitz Just presented to me by 'you. which
attempts to define to you the law governing
the matters called to your attention, was stated
by him without any Intention on his part to
do anything which he had not the right to do.
Our Supreme Court In, the, matter of Tyler,
64 California, page 433, In speaking of aa
attorney of the court who had sent a communi
cation to a Grand Jury then sitting, says that
any citizen has the right to call the attention
of the Grand Jury to the fact that in his opin
ion a crime has been committed and request
the Grand Jury to subpena witnesses and ex
amine into the accusations made by him. -
' The ' communication which I have Just re
ferred to— received from Attorney Rlordan—
does not," however, call upon me for any ac
tion; as I cannot act officially until matters
of that scrt are presented in the form of affi
davits. Your request, however, coming as It
does In open court and officially from you
as an official body, calls upon me to declare
the law in the premises, a duty devolving: upoa
me. not only by the statute of thi3 State, but
also by the constitution thereof.
Cannot Act on Kior dan's Letter:
Gentlemen of the Grand Jury: Yaur request
for an instruction as to the law relative to
the matters contained in the communication
from Mayor Schmitz. Just handed to me by
you, has. to a certain extent, been anticipated,
otherwise I would not be able at this time
to give you such instructions. I myself, aa
presiding: Judge of this court, several days
since received a communication from.' an at
torney of the court calli"£ my attenJjj to th«
fact that such a communication had bc-cn sent
to you. Aa the result of such communication I
have thoroughly examined the statutes and de
cisions of our Supreme Court touching th*
question in issue, and am prepared at this time
to give you the instruction that you request.
Judge Cook refused to administer any
rebuke to Mayor Schmitz for the tone of
his letter to the Grand Jury. He stated,
however, that he failed to find any evi
dence of willful or corrupt misconduct on
the part of the Justices of the Peace on
which action by the Grand Jury could be
based.
The opinion, read by Judge Cook, was
as follows:
Judge Cook holds that the charter pro
vision relative to the appointment of tho
Justices* clerk is unconstitutional, and
that the vacancy caused by Williams' res
ignation must be filled in the manner pre
scribed by the State law, namely, tem
porary appointment by the Mayor and
confirmation or permanent appointment
by the Supervisors.
Superior Judge Carroll Cook yesterday -
gave the Grand Jury the benefit of his ad
vice.oh the questions involved in the Jus
tices* clerk tangle at the request of that
body. The weight of hia judicial opinion
serves to settle Powell Fredrick more
firmly in his position, at least as a tem
porary appointee, and to crush the pre
tensions of the Justices of the Peace to
the possession of the power to appoint *
successor to E. W. Williams.
Says Successor to Williams
Has Not Been Legally
Appointed.
There has been much illness at the
school of late. There are several other
cases of pneumonia besides that of young
Roosevelt, end this afternoon the school
was closed for two weeks on account of
the prevailits sickness. The boys have
been in the tabit of running about bare
headed all winter. This is thought to ac
count for soric of the serious colds.
.To-morrow will find the school practi
cally deserted, for a majority of the stu
dents departed for their homes during the
afternoon and the others will leave in the
morning. On receipt of word that Mrs.
Roosevelt would come to Ayer from Bos
ton on the first morning train, arrange
ments were made' to meet her at the sta
tion. The school is about a half-mile
from the station.
Much Illness at School.
GROTON, Mass., Feb. 7.— The condition
of Theodore Roosevelt Jr. was reported at
9 o'clock to-night as being "as comfort
able as could be expected." Those who
are in attendance at the lad's bedside de.
clined to give anything more definite. It
was understood at the school, however,
that the patient showed some improve
ment during the afternoon and early even
ing.
President Roosevelt himself is very like
ly vo go to Groton to-morrow, and will do
bo except in the event of \*ery reassuring
news being received during the night. If
he Joes go he will return almost immedi
ately if his ton's condition will admit It
already has been decided that Mrs. Roose
velt must remain by her son's bedside, but
if his condition is such as to make it safe
for the President to go farther away from
him he will keep his engagement to go to
the Charleston Exposition and will leave
with his party on Monday night, as orig
inally planned.
Hope for Better News.
There is no attempt to minimize the
danger of an acute attack of pneumonia
and the President and Mrs. Roosevelt are
well aware that the young man's condi
tion is serious. Everything possible is be
ing done for him and the best physicians
and nurses are in constant attendance.
According to the earlier reports the
son's condition has remained almost un
changed since morning. During the late
afternoon and early evening, however,
several reassuring messages were received
at the White House from Groton, the
tenor of which was that the condition of
the President's son at this time is satis
factory to the attending physicians.
Another message received during the
Cabinet meeting stated that the young
man's temperature was 104. Arrange
ments were at once set on foot for Mrs.
Roosevelt's departure for Groton this aft
ernoon, and since the first intelligence was
received the President has been in almost
constant communication by telephone and
telegraph with the college faculty.
President at the Telephone.
The first information to reach the Pres
ident and Mrs. Roosevelt of the Illness of
their son was received at the "White House
by telegraph at 3:20 this morning. The
message was signed by the president of
the college where the young man is. a pu
pil, and stated, in effect, that a slight in-,
disposition had developed Into an acute
and sharp attack of pneumonia and that
he was seriously ill.
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 7.— Mrs. Roose
velt, wife of the President, left Washing
ton at 4:15 this afternoon for Groton.
Mass.. where their son, Theodore Jr., is ly
ing seriously 111 of pneumonia. She is
traveling in a drawing-room car on the
regular train of the Pennsylvania road,
which will go through to Boston without
change, arriving there to-morrow morn
ing at 7 o'clock. From Boston the first
available train will reach Groton at 10:33
a. rn. Mrs. Roosevelt is accompanied only
by a maid.
Judge Cook Gives the
Grand Jury His
Opinion.
School Authorities in Massachusetts
Inform the Parents That the
Condition of the Young Man
Is Alarming.
Wife of the President Hurries
to Bedside of the
Boy. '
SupervisorsMust
Name Justices'
CM.
Theodore Jr. Seriously
Afflicted With Pneu
monia.
CHARTER
SECTION
ROOSEVELT'S
SON STRICKEN
BY ILLNESS
REFUSES TO DIVULGE RELATIONS WITH PARDEE
PRESIDENT DANIELS OF THE OAKLAND ENQUIRER
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CKNTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO. TO.
THHE taking Gf depositions in the suit between the stockholders of the Oakland Enquirer began^ yesterday in Oakland before
* Court Commissioner Babcock. Just as Henry Ach, who represents D. Edward Collins, the plaintiff, was beginning to inquire
whether Dr. George C. Pardee and Henry P, Dalton had ever talked with G. B- Daniels, the president and general manager of
the Oakland Enquirer Publishing Company, about controlling the politics of Alameda County through newspapers, the attorneys
held a consultation, with the result that this line of questions was abandoned for the time. ' <
The San Francisco Call.THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY JS, 190a.
THE DAY'S DEAD. I
OGDEN, Utah, Feb. 7.— Ora Dyknian,
aged 19 years, was probably fatally in
jured to-day at Smith's mattress factory,
where he was employed. In some unac
countable manner the young man was
caught in the machinery. In. an instant
his arm was torn from his body and he
was otherwise badly mangled. Dykman's
father, who is also employed at the fac
tory, was a horrified witness of the ac
cident. . . ¦
Father Sees His Son Injured.
LOCOMOTIVE AND FORWABD
CARS LEAVE THE # RAILS
Southbound Oregon Express Barely
Escapes Serious Disaster at
Hornbrook.
REDDING, Feb. 7.— The locomotive, ex
press car and mail car of the southbound
Oregon express left the track at Horn
brook, SIskiyou County, early this morn
ing, but neither engine nor cars turned
over and no one was injured. The 'train
was pulling into Hornbrook when the
wheels of the locomotive and forward
cars left the wet and slippery rails and
jolted over the ties, tearing up the track
bed. After the engineer closed his throt
tle he and the fireman jumped. The
derailed cars were not damaged, -but
there was a four hours' delay to traffic.
"KING OF GAMBLERS"
¦ PLAYING A LAST CARD
Iyer Smith, Known All Over the
West, Is Dying in
Denver.
DENVER, Feb. 7.— Lying alone in a lit
tle room furnished by friends at the
Brunswick Hotel. Dyer S. Smith, once
the "king gambler" of the West, is dying.
Not until yesterday was it known that the
man who was once the star, gambler of
Chicago and all Western cities was facing
death.
Within the past two years Smith has
gradually been playing a losing game and
disease had fastened on him. He came to
Colorado a sufferer from diabetes and has
grown worse rapidly until it is now only
a question of days when death will come
to him.
Twenty years ago Dyer Smith was the
best known name among the -gambling
-fraternity from New York to San Fran
cisco. It was In Chicago and San Fran
cisco that he made his greatest winnings.
He broke more banks "and gambling
houses and made higher ' runs than any
other "knight of the green table." He
was known to every police captain and
detective in San Francisco. Smith fre
quently came through Denver, but
stopped here only a short time and played
very little.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
. and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia—Hiram F. Crum, Dana; John A. Mad
dox, Miller. Appointed: Washington—
Lucreda McKay, Marshall, Spokane
County, vice Bird Brawder, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— David C. Montgomery,
Lompoc, $6; C. John McCarter, Vallejo,
$6; John Springer, San Francisco, $6; Alba
G. Robinson, Scotia,' $6. Increase— Miles
V. Rogers, Healdsburg, $8. Mexican war
— James Marion Ballard, Graniteville $12*
Rodblphus B. Hall, Trask, $12; Ambrose
Gessler, Plymouth, $12; James H. Thorp
Fresno; .. $12. Widows— Sarah A. Messer
smith, San Francisco, $8; Sarah E. Ellio*
Vallejo, $8. . '
Oregon: Original— John Cruthers, Eu
gene, $6. Increase— James S. Stark, Hunt
ington, $10i William K. Hicks, Wood
burn, $12. Mexican war— Silas Hawk, Med
ford, $12.
Washington: Original— Walter Wilber •
Northport, $6; William L. Wilkins,. Seat-
MARIA HALPIN DIES
AFTER LONG SUFFERING
"Woman Whose Name Was Prominent
. in a Cleveland Campaign
•&? '¦; ¦- Passes Away. - -
NEW YORK. Feb. 7.— Maria Halpin-is
dead and so correct was her life in New
Rochelle, where she lived many years and
died, that many of her nearest neighbors
had forgotten or had not heard the story
of 1884, which stirred the nation and
figured so largely in: the campaign that
preceded the election of Grover Cleveland
to the Presidency of the United States. -
In a neat frame ' cottage on Hudson
street in Westchestertown she died on
Thursday, after weeks of suffering from
pneumonia, and almost the last thing she
did was to beckon her ' husband. Wallax
Hunt, to her bedside and say: ,^' * -. ..
"Do not. let my funeral be too public.
I do not want strangers to come and gaze
on my face. Let everything be very quiet
Let me", rest." - 1 * -•-:'¦
LONDON, Feb. 7. — The. statement of the
Board of Trade for the month of January shows
an increase of £4,113,800 in Imports and a de
crease of £499.000 In tXDorts. r t$&*
CROCKEB WILL BE PAID
PEO BATA WITH CREDITORS
Judges in New York Render a De
cision in Stockbroker Assign
ment Case.
NEW YORK, Feb. 7.— The appellate di
vision of the Supreme Court to-day hand
ed down a decision reversing an order by
Justice MacLean in the matter of the
general assignment of Price, McCormick
& Co. with regard to the claim of George
Crocker. Price, McCormick & Co., stock
brokers, made an assignment on May 24,
1899. • i- :'£¦'*.,' ** < : r. '_-"¦'*- . .
The petitioner, George Crocker, was a
special partner and also a customer of the
firm. On the day of the failure he ap«
peared On the books as owing the firm
$114,811 99. The firm, however, had 725
shares of Minneapolis and St. Louis rail
road stock belonging to him which had
been pledged to various , brokers. The
proceedings in question have to do with
Crocker's claim against- the firm. George
Kives took proof as referee and Justice
MacLean confirmed his report. In this
report Rives found that Crocker was not
entitled to share pro rata with other
creditors of the firm.
The appellate division now reverses this
order and directs that the petitioners' ap
plication be granted to the extent that he
be paid pro rata with other creditors by
the assignee. ¦
TWENTY-FIVE MILLIONS
IN SECOND SUPPLY BILL
President Authorized to Include
Temporary War Clerks in the
Civil Service."
WASHINGTON, -Feb. 7.— The House to
day passed the legislative, executive and
Judicial appropriation bill, the second of
the regular supply bills. As passed it car
ries $25,171,969, which is $503,721 In excess of
the current law. Only two amendments
of importance were adopted. One pro
vides for a commission to redistrict the
legislative districts of Oklahoma and the
other authorizes- the President, in his dis
cretion, to cover in the ci|ttl service the
temporary clerical force employed on ac
count of the war with Spain. By the
terms of the amendment the President
must place all or none of them under the
civil service. , ,
The Philippine tariff bill was taken ud
early in the Senate to-day. The session
was notably quiet. Turner of Washington
delivered a speech on the general Philip
pine question and had not concluded when
the bill was laid aside for the day. After
the adoption of only minor amendments
the pension appropriation bill was passed
early in the session.'
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
PORTLAND, G*., Feb. 7.— The ice blockade
upon the Upper Columbia River has been
broken, and to-morrow steamboat traffic will
be resumed. - y*~
DR. BROWN LECTURES— Dr. Elijah * P
Brown, editor of the Ram's Horn. Chicago
SfJ^^^y™ 0^"?,* 1^ entertaining lecture last
night at the Y. M. C. A. on "In the Spectacle
JtiUSl TICKS. l ' ' ' - - :.„-¦- . •
¦ . ANNAPOLIS. Md,,. Feb. 7.-The House of
Delegates, under a suspension of the rules to
day passed the Senate bill appropriating $3000
i£ ?!, ac % < . a * br ? nj if J bust of Rear Admiral Schley
in, the State building here. .
LECTURES ON SPAIN.— Henry Payot gave
oj,™, 08^^ teres "n?. lecture last night before the
Ohio_ Society on "The Land of the Castanet,"
which was vividly illustrated with an excel
lent set ofstereoptlcon views.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. ,7.— The fire on the
steamship Indravelli was practically extin
guished to-day and It ls expected that the
hatches can^be removed to-morrow morning
without danger of an outbreak, ,: r ™ n s
! FOURTH PASMORB j ¦ CONCERT.— The
fourth Pasmore concert was held last even
ing in the Maple Room of the Palace Hotel
The concert was given in aid of the Protestant
Episcopal Old Ladies' Home. The affair was
largely attended and proved a fcreat success. |
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 7.— Dr W •
F Snow, formerly instructor in hygiene 'and
physiology, will return. to the university next
semester, and wijl be acting head of the de
partment of hygiene. Dr. Snow has been do
ing advance work at the Johns Hopkins Uni
versity during the past year
"The Supervisors of such' city "and county
ehall appoint a Justices' clerk, on the written
nomination and recommendation of said Jus
tices or a majority of them, who shall holl
office for two years, and until his successor Is
in like manner arnxslnted and qualified. Said
Justices" clerk shall take the constitutional
oath of office and rive bond In the sum of
tIO.000 tor the faithful discharge of the du-
The Bectioa of the charter in Question . im
poses a duty upon the Justices of the Peace
and a responsibility not Imposed- upon them by
1 ? w i for^ it *?*$*¦ ," The y snail appoint a chief
clerk, who shall bold office for two years " etc
Subsequent to the decision of the Suprem-»
Court in the case of The People vs. Toal Just
quoted, the people of the State adopted an
amendment to the constitution, known as sec
tion KVi. article 11. which gave cities or cities
and counties the rUrht to establish Police
C ?^ s ! an<J V™ vi<iea the duties and respon
sibilities of the Judges thereof.
Justices' courts are not Police courts. Jus
tices court* are courts deriving thei- exist
ence from the constitution of the State The
very fact that Police courts only «re included
In section S% is conclusive to my mind of the
Intention of the people not to permit Justices'
courts to be in any way created by the char
ter or to sennit duties to be imposed by the
charter upon the Judges of such courts Th*
expression of the one is the exclusion of th*
other. The Justices' courts being none of the
courts enumerated in the constitution of the
State must derive Its Jurisdiction and. all of the
powers and duties of Its Judges, under the de
cision in the case of The Peor.le vs. Toal. as
well as under- the constitution and laws of the
S u jU 5'. fl £ ra V "f 1 of the having
the diixity of a law. and we find one of th
duties of a Justice of the Peace of a city and
county, prescribed by law to be fully provided
for- by section 86 of the Code of Civil Pro
«?durc. which reads as follows:
Supervisors Must Appoint. '
Continuing Judge Cook said:
The provision of that section, that the char
ters authorized thereby to be framed and
adopted must be "consistent with and subject
to the constitution end laws of this State"
makes It clear that nothing of the kind was
intended. A provision in a charter, adopted
by mere resolution of approval and not by law.
establishing inferior, courts and giving them
Jurisdiction is clearly in conflict with the con
ttituticral srovisions above referred to p-o
viditig fcow courts shall be established' and
given Jurisdiction.
Judge Cook quoted at length from this
decision, which concludes as follows:
Charter Provision Invalid.
I do not know that I am called upon to de
cide whether the Mayor's views' as to his
power to appoint a successor to Mr. Williams
are correct or not. I have, however, care
fully examined the argument advanced in this
communication, and from snch examination.
coupled with an examination of the constitu
tion of the Etate, the statutes of the State
the charter of this city and county and the
decisions of our Supreme Court, and from such
examination my opinion is that neither of the
contending parties are correct in their inter
pretation of the law applicable to the sub
ject. The contention of the Mayor is that
chapter 7. section L of the charter, controls
the office of clerk of Justices' Courts of this
city and county. In the case of The People
vs. Cobb, 133 California, decided last April,
our Supreme Court held that city Justices of
the Peace were a part of the Judicial system
of the State. In the case cf The People vs.
Toal. 83 California, 333, affirmed In the case of
Minor. 121 California. 2C4, the Supreme Court
at length reviews the force and effect of muni
cipal charters. *
The reason why I state to you that it is my
opinion that nothing in the communication- nt
Mayor Bchmitz shows any willful or corrupt
misconduct in office is this: The Mayor's
opinion that it does constitute such miscon
duct in office seems to be based upon his con
struction of the jaw relative to the jmwer of
appointing a successor to Mr. Williams, the
former clerk of the Justices' Court- The Mayor
holds one \-lew upon this matter and tfie Jus
tices of the Peace evidently hold another. It
is. therefore, apparently a clear difference of
opinion as to a question of law rather than
any wiilful or corrust misconduct In office.
The communication handed to me, after ex
plaining at some length the writer's under
standing of the law relative to the appoint
ment of a clerk of th* Justices' Court, which
1 shall refer to later on, chargesF-one Joseph
Windrow witn. having usurped an office, and
therefore liable to criminal prosecution, which,
of course, as is stated by Mayor Schmitz him
eelf la his communication, is under section 65
of the Penal Code but a misdemeanor, over
which neither you nor the Superior Court has
jurisdiction.
I cannot rind, however, in the communication
from Mayor Schmltz that you have just hand
ed to me any fact stated which In any way. In
my opinion, constitutes any willful or corrupt
misconduct in office.
2io "Willful Misconduct.
A Justice of the Peace, not coming within
the provisions of section 737. just referred to,
does, in my opinion, come within the provisions
of section 75S. Therefore, if from any investi
gation that you can make, you should find
that the Justices of the Peace of this city
and county, or any of them, have or has been
guilty of willful or corrupt misconduct in of
flce, you may present an accusation against
them or him therefor. Such accusation must
state the offense charged in ordinary concise
language and without repetition.
And it is provided by the 6ucceeding sec
tions of that chapter of the code that all im
peachments must be at the bar of the Senate
Of tlie State.
"All other civil officers shall be tried for
misdemeanor In office In such manner as the
Legislature vr&y piovide."
Section 737, to which I have Just referred,
provides that: "The Governor. Lieutenant
Governor, Secretary of State, Controller, Treas
urer. Attorney General. Surveyor General,
Chief Justice, Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court and Judge* ul the Superior Courts are
liable to impeachment lor any misdemeanor in
office."
This section is taken from article 4, section
18, of the State constitution, and under It all
officers, other than those named in section
737 of the Penal Code, are liable to impeach
ment or liable to be tried for misconduct in
office, and if found guilty removed therefrom.
The constitutional provision Just referred to
reads:
"An accusation in writing against any dis
trict, county, township or municipal officer for
willtiU or corrupt misconduct in office may
be presented by the Grand Jury of the county
for or in wS'ih the officer accused is elected
or appointea ''
The first proposition contained in said com
munication refers to the actna of me Jus
tices of the Peace in soloctlng a chiei cleric of
the Justices' Court of this city and county,
and sections 75S to 772 of the Penal Code are
referred to as being the sections under which
you are asked to proceed. Section 75S of that
code provides as follows:
Grand Jury Has Jurisdiction.
to explain to you the law relative to ihe propo
sitions advanced therein.
From this, gentlemen, you will see that
ther may exist an honest difference of opin
ion . between the Mayor and Justices of the
Peace, and that therefore such Justices can
not be said, from the acrions mentioned in
this communication, to be guilty of willful and
corrupt misconduct in office, and until the
matter be settled in a proper proceeding as to
which of these contentions is correct, no mal
feasance In office growing'out of the holding
of such opinion can be attributed to the par
ties holding the same.
On the other hand, if the clerk of the Jus
tices' Court holds his office by virtue of the
charter provisions and not by virtue of sec
tion 88 of the Code of Civil Procedure, then
and In that case a vacancy existing In the of
fice, whether it be through the resignation or
through the removal by the Justices, ls a va
cancy which must be filled in the manner
prescribed by the charter.
I can find nothing in the statutes of the
State which authorize the Justices of the
Peace to do more than recommend to the
Bonrd of Supervisors a person to be elected by
them to the office.
It is clear, however, under my view
of the law, that no successor to Mr.
Williams was appointed by the Board
of Supervisors of this city and coun
ty on a written recommendation of
the Justices of the Peace in 1900, nor
in 1902, and that, therefore, it is tho
duty of the present Board of Super
visors, on the written recommenda
tion of the Justices of the Peace, ta
Appoint a Clerk of the Justfces' Court
Under the provisions of section 86 of
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State above - referred to. In the in
terim and pending the action of suca
Board -of Supervisors, my opinion is
that the of nee. must be filled in the
manner, provided by law for the fill
ing of vacancies in an office created
"by ¦ statute, and does- not rest with
Justices of the Peace, but such ap
pointment by the Mayor can only be
a - temporary appointment, holding
until the Supervisors act in the
premises.
Mr. Williams having now resigned the of
fice, as contended by the Mayor, or having
been removed from office, as contended by
the Justices of the Peace, has ceased to hold
such office and has ceased to be the clerk of
the Justices' Court. An appointive office with
a fixed term cannot be terminated at the will
of the appointing power. No provision of the
statute authorizing his removal by the Jus
tices of the Peace has been called to my at
tention, therefore I "am not able to say that
the existing vacancy arose from the action
of 6uch Justices in declaring the office vacant.
As I understand the situation, Mr. Williams,
tha former clerk of the Justices' Court, was
originally elected by the Board of Supervisors
of thls^city and county to such office on the
written recommendation of the Justices of the
Peace of this ciry, and acted -under section SB
of the Code of Civil Procedure. After the
charter went into effect this section of the
Code of Civil Procedure seems to have been
considered as Inapplicable, and the Justices of
the Peace proceeded under section 1 of chap
ter t of the charter to elect a clerk, who under
that provision of the charter would hold of
fice without bonds and would have the right
to apr>oint five deputies instead of two and
reappointed Mr. Williams to the office: and
eubsequently, after he had held such office
for two years he was again appointed by such
Justices and thereafter suspended by the Mayor
and subsequently of his own motion resigned.
Temporary Appointment by. Mayor.
From my interpretation of tne law both ap
pointments of Mr. "Williams as clerk by the
Justices of the Peace were void, and at the
time of his resignation he was holding; office
under his original election by the Board of
Supervisors on the written recommendation of
the Justices of the Peace, his successor never
having been legally elected or qualified, i. e.,
he never having been legally appointed his
own successor. AH officers elected or . ap
pointed to an office for a definite term are
also appointed or elected to hold such office
until a successor has been legally elected or
appointed and qualified.
ties of his office, and in the same manner as
is or may be required of other officers of such
city and county. A new or additional bond
may be required by the Supervisors of such
city and county and in such amount as may be
fixed by said Supervisors whenever they may
deem It necessary. The Justices' clerk shall
nave authority to appoint two deputy clerks,
for whose acts he shall be responsible on his
official bond, the ' said deputy clerks to hojd
office during: the pleasure of said clerk. Said
Justices' clerk and deputy shall have au
thority to administer oaths and take and cer
tify affidavits in any action, suit or proceed
ing in said Justices' court." •
CHARTER SECTION INVALID
Continued From Page One
A short time ago Dunlap petitioned" the
Board of Supervisors for franchises for
five electric railways radiating from this
city. More than 100 miles of railway is
included in the franchises, and it may be
that the syndicate that has bought the
watershed is interested in the railways.'
The franchises were awarded to Dunlap,
but axe now tied up in court by an ac
tion brought by Myron Wolf, who claimed
his bids for some of the franchises were
higher than those of Dunlap.
For many, years the, advantages of the
water power" of 'the 'Coyote watershed
have been recognized, but, although sev
eral syndicates have Investigated them,
nothing was done until Dunlap took up
the proposition. Just 'what use will be
made of the water is not known. It is
believed a big'power plant will be erected.
Power for Electric Kailways.
The Headlight Investment Company was
organized by Dunlap in Nevada in "July,
1900. It has a capital stock of $1000. The
directors are: D. Torreyson, T. R.
Hofer and Ed J. Walsh. When Dunlap
lirst began' to purchase the land on the
Coyoto, he transferred, some of it to the
Headlight Company, but it is hardly like
ly that company has anything to do with
the water power project, as It in turn is
transferring land to Morrison.
Twelve miles northeast of Gilroy the
watershed narrows down to the course of
the Coyote, and here surveys have been
made for an immense impounding dam.
By obtaining possession of the land the
promoters have now gained control of an
immense water power.
Just who is back of the scheme to divert
the waters of the Coyote to commercial
purposes is unknown. George T. Dunlap
transfers the land to A. F. Morrison and
the latter is undoubtedly the agent of a
syndicate. The largest transfer is one of
S500 acres from F. A. Hyde to Morrison,
and the Headlight Investment Company
of Nevada sells 570 acres to Morrison.
Impounding Dam to Be Built.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 7.— That some large
syndicate has obtained control of the
Coyote watershed in the southern end of
Santa Clara County is evident from the
many transfers of real estate filed in the
County Recorder's office here to-day.
documents were placed on rec
ord, covering between 13,000 and 20,000
acres of land. The price of the
land is not given, but the reve
nue stamps show a valuation of ?37o,
000. It is said that nearly $500,000 was in
volved in the transaction. Most of the
property has been transferred to Alexan
der F. Morrison, who is a member of tne
law lirm of Morrison & Cope of San Fran
i cisco, and it is believed this gentleman is
representing some large Eastern syndi
! cate. .
For a year past George T. Dunlap of
Gilroy has been purchasing land in the
Coyote watershed for some company un
known. Several streams converge with
Coyote Creek in the vicinity of Gilroy,
forming , a perfect watershed, and the
deeds riled to-day cover these streams.
The tracts transferred cover a territory
twenty-live or thirty miles in length and
spreading from a narrow strip at the
west to twenty v miles in width as the
lands follow the /windings of the Coyote
and -its tributaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Purchasers Are Believed to Be Capi
talists Interested in Santa
Clara County Railway'
Project. ;
Transfer Includes "Waters- of
Coyote Creek and Its
Tributaries.
* Three months after the date of -the let
ter word came to the Sheriff's office of
this county that two horse thieves were
making their way southward with stolen
animals. W. H. Coons was then Sheriff,
and he deputized W. J. Yoakum, who was
later hanged here for murder, to hunt
down the thieves. Yoakum took with him
David McKenzie. ; Webster Heath, W. H.
H h Ji e> I 1 man named Lamott and .others
of the frontier type.' After traveling some
days the posse located the thieves asleep
on a flat west ofCummlngs Valley, with
the stolen horses staked out about them.
The posse crept up close to the uncon
scious men and when they were awak
ened a fight ensued. McKenzie and one
of the thieves were badly wounded. The
other thief made his escape. The wound
ed man was captured, and when searched
aeo'a, watch on which was engraved "J.
H. Or. was found, as well as a diary with
the name "J. H. Gardinier" written on
the. flyleaf. The outlaw insisted that he
was Gardinier, but it was later learned
that he was not.
The captive was put upon a horse and
started down the mountain trail to Tejon.
On the way the animal stumbled and so
crushed the wounded man that he died
within a few moments.
Dr. Gardinier learned of this border in
cident, and since that time he has been
searching throughout California for his
lost brother. It is generally believed here
that the horse thieves had started from
Placerville with Gardinier and murdered
him for his money on the way to Cum
mings Valley.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 7.-Dr. Gardinier,
an aged resident of Lake County, arrived
in Bakersfleld yesterday on a quest which
is developing into a story as interesting
and as strange as those found in -the
pages of fiction. For more than thirty
years' he has endeavored '•, to learn the
whereabouts of a missing brother if alive,
or, if the brother be dead, to gather some
information as to his last days on earth.
The missing man was J. H. Gardinier,
and his strange disappearance was closely
connected with a battle between horse
thieves and th'e peace officers of Kern
County, which occurred in the hills west
of CummingV Valley in the spring of 1870.
Gardinier 'left his home in New York in
the '60's, and was last heard from at
Calaveras City, Tuolumne County. From
there he wrote a letter, to his mother and
sisters at home, conveying the news that
he had disposed of some stock and was
about to start for Arizona. That was the
last ever heard of him.
Dr- Gardinier has not given up hope
that he may some time find his missing
relative, or at least locate his last resting
place. '•¦. • .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Gardinier of Lake ; County
Devotes, a Lifetime to
Futile Search. £
Twenty Thousand Acres
of Land Changes
Owners.
Man i Missing for . Thirty
Years a of
Outliaws.
BROTHER'S QUEST
RECALLS TRAGEDY
SYNDICATE
BUYS VAST
WATERSHED
?»^v«J APOLIS. Feb. 7.-&W to-day gutted
ISfnTh ? m * Hotel - a threMtory building on
n«™ reet * J 5 uiy -« 1 »e«* in the Hotel had
narrow escapes. Los3 $75.(60.
MADRID, Feb. 7.-The , death Is an
nounced'of Vice Admlraf Jose Montojo.
The commander of the Spanish 'fleet at
Manila was Rear Admiral Patricio Mon-
vice Admiral Jfffato jo.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 7.— George Bloch.
the famous chef of th© old Poodle Dos
restaurant of San Francisco hi early days,
died at his home in Dry Creek yester
&£.?* I S ClOck - ™ He waj? a native of
France and was 73 years old. He had
b/sen a resident of Dry Crtek for thirty
two years. He came to Calfornia in ISi:.
George Bloch.
LONDON, Feb. 7.— Thomas Sidney
Cooper, the painter, who had exhibited at
the Royal Academy for sixty-seven con
secutive years, died to-day; at his resi
dence, Vernon Holme, Harbledown the
spot near Canterbury immortalized by
Chaucer Cooper, who was the oldest
academician, had been ill for some time.
He was born in 1S03.
Thomas Sidney Cooper.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 7.— Ralph W.
Strong, a young newspaper man, well
known in Southern California, died to-day
in the California Hospital. He went to
the hospital several days ago to undergo
an operation, hoping to improve his de
fective hearing. The operation resulted
in the finding of an abscess in. the inner
ear and Inflammation of the brain soon
developed. Strong came here from Chi
cago.
Balph "W. Strong.
NEW YORK, Feb. 7.— Dr. Paul P.
Munde, widely known in this country
and Europe as a gynecologist, died to
night at his home in this city. He was
a native of Saxony. He was graduated
from Harvard Medical School in 1S66,
served as a surgeon in the Bavarian army
in the war of 1S66. and distinguished him
self in the Franco-Prussian war. He was
editor of the American Journal of Obstet
rics from 1874 to 1802. one of the founders
of the American Gynecological Society, of
which he was president in 1SD8, and a
member of gynecological organizations in
England and Germany.
Itching, Blind. BHeding or Protruding Piles.
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where it falls to cure any case of piles.
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In six days: worst cases In fourteen days.
Oce application gives ease and rest. Relieves
Itching instantly. This is a new discovery, and
ls the onry pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, bo cure no pay. A free sample will ba
sent by mall to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keep
it in strck send 50c In stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Louis. Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. .>.«'..
Piles Cured "Without the Knife.
and the Navy Department's comment. His
decision in the Schley case will not bo
made public until- after bis return from
Charleston. . - . . ,
.^E. S.' ThealL • representing. Stay ton &
Campbell andTheall, counsel for Admiral
Sampson, to-day filed the following brief
with /President Roosevelt, protesting
against. the claims'T set up "in. Admiral
Schley's appeal that he. was in supreme
command during the battle off Santiago:
30 Broad Street.
tt rr,, ., „ NEW YORK, Feb. 6.
Hon. Theodore Roosevelt; • President r of th«»
United State*— Sir: We be* lUve as attor
neys-for' Rear Admiral W. T. • Sampson and
on his .behalf to submit the following state
ment in connection with the position of Rear
Attorneys File a Brief.
; , '•? -• JOHN r>. LONG. . Secretary
Rear Admiral William T. Sampson U^S N
loa New Hampshire, avenue, Washington D C*
"My. Dear Sir: I am in receiDt of your .very
considerate 7 letter " of the 9th inst., in which
you express a desire that, . without reference
to your interests,, the other naval officers who
rendered such conspicuous service in the naval
campaign in the West Indies may have the ad
vancement which you recommend for them and
In .which you ask nothing for yourself. . I
highly commend this . 'disinterested action, on
your part. Let me assure you that I have the
highest appreciation of your services as j com
mander in chief of the Atlantic naval forces
during ¦ the Spanish wjir in blockading Cuba,
"co-operating with • the army, directing the
movements of the great number ¦ of vessels un
der your orders, and at lastf after the most ef
effectlve * preparation consummating with the
gallant officers and men under your command
the destruction of the Spanish fleet. ' It was In
recognition of your f ervices and of your great
skill that I • recommend . you to the Senate for
the advancement which you had earned - Very
truly yours, WILLIAM McKINLEY
"Rear Admiral "William T. Sampson, U S
N.. Commander in Chief United States Navai
Forces, North Atlantic Station, TJ. S. FlaeshiD
New 'York. Havana, Cuba." . •
Very : respectfully, -
Sir: In notifying you of your retirement, the
department, recognizing . your " services ¦ and
deeply sympathizing with yon in your impaired
health; quotes with pleasure the following let
ter from the late President McKinley:
"WASHINGTON, March 3, 1899. '
Secretary Long to-day issued the fol
lowing order 'regarding the retirement of
Rear Admiral Sampson:
» Navy Department,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7, 1902.
Sampson's Retirement.
It was j stated authoritatively later in
the day that what had been used as a
basis for the reports of a serious change
for the worse in the condition of Ad
miral Sampson was a slight attack of
indigestion, which caused no alarm among
those nearest him, but which confined him
to his room . and bed for several days.
Moreover, . it . was : stated that Admiral
Sampson's condition was improved to-day
and that he appears \ brighter than for
some time ,past. However,; it has been
stated that Admiral Sampson's ¦ general
condition is ' such as to give some basis
to the ever-recurring bad reports. Yet at
present, it is said, . absolutely no forecast
of the end of the fight his vitality is
waging can be made.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— Alarming ru
mors were afloat here to-day to the effect
that Admiral Sampson had taken a seri
ous turn for the worse within the last
twenty-four hours. Inquiries , at the
Sampson residence and of the naval phy
sicians developed that there has been no
decided change in the admiral's condition,
but that a steady retrogression is in pro
gress which Is common to his disease.
From the t Oregon, too, there is available evi
dence to show that when the first shot was
flred the quartermaster of the Oregon, using
the long glass, could, from the position of that
vessel snear the center of the line, read the
New fork's battle signals then flying.
All this evidence was ready to be presented
to the court of inquiry and it is ready to be
presented to you. It was not admitted before
the court - because . it refused to go into the
question of command. Rear Admiral Sampson
has never objected, i and does not now object to
an inquiry to determine the question of com
mand. He has, however, reported that he was
la command : at that battle. As commander
in-chief he has made his recommendations con
cerning the promotions. He has been recognized
by the executive and judicial departments of th-
Govemment as being In command and he asks
that when the accuracy of his reports ls ques
tioned he at least be permitted to hear the
evidence in opposition and to permit his brother
officers to come forward with the evidence
they are ready to give in his behalf CYlaence
There is further an abundance of evidence
available to establish the fact that what the
applicant now calls "the complete and total
rallure.of the .. prearranged order of battlp"
was due wholly to his own disobedience of the
orders of the commander-in-chlef These or
ders were to close in and to hold the enemv
at the harbpr"s mouth. Commodore Schlev so
understood the orders. He hoisted that very
signal.. Yet when he^ saw the enemy approach
ing ftat part of the line guarded by hlsWn
vessel, he looped.- He withdrew from the bat
tie formation, left a line . In ¦ the itae inter"
fered with the Texas which would have %tra£d
the wand caused her to back. tnlrebyX
ing to the enemy the double opportunitv of
which -they availed themselves^-to escape
through the Interval he had made escape
We have no desire to prolong "this contro
versy. We only ask that before there shSi
be a finding adverse to Admiral Sampson either
by the President, the courts or th™ Nav^ De
p l r . tmei L t; t v at " h t be " glven the ' opportunity
which has-been- given to Admiral Schley to
present such evidence as may make both i,*l.
of the matter clear. Very, resptctfulfv
STATTON & CAMPBELL, and eT S' thealt
Counsel for Rear Admiral W. T. Simwont
.The President will consider the brief In
connection with Admiral Schley*s appeal
When the Shot Was Fired.
We are ready to show that under the navy
regulations and the judicial interpretations
thereof. Rear Admiral Sampson was -during
the battle In command of every single vessel
in the American line. There Is abundance of
testimony available to show that from the
beginning of the battle every American vessel
at Santiago was In sight of the New York.
There Is evidence at hand, both record and
oral, to show that whenever the Commander
in-chief left the blockading line in front of
Santiago he hoisted the signal "Disregard
movements of . commander- in-chief ." proceeded
to the point where, under the regulations, his
immediate command of the squadron - ceased,
and then signalled to the next In rank to take
command; and that on the morning of July
3 the commander-ln-chief had given instruc
tions to *have ready for hoisting the signal
directing Commodore Schley to assume com
mand; that this signal was to be hoisted when
under the ¦ regulations the appropriate moment
had arrived; that that moment had not ar
rived and that such signal had not been hoisted
when - the enemy . endeavored to escape from
the harbor. •¦.¦ '
><o argument will be submitted as to the
volunteered opinion of the presiding member
of the court upon . the question of command
at Santiago. We repeatedly applied for an
opportunity to present evidence upon this
point to the court and our request was" as often
refused, and we are confident that an attempt
to pronounce an adverse judgment where a
hearing has been denied is so- plain a viola
tion of simple good faith that It has no chance
of receiving your approval. We were ready
then and are still ready to produce much evi
dence which was not offered before the court
on this question. We are prepared to show
that the statement, that '.the New y8rk at the
beginning of the battle "was out of sight of
each and every ship of the blockading squad
ron but one" is inaccurate.
Admiral "W. S. Schley, asking relief from his
condemnation ' as reported by a court of in
quiry and approved by the Secretary of. the
Navy. . Ar'.-.ti
ADMIRAL SAMPSON'S CONDITION IS CRITICAL,
BUT THERE IS NO ABATEMENT IN CONTROVERSY
2
To Cure "Grip in Two Days.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine removes the cause
E. W. -Grove' b signature on every box.' • '
Disfigured Skin
Wasted muscles and decaying bones. .
What havoc!
Scrofula, let alone, Is capable of all that,
and more. . •; •
. It Is commonly marked by bunches In
the neck, inflammations in the eyes, dys-
pepsia, catarrh, and general debility. .
-.It is always radically and permanently
cured by
Hood's Sarsaparilta
Which expels all humors, cures all erup-
tions, and builds up the whole system,
whether young or old. . . «
Hood'» Plltg enre liver fll»: the non-lrrltatlng and
r only cathwtio to take with Hood's Sampartlla.
_ ADVERTISEMENTS. \ ..
ALWAYS ASK FOR J
WALTER BAKERS
LOOK AT THE LABELS •
PUREDELICIOUS-NUTRITIOUS
ESTABLISHED I7SO
WALTER BAKER & CO. Limited.
I «^a DORCHESTER V MASS. %*» I
I THREE COLD MEDALS PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION
— — — 4f
PAINE'S JpEMSBY^C^^
V<aine V Celery Compound Steadies ihe
HancLs That *Run the Great •
Tasseneer Trains^
-^ ijJMiw iiniiiii"'"""' ""'ff '.:.: — i iiiiiiiiiiiiiBiMinBmiiTTir'~~~~~"~'~*'~"" — — ¦¦¦*!¦¦ in ¦— ¦ \%tf Bm * ! Ti
VX7HEN disease attacks-'the ner- W^^^^^:
VV vous system, the symptoms that . Jj| market Wlthln reach of a11 P eo " the fastest passenger train on the
af once ' manifest themselves No' other remedv is todav or ever American" Continent. ¦
differ in different persons. When the has beS Je^S M^eSdoSS «£§£&
S-'S-si:™,-; iEllllllll SrwK>™5«!
Sleeplessness, dyspepsia, rheumatism, anywhere. . work.
most, of the weaknesses and No man or woman whose nervous "I have taken Paine's Celery Com-
that exhibit themselves in different system is .not in perfectly healthy con- pound to do this work for me and it is
wavs in men and women in. no™ ™} lon . ca ? P^perly perform the work s impl e justice to say that it has done
ways m men and women are now t h a t ls his or hers to do. No pers3n the work well. Paine's Celery Com-
known to be only the local symptoms with shattered nerves can run ihe race pound has dene me no end oi good. I
; of the beginning of a diseased nervous oi llfe in competition with the healthy t ock it because I had heard it spoken of
system. • ' d - man - While this 13 true in every call- as the best medicine sold anywhere,
It is no mor P nn«ihl P tn r,,™ tfc««. there P no better example than RO od for those who suffer from brain
it is no more possible to cure these the case of ihe engineers who guide the fag, from the depletion of the system
aitiictions by superficial treatment than passenger trains on the railroads. And from any cause, aud for those who are
it is to dam the Mississippi by a bar Mt ls true that no one class of work-- building up after sickness,
of sand. The only effective cure for m £ n f " n ? 1 ' shes a better example of "What I had heard <>f it proved to be
thp^Miwasoc't-i triA i^;; n ( ~-~ at -\ a l nes Celery Compound can true in my case and I do not hesitate
tissife?' nervous accomplish than the railroad engineers to recommend Paine's Celery Com-
Tt h« k Mn -k «i * t it * °* America. They rely onlv upon this pound for a nerve-building or force-
Painc' ? Vvwl fi teIv P r °ven that on e remedy to supply the tissues that building medicine. I have taken more
SSnn -£^™ curesn . er : ,the»r nerve-racking task exhausts. It, of it than of all other medicines for the
fom Slu every, was with the sanction of the author}- last twenty years. It has done the
S^'oiM^. t 7 f V f mthe i. WOr i d tie^ of th e great New York Central work for me and I feel sure it will do it
"^ It & X ' VT b V h 1 Railr °*d that W. H.. Raymond, the for any one else.
£X£t£Sfn thi ™, S eS \u m ? d lF l enrfneer who runs the famous Empire "W. H. RAYMOND."
uthout^s n this country that this State Express, gave the following testi- New York, Nov. 10. 1901.President's Delegates.
The discovery of the real thieves came
about through the pawning In Sacramento
of a diamond ring by A. Hammond. He
has confessed, implicating a man w'th
whom h« worked as an extra hand on the
Davis farm. Hammond says that, wlttt
the exception of one ring taken by each,
the jewels are cached on the farm. Ham
mond is In Nevada and will be brought
here to dig up the buried treasure.
REDDING. Feb. 7.— For nearly two
years every act of a man named Junkan?,
employed on the Frick & Davis farm, near
Lewiston, Trinity has been
watched closely, in the Dellef that he had
stolen nearly $1500 worth of Jewelry from
one of his employers. Circumstances
seemed to point strongly to his guilt, but
now the real thieves have been discov
ered and Junkans has Just become aware
of the theft and that he was suspected.
Two Tears Because of Crime
He Did Not Commit.
Trinity County Man Watched tor
CONFESSION OF THIEF
EXONERATES SUSPECT
Joins Stanford's Faculty.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 7.—
The department of mechanical engineer
ing is to be further strengthened by the
addition to the faculty of Andrew A.
Browne as assistant professor of mechan
ical arts and superintendent of shops Mr
Browne is at present with the Mexican
Lead Company of Monterey, Mexico He
will take up his work at Stanford on' tho
completion of the new engineering labor
atories, whose construction was com
menced a few weeks ago.
Among the principal speakers of the day
were Thomas Caldwell of Riverside on
"Bible Study"; F. A. Crosby of San Diego
on "Boys in Camp"; Rev. Frederick W
Ciampett of San Francisco on "General
Work"; W. A. Kling of Cleveland, Ohio
on "The Association and Wage Earners" •
W. C. Patterson of Los Angeles on "Ecov
nomic Value of Association," and Rev. H
K. Walker of Los Angeles on "Open Door
of the Church."
President, D. Edward Colling, Oakland- first
vice pr«ldent, Rolla V. Watt, San Fraiicisco"
second vice president. Frank M. Porter Los
Angeles; third vice president, Fred A. Ri'ndge
Santa Monica;, corresponding secretary F a'
Rindge, Santa Monica; recording secretary f'
A. Bonham. Fresno; assistant secretary, L.' H*
Cone. Pomona; press secretaries, Ivan' B"
Rhodes. Berkeley; Oliver Best, Riverside aud
George Hart, Long Beach.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN
ASSOCIATION'S ELECTION
E. Edward Collins of Oakland tho
State Convention's Choice for
Presidency.
PASADENA, Feb. L-To-day's session
of the State convention of the Young
Men's Christian Association was devoted
chiefly to addresses and class work. The
only business feature of interest was the
report of the' committee on nominations,
which reported its selection of officers for
the ensuing year. The report received
unanimous confirmation by the convention
and resulted in the election of the fol
lowing:
Prisoner Is Landed in the Placer
County Prison.
AUBURN, Feb. 7.-OutIaw Choate, who
was wounded by officers in Colusa County
last evening while attempting to escape,
is wanted In Placer County for highway
robbery. On August 23 last Choate held
up the Colfax and Forest Hill stage and
robbed the passengers of $14. Just a
month before, on July 3, Henry Wise, a
confederate of Choate, had held up the
Auburn and Forest Hill stage, killing one
of the lead horses. He has not yet been
captured. Choate was under the surveil
lance of Sacramento officers, having Just
come out of San Quentln, but he. man
aged to evade them . and renewed his
career of crime in this county. Sheriff
Keena returned to-night with his pris^
oner.
TAKEN BACK TO AUBURN.
He was lifted back Into the carriage and
brought to Colusa, where Dr. Belton
dressed his wounds. He was hit four
times. One bullet entered the mouth and
came out through the right cheek; one
penetrated his left shoulder, a third
struck him in the hand and the other
penetrated his hip. None of the wounds'
will prove fatal.
his revolver and Manor fired four shot*
while a bullet from the outlaw's revolver
barely missed Manor's hqad and powder
burned his face. Finally Choate dropped
to the ground, exclaming:
"For God.'s sake don't shoot again. I
am hit."
SAXTA ROSA. Feb. 7.— Burglars broke into
the sample rooms of the Occidental Hotel early
this morning: and carried. oft Jewelry and cut
lery to the value of $2DO that had been placed
on display by a commercial traveler. The goods
were the property of GearEon & Baer of San
Francisco. I-ater In . the day Ed Jordan was
arrested u?on suspicion.
For a few minutes three weapons were
spitting bullets as fast as their owners
could pull the triggers. Marders emptied
keeping afloat until his cries brought as
sistance. After his rescue a physician
worked over him three hours before he
recovered sufficiently to tell how he had
met the accident. The cold had so numbed
his sensibilities that it was impossible for
him to feel any pain when he was clutch
ing at the stone walls of the shaft In hl3
efforts to find something that would sup
port him.
Marders drew his pistol and at the same
instant three shots were fired from the
carriage. The prisoner staggered back
ward a few feet and then raised his piatol.
Outlaw Falls Badly Wounded.
"Hands up!" shouted the outlaw to his
guards and the attending Deputy Sheriff.
They had gone about four miles when
they met Deputy ShenlT Marders. be
lieving the prisoner was handcuffed and
not likely to give trouble, Marders told
the Constable to proceed and he would
follow. Not fifteen minutes later Marders
was surprised to see Choate pitch hca'l
long from the carriage, roll over on the
ground and spring to his feet, revolver in
hand.
A carriage was engaged to convey the
prisoner to Colusa. Choate was given the
back scat with the Constable, while Manor
handled the reins. As they were passing
the Williams Hotel the prisoner asked his
guards to get a package beloglng to him
in the hotel. This was done and he placed
the package in the bottom of the carriage.
At 6 o'clock the start for Colusa was
made, the officers little suspecting that
the innocent appearing package contained
a Colt's revolver and a belt of cartriasos.
"Well, boys, you have got the wrons
man. I know nothing of the robbery you
have pulled me for."
but Mrs. Manor had also informed Con
stable Forsythe of Williams and the lat
ter, aided by Joseph Manor, arrested
Choate before the deputy's arrival. Choate
made no resistance. He seemed surprised
and said laughingly:
Death.
ANGELS CAMP, Feb. 7.— William Greg
son, a well known citizen of this town,
¦was rescued on Wednesday night from an
l>. abandoned mine shaft after he had re
mained In ten feet of water for an hour.
He lost his way and stumbled into the
hole, which was twenty feet deep. The
shaft was not timbered and he wore oft*
the ends cf'hls fingers almost to the bone
SAVED FBOM DBOWNING
IN ABANDONED SHAFT
Angels Camp Citizen Survives Nerve-
Backing Struggle Against
COLUSA. Feb. 7.-Charles Choatc,
alias H. C. Hill, the Auburn
County stage robber who was
captured yesterday in Williams
through information given by a
rancher's wife, made a bold attempt to
escape last evening while being brought to
ColuEa. In the flght that followed be
tween a Deputy Sheriff and a Constable
on the one side and the outlaw on the
other, the latter was wounded four times
and recaptured. -
Choate was wanted by Sheriff Keena of
Placer County for the robbery of the For
est Hill stage, near Coirax, on August 3.
The lone highwayman profited by his
crime to the extent of only $14. Since then
Sheriff Keena has been tireless in the ef
fort to capture the robber and had eent
his description and a photograph to every
Sheriff in the State.
Shortly after the robbery a man applied
at the Manor ranch near Williams for
work and was engaged as a milker and
butter maker. He proved a good employe
and vrorked there several months. After
he had left it was learned that he was
the man wanted for the Forest Hill staKs
robbery. The affair was forgotten until
yesterday, wh"n the same man stepped
up to Mrs. L. G. Manor at Williams, made
himself known and applied for his old oo
sition. Mrs. Manor said she would let him
know before she returned home whether
the place was open to him. She im
mediately telephoned to Sheriff Sherer In
Colusa, telling him that Choate was in
Williams.
Constable Makes the Arrest.
Deputy Sheriff Marders lef t for Williams,
OUTLAW WHO ROBBED THE FOREST HILL STAGE IN PLACER COUNTY LAST AUGUST AND WHO WAS
BADLY WOUNDED WHILE ATTEMPTING TO ESCAPE FROM COLUSA COUNTY OFFICERS AFTER HE
HAD BEEN CAPTURED IN THE TOWN OF WILLIAMS.
One Leviathan in Pursuit, of Herring
Strikes and Sadly Damages
the Craft.
VANCOUVER, B: C.. Feb. 7.-Donald
Todd, a Vancouver cannery man, and his'
wife had a lively time yesterday morning
near China Hat lighthouse, while ' in an
anchored schooner. Just at daybreak the
Todds were awakened by; a strange tu
mult. Suddenly the schooner . received a
bang at the bow that" sent everything fly
ing. Todd looked out of the hatch and
.found ; the 'schooner surrounded .by a
school * of twenty- five or - thirty whales
The monsters were snorting and blowing
around in the shallow water' while en
gaged In pursuit of a school of herring.
So alarmingly close to the schooner did
they come that Todd and his wife lost no
time in picking up the bow anchor and
hauling on: the stern line till the craft
was beached' on the sand, out of, harm's
way. The blow dealt the craft by the
tall of one of the whales, shattered the
jibboom. •
SCHOONER ENDANGERED
BY SCHOOL OF WHAL.SS
When the afternoon session opened
Judge Harrington expressed his determin
ation to conduct the case on more rigid
lines. Raker again resorted to "educa
tional" questions in violation of the ruling
of the court.- .
Baker's Second Close Call.
On these occasions Sturtevant raised his
voice to a high pitch to drown out Raker
and prevent his getting Improper matter
before the jury. Once Sturtevant dis
played his disapproval by saying, "Wow!
Wow!" :
Baker — Only a little dog's bark.
The ¦ court — What's that? What's that?
Raker, you go to Jail until 6 o'clock for call
ing any one In this courtroom a dog. . ¦ :
Raker — I did not call him a dog. Judge.-.
Sturtevant — Don't send him to jail on my
account, your - Honor; I don't care what he
says.
Mrs. .Nichols was on the stand all the
afternoon and her testimony was the
same as that of Mrs. Rucker and Mrs.
Crowley In almost every particular. Mrs.
Nichols, said that on the night of May 30
she passed Trowbridge's store at 9 o'clock.
It was brightly lighted. She did not see
any one around the store or on the porch.
Hutton and Morris had testified that they
were sitting there about 9 o'clock waiting
for the "town party" to make final prep
arations for the lynching. '-,
Spencer said he would flght such wrongs"
out where they were given, even If in the
court or in heaven. The court reprimand
ed both Raker and Spencer in severe lan
guage, and himself came in for a severe
castigation by them.
The court ordered the Sheriff , to take
Raker to jail until this afternoon. Ex
planations followed, Raker apologizing to
the court. Post made the amende hon
orable to counsel for the defense and ex
pressed his unwillingness to use at any
time language unbecoming a gentleman.
The court accepted the . apologies all
around. ' •
Orders Baker to Jail.
The court asked Raker why he could
not be as affable and pleasant in court
as he appeared in private life, and Spen
cer answered for his associate, saying
Raker was a man and could- not stand the
abuse heaped upon him by the court and
counsel for the prosecution. It was then
that the court advised opposing counsel
to get their guns and fight it out on the
street, as he would do if he were insulted
in the presence of a lady.
The strife began when Raker's "edu
cational" questions, put to Mrs. Richard
Nichols, were objected to by Assistant
Attorney General Post. Raker excitedly
accused Post of falsifying, and Post
termed Raker's remark "hot air."
"If I were insulted in the presence of a
lady (a woman witness was on the stand)
I would soon wipe out the Insult," said
the court. If you were men you would go
outside and fight ¦ out."
ALTURAS, Feb. 7.— But for the plentl
tude of disgraceful rows to-day's proceed
ings in the trial of James W. Brown, the
alleged lyncher, would have been feature
less. One of the most vicious of these
court-room embroglios occurred during
the morning session and afforded an op
portunity for Judge Harrington to repeat
his remark of several days ago — that the
opposing counsel should leave the court
room and settle their differences with pis
tols. This time he went further. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Diphtheria in TJtah Town.
SALT LAKE, Feb. 7.-The Mayor of
Gunnison, Utah, has appealed to the State
Board of Health for assistance in check
ing the spread of diphtheria at that place.
The disease has gained such headway
that it has been found necessary to quar
antine the stores. Even the health of
ficer has contracted the disease. A mem
ber of the board left this city to-day to
take charge of the situation.
STOCKTON. Feb. 7. — Articles of Incorpora
tion of the Pacific Window Glass Company
were tiled here to-day by Charles J. Hurrell.
C. A. Gray, J. Dalzell Brown, W. C. Peyton.
James Treadwell and R.. C. Cannell of San
Francisco and W. J. Bartnett of Oakland.
Ground will be broken inside of thirty days for
a factory near this city.
Alturas Judge Again Ap
peals to. Attorneys
to Fight.
COURT IS EAGER
FOR A COMBAT
Last night a letter was received from
Mattlson, who, when It was written, was
on board an English transport loaded
with mules and horses for South Africa.
H2 says he was robbed of everything
while in San Francisco, and while intoxi
cated was • "shanghaied" and placed
aboard the vessel.
WALNUT CREEK, Feb. 7.-Antone
Mattlson, a butcher living near here, took
a load of hogs to Oakland three months
ago. He put up at ttfe Dashaway Stables,
disposing afterward of his team. His
overcoat and boots were found at the
stable, but Mattison disappeared. He
left a wife and two children in destitute
circumstances, they being .compelled to
ask for county support.
From British Transport Going
to South Africa.
Missing Walnut Creek Man Writes
SAYS HE WAS "SHANGHAIED"
WHILE IN SAN FRANCISCO
CHICAGO. Feb.-7.— Howard F. Brewer,
middle and long-distance champion swim
mer of the Pacific Coast, at the Sports
man's Show in the Coliseum to-night de
feated J. < Scott Leary, : the California
sprint champion, in a 400-yard swimming
race.' Leary set the pace for the greater
part of- the course and for a time - it
looked as, though he would win out, but
Brewer • gradually overtook him - before
the last length of the pool and beat him
out . for the place of. honor, at the ¦ finish
line by a mere touch. l^-'P
Swimmer Brewer Defeats Leary.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 7.—Consider
able anxiety is being felt here regarding
H. M. S. Egeria, Captain Simpson; which
sailed for the west coast of Vancouver
Island to search for the lost sloop of war
Condor. The Queen 'City arrived in port
last night and reported that nothing had
been seen or -heard of the Egeria, either
on the coast or at any of the ports at
which the Queen City called. Local navi
gators who are acquainted with Captain
Bimpson fear that sojme^ misfortune has
befallen the Egeria, as Captain Simpson
never before made a voyage to the west
coast and was unacquainted with the
waters . along the dangerous shore line.
It is regarded as most peculiar that the
Queen City heard nothing* of the Egerin,
but there Is a possibility that the' latter
may have left the coast and proceeded
out to sea in the hope of running across
the missing Condor. ., , ¦
ANXIETY OVER THE EGERIA.
VICTORIA, B. C.-Feb. 7.— The United
States revenue cutter Grant is now fifteen
days out on her cruise in search for
wreckage of the mieslng sloop of war
Condor, and her arrival is expected at
any timei When she returns some ques
tions may be asked regarding complaints
that have reached here from Uclu.let and
other rancherias of the west coast of
Vancouver Island. If these stories lrom
the island coast be true— and those from
Uclulet are supported by affidavits— some
of the officers of the revenue cutter have
been trading gaudy colored prints, clothes 1
and other merchandise with the Indians
for totems, curios and money.
One of the revenue cutter's firemen is
accused of having sold whisky to Indians
of the Uclulet reservation.
Another story from this village is that
some of the crew of the Grant entered
the house of Indians on the reservation
when the residents were absent and took
a dancing head dress, which was much
prized by the tribe. • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Two Indians, Ernest and Robert of
Uclulet, have made affidavit that each
bought from a short man, believed to be
a fireman, a bottle of whisky, for which
one paid $2 and the other $1 50. They
say that the man who sold the whisky
had more bottles- hidden among the coals.
As for the complaints made that t7ie
vessel was trading, little seems to have
been done other, than to exchange a pair
of trousers, some yards of highly colored
cloth or print, or similar articles wfih
the Indians in return for Indian curios.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Men of the Grant Are
Accused of Trading
With Indians.
CUTTER'S CREW
AFTER CURIOS
"Mrs. Hutchinson was not feeling very
well and she decided to take a trip for her
health. At one time Mrs. Hutchinson was
quite wealthy, but of late years she lost
her fortune in various speculations. She
still had a comfortable Income from New
York. She -was very well educated. -1
know of no reason why she should commit
suicide, but she was morbid at times and
brooded over her financial troubles."
Madame Germain, , a palmist, who lives
in the same house with Mrs. Blackmore,
knew Mrs. Hutchinson very well. She
said: »
Friends of Mrs. Hutchinson in this city
have little doubt that she committed sui
cide by jumping off the steamship State
of -California. For some time prior to her
departure from the city Mrs. Hutchinson
had been laboring under an Intense men
tal strain, due, some say, to the loss of
considerable property she owned in the
East. She was a widow and lived in a
rooming-house on Mission street, just be
low Sixth. A day or so before she left the
city she gave up her. rooms and sent her
furniture, clothing, jewelry, etc., to some
relatives in Alameda". She took nothing
with her on the steamer but a valise, and
when she left she told Mrs. C. Blackmore,
who lives at 906 Market street, that she
was going on a short trip to get a much
needed rest. She had been ailing for the
last two months and her nervous system
was sorely taxed. Mrs. Blackmore was
prostrated last night when told of her
friend's fate. ¦ ., • ,. „.-..... .. . ... . .
Mrs. Hutchinson's Suicide.
One Cause That May Have Led to
MET FINANCIAL REVERSES,
Mrs. Hutchinson wore a' large diamond
ring and a gold chain. These were not
found in her stateroom.; Among the pas
sengers the conviction is general that the
woman committed suicide by Jumping
overboard. • • •
Mrs. Hutchinson is known to have been
on board at midnight on Wednesday, but
she has not been seen since. Her ab
sence was noticed just after the State of
California left Santa Barbara and her
stateroom was broken into. Her effects
were all there and two notes were found,
one addressed to the captain and the
other to "Mabel."- In the note to the
captain was a $10 gold piece, with the re
quest that the money be used in tele
graphing to her friends.. The captain has
not made public the further contents uf
the' note and he still has the one ad
dressed to. "Mabel."
When the State of California left San
Francisco she had as a passenger Mrs.
Hutchinson. a woman about 40 years ot
age, who was well dressed and wore gold
spectacles and who seemed to be In great
mental distress. She evidently was ex
pecting some one to come aboard at some
point below San Francisco and kept in
her stateroom, where the stewardess was
in almost constant attendance upon her.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 7.— When the Pa
cific Coast steamship State of California
arrived from San Francisco to-day one
of her passengers— Mrs. T. F. Hutchin
6on of San Francisco— was missing. From
evidence in the hands of the vessel's ofll
cers her disappearance can be accounted
for only on the theory that she commit
ted suicide. N
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Note Left by Missing Woman for the
Captain Bequests Him to
Telegraph to Her
Friends.
Her Stateroom and Find
It Empty.
Vessel's Officers Break Into
Probable Suicide of Mrs.
T. F. Hutchinson of
San. Francisco.
DISAPEARS
FROM COAST
STEAMSHIP
BANDIT CHOATE STOPS FOUR BULLETS
IN A BATTLE WITH COLUSA OFFICERS
Highwayman Who Robbed the Forest Hill Stage Arms Himself by Strategy
and Opens Fire on His Captors While Being Conveyed From Williams
to the County Seat, but Is Retaken After Badly Wounded
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1902.
Pope Attends Special Mass.
ROME, Feb. 7.— The Pope was present
at a special mass In the Slstlne Chapel
to-day, the twenty-fourth anniversary of
the death of Pope Pius IX.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— Assistant Sec
retary ot State Hill, Adjutant General
Corbin and Rear Admiral Evans hava
been officially designated as the Presi
dent's delegates for the reception and en
tertainment of H. R. H. Prince Henry of
Prussia and this title is the formal ona
used by them in all their correspondence.
3
SECOND ANNUAL
AUCTION
OF ABOUT IOOO GEMS IN
COMMENCING
TO=DAY, February 8,
10:30 A. M. AND 2 P. M. .
HAGOPUN & CO., 230 POST STREET
BETWEEN GRANT AVENUE AND STOCKTON STREET.. ¦.•;
1 A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
CATALOGUES. \ '
\ * -
1 The Pan Tourist |
I With a feolled Brim, I
$ Dipped Fronts, Wide Band. |
¥ Black, Pearl, Oxford, Steel. For dressy appearance and neatness *
X the hat is one of the most popular shapes for spring wear. jj '
I The Price $1.50 •
"£ We also are showing a complete line of the very nobbiest blocks for,- *"
X young men, in all the newest spring shades.
* The Price $2.25 %
M ¦' . •• " - •»¦
¦* *-s-^ —^—>--v_-^ — ; —^- • ¦¦*
I MEN'S Custom-Madc SUITS I
I • A VISION F SPRING; $
-fc Some of our Spring Suitings which, are now 'arriving are the prct- yt-
£ tiest in years and are already attracting wides'pre^ attention. J
+c Unfinished Worsteds, Plain and Fancy, Cheviots in Blacks *.
j and Blues, New Spring "Tweeds, Barest -..Effects in Queen's *•
* Mourning. 5 ': v J
-K We have decided to offer as a special introduction to our Spring *-
$ Tailoring a suit of any of those Fabrics W«- J
I. At $25.00 i
£ Always remember that every suit that leaves our workrooms must *
4c be a perfect fit, must be carefully and thoroughly made and completely J
*• in \ accordance with our standing motto of "Perfection in Fit." *
I Be£innfn£> to Arrive. \
-K In our Ladies' Tailoring Parlors we are now receiving some of the. 5 .
j advance styles Spring Suitings which are much admired. *•
1 1028-1030 Market street. II
J (ALSO OAKLAND). J
;**** ¥***¥¥********¥¥ »¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥V* *^^¥¥******-*V**it
<^fe^^k-.s;:i.?-:«vKji^-.-.'.-i.- -;<¦.•¦.>¦¦¦.„,.¦., ...^.^- -¦.*¦¦:¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦"WrfiMVi-fir^'-T'iVi'MTifc^'- '-• '-'¦ -•¦Vvii'"^----^-V'' l ->-^-" :: -"-^--i--v^::'f^ivv.-::-':-.v.- l1 -j l v^. ( .tfe^P^ft
f§| 'THE CHILDREN E-NJOY §§£>
i,.i::-^^- Life out of doors and out of the games which they play and the enjoy- ' r '^M>^
'^S'-^rf^Q ment which they receive and the efforts which they make, comes the C^L
,">¦•? 'ivy ' greater part of that healthful development which is so essential to their ~Jt V '-
'fn'Xffi, happiness .when grown. When a laxative is needed the remedy which is M^
r'p jit given to them to cleanse and sweeten and strengthen the internal jorgans Y-^T^
if/ ¦ on which it acts, should be such as physicians would sanction, because its ' A VJ >.-> ; >*
if/ ¦ component parts are known to be wholesome and the remedy itself free from Vv - --:b^ ;
i Iff every objectionable quality. The one remedy which physicians and parents, S?T&?: v,
ttj well-informed, approve and recommend and which the littfe ones enjoy, . '.•-!•»•?*
UJ. because of its pleasant flavor, its gentle action and its beneficial effects, is— A£\ fa
Syrup of Figs— and for the same reason it is the only laxative which should \^ N \ ? /?,*3<
.-fi-tCyf. be used by fathers and mothers. •. * f
,cpT:V-v Syrup of Figs is the only remedy which acts gently, pleasantly and §Ir^Ejf
r Ot&\;. " naturall y without griping, irritating, or nauseating and which cleanses the
'^J&r^Xs^ system effectually, without producing that constipated habit which results £]££ W,v?
tW'^'d • from the use of the old-time cathartics and modern imitations, and against -4 u -V^J
V* <»- which the children should be so carefully guarded. If you would have them tsOf «j$
~ : lk 'h ' £ row to manhood and womanhood; strong, healthy and happy, do not give Sj/^xw*
(:^V^7. them medicines, when medicines are not needed, and when nature needs O : "C^'
• : - >r ''"C- t -^ assistance in the way of a laxative, give them only the simple, pleasant and * — * t
¦^S* 6^ gentle— Syrup of Figs. ""\
: ;-ggiM . Its quality is due not only to the excellence of the combination of the >- : " c^ /
''gtfxf" laxative principles of plants with pleasant aromatic syrups and juices, but >^*^/
"*#$$¦• r l * also to our original method of manufacture and as you value the health of /**!"?$
-p the little ones, do not accept any of the substitutes -which unscrupulous deal- *' : '4&*i
-c^ s"?*^ ers sometimes offer to increase their profits. The genuine article may be &'** V
V ,£*- bought anywhere of all reliable druggists at fifty cents per bottle. Please "s£s .{
£y.<*v*ii ' to remember, the full name of the Company — . / V
£jJ5gi V-w* CALIFORNIA FIG SYR-UP CO.- is printed on "j-^A
$S : MWfK*r'J-fi'\,- the front of every pack- • .V^vV
' <?£&&&£$&:*. \,> a 8 e ' In order to get its >SVtt\ £&Y*P/Z>~i'
/\rtsM :\ (fiftt^hfi beneficial effects it is al- t&3$? A << &*£$> 4«-.
fcr.J-r>. ••'<::• \\ \'S ¦ \J{ : *V2t necessary to buy r<2V' -C "$%>j"\ 3&iS£ &~~F&tSCENES AT THE WILMERDING SCHOOL OF MECHANICAL ARTS
DURING THE VISIT OF THE UNIVERSITY REGENTS IN V CONNEC
TION "WITH THE CELEBRATION OF FOUNDER'S DAY. ¦:'.—.
STOLE k- -.WATCH.— W. A.-Ruckel was
booked at the; City. .Prison yesterday on a
charge , of .. grand larceny. He Is accused of
stealing a valuable gold watch and chain" from
J. J. Schmitt February 1.
WARRANTS \ FOR,. NAFTALTS ' ASSAIL..!
ANTS.— M. Naftaly of Oakland, who ,was hit
on the head' with ah iron 'bar Thursday night
on Ash avenue, secured warrants yesterday for
the arrest of i Morria . Less, , father, of Isidore
Less, the defaulting treasurer of ; the .Barbers'
Union, and two other , men on a • charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon.
LATE SHIPPING: UTTELLIGENCT.
DOMESTIC - PORTS.
«;AN DIEGO— Arrived Feb -7— Spnr State fit
California,- from San Fraiclsco: schr Frela.
from lower California.- "
Feb 7— Stmr State of California, for
Sa TACOMA^Sa»ed Feb 7— Bark Puritan, for
Cleared Feb 7— Br bark Cam
brtao WarrtorTtor Quetnstown. with 80,00^
bushels wheat.
' - OCEAN STEAMER. ,
* LIZARD— Passed Fet 7— Stmr Vaderlaad.
from New Y. ork, . for Antwerp.
':-•? GETS NEW TRIAL.— Mrs. Dora Schwartlnr
who was convicted In Judge Mogan's court last
August and sentenced to pay a fine of $100 for
cruelty to,; Annie Keller, -a girl who -was. in
her, charge, was 'granted a new trial .before;, the
Superior Court by Judges Cook and Dunne sit
ting ( In . bank . yesterday.
STOLE A" JANITOR'S COAT.— Henry Wal
ler one of the "drunks" discharged by. Judge
Fritz in. the City Prison ; yesterday morning,
walked down lo the basement of the' Hall of
Justice." and seeing ' the janitors' room ! door
open entered and ; stole a coat • belonging - to
George Humbert. He was arrested, for pett7
larceny. .-- .;-.¦:., .J ¦; ¦ ','¦
Lieutenant Edwin S. Jacob.
¦; : GALVESTON, Texas, Feb; 7.—LieuHen
ant-Edwin S. r Jacob; U. S. N.. in charge of
the .hydrogr&phlc ' office here, dle^d to-day.
': TOPEKA, 'Kans.,. Feb. 7.— Because she was
about to secure a divorce from him, John Kay,
an employe of Crosby's flour mill," beat his wife
to death with a. flatiron last evening. He then
attempted to take his own. life by hanging him
self from a bridge near his home.': He was cut
down before life was extinct and revived.
NEW- YORK.; Feb.' 7. — The ship L. Schepp,
from Hongkong, which : went , ashore \ on '• . Feb- :
ruary 3, off Point Lookout, . was floated . early
to-day and started for this port ln\ tow,';; .;. .> ;
' TACOMA," Feb. -7.— Burglars the
store of .W. Erllchman, Eighth street and,:Pa-'
cine avenue, last night, ..and stole (1600. worth 1
of " goods. > The store. Is within a block- of -the
Central police station. ' v ',¦' .' . '. ;
"" SAULT ! ST. i MARIE," Ontario,* Feb. 7.—
Frederick Schultas was hanged here to-day., One
night In August last Schultz returned home in
toxicated, and after a quarrel with Mrs.. Craig,
a woman who passed as bis wife, deliberately
shot her. ¦'.Vi-. : -''---/'-V-v'-''> > .' -V
OAKLAND, Feb'. 7.— Licenses to* marry
were issued to-day to Joseph S. Secada
over 21, Centerville, and Louise P. 'Ma^
chado, over 18, "Alvarado; - Frank P. Ma
chado, over 21," Alvarado, and Mary s.
Marshall, over 18, Centerville; John Gil
foy, 4?.: and Louise Dauphlm, 37, . both of
San Francisco;. -Frederick Wagner 21
and. Henrietta M. Brand, 21, both of Ala
meda; August Schutt,~29, and Dora s
Koenlg, 22. both of Oakland., . <
Licensed to Marry.
D. J. James, a sailor, was arrested last
night while trying to break. Into; the store
of Ph Bruckner, a furrier at 12 Grant
avenue. James got on the roof of the
building and was preparing to lower him
self through a skylight into the store
when Officers Connor and;Flynn caught
him A large reviver was found on
James when he was Marched at the City
Prison. /
Sailor Turns Burglar.
Will Discuss Fog Phenomena.
One of. the series of lectures' now belns
held by the Mechanics' Institute will be
delivered to-night at the Mechanics' In
stitute library building by Professor ai
exander G. McAdle. chfef It *tS Tweather
Bureau of this city. The subject of the
lecture will be "Fog PhenomenT" and it
will .be illustrated by, stereopUcon vtews!
Recommends Site for Pesthouse.
The Supervisors' Health and Hospital
Committee met yesterday .. and recom
mended the ; purchase of the site offered
by the Bay View Land Company for a
pesthouse. The price; is 58O0O .for an eight
acre tract, but it will cost $5605 to build
a roadway and fence in order to wt«r
cess- to the property, which Is situated in
South San Francisco. The offer nf*vw!
Partridge estate site- was rejected Thl
proposed grdmance authoriztrisr an- Vi
penditure of.JoOOO to Increase the p^eslnt
accommodations at the .pesthoui «n
Twenty-sixth street was rSctaded *n«
the committee will recommend I that efec i
tibn booths be pressed into service to ac.
commodate Datlents. . , ig -" t
........... - - •* - - - ¦_¦ •• •
PLANS HISTORICAL
EVENT, FOR THE FAIR
Bring Over a Hegiment of
French Troops.
Director of Exhibits • Skiff Would
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 7.— Director of Exhibits
Frederick J. V. Skiff has conceived a com
panion scheme for the dirigible balloon
contest. He would have a full Frene.i
regiment sent over from France to repre
sent the republic in the great historical
event. Never before, except on an er
rand of war, has a French regiment *et
foot on American soil. Director Skiff
thinks that. the presence of a French regi
ment in this city celebrating the greatest:
instance of territorial expansion in l»is
tory would be most seemly and appro
priate. France and America, united in
history and sentiment in more ways than
one, and an American regiment escorting
a French regiment through the exposition
gates on the first day of the fair, would,
Mr. Skiff says, be an event worth atten
tion the world over. v : -> X
COUNT KILLS PRINCE:
IN DUEL WITH PISTOLS
Brother-in-Law of Galatzin Has a
Battle With the Latter at
Basle.
LONDON, Feb. 7.— It is reported here
"from Paris that Prince Galatzin was re
cently wounded in a pistol duel with -his
brother-in-law, Count Tschernadoff, at
Basle. •
The Cologne correspondent of tfce Daily
Mail reported that the body of Prince
Galatzin has passed through Cologne on
the way to St.' Petersburg. The corre
spondent says that this is the first inti
mation that the Prince had been killed..
. llAi.FMOON. : BAT, . Feb."; 7.— JThe . dwelling,
house and barber shop of Anton Drum was de
stroyed by fire last 'night.
Ex-Police Officer Charles O'Mallejr, who
was retired on a pension several years
ago was stricken with apoplexy yesterday
and fell down a flight of stairs In hia
home at 3605 Twentieth street, receiving
fatal injuries. O'Malley is over 60 years
of ace and the physicians attending him
at the County Hospital, where he- was re
moved for treatment, say that his chances
of recovery are very slight. ¦¦ - sr
Former Policeman Fatally Injured.
Ray. ' ' Button Garllck, who. passed a
forged check on W. K. Vanderslice & Co.,
jewelers, Thursday evening. -representing
himself as a nephew of President Alvord
of the Bank of California, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday on a charge of
forgery. The complaining witness was D.
Marshall of the Vanderslice Company. A
dispatch from Tficoma says that close ac«
quaintances, who believe. Roy Garllck to
be a degenerate, were. not surprised .to»
day to learn of his arrest in this city,
On several occasions he is alleged' to have
taken money belonging to others, though
these shortages were always made good,
with the result that he was never prose
cuted. His father can explain his down
fall only by his passion. for dress.
Gaflick Is Booked for Forgery.
' The San. Francisco Labor Council passed
a resolution last evening disapproving any.
reduction in the tariff on. Imports of {to
bacco, raw and manufactured, from Cuba
in as much as such reduction would seri
ously injure the tobacco industry -of the
United States. The • resolution further
calls upon the Representatives in Con
gress to safeguard the existing "tariff on
tobacco. It wa9 also resolved that stepa
be taken to conserve -the maritime trade
between American ports to American ves
sels The council furthermore resolved
to memorialize Congress with regard to
Irrigation. - ¦>< .. - /..-¦ •¦¦¦-¦¦¦
of Tobacco From Cuba Would : ,
. :, Be Injurious. >
Eecides That Reduction on Imports
LABOR COTTNCTL PASSES *•¦
; • RESOLUTION •'- ON TARIFF
LEV. 3>B. NIETO SPEAKS
OF JEWS OF THE GHETTO
Rabbi Voorsanger, Unable to Lecture
Owing to Indisposition, Promises
. Address Next Friday.
The Rev. Dr. Nieto' chose, for his lec
ture last evening at the Congregatior
Sherith Israel the condition of the Jew
and his rise from the Ghetto, pointing
out the wrong- of those of his coreligion
ists -who sneered at the people of his race
who came from the Ghetto. At the same
time he charged the Christian with un
christian feeling , when he looked witt
contempt upon the children of the Ghetto.
The strides into the most approved meth
ods of civilization on the part of the Jew
under the circumstances of his bondage
has not been emulated by any other peo
ples of the earth. .
Rabbi Voorsanger through lndlsposltlOD
had to forego the delivery of his prom
ised' lecture to the members of the Con
gregation Emanu-El last evening. The
rabbi, in begging the indulgence of ois
congregation, said- that he had even tried
to imagine that he was perfectly well, but
the science had not come to his rescue^
for try ever so much to believe mmseii
well still he had not realized that satis
factory condition. He promised the lee
ture for next Friday evening, his subject *
being "What Civilization Has Done tv^
the Bible." ' ' -.
The testimony of Dr. Trephagen, chem
ist at the Agricultural College, was the
feature of to-day's session. -Dr. Trepha
gen said he was present when, the autopsy,
was performed on the. body of Black.
Later he ! analyzed \ the contents of ; the
stomach and found minute quantities of
morphine and arsenic. He also found that
the liver had become affected by the same
poison. The examination of the . expert
was gone into very thoroughly by the
prosecuting attorney.- His testimony was
clear and explicit. y ,' • . ,.
BOZEMAN. Mont. .Feb.. 7.— The trial of
Mrs. Lucy Black, who is charged with
the murder of her husband,' developed an
other phase to-day. Evidence indicates
that John H. Black died of' arsenic or
morphine poisoning, but the State has yet
to rix the crime.. '.'/¦'
in the Mysterious Black Case
in Montana.
Expert Gives Sensational Testimony
ARSENIC OR MORPHINE '
- , CATJSE OF HIS DEATH
Mr. Wilmerding was a good citizen, an hon
est, upright man; and he firmly believed that
such an institution as this would aid the boys
who came within its influence to become good
citizens and upright men. And If your ex
perience here, the Instruction which you obtain
here, if your association with the teachers un
der whose charge yor i-c, shall tend even in
some small degree .- make your after -life
easier, and aid- yon • become - good citizens
and honorable . member ? of the community, -the
wishes of the founder of this school will be
realized. . . . .
The fact that ', you have taken a course of
instruction here will not insure your success
after you leave here. You will have a great
advantage over' the young man who has not
had the training and Instruction and associa
tion which you have enjoyed here, but whether
you shall achieve success in lifo will depend
upon the showing you make lifter you engage
in the trade which you- may learn while here.
In other words, will depend upon yourselves.
If you make good use or the moral and mental
instruction which you , receive here you will
certainly become useful members of society.
pelled to rely upon their own resources and
to find without aid from others the path which
leads to success. He had honesty, industry
and intelligence, • and although these I consti
tuted his only capital, -we shall see. that to
them is to be attributed the success which he
achieved. And any boy who possesses these
attributes can accomplish as great • success as
Mr. Wllmerdins did. ... . . •
He was born in the State of New Y6rk in
1831. He received an ordinary education, leav
ing school when still quite a boy. He was.
without means. He had no trade or profession.,
nor the money or influence to. obtain one. He
was situated as many boys are who are com-
Keceived Ordinary Education.
I have been asked to say a few words to you
about Mr. Wilmerding, the founder of this In
stitution, and to tell you why he provided the
money to endow it. There is really not much
to be said about llr. "Wiimerding. He was a
quiet, reserved man with. a. big heart, and gen
erous impulses, but one who shrunk instlnc
tivtly from everything approaching show or
ostentation. He. could not tolerate flattery,
and knowing how distasteful everything' In the
nature, of flattery was to/him. I shall be care
ful not to indulge in any fulsome praise in
the few words which I shall say to you about
him.
Happily, we have with us to-day the 'man
¦who wrote thofc words at Mr. Wilmerdlng's
dictation. We have asked him to come here
and talk to us, because we can; feel that he is
reflecting to us something of Mr. Wllm»-rdingr's
remarkable personality. I have the pleasure
of introducing Mr. E. J. McCAitchen.
- Mr. McCutchen spoke in part ' as fol
lows:
who cared for praise. Any formal expression
of thanks that plight come from us, howsoever
Eincera. would not be sufficient for a man of
his kind.
Shortly before 2 o'clock the fire depart
ment was called out, but efforts to drown
the flames were futile. All that could be
done was to guard against possible burst
ing of the tank and spread of the burninjr
oil. Out of the opening the flames blew
In a solid column for houra. The blaze il
lumined the sky with- picturesque effect
The oil was consigned to the Standard
Oil Company. The loss is several thou
sand dollars. The railroad men think the
fire was caused by tramps.
The heat and fire nearly drove the men
off the. engine before the objective point—
the big water tanks— was reached. But
the engineer stuck to his cab and had the
furnace-like tank under the pumps be
fore he abandoned the -blazing caldron of
oil. - ¦ . ... i
Nicholls was In charge "of train 201.
bound In, from the south, -with a- heavy
load of freight cars. Just as the engine,
with Lazardo In the cab, passed the stock
yards lire was seen in the middle of the
train. A quick stop was made and the
train crew investigated, only to discover
that a big. double- tank car filled to the
brim -with refined oil was ablaze. Instead
of abandoning the train Nicholls and La
zardo ran down to a siding. The men cut
out the blazing car and It was hooked on
to the locomotive.-'; Then at top speed,
forty-five miles 'an' hour, the run was
made into the yards, with the' oil burning
furiously. - The , cap : on the opening Into
the tank blew off and the flames shot 100
feet into the air. '
It was only presence of mind and per
sonal courage that prevented .a loss, of
'hundreds of thousands of dollars to the
Southern Pacific Company, and the prob
able loss, of two lives.' The occurrence
was the topic of Interest to-day among
the railroad men at the yards.
To save a trainload of valuable mer
chandise from destruction Kngineer La
zardo and Conductor Nicholls of the
Southern Pacific Company took their lives
in their hands this morning, when they
hauled . a loaded tank car holding 30,003
gallons of blazing kerosene into the West
Oakland railroad yards, danger of a ter
rific explosion confronting the men at
every foot of the wild " ride from West
Berkeley. " . ""
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 7.
The California Mining Association also
is Interested and - the mine workers are
expected to speak through their organiza
tion, the United Mine Workers. The mem
bers of the California delegation and those
of other' mining States are seconding the
efforts of Wood, who expects to have the
House Committee on Mines and Mining
take up the question at an early date.
POOLROOM MEN LOSE
TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
Wires Supposed to Have Been Tnp
ped and Sensational Disclos
ures Are Expected.
CINCINNATI. Feb. 7i-The Covington
end Newport poolrooms were hit last
evening for over $20,000. There were many
surmises as to how it was done, but it is
asserted that the wires xjtre tapped some
place north of Dayton, Ohio, as other
poolrooms were hit south of liere and
none north of Dayton- •",,?**• .^, '
Most of the tnoney -«in.: the poolrooms
here was secured by visitors from Day
ton, and it was won on LAdy Kent in the
last race at New Orleans. The poolroom
men say that their report was delayed
fifteen minutes, whereby each \of the
rooms was hit for over $4000 on that race.
The telegraph company and the poolroom
men have instituted an Investigation,
which, they say, will result in sensational
developments In a short time.
rAVOE THE CEEATION
OF MINING DEPARTMENT
Idany Organizations in tho West
Wcrk Actively for Representative
Wood's Measure.
WASHINGTON. F*b. 7.— Mining organi
sations in the West are manifesting much
interest in a bill Introduced by Represen
tative Wood of California creating a. De
partment of Mining under a Cabinet offi
cer. Large gatherings of the mining in
terests held at Cripple Creek. Colo., and
Boise, Idaho, have urged the adoption of
the measure.
On the 8th day of February, 1833, J. Clute
Wllmc-rding executed his last will, in which
he provided for the endowment of this insti
tution. Two years ago last month the present
building was finished and the first' class of stu
dents was admitted. At a recent meeting of
the Wilmerding committee of the regents of
the Vnlversity of California it via? resolved
to set apArt the Sth day of February each
year, or the nearest school day thereto, to be
observed by us as founder's day. In carrying
out this purpose n j g our p] an to make this
occasion, not a holiday, but rather one of dou
ble usefulness. In addition to our regular
daily programme of instruction." we have askei
«v«-ybody who may feel' interested in the Wil
merding; School to come here and See us at
work. We want them to know what manner of
school it is that we are conducting here, and
whether we. are making the best qf the oppor
tunities afforded us by the founder. ¦ From
•what I have learned from men who knew Mr.
Wilmerding I Judge that he was ' not a man
Observe Founder's Day.
In introducing Mr. McCutchen to the
pupils Director Merrill spoke in part as
follows: ¦ .
IT was "Founder's day" at. the Wil-,
merdiiagr School of Industrial ' Arts
yesterday. . This important event in
the annals of the institution was fit
tingly observed by teachers and pu
pils. In the afternoon the school was
thrown open to visitors and the parents
and friends of the youths who are en
gaged in fitting themselves to make their
living with their hands, "with little study
and plenty of work," as provided for by
the benefactor, saw them at work.
The visitor had an opportunity of see
ing the lads at work in the shops an«I
classrooms. The work cf the pupils was
insp*>cted and greatly admired. At the
present time there are more than 125 boya
being taught carpentry. bricklaying,
plumbing, forework. el>y modeling, cab
inet making and architectural drawing.
The school is in co-operation, with the
- Lick School, which is located opposite
the Wilmerding.
In the morning Regents J. F. Houghton,
W. T. 'Va!!ace and S. C. Irvine of the
University of California visited the insti
tution -and made a thorough inspection of
the school. George A. Merrill. B. S.. di
rector of the L.ick/ and Wilmerding
-schools, and Vice Principal George F.
Wood shov.od the visitors through the
different departments. .When the com
mittee had seen everything the pupils
.gathered in the assembly room and lis
tened to an address by Edward J. Mc-
Cutchen. who was attorney and an Inti
mate friend of the founder of the institu
tion.
Wild was a native. of Tennessee and 34
years old. He leaves a wife and two chil
dren: , , .. . . , , -..',, " '.-
Horace M. Wild," a well-known baseball
player, died tlfis morning at his home,
1008 Tenth avenue, from the results of an
injury received six years -ago while in
dulging In his favorite pastime. He was
struck on the head with a baseball, the
effect of which never passed away and
finally brought death to him.
The game at which Wild received the
fatal blow was being played in San Fran
cisco. He was struck accidentally on the
left side of the head while preparing to
take his place at the bat. The- pain did
not annoy him much and he paid, little
attention, to it, although it recurred occa
sionally. .
Until six months ago Wild Was not se
riously troubled with the pains. . Then,
when he began to suffer considerably, he
consulted a physician. He was advised to
so to a hospital, -which he did, but' got no
relief, the pains seeming to increase. Fi
nally he lost the sight of both eyes, the
pressure having destroyed the optic nerve.
This was followed by complete paralysis
of the body. The doctors then declared
that he had progressive paralysis, result
ing from a. blow on the head, and that he
could not recover. . . . . •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1H8 Broadway, Feb. 7.
Railroad Men Run for
Miles With Blazing
• \ Tankcar.
Horace ;M. Wild Siic
;" cumbs Frorrf TSftects"
- of a Blow. •¦¦¦¦.;••>> -
IMPERIL LIVES
TO SAVE TRAIN
She was on her way to eaten the 2:4;
o'clock train for Palo Alto to fill a posi
tion as waitress in the employ of NPau?
Harris. While in the city she. lived at
405 Geary street. .. .,-
WOMAN NABROWLY ESCAPES
DEATH TJITOER CARWHEELS
Delia Bowler Is Knocked Down, bui
Gets Off With Scalp
., ..... :." . "Wounds. ;
Delia Bowler, a waitress, was knocked
down by a Hayes-street car at the. cross-
Ing of Market and Third streets yester
day afternoon^ At the time of the acci
dent there were many vehicles and cars
in the vicinity, and it is supposed thai
the woman became bewildered and die
not hear the warning given by Bert Wal
ton, the gripman. Others who saw th«
accident say that it was, due to the verj
slippery condition. of. the street.
Walton declares that the woman stood
on the tracks and did not seem to know
which way to go. He repeatedly rang his
bell as he was approaching and also pul
on the brakes, but ¦ without avail. The
woman -was knocked down with great
force .. and sustained severe cuts on th«
scalp. Several men hastened to her as
sistance and carried her to the Gram
drug store, to which place an_ambulane*
from the Emergency Hospital was sum
moned. At the hospital : Dr. -McElroy
dressed the wounds and-, pronounced th«
woman out of danger, a -•¦¦¦ ..-:.•
CIVIL WAR .VETERAN WHO
HAS PASSED TO HIS FINAL
REWARD.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred M. Thall will be
pleased to see their, relatives and friends
at the Synagogue Sherith Israel, corner
Post and Taylor streets, at the barmttz
vah of their twin sons, Leon and Arthur
Thall, .to-day. Reception Sunday, Febru
ary 9, from 2 to 5 o'clock at ; 121 Grove
street. . •- . .-¦•¦' ',-¦ - '- .' . ¦ -• '.' .. '
A very pleasant dinner party waB given
Thursday evening by Mrs. Henrietta Zeile
at her home, 1717 California street. Orchids
were used to decorate the table and for
individual souvenirs. Those present were:
Miss Sophie Borel, Miss.- Alice Borel, Miss
Paula Wolff, Miss Lottie Woods, Miss
Persis Coleman. Mrs. Bishop, Jlr/S. H. Z.
Ohrwall, Dr. Gibbons, Harry Melone, E.
Rideout, John Lewis, John Zeile, Mr.
Bishop and Edmund Baker.
Among those who received yesterday
were Mrs. George N. Kline and Miss
Helen Kline at 2601 Fillmore street, Mrs.
Samuel Knight and Mrs. Henry O. Beatty.
Miss Cluff gave a very pretty luncheon
Thursday at her home as a farewell to
Mrs. L. H. Bryan and Miss Rowena
Burns, who leave to-day for a. six weeks'
trip to Mexico. The decorations . were
especially fine.
* >' * • ?
Mrs. A. W. Wilson gave an enjoyable
card party to a small party of friends
yesterday afternoon. It was a delightful
affair. - :-.-,. "¦
Mrs. Walter E. Dean was hostess at a
beautiful card party to thirty-six friends
at the Palace Hotel yesterday afternoon.
The decorations were red. The guests
were charmingly entertained.
E. M. Greenway led the cotillon. The
music was excellent and the dance waa
thoroughly enjoyed until a late hour as
well as the dainty supper at midnight.
Many elaborate and costly gowns were
worn.. Ml?s . Elsa Llchtenberp of San
Rafael was beautiful in pale blue point
d'esprit over blue silk, with -garniture of
white Chantilly lace and blue ribbon.
The decollete bodice was also trimmed
with pink baby roses, wh:ch also outlined
the flounce of the skirc. Miss Foster of
San Rafael was daintily gowned in pink
crepe with bands of silver spangles on the
bodice. Miss Edith Herrin waa piquant in
pale pink silk batiste appliqued with satin
ribbon. The garniture was in pastelle
shades and two pink -ostrich feathers
were worn in the hair. Mrs. McKIttrJck
was charming in black crepe de chine em
broidered with silver spangles. Miss Red
mond was prettier than ever . in white
crepe de chine with garniture of white
lace. Miss Kathryn Robinson was radi
ant In a most becoming white pina cloth
gown and wore in her hair a silver spun
gled butterfly. Miss Catherine Herrin
was beautiful in a princess gown of heavy
cream lace over white chiffon. Miss Lll
lie Spreckels looked especially charming
In a white gown and pink and white
orchids. Miss Elsie Sperry attracted
much admiration In white chiffon with
a transparent yoke dotted with pink ap
ple blossoms, which were also festooned
about the flounce. Miss Margaret Salis
bury was artistic and pretty in pink
striped plna cloth over pink silk, with
white lace and a pink rose in her hair.
Miss Sarah Calhoun wore a dainty 'cre
ation of rose-colored rhadama^ and chif
fon.
The final Jeunesse cotillon last. evening
in Native Sons' Hall was a; brilliant /suc-^
cess and one long to be -remembered.*-' .The:
decorations were- in. especially, good taste.
It was a whiteiCoiiilon/if.The balcony "was:
draped in whjKV'&estDoned with ..foliage^
The stage w/s^hiciciy /> set Jwith,' palest
pink apple blosBobis;:'. completely 'hiding
the orchestra.; -In'the "center of .the hall
was a large canopy of; soft white- folds,
held In place with garlands of green. The
ballroom was a" Veritable fairyland. •
The several hundred /guests were re
ceived by the patronesses, Mrs. McKitt
rick, Mrs. Voorhies.^rs. Mills, Mrs. Mc-
Clung and Mrs. H. E.^Huntington. r Mrs.
A. W. Foster and Mrs. John D. Spreckels,
also patronesses, were unable .to be pres
ent and Miss Spreckels assisted. '
LA JEUNESSE
LAST COTILLON
A BIG SUCCESS
INJURY FINALLY
CAUSES DEATH
p*\T< HE ¦ members ' . of George ¦ . H.
' II Thomas Post - will hold j solemn
I -funeral- services to-morrow after
• JJL noon over the body of .their late
; comrade, Dr. -Hayes. Clifton
French, who died last .Wednesday. The
deceased was a prominent member of the
post,' and was also oneof the. best known
citizens in the city, having resided in the
Mission for over twenty years. . i
I In 18S7 Dr. French, was elected surgeon
of the post. He also held a similar posi
tion in the. Veteran Guard, G. A. R. » ¦'
When, the Civil War broke^ out Dr.
French enlisted at Ypsilanti, Mich., In
Company E, Seventeenth Michigan Infan
try. .He fought in "the. battles of South.
Mountain and was in the severe-engage
ment at Antietam. Dr. French has a
father living in Cleveland. Ohio, who; la'
now 93 years of age. - .The deceased leaves
a wife, and "two children, -the eldest of
whom is now visiting friends, in Japan.
' Interment -will be in, the family plat at
Laurel Hill Cemetery. . ... . .
According to • this -woman General Her
rera sent word to: the Government gen
eral, Castro, to Surrender. The latter an
swered that he had been sent out to fight
and was ready to do so.
The plans s of the revolutionists indicate
their intention .to attack Panama-, but
they are undoubtedly awaiting reinforce
ments. The only fighting, so far has" been
between two exploring parties in the vi.
clnltyof Tonosi, where the revolutionists
landed.' - ¦ ¦. _ .- .* .
General Herrera proposed that the Con
suls addressed ask their respective gov
ernments to declare the- line of the Pan
ama-Colon Railroad to be neutral ground
within which the Government should not
build entrenchments or the Liberals ¦ at
tack, and that only. a police force be left
to guard the line. General Herrera said
he proposed, if possible, to compel the
Government to attack the Liberal : forces/
and that the Liberals had a strong fleet
and army -provided with cannon, etc.
General Herrera also declared in his note
that the Liberals considered the capture
of Panama and Colon : to be absolutely
necessary for the development of their
military plans; that they would act to
obtain, such results, and that in due time
they would notify the Consuls of p such
proposed action, allowing twenty
four hours for foreigners to take ref
uge at a. place of safety to be agreed upon
with the Consuls,, and that the point so
selected should not be fired upon. , • :
COLON, Colombia, -Feb., 7.— The wife of
a Government soldier who . was made a
prisoner by the rebels last month and
who managed to escape .from General
Herrera's command, arrived, at Panama
last night. She. reports that- the Liberal
forces, to the number of 1500 men, are
encamped from <, Penono-Ue to Chame
(about seventy , miles < southwest of Pan
ama), and that General Herrera and his
staff are at Chame. :•: '
The note from General Herrera was ad
dressed to the American, French, British
and German Consuls here. In it General
Herrera declared, among other things,
that the government of Senor . Maroquin,
the President of Colombia, was not law
ful, and that therefore the rebels, al
though deploring the bloody,results of the
war, would fight to the end- for ; the ulti
mate' suecess of the LiberaL'principles..
A conference of the Consuls was held.
'PANAMA, Colombia, Feb. 7.— Colonel
Jullen del Castillo, an envoy from Gen
eral . Herrera, the insurgent commander,
arrived' here last night escorted by po
lice and left Panama at 10 o'clock. Gov
ernor-: Arjona received important ; papers
from Colonel del Castillo for himself and
the foreign Consuls.
¦WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— The Senati
Committee on the Philippines to-day con.
tinued Its consideration of the revenue o;
the Philippine' Islands. Governor Taft be
ing still on the stand."
Taft began his statement with an expla
nation of that portion of his testimony ol »
yesterday to the effect that sentiment waj
the main reason for asking a substantial
reduction of the rates of the Dingley law
so far as they apply to the Philippines,
saying he feared that the statement mlgh,
be misunderstood. The idea he had meant
1 te convey .by that statement was that tht
Philippine Commission welcomes ever>
evidence of a desire on the part of tht
American people to aid the Philippine peo
ple, and he believed that any such evl
dence of discrimination would aid the
Philippine administration In its work.
That in time such a concession a3 was
proposed would be of vast benefit to the
farmers of the islands-and practically al
the inhabitants are farmers— he did no
doubt. He was sure the political effec!
would be good, but that there would be
any immediate substantial effect. he did
not think was true, regardless of tht
statement made in his official report thai
such a change would cause an advance u
trade by "leaps and bounds. He did not
mean to withdraw the recommendation
on the contrary, he would be glad to havt
a reduction of 50 per cent. A \* ¥ *.
Governor Taft also explained that h«
had not intended to convey the idea that
the 65,000,000 acres of land in the Philip
pines not controlled by private ownershir
is arable. Much of the area Is, he saiu.
covered by mountain ranges, and is nol
therefore capable of cultivation.
In response to a suggestion from Sen
ator Culberson, Governor Taft said he
did not thin~ the —U providing a tariQ
between the United states and tne Philip
pines should be temporary, as Is the cas«
with reference to the Porto «ican bill.
Speaking of the new revenue bill passed
by the Philippine Commission, he saio
that so far the effect is conjectural, but
that it was hoped the amount under the
impetus it would give to the trade would
soon equal the returns secured under the
old laws, which was $9,000,000 or $10,000,000.
There had. so far been a great increase in
the importation" or food products, especial,
ly canned goods, which principally came
from the United States.
Governor Taft next explained the con
tracts which have been let for harbor im
provements, involving- an expenditure ol
J3.000.000. In response to questions bj
Hale he said that contracts also had been
let for the construction of twenty
launches, or small sea-going boats, for the
transportation of mall and of provincial
officers. The cost of these boats would
be $1,000,000. He had asked for bids f rone
San Francisco, he said, but they were sc
high the commission was obliged to con
tract for them with Shanghai firms.
Governor Taft asked for power to pass
general corporation laws. Most of the en
terprises there now, he explained, ar«
controlled "by English -capitalists. Dubois
wanted to know if it would not be ad
vantageous to the : Government to build
and control railroads, telephones, etc.
"That is a question for economic consid
eration," answered Governor Taft, "whlcfc
the commission wishes to avoid." .
Reverting 1 to the subject of corporations,
Governor Taft thought it would be wlsn
for Congress to give to the commissior
some discretionary power in the mattei
of the building of railroads.
Herrera Galls Upon Gov
ernment General "" Oastro
• v to Surrender. : .
San Francisco Bids for Twentj
New Vessels Were Too
High.
Colombian Liberals In
tend to Take Colon
and Panama.
AtWrney E. J. McCutchen Eulogizes Benefactor of the Institution, and Vis
itors Throng the Class Rooms and Shops and Watch the Boys Pre
paring to Earn a Living With Their Hands When- They, Are Graduated
Philippine Governor Elu
" cidates Argument on
Revenue.
REBELS PREPARE
FOR AN ATTACK
FOUNDER'S DAY FITTINGLY OBSERVED
BY PUPILS OF WILMERDING SCHOOL
TAFT EXPLAINS
HIS TESTIMONY
CIVIL WAR VETERANS TO HOLD
SERVICES OVER DEAD COMRADE
George H. Thomas Post Will Conduct Funeral of
J Its Late Surgeon, -Dr. Hayes Clifton French,
Who Died at His Home on Wednesday Last
THE SAN FRANCISCO SATURDAff,' FEBRUARY'S, 1902.
4Reorganization Question
Will Be Considered by
Uninstructed Members
Federation of Women's
\ Clubs Refuses to Di
rect Representatives
DELEGATES TO GENERAL CONVENTION
FREE TO VOTE AS THEY DEEM BEST
Miss I*. Eaves entertained a large audi
ence in the rooms of the San Francisco
Settlement Association last evening with,
a lecture on California and Mexico. Stere
opticon views were used to illustrate the
lecture. There are twenty-two clubs in
the association and the combined mem
bership is more than 1000.
Lecture on California and Mexico.
The check Inclosed In the letter was for
550. Taylor called upon Chief Wittman
yesterday with the letter and inclosure.
a3d the matter will be laid before the
Commissioners, as their consent is neces
sary before the check can be accepted.
Mr. Charles Taylor — Dear Sir: Only those
who heard the rapid firini? on the morning: of
the murder of Officer Robinson can appreciate
the danger you were In and how Justly you
won your zaedal and praises for your bravery.
Will you accept the inclosed check from one
who realises what a 6er\ice you have done to
those whom you have under your protection
and -who hopes you will be ever as fortunate
in escaping danger sle you did that morning?
Tours truly. MARY F. BARROX.
February 6, 1902.
Policeman Charles F. Taylor's brave
deed in shooting one of the murderers of
Policeman Eugene Robinson is meeting
¦with its reward. Resides being presented
with a gold medal by Chief Wittman and
tn extra month's pay by the Police Com
missioners, he received the following let
ter yesterday morning from Mrs. Mary
A. Barron. 183S Mission street:
dent, Sends Him a Check for
Fifty Dollars.
ULts. Mary A. Barron, a Mission Resi-
APPRECIATES BRAVEEY
OF POLICEMAN TAYLOR
The demand for tickets for the carnival
has been much greater than last year.
There were more tickets sold yesterday
than were sold on the corresponding day
last year.
Ttie procession will probably be one of
the grandest ever seen at a Mardi Gras
ball in this city. Particular care will be
taken to arrange the more beautiful and
artistically dressed characters in such a
position In the line as to give the gay
Vae^ant a glittering effect.
James W. Byrne, chairman of the ex
ecutive committee. Is taking a great In
terest In the preliminary preparations for
the fete. One innovation which he has
introduced will be the decorating: of the
outside of the building with gayly colored
electric globes. These lights will be vis
ible from almost every quarter of the
city. The lights are similar to those used
In all the big Parisian fetes and were pur
chased especially for the occasion by
Byrne during a recent trip to Paris.
Two full orchestras will be on hand to
dispense music The music will be under
tha direction of Herman Heyman, who
has secured the services of Gerald Barton
to write the score for the court festivities.
Members of the Bohemian Club will fur
nish the chorus. Calcium lights will be
used while the carnival procession Is
moving from the library, where it will
form, to the main ballroom.
Exceptionally lavish preparations are
being made for the Mardi Gras ball which
will be given next Tuesday night at the
Hopkins Institute of Art. For the past
three days a score of electricians and dec
orators have been at work on the Interior
of the institute building festooning: the
walls with evergreens interspersed with
various colored. Incandescent lights. Some
of the costly pictures still occupy their
allotted places on the walls of the gal
leries, but the most of the works of art
have given way to bunches of myrtle,
Christmas trees and bunting.
The Searles gallery, where Prince Car
nival and his court will hold forth, is
decorated in an artistic way. The house
gallery is beautifully decorated with Cni
i;eso balloons, lanterns and yellow and
Cieen bunting-.
Mardi Gras Ball Promises to
Be the Most Enjoyable
Ever Seen Here.
Hopkins Institute of Art
Is Being Handsomely
Decorated.
GETTING READY
FOR CARNIVAL
SCEXE AT THE CLOSING SESSION OF THE CONVENTION AND CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE ON EDU
CATION/WHO DELIVERED ONE OF THE BRIGHTEST ADDRESSES HEARD ON.THE FLOOR SINCE THE
OPENING OF THE PROCEEDINGS." . - • - .
At a meeting of the newly elected board
of directors of the Associated Charities
of! San Francisco 4 held ; yesterday at 606
Montgomery street the following officers
were elected: 'President. Osgood Putnam;
first vice president, Charles A. Murdock,
second vice president, Rev. Frederick
Clampett; secretary of board, Miss Vir
ginia Fitch'; treasurer, S. W. Levy. The
title of the registrar, Miss Katharine C.
Felton. was changed to general secretary,
to conform to the usage common among
the organizations of the Eastern States.
Associated Charities Elect Officers.
' The Board of Education yesterday . re
scinded the resolution providing for half
day sessions in the Hearst School as the
result of placing the outside classes in
the main building! The outside classes
will be consolidated with those in the
school. The following 1 named teachers
will be consolidated out until the outside
rooms can be put -in proper condition:
Miss I. L- Downing, Miss A. Harrower,
Miss F. S. Haynes, Miss E. Cadwalader,
Miss F. Van Den Berg and Mrs. H. B.
Steele. r ¦ -^y.
tion Providing Half -Day Ses
sions in Hearst School.
Board of Education Rescinds Resolu-
SIX TEACHERS LOSE
•POSITIONS TEMPORATtTTig
The parents made several futile at
tempts to reach the children but wero
driven back by the flames, and after the
fire had subsided somewhat they were al
most frozen before aid came from neign
bors. Robertson says the hearth fire was
well covered, and that the fire, which
started from the lower floor, must have
been of incendiary origin.
HOBTON. Kans., Feb. 7.— Fire In tha
big car works of the Rock Island Railroad
to-day caused the death of two persona
and the destruction of $250,000 worth of
property. The dead are P. H. McKeon.
president of the Board of Education, and
W. H. Davis, an employe of the car works.
The fire broke out at 4 o'clock In the hair
sorting room of the cabinet department,
and spread so rapidly that the employes
on the second floor and in Superintendent
Studer's office barely escaped, many be
ing slightly injured. The walls of the car
shops fell twenty minutes after the fire
was discovered.
The loss on the building is $50,000; ma
chinery, $100,C00: material, J100.000. Tha
fire is still raging in the lumber yard,
which- contains 5.000,000 feet of lumber.
The buildings, machinery and material
that escaped are valued at $2,000,000. The
company will rebuild the car shops at
once.
The fire, which is thought to have start
ed from sparks from an open hear"t.
spread so rapidly that Mr. and Mrs. Rob
ertson found all means or escape fc «iK .^f
the children, who were asleep in another
room, and were compelled to jump fiom
a second-story window dressed only in
their njght clothes in order to save the.r
own lives.
CUMBERLAND. MA, Feb. 7.— At 3
o-'clock this morning the farmhouse of
William B. Robertson, about twenty-nine
miles east of here on the Maryland s.dc
of the Potomac River, was destroyed- by
fire, and four of the Robertson children.
Pearl, Owen, Eftle and Joseph, the oiaest
aged 10' years and the youngest 4 years,
were cremated.
Parents Strive Vainly to
Rescue Their Little
Ones.
If reform is to come it must come from out
side of the spbere of political Influence. If the
boss Is a' power under present conditions, what
would be his power If he was -put at the head
of.- eay. a Government bureau of railroads ?
Government ¦ ownership of railroads,' without a
civil service qualification, would mean an ex
tinction of all presonal freedom. What applies
In this day of wireless telegraphs, wireless
telephones and wireless conventions we should
be glad that we have a wireless President.
Efficiency should apply to heads of departments
as well as to subordinates. .We should not stop
until every business official. Is placed on the
civil service list.. It Is the duty of a woman's
club to devote Its energies. to the extension of
the merit system. The success of our Post
office Department Is due to civil service and it
would be Improved if ail the fourth-class Post
masters were named under this rule.
Water Is a pretty good adjunct to civil serv
ice reform, particularly in politics. I suppose
the clubs throughout the State have been pur
suing the work in eradicating the malevolent
Influences that devastate our democratic mis
rule. The various Presidents of the United
States have increased the number of civil serv
ice employes from 13,000 to 78,000. But this is
not enough. We must still be alert and active
to keep up the fight. ' • ' ~ :' : "
Favors Merit System.
Mrs. Chapin was again called upon and
delivered an address on "Civil Service
Reform," which was considered by all
one of the brightest addresses of the con
vention. She said in part: *¦ ?. .
Mrs. Lou V. Cbapin presented the re
port of the committee on education. She
stated that recognizing that the Califor
nia. Club of this city was the leader ,in
civic advancement, the committee had
issued a leaflet containing suggestions for
work, such as libraries for firemen and
messenger boys, playgrounds for chil
dren, beautifying of cities and towns and
civil service reform and care of Juvenile
offenders. ¦ . - . - . •
. ' DVOCATES of the admission of
A colored women's clubs to the
/\\ General Federation of Women's
yfi\ Clubs went down to defeat yes
terday at the final meeting of the
State Federation of Women's Clubs at
Golden Gate HalL While the resolution
around which they rallied their forces
contained no reference to the color ques
tion, still it was generally understood
that the question of reorganization,
either by State lines or by individual
clubs, was the basis of this issue.
The question came up on a motion to
instruct the delegates elected to the gen
eral biennial convention to vote for any
plan that did not include Individual club
recognition. The matter was deftly and
delicately handled, and on the ground
that it would be discourteous to Califor
nia's guests to have her delegates pledged
to any preconcerted action before the as
sembling of the convention, a vote was
taken and tho delegates will go unin
etructed.
The morning session was opened by
Mrs. Edwin C. Southworth of Banger,
who presented the report - of the bureau
of reciprocity. The chairman reported
that 190 letters had been received, 225
written, 26 clubs were furnished with ar
ticles and 23 clubs contributed papers
which passed through the bureau for the
use of other clubs. Her associates on the
committee were: ,. t . . . ...
Mrs. E. O. Smith, "Women's Club, San Jose;
Mrs. I. N. Chapman. Tea Club, Alameda; Mrs.
O. F. Washburn. Tuesday Club, Sacramento;
Mrs. G. H. Wadleigh. Friday Morning Club,
Los Angeles, and Mrs. Zitella Talbot, Ebell
Club, Santa Ana.
tsMra. Pettigrew of Los "Angeles aso spoke
against Instructing the. delegates . on S the
ground of jcourtesy. ;¦ : -
t "A 4 rising vote was taken bri the question,
which .was overwhelmingly lost, only one-
Vote Is Decisive.
' 'Mrs.- Burdette / took the :floor to oppose
the motion to instruct on the ground of
courtesy to the coming guests and also on
the- ground that the reorganization and
color Uine questions were being* settled in
New York by a committee/and that prob
ably before the biennial was held a plan
satisfactory., to both' Massachusetts and
Georgia, the opposing factions, would be
agreed ' upon. v She. based her further ob
jection on the ground of 'courtesy.
Mrs. Curtis explained why she favored
the resolution to instruct delegates, "for
the reason that no political party would
send out its candidates for offices without
a platform and our representatives should
know how. the representatives of the clubs
felt on the question." t
Mrs. Strickland Clark of Los Angeles
made an argument against instructing the
delegates. -Mrs. Chapin and Mrs. Stilson
followed on the same line.' .
Shall not the great federation of California
repose sufficient confidence in tho wisdom of Its
delegates? Are we as hostesses justified in pre
judging 1 the action of the biennial by express-
Ing an opinion on this point? I am in favor of
reorganization, but I am opposed to Instruction.
Mrs. Bradley of Palo Alto said she
agreed with the previous speaker.
¦ Mrs. Porter of Los Angeles opposed it
on the ground that the question. was not
so important as some people were trying
to make it. She said: , ;
Mrs. M. L. W. Curtis of Oakland Club
precipitated a debate upon the color line
question by proposing a resolution that
the delegates from the State Federation
to the General Federation biennial conven
tion, to be held in Los Angeles in May,
should be instructed to vote for reorgani
zation on State lines in preference to the
individual club plans, or in favor of any
compromise plan that would do away with
the latter plan. Mrs. Curtis, spoke briefly
on her resolution. \
Color Question Comes TJp.
' Mrs. Louis Wetnmann, Laurel Hall Club, San
Francisco district; Mrs. R. H.- Stephens, Wo
man's^Club, Bakersfleld, San Joaquin district;
Mrs. George W. Bunnell, Ebell Club. Oakland,
Alameda district; Mrs. E. B. Pernell, Klngsley.
Art Club, Sacramento, northern district; Mrs.
R. L. Craig, Friday Morning Club, Los Angeles.
Los Angeles district; Mrs. L. F. Darling, Wo
man's Club, Riverside, San Diego district. -
As soon as it was announced that the
election of eight delegates to the General
Federation, which meets in Los "Angeles
In May next, was in order Mrs. Louis
Welnmann secured the floor , and placed
Mrs. Robert J. Burdette in nomination for
delegate at large. Her nomination was
seconded from all points ofsthe hair and
Mrs. Burdette was unanimously chosen.
Mrs. Kate A. Bulkley, the new president,
was also chosen, although ex omclo she
is a delegate. For district delegates the
following were named and unanimously
elected:
District vice presidents— Northern district,
Mrs. William Beckman, Sacramento, Tuesday
Club;. San Francisco district, Mrs. I.-Lowen
berg, San Francisco, Philomath Club; Alameda
district, Mrs. John Russ. Oakland Ebell Club;
San Joaquin district, Mrs. George A. Dodge.
Hanford. Woman's Club; Los Angeles district.
Miss Ellen M. Thompson, Pasadena, Shake
speare Club;- San Diego district, Mrs. L. F.
Darling, Riverside, Socorro Club.
! Mrs. Philip Morse, 'Wednesday Club, Sa
Diego, and Mrs. • D. W. Ravenscrof t. Woman'
Club, Petaluma.
.President. Mrs. Kate A. Bulkley. Oakland
Kbell Club, Oakland: 'vice president at' large
Mrs. W. W. Stilson, Ruskln Art Club, Los An
geles; -recording secretary,; Mrs. Louise Bab
cock, Parlor .Lecture Club, Fresno; correspond
ing secretary, Mrs. J. ,W. Orr, California Club
Sah Francisco; treasurer, Mrs.; Henry Wein
stock, Klngsley Art Club, Sacramento; auditors
Mrs. J. N. Young, chairman of the
tellers appointed to count the votes cast
at the election held on Thursday; imme
diately after the assembling of. the-after
noon session announced.the result The
total number . of votes, cast was 115 '' and
nearly all the candidates received the full
vote for their . respective positions. Mrs.
Kate . A. Bulkley^received 113 \ Votes. • Mrs.
Lovell White and Mrs. Louis Welnmann
one each. The following are the new of
ficers of the State Federation: .
Name Officers Elected.
¦ "Forestry" was the subject of a paper
read by Mrs. G. T. Greenleaf of Redlands.
Mrs. Greenleaf favored governmental su
pervision over the forest question, tree
planting. and tree preservation. She like
wise urged upon club women to use their
best endeavors to get trees planted wher
ever and whenever, practicable. "Forests
are .the bestt irrigation enterprises that'
the State can know," she said. "The
preservation of \ the trees is necessary to
the preservation of the State." A special
plea was made for the preservation of the
big tree groves throughout the State.
Mrs. J. G. Lemmon of Oakland reported
for the committee on forestry. Mrs. Lem
mon stated that the efforts of the com
mittee had been- directed to the dissem
ination of literature looking to forest
preservation. Many books and pamphlets
were sent out and a larg;e number of tree
seeds were distributed. She urged the
women of the clubs to commence with
tree planting in their towns and gradual
ly extend the work and take more inter
est in Arbor day. ¦¦ ¦ ¦
President Burdette answered a large
number of questions that were deposited
In • the "question box," all of which re
lated to minor club matters. - - '
Preservation of forests.
A slight breeze was created when Mrs
E. P. Colgan of the Tuesday Club of Sac
ramento asked the convention why one
oi tho delegates from that club was ae
nled the right to vote iv^sterday. Mem
bers of, the credential committee said tnat
on the report of the treasurer of the
club the club was only entitled to
three delegates and that they had
dropped the fourth. This proved to be
Mrs. Edinger. The matter was settled by
the recognition of Mrs. Edinger.
Mrs. Luther Scroggs of Nome, who
teaches tho most northerly school on the.
continent, and president of the Woman's
Club In Nome, gave an Interesting, ac
count of club life there. Mrs. Scrogjjs
said that In that northern clime they did
not need sermonizing, but did need so
ciality.
Mrs. Florence C. Porter read a congrat
ulatory-letter from Mrs. Caroline M. riev
erance of Los Angeles, who is known as
the "mother, of club women."
Mrs. E. T. Pettigrew presented a report
showing that the lx>s Angeles district had
sent out twelve traveling libraries, while
generous friends had contributed money
and books, over 600 books being in circu
lation. Six traveling picture galleries are
also in use. .
Mrs. Chapin also strongly urged the
formation of a State board of charities,
non-partisan in character, to. take entire
charge of the reformatories and prisons.
to Government ownership of railroads applies
with equal force to State and municipal offices.
Alford said no blame for the murder at
tached to the labor unions because of the
fact that Rice was a "scab" and that
he was killed during the. strike. He
thanked God Buckley was no union man
to disgrace an organization which de
signed to protect rather than injure la
boring men. That Rice was the victim
o< a conspiracy the speaker said was cer
tain, and that Buckley committed the
deed there could be no question. He
therefore demanded a verdict of guilty.
At the close of the argument Judge
Lawlor charged the jury and that body
retired in charge of the bailiff at 5:30
o'clock and returned at 9:25 o'clock with
the verdict of guilty of murder In .the
first degree.
Assistant District Attorney Alford
closed the argument with a brief resume
of the evidence, all of which he declared
pointed to the guilt of the prisoner at
the bar. He reviewed the points made
by the attorneys for the defense and
pointed out what he termed the "falla
cies" «of their contentions. The fact that
little Erline Platt was mistaken as to
having been at school on the day previous
to that on which the murder wa3 com
mitted could not possibly affect her posi
tive recognition of Buckley as the assas
sin, a ¦ circumstance based on the facts
that he had ridden on the same car wltn
her and that she had watched him closely
en route to Twentieth street.
Prosecution Closes Its Argument-
In closing Attorney Ferral dwelt upon
the lack of motive for the crime and the
fact that Buckley carried no weapon at
the time of his arrest. Notwithstanding
every effort of the police, the weapon with
which Rice was slain was never found.
Ferral spoke of Buckley as a "hard work
ing boy," whose innocence was clearly
established, and he implored the jury to
acquit him and thereby spare his young
life and ease the agony of his aged and
heartbroken mother.
wholly. Many a man innocent of crime,
arrested under circumstances wnlcn
pointed darkly at him as the offender,
wildly evaded the truth. Buckley was in
the company of the assassin and he
feared the consequences. Was it to be
wondered at that he should seek to
screen hlmseli .' Yet. when he had time
to reflect, Buckley told the truth, and he
adhered to it throughout the trial.
FOUR CHILDREN
PERISH IN FIRE
The testimony of the witnesses for the
prosecution was reviewed at length. The
Inconsistencies of various ' statements
were pointed out. One witness said there
was considerable smoke after the shoot
ing and he was unable to see things
plainly. Yet several others asserted that
they observed every, detail of the tragedy
with clearness. . How could all this be
reconciled with the facts? That Buckley
told an untruth in his excitement follow
ing his arrest was not, according to Fer
ral, a fact that should condemn him
tenth of the delegates favoring the motion
to instruct. This officially disposed of the
reorganization question and the color
question at the same time. But the matter
will be brought up again in May at Los
Angeles before the General Federation.
Mrs. Dodge of the Hanford Woman's
Club extended an invitation to hold the
next convention in the San Joaquin Val
ley, either at Hanford or Fresno. Mrs.
E. P. Colgan of the Tuesday Club of Sac
ramento extended a like Invitation on be
half of the club women of that city. Mr3.
H. Welnstock of the Klngsley Art Club
warmly seconded the invitation. The
matter was referred to the incoming
board for action.
Mrs. Strickland Clark presented the re
port of the . committee on resolutions.
Thanks were extended to all who had in
any way aided in the success of the con
vention, the press and the outgoing offi
cers. Resolutions were also adopted favor
ing civil service reform and a State Board
of Charities to which women may be eli
gible and which shall, be non-political and
non-sectarian in character. . '
In'a prettily worded speech, full of the
kindliest expressions for the | pleasant
two years she had passed in the office of
president, Mrs. Burdette gave up her of
fice and gavel to Mrs. Bulkley, who made
a brief speech of ¦' thanks .for the honor
conferred. The newly elected officers were
Introduced ! and made ! brief : addresses and
the convention adjourned without date.
One of : the features of the convention
was the excellent music provided through
out the sessions.; During the morning ses
sion H. Samuels rendered Vieuxtemp's
"Polonaise" on .the violin,- accompanied
by, Miss T. Ehrman on the piano. . In the
afternoon •Mrs.' J.;E. Birmingham ren
dered three, vocal solos, "Mignon Lied "
"Est Llegt ein TraumV and "The Water
Lily."; She .was accompanied on the piano
by Miss Fannie "¦ Danforth. :¦-,•
The police next claimed the attention
of the attorney. Sergeant Duke was de
scribed as the "Sherlock Holmes" of the
local "force — a man who wrote out dyins
statements, incorporating such facts as
might be of profit to the prosecution and
eliminating such as might benefit the ac
cused. A dying statement prepared and
signed under circumstances . such as in
volved the signing of the Rice statement
had absolutely no value. There was no
doubt Rice was brutally clubbed into in
sensibility prior to the shooting, and yst
thaffact was not mentioned In the state
ment prepared by Duke. Was it possible
that a man dazed by a number of blows
could tell the color of a man's hat when
shot a moment later? Could he tell the
height of his assailant, or observe that
he was smooth shaven or otherwise? The
statement, in the opinion' of Ferral, was
absurd and utterly unworthy of credence
by. sensible men. v
Inconsistent Statements Reviewed.
Attorney. Ferral related several anec
dotes illustrative of his theme In a witty,
eloquent, • forceful . and ' earnest manner.
He sought to arouse, the sympathies of
the jury by picturing the defendant as a
young man- whose soul was in peril and
who was menaced by a horrible doom be
cause of some damaging circumstances
which connected him with the murder of
George Rice. ¦ These damaging facts had
been made much of by the prosecution,
and the speaker begged the jury not to
be swayed in their judgment by the so
phistries real eloquence knows so well
now to advance as incontrovertible facts.
The facts that Buckley was out of em
ployment during the strike and that Rice
was known to be a "scab" machinist did
not argue that Buckley killed Rice. Buck
ley was not a union man, and even if he
were that would not alter the circum
stances of the case. 'The speaker can
didly admitted that It was a trick of tha
lawyer's trade to frequently harp upon
inconsequential details and to present
them In the most favorable light, or vice
versa. He regretted, however, that this
had been done by the prosecution in a
case where a human life was at stake.
Ferral Appeals to Jury.
When the verdict was read by Foreman
Charles Guillett the prisoner's face un
derwent no change. A deep silence pre
vailed for a moment oniy, to be broken
by the bitter sobbing of the aged mother
'«£ the convicted assassin, who had at
tended throughout the long trial. When
she sought to -condole with him he" re
pulsed her savagely and gazed sullenly
at the men who had pronounced his
doom. He listened nonchalantly- to the
court as the order setting next Saturday
as the time for pronouncing Judgment
was made. At that time a motion for a
new. trial will be argued. Buckley was
then taken to his cell in the City Prison.
Intense Interest has been shown in the
trial from the beginning by members of
various labor organizations, for the rea
son doubtless that Rice was a non-union
machinist. The murder was one of many
crimes committed during the recent strike
and popular interest In the outcome was
centered upon the trial in consequence.
The closing argument for the defense
was made by Attorney Robert Ferral at
the morning session of 'court. Attorney
fc'erral said he believed his cause was the
right one and he had absolute confidence
in the strength of his client's case. He
complimented counsel upon its able pre
sentation of facts i brought out at the
trial— the prosecution offering them deli
cately at the point of a rapier, and the
defense with sledgehammer blows. The
law presumed the defendant to be Inno
cent until proved to be guilty, and the
jury was admonished to remember their
oaths to maintain the law. Th« speaker
thanked God "that we do not live in an
age where men are doomed to death
merely because of the gloomy appearance
of things in which they are involved."
He alluded to the terrible days in Eng
land when men were hanged for the most
trivial offenses. The theft of a loaf of
bread or handkerchief consigned the of
fender inevitably to the gallows. Even
William Penn, whose name was synony
mous of peace and love of humanity,
was, like Buckley, once tried for disturb
ing the peace and\if he. had been proved
guilty, he, too, might have- been hanged,
and Pennsylvania might never have been.
The fact that Buckley was found ; guilty
and fined $5 for- a misdemeanor did "not
necessarily make~him -»n assassin, an 1
the' jury was cautioned -not to become
prejudiced against the defendant because
of a misdeed i committed in his earlier
years. - ' ; • ¦ r '• ;- ¦
William Buckley, charged with the mur
der of George Rice at the corner of Twen
tieth and Howard i streets on the even
ing of October 11, .1901,- was found guilty
of murder in the first degree by a jury in
Judge Lawlor'a court last night. The
case ¦ was submitted to the Jury at 6:30
o'clock, and after, nearly four hours', de
liberation the" verdict was reached. A
poll of the jury; 'made at the request of
counsel for the defense, showed' that the
verdict was unanimously concurred in by
the jurors. / .
Down In the Courtroom and
Weeps Bitterly When Ver
. "diet Is Returned. ¦.*.'."¦•
Mother of "the Defendant Breaks
Slayer of Machinist Rice to
Suffer; Death Penalty -
for His Crime. '
Declare Prisoner Guilty
of Murder in First
Degree.
JURORS FIND
BUCKLEY IS
THE ASSASSIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,, FEBRUARY 8, 1902.
This Important Issue In
volves Proposed Era
sure of the Color Line
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HERPICIDE NOT A FAKE.
Unsolicited Testimonials' Tell of Its
Superiority.
Alf R. Kelley, residing at 2195 Devlsa-
dero street, San Francisco, Cal., writes
the following:
"When I first purchased Herpicide I
thought, like the majority of hair prepa-
rations. It would prove a fake. I am hap-
py to state that, on the contrary, It Is a!I
and - even more ' than you claim for It.
Quite a number of barbers throughout the
section in which I travel have called at-
tention to the new hair sprouting out on
my scalp, and inquired of me what I have
been using. I tell them 'Herpicide'; also
give them your name and addres*."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TVhy do •women continue to endure
suffering caused by ¦woma.nly diseases?
There arc many answers to that ques-
tion. Sometimes because they have ex-
hausted'the skill
>^^ of local physicians
f i and remain un-
/^SjwjigpgSN^ \ cured. At other
iff^^A^^^. \ mes s k ecause
(*X<% 3p£f jj*Vi I the >' shrink from
<£* r?4r? €W\ I submitting to ob-
vjg&gssr-' |T I /noxious examina-
&&&&[ "%} J / tiohs which local
>$^1. -I I I physicians deem
1* / nece^ sar y« A- n<^ to.
Jpgj^^gfc/// sum it all up, they
/ /&§* endure suffering
'^ Ms* because they do
I If i jdgf not know that Dr.
air Pierce's Favorite
ffi Prescription
wl^# makes weak worn-
j en strong and sick
£tfo / women welL
w/ w Favorite Pre-
scription'' establishes regularity, dries dis-
agreeable drains, heals inflammation and
ulceration and cures female weakness.
"I «njoy good health; thanks to Dr. .Pierce'*
Favorite Prescription end * Golden Medical Dis-
covery, 1 "writes tin. J. T. Schnetyer, of Pontiac.
Livingston Co., 111. "I was taken -sick and
the doctort here called it * Grip.* I lay for fonr
weeks in bed, then when I got up I found I bad
• displacesie&t.' Had each aches and pains in
ny back and limbs could not stand any lenjjth
Kof time. I knew that our home doctor would in-
eist the first thing: on an examination, and that
I would not submit to. unless I was dangerously
sick. My son bad your book, ' Common Sense
Medical Adviser.' and I thought frota reading:
it that Dr. Pierce's medicine would do me
more good than all the home doctors— and so it
has. I can truly say I was eurprUed at the
benefit I received. I can do all my washing and
tiso tend my flower garden. In fact I am on my
feet most aa the time. An old friend of mine
eaid to me. * Why what is the matter with you?
You ere getting young ajrain. 1 I told her I had
taken six bottles of Dr. Pierce's medicines, and
that if she would do likewise she would feel ten
years younger, too."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser paper covers is scntfree on re-
ceipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of mailing only. Address Dr. R.V.
fierce, JJuffalo, N. Y.
r3 t? Jfl ct2 RSSi Era frail ES S 1333
ftra VB • * LBKTi Erg TfflX Jfr
Bronchitis, Hoarseness, rjf-mTfflfctl
Sore Throat, 'SrRpftJ
Effectively Relieved.
Ffco-S!mile £s / /? *£ ©a ererjr
bigmtmeof jT&iu. f$ /tkj***,JV7>i> box.
¦ %
t ADVERTISEMENTS. S^Y.
LETTER TO MOTHERS.
By Mrs. J. H. Haskins, of Chicago, 111.,
President Chicago Arcade Olub.
Comforting .Words to Women Regarding Childbirth.
All who are at all familiar with social life at the southside of Chicago
know well the Arcade Club, and will tell you that it is one of the largest and
most influential clubs in Chicago. It can be readily understood, therefore,
that such a prominent woman as the head of this club could have only one
object in view in allowing her portrait and letter to be published in connection
with any medicine, and that is, to do good to other suffering mothers. Well
does Mrs. Haskins know that there are thousands of women who dread the
period of childbirth ; thousands who are prostrated nigh unto death at the
birth of each child, and for months afterwards are weak and "miserable, and
almost courting death as a relief from suffering.
A capable mother must b© a healthy mother. The experience
of maternity should not be approached -without careful physical
preparation. . Care and. careful counsel is what the expectant and
wouldrbe mother needs; and. this counsel she can secure without
cost by. -writing to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass.
Thousands and thousands of women have been carried through thts trying
ordeal safely and comfortably by a faithful reliance upon Ijydia E. I»ink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and Mrs. Haskins generously loans na her
name and portrait to help us to convince all skeptical women that health and
happiness abounds in Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
JMRS.X H. HASKINS,
President Chicago Arcade Club, Chicago, BL
tt Deah Mrs. Ptxkham : — Mothers need not dread childbearrng af-
ter they know the .value of Iiydia-E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. While. I loved children I dreaded the ordeal, for it left me
weak and sick for months after, and at the tiroe I thougnt death was a
welcome relief ;. but before my last child was born a good neighbor ad-
vised me to try Xydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and I
used that, together with your Pills and Sanative Wash for four months
before the child's birth ;— it brought me wonderful relief. I hardly had
an ache or pain, and when the child was ten days old I left my bed
strong in health and happy in mind. Every spring and fall I now take
a bottle of I^ydia E.< Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and find it
keeps mo in continual excellent health ; $2 or 83 a year keeps me well
and strong."— Mrs. J. H. Hasktks, 3248 Indiana Ave., Chicago, I1L
¦ t.' : "She is a Pinkham Baby."
"Pear Mrs. Pdtkham : — I cannot thank you enough for what you have
done for ma. I wrote you some time ago about not being able to go my full
time during pregnancy. Now, after taking the treatment yo«j advised, we
have a dear little girl baby, the joy of our home. I tell my friends she is a
Pinkham baby, for had it not been for Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound we never could have had her. My health is good, thanks
to your medicine."— Mrs. Harbt Ruby, Urbana, Iowa. ' . ¦*
SW t% t% ft REWARD. — Wa hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, 53000,
n 1 1 1 1 3 n '"'hich will be paid to any person who can nod that the abore testimonial letters
¦ IMbBbB aro not £ enuin °i or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
W W mission. Lrdia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.SATURDAY FEBRUARY 8, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address £11 Cgamn&icitie&s to W. B. LEAKS, Manager.
MAXAGKB'S OFFICE '.* Telephone Pres* 204
I'CBUGA.TIOV OFFICE Market and- Third. S..F.
Telephone Presi 2O1. ~
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»y Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Sins:'*" Copies. S Cents.
Terms I»>- Mali. Including: Postaeret
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year 58.00
DAILY CALL (includlnj Sunday), « months 8.00
IlAILY CALL (lnduling Sunday). 3 months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month... «5s
KUKDAT CALU Oae Year l.M
WEEKLY CALU One Year ..'. 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Simple copies •will be forwarded when requested.
Mali subscribers In orderins chanpe of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
.-'.U!,AXD OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KllOG.VESS.
Ktxager fsreiga Advertising. MarqnetU Building. Chicago.
• Lore Distance Telephone "Central 2810.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO3T Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldlnsr
:' NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetori* Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel. ' }
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Neva Co.:' Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., S. XV.
MORTON E. CRAMS. Correspondent.
ZIR.AJVCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. rf33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22ttl
Xaikcu corner Sixteenth, open tntil 9 o'clock. 109S Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 ¦ Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. cpen until 9 p. m.
his American visitor in the most cordial
manner and chatted freely with him,
mainly on tho friendship between the
United States and Great Britain. Hia
Majesty especially referred to the close
connection between the Industries of the
two countries and the "friendship "existing
between the workingmen on both sides of
the Atlantic.
To a correspondent Schwab said: . i
"Air I can say" is that I had a most en
joyable interview and came away with
charming recollections of King Edward."
It was learned by the correspondent
that the King displayed keen interest in
and knowledge of the Industrial condi-
tiona of the United Stat?s..and evinced
nothing but the most kindly sentiment to
vrard that progress which American busi
ness Is making In Great Britain. .
The conversation, which was quite in
formal, touched on a variety of topics,
throughout which his Majesty's cordial
ity toward Americans and their Institu
tions was strikingly apparent. Schwab
said his European trip had been nurely
for treasure and as such had been emi
nently successful.
During his tour of Europe Schwab wa3
received in audience by three.monarchs,
and he everywhere noticed a palpable de
sire to maintain and strengthen the
friendly relations with America.
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION, WHO THROUGH THE COURTESY OF SIR
THOMAS LIPTON HAD AN AUDIENCE YESTERDAY WITH KING EDWARD. DURING HIS TOUR OF EU
ROPE MR. SCHWAB HAS HAD INTERVIEWS WITH THREE MONAF.CHS.
| The, children of a wealthy . widower al
•vovs nhiect to his second marrlaea.
Special information' supplied daily i. ;
business houses and public men. by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
; San Francisco should take an,earnest interest in trie
exhibit' California is tc^makeat the St. Louis expo
sition and be energetjc in .promoting it, for there is
no section of. 'the ; State that. will be more benefited
byiwhatever good results from it. :
V Townserid's California glace fruits, 50c .-i
pound, in flre-etched-boxes : or Jap. baa.
kets. A nice present for Eastern trienae.
639 Market st., Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townseiid's. •
Ex. »trong hoarhound- candy. Townsend's.*
While some of the Senators have been very indig
nant about the alleged press censorship at Manila,
they exercise, a very rigid censorship over "the Con-'
gressional Record so far as their own proceedings are
concerned, and most of the really lively, parts of their
debates are never '¦. published. ;
NEW YORK, Feb. 7.— The following Cal
if ornians are in New York: • From San
Francisco— C. B. Lutz,. at the Broadway
Central; H. R.Earle, at the St. Denis; A.
EUinghouse and wife and W. F, Clarke,
at the Herald Square; G. Greensweig, ai
'the Astor-.H.S. Leckie, at the Cadillac;
E. D. Baker and L. H. Fosburne, at the
Navarre: A. B. Bowers.at the Imperial;
J. Scherrer and H. Spencer, atthe.Criie-
From i Los Angeles— Miss F. A. Clarke,
at the Albemarle ; J. T. Giles, at * ¦ the
Grand Union; M..B. Curtis, at the Herald
Square. . ., : " - ,.
Calif ornians in New York:
General Robert A. ; Friedrich, United
States Attorney for. the first division or
southeastern district of Alaska, is In San
Francisco- for a brief vacation. ;
. Ferdinand W. Peck, Commissioner Gen
eral of the United States j at the . Jfarla
Exposition, is at the Palace with' his wife
and daughter.
C. W. Hlnchcliffe, manager of the tele
phone company's business at Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
William McKinley Cobb. who is con
nected with the Pension Department, 13
at the Occidental. /.* v - -i
W. L. Elkins Jr., -son'' of 'the -Philadel
phia street-car magnate, is at the Palace.
Dr. Cavanagh of Olema is at the Grand.
Judge S. S. Hall of Sacramento is at the
Grand).
J. M. Gardiner of Los Angeles is at the
Grand. ' .
Judge W. D. Tupper of Fresno is at the
California. . ./..'.
Mason W. Mather, a mining man, is at
the Occidental.
W. M. Middlecoff, an attorney of Stock
ton, is at the Lick. . ¦ "
H. P. Stabler, a fruit-grower of Yuba
City, is at. the Lick.
W. F. George, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand. '.
F. B. Henderson, an oil man of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace. :
J. B. Caldwell of Washington, D. C, is
at the Palace with his wife.
The statements of the gentleman are • undoubtedly
correct, but just as undoubtedly he is making an ass
of himself by asserting a self-evident truth at the
wrong time and in the wrong way. It is a repetition
of the act of Pennoyer of Oregon refusing to go' to
the frontier of the State to welcome President Harri
son. It is a refusal to recognize the courtesies and
the, hospitalities of life, and it has already; brought
down upon the head of the offender tne righteous
wrath of -everybody in New York who wishes to give
Prince Henry the grandest time he ever had in his
life or will ever have: again unless he should decide
to make another trip and come to California. •
.Of course some, way /will be found to overcome the
By way of giving emphasis to his refusal to give
up his box the uncompliant gentleman said to those
who questioned him: v "Prince Henry? Who is he,
anyway? He's only a snip— a little snip of royalty.
I do not know what has come over us when we make
such an idiotic fuss over a Prince. President Roose
velt comes' here and is received just like one of the
rest of us. Why, I call him 'Teddy' myself. No
royal box for him."
To arrange the fete at the opera it was necessary
to assign to the Prince and his suite five boxes in the
grand tier. Now these boxe6 belong to private par
ties who are stockholders in the opera-house and
contributors to the guarantee fund. Four of them
promptly , consented to donate their boxes for the
occasion. The fifth man refused. He declared him
self averse to doing any kind of kow-tow to Princes,
and maintained that there is no reason why New
York should get excited over the royal visitor. :
Hardly had the bright bubble of fancy been blown
by the committee of arrangements, however, before
it was punctured by a remorseless wretch who. has
more logic than courtesy and who makes the eternal
verities an excuse for refusing to take part in those
conventionalities that make it possible to display dig
nity and decorum in this beastly world.
AMONG the fetes proposed for the reception of
Prince Henry in New York was a gala night
at the grand opera. All the famous songsters
of the great troupe were to be grouped into one
superb cast and no expense was to be spared to make
the spectacle one of a beauty and •"• magnificence
never surpassed in any theater. Even at that, how
ever, the show on the stage was to be less brilliant
than the show in the boxes. New York was to out
do itself, and the splendor of .feminine, loveliness
gleaming with jewels was to impress the Prince with
the truth that no imperial court can rival democracy
when democracy cho'oses to do itself proud.
A MAN WHO KICKS.
The issue is one of serious concern tu all who own
property along the water front or on. the bay. In a
city of this kind it is- almost as important to patrol
the bay as to patrol the city. It is quite evident that
so long as thieves can approach from the water, out
of sight of ' police or watchmen, there can be very
little chance of detecting them. Police boats are,
then, a necessity of the situation. Provision. for such
patrol should be made at once, or, if that be impos
sible, then certainly the provision should be made
when the next appropriation is prepared for the Po
lice Department. There ought to be .no question
about the _ matter. ; In fact, the patrol boats should
have been supplied'long ago.
In commenting upon the burglary Chief of Police
Wittman said to a representative of The Call that it
was but another demonstration of the urgent need
'of a police boat for patrolling the bay.' He went on
to", say: "Every other large' city with a water front
has one or more launches or other craft and the.front
is regularly and systematically patrolled. In conse
quence trie. operations of bay or river pirates are ren
dered as difficult as the work of burglars elsewhere.
Here these 'rats' can do their work with slight dan
ger of being detected. My predecessors have urged
the necessity of a launch for bay patrol, but year
after year provision for it. has been omitted from the
tax levy. I shall strongly urge the purchase and
maintenance of a patrol boat and shall place it in ray
estimate of expenses of the department when the
time comes." : '
ANOTHER water-front burglary has been com
mitted under circumstances which justify the
conclusion than the burglars worked at their
ease and with comparatively little danger of detec
tion. This case is that of the* robbery of a cigar
store on Tuesday night." It appears the" burglars ap
proached the store in a boat and, working from be-'
neath, were safe from detection by any one on the
street above. The only way in which they could have
been observed would have been by some one passing
along'the water front in a boat. Such being the case,
one would suppose that the Police Department of
the city would have been long since provided with
boats sufficient for an effective water patrol to guard
against robberies, attempted in that way. It • will,
therefore, be a matter of surprise to a good many
persons- to^ learn that the city has no such water
patrol and has never had.
The Sultan of Turkey is again, guilty of one of
those executive freaks which .make his admin
istration picturesque. He has condemned his
brother-in-law to death and urges him to return from
Paris to Constantinople to die. The brother-in-law
seems to have conscientious scruples against ac
cepting the invitation.
A POLICE NEED.
PERSONAL MENTION.
• Schwab had half an hour's audience
with King Edward at Marlborough House
this afternoon. Schwab was accompanied
by Sir Thomas Lipton. who introduced
him to his Majesty. The King greeted
private luncheon to-day, at tho
Mansion House by the Lord Mayor, Sir
Joseph Dlmsdale. The party included Sir
Thomas Lipton, Archibald W. Macono
chle, M. P.: Sheriff Bell, and Colonel
Hunsicker, chairman of the Nickel Cor
poration.
LONDON. Feb. 7.— Charles M.
Schwab, president .of the United
States Steel Corporation, and Mrs.
Schwab were entertained at a
Taking the number as a whole, this statistical edi
tion of the Review gives an optimistic picture of the
industry- There is much yet for our wine men to
learn and many, improvements to beyroade, but it
seems clear that the worst years of the industry are
over, and that California is about to take her rightful
rjmk amor-2 the wine countries of \b.e world.
I An important feature of the. problem of making
markets for California wines is presented by Andrea
Sbarboro in a plea for a better supply of wine by
hotels at lower prices. After pointing out that the
consumption of California wine by the American peo
ple is increasing, he notes that there is room for im
provement, and adds: "The hotels and restaurants
should serve their patrons with wines at lower rates
lhan they now charge. When they, serve an ,excel
lent dinner for fifty cents it is absurd- to charge
Seventy-five cents or cne dollar for a bottle of wine."
While warnings such as these should be carefully
heeded, the present situation is sufficiently good to
incline many persons to be indifferent to them.
There is a strong demand for more wine. P. T. Mor
gan, president of the California Wine Association,
ssys: "Unless planting is prosecuted vigorously the
demand may outrun the supply and remunerative
markets for a California product may be .supplied
/rom other sources. There is very little danger of
<^\erplanting in dry wine counties. The production
:rnd consumption are to-day almost equal, and, be
yond the natural increase in consumption, the sup
plying the new countries acquired from Spain as a
result of the late war and the expanding markets of
the Orient will have to be looked after, as well as
Cuba, whose annexation to the United States can
< nly be a matter of a short time.*'
Charles Bundschu gives a similar warning against
the tendency to produce large quantities of cheap
wines, or wines at minimum prices, instead of higher
class wines. In the course of his contribution to the
Review he says: "When the ultimate aim of all the
great wine-producing countries is lost sight of in
order to give way exclusively to the handling of bulk
wines and to the crushing of grapes on the mechani
cal method of so many tons a day (distributing the
juice in giant vats without discrimination of growth,
origin and variety), then I predict that a serious step
toward the decadence of our wine industry has been
iaken, a step which is bound to injure sooner or later,
the fair reputation which we are all striving to build
up and succeed in establishing after almost a semi
century' of strife and struggle."
One of the 'dangers that threatens the new pros
perity of the industry is that a proper care may not
be taken to keep up and advance the quality of Cali
fornia wines. Charles F. Oldham, who has made an
extensive study of California wines with a view to
promoting their export to Great Britain, says in an
article contributed to the Review: "California has
of late years been acknowledged to be taking a place
as one of the few countries in the world where fine
dry wines 2s well as good ordinary wines can be and
are produced. If, however, in the replanting of vine
yards only common and heavy bearing varieties be
planted, the industry will in a few years fall back
again and be greatly discredited, and there will then
be a great scarcity of fine types of wine Just .as they
are beginning to be more known, appreciated and
bought after."
PACIFIC WINE AND SPIRIT REVIEW, in
its annual statistical edition just published,
makes not only a good showing for the wine
industry in the way of statistics but gives also state
ments of leading wine men which present bright
prospects for the future. It appears that while there
was z. big shortage in the wine crop of 1901 the. lpgh;
prices paid for grapes more than balanced matters
so far as the producer was concerned. Moreover,
the conditions of the industry of late have been suf
ficiently good to encourage production. It is stated:
"Replanting is going on extensively throughout the
Slate, the greater portion of the vines being resistant
stock. There will probably be 8ooo or more acres
of new and replanted vines this year."
OUR WINE INDUSTRY.
The feature of these reports which is o"f most sig
nificance for us is the repetition in them of "South
ern" California: If the statements of the reports be
true the plan of -the colonization is not to procure
settlers for all California, but for a portion of the
State only. Of course whatever benefits any section
of the State is bound to be beneficial to the rest, but
for all that it behooves the people of Central and
Northern California to provide some means of making
known their own advantages and attractions for set
tlers. All people are not alike in their tastes, and
there may be many who after, seeing Southern Cali
fornia would "not like to settle there but might be
pleased' were they to see other sections of the State.
The issue is one that merits the attention of our pro
gressive men. j San Francisco should exert her lead
ership in this instance in making the fight for the
whole . State. The task woqld not, b,e: difficult. The
State Board of Trade is already organized td do the
work, and it needs only that cordial support be- given
to it. \\
The dispatch goes on to say: "It is announced
that within a short time' every, one of the thousand or
more agents will be at work throughout the States
east of the Mississippi River. From time to time
homeseekers' excursions will be run to the territories
mentioned, and special inducements will be made to
get people to visit the Southwest andvSoutherii Cali
fornia." :
According to the reports which come to us from
Chicago concerning the plan it is the purpose of the
men controlling the "Harriman lines," as they are
called, to provide occupants for millions of acres of
fertile and unoccupied lands in Western Louisiana,
Texas and Southern California. With that object,
it is said, they purpose to send into the Middle and
Eastern States upward ot iooo immigrant or coloni
zation agents ;to. work up the scheme. Concerning
the prospects <of the plan S. F. B. Morse, assistant
traffic manager of the Texas lines of the Southern
Pacific, is quoted by a' Chicago dispatch to the Phila
delphia Ledger as saying: ' "In the Southwest we
have ov<er three million acres of fertile land which
would make good homes for industrious people. We
believe that no section of the United States has a
more brilliant future than Texas and Western.Louisi
ana, and we are convinced that all that is necessary
is to let the public know what we have got."
OFFICIALS of the Southern Pacific, the
Union Pacific and their allied lines of . rail
way are reported to be engaged in perfecting
plans for accomplishing the largest colonization
scheme ever'attempted by Western roads. The aim
is to provide an increased business for the roads by
settling up the country tributary to them and devel
oping the rich resourcesof lands that are now lying
idle. '¦'
A COLONIZATION SCHEME.
The rascally Count who deserted a young wife in
this city, eloped with another girl. practically a child
and is .now held at El, Paso under serious charges
seems to know better than his keepers what is good
for him. He wants to die. . . .¦'-.,'.
M. Waldeck-Rousseau admits the extreme obscur
ity" of the causes into which "¦investigation'' must/, be
made. We venture that an inquiry into the psychol
ogy of the question will reveal the operation of a nat
ural law that affects the fecundity of a people. We
think it will be found that families are. larger and 1
children less subject to infantile mortality among'
those races and nations where romance is the cause
and the purpose of marriage. We think it will be
found that where material considerations are second
ary as a reason for marriage the population increases
in number and in vigor and individuality, and in the
mass has a better command of subsistence, of the
means, of life, of things material, than where these are
made the primal motive.
The married relation is entered upon in a material
way. The settlement of a marriage portion, the con
tract for dower, the business outlook and prospect
of marriage resemble much the formation of a new
business .firm. Romance, which regards marriage as
the foundation of a family, takes a secondary place
or has no place at all in the proceeding.
It may be accepted as obvious that the French view
of the materialities of life and its practice have some
thing to do with the problem. A French wife is quite
commonly the working partner and business asso
ciate of her husband. She is not merely interested in
the housekeeping, but in the business which supports
the housekeeping. Her life has a different horizon
from the merely domestic. It is a commercial hori
zon. The materialities of ! existence^ obscure the ro
mance of life.
The. French argument that exaltation in civilization
is a cause is a melancholy appeal to. the pride of na
tionality. It means that the Gallic race immolates it
self on the altar of ultimate civilization and extin
guishes itself for the good of the world, leaving its
achievements its epitaph. The food supply can
hardly be a factor, for the vigor of natural resources
is far from exhausted. Emigration does not account
for thedecline, for the French are a home-keeping,
non-migrating race and are not found in great
numbers abroad, as are the Celts, Germans and
Scandinavians. As the French do not emigrate, so
France receives but few immigrants. New strains of
vitality are not felt in the blood of her people. An
outsider may speculate, while the' Parliamentary
Commission investigates. But if speculation and in-,
vestigation hit upon the same cause or causes, what
shall be the remedy?
Some French enthusiasts have held that decrease
in the birth rate, enabling the death rate, to overtake
and pass it, is a sign of high civilization, and as these
conditions exist only in France they testify that
French civilization has approximated the maximum.
There is a- measure of truth in this. The race . in
creases slowly or stands still at each extreme. - In
primitive conditions, such as the original state of our
American Indians 'and the present state of Eskimos,
increase and decrease, births and deaths, nearly baK
ance. The natural law of life is that its ebb and. flow
are* regulated first by the food ' supply and second
by the preponderance of sex. If nature desire toex
terminate any form of life it is accomplished by pro
ducing but one sex. We are not aware of the find
ings of biology in this respect, but it is highly prob
able that one element in the extinction of races- of
animals will be found to have been this preponder
ance of one sex..' \ . . . - ;
MWALDECK - ROUSSEAU, ' the Prime
Minister of France, in presiding over
• the Parliamentary. Commission appointed
to investigate the cause of the depopulation of France
made some official statements of fact that will cause
widespread interest far beyond the borders of • that
country. He declared that the statistics "of the last
fifty years show an excess of deaths over: births in
France. They also' show a progressive increase in
infant mortality. The Premier well said that the sub
ject presented a problem the most difficult and most
obscure and interesting in its elements that had ever
pressed upon the attention of a nation.
A POPULATION PROBLEM.
obstacle. The gentleman" who to: making a
fuss over royar snips and thinks a foreign Prince
should.be received in about the same way as a Presi
dent of the United States may be induced to take a
month off and seek rest ;in the, mountains until the
royal reception is ovor. The rest of the people of the
United States will not trouble themselves much
about the logic of the thing. .The Prince comes .to
us as the representative of a. "great nation and a ? j
greater people. .He will .rbe welcomed for what he
stands for. Wherever he goes in this country he will
receive more honors than he ever had in Germany;
but all the same the very people who do most to wel
come him and make his visif agreeable will remain
stanch democrats, and retain a clear idea of the im
mense difference there is between a President of the
United States and any royalty whatever.
SCHWAB HAS A SHORT AUDIENCE
WITH HIS MAJESTY KING EDWARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY; FEBRUARY 8, 1902.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house — "Jim. the Penman."
California. — "The Pride of Jennlco."
Tivoli — "The Ameer."
Central — "Master and Man." .
Alcazar — "The Danltea."
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King."
<->rpheum— Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenine.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Juvenile Fairyland Carnival.
Metropolitan Mall — Piano Recital February 12.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.'
By Hagopian & Co. — This day. a.t 10:30 o'clock, Oriental
Rues, at 23O Post street.
By W. G. Layng — Monday, February 10, at 10:30 o'clock.
Horses, at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.
¦ • _ — — • |
I \St Valentine and the Maiden | |
¦ #— . — " ' - — \ — — ¦- '¦ -# a
:•———— — —- • .
j What to Do When Held Up f
| by a Footpad \ |
m By Chief of Police Wittman and Captain Seymou* I
S * . — . g
8 A Day at the Pdblic Library^.!
¦ The Fonny Thing? Pebp'e Do and Ask For There I 5
! ¦ ¦ •¦¦•••• : ¦ • • . - * .. . . ¦ . . ¦ a
5 . - . m
3 0- : — — : ; S
S Judged Coi icy V Wards in Chancery I
J $20CMXXJ,00Q. Read This Story in Sunday's Ca!L B
¦ •" ......... ¦.— — : ; — • ' a n
¦ » ' •• ;" w ' •-¦¦"¦• •- - ' " ' • B
j Mme. Nordica, the Woman I
1 By BERTHA SMITH T '.v £
I •" — — :¦¦' . . . . : - - 5
: •- — • • • - • •-¦ - ¦ - * s
! 5£T1ON, FASHIONS, BOOKS, " 5
g m HUMAN INTEREST STORIEs! g
g * READ THE WOLFVILLE STORIES ! I
¦ i By .ALFRED HENRY LEWIS. J | g
fi^- •- " ••-¦¦-••¦•¦'¦•¦¦-•' .."'.: ¦¦' -~ '-". . ' "- © B
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦"BBaBflBBaaflBBBBBiaBflaBflflaaiflBfliiiJSThe joint committee of the Board of.
Supervisors and League of Municipalities
met yesterday for the purpose o"£ taking
steps to bring about the defeat of the
proposed constitutional amendment pro
viding > for the appointment of a State
commission to fix rates for water, light,'
common carriers, telephone and telegraph
services. There were ' present ". at the
meeting Mayor Schmitz, Senator Lukens
of Alarneca, Mayor Hutchlnaon of Palo
Alto,'. Supervisors Connor, Braunhart,
Curtis and . AVynn.' -It was decided to
draw up a circular calling attention to
the obnoxious features of the amendment
which will take away the powers of local
Boards of Supervisors to regulate home
affairs. Copies - the circular will.be
mailed to the press, civic and labor or
ganizations ond'.to the voters throughout
the State. : . ;;; ; ; i
Would Defeat Proposed Amendment.
Encyclopedic newspaper catalogues are not
uncommon and have their uses. More conve
nient for many business men and much handler
for general consultation Is a handsome 280
page book just Issued by the J. Walter vThomp
son Co . the well-known agents of New^ York,
Chicago and Boston. Its title, "The Itlue Book
on Advertising," expresses both Its looks and
its contents. It is blue throughout, printed with
blue Ink on blue paper, and bound in blue. A
carefully selected list of advertising media, the
best dallies, weeklies and monthlies in the
United States and Canada, make up the bulk
of the book. Samples are given of many of the
attractive ads. placed by the company, and
there is some pithy discussion of good adver
tising methods, as seen in the light of thirty
seven yeats of profitable experience. In its con
venient Ehape and make-up, which has special
reference to desk use. this book will create lta
own value with every advertiser.
Advertising Blue Book.
¦ As the result of this investigation I have de
te i™rhat John Rasgio was an unruly, trouble
some boy and a truant.
1!. That his offense culminated In an act of
tr V. ant rpj, at prlnclaal Blanchard, havlnsre
rorttd to otl-.er measures of correction with
out succesH, concluded that the boy must be
subjected to corooral punishment.
Superintendent Webster Reports That
the Facts Adduced by an Investi
gation Justify the Charges.
The report of Superintendent of Schools
Webster regarding the alleged excessive
corporal punishment inflicted upon John
Itaggio at the Hancock School by Princi
pal M. E. Blanchard was made public yes
terday. Webster says in his report that
the facts adduced after examining twen
ty-four witnesses justify the charge for
mally made that Blanchard inflicted upon
¦Rarslo unusual punishment and in an un
usual manner. Blanchard himself admits
that the punishment was somewhat se
vere. The report says: ,
LLANCHARD INFLICTS '
EXCESSIVE PUNISHMENT
Supreme Court Thinks Bureau of
Labor Statistics Commissioner
Has Too Much Power.
The Supreme Court yesterday annulled
the act which provides for the sanitation
of factories in .so far aa Jt gives legisla
tive power to the Commissioner of tho
Bureau of Labor Statistics. The law,
which was declared void. . makes it a
criminal offense for a factory or shop
FACTORY SANITATION
LAW IS PARTLY ANNULLED
Maintenance of Boy Criminals.
Superintendent Lewis cf the Boys' an>l
Girls' Aid Society appeared before the
Supervisors' Finance Committee last
night to urge an increased appropriation
for the maintenance of the boy criminals
committed to that institution. The last
tax budget set a3ide $6000 for the purpose
and the fund is already exhausted. The
committee will request Judges Lawlor
and Fritz to appear at the next meeting
wish a view to lessening the number of
recommitments to the institution.
Expert Cyril "Williams filed a stata
ment showing that the net delinquency
on tax collections will be $15,033. which
will be wiped o'ut by a surplus in the rev
enue from other sources.
Vermonters Entertain Friends.
The Native Sons of Vermont gave their
monthly entertainment and social last
night In Odd Fellows' Hall. There was a
large crowd despite the rain. The pro
gramme rendered was greatly enjoyed.
It Is further agreed and conditioned that' the
party of tho second part shall name a majority
of the directors of said corporation, upen the
payment of said purchase. price; that is to say
the parties of the first part shall, upon the
payment of said purchase price, cause the im
mediate resignation of a majority of the pres
ent ' directors, and that- their places shall' be
filled by such persons as may be selected by
tho party pf the second part.. ; .
In witness • whereof the said parties hereto
have hereunto and unto a duplicate hereof sub-
Said deferred payment shall "bear interest at
the rate of B per cent per annum from Janu
ary 1, 1S98;. the palil capital stock hereby
agreed to be sold to be delivered to the party
of the second part on the full, payment of th«
said purchase price, and free .from all incum
brances, and on the further, condition' that n:>
dividends shall be declared, and no impairment
of the capital' stock of said corporation during
th* existence of this 'agreement ."¦ - " '•¦.•¦¦
This agreement made and entered into this
7th day of January. A. D. 189S. between F. A.
Leach. A. U. Nye and D. Edward Collins,
parties of the first part, and H. N. Da'ton. the
party of the recond part, wltnosaeth. .The par
ties of tho first part agree to sell and deliver
to the party of the second part, and the party
of the second part agrees to purchase and take
from the parties of. the first part, 500. shares of
the capital stock of the Oakland Enquirer Pub
lishing Company, a corporation duly formed,
organized and existing under the laws of tho
State of California, the capital stock of which
is $100,000, divided into 1000 sharei of, the par
value of $100 per share, of which capital stock
there has been issued "50 shares, and no moro,
for thi sum of $50,000, of which amount $500 is
herewith paid, the receipt whereof Is.hereby ac
knowledged, and tho balance of the purcnase
price, to wit, $54,550, Is to be paid on or be
fore the 15th of February, 180C.
PROVIDES AGAINST DIVIDENDS.
Then Mr. Ach got dov/n to the original
purchase of the paper and wanted to
know about the agreement to buy wh'ch
was made to H. N. Dalton, the father of
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton, who
Is accused by Mr. Collins of having a.a
interest In the newspaper. This agree
ment was finally produced, and is as fol
lows: >.'• ,
PURCHASE OF THE PAPER.
Then a minute examination was mado
of the transactions by which the nominal
directors of the company secured their
stock. Mr. Daniels finally admitted that
A. L. Smith and L. S. Jordan each held
but one share of stock, the latter having
secured his from S. F. Daniels, the father
of the defendant, who was originally a di
rector, but is now dead. Both of these
shares of stock were deposited in the Cen
tral Bank together with his stock as se
curity for a loan of $53,000. These shares
of stock Mr. Daniels said he had caused
to be issued to the holders in order that
they might become directors, and that no
money was ever paid for these shares.
The Commissioner — Very well. I decline to
proceed further, that is all. Either I have got
to have the -evidence to report to the court
or I simply quit right here.
Mr. Ach — Well, the whole matter is prema
ture. The mere fact that my adversary, whose
client s deposition I am taking, refuses to per
mit certain books to leave his custody should
not prevent the commissioner from going on
and taking the testimony.
And so Mr. Ach smoothed the troub'ec!
waters.
Mr. Hill — Now I will say. so that there will
be no misunderstanding about it. and for the
purpose of protecting the rights of my clients,
that not one of these books will be delivered
Into your custody now.
DECLINES TO PROCEED.
Mr. Ach— That is all right, Mr. Commis
sioner.
The Commissioner — No, it is not all right.
Either I am to receive evidence or I am not.
Mr. Ach — Well, you are receiving evidence;
he simply objects to the books being left here.
The Commissioner— Well, I Insist if they are
going to be in evidence that they shall be
produced.
scribed their names the day and year first
above written. FRANK. A. LEACH.
» D. EDWARD COLLINS.
A. B. Nye (101 shares).
H. N. DALTON.
DANIELS' FINANCIAL STANDING
Mr. Ach made a minute and searching
examination of Mr. Daniels' . financial
standing at different times during his
business career to bring out facts in sup
port of the assertion that he was without
means .to make the purchase' of the En
quirer at the time of the transfer of that
paper to him in 189S. Mr. Daniels said
that he owned his home, which had a
mortgage thereort, and some of the stock
of his store, which store had been closed
and a small piece of land in Contra Costa
County.
From this they went to the question rt
Mr. Daniels' experience as a newspapor
man and then to politics and Dr Pardee
and County Assessor Henry P. Dalton as
follows: » i . .
Q. — The only experience that you ever had
Irt the newspaper business, Mr. Daniels from
the history of your life here given, is that of
selling newspapers over your counter at th-j
stationery store, isn't it? A.— .Which we
didn't do.
Q. — Then you didn't have that much exoer'
ence, f3M you? A.— Didn't have that much ex
perience. . .
Q.— Do you know Dr. Pardee? a.— Yes,
Q. — How long 'have you known him' A
Since 1885, I think. • ¦ ••
st£e7 M A —™o a tir CUStomer of the stationery
RANKED AS CAPTAIN.
Q.— Where did you meet him? A —I met
him as an associate in a militia organization
-Q-You were an officer in that n?U ttla or! I
ganlzatlon. were you not? A. Yes sir
Q. — How did you rank? a As'a eantain
Q.-And the doctor? a.-a S a . 7i e u tenant
a Q '7?°!; » W6re h 'f eu P erl °i- ofneer, then?
A.— At that moment, yes, sir. (Merriment) i
Q.-But not nowr A—Does that ™"l for
an answer. >Mr. Ach? lul j
1 got ell the answer I wanted, the laugh
Have you ever had any business -transaction*
with Dr. Pardee? A.— Well, I presume «o° I
presume I have sold him goods. '
Q. — From the stationery store? A r n«
sume so. ' . v "'
Q. — Do you recollect making anv sai» tr.
le'cTlon 4 -" 0 * 1 ' I haVe n ° dlBttac t P»™on.i m «coN
tor^~A'-No Or S r i°r W an> ' - m ° ney tr ° m l h * do^
Q.— Sir? A.— No, sir.
Q.— Ever lend him any money? a -=I don't
remember to have ever loaned him any tnonev
Q.— Never had any to lend him hev" a
Well. I don't know that that Is true. ' "
WAS DOCTOR'S FRIEND^
Q— Then were you a social friend of th"
doctor's; that is by social. I mean family re- '
lattons, Eoclal relations existing between your
"respective families? A. — Yes gi r
Q. — Callea at his house? a'. Yes *!r '
Q.-Called at yours? a.— Yes %%
Q.-pined there? A.-l think " Eo
Q.— Did you dine there, in January • 189S do
you remember? , A— No. 'sir. don't remeinb °r
Q.— Had you .prior, to 1808. the year ™ 80S •
been on intimate terms with Dr. Pardee? A —
Q.— Did you frequently meet him at' variou
places of meeting of societies . of which you
were both members? A.— I met him in a good
many different places. • ( "
Q.— Did you ever talk with him
about managing or manipulating the
politics • of the county of Alameda
through the press prior to the "5 th
c!.ay of February, 1898P
Mr. Hill— We object to that aa immaterial
and incompetent. . .-. . ," v ¦ -• . •
, ¦. Mr. i Snook — I would ; suggest the witness
need i not answer .that unless he wants to. ¦
The Witness.— I certainly \ will re-
Continued From Page One
Takes Feminine Part of Tivoli Coin.
pany en Trip Over the
"Scenic Route."
The girls of the Tivoli company assem.
bled at the theater yesterday morning in
response to a mysterious summons, the
meaning of which they could not guea*.
Ferris Hartman was there with so serlo-.M
a face that a shaking up of some sort wa^
expected, but the comedian's surprise f «r
the fair members of the company was a
trolley ride over the "scenic route" <>l
the Market Street Railway.
Mrs. Kreling chaperoned the paity ar-.J
Frances Graham. Anna Lichter and Ann a
Myers enjoyed the outing as much a3 tne
applause of the first night of the season.
The motorman and the conductor were
the only men allowed by Hartman to
share with him in the smiles of tlia
chorus.
FERRIS HARTMAN HOST
ON GAY TROLLEY RIDE
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 7.— The rainstorm
has not yet extended south of Tehachapi.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 7.— Rain began
falling heavily at 2:30 o'clock this after
noon. There was a good downpour early
this morning. •
JAMESTOWN, Feb. 7.— Light rain has
been falling throughout this section aince
morning. Advices from Strawberry, iri
the nigher Sierras, are that it rained fcr
eighteen hours up to 1 o'clock this after
noon, since which snow has been falling.
AUBURN. Feb. 7.— The present storm is
welcome to Placer County, particularly to
the mining section. The season's rainfall
to date in Auburn amounts to about 22
inches.
KESW1CK. Feb. 7.— For two days past
it has been raining continuously in Shasta
County. Creeks are swollen and the Sac
ramento at this point is rising rapidly.
STOCKTON, Feb. 7.— Rain has been
falling here since early this morning. Re
ports show that it is general throughout
the county.
MODESTO, Feb. 7.— This evening at 8
o'clock the rainfall had amounted to .24
of an inch. Cloud3 are threatening: and
the wind is from the rainy quarter. Orow
ing crops are in excellent condition in ail
hut the western portion . of Stanislaus
County.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 7.— Rain fell this
evenlna but only sufficient to lay the
dust.
FRESNO, Feb. 7.— Rain commenced fall
ing here at 3 o'clock this afternoon and
the downpour has been almost continuous
since then. The rain was greatly needed.
A half inch fall is estimated for this af
ternoon. •
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
iLABOR COUNCIL TAKES ACTION
Passes Resolutions Favoring the Ex
clusion of All 'Chinese.
The San Francisco Labor Council met
last evening and passed resolutions con
demning- those adopted by the board of
directors of the San Francisco Merchants'
Exchange and the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce, the latter favoring the
unrestricted entrance into the United
States of all merchants and members of
the mercantile class of China. The reso-
Rainfall Is Generous in
the San Joaquin
Valley.
FARMERS SMILE
AT WEEPING SKY
fuse to answer it. That is a ridicu
lous proposition.
CERTIFIES THE REFUSAL.
Mr. Ach — The ¦commissioner will kindly cer
tify the refusal, of the .witness to. answer the.
question to 'the court' ••">-* •¦-¦ •
The Commissioner — Very well.
¦.Mr. Ach — Did you ever have a
conversation with Dr. Pardeo relative
to acquiring the control of the capital
stock of the Oakland Enquirer Pub
lishing Company for the purpose of
manipulating the politics with him
of Alameda County P
Mr. Hill — And the witness is not required to
answer that question.
The Witness — I refuse to answer.
" The Commissioner — I want an an
swer to that question.
The* Witness — Well, I will have to
xefuse you, colonel.
Mr. Ach — Counsel for the plaintiff
nsks the commissioner to certify the
refusal of the witness to answer thJ3
question to the court.
The Commissioner— Well, that is all right.
Mr. Ach: Q. — Had you ever had any busi
ness connections or relations with Henry P.
Dalton prior to January 7, 1S9S? A. — I don't
remember to have had any.
q — Did you ever have any business rela
tions or connections with H. N. Dalton prior to
January 7, 1SUS? A. — January 7. Will you
let me loolt at the date of the agreament?
Q. — That is the date. A.— Will you let me
look at it?
Q. — Oh, yea (handing agreement to witness).
ANSWER! CAUSES MERRIMENT.
The Commissioner — That Is when he was can
didate for Congress, you know.
The Witness— This Is not the one. colonel;
this is not the gentleman. (Merriment.)
Then adjournment came with the inter
est Intense. •
The court holds that the Legislatura
may enact laws to protect life and health,
but cannot delegate legislative power to
the Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor
Statistics. Under the act, it is said, three
factories might be in the same condition.
One man might not be visited by the
Commissioner, the second might be fitted
up at a trifling expense, while the third,
on the mere order of the official, might
be put to an expense of thousands of dol
lars in introducing apparatus of some
kind.
Robert Schaezlein, proprietor of a metal
polishing shop, was informed that his
employes were compelled to inhale dust,
filaments and injurious gases, and he was
therefore ordered to put in a suction pipe
to carry off the objectionable matter. Ho
refused and was convicted of criminal
neglect and disobedience of the authori
ties by Judge Cabaniss. The case was
appealed and Schaezlein wins his conten
tion that the law in question is unconsti
tutional.
owner to refuse to introduce sanitary ap
paratus when ordered to do so by the
Commissioner.
DEMAND AMERICAN CREWS,
"We only seek to deal with the com
mercial proposition," said Newhall, "and
feel that Congress will take care of the
coolie question."
A motion was then made that the reso
lution as presented by the board of di
rectors be referred back to that body,
with the request that the clause proposed
by Hugh Craig, barring out all coolie la
borers, be added to the resolution, and
that the resolution, with the additional
clause, be accepted by the meeting.
The motion prevailed and the meeting
adjourned.
George Newhall expressed himself In
positive terms as being opposed to coolie
labor and said that there was an evident
belief in the minds of some members that
the directors favored the admission of
the Chinese laborers.
The motion to vote on the resolution
by a postal card vote was opposed by
Andrew Carrigan, and the motion for a
postal card vote v/as lost.
Amended Resolution Adopted.
Thomas J. Clunie made a speech favor
ing 1 the total exclusion of the coolie
classes from this country. He deplored
the action of the meeting in voting down
the amendment presented by Craig and
said that it was an insult to the working
classes.
Craig attempted to speak again, but
was met with shouts of "shame" and he
took his seat.
"What you say ia not true. All that
President McNear said was that there
was certain kind of work in California
that white men could not do."
Craig at this point accused President
McNear of saying on the previous day
that -'the resolution was intended to al
low the ."coolie class to enter this coun
try to reclaim islands on the Sacramento
River. :• > . ; , ¦ • . :
-President McNear answered: "The gen
tleman is making a statement that is not
true." . - ¦,
:VYou made : that statement to me yes
terday on the floor of the exchange in
the presence of another member, T. J.
Clunie." retorted Craig.
Clunie jumped to his feet and excite
ment arose when he addressed Craig as
follows;
Craig Rebuked (fey Meeting.
The Craig amendment was voted down by
36 ayes to 42 noes: Fairfax- Whelan said
that the majority vote was far too small
to. stand as the expression of a body like
the Merchants" Exchange,, with its mem
bership of 46S. He moved that the entire
membership be. allowed . to. ,vote ,on the
resolution by a postal card vote.
When Hugh' Craig arose to. speak again
he was met with loud cries of "previous
question." Craig shouted that he would
keep the floor, all night, but that he-in
tended to express his views.
E. W. Hopkins, a director, of the ex
change, emphatically stated that the di
rectors were opposed to coolie labor and
had always expressed -.themselves so.
resolution and confined ourselves to the
merchant class." .
When the president sought to put the
amendment • as .presented by .Craig tho
vote' was taken -oy'rbllcall. on demand of a
member. .-.' - ' ...¦'-.' '¦¦
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be forwarded to the President of the United
States, to the Representatives and Senators
from California in Congress, to the California
Commissioners at Washington. D C, and to
the press of San Francisco.
Resolved. That we earnestly invoke the im
nrediate action of all individuals Included in
the classes named by the Chamber of Com
merce and the Merchants' Exchange, i. e.. sales
men, clerks, buyers, bookkeepers, accountants,
managers, storekeepers, bankers and cashiers.
In order that the views of these classes may
be conveyed directly to their respective Rep
resentatives and Senators in Congress; and for
this purpose we request that each person so
concerned shall communicate his views by let
ter or postal at the earliest possible date.
Further , • • - • ..
Resolved, That we hereby urgently call upon
our respective Representatives and Senators in
Congress to work and vote for the passage of
House bill No. 9330 and Senate bill No. 29GO to
the end that all classes of labor shall' be
equally and fully protected from a degrading
and hopeless competition with Chinese, Fur
ther
Resolved. That we regard the attitude of the
Chamber of Commerce and the Merchants' Ex
change as calculated to dereat all efforts at
effective Chinese exclusion, for the reason that
the classes which these bodies propose shall
be freely admitted to the United States are
preclsly those from whom the greatest danger
of competition is to be feared, and for the fur
ther reason that any attempt to exempt any
class from the operation of the Chinese ex
clusion law would vitiate the entire measure.
Further
Resolved, Ry fie San Francisco I,abor Coun
cil, in regular session assembled, that we con
demn the resolutions of these bodies as an act
of the grossest bad faith toward the people of
the State, as treachery toward the interests of
the State and nation and as absolutely inde
fensible upon any ground* further •
Whereas, The Chinese Exclusion Convention
held in San Francisco November 21 and 22.
1001, at ¦which were representatives of all in
terests of the Stute — labor, agricultural, manu
facturing and commercial — unanimously de
clared in favor of the re-enactment of the ex
isting Chinese exclusion law, with the proviso
that, if possible, its terms should be made
more comprehensive and effective, and
Whereas, At the said convention the repre
sentative* of the mercantile interests were
unanimous in the expression that they, had
nothing to fear from an exclusion law. as de
monstrated by the maxim that "there Is no
sentiment in business": and by the fact that
the trade of the United States with China has
greatly increased during the ten years since
the Genry act became operative, which in
crease is now admitted by the resolutions of
the Chamber of Commerce and the Merchants'
Exchange, therofore ba It .
Whereas, | The ostensible reasons driven ' by
these bodies for their action Ss that the Chi
nese exeluoion measures now oendintc in Con
gress would. If enacted "be harmful to our
mercantile interests," and
Whereas, The board of trustees of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce and the 'board
of director* of the' San Francisco Merchants'
Exchange have during the present week
adopted resolutions calllnsr upon the President
of the United States and the California delega
tion in Congress "to use their utmost efforts
to induce Congress to enact legislation so
as to grant the unrestricted entrance Into the
United States -to air merchants and members
of the mercantile class of China, such- as sales
men, clerks, buyers, bookkeepers, accountants,
managers, storekeepers, bankers and cashiers,"
and . .
lutlons adopted by the Labor Council fel
low:
Desire Trade of China.
President MdNear stated that as the
Kahn bill now before Congress meant the
absolute exclusion of the merchant class
of Chinese and as the" entire .world was
seeking the trade of China he felt that it
would be a fatal error .for thla country to
close the door to Chinese merchants, thus
affording China an opportunity to retali
ate by sending her trade to/other coun-
Lewis Gerstle moved to amend the reso
lution presented so that it would favor
the re-enactment -of the present Geary ex
clusion laws. The amendment of Mr.
Gerstle was put to a vote and defeated.
Hugh Craig moved to add to the resolu
tion, after the word "cashiers," the fol
lowing clause, "barring \inder;all circum
stances every class of coolie laborers."
The motion of Craig was the cause of
considerable oratory and heated discus
sion and the president had his hands
full in keeping the members in order by
use of the gaveL
Craig made a long speech In favor of
excluding all Chinese coolie labor. He
said that the organization should be most
careful in its expression on the exclusion
laws. He argued that the resolution as
presented meant an unrestricted admis
sion of all Chinese and that this meant a
menace to the working classes of this
country and to the rising generation.
The speaker then stated that China only
purchased goods from this country to the
extent of 6 cents per capita per annum,
while other countries purchased as much
as $15 per capita each year. He attacked
the resolution as presented and hoped
that his amendment would prevail.
Directors Oppose Coolie Labor.
R, P. Schwerin stated that the board of
directors only sought to show that it was
the desire of the business community to
secure bread commercial relations with
China and leave to Congress the question
of coolie labor.
"I resent Craig's . statements that the
directors want coolie labor to enter this
country."- said Schwerin. "The Kahn bill
takes care of that and it is impossible for
any coolie to enter this country as a
banker, clerk, broker, or business man un
der the present laws. The Kahn bill seeks
to prevent the admission of the merchant
class and all we seek is a broad commer
cial relation with China. We purposely
excluded the coolie proposition from the'
THE largest meeting of members
of the Merchants' Exchange wit
nessed fn many years took place
* yesterday afternoon when the
organization took action on the
resolution a<iopted by the board of direc
tors as to an expression toward the re
newal of the Chinese exclusion laws by
Congress.
The assembly room of the Merchants'
Exchange was crowded to the doors when
President George WJ McNear called the
meeting to order. Men representing great
wealth and of prominence in the commer
cial world were present and the greatest
interest was taken.iri the proceedings.
The preamble and resolution adopted
by the board of directors and which were
placed before the meeting for ratification
or rejfection w.ere'as follows:
Whereas, There are now pending In the
National Congress of the United States at
Washington certain bills which we believe may
be construed to SO' restrict the entrance' of the
mercantile class of: China into the United
States as to be harmful to our mercantile in
terests; and • ¦ s*. ,J3 '.-• •.<...
Whereas. The • trade ¦ of .. the ; port of San
Francisco with the Chinese empire Is of great
and Increasing Importance, its value:, for the
year 1690. Including Honckonc, ' being $15.-
GS9.45S, and. for the year lSOo £5G,6S5,4;53; and
Whereas, . For the , proper' conserving and
promoting of 1 this . exchange ; of commodi
ties we believe.lt Is of the'- utmost importance
that all facilities of .commerce and. the cour
tesies due to friendly- nations be extended, par
ticularly to that class of the Chinese empire
which operates, controls . and . has in itself., the
means and power, of furthering .this trade,
¦which, under favorable conditions ¦ and by .th<«
assistance of a broad Government poiUy. is
destined to assume vast proportions, in the fu
ture;, therefore. -.'¦•¦ -_¦'.'' > f Vfrit ¦ ¦ " v
Resolved. That '.we, the -board ' of ..directors
of the Merchants" Exchange.;- <lo hereby mart
respectfully and earnestly, petition the Presi
dent of the United States, and our Represen
tative* in Congress/ to use their utmost efforts
to Induce Congress to enact* legislation so as
to grantjknrestricted entrance into the United
States ttTall ' merchants and members of the
mercantile class of Chinese,- such as salesmen,
clerks buyers, bookkeepers, accountants,
managers, storekeepers, bankers and _ cashiers.
The Iroquois Club adopted the following
resolutions last night:
Resolved. By the Iroquois Club of San
Francisco, that we regret and condemn the
pernicious efforts of the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce and the Merchants' Exchange
a ? d^u. f a11 lndlv 'duals and organizations In aid
of Chinese immigration, and. that we deem the
passage of the bill which has been approved
by the Pacific Coast delegation in Congress as
the only effective Impediment which will pre
vent a renewal' of the disastrous and demoral
izing Influx of, Chinese that has been noted in
this State by wanton' lawlessness and by de
grading: social and, industrial horrors
Resolved, That we favor the strictest exclu
sion of Chinese from the Philippines, Hawaii
and Porto Rico, as well as other sections of our
country, and that we favor an enactment to
prevent any Chinese now domiciled In the for
eign colonies or territories of the United States
from being allowed to enter any other port of
the Union.
Resolved, That we favor restricting the crew3
of all American ships to American citizens ex
clusively, and that we oppose and condemn all
attempts to Induce Congress to enact a ship
subsidy bill appropriating millions of dollars
per annum to American bottoms that are man
ned and operated by Chinese sailors.
Resolved. That we Invite the Democratic
State Central Committee and all other Demo
cratic organizations to take such action by reso
lution or otherwise as may seem meet In -tha
premises. i
PRESIDENT O/viNIELS OR OAKLAND ENQUIRER
ResibJutjon PreWi^dgJ^ Advocating Admission of the
Mercantile Class Causes Impa^ Between Members.
The labor Council Is Strongly in Favor of the Re-enactment of Law
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE IN HEATED
DEBATE ON EXCLUSION OF CHINESE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1902.
The San Francisco Labor
Council- at its meeting .last
night :"! adopted .-'.' ' : ' resolutions
strongly .condemning the ac
tion of the Chamber of Com
merce Merchants' Ex
change in regard to Chinese
exclusion I and demanding the
re-enactment of an anti-Chi
nese law, by Congress.
fore, and returned to us without being handed
to this commissioner, all right.
Mr. Ach — Well. I will not hand them to the
commissioner.
Mr. Snook — Tliat Js the understanding. - .
Mr. Hill — That is distinctly understood.
7
AMUSEMENTS. '-~*
4 JBL. fc srt Ea*^ £ rv el. r
Belasco & Thall Managers
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
The DaniteS;
% . • ' ;. '
"A Romance of California."
The Representative Western Drama.
California In the StSrring TDaj-s of 1849.
Eeauiiful Scenes of tho Sierras.
MATINEE TO-DAY AXD SUNDAY.
PRICES— 13c. 25c, 35c, 50e and 75c.
Monday— "THE ROGUE'S COMEDY."
BEL&SGO a-oTHALCS^jfl^
Theater Thoroughly Heated 'With Steam.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY. '
The Powerful and Thrilling Melodrama,
Master and Man.
PRICES— Evenings. 10c. 15e. 50c Matinees,
10c. 15c. 25c.
Next Monday— "A YOUNG WIFE."
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, Feb. 8.
Parqnetto. "any seat. 25c: Balcony. 10; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part except reserved.
A VAUDEVILLE WHIRLWIND!
Winchermann's Bears; Adelina Boat-
tlno; Eeichens' Hand-Balancing
Dogs; Victor Jerome, Lottie Fre-
mont and Harry W. Welch and
The BiogTaph. Last times of Sa-
bel; Jordan and Crouch; the\Da
Coma Familv, and the GBEAT
CYCLE WH1BX. . ;]
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS of
"Jim the_Pepan."
Commencing MOXDAT EVENING NEXT. *
FAREWELL WEEK OF
EDWIN ARDEN
In His Most Successful Drama,
"RAGLAN'S WAY."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15e. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
TO-NIGHT AND MATINEE TO-DAY,
LAST TIMES-
JAMES K. HACKETT'S Great Romantic Sue-
THE PRIDE OF JENNICO.
Original Scenery and Costumes.
Powerful Cast.
. NEXT STOdIy NIOHT,
CHARLES DALTON
—IN——
"THE SIGN OF THE CROSS."
<SEATS READY.)
vULUmJSflA LEADING THEATEE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
EVERY NIGHT (Except Sunday).
ALL NEXT WEEK.
An<3 Company, Presenting Lorimer Stoddard'a
Dramatization of F. Marion Crawford's
Historical Novel.
"In tiie Palace of the King."
Curtain Rises Ev*ss at 8:15 Sharp— Mat. 2:15.
Coming— "WAY DOWN EAST/'
*Ti¥OLi*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! . j
MATINEE SATURDAY- AT 2 BHARP!
•THE JOLLIEST OF MONARCHS."
THE
AMEER!
Next Opera~"THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES— 25e, 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
E L L->T~1B URT
'• COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
spegialTo-nighti
COMMENCING SUNDAY.
THE GREAT ST. LEON FAMILY.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
Slteig, RACING
I tcry Week Day-
'Br Rain cr Shins. •
NEW CALIFORNIA' JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Uaces start at 2:15 p. m. ebarp.
Ferry-beat leaves £aa Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30, 2. 2:'M and X p. m., connect ing
with trains btopping at the entrance to the
track. Last tv.o can on train reserved tor
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Uuy your
ferry tickets to t-'hell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars bo direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave .the track at 4:13
and 4 :45 p. m. and immediately alter, the last
race.
; THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
HOFMANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST. ' '{'{%
TTVl/O EXTRA RECITALS.
KEXT WEDNESDAY 7CIGHT. Feb. 12
NEXT SATURDAY AFTERNOON'. Feb.* 15.
% At -METROPOLITAN HALL; >¦-',,.. '-
Seats en sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'il "
PKICES-J2. fl M», fi and 60c.
All sorts of people use it,
all sorts of stores sell the
famous English complexion
soap. Established 1789.
Sold all over the world.
PALACE and |
GRAND HOTELS. !
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district — on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea- f
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parks— i
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
' AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT.
JOYEKILE FAIRYLAND CARHYAL,
AT'— - ¦" ¦ •
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
SATURDAY EVENING, FEB. 8TH, 7 P. M.
ALLEGORICAL ELECTRICAL BALLET.. ,
150 Children in Gorgeous Costumes.
PACIFIC CAT CLUB'S SPLENDID ARRAY
- ' OF PRIZE FELINES.
; BENNETT'S, BIG MILITARY BAND; \
BEAUTIFUL EXHIBITS AND * BOOTHS.
And 50 Other Great Attractions. ;- : , '
THE ONE BIG ENTERTAINMENT OF THE
YEAR.
Six Admission Transferable Tickets, $1; Sin-
gle Adraleeion, 25c; Children, 10c. ' • v ,*
Ticket Sale Now Open at. Sherman, Clay &
"Cb.'s. The Emporium, '. " ' V '. . '»..
THE PAVILION ".
And Other Places. ... -
; . . ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Egyptian DEITIES I
I CIGARETTES I
B are in a class by themselves among 1
B ¦ - ¦ ¦ - / • ' p|
I Turkish cigarettes, and have never I
1 been equaled. There is no uncertainty 1
I or indecision when buying them: you I
B are sure that they are the best Turkish B
I f cigarettes thai you can get anywhere, i
I They never vary or change in quality, I
I flavor or workmanship, because they 1
19 cannot be made better or of better g
i materials. It will interest you exceed« a
I ingly, if you smoke "Turkish" at all I
I and have never tried DEITIES, to light I
j| one and — well, you will Know then that ||
I "No better Turkish cigarette can be |
j§ made." . |i
1 Egyptian • * i 1
I &MBLEMS [%f0!^f^ I
&1 &re the same as DEITIES / . g|
JH but with corK tips. i S
£m Shis sifnaturt is mn tttrp box. B
I A Flash of Light
|j in the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious
I California Limited
|1 gleaming with its real electric lights. It races from
i San Francisco to Chicago In three daysv What a Jolly world 'this, would be if the
poets could only eat their poems!
¦ ¦'¦ ' -' ¦ ' - ¦ " ¦ ' ' ¦ " . . . . \ '.-..-. ¦ : . .- ¦ .
Wish for pluck instead of luck, then go
to. work and success is yours.
Only fools- want to keep .what you are
anxious to get rid. of. That is why the
fair sex never keep secret*.
The railroad men;* of this city; have or
ganized a baseball team. The club will be
known as the Railroad :, Traffic ; baseball
team. The officers are : President, L. ?' M.
Railroad Men on the Diamond.
: . Dr. .Hallwood's pet mongoose was "put
to death yesterday , in ¦ the Appraiser's
building in | accordance with | the ¦ ruling of
the .Secretary, of the Treasury < that mon
gooses may not be .imported into the
United States. A dose of cold 'poison did
the work, -i • ¦ v . . .; . . i .*.
Last of the Mongoose.
The ¦ sixth annual dog show of the San
Francisco Kennel Club will be held in Me
chanics' Pavilion from April 23 to 26, in
clusive. ; L, A. Klein, a well-known au
tnonty on dogs, has been elected honor- :
ary manager and secretary^of the show.
Dog , Show, in April.
Rollo :c. Plersori, the defaulting < Post
master,' of Louisville," UK, was brought be
fore -United" States: Court'* Commissioner
Heacock yesterday morning. : He- waived
examination and was . then : taken before
United estates District Judge de 1 Haven
who ordered him extraditedto Illinois for
trial. ;:The Illinois indictment --- charges
Pierson" with having embezzled $1186 while
acting as Postmaster last October
Ex-Postmaster' Pierson Extradited.
¦ : If the weather^ be ; clear, to-morrow the
Olympic , Club* men, headed •' by President
William Greer Harrison, will walk to Bur.
lingame, where they -will be ¦•¦ entertained
at luncheon.; They will also see polo as it
Is played -by the clever horsemen of the
Burlingame Country, Club. • The party .is
limited to 100 members. .
Will Walk to Burlingame.
D.' J. Sheehan and N. Berber vs. J. R. Bock
man and E. Lynch; J. McNamara and T. Finn
\*s. -T. Sweeney and -P."*Farrell; K. Barry and
D. Regan vs. M. Klrby and C. Murray; H. H.
Llssner and W. Kavanaugh .vg. w. Walsh and
J. Brady; E. White and W. Mitchell vs A
Whiteman and J. Glynn; G. Green : and W.
Johnson vs.' F. Smith and Mose Levy; M. Dil
lon and E. Maloney vs. G.\ Hutchlnson and
William Kelly; J. C. Nealon and J. Harlow
v«. M. J. Kllgrallon and R. Linehan : J. Rlordan
and W. Magulre vs. j. White andE. Curley.
James Fitzgerald, the handball cham
pion," will play a handicap match to-mor
row with- Joseph Collins in Phil Ryan's
court Fitzgerald will use only his right
hand. The other matches will be between
the- following players: „,
Handball Hatches.'
The revival ln bowling has reached the
Olympic Club. Its excellent alleys are be
ing^placed in condition and will soon be
ready for its athletic young men. A bowl
ine ¦; committee, consisting " of William
Mackie, F. C. Montealegre. J. W. Mullen,
T. C. Spillane ! and Edwin Goeller,' has
been appointed to take charge of the pas
time. ¦
/ Olympic Club Bowlers.
The? race will start', between" Elmhurst and
San Leandro at 11 a. m.; .March 30, and will
finish.' at the regular, triangle finish; one rider
from : each club in each f of • ten : , eroups ; these
groupa.-to start at '.intervals jof five minutes.
Trailers.; are allowed, - but .• they must wear
sashes biff enough to distinguish the club colors
at a. distance ¦ of at least one hundred feet
No. paclne allowed. .The, time each man "of
each club makes 'will be added and the club
with the fastest aggregate time wins. . ,
The twenty-five : mile handicap Twill be
decided,' on March 16, -.the Eldredge.cup
race on March 20 and the great relay race
on May. 18. •; -¦ . ¦ .
The; race for the Eldredge cup is a new
one. It will be- governed by conditions
taken; partly from .< the relay race and
partly- from- the Baker & Hamilton cup
race..; Captain F. Bollo of the racing com
mittee-outlines It as follows: /:
t The road racing conimittee ; of the Cali
fornia Associated • Cyclers : has - fixed the
dates ; f or\ three of its annual events. .
Decided ' in March ' and Belay
;:;:7 Eace-ia May: :
Twenty-Five-Mile .Handicap ¦.?; to Be
TERAPSHOOTERS PREPARE ' v>
FOR COMING SEASON
Club Officials Are . Considering a
Proposition to Consolidate
Various Organizations.
With the close of the shooting season
the shotgun experts are already planning
for the pastime afforded by the, traps, in'
which live birds and bluerocks' are used;
There is a generally: expressed desire
to consolidate the various clubs promoting
this sport, ; thus reducing the number ot
competitions and the expense to the men
who 'take part. B To bring about' this re
sult committees have been appointed and
are expected I to succeed in their , efforts.
The Lincoln Gun Club will be 'represented
at the conference by Edgar . Forster, J.
Bruns and Phil Bekeart; the San Fran
cisco Club by Clarence Haight, Joe
Sweeney and George Jackson,- and - the
Olympics by a committee yet to be named.
There will not be shpots every Sunday, as
heretofore, and the season will be short
ened.' the intention- being to close it in
July instead of September, as heretofore.
If the consolidation is effected- the first
big shoot of ' the year will be held on
Washington's birthday. * .,
There will be a practice , shoot at blue -
rocks on the Lincoln Club grounds, Ala
meda Point, to-morrow at 10 o'clock. ¦>. *
In practice at Hay wards recently Clar
ence Nauman broke 112 bluerocks with
out a miss," The official record, for the
coast stands at this figure, having been
made , in a tournament • by Bchultz. Nau
man .will represent California in the Great
American Handicap at ¦ Kansas - City? in
March. * It is possible Otto F"eudner > and ,
Clarence Haight may accompany, him. -
There were", more than ., 200 ? entries . last
year and a greater number are expected '
this season. ¦ ' \ ¦ . ¦ . .> .¦ ¦ • •
inetcher, Missouri Pacific; first vice pres
ident, F. W. T. Winkle; secretary, H. W.
Adams, general agent freight department,
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific; treas
urer, C. W. Colby, general agent, Erie
Dispatch; manager and scorer, W. R. Al
berger," chief clerk, traffic department of
Santa Fe; captain. E. M. Pomroy, gen
eral agent, Pensylvania system ; press
committee— George Fraser. law depart
ment,-. Southern Pacific; W. R. Alberger
and: C. W. Colby; club umpire. Harry
Wheeler. .The club is composed of twenty
ball players, who are all railroad em
ployes, and a strong team is to be picked
from that number. Last year the railroad
men played a number of games and made
a splendid record. . Negotiations have al
r fy ea been entered into to play, both Stan
ford University and the University of Cal
ifornia. •¦ ,
DATES \ ARE NAMED •
'¦;/ ¦ • FOR CYCLING FIXTURES
Experts Receive Large Salaries, but They Are Only in Keeping With the
Tremendous Strain and Worry Which the Position Places on a Man.
-"'¦ • •" '¦¦?.'.
MANY spectators at a racetrack labor . under the im
pression that the only one and laborious trial of a
starter is the time engrossed In drawing his salary.
As a matter of fact,; the henpecked husband, with
his mother-in-law as v excess luggage, or, the conduc
tor collecting fares in a crowded car on a rainy night, have an
easy time in comparlsoniwith -the-man who dispatches the
fields on a racetrack. v** 1 ¦. ' r ;:
Of course the salary attached to the position is large,
dwarfing that of the esthetic bank clerk and probably thirteen
times the sum earned monthly by. the plodding hodcarrier; but
it is none too large, for no place on this terrestrial sphere is
so much kicking indulged in as -on a racecourse, r The insistent
female habitue who fools her husband and ."chips in" two bits
with her grand-stand neighbor .'and the dollar "piker" are the
worst foes encountered by a flag wielder.
Every time they lose a bet the start must of necessity have
been a bad one, and these penny wise ¦¦¦ and pound foolish
dullards are ready to scourge the starter. ' The man who bets
- - ¦> -.,'. ,i ..- . ¦¦¦- ¦-¦;¦ . - -1}_Z*'
the big coin, when he "loses; tears up his tickets, saunters back
Into the ring and tries again."- ' • ' . :
Treat them ever so kindly.'and the ingratitude of the jockey
toward a starter is exhibited/ at the post, for nine among ten
of these mushroom upstarts will make a ; start look like a
Chinese funeral procession; iff he can. :. '. ¦/
Then, too, owners contribute to the happiness of a starter
by such orders as: . '. ' '';~.l\'-. , . , , . ¦-";-.
"Don't let thatguy leave you to-day." ¦ -
"Beat the bloody barrier and I'll stand the fine."
"Bust away in ; front if you. have to. stay, there -all day." "
"He can't start a flrein-a- cook stove, so grab the outside
position over, there." .•/",'-'.; • : . , . '- ¦?;}" Y •£*"
"Don't let that assistant 'soak thishorse; if he does run
over him.". - ' • ••'c'' -¦ : ; - ;: .;;. -;• • '[VU:
Dick Dwyer and Jake -¦Holtman, two *of , the. best men . with
the starting gate in the country, are . doing business at Oak
land. If you think theyhaye no troubles of their own, ask
them about it. . ' \. - : "•;?;> . : . = ¦. "
JOCKEYS CAN ENTANGLE A FIELD OF HORSES
IN A WAY THAT ONLY A WIZARD CAN UNRAVEL
STARTER JAKE HOLTMAN IN A CHARACTERISTIC ATTITUDE READY TO. RELEASE THE BARRIER, TO
GETHER WITH SNAPSHOTS OF A. FIELD OF HORSES IN A VARIETY OF. 7 THE TANGLES INTO WHICH
AMBITIOUS JOCKEYS CAN PLACE THEM WITHOUT EXERTING THEMSELVES.
The attention of the coursing enthu
siasts throughout the State is centered on
the meeting to be held at Union Park
on Washington's birthday. The Belle
Brandon cup stake will uncover all the
great greyhounds, while the California
plate will attract the champions. The
latter stake will be worth more than $500
to the winner. It is limited to ninety-six
entries at $10, to which will be added $1200
by the Union Coursing Park Association.
Palo Alto has recovered from his recent
accident and is in training for the event.
Beacon, the great blue dog; Sacramento
Boy, now at his best; Luxor, Royal Arch
and all the fleetest greyhounds will be in
the running. P. M. Curtis is giving Sir
Pitt, his crack Cavalier puppy, which
showed so well last year in the Futurity,
a special preparation for the event.
In the Belle Brandon stake Dr. F. P.
Clark of Stockton will start Phosphorus,
the crack youngster, which resembles
For Freedom in color and conformation.
He will be represented also by Fire
cracker and possibly by Maid ¦ of Termi
nus.
G. MacE. Malcolm will send Majdr
Mason, a brindle dog by Glancer, to the
slips. He will also start Matters Much !
and May Morning. ,
D. J. Healey has five youngsters by
Emln Pasha-Maggie' N which have shown
speed and stamina in a • private trial.
These qualities will be required owing
to the strength of the hares which
"Charley" Griswold has in training.
Sterl & Knowles have one puppy from this
litter.
The Pasha Kennels has a For Free
dom-Metallic youngster which should be
good owing to its breeding. George Starr
has one of the same litter.
A. R. Curtis will start but one dog,
distemper having attacked the majority
of his saplings. His Fetter Free-Rockette
puppies are struggling with the disease
now.
Distemper has not made the ravages
among the young greyhounds this year
which it has in the past. It has been
comparatively mild and few deaths have
resulted up to the present time.
George Nethercott, who won the stake
once with Freda C, will have a sapling
by Emin Pasha-Little Wonder, with
which he hopes to again finish first.
As this meeting is under the auspices
of the interstate coursing committee, a
charge of 25 cents will be made at the
grate.
P. M. Curtis tried out a two-year-old
black dog on Monday which is expected to
prove a factor in coursing soon. He is by
Fetter Free, out of Twilight, a sister to
Skyrocket. Twilight- was eleven years
old when she whelped this dog, 'an un
upual age for a greyhound. Mr. Curtis
pays: "He is the finest dog I ever raised."
This is high praise when the long roll of
stake winners from the San Jose Kennels
is remembered. The new wonder, has been
sick and was allowed to work into form
gradually. Last Monday he was tried
out with Rector, leading him handily. -
W. C. de B. Lopez has sold his clever
greyhound Pepita to George H. Macdoug
all of Butte, Mont This gives the latter
a string of six good performers. He says
there is a demand for good two-vear-old
greyhounds and that five or six could be
sold readily.
In the special stake which will be run
at Union Coursing Park to-day and,to
morrow the winners in the first • round
look to be: .
Harlekn Gladys. A. J. Martin. Luxor Green
hall. Homer Boy. Roaa, Ruby Sankey, Tame
Tralee. Iceland. Flying Fox, War Eagle, Fenil,
Ijoyal Lad, Kibosh. Vulcan. Tralee Boy.
Kocker. Merrlmac, Sacramento Boy and Charta.
In the open stake the probable wlnneVs
are:
Miss 'Wilson, Belle Rocket, Clarice, Living
Picture,., Tapioca, Fine Fire, Lady Sears, Gold
Ore. I«06t Chord, Santonin, Forest Queen, Rep
resentative, Roy Hughie, Wapsee, Fearful
Vfhi?, Cory, Sempronius, White Hat. Cotton
x£ll, First Foot. Ollta, Warpath, Bogus Brum
mel. Anchor, Silver Cloud. Pepita, Jewess,
Royal Friend, -Lear King. Lilac. Gramercy.
Sir Pitt. ¦_ _
Last Saturday the title of woman golf
champion of Southern California, which
has been held for two years past by Mrs
Jean W. Bowers of Garvanza, was won by
Miss Ada N. Smith of • the San Diego
Country Club, who defeated Mrs. J. o
Foster of the Los Angeles Country Club
ln the final round. Tnere were nine en
tries for- the event, and of these four qual
ified. In the opening and semi-final round
Miss Ada H. Smith beat Miss Brownell
2 up,- and Mrs. J. D. Foster defeated Mrs
F. H. Seymour 4 up 3 to play. Mrs. Jean
.W. Bowers of Garvanza tied with Mrs
Foster in the qualifying round, but was
compelled by illness to give up further
part in the contest. The match was played
on the- links of. the Los Angeles Country
Club. Had Mrs. Bowers, who has been
woman champion of South«rn California
for the past two or three yetfrs, been able
to continue play, it is probable she would
have- retained' her title, as she has Ion"
been regarded as the strongest player of
her sex in'that part of the State.
Yesterday the .interclub team match of
the Southern California Golf Association
began on the links of the Pasadena Coun
try Club, and- will be concluded to
day., Each team consists of four Dlavcra
and plays an eigh teen-hole match with
e X, er J other team The matches are de
cided by points. 1 or 2 upAcountine 1
point," 3 or 4- up counting'2 points. Ind
5 or more up counting 3 points. The team
winning the -greatest number of noint*
captures the. medals and the team cham
pionship. A second interclub team match
will be played on the Pachappa Golf Cluh
links at Riverside on March 21 and 22
The men's amateur golf championshin
of, Southern California will be played t n?
on the links of the Los Angeles Count ™
Club, the qualifying round over tWrty-SJ
holes, medal play, taking place on Thurs
day, February 20. half in the morning and
the remainder in the afternoon. The open
Ing and semi-final match play rounds will
The second eighteen holes of the first
home-and-home match between teams
representing the San Francisco and Oak
land Golf Clubs will be played this after
noon on the links at Adams Point. Both
clubs will probably have the same repre
sentatives as on last Saturday, though
.some slight changes may be made in the
order in which they are arranged in the
team. The San ' Francisco team in the
first half of the match, which was played
last Saturday on the Presidio links, se
cured the substantial lead of 18 up, so the
Oakland team will have to win 19 up this
afternoon, if the first of the series of
home-and-home matches is to prove a vic
tory for the Alameda County golfers.
Three series of arfnual home-and-home
tournaments have been played and in
every instance the team* have won, by
large or small- margins, on their own
courses.- A knowledge of the local con
ditions counts for more in golf than/ in
any. other game, since no. two courses in
the world are quite alike. Golfers natur
ally acquire some knowledge of the pecu
liarities of courses not far distant from
their own, and men frequently are mem
bers of neighboring clubs. Some of the
San Francisco golrers belong to the Oak
land Golf Club, and some of the Oakland
ers are members of the Presidio organi
zation. Then, previous to matches, mem
bers of the teams make a point of get
ting some . practice on the links of tneir
adversaries. But, though all this tends to
reduce the- disadvantage of playing on
a -course with : which the golfer is not
thoroughly lamiliar, the home team al- J
ways has an advantage. It is, therefore,
not Mnukely. that the Oakland team will
win In this afternoon's play, but it Is
hardly probable that they will wipe off
the score already standing ln favor of San
Francisco. ... ,
•The score of J. A. Folger against H. C.
Golcher last Saturday was somewhat un
expected, as.Golcher has been playing a
strong game for some time past and nad
the further advantage of playing on his
home links. But on the other hand War
ren Gregory's defeat of G. D. Greenwood
8 ; up was by a larger margin than would
reasonably have been anticipated. One
satisfactory thing about the contest was
the sportsmanlike manner . in which the
losing team accepted defeat, without
abuse of the weather, the course, their op
ponents or their luck. .
The prospects for a good yachting sea
sen in the neighborhood of San Francisco
are excellent. - The three local clubs are in
a good condition as regards the number
of their members and the expected strug
gle for the possession of the perpetual
challenge cup is awakening much Interest.
Though the matter of fitting out a yacht
to defend the trophy at the expense of the
club created a warm discussion at the an
nual meeting of the Corinthians, there is
littie. doubt that all the money necessary
to equip the defender in the best possible
manner will be forthcoming. The mem
bers of the Corinthian Yacht Club, , even
if ' their directors should be unwilling to
meet a heavy expense, would never con
sent, to let the cup go by default. Once
the decision is made to defend the trophy,
the defense will be made vigorously and
with .little consideration of its cost. It is
strange that ¦ the most 'strenuous opposi
tion-to the policy of equipping a defender
at the expense of the club should have
been made by the owners of a yacht upon
whose boat several hundred dollars were
expended to fit her for a similar purpose.
The club -has; a large list of members, a
grped income and a numerous fleet. It has
won about four-fifths of all trophies open
to. general competition among the yachts
of the bay.
The South Bay Yacht Club recently held
its annual meeting and elected the fol
lowing officers for the coming year: Com
modore, Dr. H. A. Spencer of the schooner
Muriel; vice commodore, Sanford I F.
Smith; secretary, C.'A. Barker: treasurer,
Captain A. E. Moody; port captain, Wil
liam Ortley; members of the board of di
rectors — R.-- Frank Peckham and G. E.
Owen. The newly elected directors will
Use their best efforts to secure the erec
tion of the clubhouse at Alviso, where the
yachts are moored. The intention is to
build a well equipped two-story cottage.
The reports of officers, which will be
presented at the annual meeting of the
San Francisco Yacht Club, will snow the
club is in a good financial condition, hav
ing wiped oft a considerable debt and hav
ing more members than at any time since
its reorganization. Work is progressing
on the main hall, which, is being hand
somely fitted and decorated. The direc
tors hope during the coming year to pay
all current expenses, complete the main
hall and give the usual number of enter
tainments. :/-.:
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club and the election of
officers for the coming twelve months will
be held in the Merchants' Exchange next
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. There
Is no sign of any opposition to the regular
ticket, as prepared by the nominating
committee, which consisted of ex-Com
modore Dr. T. L. Hill, W. G. Morrow and
J. R. Savory. The following §re the
nominees for the various offices: For
commodore— R. S. Bridgman, owner of the
sloop Thetis and at present vice commo
dore; Vice Commodore A. C. Lee, owner
of the sloop Surprise and at one time vice
commodore of the California Yacht Club;
port captain, F. A. Robbins, owner of the
launch Rob Roy; secretary, W. M. Edgell,
one of the charterers of the yawl Royal;
financial secretary, A. G. A. Mueller; for
treasurer, R. M. Welch; measurer, A. L.
Dennison. The only incumbents of office
are W. M. Kdgell and R. M. Welch, botn
of whom hate proved most efficient direc
tors. , .
Will Start Their Fastest
Greyhounds for Belle
Brandon Cup and Plate
- . ; ¦"¦¦' • --V- "" "¦ 031-'-"
Second Half of Home-and-
Home Match Takes Place
To-Day on Oakland Links
Local Yachtsmen Discuss
Coming Events and An
ticipate Great Activity
CITY GOLFERS
AT ADAMS POINT
SEASON ON BAY
WILL BE LIVELY
RICH STAKES
FOR LEASHMEN
Discuss Water Bates.
A 4 conference of city officials was hehl
yesterday in the office of the Board of
Public Works for the purpose of discuss
al t^hT^SV* the water rates - wh!ch
end of thl! ™ b & th ?, Su I >ervl80r8 at tha
end or this month. Mayor Schmitz Su-
W^te^C^^if; Wyn , n and ciSr of The
«™ =t,°. m^ nlttee ' Commissioners Man
son ana Casey fend Citv Kne'neer
?eer M G?iin t v ende l the conference 3 En S 1
thl a r?rfr«?« 7 submitted * statement on
thMSiw'v 11^ 11 S? the realty owned by
was » P n ? n w"? y JI Waler Company. There
w ™ « ormal discussion of the matter,
but no action was taken.
The next tournament on the club courts
W !H be *? n "Washington's birthdav. This
will mark the opening of the spring sea-
s °n- . « will be an open class singles,
which seems the most, popular form of
E| a /- It Is possible Taylor, Tobin and
Driscoll will take part. Tkey would be
put in the first class. The presence of
these experts would add greatly to the in
terest and give an opportunity of judging
how they compare with the cracks of the
Present day. Many are of the opinion that
priscoll would carry off the honors of the
nrst class, but the chances of the other
two are not considered so srood.
.The Coquelcot Tennis Club of Oakland
has reorganized and will hold its first:
tournament on the 22d of this month. It
will be an Invitation class singles
Tennis players of the University of Cal
ifornia are ln practice for the intercol
legiate tennis matches in April. Stanford
has not yet settled down to practice
take place on Friday. February ZL The
final round, which will be over thlrty-^lx
holes, will bo played on Saturday, Febru
ary 22. . "
On Monday next the members of th»
£, ad K es .,, Ani \ ex of th . e San Francisco Golf
Club will take part In a match play tour
nament over eighteen holes, between
teams chosen by two captains. It is an
nounced that In all competitions, whether
qualifying rounds or not, partners or com
petitors will be drawn by lot before play
begins In the contest. An earnest request
Is made that as many ladlea as possible
£,,lt r * Or ip ai i d . play ln the Various
h»S ts> Entries must be received at
the clubhouse before 6 o'clock on the Sat
urday evening preceding the contest
After being up for over two years it
seems the Davis cups may be finally dis
posed of. The best way of doing thi3
would be to let Smith and Smith and
Collier and Crowell, the two teams that
have won them three times, play the best
two matches out of three for permanent
possession of the cups. As the members
of the club are anxious to see the cups
disposed of the plan of letting these two
teams play for them seems a good one.
In the match of last" Sunday the work
of Chet Smith was a surprise. Although,
the other three players are in a class
above him he played fully as strong a.
game. Crowell also played a good game.
and with better support from his partner
misht have won.
In the second • class Alec Beyf uss and
Judah are left to struggle for supremacy
and the right to meet tne first class win
ner for final honors. Beyfuss is probably
the smallest player in the city, but han
dles his racket with skill. This is Judah' s
first appearance on the park courts and
little is known of his ability.
The winner of the first class will giv«
the second class winner odd3 of "fifteen."
This handicap Is too small. Neither oC
the second class men stands much chance
of ultimate victory with so scant a handi
cap. The tournament will be finished to
morrow.
Charles Dunlap, the park champion, and
Harry Routh are left in the first class.
In their two previous tournament matches
Dunlap won each time by a small margin.
Routh has been Improving steadily and
his chances of defeating the champion asr«
good.
The park tennis players held -the first
tournament of the year on the public
courts last Sunday. It proved the most
successful ever held there. The eutry list
was unusually large, particularly so in
the second class. Play was finished down
to the final round in each of the two
classes.
Those in Golden Gate Park
Attract Large Attendance
of Players of All Ages
TENNIS COURTS
ARE POPULAR
TRIBULATIONS OF THE MAN WHO WIELDS THE STARTER'S FLAG ARE MANY AND VARIED
THE SAN FJRAjSCJSCO CALL, SATURDAY/ FEBRUARY* f 8,. 1902-
8VICTIMS OV THE "CUBIC AIR" ORDINANCE WHO SOUGHT TO CON
VINCE V THE COURT THAT A FULL MEASURE OF OXYGEN IS NOT
: . ESSENTJAL'TO. THEIR WELLBEING.
New men already signed by Manager
Lohrnan for next season's Oakland base
ball team are Toung, the lefthanded
pitcher of the Schenectady (X. T.) team
of last year; Mack, last year's Minne
apolis first baseman and crack batsman,
and Norcura, the full-blood Indian out
fielder, who made a batting average of
.280 with Cedar Rapids last season. Tha
old men so far signed are Dr. Moskiman
and Schmidt, twirlers; Mohler. second
base; Francks, shortstop, and Streib, out
fielder. ¦: - . : :
Crack Ball-Flayers for Oakland.
Sixth race, selling,, one mtle — Bean won,
Rose of May second, Charles C third. Time,
1:46.
Third race, steeplechase handicap, short
course— "W. H. Dlxon won. Cantaiias second,
Harve B~ third. Time, 3:14^.
Fourth . race, six furlongs — Marie Bell won,
Parnassus second. Orla third. Time. 1:18%.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth — Piedrlch
won. Sliver Coin second, Beana third. Time,
1:52%.
NEW-ORLEANS. Feb. 7.— Resuts:
First .race, six furlongs — Prowl won, Frank
Jones second. Insolence third. Time, 1:17%.
Second race, selling-, six and a half furlongs
— Barbara Frietchle won, Lofter second. Pha
raoh third. ' Time, 1:24.
New Orleans Racing.
Britt is training for his debut as a pro
fessional at Croll's Gardens, Alameda.
while Irwin is conditioning himself at the
Terminal on Haight street.
A large delegation from the Olympic
Club has already ordered a section of
seats so-theycan" be together to root fop
their champion. The- Olympic boxer is in
fine fettle,, having been exercising steadily
for. the last seven months. Curtis Rich
ardson is rounding him Into condition.
The flfteen-round bout between "Jim
my" Britt, the crack amateur lightweight,
and Toby Irwin, which is scheduled for
decision at the Acme Club, Oakland, on
the night of the 18th inst. seems to at
tract unusual attention. Already there la
much speculation as to which boxer will
come out of the mill with flying colors.
Judging from the interest taken In tha
bout by followers of the game who rarely
cross the bay to see a mill it is safe to
predict the lads will draw one of the
biggest crowds that ever attended a prize
fight in Oakland.
The club officials will present as strong
a card as possible and to that end are
looking for a man to meet "Rufe" Turner,
the colored lightweight of Stockton. They
are in communication with Perry Queten
an, who fought Turner a draw recently.
Turner seems at hia best now and would
be an attractive addition to the card.
Lavigne will settle- down to regular
training to-day at Blanken'a. O'Brien
will do his work at San Rafael. He will
have to take off a lot of weight as he
ha3 thickened up considerably during hia
stay on this coast. Lavigne. on the other
hand, is slightly under weight and could
fight below, 130 pounds.
The, men met at Harry Corbett's again
last night and renewed their discussion
of the weight question, the only obstacle
between them and a match on Thursday
eyening." Lavlgne wanted to fight at ISS
pounds, the . lightweight , limit, while
O'Brien wanted 135 pounds. They finally
split -the difference and agreed 1 to weigh
hi; at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the
fight at 134 pounds. .
. February Is not to pass without its Im
portant boxing engagement. The officials
of the Yosemite Athletic Club, after many
trials and tribulations, have matched
"Kid"' Lavlgne and Jack O'Brien. They
will fight on the night of the 2Sth mst. in
Mechanics' Pavilion. "'>
Match Finally Made for
/This Month by Officials
of* the Yosemite Club
"KID" LAVIGNE
MEETS O'BRIEN
'A"man seldom walks erect when strait*
en#d by circumstances."^ ;
NEW .HAVEN,: Conn., Feb. .7.— yaie has
accepted the challenge of the University
of California for. a dual track meet, to be
held lh this city, about May 17. -Announce
ment of the acceptance was sent to the
California, team -to-day.' .
Berkeleyto Meet Yale Athletes.
VIENNA, Keb. 7.'— Captain Grossman,
-who started to-day to walk down the
Danube from LJnz to Vienna, » distance
of one hundred, miles, with his newly In
vented walking shoes,* has covered twenty
miles 'of the distance. He Is towing hi»
wife -In a small boat. •
then communicated with the police. When
she heard that he was in Philadelphia she
went . to that city - with two detectives,
hoping to bring about' his arrest there.
Finally she ; heard : that • he • was in New
York, ¦ and - it > was the Information fur
nished by her that enabled Captain Titus
to locate him. r-^&SSRMBnMSBASHB
Walking Down the Danube.
Uarbara Angelovich Says Her Con
sent to the Ceremony Was Ob
tained by Fraud.
Barbara Angelovich filed a suit yester-,
day for the annulment of her marriage. to
Frank Angelovich. The couple were mar
ried in the City Prison last November. Mrs.
Angelovich says her consent to the cere
mony was obtained by fraudulent repre
sentations. . :-; ¦ '.'•'. • "
A. C. Morrison, steward at. the Techau
Tavern, was granted a divorce from
Emery Morrison for intemperance, Mrs.
Morrison sued her husband for
nance, and he answered her suit by filing
a cross-complaint In which, he aprnled for
a divorce. The question as to which one
of the Morrisons shall have the custody
of their daughter will be decided next
Divorces were granted yesterday to' Ida
<=chwartz from Carl Schwartz for willful
desertion. Flora Podesta from'Oulseppl
Podesta for cruelty and Lidie May from
George May for extreme cruelty.
PRISON" MABBIAGE ENDS
IN THE DIVORCE COURT
Bowlers Meet in Doubles and Five-
Man Teams to Play Tourna
ment: Games.
The five-man teams from the San Fran- ,
Cisco and El Dorado Clubs met in the Eu
gene alleys in their schedule games with
the following results:
San Franciscos— El Dorados— f>'-
W. G. Smith 161 186 193 Mayer ..... 144 143 174
Dreger ..... «8 168 178 July ,. 135 131 97
Muller ..... 132 145144 Gautner ... 137 111102
Bush 123 225 177 Lowney . ... 138 154 125
Thormahlen 200 195 l*c F. A. Smith 157 154 153
Totals .. .704 919 S6* J Totals . .'. 712 693 631
The postponed games from January 17,
between Messrs. Eacret and Gott and W.
G. Smith, and W. Thormahlen, resulted as
follows:
.Eacret .. .. 159 181 160 W. G. Smith 160 153 147
Gott • 158 174 189 Thormahlen 138 165 181
' Totals ... 317 355 349 Totals .:. 208 318 328
-The regular schedule, games In the
doubles in the Central alleys resulted as
follows: • " ' •¦;;•;¦¦•?,;<;;
Lee 134 167 153 Leap ... ; . . 193 218 170
Lux . . . . .... 109 176 155 Thorpe .... 19<J 193 13"
r-.Totala ...303 343313 Totals ...3S3411301
Crawford . . 211 153 ISSlLee , ....... 179 150""101
! Minolt ..... 139 142 167 Lux ....... 180 168.180
.Totals . . ./350 295 355 Totals ...359 318 377
Messrs. Pike arid Egbert, who were to
have bowled/have failed to appear In any
of their doubles. :: They must either play
or forfeit their games. . . . ¦¦
SAN .FRANCISCO TEAM .
DEFEATS \ EL DORADOS
'; NEW > YORK, Feb. 7.— Daniel Levy, alias
"Harry Lewis," will go back to Baltimore'
to answer/a charge of forgery if .the com
plaint against him is pressed, but he is of
the. opinion that. he will able to so square
his accounts that he will soon be at lib
erty and able to enjoy the $41,000 . he
brought with him from San Francisco. '
Levy comes from a respectable family.
He was born" and educated in Brooklyn,
an<i he has several ' brothers now living
with his parents on "Union street in that
borough. The police: know him as an old
offender, though they . do not look upon
him as vicious. He visited police head
quarters as a prisoner twice before his
arrest last Thursday. I On the previous oc
casions he had made victims of his rela
tiVCS -V'"' -' vC\. -
In the police gallery his number is 2149,
and he is recorded. as Daniel Levy, alias
"Red" Levy, alias .David Lewis, alias
"Harry" Lewis. -He is now 27 years old.
He was first -arrested In 1893, when his
brother made complaint against, him . for
Dassing Bpurious checks. ¦ He was sent to
the Elmira Reformatory: Again in 1897 he
was arrested for putting out worthless
checks, and a short term in Sing Sing re-
S1 i n e CO urt to-day Levy chuckled as he re
lated how i he had • fooled - the representa
tives of a . detective , agency in | California.
He had enjoyed notoriety when he . was
making ¦ his meteoric career on the Oak
land racetrack. At that time Levy played
for a very large; stake and he had sense
enough, to see that he had failed, and he
withdrew in time to save a small fortune
from the wreck. 'He said:::
• "When '-¦ I quit , San Francisco I -. had
$96 000 i Then I plunged in other directions,
the result -being that I .landed in New
York with $41,000 and I have determined to
eetinto some legitimate business while
the chance is mine. I have telegraphed
my 'wife,' and' I hope ttiat she will come
here She will, unless she is too angry.'*
Levy will "be disappointed. 'in' his hope
that his wife will return to him. v; In fact.
he owes his arrest to her determination, to
be s avenged for the insult .put upon ; her
when he ran, away .with another woman.
After a married life of vless than six
months she learned of his movements and
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.^
Whitbeck has a -fine reputation an a
teacher and his mental accomplishments
are of a high order. He came Into his
wealth by inheritance from. hi3 father,
who was a local banker. Arthur M. Sey
mo*. an attorney and distant relative of
Mrs. Whitbeck, has taken charge or the
laundry business land It is probable that
an effort will be made to dispose of it.
Whitbeck was interested financially in
other enterprises. His assets are far in
excess of his - liabilities,' and no reason is
known for . his strange .-. departure from
home, friends and business.;
Whitbeck was last seen In San Francisco
about January 11. He had an appointment
to meet a friend at a certain hour there
but failed to J keep it. . Some weeks ago in
an effort to restore him to his family a
warrant ( was sworn out charging him
with the desertion of his wife and child
but It was not served for the reason that
the officer could not find him.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. . 7.-James L.
Whitbeck, formerly vice principal of the
Sacramento High School.proprietor of the
American Laundry property, and a young
man of wealth, is .missing and his friends
confess their inability to account for his
disappearance. ; Although the laundry is
a vast business, calling for constant at
tention, Whitbeck has left It without a
head ; and . without apparently ¦ concerning
himself as to what became of It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Racetrack Offender Has
Laugh Over Oakland
; Experience.
To J^aura Roblev. a sister, of Medford.
:-.!ass.. $20,000; to Laura Richardson, a niece,
of Medford, $20,000; to Elizabeth Itobley. a
r.ipce, of Medford, $20,000; to A. O. Richard
yon. a neuhew, of San Francisco, $1000; to
Mary Dcwitt. a piece, cf J,eominRter. Massa
chusetts, $1000: to Elizabeth Richards, a
c.iiein. of Marlon. Mass.. $1000; to Prlscllla
The will of Mrs. Caroline E. Cogswell,
relict of the late Dr. Henry E. Cogswell,
who died in this city Thursday afternoon
after a few days* illness, was filed for
probate yesterday. Mrs. Cogswell, who
possessed $200,000 in her own right, inher
ited a like amount on the death of her
husband, jlhe joint fortune is deposed
of as follows:
Wealthy Young . Sacra
mentan Strangely
Disappears..
.Some time ago the ..Question of-.the-Jri.
coropetency, of Mrs. Daniels ..was brought
before Judge 'Coffey: by a, petition for let
ters of guardianship filed by one of the
woman's S relatives. . Judge j Coffey issued
letters of guardianship . to a- trust com
pany, and subsequently withdrew them,
thus leaving Mrs. Daniels at the mercy of
any one who. might deem it advisable to
prey upon her. . The rapid dwindling : of
the fortune of the unfortunate woman has
attracted I the earnest attention of Judge
Troutt," and he will .pay; Mrs. Daniels a
visit at' the hospital -this morning before
opening court.' " ¦ . ' .. •>-. .
B. H. Nelson of the real estate firm of
Nelson & Johnson testified that he pur
chased the Ashbury. street property, for
which Mrs. Daniels . paid $5125, : for $4350.
His agent in this transaction was G. ' E.
Tucker. Nelson further testified that he
sold the front half of the property .for
$5500, and that he has placed, a value , of
$1000 on the remaining half. ... .^-.r
. .The hearing of the petition for letters of
guardianship t>ver the person and estate
of Mrs., Mary E. Daniels was resumed In
Judge Troutt's court j yesterday. Mrs.
Margaret Halpln is the petitioner, and the
testimony she introduced yesterday sup
ported . her contention that Mrs. Daniels
is incompetent. Mrs. Daniels is a para
lytic, at present confined in the Lane Hos
pital. Considerable Interest is aroused in
the legal proceedings now . being heard,
because she has lost a fortune of $20,000
In a manner. that is at least mysterious.-
According to the testimony introduced
yesterday the loss of Mrs. Daniels' wealth
is due to- deals in realty. She came Into
the money on the "death of her husband,
but little more than five -years ago, and
to-day she has only $3800 left. ' •
It was shown yesterday that in 1895 Mrs.
Daniels purchased through the real estate
firm of Burnham &' Marsh property on
Taylor street, north of Geary, for $15,000,
¦which the- same agents sold two years ago
for $13,000, .less a commission of 2% per
cent. With the proceeds of this sale
property on Ashbury Heights, near Wal
ler street, and on the northwest corner of
Devisadero and Page streets • was pur
chased: by Burnham & Marsh for Mrs.
Daniel^. Subsequently the I Devlsadero
and Page streets property was exchanged
for property on the same streets, but on
the southwest corner, "the shady side of
the street," for the sale of which the real
estate firm had a contract/There was a
mortgage of $6500 on this property, and
when, on December 24 of last year,- Mrs.
Daniels ' was induced to sell the corner
for 59400 she had to pay the French Bank
$7000 of that amount.
FORSAKES HOME
AND BUSINESS
Mrs. Mary . E. Daniels'
Fortune Dwindles to
' a Small Sum.
Will of Mrs. Cogswell Is
Filed for Probate by
the Executor.
REALTY TRADES
RESULT IN LOSS
The San Mateo hounds will meet to
day at 2:30 p. m. at the reservoir/ Bur
llngame. The ground is in excellent con
dition owing to the recent rain. All that
is required to make the hunting . men
happy is a. dry day. The hounds are
steadily improving in pace, appearance
and in hunting qualities. Dropping out a
"tail" hound occasionally has worked
wonders with the pack. "Tail" hounds—
that is, the slowest ones — are of less value
in a drag hunt than in fox, deer or hare
hunting. The gentlemen who hunt with
the San Mateo y hounds should' appreciate
the good sport afforded them this season.
The first polo game of the season will
be played to-morrow at Burlingame. A
notable addition is to be made shortly. to
the ranks of the players. There is no
less a- personage than T. Drysborough,
one of the best players in England and
a recognized authority on the sport. He
is the author of the most comprehensive
book ever 'written on polo, it being the
accepted authority the world over.
Games will be played regularly 'here
after. . .: . . ¦ .• ¦:-¦ .- • , .... v\->v
On Wednesday Miss Tobln, sister of
such thorough sportsmen aa Richard M.
and Joseph S. Tobin, was fa. member of
the field and surprised those in attend
ance by her horsemanship. She has Just
returned from. ¦ a year's sojourn in Ire
land, where she hunted regularly with
the representative packs in County ; Mayo.
Having ¦' ridden over > the stiff, stone
faced fences and, the rough, hilly country
peculiar to that part of Ireland,- she found
little difficulty in negotiating the rail
fences and the delightful foothill country
of San Mateo County.
An unusually large field turned out last
Saturday, its picturesqueness being added
to- by the presence of three whippers-in
clad In the regulation scarlet coat, and
well mounted.
With the return of Francis J. Carolan,
master of San Mateo drag hounds, from
the Bast, the hunting men are showing
renewed interest in that pleasurable
sport. . • • .
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Eldred, Mrs. Brunell, El Kara.
Second Race — Sylvia Talbot, High Chancel
lor. Adirondack.
Third Race — Pat Morrlssey, Mission, Nellie
Forest.
| Fourth Race — Colonial Girl, Lady Sterling,
Dorene. '
Fifth Race — Diderot, Constable, Commis
sioner Forster.
Sixth Race — Formero, Joe Rlpley, Silver
Fizz.
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles, selling;
*? d . Ti^IMderot . . . . - .107
AcSSltabli'.... 86I32M Com. Forster.. 95
3254 Korford lO 91
Sixth Kace— Mile and fifty yards, selling;
SSSSiS and ..uT^ Fizz ..!«)
v»\fi Bab ...... 97j (3250) Joe Rlpley ...114
32*13 S?at« ...... Ul1 3250 Formero 104
Rr-artv ft niece of Providence, H. I., $1000;
S^I-S^F&TV^^
ffi. eW S^ r of COB Ha W rry' f eK. W
!r : X K^n^pS'orOaKla^. '«%
Mre ' Hatti/Perie of Oakland, $1000; to Rhoda
iiiill
fo d oSo ard to 1 Tay&r. &
Y^>000- to Miss Julia Hyde of- San. Fran
mmmmm
Mmmmm
N The will was executed in June.-1901. and
!?tence^)f a contest of the will of- the. late
Dr Corawcl P instituted by his twa nieces,;
Mrs May Sammi- and Mrs Florence
Mm*, the hearing of which Is to ?come > up
in Judee Troutt's court Monday. It is
8 '' SSKZaSK "2
lg •:;.::.112 Cg« Lady Sterllng.m
Fields; Jritrease at Sari
Mateo With the Return
> of Francis J. Carolan
"LEWIS" HOPES
TO SAVE COIN
out
yyT his* intention of enforcing, the
(L'-vj "cubic air"/ ordinance, caused the
-^•^ arrest of 153 lodgers and two pro
. ..."prietors of cheap lodging houses
early 'ye'sterdav morning. The arrests
were made by^ Policemen Cooney, Nolt
ing, Cassidy and . Clancy and the patrol
wagons were kept busy for a time con
veying the prisoners to the City Prison.
Peter Dolan's lodging-house at 675 How
ard street was first raided and Dolan and
forty-one lodgers were arrested. The
lodging-house x is in the basement and
Dolan's charges are 5 cents for a bunk
¦under'the sidewalk and 10. cents for a\cot
in the center of the cellar. Fifteen men
were found sleeping in bunks in a space
thirty- two by. sixteen feet. In Frank
Ziegler;s lodging-house, 184 Jessie street,
sixty lodgers and Ziegler.were arrested.
This is a 10-cent lodging-house and in a
room twelve by twelve feet ten men were
found sleeping. The third place visited
was William T. Wert's lodging-house at
34 Minna street, where fifty-two sleepers
were arrested. "Wert had evidently been
made aware of .the intended visit of the
officers, as he could not be found. There
i3 a' warrant out. for his arrest. In a
room'eight and a half by nine and three
quarters feet four men were sleeping.
The cases were divided among the four
The "cubic air" ordinance provides that
each occupant of a sleeping room must
have 500 cubic feet of air. - A violation of
the ordinance in the case of proprietors
of lo'dging houses is punishable by a fine
of not less than $50 and not more than
$500, and in the case of lodgers by a fine
of not less than $10 and not more than $50
Chief Wittman says that these packed
lodging-houses breed disease and for the
health of the community the ordinance
must be enforced. The lodgers say that
they get the- tickets for a bed from ben
evolent societies and they have no other
place to go.
Police Judges and Judges Conlan, Fritz
and Mogan agreed to hold court in the
prison so as not to cause . the. waste of
time and annoyance of having such a
large crowd brought into their court
rooms. The men were ranged in batches
before each Judge and they all declared
that they did not know what they had
been arrested for. The law was ex
plained to them, and they were notified
that although technically guilty of a vio
lation of the ordinance the real fault lay
with the proprietors,, who should have
made themselves acquainted with the
law. The prisoners were all dismissed,
Judge Mogan remarking that it was a
case 'of poverty being a crime. The cases
of. the two proprietors, Dolan and Zlegler,
were continued. Judge Cabaniss'had his
batch brought Into his courtroom to be
discharged. ¦-
LEAVES ESTATEE
TO RELATIVES
Track Notes.
The California Oaks, valued at $2500, is
the feature of the sport at Oakland this
a^fctrnocn. A smart bunch of fillies will
face the barrier and as the race bears an.
open look a pretty contest may be looked
for.
Following are the entries:
First Race — Five furlongs. selling; four
year-olds and upward:
<."234)Maeter Lee ..108:3202 Ramona 102
SOTS Sin Brunell.. 102 31S0 Woeful 104
S215 Eldred 102 25S6 El Kara 104
SI «7 Heraldo 10« I 3229 Ravino 104
«2<S)The GaJflr ..104! 3215 Modder 104
S1S6 Ural 104 1 Atelog 108
Second Race — Four furlongs, purse; two
year-olds :
2241 Adirondack ..115;C199)Sylvia Talbot.115
ST.Y.i Prestolus Ill U324DH. Chancellor.llS
C247 Mi Reina 10*.
Third Race — Seven furlongs, selling; three
vrar-o'ids and upward:
2<^2 Geo Dewey...l011 3259 Parsifal 101
S195 Cromwell 107 3264 Ingo 92
S1414 Rarp 9S "2.'>5 Mission 104
r"><:2 Vilgar 1<>7 (3239) Young Morellol04
3228 J^rxieetzT 101 :>259 Nellie Forest. »6
Z2±i Ida. Chief II. OS :12£4 Pat Morrlasey. 1O7
Fourth Race — One and an eighth miles, tha
HUNTING MEN
IN THE SADDLE
Alcedo, -. the;- Suburban winner, of :.last
year, has 125 pounds in each- race; Acl
vance,' Guard is. in with 117 . pounds •¦ and
-, • -. '•: . , ;¦¦ - ' ; ¦ Brook- Suburb
;"'HORSB.^;,:' ~-lyn.'., ban..,.
Banastar .........'...•'......... 127- ,127.
Watercolor ......¦.......'........ ;' .•,".;: i. 127
Alcedof.:v:-..'i... "..:..:.•....'... ; J25' .vl25 ; ;",
Goid;Heels .:..... .1;... ;...... jl24 -. -124-:
Bluee ... .'. • . • .-'.;.... . .-. . . S 124 •. ' 124 '...
Ballyhoo Bey .....'.. ::. "..-;¦... ... £v.7:i " ; 123
Bonnibert *123 '.
McMeekln ....... •..;.......;-,....•. '121
Herbert.. ...'...;.... 121, -121.-
Garry Herrman "......... --120. 121
Harnando : 120 ' 120 -
Ten Candles '¦ 119' 119 :.
Roehampton ....:.;.:; 118 . 117 ?
Advance Guard •¦.117 ¦ 117.
Silverdale •*.... .115
Dublin ..:.......; .;.•• 114
Dr. -Barlow ......./ ••¦••.¦ '113 113
Lady Schorr ......./.., 113; 113
Caviar . ...:.'.:... 112,^^^ '..'.'
Irritable .;.......... 112..
Autolight ........ .:/.".;.-.'. .V.V. . 112 . tll2 ;
His Eminence : Ill 110
Watercure .......:.......: ' 110 .111^
Black Fox ........;. ,109: 109 '
Elkhorn 109" : 109
Brigadier 109 . 108 •
Six Shooter ¦.:-..... ,.108
BaronPepper' ........; 107 -107
Heno ...
Argregor :......'. 107 106 -
Endurance by Right ; 10G : 2£.f
Hindus.. V.: 106 ; 100-
Mischievous .. 106; 106
Alard Scheck .....'. ... : . « 100 '105
The "Rhymer . ' 106 . 105
Gulden 105 ....
Kamara 105 .: -104
Blue Girl : ...
Carbuncle ......:... 104 ' - 103
Royal Flush 104:- v ..;' "
Toddy '..... :...-.. ;iO3:, :. 103^
The Regent 103.- -...:
Trigger .........;-.. 103 f • 102 :
Withers ;.....' 103- ' 103--.
Relna :..: : 102 ; ; :1O2::.
Flying Torpedo ................ " - 102 . j 102 r
Gold Seeker .Y. 101 '100
Pentecost-.... 100 - r 90:
Com Paul '...: 100 100'
Monograph .' .100. 100'
Lanceman- .¦ -100 . -.-100/.
Chilton 09 09
Sadie S OS - 93 1
Wealth 97 . 97:
Fly Wheel ;. 97- '97-
Dixleltne ,. /.:¦ 9"f
All Gold ' . 97 : .06
Arden ,.. ...... .i ,^,97*
Port Royal i 95 . 95-.
Contend '.95 .'¦•¦¦;¦¦ 95 '
Petra II > 92 .' ¦':.: ..
Keynote ..i - 92 .' : ,02 -
Slipthrif t :.....:..: " 02
Ethics ....•...:..."..• ,,92 :i...\
Northern Star. ..........'....;¦... 90- ','90
Flora Pomona .;............... .90,' :'¦;.-
Maximolo- .:..........:...."...¦. .88.' '90
Alsike ...:..... ....:.. SC ' ..
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Friday, Feb. .7.— Weather. 5 showery- /; Track \ sloppy.
32«3. FIRST RACE^-5^ furlongs; selling: ihaiden ; .three'-year-old ; mHe'B;-'to first,' $325.
' |- . .¦ - - • -••-.' | '.-¦ -•-.•- . ¦ . : •..-¦'. ... -• . j. ¦• >¦;-.;-.. ¦ . - t . ¦ Betting.
Index Horse and "Weight. St. Vi. .%. Str." ; Flit^ "VOVmef and Jockey. 'Op. Cl.
8179 Jungfrau ..110 4 -2 2 In 2 2 t 1 2-"* B. Schreiber... '.O'Connor ~ 3-5 ¦ 3-5
3179 Tibs ......110 3 -3 2 3 10 ' 3 10 2 b\ McDonald&Dunlap..Brns 5-2 16-5
S253 Knocking* -.•.... .-115 1- 1 1- - 23 - 1-n 3 12 C." Earl' &< Co: .E. Jones £ 8 30
Eva N -.110 2 4 4 4 : 4 , v.y S- ; J. Johes...W. Duggan 40 ; 100
S246 Annie Max. ......110 Left , «... •.:..>»?.- '.".t^ 1 P^Snerlflan ;¦...;. J.. Daly •- 5 7
...^ Lunga ;.113 Left - ... :;.;' 1 : ... : E. G. McConnell..McCrth 30 200
Time— \i. :26; %, :53H;' 5%f. 1^1214. Bad start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner. B. Schreiber"s b. f. by Foul Shot-Derfargllla. Winner outclassed others. Knock
ings tired last hundred yards.- . . ¦ . ' '. ¦ ¦ ¦_ _ -_ ¦_¦ _
32O4. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; ."three- year-olda; to first, $325. " ; ¦ ..
I I ¦¦ . ; •¦ . : : i ¦ - •-¦. " Betting. ..-
IndexjHorse and Weight. St. %: %. Str. ¦: Fin. Owner and Jockey. : Op. Cl. -,
3211 j Prestano . v . ...119 3 8 1 : 1 n 13 16 J. Conway:....J. Woods 6-5 1
;t24» (Senator Bruce. ...122 4 13 2*4 2%2% J.-.L. Clayton. ..E.". Jones 20 40
132'i'ti) Tyranus 119 2 42 3 1 3 lU 3 2 Summers & Co. .0"Connr 2 3-':
3253 Montoya ..115 12 2 6 2 4 2 4 3 S. McNaughton. ...Burns 4 7
o'2iH5 Breton 116 6 6%5%5151 Chinn & - Forsyth..Conly 10 25 -
3250 Lento ...122 87 5 73.62 62 Nell & Blazer... Ransch 80 200
3222 Ingo ...122 5 6 2 4 1 '7 4 ;75 A. J. Ross. ... . . .Troxler "10 20
Lemuel 122 7 8 8 -.8 '8 W. Ketcheman.. Jackson 5 8 •
Time — Vt, :24%; - ¥t. :49Vi; %. 1:03%. , Good start. 'Won easily. Second and third, driv
ing. Winner, 3, Conway*s ch< g.'by Prestonpans- Katie Fletcher. Prestano a handy per-.,
former in mud. So is Senator Bruce at times.'. Tyranus better on a dry. track. Montoya ,
ran out on far turn. Ingo couldn't handle the weight. Lemuel in a jam: just after the
start. : ; .. I ¦¦- -' : - .•..¦¦;•;•¦.. - - : : | .-;. . : ' : ¦;¦-¦¦.• ¦ . '.
3SO5. THIRD RACE— Mile and 50" yards; selling; and up; to first, $325.
1 . . -. ' | :-•-.:¦ . - -,.:,...; ,'\ :'-¦-. .. : ~ ~ Betting.
Index [Horse. Age. Weight. St. ; %. %. Str. ' Flnu Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3251 The Gaffir. v 4.....10i ,2. #1 h 1.2 1-5 '. 1 3 - J. H." Simpson Hoar 15 60
3240 Vasallo. 3 03 5 5 3 1 '23 :¦ 2 10 Burns & Waterhs.. Jcksn 7-10 9-10
3232 Har. -Thatcher. B..1003 2 l%-2 1% 4 4 :3 5 W.Johnson.... See 13-5 3
K251 Courtier 4... 113 4 3 2 4 1-31 .48 • J.M. Crane... McCarthy 10 40
3220 Dk. of York II. a..lO9 1 4 1 ' 5 '"5 '5 I.- Morehousc.Blrkenrth 10' 12.
~245 Arigato, 3........ S8 Left -'.'.y..... '••• \V. G.: Matthews.. J. Daly 4 5
Time — Y*. '¦25^; v %. :51; 34. 1:18; mile, l:4e>&;- lm 50yds, 1:49%.. Badstart. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, J. H; Simpson's b. .g. by Uncas-Laetitia. Weight oft .
suited the winner. He was lucky at that, for rwith'an. equal-break Vasallo • would have
scored. Harry Thatcher is a delightfully consistent horse. Scratched — Wolhurst 116.
3266. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; 'selling; four-year-bids' and up; to first. $325.
. - • . 1 . r ••:'•¦-: Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. v%. Str. .Fin-. , .. Owner, and Jockey. Op. Cl. . •;¦.:
3207 Meehanus 6 ....116 5 4 2 ¦ 4 C v I'ln* 1 4 ICaesar Young... Jackson 1 1
"¦3236 Gusto 5 .... 114 2 24 22 2h 2 Vj P. Hawlsy T. Burns , 3 18-5
3232 Educate. 4 ...'...Ml 1 In-. In 4 0 .32 . W. E. Cotton Hoar. 10 20
3243 Decoy 5 ........111 3' 3 2 "31 3 h 4 10 George Miller. -O'Connor 4 12
S255 Isaline 5 ........104 4 5 12 5 15 5 15 5 15 Ic. Ltnd Blrkenruth 15 30
3129 Grafter, 4 ......103 6 '6 6 ~6 6 |L. A. Blasingame.Ransch 6 4 .
Time — \i :25; Vi, :50; %, 1:16%: Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner Caesar Young's ch g. by Golden Garter-Fedalma.. Meehanus, away poorly, much .
the best. Gusto outstayed Educate. Too much weight on Decoy. Grafter virtually left.
3267. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
' I T~ F [ ~~ ~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. V,. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
S191~ Phyllis 3 ...101 2 2 1 In 1 % 1 IK .A. J. Stemler Ransch -5 3 .
3249 Maraschino. 3 ...105 4 4 h 2 3 2 10 2 12 J. C. Humphrey. .Burns 1 .1
O2SS) Estornell 3 117 3j lh 3 5 3 2 3 Vi J. F. Schorr... J. Woods 7 20
31S4 Quiz II 4. :...... 131 ri 65 6 2 4 1 4 2 J. M. Crane. .McCarthy 50 50
T»°7 Rubino' 3 . ...105 9 52 41 54 55 Summers & Co..Birkrth 10 20 •
? imo =t Anthony 5... 113 1 3n 51 61 63 W. H. Ketcheman. Jcksn ,30. 50
319^ Marelio 3 103 8 71 75 78 7 10 D. F. Fountain.... Hoar ,\. 6 13-2 ...
••227 I Gold I Baron. 6....1isl 7 8 8 8 8 |h. L. Haskell Belli -' 25 100
T t me i/ .05. 14 -49%; % 1:16%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. "¦
Winner X" J Stemler & Co.'s ch. f. by Goldfinch-Philista, Maraschino has bad- knees :
and Phvliis outstayed him. Too much weight on Esternell. Away better. Quiz would have'
been third. Marello off poorly; ridden wide and had no chance. Scratched — Ravlno 120.
32CS. SIXTH JFtACE Six and a, half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
; I j ~~ ...-.-... ...v- ...» -.---¦ V
Index Horee. Age, Weight. St. %. K. Str. Fin. " Owner and J?ckey. M Op. Cl.
Ledi 6 107 6 54 52 2^11 G. W. Scott... Winslette 5 9-2 •
¦^1 Monda 6 ...109 5 41 3 K 41 21 W. P. Fine ...... Ransch . 12 20.,
"4 riamndo 6 107 1 13 11 lh 3h K: M. Borchert . . J. JDaly :. ¦- 6; ,iS^
¦-?«ofl Fnul PlaV 5 107 4 2%2h 3h'42 Nichols' & Bowley. Jcksn 4 - 7'
'•^10 \nril shot.' 5' ...109 2 31 46 54 54 McDonald & Dunlap.^See 10 - ' 7.
Wlllam F 5 13 7 7 7 61 61 John Kane........ -.Prior ; 10 -30-
Si So" Palmer 4* 106 3 6 2 C 3 7 7 T. E; McLaughlln..Hoar . 4 - . li,^
3190 Flamero il. ..... 109 * ••• P. Cameron .. Blrkenruth 8-5 6-5 .
_._„ ,./ .04. 14 -50- %. 1:14%: 6i4f. 1:24%. Bad start.- Won first three driving. Win
¦ riV""/-- w" e'eott's b m. by Inverness-Bonlta Winner was'almost left, and then won be- -:
cause her "rider hugged the rail, saving a world of ground. Clarando quit. Foul Play g
ti^ed thllast sixteenth. Fine Shot can do better. Scratched— Tlng-a-Ling 107, Scallywag
\ 06. Edinborough 112, Mountain Dew 107. 'Left. '¦
man began by leaving two horses i
at the pest in the opening event at Oak-'
land yesterday and could not seem- to get
settied clown to business again. However,
his work is uniformly good and a mistake
now and then is excusable. The card wa*
not an attractive one, b\it as it looked as
jf some fireworks might be exploded . the
usual crowd crossed the bay. The un
lookcd for happened In the third event.
when The Gulfir, with Johnny Hoar up.
\\c:;t out and led from start to finish at
ceds of CO to 1. Favorites succeeded in
homing their own, capturing three of the
fc:x numbers decided. Needless to say the
track, was in a sloppy condition.
iioltman made a ragged start in the
opening sprint, leaving Annie Max ana
Juunga at tne post. Jungfrau, the Schreio
ir entry and a 3 to 5 favorite, collared
Knockings in the &tretch and won with
comparative ease. In a drive Tommy
iiurns brought Tibs up, beating Knocn.
n;ss for the clace. . .
i-ollowmg this came the easy win or
Prestano, favorite for the live furlong
scramble! Senator Bruce, a Co to 1 shot,
with ilddie Jones in the saddle, made the
tunning to the stretch, but failed to keep
up the clip. The Iirst choice tiioppms
a;org scored witn Woods taking mm up.
JMontova showed a high turn of speed, but
tried to run out, losing third place to
From the ground made up by Vasallp.
favorite for the mile and lifty yard run,
it s^rmed he would have won with an
even break. The Burns & Waterhouse
three-year-old closed a 8 to 10 favorite,,
with Jackson up, but could not overhaul
The Gaffir, which horse won by three
lengths, with speed to spare. Arigato, the
third choice, was left altogether.
Fortunately Caesar Young's sprinter,
Meehanus, came to the rescue of the
short-price players by taking the first six
furlong run with even money the ruling
price. Away none too well he gradually
overtook Educate and Gusto, downing the
latter four open lengths at the wire.
Grafter had no chance, getting away ,from
the barrier badly. . .. . •
Johnny Humphreys' three-year-old.
Maraschino, an even money choice, made
a game bid for the six furlong selling
affair next decided, but could not land.
Phyllis, a 5 to 1 chance played to 3. had
the footing over the favorite, winning
ridden out by nearly two lengths. Quiz II
lost the show to Kstemell by a narrow
margin.
The capture of the concluding six and a
half furlong run by Ben Ledi bordered on
the sensational. Flamero. the favorite,
refused to break and was left. Winslette
got away eo poorly with Ben Ledi that
the mare's chances seemed remote. Down
the stretch the issue looked to lie between
Clarando, Foul Play and Monda, all three
being out In the middle of the track. All
this time Winslette on Ben Ledi had been
hugging the rail, saving an acre of
ground, and crawling up slowiy. beat
Monda out a length. The winner came in
for heavy support at odds of 5 to L
JUST as some of the stars of the
diamond have an off day at the
bat starters once in a while lose
their weather eye also. Jake Holt-
Ridden by Johnny Hoar the Long Shot Leads From Start to Finish in the
Third Event— Jake Holtman Has an Off-Day at the Barrier— Favorites
Win Three Races-Ben Ledi: Drifts rift First Afte^Beihg Aliriost1.eft
THE GAFFIR, A 60 TO 1 OUTSIDER,
DOES A CLEVER STU NT AT OAKLAND
HANDICAPS OUT
FOR SUBURBAN
Banastar -and ;;' : Watercqlor
Are^ Allotted Top/ Weight
in the~Big: Annual "Stake
W. S. Vosburg,'-. official .-handicapper..! of
'the jockey club, 'has announced his allot
ment of weights'; In the. Brooklyn arid- the
Suburban- handicaps.. 1 ;• Both -.races", arc 1 - at
a mile and: a quarter, -the^former being
run at Graveserid V and : ?i: the . - latter g at
Sheepshead Bay in ; midsummer. ' .•"1j££S
Clarence H. Mackay's \ Banastar, :' which
won the Brooklyn ¦> handicap of three
years ago, .has been : assigned top^weight
in both races. In. the Suburban he shares
the honor with' James B. Haggin's \black
horse Watercolor, • by Watercress; bred at
Rancho del Paso,: near- Sacramento. - - -
EIGHT SMART FILLIES WILL FACE THE STARTING GATE FOR THE CALIFORNIA OAKS
THE SAN FBA^CISCO- CALL,; SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1902.
Raids Are Made on Three Cheap- Lodging Houses
and One Hundred and Fifty-three Violators
of % the Law Are Landed in the Gity Prison
POLICE CONTINUE TO ENFORCE
THE "CUBIC AIR" ORDINANCE
THE CALL'S "^MeiMllflE^SiAlT.
9
POSTUM CE3EAL.
COFFEE EYES.
It Attacks Many Persons There.
To illustrate how coffee can affect the
eyes the words cf a lady In Woodland, la.,
are quoted:
"I v.at. brought up to believe that- tea
was injurious, but was allowed to drink
coffee from childhood. Ever since I can
remember I have been subject to severe
attacks of headache, otherwise my health
was pretty good until a short time ago
my eyes became affected; they ached and
pained me continually and were often
badly inflamed. I also had queer, dizzy
feelings in my head almost continually.
"One time we were obliged to do without
milk or cream, for a few weeks, and not
relishing my coffee clear I left off Its use.
In a short time I was surprised to find
my eyes greatly improved, and I felt bet T
ter in every way, still I did not mistrust
the coffee and began its use as soon as we
got the cream again. V» r lthin a few days
iry eyes were worse than ever. Then I
resolved to quit coffee absolutely and take
up Postum. This I did and my eyes
quickly recovered.
"My experience shows that while coffee
caused headache and eye trouble Postum
Food Coffee does not produce any bad ef-
fects whatever and is greatly strengthen-
ing: and nourishing." Name "given by
Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich. '
I Hunter I
I Baltimore I
l Rye I
I Has Taken I
I The Lead I
I And Holds It |
S CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO.. «
O Inc., 223-225 California St., San g
O ¦ Francisco, Cal. *£
Oj Telephone Main S73, «
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat
{MUSEUM OF ANATGHY
A O) 1551 HASH? :T.l9 4 ..6±47ti,S.r.Ci!.
\ QT I-*' V Anatomical Museum in tha
A "-J- World. Weaknesses or any contracted
» 2£|w *««e *»»i«l»«.ly e«rea hy the oldest
© iSs I fcpe" 11 '" 011 til5 Coast. Est. 36 years.
? ifRzl DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ f £Sot3 Consultation free »nd strictly prmte.
a I xSttt H Treatment personally or by litter. A
¥ a flr «5tn f»*iti** Cur* in erery case undertaken.
Afnlf \ m Write for Book. FBI L«4Or BY of
V ¦ (I ™ HAHB2ACE. MAILED PUBS. (A.
\ A j . valuable book fox mrn)
f DR. 1OBDAN A CO.. 1051 .Varfcpt Sfc.S. F.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. l^ViaORA-
tor and Nervine. .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both aexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha Kid*
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
*» CHICHEVTER'S ENGLISH
pEBHVRQYAl PILLS
|r-'T>'7t>,r\8A7E. Aiw»»irei!»bi». Ladltp^ufeDrantst
Ah V^Jl tor CHICHESTEK'S ENOLtJU
»V*-^iASv la REO ind Gold motaJSa Doxm. tealtd
1T\ f^VTJvtthUM ribbon. Take r.a other. KeAia*
*P1 V^ «Vj naiccrani »nb«tltMti»«« ud Inlto.
I / 7~ '¦ flT •*•¦•• Bu/ ef your Dmireljrt. or *pna 4c. in
I >»' "A —**P* «"• P«rtlo»tM^. Teatlaamdato
«A. '/ tars Mail. l«,0OO Te*«tmooialt. SfUto
Kati«Cdir»9«. . ilidboi. ituni Ffllla, f£STEAMSHIP CHINA AND
OTHERS TEMPORARILY DE
LAYED BY BREAKING BAR.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (MUslon-street - wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort. Point;
the. height of. tide Is the same at both places.
¦Waters at Fort Point, entrance • to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . ¦.
United States Coast and Geodetic ¦ Surrey —
Times and Heights - of High and Low
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the. tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column ana the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth tirn« column gives tha last, tide of'.ths
aay, except when there are but three tides, as
bometlmts occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey ChartB, except when a minus ( — ;
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by trio
ch&rts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low Tvaters. ¦
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 8.
Sun rises ." 7:07
Sun sets : 5:41'
Moon sets (new) .0:00 p. m.
Off the Port Four Days.
The British ship Dunstaffnage, . which
arrived yesterday morning. 149 days from
Shields, England, has been off the port
for the past four days awaiting th* fa
vorable slant of wind which yesterdav
brought her to the end of her voyage.
Owing Jo the delay In the arrival of the
British-Australian mails the sailing, of the
Oceanic Company's steamship Sierra has
been postponed until Sunday morning at
10 o'clock. The Sierra will carry a very
large cargo, which includes about 1800
tons of barley. .
Sierra Will Sail Sunday.
Californian on Her Way.
The Californian. the new steamship for
the American-Hawaiian line, sailed yes
terday frcm St. Luclen for this port.
The towboat Relief went to sea yester
day in search of the disabled collier re
ported by the City of Puebla. The col
lier, supposed to be the Austrian steam
ship Marie, was being towed toward this
port by a steam schooner, probably the
laqua. In the severe weather now sweep
ing the coast it Is thought that the laqua
will have her hands full looking out for
A dispatch was received last night from
Victoria saying that the steamer Mineola
which arrived from Port Los Angeles yes
terday morning, reports that the Austrian
steamer Maria, en route from San Diego
to Nanaimo. broke her shaft when oft
Kianco and was being towed back to San
rranclsco by a steam schooner.
Relief After Disabled Collier.
Captain Kilman has taken charge of
the bark Harvester; Captain Peterson is
In command of the schooner Abbie- Cap
tain Kalb of the schooner W. J. Patter
eon and Captain Samuelson of the
schooner Ivy.
Changes of -Captains.
TO SAIL
• FROM SEATTLE. ' . ¦-
To Philippine Islands — 1500 cs canned pal
roon, j01 cs assorted canned goods feloo lbs
lard .% bxs frefch fruit. 16.250 lbs codflsh, 3U8S
lbs dried fruit. U60 lbs raisins, C9 cs spices,
3-i pkgs groceries and provisions, 21 cs tshoe*
750 cfks bottled beer. 89 cs soap, 8041 lbs ham]
61 pkgs machinery, 12 pkgs furniture, 14 pkgs
hardware.
To East Indies — 601 cs canned salmon 255 cs
•verted canned good*. 12 pkge machinery.
To Korea— JOO cs and 4j bbls bottled beer,
38 cs earned goods, 150 lbs butter, 18 bblt.
flour, 32 i-kgs groceries and provisions, « pkgs
hardware.
To China— 11.045 bbls flour, 3200 lbs abalone
meat, 200 gals brandy, 75 cs bottled beer. 1337
lbs and r> cs-- choese, l!50 lbs and 5 cs codfish.
880 lbs beans, 219 cs assorted canned goods,
2350 lbs coffee. 1504 bales cotton domestics,
4786 lbs dried fruit, SO pkgs electrical goods,
131C pkgs groceries and a5i:9 lbs
ginseng, KV;J4 lbs ham and bacon, 1721 pigs
leaa, 13 pkgs machinery. TOO lbs meal, 25oij
lbs pearl barley. 14 crs onions, H pkgs rub
ber goods. <jKO cs canned salmon, 101» cais and
20 cs \v:ne, lo cs whisky.
To Japan — 275 crs bicyttes and sundries, 2^20
Ibe butter, ISiu casks bottled beer, tiO car wheeis
ISC'J bales cotton. 14U pkgs groceries and pro
vlB;ons. 29 bxs fresh fruits. 8 cs electrical
fTO-.dE 9 pkgs machinery. 30 kegs nail?, 2(I.OUO
Joe nitrate of soda. 17 pkgs rubber goods,
ll-.OuO lbs soda ash, lou bdls shingles, loo OOO
lbs salt. :}<)<*) lbs sugar, C5 auls oak extract
12^0 gals wine.
The steamer China sailed yesterday for China
*ad Japm with a general cargo destined for
vmrious Oriental ports, valued at $246,232.
manifested and destined as follows: For
China, ?145,DGS; Japan, $74,259; Philippine
iBlands, ?19,955; East Indies, S4990; Korea,
$HC(). The following were the principal Ehij>
nier.tE:
Merchandise for the Orient.
. VALPARAISO^-Arrlved . Feb 7— Schr Com
merce, from Port.Hadlock.
ANTWERP— Sailed Feb 5 — Br ; bark • Mar
guerite .Miraband, for San Francisco. *¦•
FOREIGN; PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS ' BAY— Arrived Feb 6-rStmr Empire,
hence l'"eb 4. .. -•.-.: ...
PORT TOWNSEND-^Sailed inward Feb 7—
Schr Aloha, from Honolulu; schr J ¦M'CoIman,
hence Jan 24/ for ! Port Gamble.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed. Feb 6,. at noon—
Stmr Scauola. . for San Francisco. ¦
Arrived Feb 7 — Schr : Chas R Wilson, hence
Jan ;tl: stmr Newbursr; - hence Feb • 4; -.:-:.
TACOMA — Sailed Feb 7 — Bark Gatherer, for
San . Francisco;. shlD Eclipse,' for San Fran--
Cisco. . ¦ : '¦¦.¦ ¦ • >,t • . • ¦ : ¦¦'.¦_''
Arrived Feb 7— Br ship Glenaf ton, from Cal
lao. : ¦¦ ¦.'¦-." ;¦.., . ¦ . . :.¦ .¦... '¦ • - v
Arrived Feb 7— Schr W F Witzeman, from
Hilo. ¦ : ¦ . ' , ¦ . . . .
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Feb 7— Schr Challen
ger, from New "WhatcomMJ S stmr Bear, from
cruise. ¦ ¦ . ¦ •¦ ¦ i'- •¦¦ .'¦•-.¦ ;¦ c
Sailed Feb 7— US Btmr Bear,' for cruise. :
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Feb 7— Stmr
Aztec, : for Nanalmo.'.. II • ¦'. •• '• " . :' ¦'
. ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 7— Stmrs Chas Nelson
and Columbia, for San Francisco.
PORT BUKELET- Arrived Feb 7— Schr O
W. "Watson, from Honolulu. • '
Sailed Feb 7— Schr Muriel, for Noumea.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 7 — Schr
Aloha, from Honolulu; schr Ida- Schnauer,
hence Jan. 20. . ¦¦•'• .> •- •¦• ' •
SEATTLE^ — Arrived Fob - 7— Stmr John • S
Kimball, .hence Feb > 3; stmr Rainier, hence
Feb 3.- ¦
Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Bertha, for Valdez.
¦ ¦POINT .LOBOS. Feb 7, 10 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind SE. velocity 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Friday, February 7.
" Stmr China, Friele, Honolulu, Yokohama and
Hongkons. ... . :' '_; ;
-Stmr coos Bay. Gielow, San Pedro. : .
Stmr Curarao, Pauisen, Guaymaa.
Stmr' Coronado, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Geo AV Elder, Randall, Portland and
Astoria. ' . . , •' . '
Stmr Newsboy, Joliannsen, ' Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Giosy, Leland, Santa Cruz..
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. Coos • Bay. • :
¦ Tug Relief, Silovlch, cruise in search of dis
abled • steamer' in tow of steam schooner,
bound to San Francisco. '- ¦ :
. ' . ¦' MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA, Feb 1 — Arrived, stmr Mineola.
from Port .Los Angeles, and reports Aus stmr
Maria, from- San Diego for Nanaimo, had
broken shaft off Cawe Blanco ! and was being
towed to San Francisco by steam schooner. , .
Friday, February 7.
Stmr North Fork.Fosen, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co. . " ¦ .. .
Stmr Curacao, Paulson, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkln3 & Co. ' ¦ • ,
Stmr China, Friele, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; Pacific Mail SS Co.
Stmr- Leelanaw, Monroe, Panama; Panama
R R & SS Co. ¦ -
Fr bark Francolse d'Amboise, I Lemelllieur,
Quca.skwn; Eppinser & Co.. ••• '¦ ~.
Bktn W H Dimond. Har.stn, Honolulu; J D
Sprtckels & , Bros Co. ; ,
CLEARED.
Friday, February 7.,
Stmr AcaDulco, Russell, 24 days 2 hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan 6 days 2 hours.
Stmr Newsboy, Johnson, 40 hours trom Hu
eneinc. ¦ • • ¦ . .
Stmr ¦ Celia. 'Adler, 10 hours from Rules
Lanoins. - -
Br ship Dunstaftnage, Forbes, 194 days from
Hull, via South Shields 154 days.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
February %, 1002. . . ' : "
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich mean time. ¦ j
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy. In charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
Time Ball.
A heavy southeaster was blowing yes
terday outside the heads and for the first
time in many days both banks of the bar
were breaking fiercely. So heavy was
the weather that not only were big ships
detained inside and other craft kept out
side, but the stanch little pilot-boat
Oracle S was compelled to -run In for
shelter. The sailing vessels Maid of Or
leans, Paimerston, King A"lfred and In
vercoe were unable to put to sea, and
even the Gypsy, which is supposed to be
storm proof, was compelled to turn back
and anchor beside the China and the Lee
lanaw. The steamships George W Elder
Curacao and Northfork fougnt their way
across, but only after a hard battle.
Bough "Weather on the Bar.
Pilot Fred Jordan and Captain Monroe
of the steamship Leelanaw were capsized
near Broadway dock yesterday while try
ing to regulate the course of a young
horse along East street. They were navi
gating from the hurricane deck of a gro
cery wagon. They were bound for Meiggs
wharf, where a boat was waiting to take
them aboard the Leelanaw. Captain Mon
roe held the lines.
"Look out for that rock," said the small
boy, who should have been driving.
"Starboard a little, captain," said "lit
tle" Jordan.
"That's no rock; it's mud," replied Mon
roe, holding on his course.
It was a rock. ...
The wagon stopped, the shafts carried
away ana the horse contined the journey
alone. Monroe was dragged several feet
but escaped with a mud bath. Jordan
was thrown to the ground with consider
able violence and sustained a nasty
wound on his cheekbone.
"It was a rock all right," said Jordan as
he left the Harbor Receiving Hospital.
Pilot Jordan Capsized.
John Peels, H. B. Allen, J. Hitchcock. L.
Sullivan. C. W. Wallace, C. H. Dunn, EmiJ
Seidell, James Hansen. H. A. Stewart, W. A.
Van Voorhies. John Graham. -C. W. F. Windell
Charles Kgan and wife, W. H. Fitzgerald P
Lloyd, W. C. Hodge, George H. Noll, W. W.
Benson.
Leelanaw Sails for Panama.
The Panama Railroad steamship Lee
lanaw sailed yesterday for the isthmus.
She left her wharf on schedule time, but,
like the China, was compelled to'anchor
inside the heads and await a favorable
opportunity to cross the breaking bar.
She carried passengers as follows:
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 7.— Charles Myrtle
and Frank Case, two of the highwaymen
who pleaded guilty to having robbed
Major E. F. Klocke and Attorney E. F.
Powers on the night of January 18, were
to-day sentenced to life imprisonment in
Folsom by Judge Smith.
Footpads Get Life Terms.
No cause is assigned for the deed, ex
cept that both parties are said to have
had a quarrel over some trifling affair last
night.
The murderer fired five shots into his
victim's head at short range and then one
shot into his own. Beneath his body was
found a new razor, around the handle of
which was wound a piece of light rope,
it probably having, been his intention to
complete the work of murder and sui
cide with it in the event the revolver
failed.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., February 7.-~
One of the most desperate tragedies ever
enacted in this city occurred this after
noon. Frank Fennell, a hostler in the em
ploy of Dr. F. J. Adams, one of Great
Falls' prominent 'citizens, shot and killed
Annie Johnson, a domestic, and then sent
a bullet into his own brain, from the ef
fect of which he died a short time after
at the Columbus Hospital. The tragedy
took place on the back porch of Dr. Ad
ams' residence.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Balmoral Is chartered for
••¦heat to Europe at 2Se 3d, if to a direct port
27s 6d.
The Fhip Helen Brewer is chartered prior to
arrival to lead sugar at Honolulu for Delaware
Bi ait-xater for orders, ?6 75; option of Phila
4t .,111a Ooc more.
\. he schooner Winslow" -will load lumber at
Blskeley for Eten. .Peru, 57s 6d; chartered
j»ri>T to arrival.
'1 he barkenttne Jas. Johnson loads lumber at
Cirmainus for Sydney. 40s; the schooner O.
M. Kellogg, lumber at Bollard for Hilo; the
eefcooner Aloha, lumber at Gamble for Hono
lulu chartered prior to arrival; the barkentine
Archer, merchandise at this pert for Honolulu
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
In view of the fact, however, that this
was the first case where the commanding
general had directed the execution of
the sentence of death against an enlistea
man without reference to the War De
partment, the case was laid before Presi
dent Roosevelt in time to prevent the ex
ecution in case he desired to do so. Tn>>
President, after consultation with the
Secretary of War. declined to interfere
and a cable message to this effect was
cent to General Chaffee Wednesday. Al
though no official information to that ef
lect has been received, it is assumed at
the War Department that the sentence
cf death in each case was carried into
effect to-dav. .
While their troop was operating against
the insurgents in the province of Albay
in August last these two men deserted
ai:d were afterward discovered serv.ng in
the ranks of the enemy. The military
commission before which they were tried
sat at Guinobatan, in the province cf Al
bay. They were found guilty of the
chargre and each was sentenced to be
hanged Friday, February 7. The findingt.
and sentences were approved bv General
Chaffee.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— Two soldiers
¦were to-day hanged in the Philippines in
execution of sentences imposed by the
Military Commission, by which they were
tiied and convicted of deserting to the
enemy. Their names were Edmond A.
Dubose and Lewis Russell, and both
were attached to Company E of the Ninth
Cavalry, a negro regiment.
Hostler in a Montana
City Causes Double
Tragedy.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
For Honolulu — Miss I. Arrott, D. L.- Bliss
Jr.. P. Duffy. Mrs. H. D. Greene, Dr. F. H.
Humphreys and servant, Mrs F. H. Hum
phreys. '1 homas Knowles, J. W. Ondrowe, H.
L. Reilly. W. P. Thomas.
For Yokohama — Lieutenant F. Boughter,
Robert Christie, Mrs. Jules Dubois, Dr. C. W.
Galloupe. Miss M. Hamaguchi, Walter Helm,
Miss H. Ichlmura, Leonard Joseph, Rev. F. W*
Kennedy, v.-lfe and child; Miss Hilda Kennedy,
L. Kennedy, Lieutenant A. L. Key, Mrs. A.
L. Key, R. R. Le BoutUller. Mrs. , R.
Le Boutillier, Charles. Le Boutillier. H.
W. Le Boutillier, Rev. Henry Mottett, Mrs.
Henry Mottett, S. Odagaki, Mrs. S. Odagaki,
Lieutenant J. H. Roys, H. Ryrie, Miss R.
Scherff. J. Schmidt. D. E. Stone, J. H. Voll
mer, ' Commander ¦ A. Ward, Surgeon U. R.
¦\Vebb, Charles C. Williams, Rear Admiral F.
Wildes.
For Shanghai — E. P. Bryan Jr., Mrs. E. P.
Bryan Jr., W. E. Gray, Rev. E. J. Lee, Rev.
G. R. Davis. E. R. Lyman, Miss L. M. Rolle
ston.
For Hongkong — Mrs. Adam Bell, A. L. Bern
heimer. Mr3. C. Boettcher, Miss R. Boettcher,
Miss E. Carman, Mrs. A. Christesen, Miss A.
Christesen, L. P. Clawson, H. A. Geisendorfer,
Mrs. David Greene, Mies N. McMurtrie, J. H.
Pope, Mrs. J. H. Pope. A. D. Rogers, Mrs.
A. D. Rogers, Albert Simon, W. T. Skalfe A.
W. Thomson, Dr. O. S. Townsend, Mrs. L.
Tuzo, Miss H. L. Tuzo.
From Honolulu — H. F. Dutton, Mrs. H. F.
Dutton, Miss G. E. Dutton. .
ALTHOUGH the steamship China
left the Pacific Mail dock yes
terday on the tap of 1 o'clock, it
was after 5 when she crossed the
bar and got fairly started on her
voyage. The bar was breaking all morn
ing-, but the stormy weather outside tha
heads increased in violence as tue uay yoc
older. • The China poked her nose outside
the heads, got a whiff of the southeaster
and a glimpse- of the foaming bar and
came back and anchored off Meigg3
wharf until 4:15, when she resumed her
voyage. The China carried a large num
ber of passengers and a very heavy car
go. The last passenger on board was a
young man who arrived at the gangplank
out of breath and covered with perspira
tion. He had no ticket and no baggage.
He just had to get to Honolulu, he said,
and as he had the necessary money he
was allowed to pay his fare to the . pur
ser. As the big liner pulled away trom
the dock such .of the Chinese crew as
were not coiling"up lines turned loose a
fusllade of crackers in celebration of the
New Year festival they will have to cele
brate at sea. .
The cabin passengers were: -
American Soldiers Exe
cuted for Crime in
Philippines.
SUEZ— Arrived Feb 7— Br \ stmr Teenkai.
from Seattle. ¦ ' ."- .' .' . ,
MOJI— Sailed Feb 6— Br etmr Oosack, for
COQUIMBO— Arrived Feb 7— Schr Kona.
from ChemainuE.
ST LUCIA— Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Callfornian.
for San Francisco, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Sailed Feb 7 — Stmr Kensing
ton, for Antwerp.
GENOA— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Auruste Vtc
toria, from New York, via Funchal, etc, for
Constantinople, on Mediterranean cruise.
MOJI — Sailed 'Feb 5 — Stmr Oopack, from Se
attle, Manila and London. , -,
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Feb 1 — Stmr Georglc,
for New York. . . •
Grant to Sail at Noon.
The United States army transport Grant
will sail at noon to-day for Manila with
300 recruits, a number of civilian and mil
itary cabin-passengers and a heavy Cargo.
Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Noble, Sixteenth
Infantry, will be in command of the rook
ies. The transports Meade and Rosecrans
are expected next week, the former being
due any day., The Meade has on board
827 short term men, 108 sick and 13 insane
patients. The Rosecrans is bringing ' the
third battalion of the Twenty-second In.
fantry, 475. short term men and eight
officers.
The steamship Curacao sailed yester
day morning for Guaymas and way ports.
Among her passengers were James W.
Wilkins of the State Board. of Prison Di
rectors and former Tax Collector J.
Harry Scott, who was accompanied by
his wife and niece. Miss Alma Hink.
Wilkins is bound for Mazatlan. where
he has some mining interests.
Curacao Leaves for Mexico.
TAKES HIS LIFE
AFTER A MURDER
DESERTERS DIE
ON A GALLOWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SAT LFRt> AY, 8, 1902.
and Seeks Refuge at Sheltered Anchorage 'Until the Sea- -Settles
Down— Other Passenger Vessels and Sailing Craft Are Weatherbound
Big Liner Finds Both Banks Outside the Heads .: .Wash eld: ; .Wit h;' : 'Bpi Ij rig-^ W$yes
BREAKING BAR COMPELS STEAMSHIP
CHINA TO RETURN TO THE HARBOR
10
steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo Coqullle River .... |Feb. 8
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria.... IFeb. H
Prosreso Seattle |Feb. 8
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Ft b. 8
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma |Feb. a
Ban Ca Ana — Seattle & Tacoma IFeb 8
Phoenix Mendoclno City |Feb. S
Bonlta.. Newport & Way Ports. | Feb. a
Crescent City Crescent City JFeb. 9
Lakme Portland & Astoria |Feb. 0
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .. .iFeb. y
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul... . Feb. a
Sequoia Grays Hi irbor ; iFeb It
State of Cal.. San< Dief;o & Way Ports Feb" 9
Pomona Humboidt .............. iKeb U
S. Monica Humboldt .Feb' 0
Thyra China via San Diego.. )Feb! 10
Empire Coos Bay . . Feb. lu
Eureka Humboldt ' IFeb 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports Feb! 11
Alameda.... Honolulu ; .-. Feb. 11
Coos Bay — . San Pedro & Way Ports Fab' 12
Spokane San Miego & -Way Forts Feb" l'i
Pt. Arena i>oint Arena Feb" 13
North Fork . . Humboldt . . . . ; ' Feb' l'-{
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Feb." VJ
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb'l t
Kealandta Tahiti Feb 14
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.". .'.'. Feb 14
Nippon Maru China &- Japan Feb" 1R
Lu^or Hamburg & West Coast Feb" 15
«*!"•"; Rattle & - N . Whatcpm. Feb! JG
Cnehalis fcan Pedro » p P h ik
Umatllla Puge,t Sound Ports... .'.' Feb lfi
|°n°™a Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb' 17
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports:: Feb! 18
» Steamer.
Destination.
(Sails.! Pier.
a. Dollar. 1.
C. Kelson..
ICureka
Pt. Arena..
City Sydney
Sierra
Mandalay..
Spokane. .. .
Argo. —
Phoenix. . . ¦
Tucapet
City Puebla
Empire
Alliance .
Pomona.. .
Q. Llndan.
bania Ana
B. Monica..
Uonlta
February' 8. ' ¦ • ',
Grays Harbor ..... 6 pm Pier 2
L,os Angeles Ports, a am Pier . 2
Humboldt ... 0 am Pier la
Point Arena a pm Pier 2
Panama & Way V2 m PiiSS
1 February y.
Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am.Pler 7
Coquiile River ; 6 pmlPler •'
San Diego & Way., o amiPler 11
February 1O. ]
Coquille Kiver ....I 4 pmiPler- 2
City • 1 3 pm|PH. r 13
/alparalso & Way.|12 m|Pier lo
'uget Sound Ports.lll am Pier j
February 11. | J
loos Bay 112 m Pier 13
lortland & , Way. . [10 am|Pier 16
lUinDoldt ... --|l:3o pi^ier . v
J rays Harbor ..... | .- ..-. . . |PJer —
.attle & Tacoina.. 10 am|Pier 2
.-.....".. 10 am|Pler~ •£
Newport & Way... a amtPter li
February, la. --
Astoria & Portland. .".....[Pier 2
¦ian Diego & Way.. 0 amiPier 11
Astoria & Portland 11. am Pier "t
3rays Harbor . ... 12 . m Pier 2
Kebruary 14. .. , .
roos B. & Pt. Orf d 12 m Pier 13
February 15. j
ian Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
:hlna & Japan..... 1 pmlPMSS
lonolulu. .....:.... 2 pm Pier 7
.¦•uget Sound Ports. 11 amiPler 9
irayH Harbor...::. 5 pm|Pler ' -J.
Febrsary 1O. . • ¦ ¦
'umboldt ......... 0 am Pier 2
•' February 17. ¦ : - ;:..',¦
storia & Portland 11 am Pier 24
, 'lllapa Harbor .. 5 pm Pier 2
Lakrat.
State Cal..
Columbia. ..
Sequoia.. ".
Arcata... ..
Coos Bay...
Doric
Alameda
Queen
Chehalis...
N'orth Forl'
S. Elder. : .
Rival.. .. ,
jtfamtr.
For.
I Sails.
Dolphin.....'.
Nome City...
Cottage City.
Farallon... . .
12. Thompson
Skairway & Way Ports. Feb.: li
Valdez & Way, Ports.;. Feb. li
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 1
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb.. 1
O |TIme| |Time| |Timej • . |Time|
» Ft. Ft. I Ft. | Ft.
• Irf W| |L \V| ' [H W| - |L W| !
SI 0:00 4.71 4:B5| 2.«J|10:5S 5.2| 5:37| 0.1
« o:at> .4.8| 5:3U| 2.3|X1:« 6.1| 0:13| 0.1
to l':«i 4.» 0:U^ a.l|li:Jia -6.0 li:49i 0.7
LI 1:37 6.0 7:12 1.0 1:U« 4.7 7:3')[. 1.3
12 !4:0» 5.0 S:lo l.ti 2:1S '4.4 8:J2| 1.7
Ut 2:45 5.1 'J:W> 1.4 3:1'5 4.1| 9:00| 2.1
II 3:2» {i.l 10:17 l.'J 4:51 3.SJ a:53| 2.5
15 4:U0 5.2 11:31 0.0 6:2S 3.7 10:50 2.8
O |TIme| |Time| |Timej • . |Time|
» Ft. Ft. I Ft. | Ft.
• Irf W| |L \V| ' [H W| - |L W| !
SI 0:00 4.71 4:B5| 2.«J|10:5S 5.2| 5:37| 0.1
« o:at> .4.8| 5:3U| 2.3|X1:« 6.1| 0:13| 0.1
to l':«i 4.» 0:U^ a.l|li:Jia -6.0 li:49i 0.7
LI 1:37 6.0 7:12 1.0 1:U« 4.7 7:3')[. 1.3
12 !4:0» 5.0 S:lo l.ti 2:1S '4.4 8:J2| 1.7
Ut 2:45 5.1 'J:W> 1.4 3:1'5 4.1| 9:00| 2.1
II 3:2» {i.l 10:17 l.'J 4:51 3.SJ a:53| 2.5
15 4:U0 5.2 11:31 0.0 6:2S 3.7 10:50 2.8
steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo Coqullle River .... |Feb. 8
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria.... IFeb. H
Prosreso Seattle |Feb. 8
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Ft b. 8
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma |Feb. a
Ban Ca Ana — Seattle & Tacoma IFeb 8
Phoenix Mendoclno City |Feb. S
Bonlta.. Newport & Way Ports. | Feb. a
Crescent City Crescent City JFeb. 9
Lakme Portland & Astoria |Feb. 0
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .. .iFeb. y
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul... . Feb. a
Sequoia Grays Hi irbor ; iFeb It
State of Cal.. San< Dief;o & Way Ports Feb" 9
Pomona Humboidt .............. iKeb U
S. Monica Humboldt .Feb' 0
Thyra China via San Diego.. )Feb! 10
Empire Coos Bay . . Feb. lu
Eureka Humboldt ' IFeb 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports Feb! 11
Alameda.... Honolulu ; .-. Feb. 11
Coos Bay — . San Pedro & Way Ports Fab' 12
Spokane San Miego & -Way Forts Feb" l'i
Pt. Arena i>oint Arena Feb" 13
North Fork . . Humboldt . . . . ; ' Feb' l'-{
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Feb." VJ
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb'l t
Kealandta Tahiti Feb 14
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.". .'.'. Feb 14
Nippon Maru China &- Japan Feb" 1R
Lu^or Hamburg & West Coast Feb" 15
«*!"•"; Rattle & - N . Whatcpm. Feb! JG
Cnehalis fcan Pedro » p P h ik
Umatllla Puge,t Sound Ports... .'.' Feb lfi
|°n°™a Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb' 17
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports:: Feb! 18
» Steamer.
Destination.
(Sails.! Pier.
a. Dollar. 1.
C. Kelson..
ICureka
Pt. Arena..
City Sydney
Sierra
Mandalay..
Spokane. .. .
Argo. —
Phoenix. . . ¦
Tucapet
City Puebla
Empire
Alliance .
Pomona.. .
Q. Llndan.
bania Ana
B. Monica..
Uonlta
February' 8. ' ¦ • ',
Grays Harbor ..... 6 pm Pier 2
L,os Angeles Ports, a am Pier . 2
Humboldt ... 0 am Pier la
Point Arena a pm Pier 2
Panama & Way V2 m PiiSS
1 February y.
Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am.Pler 7
Coquiile River ; 6 pmlPler •'
San Diego & Way., o amiPler 11
February 1O. ]
Coquille Kiver ....I 4 pmiPler- 2
City • 1 3 pm|PH. r 13
/alparalso & Way.|12 m|Pier lo
'uget Sound Ports.lll am Pier j
February 11. | J
loos Bay 112 m Pier 13
lortland & , Way. . [10 am|Pier 16
lUinDoldt ... --|l:3o pi^ier . v
J rays Harbor ..... | .- ..-. . . |PJer —
.attle & Tacoina.. 10 am|Pier 2
.-.....".. 10 am|Pler~ •£
Newport & Way... a amtPter li
February, la. --
Astoria & Portland. .".....[Pier 2
¦ian Diego & Way.. 0 amiPier 11
Astoria & Portland 11. am Pier "t
3rays Harbor . ... 12 . m Pier 2
Kebruary 14. .. , .
roos B. & Pt. Orf d 12 m Pier 13
February 15. j
ian Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
:hlna & Japan..... 1 pmlPMSS
lonolulu. .....:.... 2 pm Pier 7
.¦•uget Sound Ports. 11 amiPler 9
irayH Harbor...::. 5 pm|Pler ' -J.
Febrsary 1O. . • ¦ ¦
'umboldt ......... 0 am Pier 2
•' February 17. ¦ : - ;:..',¦
storia & Portland 11 am Pier 24
, 'lllapa Harbor .. 5 pm Pier 2
Lakrat.
State Cal..
Columbia. ..
Sequoia.. ".
Arcata... ..
Coos Bay...
Doric
Alameda
Queen
Chehalis...
N'orth Forl'
S. Elder. : .
Rival.. .. ,
jtfamtr.
For.
I Sails.
Dolphin.....'.
Nome City...
Cottage City.
Farallon... . .
12. Thompson
Skairway & Way Ports. Feb.: li
Valdez & Way, Ports.;. Feb. li
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 1
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb.. 1
Every Sufferer From Catarrh
Knows That Salves, Lotions,
Washes, Sprays \ and
Douches Do Not Cura.
Powders, lotions, salves, sprays and inhalers
cannot really cure Catarrh, because i this dis-
ease is a blood disease, and local 'applications.
No Argument Needed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\,_J THE PURE \J
SP^ GRAIN C.OFFEE
CoSee injures growing children
even when it is weakened. Grain-0
gives them brighter eyes, firmer
flesh, quicker intelligence and hap-
pier dispositions. They can drink
sll they want of Grain-O—the moro
the better— and it tastes like coffee.
All grocers '; 15c end 26c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Evar Peep Into This Laundry?
It would dfl you good to see the perfect
system and absolute cleanliness we main-
tain. "We have every facility for doing
perfect, laundry work, and that's the only
kind we do. If you send your linen here
you'll have no cause to be dissatisfied. We
deliver and collect : your washing. No
Saw Edges. -
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Offica 1OO4- Marka: Straac
• Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
Skeens Painless Stricture- Cura eradicates every
j trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing from the
t etart, allaying inflammation and enlargement
! of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
No catting, dilating, drugging or bougies. We
positively guarantee- a thorough, painless and
permanent cure in tvery case, and you caa
Pay When Cured.
We mean just what we say, and it costs nothing
to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely
harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
any address, our interesting book,- "An Honest
[Talk,* 1 . containing many testimonials, also. •
F O> C F ' 15 DAYS'
¦ TCtEi TRIAL. TREATMENT.
! D. A. SKEEN CO.122 Atlas Bank BIdg., Cincinnati,!!
GOHOBSHOSA AND URINARY DISCHARGES
• A CURE IN 43 HOURS.
NEW. WESTERN HOTEL,
EZ EARNT AND WASHINGTON BTS.—RE-
•» modeled and ¦ renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 day;
?5 to *8 week; *8 to. $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water ev«?ry room; fire xratev la
every room; elevator runs all night.
BAILWA? TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Tpairis-Daiiy.
__ Leave Market T street Ferry Deoot.
I Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
. ,' •- I Dally Ually Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
• Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17. p 1:30a 9:11 p
"Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
'• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a...
".Vtaalla:. 3:30p.r 5:0Oa
". Bakersfd 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45a ...
"Kan.City 2:40a ":30a.......
" Chicago 2:15 p| »:0Op|.......
a lor mornlne. t lor afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train .Is. the California Lim-
ited, .carrylnB Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago.- Cnalr Car
runs to Bakersfleld - for accommodation of
local flrst-class passengers. No secord-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. dally.
4:20 ;p- . m. _. Is. Stockton, Merced and
Fresno local.! Corresponding train arrives
at 12 :30 .p. m. .dally. . . . , „
8 p. m. Is the Overland express, with
through . Palace and Tourist j Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. ¦ ' •
- 7:20 a.' m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 9:40 a.' m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway/
Oakland. • . ' .. ¦ . -^
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry -
Commencing September 29, 1901 " . '-
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
: AND SAN RAFAEL. * A^***
WEEK DAYS— 6:55/ 8:30. "9:30. 11:00 a. m
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15,. •6.15.'.6:« d. m '
EXTRA. TRIPS— For Milt Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur.
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. . >
.SUNDAYS— »8:00. •10:00. »H:30 a. m.. U-15
3.:15 : »4:45. 0:30. 9:30 p. m. . . ' . , Ob
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5:25, fc:27. 7:45. 8:35 -fo-iA
a. m.. *Vi:2Z. 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. .5:30 pfm -
EXTFA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. ra.
-SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00.»10:00, *ll:45 a. m
•1:40, *3:15. 4M5. *6:30 p. m.. -. 7 ™"
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
E-^S^^w'iSb 7 p :55 m. 8:55 - "°»
anrs^da?rr7:?0\nrfep W m 3a^'
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2-15
3:30. 5:00, 6:45 p.m. •
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. . . -
¦¦ 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. * ¦ ¦¦ \f^BStSB>»
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills ¦ and way
stations. . ¦¦",-'. •*
Lesal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. ...
~. ."Last spring. I read an account of some re-
markable cures made by Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets and promptly bought a fifty cent box from
my druggist and obtained such positive -benefit
from that one. package that I continued to use
them : dally, until - 1 now ; consider myself en-
tirely .free from the disgusting, annoyance of
catarrh ; • my head is . clear, : my digestion air I
could i ask and my hearing, which ! had begun
to fall as a result of the catarrh, has greatly
improved, until I feel I can hear ' as well as
ever. -.They are •. a household necessity in my
family." ¦ '. • ¦ >> . . ¦ . -• ¦ ¦¦ ¦
-Stuart's- Catarrh 1 Tablets are sold by drug-
gists at 60 cents for complete treatment;- and
for convenience, safety and prompt results they
are undoubtedly the long looked for catarrh
cure, .-- .' . . . . • ,
Mr. C. R:. Rembrandt of Rochester. N. T..
says: ; "I know of few people who have suf-
fered; as much as I from Catarrh of the bead
throat and stomach. ' I used spray s, .. inhalers
and powders for months at a :time with .only
slight ¦ relief, and had no . hope j of cure. I had
no\ the = means to make a change of climate,
which seemed my only chance of cure. : ::
Unlike many catarrh , remedies Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets contain no cocaine, opiate or any
Injurious drug whatever and are equally bene-
ficial for little children and adulta. — ¦
' :. The manufacturers of ..the' new catarrh cure.
Stuart's ; Catarrh Tablets, have- succeeded ad-
mirably in accomplishing this result. -They are
large, pleasant tasting lozenges,- to be dis-
solved In the mouth, thus reaching every, part
of the mucous membrane of the throat and
finally the stomach. : ¦ .
- The best and most modern ' remedies for this
purpose are , antiseptics scientifically' known as
Eucalyptol, Gualacol, Sangulnarla and Hydras-
tin, and while each of these have been success-
fully used separately, yet It has been difficult
to get them all combined in one palatable,- con-
venient and. efficient form.'
.; A remedy to really cure catarrh must.be an
Internal remedy, which will •cleanse the. blood
from catarrhal poison and remove .the fever
and congestion from the mucous ' membrane.
The catarrhal poison is In, the' blood and the
mucous membrane of the nose, throat and
trachea tries to relieve the system -by secret-
ing large quantities of mucus, the discharge
sometimes closing up the nostrils, dropping
into the throat, causing deafness by. closing the
Eustachtan tubes, and after a time' causing
trouble. . • t - {. . . ',.
if they accomplish anything at all, simply give
transient relief. ¦ ¦ . ; ¦ • .'
RAILWAY TEAVZL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC,
Tralms !••»«• »m«I nr« •¦(•• to avrlv* •»
MAN ritAM«:iM«:«».
¦ • (Main Line. Toot of M»rk«t StrwC) -
tun — Fxou DxczxixB 8, 1XL — *xsr»1
?i40a Benld*. Bolann, Elmir* mad S»erv
mento •>9-1«
7t««A V»c»Till9. Wloten/Bnmwy 7«33l
7iB«a Martlu«i.a»oUtinofl.Vkll6]a > K»pa k
C»ll»to|»»ad3»ot» Bon 0iX3»
•¦•»» D»»ls, Woodltad. KnlgaU L«ndiac
MwTiTllle. Oro«lll«. 7:33f
¦¦•0* A tlsntts Kxpran— Ogdan »o J Eaa* mMi
••«*•) a KHea, L»throp. Stockton ?tS3>
IrttiKUn, Mendot^ Hmnford. VImU*.
PorterrUle 4«S»»
•i*«a Sh»«t» Kxprftw— D»tU, WiUUnu (for
B»rt!»tt Sprlon}. WUlowi. Bad
Bluff. Portlani. 7i»»f
••¦•a B»n Joie, Llttjrmot.. Stockton.
lone, Hacramento, PlacrTUl*.
llmrji'lll". Chloo. Ra<l BlnlT 4iS.1t
•iSOa Oakd»le, Chlnen.Sonorn. Tuotnmna 4:3A|
•i«Oa Harvard. Nile* «ad W»» Stations.. 1Ii»3a
••OOa Vallejo Iili23i
•«OOa Loa Aoxalas Kxpraaa — Martinet
Tracy. LaUtrop. Htooklon. Merced
Fraviio snd Loa Ajutalea 7i.V>*
•iS»A V»l>in, Martlnex ami Way Station* ?iS3»
ItiOVA Tha OreiUiirt UmiUd- Ogdan, Vvn-
var. Omaha. Chleavt JiSSf
tliOOr S«er»maiitoltlTor8ieitiiier« flliOOJ
• ii»»r Benlela. Winter*. flaaramaoto.
WooillaiiJ, Knfzhts I.andiiiE.
M»ry«»IIU. Ororllls la>:33*
• it«r Hayward. NHea and rTay SUtlona.. ?iSSa
4i«*r Martlnas. Hail Itamon. Vall.Jo.
Napa. UalUtnga. Hanta Itoia , i>i5S»
4t40 P NUea. LlTermor*. Stockton, Lodl... 12.«3»
4i»i»pHaywmrd. Nlle», .Snn .loae, LlTrnnora tStSAA
- 4:t»rTh« Owl limited — Fiaaoo, Tulme,
BakenOeld. Hanjrw for Santa Bat-
bara. !x>a Ancelea S>S9»
¦i««T Port Coata, Tracy. Lattrop. Btocktoa 1)>>39a
Bioor Mirtinn. AnUoeh, Stockton. Uei-
•i«Op Harvard. NIln«adSaa Jom m ..... 7i«V»»
f«iOOe Valleji... !?..... lli«S»
•i«»r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denrar.
Omaha. 81 Lorda, Chioaco 4iSa*
1—v Oragmi and California Kx|ureaa.Maa-
rnmenti.. Maryi«l!la. It«<1illn«.
I'lirtlnml. Tnget Hound and Kail »i30*
¦tOSrSan Pablo, Port Coata. Martlae*
and Way SUtlous lli«3*
ftOnp ValUjo 7iJaf
COAST LINE (Karroir Usage).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
• t 1 5 a Neirark.C'mi tar» 111 «, 8»n .Ioi». Fpitou,
BoiildeTOreek.aaiita Otin and Waj
Button. DOaf
!*•!¦» Newark, Centervllle, San.Toie, New
Alm.iieii. Telton. Ronldar Creak.
Santa Cm and I'tloolpal Way
Stallou. .„.. I«i«<»»
4i19r Nawatk. Han Joss. Lot Gtlot t«.5«»
(9.80P Hunters" Train— Sin Joi* and Way
fltaMom t7J»W
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tram Sll FBiSCISOO— Ttex «f Kirket Strtet (Stis 8>—
11:15 1:00 11:00a. M. 1:03 2:03 ¦ S:X3r.«.
turn 01 IUX»— r»«t«flr«td«»j.— f 8:00 t8;00 UM
_ 1Q:OO..M. 12:03 8.03 1:03 r.M. :_^
COAST LINE (Rroail 0aa K »). *
* (Third and Townaand 3U.)
•il*A Saa Joaaand Way HtaUona.. ........ «i4*a!
T:«Oa Man Jowautl Wmy SUtloiia f9.O0#
/7i«wa New Altnaden /4<1«0
j SiOwa Coast Lias limited — Baa Jom>,
: .... .. Gllrcj, Salinas. San Lois Oblspo.
Santa Barbara, Lo* Angeles ana* ** :
principal Intermediate stations.... 10:4JQ
•iOOa Han , Jims. Ties IMnoa. HuiU (.'run.
Pxriue «4ro<«. balinaa. San Lnlj
- Ob'spo ami Principal iutermedi*ta
ftt*M»ns 4tlw»
1h::«Oa B*n Jc»e and Way Station*. »t3«*
I tiSOA Uaii .lose ami Way HUtlou Utlt*
tail.tr San Matro. Itadwood, Menlo Park.
Pain Alto. Hanta Clara. San Joaa,
Trea Plaoa, SanU Cro>. Sallnaa.
Moiuerny •!••> I'aelflc Cror* )IOi4."»A
S:3*r «an Joas and Way .St«tlo»a. l:!l«»
«4:lSr 3»n. Jons unit Prineinal Way Station* SiSOW
4>90r SanMt Limited— Mondays, Wednn-
days, Vrid*7«. for 1,04 Angf l^a. El
- Paao New Orleans and Sew York.
Arrive* Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays 10 ill*
t3s«SrSan Jim, Loa-Gatoa aud Principal .
Way Stations -...'. f*rO4»k
Ut^Op Skh.1 <itc aii.l PHnclpal Way Station. 6i.1i>*
«t:i« p Sai> Joie Aiut War Mf»«!oiii. ?»?O#
?i00r New Orleans Kxprem — Han Laia
' . . Obigpo, Banta Btrhara. Lns An-
eelea. D mine. El 1'aso, New Or-
l-i n« and E»»l 7:3A*
¦ lli<ap 3an .lour »»wl Way Station. 1 s :so»
. u A i° r * lorut "« »* tor Afternoon •,
. 1 Miiuiinr rzennted, t Sunday only
/Tundij«»nd Fritfiy*,.
CiLIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COL
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAClfu
KAIUWAY COMPANY.^.;-
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market S:.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00.. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, b':S0 p. m. Thursdays — Extru
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:UO, U:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. tt:20 p. m.
San Kafas! to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS — «:10. 7:5O, 9:20. 11:1O a. m. :
12:45. .3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:U3 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:10.
0:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Kraneisco. | Apr. . 2S, 1301 j San Francisco.
¦Week I Sun- j j Sun- | TVeek
Days. \ days. | Destination | days, j Days.
7:30am S:G0am Novato, 10:40am| 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm| 6:2Upm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburs. 10:40am
Oeyserville,
3:30pm 9:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25arn
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7 :35pm i U:20pnt
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:0Oam Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am S:C0am Sonoma 9:15am S :40am
. -' and
8:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:06pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00amT |10:40am|10:23am
3:30pm! 6:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 9:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Mark
West Springs and "White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga Springs; at
Cloverdale for the GeySers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsey-
vllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. HullvUle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendoclno . City, Fort Bragg
¦Westport. Usal. WUllts. LaytonvUle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street, Chronicla
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. x. RYAN.
• Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive T
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
JQ>L _^2£i .» tt . «t %m , ,^ MBgr days- Pays.
1:15 r. t "•• *"* »w "U^i glgf I' 5J5 r *
T»r..S.. rr»wrt»c.t»Snm»«»oda»ir». »1.3O. '
BakttOOM* «S1 JUUII STRUT aad BABSAlIrO IIUl
aBr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I 6229 SEABXT »T. Established
Itn 1S34 for the treatment of Private
f Diseases. Lost Mandood. Debility or
Is, f M * wearlnaron body and mlnii and
|Sk!n Disuses. Tho Doctorcnreswhen
¦others fall. Try him. Charges low.
¦% i » SV-"" «m«»«'«"»t*»*. CallorwzlM
»r. J. *. (UBBOa. b»a Francisco, CaJL *
THE PROBLEM.
I T"*^ OROTHY in the nursery can calculate the
tp^fj P" ce °^ Ivory Soap per cake, but it would
4gjgij| take a mathematical genius to calculate its
-¦-- J true value. For he musf take account of
time, labor, and materials. He must deduct from the
apparent cost the saving in the longer life of the cake,
in the longer life of the washed fabric, in the labor
required, in the time consumed, in the strength ex-
pended, in the results obtained. When all is finished,
Ivory is the cheapest soap in the world. It floats.
:'.'/:'/>• ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
pear signature of /£*~?g5££ x
Very sacall aad as easy
SEE Iaadttd'cI" 111 hea dachl SEF
° . l/Am tKO FOR DIZZINESS. fffg
«™iti»it- UPrTTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. „.„„„_
GENUINE Hived for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS F0R COHSTIPATIOH.
WRAPPFR JL-JI1 " for sallow skim. VVRAPPFR
¦WHAmiHIgjEB Ifor the complexion ««ArrtK
25 Cwrt» I Portly Tegetaltlev/^g****^^^*^Continued on Page Thirteen.
STOCK MARKET.
The Potato ¦ market continues firm under a
fair local demand and light receipts, but prices
are unchanged. There was an easier feeling in
Onions, as heavier supplies are expected from
Oregon, owing to the mild.er weather in that
State. One car came in yesterday, and there is
another close at hand.' Nevada Onions, which
were held • at $3 per ctl Thursday, . were offer
ing yasterday at $2 75, with few-buyers.
Receipts of Southern Vegetables by rail were
light and those per steamer much lighter than
expected. ThP killing frosts about Loa Ange
les have bo reduced the supplies that prices In
the home market are almost- as high as those
obtained here. The steamer Tucapel, which ar r
rived Thursday ¦• from Mexican - ports, . brought
157 boxes ! -Tomatoes and. 30 boxes Peppers,
which are offering at the quotations. 1
Mushrooms, are again offering. . •
POTATOES — $1 10@l 35 for Burbanks from
the river; - Salinas Valley Burbanks. - $1 60@
175; Oregon Burbanks. :$128@1 65; Oregon
Garnet Chiles. $1 40®l 60; River Reds. $1 50@
1 liO; Early Rose. 1 for .>seed, $1 60@l'60; small
Burbanks, for, seed, $1 35@1 45; Sweets, $1 30
@1 40 for Merced. . * •' ; ;- .
. ONIONS— Oregons. . $2 25(32 75, first hinds ;
Australian, $3@3 25; Nevada,;; $2 75; Green
Onions. 60@65o per box. „•' ' " *
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 8®10cT Green Peas
from Los Angeles, 8@12%c; String Beans from
Los Angeles. 10#20c," including Wax; Cabbage,
40050c per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes. S2fi2 r.o
Potatoes, Onions ana* Vegetables,
Tin was quiet at New York at $24 25«J24 75.
London closed-17s 6d higher with spot at"£U2
12b Cd and futures at £107.
Lead was firmer at New York with spot at
$4 10@4 15 and London' Is 3d higher at £11
8s 9d. • ¦¦-¦.¦• ¦;.¦¦••¦..¦¦'.-...
Spelter was easier, closing higher at $4 10'
At London there was a; decline of 2s 6d to
£17 12s Od. ¦¦¦-.. •-.-.'
•Iron was firm at New York. Glasgow closed
at 40s -6d. and MIddlesboro closed at 45s 3d
; Plglron warrants here closed at $11 5Q®15 50
'Np.,1 Northern foundry, '917®l8;'No. 2 Notth
•ferh: foundry, $18 25@16 75; No. 1 Southern
foundry. $16 2A@16 75; No. .1 Southern foundrj'
Boft, $16 25@16 75. .-.;. ;¦;•.- ;.,-,¦- , ¦ . ",
' : New York Cotton Market:- ;'. i
, NEW YORK, Feb. 7.— COTTON— Firm? o$
8 points higher. ' ' ,.
, Eastern: Livestock Market.
¦'¦¦';¦' ' : .i : :%"- , • : " .... '"¦¦¦¦..:/.
. CHICAGO, , Feb. • 7.— CATTLE —"Receipts.
2500, ; Including:' 300/ Texans.' Steady at late
NEW TORK, Feb. 7.— Nearly all the metal
prices were changed to-day. Copper was lower,
offerings were large and mere was no consider*
able buying. At New York lake closed at
12%@13c and futures at 12%®i2%c; electro
lytic at 12%@1294c and casting at 12%@12%c.
The London market closed . 1 with . spot un
changed at £55," but forward deliveries were
7s 6d lower at £54 7s 6d.
New York Metal Market.
¦K ¦ ¦ ; .. .
LIVERPOOL.'
Wheat — March. May.
Opening .;...fll% 0 2Vi
Closing :....'... 6 1% 6 2U
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 21 65 22 65
Closing 21 55 22 55
Flour—. ¦ , -.
Opening 26 95 28 25
Closing ......2095 28 25
The world's statistics of wheat movement
have been 'on the whole rather bullish this
week -and coupled wlth--i*ii<i weather caused
.some -strengthening. ¦ The volume of . business
has been of a scalping character, however.
Toward the close of the. week some expert in
quiry' developed in wheat. -¦ The margin In
favor cash article has ¦ widened during
the past, six weeks and the actual stuff is
really, higher than a month' ago. - - ; ,- w -.=>..-„
I Hog- products have advanced with -the coarse
grains -and also because receipts of hogs. 'have
¦been Email. ¦¦;¦- : v ¦•'-'¦: : ¦•>. >-.-¦; •.-*..¦<-..¦ ?.
• -Wheat/ including flour, exports for ; the- week
aggregate 4,600,457 bushels, -as. against 3,702,
3«8 bushels last week; 'and 4,^07,813 bushelsMn
-this week last year. - •• -•.- ¦ - .. . .
Wheat exports July 1, 190I, 1 to date (thirty
two weeks)- aggregate '170,14e,B77: bushels, as
against 510.778,155 bushels last' season. .
- Raw wool -has remained 'steady on moderate
demand and restricted .supplies. . Recent Ljn
don wool sale prices are above parity with our
markets.-—- - ,. • - - •--¦-• ¦- '¦•¦ % — ... ;-. -•
.-Leather remains steady and in' fair demand. 1
.despite the weakening in prices in hides. • De-'
mand ,for • sugar remains * low: an( ] j Dr j C e 5 are
'without material j change' ca \ht week, while
NEW YORK, Feb. 7.— Bradstreet' b to-mor
row will say:
Trade developments this week have been
largely, favorable. AH the measures of legiti
mate, trade point to January equaling In most
respects and exceeding in many the records of
a year ago. Failures, it is true, were larger
in - number, but . the Increase was all at the
South, from which trade reports have been
poor, but' show a slightly more hopeful trend
since cotton has taken Its move upward. The
general level of prices moved slightly down
ward during January, owing to lower prices
'of ppeculatively dealt in cereals and hog pro
ducts and a heavy decrease in crude rubber and
some chemicals. Most of. the decline in food
products has been recovered since February 1.
The close of the week finds a confident faeifug
prevailing in nearly all lines of distributive
trade. ¦-.:¦•¦* . ~ ., • .
'There is a virtual famine alike of crude pig
iron and finished products of steel. Premiums
of 50 cents per ton on pig Iron are paid East
and West, a Southern railway has gone abroad
for Its - steel rails, Canadian steel, billets are
reaching ' Pittsburg, ¦ and a brisk importing
movement Is , looked for. Crude rubber, after.
Its excited fall and no. less -exciting rise, has
steadied at slight advances on last week. Tin
-and lead are also higher." : \ ¦ ..
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, lH#25c;. dairies,
16@23c. Cheese, steady; 9%@iH4c. Eggs,
firm; fresh. 25%c. ¦
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 21,000 10.000
Wheat bu 27,000 56,000
Corn bu '• 35,000 58.000
Oats, bu 73,000 190.000
Ry«, bu -.-• "•• 15,000 1,000
Barley bu '. • 31,000 ' 12,000
Apathy still prevails in Beans and Seeds, and
prices stand the same.
BEAN6— Bayps, $2 40@2 50; Small White,
$3 10@3 25; Large White, $2 75@3; Pea. $3 50®
*• Pink. $175@2 10; Red, $2 2502 50; Black
eve $3B0@3 65; Llmas, $4 40@4g0; Red Kid
ney's $3 5Q@3 75 cer ctl.
' SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 40®2 75; Canary.
atiiB-J^c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah.
8'Ao- Rape, 1Vi@1%c: Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 26.O1 tiS; Oreen.
$1 25@1 60 per ctl. • . •
Beans and Seeds
Thursday night's rain over the central and
northern parts of the State gave the Hay mar
ket a softer appearance, but there was no
change in prices. From present indications It
would require a good deal of rain, spread out
over a large area, to depress prices, and such
a rain has not yet appeared." The present storm
has not yet extended much below San Fran
cisco. ' • " ¦ ' "
There is no change In Feedstuffs.
BRAN — $18 5O@1U 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $19@20 ! pfer
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Jobbing,
*28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31032; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 60; " Mixed
Feed S17@18 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — Wheat, $10@13 B0; fanoy. r $14; Wheat
and Oat $10<g>13 60; Oat, 8@11 fO; Alfalfa, $S@
16- Clover, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 80@9; Stock, $a
®i 60 per ton. . ¦
STRAW — 40@65o per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW TORK, Feb. 7.— The movement of
prices in to-day's rtock market became highiy
Irregular, but the tone was healthier and the
breadth aod activity in the market were main
'tained at yesterday's level. The professional
operators, who largely absorbed the market.
operated wilt considerable confidence and did
v not hesitate U buy and bid up stocks in new
charters at the Fame time as they were taking
profits on their recent purchases in others.
Seme of the closely held "investment stocks,
¦n-Rlch have had eensaUonal advances recently
l^cause there were no shares for eale even at
much higher bids, relapsed violently to-day on
attempts to take profits, illustrating the nar
rowness cf the market for thi6 class of etock6.
Small offerings are as effectual in forcing de
clines as are email purchases in causing ad
vances, the lneidere in these ttm-ks being- qui.e
indifferent to their course in the sepculative
market. Lackawanna slumped fe points of
yeeterday'B loss cf nearly 5 points, and North
west dropped 4 : », without recovery. Lacka
¦-var.n*. howe\*er, rallied 5 points. The same
tendency was shown to a less degree In a
number of other railroad etrjeks which hav«
been unreasonably bid up of late. ¦ There was
a very notable pressure to realize profits also
in Southern Parific, In which the dealings con
tinued on a very large scale. Amalgamated
Copper was about the only stock in the list
that showed positive depression. Its Ices at
one time extended to 2%, but this was re
duced by a. rally to I'-m- The celling of the
ctock was ostensibly due to a reaction In the
price of copper and to allegations that the
oempany haJ oversold its product at the re
sent low level ir. the copper market. The prin
cipal factor of ttrength In the market was Illi
nois Central, which advanced an extreme 3%
on a volume of dealings very unusual In that
mth«»r closely held security. The advance had
no other explanation than the relatively low
price of 'the ttiv-k compared with other stocks
similarly eitaated and paying only as great
<>r even smaller dividends. The advance in
the etock brought out various old rumors of
absorption of minor systems and the stocks
V t many railroads which could by any possl-
be available for merging with Illinois
Central were advanced eharply- The favorable
showing of the great corn-carrying railroads
fcr December, as tn the case of Burlington and
Rock Inland. aJso helped to strengthen this
Clam. There was an 'energetic buying mow-.
ment late in the day In Atchtson, which seemed
to be liased on the fact that the movement in
tt.e slock this week has not been commensur
ate with that in others. This description ap-
plies to various other movements -of the day.
There was ar; upward rush in Metropolitan
Street Railway, which carried it 2% over last
night, and a similar movement of more than
2 points in Pugar. but neither of these was
maintained. Brooklyn Rapid Transit rose more
than a point. Lat" jn the day Manhattan was
raided down 2 points on the news of an un
favorable court <3fri8ion against the company,
and thU made the closing of the market un
settled. Little attention was paid to estimates
of the bank statement, as the- tone of the
money market continued eaFy.
The bond market was quite active, but ir
regular. Total eales, par value. $3,280,000.
United States old 4s advanced >,i per cent
cji the last call.
XEW TORK STOCK LIST.
FAX* k— Sales. Hlsrh. . Low. Close.
Atchiecn U0,50») 7&% 771' -78,
Atchisyn pfd 8,000 «»s»i »7# 88%"
Baltimore & Ohio. 8.100 105'? 104U J04%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 06% " »«i4 mi£
Canadian Pacific... »o,800 jj,^ 115% 1154;
Canada. Southern,. ~<vt 89' sii kss
Ches & Ohio....... 1JO0 40=?i 46 'w
Chicago & Alton... 01,400 :$4'i ."54 34
rhgo & Alton pfd.. 300 70' 75-1 75ii
Chgo, Ind & L.... '.fjo ;,i 54- v , t f
Chgo, Ind & L pfd. K011 77% 77 77
Chgro & E Illinois.. :.(»i 142 ]4;> %4->
Chgo Jfc G Wftrn..' 600 23 U 'Si - ~S«-i
Chgo & G VV A pfd ...- 84 -"
I '"hro & G W J* pfd ...%* .'." . 44«i
'hgs & Nweetern.. 4.200 223 % -. 218^-220
Ctro, Rli Pac. 2.200 ICSVi 163«i \X64J4'
New York Stock Market.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal.'$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, J5; Hominy.
$4@1 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 2Q; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85(38 36;
in sacks, $8 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5: Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
JJ 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 50;
Oregon, f 2 75@3 per barrel 'f or family and $3@
3 85 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $3@3 35.
Flour and Millstuffs.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 83»ic; No. 2
red 84%c; No 2 corn. 83<g85c; No. 2 oats,
45%c- No. 3 white. 44%@46%c; No. 2 rye.
fiOfl'ttOUe: fair to rhoic* malting barley, 60%@
64c; No. 1 fiaxseed, Jl 60%; No. 1 Northwest
ern $1 72%; prime timothy seed. $tf 55@6 CO;
mess pork, per bbl, $15 70@15 75: lard, per
100 lbs $tt-3.">@9 37%: short ribs sides (loose),
$8 35@S 50: dry salted shoulders (boxed). 7@
7%c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 70@8 SO;
whisky, basis of high wines, ?1 31; clover, con
tract erade. $0 35@0 40.
Eggs are slightly cheaper again. There 1»
no change in Butter or Cheese.
Meats are as previously quoted, and thera
is- little ehange in Fish or Poultry.
Summer Vegetables from the southern part
of the State are in lighter supply than usual
at this time of the year, as the recent freexe
down there destroyed a large percentage of the
crop, and prices are accordingly iiisrh. Oranges
too, are coming in frostbitten, and there will
be a good deal of this frosted fruit from now
COAL, per ton —
Cannel $ tfltf 00 Scuthfleld
Wellington toll 00 Wellington $ — 11 CO
Seattle @ R 5C Coos Bay... — 9 7 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC. —
Butter, choice. sq5O(i»u0 Common Esgs. — Q22%
DO. gOOd M\J,iO Ei>.liUI jjfcss p*"
Packed, per Ib. .£.')&— dozen 22};S25
Cheese, Cal 15© i'. buiMtj Cumb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 17'«- pound 15@20
Cheese. Swiss 20&o. Do, extracted.. StflU
MEATS, per lb —
Bacon 14® IS Pork Sausages. 12 %@15
Hams 13-3.17 Smoked Beef li'a'M
Lard 15@—
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats :
Roast Beef 10®lS Roast Mutton.. 10«12^i
Tenderl'n Sfk.l5<&lTii Mutton Chops.. 1O§12}»
Porterh'ee do..l7%f$2t> Mutton Stew.... — @ a
Kound Steak.. lOfaiiHj Kcast Veal 10&13
Beef Stew 8tfl» Veal Cutlets 15(tj/iH
Corned Beef..... »®U .ioast Pork. ...12%6l5
Roast Lamb, ..12%'Bt. .-^rK Chops
Lamb Chops 1-%'y.l
POULTRY AND CA-rfE —
liens, eacn ckJ^.^ squabs, per pair.WSdO
Young Koosters, Doves, per doz— g|l 50
each 50@35 Kabbits, eai-n . . . 10'tf^u
Old Roosters. ea.&O'ut^ Hare, each — $b2u
Fryers, each 504*i;o English Snipe.
Broilers, each 40^5) ¦ p*r dozen... — <9%\ 00
Turkeys, per lb.18^2 1 .' Tack Snipe... — &JJ2 50
iJucks, each inxu . ..a uetut, wr
Geese, each. .51 SO*** pair 75c@$l to
Pigeons, pair 4i>v. .ant. each 25S33
FRUITS AND NUTt, —
Alligator Pears. juried Flsa. pr lb — @10
each 25©50 Urape\Fruit. per
Almonds .....15<g2O dozen 5O@75
Apples 90 5 Limes. do««n. . . . fO'tf 15
Pecans — @20|Lemons, <io?en...2'>ij 1 >(.<
Brazil Nuts 20«a;— Oranges, doa 2uiyiju
Bananas, doz 15^25 Pears, lb S@U%
Cranberries, qt..— @20 Pineapples. ea...30@5u
Lucoaiiutj, eacn. — «*ii. Raisins, per lb.. 5'»15
Chestnuts, per Ib.lSijJl Walnuta. pr lb.l2%O15
VEGETABLES —
ArticboKea, az..«l@l 50 Okra, dried, lb. . — @40
Beets, dozen 10$— Potatoes, pr lb..2&2tt
Beans, white, lb. 6(i0 — Parsnips, per dz.10®—
Colored, per lb. 5@ — Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb.. 6@ 5 bunches ir*»«>>
Cabbage, each... Borj- — Rhubarb — 612%
Celery, head 6® — ow«i eotatoea.
Cress, dz bnchs. -2u«:»0 per lb -'.i'S 4
Cucumber?, dz.fl 50@2 Simic uoz bnena.-.. o ..j
Egg Plant, lb 30®— String Beans, per
Garlic ..'. 4jj C pound 20@25
Green Peppers, lb.30® 40 Summer. Squash.
Green Peas. lb,12%@15 per pound — ©23
j-euuee, per uoz.lu^Su Sprouts, per lb. . 51$ a
Leeks, dz bchs .. 15@2U I Spinach, per lb.. Sj? —
Onions, per lb.2%Q«*fe Thyme, dz bchs.25930
Green Onions, dz Turnips.- per dr"!.i<vn—
bunches 15@2( Tomatoc3, per lb.20®23
Mushrooms, lb. ..25@iO
FISH—
Carp — @12% Sea Bass." — «13
Catnsh — @12% Smelts — @ —
Codflsh 15® — Soles lO®l-'Vi
Hoiinaers ...".12%w — Skates, each..... 8^13
Halibut — 4J15 hquid ...» — w — I
Herring 8«— Tomcod 10@12»i
Mackerel — ©— Turbot xoft»u»
Do. horse — @ — Trout '. .. — g —
Perch — @ — Brook Trout — 52 —
Pompino 75c@$l 00 Whlteflsh 10® —
Rockcod ,. — 016 Clams, gallon 50sf —
Rockflsh — @15 Do. hardshell.
Salmon, fresh ..20@25i per pound &910
Ov, smoked 13<« ! Crawfl3h — ©15
Sardines 103 — 'Crabs, each 133?2tt
Shrimps — 9 — Mussels, quart.. Q —
ghad 15*9 — Oysters, cal. lOo.-Miv-aSO
ttriped Bass l&4|20! Do. Eastern,dz.23i{J4O
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
; ' tc
CHICAGO, Feb. 7. — Corn started slightly
firmer on cables, which responded to yester
day's local improvement. There we're a few
buying orders out and May opened unchanged
to %c higher at 63»4c to «l%c. Milder weather
and very elack business, however, soon turned
sentiment and the ¦ bears took control of the
market. At no time did the market go above
opening prices. Rains were renorted in Ar
gentina, and Kansas City was having a weak
market. Heavy selling developed and prices
declined steadily. May closed weak, IVio low
er, at t>2 %c.
"Wheat ' was dull again all day and ruled
weak under the deprc-ssing corn influence. At
the opening a elightly better cash demand,
Improved cables and a small demand for short
covering helaed prices a little. May started
about %c hisher at 78!-i@78%c. but soon
turned easy. There was almost a total absence
of outside business and the dullness favored
bearish sentiment. The corn break, .however,
was the prime factor. May fluctuated rather
narrowly after it sold off to 77%c._ The close
was weak, May %c lower at 7i%@u%c,
Oats were at their highest price at the open
ing. Trade was very. dull. The market pdld
off witli corn. May closing weak and %@lc
lower at 43%c. , ,
Provisions were weak at the opening on large
receipts and lower prices at the yards. Later
packers bouzht liberally and the market re
covered. May pork closed 12 %c lower, lard 5@
7 %c lower and ribs 5c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Flour, qr sks... 21.1B1 Hay, tons f H T»
Wheat, ctls .... 40,23s Straw, tons .... 17
Barley, ctls .... 6,5*li Sugar, ctls :>43
Beans, aks nl Tallow, ctts -~j»;
Corn, ctls l»ti Leather. Tolls . . 224
Potatoes, sks .. 2.Kfc Pelts, bdls cs;
Onions, sks .... 1'Wj Hides, No 2 164
Wool, sks .10 Wine, gals 50,f>0f>
Bran, sks 1.945 Lime, bbls
Middlings, eks.. 10!
FOR FRIDAY. FEERUARY 7.
Receipts of Produce.
per box and $2 75 per crate: Mexican Toma
toes. $2@3 per box; Dried Peppers. 12%"515c
per Ib; Los Angeles do, 15@17%c; Dried Okra.
12%@15c per lb: Carrots. 35@50c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1@1 25 per dozen for
< large and 50®75c for small: Garlic, lii@21£c:
Los Angeles ¦ Green Peppers, 20S25c; Mexi
can do, 20(g25c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles,
20f825c: Summer Squash from Los Angeles,
$2@2 25: Marrowfat Squash. . $S@10 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $8S10; Mushrooms, 15@20c
per lb.
Poultry and Game.
» , The Poultry market was slightly weaker
yesterday, as the demand for the Chinese New
Tear is over, but as receipts were light the
market cleaned up well. There was a wider
range in the quotations in Dressed Turkeys,
owing to the large supplies and the abundance
of second-class stock. Fine- young Hens sold
readily at the top quotations, but old Hens and
Gobblers were not wanted.
Receipts of Game were about 00 sacks and
Snipe and Gray Geese were scarce 1 and higher.
Other kinds sold at unchanged prices.
- POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15®19c; Live
Turkeys, ,132114c for- Gobblers and 14® 15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goilifigs,
$2(g?2 25; Ducks. $5©5 50 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens. $4 50@5; young Roosters, $5@5 50:
old Roosters. $4 50@5: Fryers, $4@5: Broilers,
$4@5 for large and $3@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 60@3 for
Squabs. " ' .
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits. $150 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush: Gray Geese.
$3 60@4; White Geese, $l@l 25: Brant, $1 50®
2 60 per dqzen; Honkers, $3@4 5o: Engliai
Snipe, $3@3 50; Jack Snipe. $1 00@2; Robblns.
$1 50 per dozen. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continued weak yesterday, and the mar
ket was quiet. An attempt was made to get up
a car for the East, but the shipper could not get
enough at his price and gave It up. Offerings,
however, were ample for the local demand.
Butter and Cheese were steady, with no dis
position to vary the quotations one way or the
other.
Receipts were 31,600 pounds, 9 tubs and 30
kegs of Butter, pounds.of Eastern Butter,
87t> cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs,
6500 pounds of California Cheese, — — pounds
of Oregon Cheese and — pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 27%®2Se per lb tor
fancy, 27c for firsts and 25®26c for seconds:
dairy, 17%@25c: store Butter. 14®17c per lb.'
CHEESE— New, ll%c; old, 10@llc; Young
America, 12'#l3c; Eastern. 13@15c per W.
EGGS — Ranch, 21c for selected large and 19®
20c for good to choice; store, 19c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Orange auction yesterday was well at
tended and 5 cars were sold at the following
prices: Fancy Navels, $1 60@2 75; choice, $1 15
@1 90; Standard, 90ag?l 35; Tangerines, in
quarter boxes. 95c.
In the open market business is fair, with all
grades moving well at steady prices. Limes are
moving slowly at the quotations and the Mexi
can steamer is due with fregh supplies. Ban
anas are. lower, as the recent arrivals were
over-ripe, which necessitated quick sales.
There is nothing new in Apples or "Pears.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
APPLES — 51 5062 per box for extra, 75c
@$1 25 for good to choice and 25@t>0c for 01
ulnary.
PEARS — From coid storage, 75c©$2 60 par
box. ' > •
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. 75c@?l 2o
for standards, $1 5O@2 for choice and $2yi
2 75 for fancy: Seedling*. 75c@$l 50; Tange
rines. $1 75®2: Japanese Mandarins. 92 25®
2 50; Mediterranean Sweets. $1@1 50; Lemons.
50c@$l for common and $1@1 50 for good to
choice, and $1 75@2 50 for fancy; Grace Fruit.
$l<g2; Mexican Limes, $4®5; Bananas, $1 25®
2 60 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25® 2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
( Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
' There is no change in the situation. The
demand is quiet.
' FRUITS — Apricots, 7@8%o for Royals and S
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;' Evap
orated Apples, 8@8%"c; sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4%igS%c; Plums,
pitted. 4©5%c: unDitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5't
5%c for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, oc
for black and eO@75c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop- are quoted as follows:
30-40's, «@o%c; 40-50's. 4%«£5V-ic; 50-ttTs, 4>a
@4?ic; 00-70*8, 3%@4»4c; 70-80's, 3Vi@35ic;
SO-'JU's. 2%@3i;c; iiO-iep 1 ". 2V|®2%e per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6v*
<i?7 : !ic; Loose Muscatels. 6*ic for 4-crown and
, 5V4c for seedless; 3-crown, (Jc; 2-crown. 5%e;
Seedless Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached and 7ti
8%c for bleached Clusters — Imperial, $3; De
hesa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 70; London Layers.
$1 25@1 35.
' 'NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, IH'j-c; No. 2. 8@S%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell, 9©10c for softshell and «<yi7>; for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5<p7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuto,
12@12fcc; -Filberts, 12®12%c; Pecans, ll®13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 5005.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 10-rJ
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
5@6c; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%©29c per lb.
Provisions.
I _____ •
Chicago was quiet, featureless and slightly
lower on the day. The San Francisco market
was neglected at the familiar quotations. S
CUBED MEATS— Bacon, ll%c per Ib tor
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c fcr extra light and 14%@15c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12@12%c;
California Hams. ll@12c; Mess Beef. $3 6'."^
10 per barrel; extra Mess. $10 50@ll; Famliy.
Sll 5U(312; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$22 50<g23; Mess, $1S 50® 19; Smoked Beef,
13%@l4c psv pound.
LARD— -Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll$4c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, HT»c;
a-lb tins. 12c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, lOVsc; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls -and brands sell \
about l!ic under quotations. Heavy ealted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9^c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 9JJc;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip. 14@15c; -Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@;>0c
each; short Wool, 40@60c each; medium, 65(0
75c; long Wool, 80c®$l 10 each; Horse Hide*,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 60 for medium,
$1 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and S0c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 3&c: fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 76c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%®6c per lb;
No.. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquin, 6®8c; San Joa
quln Lambs'. 7%@S%c; Middle County, 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, . 15@15%c; do,
fall, 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb fcr
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
lor shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs have been firm for 1 some days, during
which a slight advance has occurred, but there
were 12 cars in on Thursday, and if receipt*
continue like this dealers say the ground gained
will soon be lost again. Otherwise there is
nothing new.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: >
BEEF— 6%@71jc for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows. ¦ . ¦
VEAL — Large, 8®9c; small, S@10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%@So
per lb. .
LAMB — Yearlings, 9@9%c per lb: Spring
Lamb, lie per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6@
6Vfcc; 200 lbs and over. 5»4i@5; 8 c- feeders. 5%c;
sows, 20 per" cent off; boars, 30 per cent off.
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7%<g9c.
' ' General Merchandise.
' GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, "c; lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
S2@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%©8c.
COAL— Wellington, ?9 per ton ; Southfleld
.Wellington. . $9;' Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $6 50;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $8 50; Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 m bulk and
S13 25 in sacks; .Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
; Welsh Anthracite. $14; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks:
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per 2000 iba
and $8 60 per ton, according to brand.
OIL-^Callfornia Castor Oil. in case3, No. 1,
70c; rure. $1 20; Linseed • Oil. in barrels,
boiled, 76c; raw, 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol,
«J6o for boiled and K4q for raw, in barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained. . barrels. 00c.
cases, 95c; China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c:
Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale Oil, natural whit?,
40@60c per gallon; Fish Oil. barrels, 37 lie;
cases, 42%c; Cocoanut Oil, ¦ barrels. 63% c for
Ceylon and 68%o for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White -Coal' OH. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. In rases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c: In casea.
SO^c;' 86-degree Uasoline. in bulk, 20c; in
cases. 26%c. ¦ • : f
- TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums a^id Iron barrels.
. SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners' A. 4.80«:
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c: Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10o
I more: half-barrels 25c mora: boxes. 50c morn
¦ >¦¦•-.• •¦¦ --; , ¦- ¦
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Feb. 7—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls t •
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, end rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Lureka 31. 7,$
Hed Bluff O.22 14.24 17. 2«
Sacramento 0.44 7.91 13.32
Sin Francisco .. 0.46 7.84 14.25
Fresno 0.0R 2.74 8.62
Independence 0.(n) 1.39 5.47
San Luis Obispo.. Trace 6.24 25.65
Los Angeles 0.00 4.21 12.64
San Diego 0.00 2.45 5.65
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
58: minimum, 50; mean, 64.
The following- maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Uo«tcm 2S-1U Washington 32-20
''incinnatl 82-10 Omaha 15-10
Philadelphia 28-24 Duluth ....10-6 below
New York 26-22 Chicago 22-12
Kansas City 34- «5 St. Louis S6-12
Jacksonville 64-42 Salt Lake CKy... 46-32
lemperaiure at « a. m.. si, — ¦ . .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm continue* eff the Oreeon -. coa*t.
The rain area, has spread eouth and ehowera
are report*^ generally over California from
the Tchacha.pl northward. High southeast
wir.de axe reported at several stations.
The temperature has fallen 10 degrees or
more over the Sierras. Elsewhere the temper
atures have remained nearly stationary.
Fog Is reported on the southern coast. - ¦ ¦ \
Forecast made at San Francisca for thirty '
bour« endinr midnight. February 8. 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy, showery weath
er Saturday; brisk eoutherly winds, hitta off ;
'southern California— Cloudy Saturday; prob
ably showers ; light westerly changing to fresh
southerly winds.
Nevada — Rain or snow Saturday; cooler;
fresh southerly winds.
6an Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Saturday with rain; brisk south
er* winds.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— May-7-cooo
ctls, .S6c. , . .'
Second Session — No sales.
Rgeular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — May — 4000 ctl*, 86c. De
cember — 6000. 79c. •
OATS — Do not seem to be wanted now, but
¦whenever they are buyers have to pay full fig
ures, ¦ as sellers are very firm. Offerings are
somewhat smaller than they have been.
Grays. $1 22%@1 30; whites. $1 25<gl 42%:
Surprise. . $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 -£i'h
for feed and $1 22%@1 33% for seed; red,
$1 27%@1 37% per ctl for feed and *1 35jp
1 42% for seed. \
CORN— Chicago declined from UT.%c to 62^c,
with larger offerings from the country. There
wtro some Inquiries for Eastern shipment, but
not much business resulted. Some cables re
ported a disastrous drought in tha «Argentine,
while others reported the crop in good condi
tion, the recent rains having been beneficial.
There was no change whatever in this mar
ket, which continued dull.
Large yellow, $1 37%@1 45; small round
do $1 50: white. $1 3001 40 per ctl.
. RYE — Quoted at 85@90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per cU.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— S000
ctls, ?108Vi. December— 2000, $108%; 4000,
$100.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 14.000 ctls,
$1 08%. . December — 2000, $1 09%.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY — Steadiness prevails in this market
and the few sales are at full figures.
Feed 92%c fpr. choice .bright, "90@91 Vip for
No. 1 and 87%©88%c for:off grades; brewing
>nd shipping grades, 95@97%c; Chevalier, l»5c(^
$1 20 per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES.
' WHEAT — The foreign markets were some
what firmer. Broomhall cabled from Liverpool
that Argentine stocks were 1,504.000 bushels,
against 2,044,000 on the corresponding date last
year.
• Chicago opened rather higher on better for
eign advices, but relapsed into dullness on ac
count of lack of business and the heavy selling
ot St. Louis. There was a moderate demand
for shipment. Bradstreet' s gave the seaboard
exports for the week at 4.S00.000 bushels.
There wag no change wnatever in this mar
ket, which continued dull and featureless.
Spot Wheat — Shipping. $1 07%; milling, $1 10
©1 12% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
w ¦ ' -x
.NEW YORK. Feb. 7.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank' clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ended
February 6, with the percentage- of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond- .
ing week last year:
Percentages.
Cities — • • ? Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,432,042,152 - 9.7
Chicago- 149,763,69-1 15.8 ....
Boston 153.071,150 19.8 ....
Philadelphia 110,496,712 4.6 ....
St. Louis 49,614,251 15.3
Pitteburg 37,605,436 4.S ....
Baltimore 22,695.24!) 7.0 ....
San Francisco.... 21,739,034 20.7 ....
Cincinnati 19,S74.50« fi.6
Kansas City 17.339,435 16.1 ....
Minneapolis 12,012,376 22.9
Cleveland 12.338,0'S *.7
New Orleans 13,280,226 .... 1.2
Detroit 15,682,427 65.5.
Louisville 10,098.882 2.3
Indianapolis 9,088.701 18.6 ....
Providence ts.667,900 1.0
Omaha ....: 6. 460,099 13.8 ..,.
Milwaukee 7,557,601 4.9 ....
Buffalo 5,414,831 3.4 ....
St. Paul 4,975.669 9.8
Savannah 3,Ut5S,49ft 38.1
Denver 4,144.513 12. a
St. Joseph........ 4.494.541 . 18.9
Richmond 4,602,243 16.3 ....
Memphis ti,615.012 22.1
'Seattle 2,585,022 33.1 ....
Washington 3,837,710 28.8 ....'
Hartford 3,025,765 15.1 ....
Los Angeles 3,668,725 39. 8 ....
Salt LaKe City... 3,135,220 .... ....
Toledo 1 2,793.715 32.2 ....
Portland. Or 2.3tt».bO2 22.4 ....
Rochester 3,342,050 12.9 ....
Peoria 3.207,340 36.6 ....
Fort. Worth 2,756,228 9.8 ....
Atlanta 2.4S3.H14 10.1 ....
Norfolk v 1,306,260 -....- 3.2
Des Moines 1,729,566 S.'.G ....,".,
New Haven 1.723,519
Springfield. Maes. 1,632,695 15.0
Augusta.... 1, 158,085 > 16.3
Nashville 1,875,000 2.3. ...'.
Worcester 1,680,550 13.8 ....
Grand Rapids . 1^.620,525 11.8 '....
"Sioux City...;.... 1,423,286 38.0 ....
.Dayton, O. -l.271.71tf S.4V .....
Syracuse ......... 1,388,533? '2.1 ....
Scranton 1,410,078 37.9 ....
Portland. Me 1.325,481 13.5
Spokane 1,340,462. 25.5
Tacoma 1,2«S.4«5 22.1
Evansville 973,199 27.1 ....
Wilmington. Del.. 1.167.0S5 -12.9
Davenport ...;... 1,745,985 38.6 .,..
Fall River........ 1.397.360 58.3
Birmingham ..... 988.320 6.0
Topeka 1.419.774 30.7
Maoon 776.000 20.6
Little Rock 5«8,6e« 35.9 ....
Helena 622.730 .... 25.5
Knoxville 660,508 .... 10.0
Lowell ..: 607,557 3.8 ....
Wichita 749,247 ¦ 47.9 ....
Akron 5«i2,000 1.0 ....
New Bedford..... 590.91S 32.8
Lexington 584,167 12.7 ....
Springfield. 111.... 621,454 14.7
Binghamton 325,600 .... 30.7
Chattanooga..... 482,017 .... 4.3
Kalamazoo 438,232 40.3 ....
Fargo 452,200 46.2 ....
Toungratoivn K38.474 47.3
Springfield, 0 372,160 27.8 ....
iKockford 313,115 19.0
Canton » 347,000 27.5 ....
Jacksonville 443,206 61.0
Sioux Falls 245.425 fiO.l ....
Framont 202,676 24.4
Bloom ingt on. III.. 315.190 . . BO
Jacksonville, 111... 189,776 6.1
tColumbus, 0 0,373,400 1.8 ....
tGalveston 7,973.000 1.3 ....
tHouston "... 12,056.779 35.3 ....
•Wheeling, ¦ W. Va 667.870
•Chester 250,486
•Wllkesbarre S35.70S-
Albany 3,348,094 23.2
Quincy 250,701 .... : ; ....
Totals, U. S.. $2,214,932,231 T7TT T^
Outside N. Y...... 782,890,07'J 11.8 ....
¦ CANADA.
Montreal . $15,782,960 31.5 -
Toronto -15,132,403 47.1 ;
2,734,804 45.8
.Halifax ,1.879,876 24.9 .;..
¦Vancouver. B. C' .* 800,59* 11.8 ¦¦' .
Hamilton •. .• 767,345 .... ' 54
St. John, N. B... 743,128 8.4 I'..-.
Victoria, B. C.;.. 450,937 ±-i •>
•Quebec .- 4 ~, ; 1,315,155
Ottawa ,¦'{:". ,-' 1,853,379 .... :;,;**
Totals, Canada, $38,207,027 3ST.7
tNot included In ' totals because containing
other items than clearings. »Not included In to
.tals because of no comparison for last year
Note.AtLast week— Ottawa, ?1,251,117..
The -Bank of England has reduced its rate
of discount to 3 per cent, the lowest rate for
some time. This shows still" easier money In
England.
The China took out a treasure list of $272,
327, consisting of - $1327 In Mexican dollars.
$207,000 In" Bold' bullion and $64,000 In silver
bullion. It is not often that such an amount
of gold bullion appears in these shipments of
treasure to the Orient.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 88 <
Sterling Cables — * 89
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce ' — 65^4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 7. — The movement in
evaporated apples continued light and quota.
tions«about unchanged. Jobbers and exporters
seem equally Indifferent at the ; moment.
State, common to good,- 7@S%c; choice, 9'4
@10e; fancy, 10%@llc. - ' "
California dried' fruits — Peaches and Prunes
are firm. -
PRUNES— 3?8@6%c
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9-Ji
PE^ACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 7!i
@9%c. '
• NEW YORK, Feb. 7 — FLOUR— Receipts,
12,200 barrelt: exports, . 5600 barrels ; quieter
with the- wheat decline, but not actually lower.
WHEAT— Receipts. 14,250 bushels; exports,
119,848 bushels; spot, easier. No. 2 red. 87%c'
t. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 90c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 85 %c f. o. b." afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth/ 87%c f. o. b. afloat. Cables and
-a little room covering opened wheat steady to
day, but subsequent heaviness- in corn, with
favorable crop news, predictions of a larg«
Northwest movement and general liquidation,
caused reactions, the close being weak, at %@
'%c net decline. March closed 83%c; May, 83%
(&84 3-16c, closed 83%c; July, 83 1 ,iei)84%c,
dosed, 83^0. \
HOPS— Firm. » -< -
HIDES— Dull. .
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull. No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
closed steady, with prices 5@lo points lower.
Total sales were 44,000 bags, including: • Feb
ruary,- 5.15c; March, 5.25c; April, 5.35c: May,
5.45c; July, 5.65c; September, 5.75@5.80c; Oc
tober 6.85c; November. 6.90c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, 3 8-lGc;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 ll-16c; molasses sugar.
2 15-16c. Refined was steady.
Chgo Term & Trn. 500 16 U ik lfiVi
CheoT &T pfd... 1.200 31 31' -iP
CC.C & SL.,exdiv. 4,i!0U 105% lu$V lU3»i
Colorado Southern. 4,000 10,- -I5«i 15%
Colo So 1st pfd ttOO B5?i ¦¦•65V «5v!
Colo So 2d pfd 1.W0 32$ . 31^- 3l|!
D«l Sl Hudson 200 174 M,.- 173^ ' 17'C
Del, Lack & West. 1.800 « 2*8^ 2S1 ' 2S4
Denver & Rio G... 1,700 ,46W* 44^ 44%
Den & Kio G pfd.. 7,500 03ij, 'J3' i«&
Erie Ss.300 IS*r* -S-Ji^'. 39 ii
Erie 1st pfd 3,100 «9^ «9% . ti9k
Erie id pfd 800 "67 56»» 56Vj
Great Northn* pfd. . 3CRV 1S8 ISSVs 18S"
Hocking Valley l,C<00' «9»i «? «8>i
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 84*?fe 84V4 84 .
Illinois Central 4,900 143^ 140% 142^
Iowa Central ....... 14,200 4+Si 42ft 43^i
Iowa Central pfd.. 2,700 78^ 77 .' 77 V<-
Lake Erie & W 1.000 "IV* *®l« e9lj
Lake Erl & W pfd. 200 137 V a 135 135
Louisville & Nash. 12,400 105Ni- 104«^ 105%
Manhattan piev... 20,000 130?r 134Vi 134%
Metropolitan St Ry lT3';i 171 172VJ
Mexican Central... 2,700 29V» 23*4 29
Mexican National.. 1.S00 17»i 111% 16;i
Minn & St Louis.. *i,5oO 108H 108 108u
Missouri Pacific »,600 Ift3=\i 103'i 103V*
Mo, Kar.» <t Tex. . . ' 100 24^ 24% 24Vs
Mo. Krdb & T pfd. 100 52% 52=i '52Vi
New Jersey Cent.. 200 195. 105 193
New Ycrk Central. 3.200 1G4VJ 1«3H l'W?i
Norfolk & Western. 3,300 67% 5t>?i 57
N & W pfd. ex div J»S>i
Ontario & Western.- U00 33% 33T4 W
Pennsylvania 14, l(to 151 l&O 150 V 4
Reaoing 18.500 57 «i 56% W5%
Reading 1st pld... 1,400 S2«a 82Vi S2\i
Reading 2d pfd 2,700 64 «3% 03%
St Louis & S F 500 «2*s <&% ' ?2%
StL&SF 1st pfd S4 R4 • S4
St. L & S F 2d pta 800 75?g 74% 75
St Louis Southwstn 26
St Louia Swstn pfd 300 59 58^ 5S»4
St Paul ....... 45,500 Hi7U H»% 166%
St Paul pfd 700. UCl 131 191 Vi
Southern Pacific... 5J>.l>0O lS>% *U% B5
Southern Railway.. 5,700 33?s ! -^^ •'«'/«
So Railway pfd 5,000 - !H 93*i »5
Texas & Pacific..: 700 ¦ :i»\% 3Z% 38%
Tol. St Louis & W. 600 21*4 21 » 4 21 1 *
Tol. -St L & W pfd. 4.000 40U, 39% 40«i
Union Pacific 35,9fM) 103» s JO2% 103%
Union Pacific prefd 3.400 00 89% *v9»;
Wabash 1O.4HO 23N« 23>,i 23%
Wabash prefd - If, 500 44V« ¦ 43% 44 Xi,
W & Lake Erie... 1,000 18% 18Vi 17%
W & L E 2d prefd. 100 ' 2SV. \ \ 28% 28 >i
WJs-Cen. prefd 100 40% j 40?i 40"^
Express Companies —
Adams "¦; 210 '
American 200 Zla 228 217%
United States 1.600 124»i 1113% 122%
Wells Fafgo 195
I Miecellaneous—
Amal Copper 67,600 TS^g ' 72ife 75T 8
Amer Car & F 300 29 28% -2S 7 g
Amer C & F prefd 1.100 87»i 87»i • 87%
Amer Linseed Oil.. 100 22 22 21%
Amer L, Oil prefd. . ¦...:¦. '..-.. 47%
Amer Loco., 1.500 32»i 32 51%
Amer Loco prefd.. 800 92^ 02 . U2\j
Amer SmClt SCR. : 3,»00 ' 47% 4614 ' 47i;
Amer S & R prefd. 30fJ 07% 07%' ' 07%
Anaconda Min" Co. . 700 ."kJT4 33V* S3S
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 19.SO0 «7% 6n' P6%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.900 87 ' HIS ¦-¦ SGI.
Consolidated Gas.. 2.000 219 218 217%
Con Tobacco prefd. 100 117 117 116%
General -Electric 1300 2K3%" 282 ' 2«J"
Glucose Sugar 9,400 48% 48% 48»i
Hocking Coal 4,200 • 18 . 1«5% 17%
Internat Paper 200 "19ii . : . 19% 19%
Intern Paper prefd. .300" 75' '•>74 ii -i.. 74*i
Internal Power 1.000 ST ' - 8G . s«J
Laclede Gas..,. ....'. :. >•;..: -pi
National Biscuit... 600 45% 45 > 45
National Lead , ' # -# 17%
National Salt....... ...:• .'..;' ....... so
National Salt prefd. . . •. . . . ' 04"
North American 100 ;. S3 "•- f>3 !>2'i
racific Coast MOO - 75'' ¦ 75- *. 74 '.
Pacific Mail ..'. .... ....'..,-. 1 .45U ;
People's Gas I. 3.200' 101W. ' 101. lftl-'
Pressed S C ex div;600- 40% 40 10. v
Pressed S Car prefd 4,700 84% 83% "- M»4
Pullman Palace Cor' 100 21flV* : - 219H 218 •
Republic Steel • i.prto ,]fl^ 16?| ¦ i«?4
Republic Steel prefd 60w «9 .09' 08»i
Pugar ; 13,000 130U 127% 129'
Tenn Coal & Iron.".'. 2,200 64% di 64
Union B & P Co... 2;500 15% 14% UK
U B & P Co prefd.. 100 74% 74% 74?I
U S Leather fcOO . 11% 11% nil
IT S Leather prefd. 600 Sl% 81% 81 it
IT R Rubber .... \\il
U R Rubber prefd .. XAvi
United States Steel l'.fcOO 44^ 43a; w§,
U S Steel prefd.... 8,000 04 'MK 93%
¦Western Union. 2,600 itl^g 9114 9114
Shares sold ..684,700 . .-
XEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2r reg 108% L & N unl-4s.'..,lfjii,i
Do coupon:, IO8V4 Mexican- Cent 4s.. 87%
Do 3s reg 108V+ Do l$t Inc.... 32'4
Do 3s coupon... 108',i M & fit L 4s.... 104
X)o new 4s reg. .1^9 M K & T 4s. . on
Do new 4s coup. 138 Do 2dn ki&:
Do old 4s reg.. 112 N T C lsts V.136»i
Do old 4s coup. 112 .- Do gen 3%s 103
Do 5« reg IOC N J.C gen 5s 109
Do 5e coup. ...106 . N Pacific 4b 105%
AtchiEon gen 4s. .103% Do 3s..-....; 75
Do adj 4s 94 N & W con 4s lf(3«
B &O4e 104%|Readin B gen 4s... 99
I» 3%B »«i,i 5t L & I M con 5s.ll5«..i
Do conv 4s 1OB\4 St L & S F 4s. . . . 9714
Canada So 2dg....llO St L Swetrn lsts. 98'«
Cent of Ga 5s 111 Do 2ds 971?
Do 1st inc 75% 8 A & A P 4s.... 9V*.
Ches & O 4%s....l08% S Pacific 4s BfcS
Chicago & A 3%s. 84V 4 S Railway fis... 120
C B & Q new 4s.. 96% Tex & Pac lets 121
CM&StFf 4s. 114 Tol St L & W 4s! 83»i
C & N con 7s 13S% U Pacific 4s 105%
C R I & P 4s.... 110% Do conv 4s 106%
CCC&EtLg4B.103% Wabash lsts 118x5
Chicago Term 4s. 87V 4 Do 2ds....:. 112
Colo & So 4s »2W Do deb B 699;
Denv & R G 4s.. 102^ West Shore 4s... 112
Erie j>rtor lien 4a. 98% V.'heel & L, E 4s 94
Do gen 4s f&% Wise Cent 4s.... 88*i
F W & D C lets.. 100^ Con Tobacco 4s... bVi
Hocking Val 4%b.108% . . "
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 1 Little Chief.!... 11 ¦
Alice 45 Ontario 6 7.V
Breece US JOphir ro
Brunswick Con . . 06 I Phoenix ........ 04
Comstock Tunnel 05»^ Potoel ]•> .•
Con Cal & Va...l 30 Savage ....:.... os
Deadwood Terra. W) Sierra Nevada..; 12
Horn Bilver. .. ..1 40- Small Hopes...-. 3f,
Iron Silver.....-, 64 Standard 3 40-
Leadville Con... 05 . ,
• BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — jUnited Fruit 87U
Call loans 3 @4 Weetlnghs Com . . . 86'
Time loans 3%(i4% .Mining —
Bonds — Adventure 22
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez 3%
Gas luts iS, Amalgamated 72»i
Mex Central 4s... 82 Baltic 39a?
N E Gas A. Coke. 54 Bingham 23&
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.635
Atchison 78',i ! Centennial ...:.,. 12%
• Do prefd 98% Coprj«r Range. .... 55%
Boston &. Albany. 2B2 Dominion Coal 70
Boeton & Maine.. 1!)2% Franklin 14%
Boston Elevated.. 1«3 Isle Royale.'. ..:.. 22(i
N T N H & H...210 MohawK 35
Fitchburg prefd.. 149 1 Old Dominion.. ... 22
Union Pacific 103 Osceoia ....,;.... S3U
Mexican Central.. 29 Parrot. . .'...' 31%
Miscellaneous — ¦ Quincy 140
American Sugar.. 129 Santa Fe Copper.. ."%
Do prefd 119 Tamarack .'.... ...235 ' {
Amer Tel & Tel.. 159 rtimounUin 73&
Dom Iron & Steel. XI Trinity .......... 13%
Genera! Electric. .282*4 United States...'.. 17
Mass Electric 35% Utah ....... .24%'
Do prefd 03 Victoria :'... R«
N E Gas & Coke. 4% Winona '1%
U 8 Steel 43% Wolverine ...51
. Do prefd H3%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. '1'".
Consols for I Louis & "Nash'. .'.". IO7'4
money ......... 34% M K &T. .;:..'. ...25%
Consols Tor •• Do prefd ..'..•..'. A4
account ..". 94 13-10 N Y' Central 10»
Anaconda 7 Nor & V.Vet. ..... 58%
Atchison ...: V.i% Do prefd ........ JJ5
Do prefd ... 1'iOVi Ontario & West.. 34%
Halt A- Ohio 107 So Railway ...... ;S3%
Canadian Pacific, .118% Do prefd ¦'. .'. »7
Ches & Ohio. 97% ! So Pacific .... 67 ,
Chicago G W 23% L'nion Pacific ....lo."»%
Cbi M & St P...; 170% Do prefd ........ &2%'
D & R G 4<! US Steel 44^,
Do prefd",...;.. 5H5 DoDrefd 1 . '. 'JH%
New York Grain and- Produce
Erie 4o*i Wabash 23
Do 1st prefd 71% Do prefd 4i%
Do 2d prefd.... 57& Spanish 4s. ....;. 77^
Illinois Cent 145 . »;.-••.,
Bar silver, quiet, 25i£d per ounce. .
Money, 2%@2% per cent. . -. ..- .
The -rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate 'Of discount in the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says*
Stocks to-day were fairly active and jlie«!r
ful, with a reviving interest in Kaffirs. • Amer
ican shares were slightly brisker and firm on
New York orders, save in the case of Southern
Pacific, where profit-taking caused some heavi
ness. Denver and Rio . Grahde was In demand
and Union Pacific also was good.; .
Rio Tintos sold at 45% and • copper was
steady. ."¦ , • ¦ . -. •
There was no change in money conditions,
but the market' is still borrowing from the
bank and as a - result that institution has a
firm grip on the market * • ' _ -\
New York Money Market.
NE W ' YORK. Feb. 7.— Close : . ¦ " Money, . on
call was steady at 2»4@2# per. cent. Prime
mercantile paper,.' 4®*^ per cent. Sterling
exchange was flrnv at the decline, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87>*@4 87 V*
for demand and: at $4 84%@4 84% for. sixty
days. Posted rates. $4 85% and $4 8S. Com
mercial bills,- $4 83% @4 84%.' Bar silver,
051,4c. Mexican dollars. 43% c. '..
Bonds— Governments, firm; States, strong;
railroads, Irregular."-. :. ; . ' ¦ ' ' .-.
Condition of the_ Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury, balances, exclusive of
the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the division
of redemption, shows : Available cash bal
ance. $177,926,008; Cold, $87,935,117.
LIVERPOOL, . Feb. 7.— Wheat, eteady; No. 1
Btandard California, 6s 3d@6s 3%d; weather In
Encland, fine.
Receipts of wheat during the past three
days, 164,000 centals, Including. 144,000 Ameri
can. » • • . * ..
LONDON. Feb. 7.— Consols, 94 13-16; silver.
25%d; French rentes, lOlf 17%c; cargoes on
passage, heavy . and depressed ; cargoes No. i 1
standard California, 30s 3d; cargoes, Walla
Walla,. 29s.
HOPS— Pacific Coast, firm. £3 10s@£4.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON
i TACOMA. Feb. 7.— WHEAT— Nominally un
changed; bluestem. 64V6c; club, 63c.
! PORTLAND. Feb. 7. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 64@65c; blueitem, 66c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank of England rate lower.
Local stocks and bonds quiet. Wall street ¦¦firmer.
Shipment of $272,327 in specie to China.
Exchange and Silver about the sdmeiylf/;
Wheat and Barley dull and featureless.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Not enough rain yet to lower Hay.
Feedstuff s quiet ai previous prices.
Beans and Seeds still neglected. . ' /
No further change in Butter and Cheese. Eggs ivcok.
Dried Fruits and Raisins firmly, held.
Provisions very quiet here and: at Chicago.
Hogs firm. Other Meats unchanged.
Coffee market in an unsatisfactory condition.
Potatoes firm, Onions easier and Vegetables in light supply.
Oranges firm and in demand. Limes quiet. Bananas weaker.
Poultry rather weaker. * .;!x' ; . •; '
Final returns of commercial failures during
January, exhibit an exceptionally large num
ber of Insolvencies and also an unusual urr.uunt
of defaulted institutions. In manufactui»ng
linea there were 264 failures, involving $6,
308,948, an increase of $l,B07,964 over the lia
bilities. last year. Defaulting traders num
bered 1120, with liabilities of $7,116,972, an In
crease of 172 in number and $1,805,168 In
amount. Miscellaneous failures were 50 in
number and $883,591 In liabilities, exceeding
January, 1901. by 10 In number, but showins
a decrease of $321,442 In defaulted liabilities.
. Compared with the • erratic course of ths
cereals during the preceding . month er two,
the produce markets have been quiet this weak.
Exporters of wheat evince a disposition to wait
for easier terms. • -.-¦.. ¦ ¦:. •
i While some hides at Chicago arc again easy
In price, there is evidence of . some improve
ment in the. situation. ¦' ..... .
Famine conditions exist in the market for
plgiron. It is doubtful whether there ever w«i
a time in the history of the nation when this
metal was so scarce. ¦ .. I, . ¦'- •••„. -.
Interruption to railway traffic and outdoor
work by severe storms was the only unfavor
able factor In the business situation daring the
past week, while manufacturing activity and
distribution through retail channels was un
diminished. .Reports from these arc especially
encouraging, but a few Southern points are
slow to exhibit Improvement. Railway earn
ings continue their monotonous increase, for
January gaining 7.2 per. cent over last ¦ year
and 24.2 per cent over 1800. The fouttS. week's
earnings were somewhat reduced by bad
weather. ' •
# — : ; — *
/i NEW- YORK. Feb. 7.— R. G. , Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 200
bags C*>sta Rica, 2.U Nicaragua. 2017 Salvador.
S410 Guatemala, 321 Mexican and 5512 bag*
of other kinds; in all 10.S12 bags", as a.sainst
903a same time last year."
To-day's first hand asking prices are: Oo*ta
Rica — 14©15c for strictly prime to fancy
washed <n*>w crop); llH@12 l -ic nominal for
prime washed; 10(-jf»lle nominal for good
washed: — (313c for good washed (new crop):
10 : V3@12^c nominal for good to prime washed
peaberry; DHQl&Hc nominal for fair to prime
peaberry: 10<2?lle nominal for good to. prime;
b,M,i§'JVtC nominal for fair; 6'g7 1 ic for common
to ordinary. Salvador— 12'ifH 13c nominal for
strictly prime washed; 10ii,t$l2c nominal for
good to prims washed: 9S1W nominal for fair
washed: lOH&HHc nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry: 9%@10^e nominal for good
to prime semi-washed; !>«gO Vic nominal for su
perior unwashed: — fiS^c fcr good green un
washed; U@9?ic for good to superior unwashed
peaberry: 6@7c for common to ordinary. Nica
ragua — 12®15n nominal for prime to fancy
v.-ashed; t»3i@llc nominal for fair to strictly
good washed; SVigOc nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; »@9Uc nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican — 12V4 i gi5 1 /ic for prtme to fancy
washed (new crop); HVi«?12c for strictly good
washed rnew crop): ll&UVic for good washed
(new crop): 9>,£tf|10e for fair washed; 8<S8c for
medium: tiiSTVjc for inferior to ordinary lou.
i??12c for good to prime washed peaberry: O'Wt
10c nominal for good to prime unwashed paa
berry; &^@9Uc nominal for good to superior
unwashed.
"Lnless receipts in Brazil soon diminish the
maximum estimates of 14.23O.ouQ to 15.000,000
for the present crop (1901-02) seem likely to
be realized and buyers have for the time being
lost sight of the prospects of a lighter crop,
or crops, to follow.
"The causes leading to the decline, were,
primarily, large receipts both at the ports and
in the interior of Brazil and the Increase" in the
world's visible on January 1 of 134,000 bags —
the reverse of both being anticipated. Dullness
of trade and failures In Europe also contrib
uted toward the situation.
'•Markets have changed decidedly against the
article since our circular of January 6, and
prices at distributive points have suffered se
verely. Brazils in New York being lc to l'ic
per pourftl lower. Milds have naturally felt a
sympathetic Influence, and a practical one.
also, whenever pressed for sale. Confidence iu
the future has been badly upset among buyers
and first hand pales here during the past thirty
days barely total 75CO bags of all kinds.
COFFEE — C. E. Btckford's circular gives the
receipts at ,this port thus far this year at 5252
bags, against 16.2US during the same time last
year. The sales from first hands were 4S&J
bags, against 01)72. The stock in first hands
February 1 was 11.07B bags, against 10.6S7.
The circular says: ¦»
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for las*
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnoa.
halt-barrels, 5.3Oc; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
PORTLAND,' Feb. 7. — Clearings, $145,873;
balances, $51,182. I
TACOMA. Feb. ,7.— Clearings, $202,258; bal
ances, $31,102. ' .
SEATTLE, Feb. 7.— Clearings, $400,723; bal
ances," $95,217/ *' ' -"'¦-¦ -_>• '
SPOKANE, Feb. 7.— Clearings, $229,550; bal
ances; $10,581. ; :
Northern Business.
ST. JOSEPH, .Mo. Feb. 7.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, ' 600; steady. Natives, $3 75©6 90;
cows and heifers. $1 50@5 50; veals. $3 75®
ti 50; stackers and feeders, $2@4 75. ¦"-.
HOGS — Receipts, 10,000; 10c lower. Light
and light mixed, $5 76@6 15; medium and
heavy. $6 10@6 45: pigs. |3 75@5 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1100; steady.
ST. JOSEPH
decline. Good to . crime steers, $6 50®7 20;
poor • to medium, 1 $4@6; stockers and feeders,
$2 50@4 30; cowa,. §1 23@0: heifers, $2 50@
5 25; canners', §1 25@2 75; bulls, $2 25@4 55;
calvee, ?3 50@7 50; Texas fed steers, $4 25@G.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 45,000; to-morrow,
37.000; left over, 2500. Opened 10@15c. lower;
closed steady. Mixed and butchers', $6@e 66;
good to choice heavy, ftt 10@C 55; rough heavy,
$6 10@t5 25; light. $5 76@5 85: bulk of sales,
$5 })0@6 30. ¦.;¦.;.;...
SHE EB-^-Reeelpts, t 4000. Sheep and lambs
6tron«. Good to choice -wethers, $4 60@5 60;
fair to choice mixed; $3 80@4 65; Western
sheep and clippings, $4 25@5 65; native lambs,
?2 50@6 50; Western lambs, $5 25@G 40.
Canadian failures for the week numbered 29.
as against 48 last week and 34 in this week
a year ago.
-.Business failures in the United States for
the week number 247, as against 303 last .week.
250 in this week last year, 131 in 1000 and 103
in 18W. - - • -.-.-: ¦ ¦
increased weight of coffee supplies has caused
another reduction in that product. . . ... ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1902:
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Dun's Review of Trade.
¦ w ¦¦
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bank Clearings.
Chicago Grain Market.
Bradstreet s on Trade.
Foreign Futures!
11
Business in local stocks and bonds wa3 fair,
especially In ther afternoon. wh«»n Alaska. Pack
ers' wa« lower at *ti!7f) lt-:f> and Soring Valley
Water 'at ?87 50, and California Wine higher
at 50S... There was nothing' new In the oil
storks. . :.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Ne
vada County Oil Company was held yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Feb. 7.— 2:30 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. • Bid. Ask.
4a qr coup.. 112 112*s 4a qr c (new) !.":¦» tilDiJ
is qr res 112 It2ty 3s qr coup. . 1C3 ft UK) .
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, "No. 2—
February- '. •••• '•••, i*<*
May "«Vi 78% 77%, . <•»!
Sily I.......... 78Mi - 7S»4- 77?fe 78
May rn .-. N '?'-.^ 63% 63* «**' 62^
July - 63V* 63U 62^ 02Vh
September 62i' s 62!* 61 \% 61%
Juty :..:....... 3S^ I 33%, 37H 374
September 32%. | 32ft 32',s 32V*
Mess pork, per bb'-— , »-,, .'. \i ««
May .15 t»0 15 97J,i 15 S7>/j 1!5 90
July it; 00 18 05 . 15 92>i 15 97!i
Lard. per. 100 lbs— £
May ...9 50 9 ."52 >4 9 i'Vj 9 50
July 9 60 0 60 9 57% ¦ 9 57%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
May 8 BO 8 57 Vi 8 50 8 52V4
Julv 8 62}, 8 67H'8.62*a 8 62U-
IAHX
Ik
'rv
STATIONS. ~
n . .
Astoria 29.64
Baker 29.!<2
"arson 30.06
r'resno 30.22
r'iafCitafT ....30. OS
Poeatello. I<2a.30.04
Independence .30.02"
L^s Angeles .30.18
Phoenix .40.04
Portland 29.74
Red Bluff 30.00
Roceburs . 29. 82
Sacramento ..30.12
Salt Lake 30.00
Jan Franciseo.30.14
S L. Obl*po..30.22
San Diego ...SO. 14
Seattle 28.70
.Spokane 29.92
Neah Bay ...29.54
Walla Walla.29.90
Winneinucca .29.5*4
ruma 30.02
¦ S EC O 3
*^ti H5" <|P . 3
3s33 ?J Z «
•3- 3 : § if*- I
: : : T : ?"
54 40 SW Rain Tio
42 32 SW Rain .11
48 30 S Cloudy »T.
62 42 >* R&ln .08
44 14 \V Clear .00
44 34 SE Cloudy .08
52 30 S Pt Cidy .00
m 38 W Cloudy .00
72 38 NK" Clear .00
48 38 S- Cloudy .40
M 5<^> SE Cloudy .22
52 36 SE Cloudy .78
64 M SE Rain .11
f>2 32 SW Cloudy .»J0
C5 48 S Cloudy .48
62 42 K Cloudy T.
R6 46 NW Clear ,«0
48 36 W Rain .60
S8 22 E Cloudy .04
46 40' E Clear .70
40 28 S Rain .01
52 36 W Rain T.
74 40 \V Clear .00
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, "No. 2—
February- '. •••• '•••, i*<*
May "«Vi 78% 77%, . <•»!
Sily I.......... 78Mi - 7S»4- 77?fe 78
May rn .-. N '?'-.^ 63% 63* «**' 62^
July - 63V* 63U 62^ 02Vh
September 62i' s 62!* 61 \% 61%
Juty :..:....... 3S^ I 33%, 37H 374
September 32%. | 32ft 32',s 32V*
Mess pork, per bb'-— , »-,, .'. \i ««
May .15 t»0 15 97J,i 15 S7>/j 1!5 90
July it; 00 18 05 . 15 92>i 15 97!i
Lard. per. 100 lbs— £
May ...9 50 9 ."52 >4 9 i'Vj 9 50
July 9 60 0 60 9 57% ¦ 9 57%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
May 8 BO 8 57 Vi 8 50 8 52V4
Julv 8 62}, 8 67H'8.62*a 8 62U-
IAHX
Ik
'rv
STATIONS. ~
n . .
Astoria 29.64
Baker 29.!<2
"arson 30.06
r'resno 30.22
r'iafCitafT ....30. OS
Poeatello. I<2a.30.04
Independence .30.02"
L^s Angeles .30.18
Phoenix .40.04
Portland 29.74
Red Bluff 30.00
Roceburs . 29. 82
Sacramento ..30.12
Salt Lake 30.00
Jan Franciseo.30.14
S L. Obl*po..30.22
San Diego ...SO. 14
Seattle 28.70
.Spokane 29.92
Neah Bay ...29.54
Walla Walla.29.90
Winneinucca .29.5*4
ruma 30.02
¦ S EC O 3
*^ti H5" <|P . 3
3s33 ?J Z «
•3- 3 : § if*- I
: : : T : ?"
54 40 SW Rain Tio
42 32 SW Rain .11
48 30 S Cloudy »T.
62 42 >* R&ln .08
44 14 \V Clear .00
44 34 SE Cloudy .08
52 30 S Pt Cidy .00
m 38 W Cloudy .00
72 38 NK" Clear .00
48 38 S- Cloudy .40
M 5<^> SE Cloudy .22
52 36 SE Cloudy .78
64 M SE Rain .11
f>2 32 SW Cloudy .»J0
C5 48 S Cloudy .48
62 42 K Cloudy T.
R6 46 NW Clear ,«0
48 36 W Rain .60
S8 22 E Cloudy .04
46 40' E Clear .70
40 28 S Rain .01
52 36 W Rain T.
74 40 \V Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
¦> ~— OF OVER
100 1'SSEr HORSES
First consignment from D. Miller. Modoe
County, and consists of the finest looking,
soundest and best boned horses ever shipped to
this city. They are suitable for aU purposes.
They weigh from 1150 to 1500 lbs each, ages
range from 5 to 8 years. All solid In color,
gentle and broke to drive. Come and see them
and be convinced. They must be sold, no re-
serve. These horses are now on. exhibition at
the Exchange, . .
. SALE TAKES PLACE NEXT
MONDAY.... FEBRUARY 10,1902
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard Street. Near Third. San Francisco.
WM. G. LA YNO, Livestock Auctioneer.THE SAN . FRAN CISCO CALL; SATURDAY,! FEBRUARY 8, 1 902.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
30u Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
A39 McAllister meet ; open until 9:30 p. m.
"15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1041 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until (p.m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Xorthwest corner Twenty-secondhand Ken-
tucky Ftreet«=; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore etreet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL Notice. — California Comand-
«>iy No. 1, K. T. — Officers and mem- *CS&*
here are hereby notified to assemble ffj
In the asylum on SUNDAY. February »S
J>. at 1 :15 p' clock p. m.. for the pur- "^
pose of attending the funeral of our deceased
frater. SIR PHILO DENNIS JEWETT. By
order of the commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1. I. _V A
O." O. F.— Patriarchal Decree THIS
(SATURDAY) EVENING. /X
F. E. HIGGINS. C. P. f X
"'XELSIOR Degree Lodge No. .(jS2_§££_-
?. I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting _jJ_S_>Q_:
•"HIS fFATURDAY) EVENING.
Second desree. _" .,
W2J. B. CURTIS. D. M.
RIGGERS" and Stevedores' Union Association.
—A rpecial meeting will be held on SUNDAY
AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock, at 603 Front st..
to transact business of Importance. A full
attendance is requested.
P. F. WHEARTY. President.
HUGH McKEVITT. Rec Sec
BARBERS— Members of Local No. 148, J. B.
t U. of A. are requested to attend special
meeting MONDAY. Feb. 10. 1902. JAS. R.
BLEILY. Secretary.
AXNTTAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
gation Company will be held at the office of
the company. S27 Market st. In the city and
ccur.ty of San Francisco, State of California,
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1902.
«t the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose, of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ecsulsg year and for the transaction
of ruch other buFiness as may come before
the meeting. CEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company, No.
?29 Crocker building-, city and county of
Kan Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAT. the 10th day of February. 1902, at the
hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, aad
the transaction of such other business as
may ccme before raid meeting.
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United State* cr Canada «ne year for $1.
AGENTS WASTED.
XVAKTED — Experienced lady canvassers to ad-
vertUe a food product: traveling work; salary
End expenses; only those having had ex-
perience need apply. Box 3221, Call office.
WANTED — Portrait agents; wages and com-
mlgsion. 326 Hayes St. '
____________ .
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted; readings
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. V C. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gage*, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: leeal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; di\-orces a specialty :quick;c;uiet:
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Op»-n evenings byappointm ent;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. "W. HOWE. S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bills of sale; partner-
ships: deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston,619 -larket.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Ma sen.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt. : consultation free: no fees in advance.
———-___-_ ___
VTITH a capital of $3000 an agency for elec-
tric automobiles can be obtained. Address
103 Sar.yome e_
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased,
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES— ¦Contlnwea. - ¦.,
JOSEpirisTRAuK^ ~~ ~"~
850 Market st.. cor. 6tockton, -•
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Aeent.
Property bought end- eold.
Rents collected.
Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent.
Do you want to sell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on.
above address. • ¦ ¦ •
$13.000— PROPOSITION.
A first-class paying restaurant and bakery
in the best business part of the city; good
place for one or two good business men; in-
vestlgate. Call JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Markt.
$1500 — BAR and merchants' lunch In whole-
sale district: good paying place; investigate.
JOSEPH STRAUB, $50 Market, row. 5 and 6.
$900 — WINE and liquor saloon downtown; good
place for right party ;¦ low rent. JOSEPH
STRAUB. S50 Market st, rooms 5 and 6.
BEER and billiard hall on Market St.; very
reasonable; go and see It. Call JOSEPH
STRAUB. 850 Market St., rooms 5 and 6.
LODGIXG-HO-SES FOR SALE.
120 ROOMS on Saneome st $2000
100 rooms on Howard st 1500
34 rooms; Howard st 400
44 rooms; Stockton st 2100
32 rooms; Grant ave 3000
_5 rooms on Fourth St.... $1000; good paying
16 rooms on Sixth st $750; all full
14 rooms on Pine st $700; transient
58 rooms on Powell St.... $3200; good locatioa
22 rooms on Powell st. ...$1500; good location
10 rooms on Geary et $1100; fine house
9 rooms on Sixth st $350; good and cheap
10 rooms on Mason at. $750; any time; all full
50 more houses on list.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
A— ' Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 71» Market st. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
f state. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
FIVE SAMPLE HOUSES.
A 12 r.: N. of Mkt.: rent $30; clears $35.$300
50 r.; corner; rent $100; clears $150 mo...2S00
15 r.; N. of Mkt.: rent $65: clears $60... 1200
32 r.: rent $75; cor.; N. Mkt.; clears $80 mo.
23 r. : rent $40: income $110 600
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE. '
Call on US
Any House Sold on Payments
Call and Get Our Earge List
...We Have Houses in All Parts of City...
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms $300
68 rooms; corner; clears ?4O0 3H0t>
17 rooms; clears $75; only , 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450
10 rooms; swell; bargain 800
13 rooms; very good; rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.: phone John 531.
906 Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A — McDAJCIEL, SKIRM & CO..
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A: phone Mint 2811.
RELIABLS BROKERS.
Any house on our books on monthly payments.
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market st. ; only $1700.
23 rooms: elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only: modern building; must sell
this week.
Select list of lodging-houses. Call before
buying.
A. CAMERON & CO. "
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
Jit you have hotels, rooming: houses or busi-
ness to 6ell, list with us; buyers call; we can
suit you; clear titles guaranteed.
Lodging-houses and flats from 6 to 108 rms.
Prices from $225 to $12,000; money loaned,
1% per cent.
Boarding-houses from 8 to 88 rooms.
Prices from ?S50 to $9000.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
S50 Market Bt (Inc.) Phone Davis 28L
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New bouses to lease.
A— NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
BUYERS or sellers— Call on H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st. He can suit you.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seanca
Tues.. Fri., Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. 'WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant; sittings. Si;
letter, 52. 1164 O'Farrell et.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.; readings daily,
50c and $1; circle every night, 10c.
MRS. VALEUE. medium and palmist, will
guide you right, oOc. 1583 Market, near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE. 323 Ellis: readincs daily :
. DENTISTS,
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 027 Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able pricee; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain • crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. .-•'.'"
Painless extraction.
. : I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes forbes't crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt. .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly;. teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $460
. up; office-hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R.C.ANDERSON,
P., D. S., proprietor and manager. '
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot breakj
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 60;fllllngs,60c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bu?h—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3;- fllling<:, SOc.
DR, E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st.;. expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st. ;^ ¦¦¦-¦'¦
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext.. SOc: plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALLVS SCHOOL OF^LECTRICAL ENGI-'
NEERING — Theory, demonstration,- construe-
tion, laoratory and shop work; thoroughly
, practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. %
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month;. $50 life scholarship guajan-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing:, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 Market 6t.— Big
school because it's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Mine positions last week.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough, courses: complete equipment:
. all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pholan building.
'A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account' g: figures.
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue,
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay,' cyanide; day eve. : est. 1864. ' Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH. French, etc. Prof. De. Fillppe' s Acadero y
of Langua_es;320PoEt :estab'dl871 ;ablestprofs.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin; guitar. 'Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
'Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
EMPLO ' Y3IENT WANTED—MALE.
AA— YOUNG man, mastering four languages,
proficient correspondent, extensively traveled, .
United States, Europe, Central America, de-
¦ sires employment. -.Box 3230, Call office..
2 FIRST-CLASS cooks would like positions as
first and second: hotel, boarding-house or
camp; country preferred. Apply at 638 Clay
St.; phone Main 1101. ; ':.¦:¦¦»-¦
HANDY young man 25 wants steady position
for mornings between 7 and 12 o'clock. Box
3240, Call office. , . ' -
MIDDLE-AGED man want* employment where
work is not heavy; some experience minding
invalids. Box 3205. Call. - - ¦ - . ¦
STRONG young man wants position: warehouse
. preferred. Address box 3206, Call office.
EXPERIENCED oyster and short-order ' cook
wants place. ROMAIN, 1115 Market st.
YOUNG man wants to learn bakery business."
Box 3253. Call office. • '
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes work near 420
Stanyan et.' L. W., 810 Stockton st.'
JAPANESE wants to wait at table and do
housework. 1026 Larkin St.; tel. Larkin 1331.
"iY>UNG Japanese boy wants situation as school
boy. , Adiress DPI, 423 Stevenson st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
¦ Valencia st. ¦ > - ¦
FOR sale or exchange for. San Francisco prop-
erty, a beautiful Oakland 10-roomed (corner
. residence: lot 75x100: good condition. Box
2402. Call office, Oakland.
LOCOMOBILE worth $950 to exchange • for
first-class carpenter work. Box 3222, Call.
_^^^^
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
. stock brokers. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
• porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9. Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
$25—1517 GOLDEN~GATE ave.; middle flat. 4
rooms; piano, pantry, garden, etc. $15—
Lower flat, 2 rms, pantry; water free; 1 to 4.
MODERN newly furnished 6-room flat for sale;
cheap. 647' Ellis st.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in~oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
SEWING machine, splendid "condition: feather
bed, best, clean: large oil heater. 075 Post.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 13ot.
D.' & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the wo. id.
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Orant ave.
HELP WANTED-— FEMALE.
A HEAD waitress, commercial hotel $30
head waitress, country hotel $25
30. waitresses, city and country $20-$25
.10 waitresses. Southern California $20-$25
2 chambermaids. Southern California. %
fare paid $20
2 starch ironers, , Southern California, %
fare paid $30
Cook and nursegirl, same house $40
| Woman with a child $15
Cook for 2 men (see party here 11 a. m.). .$15
Cook (all grown) $30
Others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A WORKING housekeeper for widower and 2
children, aged 12 and 13, and cook for 4 hired
i men, $20, gee party here 10 a. m.
j C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
i MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
i HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 waitresses, commercial hotels, south, $25,
fares raid; 2 more waitresses, Coronado, $20,
rates fare; 18 other waitresses, city and
country, $20 and $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nursegirl, two children, $25, choice place: 25
cooks and housegirls. city and country. $20.
$25 and $30. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st.
A NEAT young saleslady for candy store; no
experience necessary; $7 week to begin. . '. '.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED — Nurse, care for lady with rheuma-
tism, S30 and found; Scotch or North of Ire-
HELP WANTED— -MALE — Con.
A — MURRAY & READY.... Phone Main P848
¦ r ./Leading Employment" and Labor Agents.
':,...'. ....OFFICE OPEN 7A.M.'..........
3 single hand miners. ... ..;..... $'»
Coachman, private family ....$35 and found
8 milkers, $25 and $30; furnace man for
mine, $75;. 3 pruners; butcher and drive
wagon, country shop, $40 and found; 5 cooks,
waiters and kitchen help.
WOODCHOPPERS — FARE PAID.
5 woodchoppers, redwood, SOc; pine, $1 15
. per cord. - . ¦•"• -
WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS. .
BIG WAGES CAN BE MADE. . " ''¦¦
Largest and best camp in California.
: 75 men to chop wood, . make posts and ties,
. level ground, virgin timber, good job; prices,
, redwood, 80c, pine $1 25 per cord; ties 10c to
ISc'each: chean fares./
MURRAY & READY. C34-63R Clay st.
TRUSTWORTHY person each county to man-
- age. business old-established house; bona-flde
weekly cash salary $18 paid each Wednesday
with all expenses from headquarters; money
advanced for expenses. Manager, 339 Caxton
building, Chicago. % '-;/' '¦
WANTKD — Five- young boys for general work;
only boys of good character need apply. Call
: at California . Barrel Factory. Twenty-second
and Illinois sts. \;
WANTED— Reliable, man with $150; light
work;. no experiencs " necessary. 1032 Mar-
¦ ket st., room 4. f
WANTED — 2 industrial insurance men: salary
I and com. 0 to 5 p. m., 81D Market, room 45.
WAN'I ED— Bright boy for wholesale house.
Box 3260, Call office. / » ¦
WANTED — Strong young fellow to learn *
Apply 53"Tehama. st. . .
BOOTBLACK .wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day: good , guarantee. , 1048 McAllister st.
ERRAND boy wanted at 2011 Fillmore st.
BARBER from 5 Saturday night to Sunday 12.
414 Montgomery et.
Experienced sash and door maker. 1NGLER &
YOUNG. Fourth and. Washington. Oakland.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Young" boy to assist in delivery de-
partment of a wholesale house; must be
. bright and live with his parents. When ap-
plying state age. and references. Box 3231,
Call office. , ; ;
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed:
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles, Cal.
FOR SALE — Two chair barber shop; best pay-
ing shop in Vallejo, Cal. ; only reason for sell-
ing, other business; best chance in the State.
Inquire Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
• mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
OPTICIAN of first-class appearance with own
stock ¦ or to work on commission for firm in
kindred business. Address box 3211, Call.
WANTED — Good blacksmith for general tool
work; accustomed to working tool steel. Box
3248, Call office.
CANVASSERS wanted for a new gas burner;
big money for enersetic men. Apply room 8,
220 Sutter St.. bet. 10 and 12.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $90:
take cash and assist in restaurant; $40
month; no experience. BROWN 1221 Market.
WANTED — Sober young man with $375 -for
Market-st. saloon; $75 month: no experience;
big snap; come quick. BROWN, 1221 Market.
A WHEELWRIGHT and woodworker: good
wages. 4610- Mission st. JOSEPH SCHEID.
BEST 2-chair barber shop south of Market;
. $100; leaving city. 1025 Howard st.
ATTENTION — Ex-vol. soldiers, for extra pay
1 apply at 630 Market St.. O. E. HOWE.
EXTRA pay now due U. S, Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-har.d army shoes,
SOc up; soling 20c up. 823 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st. - . -
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Buills. 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.K.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. ~
BIEDICAL— Con<l~in»d.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years', experience: instant relief guaran-
teed- home before and during confinement:
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 25
years' successful ¦ experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market St.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. 1126 Market st..,S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE.210 Stockton st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR _J AL^__
B^n^ERs".""englne^r~2_^hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
25 H.P. HORIZONTAL boiler and engine; all
complete ; perfect order tSOO
10 H.P. upright boiler and engine: ready to
run: fine shape * lt>0
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents *« ar -_ n i!, ch i ne ™iiJl^r
gines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock: installment-; j»l»ar<l
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A — NEW pearl opera glasses $3. HARRIS*
Loan Office. 105 Stockton st.
BOOO TO 10,000 feet of 3, 3>/£ and 4 Inch pipe.
108 Vallejo st. .
3 FRESH cows for sale, with calves. J. T.
PERLE. Angel Island. ;
SOME nearly paid-up Tontine Savings Assn.
contracts. Address Savings, box 3225, Call.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
2' BUILDING lots, Exfc?lsior Homestead. t-»
exchanre for rooming-house. 313 27th st.
A LOT of real antique mahogany furniture;
massive side bed. 313 27th St., near Church.
THOROUGHBRED Scotch pup3. 1167 Stan-
yan st.
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c: paperhanglng, paint-
ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster: tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures/ L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont'gy.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and' 2d-hand.
and launches. J. K. DOAK. 306 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale at.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krosh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD „ BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
: > '';'.' MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Of flee, 25 Stockton Ft.; pbone Bush 4S4.
WANTED— A portable baker's oven; state
price. 127 Arlington st.
FINELY carved Ivory Image 12 or 14 Inches
high; must be cheap. Box 3213. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-band clothlns and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth tt.: tel. Jessie 2851.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
FOR sale — Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada County. 15 miles north of Auburn: 2
patented claims, b-stamp ' quart- mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
for inspection. Further particulars from A.
MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal.
MIXES AXD MINING. ~
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bl_.. S
F. ; branch office, Nome, Alaska, season 1002.
HERMAN MUKraY, Gtf* ExamlneT'bulTdingT
$4.000. UOO at lowest ratej
on tirst and second mortgages ......
MUSICAL INSTRTTMENTS Con.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
_ Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
Pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickertng. Mason
A Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos.
A FINE Urge upright. $150; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
In use only a few months, $275; new pianos
to rent, $3 50; squares, $1 50 and $2: Beck-
steln babv grand, almost new. BOWERS A
SON. 23 5th st.. agts for Ivers & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict,
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they most
go; easy payments; other storage uprights $40
up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
WE have a large shipping order for old squars
and upright pianos; will buy or exchange.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st. ,
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
yard: values best in the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and"Church.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. 172> Mls«n
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month-
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
$175 — A RARE chance; fine upright. 8CHMITZ,
lo McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.-
MULLER. maker, repairer. S Lathan place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Stelnway hargalna.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand; in good order: all
sl2es: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building, 927 Market st.— Of-
fices with modern conveniences. $15 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
CASTRO, 536. near Eighteenth— Large store, 3
rooms and bath.
SUNNY offices Just below , Kearny st. ; $10;
also large store. Keys 636 Clay st.. room 1.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2033.
H JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Rooms" papered $3 up: whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St. : tel. Red 3821.
Papering room, $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
sonble. Painter. S03 Stanyan; tel. Park IS.
PH*' S1CIAXS Ayp SURGEONS.
ABSOLUTELY FREE CONSULTATION— All
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all mediclnea myself.. DR.
FORDEN. No. « Turk St.. corner Mason.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
turgeon. at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market »„. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: sj-»
testimonials at office. 115-117 Maso-.nr.EIIla.
rERSOX r 4LS ' "*
AX elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$13; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other salts on install-
ments, $1 weekly: L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELE£TRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hqtel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; SI SO to SS per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A — WHAT do you think O. BERMAN. 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
SHOULEKthls meet the eye of THEODORE
ALLEN, please send your address. Box
3272. Call office.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent: . painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley, 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
icuring.. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLfi.
SHAMPOOING In 10 minutes, warm air, price
KIk" hatrrirtxsinir. anv stvle 2r«- • nwltrhM.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$S50; HOME restaurant and delicatessen store-
2 rooms; rent $30; near Geary and Leaven-
worth £U>. ; a good paying business; rare
chance for man and wife. Apply R. G.
WILKE, 26*4 Kearny et.
A— $800; DAIRY, produce and delicacy store
on Hayes Bt. ; rent $20; living rooms; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $450: RESTAURANT on Fourth eU. close
to Market: rent $30; good paying business:
value in tight. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A— $3000 ;DRY goods and notions store; best
location; stock will in\-oice the price: sickness
compels owner to leave the city. Call R. G
WILKE. 23% Kearny gt.
A — ?750; SALOON establ. years; dose to Kear-
ny and Bush ets. Call R. G. WILKE, 26*1
Kearny et. „ . , '.-. '"¦
A— $150; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth St.; rent $25: daily receipts about
$25: owner to leave for Nevada. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
A — $600; CHOP and oyster bouse; dose to four
theaters: a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, goo* will for
$400; ctock at Invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years: first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st,
FOR sale— Old-established saloon, half or
whole: flrst-clafs location; must be sold at
once. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.;
phone 5133.
FOR sale at a great sacrifice; a liquor store
and falcon on Sixth St.; must be sold with-
in three days. Call and make an offer. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market st.. rooms 1 & 2.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy et_. rooms 18 and 19.
Hctelp, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
Ftores, ciga$ stores, ranches oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
$3<XK> — GOOD paying, well stocked grocery and
bar: North Beach district; long lease. Apply
WICHMAN-. LCTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay st.
f 375— DELICACIES and produce store; near
new Postofflce; 4 rooms. H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market et.
GOOD chance — A Yukon pioneer, 8 years' ex- !
P*rte_ce in Alaska; have erood mining nroo- I
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: Fittings daily: test to all to-night;' 10c.
CLAJIRVOYANTS. ~~
A 3Oc — 50c — 50c — A
PROF. BROCKWAY. Prof. Brockway,
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough. |
Offers for a short time only readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and S p. m. daily; Sundays, 10 a.m.
to 12 p. m.
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Readings which lor detail, exactness, truth,
Interest manifested in each individual case,
round advice end counsel are not equaled in
this city at any figure. Pi of. Brockway tells
you what you want te know, eliminating ali
uninteresting features and not tiring you
with matters entirely Irrelevant to tlie case
In bend, as has been the case in readings
you bave had in the past. Prof. Brockway
reads your past, present and future.
_________________________
KNOW THY FUTURE ~~"
And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT — PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domtstic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN tha man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
eecret how to control or Influence any one
you love or meet: no charge unless you find
him «__erior to all others. Hours, 10 to 7
daily; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13.
14, first floor, 1104— MARKET ST.— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zmkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~ "~—
THE FAMOUS , .
Clalrvoyant«nd business medium, permanently
located at 117 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. . Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4563.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
28; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nlsht class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'R Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F. :
founded isret: n°— ' en-— ¦»«-» >»o»aln<— ic free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. !
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks !
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshlta, 1233 Page/cor. Lron; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years. I
Tel. Main 1807. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japane.s-Chlnese Emp.Ofnce, 415 Stock- |
ton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help, j
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and!
waiter. H21 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135. |
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Or- i
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188. |
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 521 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman: elderly neat economical
cook; experienced housekeeper: used to chil-
dren: wishes position: references; wag*s $12
to ?15. Box 3270. Call office. •
A WOMAN wants a position playing piano.
Address 292 Natoma fit. ; good accompanist;
city or country.
COMPETENT English woman would' like a
position at general housework In American
family: no objection to children. Apply 393 \
Sixth Et. ; .
TAILORESS desires position ¦• with tailor to
l*arn vestmaklng. E. L., Call office, Ala-
¦ nieda.
REFINED young lady wishes position as sec-
retary or companion to invalid; some experi-
ence. Winchester Hotel, room 556.
YOUNG woman wishes a place to work in a
pantry In hotel or restaurant. Call or write
to 15 Minna st.
WANTED — Home for young girl 13; will do
light housework after school in exchange for
room and board. Box 3256, Call office.
WINCHESTER House,- 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 CO
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
land second girl, $25; German cook, no wash,
$30: .'5 German nurses and second girls, $20
and $25; waitresses, country and city, $20 and
$25, and a large number of girls for house-
work and other places, city and country. $20,
$25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted who will also do
some' plain washing; good" wages; small
family; references required. ' Call after 12
1S09 California st. :-
WANTED — In law office, bright, willing young
lady of good appearance, manners and educa-
tion. Address in own handwriting box S_6C,
Call office, .stating qualifications.
WANTED — A young, strong and ambitious wo-
man of good appearance as an assistant and
to study ma£<age and therapeutics; steady po-
sition; state salary expected. Box 3263, Call.
SHIRT operators wanted: good wages: steady
employment. M. J. KELLER CO., 1028 Mar-
ket St.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework; one
that can sleep at home. Apply 677 McAllister
,st., upper floor.
WANTED — Experienced intelligent weman as
¦ attendant on patient. Apply between 1 and 3
at 2302 Clay st.
RELIABLE girl, 15 to 17; light housework";
family 3; $10. 514 Hermann st.
WANTED — Girl to assist in store and with
children; wages §12. 2S08 Twenty-fourth st.
TV A ITRESS. Institution, country; wages $25.
Call at 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
WANTED — Girl for light housework; small
. washing; $lft. ll.'Q Alice st-. Oakland.
WANTED — First-class hairdressers and ap-
prentlces. Apply at HALE BROS.'
HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT from A to Z in 2
weeks; course, $5, including manicuring,
massage, weaving, ventilating, switch and
wig making; positions guaranteed; no false
promises: our pupils are our living advertise-
ment, filling positions and in business for
themselves all over the city: day and eve
classes. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE.
233 Geary st.. rooms 13-15. ¦ ¦ ;'
OPERATORS at' Levi Strauss &.Cp/s Overall
•Factory. 32 }£ Fremont St.; no. experience
necessary; good pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. ;¦;¦;
CAL. College of Hairdressing and Massage. Ida
GET your shoes half-soled' while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and _d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2<1 sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c nlgrht: reading rooms;
free 'bus. and baggage to and from ferry,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscrlctions has been established . at 1005
Valencia st.
HORSES AND "WAGONS^
AT the Mascot Stable. 110(5 Golden Gate ave.,
near Buchanan st. — 1 light rubber-tire buggy
. and harness: 1 trap, trap harness, robes and
whip: beautiful sorrel horse 1614 hands,
weight about 12OO, as fast as any of the trot-
ters that you will see on the speedway. Call
early, as this is a bargain.
JUST arrived — 72 head well broke horses:
weight from 1150 to 1500 lbs.: suitable for
laundry, express, milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 Howard st. -
A LOT of horses for sale, at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st.: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — 21. good mules. Apply at 19th ave.
¦ anrl K St., or office of City Street Improve-
ment Co. , . v: r-'j ¦'. .
SANTA ROSA sale and stock yard; horses,
harness. and buggies bought and so!d. 1499
Market st., cor. Eleventh. Phone South 864.
WANTED — A' small neat laundry wagon In
good condition. 2125 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
FOR sale — 1375 Eddy St.; stylish single foot-
ing saddle horse.
DRUMMERS' pample gloves for sale at HEI-
NEMAN'S. 109 Sansome St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
MISSION, '2723 — House of 7 sunny rooms; new
. plumbing, large basement and yard.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE. 7 to 10 rooms, wanted by painter,
paperhanKer: where part rent would b» taken
• •• J-.ite iniere-tu in estates .........
Property beln_ held intrust
.... Undivided interests in real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probat-..
¦ ..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. MXi Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,(i00 at &i. & & per cent in sums to salt;
City, Oakland. Town and Country propert> :
second mortgages, life insurance anil securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red &024. MAX-
HATTA.V LOAN CO.. "th floor. Crocksr bids.
ANY AMOUNT. AT 6 PER CENT.
Fiist, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhero
R. McCOLGAN
........ 21 Montgomery St.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; tt per cent; lira:.
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle bl_. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.: phone Red 1C03.
HIGHLY rex.ectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
.lowest rate-. Baldwin Jewelry Store. &4>i
Market st. ; tel. ilaln 1644. Branch 19 Thirl.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods.without removal :oenfldentlal.
ORMSBY.26 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages. & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 027 Market, room fits.
ON" furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
ase; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
Money leaned salaried people without se>-irity.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal- no
commis. :confldentlal. Whitehead. 1710 Market
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
S1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: ¦ $15 up; no re-
wigs. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
10.0CO PERSONS oa whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 23S Sixth St.. room
11; call after 7 p. in.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. S_ 25. EASTERN OUTFTTTIXO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore..TT_ O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDTTJJS Egyptian Henna: restores jrray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists".
ACTIXA for sale by the A'Vida Company. 7(5;$
Valencia St.. corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;'
open afterncons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BO LING. 407B Hyd?.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists-.
Mrs. Brigsts — Superfluous hair, moles destroy»-1
by electric needle. 96S Sutter: tel.Larktn3i71.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
& molf s destroyed. . Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wi?*;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73-1 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's. th»atri-
cal costuraer. 20 O'Farrell: country order3.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 5!>!
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DP.. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN FaINT"
the best corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The W»ek7y
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or -~an»ria f»n* yenr for SI.
PROPERTY-OWNEKS A CON 1 RACT.;RS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney. I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot us;
expert In curing smoking or faulty flu»i;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick" and concrete work; fouidatlor.a
¦nd sidewalks specialty; brick put "under oUi
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor orcanizations: estimates fre«.
J. SMITH. 2-3S Mission, or box 2tiD. 313 Bush.
«. J. RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE CURE^-TREATMENT FREe!
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium. l_08
frty or. the Yukon, at Nome and at Golofnln
Bay -istrict; short of money to go back; will
giv» interest in my claircs: also on»-half
interrEt in what I may locate up there the
next 12 months for the loan of J?200. Par-
tioulars of C. H.. Commercial Hotel.
FOR sale— At a bargain for cash; first-class
large retail grocery In large town adjacent
to this city. 32 California street.
A BARGAIN — Grocery, branch bakery and
bar; two living rooms: established 16 years-
doing good business: cheap rent; must Bell
on account of sickness. Call 665 Mission st.
FOR sale— Hay and grain business; established
15 years; splendid retail location on main
retail thord-ghfare: capital required about
$1200. Address box S271. Call office.
EXPERIENCED business man will purchase
interest in . first-clacs established xnanuf ac-
turers' agency. Box 3258. Call office.
IF you want to buy a business or sell bo to
DECKER, fl21 Market ct. S t0
PARTNER for restaurant doing good business.
For particulars. 1S47 Mission st.
A SMALL fruit etore for sale; reasonable
637 Howard «t.
CUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the Eafect and most' profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO .
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st.
FOR SALE— $400; butcher shop; trade estab-
lished; good reasons for Belling; no agents.
Address BOUL.VNGEB. Market and Seventh
ets.. San Francisco.
NICE ci£_r stand on water front" for sale;
S275, worth $500; come and Investigate. 204
East et. ; no agents.
A — THIRTY cigar rtands that net $2 50 to- $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
FOR SALE— Electro-plating works for gold,
tllver and nickel; instructions If necessary.
O. D. FOX. Masonic building. Stockton,' Cal.
MACHINE 6hop for sale — Bargain; location S.
, F.; good reasons selling. 1120 Myrtle. Oakldj
WANTED— Partner with $500 In good paying
business, can draw out money in thirty
days; no experience necessary. Address L.,
room 218. Emma Spreckels building. .
GROCERY and bar. 4 living rooms; other bue-
lness. Corner Twenty-first and Alabama. .
PARTNER, good paying business. Call at 567
Sixth ft. . ; • ; ¦ -•
(600 — FOR tale: the Palace Restaurant, V«I-
leja, CaL ; great chance. P.O. box 273, VaUeJo.
IFMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 32GA Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
q'jes.*; full names: 50c-$l: 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 50c. $1. 234% Sixth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoj'ant, card reader: la-
dies 25c; gents DOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
SOc, $1 — Prof. Weller. clairvoyant, palmlst.eard
reader;mall orders;stamp for circ. 1007'/4 Mkt.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1363.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr.f4th.
MRS. MALLORY. 017 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c. G. 60c.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller.
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names Riven; 25oup.- 5 Fourth st. '
CARPET J BEATING AND CLE ANJNG.
WHEN you become disgusted "with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. S53-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating "Works— Cleaning,
renovated, relaid. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp, 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM _: CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S . Superior Carpet-cleaning i Works, 1
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and i Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th tt.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES. .
COLUMBIAN I-^TlmoTcollectloir Agency 6th
floor, 916 Market . st. ; a<_#lce free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927. Market st.
_v COTTAGES TO LETT '. . - •.-
TO let— Furnished cottage of 6 rooms and bath
at 3373 22d St.: reference required; open for
Inspection Sunday, between 11 a. in. to 1
p. m. and 4 to 5 p. m.
SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms and bath, large yard,
flowers, etc 782 Capp st., near Twenty-third.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements ana
tubscriptlont has been established at 1030
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A • MOST respectable Irish dishwasher of good
moral character who is a citizen that has
resided close- upon 20 years In California
wants a job as such at good wages in a
restaurant. Apply to MICHAEL BUTLER,
Lindell House, corner Howard and Sixteenth.
BY an experienced coachman and gardener, 6
years in one place East, 3 years In private
place here, 2 years in nursery, city, 3 years
foreman gardener in Oregon city park; all
first-class references. Address J. S., ' 809
Mission st. - r. •; .;
COMPETENT middle-aged man wants situa-
tion who understands gardening, . handling of
tools and horses or general man about place.
H. B., 013 Montgomery st.
PRINTER — Experienced Job and news man
wants position; city or country. Address
box 32G9. Cafl office. • ... - ;
STEADY man, 40, wishes position with whole-
sale Implement house; ¦ strictly sober. Box
."52C5. Call office. • ' ' .¦'..',
BARKEEPER, honest, sober and reliable, de-
sires steady position; city or. country. Box
3292, Call office. -
YOUNG man would like work-in cake bakery;
wages no object; has had some- experience.
Box 32C1. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese school boy. wishes place; light
work. YANAGI, 528 Stevenson St. ¦
POSITION wanted by an engineer and": ma-
chinist with 20 years' experience; nothing
less than,- $4 50 per day considered; have had
experience light, accurate tool-making, heavy
engine work, ice and mining machinery and
handling men. Address box 3392. Call office.
SOBER, "intelligent. Industrious married man
wants steady employment as salesman, ; por-
ter, night watchman or. run 1 an elevator;
good city references: ' wages $10 a week.-
A. B.» box 3297, Call office.
HEAD gardener, professional, ¦ with much ' ex-
perience in the . best gardens ; and nurseries —
' tree and floral — wishes, place • as gardener . or
foreman for a cut. flower concern; best of
references. Address P. R., '¦ box 3257. Call.
EXPERIENCED coachman and gardener, thor-
f>uphly reliable, with best of : references,
wishes poatlon on private, place; 3>6 years
last place. J Address W. W. C./box 3239, Call
' of flee. . 1118 Broadway, Oakland. .
STEADY man wants work; chores about house:
handy with tools; generally useful," etc. ; ref-
erences; small wages. R. G., box 3207. Call.
M. Blakesley mngr. ; graduate Prof. Paul Las-
cotte of N. Y. Girls change your occupation ;
learn the best ¦ profession for women; only 3
• weeks, $5; bring, add : worth $1. 305 Larkin.
WANTED — Operators' on woman's muslin un-
derwear; experienced only; steady work: elec-
tric power: good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212
Martiet st. - . . ¦
$25 TO $35 per week; five ladles and three
gentlemen: theatrical sketch: no experience
necessary. Caldwell College of Oratory and
Acting, Hoovery Hall, 1327 Market st.
COLLEGE of' Hairdressing; ' entire- course, 2
weeks, $5; day and eve. class. Call at room
1, 1 007^ Market st., near Sixth. ;.; ,
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCQ & HARRIS CO., 641
Market St. ;
TAILORESS as pants finisher. C% Kearny st,
room 17. ; :
A GERMAN, woman as governess ; state re-
llglon; salary $30. ¦ Box 2994. Call..
A GIRL for light housework and take care of
child. 1632 McA'ilister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 TOlmorc.
¦ HELP WASTED— MALE. .. " ;
2 ITALIAN pruners,. ?1 day and board; man
about place, $30 and found ; , gardener, . $35 to
?40 and found; 2 farmers and wives, $44 to
$50; milker. $35; American third-hand bak-
er, $9 'week and board; restaurant: cook, $30
and found, and others. •
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 6_S Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER. & CO.'S. 610 Clay st.
4 tannery, hands for* finishing leather.
2 pruners . for vineyard .....<......."....'.. $28
Dairyman for small dairy..." .. ...$30
Cook for bay boat.. . . .' ......:.. ....$40
2 woodcheppers, 4 ft. »wood....$l 25 a cord
Lunch cook, saloon. ......... .. ... ..:$20
EASY chance to make money: the best propo-
! sltlon on the market; $2 to $10 easily earned
dally; no experience . necessary ; be your own
boss and start business ¦ on , a capital of . from
60c to $20; come and .see for- yourself the
easy sellers I have. New York Novelty Co.;
room 1.-093 Market st. -
WANTED— -Experienced ¦ - domestic ¦ salesman.
Apply between' 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' -. .
ROASTER— A" first-class coffee roaster wanted.
Apply, stating experience and giving refer-
ences. L. & Co., box 3263,' Call office.
•WANTED — An experienced cutter ' on women's
.muslin underwear and wrappers. Box '3273,
Cull office. - : > .- ¦
. out . in work. Box 3250, Call office. . .
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, . this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 39. 139 Pnat St.. Llebes building.
'lost and found.
LOST — Clover leaf pin set- in diamonds at
Gaelic Dancing Club ball. Finder return to
526 Larkin St., and receive liberal reward.
LOST — A purse containing a sum of money, by
a one-legged cripple. Apply 137 Julian ave.,
off Sixteenth st. ; reward. ,---;¦;
LOST — Medal engraved Y. L. I. 7. Reward if
: returned to 1139 Folsom st.
LOST— Bunch of keys. Return to Call office.
LOST — Friday afternoon, one redstone ring,
' wire . setting. Return to 136 Powell ;. reward.
LOST— Gold ring . with 5 diamonds. ; fob and
locket: initials F. R. 520 Sansome sK: reward.
MATRIMONIAL. •."¦
GENTLEMEN " wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send* 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOW'S.
TO order, ¦¦¦ also .cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
¦ gt. : tel. Bugh 421. ¦ ' ..-*.. ;
MEDICAL. ~
LADIES— All who are sick or In trouble call &
. ¦ consult the specialist: the unfortunate helped;
relief In all cases ; taken ;¦ the most obstinate
- cases have been relieved by my* medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
. of ' a delicate nature; 'all -classes of - female
¦ 'complaints treated; relief to the longest cases;
• ;all private diseases in- both sexes .treated;
-blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate 'Of Royal -Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases: -takes-; ladles
before, and during 'confinement; best, care:
.confinement $15; rm.; board, .$5 wk.; infants
adopted; will, take 2 to work, at my private
resld.; 000 Guerrero, nr,' 18th : tel. Blue 411.
LADIES, 1 : consult the original ; MRS. DAVIES
: at the; old office, 1228 Market st.; ( 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
DR.- • and MRS.' ,-WEGENER, . ladies' i physician ;
' private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; now 112 Mason.
(my.*-,, iuuuh ciacn j.iw. jtoom si. '¦ Edgy.
$10 UP on. furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
O.. salaries. N. Y. plan: Indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal-
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without Indorser: other proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bl*.
LOANS monev on salary: no indorser; Eastern
; \VesternLoanCo^_3__Phelan bldg.
_«i^sicai_ ixsTrriMLr_n— ;^ts_
ALL makes: xent $2 up, credited If purchased"
installments S3 up; old pianos bought and
exchanged; bargains $25 up in Stelnway
Heine. Chlckerlng, etc.; agents wanted for
Krell. Heine. Hallet & Pavls and 20 other
makes: we give full cash discount if you can
pay $25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianos, for $137. HEINE PIANO CO "iT
Geary st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock
both new and second-hand, is the largest w»st
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, corn-r
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos. ' ~
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
: LESTER Pianos.
N HAMILTON Pianos
SPEILMANN Pianos
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-31_ P-st st.
NO matter what you may be in need of in the
way of a musical Instrument, w e have It. and
will sell at a very low price. You can buv
on payments If you desire. New and second-
hand pianos. Simplex piano players Olym-
pia music bbxes. Graphophones. Phonographs
Gramophones, in all styles. THE - ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
EVERETT. Hardman. Ludwig Conover Pack-
ard, Howard, Kinssbury. Straube Jewett
Cable. Steck. Smith and Barnes. These are
the popular pianos of the day. For sale only
by THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 031-033
Market st.
i ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
wlthl_ 2 years and. full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, ¦ at regular
price; o«sts you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from \-». KOHLER _ CHASE, 30 O'FarrelJ
st ; established 18-0. ;
Market gt.. rooms 5 and 6: new system.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
E. N. EMMONS & SON have moved from 11
Montgomery st. to room 4, 10th floor. Ml!!3
. -Ms?. Country real estate a specialty. W«
want more property and reliable correspond-
ents in all parts of California. E. N. EM-
MONS & SON, room 4, 10th noor. Mills bldg.
JSOOO WILL buy a $25,000 fruit ranch at Au-
burn. Placer County, this month: elegant im-
provements; 60 acres fruit In prime condition;
brings $5500 some years; see us quick. E. ?f.
EMMONS & SON. rm. 4, 10th floor.Mills big.
$_S,C0O WILL buy a ranch worth $90,000, near
Napa. right now; don't wait. E. N. EM-
MONS & SON. room 4. 10th floor. Mills bldg.
RANCHES — All kinds, sizes, prices: Improved
and unimproved: throughout North Calif or-
• nia. especially In Sonoma, Mendoclno, Lake
and Napa counties; come to see us for point-
ers: list full and complete. E. N. EMMONS
& SON. room 4. 10th floor. Mills building.
AT PLACERVILLE — 300-acre all-purpos*
ranch, close In; 45 acres choice early fruit:
cheap water plenty; large barn; small house;
horses, cow, wagons, tools; orchard renls
$1000 a year; new railroad will double value:
ask particulars quick: a snap to close estate;
$6000. E. N. EMMONS & SON. room 4.
tenth floor. Mills building.
BUY • good land — 10-acre home. Santa Clara
Valley, near depot; rich, deep loam; 1000
acres being planted now to resistant vines:
$1CO cash and $12 75 monthly buys 10 acres:
owners will plant and care for land If desired:
seventy sales, in four months to seventy frugal
people who are building productive home-
in the sunshine of Santa Clara Valley: call or
send for catalogue. WOOSTER. WHITTON
& MONTGOMERY, 634 Market at.
'• FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $00 per acr«, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for
pamphlets and information.
FOR sale— Ten-ncre fruit and chicken ranch;
Contra Costa County.
Also lot In Berkeley; 50x138 ft.; no agents.
Box 3267. Call office.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prun»
. lands to sell: right locality: big money: easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds: send
stamp for free list. C. R. Wlnfleld. Petaluma.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address ¦ la th*
Lnlted States -or Canada ona year lot *1-
BOStarn mM 'Continued. From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL. NEWS
Originally the model had a base show
ing the mill yard, with timbers, fuel, etc.,
piled up, but this has been lost in ! its
various journeyings. ....
The mill is a perfect 1 working model, re
duced one hundred times, of the Califor
nia typo of a five-stamp quartz mill. From
the ore car at the T mouth of the tunnel
down to the clean-up barrel and. tank
every detail of a regular mill is repre
sented proportionally, including a con
centrator, a tiny Blake crusher, a feeder
and • a grizzly. The model . is operated by
a small electric motor, and' its operation
attracts much attention from visitors;
State, Mineralogist Lew E. Aubury has
Installed iir-.the mineral exhibit in the
ferry building the miniature model of a
California stamp mill built by, the Union
Iron Works of this - city, which has Just
been returned • from, the : Fan- American
Exposition t at Buffalo. The model was
originally exhibited at : th~e • Paris - Expo
sition In the American section and thence
sent ' to Buffalo, where it was ; placed
among the Nevada exhibits.
Works Like Heal One in Every
- Detail. ~.
Ore Crusher Built ' by } TTnion Iron
MINIATXTEE STAMP MILL
IN". OPERATION AT FERRY
Deputy : Fish Commissioner Davis ' ar
rested Joe'Robena yesterday, for netting
canvasfiack « ducks.. ;-", Davis went to ' the
Clay-street market with his seizure ' and
was himself arrested by Captain Matthais
Ault, who is also a deputy of the com
mission, but who was not acquainted- with
his brother ¦ officer. Davis made an' em
phatic, protest, and. after explanations the
captain released his prisoner, apologized
and , made suitable atonement. . \ . .. [i
Arrests Brother Officer*
OAKLAND, Feb. 7.— Captain Alexander
Hall, who was master of the wrecked
steamer "Walla Walla, that went \ down
after a collision with the French bark
Max, was a witness in Judge Ellsworth's
court this morning,, where he was called
to tell of the tragic death of John Con
nell, steward of the steamer, whose estate
3 Captain Hall testified that Connell stood
with him on the deck of the sinking ves
sel, assisting the passengers Into the
boats.: When the ship went down they
went with it: After coming to the surface
and clambering on a- raft the master
looked for Connell, but could not find him.
A more thorough search .was made after
his 'party was picked up by, the steamer
Dispatch, but it was unavailing. .
Miss Mary Connell, sister of the de
ceased, said that she had looked for a will
but could find* none. She said her brother
left realty valued ; at $3000 and $10,000 in
cash. 'The heirs are three : sisters of the
deceased. *"¦ •
Walla Testifies as to Con
nellys Death.
Master of the Wrecked Steamer Walla
"CAFTAIN HALL SAYS
¦.-.:;.;¦; SEABCH WAS IN VAIN
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS/ — • '
Ala A W Co — v Oceanic 5si ..101 162
Bay CPC 6s. 109 — Ombus C 6s;131" . — •
Cal-st 5s 11C^ — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100%
C C Wat 6s. — Pk&C H 6s.lO5 —
Ed L&P 6s. — ¦¦" — •¦ Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — . Pwl-st R 6s. 119% — .
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 05 07%
H C&S 5%s — SF & SJV5s.l23 —
Do 6s .... — — Sierra Cal 6s.lO5 —
L Ang R 5s. 121 122 S P of Ar 6s*
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) 112 —
Do gtd 0s. — -* (1910) ....113^114
- Do gtd 5s.l03%104VS S P of Cal 6s •
r. A & P 5s.l01% — (19O5)Sr A. 108 —
Do lem 5s. 101 103- (1905)Sr B.109& -±-
Mkt-st C 6s.l25^ — (1906) ....112 — '
Do lem 5s.l21%122k (1912) ....121% — ''
N R C 6S...1UJ4 — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s 122 — c smtd 5s. 120 —
N-Pac C 5s.l0S%109% Dostmpd..llO% — .
N Cal R 5s. 112% — S P BrCal6s.l38% —
Oak Gas 5s. 11* — S V Wat 6s. 113% —
Oak Trn 6s.lZl% — Do 4s.... 102% —
Do 1st c5s.H0 — Do 4s 3dm.l01% —
Oak W g 5s. — — . Stkn Gas 6s. 102% —
¦¦¦-¦¦ -..-.' WATER STOCKS. '
Contra Costa 74 74%|Port Costa... (53% 66
Marln Co 69 — 'Spring Val.. 87 87%
' . - £¦-*¦ GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L'& P. 2% — Pac Light... 44 . —
Eqt Q L Co. 3 . ¦ — Sac E G&RC 20 . . 35
Mutual ...:.— ' 4% S F G & E.. 42% 43
O G L & H. 51% — San Fran... — 6
Pac 6 Imp. 37 40 ' Stktn G & E 8 —
• : INSURANCE.
¦Pirem'a Knd. — 275 } ....
. . BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — 81 L P& A...". — 169
California ..417 — Mer Ex (llq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.114% — S F Nationl.137% —
First Natlnl.320 350 "
!• . r . * SAVINGS BANKS. ; ' .
German . . . 1925 — i Sav & Loan . — :- 90
Humboldt ..,— '.— 'Security Bav.305 350 '
Mutual Sav.. 70' 100 'Union Trust. —2200
S F Sav U. 512% — I
STREET RAILROADS. .. '-. '¦-'¦-
California' ..170-"-— [Market "..'.,. '-—- W> -
Geary ...... — '-' ¦ BO .^Presidio ¦...; 35'-: "45 ¦".'
. ' ,"" ' POWDER. ' -¦
Giant ......77%,— |VIgorlt .;... 8% 4%
7 . ' : "¦ ¦ sugar. , ...
Hana I...... '2% — ' iKUaiiea ....'. 9%<—
Hawaiian ... S8 ¦ — jMakaweU... 26% 27
Honokaa . . . ,12 r— lOnomea ...; 23% 25U
Hutchlnson . 14 ?- 15 'Paauhau'. ... 12 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.165 ? 166% Pac A F A. — : 3%
Cal Fruit As 97% 98 Pac C ! Borx.l65 —
Cal Wine As 97% 98% Par. Paint... 16 — ..
Oceanic S Co 36% —
¦":.'¦. Mornins Session. '.' . ' " .;"
¦ Board— - ¦ " ' . ' '
t- 35 Alaska Packers' .Association. . . . 97 00 -. .
. 5 Bank of California..; 417 00
50 Equitable Gas 3 12%
15 Oakland Gas, cash...........:.. 52 00
100 Oceanic S. S. Co .....37 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co.. .42 00
200 S'F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 37%"
J2000 S V 4s (2d Mortgage) ..102 50
$4000 Oceanic S. S. ......101 00
...Street— ' . . ¦':-...
10 Giant Powder Con..:. '73 00
$3000 N P C-R R 5s. ............... ...109 00
$10,000 SP Cal, 1st cons 6s (stamped). Ill 00 .
-,'. Afternoon Session. ¦ . • , ; . ¦
Board —
. 5 Alaska Packers' Assn 167 00
50 Alaska Packers' ASsn ...... 160 50
.. 5 Alaska Packers'. Assn 166 75
10 Alaska Packers' • Assn ........ 1C6 25
5 Alaska Packers' Assn .'. .. .166 X J2% i
20 Alaska Packers' Assn.. 160 00
70 Cal Wine Assn .....93 00
. 15 Contra Costa ¦ Water, cash ...... '74 00
20HonokaaS Co ; ....1175
2S0 Honokaa S Co 12 00
25 S F Gas & Elec Co 42 50
15 S V Water ..::........ ...=-. 87 25
$4000 S P of Arizona (1909)..: 112 00.
$2000 S V 4g(2d. Mortgage) ;....\1025d
$10,000 S V 4s (3d Mortgage) 10175
Street—- ; ' . - . -..¦•'
10 Alaska Packers' Assn . . . .~". 167 00 S
12 Bank of California.. 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
: Morning Session.
Board —
350 Lion 07
600 Lion, b 90.. ».' 08
100 Monte Cristo 1 40
950 Sovereign 19
200 Twenty-eight 1 50
.• . Afternoon Session. ¦
Board — ¦¦ ¦ ¦
50 Four 54
12 Four 53
200 Home .....'... 3 85
200 Home, s 90 3 85
> 250 Junction 18
1000 Lion, b 60.'. 08 '
150 Lion 08
150 Monte Cristo 1 40
2000 Petroleum .Center " -.OG
100 Sovereign ..;. 10
MINING STOCKS."
The following were the . sales In the i San
Francisco . Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ;¦'' ' ." .' ¦¦.... ¦ ..- ¦
Morning Session. •
600 Best & Belch. 27 400 Ophir ....... 85
100 Chollar ...... 13 200 Overman .... 12
200. Con Cai& V.I 35 200 Potosi .. . 15
500 Hale & Norc. 30 300 Seg Belcher.. 0.T
1000 Lady Wash ... 02 400 Yellow Jacket 07
100 Mexican ..... 32!
'•¦Afternoon Session. . ' ; -.¦-:• if ".\?
100 Con Cal & V.I 25 500 Potosi ....... 14
100 Justice ...... It 400 Savage 10
200 Justice ...... 12 500 Sliver Hill... 70
300 Mexican . .... -.31- 200 Syndicate' ... 07
200 Mexican ..... , 32 . 500 Yellow Jacket 07
300 Ophir 64
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:.-:,
Morning Session. '
200 Best & Belch. 2" 400 Ophir ....... £>3
200 Caledonia .... 32 1000 Potosi - . 14 .
200 Caledonia .... 31 500 Savage It
500 Chollar . ... . . 13 200 Sierra Nev. . . • 15
400 Con Cal & V.I 32 200 Silver Hill :.. li«
700 Hale & Norc. .'i0 500 Yellow- Jacket 07
100 Mexican ..... 31 200 Yellow Jacket OS
. . Afternoon Session: >
800 Best & Belch .20 300 Mexican . . . : . 30
200 Caledonia . .' . 31 200 Ophir ... S4
400 Challenge Con 13 300 Overman .... 11
500 Chollar .. : 12V> -50 Overman .... ¦ 12
200 Con C & Vil 27% 700 Potosi ..:./... 13
300 Con Cal & V.I SO 700 Savage ;..... lo
300 Gould &Cur. 14 200 Sierra Nev... 15
700 Justice ....;.: 12 500 Yellow Jacket Oti
' • ¦ CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
: : ' ' " " FRIDAY," Feb.' 7—4 -p. m.'*
. ¦'... .. Bid. Ask. I «- Bid. Ask.
Alpha .......' — ,O4lIustlce -.-. 13 15
Alta ..' — . 05 Kentuck ..... / 01 02
Andes ........ 02 Lady Wash /. . 01 • —
lielcher ...... 07 : 09 Mexican ..... 31 32
Best & Belch. 26 27 Occidental ... 10 11
Bullion -..V... 02 03 Ophir. ....... S3 84
Caledonia . . . 29. 31 Overman. . .. . • 11 ; 12
Challenge Con 11 13 Potosi .....'..; 10 • 14
Chollar ... '.:¦ 12 14 Savage ...... 10 . 11
Confidence . . . 60 K5 Scorpion .....—¦ 04
Con Cal & V. 1-25 1 .10 Seg Belcher.. 7 03 • 04
Con > Imperial . • " 01 02 Sierra Nev. . . 15 16
Con ¦ New Yk : 03 04 Silver Hill . . . 75 77 .
>own Point.. 06, 07 5t Louis. .7.. — ; 10
Eureka' Con.. 18 -' — Standard .... i;- — 3 30
Exchequer . • — -02 Syndicate ....,01 • 4 —
Gould &,Cur. 14 15:Union Con ... 10.' '21-
Hale & Norc. '28 2.) j Utah ........ 02 Wi
Julia ........ .— 04. Yellow. Jacket :-00. 07
John Duffy, the driver for the Pacific
Mall Steamship Company, who substitut
ed a decrepit Chinaman for Man Foo, a
coolie, who had. been denied a landing,
and- allowed Man Foo to go at large, was
taken before United States- Court Com
missioner Heacock yesterday and -his ex
amination was set for Tuesday morning 1
of next week at 10 o'clock- Duffy la still
In jail, having failed to secure ball. .
Driver Duffy Still in Jail.
Through. the Nevada Midland Railroad
Company, Incorporated yesterday, the line
will be extended south 112 miles, from.
Austin to ¦ Tonapah, Nev. Simon Bam
berger, president of the- Salt Lake and
Ogdqn Railroad, is president of the new
Nevada Midland. •
The Stokes family have for years owned
mining properties In Central Nevada
which have never been fully developed
and Stokes has determined to bring tho
gold and silver to market. He is president
of the Nevada Central Railroad Company
and for years Its ninety miles of single
track running; from Battle Mountain,
Nev. on the line of the Southern Pacific.
south of Austin, Nev., has been the car
rier of small traffic. -
NEW YORK, Feb. 7.— Through the sala
of the Nevada road by Anson Phelpa
Stokes to. a new company Incorporated in
New Jersey yesterday j -with a capital of
$1,750,000, has been launched a railroad
scheme that will result In the opening of
a mining: district believed to "be rich in
ore. " ¦ ¦" -
From the evidence of A. L. Hall, . master,
who says he spoke to Third Officer Hughes on
the bridge after the watches were changed at
4 a. m., and left him there when he went be
low; E. Lupp, second Officer, who says that he
was relieved by Third Officer Hughes at 4 a.
m. ; Ephraim Johnson, who says he saw Third
Officer Hughes in the chart house with Second
Officer Lupp when" he reported ..the light to
him, after 4 a. m., and that Mr. Hughes an
swered him, saying all right; Quartermaster M.
Llngan; who says that he saw Third Officer
Hughes In the chart house with Second Of
ficer Lupp after he came to report the com
pass to Mr. Lupp after 4 a. m., and Quarter
master E. Ettershank, who says that Mr.
Hughes was on the watch after 4 a. m., it
places John Hughes, who held a master's li
cense and .was third officer on the Walla Wal
la at that time, in charge of tne steamer when
the collision occurred, and In the absence of
his defense we have to exonerate A. L. Hall,
master, and F. Lupp, second officer, the surviv
ing officers who were on trial before us for the
loss of the Walla Walla. • ¦¦•".,
After a careful consideration of the evidence
given In this case, some of which is contra
dictory and questionable, we are of the opin
ion that the collision 'between the' steamship
Walla ' Walla - and the Ftencn bark Max", on
January 2, 1902. occurred between 4 :05- and
4:13 approximately. At the time that. the ves
sels came together it is evident that the Walla
Walla was cut into by the stem of the Max in
the vicinity of her bridge, the Max penetrating
through two of her decks into the combing of
her No. 2 hatch and below the water line into
No. 2 hold, which' was filled in a few minutes;
the water then rushed along* the, freight deck,
causing the steamer to sink rapidly by the
head- and thfrty-flve minutes afterwards 'she
sank; and the forward part of the Max was
carried away, forward of her collision bulkhead;
she was afterward towed to San Francisco (on
January 4) by the United States revenue cutter
McCulloch and the steam schooner Acme; that
the cause of the collision was due to the faulty
lookout kept on the Walla Walla by the officer
in charge of the bridge, who was in the chart
house, and the men on ' lookout, one of whom,
named Wilson, was not at. his post when the
collision occurred. . Had the officers seen th«s
light from the bridge when it was first reported
by Johnson, .who was on the lookout forward,
which is placed at from three to five minutes,
the steamer making twelve knots per hour, be
fore the collision, had he at that time ordered
the helm put hard-a-starboard instead of hard
a-port he would have gone clear, or he might
have stopped and backed his engines .full
speed. We are also, of the opinion that at the
time of the collision the lights on the Max
were' burning and that she kept " her course
from the time the lights were made out until
the, collision occurred. She was on the star
board tack. The time given' by Second Officer
Lupp as 4:33 a. m. as the time the collision
took, place is In our opinion erroneous, as the
evidence places it at from 4:05 to 4:15 approxi
mately. ¦ . ¦ . ¦
Master and Second Officer Exonerated
Officers on Duty Are Blamed.
Four boats and four life rafts carrying. 6tt
people were picked up by the Dispatch on Jan
uary 2 and taken to Eureka, and on the 3d
the tug Ranger picked up a boat with 14
persona and took - them to Eureka, one ' boat
landed at -Trinidad with 7 persons, one at Big
Lagoon with 10, - and . one at Stone Lagoon
with 7. and the Nome City picked up 7 on a
life raft and brought them to San Francisco.
The boatage of the Walla Walla was in ex
cess of the requirements of law, she having
ten boats, i five life rafts, equal to 3070 feet
of* boatage, the law requiring but 2S80, and
provided- with 560 life preservers; she -was
manned by 79 persons, officers and crew, and
had 67 passengers on this trip when she left
San Francisco; of these 10 are missing and 6
died, . and of the officers and crew 18 are miss
ing and 2 died, making a total of 36 persons
who lost their lives. " * .•'*•..
The steamship Walla Walla. 3069 tons, was
built at Chester, Pa., In 1881, and rebuilt at
San Francisco in 1S9O; she was inspected and
certificated at San Francisco, October 14, 1901.
She had five bulkheads, which came to the
deck next below the main deck. Had these
bulkheads extended to the maindeck it is our
opinion that the steamer would '. have floated,
as Mr. Reed's statement shows that there was
no water in the flreroom or -the engine-room
thirty minutes after the collision to amount to
anything, but when he came on the main deck
the forward stairway was awash.
An Excess of Boatage.
Captain Hall stated that none of the boats
deserted the steamer; he gave .them orders to
lay by.- but thinks they may have drifted away:
that there were no officers in the boats save
Third Assistant Engineer Brown is explained
by the captain that ,. after getting the pas
sengers into the boats he thought there might
b'e a chance to save the ship and pick- the
people who were In the boats up afterward;
he had given orders to the chief engineer to
blow down' the port boilers to givfr her a star
board list and try to get the hole above water
if uossible; there is not a doubt that the
officers of the Walla Walla assisted in lower
ing all the boats that were lowered and helped
the passengers into them (as Captain Hall, -First
Officer Nlelson, Secondp Officer Lupp. Chief
Engineer 'Crosby. First Assistant Engineer
Reed, Second Assistant Engineer Potter, Fourth
Mate Brown. Purser Nuttman and Chief Stew
ard Connell were on the upper deck when the
steamer sank and were trying to lower away
boats 9 and 10, which were not swung in
davits. ¦ No. 9 was Just ready to be launched
when the steamer gave a lurch, plunged for
ward and went down, carrying th«se ¦ people
with her. Captain Hall, First Officer Nlelson,
Second Officer Lupp, Fourth Officer Brown and
First Assistant Engineer Reed were saved and
the others drowned.
After the collision the testimony taken by
us from all witnesses .that appeared at the in
vestigation shows that s the boats and rafts
were promptly launched in good order, and
from the number of boats and rafts got out
there was enough afloat to have carried 230
persons, though there- were. but 168 on board,
some ' of . the - passengers refused to go into
the boats; some were .in' them and came out
again, and in so doing delayed the effort* of
the officers and crew from helping others, and
when the steamer sank they were drowned;
the statement of Captain Swan, passenger, that
the boats pulled away from the sinking steamer
Instead ol standing by cannot.be explained in
any way by us; he says that, when he came to
the surface, after the steamer went down, he
heard people halloo for help and it continued
lor tome time; no boats being in sight some of
these people drowned. ;
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States Local' Inspectors of Steam Ves
sels, filed their report yesterday after
noon, in the matter of the loss of the
steamship "Walla ! Walla. The blame . Is
placed on 'the faulty lookout kept on the
Walla Walla by the officer In charge. of
the bridge, who was in the charthouse,
and the men oh the lookout, one of whom,
Wilson, was not at his post of duty.. Cap
tain Hall and Second Officer Lupp are
exonerated.
After summing up the evidence taken
before them the inspectors say:
Capital of Nearly Two Mil
lions Invested in the
Project.
Lookouts of Steamer Blamed
for the Collision and
Loss of Life.
Eastern Company Pro
poses to Open a Rich
District.
Findings of Inspectors in
the Walla Walla
Disaster. -.;
RAILS TO REACH
NEVADA MINES
HALL AND LUPP
ARE EXONERATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY V 8, 1902.
13
SEAL ESTATE CITY--FOR- SALE-
X)R SALE BY. »~~e'
THOMAS MAGEE | fOM^
INVESTMENTS IN FLATS AND»HOUSES.
$22.500— Three of the finest _flatsln the
Western Addition; NE corner. 30x100; total
rents $173 a month; a choice buy.,
$20,500— Sutter-st. corner; l&W lot; 2
stores and 4 flats; easily and eteadily rented;
total rents $125 a month.
$20,000—3 beautiful flats being built on
north side of Broadway. _
f 18.500— OTarrell St.; 5 new flats: rents
$152 50 a month; pays 8 per cent net
$18.000— Jackson st. in best locality; 3 fine
new flats; rents $155.
$16 500— Corner etore; flat and 2-story
building; 37 ft. front; will always rent; cost
over $lloO0 to build; rents $121 50.
$1 6;ooo — Caiifornia-st. corner; 3 good
h °$^000 I^tockton st.; 3 houses; 12 tenants;
rents' $150 a month. • ...
$15 500— Jones Et. ; 3 choice flats In b«st lo-
cation; close to town; built 2 years; will
alwavg rent; rents $127 a month.
$13,500 — Webster St.; 5 cottages; rents
S12 500 — Kortli elde Pine et.; very fine 3-
story building in two modern 3-year-old flats;
separate entrances to each fiat; rents $100.
$12.300 — Sutter st; 3 fine new fiats, renting
for J6S a month; north side; in good loca-
510.500 — Pierce-st. corner; 2 flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each; rents $68 a month.
$10.230 — Hyde St.; easy -walking distance
to any part of down town; 2 flats of 5 and
6 rooms; rents $70 a month from both.
$10,250 — Clay el.; 40x125; three houses;
rents $77; price reduced.
$9750 — Baker st.; two fine flats of 9 rooms
and bath each; all modern conveniences; at-
tic and basement; rents ?75 & month.
$8300 — Eddy 6t.; two flats of 8 and 6 .rooms
respectively.
$7600— Baker Bt.; in fine locality; upper
flat has 6 rooms: rent $32 50; lower flat has
6 rooms, rent $27 50; total rents per month,
$60.
$7000 — Two flats built 3 years: on Califor-
nia St.; 25x137:6; good locality; 6 and 7
rooms; rents ?27 50 and $25; total $52 50 a
month.
$6500 — Webster et.; two flats finished only
4 months; all conveniences: 25x100; sun front
and back: 6 and 7 rooms; rents $55.
JGOOO — Leavenworth 6t-: In good locality;
close to town; tv» flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $45 a month.
$5000— First st.; 2 houses; 8 tenants; rents
$47; always rented.
$4350— Tenth et.. near Folsom; 2 flats.
54000 — Sanchez-Et. corner; three cottages,
rents $30; good street. I.I.'.
$3600— Jones et.. near Chestnut; two flats.
3 flat,. S-story building;
rents $36 a month; fine rent. .,_,-..
$3000— Pacific st.. near Taylor; always
re goo£^dw«^Wn«* (North Beach);
two good flats; «nt,
$20; very cheap. ;
¦\-W COR. Haight and Fllimore. 150x137:6;
busy transfer point. ASHTON & GARDI-
ICER. 411 Montgomery Bt.
V SIDE McAllister, near Baker. 25x137:6;
V side Frederick, near Aehbury. 30x118:9.
A.SHTOK & GARDIXER. 411 Montgomery.
VALEVC1A, near 22d— Double frontage; any
b£«T ASHTON & GARINER. 411 Montgom-
cry Bt.
JOSEPH STRACT^ oof _ er Etocktoa _
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent^^
Rents collected. - |
LOT and two-story house. Mason Bt., near Bay,
$3800; large lot. three-story house, on i Na-
toma St.. between Eighth and Ninth, $3200
Address or call. «- M. BARTHOLD. 12i
California, St.. or 1024 Golden Gate ave.
IF you have a residence, or any vacant lots,
on any of the street! from Vallejo to Lom-
bard Polk to Lyon, and you wish to make
a quick sale then call on W. J. GUNN. 53(
California gt-
BARGAIN — Fine sunny cottages. 5 rooms and
all modem improvements; high basement
large lots; fine view; cars pass door; imal
amount cash, balance like rent; Chenery an<
31st sts. ; 6ee owner oa premises. A. TCLAHN
f>00 CASH — New modern 4 rooms and bait
cottage ; easy terms. Ctah St.. near Eight-
eenth. '
$1000 CASH and $37 BO month buys new homi
near Golden Gate Park; Bend for book oj
••Homes." TOL P. TODD. 630 Market Et.
•7500 — FOR eale, business corner grocery 'wltl
8 living- rooms and stable; 9-room flat above
J. P. FAIVB.E. 2304 Fulton st. -
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GENTINE BARGAIN'S. • ¦
•4000— Income property, censlstlns of one 2-
etorv and three 1-story modern cottages; street
•work done; three blocks to railroad depot; orlg- :
lnally cost J7000.
£2500 — Modern two-etory cottage «f 6 rooms,
laundry and billiard room; lot 125x100, with,
lawn, flowers, etc; eunny rifle. _^
$2000— Large two-story house, ¦with store: lot
00x125; good location; near depot.
$2000 Modern 5-room cottage; high- base-
ment; lot 80x135; large two-story barn, etc;
one block to Grove-et. cars; one block to Ade-
line-st. etation, Berkeley; this property must-
be eold at once. ¦• . - ' -¦- jv
Write me for list of improved properties,
ranging In price from $500 to $7000; good build-
ing lots from $125 up; houses built to order:
money lo&ncd* - -
D. A. WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
J1250 CASH. $33 per month, pays for a $4000
home In full In 120 payments; modern house,
8 rooms and bath: 60 ft. lot; 10 minutes to
local and 10 minutes to State University:
«end for "Homes." WM. P. TODD. 630
Market ft.. S. F.. or 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
BERKELEY HOCSES TO LET.
FOR rent — Handsome 8-room house; Just built;
$45. 2437 Warring st.. near Dwlght way.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE RBAI* ESTATE.
I N unDaralleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
'rom S. F.: rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FRETJD. Mill* building, or H.
A. PLEITyCR. Frnitvale Station-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKILAXD REAL ESTATE. '
52600 — OKIGINALLT COST $3600.
Kew 6-room house; the latest Improvements
(note, lot 50x140); convenient to cars, schools
and business center; everything In flret-class
order; owner non-resident and property must
be eold without reserve; terms f desired; it
is an ideal home. J. S. MTERS & CO.. 1002
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. ._
$3500 — WORTH TO DUPLICATE $4000.
Two-story 7-room house; new; architectural
design and finish is the latest and best ever
offered for eale; built without regard to ex-
pense as to construction, plumbing and in-
terior finish; an Ideal home; an ideal spot and
extremely low price; $1100 cash.- balance
bank mortgage. J. S. MTERS & CO.. 1002
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. !____
$3000— A BEAUTT. ~~
' New 6-room 2-etory house; sunny; large lot;
open plumbing; street work all complete;
convenient to business center, cars and
schools; an ideal home; best neighborhood
residence In Oakland; terms onlv $1000 caslv
balance mortgage. J. 6. MVEBS, 1002
Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
S3C00-<X>ST TO DUPLICATE $4500.
New 7-room house; 3 blocks to local station,
cars and near business center; dining-room
29 feet long: open plumbing;- No. 1 neigh-
borhood; architectural design and finish the
prettiest in Oakland; only $1000 caeh, bal-
ance can remain oa mortgage; owner mutt
leave Oakland and is compelled to sell; first
come, first nerved. J. S. . MTERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$250 CAEH, balance $33 per month, 120 pay-
ments, pays for In full a new 8-room house;
10 minutes' u-alk to local; send for "Homes."
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland, or
630 Market it.. S. F.
K. P.- MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st. '•'
OAICLAXD FCttMTURE FOR, SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month". H.
SCHELLHAAB. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING;
APARTMENTS for. housekpg7 ; hanasoine^Bunn9
suites; ail modern Improvements; eoa bath
reception rm.; nr. park ana school; rent real
sonable. St James. McAllister and Laguna.
CA6TEO, 429. ar. 17th— 2 private furn: hskpg.;
private egtrance: lawn: cheap; no children.
FIFTH, S53 — Furnished housekeeping in suites
2 or B; $12 to $20; also single. $5*
LARKIN. 819%— Sunny alcove rooms; gas
stove, bath, phone; $16 60; h&ekppg rms., $12.'
MINNA. 28— Sunny f urnlehed housekeeping and
single rooms. 75c and $1 week.
MISSION. 766, near Fourth — Furnished rooma
•¦ for housekeeping; single or en suite. -- •
MOSS, 36, oS Howard, nr. 7th— Z connecting
rum. raa.; bousekeepln* ; separate - entrance.
V.dibd!;:', ;"' ,
Allen, Charlotte Howe, Daniel, T. -
Bellmond, Geo. W. Humphrey, -ThQS; M.
Becker,- Albert • Jansen. George A. F.
Bloch, George Jewett, Philo D.
1 Bonner. Edna C Kelly, Ellen
Bovo. Gabriel J. Loftus. Mary '
Butts. Catharine Lonergan. George M:
Coops, Henry W. .-. McGuire, . Bridget 1 .
Crable, Helen M. : ' ' • McHugh, Bridget
Cronln. Margaret A. Mead. James F. .
Cummins, Ella M. ' - Mehegan, John J.
Denehy. Phillip F. . Patek, Joseph —
Dougan, John Penniman, Nancy ;
Dunnigaji, David Pust; Mrs. Anna.E. :
Ellis, Elmer -: .. Rlley, Thomas J.
Fitzpatrlck, Guy M.\ Rowe, .Catherine
Flatley, Louis F. •• Saunders, ,
French, Hayes C. . • Shula, Annie ....
Gambs, Ernest F. • Stafford, William .
Garside. Catherine Sylvls. Nicholas H.
Gllhuly. Helen J. • "Webb,. Clarence C. ;
Guntern, Mathilda . .Wyman, ; John F. ...
Hennig, Katie ¦ _• . :" ' '¦
ALLEN— M this city, February 7, 1902, at the
Old Peoole's Home, Charlotte Allen, a na-
tive of England, aged 75 years. . . ' ,
BELLMOND — In this city. February 6, - 1902,
at the residence of his parents, 2871 Twenty-
third street." of diphtheria, George W. Bell-
mond,' a native "of San Francisco, ased' l
year 8 months and 1 day. • I
BECKER— In this city, February 6, 1902, Al-
bert Becker, dearly beloved son of August-
and Augusta Becker, and. beloved brother of
Augusta Becker, a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 - months and 5 days. * - • .
.CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1393 Harrison street, corner
Tenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
, by. electric funeral car from Tenth and Har-
rison streets. - ' - ¦ ' ' - .
BLOCH— In Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Feb-
ruary 6, 1902, George Bloch, beloved, husbana
of Rosine Bloch, and father of Mrs. J. A.
Cowen and George and Albert Bloch, a na-
tive of France, aged 72 years 9 months and
14 days." Remains will arrive at 8 o'clock
p. mV Saturday. . . ¦ . ¦¦
C7Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. February 9,. 1902,. at 2 o'clock, at.
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. C. A. . Du-
mont, 1309 Powell street. Interment Laurel
Hill : Cemetery. . .- .' -
BOXNER — In this J city, February 7, 1902,
Edna Claflin. daughter of John H. Bonner oC
Cedarville, Cal., only daughter of-MrS. Eme-
line C. Cole of San- Francisco, and. sister. of
Ernest C. Bonner of Alluras; Cal., a native
of California, aged 24 years 1 months and 6
days. (New Tork and Chicago papers please
copy.) ' '"¦ •• ¦' • ¦¦ .
[t^Notice of funeral hereafter.
BOVO— In this city, February 6, 1802, Gabriel
J., beloved husband of Mary Bovo, and
father of Gabriel. Stephen,' Alfred, Victor,
" Marguerite, Mary,. Rudolph, Rosie and Bea-
trice Bovo. a native of Italy, aged 66. years
9 months and O^days..-' ): •>.*:# -
[CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, Irom, his late resi-
dence, 547 Hayes street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. • ¦ ¦ ' •
BUTTS— In this city, February 6. 1902, Cath-
arine, beloved wife , of the. late John Butts,
¦ and mother' of Henry, Herman and Annie
Butts,- a native of .Hanover, Germany, ..aged
70 years and 7 days. ¦-¦- •
{Cy Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 69 Albion avenue, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, Valencia and -Guerrero. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric
funeral car. ¦
COOPS— In this city, February 6, 1902, Henry
William Coops, beioved son of Mrt. Anna
Coops, and brother Of Mary Coops, a native
of San Jose, Cal., aged 15 years .1 month and
25 days. •• ¦ ' .
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
<Sunday). at 11 o'clock,, from the parlors of
. H. P. Petersen. 228 McAllister street. In-
terment jprlvate.
CRABLE— In this city. February 7, 1902,
Helen M. a native of Ohio, aged 70
years. . X C . .• ' ¦ '•
CRONIN— In this city, February 7, 1902, Mar-
garet A., wife of- the late James" Cronin, and
mother of Mary J/and Peter F.- McArdle and
Margaret A. and Julia Cronin, a native of
County Armagh, Ireland, aged 40 years and
5 days.' . '.
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor, & Co., 767
Mission street. , • - : . . .
CUMMINGS — In this city, February 7, 1902,
Ella M. Cummings, a native of Brighton,
Ontario, and a resident of ¦ Martinez, Cal.,
aged • 62 years. . .
DENEHT-^In this city, February 7, 1902,
Phillip F., beloved eon of Catherine Denehy,
and brother of -D.- V. and J. P.. Denehy and
Mrs. L. J. Mayer, a native of Boston, Mass.
(Boston. . Mass., papers/ please copy.)
ICThe funeral will - take place to-moVrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from . the - resi-
dence of his mother, 414 Sixth street, thence
. ' to St Rose's Church for ' services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOUGAN — In the City and County Hospital,
February 7, : 1902, John Dougan, a native; of
¦Washington, aged 23 years. • •
DUNNIGAN— In , this city, February -7, 1902,
. David, dearly beloved ' husband of the late
.,Mary Dunnigan, and. father of -Mrs.. T. H.
. Vivian, Mrs. E. J. McDonald and" Hannah
and John D. Dunnigan, a native of County
Kerry, ¦ Ireland, aged 67- years. .-. •• ¦ . .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 :30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 552 .Folsom street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, Ffemqnt and Harrison streets.
...Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. : ; -.-.:
ELLIS— In" Electra, i February ff, 1902, Elmer
Ellis', beloved son of Kate and the. late Na-
than R. Ellis, and brother of Lillle, Randall
and Herbert Ellis, a' native ' of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 5 months and 2 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his ¦ parents, 3427 ' Twenty-fifth
street, thence to St. James Church? where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross^ Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In thla'city, February 6, 1902,
Guy M.. beloved . husband of Nellie Fitzpat-
rick, ¦ and father of Ethel. Frank and Willie
Fitzpatrick, a native of Nevada, aged 23
years ¦ and. 17 days. • ¦ . . •
(^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock,- from his late
-residence,- 728 Bay street.- • • . • «.-
FLATLET — In Ocean View, -February :7, 1902,
Louis Francis, beloved son of George T. and
Catherine Flatley, brother of James, George
and Isabell Flatley,' 'and -.grandson 'of Mrs.
and the late J. Clancy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 8 months and 14
.days. . .~- . '
FRENCH — February 5, .1902, .Hayes Clifton
French, M. D., beloved husband of Rose M
French, and father of Vida C. and Victoria
-R. ¦ French, a native ; of England, aged 62
years. ¦'','' -
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, February 9, ¦ at 2 o'clock, at Red
Men's building, 320 Post street, under the aus-
pices of George H. Thomas Post, G.' A. R.
Interment private. Remains at; the' funeral
parlors of. Charles H. J. : Truman & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
GAMBS — In this city, February 6, 1002, Ernest
F. Gambs, dearly beloved son of Mrs. Henry
Gambs, and brother of .Walter Gambs and
Mrs.. Henry Kern, a native of Baltimore
Md.,aged 43 years 2 months and 22 days.
tCJ^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ¦ to- attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 -o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1815 Devisadero street,, between Bush
• and Pine. Please omit -flowers. Interment
I. O. O. F.' Cemetery.
GARSIDE — In . this city, February 7,- 1902
.Catherine Mary, .beloved -wife of Joseph P*
Garside, - and .mother- of «- Mrs. ¦ William r"
Hamilton, Mra. JameS H. Smith, Daniel j'
¦ Garside, Mrs. Edward F. Flinn and Thomas
P.,' Kate, Sadie and the late Maggie Garside
a native. of County Meath,. Ireland, aged 50
years. (Philadelphia. papers please copy.)
(C7"Friends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral -Monday <
at 9:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 322
Main street, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated, for 'the repose of her bouI,' com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment' Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' . , .
GILHULT — In ' this city, February 7, 1902
- Helen Josephine, , dearly beloved daughter of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth St.. ' opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ,¦
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
- BAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
. , . , ; , J. HENDERSON. Manager.
I NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
¦ Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the .United /Undertakers' Association ;M.' J.
MeBrearty/. with the same J company for 18
¦ yeaT's; P. 1 F. Green, .fate with J. C O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-,
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and TSlghth. Telephone South 44. . t
I ;. REMOVED! - -
," 5 McQINN BROS.. .., '
\ FUNERAL JDIRECTORS . and; „ EMBALM-.
ERS, , to. 224 and 226 McAllister st:/ (For^
merly.of 81 Eddy tt. TeL. South J252.) ."•'¦
CRMATION SlOo
THE • UNDERTAKERS. AND • GENERAL
nubile are hereby notified that' the price for
cremation af CTPRESS LAWN 'CEMETERT
,1s now $10. . ¦¦•: -¦.¦¦.. •• . .'.'.'• - '¦'' ;.-¦•• •¦¦.'.¦.:¦'
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Ass^n,
: ' . . . ' 1504 MARKET ST. ";
ROOMS FOR HOC8EKEEPISG— Con.
OAK. 119— One eunny basement room furnished
for housekeeping; stove; $6. -
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary—Sunny lur-
niebed bay window; gas etov«;- complete for
housekeeping. ; . . • • ' ¦'¦-'-
RAUSCH, 85, near Folsom. bet. Seventh and
Eighth— Housekeeping rooms.- -
SEVENTH. 178— Nicely furnished housekeep-
lng front rooms; large yard) running- water.
SUITE eunny front rooms, bedroom and kltch-
ea. furnished neatly and completely, for.
housekeeping; $2 25 per week. Apply at shoe
store.- 563 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 23., ¦
TURK, 130— Two unfurnished rooms for house-
keeplng; connecting; cheap. - . • ¦ •.
Virginia, 1005 PoweH--2sunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished; gas range; baths ;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established- at 108B
Valencia st. ;
.ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn.. and Vnfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny grill attached; 75c day upward: rate3
by week or month; McAllister cars to. door.,
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 . Sixth— Rooms
¦n 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week^ and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHATTANOOGA. 106, between Dolores and
Church— Rooms for light housekeeping.
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS 3°1 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
S5c. jl 50 night; $1 50, g6 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS 418 (The Pierpont) — Beautifully, fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hot water; private baths. ..-
ELLIS. CSS, cor. Larkln— Furn. sunny, bay-win-
dow; mantel, fold, bed; with or without hkpg
FILLMORE. 2320 — Large eunny furnished
room. . .. - .' - ' ¦.-'•¦
rRANCISCO Hotel — Ete&ant suites;, single;
transient; baths. Mrs, King, Turk & Taylor.
GEART, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly-
borne at moderate charges; sult.slnscle;elevat. '
HATES, 671 — Nice single room; with or with-
out board; terms reasonable; private family.
HYDE, 1514 — Sunny furnished room suitable
for gentleman; references required.
KEARNT. 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en eulte or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites ;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
j NATOMA, 435 — 1 sunny front room, nicely
furnished; to let; suitable . for two gentle-
men; in private family.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market — Nicely 1 ur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1211— Sunny furnished bay-window
room; double and single. - '
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
of flees: elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 326 — Sunny furnished rooms,
with all modern con.; prices mod.; private.
O'FARRELL, 1315 — 2 parlors and kitchen, .un-
furn.; prlv. residence: bath; phone Scott 858.
POST. 973^-Very nicely furnished double room,
bath end phone. . v
POWELL, 131, near Baldwin lot— Room to
rent. ¦¦¦'¦¦ ¦
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night 35c. to ?1 50; week, $2
to ?8: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; batha.
SHERMAN Apartment House, .28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk St. .--- •
STOCKTON', 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
| rooms; bath; phone. ¦ . . • " - - . c
1 Yerba Buena^ 28%, nr. Taylor & Sacramento—
Fur. & unfur. rm.; nice location; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fllimore.
'¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscriptions has been esteablWhed at 1096
Valencia - et. ... ' -" " ' ¦'
ROOMS_AXDB9 A J 5P^, I
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front "rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold "water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable'; phone South 829.
CROCKER,-- T*e, 815- Learenworth — Sunny
rms.; Bin. and cultes; ground and tennis crt.
JOHNSON. The; €05 O'Farrell — Nice -home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA, 615 Taylor— Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.- ¦
• CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
; family hotel;- exceptional table;, popular rates.
¦• Irvlngdale. 628 Eddy— Double and.Bingle rooms.
¦ suitable, for students; good table;. low rates.
' CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
I Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
¦ United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ./ •' . r : .
' ROOMS- AND BOARD WASTED.
• YOUNG lady, employed, wants board and rm.;
J private family; $3 60 week. Box 3241, Call.
! ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 3 to 5 unfurnished i sunny house-
r - keeping rooms; north of Market; ten ndn-
' utes* walk to Call bldg.; by married couple;
, state terms. Box 8262, Call office. .
1 SPECIAL -NOTICES.
BAD' tenants ejected for $4; collections made";
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; teL 55S0.
• SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
• ALL kinds bought. Bold, rented,- exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel: Green 144, 205 4th.
f ALL kinds bought, sold, rented,- exchanged, re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.;- tel.- Main 6713.
1 GOLDEN WEST Storage , Warehouse, 840 MIs-
- Elon st..; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co. ,- 630 Market" st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. '
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fllimore Bt. ; phone Jackson 281.
J TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES:
I GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS— We
• sell better machines for less money than any
; house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
s Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
" WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
. typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
- DIVIDEND NOTICES.
1 OFFICE of the Contra Costa -Water Co., room
> 16, second floor. Mills building, San Fran-
j cUco. February 4, 1902. — Dividend No. 197,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Co. will be payable
at the office of said company, room 16, sec-
; 'ond floor. Mills building, on r February 15,
; 1902. Transfer books will close on February
1 9, 1902, at 3 p. m. ¦-.¦-.•
I EDWARD McGART, Secretary.
I DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com,
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. '38, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued, capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
, payable at office of company, rooms. 202. 204.
i 206 Hay ward bldg., San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10, 1902. . Transfer books close Feb. 3,
s 1902. at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
[ MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The. following marriage licenses were Issued
• yesterday: . -. •
Theodore F. Wohlander, 31, 4129 Twenty-
; fourth -street, and Lisette J. -Matter, 18, ; 428
' Jersey atreet. . ¦ ..-».....
" James A. Smith, 37, 4 Grove , street, and
Eve. E. Mitchell. 40.- Girard. Kans.
Michael B. Halloran, - 32, San - Rafael, •- and
Mary E. Reilly. 28, city. ••
Michael J. Kennealey, 25, 314 Day street,
1 and Annie Moroney, 25, city. . •
Henry Helse. 28, 2032 Steiner street, and
. Lizzie Siemund. 19, 621 Gough street.-' ¦
Joseph Peyret. 26. 605- -Taylor street, and
Maria Louhoo, 18, 1209% Bush street. v .
¦ Charles A. Lundln, 24, IS Mary. street, and
Johanna Johnson. 22. 855 San Jose avenue.' :
; ,-¦ BffiTHS-^-MARRIA&ES-DEAPf ;
. Birth, marrl4B« and death notices': urat ,py
mall will not be Inserted.- They must ba handed
In at either of the publication offices and; be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
a ¦..; 'v^'boSn. -¦¦;' .."¦••• ¦ ¦
' GIBSON — In this city^ January 80, 1902, to tho
wife of Charles W. Gibson, a daughter. '
LEWIS — February S. 1902, to " the wife .". of
Charles H. Lewis of Fremont avenue. Fruit-
. vale, a daughter. .• ¦• _ - .. ¦ - ,;'¦:. v
MEYER — In this ¦- city, ; February 6, '¦ 1902, to
the wife of Samuel Meyer, a ¦¦ -
I OBERST— In this city, February 1, ¦ 1002, to
the wife of Frank J. Oberst, a eon.
107 POWELL ST.NtARELUS W, 5056
"Shanahan Florist Go:
S^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS ;
; , Prices Reasonable .:
i ' 0CEAK" TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
! : . Bteamera leave Broadway
HL- Wharf, San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan, Juneau.
IfflEEl*^-^ Skagway, etc. , Alaska— 11 a.
t§*KKR5a m-., Feb. 5, 10. 15. 20. 25.
'IIbJsSiai March 2. Chanse to com.
' -JSllsCSlsSal pany' 3 steamers at Seattle.
MlQH[; For Victoria, Vancouver.
V- port Townsend, Seattle, Taco-
iaa. Everett. New Wbatcom—
11 a. m FebT«4flO, 15, 20, 25, March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or T»--
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — l:3O p. in-,
Feb 1, 6 11, 21, 28, March 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — steamer Spokane, Sundays, ft a. m.
Steamer Stat« of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon,- Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Lul3 Obispo). Santa_ Barbara. Ventura, Hue-
neme, East San Pedro, San Pedro and 'New-
port (*Bonita only). • '
Bonlta 9 a. m., Feb. 3. 11, 19. 27. March 7.
Coos B'ay> 9 a. m... Feb. 7. 15, 23. March 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th. of each .
month. . ¦f .
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ins dates.
TICKET OFFICE-* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R.*flf.CO.
Only S-teaumalaJp XjIso *«=»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to alt
point*. «" rail o«« ftteamshlo and rail, at
ziOfvx:sa> x«-A.aTC2s.
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BSHTH and MSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
. Feb. 12. 22: Mar. 4. 14. 24
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.
Feb. 17, 27; Mar. 9, 19. 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.,1 Montg*y. S. F.
TOYO KEEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and. Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONQKOXG. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. - No cargo received on board on day of
galling. - ¦ " • . •
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 25th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
.;. Friday. March 21strl902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 15th, 1903
Round- trip '. tickets at reduced rates. .¦ For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦ - W..H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R;R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. 6. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. IS
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar 24
S. 8. Arftyll sails Tuesday. April 29
' From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m. • . •
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud 'Americana da Vaporaf
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m. '
TUCAPEL' Feb. 10| PALENA . . . .March 10
GUATEMALA..Feb. IS SANTIAGO
These steamers are built expressly for, Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.'
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
oeeamcs.s.co.sss
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
i land and Sydney.. Sunday, Feb. 9, 10 a, m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
*. Saturday. Feb. 15, '02, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti, about Feb. 19.
i, D.SPBECXELS k BROS. CO., Hsnrai Agents, 327 lartoi It
Gn'l Pustngtr Cifio, 643 Hartst St., FStr lo. 7. Pacifc tt
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS- ALASKA COUPANT.
TV . . Crocker building.
Operating stage lines between Illamna Bay
and above points. ¦ ..
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
Phlla.. Feb. 12, 10 a.m. I St. Louis.Feb.26.10a.ra.
St. Paul. Feb.l9,10a.m. I Phlla., Mar. 5, 10 a. m.
/RED STAR LINE.
NEW TORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Zeeland. Feb. 12* noon] Frlesland. Feb.26.noon
Haverford. Feb. 1», noon I South wark, Mar.S.noon,
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery at.
COXPASmS . SEKXSAH TBJLN3ATLAMTIQTU
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. **>»„.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of ¦rfKjgrj*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, uJftaSffiis)
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, 970 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway' (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. > Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery ¦ avenue, - San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEE3.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
: . Steamers GEN.. FRI3BI3 or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day.. Sunday." 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vailejn 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. exceps
Sunday.* Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* SO
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
of flee, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.. ,./¦¦-. .. . ¦ ..,.'•
Michael and, Helen Gllhuly, and sleter of
Peter, John, May, Aloysius, " Gertrude." and
Willie Gllhuly, a native of San ; Francisco,
¦ aged 8 years and '6 months. ;. ™- -. , ;
CTThe funeral will . take place to-day
( Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 3020 Buchanan .street,' be-
tween Union- and Filbert.-. Interment Holy
' Cross Cemetery. : , ¦-..¦:. , >. ¦
GUNTERN— In this city, '-February. 7, 1902,
Mathilda [ Guntern, beloved wife of Adolph
Guntern, and mother of -Freda, "Franz, Leoni,
Frank and Mathilda s Guntern, '¦ a 1 native of
Selk-'r.gen, Wallis, Schweitz; -aged 35 years
5 months and 15 days. • - :
¦ (prFriehds and acquaintances, are/respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday;
i "February 9. at 12 o'clock,- from, the parlors
; bf H. F. Suhr & Co:, 1137 Mission street,
'. between Seventh and .Eighth, thence to St.
'Anthony's Church, Army and Twenty-sixth
".streets, for services. r Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • ' - r .' . >V3 -" i
HENNIG-^In " this city; - February 7, " 1902,
Katie, beloved wife of John G. Hennig, and
*s mother -of George A.- Wettmann, Mrs.- G.
Bazelotte and Frank Giltner, a native of
; Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany. A member of
Norddeutscher ¦ Frauen Verein, Deutscher
\Frauen UnterstutzunKS Verein - and . Justice
•Circle No. 104, A. O. F. -
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
HOWE — In this city, February 6, 1902, Daniel
T. Howe, beloved son of America B. Coch-
ran, and brother of John M. and James: T.
•Howe, a native of: Missouri, • aj^ed 42 yes.rs
¦ 9 months and 14 days. 1 (Oregon papers please
copy.) ¦'¦
\ (C7 1 Remains 'will be forwarded, to Eugene,
Or., to-day (Saturday), at '5:30 p. m., from
the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros.; 221
and 226 McAllister street. ¦-..- ..
HUMPHREY— In Oakland, at 126 Athol ave-
nue,- February 4, 1902. Thomas M., husband
of Minnie J. Humphrey, ' and father of Oral
and Pearl O. Humphrey, a native of Minne-
apolis, Minn., aged 55 years and 10 months.
iC^Frlends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, • February 9, 1902, at 2 'o'clock, , at
Masonic Temple, corner Twelfth and Wash-
ington streets, Oakland, under the auspices
of Live Oak Lodge No. 61. F. and A. At- In-
terment Mountain View. Cemetery. .. : ¦
JANSEN— In Alameda, Cal.',. February 4, 1002,
George A. F." Jansen^ beloved -father of Mrs.
: Charles Dittmar and Lillle, >. Mamie, George
*'M. at.d Robert P. Jansen, '.a native' 5 of
Hanover, Germany, aged 74 years.
1 , ..(cyNotice .of funeral .hereafter.
JEWETT — In ¦' this city, February : 5, 1902,
. Philo ' D.. beloved husband of Jeanie • D.
Jewett, and father Of Mrsi EY W.'Burr and
Lathrcp W.', Helen K:",- Hugh- S. and Phelps
D. Jewett, a native of Weybrldge," Vt., aged
(J4 years « months and .-5 days.' - .
(C?"Funeral " services will take * place to-
morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
, under the auspices of . California Lodge No.
1, F. and; A. M.' . Interment private. ." ¦, .
KELLY — In this city, February 5, 1902,\Ellen,
dearly beloved wife of Lawrence Kelly, and
mother of -James H., John J., Thomas T.,
Fred L. and Nellie D.'. Kelly and Mrs. J. F.
Ryan, and sister of Mrs. John Golden, a na-
natlve of County Cork, Ireland. -
in?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 124 Le Roy place, thence to' St.
Mary's Church - (Paulist ¦ Fathers), California
and Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
• her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
* ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
LOFTUS — In this city. February 6, 15)02.
Mary, wife of John Loftus, and mother 1 of
> George Marshall and the late Samuel and
Mary Ellen j Marshall, a ' native of Kings
County, Ireland, ag-ed 62 years. ; -
. C7"The funeral w.IU take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1621 Dolores street; between Twen-
ty-ninth and Thirtieth, thence to St. Paul's
Church for services at 12 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. A requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at the abovfc church Tuesday, February
11, at 9 o'clock. ¦ . '
LONERGAN— In this city, February 7, 1902,
George M. Lonerean, beloved father of Ed-
. ward George, Pierce Tobln, Mary Margaret
. and John Joseph Lonergan, a native of
' North Adams, Mass.. aged . 45 years 11
months and 22 days. ¦ • '. . . - .
[C?" Notice Of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van
, Ness avenue. . • . . .
McGUIRE — A solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repope' of . the -soul of
the late BrldKet McGuire Saturday, February
'8, at 9 o'clock, at St. .Mary's Cathedral.
Friends' and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend.
McHUGH— In this city, February 6, 1902,
Bridget McHugh, beloved sister of Felix Jlc-
Hush and Mrs. Ellen Mann, a native of
County Cavan, . Ireland.
. tpTThe funeral, will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 10' o'clock,- from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mls-
-,-sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEAD— In this city. February' 6, 1902.' James
F. Mead, beloved brother of Martin T. Mead,
Mrs. H. Dittrich, Mrs. Lou Cooper and the
late. Henry H.' Mead, a native of Michigan,
aged 46 years 1 month and 8 dayf.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully invited to attend the • funeral to-day
(Saturday), - at 11:30 o'clock," from his late
residence, 317 Paris street. Interment Moun-
. tain View' Cemetery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock
creek boat from foot of • Market street.
MEHEGAN— In this city,' February 6,. 1902, "
John J.,- beloved .husband of the late -Annie
Mehegan; , father. -et Margaret, John, Robert
and Annie • Mehe^ahf • dearly rbeloved son. cf
Jeremiah and Honora Mehegan, and brother
of Patrick -J.. -Daniel F., George. A. and
' Robert A. • Mehegan, Mrs. J." Dpran, Mrs. • J.
Donnelly and Mrs. M. • Quinlan,' a native' of
New York, aged " 39 years ] 8 months and 27
days. : * • * ' ;¦'
|C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited : to .-'attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday); at 9:36 o'clock, .from the resi-
dence : of ., his parents, 1231 Pierce street,
thence I to 1 Holy Cross Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass 'will. be. celebrated
,for the reDOse- of his soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . .... '. ... . ¦
MEHEGAN-^-In this city, February 6,: 1902,
John J. Mehegan,- husband of Margaret Me-
hegan, a native of New York, aged 40 years
and 9 months. ¦ . ' . -.
PATEK— In this city, February 7, 1902, Jo-
seph, beloved husband of Rosa Patek. and
father of Mrs. M. Littau and Max Patek," a
native, of Bohemia, Austria. ". . .- •- . ; .
PENNIMAN — In' Oakland. February 7, : 1902,
Nancy, .widow of the late John Penniman,
and mother of Etta* B: ' Penniroan and' Mrs.'
George C. Pardee, a native of Maine, aged
84 years 8 months and 20 days. , ¦¦" ¦¦• ¦
CTFrlends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited 'to attend the funeral services
. Sunday aftarnqon. February 9, 1902. . at 1
o'clock, at the . residence of Dr.' George C.
Pardee, corner' of Eleventh and Castro
streets, Oakland. , , ..
PUST — In this , February 6, 1902, Mrs.
¦ Anna E. Pust, beloved mother of Huldah T.
Planer, Amanda T. ¦ and 1 Festus A. Pust,
Mrs. Agnes '•R.' Swift and '. Mrs. Frances
Mayers, a native of Germany, aged 79 years
' 10 months and 19 days.
¦¦ (CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her- late resi-
flence, 19 . • Bernal ' avenue, near Mission
street, thance to the Church of the Ad-
vent, Laguna street, near Golden Gate ave-
nue, for services at 2 o'clock. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. ' ¦'
RILEY— In Arizona, February 5. 1002. Thomas
J... beloved son of Thomas and the late Brid-
get Riley. , and ~ brother of Mrs. James W.
Crowe and Joseph G. and James B. Riley, a
native of San Francisco.
ROWE— In this city, February 0, 1302, Cath-
erine, ¦ beloved wife. of. James Rowe, and
• mother of S ! oter Mary Gongaza,- Catherine
'¦'V.,'. Margaret C. and John J. Rowe and Mrs.
• M...-J. Kehoe, a native of County Donegal,
Ireland, aged 64 y-?ars 2 months and 1 day.
(E7"FrIends. and acquaintances are
fully invited ' to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at .0:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 114 Russ street, between •Sixth
and Seventh, Howard and Folsom, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn re-
• I qulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. _.
SAUNDERS— In this city. Walton Saunders,*
. beloved • husband of Mary F, Saunders, and
father of May Walton Saunders, a native of
Virginia, aged C2 years and 7 months. (Rich-
mond, Va., papers please copy.) . , > -.
(ETFrierds . and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to'atte/id the funeral services
Sunday, February 9. 1902, at 2 o'clock, at
his late residence, corner Fell street and Ma-
sonic 'avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. . •
SHULA— At Howell Mountain. February 5,
.. 1902, Annie, beloved wife of Martin Shula.
and mother of Anton, Frank, Joseph and
the late John Simla and Mrs.' Joseph Han-
ush, a native of Bohemia, aged 71 years and
10. months.' .. : .' .- ¦ - . , *•" . ¦ •
"¦¦. cyThe funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Sunday), at ; 9:30 o'clock, at the
• residence of Mrs. Thomas Howell, '329 'Fre-
mont street, between Folsom and . Harrison.
Interment private. , ¦
STAFFORD— In this', city, February ; 7, 1002,
William, beloved husband of .Jane Stafford,
and father of ' Nicholas, John and Annie
Stafford,- a native of, County Wexford, Ire-
land,' aged 69-years and. 7 months: (Wester,
Mass., papers please copy.)
¦ (E^Frienda'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),.- at: 11:30 • o'clock... from Jils "late
residence, 230 First* street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, for ' services/. . Interment
:.Holy Cross Cemetery! ..... . . ,
STLVIS— In this clty,.February 6, 1902, Nlchol
ana H. Sylvia, a native of- Pennsylvania, aged
J. 72-years. »- ~, ..¦...- ..-«,.--. . .;.¦-. ¦¦: ¦ : .,.,.... ¦.,
I -,-• CXFrlends and- acquaintances are. respect-
; fully invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
' -(Sunday), at. 2:15 -o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street. . Inter-
ment- Cypress -Lawn : Cemetery. _. by ¦ electric
- car from Eighteenth; and Guerrero streets.
WEBB — In ! Alameda. February; 6, -1902, 'Clar-
ence C. Webb, infant - son '. of Atwell C.\ and
' To the friends, officers and employes of the
Southern .Pacific ferry, whose .. attention
shown during- the . Illness and death . o£ our
beloved wife and mother, we return our
thanks for their sympathy and condolence. .
CAPTAIN C. H. BLAKER and Family..
CARD OF THANKS.
Jessie "Webb, a ' native of Alameda, aged 11
months and 20 days. * ¦.-. ' > .
C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited* to attend the funeral Saturday,
February 8, at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of A. C. Webb. 1232 Hegent street.: Inter-
ment' private. Mountain .View Cemetery, Oak-
H land.: .- :¦ ¦¦ ¦ .- V ¦" :..:--i '. ' .--'¦¦•¦ !
"WYMAN— In " this • city, February 6, " 1002.
John F. Wyman, beloved father of Forrest
Wyman, Mrs. Florence A. Gardner and Mrs.
Lizzie A. Hardy of Plymouth, Mass., a na-
tive .of Maine, aged 59 years 4 months and 5
- days; (Maine papers please. copy.) '
C?"Funeral'. services Sunday, February 9,
at 10 o'clock,. at the residence of his daugh-
ter, Mrs. F. A. Gardner, 659 Broderick
street, between Fulton and Grove.MAYOR SCHMITZ FILLS THE VACANT
PLACE IN BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
r% i • i~ i i rs • • ¦•' ' ' i ¦• r* . i - i ••* i I'll , nil
Robert J. Loughery, Business Agent of the Porters' and-Packers Union, Who
Was the Candidate of the, Labor Party M Sheriff at the Last Muni
\, cipal Election, Is; Appointed to Succeed the Late Lawrence J. Dwyer
Dr. Geo, Btallman, Dentist, 120 Sutter st.«
Claude Vernon Clark, a boy of 17 years,
died in St. Luke's Hospital yesterday
morning irom the effects of a bullet
wound accidentally inflicted by himself
while playing with a revolver in Santa
Cruz last June.
Killed by a Pistol Shot.
Assessor Dodge takes issue with,- Tax
Collector Smith's estimate that there will
be a delinquency : on tax collections aiyi
a consequent deficit in the city's funds of
$134,000. Dodge declares that there will
be a surplus of $12,475 15, instead < of a
deficit. The • increased , collections on
licenses and fees will swell . that figure.
says Dodge, The Assessor estimates . the
Bodge Talks of Surplus.
James ,\V. Wood, a machinist residing
in Oakland, filed a petition In Insolvency
in the United States District Court yes
terday. He owes $1100 83 and haa no as
sets. • '
Insolvent Machinist.
Tho regular Friday evening lecture at
the South Park: Settlement will be given
by Miss L." Eaves. Interesting points of
connection between Mexican and early
California history will be discussed and
illustrated. ' , :','•>. ¦ .
Lecture on Early History.
Miss Etta Loftus. the Postmistress of
We3t Point, Cat., came into collision with
a bad man recently and has written to
United States District - Attorney Wood
worth for the protection of the Govern
ment, In her letter she states that Wil
liam Balsley, aliaa Bill Adalr, came into
the postofflce on February 3 and made
himself offensive by using abusive and
vulgar language.
Miss Loftus attempted to put him out
and was assisted by several chivalrous
bystanders. Adalr. turned as soon as he
reached the sidewalk,, drew his revolver
and tired at her, the bullet, however go
ing wide of the .mark. The ruffian 'was
arrested and charged with -carrying con
cealed weapons and discharging firearms
in a public place, .but was released on a
small 'bail.-, i ¦•;
Mr. Woodworth has Informed the writer
that, she must seek redress in the State
courts, the Federal statutes not havine
any provision tor the protection of Post
mistresses in such cases.
Point by a Drunken
Ruffian,
Revolver Is Fired at Her in West
POSTMISTRESS LOFTTJS
ASKS FOB PROTECTION
H. "W. Shook, who was arrested on sus
picion Thursday night by Policeman But
ler, waa booked yesterday on a charge of
robbery. P. J. Land, a contractor,- living
at 227 Hayes street, claims that Shook
held him up on Franklin* street Monday
night and robbed him of his ¦ watch'- and
chain and a email sum of money. Land
says that Shook covered him with a re
volver to prevent him making an outcry.
Another Footpad Behind Bars.
It may be obtained from the publishers — Ly
man D. , Morse Advertising i Agency, 38 -Park
Row, New York, on receipt of the price, $2.00.
has Just been Issued 1 by-the Lyman D. Mors»
Advertising Agency, whose reputation . In the
advertising field Is world wide. It is a standard
work of reference, indlspensabla to advertisers
large and small, and as Important to the buyer
of space as a "price current" Js to a buyer of
goods. If any evidence were needed that this
work has permanently taken the lead in its
class,' it will be found. in the fact that the Ly
man D. Morse Advertising Agency has received,
a" very large number, of oommendatory letters
from the leading advertisers In both the United
States and Europe, ¦ ¦* '-.' •
Not the least or Us important features is Us
condensed form, I It may be carried with ¦ ease
In the pocket, and as such commends itself to
every traveling Dalesman, who contracts for ad
vertising In the towns alone hlfl route. Its up
to-date character Is shown by the addition of a
list of publications In Cuba.' West Indies, Mex
ico, Central ; America and South America. In
addition to . this end the general list of Dally
and Weekly . newspapers, are ! special lists of
class publication grouped under the following
heads: Magazines, ! Medical Journals, Agricul
tural and ' Religious papers and those In foreign
languages. .. •" . ¦ .- . ' ,"'.
Th*e Advertiser's Handy GuideV
i Volume XV, .
DESERTER IS ARRESTED.— Michael J.
Golden, a soldier who was serving: a sentence
on Alcatraz Island and escaped from the Pre
tldlo August 23 last, was arrested on Larkln
street yesterday afternoon by Detectives
Crockett and Cody. .
Only reliable Coal Dealers
Sell Tecla Briquettes, t'J per ton. Best and
cheapest fuel :or kitchen and grata. Phone
South U5 about them. •
Judge Justifies Colby's Act.
O. Colby, a laborer, went to the oy
ster-house of A. M. Keyes, 79 Fourth
street, Thursday night and j asked for
clam chowder. Keyes told him to call to
day. but Colby pointed to a sign outside
and demanded the chowder. Keyes asked
him to sit down at one of the tables, and
thinking he would not know the difference
placed ofcfore, him a plate of stew. Colby
was so indignant that he threw the stew
at Keyes and was arrested for disturbing
the peace. He appeared before Judge
Conlan yesterday, and after hearing the
evidence the case was dismissed.
The police were notified yesterday morn
ing by Mrs. A. Barnes, 3023 Twentieth
street, that she was attacked Thursday
night by a man who attempted to steal
her purse. She had been visiting friends
at Twentieth and Folsom streets, and
when she passed Twentieth and Harrison
Btreets she noticed a man with a long
black overcoat standing on the corner. He
followed her as far. as Alabama street,
where a man wearing a light striped gray
suit stepped out of the darkness and
seized her by the throat, throwing her to
the ground. He tried to take her purse,'
whicn she carried in her right hand, but
she kept a firm hold of it and screamed
for help. Her asailant then ran away
and was joinedby the man she first no
ticed. •
Henry W. Weer,- who lives in the Shasta
House, 246 Third street, was the victim
of a combination of circumstances Thurs
day night. While walking along Mission
street, between Second and Third,
he was struck on the head by. some un
known persons and knocked to the
ground. Weer believes his assailants in
tended to rob him, but they were fright
ened off by the approach of two men. The
good Samaritans assisted him to a saloon
on Minna street, and while the mud was
being scraped from, his clothes some one
stole his gold watch and chain.
Two Daring Attempts at Robbery
Are Reported at Police Head
quarters by the Victims.
FOOTPADS STILL CONTINUE
TO ATTACK PEDESTRIANS
Some time ago the Collector, alarmed at
the frequent escapes of Chinese. laborers
from the. custody of the steamship com
pany, suggested to the Secretary of the
Treasury the advisability of requiring the
corporation to give a 'bond in the sum' of
$500 for each Chmaman., The Secretary
thought favorably of the suggestion and
the Collector notified the steamship people
of the .correspondence. To his surprise
they returned an answer yesterday that,
they were not in. favor of a regulation
holding them financially responsible for
the sate keeping of their coolie passengers.
There were not many escapes anyhow,
there being only sixteen in nine years,
they said, and, besides, the Government
had assumed a part of the responsibi.ity.
by appointing watchmen from the Chi
nese Bureau to assist- the ¦ company's
watchmen. They Intimated that the* bu
reau watchmen were not saints and that
the Government might find out- a little
by picking the beam out of its own eye
before finding fault with the optics of tho
corporation. The Collector has forwarded
this reply to' the Secretary of the Treas
ury, and he will be heard from by and by.
During the past twelve months seven
teen Chinese laborers have escaped from
the detention shed, notwithstanding the
watchmen. Some of the escapes smacked
strongly of collusion, but no redress .'was
obtained by the Government. It. was not
pretended that the corporation connived
at these escapes; in fact,.; such was not
the case. But there were, no bonds and
nobody could be held responsible. The de
tention shed is used as the deck of a ship,
and coolies, awaiting permission to land
as well , as coolies ordered deported : aro
confined there awaiting the decision of the
Collector or the sailing of .the steamers
to take them home. Collector Strattonis
of the opinion that bonds should be given
in return for the courtesy extended by the
Government to the steamship company. ;
The agents of the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company have "notified Customs Col
lector Stratton that the company will not,
unless compelled by a treasury, regulation,
give a bond for the safe keeping of Chi
nese in the detention' shed at the Mail
dock. ¦.'...-.'. . ¦••,.' ¦
Declines to Give Bonds
ior ' Coolies on the
Mail Dock.
Becker displayed considerable feelinc.
He said that ho had been Informed by
Biter that he fed the children on mush
and dried fruit, with an occasional potato
which. In Becker's opinion, is not a fit
diet for youngsters. *'I ate a vegetarian
dinner onco," said Becker, "and then vis
ited a restaurant where- meat was served
and got on the outside of a porterhouse
steak and all that went with it."
The hearing ot the petition waa contin
ued until to-day.
"I saw this little girl at the farm the
day I visited the place and for days after
ward I could not rest thinking about her.
I remember her distinctly and If I had my
way I would bring her to my own home
and raise her."
He was followed by Christopher Becker,
a member, of the Grand Jury of Marin
County, which Investigated the Biter
farm. Becker said that when he visited
the Biters last April he was greatly
shocked by the appearance of their place.
The children, said Becker, were housed In
a manner that was shameful and he
likened their abode to an Immense box.
He said also that Mr. and Mrs. Biter's
charges did not appear to him to be prop
erly clothed, and he picked a little white
haired girl out of the boys and girls run
ning about the courtroom and, holding
her in his arms, said:
Secretary White was the first wlthes3.
He denied the existence of any conspiracy
and said he was anxious to secure the
custody of the children for their own
good. He also said his attorney had in
formed him that he was within his legal
rights as secretary of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children in pe
titioning for letters of guardianship, and
that, therefore, he wanted the custody of
the children because he believed that the
Biters were not fit and propr persons to
raise the little ones. y-
The presence of the children in the court
is due to the hearing of a petition for
guardianship over the persons of the three
Allen children tiled by Mrs. Biter. Mrs.
Biter claims that the petition tiled by Sec
retary White forithe guardianship of the
children is prompted by a desire to do her
harm and she says that White is unfit to
have control of the little ones. She also
alleges conspiracy on the part of White
and other members of the California So
ciety.
Surrouride by fifteen youngsters of all
ages, sizes, colors and sexes, Mrs. Cath
erine Biter, proprietress of the famous
Biter "baby farm", .of San Rafael, ap
peared in Department 9 of the Superior
Court yesterday and presented the little
ones as living proof that, the .charges
made against her by Secretary M. J.
White of the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children were
unfounded. The little ones were fainy
well dressed, appeared to, be in good
health and spirits, and gave no evidence
that they were poorly fed or unhappy.
Testimony was introduced, however,
showing that the charges of the Biters
were poorly housed and poorly fed.
PACIFIC MAIL
BLAMES BUREAU
The preliminary examination of Frank
I). Burton, who was caught at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel last Thursday, night .with
a trunk of s'muggled opium, will be
held before United States ¦ Court Com
missioner Heacock this morning at 10
o'clock.'
Smuggler Burton to Be Examined.
Mrs. Biter Says Secretary
White Is Not a Fit
. ; Guardian.
delinquency, based on records of former
years, at $108,741, of i which the State's
portion will be J33.540 and the city's $75.
201. The increased 1 assessment roll,
amounting to $413,830,632 81, will more than
offset the tax. delinquency, according to
Assessor Dodge.
It is pointed out to-day that on the oc
casion vf the coronation she will not rank
¦uith the relatives of otner sovereigns wno
will be in attendance, but she win follow
Mrs. Wnitelaw Reid, wife of the Special
Embassador. In European diplomacy do
provision is made for tne position at court
Junctions of relatives of a President of
a republic and it would be embarrassing
to Great Britain to assign Miss Roosevelt
to a piace among the relatives of mou
archs. This embarrassment will be avoid
ed by a relegation of Miss Roosevelt to
the class of "distinguished visitors."
"In sending the special embassv and his
daughter to the coronation," saia a diplo
mat who talked about the matter to-day,
"it is evident that the President desires to
show the world the depth of his friend
ship for Great Eritain. In any event he
has established a precedent of importance.
At every future coronation the. United
States must be represented bv a special
embassy, otherwise there will be created
an :ll-feelingr, which I am sure this Gov
ernment does not care to provoke."
In return for this signal honor Great
Britain is doubtless willing to accord 10
Miss Rooeevelt the most nattering atten
tions, "even," to quote a. well-known dip
lomat, *'to place her on a separate
tnr-jne." But tne President does not want
his caughter to receive a.ny. - :spec*a» hon
ors ana she will go to the coronation as a
•"aisiinguistiea visitor."
While it is generally known that the
President was actuated by a desire to
comply with his daughter's Wish, the fact
is not lost sight of In diplomatic circles
that Europe will regard the presence of
Miss Roosevelt as an indication of the
friendship felt by the administration for
England.
CALL BUREAU. 14C6 G STREET. X.
W.. WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— President
Roosevelt's permission to his daughter,
Miss Alice, to attend the coronation of
King: Edward VII, is looked upon by dip
lomats In Washington as an extraordinary
honor to Great Britain.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
The committee held an afternoon ses
sion, during which Senator Morgan ques
tioned Admiral Walker concerning the
difficulties of c.onstructing a canal by the
Panama route. He asked especially about
the effect of the water discharge through
the spillway from the artificial lake to be
made by the construction of the Bohio
dam. In response Admiral Walker said
that he thought it possible that the water
would find Its way back into the canal,
but he did not seem inclined to think that
the canal would be injured by it If it d.d.-
Admiral Walker will continue his testi
mony to-morrow.
He expressed the opinion tnat Brito har
bor, at the Pacinc end of the Nicaragua
route, would possess an advantage Over
the Panama harbor, in that vesseis would
be immediately able to avail themselves
in the former of the trade winds, while in
Panama Bay they would noc secure this
advantage until lowed out to sea. How
ever, he thought that good harbors could
be cheaply secured at the western ter
minals of both routes.
With reference to the estimate that ten
years would be necessary to buad the
Panama canal, white eight years would
sutnee for the construction of the canai
by the Nicaragua route, he said the dif
ference againt.1 the Panama route was
due largeiy to the extent of the great
Culebra cut and the Bohio dam. He
thought that In ordinary weather steam
vessels would be able to make their way
through the Panama canal without being
towed, but that towage might be neces
sary when the winds are high.
The admiral spoke at some length upon
the engineering features of tne two
canals. Senator Harris questioned him
especially with reference to the difficulty
of excavating for the Bohlo dam, develop"
ing the fact that It would be necessary to
sink the proposed piers to a greater depth
than had ever been done for such a pur
pose. The foundation of the pier will be
V£, feet below sea level, and tne witness
said there were differences of opinion ag
10 the atmospheric pressure and the pos
sibility of seepage at th.s depth in that
ci.mate. He said that with reference to
stepage the engineers of the commission
lii-d not agreed.
.Admiral Walker was also questioned
concerning the possibility of utilizing the
cnagres Kiver as a part ot the canai. He
jiuiu.tttd that it was a torrential stream,
but expressed the opinion that it could
be safely confined.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— Admiral John
C. Walker, chairman of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, testified before the
Senate Committee on Interoceanic Canals
to-day. In reply to numerous questions
he explained the reasons for the recent
recommendation of the acceptance of the
offer of the Panama Canal Company.
LEGAL BATTLE
OVER CHILDREN
CANDIDATE FOR SHERIFF ON UNION LABOR PARTY TICKET IN
THE RECENT CAMPAIGN WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED BY MAYOR
ECHMITZ TO THE VACANCY-ON THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.
Admiral Walker Believes
That the Cnagres Is v
Available.
Diplomats Comment on
Miss Roosevelt's Pro
posed Trip.
GREAT HONOR
IS THE KING'S
RIVER MIGHT
AID THE CANAL
At inidnignt ail were ready for the
feast. The stands were removed, th«
venders packed tneir wares and tne in
teriors 01 tne stores were obscured from
tne public gaze, street lights were aug
mented by thousands or eiectnc buius
and the racket commenced, airings of
nrecrackers ot the giant variety were feu
out rrom windows and balconies and ex
ploded with a deafening roar.
All day yesterday the josshouses were
thronged with supplicants, and the Chi
nese visited one another in their homes.
The Interiors of the latter were decorated
in gaudy colors and sweet-scented flow
ers. Tables piled high with fruit, roast
pig and other delicacies gave evidence of
the teasts that are to follow. The res
taurants'were similar in appearance.
The holiday will continue three days.
To-day will be a visiting day, oevoted to
ladies, and should 'the weather be clear
the display will be striking.
Before the celebration opened temporary
stands nad been erected lur the diupudition
of Holiday wares and were patromzea by
niousauuj ot purcnasers. W ntsrevor cuiu
space could be ¦ lound venderj displayed
tneir trinKets and snouted in pidgin Eng
lish wny they were there.
Inintg the early evening thousands of
visitors swarmed into the district, parad
ing ijupont street ana Joatiing taruugti
vne alityways. 'i'hos'e who • were not
unveii home by the rain remained unui
tne early morning hours, when tne hnar
ny haa abated aud lights were out. Tney
came iuil or anticipation that the Ohines-J
Keep open nouse and uiui CAmatown ;it
suca a time la a mecca for candy and
souvenirs, out the barred aoors exienauu
no welcome.
Festivity is the order of. the day in the
Chinese quarter. New Year opened early
yesterday morning with a blaze and
a' bang. When the striking 'of
the clocks ushered, 'in the. joyous
event the Mongolians, having paid
their debts and laid aside hatch
ets and guns, appeared on the streets and
hied themselves to the various meeting
houses, where they inhaled Incense and
worshiped at the snrine of the high joss.
The narrow thoroughfares burn bright
wiih lanterns and resound with the sput
ter of fireworks. The noise of clanging
gongs can be heard as far 3outh as Mar
ket stieet. But the rain has taken the
spirit out of the celebration. As it was
lust year, so it is again, and the saltliko
slippers are bespattered with mud and me
gaudy silks drenched, with the product ot
ine clouds.
New Year Opens in the
Chinese Quarter With
Much Noise.
WITH A BLAZE
AND A CLANG
sors caused by the death of L. J. ;
Dwyer. Loughery was the Union Labor
party's nominee for Sheriff at the last
municipal election. The convention gave
him the nomination by acclamation. He
had only one competitor, whose name was
withdrawn before the ballot was cast. For
the office of Sheriff Loughery received
17,415 votes. This large vote attested his
popularity in labor circles. The conven
tion . recognized him as an earnest advo
cate of the cause of union labor. When
the recent strike was ordered he was the
business agent of the Porters'. Packers'
and Warenousemen's Union and also a
member of the executive committee of the
City Front federation. Prior to his ac
ceptance of the agency for the union he
was employed by Levi\ Strauss & Co., but
resigned his place with that firm to serve
his fellow workers. In appointing him to
the office of Supervisor Mayor Schmltz
recognized a Democrat of the Union La
bor ranks.
The newly appointed Supervisor ls 40
years of age and a resident of the Mission
district.
It is the Impression that the •• recount
now in progress will still further change
the complexion of the Board of Supervi
sors. 1 The Indications are that Alpers and
Eggers will not be able to retain their re
spective places. ...
MAYOR SCHMITZ last, evening
announced the appointment of
Robert J. Loughery to fill the va
cancy In the Board of Supervi-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1902.
14
Light, Sweet
are more easily, speedily,
unfailingly made with
BAKING POWDER-
Royal Baking Powder is the great-
est of time and labor savers to the
pastry cook. Besides, it economizes
flour, butter and eggs, and, best of
all, makes the food more digestible
and healthful. •
The "Royal Baker and Pastry There are cheap baking pow-
Cook"— over Soo practical ders, made from alum, but
and valuable cooking re- their astringent and cauter-
ceipts — free to every izihg qualities add a
patron. Send full address. dangerous element to food.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 1.00 WILLIAM ST, NEW YORK.
THIS IS THE LAST DAY
OF OUR SALE OF - - -
WOMEN'S FLANNEL
liilliilii
The prices we've marked them to
sell for are so ridiculously low that
we're sure by to-nrflht' we won't have
a Flannel Waist left in the store.
What's left of our $1.50 and Jl FLANNEL,
WAISTS bo on sale to-day at, ACkt-
each. . ..................;... 7* %J w
What's left of our f 5, f 4 and $3 FLAN-
NEL. WAISTS so on sale «ir | czf\
to-day at,, each ;..... <J5««O\/
nllCORSETS!!!!
' ' Remember, our corset guaranteo gives
you protection : No matter how low the
price you pay for our corietg, you can
'wear same 80 days, If then not satisfactory
return the worn corset and we'll tfve you
back your money. %
2 CORSET SPECIALS.
qq>, for. any $1 50 CORSET In the
t/OC store. , This ¦ Includes ths latest
• Tap« Girdle Corset, which ls sold all over
' theclty at-?l 60. , : \
fiT 1 A. Q for tLn y * 2 CORSET in the
€p!I«ttO 'store. These s corset specials
-;> on ! sale to-day only. " .«'.i- J
Ig^illiiosiB^^
Our 17o . CHILDREN'S FULL FINISH
; BLACK HOSE) — double knee, heel and
toe; sizes 5 to 10. On sale, I 1 ,-»
pair. 1 1 V
Our 25o WOMEN'S FULL, FINISH BKD-
. FORI> RIBBED HBRMSDORFF I «T^
BLACK HOSS. On sale, pair.. 1 i C
One Special Taken- From a Few Lead-
. fog Departments on Sale To-Djy
at Aimosl Hall Price.
J-Q/> for Jl WOMEN'S FLANNEL
€9Ow WRAPPERS.
TRf* tor * : 60 WOMEN 1 S MERCER-
( OW IZED SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS,
flounce lined' and trimmed' with- ruffles,
. accordeon plaiting and cording, >
QQp for WOMEN'S M HAND CRO-
tlOW CHETED WORSTED SKIRTS,
APZr» tor 7Bo WOMEN' 8 FLANNEL
TTU^ SKIRTS, ruffle trimmed, with
tucks and wide torchon lace, .--
Oft r, for 75o EIDERDOWN DRES3-
pUW ING SACQUE8,
: |'ff» (or ' 25o " WOMEN'S " LONO
IOv SLEEVE UNDERVESTS,
t*7r> 'op 25o CHILDREN'S LONG
liv SLEEVE UNDER VESTB OR
> PANTS, siaes 2 to- 14.
Luster Taffeta Wash Ribbon
Sale.
No. 1, IVi Inches wide, on sale, yard..,5e
No, 9, 1% Inches wide, on sale, yard...6o
No, 12, 2H inches wide, on sale, yard,.TVie
We're Open . To-Night lill 11 O'clock*
1212.1214 MARKET SL>
Between Taylor and Jones,
SPECIAL. BAftGAIHS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
OUR PATRONS AND THE PUBLIC
1 Generally are requested. In order to a^enr*
Granulated Best Cans SUBAR. 22 lbs. $1,00
JAMS, Purity Brand, 3 cans.. 25c
Raspberry. Strawberry. Blackberry. Cur-
' jgooseberry. Plum. Finest quality.
Sweet Wines (Vintage 1892), qt. hot. 25c
Her!' 4 S^a7d 3Catel - **** A **' llC *'
GRAPHS, Package :,.......... I2i3
CHOiCtPoiiit Reyes CREAMERY, square 40c
rt .«' Ia Rej. 50c.
rlnsst Creamary, Our Special, square 45c
BE^B5aa < SKTB."?.*...Mj
M0C.1A ani JAVA, Our Best Coffee, Ib. 25c
KOLLAhD biN, Large White Eottle, $1.25
MEW SEASON'S TEA?, 6 Kinds 43&>
MT _Reff. 60c and 75c lb. gw^
SJRlhB BEARS. Golden Wax, 4 Sans 25c
IMP. bAHDiwhs, Flag Bran?, 3 Ca.is-.25c
Best of French. Ree 12V e
ROYAL BAKIN6 PdWOhii, i¥. Can... 40s
fcr !ff!i!L c S l 2yi!!-CM--9.05
SSOreH SS25S— WHISKEY, rt. but. - .856
niT I ef 1 o rtea r T ° m , ScotIan 1- R«. $1.15
CATSUP, l. Bris.' trrand, qt. bot....i2l5
Kins of all. Rer 15c
BHIRABOtLLrS SSSfi^ Hi. cu.,.256
SMALL" WHITE BEANS, 6 lbs 25c
Best quality. Re*. S lbs for 25a
BA ™°5ml est GoT8 °' st8ri - 3 c a«s 25c
STRY10EBV «ND SOAP, 7 caKes .... 25s
U 1348-1354 Market ? trost.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branca Storea.
For Stomach Disorders.
: ." : Cout and Dyspepsia
, drink
Bc«t NATURAL Alkaline! Water
220 BROADWAY. X. T.
¦ -' '¦ -.V . , ,
Parker's")
Balsam ; ;
Promotea the grcnrtti ot tho hair and ! !
j ; Etres tt the lustre and slDdaeas or JOUtU. \
« ; WUen the Hair is pay cr jaded tt < '
JBR1NGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL J!
¦ J It pre-venta Dandnar and hair **iwr»y \ !
J and keeps the scalp dean and healtnr l!
t DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECULISTS FO.^ MO.
. Established 1SSL Con-
, foltatlon and private boon
free at office or by m*^
Cures ruaranteed. jj
731 MARKET SI. ~
SAN FRANCISCO CAU
Bale's. |j ,. HaIe>s - "^
J&.^^GovS'Got&EZZ' Dollar Cloved
We close at 6 o'clock every _
Saturday evening. r*FettV Kelts
New VeilingS 25c. And Buckles.
Fancv Tuxedo, with silk self dots We've lately received many new style,
as well as silk chenille dots, in black. *a these dressy pieces,
white, or white on black, or black on Belts—
white. ' 5Oc— Black satin tucked belts, girdle
Also— back, some studded with steel, dip
Plain Tuxedofr-White and black. bu <*k ln oxidized or gold.
Paucy Spider Meshes-Plain and Tg^i^-^lgt^hw
dotted. of very fine tucks, studded with
Chiffoiu-Stamped dots. £ tee 1 l, and finl3hed wlth a dainty dip
*?T? 1S 1T6tS - With Cm - •ES^Ftn. a^ortxnent. both ta
broidercd dots. * satin tucked and elastic, all finished
The latest things from .New with oxidized or gold buckles.
York. -V • ' S1.2S— Tucked of black taffeta,
• bound with narrow velvet ribbon and
. . four-Inch girdle back, set off with
r . pretty steel buckle. a
/""" 7"^ +^vS 8.1. KO— Black silk, elastic belt. IK In.
A^ ; #k v^ /^X_jf wlde t steel studded, nne oxidized N
I "^iV YJ*C* AS F**s 82.00— Stylish black eatin belt, flna
fflS^Va /"A £& \ J tucks, bordered with narrow velvet
J^-J^M V ribbon, studded In steel, finished
%^. r with ste«l slide and dip buck^
Buckles—
14/1 — ~{\1\ <r* ~Ar ,• ims* 35c— Steel buckles In most «tvll*h
ManV iVlaSkS IOC. effects, regular price 60c " t7Ualx
,,,_.. . ._ 5Oc— In latest Jeweled designs cold
May take off anybody you want to. or oxidized and French gray
"Baby," "Schoolgirl," "Tramp, :
"Dutchman," "Chinaman," "negro • r?:*^^v IT./- \/ f '
(man or woman), "Clown," "Dude," Ulie rUr ValUeS.
"Old Man," "Old Lady." Good inn- **
tations. Well made. ioc. ScaPtS—
Cotton Masks 5c— Colors. SI. 75— Electric seal, three tails on
Wire Masks 2Oc— Ladies' or Rents'. each end « chain 'astening.
Children's Masks 2c— All charac- 5 tabs at thc
We'' charge nothing extra for wire •Sffi^ Imitotlon . stone marten - «*
fasteners. . - _ r , $3.95— Beavea, with six tails.
j , r s-> j c i S5.T5— Electric seal, stone marten
. Another Candy . Sale. tails at neck and in ends.
- OTHER SCARFS UP TO $23.50 but
__ . • . • too few of a kind to bear particular
4OC BtltterCUpS emphasis: all good values.
g — ¦ K* \j 1 b<2mG c two
ID. 84.25— Tab collarette- with aattn Un-
c/ w ..a:^- Ing, six -tails. .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~* S6. 75— Combination tab collarette
— ~ ~~ 7" yoke of Persian lamb, trimmed with
Sweet and delicious, made with electric seal, satin lined, six tails,
nut filling and in such flavors as 8 7. 5 O— Combination collarette blend-
vanilla, orange, molasses, violet, fd sable, electric yoke, satin lined. <
strawberry, lemon or chocolate. go5f fee %1 ° M *" U > t0
A candy that sells right along at
40c a pound we will sell to-day /'"•i.jij j it j
25c. Children's Underwear
Also— ¦ Qg>r» -
Fine French Mixed 25c. . . ov " #
q. - • • q 'Vests or pants.
Buy your Valentines and have Splendid, garments, fleece-lined—
' ', . , , u , ecru; sizes 20 to 34. Seams all fall
them mailed at Haie S. y finished; self-finished around the
* neck.
\ .^ .^^ '—-
sjlnest pariors in ufe^/
IKRAGEN'S Snerial 1
Patent Chair. Dtvan and Davenport £" * * M
FOLDING BED. r\« a 1
*jj 20 styles of Extennion Tables. ||
<fi BED CLOSED ¦ ' w 8t y les OI Parlor Tables, £3
K Will be boM at 25 per cent discount for K
m • caeh ' We w131 Be H on 'y on « °f eilc k «tyle, R
E B0 lf you deBlre t0 * et the benefit of thii M
« / r! ~g5u^^-^;^i^?rVyfl discount com* early and have the entire 63
M tf?5*RS§p^^^r-*^r^?y^1 a«ortment to select from. EB
N rt£§ri3ffii^^§Sw?»<'*^S^ Tnls ls a genuine reduction sale and one M
m B^^^^^^^K^^^^g ) ha t lh as never been offered before In San j|
I _JsK K'r^crpn f upnliure i
I BBDoST iVICl^C II Company, i
i Cheapest and Beet Foldlnft Bed 1015-1017 MARKET ST. i
H on Earth. Tel. South 371. ¦ ' gj