FIERCE BATTLE IS FOUGHT BETWEEN TROOPS
san Fran cisco^ frid^y; February 21, 1902;
VOLUM E XCI.-^TO. 83.
PRlbS— £WE CENTS.
PROMINENT STATESMEN OF THE UNITED STATES, GREAT BRITAIN,
GERMANY AND JAPAN WHO ARE "OSTENSIBLY STRIVING TO PRE
VENT RUSSIAN ENCROACHMENT IN. THE FLOWERY KINGDOM.
Russia Friendly, but Expresses
Regret at the Stand
. Continued on Page Two.
2 PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 20.— Captain Ed-'
w-ard Chambreaii, one ; of the ; best ; known
scouts; in .the Indian wars In« the' North-''
west) 'died 'to-day,' aged 81 yearn. V'.\}-
Death of Famous . Scout.
r WILLEMSTAD; Curacaot Feb., 20.— The
¦Venezuelan Government ' has received '"re
ports that the partisans of General Matos[
the leader., of; the, 'present revolution
against President Castro, /who; .under the
command o.' ,; Generals Riera ?ahd .'-' Peria^
loza, lately .landed "on. ; " the -vVeriezuelan
coast 1 near^Velade'Coro^were defeated by
the ¦Government troops February 17.
VENEZUELAN f TROOPS
DEFEAT ; . REVOLUTIONISTS
MA.DRID, v Feb. .20.— According .to
telegrams received here late to
night 'from Barcelona,; the street
•-fighting there continues. . 'The
¦ heavy ¦: rain i which', fell ; during ' the ; day
helped 'to disperse - the ¦ rioters, '. and - the
authorities are '; taking severeVmeasures.
'\ ¦ A'. proclamation has been ,- Issued order
ing^ all -private, individuals to : surrender
any \ w-eapons .they ' . may'. possess", \ under,
\ia in ¦ of severe penalties. - . ¦'¦ The - sale .' of ¦
armshas also been prohibited^'- .. .
.', Forty, workmen's "associations^ have been
dissolved and the' members 6t : their^com
mittces' arrested. \ The dwellings:; of;', the
Htrlkei leaders and; of anarchists are being
registered' and : put T under; guard.' .' '¦ ..'
'. ¦ The battleship Pelayo ; has been' ordered
to Barcelona.' -.';, ¦ •. ':" ...... .
.'¦ihe military' engineers .have^ assumed
control" of % the street -car. servlce.'..and a- :
few'.\ cars, . : half ,' filled .with - soldiers, ; are
running. Even the; funeral coaches" have
FACTORIES ARE. BURNED.
The factories ;. were burned. At a
vro man's meeting . held • at Caateilon- d© la
The strike movement has begun to
spread seriously. < At Castellon de la
Plana, taking 'advantage of the] night and
the absence' of . the police, the strikers' set
lire to. two, factories with the aid of
petroleum. ¦
._', A , pitched battle occurred in the out
skirts ] of the city between the strikers
and the military escort attached to -sev
eral wagons that were bringing in provi
j-lons. The contents of the wagons were
dragged ;out ;and. barricades were built
ocross. the .road. .The rails have been
tern, up to prevent trains from entering
the" city.. .
to t be protected .by the soldiers. No let
ters have been delivered in Barcelona In
three days, and in some; distant parts ot
th; town business is completely paralyzed.
Members Decide^ to Disregard the
Resolutions , Adopted by/ the ¦ .
Chanaber of - Commerce.
WASHINGTON, , Feb.; 20^The members
of the. California delegation in. Congress,
after' conferences 'held ./to-day,;-" unani
mously; decided' j to disregard the ' resolu
tions recently adopted by % the Chamber of
Commerce 'of 'San Francisco favoring the
admission ; of Chinese ; merchants, [ sales
men," bookkeepers . and others of . the mer^:
chant classV .The delegation took the view
that' this modification of the pendingiMit^
chell-Kahri • exclusion » bill .would ,' give a
loophole of .which ,the Chinese Immigrants
would quicklyj avail themselves. Later in
the day; the California; delegation was'as
sured by! Senatpr.Penrose^ that an
sion -bill ' would soon be frepor ted from his
"committeeJ -,';:W ''^: ¦ '-' .'¦¦ :j I }'. .
CALIFORNIA DELEGATION
OPPOSES JffODIFICATION
. LONDON, 'Feb. 2O.-In the - House of
Commons to-day the Under Secretary for
the Foreign Office. Lord Cranborne, said
In reply; to a question by Henry .Norman
(Liberal) that , his Majesty's Government
did/not doubt the good faith of Russia's
promise; to restore :• the administraiion of
l .^ e ?H^i°r?- 8 at Nluch wangr to tjh'e; Chinese,
so soon> as circumstances permitted ithia
.to. be done., Lord Cranborne declined ; to
be 'drawn into .an anriouricement/of ?the
steps'-the* Government might .take un
der \ the % Anglo- Japanese treaty, to effect
such restoration.'
• :" Th ls second audience, like the first, was
undignified, because of the lack of order.
The diplomats.;; on "entering the :' hall,
rushed toward the throne? scrambling for
a sight of the imperial party. . y ¦' ,:Ji
' : The officials said the Emperor sneered:
noticeably several times. . ." As in the ' caVe, '
of, the first audience,: their Majesties. were ¦
subjected to the operation of .: cameras,
whiclr, the Chinese consider undignified '.'¦•''
• - ¦ ¦ -. . ' • r^
congratulatory -speech' to the Emperor,
and Prince Chlng, head of the Foreign
Office, read the Emperor'B reply. The
Dowager Empress and Baron .Czikann
von Wahlborn exchanged , impromptu re
marks. - . v
PEKING, Feb. 20.— The Dowager '. Em
press and the ' Emperor granted a new
year's audience to the diplomatic! corps
to-dayl The Dowager Empress was seat
ed on the throne,;with. the Emperor "oc
cupying a chair at her; left, a step lower
down. - Baron Czikarin 'von Wahlborn,'. the
Austrian Minister to'.Chlnai* addressed 'a
CHINA'S EMPEROR SNEERS.
This declaration of the policy and views
of the United States. Government ought to
help clear away much- of, the nonsense
which. has. been talked- about the" 'Anglo-
Japanese agreement. ¦ The . Times editorial
concludes by _ highly complimenting Lord
Roseberyas the originator of a far-seeing
policy and the understanding with Japan
and says: ."It was Lord. Rosebery/ who
sowed the . seed of which Lord Lans
d'owne has gathered the' harvest for the
empire."- .
Washington has invariably maintained
the most friendly relations with . Russia,
continues the Times, yet Secretary Hay
formulates • In the plainest and most
trenchant terms the . very objections ¦ to
the Russian projects in Manchuria" which
have been entertained and urged here.
Secretary Hay's dispatch shows how, well
founded was. the- expectation of Lord
Cranborne, the Under Secretary of For
eign . Affairs, that the ¦ Anglo-Japanese
agreement would , command the . full ap
proval, of the Washington Government.
tious jealousy of Russia on the part of
England and Japan.
Extra Forces Sent to Scenes
of Strife and Martial
Law Extended.
JT ONDON, Feb. 20.— A message to the Exchange Telegraph
¦'i Company from Barcelona, , via '¦. Pferpignan, France, says a
¦'!¦'¦ fierce battle has been fought. between the troops and the riot
er'S;in the suburb of Barcelona knozvn as Sano. Before the
engagement the cavalry and infantry had been' posted in the most
¦ dangerous ; points and a field battery had been located on the plaza,
from which vantagt point the.giins. could szveep the surrounding
streets; When the -final 'clash zvitji the troops occurred the artillery
was ¦ brought' vito action and . raked street after street. / The rioters
engaged the 'batteries -at, close range, but, were finally driven off. It
is . reported that • persons were killed' and woutided on both sides.
The entire neighborhood' zvas .zvrccked. by the. shells. The ruins
caught fire 'and Mis completed the destruction. Further, fighting . 'is
reported 'at Mataro, fifteen miles from Barcelona, zvhere a quan
tity * of : arms has .been discovered. [Fighting is also reported at Tor
tosa and ¦Tarragona/respectively ioo and 50 miles soiithzvcst of
Barcelona. '¦-..]- *v
LONDON. Feb. 21.— In an editorial on
the Anglo- Japanese relations the , Times
tays that the protest which Secretary
Hay has sent to the Russian and Chinese
Governments is proof, if proof were
needed, that the considerations which
have given rise to the Anglo-Japanese
agreement are not an outcome ' of- cap-
PROOF OF GOOD WILL.
Hay regards it as "a monopoly which
Is a distinct breach of the stipulations
of the treaties concluded between- China
and the foreign powers.". . and, says it
thereby seriously affects the rights of
American citizens. -
The note sent by Secretary Hay to Rus
sia and China declares that any agree
ment whereby China gives' any corpora
tion or company the exclusive *right or
privilege of opening mines, establishing
railroads or in any other wayj industrially
developing Manchuria can but be .viewed
¦with the gravest concern by, the Govern
ment of the United States.
Tower. Embassador to 'Russia, reported
that some regret was expressed in official
circles there at the action of the United
States in protesting ' against the Russo-
Chinese bank arrangement, but Russia is
decidedly friendly . > this - country, and
those in position to know say that she Is
disposed to conform as far as possible to
the interests of this Government.
pressed in official circles that
A'merican interests will not be injured by
any treaty negotiated by those countries.
It is impossible to definitely ascertain
upon what this is based, but It Is appar
ently upon the discussion which has oc
curred In. St. Petersburg and Peking be
tween the American representatives and
the Governments to which they are ac
credited. X
y—>« ALL BUREAU. 1J06 G STREET,
£ 'N. W.. WASHINGTON. Feb.
B 20.— As a result of Secretary
Hay's representation to China
and Russia confidence Is ; ex-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
All Powers to
Respect Our
Rights.
After. Spending Thousands in Dissi
pation the Financier's Relative
Ends His Life.
EL. PASO, Tex.. Feb. 20.— "Jack" Mor
gan, nephew of J. Pierpont Morgan of
New York, : blew his brains out at Chihua
hua to-day after expending all his ready
funds in dissipation.' -
Young Morgan." whose home was at San
Andreas, Cal., but whose parents formerly
lived at Sari Francisco, struck ; El Paso
twelve days ago on his way. to MexlcoV
He'had draf ts. aggregating ;$10,000 on his
person. " These ¦ he cashed and expended
full $8000 in riotous living in. the tender
loin district. 'He left 'here ; one, week
ago for Chihuahua,, Mexico, and'¦{re
morse seems to : have seized upon, him
there, for. advices : to-day state that he
blew out his brains this morning. -
• •Morgan was about 35 years old and a
Mason - - • .
NEPHEW OF MORGAN
A " SUICIDE IN . MEXICO
Women took a prominent share in the
riots; and were more violent than the
men. Among the incidents related of the
disorders at Barcelona is the case of a
The Government declines to publish
figures of the casualties in the riots of
Tuesday and Wednesday. It is inferred
from private information received here
that; forty persons were killed and 200
wounded during the encounter of those
days, and that 500 arrests have been
ma6V. Alt persons who were slightly
wounded were concealed by their friends
in order to avoid prosecution.'
One hopeful sign is the fact that al
most alone among the Ministers and gov
erning authorities General Weyler is in
sympathy with the Catalonian demands
and Is inclined to study their grievances.
He has held military commands in Cata
lonia, speaks the Catalan language and
thoroughly understands the situation.
WEYLER IN SYMPATHY.
Owing to the strict censorship over
news from Barcelona it is difficult to as
certain the real state of affairs there. It
is quite certain, however, that all the
efforts of the authorities to persuade the
labor leaders into a conciliatory attitude
have so far failed, and the extension of
the strike movement is more likely than
it3 restriction. In. addition to the labor
movement the ever-present Catalan home
rule agitation is likely to prove a. se
rious factor in the situation.
Official telegrams received here describe
a slight Improvement in the situation at
Barcelona, and .officials to-night seem
more hopeful.
It is learned late to-night that martial
law has been proclaimed at Nanresa
(about thirty miles northwest of Barce
lona), and at Saragossa. At the latter
place the troops have occupied a strat
egic position in order to check the dis
turbances. .
A ¦ strike commenced" at Valencia, but,
owing tb the refusal of the dock labor'
ers to participate it did not become gen
eral. The police at Valencia, assisted by
the troops, have up to the present time
been able to maintain order there.
At Saragossa most of the factories have
already closed on the demands of the
workmen and the strikers are bringing
pressure to bear to compel the factories
still remaining open to close their doors.
The captain general of Saragossa has
¦wired for reinforcements.
Plana a general strike was voted.
MOTHER OF- THE KING OF SPAIN
AND TWO OFFICIALS WHO ARE
SEEKING TO CHECK RIOTS.
Five Hundred in
Killed and
Wounded.
; The'Market-street Railway ..Company
extended the option of the Baltimore syn
dicate on the purchase of lts'sto<?k thirty j
days yesterday. The option only ran until ¦
tjie 2Sth inst.
: The syndicate; has the money-^$14,000,000
—ready to make the purchase, so it Is not
lack of capital that caused the request
lor the extension. Time is ,K needed in
which to select the local- members of the
board • of directors and arrange other
matters, of importance. Had there been;
any question about extending the option'
the Baltimore people would have paid the
total amount at once.
• J. M. Duwane of the firm of Brown
Bros, 'of New York is -the man" who, will
select the ! new- board of 'directors,* which,
will be compdsed'of public spirited men'
of this city. It was supposed by the syn
dicate ._that_, Mr-^pu^anj^^ojulAVcornplete-.
this work ¦ bef ore .the^last* of -i this > month.
' He found,", however, that he would not
be able to do so and made a, report to
that effect to the New York financiers.
A dispatch .was "at once sent out to the
directors .'of the Market Street Railway
asking for an extension • of thirty, days,'
which was granted. .'/¦';"
A local representative of . the syndicate
said last evening that the prospective buy
ers in 'the East were, ready at any mo
ment to" put up every dollar of the pur
chase price, ' but' that the extension" of
thirty days .was asked>slmply toarrange
for the selection of»the new board of di
rectors. He; explained that during the
next thirty, days Air.: Duwane would call
upon some of the influential capitalists ot
this city and ask them to serve on the
board of directors of the Market Street
Railway under the new administration.
The moment that the list of directors is
complete the. final; step toward •" turning
the road over to the new owners will be
taken, 'v s:s':. ' ¦• V:"A '¦va'';-
Haste.
; , ... ...... . . .
Money Is - Ready, but Selection of
the. Local -Members of Board '/¦]'{
¦ Cannot Be Made in' - :
Impossible to Complete the
Transac: ion Within Speci
; fied period. * ., '¦¦¦]
Market- Street Railway
Directors Grant Ex-
V tension. ; v \v.
THIRTYDAYS
MORE TIME TO
CLOSE DEAL
SECRETARY HATS- PROTEST
IS PROOF OF UNCLE SAM'S
SUPPORT OF NEW TREATY
AND STRIKERS NEAR THE CITY OF BARCELONA
Spatn, espscmily. in the province of \ Caiaicnia, is on the verge of a revolution. Conflicts between strikers and troops led up to a\ pitched battle yesterday at Sano, a suburb of
Baicelona. ' The number of persons [\ killed and 'w.unded on both sides is estimated at 500. Martial law has been proclaimed at Barcelona, Manresa and Saragosa. There is a prospect
of the strike extendng to Seville and Verona, in which event a Ministerial crisis is rnot unlikely. \' ¦ .'¦[ \ : .\'\ ';¦ /¦¦';
The San Francisco Call.. >POLJCEMAN •• WHO " WAS I THE |
,',v TARG-ET; OF« A "= WOULD-BE '
ASSASSIN.'.: r - ' ;; -¦¦¦'' "
Continued From Page One
Suicide ; of . an Assistant; Cashier
- Causes an Order' by a
¦Court. :
V .TACOMA, : Febl : 20.— Judge i Douglas of
' Dawson - has ? given r notice . that : hereafter
all i women shall be prohibited' from 'work-'
lrig in resorts .where.they get a percentage"
on ithe ; sales of ; liauor^ and ; other refresh
ments. ; A Thi3 order : is the result of ? the
suicide •: Thomas « MIddleton. assistant
cashier in the Gold Commissioner's : office.
Middleton committed suicide after. having
sp2nt;all .his money and. $3000- in Govern
ment" coin on women in saloons. '
WOMEN ARE BARRED
.¦'¦FROM; DAWSON' 'SAXOONS
L'He'made the 700 yards in 10:02 3-5, beat,
ylng the record of 11:04 4-5, which was held
f by Stanley B. a French,Uhe English swim»
rmer, and, had stood since 1896. • He covered
'. the r 800 : yards r in -\ 11 :31 1-5, clipping -1 one
r minute ;. and forty- four : seconds off the
! record, which was also J held ,by French, 1
and^defeated Wieland, who was second
by, fifty ' yards. Wenck was ten yards be
hind vWieland.' /After r.beating; the record
for 800 yards'Brewfer .< continued in an ¦ ef
fortTto smashi^the half-mile, mark = of
12:45 2-5, which; was ; held by himself. T * He
succeeded in, making it in 12:39-1-5.
In > the 800-yard : race again st • Fred Wie»
land of the* Central .Y. M. ; C. A. and Fred
Wenck of -Yale University; he lowered the
records for 700 and 800 yards and the half
mile. .; .. .-;. ;. , ..¦..' ¦.-,¦'.¦•¦¦.•¦- : .: ¦=-.;¦ = „¦
SWIMMES. BBEWER SECTTBES
MORE : W6HIJ>'S RECORDS
The „ Soven-Hundred Yard j Mark Bas
¦ Stood for Six .Years in the :
':l:< .^jy. Name of an. Englishman. , ;
: " CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— Howard F. . Brewer.
the ; Pacific Coast -swimmer, broke three
more 'American middle-distance records at
the sportsman' s show : to-night. , Jl
WASHINGTON,' Feb.' 20—Reports\hav
ing been widely that. Attorney
General Knox. had decided to resign from
the Cabinet; it can? be 'stated that there is
absolutely no 'basis; for these reports.
Knox "Will Not - Resign.
The feeling over the importation of Jap
anese . is - very, bitter ; among . the ¦ union
miners, andserious.trouble is anticipated.
The coal: companies justify themselves by
saying they, cannot secure sufficient white
miners ; to ''operate their property profit
ably, v ; - : ; • • - ¦ • ~
' Resolved, By the House of , Representatives
of the State of : Colorado, the Senate.concur
ring, ¦ ; that it * Is the sense of the ; Thirteenth
General . Assembly that the Congress of the
United States shall take steps to exclude from
this country all of this class of -Asiatic labor
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 20.— The follow
ing , joint ¦ resolution- which '", originated in
the House last week | passed the j Senate
to-day by a unanimous vote: ¦
;* Whereas. There appears from reports in
the newspapers that a well-defined movement
is . on ¦• foot •, among: ¦ corporations operating • ln
the ¦; southern part ¦ of this State - to employ
Japanese , labor : in preference > to the labor of
American citizens; and, - . :,
Whereas, Thirty-two Japanese who .were re
cently employed at the Chandler mine in Fre
mont | County .; have been removed to Huerrano'
County, where it Is reported they are to take
the places of white labor; arid
¦ Whereas, Such r action oiu the part of cor
porations who are- deriving all their Income
within the confines of this State ia not in keep
ing 'with the protection '¦¦ as afforded ¦ the oor
porationsby the laws of this State? and ?-.- -'"¦
Whereas, The Interests, of 'the -Colorado
jWorkingman are being seriously Jeopardized by
the employment of this class of foreigners;
therefore, - be it .
.Special Pispatch to The Call.
Tutuila Is Domestic Territory.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— The Secretary
of the Treasury: has . received Ej from the
Attorney General an opinion' oh the ques
tion of whether, merchandise shipped' from
Pago Pago, Tutuila, is , entitled to free
entry ; into the United States ; inWIew of
the ¦ convention j concluded' between 7 the
United States, Great Britain and Germany
on December 2, 1899- .The Attorney Gen
eral holds that Tutuila is domestic •terri
tory ; of the United States and -that our
tariff, laws imposing duties on goods from
"foreign r port3" are not applicable' to
goods received from Pago Pago.
A mob stormed the- arsenal, at 'Sabadeil/
not far from Barcelona; and secured, forty
rifles, = but they • were subsequently,, recov
ered, by the ; troops, f ; . r - -.-- *;
. Fresh fighting between the v troops and
rioters has occurred at -Tarrasa and Saba
deil. Most ; of ; the ships ;in ¦; this' harbor
have been forced ; to * leave ¦ withoulT dis
charging their cargoes. . . ¦ :
DEDPIGNAN, France, Feb. 20. — The"
wealthier families of Barcelona are ; com-
BARCELONA. Feb. 2O.-The Etrikers to
day murdered three workmen who wished
to resume work. The proprietor of a bak
ery, who . raised the r price '-. of ¦/ bread -was
also killed. ¦-. It ' is •- hourly becoming more
apparent that anarchists 'are - the - prime
movers in tthe incipient < revolution..- The
markets are without ' provisions « and " tho
strikers; are preventing ; the slaughteriOf
animals. Additional* reinforcements "of
troops are arriving here. v_ -- -'. • \i<
' It, was; persistently IgaJd, that' when '.the
Chamber of Deputies closed the Minister
of .War,' General : Weyler, had a<long"con
ference with the Queen Regent,: followed
by a ctinference with the military authori
ties. Afterward, it Is asserted, arms and
ball cartridges were .served iout -: to the
troops in Madrid, .who are ln readiness to
start at a moment's notice. ,., ,?•;.; '
In the Chamber of Deputies to-day
Senor Robert, Deputy from; the province
of Catalonia, interpellated the Govern
ment on the recent events at Barcelona.
The Minister of the Interior, > Senor Gon
zales, replying in behalf of > the Govern
ment, accepted full responsibility there
for. Romero Robledo, supporting Senor
Robert, said the Government did not have
enough guns and rifles' to suppress a so
cial revolution if one broke out: every
where. Senor. Robledo denounced the
censorship over telegraphic news "from
Barcelona and insisted that the fact that
labor problems existed in other countries
did not excuse the Government of Spain.
Senor Sagasta, .' President of the Coun
cil, repudiated any desire to suppress the
truth concerning events at. Barcelona., -He
declared the Government- sought time to
solve the sociarproblems and appealed to
the good will of the Deputies to assist the
Government in this task. ** . •»:= . . -'
After renewed attacks by Senor Robledo
the " debate was adjourned. : - / -¦•¦ " ¦ ; '¦
In the Senate to-day General Weyler,'
the Minister - of War,- said that while : the
situation at Barcelona had- not yet im
proved, It had not grown worse. He said
the street i service there was , partially
in operation . and that* the <- bakeries I and
groceries were open in spite of the strike.
There had been no disturbances at'Sara
gossa and Rets. At Castellon de la Plana,
the War Minister said, the gendarmes" had
dispersed groups of strikers and if it
came necessary, he • would call. out. the
First Reserves. ;;. . • '; /.
- FOB,: MABTIAI* LAW. :
, Premier : Sagasta is said to be; preparing
a decree establishing martial law through
out Spain. • The signature of the deCree,:it
is believed, - will be : followed i by : an ex
treme national crisis. -..•¦. ;-,• ; ;,-.'»¦;'
; TBUTH IS SUPPRESSED.
The telegraph lines have been cut ' be
tween Sabadeil and Tarrasa. It Is feared
the strike will next extend to Seville and
Verona and a Ministerial crisis it not an
unlikely outcome of the trouble. It trans
pires that last Sunday -several-work
men's-meetings were held in Barcelona.
The principal meeting was -held at the
Circo Espanol and was attended by 6000
persons. Teresa* Claramunt,- the notorious
agitator ' Bonf ulla. and other anarchists
made violent speeches at this meeting: In
favor of a general > strike. This Idea was
instantly adoptedmnd. the intervention of
the Government agents, who always at
tend such meetings, was openly: spurned.
policeman who fell a victim to his . re
semblance to an inspector named Tiesols.
who Is much hated by the" anarchists'.
The policeman' mistaken for the inspector
was . assassinated. .
ing here in large numbers to escape the
terrors of : the, Gatalonian capital.
.:¦ ..-..- . .... ¦ - - . ¦ _ - -
Legislature of Colorado
.Adopts a Vigorous
Resolution.
WOULD EXCLUDE
THE JAPANESE
• Criminal Proceedings May Follow.
The President rather felt that if there
was to be a prosecution it ought to be
conducted under the laws of the United
States, and by means of United States
officials. It can further be stated that
if the bill in the equity proceedings now
contemplated by Attorney General Knox
is successful in establishing the facts,
under, the* Sherman anti-trust law, that
the jnerger is a "contract, combination
in the form of a trust, or otherwise, or
a conspiracy in the restraint of; trade or
commerce among the several States," and
If, It shall be shown that the persons en
gaged in the merger are "monopolizing or
attempting to monopolize any part of the
trade or : commerce between- the several
States, ' criminal proceedings in the
United States. court. will. follow. The facts
indicated in quotation marks above must
be shown under the Sherman | antl-tnist
law; before such criminal proceedings' can
be taken.- The administration, it was said
/¦* J..T..T..t..T..t..t..f t t.t » , . , ,., .. . . . ...
CALL BUREAU. • 14C6 ' G STREET, N.
W., .WASHINGTON,; Feb. • 20.— Attorney
General Knox's announcement that, act-
Ing on J the | President's reauest, he was
preparing papers in the suit to be brought
against the Northern Securities Company
in the -United States Court, caused almost
-&s much commotion ; in Congressional and
official circles as it did. in Wall street.
' The;, public. : announcement was made on
the advice of J the President to prevent
any; great disturbance in values on the
stock exchanges, , which was feared if it
came;- ins) some other way. It was ex
plained that the Supreme - Court of the
United States; is expected to deliver a de
cision • on the application of the Attorney
tieneral .of rthe titate of Minnesota at an
, earJy date. This | decision , may | be ren
dered ;"on Monday. The court may grant
the application,, or, which is more likely,
it may aeny tne application and declare
a lacK of jurisdiction. Such a decision or
dinarily : would have the effect of "boost
ing stocks." But. this will not. happen now
in view • of the fact that the intention of
the administration to break up this com
bination if it can, whether the Minnesota
appeal is denied or not, will put the pub
lie on its guard and preyeht any big rise !
in the stocJi, followed .by what otherwise
might have been a panicKy decline should
the -. intention . of the Government have
been withheld until the Government's suit
was actually- brought. The Call this
morning accurately stated the position of
the President. It was said to-day that
the announcement of the intention of the
Government to bring a suit was based on
inside information, that the Supreme Court
of the United States would throw out the
Minnesota ¦-¦, case. This ' is^largely guess
work. What prompted - the , Government's
action was rather .', a > feeling that the
Northern Securities' merger could best be
reached. ; even if Minnesota went on,
by means of proceedings taken through
the Department of Justice and on the At
torney General's own Initiative!
, Special Dispatch to , Tho Call.
-.-,¦• . . .. .. ¦ . .. .- . .
Administration Has "No Present In
tention of Making General War
..Upon All the .Great Indus
;." trial Combinations. 1 .
Plans of_ the President Made
/Public to Prevent Pos
sible Panic.
of Minnesota.
Government "Will Act
Entirely Independent
Pdlicem'an Suspects Unknown Person of * At
tempting no; Murder H;-m;at' Midnight; by
Firing a Bullet Through His Window
MERGER SUIT
CAUSES MUCH
DISCUSSION
SHOOTS HOLE I N OFFICER
S YLVESTER'S RESI DE NCE
POPE LEO'S
LONG REIGN
AS PONTIFF
Begins His Twenty-Fifth
Year of /Tenure of
High; Office.
Occasion Is Marked by Im
pressive Ceremonies at
St.' Peter's.
Great Crowds . Salute the Venerable
Churchman When .He Appears ,
at a Window of His
Apartments.
ROME, Feb. 20.— The Pope to-day en
tered on the twenty-fifth year of his
pontificate. Although the main celebra
tion, of the jubilee is postponed until
March 3, when the combined festivals of
the jubilee and coronation- will' be . ob
served, to-day was ¦ marked by the stng
iriR of a Te Deuin in SL Peter's and other
observances. The pontiff was the recip
ient cf congratulations from all sides.
During the course of the day the Popo I
received in audience in tho throneroom a
committee, which presented to him a
cc-mmemcrative meaal, replicas of which
will be distributed to pilgrims at the ap
proaching celebrations.
The singing of the Te Deum in St. Pe
tfr's was the most Impres3lve service in
vears. At the conclusion of the Te Deum
the Pope appeared at" the window of his
apartments and watched' the crowd dis
perse. He was sa!v.ted by the waving of ,
hats and handkerchiefs.
• FIERCE BATTLE IS FOUGHT BETWEEN TROOPS AND STRIKERS.
SOME unknown person fireda bul
let through the bedroom window
of the residence of Policeman
Daniel ¦ Sylvester at 1049 York
street at an early hour yesterday
morning, and the recipient of this mark'ed
attention \ is convinced that an attempt
was made to assassinate him. After bor
ing a hole in the window the bullet flat
tened itself against the wall and fell to
the lioor, where it was picked up. Syl
vester had Just retired for the night
when the shot was fired. He arose aid
made an investigation, but was unable-tb
find any traces of the man behind\ ths
gun. . Y '¦¦. .
The bedroom is on. the second floor pf
the dwelling, and it was the top window
lighi that was broken. The bullet mark
on the wall is on a line with the hole in
the-window light,; which indicates that
the shot was fired from 'some place on^a
level . with the bedroom window. There
are only two - orjthree houses of th&t
height in the vicinity, and it ia supposed
the bullet came from one of these. The
policeman was -taken off his beat on
O'Farrell .-, street yesterday afternoon arid
given-a special detail to investigate ' the
and ascertain if possible the
identity of -the person who fired the shot.-
Sylvester is not popular with "de gang"
in the neighborhood where he lives. Ther^
is said to be a- crowd of-toiigh hoodlums
living out i' that way that has a strong
antipathy * toward policemen in, general
and this officer in particular. Last New
Year's night Mrs. Sylvester gave a little
entertainment to some > friends. ¦ John
Dougherty and Daniel McLaughlin were
not told to stay away, so they concluded
they had an invitation %nd insisted on at
tending. . Sylvester ejected them . finally
and then they went outside and broke the
- front windows with cobblestones. SyK
vester arrested them, but the* charge. was
dismissed. : Both are well known to the
police, • and McLaughlln is now in Jail ,
awaiting trial' on a charge of assault.
Liberty to Act.
Disposal of the Schley
Case Leaves Him at
- -
Belief Is Expressed That He
Will Remain in Offica
Until Autumn.
. ¦ . . .
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— Now that the
Schley matter has been settled officially,
it is understood that Secretary Long feels
he is at liberty to carry out the project
cherished by him to retire to 'private life.
However, this is not expected to ensue at
once, for there is no certain knowledge of
what may follow in Congress, notwith-
EtanCing a slrorg belief by tlue adminis
tration that the case is settled beyond re
vival. Therefore, it is understood that the
change in the Cabinet circle will' not take
place before the adjournment of Congress,
and perhape not until next autumn.
Secretary Long, referring to the Presi
dent's statements upon the appeal of Ad
miral Schley to-day, said; j. : > ;'
I have no comment to make oa the Presi
dent's rulny? upon the appaa.1 cf Admiral
Schley. except to ex?nm.= my appreciation of ius
thorough. ccnsoientioUE, straightforward char
acter. It is. of course, gratifying that the
Navy Department is sustained. •' The decision
will be read as no other document would be,
end I believe will direct public cpinicn and tend
to clcse the whole rnatter. . ¦
Secretary Long has received the follow
ing personal note from the White House,
announcing the President's action in the
case of Adir.iral Scfcley: - .
WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Feb. 19, 1902.— My Dear £ir: The President
requests me to state Unit arier a full and most
careful consideration of the appeal of Admiral
Schley and of the answer submitted thereto by
the Xavy Department throusrh you. he has
made • the inclosed memorandum on the case,
¦which he directs ehall be &le<l therewith, and
tfce case treated cs closed. Very trury yours,
GEORGE a CORTELYOU.
Secretary to tbe President
Members cf the Maryland delegation in
Congress -were In consultation to-day re
garding the latest phase cf the Schley
ease, but reached no conclusion as to
whether any move will or can be made.
LORD PAUNCEFOTE CALLS
• AT STATE DEPARTMENT
Arranges With Secretary Hay for the
Final Ratification of the New
Treaty. . ..v-V
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— Lord Paunce
fote v.'as at the State Department to-flay,
and it has been arranged between hisi
self and Secretary Hay that the rinal
ratifications of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
' shall be exchanged here as soon as the
mechanical work of pressing the exchange
copies can be executed. The British Gov
ernment has conveyed to its Kmbassador
full authority to conclude this arrange
ment.
Mr. Brun, the Danish Minister, also saw
Secretary Hay in relation to the ratifica
tion of the treaty lor the cession to the
United States of the Danish West Indian
islands. It seems improbable now that
the mooted plebiscite of the inhabitants
of the islands will be bad by the Danish
Government. However, should It be . de
cided otherwise, the taking of the vote
will be a very small matter, . inasmuch
as the franchise is enjoyed in the Danish
West Indies by, only a few hundred of the
total population, and their votes could '¦
be recorded in a day or two. It will not
be necessary to wait upon Congress for
the appropriation of $S,O<X!,C0O as a- 'pre 7 
liminary to the acquisition of the islands
by the United States. Under the treaty, i
as soon as the ratifications are exchanged ;
the United States nag will be hoisted and :
tiie $5,000,000, if not already appropriated,
¦will be charged up against tne United
States as a debt.
SECRETARY LONG
MAY NOW RETIRE
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Justice Hor
ace Gray of the Supreme Court"* has suf
fered an attack of paralysis, but it is
stated that there is every " reason to ex
pect his recovery. , The attack occurred
Tuesday night. His mind is • clear, but he
has lost the " muscular control of a part
of his body. Justice Gray had been un
well for some time and at his advanced
age, : 74 years, gave rise to some appre
hension as to. the outcome, although his
family says the attack is not serious.
Justice Gray Has Paralysis.
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 20.— Very cheap
passenger rates to the Pacific Coast are
likely to ¦ be the rule during the coming
spring and summer.' The Santa Fe road
announced to-day that every day during
March and April that road would sell v col
onists' tickets from points In Kansas,
Oklanoma and Colorado to common points
in California for $«.. A rate of $33 from
Chicago to the Pacm** Coast will also be
ln effect. .These are made to meet the cut
by northern lines.
Cheap Passenger E-ates to the Coast.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— Eight detectives
will be near Prince Henry during his time
in the city. It is the intention of the city
authorities to so environ the. Prince with
guards that the possibility of accident will
be reduced to a minimum. In addition to
the body guard of detectives, many uni
formed officers will be at the pier and
other public places to keep back' the
throng of curious people who may try to
get . as close as possible to the royal
visitor.
Possible Precaution to Guard
Against Accident.
2Tew York Authorities Take Every.
DETECTIVES WILL CLOSELY
WATCH OVER PRINCE HENRY
PLEAD GUILTY AND ASK
. FOR LE3TIEHCY OF COTJRT
Two Bookmakers Admit That They
Were Implicated in the Bank
. of Liverpool Frauds.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— At the resumption
cf the hearing of the charges growing out
of tne Bank of Liverpool frauds at the
Old Bailey to-day F. T. Kelly, a book
maker cf. Bradford, and StLes, another
bookmaker, both charged with complicity
in the robberies, pleaded guilty. Sentences
in their cases were posipsned unt.l Thurs
day. ;
In return for a mitigation of the pris
oners' sentence counsel for Kelly prcmisei
the restitution ot £20,000. . Counse.l for
Dick Burge and Stile3 also promised that
their clients would restore all the money
they had, but the Judge remarked that he
would not make promises and the money
must be handed- over. Hence the post
ponement of the sentences until Saturday.
OFFICEHS ARE SEARCHING
FOR EXPRESS MESSENGER
He Is Accused of Stealing Thirty
- Five Thousand Dollars From .
"Wells-Fargo Company. ' '
AUSTIN, x'ex., Feb. 20.— Special officers
of the Wells-Fargo Express Company are
searching : for Frank McCarty, ; a former
messenger on the Mexican Centxal Rail
road. McCarty disappeared from his car
several days ago near San Luis Potosi,
Mexico, and it is alleged that he took
with him $35,000 of money which was be
ing transported by the express company.
Oificers were placed on his trail and his
capture is expected soon. • - . '<£ :.-
STEAMSHIP KEOONLAND ¦%"
IS LAUNCHED AT CHAMPS'
New Vessel Is the I/argest Thus Far
Built in the "United
v«:& States.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 20.— The new
steamship Krconland was launched at
Cramps' shipyard this afternoon. - The
contract speed calls for 17 knots an hour,
and the boat is 5G0 feet long, 66 feet wide
and 42 feet deep. Loaded, the craft will
have a displacement of 20,000 tons, with
accommodations for 300 first cabin, 250
st-cond cabin and 750 steerage passengers.
The Kroonland- is the largest vessel
thus far built in the United States and
the u«ird of the quartet of twin screw
vessels constructed for the International
Navigation Company's New York-Ant
werp service. -
I TEAR THAT THE BBIGANDSv^-J
HAVE KULLED CAPTIVES
Sliss Stone and Her Companion
Should Have Been Beleased
Several Days Ago.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— Grave fears
are entertained at -the State Department
that Miss Stone will not be rescued alive.
These fears are based upon the fact that
fifteen days have elapsed since the ran
som for her freedom was paid to the
brigands. They had promised that she
would be released within ten days. Ac
cording to the latest official advices in the
possession of Secretary Hay the woman
has not yet been released. •
Not having made any demand for im
munity from punishment, the brigands ap
preciate that it is the purpose of the
United States to insist upon their appre
hension and imprisonment once Miss
Stone is released. Miss Stone and Mme.
Tslika are the only persons who will be
able to swear positively to their identity.
It was suggested to-day that they have
considered it wise to put them out of the
way. now that they have received the
566,000. If any harm ! has befallen the
women an immediate demand for repara
tion will be made upon Bulgaria and Tur
key, also, if necessary.
Young Soosevelt Is Improving.
GROTON, Mass., Feb. 20.— The condition
. of Theodore Roosevelt Jr. was pronounced
excellent to-day and the arrival of Dr. P.
M. Rixey, the President's medical adviser,
from Washington, -was the only feature of
interest here. While the progress of the
sick- boy' has been satisfactory in every
respect, Mrs. Roosevelt is unwilling to
take any step which might prove detri
mental to him and expresses a doubt if
she will start for Washington with the
lad before Saturday.
Turkish Government Pays Indemnity
. CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 20.— The
Turkish Government's, methods of saving
expenses have again been exemplified by
the payment.of Indemnities due to British
subjects under the guise of improving the
navy. Out cf £108.000 just paid to the
Armstrongs on account of a contract for
a new cruiser £64,000 was handed over *o
the officials of the British Embassy to
pay indemnities.
Being Tried -for High Treason.
; CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 20.— The trial
of General Osman Pasha on the charge of
high treason began to-day behind closed
doors. Osman, who is a son of the famous
Kurdish chief, Bedrahan Pasha fled to
Europe and thence to Cairo, but he was
Induced to return to Constantinople by the
Sultan's promise of pardon; ' On arriving
here Osman was immediately arrested.
to-day, has positively no present Inten
tion of making a general war upon the
great industrial combinations like the
eteel trust and kindred corporations. The
President frankly admits that there is
much that may be good in the combina
tions that have grown up out of our vast
industrial. development. He has said that
there may be much that is bad if thesa
combinations "become Unmindful of their
duty to the public. His remedy is puo
licity, which he advocated with such force
in his message. , He wants that tested be
fore he thinks of shootingHiagara by an
attack • on j the whole -industrial-- system.
There has been a' discussion here to-day
as to whether under "the present law the
United: States can succeed in breaking up
the : -Northern Securities combination.
Most lawyers are willing to take- the
opinion ¦>¦ of . the Attorney- . General that
under.vthe, Sherman act the combination
is "clearly illegal." • ¦ .. ... ..--.
¦- On the other hand it is pointed out that
this -is -entirely a new 'form, of combina
tion-of which. there has been no decision
by the Supereme Court. In the Addystone
Company v^pipe j case the Supreme Court
broke up the combination S of manufac
turers in which each concern retained its
identity, but who made an* agreement to
restrict trade, raise prices and destroy
competition.
; No Precedent for Present Case.
In the -case of the trans-Missouri
Freight Association the court held that
the numerous railroads which entered
into an agreement to maintain the rates
on all freight traffic were violating the
law, because the contracts were in re
straint of trade. On the other hand, the
court held in the case of the E. C. Knight
Sugar Refining Company, which was
bought up by -the sugar trust, that the
sugar trust could buy up all the refineries
in the country, because the regulation of
commerce applied to the "subjects of
commerce," and not to matters of inter
nal policy. The court failed to see thai
there was any restraint of -"commerce",
la restraining. the production." All these
cases differ from the present one. In tho
present contention the Great Northern
and Northern Pacific roads have not con
solidated. One has not bought out the
other. But the controlling interests in
both have been vested in an entirely inde
pendent company f.ormed . for . the purpo3»
of taking over the properties. It is held
by some lawyers that the court must de-
clde that this Is a matter which court*
ha 7^? ? othln S to do with. Others agree
with Attorney General Knox that the
very formation of the Northern Securities
Company to control these two roads la &
combination and must necessarily be In
restraint of trade and Interstate com-
According to a. lawyer who has In tha
service of the Government had much to
™n W 5 Investigating railroad rates and
railroad combinations the Government
Eriv i,^ 1 ® ??*• be absolutely powerless
to break up theNorthern Securities com
bination unless there be a further amend
ment of the law. It became clear to-day
that the discussion of the matter precipi
tated by the announcement of the Attor
ney General will lead to a very earnest
effort to get immediate action in Con
gress. The statement was positively
made that the Judiciary Committee of
the House would report favorably once
more the bill passed by the last House
™ an l?«?, d tho Sherman anti-trusft law.
This bill was very far-reaching fa its
scope and was one of the great bugbears
?««? e i 1 ?^ 68 , 13 ,5 enter ed in Wall street
in the Fifty-sixth Congress. :
Defects in the Sherman Act.
tw^ 83 d f sl S ne t to meet all the defects
that experience had shown the Sherman
and ™ P °w eS *;, ln order to reach tn « trusts
?S£ combinations and punish them and
also to give persons recourse in the courts
£f, i^ &8^ S h £ y P**** sustain In beinl
crushed out of business. This lawoassed
the House with but one dissentln^ote
It was defeated in the Senate by the verv
irfterests that are now about to bl nro
ceeded against by the Attorney General
I 5r ls * q i llte P^bable that there VillbTan
pose of giving the membi°s of CoS4™ '
alsohave before it very Vnortt? 1 Vm -
stirring to get the bill to a vote S% th
of the measure P upon She floor^ lderatloa
THE ; SAN f'R^NClSCO : CALL, FRIDAY; FEBRUARY 21, 1902.
2
-
.i -SEE THEM IN OUR "WINB0W. V;
SPECIAL PRICES ON DRUGS
AND PATENT
BRING i IJB YOUfi PRESCRIPTIONS
fAND SAVE 50 PER CENT.
Prompt Attention to Couctry Orders.
. ;WE G1VB TBADIN9 STAMPa l '~ . '
FHE ¦"' /«rv - " • : ' ' m-J.— ' -¦' '¦"'*
PAUSE'S CELERY COMPOTTK'P'
PAJNE^ELERY COMPOUND
Makes Nerve Fibre arid Nerve Force, -Cleanses
the Blood and Strengthens and Gives Tone
to Every Function of the Body.
"As a medicine for doing Immediate rfftjafflEa^ffifTTf^^
and effective work ln sickness, result- raT —MAjSJS^^^r m^ mm^)7i It
Ing from impaired nerves and Impure f| J-^^^S^B^B^ft^BBF^'S J J
blood my family considers your.Paine's Hj j^^jgSJ^S^mm'.t^ ''-'-•¦¦: \ "¦ -1 b|
Celery Compound without a peer," "It |B jBBWffi^^^^^^gjff^MBm ' • 1 $2
and nerve force, and imparts true §|j _ A , g '' gm^^ t Ji i: lSmH-J'"^^''*"'^ K
great remedy for dyspepsia and weak u| s .^^^> j«$ii^^^^^^^^ W
stores energy, gives renewed vigor M ¦ jSLv 4*"^^«^^ %
reconstructant of the nervous system nt Kfl^j ' i~ I^^8a8SMHBl^HajSiS8^W "\
and "run down." . \l^i}^^^^\'J.V^&'^jJ&
If you have the first symptom of .«n*i"-Bi™nmriMB™™iiiiin vwmiam
fw ng L hea ">!j' " , yOU are conscl °^ neys to perform properly their work.
Lnw «t ™2i S <, ll W K° n& ' that y ° U allay* indigestion and gives tone to th«
lack strength, if the buoyant feeling whole system
2LS ST^ *t th does not return after , The remarkable Increase ln the de-
each nights sleep it is time. to give the mand for Paine'a Celery Compound
nerves. andT blood the food that nature ln the last few years fs due to the one
requires. Paine's Celery fcompound Is fact that every person who haa ever
rightly called nature's medicine. Medi- tried a single bottle of this greatest of
cal science has failed to produce its restoratives has found that the remedy
6Q^ n l rVe tODlc and vltallzer - 'K accomplishes what no other remedy
purifies the blood, restores . to healthy doea. It accomplishes all that is claim-
action, every function, remedies depres- ed f or it. A sample trial will convince
sion and languor, strengthens the kid- the reader.
1 . -We will have a sfele of Monarch M 11
B shirts to-day. You know the Monarch -^* S?l
S 1 U u-l!" rr^ S?re ? Utat i on f ends from the Atlantic to the Pacific Th,. $i
I ' Sl.00 Each I
H Out-of-town orders filled— write us. -
& 7IS M Qr^ct Street^ IfCHAIRMAN AT; THE SESSION
OF THE ..; TRANSCONTINEN
TAL. FREIGHT BUREAU.
It- stops tit. : Equally .valuable y for burns/
•bruises;"' cuts.^chllblairis,"; cold; In": head fand "ca-*
tarrh,' while for, piles : It ' will : surprise you— It is^
: so . sure ¦ in ; its ; effect.' ": Price, '-. 25c ; and ; 50c. -at
drugrgists or by mall. Eolva-cea, 274 Canal, N.T.
For] Earache-^Use ¦ Salva-cear
; Edward Taylor was sent to the Emer
gency, Hospital at an early hour yesterday"
morning ¦ for' observation.' ' He was \ found
wandering in the vicinity of Mission ' and
First streets 'by Officer P. Sullivan. He
was unable to give any information about
himself. He : had-not been -drinking and
the doctors are puzzled. - . ."
Held - for; Observation.
* 'AUBURN,;. Feb." ' 2O.VAs . £-. result' of",: a
tree falling 1 across Uhei transmission '.{ wire
of i the Central 'i California' Electric Com
pany j this ; morning ; the telephone line of
the Sunset Company, between Sacramento
and Ogden.Ms temporarily, out of business.
The accident i occurred near here ' and ¦» the
damage • to i the "system: in. this j city alone
is placed : at i $600." -The service will be crip
pledUoritwo weeks:;- ;"' ¦«:¦ .,,. . ' l :-. - ," ,<
Tree 'Telephone Service.
Racing at Oakland Track.
I Racing will be .resumed at Oakland this
afternoon with the following card of en
tries:
First race — Four furlongs; purse; maiden
two-year-olds: ¦ .
3306 Nigrette /. . . . .110 j 3312 Elllston ..... 113
3294 Mi Reina.....ll0 .... Gulda .... no
3288 Tom ¦ Mitchell . 110 ' 3247 Maud Sherw d 105
3312 Delsegno ...:.113 3300 Len Reno... no
3283 Du Page. : . . .108 8204 Clarinette . :..105
3233 J. H. Bennett. 1081 3312 Olahurst, .....105
Second race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
3317 Baesenzo .... 104 (3319) Killdoe .... 104
3293 Monda 119 1 3328 Legal Maxim 104
3314 Urchin ......1191 3316 Loyal S... lie
~ : Third race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward: •
8315 Bragg . . . 94 (3309) Duckoy . .'. . . m
3308 Frangible ....111 (3320)Redwald ....!lll
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; purse- three-'
year-olds and upward : . .
<3115)Sombrero /*. . . 07 ! (3231) Josie G. . . 02
(3327)Dunblane .. ..112 1 (3311) Botany ...'.'.'. 94
. Fifth race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds: 1 • . - ; . ¦ , «*'•."•'—¦,
3235" Jacqueminot .104| 2999 El Chlhuahua.112
3328 Evander- 1081 3152 Waterscratch 10S
3291 Colonial Glrl..l07l "craicn lus
Sixth race—Mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and upward : ; ;
• 3322 Hungarian . .106 3022 Elmer L * l0r»
3285 Lavator .....103 3327 Master. Lee" 103
3314 Siddons ......107 3327 Sea-Lion^ 106
Selections for, To-Day.'
First race— Nigrette, Mi Relna, : Leh:Reno.
Second race— Legal Maxim, Bassenzb, kill
doe. ' . , . :_ . -:.' ¦'
Third race — Duckoy, Bragg,]- Frangible. •
. Fourth race — Sombrero, Botany, Josie' G.
Fifth . race— Waterscratch, Colonial Girl,'
Evander.
Sixth race— Lavator. SIddons, Hungarian.
There is little hope of saving Wlther
spoon's life. Witherspoon belongs to ;a
wealthy family and Is a prominent busi
ness man.- His brother, Horace Wither
spoon, after killing two men, was killed
by James Port-wood. j
Walker had gone into a store, in which
there is generally to be found . some
whisky. Witherspocm was there. He
cursed Walker, and the latter Tent across
the street and ate his luncheon. He re
turned later land asked Witherspoon to
retract his . ' statements. Witherspoon,
realizing the meaning of the return of his
enemy, drew back to the door and reached
for his revolver. The bystanders stepped
aside. Walker drew first and flredl at
"Witherspoon, who ducked to dodge the bul
let, and was hit in the ear. His revolver
had become fastened in his pocket and he
turned to release it with his left hand
when Walker fired the second shot, which
grazed his shoulder. Before Witherspoon
could bring his revolver into action
Walker had fired a third shot which
struck Witherspoon in the back below the
right shoulder, felling him. The Judge
gave himself up to the authorities and
was released on his own recognizance,
while Witherspoon was removed to his
home. ' «•¦.¦ •" . - , ¦ ¦ •
Witherspoon last fall violated the law
by recklessly firing a revolver in town and
shooting into some windows, and Walker,
as Judge of the Police Court, fined him
$200. Since that I time feeling between
them has been high. ;'*...;
LAWRENCEBURG, Ky., Feb. 20.—Al
fred Witherspoon, president of the First
National Bankrhere, is: in a, precarious
condition at his - home and Police Judge
Porter Walker is" under surveillance, as
a result of a shooting affray in a dry
goods store.*
Special Dispatch to The Call;
Bullets From" His Ready
, Revolver Quickly End
KENTUCKY JUDGE
SHOOTS BANKER
. Harris closed his argument with an Im
passioned appeal to the; jury to bring in
a verdict. of ; acquittal; asserting in em
phatic language that the prosecution had
not proven; its case. -During his argu
ment in the afternoon he was reprimand
ed by • the court . on « several •¦ occasions for
misstating evidence in>, the : matter. '• Thus
reprimanded,' Harris delivered a lengthy
criticism on the conduct of the case sub
jecting Judge Harrington and : General
¦Post to ; severe castigation, practically ac
cusing the court of, ruling out evidence at
the Instigation of the' counsel ' for the
prosecution. '.
• . Harris accused General - Post of corrup
tion in » securing - confessions . and«evi
dencie of Claude Morris and JohnHuttoh
: and declared his intention of prosecuting
the 'confessors . for perjury . in this case
He 'declared that General . Post- had no
power,' to • grant Immunity to Hutton and
Morris for ; making; confessions and ; claim
ed that- the law prescribes capital punish
ment of a person. convicted of givingper
jured; evidence in a case such as* the' one
now on trial.'." : . v '¦ :¦'-'-. ¦•-..-¦ .. ¦¦
Harris " then " reviewed , the evidence : of
Morris, .' Hutron, ' Courtwrlght and Lafe
Harris and .' said ; that ,• no jury -; on • earth
would convict a dog,: let alone ] &¦ human
being,- oh -testimony.- such -as. was -given
by ;> them. 'James -W.:BQd 'will < : probablv
take, up allot to-morrow in argument for
the prosecution. >' ; . ;¦• . . r
Prosecution Is Accused.
Just what Judge Harris desired his
hearers to gather. from his words was not
made .clear, but the {Statement caused
somewhat ¦ of a ; sensation in' the' court
room.". ' ¦ ' ' j - 1 : - . - ,
Harris next criticized the policy of the
prosecution in. bringing to Alturas "hired
detectives and armed men".to protect wit
nesses for the : people from possible as
sault, and made the broad assertion that
the defense has" on the way to Alturas at
this time . twenty-five revolvers to be used
as protection against "those hired bulltes
and blood-hunters." '• ; .- • • . .. '
"It shows what extremes the : prosecu
tion-is forced to for the purpose of con
victing Jim Brown, right or wrong. You
must;not indulge hf- guessing at some
thing not in the evidence, but • must with
caution examine into ¦ the evidence until
you arrive at a moral certainty and then
act -upon 'it."' ¦-.¦¦¦ t v ,: !
'.'Corruption of the worst kind," said
Harris, dramatically, "blossoms here" and
turns its face toward golden rewards that
have been /offered, like- the face of the
sunflower turning its face toward , the
sunr.no matter whose life is at stake."
. And then came the more direct attack
on the State and county officers:
"The .prosecution* has -been endeavoring
to try eighteen, men for the murder of
five men in order to get a verdict against
Jim Brown. We have - heard but little
about Martin Wilson; the burden of .their
story has been about Calvin Hall. Another
jury, will try him for the murder of Cal
vin Hall. Before it gets through perhaps
there ' will be another : court ; - another set
of ' attorneys ¦ listening to ' these sad and
sickening tales. You cannot convict Jim
Brown on the confessions of Claude Mor
ris and John Hutton. The ' prosecution
has to hang somebody, so they picked on
Jim Brown,- and they got those two weak
minded fellows to say they helped to hang
those men at- Lookout. - ¦••¦;.••
Blossoms of Corruption.
Harris used 'no fragile rapier on the
prosecution.' His was a broadsword and
the 'broadest of them all. B He cut, and
slashed and' dipped and 'jtore'.'at testimony
until Judge Harrington began to"fldget in
his chair and Assistant .Attorney General
Post felt an exhilaration savoring of the
trial's tempestuous early days. It was a
delectable feast • of courtroom oratory,
plentifully spiced with acrimony and sea
soned with invective. The houseful of
auditors thoroughly enjoyed it.
Thrilling threat and savage sarcasm
were soothingly mingled with a variety
of. things sentimental, and just once the
Judge dipped into 'poetry. He clambereA
out.hastily,. however,* whenlthe,metaphors
began to > mix . and held himself down to
solemn prose thereafter.
ALTURAS, Feb.' 20.— Judge Harris,' one
of Jinx- Brown's lawyers in' the •• Lookout
lynching capered nimbly -.over a wide
field in his argument before: the: jury to
day. •. ¦ „•; •> . 3j > f .";'-.v,
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
Alturas Lawyer Says the
Defense Has Ordered
Guns, f : V
HARRIS GIVES
HINT OF BATTLE
SACRAMENTO. Feb.iO.— Th{s afternoon
Jerry Griffin was instantly killed and G.
TV. Keyes urobably fatally injured in the
railroad yards by a Hue of cars backing
on them while they were trying to avoid
a passenger train on another track. Both
men were veteran car inspectors.
T:sin Crushes Two Inspectors.
Loses Life .in an Explosion.
AUBURN, Feb.' 20.— Word was brought
here this evening by special messenger
from Butcher Ranch,' a station In the
mountains twelve miles east of here, to
the effect that a . miner named Archie
Maither was | instantly killed there this
afternoon. in a powder explosion. He was
thawing out giant powder sticks by means
of boiling water when the. accident oc
curred. Thirty sticks were exploded.
PETALTJMA, Feb. 20.— Mr. and Mrs.
David "Wharff. the oldest living settlers
of Vallejo Township, to-day celebrated
their golden wedding anniversary. Among
those who attended were three children,
fifteen grandchildren and two great
grandchildren. They were married in
Massachusetts in February. 1852, and
came to California on their honeymoon
trip.
Celebrate a Golden Anniversary. -
There is nothing so silly as the look on
a cunning man's face when he gets
caught in his own trap.
The two hydraulic companies began
¦work two. weeks ago and every day of the
stormy weather meant heavy results to
them. Each, brings its water nearly,twen
ty miles. Tuesday evening a slide cams
down the mountain near East Weaver
Creek,- where the two big ditches paral
leled. The ditches were obliterated.
The La Grange loses all and the Sweep
stake two-thirds of its total water supply.
Engineers to-day set fifty men preparing
a flume over the wrecked part of the La
Grange ditch. The Sweepstake will try to
open a new ditch. Men will be worked
at night if possible.
About 800 feet of the ditches of both the
Sweepstake and La Grange Mining com
pani^ft"near ''iVeaverville, were swept
awass/writh adjacent land so completely
that even the. lines of the ditches along
the mountain side cannot be followed.
REDDING, Feb. '20.— Seven ty-flve thou
sand dollars may not more than cover the
damage which has resulted to the canals
of two mining companies of Trinity Coun
ty from a great landslide.
Special DispaVch to Th« Call.
Sheriff Bergin took Hammond to "Wea
verville and lodged him in jail. He talks
freely of the whole affair.- He will prob
ably plead guilty.- Vancleave, who Ham
mond says advised him to steal the jewels,
may resist ' prosecution.
Sheriff Bergin went through there Tues
day, bringing ; back from Nevada E. MV
Hammond. . who | had confessed to the
theft, implicating his uncle. Vancleave, a
well-known man. "When they reached
Lewiston Vancleave told where the jewels
were buried, saying Hammond stole
them. At a corner of the woodshed, two
feet .underground,, was found the little
box with its precious contents. ; A gold
watch and chain, a diamond ring or two
and other pieces" of the collection were
missing. The watch and chain were
traded to a man near Douglas ¦ City and
have been recovered. Davis is trying to
locate the other articles from what he has
been told, and believes the collection win
be fully restored..
REDDING, Feb. 20.— Trinity County's
noted diamond robbery has ended in the
unearthing of .the stolen * gems and the
jailing of E. M. Hammond and Joseph E.
Vancleave, the men whose conflicting-con
fessions create for them no sympathy.
-About $1200 worth of diamond rings and
a watch left by Mrs. Frick, who had died,
disappeared a year ago from the Frick
and Davis ranch at Lewistofi. They had
been hidden In the storage room.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Captain Declares Life-Saving
Crew Ignored His
Signala
. Special Dlspatcii to The Call.
TACOHA, Feb. , 2O.-Captaln ' Hohnberg
of the little schooner Ventura «reports a
tii rial ing experience in crossing Gra>s
Harbor bar. The Ventura, left San Fran
cisco twenty-five days ago. bound for
Grays Harbor and had a rough passage
from the start
j Making the harbor two -weeks ago the
Ventura crossed the bar and anchored.
Shortly after a " violent storm came up,
seas breaking over the vessel and hurl
ing the captain and men on the deck,
seriously injuring several. Signals cf dis
tress were flashed all night, but Captain
Hohnberg .affirms that the life-savins
crew at Westport failed to give the slight
est assistance.
Just before daybreak both anchor chains
parted and the schooner drifted seaward.
Captain Hohnberg says the drifting of the
unmanageable craft over the waters of
the bar was terrible and an experience
he can never forget. He expected the
schooner .would be cast up on the north
spit and wrecked, but she finally reached
the open sea in safety.
The Ventura arrived off the bar three
timas during the following two weeks, but
was unable to secure a tug- and put back.
¦\\ nen the storm broke Saturday she wa*
far off the coast.
MILTON, Feb. 20.— Rain has fallen
heavily here all the morning and the
storm is still on. • The ground is thor
oughly saturated in most places and the
•ferulches are nlled with water. Vegetation
is growing very rapidly. ¦
RED BLUFF, Feb. 20.— There has been
a heavy rain here to-day. It was not
needed because? the crops are in excel
lent condition, but it will do no harm
SAN JOSE, Feb. 20.— There were" sev
eral slight sprinkles this forenoon and
the indications point to more rain before
night. The orchards and fields are look
ing well, but the soil has not yet received
the soaking that it needs to insure good
crops.
STOCKTON, Feb. 20.— Rain - has: been
falling here since 7 o'clock this morning
and there are indications that more is
to follow. Wliile the moisture is of bene
fit to the grain and feed interests there
is no need for it just now.
MODESTO, Feb. 20. — There was a heavy
downpour at Modesto to-day and thi3
evening. The rainfall amounts to L07
inches for the day. East and west of
Modesto the . fall was lighter. The pres
ent rain Is sufficient to insure crops, as
all were In good condition before the fall.
The weather is still threatening.
Two -Men Make. Conflicting
Confessions About the
inert.
Storm Sends tlie Mountain
Land Plunging on
Waterways.
Moisture in the San Joaquin
and Santa Clara
Valleys.
It is announced to-night that the work
of considering the docket item by item
will u be taken up Friday morning. The
bureau has. by. formal vote agreed to pro
ceed in that manner.
i A.-.C. Rulofs'o'n of San Francisco, rep
resentative of the Pacific Coast Metal and
Hardware 'Association, 'appeared r before
the_ bureau to-day and made a statement
bearing on the advisability of adjusting
the freight tariff on iron on a more just
basis. IS. H. Horton, also of San Fran
cisco, set forth t the need for a revision
of freight charges on harnesses and sad
dles. He appeared for the Pacific Coast
Wholesale, Saddlers, , who are now in con
vention here. > A shipper of slot machines
asked for a reduction in f,the rates now
charged for these articles. iTAll these wete
given- a respectful hearing and their ar
guments "were taken i under advisement:
Late in the afternoon Assistant General
Freight Agent of the Northern Pa
cific and Assistant General Freight Agent
Coman of the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company -. escorted the visiting
traffic men to < the \ steamship Indravelli
and Captain Craven proved a charming
host - to . the ¦ railroad men. •
; ; In the matter of the f general tariff
schedule the delegates have j so far ; foun-.i
It impossible £o \ make much . progress be
cause^of,the pressure of minor" affairs. It
Is believed that .'the. session will continue
for 'at least; a> week. \The docket, before
.the meeting 'contains, between 600 and 700
entries. 'This is 'the first meeting of the
bureau ; since i the : onet held * in Milwaukee
f our ; years - ago. :.: * : '
' The petitions came from. dealers in sad
dlery and leather, who;are anxious that
: there 1 should be \ a lower freight rate on
.westbound goods." ' The '• matter was given
considerable attention and furnished ma
terial f or j a long; debate,; No, decision has
yet r been' reached. ':
V|-^ORTLAND.,fbr.; Feb. ' 20.— The
1 1 33 Tran8Con t ll ie l ital ; Freight ' Bureau,
IB— *f which has^ been in session; here
11' ..' for a couple of days and. jproposea
; to make important changes in the
tariff schedule, .devoted to-day chieflyVto
a : - hearing ,ot\ petitions. . R. H. Countisa
presided and a. large, number oC delegates
attended' 'the ./ morning ; and afternoon
meetings. ¦'•",
Schooner Ventura Near*,
ly "Wrecked at Grays
Harbor.
Thousands of Dollars
Are Lost in Trinity
Sheriff of Trinity/Clears
Up a Celebrated
Mystery.
Downpour Is Welcomed,
but Is Not Very
Much Needed.
STOLEN GEMS
AR E RECOVERED
RAIN ASSISTS
GOODLY CROPS
TERRIFIC SEAS
TOSS THE SHIP
SLIDE RUINS
GREAT DITCHES
THE SAN ;FRANCISCQ GALL. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1902.
Transcontinental Bureau Continues. Its Session at Portland arid Is
Confronted by a Mass of Business Which \ViH {Require a
Week of Over Rates; and iVlethods of ¦Adjustment
AGENTS PLAN IMPORTANT CHANGES
IN THE- RAILROAD FREIGHT TARIFF
3
It Is tha Best Toilet Soap made. A woaderfu
•kin coratiTe. Best for the complexion. Bes
for the bath. Best for the baby. Best for tL.
hair Large cakes 15c. Trial size 5c.; all dru r
Rists. Mnnyon's Eemedies are positire cure-
Adrice and Guide to Health free by mail.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
MUJYOIPS IMHALEB OUBEB OATAEBH.
j&T&l. YIM, V IGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
nave been in use over fifty
»J-f^Pfera years by the leaders of the
fiSK^FAftSl llormon Church and their
followers.' Positively cure the
Ec|f«3 f i'^S*iiiZGa worst cases in old and youne
«Mk"ft*vVJM» arising from effects of self-
Xi^Thi^iPa abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigrarette-smoking. Cure Lost
TjLgSigjy Manhood, Impotency, Lost
. Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, f~, Varicocele or Coii-
Etipation, Stop Ner **J ffl vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are £>.jrl immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote «-««*» ncy toevery fun «.
tlon. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand
Restore small, undeveloped organs. . Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st:'
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., S8
and .40 .Third. street. . . ...' ,..,,
B visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ ' JoT^ ' The Largest Acatomjcal Museum in the \
B K**Vnr%. ]J orlcL or *njr contracted A
a S^^i a<seasepo»tu»«-l 7 c«r«,d by the oldest f
® i?S^3l & P eaali "- onIh = Coast. Esl 36 years. ©
0 £53* ft DR " J O R DA N -DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ f MfW^B ConsaU «' c n free ar.d strictly pririte. \
F I Mfl Treatment personally or by l-tter. A. A
\ a If Si {I .P—**v CWeinereryeasemidertaken. \
3 911 II tf w rite for Book. PHILOSOPHY «f A
W * « II' B*RIIIACE, MAILED FREE. ( A ¥
A / U It- valuable book for mra )..-.— ¦ ¦ \
V OB. JORDAN & V€>.. 1051 Market St., S. F. V
' +9 <^&BSZ33&*t- s* Blg ?'• " con -polBonons
*&jfsm** i '^J>£M r?, m^ T B toT Gonorrhoea .
7i£*HprriPPC^i?5i Q?! U Spermatorrhoea,
/*»^r LUntS Whites, nnmtnril di«-
*««» lo 1 to 5 Cujt. W charges, or tny innamma*
Be?**) Ocannuwd to ** tion, irritation or nlcera-
MJ Prerent eontapoa. *{oa of mucous mem-
KT TKttm3 Cheu-calCo brancs -
C *^*Z*££J^'£\SP U Circular sent oa requeet.
-f . V . ..•¦:¦
AA/.T. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AHO ATTORNEY- AT-L iff.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bide
Telephone Main 083., •>:•:¦
Residence. 821 California Et., below Powell.
Residence Telephone, James 1501. '.
Weak^Men and Women
SHOULD USE^DAMIAKA BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health. and.
ttrenpth to sexual organ*. Depot, 323 Market.
This signature is oa every box of the gcnnlne
.Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieu
th/ remedy that coxes a cold In «ne d«
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SECOBITY TRUST
— A3TD —
LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN* THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania., on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on
that day; made to the Insurance Commissioner
cf the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of section 613 ol the Political Code
of caid State. •
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Caeh $ 500,000.00
ASSETS. ~
2Cet value of Real Estate owned
by the Company » $1,033,000.00
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate.. 125,600.00
Yremium note and loans in any
form taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies new in force.. fc 50,358. 4S
Cash market vdue of all Stocks *
anl Bonds owned by the Com- i
pany 241.938.00
Amount cf Cash on hand in Com-
pany's office 611.08
Amount of cash deposited in Banks 32,332.53
Interest due and accrued 9,445.70
Agents' Ledg-er Balances 36,395.22
Ket amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 104,183.18
Cash loar-s to policy holders on
this Company's policies as-
signed as collateral 30.526.30
Chectnut-Etreet National Bank... 12.641.63
Total Assets $1,677,030.16
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due $ 69.335.34
Claims resisted by the Company.. 25,500.00
J»et present value of all the out- ¦
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with
four per cent interest 1,126,203.72
Taxes. Bills," etc 1.8SS.08
Present value of unpaid amounts
on matured Installment policies. 23,834.00
AH ether liabilities 17.215.01
Total Liabilities ...^'.......$1,263,476.15
INCOME. . :
Caeh received for premiums on
new policies during the year....$ 151,941.02
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 631,791.49
Cash received for Interest 22,200.83
Cash received for rents *-163,175.65
Received for reinsuring risks of
American Union Life Ine. Co 206,611.53
Received from all other sources.. 1.816.75
Total Income $1,177,537.47 j
EXPENDITURES. . : :
Cash pcld for losses and : matured
endowments ./ $ 500,572.62
Cash paid for eurrenderod policies. 13.336.00
Cash paid for dividends to policy '
holders 146.32
Commissions paid io agents 184,025.70
Salaries and other" compensation of
officers and employes, except
cgents and medical examiners.. . 37,985.75
Kalarif-s- and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 3,216.46
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 15,887.52
Cash paid for tares 18.300.42
Cash paid for rents 22,340.05
Cash paid for commuting commis-
sions 3,700.00
All other cash payments (specify-
ing; -243.400.4e
Totfl expenditures (luring
the year % D92.9i7.S0
ROEEP.T E. PATTISON, President.
O. A. CRAIXE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Stb
tfay of February. 1SC2.
¦ , , VINCENT BOSEMON.
Commissioner frr California in New York.
WONG WOO,
• Jjr TT CHINESE TEA AND. HERB
M£ 7 ¦ SANITARIUM.
t 765-6G ClaySt, S. F., Cal.
V/^%7W'4W A i-L DISEASES CURED
" G'tt (i~hinil •• rk. «clutlvely . by Chine**
kerbs. . over 3000 vaj-ietlea being- used. Hours
*;£0 to a a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to » p. m.
arC RnOWn Sym "
(7^M bols wherever
Va^^^^*W^a^J thesunofcivilix-
jr^\ fxr« ation has risen.
This trade xnarK indicates purity and per-
fection in brewing, and has been used on
more bottles than any. other label in the
world. Found only, on the famous bottling of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis. U. S. A.
Breteers of the famous Budwetser, Michel ob. BlacK 6 Tan, Faust,
Falc Laser, Anheuser-Standard, Export Palo and Z,xquiait«.
Allyordcrs promptly filled l»y
£. G. LYOffS & EAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal. i\
'I l!i^f II! S 1 s wee^ w *^ en^ our ver Y suc-
\ Wmk ||g I i I cessful sale of broken lines of suits- and
lH B mentis growing smaller and smaller—
¦•' 1H \ I 1.1 I y0U had better nurr y H you wish to
A •rv/^m^r ' y^VV5+'" I0 ' res P^ ctiveI y» on sale in two lots:
r% IlC W' -Still • Suits worth $2.7$, $3.00 and $3.^0 to go
/• it "f -a , at S2.10; .suits worth $1.75, $4.50,
lor'tne/'holiqay oo ' u P t °;^o,goat$2.85.
fn=rnnrrrt\i/ -Youths' Suits
T / . , V/ — '" Made of winter-weight materials, in
Why not have a new suit for the .many patterns, single or double breasted,
holiday to-morrow? It need not be an forrner prices $7.00, $8.£o, $10.00 and
expensive one. : Ours, which we are I2 -?°» now/educed to $5,45,
selling ;at the special :price of; $6.65,
will answer the purpose and will prove ' OpCOcitS //^fti^
very good, serviceable suits for business Made of covert" < /te^a|%-
afterwards^ -In addition to getting a material in neat, , ys^^M
•very satisfactory suit you are. paying for; light shades of tan! r'M^AM
it fully a half less than you. would or- Topcoats for chil- ¦ iMf^fc^:
dinarily pay. The suits are worth $12.^0. dren from 3 to 8 I iwW^^k '
The sizes and patterns are somewhat years, former price yj}B|P !jiil|ii
broken, so we have reduced the price to £4-00, how S2.60; ja|H[& ifllffl|»V
< -, topcoats for boys from \ J%£ i| I 'U (S^S'
As announced :a short time ago, an-' SS^SSs^l ' fflfi W^
other, shipment of our popular 'suits $4.00. . - iil I f
has arrived from our workshops; the " Bfl \\f\ JmtJ
assortment is very extensive, cpmpris- YokeCOatS*.
ing rough and smooth cheviots in black. Mide of . aii-wooi' * \W& Sll
and; white;^stripes, olive 'shades' andi tweeds m herring- imf S2\ v .
brown mixtures, blue serges and black bone weaves,: inyis- .\ \mm ' H| I '
clay worsteds in single and doub'e ibl^- 5 iWv W' I
• A at oui 1 •• «r • . ' v"^""^^"^™^""«»^»^' fit t- ? ?/» »i
; windows^vill alweys^^^^^^T^^ A /^V/'V BTV N SilIcd -w«-iti us j£
"clothesj hats oi». fur- X ' :¦.''''.''*¥'.' -¥••¦'•*¦' "•-' -!'¦ ¦--- *:^f ' w* jr^ oV:The Lyceum Clothing Co.
Will sell men's fleece lined undershirts,
worth 75c. for 30c. at the manufacturers'/
eale, 915" Market st^, opp. Mason. ¦ •
Ten deputy county clerks worked on
the documents in the County Clerk's of
fice last night until 10 o'clock In an en
deavor to bring the work of the office up
to date. When County Clerk Mahony
took office he found the work nine moruhs
behind. HeyWill keep ten men at work
every night until the work la caught up
with, which will probably be about
June U ' . • . ;
Clerks Work Overtime.
Sons of the Bevolution.
The • California Society, Sons of the
American Revolution, will celebrate
Washington's birthday by a banquet In
the Occidental Hotel. A feature of the
banquets given by this association have
been the after-dinner speeches, and this"
year will not be an exception to the rule.
Those who will address the society are:
Rev. F. W. Clampett, Charles M. Daly
of the University of California, General
S. B. M. Young,- Horace G. Platt and Rev.
Otis G. Baker of Oakland.
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man j Ideal Fountain Pens,"- $2 50 to $li)
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall,"
the best $1 Fountain Pen In the* world.
Sanborn. Vail . & Co. , 741 Market at. ~ •
Frank Callaghan . appeared In Judge
Conlan's court yesterday on a charge of
burglary and the case wr.s continued till
to-morrow. Shortly after 1 o'clock yes
terday morning Sergeant Blank and
Policeman McKenna saw Callaghan lead
ing a horse with saddle and bridle along
Mission street and stopped him. They
later learned that the horse had been
stolen from Percy Benson's. stables in the
rear of 2S22 Mission street.
Horse Thief Arrested.
The Point. JLobO8 Improvement Club i3
seeking direct communication with Sun
set Valley, on the south side of Golden
Gate Park: At a meeting of the club last
night the Inconvenience to Richmond mer
chants- in delivering goods to the Sunset
Valley residents was discussed. It wa3
shown that all wagons hauling goods
were compelled to . go . in a roundabout
course, via Stanyan street. To overcome
this a committee, consisting of E. E. Gil-
Ion, G. A. Blank and F. S. Lafferty, waa
appointed to request the Park Commis
sioners to cut. a driveway across Golden
Gate Park at some point between Sixth
and Fifteenth avenues. Also to grade
and macadamize Clement street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third ave
nues; Clement street, between Sixteenth
and Eighteenth avenues, and the crossing
of Seventeenth avenue.
Cut a Boadway for Their
Convenience.
Park Commissioners to Be Asked to
The Supervisors' Police Committee
again postponed action yesterday for one
week on the applications of the Xational,
Hayes Valley and Pacific Coast "Athletic
clubs to give a professional boxing exhibi
tion in March. The representatives of the
clubs were willing to draw lots for the
permit, but the committee refused to con
sent to the arrangement. Supervisor Box
ton favors the National Club, Curtis the
Hayes VaUey Club, while' Eggers Is non
committal. . •
During the discussion "Jim" Neal said
W. A. Brady informed him that the Yo
semite Club hud clinched the coming Jef
frles-Fitzsimnwns match for May. Su
pervisor Curtis questioned the right of the
ciub to arrange a match without being
sure of its peiinit. Curtis said the club
promoting tha contest should give a por
tion of th6 re<*ipta to charity or for the
children's playground south of Market
street. Joseph Goddard agreed on the
part of the National Club to give one-half
of the profits of the exhibition. Neal said
the Pacific Coast Athletic Club would give
10j>er cent of the profits to any charity
suggested by the .committee. ¦
pionship Fight May Go to
Charity.
Portion of the Heavy- Weight Cham-
EICHMOND MERCHANTS
SEEKING A SHOBT CUT
Fireman Takes . Charles Conlan's
BOBBED IN" DAYLIGHT.
Watch and Money.
Charles Conlan, a train dispatcher from
Grants Pass, .Or.,' was held up about 10
o'clock yesterday morning In front of the
Bowhead saloon; on Kast street and
robbed of a watch and some money. The
thief was ' John Kennedy, said to be a
railroad fireman. . There were several wit
nesses to. the robbery and Kennedy was
promptly arrested. Daniel O'Connor, who
says he is a glovemaker, was also locked
up on . suspicion of being, an accomplice.
Conlan said that he met Kennedy on the
train. They, traveled together from Sac
ramento. Kennedy exhibited a pin of the
railroad fraternal order, to which Conlan
belongs, and said that he, too. was a
member.. When they got to this side . of
the bay they went to the Bowhead saloon,
where they - had several drinks , together.
Conlan left \Kennedy in the . saloon and
was standing on the sidewalk in front of
the place when Kennedy walked -up to
him, grabbed his watch and chain, pulled
some money out of his. pocket and ran up
the street. - .
. Policemen Dower and Castro, who were
in the neighborhood, were notified of the
occurrence.' They arrested Kennedy an*i
O'Connor, who. had been acting apparent
ly as lookout.- When searched at the po
lice station Conlan's watch and $4 10 were
found on Kennedy. Conlan says he lost
about; $40. . Kennedy and« O'Connor were
charged with grand larceny. "
Will Lecture on the Buffalo.
I The subject chosen for. the regular Fri
day- evening lecture at the. Soutk Park
Settlement will be "The- Buffalo In the
History. of the "West."The lecture will be
given by Miss Lucile" Eaves and will be
illustrated by [ stereopticon views. '
BOXING FEBIitIT FOB
MAECH STILL UUTLACED
men. He says he does not know- their
names, but will be able to identify them
in eyent .they are. arrested. . He gave an
accurate description of j them to Peshon
and Silver. . Maas was very much shaken
up over his experience, more particularly
the -threatened ducking in the -water
trough.: :, . • / -; ¦
PLUMBER FIGHTS
THREE ROBBERS
Jacob' Maas Has an Ex
. citing Experience
With Thugs. >
| A daring attempt to rob 'Jacob. Maas, a
plumber, living -at 320G Francisco .street,
was ; made by ¦ three men , at Powell and
Francisco streets while he was on his way
home, about 3 o'clock yesterday morning.
Just as he reached the corner named the
three; men, confronted him. and .' ordered
him [to ( throw up his > hand,s. • He '; refused
and' one of them struck him on -the face,
knocking him down. vThey. Jumped' upon
him : and he fought them as best he could,
at the; same time yelling for help. ; They
dragged- him to a water trough with" the
intention of throwing him in; but his cries
finally ' frightened them . and they ran
away.: 1 -¦.-.. '>•: y ' .'. ¦ ¦; v „;.:.>
I About 1 . o'clock : yesterday afternoon
Maas told Policemen r Peshon and Silver
that the 'three men who assaulted him
were drinking in a saloon at Stockton and
Francisco streets and the officers went to
the place. ' Officer Pe3hon entered the sa
loon by the front door and Silver guard-'
ed a side entrance. Only one of the: men
was' there, and as Peshon entered , with
Maas | he ran toward the- side door into
the arms ' of ; Policeman Silver. : He was
taken x to> the City Prison, where. he gave
the name. of Andrew Cappelll, and was
booked on the. charge of attempt to com
mit robbery. .
Maas went.' before Judge Cabanlss ¦ and
swore • to the :warrants for Cappelli's ar
rest and. for 'the arrest of the other. two
formation except as to patent of any value
in this office." - • ' '- . '¦'¦¦.. £
Concerning the last consideration it may
be said that If the Big Basin Commission
had been contented to accept the situation
in tnis easy fashion, when a map was se
cured that had on it several tracts mere
ly marked "unknown owner," they would
already have found trouble in the control
ol the west fork of "Waddell Creek.,
Important Matter.
What Mr. Mattison appears to_ regard
of little account— the ownership of the
tracts in Question— has already been con
sidered of sufficient importance, to engage
the prompt, attention of the Governor of
California and his . associates in .the Big
Basin Commission and also Senator Per
kins and the General Land Commissioner
at Washington. >¦¦" .'¦
The Santa Cruz County Assessor asserts
that the lands in question are. not in the
Big Basin: Against this opinion must be
put the acts of the Big Basin Commission,
including the Governor, unless the suppo
sition is entertained that, in their capacity
of Big Basin Commissioners they are en
gaged in annexing lands that can be of no
use to the park when it is finally accepted.
Private parties, as was said in the original
story in The Call, had knowledge that the
Assessor failed officially to find out. They
were prepared to-, turn it to "private ad
vantage when the Big Basin Park Com
missioners stepped in and interfered In
behalf of the State of California.
There is no danger that the private
parties will get the public domain in the
Big Basin at present. Upon this the Stata
and the commission to be . congratu
lated. Mr. Mattison's plea that the lands
are not In the Big Basin, in view of the
attitude of the. Big Basin Commission, will
hardly be accepted to extenuate ignorance
of *he facts concerning i realty in - Santa
Cruz County, which it is his duty to know
all about for assessment purposes. :v
Counterfeiter Bair Pleads. 1
Ulysses Grant Bair, the Frultvale coun
terfeiter, was arraigned yesterday | morn-
Ins in the United States District Court
and pleaded not guilty to the indictment
charging him with making, passing and
having in possession counterfeit dollars.
Monday, March 10, was fixed as the date
for tho trial.
The exclusive story in The Call concern
ing the prompt action of the Big, Basin
Commissioners to* hold for the State lands
in the Big Basin that might otherwise find
private owners and so become a source of
embarrassment to the State In connecting
bodies of land that may " be selected . for
park purposes has caused much approval
for the Commissioners. A stir has also
been occasioned at Santa Cruz by the
publication of the facts. It I was pointed
out in The Call that had not the Commis
sioners acted at once one mile of the bed
of the indispensable west fork' of the
Waddell Cree* would : have been home
steaded by Miss McKinney, daughter of
one of the holders of timber lands In the
Big Basin. The Commissioners succeeded
in having .the Land Commissioner at
Washington hold up from location all the
Government lands in the Big Basin. Other
points of 'importance to the gtate might
easily have been lost but fo/. the zeai of
the Big Basin Commission. • ,;
Boundaries in Doubt.
Some Question has been raised in Santa
Cruz as to whether the Government lands
that have been discovered by the . Big
Basin Commission are really in the Basin.
The Commissioners take the • view that
they are in the Basin or on the ridges sur
rounding the Basin. No one can exactly
define the Big Basin. A topographical
map of the regipn'makes it apparent that
there are two basins rimmed in with' high
hills In the general locality. The wisdom
of >. he Commissioners in taking care ty
keep from private entry any lands that
may be needed to connect • up tracts or
that are scenic points is evident in this
view, of the case. V
Assessor Frank Mattison of Santa Cruz
County has sent a, statement to The Call
in which he disputes the assertion made
in The Call that Government lands have
been assessed to unknown owners in the
office of the fianta Cruz Assessor. The
material . point in the statement of The
Call was tht.t the lands had been con
cealed from the public under the general
designation of lands held by "unknown
owners." Mr. Mattison says on this
point:
Vague Map Books.
The reason said lands are marked - "un
known owner" on maps, rather than "gov
ernment lands," is that until patent is filed
in the Recorder's office we have no means of
knowing whether any. of these lands have
been filed upon or not. ¦ This information can
be obtained, of course, upon . request from
the land* office, but, as the lands are not as
sessable until -patented, there is no.information
except as to patent of any value to this office.
My map books are and always ¦ have been
open to the inspection of the public and are
daily made ! use of by abstractors and others
Interested in real estate transactions, and there
is nothing more mysterious ¦ in the manner
these lands are carried upon said books than
Is the' case with any other lands. .- • •¦
In this Mr. Mattison reveals several
points. One is that the books in the office
of the County Assessor of Santa Cruz
upon which the Government lands are car
ried under the designation of "unknown
owner" are the map books and that these
are the books that the public consult for
information. The general public could
not recognize Government lands that they
could get for the homesteading under any
such designation as "unknown owner."
Another point is that he had no informa*
tlon to give about the lands, for he says
In the foregoing: "As the lands are not
assessable until patented, there is no ln-
transmission of twenty-two words In a
minute did not compare badly with ! the
work of the cables. The delects with ref
erence to secrecy had been removed.
After perfecting arrangements in Canada
he would challenge Sir William Pries and
Professor Lodge" to intercept messages.
The monopoly claimed by the Briti&h
Postal Telegraph had hitherto impeded
the establishment of a wireless service in
England and Ireland.
Marconi complained that obstructions
were thrown in his way on tiis side of
the Atlantic, in marked contrast with the
generous encouragement which he had re
ceived from the governments and press
of the United States and Canada. In re
gard to the commercial side of the sys
tem Marconi said that on the recent ar
rival of an American liner upward of 8000
words were received within sixteen hour3.
The transmission of this number; of words
daily across the Atlantic would represent
an annual income of £73.000 for each pair
of stations. The company, in the firs/; in
stance, was proceeding to install two
pairs of stations. Marconi will sail for
Canada next Saturday. ,.
LOXDON, Feb. 20.— At a general meet
ing of the Marconi Wireless Telegraph
Company to-day Martoni, referring to tnc
trans- Atlantic experiments, announced
that the next series of tests would in
clude the transmission o' words and mes
sages. He added that'tfvere was nothing
to prevent th-i company Itoci undertaking
commercial communication with ships at
eea. The system at preitent was ic per
manent use on board seventy shiflt and
there were twenty-five laLid stations. His
The officers on the beat said that Phll
lins kept a savage dogjin the saloon at
nights, and if any stranger had entered
during the night the dog would have sig
naled the fact. Sergeant Campbell also
said that two officers had been stationed
around • the corner nearly all night and
they did not see any one enter the place,
nor did-thev hear any noise.
The detectives in submitting their re
port to -Captain Seymour conclude with
the opinion that it was an "inside Job."
The saloon of Richardson & O'Lane, 551
Geary street, was entered by a burglar
between 2 and 6 o'clock yesterday morn
irg and v cigars and bottles of whisky to
the value of $19 and $10 cash were stolen.
The money was hidden, in a back room
off the barroom and the saloon men sus
pect a man who was in the place when
it was closed for. the night.
Tony Phillips\ saloon-keeper, 2901 Baker
street, reported to the police yesterday
that, sometime during the night his
place had been' entered, his safe opened
and $1178 which was In the safe stolen. He
had the money in, the safe with the object
of paying off some bills yesterday.
Captain Seymour detailed Detectives
Reynolds and Coleman on the case. They
ascertained that Phillips was one of , the
saloon-keepers near the. Presidio whose
applications "for licenses .were refused by
the Police Commissioners Tuesday night.
Phillips told. them he owed $1700 to Mr.
Ritter, from whom he had purchased the
saloon, and $700 for groceries and liquors.
The safe has no combination and i3 open
ed with a -key. • . • • ' .
Sergeant , Campbell carefully. ' examined
the premises, but | found no trace of any
one having climbed over the bacK sheds.
The back door nad the. mark of a chisel
on it , and one of . the other doors was
locked. . Phillips said this door had been
forced off its fastenings, but the. officers
discovered no - evidence / of ¦ such an oc *
currence. .' . . ' . : / ;'„ >' :
Queen Helena accompanied the King to
Parliament. The procession to and from
the Senate was imposing.
In the relations of state and church my Gov
ernment intends to maintain strictly the sepa
ration of the civil from spiritual authority, to
honor the clergy, but to confine them In their
own domain; to extend unrestricted respect to
relisrioua liberty of conscience, but to in
vincibly preserve intact the .prerogative of
civil power and the rights of national sover
eignty. ' :'t
•ROME, Feb. 20.— Kins Victqr Emanuel
opened Parliament to-day with»consider
able ceremony. In the speech from the
throne he referred to the tranqullizlng ef
fect on the country of the Government 3
liberal policy and to. the excellent rela
tions existing between Italy and all tna
powers. ¦ He said In part:^
A policy which bears in mind all our rights
and all. our duties has earned us a large share
of sood will and flattering testimonies, of the
esteem!* which our country Is held by foreiea
nations. Tl)«s confidence which Great Britain
and Erazil placed in me by selecting me aa
arbitrator «.si very pleasing to me.
Thus, to the concert of the great nations.
the defense of our interests and fidelity to our
alliances and ties of cordial 'friendships are
fully reconeillable with Italy's supreme aim.
which is peace. .. ' '¦
Hl3 Majesty dwelt at length on the ne
cessity for social legislation, especially
as regards the working people, and said:
To honor labor, to fairly recompense and pro
tect It- to improve the lot of those disinherited
by fortune are the alms of the newer civiliza
tion. If the Government and Parliament s uc
ceed In this direction, while safeguarding
equally the rights of all classes, they will have
accomplished a memorable worl£ of Justice.
Referring to the proposed divorce bill,
his Majesty said:-
Prompt Act of Commission
Has Preserved Key *of ,
Situation;
Intends Sailing for Canada
to Continue His Experi
mental Work.
Says Government Intends to
Confine Clergy to Their
Own Domain.
Place and Steal Stock
• and Cash.
Burglars Enter GfearyStreet
',¦-..¦• ."• , ¦¦ ¦ : •;•. ,¦¦•••. .¦¦•¦¦¦•¦•• ¦ ,-; .-¦•• ?W88&wm®B*/*w^
ZONDON, Feb\20.—4 detachmpiLof the: Scots. Greys^ ( Second^Dragoons) r .one. of- Great-
Britain's crack dragoon regiments, has -been 'cut up- by the Boers at Klipdam:' Major C.
: W. M/ Fcilderi and Captain) E. Ussher were wounded, '¦_ tzvo^men killed, : were
y '.'wounded and forty-six 'captured :x.yT he news was received Jhis morning from Lord Kitch
ener hi a dispatch dated -Pretoria^ 'Wednesday; February ' Jp- • The Scots Greys /formed [.part of
General Gilbert Hamilton's coliunn^--^
force of Boers at Klipdam. TheiScpisiGre^ zvere surrounded and cut off: Gen
eral Hamilton was unable to; dislodge the -Boers i from their position, so, he continued his march
toward Nigel; The Boers released the ¦ Scois Greys wlio had been -made- prisoners.
. • • BRUSSELS, Feb} 20.^— It is .said in Boer circles that HfWolmarans and Wcsscls, afterin
vestigating.' the- situation in the United States; aclvise.Kritger that a tour of the United States
'would be beneficial to the Boer cause, the Boer President overcome his aversion to a long trip
¦ dnd undertake the journey. Kriiger-, appears to \bein excellent physical condition and his physicians
"¦¦ adviseihim: at. the proper season.' . Wolmarans and Wessels zvill
- spenda month in the United States. ! ; : - - '. • ,¦'_:' : ' \ > \ . : . f v';
VIENNA, Feb. 20.— In the^Reichsrath to-day Herr Wolf , the ; Pan-German deader, gave
- notice i'o) c an 'interpellation inM
of Hungary, to prohibit 'the 'export ¦ of ?horses from Austria I and Hungary;- to South Africa and
erence to Secrecy \
Are Removed.
_^ • • . •
Says Defects With Ref-
Statement Is Made by
the Assessor of Santa
Cruz County.
King of Italy OpensPar
liament Witb Speech
From Throne.
Scots Greys Meet a Crush
Fortv^-Six :Captureid----Prisoners Subsequently Released.
Tony Phillips Alleges
¦His Safe Was
Robbed.
BASIK'S LANDS
CAUSING STIR
MARCONI TELLS
OF HIS TESTS
CLAIMS THIEVES
STOLE HIS CASH
DETACHMENT OF CRACK DRAGOON REGIMENT
IS CUT UP BY THE DARING BOERS AT KLIPDAM
OUTLINES POLICY
OF HIS COUNTRY
4
BEBHIEBBBBIMiBBgBaBBBBBBBBBBBBHHBBBECBHHBBlBBBIB
bo— ; — — — ",• .' ..'.'.'. — ¦-¦".¦" — - — .."•:.,- - ,••,!..... •...,¦'•.'.'.-..?.'- •,-:.,.¦., — ; — • .- ¦¦¦ ¦ '. ,. . — ..-.„. «. -;,.-. -. • . • ... ... .-¦•.V,."*.. . — ¦. .;..¦— ; -~~ — r~ — : — : ¦ — — s
h . * .. , . • , ;•¦ - . ¦ •¦;• /'- : ;..-¦' .; ; ¦¦•¦.•.-•/¦ ; . ; . : -.",. " •' :• ; - ¦¦.•.?¦"..¦.. •.' : "-.' .•"•;:',./. ,-,; .•..¦'. -¦.,.,..-;:,••,-¦ ; */.;*>¦-• \ ;-. ".jv • ¦ ¦" ';¦;..:¦ ¦,-.. ¦' ' ¦ > : ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦
¦ ' •.,'..... ... .................... ¦¦¦.,; ... ; . . . V. , , ¦ . V. . . . ¦ ; H ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ... ... . . > , T. .¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ .7. J ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ V; .^ i , i . f V /..... .... ¦
| I; | :^;I^a^:^i^<eri iroxibleci ;a year, off\krid:ori> with coirstfpation, Biliou^»; j |
| i: i ness aqd sick headaches. One day a friend asked me what the trouble I 1
| I • was. . When.I told him' he recommended Ripans TabulesfTfiat even- I - |
\ j I ing I got a box, r"and after the second box I began to feel so much | j I
1 j | relief J:hat I l^ept oh \yjth them. I have Ripans Tabules always in I S
\ i I the house now arid carry a package of them in my ; pocket. , I |
U 2. "' '.-•'¦- ' r ¦ " ¦ - ' -¦ ¦' - ¦*' • " - * " * . " - ."¦'¦',_' • i " . .,-.%, -^ _'¦ .: ...»--.. ¦ ,. ''.'•-. ., *. i . ' ¦-'.¦' '~* ;*' v< " *,'¦¦*"..¦¦. '- - ' ' ¦ ; i ¦¦ . {> **'
K* -. m m m * m *' m .* "' * . m m * * * m m - f t t t t «¦>«»«»«» m • m • m > • » » • ••••••*••• m •••••• m • m ••••*• m >'•'*•"»'» ttVt ¦¦ t ¦ •'¦ ¦ m m m m « ¦» ¦> • • • • • • 4 ' • • • • • • • m • m 1 V - ~- - - '- - ' '- '-. ' -' : ' M : 'V''- ' : . -..*¦'.. T B3
gggiaMlEKlMllMHgBWMMMlMlMlMMBEeiBBBIBBE^Sun, Moon ! and \ Tide.
Charters.
, The schooner Robert Lewers ' will < load ¦ lum
ber at Gamble for Honolulu. ¦ ' . , ; .->•
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, ¦ with 62.
880- ctls i wheat, .valued at , $.66,000/, and' 20,000
feet' of lumber, as. dunnage, valued at $300.. ¦•'.--,.
* The German ship Seefahrer. which was clear
ed yesterday for the same port,; has 75,081. ctls
wheat, valued ; at $7©,840,vand 21,357 feet of
lumber as dunnage, valued at $348.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Braneh Hydrographies Office, U..S..N.,-Mer
chants' - Exchange, San . Francisco, Cal..
. ' February 20, 1002. ' :. H ':* -
The Time Ball on the : tower of . the Ferry
building was 1 dropped exactly at 'noon- to-day,
1 . e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or* at 8
r> m Greenwich mean time. ¦¦'.' "¦ ¦ ' :
¦'¦ . "W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant, U.' S.' N.,- in charge, g
Time Ball.
' NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides i of the
day In the order of occurrence an to time; the
fourth time column I gives | the last tide • of the
day, except when there are but three tides., as
sometimes occurs. The .. heights given are in
addition to the soundings <Jf the United Stated
Coast Survey Charts. . except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height.- and then the number
given ie subtracted from the depth. given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower Jow waters.; -..••... . ., )•...,; , > --,
Complaint Against Crew of Alice Mc-
Donald for Conspiracy.
Complaint was filed yesterday by United
States District Attorney Woodworth
against E. Anderson, F. O'Farrell, Fred
Hansen, W. Johnstone, Michael Guerin
SAXLOES MAY BE PUNISHED.
Sausalito came within an ace of colliding
yesterday morning,- and passengers on
both boats were subjected *, to all the
thrills of an actual collision. The Don
ahue left Tlburon at 7:50, at which hour
the Bausalito started from . Sausalito.
They reached the vicinity of thair slips
about the same time and were gliding in
Bide by side, close enough together for
conversation between their respective pas
sengers. The Sausalito was on the in
side. The boats came closer and closer
and were within a few, yards of each
other when the Sausalito turned her nose
toward the Donahue. The Donahue's tel
egraph bells jingled warnings to
th<- engine room. . The Sausalito
came , nearer and the passengers
began to take a lively Interest In
the struggle for - precedence. The Don
ahue slowed down, then stopped and only
avoided a collision by going full speed
astern. Before she began to make stern
way, however, there was the wildest ex
citement on both boats. Passengers ran
to and fro and were loud-tongued in their
denunciation of the Sausaiito's navigator.
The Sausalito held on her way, however,
: and the Donahue's passengers had time
to cool down while the captain maneu
vered abound the bay trying to regain a
position favorable for running into his
slip.
Ferry Boats Almost Collide.
The ferry-boats James F. Donahue and
THE schooner Laura Pike, which
was abandoned by captain and
crew on February 7 off Trinidad,
is still afloat, still right side up
and still floundering about In the
course of coastwise steamers, adding to
the already numerous dangers of navi
gation. The Government will probably
be asked to send out & revenue cutter to
find and destroy the derelict. The sieam-
Ehip Victoria, which arrived yesterday
frexn Ledysmith, passed the Laura Pike
III latitude 4iM north, longitude 124.54
T.est^ When Captain Johnson and his
crew-' left the Pike her masts were stand
rug and Tnainsail and foresail were set.
¦When the Victoria saw the Pike she was
pretty low in the water, her mainmast
with its sail was trailing over the side,
but the foremast was still standing and
guttering in the breeze were the tattered
remnants of the foresail. Had tho
¦weather permitted the officers of the Vic
tnria wotild have destroyed the derelict
but when they sighted the wreck the
¦wind waa blowing with hurricane force
and the sea tumbling mountains -high
Luring the present dark, stormy nights
Use Leura Pake is a terrible menace to
navigation. She has of course no lights
oa her and makes no sound. to warn the
mariner of her whereabouts. She has
Eubsterce enough to send the stoutest
ehip to the bottom, and her hull is so sub
merged as to be hardly visible to the
lookout. The Victoria had a very rough
trip and was two days late in arriving,
ene bad one of her-lifeboats stove in by
the sea. ;.•,— •• • ¦
TQ SAIL.
FROM ; SE1A.TTLE.
NEWS' OF THE. OCEAN.
The German ship C. H. Watjen was cleared
'The gasoline 'launch Dot took fire yes
terday at. Clay-street wharf.';, The Interior
of the boat was badly -scorched. ; The firo
department extinguished \the flames ! with
a chemical engine. John McGinnes, who
was aboard when the gasoline caught fire,
escaped with a few burns on his hands. .
The German ship Isis arrived here yes
terday from Hamburg. She brought ; sev
eral passengers and a large cargo. "-•
The Occidental and - Oriental steamship
Gaelic arrived- yesterday, at Hongkong I
The river boat Pride of : the River . yes
terday ran into Mission-street wharf and
smashed a few piles. ¦ ¦ ¦ -' — ,-:.-,.'
The Alaska Packers' 'Association will
this year send forty-two vessels to '¦; the
fisheries. This is the largest fleet in years.
The steam collier,; Pleiades, which^ ar
rived yesterday from the north,
tered rough weather throughout i the trip.
The Stockton river steamer T. C. -Walk
er carried away, her rudder on her down
trip yesterday. In breaking ¦, adrift the
rudder got foul of the big stern wheel and
did quite a little damage., ¦
Water Front Notes.
The Norwegian ship Anglla, bound from
Newcastle, Australia, to Panama, was
posted yesterday as missing. Reinsurance
rates on the . other overdue vessels were
increased all down the line. The list now
stands: Acme, 20 per cent;. Red Rock. '15
per cent; Inchcape Rock, 15 per cent; Earl
Cadogan, 15 per cent; Lcs Adelphes, 20 per
cent; Ernest Legoure, 20 per. cent; Oliver
de Cllsson, 20 per cent; Yosemite, 15 per
'cent., '¦ ¦ -•-.'; ;-¦¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
The Overdue Fleet.
A hundred cases of halibut, part of the
cargo cf the , Umatilla, were consigned
yesterday to the fertilizer works. * The
protracted trip down the coast and . the
long delay In quarantine were too much
for the fish. They had ceased to be fresh
when the food inspector smelled them,
and they were forthwith condemned.
Quarantine Fixed the Fish.
The whaling fleet is preparing for sea,
and all along the water front the odorif
erous craft are being scraped, painted and
generally made ready for long cruises.
The boats will all be started by March
10. .Those going into, commission are the
William' Baylies, Andrew Hicks, Jeanette
Belvedere, Bowhead and Karluk. \ .
Whalers Getting^ Ready.
Stmr Chas Nelson, - Schage, 35 hours from I
San Pedro.' *:- '".••, "¦'¦';'¦';_¦• -.". • , •¦ ¦¦. • ¦
Stmr Westport.'Erickson, '42 hours from Eu
reka. .-.,.•¦ ¦ ¦ . ' . ",i: ¦ ."' " - ". .- .'. . - . .: .;. I ¦ «
' Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterey!
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 65 hours from * Port
land, via \Astoria 51 hours. , . ¦¦ ¦ j-
Stmr ' Santa Rosa, Alexander, 43 hours - from
San-Dlcso.-- • , ' •¦ '¦ . . '• .'¦¦ . -, . ;.
-, Stmr Coos Bay,' Gielow,* 63 hours from New
port (SJ.r etc. r-_. ;•¦ ' ¦¦.• i- • . •¦* - - ¦. -¦ -. . .,-•¦¦•¦¦ •.--.
Stmr National City,'. Johnson, 1 28 hours from
Fort Brass. ,' . ' .
Ger »tmr Isls, 1 Groot, 68 day» from Ham
burg, via Ocos 9 days. \'~,«j - V
'•' Nor stmr Tltania, ; EBenes,- 4& days from
Nanalmo. " ¦ - -v
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, 10 days from
Hllo. • • ¦ v .'¦'-,.
Bktn '¦ Ruth, Cameron, 14 \ days ¦ from Mah'u
kona. ; ¦ - : ; ¦ ¦ • •• <¦¦ ' . '. : . -, • ¦ :-, . ¦¦ '
. /,.-'¦ cleared, r- i ¦ : ¦¦;¦:,
¦•:'¦ : Thursday, February 1 20.
Stmr John S Klmball, 'Thwlng; E T Krus» '
Ger. ship C H Watjen, Dlercks; Queenstown-
L Kauftman. '" :*/-/-.' .-¦; ,: » ;.
Ger --¦ shlj> .: Seefahrer,' Schumacher Queens
town; Epplneer & Co. ¦¦-•"""¦
Brig Galilee. ; Helllnsaen, . Mahukona: Hind'
Rolph & Co. ' . ¦;.-•¦¦• , ¦
,/•;.;.¦: '.-¦¦¦:.'/ : " ¦BAILED.'^. VV\ .-'.•';• " .
/ ; x ' V Thursday; ; February 20.
Stmr Santa Monica; Olsen, Eureka. . : : ¦'¦¦ -
Stmr John.S Kimball, .Thwlngr, ¦ Seattle
. Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma. ¦ - v
-'• Stmr ¦ Brunswick, Dettmera, ¦> Eureka.
. ¦¦¦ : ,•; ¦'-. '•;-.':-• ,,,¦ spoken.V
*' Feb 9. 1 lat : 46 N/ Ion ¦ 31 : W— Br shlD Kins
George, hence Sept 20, ' for Queenstown
MEMORANDUM. ™ ', ' ; :
.Per bark Amy Turner — Feb 11, lat 27 >r inn
145 ¦ W. had a heavy SE grale, , with very hl*h
confused sea, fllllnB decks . to rail . and stov« IS
about 15 feet of ¦ starboard * bulwarks " Feb >V2
John Kanaka, ; seaman,; amative : of 'Honolulu
aged 22 years,' fell | from the main upper ton
sail yard j on the t; main hatch and was klii^ i
instantly. -S He .was buried at . sea next dav
v ' -TELEGRAPHIC. t--'
POINT' LOBOS, ;Feb '^O.-IO. d ni— WeithiV
fORsy; wind S, .velocity 16 miles: per hour
- ,,vA:; v - DOMESTIC FORTS. flou f:
PORTLAND— Arrived ; Feb ! 20— Bark < V»r
sallies, from Glasgow. • . , *- ... ver "
,8 AN DIEGO-Arrived, Feb 20-lSchr Maggie
C'Kuas, from Eureka. ; , «"«kib
7 . NE AH ' BAT— Passed • in' Feb 20— Bktn ' Am.
ranth.- from Salinas « Cruz. --. , ; rT OKln Am a .
. - SAN ' PEDRO— Arrived f Feb 20 — Stmr TV w
KruBer, from .Til lamook.r :. '..-. ~ .. W H
j Arrived ' Feb , 20-^Stmr , Coronado. ; from' Gravs
Harbor..'. . V '¦• :. : ¦•;.'. . ¦.-•"• ;. .- ¦ ,-. , ; ,. ¦,, . * ;
,- ' Sailed Feb 20— Stmrs : Alcazar and Despatch
for . San . Francisco. :: T - gn>
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Feb 20 12 -aft
p . m— Stmr Mlneola, f or : Nanalmo.i ( ¦"'¦¦,' •
.. REDONDO— Sailed :; Feb : 20, , 8 "p m— Stmr
Aberdeen. ' for. San Francisco. .. -•;-.. ¦ .
s BOWEN8 LANDING— Arrived Feb lg-^-Stiar
Redwood City, \ hence 4 Feb 17; : stmr - Navarro '
• hence Feb? \1. ,(¦-«•"•• : '\ '.-•''•-. "¦;¦>.' ;.¦,-.
; TACOMA— Sailed Feb 20--Stmr Olympic, for
China and Japan;; stmr Czarina, for San Fran-'
clsco ; V stmr : Santa * Ana.'r for '¦ San ¦ Francisco. ¦ *
¦ Sailed Feb 20— Br ship rAloaios. for , Queen3-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February. 20.
.On February, 12 John Kanaka, a, seaman
on.ther-bark Amy. Turner, which arrived
here yesterday from Hiloi fell to Hhe deck
from the main upper ; topsail yard. He
struck on the main; hatch and was in
.stantly killed. . He was buried at sea Ka
naka was 22 years of age and a native of
Honolulu. The Turner was nineteen days
making the trip and encountered a very
heavy southerly gale on February 11
which wrought, her much damage. One
big sea , came aboard and carried away
fifteen feet of the starboard bulwark.
killed by a Fall From Aloft, r
Uncle Sam wantsl a ,mate for the bar
lightship,; and a chance for the position
is open to any citizen of the United States
who has been licensed by the steamboat
inspection service. as mate of an ocean
vessel of 400 tons or more. The salary is
$800. per annum; and the applications of
those desiring to take the civil service ex
amination will be received for thirty days
from -February 20 at the office of , the
United; States Lighthouse Inspector, 404
Safe Deposit building. ~ ' • .••• ¦ •¦ ¦ j
Mate Wanted for Lightship.
The . Pacific Mail steamship San Juan
arrived yesterday from Panama and way
ports. She brought sixteen . passengers
and "a large cargo, 1400 tons of which Is
in transit for Hongkong, London and New
York. She brought in treasure about
$24,000. Her cabin passengers were:. Paul
Alice, Rene and Anto Andrade, J. Raul
Samayao, W, Greene, Walter J. Harris'
and Clifford J. Hinman. Everything was
very quiet in Panama when the San Juan
sailed. The body of General Alban had
not been recovered, but divers were still
searching for it. Wreckers were survey
lug the sunken Lautaro with a view of
raising her if they . can find anybody to
bear the expense. ; . '..'."..
Eart'Juan^ArriVetfTrom^anama?
and Christian Larsen, seamen on the
American schooner 'Alice McDonald,
charging them with conspiracy, combin
ing and confederating together to disobey
the lawful orders of the master of the
McDonald while the schooner was in the
harbor of Pago Pago, Samoa. The men
had been held for mutiny by Captain See
bree, the United States -representative at
Pago Pago, and were sent to this port for
trial. When they arrived here it was
learned that the law under .which they
had been held by Captain Sebree had
been amended so that the heaviest " pen
alty, for refusing to obey orders was the
forfeiture of a month's pay. ' Attorney
Woodworth finally discovered the section
under which the complaints were made,
and which prescribes a punishment of not
more than five. years in: the penitentiary.
ABANDONED VESSEL THAT IS
A MENACE TO OCEAN NAVI
GATION.
We are agents" ¦< f or • Wirisor .f &V ! Newton,
makers of ; the ' best ;' artists 1^ materials , in
the world. %>' Pyrography machines ' for
burning -> wood ; and ? leather. -.; Artists'-' and
architects' supplies of r every 'description.
Sanborn, .Vail ;& Co., 741 Market st. /. •
Artists' ; Materials.
Mrs. "Whetstone.'residing at Bll'Ivy7ave
nue,' ' was , taken <. to the"; Emergency ; Hos^
pital - yesterday • and i given"- nourishment.
The woman-had not;tasted food for three
days and -was dangerously .ill.- Neighbors
learned of i her • condition ¦ and » notified , Po
liceman J.'. J. Dow, who called ; the ambu
lance ¦ and" had 1 her. removed to the . hos
pital. 'Dr.; Miller attended her. "
Without Food; for, Three Days.
¦ The , Santa Fe'i Company. 1 has issued no
tices that"' it will sell during V March . . and
April colonists'. ; " tickets from Chicago : to
points In California for $33 and from Kan
sas City ' for; $25. • Tickets » from.'; Interme
diate points -, will '; be ' sold ; at : proportionate
rates.' >The company r has 'appropriated' a
large sum for • advertising these rates in
the Eastern' field; and < a' large increase In
west-bound s travel is anticipated in conse
quence. • . .-' '
- This liberal ; policy ' on the part of . the
company, is sure to result . beneficially for
the State. .":¦., ¦ : "?.-•; ...¦".
Reduced Kates.
Ferdinand Markt.a kettleman employed
at the . National Brewery, corner * Fulton
and'.Webster streets, is lying in^''danger
ous, condition 'at .the General Emergency
Hospital. '¦ He sustained \ a fracture of the*
skull, and 'the chances for his recovery are
slight. Lieutenant - Birdsall* investigated
his case yesterday and learned. that Markt
was working on top : of -an Immense, vat.
The supposition > of his fellow, workmen is
that Markt fell from his high place. The
injured man has a wife and five children.
He, lives at 933 Buchanan street.
Hurt ' in a Brewery.
Tee Tann, a Chinese laundryman. waa
arrested Wednesday night by Officer Mc-
Currie of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals for driving a dia :
abled horse. Judge Conlan fined him te
yesterday, and Yee Yann then said he
would kill the animal. In the afternoon
he was again arrested for abusing th*
same horse, and will appear for sentence
to-morrow.
Arrested Twice for Cruelty.
.The .aged < Chinaman/ who. was substl
tiited'a few days ago by 'Expresman John
Duffy ¦for"" Mah Foo.'a' coolie ' In transit,
who had been denied a landing, was for
mally, arraigned yesterday on% charge of
aiding and abetting in the illegal landing
of Mah Foo. . The prisoner! pretends to be
the Mah Foo, but he is about 60 years o&
age, while Mah Foo is only 35, and he doe^
not correspond with the photograph of
the r genuine' Mah Foo. ¦
? . False Mah Foo Afreated.
Letters of regret -were\ received from
Frank S. Johnson, G. Freeman and I>. H.
porter, who were unable to be present. ,
mC. W. Grlffln. A. G. Griffin, Oscar Hoffman.
E. E Kahn, Ralph Hersey, Jamea Madison.
M. Lemcke, I. Fleishman, Alden. Anderson.
Edgar P. Stone, Roy Pike, C. A. Black, Charles
G - Bonner, Albert E. Castle. D. J. Guggen
heim, Arthur H. Castle, A. B. Paul Jr., Henry
Cahen P. G. Baker, C. C. Kinsey, Henry
Schacht, C. A. Paulden, Alex Goldensteln. A.
W Porter. J. K. Ulrichs. E. Hoffman, Fred
Greenlee and Abe Rosenberg-
¦ Fred _Greenlee and Abe Rosenberg two
well-known merchants engaged In the*
dried fruit business of this city, were ban
ueted last evening: in a downtown
rotisserie by their fellow merchants. The
banquet was In the nature of a farewell.
as the honored guests' are soon to become
benedicts. More than thirty were seated
at the banquet board. The tables weru
prettily decorated with flowers and smi
lax, and red candelabra and Incandescent
lights cast a bright glow over the happy
scene. An orchestra discoursed popular
music during the evening. Speeches of a
humorous character were delivered and
toasts of various kinds were drunk by the
guests. Among those seated at the festal
board were:
Honored Jby -Fellow Dried
Fruit Merchants.
Fred Greenlee and Abe Rosenberg
BANQUET ERE THEY ENTER
THE MARRIED STATE
. At art early hour "Wednesday morning
he entered the residence- of Mrs. Edward
Praet, 1710 Bush .street, and secured booty
valued at $600. ' He enteredthe apartment
occupied, by.;Mra. ' Vincent' Woodbery, a
daughter, of Mrs. Praet, ; and' r Mrs. Julia
Sturripf, a friend, who was staying in the
house. He- awakened the ladles and near
ly sent. them into hysterics'. by flourishing
rhls revolver Before their eyes.- He threat
ened them with death if they made an
outcry- and coolly ordered; them to tell
him where they kept their jewelry. Hav
ing secured in sight he bade
the f lightened . ladies, good-night' and de
parted. 1 -.'. -.•„-,..' .; : - j, -r •'¦.¦•-
. Mrs. K WoodD'eTy ¦.. was * unable to ' give the
police a • description . of •jtheictaring fellow
as he was masked. r ¦:.'.. * .'
Enters Apartments of Western Addi
- tion Besidents and Coolly Takes. ¦
f. -^.^ — ,.^ elr ;^ alu * lll £?- — --^^.-..,
The! pollce;Vfe'. 'diligently, searching for a
masked burglar who is operating in the
Western Addition frightening and robbing
people. He makes his rounds at an early
hour In the morning and. at the point of
a pistol compels his victims to give up
their valuables. A number of houses have
been robbed by the daring fellow and an
effort is being made to capture him. His
latest robbery was reported to the police
yesterday. -
MASKED BUBQLAE- jAGAIIT
' PLIES CRIMINAL TRADE
town : Br - bark Falklrk. for . Queenatown ; Br
¦hip Plnmore. for Queenstown; stmr Olympla.
£O Ar?l O v n cd k °FeD 20— Br ship Sprinjrbank. from
Se | ANT A BARBARA— Arrived . Feb 20— Stmr
Newburg. from Grays • Harbor : stmr San - Pe-
Feb'cl»-Btmr,Na
tional- City.-, for San; Francisco; ,stmr >oyo,
Feb 1^-Schr
Maweema. from San Pedro. Feb. 20— Schr
Lettltla, hence Feb 13; schr Alice, hence Feb
0; stmr Chehalls, hence Feb 17.
PORT TOWNSEND-^Arrlved Feb 18 — Schr
Phlllnplne, from San Pedro. _
Arrived Feb 10— Schr Nokomls, from San
Sailed Feb ' 207-Stmr Progreso.
for San Francisco.
Sailed Feb 20— Br nhip Penryn. Castle, for
Tacoma; bark Ferris 8 Thompson, for Blalne;
stmr ChamDlon. for Vancouver. •¦ '
EOREKA — Arrl\-«d- Feb. 20 — Stmr . Arctic.
'Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Eureka, for San Frai
clsco._-.. isl ,and'" PORTS.
- ,KIHEI— Arrived Jan 31 — Shlc Ludle, hence
: a MAkA\VEL.I— Sailed 3-^-Schr Sussle M
Plummer, for Port Townsend. > ."; ; .
:,.-.-\ ¦}¦ , ./FOREIGN PORT9.
- HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 20— Br stmr Gae
116. hence Jan 21. v ¦ ' ?... . ,
- > LONDON, Feb 10 — Nor ship * Anglla, from
Kewcaatle; Aus, July 6,' for Panama, has been
posted - r at Lloyd's as missing. *; ' • ;-*--'-•
- ¦/'. ANTWERP-T-Arrived ;/ Feb lS^Nor ;..} ship
Lancln.* hence; Oct 4. \ .' • • , ;¦¦" ¦ ¦' " • : .'*' -
- -COLON — Arrived Feb. 18 — Stmr Orizaba,
from. New York. v
'Sailed Feb IS — Stmr Finance, .for New York.
".'jSUEZ — Arrived Feb- 10— Br. stmr Glenshlel,
from Tacoma. ' *v ;' • ¦• ; :¦¦ ¦
'. -YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 18 — Stmr Vlc
,t6rla.».from Tacoma. -"..•¦> : .<- ¦ ;,' '-;¦
i>PENlCHE — Passed* Feb- l&t-Br. stmr Teen
kal -from Tacoma. Tor^Unlted-Klngrdom. . ' ¦-.
c. GUATEMALA— Sailed. •. Feb -19— Ger stmr
Herodot. from San Francisco,' for Hamburg.
-GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Feb .20— Ger stmr Her-"
! month Is,' from Hamburg and >¦ way Dorts, for
San ' Francisco. ". ." ¦-.''- i
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Feb 20— G«r
ship Alsterdamm. from Hambure.
Ready to sail Feb 16, Ger s>hip Christine, for
Portland ' Or. . Taking in ballast, Ger ship
Alice'and Ger shin 'Ostara.. _
VICTORIA— Sailed . Feb 20— Br bark Bank
burn, for Liverpool.
; ,....: OCEAN STEAMERS. ,
'.':' NEW.-TORK-v-SalIed,Feb 20*-Stmr I>a,Tou
ralne," for Havre. :¦.'¦¦'¦:, - '
' QUEENSTOWN — Sailed E>b 20 — Stmr West
ernland,' for Philadelphia: stmr Oceanic,' . for
¦ FA YAL— Arrived Feb 20 — Stmr Lahn, ¦ from
Genoa r Nanles and Gibraltar, for New York.
ALGIERS — Arrived Feb 20 — Stmr Celtic,
from 'New York, . via Madeira and Gibraltar,
for Malta, "etc. ¦ on cruise. . .,
• • ROTTERDAM — Sailed • Feb •. 20— Stmr Ams
terdam, for New -York. _¦-;..,_, . _ • I
HONGKONG — Arrived Feb 20 — Stmr Em
pres* of - Japan, 1 from .Vancouver and Victoria,
'via' Yokohama. Nagasaki and ShanghaL- •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,ivFRlD^^v9FEBRUARYr 21, 1902.
HULK OF THE SCHOONER LAURA PIKE
STILL IMPERILS COASTWISE VESSELS
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21.
United States Coast : and ,' Geodetic •_ Survey—
Times and . Heights - of i High . and • Low
• Waters - at Fort . Point. - entrance ; to • San
Francisco Bay. . .;¦ Published ¦ by • official au
thority of the Superintendent. ' ¦ . '
NOTE — The • high . and . low.; waters .occur at
the city front \ (Mission-street wharf) ; . about
twenty-five .minutes later., than at 'Fort JPoInt;
the height of • tide is the , same at both places.
5
Su:
Sin
Hn
'.rises'*;
gets ........
m sets :..". ••••
'.':'.'.'.';'.:':'.'.h:'&3't
.6 :53
.5:5-1
i. ¦ m.
21
22
Time ¦ Time ' • |
— _- Ft. Ft.
L W| |HW|
"iTll 2.3 10:31 5.7
5:00 2.0 11:22 .5.6
H "W " L W -"
0:25 5.4 5:60 1.7
1:00 5.5 6:30 1.61
1:35 5.3 7:30 1.6
1:35 5.3 7:30 1.5
2:11 5.2 8:19 .1.5
2:49 5.0 9:09 „ 1.4]
1-7-=- Ft. '
L W ". H W
4:5fi— 0.3 11:48
5:36 < 0.0 .....
H W L \V
12:10 . 5.4 6:16
12:56 5.1 6:55
1:46 | 4.7 7:34
1:46 4.7 7:34
2:40 4.4 8:12
I 3:41 4.0 S:53|
I Ft;
5.3
0.4
1.0
1.5
1.5
1.9
2.3
23
24
i5
26
26
27-|
Steamer.
Tom.
Due.
Eureka
Mandalay
City Puebla..
Peru .....
Despatch
G.C.Ltndauer
Coronado. . . ..
Progreso. . . _
State of Cal . .
Sequoia. .....
Phoenix.
Crescent City
S. Barbara. ..
Pomona. .... .
Bonita. ......
G. W. Elder. .
North Fork..
Czarina ..... .
Newburgr.- ¦ • ¦
Queen
Santa Ana...
Alliance.;...
Washtenaw..
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa. .
Curacao.../..
Coos Bay....
R. Dollar
Columbia....
San Jose .....
Umatilla.....
Coptic..." 1 ...."
Alameda. ....
Palena. ......
Humboldt ':.i..;'.. Feb. 21
Coquille River ..;."..«.; Feb. 21
Puget Sound . Ports . .... Feb. 21
China & Japan Feb. 22
San Pedro ............. vv Feb.", 22
Grays Harbor. .•..'.. ; :: . Feb. 23
Grays Harbor ,.:..-..;, Feb. 2-T
Seattle f. ; . Feb. 23
San Diego & Way Ports Feb.- 23
Grays Harbor ...:. Feb. 23
Mendoclno City . .' . . .... Feb;V23
Crescent City Feb.^ 21
Redondo - . .-.'. . . . « Feb. .21
Humboldt .......:.... i Feb. 24
Newport & Way Ports.. Feb. 24
Portland & Astoria.:.. Feb. 24
Humboldt Feb. 24
Seattle f*. . Tacoma ; '.". . ... Feb. 25
San Pedro .... ...... .-. Feb. 25
Puget Sound Ports...... Feb. 2«
Seattle & Tacoma Feb ' 26
Portland & Way- Ports. Feb. 2B
Tacoma .....;... ... . .-. . Feb. 20
Point Arena ........;.; Feb.27
San Diego & Wayj Ports Feb.- 27
Mexican Port* ...¦.,..*. Feb. 27.
San Pedro & Way .Ports Feb. 28
Seattle & Hadlock '. . . :. Mar. 1
Portland & Astoria .V.. Mar. T
Panama & Way Ports.". iMar. 1'
Puget Sound * Ports . .-. . | Mar. 1 ' a
China • & Japan . . . ; ;.".'. . Mar. ' 4
Honolulu^.. ¦.'.¦.;.'...•...•. Mar.' 4
Valparaiso '. & Way Pts; Mar. ; 5
Steamer.
Destination.
Sail*.
1 Pier.
I — —
• ..February 21.'.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports.;
Rival Wlllapa Harbor...
Rainier..;. 6eattle & N. What.
Australia.. Tahiti direct ......
Pomona: V5. HumboMtSfSEV? .:; : v\
• -.« >..• Fi'lirnary -2.
Lakme..... Astoria. & Portland. |
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .
Hyadee.... Honolulu & Kahului
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.
" February" 23. '
Eureka. .... Humboldt
Coronado. .'. Grays Harbor ....
Coo« Bay.. San Pedro & Way.
S. Rosa... S. Diego & Way Pts
. February 24.,
S. Barbara. GraysHarbor
Mandalay.. Coqullle River ....
February 25.
Newburr- - .' Grayu Harbor ; . . .
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.v
Nippon Mar China & Japan.. ;i
City Puebla Pusret Sound . Porti.
¦¦'¦', February
G.C.Llnd'er Grays Harbor/ .:. . -. ;
Sequoia: . .~. Grays Harbor 1 '. : V.
State Cal... San Dlegro 4,,W»y.,
Arcata. . . . . Coos B. & Pt.-. Orf'd
. .. ¦ February ' 27. ¦•
Alliance... Portland & r "Way.;,
Bonlta....*. Newport ArWayPts
North Fork. Humboldt --•,;¦;¦; :'..;".
Sonoma. . . . Sydney,: & Way.".:',
Luxor.*..... Hamburg. &-. Way..
Czarina Seattle \ & Tacpma. ;
G.' W..Eldei A«torlai& Portland
-V- .February SS.i-.
San Juan.. Panama & Way.;. 1 .
¦ ';•;:-¦"' • ¦• r March 1. .-v
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma-.'.'
•. ,•: - March 2.
Queen.... .. Puget.. Sound Ports.
Spokane.... San Diego & Way..
11 am
6 pm
fipm
2 pm
l:3»Cp
5 pm|
5 pm
2 pm
ii'amj
0 am
5 pm
8 am
9 am
6 pm
5 pm
iJ pml
10 ami
-Kpm
U.aml
'.' ¦-;•¦ I
Pier 9
Pier :-2
Pier I '2
Pier 7
Pleri©
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 20
Pier -4k
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier a
I Pier\ 2
tPIer'j2
IPMSS.
iPier,-9
5 pm
a. am
10 am
Pier.^-'
Pi«r r2
Pier 11
Pier 13
'0 am
0 am
10 ¦•ami
Pier —
Pier ilifi
Pier 2
Pier ¦ 7
6 pm
11- am
¦,-.:.¦¦. I
Pier's.
Pier 24
iff
|PMSS ?r
I • .¦¦¦-..
lOfam
Pler/;2
11 "anil
9 am
IPier. 0
IPlerill
•Steamer. I
I '.-- ¦ .v.: : 'i ToT ' [ ' < Sails;;
'or.
I Salli.
Dolphin......
Excelsior....-
DlriKO.......
Cottage City.
Skagway '&;Way Ports.lFeb; 22
Cooks' Inlet & Way Pts.lFeb. 23
Bkagway & Way Ports. ' Feb. 27
Skagway & "Way Ports. |Mar. 1
Su:
Sin
Hn
'.rises'*;
gets ........
m sets :..". ••••
'.':'.'.'.';'.:':'.'.h:'&3't
.6 :53
.5:5-1
i. ¦ m.
21
22
Time ¦ Time ' • |
— _- Ft. Ft.
L W| |HW|
"iTll 2.3 10:31 5.7
5:00 2.0 11:22 .5.6
H "W " L W -"
0:25 5.4 5:60 1.7
1:00 5.5 6:30 1.61
1:35 5.3 7:30 1.6
1:35 5.3 7:30 1.5
2:11 5.2 8:19 .1.5
2:49 5.0 9:09 „ 1.4]
1-7-=- Ft. '
L W ". H W
4:5fi— 0.3 11:48
5:36 < 0.0 .....
H W L \V
12:10 . 5.4 6:16
12:56 5.1 6:55
1:46 | 4.7 7:34
1:46 4.7 7:34
2:40 4.4 8:12
I 3:41 4.0 S:53|
I Ft;
5.3
0.4
1.0
1.5
1.5
1.9
2.3
23
24
i5
26
26
27-|
Steamer.
Destination.
Sail*.
1 Pier.
I — —
• ..February 21.'.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports.;
Rival Wlllapa Harbor...
Rainier..;. 6eattle & N. What.
Australia.. Tahiti direct ......
Pomona: V5. HumboMtSfSEV? .:; : v\
• -.« >..• Fi'lirnary -2.
Lakme..... Astoria. & Portland. |
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .
Hyadee.... Honolulu & Kahului
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.
" February" 23. '
Eureka. .... Humboldt
Coronado. .'. Grays Harbor ....
Coo« Bay.. San Pedro & Way.
S. Rosa... S. Diego & Way Pts
. February 24.,
S. Barbara. GraysHarbor
Mandalay.. Coqullle River ....
February 25.
Newburr- - .' Grayu Harbor ; . . .
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.v
Nippon Mar China & Japan.. ;i
City Puebla Pusret Sound . Porti.
¦¦'¦', February
G.C.Llnd'er Grays Harbor/ .:. . -. ;
Sequoia: . .~. Grays Harbor 1 '. : V.
State Cal... San Dlegro 4,,W»y.,
Arcata. . . . . Coos B. & Pt.-. Orf'd
. .. ¦ February ' 27. ¦•
Alliance... Portland & r "Way.;,
Bonlta....*. Newport ArWayPts
North Fork. Humboldt --•,;¦;¦; :'..;".
Sonoma. . . . Sydney,: & Way.".:',
Luxor.*..... Hamburg. &-. Way..
Czarina Seattle \ & Tacpma. ;
G.' W..Eldei A«torlai& Portland
-V- .February SS.i-.
San Juan.. Panama & Way.;. 1 .
¦ ';•;:-¦"' • ¦• r March 1. .-v
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma-.'.'
•. ,•: - March 2.
Queen.... .. Puget.. Sound Ports.
Spokane.... San Diego & Way..
11 am
6 pm
fipm
2 pm
l:3»Cp
5 pm|
5 pm
2 pm
ii'amj
0 am
5 pm
8 am
9 am
6 pm
5 pm
iJ pml
10 ami
-Kpm
U.aml
'.' ¦-;•¦ I
Pier 9
Pier :-2
Pier I '2
Pier 7
Pleri©
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 20
Pier -4k
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier a
I Pier\ 2
tPIer'j2
IPMSS.
iPier,-9
5 pm
a. am
10 am
Pier.^-'
Pi«r r2
Pier 11
Pier 13
'0 am
0 am
10 ¦•ami
Pier —
Pier ilifi
Pier 2
Pier ¦ 7
6 pm
11- am
¦,-.:.¦¦. I
Pier's.
Pier 24
iff
|PMSS ?r
I • .¦¦¦-..
lOfam
Pler/;2
11 "anil
9 am
IPier. 0
IPlerill
•Steamer. I
I '.-- ¦ .v.: : 'i ToT ' [ ' < Sails;;
'or.
I Salli.
Dolphin......
Excelsior....-
DlriKO.......
Cottage City.
Skagway '&;Way Ports.lFeb; 22
Cooks' Inlet & Way Pts.lFeb. 23
Bkagway & Way Ports. ' Feb. 27
Skagway & "Way Ports. |Mar. 1
Steamer.
Tom.
Due.
Eureka
Mandalay
City Puebla..
Peru .....
Despatch
G.C.Ltndauer
Coronado. . . ..
Progreso. . . _
State of Cal . .
Sequoia. .....
Phoenix.
Crescent City
S. Barbara. ..
Pomona. .... .
Bonita. ......
G. W. Elder. .
North Fork..
Czarina ..... .
Newburgr.- ¦ • ¦
Queen
Santa Ana...
Alliance.;...
Washtenaw..
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa. .
Curacao.../..
Coos Bay....
R. Dollar
Columbia....
San Jose .....
Umatilla.....
Coptic..." 1 ...."
Alameda. ....
Palena. ......
Humboldt ':.i..;'.. Feb. 21
Coquille River ..;."..«.; Feb. 21
Puget Sound . Ports . .... Feb. 21
China & Japan Feb. 22
San Pedro ............. vv Feb.", 22
Grays Harbor. .•..'.. ; :: . Feb. 23
Grays Harbor ,.:..-..;, Feb. 2-T
Seattle f. ; . Feb. 23
San Diego & Way Ports Feb.- 23
Grays Harbor ...:. Feb. 23
Mendoclno City . .' . . .... Feb;V23
Crescent City Feb.^ 21
Redondo - . .-.'. . . . « Feb. .21
Humboldt .......:.... i Feb. 24
Newport & Way Ports.. Feb. 24
Portland & Astoria.:.. Feb. 24
Humboldt Feb. 24
Seattle f*. . Tacoma ; '.". . ... Feb. 25
San Pedro .... ...... .-. Feb. 25
Puget Sound Ports...... Feb. 2«
Seattle & Tacoma Feb ' 26
Portland & Way- Ports. Feb. 2B
Tacoma .....;... ... . .-. . Feb. 20
Point Arena ........;.; Feb.27
San Diego & Wayj Ports Feb.- 27
Mexican Port* ...¦.,..*. Feb. 27.
San Pedro & Way .Ports Feb. 28
Seattle & Hadlock '. . . :. Mar. 1
Portland & Astoria .V.. Mar. T
Panama & Way Ports.". iMar. 1'
Puget Sound * Ports . .-. . | Mar. 1 ' a
China • & Japan . . . ; ;.".'. . Mar. ' 4
Honolulu^.. ¦.'.¦.;.'...•...•. Mar.' 4
Valparaiso '. & Way Pts; Mar. ; 5
y .THE^OBMPOBinrM. |; : THE EMPOBIUM. | THE . EMPOBIUHL
j5 // * - Closed Washington' s c Birihday--all Day . \
% :¦¦¦':'¦ , ;; One dollar often does the work ; of two' in this' store. Only a- few of to-day's bargains ¦;
* get newspaper space. ' %
| .-¦-' . • . ~^ ¦ rHiW: ¦ S
* 50c Ribbons, 29c. Glothiha Sale A Towel Sale *
jf'rt: A Friday Bargain. .¦¦ • '¦' -'-j- - ' \-" For Friday. ' •*
V A 200 piece lot of the beautiful Satin MG—£i£8\f tSiSlWa We sha11 place on our "^ uble$ on FrIda > '*
V ,:..'¦ . rn ' • v ¦..-..•" ••JT • *^*» M «F ". two large lots of the tort of towels that give sat- *
V 'dc Ly on Ribbon— full ,15 inches F.V2 unmaichable Offers — mUSt faction. The prices are less than the common •*
wide-^for neck, bows, sashes, . hat be seen to be appreciated. If you^ cost. '. < %
I ribbons/ etc., in white,, cream, need new Clothing investigate, ff*^ |
j^ maize, pink, turquoise, /old rose, Men's $15.00 Suils for $1150 — Wor- per dozen, Friday's prjee, each. .. \%
' lieht blue reseda." "cardinal and 8teds > che ™?*, cassimeres and tweeds in the • • • • • • • • • • • - •. *f*G 9
A ' • ¦:. ° , . ¦ \ ' - ¦¦¦-¦• . new patterns (stripes, checks and plaids), blue Lot 2 — Fine Bleached Turkish Towels, snow Jj
jf' " Violet— a 50c value, speel- . and 'black cloths; workmanship is first-class and white, 48 inches long, instead of J 2. 75 a 3&
*l .IK, «.;«^ fl. B« j»;, ,,«.J 'S^Bf* alterations without charge to insure a perfect fit. dozen, Friday's price, each . . . .- — "*
I any priced for Friday, yard *VC Mcn . sJI5 .co Overcoats lor $10i0- ' - * 7 <*%
Ji 1 ' • • ' . . ~ ¦;¦ All lengths; unfinished worsteds, cheviots, coverts 5
Jf ', _ . '¦¦ J " "„ '"¦' cat and v'cunas; in tan, black and oxford grays; every ' \
BLVSnintj .¦ garment is fashionable and thoroughly reliable. SCrafClt P&g3Cr 2}4G* '*
J A Friday 'Saic-^f^ Boys' JiOO two-piece Suits ior $2.28 A Friday Sale. %
Vg Two pretty styles of Ladies'-.. Evening —Made m' either double-breatted style or the About . 1 coo' pads of best quality satin-wove "2
Jf Slippers; one' with a patent leather vamp yestee design from desirable woolen fabrics; all Memorandum Paper, for ink or pencil, about %
» with one strap and a bow; new style toes,- new spring patterns and co'onngs; stout suits 80 sheets to each pad, worth at least 5c each, .«
tf. hand-turned soles and Louis XV heels.* The that will give good wear. on special sale Friday, 2 for . . . . + J
•f other our Queen Slipper; made of the best . BojS* Long Pants Suits CVt to $4.93— • • . • • • • • • £>C %
T'.. quality,'.Vci;Kid;'-with, three: straps across All-wool blue cheviots and in a handsome assort- -;'¦¦• #
If the inttep; plain . toes; -hand-turned soles and ment o f otner f a b r ; c , ' m the new spring effects; 2
Jf Louis XV heel; are marked tf «S 9 eoats are made with the bread military shoulders; f* mT*r*t*e%v*ir W%S&W%4 V
ft for special sale Friday only, pair jpff .&Y tics for boys 12 ta 19 years of age. % f rUUK^ r y "**§**• «
I . i _____ v Boys'Elousc Waists, 50c valve for 23c % Sp %°!*!* !°* *?"?*' J %
I « '.^- ' ~ Made of fi8t c ° lor P ff " le »» « handsome dark Eerry or Fruit Bowl-The 8-inch ««e, _ J
* RaZOrS Smtl S^PS. deeWcollar^well-made «L "nda^ch^ 14* S
ft A TiiMau Cjln S^ c wajsts. , . • '• ' ., .
* fiaay Oifffl. ¦ Decorated Chjna Match Box--The kind to &
If The 'genuine Star , Safety Razar, complete and ! ' " *; . hang up, both useful and ornamen&l, good
K ready for use; put up in a neat enameled tin VirOGGS*^ ¦ x££irtHS3lii2& 20c value, special on Fridey, each. . - f% «
If. - r box; regular price. $1.75; every ratorguar- ' . FOfFridaVm • 9C X
g : anteed; on special sale Friday f ' £a8tern „ J wam 11ow . _______ *
$ : .^.._. ... r . . y . . WM.I** . Io lb:sacks on Friday. ... ._.2e O \. ::,>.: .^ mjt |
K ¦¦ 200 Razor St-op$ at Half Price — Single Fancy , Ranch Eggs— - _ Framed PlCWUreSm 'J
_i - canvas arid single leather swing strops, box Selected stock; on Friday, L dozen nriB C . . - . . c . .-^
,$ and cushion;.. strops, ! that retail regularly Choice Mackerel— Good s : ze, fat fish; on Fri- ** triaay da/6. ¦. -. .-. "#
.«f : at 15c each; on special sale Friday #^- .-'day, 3 fish ...... ...... . 25O A Une ef beautiful Carbon Photos, 9 choice .«
only. ...... . . ... MdBG Kippered Herrintf - Best imported; on Friday, wtjeeti, each picture carefully framed in .J
* -J . ; • a tins . . . . .... 1 . 45c l-bch ornamental o.'d Dutch oak, full size v
J ¦'¦ '::•"—^ ~ ~ ~ Fancy Japan Rice— Whole grains; on' Friday, of pirtnre 10x13 inches, pictures for which
l?-^^:, _ " : mnm ** ¦- ' c 11,; . ¦ . . , 9tir» exclusive art stores would get double the price H
5 18-inch All - Overs. , 5lb '- • • • • • • • 25o we ask> choice for Fr5d « y only> ?
% A Friday Salo. __ ~_ _. ~ « ch • • • • • • - - • • •• Z^ c x
$ A large assortment of. 65^ 75 c and |i'.oo per .... Children , S HOS6. \ '¦ ; ] J
JK" '¦.'.. yard grades of imitation Cluny and imitation A Friday Sal Cm g^ m _, O *7
«* . ¦ Duchess? All-Over; 1 8 inches wide; for A. special lot of ' 98 dozen Children's Ribbed GOOtt BrOOffli ZYCm
_?:. waists and front pieces; in Arabian, butter Seamless Cotton Hcse; guaranteed absolutely A high-grade House Broom, made of selected 3*
Jf .and white shades; all new. and pretty de- sU i n ; e3 s f ast black; double knees, extra long dean corn, hand sewed, union white <*
* -signs; is marked at the very special _»4j spliced heels; all sizrs from 6 to 10; worth label on ¦ every one, light, strong 35c broom, «
£: price for Friday only, yard. . . . *JC at least one : third more than Friday's - tf _ special Friday only, each .". . . _._ jg
* : " . : ¦ ' ' .- ¦ . ' special price, per pair .. .... MOG a/C &
* ¦¦' '. ' ','' T 7 "" ~~~ ~~~. ' :-"..- ¦'• -¦¦ ¦'¦ ' ' ¦ . ¦¦' '' - ' '• ¦ ¦-¦'' ;" L - '.' : - ' ' ¦ ' .5
I Liquor Bargains ~~~~~~~^""""7^-—-" — — — . — " J
til ' . ¦ ' For Fridaym ; ; ;.i . •¦'„'•' '-_¦¦,,„ _^T ' x
i> ExtrH G'arCt — A fine quality dinner *" - &/^ T *> **
wine; well aged; ofFered at special ."__ \^JFM^r ¦•* _^^_i 7~ i'^- 'C- "5
NaglGG Brandv — Guaranteed 1 8 fTTurf^^^^''^^ ¦•*»"— . -
J years old at time of .bottling; , the red label, *3B^^^P»^ BWB^XmER|CA'S"GRANDEST^ST0RE < 5
_» regularly Ji. 50; on Friday, bottle ..flff.fH . >IW' ' ¦ ¦¦ «
! Ean Francisco, Friday. 21 February, 1902. I
The Spring Floor I
Coverings Arc j
j Beginning To Bloom. !
If you're anywhere near this store to-day drop i
: in, take the elevator to the second floor and- watch I
the busy Carpet people unpacking, unfolding and I
[placing on display the new Spring patterns. It's an ' |
interesting •sight — especially so if you are thinking B
!of buying a Carpet or a Rug soon. f
Already some exquisite effects in high grade . 1
Axminsters and body Brussels from the renowned I
Eigelow Mills have been opened. Exclusive pat- -^ 11
terns these, and alone worth coming to see if there 1 1
j were nothing else on the floor. ||
iWhat will probably take your eye .to-day, 1
though, are the Oriental Rugs. Bale upon bale of I
these priceless gems are being dumped on the Car- 1
pet floor now, and you are bound to catch the con- 1
tagious enthusiasm of "our salespeople as each |
magnificent piece is thrown before you. J
Don't forget that little flurry in Parlor Furni- * I
ture. Only about fifty pieces left, but every one a 1
bargain. Fourth floor, rear. I
I This store will remain closed all day to-mor- 1
row, Saturday, the anniversary of the birth of |
George Washington." ; I
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) 1
?57 to 977 MarKet Street, Opp. Golden Gate. Avenue.; J
Our $1.95 hat serves as" a particular function in
our store. It is just what the man. wants who prefers a
very good hat for business, and it* is likewise in favor =
with -the man who wants a good hat for dress at an in- \
expensive price. ]
. The shapes are Derbys, Fedoras, Graecos, Pah- -
Americans, Pantourists'and Dunla'p Crushers; the col-
ors black, brqwn, steel, pearl, blue. pearl and oxford.
As we sell hats at clothiers' 'profits and not -hat-
ters', the price of these is, instead of $2.50, only
¦ : $1 95
If you ,are interested you can see the hats in our j
'window, near the. Market-street entrance. _ jj Burnett's ..Vanilla Extract Is the ; fixed ', stand-
ard of excellence.; Has outlived 'criticism.'? Is the
finest, purest vanilla extract that can be bousht
ff^HwmBWlBfftmWtBBIIIIIWIIWIIiiiiliiiiwiiiiiHiiiiliiiiiii . •"¦
Lord Sholto; Douglas has bought a saloon in
Sppkane. V It is /to ; be, hoped that ¦ he ' will ' find , the Se
clusion : he seeks and ; give the public a rest which it x
n/eedi'.-.-. - ' '.; ¦.¦.;¦ ¦ . '-V .'.v*f<
;; Instead of .waiting] for : his; ship to come
In a'man should 7 charter a tug and go out
to meet it.
Special i information ; supplied "dally -to "
business v houses 'and public - men : by i the'
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. s * Telephone Main 1042. •
California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in ' fire-etched i boxes , or Jap.'-: baa-*
Kets. nice present i for Eastern friends
639 Market st., Palace. Hotel building. ; • "
Cal. c glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ex/strbng hoarhound candy.' Townsend's.*
:, The bulldog : cannot : be ; returned to \ Ma
nila: on ;the \ transport because 'dogs are*
contraband and : the blooded • canine must
be returned" on some i other kind of a ves
sel ¦ at ' Dr. - Roberts' -, expense ¦ or killed by
.the customs officials. . ¦"•¦¦ . .-
.: Among the' passengers \ that arrived . on
the Government transport Mead© several
days agro were Army Surgeon Roberts and
wife. 2 There came ' also a British bulldog
of blooded but as dogs are for
bidden on board of .transports; he must bo
regarded ; . as \ a" stowaway; . Mrs. ; Roberts
claimed him as her property, but the,Cus
toms } Surveyor's *¦ Department p refused : to
:allow. the, dog. to be* landed { because of a
regulation of . the ; Department of Agricul
ture.forbidding.the importation of domes-,
tic and ' certain , wild ; animals ; fronn the
Philippines. Dr. ;, Baker , of ; the } Horticul
tural , Department was called ' in . for, con-;
sultation: He failed ' to find .-, any codlin
moths on: the dog, but he : was not , quite
so sure .. about the ; codlin flea. He.com
municated with his superior' officer, .Pro
fessor ; Simmons, in .Washington," and ; the
professor replied . yesterday Uhat -the dog
could not be landed under any considera
tion. '"' ''^S^SS09fS8m^SfiSK&S^
Stowaway Dog: on Meade.
;-• During the times when , Senatorial deadlocks and
Senatorial election scandals were. prevalent in the
country it \vas said with, some show? of reason that .
tlie popular-demand for election 'of Senators by "di
rect vote of the people vvas due to the natural irrita
tion caused by such; scandals and did not represent;
the sober and matured judgment of the -people. No*
such explanation of the sentiment in favor of the •
amendment at this time can be made. There is ' no ;
Senatorial scandal now before the country, and yet :
SINCE the House of Representatives has for ..the'
fourth time adopted a resolution in favor, of
..i; a ; constitutional amendment providing for the
election of United States Senators by direct vote of
the people, it seems reasonable to assume it intends'
to stay with the fight until Senatorial opposition falls
and victory is won. The Senate of course has a
seemingly impregnable position/ There can be no
constitutional amendment without its consent, \xn- ¦
i less, indeed, the. Pennsylvania plan of calling for a
constitutional convention by the States should*! b'eVcar-i
ried. That, however, is so'. improbable that virtually;
the Senate can prevent reform so long as it has the
firmness to stand fast. The only ..question /is how"
long it can remain firm in face of -: the 'increasing,
strength of the -demand for the; amendment ' ¦
With each successive adoption of ihe resolution of
amendment the emphasis .o'fithejactipri of the House,"
has been increased.' At first* there was" much opposi-
tion to the measure, -but this time it; was adopted by.
a unanimous vote. /Perhaps some \ of .those " ' who
voted for it did so because they felt! sure it would be
defeated in the Senate, but none the less the vote at
tested'.the 'growing sentiment: amotig the people in
favor.of the change; and it may be^ that such 'senti- 1 '
ment will eventually -be. strong enough to move the
Senators themselves to yield. . . , ; /
ELECTION OP SENATORS.
the -University
v^W- Chronicle;] published vby! the University -of
'. .; > ; ¦.California; 'tHe' advocates j of reforming our;
service -are-furnished- 'with one of the best
presentations i that-- has ; yet been'/ made of .-- the * argu
ment on their ; side :of. | the' issue. The entire number
is ; given up to a serjesf of papers on the general sub
; ject-6f consular \ /work; and ' studies '. on
."American Consular .'Service, 1 ': "Origin; , History and
Nature -off' Consular; .'Establishments," '''History^ of
the. United> States ' Consular; Service/'- '"The Duties;
Functions,- Rights .andiPriyileges ;of /Consuls," and
''The -Consular. Systems ,6f the World.'' ', The ' papers '
it will be seen,. coyer well "nighVeyeiy, important phase'
of the subject, and when taken;'as:a \whole constitute'
an ; impressive lesson", on/the ./need; of .reforming our
consular service ¦ and : ridding. -it ' of "its '; defects.
• - : After, reviewing the consular systems of the great
commercial nations; of .Europe and 'contrasting the
methods employed' in selecting consular '. agents -by
those governments .' withVour ¦' the \ review
says: "It only requiresja glance at theVonsular sys
tems of :the;world to see that the" organization and
equipment of the foreign service of the United States )
is' altogetheri; antiquated: and '¦': It is plain
that ours is the- only great commercial/nation- in the
world to-day .where appointments to this r branch^ of .
the ¦' civil are. made without special regard/for
personal fitness and^wHere ' candidates Care "eligible; for
appbintment- without degree [from -some .accredited
university or ¦ scho'oj ;'of -diplomacy;; or- without "special
training of .some'' sort;'. ? ,The ; United ; States is "the ,
only great; civilized natiori^where /appointments ;'to
the/ diplomatic^ and^onsular .•^service'; depend upon
political; Muence ;and r vwhere;th'e ; tenure -'of office" is
not permanent nor,' during, good behavior."- '
u : ; There;is of course; nothing; new; in .these/criticisms. ;
Their \ Value '¦ .in , this /is 'due ' to * the . cogency with:
which' they, are presented and •the.strength of 'the ¦ ar-}
gument ., which^/sustains .1 themg pf > such" criticism we
commerce
is dependent > in; a^Jarge .measure /upon ;th'e Consuls
who; represent us abroad, -and/ since! California ; has .-so -
large _-.ja^. stake; in that'- expansion' it ¦' is" gratifying" to'
find; our •. St^K University^; taking an active part* in
urging; such Reforms; as /will' "make the service * more ;
useful and mo're:creditable''n6t only to our commerce
but, to our national prestige.
OUR -"SERVICE.
The news of the death of Lieutenant
Colonel Benjamin F. Pope, chief surgeon,
of - the Department of , the Philippines, 'at
Manila on February. 14, . was confirmed by
private advices received by members of
his" family in' this city yesterday. • ;
The deceased was a ¦ noted army sur
geon. ; He was a native of Rome, N.Y.,
where he was born 59 years ago. -He en
tered/ the army as a surgeon ! from" his'
native State - in 1864 and served through-'
out the Petersburg"' campaign. After
peace he • served for many years in '- New
Mexico, Arizona and Texas, being finally^
transferred to Angel Island, where he re
mained," till the Spanish-American war,
when he went* to Santiago as chief sur
geon of the Fifth Army Corps. In May,
1901, he was ordered to the' Philippines as
chief surgeon of the islands department.
Advices received via. the last steamer
were to the effect that he . was In excel
lent health, and the sudden announcement
of his death from y Bright 1 s disease has
greatly shocked the members of his fam
ily who! reside. in this. city. \.
It Is thought the remains will be brought
to this port on board the Sheridan,' which
left 1 Manila on the 16th • Inst. -The' body
,will be accompanied by~ Mrs. Pope and
two children. The deceased : leaves ; be
"sides the widow six sons, and one daugh
ter. : ¦: ,•; .. ¦¦ ¦'¦•!¦-".
COLONEL POPE'S DEATH
•n it ISS LOTTIE L. BESHORMAN
/\ l\ ' became the bride of J. Ralph
/ Y 1 Plevin yesterday afternoon. The
. '¦*¦' wedding was very simple, only
the relatives of both families being.pres
ent. The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. William Rader at the Third Congre
gational Church on Fifteenth street, near
Valencia. The maid of honor was Miss
Jessie Batemani Harry Beshorman,
brother of ttie bride, acted as best man.
The bride was given into the keeping of
the groom by. her father, Adolph Beshor
man. . - {.}'¦¦- i\
The* bride was attired in an elegant
tailor-made suit of navy. blue. cloth, with
a waist of palest blue silk. She carried a
bouauet of La-France roses and wore the
wedding gift of the groom.. a sunburst of
diamonds. ,A black picture hat with
ostrich fea-thers completed the costume.
Miss Bateman wore a handsome gown of
black" and white. Mrs. Beshorman, the
bride's mother, wore a rich gown of- black
peau "_. : de % sole ¦ . with garniture of cream
Chantilly : lace. : . •'•" ;. ; ;
Mr. and Mrs. Plevin went directly Irom
the church to the train and will have a
two weeks' trip through the aouth. Upon
their return they will occupy their new
home at 428 Hermann street. The apart
ments have been handsomely furnished by
the groom for his bride and" tHe many
! wedding presents | received will also add
much to the beauty of the place.
The bride is the only daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Adolph Beshorman and has been
liberally educated. She is a talented
musician and brilliant performer upon the
There be. men who wished the Democratic party
better than Mr. Lehman makes it. The theory and
verbiage of his report do not differ very widely from
the shibboleth of anarchy and are very close indeed
to Emma Goldman's, method. The" country will take
it sadly that one of the great parties is misted. so
basely, but as long as it takes its leadership/philos
ophy and thought exclusively from a section of the
country where partisan opposition is not permitted,
but is punished as a public offense, it must suffer the
communication, and with anarchists outside cele
brating the assassin as a hero and inflating' his bloody
fancies to invest him with. the heroic quality which
those wretches ascribe to themselves.' \ "*">
No one has set up the impeccability of Presidents,
no one has assumed them to be perfect and without
frailty. For a President sinless and virgin as Mel
chizedek we must wait until we get one from Texas.
At present no one' is discussing that. - The country
wants a Federal statute of murder which will punish
the assassin of a President anywhere in the Union.
If the President be assassinated. in Michigan, Colo
rado or other State where there is no death penalty,
the Federal courts under such a statute will take
jurisdiction of the murderer and rid the earth of
him. To this it is answered that there is no death
penalty in Italy and the assassin of Humbert,' the
King, was condemned to imprisonment for. life,. as. if
he had slain Humbert the peasant. That is true, but
there is a difference between the Italian prisons and
an American . penitentiary. The slayer of Humbert
survived the rigors of his punishment less than six
months and succumbed. In Belgium there is no
death penalty. Murderers go to the galleys for life,
and five years is the extreme of their endurance.
They perish under the punishment How widely
different this from life in an American prison, with
all its opportunities for escape, with its freedom of
The various bills to effect that demand are before
the Judiciary Committee of the House, and its mi
nority has reported through Mr. Lehman of Texas.
In this report the Texan says: "I deny the proposi
tion that one honest and law-abiding man's life is
any more sacred than that of another. Any officer
of our Government is but the servant -of the people,
and 'the servant cannot be greater than his lord.'
The holding or possession of office does not of itself
render any man impeccable or immune from human
frailties and imperfections. Public men among us
can do wrong. There is no such thing as royalty or
titled nobility or hereditary prerogative in the United
States. With us there are no artificial distinctions,
and one good man is as good as another, and as
much sanctity surrounds the life of one as it does
that of another. The murder of the humblest citizen
in our land is just as heinous, just as felonious,
that of the greatest or most distinguished. Murdt?
is murder, upon whomsoever inflicted, and a human
life is a human life by whomsoever enjoyed. The
life of the highest officer in the country or of any
Embassador v of a foreign Government is no more
precious in the sight of God and republican man than
is that of the humblest and most insignificant .resi
dent of. our great republic."
There is therefore something sinister and unpleas
ant in the position taken by the minority in Con
gress. It has made a party question out of a matter
which concerns all the people, and is against legisla
tion which all demanded five months ago. '¦• ."'
The President was murdered not because he was
William McKinley, a citizen of Ohio, but because
he was President of the United States. In the dis
torted view of anarchy he became qualified for as
sassination by being President of the republic. Mur
der must, therefore, be counted among the risks of
the first office in the land. As a simple citizen he has
all the safeguards of, and no more, and incurs all the
vital risks and no more than any other citizen. Ele
vated to the Presidency he enters the atmosphere of
a peculiar peril, to which no other is subjected and
which no other need dread. To murder him is there
fore a peculiar, special and heinous offense against
the United States. He is a victim because he repre
sents Federal sovereignty. These things impressed
the national mind when the crime was fresh and par
ties did not divide upon them. The Democrat was
as insistent for a law in line with these principles as
FOLLOWING the assassination of President
McKinley there was a general demand for
Federal legislation to punish and suppress an
archy in this country. In several of our States capi
tal punishment is life imprisonment; no higher pen
alty can be inflicted. If a President is murdered in
such a commonwealth his assassin can suffer only
life imprisonment, a punishment recognized by the
public sense as inadequate.
i MINORITY ON ANARCHY.
Among the economic books of the day which are
engaging most attention in the kingdom; : is one
written by Mr. Byng/ a leading ; manufacturer, under
the title '-'Protection.". Among other things he says:
"My case is that of every producer in this country.
My capital and\business are imperiled, the' living of
thousands' of workmen I now employ is at. stake, and
if the safeguards' for; which I plead are denied me I
shall be compelled to? cease to be a producer. I ven
ture to prophesy that about, 1912 therejwill be no his
tory of English i'-free- --trade .to .record. - -There*"' will
eitherber.o trade ' onther e .will ' be protection."
: The argument : of Mr}. Byng" is, that a manufacturer
in a protected^ country can -manufacture more cheaply
than onein aifreeitrade country, 'and in, proof of it
he xites- the* fact that the producers of the United
States, . Germany and France are now .underselling
British products in Great Britain itself." ;VHe points
outtaat ;the*British Governmejnt^the army,' the navy,
municipal authorities and "hospitals are compelled to
purchase foreign, goods because they ¦ are ,' cheaper,
and he^ ; asks:7 ''lA : 'British producers . cannot ¦•compete ¦
with protected \ goods' : in our own . country, how can
they; hope' t6; compete-ugainst them in colonial and
neutral i_inarkets?" - - :' •
-It will; be ;se'en>that these pleasare for an imposi
tion of -only \ on' foreign manufactured goods.:
Such; duties \ would help the /.British manufacturer,
but would not; benefit the farmer and : the land
owner. : We .may; be si\re, however^ ! that the adoption
of -the protective ; system for fonV 'class of industries
would be- followed by protecting: other classes.
Great Britain,. in> fact, seems to" be approaching an
abandonment of ¦. the free : trade principle. It is a
condition; .Vnd i not .a';" theory "that '¦ confronts her and
'she-must face it fairly/;?^.;.-/ 'f":';:;.; V'
It has been assumed all along ttiat -the; working
men pi -the kingdom would be resolutely opposed to
duties^ on? im'ports:>^ It appears,, however, .. they are
coming round to the/protection. side as-well as the
manufacturers: '.Thus] the . London Mail, -which has
an enormous circulation' among working classes,
,said recentlyiv^How^tHat deficit is to be "converted
into a surplus is aVprobleni for the Chancellor of the
Exchequer. If r^ cast's ; his eye over tut imports .of
foreign manufactured goods in the British trade rev
turns he may .find jnspiration. Their value in 1901
was £93,000,000 sterling. "A tax of 10 'per cent ad
valorem would very- nearly fill the gap, while it is
safe to say it, would no more be felt than L the j sugar
tax has been^ We ; shall be forced to resort to new
methods in finance in a situation which is confessedly
exceptional." •
PROTE OTIO N v IN • BRITAIN.
F. ,C. iCHAPPELL',r ; London correspondent of
The' Protectionist, contributes to that maga
• zine - a number of quotations from
British papers" "and; books- showing the." growth "of
protection -sentiment among the- people. : Free, trade
isino longer -looked 'upon as a sacred dogma which
no .one .dare, assail. -;:The ; conditions^ British^^ indus
try and commerce compel a serious reconsideration
of the old problem, and out of the new- study there
is coming ;a widening conviction that not; drily Brit
ish agriculture. but^British, manufactures require pro
tection from, foreign competition;^ .
The situation confronting .the British '-.'people is
this : They ha\e a costly war on' their hands, a de
clining trade and .a fiscal system which'Sir; Robert
Giffen,.the most eminent statistician in the kingdom,
estimates I wilL result ;nv a deficit of •¦; $50,000,000 this
year. An-iincirease of revenue is imperative. Direct
taxation is about as heavy as the people^are willing
to bear. The income tax,- for example, now amounts
to as much as 30 .cents on every $5 Tof. income, and
other, taxes' 1 are in '¦> proportion. -The question how
the additional revenue can be obtained is 'a .perplex
ing one, and naturally the, thoughts of the people are
turning to taxes on -imports.
If remains to~be ''seen, whether -the court j will find :
existing statutes, or prior judicial decisions, sufficient
to invalidate the New Jersey incorporation, but it is
highly, probable that resort to the principles' of the
interstate commerce act will be found sufficient for
that purpose.
In the present aspect of the case it would appear
that the able attorneys of the Northern .Securities
Company overlooked the powers of the 'Federal
Government that may be invoked ini the. premises." "
I The President has, with his usual decision, gone at
the vitals of the question. Though the contemplated
action is bfought'under the Sherman «anti-trust^law
of 1890, the consideration of a bill \ in . equity may
raise the whole issue of Federal power.- :; :
It will be seen that it also lights the path of liti-:
gation in this merger case. If the subject be capable
of uniform regulation, as it is obviously national in
its character, being interstate, the law of New Jersey,'
under which the Northern Securities Company is
incorporated,, cannot say "thou shalt," nor "can the
law of Minnesota say "thou shalt not," for 'the law'
of neithercan be the supreme law" of the land, and.
the power to be invoked in the premises is exclusive
of both and national in its character. The defense., of;
New Jersey against Minnesota is obviously valid..
Minnesota cannot go outside her jurisdiction to nul-.
lify a law of New Jersey. If the court follow the
doctrine, of Justice^ Field's decision Minnesota will
lose her case, but the right of New Jersey, to. protect,
her corporate creature outside her own jurisdiction
will not be -affirmed. ¦ ¦'- jrs£- - : . - V :
In this opinion of Justice Field originated the
interstate commerce law, one of the/most useful, uni
form and necessary expansions of the law of cor
porations. ... -, . . , . : "¦ ; ' . ': -
. Justice. Field said: "The license tax exacted, by
the State of Missouri from dealers in goods that are
not the product or manufacture of the State before
they can be sold from place to place within the State
must be regarded as a tax upon the goods them
selves. The question presented is whether legisla
tion thus discriminating against the products of. other
States in the conditions of their sale by a certain
class of dealers is valid under the constitution of the
United States. Commerce is a term of the largest
.import; it comprehends intercourse for the purposes
of trade in all its forms, including the transportation,
purchase, sale and exchange of commodities between
the citizens of one country and the citizens and sub-,
jects of other countries and between the citizens of
different States. The power to regulate it embraces
all the instruments by which such' commerce may
be conducted. So far as, some of these instruments
are concerned, and some^ subjects which are local in
their operation, it has been heldthat the States may
provide regulations until Congress' acts in relation to
them. But where the, subject to .which that power
applies is national in its character, or of such a nature
as to admit of uniformity of regulation, the power
is exclusive of all State authority."
statute to be constitutional, and the case was taken
on a writ of error to the Supreme Court of the.
United States. '- ¦
The State of Minnesota brought an action against
the merger, which was argued last month in the Su
preme Court in Washington. There are grave legal
doubts "of the merit of Minnesota's contention. The;
action | was brought under the statutes of that State,
and the'Suprcme Court was asked to apply that. local
law to lines, outside the State and to an incorpora
tion' effected under the statutes of New Jersey. It
may be very reasonably held*; that this is a demand
that the law of a State be judicially declared the law
or the land, contravening the provision of the Fed
eral constitution that acts of Congress ,and_. treaties
made shall be the supreme law of the land.
. There cannot be two systems of supreme law, one
originating in the Federal Government and the other |
in the States. The merged lines are located in many
States. They are common carriers engaged in inter
state commerce, and obviously in relation thereto not
subject to any State law. The issue exhibits; in' an'
interesting way the growth of corporation law in this
country. When the right of the States to regulate,
each within its own jurisdiction, the freights and
fares of railroads was. affirmed it was seen that no
State had jurisdiction beyond its own borders, and
that no number of States in combination could regu
late rates on interstate commerce.. So local rates'
within aState were long subject to regulation before
a way was found to regulate interstate charges.
The way had been pointed out in a decision o'f the
United States Supreme Court, written by Justice
Field, 'several years before the interstate commerce
law was passed. .
- A statute of Missouri declared that all persons en
gaged in selling articles of commerce produced out
side that State should: be considered peddlers, and
proceeded to fix a stiff prohibitory license on ped-~
dlers. The Missouri Supreme Court declared this
IT is . a fortunate thing for; the country : that the
, PresTdent has ordered ' the Department of 'Justice
to proceed against the Northern Securities Com
pany to test the. legality of the merger of parallel and'
competing "roads in that combination.
ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG WOMAN
WHO BECAME A BRIDE YESTER
DAY.'^V--
i / ¦ ¦'"¦ 'V'~<vy •• ¦ '-
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— The House
spent the day working on the Indian ap
propriation bill. Forty-two of the sixty
two . pages were disposed of. Several
amendments were adopted, but none of
much Importance. The appropriation for
preliminary work on the reservoir for the
GHa River Valley went out on a point of
order. MEM
Smith, the Delegate from Arizona,
moved to strike out the appropriation for
the Carlisle Indian School. He declared
that experience showed those school dis
tant from the Indian reservations had
done more harm than good. The policy
was a mistaken one, In hi3 opinion. The
children were educated, made a show of
by well-disposed people, after which they
went back to the dirt and squalor In
which they had been brought up. He In
sisted that the Indian should be educated
In the environment in which he must live.
These Indian schools In the East were,
be said, the outgrowth of an Ignorant
sentlmentalism. Philosophy, mathematics
and geometry taught the Indians nothing.
They should be taught husbandry at
home. He. said the best education pos
sessed by one of the Indians on the San
Carlo reservation had been obtained by
serving four years in the penitentiary. He
had been taught discipline.
Cannon of Illinois joined with Smith in
opposing the Eastern schools. He declared
that it was the height of 'cruelty -to edu
cate the Indiana and then send them back
to savagery.
After some discussion the Smith amend
ment was lost.
Without action on the amendment tha
House, at 4:53 p. m., adjourned.
Bell of Colorado offered an amendment
to appropriate $54,000 for the Indian school
at Grand Junction, Colo. It was adopted.
Fitzgerald of New York created some
thing of a sensation by moving that no
part of the appropriation for the Indian
School at. Mount Pleasant, Mich., should
be used to pay the present superintend
ent, who. he said, had been charged with
permitting the debauchery of Indian girls.
Sherman declared that if the superin
tendent had been guilty of the practices
charged the civil service law would not
protect him, and that If - evidence were
produced to justify the charges the Com
missioner of Indian Affairs would dismiss
him Instantly. He proposed that Fitz
gerald, go with him to the Indian ouico
to-morrow and Investigate the whole mat
ter.
'If any one has been guilty of the thing3
charged," he said, "he will be out of the
service before night."
PERSONAL MENTION.
W. H. Shirk, a hotel man of Reno, Is at
the Russ-' 2-J^V*
"W: F. Knox, an attorney of Sacramento,
is at the Grand.
Ex-Assemblyman C. B. Jillson, a mining
man of Napa, is at the Grand.
J. Kullman, a tanner of Benicia, 13
among the arrivals-at the Grand.
Stewart Logan, a mining man of Reno,
is among the arrivals at the Rus3.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, la at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
S. C. Lowe, interested in gas works at
Pasadena, is a guest at the California.
H. L. Thackery, an oil man of McKlt
trick, is among the arrivals at the Grand.
George B. Courtland, a rancher and ex
tensive land-owner of Courtland, is regis
tered at the Russ.
A. D. Shepard, who holds a responsib!e
position with the Pacific Improvement
Company of Victoria, B. C, 13 at the Pal
ace.
Hon. J. Sloat Fassett, a retired banker
of New York, who has been tourinjj
Southern California, Is among the recenc
arrivals at'the'PalaceV. ,
John Ross Wade, a mining man of Cal
la|an, Cal., returned yesterday from an
extended tour of the East with his wife.
They are at the California.
E. O. McCorinick, general traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
left Chicago for this city yesterday. Ha
will arrive here Sunday evening. >
Californlans in Nevr York.
NKW YORK, Feb. 20.— The following
Calif ornlans are In New York:
From San Francisco — O. A. Berger, at
the Herald Square; J. S. Cowan, at the
Cosmopolitan; F. G. Gould, at. the Mur
ray Hill; W. MacArthur, at the Imperial;
G. Martin and wife, at the Astor House;
F. X>. Myers and wife, at the Grand Ho
tel; N. E. Sanford, at .the Normandie; W.
W. Treat, at the Ashland House; G. S.
May land, at the Delevan; R. H. Swayn, '
at the Imperial; Mrs. K. Mills, at the Cri
terion.
From Los Angeles— D. J. Brownstein.
at the Herald Square; H. F. Vallmer at
the Imperial. .
HOTEL DEL CORONADO, choicest "Winter
Resort in the world, offers best living, climate
boating, bathing, fishing and most amuael
menta. E. S. Babcock. manager, Coronado. C«!
piano. She Is also a graduate of the Poly
technic Institute. "The groom has been for
several years asoclated with the firm of
Sturdivant & Co. and has many strong
friends in the v cityv
, Mr. and Mrs. Plevin will hold their re
ceptions on the second Tuesdays. *
; Mrs. W. S. Hochstadter gave the sec
ond of her delightful card parties yester r
day afternoon at her residence, 1322 Sut
ter street. Thirty-five guests were enter
tained - and the affair was a success : in
every detail. The decorations were elab
orate and . artistic. * The drawing-rooms
were attractive with fed and white flowers
and foliage. The dining-room was lighted
with red, white and blue incandescent
lamps and those colors predominated in
the decorations. Fifteen beautiful prizes
were provided by the hostess for the for
tunate players and delicious refreshments
materially added to the enjoyment. The
occasion was a pleasant one.
A delightful luncheon was given
Wednesday at the Palace Grill by Mrs.
James A. Robinson- ill honor of Mrs.
Charles Taylor and Miss Taylor of Bos
ton. Everything was perfectly appointed'
and the affair was I a very pleasant one.
Among those present were:
Mrs. H. B. Chase, Mrs. Mountford S.
"Wilson, Mrs. Horace D. Pillabury, Mrs.
Charles Josslyn and Miss Josslyn.
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Meyerstein enter
tained their immediate relatives and the
Rev. 'Dr.'Voorsansrer and wife at their
residence; 1901 Franklin street, on "Wednes
day evening. February 19, celebrating the
marriage of their granddaughter, Miss
Helen Simon, to Arthur Silverberg In New
York City on the date named. The bridal
couple left New York for Washington,
D. C. Immediately after the wedding and
from there will continue their trip to this
'cityt where they intend to make their fu
ture home. *
/ * *
Miss Carrie Welesch returned from a
two months' visit to Portland on Tues
day. .. . *
Emil Bruguiere has returned from Mon
terey. A. Wallace of New York will fol
low In a few days.
Mrs. Clarence Follis Is again in the city
after a trip to Coronado.
• • • <
Major^ General "William R. Shafter left
for Bakersfleld Wednesday evening: for an
Indefinite stay with his daughter.
. • • • /
< Miss Ruth Dunham > and Miss > Mary
Dunbam are \ arranging ¦ to take a trip
south in the near, future. ':'¦',
Mrs. John A. Darling returned Wednes
day from her visit to her Napa County
ranch and Is staying at the Occidental.
BESHORMAN-PLEVIN
WEDDING VERY QUIET
WHY EASTERN
INDIAN SCHOOLS
ARE FAILURES
the vote in the House . on the * issue has 'been more'
emphatic than ever be/ore. It ¦appears,, then, that the.
Hou^e^reany^rep^
the - counfrV 'oh" ! this 7 p6int;! ah"(i, ; that ? being. , so, : the
. adoption of the amendment might" as well : be con-
I ceded by the Senators without making "a mere Bour
bon fight against it. ¦ Whatever tha people-desire in
the way of political reform is bound to i be .'accom
plished in the long run, and this appears to be one;
of the reforms upon which the people have made i up
their minds.' \ :¦''... ', . . ' . : ' /y '.~- ¦-•
THE RAILROAD MERGER.
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 21, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.;'-'
Address All Ccrcmncie&tieas to W. S. LEAKE, Ktn&ger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . ; . . . .Telephone Preii2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Market and Tnird, S. F.
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 io 221 Stevenson St.
.-; Telephone Pre«s, 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weeiy
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms »iy Mail, Including: Postages
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 month* 3.0?
DAILY CALL {including Sunday). 3 months. 1.60
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year .:. 1-30
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ..:....:.. 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
- Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. .
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their requt»t.
OAKLAXD OFFICE . .T777777I 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS,
Kan&gtr Foreign Advertising, Msrquetts Bnildiag, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619,")
6
THE SAN/ FR&;N£ISCO C AXL, FRIDAY, - FE r BK ITARY r i ; 1 902.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoli — "The Ameer."
Central— "An African King." •
Alcazai- — "The Orient Express."
Columbia — "Way Down East."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Temperance Town." -...'.*;£¦>"•
Fischer's Theater^ — "The French Maid." Monday, Febru-
ary 24.
California — "The Sign of the Cross."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital.
Metropolitan Hall — ICordica recital to-morrow afternoon.
Metropolitan Hall — Hofmann Eveninjr, Tuesday, Febru-
ary 25.
Metropolitan Hall — Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Febru-
ary 26. '
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day. ->.'".
AUCTION SALES!
By William G. Layng — Thursday, February 27, Horses,
at 721 Howard street. - • -
¦ ° . . .:.. -."• /' - ' ,°
Should Women Remove Their Hals
in Church?
Read Vhat Pastor,* Layman and
Clubwoman Say.
Demarkablc Cure o! Little Gladys
Sullivan at Lourdcs.
Jr^ The Mysterious Crimes oi
•^r • San Francisco.
/ \ Forty Ycars a Tcacner
S SLxSLajfik. !L \. in the Public Schools.
\ C#J^L7 / ThC Actor Colonv o! !
\^ M-[ Read How Many of Our Local Thr-* '<
X^ f a'rical Lights Live When at Home J
How Many Millions Do Yov
Think Were Spent in Charity \
: Next- Week, "Broclonah's Mavcrick. n
Illustrated by Ed Borein.
Eight Pages o! Color That Arc Pleasing
V ? ' — ""— ~ — ¦ — - — o
____^__^_^____;^- -¦ - ¦ *.-¦ - . - .-¦ , - 4(Sell Tesla : Briquettes, $9 per ton. ; Best and
. cheapest fuel ; for . kitchen * and 1 grate. Phone
Bouth 05 about them.
.Only\ Reliable Coal Dealers
Vorhees of ITapa Insolvent.
A. P. VoorheesofNapa filed a petition
in insolvency, yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $11,133,
all in promissory notes, dated 1898, in fa
vor: of people lnNapa and he states he
has no assets. He also took the pauper's
oath i to ; avoid; the payment of the clerks'
and court's fees.
-January! this ; year has been-; the best
January^we have ever known in the frame
i business.;' 1 - -Our;* 'new^ moldings ''¦'-:, please
everybody 1 that' has i seen them, .both- in
'style ; and* price. v- Any ; one ; wishing to 'buy
I either • pictures : or > frames • should , see v the
new things i at our; store. ; Sanborn, Vail
&: Co. 1 ; -741 Market Bt. ' ¦¦¦: ': v -:.,*;
-.¦>¦¦ ¦: .- .-*:.¦/ ¦'-¦¦¦"¦. ' ¦¦ ¦
Pictures and Frames.
The willvof the' late' Timothy -Page, -a
wealthy ¦• vineyardist; of r~ Fresno; County,
was", filed' fori probate yesterday; -His*es
tate,', valued at s $50,000, ' goes ; to "> his - chil
dren, Cutler Page and-Mrs.'Li. F. % Montea
gle,' as ; the I wife of ; the deceased," to whom
he directed in. the will the estate should
so,* died: a short; time ago. :'
Page's Will'ls; Filed.
{. R. P. Hoyt, 1 alias A.. H. Miller, was con
victed fof. embezzlement 1 ,." by .a jury in
Judge "Graham's court yesterday. The
jury recommended that I h^ be 'dealt with
leniently. . Hoyt, '.while employed at , Koh-'
ler t & • Chase'3 music • store, sold a piano
to ; an auctioneer ,'for fc , $S5 and " failed to
make a: return to the firm. , ¦
Hoyt Is Convicted.
. A. Victor Segno was granted a divorce
from Evelyn R. Segno yesterday for de
sertion: Decrees of were also
granted , to the following on the " eame
ground : Aaron / J. Walker from ' Sarah
Walker, William Mills rrom Julia Mills
nnd . Caroline L. " Meaney from. Lewis 1 P
Meaney. ; New suits were filed \ by ; Annie
Keegan against T. J. Keegan for cruelty
Claudette H. Mengel against P. W Men
gel for, desertion and- F. S.* Rook- against
Blanche Rook for desertion-
Unhappy Couples Separated.
, Roger McCarthy, a teamster, . - who,
while driving a : heavily 'laden lumber
wagon across the car^ tracks /at Fourth
and To wnsend streets," was run into by a
train and severely injured, filed a suit for
$5000 '. damages against . the -, Southern Pa
cific yesterday. Louise Cooney.'widow of
John Cooney, who was killed a few days
8 go on Twenty-second street, near Ken
tucky, through the fall of a derrick owned
by. the Independent Gas and Power Com
pany, filed a . suit : for 41200 damages
against the. corporation yesterday.
Damage Suits Filed.
The heaviest. fine ever imposed upon the
keeper of a lottery place fell to the lot
of Ah Jing, 607 Dupont street, yesterday. 1
Judge Mogan had the evidence of turee
white witnesses— Richard Depeler, Albert
Creager and Paul Jackson— who were ar
rested for visiting the place and promptly
convicted Ah Jing and fined -. him $200. Ah
Charley was fined $50 for visiting the
place. Their attorney gave notice of ap
peal. The cases of tne three white visit
ors.were continued. The place was raid
ed early Tuesday morning by Policeman
Tillman.
& Iibttery Meu Heavily Fined.
The following ladles and gentlemen are
members of the, company: Aug. F.
Brandstedt, ,C. Shoquist, C. Gardelius
Fritz Wahlin, Fred Johnson, Axel Alf, O*
F. Svanson. Clas. Langerberg, C. J. Lar
son, Mrs. Fred . Johnson, Miss Agnes
Lundgren and Miss Ollva C. Peterson.
A Clever Company of Actors Newly
* . Organized to Interpret the
Plays.
. August F. Brandstedt, popular among
the Swedish residents of San Francisco
as an actor and producer of plays in the
Swedish language, has newly organized a
company of players, which will give its
first performance at Turn Verein Hall on
Saturday evening. Two comedies, one,
"Ingvald Eneson," and the other, "The
Senator's Son," will be given. The former
is taken from the Norwegians and the
latter from the English, both being trans
lations by Mr. Brandstedt. The two con
tain an abundance of humorous situa
tions and witty; dialogue, and, interpreted
by a clever and experienced companay
under the personal direction of Mr.
Brandstedt, should be enjoyable. Dancing
will follow the programme.
SWEDISH COMEDY TO BE i
; . GIVEN IN THIS CITY
Attorneys John S. Partridge and B. F.
Treadwell obtained permission yesterday
from the Attorney General to bring quo
warranto proceedings to determine the
legality of Fredrick's position. The pro
ceedings will be brought in the name of
the State and will call upon both Wind
row and Fredrick to show by what war
rant or authority they pretend to act as
Clerk of the Justices' Court. It is ex
pected that the decision in this proceed
ing will settle definitely who is entitled to
hold the office. ¦ - — -
An amended complaint in the matter of
J. J. Quinn restraining the Auditor from
auditing the salary of Powell
Fredrick for ten days In January was filed
by Attorney Rlofdan Wednesday evening
with Judge Cook and the Judge issued a
temporary injunction. The argument has
been fixed for next - Tuesday. In the
amended complaint' Riordan takes an.'en
tire change of base.
Quo Warranto Proceedings to Bo
Taken in Justice's Clerk Case.
AMENDED COMPIiAINT FTLE7X
Planning Street Improvements.
The Board of Works decided yesterday
to meet on Mondays, commencing Feb
ruary 24, 1902, from 2 to 4 p. m., to' hear
all associations or citizens regarding the
necessity for street improvements to be
recommended to the Supervisors during
the next fiscal year. The Board of Works
yesterday awarded a contract for repay
ing O'Farrell street, between Powell and
Stockton, with- asphalt to the Alcatraz
Paving Company for $124517. Owen Mc-
Hugh received the contract to grade Six
teenth avenue, between H and I streets,
for 531S2 20. <. -
Another, conflict of authority that will
have to be determined is the execution of
judgments rendered in cases filed with
Fredrick originally and reported to his
office after the removal of Windrow. How
many of these cases there are no one
seems- to know. All that can be done Is to
await_the turning up of the papers. Win
drow deposited ,with the Treasurer some
$800 in. fees received by him. These have
not yet been apportioned, and the Treas
urer does not know what to do with
them. , The Justices of the Peace are in
a quandary, too, because . they have no
docket upon which to work except that
kept by Fredrick, and they do not seem
to care to recognize him in any way at
all. , . -
"We claim that as long as the name of the
presiding Justice of the Peace was sisned to
the papers, no matter of what nature they
might be, we had no option in the matter
save to execute them. We returned them to
the party designated by the presiding Judge of
tha Sm>erior Court to receive them and then
considered our business ended " as for as thene
cases -were concerned.
The amount involved in the suits which
the papers cover approximates $2000. Each
litigant has a chance to recover from the
Sheriff the amount of money and the fees
and other expenses attached to the litiga
tion. Then there is the question of dam
ages. This promises to be the most in
teresting portion of the impending legal
battle, for the responsibility Is divided.
The consensus of legal opinion is that the
Sheriff should have taken legal advice be
fore executing the attachments. The
Sheriff said:. .
Sheriff Lackmann deposited yesterday
and the day before with Clerk Powel
Fredrick the returns on- thirty-two at
tachments in suits bearing the signature
of Presiding- Justice Daniels and Joseph
Windrow as clerk. Fredrick declined to
receive them, and they were left on hli
desk by the deputy sheriff who made the
returns. In order that they might not be
lost Fredrick placed them in an unused
pigeonhole. He said: - f
I do not know anything about these papers.
They were dumped her© by the Sheriff. I
simply picked them up and put them away so
that they could be had when wanted. The
numbers are concurrent with ours in some in
stances, but as we have no record of the- feea
being paid, or, to put it broader, no record of
any of the cases, we cannot give, them, any
consideration.
¦ .When ."Windrow was appointed : by ; the
Justices of the Peace after Mayor Schmitz
had removed Williams, and in addition the
latter- : had resigned, he .tiled, his official
bond and opened an office as clerk of the
Justices' Court. Fredrick, .who was ap
pointed by Mayor Schmitz to succeed Wil
liams, also had an office, and transacted
business at the old stand. "All the records
of the office were in. his possession.'
v In entering cases a consecutive number
ing system" is followed. When~Windrow
ppened . up his office he ascertained what
number . was " used "- by -Fredrick and
stamped all his papers according to, that
numerical order. Now these papers are
coming back to Fredrick arid he decline^
to receive them. In some cases there are
duplicate numbers according to Fredrick's
record, but the cases in Fredrick's office
are different from those that came from
Windrow's office, j .How many of these
cases there are no 'one as yet seems to,
know. • . : .
, All sorts of legal entanglements are in
sight' for Sheriff John Lackmann, the Jus-;
tices of the Peace and. their recently de
posed clerk, Joseph Windrow. .' Some 500
or • more litigants | are also concerned t in
the matter. The recent decision of Judge
Cook is responsible for this trouble."
"That's all very well," answered Parry
warmly, "but a few weeks, ago you au
thorized Commissioner Grady to buy
horses without tho'aid of McCarthy. If
Grady can do this I don't see why I can
not run the affairs of the corporation yard
without this sort of interference."
The various Commissioners protested
that they intended no slight to. Parry, but
that they merely designed to have the
business of the board transacted in a busi
ness-like manner. Parry finally with
drew his opposition to the project and the
discussion came to a close.
Antone Bacigalupi, a member of Engine
Company No. 4, who was arrested on the
Sd inst. for misdemeanor, was dismissed
from the department after a brief trial.
It was shown that his reputation was
bad, that he had been arrested In the
company of a dissolute woman and that
his record as a fireman was not of the
best. The vote for his expulsion was
unnimcus.
"He can't buy anything," said Chair
man Watt. "This board does that and
your vote Is as essential as that i of any
other member." ,
The dispute arose when the suggestion
was made by. the chairman that Secretary
McCarthy should handle the bids for sup
plies for the corporation yard and submit
them to. the board. The name of "Mc-
Carthy la distasteful to Carry and when
uttered In connection with, his own a row
may be looked for.
"I object," shouted Parry. "I am able
to look after the supplies for the cor
poration yard without McCarthy's help."
Commissioner Hecht paid there was no
disposition on the part of the board' or
McCarthy to relieve Parry of any portion
of his duty as Fire Commissioner.' He ex
plained that as McCarthy, was (he secre
tary of the board he was fully competent
to accept bids and file them - with the
board. - . •
The dull monotony of the meeting of the
Fire Commissioners was broken yesterday
when. Commissioner Parry voiced a loud
protest against what he termed an at
tempt to deprive him of his prerogatives
as the committee on corporation . yard.
He Insisted that If that sort of thing con
tinued he might as well step down and out
and let the corporation aftairs run them
selves. . " ¦ :---^«sa^fc^^)safe«stf3a«er^
Judge Cook's Decision Makes
.Tangle in Office of Jusr
. tices* Clerk.
Insists That His Rights, as
Committeenian Shall Be
Recognized.
Papers-Issued by .Wind
row Are Refused by
Fredrick.
at Meeting of Fire -
Board.
Makes Warm Protest
COUNTY OFFICIALS
MUCH IN DOUBT
PARRY DEFENDS
HIS PRIVILEGES
' THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRID AT, FEERTJARY 21 V 1902.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
HERPICTDE'S MISSION.
New Remedy That <. Destroys / the
Dandruff Germs.
Nothing is more annoying to men or
women of middle age when they notice
that their hair Is growing thinner, when
they must admit that the first indications
of baldheadedness have commenced to ap-
pear. Many would give a thousand dol-
lars arid more for a remedy with which
to preserve their natural head-dress.
However, they don't need to. Newbro's
Herpicide removes the. effect of dandruff
by destroying the cause, the only dan-
druff cure that actually destroys the
dandruff germ. . , .
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
I newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cara to all parts of the
city — depots, ferries and parks —
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
Oppression, Suffocation, Nenralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES^ POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, B. FOUQERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
AMUSEMENTS.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY MATINEE
TO-MORROW.
USUAL MATINEE SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OP
I GEORGE OBER
One of America's Foremost Comedians,
In Charles Hoyt's Famous Comedy Drama,
A Temperance Town,
POPULAR PRICES — 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
— NEXT WEEK —
GEORGE OBER In "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
BEEjASCQ *"* THAlE&jfojtfQfe
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY and SUNDAY EVE.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
A GREAT PRODUCTION of Charles E. Bla-
ney's( Author ""of "Klnsr of the Opium
Rlngr") Successful Melodrama,
An African King.
PRICES — Evening. 10c to 50c; Matinee, 10c,
15c and 25c.
Next Monday— "THE CORNER 'GROCERY."!
Raging
jAX^*!**" "^"Siar* Crery Week Day:*
•Br : Rain or Shine. V
N£W CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and «T p.; m.,; connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. • Last two cars on, train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking.; Buy your
terry- tickets to Shell Mound. ' All trains i via'
Oakland mole connect with San • Pablo avenue
electric cars , at Seventh and • Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland; These . electric ; care
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes. -\> • '
• Returning — Trains leave i the ¦ track at \ i :15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after. the ladt
THOMAS H.' WILLIAMS JR.. President. "
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. ;
AMTTSEMEKTS. • ,
"HOFMANN
EVENING,"
AT THE
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
TDESDAY EVENING, Feb. 25,
BY THE
F*IANOL,A,
Assisted by
MRS. GRACE DICKMAN, Contralto
All eelectlons by the Pianola will be from the
San Francisco programmes of Hofmann, and
his Interpretation •will be followed throughout.
(Of the PIANOLA, which he uses and indorses.
Hofmann Bays: "I am free to Eay that I un-
hesitatingly pronounce the Pianola the best or
all piano playinsr devices.") All tickets free,
but to prevent overcrowding: reserved seats
ehould be obtained at KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2C-30 OTarrell si.
NORDICA
LAST RECITAL
TO-MORROW (SAT.) AFTERNOON,
AT
' METROPOLITAN HALL.
Reserved Seats. $1. 52 and $3.
Box office to-day at Sherman. Clay & Co.'b.
* To-morrow (Washington^ Birthday) at halL
SEATS NOW ON SALE
FOR THE
FOUR CONCERTS NEXT WEEK
OF THE
Chicago Symphony Orchestra
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
75c. ?1 and ?1 SO.
KflTF This attraction trill be continued for
i'ult 1 another week.
EVERT NIGHT INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
TO. A. BRADT-S f/l/ £| "XT'
B^procucUon V C*l V
beautiful
KL Down
S rat £ 17 o e+- v
Grtoer. JUCtbL
Coming— "ARIZONA."
VAUDEVILLE MIXED! MIXED
WELL!
The Blossoms; Hawaiian Glee Club;
Warren and Blanchard, and the
Biogxapii. X>ast times of Mary
liorman; Dempsey and Mack Com-
pany; 3 Marvelous Merrills;
- Winchermann's Bears, and Jessie
Dale.
Reserved Seats. C3e; Balcony. 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
fl5rM MAT R £rA >
Belasco & Thai!, Managers.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
The Latest German Farcical Success,
"The Orient Express"
ALL ABOARD FOR THE LAJsD OP FUN!
MATTXEE TO-MORP.OW AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance. .
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
Monday— "THE HEAD OP THE FAMILY."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATIXEE SATtrRDAT AT 2 EHABP.
OXLT A FEW MORE NIGHTS.
THE
MONDAY. Feb. 24— THE HIT OF THE
BOSTONIANS.
THE SERENADE.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c 75c.
Telephone Bush 8. /> '. '';¦¦
L.VST 2 NIGHTS,
«™,.. SATURDAY MATINEE.
William Greet Presents the Powerful Ycung
Heroic Actor.
CHARLES DALTON
In WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama,
THE SIGN OF THE CROSS.
A MAGNIFICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
NEXT SUNDAY— FEB. 23
MURRAY and MACK
•'SHOOTING f flE CHUTCS."
fSEATS READY.)
Fischers Theatre
O'Farrell St.. Between Stockton and Powell.
OH, WHAT A LINE! •
Was Formed Yesterday to Buy Seats for the
First Production t of
THE FRENCH MAID.
Bejrinnins NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
A Brilliant. Frisky, Eng&b Musical Novelty.
Greatest Cast Ever Seen
in San Francisco. •
NEW AND ELEGANT COSTUMES.
CAPTIVATING DANCES.
ORIGINAL MUSIC.
A HOST OF PRETTY GIRLS.
POPULAR PRICES — Opera Chairs, reserved
25c and 50c; Bex Seats, 73c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday, 25c.
CHUTES AND^OO E^ y E^"
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SPECIAL TO-MORROW NIGHT, *
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY."
GRAND FIREWORKS DISPLAY.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
CHAMBERLAIN RECITAL.
A great musical treat may be expected at the
PIANO RECITAL to be given FRIDAY EVEN-
ING at SHERMAN & CLAY HALL, by
BELLE CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN. She has
Just recently returned from two years' study
under ' Bloomfieid Zetelcr of Chicaro and Te-
resa Carreno of Berlin. Her programme is a
varied and picturesque one and includes Rhap-
eodie No. 12, Liszt; Ucndo, Capriccioso and
Maid of Ganges. Mendelssohn; Fantasie. Op.
, 49, Chopin; Magic Fire Scene, Wagner-Bras-
¦ ein; Sonata, Op. 27. Beethoven, besides severtl
other attractive numbers.
m illir J^ / ' / * Here Is hor first letter M
m ,, v^v^ I^^llm wn or 6 itting in an easy chair. When I stand I suffer |S
Wm \ f • Mr recommen<ied to me by a friend, and I have made up my mind Ij3
m\ Y$mr§ Mrs. Psnkfa&m's advice was M
Wa \ promptly 3*f&&®i\?es§ Ssy IWrs.
M A. Watson and a. few months- later M
I Jb» '^Hra Si ~^® writes a® fe$I3owss \ vtt . M
PmmP AbShBhIh ¦'# bBHBJMmBBBSB1MbBWJ1^h8^BmCTS9^§!^^!| * ' -" 1^ vr A KS^
HI9iB ' ' MBKG&SSn^Em ¦ * M ' ¦»»™BISKg3fjyB»j^»BM5t^llM^BiHl^WfclBMBljPflWHff[M^mlj^3 \* u «*j*w *a»"^ -W h i wltMUOuiUii.] lfifjl
MrSm Waison ' s iettors provo that Mrs. Pink- MA
|^^^^/li\^^^^|[^^^^^^^||l ham's free advice is always forthcoming on fM
BMl^BR^S^^^^^^gwHjHEBjwjB request and that it is a sure guide to health. V j
¦ These letters are but a drop in the ocean of g|
®v/Jewc0 proving that Lydla E. Pinkham's Vege- M
$ *^^B table Compound CURES the Ills of womsn. ¦ m
%^^ Do not be P er *suad3d that any other Wi
m^^^^m^9^^ 'i^Sra^^Si^i^ v\ '"odiclne Is Just as good. Any dealer who 11
* WfiPmBt&£l& \ 8u y? Qsis something else has no interest in . gig
. tB^Sffi^^Emfia /EjJMeM >flSfc. /jtfSfek .ilifflfcL tCXRt ft O t^ Owlcg to the fact that some skeptical people have from time to time questioned KSJBPCKJct*^^^^
< «BnB^^gHBn|, '' JLafclV y^'g, '• '1b* Sf , -yfai''- ¦ ¦* ¦" W r\ tt ¦ the genuineness of the testimonial letters we are constantly publishing, weForeign Futures.
Continued 'on' Page Eleven.
¦ '. Iron-, was "firm- ¦' and >" unchanged here,', but
hjgher abroad. -Glasgow closed 'at 53s lid and
< s. Spelter was unchanged . at home and abroad;
New York j was quoted -at $4sl2%@4 17%' and
London -at; £171 17s.' 6d.-- :,'.,. :'¦ <¦¦ ¦ ¦..-.. :
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. '• „ May.
Opening. .....6 2 6 1%
Closing -6 1S 6 1ft
PARIS:
Wheat— Feb. May- Aug.
Opening :....21O5 22 15
Closing .....;...... 20 95 ¦ 22 05
, Flour ' • ¦ .
Opening 26 60 -27 70
Closing, ¦....'......... 26 35 27 55
Eastern Livestock Market: •;
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO,.. Feb. 20.— CATTLE — Receipts,,
000, 1 Including 300 Texaha.' Active and strong.
Good ¦ to : Drlme steers, $6 40@7; -poor tO'me-<
ilium. $4@U; stackers and feeders. : $2 50(0 5;
cows,. $1 25@5 25; heifers, ?2 50@5 60; can
ners 1 , $1 •lo'a- :i0; bulls* $2 25@4 60;. calves,
$2 f>0@ 7; Texas fed steers, $4 60® 5 75.
• HOGS — Receipts to-day/ S0.000;, to-morrow,!
28,000; left • over, .^5000. Active and ; strong at
yesterday's prices. Mixed and butchers', • $5 65
@C 30; rood to choice heavy, $0 20@6 40:
rough heavy, $5 90@6 15; light, $5 75@6; bulk,
$5 ooee 20. >..'••-.¦..¦• , , .
SHEEP — Receipts,' 12,000. ' Steady.. Lambs,
10®il"ic lower. .Good. to choice wethers, $4 75®
6 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 85@4 60; West
ern . sheep ¦ and yearlings, $4 60@fl; • native
lambs, $3 75@6 50; Western Iambs, $5 25@6 60.'
':'¦ . :-Ncw York : { Mctal Market. •
NEW . YORK, Feb. ;- 20.7-About 21,0o6,0OO
pounds of ' copper. for v delivery during , the ¦ next
seven months In : parts of lake, electrolytic and
casting, ;; 1.000,000 : pounds of ; : each "•* kind V per
month, was offered f or , sale - at '¦ the Metal 1 Ex
change to-day at ' the ¦ market, but I there | were
no : buyers, v prices for copper were! unchanged,
with lake- at $12 25@12 50, ;, electrolytic at
$12 25@12 37% ¦• and casting! at: $12 12%«B>
12 37%.;' The London copper market was 7s 6d
higher, closing 1 with spot: at £55 17s 6d" and
futures at -I £55 < 7s 6d.
'?. Tin was , about ¦ l^c < lower ! on . the -, bid price
but 'quiet.; with $24 60 bid and $25 25 asked.
London • tin .' closed : with •" spot ¦*' unchanged at
£116 10s and s futures' at ''£108' 7s :6d.- •.-¦¦¦.. , ¦ ;•
.Lead was unchanged here at $4 12% and un
changed i In at £1.1 12s 6d. ¦.¦..'.,' , -' •:¦
hv^ W AT 0RK ' Feb * announcement
!?L * k u rne^ < l en * ral of the Unltcd States
that he believed the Northern Securities Com
pany infringed the entl-trust law and that he
would file a bill in equity in the Supreme Court
In accordance with Instructions from the Presi
dent, to test the question, overshadowed nil
other considerations in the stock market to-day
The acute Interest manifested in thla company
by all speculators and, indeed, air holders of
securities, was vividly demonstrated by the
effect In the stock market, and was the more
notable since Great Northern preferred Is the
only stock remaining . listed on the Exchan K e
which la directly Included In the Securities
Company. Yet the whole market fell away
sharply under heavy, liquidation, with only a.
few unimportant exceptions. The stocks of th*
Transcontinental companies were naturaliv
most affected, as the formation of the .North
ernSecurltlea Company represented an ertort
to harmonize conflicting Interests In that field
Great Northern preferred lost «V4. ¦ North w«.l
ern 7%. Kock Island 5%, St. Paul 3°" Union
Pacific ;J*4 and Southern Pacific -Jt,. E^ewn're
in the lUt losses generally ran off irorn 1 o
6>.i points and over that in many exceptional
cases. On, the curb Northern Securities whTn
Issued dropped over 3 points. The direct
concern of such . a variously assorted lot of
securities In the welfare of the Northe. 11 ¦ Se
curities Company is not very obvious but the
average speculator In stocks , and especially th>
professional trader. Is deeply imbued with -the
conviction that all his woes are the outgrowth
of the conflict for Northern Pacific control lasc
year and that it Is only necessary for the read
justment to be made of the situation ureciDl
tated at that time for the stock markef to "EL
sume all the buoyancy and speculative lurore 1
that was Interrupted by, the May, panic. For
some time there has been a deep-rooted convic
tion among the speculators/ that the Supreme'
Court would throw out- of court Minnesota's
suit against the legality, of the Northern Se
curities Company. ; There has 'been an aseumn
tlon also which was carefully fostered in the
Interest of a revival of speculation that the
public opposition to financial combinations wa<
more apparent ,: than > real . and that a demon
stration of the public utility of these combina
tions : would secure them against interference
even technically open to question as to legality
This morning's | announcement from I Washing
ton was. therefore,, a rude thock to all of these
optimistic sentiments that had - been carefully
nurtured in the financial district. The selling
movement swelled . the dimensions of the trad
ing . during - the first , hour to ' a Volume equal
to a full day's business during the recent'tast'
Prices declined sharply and the market looked
seml-demorallzed. Heavy selling for European
account added to the burden of the market and
at the same time created a sharp demand for
Nczv York Stock Market.
A leading New York authority, says of the
condtlon of trade : -.; - ... - \
"A potent factor in the general business and
I financial situation, and one which must enter
Into 'calculations for. the future. Is the gradual
recovery of the; European markets from pro
longed depression. Slight recessions from high
water mark are, as I have before, noted, to be
eeen here ' and there, but the recovery of Eu
rope means increased demands for products,
of which our merchants will not be slow to
take full advantage. Slackening of demand at
home promises to be well offset by increasing
orders from abroad. The figures promulgated
by the Bureau of Statistics at Washington,
placing the wealth of the country at over eighty
Jailllons of dollars, with a relative public debt
of only one and four-tenths per cent, are such
ae to well nigh forbid pessimism. The United
Kingdom, our nearest follower, appears with an
approximate wealth of fifty-nine billions and
a relative public debt of six per cent. Such a
comparison ia not one to discourage the Ameri
can people; and In our purview of the general
situation we must not. allow the little cloudb
rr mists — often temporary setbacks— to dim
our vision of euch powerful and fundamental
forces. Another element of encouragement In
the general situation lies In the very appre
ciable Increases during the past few months of
gold production in South Africa. The return
to anything near the normal supply would
strengthen the markets of the world and even
th» present ratio of Increase ought to ease the
demands for yold upon thia country, especially
as recent events strongly indicate the llkeli
hooo of a final termination of the Boer war
within a reasonable time.
"The railroad situation remains satisfactory
earnings continuing to exceed last year's large
li-aires In spite of corn crop damage and Inter
ruption of traffic from bad weather. The mer-
Ca ,". lU JL 1 0uUook •* * !so w^factory, the West
still being exceptionally prosperous and the
Iirn "V classes enjoying good credit. From all
accouf s the nroepects are for 'a good spring
trade. di due season. Improvement in the for
export trade in manufactures."
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mall advices from New York Bay:
"At the moment there Is noted a good activ»
demand for apricots, trlth a much stronger
feeling among holders on the spot. We hear
of business for shipment from the Coaat in
round lots at, it is mated, about the parity of
•r>ot laid down. Some inquiry and buying are
reported from nearby interior markets, with
£c paid for choice Royals and 12c for fancy In
taps. An offer of a car load wired to the
Coast yesterday at a price named for a lot on
Monday was turned down, the holder being un
willing to sell on thatf basis. Spot stocks at th*
moment are tB id to be light and the feeltng is
materially firmer, with an upward tendencv
There Is noted a good Jobbing Interest foi email
lots in boxes within the quoted range. "*"
"In prunes there is noted a steady demand
for local and nearby Jobbing account wltheell
ers holding pretty firmly on the «R4c snot ha
lls for 40-60 Santa Clara fruit In 25-lb boxes
there lb reported . ronie scarcity of 50-«J0s anii
on this size- the views of holders are a shadr
jttonger. -with 6%c most generally quot A
Coast advices report no change In the situation
th»re. The small fruit of the old crop arrlvlnr
restcrday, Eizes 120-140, Is held at 3c by re
¦elvers. - . ...
"iialtliis are dull. On loose eiic'appeara ln-
Business Still on a Stable Basis
Cash quotations .. were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 70@75c: No. 2 red,
83%c; No. 2 oats, .-' 41%®43%c; No. 2 white,
44Vj@45c; No. 3 white, 44@45c; No. 2 rye, 60
@01c;fair to* choice malting barley, 60@63%c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 07; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 72; mess pork, per bbl, $15 45@15 50; laT<3.
per ' 100 lbs, • $0 20®9 22 % ; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 2508 40; drv . salted shoulders
(boxed), 1 7%@7'4c; short clear sides (boxed),
'$S 70® 8 80; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28.
¦' Articles-"— Receipts. : Shipments.
Flour, barrels ......30,000 28,000
Wheat, bushels 73.000 70,000
Corn, bushels 58,000 .¦'¦ 32,000.
Oats, bushels .: .:. 116,000 5:i,000
Rye.-bushels .V. 2.000 5,000 '
Barley, ¦ bushels 37,000 ' 39.000
¦ On, the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy ; creameries, 18@2Sc ; I dairies,
18@24c. Cheese, strong, ¦ 10@13%c. Eggs,
easier; fresh. . 31%®32%c.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 48 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
- FORECAST.
*n5 h xev^25 Ure ha^ f^ Ilen »Pldly 'over -Utah
d • . , LT omln &. and has risen rapidly from
Point Conception northward.
Tc^fi-^ a ?.o f i?i len . geae / ously over Central and
Northern California. In the valley .06 is re
ported at Fresno, and on the coast a trace is
reported at San Luis Oblspo. Light showera
t^TehachapL 0^ ™™&S ~»th of
The temperature has fallen about 16 degrees
™ 1 northern <*>*" °* California and is now
nor ma j.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thlrtv"
hours ending midnight February 21- •
k^'I 1 "." 16 " 1 C*Hf°rnia— Light ehowerV Friday
! S*g
ngssseSrsw^ssS; ssf Sip;
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; light easterly winds
San Francisco and vicinity— Clearing Fridav
light southerly winds changing to westerly '
ALEXANDER G. McADIE
¦ -¦ Forecast Official.
In Liverpool- the squeeze anticipated some
weeks back has come with a vengeance, and
prices have Jumjjed Is to 2s per case. The
consumptive demand from the country seems
to have exceeded even the most sanguine ex
pectations and there is no doubt that the lower
Ei.ra.tum of prices has induced a big demand.
The London Grocers* Gazette of February 1
says of the salmon trade: A firm market has
again ruled druing the week and an advance
of 6d per case over last week's prices on
Alaska has been established. Fraser River
salmon Is exceedingly scarce on the spot,- and
transactions in this description' have conse
quently been somewhat restricted. Some ex
citement has been caused by the reported loss
of the Red Rock.
Salmon Scarce in England.
Imports of specie at this port In January
were $139,353, against $3,067,117 In January.
1901, the descriptions being as follows: Gold
coin. $3454; gold bullion. $43,090; silver coin,
$3930; silver bullion. $S8.879. The disparity be
tween last month and Its correspondent last
year was owing to heavy receipts from Japan
and Australia in January, 1901. The only coun
tries sending us coin last month were Mexico,
$127,528; British Columbia, $8125, and Japan.
$3700. \-l-
Imports of Specie.
THURSDAY. Feb. 20—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Ask.| Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. 112 112% Us qr c (new)lW%l.HS>%.
4s qr reg 112 112%l3s qr coup..lOS%109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 76%103 Oceanic 5s..l01%102
Bay CPC 5s. 100 — Ombus.C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5s 118% — Pac G Im 4s 95% 9714
C Costa 5s.. — — . PkftC II 6s.. 106. 107U
Ed L&P 6s.. — — Pk&O R 0S..117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 6s. 119% —
Geary-at J5s. — ,. Sac EGR 5a.. — 97*4-
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV53.123 12:;',
Do 5s.-..'.. — 100 Sierra Cal 6a. 105 110
L Ang R 5s. — 121 V4 S P of Ah, 6a
LA Light 6s. — — (190t» 112% —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) — —
Do gtd 3s. 104% — S P of Cal 6a
L A & P -59.101% — (19C5)Sr A.109 ' —
Do lem Ss.101 103 (1905>Sr B.1CO% —
Mkt-st C 6s. 125% — (190»;> 112 • —
Do lem 5a. 121 % 122% (1912) 122. — -
N R of C 6s. Ill — SP of Cal 1st
Do 6s 122% — c gntd 5S..120 —
N Pac C 5s. — — Do stmpd.111%112
N Cal R 6s. 112% — S P BrCal6a.l39 —
Oak Gas 5s.. 114 — S V Wat 6s. — 114
Oak Trn 6s. 122 125 Do 4s. 102^ —
Do 1st c5.slll 112 Do 4s 3dm. 102
Oak W G 5s. — 103% Stkn.Gaa 6a. 103% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 74U(Port Costa.. 63% 68
Marln Co... 59 — I Spring Val.. 87 88
' GA9 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2 5 Pae Light ..44 —
Eqt G L Co. 3 3% Sac E G&RC — 35
Mutual — 4% S F G & E.. 42% 42%
O G L & H. 62 ' — San Fran ... 5U 6
Pac G Imp.. 36% 37% Btktn G & E 8 — ¦
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 J
BANKS.
Ansrlo-Cal ..81 — L P & A 163 189
California . .420 — Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp. 116% — S F Nation!. 137% —
First Natnl.. — — •
SAVINGS BANKS. ,
German ...1950 — Sav & Loan. — ¦ 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav.. 75 80 Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U..512% —
STREET RAILROAD3.
California .. — 175 1 Market — 80
Geary — 60 [Presidio .... 87% —
POWDER.
Giant 78% 79%fVlgorlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 4% 4% KUauea .... 0% 10
Hawaiian... 37% 40 Makawell ... 26 27%
Honokaa ... 12 12% Onomea .... 23% 24%
Hutchlnson .13% — Paauhau ... 12 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.162%164 Pac A F A. . — 3%
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac C Borax.163 —
Cal Wine As. — 100% Par Paint . . IS —
Oceanic S Co36 33
Morning Session.
Board —
15 California Wln« Ass'n, cash... 100 00
20 California Win* Asa'n 100 00
50 Contra Costa Water...... 74 00
50 Honokaa Sugar Company...... 12 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
. ° 10 S F Gas & Electric Co. ....... 43 00
10 S F Gaa & Electric Co 42 37%
20 8 F Gaa & Electric Co 42 f2%
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1910) 113 73
- • '• Street—
$10,000 S P of C 6s (1806)... ..112 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
SO Honokaa Sugar Company...... 12 00
25 Mutual Savinga Bank......... 75 00
10 Paauhau S P Co... 12 00
25 8 F Gaa & Electric Co 42 23
• $5,000 N P C R R 6a...... 109 00
$10.COO S P of Arizona (1910)..: 113 75
Street—
$5,000 N P C R R Ba .........:..1O9 00
$3\O0O Spring Valley 6a 114 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
100. California-Standard IS
6000 Independence .' ;.... 08
100 Junction, a 00 20
600 Monarch of Arizona \q
400 Monarch of Arlaona 20 >
2000 Petroleum Center 07
Street—
1250 Reed Crude S7
100 Home - '3 SO
. Afternoon Session.
Board — <^MMMBMH
600 Oil City Petroleum 20
60 Thirty-three 7 50
MINING STOCKS.
Th« following were the - sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day : ¦ '
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belch. 251 300 Overman . 10
1600 Chollar 171 BOO Potosl 15
100 Con Cal & V.I :^V 500 Savage uf»
•300 Con New Tk. 03 1000 Sierra Nev... 16
450 Ophir .......105 200 Silver Hill 60
200 Overman .... 09 600 Union Con... Zi
; , Afternoon Session.
'200 Andes... 06J 10O Hale & Norc. • 32
100O Best & Belch. 26 500 Ophlr 1 0;»
400 Chollar \. ..... 14 200 Potosi ....... 14
200 Con Cal & V.I 35 1' 100 Union Con... ' 24
. The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Best & Belch. »» 15O Ophlr . ..1 02*1
300 Chollar.; 500 Overman 10
400 Con Cal & V.I 33 000 Sierra Nev... 1«
500 Gould & Cur. IN ::oo Silv*r Hill... ••<«
-200. Mexican ... .; 37 200 Union Con... 2o
. 200 Ophlr ...... .1*05
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
* —X
CHICAGO. . Feb. 20.— The . wheat market
opened . with a .bearish sentiment. \ Liverpool
cables were lower. The winter crops in most
States had a- perfect covering of "snow and
more snow was predicted. May opened %@%c
to %@&c lower at 7bc to 77%c. For a time it
was thought bull markets would prevail, but
the nervousness in the New York stock market
Influenced . selling In grains and depresaed
prices. KecelDts at primary points were lib
eral and : exDort clearances were the lightest
for. some time. May sold off to-77^c and then
turned dull. There was little short interest at
the opening, but when sellers of to-day found
lower prices brought out j buyers, they began
to cover. New York late In the session re
ported fifty-one loads taken for export. This
had an Improving effect and May forsook the
bear side and sold up to 7814 c. The close was
steady, unchanged, at 7S%@78^4c. :'¦¦¦'•
Corn acted a good deal in' sympathy wl;h
wheat and almost duplicated its fluctuations.
Cables showed . a bullish Impulse, but when
wheat broke corn followed. - The general condi
tion of the corn trade helped a recovery. The
close was firm, %®V4c higher at 61%@61%c.
Oats were dull and followed wheat and corn.
May closed Me up at 4394c. "¦-.<.¦¦.:
i Although the " rumor of hogs both here and
Western points was small, the market . for pro
visions was weak all day. - The reasons as
signed for the weakness was that longs were
selling out. -May pork closed 10c down, lard
and ribs each a shade lower. : -.-•¦¦¦,
. The leading futures ranged as follows :
San Francisco data : Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 51; mean, 54. V (
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boeton 2S-18 Washington ..... .30-16
Cincinnati 26-12 Omaha 30-14
Philadelphia 32-1$ Duluth 34-24
Jacksonville 62-52 Chicago 24-18
New York 28-16 Salt Lake City... .44-30
Kansas City '.2S-16 St. Louis .32-20
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours.' Season. Season.
Eureka 1.32 31.76 36.76
Red Bluff 0.42 . .18.10 21.30
Sacramento 0.32 9.55 15.32
San Francisco 0.53 11.04 16.09
Fresno 0.06 2.92 . . 9.66
Independence 0.00, 1.39 ¦ 1.47
San Luis Oblspo Trace > 7. 82 . 20.45
Loa Angeles T 0.00 4.22 13.66
San Diego ..." 0.00 2.46 - 8.58
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 20— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season.' and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours :
Turkey*. 12%«14c for Gobblers and 14©15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair.' $1 60® 1 75; Goslings, $2
©2 25; Ducks, $5®5 60 for. old and $6®7 for
young; Hens, $4 50®6; young Roosters. $607;
old Rooster*. $4@4 50; Fryers. $5 50®6; Broil
ers, $5®5 50 for large - and $3 60®4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen . for old and
$2 75@3 for Squabs. -
GAME — Hare. 75c®$l; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails . and . $1 for Brush; Gray . Geese. $2®
2 50; White Geese, 50c@$l; Brant, 75c®$2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe, $J; Jack
Snipe, $2; Robins, nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦ Price* for everything under this head remain
unchanged.' . - .' ¦ • ',
.While the floors are still ' very slenderly
etocked with Butter, there la rather more .on
the market of : late. " The ' tone of the
market, however, ' is firm. There is no change
In Cheese.; •' > ' ¦ ¦ • :
Eggs stand about as. before. The three cara
sent. East and, the liberal shipments to the
Sound this week t have. kept stock down ¦', to a
small point in spite; of the large receipts, ana
the market is quoted . firm. . A decline la im
pending, however. In the opinion of most deal
ers.- as It is not known whether the Sound will
take any more, and . It Is understood . that no
more will go East. > if this turns out correct,
then the market will have to rely on the local
demand, which la insufficient to absorb the
liberal dally receipts, hence the expectations of
a decline in the near future. At any rate, the
trade . do • not consider • It good policy to ad
vanca prices at this stage of the game.
Receipts were 29.600 pounds, 2 tubs and
1 barrel of Butter, 1533 cases of Eggs, 16,100
pounds of California Cheese. pounds of
Oregon Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. , ¦
BUTTER— Creamery. 28%@29c per lb for
fancy. 27%@2Sc for firsts and 26®27c for sec
onds; dairy. 22®27%c; store Butter. 17019c- per
pound. . r ' \ . ¦ *
CHEESE — New, ll%c; old. lOQllc;' Young
America, I2@13c; Eastern, 13@15c per lb..
EGGS— Ranch 21c, and In a small way 22c
for selected large- and 20c for good to choice;
store. 18@20c per dozen. : •.¦;V-.- ,:- - ¦:
.Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. .
Owlnc to the rainy weather businesi. was
dull in the fruit market. Receipta of Orangea
were light and have been so for some time, aa
ths fruit is. shipped from the Interior to other
marketa, where better prices are obtained. Only
two cara are at hand for to-day's auction.
Fancy Lemons have been acarce. but the
steamer which arrived late yesterday from tho
fruk 1 *" 1 C ° aSt brought Iar * e •uPPUes of thla
Th* Panama steamer brought up 379 cases
vance* mea- They are Selling at an ad
t i6> P J >LlES ~r* 1 50 ® 2 25 Per box for extra, $1®'
Sin ? ?,f ood to cholce and 50@75c for ordinary.
PEARS— From cold storage, 75c®$2 60 per
¦ CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c®$l 25
for standards, • $1 50@2 for choice and $2®2 75
J? r 4 a il, cy i» SeedUngs - "5c«$l 50: Tangerines,
?1 75@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@1 60; Lem
ons, 50c@$l for common and $1®1 60 for good
to choice and 31 75® 2 50 for fancy; Grape
FruU, $1@2; Mexican Limes,- $5®6; Bananas.
$2 2o@2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and
$1 25@2 25 for . Hawaiian: Pineapples, $3®4
per doz«n.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There la nothing . new. Prlcea are firm,
stocks are light and the demand Is fair, with
some Improvement developing at New York,
as will be aeen in the first column.
FRUITS— Apricots; 8@0c for Royals and 8^4
®13c for standard to fancy Moorparka; Evapo
rated Apples, 8®S%c; sundried, ,8c; Peaches.
6@8tfc: Pears. 6@9c; - Plums, pitted, 5®5%c;
unpitted,' 1%®2%c; Nectarines, 5@5%c for red
and 6%@6%c for white; Figs, 3o for black and
60® 1 5c per box for white.
,« P . RUNES ~ 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-4O», «®e%c- 40-50' s, 4%®5ttc; 50-60"s. 4%
@4»4c; 60-70-s, 3»i@4',ic; 70-80's, 3Vi®3%c- 8C
90's, 2%®3>4c; 9O-10O's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown 6U
@7?4c; Loose Muscatels, . 6%c for 4-crown and
6J4C for seedless; 3-crown. 6c; 2-crown, 5%c*
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for .unbleached and .@
8%e for bleached. Clusters — Imperials. $3; De
$? s ZiJ, 2 £? : Fanc y- $1 "I London Layers.
#1 JoqiX 35.
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll©12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8®8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10% @12c for paper
shell, 9@10c for eoftshell and 6®7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
12@12i4c; Filberts, 12@12Vac; Pecans, 11®1Sc:
Cocoanuts, $3 60@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll®12c for bright and 10©
Ho for light amber; water white extracted 6@
6c; light amber extracted, 4® 5c: dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. .
¦ •- .- ' ! — ', ' •.
. Provisions.
j
¦ There was quite a' decline at Chicago yester-'
day. - This market remained dull and un
changed. ' - . ; •
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c.- per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium. ?13%c for light.
14^ic for extra light and 15c for -sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12^@13c; Califor
nia Hams, HXA®12>ic; Mesa Beef, $9 50@10 per
barrel; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family, $11 60®
12; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $22 60®
23; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels.'
pure, ll*»c; 10-lb tins, ll?ic: 6-lb tins, ll%c;
a-lb tins, 12c.
- COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces
9%c;.flve tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and .'brands Bell
about l%o under quotations. ' Heavy . salted
Steers, lie; medium, . 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 0^c: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16 %c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip, 14c: Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®3Oc each; short
Wool, 40@C0c each; medium, 65@75c; long
Wool, 80c® $1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
®3 for large and $2 60 for medium; $1 75® 2 for
small and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75
for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins 30c;
winter ¦ or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins — Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium
35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, '.5%®6c per lb:
No. 2, 4%®5c; grease. 2%@3c. .
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquin, 6®8c; San Joa
quin Lambs", 7%@S%c; Middle County, 8® 10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15V4c; do
fall. 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— 10@llc for fair. and ll%@12c per lb
for good to choice. - Local dealers quote 13®
17 %c for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain as before quoted.
DRESSED . MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . : . . . : .
BEEF — 6%@7c for Steers and 6® 6% c per lb
for Cowa. *
VEAL — l«rge, 7®8c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®9c; Ewes. 7c per
pound.
'LAMB — Yearlings, 9®10c' per lb; . Spring
Lamb. 12V-C per lb. '.
. PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%®9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET..
• The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less CO
per cent shrinkage: -
CATTLE — Steers, 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers,
6%®7%c: thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4%©5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4®4%c; Ewes, 3%®4c per
lb (gross weight).
- LAMBS — Sucking Lambs,' $2 60®3 joer head
or. S^ieec per lb, live .weight; yearlings. 4&®
5c per lb. = . - . .
HOGS — Live V Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6©
6%c; 200 lbs and over,-5%®5%c; feeders, 5U - e
sows, 20 'per cent oft; boars, 30 per cent off
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. . ' . " . ,
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c
local make; %c less than Calcuttas; Saa Quea
tins, $5 65; Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece Twine
7%@Sc. ¦ . VSfiMl
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington.- $9; Seattle. $8 80; BryCnt. $6 60-
Roslyn,. $7:^008 Bay. $5 50;.Wallaend. $3 60-
Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland $12
in bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Penna^tvanla' Ant
thracite Egg, : Welsh Anthracite. $14-
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke,- $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descrlntlonn
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. accord
ing to brand.
'OIL — California Castor Oil, in caaea No. 1
,70e; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled'
76c; raw, 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol 660 for
boiled and 64c for raw.. In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained,. barrels. 85c; cases ooc-
China Nut. 57%®68c per : gallon;' pure Neati!
foot,. In barrels. 70c: casea, 76c; Sperm Duri
65c;, Whale Oil,, natural white. 40®50c wrnl
Ion; Fish", Oil. " barrels, 42%c; cases 47Vic-
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceyion and
68%c for Australian. ¦ y on and
COAL OIL— Water White, Coal Oil In' bnllr
13%c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral "Co-
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c^Eoe# n^'
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline .In bulk £
cases. 21^c; Benzine, in bulit 14c- in cl««
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk 20c- in
cases,.26%c. ' TCi In
TURPENTINE-^-67c per gallon ; In case, .„,*
61c In drums and Iron barrels. es and .
.SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refintn* f«».
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags" * Com *
« . Cubes.-- Crushed and - Fine Crushed 8 05c-
Powdered, 4.80c; Candy. Granulated 4 nbe- jw
Granulated, - 4.80c; -Confectioners'" i iK
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c;>Beet Granulated i ion'
lb bags. only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4 40c- E ,tr\
C.. 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c; D.i 4.10c- bar^'elf iS
more, half-barrels. 25c more ; . boxe» 50c f mor^
60-lb bags. "10c more. No orders taken tofllti
than .75 - barrels ¦ or • Its • equivalent ' TtomtlVL -
Ivalf-barrels.- 6.30c; boxes. ;6.65c"peV 1^™!°°^
Exchange and Bullion. ;
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... • — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight....... — 4 88%
Sterling Cables ................— 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight..... ; — . • 12%
New .York Exchange, telegraphic — « >15 .
Silver, per ounce j — 55%
Mexican dollars, nominal.....'. , 44%O 45
: Wheat and Other. Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets ' continued
, weak, with lower Liverpool and Paris futures.]
Chicago was dull, and a shade lower at the
opening, with a 'demand: moderate and purely
local. Some long Wheat cams out on stop
orders. There ¦were 50 loads ' taken for export
and 50 at New York. The movement in the
Argentine ; was reported slack.
In this market both cash and futures were
fractionally lower, owing to the rain and tha
easiness of the Eastern and foreign markets.
Spot Wheat — Shipping. $1 10@l 11 Vi; mill
ing, $1 12}4@1 15 per ctl. • _ ¦
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 14,000
ells, $1 13; 2000, $113%; 2000, $1 12%; 18.
000, $112%; December— 10,000, $112%. •
' Second Session — May— 2000 • ctls. $112%;
2000, $112%; December— 14,000. $112%.
Regular Morning Session — May — iOOO ctls,.
$1 12%; December— 6000. $1 12%.
Afternoon Session — May — 6000 ctls, $1 12%;
2000. $1.12%; December— 2000, $1 11%; 2000,
«i 11%; 10,000,' ?1 11%.. . • i ,
BARLEY — The continued. rains tend to over
come the strength occasioned by the good, con
sumptive and shipping demand and the market
is 'a shade lower, both on and off call. ' -
Feed. 95c for choice bright, «3%c for No. 1
and 92%c for off grades; brewing and shipping
grades, ,97%c@$l; Chevalier, 95c@$l 20 per
cental.' . . ¦ . - ,:
CALL BOARD SALES..
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls. 84%c; 4000, 84c; 2000. 84%c; May—
2000. 03%c.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, 93%c; 2000,
93%c.
' Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
02%c; 8000, 92%c; 4000, 92%c; 6000. 92c;
2000. 02 %c; December— 2000, 84c.
Afternoon Session — May — 30,000 ctls. 92c.
'; OATS — The market is flat as far as local
business is concerned and prices are unchanged.
. Grays. $1 22%@1 30; whites, $1 25@1 4^%;
Surprise, $140(3*145; black. $1 12%@1 22%
for feed and' $1 22%@1 32% .'for seed; led,
$1 27%@1 37% per ctl for feed and $1 35®
1 42% for seed.
CORN — There is- nothing new to report,
either here or in the East, all markets being
dull " and unchanged. ' ¦ ~, -
Large yellow, $1 40@l 45; small round do,
$1 50: white, $1 35(3)1 40 per ctl. '
. RYE — Quoted at 83@90c per ctl. • v
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per . ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California' Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40©3 5C;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and $3
@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $3@
3 60. •
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham.
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $:S 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat: Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@t 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 6(W Farina, $4 50; Whole - -Wheat
Flour, $3 25 "Rolled Oats (barrels), $8 85®
8 35; in sacks, $6 50<@8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
Dealers are reporting a i steady market for
Hay, in * spite . of the rains, j with a
very • good export ' business , for. Honolulu and
free shipments Into ' Nevada, : the latter having
taken some 1000 tons from around the bay dur
ing the past ten days. I Prices show no change
either way. '¦ Feedstuffs are easy, owing to the
rains. ¦ .• •. • ¦ -
BRAN— $18 60019 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, • $20©21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; jobbing,
$28 50@29 ; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21 ; Corn Meal
$31#-32; Cracked Corn, $31 50®32 50; Mixed
Feed, $17@18 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
1 HAY— Wheat,- $10@13; fancy/ $13 50; Wheat
and Oat, $10@13; Oat, . $9@11; Alfalfa $8®
11; Clover, $7@9; .Volunteer, $6 50(30; Stock.
$6@8 50 per ton. ' ~ ¦ \ • ¦ ¦ ¦: , n-< .-¦:
STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All • descriptions are as before quoted and
there are no new features to mention.
.: BEANS— Bayos,. $2 35@2 60; Small White.
$2 90@3 20; Large White. $2 75@2 90; Pea.
$3 50@i; ; Pink. $1 90@2 20; Red, $2 75@3;
Blackeye. $3 75@4; Llmas, $4 45®4 65; Red
Kidneys, $3 85@4 per ctl.- -
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 76@2 90; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
9@9%c; California*. 8@8%c;Rape, 1%@2%c;
Hemp, 3%c per lb.
. DRIED j PEAS— Nominal. . '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts by the Oregon steamer were 11,633
sacks of Potatoes and 867 sacks Onions. The
steamer, had not. discharged her cargo up to a
late hour and no' sales .were: reported." " The
market' in . general Is quiet'- and all , descrip
tions remain :¦ as * before , quoted. One , car of
Sweet Potatoes came in. ¦ <
The easy , feeling in Onions continues and
prices are quoted lower. .-¦ ¦ •.•¦¦;«».,
- The -Vegetable market was dull and offerings
were < plentiful. All kinds : sold ' at about \ the
same . prices. Mushrooms - were : weaker under
heavier supplies. .The Panama steamer brought
up 136 boxes of " Mexican : Tomatoes.. These
good are plentiful and sell slowly.:
Although .' the . receipts of Asparagus were
less than on' the previous day the selling prices
were "much lower, . as retailers were well sup
plied. Forced 'Asparagus : from Sacramento
sold at 10@20c per lb. Rhubarb was In liberal
supply and sold readily at the quotations. ;•<
POTATOES— $1 10@l 35 for :. Burbanks from
the river; Salinas r Valley Burbanks. < $1 50©
185;: Oregon Burbanks, ; $1 40©l 75; Oregon
Garnet Chiles, $1 40@l 65; River Reds,' $1 60®
1 00; ¦ Early ' Rose,', for ¦ seed." $1 50@l 75; > small
Burbanks, tor seed, $1 25® 145; Sweets,' $1 50
for Merced. , . .: ¦ . • ¦ . • ,
ONIONS— Oregons, $2®2 25, ¦ first ¦ hands;
Australian, ¦ $3@3 25; ,. Green Onions,, 6O0G5c
per box.'.'- '¦' ¦-' • "j --.V •• - .'
• ¦ VEGETABLES — Asparagus,. 25® 40c per, lb;
Rhubarg. lO®llc; ' Green.-. Peas from. Los An
geles, 5ft£8c; . String * Beans from Los Angeles,
8®15c| including iWai; 'Cabbage. 40®5Oc per
: ctl; 'Los .Angeles- Tomatoes, .$1 60@2 •: per ; box
and $2@2 50 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $2®
2 60 per box for. repacked ;' Dried Peppers, 12%®
16c per lb: ; Los Angeles do, 15©17%c; ' Dried
Okra. 12%@16c per lb;V, Carrots, 35@50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers.' $1@1 26 < per dozen
- for " large ¦ and ¦ 50@75c , for ¦ small ; Garlic, X 1 « ®
2 J /4'c; Los Angeles Green Peppers,- 20®25c; Mex
ican do. - 10@20c ; , Egg 1 Plant from Loe Angeles,
20@25c; ..Summer. Squash,-: from i Los ' Angeles 1
$ 1 , 75@2 ; Marrowfat ' Squash, $8@ 10 ' per ton ' *
Hubbard Squash, ;$8@10; Mushrooms,' 40c®l 60
per' box.'.. -
Poultry and Game. '
•; - : No ; Eastern live Poultry 'was ' placed on the
market '• yesterday, . and as ; the : receipts of .Call-'
f ornia; were light t all ; descriptions ; of 'chickens,
with • the exception : of ; Old Roosters and I Hens.'
had a sharp ' advance.' •"- Pigeons • -'and . Squabs
were also in demand and sold at higher prices..
Prices, of Dressed -.Turkeys had, a, wider' range,
as ;. receipts '.were •, heavy : and •; considerable ¦ poor
stock :.-'! was "J received; $.\ Only .' gilt ,\ edge . stock
.brought: the v top '.quotation. .-'. , .;¦ ".->.-•
- >t Receipts of i Game were 75 sacks. • Geese and
! Hare were .-. neglected and weak. . Rabbits ; and
Snipe-continue to bring. good prices.'. ¦ -
. POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys,'- 15@19c; Live
¦ 1
A decllns In Gas and Electric from $43 SO
to . $42 12 Vi waa ths only noteworthy chang*
on the morning: session of the Bond Exchange.
Th« oil stocks 'were Inactive, as usual.
There, was a sals of Mutual Bank at $75 In
the afternoon. The market continued dull.
Spring Valley Water was ex-dividend of 42c
yesterday. ¦
The Piedmont Oil assessment of 3%e waa de
linquent in office yesterday.
A dividend of $1 per share In liquidation will
be paid on the 24th by the Merchants' ex
change Bank of thla city, which retired from
the banking business in this city In 1S76.
The Chicago Crude Oil Company has declared
a dividend of 1 per cent, or $10,000.
The Homestake Mining Company will pay
the usual dividend of 25o per share, and an ex
tra one of the same amount on the 25th. the
two aggregating $105,000.
The- Home Oil dividend of $7500 waa paid
yesterday; also 60c per share by the California
Fruit Canners' Association and $1 per share
by the California Powder W6rks.
A special meeting of the directors of the Se
curity Savings Bank was held on the 19th to
fill the vacancy In the board caused by the re
cent death of Wlnfleld S. Jones, who was also
th« president. Th« vice president, "William Bab
cock, was promoted to the office of president,
the secretary, S. L. Abbott Jr., was made vice
president and the active manager, and Fred
W. Ray. a teller, was chosen secretary, vice
Mr. Abbott. . promoted. The vacancy In the di
rectory was filled by. the election of Louis F.
Monteagle.
Secretary Rolf of the Makawell Sugar Com
pany states that of the $400,000 to be issued for
improvements, etc. S200.000 will be spent in
developing a new 5, 000, 000- gallon dally watef
supply, while $100,000 will be used In lmprov-
Ing the mills. The balance of $100,000 wtl\
be held In the 'treasury. He states that the la
bor situation In the Islands Is much improved
and that everything is in good shape.
"At the moment therefore there is little rea
son for taking: a pesimUtic view of the situa
tion. The market haa had a period for rest and
recuperation; and those in control may consider
the period opportune for completing some of the
vast plans which have been under considera
tion. If they succeed In their endeavors and
nothing interferes we shall probably see & more
active market during the next few weeks, and
judicious operations to catch the fluctuations
cannot fall to prove profitable."
"Some attention has been given to the re
markable expansion of loans during the past
few weeks. As these are out of all proportion
to ordinary mercantile demands the only con
clusion is that these loans »nean preparations
for important financial operations of some kind.
Just what these are it Is Impossible to say.
There are abundant rumors of Important deals
in contemplation, but nothing definite has yet
been made public. No doubt much of the con
fidence Is due to inelde knowledge of what Is
going on. The outlook, however, is for easy
meney until preparations are in order for the
April settlements. Those who are financing
these deals are not likely to permit any serious
disturbance in the money market which might
Interfere.
"There is every evidence of strong Inside
eupport being riven the market and prices have
Bhown greater strength in consequence. For
•weeks past It has been an open secret that the
big leaders were committed to the bull side of
the market, and were simply awaiting favor
able conditions for assuming . the Initiative'.
Unquestionably the situation is more favorable
to their operations than at any time since last
cummer's ad\-ance. Since then the market has
withstood all eorts of hard knocks. The North
ern Pacific crisis, the failure of the corn crop,
the death of President McKlnley, and other
untoward events have all had their effect In
checking speculation on the Stock Exchange.
Such a. series of heavy disasters in ordinary
times would have precipitated a panic of the
sharpest character; that they did not do so Is
emphatic proof of the general soundness of the
financial situation. These difficulties have im
posed a test to the market that leaves It In
a much stronger position than would have been
the case had the rise rone on without inter
ruption. I was among those who would have
liked to have seen prices touch a lower level
in order to broaden the market and invite fresh
buying. Thle, however, it persistently refused
to do. A good deal of quiet liquidation has
taken place since last July, which has been
very painful to over-enthusiastic operators for
the rise, but leaves the situation under strong
er and better control. Weak holders have been
pretty thoroughly eliminated and the stubborn
resistance to bear attacks has completely sup
pressed all aggressiveness from that quarter.
The technical situation therefore lends ltseelf
readily to upward manipulation.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
The Financial Situation Strong.
side for 8-crown grade. We hear of sales to
day on the spot aggregating 1200 boxes at 6%c.
Two-crown and 4-crown are scarce and quota
tions somewhat nominal. Seeded in cartoons
are in moderate request and f teady. There is
more inquiry noted for peaches and a fair
movement in choice grades is reported. Sellers
hold pretty firmly at quotations. Some buying:
from the Coast Is reported. Dates are steady
and unchanged. Figs are in fair request and
firm. Pears are scarce and for fine gradts there
is more firmness reported. In nuts rather
more Inquiry Is noted for filberts on the spot,
with 8c inside quotations. Jordan shelled al
monds are stronger; nothing now offering un
der 44e, with 45c quoted by t ¦ some holders.
Shelled walnuts meet a | fair interest and the
prices hold fairly steady. Sales of 100 boxes of
straight Bordeaux shelled were reported to-day
at 16%c." * _
STOCK MARKET.
. NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,635 barrels: exports, 3615 barrels. ' Fairly
active, and. about steady.
, WHEAT— Receipts, 151,050 bushels; exports,
68, 140. bushel*. 8pot, steady; No. 2 red, 88%c
t. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, »O%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 86%c f. o." b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 89c f. o. b. afloat.' General 1
heaviness prevailed in the market all day until
the last hour, when export trade and firmness
at the Southwest started vigorous covering. The
early weakness resulted from bearish cables,
the decline in stocks,- liquidation and favorable
crop news. The close was firm at %c net de
cline. March closed 84%c; May, 83 7-16®
83 15-16C, closed 83%c; July, 83%@83%c, closed
83%c; September, 82%@82%c, closed 82%c. .
HOPS — Firm. - , . „
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, easy; dull; No. .7 in
voice, 5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Fu
tures — Market steady and unchanged and closed
easy with prices net 5@10 points lower. Total'
sales. 17,500 bags, Including: March, 5.25®
6.30c; May, 5.45@5.50c; July, 5.65c; September,
5.80@5.90c; October, 5.90c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm. Fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, ¦ 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined, fli m.
¦ . - DRIED FRUITS. V
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— Evaporated • apples
are in fair Jobbing demand and have a firm
tone, but prices remain unchanged. ' .
' State, common to good, 7@S%c; prime, 9@
9%c; choice, 9% @10c: fancy. 10%@llc.
California dried fruits unchanged. ¦ .
PRUNES— 3%@6%c. -
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9%@
12%c. ¦ ¦- . .
¦ PEACHES— Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled 8@9%c.
I ¦ «, ¦ 1 ¦ ¦ ¦ ; .. .... -
New York Grain and Produce.
Receipts of Produce.
TOR THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 20.
Flour, qr sks... 2S.72t|Straw, tons-.... 35
Wheat, ctls 132.610 Shorts, sks .... 250
Barley, ctls .... 10,;: 10 Screenings, sks. 1£2
Oats, ctls 5 to Feed, sks 65
Corn, ctls ...... io» Pelts, bdls t>0
Rye, ctls 550 Hides. No 98
Potatoes, sks .. 1,301 Chicory, bbla .. 02
Onions, ska .... 5 Leather, rolls .. 74
Bran, sks 1.130 Lime, bbla ..... 182
Middlings, sks.. 731 Wine. »al 38.0^
Hay, tons 0I8 Sugar, ctla sIQ
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska... 8HV
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 4,380 Flaxseed, ik» .. 1,620
Barley, ctls .... 207! Corn Meal, iJu. WO
Beans, sks £Ui
Local stocks of Oranges moderate.
Poultry in light supply and firm.
Oats, Com and Rye dull.
Hax in demand for heal consumption and shipment.
Feedstuff s easy, owing to the rains^l^ ¦;
No change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dried Fruits developing more strength at New *York.
Provisions lower at Chicago and dull here.
Nothing new in the Meat or Livestock markets.
Heavy receipts of Potatoes from Oregon.
Onions weak and lower.
Vegetables plentiful and dull, ' ffiS
Canned Salmon scarce and firm in England.
Fruits S dull, owing to the rainy weather.
Limes advanced. Lemons in larger receipt.
Wheat and Barley somewhat lower.
Railroads decline in Wall street.
Local stocks and bonds dull.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
exchange which Increased the threat of gold
exports.- Wherever prices had been • moved up
recently on the presumption; t"hat plans ' were
in prospect for combinations of existing prop
erties along the lines of the < Northern Securi
ties Company, the effect was especially mark
ed; as in some of • the '¦ coalers and the .'• Gould
Southwesterns. The early excitement was suc
ceeded by comparative quiet. . Liquidation pro
ceeded, but in a more orderly manner, ? Buying
for support occasionally rallied the market, but I
It was discontinued, and the sagging tendency
revived. This condition was continued up to
the close, . which was active and easy, but 'not
at the lowest for any prominent stocks.
There was enormous selling for many of the
speculative bonds, especially the Wabash Deb
enture Bs, Baltimore and Ohio convertibles.
Union Pacific convertibles and Consolidated To
bacco 4e, which fell from 1 to 2 points at ons :
time. In the general bond ' list: there was : no
pressure of liquidation. - although slight de
clines were the rule. Total sales, par value,
$5,720,000. . . -
United States 5s advanced %,~ th« refunding
2s %. the 3s Vi and the old 4s i4 per cent on
the. last call.. . ;.- .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. . *
Stocks— . Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 22,400 76% 75 75%
Atchison pfd 7,800 97 96^ »6%*
Bait it Ohio....... 18.100 104% 102Vj 103%
Bait & Ohio ptd. . . 200 94 • 94 IKJ%
Canadian Pacific .. 4,300 115 114 114%
Oanad Southern... .MO. 86 85 & , 85
Chesapeak & Ohio. 1.900 45% 45.. 45%
Chic & Alton 34,700 37% 35% - 37%
Chic & Alton pfd.. 3,500 77% 76 - 76%
Chic Ind & Louis.. 11,500 61%= 59% «OVa
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 1,200 79% 78% - 70 i
Chic & East 111 1.100 140% 139% 140%!
Chic & Great West. 4.800 23% 23%. 23%
Chic & G W A pfd. 200 85 85 84% '<
Chic &G W B pfd. ..... .... .... 45
Chic & Northwest. 1,500 217% 212% 213 .
Chic R I & Pac... 3.700 163 158% 160
Chic Ter & Tr. . . . . 200 16% 16% 16%
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 1,100 30% 30% 30%
C C C & St; Louis. . 2.500 101% 99 100%
Colo Southern .... 10,800 18 17% 17%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 1,200 66% 66 66
Colo SOU 2d pfd .2,400 ' 33% 33 33%
Del & Hudson..... 700 172 171% 171%
Del Lack & West.. 300 282 "-.-" 280 281
Denver & R G 500 44% . 43 43
Denver & R G pfd. 800 92% 91 91%
Erie, 33,000 38% 38% 38
Erie 1st pfd. 4,700 69 68% 68%
Erie 2d pfd SOO 56 50% 55%
Great Northern pfd 1,700 186% 184% 184
Hocking Valley ... 800 67% 67 67
Hocking Val pfd.. 700 84 83% 84
Illinois Central ... 4,400 140 139 139%
Iowa Central ..... 2,600 48 46%' 40%
Iowa Central pfd.. .... ..... 78
Lake Erie & West. 500 67% 67 66
Lake E & W pfd 131
Louisville & Nash. 10,300 104% 103% 103%
Manhattan L 22,800 134% 132 132%
Mertopolltan St Ry | 7,500 169% 168 168%
Mexican Central... 2.700 28% 28 ' 28%
Mexican National.. 3,000 16% 16% 16%
Minn & St Louis... . 1,000 109% 109% 109
Missouri Pacific ... 22,800 102% 101% 101%
Mo Kan & Tex 900 25 24% 24%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 3,200 55 53% ' 54
N J Central ..... ..... 103
N Y Central 4,500 163% 162 162%
Norfolk & West.... 2,100 57% 6(5 56%
Norfolk &W pfd.. 100 00% 90% 88
Ontario & West... 6.800 34 3-1% 33%
Pennsylvania 27,600' 150% 149% 149%
Reading 66,400 57 55% 56
Reading 1st. pfd... 11,300 83% 82% 83
Reading 2d pfd 46,400 68% 06% 07%
St L & S F 4,500 00% 60 ' 60%
St L & S F 1st pfd :... ... 82
St L & S F 2d pfd. 2,500 72% 71% 72
St L Southwest 400 25% 25% 25%
St L Southwest pfd 2.200 5S% 58 58
St Paul 63,200 164% 1«2% 163%
St Paul pfd 100 188 188 . 188%
Southern Pacific ,..160,500 65 03% 64
Southern Railway.. 14,700 33 32% '<'#M
Southern Ry pfd. . 6.600 96 94% 93%
Texas & Pacific... 8,600 .41% 40% 40%
Tol St L & West.. 1.200 21% 21 '21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 3,000 40% 39% 40%
Union Pacific 63,850 101% 100% 101 %
Union Pacific pfd. 4.600 89 88 88%
Wabash , 4,600 24 23% 2i*i
Wabash pfd 11,000 42% 42 42%
Wheel & Lake E.. 1,500 19% 18% 19%
W & L E 2d ffd. ..... .... .... 41™-
Wisconsin Central. 1,100 ' 20% 20% 20%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 500 .41% 40% 41
Express Companies —
Adams ........ 195
American 200 230 230 225
United States 300 114 113 113
Wells Fargo 190
Miscellaneous — ; .
Amal Copper 33,100 69% 68% 69
Amer Car & F.... 1,400 28% 28% 28%
AmerC&FpW.;. 800 87% 86% 87%
Amer Linseed Oil . . . ; . . .* . ooa?
Amer, Linseed O pfd ...... .... "¦• 48
Amer Loco 3,000 31% 31% 31
Amer Loco pfd 600 92% 92 Vi 92%
Amer Smelt & R.. 1,800 46% 45% 45^i
Amer 8 & Ref pfd. ..... . ... . ... 971!
Anaconda Mln Co.. 300 33 32% 3°4l
Brooklyn R Tran. 7,400 . 61% 61% 61%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 2,300 86% 85 - 85%
Consolidated Gas... 6,000 221% 219 219%
Con Tobacco pfd 116% :
General Electric... 1,100 291 289% 289
Glucose. Sugar .... 700 44% 43% 43 Vi
Hocking Coal 300 17% 17% 17
International Paper 200 20% 20 .19%
International P pfd 100 75 75 75%
International Power .... .... 86
Laclede Gas 91
National Biscuit... 100 46% 467; 46V
National Lead 400 18 18 17%
National Salt .... ..... : 23 *
National Salt pfd.. . .... ...] 63
North American.... 100 92 92 91'
Pacific Coast : . 72
Pacific Mail 700 45%. 4514 45a'
People's Gas 2,200 99% 99% 99a!
Pressed Steel Car. 300 39% 39 . 39
Pressed Steel C pfd 700 83 S3 82%
Pullman Pal Car.. 200 219 . 219 218
Republic Steel. 1,500 16% 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,000 69% B9 69%
Sugar .; 39,100 130 127% 129
Tenn Coal & Iron. 47,300; 08% 66 67%
Union Bag & P Co 100 16% 16% 16%
Union B & P Co pfd ..... .... • .... 80
U S Leather 2,300 , 11% 11% 11
U S. Leather pfd.. : 600 81% 81% 81%
US Rubber....... 1.500 15%'. 15 14%
U S Rubber pfd.... 400 65 - 63% 53
U S Steel 33,100 44 43% 43%
U S Steel pfd...... 38,700 94% 93V> 93%
Western Union ... 9,000 90% 90% ,90%
Total sales 1,053,600
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S.ref 2s'reg. ..10s%;L & N Uni 4s... .101%
Do 2s coup.....l08%|Mex Central, 4s.. : 82%
Do 3s reg.. 108% Do 1st Inc....^30%
Dp 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 105
Do new 4s reg.. 139% M K & T 4s..... 99%
Do «ew4s coup. 139% Do 2ds 82%
, Do old 4s reg.. 112% NY Cent lsts.;.103%
Do old 4s coup. 112% Do gen 3%s. . .'.107%
Do 6s reg 100% N J Cent gen 5S.13U-*.
Do 5s coup 106% Northern Pac 4s.. 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 104% Do 3s.....;. T43»
Do adl 4s 93% N & W con 4s. ..103
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO.{% Reading Gen 4s.. 99«.
Do 3%s. 06% S.L & I M con 5s.ll74i
Do conv 4s 100% S L & S F 4s.... 98%
Canada Sou 2ds..llO% St L SW lsts.... 98%
Cent of Ga 5s. -...Ill Do 2ds....... 79
Do 1st lnc 79 S A & Ar Pass 4s. 91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.llO '. Southern Pac 4s.. 94T4
Chic & Alt 3%s.. 84% Southern Ry 6s.. .120
C B & Q new 4s. 95%. Tex & Pac lsts.. .120%
C M&S P gen 4s.. 113% Tol.St L & W 4s. 85%
C & NW con 7s.. 138% Union Pac -4s.'. ..106%
C R I & P 4s.... 111% Do conv 4s..... 106
CCC& S L gen 4s.lO3 Wabash lsts ....118%
Chic Ter 4s 86% . Do 2ds. ...... ..mS
Colo & Sou 4s... 94 ' Do Deb B.:.. 72
D & R G 4s.. 102 West Shore 4s. ..112%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 98% W & L E 4s.. ' 93%
Do Gen 4s 88 WIs Central ' 4s. .. 89%
F W & D C lsts. .112 Cons Tob 4s. . . . C5%
Hock Val 4%s.... 109 ... ;••.••_"?»
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con...... .20| Little Chief....... 12
Alice • ' **5 1 Ontario ...•.....¦ 7 00
Breece 50, Ophlr ...'.......". 95
Brunswick Con.... 07 Phoenix .......... 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 05'Potosl :....•..,. ¦ 10
Con Cal & Va.....l 25 Savage \\' 06
Deadwood- Terra.. 50, Sierra Nevada 1 . ' 13
Horn Silver... ... .1 40 Small Hopes ' r,Q
Iron Silver. ....... 61 Standard ...... "3 «o
Lead ville: Con..... 05- •' "-
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
¦ Money — ' ' ' ' ;• Mining —
Call loans.... S@-l Adventure «i
Time loans .....4©4% Allouez 3%
Bonds — . Amalgamated. . ns%
N EG & Coke... 68 Baltic ........... 41
Railroads-^ Blngham ' v . . : v , .- . ' 22%
Atchison ..... "5% Calumet & Hecla.630
, Do pfd......... 96% Centennial- ..;.. - 1«
Boston & Albany. 2tfJ Copper Range . . . til y.
Boston & Maine.. 192% Dom CoaP ......." sow,'
Boston Elevated.. 161% Franklin . . . .*. . . 14
NY XCH & H...211 , Isle Royale ...... 20%
Fltchburg pfd 146 Mohawk ....... 34
Union Pacific ...101 ; Old Dominion ... 21%
Mex Central .... 38 , Osceola .......... 771%
, Miscellaneous— Parrot ;. ...... "31%
Amer Sugar .....123% Quincy ......... .140
Do pfd... .. ....113% Santa Fe Copper. ,?u'
Amer T & T.....157% Tamarack .:.245 .
Dom Iron.& Steel. :>5 Trlmountain r :. 02 ¦'
Sen- Electric ....288% Trinity. :....¦..-;. | 12
Mass ' Electric... 36% United States' 17 '
Do pfd....:.... U5% Utah ... .....;!; 23W
N E G & Coke.. : 5% Victoria...:.!../ '?6U
United Fruit 88 Wlnona ...... 1 tu
U. S 1 Steel..... ../ 43% Wolverine '......! 5ou
Do pfd... 03% -* : uvta
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. \ . ; .
Consols for money • IjOUIsvl ; &:Naahvll00 '
: r ..:.:....'. ....1)4 5-16 Mo, Kans & Tex. 2554
Consols for acct. . 94% M. K'. & T. pfd; V. 57 '
Anaconda «>% New York Cent:. 167
Atchison • ..:...*. . 77% Norfolk 5 & >: Wstn: 68 -
Aichtson . pfd..:. .»9%|Nor ,&' W pfdr. ..' 92 "
Halt . & Ohio...... 106% 'Ontario & .West.. 34%
Pacific. 117% So Railway 1. .; :v.".339i-
Ches & Ohio..:... 46 SoIRallway'pfd.. t»7
Cl-go G Western.; 2.1 So^Paciflcf .:..;;. 65%
C. i, M & St P . . . . 167 % Union Pacific : .7. 103%
Denver & R G:..44% Union. Paclfic'ipfd. 91 u
•D &,R G pfd..... 94 -: US Steel:.*.... ..44%
Erie.:.:......-...: 3!) U S 1 Steel- pfd.... 95%
Erie 1st pfd.::... 70%l Wabash r.'.. .;.;;. 24?i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
™!* d P fd; — ••• 87 "iWabash pfd'h...-44Ji
Illinois;Central...U4 ISpanish 4s. ........77%
'.;15ar silver, auiet,- 25' 7-16d per ounce. '-';.'
'.), Money.,. 2%^:; per , centra .•-...--. -¦• :.? v . '
-The rate of discount in the open market for
ahort bills la 2% per cent.
- . The rate of discount in the open market for
3 months' bill is 2% per cent. s'VJ..:
r'iNew] YorkjMohey]'Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— Money on call steady
at; 2@2% per cent; closed offered at 2 per
cent; prime mercantile paper. 4@4'4 per cent;
sterling exchange . strongr • with actual business
In bankers', bills at $4 87% ¦ for demand and
$4 84 V for sixty days;. posted rates, $4 S5V.@
4^86 and $4 SS@4 88 'A ;: commercial - bills.
$4 84H?i!4 85U; .bar silver, 55%c; Mexican
dollars, 43?4c; Government bonds, strong;
State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds/weak.
'London Market.
NEW. YORK, Feb.To!— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says'i
.The weakness In Kaffirs is likely to last un
til, the; settlement next Tuesday. All depart
ments of the market are affected, but' American
shares were the. flattest on Attorney General
Knox s opinion \ portending ¦ Government inter
ference and an intimation \- to suppress the
Northern Securities Company ¦ merger. The
market opened firm, but broke on the cable dis
patch regarding the merger. - The momentum
of the decline gathered headway despite New
York s attempt to harden prices. Union and
Southern Pacific led in the fall, 10.000 shares
of Southern Pacific being sold in one block
to Leon at 65%.
Rio TIntos were % flown at 55%. V
Condition of the Treasury.
... . '¦¦..• ¦• ,'J -.. :<¦ / ..'¦¦
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— To-day ' s state
ment of " the Treasury ¦ shows : Available cash
balances, $172,275,083; gold. $86,731,095.
Middlesboro at" 48s ¦ l%d.' - Pig-iron warrants
here -closed at $11 50® 12 50; v No. "1- foundry.
Northern, $17 60@18 50; No. -2 foundry," North
ern.'$17® 18; No. in foundry, 1 Southern, $16 60®
17 50;^ No. 1, foundry, Southern, soft, $16 50©
New '-, York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20. — Gotton futures closed
steady, unchanged to 4 points higher. . '
.;"'¦ Foreign Markets.
¦ LONDON, Feb. 20.— Consols, &4% ; "silver,
25 7-lCd; ; French rentes, ; lOlf lT'^cigJlOir 10c;
cargoes on passage,' rather easier; cargoes No.
1 Standard < California, 30s; cargoes 'Walla
Walla, 29s 3d; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 20.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 4d©6s 4%d; wheat in
Paris, ; dull; flour in Paris, .dull; 'French coun
try markets, weak; weather in England, cold
and . damp. ¦'.. ::-..¦ •¦-/ . ¦ . ¦ .-
COTTON— Uplands, 4 2ll32d.
. • * Northern Business. '
SEATTLE. Feb. 20. — Clearings, $416,431;
balances, 5137,146. • • ¦'.¦".¦¦:•.
TACOMA, -Feb. 20.— Clearings, $107,573; bal
ances; $15,007. * - - ,
PORTLAND, Feb. 20.— Clearings, $436,450 ;
balances, :¦$ 54, 491.
SPOKANE, Feb. 20. — Clearings, . $240,080;
balances, - $28,270.
Northern Wheat Market. *
WASHINGTON."
TACOMA, Feb. 20.— Wheat — Unchanged;
Bluestem, 65%c; Club, 54%c. '
OREGON. -
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 20.— The total ship
ments of wheat (flour Included) from this port
for the week ended to-day were 528,558 bush
els. -Wheat— Walla : Walla. 6B%c; Bluestem,
THE SAN •FRANCISCO CALL, IlRlb^Y, FEBRUARY 21, 1902J
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— I
May ........... 78 ¦ 78% 77% 78%
July: V.'... 78%- 78% 78- 78%
September ..... 77% 77% 77% .75%
'Corn No. 2 —
May. 61% 61% 60%, 61%
July ........... 61% 61% 60%' 61%
September ...... 60% 60% .59% 60
Oats No. 2 —
May 43% 43% 43% 43%
July 36% 36% 36% 36%
September .31% 31% 31% 31.%
Mess Pork, per bbl — - . •- .• ¦ -
May 15 SO 15 80 15 62% 15 67%
July 15 72% 15 92% 15 72% 15 92%
I Lard, per 100 lbs —
May ....... 9 42% D 42% 9 35 " 9 40
July ........... 9 52% 9 52% 9 45 9 52%
Short Ribs. . per 100 lbs —
May.... ..8 45 8 45 8 40 * 8 45
July '........... 8 55 8 55 8 50 8 52%
September \ .... 8 62%' 8 62% ' 8 00 8 C2%
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
? Mm
03
si
¦ V* .
to
1
.3
t
2.
E
Astoria 30.02 56 46 8W • Pt Cldy .42
Baker 30.02 46 3$ SE Cloudy 00
Carson 20.96 62 22 W C oudy 00
Eureka 30. 04 56 44 KW Cloudy 1 '$
£f« n °- 30.10 68 50 N -C oudy .06
Flagstaff 80.02 50 22 SE Cloudy 00
Pocatello, Ida.30.06 50 34 SE . Pt Cldy 00
Independence .30.06 CO 30 S Pt Cldy 00
Los Angeles.. .80.06 .72 40 W L Cloudy 'oo
Phoenu 30-06 - 2 42 NW •««
Portland 30.04 58 48 S Clear M
Red Bluff ....30.10 -52 50 SE Rain' 42
Roeeburg ....30.04 58 52 NE Pt Cldy *34
Sacramento . .30.06 52 50 SE Rain 30
Salt Lake ....30.08 50 30 W Cloudy 'So
San Francl8co.30.06 56 48 SE Rain iw
S. L. Oblspo. .30.10 62 '36 S Pt Cldy T
San Dle*o ....30.04'70 50 NW Cloudy 06
Seattle 30.00 04 40 SW Cloudy 'oo
Spokane 30 . 00 ' 50 32 SW Rain T
Neah Bay 29.02 52 .. SW Rain 40
Walla Walla.. 30-02 54 34 S R^in T
Wlnnemucca'.30.02 48 28 E Cloudy 00
Yuma ........80.00 78 46 SE Clear [oo
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— I
May ........... 78 ¦ 78% 77% 78%
July: V.'... 78%- 78% 78- 78%
September ..... 77% 77% 77% .75%
'Corn No. 2 —
May. 61% 61% 60%, 61%
July ........... 61% 61% 60%' 61%
September ...... 60% 60% .59% 60
Oats No. 2 —
May 43% 43% 43% 43%
July 36% 36% 36% 36%
September .31% 31% 31% 31.%
Mess Pork, per bbl — - . •- .• ¦ -
May 15 SO 15 80 15 62% 15 67%
July 15 72% 15 92% 15 72% 15 92%
I Lard, per 100 lbs —
May ....... 9 42% D 42% 9 35 " 9 40
July ........... 9 52% 9 52% 9 45 9 52%
Short Ribs. . per 100 lbs —
May.... ..8 45 8 45 8 40 * 8 45
July '........... 8 55 8 55 8 50 8 52%
September \ .... 8 62%' 8 62% ' 8 00 8 C2%
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
? Mm
03
si
¦ V* .
to
1
.3
t
2.
E
Astoria 30.02 56 46 8W • Pt Cldy .42
Baker 30.02 46 3$ SE Cloudy 00
Carson 20.96 62 22 W C oudy 00
Eureka 30. 04 56 44 KW Cloudy 1 '$
£f« n °- 30.10 68 50 N -C oudy .06
Flagstaff 80.02 50 22 SE Cloudy 00
Pocatello, Ida.30.06 50 34 SE . Pt Cldy 00
Independence .30.06 CO 30 S Pt Cldy 00
Los Angeles.. .80.06 .72 40 W L Cloudy 'oo
Phoenu 30-06 - 2 42 NW •««
Portland 30.04 58 48 S Clear M
Red Bluff ....30.10 -52 50 SE Rain' 42
Roeeburg ....30.04 58 52 NE Pt Cldy *34
Sacramento . .30.06 52 50 SE Rain 30
Salt Lake ....30.08 50 30 W Cloudy 'So
San Francl8co.30.06 56 48 SE Rain iw
S. L. Oblspo. .30.10 62 '36 S Pt Cldy T
San Dle*o ....30.04'70 50 NW Cloudy 06
Seattle 30.00 04 40 SW Cloudy 'oo
Spokane 30 . 00 ' 50 32 SW Rain T
Neah Bay 29.02 52 .. SW Rain 40
Walla Walla.. 30-02 54 34 S R^in T
Wlnnemucca'.30.02 48 28 E Cloudy 00
Yuma ........80.00 78 46 SE Clear [oo
AUCTION SALES
THE GREATEST AUCTION
SALE OF THE SEASON.
150 head of the finest work, carriage and
saddle horses ever offered for sale in San Fian-
dsco. Second consignment for D. MUler, Mo-
doc County.' All have been driven. Ages from
5 to 8; weights from 1050 to 1550 lbs; sohd
colors. Many perfectly matched bay and blaclc
teams among them.' Every horse guaranteed
as represented. . These will bear the closest ln-
tpectlon. They will be at thia saleayard Sat-
urday,' February 22. Come and see them. Sale
takes place
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1802.
: Commencing at 10:00 a. m. sharp.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721-723 Howard st., near Third, San Francisco.
WILLIAM G. LAYXG. Live Stock Auctioneer.The .SantalFe. carry an chair lC ar
on the! California Limited from San Fran
cisco to Bakersfield.' Leaves, dally 9 a. m?
Also -' stops : at - ; Stockton, " Merced, ; Fresno
and Hanford. WS&UBttKUb&tUBM
To ; Accommodate/: First-Class
¦'."''' Local Travel -
Are not to be compared to -our new/patent
back, flat opening blank books; which cost
no ? more ¦¦ than the 'old ; style arid 'are ; Infi
nitely.- better//! .Wo j are? agents J for
shire • Typewriting,, papers, . Regal ; pencils;
and' headquarters lor.iall' office ; supplies.
Sanborn, Vail', & f.Co.,'741' Market , st. , v*
The Old ¦; Humpbacks
'The box office of Fischer's -Theater, was
thrown open. for the first time yesterday
and a . long line of: purchasers"; Intent \ on
seeing the new place of ; amusement and
witnessing the 'initial performances^'* of
VThe French Maid", was fn attendance., The
sale -was brisk and the . theater • wiU t be
packed to its utmost capacity, on Monday
the : opening night; The interior > of the
house is all but finished and is a marvel
of beauty and. comfort. - The ' finishing
touches .will be put on to-day. "
Fischer's Theater ' Opens;
Arthur ;: Hawley,. a j £ sailor ". \on . the
transport Meade,-; attempted \ last nigtit : to
enter his room- in the Astor. House,- at: 23
Turk , street,' by climbing through;a\win
dow, overlooking a flight "well, :,¦ instead of
going; through the door. ,,He: lost his bal
ance and fell to the -floor, two stories be
low,- breaking his > hip." '-.,• He - was i sent - to
the* Central ..Emergency 'Hospital,- for
treatment/ ; r . His condition indicated ¦¦' pos
sible internal injuries ¦ in addition • to the
fracture. ¦!.
Fell Down a: Light Well.
. PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 20.— For the first
time in the history of intercollegiate sport
every section of 5 the country will be rep
resented in one sets of. games at the Uni
versity, of Pennsylvania . relay : races on
Franklin »Fleld; in .April. . The University
of ¦ Wisconsin [ and ( the University of Cali
fornia has accepted invitations and will
have relay -teams here for the first time.
A. C. Plaw; California's weight man, who
recently threw, the hammer. 187 feet,-, will
meet ; Flanagan ' in •; a : ¦ special hammer
throw. 1 :.-.-".''¦ ':'¦--': •'¦' •¦¦ :: '. ¦ '. •;¦"¦ ; ' - :'- ; : .
Plaw to ; Meet Flanagan.
Speaking of the development of What
com County, Howard stated ; that much
of its. prosperity ,was due to San Francisco
capital. ' ¦
Vlt is the .intention of' the owners of
the Une.V. Bald Howard, "to develop the
water power . of = the Nooksack River - in
order - to supply electric power, .i heat and
light: to the city of; Whatcom.- The com
pany ' will also use ' the ; electric " • power in
the, operation of its .railroad over the
mountain division. v : '
. Clinton. W. Howard of Whatcom, attor
ney for the/Bellingham Bay and British
Columbia Railroad, of which D O -
Mills,. Alvlnza Haywardand P. iB.; Corn
wall* are princpal owners, .is in 'this city
In connection with the affairs of the com
pany. •. , , " •«•¦ ' (
Howard said last' evening that the sur
vey of the route differed from any otner
Hne crossing the mountain :- ranges • in
Washington in ¦ that almost every mile of
the route- may be said. to be freight pro
ducing. .'..-¦ ,'¦•;-¦
The Bellingham Bay, and British Colum
bia Railroad Company, which recently ex
tended Its road from* the' International
boundary line at Sumas into the foothills
of Mount Baker, y has Just completed a
definite location across the mountain
range 'through the Mount. Baker district
into the Methow Valley. . \
bia Railroad Completes Loca
tion; Across Mountains.'- >
Bellingham Bay and British Colum-
SAN FRANCISCO CAPITAL
HELPS WHATCOM COUNTY"
Sixth race, 'one mile— Albert F. • Dewey won.
Dr. Carrlck second, Poyntz thlrd. : Time, 1:47.
- Fifth " race. V selline,:- mile and a • sixteenth-
Strangest won, • Henry of Franstamar second,'
Trebor, third.." Time,. 1:53. :,
Third., race, -¦ six ,; furlongs— Amlgarl won,
Prowl second. O'Hairen third. -Time, 1:18^4.
I Fourth race, ; six and ' a ¦ half furlongs, selling
— Tom Collins won, .The Bronze Demon second,
Kd* Gartland- II third. - Time, - 1 :26. .
- First race, • mile and seventy yards, selling-
Lou • Key won, Lof ter second, . Aisle ;, M third.'
Tim*. -.1:51. .*.¦, •
. Second race, three and a half furlongs, • sell
ing — Dark Planet,- won, -May Allen second,
Honda third. : Time, :44. •
NEW ORLEANS, "Feb. 20.— Crescent City
results: . /. . . , ' ' ;';':¦•.¦¦'-.¦¦¦ ' .¦»'.:
New Orleans Racing.
j PHILADELPHIA, ¦ Feb. 20.— Confined to
her bed < with ! a 1 badly - in jufed , ankle,.- the
result of a fall last week, Miss Gertrude
Gothie, aged- 22 years/was shot 1 dead' to
day by her lover, George Button, 'aged 19,
,who with ¦ his mother ., had come to . the
Voung woman's home-in vv^est Philadel
phia to pay a visit.- Still standing beside
the bed, Button sent a bullet Into his own
breastr.but hls : attempt- to' end "" his "own
life was 1 defeated by, his physicians,; who
say '¦he ( will -recover. --The. young -couple
had been friends for. years, but differences
In religion; youthfulness: and parental ob
jections • prevented them . fronv becoming
married. ;• To-day , Sutton ; and his ; mother
visited ;the'; girl's. -home- and" were shown
to ; her. room oy her mother. % After a' short
stay i the parents retired .to another room,
leaving; the. lovers alone. A.few minutes
later^ several shots . were heard. The ' two
mothers ; hastened £ to'qMiss • . Gertrude's
room." <? where .they » found ;her.; lying dead
in ; bed i with a bullet ; hole. over > her- heart
and another through the right hand; Sut
ton.left .the house after the
shooting r and I- fell i from : exhaustion . from
his:own, bullet wound a: block from/ the
girl's home, v ! - v. i- • ?
KILLS HIS; SWEETHEART^ ; \\U
THEN SHOOTS HIMSELF
Mr. ! Spalding, in his letter of resigna
tion,, says it was because of a request
from these four clubs that- he took the
stand which has brought I the affairs of
the National League Into the courts. -As
the i playing ; season is approaching, . and
there are many financial conditions .to
be • confronted, , he does not wish to fur
ther embarrass 5 them " ; unless . they are
willing to abide by; his policy and con
tinue, I if. necessary, ; with a four-club cir
cuit.. Therefore, he says,- it is for . the
Brooklyn,' Philadelphia, Pittsburg 'and
Chicago clubs to" meet Saturday and as
sume -the responsibility and stand before
the public in .favor of ;. continuing the
fight T or to surrender to the \ opposition
and accept whatever -terms may be of T
fered them. - ¦:'. ~- ;. ¦ .: ;';:,'
NEW YORK', Feb. 20.— A. G. Spalding
announced, to-night that he had tendered
¦his resignation as president of the Na
tional Baseball League, pending a meet-
Ing of the Brooklyn, Philadelphia, Pitts
burg and Chicago club managers, to be
held. Saturday in Pittsburg.
SPALDING RESIGNS THE
LEAGUE PRESIDENCY
BAKU, Trans-Caucasia, Feb. 20.—Dur
ing the course of ; . the , search to-day for
bodies of victims of the recent earthquake
at Shamaka thirty-two persons. were dis
entombed alive. 7 '. . ; , »
LONDON, Feb. 21.— Cabling from St:
Petersburg,' the :'" correspondent of the
Daily Mail says the seismic disturbances
at Shamaka have recommenced and that
a fresh volcano began to erupt vigorously
last "Wednesday. The correspondent adds
that the number, killed in the Shamaka
district's now estimated at '5000. ~
THOUSANDS ARE KILLED
IN THE SHAMAKA DISTRICT
Judge Brown has recommended to Con
gress a change of. the judicial division of
boundaries, as he is unable to care for
the business of this district in addition
to Southeastern Alaska: This will neces
sitate, the appointment of another Judge.
TACOMA, Feb. 20.— Judge Brown has
just rendered .a decision at " Juneau In
volving rich %pla*cei" claims onChisna
River, Slate CreeK and Miller : Gulch 'in
the Copper River country, which will dis-^
courage claim jumping and fake partner
ships. In one case where a receiver had
been appointed he was . reprimanded for
mismanagement of property. A test case
brought against • the Chisna Mining and
Improvement '•. Company over the owner
ship, of a dozen claims on upper Chisna
River was decided in favor of the com
pany. The claims in question are worth
about $1,000,000. Injunctions issued last
year were dissolved and the operation of
claims will increase ¦ the • output of the
Copper River district. ¦ ~- ¦ .. :'
COURT DISCOURAGES
JUMPERS OF CLAIMS
Littell, in company with Fred Salkeld.
organized a minstrel show among the Na
tive Daughters of this city and gave a
performance ' at the Victory Theater in
December,. 1900. The men lived at the St.
James Hotel, and | while ! there met Mrs.
Alice L. Prettyman, wifcof Lewis .L.
Prettyman, a prominent attorney of Port
land, Or. They told the woman they were
men of wealth and would like to borrow
$900 until they received a draft from the
East. They said they were about to pur
chase the New .York ./Bakery. Mrs. ' Pret
tyman gave them the $900 . and did not
know .she hadbeen deceived .' until after
they had left town; I She then charged the
two men with obtaining, money; by* false
pretenses. Since, then Prettyman has susd
his wife for divorce- on the ground of. de
sertion and the case -v is • pending here.
Littell and Salkeld also got " away: with
most of the proceeds ; of the . Native
Daughters' minstrel show.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 20.— George E. Littell,
for whom the . authorities have been
searching for over, a year, has been heard
about from Phoenix, Ariz., where v he is
wanted for a felony. Sheriff Langford to %
day received a circular from Sheriff Stout
of Maricopa County, Arizona, asking him
to watch -for Littell, and statins that a
reward of $100 would: be 'paid for his ar
rest.^ - ' .,.•.'¦ ¦ ¦ '"'¦'¦¦ '..:¦¦¦'¦ . - .,.•¦.
thing New, About a Person
Who Disappeared.*.
San Jose Authorities Learn Some-
SHERIFF IN ARIZONA , ,„ ,
: . WANTS THE SAME MAN
All mortgages except those 'upon the
properties of the railroad company 'are
assessed in this State for their full face
value. In" this" summary -of some ! of "the.
leading facts ¦ concerning ' the - manner ¦ in
which the Southern Pacific. Company has
been favored by Assessors and -the State
Boar/1 of Equalization. may ; be ', found an
object lesson of value: to taxpayers. of^all
degrees 1= thoGoJden State, t v
The mortgages of the three roads
amounted in 1500 to $148,376,220. . The
total assessment on them for purposes of
taxation, as finally agreed' upon by the
State Board of Equalization, was' $36,292,-
S85. - The difference in favor .of the owners
of. the railroads was therefore $112,083,885
in the year. . ''WtBBgV0tBBmUU^^Si
Owners Greatly Favored.
The differences here found in the totals
of the assessments and the face values
of the mortgages on the roads Just men
tioned to recapitulate, particularly for
one year, 1000, make interesting reading
and show why It jls not now necessary to
demonstrate the' differences for a long
series of years In delail. The total as
sessment against the South Pacific Coast
road for taxation In the year 1900 was
$l,O09,€S0. The face of the mortgage was
$5,500,000. The difference in favor of . the
railroad was $4,490,320. The total, assess
ment in 1900 against the Southern Pacific
Railroad of California for the year 1900
for taxation was $22,283,205. The face of
the mortgage was $77,803,000.
The difference in favor of the Southern
Pacific of California was therefore $55,
519,795. The total assessment of the Cen
tral Pacific road in 1900 was $13,000,000. The
mileage was 1362.91 In total; including the
parts of the road lying outside of Califor
nia- The total mortgage on the system
was $120,622,086 70.-. The mileage of the
Central Pacific. In California was 746.75
miles. The mortgage on the portion of
the road in California amounted to $88,570
per mile In common with the' entire Cen
tra' Pacific line. On the total mileage Jn
California the "mortgage must have been,
therefore, at least $65,073,220. This result
is. obtained by nrst - dividing the -. total
mortgage by the number of totar mlle3
and then multiplying the average rate of
mortgage per mile so revealed by the total
mileage exclusively In California.
• The favor granted to J the Central Pa
cific road In the year 1900 as between the
face of the mortgage and the total of the
assessment was $52,073,220.-
Difference in Totals.
The Southern Pacific of California was
assessed in 1880 at $14,733 15 per mile In
1884 and 1S85 the rate exceeded $17,000 per
mile. In the year 1900 the assessment had
fallen to $10,500 per mile. The total assess
ment In 1300 amounted to $22,283,205. This
amount was $8,000,000, in round figures
greater than the. total assessment of 1883.'
But in the period intervening between
1S88 and 1900 the mortgage upon the lines
of the Southern Pacific Railroad of Call
fornla increased from $32,431,500 to $77 803 -
500. The increase on the face of the
mortgage was in excess of $44,000,000, as
against the increase in the assessment of
$S,000 ,000, showing a favor to the railroad
company In the laying of assessment
amounting to $36,000,000 net for that one
year.
The California Pacific was assessed at
the rate of $16,000 per mile in 1SS0 and the
rate fluctuated, reaching as much as
$22,000 per mile in 1S91 and $20,000 per mile
before it was fused with the Southern
Paciric of California. Since then' the rate
has been brought down, in common with
•all the lines included by consolidation
with the Southern Pacific Railroad ot
California to $10,500, which is the rate
now. In other words the Equalizers have
treated this line as they did the -Central
Pacific and have more than cut the as
sessment in two by gradual reduction.
The rate of assessment on the South
Pacific Coast Road was as high as
$15,834 per mile in 1832. It has since been
reduced to $10,500. In the meantime the
mortgage on its short mileage has re
mained stationary at $5,500,000 since 188b.
The mileage being less than one hundred
the mortgage is at the rate of more than
$55,000 per mile, or five times the figures
that the road is assessed at per mile for
purposes of taxation.
Assessments Fluctuated.
LONDON. Feb. 2L— According to the St.
Petersburg correspondent of the Dally
Mail, Cotjnt Tolstoy, who has recently
been gravely ill, is now out of danger.
$59,000,000, In round figures, In the period
mentioned has been added to the Central
Pacific lines in this State.
Tolstoy Is Out of Danger.
Mrs. Nevius meanwhile had" noted the
disturbance, and besides telephoning 'for
the police; got her husband's pistol and
started to give it to him. As she appear
ed the assailant of her husband turned
on her and struck her in the- side, in
flicting a serious stab wound. She man
aged to hand the revolver toher hus
band, who chased .the fellow out of the
place and fired at him as he reached a
lumber yard across the street. The bul
let- took effect in the man's left leg,\ in*
fllcting but slight : Injury. . He was cap
tured by officers and proved to be George
Hinkley, a discharged soldier. He was
evidently drunk. .. . .
SAN DIEGO.Feb: 20.-A bold .hold-up
occurred this afternoon at the Los Banos
baths," when one of the patrons wasap
proached by a stranger, who demanded
his, money under threat of being stabbed.
About that time D. P. Nevius, , the pro
prietor of the baths, came up. and the
fellow turned on him , making the same
demand.* •» , ': : . - • •-.,-..-
Tries to Obtain Money byi Foot
pad Methods.
Discharged Soldier While Drunk
HUSBAND SHOOTS MAN
WHO STABS HIS j WIFE
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— The badly decom
posed body of a man, supposed to be Jean
Balducci of San Francisco, was recovered
from the bay this afternoon at 4 o'clock
off the Oakland harbor lighthouse by L.
V. Thorndyke, a lighthouse keeper. On.
the remains were found a San Francisco
polltax receipt for Jean Balducci,. Clift
House, and a receipt in the same name
from Leon Andre, employment agent, 316
Stockton street, San Francisco. Among
some odds and ends in the clothing were
a number of medical prescriptions t and a
bottle of medicine. This gave rise to the
theory that deceased had committed sui
cide by drowning himself while he was
despondent from iU-health. .
Body Is Found in the Bay.
¦ A teleeram from Los Angeles to The
Call regarding the proposed offer of a re
ward by the State for the capture of the
murderer says that Governor . Gage will
confer with the District. Attorney and the
Chief of Police within ••» a few days and
then he will reach a definite determination
in the matter. He said it was usual in
cases -where- a, large State, reward was
asked for. the civil authorities of the
county where the crime was committed to
present all the facts, at ; their command.
Speaking of the Modpc lynching cases, he
said there were several . extraordinary
aspects in that matter which impelled the
Governor to offer a reward of,$5000 for the
detection of the perpetrators.- .. • ; ••
Dr., Kellogg, City Bacteriologist, reported
yesterday to Coroner ,<LeIand^that;the ex
amination of the blood-stained handker
chiefs found in : the Sutter-street 'houae
had developed. nothing. . ' .,
Nothing has been developed in the Ful
ler.murder case that tends in any way to
throw light on the ' identity of the man
who committed, the crime. The police
heartily indorse the recommendation -of
the Coroner's jury that the Governor of
fer a reward of $5000 for the apprehension
of the murderer. They think that at least
one person and perhaps more are shield-
Ing the fiend and hope that the offer of a'
large sum for his capture may induce
these people to tell what they know.
With San Francisco ¦ Of ficials
Regarding Reward. -
Governor Gage Promises to Confer
FULLER MURDER CASE
IMPENETRABLE MYSTEBY
James Fitzpatrick and Miss Mae A.
Markel were joined in wedlock yesterday
morning at St. Francis Church. Many
friends q£ the happy couple, who are well
known in local social circles, were pres
ent at the church to witness the simple
ceremony which made the couple husband
and wife. Wilson- Misner officiated as best
man and Miss Eva McDonald was the
maid of honor. ..- . •
After the ceremony the "couple and their
friends were driven to Marchand's, where
a sumptuous wedding breakfast was
served. The couple left on their honey
moon on the evening train for the south.
They will make an extended trip through
the southern counties of the State.
The groom has large interests in mining
property in Alaska.
James Fitzpatrick Marries Miss Mae
Markel at St. Francis
Church.
WELL KNOWN COUPLE -\ ',
JODTED IN WEDLOCK
A year ago Rosenbaum met Edith Ed
munds of Los Angeles, whom he believed
was possessed.of great -histrionic ability.
He- aspired to see her become a theatrical,
star, ;'and' prompted, by this"- desire he
wrote a. play j called/.-'Unique,'.'.- which, he
was convinced would make Miss Edmunds
famous. The play, was a story of Rosen
baum's life, j Although an artistic failure,
it was a financial success for a very brief
period. ¦¦¦'¦¦ • ;'¦ . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ •
' Rosenbaum at one time was wealthy, it
Is said, and had a checkered career. He
was ¦ about 60 years of age and leaves a
daughter in this city/. ..
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 20.— H. G. Rosen
ba'um,. better known about, the city as
"Rosie," author,' manager and .promoter
of the play "Unique," was found dead to
day in a South Hill street lodging-house.
Three small parcels of poison, a room full
of gas escaping from an open jet ahda
note left by the man showed, that he com
mitted suicide. • • The note was found on a
stand by the side . of the bed. -"It read:
"Old, : sick and poor, > I 'am; glad to quit.
Make no fuss or ceremony.' I prefer not
to be known. Good-by. I wi3h I could be
cremated. Well, no matter;. plant me. as
I am." ¦'¦¦¦'¦ ¦" • '
Tli«atrical Man in Los Angeles Takes
Poison and Turns on the
' ' ;¦¦. Gas^
"OLD, ; SICK AN3> POOR,",
) THE SUICIDE'S REASON
During Attorney Reed's absence he will
visit Providence. R. I., where some of
the Cogswell interests lie. an-i also "Wash
ington, New York and Chicago.
By Mrs. Cogswell's will $80,000 was de
vised to various friends and relatives and
the following persons receive the remain
der: Harry D.- Skellinger, Mrs. Robley,
MlS3 Robley and Miss Richardson,
nephew, sister and ' nieces respectively.
Alexander O. Richards of San Francisco,
a nephew of Mrs. Cogswell, who was de
vised $1000, has threatened to contest her
will.. .
The Cogswell fortune at the time of
Dr. Cogswell's death was estimated to
be . worth $500,000. Of this amount the
only realty, in the estate Is a gore piece
10x12 feet at the junction of Kearny
street and Montgomery avenue, San Fran
cisco, in front of which is the Benjamin
Franklin fountain, the first of a number
which the whimsical doctor presented to
San Francisco. Fully $200,000 of the es
tate is In gold coin, and this does not
include the $100,000 or more which Is U»
object of Executor Henshaw's search.
Prior to Mrs. Cogswell's death she had
distributed to herself $200,000 of her hus
band's estate. There is as much more, it
13 estimated, to go to her in case the-con
test of several nieces and a half-brother
against the will is decided in favor of the
estate. Added, to Mrs. Cogswell's portion
must, be the* Eastern savings.
That this treasure should have been un
covered is only another evidence of tha
remarkable frugality of the now deceased
couple, and likewise is it another evi
dence of the careful manner in which tha
Cogswells maintained their estate. Not
in speculation in stocks nor in attempts
to increase their fortune by real estate
booms did their bent run. Solid gold coin
and gilt-edged investment securities
formed their holdings.
It was only after the death of Mrs.
Cogswell several weeks ago that the ex
istence/ of the hoard became known. The
gckl was in the name of the aged wife
or the departed pioneer, who was not long
in following the venerable philanthropist
to the srrave.
Executor Henshaw is accompanied by
Attorney George W. Reed of the law firm
of Reed & Nusbaumer, which represents
the executor of the two wills now in pn>
bate in San Francisco.
The Cogswells , returned to California,
leaving tne golden deposit in the bank,
where it has . been steadily Increasing for
three .decades. - '*-«:¦-
In round numbers the hoard of goM
which is the object of Executor Hen
shaw's journey amounts to considerably
more than lloo.Ouo. The original sura,
which is supposed to have been about
Jsso.uw, was ueposited by the Cogsweiia
on the occasion of an Eastern ana Euro
pean trip which they made during the
eariy -W s. It was a part of tne fortune
mat Dr. Cogswell had accumulated dur
ing his early, years of practice .in Cali
fornia, when he earned immense fees ia
the practice of his profession as a den
tist. •
¦ . .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 20.
By the sudden departure for the feast
to-day of ."William G. Henshaw, president
cf the Union Savings Bank and executor
of the wills of the late Henry D. Cogs
well, the eccentric pioneer philanthropist,
of San Francisco, and his wife, Mrs;
Caroline E. Cogswell, is disclosed a quest
for a fortune that has been buried in an
Eastern bank for thirty years by the
Cogswells. All of these years it has lain
untouched, accumulating interest, only to
add after the death of the aged couple
to the half- million fortune they left In
California.
; ALAMEDA, Feb.. 20.— Henry Kunz of
1720 San Antonla avenue was shot at by
a" burglar in front of, his own home last
evening. ; Kunz narrowly escaped death,
and the burglar had an equally narrow
escape, from capture. Kunz owes his life
to the fact that the burglar .was as much
dazed as he and his aim was fmpaired, for
the bullet whistled. close to his head, and
the burglar made his escape in the dark
ness.
: Kunz, who is a liquor merchant, doing
business in San Francisco, returned home
about 7:30 o'clock. Hiss family were away
visiting friends. When Kunz reached the
frontvdoorof his residence he found it un
locked, but chained on the inside,
rattled the. door vigorously, expecting to
arouse some one whom he thought might
be within. Suddenly there was a crash
through a side window, a shower of glass
fragments followed, a man struck the
ground and for a brief time'lay prostrate.
Kunz ran toward him. With an oath the
man sprang up and yelled to Kunz to
"keep hanas off."- • Uttering another im
precation he shot at the astonished Kunz
as he . rushed by him, and ran along San
Antonio avenue toward Union street.
Kunz then entered his house and notified
the police by telephone. All efforts to se
cure a trace' of the crook who would not
hesitate to do murder proved futile, and
it is thought he got safely out of the city
last night. : .¦ ' .
An examination the interior of the
Kunz residence showed , ; that the looter
had -just begun operations. One 1 room had
been , ransacKed , but the burglar discov
ered nothing:there that "strucK- his fancy.
On - the floor j of the room; was found a
steel jimmy, and an empty valise. ." .
BEALTY' IS SOLD "UNDER
THIRD y AN D LAST CALL
City Properties and Also Lands in
Suburbs Find Ready Purchasers
• at Auction Sale. .
# The Von Rhein: Real Estate Company
auctioned realty /yesterday and obtained
good prices for several pieces. The subdi
visions of 4he 50-vara on the southwest
corner of ' O' Farrell and • Franklin streets
attracted much attention. - Lots situated
there were sold. as follows: '" . ;; ,f
Corner, :30xS7:6 feet, to L. Friedman,- $S350;
lot adjoining corner, 27:6x8" :B, to S. Rouda
for $5700; 25x112:6 to J. H. Marshall for $4»50;
25x87 :(T to J. Eliaser. for $5650; 25xS7:6 to S.
Michel for $5600; key lot on O'Farrell street,
20x112:6, to J. Smith for $5300; 25x137 :« to
German church, adjoining property for. $5000.
The former residence of J. C. Stubbs on
Pacific avenue. No. 2519, 'was sold to S.
Lewis for $20,500. Smaller properties were
sold at, the following prices: :
Flats 326-332 Noe street." lot 50x95. STSOO,
Emma La Due; 429 Stevenson street, lot 22:tix
"6. $4500, L..M. Kellogg; northwest corner -of
Pine and Buchanan streets.' 55xSl, with "If,"
$7900; southwest corner ">>f Webster street and
Wlldey avenue, with "if," $5100; southwest
corner of Clipper and Diamond streets to Maria
L. Roach, $1700; three-fourths of block 145,
University Mound survey, to Maria L. Roach,
$650; irregular , block 149, University Mound
survey, to Maria L. Roach, $600; irregular
block 146, University IMound survey, to Maria
L. Roach, $023;. lots 234, 235, 236, Precita Val
ley lands, to Maria L. Roach, $2250; lota 20
and 23, Precita- Valley • lands, to Maria L.
Roach, $1250; lot ; 8, section 11, township 3
south San Mateo County, to Samuel M. Samp
ter, $95; lot 15; • section 10. township 3 south,
San Mateo County, to S. -M. Sainpter, $S0; lot
22, • section 11, township 3 south, San Mateo
County, to S. M. Sainpter, $100; lot 1, Slock
58 town of Monterey,- county of Monterey, to
Maria L. Roach. $25; lot 4, block 10. Capital
Homestead Association. Sacramento, to C. F.
Ross, $100; lots 7 and 8, block 84, Knight's
Addition to the city of Stockton, to Maria L>.
Roach, $25. . - ' . ¦ ¦ -
Thomas J. Keegan, a Rigger, Placed
THREATENS TO KTLL
HIS WIFE. AND BABY
Under Arrest for Brutal
1 -.. Conduct.
' Thomas J. Keegan,- a rigger, was ar
rested outside the Hall of Justice by' Of
ficer McMurray yesterday morning on a
warrant charging j him with threats
against; life. . The complaining witness is
his sister-in-law, Mrs. Hannah • Howard,
1715 -Stockton street, , and the alleged
threats were made, to her by Keegan, who
told her that he : would, kill his .wife" and
three months old . baby.,- . • . -- »" . •. ¦: .\
Mrs. Keegan, a quiet, pleasant; young,
woman, said that she 'had been
to • Keegan- about fifteen months. Since
the- baby was -born- he -had repeatedly
threatened to kill her and the baby. Twice
she bad been compelled to leave her home
at 1130 Kearny street and go to her sister's
home on Stockton street i owing to this
threats, but he had always induced her
to return. \ Last Saturday night : he stood
over her, she said, while she was in bed
brandishing a long- butcher knife and kept
her In mortal terror for her life for some
minutes. ' She went again with her baby
to her sister's house and Keegan called
on her and told Mrs.; Howard he would
not threaten any more, , but would kill
both his wife and . baby ' af the first op
portunity. Keegan" will" appear before
Judge Conlan this morning.
AGED WOMAN FOTJND DEAD
IN A i LODGINCr-HOUSE
¦ ¦¦ - : - ¦ -
Julia Hassett Succumbs to Heart
Failure Brought on by Indul
¦; gence in Liquor. .
Mrs. Julia Hassett, an aged woman,
was found dead in room 14 of a lodging
house at 106% Third street at . 1 o'clock
yesterday, afternoon. Death was due to
heart failure .brought on by « excessive
drink. The body was taken to the
Morgue. ... . ¦ ' - " . -
' Louis Allen, manager of the house, said
he, saw Mrs. HassettUhe previous after
noon and that she was then under the in
fluence of liquor. Afl o'clock' Allen
knocked on her door, and receiving no re
sponse , secured a stepladder ' and looked
over the transom and saw. the woman ly
ing on. the floor. He immediately reported
the matter to Policeman H. G. Clancy and
the door was opened:
• ' Mrs. Hasaett ; had , been living at ; the
place ' for. the past three months.. She has
a son and a ; daughter," .but 'they -were
estranged from. her. Her husband secured
a divorce from , her and the community
property, a homestead in /Vallejo; was sold
and she was living on her share: of. the
proceeds.- The neighbors • say Mrs. Has
sett was a heavy drinker."
Troops for the Philippines.
CHICAGO, Feb., 20.— The.' Second ,' and
Third battalions of , the Twenty-ninth
United States Infantry, _ numbering 800
men," left Fort Sheridan to-day.'.bound for
the Philippines, -via San ¦ Francisco, Lieu
tenant.Colonel-T.F. Forbes in command.
At 'I Manila > Colonek Forbes : will turn the
men'over to Colonel .William Auman.- The
first . battalion : of the • regiment 'was • re
cruited at ColumbU3 Barracks, . Ohio, and
will • join ' the other two at the - Presidio.
The regiment will sail , on the : , transport
Meade March ; 1.' ; Colonel 'Forbes is ac
companied by ; his wife and , three ; daugh
ters.- ¦ •. .-. , '¦" . ".. ¦',:• ."" '¦-¦¦ ¦_•..'¦ : - • ¦
Jeffries Fight for Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. ID-^-Tom McCarey,
presldent'of the Century. Athletic Club, ia
enthusiastic over the possibility.- of; secur
ing ,the '.? Jefiries-Fit2simmbn9 • contest ; for
Los Angeles. The club, will offer a guar
antee of $15,000 for the : fight ; if held - here
during fiesta week,' besides a' percentage
of , the:" gross > receipts. V. This latter^ls. not
announced, . as it- would give other! bid
ders ; a chance. ¦ : It.:is-on" this guarantee
purse that. McCarey bases;his hopes of
securing the fight. ; He says the- money is
ready, to, be put ud in the bank at- any
time. • • • ..•'.'•¦.
The reports of the Equalizers show that
the Central Pacific road was assessed at
at rate of $20,264 per mile in 1S80, but the
assessment was changed from year to
year between 1S80 and 1885. The highest
assessment was 538.312 per mile in 18S4.
There was a drop in 18S5 and again in
1SSS. In 1S89 the rate of assessment per
mile was $17,408 53. and there the rate has
remained ever Eince, not much more than
one-half what it was in 18S4 and 16S3. the.
rate of assessment per mile in the last
mentioned year. 18S5, being $34,238 5L In
this period the bonded debt or mortgage
on the Central Pacific road has grown
from $58,880,000 in 1SS8 to $118,153,458 49 in
1900. The assessment for taxation in this
State, of course, was only upon the mile,
age in thio State, which is 747 miles, ap
proximately, as officially reported. Th»
total mileage of the Central Pacific, in
cluding Nevada, was 1362.91 in the year
1900, so that over one-half of the total
mileage is in California. As the earning
capacity of the road in California is su
perior to that of Nevada per mile, at least
one-half of the augmented mortgage of
At times during the last fifteen .years
the number of companies operated by the
same owners was greater than It is now,
and, therefore, several appear in reports
that will not be reported hereafter to the
State Equalizers. But the properties are
the same lines, subjected only to con
solidation.
In other particulars, it might as well
be said here, the figures are derived from
reports filed before the State Board of
Railroad Commissioners under oath by
the officials of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. The parties in the railroad interest
have therefore furnished the facts, in
their two capacities of makers of high
rates for transportation and low rates for
purposes of taxation, upon which all
statements Included in this article are
based. If they are in error the railroad
people and the State Board of Equalizers
have no just reason for complaint.
Figures From Reports.
Before entering into more detailed state
ments attention will be called to a few
significant facts concerning the decrease
in the rate of assessment for taxation per
mile of railroads which the State Board
of Equalizers has seen fit to make In the
period of fifteen years. It is in the knowl
edge of every one that the earning ca
pacity of the roads has not diminished
in that period, but has greatly increased.
The bonded debt or mortgage per mile has
also greatly increased. The figures that
are presented are taken from the annual
reports of the State Board of Equaliza
tion in some particulars and eo probably
will not be disputed.
This takes in only one line and that for
enly a little less than one-half of the
period of fifteen years. It. does not in
clude tiie enormous taoc dodging . on ac
count of the Central Pacific road, the
South Pacific Coast line, the Oregon and
California in California nor of the other
properties which have appeared under
various names, but all under the same
ownership during a series of years, while
awaiting the consolidation to which they
may have been subjected.
It must be premised here, for the sake
of a clear understanding, and to prevent
the railroad from successfully casting
dust in the eyes of the honest taxpayers
of the State, % that the mortgage debt that
is referred to in this article represents
only the bonds actually outstanaing and
bearing interest at the several dates men
tioned. The roads have been actually
earning and paying interest on the entire
bonded debts of which totals are given,
so that the property has had actual exist
ence. The stock issues, amounting to a
vast sum collectively, are entirely ignored
in this article.
Central Pacific Excluded.
The property of the Southern Pacific
Railroad of California, which carried a
bonded indebtedness of $32,431,500 in 1SSS,
was assessed by the State Board of
Equalisation in thai year for only. $14,000,
000, not one-half of the mortgage. In liWtt
the bonded debt or mortgage of the
Southern facinc Railroad of California
haa risen from $32,4ol,5yu, the figures for
tne Just mentioned year, to $77,So3,5uO. The
total assessment by the State Board of
Equalizers in unri on that road was $22,
iii,2u5. cr Jo5,52u,;.'y5 less than the actual
mortgage for on* road ior one year. In a
period of seven years the differences be
tween the iac-e or the mortgages of the
Southern Paciric Railroad of California
in these several years and the total of the
assessments cf tne State Board of Equali
zation was $21»,b36,3£l.
In a period of fifteen y'ears, it has been
ascertained by The Call after a labori
ous search for facts, the Southern Pacific
Company has succeeded in having its
assessments by the State Board of Equali
zation amount to hundreds of millions of
dollars less , than the bare face of the
mortgages upon its several roads In Cali
f orina. The year 1900 alone shows that the
Southern. Pacific Company's property was
favored in this way to the amount of $112.-
OS3.SS5. Very likely the difference in favor
of the railroad people since the opening of
the Central Pacific road would amount to
one billion, dollars, taking all the lines
that have been the property of the South
ern Pacific Company in the long period
since the '6D's. It is not essential to pres
ent purposes to verify that the amount of
tax dodging In this way represents a bil
lion dollars. .The object lesson presented
to the taxpayers of the State and to the
State Board of Equalization this morning
is sufficiently impressive without any ad
ditional- facts.
Hoarded Treasure Is Found
Lying at Interest in an
Eastern Bank.
Assessments Are Far Under
Face of Mortgages on
Properties.
Mayor Schmitz announced that another
mass meeting would be held at Oakland
next Wednesday evening and the audience
dispersed. '
Resolved, That a copy, of these resolution's
be sent to the President of the United State*
and the Senators and ReDresentatlves of this
State assembled at the Congress of the United
States. ¦ •;¦•¦
Resolved, That. all present at this meeting
act to enlist the support of the Senators and
.Representatives in Congress from California
urging that body to take suitable action look
ing to the . Intervention by the nations. *• with
the view of ending the war by arbitration,' as
suring'the Boers that Independence which they
merit and to which they are entitled by the
laws of God and man, and be It further
Resolved. That the nations of the world
should unite in demanding of England an im
mediate cessation of hostilities, and be it -
Resolved, That the Government of ths
United States should take the Initiative in an
endeavor to have '.the united action of the na
tions taken to that end, and be It
¦Resolved, That it ia the 'sense of this meet
ins, that humanity demands that the war be
tween Great Britain and the Kovernments of
the Transvaal and Orange Free State should
immediately cease, and be it
Whereas, England's policy of extermination
is one that is abhorrent to all Just and humane
people; now, therefore, be it '. ¦
Whereas, The laws of mankind demand that
government. should be only with consent of the
governed, and- ' ¦ . .. - ..
Whereas, The Boers have gained the ad
miration of the world by their bravery hu
mane conduct and patriotism, and - •'• . .
Whereas, The said residents have been
bravely conducting their fight In defense of
family, home, country and the inalienable
right of independence, and
Whereas, The Boer resident* of the Trans
vaal and the Orange Free State have now been
at war with Great Britain for a period of over
two years, and
Dr. Fred W. Lux submitted the follow
ing resolutions, which were adopted with
a tremendous "aye' 1 :
Resolutions of Sympathy.
Father Peter C. Yorke paid his caustic
respects to the British for continuing
what he called their unrighteous warfare.
He declared that the sentiment of patriot
ism among the Boers was too deeply
rooted ever to reconcile itself to defeat.
It was better to die as freemen than .-to
live as slaves. Great Britain was declared
to be the robber nation of the world, cov
eting the possession of the earth in vio
lation of tne moral law, a blood-drenched
power, eager to - extend Its dominion
throughout the ends of the earth, over the
corpses of countless men and by the ex
penditure of millions of : money wrung
from the people themselves. .: It was . the
lust for gold which prompted • this nation
of shopkeepers to otfer up hecatombs of
victims in order that they might possess
themselves of the Transvaal, which pos
sessed the fatal gift of wealth. The Eng-.
lish were designated as a race of hypo
crites, as people who went everywhere as
British subjects and declined to change
their citizenship, although they did not
disdain to run the countries in which they
found refuge. The' leaders in. the present
war were discussed by the speaker, and
the acts of the British soldiery in South
Africa were paraded in scorching sen
tences. Humanity demanded a cessation
of. this unnatrual struggle, which had
wrecked a hundred thousand homes and
broken the hearts of countless wives and
mothers. It was the duty of the American
people, 1 instead of making treaties . with
this bloody-handed . nation, to rise -up in
their might and shout in stentorian tones
that England shall cease her Iniquity and
the Transvaal shall be free. , -
British, Severely Censured.
The struggle of the Boers for freedom
found its analogy, according to . the
speaker, in Washington's superb maneu
vers in the face of overwhelming British
odds. They were determined to continue
the tight until victory was won or the last
Boer man. woman and child was buried
under the sod. The address was frequentr
ly interrupted by vociferous applause, f
.. A patriotic poem eulogistic or- the Boers,
written by Theodore Plnther, was recited
by. Miss M. Butler of Oakland. This was
followed by a" collection taken up by an
array of young women, aft<er a strong plea
for funds by.-, the Mayor. A:, large, sum
was collected. ¦ ¦¦ '. > ¦:
The speaker then outlined the causes
which led to the Boer war and his ref
erences to Chamberlain, Rhodes and other
Englishmen prominent in South African
affairs were greeted with hisses. He re
counted his own experiences as soldier
and otiiqer and described with some hu
mor the affair eighteen miles from Bloem
fontein, when General Gatacre .with 7U00
men. was defeated by. General. Dewet
with less than 500 burghers. The predic
tion was made that the Boers womd con
tinue the war as long as England found
money to pay the expenses. .
Commandant W. D. Snyman of the Boer
army was presented by the Mayor amid
tremendous applause. He said it did his
heart good to see such sympathetic facea
about him and he regretted that there
was not a convenient bird somewhere, to
carry the news to his countrymen in the
Transvaal that San Francisco was with
them heart and soul.
' The platform was crowded with mem :
bers of the league and many citizens and
prelates. Mayor Schmitz was introduced
as the chairman of the evening— an honor
he accepted in a brief expression of his
sympathy for the Boer cause. His re
marks were greeted. with cheers. ' ¦
The, mass meeting held under- the au
spices of the Transvaal League to ex
press sympathy for the Boers in their
struggle for independence filled all avail
able seating space in the auditorium of
Metropolitan Temple - last night. An in
teresting programme was ¦ rendered, and
the enthusiasm, with which the various
speakers were greeted indicated that the
sympathy of the: vast majority of those
present was for Oom Paul Kruger and his
storm- tossed people.
"There has been too much familiarity
between the members of .the department
and Dr. Bazet to suit me. I intend that in
the future Dr. Bazet shall not treat any
officer or any member of his family ex
cept that he is officially told to^do so. It
has been a common practice for policemen
to send for Dr. Bazet. presumably in the
hope of gaining his friendship. Then
when the officer is subjected to a physical
examination » he. of course, expects that
the Police Surgeon will give the best of it
I don't propose that the men in the de
partment shall be on such friendly terms
with the surgeon. If an officer is really
sick Dr. Bazet will be sent to his home to
treat him. When one of his family is
taken ill, however, I do not intend that
Dr. Bazet shall be called in. By this
means I hope to stop any familiarity be
tween the Police Surgeon and the mem
bers of the force."
Hereafter Dr. Bazet, the Police Surgeon,
will not attend to the Ills of the members
of the Police Department or their rela
tives unless he is ordered to do so by
Chief Wittman. Last evening the head of
the department issued ah order which was
read to the watch, notifying, the' patrol
men that in case of sickness among them
selves or their families under no consid
eration must they summon Dr. Bazet.
Many of the officers were* considerably
surprised after the order had been read,
as they looked upon the medical gentle
man as one of them.*
In explanation of the order Chief Witt
man said:
¦ Deceased was : about fifty . years ; of age
and a . native of Germany. , An inquest in
the. case will be ¦ held ' to-morrow.
Breidenstein' had for several -months
conducted', a . poultry ; ranch near Elm
hurst. He was unmarried and his near
est relatives in' this country: are' said to
reside in the East. Dellembaugh -states
that while Breideristein.didnot enjoy the
best of health he had never heard him
speak of suicide. .- ¦}-• ;•
The sulqide had "evidently swallowed a
large dose of the deadly drug and then,- as
he writhed about .In : pain, fired a leaden
missive into his brain and ended his suf
ferings.':. Breidenstein took' his life, some
time last; night," for yesterday he, was in
Elmhurst and conversed with his friend,
F. Dellembaugh, who Identified the body
at trie local Branch Morgue this evening.
>. .'•:.v.'r -,•.'¦....,... .-..,,- .. .;:.:¦¦ '. -.- .
¦> ALAMEDA, Feb. ; 2O.r-rStrychnlne and a
bullet were the means used by; August
Breidenstein ' tor terminate his ¦ life £ in ¦ a
clump of willows near the Fruitvale ave
nu» bridge, where : his body -was|discov
ered'-this morning 1 by '- John :McGlll and
Daniel Kilcue, two of the crew > employed
on the steam-' shovel at work on: the tidal
canal.' '.' ¦ ; .. . ' ¦ ¦' '.'¦¦' ; '•' '..'¦ . '
. Patrick had told me to say If all was over
that "Mr. Rice. was very ill/' and that was the
message I gave. Patrick said: he would -come
over, but that he did not .want to get' there
before .Dr. Curry " arrived. They reached the
house ' together. I met them and told them
"He 1 is -dead." Patrick' exclaimed :¦..¦ "Oh, my
God! That Is the worst thing that could have
happened to me." He told me beforehand that
he Intended to say that to deceive Dr. Curry.
The doctor said he would heed an undertaker
and Patrick said: "Yes, and, a death certifi
cate." Dr. Curry made out the certificate and
the ¦ undertaker was sent for. Patrick visited
the room where Mr. Rice's papers .were kept
and took away -with him all the papers he could
find. Patrick talked to me,- in Dr. Curry's
presence and gave no hint, of anything wrong.
Mr. Hlce was far from well and 1 fell once
when he tried to leave his chair. : I picked him
up and laid him on hl3 bed- and. he" went to
sleep. I wrote a telegram and went out to
send it. - I telephoned Patrick and he met me
at the telegraph office. Patrick said it was
time to give Mr. Rice the chloroform; now
that ' the draft had arrived from . Texas and
Captain Baker was coming we should lose all
we had gained if Mr. Rice was not put away
at once. • I objected that I never agreed " to
do anything of that sort, but Patrick insisted
and I yielded. I made a cone ' of a towel
saturated with chloroform and placed it over
my own face. I felt the - effect and. then put
more chloroform on it .-and; went Into Mr.
Rice's > room. He was still 'sleeping, § i I j put
the cone over' his face and ran .out of* 1 the
room. - There was a violent j ring . at the door
bell just then. and I looked out and 'saw some
one. I think it was a woman, but I was too
excited to be sure. ¥ I went back to Mr. Rice's
room. - He was lying just as I left .him. - I
took the towel off his face and put nt in . the
fire. It burned.,, Then I opened .. air the win
dows and telephoned to -Patrick. ¦¦'-.'. ; '
. NEW. YORK, Feb. 20.— -Charles F. Jones,'
the valet who turned State's evidence,
gave some interesting testimony to-day
during the trial 'of Attorney] Albert T.
Patrick on. the charge of murdering Wilr
Ham M." Rice, the Texaa millionaire. "-'The
feature : of Jones' testimony ' was/ his de
scription of the death of the old million
aire late on Sunday afternoon. Witne'ss
said : , ¦ , .'.¦<•¦
Thinks_the Physician Might
Be Placed Under Too
' Much Obligation. V-
Resolutions Are Adopted at
Meeting. Which Favor
Arbitration.
His "Dead Body Is Found in
Willows Near Fruitvale
¦¦¦»¦ v 'Avenue Bridge. '
Search Reveals $100,000
Belonging to Cogs
well Estate.
Jumps Through Closed Win
dow and Fires at Henry
Jxunz. ¦
Valet of the' Millionaire Gives
Testimony Against Patrick,
•the Accused Attorney. "-:
Southern Pacific Dodges
Taxes in Startling
Amounts.
Chief Wittman Forbids
Men to Employ the
Doctor.
Explains, the Manner: in
Which Chloroform >
Was Given> .¦ . >
To End Existence August
¦ ¦;: Breidep stein ' Uses :"
: u ,i Double Means.
Disturbed Nighty Prow-
ler Uses Ready
PistoL
British Policy ' in South
Africa Is # Bitterly
Denounced.
MORE GOLD
TO ENRICH
THE HEIRS
BURGLAR MAKES
VICTIM A TARGET
EQUALIZERS
FAVOR ROAD
BY MILLIONS
JONES TELLS
HOW RICE DIED
POISONS ,THEN
SHOT HIMSELF
POLICEMEN MUST
IGNORE BAZET
CAUSE OF BOERS
GIVEN APPROVAL
THE SA2J FRANCISCO CAJ^L.,^ FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21^1902^1
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Indirectly Caused tha Death of
the World's Greatest General.
It is a matter of history that Napoleon was
a gourmand, an Inordinate lover of the good
things of the table, and history further records ¦
that his favorite dish was fried onions; his
death from cancer of stomach, it is claimed
also, was probably caused from his excessive
indulgence of this fondness for the odorous
vegetable. ¦
The onion is undoubtedly a wholesome article
of food. In fact has many medicinal qualities of
value,' but it would be difficult to find a more
Indigestible article than fried onions, and v
many people they are simply ¦ poison, but ! the
onion does not rtand alone In this respect. Any
article of food that Is not thoroughly digested
becomes . a source I of disease and - discomfort,
whether it be fried onions »3r beefsteak.
The. reason why any wholesome food Is not
promptly digested is because the stomach lacks"
some Important - element of ¦ digestion. . Some
stomachs lack peptone, others are deficient in
gastric Juice, still others lack hydrochloric acid.
The one thing necessary to do in any case of
poor digestion is to supply, those elements of
digestion which the stomach lacks, and nothing
does this so thoroughly and safely as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Dr. Blchardson, in writing a thesis on treat-
ment of dyspepsia and Indigestion, closes his
remarks by saying: VFor those suffering from
acid dyspepsia, shown by sour, watery risings,
or for flatulent dyspepsia, shown by gas on the
stomach, causing- heart trouble -and difficult
breathing, as well as for - all other forms ot
stomach - trouble, the • safest treatment Is to
take one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet 3
after each meal. I advise them- because they
contain no harmful drugs, but are composed
of valuable digestives, which act promptly upon
the food eaten. I never knew a case of Indi-
gestion ¦ or even • chronic dyspepiia which
Stuart's Tablets 'would not reach."
Cheap cathartic medicines claiming to cure
dyspepsia and Indigestion, can have no effect
whatever in actively digesting the food, and
to. call any cathartic medicine & cure for Indi-
gestion Is a misnomer. - "
Every druggist . In the United States and
Canada sells Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and
they are not only the safest and most sue- <
cessful. but the most scientific of any treatment
for Indigestion and stomach . troubles. -
fDR. MEYERS & CO.
/specialists tor me*.
- Established 1SSL Con-
sultation and privat* boo*
tree at offlca or by xxlaU.
Cores guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST. ;
' BAN FRANCISCO, CAJU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is nourishing and
comforting. ,
Jenifer cur look, *« Mellin's Food ¦
Babies^* It is free.
Mellin's Food Co.. Boston, Mass.
Tt D TT C TJ 1? C F0R BARBERS. BAK-
JDJllU OO.ILO «"• bootblacks, bath-
houees, h'.llard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, caady-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmtlls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, ehoe factories,
Etablemcn, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manu'acturers. 609 Sacramento Sfc
Oirr nnUII Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL mm
r-,».i • valises checked free
X t.,uB elgn&tare Is on every box ot ths genuine"
. Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
th« rexaeOj theX cares a cold la one <Uy. :THE SAN FRANGlSeb: GALL, FRIDAY, FEBTGtUARY 21, 1902.
10
SAK FRAXCISCO 'CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The' San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 32 o'clock- every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— -t>27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. " •• .
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. :
6S9 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkln street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1011 Mission; street: open until 10 p. m.
££C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ortll 9 p. m. . . <
109 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
-1096 Valencia street: .onen until 9 p. m.
. Northwest corner Twenty-Fecond and Ken-
tucky Ftrwts* open untU 9 p. m.
-grOQ TMlr^nrg ctr^ot: onetl trntll 9 n. Tn.___
MEETING yOTICES.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. -jgaaatt^K
F.— First <m) DegTee THIS i^SSS
(FRIDAY) NIGHT, 8 o'clock. : =S-3$S?s5?
. February 2L Memorial HalL ¦¦ffilw'
Vifitors corfliaUy invited.-
W. H. GIBSON. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary.
CAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18, K.
O. T. M.— Review VHIS (FRIDAY) /^S*
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer £%} (atfa
Hall, 24 Fourth st . Vst^vSar
H. H. CASTLE. \|g£^y
¦. '. Record Keeper. T^ .
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian » cr >.
Club THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. 3y, Ctua
Scottish Hall, 117 Laxkin Et i&AX*
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAS.H. DUNCAN., Secretary.
IfORMA Grove No. 5. U. A. O. D-— Reg- xfto
ular meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- tpy
ING. 413 Sutter et Third Degree.
F. E. CALER. Secretary.
ASSOCIATED Veterans of the Mexican AJ/^
War — Special meeting of the associa- ?»*s
tlon at hall on SATURDAY, Febru- AiA
ary 22, at 6 :30 p. m.
• W. C BENNETT. President
WM. L. DUNCAN, Secretar>'.
THE cubllc is recuested to take notice that
the barber-shops will close on Washington's
birthday at 12 noon. . SATURDAY. Feb. 22.
By order of the Barbers' Protective" Union.
ROBT. OPPENHEIM.
KOTICE of Meeting of Stockholders — Office of
the Union Trust Company of San Francisco.
Kumber 2 Montgomery street,- northeast cor-
ner of Montgomery and Post' streets, San
Francisco. Cal., Jan. 9th. 1902— Notice is
hereby given that pursuant to. a resolution
of the boird of directors of the Union Trust
Company • of San Francisco, a corporation,
adopted on the Ota day of January, W02. at
m. meeting of Eaid board, duly held at the
office of eaid company, in the city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia, a majority of the members
of said board being present a meeting
cf the stockholders of eaid company will be
' held at the office and principal place of busi-
ness of said corporation, to wit, in the rear
- room on the ground floor of the building on
the northeast corner of Montgomery and Pest
streets, known as No. -2 Montgomery street.
In the city and county of San ' Francisco,
State of California, said building being the
J building where the board of directors of said
corporation usually meet, and said room bc-
. Ing the room in said building where the
etockholders of said corporation usually meet
on THURSDAY, the 27th day of March,
1902. at 3 o'clock p. m., for the object and
purpose of thereupon considering and voting
upon a proposition . to increase the capital
Ftock of eaid corporation from $1,250,000 00
'divided into 1250 shares of the par value
of $1000 00 each chare) to $1,500,000 00 (di-
vided into 1500 chares of the par value cf
$1000 00 each share). By order of the board
cf directors. kue?4|K
VTNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
<Eeal) By I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Hakalau Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
etockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com- \
pany will be held at. the office of the com- !
pany, 327 Market St.. in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, on
¦WEDNESDAY, the 5th day of March, 1902.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing -year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
th* meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday. February 21. 19C2. at 3 o'clock
p. m. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the ,
stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company 'will be held at the office cf
the company. 327 Market Et. in the city
and county cf San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, en SATURDAY, the 1st day of
March. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
lor the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to eerve fcr the ensuing year, and fcr
the transaction of such - other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. February 18,
1902 at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. — The regular annual meeting of the
: Etockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market Et, In the c'ty and
county cf Ban Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 2Cth day of
February. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to Eerve for the ensuing year.
nPSIXESS CHAJfCES-— ConttnTie«I. ?
A— «150; BAKERY in Alameda Co., situated on
main driveway; doing a fine business; a rare
1 chance for right party. Call R. G." WILKE,
26^ Kearny 8f. ¦
A— $425; DELICACY and dairy produce etore
Tn Mission et. ; 3 living rooms; rent $20; daily
receipts about $25. CaU R. G. WILKE,
Kearny st. .-.-.. -'-"'• - - '¦• ¦'
A— $750; OYSTER and chop bouse." surrounded
by leading hotels, . clearing above $150 per
month and . established years. Call R. G.
WILKE. ; 2(fe Kearny st. ' Y
$650- CORNER Faloon on choicest .part of
Montgomery Et. ; place paying; c first-class ;
good fixtures; large stock. .. For , particular*
fee R. G. WILKE. 26^ ¦ Kearny Bt.
$850— HOME restaurant and delicatessen etore;
2 room*: rent $30; near Geary and Leaven-
worth Ets.; a good paying business; rare
• chance for man and wife. Apply.' R. 'O.
- WILKE, "26% Kearny «t r
X $S00; DAUtY produce, and. delicacy store
on Hayes st; rent $20; ljving rooms; good
business. .Call R. G. WILKE, 26%' Kearny.
A— $450; RESTAURANT on Fourth st. close
to Market: rent $30; good paying -business;
value in sight - Call R. G. .WILKE, 26%
Kearny st - - .- -¦'•' '-,'¦'
A— $750: SAIX3ON established years; close to
Kearny and Bush sts. Call'R. G. WILKE.
. 26% Kearny Et > ¦ ;
A— $450: COFFEE »aloon and restaurant • on
Fourth St.; rent. $25; daily receipts about
$25; owner to leave for Nevada. CaU R. : G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years: first-class paying; located-
close to Chronicle building; bargain; : call
roon. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A- — OUTSIDE office man for business that will
pay $150-$200 month; fine opening for young
man with $350. 'ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A— 22 LODGING-HOUSES for sale; from $8C0
up. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
A— SALOON; close to Market; on Third St.;
well stocked; good - fixtures ; 2 yean.', lease;
this is a bargain. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A — STATIONERY store; close to large school;'
good corner; $1900. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A — RESTAURANT and oypter house on 4th st. ;
doing good bys.; $400. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
THE salmon cannery business is the most
profitable business in the world. If you do
not know this to be a fact call UDon our
agent in your city and let him tell you about
' it The Interstate Fisheries Company of
Seattle. -Wash., incorporated under the laws
' '. ¦ • ,:. ? • -I \ SPIRITUALISM. '¦'¦ ", V p. ;
A— Ci V. ' MILLER; < world' s . famous materialis- •
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance;
Tues.,' Fri.;; Sun:, 8 p. m. ; 50c.' ! 10S4 Bush st."
MRS. '¦J.rj. 1 '. WHITNEY.' trance,. bus.: medium;
, . life reader ; ' medical clairvoyant ; sittings, $1 ;
letter. $2. 11C4 O' Farrell st. : 1 Ellis car. .Y
JOHN SLATER— Circle. 250,' to-night. 8:13;
tests to all;isittins«. 10 to 4. ¦ 1809 Stockton
Bt., . near Greenwich ; c phone , Red . 5455. ¦¦:'..
MRS. HARL AND' S circle to-night; sealed let-;
ters ans. ; . 10c ; life readings dally. 132 6th.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
> phone ; Polk 1601 ; seanpe s Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c.'
MME. M. BERNARD. ; '¦¦'"'_. . Y " ~" "• "' - ""¦"'.
¦- , -/• THE FAMOUS - \ . '.:'-..¦ - "
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third, st, next 'Examiner; bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,"
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium; and you will- be told \ how s to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of lifet 25c
up; eatiEf action guaranteed. Tel; Black 4569.;-;
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave., : rooms > 25 and
: 26; taka elevator;. Perfect ¦ satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send . stamp for - pamphlet,
with special terms. : Dally and Sunday. , ., /
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and \ up ; ; satisfaction to ', everybody ; ,
' open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m.v 215*£ Oth..
ISMAR, the Egypti.an Gypsy, clairvoyant and;
palmtst, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, , 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. . m. :
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant.'
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; frpm 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
WASHINGTON'S birthday materializing? Be-
ance to-morrow, 1 p. m. ; 50c. .1084 Bush st.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234% Sixth stYv •'>
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, - card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
EMPLOYMENT (WANTED— FB MALE.
COMPETENT,' < r eliable young '. woman i wlshes-
;:;position as , nurse * In t- private " family;";; refer-
;ences.;\; Apply at 1532 ' Polk st.' ." . •¦- - '-
GOOD Vcompeteiit cook wants a " position ; small
J* washing; ,. no< postals answered. Call at , 522
¦ : ,Third:st..i_; ,.-,;.--:'- y- : - Y-'- '.'' ¦* ' ¦" '- ¦ -
GERMAN, woman" wishes 'work -.by.- the J day;
. ¦¦'¦ laundress ¦ or ¦ housecleanlng; ¦ $1 50 " per day.
'._.¦ Addres8'I781 Halght . st ; . • ¦';,¦; - -¦:'-' ' -'-'
POSITION- as', cook -for small country ' hotel.
'-¦¦'Box 3828.; Call 'office. ¦' ,; ': •
A RELIABLE woman, good worker; would Uka
'.chamber, work, and mending linen in hotel for
. .board and -room -for: husband 'aria self;.hus-
--, band . away, all day. ¦ M. M., box 4025, Call.
AS matron;.' a reliable and thoroughly com-
I ; petent .woman ¦ desires position as hotel house-
| keeper, 'or would take charge of private place.
, tBox 3944.'. Call. ¦ . . .. - - ¦ '.' -•'. ' -
YOUNG- French girt wishes < situation ' for up-
; stairs > work in a private family; ' $15 c up.'
; Apply 816 Larkln st , -:':¦¦_ .•''--- >"* '
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do. cooking
.;.>. in American : family; wages $30. ; [ Box 4028,
Call office. .,-;: . ; . . :
A GOOD cook wishes situation. Please call at
•. 335>Tehama ; st.,; between Fourth- and - Fifth.
WINCHESTER House,. 44 Third st, near Mar-
:.]ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
; • to $6 : week ; ; convenient and respectable ; free
.;> bus and baggage to and from ferry. .; .'.--,. . '
CLASSIFIED. advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A* BRANCH, of flee . for Call | advertisements 'and
--. subscriptions' has :¦ been established at , 1006
Valencia Et. ... .'.....¦ ¦'•-. ¦-¦ "• ' ¦-"¦¦¦
S EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
¦ 1 ; :__:;'':
YOUNG English ' gentleman, age 23, recently
.arrived from Australia and having a thorough
' practical • knowledge of ' the requirements of
; the; colonial market, -together : with a : . sound
'English training, Is desirous of obtaining a
•"•position with a commercial house; willing to
• adapt himself;- moderate salary; references.
- Box 4029,. Call. , . --*.•
YOUNG man of 25, Danish, < sober and reliable,
wishes work. on ranch; thoroughly under-
stands horses and cattle; good place - more
, , : than wages. Box 4037, '¦ CaU ' office.
YOUNG ' Frenchman, : speaks Spanish and little
.; English, desires a position as waiter at table
or> do " general work In private family; good
references. 1 'Box 3812. Call. .-.-' ¦-..-¦-'
STOUT young man wants >work of , any, kind
; that y/lll pay fair 'wages ; handy all around.
;,HELPJ WAiyTED^-FEMALE-^-Coii.^;
GIRL ; for ¦ general housework ; 2 ; In family ; no
• • washing; wages $15 , to $20. : Call ; at - 2722
r'* Sacramento' st." •' '..:'-¦"',-¦ •-¦-,--¦¦ * • ' : ¦
GIRLfor. second ; work and i sewing.* Call 2701
v Sacramento . st. U before . 12 ; or. after 5.' . ' -; " ;
LADY ;¦: help' to ' assist -with housework;- 10 to
4:30,daily.Y 1511 Baker st. V. Y ' \ . ' ."
WANTED— Business woman of ability as man-
ager. Box 3818, Call office. '
A GERMAN, woman' as governess; state? re-
¦ : Ilgion; salary $30. Box .2994.. Call. . .'.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.'subscriptions has been established at 1096
'Valencia st "_. • ¦ ¦ - ..* -;.V' .
HELP WAKTED— MALE. :
MURRAY & ' READY. :'.'.'. '. ..634-636 "Clay - st
;.: ¦ .......:...:.. Phono Main 6848. V. .\ .........
........Leading Employment Agents.. ......
........... .Office Open> 7 a. m.. ...;......
. . . .TO THE ' SAWMILLS AND -WfOODS. . . .
-.... A. sawmill ". and " woods' ' crew wanted ....
< ! ............ See = boss here to-day . . . ;*. .... . . .
" Engineer,' stationary ...:.. . . .$60 and found
-Donkey engineer .....". .'..¦..*.'. .$50 and found
" Blacksmith ¦ for ' mill and woods.. $50 and fd
.". Spool. tender ...... .... ...;... .$52 and found
.: Lumber tower man ....... ...'..$40 and found
Logging man .$35 and found
• '-. . Block tender .'......... . ; ... . . .$40 and found
.20 woodsmen and snipers.. '.'..$40 and found
. 4 crosscut sawyers and tree fellers. .$40 & fd
4 lumber pliers, $40 and found; 15 wood-
choppers - $40 and found; tail sawyer. $ 45 to
$50 and found; 4 barkers, $40 to $45 and fd.
...... ..See boss at our office to-day....:.'.".
... . ,'. '.-.": MISCELLANEOUS ... . . .". . .
5 south; call early. .....".. ..... $67 60
Farmer and wife; see boss here. '.$40 and fd
, Married laborer for. mine, see boss here....'.
'• Man and wife, private place, city;. $30 and fd
Y" 4 laborers, $60; 10 ' farmers., $20 to $30 and
- ' found; 5 choremen and boys p 10 milkers, ' $25
to $40 and •found; 75 woodchoppers for a big
job, "75o to $2 50 and found; 2 shingle bolt
; makers, " $1 50 per cord;. 15 tlemakers, • 10c
to 15c each ......'..:..'....'... .....V. ....'...
Coachman; good place,, near city. .$35 and fd
Cook hotel. $60; second , cook $35; short-,
order, cook, $35; cook, . country hotel, $45; 10
waiters. $25 to $35 and found; 10 kitchen
hands. $15 to $30 and found >. . . .............
MURRAY & READY... ...'634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' S...... 104 Geary st
Wanted— 100 tunnelmen, header and corner-
men, machine men, • drillers . and muckers
......:............... $2 to $2 60 a dayi
Free fare .'..Ship daily.. '.Free- fart.
\ HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
WANTED — Recruits for '. the marine corps, U.
S.- navy; > able-bod led. unmarried men of good
character, 'between the ages of 21 and 35; not
; less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply. at the Recruiting.
- Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. . - -
WANTED — Men '- to ' learn -barber . trade:' eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
. - Gordon' a Barber College. Los Angeles.i Cal.
WANTED— Reliable yourfg man with $85 cash
for • cigar ¦ stand; $10 week; no experience.
BROWN &.CO.. 122V Market st. upstairs.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. ' HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart st
"WANTED— Chinese cook to do downstairs
work; references required. 2505 Broadway.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
-. to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged._half
„ price.. 663 Mission st , : bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third ; st'. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, - 25o ; night: - reading rooms;
¦ free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch- office. 2200 FUlmore.
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been established at i«w
Valencia st . -¦'¦-. • -'.__ : _
-- A: HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
PERCHERON stallion\Blackwood. • 2100 lbs :
. . also 4 mares. W. B. COLLIER. 124 San-
some st. city.; ¦ - «. . . Y '
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold ;¦ new ; stock ¦ always on
hand. 1499 Market st. corner Eleventh.
ONE business horse. • also well-bred mare, for
sale. 2453 Mission st ¦ . •
AN A No. 1 express .wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
¦ : HOUSKS TO LIST.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
'.-"., HOUSES. FOR SALE.
NEW sunny house, 7 rooms; large basement;
-van"- fino Inratlnn. Cnrfni. »«P TtToil.. Sat
; MOyEV TO I.O ATT-^C«J«*Uiif<.
LOWEST rates on furniture, : etc, by private
party no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room's, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON salaries without. Indorser; other • proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on nalary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western -Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Dldg.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR . SAI^.
BOILERsT^engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
4 H. P. MODERN gasoline engine ...$133
20 H. P. boiler and engine, complete.. .S30O
; 30 H. P. boiler and engine, complete. . .|350
8 H. P. boiler • and engine, complete. . .$15O
5 H. P. boiler and engine, complete... $125
H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale, formerly of
516 Mission st ' -
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st :
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE — Carpets, stove, kitchen utensils. la
small flat; bargain. Address box 4036, CaU.
GAS engine, 1 horsepower, for -sale. Shirt
store. 635 Valencia, st.' .
Wall paper 3c, worth 10c; paperhacging, palnt-
' Ing. Merigan, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
YOUNG fresh Durham cow; 18 to 18 quart*
rich milk daily; gentle. 83 Shotwell st
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg^y.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order: complete; cheap. ~ 1915 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-naad.
.and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HXR-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. » Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
of that State, making its stock fully paid
and absolutely non-assessable, offer a limited
amount of , its stock to ¦ you at 1 15 cents per
share and say positively to you that the next
block goes at 25 cents. Look into it at once.
INTERSTATE FISHERIES COMPANY. 302-
303 Pacific block, Seattle, Wash., or branch
office, ERWIN & CO., 1104 Market et, worn
3, San Francisco, Cal. ' : '-V' •
FOR Bale — The only brewery In a large county;
about 60,000 gallons brewed and sold; could
be enlarged at small expense; large lot of
6 acres with Tgood buildings; price $1S,000.
SANDFORD & VACHELL, 138 Montgomery
- st. S. F. ..-¦--¦¦¦¦
A — 10 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1500;
profits ?2 to $8 daily; rents $8 to $125 month.
.1 can sell you a first-class stand at invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott . building,
825 Market st.
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st, rooms 18 and 19.
' Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, , grocery .
etcres, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above..- '
$3500 — LIVERY and feed stable; well stocked:
old established; hasn't changed • hands for 7
years; .owner- retiring, on account of -other
business. RETSLOFF & CO.. 906 Market st
FOR sale^ — Retail hay and grain business; es-
tablished 15 years; splendid retail' location on
main- thoroughfare; capital necessary about
$1200. Principals meaning business "address
box 3974, CaU office.
PARTNER wanted; a great opportunity for
right man; to act as salesman on ladies' cus-
tom garments, or tailor. M. P., box 4039,
CaU office.
GOOD home and splendid business chance com-
bined; 7-room flat and store; must ' be ¦ sold ;
half price. Owner. 454 34th st.,- Oakland.
For sale — Printing office; worth $1200; next "0
days $500. 1069 % Broad way, r. 15,' Oakland.
$200; PARTNER wanted — Good place forsteady
young man. 40 Ellis Bt, room 31. .
A SNAP — Delicatessen and confectionery; your
own price; see It to-day. 88 Third st, rm. 2.
GENTLEMAN with small capital, ' speaking
English, German, French and Spanish; thor-
ough bookkeeper;' extensive European and
South American experience; desires employ-
ment or partnership. Address box 4033. Call.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf I specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND. & CO.,
j Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton st
YOUNG North German/, retail liquor dealer,
¦would buy interest in small brewery or
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;. German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
50c, $1 — Prof. Weller; clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader;mail orders;stamp for circ. 1007% Mkt.
.MRS.- B Baumann,' well-known fortune teller,-
has removed from. 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names glvep; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
. N COLLECTION : OFFICES.^- ¦-.)
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 91C Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush.
194; able body of attorneys. ¦ , ; - ¦ .- ¦¦ -
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. ¦ Room 310. 927 Market : st.
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R.W. King,
• attorney. Examiner building. 6th floor. ..'.•
¦ ' ¦ TOTTAGES--TO LET.. _
FOLSOM, 2326 — Cottage,' 1 rooms and bath;,
rent $22.: . ' -
A" COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent $9. 1 Lombard
¦> st, near Hyde. - ' - - -'¦'¦' '. .
COTTAGE, 3 rooms, newly papered. 709% Har-
rison st. (rear>: $7. . ¦ ¦ ¦ .-.-.-
. > . DENTISTS. ,
I^dTt.'s, HIGGINS. 92'TMarkeT^trSnma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-,
able prices; pure gald fillings. $1 50; other
fillings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. > $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that . look
natural and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction. , , ". • . .
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, -bridges'
and fillings; extractions or, fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years"
experience ; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.'
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm.'7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-'
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates.extractlonsfree. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2..J.-W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st. cor. Mason-
Expert. painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given ; lady attendant. R. C. - ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager. , '¦
A NEW- plate — The Whalebone^ — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fllllngs,50c;.
plates $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental' Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates: see my new
unbreakable bridee: both warranted lifetime;
. Address -W.. M., box '4032,. Call. ¦ . .',¦
WELL educated young man, good stenographer,
'knowledge ' of .' bookkeeping, seeks position;
salary $50 month. Box S834. Call.-, ..¦*¦",.;
COACHMAN gardener who knows his business;
12 years' reference.- C. G.',*box 3829^ Call.
BUTTERMAKER wants position ; 22 "i years'
practical experience in building, repairing
and operating creameries. Address box 4024.
"Call office. :, . ; ' ... ~-
AN honest and attentive' young man wants sit-
uation; has one year's experience in labora-
1 tory; willing to do anything. Box 3645, CaU;
Oakland. -' -' : ; .-¦ .
ELDERLY, man wants work; private family;
horses; garden, cooking; useful in' general;
wages -no, object; references. .' Box 3647, Call,
• Oakland. ;¦¦ . .. ;, -.-. . Y
AN experienced' coat | operator from- Michigan
J wishes to get a job. on pants; has a little ex-
v. perlence. Address box 4023, Call office. , r
BAKER wants position as second-hand; ; coun-
.try. Box; 3824. Call. V Y
GERMAN with thorough knowledge of English
and Spanish desires' position as correspond-
ent, assistant. bookkeeper or similar employ-
ment;: best city, references. Box 4014, CaU.
YOUNG man desires a position as bookkeeper;
has : a knowledge ' of stenography. Address
box 3216. CaU offlpe. ¦', ....... . Y
FIRST-CLASS cook' wishes a situation in hotel
. or good , boarding-house. D*.. L., 275 Steven-
son St. ..: .' ' ,; -'-.' ¦''•¦-. ¦-.-• -.
SMART. waiter; being also a good all-around
¦ cook, -wants occupation. 5 Howard • court,
v between Fourth and Fifth sts. . .
F. M. JONES and JOHN J. NEWMAN, surgt-
B cal and medical nurses; Al references. Tele-
phone South S57; residence, 206 Van Ness av.
A HANDY man wishes a situation in a hotel
. in city- or -country;- furnish good references.
. P. ; B.,-317-' Jessie st. ':¦¦>,¦-•'• ¦. :
POSITION 'as porter, wrapper or assistant
-packer by March 1. Address N. LINTON,
435% Minna st. Y . '¦: Y . ¦" ¦
JAPANESE ¦ wants position to do cooking,
/wait at table, etc., in American family. Box
.4038, Call office.. ¦ .-¦:-¦¦¦¦
JAPANESE^boy wants situation in, family; a
; : schoolboy. '¦¦ H.. 414 Stevenson ' st. ¦ . ./¦ ':
JAPANESE wants .position to . do work of any
• kind between 6 and 9 p. m. SME, 3S-40 Third.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH for Call advertisements and
¦ Blacksmith, country shop, $3 a day; 2 driv-
ers for milk wagons, $30 and $40; 100 tie-
makeis, : 12c to 14c .' .'
., HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
French or Italian chef for restaurant $100;
• second cook, $70; broiler, $70; 2 waiters, same
1 country hotelr $25; short order cook for chop
" house, country, $40: neat young * man " to
' carry on* dishes and learn waiting, ¦ country
hotel, $25. • '¦ ->
............ LAUNDRY HELP :
> Ironer, first-class hotel ¦- laundry, country,
$10 and found and fare paid; all round laun-
dryman, country, $40 and ' found; head laun-
dryman, country hotel; $30; laundryman, $30;
2 assistants, $20; hotel laundry, ' country. -^
C. R. HANSEN & CO...: ..104 Geary st
COACHMAN. $30 - and found ; ' J anitor, $40 ;
'• Portuguese- milker, $30 and found; fruit
• farmer and wife, $40; man and wife, private
family, $30; first-class gardener for city;
driver for milk wagon, $50 to' $55; 2 wood-
\ choppers $1 25 cord; 2 blacksmiths. $45 and
\. beard and $2 50 day; ' and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento Bt. . ;
2 BUTLERS, $35 and $50 and found ;: restau-
rant baker, $i0.week; hotel waiter, country,
$26; restaurant porter, $25, and others. J.
F. CROSETT * CO.. 628 Sacramento st
AT W. D.EWER & CO.' S, 610 Clay ~st— Piano
player and sing, ' country, $60 and fare paid;
plain gardener .for institution/. $25; gardener
for private place, $35 to $40;' man and .wife
' for private place, $30; man to care horses
. and assist gardener, $25; cook for bay boat,
• $40 to $45; laborers for sewer work; $2 a day;
- driver, for i milk route. $40 - and found. <
ANDRE'S Office, 816 Stockton' st— Six men for
grading worR, private grounds, country, $1
a' day; gardener, milk 1 cow, etc, private
¦ place, near city, $25; -camp cook for 20 men,
$30; cook, near city, $40; cook, small res-
taurant, "540. etc. ' - -.. Y ¦ ¦ Y.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgom'y, rm. 12.
Japanese, cook, housewk; 2 waiters, city, $45.
BARBERS — All , ; barber shops > must ' close at
noon . Saturday; February. 22 - Washington's
birthday, as . it is a legal holiday; all Jour-
neymen Darbers . violating v this rule will be
- fined $25. By order of Local No. 148.
¦ GEORGE BARRETT,. President.
JOS.' BLEILY. Secretary. . . ..,'i. ¦
SALESMAN, experienced traveling; large man-
• ufacturer .of eeml-porcelaln ware -wants
etrlctly up-to-date - energetic ¦. progressive ¦
. salesman for coast territory; have established
trade In- first-class- shape; will make one or
two years' contract ' with ; man capable ap-'
I proachlng best trade; : one who ' can ; show
successful and clear road record; salary, ex-
Pierce and- Stelnerl Geo. Moore, 63 Po'rtola.
¦_ HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMEJff 1 .
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
* by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
¦ room 39. 139 Post St. Llebes building.
LOST AJTO ; ITOUXP.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and . Loan Society of San ¦ Francisco in the
- name of MARY B. WELLS; No. 256-342.
The finder will please return to bank.
PARTY who took umbrella by mistake, with
, owner's name engraved, ¦ from Remington of-
fice, 211 Montgomery st., please return saraa.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of ' San Francisco.' in the
, name of KATE McQUAIDi No. 115-408. The
finder will please . return to . bank.
LOST— A pass book with tha Hibernja Savings
and Loan Society . of San Francisco, in the
, name of CHARLES W. DICKEY; No. 241-
206. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Dark ' blue overcoat' - In . Mission. Re-
ward if returned to S18 Grove st. -
$25 REWARD for the return of a tabby cat
with bell around neck stolen from 1039 Page.
MATRIMONIAIi.
GENTLEMEN -. wishing , to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, -also cleaned' and- sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. .HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st ; tel. Bush 421. -.'..- - -
- MEDICAL. ,'¦•...;
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped \
relief in all: cases taken; the most obstinate
' cases have been relieved by my. medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate' nature; all classes of female
' complaints treated ; relief to the longest cases ;
.all . private , diseases- successfully treated;
. blood diseases cured, 10 to 30 days. DR. G
. W. OtDONNELL, 1018 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity,' Berlin, 'midwifery cases; takes ladies
, before and during confinement;', best care;
..confinement $15; rm., board, $5 wk.; infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
I resid., 606' Guerrero st, nr.' 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable -ladles* specialist;
30 years' experience: instant relief Etiaran-
BIISCELI*A2fEOUS WASTS.
WTLL pay cash and good prices' for old" seal-
skins. Address at once, wilt call anywhera
within 25 mllea of city, box 3276, Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coat*; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 .Stockton st; phone Bush 484.
TXLTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; teL Jesala 2851.
MUSICAL IXSTRPMEyTg.
A'i Factory Pricee^-W* ar« cutting prices be-
cause our new building and hall will not b«
finished as guaranteed by contractors. w«
¦ will have no room, for stock for two weeks.
100 pianos of ail different makes must b-»
rented, stored, sold or shipped. We also
wish to show you how cheap a cheap piano
can be sold — new pianos such as are sold
as bargains from $185 to $275, we will sell
at $98. - To give you a real piano bargain
we have some in all makes, slightly used.
from $25 to $350.
-^^ HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary st, opp. Union Square.
AGAIN wi remind you .that our piano stock,
both new and second-band, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the : most . reliable
makers to* choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. - SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
¦ ner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of good reliable pianos that we
are going to offer at very reasonable prices
has Just been received; no one can afford to
buy a piano elsewhere If the best piano for
, the money is wanted. Wissner. Decker and
Baumeister pianos in all styles sold on pay-
ments if desired. THE • ZENO . MAUVAI3
. MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st _^__^_
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $23 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
BON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
& Hamlln. Vose, Sterlins pianos.
BYRON MAUZY^ 308-310-312 POST ST.
Sohmer, Byron Mauzy, Lester, Spielmann.
Hamilton pianos; Cedlian Piano Flayer, best
in the market; . fine large room : for . storing
pianos.' $1 per month: pianos to rent. $2 per
month up; new pianos from $175 up; every -
- thing warranted to be as represented. .
ANY piano sold by us taken back any. time
within' 2 ' years "and full purchase' price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. • KOHLER & CHASE. 30
ar.d for the transaction of .such other busi-
ness as may ccme before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Feb-
ruary 15, 1902, at 12 o'clock m.
- H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY — The regular an-
nual meetins of the stockholders of the Kil-
auea Sugar Plantation Company will be held
st the office of the company, 327 Market Et-.
!n the city end county of San Francisco,
Ftate of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
tvs of February, 1902. at the hcur of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board cf Directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction cf such other
tnsElness as raay come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Febru-.
ary J4. 1902, at 3 o'clock- p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received en application to mine . by the hy-
- draulic process from R. A. Pemberton. in
the Princess hydraulic mine, at Igo, Shasta
Orunty. to deposit tailings In Dry Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
rocm 59. Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.,
on ?Jprrh X 1902. at 1:30 p. m. _^
ADOPTION.
A 2-MONTHS brunette boy; a 0-months blue-
a eyed boy. and a boy and a girl Infant 3 days
old. EMILIE KUKKE, 1416 Eighth st,
Alamefia
AGENTS WANTED.
TRAVELING salesman for Wyoming: side line.
FARRANT Glove Mfg. Co., 276-278 Valencia
et.. San Francisco. Cal. ¦ •
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
t by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st
ATTORNEYS AT UW.
H. W. KING.- atty.. Examiner building, room
61-3: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE Tree; divorces a specialty ;<julck; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 630 -Market et. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldsr.,927 Mar-
K»t rt.: oonpultatloT' free: no fees In advance.
UlCVCLES For Sale or ExehnnKC
ALLEN is celling Eureka bicycles fast; ewell-
pf=t thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
wholesale liquor business. Adress Conflden-
tial. box 4020, Call office. •-
AN established self-running business 10 years'
standing; handsome revenue.; must ¦ be sold;
principals dealt with only. Box 4017, Call. ,.
ANY one wanting to buy oyster and chophouse
or shooting gallery call and Bee me; too much
work for me. 523 Pacific st
IF you want to buy or sell a business of any
kind call at 135, 5th st, LOWE & DARLING.
FOR sale— $65; a cigar stand at 140 Third st
FOR sale — Restaurant- in the Mission; estab-
llshed 15 years. . Box 3S20. Call office.
OYSTER house for sale. Fifth and Howard
streets.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A Any -House Sold on' Payments.. .;;.. A
20 rooms; clears $125; payments......,, $1000
25 rooms ; clears $140 ; only ............. 1350
.16 rooms ; • Eddy st. ; reduced to ......... 900
5 rooms; flat; bargain ..'.::...'. 2Q0
22 rooms; 3d st: clears $100; payments. 700
10 rooms; Jones st. corner; only 275
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms. ......... 300
68 rooms; corner; clears $400. 3E00
17 rooms; clears $75; only.V............ 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60.......... .450
13 rooms ; very good ; rent $50. ......:.. 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.; phone John 531.
906 Market st, cor. Ellis, room 12.
WINSTON & WOLF. .". IV. :.:'.. ...
1020 Market st ...1026 Market st
(Photograph Galley Entrance.)
20 rooms, rent $60; must sell.......... ..$1100
20 rooms, rent $65; good -location........ 950
26 rooms, rent $75; near Sutter st. 1700
29 rooms, rent $75; offices; good.. ....... 1400
40 rooms, rent ?75; see this 1700
We Have Many More -Such Bargains.
A — McDATCIEL. SKIEM & CO.; ¦¦ • . ¦ -
. 893 Market rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2S11.
' Following only a few of our bargains:
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market st: only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only: modern building; must sell.
¦ 22 rooms;'. Howard; rent $52 50; only $SO0.
Money loaned at lowest rates.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
¦ 850 Market et....(Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and. real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates. '
; . . Something new every day. '
¦ New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,: ~~~ ¦ .: • ¦ • •¦
850 Market st, and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22. 23.^!flaitfki Phone Bush 323.
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. : Brown. . 54 6th.
MEYER 46 CFarrell. late of ' ' 6 Turk st. ;
y crown and bridge work; gas specialist
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
. Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c
DR' E. P. SHEPARD. 14 G eary st ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth '. without ' plate. DR. H. • G.".
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st ;
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815*4 Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
less ext. 50c; platea S5 up; phone Polk. 1135.
DKESS3IAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut^ 1019 Market Bt.
FRENCH accordeon and knife 'pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELT S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at thp Hospital. 510 Golden Gate a\-e:Y
~~- '. EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop: work: thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st.7-S.:F. ;
catalogue free. ., ; * ¦.,:¦.' \. : l-' ;¦¦¦<-'.'¦ : ; ,r'
AYRES' Leading" Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month ; $50 life ; scholarship . guaran-
tees a complete bus. education;- shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, . penmanship,
spelling, : Spanish, etc. ; . experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. -free.
S. - F. BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 ¦ Market - st— Big
school because ltV best; Our Gregg short-
» hand students write 200 .words a 'minute on
-. test 1 . Typewriters; at home free to . students.
Nine positions last. week. - - . ¦-'. ¦-¦¦".
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24' POST ST..
B. F. — Thorough i^ourses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and. night; catalogue free. .-.
A — The LYCEUM, ' an "' accredited • preparatory
¦ school for the university, : law and medical
colleges; references, 1 President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.' Phelan. building. - Y ¦
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this • advice . . worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.;
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet ; School, .
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st .:
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners; college
.-graduate & bookkeepers, in account's; figures.'
TARR, . expert accountant, ; 219 Parrott bldg.;
ENGINEERING^-Civll, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
subscriptions has .been established at 1096
Valencia st. " • ¦
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted,' guaran-
teed and financed; .stock I taken In payment
- for services;, good (propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
-AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
stock brokers. 326 Post. st. Y - .
PACIFIC, Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
' have ' 42 ' of fices In operation; new. method of
placing stock3-and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
» or address main office; 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
'¦:•£.,- SYJ FLATS ' TO LET.' r . . ¦
FLAT, 9 rooms;- all modern Improvements. 018
r.) Eddy st, between Franklin and Gough.- .
GOUGH, 1205, . near O'Farrell — Upper flat of 8
.¦¦rooms and- bath; fine porch. -,.". Y-;. : Y-
UPPER flat, 3 rooms; newly papered ;^$9. ' 659
,: Jessie st.-, 'lbove Seventh. ..---¦ . -' -* -
TO ¦ i,ET~FURNISHEb.
HANDSOMELY furnished modern . five-room
flat for sale' cheap. .647 Ellis st.
FURNITURE! FOR SALE. Y
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $43 50. wlthiNo. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— Furniture of 6-room -flat, . $450; $200
:,cash. - 156 Eddy st. Y Y
Y FURNITCRE WANTED.
A. -WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.,' pays highest
¦ price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
:-¦¦.¦. ; r -'¦ GLOVES. . ¦'•'.."„'.:
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
warranted : kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
Y r HELP WAXTED-r-FEaiALE. _ _V
WANTED^-3 cooks, some Wash, '• $30. : $35; 4
second girls; $20, $25 ; restaurant * waitress,
'$8; 3 waitresses to-go south, $20, $25; Ger-
.-. man nurse for Honolulu, $25; housework, Los
\ Gatos, $30; ;Belmont, $25: housekeeper =$20;
• mother and daughter as cook and second girl,
$35; man and wife, city place. $30; also: a
large number of girls for all klnd3 of house-
- work, city and near- by towns. Apply to J,
•F. CROSETT & CO.'.- 334 Sutter st. ,- •
3 WAITRESSES; southern resort; $20; , full
fare advanced. MRS. M.. E. DAY & CO..
835 - Geary ; st. . : ¦*• L
PLAIN laundress; "hotel work; $25; Arizona;
" fare paid. • , MRS. M. E. DAY. & CO;, ; 335
"fipnrv. Bt i ¦ .. . ' . ¦'•'¦¦¦. ¦'-.'¦-¦ -¦¦-¦-
penses ana commission; prerer man unaer an
years. Call Friday between 1 and 6 p. ; m.
- or. Saturday between: 9 a. m. and 6 p. m..
Palace Hotel office. Ask for B. H. CORBETT.
WANTED-r-An experienced : calendar and ad-
vertising? salesman;, only representative and
first-class men need apply. The Hayes Lith-
ographing Company, . publishers of . the Dia-
mond -B Lithograph; advertising specialties,
Buffalo -N. Y. ¦¦':-¦ -.¦-..¦. '"-.
WANTED— Experienced silk ' and dress goods
salesman.' Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' • .
WANTED — Experienced - domestlo salesman.
Apply between- 8 and 11 a. * m. _ at • HALE)
BROS.' ¦-¦¦•¦. : - ; ' ¦ - . .-¦¦¦"¦¦
WANTED — Young man of good address, who
. has had experience as floorwalker; state age,
experience and salary expected. Box 3S36,
Call office. ' .
WANTED — Competent bookkeeper to ' go to
Seattle; salary. $50 to begin with; give ref-
' erences; bonds required. Address J.- 6. * K.,
box 4027, Call. ' ' .-. '-.;.. : ": y :.:: Y Y
WANTED— Stenographer, either sex, ', knowl-
edge bookkeeping preferred; permanent posi-
tion. Apply in person C.'T. BO WRING &
CO., 215 Battery, bet 11. and 12, Feb. 21.
WANTED — Experienced .'feeder on ¦ - platen
presses. Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO.,
741-745 Market st. > -. •
WANTED— Young, man with $250 cash; .tend
cash and assist restaurant ; $50 " month and
board; no experience. . BROWN, 1221 Market.
SOBER and steady cook for German boardlng-
X3 house. Apply P. * C. . German . Cooks* Society,
6 Taylor st, between 2 and 4. : '. - ;
WANTED^ — Steady man with' $125 cash: per-
manent place; light work; will pay. $65:per
month. Apply 1016 Market St., room. 10. • •
EASY chance to > make money: best proposition
on the market; $2 to $10 easily earned daily;
- Investigate. 7 »93 Market at., room- 1. •¦•.-•
BARBER i wanted . for Sunday; wages ,$2 50.
j602 Halght st. ".-.' .
A ;- ¦ ¦ ,- .' ¦ ¦ - . ¦' - -
BARBER wanted . at 289 Seventh' st '-.'.-'"
WANTED — Good barber Friday, Saturday and
; Sunday. 1805 • Howard st
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale. 88 Ellis
¦ -] street. . '.. \ y . ¦ _. ¦¦• y.- . - ' ; .- - ?¦:¦;. ..'.- '
WANTED— For country, sash and door bench
hands.. Call 575 Mission st ; - . ~
BOT wanted for grocery store; with little ex-
. -perlence. 1740 Eddy st. '- . . . :
WANTED— Ex-soldlers and sailors at 630 Mar-
Yketto file claims for, extra pay.'sO. E.Howa.
. teed; home: before and during confinement;
¦ infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult : the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office. 1223 Market at; 30 years'
' ' experience " in obstetric and other cases. "
DR.' and MRS. WEGENER, ladles' physician;
private home for confinement ; babies adopt-
ed; formerly- 1312 G, G. ave.; now 112 Mason.
HINDOOHERB . and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement 1126 Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies* physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. V. Ma-
ternity Home, 8O6 Market st, opp. Fourth.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladle*'
specialist; a private homo before and during
confinement ; . best medical - care ; low fees.
DR: NG.TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposlta
- Union square; all, diseases cured by herbs.
MINES \ AXD . MINING.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, Examiner big., S.
F. ; branch office,'. Nome.' Alaska, season 1902.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
FOR sale — Property • of the I Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada ¦ County, 15 . mllea north of Auburn; 2
patented . claims, 8-stamp quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for, selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine- open
for inspection. ~ Further particulars from A.
MEISTER. Sacramento, Cat
¦ ¦_-_ - »10XE^l'O.tOAS. ,--'-_I"
HE^tMAN^MURPHY^ 603 Examlnar buiiding".
.$4,500,000 at lowest rates. . ...:....
'. ' 7.~, . — . On first ¦ and second : mortgages ..... . .
.Life Interests in estates : . . . .
........Property being held in trust........
.'...'.Undivided interests in real ' estate. ....
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
- ...... ...7.. If < You Need Money....;...;...
• SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN. CO. (Inc.),
. $300,000 at by* & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
. second mortgages, ¦ life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real . estate and legacies ; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN.
JiATTAN LOAN. CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. *
: First, second '. and third mortgages. .........
Undivided Interest in real estate in frobate..
1 Mortgages and legacies bought;. no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
-..:....... R. : M CCOLG AN .
'..'.......24 Montgomery st, room 3.W. .....
, MONEY TO LOAN. —• ? ~ "^
or arreii st. ; estaDU3nea isou.
A FIRM'S failure to realize Immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go; easy payments; other storage uprights $40
up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son, 23 5th st, Ivers & Pond agts.
OUR pianos.' the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE' 3
, PIANO FACTORY, Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic . pianos now on display
- at the new music store of Tha Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 931 Market st
STOCK of pianos turned over to ma to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood big.
BARGAIN, great iacrlflcs; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS^ SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st, near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
- modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gata ava.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac».
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg.. 827 Market st. • of-
nces with light, heat and Janitor. $15 to $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
SUNNY offices just below Kearny st ; ' $10;
also large store. Keys 636 Clay st, room 1.
LARGE stable and loft. 1615 Folsom st, bet,
- Twelfth acd Thirteenth: $15. ; ¦-. •
; > on*.
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. In good order: all sizes;
-. * cheap. H. 8. "WHITE, 130-132 BeaJ* st.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 Q. Q. ava. ; teL Polk 1423.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 8d st: tel. Red 3521.
Papering room, $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
fonable. Painter. 5C2 Stanyan: tel. Park 15.
_ -^_. _.._ _ _:__.__ _^ wu^- .^^
MRS. E. PEARCE. scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13, The Vendome, 1101 Market
St.; hours from » a. tn. to 10 p.' m. . • :
MME. O. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st. corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
erg; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln st i
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WAHEL1XG canaries and all kinds of song,
¦ talking and fancy birds; gold flsh, pet stock,
cageE. globes, aq*Jariums; bird and animal
food of ail kinds. 1546Market Et.,bet.8th & 'Jth.
_JUURUIXG^ KOU CHILDKllgy^ *
MOTHER'S care for 2 or 3 children; home com-
forts; playroom: large sunny yard; lowest
terms. 1C07 California St.. above Polk; phone.
HOOKS M31V AMJ OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946..
Ul'SIKESS CHANCES.
¦JOSEpiTis^AUB] ' ~~*
¦if.-*- JJ&O Market gt. cor. Stockton.
.Telephone . Grant 177.
Kcal Eslate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold,
llents Collected. ¦
Loans Negotiated.
- L»>ciUmjite Businees ¦
. Agent
¦ Do you want to sell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address.
A— Good-paying saloon in the , vicinity of
* the newspapers; corner; very reasonable.'
A — Bakery -and - restaurant; on principal
. business street; inveeticate.
- • A— Buyerg waiting for coffee galoon. - ¦ ....
A-KREDO & CO., 14 Flood building ¦ '¦ '
A rare opportunity:... 809 Market st.
A— $350; cor. grocery and bar; with 4 sunny
rooms: rent $25; good, bar trade.
A — $900; cor. grocery and bar; worth $2000;
account of tickness; prosperous business."
SSno — Candy mfg. and icecream; $15 a day.
*S50 — Candy mfg. and Icecream: downtown;
fJOO — Bakery, candy and notions; rent $10.
$350— Restaurant;. $450 — Chophouse; • $250—
saloon. . y •> ; •• '< :
(2500— Partner for mfg. bus. K REDO & CO.'
A. — $300; PARTNER wanted; suited 'to, steady
young man satisfied with 518 to $25 a week;
no experience required;: trial ¦ given " before
' feuyl&g. 28 Geary Et." room 4. - *
t
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city. -,
A — . -Near the Call building.
' - Telephone Black 1-8-0-3 '
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., rms 1-2
:-¦¦•-* MONEY- TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy, terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market; phone Red 3433.
i- Buyers for lodging-houses; call and see our
large list, from $300 to $6000; fair and hon-
est trade; sellers " list your - houses ' with us
for Quick sale. :.4IKUtyMH '
25 ROOMS ; well furnished ; central location ;
worth $3000; good celling reason; price only
$2600; present owners' ¦ future being assured ;
part cash from responsible party. 3941, Call.
A — NOTICE — -We *¦ have' ' rooming-houses, '.- all
sizes and prices.in all parts . of . the city; get
our list first MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Markt
$475— NEWLY, f urnished flat ; , 7 • . rooms . and
'bath; must sell this week. 439 Parrott
building. , M. TURMAN & CO.
FOR ¦ SALE— Lodging-house; 8 -. large ' sunny
front rooms; very desirable home.* 1100 Van
Xess ave.; corner Geary. .;¦ -
17-R00M house, full of men, $175. if, Bold be-
fore the; 2Cth. 28>4 Clay ; st. - ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-^-The Weekly Call.
: 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $l-per year.
CARPET; BEATIsd'AXD t CLEANING^
WHEN vou become disgusted .with poor> work
¦ ' eend to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
• ing Works, 353-357^Tehama ft; tel., South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating ' Works^-Cleapingr,
.renovated, relald. 104 14th st 1 ; tel/Capp 2542.!
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning- Co.. 402 Sutter st;
¦ tel. Main 394. . ; GEO. .WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.' Mission 263.'
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
/ 333 • Golden Gate , ave. ; .telephone ¦ East; 126. : ;
J. '¦ E. IulITCHELL' Carpet-cleaning - and ' Reno-
• vatlng Co.; 240 14th st ; ; teL ; Mission ; 74.
vey, assay, cyaniae; aay, eve. , esc. - xoo*. van ¦
der Naillen School; 113 Fulton.' nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College",' most thorough'
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
- new 60-page catalogue free.": 305 Larkln stv-
A : — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting , : has re-
moved to Native Sons' ' Hall : 414 Mason • st; ¦*-•
VIOLIN guitar, "mandolin, " banjo -taught In
class, $1 month.. -1S36 Eddy; phone Pine 433 ;
MARY P. WESTHAUS. J piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, . 50c ;¦ piano for. practice, j 39 Fifth st
C. HOFFMAN, the . European pianist, : gives
thorough, , successful ; instruction. . 1017? Sutter.-
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping; grammar; writing.'
I etc.; day or" eve.; $5 mo. : 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.'
SHORTHAND taught "i by '. Taa\l -or 'personally.
- MISS . M. G. ; BARRETT. 302 Montgomery , st.
VIOLIN,- mandolin, guitar.' Prof.TMERKI,' good
- .. teacher." * 1008 ¦ Mission ; ; Instruments > selected.^
Chicago Business College,' 1435 Market.nr. ¦ 10th. ;
Pitman ; shorthand, • typing, 1 : bookkep. ; > $C mo.'
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night- class. - v 424 i Pine St. . '
HEALD'S Business College. 24 : Post stV S.>F.;
founded ¦ lK63r«. new ; SO-nace ¦ catalogue r free. .
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. V
A— JAPANESE . reliable house-cleaning, cooks
\ and 'waiters . furnished ! at short ; notice.': - Geo."
" Klnoshlta,' 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE ! and 'Japanese help;: estab. 120 • years. ;
.. Tel., Main 1997. ; BRADLEY & CO..1640 Clay.j
Grand ¦, Japanese-Chinese | Emp. Of fice; 415 Stock-"
• •: tori ; ' tel. Grant 168 ;: expert, - reliable - help. ,' - -
JAPANESE and Chinese best J help ; 5 cook > and
.waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI;tel..Bushl35.:
JAPANESE>best.domestlc": farming and ! house-*
. :, cleanlng.yC28 ; Stevenson ; • phone ; Howard 1 2504.*
RELIABLE ' Japanese-Chinese i Employment ' Of-'
: flee; all kinds help.*j 315 Stockton;; Main; 5188.J
JAPANESE Intelligence I Of flce-f Furnish'^ most
reliable help. ; 524 1 B t ush > st. ;,tel.-» Bush 1 516. >,'
ORPHEUM Employment '. Of fice-^Japanese. Chi-
nese .: help/. 426 > Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.". {
MOTHER' and "daughter;, small , family; city;
v $35. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary Bt
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co. 's Overall
". Factory, - 32% - Fremcnt st. : no 1 experlenca
necessary; ' good 'pay; : steady work. . Apply
- to MR. DAVIS. .
EXPERIENCED ;' girl for i second: work 'and
• I waiting at I table with | city references ; [ wages
.* $25. , Call for two days at 2209 Laguna '-, st.,
;•:¦• 10-12 ;a;-:m.: ' ' a N y ' -
YOUNG ladles for eeneral 1 office work; whole-
• .; sale house; $4 per week beginning. . Box
.8635; ; Call'. office: Y ;-- Y
NEAT girl , for general housework. Call: at
. : 2706 Sacramento st. .- - •¦- . ¦ -¦.''¦•
GIRL ; for light second : work. Call between • 10
.-and 12 at; 2203 Buchanan. St.- -' - -• V :';'-
WANTED— Good i restaurant '. waitress. 7 Tay-
.:lor st. ;, ;wages;$7, : a,, week. ¦'...' : - .
A' eirl ¦ or woman t to ¦ do .' chamberwork ¦ & > assist
.'.--¦ In light cpoklng? sleep home.; 131 A O'Farrell.
.WANTED— Girl "or, woman to assist in" general
. * housework 4 in i nice 'American . family; i refers
'ences; city; wages $15 to $20 per month."" Box
i_:;3S21;; Call; office.;;; y -¦-;.,.. . :.'.<- .' ¦ ; V- : y.
; GIRLS ;-'• learn * hairdresslng, ; manicuring,'^ mas-
Tsage. "i hairwork - from * A - to • Z ¦'¦ In ; 2 •- weeks' '
j -.; course,'; $5-^ must ¦ fill 5 •¦ within ''2,
t; weeks; day and eve class. 233 Geary, r.' 13-15.
WANTED-JAn -i? experienced 'i; tucker; '' - steady,
I '-work.. MARKS BROS., . 1212 ' Market at.'n.". '
PRESSER '¦ on .custom K coats. BELASCO '-¦&
fj. HARRIS CO.; 541 Market st. .'¦ .' ¦ t Y y/'
.WANTED — Girls * to i iron shirts. -' Apply THE \
jj L/'ELKUS CO., 29 and 31; Battery. st. Y ¦
i GERMAN : girl 'if for." cooking '.' and : downstairs
f-3wprfcy~ 1018 Sntter st;:-- :),;;>:'. '_',' .¦¦'¦¦:" ¦ ' ... '".';
kWANTED-^-Girl from! 14' to. 16 to assist In care
t;i of t baby ; • sleep ; home. >, 1307^4 1 Guerrero ; st '~. ."¦¦ -
¦ WANTED-^Glrl ) for general housework at 1 2731
Laguna st; near Green;, wages $15. ",','.-'--*
, \ *¦¦'" ' ¦'-".' -".¦ V
WANTED— Blacksmith : and horseshoer -. for
. wagon 1 and ¦ horseshoeing ; shop.' ¦ 612'.. Gough.
EXPERIENCED ! Job * compositor; - young man
¦ preferred. ¦. 16 Fremont . st. ¦'•
TINSMITH wanted rat once. Apply 305 How-
" ard . st , ; near Beale. .
WANTED-^Cook for a small restaurant. 1915
Central ave.. bet California and Sacramento.
WANTED — Bootblack for Friday,- Saturday
¦ - and Sunday, v 202 ' Fourth : st. .--. -V . -
WANTED-^Flrst-class man in Oakland . to pre-
V cent 1 a 1 business . proposition to eusines 9 peo-
; pie with money; ; no books, 'oil stock or -In-'
, - euijance, i but ,' a ,. sound ' proposition - that is a
money-nfeker ; > extraordinary opportunity for
rustlers. Address box 3644, Call office. Oak-
,-land. 1 '•;•¦-:•>:. •".•. -ji 1 ..:•¦-_ -¦.-,-> -!'.-.r tr- v..— ' -.- .;.
MASTER Barbers-^ All barber shops close Feb.
s. 22 -(Washington's r. birthday),-, at "12 .o'clock
:- noon ; ; keep open until ' 11 p.- m."* day previous.
WANTED— Solicitors for teas and coffees; with
', a,vlewtto buy. In: the course of time 'If satis-
factory. 203 ; Fourth , st. .' ;--.-¦
WANTED—^An office boy. by a wholesale house;
must be fair penman;' state -age; and^refer-
Y encea.-Box 3S22.-. Call. -. ¦:;¦. '.•-;>' ' -. s
I MEN . to learn barber, trade ; barbers In, demand ;
' only requires 8 . weeks ; ' tools 2 donated ; . cata-
' logue free. V HOLER'S ' BARBER COLLEGE,"
635, Clay st. ' '. ; .' '• . . :.«v ¦•'¦. ".-".---
: WANTED— Laborers and i mechanics to know
~:; that ; Ed iRolkin, -Reno House proprietor, I still
* runs \ Denver House.; 217 Third ; st;; 150 large
, rooms ; ' 25c < per, night ; ; $1'; to $2 per week."* - ".
. GOOD carriage "'blacksmith wanted.*- Apply to
*r;PHIL KLIPPLE;,; Salt ; Lake, -Utah. '
EXTRA1 pay ' now due -TJsS. . Call
"1 or .write Sherwood. , pension atty.;" 624 Market.'
500 MEN j to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
-; 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st; mv5th.
McDONALD "& PERRY f have 500 Becond-hand
Y : ; shoes for sale; 50c , up.^ 241; Third, st ,«..
YOUNG ! men ' to i learn j barber ; trade ; ? catalogue
y mailed.' 8.1 F." Barber^ College. -; 741 A Howard.
! PENSION : atty.;" E. .' A.- : Bullls,: 3, " 40, ¦ Phelan
: big. Past Com. Geo/ H.. Thomas Post, G.A.R."
... . $1,000,000 at Lowtst Rates ..'......
.......; 1st,' 2nd and 8rd Mortgages ... ...
' Undivided interest in estates, insurance poli-
.ciea. furniture or - anything else. .....
'¦¦¦-- PACIFIC LOAN CO.. 646 Market; «t
ANY proposition, any amount; 9 per cent; first
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest. in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16
- 1st floor. Chronicle talg. OEORGB E. OLSEN*
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave. near
. Geary st ; phone Red 1603. '
HIGHLY- respectable private- place to obtain
liberal . advances on . diamonds, jewelry at
¦~. lowest ' rates. Baldwin Jewelry . Store ' JUrt
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture ; or i pianos ; no removal ; any amount •
lowest rates. BECKER.- 927 Market,room 613.'
A' PRIVATE party, loans any araomn on furni-
- lure, pianos; no removal; low rates; conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's).; 1710 Market
ANY amount; lowest rate; on piano, furniture of
¦ household goods, without removal ;confldenti«!
. ¦ ORMSBY.26 , Montgomery st. , opp. Lick House:
ON furniture, pianos ; ' no : removal ; monev
quick; lowest' interest; easy terms ;no broker'
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 amonth on each
'$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery^st°- r l
$10 UP, on furniture.' pianos ; t no com. ; : prf vata
- party.*? St Ann's bldg.,-6 Eddy. rm°72. 4th flr!
Money loaned salaried people .Without securitv
: HILL,' r.- 44, Merchants' Exqy 431 C»Sfa££:
CASH - loaned * salaried s people on > not« wittwwt
. Indorser. :MORRELL" 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON -furniture - and pianos ; $15 .m>--««' r«
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81% Eddy?
ON ; salaries, * N; Y. plan ; : Indorsed naoer dla
: counted. TOUSLEY.CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture,*? pianos; lowest rate; no removal*
,: strictly private.- LICK. 118 McAn^ "jt ™*'
IF you want a- home I will loan you mnn-v tn
buy it A. E.-RUDELL, 222 Saw^s/
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor «t. bet. Geary and Post: tel.Blnrk SUFI.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$10; with these suits we make an extra pair
of .pait3 free of charge; other suits on install,
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
AT 'Newman's ticket office, 11 Montgomery st.
you will find cheap rate railroad and steam-
ship tickets to all Eastern and Pacific Coast
ports and Nome, Alaska. T. A. Rlgdon, Mgr.
I WASH and dry your hair in 10 minutes with
warm or cold air. 50c; hair dressed, 25c. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. ; etore open all
day : the 22d. ' -~ ¦¦'
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.". near Market: TOO rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard. Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready, ¦ J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr. 6th.
A — WHAT do , you think? O. HERMAN. 43
- Ellis, makes 'colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same aa white shirts; selection . 300 patterns.
WANTED— To "i meet : middle-aged woman, by
rancher: object matrimony.- Address box
'3S26, Call office.
LIQUOR habit ;• new ,*• safe, sure cure; can be
' given, without .knowledge of patient. - Aa-
dress P. O. box 552. San Jose. . Cai.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment:
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Market
A school to learn halrdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring-. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market.
bet Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V.. DOYLE.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single' three-quarter
2,' d0 Ji b !*' 52 25.' EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
•A-rPV Tp»r hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.8.Moore.332Q'FarreH; send for circular.-
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
"* moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 421 auttas., THURSDAYVFeb. 20— 4'p;:m. r
;...:.." . Bld.Ask. " : - . s ' Bid. Ask
Alpha ....... 0-* 04 Justice ...... -09- 10
Alta . . . . • .04 Ufl Kentuck . . ... . 01 " 02
Andes .."...".. 05. 0«!ladjr Wash ..' 01
Belcher '.".."...; 04 05 j Mexican ...'.. 1*41% "4«
Best & Belch. ;' 26: 27 Occidental .:. 10 VS
Bullion ..... ."¦.; 02 , 03 Ophlr .... . . .1 05 1 It)
Caledonia , . : V , 28 30 Overman . . . ; 08 '10
Challenge Con 16* 17, Potosi ....... 13" 14
CtdSllar ... . .".', 15 ' 10] Savag-e • r; .'. . . OS 10
Confidence ; . . - 58 ¦" '¦ 00 Scorpion '.'.'. ... -04
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 Seg Belcher-. — &j
Con Imperial. "01 --02 Sierra Nev... 13 17
Con New Yk.-^02 . 03 Silver .Hill»:;- «0 <J1
Crown ;Polnt. 06 C8 StLouis ..... — 10
Eureka ¦ Con: •¦ 18 ; — Syndicate /..'." ; 07-
Exchequer-.".. "02 Union Con...* 23- £4
«ould ACur. in 14 Utah .... . 02 03
Hale & Norc. 1 32 a3 Yellow Jacket 17 18
¦ Ju " a^ •¦•'•'•»¦•• ~ W V^y- "¦¦-- "¦•i-fr'V.'.S.i: -•*>;-¦;'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon > Session.
700 Best & Bfelch; 26
200 Chollar-". .... . 15
100 Con Cal t & V.I 35
200 Gould &Cur. 14
BOO Justice : ... ... OS
300 Mexican ! ....... 30
300 Mexican . . . : . j i 10
300 Mexican ..... 41
200 Ophlr ..1 05
300 Ophir .... ...110
COO Potosi ..:.... .14
500 Sierra Nev... 16
200 .Union . Con. . .- ai
500 Utah ......... (02
Great Discovery of Silver Ore.
• BUTTE.Mont., Feb. 20.— A special to
the Mlner : from Helena, Mont., says the
United Smelting and Refining Company* a
smelter at East ¦ Helena has received" a
shipment of sliver ore which Is believed
to be the richest ever made in the State.
The ore assays $8000 and is approximately
one-quarter silver. The shipment is made
from . a .. mine at Nlehart. Tbe strike is
said to be 'phenomenal, . great quantities
of the ore being found, being: so malle
able as to ¦ be almost cut • with a knife. •-
Continued From Page; Eight.
COMMERCIAL ¦.-NEWS
These postmasters - have been commis
sioned; Oscar C. Lashelle, at-Broderlck;
Katie Davidson, at GraniteviUe, and Wil
liam " Bradford, at Hemet, .California
Benjamin F. , Six, at Bridgeport, Wash
ington. • : ":Y
'« "Washington: Increase — Adam Freuden
etein, Tacoma, $8; John Wood,' Tacoma
$10. .Widow-Nancy C. B. Carson, Spo
kane, ?8. : • " l .
5 Oregon: Original— Douglas Magill, Kek
sey, $6. Widow— PhebeL. Whitney, Scap
poose, $8. Mexican x war— Roenna J.
Wherry, Elsie, $8. *-
These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Increase— Stephen D. Dam
inon, Anderson, $10; Michael Walsh, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8. • Mexican
war— William Ezra Beckstead, San Ber
nardino, $12; ' Nathaniel Chapman, Dia
ir.ond Springs, $12; James Crane, . Santa
Ana, $12; Jefferson Tucker, 'Merced Falls
$12. v Widows— Martha Ann Hennington,
Monterey, $8; . Mary Roach, San Fran
cisco, $8.; ¦ > : ; : 0v:/.- ' .
Captain Haxamer, surgeon of volun
teers at San Francisco/ has been . dis
charged honorably. Major Porter, Judge
advocate at San Francisco, will -report in
¦Washington for temporary duty. - W. C.
Gregg has been appointed Postmaster at
Tuoiumne, to succeed H. F. Domine, re
signed, t Charles R. Dusley of Los An
geles has been appointed a clerk in the
headquarters of the army at San Fran
ciscb. ¦ _ ¦ . - . :
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Carpenter
Wtirford has been detached from the In
dependence and ordered to appear before
the examining board at Mare Island • far
retirement, c
sions Granted.
Service and More New Pen-
Several Changes Jffade in the Postal
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE -. !
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Louis W. and Annie L. Johnston to Matthew
V. Brady, lot- on W line of Valencia street,
125 S of Nineteenth, S 25. by W 100; -$10. .
Joseph 1j. Halllday (executor of estate of
Margaret Halliday or ' Holllday) to Emma L.
McCaffery, lot on S line of Twentieth' street,'
130 E of Dolores, B 25 by S 114; $2000. ; ;
Calvin H. Boyer- to Florence M. Boyer, lot
on NE corner • of Twentieth and ¦ Sanchez
streets. E 55 by N 114;,i5ift.
AC. Thompson to Lydia A; Thompson,
1 Stella Clark and . Myrtle Gibson, lot on S line
of Twenty-second street, 50 E of Chattanooga,
E 25 by S,10C;>$10.
Lydia A. Thomson, Stella Clark • (Thomson)
and Myrtle Gibson (Thomson) to Honora Cole
man (single), same; $10. ¦ > :
i Thomas Murray to Clay P. Gooding. lot on
S line of Elizabeth street, 105 W of Noe, W
25 by-S 114; S500. .:-
William T. and Mary P. , Sesnon to Charles
5. Laumelster, lot 'on S line of Union street,
25 'E of Battery, E 50 by. 8 120; $10.
Susan and James W. Brady to Salvatore
Serlo, lot on W line of Vincent -street. 57:6 N
of Green, N 20 by ,W 57:0; $2000.
Henry and Addle Darius to Heimornn - and
Rika Jacobs, lot on W line of Mason street,
46:6 S of Jackson. 8 21:6 by W 57:6; $10. - ¦
John^R. Fischbeck to name, lot on ,W line
of Mason street. 68 -S S 1:11 % by
XV 57; $10. . T- ¦ ¦ -. - .:
Agnes B. Wheeler, . Rose Callaghan (wife «f
CliarlesW.) to Carrie E. Sheehan, lot on N
line of O'Farrell street, 55 W of Hyde, W 27:6
by N 85; $10. , . •
Adelaide E.' Crocker to Charles .W. Stockett.
lot on NW line of Tehama. street. -462:6 SW
of Third, SW. 25. by, NW 80; $10. •
l. Michael- Kelly to^ Kamuei ,W. Griffiths, lot
on NW line of Natoma street, 75 SW of Eighth,,
SW 25 by NW75: $10. ; .
.- Frederick Lux to . Abraham L. Lux, lot on
SE ' corner of Twenty-sixth and Iowa streets
S 50. by E 100; gift. . *¦ " . . > .
Samuel J. and Lillian M. : Eva to James
Ryan, ' lot on E line of Texas street, 75 s of
NapaS 25 by.E 100; $S00, v ...,*- T 0 . 01
¦ Charles R. and. Charlotte A. Counter to Les
lie H.;Collom, lot on E line of Ninth avenue
175 S of Point Lobos, S 37:6 by E 120; $10
. Emanuel Lewis ' Investment Company to
Martin Krotosayner. . lot on W : line - of Forty
.lourth avenue. 100 S of W street, S 25 by W
120;:$10-- ;-•::.—-., ... :. ,•¦
Harriet I M. \ Llbbey to . Mildred M. Gardiner
lot on E line; of SUte street,^100 8 of Ran.
dolplvS 50 by E 100,; block 38, ;aty. Land As
sociation ; also lot on B: line of State street
100 S of Sherman, S 25 by E 100; block 35*
same; also tot on N: line of Hill street 30 "W
of Capitol. W 50 by N 125; block X,, Railroad
Homestead: gift. ¦. •.. ¦ ..- .. .,
/Mildred Mr t Gardiner- to. H. J Lacy, same (3
pieces) ;< $150.' ;: ¦ > ' ..:•. .,.:.¦
. ¦¦: Frederick LuxHo Abraham L. Lux, lota 3 to
6, block . 30,; University . Mound Tract . Survey
gift/k '¦¦¦'¦•;¦ ¦ -¦-' •• ¦ '--¦¦¦ --'--. -• ' .,.- . I'
. Cymlnthta O. Collins ¦ (widow) „ to' -'United
States Fidelity, and 1 Guaranty Company of Bal
timore.:Md.;-lot-533,'Gift Map 3: *|f00. ..
/ ' Henry ' G. AV. * and ¦ Estelle J. Dinl:elspiel 5 to
Johan Johanso»,?lots 373 and 374." same; $10..
¦¦' Pauline ;W.'. Porter to Margaret C. r Porter
(widow). Jot 43, block 291, O'N.' and "H
Tract; ?5. •• ;¦- ¦ ¦-. '¦¦;. . •;• - • ¦' . ;. ".-¦)-,
'*¦ Marsrarat C. Porter to Louis Zalbert, 1 : sanje* i
$ia ..... . ¦-.; .. ¦¦- : ¦-¦-, .;- : :¦ ¦-,¦ ..-;.-.'¦
• -' FrMerick , Lux to George H. Lux. lots "1=2
7, and '8, block* 30, : University Mound; gift. ••;< .-.¦:¦
Charles 8. and Lillian M. Wheeler. to Ber
nard Faymonvllle, lot on NW corner of Central
and Pacific avenues, W 50:3, 1JT' 25:3, NE ..to
Central - avenue. S30:3^; $10. ' -
The Balrd Estate and Veronica C. Balrd to
Rlcharo P. and Mary E. Doola n, lot ' on NW
corner of Halght and Aehbury streets, N 32:6
by W" 100: resolution calls for lot on'N line
of Halght street, 87:6 "W of Ashbury, N 137:6
by-W 12:6; $10. : - ....
Same to Richard E. Queen, lot on W line of
Ashbury : street, 107:6 W of Height, N 30 by
"W 1OO (resolution calls for N line of Hatpin,
87:0 .W of Ashbury), N 137:6 by W 12:6; $10.
Joseph and Max . J. Brandenstein (trustees
esUte Albert S. Rotenbaum), Sarah or Sadie
Rodgers (Rosenbaum), wife of Harry A. A.,
Joseph ' Brandenstein. ; Julia and Virginia
Straseburger and Samuel M., Charles W. and
Albert ' Rosenbaum to William Finnlsran, lot
on N line of VaJIejo street, 207:6 W of Steiner,
W 30 by N 137:C; $10..
Thomas R. and Annie L. Turner to Rachel
Searles, lot on W line of Fillmore street, ¦ 100
N of .Vallejo. N 37:6 by W 83; $10. ;, ,
Timothy E. and Delia F. Treacy to John
Lackmann, lot on E . line of Stelner stwet, GO
S of Hermann, S 1 • by. E 90; $5. ¦ . ' ¦
' John A. Keane to Mary I- Lbvett.' lot on N
line of Golden; Gate avenue, ,45 E of - Fillmore
street, \B 25 by N 90; $5. •
C. M. Galvin -to,M. S. Galvin, undivided
half of lot on S line of Chestnut street, 110 W
of Buchanan, W 27:6 by S 120;. $10. v
James Donahue to Ann' Donahue (wife),. 141
on S line of Oak street, 137:6 .W of Laguna,
W 27:6 by S 120; gift.
Edith M.' and Arthur R.-Rickoff to Myra A.
Martin, lot on E line of Stanyan street, 50 N
of Rivoll avenue, N 25 by ¦ E 100, lot 0, block
2. Clarendon Heights; $10. •" - «. . • ..
Ernest and. Florence Philpott to Edward and
Katherine Prosek, lot on W corner of Laidley
and Mateo streets, NW BO by SW 112, lots
07 and 68, block 5, Mission and Thirtieth-street
Homestead Union; $10. : • ' -
R. H. and Maud L, Cross, to McEwen Bros.
(a corporation), lot on E line of Twenty-sevenUi
avenue, 200 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 50 K
122:4V4, S 50:3H. W^ 127:7; $10.
Kate F. Austin (Individually and as trustee
estate Henry S. Austin) to General Memorial
Hospital for the Treatment of Cancer and Al
lied ' Diseases, originally incorporated as the
New York' Cancer Hospital (a New York Cor
poration). lot on NE line of Hawthorne street,
137:8 SE of Folsom,' SE 137:6 by'NE 112:6;
$10. .- ¦ . ¦:-..- ,¦-¦¦ • , ¦ : - .• ¦¦;
John Clinton to Elizabeth Clinton (wife), lot
on NE corner of Second 6treet, 110 NW of
Folsom, NW 20 by NE 55; gift.
Harriet M. Blackburn to Frederick W. Kern,
lot on N line of Bush street, 236:3 W " of
Mason, W 32 :S by N 137:6; $10.
Agnes McMahon to William "McMahon,' lot
on S * line of Broadway, 187:6 W of Mason
street, W 350 by S 67:6; $10. - t
Douglas S. and Mai M. Watson. to Watson
& Watson (incorporated), lot on NE corner of
Bush and Powell streets, E 137:6, N 137:6. W
70, S 69, W 67:6. S 68:6; $10.
¦ . Mary McDonald to John Meagher, re-record
1943 D. 110, iot on BE corner of Twenty-sixth
and Bartlett streets, S 75 by E 25; $10.
- James B. and Sarah Mahony to P. W. Pos
tel. lot on SW corner of Twenty-fourth and
Castro streets. S.50:2 by W 80; $10.
Minnie Fahey Coffey (formerly Mary Ann
Fahey) to Mercantile. Trust Company of San
Francisco, undivided one-seventh Interest in
lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 61:1 W of
Grant avenue, W 39:11% by N-77:6- $10.
William Muller to Ellen St. Lawrence Mul
ler, lot on NE corner of . Hush and Monroe
streets, distant 1W) W of Stockton, N 68:6 by
E 20; $1. ¦_-¦'¦
BEAX ESTATE TBANSACmONS.
Continuing the general discussion of
conditions in the Philippines he expressed
the opinion that the trade with the United
States will ultimately increase and the
islands will be self-supporting, even to
the extent of paying the expenses of the
United States army there. : i
"Do you believe that what we are iiow
doing in the Philippines is best for the
Filipinos and for the people of the United
States as well?", asked Senator Allison.
"I do," said Governor Taft; "We are
pursuing there the only course onen to
us, and it was absolutely impossible for
us to pursue any other course than the
one we did pursue and are pursuing there.
If the Senators on the side of the table
(referring to the Democratic members ot
the committee) had been there they could
not have done differently, and when their
party comes into power, if It should do so
they cannot do anything: but go ahead."
Senator Culberson— If^a safe and hon
orable ¦ opening for withdrawing : from I the
islands should present itself do you think
the United States should avail itself of it?
-Governor Taft— That question assumed
that there "might, be such an opening. I
don't -think there will be and I say no
Possessed,, as I believe that I am. with
the missionary epirit, I think that we
should continue our work In those islands
now that we axe there and there Is no
likelihood of finding honorable ways out
Governor Taft was excused at the con
clusion of 'the' sitting and the .committee
adjourned until next Tuesday, with the
understanding that General Hughes will
be the next witness.
Replying to a series of questions Gover
nor Taft said the intervention of the
United States in the Philippines was the
best thing that could happen for the Fil
ipinos, but that it would have been better
tor our country if we had not gone there.
He added: "If the result in the end
proves, to be in the Interest of the gen
eral welfare then we, can possibly Justify
ourselves . on the ground that we have
taken only our share of the burden of
civilization in bringing out an uncivilized
people." . ' . .
Be Carried Out.
WASHINGTON, ..Feb. 20.— Governor
Taft discussed climatic conditions in . the
Philippines to-day before the Senate Phil
ippine Committee., Governor Taft -said
that much of the sickness \ among: the
American. troops Is due to exposure and
he incidentally made an appeal for liberal
appropriations for the construction ol
barracks and for the protection of' officers
and men. •
Taft Says the. Philippine Policy Must
AMERICA CANNOT WITHDRAW
• Nelson ot Minnesota and McCumber of
North Dakota supported the admlnistra*
tion's policy in the islands.
•¦.He asserted that if the 6,00o,000 of Chris
tians in the Philippines were Protestant
Christians the cruelties practiced on them
by; the American authorities would have
to stop, as no member of Congress would
be able to withstand j the wrath of the
Methodists, Baptists and Presbyterians ot
this country. . .
WASHINGTON, ; Feb. 20.— With the ex
ception of a few minutes given to routine
business the / Senate to-day- devoted its
entire open session to the Philippine ques
tion. 1 Patterson of Colorado, one 1 of tha
minority members of the Philippine Coin-'
mittee, delivered h!s first extended speech
in the Senate and ; was tiven a most at*
tentlve hearing:. He discussed principally
the sedition laws enacted by the Philip*
pine Commission, vigorously attacking the
authority of the commission to enact and
enforce : such laws. • He maintained tha't
Congress alone had the power to put in
force enactments of that character. . He
compared intormation furnished by the
executive departments of the Government
with some of the statements of Governor
Taft. in his testimony before the Philip
pine Committee, with respect to the capa
bilities of the Mlipinos and declared- with
some heat his belief that Governor Taft
misrepresented the true situation in the
islands for motives unknown. - " -~
Alludes to; the Fact ,That- the
Six Million Christians Are .
: Not Protestants.- " "
Patterson of Colorado
v Accuses Taft of Mis
representation.
ASSAILS POLICY
IN PHILIPPINE
NEW WESTERN. HOTKL.
M D Beverly & w, IlliR McKay. Washington
Mrs Bercham, Chicago! WL Kishert. Wash
Mrs A Eddy, L Ang R Higgs & s, L Ang
Mrs C Feeney, USISO Mnhoney. Sacto
J A. Boyd, Manila Mrs Muhoney ¦& 8 c,
R E Snapp, Seattle Sacramento
HP Fisher. Portland T I Poend & w. Or
GM Brown, S Rosa .. iT Fasley. Slsson -
R T Brown, S Rosa H Anderson. Seattle ¦
J M Blaney. U S N C S McCord. Plttsburg
ALGIERS. Feb. 20.— The White' Star liner
Celtic arrived to-day from Gibraltar. On board
the Celtic are about 800 tourists from all parts
of the United' States.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE SAN FUANCISCQ CALL; FRIDAY; FEBRUARY 23, VlSO'2.-
11
OCEAIT TBAVKtv
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*^ ' Steamers leave Broadway
TigW^ Wharf, i-an Francisco:
* KRp??Sfc. or Ketchlkan, Juneau,
BftgsB^'^v--^ ' Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
* E3Tr®?^^ m -- Feb - 5 - 10 - 15# 20> 23>
' tS^»H wj March ". Chance to com-.
i E^raS^^il pany's steamers at Seattle. ¦
i r^*&£0%$( For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townaend, Seattle. Ta-
: : :coma, Everett." New "What-
com— II a. mTFeb 5. 10. 15, 20. 25. March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; Pt Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
' For Eureka <Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
, Feb. 1, 6. 11, 16, 21, .20, March 3. • :
For San Dleco. stopping only at Santa Bar-
' bara. Port Los Angeles And Redcndo (Los An-'
geles) — Steamer Spokane, Sundays, 0 a. -m.
! Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Lgs Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Lois. Obispo). Santa Barbara, - Ventura, Hu<v'
seme, East San Pedro, San Pedro and ?New-
port ('Bantta only). . /
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Feb. 3, 11. 19. 27. March 7.
Goes Bay ,"9 a, m.. Feb. 7, 15, 23, March 3.
- For Ensenada, Musdaler.a Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. AUata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynms (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th ot each
month. - - . .-. . ¦¦ f
¦ For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. . - _ : -
TICIHRT OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, -PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
. 10 Market st., San -Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
/ ;£_FOR-
SENATOR JUNE 1'
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. ... .'JUNE 7
Stsamships CITT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Ths
steamships Senator and State of California
made regular trips to Nome last year, lanc-
ing all passengers and freight without loss.,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates apply
Ticket Offlce, 4 New Montgomery st. (Palace
Hotel). . .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. GenL Agents,
- 10 Market trt., San Francisco.
OR.4iV.CO,
°nly Steamship Lino to f
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail L?no from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
point*. r»llr«i1 o»» stenmshio »nrl rallp ot
' IiOWXiSO 1 RATX2S.
£T£AMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH aai MEAL3.
6S. COLUMBIA Sails.....:..... ......
' ...Feb. 12, 22; Mar. 4. 14.-21
SS.-GEO. W. ELDER Sails
.-..».... Feb. 17, 27; Mar. 8. 19, 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. ».
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y. S. F.
TOYO 1ISJN IAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner Fh-st and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m .
| for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloffo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc No cargo received oa board on day of
sailinR-. - - ;-"-...
SS. NIPPON MARXT
Tuesday. February 25th, 1902
SS. -AMERICA MARU...
• ••••--• Friday, March 21st, 1002
SS. HONGKONG MARU.
••»•• Tuesday. April 15th. 1002
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. . For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. •
, , W. H. AVERT, General Agent.'
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sad Americana SeWoras
To Valparaiso, stopphur at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from HovT-
and 3. pier 10, 12 m. t .
PALENA . . .March % TUCAPEL
SANTIAGO.. March 13 GUATEMALA —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger serviee
<No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and -passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R,4 £ S ;
TO NEW rORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 1105; Steerage. WO; SleaJs Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar 24
6.' S. -Argyll . sails Tuesday, April 29
From Howard -street wJiarf ax 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger ' Of ftce, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
igcegBSC5 a 5.t0cs»,^s
SS. AUSTRALIA, for TahtU ,
-...„... — Friday. ;Feb. Sal'i'v m
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa Auck- "
land and Sydney. .Thurs., .Feb. 27. 10 a. m
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. . ..... J.
. . . . ... .... .Saturday, Warch 8, '02.' 2"p. m.
J. D.SPSECXELS & BROS. CO., Bscera, Ag3nfs,.J27 Hadri a
Iw'lf as8Mpr Offics. Hi tertat SL. rfar-h.- 7. Patj&H
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON
St. . Louls.Feb. 20,10am. St. Paul, Mar. 12.10am
Phlladel., Mar. 5, 10am|St. Louis, Mar.10 10am
RBbbTA<< LINE
NEW TORK-ASTWEBP-TAKIS
Frlesland, Feb.2U,nooni"v"adertand. Mar .12 noon :
Southward. Mar,5,nobn I Kens' gton. Mar.lOTioan
.INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
- CHAS. D. TAYLOR
Ceneral Agent Paclflc CoaBt. 30 Montgomery at '
C0KRABHI3 GSKER AI.3 ¦ ntAHBi.TIiA.KTrQTTi
DIRECT LINE TO . HA VHK-PARIS. j^, ,
Sallins every Thursday, Instead or
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, "llnrTTIT
North Rtver, -foot of Morton street.
First claes to Havre, $70 and npward. Second
class to Havre, $45 end upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson *ulldlng). New
TTork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pactflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB ST: gAgLEjg.;
FOB 0. S. HAVY YAB3 AHO YALLE33
Steamsn GEN. FRISBt S or MONTICELU
0r46 a. m., 3:15 and 8:S0 p. ro., excejit Sun-
day. -Sunday, 8:-15 a. m.; 8:30 p." m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a.. m., 12:S0 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. * Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. jn. Fare CO
cents. Telephone Main 150S. ¦ Landing and
office,' pier -2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
EROS. : ' ¦': ¦• ¦
0CEA2? TEAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST rSoaJ
Via Sa usal i to Ferry,
. Commenctng ¦ September 2S>, Idol.
FROM.SAN^RANCISCO^^MILL VALI^T,
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill .Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Satur-
daysiat»:3O and 11:40 p. m. .,
SUNDATS—*8:00 •10:00. «ii:30 a. la.. «1:1S.
3:15 •*:«. «:30, »:30 p. m. , * *'*7
- Trains. marked (•) run to San Quentin. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 8 AN ¦ FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 6:27, 7:45. 8:35 io -la
am, -12:25. 2:15. »3: 35, 4:40, 8:30 pTin.
.X^S^^VJo^. m? :0 °- ' U: » •- -•
• Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCa
WEEK DAYS— 5:45 tt:15 .7:^5, 8:55; 10;*)
a. in.; 12-^5. 2:45, 3:50, 4:10 p.- m. ' . w *"*^
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays." Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and. 10:35 p.m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05,-. 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15.
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p.. m. % ZZ'-.T?
¦7 THROUGH TRAINS;
. 6:55 * a. ro. week , days— Cazadero and way
stations. _ ; •
-1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
¦ stations. • '¦¦ .
fi:0<) a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and war
stations. . 1
..•Legal Holiday, boats and trains will run on
Sunday ' time. *-. ;¦'•>-:-
BAZIWAY THA7EL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
- Trnlm l«i»»«- »•..! nri> .In. i» M rrl*« »t
SAX riSAN«T|M4'«».
(MainLiiie. Foot of Market Street) r-
r.EAvc -Fttoji February 0. 13C3 — arrive
— —^ — — — — — —^_ — , — .
7:00* Beiilcia, Suisiiu, Klmira and Sacra-
ineuut....* t ,Pr
IiOOa VacwUlo, Wfciterr, Rmuaay '~:ZXr
; :3u a Martinet. Shii Uu.i.oii. Vulleju. Napa, *
< > MiMu>K!iaiMt!H.»!iM. i:..wi -<; t :i.ip
8:OOa Datis, WtMMliaml. Kufgbta Lanilins.
k!:irrsTille, <>rim!ln. ' ...» 7:.V»p
ft:O» i Atlantic Ktiiree.i-O&toii ami Kast t »<***
*:<*<»A'NUea,-I,ithmi>.'-.Stoe l itoti '.. 1i*-»f
HittOuNUw, Mrmlr.t*. Uauford. Visalia,
- 1'ortK.miUe .,.7.7:.....,... 4:3.1?
S:3Oa Shut* Kxiirrw— lhtTlx, Willhms ffor
Hartlett Hprlugs), Wniowa. lt«l
lilufl. Furtlmid. 7:-V5»
Si:ii»a San .luiif, l.ltrnnorr, Mtnckbm,
lone. • .Wnmriilii. I'ltcrtiile,
lUryn.ilK Chic... lt«.l lilnlf -«i23»
Wsltiu O*!(,Ui.-. C'liinrsti.Suiiora. Tuolurane 4i2.1» •
!>:«!> a Iliiyw.r.l, Ml. a and Way SUtioii*.. MiKa*
»i«Oa VaurJo 13i2.j»
U:»l»A Ixw :: Angeles Rxi>rt>aii — Alartlimx,
Tracj, l.aMiroii. rUookkou, Murc-il
Vrtwio mnl I.oa Aiue'ts .......... ¦ ?:S3%
' HiriOA Valti-ln. Martinm »n.| Way HtatliH.i ?i.13r
' 1 1>: oi> A Tim < >t crUiwI 1,1ml t<yl— Ogileu, L'eu-
¦ ' ter, l>»i»lia. ClilraK... !ti2.1»
IIHMtr tt»»»nimiti> l!l»«r Hioainnrn JIliOii'
SiUUr Ueuiriii, WlnUm. K»er*».etilo,
\V.m..II«.,.1. Kxii'Ma Jjiullnif.
' ¦¦¦ Muryn.lll.-, <»r»ti!l«... I»:.V1%
.1:S»r IlHywnnl. Nilm mil Way HUUniis.. 7:S3f
4i<tor Martinr.:. Sun IUiiio... Vallnjo,
N:il«i. l - i.H~l.,Kit. Sunk* l«i)« 9i3-1a
: 4i»Or Nile". lilTerinore. Htocktou. IjOiII... f*ur,t
--»•»•»? H«ywird. MleK.Kar.Jime, Ll*«rmora )»:.15a
CiSOrTIm On) Liuiltfil f - r»«-snii,Tulare.
JJ.ikc r*n«M, Kangus for Hunt* IUt-
lwra, U»n Aitffi^les *i.V"l\
Bi« !»p Port Custa, Trjcr. l.athrov. .Stockton 1«:K5 *
3i»4»p Martln'f:. Antiocb, Stocktou, Mar-
ced, Fwmo lS>23y
«:««i> llnr na»i. NlUsiaml Han Ju»<?. ...... ?>AA*
t«;««r Vnllnjo .11:25%
-HiOUr Oriental Mslr— Ofrten. ¦ Denver,
(fcualta. St Lout*. Chieogi 4i33r
*iOI»r (»rcK<Hi urn] CnlilnrnK Kx|>r«Mi.Hao-
.' m.nmit... Murynvllle. lto.l.!iu«.
IV.lliir,,l.;r.iK«l Himi.,1 nml Kast »i3Aa
¦¦onrSan T'aMo, F«ik «;o-t», Martinez
- ai«l Way HUthms 11:23a
t»:Q.tr Valb-J^! 7iaa»
COAST. IilNE (N«rro«f «ias S «).
(Pouinf Market StrOTl.)
- a»tl>A Noi»rk.<t«iiirr<lllp,M«ii.l«i»s.Krtkon, .
. JJmildorOrrvk.iSatulaUiiucaiMl Way
Ktiitini.N »ia«t
fail.lp Naiturlt, OinterTlItK, Mmi.lmfl, Ni'W
' AlHiartwi, HVItmi, Ihmitittr Oaofc, -
HunU ('ran anil lriiiclr«l Way
Skatioira »«fno*
4il.1r N«warlr, Man .lonn. l.rm OaIox t«i5»A
•9.3or Hunters' Trail. -San Jose aad Way *
Station*. X7.99T
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tram SIS msCISCa-raoi of JUrket Straet (Sirs 8>—
. 11:15 'J;l» U:(».l.». 1:00 3iJ0 t.lSr-.
Fniallttl.»llo_:rnl •' B»»»ti*«j. — fil : 0U Jtf.00 t3:0»
1<I:00a:m.v; ISiCO 203 l:C?r:M.
COAST IilNE (llrna.l tUng*).
(Tlilnl nnd TowiissihI 8tn.)
ttil«A Ban Jmeaml Way Htationa....^,.... u^t««
T:U«A San Jow ami Way HUllultS f*t«'»A
.7T:»i>A Now Almm',-11 / tilVT
8:OOa Coast tine Limited — 'ran Jtma.
Uiir.iy, ¦Saiiuiw. Sar. Luis Ooiapo. .
fcanta Bstbara, Lot Aagsle* Mid '
prindiul intermediate sUtious.... I 0:43t
• iOOa'Mhii .lixa. TrM I'lurm. HiutU «riut.
J'neilii: (imrtt, - hnlinas. - fc'an Lais
OWs'.kj ami Priuci v»i in tormtalUta
Htutiuita ¦¦*«!•»
I O::iO v San Jrse ami Way Stations.. Hs3«A 9
II:3Oa Han .lime iiml Way HUtlnna tlil»» .
fScfftr »*n Matrn, lteilnno.1, Menlo Plfk,
Palo Alto, Kan ta Clara, Han .lose,
Tron rino«, 8»nU Ctm, Aalliras, •-•
Mnnieroy an.l 1'actlic (imnt 1I«i4»a :
S:n»r Man Joso ami Way Htatlona l»*w»
' 4-l:l.?rRaiiJnM».in.l PrWirHtl WityHtatlnni ,T.:i«»
4>3l)r Snnset UFntted— Mondays, Wednrn-
- days, Friday*, for Lo-t Angeles, El
Tsuo. New Orleans and New York. /
Aimes Suudayi. TuesJijs and -
¦ Thursdays ...< I»il3*
43lOOr 8an- Jose, Los Gates and l'rlueipal
WsySUtiom 1»»«O»
SiSOr Sa» Joae amt Principal Way .Station! SiSUp
St3«p a«nJi»< »n.l Wny Htnti.ms 7>XOr
¦?iOOp New Orleans Expreog — Pan Lais
Obispo, Santa liarbara, Los An- '
geles, D'mlns, El Faso, New Or-
leans and Ess t HiSft*
i — It4.tp 8an Jfigenml Way Htatlona 7t8OT
i # . . A for Mnntliif. I* for A fternoon.
:" f AaiMlayexenptod. J Sund*» only.
Jar only. / Tiifedaya and Friday*^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO ANJ NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to ?nn Rafael.
"WEEK DAYSJ-7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:&O and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
• 8:00, 6:20 p. m. * -
: - - San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-^erlO. 7:50. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra-
trips at 1:."5 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, »:40.
5:65, 6:25 p. m. . ' > ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrtv*
San Francisco. |Apr. 2S. 19011 San Franelsca
Week I Sun- I | Sun- " 1 Week
Days. I days. | Destination I days. | Days.
7:30am 8 :60am Novato. 10:40am 8 :40am
3:30pm 8:30am Petaiuma, 6:06pm 10:23am.
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
• Fulton,
,7:30am . Windsor. 10'.25am
' S :00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton, • '
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8 :60am Cloverdale. Ti35pm C :20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8 :00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7j30am 10:4Tiamll0:2Saaa
8:00am Guerneville. 7:3Spm
3:30pm 5:00pm . - | 6^0pm
7:30arc S :00am / Sonoma »:I5am 8:4Uam
. and
/5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm C :20pm
7:30am| «:0Oam| |10:40amfl0:25am .
3 :30pm I 5: 00pm | Sebastopol. | 7 :35pm |
Stages connect at Santa Rosa Cor Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at.
'.Fulton for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton,
¦Springs : at GeyservlHe for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland tor
Duncan "Springs.- Highland : 8prlng3, Kelsey-
ville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Sprlnss: at Uklah tor Vtchjr
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
.Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley'n,
Bucknetl's Sanhedrln Heights. HullviUe, Orr'*
Hot fprlsta, 3««ndoctno City. Fort Bragg.
"Westport. Usal. Wllilts, Laytonvilte. Cummin*.
Bell'a aprlngj, Harris, Olaen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets -at r»-
doced rates. •
On Sundays ronnd-trtp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half races.
Ticket offlce. 650 Market street. Chronicls
building. , -> -
H. C WHITING, R- X. RTAN.
. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. - .
"~ r ~ Local L&n'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dairy 'Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a »:OOa 8:00 p 4^20 p .
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a. 11:10 p 7: IS p
. " Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l:30a/:llp
" Fresno... 2:03^> 2:35 p 3:13 a 10:50 p
."Hanford.. 3:12 p 8:27 p 8:05 a ......
" Vlsalta... 3:39p 6:00a
"Bakersfld 6:15j> 5:20 p 7:45 a ......
" Kan. City 2:4Oa 7:30a
: " Chicago.. .. 2:15 p OrWp ......
- a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, earning Palace "Sleeping Can aad
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersneld for accommodation of
local first -class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at -7 :05 a. m. daily.
4 :20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced aad Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
. 8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. -
7:20 a. m. la Bakerafleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaqutn .Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.*
Offlces^ — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. '
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausali to Ferry "Arrive ~
San Fran. Foot o f Marlcgt SL San Fran.
1 * Sun- n.w,.^,^^. Son- Wwk"
9-30 A. 8:00a. _j.» -emsa. k«r M u MO l-OO r. !»:45 A,
4a» p. ii30a. I'trJiH.*^ 4:25 *- *» n.
f»r«, 3«n Frvidwo to Sirnmit »nd S«tunn. llOff
SUbl OOcu, SU 3LULUI ITUX1 mA SAO&AUZO TSMM.X.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6-O HEARST ST. E.<itabll»hpd
In ISM for the treating i»t *4 1't\yhU,
DbeH^es, I^iit ATuntioixl. Debility or . *
disease wearlngwi body ami mind and
Skin Disposes. Th* Doctor cores wi«e»
others Mil. Try him. (Charges low;
form znnranlrrd. CullorWflMk '
Ur. J. *'. tilC30X.bauFrauclsco.Cai. _
PERSOXAI.S-— Conlinned. j
ctteRFLVOUS hair permanently removed by .
electric needle. MRS. M. HARRIS, 420 Sutten
SlTERFLUOrS hair and moles removed by
electric nee<31e.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll7O Market.
ALFREDrMS Egipt:an Henna; restores gray
hair to ltt natural color; fl; at all druggists'.
ACTINA for fale by the A'Vlda Company, 7G3
Valencia ft., corner Nineteenth.
CNE MIM'TE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
inFtantly: 10c snd S5c. All druggists.
Mrs Brifrp*— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
bv electric needle. 9CS Sutter; tel.Larkln3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. OOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Jiasquerad- costumes at H. Andersen's, theatri-
cal roEtumrr. -OO'FarreU; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Mlrfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Push anQ Dupont. ;
lirTLAMOTTE-S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; -5e. all druggists.
1'UVSilClANS AXO SUKGEONS.
APSOLUTELY FREE COn¥uL~tTtT6n^aTi
diseases of men and women treated success-
fu:!y. Prepare all medicines myself nit
FORDEN. No. C Turk Et.. corner Mason. ,
A-DR. OLIVK GRUVER, lady physician ana
yurseon. at 1122 Market st.; hours 10 to 8.
DB -*£ C. O-DONNELL- Office and residence.
1021 '<; Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
KEAL ESTATE CITV—FOIt SALE.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.'. . . . ."reAiTssTATE
2G Montgomery et.. room 11
Rents collected; lull charge taken of property.
$2500— Very ohea-f property; lot 80x100; near
(sixteenth and Mission bU
$1S,5OO— Three very stylish new sunny flats 8
•,« -™ £ )om , s . : choIce location; rents $150. '
510,^00 — Good bay; sicre and Hats; Larkin St.,
near Geary; rents $7«.
?r.000 — Fine 5 and (j room flats: on Stevenson
St., near l:Jth; rent ?i5.
$1050 — Dirt cheap; KW, corner Sauchei and
Aivarado fjs.; ?6:<5xlO5 ft.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS
Installments; Eleventh ave.. H and I Pts.. near
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 20-Montscmery room
11. Branch offlce. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
ONLY $3500; K cash, balance mortcrxe at 6
per cent; 2-story bay-window house fllot 2<5x
125; brick foundation: » rooms, bath, bast-
raent. washhouse, garden; nicely located, 2V4
blocks west of Valencia: open for Inspection
between 1 ana 4 p. m., at 108 Chattanooga;
take Mission. Valencia or Kearny transfer at
22d St.; cars bring you in front of house.
?U.00C— CLOSE to Pclk st.. ft. front; large ;
house of 14 rooms, 2 baths; close to best resi-
dence district and also close to business '
street; fine location for residence or for doc-
tor or dentist; house has very sunny expos-
ure. THOMAS MAGES & SON, 5 Mont-
gomery st. ¦ ' 1
JOSEPH STRAUB,
K50 Market st.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate A^ent.
Property bought end sold.
Rcnt3 collected. . ,; "... •" ]
BARGAIN — 9-room house; modern Improve-
ments. 1711 Broderick, bet. Bush anJ Pine.
FOR sale — 2Sx84: double house. 1G rooms and
bath, "at S7G pine st.. near Taylor.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SANfSCcCISCO^^
Small tracts. $00 to fW per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. ; iuture value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and jreneral farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. :;u2 California st., for
pamphlets and information.
FOR rent or for sale; chicken ranch, neai
Napa; 5 acres; new house of 8 rooms, horse.
bURgy. cow and chickens; new windmill;
running stream of water: price $.'{500. or $200
rent :>er year: lease. Call R. G. WILK3.
SG 1^ Kearny et
Santa Clara Valley. Pan Jr.ee and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market. S v F-. & San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to -sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranchc* all kinds: eend
rtanrr> W fro* list, r. H. Wir.^gld. Petaluro*.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
*4000^CO^T^S0b^T^o^a^a7^^f'^S0^Tcresr
stock and grain land; lVi miles from R. R.
station; hou« of 6 rooms, 2 barns, under
fence, family orchard; exchange good fur-
nished house same valus or other property.
E. E. BT'NCK. i*r.2 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
BERKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3750 — FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms- lot 5Ox
166; near C. C. grounds ana electric R. R.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate.
Berkeley Station.
$3300 — THOROUGHLY well built house of 9
rooms; window shades; combination fixtures;
corner lot: street work all done; cement side-
walk; only 2»4 blocks from station and 1
block from electric railroad.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUm'ALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportuhity; 200xL30 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 etreet cars and public school ; furnished cot-
tage of C rooms; stable, chicken-bouse, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; SO minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.; rent S35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. - ' -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD BEAL ESTATE.
WE offer bargains In dwellings and lots In
Oakland and Alameda: for sale and exchange.
HEALY & CARR. C Eddy «. ¦
6. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth El '
O AKLAJVp F1JR3VITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE pood and cheap this month. H. :
tCHELLHAAS. 4OS Eleventh ft.. Oaklaa*. j
>^ >m '*»*»"»»»^»^»^' >^ m sss»sssss»ssss«sssssss»sib«isss»^sswssmsssss«ssss»ssssss»^ssssssssss«ssssss«sssssss^ J
UOOB19 FOR HOl'SEKEEPIXG.
ARIEL and SOLAR flats. S2S and 031 Turk St.;
first class; new bids.: housekeeping suites.
BELL. The. 1773 Market — Parlor suite, kitchen,
gas range. $20; also one tangle, $(i.
EDDY. 921 — Handsome unfurnished parlors;
also furnished room for light housekeeping;
alto unfurnished attic for studio.
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping In suites
2 or 3, $12 to ?1M; single. $5.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1200 — Sunny furnished
. rooms for housekeeping.
McALLJST£R. O37 (lower) — 3 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $15. ¦ J
OAK, 119 — Larpe front room, |10;. small front,
SS ; 2 basement rooms, $9, furnished hou&ekpg. .
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary — Sunny bay
window; gtLM stove; nice closet; housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 1J.15 — 2 unfurniKbed parlors and
kitchen; bath; also lower floor, 3 rooms, $15;
phone Scott 858.
' TAYLOR. 108—2 nicely furnished connecting
rooms, camplete. $3 SO per week; run. water.
3 KCRXIEHED rooms; euncy; gas; central.
Box 4026. Call offlce. ¦ -- '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st. '
ROOMS TO LET— Para, md Unfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
«unny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per eight; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
¦ light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BARTLETT. 531—3 sunny -rooms partly fur-
nlshed for light housekeeping. ..
BAKER, 1511, cor. Sutter — Two sunny un-
furnlshed rooms <one front); bath.
BURXETT. 1426 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rmt., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantfy
furnished nunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDt, 751— Elegant newly furnished sunny
rooms, with or without board; also house-
keeping suites.
E^ IS i. 321 < Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
35c. $1 SO aight; $1 so, »g wk.-. open all night.
ELLIS, 418. The Pierpont— Beautifully fur-
nlshed suite; private bath; sun all day; $35.
EU . RE KA. 319, near 21*t— 2 pleasant unfur-
nlshed room»; call bet. 9 and 6 p. m.
0 *. KM. near Fourth— Furnished roomsy
•I per week.
¦ LET—Fnrn. and Dafnrn,
FOURTH. 225— Nicely furnl"shed*"room^"$l 25
* per \reek.~3QSNHa • ••"•¦:
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites: single.
trans.ent: baths. Mrs. King. Turk &' Taylor.
FULTON. 2 j. near City Hall— Furnished rooms
to let,
G EAKY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
- ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
G RAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission^
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges ;sult, single ;elcvau
GRANT. 245— New bachelor apartments; fur.
cr unfur.; gultable physician or dentist ; ' ref s.
GREEN, C30, nr. Stockton — 2 extra large sunny
frpnt rooms ; gas, bath ; tel ; unfurnished. •
HYDE, ' 133 — Nicely " furnished rooms; running
water; grate.
KEARNT, 34. and 47 Post— Crflre or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.-. •
MARTINET. 1 101 Geary— Handsome ' suites ;
. private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OFARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator, elec. lights; day. week, mo.
POST. 030 — Large single room; gas, bath and
phone. - ,¦•*¦-•;.¦¦
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150; weak, $2
¦ to ?8; month, fS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and ail modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk St.
STOCKTON, — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone.
TURK. 210 — Sunny front rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH orflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. • .
IIOOMS AXO BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
nr«t-cla£s board; reasonable; phone South 820.
EDDY. 316 — Elegantly furnished sunny room;
it fined couple or 2 gentlemen; every con-
venience. . ¦ . ¦ - ,i»_
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table - board.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High class hotel; fur.
suites or single; board optional; steam heat.
CROCKER, The, 815 Leavenworth— Sunny
rms.; sin, and suites; ground and tennis crt.
EDDY. C26. The Irvfngdale — Sunny • suites;
large double and single rocms from $22 50 up.
JOHNSON. The. C05 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA, C15 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
THE CORBIN, S36 Sutter — First-class table
board; terms reasonable. Phone Polk S03.
It OOMS WANTED.
WANTED — By an elderly single gentleman, a
large sincle room, with folding-bed, or a
.¦suite nicely furnished, in a private family,
north of Market and east of Jones sts., at
about $30 per month, bath and gas Included. ¦
Box 4(i34. Call. _^
nUI»TURE SANITARIU3I.
RUPTURE^CURE— TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1200
Market St.. rooms S and 0: new system.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of 4 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by the Cali-
fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable on
. and after Friday. February 14. 1902. at the
ofice of the society. Mills building, second
floor, room 28.
CHAS. D. FARQUHARSON. Secretary.
PROPKRTV-OW.NEKS & CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chlm-
cey. I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot up;
expert In curing smoking or faulty flues;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings ghavlng my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and'without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission, or box 260. 316 Bush.
PROPOSALS— Continued.
•NOTIcli^rO~€ONTT*^^
Veterans' Home of California, room 13, 320
Sansome St., San Francisco. Cal. — Under and
in pursuance to an act. entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville, Napa County, Cal.," and appro-
priating ?25,0u0 therefor (approved March
2ti, I'.wl, Statutes 1901, page S23), and In
accordance with the resolutlqn of the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12. 1U01, the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby invites and advertises for
sealed proposals for furnishing the materials
and performing the labor for the erection
and construction of said hospital building, at
the eaid Veterans' Home at Yountville, Napa
County, In accordance with _ the plans, de.
scriptlons. bills and specifications, prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesni!, archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such
sealed proposals will be let. made and en-
tered into; eaid plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
m. of each and every business day. from
the date hereof to the date of said contract
or contracts, at the office- or the faid di-
rectors of said Veterans' Home, room 13,
320 Sansome at.. Ban Francisco, Cal.
Separate bids will be received and separate
contracts let and entered into as herein
above set forth, for each of the following
parts of said building, erection or structure,
, including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled. "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of tbe State in relation to erection
of buildings" (approved March 23, 1876,
Statutes 1875-6. page 427), and the acts
amendatory thereof, that Is to say lor the 1
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work, including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete -work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and g-lazine -work.
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tmning. galvanized Iron and
elating work, and .
Sixth, for the painting and graining.
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions. 1 bills and specifications,, including the
furnishing of materials- and the . necessary
labor therefor.
The work is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac H. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of aaid Veterans' Home, acting
for and on the behalf of its eald board of
directors.
A separate contract will be let for as many
different kinds of ' work as are hereinabove
specified. No bid or proposal will be received
or considered unless accompanied with a good
and sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal. or
bid, with sufficient' sureties, conditioned that
if eald proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party proposing or bidding will duly enter
into a proper contract and faithfully perform
h!s or their contract or contracts, in accord-
ance with said proposal or bid. and the plans,
description*, bills and specifications, which
are hereby made a part of this notice aud
of any contract to be let hereafter. .
Said sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the Eald . directors of tbe Veterans'
Home of California, or to the secretary there-
of, at the office of said directors, room 13,
320 Sansome st. In the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, on or
before the hour of 1 :30 p. m. of the twenty-
second day of March, . 1902 which is hereby
designated as the time and place where the
said scaled bids or proposals will be opened
hy the said directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made. ' .
It in the opinion of said board of directors
of th» said Veterans' Home the acceptance
of tbe lowest of said sealed bids or proposals
Fhall not be for' the best Interests of tbe
State, said board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any of ¦ said bids or pro-
posals opened an in their opinion may be for
the best Interests of the State, under and in
accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 of the said act entitled, - "An
act to regulate contracts on behalf of the
State In relation to erection ¦ and • bulldines"
(approved March 23. ¦ 1876, , Statutes. 1875-6.
pa «re 427). or to reject any or all of said
seeled bid a or orooosals. . -~ .
For further Information and particulars
bidding contractors are hereby referred to
the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
of directors, as hereinabove set forth.
By t>rder of the board of directors of the
Veterans' Horn* of California. - TtfTtimmaL
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
Dated February IO. 1902.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Offlce
of Purchasing Commissary/ Ran Francisco,
Cal.. February 1. 1902.— Sealed proposal* for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, •¦¦ delivered at such
wharf or wharves or pnch warehouses in San
Frand^oo. Cal.; ax per circular to be s«-en at
thin office, will h* received here nnttl - 11
o'clock a. .in.. FRIDAY. February 21. 3P02.'
and ¦ op*ped immediately . thereafter : in ' T>res-
' enr« of bidder*. Specification*, general in-'
FtructlonK to bidders and blank form of pro-
posal will be furnished to established dealers
rm ¦ aTmllcatlpn to W. H. BALDWIN. Major
Commiseary. V. 8. Army. Purchasing Com-
missary.
SPECIAL 2VOTICBS. - !
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
; city or country. PACIFIC - COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5GS0.
SE\VI\G MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.*
ALL kinds bought.' eold. rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3204. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought," sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
I pairing; lowest rates. > Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
; STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. , .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MU-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates., '
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 FUlmore - st. : phone Jackson .281.
SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house. In the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTp Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typfwWer doctors :extimate free. 209 Sansome.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
I The following marriage licenses were Issued
I yesterday:
John Mewhtnney. 65, Potter Valley, and
Alice E. Elliott, 42. city.
Emil Dahl, 23, cliy, and Laura M. King, 19/
city. •
Edward J. Walcott, 21. 435 Grove street, and
Perle M. Spencer, 18, 433 Grove 'Street.
Arthur J.. Lowe. 42, 1331 Pine street, an-1
Alice J. Knight. 24, 1331 Pine street. •
Fred McKay, 23. 2015 Fillmore street, and
Edith M. Staglleh. 21, 1309 Jackson atreet.
Frank A. Hillman, 29, 32 Freelon street, and
Alice Van DuBen, 22, 32 Freelon street.
Charles S. Johnston, 45, 241 Guerrero street,
end Helena Hoist. 43. city.
George R. Bauer. 25. 806 Hayes street, and
Mary V. Peters, 23, . 427 Green street.
Enrico S. Daucherty, 40, Carson, Nev., and
Belle G. Haas, 25. city.
Otto A. Kotelman.' 29, 220 Turk street, and
Bertha Williams, 32, 525 Turk street.
Abraham Rosenberg, 86, city, and Alice J.
Greenbaum, 25, city. ¦
BIRTHS— MAEBIAGES— DEATHS.
' - Birth, marriasre and death notices sent ¦ by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication of flees and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized, to have the same published.
. . BORN-. ;•.
SIMPKINS— In this city, February 19. 1902,
to the wife of Thomas B. Slmpktns, a son.
TUCHLER— In this city, February 10, 1902, to
the wife of Isadore Tuchler. a son. - •
MARRIED.
ALLEN— GILBERT — In this city. February
¦ 19, 1902. by the Rev. W. M. Reilly, rector
of St. Paul's Church, Walter Cummlngs
Allen of Washington. D: C, and Alice Mar-
garet Gilbert of San Francisco.
BAUER— DAY— In this city. February 6. 1902.
by the^Rev. W. M. Reilly. -rector of St.
Paul s Church, Chris J. Bauer and Alleen
Lollta Day, both of San Francisco. .
— DIED.
Berton, Ernest ' ' Hagarty, Mary F.
Booker, Kate E. Hanigan. Patrick
Browne. Dora J. J. Hoelscher. George
Campbell, Duncan Jacobs, Marks s
Cooney. Michael Kelly, Michael
Creran, John Kearney. Margaret
Cuiran, William O. Kerny, Maggie
Dismond, — - Lohse. Bertrand F.
Evers.. Julius J. Munro, William A.
Flick, Marguerite" Spedding, Robert D.
Gilbert, Auguste _White. Harlow. H.
BERTON — In this city. February 19, 1902,
Ernest Berton, dearly beloved husband of
Rose Berton, and beloved father of Leon and
Lou'£3 Berton, a native of Paris, France,-
aged -19 years. . . :
lC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend , the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertak-
ing Comuany, 1209 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cypress "Lawn
Cemetery.
BOOKER— Entered into rest, February 18,
. 1902, In the 5Cth year of her age, Kate E.
Booker, beloved wife of 6. M. Booker of
Hawthorne, Nev., and beloved mother of
Doris D. Benton of San Francisco.
JE7"The funeral services will be held to-
day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at Notre Dame
des Victolres Church, Bush street, near
Stockton. Interment private.
BROWNE— In Oakland. February 18. 1902,
Dora J. J. Browne, beloved mother of Henry
M.. John M. and William E. Detels. a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 60 years 11
months and 5 days.
. - £7Frlend8 - and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday afternoon, February 21, 1902, at 2:30
o'clock, at the parlors of Albert Brown, 468
Thirteenth street. Oakland. Interment pri-
vate. ," ¦• ''i\
CAMPBELL — In Golden Gate, February 20,
1902, Duncan, beloved son of the late Dun-
can and Margaret Campbell, and^-dearly be-
loved brother of Mrs. Mary McLeod and
Mns. Sarah Lyon and the late John and
George Campbell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years 10 months and 2 days.
- cyNotiee of funeral hereafter.
COONEY — An anniversary requiem mass for
the repo8e of the soul of the late Michael
Cooney will be celebrated at Sacred Heart
Church to-morrow (Saturday) morning, at 9
- o'clock.
CREGAN — In this city, February 19, 1002,
John, beloved husband of Catherine Cregan,
father of Mary. Marearet, Madeline and
Eileen Cregan, a native of the parish of
Newcastlewest, County Limerick, Ireland,
a?ed 40 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1123 Treat avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CURRAN — In this city, February 20, 1902
William O-, beloved s^n of Timothv and
Annie M. Curran, and brother of Annie G.
an-1 Kdward J. Curran, Mrs. J. B. Ryan and
the lute Frank Curran. a native . of San
KranclEco, aged 10 years 1 month and 4
day.?.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2 Verona place, off Third- street,
between Folsom and Harrison, thence to St.
j Patilck's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
• Cemetery.
DISMOND— In this city, February 18, 1902.
Dismond, a native of Virginia, aged 51
years and 4 months.
EVERS — At Shell Mound Park. February 19,
1902, Julius John, only child of Augusta and
the late Julius J. Evers. a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 months and 2 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
f ulfy Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at the
residence of Captain Ludwlg Slebe, Shell
Mound Park. Interment ) Mountain View
Cemetery- ' '
FLICK — In this city, February 20, 1902, Mar-
,truerlte Flick, a native of Belgium, aged 63
years 5 months and 4 days.
GILBERT— In this city. February 19, 1902,
Auguste, beloved husband of Jeanne Gil-
bert, and father of William (attorney-at-law)
and Marv Gilbert, a native of France. A
memVer of Franco- Americaine Lodge Nc
207, I. O. O. F.
¦ (CT'Friends and " acquaintances are respect-
JiENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. - •
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS :
20 Fifth sL, opposite Lincoln School. • ¦ "
Telephone South 80.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS. * .'
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.*
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st bet
Taylor aqd Jones. Telephone South 576. ;•
{ J UNITED UNDERTAKERS t
w.JJL Ma 20 Flfth St - Tel. South ier^ I
fWERAL DIBECTORS AND EM&AXMER&.J
"?'¦» Equipment at |
" NEW rlKM Ot* IjinUo.c r AKlikS
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager "for
the United Undertakers' Association; M j"
McBrearty. with . the same company , for 18
! years; P. F. GreenMate with J. C. O'Con-
! nor & Co.. have opened 'new -Funeral Par-'
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.^. Telephone South 44.. ...
REMOVED!
McGinn bros.. .
• FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 226 ¦ McAllister st. -.• (For-
merly of 31 Eddy Bt. ' Tel. South 2S2.) ¦
REMOVAL NOTICE;
On and. after Feb. 22, 1902, we will-occupy
OUR OWN . BUILDING at 1909 Mission st.,
bet. 15th and 10t»J. TELEPHONE MISSION
100.. CHAR H. J. TRUMAN & CO.. 'Funeral
Directors and Kmbalmers. ¦ • ¦-..-• .v -~~m, u
MEMBERS OF THE YOUNG MENS INSTI-
. tute are hereby notlflert to attend a requiem
, high mass at St. Mary's. Cathedral, Van
Ness avenue and O'Farrell street, on Satur-
day morning, February 22, at 10 o'clock, for
the repose of the souls of all deceased mem-
bers of the order.
SACRED HEART. Presentation Convent Alum-
nae — A requiem mass for deceased associates
will be celebrated in the convent chapel Sat-
urday morning, February 22, at 8:30 o'clock."
Members of the Alumnae, former pupils and
friendo . are Invited to attend.
MAY L. NOLAN, President. \
i LIZZIE RYAN, Secretary.
C^Friends are resDectfully. invited to at-
tend the funeral Saturday," at 1. o'clock, from
his late residence. ¦ 220 Ashbury street, be-
tween Hayes and Fell. , Interment private,
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. • • '
(CTThe funeral services will take place to-
day (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, at hi* late
residence, 823 . Golden . Gate avenue. " Inter-
ment i>rlvate. . V-
WHITE — In this city, February -19, 1902, Har-
low Hayden, beloved husband of Nellie 8.
AVhlle, and father of Jerome , B., Edna B.
and Elmer H. White, a native of Madison,
Wld., aged 43 years 3 months and 17 days.
- '¦.»¦ C?"FrIends arc: respectfully invHedT to 'at-
tend the funeral to-day, (Friday), at 8:30
' ¦. o'clock, from the residence : of - her " parents,
N 29 Sanchez street, ', thence ¦ to Mission Dolores
Church, ¦ where a solemn requiem • mass will
be celebrated for the rerose . of her soul at
¦ 0 : o'clock." Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANIGAN— In this city. February 20," 1002.
: - Patrick, . beloved ' husband of the late Cath-
erine Haniean, a native of the parish of
. Coiagen, County Waterford,^ Ireland, aged
.58 years. ,*>.-,. ¦ '-.:•!. -. -'. . ; V
¦ ' ' CTFriends and "acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock," from the parlors
.of Mc-Fadden, • McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion- street, thence . to- St. , Rose's Church,
where a ; requiem high maps will be cele-
brated . for the repose / of .his » soul ' at • 10
-o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery."
HOELSCHER— In this city, February 19,. 1902.
, ' George Hoelscher, a native of Germany, aged
|Eu3 years. ¦¦ .'.- '¦: . ¦ ¦ _. - y ¦-.--.¦ ,
JACOBS^Jn . Los Ansroles, February - 10, 1002.
Marks Jacobs," beloved husband : of - Mary
Jacobs, and father of Isaac. Saul, Mrs.^ M.
Brilliant, Mrs.. M. Springer" and 4 Mrs.- .15.
. Neisser,, aged 83 years 10 months and 0 days.
KELLY — In 'the City 'and County Hospital.
February 20, 1902, Michael Kelly, a . native
. of Ireland, aged 66 years. .- : . ' "... ;-,>:,-.
KEARNEY— In this city. February 19, 1902,
Margaret Kearney, beloved sister ¦ of ¦ Mrs.
¦.Dora Lynch, a native of Kilmallock, ' County
' Limerick, Ireland, aged 62 years. '
KERNY — In the City and County ¦' Hospital,
February 19, 1902. Mangle Kerny, I a native
- of Ireland, aged 49 yeai s. . . - ¦ , - '
LOHSE — In this city, February 20, 1902, Ber-
¦ trand F., beloved con of . Fred and May
¦ Lohse, , Rnd brother of . Lucilo Lohse, ' a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 7 months
and 8 days. ¦• •- ' ¦:.. ,
MUNRO — An anniversary requiem hish mass
will be offered In St. Rose's Church on. the
; 22d of February, at 8 o'clock, for the repose
of the soul of the late William A. Munro.
All friends ! and acquaintances are " respect-
fully invited. .--...< '
SPEDDING — In this "city, February 18, 1902,
Robert Dee Spedding, M. D., a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged 53 years 4 months anJ
13 days. , . . . r
'• fully /invited to- attend the: funeral ¦ Sunday,
.-; February. 23,; at " 12 :30 .0' clock, 5 from the par-
¦ lors ; of . J. '. S. Godeau, ;, 305 Montcomery : ave-
- nue," thence to I. O. O.-F. Hall," Seventh an<l
Mjirket streets, where ; S3rvices . will be held
under • the - ausDlces of * Franco- Americaine
.Lodge No. 207, I. O. O. F., commencing at 2
O'clock.; • ¦-'¦ " . . ¦-.;. .; ..;¦;¦..¦'.;¦¦
HAGARTY— In this city, February 10, 1902,
'. Mary Frances (Minnie), beloved dauchter of
Patrick S. and Hannah ¦ Hagarty. '.. V".. Rain fell generally ¦ j in' Central and
Northern California yesterday. Slight
showers were reported from Fresno and
just a trace of rain from San Luis Obispo.
The rainfall In this city registered .50 of
an. inch. Rain for the northern and central
parts of, the State, with a possibility of
light showers in the south, isthe. weather
prediction for to-day. ; " ,.
South Gets Little Baiu.
Cafe Zinkand serves a substantial busi
ness men's lunch. ¦. . "-.•-,• •:
: More witnesses .we're examined .for the
defense before" Judge ; Fritz yesterday In
the case of Mrs. Heeves Atkinson, charged
with maintaining, a nuisance at 1815 Sut
ter street. > They were: James Ford, " a
plumber : Dr. Baclgalupl ] and j James De
vine, Councilman ' from Sacramento, a
friend of the defendant, who had. often
visited^ . the •. sanitarium. ' None . of . the
witnesses ever heard any unusual noises.
The defense will : be concluded Monday,
when^the defendant will take the stand.
Mrs. Atkinson on Her Defense.
All interested in Oriental Rugs shoul.i
not fail to attend : Mlhran'B auction ' of
Persian Rugs to-day at 2 p. m.,"and also
the special evening sale at 8 o'clock, 332
Post St., near Powell. ...
Mib.ran's«Rug Sale.
LAI50B CANDIDATES LOSE> —
IN THEEE PRECINCT3
Besult of Yesterday's Recount In-
stils Hope Into Breasts of
Supervisors-Elect.
Supervisors Alpers and Eggers grew
hopeful in. Judge Murasky'a court yester
day at the close of the recount. Labor
Candidate E. I. Walsh did not make his
usual gains, and Coghlan lost as many
votes as. Eggers. In the Thirteenth an J
Fourteenth precincts of the Forty-fourth
UTstrict and Second Precinct of the Thir
ty- sixth District Walsh lost 15 votes an-l
Alpers 14, and Coshlan and Eggers each
lest IS. The candidates likely to be af
tected by the recount now stand as fol
lows:
Official Loss to Present
- . Count. Date. Standing.
Braunhart 16.74& 470 16 27'»
Payot ltf.571 4.-J2 16.13SI
Wilson ......... 16.517 620 15 9!>7
Bent 16.112 5W2 13.5SO
Egsera. ......; 15.W0 630 15.31U
AJPf" •• : 15.95.-J 633 15,3W>
Walsh 15.88IJ 234 15 «a
Cogrhlan 1S,68« 251 15.4:»
flnn ,; 15,595 2i8 13.S47
Lyons 13,574 281 13.20::
Alrd 15.825 . 2tH , 15,2tjl
Object to Firemen Painting.
The Supervisors* Fire Committee yes
terday considered the protest of the mem
bers of .the District Council of Palnterjs
against painting by members of the Fira
Department. Joseph TuKe, president of
the Painters' Union, held that the spirit
or the charter is violated when firemen
engage in painting. Fire Commissioners
Watt and Hecht stated the work was done
by the firemen at their own instance and
consisted of painting their own quarter^
There was not money enough in the fund"
though the Commissioners believed the
wflrk should be done by the Board at
Works. The committee urged the com
mission to comply with the charter in tha
matter of repairs.
Dr. Victor d'Ercole. 1604 Stockton street,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
on the charge of disturbing the peace pre
ferred against him by John Valensolo. Va
lensolo claimed that the doctor forced a
fee from him Sunday night at the point
of a revolver. This the doctor denied and
said that Valensolo and his brother came
to his office apparently for the - purpose
of beating- him. and when they told him
that they had, refused- to allow Valenso
16's wife to. use the ¦ medicine , he' had ; pre
scribed he ordered them out of. his office.
The Judge will decide the case to-day. •
Did. Not TJse a Revolver.
The' courtroom- was crowded both* fore
noon, and. afternoon by people anxious to
see the .lucky : prospector and the hand
some girl lie refuses to marry. ,
.Anderson's examination came in the aft
ernoon session, he beir-e- called as a wit
ness for the plaintiff. When he concluded
his testimony, counsel representing the
plaintiff announced that they ; would rest
their case. Anderson will be called to the
stand as a witness in his own behalf
when the case is .called. Monday morning.
- "I pot sick and tired of that kind of
thing," said the little millionaire, and for
the moment his face lost its chimpanzee
smile, i ¦,:'- ¦ (
Anderson gave as his excuse to the De
Brettevillea for his sudden coldness
toward Alma that she had insulted him
by saying. that he, a divorced man, ought
to be proud -to go with a nice young girl
like 'her. . On the stand he .'said 1 that the
real reason why he ceased to call or to
meet her was that | whenever she was
with him she was begging him for pres%
ents. " ¦ - •¦¦-• • ' '..:• ..- ¦¦'-'":.-'•
Viggo de Brettaville. who is a machinist,
told what he knew, of ; his daughter's ro
mance. S He was very much ¦ in earnest
and got very "excited when ' he was-noc
allowed to tell the story in his own ramb
ling, voluble style. He is. a fine-looking
old gentleman, his daughter says , a de
scendant , of ¦ a .: French seneral. The
mother, who also speaks with a strong
foreign . accent, wept when she went oix
the stand. ; , ¦ • • ' .!
Descendant of French General.
...And the millionaire dropped his valise
and danced about as if possessed. Then
Alma appeared and his consternation gave
place to joy. -
"By 'Charley' she meant my client here?
This is the man she loved?" asked "Billy"
Barnes. artlessly, placing his great hand
on the shoulders of Anderson, almost
hiding him from view. - •:
;The sister also told of a little joke. they
fixed, up on "Charley" on the occasion ot
the .trip,; to- Sonoma to ihe- wedding. -• At
the ferry she told him that Alma was not
going. Anderson, she said;.falrly shrieked:
-"What, Alma not going! If she don't
it will be all off with i her! She promised
she would go!" '
break the engagement. Her sister had
said, "Why, Charley, I do love you; and
can be happy with' you if you'll be good
to me." ¦ ; '. . ¦. ¦ .' ¦¦_. , - - ¦
De Bretteville Fam-^
ily Gives Tes- I
timpny. •.
Scene ¦-.. Shifts to
Ocean Cocktail
F^oute.
"I WOULD NOT MARRY THE BEST WOMAN
IN THE WORLD ," SAYS DAWSON CROESUS
Charley Anderson
Growing Wary
nt Spy
Breach of Promise
Suit Trial Re
sumed.
, . -rw NEVER said I would marry
V C II her - J wouldn't marry the best
I woman in the world. I had one
. 1L <3°se of that medicine -and It was
enough. It cost me about $100,
000." .:.;,•',;-,
There you are, ladies, your castles ' In
Spain all tumbled to ruins. You can't
have Charley Anderson, Klondike million
aire. For those were the words that he
used in Judge Kerrigan's court yesterday
afternoon In testifying as to his relations
with Miss Alma de Bretterille, who wants
550,000 to salve her alleged wounded feel
ings by breach of promise. That is, those
were his words as nearly as a boyhood
among the fjords will let him get to the
King's English.
Miss de Bretteville told her story
Wednesday and a good romance It was, ;
prettily and modestly told. Anderson told
his side of it yesterday and now it is his
word against the testimony of five mem
bers of the De Bretteville family and an
outsider or two. If the millionaire de
fendant is to be believed it ¦ was but a
poor, bedraggled Cupid after all that sat
on the seat with him and the stunning
plaintiff while the hoofbeats of his team
Kept time to the heartbeats of the fond
couple. There was a wooing, both sides
agree to that. They differ only on the'
material point as to which was~.the suitor
—the man or the maid. -
Says She Did the Courting.
Anderson is not bothered by gallantry
when it comes to a breach of promise
case, and he did not hesitate to say that
it was the fair plaintiff, the art student,
the Queen's attendant in the tinsel court
of 'he stage, who did the billing and coo
ing and that her wooing was tangled up
with a plethora of cocktails, • luncheons at
the Cliff House, Trocadero and at Mar
chand's and visits to the jeweler.
"When did you first kiss her?" asked
Attorney Farquar.
"I don't remember. It was somewhere
on the road."
"You mean to say she kissed you during
that first drive with Captain and Mrs.
Lundborg?"
"Yes. I thfcik it was after the luncheon
at Trocadero."
"You had wine with the luncheon?"
"Yes, and several rounds of cocktails."
"How did you come to buy her the gar
ters with the jeweled buckles?"
"She said on the way back that she had
lost one and made such a fuss about it
that I said if she didn't stop I'd buy .her
new ones."
"When did you give them to her?"
"On the second drive, two 'days later.
12
TRE fiA^ fFRAy^ISCO O A^
v .'Additional petitions" were .filed .yester
day with the Board of Supervisors signei
by • many, citizens requesting ». that the
board by ordinance i compel ; the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company. to charse
a ; uniform ; rate « for ¦ gas . and ; prohibit dis
crimination "> heretofore : practiced.
"Want .Uniform •, Gas Bates.
'.¦ : Of a . total of 319,243 cases ' imported by
over : thirty brands, \G.<- H. r MUMM'S EX
TRA DRY: aggregated 120,339 cases, nearly
iJO.OOC-. cases ', more than any other , brand
Particular attention: is, called to the qual
ity of Uhis wine; It : is very drv" arid re
sembles ¦' the ; famous : . 1S89 -, vintage, belne
more delicate < and breedy than the 3893
Immense reserves guarantee the main
tenance of -quality.- • ¦.-¦¦>'> •
Champagne Imports in 1901.
-"After quickly taking possession of the
pistols the, officers grabbed the men and
handcuffed them. In a valise hidden un-'
der the bed was found a complete, kit of
counterfeiter's tools, together with a
number of bogus J5 pieces. There was also
a' bunch of skeleton keys in the valise,
which would fit almost any door.
After being taken to the City Prison,
the men were turned over to the United
States authorities. -.^To-day they will be
formally charged with counterfeiting
United States coins. \
Grey, according to the secret service
men, is one of the , most dangerous coun
terfeiters In the country- - Several years
ago he flooded the northern part of the
State with bogus dollars and managed to
escape arrest. Learning . that the secret
service men were on "his trail he came to
this city " and became acquainted with
Horton, the burglar. While Grey was
turning out a lot of counterfeit money,
which he : expected "Horton would .have
little trouble in passing, the house-break
er, became Involved in a dispute ¦ with a
crook named McCallum over the division
of spoils, and a row resulted. Getting they
worst of the . encounter, McCallum shot
Horton in the . leg. . They were both ar
rested at the time, and through the efforts
of The Call their room on Natoma street
was : located. In it t was found the most
complete set of counterfeiter's tools ever
known to the authorities. Through , the
failure of the detectives to prove that tho
plant belonged to them they were released
after, three trials. . - . :
r Grey: is also known to the- police as a
"stick up" man. About five years ago he
was . arrested for beating : an -. aged man •
over the head with a gasplpe and robbing
him of considerable money. He was ac
quitted after a short trial, 'his old victim
being. unable to identify him.
¦*¦ Meyers as far as known . has not been
In trouble before. ". *. ' * ¦:
.Locked up in the City Prison are two
men who the police believe have been
passing bogus $5 pieces at the racetrack
and other public places. Their names arc
Jim Meyers, who is well known in the
tenderloin district.' and Bert Gray, aliao.
Reynolds, alias "Get There Bert." Grey
has been in trouble before for' making
counterfeit money. About two years ago
he and a noted burglar named George
Horton, who is now serving an eight
year sentence in the Oregon penitentiary,
were arrested for having counterfeiter's
tools In their possession. Notwithstanding
that the plant, which was found in their
room, belonged to them, they were ac-.
quitted." . ' : ¦
days ago Meyers and Grey rent
ed a room at 748 Harrison street. Their
actions aroused the suspicion of the land- 1
lady, who notified Police Officers O'Con
nell and Regan. '-- Yesterday .morning the.
officers, went to the room occupied by the
men arid after awaiting a favorable op
portunity. entered. Grey was in bed and
Meyers was in the act of dressing him
self. By the side of the bed were two
45-caliber Colt's revolvers.
Supposed Counterfeiters
Sleep With Revolvers
Lying 1 Ready.
KEEP PISTOLS
NEAR TO HAND
Continue to ; sell '., better: and better \ all th<
tlnie 'at? our,* famous 'carload " ( prices, vt Noi
(only .'trunks' and > but Vdress V suii
, cases;,; traveling. 1 *: setsrH cameras,^ pocket
.books (and •; all ., kinds > of >: leather goods,
whlchi: we letter- in gold, ! free ' of - J charge.
8anborn; yall &«Cp., 7«^Marketst. •
Trunks; and V alises
; Miss 'Anderson remembered for the flrsi
.time since ¦ she | was j shot the exact I words
her I asallant used before he : sent the bul
letjnto.her, side. While she does not speal
English : very;/ fluently i : she • understandf
much k . of jl what ? is i said 1^ to ;- her. r . She ; sale
yesterday rthat when^theman approachec
her.^ he said , ' . "Stop,'-V and '. then when > h«
fired; he;sald,"Now.'you;take :-:-¦.
i?Jf,The: manner of the. assault and the'lan
guage-: attributed ;, to i the -, fiend . whose v re
volver, came near,; ending' the young wom
an s ,llfe \ convince s. the >; police*^thatvthes
must look ¦ for a", man \ whom , some « young
woman s living ' in \ the ; neighborhood auar
reled'with'or: jilted ~r ;;-¦•¦• , ¦* ¦:;¦¦¦-
;VMrs. Norton, who "lives at ; - 312,Suttei
street, ¦ -where : Miss: Freeman' formerly re
sided, was seen yesterday by.;Detectlv<
Reynolds. She' stated f that Almberg was
extremely Jealous of Miss Freeman, 'anc
on-one occasion she' saw him chase hei
in a: threatening manner.?
I The -elimination^ of -Almberg from th<
list- of suspects sets the case back to its
original status— that of a deep mystery. >
Policeman Nelson, 1 assigned to do specia
detective.duty on the ! case by Chief Witt
man, firmly believes • that ' Miss " Andersoi
does not know her assailant: and could no
Identify;, him -. if he i.were ' arrested. ' Botl
Nelson; arid '.the" woman I are 'positive j tha'
she, was a. victim of,. a mistake in identity
The entire .neighborhood | will be searchec
in* .the : hope of locating some; younj
woman # who . . had - a love ;'•• entanglemen
with, a* Jealous . man v that' might • havi
caused him; to attempt her life.. This, ii
practically, the only -hope they : have >. o:
solving the mystery.'-,.^.u. r v
jt'Eiach.- day's developments : ; prove mon
conclusively •:¦ that Une . shooting was • th»
deed of a love-stricken maniac.;. Miss An
derson is : now out . of ' danger, so the phy
slcians | state, > and her mind , is clearing . t
little- every - day. uiTou Policeman -Nelsor
shesgave'lnformatloniyesterday that adds
verification- to the •, theory - that a man's
Jealous ; passion i supplied the -motive foi
crime.-:-..; 1 .,- •¦-;/¦ •-•-•.¦.-•¦¦¦ :,¦.:,••.:¦-¦¦
• : The police feel Justified in ; haying taken
Almberg >into custody.;' to be* questioned
about' the; shooting' for. the reason that ht
.was forcing his attentions onMiss/Mariar
Freeman,;, a youngnwoman "who 'worked
f or a family on . Feir^street; around th;
"corner from the spot? where Miss Ander>
son was shot. Miss Anderson; stated yes
terday that she did' not. think he; was th<
man. . :.-? [¦:.',.;- 1 .• V}''- ¦ ' ' : ' ; v-j •> ;-.;;:"
.;Frahk Almberg.i the" former soldier, who
.was 'arrested 'drifsuspicibn of being impli
cated In :the .shooting of /Annie Anderson!
was released 'from custody yesterday. Sev
eral; members of the Salvation Army' ap
peared, before Captain Seymour, and es
tablished a satisfactory alibi f or .'Almberg.
He vwas ' seen. [at . their 'meeting-rooms on
; Market. :* street -Sunday.,' night; at :the- tim«
the ! youhg^ woman t was ; shot' on • Ashbur >
street. v \..'< — V.Vv^ ; -U- f ' 'V :; il : ¦:' ' :
FRANK ALMBERG
PROVES AN ALIBI
>' Miss Ahnle'delBrettevllle said Anderson
had .told her. sister In" her. presence that
if she" 1 did; not love him they would better
spoke- of >.the. defendant' as "Charley," as
If- he were in the" habit of rubbing elbows
with' millionaires.'.' ¦•"'¦'¦¦¦ ; . \
he declared the ring episode 'all ' a "put
up Job." - Y :„ ; ' .
• She: Who Wanted to fMarry.: . ; - ¦
Anderson v denied' everything : in -detail.'
He said the De Brettevllles : visited him so
often during a few "days' illness that he
had to tell. his landlady not.to let them
in. He said it was she who suggested she
might go with him on a .trip : to • Mexico:
and : said her parents would I not object If
they* were married.- : ¦ v' '-. •• %> •
"She like to. marry * me,". Anderson «ald, ;
"but I don't, care for marry at all." - - ,
• The defendant does not deny-- that he
thinks Miss i de Bretteville a good girl,,
but he denies that he ever safa she was
one ; of. the. best girls In -the. world.. : ¦. ¦..-. .¦¦¦¦
Miss de Bretteville herself .-. at the be
ginning .of ,the. .morning session, related
some, other Instances that seemed proof
of the Klondiker's affection and, esteem.,
He -wanted- to give her a .horse, 'but v her
.mother .would not' let her- accept it; 'be
cause her sister. Miss Annie de Bretteville,
had had a: premonition 'that Alma 'would
be thrown and killed. A former premoni
tion about an accident to her brother. had
come true. ., ' -.. " ¦ ' ' ' v
','Dld.you have no premonition about. tho
rings?" asked W. S. Barnes of Anderson's
;counsel.-r i ..-•"„> .¦ ;- ¦• ' s
"I ¦wasn't afraid the rings would throw
me," was ; the. retort. -¦¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ '. • •. •'..'"'
"But did you expect to throw the man
who bought • the rings?'.'. Barnes I asked
The auestionXwas ruled out.- .
. The plaintiff told of Anderson's saying
:that the DerBrettevilles were ; one'.of the.
finest . families v in ' the • city , and : he , ¦ was
proud to be admitted. to the home.. V. .-,
The other witnesses; came near~ running
the : gamut i of the- nationalities. There
were the ; plaintiff's father, \Vlggo de
, Bretteyille, -a:, dignified ¦ looking, but ex
citable Frenchman; Charles F. Anderson,'
a voluble; Swede from Sonoma," and '1* ;
Quatrolli, a Swiss hotel-keeper of Sonoma.
* ' Court Rebukes Defendant. '
' Miss Annie de Bretteville, -Mrs.' Matilda
de Bretteville land Gustave:de Bretteville
—sister, mother and brother of the plaint
iff — told of various occasions' when l - the
• engagement -.was • discussed . in • their J pres
ence. Once .when- the mother was repeat
ing Anderson's' appeal I to -Alma not .'to
break the engagement Anderson' laughed
in derision. An' angry, flush over
the : plaintiff's ; . : face ¦; and ' tears , of ' anger
and chagrin 1 came ;to ; her; eyes.' .Attorney
Collins called, the court's. attention to An
derson's demonstration and the defendant
was sternly rebuked 1 : by ' Judge : Kerrigan.'
Gustavede Bretteville, !. the 1 youthful,
but herculean brother of .Alma, told : of
a^ visit to < to -j demand that he
call and explain ;to . his* sister why. he had
begun to treat her with' Indifference. • He
The four of us— the , Lundbofes v were
alone— stopped at the Cliff House ;that day
and had luncheon." . : . -• . -'-•-.
"Did you have drinks?" : -'• ••» •
"Yes. We always had. our rounds."
"Did Miss de Brettevllle always drink?"..
"I never saw • her • refuse." ... ''¦'¦
And so It went along, this succession of
drives and drinks and luncheon*,: theater,
seats and opera boxes and bills to pay at
the Jeweler's— at' least, according to the
story of the defendant. ' ¦ -
Anderson eald he bought.- the ! plaintiff
the maraulse riny because -she- 'said she
had seen such beau tifuli rings at Colonel
Andrews' diamond palace and* she- grave
him no peace till he bought her one. "When
he gave it to her.she.putlt on. her, finger,
and holding it up to the light In' a trans
port of Joy, Bald: t : , . i- ¦¦¦>: \
"Ain't it grand?"
"It ousrht to be, it cost enougrh," was
Anderson's. reply. *__/;• .:,.•¦ .¦'.... .:
Wanted'' an Opera I Cloak.' -
Anderson claims he" bought the^second
ring, eet with , pearl and i diamonds, be
cause 6he begged -for it; "also" the furs.
She wanted an opera cloak and he finally
gave her $60 to get one and she got a. dress
instead. ... ... L. ..... _. .... ... .
"You see, I am this way, " Anderson
said In ' explanation; "if ' any body wants
anything and I can get-.lt,,ltls veryhard
for me to say- no. '¦¦ .That's ' the way . I've
lost lots of money." . ,:::;' - ; ..v
Anderson admitted : that • when • he dldn' t
buy Miss de Bretteville what I she wanted
"she got' kind of • cold ¦ and. chilly -and
pouty, as'a.woman will do -sometimes."
Anderson knows 1 the 'ways of: women. He
doesn't look wicked, but -he confessed |to
Miss de Brettevllle's tall- brother and stern
father that'he was wicked and- sinful, 'not
half good enough for -Alma, so they tes
tified. -• ¦¦¦ . .--. .;¦-;•> -J ¦¦-¦ ... .: : :
Miss d© Brettevllle : wanted to go to
grand opera and Anderson paid $60 for a
box and took the family. ". The names were
all in the . papers ¦ next" day.- ., '>-.... ;
"Did you ever give her; money?" coun
sel asked.- •:"•-¦ - ••¦.-'« V - ' ; ' r.~-' '¦¦"¦ .; . h- ¦ - !
"Sometimes when I would see her down-,
town at luncheon she would say she had
forgotten her purse | and had no • car fare."
I never like to be small about such: things
and I would" throw' her'a. twenty or two,";
tne witness replied. ¦'¦¦'.-',•. .- ,- -.- ¦-'¦'.
Anderson evidently, began ? early in : the
romance to look "on It with suspicion, i He
thinks that when he found the ring In hla
piece of cake 1 at* the* Sonoma wedding he
was the victim <of?a sort of shell' game;
that by some hocus-pocus the' ring. was
shot into his bit of cake. :' The minister,
who was a humorous- personage,'- said:
"Mr. Anderson, I -think- I- see in
your plate," and 1 sure enough -there; was
the ring. ' ¦ He •: denies f that ;. ne : then and
there admitted- the engagement and 4 says
THE MILLIONAIRE. DEFEND ANT IN THE BREACH OF : PROMISE SUItV ON THE; STAND, ; ANE (MEMBERS OF. \
THE DE BRETTVILLE FAMILY WHO ARE INTERESTED~IN THE OUTCOME OF' THE ACTION INSTI
TUTED BY THE FAIR; PLAINTIFF. :• ••¦•¦•¦¦ ¦¦ /^ './' : :' :y~-. : : .. ::r >::.'" ",' ¦. : \^'^,'- : . ~'' : .
•— . •• ; f ADVESTJSgMENTS. V. ...^
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BRBBBBBBBBBaBB BaBflBBllfll g
I Square Pianos. I
S We have" taken 42 square piano* ',n trade apd now we're .'going to sell B
5 them. ; •:' , . . g
B • , Every, instrument in the k>t has been put in perfect order m our fac- R
¦ tory. ; . / £
3 Every instrument is fully guaranteed, and every detail of the construe- g
B tion of every, pi?no in the lot will be ; explained to the purchaser. g
B Consequently you will know exactly what you get 11
H "We will sell them for $10 down and j -j
¦a * ¦ ' H
g and charge no interest. 1
¦ * Among the forty we offer are ' S3
E Chickerings Hallet & Davis S
B Haines Hazeltons 5
¦ ¦ Steinway. ' KranUh & Bachs ., • .' ¦
S . Webers • Mathusheks =
g Knabes And others. g
g ON SALE AT FROM $30 TO $200 Each j
n ' ' ' C '" ' O -f
g ¦ : V These pianos are not old styles. They are but little v
a I larger .than an upright; the tone is perfect, and the price is a
H less than half the price of an upright of a similar grade. j 3
H In two years, if you find you would prefer an upright, we
W will take the square piano back, in trade, at the price you paid |j
g e usforit. • •¦•> Q H
I SALE BEGINS at 9 A.M. TO-DAY |
f Benj. Curtaz & Son, |
I ' y CHICKBRING* AGENCY, |
1 16-20 O'Farpeli St.j S. F. 3
B Branch Stores: San Jose, Fresno, Stockton, Alameda. W
BBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
BEBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBflBBBBflBa
B ?-7 w -;."-« ¦ . ¦ ¦ • H
B \T^ 7 Iff r\ 3i \7 " a
I BONUS !
I FOR A STORE IN A CHOICE RETAIL LOCATION ON A |
| PROMINENT THOROUGHFARE 1
3 State Full :•; Address Box 3827 §
£ Particulars, o Call Off ice. g
BIIHIIHIIinillEIIIHIIIBIIBIIBBillllllluS
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1 . 1
THIS WEEK
OFF ON
LADIES'
POCKET
BOOKS.
SEE THEM IN OUR WINDOW.
SPECIAL PRICES OH DRUGS
AND PATENT MEDICINES.
c BRING US YOUD PRESCRIPTIONS
AND SAVE 50 PER CENT.
Prompt Attention to Country Orders.
WE GIVE TRADING 8TAKP8.
WtmmM
ARTIFICIAL TEETH AT COST
Made by Experienced Graduates.
A Perfect Pit Guaranteed.
POST-GRADUATE~DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Taylor St., Cor. Golden Gate Ave.
¦' ' - . ' ¦-'- i >-':''- *
A B ID I £\ Ammunition and Sporting
I 11 I B I t» Goods. Larreit Stock. Ixiw-
I ¦ B 1 l\3 eet Prtce"- Until clos. of
SIS I W U » huc ««r «ea*on will offtr
6HEEVE* BARBER CO.,
739 KtrkrtSt. ni 611 Ketray et
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE ANO'PIO IRON. ,
J. C WIf SON & CO "W Street.
4- W- V 1L JUtl a V'J.. Telephone UaXn 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAJ- DVllsJ IXKAJ Clay. Tel. Mam 1284.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS.
«16 Front at., 8. F. Phone Main 1719.
— — — —
E-CBUfiHES. eiiBa^o^l^a ,r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKg-JUDD CO., .1
p Flr»t atreet, San Franelaco.
Friday and Saturday I
Special Bargains. I
Golden Gate 1
Cloak andSuit House, I
$12.50
New Style Spring R AG -
LANS; brown, tanarid^
- Oxford, with triple
, capes, full value $ 1 5.00;.
•;-:•¦¦¦¦¦ SPECIAL $12.5,0,
$22l5O
Fine ; Quality Taffeta Silk
; LONG COATS; satin
lined -new spring style, ; i
;; elegantly, made and 1
,; tailored, regular, price I
.-. $27.^0.: • ¦.•/ • ¦ I
SPECIAL .$22.50 1
: .: : '$5.pO : ; 7 : |
Quality Black Che-- 1
.'Vipt DRESS ;SK-1RTS, i
new flounce, elegantly J I
¦ madei and -lined/ extra I
value at $6^6.- ¦ . M
$5.0O; I
315XDO I
-Reliab eQuality^: Black I
¦ -Cheviot VV TAIL OR^i
. S U I TS; rie w Eton sty le, I
jacket satin lined i'skirtj 1
v n^^ounce,liriedAvitKJ|
vy-l Italian cloth, extrayaliie ! 1
'•' SPECIAL $15.00 I
$ 1230-1234 Market St. |
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SUlTSvT
Or c^ <2 jr j^^^i
You save money / fcf
by getting a good J ]&<> . t
suit — made to or- is )« §JZ =
der— in our tailor- 'V! r §
Ing department. " : A . vw
One of our suits ,JB r •
will look better, ; ~T\\ t
hold ' Its shape / \l V '
longer and .wear * \ !V ;
a greater length \
of time than any ! \ X »•' •. / .
, ready-made suit l
you can get, and • \
that means real II
economy. jl
ONE |\
DOLLAR \
A WEEK \j
will get one and Jt/tJ , W
you can have it 4Br g&\ KJ
while paying for' ?&*
it.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128 E! is St., Ab: ve P. well.
DR;PIER€ES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
- . FOR THE _
. BLOOD.1IVER.UJNGS.I [*J
X) KRAGEN'S PATENT DAV- '
M^'M^j^^^^ y • ENPOBT DIVAN AND
• v '' CHAIB FOLDING BED. ,:j,'y';
. It^costs lcs^.than;an. Upright or Mantel: Folding 'Bed and. makes 7 a ••.
handsome and usefularticle of furniture .for parlorsor sitting-room^yet' it %
includes'a hair/ mattress -and : a convenient receptacle for bedclothing.. We/
make them in three sizes. [ggtf^^SffijqgiMBBB fz^!! : .-1 > ' ' .'. . ¦ , ,'
• On account of thegreat demand for our Patent Foldinjj' Beds we will',
sell our. stock of Upright ; and; Mantel Folding ¦ Beds . at a\ great ,' sacrifice ;•:•
SO different styles:to ; select ;'fr'om; at prices never^before* offered. *
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO;; fpl5-iqi7iMark6t St.,
Tel-South 371. '^ * Opp. Taylor.