The body of Eleanor Fuller was removed
from the Morgue yesterday afternoon and
taken to an undertaking- parlor on Mason
street, near Geary, where it was prepared
for burial. A few friends gathered in "the
parlors last night, and only a few were
permitted to gaze upon the remains. It
•was the desire of the family that the mor
bidly curious should be kept away.-
The age of the girl is given as 15 years
and 7 months, fine was a native of Eng
land, but has resided in this city the
greater part of her life.
The funeral of the deceased will take
place this afternoon at 1 o'clock from the
( 'alifornia-Etreet Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of California and Brod
crick streets. The youns girl was a mem
ber of the Sunday-school, and her former
essoclates have prepared many appro
priate floral emblems. Rev. A. C. Bane,
the pastor of the church, will conduct the
cervices, which will be of a particularly
impressive character. The interment will
be in Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Continued on Page Two.
Confesses That He Forged
Name to Certificate of
Deposit.
Solemn Services to Be Held
at Church Which She
Attended.
GROSS GUILTLESS
OF THE MURDER
GIRL'S FUNERAL
THIS AFTERNOON
Both Chief Wittman and Chief of Detectives Seymour are besieged with socrcs
of people who profess to know something of the brutal murder and the Identity'
of the man who committed the deed, but when sifted down the information they
give either retards the work of the police or lends additional mystery to the brutal
crime.
The police are running down every clew that might possibly throw light on the
myfctery of Nora Fuller's murder, but thus far they have made little progress.
Clew after clew has been exploded on 'investigation.
The body of Nora Fuller will be interred this afternoon at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. The funeral will take place from the undertaking parlors of Charles
Truman on Mason street, near Geary. The body was removed from the Morgue
yesterday afternoon and taken to the undertaking parlors. .
Detective Coleman, who brought Bennett back from Victoria, was detailed
yesterday by captain Seymour to search the city for the ex-convict. When
found he will be taken around to the various tradesmen who had dealings with
the fctrangler who traveled under the names of Bennett, Hawkins and Scott. The
I oiice have other information concerning the suspect which they refuse to divulge.
DETECTIVES HOT ON THE TRAIL OF SUSPECT.
A hack was in waiting across City Hall avenue and Bennett lost no time in
getting into it. Friends aided him in getting out of town. Later Bennett was
captured in Victoria and Policeman Coleman was sent north to bring him back.
He was tried for the brutal assault upon his wife and sent to San Quentin.
Upon his release Bennett came to this city. The police received information
yesterday that he had been seen a number of times in the neighborhood of Kear
ny and Geary streets, and as lie is a man who Is fond of the society of young
girls, they sent detectives on his trail io run him down.
When the policeman returned to the ward again Bennett was fully dressed
end back in bed again. He kept the bed clothes pulled up over him to hide his
street clothes, and a little later, when the guard again left the ward for a mo
ment Bennett made his escape through an open window.
• Bennett remained at the hospital until October 14, when he made a sensa
tional escape. The policeman who had been detailed to guard Bennett was re
quested by the prisoner to go into the drug department and get some medicine,
and while he was gone the prisoner got out of bed and donned a suit of clothing
that had been ex'idently slipped into the hospital by friends, and which he had
concealed under his bed.
Then Bennett slashed his own throat- When the police arrived the room
was bespattered with blood and both Mrs. White and Bennett were found to be
In serious condition. The woman was treated for her injuries in the room
where the struggle took place, but Bennett was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
On the night of October E Mrs. White was sitting alone in her room, when
Bennett, who had been lying in wait for a good opportunity to murder her in
cold blood, entered stealthily and locked the door behind him. He was armed
with an ugly looking knife. The woman screamed for help, but before she could
make a second outcry he throttled her tind drew the' sharp blade across her throat.'
BENNETT TBIED TO SLAY HEB, IN COLD BLOOD.
Bennett's wild infatuation for his ex-wife caused the police more or less trou
ble from time to time, and he was repeatedly warned to cease bothering the
woman.
Mrs. White finally moved to 14 McAllister, street and kept her place oL resi
dence a secret for some time. But Bennett finally found her out and deliberately
laid liis plans to murder her. He visited the landlady of the house at 11 McAllis
ter street, and without making known his identity engaged lodgings on the sama
floor with his ex-wife.
Bennett made the attack upon his divorced wife for which he was sent to San
Quentin in her rooms at 14 McAllister street on the night of October 8, 1S97. The
woman had been granted a divorce from him shortly before, with permission to re
sume her former name, Mrs. Villa White. Bennett was extremely annoying to
the woman after their legal separation. He hunted her from place to place and
she could not evade his persistent attentions. He was a man of peculiarly jealous
tendencies, and the woman was in mortal fear of him. She changed her lodgings
Tepeatedly to escape him, but he always succeeded in locating her.
Since his release from the penitentiary James Bennett has been in San Fran
cisco at different periods. Neither Captain Seymour nor Chief Wittman will ad
mit that they have discovered any tangible clew tending to implicate Bennett in
the Fuller murder, but the facts connected with his attempt to end his divorced
wife's life and certain characteristics of the man cause him to fce suspected. What
is more, the description of the elusive John Bennett, alias C. B. Hawkins, fits the
ex-convict exactly.
The suspect's name is James G. Benrett, and he was sentenced to San Quen
tin by Superior Judge Wallace on February 5, 1SS7, for slashing his divorced wife
across the throat with a knife.
THE police are tracing the movements of an ex-convict to determine
whether or not he had any connection with the mysterious disappearance and
subsequent murder of Nora Fuller.
At an early hour this morning Captain Seymour declared he could con
ceive of no motive for the fiendish crime. This lack of any known motive
makes it doubly necessary to run down every clew, and the suspicion di
rected against the ex-convict for whom the police are now searching seems pecu
liarly well founded.
Police Are Trying to Locate Him With a
View to Holding. Him for
Identification.
Man Who Tried to Cut His Wife's Throat
Answers Description of Alleged
, Murderer.
EX-CONVICT JAMES G. BENNETT WANTED IN CONNECTION
WITH THE MYSTERIOUS MURDER OF ELEANOR FULLER
PLANNING A GIGANTIC THRUST BY MERGING INTO ONE SYSTEM THE LEADING
EXPRESS COMPANIES OF THE UNITED STATES, WITH HARRIMAN AT THE HEAD
Important Changes in High Departments
of Wells-Fargo Corporation Are
Foreshadowed.
Inside Knowledge of the Coming. Combine
Causes the Stock to Advance
, Fifteen Points.
COMING events cast their shadows before. An event foreshadowed at this
time is a gigantic trust embracing the four leading express companies in
the United States. It is noted as a significant fact that the stock of
Wells, Fargo & Co. has advanced fifteen points since February 1, going
from ,130 to 205. An^upward tendency too strong to be called purely sym
, pathetic is observed In the stock or the American, Adams and United
States Express companies. In a big merger of this character many divisions of
interest must be considered and many claims of personal recognition taken
into account. It stands to plain reason that a large' retinue of high salaried
officers representing respectively the four separate managements will not be re
quired to perform the work of general administration under one management.
No doubt many of the old-time attaches and agents whose activities in the ex
press business began a third of a century ago will be compelled by the force
of events to retire from the service to rest or be forced to seek engagement in
some other line of industry, -..if"
HARBIMAN FOR PRESIDENT.
Word comes by private message from the East that E. H. Harrlman, presi
dent/of the Southern Pacific Company, will be elected to the presidency of the
Wells-Fargo Express Company at the next annual meeting of the stockholders
of the last named corporation. The Insiders would not be surprised if higher re
sponsibilities were Imposed on Harriman. He may be selected as the president
or active manager of the great express trust. As to Harriman's election to the
presidency of the Wells-Fargo Company there is hardly a question of doubt. It
appears that such selection was in contemplation when Dudley C. Evans was
recently, elected president. It was then announced that Evans was chosen to
fill the place temporarily. In -the light of subsequent events It is clear that the
scheme, to consolidate the leading companies . was then under advisement. It is
said that Evans will be assigned to duty as general manager, to succeed A.
Christiansen, in which position he will have a great deal of responsible work to
perform and b'e next to. the president 'n authority.
rT.ATt.ir TO SUCCEED TITTJS.
.. G.. G. Clark, head of the: forwarding department and at present acting gen
eral agent, will be promoted to the general agency as the successor of H. W.
¦ Titus. ' The latter, whose service with the company dates back to the sixties,
was appointed general agent twelve years ago. His health is so badly impaired
that be may request assignment to a field of employment where the work is not
exacting. Clark is an old-timer in the service of the express company. He be
gan his work for "the corporation in 1S68 and has steadily advanced in favor and
'-w'OTth*eS^stece~\hat*tImeV l! S^--'^ "^ '-'"•"W- '- rr '¦; — r,— .. -„¦ - *¦¦- *« <— '
- A^Christiansen/wfiose place as manager will be filled by D. C. Evans, may
: : be "assigned to a subordinate place In San Francisco or be transferred to the
East. There will be other changes along the line, such as promotion, transfer ¦
' and • retirement. , It is believed that the Wells- Fargo people will obtain ample
recognition in the great trust.
ANGLO-JAPANESE TREATY
MAY SOON CAUSE CLASH
Agreement'ls Regarded as an Ultimatum
, to Russia to Evacuate Manchuria.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.'.W.. WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— Besides
creating the most profound sensation and occasioning the greatest surprise, the
publication of the Anglo-Japanese treaty is looked upon in official circles here
as in itself an ultimatum to Russia to evacuate Manchuria. The convention be
tween Russia and China for the gradual evacuation of Northern China .was to*
have been signed two weeks hence. In view oV the alliance of Great Britain and
Japan, China may now refuse to sign the convention. .
Such refusal, it is stated on high authority, will be followed by the retention \
. of Russian troops In Manchuria, But, if this be done, then Great Britain and
Japan must act under the treaty signed by them to expel Russia, Certainly
Russia will resist expulsion, and France, whose interests necessitate her act
ing with her ally, will be drawn into the conflict. To officials and diplomats
here the danger of the Manchurian situation has been intensified by the publica
tion of the Anglo- Japanese treaty. This statement may be regarded as setting
forth the views of this Government:
/ ATTITUDE OF UNCLE SAUL
» In his circular note of July 8, 1900, to the powers, Secretary Hay announced
as the fundamental principles of the policy of the United States the preservation
of the territorial integrity of China and the maintenance of tha "open door."
The Anglo- Japanese. treaty, supports these principles. Consequently It meets
with. the full approval of the United States. This Government has not been In
vited to become a signatory to the arrangement, nor could It and Its historic
policy adhere to It. :-. V . r. • . . •
Count Casslnl, the Russian Ambassador, declined to-night to discuss the treaty
or its effect. upon the policy of this Goverment From the Japanese Minister
The Call correspondent obtained this statement:.
"The. treaty Is not Intended as a menace to any power whatever. It Is fully
in accord with the avowed policies of all the powers, without exception, which
have interests in the Far East. It i« certainly in accord with, the policy of the United
States. It has no reference to the' present convention being negotiated by Russia
with China regarding the evacuation of Manchuria, whatever the effect, direct or
indirect, may be. • It is not aimed at any particular part of China, or any particu
lar power, but is Intended to do just what • it ' says— maintain the Independence
and territorial 'integrity, of .China and Korea and preserve equal opportunity for
the trade of all ¦nations .In those countries."
The refusal of Count Casslnl to discuss tha. treaty v makes it difficult to obtain
Russian views,' but officials here understand that the St. Petersburg authorities
will not permit the treaty to hasten their- action in China.
. ; RUSSIA'S POLICY IN CHINA.
* "'Russia -holds that' she has observed the. most correct policy In China. At tha
beginning of the Boxer outbreak* an attack by the Chinese troops upon her ter
ritory - necessitated the subjugation and occupation , of Manchuria. To prevent
< a recurrence of this attack and to adequately, protect her railroad Russia must
obtain safeguards from; China. The "United ~ States', fully recognizes this fact,
but has. however, protested against the conclusion, of an arrangement between
China and the.Russo-Chinese Bank; under which that Institution is given exclu
sive concessions' in, Manchuria, Germany is a; factor }n the • Manchurian ques
tion, and, her attitude with respect to the treaty is of the utmost importance.
That she will not adhere to the treaty Is at once apparent. Her relations with
Great Britain would not permit such action. Besides, Germany's Interests in
"Shantung are identical with" those of Russia in- Manchuria. It is possible, there
fore, that 1 in case of trouble she would line up with Russia' and France as
against Great Britain and Japan. B@w£9ipQ£
- Diplomats in Washington have, not failed to calculate the benefits which the
signatory nations obtain from the' treaty. Great. Britain's -prestige in China has
been considerably affected by her 111 success in Southern Africa. In. case of
trouble she could spare but few troops for, the . Manchurian campaign. Her en
tires;navy;,could;take 1 , part In the conflict, but Its participation would be unim
portant ¦ unless France •' were - to be drawn Into the conflict, as Russia i has only
a -. small merchant : marine and her ¦ coast line is short. Japan would thus have
'. Continued on Page H« ,%
r "tT y 'HE above is a ¦; picture ' of : ' Nora --'Fuller /exactly- as,' she- appeared oh the~day shele ft her. home £
-* to meet' the. mysterious Bennett. : . It] is -an-, exact reproduction 'of the, unfortunate girl, show
ing her in the clothes 'she zvore zvhen: she. went 'to her t dooin: "[This picture, may be of -belief
lice in apprehending her murderer. v Has any , one' seen (his giHl-alone^orinthecompanyof-a^nan,
since January n?' ¦• - ; -' / "h*---: ' : " ' • .¦¦.;¦. " : --v ; ''¦¦. "'¦¦¦'¦ ¦'.'- ¦ •.: •—-'¦-.;•, ;•-,;'¦¦-•:;¦;¦; ...
'•¦• '.'.:, •¦•:¦; >•"-: . . • ¦,¦"•.¦¦¦¦¦¦;:'-¦¦•::¦ ¦•-•. " • •; ; ¦.'. ¦-' . ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ • '¦¦;¦••¦ ¦'•:-.'',
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.-NO. 75.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 33, 1902;
Charles Gross, attorney at law and
club man, who was wanted for passing a
forged certificate of deposit for $613 95,
was arrested last evening at the Sixteenth
street station, Oakland, by Detective Ross
Whittaker. Gross was In Marysville when
he saw the story of his crime in The Call
and he wired to Attorney John T. Greany
informing him that he would leave for
this city aj once to "square"' himself.
On receipt of the telegram Greany went j
to police headquarters and asked that' a ,
detective be sent to head off Gross :
Greany was afraid that he would attempt
to go into hiding. By telephoning Captam
Seymour learned -that Gross had left
Marysville and was on his way to this
city. Detective Whlttaker was sent across
the bay, with instructions to board the
incoming train from Marysville *nd ar
rest Gross.* On the arrival of the train
at the Sixteenth street station .Whittaker
saw Gross standing on the platform of
The San Francisco Call.. ~ ,.* " ¦ ¦ ¦ • ?
AN EX-CONVICT WHO IS WANTED BY THE POLICE IN CONNECTION
WITH FULLER CASE AND A -CITIZEN WHO THOUGHT HE SAW
BENNETT, ALIAS HAWKINS. I ! . «;
Continued From Page One
GROSS GUILTLESS OF THE MURDER
the wound in his eye while either in the
British or the Chilean navy. He resembled
Krone's description of the murderer of
the Fuller girl in several ways, the print
ers say. • .
Fire broke out last night in the Bart
lett paper can. and; box factory at 434
Jackson street and caused about $3000'
damage."- The : origin of the blaze Is un
known. J This Is the second time within
six months that the place has caught fire.
Fire in a Factory.
Swaine was appointed assistant division
superintendent when Superintendent Prior
was transferred v recently to > Sacramento.
Before that time he was the Southern Pa
cific * | Company's . y resident engineer ' in
charge of the Los Angeles-Yuma division.
Superintendent Muir resigns on 1 Saturday
to enter, the employ ' of H. E. Huntington
in the Los Angeles street railway system.
"E. L. Swaine,' who has been Division Su
perintendent Mulr's assistant, was yester
day appointed by , Manager. Agler of the
Southern Pacific Company acting superin
tendent of the Los Angeles division until
further notice.;- ¦ .
Until" Iluir's" Successor Is
• Selected. '
Takes Charge of Los Angeles Division
SWAINE IS APPOINTED .
ACTING SUPERINTENDENT
Sheriff Overhauls a Suspect.
¦SAN JOSE. Feb. 12.— Some excitement
was created here this, afternoon by. a re
port that a man answering, the .descrip
tion of "Bennett," the suspected mur-
Mrs. Kate Herbert, a janitress 'em
ployed at the Cooper Grammar School
and residing at 2116 Jones street, was
brutally beaten by her son Ralph last
night. The unfortunate woman went to
police headquarters, bleeding from her in
juries, and reported her son's cruelty. She
said he was an idler; and forced her -to
give him money to spend for drink! . Upon
refusing him money last night he threw
her down and kicked her on the face and
body, she said. Herbert was arrested and
charged with battery. .
Brutal Son Beats His. Mother.
PENDLETON, Or., Feb. 12.-A report
reached here to-day from Grant County
that. "Tim"- Towhsend, who is under ar
rest , on 'a 'charge of horse-stealing, has
been taken from, the officers and lynched.
The report cannot be verified, as ithere is
no telegraphic j communication with the
scene of 'the reported lynching. The feel
ing ; among \horsemen in the interior is
bitter toward those who have lately
stolen large numbers' of horses, and- an
organized . effort is being made to bring
the offenders to Justice. It is quite prob
able that the rumor of the lynching Is
based upon fact. - : .
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
Report of,: Horsethief ' s
Execution Reaches
Pendleton.
At one time the copy of the Denver
Post of January 9, which was found in
the Butter-street house, 'promised to fur
nish a clew that would serve to unravel
the hideous mystery of the Nora Fuller
murder, but a full investigation of that
feature of the case has shown that in all
probability the manner in. which the pa
per was brought to the room where the
body of the girl waa found will never be
ascertained until the murderer is cap
tured.
The paper In question did not reach Sari
Francisco until January 12 or 13. It was
addressed to the Union of Railroad Km
ployes, room 211 Parrott building. Th'e
secretary of the order was In the habit
of * caving this . particular, paper for
Charles Hurlburt of Denver, who was in
the city between January 5 and 15 as a
delegate to the convention of railroad em
ployes. Hurlburt was . questioned fully
by telegraph by The Call when the paper
was first found, but was unable to say
where he might have left It or into whose
Mystery of Copy of Denver
Post Seems Past So
lution.
It. is needless to say the- Tribune pub
lished full particulars of the attempt; at
suicide and did . scoop . the Times. ~
Bennett left Lbs Angeles shortly" after
ward and always told a story of receiving
Many at. once rushed into the building
among them a" number of Tribune re
porters. The bullet had entered Bennett's
eye. and while the fellow was .bleeding
and in pain. he looked up at the news-
Fiaper. men, .saying: ."Here's "a -sensation
or the new, paper, and we've scooped the
Times.'.' ,- '¦ . .. :
Bennett, because of trouble with his
wife, had resolved to kill himself. A short
time before he had been discharged from
the Times composing-room. The Tribund,
u. new morning paner, was about to be es
tablished. In brooding over his self-de
struction Bennett remembered his-.treat
ment by the Times and he declared he
would not kill himself until after the new
paper started and then he would do it
in such a way that the Times would get
scooped.' Besides he wanted his death
to be a spectacular one. | Bennett was not
close with this information and at the
headquarters of. the printers in the 'va
rious saloons it was common gossip, this
suicide of Benrtett's. In fact many of the
boys thought the fellow was' only fooling
and did not pay much attention to him.
Monday morning the Tribune was to
appear. All that night Bennett hung
around town 1 - and about 3 --o'clock went
over to 'the Times office to see the paper
on 'the press. As soon as the first paper
was off Bennett rushed out to kill him
self. He knew -the new paper would be
late and in this way he hoped to scoop
the Times on his own death. Across from
the Tribune office oh Spring street was
the old United States Hotel, then in the
course of being torn down to make room
for a more substantial building.- -Bennett
waited until he saw some passersby com
ing and then he hurriedly entered a room
on the. lower floor and placing the revol
ver to his head fired what he supposed
was a fatal shot. -. . : . =
SAN JOSE, Feb. 12.— John Bennett, the
printer of Los Angeles, Salt Lake and
Denver, whom a number of San Fran
cisco printers declare resembles the de
scription given of the murderer of. Nora
Fuller, was a peculiar . individual. A
printer of this city who knew "Bennett
well related to a Call reporter a number
of incidents ¦ connected with the latter's
life. He said Bennett was. partial to the
fair sex and was a great ladies' man.
Besides this he was an accomplished liar
and was at home iii' the midst of all
classes, not because of his likeness to
Ananias, however. That the fellow .was
eccentric and somewhat queer id shown
by the attempt he made to commit sui
cide in Los Angeles in 1SS6.. <
If tbe paper was secured from the as
sembly rooms in the Parrott building it
was done between 'the adjournment of
the convention in the afternoon and the
arrival of the day Janitor at 5 o'clock.
The Janitor is positive he never toolj a
copy of the Denver Post' from the assem
bly room, but gathered up all. the papers
every evening and threw -them into the
chute which conveys the rubbish of the
building to the scavenger's receptacle for
it. The man who hauls the rubbish away
from the Parrott building .to a crematory
says that he never removed a paper from
hiar load or gave one to anybody that he
can recollect. Thus every effort to trace
the paper to the Individual who carried
it to the Sutter-street house at least threft
days after the disappearance of Nora
Fuller meets with disappointment.
made to the police yesterday
by John J. Ibbotson, a solicitor, employed
by the Pacific Wine and Spirit Gazette.
He said that six years ago he became ac
quainted with a man named Andrew J.
McPike, a solicitor, residing at 712 Post
strset, and had met him at various times
during the following three years, and that
his description tallied in a remarkable, de
gree with that given of the man who
rented the. premises at 2211 Sutter street
under the name of C. B. Hawkins. He
¦Was a man of medium height and had a
peculiar cast in his left eye. • - :
The story was repeated, and, as usual,
it grew In the repetition until Ibbotson
was made to say that the man to whom
he referred had gone under the name of
Bennett and had also told him that he
once adopted the alias of Hawkins on ac-
hands it might have fallen. He- said he
might have left it on a table in a restau
rant or even carried it to ' his rooms at
The Oaks, a hotel on- Third street, near
Mission, but his impression was that he
never took the paper from the assembly
room in the Parrott building, where the
convention was held. Inquiry at The
Oaks Hotel and a careful examination of
the register back as far as December 1
failed to reveal any one stopping there
who answered the description of the man
who rented the Sutter-street house or
any handwriting that resembled his. That
Hawkins Or Bennett secured the paper in
a restaurant is made improbable by' the
statement of F. W. Krone, who says the
murderer took three meals a day in the
Popular "restaurant on Geary ; street.
Hence: he would scarcely eat elsewhere.
Hurlburt "never ate at the Popular res
taurant, and therefore did not .leave the
Denver Post there. ." : ' ' ...
WHAT was thought for a time
might lead to important dei
velopments in the Fuller miifr
der case was a statement
derer of Nora Fuller, was at work on a
farm in the eastern foothills near Alum
Rock. The information ¦ was given to the
Sheriff's office by a- farmer living in that
vicinity. Sheriff Langford and Deputy
Starbird at once went out in search of
the man. He was found on the Adams
ranch on the Story road near. Alum Bock
One glimpse of him was enough to sat
isfy the Sheriff he was not- "Bennett "
The suspect gave, his name as Peter Hla
ton. He came from San Francisco two
weeks -ago and secured work on the
Adams ranch. He gave an account of
himself, and besides he did not resemble
Bennett. ;
Any possibility of a. connection between
him and Hawkins or Bennett was de
stroyed by the fact that McPike has not
been in San Francisco for several months
until about ten days ago, when he came
down* from Tuolumne County, where he
has been making his headquarters. He
was in the city on Saturday afternoon, at
which time he was seen by Ibbotson, and
hence arose the suspicion that the mur
derer had been recognized on the street.
McPike has not been seen by any of his
relatives this week and it is supposed he
has returned to Tuolumne County.
' An Investigation showed that the An
drew McPike referred to by Ibbotson is a
brother of H. C. McPike', the attorney, of
this I city and son of Andrew McPike of
2525, California street. The man In ques
tion Is of medium height, has a brown
mustache and his left eye is marked by a
decided cast. » " .
count, of some' family troubles. All of
these latter statements were the lncre
'ment of rumor and in nowise, authorized
by Ibbotson.
While Attempting
Suicide.
... • • x
Receives injury to Optic
'COLORADO PAPER .
IS NOT TRACED
PRINTER BENNETT
SCOOPS THE TIMES
Solicitor Ibbotson Thinks He Recognized Murderer
From the Descriptions Given of Hawkins,
but Proves to Be Mistaken.
MORE DESCRIPTION
OF JOHN BENNETT
Points to Aid Observant Peo
ple in Catching Mur
derer.
That no stone shall be left unturned -in
aiding the police and the public In having
a full description of the man "John Ben
nett," the following additional character
istics and physical features of the mur
derer may prove of invaluable service in
the Investigations which are being prose
cuted in all directions:
Bennett has a lone neck.
Wears about a sixteen collar.' .
With the exception of the time when h->
donned clerical garb, which was eight years
ago, Bennett has always worn a turned-down
collar.
Bennett's chin always rests upon his collar
His head inclines, as though in deep thought
He has a preoccupied air at all times. , . '
. Even when walking, with his long: military
stride, he carries his head down and chin rest-
Ing on collar.
He wore at all times a black sack suir
His overcoat was dark blue with velvet col
lar.'
Bennett was accustomed to wear a black
Derby hat. t •
His voice Is not deep, but is anywhere be
tween barytone and tenor.
If he were to sing he might be described as
a second tenor.
His reticence is a characteristic which is par
ticularly noticeable.
The night Nora Fuller met him at the restau
rant he weighed in the neighborhood of 179
pounds.
Plot Pormed in New York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— In a report bv
the police of this city to the Italian Kni
bassador in "Washington and the Italian
Consul in New York, the direct assertion
is made that the killing of King Humbert
w*as planned here. The police have named
the men who have conspired with Bresci
Many of them are still at liberty.
one of the cars and he placed him under
arrest. Gross was then escorted to this
side of the bay and taken before Captain
Seymour. When asked if he had com
mitted the forgery Gross replied that he
had. ¦
"I am guilty all right," he remarked
"and I want It understood that I was
alone in the job."
He then confessed to having erased the
name of Ann Kinsella, which wa3 written
on the certificate of deposit, and inserting
.his own. Taking 53S0 from his pockei
Gross banded the money to the head of
the detective bureau with the remark
"That is all I have left of the money I
stole; kindly see that it is given to the
lady I so basely robbed."
Gross was then taken upstairs to the
City Prison and formally charged witn
forgery. . ,
The clever manner In which Gross op
erated gives rise to the opinion that this
was not the first Job of the kind perpe
trated by him. The certificate of .deposit
manipulated by him has been placed in
the hands of an expert photographer and
enlarged negatives were made yesterday
Under, the microscope the erasure made
by Gross is plainly visible, although under
the naked eye the use of chemicals can
not well be discerned. When Attorney
Greany. wrote the order to pay the
amount specified in the certificate to Ann
Klnsella he used a fountain pen. Gross'
handwriting is clumsy and he has a
habit of making, his letters . very laree
On the contrary, Attorney Greany writes
a delicate hand, and when Gross insert
ed his own name in the place of Ann
Kinsella's he sought to imitate Greanv's
handwriting. This he did not succeed well
in doing, but at a casual gRince the Im
posture would not be noticed. The color
of .the ink, however. Is quite different
and clearly indicates that the name of
the payee was inserted at a time other
than that on which the order to nav bv
Greany was .written. *
As the self-confessed, forger resembled
in a general way the description of the
man who met Eleanor Fuller the dav aha
disappeared Captain Seymour sent for
several people who claim to have met her
slayer and asked them if they could iden
tify Gross. After looking at him they all
declared that he was not the man whom
the police know as Bennett or Hawkins.
Accuses Former Tenant of Arson.
SAN JOSE,' Feb. 12.-G. W. Brandt, who
formerly resided on Minnesota avenue
near San San Jose, was arrested in Stock
ton to-day on a charge of arson. The
complainantjs J. C. Arthur, an orchard
iBt, from : whom Brandt rented a house.
The two men had . some trouble and Ar
thur declares Brandt tried to burn the
house after he had vacated it Brandt
will be brought back for trial. . •
In view cf the fact that the results of
the investigations of the City Chemist
failed to find any trace of poison in the
murdered girl's stomach, the possession
of cyanide of potassium by Parlane on
December 29 and subsequent thereto does
not assume the importance that it would
have Immediately following the discovery
of the body. At the autopsy the abnor
mal fluidity of the blood of the victim was
noticed, and as this condition may arise
from the administration of poisonous
cyanides particular attention was direct
ed to their detection in the analysis of
the stomach. Assuming the results of
that Investigation to be correct, as they
undoubtedly are, any supposition that an
Illegal use of cyanide of potassium was
made by Parlane is rendered untenable.
LOUIS J. PARLANE. brother «>f
the murdered Nora Fuller, on De
cember 29 purchased a quantity
of cyanide of potassium at the
Boulevard Pharmacy, 1198 Fulton
street. He jgave as his reason for want-
Ing the poison that he had a quantity of
silverware to clean. At the same time
he bought a tooth- brush with which to
apply the cyanide to the ware. He told
the clerk he was familiar with the sub
etance, having used it on numerous occa
sions in polishing silverware, and realized
its dangerous nature. He signed the
register which is kept for recording the
tale of deadly poisons, giving his resi
dence as 1514 Fulton street, where Mns.
Fuller lived until after the disappearance
of her daughter.
Parlane does not deny the purchase of
the poison, which he said he used for the
purpose he gave when he bought the
cyanide. He was perfectly frank In dis
cussing the matter. •
Purchase of Poison
by Dead Girl's
Brother.
LYHCHERS TAKE
TOWNSEND'S LIFE
"Nora assumed charge of the other
children from the home, taking them
back and forth* to school. Except on
those occasions she kept very much to
herself most of tne time and seemed dis
inclined to associate with the other chil
dren.". . . v
"In many respects Nora was different
from most children of her age. For one
thing, she was inordinately fond of read
ing. Fiction of any description was her
delight, and she spent many hours in
tently perusing literature of this descrip
tion when she should have been studying,
v. "Again, . she • displayed : a precocious
knowledge . of the world and its ways,
which at times was astonishing for a
child of her age. She was refined in her
manner, and this I attributed to her
mother's teaching, as Nora had informed
me that Mrs. Fuller taught French and
other accomplishments of like nature for
a living.
At the Washington Grammar School the
tttfeher who-.had charge of the seventh
grade during the early part of 1899 re
membered Nora Fuller. Khe said: "Nora
Fuller was well advanced for her age.
Here is the date of her entrance, Feb
ruary 6, and she attended regularly to
April 4. Then she was absent for three
weeks, and when she returned on April 24
she told me she and her sister had been
on a visit to San Francisco. •
lhc girl, a*. 1, remember her," said the
assistant matron,: y\va& full of spirit and
me, as chiiuren of her age are apt to be.
ti.t; gave tlie matron eonsicieraD.e trou-
Ujc curing her- stay at the ' home, and
At«s. iiov. aril ustd to rcmarlt that if stie
tutfk her eyes ull Nora for live mlnutea
sfctTwould not be able to llnd her. Nora
went to school regularly, and, except that
the was ditticult to control,' was a cheer
lul, lovable' giil. Mrs. Fuller sent :l'or
tne two Kirls after a few months and we
have netver heard- of • them since. The
nev.s of Nora's terrible death has*t>een a
bhock to those who knew her while she
was in the home. The pictures of the
girl as printed in the papers show some
changes, but they are easily recognizable,
especially those taken two or three years
aao."
SAN JOSE, Feb. 12.— Nora Fulier, whose
mysterious murder is just now attracting
the attention of 'the entire State, was an
Inmate of the Pratt : Homo in this city
from February, x :l!sS9, until the following
June. Her younger sister, ¦ Sybil,' was
with her, and the-two attended the Wash
ington Grammar Scho"ai.; ' In . connection
with the Pratt Home there is a children's
department known asf the Sheltering
Arms, and here it was the children were
p.aced by their mother. Mrs. Howard,
itjo niaUoii at ¦ the i:o>ne at that time, is
now utad, but the assistant matron re
calls tin.- chi;dren. At. the time the
hiuthe; 1 informed the matron that the
tin. ill en's. i\ix.un was not Sillier, but that
i- uner was mo name of their stepfather.
U.h'0 a&siilai.c mation is unable to recail
liie iiaiiic ot JYlrs. fuller's former hus-
LtLiid us she gave it, but she is almost
t.^t-illve it was b'ariane. - .^~t~
Matron of the Pratt Home
in San Jose Tells of '
Nora Fuller.
READING FICTION
HER AMUSEMENT
, ':; concernir^ his whereabouts . on
the ... day of the, murder. He denied
that" he * ever . .met :- Nora Fuller or
that .:„ he knew anything about' the
advertisement .which; was inserted in
a morning newspaper and which the girl
answered. Bentley: was accompanied; by
Richard Williams, who is known as the
"bird man", on account of having a num
ber of trained birds, which he exhibits at
the Cliff House. , At the request of both
men they were taken < to the restaurant
where Bennett:is supposed to have taken
his meals. The proprietor and the
cashier, after looking at them, positively
declared that neither was the man they
knew as Bennett. . Subsequently they
were taken- to. the, furniture store where
the bed which was found in the house
where the unfortunate girl was murdered
was bought. The salesman who had sold
the bed was forced'to laugh when he was
asked to identify either of the men as
Bennett. He declared that they did not
bear the slightest resemblance to the
man. Thoroughly satisfied of their inno
cence. Captain Seymour refused to fur
ther investigate their movements, after
assuring them that he was convinced that
they had nothing to do with the murder.
TT^TtENRY BENTLEY,' who is also
1 1 j I known as:- Captain ; Davis, .was
II II taken before , Captain 'Seymour
lL : '~JLL yesterday and closely questioned
Neither He Nor Williams,
the Bird Ian, Knew
: Victim of Murder.
Bentley Proves His
Innocence to
Police.
/THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY; F EBRUAB V ! 3 . 'linri.
POLICE BUSILY ENGAGED IN RUNNING DOWN
CLEWS TO THE MURDERER OF NORA FULLER
2
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinine ' Tablets. > All
druggiEts refund the money If It falls to cure.
]£. "\V. Grove's signature is on each box, 20c. -.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
'¦¦¦-¦ ADVESTISEMEMTTS.
CONSTIPATION/
When your food does hot digest
properly, the bowels become
clogged and the liver inactive.'
The poisons and impurities that
should be carried off are thus al-
lowed to accumulate, causing nau-
sea, • sick headache, indigestion,',
dyspepsia and biliousness. The;
best medicine to cure constipation
and prevent these diseases* is
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters." Try
a bottle and be convinced.'
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises in the family
everyday. Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. No.boiling ! ' no
baking ! add boiling water and set to •
cool. Flavors: — Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a packago\ W y
it your grocers to-day, io cts. W '
, ; ; > - ' ADVERTISEMENTS. y _-- . ,
T~"VT"^ A T T T T"^'T T T V^T T T T T T^V T^ T"^ TVT
JL—J Ai^j rl. \*J JL JL JL J « Tf JL JL A -I— * J--/ XV J-— < Jl v
"Made Well and Strong by Pe-ru-na.
A ,!- e^ er F T * a D C rateful ' A Doctor's Little Daugh-
, Mother to Dr. S. B. Hart- Ur Cured of Orlp by
-Mrs. G. W. Helr7~of Howth. Texas. «*'«'/ W«£ J^Tl^ln^' —
writes to Dr. Hartman in regard to her runa enOUfh. MRS. G. W. HEARD. .... , , , ., •. . ,. .. '
baby girl. Ruth: . Mrs c £ L the mother - of utt i e "" looked as though she would die, she
"A1 / llttlQ girl nas two years old in Mna Long, writes from Atwood, Colo., was so sick. I gare her medicine, but it
l-rnnr,*-, Ca« A«W « n jL */„ as follows: seemed to do her very little good, so I sent
January. She had some derange- \ -'When ,i w rot e you f or advice my little andgot one more bottle of Peruna and com-
ment of the bowels. Sho was a msro j .JSr&^H ffi ? o a r d &™g£n$£ Sg fenced togi.e it to her. It was only a
SKetoton, and we ctd not Hunk she' took cold' easily and would wheeze and short time until she was getting along all
•would ev,r ff3 t w.li. Shcjadbesn WF&SSSi '%* °°' *'•/ ?•;"•£«»•• '" una '. tJ ">
SCk ihrSO Or four months and aiipr all winter without relief. f-™,' Se / or what '* dld for me and m/ dear
diLxinrw ur juur manias, ana alter .. Now we can never thank you enough little daughter.
g Vtng her IsSSlhan Ono OOitlo Of Pe- I for the change you have made in our lit- ,, T ~ rj ¦---, ;•
nnnn the* nnc '•nnn-f r>nri \«<*!l I /„.. ,y I tie one's health. Before she began taking * nave told every one it Is the best
runa sne was COUOa On a well. I TOUnd your Peruna she suffered everything in medicine for catarrh of head. lungs, stom-
the Peruna splendid far i wind colic the ****', ot cough, colds and croup, but *ch and nervous prostration." ,___.„
.,•.,. t-j. • ' j , , . ¦ , ' \ now she has taken not quite a bottle of r»R. R. ROBBINS.
Witn V/ntCn Srie was irOU'JlCd, wnsnshl 'Perunaand is well arid strong as she has Mrs. Schafer, 436Pope avenue, St. Louis,
bannn tn imirnv'i in <?//• m-ifh nn/f nn ever been In ner llre - Sne nas not ha< * Mo " wrltes :
OOgan to tmpro/3 in Strjnjti) and ap- the croup once glnce ahc began takln& Pe . "In the early part of last year I wrote
O3cranC3. Now cha has a aood anae- runa. and when she has a little cold a-few to you for advice for my daughter Alice.
j;j* r.r.rt 'u ~ ,./,,/..„-. „ * u hi > • "^ doses of Peruna nx her out all right, four years of age.
1/1O ana IS a p/C.urj OT hoahh. \ Ve can never pcaiso it enough. We tell "She has been a puny, sickly, alllnjc
Mrs. Heard also writes In recard to her every one about it who has any ailment, child since her birth. She had convulsions
son Carl- We want to keep it always in the house, and catarrhal fevers. I waa always doc-
... , , . , • . ,, : You may use my name anywhere in its toring until we commenced to use Peruna.
"My son S cars had been affected praise." MRS. C. E. LONG. She grew strong and well. Peruna is a
firna Ao ivs n hnhn nil-, n fn,~ r~ nn *u Dr. R. Robbins. Physician and Surgeon, wonderful tCiiic— the best medicine I have
Since he W2S a baOQ Only a tew months ot Muskogee. Indian Territory, writes: ever used.
old. Ho sesmej io havs rs nas in his "J have been a practicing physician for "I was In a very wretched condition
u j ¦ u u t. j * i J a sood many years and was always slow when I commenced to take Peruna. I had
noac. hd Y/QUIj Ol V3ry trjt$Ul for to take hold of patent medicines, but this catarrh all through my whole body, but.
cot/onr/ rinvv -i'A'/i hit on** wnn'rl #./#« winter my little girl and myself were thank God, your medicine set me all
S»V~ril aays, in.n ms ears WOU.d run taken wlt J h tne gr ipp e . I was so bad I right. I would not have any other medi-
profusely what aopsared to bs COr- was not able to sit up. I sent for a. doc- cine.
„„.-.. 7-a» , i i jl. t.L tor, but he did me no good. I had such "Peruna cured my baby boy of a very
ruption. I ho lest year I thought he a cough, it would not let me rest day or bad spell of cold and fever. He is a big.
had almost iOZt Jlta henrina end had nl Sht. I got so weak and prostrated and healthy boy, fifteen months old. r* have
iiuu uin,u«i /^t ins iiaari..g cna naa nervous that j cou i,j hardly stand alone, given him Peruna oft and on since he was
a local phys Clin treating htm for and I was all broken up. My system born. I think that is why he is so well.
nhn,,t *»V wi/il-c Un r, nn ,,'r>,,~*<,j a; seemed to be all deranged. I cannot praise Peruna enough. We have
abOUt SIX W3Qks. He pronounced him -Finally I thought I would take any- not had a doctor since we began to use
wall and for a lew \VO3ks he was not ; « thing to be cured, so I sent and sot a Peruna— all praise to it."
. ,. , , ¦ . . . ;"' " bottle of Peruna and commenced to take MRS. SCHAFER.
troubled, but Since flat time the BIS- it. I took two bottles and my cough was. if you do not receive prompt and sati3-
charge from his ears was almost con- f™a ?S.S S3K 'Si SuSFbJK SSg^S^tfS &S!a Of £ffi u k
Stant and VSry 0ff3ns.V2. Finally I hear a , nd smell -and the pain left my full statement of your case, and he will
l l- ¦ ¦ ' j . stomach and limbs. I want vou to know be Dleased to civp vnu hl<* vniiuMo a*-n\~l
began giving him your ramedy, and the grippe had me instead of me having gratis y valuable advlce-
altsr he had taksn two bottles he was .otf^f* and my 1UtJe glrl tOok the Address Dr. Hartman. President ot The
- . same way. | Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.PHOTOGRAPH OF PAINTING, THE
ORIGINAL OF WHIG^H IS NOW IN
THE WHITE HOUSE.
Wlse are they who never love any one
for anything but lore. t ...__. „__*;_
T. L. Keegan, a medical student, was
arrested yesterday and booked for an as
sault with a deadly weapon. It is charged
that Keegan stabbed E. Gray, a fellow
student. In. the hand. The men quar
reled and in the melee it is alleged Kee
ean used a pocket-knife.
... ... •. ... /•'.""" '•""¦•-" ~~-
Medical Student Under Arrest.
Bella Kolvebach, the 15-year-old daugh
ter of Henry Kolvebach of 292 Chestnut
street, is missing " and" tho police are
searching for her. She left home five
weeks ago because her father reprimand
ed her for coming home late at night.
The. untimely death of Nora Fuller has
had a tendency to make Mrs. Kolvebach
apprehensive of her daughter's safety.
The girl is fond of pleasure, and, accord
ing to the mother, is in the habit of leav
ing home at will. The father has endeav
ored to keep his eye on his daughter, but
she has always taken advantage of his
absence to run away. As she Is under
age, the police will take Bella into cus
tody and send her to an institution for
girls.
bach, Who Has a Mania for
• Running Away.
Police Are Searching for Bella Kolve-
WAYWARD GIRL DIS APPEARS
FROM HER PARENTS' HOME
On Friday there Is to be a prize juve
nile cake-walk, and" the entries promise
more than the usual amount of fun. Some
of the contestants have already won
prizes, and the competition will be very
keen. Among the youngsters who will b©
seen are: Hazel Purdy and Ovita Leathe,
Edna Miner and Myrtle Guild, Nora Mar
ty and Juliet Maher, Margent Cronin and
Irene Kaxnona, Baby Kiefe and Doris
Cooke, Nina Frellsen and Vina Winter
burg, Walter Catlett and partner and
Master Harry Mangels, drum major.
Interest in the exhibit of the Cat Club
is by no means on the wane, and when
the blue ribbons are awarded the proud
owners of the winners will bear the "tab
bies" home like conquering heroes.
This is baby-show day at the carnival.
A novel feature is that all the children
are to be in carriages, and after the pa
rade they will be photographed. A. well
known actress will be judge and jury all
in one as to the smartness and sweetness
of the youngsters.
In the evening both of the local aeries
of the "Eagles" will attend the carnival,
as will the San Francisco Travelers' As
sociation, with their wives and friends.
Professor Bothwell Browne's class of
grace culture will appear ' in Grecian
poses as well as in classical dances. Thero
will be, too, of course, the usual chil
dren's ballet, which has become almost
"the talk of the town," so pretty Is It. •
The little fellows of the Columbia Park
Club who were "put through their
facings" at the fairyland carnival at Me
chanics' Pavilion last night for the bene
llt of the 7000 or 8000 people .present ac
quitted themselves right nobly. Three
companies under the respective com
mands of Captain Philip Cornyn, Captain
Louis Holm and Captain Aleck More,
went through the company drill, and the
Judges were quite a bit puzzled as to
which company the silver cup presented
should be awarded to.
Fraternal Organizations ¦ To-
Night— Cakewalk Friday.
Baby Show To-Day and Visits From
CARNIVAL AT PAVILION
DRAWING GREAT THRONGS
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 12.— Mrs. Annie
Fishbourne. an aged woman of Tiburon,
•was this afternoon pronourreed insane and
frill be sent to the Ukiah asylum.
Aged Woman Declared Insane.
California Council of the Daughters of
Liberty celebrated its anniversary and
the anniversary of the birth of Abraham
Lincoln by a valentine party in its lodge
room in Shlels' building last night. There
was a large attendance of members and
with their friends they enjoyed a pleasant
evening. There was a love missive for
every one and after these had been read
there was dancing. The affair was man
aged by Misses Sophia Putz, Josephine
Nagel, Emyle Freese, Grace Walsh and
Charles A. Johnson.
Daughters of Liberty Celebrate.
An interesting question has risen with
regard to the policing of this zone— that
of the pursuit of criminals who commit
crimes within the zone and then take
refuge without It— a*id it is stated that
the protocol will confer the privilege of
pursuit within the limits of Colombia ot
criminals charged with crimes 'committed
In the zone. Justice will be administered
within the zone by. mixed tribunals and
the question of their organization is now
occupying the framers of the protocol.
The question of price, it is stated will
be left as the last item to be incorporated
in the document. It is desired to have It
in the form- of an annuity. A. lump sum.
In the present bad state of Colombia's
finances, It is said, would be most objec
tionable, as it would immediately be
swallowed up in the payment of the coun«
try's debts. A lease in perpetuity Is con
trary to the constitution of Colombia and
therefore Is out of the question, it Is said,
and the terms probably will be a 200-year
lease, with privileges of renewal.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.-Full authority
is given for the statement that the pro
tocol now being prepared by Admiral
Walker, chairman of the Isthmian Canal
Commiss? -n, and Dr. Sllva. the Colombian
Minister- here, will not contain tiny pro
vision for the relinquishment of sovi
ereignty over the isthmus. It is under
stood that the territory for the canal
which will be provided for in the pro
tocol, is a strip eight miles v wide, four
miles on either side of the canal.
Justice Throughout the Water
way Zone. .
Mixed Tribunals Are to Administer
James Lick School.
The programme rendered by the classes
EIGHT MILES WIDE ,
J'HB CANAL TERRITORY
A life-sized picture, of Lincoln attracted
a great ' deal of attention at the Lick
House yesterday. It was painted by W.
M. Cogswell of Los Angeles and is to be
purchased by the Union League Club.
This painting is an exact copy of the one
painted by Artist Cogswell which hangs
in the White House. He was awarded a
prize of $3000 for his work. The likeness
is a slpendld one and shows the immortal
Lincoln as he appeared when 40 years of
age.
At the Lincoln Grammar School, corner
Fifth . and Market streets, the scholars
took part In exercises of a patriotic char
acter. In every classroom patriotic songs
were sung. Among the visitors were Mrs.
A. J. Budd, Mrs. A. B. Castle and Mrs.
Mina Sheldon, representing the Ladies'
Relief Corps • of Seven Pines Circle, and
George T. Johnson, commander of Lincoln
Post; Comrades James A. Rigney and
Robert Graham.
Lincoln. Grammar School.
Pacific Heights Grammar School — Comrades
Edwin W. Woodward, W. H. Wharlf, Dr. J.
G. Crawford.
Spring Valley Grammar School — Comrades J.
A. Whlteslde, T. D. Bamstead, B. F. Austin.
Btarr King Primary School — Comrades S. W.
Carpenter, J. -H. Garret t. M. Gobertz.
Humboldt Evening High School (evening ¦vis
itation) — Comrades W. W. Stone, r>. Me-
Sweeney, Alfred D. Benston, C. N. Harris.
Lincoln Grammar School — Comrades George
T. Johnson, C. Mason Kinne, H. W. Mortimer.
Columbia Grammar School — Comrades F. S.
Bowley, Charles Edelman, H. T. Hobbert.
Hearst Grammar School — Comrades C. J.
Handley. M. Schlaudecker, Matthew Harris.
Whittler Primary School — Comrades J. C.
Innes, S. D. Thurston, W. E. Read, J. F.
Story. H. L. Barker.
Longfellow Grammar School — Comrades P.
H. Mass. M. J. Courteney, D. P. Stoner, J. B.
Mulcahey. . • '
Mission High School— Comrades H. C. Dibble,
J. C. Bollee, W. B. Maydwell.
IN every school in this city yesterday
the birthday of the immortal Abra
ham Lincoln, was observed with' be
fitting ceremonies. The Stars and
Stripes flew high above the school
houses and the pupils recalled the acts
and deeds of the martyr President.
Songs of a patriotic character were sung
and the speeches that Lincoln delivered
at Gettysburg were recited. Anecdotes of
the great man were also retold.
Old soldiers— veterans of the Civil War—
visited/the schools and some of them de
delivered short speeches that breathed tha
flre of patriotism.
The detail from Lincoln Post No. 1,
Grand Army of the Republic, was as fol
lows:
WASHINGTON. Feb. IZ-With the ex
ception of a sharp clash between Lodge
and Patterson over the matter of admis
sion of representatives of the press to the
hearing . on the' Philippine tariff bill the
session of the Senate to-day was quiet.
The Colorado Senator desired that all
newspaper men 5 be admitted to the com
mittee hearings, declaring . that as now
conducted they, were of a star-chamber
character. He said his recollection was
that Lodge had suggested that the hear
ings be entirely secret.
This drew, the flre of the Massachusetts
Senator, who indignantly denied that ho
had suggested anything of' the kind. . He
insisted that the reports made of th&
hearings ¦ by the press associations were
accurate and fair to , both sides » of the
controversy. ;
A communication from. the Secretary of
.War transmitting a memorial of the Fed
eral party of the Philippine Islands in sup
port of American rule in the islands called
from Patterson ;the statement that the
Federal party had obtained Its control In
the Philippines by promising to the Fil
ipinos that they ; would be admitted ultl
mately-to statehood in the United States
Teller occupied the attention of the Sen
ate . during the greater part of ' to-day's
session and has not yet concluded his
.speech.' :'/¦: ... ,-v,*,— •-
Denies That He Desires "Star
Chamber" Meetings.
Massachusetts Senator Indignantly
LODGE AND PATTERSON
ENLIVEN THE SESSION
The following: programme was rendered
by the pupils of Miss A. C. Robertson's
and Miss J. A. Mlchelson's classes In the
Pacific Heights Grammar School: . .
Salute the flag; song, "Star-Spangled Ban
ner"; "Biography of Abraham Lincoln," six
pupils: quotations; song, "Red, White and
Blue": "Lincoln's Epigrams"; "Abraham Lin
coln," Thor.Hansen; "Anecdote of Lincoln,"
Adelaide Block; song, ."The Prisoner's Hope";
recitation, "O Captain, My Captain," Leonard
Frank: "Lincoln," Helen Seellgson; song, "Lin
coln Bong" ; "Emancipation Group." Nannlne
Joseph; quotations;' "Lincoln and Douglas."
Carrie Gordon; Lincoln's favorite poem, "Oh,
Why Should the Spirit of Mortal Be Proud?"
Lucle Jacobs; recitation,; "To the Grand Army
of the Republic," eight pupils; "Lincoln's
Speech at Gettysburg," James Stewart: cornet
solo, Mr. Orr; sons, "Tenting on the Old Camp
Ground"; song, ."America."
Humboldt Evening High. School.
The Humboldt Evening High. School
Pacific Heights School.
Welcome to our guests. Grace Wolpert; pre
sentation of flag, Harry Maurer; salute to flag;
pledge and song. "Hail, Columbia"; recitation.
Ralph Flodbergf. Miss Thompson's fourth grade;
Miss Clark's class, song, "There Is No North
or South"; recitation, Miss Bray's class, selec
tions from Lincoln's second inaugural address;
Miss Levison's class, song, "Flag of the Free";
selections from Lincoln's favorite poem, Ed
ward Lltz; Mrs. Steele's class, song, "When
Johnnie Comes Marching Home"; recitation by
six pupils of Miss Atherton's class; song by
school, "Old Glory"; anecdotes of Lincoln, Joe
Crigler; Miss Bray's class, song, "Tramp,
Tramp, Tramp," etc.; recitation, "Lincoln," by
four pupils of Miss Van den Bergh's class;
reading, "Anecdotes of Lincoln," Henrietta
Leudemann; Miss Athearn's class, song, "Bat
tle Hymn of the Republic"; "Lincoln's Speech
at Gettysburg," Miss Franklin's class; Miss
Thompson's class. "Dixie"; composition, "Lin
coln," Carmen Schmitz; Instrumental music,
two pupils of Miss Athearn's class; "Tomb of
Lincoln," Lloyd Rollins; song, "Just Before the
Battle, Mother": addresses by visiting . com
rades; Miss Franklin's class, song, "Tenting on
the Old Camp Ground"; grand chorus, "Amer
ica."
Twenty classes took, part In the exer
cises held at the Hearst Grammar School.
The programme was as follows:
Hearst Grammar School.
of Mr. Huskey and Miss Boyle in the
James Lick Grammar School was as fol
lows:
"Star-Spangled Banner," school; "Sketch of
Lincoln's Life," Master D. Mulvihlll; "Lin
coln Song," school; "Lincoln's Sayings," Miss
Boyle's class; solo. Miss Elsie Anderson: reci
tation. Miss Arllne Nesbltt; - battle hymn,
school: Lincoln's Gettysburg address, eighth
grades; solo, "Holy City," Miss Bertlna Cane;
"Lincoln, His Character," Mr. Huskey'o, class;
introduction of Veterans of G. A. R..; closing
song, "America." ,. ¦
ROME, Feb. 12.— During the carnival
celebrations at Catania yesterday a body
nf maskers resisted the police In the lat
ter's efforts to make an arrest- This led
to a general riot, which lasted six hours.
The mob smashed shop -windows and
burned a carnival car and the stands
which had ben erected for the accommot
datian of spectators. After many persons
had been injured the troops restored or
der.
Save to Be Suppressed by
Troops.
Italian Slaskers Resist Police and
CAU3UIVAX MEEEIMENT
CONCLUDES IN A BIOT
GILROT, Feb; 12.— Rev. F. M. Staton,
pastor of the "Methodist Church South,
died suddenly last night of heart disease.
His death was Indirectly due to exhaus
tion caused by taking a long ride on a
bicycle yesterday, afternoon. Mr. Staton
came here from -Fresno County.
Clergyman Dies Suddenly.
held patriotic exercises last night In
commemoration of the birthday of Abra
ham Lincoln. Comrades -Harris,_ Cook and
Benston addressed /the pupils', relating
thrilling incidents of the Civil War/ Rob
ert Baines of the middle class delivered
an oration on the "Character and Influ
ence of Lincoln. >rv and the audience sans
"Tramp, Tramp, Tramp, the Boys Are
Marching," "Marching Through Georgia"
and "America."
DULUTH, Minn., Feb. 12.-Judge Daniel
A. Dickinson died to-day at his home in
this city after an illness lasting two
years. '.Judge LHckinson -was one of the
general^attorn'eys for the . United States
Steel Corporation, in chrfrge of all the
mining properties of that corporation in
Minnesota. He was born In Vermont in
1839 and was a graduate of Dartmouth
College. He came to Minnesota In 1868,
and from 1875 to 1S81 was Judee of the
Sixth Judiciary District. In 18S1 he be
came Associate Justice of the Supreme
bench of Minnesota and continued as
such until 1894. when he removed from St.
Paul to Duluth.
Daniel A. Dickinson.
Again at 3 o'clock word came that the
status of the case was unchanged, but
that the conditions continued favorable.
At that time, however, no mention was
made as to whether the crisis had been
passed or was near." But after the ex
amination by the doctors to-night Secre
tary Cortelyou said that the crisia in the
right lung, that In the left having passed,
would probably b£ reached to-morrow
night. So confident are the President and
his wife that their, son will pass through
this crisis in good shape, that the Presi
dent is already making preparations to
leave for Washington. .
To-night it* looks as If he might start
some time» Friday. Every one at the
Gardner House to-night seemd not only
cheerful, but jovial, while Mrs. Roosevelt,
cheered and comforted by a. short but im
pressive service at 6 o clock in the chapel,
went to her nightly watch in the infirmary
in good spirits.
In speaKlng of other things besides the
boys condition, Cortelyou said that no
change had been made in the programme
for Prince Henry's visit; In fact, Invita
tions to the dinner were going out at
Washington. The President will not give
up his trip to Charleston, but will go
there after Prince Henry leaves.
This report, which was given out by
Secretary Cortelyou at 9 o*clock to-night,
was the last of the four Isued during the
day, none of which was of a discouraging
or unfavorable nature. The first came
eariy in the morning and stated that the
night had been a good one and this was
confirmed later, after the morning ex
aminations; by the physicians. In addi
tion, it was said that should, the favor
able conditions continue for forty-eight
hours the danger would be past. . • ¦ -
To-night he Is considered to be better
than he was last night and the same can
be said of his two schoolmates, Howard
F. Potter of New York and William Gam
mel Jr. of Providence. '
GROTON, Mass., r FebI 12.-W Theodore
Roosevelt Jr. continues for the next
twenty-four hours In his present condi
tion his physicians have given the Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt to believe that
their son's vitality will be sufficient for
him to meet and pass successfully the
crisis in his disease, which Is looked for
some time to-morrow, and on Friday
morning he will be pr-actically out of dan
ser. . ,
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 12.— The Federal offices,
all the local exchanges and some of the
business houses closed to-day in commem
oration of Lincoln's birthday. Patriotic
exercises were held in the various schools
and different societies celebrated the
event appropriately.
BOSTON. Feb. 12.— The anniversary of
Lincoln's birth was observed here to-day
by a liberal display of the national colors.
The feature of the day was the banquet
of the Middlesex Club this evening, at
which several well-known men spoke, in
cluding John D. Long, Secretary of tlye
Navy. \
OMAHA, Feb. 12.— Lincoln's birthday
was celebrated by the Union Pacific Rail
road by closing the entire headquarters
for the day. President Lincoln's admin
istration was especially identified with
the building of the overland road and the
day was observed as much as possible
over the system. The "Lincoln car,"
which now stands dismantled at the old
shops, was draped appropriately and the
employes were given an . opportunity to
view It. The last time the car was used
was to carry the body of the martyred
President to Springfield.
Looklnr back through the vista, of time, I
am inclined to think that the civil war, com
ing as It did, was not altogether a bad thing
for this country. Measured by the amount of
•wealth -destroyed by flre and eword and the
quantity of blood spilled on the battlefield the
war was undoubtedly an appalling- calamity.
But measured by the glorious results achieved,
chief amons which* was the settlement of the
slavery question, the war was not an unmixed
evil.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Feb. 12.— Tha
Lincoln Club of this city celebrated the
birthday of Lincoln to-night with a ban
quet. Congressman William Alden Smith
bringing a number of guests from Wash
ington. The principal guest was Minister
Wu. He Baid in part:
CHICAGO, Feb. 12.— Memorial exercises
In honor of Abraham Lincoln were held
here to-day on a scaie surpassing that of
any previous local celebration 01 the an
niversary of his birth. Appropriate ex
ercises were held In the schools, all of
the public buildings save the postoffice
were closed, and no business was trans
acted at any of the banks, on the Board
of Trade or on the Stock Exchange.
In the evening there were a number of
banquets, at which the speakers for the
most part dealt with some phase of the
life of Lincoln. The largest of these af
fairs was held in the home of the Har-
Quette Club, where at least seven hundred
members of the club gathered to listen to
addresses. Lafayette Young of Des
Moines; Iowa, spoke on "Abraham Lin
coln." Curtis Guild Jr. of Boston spoke
on "Our Flag in the Tropics." Senator
McLaurin of South Carolina followed with
an address on "Lincoln and His Relations
to the South."
The toasts and those responding were:
"Abraham Lincoln," James W. Gleed of
Topeka, Kans.; "A Tribute to McKin
ley."' Senator C. M. Depew; "The Repub
lican Party," Lieutenant Governor Wood
ruff; "The Conquerors," Creswell Mac
laughlin. A number of letters of regret
were read, the first being from. Robert T.
Lincoln- Others were from Senator
Hanna and Governor \V. H. Taft of the
Philippines.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— There was a
general suspension of business in the
financial districts of this city .to-day in
honor of the ninety-third anniversary of
the birth of Lincoln. Many mercantile
houses also closed and flags were gen
erally displayed. There were several ban
quets to-night, the principal one being
that of the Republican Club. More than
500 were present in the banquet hall of
the Waldorf-Astoria. President Louis
Stein presided.
The admiral distributed among news
paper men photographs of the Hohenzol
lern and scenes on her decks, taken at dif
ferent times when the Emperor was
aboard, and eIso gave out printed slips
describing the yacht and explaining- the
purposes for which ehe was built and
maintained by the Emperor. The officers
of the Hohenzollern are: Rear Admiral
Count von Baudissin, Captain von Holle
ben; Captain Hipper, navigator; Captain
Lieutenants von der Osten and von Man
tey. First Lieutenants Redensberg. Sled
ensticker and von Haxthausen, Lieuten
ant Elle. First Staff Surgeon Utnemann,
First Engineer Steinmyer, Second Engi
neer Nicolia and Paymaster Heppner.
Admiral Count von Baudissin was for
mally welcomed to New York by a chic
committee, a representative of Mayor
Low and an officer of the United State*
navy. The civic committee was headed
by Captain A. T. llahan. IT. S. X.. re
tired. The admiral thanked the commit
tee and through its members the citizens
of New York. The officers of the Hohen
zollern said that it would be impossible
for them to accept formal entertainments
until the arrival of the Prince, of whose
eu'te they are members.
The Xorth German Lloyd pier at Ho
tooUen, where she is to be overhauled, was
not ready for her reception and she
dropped anchor in midstream until a fleet
of tugs cleared a berth for her. German
flags floated above tiie docks and ware
houses of the North German Lloyd and
Hamburg-American line piers, and the
Fhips of those two companies in , port
v.ere dressed. The bands of the latter
assembled on the quarterdeck "and seren
aded the yacht as she lay at anchor. At
4 o'clock she hove her anchors and, guid
ed by two tugs, was carefully warped
into the pier.
The yacht had some heavy weather In
southern waters, but for the most part
it was fair, and when it was at its best
eh« lodged sixteen knots an hour. She
hove in sight off Sa«dy Hook a lew min
utes before the noon hour and an hour
iater was In quarantine. She got the
'courtesy of the port medical officers and
came on through the Narrows and up
fnto North River without delay. Pass
ing craft gave her an enthusiastic wel
come with their' whistles and the man at
her jack?taff was kept busy dipping her
big naval flag with its field of white,
biack Prussian eagle and black cross.
She stood high out of the water and look
t-d impressive beyond her real size. She
is painted white all over, save for a black
eagle at her figurehead, some touches of
pold a?tern and a lone streak of red that
showed below her water line. She has a
ram bow, and in general type resembles
a modern man-of-war.
She "R-as not expected, for she came by
the southern circle, and it was calculated
tl#t the run would take at least one day
more than It did: It had also been
thought that she would touch, at Bermuda
«::d that place had reported her as two
days overdue. The weather encountered
v.as unfavorable for a cell at Bermuda.
and at sea Admiral Count von Eaudlssin
cbandoned the partly formed plan and
shaped her course for Kew York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— The imperial
German yacht Hohensollern. 6ent here
for the use of Prince Henry of Prussia
during his forthcoming- visit, arrived to
day from Kiel. •
Distinguished Men Attend the
Exercises in Many
Cities.
Officials Visit the Admiral
and Welcome Him to
America.
Serious Stage of the Pneu
- monia % Likely to Come
To-Day.
Physicians Believe Young
Roosevelt Will Re
cover./
Anniversary of Great
Lincoln's Birth Cel
ebrated.
Hohenzollern Surprises
New York by Early
Arrival
CRISIS NEARS
IN HIS ILLNESS
GOTHAM GREETS
KAISER'S YACHT
ORATORS HONOR
MARTYR'S NAME
School Children Take Part in Patriotic Exercises and Are
Vfsited by Veterans of the Civil War, Who -Listen- to
Inspiring- Songs and the Recital of Glorious Deeds
BIRTHDAY OF IMMORTAL LINCOLN
IS OBSERVED IN FITTING MANNER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY; FEBRUARY 13, 1902.
3
J^m CARTERS
SfGOiAQAGHS
Positively cured by theso
v LIttIo Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for -Dizzi-
ness, Nausea,, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
: .
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOX MLS.
Established 1SS1. Con-
sultation and private) boas
tree at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET SI.
SAN FRANCISCO. CA1*
OCEAJT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
PS*- Wharf, San Francisco:
WKStefw For Ketchlkan. Juneau,
BSbP^VW. Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
F&rfcK«3^ m.. Feb. 5. 10, 15. 20. 23.
ffXftkfiSJ \£*M March 2. Chanec to com-
jj~_*rv~^gTH\1 pany's steamers at Seattle.
¦ For Victoria, Vancouwr,
Port Townsenrt. Seattle, Taso-
ma Everett. New 'Wbatcom—
11 a. m Feb 5. 10. 13. 20, 25. March 2.
Chance at Seattle to this company'* Bteam-rs
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattla or Ta-
ccraa to N P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Hy.
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.»
Feb 1. 6. 11, 18, 21, 28, March 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa B»r-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
-reles) — Steamer Spokane. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, ft ». m.
For Los Angles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey P»n Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (9»n
Luis Obtiro) Santa Barbara. Ventnra. Hut-
neme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and •New-
port (*Bonlta only).
Bonlta ft a. m.. Feb. 3. 11. 19. 27. March T.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Feb. 7, IS. 23. -larch 3.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jose d#l
Cabo Mazatlan. Aitata. Ln. Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Hex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
RUht Is reserved to change steamers or salt-
Inr dates.
TICKJ^T O V.V I Cfcl — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKINS & CO.. G«n. Asrents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
V O. /?. St N- CO.
Only Stoamihlp Xiin* *o»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail L!ne from Portland to all
points East. Through Ticket* to all
point*, nil i><*<1 rw ttteamshio nnd rail, at
. LOWEST KATES.
ETE AMER TICKETS INCLUDE BESTH and MSAL3.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails
• Feb. 12. 22; Mar. 4. 14. 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 17. 27; Mar. 0. 19, 23
Steamer nails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m. -
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Art..l MontK*y. 8. K.
NOME
SAIL9NCS.
THE FIRST CLASS
S.S. PORTLAND
•WILL SAIL FOR
3ST O 3^ ES
Leaving: San Francisco Aorll 19th
Leaving Seattle April 20th
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL GO,,
643 Market at., San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. Pugrt
Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. »..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India.
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing:. V
SS. NIPPON MARU
' Tuesday. February 25th. 1903
S3. AMERICA MARU
Friday. March 21st, 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
-. Tuesday. April 15th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's of flea.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And da Sad. Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping: at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Dler 10. 12 m.
GUATEMALA..Feb. 18| SANTIAGO ..
PALENA ...March 10 TUCAPEL ....
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, *K
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $103; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
5. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Map. 13
6. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, Map. 24
6. S. Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market it.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Aarent.
oceafflcs.s.eo.j&§i :
S3. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu '
Saturday. Feb. 13. *02. 2 p. m.
SS..- AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti, about Feb. 19.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
¦ land and Sydney.. Than., Feb. 27, 10 a. a.
1 0. SPHEWELS & BEOS. CO., Benerai Innti. 327 fcrbt St
Ita'l Faaanpr Otto. 5<3 Market SL, Sr la. 7. tatfa U
AMERICAN LINE.
" , NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Feb. lft Philadelphia . .Mar. 5
St. Louis . . .Feb. 26|st- Paul Mar. U
RED STAR LINE.
i /\- NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS. V
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Feb. 10 Southwark ....Mar. 5
Friesland .....Feb. 26tVaderland ....Mar 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
C0XPA8HIB 6XVXBALX TXAHBATLAHTIQTJJ
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS.' .^_
Balling every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, iiTWnMi
North River, foot of Marton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. (45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA, 82 Broadway (Hudson building). N«w
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, o Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
I'l
BAY AND ; RTVER STEAJOBS.
FObI^S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJi)
Stamen GEN. FRISBI3 or MONTICSLLO
8:13 a. m., 8:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. »:*5 a. m., 8:30 p. m. l«av«*
Vallajo 7 «•• a.. 12:30 noon, a p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. - Far* SO
cents. Telephon* Main 1308. Landing and
efnee. pin &, Mlutoaf tr«n Jock. MXTCH
VSQSk .-¦•¦• - ¦• . frril - - .. ||||(
Many order $10.00 suits
> Many. times a man comes in our s: ore with the
firm intention of buying a medium, priced suit, yet
intending to look at the $10.00 line, because we talk
so much. about these suits. As soon as he sees the
#10.00 suits he is" won over and places, his order.
'While we make exceedingly good suits at $15.00,
$17.^0 and upward, many customers try the $10.00
suiis. as they are particularly good for business and
.the low price affords quite a saving to people
economically inclined: •'
We would like to show you samples of these
'$10.00 suitings— show thatthe cloth is alPwool and
the patterns desirable. _• You knowwe guarantee
¦ "ihe making.'
; Out-of-town . orders . for mdde-to'-order [ clothing filled— satisfactory fit
:- assured through our self-measuring system— write for samples.
r 7*8 Market St. and_
v y : . Cop. Powell & Eddy Streets
ADVERTISETVrTnrrS.
/ \^» Tn e general health of a
x .JSiS woman is inseparably re-
\^<3£fc2» lated to the local womanly
\£M/fM health. When the deli-
&$I$I ! F4 C3itc womanly organism
'RSfffilBM is diseased, the body loses
\>^iHW^d plumpness, the cheeks lose
\Mil$G8l& roses, and a nervous'
\£i!$H% an '-l fretful condition be-
ra^P^' comes habitt^l. j
K^i£%ST^ Thousands of sick women
c^£^!H$ who have been cured of
W^itJv^ diseases peculiar to the
t'^^vS Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
l^/.\$k|5i tion have testified to the
v< | j£^&|il2 restoration of the general
|K*|pa| health when the local dis-'
\kl'$M?f easc was ccred.
%$§3<fe " Favorite Prescription "
establishes reg-nlarity, dries
£L£^3g unhealthy drains, heals in-
77ftx>$%Z''; fiatnmation and ulceration
>"\L^£^ and cures female weakness.
v « I used four bottle* of • Favor-
Ite Prescription' and one of.
'Golden Medical Discovery,' "writes Mrs. El*'
tner D. Shearer, of Mountnope, Lancaster Co..'
Pa., "and can say that I am cured of that dread-]
ed cisease, uterine trouble. An in better health ¦
than ever before. Everyone who knows me is
surprised to tec me look so well. In June, when
J wrote to yon, I was bo poor in health that at
times I could not walk. You answered my let-
ter and told nse what to do. I followed vour
•dvice. and to-day am cured. I tell everybody
that with God's help Dr. Pierce's medicine*
cured at If these few words are of any nse to
rou, you are welcome to use them. They might •
Lelp scne other poor tuffering woman."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, 1008 large pages, in paper cov-
ers, is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps, to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
fc 10 * y - Y - ;
3vir% 7 DR. JORDAN'S great J
MUSEUM OF AKfiTQHY?
r SP *351HA2ZITCI.b8t.6ii7ti,s.r.Cil, i
\ -Sf • M, Th j 1-wtmst Anatomical Museum in the \
» f5 ra | ipecu.hu on the Coast Est. 36 ycart. ft
0 UJZRLU DR * JCRDAf! -B!SEASES OF KEN A
X JfeSr^H Consultation free tnd strictly private \
f I ATX U I'^ 111 '" 1 PmT-iily « by letter. A A
•~m4 \ I W UH fontiv * <*•"«"> ereryc»*e undertaken. T
V Q F IS Htf) Writr (.» Eiwit, PBII.OSOPE v at A
1 "* a ¦ II™ "mRMCK, MAILED FJtEE. (19
4 0 /L ** lu » bIe book iot ¦-»> \
V DB. JOBDA1V4C6.. >05l Market St.. S F VPROBABLE FAVORITE FOR
$10,000 BURNS HANDICAP TO
BE DECIDED SATURDAY.
The Manufacturer's Clothing- Sale.
Plenty of men's suits to suit at the man
ufacturers' clothing sale, $4 85; .will fit you
to, an. all-wool suit that is worth $20. You
may. look at them and ! if suited you are
welcome to one of them' at the Lyceum
Clothing Sale, 915 Market st., opp. Mason.*
A large audience • greeted Mrs. S. E*
Bradshaw at Sherman & Clay's hall last
¦ night and listened -with interest to 1 her
lecture on Christian Science.. The ad-'
.dress was. followed by an . experience
."meeting -in which numerous : persons told
of marvelous cures effected by ' faith in
.God. . Another experience meeting., will
"be held n^xt: Wednesday,' evenjrijK. ¦=.;'" "
Lectures on Christian Science.
Matthew Leigh ton, 13 years of age, and
John Prodi, 19 years of age, were booked
at the City Prison yesterday by Police
man Naylor on a charge of burglary.
They are accused, with ' two other
boys, of breaklngi into an empty store at
Battery and Commerce streets belonging
to ex-Sheriff Laumeister and stealing a
large quantity of lead and brass, which
it- is. alleged they sold to a Chinese junk
dealer. Prodi is an old offender and haa
been arrested several times. • Other empty
buildings in that locality have recently
been looted of lead and brass fittings. - -
Boys Charged With Burglary.
E. A. Lorenzo, secretary of an improve
ment club, fared badly yesterday at the
hands of Justlco of the Peace Daniels,
who gave judgment against him. for |26 25
on two complaints. The first complaint
was for 510 in favor of Miss Jessie Arenti,'
who worked for Lorenzo. He refused to
pay her two weeks' wages because she
had not given him notice of her intention
to leave her place. Lorenzo was not pres
ent in court, but Judge Daniels sternly
criticized him for trying to evade his Just
obligation. The second judgment was in
favor of Leary Brothers, proprietors of
.the Olympic . stables, who sued for> the
hire of horses, and; buggies rented -.to the
.defendant.
Judge ; Daniels allowed a complaint U
be amended wherein J. H. ¦ Long, as
guardian of Oscar R. Thayer,- sued the
Union- Iron Works for the value of tools
alleged to have been retained by I the cor
poration. Judge Daniels decided ' that
Thayer himself must bring 1 the suit, and
the Union Iron Works was given tw©
days to answer the complaint. '
Justices' Court Suits.
i Past • ffrand - oresidenta — Jacob Greenebaum,
Joseph Bien. 'D. A. d'Aneona. William Saal
burg, D. S. Hlrshbcrjr, Solomon Zekind. Marcus
I^evy, Joseph Rothschild,'. F. II. Merzbach, H. |
V Bush, Herman Enkle, Abraham Jonas, Ed
ward I.' Wolfe, Martin P.' Stein, Herman Gut
,stadt and Lucius L. Solomons. . ¦".• - . ..-.*•
Qphlr 21 — Leon Goldstein., M. . Kalmuk, B.
Lazansky, Louis Levy, Abraham Lewis, Julius
Platshek, . S. - H. - Simon. , : -- - .¦ -
¦ - Ktham - 37 — Albert Elkus, ¦ Jacob j • Ginsberg:.
Max • Hirsch, •. Aaron Nathan, D. - J. . Simmons,
M. S. . Wahrhaf tiff. ,.
Modin 42— Ellas Cook, S. Frohman, H. Mau
ser, Nathan Sellgr, C. Steinf els, Philip Stern.
Oerlzim 43 — M. Rosenberg-.
¦ pacific 4S — David Davis, Louis Khrllch, "Wil
liam Geist, Julius Newman, Henry Schwartz.
Monteflore 51— Hugo K. Asher, William
Cohn, N. " 8. ' Frledberg, " Morris Levy, Mark
Lewis, ¦ J. ' Lewis, Manhelm , Marks, - S. H.
Bchocken. - - " • ; .
Miriam 66 — Isaac G. Cohn. Simon Hochstad
tor. ¦'' • "•¦ ¦"•' ' • • *' ¦ ' ?«Tg'-^W8£..-'»l~£
Oregon 66— D, N.' Buchner, C.; H. ; Friendly,
N. Goodman. ' . .
. Hope 126 — William Gross, H. Marks, Albert
Columbia 127— ; Albert Eber. Jacob Gunabur-
District Grand Lodge No. 4 of the Inde
pendent Order of B'nal B'rith will con
vene at B'nal B'rith Hall, 121 Kddx street,
next Sunday morning: at 10 o'clock. The
session of the Grand Lodge this year will
be one of the most important held in the
history of the order, as questions, of gTeat
Interest will come before it for considera-
I The meeting will be called toorderby
Grand President George Samuels of Oak
land Lodge No. 252. It la expected that 150
delegates- will answer the roll call. The
accredited delegates are:
tend the Annual Session. Which,
Opens Sunday Next. '„¦ •
Many Delegates Are Expected to At-
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on the dates men
tioned examinations will be held in San
Francisco and other places for the fol
lowing positions: : March 4,. 5 and G—
Electrical engineer and draftsman, super
vising architect's office. Treasury Depart
ment;, two positions at a salary of $1400
per annum, each. March 25 — Computer,
Bureau of Forestry, Department of Agri
culture, $1000 per annum. March 25—in
terpreter (Arabic, Turkish and Arme
nian), immigration service, $1200 per an
num. March 25 and 26— Assistant (piece
work computer) in the naval observatory
and in the nautical almanac office.' Per- '¦,
sons who desire to compete should at j
once apply either to. the United States
Civil Service Commission, .Washington. ;
D. C, or to the secretary of: local board)
of examiners, Postoffice, for • necessary
application forms. The application for
computer, interpreter and assistant piece
work computer should be properly exe
cuted and flled-with the commission prior
to the hour of closing business March 15.
Persons who are unable to file their ap
plications • for electrical ; engineer and
draftsman prior to the date of the exam
ination will be authorized to enter same,
subject to the subsequent filing of their
applications, provided their requests are
received - at the commission in time to
ship the necessary, examination ; papers.
Civil Service Examinations.
ORDER OP B'NAI B'RITH
TO HOI/I> GRAND LODGE
The annual meeting and election of of
ficers of the San" Francisco Yacht Club
was held last night in the Merchants',
Exchange, Commodore W. N. McCarthy
being in the chair. There being no oppo
sition the candidates selected by the nom
inating committee for the various offices
were elected, as follows: R. S. Bridgman,
commodore; A. C. Lee, vice commodore;
W. M. Edgell, secretary; A. G. A. Muel
ler, financial secretary; R. M. Welch,
treasurer; F. A. Robbins, port captain;
A. L. Dennison, measurer. '. » .
There are at present 130 members In the
club, with four applications for member
ship ready to bfi acted upon.
W. G. Morrow, on behalf of the syndi
cate of members for. whom the new
Crowninshield yacht is being built, made
a statement with regard to her, saying
the only work remaining to be done on
the boat is the splicing of the wire rig
ging. '
Yacht Club Officers Elected.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 12.— The Erie
road's vestibuled passenger train, which
left Cleveland at 1 p. m. for New York,
was wrecked between Mahonlng and Pha
lanx, Ohio, about forty miles from this
city, this afternoon. . ¦
The whole train left the track and ran
on. for twenty car lengths, finally toppling
over Into the ditch. Twenty-one persons
were injured, but none were killed.
The cause of the wreck is said to have
been spreading rails. Most of the injured
were In the coach next to the last. The
rear coach was the private car of Joseph
Ramsay, president of the Wabash Rail
road. His car did not topple over, but the
car in front did. Ramsay was not hurt.
George Thomas of Cleveland received
what are feared to be fatal injuries. Rob
ert S. Blickensderfer, general manager of
the Wabash Railroad, of St. Louis, was
cut about the mouth and his body was
bruised. _
It is urged by the department that every
part of the tree should be sprayed and
that particular attention should be: paid
to the new wood. The work should bo
done after the buds show signs of swell
ing, but should not be delayed long
enough to damage the blossoms.
Take 10 pounds of lime and 20 pounds of sul
phur and boil In 10 gallons of water for from
1% to 2 hours or until the sulphur is com
pletely dissolved. : This will be shown by the
liquid assuming a clear amber color. Slack
the balance of the lime and to It add the salt.
When, this la all dissolved add to the lime and
sulphur Mlutlon. Boll for from 30 to 45 min
utes more. Finally add enough hot water to
make the full 60 gallons and apply to the tree
hot. The efficiency of the lime, salt and sul
phur mixture depends upon the union of the
lime and sulphur' and this result can only be
obtained by thorough boiling. A Bimple mix
ture of materials In useless, as such a mixture
has neither penetrating nor killing power.
For eozne time the agricultural depart
ment of the university has been studying
Into the best method to save the' peach
crop of the State. Warren F. Clarke has
been stationed in Placer County to make
observations and experiments. The sub
stance of the advice of the department to
the owners of valuable peach orchards is
to spray their trees now. This is the
proper time for the spraying, and to delay
Is dangerous. The department also reports
that the proper spray to use consists- of
lime, salt, sulphur and water. This com
pound has proved to be effective if used
at tho proper time. The mixture Is com
pounded of 40 pounds of unslacked lime,
Jfl) pounds of sulphur, 15 pounds of saltand
CO gallons of water. The method of prep
aration is described as follows: ¦ ¦
The agricultural department of the Uni
versity of California has issued a bulletin
in which the statement Is made that 25
per cent of the entire peach crop of Cali
fornia is lost every year, and that 20 per
cent of that amount can be easily saved
if the farmers will do the proper thing
to avert the ravages of the peach worm.
The large amount of money invested In
orchards and also in canneries where
peaches form a large part of the stock
that is worked -up, and also the great de
mand there Is In the East for California
fruit, make this matter one of great im
portance.
More Than a Score of
Persons Sustain
Injuries.
State University Tells
Peach Growers How
to Avoid Loss.
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Buck Taylor, February. Monda.
Second race — Jennie McGowan, Mi Relna, KI
llston. '
Third race — Sea Lion, Ned Dennis, Fine Shot.
Fourth race — Jungfrau, Senator Bruce, Mar
aschino.
A PERFECT stranger to local race
goers, the sensational trial of P.
Ryan's Xones over the Burns
handicap distance, one and a
quarter miles, at Ingleside track
on Monday will probably see the Eastern
horse go to the post favorite for the rich
stake, to be decided at Oakland track on
Saturday. Nones Is a son of SIr,Dixon-
Amy Davenport, and Is credited with
ebouldering 123 pounds and covering the
> route in 2:09 over a glow track, made so
by the recent rainfall. Unless some un
foreseen, accident happens - he will be
coupled in the betting with his stable
companion, Obia. Nones was allotted 119
I pounds by the handicapper, and vrill be
ridden by Nash Turner, while Winnie
O'Connor will have the leg up on the Par
dee mare, which will carry 105 pounds.
The remarkable performance was the
talk of turf circles, and it was rumored
last night that the millionaire New York
turfman L. V. Bell may become the own
er of both Nones and Obia before Satur
day. P. Ryan, admitted that he had been
esked to set a price on the pair, and
named $15,000. As first money in "the
Burns" is 57000, many horsemen were In
clined to think a sale would be consum
mated to-day.
The prospective purchaser was one of
GIVES WARNING
TO ORCHARDISTS
the horsemen who witnessed the sensa
tional trial at Ingleside.
P. Ryan offered $2000 yesterday to J. P.
Atkin for Diderot. The horse "is one of
the lightweights In the Burns and is fig
ured to have a good chance on a muddy
track.
FLORENCE, Colo., Feb. 12.— Fifteen
hundred white coal miners met In mails
meeting at the Chandler mines to-day to
discuss the importation of twenty-eight
Japanese by the Victor Fuel Company to
work at the Chandler mines. It was the
sense of the meeting, as expressed by all
the speakers, that the Japanese should be
urged to leave the district, and if they
will not go voluntarily that force should
be used against them.
Before the boycott was ordered there
were from six to eight Chinese restau
rants and about a dozen, laundries. Now
there are only two restaurants conducted
by Celestials, and the number of laun
dries has been reduced materially.- No
violence has been attempted' against the
Chinese so far. '
The hegira of the last ten days is due
to the boycott declared two weeks ago
by the union laboring- men of Silverton,
including the Miners' Union, the Federal
Union and the Cooks' and Waiters' Un
ion.- These unions declared against pa
tronizing either Chinese restaurants or
laundries in Silverton, and their proprie
tors were quietly informed that they
could not remain here. The Chinese aro
not being hurried in their departure, but
it is generally understood that they must
leave this ¦ cpmmunity within . a reason
able time.
Governor Orman said to-day that he
knew nothing of any trouble at Silverton
until he received Secretary Hay's tele
gram, but he immediately wrote the
Sheriff of Ban Juan County to send him
full particulars of the trouble and to see
that no violence is done the Chinese resi
dents there. Until he hears from the
Sheriff he can take no steps in the matter
further than to assure, the State Depart
ment that he will do all in his power to
protect the foreigners, which he has al
ready done. ,
. A special to xhe Post from Silverton to
day says: Of the fifty 'Chinese who re
sided in Silverton ten days ago twenty
flve remain. The remaining twenty-five.,
it is believed, will depart within the next
week or so. When the last Chinese leaves
the ban against the yellow man will be
strictly enforced, and hereafter no'Mon
golians will be allowed in this district, j
- WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. », 1U02.— His
Excellency, James B. Orman, Governor. Den
ver, Colo.: It is represented that the Chinese
residents, about seventy in number, have been
ordred to leave Silverton under the threat of
violence. An appeal "has been made through
the. Chinese Minister for their protection. Thi
department would be pleased if you would take
such action as you may flnd necessary for the
protection of the rights of person, business and
property. JOHN HAY, Secretary of State.
DENVER, Feb. 12.— Governor Orman
to-day made public the following tele
gram, which he received last Monday
from Secretary of State Hay:
Secretary of State Tele
. graphs to Colorado
Governor.
I Fifth . race— Five furlongs, selling; three
year-olds and unward.
ffiiSO Foul Play 104 3275 Arlgato 9C
32«y Ural 102 :$2Sti Sand de I>i.. 04
8113 San Lution... 9S 8277 Rasp 100
3281 Alzura 107 31SG Victoria S.... M>
3188 Patsy Dolan.. Ill 3276 Halmetta »6
3011. El Rey 109
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards, selling;
four-year-olds and upward.
(SSSONilBar' llll 32S6 Qulzz II IOC
3286 Hungarian ...lllj 2175 Satan Ill
32t!2 Billy Lyons.. .106 32S& Mission Ill
3288 Lodestar 111 (32S7)Merops Ill
3141 C. Bailantyne.109!
ASKS PROTECTION
FOR THE CHINESE
Fourth. race — Futurity course, selling; three
year-olds.
3204 Sen. Bruce.. ..117 3276 Sir Claus 10ft
<3203)Jungfrau 112 325S Bassenzo ....'114
1.1275 Marelio 109 3209 Torila 112
32S7 Chandoo 117' 327tf Maraschino ..109
TRAIN PITCHES
INTO A DITCH
Third race — Futurity course, • selling; four
year-olds and upwards.
3190 Gibraltar 1041 3279 Scallywag ...lot
S2S0 Clarando 100 3280 Ned Dennis.. 101
:!202 Sea Lion;.... 104! 3292 Fine Shot 101
Second race — Three and a half furlongs, sell
ing; maiden two-year-olds.
Baby Mine.. .105 3210 J. McGowan. .105
Georgle West.lOu 3270 Ml Reina 105 ;
3LT.7 Elliston 10S 2VM Irish Lassie.. 105
3'_'47 Little Marg't. S)S
Bullman was fined $50 by the judges for
his rough riding on*. Sylvia' Talbot.
The complexion of tha third race did
not suit the officials, and the race is un
dergoing investigation. Either Bab is
rapidly going- back or else Formero is re
gaining his old stake form.
As the contemplated move to Tanforan
Park by the California Jockey Club
does not seem to be a popular one, both
owners and the public in general disap
proving of the change, tht; matter has
been taken under advisement by the man
agement. President Williams said on thn
boat last evening there was a possibility
that racing would be continued through
out the season at Oakland.
- L.° V. Bell purchased from' Tichenor &
Newgaa* yesterday AVayward Boy. The
horse is now at Memphis and will be
schooled for a jumper. . The New York
turfman bought Herculean for the same
purpose. - ¦¦ • •
Following are the for this after
noon's events: ¦ " . - •
First "race— Six furlongs, sellingr four-year
olds and upward. . .;-.•.
3215 Buck Taylor. .10!» .T275 Intrada 104
3240 Fridolin 1(>4 3'J«l William F.. . .100
:!281 February 107 :!277 Monda 109
S287 H. Thatcher. .10i> .V.2S1 Ser'well Lake.KH
3185 Rushflelds ..:105» 3281 P. Archibald. 100
Track Notes.
Open stake, sixty-four, entries — E. Geary's
Fair Oaks vs. W. Cairns' Gold Ore; W. . J:
Leonard's Daylight vs. F. Rogers' - Glaucu*;
M. Nealon's Agamemnon vs. J. Trade's Cosey;
B. Sllva's Master Rocket vs. G. Graham's Ty
rone Prince; Pasha Kennel's Roving Arab vs.
Pasha Kennels' Reckless Admirer; P. M.
Clarkson's Miss Brummel vs. \V. Cairns' Im
perial: E. Geary's Little Jlrn vs. W. C. de B.
Lopez's B. P.; F. Rosenberger's Lady Chl
quita vs. F. Gerber's Rlenzi; E. Geary's
d'Athy vs. E. Geary's' Fannie Hughie; Kelly
& Hanley's Precita Maid vs. Pasha Kennels'
Regal Attire; J. H. McDuffy'a Jimmie An
thony vs. P. Doyle's Thelma; J. Trade's Belle
Rocket vs. Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy; M.
Kolander's Master Whalon -vs. J. Carroll's
Auckland; J. Connell's Black Jewel vs. W. C.
de B. Lopez's Courage; F. Bullock's Rocky
Glen vs. B. Senderman's Comique; J. Car
roll's' Cascade vs. .T. Carroll's' Lady Menlo;
A. McLeod's Royal Friend vs. F. Rogers' Ar
baces; A. R. Curtis' Galatea vs. A. R. Cur
tis' Loat Chord; M. Nealon's Fred Freedom
vs. T. W. Bartels' Bogus Brummel; G. Gra
ham's Emln Bey vs. A. R. Curtis' Old Iron
sides; Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face vs. Kelly
& Hanley's Lushmagh Lad; J. S. Bodt's Lovlno.
vs. • J. A. Klein's Coronado; T. W. Bartels"
Bogus Baron vs. W. 'Burke' s Night Time; I).
"Weikand's La Estrella vs. F. Rosenberger's
Master Bly; G. Welch's Little Lucy vs. Ala
meda Kennels' Melrose Lad; O. Zalil's O'Hara
vs. Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor; C. Glock's
Alameda Lad vs. J. Connell's Moonorita; A.
Helmuth's Areca Nut vs. L. S. Barre's Boodle
Boy; F. Brown's Friendly vs. T. Maher's Bad
Boy; II. H. Gray's My Dog vs. W. J. Brown
ing's Little Jack; J. Hurley's Riley Grannan
vs. Alameda Kennels' Clarice; W. C. Badger's
Alert vs. F. Brown's Go Slow.
Special stakf. fifty-two entries— J. L. Host,'
Fontenoy ¦ vs.- 15. Zelph's Olencoe; Chlarlni
Bros.' Santonin v*. O. Zalilrf Homer Boy; K.
Ready's Kull Moon vs. Sterl & Knutvleg' Ollta;
A. J. Van der White's 'Fltfra McDonald vs. 1).
J. Healey's Tapioca; Chlarlni Hros.' Dewdrop
vs. J. L. Hoss' Game Hoy; J.- Cane's Greenhall
vs. J. llurley'jj Gramerc-y; I>. J. Healey's
Tiburon vs. ;H. Schaffer's Fair Glen; Ohiarini
Bros.' Tame Tralee vs. J. i>o\vling - a Sir Law
rence; A. It. Curtis' Vulcan vs. C. Pickard's
Bright Gold; 1). J. Healey's SiSquoc vs. G. B.
Merrill's Warpath; A. H. Curtis' Loyal Lad
vs. J. Detnpsey's Jlnijle Bells; >'. Doyle's Lib
erator vs. E. Geary's Fenll; A. J. Van der
White'* Lear King vs. W. <\ de 11. Lopez's
Peplta; P. J. KeUly"s Koyal Vnlon vs. J. Hur
ley's Living Picture; W. J. I^onard's Tom
Hurliok vs. E. Gearys Uonnie Ilughie; P. M.
CurtU" Sir Pitt TS-. T. Coleinan's Cotton Ball;
G. Nethercott's Hickory Dick vs. G. Nether
'cott's Freda C; Chlarlni Bro?.' White Hat Vk>.
E. Geary' » America; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys
vs. .1. L. . Boss" .Mayflower;- E. Geary's Roy
Hughie vs. E. Gear>-'s Ruby Sankey; E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha vs. Alameda Kennels'
Lilac; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe vs. C. Con
ner's Wild Norah; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson vs.
A. R. Curtis' Leola; H. .11. Gray's Rona vs.
Paaha Kennels' Real Article; I>. J. Healoy's
Elista vs. F. Jones' AV'edgewood; 1 J . M. Clark-
Honls Golden Garter vs. Pasha Kennels', Rural
Artist. ;
One hundred and sixteen greyhounds
are entered in the two stakes Which form
this week's card at Union Coursing Park.
The draw last night resulted as follows:
Entered for Saturday "and Sun
day at Union Park.
One Hundred and Sixteen Dogs Are
COURSING STAKES DEAW
MANY GOOD GREYHOUNDS
Fifth race— Patsy Dolan, Alzura, Halmetta.
Sixth race — Merops, Lodestar, Col. Ballan
tyne.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 12.— Summary:
First race, one mile and an eighth — Little
Lois won, Lillian Reed second. The Messenger
third. Time, 1:5C.
Second race, half a Aille — Maverick won. Imp.
Lady Winkle second, Frank Rice third. Time,
:48V,.
Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — McLaren won. Mr. Rose second, Bris
tol third. Time, 3:05%.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile and a six
teenth — Intrusive won. Silver Coin second, Petit
Maitre third. Time, l:47Vj.
Fifth race, six furlongs — St. Cuthbert won,
John Grigsby second. Prowl third. Time,
Sixth race, one mile and three-eights, sell
ing—Malay won, Little Elkin second. King
stelle third. Time. 2:21%.
Washoe 450 — J. Hausmann.
Sabato Morals 464 — Marcus Ricen. Isaac
Swett, Aaron Tllzer.
Baker City 473 — S. L. Baer. S. A. Heilner
Boise City 481— Nathan, Falk.
Loa Ansrelea 4S7 — Victor Harris, M. H. Hell
man. J. L. Jonas, 9. G. Marshutz.
Isaac M. Wi^e 49S— Louis Weieel.
Pension Agent WUgus Convicted.
Lorenzo D. "VVilgus, a i>enslon agent, re
siding in Sacramento, was convicted yes
terday by a jury in the United States Dis
trict CouTt of the crime of forging a false
affidavit to the pension claim of William
Matthews, alias James Brown, a pur
ported veteran of the Civil War. Wllgus
signed the affidavit as "R. B. Wilkinson,
captain Company A. One Hundredth
Pennsylvania Volunteers." His defense
was that the facts narrated in the af
fidavit were true and that he was drunk
when he signed the name of Wilkinson.
The Jury was out only twelve minutes" Just
v.i?i«f wfi to s u l u P statr3 and take on»
ballot. \VUgus has a wife and three
young children, left in destitute circum!
h?^«i k V rea f m °, f J 113 drunken habits.
He will be sentenced Saturday.
eer, Isaac Herzberg, Slsround Regensburger,
Aaron "Waach, Adolph Wolfe, Marcus Zach
arias. Herman Lesser.
Golden Gate 129 — I. J. Achenhelm, L. Bern
stein, Philip Conn, H. E. Heineman, S. Isaacs.
S. Kalisky, M. H. Wascerwltz.
California 163 — Charles A. .Berliner. David
Cohen, Max Goldberc, Julius Israelsky. M. S.
Levy, H. Rubin, William Samuel, Simon Wolf,
Jacob \Vollner.
Orange 224 — Abraham Marx, Moses Norton.
Paradise 237 — Marcus Levy.
Ariel 24S— M. Blumenthal, Alex J. Hart, P.
5. Hirsch.
Oakland 252— M. H. Coffee. M. Friedlander,
Max Marcuse, George Samuels. . . . ¦
Carson 266*— Benjamin Harris.
Unity 273 — Maurice L. Asher, David Cohan,
I. Cohnreichf Sol J. Levy, Louis Unman, Si
mon Myrson, Jacob Nleto, Max Popper, Sol
Raphael, Marcus RosentbaJ, Max Warshauer,
William. Wolfe.
North Pacific 314 — A. Dreyer. M. Gilbert,
A. S. Rosenthal, I. EV Solomon.
Cremieux 823 — Joseph Bayer, Philip Flatow,
6. S. Green, David Lande, L. C. Levey, I. P.
Strassburger.
Semi-Tropic 341 — M. A. Hamburger, M. Mor
ris.
Seattle 342— Fred Bories, L. Kohn, I. Korn,
Elkan -Morsenstern.
Occidental 843 — Joseph Bien. S. Hirsch, Ben
jamin Schloss, F. Sperling, Edmund Tauszky,
Jacob Voorsanuer, Wallace A. Wise.
Lasker 370 — S. I. Fax.
Portland 418 — Jacob Bloch, I. N. Flelshner.
S. W.. Herman, Otto Kraemer, S. Julius
Mayer, Slgmund Slchel.
Baron de Hirsch 420 — Noah W. Bender. Slg
mund Genzbereer, II. Jonas.
B. P. Peixotto 421 — J. Boehmer, A. Graupe,
William Grauoe. W. G. Waters. '
Abraham Gelger 423— A. W. Slegel, . Leopold
Stern, S. Weixel.
Sudden Death of a Contractor.
Charles L. Tilden, contractor and
builder, 82 years old, was found dead in
Jli ««..*? im Golden Gate avenue yester
rt&f? VrlVf' was cau »ed by heart
failure, Tllden having suffered from heart
disease for the past five years. He waa
a native of Massachusetts and a widower
OAKLAND BACnE?TBACK— Wednesday, Feb. 12.— Weather nne.^Track^ sloppy.
32StT~FIRST~RACE — Seven furlonga; Belling; three-y<?ar-old3 and upward: to ttrst. $323.
— | Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. K. Va- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
S^O." Merora C 105 7 71 4 1 2 2 1 S3 P. IX Weir Hoar 3 16-ft
.T»£-» Huachuca 3 103 2 In 1 V* 1*4 -• n G. W. Baldwin.. Jackson 3-2 9-8
82S5 U?cllin 0 .:: 1TO 5 5 >i 2 h 1 3 1O D. F. Cox Redfern « »-2
,T~7S Chan loo i 106 8 8 73 U 42 T. H. Stevens. .O'Connor 5 10
l~77 Har Thatcher' 'silOU « 3h 3 1 4 h .5 % W. Johnson.. ..Winslette 10 oO
» r >™ ThJ"Mi!iPr fi 105 3 2^61 0 4 li 5 O. P. McNeil... A. Kelly 6 «
3-86 Darlene I' -.100 1 6h 5h 7 8 7 10 Dr. Rowell.U A. Jackson 20 100
328S JThe SinVor.'s. . . .lOsf -S 418 8 8 blagrane & Co. ¦ .Ranachl 10 W
Time- M -24SSJ - V. -5O*4- % 1:17%: T». 1:31. Good start. Won first three driving. ."Wiff
nerF D Weir's ch if by Brutns-Mlrope. Jackson took matters a bit easy with Huachuc*
the last part He pulled up lame at that. Urchin would have won at a longer route.
3288. SECOND RACE — Three and a half furlongs: two- year- olds; to first. $400.'
.. . — . BetUng.
Owner and Jockey. [ OP- Cl.
S270~ Sylvia TalbotTTZili 1 77. 2 5 1 h <1 ns B. Schmber....Bunman| 7 ; 10 3-6
S091 Artvis 113 1 ... 1 n 2 3 2 n G. B. Morris... O 1 Connor! T-5 0-5
Siea Tom Mitchell 105 S 3 2 3 4 3 5 G. P. McNeil. .A. Kelly 15 M>
.... GaWota ....:: 110 4 . 4 10 4 15 4 15 A. B. Spreckels.. Trover 30 250
3270 High Chancellor.. 118 5 ¦ ¦ ¦ 6 0 5 Chinn & Foray the. Conley 10 lo.-2
Time 'i -'^M.- 3*4f :43Vi. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, G. B. MorrJa"
ch. c. by"Goluen Garter-Memento. Bullman on Sylvia Talbot carried Artvla in and was
disqualified. Gaviota a good looker. Chancellor cut off at start. 'Disqualified for foul
' ing: and placed last.
32SO. THIRD RACE— One mile and an eighth; selling: 4 -year- olds and up; to nrat. $323. >
" ~ " B«ttinsc.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. %.- %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
328.%" Formero. « ill 4* In Tn 1*1 12 J. Hackett J. Woods 3 2
8238 Picador. 4 109 3 4^4331 25 T. II. Stevens. .O'Connor 3 «
(3274) Bab, 4. 10+ 12S 22 S.I 3 V, Wm. Cahlll Hoar 7-10 11-20
(3275) Loyal S. 4 10« 5 3n Sn 41 41 V.Gilbert A-Xjsny 10 100
ff-'fiO [Master Lee. B 11112 5 0 5 5 [H. Willis ;Trr>^ler! 10 2O
Time— V*. :25?4: '/• iWAi %. 1:19; mile, l:47*i: l!6m. 2:02%. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, J. Hackett's ch. g. by Conveth- Formosa. Formero
finally raced himself into condition. Bab in deepest going. Loyal S should have been
third. Master Lee ran a poor race. Scratched — Hohenlohe 114.
3200. FOURTH RACE — Mile and a sixteenth; gelling; four- year- olds and up; to first. $325.
7j j I Betting.
Index|Horse. Age. Weight. St. . i/». >/*. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3273) Diderot. 4. ...... ..101 1 Ui in In 11 J. P. Atkln Ransch 3 7-3
'."lift Galanthua, 4 101 S 3433 2n 2 ns J. Coffey Jackson 5 12
(32»;0) Duckoy. 5 106 4 21 21 35 36 G. B. Morris. ..O'Connor 3-5 1-2
3237 Horton, 6 IPS 2 4 4 4 4 J. McGovern. Hoar S »
Time— Vi, :'&V>: Vt, :50W: 94,1:17%: mile. 1:45%: 1 1 -16m, 1:52. Good start. Won rid
den out. Second and third driving. Winner, J. P. Atkin's ch. g. by Rousseau-La Relna.
O'Connor's saddle slipped on favorite. Diderot a good one in the mud. Horton ran. out la
stretch. p _ i^^^^^ ii^^^^^^^ ¦ ._,-,„ n ,-, - „
3201. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course; three -year-Olds and up; to first. $325.
'¦ ~ I ~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. '/j. %. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
.'S235 Shell Mount. 3. ..113 5 4h 55 21 In [I>. Cameron O'Connor 3 9-2
3272 Colonial Girl. 3.. .111 4 52 22 lh 23 W. M. Rogers.. T. Burns 2 3-2
1 (3245) Wyoming, a 128 6 « 3 n 4 1 <l f i |Brown & Co J. Woods 3 5
:>2til Afghan a 128 .'! 3 h 4 % 3 n 4 n • |W. Ketcheman. . Jackson 5-2 «
1 2S08 Sir Dougal, 5.....128 1 11.12 8 2 55 Sheridan & Co. .Bullman 4 T
."214 Sea Queen. « 126 2 2n C tt H |J. A. Lewis McCarthy! 8 10
Time — To li. :22; to Vs. :47; last %, 1:04; short %. 1:14. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, D. Cameron's ch. %. by Salvation-Plumerla. Winner piloted In best go
ing. Colonial Girl ran a game race. Afghan absent to-day. Sir Dougal ran a nice race
tlrst time ont. Sea Queen cut oft on far turn.
1 S21)2. SIXTH JIACE — Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
• Betting.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. V^. ¥±. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3277 Flamero, 6 109 3 5 V t 3 1 1%>11 D. Cameron.. ..O'Connor 3 4
3271) Tiburon, a 109 8 :i Vi 2 n 2 1 2 3 Egbert & Co. ..T. Burns 3 9-2
(::2xO) Educate. 4 MM 1 12 13 3 2 3 3 W. E. Cotton Hoar 5-2 .1
3284 Ben Le«li. « .107 7 7:: 7 3 4 1 4 1 G. W. Scott. . .Winslette 6 S
:iV>71 Xellie Forest. 4.. 104 C « 3- « 2 5« 5 10 Magrane & Co. ..Redfern B 9
327* Decoy, o 1101 242 Oh rtl fiii George Miller. ..Bullman 3 5-2
8278 Casdale. G ;10O| 8 8 8 7 4 7 5 Hamilton & Co.-.Troxler 50 100
3L'(i8 Fine Shot. 5 10!»| 4 2 h 4 V. 8 8 McDonald & Dunlap..See 8 15
Time— M. :24)4; VS. # 50^i: ?J. 1:17: CHf, 1:2*. Good start. Won easily. Second ami
third driving. Winner. D. Cameron's ch. g. by Flambeau-Bonair. Long delay at post.
O'Connor picked best going with winner. Educate stopped. So did Decoy, a poor ¦weight
packer. Fine Shot tn hard racing luck. Scratched — Mission 109.
He has decided to lounge about to-day
and pick up a little needed weight. He
is in condition to enter the ring at a mo
ment s notice and will require careful
handling to remain so until Tuesday.
He boxed five, whirlwind rounds yester
day, going three of them with \V. J. Leon
ard and two with Louis Long.
A number of Olympic clubmen saw hfm
go through his indoor work. In the party
were Nat Hewson, Phil Wand, John L.
Mitchell, Kirk Harris, H. Boushey, De
A\itt Van Court; P. W. Lees, Fred Bur
nett and Sid Cavill.
The officers of the Yosemite Athletic
Club wiil endeavor to match "Rube"
Kerns against the winner of the' Neill-
Thurstqn fight to-morrow night in the
Rellanqe Club, Oakland. Ferns is matched
to fight-Tracey in Seattle. i
¦ Jimmy Britt is so anxious to make a
good showing In his bout with Toby Ir
win -next Tuesday night that he Is in
grave danger of entering the ring' stale
and overtrained. . He is doing . sufficient
work to put Champion Jeffries in condi
tion at a time when he needs rest more
than exercise.
He was boxing for the first time during
his training with Mike Donovan. The
"Kid" • swung at Donovan and the latter,
stepping in, was struck on the head with
Lavigne's arm instead of with his glove.
The wounded boxer did not discover his
Injury for . a moment, but soon found
something had happened.
His brother brought him into town at
once. He consulted a surgeon, who gave
the arm a slight twist,' causing intense
pain, which at once disclosed the seat of
trouble. The arm j was placed under the
X-ray and the broken bone was seen.
The arm will be in splints for some
weeks. This will cause a postponement
of the Lavigne-O'Brien light. This is the
first accident L»avlgne has ever sustained
and the first time he has ever disappoint
ed a club.
George Lavlgne, the crack lightweight
boxer, j broke one of the bones of his left
forearm yesterday afternoon at his train
ing quarters, Blanken's. /
O'Connor followed this up by taking the
closing six and a half furlong selling af
fair with Flamero, a 4 to 1 shot. Educate
led to the stretch, where Flamero waded
to the front, winning in a canter from
Tlburon.' , %
jA heavy play sent Colonial Girl to the
post favorite for the fifth event, and in a
drive O'Connor on Shell Mount, a 4% to
1 chance, led her out a neck. Wyoming
disposed of Afghan for the show.
Diderot, another entry for the Burns,
met with better success in' the mile and
a sixteenth selling' number. Ronsch, who
had the mount, 1 made quick play for the
lead with the gelding, and. having only
Galanthus to stall off, scored by a length.
O'Connor, on Duckoy,; the 1 to 2 favorite,
had the misfortune have his saddle
turn, finishing third.
This was the only unusual incident of
an otherwise quiet afternoon's sport. The
track was muddy, but not inclined to be
holding, but the favorites were greatly
out of gear, all. six being massacred.
Seldom does Lee Jackson take matters
too coolly, but it looked very much as if
the Texas rider threw away the opening
event with Huachuca. He apparently had
the race won and then allowed Johnny
Hoar to getup and win by a nose. Urchin
flniwhed third, only a neck away.
Bill}' Cahill's Burns handicap candidate,
Bab, did not make a favorable impres
sion by her showing in the mile and a
furlong selling event. She closed an 11
to- 20 favorite and,' outfooted from -the
start by Formero; finally brought up in
third place. The winner, Formero, had his
price played from 5 down to 2, and beat
Picador with ease.
old dash at Oakland yesterday cost
the rider another. race. The Schreiber
entry ruled a 3 to 5 favorite. .'Among the
other starters was Green Morris' ten
thousand dollar blonde beauty, Artvls,
the giant son of Gulden Garter. O'Con
nor on the latter . carried the favorite a
trifle wide into the stretch, and Bullman
reciprocated by taking .O'Connor in an
easterly direction to the rail, using con
siderable rough tactics In doing so. In a
fierce drive the final fifty yards Sylvia
Talbot won by a nose. O'Connor. claimed
a foul, which the Judges allowed, and the
consensus of opinion was that the ruling
was a just one. Bullman is entitled to
praise for hia efforts to win, but at times
Is Inclined to overstep the bounds of turf
etiquette. . -
JOCKEY Johnny Bullman 1 s reserve
fund of vigor and enthusiasm while
piloting: Barney Schrelber's fast
filly Sylvia Talbot In the 'two-year-
Jimmy Britt Shows Signs of
Being in Danger of
Overtraining.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Boxer Sustains Serious
Injury While at
Practice.
Favorites All Go by the Board at the Track Over the13ay.
. Duckoy I Finishes Third Owing to an Accident— Bab
Runs a Disappointing Race— Shell Mount First at Wire
SYLVIA TALBOT NOSES OUT ARTVIS,
BUT IS DISQUALIFIED FOR A FOUL
"KID" LAVIGNE
BREAKS HIS ARM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THDRSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1902.
NONES MAY RAGE IN THE COLORS
OF L. V. BELL, THE RICH NEW YORKER
Probable Favorite for the Burns Handicap Has Had i
Price Placed Upon Him and His Stable Companior
Obia by P. Ryan, Their Owner, Since Nones' Tria
4
ADVEBTISEMZNTSw
tJH W^ Jfl There is a certain
p M B*' through many ceh-
•^—^ «^ turies and is
»' ... outside, of
those who have learned from bitter ex-
j>erience know anything of its nature or
At first a little ulcer or
£ore appears, then glan'ds of the neck or
groins swell ; pimples break out on the
breast, back or some other part of the
body and fill with yellow pustular matter •
the mouth and throat become sore and
the tongue is at all times badly coated.
Headacnes are frequent, and muscles and
joints throb and hurt, especially during
damp, rainy weather. These are some of
the symptoms of that most loathsome of
ell diseases, Contagious Blood Poison.
* This strange pois-
VsOnxaglOUS on does not affect
Blood Poison gli^Sj
eaten up with it -within a short time after
being inoculated, while others show but
slight evidence of any taint for a long
time after exposure, but its tendency in
every case is to complete destruction of
the physical system, sooner or later.
S. 8. S. is a 6afe and infallible cure for
this bad disease — the only antidote for
this specific poison. It cures Contagious
Blood Poison in every form and stage
thoroughly and permanently. S. S. S.
contains no Mercury, Potash or other
harmful minerals, but is ¦ strictly and
entirely a X'egetable remedy, and we offer
$i,ooo.oo reward for proof that it is ;not.
OUR MEDICAL }?\ icb - was e stab-
nroAttTMrMT lished years ago,
DEPARTMENT, iB.doin* a noble
•work in relieving' suffering-. Give our
physicians a short history of your case
•and pet their advice. This: will cost
yon nothing, and what yon say will be
held in strictest confidence. .With
their help and a copy of our book on
Contagious Blood Poison • you 'can
manage your own case and cure your-
self at home.. , '/ . : ; ' .' ,:... [J
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, G*.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦HHHHMSHaBMBMMmM
[ I CURE MEN j
¦ With Lame Backs |
¦ f\ /^f**vT\ With Weak Nerves |
g % t \V^U-^y With Rheumatism I
¦ flHlkV-''^* >?^Bto-a with a11 those ?i " ns which tel1 ;i ™n he i E
B 'flB$p\vt ( .f//'0B& break | n « ! osin S his Krip- I have the S
I B/^m " med r y Wh \ ch & VCS back th:u *™V> fire and a
h^ra3KE^t prove w say m it- B
19 J^^^S^^^^^EMfiB Mr ' A - c - Hammond. 39 Merchant*' Vx H
S \ :h fr n l e builflir^. San Frur.cm-o. "ays- -yfur «
en i . . A- ma n is like a steam eneine Tt ?•»Tre« B
Q steam tO T make him K o. My Belt pumps that steam into him »
gj lhats now it makes so many old men feel young " s
B has M made ~i^S^S^ j? 7 ° yea " °^ *«t your belt I
" thin JeTseVifs" *** ""^ yOU Wi " y °" th and vi *°' j» it after every- ¦
gflllllS^fe^U^ SCnd I™.™* Crated book. free. if. j
i Dr. M. C^McLaughUn, |
¦ Office hours-8 a. m. to: 8:30 p. m.; Sundays 10 to 1. Never sold by druk stores. B
BBBBNBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBHBBflBBBflBBBBBBBBpflBBBB¦ The union Is rapidly increasing- In mem
bership, an average of twenty applications
being acted upon at each meeting. Here
after the meetings 'will be. held on the
second and' fourth Mondays* of each
month. ; ¦ ; , .'.-•..,.
Laborers' Protective Union No. 8944 has
Installed the following officers: President,
John Murphy: vice president. P.' J. Tier
ney: I financial secretary, ' John H. "Welde
man; recording secretary, Thomas Rea
gan; treasurer. C. M. Erickson; trustees—
P. Nash. M. Brogan, D. J. Tiffany: ser
geant at arms, Gregory York; delegate to
Labor Council, Thomas Reagan.
Laborers' Union Installs Officers.
BERLIN. Feb.- 12. — A census of the unem
ployed In Berlin taken February 2 indicates that,
so far as the count has proceeded, there are
75,000 person* totally without employment and
about 40,000 partially unemployed.
NEW TORK, Feb. 12.— The battleship
Illinois, which to-flay dropped anchor oft
Tompklnsvllle, after Ks final trial run
from Newport News to New York, has
proved herself the queen of the navy. In
every test she has surpassed the Alabama,
the Oregon and even her sister ehip, the
Kearsarge. The tests ¦were rigorous and
fully demonstrated, her officers say, her
superiority over other vessels of her class
which the country can boast Her main'
talned speed was 15.7 knots.
Maintains a Speed of
15.7 Knots.
In Rigorous Tests the Big Vessel
BATTLESHIP ILLINOIS
IS QUEEN Or THE NAVY
These precautions have been agreed
upon at a meeting of the general man
agers of all the railroads entering Chi
cago. The Chicago and Alton Railroad
and the Illinois Central began to put
them into effect to-day. The other roads
will begin to-morrow; All will continue
until the smallpox epidemic which is rav
aging the Northwest and the Mississippi
Valley States shall be stamped out. At
the meeting of the managers the condi
tion of the plague In Wisconsin, Minne
sota, Michigan, Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas,
Missouri and Illinois was declared as
alarming and It was stated that the con
tagion had spread as far south as Missis
sippi and Alabama.
CHICAGO, Feb. 12.— Every employe of
every railroad entering Chicago ¦ from
president to messenger boy will be vac
cinated between now and Monday or lose
his position. Every car which arrives In
the city from every direction will be sub
jected to fumigation for six hours under
the direction of the health department of
the city before other passengers are al
lowed to enter It.
General Managers in Chicago Take
ItAILHOAD EMPLOYES
MTTST BE VACCINATED
Precautions to Prevent Spread
of Smallpox.
Brewer Wins in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Feb. 12.— In the swimming
race at the sportsman's show to-night H.
F. Brewer of the San Francisco Olympic
Club won the 300 yards open scratch race.
Time, 4:02 2-5.
Automobile Kills a Child.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— Henry Thies, a
seven-year-old boy, was struck and killed
to-day by an automobile occupied by Ed
ward R. Thomas, son of General Samuel
Thomas, and three friends. Thomas was
arrested, charged with homicide and was
released on bail. The automobile which
struck the boy is known as the "White
Flyer" because of its great speed. It for
merly belonged to William K. Van
derbilt Jr.
Be Sure and Come
To the manufacturer's sale of shoes that
Is selling ladles' and men's $3 50 shoes for
$1 85. All brand new". . The very latest
styles in, Vicl and King Kid Kangaroo
and Velour Calf. Nobody Is disappointed.
Everybody gets shod at the Beehive Shoe
Co., 717 Market St., near Third. •
The first night session of the convention
was given over to .the pioneers, a number
of whom occupied seats on the platform.
Miss Susan B. Anthony presided, and
greetings and addresses from a number
of well-known women were heard. A cor
dial greeting from England's pioneer,
Priscflla • Bright McLaren, -was presented
by Mrs. Florence Fenwlck Miller. A con
tribution on "Educated Suffrage" from
Elizabeth Cady Stanton was read by
Clara Bewick Colby of Washington. A
paper by Carolina Hallowell Miller of
Maryland, who because of illness was un
able to be present, -was read by Mrs. Har
riet Taylor Upton. The paper was entitled
"Why We Come Again," and was an
earnest plea for equal suffrage. The ven
erable Henry B! Blackwell of : Massachu
setts followed with a brief talk on "Equal
Rights to All." ¦ ¦ ! •
The Rev. Antoinette Brown Blackwell
of ' New York, introduced •- as the first
woman ordained to the ministry in this
country, read an interesting paper on
"Chivalry." The Rev. 'Olympla Brown of
Wisconsin gave an Interesting talk on
conditions of "suffrage as existing in the
"United States, paying particular attention
to the privileges which aliens have In ex
ercising, this right and in making the
laws.
A campaigner In the recent New York mu
nicipal campaign pleaded eloquently with the
women to lend their aid. -Said he: "It is the
proud duty of the women of this city to'ad
vise men how to vote, since they have more
time than men to intelligently learn to com
prehend the situation." and every Low follow
er echoed, "true!" But if women are com
petent to teach men how to vote, why may
they not vote themselves? These are the argu
ments the world has put into our moutqs.
Their logic can no more be disputed than
that of the multiplication table. Surely the
world cannot long withstand the force of it.
The president of Stanford University said:
"The function of democracy Is not to make
governments good. It Is to make men strong."
The world approves and adds that that state
ment is the clearest' possible definition of the
difference between the old, when men existed
for the governments, and the new. when gov
ernments exist for men. But we may ask. If
democracy Is a means of making men strong
is there any good reason for keeping women
weak, - that we should deny them the same
chance to grow strong?
Hard upon the track of the man suffrage
movement presses the movement for woman
suffrage, a logical step onward. Why should
woman suffrage not come 7 Men throughout
the world hold their 'suffrage by the guarantee
of the two principles of liberty, and for these
reasons only. One, "Taxation without repre
sentation is tyranny." Who dares deny it?
And are not women taxed? The other, "Gov
ernments derive their Just powers from the
consent of the governed." How simple and
unanswerable that petition of Justice! And are
not women governed?
Mrs. Catt, the president, then delivered
her annual : address, which was listened
to with marked attention. She was fre
quently interrupted by loud and prolonged
applause. In the course of her remarks
she said:
Madame Sofia Levovna Frledland of
Russia responded, saying that Russia had
been the friend of America during the
Civil War and that close ties of friendship
exist between the two countries. America,
she said, had more than once displayed
friendship toward Russia, and had sent
her ships there to protect her people from
a most cruel enemy— hunger.
The president by a vote of the conven
tion was authorized to appoint the mem
bers of the finance, courtesies and creden
tials committees. She explained that the
resolutions committee must be named by
a vote of the delegates, and this could
be done to-day. The following chairmen
were appointed: Finance, Miss Harriet
Maine Mills of New York; courtesies,
Miss Marie Hay; credentials, Mrs. 1-ar
riet Taylor Upton.
The foreign delegates, who were seated
on the platform and who took great inter
est in the proceedings, listened to words
of greeting from May Wright Sewall,
Clara Barton, Susan B. Anthony and the
Rev. Anna u. Shaw.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— The first in
ternational woman's suffrage conference
and the thirty-fourth annual convention
of the National American Woman Suf
frage Association was begun here to-day
with an unusually large number of dele
gates in attendance. The convention was
presided over by Mrs. Carrie Chapman
Catt, its president. The delegates were
welcomed to the city by Henry B. F.
MacFarland, president of the Board of
District Commissioners.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— Captain Sir Thomas
Chlchester. who commanded the British squad
ron at Manila during the Spanish-American
war, has been made an admiral.
International Conference
Opens Session in
Washington.
This Government has repeatedly de
clared that it has no Intention of Inter
fering in the controversy between Ger
many and Venezuela unless the former
endeavors to permanently occupy Ven
ezuelan territory- Germany has given
ample assurances that she has no In
tention of acauirlng territory and. as evi
dence of her desire to observe the wishes
of the United States she deferred making
a demonstration until the result of the
revolution inausrurated against Castro
could be ascertained. The revolution has
failed and Germany feels that she can
now execute her programme whenever
she thinks nroper. But the authorities be
lieve she should at. least .wait until after
Prince Henrv's viflt.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
•W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— While
without official information the officials
of the State Department would not be
surprised should there be foundation for
the report that Germany has dispatched
men-of-war to La Guira to Insist upon
the payment by the Venezuelan Govern
ment of claims held by her subjects.
It had been expected that Germany
would refrain from making a naval
demonstration in Venezuelan waters un
til the conclusion of the visit of Prince
Henry. There Is a disposition, however,
to attach importance to the fact of the
publication of reports that the ships will
go at once to La Guira simultaneously
with the arrival of the Hohenzollern at
New Tork. The belief apparently prevails
in some circles that Germany will take
advantage of the era of pood feeling
which will exist while the Hohenzollern
is in American waters and Prince Henry
is in this country to force Venezuela to
come to terms. It is pointed out that
there is less likelihood during that time
of the United States misconstruing Ger
man acts.
Claims of Subjects.
New Naval Demonstration to Collect
GERMANY IS AFTER CASTRO.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 12.— A high
wayman armed with a repeating shotgun
held up the hired man on the Baxley
ranch, in the heart of Montecito Valley,
five miles east of this city, this after
noon. Sheriff Stewart is convinced that
the robber was murderer Brady, wanted
in Kern County 1 for having killed a man
with a shotgun at the McKittrlck oil
wells. Brady was last heard from In the
Cyama district, making his way to the
coast. The search for Brady will be con
tinued to-morrow by the Sheriff and a
posse.
On Trail of a Murderer.
WOMEN PLEAD
FDR SUFFRAGE
YOIf OHAMA, Feb. 12.-The \ Premier,
Viscount Katsurat, announced in the Diet
to-day the signing of the Anglo-Japanese,
treaty, which is here regarded as being
practically an Viffensive and defensive al
liance. The Foreign Minister, Kamoura,
made an identical announcement in the
lower house. The news of the signing 'of
the treaty has been received with'enthu
siasm throughout Japan. ; •
,: PEKING, Feb. 12,-The . news '.: ol the
Enthusiasm in Japan.
The Neueste Nachrichten sees in the al
liance a far greater practical advantage
for Great Britain than for Japan, "since
a Japanese-Russian war is the most prob
able of all possible conflicts In Eastern
Asia. The paper adds: "It is most unlike
ly that France will actively assist Russia
in such a conflict. Therefore Japan with
the agreement in her pocket, will have to
reckon with one on the costs of settle
ment with Russia." /
The Vossische Zeitung also infers that
the treaty will tend toward the main
tenance of Oriental tranquillity, and says
that it feels to that extent it can be
viewed with satisfaction by Germany.
But the paper adds that Germany's Inter
est in Far Eastern politics is not sufficient
to Justify her offending Russia by par
ticipation in such an agreement.
The most important result will be to give
England greater freedom in the remainder of
the world.
Resembles Triple Alliance.
BERLIN, Feb. 12.— The National Zeitung
referring to the" new' dual 'alliance says:
-The Anglo-Japanese alliance bears a great re.
semblance to the triple aHJance. if the United
States has Joined Japan and Great Britain in
resisting the signing of the Manchurian treaty
it must be inferred that the United States re
gards the new treaty sympathetically. Since
the Immediate aims of Japan and Great Brit
ain are essentially defensive the treaty ac
quires unmistakable significance in regard to
the preservation of peace in the Orient.
The Fracais says:
We think England gets the best of the bar
gain. She merely assumes theoretical obliga
tions toward Japan, whereas the latter'a obli
gations toward England -take a much more
practical character. It does not Beem as if
Japan has much reason to congratulate herself
on the treaty, whil« the other powers cannot
remain Indifferent to an alliance which will
leave England much less accommodating in the
Far East.
The Journal dea Debats remarks:
The new alliance seems to Indicate that the
British Government intends inaugurating a new
policy in the Far East. It- la an innovation
without precedent for a century. England
thereby changes her policy of "free hands"
for a policy of "tied hands." There is perhaps
a direct relation between this and the sort of
diplomatic revolution and change of situation
regarding Wei-Hal- Wei.
The Temps says
PARIS. Feb. 12.— The view taken In dip
lomatic circles here Is that the Anglo-
Japanese alliance, being purely defensive,
is nowise a disquieting element in the
Far Eastern situation. The agreement,
It Is claimed here, excludes Manchuria:
and Russia, therefore, is not menaced
thereby. The alliance is taken to indi
cate that Great Britain has abandoned
her opportunist and vacillating attitude
of recent years in the Far East for a
fixed policy, and that the result will make
for the peace of the world. The question
of Korea, provided for in the first artitcle
of the treaty, cannot lead to a disturb
ance of the peace, because, Russia has no
aggressive aims In that country. Japan
also is not in an aggressive mood. One
of the first results of the alliance will
probably be a new Japanese loan, as
Japan has need of money.
Means New Policy in Far East.
LONDON, Feb. 13.— The Tokio corre
spondent of the Daily Mail asserts the
alliance to be a direct outcome of the tour
of the Japanese statesman, Marquis Ito.
At St. Petersburg, cables the correspond
ent, Marquis Ito sounded the possibility of
an agreement, and certain ratner exacting
clauses in the suggested understanding
were submitted to nim.
The Marquis then proceeded to London
and frankly told the British Government
of Russia's proposals, and intimated that
if Great Britain were disinclined to enter
upon the agreement Japan would lall
back on the Russian offer. These nego
tiations resulted in the arrangement ot a
rough outline of the agreement, and Mar
quis Ito notified Russia of his inability to
accept her proposals.
Baron Hayashi, Japanese Minister at
London, continues the correspondent, then
tooK the matter up and brought the nego
tiations to a successful conclusion.
There is no doubt that the alliance is
very popular in Japan and quotations on
the stock market nave advanced.
Influential Japanese regard the alliance
as a guarantee of peace and as a check
upon Russian ambition. The Japanese
mind is greatly impressed by the strength
and determination Great Britain has dis
played in South Africa, and the best men
of Japan have hoped that the visits or
Marquis Ito would result in a closer union
with Great Britain and with Russia also,
if this is possible. ,_ ¦
A representative of the Daily Mail in
the lobbies of Parliament has gathered
the opinions of many members of the
House of Commons regarding the alliance
The representative believes that a friendly
understanding with China was obtained
before the treaty was concluded and that
Lord Rosebery is very much pleased with
the treaty. On the whole, says this rep
resentative of the Daily Mail, the mem
bers of the House of Commons approve
this step heartily, but there are many dis
cordant voices on the Liberal side of the
House. Sir Charles Dllke (Radical), John
Burns (Socialist) and others consider the
policy of isolation to be best. Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman, the opposition lead
er in the House, and Sir William Vernon
Harcourt (Liberal) are also dubious ot
the advantages of the alliance, while the
other Liberals look with apprehension
upon what they regard as certain to come,
namely, a conflict between Japan and
Russia. „ ,
Among the Government members of the
House and the Conservatives generally
the greatest satisfaction with the alliance
Is expressed, and especially in view of
the fact that it gives Great Britain com
mand of the Japanese fleet.
Outcome of Ito's Tour.
to bear the burden of war , and Great
Britain's important assistance would bo
the shape of money. Well-informed dip
lomats do not believe, however, that war
will come, as they say Great Britain
knows that immediately upon the declara
tion of hostilities Russia would throw a
huge force into India and quickly obtain
possession of that territory.
It is not doubted among the diplomats
here that the new alliance will effectually
veto the signing of the Manchurian
treaty.
The British Minister, Sir Ernest M.
Satow; the Japanese Minister, Uchida,
and the United States Minister, Mr. Con
ger, have recently been pressing Prince
Chlng to postpone signing the Man
churian treaty, and obtained ¦ a promise
to defer' so doing until fresh representa
tions could be made, .which representa
tions were made to-day in the form of a
copy of the Anglo-Japanese treaty.
The Chinese officials who were informed
of the signing of the treaty expressed the
greatest satisfaction. They said British
prestige in the Far East had been given
a tremendous advancement.
signing of the Anglo-Japanese treaty of
alliance became known to a few diplo
mats here to-day and was an absolute
surprise. The treaty is regarded as the
most' Important movement made in Far
Eastern politics of recent years. The
Japanese Minister Uchida, visited Prince
Ching, president of the Foreign Office,
and gave him a copy of the treaty. . •
The German cruisers Vineta, Falke and
Gazelle, the British sloop of war Alert
and the Dutch cruiser Utrecht are at
anchor off La Guira. Venezuela.
The signer of the foregoing report is
General Manuel A. Matos. the leader of
the Venezuelan revolution and commander
of the Libertador.
When the commander of the Crespo arrived
on board the Libertador we noticed that his
hat had been pierced by bullets, and we ac
knowledged that he and all his crew had
lought valiantly. . MATOS.
ON BOARD THE LIBERTADOR, off Cuma
rebo, Venezuela, Feb. 7.— We left the vicinity
of Curacao at 4 o'clock this morning, golnj,'
southward. We were Informed by a schooner
that Venezuelan Government warships were
oft La Vela de Coro, and we headed south at
full epeed. At 2 o'clock In the afternoon we
met the steamer Crespo, before Cumarebo, and
the immediately prepared for the fight. To our
summons to surrender, which was accom
panied by a blank cannon shot, the Crespo
replied by opening fire on us, to which the
Libertador answered by directing: the fire of
her heavy guns and rapid tire guns on the
Crespo. The latter kept up firing lor a time,
but her ehells did not strike us, while our
shells inflicted serious damage on her. After
half an hour's fighting, the Crespo hoisted the
white flag and surrendered unconditionally.
The commander of the Crespo, General Pedro
Rivere Sutero, and all her crew, were then
transferred on board the Libertador, and the
Creepo, rendered completely useless, was aban
doned on the coast, after all her war material
had been removed and the guns which we
could not take away had been destroyed. We
then continued our cruise.
The following report of the engagement
between the Libertador and the Crespo
was obtained:
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Feb.
12.— A schooner which communicated yes
terday with the revolutionary steamer
LJbertador, confirms the report that the
latter sank the Venezuelan gunboat Gen
eral Crespo recently near Cumarebo. .The
captain and crew of the Crespo are pris
oners on board the Libertador.
MARTINEZ, Feb. 12.— Andrew Crandall
was shot and killed by Dr. Ryder Powell
this afternoon on what is known, as the
Quicksilver Mine ranch, three miles from
Clayton. A man named Bendixon escaped
the same, fate only because of the, de
fective aim of 'the shooter.. Dr. Powell is
80 years of age and has been a resident of
the Clayton . district for -the past thirty
¦years. ; :¦ ! ,¦ . '..-.... .'_•'.' .:...'
For some years a portion of $he Quick
silver Mine ranch has ' been in litigation.
Dr. Powell claimed about 1200 acres of
Government land, while Crandall .and
Bendixon laid claim to a quarter section
of the property, which is supposed to.con
tain a quicksilver deposit. This .quarter
section was ; inclosed with a • fence by
Powell and he had warned the rival claim
ants to keep off, the land. ¦'» \ ''. ¦
Crandall and Bendixon this afternoon at
tempted to pass through a gate of the
fence and visit the quicksilver . deposit.
Dr. Powell was there to stop them.
"If you attempt to • trespass upon . my
land I will kill 1 you," he declared.
The two menj thrust him aside and con
tinued on through the gate., 'Suddenly the
octogenarian drew a pistol and fired twice
at Crandall, Who was only a few feet
away. Crandall fell dead In his tracks.
Dr.' Powell then turned his weapon upon
Bendixon and fired, but the bullet did not
take effect. Without waiting to learn
what disposition was made of his victim's
body, he mounted a horse and .rode into
Martinez andi gave himself up to the
Sheriff. • ;
In his statement to the Sheriff Dr.
Powell alleged that he killed Crandall in
self-defense. He says that he, with Frank
Silvey and Thomas Prein, went out to re
pair the fence, which was about a quarter
of a mile from his house. While they
were at work Crandall and Bendixon rode
up and attempted to enter the lnclosure.
He warned them away and a quarrel
started. Dr. Powell itlleges that the two
men seized him, but that he succeeded in
getting out of their clutches. Then, be
lieving that his life was in danger, he
took from a sack near at hand- a revolver
that he had brought along to defend him
self with and opened fire. He does not
know whether the first shot took effect,
but when he fired the second time Cran
dall fell. S
Dr. Powell, whose years have rendered
him feeble, has long been regarded as a
crusty and excitable old man. For years
he has been mixed in land quarrels, hold
ing .to the property he claimed, despite
the efforts of others to develop a portion
of the land as a mineral claim.
The Sheriff and Coroner have started for
the scene of the tragedy, j -..-.',;•:, ' ,
Special Dispatch to The Call
Quarrel Over Ownership of a Supposed
Quicksilver Deposit Near Clay
ton Leads to the
Tragedy.
Germany Preparing a Naval Demon
stration, to Compel President .
Castro to Pay Claims
of Subjects.
Commander and Crew of the
Crespo Taken Aboard ths
Libertador.
Aged Dr. Powell Shoots
¦ and Kills Andrew
Crandall.
- — •
Fires at Another Man, but
the Bullfet Goes Wide of
Its Mark.
Leader of the Venezuelan
Rebels Describes the
Battle.
CONTRA COSTA
OCTOGENARIAN
TAKES A LIFE
MATOS TELLS
HOW HE SUNK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIii THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1902.
PARIS, Feb. 13.— Referring to the reported en
gagement between brigands for the possession of Miss
Stone the Constantinople correspondent of the Echo de
Paris says: The captors of .Miss Stone and Mme.
Tsilka have been attacked by another band of brigands
seeking to secure the prisoners in order to get the ran
som. Twenty men on both sides were kjlled during the
fight, but the original captors the missionary were
victorious. Miss Stone was riot hurt.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— A World special from Vi
enna says: Die Information reports that two
bands of brigands are at war for the possession of
Miss, Stone, one being that which originally cap
tured her and the'other desiring to seize her now so as
to claim the ransom. In an engagement which is said to
have taken place Sunday between the two bands onthe
border between Turkey and Bulgaria the total casual
ties were twenty killed and twenty wounded. Miss Stone
remained in the hands of her first captors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rival Bands Reported to Have Fought Over
Miss Stone, Twenty Being Killed.
BANDITS ENGAGE IN BATTLE
FOR POSSESSION OF CAPTIVE
ANGLO-JAPANESE TREATY MAY CAUSE CLASH
Continued From Page One.
5
Off Colour?
Practically the whole English
speaking population of the
world , keep themselves in
condition by using
Beecham's
JL A.JL1.O*
Sold ErerjiTliere— In boxes 10c and tlo. / j
ADVEBTIS3MENTS.
Ever Peep Into This Laundry?
' It would do you good to see the perfect
system and absolute cleanliness we main-
tain. We have every facility for doing
perfect laundry work/ and that's the only
kind we do. If you send your linen here
you'll have no cause to be dissatisfied. W«
deliver and collect your washing. No
Saw Edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Offlcs 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
TO THE PUBLIC.
j***3R%. I have been wonder-
jgCrSftgV . fully cured of fits and of,
£||&M9&9 j hip trouble by the fa-
1*55 * moua herb doctor. Wong
ySSSC; f Him. of 115-117 Masoa
u/f I «t., S. F. I was nearly
%fi£& / dead wbsn I came to
gSfimf ' him and the fits I had
/ A fc^ were dreadful, but I am
>€lV J r 5J\ enjoying perfect healtfc
CtfTC?^, jjqilV> now. I can tell any on s
-Ajsfuff%B5gT§y ot the wonderful curea
* 1 *CwoS i !bS&7»*" he has made for me.
I came from Meridian. Sutter County, Cal.,
to Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of aU
my ailments. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTT,
Meridian. Sutter County. Cai.
January 21. 1902.
BAN STtANCISCO. Oct. 6, 1900.— To whom
it may concern: This la to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason «t.. San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make thU
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
In every sense of the word, and an honorable
man in all his dealings. DR. C. A. GAY.
Dentist, 902 Second ave., Seattle, Wash.
December 15. 1900. — This is to certify that I
was suffering for fifteen years from Brlghfj
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and varlou i
remedies without affording me any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him ot
115-117 Mason st.. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I write this in my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
sufferers may be relieved, and I wjll be glad to
certify to this in person to any one that may
call upon me at my residence. - ¦
MRS. JOH>f ALLANSOJT.
Orchard ave.. Elmhurst. Alameda County-. Cal.
T h • "Dr. ~£f '^fe Aldan Electrio
Belt" (with ¦z$Sz£fr~- impts sory) ts
guaranteed 'v* a *> i to possess all th«
cnrmtlTa properties of the expensive, belts
now sold by doctoss and druggists. It elves
a vary strong current of electricity and is
easily regulated. Bound to *upersed»
others. Can be bad from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT. Clr- •
enlar In*. Call ov tddress PIERCE SZJEC-
TKIC CO.. 206 Po»v at.. San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. Kew fork.
Dr.lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a centnry.
.. ¦* B 's oil •> non-pobcmoTW
remedy for Gonorrhoea »
CURES >£J Whites, unnatural diH
MSisf in 1 u 5 dtjt. tJ charges, or any iaflammi.-
faJw Ga»r»atMd to *¦ tlon, irritation or ulc«ra«
EL— •¦ Proeni oonmioo. tion of muconj mem*
tSISV " ib "" 1 *"- 0 •S^ffl or aent In plain wr*pj*r.
«•¦•*• JSKA by espreds, prepaid, for
f »•<». or 3 bottles, 12.75.
8 II Circular scat oa request.
(1- J)
MARKET ST. SI.^3u£r
Keller
Goods
Always
Satisfy
- As the opening of the spring sea-
son Is rapidly approaching, we are
dally receiving shipments of most
desirable underwear.
This being our first spring season
In this city, we have spared no pos-
sible efforts to procure every suit-
able novelty that will enable us to
sustain our assertion that Keller
goods always satisfy.
Spring Underwear.
In both texture and price we are
showing some lines that are a dis-
tinct surprise— a surprise in both
style and price.
FRENCH BALBRIGGAN
SHIRTS and DRAWERS, fashion-
ed seams....... 5Oc each
FRENCH BALBRIGGAN
SHIRTS and DRAWERS, full fin-
ished seams ...........$1.00 each
PANCT STRIPED FORM FIT-
TING RIBBED BALBRIGGAN
UNDERWEAR ...... .81.00 each
Keller ' Shirts Satisfy.
A SPRING SPECIAL.
We have just made up In our own
factory on the premises a line of
solid body shirts in green and blue,
with fancy plaited bosoms and cuffs
to match. They are made with the
same care that- every shirt of
Keller's is made; they will fit; they
will satisfy.- . ¦ ¦ --
Price $1.50
Men's Tailoring.
Some very . pretty &: designs , in
Men's Suitings have. come to hand
lny the pasf few.-* days; - ¦ they • are
choice creations of spring. In fit,
texture and price .
WE WILL SATISFY; ' '
1028-1030 Market St.
Sheet
Music
Free
"Why, I had no Idea your store
was such a big one," the writer over-
heard a lady say yesterday.
The remark prompted a sugges-
tion, and we have an -offer to make.
Here it is:
TO ANY ONE WHO WILL
VISIT OUR STORE TO-MOR-
ROW JUST TO LOOK AROUND
WE WILL GIVE A PIECE OF
SHEET MUSIC. • *
The reason we' do this is because
we want ; every one to know —
FIRST, that the House of Curtaz
carries the largest stock of pianos
on the Coast— that this stock occu-
pies five floors and is more varied
than any stock you have ever seen.
SECOND, that the prices quoted
by the House of Curtaz are j lower
than any others in San Francisco..
THIRD, that the pianos here are
.instruments of merit, of permanent!
worth, perfect in every detail of the
piano maker's art, and guaranteed
by a guarantee that is worth some-
thing.
FOURTH, that we are practical 1
piano makers — that we can explain
the MECHANICAL parts of an in-
strument, and that we can enlighten
you so that no matter where i you
buy, you can buy, intelligent^.
'-" FIFTH, that our record as piano
dealers in. San Francisco for the past
45 years is a matter to consider, .and
that there is little safety in buying
where a guarantee is worthless.
These are all points of 'vital ; con-
sequence— think them over.
Chickerlng Agency.
Benj Curtaz & Son,
16-18 O'Farpe'I, S. F.
Bt-nch f FRB8NO
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0 1 U IL
¦
:
The Fine Weather of
Yesterday Brought
Customers to Our
Store Faster
Than We Gould
Handle Them,
The Greatest Opportunity of
Your Life to Secure a Fine
Instrument at a Remark-
ably Low Figure.
A Number of the World-
Famous KIMBALL PIANOS
included in the Lot. i
If you have neither a piano nor an
organ in your home, and contemplate
purchasing one within the next two or
three years, come to our store and look
over the immense bargains we are offer-
ing. The prices of the instruments are
plainly marked and we can make the
terms so easy that you can well afford
to buy now, thus saving' from $150 to
$250 on a piano and from $25 to $75 on
an organ. •
The numbe/ of instruments sold dur-
ing the past three days exceed by far
the number we expected to sell, but we
have many fine instruments left, and
among the lot we can satisfy any purse
or any taste.
THE PRICES
Are lower than have ever been made on
reliable instruments of similar erade and
\-alue in this country- The prices given
below are positively lower than any re-
tailer can afford to offer an instrument
of equal quality:
A splendid Mathuchek square
piano, small enough for any
home, and of wonderful tone
quality $67.00
Zeck upright piano in fancy
case, fine condition §63.00
Choice of half a dozen regular
$275.00 uprights now $136.00
Same piano as above, but in
plainer cases $118.00
Fourteen regular $300.00 and
$325.00 style, also brand new
and fully warranted, now
$176.00 and .9183.00
A large number of the very
choicest mottled mahogany
and walnut $375.00 and
$400.00 styles, wholesale value
$276.00 and $285.00, now... #227.00
Plainer cases $21 8.00
Others still plainer §196.00
Choice of 15 very fancy oak,
walmit or mahogany pianos,
with latest mandolin or harp
attachment, fully warranted,
regular value $340.00, now. .$183.00
4ND
Every instrument fully guaranteed, not
only by the factor)'* but we countersign
the guarantee.
DON'T
this sale if the savin;? of money is
an object. Dealers may tell you that
good instruments cannot be sold at the
prices we are naming, but come and see
the pianos and judge for yourself. A
better opportunity will never be offered
to purchase a first-class instrument at
the prices we are quoting, and if you are
not prepared to pay all cash we will ar-
range time payments that you can easily
handle.
Don't forget the name and location.
CUT THIS OUT:
j Pommer-Eilers
J Music Co.,
J653 Market Street,
\ Opposite Lotta Fountain. \
PUT IT IN YOUR POCKET-BOOK
STORE OPEN EVENINGS.
THE (EMPOBITJM. |* THE EMPORIUM.
ft*******.'.*** WWMM>M*J&M*. W^WWA fc************
| Remnants Rebuoed |
$ For Speciai Sale To-Day. %
| An accumulation of thousands of short lengths, odd |
* sizes and small lots,. that have already been marked at x
* remnant prices, are still further reduced in price for 5
i the big monthly remnant sale to-day. . 5
g Dress Goods Remnants— W*cV ani . j- j
jf colored, waist, skirt and suit lengths; Henriettas, •*S?£fcl I "'*
J Albatros, Serges, Prunellas, Cheviots, Cloths, Pop- g&j I 2
K Hns/ Plaid s*and Golf Skirtings; more than 6oo in ||pn I S
jf the lot, and each already marked at a rsmnant price, &?.p 1 X
jk at a still further cut for to-day only of. l^i f 5
K Curtain and Upholstery Rem- jp| I g
K nan ts-*~ Many odd pairs of Curtains amd hun- Fpl B ¦ ¦ J*
j» dreds of short ends of all classes of drapery goods; gfl B A £
|f Burlaps, Denims, Cretonnes, Curtain Muslin, Cur- W& ff M 5
j. tain Swisses, English Nets, Bobinets, Silkolincs, jag^ a j33 %f
* Sateens, Scrims, Furniture Tapestry, Satin Dam- M Em >*
$ asks, Plain and Figured Velours, all at a still further • ff Jk| 'x
j reduction from present remnant prices of. ff /R]J J5
K Remnants of Trimmings — The short ff / HR] £
jf ends and broken lots of aU the kinds that are popu'ar / / gagO! "*
K now;, handsome " laces, • charming ruchings, choice / / ¦ F<d?'| «
*" chiffons' and all overs; already marked at remnant I / FC£j A «
J» prices to-day only at a further reduction of : I tfefeff*^ "f
* Ribbon Remnants— tooo short pieces I piJ j{
j; varying in length from to 3 yards each, all \ J&aB&. J<
*£ widths; all of the popular styles and this season's > *
A? colorings, the accumulation of several weeks', big sell- J^^k 4&r(£t^ "5
£> ing; at" a further reduction from' remnant prices for in 9j\ Ik9 ||J J*
i Veiling Ramnants — 1500 short lengths, §ej jgj g| H '#
j£ varying irom to I yard each, plain and fancy |j|l gal £» fel j*
Jf meshes, the styles and colors that are now most fp! B ij| §51 •*
k » popular; for to-day only at a. still further reduc- Hi f^U •*
j£ tion of. •** . .:/.; /j&
if J*.. America:* Grajvdcst Store ™ XTHURSDAY FEBRUARY 13, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
ittntt An GommuieitieBS to W. 8. LEAKE, Kaaager.
MANAGER'S OFFICES....... Telephone Fre«» 204
PUBLIC ATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
a. \ Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenio* St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Weelc
Slnorle Copies, B Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage!
DAILY CALL including Sunday). on« year $6.00
DAIL.Y CALL (Including Sunday), « month! 8-00
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.B0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <*-">=
SUNDAY CALL. On« Year 1 - R0
WEEKLY CALL, One Year i 10( >
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
subscriptions.'
Bample copies will be rorwarded when requested. .
Mail cabscrlbera In ordering ch&njre of eddre** should b«
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to ixtiure a prompt and correct compliance trtth' their request.
flAKLASD OFFICE.... HIS Broadway
C. GEORGB KROO'ESS.
Et&agtr Foreign Airertlring, Kirtottta Bonding. Chicago.
<Lonr Distance* Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C O. CABXTOIV Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH .30 Tribune Bnlldlne
NEW YORK NEWT STANDS:
Waldorf •Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
aCarray HIH BoteL ¦
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
wuiun House; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
rremost House; Auditorium Hotel.
OTASHZXGTOIT (D. C.) OFFICE 14O« G St.. If. W.
MORTOY E. CRAAE, Correspondent.
BRAXCn OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open*
tmtll 8:B0 o'clock. 300 Hayrs, open until 9:30 o'clock. «31
McAllister, open until 9:80 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
• :S0 o'clock. 1941 Mieslon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open intll 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 0
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
en til 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. cpen until 9 -p. m.
MEMBERS OF COMMITTEE OF AR
RANGEMENTS FOR SCOTTISH
RITE MASONS* RECEPTION.
; Tillman says South Carolina has made more his
tory and written less of it than any.'other State Tin the
Union, and. it- may be she is too much ashamed of
what-she made to care 'about recording it.
Orchestra chairs at the Grand Opera-house in New
iTork on -the night, the Prince is there will be sold
tt $30 each, of which sum probably $10 will be to see
bf Prince and $20 for the satisfaction of boasting of
t afterward. The music will have to be thrown in.
When asked who is best fitted to lead the Demo
cratic party in the next election Mr. Whitney said:
'Mr. Shephard is a good man, and so is David Ben
aett Hill," Having thus spoken a good word for
•ach of the New York factions the retired statesman
doubtless feels that he is now entitled to a complete
rest, and it seems he needs it.
A' former . c monument '- was destroyed a
few years ago by Navajo Indians ' and
only the cairn of rocks was left, but dur
ing the past Bummer another surveying
party .visited the spot. and rebuilt the
monument, leaving it as it : is shown in
the picture.* • . ¦ " : '. .
-This spot la not easy of access and few
tourists ever' see • it, yet ; a monument
stands , at the point, erected by .United
States surveyors and inscribed with the
names of fhe States arid Territories whose
boundaries meet ' there. The ' point la
reached by a trail from the road leading
from Navajo Springs, in Colorado, in the
Ute Indian' Reservation, « to the San- Juan
River. "» The trail leaves : the road and
crosses the river near Scott's trading post
in Utah, and leads tor the monument,
which. Is of the usual type erected by
Government surveyors to mark State cor
ners. '." ":-¦•> ¦¦'. ¦ . "¦¦ .-. ¦ .
.At no other, place . on the globe do wo
find four States, Territories or provinces
uniting to form such a Junction.
Where Four States 'Meet.
In the United States there Is but one
Vfpur corners,", where four States and
Territories join. " More than this, it is the
only, place of its kind in the world. TEls
point, upon a spur of the Carizo Moun
tains, is the one .where Colorado^ Utah,
New Mexico and Arizona Join.
From San Francisco— J. A. Veatch- and
E. H. Tyron, at the Marlborough; Mrs.
I. Draper, at the Park Avenue: G. H.
Francoeur, at the Earllngton; C. W. Mills,
at the Grand Union; W. W. Treat, at the
Ashland: E. D. Baker, at the Navarre;
H. C. Clarke, at the Sturtevant; J. S.
Hanson, at the Fabst; T. Henshaw ana
Mrs. T. W. Hansom, at. the Holland; Dr.
IX Newmann,,at the Gilsey.
Los Angeles— A. L.. Br6wn, at the Hoff
man; H. Laughlin Jr., at the Grand; Mrs
W. E. Rothary, at the Union Square;
Mrs. N. E. Smith, at the Imperial.
NEW. YORK, Feb. 12.-The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
Calif ornians in New York.
It will be perceived the issue is a subtle one. The
statesmen fulfilled their agreement by granting the
franchise, but the railway wished a valuable consid
eration for its money, and the franchise granted is of
no value whatever. How Jhe courts will decide we
cannot undertake to say, but it would seem to be a
case where they would: be justified in sending bothJ
parties to jail and holding them there, while the case
is taken under advisement for a series of years. ¦
It appears from the story as it comes to us that
the St. Louis and Suburban Railway Company de
tired a franchise for an' extension of its lines, and
in order tc avoid trouble it agreed to put up $135,
coo for distribution among certain influential parties
when the franchise was granted. The story goe v s on
to say. the money was placed in safe deposit boxes'
with double locks and a key to one of the locks was
held by each of the two parties to the agreement.
As the money could not be reached until both locks
were opened neither side could get at it without the
co-operation of the other. That matter having been 1
duly arranged the municipal ;council found that, the
grant of the franchise would-be to the advantage;
of the public and proceeded .to" grant it in due fornv
Somebody took objection to it, -however, and 'the
case was carried into the courts, and there the fran-_
chise was declared to be illegal.
•Upon that showing the question arises: To whomv
doe's the money in the safe deposit belong?' The mu
nicipal statesmen claim it because they carried out
their agreement and granted the franchise. The rail
way corporation claims it because the franchise be
ing illegal is of no value. Neither party can get.at
the money. The railway men found that they, were
out $i3S,coo.- The position is awkward, but after'
meditating on the subject the corporation decided to
appeal to the courts to compel the statesmen to un
lock the safe and give up the cash. Thus theissue
has been raised, and it is now incumbent on the
Judges to; decide on which side justice lies.
FROM St. Louis comes a story of a political
deal and a lawsuit which promises to give the
courts one of the nicest points for decision that
ever was submitted to a judicial tribunal. The point,
moreover, is one of importance, for it involves such
material property as the sum of $135,000 in cash,
and such moral questions as whether or no a cor
poration is bound to keep its pledge to municipal
statesmen when the statesmen have done the best
they can to keep faith with the corporation.
A ST. LOUIS IMBROGLIO.
In explanation of that condition of affairs the Post
master General points out that the stimulus of cheap
paper, and nominal, postage has led to the publication
of fake journals, which are run mainly for advertising
purposes. While legitimate journals maintain a large
staff of workers and expend vast sums -for news or
for literary and scientific .contributions, the fake
journals do nothing of the kind. : They have no news
service and no contributors. Their only expense ¦ is
One of the serious evils resulting from the tolera
tion of these. abuses is that it makes the Government
a partner of fake publications in opposition to legiti
mate periodicals. The report says: "The extent of .
the complicity of the Government in these purely pri
vate enterprises is not generally realized. The state
ment will probably be surprising that in the case of
hundreds of such publications wherever the publisher.
spends $1006 on his venture the Government spends'
not less than $2000 in carrying on that publisher's
business, and wherever he puts v $ioo,ooo into its run
ning expenses the Government puts in not less than
Figures are given by the Postmaster General
showing that the Government at the close of the last
fiscal year was carrying an aggregate of 200,000,000
pounds of mail at one cent a pound which should
cither pay the third class rate, equal to eight cents
a pound, or not be carried at all. In that vast amount
of mail matter legitimate publications, for whose
benefit the second cla.ss rates were established by
Congress, are not included. It is made up of pub
lications whose existence is due to the fact that the
Government circulates them for less than the cost.
The report says: "Not counting the expense - of
handling, it costs the Government $10,000,000 a year
to transport this matter. It returns in ; postage
$2,000,000 a year,. thus involving a direct" loss on
transportation alone of $8,000,000. If it be charged
with its fair share of the total cost of the mail ser
vice, on the very conservative calculation, heretofore
given, the loss to the Government is not less than
$12,000,000. That amount is three times the postal
deficit of the last fiscal year.'V ',
BY way of giving the public a fuller understand
ing of the extent to which the second class
- mail privilege has been abused by unscru
pulous parties that portion of the Postmaster Gen
eral's report for 1901 which deals with the matter has
been republished in pamphlet form by the Govern
ment for general circulation. The facts therein pre-.
sented fully justify the action of the Postoffice De
partment in excluding from second class privileges
the fake journals that were virtually living upon the
Government and reveal the need of further exclu
sions. It is not likely that the Postmaster General
can under the existing law put an end to the whole of
the abuse, and it is therefore the duty of Congress to
undertake the work by a thorough revision of the
postal laws. *f-
WORKING THE GOVERNMENT.
Mabel— What do you think of the Rev.
Dr. Leach's Idea that there will be few if
any men in heaven? Maud— Huh! Would
you call that heaven?— Chicago Tribune.
Mrs. Nexdore— I guess you've noticed
the new way my daughter has of playing
the piano. Where do you suppose she got
the idea from? Mrs. Peppery— From per
versity, I suppose.— Philadelphia Press.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, EOc a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. ¦ A nice present for Eastern friends.
6X> Market st.. Palace Hotel building. •
P. W. Peters, general freight agent; W.
R. McGinnis, assistant freight manager,
and C. E. Macpherson, general passenger
agent of the Canadian Pacific At Van
couver, B. C, are at the Occidental. They
are on their way to the Transcontinental
Freight Bureau meeting, to be held at
Portland, Or. , • *
James H. O'Brien, the well-known con
tractor and politician, returned yesterday
from . an extended tour of Southern Cali
fornia. ¦ . / .' . . •
¦ Prince David and wife of Honolulu re
turned yesterday from. San Jose. They
are at the Occidental.
J. F. Fosler of Marysville is at the Russ.
W. P. Lynch, a mining man of Orovllle,
is at the Lick.
J. M. Royce, a merchant of Stockton,
Is at the Grand.
Joseph McQormick, a cattle dealer oi
Stockton, is at the Lick.
W. M. Wocdson, a merchant of May
wood, is at the Grand.
II. H. Compton, a mining man of Tono
pah, Nev.,r Is at the Russ.
F. "W. Sisson, a lumberman of Flag
stafT, Ariz., is at the Palace.
W. D. Haslan, cashier of the Santa
Cruz Bank, is at the California.
Hervey Llndley, the well-known lumber
man of Klamathon, is at the Palace.
W. Leslie, an engineer employed on the
Siberian Railway, is at the California.
L..P. W. Quimby, owner of the Quimby
House at Portland, Or., is at the Russ.
Look out for SI 4th St., front of barber and
grocery; best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c*
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Kesslln*. S. Myruon. N. H. Neuetadter, 8. W.
Ottenheimer. G. W. Pcnnington, J. K. Ruck
atett. A. B. Scalmanini. C. Storni. W. Thomas.
C. M. Troppman. F. C. Van Schalck. D. AV .
"Wesacnt)«rs and TV". H. Hlndle.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Reception Committee — J. D. Abrams, G. E.
Bacon. J. P. Beck. J. O. L. Brunswig. J. Cas
serello. F. Cramer. W. P. Fllmer. Phil
Jacobovich. T. O. Jones. C. Jelllneck. F. V.
Henry C- Schaertzer, floor director; George
Filmer, assistant; George ;W. Bauer. F. V.
Kessllng. Charles Bliss. -William I-. Scott.
Charles Jelllneck and N. H. Neustadter, floor
committee.
Grace Davis; bass solo, A. L». Larsen; wit
and song, \V. J. Hynes, and 'cello solo.
Arthur Weiss. Dancing will follow in the
main hall and also in the bannuet hall
onthe upper floor .Refreshments' will be
served in Commandery Hall on the top
lloor. .•••¦•¦
,The following named compose the sub
committees: ;.
STEAMERS— Subscriber, City. The
gross tonnage of the Oceanic Is 17,274, net
6996; length, 704 feet; breadth, 68 feet, and
depth 49 feet. The gross tonnage of the
Celtic, launched last April, is 20.SS0 tons:
net, 13,650; length, 700 feet; breadth, 73
feet, and depth 49 feet. The displacement
of the Celtic at load draft of 36 feet 6
Inches Is 37,700 tons; more than double that
of the largest warship afloat, and 10,300
tons more t'han wa3 that of the Great
Eastern. The measurements of the last
named vessel were length 691 feet, breadth
82 feet S inches, depth 43 feet 2 Inches,
and gross tonnage 18,913 tons. The meas
urements of the Deutschland are: Length,
66S% feet; breadth, 67% feet, and depth,
44 feet. Her gross tonnage is 16,000 tons.
This beats all the ante and post Christian miracles.
Krishna, Zoroaster and Buddha could, not draw
crowds enough to pay their license as conjurers with
Sabin on the road. The X-ray is the pale glimmer
of a tallow dip compared with this, and Professor
Pearson must descend from his high horse and repent
fvhile there is time or Sabin may prick him for the
simples at long range. -'-V^
Observe, too, that Colonel Sabin did not select
salt rheum or soft corns, scald head or colic to oper
tte on in this test case. The cable brought hirnT an
Incurable cancer from Natal, a difficult disease and a
difficult distance. Cancer is a scourge of civilization.
It is the odium of tile medical profession. It is in
form a perfect rose, that grows in the flesh which it
consumes. Its ravages increase yearly. It attacks
the angles of the exterior body and the external
glands. It takes a bfte of the liver without bacon,
and placards itself on the walls of the stomach, which
become dead walls at once. It gouges out the eyes,
and never fights fair. But Colonel Sabin knocks it
cut as a breakfast spell, across 15,000 miles of land
&nd water, in twenty-four hours, .not accounting for
longitude and difference in time!
Where is Marconi now? Where the dog-Latin
prescriptions of the doctors? Where, indctd, the
miracles of the Bible, which were performed in im
mediate contact, compared to this antipodal wonder,
worked over a space of 15,000 miles?
But to return to Colonel Sabin. His statements
are calculated to make Professor Pearson take the
back track in his treatment of the scriptural miracles,
for Sabin makes them look like thirty cents. He de-.
dares that religion must rest on proof that it can
heal the sick, and that he has the divine gift and will
impart it to others. He asserts that "faith can con
trol the elements." This is an old doctrine that was
for centuries held by the Christian church, and still
reappears in invocations for Tain. Even the church,
however, puts up Franklin's lightning-rod in thunder
storm countries, and where it freezes banks up the
:ellar in the fall to save apples and potatoes from
frost. No manifestation of faith has yet removed a
lertical sun from the tropics and made it thaw ice at
Lhc poles. But Colonel Sabin does not stop at asser
tion. Whatever he :s he is not a vague and abstract
person. He is concrete, crystallized and cubic. In
his addresses he tells this: "Many months ago a
cablegram came to me in this cotmtry asking me to
give absent treatment to an incurable cancer afflict
ing a woman in Natal, South Africa. I began the
treatment at once, and the very day after the message
was sent the cancer utterly vanished and the patient
recovered." I
IX one of the large Eastern cities Colonel Sabin
recently lectured in behalf of Reformed Chris
tian Science. There is no desire to dispute the
influence upon the human mind of Mrs. Eddy's cult.
It is still young, but has furnished come-outers al
ready, and the reformed branch is in the field. This
is according to nature. Six hundred years after Ma
homet Omar Khayyam found occasion to poke philor
iophical and poetic frn at the two and seventy sects
into which his creed had laminated. Prior to the
Council of Nicea Arius and Athanasius had reached
the parting of the ways in the history of Christianity,
and now the sectaries are numerous, active and no
doubt all doing some good. *
PRESCRIPTIONLESS CURES.
FEDERAL JAIL-S. 1*. City. There Is
no such institution in California a*
a "Federal "jail." "When parties are sen
tenced in the Federal courts to terms of
imprisonment the Judge imposing the
sentence designates some Jail in the State
in which to detain the prisoner. Prison
ers sentenced in the Federal courts have
been sent to the County Jail of Alameda
County.
DIME OF 1S94— A Reader, Towles, Pla
cer County, Cal. None of the dimes of
1894, except twenty-four that were coined
in San Francisco, command a premium.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Such are some of the conclusions of the commis
sion's woik. It may be that Congress will give heed
to them, but that, is doubtful. The report' has two
defects — it is too long and it scatters too much.
Turning" to, tariff questions the commission recom
mends that whatever changes may be made in the
tariff by reciprocity or otherwise adequate protection
to the beet sugar industry be maintained. Then it
makes a jump to the subject of highway improvement
and urges that increased appropriations be made by
Congress for building sample stretches of improved
roads in various sections of the country so as to en
courage the more. rapid construction of such roads at
State and local expense. Next it gives attention to
the postoffice and recommends the extension of the
free rural delivery/system, and then advocates the ex
tension di the present policy of protecting the forest
reserves, and the consolidation of the thred bureaus
of the Government which have charge of investiga
tions and administrative work in connection with
forestry. ,-.._- . '¦... ;. . c ¦. ; .r:. : -
It may be remembered that;this commission was.
appointed to inquire into the adulterations and sale
of articles of food,. and that popular interest in its
earlier, investigations was mainly due to the testimony
which was brought out on that subject. It is pleasing
'to know that the commission did not wholly overlook
that phase of its work. Among' other recommenda- .
tions it urges that a pure food section'in the chem
istry division of the Department of Agriculture be
established to prevent the adulteration, false brand
ing and deceptive imitation of foods, beverages, can
dies, drugs and condiments in the District of Colum
bia and the Territories, and for regulating interstate:
traffic therein.
Passing from commerce to -agriculture the com
mission recommends that, the Secretary of Agridul
ture be given authority to inspect dairy products in
tended for export, to fix standards for cereals when
intended. for export, to cause stock yards and stock
cars to be cleansedj to ; ; prevent 'the export of diseased
meats from one State to another or to foreign coun
tries, .and that a law be provided for the inspection
of nursery stock intended for interstate commerce or
for export. •'-*'.'•
A strong support is given to the claims of the Inter
state Commerce Commission for greater power, in
dealing with violations of laws enacted' for the pur
pose of regulating, commerce. Upon that, subject
the commission recommends: ."The definite 'grant of
power to the' Interstate Commerce Commission,
never on its own initiative, but-only on formal com
plaint, to pass upon- the reasonableness of freight and
passenger rates or charges; also the definite 'grant of
power to declare given rates unreasonable, as at pres
ent, together with power to prescribe reasonable
rates in substitution." Another reconfmendation f is
the establishment of a permanent corps of expert
auditors, who : shall. have authority under the super
vision of the Interstate Commerce Commission to
examine periodically the accounts of all railroad
companies, whether operating or financial in their, na
ture; that violations of the act respecting the keep
ing andvfiling of annual reports by carriers be made
misdemeanors, and promptness in making such re
turns .be required.
AFTER its prolonged sessions and searching?
the Industrial Commission, of which the coun
try, heard so much at one time, has filed its
report. It has done justice to the magnitude of its
work by extending the report to the proportions of
a volume of iooo pages, arid has. included within it
recommendations 'upon- well nigh" every subject of
legislative interest except "woman's suffrage and the
adoption of a national marriage law.'
AN OMNIBUS . REPORT.
- After the general reception a • musical
and literary programme •will be presented
for the entertainment of the guests. It
will include selections by the Knicker
bocker Quartet; contralto solo, Mrs •
Dieckman; select readings, Mr. Greenleaf;
cornet solo. Mrs. A.' L. Larsen: teno»
solo, Herbert Williams; soprano solo, MIsa
P. C. ' Van Schaick, master of the con
sistory, thirty-second degree, chairman; Hen
ry C. Schaertzer,: secretary; Frrfnk B. Latfd,
Charles ¦ L. J'atton, master of the Kadosh,
thirtieth ; degree; -Harry Ascroft, wise master
of . Rose Crolx, eighteenth degree, and vener
able master of the. Lodge of Perfection, four-,
teenth; degree; James A. Wilson, R. B. Miller,
J. <3. . Spauldlmr, ¦ M. SImonoff, Harry J. Lask
and George Filmer. '"¦ ' ¦ • '
have Invited the lady relatives and
friends of members to attend a reception,
concert and ball. The entertainment is to
be given by San Francisco Consistory No
1, Godfrey; de St. Omar Council No. 1.
Knights Kadosh, Yerba j Buena Chapter^
No. 1, Rose £roix, and Yerba Buena Lodge
of Perfection JIo. 1. The reception and
ball -will be an unusual eve'nt in Masonic
circles. The necessary arrangements have
been completed by the following named
committee:
ST. VALENTINE'S rilght Golden Gate
Asylum on Butter street will be In
possession of the several bodies of
the Scottish Rite of Masonry, which
It is time for the War Department to keep its
hands* out of civil legislation. The Secretary of the
Treasury is the officer intended by the constitution to
advise in revenue matters, and when an impost or an
excise tax affects American agriculture the Secretary
of Agriculture is to be sought for council.
Let us have less wood-root for a while.
It is now evident that Root and Wood are trying
to induce Congress to make good Root's pernicious
and deceptive pledge.
This incident is explanatory. It reveals the reason
for the close rhetorical partnership between Root and
General r ood. Root made a promise h,e had no
right to make, a pledge he had no power to perform.
Under the circumstances it was a despicable trick
played upon Capote to sugarcoat the Platt pill. Of
course it may be said that the Cuban delegates should
have known that the Secretary had no right to make,
such a promise and no power to redeem it. But they
did not know this, and went back deliberately de
ceived to advise action by their people procured by
a device unworthy a member of the 'American Cabi
net.
Republican Senators are incensed by his impudence
and by some revelations incident to its latest mani
festation. Our readers will remember that Congress
passed the Platt amendment to the Cuban enabling
act, which established our suzerainty of the island in
international matters. The Cuban constitutional
convention resented that amendment and sent Senor
Capote and others to Washington to try and; effect
its repeal. Instead of succeeding in that they re
turned to Havana advocates of- its adoption. It is
now revealed that on visiting Secretary of Wa- Root
they were promised ty him positively that if the
Platt amendment were, accepted he would give them
free trade for sugar, tobacco and fruits! Upon that
pledge they changed, end so declare now.
When it i* assumed that an officer of the army can
dictate to Congress, ot even be permitted to criticize
its acts of omission or commission, it is time to ad
minister a lesson that will be remembered.
General Wood's zeal in behalf of Cuban free trade
is like unto that of a planter or a planter's attorney.
He made one special pilgrimage to Washington to
advocate it, and did so with an air offensively dic
tatorial, and now he has addressed a letter to the
United States Senate,. in his official capacity, enjoin
ing it to obey his instructions. The constitution
makes it the <!uty of the President of the United
States to communicate to Congress the state of the
Union.' There is.no si'ch authority given to any sub
ordinate officer of the Government, either civil or
military. But a little thing like the constiVition does
not stand in General Wood's way at all. He has
ruled Cuba so long that he fancies that his jurisdic
tion as dictator has spread over the mainland. ;
Other officers of less rank were not less rank in
their offending against the decencies of their posi
tion. The idea which possessed them seemed to be
that civilians, including members of Congress, were
expected to obey without question such orders as is
sue from military headquarters. Time was that the
militarism of Germany went no further than Wood
and his officers have gone. But that was the green
stick. In the dry, a German officer shot down a
laborer, killing him on the street, because, carrying
a heavy burden, the workingman had unintentionally
rubbed against his uniform! The murderer went un-
THE CALL was the only paper in the United
States that called attention to the extraordinary
course of General Wood, Military Governor of
Cuba, and a number of other army officers on duty
in that island, who were volunteering, not advice, but
dictation, to Congress as to its procedure in a matter
of economic and not military legislation. General
Wood's original statement of the case was in the
highest. degree impudent, officious and offensive. He'
put it in such form. as to make it accusative of all op
position as. dishonest, dishonorable and unpatriotic.
MILITARY ECONOMISTS.
SCOTTISH RITE MASONS ARRANGE
Grand reception for friends
Despite the thoroughness. with which these various
abuses of the postoffice have, been exposed, the men
who profit by them have not been abashed. They are
as vigorous as e#r in fighting any effort at reform:
Postmaster General Smith did good work in ridding
the mails of much'of the stuff, and it is now for Con
gress to complete the work by. so amending the law
as to put an end to such 'abuses' as remain. * \
that incurred in buying cheap paper. The
ment-does the rest/by carrying and distributing the
sheet for less than cost. - "¦ ¦'
THE SAN rRANOISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUA'RY 13, 11)02.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Oeatrft! — "A Young Wife."
Alcatar — "The Kogue'e Comedy."
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Raglan's Way."
California — "The Sign of the Cross."
• Ttvoll — "The Ameer."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Juvenile Fairyland Carnival.
Sherman-Clay Hall — Aneelus Piano Player Recital, Satur-
day afternoon.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture Sunday afternoon.
Metropolitan Hall — Song Recital Monday evening, Feb. 17.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
By Wm. O. Layng — Monday evening, February 1". at 7:45
o'clock, Racehorses a:id Stallions, at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.
BBBHaaBBBBHIIBBlBBB9BBBaQlBBBai
HO . i— : OB
1 How I Played the "Fiddle" 1
:>. I Z in Dawson. 1
§ BY MAYOR EUGENE E. SCHMITZ. §
| What I Hope to Be When I g
°g Grow Up. B
H Fifteen Grammar School Girls Picked at B
|j Random Reply tc This Question tt
q 5 Read Their Unique Answers. O q
5 -¦ ' ¦^•.--'".'¦" ; "' ; *
o | Most Original Society Girl in So
a - -•> San Francisco. n
2 - ¦ _. . ¦ ¦
I How to Serve a George Wash- S
I ington Luncheon. I
HO- — : —
laBBsaaHSSBBsaBBgBBnHEaBSflSBBBianasgstiassaBBaaa
¦o— : — — . _. — . o B
¦o- ' -* , As
I? '¦ — ?B
a San Francisco Women Who I
¦ .Have Colonial Costumes. ¦ j
¦¦¦¦• . ¦ . D
ti a Look for " Brockman's Mav- ¦
¦ erick " ¦
0 H — — __— B < i
| Eight Pages of Color That Are g "
| Pleasing to the Eye. g
oh - . — ho
I Correct Fashions for Lent. B
¦¦ ¦ ¦• • ¦• ¦ . H •
:• H • " 83
| THE SUNDAY CALL PRINTS H
g MORE CALIFORNIA STORIES THAN ALL; §j
(g THE OTHER SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY q
•¦¦"¦'¦ PAPERS COMBINED. II
:-;: ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦»¦¦¦¦»¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦-.-PORT TOWNSEND, Wash. > Feb. 12.—
The steamer Al-Ki, arriving this morning
from Skagway, reports a stormy passage.
The weather in Alaska has been unusual
ly severe this season and the fall of snow
has been phenomenal. On the mountains
it has attained the greatest depth known
in years. \ . . '
The Al-Ki's officers report that the
stranded steamer Bertha Is . In an easy
position on a soft beach. She is well pro
tected from, the elements and with proper
appliances could be floated at compara
tively little expense.
of an "Unusually, Severe
Winter.
Al-Ki Brings From the North. Beport3
STBANDED STEAMSHIP - .
BERTHA MAY BE SAVED
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 13.
PILOT WHO BPvOKE RECORD
• FOR BOARDING SHIPS AT
SEA.
TO SAIL..
FROM SBATTLE.
Fever p.nd Ague- for All Hands.
The British ship ' Andarinha,' thirty.
three days from Acapulco, arrived In port
Tne Merchants' • Exchange has been
asked to call the attention of mariners
to the fact that the abandoned schooner
Laura Pike, being light.: will not sink,
and is consequently a danger to navi
gation. She was abandoned thirty-three
miles north-northwest of Cape Mendocino.
She had all sails set when the' crew left
her. She was leaking, and by this time
has probably capsized. ¦ A sharp lookout
is recommended until the derelict has
been located and destroyed.
A Menace to Navigation.
The Dutch steamship Folmina, out
forty-two days from Moji to Vancouver,
is back again among the reinsured. She
was 'quoted yesterday at 15 per cent. A
Japanese steamship reported having
spoken her some few. days ago. She had
been reinsured, but on account of this re
port waa taken off -the list. She has
failed to put in an appearance, however,
and it is now thought that the Japanese
made a mistake.- Reinsurance on the
British ship Red Rock has been reduced
to 10 per cent.
Back Among the Reinsured.
'¦-' Dec 7. lat 60 S. Ion ' 54 :.W — Br ship Foyle
dale, hence . Sept 27, for "Westport.
Jan 1, lat 55 S, Ion 78 W — Br ship Scottish
Glens, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
< Jan 30. lat 12 N. Ion 26 "W— Br shin Kate
Thomas, from Liverpool, for Vancouver.
Jan 25. lat 15 N. Ion 26 W — Br ship This
tle, from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
"Wednesday, February 12."
Stmr Robert Dollar. Johnson, Seattle.
Btmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. '
Stmr Chas Nelson. Schage, Redondo. i »
Stmr. . State of California, Swanson. San
Diego.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Alliance, < Hardwick, Portland.
U S stmr Farraeut, Fenton, San Diego.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ros3.
"Wednesday, February 12.
Btmr State of California, Swanson. San
Diego; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
- Nor stmr Thyra, Halverson. Portland; C T
Bowrins & Co.
Bark Albert, Griffith, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
Br bark Pharos,- Tonkin, Queenstown; Bal
four. Guthrie & Co. ¦ . • \
• Schr Rosamond. Johnson, Honolulu: Wil
liams, Dimond . & Co.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, February 12.
Stmr Santa Monica. Jahnsen, 48 hours from
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 40 hours from San
Diego. ¦ -'"'''
Tug Relief, Sllovich, from cruise. •
Ital shin Salvatore Ciampa, Cafiero, ISO daya
from Newcastle. England.
. Br shin Andorlnha, Nicholas. 83 days from
Acapulco.
Shipping . Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
By the grace of the Board of Public
Works a wooden sidewalk is at last being
constructed along the skirt of the sea of
mud which for many years has covered
Spear street between Harrison and Bry
ant. In order to lay, the foundations for
the new elevated road it waa necessary
to dig a pathway the width and lengtn
of the new sidewalk. It was discovered
to the general surprise of people that
have for years been wading through this
section of the water front that the road
way had a solid wooden foundation. The
new sidewalk will add considerably to the
comfort of pedestrlana. Its construction
even at this late date Is looked upon as
a blessing and a tribute to the persuasive
powers of the Santa Fe Company, at
whose request it is being constructed.
When* this improvement is completed it
is expected that a similar pathway will
be constructed along, tho roadway lined
by the grain sheds on the seawall, which
ip wet weather ' Is almost equally im
passable for pedestrians.
Sidewalk Through a Sea of Mud.
yesterday with about as sick a company
as ever sailed into a harbor. Soon after
leaying Acapulco several members of the
crew were taken down with - fever and
ague. Between ports nearly every mem
ber of the crew has had his spell of shiv
ering and burning.;. When the ship ar
rived yesterday five, of the men were still
tinder the bah of the ailment and all
hands were glad to see the anchor disap
pear In the waters of a harbor "infested
by doctors," as one of fche unhappy fever
victims put It to the quarantine officials.
Water Front Notes.
' The United States torpedo-boat de
stroyer Karragut sailed yesterday for
San Diego. . . •" .
The Norwegian steamship Hero, pre
viously reported ' ashore at Colon, has
been floated.
The Knight* Companion, recently
wrecked in -{.he China Sea and supposedly
a total wreck, may not be quite as bad
a loss as expected. The salvage of her
cargo has been undertaken and work -will
be commenced right away. The salvor
has agreed to take his pay out of what
he saves.
The tow-boat Relief, which left here a
'few days ago in search of the disabled
collier Maria, returned yesterday..
Pilot George D. Korts' flying leap for the
steamship Alameda made on Tuesday aft
ernoon from a cockle shell dingy in a
heavy sea has established a record which
pilots of the future will find it hard to
beat. Apart from the danger, which a
good pilot never considers, the perform
ance was something of a gymnastic feat.
A pilot schooner's dingy is not the most
stable starting place for a flying leap.
A dingy in quiet water is an unstable
craft, but in a heavy sea offers about as
elusive a foothold as the imagination can
suggest. Then a Jacob's ladder is not
just like an ordinary stairway. It is not
even an ordinary ladder. To the novice
the trip on a Jacob's ladder over the side
of an ocean liner lying quietly alongside
a dock would be about as impossible a
feat as the ascension of a greased pole:
When Korts boarded the Alameda she
was pitching like a wild horse. One mo
ment the ladder would be plastered hard
and fast against the steel sides of the ves
sel. »A lurch, and out over the boiling
sea would swing the thing of rope and
slippery slats. Then bang against the
side. And this to the accompaniment o*
drenching spray. AVhen Korts jumped
the steamship was crashing through the.
seas at the rate of six or seven Wiots
and the waves were playing shuttlecock
and battledoor with the dingy from
which he leaped. Captain Hernman on
the . Alameda' s bridge gave the signal
"stop her" at 3:21 p. m. He expected to
slow down, and in view of the state of
the weather looked forward to quite a
wait before the pilot caught the ladder.
The steamship had hardly, lost any head
way, however, when out " of the foam
alongside darted the dingy, and before
any on board realized what had happen
ed the smiling face of Korts appeared
above the bulwarks. At exactly 3:22 the
engine room telegraph tapped out the or
der, "full speed ahead."
Korts' Flying Leap Is a Fvscord.
Charles Schultz pleaded guilty to a
charge of forgery before Judge Dunne
yesterday and will be sentenced Saturday.
He forged the name of William Bush, a
painter, to a check for ?17 on December
24 last, which he passed on Lippitt &
Fisher, shoe merchants. Market street.
There are two ether charges against him.
but they will probably be withdrawn in
view of his plea of guilty.
Pleads Guilty to Forgery.
supplying oil. • One of the rules calls for
the exoK-.sive use of steel tanks. The
Union Oil Company, In a communication
liddreEFCd to the board, asked that the
adoption of the rules be pobtponed until
the return from Honolulu of their general
manager. The Union company 13 already
equipped with oil barren, but has been
using wooden tanks. The Commissioners
consider these unsafe, but will 1.3ten to
expert testimony on the Subject before
ecming to a fir.al decision.
"Tht Commissioners recognize • the im
portance of ths? oil industry and are anx
ious to do all they. can to promote its
Buccess and facilitate the general adop
tion of oil as a fuel," said Secretary Eng
lish, "but their first consideration in the
premises must be the safety of the prop
erty under their charge , and the protec
tion of shipping."
Chong Koen. who shot and killed. Ch'ng
Ging at Washington street and Ross a'ley
Tuesday afternoon, and Ah Jim, who shot
and killed Chung \Vy aboutan hour 'ate
near the same place, appeared In Judge
Mogan's court yesterday. They were in
structed as to their rights and the ca"=es
were continued until February 19. Ex-
Judge Ferral appeared for the prosecu
tion in the Chonfj Koen rape ard for the
defense in the Ah Jim case.
Chinese Murderers in Court.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Elizabeth Gaftkr* from Ernest Gaffke for
intemperance: Jolfti Conroy from Annie
Conroy for desertion, and Leonora Shultz
from W. M. Shultz for necrlect. - .
Henry S. Grace, who was mnrr'ed to
Annie Grace in this city in August. 1872,
filed a suit for an annulment-of his mar
riage yesterday. Ten years after the mar
riage Mrs. Grate was declared insane a^id
is now confined at Kapa. Grace clalmi
that at the time of hJs marriage his v,-ii"e
was of unsound mind.
Alba H. Dickinson le suing William A
Dickinson for divorce on the ground of
failure to provide. They were married in
1£9L Mrs. Dickinson says her husband
for the last year has compelled her to
depend upon friends and relatives for her
support. William Brown Is suing Louisa
Brown for divorce on the fjround of de«
sertion, and F. B. Morrill is suing Nellie
F. Morrill for divorce for infidelity. He
names Fred Bright of Lo3 Angeles as co
respondent.
According to Mrs. Callinan's complaint
their married life has been an unnappy
one. She says that In June. 1901. wniie
they were living at Oakland, Cailinan
struck her repeatedly with his fists,
pinched her black and blue and then
choked her into insensibility. 3he says
that he made it a common practice to beat
her unmercifully and cites as an Instance
of his brutality a beating and choking he
administered to her on December 20 last
•Mrs. Cailinan asks for a divorce and for
$150 per month alimony.
Cailinan is the leader of the Columbia
Theater orchestra. He was secretly mar
ried to the woman who is now suing him
for divorce at San Jose, December 2b. 1900.
His friends and acquaintances did not
know that he had become a benedict until
a few days ago, when Mrs. Cailinan.
piqued because of a quarrel she had had
with her husband, announced that the
ceremony had taken place.
That there is a great deal of truth in
the old adage "marry in haste and repent
at leisure" has been exemplified "many
times and oft" arid every day adds to
the list of the couples who have embarked
upon the sea of matrimony without giving
proper consideration to the shallows and
shoals that threaten the matrimonial
bark. The latest of these uphappy couples
are Mr. and Mrs. William C. Caillrian, the
story of whose secret wedding at San
Jose a little more than a year ago was
made public last week. A complaint for
divorce was filed by Mrs. Cailinan yester
day, in which she charges her husband
with brutally beating and abusing her and
otherwise treating her in a cruei and in
human manner.
Alleges He Choked Her Into
Insensibility — Other
Suits Filed.
sue a set of rules and regulations
to govern the handling of the product in
the harbor and along the wharves. In
formulating these rules the element of
safety has been considered of prime im
portance. In this respect the rules will
be inflexible and strictly enforced. Out
side of this the Commissioners propose to
do all in their power to foster and en
courage what promises to be a most im
portant industry. At the meeting of -the
Commissioners held yesterday the Asso
ciated Oil Company presented a request
for permission to anchor an oil barge in
some convenient part of the harbor from
which shipping could be supplied with the
liquid fuel. Action on the request was
postponed until the board has completed
its plan for regulating the handling of
oil. Seme of the proposed "regulatiqira
have been submitted to those interested In
HE Harbor Commissioners have
II officially recognized the growing
I importance of oil as a fuel, and In
iX the course of a few days will Is-
Orchestra Leader's Wife
Says Her Husband
Beat Her.
MRS. CALLINAN
SEEKS DIVORCE
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS WILL MAKE
RULES FOR HANDLING OIL SHIPMENTS
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
tha city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
NCTE^-In tho above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth tlm« column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
fcometlmes occurs. Tha heights given ara in
addition to the sounding.* of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precede: the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by tha
charts. The plane of reference U the mean of
the lower low waters.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
Sun, Moon And Tide.
The British shin Imbcrhorne was cleared
Tuesday for Queenstown for orders, with 07,405
ctls wheat, valued at $72,500, and 21,000 f»»*.
lumber as dunnage, valued at $315. '
The British bark Pharos was cleared yester
day for the same wort with 46,486 ctls wheat,
valued at $52,295, and 15,000 feet lumber as
dunning, valued at $220.
Wheat for Europe.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British bark Rcse will load lumber at
Burrard Inlet for Geraldton (terms private),
chartered pr'.ar to arrival. *
Steamer Movements.
TO ARP.IVE.
er Bucentaur of London, which arrived
here to-day from Calcutta, via Colombo,
brought the crew of nine men of the Brit
ish bark Manx Queen,- bound" from, La
sruna, Mexico, for Falmouth. England.
The Manx Queen was abandoned in a
sinking' condition on February 4 in lati
tude 38.36 north and longitude 46.55 west.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Feb 11— Br >tmr Kni«ht Com
panion, previously reported, is regarded as a
hopeless wreck. Salvage of cargo undertaken
on basis if not successful no pay.
COLON, Feb 11 — Nor stmr Hero, previously
reported ashore, has been floated.
MANILA, Feb 11 — U S atmr Wrlsht. pre
viously reported bavins been wrecked, has been
floated.
SEATTLE, Feb 12— The report of Cant W
F Daniels, master of the stmr Nome City, in
regard to his late voyage from San Francisco
to Seattle contains the followlnz: On Feb 7.
at 5 p m. we sighted the schr Laura Pike
flying signals of distress. Went to her assist
ance and found her in a sinking condition and
took her crew of six men on board and landed
them at Seattle. The weather was too rough
to destroy the derelict. I consider her a men
ace to navigation, as she will not sink. Her
position was 33 miles NNW of Cape Mendo
cino.
VICTORIA. Fefc 12— Captain Carroll will not
send wrecking expedition to stmr Bertha. Ha
will go himself with diver on stmr Cottage
City. He believes vessel can be easily floated.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Br ship Andorinha, from Acapulco, Feb
12 — Have. been off this port for tha last three
days with SSE- gales. Four of the crew hava
been laid up with the fever and ague, while
several others have been sick on voyage.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT. LOBOS. Feb 12, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind "W, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 12— Schr J M
Colman. for San Francisco.
WHATCOM — Sailed Feb 12 — Stmr Rainier,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 13— Schr Ottillle
Fjord, from Hllo; stmr Alcoa, from Tacoma;
stmr Ellhu Thomson, from Valdez. Jan 11 —
Stmr Cottage City, from Skagway: Jap stmr
Klnshtu Mara, from Yokohama. Feb 12 — I*
Ship Dudhope, from Hongkong.
Sailed Feb 11 — Jap stmr lyo Mara, for
Hongkong, etc. Feb 12 — Stmr Eureka, for
Honolulu; stmr Elmore, for Coqullle River.
Arrived Feb 12 — Stmr Al-Kl. from Skagway.
Sailed Feb 12 — Br ship Falklrk and atmr Al-
Kl. for Tacoma.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr
Rainer, from Whatcom.
Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Rainier, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Feb 12— U S itmr Bear,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Feb 12 — Schr Zampa.
from San Pedro; Br bark Cambrian, from Car
rizal.
Sailed Feb 12 — Br ship Celtlo Queen, for
Queenstown; schr J II Weather-was, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Feb 12 — Br ehlo Kenslnston, from
Valparaiso.
NEAH BAT— Passed out Feb 12— Stmr
Mackinaw, from Tacoma, for .San Francisco;
stmr Washtenaw, from Tacoma, for San Fran
cisco. •
Passed out Feb 12 — Schr Wm Bowden, from
Tacoma, for Adelaide.
Passed In Feb 12 — Stmr City of Puebla,
hence Feb 10. for Victoria; stmr Aztec, from
Port Los Anseles, for Tacoma.
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Geo W El
der, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Feb 12 — Stmr Cheha-
Ila. from Grays Harbor.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived Feb 12 — Schr J
M Colman, hence Jan 24.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
NF.W WHATCOM- Sailed Feb 12— Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY — Barbound Feb 12 — Stmra Arca
ta and Empire^
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Feb 12— Stmr
San Mateo. for Nanalmo.
ISLAND PORT. ,
KAHULUI — To sail about Feb 2 — Stmr Hya
des, for San Francisco, and not Jan 23.
FOREION PORTS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Feb 11— Ger «tmr Lux
or, for San Francisco.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived Feb 11— Ship
St David, from Chemalnus.
DEAL — Passed Feb 10 — Br ship "Wallac
town. from London, for Honolulu.
SYDNEY — Arrived Feb 11 — Stmr Ventura,
hence Jan 17.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Feb 11—
Ship John A Brlgsrs, hence Nov 17.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Feb 11 — Fr bark
Marechal de Villars, hence Oct 1. and pro
ceeded to Hull.
VICTORIA — Arrived Feb 12— Nor «Unr Tel
lus, hence Feb 9: stmr City of Puebla, hence
Feb 10. •
PORTLAND — Arrived Feb 12 — Stmr Fulton,
from San Francisco.
Sailed Feb 13 — Stmr Orient, for San Fran-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Feb 12— Stmr
City of Peklns, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama.
HAMBURG— Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Pa lat la.
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Feb 12 — Stmr. into
nla, from Liverpool, for Boston.
PORTLAND, Me— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr
Norwegian, from Glasgow.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Haver
ford, from Antwerp.
Bailed Feb 12 — Stmr Taurlc. for Liverpool;
stmr Philadelphia, for Southampton; stmr Zea
land, for Antwero: stmr Cymric, for Liverpool.
MOVILLE— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Parisla ..
from St John and Halifax, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
BROWHEAD — Passed Feb 12 — Stmr West
err.la.nd.. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAXLi THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3 3, 1902.
Shipwrecked Sailors Beach Port.
BOSTON, Feb. 12.— The Bucknell stea
7
Sun rises 7:02
Sun Eets 5:46
Moon sets 11:34 p. m.
D Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. r— Ft.
• III W L W , H W L. W
vT 2:43 ~5A 9:06 ~1A 3:25 ~Tl 9^00 Tl
It 3:20 6.110:17 1.2 4:51 3.S 9:63 2.5
15 4:20 5.2 11:31 0.9 6:23 3.7 10:59 2.8
16 6:21 5.2 12:40 0.4 7:4» 3.9
L. \V I H W L. W ¦ H W
17 0:11 2.9 6:29 6.3 1:44 0.1 8:53 4 2
18 1:22 2.9 7:38 5.4 2:40!— 0.2 9:44 4.3
10 2:24 2.9 8:41 5.6 3:29—0.4 10:28 4.8
20 3:20F 2.7 9:3S 5.7 4:14—0-4 11:10 6.1
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Crescent City Crescent City |Feb. 13
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. Feb. 13
Pt A'ena.... Point Arena Feb. 13
Norm Fork.. Humboldt Feb. - 13
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 15
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. 1.1
Empire Coos Bay.... Feb 14
Wasluenaw.. Tacoma ..' Feb. 14
Arcata.. ..... Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. 14
Mackinaw... Tacoma Feb. 14
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 14
Zealandla Tahiti Feb' 14
O. W. Elder.. Portland *: Astoria Feb 14
Rival WHlapa Harbor |Feb 15
Nippon Maru China & Japan Feb 15
Luxor Hamburg & West Coast Feb. 15
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb 15
Chehalls..... San Pedro..... |Fe-h i*
Victoria Oyster Harbor Feb 18
Pleiades Seattle Feb IB
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports Feb lrt
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Feb." 10
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Feb its
Eureka Humboldt F e b" lfi
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb" 17
ban Juan.... Panama & Way Ports Feb" i«
Columbia Portland & Astoria.. ." Feb" la
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Feh" in
Mandalay.... Coquille River. ....f.. Feb 2?
City of PuebU Puget Sound Ports... Feb' 21
Newburg San Pedro "' Feh' 21
Peru China- & Japan " Feb" 22
Steamer,
Destination.
Sails.! Pier.
— — I 1
Czarina....
Brunswick.
<i. Llndaner
Lakne. . . ..
Eureka. . . . .
Sequoia ....
Argo y.
Santa Ami.
Phoenix....
Chehalia...
S. Monica..
Pt. Arena..
Coos Bay...
Doric......
Alameda. . .
Queen
Arcata
Empire....
Pomona. . . .
Spokane....
North Korlc.
February 13. v
Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 8
Humboldt Bay 10 am Pier 28
Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 24
Astoriaf & Portland. » am Pier 2
Humboldt 8 am PJer 13
February 14.
Grays Harbor S pm Pier 2
Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
February IB. |
Mendoclno City .... 3 pint Pier 13
Grays Harbor 12 m|Pier —
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Point Arena ...... 2 pnijPier i
San Pedro & Way. 0 am|PUr U
China Si Japan 1 pm PMSS
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier y
February 10. |
Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd|12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
S. Diego & "Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt - - » am Pier a
February 17.
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
February 18.
Wlllapa Harbor . . 5 pm Pier '2
Valparaiso & "Way. 12 m Pier lw
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 am Pier 2
February 1O.
Can Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Tahiti direct (about) 2 pm Pier »
Honolulu & Kahului Pier —
Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
February SO.
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
February SI.
Grays Harbor. ..... 5 pm Pier 2
G. Elder...
Rival
Guatemala.
Acapulco...
J. Klmball.
State Cal..
Bonlta
Australia..
Hyades....
Rainier. . . .
IJmatilla...
Newburg. • •
dteainer.
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Farallon . V. Skagway & Way Ports. |Feb. 14
E. Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way PtsJFeb. 15
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 16
Dirlgo Skagway & "Way Ports. |Feb. 20
Sun rises 7:02
Sun Eets 5:46
Moon sets 11:34 p. m.
D Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. r— Ft.
• III W L W , H W L. W
vT 2:43 ~5A 9:06 ~1A 3:25 ~Tl 9^00 Tl
It 3:20 6.110:17 1.2 4:51 3.S 9:63 2.5
15 4:20 5.2 11:31 0.9 6:23 3.7 10:59 2.8
16 6:21 5.2 12:40 0.4 7:4» 3.9
L. \V I H W L. W ¦ H W
17 0:11 2.9 6:29 6.3 1:44 0.1 8:53 4 2
18 1:22 2.9 7:38 5.4 2:40!— 0.2 9:44 4.3
10 2:24 2.9 8:41 5.6 3:29—0.4 10:28 4.8
20 3:20F 2.7 9:3S 5.7 4:14—0-4 11:10 6.1
Steamer,
Destination.
Sails.! Pier.
— — I 1
Czarina....
Brunswick.
<i. Llndaner
Lakne. . . ..
Eureka. . . . .
Sequoia ....
Argo y.
Santa Ami.
Phoenix....
Chehalia...
S. Monica..
Pt. Arena..
Coos Bay...
Doric......
Alameda. . .
Queen
Arcata
Empire....
Pomona. . . .
Spokane....
North Korlc.
February 13. v
Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 8
Humboldt Bay 10 am Pier 28
Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 24
Astoriaf & Portland. » am Pier 2
Humboldt 8 am PJer 13
February 14.
Grays Harbor S pm Pier 2
Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
February IB. |
Mendoclno City .... 3 pint Pier 13
Grays Harbor 12 m|Pier —
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Point Arena ...... 2 pnijPier i
San Pedro & Way. 0 am|PUr U
China Si Japan 1 pm PMSS
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier y
February 10. |
Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd|12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
S. Diego & "Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt - - » am Pier a
February 17.
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
February 18.
Wlllapa Harbor . . 5 pm Pier '2
Valparaiso & "Way. 12 m Pier lw
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 am Pier 2
February 1O.
Can Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Tahiti direct (about) 2 pm Pier »
Honolulu & Kahului Pier —
Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
February SO.
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
February SI.
Grays Harbor. ..... 5 pm Pier 2
G. Elder...
Rival
Guatemala.
Acapulco...
J. Klmball.
State Cal..
Bonlta
Australia..
Hyades....
Rainier. . . .
IJmatilla...
Newburg. • •
dteainer.
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Farallon . V. Skagway & Way Ports. |Feb. 14
E. Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way PtsJFeb. 15
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 16
Dirlgo Skagway & "Way Ports. |Feb. 20
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Crescent City Crescent City |Feb. 13
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. Feb. 13
Pt A'ena.... Point Arena Feb. 13
Norm Fork.. Humboldt Feb. - 13
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 15
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. 1.1
Empire Coos Bay.... Feb 14
Wasluenaw.. Tacoma ..' Feb. 14
Arcata.. ..... Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. 14
Mackinaw... Tacoma Feb. 14
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 14
Zealandla Tahiti Feb' 14
O. W. Elder.. Portland *: Astoria Feb 14
Rival WHlapa Harbor |Feb 15
Nippon Maru China & Japan Feb 15
Luxor Hamburg & West Coast Feb. 15
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb 15
Chehalls..... San Pedro..... |Fe-h i*
Victoria Oyster Harbor Feb 18
Pleiades Seattle Feb IB
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports Feb lrt
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Feb." 10
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Feb its
Eureka Humboldt F e b" lfi
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb" 17
ban Juan.... Panama & Way Ports Feb" i«
Columbia Portland & Astoria.. ." Feb" la
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Feh" in
Mandalay.... Coquille River. ....f.. Feb 2?
City of PuebU Puget Sound Ports... Feb' 21
Newburg San Pedro "' Feh' 21
Peru China- & Japan " Feb" 22
AMXTSEMEKTS.
Theater Thoroughly Heated "With Steam.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
The Latest New York Dramatic Success,
A Young Wife
Don't Miss This Melodramatic Treat
Full of Thrills and Sensations.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
pDIfC; EVGS— 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c and 50c.
rinWES MATINEES 10c, 15<i, 25c
NEXT MONDAY— "AN AFRICAN KING."
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
SPECIALlO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
And a FAT LADIES' BOffUNfl MATCH.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
SONG RECITALS
MONDAY and WEDNESDAY EVENINGS.
February 17 and 10. '
Saturday Afternoon (Washington's Birthday),
, February 22.
SINGLE SEAT SALE NOW OPEN AT
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
Prices, $1,.$2..$3.'
Coming — Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
, HOFmANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST.
NEXT SAT. AFTERNOON. Feb. 15,
At METROPOLITAN HALL, at S O'clock.
CPiiC NOW SELLING" AT Sherman &
jLAiJ Clay's. $2 to "50 cents.
CO/VWVfi f FRESH FROM
WU1*HI\U • • EUROPEAN
_ . ' . TRIUMPHS.
Fmma i\lA\7il/i?l assisted by
cmind iXCYttUd artists of
•••• •*••***•••••• •••• ••••
* -' ' '^^ • *
.} Two Sides *
Jj- Aside from the cheer and T
;J comfort It gives to life '... J
i n "i[ j-t © ii %
| Whiskey i
¦K ¦¦•¦ - : : ¦' '": ¦ . •¦ '.' ¦' ¦ ' ' ', • 3"
¦ c . is friendship's pledge in - J
X \h* happy hours. • " ?
* The Charm of Hospitality j
.k - and the ' v J
| " Tonic of Health. £
* CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION. CO., J
"K -Inc., 223-225 California at.; San J
¦fc . ... Francisco,. Cal. - -Jr
-K« Telephone Main 873, • 3f
**** •••••••••••*• •••• ••••
AMUSEMENTS.
L&st S Nights— Matinee Saturday.
VIOLA ALLEN
And Company, Presenting
"In the Palacejf the King. 11
NEXT ATTRACTION.
BEGINNING MONDAY. FEBRUARY 17.
WM. A. BRADY'S*
Big production of the succeasf ul Bucolic Drama,
"WAY DOWN EAST."
SEATS NOW SELLING. "
NEXT SUNDAY NIGJIT. Feb. 16.
FAREWELL RECITAL.
JOSEF HOFMANN.
SPECIAL PRICES— fl 50 to 60c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND .SUNDAY.
FAREWELL NIGHTS OF :
EDVA/IIN ARDEN
In His Most Successful Drama,
"RAGLAN'S WAY"
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
-NEXT WEEK
George Ober In "A TEMPERANCE TOWN.'
. . .. .
SPECIAL: FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 3:15.
SECOND SYMPHONY CONCERT.
(Second Series.)
PAUL STEINDORFF. Director.
Seats— $1 50, $1. 75c and 50c, at Sherman
Clay & Cc'e.
1 — — — — 1
THIS WEEK— SATURDAY MATINEE.
T'Jiliam Greei Presents the Powerful Young j
Heroic Actor.
CHARLES DALTON j
In WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama.
THE SIGN OF THE GROSS.
A MAGNIFICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
Note. — Seats for the sec-
ond and last week o; Thej
Sign of the Cross now
ready.
vaudevilleTambrosia!
Hary Norman; Dempsey and Mack ,
Company; 3 Marvelous Merrills: j
¦Wincherman's Bears, and The Bio-
Last times of Hose and
Jeannette; Adelina Boattino; '
Eeichen's Hand-Balancing Dogs; j
Victor Jerome; Lottie Fremont, J
and Harry "W. "Welch.
Reserved Seats, 25c; HaJcbny, 10c; Bo.c
Eeats and Opera Chairs, 50c
*TI V0L8*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THE REIGNING FAVORITE IS
THE
THE KING OF FUN-MAKERS.
Next Opera— "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
Belasco & Tball Managers
T0=NIG2T— ALL THIS WEEK.
Henry Arthur Jones* Brilliant Play,
THEROGUE'S COMEDY]
Special Production— Costly Costumes.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY!
Beats en Sale Six Days tn Advance.
PRICES ; 15c. 25c 35c. 50c and 75c
Next— "THE ORIENTAL EXPRESS,"
THE
FairylandJCarnival.
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
OPEN FROM 1 TO 11 P. M.
SPECIAL FEATURES TO-OAY:
Baby chow In carriage?; parade; babies and
mother* admitted tree. "Eagrlce," Aeries Nob.
6 and 61, and S. F. Commercial Travelers*
Association. Evening — Prof. Both^ell Browne's
grace culture class — 36 youns ladles.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THE ELECTRIC BALLET — 150 CHILDREN.
General admission, 25c; Children, lOc
RACING
fcSS^sii^slUg^ L' very VVeek Day -
tiSr Rain or Shins.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. tbarp.
Kerry-beat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12;!W. 1, I:o0, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
vith 'trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking, iiar your
lerry tickets to Sbell Mound. All trains vl«
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
la&d. Also all trains via Alameda molt con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fonr-"
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. Tbese electrio
cars £o direct to the track in 0«e«n minute*.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:18
and 4:*5 p. m. and Immediately alter the la*c
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS Jit. Preiident
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
PALACE and I
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent -
betels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of tha
«aty— depots, ferries and. parks—
pats the entrance.
Arneri*an and European plans.
Weejdy Cal] t $1.00 per Year
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
VASELINE NO GOOD FOB HAIR
Dandruff Germ Thrives in It; as Weil
as in All Grease;
A well-known Chicago hair specialist in-
vited the Inter Ocean reporter to come to
his office and see, under a microscope,
how the germ that causes dandruff
thrives in vaseline. The specialist said
that all hair preparations containing
grease simply furnish food for the germs
and help to propagate them. The only-
way to cure dandruff !s to destroy the
germs, and the only hair preparation that
will do that is Newbro's Herplcide. "De-
stroy the cause, you remove the effect."
"Without dandruff no falling hair, no bald-
ness. Ask for Herplcide. It 13 the only
destroyer of the dandruff germ.
ADVEBTISEME1TTS. _____
oerrm*HT km v> tm« fuccim * OAMtii co. cincinut> .
AS TO CLOTHING/
fefe^-l HERE * S an cpitap k m a Vermont church-
&r|fe| yard: "I expected this but not so soon/'
||yyg Such is the epitaph on clothing worn out
l:ft:5w'5ft:| in the wash-tub. Underclothing may be
/fragile, yet it ought not to wear out in ten weeks.
But this isn't wear; it is decay. You buy 5 cents
worth of cheap soap and you lose the equivalent of
50 cents in the wash-tub. Ivory Soap will not harm
the most delicate fabric Is' it wise not to use it?
IVORY SOAP IS 99«£& PER CENT. PURE.
'ADVERTISEMENTS.
A New Discovery Wnicli Cupss
. All Forms of Catarrh.
The tablet is th« Ideal form In which to ad-
minister medicine, but until recently no suc-
cessful catarrh tablet had ever been attempted.
There is now.l however, an excellent and pala-
table remedy for catarrh In tablet form, known
es Stuart's Cfttarrh Tablets and sold by drug-
gists, composed of the most recent discoveries
In medicine for cure of catarrh, and results
from their use have been highly gratifying:.
The old time treatment of catarrh was In
the form of inhalers, washes, douches, sprays,
etc. Later", on internal remedies were used
with greater cuccess. but being in liquid or
powder form were inconvenient to use and like
all medicines. In liquid or powder form lose
their medicinal properties when opened or "ex-
posed to the air. \
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain highly con-
centrated antiseptics, Red Gum, Blood Root,
etc., which kill the catarrh germs in the blood
and mucous membrane, and in this respect are
strictly scientific and modern, because all au-
thorities are now agreed that catarrh Is a con-
stitutional blood disease, and local applications
can have only* a transitory effect. -
The use of inhalers,' douches and sprays Is a
nuisance and inconvenience and can in no wise
compare favorably with the same antislptlcs
given in tablet form Internally, where they can
reach, the stomach and blood and kill catarrh
germs right where they are produced.
A prominent lawyer and public speaker of
Pittsburg says: "I have been • troubled with
catarrh of the head and I throat for twelve
years.' In this climate It seems impossible to
get rid of it. The continual dropping of mucus
from the nose into the throat caused irritation
and hoarseness, " seriously Interfering with my
public speaking. It took me an hour or more
of coughing, gagging, expectorating and sneez-
ing everv^morning before I could settle down
to workr and this condition gradually brought
on catarrh of stomach, causing loss of - appe-
tite, poor digestion « and , a foul • breath; which
annoyed me: exceedingly.'. My i- physician ad-
vised me to try ; Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and
I took them, for- two months and was aston-
ished - to find how j quickly they cleared : my
head, throatl and stomach, and I have no hesi-
tation in recommending them. They are not
only pl«asant to take.. but they, seem to get at
the very root of -.' the trouble,', because since
using them I have had no trace of catarrh.'.' .
Druggists cell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at 60
cents for full sized package. * .
They'can'be carried In the pocket and used
any time and as often as. desired, since, they
contain " no cocaine, mercury or any other in-
jurious .'drug.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gured After 1 Years
of Pile Torture.
¦James Kenton, . Memphis. Tenn.. says: "I
suffered the tortures of itching piles for years,
and not even ointment would relievo
me. One 50 cent box of Pyramid Pile Cure
cured me entirely." All druggists sell It.
Book. "Piles, Causes and Cure." mailed free.
Pyramid Drug- Co., Marshall, Mich. JExchange and Bullion.
NOTE. — As yeeterday— Lincoln's Birthday—
wua holiday In New York and Chicago there
were ' no quotations for grain, provisions.
LOCAL MARKETS.
,i \ PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board — ' •., ¦' . „ , • ... ¦'.,:¦•"£¦'¦'¦
500 Four 63
.775 Home 3 95
I 500 Junction '.'..... "17
1000 Lion.; r.V.V .' ''. 08
900 Reed Crude ...................... 36
, 600 Reed Crude ...:. 37.
80 Reed Crude ....................;. 35
100 Sterling ;...:... V.."."....!!..!. 1 10
. « ' ' • Afternoon Session. .".
¦ . Board — . .- ¦, ¦-. . ; ; .-•-:.;"'.
50 Caribou' ........................... 70
¦ 100 Home . . ." .....; 3 95 ¦
. 250 Home '¦..'.'..'.....¦..•• ...;.•. 3 90
500. Home, b 10 ... ,\ ..!....;..... 3 95
' 50 Home, b 30. ......•..;...¦;;.¦;.. 3 95
1000 Junction ........ .. . 15
"500 Oil City Petroleum..... "...'...•..... 20
100 Sovereign , 20
Hides, Tallow, Wool 'and, Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^t! under 1 quotations. - Heavy salted
Steers, lie; . medium, '10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 8%c for light-
Stags, 7c: Salted Kin. 9c; Salted Veal, UlAc-
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls I4c :
Dry Kip, 14c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c
each; short Wool, 40@60c each; medium. 65®
75c;. long Wool, 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides
salt. $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium'
$1 75®2 for email and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry. $1 75 for large. $1 23@1 50 for medium!
$1 23 •¦ for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins,' 35c! ; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or * thin skins, HOc.
GoatPkins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
. TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 6%@6c per lb-
No/ 2. -4%Q5c; grease, 2^@3c; •.
WOOL— Fall, San Joaquin, G@8c; San Tui- :
quin- Lambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle. County, 8@10o
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 16@15%c; , do
tail. 14®15c Der lb. -;
HOPS — 10@llc for fair and Il%@l2o per'lb
Consols for money Louis & Nash. 10854
¦t »4 "-16 Mo Kan & Tex ! 24%
do for acct..94 13-16 do pfd 64
Anaconda 6% N T Central".".' 169 14
Atch son ........ 80% Nor & Western.. 50%
Atchison pfd 101 do prd 95
Bait & Ohio...... 107 % Ontario **West! 35U
Canadian Pac 118% Southern Ry. .. 34%
Ches. & Ohio.... 48V* do pfd .. 97(4
Chi G W........ 23% Southern Pac... 68'A
Chi Mil & St P. 179-4 Union Pacific . 106*4
Denver & Rio G. 45% do pfd . . 93
do pfd mv, U. S. Bteel ..'.'.'. 45%
Erie 41% do pfd 97U
do 1st pfd 72 Wabanh 24
do 2d pfd 58 do pfd .... 45
111 Central 146 Spanish 4s ...77%
Bar silver, steady. 25%d per ounce. Money,
2W<r2% per cent. '
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% per, cent.
London stock Ma-ket.
Condition of the
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows:'Avail
able cash balance, $175,419,393; gold, $87,477,-
There was no Chicago market. This market
continued dull and weak.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon,, 11 %c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium," 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14% @15c for sugar
cured ;> Eastern eugar-cured Hams, 12^12Uc-
California Hams. ll@12c; Mess Beef, $9 50®
.10 per barrel; extra Mess, $lu 50@ll; . Family
>fll 50@12; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear'
$22 50g23; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Bcf'
13%@14o per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels
pure, HUc; 10-lb tins,ll%c; 5-lb tins. llTCc
3-lb tins, 12c. '
COTTOLENE-«-One half-barrel, lOUc; thres
half -barrels, 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces"
•J94c; five tierces, 0%c per lb. ,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 8@8%c; sundrledt 4@4^c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4VS@8%c; Plums, pit
ted, 4@5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 6@
6%c for red and 5%@6%c : for white; Figs, 3c
for 'black and 60@75c per box for 'white. -
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6@6i£c; 40-50's, 4%@5%c; 60-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70' s. 3%@4%c; 70@80*s, 3%@3%c; 80
eO's, 2%®3iic; 00-100-s. 2%@2%o per lb. - '
RAISINS— -Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6 Vic for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 6%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and "©¦
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 76; London Layers, $1 25
©1 35.
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No.' 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%e; No. 1 hardshell,
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for-paper
shell, 9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@ 7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 60@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 10©
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 5<|>
6c : light amber extracted, 4©5c ; dark. 4c.
BEESWAXr-27%@29c per lb.
The Trade Outlook.
A ::KW YORK BANKER THINKS THAT
THE HIGH-WATER MARK HAS
BEEN REACHED.
The New Tcrk circular of Henry Clews cays:
"Aincng those who hold the buik of the
floating supply of stocks, the opinion is de
< iCedly bullish, and in such quarters very
j-oeitive predictions of higher prices are cur
jent. In other circles, however, a decidedly
conservative tone exists. "With many the old
arcujnent that prices are already as high as
conJliicns Juttify is still a potent one. It is
worthy of note t'.iat bank clearings and rail
road earnings;, though very satisfactory, are
shoving steadily falling increases. The iron
trrid* is Just bow the only business exhibiting
any phenomenal activity; -and the demand lor
lien beias special and abnormal that industry
cannst at tn:s tir.io be deemed a fair trade
barometer. The grain movement at interior
points is ruiming nearly 50 per cent below
la::t year, ar.d <-ctton receipts have begun to
decrease also, t-hrrt crops of corn a.nd cotton
«i'-e at last beginning to show their effect, not
c:ily upen ra:!rcad traffic, but also upon the
t reign exchange market; the consequent scarc
ity of commercial bills being the chief incen
t ve for shipp'.rs over $4,000,000 gold this week.
. much mors careful feeling is noticed in mer
* .mtile circles, v.here high prices on mer
« iiandise are beginning to show their effect in
1 sscned sale: and diminished consumption.
3 is no Occasion to believe that the end
c'. good ti«nos is at hand; but here and there
* <;n;8 of having touched high-water mark are
Su'.iltipiytat, and it is beginning clear that ac
t vlty can t.n;y b2 continued by. bringing prices
<jjwn to a more reasonable Ie\*d.. We are now
f.yproaching the dull trade season, and during
tlie next 6ix months much will depend upon
t.ie crop outlcck. I'armers are prosperous as
» class; they htve epent freely, and the same
1? t-ue in the mir.eral 'industries, which are
yearly becoming more imj>crtant factors in our
E liir.s.! prosperity.
"The general situation, however, is satlsfac
tOT. 'If the country eeeais disposed to take
a period for rest and reflection after its recent
activities, that may be regarded with satis
faction. " General conditions are sound: credit
it not overstrained, and there ie va^tiy more
prudence in regard to new end untried enter-
Tf ites - than vras the case a year ago. Som*
rrther severe lessens have been learned with
advantage during thp.t interval. As a result
th« present undertone of the stock market
If distinctly stronger. : and there is more con
f5 ience in th« future. Easy money )s a pow
erful aid to manipulation, and moderate rates
s«»e!n Jik*-ly until pr<?paiatlons for April, set
tletner.ts pro in order. Further shipments of
gold nay b« expected and the reduction in thy
Bank of England rate suggest* that London
If confident of shifting any European demand
fcr cold upr-n New York. The foreign situation
er-ows distinct improvement. I^ondon boing
ir.nro hopeful In censr-qaence of progress in
F<uth Africa and Berlin showing a partial
revival resulting t>r:m the safe passing of a
wloiip ln<iuf-t»-!ri orifls. A favorable feature
In home aTairs is the prospective abolition of
tb9 internal revemie war taxes, which caufpd
ccr.pe*tion of funds In the treasury, were be
coming a eeriouji menace to the money market
nnd constituted the darkest cloud overhanging
the business situation. This danger, it is hoped
u-in «oon be remevpd. Therefore all thlng3
ccrsidrred the local situation is becoming more
favorable to upward manipulation. It is n«t
altogether surprising that appearances Indi
cate that a strong concerted effort is being
mnde to lift th" matkPt out of its recent rut
C< r.sequ^ntly th<? market hereafter will offer
better op'u-tunitities for quick trading, but I
advise taking all moderate profits rather than
bo! "ling out fcr very b!g ones."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO. Feb. 12— 5 p. m.
Tfc» following ara the seasonal r*!nfaJ!» to
Eastern Livestock Market.
' CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts.
20,000. Slow, lower except for fancy beeves.
Good to prime steers, $6 10@7 25; poor to me
dium, $4@6: stockers and feeders, $2 5004 70;
cows, $1 25@3 25; heifers, $2 35@5 25; canners,
$125@2 25; bulls, $2 85@4 DO; calves, $2@7 60;
Texas fed steers, $4 25@5 75.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 52,000; to-morrow,
43.O00 estimated: left over. 12.000. Heavy,
steady: light, weak. Good to choice heavy,
$6 30<&6 47»*;. rough heavy. $6@6 25; light,
$5 80@5 d0; bulk of sales, $5 90©8 25.
SHEEP — Receipts. 16,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $4 75@5 25;
fair to choice mixed. $3S0@4-60; Western
sheep and yearlingrs. $4 25S5 85: native lambs.
$3 75@t> C5; Western lambs, $5 25@6 65.
ST. 'JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Feb. 12.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1700; market 15c lower. Natives, $4@
6 75: veals, $3 75@6 75; Etockers and feeders,
£2 25<?4 75. . . v
HOGS — Receipts, 8500: market steady. Light
and light mixed, $5 65@<5 25 : medium . and
heavy. $6 15@6 45; pigs, $3 40@4 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 400; market 15c higher.
Western lambs, $5 65@6 50; Western sheep,
$4 15@5 90.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Feb. 12.— Clearings. $513,308;
balances, $53,779.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. ' :.*¦
PORTLAND. Feb. 12. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 65c; Blue Stem, 66c; Valley, 64@65c.
' : ¦ WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA. Feb. 12. — WHEAT — Quiet and un
changed; Blue Stem, €5c;Club, 64c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 1% 6 1%
Closing 6 1%' ' 6 lft
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 21 45 - 22 55
Closing 21 40 22 50
Flour — '¦¦ '. . .
Opening 26 80 28 15
Closing I...... 26 80 28 15
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Feb. ; 12—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
¦ Bid. Ask. | ¦ f Bid. Ask.
4s qr reg 112 112%'4s qr c (new) 138% 139 &
4s qr coup.. 112 112};, 'Ss qr coup. .108^4103
-MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — — Oceanic 5s.. — 102
Bay CPC 5S.109 103 # Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5s... .116^ — Pac G 1m 4s. 05 .97W
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk& C H 6s.lO5i£ —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk& O R 6s.ll7 120
Fer&C H Cs.120 — Pwl-st R 6S.IIO14 —
Geary-st 5s., — — Sac EGR 5s. 95 97}i
H C&S 5^s. — — ' SF & SJV5s.l22%12a'/4
Do 5s .... — — Sierra CalCs,105 —
L Ang R 5s:i2Ui — S P of Ar 6s
L A Light Gs — — . (1009) .....11254 —
Do gtd 0s. — — (1910) 114%
Do gtd 5s.X03%104% S P of Cal 6s
LA & P Bs.101% — a«05)Sr A.109 —
Do lem 58.101 103 (1905)Sr B.10»tt —
Mkt-st C 6s. 125}$ — (1906) ....112^112^
Do lem 5s. 122 — (1912) ....J219il22
NCR 6s.. 111^4 — SP of Cal 1st
Do 6s 123 — * c gtnd 6s. 120 —
N Pac C 5s. 109 — Do stmpd.,110% —
N Cal R 5s. 112>£ — S P BrCal6s.l39 —
Oak Gas 5s. 114 — S V Wat 6s. 114 —
Oak Trn 6s. 122 ".J-- Do 4a ....102% —
Do 1st c 6sllO#112 Do 4a 3dml01% —
Oak W G 5s. — 103^. Stkn Gas 6s.lO2& —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 75 Port Costa.. &3*£ 66
Marin Co ... 59 — . Spring Val . .87 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC. «
Cent L & P. -2% — Pac Light... 42ft —
Eqt G L Co. 3 3V, Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — 4V4 S F G & E...45% «
O G L & H. 52 San Fran.... 6% 6
Pac G Imp. 38% 39% Stktn G & E 8 — '.'.
INSURANCE:
Flrem'B Fnd. — 275 I ' , .
: , BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..80 — .LP&A....165 169
California . .420 — j Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.115 — S F Nationl.137% —
First Natnl.. 325 350 I
1 SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....1950 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual - Sav. 65 80 Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U..512% — -
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — I Market 1 88% 90
Geary, — 60 |Presldio .... 35 45
* . POWDER.
Giant ...... 78% — (Vlgorit — 4%
. ¦>'¦-..- .• . SUGAR. .' '
Hana 8 5 1 Kllauea 9% 10
Hawaiian ..38 — . Makawell- .. 26% 27%
•Honokaa ... 12 12%'Onomea .... 23 24%
Hutchinson . u U% Paauhau ... 12 12%
• ' •¦ . MISCELLANEOUS.. ',
Alaska Pack.164%165 PaoA FA. — ' 3%
Cal Fruit As. 97% 99% P»c C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As 99 100% Par Paint... 16 —
Oceanic S Co 36% 40 v . :.
Morning Session.
, Board — . ' . ;
20 Giant Powder Con 78 50
25 Makawell ....................... 27 00
10 Paauhau S P Co.... 12 00
50 Pacific Gas Improvement • 37 50
100 8 F Gas & Electric Co......:... 44 76
450 S F Gas & Electric Co......' 45 00
.56 Spring Valley Water, s 16. 87 25
10 Spring Valley Water, cash ...... 87 25
5 Spring Valley Water....... 87 25
$1000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 6s... 95 50
-. -¦¦ Street— ... . - '
10 Honokaa Sugar Co . : . . .... ..;... 12 00
10 Paauhau S P Co. ............... 12 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.......... 44 00
$2000 N P C R R 5s......... 109 00
$2000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds.. ......101 00
c - \ Afternoon Session. ; •¦¦,
•i Board — • ; ; ., ;••¦;,; , . '
•40 Alaska Packers', Association. .'...1M 75
eOjCallfornia Wine Association..../ 09 00
25 Makawell ........................ 27 00
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. ......... 45 25
| 100 Spring Valley Water, 1 s 15...... 87 25
25 Spring Valley Water .....?.. 87 25
00 Spring Valley Water, s 16...... 87 00
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s..... ..109 00
: Street — . , ; -';¦•.¦¦
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s. 109 00
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
At the Orange auction yesterday 6 cars were
offered, but 1 car of fancy fruit was withdrawn,
as the bidding- toward the end of the sale be
came rather slow, owing to the fact that the
buyers were already well supplied. Five cars
were sold at the following prices: Fancy
Navels. $2 10@2 65 i choice do. 80c@$l C5;
standard do, 50c@$l 25. A small lot of fancy
Lemons sold from ?1 60 to $2 05 per .box. In
the open market conditions remain unchanged,
with large sizes of fancy Navels held firmly,
as considerable shipping Is expected on the
Honolulu steamer, out Saturday.
A small consignment of Strawberries, con
sisting of 30 small baskets, arrived from Santa
Barbara and were offering at 30@40c per bas
ket.
The Honolulu steamer arrived with 6205
bunches Bananas and 20 cases Pineapples.
The Bananas- were mostly green and will be
stored In the cellars. Ripe Bananas are rather
scarce at present and New Orleans are quoted
higher. \
APPLES— $1 50@2 per box for extra, $1@1 60
for good to choice and 60@75c for ordinary. ,
PEARS— From cold storage, 75c@$2 60 per
box. ;
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 76c@Jl 25
Tor standards, $1 50@2 for choice and $2@2 90
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Tangerines,
$1 7">@2; Japanese Mandarins, $2 25@2 50; Med
iterranean Sweets, $1@1 60; Malta Blood
Oranges. .$1 25 per half box; Lemons, 50c@$l
for common and $1@1 50 for good to choice, and
$1 75@2 SO for fancy; Grape Fruit. $1@2;
Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas, $2(&2 50 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
The Hay Market.
The private circular of Somera & Co. says
cf Hay:
""The much needed showers of a. week ago
had the tendency to stimulate shipments of
Hoy to the Stri Francisco market with the
n-Kult that the receipts for the past six days
amount to 2800 tons or 800 tons more than for
the week preceding. 'With these comparatively
heavy shipments and with the continuous
*^h«/v.«r= during the week the market was con-
EiiZtrpiiiy weakened and prices which had ad
vanced from sl to ?2 per ton seem at the
present writing almost back to the old range,
perhajis Soc per ton higher right through.
••Although v.-<? contend that the Hay market
is not a v.eather market, for even should the
gmia crop jjro^-e a. failure we will without
doubt have a Hay crop next season, yet buy
aa are continually watching the sky, and with
? vary evidence of rain become less confident
j rr the situation. With us the future of the
in/srket for the balance of this season is purely
a rr.atter of country supply, and although the
T\-ta.Uier influences may be predominant at the
monier.t, yci the other matter is sure to pre
vail later..
"The season thus far is surely a most pe
cu'lcr one. Th« grain prospects north of us
are reported better than for several seasons at
this period, -whereas in the southern districts
thi situation is much less promising. Frosts
have done some damage to green feed in the
touth. and there Is much grain sown six weekb
ago that ¦ is not yet up. To summarize we
would say that although in many districts the
Eitiu.Upn is not very promising, yet If our or
dinary rains tone later the State should have
a bountiful croi»."
According to information given to Con
gressmen at the Postofflce Department to
day fourth class postmasters, numbering
over 70,000 and hitherto without protection
from, arbitrary removal for political or
other reasons, will not hereafter be re
moved except for cause and on charges
proved. ' ¦
Navy orders announce that Passed As
sistant Surgeon J. E. Page is ordered to
Seattle, Wash., for duty in connection
with recruiting.
Washington— Original— James Brewster.
Seattle, $6. Increase — Daniel D. Llndsley,
Conway, $12; Edward Wood, Marshall, $12.
Widows— Mary Algeo, Spokane, $8.
Postmasters appointed: Oregon— P. E.
Fletcher, Ridge, Umatilla County, vice
Ferdinand Wachter, resigned. Washing
ton — Chapen Mullen, Rena, Clallam Coun
ty, vice £\ M. Aldrich, resigned.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— John F. Cannell, Independ
ence, $6; William H. Morris, Los Angeles,
$10; William H. Wilson, Long Beach $8.
Mexican War— Zebulon M.' P. Clough,
Traver, J12; Robert Fitzgerald Williams.
Veterans' Home, Napa, $12; George S.
Bryan, Veterans' Home, Napa, $12; James
C. West, Strawberry Valley, $12; Cornelius
J. Raney, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
512. War with Spain— Harry Kern, Naval
Hospital, Mare Island, |10. Widows-
Sarah L. McKinney, San Bernardino, $8.
Oregon— Original— Jacob Naylor, Brooks,
$6. Increase— Karl Herman, Bandon, $12;
David S. Martin, Monmouth, $8. Widows-
Sarah L. Cole, Hood River, $8.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia—Nathaniel Bullock, Eureka; Eliza A.
Stone, Vallevista. Washington— William
F. Case, 1 Northport; John "W. Boston;
Hartland.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACTFIC COAS2
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 12.— The trial of
Ubaldo Palando, charged with the murder
of Amdeo Cavelli, ended to-day In a ver
dict of murder in. the second degree. The
two men were blockmakers,, employed on
the Norris ranch. They quarreled one
night in - December while drinking and
Palando : .killed his companion with a
hatchet. I : . •
Murder in Second Degree.
200 Best & Bel... 27 500 Mexican 33.
¦ COO Chollar .". ... '. 11 100 Ophir " ? 5»
100 C C & Va. .1 32^ 300 Overman ".'.'.*' 09
200 C C & Va....l 30 200 Sierra Nev " 15
SCO Hale & Nor. .29 100 Standard . . 3 00
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday: : - *-acinc
V Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher ..... OS 100 Ophlr' .... bo
100 Best & Bel... 27T300 Potosi ... 12
800 Caledonia ... 26) 100 Silver Hill * 74
100 Ophir ....... 80| . 100 Yer Jacket " 17
.- The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
' Morning Session. • ' w
100 Best & Bel... 27| 200 Silver Hill... 75 >
100 Caledonia ... 26^ «m... 76
MININO STOCKS.
CHINESE CAMP, Feb. 12 4 — For the first
time In [ twenty, years freight Is being
hauled 'to , Yosemite Valley. In winter.
Teams leave hero once a week, making
the round trip In six days. . The main
road is bare of snow, but ,the higher
peaks, are covered;: Stages will soon be
running over the Big Oak Flat road.
Roads Into Yosemito Open.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 12—4 p/ m.
. •*¦ ' Bid. Ask., . Bid Ask
Alpha 03 04 tfustice ......* 10 u
Alta 04, 06 UCentuck oi 02
Andes-.'. — 01 Lady Wash... 01
Belcher ..... 07 09 j Mexican ..... 33 34
Best & Bel... "26 27 Occidental ... 10" 11
Bullion .'.02 03 Ophlr ... 89 91
Caledonia .... 27. 28 Overman .... OS 10
Challenge ... .16 . 18 Potosi .;..... it 13
Chollar ...... 10 II Bavage ...;.. 10 11
Confidence .*. . 57-61 Scorpion ' 04
C C & Va....l 30 1 35 Beg Belcher.. <Xi 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... 15 16
Con NY..... 02 04 Sliver Hill... 75 77
Crown : Point .07 OS St Louis ..... .--,.%: 10
Eureka Con.. 13 — Standard .....3 00 3 10
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate ... \ — 07
Gould & Cur. 14 15 Union Con... 22 £3
Hale & Nor. . 28 30 Utah ..... . ; . 01 02
Julia ........ — 04 Yel Jacket... 16 .: 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Total ..; $1,337,337 13
¦ Liabilities —
Capital etock $2,891,600 00
Bills payable less receivable 830,603 16
Contingent fund 615,133 97
¦ Total '. $4,337,337 13
It is claimed that the association made
above $300,000, despite a loss of about $100,000
from the teamsters' strike. Dividends of COc
per share monthly were paid, amounting to
nearly ?200.000. The directors elected for the
year were Francis Cutting, Percy T. Morgan,
Sanford L,. Goldstein. Henry Allen, William
Fries, W. B. C, de- Fremery, M. ¦ J. Fontana,
R. I. Bentley. Fred TlUmann Jr., William
'Thomas and William Gerstle. William Fries
was chosen president, C. B. Carr secretary, R.
L Bentley general manager. •
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has -risen rapidly over the Pa
cific slope. During the past twelve hours there
has been a rise of more than .2 of an inch
over Washington and Northern Oregon.
The temperature has fallen about 10 degrees
over Nevada and 20 degrees over Northern
Utah. In California the temperatures are
nearly normal.
Xo rain has fallen in California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 13, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; fresh
westerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; fresh
southerly wind, changing to westerly. -
Nevada — Fair Thursday; continued cool
weather: light no'rtheily wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday,
cloudy at night: freeh westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. Me A DIE, Professor.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 4(5.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Eggs were again extremely
heavy, as will be seen below, and stocks
showed signs of accumulation; though they
have not yet reached that point. Dealers are
shading the quotations to sell, but there is
not much demand for shipment and the local
demand has mainly to be depended upon in
consequence. Quotations are not yet lower, but
will socn be at the present rate.
There is a very good demand for the cheaper
grades of Butter, which are now easier to sell
than the fancy creameries. Prices ate steady.
There .is no change in Cheese.
Receipts were 24,200 pounds. 6 tubs and 8
kegs of Butter. pounds of Eastern Butter,
12tt> cases of Eggs. cases of Eastern Eggs.
17,510 pounds of California Cheese. pounds
of Oregon Cheese and pounds of Eastern
BUTTER— Creamery, 28c per lb for fancy,
27@27%o for firsts and 25@26c for seconds;
dairy. 17H@25c; store Butter. 14@17c per lb.
CHEESE — New. 11 %c; old. 10@llc; Young
America. 12@13c: Eastern, 13@16c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 21c for selected large and 19®
20c for good to choice; Btore. 19c per dozen.-
* — — ¦ *
The only change on the . morning session of
the Bond Exchange was i an . advance In Gas
and Electric to $44@45. with sales of 450
shares at the latter figure. Trading was light.
There was little doing in the oil stocks.
In the afternoon California Wine sold up
to $00. „ ' .
The Monte Cristo Oil Company has con
tracted with the Standard Oil Company for the
delivery of $1,OCO,000 worth of oil, to be dis
tributed over five years. The price per barrel
Is not definitely known, but is reported to be
10c. ¦
The statement of the California Fruit Can
ners" Association for the ¦ last calendar year,
submitted at the annual meeting on the 11th.
is as follows: -
Assets —
Real estate, plant, etc. $2,372,185 27
Inventory 1,963.548 «5
Cash 1,002 91
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of local Poultry were moderate
and young and • choice old stock were in^ de
mand. Old Hens and Roosters were not
wanted. Two cars of Eastern were put on
the market, making five thus far this w e ek.
Receipts of Game were sixty sacks, ana
Geese and Snipe were weaker, a3 the demand
was slack and these kinds were plentiful.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. lli@18c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and H@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; goslings,
*2©2 25; Ducks, $5&5 50 for old and $o@< for
young; Hens. $4 50@5; young Roosters. $^3;
6; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers. $4 60@o 5J.
Broilers, $4 30® 5 for large and $3@4 for small,
Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and ?^ 5O&- to
for Squabs. . „„ , ' ,
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; G^ <£***;;
$3; White Geese. 75c@$l; Brant, $1 50@2 per
dozen: Honkers, $3@4 50; English Snipe, *J;
Jack Snipe. $1 50®2; Robins. $1 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail reports from New York say
"Coast confirmation of the sale by the Cured
Fruit Apociation of the balance of its holdings
of oid prunes, coupled with reports from re
liable quarters that stocks in first hands of
l>oth old and new fruit are in strong control
stimulated a little steadier feeling in the article
here, fclpot slocks are, however, believed to
be ample. ar.£ no material advance in values is
reported. There is n. somewhat better inquiry
noted from interior points, and on strictly new
tznu Clara stock little shading; is possible
from present values with 0 s ic basis quoted by
most holders on 4O-50s in 25-lb boxes. Some
poorer grades are offered lower and old fruit
Is available, according to holder, from hie tj
%e less. Offerings of old Santa Claras from
th«: coast are availabls at ilc. four-size baais..
find eld VJsalias on the 2%c four-size basts;
this price, it is stated, holding on the 200
carload purchase reported yesterday. In cur
rants the feeling remains steady, but no im
portant buying interest is noted. Holders
quote from 5'^c to 5^»c on fine Amalias un
oleaned in barrels, and pne or two inquiries
under the ideas of holders here. In raisins
the interest is quiet, but the feeling continues
fairly firm, with SV*c to S&c quoted on cartons,
choice and fancy seeded. Two-crown loose is
steady, but on three-crown loose the market
is firm at Ctic. Xo "buying from the coafct
on the new f. o. b. basis is reported. In
aprirots and peaches there is more Inquiry
noted. Seme business in extra fancy Muir
and Crawford peaches is possible at 10>4c
?pot. The feeling throughout the list is show
ing firmnoKS. In dates no Important business
is reported. Persians are steady and Fards
Ehcw easiness. In fie? there Is noted a fair
buying interest for both layers and bags. We
note the arrival ex Toronto, from Hull, of
C<22 bags. In nuts the demand is quiet and
th*» feeling bhows some easiness in fruit in
f-hell. Shelled almor.ds continue in fair re
quest and we note firmness in both Valencia
and Jordan ehelled."
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY,. FEBRUARY 12.
Flour, qr sks... 12.896 Bran, sks.L 460
"Wheat, ctls . 8.470 Middlings, sks.. 180
Barley, ctls 1,025 Wool, sks. 132
Oats, ctls...... 570 Shorts, sks 50
Rye, ctls 065 Onions, sks 370
Corn, ctls .. 1,160 Lime, bbls 182
Beans, sks 710|Wine. gals 62,600
Potatoes, sks... l.lftC Leather, rolls... 56
Hay. tons...... 320 Hides, No 48
Sugar, ctls 800|
San .Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
54: minimum, 46; mean. 50.
The followin maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 2S-.16; Washington 32-24
Cincinnati 26-20]Omaha 34-18
Philadelphia 26-20 Duluth 26-10
Xew York '. .24-20 Chicago 20-10
Kansas City XS-22 St. Louis 34-22
Jacksonville 52-36 Salt Lake City. ..62-50
Clcaring-House Officers.
The San\ Francisco Clearing-House Associa
tion at its annual meeting on the 11th re
elect -»d the eld officers as follows: Thomas
Brown, president: H. Wadsworth. vice presi
dent; Frederick W. Zell». secretary: clearing
house committee — Thomas Brown, chairman;
S G. Murphy. W. H. Crocker. Ign. Steinhart,
H. M. J. McMlchacI. Feoretary; Charles Sleep
er, manager; J. T. Burke, assistant manager.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ..... 31.77
Red Bluff 02 lfi.04 18.40
Sacramento 00 8.65 13.76
San Francisco 02 0.0!) 14.53
Fresno 02 2.78 \ $».31
Independence 00 1.39 5.47
San Luis Obispo 14 6.38 26. &J
Los Angeles 00 4.21 13.59
San Diego 00 i.46 8.55
But Few Quotations.
As yesterday — Lincoln's birthday — was a
legal holiday in Chicago and New York, there
ere no quotations of any consequence from
either city to-day.
date, as compared with those of came date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— The memorial
of the Federal party of the Philippine
Islands : was transmitted to the Senate
this afternoon by the Secretary of War,
together with a letter of transmittal by
Governor Taft, in whose charge the docu
ment was sriven.
,The memorial was adopted at an ex
traordinary session of the Federal party
held in Manila in November. -It sets
forth that, the performance of that obli
gation of the treaty of Paris which gave
the United States Congress authority to
fix the status of the Philippine Islands
has been deferred to this time because
of the attack by the Filipinos upon ' the
sovereignty of the United States, an act
brought ; about, the memorial . says,
through a misunderstanding- and not
through hatred of the American sov
ereignty.
It further states that out of the sixty
provinces and districts war exists in only
two — Batangas ¦ and Samar. • It also as
serts tfiat u 13 a demonstrated fact that
tne pueblos or towns anxiously desire "a
definitive civil rule,'' and says those who
are still in arms allege the lack of a civil
regime "agreed upon and promulgated by
the Congress of the United btai.es as a
weighty pretext for their belligerent atti
tude, which*- regime shall determine at
once the political status and civil rights
of the inhabitants of the archipelago in
accordance with the treaty of Paris."
¦ The memorial then makes a. presenta
tion of the deduction of the Federal party
that Congress should proceed to carry
into effect its determination of defining
the future of the Philippines in their re
lations to the United -States, and asserts
that there is no reason for not replacing
the military regime "by a civil rule of a
popular character, in conformity with the
decisive words of the never-to-be-forgot
ten President McKinley." . > . '•
The memorial is divided into two parts.
The first of these is a petition for annex
ation and. a presentation of the < orm of
government desired. In this sub-division
the Federal party sets forth that it has
made an exhaustive study, of both the
Filipinos and the Americans and con
cludes that from the mass of data col
lected it is "the intention of the two peo
ples that they should never be disunited."
The memorial announces as principles
for this union the formation of a "more
perfect union, establishment of justice,
the. Insurance of domestic tranquillity,
promotion of the general welfare and the
securing of the blessings of liberty." The
memorial then proceeds: ,,,
To make of the Philippines a colony of the
United States or to grant independence - to the
Philippines would be to hand 'the islands over
to disorder and to anarchy, to destruction and
to chaos. In effect the colonial system involves
the principles of difference of • citizenship, in
equality of rights and other consequent abuses
and injustices, of all of which we Filipinos
were surfeited under the Spanish Government,
and for this reason we reject everything which
tends toward a colony. Philippine independence
with or without a protectorate means a holding
of power by all the tribal elements of the sects
which predominate and would predominate still
for some years, until the anger of Filipinos to
ward Filipinos _shall have been completely
calmed, education become general and the fa
naticism we have inherited from Spain exiled.
Federation or annexation would settle all these
difficulties f by concentration of the interest, of
the Filipino people upon education and labor.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— The House
to-day passed . the oleomargarine bill.
There was no division on the final pas
sage, the real test of strength having
been made on a motion to recommit,
which wag defeated by a majority of Si.
The provision to require the inspection
and branding of renovated butter, which
was adopted In committee of the whole
yesterday, was retained to-day on an aye
and no vote.
As finally passed the bill is somewhat
modified from the form in which it was
reported from thei Committee on Agricul
ture. It makes oleomargarine or imita
tion butter or cheese transported- into
any State or Territory for use, sale or
consumption therein subject to the laws
of such States or Territories, notwith
standing that it may be introduced In
original packages, and Imposes a tax. of
10 cents per pound on oleomargarine made
in imitation of "butter of any. shade of
yellow." When not made in such imita
tion the tax is reduced to one-fourth of
one cent per pound.
The second section is intended to pre
vent dealers, hotel proprietors, restau
rant and boarding-house keepers from
coloring the uncolored article by making
any person who colors the J .'oduct and
then sells or furnishes to others a manu
facturer within the meaning of the act.
Penalties for violations of the act are a
line of not less than 550 nor more than
$500 and imprisonment for not less than
thirty days nor more than six months.
The new section relating to the Inspec
tion and branding of renovated butter is
as follows:
That the Secretary, of Agriculture Is hereby
authorized and required to cause a rigid sani
tary Inspection to be made from time to time
and at such tfmes as he may deem necessary
of all factories and storehouses where butter
if renovated; and all butter renovated at such
places shall be carefully inspected in the
same manner and to the same extent and pur
pose that meat products are now Inspected.
The quantity and quality of butter renovated
shall be reported monthly. All renovated but
ter shall be designated as such by. marks,
brands and labels and the words *'reno\-ated
butter" shall be printed on all packages there
of. In such manner as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of Agriculture and shall be sold
only as renovated butter. No renovated butter
shall be shipped or transported from one State
to another or to foreign countries unless in
spected as provided in this section.
War claims occupied attention after the
passage of the oleomargarine bill, and
the day was made notable by the passage
of the first bill for the payment of claims
of . United States citizens arising out of
the Spanish war. It carried something
over $55,000 for the pa>«nent of 202 claims
for property taken within the United
States for the use of the army. An om
nibus bill carrying: claims aggregating
$2,114,552 for stores and supplies - taken
from, loyal citizens during the Civil War
also was passed.
These claims were allowed under the
provisions -of .the Bowman act, and the
bill was identical with one passed by the
House at the last session. Two other
bills, which have been before Congress
for twenty-eight years to refer certain
claims for additional compensation by the
builders of certain monitors during the
Civil War to the Court of Claims, were
passed.
First Measure for Payment of
War Claims Obtains
Favor.
Objections to Independence
or a Colony Are Set
; Forth.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Orain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make. V 2 c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32635c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c. *
COAL 1 — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, §D; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 60;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative
Wallser.d, $8 50; Cumberland, 512 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
; Welsh Anthracite. $14; Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 ibs
and $8. 50 per ton, according to brand.
. OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
76c; raw, 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 66c for
boiled' and 64c for, raw. in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 57^^.680 per gallon; pure Neats
foot, In barrels, 70c; cases 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, in barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, C3%c for Ceylon and
58^0 for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13% c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21%c; Benzine in bulk 14c; in cases,
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
• SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.00c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4,80c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c- Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60c more;
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb. .
No Nezc York or Chicago markets.
Silver and Exchange undisturbed.
Clearing-house elects the- old officers.
No local grain markets.
Potatoes easy and Onions weakening.
Butter firm, Cheese steady and Eggs weak.
Provisions continue neglected.
Dried Frjiits as previously quoted.
Nothing nciv in the Meat market.
Rcccifts of Poultry and Game ample for the demand.
Citrus Fruits unchanged. Bananas higlter.
Some Strawberries coming in from the south.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Memorial of the Federal
Party Submitted to
Senate.
House Passes the Bill
Relating to Oleomar
garine.
stocks and^bonds from those markets.. The
San Francisco Produce Exchange also stood
adjourned, so there were; no local quotations
for grain, etc.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — ?4 85^
Sterling Exchange, sight ¦ — 4 88
Sterling Cables ¦ — 4 80
New Ycik Exohanee, sight — I'Mis
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ¦ 15
Silver, per ounce — , 55
Mexican Dollars, nominal...... 45 @ 45}i
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions continue to weaken. ¦ Receipts are
liberal ' and the shipping demand is light. a:»
Colorado and Wisconsin are supplying Texas,
Arizona and other southwestern sections. Most
of the northern stock coming in here is frost
bitten. A car came in from Nevada and sold
at a sharp decline.
Dealers are reporting less firmness in Po
tatoes. Prices for choice stock show no de
cline, but the frosted and otherwise inferior
stock is dragging. Sweet Potatoes are well
cleaned up and two cars are expected to-day.
" Los Angeles vegetables were in light ¦ re
ceipt and high with the exception of Peas,
which were plentiful and weak. Only strict
ly choice offerings brought the top quotation.
Wet and rusty stock was not wanted and
was offering at low figures. Mushrooms were
in liberal supply and weak, as the demand
seems to be limited. There was no Rhubarb
offering. :
POTATOES — $1 10@l 35 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Valley Burbanks. $1 60®
1 85; Oregon Burbanks. $1 25@1 68; Oregon
Garnet Chiles, $1 40@l 55; River Reds, $1 60®
1 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l .75; smalt
Burbanks, for seed, $1 25@1 45; Sweets, $1 40
for Merced.
¦ ONIONS— Oregons, $2 25@2 65, first hands;
Australian, $3; Nevada, $2 65; Green Onions,
50@65c per box.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 10c per lb; Greei.
Peas from ,Los Angeles. 4@8c; String Beans
from Los Angeles, 10@20c, Including Wax;
'^abbage, 40@50c per ctl: Los Angeles Toma
toes $1 75@2 per box and $2 50@3 per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes. $2@3 per box; Dried Pep
pers 12y.@15c per lb; Los Angeles do, 15Q!
1744c; Dried Okra. 12%@15c per lb; ¦ Carrots,
35Si50cper sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. ?1®
1 25 per dozen for large and 50@75c for small;
Garlic l%@2tfc; Los Angeles Green • Peppers.
°0fff°5c; Mexican do, 20@25c; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles 20@25c; Summer Squash from
Los Angeles, $2; Marrowfat Squash, '$S@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash. $8@10; Mushrooms,
40c@?l 50 per box.
SUMMARY OF THE. MARKETS.
BUTTER MUST
BE INSPECTED
FILIPINOS ASK
FOR ANNEXATION
San • Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptlons'remaln unchanged. '
Wholesale. rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: . - • . . ' .'
BEEF— 6%@7»4c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows. ¦',.¦¦
¦VEAL — Large,- 8®Oc;- small, . 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, S@8*4c; Ewes, 7 1 /4<&8o
per lb. , . '
LAMB— Yearlings, ft-go^c per lb; Spring
Lamb. lli?Z12'/.c per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, " 6@
6%c;-200 lbs and qver, 5%@5%c: feeders, 5%c;
sows, ' 20 per -cent off; , boars, 30 per cent off,
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above yuo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7Va@9c. . " "/
for good to choice. - " Local dealers quote 10»
15c for shipment. ¦ . . ; .
TflE SAN lfJSAJSClSCU CALL; THURSDAY, ITJ5BKIJARY I3i 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE COAST RECORD.
V STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
6TATI0NS.
B
p
3
n
¦ n
2 2 O
S« o= 33
3^33 ia
: c : £ f-o
•3 : 3 : 3
n
i:
•i
"0
Astoria . . ; . . .30.06 52
Baker 30. IS 38
Carson .30.12 44
Fresno 30.18 64
Flagstaff 29.96 50
Poeatello. Ida.30.10 42
Independence 29. 88 .68
Los Angeles.. 30. 12 66
Phoenls 20.98 70
Portland 30.16 46
Red Bluff 30.22 50
Roseburg 30.18 60
Sacramento ..30.22 58
Salt Lake 30.02 50
San Francisco.30.24 54
S. L. Oblspo..G0.18 64
San Diego.... 30. 12 «2
Seattle 30.12 52
Spokane 30.14 36
Xeah Bay 30.02 46
"VValla \Valla..30.16 4S
¦\Vinnemucca .30.10 44
Tuma 29.96 78
40 S
32 XE
34 W
44 NW
28 W
38 - SW
30 W
42 SW
44 NW
40 S
50 SE
40 S
42 NE
50 SW
46 "W
36 W
46 NW
38 S
34 SW
42 E
34 S
32 TV'
32 S
Rain .76
Cloudy .2S
Clear .02
Clear .02
Pt.Cldy .00
Cloudy .10
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .30
Clear .02
, Cloudy .18
' Clear .00
Clear 1\
Clear .02
Clear .14
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .28
Snow .58
Cloudy .22
Cloudy .5'5
Pt.Cldy T.
Clear .00
6TATI0NS.
B
p
3
n
¦ n
2 2 O
S« o= 33
3^33 ia
: c : £ f-o
•3 : 3 : 3
n
i:
•i
"0
Astoria . . ; . . .30.06 52
Baker 30. IS 38
Carson .30.12 44
Fresno 30.18 64
Flagstaff 29.96 50
Poeatello. Ida.30.10 42
Independence 29. 88 .68
Los Angeles.. 30. 12 66
Phoenls 20.98 70
Portland 30.16 46
Red Bluff 30.22 50
Roseburg 30.18 60
Sacramento ..30.22 58
Salt Lake 30.02 50
San Francisco.30.24 54
S. L. Oblspo..G0.18 64
San Diego.... 30. 12 «2
Seattle 30.12 52
Spokane 30.14 36
Xeah Bay 30.02 46
"VValla \Valla..30.16 4S
¦\Vinnemucca .30.10 44
Tuma 29.96 78
40 S
32 XE
34 W
44 NW
28 W
38 - SW
30 W
42 SW
44 NW
40 S
50 SE
40 S
42 NE
50 SW
46 "W
36 W
46 NW
38 S
34 SW
42 E
34 S
32 TV'
32 S
Rain .76
Cloudy .2S
Clear .02
Clear .02
Pt.Cldy .00
Cloudy .10
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .30
Clear .02
, Cloudy .18
' Clear .00
Clear 1\
Clear .02
Clear .14
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .28
Snow .58
Cloudy .22
Cloudy .5'5
Pt.Cldy T.
Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
fe GRAND AUCTION SALE fe
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
AND CHOICE .
THOROUGHBRED STALLIONS.
BY ORDER OF
J. W. Schorr. A. B. Spreckels. Burlingam*
Stock Farm, S. McNaughton, Chinn & For-
sythe. D. McCarthy, consisting of the following:
Joe Frey (California Derby winner. $5000),
Ksternell. Greenock (stake winner). Ordnung,
Commissioner Forster. John Peters. Triaditza
(stake, winner). Ishtar. Finch (great hurdle
jumper), Clarinette, Saul of Tarsus <a very con-
sistent racehorse), Montoya. Rosalbra, Flash-
light (stake winner), Trappean, Puryear D
(stake winner). Pegalong. Breton, etc.
Sale Will Take Place
MONDAY.. , FEBRUARY 17H, 1002
Commencing at 7:45 P. M.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard St., Near Third.
Catalogues ready.
WM. Q. LAYNQ, Livestock Auctioneer.
ft. ATT. WAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l«ti»*«. »»»«• «r» ilucn »o arrlfral
MAN FKANCINCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
cc.ivi — Fbom Fmrpart 9. 1903 — asrtts
7:Ot»* Ben lei a, .Sulsuu, Elmira and Sacra-
. meiito «;S.1»
7:OOa VacaTille. Winters, Runuey ?>33r
~. :Si»a Martinet, S»n lUuiou.Vallejo. Napa.
CalistigaftliilSinta Ho«a 11:25?
»:O<» A DavU, Woodland. Knigats LaadJnf.
llarf ¦villa. OrotUle.. 7tH*T
giOOt Atlautio Kxpress— Oetlau and Ksst 3:23a
¦' M:O»a Niles. Lathrop. Stockton 1i»»T
. 8U»Oa NUes, Mendota, Hanford. ViaaUa,
PorKrriUa *.. 4:M»
8z8«a Shwta ExpreM-D»ri», Williams (tot
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Had
Bluff. Portland... 7«3»F
tilim 8w .iiiae. Llferinore, .Stockton,
Line SaoraiuKiito. PlaerlviUe,
M»r»»»llle. CIilco, Ke.l IM11IT 4i»Xr
Ms3»a 0»kdaic,Ghinese,Sonor», Tuolumne 4:85p
»:<»«>« Ifnywiird. Xllesaud Way 8t»tiou«.. 1 I:»3a
»:O»a Vall*-Jo....... I2l23r
I»:UUa Lo« Angeles Expre»» — &IarUn«z,
¦ - ¦¦ Tracy laathrop. ntoukkoit. Alcrceu
Frenno anil LobAh«»1m ' TiSS*.
¦ O:!tn« Viillfjn, Martinex ami Way Hlation* 7:»3p
I OsUUA Tlia OferlAinl JJmlted— Ogdeu, L'eu-
ver, Omaha. Chicago »:23p
tl:«M»pS H cr»iii«iifi> IMvi-rHlemimrn fll:OUr
3i«»i- It-nicla, Winters. Haeramanto,
Woixllnml, KniKhta J-uullliK.
M..ry»»illf, Orixlil* 1W:»3a
8:8«>r Ila;w»r<l, Mies au.l Way SUtlcms. . 7:33 T
4:»«>p Mnrtiuer.. Hun Itamon, Vallejo,
X;ip.i. <riil|(,i.n K », Sunlit Con* 9-2-Ia
•IiOOp Nile», Livermoro. Stockton, Lodi... I2:23p-
•lirinjf Hayward. Nile*, Hn.i;.lune, Li»-rmoro i»:!i^A
<:S»r Tim Owl I.imlt«il t. Kiemio. Tulure. .
nnkernOsM. Kmigiia for Santa l!ar-
Imra. l,os AnKeles SsSA«
. fttoov. Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 »«25a
Stoop Mutin^z. Auticch, Stocktuu, Mer-
c«J,Froi.no 12»23p-
MKMIp Ilnynrnni. Nilos and Han Joss 7s5.lt
tU:O«r VmIIuJo- lls»3\
<l>O»p Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Oinali*. St._ Louis. Chicago 4:25p
TiOOp Or«K<>i> ami California ICx|>iens,Ka«.
rnnn-nt... JlarjHtllle. KimMIiik,
1'ortlnii.l. I'lijixt .Siiiii.i1 and East S<53*
' Sia.tpSan Pablo. Pott (Joiita, Martines
anil Wa» Mtatlous 1 1 i»»a
tBiO.ip V»ll>li "».V>f>
COAST LINE (Narrow «aa R e).
• vA (foot »( ,M.irk«t Strott.)
» :!•"»» Newark, Cen ttir»llle,San.l'>se, Kwlton,
l:onlderCtrek..SaiilaCrH*aiiilWa»
Stittlnnn 3«3»»
fJil.tr Newark, C*ntervil1e. San Jena, Nnw
AIiiiuiIhii, Fulton, Doiildar Oreelc,
Santi IViiz and ltincijal Way
Stations.... l»i»»A
4il3p Newark, 8»u Jose. Ixin (latos iSs3IU
«O.3wp Hunters' Train -San Jcse ana Way
Stationa f7.30r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fna S1H FJA JCISCO— fool of Mirket Strctt (Slip 3)—
tV:15 U:OD 11:00a.M. 1:03 3:J3 S.lSr.M.
rrinOlIUNS— r<il»rBr»a«>v.— t'l:00 I0.0Q 13:0/
10:00 ».H. 12:23 2.03 1:03 r.M. tj
COAST IilNE (»roa.l Kauge).
(Thlr.1 nnq To.»naei»l St».)
0:IOa San Josesnd Way MUtioug. «: »<»a
7:B0a Sau Joaa and Way SUti.nis f*'""A
/7MM»A New Alntaden / -illOF
j 1 8:0Oa Coait Line Limited — rfsn Jose.
. : - ' Gi!r< y, Saliuaa. Sar. Luis Obispo. '
Santa Barbara^ I.<m Angek's und
principal intermediate atatlois . . . • IO:43p
ViOOa Halt Just!. Trea Tisos. JSnntii x'rux,
Pacille Cri>*«, ealinas. San l.oi»
Obispo and Principal intermediate
Stations 4:10r
JO::ioa San Jose and Way Stations R:.1A\
IIiSOa 8au Josb antl Way StuLitn-n 1»: IG*
t3il.%r San Matra, Uedwoo.1. Jlf.ln Park.
1'alo Alto, SanU Clara, San .lose.
Tres FIdos, Santa i)t\\z, Saliuas.
Montereyand Pacille (Srnve 11O:I3»
S:SApHanJuaeaud Way Stations. l>»»p
t4:l3p Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations S<3Or
4i3Op Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days. Triday*. for Los Angeles, Cl
F&ao. Kcw Orleans and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tucsdaj3 and
Thursdays IdilS*
flitOOrSau Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
WayStatloim iniOOt
SiSOp SauJoaeaml Principal Way Stations «:.1«»p
«:.tnpaan.Tos<saud Way Statioua 7»aop
7:OOr Xew Orleana XxpreRS — San tuis
• ¦ Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
Seles. D-mlnsr. El Paso, New Or-
leans and E116 11:30a
«ll:43p 3au Jose atnl Way .Stations 7s:tl>r
A for Morning. 1* for A fternoon.
t Rnnday ezcaiitsd. t Sm.day only.
a Satorday only. / TnescUTS and J«day».
*
CILIfOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CiL
SAN FRANCISCO AND t.Ottf.i FASlni
HAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot o» market ii.
San Francisco to San Rafael. ' -',
WEEK DATS — 7:3U. »:UO. 11-.0U a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30, 0:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — £ztru
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:80 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:S0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
¦ 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San SCaVael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS — 0:10, 7:00. O:2O. llrlO a. m. ;
12:43, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:03. 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect I Arrive
San Krancisco. I Apr. 2S. 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 I Sun- I Weelc
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Diya.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am! 8:40a.m
3:30pm 9:30am Fetaluma, « :05pm 10:23am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm| 0:20pm
; . Fulton, ¦
7:30am Windsor, 10:25am
8:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
.%¦.'¦¦ - Lytton,
¦ Geyservllle,
¦ 3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm B :20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10 :25a -m
3:30pm 8 :00am and Uk'.ah. 7:35pm tt :20pm
7:30am 10:40am lU:U5am
8:00am GuernevtUe. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm , 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am s:iearu
and
5 :10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:03pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am! 110:40am 10:23am
3:a0pm| 5:C0pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:33pm *:20pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark;'
West Springs and 'White Sulphur Springs; at
Pulton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagss Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland (or
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelssr.
vllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. • Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley"'*!
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins'
Bell's Springs, 'Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka.
• Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. *.-.«¦
On Sundays round-trip tickets' to all points
beyond San Rifael at half rates.
Ticket of nee. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R: X. RYA>T.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
1H0UNTTAMALPAIS HAILWAY
~ Leave Via Sausalito Ferry "Arrive
• San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun, n. MS *.¦.•**.,!•..•«. £ m ' (Week
«'3O A. 8:00a. BtBI11^ tam „ JM l.OO p. <J.45 a.
J i-l'JP. ¦ *>:rV> P.|
rm.Safruriioito Summit *nii Rmni. tl. 50. '
• TUktX OUkM, «21 JIAK.XIT STSin ud aAC&aUIO TZS2Z.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAKJiT ST. Established
In 1S54 for the treatment of I'rivxte
Diseases, I^ost Manbuo^. Debi.it v or
dN«>as« wearing: on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cu;es whci
others fail. Try him. I'harges low.
Cnre* giiarauteed. Cull or. writ*
, Dt. J. g. t*lEB,OX t 8nu Fraac!;:?. Cat j m
The skin ought to be
clear ; there is nothing
strange in a beautiful face.
If we wash with proper
soap, the skin will be open
and clear, unless the
health is bad. A good
skin is better ; than a
doctor.
The soap to use is
Pears'; no free alkali in it.
Pears', the soap that
1 clears but not excoriates.
Sold all over tlie -world.
BAIL WAY TBAVEIi.
Santa "Fe
Trains— Daily,
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local LlnVd Ovrfd Local
Dally Dally 1 Daily Daily
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
i " Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
'•' Visalla.. 3:30 p. ...... 5:C0a
" Bakersfd 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45a
•• Kan.City ....... 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago. .....«: 2:15p 9:00 p|:
a tor mornins. p for aiternoon. -
9:00 a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and .
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Cnalr Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No secor d-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
¦4:20. p. EQ. ... Is Stockton. Merced and
Fresno local. Corresponding train arrives
at 12:30 p. m. dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and . Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago;. also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 . Broadway.
Oakiand.^^^ ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD"
. Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing September 20. 1901.
FROM SAN- FKANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
F^ UJa AND SAN RAFAEL. AJJil « : '^
WEEK DAYS— 6:35. 8:30. »a:30, 11:00 a. m
•1-45 »:15. 4:15. 5:16. "6.15. 6:45 p m . '
.EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill _Valley and J3a n
Kafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and siatur-
davs at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. • .
SUNDAYS-»S:00 . '10:00. "11:30 a. m.. '1:15
316 «4:45. 0:30, 6:30 p. ra. A- -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— "5:25, 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. It" 15
a m^ -12:25. 2:15. *3:35 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRI^ s ft .?? a M ,°^ d ?"- Wednesday.
»nd Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m. --.-,
"sUNDAYS-e:^. <8:00 -10:0a «11:« a. m..
•1-40 *3: 15, 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked f*) start from San Quentin.
FROMMILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS-5:4S 6:45/7:55. 8:55. i( l: s0
a. m , 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m. .
¦ "EXTRA TRIPS^ on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m .
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15
3:30. B:00. 6:45 p.m.
' THROUGH , TRAINS.
6:55 a..m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. , '
1 :45 p. ra. Saturdays — Duncan Mill* and way
I stations. ' ¦ - ; ' . . •
- 8:00 a. ra. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ' • . • .
. Legal • Holiday boata and. trains will run on
. Sunday, tlma. ¦-, _ ¦BOY'S GUARDIAN SEEK8 DAMAGES.— J.
J: . Greeley, ¦ fruardlan of Bernard . McDermott,
filed ] a suit for S500 damages against the Pa
cific Box Factory yesterday for Injuries i re
ceived by hl« ward at the factory last October.'
¦¦'. Charlea Hatch, who at th© prison said
he was a salesman, was arrested last
night by. OfHcer Cullinane and j charged
with impersonating an officer and bat
tery. It 19 claimed that on Tuesday night
Hatch accosted Charles Slgel, a carpen
ter, and after representing himself as a
detective threatened to arrest him. When
Slgel asked him- to show him his star
Hatch struck him on the head with I an
umbrella. . • . . ,
Claimed He .Was a Detective.
A. Moseley and I. A. Moseley, as Indi
viduals and as the firm of- Moseley Broth
,ers of Lollta, Humboldt County, filed a
petition In Insolvency yesterday In .the
"United States District Court. They, have
no assets, and the liabilities are as fol
lows: A. j Moseley $324 70, I. A. Moseley
$8109, Moseley Brothers $694 53. Rebecca
Jones, a widow, residing at 426 Stockton
street, also filed a petition. She owes
$1275 and has no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Assistant Sanitary Inspector Bryant
reported to the Board of Health, yester
day a sad case of ' sickness and destitu
tion at the home of Mrs. Woods, 1298
Jackson street, corner of Leavenworth.
Dr. Bryant says that the case Is worthy
of the attention of the charitable because
the mother is utterly, without means and
has three children elck. A baby Is how
with friends who are caring for it. Mrs.
Woods kept a lodging-house, but her lodg
ers have left on account of the sickness
of the children. _ , ; .'; : v"
Sad Case of Destitution.
. The Hofmann piano recital last night
at Metropolitan Temple brought out a
large and representative audience to hear
what was'the best recital so far given by
the young virtuoso. The pianist was in
excellent form, and a very attractive pro
gramme was given, among the numbers
being the E minor Concerto of Chopin,
accompanied on a second piano by Casi
mlr Hofmann. • The "Marchfc Militaire"
of Sehubert-Tauslg was splendidly ren -
dered, ' with the altogether delightful
"Alceste" of Gluck-Salnt-Saens, the
I,Izst "Griomenreigen." Mr. Hofmann
was most \ enthusiastically - received and
applauded to the echo. He will give an
other recital at the same place on Satur
day afternoon, | and will give a farewell
programme composed of favorite num
bers in his repertoire on Sunday evening
at the Metropolitan Temple.
Josef Hofmann. will give his farewell re
cital In this cit|y at the Columbia Theater
on Sunday night and will render -a pro
gramme made |up of the most successful
numbers of his large repertoire. Including
among others the great Tannhauser
overture. Following is the fin© . pro
gramme: ; . / . , ,
Thirty- two varia tlons . . .' Beethoven
Cher der Dervlss; aus den "Rulnen von, t
Athen" ... . ....Beethoven-Salnt-Saens
Frullnglied : Spli merited ......... Mendelssohn. '
Marche Hongroii e ...... . ...... Schubert-Liszt
Nocturne . F sharp major; Valse C sharp
t minor; Polor aise F major ...... . .Chopin
Melodie F major ..;... Rubinstein
Jongleur; Zur .Gultaire. . Moszkowski
Overture, Tannh luser .'. ...;......... .Wagner
' Hofmann '» will also give a matinee re
cital- at Metropolitan Hall on Saturday
afternoon.-: v. ' v , - . ¦- ¦ _ • ,
Hof maun Piano Recital.
The letter ends -abruptly. It Is believed
she committed suicide. Deceased has a
brother In this city. She was 22 years of
age. . .
Remember me, my friend Sofia. Now I sit
down to write. This night is awful, awful
long. Give by best regards to mamma.
Deceased had been in this city only
three weeks. She came from Finland. On
February 11 she was employed by Mrs.
Pettigrew. who was living with a Mrs.
Huston. 1916 Broadway, while her own
house was being put in order. Two nights
ago Mrs. Pettigrew directed Miss Matson
to sleep at the house on Pacific avenue.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Pettigrew, ac
companied by Mrs. Huston, went to her
residence and rang the bell. She received
no response'and an entrance was forced.
As soon as the ladies entered the house
they detected the odor of gas. Thy traced
it to Its source and found tho servant girl
in bed, dead. •
On a desk a note was found addressed
to Sofia Kugler, a domestic employed. by
Dr. Taylor. It was translated and Is as
follows: '
Miss Hilda Matson, a servant girl em
ployed by Mrs. John Pettigrew at 2999 Pa
cific avenue, was found dead in bed yes
terday. Death was due to asphyxiation..
It Is believed the girl committed suicide.
Goes to Death.
"Regards to Mamma" When She
Hilda Matson, a Domestic, Leaves
NIGHTY IS SO LONG. THAT
SHE BECOMES AWEABIEB
Mr. Snook— But I do call your Honor's at
tention to the early part, or the proceeding
when you thought you had full powers as a
Court Cammissloner, as the. case' had been-re
ferred to you, as you say. and counsel Iterated
The Commissioner— Mr. Snook, the Commis
sioner says this: As to what counsel hai
threshed over there, it has no relation to my
duties whatever. If I .find that -this party is
guilty of a contempt upon the investigation of
ibis question it will be • immaterial, In my
judgment, what they have found. : If my Judg
ment conflrms v me in the view that he is guilty
of contempt here I should' proceed .just the
«»me as though you had no proceedings over
there. ¦ • ' . ¦-•; -. ¦ ¦- -•: ¦ •
Commissioner Takes a Hand.
Mr. Snook— By his going out. The question
was asked if Mr. Daniels could be asked a
question so that it could go into the record,
which- was consented to. Now that certainly
doesn't ehow disrespect here, lam willing to
try the question at issue here In a proper pro
ceeding, and I say the burden ought to be
upon them and not upon us. If a plaintiff
in a case brings an action In court and flies
to the southern portion of the State to avoid
giving ~d. deposition as to what his rights or
privileges are or testimony v/ould be in a case,
which the statute also gives to us. and al
though counsel called it sharp practice to get
the deposition set at an eralier day than that
at which he has set through his delay, he calls
that sharp practice to bring a man into court
to have his deposition taken under such cir
cumstances; after he had circulated broadcast
throughout the community these allegations
which he la afraid to support by his testimony
In a deposition, and flies and seeks to avoid
subpoena under such circumstances; and par
ticularly after the matter has been brought
to the court, the question of contempt here
and the court has practically said from tho
bench that he himself would not have power
to puninsh for contempt under such circum
stances If he was taking the deposition It
eeems to me that under, such a view it would
be an outrageous abuse of. the Commissioner's
power to throw upon us an additional burden
which they themselves ought to bear,' if there
is any bearing to be done in this ease, after
the court has threshed it over as thoroughly
as he did yesterday afternoon.
. Mr. Snook— Let me suggest on that line that
Mr. Ach Is rather adroit In some things. After
we had announced the position defendant had
taken, through his counsel, there certainly was
no intent to commit any disrespect to this
Court Commissioner
The Commissioner — I don't so understand it,
Mr. Snook.
Attorney Snook Makes Bepiy.
Mr. Ach — One moment, please. The question
as to who should stand the burden cuts no
figure with this court. If a contempt was
committed, and that cannot be denied. If any
body can commit a contempt against a Com
missioner at all, then It was committed in the
immediate presence of the court; and it Is the
duty of the court to Immediately, adjudge the
party guilty of a contempt of court and force
him to take action, if he wanta'to go at lib
erty — not the plaintiff in the action. It is a
matter for the court and not for the plaintiff.'
Mr; Snook — Mr.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 12. — John Coligan, a
lineman of the San Gabriel Electric Company,
was killed by a fall from a pole to-day.
In the presence of the court, and in the pres
<»nce of the public for the purpose of purging
himself if that Is not true, to ask this court
to put the burden upon the plaintiff. The
burden should rest where it belongs at this
time upon the defendant, and the witness
who cavalierly picked up his hat and without
so much as "if you please" to this court
walked out of it and left his counsel to battle
for him. The burden belongs with the con
teranor if there is a contemnor; and I venture
to assert that I have never seen a more ab
solute contempt committed in the presence,
even of a notary public, than was committed
by Mr. Daniels, and I think that if this Com
missioner has the power that the courts will
so announce; and it Is simply a question of
power; and If that is the only question It is
the • only question- for your Honor to consider,
because the contempt was committed in yonr
Immediate presence. The question
Commissioner Babcock announced that
he would take the matter, up -at 1:15 to
morrow afternoon. * . * • t. '.,¦-¦¦
Mr. Snook — See how silly the proposition is
when you are talking to , the gallery, as Mr'
Ach is.'
. Mr. Ach — No, I. am talking- to you, not to
the gallery. . Tou are not the gallery. ,
- Mr. Snook— Now, I would like a little time
if your Honor please, 1 to discuss . this matter.
These are new points. . r # . - ¦ . ,
Mr. • Ach— Yes, I think Mr. Daniels Jumned
before he ought to have jumped. .;-.-
Mr. Snook— Well, you thought bo before '
Mr. Ach — So . I ' did, and . I am afraid you
gentlemen act on my opinion Instead of your
own. ,• ' ¦ . •
Mr. Snook — Well,', he -would be In Jail lone
ago if we did that. •-; , > .
" Mr. Ach— I want to ask him questions and
I am entitled to the original books; you know
that. . . ¦
Mr. Ach — Now, we are trying to get you to
jail for a different purpose. I still say that
there Is no desire on my- part to put Mr. Dan
iels in jail. I want answers to my questions
and want those books produced. That is a'li
1 want. ¦ I want to i prove the ' truth or the
falsity of those allegations out of those books
and out of the mouths of these people Who are
charged. .-¦• .
Mr. Snook — Why don't you go and see them'
Mr. Ach? • !";-.,. -
Mr. Ach— I want to have you bring them
here, In court. I want Daniels under oath.
Mr. Snook— But you want the books.
: Mr. Ach — I want to ask him questions arid
get tho answers. ¦ .. . • .
Mr. Snook — Why don't you get an abstract
of the books then?
ilr. Snook — First you were willing to have
us In jail yesterday, .then you were for keeb
ing us. out of. Jail, and now you are trying to
get us in jail to-day.
Want the Books Produced.
Ach made some observations upon the
law arid then followed, a lively colloquy
between him and Snook; :
Mr. Ach— Well, that is disputed here, and
disputed absolutely. Now, so far as proving
our case was concerned, we were doing that
most beautifully through Mr. Daniels when ho
quit and his responses to questions which
would ' tend to prove the Issue, the statements
made In the complaint, that he didn't remem
ber and ho didn't know, were doing It in first
class style for the plaintiff. We don't expect
to prove all of our case by Mr. Collins. Mr
Collins certainly Is not expected by the de
fendants in the case .to prove the fact that
these things are not so, because we have
proven that they are so bj\ Mr. Daniels. We
have proof, for instance, that there are no
stockholders in that corporation except'Dan
iels. • We have proof, for instance, that no
body had anything to do practically with ac
quiring that stock, except Pardee and Dalton
all through Daniels. Then when it becomes
convenient to ¦ hide the books and suppress
them, and prevent them ¦ coming Into this
court, he does so, when a gentleman of honor
and integrity against . whom these chargea
were made would ¦ throw them . open to the
public and t to the court and say, »'j am inno
cent; here- are the books; examine them to
your heart's content; and I -will give you "all
the answers, that you want." I say it comes
with poor grace in such a gentleman to ask
this court to put a burden upon the plaintiff
in contempt proceedings, when If there Is any
contempt It is committed by the other party
STOCKTON, Feb. 12. — Charles White, a fire
man on the Tesla.coal road, who shot himself
eeveral daya ago, died to-day In St. Joseph's
Hospital.
and reiterated dozens and dozens of times
that you had no other power than that of- a
notary public. The court so held yesterday
afternoon, I Inform you, so that you may be
advised. The court held that he would only
have 6uch power If such, a proceeding was
brought before him; and I say now that a
person occupying the position that your Honor
does that would exercise power which the
court has practically held he has not got It
eeems to me in view of the circumstances of
this caeei would simply be attempting to Im
prison a man without due authority of law,
particularly as there Is no authority under the
statute for exercising- any such power by the
Court Commissioner. .
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 12.— At a meet
ing of the managers of the Pastime Club
of this city to-day it was decided to In
struct Managers Day and Grant to offer
a purse of 115.000 for a twenty-round con
test'between Champion Jeffries and "Den
ver" Ed Martin, the contest to take place
some time in May. A certified check for
J5O0O will be deposited by the club as a
guarantee of good faith on the acceptance
of its proposition by both men.
Portland Club Wants Jeffries.
The Anti-Mob and Lynch Law Associa
tion <incorpora.ted), with headquarters in
Springfield, Ohio, offers $500 for each per-
Bon convicted of participation in the
Lookout lynching. This will add $3000 to
the sum already mentioned, the whole,
with the Governor's reward, reaching th»
sxim of. $33,000 for the conviction of the
eighteen men.
Fifty-Nine Tnousand Dollars if the
IModoc lynchers Be Convicted.
REDDIICG. Feb. 12.— If all the men In
dicted for participation In the Modoc
lynching are convicted the persons who
cause their conviction can claim reward
aggregating $09,000. The Governor of
California offered a reward of $5fJ00. The
International Council of the World, a. se
cret order having branches throughout
the United Kingdom, Canada and the
United States, offers additional rewards
as follows: "The sum of $500 for the ap
prehension and conviction of each and
every person whatsoever implicated In
the murder of Calvin HalL" Then follow*
the names of the other persons lynched,
with like rewards offered. This means
that a reward of $500 Is offered for each
of the five men lynched, making a total
of $2500 for each and every person impli
cated. If eighteen men were convicted
this would yield to the detectives the sum
of $45,000.
REWARDS FOB DETECTIVES.
The board found that Crackbon had no
reason to fear his life was in danger, so
wa3 not justified In using his pistol. It
had been the intention of the board to
suspend Crackbon, but the Commissioners
were informed by the City Attorney that
they had no power to suspend. There
were three things left for them to do:
Reprimand the officer, fine him or dis
miss him from the service. They did not
feel justified In, doing either of the first
two so were compelled, much as they re
gretted it, to dismiss him from the de
partment. AH the Commisisoners voted
for Crackbon's removal.
Under the rules of the Police Department that
the officer Is charged with violating he would
be permitted to flre under two states of facts,'
to wit: First, If his life is in danger; sec
ond, if - it was necessary to stay the progress
of an escaped felon. Neither of those conditions
exiHted In this case.
Officer J. I* Crackbon was found guilty
of a disregard of the rules of the Police
Department and dismissed from the ser
vice last night. The finding by the board
was as follows:
Not Justified in the Killing of
Jose Pedro.
Police Commissioners Find He Waa
OI FICER J. Ii. CSACEBOH'
DISMISSED FBOM FORCE
Secretary Abbot Bassett of Boston said
the affairs of the league are in a condi
tion for careful consideration and wise
action. He compared membership figures
of a year ago with those of to-day, which
showed that the membership had de
creased from 24,328 t.o 10,529.
TORRINGTON, Conn., Feb. 12.—Twen
ty-orie delegates, representing twelve
States, were present at the opening ses«
sion of the National Assembly, League of
American Wheelmen, here to-day. The
national president, H. S. Earle of De
troit, presided. In his report President
Earle referred to the downward slide of
the membership of the League of Amer
ican Wheelmen. He advocated the adop
tion of divisions and the substitution of
local organizations similar to that tried
with success at New Bedford as the only
safeguard for the organization, the exist
ence of which is hanging in the balance.
Organized Cycling Vanishing.
Private advices from Chihuahua and
Mexico City tend to confirm the fore
going report.
Reyes was made Minister of War about
a year ago. He was formerly Governor
of the State of Nuero Leon and is said to
be popular and progressive.
According to the informant, Diaz has
often expressed the fear that if he died
la office many claimants to the Presidency
would appear and civil -war might result.
For the sake of his country, which he has
eoverned so well, Diaz desires to see his
tuccessor peacefully inaugurated and
thoroughly established while he Is yet
alive.
The news was gathered by the agent
from official sources and Is considered au
thentic by the newspapers here, which
¦will publish it to-morrow.
EL PASO, Tex.. Feb. 12.— A well-known
mercantile establishment of this city,
which has an agency in the City of Mex
ico, received information to-day from Its
agent there that President Diaz intends
to resign his office within six months and
that it has already been arranged for
General Bernardo Reyes, Minister of War,
to succeed him.
Special Ditpalch to The Call
The Saturday afternoon meeting at the
South Park Settlement will attract many.
It is to be semi-social in Its character,
and after a discussion of 'The Child m
Sickness" by those experienced in that
work, a. reception is to be held. [
The subject of a State Board of Chari
ties, a bill for the establishment of which
was lost at the last term of the Legisla
ture,' is by no means a dead one. It Is
engaging the thought and study of a
good many people. Dr. Samuel G. Smith
of St. Paul Is announced to speak on tho
subject of a "State -Board of Charities
vs. a State Soard of Control" on the open
ing evening, Friday, and there should be
enough people interesred in learnlns
about the matter to nil the auditorium.
The charity experts who will gather
this week in attendance upon the State
Conference of Charities and Corrections,
which opens in the auditorium, of the .Ti
M. C. A. building, corner of Ellis and
Mason streets, to-morrow, are going to
talk of many things which are of vital
Interest to the welfare of the community.
the Conference Which, Opens
To-Morrow.
Many Vital Subjects Coming Before
CHABITY EXPERTS "WANT
A STATE BOARD F0BMED
Dr. and Mrs. Gardner P. Pond (nee
Painter) left for the north yesterday.
After returning from their wedding trip
they will live in their new house on Green
street. »
Miss Jane Gallagher and Dr. Edwin O.
Cochrane were married Tuesday- at the
home of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
B Gallagher, 1133 Ellis street. Tne mar
riage was performed by the Rev. Father
Prendergast at high noon, after which
breakfast was enjoyed by the friend3
present. The drawing-room was decorated
with pink roses and foliage. Dr. and Mrs.
Cochrane left for Del Monte, and upon
their return will live at the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. A. N. Towne, Mrs. Isaac Lawrence
Requa Mrs. Qscar Fitzalon Long, Mra. Jofin
Waterman Phillips, . Mrs. ¦William H. Mllla,
Mrs. R E. Queen, Mrs. Henry J. Crocker.
Mrs W. C. Van Fleet. Mrs. Norria, Mrs.
Charles Stetson Wheeler, Mrs. A. B. Butler,
Mrs. Julius Kruttschnitt, Mrs. Edward Fond
and Miss Coleman. ; -
Mrs. H. E. Huntington was hostess at a
charming luncheon at her home, 2840
Jackson street, on Tuesday. Mrs. J. -I*
Frazler was guest of honor. Spring flow
ers were chosen for table decoration, and
the effects obtained were very artistic.
Those who enjoyed Mrs. Huntlngton'a
hospitality were:
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobin en
tertained at dinner before the Mardi Gras
ball Tuesday evening. The decorations
were unique and covers were laid for six
teen. The entire party afterward attend
ed the. ball,.
Mrs. Margaret Irvine, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
D Grant Mr. and Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson,
Mr and Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mr. and Mrs.
Horace Blanchard Chase, Mr. and Mra. Horace
D Pillsbury. Mr. and Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs,
Mr and Mrs. Chauncey .Rose Winslow, Mr.
and 'Mrs. Clinton E. "Worden. Mrs. Hyda
Mrs. A. E. Gfarceau. Miss Ethel Hager,
Miss Carrie Taylor, Horace G. Platt George
E. P. Hall, Lansing Kellogg and L. F. Michael.
James W. Byrne was host Tuesday
evening at one of the most thoroughly
delightful dinners ever given 1n San Fran
cisco. The dinner was given to twenty
six guests preceding the Mardi Gras ball.
The carnival colors, red and yellow, pre
dominated in the decorations of the din
ing-room, and the table was lavishly ar
ranged with apple blossoms. Masks were
laid at each plate and looked put from the
foliage. A large parasol was suspended
over the table, and lanterns in carnival
colors were hung about the room. The
candelabra shades were also red and yel
low. Dinner began at 7:30 o'clock and
lasted untH'9:30. Mr. Byrne enjoyed giv
ing the dinner on the night of the Mark
Hopkins Mardi Gras, he having taken
great interest in the carnival prepara
tions, being, president of the art associa
tion. The guests were: • •
Following is the standing of the players
up to date: Mial won four, lost one; Sl
gourney, won three, lost one; Norris won
three, lost one; Conklin won two, lost
onei'Treshie won two, lost two; Hendrick
won one, lost five; Miller won one, lost
five. Sigourney and Conklin will play
to-morrow night.
Norris— 2. 1. S, 15, 4, 7, 2, 0, 14, 11, 0, 15,
20, 13, 1, 7, 15, 6, 0, 2, 0, 1, 0, 0. 2, 1, 1,
0. 2. 41. 0, 1, 4, -20, 0, 0, 0, 29, 1, 2, 8, C, 4.
J, 33,-0/ 8; 0, 0,' 9. 0, 3, 7, 3, 4, 4, 0— Total,
345; average, 0 3-57. * •. ¦
Sigourney— 1, 1, 30, 1. 1, 1, 1, 0, 4, 1. 0,
0. 0. (54, 2, 0, 0, IS, 30, 0, 2, 0, 2. 3, 18 3,
35, 2, 1. 4. 6, 0, 4, 6, 5, 0, 2, 0. 17, 14, 0, 0,
SO, 1. 10. 1. 3. 1. 0, 2, 5, 0, 44, 4, 6. 3. . 13,
10 — Total, 400; average, ti 52-5S.
W. H. Sigourney, the San Francisco
Olympic Club amateur, played a good
game, the fourth of his series of six, dur
ing the afternoon. His opponent was
Charles S. Norris, formerly champion of
the Chicago Athletic Association, but now
champion of the Knickerbocker Athletic
Club, where the tournament is being
held. The Pacific Coast champion was in
much better form than when he met John
A. Hendrlck, the former champion of
Connecticut, last night, and some of his
work was of a gilt-edged character. It
was so good, indeed, that his opponent
joined in the applause for his frequent
brilliant plays. Summary:
NEW YORK, Feb. .12.— One of the best
games in the Class A amateur billiard
tournament at the Knickerbocker Ath
lethic Club was pla.yed to-night between
Dr. L. L. Mial of .this city and Charles
Threshie of Boston. Score: Mial 400, av
erage 9 4-44; Threshie 238, average 5 23-44.
Joins in the Applause Over
His Clever Playing.
Opponent of Olympic Club Billiardist
SIGOURNEY DISPLAYS
SOME BRILLIANT FORM
JAMES W. BYRNE
IS THE HOST AT A
LARGE DINNER
The Due and Duchess de Bassano and
Mile. Marie de Bassano, who with ex-
Bmpress Eugenie had been watching the
operations from Cape Martin, came to the
aerodrome to present the aeronaut their
felicitations and those of the Empress.
After a landing had been accomplished
the Prince received Santos-Dumont and
the Due de Dino on board his yacht and
arranged with the aeronaut various plans
for landing maneuvers during the next
excursion.
This is the longest trip that Santos-Du
mont has accomplished with his airship,
both as to time and distance.
At 2:35 p. m. the maneuvers' became very
difflcult. Some of the suspension wires
had been broken and the Prince had his
arm bruised by the guide rope, which
swept rapidly over the stern of the
launch. It is not thought that the Prince's
injury is serious. When the airship was
ten meters from shore guide ropes were
passed from the launch to a small boat
and then to workmen on the jetty.
At 2 o'clock, the rain having ceased. for
a moment, the aeronaut sailed away In
the direction of Cape Martin, being pre
ceded by two boats' from the Prince of
Monaco's yacht Princess Alice, and fol
lowed by a steam launch commanded by
the Prince. ,. ¦
Half-way between the aerodrome and
Cape Martin, the sky becoming cloudy
and the wind suddenly rising, the aero
naut wheeled about. and returned to Port
d'Hercule, where the occupants of the
steam launch were able to seize the guide
rope and conduct t^he airship^ near th-3
aerodrome.
MONTE CARLO, Feb. 12.— Between
showers this afternoon Santos-Dumont
made a fourth "sortie", from his aero
drome with his airship.'
Special Di«r»atch to The Call
After the operation Woods was placed
in the insane ward of the Detention Hos
pital, where it was easier to watch him.
A policeman was stationed outside the
door to keep guard over the prisoner. '
Information was received from Victoria
yesterday that Kauffman, one of the men
implicated in the murder of Policeman
Robinson, had been seen in that vicinity.
It is stated that he walked from Port
land to Tacoma and stowed himself away
on the Oriental liner Victoria, with the in
tention of making the voyage to China.
Before the steamer arrived at Victoria
he was discovered and landed at that
port. His identity was unknown • until
several days after, but by that time he
had escaped into the interior.
Frank Woods, alias "St. Louis Frank,"
had a bullet extracted from his back yes
terday. The operation was performed by
r>rs. Bunnell and McElroy of the Emer
gency Hospital, and Dr. Bacigalupi. A
38-caliber steel- jacketed bullet was ex
tracted and is now in the hands of the
police. It will be compared with the bul
lets taken from Policeman Robinson's
belt, and if found to be the same will.be
used as evidence against the footpad.
Detectives Wren and Dinan brought
Woods to the . hospital. The surgeons
found the wound to be superficial. They
experienced no trouble in finding the
leaden missile. It was extracted in Quick
order. Woods was wounded twice, but
one bullet found an exit.
A fat ladles' bowling match, with the
amateurs in vaudeville, i will be the spe
cial attraction art; the Chutes and Zoo this
evening. Miss Ella Burt is still coasting
the chutes on her bicycle.
Mary Norman, the Dempsey and Mack
company, the three marvelous Merrills,
Winchermann's bears, Rose and Jean
nette, Adelina Roattino, Reichen's hand
balancing dogs, Victor Jerome, Lottie
Fremont and Harry W, Welch are the
clever folk who make up the Orpheum'e
billthis week. Miss Norman's Imitations
of society girls are among the best things
of the kind that have been seen here,
which may also be said ¦ of the perform
ance of Reichen's wonderful little dogs.
It is also announced that the talented
songstress, Emma Nevada, will come to
this city for a ! single concert early in
March. The diva will be accompanied , by
European artists of great ability, among
them being Pablo Casals, the noted violon
cellist; Maquarfe, the flutist, and Moreau,
a superb pianist and an artist of great
popularity In Paris. .
The Steindorff symphony concert, that
is dated for Friday afternoon next at the
Grand Opera-house, promises to be par
ticularly interesting. The progress of the
orchestra has been remarkable, from good
to better right along the line, and the
programme for Friday is also one of the
best that the society has yet offered. It
will comprise the Glinka overture, VThe
Life of the Czar;" the B minor symphony
(unfinished) of Schubert, the symphonic
poem, "Phaeton," of Saint-Saens, and a
couple of lesser numbers.
. The long expected Nordlca recitals will
take place on the evenings of Monday and
Wednesday, February 17 and 19, and on
Saturday afternoon, February 22. The re
citals, as before announced, will be given
at Metropolitan Temple and the pro
grammes before announced for the series
remain the same and will be given in the
announced ¦ order. The first programme,
for Monday evening next, is as follows:
(a) The Robin Sings MacDoweM
(it) Thy Beaming Eyes MacDowell
(c) All For Tou d'Hardelot
(d)Song of Thanksgiving Allitsen
Voi Che Sapete (Nozze do Figaro) Mozart
(a) Ariette I • Vidal
(b) Si Mes Vers Avaient des AUes Hahn
(If. My! Song Had Wings.)
(c) Filles de Cadiz (Maids of Cadiz). ...Dellbes
Polonaise (C sharp minor) ...Chopin
MR. SIMMONS.
(a) Ich L-iebe Dich (I' Love Thee) Grieg
(b) Im Kahn (Boat Song) ....Grieg
(c) Lotusblume Schumann
(d) Es Blinkt der Thau (The Glistening
¦ Dew) . .'.' Rubinstein
(c) ' Serenade . . . .' Richard Straus*
Brunhlldes Call (Die Walkure) ....... -Wagner
The Central has a good attraction In the
strong melodrama "A Young Wife" this
week: As the bill says, it is "full of
thrills -and sensations" and is giving the
usual pleasure to the usual clientele.
Next comes "An African King."
Next week is the fourth and last of
"The AxneerV* at the Tivoli. In addition
to the many attractions of the opera as
given so far at the Tivoli an altogether
exceptional feature will be introduced
next week in the shape of some new songs
fresh from the pen of the composer, wri,t
ten especially for the Tivoli production.
Next will come the favorite of the Bos
tonians, rhe Serenade,*' to be given here
for the first time at popular prices.
This, the last week of Edwin Ardens
engagement at the Grand Opera-house, Is
given over to a play by Mr. Arden him
self that the actor-playwright calls "Rag
lan's Way." The play is not lacking in
interest and has a grateful flavor of orig
inality, but it is not possessed "• of the
marked strength of the other play of Mr.
Arden's that .has been given here. The
company does good work in the drama,
more particularly Mr. Arden, Miss Terry,
Gardner Crane, H. D. Byers and Laura
Nelson Hall. Next week George Ober be
gins a limited engagement in "A Temper
ance Town."
There is a very good production of the
Augustin Daly piece, "The Rogue's Com
edy," at the Alcazar Theater this week.
The clever company at the Alcazar is par
ticularly well cast in the play, many of
the players finding unusually grateful op
portunities in its lively predicaments and
well-drawn characters. Margaret Wych
erly and Marion Convere among the
women and M.' L. Alsop. Frank Bacon
and George Osborne among the men are
especially enjoyed. Next week "The Ori
ental Express" will be put on.
"The Sign of the Cross," ut the Califor
nia Theater, will begin the second week
of its engagement on Monday night next.
It is a strong play of powerful religious
interest, and is being very well given at
the California Theater. There aie many
of the people of the original production
at the Columbia some three years ago to
be found in the cast, notably Charles Dal
ton, who in ' his original role of Marcus
Superbus is a virile and graceful figure.
Mignon Shattlnger as Mercia also adds
much to the success of the piece, with
Agnes Scott and Marcella Hudson.
Viola Allen ends her highly siTccessful
engagement at the Columbia on Saturday
evening. The houses are crowded nightly.
The next production at , the Columbia
Theater will be the pastoral success "Way
Down , East," the interesting drama of
New England life that met with so much
favor on' its ' first presentation here last
year. With the company comes Miss
Grace Craib Hull, a former San Francisco
girl, who has been steadily, winning fame
before- the footlights. Miss Hull arrived
in town on Tuesday evening, and a large
contingent of friends will be at the Co
lumbia on Monday night to welcome her.
"Way Down Easf'is a William A. Brady
production, and, like all shows stamped
with his name, the scenic arrangements
will be of the best.
The "solid six" in the Council have been
grilled to a turn to-day for their refusal
yesterday to- give the Clark interests an
opportunity to raise the bid of their rivals,
after that privilege had been •"•anted to
the Huntlngton-Hellman syndicate.
It is known that papers In the proposed
legal proceedings are already In course of
preparation.
A new complication Is Injected Into the
pending contest, owing to the -fact that
the certified checks tendered by the Hunt
ington-Hellman syndicate in payment for
the franchises were not cashed until this
morning. The law expressly states that
cash must be tendered at the time the
franchises are awarded and the Davis-
Clark people had $133,000 in "good red
gold" piled up in the City Hall to cover
their bid. Local lawyers assert that the
failure of the Huntington. contingent to
put up coin invalidates their purchase.
"Mr. Hook and his associates will not
abandon this contest until they have ex
hausted the last expedient of the law,"
says F. J. Thomas, with respect to the
struggle bet-ween the Hook-Clark and the
Huntington-Hellman syndicate for the
electric freight franchise. "We are not
ready to indicate the methods we may
pursue in prosecuting the warfare, but
the public may be assured that there will
be no faltering on our part. We are in
the fight to win and we have the law on
our side."
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 12.— T. E. Gibbon
gives it out officially that Senator "W. A.
Clark, of Montana has bought a controll
ing Interest in the Loa Angeles Traction
Railroad, with which enterprise tho name
of .Hook has hitherto been almost the only
one associated. That Senator Clark
should invest some portion, of his" vast
capital In this enterprise means that the
traction company will become even more
of a thorn in the side of H. E. Hunting
ton, who had hoped to buy the rival. With
Senator Clark back of the traction road
that property is not likely to be> gobbled
up, even by so rich, a corporation as that
of the Huntington syndicate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
: Mr. Ach (continuing) — Who Is charged by
a plaintiff In a case who has equal rights
with himself, of doing acts for 'the purpose of
defrauding him. and- bas not only done the
acts, but is continuing to do them, to appear
before a Court Commissioner In such a case,
and decline to permit the fullest Investigation
Mr. Acb — It certainly comes with bad grace
from a defendant in an' action who is charged
with willful susDression of Interest in books,
who is charged
. Mr. Snook — Which we are willing to show
you at any time.
Burden Belongs With the Contemnor.
Mr. Snook — Now, of course, if you are going
to throw the burden upon us of this litigation,
it strikes me that if there is any burden to be
thrown It ought to be thrown under Intimation
of Judge Ogden upon the attorney for the
plaintiff. If you are a judicial officer then they
can review your acts by going to the court
and asking that you be Instructed so , to - do,
or upon your refusal to set aside the . order
¦which you made. . . . ,
The Commissioner— "Well It would be very
strange, of course, to me if I should be called
upon to decMe at the drop of the hat a vexed
question like this which you irentlemen were
discussing all yesterday afternoon. I heard a
portion of Judge Oirden's opinion, but only a
portion. I commenced investigating this quei
tlon thia morning and have had hardly time to
arrive at a definite conclusion. My impres
sions are with the counsel for the plaintiff
here, but I don't want to put any unnecesaary
hardEhip tipt>a Daniels or any unnecessary ex
pense and trouble. Instead of passing unoa
the question as to whether Daniels is guilty
of contempt this afternoon. I will ask If it
be convenient for counsel to postpone that
decision until to-morrow, and then I will ren
der my opinion about It.. My ' impression, I
am frank to say. Snook, is that I have juris
diction to punish for contempt.
I aek your Honor to find Daniels guilty of
contempt of court and impose the sentence and
issue the warrant for hie arrest in that he did
violate your order in your immediate presence
and while you were engaged in the perform
ance of your official duty, namely, that of
taking a deposition- under the constitution and
the etatute of this State, In leaving your pres
ence without so much as "If you please," and
while he was upon the stand. And in subdi
vision 3: "To compel the. attendance of pei
eons to testify In a proceeding before him. l.i
the cases ani manner Drovided in this code,"
In that he did attend in obedience to a sub
poena and left the courtroom declining to pro
duce books which were in his possession; and
under section 178, which provides as follows:
"For the effectual exercise of the power* con
ferred by the last section a judicial officer mav
punish for contempt in the cases provided in
this code." That your Honor is a judicial of
ficer, I call your attention to article 6, sec
tion 14. of the constitution of this State, and
section 15. Section 14 is to the effect that
"The Legislature shall provide or may pro
vide for the appointment by. the several Su
perior Courts of one or more commissioners in
their respective counties, with authority to per
form chamber business of the Judges of the
Superior Court, to take depositions and per
form such other business connected with tht
administration of justice as may be prescribed
by law." The point being that the constitution
is mandatory and self-acting, and that the
power to take the depositions comes from the
constitution itself, and by section 15 of article
1 of the constitution It expressly and directly
recognizes Court Commissioners as Judicial of
ncers. and judicial officers as mentioned in
chanter 4, sections 177 and 17S: "No judlciil
officer, except Justices of the Peace and Court
Commissioners, shall receive to his own use
any fees or perquisites of office." This con
tempt bavins occurred In the immediate pres
ence of this court, we ask that this court
adjudge G. B. Daniels guilty of a contempt of
court and lmoose the punishment and direct his
arrest, and that he be brought before you for
that purpose, and . If you haven't any power
let the Supreme Court say so.
Commissioner Reserves His Decision.
Says "Witness Is in Contempt.
Sir. Ach — And here note. Mr. Reporter, that
the witness, G. B. Daniels, left the courtroom
while uixm the stand, saying good-Cay with
out being excused by interrogating counsel or
by the Court Commissioner or court, and upon
that conduct we ask the Court Commissioner,
the matter occurrine in the presence of the
court and in the presence of the Court Com
missioner, to find him guilty of a contempt of
court, under provisions of the code.
Mr. Snook — I want to r>ay further in regard
to these books I want to extend every cour
tesy to counsel for plaintiff, and that any di
rector or any etockholder may view the books
at any time at the office of the corporation,
and any transcripts can be taken during busi
ness hours that they desire from those books;
that they are now in the custody of the book
keeper of the Institution.
Mr. Ach — I move to strike out the statement
of counsel a> irrelevant and Immaterial, and
under chanter 4. sections 1T6. 177 and 178 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, which provide as
follows: "Every judicial officer shall have
power: 1. To preserve and enforce order ir.
his immediate presence and in proceedings be
fore him when he is engaged in the perform
ance of official duty."
Mr. Ach— Make the order.
The Commissioner — Let me «ee the subpoena;
I want to aee that eubpoena.
Ach Quotes the Law.
Snook finally consented to allow Dan
iels to answer, and the witness replied
that he had not. When asked for a rea
son he said that he saw no reason for
bringing them.
Ach then made a formal demand that
the Court Commissioner order the produc
tion of the books. It was while Ach was
making his demand that Daniels took hib
hat and left the room with the simple
statement, "Goo*-day,- gentlemen." JTheat
the battle of counsel and the demands of
attorneys followed fast.
The proceedings this afternoon opened
with a -fight. Daniels was called to the
stand, and the first question asked was
whether he had brought the books that
have been demanded.
"We decline to go further," said" Charles
E. Snook, Daniels' attorney.
It is evident that the parties in the case
are going to fight the matter out and, if
necessary, carry it to the Supreme Court,
for upon this ruling of Judge Ogden rests
the possibility of getting any more infor
mation through the means of depositions.
The surprise to them came when Henry
Ach and J. B. Richardson, the attorneys
for Collins, produced a lot of law and de
cisions to show that if the Superior Court
could not punish, the Court Commissionei
was a judicial officer under the constitu
tion and that he could punish for con
tempt of himself. This upset the feeling
of security of the defendants, and when
Court Commissioner Babcock said that
ho believed he had the power to commit
for contempt of himself and he would or
der Daniels to appear to-morrow and
show cause why he should not be pun
ished there was a long and wordy battle
between the attorneys.
Daniels Is Cited for Contempt.
It was a day of surprises and sensa
tions to all the parties in the case. The
defendants in general and Daniels in par
ticular were resting easily last night, and
this morning under the decision delivered
by Judge Ogden. Under this decision
there was absolutely no further use of
trying to take depositions, for Judge Og
den had held that there was no method
of punishing a witness for refusing to an
swer questions propounded before a no
tarv public or a Court Commissioner.
Judge Ogden had frankly stated from the
bench yesterday that he would be com
pelled to decide that a witness who re
fused to answer could not be punished by
appealing to the Superior Court which the
Court Commissioner or notary public was
supposed to represent, even though such
a ruling would make the taking of a
deposition impossible.
And so the defendants were happy, be
cause they felt that there was no longer
any necessity of making any more ap
pearances in these distasteful proceed
ings.
The result of this act was that Court
Commissioner Babcock cited him to, ap
pear before him to-morrow and show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt of the Court Commissioner. And
bo by far the most dramatic incident in
a long series of sensations in the now
famous Colllns-Pardee-Dalton-Daniels-En
qulrer suit occurred.
OAKLAND. Feb. 12.— At the third quen
tion propounded to G. B. Daniels, presi
dent and general manager of" the Oak
land Enquirer Publishing Company, at the
continuation of the taking of his deposi
tion before Court Commissioner Babcock
to-day Daniels clapped his hat on his
head and walked out of the room with a
"Good-day, gentlemen," without answer
ing the question.
REYES WILL BE
THE PRESIDENT
"I made an attempt to inaugurate a
new policy, but the changes proposed,
though I do not doubt that they will be
accepted In the comparative near future,
are not welcome. I deemed it mv duty
to make my plea in the church and in
the university. The pica having been re
jected, it seems equally my duty to with
draw from both. I expect, as opportunity
offer?, to continue the work upon which
I have entered."
"I hereby tender my resignation as pro
fessor of English literature In North
vesaorn University. With the kindliest
feeling toward you all and best wishes
lor the luture welfarfe of the Institution
to which I have given so many years cf
service, I am very respectfully yours,
"C. W. PEARSON."
a statement given out by Secretary
Orandon, the trustees point out the ex
cellence of Professor Pearson's services
curing the thirty years he has been con
nected with the faculty and aver that
they feel great regret at the severance
of relations. In regard to his seeking a
letter of dismissal from the" church. Pro
fessor Pearson said:
Pri'fcssor Pearson also asked for a let
ter of dismissal from the Methodist Epis
copal church. The letter was given, but
afterward was recalled, as its possession
by Dr. Pearson would indicate that he
was in jjood standing in the church. Tho
professor is to continue in charge of his
class until a successor is found and bis
salary is to "continue until Januarv 1.
1303. His letter follows:
CHICAGO. Teb. 12.— Professor Charles
\V\ Pearson, whose recent utterances
against the infallibility of certain por
tions of the Bible occasioned wide com
ment in Methodist church circles, to-day
resigned as professor of English litera
ture at Northwestern University. The
resignation, it is stated, was voluntary.
The battle, which was one of the most
desperate in the history of mountain war
fare, occurred between 4 and 6 o'clock this
evening at Lee Turner's "Quarter House"
saloon, three and a half miles from Mid
dlesboro. Last month some mules and
other goods of Turner's were levied on
in payment for a debt and a few nights
ago, it is allege'J, he, with others, went
to Virginia, where the property had been
taken, secured what was formerly, his
and returned to tho "Quarter House."
To-day Deputy Sheriff Wat Thompson
summoned a posse of ten or fifteen men
for the purpose of arresting Turner at his
saloon. Tne Louisville and Nashville
Railroad refused to convey the officers to
the saloon and they walked through the
mountains. Turner had heard that an at
tempt would be made to arrest him and
he and his men, fifteen in number, gave
the officers a warm reception. The saloon
¦was well suited for an attack like this.
It was built of logs and was surrounded
by a thirty-foot fence in which loopholes
were cut so that the inmates could shoot
at outsiders. ¦ , . „,
Turner's surrender v/as demanded. His
reply was a round of shots. Charley
Cecil of Middlesboro was riding a pony in
plain view of the Turner men. Some one
raised a window of the loghouse and shot
Cecil, who fell dead. Instantly the man
at the window fell back, pierced by half
a dozen bullets. Then the firing began to
earnest. The officers scattered and, hid
ing behind trees, poured a galllng^nie
into the mountain fortress. In the fight
John Doyle, a railroad man, was shot m
tb The tt ?own men gathered closer around
Turner's place, undaunted by the shots
which whizzed around them. As soon as
Cecil was killed his companions deter
mined to burn Turner's rendezvous, and
in the midst of the battle a mail » app led a
torch to an exposed side of the building.
Soon the building was in flames. Several
of the mountaineers came to the window
and were Immediately shot down. Ohe
members of the posse surrounding . the
barricade were determined to let none es
cape. Lee Turner and several of , his
friends, however, in some manner escaped
and he Is now at the Mingo mines, fight
miles from Middlesboro. Several of his
men perished in the names. •
All sorts of rumors are afloat to-night,
one being that five Turnerites were killed
by the rifles of the attacking men and
that five more perished in the flames. It
is also believed that the posse lost more
men than one, and that some of the AUdr
dlesboro fighters may now be lying deau
or dying in hollows surrounding the
"Quarter House." Some of the deputies
came in to-night with their • rifles over
their shoulders. They state that half the
men are still at the "Quarter House and
that they will return with reinforcements.
It is feared that the trouble Is not at an
Turner is not a man who is easily
cowed, and it is believed that he will or
ganize a band and avenge the deaths of
his friends and the cumins of his saloon.
Turner is a brother of "Wild Bill Tur
ner who was killed some years ago. luc
"Quarter House" is known far and wide
because of the number who have been
killed within its confines. Placing to-day's
number of deaths at six. . fifty-nine per
sons have been killed there and- twice that
number wounded. • ¦
MIDDLESBORO. Ky., Feb. 12,-Slx
men are dead and as many more are dy
ing as the result of a battle between offi
cers from Middleboro and ' mountaineers.
Youn g Brazilian Ma kes , . His
Record Trip Near Monte
Carlo.-
Will Be Compared "With the
Ones That Fit Robinson's
Revolver.
Northwestern University Fac
ulty Receives His
Resignation.
"Rogue's Comedy" an Alcazar
Hit— Tivoli to Essay "The.
Serenade."
Mountaineers Fight Desper
ately in a Blazing
Portress.
Senator Holds Controlling In
terest in the Traction
Company.
Court Commissioner Babcock
Cites Him to Appear
for Contempt.
Theaters Are Pr esenting
Entertainment of
First Order.
Leaden Pellet Extracted
Prom Footpad's
. Back.
Six Men Killed in a Ter
rific Battle With
% Officers/. •
Defiantly Walks Away
to Avoid Answering
a Question.
Battle for Los Angeles
~ Franchises Is but
Commenced.
Monaco's Ruler Bruised
During, Sahtos-Du
moht Trials.
Professor Pearson Cre
ates New Sensation
in Chicago.
KENTUKIANS
FALL IN DUEL
CLEVER PIECES
FOR PLAY-GOERS
DANIELS LEAVES
WITNESS STAND
WOODS RELIEVED
OF PISTOL BALL
CLARK TO FIGHT
IN THE COURTS
AIRSHIP ROPE
HURTS A PRINCE
LEAVES CHURCH
AND COLLEGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY -13, li)OJ.
9
GBAPE-inTTS.
MANDARIN OF THE
Precious Ruby Clasp.
!
An Illustrious Chinese mandarin was
put on the famous American food, Grape- '
Nuts, and he and his wife cured of stom-
ach and kidney trouble and heart dis-
order after he, In particular, had been
pronounced by his physician incurable.
His letter is -written by his interpreter
and signed -with his Chinese signature.
It recites: "For three years I was under
th© care of the best physicians in Russia,
Germany, France, America, as well as
my own country. I had tried baths and
water cures almost without number. 1 1
grew worse until finally my physician
pronounced me incurable and I was
doomed to di« in from three to six
months.
"A friend prevailed upon me to change
my food and take up Grape-Nuts. This
I did more to " gratify my friend than
from any benefit I expected, but within
twenty-four hours the results were so
gratifying as to astonish and delight my-
self and family.
"My Improvement continued without re-
lapse until at the end of thred months I
was well and sound, weighed more and
was stronger and had a better appetite
and more perfect digestion than at any
other time In my life.
"Sly wife was also a victim, of serlou3
fitomacb trouble from which she had
suffered for several years. She has been
restored to good robust health by the
use of Grape-Nuts.
"I have recommended It in about half
a dozen families, and it bas never failed
to benefit. I will be pleased to reply to
all letters having stamped envelope en-
cosed." Pak Gaw Mun. Mandarin of the
Ruby Button, member of the Literati,
magistrate of the Order of the Manchu-
rlan Crane. Order of the Girdle of the
Jade and Precious Ruby Clasp, servant
to his Imperial Majesty, the Son of
Heaven, etc., etc.
His Interpreter and secretary, E. Per-
civale Baker, adds to the letter: "I am
familiar with all the facts related by
Professor Pak and know them to have
been moderately stated. I also, arid-.jtny
family, have received much benefit from
the use of Grape-Nuta." j
APVEBTTSETyrRNTS.
KIDNEY JROUBLES; :
Mis. Louise M. Gibson Says
r rhat This Fatal Disease is
Easily Cured by Lydia E.
jpinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. _^
•? Dear Mrs. Pestkham : — I felt rerr
discouraged two years ago, I had suf-
fered so long with kidney troubles and
other complications, and had taken so
much medicine without relief that I
began to think there was no hope for
me. Life looked so good to me, but
what is life, without health ? I wanted
to Ibe well.
MRS. LOUISE M. GIBSON.
"Iiydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
ta'ble Compound cured me and made
me well, and that is why I gladly
write you this, and gladly thank you ;
six bottles was all I took, together .
with . your Pills. My headache and.
backache aad kidney trouble went,
never to return ; the burning sensation
I" had left altogether; my general
health was so improved I felt as young
and light and happy as at twenty.
.—Mes. Louise Gisson, 4813 Langley
Ave., Chicago, I1L — $5000 forfeit If aim*
testimonial Is not genuine.
If you feel that there is anything at
all unusual or puzzling about your
case, or if you wish confidential advice
of the most experienced, write to Mrs.
Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., and you will
be advised free of charge. Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
has cured and is curing thousand i of
, cases of female trouble. ...THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,: FEBRUARY 13, J 902.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO . CALL. j
"nUSUTESS OFFICE «c-f'..Thp Kan Francisco
Csl!. corner of Market and Third streets; open
i:r;t;l rj o'clock: esrrr r.igUt in, the y.>ar.
¦BRANCH OFFICES — :."7 Momaomery ttreet,
ftmMM I <"lay;optn tiiuil 9:30 p. m.
..UX> naves street; .-.per. until "J:30 r- m. . '.
t'.3S McAilis:*r ftreet: open until »:30 p. m.
n:r. LarVia «;r'-*>t: open until !«:30 p. in. .
•?<! Iliafjon ttrest; o;»en until 10 o. m.
-Wl Market ttreet. corner. Sixteenth: open
ua'il 3 p. m. ¦ - ,
• :oc El^v^ijth Etr^-t: open until O p. m. -' _ ;
7 COG Valencia street: ooen until 9 p. m. - j
Noitlmest corner Twer;ty-s«cond and Ken-
t«i ky stre+t.*: open until 9 p. in. !
??fl0 Pilimorp ytr<»et: coen until 9 p. m.
MEETIXtt NOTICES.
A BUSINESS meeting of Terba i-i
Huena Chapter No. 1. Rose Crolx. I I
A. a.nd A. S-ot«sh P.lte of Fr««=- —^£~~! •
tiafcnrj'. ¦ wi!I •!*? l^eld in -Com- "~Kt~~^ ;
jr.andery Hall. ¦ Masor.ff Tempi". j>| |
on THUR5PAY EVENING. Feb- ]< j ;
r.:ary IS. 1902, at 8 o'clock. I / I
HENRY BURNER. Sec. __}——S
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— m
Pr-ecial rneeUrs THIS (THURSDAY) J^
"VFTNFNG 7:30 ©"clock. Mark Mas- ff/C !
¦ ter degree. By order of the H- P. * I
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary. !
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. I. F. and A. ¦
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _|\^
'EVENING. Feb. 13. at 7:30 o'clock. jJJK
Fim df-ffrse. By order of the Master. * ' <
FHAXKLIN" II. .DAT. Secretary. ¦ j
FIDELITY Lofige No. 120, F. and A. • j
¦M.— Special meeting THIS (THURR- Jfo- I
DAT) EVENING at 7:U0 o'clock. jS3\
FirM. ov>gree. Masons cordially in- ' »
vit?d. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK CARRY. Secretary.
cnOCKETT~Lodge~No. 139. F. and A. »
M. — Officers- nnd members are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our j£jt
.Weared broth?r. EI.FERT KNOP. 'V>
on FRIDAY, the 14th. at 1:30 p. ra. By
ordor of Ore W. M.
II. FORTKIEDE. Secretary.
i«~>KIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— ft
Social meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _A.
KVENING'at 7:"0 o'clock. First de- 7S.T
frroe. Masons are invited. By order » »
<¦>' the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
VKRBA BCENA Lcdffe No. 15. I. ,s»**B2fe*
0. O. F.— Fraternal vipit to Pa-
: «ific Lodr<? No. 1^5 on THURS- : ??^S%Sr
DAY EVENING, Feb. 13. 1902; ' //r "^
j members mfet in Memorial Hall at 8 o'clock
*harp: every member is earnestly reqacttcd
to attend. I
V.-IL.L.IAM P. HUMPHREYS. N. G. 1
w. \V. CROSS, Recording Secretary. '.
JVKOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. --m;»*?-x |
".VJ. 1. O. O. F. Ir.'tlation THIS &*&Z*!%Z- '<
" iTHURSDAY> E VEXING. Feb.
" 1". Visitors wekome. ¦ «<«!fll«Br
L. H. KAUFFING. ?«. G. |
THK P. F. ' Scottish Thistle Club A Osjj
• td^Is THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3V, £k#2 !
iXG. Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell !
" Nt.. at S o'clock. Business of im- '*fc3E9 1 <t
l>ortance. By order.
GEORGE MII.I-ER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE FULLERTOX. Recorder.
ASSOCIATED VETERANS of ihVTTTX !
"Mexican War. — Regular monthly ?JC&.*
meeting next THURSDAY. February -WPS-
13, at ii r. m. A full attendance is requested.
W. C. BCKXETT. President.
. WM. L. DUNCAN, gecretary.
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent
¦ Association — Assemble in your hall, RSiiJsJ
, 507 Putter St.. THURSDAY. Febru- «B«$Ks?
¦r.ry 13, at 1:30 p. m., to attend the «?£3JS
¦ funeral of your late brother. AX-
TOXE TOMASICH. Kines for non-attend-
ance. By order of
B. M. BURIN. President.
:. P. SAULOVICH, Rec. Sec.
N. B. — Military section is requested to ap-
l->ear in -full uniform.
J. M. RUSSELL. Captain.
V. BOGDAX. First Sergeant.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of thr" Honolulu Plantation
Company will bp held at the office of tLe
company. :<27 Market st., in the city and
rounty of £-an Kranciscc. State of Calif or-
- nia. on WEDNESDAY, the 26Ui day of
February. ]9':2, at the hour of 11 o'clock
¦ a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year,
fini for the transaction of such other b::s'- :
n»£F as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, F'-h-
ruary 15, J9i>2. at 12 o'clock m.
__^ H. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL meetir^ — Thp reruiar annual meet-
ing of the stockholders cf the Matson Navi-
gation Company wii: b; held at the office of
the company. 327 Market Ft.. In the city and
county of San Francisso. State of California,
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1902.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. fcr the pur-
pose cf electing a board of directors to serve
. . fcr the ensuing year and fcr the transaction
cf Euch ether business as may come before
the meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY— The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the Kil-
auea Surar Plantation Company will be held
at the office of the company. XJ27 Market et..
'.n the city and county of San Francisco.
Stete of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February, 1902. at the hour of 11
"'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
1 Beard of Directors to serve for the ensuing:
year and for the transaction of such other
r>usine<?s as Tnay come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close or. Friday. Febru-
ary 14. 1&C2, at :i o'clock p. m.
H. TV. THOMAS. Secretary. ,
\ AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Do you v.-ant something- more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
¦tnce? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTOKXKYS AT. UW.
R. TV". KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
CIS; all cases: damages.' estates, will?, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; lec£l papers . drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve'E; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy: collections;
attachnipnts: mortffageK:bills of eale;partner-
. .ships: <3e^d*: wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :quick; quiet;
ro rharpp without success: established 16 yrs
• O. TV. HOWE. S50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. TV.
TV. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S.CLARK. Emma Spreckels blde.,927 Mar-
sc: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOO KLS XEW AXD OLD.
J3OOKE of all kinds bought: librarie? purchased
H. f. Holmes. 1148 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEX is selling: EUREKA~BICYCLET~fastl
'^» things out; agency Columbia,
Monarfli; others; repairing, etc. 301 Larkin.
BISIXESS CHAXCES. ~
A— $650; CORNER saloorTon "choicest parPof
Montgomery et. ; place pa>-lng; first-class;
good fixtures: large stock. For particulars
Fee R. Q. TVILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
$S50 — HOME restaurant and delicatessen store;
2 rooms: rent $30; near Geary and Leaven-
- worth sts.; a good paying business; rare
f-hanw for man and wife. Apply R. G.
WILKE. 26K Kearny st,
A— fSOO; DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Hayes st.; rent *20; lii-ing room*; good
busiECEs. Call R. G. WILKK. SC^ Kearny.
A— J450; RESTAURANT on Fourth. et.. close
to Market: rent $30; good paying business;
value in sicht. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'4
Kearny st. '
A— $3000; DRY coods and notions store; beet
location; stock will Invoice the price; sickness
compels owner to leave the city. Call R. G.
TVILKE. 26 \L Kearny st.
A — $750: SALOON established years; close to
Kearny and Bush sts. Call R. G. TVILKE
26&' Kearny ct.% :
A — $450; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth «t.; rent $25; dally receipts about
. .S2S; owner to leave for Nevada. Cal R. G.
. V.'ILKE. 2614 Kearny et.
A — $«00; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
1 heaters; a business clearine at least {200
per month. Call R. G. TVILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
?400; stock at invoice; location can't be Tseat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Bt. "
A-^*eO0; COFFEE saloon und restaurant; es-
' lablished sears; first-class paying; located
Wose to Chronicle buIldinK:^- bargain; call
soon. R.; O. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny at.
A— HOTEL v-itli flret-class bar; 57 rooms: o*n-
noSLra^o!; the c>ty: $C50 °-
A— CIGAR Riand on Third st.; this if a bar-
galn: glgr.. UOHLFS CO., 41 Third Bt.
yon sale — Kaloon in Mission: Fold on account
RogLrTcbfri.^ird^ a ' n: PriCC $4 °°-
FOR tale — Saloon on Market st. ; transfer cor-
ner; well etocked. HOHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
FOR Rale — Saloon on East st.: first- class- lon«r
lea**. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A— f250; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
• young m«n satisfied with $18 to $25 a week-
no .experience required; trial givf-n . before
buying. 25 Geary St.. room 4. .
A — THIRTT <-tear stands that net $2 50 to 18
daily. Ask C. L. HEDGES, 4C2 Farrctt bids.
PARTNER w-ith f200 for moving picture
' efaoxr; (50 « ««ek guaranteed. Box 3957. Call.
JOSEPH^TUAUB. ]
S50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. <
R?al Kstata Acent. < )
Property bought and sold. }
nenU collected. ' ! c
Loans .negotiated. I j
• . ,. . . . ,
Lerlttrrate Hus!neys | 1
Agent. , j
Do you want 1e *»11 your bur1ne*s or do you ! ,
•want a partner fcr legitimate business call on j ,
above- addreE*. - '__ j \
HEALY & CARR. phor.e James 2771. | j
C Eddv st.. rooms IS and 19. :
Hotel?, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery i
stores, cigar storcr, ranches, oil lauds, lease*, j
; Money to loan on any of the above. j
FOR eale — Old-established saloon, half orj ]
whole; first -class location: must be sold at
once. MoBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market St.;
phone ReJ S433. " J_ •
WANTED — Partner with $500 In good busi-
ness: money can be [>aid back In one month;
no experience; no risks; Investigate. L., ! I
room 218. Emma Spreckels building. j
RESTAURANT— Must sell this week; receipts ; 3
S20 a day; connected with 50- room housp; in-
vestigate. M. Turman & Co.. 4:JO Parrott bldg. ;
STANTON &~LIL.Lii?7 777*4 Market: tel. Black I
4487 — Buy, sell and exchange lodging-houses i •
and business places in all parts of city. j '
CIGAR sUnd for sale. 1416 Market St., $300; j •
one of the best in cltj\ < '
IX>R eale — Route on this paper In business part • -
of city. 1S30 Market st. j J
WANTED— Party with from $2000 to $3000 ' •
to invest in a new business; profits 200 per j J
cent; no competition: will stand the closest '•
investigation: no one but those who meanj '
business need answer. Box S959. Call. I t
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula- j i
tion is the safest and most profitable ever •
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per i
rent: explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.. I •
Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton st. j .
FOR SALE: — Half Interest in established busi- I -
n«?ss college; any terms to practical school i i
teacher with common K»nse: only such need j
apply. Address box 3CS2, Call office. j j
A^ BARGAIN— Grocery, branch bakery and |
bar: two living rooms; established 1C vears; [ •
doing good business; cheap rent; must sell <
on account of sickness. Call 901". Mission St. j
SALOON, corner lot, property, stock and fist- j •
ures for Kale or rent: opposite railroad depot
in Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL. I '¦
Paso Roble?. Cal. ["
RESTAURANT: great sacrifice; good trade: i
KOlng: to Europe on account of sickness.
Box 3C34, Call. >-,
$350 BUYS a delicacy store, with lunch and i
living rooms connected; no opposition. Par-
ticulars box S673. Call office. .
$500 — CIGAR store at Point Richmond; a bar-
gain. G1BB & CO.. Eastyard P. O. '.
SALOON for sale on Third st.. bet. Market and
Mission; price $1400. Box 3901, Call.
$350 — SACRIFICE: old-established downtown
lunch house. Owner, box 36S3. Call.
PARTNER for restaurant doing good business, j
For particulars, 1547 Mission st.
$1000 WILL buy best-paying small drug store. J
Inq. JOHN CALVBRT/ Col. Phys. & Surg. |
tCOo — FOK Eale: the Palace Restaurant. Val- j
lejo. Cal :¦ (treat chance. P.O. box 2T5. Vallejo.. I ',
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 I
Valencia st. ¦ . • |
LOOGIKG-HOVSES FOR SALE. j
120 ROOMJToiTsansome stTTTTTTTTrr. . . . 17*2000 j
100 rooms on Howard et 1500
S4 rooms; Howard st 400 j
44 rooms; Stockton .st 211MI j
32 rooms; Grant ave 3000 1
•'5 rooms on Fourth st $1000; good paying i
16 rooms on Sixth st S750; all full ;
14 rooms on Pine st 5700; transient |
:!S rooms on Powell St.... $3200; good location
22 rooms on Powell st $1500; good location I
10 rooms on Geary st ...$1100; flne house I
» rooms on Sixth Et $350; good and cheap j
! 10 rooms on Mason st.$T50; any time: all full s
60 more houses on list: . ;
McBRlDE & CO.. 705 Market St. !
A— Near the Call buildings. *
Telephone Black 1-S-0-.". i
MARION GRIFFIN, 71U Market St.. rms. 1-2. j
Money to loan or> lodg- j
jnK-hcuses or on real
estate. Bis free list of lodging-houses at my I
office. All lor saU en easy terms. Please cail. i
SAMPLES NORTH OF MARKET. j
14 r.; corner; rent #40: elegant $950
50 r. ; corner: rent ?100: clears $150 28U0
40 r. ; 1 Koor: "0 windows on 3 streets; |
rent only $75; 5-year lease: respectable. 2S00 i
20 r. ; 2 floors; rent $50; fine bay-wind.. 1050
1- r.; 2 floors; rent §3U; clears .\35 mo.. 300
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market st 1028 Market st
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
20 rooms; rent SCO; this house is a money-
maker; price $1050. part cash.
31 rooms; rent $100; offices; a No. 1 location;
part cash; price $2100.
44 rooms; rent $100; new furniture and car-
pets; 2 floors; part cash; price $1000.
29 rooms; rent $75; offices; Market st. ; part
cash; price ?1400.
H. C. DECKER 1020 Market St.
French Spoken. i
Get Our Bargain List Before Buying.
24 rooms: Geary; owner sick; bargain. .$1750
30-room hotel and bar; rent $125; snap. 2000 !
38 rooms ; Market st 2000
1 4 rooms ; owner retiring 350 j
17 rooms; Sixth St.; only 750 \
21 rooms ; rent $45 ¦ S50
J9 rooms; transient; make offer •
20 rooms; Turk st: transient; Just listed 1000
SPECIAL.
This office will be closed until Monday —
17lh-
RETSLOFF & CO., 906 Market, st.
A— McDANIEL, SKIRM & CO.. "
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2511.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
14 rooms, newly furnished: clears $00; Al
location: on Market st. : only $1700.
S3 rooms; elegant corner on Geary: Eelcct
' roomers only; modern building; must fell.
18 rooms; transient; clears $1CO month; cen-
trally located; two rooms pays rent; good
. furniture.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
S50 Market et (Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
' Reliable dealers Is rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
i, New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If ycu have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to "sell, list with us; buyers call: we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A — FOR sale, lodging-house of 32 rooms; on
Third Ft.; this is a bargain. ROHLFS CO..
41 Third St.
WANTED— Lodging-houses. ROHLFS CO.. 41
Third st.
A — NOTICE — We ¦ have rooming-houses, all
Eizes and prices. In all parts of the city: get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
14 R. — Velvet carpets, elegantly fur. : worth
$3000: sell less than $2000 cash. 3701. Call.
SPIRITUALIS3I.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak fai-e to face: seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p.m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. ,T. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings,- $t;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.-
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
. turn to-night. 605 McAllister, 10c; come,
skeptics:
A — PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st.: readings dally,
50c and $1; circle every night, 10c.
A— MRS. GILLINGHAM'S ppiritual test meet-
Ing. 8 p. m., ]0c. 305 Larkin; ques. read.
MRS. EBERHARD'S anniversary test meeting
to-night, 3250 Twenty-second, 10c.
MRS. VALEEN. medium and palmist, will
. guide you right: 50c. 1583 Market, near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE. 828 El'lFsT readings dally;
phone Polk HJ01: seance Sundw^-' and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M^vcr: sittings daily; test to all to-night: 10»r.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A . 7Zf77. 50c— 50c — 50c. .... ...„ —X
PROF. BROCKWAY. Prof. Brockway,
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough.
Offers for a short time only readings at ths
above fees lo all presenting this clipping at
- his office and residence, between the hours of -
- 10 a. m. and S p. m. dally; Sundays. 10 a. m.
lo 12 p, m. ,
Scientific -and Expert Life Reader.
. Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,
Inteiest manifested in' each individual case,
round advice and counsel are not equaled in
this city at any figure. Piof. Brockway tells
you what' you want to know, eliminating all
uninteresting features And not tiring- you
wltn matter* entirely. Irrelevant to tlie case
in hand,- -as has been the case in readings
you hive had in the past. Prof. / Brockway
reads, your - past, present and future.. -. .
2 50c— OOc — COc.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 120<J Mar-
ket et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
. 26: take elevator. Perfect catisfactlon guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet i
•with special terms. Dally and Sunday. .• j
ISMAR. - the . Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist;. permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite. Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m •
to Sj>. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. - J
CT.,ATIt.VOVA?VTS» Conflnnfrt. ' j
MMB."m. BERNARD. ~
THE FAMOUS j
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently 1
located at 17 Third Et., next Examiner, .hide- I
She reaJs your lif* correctly.- elves an accurate !
a-^scription of tho past, revrals th<» present hap- I
peniugs and portrays events tu occur in the fu- }
ture. If you. are in trouble, discontented, un- j
happy or not satisfied !n life, or have domestic, i
love or business trouble?,' consult this great me-
dium and you will be toltl how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in ail affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed.. T<»l. Black 4i>«9. •
MME. ARN'DT, the great clalrvoyant.tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret: ahows jiicturo future husband or wife;
f»»e 25c and up: satisfaction to .everybody?
open Sundays: hours. 10 to 8 p.' m. 215',-i 6th.
A — MISS M. WILLET a2CA Ellis; clairvoyant.
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.: full names: 50c-$l ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana:
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna Etr, nr. 4th.
MRS/MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
MRS. LA VON wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 50c. $1. 234VJ, Sixth st. " .
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 23c; gents r.0c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
50c, $1— Prof. Weller, clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader ;mail orders ;stamp for clrc. 1007 }A Mkt.
MRS.MALLORY. 917uloward, callrvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
iias removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farreil.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth at. .
CAUPKT BEATIXG A.\"D CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-bsat-
ing Work?, 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cknning,
renovated, relald. 101 14th st. : tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Co.. 402 Sutter St.; i
tel. Main 3*.H. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH &. CO.. carpet-beating works; prices i
reasonable. 1703 Harrison ft.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleanins Works,
3*Kl Golden Gate ave. ; Jelephone East 126. j
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno- j
vatlng Co.. 240 14th Et.; tel. Mission 74. .
COLLECTION OFFICES. j
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, tith !
floor. 1UG Market St. : advice free. Tel. Bush j
194: able body of attorneys. }
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES . TCI LET. ¦•
SUNNY, 5 rooms; gas and bath; large base-
ment and yard; $10. lll'J Vallejo; key 1121 ',£.
DENTISTS. j
A — DU. T. S. HIGGIXS. «27 Market st.. Emma
Spreckels bltlg. — Painless dentistry at reatr.n- ]
nble prices; pure sold fillings, SI 50; other flll-
ings, 51: gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
rlates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $!> up.
Painless extraction.
I Co first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes fir bent crowns. p!ate.«. bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless nu-thed: 20 years'
experience; no students : advice free; pricjs
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
EI.KCTRO-DKNTAL CLINIC. SOU Market, cor.
<tli. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
l»Esly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. SJSU
up; office hours. 0 a. m. to 0 p. m.; Buudays.
1» to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Par.'ors. G Turk st.. cor.. Mason —
Kxpert i>ainle»s extractors: skilled operator*;
gas given; lady attendant. R.C.ANDERSON.
D. D. S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 years: crowns. $¦". ri0:fillings.50c;
plates" £5 full set: all wcrk painless and war-
ranted. Chicajro Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
i.nbrea!cable bridge: both warranted lifetime;
crown. $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Oth.
P.*RIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Burn —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. S3: filllns«:. 50c.
DR. E. P. PHEPARD. 14 Geary et.; expert
workmanship only: reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. S15 : «i Geary.noLark'.n— Paln-
l«r* ext.. SOc: plate" K5 un: phone Polk 1 135.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
FBKNCH accordeon and knife pleating. WE
PILGER. 121 Post, over' O'Connor & Moffat.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. dog soap ¦« by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golrl«*n Gate ave.- !
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S
.NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work: thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. : experienced teachers:
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 123G Market Ht.— Big
school because it's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 2C0 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week^ ¦
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
nil subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM. :an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law • and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. .Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
-.TARR, expert accountant, 210 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlning.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 18(54. Van
der Naillen School, J13 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
' new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall 414 Mason st.
PIANO lessons by lady teacher; homes visited
if desired; $;t month. Address box 3906. Call.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 5Cc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
SPANISH,French, etc. Prof. DeFilllppe' sA cademy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dl871;ablestprofs.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. - 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, JJ02 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 ¦ mo:
iLLUSTRATWN~PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., S. F.;
founded 18C3; new SO-page catalogue free.'
KMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 12XJ Page. cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main l!?07. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand JapanPEe-Chlnese Emp.Office, 415 Stock-
ton: tel.. Grant 168; expert, reliable. help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
ESIPLOYMEXT " WASTED FEMALE.
FI RST-CLASsT^elilbleV" artistic ~ dressmaker
desires sewing by the day. Address bex
; yCU2._ Call office. - , ; ¦
GIRL, wishes situation to do cooking or general
housework;.- is a tirtt-class cook. ..Call at
1142 Howard Ft.
i PROTESTANT woman wishes a position to ,dO j
rooking/and small wash; country preferred.
2C7 Minna st. ' . .,-¦¦• '
A NEAT young girl to do light housework.
i * Ta ' 1 aJtcr II o'clock at 147 Erie st. .£.;
YOUNG girl wishes situation for second work
and waiting; references. 131 Wildey. -
WANTED — By a lady with a girl 9 years, a
lwsition* as working housekeeper to elderly
. oouple' or widower with children. Address
, box 3C41, Call.
RELIABLE' woman wishes work by the day
washing, ironlns and housecleaning. 685
• Seventh st. -
WANTED — Situation as companion or house-
keeper to elderly tady'by widow with daug-
ter 10 years old. Box 3684, Call office.
REFINED young lady wishes position as sec-
retary or companion to invalid: some experi-
ence. Winchester Hotel, room 656. ' ' ¦
EXPERIENCED maid accustomed to travel;
best city referencea. * Box 3680. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Jlar-
j ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. _^__
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A YOUNG man lately from Sweden wants
situation; is used to horses: will do any
kind of respectable work. Address box 3675.
Call office.
GERMAN, 38 years old, married, wishes situa-
. lion as saloon porter: good references; wages
$25 to $30; handy all around. Address box
! 33"5. Call office.
BARKEEPER, good experience and reference,
j wishes steady position; city or country; not
I afra *d of work. Box 3700, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an assistant pharma-
| cist of 6 years' experience; good references,
j Address "PILLS." 152S Polk st.
(.STOUT young man wants work of any kind;
i good references. Address W M., box 3&03,
j Call office. t _
\ PORTER, help tend bar; city or country. Box
I q6»3. Call office. ¦
J TOUNG man who is desirous of learning elec-
! Irlca! and civil engineering would like posi-
tion with some good establishment. Box
:;699, Call office. ¦
•A YOUNG Frenchman who can speak Spanish
and Ensrlish wishes situation In private fam-
ily to wait at table. Address S. J.. 519
Jackson st.
YOUNG mechanic with brains is open for po-
| Rition to take charge in machine shop or
commercially on road. Box 3047, Call office.
i STEA'DY man wants work: chores about house;
handy with tools: generally useful, etc. : ref -
erences; small wages. R. G., box 3207, Call.
POSITION as porter, wrapper or assistant
packer -by March 1. Address N.- LINTON,
435 & Minna st. !
BUTTER-MAKER from East wants position
in creamery; 5 years' experience in operating
creameries. Box 'MS~, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS flange turner and general boil-
ermaker wishes situation out of San Fran-
cisco; eood" reference and Is now working.
Apply Steady Work, 500 Kearny Bt.
A YOUNG man of previous experience who de-
pires to finish trade would like work as
~ helper in retail candy factory. Address L.
S.. 205 Third St., room J5O
YOUNG man desires a position as bookkeeper:
hap a ' knowledge of stenography. Address
box :!21U, Call.,
EXPERIENCED invaljds' nurse wants posi-
tion; reasonable: gocd reference. SIO Tele-
graph ave., Oakland. .
A' YOUNG' man Just from Switzerland wants
work of any kind, city or country: Is
handy with horses. A. T.. 621 California »t.
YOUNG man full of eood hard wcrk desires
position in v.holesale house. Box ,?o70. Call.
JAPANESE boy', gentle and honest., wishes po-
sition as a schoolboy. D. TAKIMURA, SO"
Polk st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position at
housework or to assist in cooking. Box u002.
Call office.
JAPANESE wants to wait at table and do
housework. 1020 Larkin St.: tel. Larkin 1831*
CLAS&IF1KD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore nt
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia Et. * ¦¦' •
¦' ' TliXTS TO LET.
A — ELEGANT, new, sun every room, hand-
some tiling, nickel plated -open plumbing, 2
gas grates, facing Golden Gate Park, marine
view, social, dance room, 5 and C rooms:
take Geary. McAllister or Sutro cars: 753
'.-> 765 Sixth ave.. near Fulton st. A. M.
SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st.
A— 509 to 529 Frederick St., ne* Stanyan —
Swell new flats: 5 to 8 rooms; low rent.
A NICE 3-room sunny flat, with water, in the
rear of 1306 Powell St.: rent $9.
NICELY furnished sunny 8-room flat for sale.
324 Ellis st. .*
$22 50— 1226% SACRAMENTO St.: 7 rooms and
bath: fine view.
$27 50— MODERN, sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath;
yard and basement. 1223^ Guerrero st.
FLATS TO 'LET FURNISHED.
$25—1517 GOLDEN GATE 'ave.V'mlddlTTlatr^
•rooms;- piano; pantry, garden, etc. $15 —
Lower flat, 2 rms.. pantry; water free: 1 to 4.
NINTH. 404 — Nice flat of 7 rooms and bath.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished modern flat of 7 rooms
or 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms within S blocks
of Emporium. Address box 3956. Call office.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services: good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 326 Post st. -
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
< FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A NICE sunny 4-room flat to let; furniture for
sale; large yard. 1839^ Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.", pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
~~~~~
D. & F. BLACK suede gTo^eTbMrin^thTworTd;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO/..'l ."^oneTMa'ln' 1575
...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Two waitresses,, city, $25; 2 waitresses,
Coronado Beach, $20, . special rates both
ways; 2 waitresses, Commercial Hotels. $25,
lares paid; 12 waitresses, city and country,
$20 and $25; 4 chambermaids, Southern Cali-
fornia, $20; lunch waitress, $4 50 week, no
Sunday work. ¦ • ,
,¦••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT. .„..'...
25 cooks, house girls, second girls, city and
country places, best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO...:...... 835 Geary
WANTED— Chambermaid and sewing, $20; 2
: German cooks, $30, $35; chamber work and
laundress, $30; 5 second girls, $20, $25; 2
cooks, American families. $30; cook, small
boarding-house, $20; 2 waitresses, institu-
tion. $20; cook. Santa Cruz, $25,. see lady
here; Fresno, $25; 3 watlresses to go south,
$20 and $25; French girl cook, $25; 50 girls
for all kinds of housework, city, Oakland,
San Rafael, good wages. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & eg.; 334 Sutter. -
A PLAIN waitress for Institution, near city;
1 middle-aged woman preferred ; $25, ¦ board.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming and house-
cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
' flee; all klnda help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Officer-Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nere help. 426 Powell.nr.ButterUel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT, reliable woman wishes light housework;
steady place wanted; wages -reasonable
Please call at 770 Folsom St., between Third
nnd Fourth'. . ;
GOOD, ' willing' woman; a great housecleaner,
and can do most any kind of work; good ref-
erences; wages $1 25 day and car fare; good
waaher of flannels. 728 Howard St., room 4.
CAPABLE woman wishes work by day, wash-
ins: ironing, house, or window cleaning:
references. Address SAUNDERS, Call
branch office, 300 Hayes. '
GOOD boarding-house cook, is good laundress,
wishes situation. 210 Third st. -
longing and laundry. W. D. EWER & CO.,
010 Clay st. .... • , .
GIRL who understands general tailoring; also
apprentice; come ready for work. 220 Mc-
Alllster.- ¦ : .. / - * , -
WANTED— Operators on golf and negligee-
shirts, at GREENEBAUM WEIL & MICH-
ELS, 531 Mission st. ¦; -. ' ¦'.-,-, "
. A NEAT, respectable • middle-aged woman,
¦who .-understands the care- of children, light
housework. Inquire Lady Cashier. -43 Third.
WANTED— A girl, over, 18 to take care of
baby, wash dishes. $10; references. Call 1351
.Grove st., between 10, and 12, Thursday.
"W A NT ED — Chocolate and '.' cream dipper. L.
-DEMARTIXI, 112 Front st. ...
WANTED— Manicure and , hairdresser. 1033
Market st. -, a , ; ,v
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and care
' of children'. 1122 Noe st. • *y'r ¦
YOUNG girl for general, housekeeping. 1611
;>BCOtt St. • .¦;...-¦ •• ¦¦¦-, -:- . -,-;'•
GIRL toassist with work; help take eare*of
;V Children; sleep home. $15. HID Buchanan.
j WASTED FEWAtE—Con. '
A TRAIN LNG school for, domestics requires a
cultured energetic woman, tiulck to act and
instruct giris 8 to 14 years "of age. in all
, branches of housekeeping; laundry work' and
dinner serving a special feature: none but a
! ; woman who thoroughly understands such
work aid who is patient and accustomed to
children nee.d apply; hours 1 to 7 p. m. daily
' and 3 evenings . weekly; salary $30 per
-month; must live at home; references. Ad-
: dress G -ntlewoman. . box 3UC8. Call office.
OPERATORS *at Lev i Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory] '32%' Fremont st.;- no experience^
neceesacy; good pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. I DAVIS. C
AN excellent opportunity for a business woman
to take I hold of a remunerative proposition.
Box 390?. Call.- ¦
A LADY } of ' Indomitable energy, possessed of
self -assertion; good opportunity to right par-
• . ty. - F. PERSON, room 412. Tarrott building.
WANTED— Touns woman for plain cooking
and kitchen work; private family. 2900 Bush.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, assist housework, $8.
Apply 1314 Jackson st. ¦ •
¦WANTED — A grirl for general house-work; 3
in family. 118S Elliss^ • . .
WOMAN (to do washing and house cleaning.
1722 Pacific ave., lower door.
A GIRL for light housework and take care of
child. 1632 McAllister. -
WANTED— Girl for cooking and house-
work; no washing. 215 Hayes.
GIRL for light housework and help mind
baby, $3 per month. Call 553 Valencia. ¦ ¦
WANTED — Experienced waist and shirt help-
ers; .no othersneedjappjy^510^Powell^s^__
WANTED— Experienced Ironers. OAKLAND
LAUNDRY CO.. 690 29th St., Oakland.
WANTED — Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear; - experienced only: steady work;
.electric power: eood pay. MARKS BROS..
1212 Market st. -. ¦
WANTED — Experienced operator on woman's
wrappers: steady work; good pay: electric
power. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
GIRLS, be independent — Learn hairdressing In
2 weeks and secure position besides: course
$5; manicuring, massage and hair work in-
cluded: bring ad, worth $125; day and eve.
class. S.F. Hairdressing College,233Geary,r.l5.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 5il
' Market St. - ¦
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on tailoring.
BELASCO fc HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
AMATEUR performers wanted; satary unlim-
ited. Apply at Chutes at 6 o'clock this even-
ing. _,
A GOOD Japanese girl wanted for housework
and plain cooking in a good family. Call at
427 Stevenson st.
GOOD pants finisher. ' j 1000 Harrison St.. cor-
- ner Sixth. .
GOOD maker and apprentice -wanted in milli-
nery store at 692 McAllister st. i- -.
GIRLS from 15 to 17 for factory work; apply
at once. AMES & HARRIS. 1U0 Sacramento.
WANTED— First-class alteration hands on
skirts. A. CAILLEAU, 114-lltt Keamy St.
GIRL for general housework at 117 Bartlett
street. ¦ . ¦
WANTED— A young girl' to assist with house-
. work; sleep home. Apply 837 Ellis St.
A GERMAN woman as governess : state re-
liglon; salary S30. Box 2934. Call.
lst-classr sewers to take work home on ladles',
children's waists, etc. H.FriedIander,338_FelL
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia Et. . ¦
HELP WASTED .MALE.
MURRAY & READyTTTT?. • Phone~Main 5843 j
teadlng Employment Agents
C34-<i30 Clay street '
OFFICE OPEN 7 A.* M
.". laborers for gold mine $W>
Foreman brickmaker, $25; brlcfcmakers. 0
months' job; harnessmaker, ranch: gardener.
country. S33 and found: 2 slack coopers: 5
-farm hands; ."{dairymen; 0 teamsters; fur-
naceman, quicksilver mine; 150 woodchoppers
nnd tieniakers, 75c to ?2 50 cord; man to herd
geese, country. . " .
."! cooks: 5 waiters; 2 porters; kitchen hands.
etc. MURRAY & READY. 034-03U Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
New railroad work Free fare
;...... FOR NEVADA '."
. .10 teamsters .$2 a day
BO laborers *i! a day
r>0 rockmen $- a day
Free fare Ship to-day Free .fare
;... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Walter for hotel in Nevada, $40 to $4."i; head
waiter, hotel. $60; pecond cook, $30; waiter,
$30. for sawmill camp. '
C. R. HANSEN. & CO 104 Geary et.
5 CARBUILDERS, $3 to $3.25 day; ' poultryman
and wife, $50 and found; 3 farmers and
wives, $25. $35 and $'40 and found: man about
place. $30 and found: gardener, $.'55 to $40 and
found: driver for milk wagon; piano player
for country. $1 &0 day and found, fare ad-
vanced ; slack-work cooper j, $35 and found ;
cooks, waiters, bakers and others. J. F.
CROSETT &; CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener {or private place,
near city, I $35 and found ; livery stable man
and drive hack, $40 and found : 2 woodchop-
pers. tools and srub advanced. 4 foot fir,
$125 a cord;- brick burner, . $2 50 a day:
pruner for vineyard. $26; redwood tie and pest
makers. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Office, 310 Stockton st.
Waiter, family hotel, $25: waiter, chop house,
$7 a week; third cook, $35; second cook, $65;
French cook, $75: ranch cook, $25: dish-
washer, $20; Frenchman for nursery. $20; etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
2 .waiters. $30, same country hotel.
WANTED — Experienced dress goods salesman.
| Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
. BROS.' -,
WANTED — Young man experienced in book- !
keeping and. good at figures. Apply between
__8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Honest man with $250: tend cash,
restaurant; $50 month and board; no experi-
ence; snap; come quick. BROWN. 1221 Mkt.
WANTED—^Reliable young man with $65, take
cash and assist in restaurant; $40 month; no
experience. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
PARTNER wanted — A first-class coatmaker in
a well-established business; must be sober
/and energetic man; jnoney not needed. Box
3691, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced, reliable German as
driver for bakery wagon: good wages; state
references. Box 3952, Call office.
YOUNG man under 23 to solicit and collect for
traveling photographer • knowledge of photog-
raphy not necessary. Box 35)58. Call office.
EASY chance to make money; best proposi-.
tlon on the -market; $2 to $10 easily earned
dally; Investigate. 993 Market St., room 1.
WANTED — Steady man with $125 cash; per-
¦ manent place; light work; will. pay $65 per
¦ month. . Apply 765 Market Bt.," room 3. .
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. ] F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott-building. .
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
REIBS BROS., 24 Sutter st. i
BOY wanted at H. RATNB.R'3, -144 Union
.square ave., off . Union square. • . ; -
WANTED — First-class steward at the Palace
of Art. 16 Post st.
YOUNG man of good address to travel. Box
3008. Call office. - : . ,
DENTIST operator; must -be good crown and
bridge workman. . Box 3909, Call.
PLUMBER wanted. 504' Post st.
GOOD. tinsmith wanted at 629 Mission st.
EXPER. lad, 17 to 20, to take charge of cellar
crockery store. 108 6th, . after 9 a. m. ; ref s.
A LUNCH waiter wanted at 560 Howard st.
BARBER shop for sale. -.217. Fourth st. r '
ATTENTION— Ex-vbl. soldiers, for extra pay
- -apply at 630 Market St.. O. E. HOWE. -
A FIRST-CLASS 4-chalr 25-cent shop for sale
• 38 Ellis St.. -•" — .
WANTED — A young, man for bookkeeper; must
• have had experience, write a good, hand, ac-
curate at figures and be able to furnish good
: .references. Address, stating • references, sal-
. ary expected, box-. '«)54, Call office. .-
THE | Pacific - Mutual . Life • Insurance Company
| is ready . to I contract with desirable men to
: Introduce their New Intermediate Policy
throughout . the Pacific Coast.' Liberal con-
tract and good territory. . Apply Intermediate
. Department. Pacific Mutual Life Insurance
Co., Pacific Mutual bldg.. cor. Sacto. & Mont.'
BUSHELMAN wanted.- BELASCO & HARRIS
: ¦ CO.. 041 Market st. . •. -• ' -. ¦
-WANTED— Men to ¦ learn ! barber trade : ' eight
weeks;, tools donated;, situation guaranteed-
catalogue • mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
Experienced sash and door makerj INGLER &
-YOUNG. Fourth and .Washington. ; OakUnd.
EXTRA^ pay now. due U. S. Volunteers. Call
. - or write Sherwood, pension atty., 024 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
60c up: eollnsr 20c ud. 923 Howard »t.. nr. 6th!
HELP WASTED— MALE Con.
WANTED— Recruits for the ™ a '? D ' o ° 0 3 a - J^ '
S. navy; able-bodied, ""married men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and f.jxt
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and real English, for
lurther Information apply at f the Becruitins
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. ¦
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers n In de- j ;
mand: on!y require* 8 weeks; tools dona. ed. .
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St. -
WANTED^LRborera and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor etui
runs Denver House. 217 Third at. ; 150 larjre .
rooms; 25c .>er night: $1 to V per week. ,
McDONALD & PERRY have BOO second-hand
shoes for sale. SOc up. 241 Thira st,
TOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard. J
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3. 40 Phelan ]
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.I..
SAILORS, ordinary, for *h!ps for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stcuart st.
GET your shoes half-so'.edrrbile waiting; Z5c :
to 50c. 5C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL i!ze men's shoes, slightly damaged half .
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d Bts. t
WINCHESTER House. 4-t Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; -
free 'bus and baggage to ana from ferry. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore. •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia st. - j^ '
HoltSES~~lXD WAGONS^
A LOT of Itorses for sale at Arcade Horse ;
Market 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. .
FOR sale— Gentle, stylish riding horse UVi
hands, dark color; also gentle ridins and .
driving Indian pony; cheap. Santa Clar*
Stables, 164 Golden Gate ave. '
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
. gies bought and sold; new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market St., corner Eleventh. •
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission. ;
FOR rale^-1375 Efidy St.; stylish single-footing
saddle horse. ¦
HOUSES TO LKT.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN' & CO.. 14 Montgomery. .
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this Interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND. '
room at). 130 Post St.. Liebes building.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— ?10 reward; on 11:15 narrow-gauge •
train in Oakland, last Sunday, a lady's silk
umbrella; tortoise shell and oxydized silver
handle; monogram H. W. T. on top. Above i
reward will be paid on delivery to cashier at !
Call office. :
LOST — Fox terrier pup, 5 months old; bitch;
reward. 1000 Geary St.. stable.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry -wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. Mrs. Hert 70B Ellis-
MATTRESSES A.VD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
Et.: tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or In trouble call Sc
consult the specialist: the unfortunate helped;
relief In all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
.< of, a delicate nature: all classes of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases in both sexes treated:
blood diseases cured. 10 to :;O days. DR. G->
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladles
before and during confinement; best care;
confinement $15; rm., board. $5 wk. ; infants
adopted: will take 2 to work at my private
resid.. COG Guerrero, nr. lSth: teL Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
:>0 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrel!. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original SIRS. DAVIES
at the old office. 122S Market St.: .10 years'
. experience in obstetric and other cases^
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. ladies' physician;
private home for confinement: babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; uow 112 Mason.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physic larVj 23
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 90C Market St.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHEItB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home: home
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D.' ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladies' -
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union ? qua re: all diseases cured by herbs.
~ MIXING AXD ASSAYIXG.
FOR rale — Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company, situated In Ne-
vada County. 15 miles north -of Auburn: 2
patented claims. 8-stamp quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works: reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
for Inspection. Further particulars from A.
MEISTETt. Sacramento. Cal.
MINES AND MINING.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.; S,
F.: branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE. *
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. JK
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont at.
4-INCH centrifugal pump, with gasoline
engine, all complete $200 1
8 H. P. gasoline engine. -ISO
¦8 H. P. Scotch marine boiler 100
lo-inch engine lathe, complete 150
II. S. WHITE. '516 Mission st.
PHYSICIAN'S electrical office cabinet for
street current or cells: a new and beautiful
design; owner going East and will well at
bargain. Address box 36S6, Call office. '
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-25S Spear st.
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 3S bust; condi-
tion and quality fine; cost originally $23O for
$100 cash; a beauty. Box 394S. Call office.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
nnd pool tables; easy terms or rented. The-
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar. Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Choice canary birds, males and fe-
males. 246 Sixth at., room 14.
NEW Home and Domestic sew/iig machine*
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
SOOOg TO 10,000 feet of 3. 3% and A inch pipe.
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WaU paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhanging, palnt-
lng. Merlgan, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. SOS Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 398 Mission st!
EI 5 ( H££?T, an ' i . boller8: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ;¦¦;- ¦*¦*
SAFES— New and second hand. " THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st!
1S »F" CI £. ASS ?^- hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenso"
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ntc-
. tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post ,t
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. T >
P^TAS^lOfW-fo^eTrb^rlnT^^rr^
flt. n good condition, for cash.* Send fnii
particulars to box 3043. Call office. ¦
W i^ pay »^ sh and KOod P rlccs old seaN
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats- also~Ti>nt,~
iaiaMgEaefiiBBSSS
T '&is? l o5 > ;aai oo tj's;r.-, h ? i !a.' : gg^
i u__^!2i^ V To LOAX.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT ~* *
......... 24 Montgomery st. , room" 3 y.V;;;; ' .
MOTEY Tft LO.4 X Cn-n »«¦ ..»-»
KA.— HANHATTA^r LOAN CO. <Ine.>.
$;;<JO,t:C(.> at 5V- & 0 per cent In sums to salt;
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and »ecurl-
tteit; luans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
, tere^ts in real estate ami legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th. floor. Crocker bid*.
HONEY TO LOAN*.
$1.0CO,C0O at Lowest Rates ,.
1st. 2nd and 3rd Mortgages*
'. " Interest In Estates
..*. Money on Anything
PACIFIC LOAM CO.. «4« Market st-
KSY preposition, any amount: 0 per cent; nr3f.
xecond and third mortsages, estate* in prr>-
tate. interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room IS.
l«t Hoor. Chronicle biz. GEORGE E. OLSEX.
illGIILY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry, a:
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S44
Market st.: teL M,aln lttt-1. Branch 13 Thtnl.
MUNICIPAt. Lean Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1G03.
'
V PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, planon: no removal: low rates; ftrictlT
con. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
KNY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
houst-h'ilrl jto<x!s. without removal ;cenfldentta!.
ORMSB-V.gK Montgomtry st.,opp. Liclc Hous".
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: monejf
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
nre: reliable party. 1170 Market »t.. room O-".
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat*
party: no removal: no commission, jonflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory hid?.. 301 Jones.
DN real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages A on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 027 Market, room C13.
flO UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; privats
party. St. Ann's bids., 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th flr.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, piar.oa: rib removal: no
. commia. confidential. «W?jitehead,1710 Market.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bigg.
i% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no r«-
moval. Thone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
O-. salaries." N. Y. plan: indorsed paper dla-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IK you want a home I will loan you money t»
buy it. A. E. RCDELL. 222 Sansom* st.
ON salaries without Indorser: other propor-
tions. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS monev on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Wntern Loan Co.. 30» Phelan bid?.
MOXEY WASTED^
LOAN' of J700 at 2 per cent; good eecuritj.
Box 3690. Call office. ¦.
11200 WANTED on Oakland property: good se-
curity. Address box 3642. Call office. Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes; tent $2 up, credited if purchased;
installments $3 up; old pianos bought and
exchanged; bargains $25 up in Steinway.
Heine. Chlckerlng. etc.; agents wanted for
Krell. Heine. Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount if you caa
ray S25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianos for J137. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest -orest
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New p'anos sold upon
easy payments of $f> per month: some good
pianos fnr $3. $-1 and $o per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter -its.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
6OHMER & Co7~Pianos.
, BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pi.inc-9. .
HAMILTON Pianos.
i SPEILMAN.N Pianos. !
CECILIAX PIANO PLAYER. :
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAtTZY. SOS-310-312 Post st.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright piaros from $03 up>.
Second-hand square pianos from tZO up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BEXJ. CUP.TAZ A
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
& Hamlic. Vose. Steriins piasoa. . ,
A FINE assortment of good second-hand up-
rights are on hand for you to select from.
The prices are low. the quality excellent. W»
have many new Deckers, "Wissners. Baume'.s-
tera ami others. Payments accepted if you
desire to buy that way. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIfl MUSIC CO., 7(53 Market st.
WE are selling new pianos as good a« bargains
by other houses at $"2."> cut to ?1S3. for $2S.
Tiarsain list of slightly used and second-
hand pianos: squares at S-5 np. ti* Stein-
W»ya at $375. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tima
withtr. 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a pian»
frcm us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
et. ; established ISttX '
A FINE large upright. $150: a beautifully
. rarved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case,
in use only a few months. S275: new pianrxs
to rent. S3 50: squares. $1 50 and $2: Beck-
steirt babv grand, almost new. BOWERS A
EON. 2.1 5th st.. aets for Ivers & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate ca»h
have stored with us for advances lot of strict.
ly high-grade new planes: now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they nrm«-
go; easy payments: other storage uprights $40
np. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
WE have a large shipping order for old squar*
and upright pianos; will buy or exchange.
HEIXE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
OUR pianos. the'Ieading makers: price $100 up-
. ward: value? best in the city. PIERCE' J
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Churcr-.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new mustc store of Tha Wiley B. Allen
. Co.. SSI Market St.
STOCK of pianos turned ifver to me lo bo of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood b\g.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22" Turk st.. n*ar Market^!
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice tull-slzod
modern Kprlsht piano. 433 Golden, Gate ave.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $73 ur>:
ea»y paymts. Fay's Piano House. 172J» Mls»n
STILL renting new pianos. *:: p*-r nrionm.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. SCO Havx st
$175— A RARE chance; fine upright. tfCHMlTZ.
16 McAllister st.. next Hlbemia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLTCR. maker, repairer. C T*ithan pl^c».
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE for rent in Nara — The large stor*
fronting on both Main and Brown streets;
the best located stora in Napa; now occupied
by Thompson. Beard & Sons: will be for
rent on 15th March. Address W W
THOMPSON. Napa, Cal.
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg. 927 Market st • of-
flces with light, heat an<I Janitor. S13 to '$20.
ASHTON A GARDINER. ¦ V '
LOFT, light and airy. 25x100. with water and
5 a o : ?E Ua bIe for light manufacturing; ren:
$18. WM. LOANE. plumber. 4.T0 Fifth st.
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny St.; $!0;
also large store. Keys «3« Clay st.. mom 1.
_ OIL. .
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order: ail
sizes: ch»*r.. H. S. WTTTTK. SIS M'«»'ryi ..r.
AXD DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up: whitenhig~i~UnMnT^ione7
Hartman Paint Co. v 313 3d St.: tsl. Red S52:~
Ps.perlng room. $o up; painting, whitening rea
gonble. Painter. 502 Stanyan: tel. Park 1?.
CHIROLOGICAL College. Branch 2-^-Character
reading and palmistry taught. MRS. WM.
. McMANUS. 731 Guerrero; phone Church 3053.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 toT~TOO
Post St.. corner of Joneg; phone Polk 837.
H. . JEKOME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 513
. Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5»>l .
. PERSONALS. ~~~
AN elegant line of remnants for ¦ultsTto order"
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $l weekly: L. LEMOS. Ill" Marke:
ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
MECHANIC of middle age. having some means!
would like to make the acquaintance al a.
respectable woman from 30 to 40 years of
age; object, matrimony. Box .T9€0. Call.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 so to $fi per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
-nt ty using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The .Designer now ready. J. VV.
E\ ANti, Domestic office, ltd Market. nr.bi!i.
A ~ WHAlr d o you think O. 3KR1IAX. 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order: $1 each:
same as whlta shirts; selecticn SOO patterns.
A CHANCE to make money. I have th»
safest and surest way to win at the ra.-^;
Investigate. MME. BERNARD. 17 Third.
Electrolytic removal of moles and~supert1>u'i;-«
ljalr: permanent; painless; free treatment.
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley. 1702 Mark-;
A— IF your hair is fallinz or von are baldfcall onHOTEL ABBIVALS.
of nee In San Francisco. * . ' . " j
$10,000 reward will be paid to any person who
ever presented one ' of bur prizes at our office j
•nil va tafused Daymen t. * j
The Louisiana Company of San Frau
cisco, Organized; May, 19OO.. '
- Following are • the - lucky : numbers - In the
drawing held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, Sat
urday, February 8, 1902: • ;
No. 28832 wins $7500, sold in San Francisco;
No 24096 wins $2000, sold in San Francisco;
No. 47815 wins $1000, sold in Crockett, Cal. ; No.
45003 wins $500, sold in San Francisco ; : Nos.
73484 and 61535 . each wins $250, sold • in- San
Mateo and San Jose, Cal. v ,
. All genuine tickets of this company have
initials R. G., Co. on; fronts and monogram R.
Q. C. on backs of tickets. . '¦ .
Prizes paid in full without deduction at their
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
are placed before the public from time to time,
we would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to see that their tickets read
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISLA.NA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO,"TDSTAB
v LISHKD . JANUARY, 1887.
Each coupon will bear the initials in large
letters M. & F. on the face of the tickets. .
The following are the capital prizes as decid
ed by the Honduras National Lottery Company
dra-wlng. February 8, 1902: •. ,
No. 28832 wins $7500, sold in San Francisco;
No 24006 wins $2000, sold in San Francisco;
No. 47815 wins $1000, sold in San Francisco;
No. 45003 wins $500, sold in San Francisco;
Nos. 61535 and 73484 each wins $250. sold in
San Francisco; Nos. 5948, 62445, C6092, 70174,
84447 each wins ; $100, sold . in San Francisco
and Oakland. ; ¦ ¦ . • •¦ •
SPECIAL 1TOTICE 1O THE PUBLIC.
The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of 'Francisco, Estab
lished January, 1887.-
OAKLAND, Feb. 12.— Mrs. F. A. Dunn
of Sacramento Is looking for her lost
child, who she says was taken away from
her by people in whose care she intrusted
her offspring temporarily. She asked at
the County Clerk's office to-day if any
child had been adopted lately. There was
no record of such an event.
_ . — «^_ (
Mother Looks for !Lost Child.
OAKLAND, Feb. 12.— The Union Labor
party sent a delegation of its members
to visit the local lodge of the Brother
hood of Railway Trainmen last night to
try and interest them in the new political
movement in this county. The delegation
succeeded in getting a large number of
trainmen to sign their petition.
Railroad Men Join Labor Movement
OAKLAND, Feb. 12.— The residents of
Allendale are desirous of securing a new
school building to accommodate their 115
children, and laid their plans before the
School Trustees of their district last
night. - The result was the calling of a
mass-meeting for February 23 in the Up
per Fruitvale schoolhouse, when the mat
ter will be discussed.
Allendale's People Want School.
OAKLAND, Feb. 12.— The Board' of Po
lice and Fire Commissioners took up this
morning the communication from City
Auditor Breed Informing them why he
returns to them the rejected claims of the
Contra Costa- Water Company. After
considerable discussion the Commission
ers concluded to lay the claims over until
the Supreme Court decides the appeal in
the water case.
Water Company Must Wait.
$4000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF 8ECOND
• CAPITAL PRIZE.
United States. State of Louisiana. Parish of
Orleans. City of New Orleans — ss. .
Personally came and appeared before me.
Edward Rlghtor. a notary public In and for
the parish of Orleans and State of Louisiana,
duly commissioned and qualified, John Suther
land of the Audubon Theater in New Orleans,
who being duly sworn deposes and says that he
In the holder of one-half ticket No. 22.071
kin- the Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery), and that the said
ticket drew the second capital prize of efght
thousand dollars at the drawing held at Puerto
Cortez. Honduras. January 11, 1902, and that
his said ticket was paid to him on presenta
tion. (Signed) JOHN SUTHERLAND.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this
January IS, 1902.
(Signed) EDWARD RIGHTOR.
Notary Public.
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by
president of HWuras National Lottery Com
pany (Louisiana State Lottery • Company).
I am the bona fide owner of one-eighth ticket
No. 2878. class A. of the Honduras National-
Lottery Company, which number won the first
capital prize of thirty thousand dollars at th»
drawing held on January 11. 1902, at Puerto
Cortez. Honduras. C.'A., and I have received
the amount of said prize tn full, thirty-seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
(Slgned> ABE LEPSTEIN.
57 Sumpter street. Brooklyn, N. Y.
Sworn to before me this 17th "day of Janu
ary. 1902. - .
(Signed) M. SALMANOWITCH.
Notary .Public. New York County.
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZI
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
I am the bona fide owner of one-eighth ticket
No. 2878 of the Honduras National Lottery
drawing held at Puerto Cortex. Honduras. C.
A., January 11, 1902. Said ticket drew tha
first capital prize of thirty thousand dollars
and I have received the money tn full.
(Signed) ISAAC SCHNAIDERMAN.'
Subscribed and sworn to before me.
(Signed). M. A. SLOBODKIN.
¦¦-•¦:. V --3 »,-*-' Notary Public
BOSTON. Jan. 27,
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OW
$30 000 FOR $2— WHOLE OF FIRST CAPITAL
PRIZE.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Jan. 18. 1902.
The undersigned herewith Is the bona Mt*
owner and holder of the whole ticket No.
18,392 in the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany, drawing December 14, 1901. which num
ber won the first capital prize of thirty thou
sand ((30,000) dollars, and said ticket was)
paid on presentation.
(Signed) J. B. ROHRER.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13tS
day of January, 1902. SAMUEL PRAGER.
Notary Public in and for the County of Loa
Angeles. State of California.
LOS ANGELES. Cal.. Jan. 28. 1902. — (Tele
gram) — New Orleans National Bank. New Or*
'leans La.: Affidavit John B. Rohrer genutnew
(Signed) FARMERS' AND MERCHANTS'
. , . BANK. 7£u*r->*4i
(Signed) W. S. CABELL. Commissioner.
Witness "my hand at Puerto Cortea. Hon
duras. C. A., this Saturday, February 8, 1902.
The subscriber having supervised" 1 the slngla
number drawing, class "B." Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were this
day drawn from the 100.000 placed In th»
wheel, with the prizes corresponding to them.
090 numbers ending with 32, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,C00 — $8.
999 numbers ending with 86, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of SSOOO— $8.
TERMINAL PRIZES
100 numbers from 2S.7S2 to 2S.882. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $10.000— $40.
• 100 numbers from 24,046 to 24,146. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each aide of the number
drawing the capital prize of $8000— $24.
100 numbers from 47, 765 to 47.863. inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each sld« of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000— $18.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES
February 19. Trinity Church, Oakland, Rev.
J. O'Meara; February 2H.. St. John's. Oak
land, Rev. John Bakewell; . March 5, Church
of the Advent, East Oakland, Rev. Robert
Ritchie; March 12, St. Mark's. Berkeley. Rev.
T J Lacey; March 19, St. Andrew's, West
Oakland. Martin N. Ray; March 26. Christ
Church, Alameda, Rev. . William Carson
Shaw.
OAKLAND, Feb." 12.— Arrangements
have been made by the Episcopal churches
of Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley for a
series of union meetings in the various
churches during Lent. The services be
gan this evening in St. Paul's Church,
when the Rev. George Swan of Berkeley
delivered the sermon. On each succeed
ing Wednesday during the Lenten season
the meetings will be held as follows:
EPISCOPAL PABISHES
' WILL MEET IN UNISON
OAKLAND. Feb.' 12.— Friends of Frank
Maguire, an old boatman, who lived foi
years on the estuary at the foot of East
Fourteenth street, becoming alarmed at
his failure to appear in his old haunts,
instituted a search to-day and found his
dead body lying on the floor, of his cabin.
He is supposed to have been dead at least
a week. The exposed portions of the body
had been badly mutilated by rodents. Be
side the body was found a demijohn of.
liquor and two phials of strychnine. It
was at first thought the old * man had
killed himself, - but ¦ an autopsy showed
that heart disease had overtaken him. A
Coroner's jury to-night found that he
had died from natural causes.
Mystery of His Absence From
His Haunts.
Friends of Frank Maguire Solve the
TIND OLD BOATMAN
DEAD IN HIS CABIN
The rally was not all in honor of the
Carnot debaters, either, as the football
ers and track men came in for a share of
the cheers. J. M. Eshleman, president of
the Associated Students, presided. Colonel
George C. Kd wards told the rooters that
the activities outside the classroom do
more to develop character than those that
take place in it. The other speakers were
Professor L. Du Pont Syle^Wilsie Mar
tin, E. W. Decoto, Jesse Steinhart, C. E.
Martin, H. B. Torrey and ( O. Bard.
OAKLAND, Feb. 12.— The students of
the university got their enthusiasm, and
lungs in working order for the Carnot de
bate next Friday evening by holding a
rally to-night in the Hartnon Gymnasium.
¦While there were not as many present as
expected, the crowd entered into the
spirit of the affair, and made up. for the
loss of numbers by the gain in vocifera
tion. .
Working Order.
Enthusiasm and Lungs in
Hold Rally in Gymnasium and Get
STUDENTS PREPARE
FOR CARNOT DEBATE
No. Prize. Xo. Prize. No. Prize.
3 24 61 16 G5 1C
295..... 16 316 120 585..... 80
586 16 625 24 811 16
850 80 1000 801 1130..... ltt
1170 24 1580 1611728 24
1763 24 17B8 24 1812 24
1844 . 40 2224 40 2227 ! 40
2246 40 2284 24 2341 80
2344..... 40 2345...... 40 2471 24
2582 80 2629..... 16 2961 40
2076 16 3069..... 24 3144..... 40
8190 16 3339 10 3378 80
3477 24 35S3 16 3728 24
3042 40 3891..... 40 4028..... 16
•4171 16 4413..... 16 4482..... 40
4G07 40 4723 24 4808 1«
4849 24 5087 24 6327 24
&405 40 5516 16 5729 24
5948 400 5966 16 6002 16
•5113 80 6282 16 6204 18
0361 16 6362 80 6456 18
6614 24 6641 40 6674 24
67C5 40 6823 40 6851 24
C880.."... 16 7006 120 7091 24
7261.;... 24 7321 40 7415 40
.7416..... 80 7530 40 7568 40
7U5S... .. 16 7825 . 40 8170 24
8178 1C 8194 16 8251 18
S289 16 8388 24 8394 -16
8449 16 8539 16 8658 16
8668 . 40 8808 16 8971 80
8986 24 9039..... 80 9116.;... 40
9288 . 24 9294 16 9399 40
8533..... 24 9615 16 9626 16
9664 40 9681 80 9071 120
9974 24 10100 16 10237 16
10283 16 10485 24 10545 „ 24
10650..... 24 1OB69 4011064 1«
11086 16 11225 80 11323 40
11609..... 24 11B11 16 11766 16
11896 16 12011 24112015 16
12113 4012223 80112260 16
12297 24 12363 16112452 16
124«l 24 12471 40 12474 40
12706 16 12712 80 12760..... 80
12831 16
12942 40 13004 16 13052 8O
13098. 80 13138 16 13155..... 18
13168 16 13604 24 13632 16
13928 24 14047 16 14114 40
14409 16 14482 80 14581.....' 80
14694 . 24 14719 16 14742 2-4
14825 24 14839..... 16 14879 40
14935 40 15080 24 15113 18
15188 4015213 4015237 1«
15450 24 15667..... 4015709 80
15932 2415960. 24 15991 16
16115 2416188 1616202 80
16322 16 16540.."... 24 16593 16
16686 40 16749 40 16852 40
17025 1617093 16 17134 16
17144 16 17212 16 17228 18
17252 24 17263 1617265 24
17371 16 17385 16 17418 16
17427..... 40 17459 16 17467 16
17635 24 17780 40 17793 4O
17816 16 17838 40 17850 16
18091 1618214 1618291 24
18300 24 18313 40 183C8 16
18446 24 18499..... 16 18622 24
18624 24 18674 24 18679 16
18714 40 18936 80|18959 1«
19034 16 19176 40119244 24
19309..... 24 19310 16|19395....% 24
19591..... 24 19728 16119756 . 80
19783 24 19792 " 16*19800 16
20201 40 20212. 16|20294 80
20422 4020535 40 20562 16
20584 16 20730..... 40 20804 40
20815 . 1621045 16 21152 16
21155 N 24 21234 40 21307 16
21328 1621332 16 213S8 16
21451 40 21457 40121530 16
21539 24 21543 16f21652 16
21846 24 21891 40|2194:j " 16
22017 1622069..... 16I22U5 24
22218 1622237 16122334 40
22425..... 24 22579 16[22675 16
22724..... 8022982 40123020:.... 80
23076 "40 23129 16 23536 SO
23571 80 23577 24|23687 16
23852 - 80 23864 24|2J937 40
24021...... 16 24078 24*24096 SOOO
24180 2424256 16 24295 24
24353 16 24368 80 24369 24
24371. 2424410 f 24 24460 24
24475 24 245GS 40 24707 16
24727 16 24937 24 249C8 . . . . . 120
25047 24 25004 16 25098 24
25216..... 2425340 80 2M15 80
2.">554 24 25570..... 40 25613 4O
25644 24 2HU20 16 2ttl»E: 16
2K212 40 26341 16 26558 24
205U1 16 26720..... 24 2H874 24
2(5990 16 2B991 16 27140 40
27201 80 27223 16 27672 ltf
£7686 24 27806 16 27807 40
27835 4027911 24 28033 16
28103..... - 40 2S427..... 40 28473 4O
28493 80 28604 24 2S64-. IB
28657:.... 24 2S705: 24 2S8.J2 30000
28S53 40 28858 ' 40 28868 24
28876 16 2S878 16 29089 40
29129 1629151 24 20267 J 24
29406 16 29446 16 29474 24
29609 16 29712 24 29800 10
29818 2429832 120 29870 40
20971 16
30209 10 30275..... 16 30642 40
3.0671. 120 30720 16 30866 16
308ft9 24 30901 40 30961 40
30977..... 4031063 16 31204..... ; IB
31210 24 31302..... 16 31345 so
31412 120 31439 16 31457 itf
31482 24 31646 16 31678 24
31734 40 31768 16 31952 10
31964 16 31993 16 32074 24
82150..:.. 1632298 24 32390 IS
32451 1 ..... 16 32606 24132640 24
32652 24 3268ft 16f:i2741 10
32754 16 32808 16 32089 1«
33056 4033077 16 331 39 16
.13281 80 33297 80 33625 24
33T90 8033874 24 33931 80
83080 1634037 24 34.530 4(>
34377 16 34388.'.... 24 34558 40
34675 16 34759 16 34761 16
34807 8034835 16 34865 16
35119 16 35150 16 35152 1G
35199..... 24 35358 16 35405 16
35424..... 1635574 24 35584 24
35646 1635666 16 35605 16
35723..... 16 35792 16
35854 . 24 36051 16 30082 24
36185 16 3(3231 24 36371 16
36462 24 36503 40 3C523 24
36610..... 24l36fl29 24 36746 80
30753 24136786 16 36S13 1«
36940 16136998 16 37028 80
37376 1637404..... 24 37526 IS
37648..... 40 37700 . 16 37725 16
37727 40 38050 24 38057..... 120
380C0 2438121 16 38394 40
38519 16 38762..... 16 38770 SO
38909..... 16 38972 16 38975 40
38980 16 38996.... . 40 39062 1«
39165 1639220 1639316...:. 24
39322 80 39304..... 16139412 16
39611 163fl«82 16130776 40
39853 1630945 16 40262 16
40408 16 40503 40 40C55 40
40674 1640094 40 40834 IB
40884 16 41042 24 41054.:... 16
41058 16 41105 16 41218 16
41544..... V 16 41673..... 24 41702 10
41758 1641925..... 16 42101.....' 16
42125 40 42247 24 42466..,*.. 24
42634 80 42689 16 427M.. ... 1«J
43068 24 43141 80 43513 16
43564 16 43729 24 43791 16
43937 16 44140 40 44160..... 21
44202 2444290 1044342..... 24
44375 24 44413 16 44625 40
44661 120 44738...'.. 16 44754 40
44921 16 45003..... 2000 45038 16
45114..... 24 45157 24 45179 40
45219 40 45236 24 45261...;. 120
45341 24 45539 80 45559 4Q
45587 16 45B76 16 4SS16 16
45S50 80 45893 40(45977 18
4C330 16 46346...;. / 16 46376 16
46440 404(5502 80146531 16
40696 24 4R804 24I4C821 24
46916..... 2447042 16 47ZJ9 2!
47494 40 47B95..... ¦24 47758;.... 24
47815:.... 4000 47873...;. 24 47S9T 16
47918..... 80 4S071 16 4S337 24
4S346 16 48483 16 48512 24
48593. .... 24 4SR20 16 4S696 • 16
4S926.:... 24 49008 16 49063 18
49241. 40 40291 '¦ 24 40303 18
49370... .. 40 49411 80 49441 10
495M..... 24 49566 16 40644 1«
49C82 24 49710 80 49927 IB
49957 ' 24 50100 24 50203..... 24
50257 40 50382 16 5O4R0 Ifi
50475 24|.-»0«33 24I50C86 40
B0987..'... 24151022. 24151004 120
51200 24151207..... 16 51289.....
51628 40151048 24 51717 SO
61884 24151923 16 52054 40
52067 16152121..;.. 80152274 40
62311 S0I523SO 80 52443 16
C2510 1201521,05 24152718 .. K,
52S04 R0IR2SM 16 5.1080 40
M152 lfil.Vf.fi3 1KI53370..... 1«
53490 16I5.15O4 40|.V». r >«> .10
J535S0 ie'53S20 IB 53951 16
53970...:. 24154045 1«I54OS9 40
54315..... 40154491 16 ."HoOe 40
54692..... 40I54S03 24 54S60 40
55029..... 161550:11 24 55051 24
55077..... 80155087 40 55194 £4
55204 - 16155180 80 r>54ir. lft
55631 .40135698...... ; 24 55715 24
55723. ; ... 40I55S96 40 539S4. .... 10
50071.:... 24IS5937 40*5<U78. 40
56001..... 24 56884..... 40157030. SO
57000 16157108 40l.~>7104. ;... 24
r.7185..... 16157316..... 16157515 ltf
57598 24157631 24I.-.7632 ' 1G
H7658 .. 16 57713 24157730..;.. 24
57058..... 24 5R307 161
58317 16 58388 1BI3R557 24
5S771 _ 16159039. .... 16I50116 16
59314 1CI59435 l«l5f>4<S6 16
&9530... .. ,24150754 2415984-1..;.. 40
59844. !l6!5flS03 16159956 40
<5OOO6..... 24160030..... 80160220 16
60525 24IB0570 24l60«25. .... 16
60744 , 24I007M..... 24160835 1C
60847..... 4O|f:n.«UH .-. . . . 24IP0857 IB
00S64..... l«l«0«7» 241«1O17 40
01088;.... 40!*:' 107. 10|«1270..... 1«
(51436.;... J(5'M31!> 40IB152B • 10
61535 1000IMP1O...... .lfi|fil7S«..... 16
61815 ,80l;;mr>. 16|«18S7 ib
6197.1..... 40|61fiftO. 40|619Ofl..... X 16
62003..... 80l«2082. 16162237 10
62204 - 16 6230* 80[fi2443. 40O
62675 40162755...-. 16162782..... 1«
62910..... 80 63063..... 16[&306« 40
G3174. ' 2JUtm.1L 1KIA&1A? 18
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class "B," Drown at
. Puerto Cortex, Honduras, C A, Sat
urday; February 8, 1902.
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
The exercises were ended with an ad
dress by Attorney W. H. Waste. He
dwelt upon Lincoln's traits as found
early In life and which later marked his
public career. The speaker said in part:
"Lincoln was pure In thought and deed,
and above all things pure in patriotism.
He was too honest to be" a politician In
the baser sense of the word,- but he was
pure and shrewd • enough to be a mighty
statesman. Hard work, sincerity of
thought and steadiness of purpose char
acterized his career." /
• Recitations were given by Estolla Green
and Lucella Jones, and the following
named pupils unveiled a' handsome \ en
graving of Lincoln, the gift of -Thomas
Stevenson to the school: Harry Thomp
son, Rosalind Meyer, Madaline'McCord,
Olive Vore, Josephine Brandt, Hazel
Ames. Nina Kachleine, Ella Hallawell,
Gladys Van Mater. ¦
Annie Gelder, Minnie Anderson, Robert
Heide, Edith Winell, Carl Nichols. Ber
tha Ahnefeld, Bessie Christy, "Kstella
Heide. Regina Perez, Georglana Rasmus
sen, Mildred Graves, Lottie Sheridan,
Vera Connolly, Victor de Manlel, Frances
Monson, Adin Wilson, Elsie Juillerat, El
wood Phelps and Lester Ollson. • • " • • v
"America," suns bv the pupils, was fol
lowed by a . short opening address by
School Director A. T. Sutherland. Miss
Vera Bagot, one. of the scholars, gave a
history of the school and was f ollowe'l
by. J. R: Little, president of- the School
Board.- who read an Interesting paper on
the life of- Lincoln. H. D. Irwln, a for
mer School Director, told of the progress
made in recent days in educational lines.
A. Dondero, a ,pupil, recited Lincoln's
Gettysburg address and was followed by
the following-named children of the lower
classes, -who gave quotations from Lin
coln:'
BERKELEY, Feb. 12.— The ninety-third
anniversary of Lincoln's birthday was
celebrated this ; afternoon at the Lincoln
School in South Berkeley. The exercises
were held for the double purpose of bring
ing before the pupils the life of a; great
man and to ratify the recent change In
the name of the school! from "Lorln" to
"Lincoln." E. E. Nichols, the principal
of the school, arranged .the programme,
which was carried out successfully.
OBSERVE LINCOLN'S
DAY IN BERKELEY
School Bearing the Martyred Presi
dent's Name Celebrates Event .
With Appropriate Exercises.
No. Prize. I No. : Priae.iNo. .Prize.
63614 . 16;tX5«17 2!ltv;«44 18
6r»5rt 16 SKH4 10,040*2 1»
€4048..... --I««te47. .'.'.. 2* «MO5S. -. . . . SO
C4411) 40 14437 40|e-MS> 40,
(M5SJ..... l««4tK2 24Mb52 16
64U75 40 04K05 ltf ftlSH...... 24
K4837 40!(H8SO: 120 «4978 24
65(Hi« lH|«;:vm . 16|GW»4 24
fi.Vt:?!> - ie|t534S« 24icr>3-10.....
65382 1SCCT41 1« €5775. .... 2*
65781 ,16657^ 24I6.1S26 24
C5SUJ 40 65SS7 1« l ; 5!M-t 24
6C041 ltf WiWS..... 80|(tti3f:8 18
f«374 24 GC592 . 16j<>667» 1«
«C703..... 1S66SC6 120:«60.12 16
C«S)02 »40OI37OM •ltt|U7033 16
C7127 80 67408...... 10|«7»t2 1«
67b'(M)....'. 120 07704 2 » 87713 40
67846 1(5 67880 le 67980 40
68110 16 6S.5O8 40 US325 IK
C8379 80 CiS42t 80 68491 16
C8571 16 «:SKO3 S»I68812 40
68837 16 U8S&C ' 80 1 08824 8O
6S940 16 60C00 24 0)081 40
e»»25» 16 6SKM9 16 60378 16
60387 40 6UG9S 80 60701 18
C9714. 40 69778 40169841 24
09*00 16170022 24170076 24
70145 16170174 400170212 12O
705SX>...... 16170701 4O1708O1 2+
70S05 16 70060.,... 24!7108I> 80
71150 24 ( 712S5 S0|71332 18
71359 24 71416 40|71486 16
71800..... 24 71SU) 80 71908 18
71031 10 72005 24 72131 24
72TB7 1« 72350 40 72310 24
72711 SO 72804 40 72982 24
7.1050 10 7:5200 16 73383 24
T34M.V... 1000 73714 24 73788 19
73S17 24 7:1858 16 73868 80
74310..... 24 74334 24 74333 16
74401 16 74465 40 74529 16
74G5O. .... 24 74736 16 74856 . 16
75109 16 75166 24 75270 16
75306 SO 75394 16 75476 18
75512..... 4075572 16 75724 18
75750 16 75760 24 75841..... 1«
75282 24 76178 24 76453 16
7U5O.-S 16 76574 16 76621 ' 16
76752 40 76787 24 70O80 2+
77082 16 77219 120
77349 16 77351 16 7740S 24
77517 40 77529..... 24 77807 24
77815. t<.. 24 77854 80 77873 24
7SO17 24 78O81 40 78148..... 40>
78190 16 78106 80 78224 19
7S2G4 16 78356 11178385 10
7S390 24 78309 80 78407 16
78503 1678615 40 78718 40
78S02 80 7S951 16 78956 40
79068 24 79177 40 79456 18
73515 16 70720 16 79723 18"
7S756 16 79824 120 70827..... 24
79850 16 79877 40 79890 24
79975 4080008 4080023 80
80060 24 80146 24 80511 16
'80732 1680815..... 16180857 16
80858.:... 1680943..... 16180957 40
81194 16 81200 24 81281 16
81727 1*81817 16 81891 24
81907 40 81910 24 81947 18
82047 24 82236 24 82251 24
82323 16182473 16 82507 80
82529 40 82663 16 82957 40
83263 80 83299 40 83368 4O
83677 24 83749 16 83813 8O
83861 2483923 1684006..... IS
$4210..... 16 84226 16 84327 18
84371 1684447 400 84578 80
84598 80 84599 24 34631 80
84648 24 84663 24 84684 19
84837 16 84928 24 84961 1«
84077 16 85177 40 85336 16
85505 8085691..... 4085809..... 18
85885 24S5940 16 85962 18
8C049 16 86062 120 86100 80
86272 24 86273 24 86376 40
86381.....' 120 86391 24 86396..... 24
86428 - 16 86530 40 86544 24
865S7 . 1686778 16 80927 24
86956 24 86963 40S70O7 18
87101 24 87335 40 87357 18
87416 16 87453. 24 87595 120
87C69 16 87680 16 87775 2*
87822 16 87829 40 87866..... 16
87891 120 87974 24 88146 34
882S5..... 16 88452 24 88532 24
S8G97 2488867..... 16 88899 24
88938 16 89218 16 89264..... 24
89265 1689289 80 89419 16
89647 40 89557 40 89602 18
89600 1680828 24 89850..... 40
89894 12089933 24 89970 18
89990 24 90000 16 90037 1«
90157 1690323 1690325 80
90378 1690928 40 90992 16
91105 4091131 24 91244 8O
91335 4091555 1691627..... 4O
91628 16 91706 40 91772 16
91819 24 91850 16 91980 40
92151 16 92275..*.. 16 92404..:.. 18
92417 16 92603 , 16 92611 24
92628..... 24 92691 24 02764 4O
92965 1693005 16 93014 16
93058 1693079 16 93150 24
93250 80U3327 24 93365 19
9?,419 2493471 "80 93521 1C
93581 24 938*01 24 94452 . 16
94482 1694541 40 04579 19
94B73 24 94767 16 94789 80
94900..... 40 94953 16
05046 16 95153 16 95243 18
05271 16 95446 16|95516 10
!)5(W»..... 40 95651 24 95665 24
i)5«3Hi 24195827 . 24 95910 24
9«055 l«:96060 24 96197 24
96238 120|9«267 16|96274 24
fttHOG 40|9t54J. r > .-,... 16IWJ448 24
96.7V. .... 16 06555 16106800 16
0CS51 24106058 16(97034 18
97138 16 971B0 24197176 40
0-.-.1G 24 9742S 40107457 16
»751fi 16 97582...'.. 24197fit* 40
07788 16 977A1 16197824 24
07009 16|97957 40198205 16
0S208 40198309 24I98I04 120
»S7S8 4OI09179 16 99432 24
99510 40199798 80 90912 16
99C93 16|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUAKY, 13, 1902.
11
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
C. D. Wood. Minn.
Chas. A. True, Boston.
F. D. James & w. In.
Mrs. John Hixglns
Mrs.'J. Hlgglns. WU.
S. Seyberth A w. Wls.
W. .H. Seyberth, . Wls.
MlM A. Rowel). Wis.
John Davis, Los Ang.
C. Gardalla. Mole Kill.
M J nilhar* «W.CoU>..
J. McLaln & w Sao.
P. CaMerson, city.
John Kamp, Butte.
Phil Colllna. Seattle.
A. H. Floaten Aw.Col.
L. E. Ftoaten. Colo.
D. W. Campbell, city.
E B Fersunon. L Ang.
J. A. Shunk. L03 Anj.
P. Bouchard, L Anj.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Snle j
SAN MATEO — Good land c!u>ap; one-acre -lots. '
r-ncre lots :^ city block? ct ttcre prices; In
Bcdwocd Clfr. :; minuted \va!k fretn new de- ¦
pot and Courthouse: rich, deer soil: groat •
• oaks: tmprovfd avenue: prettiest offering on
peninsula: double track: &'.\ trains Flop; bett ;
property for- least money: dor.'t wait: come, !
tee us. POOFTER. WHITTON & 1IO.VT- !
GOMERY, C-14 Market St.. and San Jose. |
— fou SALr; near san krancisco — i
Fmall tracts. SCO to f!>0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Fan Francisco ts Krowinc rapidly; location
Vft for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st.. for
pamphlets nml Information.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payment*. HEAHY &c CARR. C, Eddy st. : J
¦WE have several fine fruit ranches to exchange
for city or Oakland property.. HEALY i.-
CARR. 6 Ifddy gt.. S. F.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
rtamp for free list. C R. Wlnfleld. Petaluma.
FRU1TYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
PRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
XJ* unparalleled opportunity: 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st.: 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
; taee of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.: ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard: 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F. : rent S3T, a month; price $1000.
Apply 3. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLWITN'KR. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFHCi:— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
$5OO CASH, $10 monthly; a. new modern cottage
of 4 large rooms; large bath room, porcelain
tub; nickel plated fittings; high and dry
basement; 6 large lots, all fenced; 100x150;
superb soil; grand view; no fogs, no cold
winds here; adjoining- East Oakland; 36 new
houses built within 6 months; surroundings
building up rapidly; near a model school
house and electric car lines; ih^s is an ideal
spot for a home; a lovely grove and im-
mense shade trees and running stream of
water close by; price in all $1750. Call or
eend for circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite
Broadway Station, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
7 NEW homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all first class;
Merrhnac or Twenty-eighth st.. between Tel •
t-Kraph ave. and Grove st,. ; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
$500 CASH — $26.40 per month buys a new 6-
room house; 6 minutes walk to local. WM.
P. TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
E. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth Bt. ¦
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.'
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
6CHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
RJJOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and solar flats, 525 and 53TTurir^tT;
first-dags; new bldg.; housekeeping suites.
BELL. The, 1773 Market — Front parlor suit
with kitchen and gas range; rent $20.
ELLIS. 1162^ — Elegant parlor suit with kitchen;
every convenience; private.
FIFTH, 363— Furnished housekeeping in suites
2 or 3. $12 to $20; also single, $5.
GEARY. SlS»i. fiat 1 — 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $10.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny front basement suite, $18;
also rear suite, yard, laundry, $14.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front suite, housekeep-
lng if desired, $11; single, sunny. $4.
LARKIN, 901, corner Geary — Two sunny front
rooms and kitchen. ' ¦
LASKIE, 27. between Eighth and Ninth, oft
Mission — 3 sunny connecting furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1219 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children.
OAK, 125— Two nice furnished basement
rooms for housekeeping, $10.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary — Bay-window, sun
all day; gas stove, large closet.
SEVENTH, ITS — Single front room, $3 per
month, with bath. •""
TAYLOR, 51S — Large sunny back parlor; light
housekeeping If desired; also single room. j
TURK. 130 — Two unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; connecting; cheap. <m
UNION. 101&— 2 furnlEhed rooms for light
housekeeping; also single rm. ; private family.
Virginia, 1005 Powell— 2sunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished: gas range; baths ;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and Vnfnrn.
AKGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward: rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rnu., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms;, prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. 329 Powell, cor. Geary— Location
most central; large well-furnished suites and
tingle front rooms as offices: modern im-
provements; electric light, etc. .
EDDT, 316 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
room; refined couple or two gentlemen; every/
convenience.
EDDY, 921 — Handsome unfurnished parlors;
also furnished attic for studio.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 60 night; $1 50. $6 wk; open all night.
ELLIS, 416. The Pierpont — Beautifully fum-
lshed suite; private bath; sun all day; $35.
ELLIS, "685, cor. Geary — Sunny bay window;
mantel; folding bed; light .housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth — Furnished room,
,$l per week.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; . single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 363, bet. Powell and Mason — Elegant
suite, beautiful furnishings, for offices or liv-
ing rooms.
GEAR*. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission-^
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
borne at moderate charges; suit,slngle;elevat.
GRANT, 245 — New bachelor apartments, fur.
or unfur,; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
KEARNY. 34, ' and 47 Po«t — Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 217 — Near Third, single or double,
one large front room.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; <2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1211 — Sunny furnished bay-window
room; double and single. L __ —
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week, mo.
POST. 821, near Leavenworth — Elegant unfur-
nished ¦ or furnished rooms and housekeep-
lng rooms. , ¦
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis — Incandeseoent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk gt. _^
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone. ¦
SUTTER. 1003 — Sunny well furnished rooms,
en suite or single. . for gentlemen. -
TURK. 210 — Small sunny front room.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been esteabllshed at 109G
Valencia st. - ¦ -
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric liphtF: hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CROCKER, The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rm*.; sin. and suites: ground and tennis crt.
EDDY, C20. The Irvlngdale — Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 TO up.
ELLIS, 104S — Exceptionally well furnished
sunny rooms, with excellent board; private.
JOHNSON. The, COS O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
KIARA. C15 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 607 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rate*. !
ROOMS AXD HOARD WASTED. ,
GENTLEMAN Ftranger in city wishes" nice
room and breakfast with private family or
Widow lafly. Box 3910. Call. ¦ '
|{IKt.M> \\ A \ I K«».
2 BKDROOMS. 1 kitchen, furnished for familv ;
2 ladles. 1 Rent; permanent. Box :w»ol. Call
SPECIAL NOTICES.
13AD tenants ejected for %\: collections mai1»:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 4tr». Montgomery, rooms n-10:'<el. 5580.
_^ RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE~CU? r "^TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured," Hunter's Sanitarium. 1206
Market ntj^mn 5 and C: new system. -
SEWIXG MACHIXES~AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palrlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Cth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
ofnee Post and Powell sts.-; tel. Ma In 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon st..: tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BF.KINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel: Main 1S40: whipping at cut rates. ¦
PACIFIC Stornce and Furniture Moving. Com-
panv. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 2M.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT .BARG"AINSn^TTPEWRITER~S^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 630 California ; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter <1nctors:pstlmatp free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 38, of seventy-
j five cents (78c) per share on the issued capi-
ta! stock of the company has been v declared
payable at office of company, rooms 202. 204.
Hayward bids.. San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10, 1902. Transfer' books close Feb. 3,
11*02. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPERTY-OWNERS & CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot up;
expert In curing smoking or faulty fluet;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my" own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations: estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission, or box 260. 318 Bush.
_ PROPOSALS..
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
"Wash., February 10, 1902. — Sealed proposals,
in triplicate, will be received here until 11
a. m.. March 11, 1902, and then opened for
the construction at Fort Wright, Wash.,, of
one double barrack building, brick. For full
. information, plans and specifications apply
¦ to this office. U. S. reserves right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for construc-
tion of buildings at Fort Wright. 'Wash.."
and addressed to undersigned. J. W. JA-
COBS. C. O. M.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday i
Arthur E. Lewis, 21, 633 Arkansas street,
and Teresa A. Kohler, 18, 946 Howard street.
Robert W. Neal, 3S, 744 Clayton street, and
Ada W. Chiles, 38, 90ti Devlsadero street.
Charlies L. Bowen. 24, 4164 Twenty-sixth
street, and Lillie M. Hindman, 21. 2027 Fif-
teenth street.
Francis H. Merrill. 3S, city, and Maggie K.
Bookmyer, 26, Gold Run.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERENDSEN— In this city, February 7, 1902,
to the wife of Julius Berendsen, a daughter.
HIGGINSON — In this city. February 2, 1901\
to the wife of K. W. Hlgglnson, a daugh-
ters !
~ MARRIED. • ~~~~
BATTIN— LOCKE— In this city, February 8,
. 1U02, by Justice of the Peace Dunn, Strodey
J. Battln and Elmyra Locke, both of San
Francisco.
HARRELL— SMITH— In tiila city, February 0,
1902, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
George F. Harrell and Edith G. Smith, both
of Merced.
OLIVER— PORTMAN— In this city. February
1902, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wil-
son. Louis Oliver and Elizabeth Portman,
both of San Francisco.
OPPENHEIM— JEWELL— In this city, Febru-
ary 5, 1902, by the' Rev. Dr. J. Voorsanger,
Robert P. Oppenhelm of Paris, France, and
Charlotte G. Jewell of San Francisco.
— __
Boyle. Col. Edward Koecel. Jane
Breede, Dora Kramer. Bertha
Collins, James F. McGeehan, Huch
Curtis, Lillian I. Moresi, John
Dower, Gertie Popovich, John L.
Eastman, Catharine Salles. Victorlne E.
Faure, Louise Sieben, Phillip
Fuller, Eleanor M. P. Sheridan, Annie
Gibbons, William Tilden. Charles L.
Gmehlich. Herrman Tomasich, Anton
Gray, Rebecca K. Turn Suden. Caroline
Haley, Eleanor Turner, Capt. John
Harper, Isabella White, Maud V.
Howe. James T. Williams. Albert
Knop, Elfert Willis. May
BOYLE — In Virginia City, Nev., February 9,
1902, Colonel Edward D. Boyle, a native of
Ireland, aged G6 years 5 months and 18 days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
•Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
c-t J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem tilth mats will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:30 o'clock. «
BREEDE — In this city, February 11, 1902,
Dora, beloved wife of the late Henry A.
Breede. beloved mother of William A. Breede
and Mrs. C. A. Mossmayer, and sister of
I Henry Steffens, a rative of Germany, aged 50
years 3 months and 8 days.
E7Frienls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2700 Pine street, near Devlsadero.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage.
COLLINS — In this city, February 12, 1902,
James F., beloved husband of Margaret Col-
lins, father of Timothy V. and James J.*Col-
llna. and brother of C. J. and T. V. Collins
of Vallejo. a native of Ireland, aged 35
years. CBoston, Mas?., and Vallejo papers
' please copy.) -
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
where a requienj high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURTIS — In this city, February 12, 1902, Lil-
lian I., beloved wife of James Curtis, mother
of Elmer E., Gladys A., Alwyn J., Louise
C. and Helen P. Curtis, and only daughter
of Mr*. L. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3S years 8 months and 26 days.
DOWER — In this city, February 11, 1902, Ger-
tle, beloved daughter of Michael and Mar-
I1HNRY J. GALLAGHER CO. .~
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth Et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
«AN BRUNO HILW. .
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON.. Manager.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
' Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J
McBrearty. with .the same company for 18
yean; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.; have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.. Telephone South 44. -
REMOVED!
/VlcGINN BROS., .
FUNERAL UIP.ECTORS . and EMBALM-
¦ KRS. to "~V and 22H. McAllister at. ' {For-''
merlv of :» TZMy «r. Tel. Pnuth 2S2.) -
REMOVAL NOTICE.
On and after Feb.- 22, 1902, we will occupy
OUR' OWN BUILDING at 1009 Mission st.,
bet. 15th and 16th. TELEPHONE MISSION
109. CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN & CO.. Funeral
Directors and Embalmers. . .
J£55*5** AC1«-~O»n«l»i p«.|. '
KA p <-nrr>»Ts -wrove to order and for saieT also
oncniiic-vove rur>. FilVc portieres; dealer In
nvine. in hsnk or chain, at lowest
_ ; nXt*.* Ge\ Kauhewf. TOT Fifth. Oakland.
A kebed i«' !enrn hairdrcsr.r.t:. hac woik. man-
icurjr.tr. Manhattan Hair :7<i2 VU-k*t.
l>ct. iv^k «nj van Xts-. Mrt-3 A. V. D >YLK
FIRST-OuASS cbasapoo for COc; hair dried
with (ram n'.r iti 10 minutes; hair dressing
g. lkdeiie;;. 12a stooktcn t>t.
VTIITK snatael iron beds. Finprle. three-quarter
'.r double. $2 2~>. KASTERN OUTFITTING
-:O. j::io-2.*12 Stockton t-t.. near Broadway.
vrFERFLUOrR hair permanently removed by
•¦ectric needle. MRS. M. Harris. 426 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
rears' rrjxrience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna St.
Wanted— anxie mcdcxalt» or untnweii.
Or.t.. Can.: news from home. Rex 3CS3. Call.
6r**PERFU/OC*S hair and moles removed by
tlec-tr:^ ntc^le.Dr.&Mrf.Traverse.llTO Market.
SUPHRFWOVS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON', 1113 Sutter et.
Boperflumn hair & mole? destroyed with electric
needle: trial free. Mme. Holing. 407B Hyde.
Al.FiiEDUlIS Egyptian Henna; restores Rray
hair to its natural color: SI: at all druggists*.
ACTINA for sale by th* A'Vids. Company. 763
Valencia st.. corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art srallery. Mechanics* Pavilion:
cpen afternoons & ereninjjs: 10c; ladles free.
ONE MIXUTK TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKE
instantly: 10c and 25c. All GruKElrts. »
Mrs. Brijrgs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9CS Sutter: tel.Larkin317l.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
' MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wi*s;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 2ti O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suit*. S7 SO; dress pants, f 2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE-S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best rorn cure: 25c: all druggists.
riiVSlClAXS AND SURGEONS.
ABEOLUfELY~FilEE~CONSULTAfrON— All
diseases cf men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
FOKDEX. No. « Turk st.. corner Mason.
A— DH. OLIVJ: GRUVER. ladr physician and
turgeen. at 1122 Market gt.: hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office and residence,
30C1U M.i-kn ft., bft. Sixth and Seventh.
KF.At ESTATE CITV F*OR SALB.
G. H. UMBSES & CO.. r ~ ~— —
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom. MONDAY. February 17th,
1902. at 12 o'clock noon.
SJXTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Referee Sale. • • •
No. 2SS- Sii-th tt. and No./ 68-71-73 Harriet
et.; !nn>rov«mect* consist of store. lodglnR-
hou*e ol IS rooms and three tenements; double
t restate; subject to confirmation toy the Su-
perior Court.
LAMUERT ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
Nos. ices-7'j Hotrard st. and Nos. 677-S79
Natoma «.. between 6th *nd 7th eta.; Im-
provements consist of 2 stores, 3 flats of 4
rooms and 2 lodsine-houses of 14 and 19 rooms
each; rent $1692 per annum; with little outlay
ths income of this property could be coasider-
ably increased: R0rl63. Irregular; subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
POST-ST. INVESTMENT. - ¦
Noe. 1643-1651-NS53 Po«t su. bet. Laguna and
Buchanan sts.; 3 elegant new mcutrn flat* of
fe room* and bath each; rents $102 50 per
month, which are low; lot 25x9x137:6.
AVESTEKN ADDITION CORNER.
Nos. Cll-013 Octavla st. and No. 511 Ivy
ave., bet. Hayes and Grove sts.; eood iin-
provemer.ts consist of 3 houses of 6 rooms an4
bath ecch, all in perfect order; rents $CS per
month, which are low; lot 35xS0.
KOWARD-ST. RESIDENCE.
Xo. Howard St.. bet. 18th and 19th
sts.; residence of 9 rooms and bath; brick
foundation; large garden and yard; lot 60x
1^2:6.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No. 21 Baker St., bet. Haight and Pagre' Bts. ;
choice bay-window residence of 8 rooms and
bath; cn'.y one block from Park: bank mort-
gage c: f35C0 can remain.
REFEREE SALE.
15th Et.. junction of Market and Sanchez
tts.; 2 choice building; lots, 25x100 each; sub-
ject to confirmation by the Superior Court.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
No. 9 Pearl st., bet. Market and 12th, Val-
lescia and Guerrero sts. ; substantial dwelling
of 6 rocm£ and bath; brick foundation, etc.;
lot 25xS0.
CAPP-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. Si2 Capp St.. bet. 23d and 24th «U.:
rr.edern bay-window re&idence of 7 rooms and
bath: in perfect order; street bituxninlzed and.
accepted by the city.
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
No. ntOO 17th et.. NW\ cor. of Sanchez St.;
rood imarov eroents. consist of 3 stores and 2
fiats; rcr.ts $92 per month; lot 30x91:6.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
Ko. 2763 Octavia st.. near Green St.; cozy
cottape of 6 rooms; street bitumlnlzed and ac-
cepted by the city: lot 31x72.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
13th et.. south line, bet. Guerrero and Do-
lores Ets.; 2 level building lots, 25x90 each.
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN^k CO..
14 Montgomery rt.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market, -opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$125,000.
¦ Corner: lot 70x130 feet; rent $900; one tenant.
$70,000.
Reduced from $80,000; corner; 75x75 feet:
irithln one-third block from Market St.. and
close to Hlberr.ia Bank; stores and lodging-
house: best investment off "Market at.; muet
be eold.
$60,000.
Corner. 4Sx82:6; first corner facing Market
*t.. north; sold for $42,000 20 years ago; want
offer; 3 corners sold within 30 days on cross
rtreet.
$55,000.
Half block from Orpheum, one block from
proposed Crocker Hotel and new Flood build-
Jng; stores and lodging-house.
$40,000.
Geary-st. corner; lot 87:6x137:6; very eub-
n&ntial Improvements; rents $255; pays 7 per
oent net.
$30,000.
Fine business corner; three stores and six
£atc; lot 68:9x71; rents $2450 per year.
$35,000.
UcAUieter-st. corner; SSx98; good improve-
ments; rents $220.
. $12,500.
Sutter Et., near Jones; a choice buy.
$11,500.
Ellis-ct. corner; stores and flats; three front-
ages; lot 37:6x87:6; rents $85."
$11,000.
Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter: rents $80.
$'J500.
Rente $103; lot 50x80; downtown Investment.
$9000. — -
Elegant residence; 8 rooms; best modern ap-
pointments.
$5500.
Flats; rents $56; lot 42:6 feet frontage.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market «t
HBADQUABTERS FOK PARK LOTS.
W« offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Our many sales prove It.
$100 to $450 — Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lots; a nest-egg for investors; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900— Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
of them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave,. nr. H st.
$400 to $800— Superb Richmond lote; $10
monthly.
$100 to $250 — Level building lots, near Mls-
elon-st cars; SO per cent less than actual
value; $5 monthly.
$1000, $1350 to $2000— Splendid cottages;
choice locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room S4. Chronicle Building. -
AN immediate purchaser can be found for a
residence in the district bounded by Van
Ness ave. on the east, Lyon or Presidio res-
ervation on west and north of Broadway.
'"Jail on W. J. GUNN. 830 California st.
liOTS in . Richmond cheap — Contractors and
builders, read this: 3 lote. cost $6000. will
sell for $P,:{<jO; 4 lots, cost $1500 each, about
$<«*3; a corner, cost $2500, about $1500; all
rtreet work done; sewers m: this side of
Twelfth ave. Call on W. J. GUNX. 530 Cali-
fornia st.
•WANTED— To purchase, lote north of Broad-
way and on any street west of Van Nes* ave.
to the Presidio reservation. Call on W. J.
GUNN. 530 California st.
AKOTHER residence wanted to purchase
north cf Va!!ejo Ft. or on any of the cross
t-treets from Van N<*ss ave. to Lyon >t. The
undersigned had two buyer* for a property
Just eold within that section, a cash pur-
chaser; if you have anything to offer submit
it. W. J. GU.\K. 530 California ct.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market «t.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Henty collected.
HAVK you a let to exchange for corner lot,
.V?xl08. on Alcatraz ave.. block from Han
Pablo ave.. Oolden Gate. Oakland; close to
-rehoolhouso and station ; vnlue $900: will pay
f5OO to ?luoo cash difference. L. II.
JIOIPE. :'.-¦) Sansome ft.
IT.'iOC — FOR sale, business corner grocery with
6 living rooms and Ktable; 9-room flat above.
J. 9. FAIVRE.JJ304 Fulton et.
garet' Dower, 'and granddaughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Timdthy Abern and of Michael Dower,
a- native of San Francisco, aged 10 years and
¦ 0 months. • ' . '-'-.-¦'¦¦-, -¦- ¦ . ¦-.'
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral to-day
(Thurcday), at V1:'M o'clock, from the late
residence, .11* Morris avenue. Interment
Holy Crots Cemetery. - • . . /. •¦•
EA.STMAN — In Sonoma, V February - 11, 1902,
; I Catharine, relict of the late Charles East-
man, and beloved mother of Mrs. Wood-
' worth. Mrs. JCickerson. Lottie, Ruble, j Clara
and Hetty Eastman and the late. Mrs. Mar-
iraret Brittain and Mrs. Kate Brown; a na-
tive of New Tork. aged 55 years 2 months
and 2U days. ¦ ... '. 'i - ' ¦ -.
FAUItE — In East Oakland, February 11, 1902,
Louise Faure (nee Boughlet), beloved wife
of Leon Faure, and mother of Louis and
Emily Faure, a native of Moscow, Iowa,
ajr^il 41 years. ...-'..• . .» \ .. -
- CTKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, February ¦ W, 1002, at 11 o'clock,
at the residence, * 2112 Thirteenth . avenue
(cars to house). East Oakland, thence to St.
Mary'6 Cemetery. Positively no flowers.
FULLER — In this city. Eleanor Maud Par-
lane Fuller, beloved and eldest dauehter of
Alice M. M. Fuller, and sister of Lewis J.
and Sybil F. Parlane and Wilfred R. Fuller,
a native of England, aged 15 years and 7
months.
• lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(ThurHday), at 1 o'clock, from the California-
Street Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
California and Broderick street!. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. Re-
mains atf the funeral parlors of Charles H.
J. Truman & Co.. 318 Mason street, between"
O'Farrell and Geary. ¦
GIBBONS— In this city. February 12, 1002,
William Gibbons, a native of New York,
aged 57 yearB. ¦ .
GMEHLICH— In this city. February 12, 1902.
Herrman Gmehllch, a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, a?ed 53 years 8 months ¦ and 13
days. A member of San Francisco Tu'n
Verein, San Francisco Turn Vereln Schuet-
zen, San Francisco Schwaben Verein and
Beer Drivers' Benevolent Society.
,' cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from San Fran-
cisco Turn Vereln Hall. 323 Turk street,
where services will be held. Remains at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
. street. • between Seventh and Eighth. " Inter-
ment Ii, O. O. F. Cemetery: ¦
GRAY — In this city, February 11, 1902, Re-
becca K., beloved wife of John H. Gray Jr.,
a native of Bremen, Germany, aged 35 years
9 months and 3 days. (Berkeley and New
York City papers please copy.)
E7"Funeral will take place from the. par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, to-
morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock. Services and
Interment strictly private.
HALEY— In Oakland, February 11, 1902, Elea-
nor Haley, beloved daughter of William G.
Haley, beloved granddaughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Coyne, and niece of Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Wilson and Mr. and Mrs. John
Lindsay, aged 14 years 6 months and 29
days.
HARPER— In Weat Oakland, at 1310 Wood
street, February 12, 1902, Isabella, youngest
daughter of ' Edwin and Alma Harper, and
granddauehter of I. G. Shepperd. a native
of Oakland, aged 1 year 10 months and- 20
days. , a .
HOWE— February 9. 1902, James T. Howe,
dearly beloved husband of Madge Howe,
aged 50 years 1 month and 9 days. .
KNOP — In this city, February 11. 1902, Elfert
Knop. beloved brother of Henry. Knop, a na-
tive of Germany, aced $4 years 1 month and
18 days. . .
B3*"Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Crockett Lodge No. 139, P. and A. M. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. Remains at the funeral parlors of
H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
KRAMER — In this city, February 12, 1002,
Bertha, beloved wife of Louis, and mother
of Maurice S. Kramer, a native of Ostheim,
Germany, aged 52 years 4 months and' 18
days.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
KOEGEL — In this city. February 11, 1902,
Jane, relict of the late Frank A. Koegel,
and mother of Edward, David, Frank and
William Koegel and the late Mrs. N. C.
White, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 76
years.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1170 Harrison street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighth and Harrison streets. '
McGEEHAN — In this city, February 12, 1902,
Hugh, husband of the late Theresa McGee-
han, and father of 'William, Gertrude, Eliza-
beth, Hugh Jr., John, Theresa and Catherin-j
McGeehan, a native of Limavaddy, County
Derry, Ireland, aeed 57 years.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7U7
i Mission street.
I MORESI— In this city, February ll,""l902,
John, dearly beloved husband of Aureila
' Moresi, „ father of Adele Moresi, and brother
,of Mrs. J. Reall. Mrs." G. Petralll and Joseph
.. More-si, i a native .of i Switzerland, . aged u'J
. years 1' month and 14 daya. .
**C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at San Jo6e, February 16, . I»02. at 1 :30
o'clock, at his late residence, 7S Devine
street. . ¦ :
POPOVICH— In this city, February 11, 1902.
John L. Popovich, a native of Podi, Boka
.Kotorska, Dalmatla, Austria, aged 32 years
and 3 months. •- '
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the Russian
Church, corner Powell and- Union streets,
where services will be held. Interment Ser-
vian Cemetery, San Mateo County. Remains
at the parlors of the United •Undertakers, 27
and 29 Fifth street.
SALLES— In this city, February 10. 1902. Vic-
torlne E. Salles (nee Rondel), beloved, wife of
Bertrand Salles. mother of Bertrand. Pierre
and Joseph Salles. sister of Mrs. Pierre La-
tapie and Edward Rondel, sister-in-law of
Pierre Latanle, and cousin of Edward Jor-
gensen, Anna Jorgensen and Victorlne
Cedley, a native of San Francisco. (New
Orleans papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
February 13, 1902. at 8:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1712 Seventeenth avenue.
South , San Francisco, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame des Victoires, where
services will be held at 10 o'clock, thence to
Third and Townsend streets to the 11:30
o'clock funeral car. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery. "
SIEBEN — In Alameda, February 11, 1002,
Phlllln Sieben. beloved husband of Magde-
lena Slebea. a native of Germany, aged 61
years, i
SHERIDAN — In this cltv. February 11, 1902,
Annie, beloved and eldest daughter of P. H.
and Bridget Sheridan, a native of Boston,
Mass. . i
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral - to-day
(Thursday), at S;80 o'clock, from her late
residence, 575 Brvant itreet. thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
. will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Ceme-
tery. . . .
TILDEN — In this city, February 12. ' 1902,
Charles L., husband of 'the late Hannah C.
Tilden, a native of Massachusetts, aged 81
years 6 months and 19 days.
TOMASICH — In this city, February 9, 1902
Anton, beloved son of Pera and the late
George TomaBich, and brother of M. Toma-
sich of San Francisco, a native of Zupa,
Dalmatia, Austria, aged 41 years 3 montho
and 15 days. . : . . r
|C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
at 1:30 o'clock, from the hall of the Aus-
trian Military and j Benevolent Association,
507 Sutter street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of Va-
lente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
TUM SUDEN — In San Francisco, February 11,
1002, Caroline Christine Louise turn Suden,
wife of Otto, and mother of Peter, Richard,
Linda and Caroline turn guden, near- the
close of the thirty-eighth year of her good
and useful life.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 3008 Clay street, between Brod-
erlck and Baker. Interment private. Please
omit, flowers:
TURNER — In this city, at 400 Brannan street,
February 12, 1902, Captain John Turner, be-
loved husband of the late Sarah Turner, and
father of Alice and Lillian Turner, a native
¦ of Massachusetts, aged 56 years 7 months
and 27 days. , . ' >
WHITE — In this city, February 10, 1902, Maud
Vida, dearly loved daughter of Andrew and
Emma F. White, aged 17 years 5 months and
28 days.
(C7B'uneral services will be held at • the
residence, 1211 Taylor street, Thursday, Feb-
ruary 13. at 11 o'clock. Interment private ¦
"WILLIAMS — In this cit^, Albert, beloved son
of Mr. and Mrs. E. Williams, and .brother
of Alex F. and George Williams, aged 25
i years. .-'.',,¦ ; :-
(ETFuneral services will be held at the
residence, 1015B Washington street, on Fri-
' .day. Interment private.
WILLIS — In this city, February », 1902, May
Willis, also known as Mrs. May James, a
native of New York, aged 35 years.
. CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully , Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock. * from the parlors
of Theodbr Dierks. 957 Mies Ion street be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
' Hill Cemetery. ' y
.Shahahan Florist Co.
V 7 ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIONS
W-Qti Prices Reasonable. -
107 POWELL ST.NtAnELfiS 2Tff 5056
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. .
Wednesday, February - 12. ;
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 36 hours from Eu-
reka. . ¦:•¦-". w ;•¦-'»"¦ - r .-•-,.• ,_¦
SAILED. * . \ .
' • Wednesday, February 12.
Schr Barbara. Hernster, BenedlkUen, .• Business men: are .satisfied when- they,
lunch at Cafe Zinkand. _ •
S. H. & M. on the Back
of any skirt binding is a guarantee of
style and quality. •
In a suit brought by O! ga J. Daubert
against the Western .Meat Company to
recover damages for the death ; of ; her
father, argued before the Supreme Court
yesterday, an Interesting . question was
raised as to the legal status of an unborn
child. It is claimed by the defendanfthat
as the father was killed before the birth
of the plaintiff the suit is of no avail. The
case, which is the first of its kind in, the
history of the State, was taken under ad
visement. ; .¦ : ' i ¦•; , '
Interesting. Question Is Raised.
Frank Contreras was convicted by a
jury In Judge Cook's court yesterday on
the charge of burglary and , will' be sen
tenced Saturday. The jury was only out
about five minutes. December 1 Contreras
broke into a room at 1008 Van Ness ave
nue and stole several dresses and othtr
articles belonging to the occupants, Miss
Eva Johnston and Miss Meninger. There
are two prior convictions against him for
petty larceny and he will likely get a
heavy sentence. He .belongs to an excel
lent • family, but ; has chosen a criminal
career. . :,
Convicted of Burglary.
Only Reliable Coal Dealers
Sell Tesla Briquettes, $9 per ton. Best and
cheapest fuel for kitchen and . grate. • Phone
South 05 about them. ., . - ',. •
San Francisco Aerie No. 5 of tho Fra
ternal Order of Eagles will celebrate the
third anniversary of its institution on the
night of the 19th inst. by a theater party
in th« Central Theater, on which occa
sion there will be presented "An African
King," a comedy by Charles E. Blaney.
The affair is being? managed by H. . I.
Mulcrevy> Edwin L. Head, George W.
Schell, David Becker, William Battersby
J. C. Lennon, Gus Holstein,. James J
Carroll, J. M. Moffo" C. Fred Williams
and Charles G. Nagle. . - .
¦ ...»
Eagles to Give. Theater Party.
The Military Service Institution of the
United States has awarded to First Lieu
tenant Edwin R. Stuart/ corps of engi
neers, the annual prize of gold medal life
membership and $100. for. the best' essay
on "Are Disappearing Guns Essential to
the" Efficient' Defense of Our Seaports?"'.
More than 500 recruits arrived in the
city yesterday from Eastern stations.
James Kinney and Peter* Long, unas
s'gned recruits, have "been found guilty
of fraudulent enlistment and sentenced
to dishonorable discharge from the army
and one year's imprisonment at" Alcatraz.
News in Army Circles.
Overcoat Thief Sentenced.
John Hill, who has a penchant for steat
ing other people's overcoats, was sen
tenced to serve Bix months in the County
Jail by Judge Conlan yesterday. January
26 he stole A valuable overcoat belonging
to Eddie Hardenburg, 203 Post street. He
has served several sentences for the same
offense.
20c and 40c a pair for high grade foot
wear. Fairchild sold them at from $3 to
$5. Of course we have not got all sizes,
but perhaps can fit you. Come and see.
Monarch Shoe Co., 1422 Market st. *
Fairchild's Shoe Stock, 20c a Pair.
Herman Glauch, the German-Califor
nian poet, is to be tendered a benefit at
Metropolitan Temple to-night by the
League of German-American Clubs*. An
entertaining programme has been pre
pared, all the leading- German artists of
the city having volunteered their ser
vices.
Benefit for German Poet.
Count. to date. Standing.
Braunhart 16,74!) 3t>4 16,385
Payot . 10,571 333 16.138
Wilson 10,517 412 lfi.105
Bent 16,112 443 15,«68
Eeg«rs .15,953 501 15,452
Alpers ,15,940 4RI 15,47!)
Walsh 15,880 167 15,719
Coghlan 15,«S<5 152 15,534
Finn 15,505 159 15,436
Lyons 15,574 181 15,303
Alrd 15,252 177, 15,348
Reagan 15,434 173 16,261
Edward I. Walsh Is now.240 votes ahead
of George Alpers in. the Supervisorial re
count. Walsh gained nine votes on his op
ponent yesterdav. The precincts counted
were the First, Second and Eighth of the
Thirty-seventh District. The eighty pre
cincts counted up to date leave the vote of
the six lowest successful candidates and
the fix highest Labor party candidates as
follows: I .
Otflclal ,Loss Present
Walsh Continues to Gain.
St. Dominic's Music Service.
vThe first part of Verdi's celebrated
"Manzoni Recmiem," a dramatic work
rarely given, will be produced by the
choir of St. ' Dominic's Church on next
Sunday evening/under the direction of
James Hamilton Howe, organist and di
rector. Other numbers for the organ will
include "Prelude and Fugrue.". Bach;
"Priere." Guilmant: "The Storm,'' Lem
mens; "Processional*," Verdi. Members of
the solo choir are Misses Lillian L. Roed
er. Eleanor Joseph, Ella V. McCloskey,
Mrs. H. Clark; F. Onslow. G. M. Long,
Ernest George and W. Ci Webb.
Selection. "Bohemian Girl," orchestra; Dick
Wilde, monologue; Alice Barnum, Juvenile vo
calist: Sid Baxter. Juggler: Ethel Taylor, buck
and wing dancer; Murphy and Raymond, sketch
artists; Matt Keefe, tenor soloist; Perz, trapeze;
Richards and Relyea. acrobats; Stanley and
Walton, comedians; Marie Woods, balladlst, by
kind permission of A. Wallersteln; Swor and
Hathaway, buck and wing dancers; Carrol and
Murrello, musical specialties; march, orchestra.
In order to raise funds to carry on the
election contest now being conducted be
fore Judge Murasky the friends of the
Union Labor party candidates have ar
ranged a benefit for them for to-morrow
evening at the Alhambra Theater. The
programme, under the direction of Archie
Levy, will be as follows:
Benefit for Contesting Candidates!
Hoffman Estate Suit Dismissed.
In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday a dismissal was ordered of the
suit of Dora Hoffman, administratrix of
the estate of Isaac Hoffman, deceased, vs.
Charles Hoffman. The case had been set
tide out cf court.
A charge of manslaughter was entered
on the prison books yesterday against
Thomas' Grogan, under arrest for the
killing of George Stevenson, who died at
the City and County Hospital of a punct
ure of the lung, caused by a broken rib
alleged to have been sustained in a fight
with Grogan. - The Conorer's jury ren
dered a verdict charging Grogan with
manslaughter. Stevenson had fallen on
the sidewalk and hurt his head against
the curbstone. ' He went to the Central
Emergency Hospital for treatment and
when he returned to the stable where he
was employed he got Into a quarrel with
Grogan, who had been doing his work
while he was at the hospital. The men
had a fight in which Grogan beat Steven
son severelv and is believed to have used
the handle of a pitchfork in breaking two
of Stevenson's ribs.
Manslaughter Against a Hard-
Hitting Hostler.
Coroner's Jury , Returns a Verdict of
CHARGES GROGAN WITH
KILLING STEVENSON
Must Look After Water Supply.
This suggests that the State must look
out for the water supply as something
vital. A park without a stream of water
would be of little availability to the gen
eral public.
Experts are still Inquiring into various
matters connected with the duties of the
park. The ¦ park bill made the money
available only in installments of 150,000 per
annum. This has been supposed by some
to be a bar to condemnation proceedings,
but It is ascertained that some of the
Commissioners think that difficulty, can
be met by condemning by piecemeal. The
Commissioners say that the park must be
one continuous. body and not consist of
separated tracts. These general state
ments indicate the extent of the work that
the commission ' has in hand, which Is a
much larger proposition thanMf a private
party were simply buying a tract of lum
ber land of similar cost.
There is no likelihood that the commis
sion will pay $100 an acre; but, whatever
the price may be, the cost of preservation
and the extent of the tract that it will
be necessary to acquire to insure such
preservation are leading questions, to
which the Commissioners have already
given thought. _
"While there is a mention in tbjp law of
the Big Basin, there is no survey that
definitely establishes just what is and
what is not the Big Basin. There are hills
surrounding several depressions in Santa
¦Cruz County and each of these is large
enough to be called a Big Basin. Pre
sumably the commission will prefer the
section about the fork • of the Waddell
Creek, where last summer the "Gov
ernor's camp" was placed by the lumber
men. The amount of watershed necessary
to be acquired to maintain the creek has
been a subject for much discussion on
the part of the Commissioners. Unless
the State has control of the watershed,
the waters of the creek could be easily
diverted by private parties.
It is told as a curious circumstance that
last summer when the Commissioners
were in the Basin, while there was very
little water running in the. creek, there
was quite a show of water in front of the
buildings at the Governor's camp. An in
vestigation of this phenomenon led to the
discovery that the creek had been dammed
up some distance below the camp.
No Money for Preservation.
Serious questions have arisen for the
Redwood Park Commissioners to consider.
The Commissioners are charged with the
duty of acquiring and preserving for park
purposes a tract of land in the Big Basin.
The second part of this public service
seems to have escaped the notice of many
persons who have been abusing the Com
missioners and trying to hasten their ac :
tion by stories to the effect that if there
is any delay • the lumbermen, who have
all the land- that has been offered to the
State at the rate of $100 per acre, will
start in to cut down the trees and deprive
the State of ever having a real Semper
virens Park.. .
The preservation of the trees naturally
includes the duty of protecting them from
fire. It also involves a continual expense.
The State appropriated $250,000 for the pur
poses mentioned in the bill providing for
the acquisition and preservation of a
sempervirens reservation. The owners of
lands that have been offered seek to get
the entire $250,000 for 2500 acres. If the
commission pays that price there will be
no money left for the preservation of the
forest trees. . . ¦ •
Both gentlemen have been intimately
acquainted for years. - When St. Sure
was city editor of the Oroville Mercury,
Attorney General Ford advised him to
study for the bar and he did so. When
St. Sure came to this city to take up his
residence Ford gave him much en
couragement and good advice. St. Sure
successfully passed the examination, was
admitted to practice and then took up
his residence in Alameda. He was short
ly afterward elected Justice of the Peace
of Alameda Township. During his term
on the bench Judge St. Sure was honored
with the -highest office in the Young
Men's Institute. He afterward moved
to this city and has had considerable
practice in the.- courts. He is very
popular, has a fine legal mind and is an
orator of some ability.
Judge St. Sure/ former Grand Presi
dent of the Young Men's Institute and a
well-known attorney of this city, has
associated himself with Attorney General
Tirey L. Ford in the practice of law.'
His Profession With Former
Judge St. Sure.
Associates Himself in the Practice of
ATTORNEY GENERAL FORD
TAKES A LAW PARTNER
Making of the Big Basin
Park Is Involving
Much Toil.
A memorial service in honor of the
memory of Miss Willard will be held at
the United Presbyterian Church, corner
of Polk street and Golden Gate avenue,
Sunday evening next at 7:30 o'clock, at
which Rev. H. H. Bell will deliver an ad
dress.
A. K. Gobdrich, who for the last seventy
years has worked arduously in the cause
of temperance, gave a recitation and Jo
seph King delivered an address. Mrs. M.
E. RicharC«on read a paper entitled "She
Is at Rest," and Mrs. S. B. McCoy read
selections from the writings of Miss Wil
lard.
The anniversary of the- death of Miss
Frances Willard, the . late temperance
worker, was commemorated yesterday by
the members of the Women's Christian
Temperance Union. Devotional exercises,
directed by Mrs. H. H. Luse, were held
at 132 McAllister street and a fitting lit
erary and musical programme was ren
dered. The music was under the direction
of Miss May Cook. -— - • -
Former Associates of the Late Miss
Prances Willard Hold Devo
tional Exercises.
MEMORY OP TEMPERANCE
ADVOCATE IS HONORED
Albert Williams, an expressman, 25
years old, was found asphyxiated yester
day morning in his room at 1015B Wash
ington street. His relatives say that the
key of the gas burner was partly turned
on and that the room was filled with the
vapor of illuminating gas.
Williams lived in the house with his
mother and brother. His mother informed
the Coroner that Albert went to bed last
Tuesday night in excellent spirits. His
brother, F. W. Williams, came home at
12:30 yesterday morning, having attended
a meeting of the Native Sons, and ob-
Eerved an odor which he mistook for that
of camphor, but paid no further attention
to it, as he knew that one of the inmates
had moth balls in his room. The relatives
say that they know of nothing that would
impel the young man to kill himself.
cidental, as There Was No
Motive for Suicide.
Death Is Believed to Have Been Ac-
EXPRESSMAN WILLIAMS
IS ASPHYXIATED IN BED v
WORK IN STORE
FOR COMMISSION
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe .without seeing
Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco. It is a marvel of beauty and
elegance. It is unquestionably the most
magnificent jewelry emporium In. the
world— the splendid conception of a mas
ter mind, a controlling genius. Artistic
taste and skill challenge competition here.
To be appreciated it must be seen. Every
traveler and visitor should go and ex
amine the marvels of genius at No. 221
Montgomery street. A. Andrews} sole pro
prietor. •
Geographical Society Elects Officers.
The Geographical Society of California
at a recent meeting elected the follow
ing directors: Frederick W. D'Evelyn,
William Greer Harrison, M. J. Branden
stein, S W. Holladay, Alexander Mackle,
Frank Shay, John Martin, Rev. T. Kim
ball, Hon. R. D. Hume. Hon. Charles L.
Patton and S. H. Sterle.
Edward Hall was : held to answer by
Judge Conlan on the charge of assault
with a deadly weapon in $500 bonds. Hall
was jealous of his wife and attacked
Charles Berry of 407 Clement street with
a hatchet on the' night of -February 5.
Manuel Marcus was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by. Judge Mogan
yesterday on the charge of robbery in
$3000 bonds. About 1 o'clock on the after
noon of February 4 he held up V. Petro
vich ; on Clay street; near Montgomery,
and stole . his silver watch and chain,
which were found on him when arrested
a few minutes later by Policemen Bunner
and Herlihy. .. ;
Otto Colby, a special officer during the
strike, was held to answer by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on- the charge of; assault
with a deadly weapon in $500 bonds. He
was accused of striking James Lavin, a
marine fireman, on the head with a club
near the Beale street wharf on August
'23 last. ¦¦. ¦*¦¦'¦ • ; i-:-. ¦¦>:¦¦ '' , : - » ' ¦
One for Robbery and Two for As
sault With a Deadly
Weapon.
THREE DEPENDANTS
'*" ARE HELD TO ANSWEP.
Miss Mary C. McKlnney, a teacher, in
the School Department, against whom
charges of insanity were made by Albert
J. Lyser, principal of the John Swett
School, retaliated yesterday by filing
charges against Lyser with the Board "of
Education. Miss McKinney alleges that
Lyser perjured himself in presenting the
charges against her and is therefore
guilty of unprofessional conduct.
The Board of Education refuses to make
the text of the charges- public, but in all
likelihood Lyser will be subjected to the
ordeal of trial. Lyser has brought charges
against a number of teachers and is re
garded as the official accuser of the
School Department.
The board turned the complaint over to
Superintendent Webster, who says that
Miss McKinney charges unprofessional
conduct against Lyser.
Miss McKinney Retaliates on Prin-
cipal Who Accused Her of
Insanity.
CHARGES AGAINST LYSER.
Luhr told the Judge who tried him that
It was his first offense and that he had
been sorely tempted by poverty. The
Judge, taking pity upon him, dismissed
the charge. Within three days after hi3
discharge he repeated his offense and was
arrested, but owing to the fact that the
checks had been drawn on a San Fran
cisco bank, the State refused to prosecute
because of the expense of bringing wit
nesses to Colorado from. San Francisco.
The secret service people then took him in
hand and had him indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury on the charge of impersonat
ing an officer of the United States army.
Luhr's folks reside in Oakland'.
Luhr was arrested on March 27, 1900, in
Cheyenne, , Colo., on the charge of horse
stealing, and on January 7, 1901, was sen
tenced to ten years' . imprisonment in the
prison reformatory at Buena Vista, Colo.
He was released at the end of a year and
shortly afterward was rearrested for
passing a worthless check.
Secret Service Agent Hazen received a
letter yesterday from Secret Service
Agent Joseph A. Walker of Denver, Colo.,
asking for information as to the career
of Henry C. Luhr, alias Elmer C. Cole, the
Oakland youth who defrauded several
people in this city and Oakland by posing
as a lieutenant in the army and passing
forged checks. \
Henry ' Luhr, Alias Elmer Cole, an
Oakland Youth, Is in Serious
' Trouble. 1
PSUEDO • LIEUTENANT
TO BE TBZEIMN DENVEB
Piatt's testimony was almost the same
as given, by him. in .the Buckley murder
trial. He testified that he was; sitting on
the front dummy of the car with his
daughter, . Erline. Two young men were
standing on the steps in front of them.
One was Buckley, who was holding on by
the forward stanchion, and the other,
whom he positively identified as.; the de
fendant, Moran, was hanging on by the
middle stanchion. He could not help ob
taining a good impression of Moran s
features, as he was standing directly in
front of him from Tenth street till the
car reached Twentieth. There a young
lady who was sitting next to his daughter
wanted to leave the car, but Buckley was
in her way. She had to touch him on
the back twice before he stepped off and
allowed her to leave. Moran at the same
time dropped off the car, and apparently
walked backward toward the street. •--;
The next minute there was a "mix-up,
and he saw Moran clubbing a man, whom
he afterward learned was Rice. Rice had
come from the back of the car, and when
he saw him he was holding his hands
over his head, protecting it from the
blows. Rice was struck several times and
fell to the ground. While Rice was lying
on his back Buckley walked around and
shot him four times. Then Moran and
Buckley ran down Twentieth street and
the witness ran after Buckley for about
fifty yards, but stopped as he heard his
daughter scream.
Piatt was also asked as to why his
daughter,- Erline, was not present . as a
witness, and he replied that she was
sick in the City of Mexico. Policeman
Charlea W. Brown was called and testi
fied that he had a subpena to serve upon
Erline Piatt, but could not find her.
Judge Mogan swore . to the' girl having
testified before him at the preliminary
examination and Daniel W. Long, sten-,
ographer, declared that he made a cor
rect transcript of her testimony. Attor
ney Collins for- the defendant made a
strong objection to the girl's testimony
being read, but the Judge overruled him
and it was> read to the jury. She corrob
orated her father's evidence as to the
general incidents, but could not identify
Moran, as her attention was centered up
on Buckley, who fired the shots. The
hearing , will be resumed this morning.
The trial of Thomas Moran for the mur
der of I George W. Rice, the non-union
machinist,; at Twentieth and Howard
streets on the evening of October 11, was
continued before a jury in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday. The only witness
of importance examined was Walter J.
Piatt of 2496 Howard street.
Gustave Schnee urged that a school
house be erected in the Sunnyside i dis
trict. Schnee referred to the fact that
fourteen lots had been offered to the
board "for $3250, which offer was refused.
Subsequently fifteen lots were offered for
$7000, and the price may be increased.
Director Woodward's resolution that the
office hours be so arranged that one di
rector be on duty all the time was defeat
ed. Woodward first asked that Miss J. A.
Dwyer be assigned to a fifth grade class in
the Burnett School in compliance with a
court decision, but his colleagues refused
to acquiesce.
H. H. Thomas notified the board that
contributions are being- received from
school children in violation of the rules
of the department. President Denman
will investigate the matter.
W. J. Thompson, a janitor, who filed
charges against Principal Morton of the
Lowell High School, petitioned to be rein
stated in his position, from which he says
he was dismissed without a hearing.
Miss.Rae Cohen was assigned to the
Horace Mann Evening School.
Leaves of absence were granted to -Miss
E. J. Miller, Everett School; Miss Annie
E. Owen, Dr. Margaret Mahony, Miss
Maud Hart, Miss Tillie Stohr, Miss C. B.
Earle'and Miss Alice A. Morton.'
The Superintendent's report regarding
the alleged inattention to duty of Dr.
Max Magnus, physical director, was read,
and the board took the matter under ad
visement. Webster reported that Magnus
had devoted a total of 116 hours to his
duties in 1901, for which he received a sal,
ary of $2700. He also neglected to visit
fifteen schools. It is not unlikely that the
three professors — Miehling, Barth and
Stahl— who were deposed to make room
for Magnus will be restored to their posi
tions.
The Board of Education yesterday prac
tically . whitewashed Principal M. E.
Blanchard of the Hancock" Grammar
School of the charge that he had inflicted
unusually severe punishment on John
Raggio, a 12-year-old pupil. The board
adopted a resolution administering a mild
reprimand to Blanchard, • but not before
Director Roncovieri ht« entered a vigor
ous protest against its adoption. Ronco
vieri insisted that Blanchard be given* a
trial and that he be dismissed from the
department if guilty. . Roncovieri's col
leagues voted him down, however^
O'Brien told his cellmates In the prison
that he was determined to make his es
cape and wondered whether, if he jumped
off the boat, he would be fired upon. That
was why the prison officials warned Hol
ley to put the handcuffs on him.
It was not many minutes later when
Holley returned to the prison . and de
jectedly told how O'Brien had given him
the slip. He said when they got to the>
hotel O'Brien asked to be allowed to go to
a lavatory. Holley granted the prisoner's
request. That was the last he saw of
O'Brien. , Some one had seen him run
out of the hotel, along Kearny street and
down Washington street in .the direction
of the water front. Holley will .remain
in the city for a few days and hunt for
the f uzitive.
Hoiiey ! arrived from Bed Bluff with
O'Brien Tuesday night and locked him up
in tne City Prison till yesterday morning
so that he could take the lirst boat. He
was up early and left with -his prisoner
about 7 o'clock. When he reacned the
ferry he found, to his annoyance, that he
had lett the commitment papers in the
prison and returned with O'Brien . to ob
tain them. The prison officials suggested
that he should allow O'Brien to remain
there till the departure of : the next b.oat,
but /Holley; preferred to take him to the
International Hotel. Holley was advised
to put J.the irons, on his prisoner, but he
laughed and, remarked that he thought
he was quite capable of taking care of
him. • ....
Deputy Sheriff O. J. Holley of Tehama
County) is mourning: the loss of a prisoner
whom he was taking to San Quentin to
serve a! six years* term for grand larceny.
The prisoner's name is J. V. O'Brien, and
his age 40 years. ; He is hiding somewhere
in this city. •¦'...¦¦, .',-.,' .
Physical Director Magnus May
•Be Removed From His
Position. ;
J. V; O'Brien Prefers Freedom
to Serving a Term of
Six Years.
Testimony of His Daughter
at Preliminary Hearing
Admitted.
Directors Decide to Not
Try the Charges Filed y
Against Him.
Piatt Identifies Moran as
the Wieldei\of the
Club.
Is on \ His Way From Red
Bluff to San Quen
i tin Prison.
RICE'S MURDERER
BEING PROBED
BLANCHARD GETS
MILD REPRIMAND
DEPUTY SHERIFF
LOSES PRISONER
THE SAN ' FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1902.
12
SPECIAL SALE ! j
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
Eggs, 2 dozen .45c
: Choicest ranch.
Finnan Haddies, lb.. ..15c
New shipment — finest quality. I
French Castile Soap, bar 25c
The genuine imported White Castile Soap.
Resularly 30c.
Prunes,French Style,5Ibs 25 c
Fancy Santa Clara Prunes. "
Resularly 3 lbs. 25c.
Biscuits,- pkg. .......... 5c
TTneeda, Uneeda Milk,
Oysterettes and Zu-Zu Snaps.
Resularly 10c.
Kippered Herring, tin.. 20c
Put tip by Marshall Co.. Aberdeen.
Resularly 25c.
Rosebud Whisky, bot. .90c
gallon. $4.00
. The highest grade of Whisky
Produced In America.
Regularly $1.25 and $3. 1
Grape Nuts, 2 pkgs...25c
A brain and nerve food. ¦ . / .
Regularly 15c a pkg.
COMPLETE STOCK OF FISH FOR THE
LENTEN SEASON.
COUNTRY ORDEI.S SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN SS22.
- ¦ '
Ocularium
Has "a professional frame fit- »
¦ ter" for whose expert services
in adjusting or fitting eye-
glasses and spectacles there Is
•' absolutely no charge.
v/642 Market Sixy^i
— —
For Stomach Disorders* -
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline] Water
220 BROADWAY. N. Y.
DR. BALL'S RElNVIG0RAT0BfH31Ri
Stops all loses In 24 hours. Five «25^iCK2>
hundred reward for any case v« (Baa HSah
cannot cure. This secret remedy jf <j
cure3 Emissions, Impotency, MM !|3ct
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Glaet. r#W Wrn
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- lilhi ImII
hood and all other wasting ef- MH_Bpl
fects at self-abuse or excesses. t*^ 1 **^^*
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 i-i
Market at.. S. F. Send for free book.
Al rP nnill I Corner Fourth ana
PULL UllVnl Market, S. F. Try
uHl L 111 InL St «« n * nd
VIII Im 1 1 W I 1 1 U l0 Overcoats an^F
, valises checked fr«*
IT IS A SHAME FOR
ANY. CASE OF
PILES
TO BE CUT, 1
: —
MODERN SCIENCE HAS COM-
pletely mastered the disease
without sur -ry or delay. DO NOT
ALLOW YOURSELF TO BE
BUTCHERED UNTIL. YOU HAVE
INVESTIGATED. Over one ' thou-
sand cases permanently cured
without a single failure, 500 of
¦whom -live in. the city of San Fran-
cisco. THE NAMES OF 75 PROM-
INENT BUSINESS MEN SENT
AS REFERENCE. Do not] take
ray word for it, but find out what
they have to say. The worst cases
wanted. "Write to-day -for further
particulars. - Address RESIDENT
PHYSICIAN, box 2673, Call Office,
San Francisco.
I DESIGNS m I
T h e latest . ' //^lj\
and. mo s t /^A, J§y
graceful crea- , '
tions /of the L .1
tailor's art are . | /
continually \ 4 (
arriving fresh' j \ 11 \
from the hands / A |, %. ,
of the , be'st J . AH -Vs^
English, Arher- /j \ i \V * : £?£i
icah > and Par- \ ! -J^->'^
isian 'designers. : .-¦:'
We "make them up to your order
from latest and best ~ fabrics at
prices no higher than those
charged for ready-made ones.
Gome and see our stock of
cloths. .
15Si^;;.; r ;TAlLORJ •-
9lAf Market St.- 5an Franco
CLOSiNG OUT
,»«»ALL«*
Children's
LACK OF ROOM COMPELS
US TO TAKE THIS STEP.
Materials in these gar-
ments are of best Venetian
Cloths, fine Kerseys, Chev-
iots, Cashmeres arid Tricots.
Come in all the leading shades.
'' ' ; '...-¦' ¦ ¦ .. ..'. ,' ' ", .:
1 Sizes of Cloaks on Bale, 2 to 12 years.
! CHILDREN'S CLOAKS that we've been
selling at $5.00. On sale to- C O nc
day at .....................;. ?t>Z«oO
Sfl 75 Cloaks, on sale at. ..w...»3.00 ¦
$7 00 Cloaks on sale at 83.23
. $6 00 Cloaks on' sale *at. i!3.O5
$6 50 Cloaks on sale at .H3.5O -
$10 00 Cloaks on sale at ....S(5.1H»
$12 00 Cloaks on • sale * at. '....,.'. $5.50 '
We've left about fifty* CHILDREN'S
REEFER JACKETS. , sizes 2 to 8; many
of these are worth as hish' as <£ 1 sttZL.
$4... Your choice of lot to-day. ;«J)l« i tO
v SALE OF
Children's; Woolen Dresses.
• Sizes of dresses, . 2 to 16 years.
| : $1.50"Dr«ses on. sale at.... ... . 80c '
. $3 00. Dresses on sale at........ S1.5O
' $3 50Dresses on sale at:.. $1.60
' $4 00 Dresses on sale. at.';. .....$1.08
These '. Dresses ere made • of Cashmeres
Plaids and ,-, Henrietta ¦ and Tricot Cloths.
Every dress trimmed and lined throughout.
. ; WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK. >
1212-1214 MARKET ST;,
; Between Taylor and Jones.
NEWMAN & LEVIgSOM^^ „ .. j^^^
— <^Stf»ie^S^ —
Hundreds of new and exceptionally attractive designs
Style i— Waists of plain color I Style 3— Waists of fine quality
Chambray — t a i 1 o r made Scotch Zephyr, made in fash-
tucked back and front, in ox- ion's latestafter the new spring
blood, blue, green and <* i ocr models, in prettiest of * i or
gray choice value - * > 1.^«-' stripes, extra value - l.Z,U
Style 2 — Waists of fancy Style 4 — Waists of white
striped Madras, soft cuffs, Pique, with black polka dots,
entirely new color- 5*1 qcT stock collar, very <*i Q[-
ings, excellent value & 1 "£>O stylish, splendid value & 1 •^«J
Two Special Silk Items
Choke Foulards Silks, satin Handsome fancy striped
finish in newest effects— rose, Taffetas, in all the best color-
green, porcelain, navy and ings and. most fetching pat-
tan colorings with small,, terns for summer waists and
medium and large de- otr^ gowns, special value, <*i r\r\
signs, per yard - - - OJL per yard - - - *M.w
Good Dress Linings
Reliable materials — at lowest possible prices
SPUN GLASS, black and colors, for. drop skirts, at - - 20c
SHADOW SILK, 36 in. wide, all colors, for Foulard lining, at - - 20c
SATEENS, black and colors, for underskirts, at - - - 20c
NEAR SILK LINING, all shades, 36 inches wide, at - - 25c
MERCERIZED SATEEN, black and colors, at - - - -30c
LUSTRAL, high class lining, 36 in. wide, all colors, at - - 40c
Wool Knit Shawls
Imported Knitted Shawls— made of wool, mixed with
mercerized thread — size 30 x 30, colors gray, black,
white, and blue; fringe on all sid/s — Price while IZn
they last- - - - - - - - - - ¦«>*
Sale of Towels
An exceptionally fine lot of Bleached Cotton Towels— some
fringed,- some hemmed — on sale to-day at the following
special prices :
Towels size 17 x 30 at 75c a dozen .
Towels size 17 x 32 at ,90c a dozen
Towels size 18x36 at $1.10 a dozen " #
I Kearny and Suffer Sts. ||
Sale's. _ _ _{
Table Linens.
A dollar quality,
At 85c.
A snowy white Hnen — that's
all linen, too. Full two yards
wide. .
Folks buy it who expect to
pay a dollar. That doesn't
hurt our dollar trade as much
as you think, i For we sell at a
dollar' a quality folks are will-
ing to pay more for. And so it
is all the way up the line-
more for the money.
NAPKINS TO -MATCH
THIS 85c damask are
a dozen— 23 inches square.
Another napkin value:
$2.25 Damask Napkins $1.95.
22 inches square and hemmed. They
come In pretty polka dot patterns. It's
$2.25 worth of quality. you will get for
$1.95.
Roller Toweling 10c.
Another unusual offer, not because It's
so cheap, but because it's so good for the
money; 17 Inches wide, pure linen, half-
bleached. •
20c Glass Toweling 15c.
22 Inches wide and all linen. The same
good goods we sell every day, but at 5c
a yard less, and a thousand yards of It.
O— o
Infants' Wear.
Infants' Bedford Coats—
S 2. 50— Cream, deep circular col-
lar, trimmed with Irish point lace
and satin ribbon.
$J$. 25— Cream, deep circular col-
lar, trimmed with silk braid and
satin ribbon.
Infants' Caps — .
81.00— Silk, with fleur de lls de-
sign, embroidered in silk, with
lace ruche.
: $1. 25— Dainty cream silk, silk
embroidered and with full lace
ruche, silk lined.
Infants' Wrappers —
55c— Flannel, In plain blue, pink
or cream white, ribbon trimming
on collar and cuffs.
Skirts—
Sl.OO— Long flannel ones, eilk em-
broidered. Others at $1.50 and
?2.00..
Moccasins—
25c— Kid, in pink, blue, red. tan,
black and coffee. Others at 50c.
o -c
50c Pillow Tops
at 15c.
—Wiih backs.
—Stamped and tinted.
— -This season's designs.
Almo-st a hundred of them. Not
many of them any one style, lne
styles that are here are Rood.
Others of this season's designs
that were 50c
Are now 25c
Other Finished Tops. f m * T ° l * e J!:*-
that were $1.73; marked to-day
• :*> 50c.
Finished Slips To-day 5Oe.
were SlUo.
35c Iiambxequins. 15c.
SI. 50 Lambrequins. 75c.
It's closine-out time. We are aac-
. rlflclng the Incomplete lines. «
; White Aprons
14c and 18c.
Even those at 14c are of good white
lawn, full size, with a deep hem at the
bottom and stripes above.
The 18c ones are in low style, made
of good lawn, plain, with deep hem;
another style with deep hem a^id lace
insertion, wide strings.
Child's Aprons at 48c.
Really worth 75c.
Children not wearing as many
aprons as they used to — that's how
one' man got overburdened with stock,
but we knew there were enough
mothers would like to have aprons
for their children if they could get
them below their worth, so we are
closing out this stock.
Trimming Braids
4c, 5c, 6\c Black Mohair
Braids at 2\c.
Half-price — and less.
1500 yards — that's why.
Too much of one thing. It's
that "tailor braid" used for
coat binding an'd dress trim-
ming; X A to "fa in. wide, and
black— 2Hc yard.
5c Yard— Braid "Worth 7^c, 8 l-3c
and 10c, 650 yards, black, also H to
I inch wide.
, Dressmakers will jump at this
chance.
ADVEBTISEaCENTS.
I Get a Good I
I Cf)f T I
atcute to
v-^'^&Sii li c ° sts but iin * e
fgjgWTgjl if any more than
wj9|m| a ready made one
jTCgiK£z||A and will give you
mjjihSnWsrt • J '^ r Skater scr .
M^TM V * CC ant * sat -i s^ ac "
JSt ' ¦ , § shape longer and
¦^BhSbbBp will fit your fig-
In .B& make our suits
«^^>% eas y to buy.
mk F e eure of our name
and address
128 EIllS StAbovePttweil
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CBE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
gtrength to wru«l crgapa. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORS
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
,: -: on Application.
COAL, COKE ANTJ Pld IRON.
J r Wn^fllfir fi »«• Battery Street.
J- C- n 1L3UH g W J. v Telephone Main 1S64.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
H<\ RftVF^ H fft Shipping Butchers. JOi
JAMtUICjtttV City. Tel. Mtm ia<.
—————
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD ft ELLIS.
418 Front tt.. 6. F. . Phone Main I7ly.
~~~ PRINT INQ. •.• - - -
tr W- JUUUUtJ- 611 Eamone 6t.. S. r.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
SHE HICK6-JUDD CO., '
_ _ 23 rtr»t «tr*«t. J5aa Franelico.