Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Five.
Continued on Page \ Five.
John J. .Deane, brother of the former
County . Clerk, was the first witness
Dr. Hugh S. Cumming, Federal quaran
tine officer at Angel Island, has an
nounced.that steamers arriving from Vic
toria will be inspected up to 9 p. m. dur
ing the winter and up to 10 p. m. during
the summer. -' -
Hours for Inspection.
JOHN J. DEANE
ON THE STAND
THE investigation by Mayor
Schmitz yesterday of the Ma
hony scandal was conducted in
open session and the evidence
adduced- completed the discom
fiture of the County Clerk. The
hearing was concluded before. 5 o'clock
and the Mayor announced that he would
take the matter under consideration. In
answer to a question by Attorney Rior
dan, Mahony's counsel, the Mayor said he
would let the accused know when he was
ready to give his decision.
Five witnesses who had seen the con-
tract in which Mahony agreed to take
care of Deane and his friends gave their
testimony. The former County Clerk told
a straightforward story of the circum
stances that led to the drawing up and
signing of the contract. Mrs. Deane tes
tified to having the contract for months
in her custody. John Dearie, brother!, of
the. former County Clerk, had read '¦¦ the
document and he told, on the stand
what were its contents and what
signatures . were attached. Joseph
Leggett testified to the signatures and to
part ' of the contents. And ' most conclu-
contract, as a witness. "The situation be-"
came more and more strained as Mayor
Schmitz. with a skill, that showed -'the
lawyer born, since not made; led the wit
ness ori and 'on to . the _ climax. Where
Flood admitted, without reserve "that ho
signed the paper by which Mahony prom
ised to reward Deane. with the chief
deputj*shlp. Mahony. ; had listened appre
hensively, and when the weight of Flood's
testimony fell into the scales against him
Investigation of the County Clerk Scandal
Closes and the Case. Rests in the
Hands of the Mayor/,
Deane Testifies That
Pledge Was Duly
Signed,
At one point Mahony seemed . to feel
that? much" hope for; him i' depended! upon
John j Flood's*' standing \ pat j and denying
under oath -that he had signed the Deane
Mahony's Hope " Fades.
And in a silence that was a . rare tri
bute to the noble, impulses of a woman,
the group of men about the Mayor's table
listened, to the woman's -.reasons for de
stroying a document j that with fine sense
of honor she hadfelt from .the first to be
shameful, and which; she could not pre
serve to add to the burden .that a man
must bear, even though he had brought
it upon himself. :,, .
"It is burned!"
The wife of the: recent County Clerk
had been asked. where, the, contract -was
at that 'moment. With face tense with
emotion and voice scarce above a whis
per, Mrs. De^ne replied :
,The monptonou3 routine of question
and answer was varied by a few' dra
matic situations that made those present
realize it was a tragedy that was being
played to its denouement: Mrs. . W. jj A.
Deane,* to whose-, keeping the document
signed by Mahony . had . been intrusted,"
furnished In her testimony , the : sensation
of the proceedings.
Tragedy Being Played.
sive of all, John 'C. Flood, the deputy in
the County Clerk's office, who drew up
the document and with Gregory Vallero
signed It as a witness, recalled the occa
sion 'and the deed; ' He testified . that he
probably drew it - up on ,,' lines of Mr.
Deane's direction- and that' his remem
brance of signing the contract' was defi
nite. " '..--,, ; .; » : -.
"I have given the matter careful con
sideration and taken advice on this ques
tion." the Mayor said, "and consequently
T Intend* to proceed with the investigation.
I think it is a duty I owe, not only to my
self, but to the people of the city and
county of San Francisco, who elected me
to this office, to take cognizance of any
acts, criminal or otherwise, of any of the
officers. The charter gives me the right
of supervision over all officers, to Inquire
Into their actions, and I intend to do so. '
"I desire, however, since the news
paper men are here," Rlordan said, "to re
peat my objection to theMayor conducting
this examination, on the same grounds
as stated yesterday: First, the County
Clerk Is a county officer and the Mayor
has no jurisdiction over him; and, sec
ond, conceding that the Mayor has Juris
diction over elective officers of this city,
the Mayor's power to suspension is solely
confined to malfeasance or misconduct In
office 'after the official has assumed the
duties of his office."
Thomas D. Rlordan, Mahony's attorney,
demurred at first, but finally admitted
that It was for the Mayor to determine
what the form 'of the proceedings should
be.
seated in his private room he"
announced that the remainder of the hear
ing would be public.
i|B»AYOR SCHMITZ sent for the
|9 fa reporters waiting Irt the outer
1 \ S § office yesterday afternoon and
L W JL ** ter they and the J>artIes to
"™ the Mahony investigation were
Custodian of Venal
Contract Burns . . ' v
Document
Flood Now Remem
bers the Document
in Question*
Immediately behind came the Duchess
of Bucclench, mistress of the robes. The
Duchess of Somerset was in black with
& diamond tiara; the Duchess of Welling
ton in black with a very fine crown of
diamonds; the Duchess of Maryborough
In white satin with a diamond tiara and
tier famous pearls. Perhaps the, most
noticeable dress to be seen was that worn
by Lady Galway. It was made of a shade
of apple green velvet chiffon. She wore
her famous diamond crown, with green
feathers and long cloak of apple green
velvet, lined with ermine. She had five
In very stately manner the King and
Queen appeared, his Majesty holding the
Queen's hand and smiling to many of his
friends as he passed along. The King
really looked in splendid health and spir
its, but the Queen looked rather pale.
She, too, seemed delighted and had many
a pleasant smile and nod for those whom
the knew. The Queen wore a high dress
of black satin and the same jewels she
¦wore last year, with the exception of a
superb pearl necklace which formerly be
longed to the late Queen. She wore her
diamond crown very far back on her
head, with a large diamond drop falling
to her brow.
Holds the Queen's Hand.
At exactly ten minutes past 2 the band
outside played "God Save the King."
Suddenly the electric light was turned on,
a little too previously as a matter of fact,
for by rights this should not have oc
curred until their Majesties had actually
entered. The Duke of Devonshire, carry
ing the crown, which ¦was firmly tacked
to its velvet cushion; Lord Londonderry
•with the sword of state, and Lord Win
chester i with the cap of maintenance,
burrled forward to the entrance.
The first of the royalties to arrive was
the Duke of Cambridge. He was followed
l>y others, including the Duke and Duch
ess of Connaught, with the Princess
Margaret and Prince Arthur. Then came
tlie Prince and Princess of Wales, the lat
ter really looking remarkably handsome
in a dress of white satin with a tiara of
diamonds and a diamond and pearl neck
lace and tbe front of her corsage entirely
covered with diamonds.
Peers ar.d members L of the House of
Commons kept arriving on foot. It was
lunny to see that many of them brought
their robes. For instance. Lord Coventry
carried his in a brown paper parcel, while
Lord Beauchamp carried his uncovered
on his arm.
Arrival of Royalties.
Lady Gal way's state coach was superb
ly turned out. Nearly all the other great
people went in ordinary carriages. Lord
Salisbury was in a brougham, huddled up
in a ccrner and well wrapped up. Lord
and Lady Lonsdale were in a bright yel
low brougham, which was remarkably
"smart." So v.as Lord Lonsdale with a
v. hue gardenia in his buttonhole.
Tbe -route of the royal ". procession,
though less than a mile in length, was
lined -with more than 4000 troops and 1000
policemen, ¦who formed solid walls be
tween which the King and Queen passed.
King Edward, who smiled and bowed
most affably to right and left, looked the
picture of health. There certainly was
no evidence of any care or worry upon
Lls countenance and' he seemed in high
E'jod humor with himself. The Queen
looked charming.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— King Edward
opened ¦ Parliament tp-day with much
pomp and ceremony. Last year's opening,
the first of his reign, was robbed of much
splendor by reason of the court mourn
ing, but to-day's ceremonial showed but
lew traces of that period of sorrow.
Ejj«c1*1 Dlrsatch to Tbe Call.
PARIS, Jan. 16.— The French Govern
ment this morning cabled to Caracas in
structing the French Consul/there to in
sist that M. Secrestat Jr., who recently
arrived at La Guayra on the French line
steamer St. Laurent, from Bordeaux, b*
allowed to land.
Generals Mendoza and Fernandez, the
Insurgent leaders." notwithstanding their
lack of resources, are not yet crushed.
The reports of uprisings - in Guayara,
and other points remain unconfirmed.
The- impression which prevails here la
that the revolution is not progressing.
The difficulties encountered In the at
tempts made to pass arms and ammuni
tion through the Government lines ren
der the success of General Matos prob
lematical.
Leaders Are Not Yet Beaten.
According: to the last reports received
here regarding the whereabouts of the
Libertador she was recently at the Dutch
Island of Aruba. She passed January
9 In view of La Guayra and accidentally
carried away the mast of a small
schooner. General Matos thereupon paid
$150 to tbe captain of tbe schooner and
towed her two miles to a harbor.
CARACAS. Venezuela, Jan. 16.— General
Mateo, the revolutionary leader, Is mas
ter at sea, for President Castro's fleet
does not dare attack the Libertador.
The Government troops, however, watch
the coasts so well that the landing of
arms and ammunition is nearly impos
sible. The only important successful
landing took place January 9, near Tuc
pan, where much ammunition and Gen
eral RIera were safely debarked.
WILLEMSTADT. Island of Curacao.
Jan. 16.— The Venezuelan revolutionary
steamer ' Libertador (formerly the Ban
Righ )was sighted Tuesday evening near
Cape Codera, east of La Guayra. It is
supposed she landed arms there. Num
bers of Insurgents are in the field In that
vicinity. •
Afraid of the Libertador.
Officers of British -warships now at La
Guayfa. the seaport of .Caracas, consider
that the Ban Righ, which Is now called
the Libertador by the Venezuelan insur
gents, is a smuggling and revolutionary
vessel and they will not Interfere with
her movements, because she has not
committed any piratical action up to the
present time against- foreign interests.
The craft, they assert, cannot be consid
ered as an enemy to the human race.
The Ban Righ was built at Glasgow in
1870 by J. Elder & Co. She Is supposed to
be owned by the Aberdeen Navigation
Company, limited, though the Venzuelan
revolutionary party under the leadership
of Senor Manuel A. Matos may have pur
chased her. She carried* Matos' expedi
tion to Venezuela, after having arrived at
Martinique with a large quantity of arms
and ammunition for the Venezuelan revo
lutionists. Her gross tonnage is 981.
The British Foreign Office has not re
plied to this note.
"MINISTER FOREIGN AFFAIRS."
"CARACAS. Jan. 9.— Minister of State.
London: The English steamship Ban
Righ, armed for war^is inimical to Vene
zuela.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.— Venezuela
has sent tbe following cablegram to the
British Government, according to ad
vices received here from Caracas:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lords and Commoners Lose No Time
in Criticizing the Government's
Operations in South
Africa.
The Libertador, Formerly the Ban
High, Appears to Cruise About
and Land Arms at Her
Pleasure.
Edward Reads Speech From
Throne Regretting That
Boer War Continues.
to Attack the Craft of
Revolutionists.
Castro's Fleet Does Not Dare
King and Queen Pass
Between Walls of Po
lice and Troops.
Protests Against Opera
tions of Filibuster
Steamship.
PARLIAMENT
IS OPENED
WITH POMP
VENEZUELA
SENDS NOTE
TO ENGLAND
-» yr AY OR SCHMITZ has now under advisement the evidence which
\/l supports the grave accusations which this paper has made against
J. VJL County Clerk Mahony. The testimony, overwhelming in its charac
ter, has been presented to tlte chief executive of this city, and one
of the most serious issues which he probably will be called upon to determine
during his term as chief magistrate of San Fraiurisco is before him. The in
quiry resulting from the charge made by The Call that County Clerk Mahony
violated tlie laws of the State and of the municipality in signing a secret, un
lawful, criminal, ante-election compact is over, and the duty of The Call
is ended.
This paper performed the painful duty of exposing a crime, and the re
sponsibility of punishing the perpetrator of that crime, under the law, rests
with Mayor Schmits as far as he has power to act. The investigation was
concluded yesterday, and County Clerk Mahony stands now under the blaze
of exposure, as a man who is not only ready to commit a felony but to lie'
and to shrink behind his friends in order to evade the consequences of his
criminality.
The testimony submitted to Mayor Schmitz yesterday showed beyond: cttz
shadow of doubt that the criminal ante-election compact to reivavd W. A. p
Deane in consideration for his retirement from the race for the nomination for ¦'
County Clerk was signed by Mahony. Stenographer John C. Flopdj^recante~c£*z
his former testimony and admitted that he zurote.the, compact, W. A. Qeane ; '/
testified that he sazu it signed, and as a startling climax to the whole disgrace^
ful affair, one zvitness made confession that the incriminating document, which '
'under the law deprives County Clerk .Mahony of his \ position of trust, was
burned yesterday afternoon. ',..¦_ /: •
, Only one person soughf to. hide from the truth. While not under oath,
County Clerk Mahony denied that lie had- ever signed tlie agreement, and in
that denial gave voice to a lie: When asked to place himself tinder oath and
submit to the added danger of committing perjury, he refused to take the wit
ness-stand. He remains therefore before the people of this city in a light most
shameful. The position which he occupies involves,' the presumption that he
must be a man of the most scrupulous integrity, absolutely abo-ve. suspicion and
uncompromising in his just treatment of persons and affairs. He has in his
tiistody documents of incalculable value.
.':/,' He is called upon to perform a sacred duty of draiving juries, which may
'affect the life and even the death of the people of San Francisco. He has in his
custody documents zuhich determine the possession of property, and in the daily
routine of his office lie is called upon to exercise the most exacting care and
'judgment to conserve the rigltts and liberties of the people of San Francisco.
This is what he' must be to fulfill rightly the obligations of the post to which
the electors of San Francisco have elevated him.
¦ And at the very beginning of his public career he convicts himself >. as a
liar, a signer of a criminal compact, the perpetrator of a felony and a man to
whom no confidence can be given. The inquiry which has followed the expose
of The Call has developed these very serious facts. Mayor Schmitz has seen
n't to record his own opinion that if the charges of The Call are sustained by
ihc evidence he ivould in himself be derelict in his duty if he did not take sum
mary action to protect San Francisco from the danger which now confronts
it in the -.County Clerk's office. The issue is in the hands of the Mayor.
SWORN WITNESSES COMPLETE THE PROOF
OF MAHONY'S PRE-ELECTION BONDAGE
VOLUME XCI.— N
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY; JANUARY 17, 1902.
WITNESSES S .AND " OTHERS WHO
WERE PRESENT AT INVESTIGA
TION HELD BY MAYOR SCHMITZ.
The San Francisco Call.PROMINENT FIGURES IN TRIAL
OF ONE OF . THE ALLEGED
LYNCHERS AT ALTURAS.
Men's and women's shoes that coit $2.50
each and every pair of them are being
now sold for $LO0 a pair at the Manufac
turers' Sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717
Market street, near Third. •
This Is Your Time.
LONDON. Jan.' 16.— After the speech
from the throne had been, formally read
In the "House of Commons' and the ad
dress in' reply had been- moved and sec
onded, the Liberal' leader, Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman, spoke in general
terms against the course of the Govern
ment In. South Africa, urging conciliation
SESSION OF THE COMMONS.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.— Captain Joseph B.
Eaton at present captain of the Boston navy
y . ar £. *"£? been f!e!ect *<J l » «.-ommand the bat
tleship Oregon, ¦which is now fitting out on the
Pacific Coast. The ship will be permanently
attached to the Pacific station. y
Oregon's New Commander.
Smallpox in a Mountain Town.
BAKERSHELD. Jan. 1(5.— "Word was
received here to-day to the , effect that
smallpox has broken out at Linns Valley
a mountain town forty miles from this
city. In consequence the school there has
been closed and all efforts are being made
to prevent a spread of the disease.
Raker became very noisy at times, en
tering exceptions and making objection
able remarks to the court and gentlemen
of the prosecution. At one stage in the
proceedings the court accused Spencer of
trying to make the tell a false
hood and that he firamed questions with
no other purpose. Both Raker and Spen
cer protested and the court' said: ¦
"Is it what you eater drink, or Is'it
the. ozone, that you imbibe, or what is It
that causes you to bring about a squabble
every night just before adjournment? You
are bitter, malicious and willful, and I am
heartily . sick of it. Adjourn court until
to-morrow, and I want to again say.to, the
jury that I hope- in the name of God they
never have to pass through such ah ordeal
again, or me either." f
: Spencer took up Morris' direct examina
tion, questioning him regarding his move
ments on tho night of- May 30, but the
cross-examination did not elicit any ma
terial difference in the' witness' testimony
about that occasion. On several occasions
Spencer seemed to be playing on the
witness* knowledge of English, and Gen
eral Post entered several protests when it
came to- the witness' identification of "the
country party" at the schoolhouse. Spen
cer went over the ground already gone
over, but the witness could not be shaken
saying he identilied the party by their
familiar appearance, pose, -face and" such
knowledge as he gained by long Intimate
acquaintance. - , .-. - - •¦...-
Raker interrupted and the court told
him tp "shut up." This was the first
storm of the afternoon session and it was
followed by other bursts, the entire after
noon being- a series of wrangles between
counsel and caustic remarks from the
bench. .
Judge Suppresses Baker.
would enforce the rules and his preroga
tives and would take his methods of try
ing the case if it cost the county, five
hundred days. The court again asserted
Its displeasure of Raker's conduct and
threatened the lawyer with Imprison
ment. ¦ - . . " . :
"I admonish the jury to keep your oMtn
counsels," said the court. "God grant
you may never have to sit on such a case
again as long as you live."- •
On the reassembling of • in , the
afternoon Spencer read a statement Mor
fis :s r alleged to have made while In the
jail but the court ruled it put on the ob
jection of .the prosecution. The court
said, however, that Morris could, if he
liked, tell what his conversation was on
tl*t occasion. General Post Jumped to
his feet and said: "I would like to—"
their friendly ' relations.
,'lne Eart-of. Lytton;who seconded the
motion, congratulated the Government on
their "more than* friendly relations with
.the. United States and the South American
republics." H e added that though affairs
in Ireland' were considered critical they
.might safely be' left in'the hands of the
Government. 1 ' tf{
; Earl Spencer (Liberal), criticizing the
address, said that while he recognized the
impossibility of ; granting the Boer de
mands for. Independence he deprecated In
sistence on unconditional surrender. His
lordship urged' the. Government to prom
ise the Boers autonomy similar to that
possessed by the governments of Aus
gtralia. and Canada.
-' The. Premier. Lord Salisbury, whose en
trance into the; house was greeted with,
hearty applause; said he was glad to hear
Earl Spencer vent an utterance for which
he.. the Premier, had been frequently and
unsparingly condemned. It was quite true
that there was no possibility of granting
the Boers independence. Neither was.it
the Government's business, after being
gratuitously to • inform the
Boers on what terms, they would be for
given, especially since the Boers had not
¦ yet expressed a wish to be forgiven.
.-.Lord Salisbury • continued by defending
martial law in South Africa and urged the
oppisition to remember that they were nt»t
dealing withthe question, as to whether
they pould make nut n rrcxl case
against the \ Government* The Premier
pleaded that .they should not allow their
to improve their party position
¦to.- make them forget the issue, whether
or not Greatr.Britain should be victor in
the war. He reminded the opposition that
> a. -wrong- settlement . now* would Impose
grave difficulties -and embarrassments up
on the nation for many years to come. .
Replying to the, Ptemier: Lord Rosebery
said he favored a passive policy of peace,
which would receive '-• overtures when
made, and that in this connection he
wished to know the truth of the rumors
concerning the visit to London of Dr.'
Kuyper.-vthe Premier of Holland. Had Dr.
KuVDer brought any . overtures. . he asked.
; "Not so -far as I know," answered Lord
SaHsbury. •>..-. rf-'->: -•*;.*-•.
V'Have any overtures been received. from
the Boer leaders in Europe?" asked Lord
Rosebery. ' N
. To this ni"»stion Lord Salisbury" an
swered, "No.""
•' Assistant-Attorney General Post com
menced to make a statement, when Raker
interposed an objection to Post being al
lowed to speak. ' The court told Raker
to "shut up.V.Raice.r objected" to the con
duct of the court. The court replied. he
¦ • "I did not make such a statement to
Claude Marcus or; E. S. Trowbridge,"
Morris replied. He afterward testified
that the statement he did make was not
greatly different from that described by
Spencer. Answering Spencer's questions
Morris stated that he and Raker had a
conversation at Orion Trowbridge's store
at Bieber and that he "might" have made
a short statement to the same effect.'
Asked If he had made a similar statement
as to his conversation with Mrs. Somers
ana" Thacker in the jail at Alturas in the
presence of Jim Brown, the- defendant,
and Leventon and Isom Eades, witnesses,
he said he had started to tell them when
Deputy Fleming appeared and he was told
to shut up, as Fleming was acting as a
detective.
' Young Morris'. Statement.
the hanging, and that I told her I knew
nothing about it, and that Mr. Thacker
came in and told me to, and I told him
I knew nothing, and that later Mrs. Som
ers came in and knelt at my side and
wringing her hands said: 'Claude, for
God's sake tell us all you know.' Do you
remember making such a statement?"
The Lord "¦•¦ Chancellor, 'Earl. -Halsbury,
formally^ read : the King's speech. '-'-''¦¦ '¦-¦*¦¦¦
.The EgrKpf Harrow (Conservative) in
moving tneaddress in reply ; t6 the spee"ch
from .the;' throne., referred to the non
interference of " foreign powers in the
South Afrhcan war as being evidence of
LONDON; Jan. 16.— The House o^f Jx>rds
was: ¦¦weir filled .^when business.; was re
sumed. The Prince of Wales occupied the
seat formerly used by • his ~ father. . Many
peeresses were in the gallery. : ' 'j^Z, '''¦¦'.
IN THE HOUSE OF LOEBS.
In the course of vhls speech Chamber
lain protested against the suggestion that
he should overrule -the Privy Council,
when Redmond Interjected: "Hear, hear!
You ought: to be a King." .
, Amid laughter, Chamberlain replied,
"That is. very' good of the honorable gen
tleman, but that is not my ambition."...'-- '•
The House of Commons then adjourned.
"You are three nren (meaning -Raker,
Spencer and Harrip) of equal ability.
Why should one mapi do all his question-
Ing? Harris has ben drunk for weeks
and can't appear hT court sober and I'll
not let him come In drunk. That's all
there is about it. The court makes rules
for Its own^pretectKm."
Spencei*:sa4djherwould endeavor to pro
ceed. He' asked Morris if he remembered
making a statement in the presence of
Claude Marcus and E. S. Trowbrldge at
the latter's store at Lookout on the 4th
of last July.
"No; I was working In the fields at that
time." ' "¦¦¦• " " ' ' • . ..
"Did you make a statement to these
men later? Was your statement this:
'Woodmanseo and Somers came to my
ranch and wanted me to go to Bleber and
iee a detective. I went and met Wood
mansee and Mrs. ! Somers. Woodmansee
gave me several drinks and Mrs. Somers
talked to me. She said she had been en
gaged to work up -the case by the-xproge
cution and had authority to offer. me pro
tection if I would- testify to the faets-of
In place of brute -force. He said- the same,
to a -large measure,' -was true .of Irelarid,
whore the Government at present was
Vfiounderirig -between concession and Co
ercion," and urged the adoption; of the
most liberal programme toward'Ireland,
Sir William Vernon Harcourt (Liberal),
by attacking the , institution of martial
law in the Cape Colony and by accusing
the Government of grossly unconstitution
al conduct ih advising the Ministers ;of
the colony not- to summon the Cape Par
liament,' brought up Joseph Chamberlain,
the Colonial Secretary, who was -.in j a.
most militant • mood. Chamberlain •* de
cjarod that Sir William Vernon Harcourt
ought to have placed a question of such
vast importance in.the form of an amend
ment, lie proceeded to justify absolutely
the action . of the Cape Government.
Chamberlain said he did not care a scrap
for legal opinion on one side or the other;
that the Government had to deal with an
emergency, and that it had followed the
universal practice of all . countries. .'- He
also said that the Government of Cape
Colony should- ask Parliament to indem
nify their acts. ,' ;
Sir William Verrion Harcourt asked,
"When will that be done?"
Chamberlain retorted, "When Is the war
going to end?" (Laughter and cheers.)
John Redmond said, "By the next gen
eral election."" ' " } ; ;'."¦;.'.•'
"If there is a Judge on God's green
earth who would have stood what I have
in this case I would like to meet him. It's
a question of the endurance of the court.
It takes an iron man to hear this case. , I
feel at night as if I -had been a horse in a
four-mile race had been run over be
fore the finish. I'm worn out. It's a mat
ter between the attorneys and the court
and a case of the devil take the hind
most." :'
Raker stated that Jim Brown, the de
fendant, had employed him and that
Spencer came into the trial the night be
fore the case opened, and that the court
should not deprive the defendant of his
(Raker's) ability to defend him. The court
said: • ! •
Court Protects Itself. / .
- *\ LTURAS, Jan. 16.— When proceed
v'/\ ' mgs beganin the Lookout lynch
¦* ing case this, morning Attorney
'A 3'W - Spencer, for -the defense, asked
• • ' the courtj- -'to • permit iV La wjnef
Raker to take up the cross examination
of Witness Morris, i Spencer said .that he
was suffering fromja severe cold. Judge.
Harrington responded that' he would ad
journ court until the afternoon;- but. that
he would not proceed with the case with
Raker interrogating the witness, as
Raker's conduct in court was harassing,
annoying and aggravating.
After announcing that the estimates
''have been framed as economically as
due regard for their efficiency render
possible ih tho special circumstances of
the present exigency," the speech con
cluded with mentioning proposed legis
lation 6i solely domestic Interest, with
the exception of a bill, to facilitate the
sale and purchase of larid in Ireland. ;
Their Majesties then retired amid a fan
fare of trumpets and attended, by the
tame regal ceremony as accompanied
their entry into the house.
The only departure from the extremely
decorous character of the proceedings
occurred when the King referred to the
humanity of the British troops in South
-Africa- This led to an unprecedented
scene in the House of Lords. Peers and
'peeresses and high officers of state broke
out into a ' prolonged cheer, which was
repeated again and again, to the evident
satisfaction of his • Majesty, but to the
apparent dismay of the officials of the
-House, whose signaled deprecations of
this departure from ancient traditions
were ineffectual to stop the outburst of
enthusiasm.. . / -
Estimates Framed Economically
Next followed reference to the Anglo-
Prazilian treaty, to the referring of the
British Guiana-Brazil boundary ques
tions to the arbitration of the King of
Italy,- to the necessity for the continuance
of famine relief measures in India; and to
the death of the Ameer, '.'whose son,, Ha
bib Ullah, has expressed an earnest de
sire to maintain the friendly relations of
Afghanistan with my Indian empire."
I trust its deciEion may lead to the
abandonment of the system by which the
sugar producing 'colonies and home man
ufacturers of sugar have been unfair.v
weighted in the prosecution of this im
portant industry."
Then came the following clause:
"I have concluded with the President of
the United States a treaty, the provi
sions of which will facilitate the con
struction of an interoceanic canal under
guarantee that its neutrality will be
maintained, and that it will be open to
the commerce and shipping of all na
tions."
Regrets the War Is Still On.
"I regret," said his Majesty, "that the
.war in South Africa is not yet concluded,
though the course of the operation's has
"been favorable . to our arms, the area of
war largely reduced , and industries are
being resumed in my new colonies. In
,splte of the tedious character of the cam
paign, my soldiers throughout have dis
played a cheerfulness in the endurance of
the hardships incident to guerrilla warfare
and a humanity, even to their own detri
ment, in their treatment of the enemy
which are deserving of the highest praise
The necessity for relieving those or my
troops who have most felt the strain of
¦war has afforded me the opportunity of
again availing myself of" tne" loyal and
patriotic offers of my colonies, and fur
ther contingents will shortly reach South
Africa/from the Dominion of Canada the
Commonwealth of Australia and New
Zealand."
In regard to the sugar conferenc2 the
speech says:
I "They wea-e everywhere," said the King,
"received wltt -demonstrations of the
liveliest affection, and ¦ I . am convinced
their presence served to rivet-more closely
the bonds of mutual regard and loyalty
by which the- vigor of the empire is main
tained." . .. • i • ..;' i
i Referring to Great Britain's relations
with foreign countries, the- King said:-'
, "My relations with the other powers
continue to be most friendly."
! Contrary to expectations, the King's
reference to the war was just as indefinite
as the statements made on the subject in
.the last half dozen messages from the
•throne. ¦ r'r . ;-
j Reads Speedi' Prom Throne. ;^
: After robing,- King ISdward and Queerti
the '.House, -of-. Peej^-"
; and aoccupied -.their, rthrpnes,^ .' -beneath :-&.":
canopy, with the Prince and Princess , or
Wales on either side-.vof them. The othjer
.members of the royal family were seated
fat the foot of 'tne> steps leading- .toK'thh
;throne. ¦ V . ¦¦'.¦/, '.» ;:¦;"-.• '¦' .,'..':''•••¦".-,.
¦. The gentleman/lusher- of the black rod, '
iGeneral Sir Michael .BTddulph, .having
'summoned the Speaker and, the members
"of the House of Commons;' his Majesty I
read the speech, front. th6 throne. ¦ - v '
i The speech opened with' -a. reference to ,
;the tour of . the - Prince -and- Princess " of I
'Wales. - . : : ¦¦-. ' ¦'. ¦ . • ; j
rows of superb -. pearls'- around her neck
land a great stomacher of diamonds.
Continued From Page One.
NEW YORK, Jan.-16.-Prince Henry of
Prussia will bring from Germany a hand
some present for Miss Alice Roosevelt
from the Emperor in recognition as a
souvenir of her part in the launching of
the new royal yacht. Announcement of
this fact was made to-day in a dispatch
to the Staats Zeitung from Berlin. The
cablegram also said that Prince Henry
had been directed to arrange for aquatic
sports . between American and German
tars in the foreign ports where they met.
The German Government has accepted
Mayor Low s offer of the use of West
Thirty-fourth street pier for the imperial
yacht Hohenzollern during the visit to
the city of Prince Henry. The acceptance
is accompanied by an expreseion of
thanks in the name of Prince Henry
The Staats Zeitung. to-day prints a" spe
cial dispatch from Berlin, which states
l^Jr 0 ,""! V01 ? Waldereee and. his wife
will visit America in April. The dlepartch
says that the trip is- made for the Held
marshal s health. ¦
Brings Present to Mrs. Boosevelt.
Embassador von Holleben, who was at
the State Department to-day In confer
ence with Secretary Hay. has given no
tice that *e will entertain Prince Henry
and suite at the German embassy here.
Dr. Hill, the First Assistant Secretary of
State, who by reason of an extended resi
dence In Germany is perfectly conversant
with the German language, may be
charged to represent the Department of
State in the ceremonies ¦ connected with
the reception of the Prince.*^. ,
Ex-Governor Francis of Missouri also
called on Secretary Hay In connection
with Prince Henry's visit. He urged that
the programme for the Prince's entertain
ment be made to include a visit to St.
Louis in order that the Prince might see
the seaie on which the approaching Louis
iana Purchase Exposition is projected.
A dmiral Evans will have with him the
same staff that was selected to accom
pany him to the Asiatic station. Captain
George A. Converse, as commander of the
flagship Illinois, ¦will be his fiag captain;
Lieutenant Frederick L. Chapin. his flag
lieutenant; Lieutenant Thomas "Washing
ton, flag secretary, and several other
naval aids.
' ."miser— Hartford.
While detailed arrangements for the
of the squadron have not yet
been n.ade. Admiral Evans states that
the vessels will probably rendezvous at
Tomykinsville and possibly join the im
perial yacht Hohenzollern on, her way up
the Atlantic coast from the West Indies
ami escort her to New York harbor.
The following squadron has been as
signed to Rear Admiral Evans by the
Navy Department to welcome the Prinoi:
Flagship— The battleship Illinois.
Protected cruisers— Olyrapia, San Fran
cisco and Cincinnati.
It may be stated upon authority that
the Kronprinz Wllhelm will not deviate
from he- course and go first to Hampton
Roads, as heretofore reported, but will
beer Prince Henry directly to New York,
where the naval demonstration proper
will take place.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Rear Admiral
Rt.bley D. Evans, who has been charged
With the preparation and execution of ths
naval programme mt the reception of
Prince Henry of Prussia, called upon Dr.
von Holleben, the German Embassador,
at the embassy to-day, and consulted
him regarding the arrangements for the
naval welcome to be accorded the dis
tinguished visitors. Admiral Evaas will
keep in close touch with the Embassador
and the embassy officials in order that he
may conform his arrangements to those
of the visiting party, notice of the lat
ter's plans being conveyed from. Berlin
to the embassy at "Washington.
Prince to Go Directly to New York.
The band consists of forty picked men
from the eighty-four constituting the sec
ond division corps. These forty men
reached Kiel to-day. The band has re
ceived permission to go ashore In the
United States in parade uniform and give
several private concerts. The present
voyage wUl be the longest ever taken by
the Hohenzollern.
The bandmaster of the Second .Naval
Division Music Corps, which is to furnish
a band to go to th# United States on the
Hohenzollern, came here from "Wilhelms
haven yesterday to receive special in
structions from Prince Henry. The lat
ter directed him to practice daily during
the voyage, playing favorite American
airs.
The Hohenzollern's crew, numbering
311 men, are now all on board that vessel.
To-morrow it will be stowing extra coal.
The departure of the yacht is fixed for
Sunday at the latest, but she will put. to
sea on Saturday if the ice threatens to
close the canal. • '¦
Crew Is Now Aboard Tachi.
Emperor "William's sliver treasures,
from which there have been selected
nearly MOO of the choicest pieces for use
ai Prince Henry's banquet on board the
Hohenzollern at New York, compose one
of the richest collections of silver pos
sessed by any sovereign of Europe and are
valued at upward of 5,000,000 marks. They
embrace Emperor "William's wedding
gifts, presented by ninety-six Prussian
cities, a sliver table service for fifty per
sons; valued at ¦420,000 marks, and many
rare pieces of silver dating from the time
of Frederick the Great and Frederick
William L
Among the wonders In the "Rittersaal"
In the old castle at Berlin is a silver
buffet eight meters wide, .reaching from
the floor to the ceiling and bearing among
others nine huge silver tureens, fifty
inches in diameter.
KEEIV Jan. 16.— The imperial yacht
Hohenzollern !s completing her prepara
tions for the trans-Atlantic trip. She went
out to the outer fjord - yesterday to test
her boilers and adjust her compasses.
Admiral Prince Henry of Prussia, at
attended by Adjutants von Schwindt and
Von Egidy and several naval officers of
high rank, was present »at a dinner last
evening on board the Hohenzollern, to
bid farewell to Admiral Count von Bau
dissin, the commander of the yacht, and
has staff.
Prince Henry and his court marshal left
Kiel to-day for Berlin.
BERLIN, Jan. 16.— Admiral Prince Hen
ry of Prussia, arrived here to-day from
Kiel. The details regarding Prince Hen
ry's landing in the United States and his
movements thereafter are entirely In the
hands cf Secretary Hay and Dr. von
Holleben, the German Embassador at
"Washington.
Hear Admiral Evans Is Detailed to
Make All Necessary Arrange
ments for the Welcome of
the Party.
at New York.
~ . ' . . '
Naval Demonstration to Be
Accorded Royal Visitor
I J. J. Burt of San Francisco, a relative
of the teacher, has "engaged Attorney
George E. Whitaker to look after his
daughter's interests. Miss Burt is highly
epoken of by residents' of McKittrick and
She is acknowledged to be an educator of
ability. ¦¦',, " -• "u * '-\
PARLIAMENT IS OPENED WITH POMP
Miss Burt insisted on finishing her term.
No direct charge was made against her,
at least publicly, and Doub, who returned
from McKittrick, stated that the matter
had been satisfactorily, -arranged 'and
that Miss Burt would resume her duties
next Monday. Some say her dismissal
was the result of a factional . fight, while
others hint at gossip which proves to
have been without foundation. One fist
fight has, already resulted, -one of Miss
Burt's many champions, whose. wife is a
friend of the troubled . teacher, having; it
Is said, knocked down. a man who made
a disparaging remark - concerning Miss
Burt. '¦¦¦' ; ' .-
Then the trouble started, but the young
lady, nothing daunted, went gayly on
Tuesday to the schoolhouse, which':. had
been locked, and after climbing through
the window, which she pried open, sat
ready for business. Wednesday the
schoolhouse was tightly closed, and, ow
ing to the trustees' inabi'ity to handle the
Eroblem, County Superintendent of
chools Doub went to the scene to take
a hand.
According to a report from McKittrlck
Miss Burt's troubles commenced' just as
she was stepping aboard a train to go to
San Francisco to visit her relatives dur
ing the recent holidays. At. that time
she was notified in writing .that, she was
dismissed. She sent back word, it is
said, to the school trustees, TV. Roclgers,
president; George C. Troth and H. F.
Peters, that she would be on hand to .'re
open her school, trustees or no trustees.
True to her promise she arrived in Mc-
Kittrick and took her seat at her school
desk last Monday. ; • ¦
The young lady for the past two days
has kept the trustees of the school very
busy in their efforts to prevent her from
teaching her classes, despite the fact that
she was notified that her services would
be no longer required. She was employed,
however, for the term of eight months,
and she Intends to fulfill her contract if
an earnest attempt to do so can be of
avail. •••-". ¦ . : •
BAKERSF1ELD, Jan. 16.— Miss Shirley
Burt, an attractive young teacher of the
school- In the Mcivtttrick district, which
was organized only last year and whose
home is in San Francisco, is the central
figure in an educational, social and gen
eral disturbance which threatens to pro
vide the gossips with food for thought for
many days to come. *
Special Dispatch ' to Ths Call.
Imperial Yacht Expected
to Sail From Kiel on
Saturday.
Kern County Officials Meet
Their Match at Mc-
Kittnck.
Young School Teacher
-^4 Declines to Be Dis- . .
missed.
Alturas Jurist Tells Attorney Raker, One of the Defenders of Jim
Brown, That His Conduct; Is Harassing and He Hopes the
Jury Will Never Again Have as Much Annoyance 'at a Trial
MODOC JUDGE AND THE LAWYERS
EXCHANGE SHARP WORDS IN COURT
PRINCE HENRY
PREPARES FOR
AMERICAN TRIP
RULES DESPITE
THE TRUSTEES
RAILROAD JEN
LOSE POSITIONS
PROSPECTORS
LOSE TRAILS
IN A STORM
Three Prominent Santa
Fe Officials Are Re
tired.
Pour Alaska Miners Suf
fer Some Terrible
Hardships.
Employes.
Consternation Caused by the
\ Sudden Ousting of
Companions of an Exhausted
• Man Are Forced to
Leave Him.
Arctic Blizzard Overtakes the Xlttlo
, Party and living Icicles Cot
.;• ; . the Faces oi tlie Helpless
. . Travelers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 16.— News
reached this city to-day of the resigna
tion of Master Mechanic G. "W. Smith of
the Santa Fe's coast lines, of '.'Division 1
Master Mechanic C. F. Lape of the
Southern California division and General
Foreman C. G. Lundholm of the San Ber-.
nardino shops. | "•."*¦;¦.
The heads come off at the Injunction 61
Superintendent of Machinery George B.
Henderson, who seems determined to
make a general clean-up on the west end.-
Lape is at present at Needles, where he
has been since Monday evening.' •; Smith
Is on his way East to Chicago to secure
final instruction regarding the change.
Lundholm: is in tne city, having made
public the fact of his resignation to-day.
i Who will nil the vacancies cannot be
ascertained with certainty, although it la
rumored that the appointment to the po
sition of master mechanic will fall to
Thomas Paxton of the Chicago division.
It Is said that the change will be ef
fective some time next month. .
General Foreman Lundholm's announce
ment that he and the other two officials
had been requested tcr~send"ln their res
ignations comes as a complete surprise
to the several hundred 'railroad men in
the city. Nothing had been 3aid about it,
though Lundholm says he and Lape and
Smith have known the change would be
made for some time past. He does not
desire at the present time to discuss the
matter. It is generally understood that
other changes In the management of the
road on the west end arc to be made In
the near future". Lape, Smith and Lund
holm have been with the. Santa Fe Com
pany for about ten years.'
SAYS HE WAS WEDDED
AND DEMANDS THE CHILD
Peculiar Conflict of Testimony in a
Suit for Divorce in San
Jose. ';-
SAN JOSE, Jan. 16.— A sensational di
vorce suit is being heard before Judge
Hyland of the Superior Court. The
parties to the action are Albert W. Geer
of this city and Jessie M. Geer of Oak
land, or as she now styles herself, Mrs.
Gus Videau. While she is claimed by the
plaintiff in- the suit as his wife, Mrs. Geer
denies that she was ever married to him,
but Is the legal wife of another.
Geer alleged In the complaint, which
charges his wife with desertion, that he
married Mrs. Geer r in this city January
14, 1895. by contract. About a year ago
she left him and shortly after married
Gus Videau, a former San Francisco po
liceman, in San Rafael. Geer wants the
custody of a boy five years of age. The
woman declares he has no claim upon the
child.
Special Dispatch t» .Tfca CaJL
\ VANCOUVER. B. Cl, Jan. 16.— A terrfbto
Story 'Of suffering' in a blinding snowstorm
and subsequent cold la told by Jonh P.
Stevens and 'William George Thomas, who
have Just arrived- at Nelson. There were
two others, in the original party, one of
whom, Samuel Hockaday, died of the ex
posure encountered and from the hard
ships of the trip. The fourth was- Matthew
"Wells.
"With an old miner named Kob«rt Lous,
the three left Siocan City on the morn
ing of January 1L The party had leased
a group of claims and went uj> to arrange
improvements. They floundered through
seven feet of snow until they had. Dearly
reached the property.
At 3:30 o'clock in the afternoon a packer
whom they met told them to turn back.
"Wells took this advice but the others went
on. They traveled for two hours, when
Thomas became exhausted and they
stopped and built a fire. In the evening
they went on for another hour, and by
that time Stevens* feet had become so
badly bitten that the men again made
camp Two hours more they rested and
then returned foe their property. The
trail by thia time had been lost. Hock
aday had great difficulty In keeping up
with the others, who were carrying the
packs.
Monday night was dark and a blizzard
overtook them. The air became no thick
that it was impossible for the men to »ee
an arm's length, while the driving icicles
cut exposed portions of their flesh. They
struggled on for three hours, making
three-quarters of a mile, where Stevens
threw down his sack of raw beef and re
fused to go another step. They made a
little trench behind a snowbank and the
men walked to and fro behind this shel
ter, with the flying shreds of ice tearing
their uncovered faces. They tried vainly
to light a fire. Hockaday finally became
sleepy and refused to walk. All were
weak from hunger and numb with cold.
Next morning they started again for the
claim, but Hockaday, being numbed from
the night's exposure, fell behind, and
when. his friends halted for him and he
came 'tip with them, they found M-nry In' a
delirium. They had finally to leave Hock
aday behind and it was two hours more
before they reached the cabin. After half
an hour's rest they returned but could
not find Hockaday. They searched air
that day and nlgrnt. and on "Wednesday
found the man frozen stiff where they had
left him. The body was brought Into the
cabin.
Young Girls Mysteriously Disappear.
DENVER, Jan. 16.— Myrtle and Blythe
Diller,\aged respectively 13 and 11 years,
whose parents live at No. 15 Twenty-third
street, have mysteriously disappeared and
are believed to have been kidnaped. The
two girls started for school a few blocks
from home yesterday morning: and since
that time no trace of them has been
found, although the police made a vigor
ous search to-day.
OSKALOOSA, Iowa. Jan. le.— Fred Romer.
a retail clothing: merchant of tills city, to-day
filed a petition In bankruptcy. His liabilities
are placed at $39,000 and the assets at 132,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUA;RY- 17, JH02;
2
\J1 THE PURE ¦¦^LlJ
\ GRAIN-COFFEE:^^
Do you know that three-quarters
of all the world's headaches are the
result of using tea and coffee ? /
# So physicians say. • ""•: .
. Quit, them .arid' the .headaches <
.- quit.. -* : .. "•-¦;¦¦. . -.¦':'-;.- '¦¦.¦*.'.{¦• ~.-. : ¦ *•
: Grain-O has the coffee taste but
no headaches:'.' ' .' ' ; ,'" " '[" ¦'¦ \ . ¦:'
Allhrbcers: 13c.'and23a.'-* -' v
CHICAfifl Ha ll^iSi M NFW VftM
The greatest train across the continent High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have mads it ths most popular with travelers.
.From San Francisco, daily/ 9 A, M. . -
Git? Ticket Office, 641 iarkef Si,
¦ .. . i0>~iTPtm
Because of the heavy selling during the holi-
¦ days many lines of our hats were sold out in some
sizes. Among the many values which we have
reduced in price in order to clear them out at once
are 'some rough finish Fedoras and Golf shapes
' which formerly sold for $1.25 a"nd $1.50. The
; colors are brown, pearl, light brown, oxtord arid
dark gray; price while the hats last
• We are likewise closing out a lot of two-bit ;;
golf caps for 10c. ;¦ : >; :. \Vvi .-. ¦ ;:>;
\ . - Out-of-town ordtra filltd— write us.
. 718 Market Street,Dr. Crocker, eye, ear, nose, throat and
lungs. Resumed practice 21 Powell st. *
FIVE TEARS FOR BURGLARY.— William
Johnston, who was convicted by a jury In
Judge Cook's court on Tuesday of burglary,
was sentenced yesterday to serve five years
In San Quentln. He entered the residence ot
Daniel Foley, 37 Minna street.
Kerch Kuykendall, known as the "Fili
pino Kid," Hartley J. Lake and John B.
Fredenstein were arrested this afternoon
by the Sheriff on suspicion of being the
men that early in the day gained en
trance into the 400-foot level of Stratton's
Independence mine for the purpose of
extracting high grade ore and who on
being found fought their way out after
having seriously wounded Lee Glockner,
one of the men stationed at the end of
the stope to capture them.
VICTOR. Colo., Jan. 16.— A desperate
battle 400 feet under ground between ore
thieves and officers and trusted employes
occurred in the great Independence mine
on Battle Mountain this morning. Be
tween fifty and sevetaty-five shots were
.exchanged between the opposing parties.
Lee Glockner, a member of the com
pany's force, was shot twice, but not
seriously injured. The fight was most
determined, but the pirates finally gained
the upper hand and forced the company
men to retreat toward the big shaft, giv
ing the thieves an opportunity to escape.
• 'i'he management of Stratton's Indepen
dence Company of London, England,
which owns the Independence mine, has
been aware for a long time that rich syl
vanite deposits in the mine were being
systematically robbed, the stealings
amounting to thousands of dollars a
month. Detectives were employed, and
It is said the thieves were detected in the
act of looting a rich seam of ore. Tlwy
escaped through the underground work
ings connected wfth an adjoining prop
erty.
More Than Fifcy Shots Are
Fired, and One Man Is
Wounded. V - : i
Detected Thieves Give
Battle to Posse of
FIGHT FDR LIFE
DOWN IN A MINE
GILROY, Jan. 16.— The funeral of Mrs.
Henrietta F. Bryant, relict of the late
Dr. B. Bryant, was held to-day In Gllroy
Service* were conducted at the Presbyte
rian Church by the Rev. John Hemphill
of San Francisco, assisted by tne Rev
Dr. Conn of Gilroyr MrB. Bryant was one
of the best known and most highly re
spected women in Santa Clara County.
Funeral of a Prominent Woman.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 16.— The California
Beekeepers' Association Is In annual ses
sion to-day for the discussion and trans
action of association business. The asso
ciation elected officers as follows: Presi
dent, G. S. Stubblefleld, Los Angeles; sec
retary and treasurer, J. F. Mclntye, Ven
tura; vice presidents— G. W. Brodbeck, H.
E. Wilder, G. F. Merriam, M. H. Mendle
son and H. C. Williamson. E. A. Honey,
Frank McNav of Los Angeles, T. F.
Arundell of Fillmore and Allen Barnett
of Whittier were added to the executive
committee.
Beekeepers Elect Officers.
Eastern Drummer Reported Missing.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16.— C. A. Foster,
a commercial traveler for the Shaw-
Stocking Company of Lowell, Mass., has
been missing since' .Christmas. Since
then every effort to find him has proved
fruitless. He arrived here December 18
and went to Marysvllle on the- 23d, -re
turning to this city on Christmas day. He
boarded a train at noon on that day, but
no one knows in what direction he went
Foster was of good, reputation and has a
wife living in Lowell. >
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16.— The Mission
Transportation ¦ and Refinery Company
filed a trust deed to-day secure a bond
Issue of $1,000,000. The purpose of this is
sue is to construct a fleet of vessels for
transportation of oil to San Francisco
and the Hawaiian Islands. The chattels
and properties of the company are given
as security. This Is a new corporation in
which the Union Oil Company is inter
ested. A large refinery Is being built at
Bakersfleld by the Transportation Com
pany. Contracts for three ships have
been let and others wilUbe built.
Oil Transports to Be Built.
GILROY, Jan. 16.— The engagement Is
announced of Miss ' Marguerite Zuck,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James A. Zuck,
and Captain J. M. Pollock of England.
The wedding will take place at St. Steph
en's Episcopal Church ' within the next
two weeks. The couple will sail for Eng*
land on the 2Sth lnst. and expect to make
a tour of Europe. Captain Pollock has
been hare for several months settling up
the estate of his first wife. He Is a man
of culture and wealth and has served in
the British army. Miss Zuck is a grad
uate of the Conservatory of Music, Uni
versity of the Pacinc, in both the vocal
and the violin branch.
Pollock-Zuck Engagement.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 1G.— Frederick H.
Rindge, George I. Cochrane, Harry Gray,
Hulett C. Merritt and a syndicate have
secured control of the United Electric Gas
and Power Company.* The corporation
owns the bathhouse at Los Banos Delmar,
the electric street railway system of San
ta Barbara and the gas and electric
plants in Santa Barbara, Santa Monica,
Redondo. Inglewood. Monrovia,, San Pe
dro, Terminal Island and Long Beach.
The company's list of officers Includes
Hulett C. Merritt. president and treas
urer; Frederick H. Rindge and H. V.
Carter, vice presidents; George I. Coch
rane, secretary and general counsel; J. J.
Davis, superintendent; Harry Gray, Louis
J. Merritt, Fred T. Bueneman and Charles
E. Scheide of New York City.
Syndicate Controls Power Company.
TE*SLA, Jan. 16.— At a meeting some
days ago of the stockholders of the San
Joaquin Coal Company an Important
proposition for a railway extension from
Tesla to some point on the bay was dis
cussed. Men are now at work surveying
a route through Corral Hollow in the
neighborhood- of this town. A number of
bridges are to be built and there will be
a tunnel through the ridge into Llvermore
Valley. The road -will be completed some
time this year..
The company Is now concentrating an
Increased force and there Is unusual ac
tivity . at the limestone quarries and the
manganese mine seven miles from town.
It is said that Eastern capital is inter
ested in the project.
Through Livermore
Valley.
Kails Are to Be Laid on an Extension
COMPAlTi* WILL BUILD
A RAILWAY FROM" TESLA
Dole's contention wiil be that the con
stitution of the United States, or at least
the tifth and sixth amendments, were not
extended to the Hawaiian Islands until
the Territorial act took effect on June 14,
1900, instad of being extended by the New
lands resolution, which took effect on Au
gust 12, 1898. In the interim the trial on
which an appeal Is now taken took place,
as well as a number of others/ which de
pend on the decision now asked for. The
case taken up is that of one Osaki Mam
kichi, convicted of murder. . / ,
The point as to Hawaii's status be
tween the date of annexation and the date
when the organic law provided by Con
gress took effect has never been before
the Supreme Court, and it is said to be
an entirely new question in the history
of the country. The legal discussion will
involve an inquiry into the history of an
nexation, and the force of the agreement
entered into by the Republic of Hawaii
and the United States, as it is claimed
that the acts of both parties showed an
understanding that Hawaiian municipal
laws generally were to remain in force
after the Newlands resolution until Con
gress otherwise provided. As Hawaii was
already a civilized nation, -with an elab
orate civilized system of government, and
voluntarily came into the Union, it is con
tended that the issue is much different
from any presented in connection with
other island possessions.
Attorney General Dole -will proceed to
Washington to argue the case.
HONOLULU, Jan. 11.— Attorney General
E. P. Dole has sent to Washington his
brief in the famous habeas corpus case,
which has been appealed by the Territory
to the United States Supreme Court. This
Is the case in which a prisoner tried under
Hawaiian law for murder, without a
Grand Jury indictment, and found guilty
by a majority verdict of nine trial jurors,
alter annexation, appealed to the courts
here for release, on the ground that his
presentment and trial had been unconsti
tutional. In the Circuit Court Judge Gear
granted a writ, but the Supreme Court
overruled him, the Justices standing two
to one. United States Judge Estee was
appealed to and be granted a writ and the
Territory, by Attorney General Dole, is
now appealing from Estee's decision. Es
tee held that the Newlands resolution an
nexing the islands, in declaring the laws
of Hawaii not inconsistent with the Amer
ican constitution should remain in force,
abrogated and annulled the Hawaiian law
as to convictions by nine Jurors.
Carlson was found and liberated this
morning, and an examination of the safe
showed that many valuable books and
papers had been destroyed. The robbers
failed to gain anything from their bold
attempt, as nothing had been left in the
safe the night before.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Jan. 16.— E. G. Carl-
Bon, night watchman of the "West Seattle
Grain Elevator Company, was overpow
ered by three masked men at 3 o'clock
this morning and tied to a chair. The
robbers then drilled the big safe In the
office, placed a stick of dynamite, poured
water in the coal stove to put out the
fire, stacked sacks of wheat around the
wareroom, and set off the charge.
The door of the safe was blown acros3
the room and Carlson was knocked un
conscious. The store was -wrecked, thi
robbers' act of extinguishing the fire un
doubtedly saving the building, and Carl
son's life.
Hawaiian Public Prose
cutor Questions Court
Rulings.
Masked Robbers in the
North-west "Wreck
an Office.
DOLE APPEALS
TO WASHINGTON
DYNAMITE LIFTS
THE WATCHMAN
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. i
16.— In the senior class election
yesterday Frank Hinman -was
elected president over Charles W.
Sell by the decisive vote of 114 to
55. The number of votes cast was proba
bly the largest ever polled In a class elec
tion at Stanford. Both candidates for the
presidency are popular, and to this fact
and the enthusiasm shown by their sup
porters was due the large poll.
Frank Hinman, the president-elect, has |
The oth«r officers elected to-day -were:
Vice president, H. H. Adams: secretary,
C. D. Scott; treasurer. F. H. Boren; his
torian. Miss M. E. McDougald; athletic
manager. P. McDowell; sergeant-at-arms,
K. E. Wigle.
been on the staff of the Daily Palo Alto
for several semesters and has held the
positions of managing editor and editor
in-chief. He is a member of the Gymna
sium Club, the Press Club and a charter
member of the Stanford Chapter of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity. He Is from
Portland, Or.
XEW PRESIDENT OF THE SENIOR CLASS AT STANFORD UNIVER
SITY WHO TVAS GIVEN A REMARKABLY LARGE VOTE AT AN
ELECTION CONDUCTED BY THE STUDENTS.
The case was continued till Monday,
when witnesses for the defense will be
called to testify. Since the i shooting
Sauer's permit to carry a revolver has
been revoked by order of the Police Com
missioners.
The case for the prosecution was closed.
The witnesses examined were Samuel
Stocker, William Reid, Samuel Fitzsim
mons. Alexander Strang. Patrick Flynn.
W. H. Whessa, W. H. McCormick, Cor
poral M. Shanahan and Policemen Bruce
and Hemenez. Some of them testified to
hearing Sauer yell "duck" and the five
shots followed in quick succession.
The preliminary examination of George
Sauer, special officer at the Risdon Iron
Works, on the cliarge of assault to mur
der, .was continued before Judge Mogan
yesterday afternoon. Sauer is accused of
firing five shots at some men who were
working in.a trench for the new. gaso
meter of the Independent Gas Company
at Twenty-third and Michigan streets on
January 2. ' . . ,,-
L. A. Shaver, solicitor from the office
of the .United States Attorney General at
Washington, left for that city yesterday.
He came hither for the purpose of repre^
senting the United States Interstate Com
merce Commission In the trial of the suit
brought by that body against the South
ern Pacific Company, Union Pacific Rail
way Company and its successor, the
Union Pacific Railroad S Company for
charging a certain carload rate on sugar
from Pacific. Coast common points to
Kearney, Nebr., in violation of the inter
state commerce act. When Mr. Shaver
arrived a few days ago he found that the
counsel for the Union Pacific Company
was absent in the East and that there
was no disposition on the part of the de
fendants to agree upon a statement of
facts. United States District Attorney
Woodworth and Mr. Shaver have decided
to try the case next May. In the mean
while United States Court Commissioner
Heacock will take testimony based upon
written Interrogations to be hereafter
made-up. ¦ •
"He will find out differently before he
gets through," answered Dalzell of Penn
sylvania.
Chairman Payne stated that the to
bacco men -would be heard on the 21st,
the beet sugar interests on the 22d and
that General Wood was expected up from
Cuba. The committee then ! adjourned
subject to the call of the chairman.
As the hearings closed Representative
Richardson of Tennessee, the ranking
Democrat on the committee, said: "I no
tice that a very prominent United States
Senator is quoted in to-day's, paper as
saying: the Senate will settle this whole
question, will make a treaty and that we
will have nothing to do with it."
When Representative Long brought out
that Place had sought free trade at Ha
vana the Cuban spokesman explained
amid laughter, that he yielded to the ma
jority, and that by asking much it was
hoped to get as near that as possible.
He gave 60 or 60 per cent as the lowest
concession which would gTant relief.
Louis Place, head of the Cuban delega
tion, was heard as to the tariff reductions
Cuba was likely to make In order to give
the United States control of the market.
He saiu the Cuban tariff was very low now
and should be raised 50 to 70 per cent,
and after that a differential granted to
the United, States sufficient to control the
trade as against other countries. He
favored ultimate free trade, both ways,
which, he said, was the only solution of
Cuba's . commercial problem.
Asks for Free Trade.
Robertson also sought to show that
American capitalists were buying large
sugar tracts in Cuba and -would be ben
efited by reciprocity more : than Cuban
people. v
Armstrong replied that the Interests of
all the Cuban people were bound up with
sugar production and must stand or fall
with it.- . -
Representative Robertson of Louisiana
asked a series of questions tending to
show that the Cuban people had not
spoken for reciprocity and that the move
ment was directed by "the sugar, peo
ple" Interested In the trade. '.-' . • *;< . ;•
Charles Rabidan and C. P. Armstrong
of the Produce Exchange also spoke in
favor of reciprocity, and were examined
at length by Chairman Payne and mem
bers of the committee on the details of
our export trade to the island and the
effect of reciprocity on various sugar in
terests. :
The business men present gave their
opinion that quotations were accurate and
fairly impartial. •
McClellan remarked In this connection
that there was an evident purpose in some
quarters of prejudicing the cause of
Cuban reciprocity by creating a public
lmpesslon that ' the trust was behind it,
whereas all the witnesses thus far had
shown that the Cuban cause stood on Its
own merits.
Representative McClellan of New York
called attention to circulars received, by
himself and other members of the com
mittee attacking the current sugar quota
tions, and stating they were influenced
by the sugar trust.
Quotations Are Accurate.
Financial and economic disaster to Cuba .will
correspondingly injure our tj-ade and material
ly reduce our exports of flour, corn, lard, ba
con, pork, beans, peas, canned goods and. other
commodities. The material reduction of^ our
exports to and from Cuba followed by a cor
responding decrease in the carrying trade, will
result -in a loss of freight to ship owners.
This committee urges such reduction in the du
ties now levied on sugar and tobacco as will
avert this imepndins disaster and thereby safe
guard the interests we represent.
Should the United States refuse to grant a
reduction of duties on the Imports of the two
great staples of Cuba (sugar and tobacco) we
believe the result Will be ruin to the planters,
bankruptcy to the merchant and great distress
to the laboring classes of Cuba, followed by
serious industrial disturbances and disorder.
Ewan Thomas, ex-president of the New
Tork Produce Exchange, presented the
views of that organization. He said that
last year $9,000,000 of American food prod
ucts went to Cuba, about 75 per cent of
the business being done by members of
the Produce Exchange. Continuing, he
said:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Cuban reci
procity was again under consideration to
day by the Ways and Means Committee
with large representations of Cubans and
of various sugar and tobacco interests in
attendance. A delegation from the New
York Produce Exchange favorable to reci
procity and several delegations from the
beet-growing sections opposed to reci
procity arrived this morning.
Louisiana Representative Seeks to
Show That American Capitalists
Are Buying Large Tracts
on the Island.
Intimates That the Cubans
Had Not Asked for
Concessiona
Robertson Says Move
ment Is Directed by
/'Sugar People."
EMPTIED HIS PISTOL
AT MEN IN TRENCH
t ¦ . ¦ ¦* . ' .
consideration would be given to any pro
posals made. . ' . - .
LONDON, Jan. 16.— A strong belief pre
vailed in financial circles here late to-day
that negotiations for peace had been re
opened •¦• between • the leading Boers and
the British Government. South 'African
stocks rose in sympathy with the reports.
The exact nature of what was going on
was not known, but a representative- of
the Associated Press learned that leading
Boers had indirectly approached the Gov
ernment, protesting against the appropri
ation of "-farms in the Transvaal or
Orange River colonies by British settlers,
which system is now being rapidly pushed,
and that-, strong influence had been
brought to bear on the Boer leaders to
save at least a*- vestige of property for
their followers.
,, Whether what is passing to-day be
tween the Boers and the. British Govern
ment can be termed peace negotiations, or
what will be their result, can only remain
speculation for the present. The Stock
Exchange evidently takes a hopeful view
of the outcome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRIAL OP THE SUGAR
RATE CASES GOES OVER
meeting: at The Hague on Tues
day. He Is informed- on.hlgh authority
that after hearing a report, from one of
the leading members of the committee,
who had been in communication with
Kruger the previous day, it was unani
mously decided to approach England with
a view to arranging terms of peace. A
member of the committee said If the de
mand for unconditional surrender was
withdrawn there would certainly be peace
before the end of the month. It was
stated that Dr. de Kuyper, the Dutch
Premier, had just returned from. London,
whither he had gone to sound the British
authorities as to the probable results of a
direct approach by the committee on the
lines that were indicated. He was as
sured on high authority the most careful
BRUSSELS, Jan., 16.— A Rotterdam
correspondent telegraphs , that
the executive committee of the
South African Republics held a
Executive Gommittee of the South African
Republics Believes Great Britain Is Ready
to Consider a Proposal to End the War
NEW LIGHT
IS SHED ON
RECIPROCITY
BOERS ARE PREPARING
TO PROPOSE PEACE TERMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CAIilj, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1902.
Prominent University Student From the
Northern State Wins the Class Honor
by a Large Majority in the Election
OREGONIAN NOW PRESIDES
OVER STANFORD'S SENIORS
3
APTTEBTISF.TffSTfTS.
Magic.
Tbt way Salva-cea cures Pile*.
Physicians everywhere Indorse them because
they are as safe for the child as for the adult:
they are Invaluable for sour stomach, nervous
tyspepela, heartburn, gas on stomach and bow-
Cm and every form of stomach derangement.
All druggists sell and recommend Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, because they contain only
the simple, natural digestives, and taken after
meals prevent acidity and cause prompt diges-
tion and assimilation of food.
"I am 60 thankful for finding a cure so good
and so pleasant to take as Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. I am surarlsed at the change they
have made in me."
•¦My digestion Is fine, my complexion clear
and I am able to do my work and low spirits
are unknown to me.
"I thought I would try a box of Stuart's
Dycpepsa Tablets and see if they would make
me leel better, never really thinking I had dys-
pepsia, but after only three or. four tablets had
been taken all the acid trouble disappeared and
then I discovered I had had acid dyspepsia,
while the doctors had been treating me for
kidney and bladder trouble and one of them
treated roe for rheumatism.
Mrs. Jas. Barton of Toronto. Canada, writes:
"For eighteen months I suffered from what I
supposed was bladder and kidney trouble, and
took medicine from three different doctors,
without any sign of cure. I felt so 111 at last
I was hardly able to do my work.
"South Sudbury, Mass."
"A. ELLMS and CHAS. F. BUZZELL.
"Asst. Postroastc
"Many of zny neighbors hare also tried these
tablets and found them to be just as repre-
sented and Mr. Ellms also wants me to use his
name in endorsing Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Signed
"The one 50-cent box I bought at my drug-
gist's did the work and my digestion Is all
right again.
dollars a box 'would not stop my purchasing
them should I ever suffer again as I did for a
veek before using them.
Five Dollars a Box.
The Price Cut No Figure With Him.
•'I xrant to say for the benefit of tome poor
dyspeptic that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
give comfort and a cure every time, rive
PDTTOIJI7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
ijXiU 0X112*0 era bootblacks, batb-
bouses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eannara.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, sho» factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, tta
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
T&L Steamers leav* Broadway
e&K.. Wharf. San Francisco:
WMSgikfe-... For KetchlJtan. Juneau,
I«j2»y^^^ Skagway. etc, Alaska — 11 a.
|irTS»J«}^ m.. Jan. 11. 18. 21. 2fl. 31.
j E£j»BH VSl Feb - B - Cfc an S a to company's
f" ; HSi^d«'?ii steamers at Seattle.
i •^ftd&SM For Victoria, Vancouver.
" Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
"^¦^^ coma, Everett, New yThat-
ccm— 11 s, m-rJan. 11. lft. 21. 20. 81.
Chanice at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. N. Ky.; at Seattle or Ta-
coraa to N. P. By.: at/Vancouver to > C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 12. 17. 22. 27, Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angele3 and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 8 a. m.
Steamer State of CaL, Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calllns at SanU Cru*
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartord
(San Luis Oblspo). •Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. Saa
Pedro and 'Newport <«Bonlta. only).
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Jan. 2. 10, 13. 28, Je*- 3-
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 6. 14, 22. 30. Feb. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, MazaUan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of eaca
month.
For further Information obtain folder*.
Right is reserved to cnanga steamers or sall-
k&IClCET OFFICE * New Montgomery
OOODALL. PKRKIN3 St CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. Saa Francisco.
Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Throufth Ticket; to all
point*. «!' rait op steamship and roil, at
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH sad HSALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails
' .Jan. 13, 23; Feb. 2. U. 23.
83. GEO. W. ELDER Sails .............
Jan. 18. 28: Feb. 7. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y.a.V.
TOYO KISJEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS Wtt.1* LEAVE WHAM". COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and H0NGK0NO. calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received oa board oa
dr.y of salllnc
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, January 30tn, 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU V«Yv *•«««..
Tuesday, February 23th. 1903
ss - .^^.^fcdiy; MarVh-a,;."!**
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Kor
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HBW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON, LOHDOJf, PAXIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York. Wednesdays at 10 a. ra.
Philadelphia ...Jan. 2?J Philadelphia ...Feb. IS
St. Paul Jan. 29 St. Paul Feb. 19
St. Louis Feb. Bl St. Louis Feb. 28
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Southwark Jan. 22 Zeeland Fsh, 13
Vaderland Jan. 29 Haverford Feb. 19
Kensington ....Feb. 6 Krlesland ......Feb. 2fl
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. •
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
— — - •
ISllCHilll-** ZEALAND «OS>DNE»
„! 0I8ECI LINE TD TAHITI
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.. :.....'..%
.Saturday. Jan. 25, '02, 2 p. ra.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney Thurs., Feb. 6, 10 a. m.
J. D.SP3EUELS k BROS. CO., Okvh I jiuti. S27 Vartoi It
EeiTI Passsngsr Ottes, 643 Harkst St., f fcr lo. 7. Pacific U
PACIFIC STEAM 'NAVIGATION 00.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores '¦
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m. i***85«
TUCAPEL Jan. 28'PALENA Feb. 28
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15IA steamer - — -
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUK. GUTHRIE St CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R,R,S ?
TO NEW YORK. VIA PANAMA D1A£3F.
Cabin. $105 ; Steerage. $40; Meals Free. •
6. S. Argy'.l calls Tuesday, Jan. 23
6. 8. Leelanaw calls Moifday, Feb. 3
t>. i>. Argyll sails Monday. Mmr. 10
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market ' st.
P. F. CONNOR, Pacinc Coast Agent.
C0MP1O5IS G2NE3AL3 IBANSATiaNTIQUl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS jj»^
balling every Thursday. Instead ol££g£3nft
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier ¦IT.uJWSaWi'li
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. 8econ<l
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. Ban Francisco.
Ticket* »old toy all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER ' STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ3
1 Stamen GE9. FRISBIS or M0NTICBLL3
19:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Lear«s
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 9 p. nj.. except
: Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far* M
' cents. Teleohon* Main 1308. I<an<Hnsj and
office, pier 2. Jlisalon-*tre*t dock. HATCH
j BROS. ;
I WeeHy Can $1.00 per Year
-A' tJ ¦ - • ¦ ';' ij ' — ,' '•¦-
5<VK7'.ol 1 CI1 I Y" C * "W^ 'sTJIIlV
¦ . T t A • Jt \ •HIL JL ' Osf "^ fJL _i^w!'j \ '
and overcoats ; jHH\
These suits and overcoats comprise certain . . /^^^^IffliSKifiiiIllfl^\\
lines that were broken to some extent in sizes 4/fflH^ira^
after the heavy holiday selling, and, in addition, /^W^^^llM 1^11111111^^^
some regular goods that were specially reduced UWSffiik^ IHlM ]iillllii' 1^P/
for this sale. When we tell you that the suits sold sSBgyRHfM^
regularly at $12.50, and the overcoats at -xW&IIM
$10.00, we believe. that no further argument is , x^fBlllflH^
necessary in order to impress you with the val- .[ w!l S IP ' Lillll^^Sv' / •' '
ues. We might add that exchanges and altera- \vHSiilil
tions will be made if desired, or money back if U^ffl^^pwlrai^ ''
The suits are single and double breasted v I RsSJI mS^SSmmffSm
sacks, made of Scotch tweeds, in stylish cuts, I llSl^P^^Hf vt
The overcoats are all-wool cheviots, in win- I Lwlf jlllr ifisfcii 1 1
ter length and weight, lined with the best of » Hal fBifl
The suits and overcoats are to be had I Illlslf 1 WjSw i\\\
¦ lS» ¦ f * • ¦
l»1 QP VsHlflC*^ lid
ftj^^r oo'vs <\ f"i d
lj^^^^\ and topcoats ,
/SBISisfffl^TOlfMlBl^lSA X That big valuss are to be obtained at our
clearing sale in the. boys' and youths' depart-
;^aHj^^^S^«ijPij^^^^ ment, we refer to the following reductions — they
\^i»®lnillfiifIffiBffl!l ade °* covert material in neat, light shades
° f tan ' T .°P coats for cnildren fr °m 3 to 8 years,
\ffil!/l ff^^iliilllll topcoat-? for youtlis from 14 to 19, marked down
|llf Bi / Two-piece and Norfolk
IwP'm/ iHnl'M ade of cotcn tweeds fl nd cheviots in neat
Hififl^// llBlHw mixtures, ages 8 to. 16 and 3 :o-io, respectively,
l^railiffl ' • nSs^llfl on sa ' e ' n two Iots: Suits worth $2.75, S3.C0 and
'Iffllwi! I) WM.- £3-$O go at $2.10; Suits worth $3.75, S4.50,
iwilH ;' \* HHH $5- 0: >> U P to $7. 50, go at $2.85. V^- :->' :
§H • ¦¦JliT ¦ ' Youths' Suits '
Emiwl' Wl!i " patterns, ingle or double breasted, former prices
W mm : -' :^} } $7.00, $8.50, $10.00 and $12.50, now reduced.
, ings and caps fDr boys and youths.
A glance at our _ « * j , » Out -of-town or-
windowswillalwaysC* %A//\^fc|^ t* &*!&& ders filled— write us
prove interesting:, %^*/^*3|[W if if |_f QJ i i g # for anything in
whether, you need **~ J[ y T . r^ ,^_y men'sorboys' cloth-
clothes, hats or fur- <-»•»* 1 ¦' -j. ca. -a. - * insr, furnishiners or
nishin^s. 718 Market Street. ha t s .
f Have you ever/ V
tried our H-O
(Hornby's Steam
Cooked Oatmeal)?
Have you ever tried
our Pancake Flour ?
i Try them both, the
one for a breakfast
food the other for^
pancakes or waffles,
and you will class-
The H-O Company
among t'he bene-
factors of mankind.BOXER WHO WON FIFTEEN
ROUND BOUT LAST NIGHT
IN OAKLAND.
The first bout was a farce, as Mike Sul
livan, one of the principals, could not
fight. In the first round Frank George,
his opponent, tossed him over the ropes
and out of the ring. In the next round
buluvan was knocked down four times.
Referee Kitchen stopped the fight in the
third round, as Sullivan was in danger of
being seriously injured. The bout was
amusing while it lasted and put the spec
tators in good humor.
Billy Woods of Eos Angeles knocked
out Henry Martin in the second round
He knocked him down In the first round
After he was down four seconds the gon"
saved him. Woods gave him no respite
in the second round and stopped him with
a clean left. Woods proved a clever
blocker and hard hitter.
the situation and Referee Jack Kitchen
awarded the fight to O'Brien.
Gibbs was seconded by Teddy Alexan
der and Mike Donovan, while O'Brien had
the services of Spider Kelly and Billy
Shannon. O'Brien was favorite In the
betting, the prevailing odds being 10 to 8.
The attendance was good, the racetrack
contingent being out in force. A large
number of spectators from this city were
present.
Third race— Futurity course, selling; 3-year
olds : . . .
3113 Esternell 117 313S Killdoe ......114
3125 Sir Claus 110 3120 Matin Bell... 112
2020 Gypsy Boy... 117 3138 Shell Mount.. 110
3088 Dawson 119 . n .O35 Dulcimer 112
2788 Yrsula 112 3107 G. Whitney.. .117
3120 Constable ...119 3136 Arigato 112
Fourth race — Seven furlongs, selling; 3-year
olds:
.... Imp. Sagltartus.. 3148 Milas 108
\m 3138 Torso Maid.. . 9S
(3138)Col. Girl 107 3128 The Giver.... llff
3114 Huachuca ...103
Fifth race — Six furlongs, the Stockton Han
dicap; 3-year-olds and upward:
312S Meehanus . . . 10S 3147 May W \X5
3140 Kenilworth ..114 3140 Frank Bell... 113
3140 S't'r Jeanie.. 90 3145 February 05
2510 Ada N 100
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 16.— The British
steamer Manchester Corporation, Philadelphia
for Manchester, is ashore on Joe Flog-ger Shoal
in the Delaware Bay, sixteen miles from the
l>ela.ware Breakwater.
By the time Captain Perry has re
ceived the department's communication
he will have arrived at Buenos Ayres
and will probably there learn that he has
been criticized by the Argentine press
The authorities are satisfied that Captain
Perry will be able to make an explana
tion which will be satisfactory to the Sec
retary and to the Argentine people.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Secretary
Long has sent a letter to Captain Thomas
Perry, commanding the battleship Iowa,
inviting his attention to the editorial of
La Prensa, a newspaper of Buenos
Ayres, quoting the naval officer as say
ing in a speech In Chile that in case of
war the Chilean navy would be victori
ous.
Chile Could Whip Argentina
at Sea.
Takpn to Account for Saying That
CAPTAIN" PEEEY MTTST
EXPLAIN EECENT SPEECH
The decision arrived at to-day is the
result of Bix weeks' consideration of the
general subject of Chinese exclusion, the
purpose being- to bring- all the Pacific
Coast interests together into the united
support of one measure. A special com
mittee, with Representative Newlands of
Nevada as chairman, has been going over
the different propositions and submitted
the result of its work at the meeting
held to-day. The bill as presented had a
clause covering the Chinese coming from
the Philippines, but the sentiment at the
meeting was in favor of making the pro
vision more sweeping. The foregoing
amendment then was adopted, the under
standing being that when the- bill was
taken up In the House and Senate some
chang-es might be proposed to this sec
tion^ The bill as a whole has been framed
with a view to making it drastic In everv
particular in excluding the Chinese. It
combines the main feature of the measure
drafted by the Bureau of Immigration
known as the Kahn bill, and that brought
forward by the Federation of Labor.
demonstrated to be effective, and It seems to
me the object of a Chinese exclusion measure
could be most wisely fulfijled by the re-enact
ment of that law with such amendments as I
have already noted. However, we to-day have
presented a bill which has now been intro
duced In the Senate and which, as the resolu
tion adoptad shows, does not represent In its
tntire^y the views of the individual members
cf the committee.
measure offered to the committee and no im
portant amendment thereto was perfectly yaile
factory to all the members. As for myscif, I
believed that thf wisest action that the com
mittee could take would be to re-enact for an
indefinite period the present Chinese exclusion
law with such amendments as would effectually
exclude Chinese from our Insular possessions
and prohibit the coming of Chinese from ir.ose
possessions Into the United States. I, there
fore, informally submitted a resolution to this
effect, to the committee, but did not press it to
a vote. The present law has been thoroughly
terted by the courts, its provisions have been
Our committees of Senators and Representa
tives from all Pacific Coaet Stales nave been
at work for six weeks trying to frame a Chi
nese exclusion bill that would be satisfactory
in all of its provisions to members from the
Pacific Coast, and we hoped generally to toth
houses of Congress. The whole question has
been thoroughly discussed by the comuUttee;
hearings have been held at which delegations
from labor unions and other organizations wore
present. These delegations have been accorded
every privilege in presenting their views. The
•special commission appointed by Governor Gagre
of California also appeared before the com
mittee and presented & bill for its considera
tion. These hearings and the discusslou of the
question by individual members of :he . ccm
laittee showed tha wide divergence of views
on the part of all concerned as to details ar-d
to minor provisions of the proposed act. No
That from and after the passage of this act
the entry into the American mainland terri
tory of the United States of Chinese laborers
coming from any «ir tba Insular possessions of
the United States ehall b* absolutely prohibited
ar.d the prohibition shall apply to all Chinese
laborers, as well as to such as were in Insular
possessions at the lime or times of acquisition
thereof respectively by the United States, or
to those who have come there since and those
\rtio have been born there since and those who
may come there hereafter and those who may
hereafter be born there.
-Representative Loud, chairman of the
committee, in speaking- to-day of the
measure finally prepared, said;
The bill thus to be introduced was
agreed upon at the meeting-- As finally
adopted the insular section reads as fol
lows:
Kesolved. That the Pacific Coast Senators
and Representatives approve the policy and
general provisions of the bill which they have
requested Representative Kahn to introduce
ia the House, and Senator Mitchell In the Sen
ate; but this shall not affect the privilege of
any member to jwrfeot the same by amendment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.-At a largely
attended meeting to-day of Pacific Coast
Senators and Representatives a final de
termination was reached as to the course
to be pursued on Chinese exclusion leg
islation and the following resolution was
adopted:
Provisions of Measure Apply
to Asiatics in Insular
Possessions.
Pacific Coast Represent
atives Agree on Ex
clusion Bill.
PROHIBITS ENTRY
OF ALL CHINESE
Denies an Oil Deal Report.
'BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 16.-The report
which stirred local oil circles to the ef
fect that the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company had purchased section 33 in the
Kern River fields from the Imperial and
Thirty-Three Oil companies was to-day
strenuously denied. S. L. Mack, cashier
¦To-morrow (Saturday) is the day we sell
Bannister's Shoes worth $5.00 for $1.00 the
pair. Come and see us. Busy Bee Shoe
Co., 1029 Market street, above Sixth. •
For Gentlemen.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 16.-A fire .which Is be
lieved to ¦ have been- started for the pur
pos« of /covering "up a robbery occurred
in the residence, of Mrs. Louisa Kdppel
at 55 North- Fifth ."/Street shortly after
noon ; to-day. ., The blaze was discovered
in the • bedroom of . Miss Koppel on i the
s f c ? n e d j?°«°. r - fter the flre.it was found
that 5i0p in coin and a . va^^le necklace
worth $125 .wdfe missing; it is thought
the room. was robbed and fire started to
hide the, theft.; Two rooms -were dam
aged-before the bJaze . was extinguished
The loss by fire fa about $400.
Fire Nearly Conceals Theft.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 16.— The combi
nation of transportation companies which
have had a monopoly on the wharfage and
warehouse privileges at St. Michael, the
distributing point . for Nome and j north-'
ward points and the relay station for all
goods going up the Yukon River, besides
being the terminal for the ocean and river
steamers, has at las^ been broken. The
Dawson & White Horie Navigation Com
pany has split the pool by securing a
permit from the War Department at
Washington to erect wharves, warehouses
and store buildings at St. Michael." These
privileges have heretofore been controlled
by a general agreement between the few
companies operating under permits/ and
outsiders; in a business way, have. been
kept from "treading on the ; grass."
Pool at St. Michael Broken.
LOS «ANGELES, Jan. 16.— Although
Henry E: Huntington continues to deny
his purchase of the Chllds property of
nine acres, it is known the- first payment
for the -.property has been made in a
check for $50,000 paid "to Mrs, Emeline
Chllds.y Options are being secured of
holdings in the vicinity of Main, Hill
Eleventh and Twelfth- streets, and nearly
all the property in the neighborhood has
been tied up, for what purpose is not dis
closed. It has been intimated a huge ho
tel building Is to be erected on the site
on plans similar to the Ponce de Leon at
St. Augustine. ; .
May Erect a Great Hotel.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 16.— The North
ern 'Pacific Railway Company' will pre
sent to the State of, Montana a magnifi
cent oil painting which is to be hung over
the grand stairway of the new capltol. %
Amedee Joullin, a celebrated San . Fran
cisco • artist, i who has been employed by
the railway company to paint the picture,
arrived to-day to look over the . capltol.
The picture will be 15 by 10 feet in slzo
and will be a reproduction as near as can
be of the. historic scene at Gold Creek,
when .the last spike was driven for the
Northern Pacific Railroad. The . picture
will contain pictures of President Grant;
Mr. Villard, W. M.. Evarts, Colonel Bill
ings and other notables who were present
on the occasion. In the background will
be a number of Indians. The work will
be painted in San Francisco.
Railway Company.
Montana by . North Pacific
Paintings Will Be Presented to
JOULLIN IS ENGAGED
TO I/ARGE PICTURE
"Joe" Stapleton, the baseball authority,
has just recovered from a severe attack
of pneumonia which has confined him to
his room for a month past.
"Joe'V Stapleton' Recovers.
There will: be a meeting of the "Jack"
Dempsey Memorial Fund Association -to
night in room 33,916 Market street. It is
intended ? to discuss plans which will
give the movement a start in the East.
Jack Dempsey Memorial Fund.
FORT SMITH, Ark., Jan. 16.-The
southbound Kansas City Southern pas
senger train was held up last night at 11
o'clock half a mile from Spiro, I. T., by
seven masked men. The express and
mail cars were entered. The local safe
in the express car was opened, but noth
ing secured from it. The robbers tried to
open the through safe, but failed. Then
they rifled the mail car and it is said se
cured a quantity of registered mail.
The scene of the robbery Is fifteen
miles from Fort Smith. A report to-day
from there says that United States mar
shals are scouring the country in search
ol the robbers. Three suspects, miners,
have been arrested and taken to Po
teau, I. T.
The robbers flagged the team between
Spiro and Redland. While two of the
seven men covered the engineer and fire
man with revolvers, others forced a por
ter to uncouple the baggage car. John
Block, a traveling salesman, alighted
from the train and was about to fire upon
one of the robbers when he was pre
vented by Conductor Sullivan, who feared
that the men would fire into the passen
ger coaches. The baggage car uncoupled
the engineer was compelled to pull up the
road a distance of one mile. There the
bandits went through the baggage and
mail cars. Their work finished, one of
the robbers handed the messenger the re
volver taken from him, and all made for
the timber.
This afternoon postoffice officials here
deny that any registered mail was taken,
and the express officials say that one
package containing |3 covers their loss.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— The Senate
today for a brief time had under con
sideration the bill creating a Department
of Commerce 'and the discussion tended
to show that the measure will have to be
amended in many particulars before ' it
oin receive the approval of the Senate.
Serious objections were raised to the
transfer to the proposed department of
several important bureaus now a part of
other departments of the Government. - It
was pointed out that if the bill as report
ed became a law it would create the
greatest department of the Government
and that the Secretary of Commerce
would have more power even than the
Secretary of the Treasury.. % •-.,.
A large number of uncontested bills and
private pension bills Were passed, after
which the Senate • adjourned until Mon
day.
Transfer of Several Impor
tant Bureaus.
Serious Objections Are Raised to the
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
\ BELL IS TO BE MODIFIED
-STOCKTON,' Jan. 16.— To-day saw an
agreeable , change in the weather. The
fog which had enveloped the city ' for
nearly a month lifted and for a time the
sun shone. It clouded up soon, however,
and a drizzling rain began falling. In the
absence of rain the fog, of the past few
weeks has been the salvation of the grain;
as evaporation has been prevented and
there is still considerable moisture in the
ground. Grain is in fine condition, and
with showers from now on there should
be an Immense crop, as there is a good
acreage in, especially in this county
SAN JOSE, Jan. 16.— There were several
slight showers of rain here this-forenoon
and the indications are good Tor more.
The weather is becoming warmer and the
moon's change to-day is regarded as a
cause of it. There have been neither foga
nor frosts for two days. (
MILTON, Jan. 16.— After, two weeks of
continuous fog the weather has cleared
up to-day. During the period cold weath
er has prevailed most of the time, but the
fog has prevented injurious frosts and
as the fog has been of the damp variety
grass and grain have not suffered mate
rially for lack of, rain and have held their
own fairly well during the dry spell.
Grain which was sown just previous to
the foggy spell has to some extent Totted
In tha ground. A rain at. this juncture
would be very timely /and would bring
crops out in fine shape.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16.-Forecast
Official Franklin predicts probable
showers within the next twenty-four
hours. Rain is badly needed all over
Southern California, and should it come
within the next few days would be of
immense benefit.
The present spell of dry weather has
been of unusual duration. The atmos
phere to-night Is very sharp and heavy
frosts are predicted. There was consid
erable frost this morning throughout
this section, but no damage has been re
ported.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 16.— The cold foggy
weather of the last ten days gave way
thi3 morning to bright sunshine and a
gentle breeze from the west. Indications
are for rain, but in. the meantime the resi
dents of Sonoma County 5 are enjoying
typical spring weather.. '
Wrecked Craft Still Unidentified
VICTORIA, B. C, Jah.*16.— The steamer
Queen City reached port from *the ; , west
coast this morning', bringing: more • news
of the wrecked schooner which was seen
upside down off the coast.. Further than
that the- wreckage bore the letters "L.
Paint,"'- no identification was- learned
The name L Paint is not found among
registered vessels • on this coast. -The
wreck is battering- to pieces on the rocks
near Cape Beal lighthouse.
Failing to Open Through
Safe, Little Loot Is
Secured.
Slight Showers Moisten
Fields. in Several
Localities.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 16.— Tommy
Ryan of this city and Rube Ferns of
Scammon, Kan.; to-day signed articles to
box twenty rounds before the club offer
ing the best inducements. Each- man de
posited $500 with a local newspaper as for
feits. The match will take place within
ninety days. ' .
Ryan to Fight Ferns.
FOG PROTECTS
GROWING GRAIN
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards — Eva
Rice won. Cast Iron second. Garter Ban third.
Time. 1:45. ,
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— St Wood
won. Ecome second, Jerry Hunt third. Time,
1:14%.
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs — Ida
Ledford won, Andes second, Semicolon third.
Time, 1:27.
Third race, five ana a half furlongs — Ogle
won. Lady Alberta second, The Hoyden third.
Time, l:0G»i.
First race,- six furlongs, selling— Weird won,
Ben Frost second." Olekma third. Time, 1:15^.
Second race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing — KIngstelle won. Shut Up second, Socapa
third. Time. 1:55.
VtT&W. ORLEANS. Jan. 16. — Crescent City re-
New Orleans Racing-.
The session terminated at 6:30 o'clock
without coming- to a vote on the/plan of
accepting The Hague articles.
At the afternoon session 'the Chilean
delegates resumed their speech making.
Senor Alzamora of Peru had just risen
to reply when a sharp shock of earth
quake spread consternation through the
assembly, and for nearly one minute
afterward the gilded hall of session
swayed and groaned like the salon of an
ocean Hirer. The delegates sprang from
their chairs and grabbed their desks in
alarm, but were reassured by the calm
ness of the Mexicans. The proceedings
were interrupted for fully ten minutes.
When Senor Alzamora resumed his
speech, he alluded in temperate though
unmistakable terms to the difficulties
which Chile had put fn the way of the
convening of the conference, and the ob
stacles she is now making to the trans
action of business.
* Blestagana of Chile made an effective'
answer. • ¦ . • . - .
Buchanan of the United States, Senor
Macedq of Mexico and Serior Bermejo of
Argentina made speeches,- asking in turn:
"If we are all agreed, what is there to
discuss?" ¦ . ¦ . ' '
MEXICO CITY. Jan. 16.— The event of
the day, in the Pan-American conference
was, it may be said, the earthquake this
afternoon. The Chileans had prolinged
through the entire morning their dilla
tory tactics. The burden of their speeches
was always the same: "We are all in
favor of The Hague convention, but it
must not pass through. the conference
without discussion."
Hp.11 but Are Reassured by
Calmness of Mexicans.
Members Prepare to Run From the
EARTHQUAKE SHOCK ALARMS
PAN-AMERICAN DELEGATES
.Second race— One mile, selling: 4-year olds
and upward :
3145 Rollick .68 3104 Gusto :..100
30S7 Tizona 103 3133 Dlomed 103
.... Rim Rock.... 101
William Murry has two very useful
two-year-olds in Somenos and Puss in
Boots. Neither will experience much diffi
culty in leaving the maiden class.
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows:
First, race — One mile and fifty yards, sell
ing; 4-year-olds and upward:
3124 Antolee 102 3052 Burdoc 100
3133 Wo|hurst 100 3131 Limelight 100
3081 A loha II 109 30S» Osmond 10»
3143 Gawalne 104 3131 UHoa 107
Charley Ellison, the plunger and owner
of horses, leaves for Memphis and New
Orleans to-day, accompanied by his wife.
After a short business trip to the two
Southern cities he will. recuperate at Hot
Springs for a month or more. Charley
beat the last two races yesterday, which:
left him a trifle less than J10.000 loser on
his California outing. He remarked that
•¦he still liked our climate" and would be
here next season with some horses.
Winnie O'Connor won the last three
races on the bill of fare. It is doubtful
if any other rider on the track could
have landed Siddons, thinking the task a
useless one. The coin went into the
books on the Stevens entry, in chunks and
it was a fortunate win.
Handicapper Brooks, who has been on
the ailing list for a couple of days, was
out again yesterday attending to his du
ties. . ' . . . •
Track Notes.
Sixth race— One mile and fifty yards gelltnct
4-j-ear-ol<Ja and upward: • » e »m«;i
31.T4 Fidel Toulln..l07| 3141 Rnshfl«>M« n*
«g »• of York n.-io« %\\\ oS5SS d !.:;ivi
3137 Mallakwa ....112 1 3141 Picador ...I. .107
Selections for
c
To-Day.
First race—Gawalne. LJmeli ffht. Osmond.
Second race —Rollick. Dlomed. Gusto.
Third race—Shell Mount. Killdoe, Constable.
Fourth race—The Giver, Colonial Girl. Hua
huca.
Fifth race—May W, February, Sister Jeanie.
Sixth race—Lavator. Mallakwa, Picador.
The man who blows his own horn is
rr.erely a self-entertainer.
£ T he T B T?T nk , of Bak e«fleld and brother
?ii' J f «? ack ' ° ne . of the °ri«taal organ-1
izers of the companies, states that the re
da?- w ?4^ lthout foundation. He Sa ?d to
£?/,; « Th w o^'y^ change that has tak«>n
place in the holdings in question is tha
substitution of superintendlnts w A
Hersey having resigned and W. S. Bosks
being substituted." us «> s
SEVEN BANDITS
HOLD UP TRAIN
Both men proved masters in the art of
blocking, stopping many blows which the
spectators thought had .reached their
mark.
Gibbs made his first rally in the eighth
and O'Brien hung on to avoid punishment.
When Gibbs stopped O'Brien went at him
and had him in distress at the bell. The
ninth round was a repetition of the pre
ceding one.
Gibbs made another rally in the twelfth,
but O'Brien took all the punishment he
could give. 1
O'Brien scored a clean knockdown with
a right to the head in the thirteenth.
Gibbs took eight seconds on the mat.
When he stood up O'Brien showered right
and left to the head. Gibbs protected his
chin and took the blows without wincing.
The bell stopped hostilities when they had
reached an interesting point.
The last two rounds made no change in
O'Brien was the aggressor the major
portion of the fight. For a time it, seemed
Gibbs was letting him tire himself out,
but O'Brien retained his strength to the
end. Had he been able to put Bomejspeed
into his blows he would have won long
before the stipulated fifteen rounds had
been fought.
After the fight Gibbs attributed his poor
showing: to the fact that he had found
It difficult to make the required weight
and had weakened himself in the effort.
The fight went the full fifteen rounds
for which it was scheduled and proved a
disappointment to the spectators. Gibbs
•seemed fighting "under a wrap." Round
after round went by and the spectators
were expecting him to cut loose and win
handily, but the end came without him
doing so. In the last four rounds Gibbs
opened proceedings by rushing, but these
rallies seldom lasted more than fifteen
seconds, when his effort faded away to
nothing.
JACK O'BRIEN of New York was
given the decision over Young
Gibbs last night in their fight be
fore the Acme Athletic Club, Oak
land.
Runs responsible for — Fraser 1 , Lee 1
Three-base hit— Broekhoff. Two-base hits-
Pickering:, Kelly. Bradley. BrockholT, Lajole.
Sacrifice hits— Hulen. .Davis. Van Haltren.
btelnfeldt. First base on errors — All-Americas
2. Nationals 2. Finst base on called balls—
All-Americas 1, Nationals 8. Left on bases
AU-Americas 7, Nationals 3. Struck out— By
Fraser 2. by Lee 4. Hit by pitcher— Hulen.
Double Dlav — Steinfeldt to Broekhoff to Beck
ley. Passed ballss — Davis 2. Kelly 1. Time of
game — 2 hours. Umpire — James McDonald.
Official scorer— Harry Cashman.
SUMMARY.
All-Americas .0.0 2 0 0 0. 1 :o 0 0 3
Base hits....l 0 2 1 O 1 4 1 O 0—10
Nationals ..-..il o o O-'l O 0 10 1 4
Base hits.... 1 0 1.01,1 0 1 1 0 — 0
Totals 34 4 0 1 30 14 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
r. ,«.«.„_ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhcff. 2b. 4 .*! 2 0 3 2 2
Van Haltren, c. f... 4 0 2 O 3 0 0
" ul . e "- • t(b 2 o i) o 1 2O
Steinfeldt, ss 4 0 0 0 3 5*0
Lee. P 5 0 0 0 2 2 0
Beckley. lb 4 0 0 0 y 0 0
McHale, 1. f.. 4 0 10 10 0
Kolly c. t 3 1 ! o « 3 0
Schmidt, r. f 4 0 01 2 0 0
NATIONALS.
„. , AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering, 1. f 5 1 . 2 120 0
Barrett, c. t 5 1 .2 1 0 0 1
Mercer. 2b 4 0 O 1 3 2 O
LaJoie, 1b 5 0 3 0 12 2 O
Davis, c 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
Bradley, 3b 4 0 2 0 0 3 0
Irwin, ss 4 1 1 ¦ 1 2 :{ x
Bernhardt, 2b 4 0 0 0 3 0.0
Fraser, p 4 0 "O (I 4 1 0
Totals 39 ~s 10 ~4 30 13 ~2
ALL- AMERICAS.
The stars from the National League
presented a patched-up sort of a ball team
yesterday at Recreation Grounds, but for
all that it proved good enough to. make
Ixajoie's mighty sluggers run second. For
the -edification.- of 'the spectators and in
cidentally to add Vim and life to the con
test, Stelhfeldt and Jinx McDonald es
sayed to indulge in a little one-act pugil
istic comedy in- the third inning.' Fortu
nately the row was quieted before any
damage resulted.'
Mercer was passed and immediately
proceeded to steal second while Lee had
the ball. Lee turned and threw to Stein
feldt in. order to, retire the runner. Mer
cer slid and was? called safe by McDon
ald. ' Steinf eldt took exception to the de
cision and without any provocation what
ever struck the umpire on the face. Mc-
Donald's ire was thoroughly aroused and
he went for the player, landing a couple
of stiff punches. A lively exchange of
blows followed, but the men were imme
diately separated by the rest of the play
ers and a couple of special policemen.
rhe game required ten innings, and
while rather slow at times it was well
contested and was characterized by good
batting and some fast work in the field.
It was of , the see-saw order, first one side
leading only to be overcome by the other.
The Nationals opened the tenth with the
score board reading "three all." Broek
hoff took four bad ones, went to second
on van Haltren's sacrifice, advanced to
third oh a passed ball and arrived with
the winning tally on Steinfeldfs sacrifice
nit. The All-Americas could not score
in their half. , Although they outbatted
their opponents and at times outfielded
them, they could not get hits at exactly
the right time. v
Mercer played a star game at second.
In the fifth McHale hit one out away
over Mercer's head, but he was in the air
with one. hand, making one of the pret
tiest catches of the season. Again in the
eighth he threw Steinfeldt out at first on
a drive that looked quite safe. Broekhoff
lined out a tripple and a double, while
little Kelly performed .very well behind
the bat. Van Haltren worked his bunt in
old-time style, making two hits in this
way.
"Billy" Lange, the famous center fielder
who used to chase balls for Chicago, will
play center field for the, All-Americas
next Sunday. An endeavor will be made
to get Iburg and "Whalen to oppose each
other on the same day. The score:
"Billy" Lange Will Play in
Center Field for All
j Americas.
After quite a rest. Bernota came out in
the closing seven-furlong event and a
well backed second choice, ran as if an
extension of his vacation would do him
good. Floronso carried all the smart
money and backed down to even money
favoritism won galloping from Reina de
Cuba.
In the "kindergarten" scramble big
things were expected of Adirondack, the
Burns '& Waterhouse entry, which fact
enabled the followers of the favorite
Hudson, to get 3 to 2 against their money.
The outsider, Puss in Boots, led the first
choice into the straight for home, where
Mounce sat down hard on Hudson, and he
drew ahead, winning by a length. Bull
man on Adirondack, cut off soon after the
start, came on in time to nose out Puss
in Boots for the place.
Such a hot tip as Siddons was for the
mile and a quarter selling affair has not
been passed around* for days. Expecting
10, the top price the horse's admirers got
was 3, and only O'Connor's riding deliv
ered the merchandise. From the start the
good thing lacked speed, but O'Connor
persevered, and moving up foot by foot
from last position received the verdict
over Morinel at the wire by a nose. THe
others were strung out behind In proces
sional order.
Twelve started in the five furlong
sprint for three-year-olds, » with Tom
Ryan's entry, Our Pride, turning up a
handy winner, well ridden by Ransch.
The brother of The Pride raced the favor
ite. John Peters, to a standstill, and led
Bassenzo out with considerable to spare.
The winner's odds were played down from
10 to 5.
Four favorites were successful, Hudson,
Autolight, Siddons and Floronso. Bag
dad, at 25, and Our Pride, a 10 to 1 shot,
were the surprises. . -
Bagdad, a 25 to 1 outsider, ridden by
"Texas": Winslette, ran all around his field
in the first event, at seven furlongs, and
won easily from Novia, another outsider.
Marineuse, the favorite, . showed promi
nently to the stretch, and then began fad
ing: away. O'Connor on Gold Finder fin
ished third.
! a FTER the exciting conclusion to
f\ the Santa Cruz handicap over a
Ao\ mile at Oakland yesterday, when
A. j\ Autolight, carrying- U9 pounds,
v '-only beat Position *a short neck,
the latter shouldering 115, it was' easy to
figure why "Dell" Fountain's gelding cut
such a figure in past handicaps when
asked to pick up only light imposts. The
track was not as fast as it had previously
been, owing to the light downpour of rain
during the early morning, still Autolight
was forced to step the distance in 1:39% to
win. It is generally, conceded that the
last mentioned horse is the best of the
all-aged division here and he- closed an 8
to 5 chance. Four to 1 was laid about
Position and 4% against the Burns &
Waterhouse pair, San Nicolas and Scotch
Plaid. San Nicolas did not appear to have
a chance, and finished far back,, after dis
playing some early speed. At the start
Burns on Lapidus went out In the lead,
followed by Bathos and San Nicolas.
Down the back stretch O'Connor on Auto
light lay so far out of it that the horse's
backers were almost t-eized with heart
failure. Mounce made his move earlier
than usual with Position, turning into the
stretch third. He tried to steal a march
on the favorite, but Autolight stood for
all of O'Connor's hard urging without
flinching, scoring in a desperate drive.
McGinn finished third on JlmsHale.
Steinfeldt and McDonald
Come to Blows Over
a Decision.
Winnie ¦¦¦O.'Gohn.pir Pilots the Last Three Winners on the Card at
Oakland— Siddons, a Plunged r 0n Favorite, Downs Morinel but
a Nose— Our Pride an Easy First, Hammered Down From lOto£
iTHE CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART,
NATIONALS WIN
A CLOSE FIGHT
AUTOLIGHT DEFEATS POSITION
IN FIERCELY CONTESTED FINISH
THE ' SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ JANUARY 17, 1902.
New Yorker Puts No Speed in His Blows,
While the Colored Man Gives Spectators
ihe Idea He Is "Going Under a Wrap"
O 'BRIEN OF NEW YORK WINS
ON POINTS FROM YOUNG GIBBS
OAKLAND RA<35TRAffK—^?1^^
3149. FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and np; to first. $325.
Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. V%- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
iuil Bagdad 5 104 4 10 8 12 112 H. L. Haskell.Winslette] 10 25
8121 Novla a 102 10 4h 41 4^ 21 Brown & Co Jackson 8 8
(8119) Gold Finder, B...106 3 51 61 3h 3% M. Storn O'Connor & 0
3119 Courtier 4 101 6 7 h 5h 5 h 4 2 Ezell & Lazarus.. Burns 10 x
30-38 DarJene, 4 99 7 8 h • 9 1 Mi 6 >i Dr. Rowell.L. A. Jacksn 7 S
3132 Marineuse 4 ....101 5 3h 3h In 63 J. Conway Ransch 16-5 7-2
3137 Invlctus, 4 101 2 1^ In 7^78 James Wilson... McGinn 6 10
3042 Ural 4 101 0 6 h 10 8 2 8 1 W. E. Cotton.. ..J. Daly 15 15
30S1 Quib'o 4 101 8 2 2 21 »1 92 Evans & Price. .Redf era 10 lt>
8078 Rasp 4 102 1 9 2 7 1 10 10 J. Green Ransom* 15 20
(3127) Einstein. 6 110 » ... L- Levy Bnllman 5 7
Time — V*, :24;& :4S%: %, 1:15; %, 1:28. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. H. I». Haskell's ch. g. by Rio Bravo- Rosabella. Winner best. Novla ran a
fair race. Marineuse Quit. Darlene pocketed. McGinn on Invletus probably crackir.se
jokes, which always gets a good deal at the wire. Scratched — Nllgar 104, Go Out 107.
?Left. . _ { 1 ¦ ¦__ -j.-J
H15O. SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first. $325.
_ _ _ _ _„_ ___ , Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. V%. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3107 Our Pride 114 1 2~2 1 *4 ' ... 1~3 T. H. Ryan Ransch 10 5
M142 Bassenzo 119 3 32 32 ... 24 Jennings & Co..-Troxler 5 12
3107 John Peters 117 2 In 2 2 ... »n J. W. Schorr.. J Woods 2 2
3061 Bendara 117 10 10 7 }£ ... 4n J. Burrows ."Jackson 10 20
3111 Mont. Peeress 117 4 4n 4 1 ... 5 1 Chinn & Forsythe.. Jones 8 15
.'IOCS Malaspina .117 552 6h ... 61 Mallowmot Farm.. Burns 5-2 R
2970 Phil Crimmins....ll7 7 8 2 6 1 ... 7 3 Elmwood Farm..Howgon 15 40
(:$125) King Herald 119 11 11 8 % ... 8 2 Mrs Grosshelm & Co.Spn 6 .10
.1005 John H. Carr 114 9 9% 91 ... »3 Mrs. Tuberville.. Mounce 10 20
3001 Discovery 117 6 7 1 10 ... 10 2 L McCreery Conley 20 30
3114 Cathello 117 8 8 1 11 ... 11 Clayton & Co.. O'Connor 4 6
(3077) Torila 117f « ... E. I. Wheeler. .Bullman 6 10
T1 me— «. :23y,; % - :4S: % - 1:01%- Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, T. H. RyajTS b. g. by Dundee -Our Pet. Our Pride was inclined to run out. Peter*
quit. Bendara came from far back. Malaspina gave it up. Cathello away poorly. _^Left.
3151. THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; to first, $325.
Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. 15. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2J:"S Hudson "1 4 ••• 2 1 2n 11 B. Schrelber Mounce 8-2 4-5
31..9 Adirondack 107 1 ... 4^31 2 ns Burns & Waterh3..Bullm 9-5 6-2
3072 Puss in Boots 107 5 ...In In 35 A. Josephs Jackson 10 15
MHO Montezuma Ill :{ ... 3 Vj 4 h 4 5 Capps & Lonfr..McCarty 8 12
3139 Venecia 107 2 ... 5 15 5 10 5 15 Baldwin & Co. ..Ransom 4 6
3105) Temprano ... 109 B ... 6 30 B 30 6 20 G. Van Gorden. .Troxler 10 30
312C Arabo 110 7 ... 7 7 7 W. B. Jennings. .. Burns 10 23
Time — %, :24; 3%t :42%. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner. B. Schrelber'a b. c.
by Foul Shot-Rebecca Panique. Hudson the best seasoned. Adirondack cut off on turn
soon_after start. Puss in Boots is a fast filly.
31 5^. FOURTH RACE — One mile; Santa Cruz handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $500.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. }£. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. *CT.
(.1074) Autolight. 4 119 1 51 8 2n In G. B. Morris.. O'Connor 2 8^5
<- { 12?) Position. 5 115 4 8 5 ti 1 n 2 5 D. S. Fountain.. Mounce 3 t
3134 Jim Hale. 4 103 6 41 41 3n 3 ns W. L. Stanfleld. .McGinn « 10
,2V?7v ? cot £ h p . lald ' «•• 105 5 64 71 52 4n Burns & Waterhs.Rnsch 5-2 9-2
{ i}W w P . ldU9 ' 3 " •••-••-IO 4 5 1*4 2 2 4h 51 Jennings & Co.. T. Burns 6 »
312S Waterscratch, 3.. 101 8 72 en 61 66 F. Bummers & Co.Jcksn 8 7
(3128) San Nicolas. 3... 112 7 &J In 73 73 Burns & Waterhs.BlIman • •
3147 iBathos. 5 97| 2 2 V 3 h 8 8 J. J. Moran J.Daly 10 20
Time — V4, :25; %(,, :10?4; %. l:14ii; mile, l:S0^. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner. G .B. Morris* br. h. by Autocrat-Silver Light. It took hard riding to land Autolight.
O Connor -grew very affectionate near the wire, bumping Position slightly. Jim Bale ran a
nice race. Lapidus quit. Too much weight on San Nicolas. "Coupled with Scotch Plaid.
3153. FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; 4-year-olds and np; to first. $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. *j. V*. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op!" 1^.
f"j ?' d 5 on ?- 4 10 » I J i " «1 1 n» T, H. Stevens.. O'Connor 2 ~9
3044 Morinel. a 99 8 5h 3 1 In 2% . M. Storn ..J.Daly 6 10
3135 R del S Juan, a.. 103 11 9 h 8 2 % 3 2 • M. Forster . T Burns 10 «0
3141 iSylvanLMM. 6....107 6 4^5h 3 1 4 1 John KJ. i..;. Prto « 12
3135 lExpedient, 5 99 1 2 1 4h 5 1 5n P. E. Smith.... McGinn R 8
Si 2 ' * , 6? 63 K. M. Borchert.. Ransom 10 25
3111 Alicia, a 11110 1O 2 10 'i 8 1 7 5 P. Moore . Mounce 1 R
3127 Lost Girl, a »7 2 In" 2 1 7^ 85 IE G. McConnell Jckson 1O 7
3137 Plead. 4 104 3 8 1i »1 9 3*94 J. Roihert..! ... Rans^h 4 «
3112 Billy Lyons, 4 ....1061 5 11 6 h 11 11 |j. B. Bortano..A. Kellyj 20 30
Time — V*.' :25Yj: Vj, :51 : %. 1:16^: mile. 1:43; 1% m.. 2:08%. Good start Won first thret*
driving. Winner. T. H. Stevens' b. h. by Wadsworth-Modjeska. Only the most diligent ef*
fort on O'Connor's part won the race. Morlael very tired. Too much earlyuse made of &
_pedient._ away poorly.^ pi^^tio account. Racivo will be hard to beat next time.
3154. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; gelling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index [Horse. Age. Weight, jst. %. %;' ' str. Jin. Owner and Jockey. o£ tU *ci. '
3106 IFloronso, a 110 3 5n 02 31 12 P Vnrnln. Tvr^ZZZ r Z~~Z ~T
3137 IMerops. 6 KM 7 7 1 71 4h 4 1 F D WelV Jackfon * a
30OS tBernota. 4 104 6 6 1 4-h 5 1 5n Burns &Waterh,RnS5 5 «2
3118 I Katie Walcott. 5.102 4 212n Gl 61 R Kaufman I -S^ i5 U i5
SOS'S (Hungarian. 0 1O7I 2 3 n 5 h 7 17 1 G W Mnt?r * ' "x T?^™ = X % $Z
2091.( a anvenado.a....llo|8 8 8 8 8 It! T!-p!ecto r .'. .-.^r iq g
Tim f— M..:23>4; H. :«; -%. 1:14H: %. 1:27. Good .start. Won easily Second and thZt
drl ,y lng « wlnne ,T- P- McGuire's b. gr. by Fonso-Florence E. Floronso only galloDed
quit. Merops showed improvement. Bernota out of it early Hunrariin ™n . a
Scratched— Our Lizzie 102. Flamero 104. Captivate 107. CoaJST 107. GlpraUa^llO? poort y-
4
1 Shirts for Big Men §
m \. He i5 e is a veritabl e snap in shirts for big men. We have gone >: I
m through our stock and taken most of our bie sizes of shirts— x&A l\
m 17, UK and 18— and have decided to sell them all out for 6oc. The H
m values are $i.oo and $1.25. The shirts have laundered bosoms and fj
M jomein all imaginable colors and patterns. They are all well made 11
by some of the best shirtmakers of the continent; the materials » I
M are good quality Madras and Garner's percale; eveTy shirt full size !
m and liberally cut; while they last the price will be - i
U ' * • iJ
m Remember the shirts are for big men only, from i6y 2 to ia II
M Out-of-town orders filled— write us. M
I SMV0QD&0> I
W 718 Market Street. iJ
AJ>^/ KK.TTSKM HN'i*!S-
» - - - .
that's all. No energy, no
vim, no vigor, no ambition.
The head aches, thoughts
are confused, memory fails.
Life becomes a round of
work but half accom-
plished, of eating that docs
. not nourish, of sleep that
, fails to refresh • and of
resting tfyat never rests.
That's the beginning of
nervous prostration. *<&&£
"1 was venr uervou,-. and w tired
and exhausted that I could not do my
work. One dose of Dr. Miles* Nervine
quieted my nerves and drove away the
lassitude. Seven, bottles did wonders
in restoring my health."
Mas. M. E. Lacy, Fortville, Ind.
Dr. Miles'
Nervine
strengthens the worn-out
nerves, refreshes the tired
brain and restores health.
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.Q. — Do you remember anything whether it
referred to Mr. Deane's appointment or not?
A. — I remember another thing that was brought
to my attention to-day. Shortly after the con
tract was made the Chronicle had an editorial
in the paper in favor of Mr. Mahony. •
Q. — Do. you remember anything stated In,
that contract relative to Mr. Deane's appoint
ment? A. — That I cannot state, whether chief
deputy or registry clerk.
Q. — Mr. Flood, to the best of your knowl
edge torday, what was the consideration for
such appointment in that contract; why was
Mr. Deane to be appointed to any position in
the County Clerk's office by Mr. Mahony? A. —
The consideration?
Q.— Why was Mr. Mahony going to appoint
Mr. Deane to any position In his office? A.—
I think the consideration was by reason of tha
efforts he would make in his behalf.
Q. — To secure his election? A. — Yes, sir;
and his friends, I think.
Q.— And his friends? A.— And his friends.
I think.
Q. — Was there any consideration you remem
ber relative to his withdrawing from the con
test Of securing the nomination of the Repub
lican Convention? A.— That I don't remember.
Q. — You don't remember anything pertaining
to that? A. — I do not; as to the contents, t
do not.
Q. — Mr. Flood, do you remember you stated
Q. — Since your memory has been refreshed,
what do you remember now in regard to that
contract? A. — Mr. Deane called my attention
to certain transactions, and I remember there
was a ccntract.
Q. — You remember you witnessed a contract?
A. — Yes. sir.
Q. — Do you remember you- drew that con
tract up? A. — I cannot get that clear in my
mind yci. The chances are I did draw it. or
whether it was from dictation, or maybe Mr.
Deane told me what he wanted and I sat down
and drew. up the contract.
Q. — You are sure it was typewritten? A.—
If written at all I am sure it was.
Q. — You signed as a witness? A. — I remefl*
ber I signed that paper.
Q. — Do you remember the contents of thai
paper? A. — No. sir, I do not.
i}. — Jsn't It a fact you drew that contract up
yourself? A. — I would like to explain, Mr.
Mayor. Since seeing you yesterday I had &
conversation with Mr. Deane to-day, in whicn
he refreshed my memory and called my at
tention to certain things, and do remeir.b«T
now. As I said yesterday, I do not deny that
there was a contract drawn, but I want..:! tj
find out at the time, because I had urawri
several papers for Mr. Deane in the offlcj.
Q. — What was your reason? A. — To. find out
if he was going to make Mr. Deane l!w chief
deputy.
Q. — Whom, did you go with? A. — Mr. Brttt.
Q. — Isn't it a fact that you went cut to nee
if you could *4Uaro this matter up? A. — No.
sir, not exactly; to see if Mahony .was going
to carry- out hi* promise.
Q. — Tou went to Mahony's house to inter
view him? A. — He sent a reporter »:i a car
riage with roe.
Q. — What did you say to Mr. Leake when be
asked you if you had seen this? A. — I think
I asked him to show me the contract; if my
signature is there I woui.1 never Ueny it.
Q. — For what reason did you go to Ma
hony's hou3-v? A. — I said before an>talns i3
done with a paper like this Mr. Mahony ought
to be interv'eved and see what he has to say
about it. . • - >
Q.— What did Mr. Leake talk to you about?
A. — He told me something about — asked me If
I had seen a contract.
Q. — What contract? A. — I said. "What con
tract do you refer tor' and he s<O.«i, "The
contract between Mr. Mahony and Mr. Deane, |
whereby* In the event of Mr. Mahony being
elected he was to make Mr. Deane chief
deputy," and he said, "Tour name is attached
to it, and Mr. Vallero's name :s attached to
it," and I says: "Mr. Leake, if you have
the contract, I would like to see it," and he
said, "I know the content* of It."
Q. — Did he tell you the contents of It? A. —
I don't remember whether he did tell mo or
not.
John C. Flood was recalled. His testi
mony follows:
The Mayor — Were you In Mr. Leake's office
on Monday evening? A. — Yes. sir.
John C. Flood Testifies That He
Signed the Document in
Deane's Office.
NOW RECALLS *
THE CONTRACT
Q. — Yes,- sir. .A. — Mrs. Deane telephoned to
my office before I got there this morning that
, Q. — That. was after Mr. Deane understood he
was out of the fight? A. — Yes, sir; that Is
correct. . . >
The Mayor— You had an Interview with Mrs.'
Deane to-day, did you not? A. — Tea. sir.
Q.— Do you ¦ mind - stating what was said at
the interview? A. — The one to-day? -
Q.— After Mr. Deane. had understood from
his friends that he was out of the fight and
couldn't get . the nomination, he went to Mr.
Mahony? A. — I understand that Mr. Mahony
came to him; that is as I got It. .
Mr. Riordan — As • I understand you, Mr
Deane Informed you he had been to see- Herrin
and Henry Lynch and other people, and un
derstood he, was getting the double cross, and
therefore he wouldn't get the nomination? A
.Yes. sir. ¦ '
Q. — When he first heard he couldn't get the
nomination he went to ¦ Mr. Mahony and ob
tained from Mr. Mahony this agreement? A
No. sir; you cannot pat words in my mouth
Mr. Mahony had been to- him on two occa
sions prior to the signing of this contract, and
Mr. Deane referred to his friend, and thought
he had a chance, and then. I think the third
meeting — there might have been more — the
third meeting was when they drew up tills con
tract. -•W^aart4&g« ©S«5*?*x» VrJ»~-
CROSS-EXAMINATION,
Q.— You told this to Flood? A.— Yes. sir.
Q.— What did Flood say? A.— I can only
give you in a general way. He admitted every
thing I said was correct about the matter. Of
course, I didn't know that Flood knew any
thing about Deane going to see Herrin. There
was an absolute admission I was right in the
matter, and he wanted to suppress it, and he
would see that Mahony carried out the con
tract.
Mr. Ruef — Did you jtate to him there was
a consideration for. support; -you say support,
etc. ? A. — The conditions "• were these : That
Deane was not to allow his name to go be
fore the convention. Mahony had seen Crlm
mins, and Crlmmins would guarantee him the
nomination. Deane had seen Herrin and Her
rin would support him, but he found out after
ward he was getting the double cross and
asked Henry Lynch what it meant, and Lynch
couldn't state. Then, , when Deane realized
he wai being double crossed.' he was willing
to draw out of the fight on Mahony' s promise
to make him chief deputy.
Q.— What did it contain? A.— The consid
eration of Mr. Deane's withdrawal from the
fight, and for his support to appoint Mr. Deane
chief deputy, and four or\ five others. I asked
if the names were mentioned, the four or five,
and he said they were not. . .
Q. — Did he admit . such were the contents of
the document? A.— Yes, in a general way. I
wouldn't say those were the exact words, but
ho admitted drawing up this contract, ¦ and in
that connection when Mr. Britt came back I
questioned him very closely, and I think I am
correct in saying that Mr. Brltt told me that
Mr. Flood was surprised that I should be so
familiar with the matter. (To Mr. Britt) — Am
I right? Mr. Brltt — Yes. sir.
Q. — Did he tell you. or you tell him, the
contents of the document? And if so, state
what was said about the contents. A. — I told
him the contents of the document, because Mr.
Flood is a man I never met before. I wanted
him to understand I knew what I was talking
about. ' . /
Q. — Did he show a familiarity with the con
tents of the document? A. — Yes, he did not
hesitate: his whole aim was to suppress the
publication of it. This occurred In the office
of Mr. Martin, the business manager. 1
Q.-^-What did you tell him? A.— I told him
Mr. Deane had told me that Mr. Flood had
been called in to draw up this agreement. I
went further than that; I told him the circum
stances, about the different meetings of Mr.
Deane and Mahony, and that Mr. Deane' s
friends advised htm that he ought not to take
Mahony' s word for it — he had better get it in
writing. The second or third meeting Mr.
Deane had with Mahony, Mr. Deane said, "You
had better put this In writing," and called in
Mr. Flood, and Mr. Flood drew it up, and Mr.
Vallero was called In — he was in the outer of
fice somewhere. He begged not to have It pub
lished and he would keep his agreement — that
the publication would kill everybody concerned.
Q. — Did Mr. Flood tell you the contents of
this document? A. — No, sir. I told Mr. Flood
what the contents were — I told Mr. Flood in
advance what the contents were, and told him
what,I knew about it. .
The Mayor- — In your testimony yesterday I
intended to ask you one little question I wish
to ask you now. Will you state what Mr.
Flood told you— what did Mr. Flood tell you?
A. — The evening before the publication of the
article next morning in The Call. I think it
was Mr. Brltt I sent out to find Mr. Flood, to
bring him down to the business office, and
when I met him I told him what I knew about
the existence of this contract, and. In the con
versation, which, of course. I could not begin
to repeat word for word — it lasted some little
time — he admitted to me and told me he had
drawn up this document, and told me a man
by the name of Gregory Vallero— a man I did
not know — had witnessed it. He begged me
not to publish the article, saying it would kill
Deane, Mahony and himself politically, and if
I would give him a little time he would go out
to Mr. Mahony' s house and see if Mr. Ma
hony would keep his contract. I told him to
get out there pretty quick, and I called Mr.
Britt in and told Mr. Britt practically what
had taken place, and told him to go out with
him. Mr. Britt afterward came back and re
ported to me that on the way out Mr. Flood
had told him of the circumstances of the draw
ing up of this document.
W. S. Leake, manager of The Call, tes
tified as follows:
Q.— Was it written there? A.— Yes, sir.
Q. — Who wrote it? A. — Mr. Flood.
Q- — Was it dictated to Mr. Flood? A. No.
A Mr ' Flood compiled the article himself.
Q.~Mr. Flood wrote the document without
dictation from any one? A. — Mr. Flood I wrote
the document without dictation from any one.
Q- — Who was present when he wrote it?
A. — Mr. Mahony, Mr. Flood and myself.
Q. — Was anybody in the of flee? A. — No,
sir. It was in the private office of the County
Clerk's office.
" Q- — After it was typewritten did you read
It? A. — Yes, sir. i
Q.— Who signed it? A.— Mr. A. B. Mahony,
Mr. Gregory Vallero and Mr. John C. Flood.
Q. — In what capacity did Mr. "Vallero sign
it? A. — As a witness.
Q. — Mr. Mahony signed the document and
Mr. Vallero and Mr. Flood signed their names
as witnesses? A. — Yes, sir.
Q- — Was the document read aloud before it
was signed? A. — Yes, sir.
Q. — Were any changes made in it after it
was read? A. — No, sir.
Q. — What was done with the document after
it was read and signed? : A. — Handed to me.
Q. — What did you do with It. A. — Put it in
my pocketbook and kept it. .
Q. — How long did you keep it? A. — A week
or so. I kept it to satisfy some friends of
mine that Mr. Mahony would be my friend in
the event of his election; then I took the doc
ument and put it in my wife's desk.
, Q. — Did you tell your wife? A. — Yes, that
was the document. I wanted her to keep it
Q. — Dfd you tell her the nature of it? A.
Yes, sir, and that is the reason she did not
read it. '
Q. — Did you show this document to anybody?
A. — Yes. sir.
Q. — To whom did you show It? A. — To my
brother, Mr. John Deane. ¦
Q. — To any other person? A. — Yes, sir.
Q. — To whom else ? A. — I refuse to answer.
Q. — Did you show it to more than one per
son? A. — Yea, sir. ' . V -
Q. — How many? A. — Three.
The Mayor — What is your reason for refusing
to answer? A. — Because it is a private docu
ment and not a public document in any sense
whatever.
Mr. Ruef— In order, not to bring the other
people into this controversy? A. — Yes, sir.
Q. — You showed this document to three
other persons and to Mr. John J. Deane. A.
Yes. eir. •
Q. — Did all these persons read the contents?
A.— I think they did. . •
Q. — After you had shown this document to
these persons you gave it to your wife? A.
Yes, sir. .-.'¦¦•¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ • " ¦ .
Q. — Was there contained in that document
any promise by Mr. Mahony to appoint you
chief deputy in his office in- the event of his
election to the County Clerk's office? A.— To
the best of my recollection there was.
. Q. — Was j there contained in that document
any promise or agreement to appoint any other
persons: either by name or by. reference, to
any oOier positions? . A. — By reference, - yes,
sir. ¦'¦; ¦, ¦ ' •' '•
Q. — What was said, to the best of your recol
lection? -A. — It was Just reference to three cr
four places, or in regard to my friends.
Q.— There was a promise to appoint you ap
chief deputy and three or four friends without
naming them to other positions in the County
Clerk's office in the event of Mr. Mahony'e
election? - A. — Yes.- sir.
Q. — Was there any statement in that docu
ment concerning the consideration or reason
of the making of this promise? A. — No, sir;
nothing more than personal friendship. •<
Q. — Was there a statement in that docu
ment, Mr. Deane, to the effect that if you did
not allow your, name to be presented to the
Republican municipal convention this promise
would be made and kept? A. — I believe that
wai the reason for drawing- up the document
Q.— Was it so stated In the document ¦• v* '
I really couldn't state that. • - ' "
Q. — But the document was drawn up in con
sideration of your not, allowing the presenta
tion of your name? A. — Yes, sir.
Q.— You say this document was given" to you
that you .' wanted to satisfy some of your
friends that Mr. Mahony would be your friend'
A. — Yes, sir. .¦•¦¦. -•:¦:-• .-....*
, Q.— Did you : have a talk with Mr./Mahony
since i the publication of the \ purported • fact' of
the existence of this agreement? A. Yes sir
Q. — When did youhave such a conversation'
A.— The dates my wife told you. , , . • " on v
¦Q.— Did, you speak of this document to Mr
Mahony? A.— No, • sir. •-.;"...
Q.— -Was any. mention made or It ? A.— Mr.
Q— For County Clerk? A.— For County
Clerk; yeB, sir.' I saw that I was liable not
to eet the nomination, but I was not bo cer
tain about it. I thoueht maybe I would and
maybe I wouldn't.' Mr. Mahony and I had a
talJc over It. and I had several friends talk
ing to me about It, and I don't think that Mr.
Mahony made this document withi any crim
inal intent or anything of that kind, but It was
at my request that should he get the nomina
tion to satisfy friends of mine that he would
be a friend of mine.
Q. — Where did you receive this document"
A - — In the County Clerk" s office.
Q- — wm >'ou state the circumstances under
which this document came into your posses
sion. A.— Mr. Mahony had spoken to me pre
)l C , I' S0Ine mon ths previously, in regard to
this document— not in regard to this docu
ment, but in regard to his- getting the nom-
Mr. Ruef — Mr. Deane, did you ever receive
from Mr. A. B. Mahony a document relative to
your appointment as chief deputy In the
County Clerk's office of the city of San Fran
cisco? A.— Tes, sir. \
The former County Clerk, William A.
Deane, told about the contract. His tes
timony, follows: - . ¦ ¦•- *
Mrs. W. A. Deane, wife of the ex-
Ccuntv Clerk, was called.
Mr. Ruef— Have you ever se*u a document
GIVES PAPER
TO THE FLAMES
• 1
Manager of The Call Relates Story of
Interview With Man Who
Wrote Contract.
JOHN FLOOD'S
ADMISSIONS
William A. Deane £ells Nature of che
Contract and How It Came to
Be Signed.
FORMER COUNTY
CLERK'S STORY
Q.— Did Mrs. Deane, at any time, tell you
the contents of that document? A. — I beg to
be excused from answering that. To be frank
with you I had a talk with Mrs. Deane In a
manner that I do not care to tell. I consider It
absolutely confidential. n-ZM'i
she would be at my office at 12:30. I waited
for her. Of course, she went over what we
had talked over before — about the circum
stances of this contract and how keenly she
felt this. She said it looked aa If Jt were a
question of honor and she wanted to destroy
this contract. I pointed out to her where 'she
was making a mistake, and told her she ought
to take advice, and she thought It would place
her in a bad light to produce a document that
would drag a man down, and I told her bo
many people knew of the existence of this con
tract that destroying it would have no effect
whatever. Nobody cared anything about It so
long as they knew the contract was made and
existed. She said: "I believe it is my duty
to destroy this, and If I do I am going to de
stroy it in the presence of reliable witnesses.
I will have an attorney." I said: "The attor
ney may make an objection that he would be
exempt from testifying as to the contents of
this." Since that time she has stated that Mr.
Joseph Leggett was the party she consulted
and Mr. Leggett said he would waive any
question of that kind and would be perfectly
willing to testify.
Q. — And the same as any one would assist
their friends after election, and that was the
whole conversation, wasn't It? .A. I think eo.
Mr. Riordan — As 1 1 understand you, the bur
den of the conversation on the occasion of the
first visit and .second visit was Mr. Mahony
was going, to do for Mr. Deane the best he
could? A. — Tes, sir.: .. .
Q. — Was . he in the same , frame of mind In
the evening? A. — Yes, sir; he was not happfr
in the evening. . ,
Q. — Did Mr. Mahony ask Mr. Deane to
withhold information? A. — Not In my hearing
The Mayor— Was Mr. Mahony in a troubled
frame of mind .when he came to the house?
A. — Yes, sir.
Q.— Did Mr. Mahony accuse Mr. .Deane of
having given publicity to the Information? A
He did not.
Q. — Did he make any speelal reference to
William A. Deane? A. — I presume so: I don't
think there Is the slightest doubt but- what Mr
Deane expected to go into the office as head
deputy.
Q.— What, if anything, did he say about
other things? A.— He mentioned no other
things: Rimnly intended to put him back To
what he said ln»detail it Is impossible for me
to swear. The general Impression was that at
the time he fully intended to have done for
these who did for him, and that was all
Q.— Did he say anything about any prom
ise ? A. — No more than this : He said if he
had time he Intended, in fact, it simply gave
me ¦ the idea, if he had time he Intended to
return the kindness of the people who worked
for him. . .'"•'•.•
Q. — He called the first time on the day the
first article appeared In The Call? A. — Tuesday
morninj. . . ; . . ¦
Q. — Did he call subsequently? A. — Tes sir 1
he did.
Q.— When? A.— I think It was the same
evenins.
Q.— Did he speak about the matters of the
publications In the journals? A.— Yes, sir
Q- — Will you kindly state what you heard
him on those occasions state from the first?
A. — One thing I heard him say, "It was an un
fortunate error."
Q. — When did he call there? A. — He called
there . the first time in the morning, the day
the first article appeared.
Q. — Since these matters have been published,
matters relating to the purported agreement
between Mr. Mahony and your husband to
place Mr. Deane in office, has Mr. Manony
called at your house? A. — He has.
Q- — Did you read it before destroying- It?
A. — I carefully did not, and I very carefully
did not read it I am in np way defending
any one's course and am in no way on any
side, but simply acted. -
Q- — No motives of tender sympathy? A.
Entirely out of a motive of sentiment that I
destroyed It; I. wouldn't use it.
Q. — I will ask you the question: Why did
you destroy that paper, after keeping it so
many months, to-day between 1 and 2 o'clock?
A Because last Monday night, I think It was
Monday night, there was absolutely no one
knew I had that paper, and it was a matter
of complete indifference to any one whether I
had it or not. When it became known I had
that paper and I was likely to be called on at
any time I gave a promise to a gentleman I
wouldn't destroy it until I saw him. and that
promise was simply this: That I wouldn't
add voluntarily to any one's burdens, whether
they brought it on themselves to bear or not;
it was simply a matter of heart and sentiment,
not in regard to Mr. Mahony personally but
in regard to anybody who would come under
that control.
Q. — Was It on his advice? A. — Absolutely
not. I needed no advice. If you ask me my
reason I will give it.
Q. — Will you kindly state where that was?
A. — I am perfectly willing. It was in the
office of Joseph Leggett, the attorney.
Q. — Up to what time? A. — I couldn't tell
you the exact hour. To the best of my knowl
edge between. I think, oh, yes, between 1
and 1:30 o'clock. . -
Q. — At that, time you allowed It to pass
from your custody? A. — No, sir.
Q. — It is still in your charge and control Is
it? A.— No. sir.
Q. — Do you know In whose charger and con
trol it is? A.-^It is In nobody's charge. I
Q. — Do you know where it is? A. — I do.
Q.— Will you kindly tell us? A. — It Is burned.
Q. — You destroyed It to-day? A. — I destroyed
it to-day.
Q. — Where did you destroy it? A. — I de
stroyed it in an office.
Q.— Did you have It to-day? A.— I did,
Q. — He had stated to you what the docu
ment was? A. — Tes, sir, he stated to me
what It was.
Q.— Did you keep the document? A. — Tes,
I kept the document always.
Q. — Have you it now? A. — No, sir, I have
not.
Q. — Did you Eee it sufficiently to remark any
signature to it. or any name appended to it?
A. — When the document was handed to me it
was handed to me by Mr. Deane, and as he
handed it to me lie said: "Here is a paper
I want you to keep." Then he told me what
that ¦ paper was. and in taking the paper it
fell open a little and I didn't pay any at
tention, because I was looking at him and
laughed, and I said, "It may be valuable,, but
you will never use It; you are not that kind
of a man. Tou are not a man that will ever
use it. but if you want me to keep it I will
keep it." In unfolding this I saw it was a
typewritten paper and bore signatures, but I
did not even know the signatures It bore. It
was an involuntary glance, my mind was full
of the subject.
how much you recollect? A. — As I never read
a word of it I cannot recollect now; but It
was In my custody for a long time.
Q. — Will you state how much you saw and
•bearing the signature of A. B. Mahony and
containins the name of William A. Deane?
A. — I have seen a document purporting to bear
the names of William A. Deane and 'A. B.
Mahony. but I never read it.
' Q. — You have seen such a document? A. —
I have -seen such a document.; '
Q. — When you and Mr. 'Mahony entered into
this friendly agreement you neither one had
any desire to violate the purity of elections
law? A. — No, sir. • 1
Q. — There was no such intention on either
side? A. — No, sir.
The Mayor — Tou cannot state any intentions
outside of your own. | A. — Not outside of " my
self.
Q. — Tou state for yourself? A. — I am sworn
to answer for myself.
•Mr. Riordan — Tou. know, the- friendly ar
rangements between you and Mr. Mahony, and
you .can .judge Irom Mr. Mahony' s actions
whether he intended to violate any law? A. —
I don't think he had at the time.
Q. — That "he had no such Intentions? A.' —
No, sir. . - "-' •
Q. — Mr. Deane, this was just a promise be-'
tween friends, such as have been made for
twenty years back and more? . A. — Tes.
Q. — Simply to provide, on the part of Mr.
Mahony, he and you having been friends for
a great many years, he would be your friend
if. elected to. office? ¦ 'A.' — Tes, find, it was, no
doubt, as I say, to. satisfy friends of mine he
would'be friendly, to me. ,
• Q. — The extent of that friendship was to ap
point you as chief deputy and to take care of
your .three friends? A. — Tes. 'sir. - '¦-,
Q. — That was the consideration for which the
document was drawn up? A. — Tes, sir.
Q. — Mr. Deane, you. as a public officer, and
having been in politics a great many years,
you are perfectly familiar with the purity of
elections law? A. — Tes, sir.
Mr. Riordan — Mr. Deane, you, of course,
have been In politics, like Mr. Ruef and my
self, and know something about the subject
Of politics, do you not? "A. — Tes, sir.
Q. — And you know something about the pres
sure brought to bear upon a public official
who Is elected to a patronage office? Tes, sir.
• Q. — In- other words, you have, out of fifty
holes in the County Clerk's office, about 5000
people who would like to fill those fifty holes?
A. — Tes. sir. •
CROSS-EXAMINATION.
Q. — Mr.-Deane, do you know of any- other
documents of similar j nature signed I by Mr.
Mahony? A. — No, sir.' 1 J . .'• i I J : ' * ;
Q.— rThls.ls the only document of *• which you
had any cognizance? A.— Tes, sir.' > i (
Q. — Did Mr. Mahony keep the? promise that
he made In that document to, you to appoint
you as chief deputy? ; A.— Nov sir;
Q. — Did he kelp a promise to appoint three
or four of your frie'nds?' A:- — No, "sir.
Q. — Did he say anything about keeping the
promises contained in that document? A. —
Not that I know of, no. sir. The conversation
mainly at that time was in xegard to the trou
ble he had had with three clerks, or some of
his deputies. • - .- ¦ . ¦
Q. — Tou have a recollection that he did so
ask you? A. — It Is my recollection that he
did,' yes. sir. • . ¦
Mahony made mention of It to me. He asked
me If I still had It, and I told him "yes."
. Q. — AVhat did Mr. Mahony then say. if any
tning? A. — I don't recollect his exact words.
W. — Did Mr. Mahony request you to conceal
the document or withhold any information
concerning it? A.— No, sir. Mr. Mahony stated
that It was very unfortunate that it was In
1 existence. He didn't know what would be the
] outcome, as a man naturally will speak.
! w-—T)la Mr. Mahony make any denial to you
of the existence of the contract? A. — No, sir;
I don t see any reason why he should.
Q- — In the evening, when you had the con
versation with him, will you please state what
he said?. A. — About to the same effect, tfiat
it was unfortunate that such a thins should
be published, or- something of that kind.
• Q. — Did he ask you to use your influence to
withhold this publication or any information?
A.-^No, sir, I don't know that he did.
Q- — Did he ask you to deliver to him this
document? A. — No. sir.
Q- — Did he ask you where it could be found?
A. — No, sir.
Q.— Did he ask you to destroy It? A.— No,
sir.
Q. — When he asked, you where It could be
found, please give us the entire conversation
as far as you recollect. A. — As far as I recol
lect Mr. Mahony was very sorry the document
was In existence, and he asked me If I was
going to produce It, and I said It was not. in
my power to produce it; that' I did not have
it under my own personal supervision. t .
Q. — Did he ask you then not to produce it?
A. — I think ho did.
Q.— Did he? A.— I think he did, yes. sir.
Q. — Did he ask you not to produce it? A. —
I think he did.
"WIT2STESSES WHO R.E-A.ID M A-HOitTTT'S;
CONTRACT 'TELL THE MAYOR WHAT IT CONTAINED
calleiS. His testimony follows:
Mayor — Have you any kcowlcdgc of a con
tract tint was entered into between A. B.
MahoEj and one "William A. Deane? A.— I
liave, 6ir.
Q. — Do t<tu reTnember tlie contents of that
contract or agreement? A- — Xot verbatim, no;
but the substance of It I do.
Q. — Do you remember the substance; what
rgf the substance? A. — It was an agreement
between iilr. Mahony and my brother, Mr.
Peaxe. whereby Mr. Mahony promised to give
him a f!£cc In the event of his election, and
£l?o promised him several appointments in the
o:"fie«-
Q. — TThat uas the conEideratlon; whit were
thp terms of the consideration? A. — The con
sideration was that my brother would not allow
his name to go in before the convention and
¦v-z.% to pive all his assistance to the election
of Hr. Mahony.
Q— "Was that stated In the contract? A.
"Well. I don't know. I think it was, but I
couldn't say positively, as I doa't remember
ih» wordiae of it-
Q. — Was it '..ype-prritten? A- — Tes, clr
Q. — "Who signed the contract? a. — Mr. Ma
hony end mo witnesses.
Q — V.'bo were the tw 0 Trttnecses? A. — One
1 think. *r&s Hi. Vallero aad the other Mr'
nood.
<J. — ¦VThicB Mr. CT-w*J was that. John Flood?
Continued Prom Page One.
FLOOD NOW REMEMBERS.
Mahonv has run but the first gauntlet.
He has Euffered for two days the exposure
of his Ignominy before a magistrate whose
authority he denied. To-day he must face
the Grand Jury, which body begins its in
cuiry at 2 o'clock this afternoon. Numer
ous "witnesses have been subpenaed and
the whole story of ante-election bargain
end sale will be raked to the surface there
with the sort of authority that strikes
terror to the heart of the wrong-doer.
"With the evidence before him Mayor
Schmitz will have to take into considera
tion three questions. He must decide to
his own satisfaction whether or not an
illegal act has been committed. He must
determine ¦whether he has authority, i*
the law has been violated, to remove the
County Clerk from ofilce under any con
ditions. And he must decide whether
Kiordan's objection is valid that in any
event he cannot go into the question of
misconduct prior to his inauguration.
Grand Jury Next.
Mahony' s counsel •urged that Mayor
Schmitz consult the City and County At
torney, who, he said, is the proper legal
edviser of all county and city officers.
Riordan thought that Mr. Lane's advice
might change the Mayor's views as to
his authority to investigate charges of
misconduct prior to his own election and
tt> the election of the accused official,
especially when the official was a county
officer.
Mohony and Riordan continue to dis
pute the Mayor's authority to hold the in
vestigation, and Riordan again refused
to permit his client to be sworn or to
make a statement. They were present,
eaid Riordan, merely out of courtesy to
the Mayor. During a short recess, while
a witness was being brought from some
distance. Riordan remarked that he was
remaining merely from curiosity.
"Tou said you were here out of cour
tesy," the Mayor reminded him.
"We came out of courtesy and remain
through curiosity," Riordan replied with
seme trepidation.
Ho Testimony From Accused.
"Mr. Deane, this was just a promise
between friends, such as hav,' been made
for twenty years back and more?"
his agitation showed bitter disappoint
ment, and ehasxin and confusion.
There was comedy at times to lighten
up the proceedings, arid when Tom Rior
dan and Abe Ruef each sought to prove
the other's political sapacity the greater.
Mabony's public integrity and personal
honor were forgotten for the moment.
Riordan, too, calied up beatific visions of
the past— a past in which he was not un
known, when he asked:
A.— John Flood. , ' . ~ _
Q.— He was in the County Clerk's office?
A.— Yes. sir.
Q. — Do you know where and when you saw
that contract? A. — At my olfice. 102 Chronicle
bvildinr
1 Q.— When was that? A.— Some time about
the date of thp Ropubllcan convention.
Q.— What was the date of that convention?
i A.— Some time in October, wasn't it?
Q. — Some time in October? A. — That was In
¦ 1301.
i Q. — Tou mean the municipal Republican con
vention? A.— Yef. sir.
Q. — Do you know where that contract Is
now. Mr Deane? A.— Yes. sir. I believe I do.
Q.— Where is that contract? A.— \Y ith Mrs.
Ueane. my brother's wife.
Q. — Do v-ou Know If that contract Is in ex
istence? A. —I believe so.
Q.—Who was present when you saw that
contract— were there any witnesses present?
A. — Xo sir- my brother showed it to me.
Q. — Your brother chowed it to you volun
tarily? A. — Yes. sir.
Mayor — As Mr. Ruef is acting as my at
torney I wish him tQ ask a few questions.
Mr." Riordan— Xo objection. . f:f :
Mayor— Mr. Deane, do you remember the
date "when that contract was made? A. — No,
sir.
Q. — Do you remember the date approximately
that the contract bore? A. — That I couldn't
tell. } '
Mr. Ruef— Have you seen that contract
since? A.— Xo. sir.
Q. — Did you ever see it more than once? A. —
No. sir.
Q. — Did you read It? A. — Casually; I looked
at the signatures more than anything. Mr.
Mahony had signed it and that .was about all
the interest X had in it. My brother told me
the substance. I was thinking: about other
matters.
Q. — Have you bad any talk with Mr. Ma
hony. the County Clerk, concerning this con
tract? A.— No. not specially.
Q.— Has he called upon you at all in ref
erence to it? A.— Well, he has spoken of the
contract; said there was to be an investigation
in rerard to it- •
Q- — Where, did you see Mr. Mahony? A. I
6aw him here and saw him on the street.
Q.— Since this matter was published? A —
Yes. Eir.
Q- — What statement, if any. did you make
concerning any contract?
,, Ml V* R 'ordan— I would like to say here to
Mr. Deane that he is not compelled to answer
any questions.
In response to this Mayor Schmitz said
that he.would Instruct the witness that
he was expected to tell the truth, the
whole truth and nothing but the truth.
Attorney Ruef said that the witness
could, of course, refuse to testify, and
the Mayor could commit him for con
tempt. Riordan did not believe the Mayor
had this judicial function. Th3 examina
tion continued.
Q.— Mr. Deane, will you plea*e state as ac
curately as you can the contents of the docu
ment concerning which you have testified
which bears the signatures of Mr. Mahonev
Mr. Flood and Mr. Vallero? A. — I couldn't
very well state what it contained verbatim but
I can win substance that it was a contract
between Mr. Mahoney and my brother as to
his appointment of Chief Deputyship in the
office.
Q-— "Was anything said in the document, as
far as you now recollect, concerning: any con
tract for which this promise of Mr Mahony
was siven? A. — To the best of my knowledge
that was the consideration of my brother not
allowing: his name to go before the convention
and for his lending all the aid and assistance
he could to aid the election of Mr. Mahony
CROSS-EXAMTNATIOX.
Mr. Riordan: Q. — Mr. Deane. do you re
member the date of their agreement? A No
sir.
Q.— Do you remember tne dates that you
saw it? A.— I think it was Id the month of
October, to the best of my knowledge and be-
Q. — Tou are not certain? A. — I am not cer
tain.
Q.— As I understood you to say a little while
apo. you read it casually. Your brother ex
hibited it to you. and you glanced over it
and that is the last time you saw it? a '
Tes. sir. : " ...
(Witness excused.)
The Mayor (to Mr. Riordan)— Does Mr Ma
hony gtiM refuse to testify? Mr. Riordan— Mr
Mahony is willing to do anything, but I have
advised -him not to. This is not a judicial in
vestigation.
Continued From Page One.
MAHONY CASE RESTS ,
IN HANDS OF MAYOR
¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1902.
Continued on Page Hint,
Q. — Did i you ~< ever talk to anybody about
this document, this : statement made to you
by Mr. .Deane? .A. — Not ' that . I - recollect -.at
this time, any. more Ulan Just as I have related;
: Q. — Did Mr. Mahony ever speak to you'rela
tive to it? A. — No. sir, I had no conversation
with Mr. Mahony about -that
% Joseph Goddard. chief deputy In the
County Clerk's office under. Deane, was
the next witness.
Mr. Ruef— What Is your name? A.— Joseph
Goddard. - ' • *J*3r-lP*2|**§3*Ja£
Q. — What Is your business? A. — At present,
none.. ¦•-'. . ' ¦-•••-,.
' Q. — What has been your business? A. — Chief
deputy* in the County Clerk's office..
Q. — Mr. Goddard, do you know anything re
garding a document or, agreement entered into
between Mr. . Deane and Mr. Mahony?- A. I
do not. as to a written instrument. I do not.
All I know about it, I went into the private
office of . Mr. ; Deane one day after the cam
paign and I, said: "I see by the papers Mr.
Mahony is going - to appoint ¦ Frank French as
chief deputy," and Mr.-Deane says, "No, I will
be the chief deputy. I have a contract to that
effect written by, John -Flood and witnessed by
Gregory Vallero and John Flood."' ,
Relates a Conversation With Deans
About the Chief Deputyship
and the Contract. .
GODDARD TELLS
SOME HISTORY
5
jj Last Days of . Umi i to . morrow night; Ow ', TSUiE 'FMDflDlllIlA "Glean-Up" Sale ' ' §
% fered. Thousands of pirs sold" sin« Monday ¦ f ** ' Anvcnc^a Oreuvdeat Store. second floor. To-day we add to the numerous '•clean-: |
t£ morning, in the lines that were $1.50 to . . _ mmm >m * ' **k m ~^ «V m UP ' " C UCn " m thls dc P artmcnt » }%
jj Ja.2'5 and are now selling for ninety $g fQ >g* g$ B9 £g wWg*g%M ff&W * ' *Bj9 i&£& i^^il ' W% % * S^SSBlfr 20 ° doz:n Mcn ' s NccKwear— Four- •;
£ oght cents: the «*« most asked for W^^Wffflf BW tt7C7fK WE %Ja*~€aaa m *mfg 04HC7 in-Hands, Imperials, Puffs and Tecks- "S
»» are nearly gone, come to-day for these. ¦ . xtws • ¦* • ... «*. , ; -«•/"»- . . „-, _ • m _»• „, ,. , , , V
tf In those th« were $,.0 to *i.. 5 o the pair, V £&K*B 8*112 tSSffS B?B+Btti2%W 15 £% i+ Vf* '53 3 'B% GZ ' aU of th e m stylish and up-to-date; *
:•: and are now selling for s,x'v-nino & §& 8 & /IB Mi M &3 ET & #&0tftfjf fi^€»5 %g&g9EBj® m colors and patterns that good dressers fl
I °?s" tS ' WC 8tU1 W Sn abundance ° f a " This is the store for economy; for great assor^^ quick/polite service. I worth regularly 50c 2*2** £
I || __^ g| I Bverytestproclamsitl.sL < : .y ¦- , r . Me^Un^^sVirts-GZl^ |
I 75a Folio 49e m Wo, 12%o and [tSc Laces, To-day 6c Yard. gT^^t^ 2gg 1
}» iWSSSiO Oep"fm We commence, to-day : the sale of a special purchase of: 1 0,000 yards"of" Normandy^Valenciennes and Point dc Paris Lace with all the latest improvements; J
5 The Star Dance Folio con tuns "forty 1 of the and Insertion, at a price Which i«, at oh sale beginning this «¦¦ '. ;^c
».* ¦ most popu'ar ?nd latest suc-e;ses of thr day, feast one hundred choice new patterns in the assortment.-. -^Widths jrange from 2 to, 4 inches. . If. bought ! morning, each O %S 9>
** t rr *i! lge<1 n 1? Waltzes Two-Steps, -Schot- - m tne regular way sel'ing prices would be i ; 10c, ¦' jz have marked it all at one special ££*?*¦ Men's |i. 00 stiff bosom Percale Shirt i . 6O0 %
g Sm^"""' ¦¦* p-- •«¦* — .^.^^.^^yfeiyi^^..-.,,...-.;.:;^:::/.:;...!- ,.i PC K!£5arc3£r&-:-:SSS 9
J> "When the Harvest Days Are O'er." m£B "WmI tPB 'M''BSJBl" ' r * : $ ! *~9 •" - ; - -. . . < . . . Men's 75c fleece lined Merino* Underwear; V
it "Down Where the Cotton B'ossoms Grow." gty§ OST& 3 itSsB BIB S£ W lit £B BLB £&£&£% $5 EW/S GiU* §> jCV f "N marked for "dean-up" sale, per garment.. '. Jt
*[ "My Drowsy Babe." a- « *&»* ,»- : iCJ/ /— > - *^^5> J ' T ". ." 48O *
ft "I Wants to Be a Leading Ladv." SbBVfffN^t&Bil Wt£ $ RftfffbB* S&B3 &¥$£ hWfftWlf iTHBt f<-A " &* V ~ QrST^? Broken lo» of Imperials and wide ends Scarfs; -J
t "I Ain't Going to Weep No More." [: W*Jr"O« ||Mfl9 IVUWIf VII "Cj : frl ' P *T "worth J1.00 and $1.50, bow. ... 55 O j»
i> "Where the Swtet Magnolia Blooms." Q<"mRcM £%&&&* jn>»B 4?&»*n& £& "S £f%&ll >'¦'¦ -XVlfL iifflv I ¦• / 1 Broken lort of Men's fine Imported Underwear I«
$ Etc., etc. &att& &&G OW* ¥nG &imWm ; /V^J\/^^/\ hrX that »«' fmnalr 13.50^ { 4 -oo per §
tf This folio is published at 7 ?c; the Em- —— 1 A great purchase. The balance of the "stock of Men's Qothing from ¦//> j // f \ ''>^p^>f s >v. garment, now $1 QB *?
J pqrium's special price Friday, only 49 O Schwartz & Co., £ew York's / ; )MH ?) M^Jr^lSwea.rnow.;:^ 5
V- • — . of 1 , 1 60 suits. The styles and fabrics are the latest, and every garment _ \V*^* ' j J^^S\!// / / - — — X
»? C»2»#is» n £ Caiuiifjijt " wc^ made and trimmed. " C / /fed V5k?*«««L_ /» / n 4M. ~m {»
X &StSG OT &Ztmpie& In add;t ; on t0 the Schwartz stock, we offer all our broken lines in small lots 'of bop* and chil- / / Xb/^T^C / BUttOr atttM fc&gf 5
$ ft/Sett's ShOeS. $2,45 dren>8 best st y ]es of FaH and Winter Cl °tking at at least a third less than regular prices, in ¦ 1»UN ' /flfc^ / S&ICS TO'DSVt «
tf a , r u j . • •„ \r r t man X instances more to effect an immediats clearance. . l\ I • } (OlIt^ « J 1 ** ' •» — «. _. 'jg
5- A Mcn ' s $ 12 - 50 and * 15 suifc-The latest styles in broad mil- Boys' $2.45 Sail- I I \ \ r «M • TZ5 Best Creamery Butter— The 5
tf monwealth Shoe Co. .. of Boston, Mass. , ""7 shoulders as well , as the^^ more conservative designs, all of ths new : . or S V i 1 5— JW ¦. ///A • V — -*\ regular size COC Squares; 5
g They are the samp « of the styles that will eff f L^ ; . ¦ //fl \ "¦'¦ \ h 9 cf inthP m^rkpt' tf>- "2
g be worn during the coming season. Among a r ndblue s "^ * enUlne * I2 -5° and l»5-oo values " o -- cheviot; collars ' ** '. \% | I, Debt HI Uie .marKei, 10 g
at -them are Vici Kid, Box Calf. Tan Calf, for * •' .'. . ... $OiV9 have four rows I J - - «j WT.-:'- V OnlV , DCT -. j^. $
*; Patent Leather and Ename'ed Shoes; most Men's $17.50 and $20 Suits — Black and Kus cheviots, un- 'of white braid; sizes for . I \ Y\\ V SQUSre C '*
f» of them are in the lace style; we have all finished worsteds, fancy worsteds, tweeds and cassi- mtm • boys 4 to 9 years of age; 'lllillli] I- \. r»m<M. M ;. K-x- r> i. 5
tf sizes from 6 to 8, and the real values of the meres, etc., for ... ; .'. ''. ...... $10*85 markcd for this MG H 'I I V UHIIOmia EggS BeSt SC" X
I Men's $12.50 Overcoats- All-wool dark Oxford gray >^. " J^ »i d ¦ ' '¦ " JB| '^ \ I lected . R a II C h EggS ; OH J
I — -; • W0l~&S0MB $8.45 ' :^-^ A § \ \ special sale to-day |
% DreSS Goods Youths' $10 Suits-For boys 13 to 19 years of a g:; .the y^e°£r $2.35 ' % ' X **
% "Clean-Up" Sale S^!^^|Sigr c patt . ems SG.SS fioys : $5 T^^« •Kncc-Pants Svits ' /: V .' Whiskey, Wine S
J Ifyou need a street or house gown, or a .chool Children's $10 RvSSton OvcrCOatS-In blue, reds, gray, "ol^ ILVtV'noT^ -JM I Btttl BeCT Safes. S
it dress for the little girl, come to us now and browns and olive, a most becoming garment for little ff%ir% ........ ... S3 m48 d£&F^ liF ... w «••*•»«
V save anywhere from a third to a half on the fellows 3 to 7 year3 of age; now. . . . . . . . $4*98 Men's ' 4U.OO worsted ' -HOE? AM ' Champion Whiskey — Our well known brand; .J
S. price of the materials, and withal get goods Boys' 75c Corduroy Pants marked for this sale 4f»n. „ ' |L* j /¦ ¦ u - I <K5>" *&K " straight goods that always give 4*,—. jm r\ \ «
tf Which Will remain . Stylish for month. "»^O Pants marked for this sale. 3>J?.^£* . ; tatisftctioai to-day, per gallon $2m4Q J
I 0 1 ™ y , B „ s g 1 «t Slean . Up » Sale "Clean-Up" Sale "Clean-Up" Sale W^^i^ W^ S
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
,THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
I Ban Francisco, Friday, 17 January, 1902. fl
"Roxburys," 75 cts I
Axminslers, $1.00 I
o- 1 — — — "— : — o |
'. Let's stand up a few carpet facts and look them squarely in . ¦
the face. §
Number I — Those prices up there on Roxburys and Axmin- v a
stcrs include sewing, lining and laying. So do ALL our carpet W
prices. Remember this when you compare printed quotations. H
Number 2 — These prices are the ONLY prices we will accept §
under any circumstances. We do not "size up" customers and g
take what we can get. B
Number 3 — There is but one quality of the "Roxbury" tap- s
estry carpet made, and that is the carpet we are selling at 75 cents §
the yard. All statements to the contrary are untrue and can be I
proved so. U
Consider well the above facts— especially if you are going to ' I
look around a little before buying. .'.•:•'• ¦
And don't forget this: The Breuner carpet store is one of ¦¦•¦'¦
the biggest short-time, business successes San Francisco has If
ever known. In just a little over ten months it has fought its B
way to the head of the procession. There must be reasons for I
?uch a quick and substantial success, but what these reasons i
are we leave you to guess — or, better still, to ascertain beyond 1
doubt by a personal visit. / R
O , , , __ £ : a
I (Successors to California Furniture Co.) I
957 to "977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. ¦The reception committee was composed
of Captain Robert H. Fletcher, J. W. Er
win. W. B. Webster, Charles A. Goe,
Carl E. Ackerraan, W. G. Stafford, A. 1*
Coombs and Henry Heyneman.
seph Bertnirer), (c) "The Merry Browa
Thrush" (Buck). Madame Joseph Berinsrer:
violin, "Prelslied" ("Meisterslnjrer) fWa«uer
¦Wilhelmj), Miss Pearl Conness; song, "The
Island of Dreams" (Adams), R. II. Hunt: or
gan, ¦ "Marche Poatiflcale" (Gounod), Emil
Cruella.
L.EADING MEMBERS OF THE CALIFORNIA CAMERA CLUB. UNDER
WHOSE AUSPICES THE PHOTOGRAPHIC SALON IS BEING HELD
IN THE MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART.
Organ, overture, "Aroldo" (Verdi), Emil Cru
ells; song, "Friar of Orders Gray" (Old Eng
lish). Julian Eisenbach; aria, ."Martha," "Es
ter Mesto" (Flotow), Madame Joseoh Berin
ger; violin romanze (Svendsen). Miss Pearl
Conness; song, "The Thorn" (Old English),
R. H. Hunt; organ, "Largo" (Haendel), Emll
Cruells; song, "Fill the Cup" (Roeckel), Julian
Eisenbach; sonirs, (a) "WldmunK" (Schu
mann), (b) "When the Heather Blooms" (Jo-
The following musical programme was
rendered last evening:
J. Richard Freud's Will Filed.
The will of J. Richard Freud was filed
for probate yesterday. He leaves one
half of his estate to his wife and th<
oth«r half to his two minor sons. He di
rects also that $25 per. month be paid tc
Marie Blanche Condere, his children's
nurse, during her lifetime. -
From Los Angeles— J. T. Gaffey, at the
Albemarle,. and D. H. Steele.at the St.
Dennis. .
NEW. YORK, Jan. 16.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— H. Gray, at the Imperial; Mrs.
L. Thorn, at the Murray Hill; W. Ri
Nieper, J. H. Clark and L. Weil, at the
Herald Square; S. - Hyslop and V. A.
Shafer, at the'Gilsey: A. Martin and wife,
at the Astor, and K. T. O'Neil, at the
Grand Union. '
Californians in New York.
"W. G. Gardner, private secretary to E.
O. McCormick, left last evening for New
Orleans to represent the Southern Pacific
Company at the quarterly meeting of the
Transcontinental Passenger Association.
¦H. P. Anderson of the firm of Ander
son & Chanser, grocers, of Los Angeles,
is staying at the Palace. V\
Ex-Congressman A. Camlnetti of Jack
son is spending a few days at the Lick.
Judge \V. H. Hatton of Modesto is reg
istered at the Lick.
-General J.- W. B. Montgomery of Chico
is a guest at the Palace.
L. C. Hurst, a: mining man of Grub
Gulch, is a guest at the Lick.
H. E. Irish, a prominent resident of
Santa Cruz, is at the California.
Tim Re'agan, the well known mining
man ot Boise City, is at the Lick.
J. L. Bryson, a mining. man of Omega,
is among the arrivals at the Grand.
The Rev. T. A. Hyland of Astor Is at
the Grand, accompanied by his wife..
PERSONAL MENTION.
Professor O. V. Lange has some 1 very
realistic flower studies. C. E. Ackerman
has three clever pictures. One, entitled
"The Neglected Lesson," shows a pretty
girl bowed in sleep over the keys of her
piano. It is in red, and the light from the
candle on the instrument gives a -wonder
ful effect. There are a number of China
town pictures and studies of all kinds.
The exhibition will continue ' until next
Thursday evening.
The collection comprises 450 pictures.
These were made. by amateurs the world
over and have been exhibited in Chicago,
Philadelphia ' and other large cities. As
stated in the catalogue, the object of the
salon is the exhibition of that class of
photographic work which shall best ex
emplify artistic feeling and execution
without regard to particular schools or
faas. .
. ¦ . ' v . .' '' ¦' : ¦
the collection of photo-etchings exhibited
by Frank Eugene of ~ New York are
worthy of notice. On the walls are pic
tures of endless variety. That the hang
ing committee placed them there is suf
ficient guarantee that they are of high
order. . .
Perry Belmont doubtless felt badly when Tam
many refused to support his candidacy for Congress,
tnd felt worse when the voters of the district polled
a majority against him; but the crushing blow did
cot fall on him until Bryan declared he is not a
Democrat.
.British financial experts are busy trying to de
vise a means of increasing the revenues of the em
pire, and it is believed the chief increase of taxation
will be upon tea, coffee and s.ugar. The blooming
Britons, in fact, will have to get rid of their war
debt by swallowing it for breakfast.
The election of James B. McCreary to the United
States Senate from Kentucky has been variously re
ceived. Some authorities assert he will prove to be
one of the ablest men in the Senate and stand firmly
for good politics, while others recall that he is known
in his own State as "Oily Jeems," and say he is a very
smooth article and dangerous.
The bachelors' ball in New York this year seems
to have been unusually brilliant even for such af
fairs. It did not get started until near midnight, and
there was a supper at 1 o'clock, with another supper
about 4 in the morning. During the dancing of the
cotillon the ballroom was suddenly darkened, and
then, to the amazement of the company, there came
from two points in the gallery a shower of illuminated
balls which were taken up and tossed to and fro from
one end of the room to the other. Altogether the
scene is said to have been one of fairy brilliancy, and
doubtless the fairies were highly, pleased with the
bachelors. •
The. agitation of this subject shows to what extent
the British public has been affected by the struggle
in the Transvaal. It. is' probable the lessons learned
from the war will repay to future generations the cost
it will impose upon them. in the shape of a national
debt. . In fact the British appear to have learned^ at
last that their empire is by- no: means so secure as
they deemed it ; that as Kipling says : "Men, not gods,
devised it;. men, not gods^ must. keep."'.
The result has been an agitation for a radical
change in. the British system of school .instruction;
not in military schools only, but' in all public schools..
If/the agitators succeed in carrying out their plans
there will be less reliance hereafter in a manhood de
veloped on the playground and mentally trained
mainly in the classics. The British youth of the
future will be educated 1 in science and technology. If
he purposes to enter the army he will have to under
go a military training similar to that provided at West
Point, and when he takes command in war he will
furnish his men with something more than an ex
ample of pluck.
Before Kipling's verse was written, however, a
considerable number of persons in the kingdom had
discovered that modern war requires for , success
something more than an ability to win a game on
a playground. Pluck, tenacity and strength are as
necessary as ever they were, but they are no longer
sufficient. Officers who spend their time playing ball
of one kind or another are not fitted to command
men on the battlefield. The day when victories in
war, could be won on the cricket ground at Eton has
gone,. by. The officer of our time must learn his
trade, and skill in athletic sports cuts but a slight
FOR three generations the British people have
delighted in the saying attributed to the Duke
of Wellington: "The victory at Waterloo was
won on the cricket ground at Eton." The phrase
pleased them because it implied that the sports of
the public, sclibols of England trained boys to grow
up into a manhood capable of meeting any kind of
battle with courage, and winning it through a stub
born pluck nurtured on the ball grounds. The South
African war has shown them that they have relied too
much on the old public school training, and now Rud
yard Kipling has mocked the men produced in those
schools by" taunting them with being "fianneled fools
at the wickets and muddled oafs at the goals."
BRITISH SCHOOL TRAINING.
The announcement of this discovery comes as
something of a surprise to the country, for it has
been supposed that every Missourian was born with
enough sand in his system to serve all mortal pur
poses. Furthermore, it was supposed that if a Mis
sourian ever took" to swallowing doses of sand or
anything else he would take it in whisky and not in
water. However, we live and we learn. Possibly it
will be the custom in St. Louis hereafter to use sand
instead of sugar in whisky, tea or coffee, ancUthe ex
ampleinay spread during the exposition year. Should
the new remedy prove a universal cure San Fran
cisco will be all right, for we have sand to sell. - In
fact, we will be able to dispense with taxes and run
the city on the income derived from the sale of ster
ilized sand from the. park, provided it can be proven
that Pacific sand is. as efficacious as the Mississippi
River article. To, that end, we should begin boosting
our sand at once, for the proof ofits efficacy will not
From the. report that comes to us it appears the
discoverer of the great secret was for a long time an
invalid. He tried all that doctors could do for him
and all that patent medicines could do, but found
them of no avail to cure even a symptom of disease,
much less the disease itself. Then he noted that ani
mals are not afflicted with the unnumbered ills of
humanity find he began to study their ways. He
soon learned that animals have an instinctive fond
ness for earth, and perceiving that they have no
stomach troubles he concluded that earth is a specific
of high value. He at once decided 40 try it. He
gathered fine sand from the banks of the Mississippi
River and took a teaspoonful of it every day in a
glass of water. He claims to have been speedily
vured, and now, for the sake* of his fellow-men, he is
gathering the sand, sterilizing it and selling it at 25
cents a sack. The demand for it is said to be large,
and it is quite probable the problem of keeping open
the channel of the Mississippi will-be solved by di
verting the whole mass of sarid from the river bed to
the human stomach.
MANY and various are the ills that flesh is,
heir to, but even more numerous and more
varied are the means by which humanity un
dertakes to cure them. An exhibit of specimens of
the pills, bitters, tonics, drugs, tablets and plasters
that are now on the market would fill one of the lar
gest buildings ever erected at a tmiversal exposition,
and yet they do not by any means include all the
varieties of cure offered to a suffering race. There
are electric cures, water cures, heat cures, friction
cures, faith cures, bone-rubbing cures and cures by
the Roentgen ray. Still it has been felt that some
thing more is needed, and Missouri has come for
ward to furnish it. We are informed that a citizen of
St. Louis, who is at once a lawyer and a man of
science, has discovered that a small dose of Missouri
sand taken once a day will cure anything, and that
humanity need suffer no longer.
A MISSOURI SAND CURE.
It is estimated that the products of the United
States taken from the ground last year were worth
upward of $1,000,000,000 even in the form of raw ma
terial. That of course does not include grain or any
crop taken from above ground. It is merely a show
ing of what we can get out of the earth by just dig
ging for it. . ,
The plan puts each division upon its mettle, not to
show that it has a monopoly of the natural resources
of the State, but that it is making the best use of re
sources common to all three. It is easily seen that
this plan will produce the greatest exhibit the State
has ever made. California will appear in St. Louis
in her true character and aspect as the greatest dis
trict on the earth's surface. No other combines the
mineral, aquatic and terrestrial capacities that we
have here. Some may approach us in one resource,
but none has them all in combination. Our people
begin to see that they are the architects of their own
future and that of the . State. Nature has fitfully
smiled upon other places, but here alone does she lav
ish all the bounty of her favor in every material way
that affects the welfare of man.
When the raisins of Fresno, in Central California,
are shown alongside of those of Yolo and Colusa, in
Northern California, and the oranges of Los Angeles
and those of Oroville prove the common capacity of
Northern and Southern California in the production
of citrus fruits, all friction is taken away and each
section, instead of indulging disparagement of the
other, will address itself to making the utmost of the
gifts and graces which are the common endowment
of both.
As the State is nearly a thousand miles long, and
has practically the same climate and productions
throughout its length, such an arrangement will do
perfect justice to each division, and will show the
unity of the whole in its productive capacity.
It is gratifying to notice that the State Board of
Trade proposes a frank and open geographical clas
sification of the State by providing that at St. Louis
Southern, Central and Northern California shall each
be represented in an exhibit that in its unity will ex
ploit the whole State.
HERETOFORE in all industrial expositions
and in efforts at advertising the State there
has been a marked disposition to effect a
segregation of Southern from Northern California.
This has produced some friction, and perhaps has
worked some disadvantage to the whole. State,
through the natural disposition to disparage that is a
feature in all rivalry.
CLASSIFYING THE STATE.
Such a measure merits the support of the whole
community. We have in our State an illustration of
the folly of creating a commission without giving it
power to act. Railroad transportation affects not
only commerce, but every important industry, and it
is time that something were done to compel railroad
companies to obey the law.
It is to grant to the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion power to provide such redress that the bill now
before Congress has been drafted. The railroads have
fought the Cullom bill and other measures of the
kind by declaring that they aim at conferring ar
bitrary power to fix rates. The assertion is unfair.
The power which the bill proposes to confer upon
the commission can be exercised only- after a full
hearing of both sides, and is restricted to such
changes as may be necessary to bring the carrier
complained of into conformity with the provisions of
the interstate commerce act. a.
The Interstate Commission itself, in a report sub
mitted to Congress last January, and- to which The
Call directed attention- at the time, said: "In every
part of this country carriers have by concerted action,
without any notice to shippers, and indeed against
the vehement protest of shippers,- advanced their
rates upon a large portion of merchandise carried
under class rates an average of one-fourth." From
that and from other instances of wrong cited in the
report the .commission drew the just conclusion:
"When hundreds of shippers complain that a public
servant has perpetrated a wrong upon the public in
the discharge of a public duty, there should be some
public tribunal before which inquiry can be had and
by which^ redress can be administered."
¦ Since the law is thus defective it is not surprising
that the railroads pay '. but little attention to the de
crees of the commission and either evade them or
openly defy them.' Mr. Bacon cites many specific
instances where the efforts of the commission to ac
complish" justice haVe been foiled by a lack of power
to enforce its rulings. In fact, the railroads at times
frankly admit their defiance of the commission. Mr.
Bacon says: "At a hearing before the Interstate
Commerce Committee in the Senate on the Cullom
bill in April, 1900, in reply to a question put by a
member of the committee, the attorney of one of the
more important railways of the country stated that
the company which he represented had neye'r com
plied with an order of the commission without con
testing its validity /in the courts."
The limitations which hamper the work of the
commission are S et forth by. Mr. Bacon in the state
ment: "The Supreme Court has gone to the extent
of declaring that the law confers upon the commis
sion no authority to proceed- further when in any
case, after a full hearing of all parties in interest, it
finds that rates or regulations are unreasonable or
unjust, than to so declare, and to order the carrier to
cease and desist. from charging such rates apd en
forcing such regulations; and that the commission
has no authority to. declare what in its judgment
would be reasonable and just rates and regulations in
the casein question, or require such changes to be
made in them as would bring, them into - conformity
with the provisions of the act."
The importance of the issue is well presented in
the current number of the North American' Review
by Edward P. "_ Bacon, ia merchant who from the first
has been active in the work of. procuring an adequate
remedy for the «vils to which shippers are subjected
by' unscrupulous railway managers. He" aided in
bringing about the enactment of the first interstate
commerce act, has watched its operations closely and
is familiar with its' virtues "and with its defects. His
article abounds with illustrations of the weakness of
the law under which the commission. acts and of the
urgent need of conferring greater authority upon.it.
OUT of the Interstate Commerce Convention,
held in St. Louis about a year ago, there has
emanated a strong and well directed move
ment to bring about legislation conferring upon the
Interstate Commerce Commission power sufficient to
enable it to rightly perform its duties and enforce its
rulings. The executive committee appointed by the
convention has prepared for that purpose a. bill, now
before . Congress, and an active campaign of educa
tion has been .undertaken to arouse public sentiment
on the subject. 'z-v' -£"];, /. *
MORE POWER NEEDED.
The various voluntary wat&r and fruit associations
and organizations representing the grazing interests
should be heard from on the subject of providing
the fund now, with the view of arranging the method
of its expenditure later on.
Persistent disagreement by Western men over
these great measures should be discouraged. The
ci/;-Missouri country should acquire the habit of
standing together, like New England and the South.
When this is^done it will -be found much easier to
secure such measures as will foster the development
of this greater half of the continent.
On the other hand, they would be found cordially
combined in support of a bill to provide the neces
sary machinery, for using the money for the purpose
to which it is to be devoted. As far as the range
leasing bill is concerned,- the action of the Pacific
Stockmen's Association and the American Cattle
growers' Association in its favor brings it before
Congress and the country as the one measure in the
interest of the West upon which there is substantial
agreement. Its irrigation feature may well bring to
it also the support of all irrigators.
The Hansbrough bill, ,*to put into such fund* the
proceeds of land sales, and the Bowersock bill, to add
thereto the revenue from ' leasing the arid stock
ranges, it is estimated, will produce about $11,000,000
a year. As it is believed that the 400,000,000 acres of
grazing lands will -all be leased and producing within
a year, the next session of Congress would find in
hand a fund sufficient to start irrigation works in
each of the competing localities, and there would be
no reason for further rivalry between them.
If it prove true that this disagreement shunts the
proposition, the irrigators and all Western interests
should combine for laws which will provide a fund
and immediately begin its accumulation in the treas
ury, in trust, to be devoted to its purpose as Congress
may finally decide.
Under these circumstances the proposition' of the
irrigators to use for the needed conservation and dis
tribution of water the proceeds of the'.sale of the pub
lic lands was sure to pass if agreed upon by. the West
ern men. It is probable that they still stand agreed
upon that plan, and that the policy is wrecked upon
a divergence of views as to the. location of the first
work to be undertaken by the Government As the
sale of lands will produce only about $3,000,000 a year
for an irrigation fund, and the works for impounding
and distributing water will be costly, it is easy to un
derstand that localities will compete for the benefit.
Wisdom would dictate that all localities combine in
having the work started somewhere, in order to as
sure the stability of the policy of national irrigation
by bringing, it down out of the air to the ground,
If the Senator is correct in his view of the situation
it is to be lamented. The East is ready to indorse
any plan ,upon which the West agrees, provided it
does not call for burdensome appropriations from the
treasury. It is in immediate prospect that the Gov
ernment will undertake the construction of an isth
mian canal, and there is a general feeling, participated
in by the whole country, that the work should be
done on the pay-as-you-go plan. Whether .this, be
possible or not there is a determination* to hold the
treasury in a strong condition, against^anyjdemand
that may prove necessary. ' i '
SENATOR BARP announces the opinion that
the members of Congress from the Western
States will continue to disagree upon the ques
tion of irrigation, and that this disagreement will
compel the, whole subject to sleep again for an indefi
nite period. Vv.- ' : :
FRIDAY.. JANUARY 17, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
kitrtti lH Cosrauiieitions to W. 8. TiKAKK, Muigtr.
MAKAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prew SO4
PUBLICATION OFFICES... Market and Third, 8. F.
Telephone Press 201.
CDXTOHXAX; ROOMS 217 to S2X SteremOB St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»y Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies. B Cents. •¦
fermt br Moll. Including Poataaret
DAJX.T CAJLJj OncJuCinr Sunday), on* Tear .J». 00
DAILT CALL (Including Baulay), • uoafha „ S.M
DAILY CALL (includlcr Punday), S months 1.50
PAILT CALL— By Slnyle Month «5o
6TTKDAT CKUU. On* Tear .. l.W
\TEEKLT *^*t.Th On* Tear...... .....••...••••••«••••••••••••• 1*00
All postmasters are authorized to reoelre
¦'.'¦'. subscriptions.
• Kunpl» eotites wQI be iorwarded when requested.
Mall rabecrlbera tn crderir-c chanir* of addrew should t*
f>«tlco!tr to rfv» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lErere & prompt and correct compliance with their reqoert.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 111S Broa4*ay
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Ktstgti fertlgB Afrrtrtisin?, Xai^settt BoQUng, CUngt.
CLonr Distance Telephone * 'Central 2611.")
NEW TOBK CORRESPONDENT:
CCCAALTOir...^ : Herald Square
K3EW YORK REPRESENT ATI V Bl
ITEFHEV B. SMITH. 3O Tribune Bnlldlxts
NEW TORS NEWS STANDS:
WalAorf-Ajtorla Hottl; A. ErenUco, SI Union Square:
Kerrey BUI Hotel.
CHXCA.I3O NEWS STANDS:
EbSRBin Hotae; P. (X News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rraacst Hobs*; Auditorium Hotel.
iWASmxcrow a>. c> office. . . .i4oe <s st- jr. w.
MORTOX 13. CRASE, Correspondent.
BRAJfCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ontfl 1:30 o'clock. 50» Hares, open until 9.S0 o'clock. 6J3
McAllister, open xmtU S:30 o'clock. CIS T»arfcln. open until
•:» o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. *2€1 Market.
carBer Flxteentn, cpea until 8 o'clock. 109i Valencia, open
cntil I o'clock. IOC- Seventh, open until $ o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-sees net and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
SSM FUlxoor*, open until 9 p. tn.
ARTISTIC PHOTOGRAPHS RECEIVE
PRAISE AT SECOND ANNUAL SALON
be found in' the results ' of experiments but; in .the
vigor with which ¦we';; assert the merits of the article
and the frequency with which we swear to them.
NATIONAL IRRIGATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JA IS iUARY 17, 1902.
The best individual collection of pho
tographs Is shown by Oscar Maurer, but
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art un
der the .auspices of the California
Camera Club and the San Francisco Art
Association. There was a large attend
ance last evening-, a special reception be
ing given. There was a concert and
promenade. The magnificent pictures
shown in the exhibition room were highly
appreciated. .: : :, ; ':?
T-xHGTOGRAPHIC work showing the
I ) highest development in that art
I may be seen at the salon which is
,, belns held in .. the rooms of the
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "Merchant of Venice."
Chrheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Claire and the Forgemaster."
California— "Old Jed Prouty."
Tivoli— "Little Red Riding Hood."
Central — "Under the Gaslight."
Alcazar — "For the White Rose."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer**— Vaudeville, . >; , :
Sherman-Clay Hall— Anjjelus Piano Player Recital Satur-
day afternoon.
¦ Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By "Wm. G. Layng — This evening:, at 7:45 o'clock. Thor-
oughbred Horses, at 721 Howard 6treet.
v HOTEL. DEL." CO RON ADO. choicest "Wlnte
Resort In the world, offers best living, climate,
boating, bathing, . . fishing and .'most amuse
merits. E. S. Babeock, manager, Corona Jo. Cal,
The twelve railway, companies of Eng-
land and Wales employ between them 312,-
000 men. The Scotch and Irish companies
employ 40,000: men between' them.
The one great virtue of Burnett's Vanilla Ex-
tract is purity. It's real vanilla- extract & noth-
ing but. vanilla extract. Always use' Burnett's
/ Oil of roses is made on a large scale i)
Bulgaria, at Miltitz in . Saxony and ai
Chinchilla, Spain. . , •-
Special information supplied daily tc
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's),- 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. . ¦ •
Cal. Glace Fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.
Marsh Mallow Kisses at Townsend'a. •
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S FIRST __ MRS. McKINLEY'S NUKSE
DAY IN OFFICE. ff^ TELLS HER STORY. 5
By Alfred Dcztndort |k^ ' \
""¦".".' ¦«¦ WHERE GIRLS LIVE ON $15
THE OLDEST LIGHTHOUSE ' A YEAR
TENDER ON THE COAST \f j
IS A WOMAN. jf === |
Read about heV in next, Sua- .-Af\ A SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN'S
da ?' s C^ L A- M. EXPERIENCES IN PANAMA.
READ THE WOLFVILLE g THE SUNDAY CALL MAGA*
STORIES BY ALFRED HENRY ti\ ZINE" SECTION IS THE LIT*
lEms - jy\ ERARY SUNDAY PAPER OF
_______ A XL THE WEST.
FASHIONS, EEAUTY QUEST
¦'AND HUMAN INTEREST ; . NEXT WEEK BEGINS A STORY
STORIES. P t J BY BRET HARTE.WELL. KNOWN YOUNG MAN WHO
WAS ACCIDENTALLY ASPHYXI
ATED BY GAS AT HIS HOME.
TO SAIL.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 17.
FROM SEATTLE.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, January 16.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 15* hours from
llendocino.
Stmr Luella, Genereaux, C2 hours from Til
lamook. ¦ . ¦
• Stmr ¦ JCoyo, Johnson, . 14 hours - from Fort
Bragg. . . .....
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 14 hours from Caspar;
bound for San Pedro; put in for passengers.
Stmr Edith/ Halt.- 90 hours f from - Seattle.
Gustave - BraeeUe, i Lieutenant ¦ Commander .. H.
T. Cleaver. U; S. N.; Mrs. E. Coleman, Mrs.
A. Forrest. A. 3.' Foster, C. -.Wilson . Frankel,
W.'^ R. Harden,' Mrs. M. Porter. Mrs. N. • Rob
inscn, L.' Stornobrink, L.; Stornebrink Jr.. Miss
R. Stornebrink.; Mrs. C.S. Vance. W. J. Wal
lace. A. H. : .Whitney, John Reteen and W. II.
Levensaler. ' • -,
Her cabin passengers were:
Hongkong lEaru Arrives.
The steamship Hongkong; Maru arrived
yesterday.from the Orient -with only sev
enteen cabin passengers and a light cargo.
She arrived over a day* ahead of time,
having experienced'fine weather and fa
vorable breezes throughout the voyage.
She left Yokohama January 1. Her time
from Hongkong was 23 . days 23 hours:
from -Yokohama, 15 days 13 hours,, and
from Honolulu, 6 days 20 hours.
¦' NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left'
hand column and the successive tides - of the
day in the order of occurrence as tp time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except -when there are but three tides, as
sometimes | occurs. The heights given are ' in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except wnen a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the nutnbei
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean o"
tho lownr low waters.
Sun rises .7 :24
Sun sets 5:10
Moon seta ' ¦ ¦ • 0:35 a. m.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
caused a good deal of surprise and no
Ht^le bitterness in the Baird household.
Thra young heiress to a portion of the
estate left by her father, John H. Baird,
made up -her mind to marry Baldwin and
as there was opposition to the union the
pair went off and married secretly. Since
that time there has been litigation in
which Mrs. Baird' was defendant. There
are two children of the union— Marie, live
years old, and John, aged three years.
Baldwin was engaged by the H. S.
Crocker Company at their Bush-3treet
house to take charge of the flics in-a new
department they established about six
months ago. He remained with the firm
four months and was remarkably popular
with the employes.
| hence Dec 24; schr Bertie Miner, from Eureka.
| Jan 7 — Nor bark Prince Louis, from Newcastle.
NSW. Jan 8 — Stmr Eureka, from Seattle.
Jan O~ Stmr Alameda, hence Jan 3; Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru. from Yokohama.
EASTERN* PORT.
Sailed Jan 4— Br stmr Gaelic, for San Fran
clnco; Br stmr Coptic, for Yokohama. Jan 6 —
Br ship Lord'Shaftesbury, for Portland, Or.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon. " ' '¦¦' ' ¦
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 13— Br etmr In
drapura, from Orecon.
Sailed Jan 15^-Br stmr Empress of China,
for Vancouver.
SANTA RO8ALIA— Arrived Jan 5— Ger ship
Alice, from Hamburg. "* .
GUATEMALA— Sailed Dec 21— Ger stmr
Totmes. for Hamburg:.
¦•MILFORD HAVEN— Sailed Jan 11 — Br ship
Yola, for Honolulu.. •. . . , ";;»
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan ' 13— Br stmr
Claverlng, from Tacoma. ..Jan 10 — Br stmr
Coptic, hence Dec 28. '
ST VINCENT— Arrived Jan 1G— Ger stmr
Memphis, hence ¦ Oct 10.
SHIELDS— Sailed Jan i 14— Fr bark Jane
Guillon, for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Jan 15— Schr E K
Wood, from Fairhaven.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Tacoma,
from Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIZARD— Passed Jan 17, 12:40 a m— Stmr
Zeeland, from New. York, for Southampton and
Antweip.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Jan 16 — Stmr
Pennland, from Antwerp.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 16 — Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool.-,
Sailed Jan 16 — Stmr La Gascogne, for Havre.
MOVILLE — Arrived Jan 16 — Stmr Numidian,
from St John, N B, and Halifax, lor Liver
pool.
GLTASGOW — Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Llvonian,
for Philadelphia.
.QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr West
ernland, for Philadelohia ; stmr Celtic, for
New York; both from Liverpool.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entranc-j to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur- at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
KAHULUI— Arrived* Jan 2— Ship WjB Flint,
hence Dec 22. '
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 4— Bark Andrew-
Welch, * hence Dec • 18. Jan i 0 — Schr, Aloha, 1
ISLAND I PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 16— Fr bark La Fon
taine, from Nagasaki ; . Br bark Falkirk, from
Santa Rosalia. . * . • ¦ ..
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Jan 16 — Schrs Bertha
Dolbeer and Mabel Gray, from Euraka. ¦
' SOUTH BEND— Arrlvcl Jan 16^— Stmr Rival,
hence Janl3. . * •• s - . / ; . >:y
NEAH s BAY— Passed in Jan 1C— Jap stmr
Riojur: Maru, from Hongkong.
PORT. HADLOCK— Sailed Jan lC-^'Ger stmr
Hcrbdot, ' for ; Pert ;Blakeley. ¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 14— Schr C A
Thayer, for San 'Pedro; stmr Iaqua, for San
Francisco: 1 \
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 10 — Schr LUlebonne,
for San Francisco. . -
Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Cottase City, from
Seattle. . ¦ ¦ ¦
Arrived Jan 16— Stmr WaEhtenaw, hence
Jan 13. " . ' - .
BALLARD — Sailed Jan 16 — Schr Corona, for
San . Pedro. - • - .
PORTLAND— Arrived Jan 16— SMd Black
braes, from , Cane Town.
Sailed Jan 16 — Stmr Lakme, for San"Fran
cisco. ¦
- REDONDO — Arrived Jan 1C— Stmr Westport,
from Eureka, and Bailed -for Ventura.
PORT. LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan ; 15--
Stmr Alcazar, from
Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Mlneola, for Nanainio.
EUREKA — Arrived Jan 16 — Stmr . Alliance,
from ' Portland : stmr Newsboy, hence Jan j 1 5.
-Sailed Jan 16 — Stmrs Eureka and Fulton, for
San Francisco; schr Eva, for Honolulu. ,'
POINT LOBOS — Passed Jan 16, at 11 a m—
Stmr Grace Dollar, from Grays Harbor, for
Ventura. • ' . ¦
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 15 — Stmr Cottage
City, from Skaeway. Jan 16 — Stmr Santa
Ana, hence Jan 12; Ger stmr Nicaria, hence
Jan 10.
Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Cottasre City, for Sitka;
Ger ship Alsterkamp, for Tacoma.
Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Santa Ana, from San
Francisco. »
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 16— Schr
Alice Cooke, from Honolulu; Br ehip Puritan,
from Shanghai. ¦
POINT LOBOS, Jan 16, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity IS miles per hour.
r DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON — Arrived Jan ¦ - 16 — Stmr Argo,
hence Jan 14. ' > v
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived* Jan 15^-Stmr
.Navarro, hence Jan, 14. -Jan 16 — Schr "New
ark, hence Jan 157^ >
SAILED.
Thursday, January 16. .
Stmr Signal, Bendogard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr North - Fork, Foecn, Eureka. *
Stmr Queen, Thomas, Victoria.
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, Tacoma.
Stmr Nome City. Daniels, Port Los Angeles.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, Tacoma.
Stmr Bainier. Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Coquille River, Eilefsen, Fort Bragg.
U S stmr Kiloatrick, Rogers, Manila. -
Fr war stmr Protet, Earnaud, Honolulu and
Tahiti.
Br shin Wiscombe Park, Power, Queenstown.
Bark R P Cheney, Johnson, Puget Sound.
• Schr 'John G North, Seastrom, Port Town
send.
Schr Besale K, Pedersen, Coquille River.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, .
Stmr Phoenix. Odlund, Mertdocino.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, Los Angeles ports.
:¦ Friday, January 17, 12:35 a m.
Stmr Ventura.
TELEGRAPHIC.
CLEARED. » •
Thursday, January 16.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, Honolulu, and Syd
ney; J D Soreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; Pollard
Steamship Co.
Br ehip James Kerr, Powles, Queenstown;
Eppinser & Co.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 23 hours from \
Eureka. !
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from I
San Die~o.
Stmr ¦ Xewburjr, Peterson, 75 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Jap atrnr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, 2:{ days
'Si hours 43 minutes from Hongkong, via Yo
kohama 15 days 13 hours 12 minutes, and via
Honolulu 5 days 20 hours -i8 minutes.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 6 days from Ccqullle
River.
Schr Wm Renton, Jensen, 12 days from Port
Harford.
Schr Lily, Larson, 6 days from Umpqua.
Schr Albion, Larsen, C days from Coquille
River.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Brasting, 1-t days from
Port Gamble. .
Schr Maria E Smith, Nielsen, 26 days from
Port Garr.ble.
Schr Glen. - Nelson, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Mayflower, Gudmansen, 0 dajs from
Coquille River.
At about 2 o'clock in the morning Mrs.
Adrian heard the water running in the
bathroom and concluded that Barry was
about to take a bath/ A. strange- part of
the affair was the discovery that gas was
also escaping from a burner in the hall.
That the deceased had been drinking
heavily of late is an established lact,
since the widow so informed Deputy Cor
oner Brown.
The marriage of Baldwin and Marie
Veronica Baird, on November 15, 1&D5,
Sydney— J. F. Callaghan, A. F. Cate. Mrs.
J. E. Crilly, Master Harold Hill, F. H. Holl
way, Mrs. F. Hynes, Miss Hynes, S. Johnston,
Charles Mack, Joseph Mulqueeny, Mrs. H.
Ross, Miss Ross, C. J. Wilkins. G. T. Wil
liams.
Auckland — W. R. Godfrey. A. Johnson, Mrs.
A. M. Lind, Charles T. Nelson.
Stuart and child, G. Teubner, Mrs. Wilcox,
W. F. Wilson.
On the arrival of Deputy Coroner Brown
the body was examined, and by the side
of the louiise was a book and at the back
of it was a glove. It is presumed that
when Mrs. Baldwin retired the deceased'
remained up reading.
all that was possible, working over the
unfortunate man for two hours, but with
out avail. John R. Baird.- Mrs. Baldwin's
brother, was summoned and some- of the
most intimate friends of the family were
also apprised of the occurrence.
Second cab!n — Honolulu — C. M. Adriance,
Mrs. N. Benbow, A. W. Clark, James Guild,
Mrs. Guild. Miss E. Herrick. Miss M. Herrick.
Fred Hohneck. Mrs. J. Howson and child,
William Kel'ey, Miss Lowner, L. Maupin, B.
H. L McCracken, F. McFadden, Mrs. J. Mc-
Lean, J. Murray, Miss P. Noble. Mrs. William
Xoble, M. O'Uara. W. F. Olding. Mrs. J. R.
Parker and two children. Miss S. Raymond,
Oscar F. RHter. C. A. Shepherd. Mrs. J. C.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney — Mile. Anclon,
R. Arras, Mrs. ArraB and child, J. Bunth. Mrs.
Bunth and infant, John Deltorelli, Mrs. Delto
relli. Mile. E. de Mowza. Miss Duff. J. Fer
rari. Mrg. Ferrari, B. Flatt. Mrs. Flatt. A.
Michael, C. Nilsson, Mrs. Nilsson and child.
Professor Powell. Mrs. Powell. A. Powell. J.
G. Rial. Mrs. Rial, A. Rudd, A. Salermo and
valet, Mrs. Salermo. H. P. Sauers, Mrs. Sauers,
J. Shaw. F. Et. Onge, Mrs. St. Onge, J. St.
ODre.
Pago Pago-j— Francis Harmon, Hon. George
Heimrod, Miss D. Heimrod, Mrs. Basil Rick
etts.
Auckland — Miss I. Maginnity. R. P. Martin,
Rev. Father Taylor. '
Sydney — H. Anjou. M. M. 'Baxter. George
Darrell. F. J: Doddemead", Mrs. . C Dutton, H.
EstinKhausen,- Dr., J, W. Horner, Thomas Law
less, Rev. Father T. McSweeney;' Miss M. New
man, S. F. Palmer, W.-'A. Peairs, Mrs. Pealrs,
E. J. Rogers. Paul Steinfeld. M. \animan, Mrs.
Vaniman. Gus Wan^enheim, Mrs. Wangen
heim, Aaron W. C. Williams, Mrs. Williams.
First cabin: Honolulu — Dr. W. E. Allen,
Mrs. C. H. Andrew, L. Andrews, A.. E. An
gler, Mrs. A. Armsby, N. B. Brown, Mrs.
Brown. Mrs. F. D. Butterfield, A. N. Camp
bell, W. R. Castle Jr.. Mrs. Christ, Dr. A. B.
Clark, Mrs. Clark, B. Clark, H. T. Cooke, W.
H. Corbin, George E. Dow, O. M. Dunbar. J.
W. Ferris, Irving Fish. J. R. Gait, Mrs. Gait
and two children, Thomas B. Gregg, William
C. Gregg, • W. B. Hayes, S. J. Hendy, Mrs.
Hendy, H. E. Hoffman. Mrs. S. Hoffman and
maid. R. B. Hogue, Mrs. C. Hutchlns. Miss
Hutchins, B. J. Kane, Mrs. Kane, David Law
rence. C. F. Lehners> S. M. Liilie. John Mich
els, Mrs. Michel* and child, Mrs. J. Monsarrat,
Hanson Moore, Mrs.'M. E. Moore, Miss F. G.
Moore. Mrs. F. J. Nott, Miss Laura A. Xott,
Miss L. A. Perkins, Leo Pcckwitz, Mrs. Pock
witz, F. S. Prescott, Miss A. C. Rloe. Miss K.
Richardson. E. R. Rogers, J. G. Rothwell,
Mrs. Rcthwell, Miss E. P. Sargent, B. S.
Schermerhorn. P. Schneider. L-. Schweitzer,
Mrs. Schweitzer, W. A. Scripps, Mrs. Scripps,
Mies K. M. Severson, Mi»s F. L. Sharp. Miss
V. M. Sharp. M. P. Shepherd, C. H. Smith. G.
W. Stark, F. E. Thompson. A. H. Wagner,
Miss E. M. Wallace, L. F. Weaver, George H.
Whitney, E. C. Wilson, Master Wilson, Henry
Youngs, Mrs. Youngs, Mrs. E. Lehners.
Among the passengers on the Oceanic
Steamship Company's Ventura, which
sailed last evening for Honolulu and Aus
tralia, was Hon. George Heimrod, the
newly appointed Consul General to
Apia and successor of the late Consul
General Osborne. A theatrical troupe of
twenty-eight members will join the vessel
at Honolulu for Sydney.
The Ventura did not get away until 12:35
o'clock this morning, owing to the late ar
rival of the English mails.
She carried the following named passen
gers: .
Ventura Takes Many Passengers.
Captain—Julius A. Penn. Lieutenant A. La
Rue Christie, Joseph A. Baer, David H. Biddle,
Lindsay E. Cbeatham, William E. Gilmore,
Andrew J. Dougherty. C. B. Parker, W. P.
Kitts, H. Harries. C. N. Cole, Assistant Sur
geons Captains Roger P. Ames, Herbert Gunn.
Lieutenant Joseph C. WilBon, three daughters
of Colonel J. B. Girard, to Honolulu; -Mrs. J.
A Murtagh, child and nurse; Rev. Edgar T.
Chapman, Mrs. William E. Gilmore, Army
Nurses Julia E. Woods. Lucile E. S. Flick,
Irene A. Morgan. Mary F. J Ostien. Ann B.
Young. R. L. Creamer; James M. Kessen and
wife, John A. Murtagh, Contract Surgeon Erie
H. Sargent, Colonel Denny. U. S. M. C.. and
wife; Lieutenant H. T. Roosevelt, U. S. M. C..
and wife, Captain E. K. Cole. U. S.' M C. ;
Lieutenants of Marine Corps O. Rack, J. S.
Turril. H. C. Reisinger. L. W. Dikemer and
W. A. Pickering. Major W. A. Glassford, Cap
tain E. D A. Peirce, Commissary Clerk J. H.
Tutt. wife and child; John C. Budd and wife.
H. A Scip. U. S. N.; H. H. Cheal and wife;
Major William O. Oliver, Mrs. A. J. Dougherty.
George H Whitney. Carl F. Lehnore, George
D. Clagett. J. C. Hawk. Miss E. L. Nichols,
Commissary Sergeants Rene Wilson, Charles
Cone and Major Vinson, paymaster.
The United States army transport Kil
patrick sailed at noon yesterday for Ma
nila by way of Honolulu. She carried 700
recruits and casuals and 100 enlisted men
of the Marine Corps. A large number of
army officers and officers of the Marine
Corps took passage. Among the latter
were Lieutenant Roosevelt and his wife,
the daughter of Judge Morrow. Judge
Morrow, Mrs. Morrow and Bert Morrow
were at the wharf to wave good-by to the
newly wedded pair.
The cabin passengers were: . ,.rv-.'
Hongkong Maru Arrives From
Orient, Protet Leaves for
South Seas.
Ventura Departs for the
Antipodes With Full
Cabin.
On rising in the -morning Mrs. Adrian,
one of. the household, noticed an odor of
e&capinggas and hastened to Mrs. Bald
win's room, thinking it came from there.
Finding that such was not the case, she
went to the parlor and there found young
Baldwin, fully-flressed, in a reclining po
sition on a lounge in. a dying condition.
A gas jet was open and. the room was
full of the deadly fumes, notwithstanding
that the window was slightly open. Mrs.
Baldwin was called, and as it was im
possible to arouse him Drs. "William Him
melsbach and H. It. C. Mendel were sent
for and a telephone message called ua
the family physician, Dr. Burnell. Upon
tne arrival of the medical men they did
In the evening the deceased remained
with his wife, Mrs. Marie V. Baldwin,
until 10 o'clock; at which hour Mrs. Bald
win retired. Baldwin remained in the par
lor and nothing was heard of" him again
by his wife, who slept soundly.
It is not for a . moment thought
by the members of his family or friends
that Baldwin took his own life, it. being
their belief that death was '., accidental.
The relations between young Baldwin and
his wife have been of a cordial nature
and i he was even contemplating a trip to
Manila, there to join his father, Barry
Baldwin Sr., who is in the Philippines
as the representative of the firm of Ma
condray & Co. ' ",'-- :; - '
B— — AHRT BALDWIN, JR. was dis
covered asphyxiated by gas at
his home, 2945 Washington street,
at 7 o'clock yesterday morning.
SOLDIERS LEAVE
ON KILPATRICK
BARRY B ALPWIN JR. IS STRANGELY
ASPHYXIATED BY GAS IN HIS HOME
THE S A JV FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1902,
7
Steamer.
'or.
;alls.
AI-K1
DlrJgo. ......
Excelsior. . . .
Skagway & "Way Ports. Jan. 20
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan." 21
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.| Jan. 25
Steamer.
Destination.
iSails.
Pier.
January 17.
Strathgyle. China & Japan. 12 mPler*>7
Ji om ? City, i^og Angeles Ports.. 3 pm|Pier 3
Rainier Seattle & N. What.. 5 pra|Pier 2
Pomona... Humbo'.dt < .......... l:30pPIer U
January 18.
C. Nelson.. Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Chehalla... Grays Harbor [ 5 pm Pier 28
Herodot... Hamburg & \Vay...| Pier 31
£ ol -5i/" rtfna Pol" 1 Arena 2pm|Pler t
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 1 11 am I Pier 24
Newport... Panama & Way Pts.llli m PMSS
Bonlta..... xewport & Way Pts. Oam|Pierll
January 10. | I ,
Kureka:... Humboldt 9 amIPIer 13
Santa Ilosa g an Dlesp & Way.../ OamlPierll
*= a 5 1 Pedro. Humboldt [10 am Pier 2
J. Klmball. geattle & Tacoma...|10 am Pier n
January 20. j
Arcata coos B. & Pt. Orf ord 1 10 am Pier 13
Mandalay. coqullle River 1 pm Pier 2
W. Kruger. xillamook Bay ..... 5 pm Pier 13
Newburg. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
January 21.
Alliance!.. Portland & Way Pts. lOamjPlerlO
Empire.... Coos Bay .>, 12 m Pier 13
Argo Coquille River 12 m Pier 2
Lakme Astoria & Portland Pier 2
Gaelic China & Japan l'pin PMSS '
Umatllla.. Puget Sound Ports. . 11 am Pier 9
; January 22.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor ..... 6 pmlPier 2
State Cal.. San Piego & Way... a am Pier H
Coo&Bay.. K«wport & Way 9 am Pier 11
January 23. ,-
Rival.*..... Wlllapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
January 25.
North Fork Humboldt' 9 am Pier 2
Alameda.. Honolulu :... . . . 10 am Pier 7
January 2O.
Clty'Puebl- Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Santa Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma. . 10 am Pier -2
Steamer. From. | Due.
Mandalay Coquille River Jan. 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Urnatllla Pug*t bound Ports tan. IT
Herodot Seattle Jan. 17
Chehalis (Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 18
Mackinaw... Tacoma Jan. IS
Santa Barb.. Gray3 Harbor Jan. 18
H. K. Karu.. China & Japan Jan. Its
Lakme Portland &. Astoria Jan. IS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 10
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 19
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Port? Jan. 19
Argo Coquille River .'Jan. It)
Pomona. ..... Humboldt .'. , Jan 20
W. H. Kruger San Pedro j an . 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Jan 20
Crescent City Crescent City j an . 20
Empire ...... Coos Bay j a n . °o
nival.-- Willapa Harbor Jan' 21
Argryll New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Alameda... .. Honolulu •. . Jan. ;>"
Coronado. . . . San Pedro .' j a n ' 2**
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan! 22
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan' •>"
Bonita... Newport & Way Ports Jan" 23
Santa Ana — Seattle & Tacoma Jan 2"S
tanta P.oua.. San Diego & Way Pts Jan' 2.!
PI. Arena Point Arena j an -vj I
Sequoia Grays Harbor jan Zl '
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports J»n' 2S
O. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria .... Jan! 25
lime liimci |
s ;
17
IS
19
20
21
22
23
i -|
1 Ft. 1 VFt. I
6-01 5.2 11:D6 1.3
5:52 0.3 1:03 0.7
Li-.W H W
0:21 2.S G:49 5.6
1:25 2.0 7:46 5.7
2:25 2.0 8:46 6.9
3:23 2.8 9:39 6.0
4:1H 2.7 10:30 ' 5.0
H W L W
0:19 . 6.11 5:09 2.6
Ft. ) Ft.
h yr . Li "\v(
6:30 3.6 11:1C 2.5
8:00 3.7
L. W H W
2:02 0.1 9:09 4.0
2:56—0.4 10:04 4.3
3:49—0.8 10:62 4.G
4:34—1.0 11:36 4.9
5:19—0.9 .._
H.W ; L. W ' •
11:20 5.8 6:01 — O.S
24
Steamer.
'or.
;alls.
AI-K1
DlrJgo. ......
Excelsior. . . .
Skagway & "Way Ports. Jan. 20
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan." 21
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.| Jan. 25
lime liimci |
s ;
17
IS
19
20
21
22
23
i -|
1 Ft. 1 VFt. I
6-01 5.2 11:D6 1.3
5:52 0.3 1:03 0.7
Li-.W H W
0:21 2.S G:49 5.6
1:25 2.0 7:46 5.7
2:25 2.0 8:46 6.9
3:23 2.8 9:39 6.0
4:1H 2.7 10:30 ' 5.0
H W L W
0:19 . 6.11 5:09 2.6
Ft. ) Ft.
h yr . Li "\v(
6:30 3.6 11:1C 2.5
8:00 3.7
L. W H W
2:02 0.1 9:09 4.0
2:56—0.4 10:04 4.3
3:49—0.8 10:62 4.G
4:34—1.0 11:36 4.9
5:19—0.9 .._
H.W ; L. W ' •
11:20 5.8 6:01 — O.S
24
Steamer.
Destination.
iSails.
Pier.
January 17.
Strathgyle. China & Japan. 12 mPler*>7
Ji om ? City, i^og Angeles Ports.. 3 pm|Pier 3
Rainier Seattle & N. What.. 5 pra|Pier 2
Pomona... Humbo'.dt < .......... l:30pPIer U
January 18.
C. Nelson.. Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Chehalla... Grays Harbor [ 5 pm Pier 28
Herodot... Hamburg & \Vay...| Pier 31
£ ol -5i/" rtfna Pol" 1 Arena 2pm|Pler t
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 1 11 am I Pier 24
Newport... Panama & Way Pts.llli m PMSS
Bonlta..... xewport & Way Pts. Oam|Pierll
January 10. | I ,
Kureka:... Humboldt 9 amIPIer 13
Santa Ilosa g an Dlesp & Way.../ OamlPierll
*= a 5 1 Pedro. Humboldt [10 am Pier 2
J. Klmball. geattle & Tacoma...|10 am Pier n
January 20. j
Arcata coos B. & Pt. Orf ord 1 10 am Pier 13
Mandalay. coqullle River 1 pm Pier 2
W. Kruger. xillamook Bay ..... 5 pm Pier 13
Newburg. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
January 21.
Alliance!.. Portland & Way Pts. lOamjPlerlO
Empire.... Coos Bay .>, 12 m Pier 13
Argo Coquille River 12 m Pier 2
Lakme Astoria & Portland Pier 2
Gaelic China & Japan l'pin PMSS '
Umatllla.. Puget Sound Ports. . 11 am Pier 9
; January 22.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor ..... 6 pmlPier 2
State Cal.. San Piego & Way... a am Pier H
Coo&Bay.. K«wport & Way 9 am Pier 11
January 23. ,-
Rival.*..... Wlllapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
January 25.
North Fork Humboldt' 9 am Pier 2
Alameda.. Honolulu :... . . . 10 am Pier 7
January 2O.
Clty'Puebl- Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Santa Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma. . 10 am Pier -2
Steamer. From. | Due.
Mandalay Coquille River Jan. 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Urnatllla Pug*t bound Ports tan. IT
Herodot Seattle Jan. 17
Chehalis (Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 18
Mackinaw... Tacoma Jan. IS
Santa Barb.. Gray3 Harbor Jan. 18
H. K. Karu.. China & Japan Jan. Its
Lakme Portland &. Astoria Jan. IS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 10
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 19
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Port? Jan. 19
Argo Coquille River .'Jan. It)
Pomona. ..... Humboldt .'. , Jan 20
W. H. Kruger San Pedro j an . 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Jan 20
Crescent City Crescent City j an . 20
Empire ...... Coos Bay j a n . °o
nival.-- Willapa Harbor Jan' 21
Argryll New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Alameda... .. Honolulu •. . Jan. ;>"
Coronado. . . . San Pedro .' j a n ' 2**
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan! 22
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan' •>"
Bonita... Newport & Way Ports Jan" 23
Santa Ana — Seattle & Tacoma Jan 2"S
tanta P.oua.. San Diego & Way Pts Jan' 2.!
PI. Arena Point Arena j an -vj I
Sequoia Grays Harbor jan Zl '
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports J»n' 2S
O. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria .... Jan! 25
Announcement
tTO THE
PUBLIC
ff f\WlSQ TO THE PA-
v/ vorable criticism and
many inquiries received
by us from the medical profession and others ¦
Interested regarding our statement that the so- j
called weakness of men Is not a weakness, but j
symptoms of inflammation of the Prostate '
Gland (neck of bladder), caused by contracted -
disorders and early dissipation, and that Loss |
of Vitality, Prematureness. etc.. are Invariably
cured by procedures directed toward correcting
this inflammation,' we wish to state to these)
many inquiries, in the columns of the press,
that It takes approximately ten weeks to curs
these disorders of the male. The treatment la
entirely a local one, as no drugging the stomach ;
is necessary, and that the patient may treat i
himself at home under our direction. We will '
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any !
reliable physician on request. The colored chart j
of the organs, which we send free on applica- 1
tion to any one interested in the subject, will I
be found a gTeat advantage in "Home Diagno-
sis," as well as a study for all interested la |
their anatomy. Very respectfully, ;
DR. TALCOIT & C'J., 997 Market St, j
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
SHUSEUH 4F AHflTOMY^
A CjB 1331 KASZST51. 1st. 6±*?i,S.T.Cil. A
\ Gt Tk- Largest Anatomical Musecm in the \
B in' in in World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V \jy~^*n disease po»itJ»«-Iy curcid by the oldest ?
Q i&i MS bpecialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. ©
A a^^| OR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN d
\ B^S«hu9H Consultzticn free and stiirtly prWate. \
m ft SJ)&( P\ Trratment personally cr by Utter. A A
V Q jy (^ til Positive Cure in every case undertaken. • T
X fll // \\& Write for Book. FHILOHOHaY of A
? « j ti BAnRIACE, MAILED FREE. ( A. J
9 DE. JORDAN Ok CO.. 1051 Market St.S. F. 9
. . ,
g^ WONG WOO,
Cf? CHINESE TEA AND HERS
fcU 9 SAMTARIUM.
J«L : 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
fffltj^fiMy /\ LL, DISEASES CURED
*&'W;W&v>* n- exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3C0O varieties being used. Hours
9:30 to 11 a. m., ,1 to N 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Farry Depot.
__ _ i^jgaj n m # d Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
•• Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a
•¦ Visalia.. 8:39p 5:00a
" Bakersfld 0:15 p 5:20p -7:45a
•' Kan.City 2:40a 7:30a
•' Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4-20 p. m- * 3 Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. •
8 '00 p. m. Js the Overland Express, with
through Palac0 and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. rn.
• 7 :20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: . 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing September 2l>,' 1001. ¦•'-¦' •'<¦'¦
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAliEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS — 6:55, 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m.,
•1-45, 3:15,' 4:15, 6:15, m %:\5. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS — For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. 'lO:^ »ll:30a. m.. •1:15.
3-15, *4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a. m., *12:25, 2:15, »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. rn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
snd Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. »8:00. *10:00. *11:45 a. m..
•1-40. *3:10. 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains merked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO HAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:53. 10:30
a m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05. . 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15.
£•30. 6-00, 6:45 p. m-
* ' THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. ; . V ¦¦
1 :45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
etatlons.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
Stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. t ..
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St.- San Fran.
Wick Sun- Sun- VVeek
P^ 3 - da y s - .t a. -hm.Wter days "
™ ? sst iiy&v0^ if* p -
Fan, S» Traaclsco to Sum-nlt nd lUrora, J1.9C.
-- XSsketOQcu, fill MABiET STBXZT *od SAUSAUZO TSXBX.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXT ST. Established
in 1S54 for the treatment of I'rivnto
.Disetises. Lost Manhood. Debility or
¦ <11*was« wearing: on body and mind and
ISkin Diseases. The Doctor enreswhen
others fell. Try him. . Charges low.
irnrr* guaranteed. Culiorwrlia
l>r. J. JP- «lB2O3i. biiu rrancisco, Cal. _
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How untrue the old adage "Beauty's Skin Deep." How many women of beauti-
ful features marred by impure blood try in vain to ge^( a pure complexion by doctor-
ing the skin. The quickest, surest, only way to beauty is to cleanse the blood.
— .*fCTri_. "I have been taking Cascarets for pimples and
.^SSaS&V have been greatly benefited."
— Miss Gertrude Grant, Cambridge, Mass.
"I am very well pleased with. Cascarets. They arc
— ilis3 Catherine C. Coffman, S. English. I*.
•S^SSg^^^^^^s^^iS^S^^KJ^fc. "Cascarets •will clear the complexion of boils,
/#£2K8&^»iSs^«* 1 *~^S*iS^^^N^'^* pimples and blackheads caused by impure blood.',
~ A " E " Griffln - M " D - Smbbleneld. Texas.
WSWSK'^L<gsr>»^'~>~g^ "Cascarets hare done a great deal of good for ma
%*_^^^^^^»?S^ Y^V>*if§!>^ "I mist add my testimonial to your valuabla
*&%&'%Es*F s *'^i (L*^^E=i^x»&*"^>l\ medicine Cascarets for stomach trouble." -twdjM
. —Irene Ackerman (famous slneer),
"^"^Myj^^^^^ 20 Wos * fifteenth Street. New Tori.
t^S^SK^a? " J was ""Bering irith »lclc headaches a great deal, bu>
/^sSSfl \S4^^ Si > nSfcSSS^v after taking a box of Cascareta, am entirely cured."
J/Ti^^ffl iL.'" l^^Mr — Miss Clara Stimmel, 229 So. Sandusky St., Delaware, O.
(\ s-J NkI C> ' 'f&ssf "Ca.icarets did me a world of good. My liver was in bad
1 j~~ *<lss s m&Z&f condition for some timo and one box cured me."
j^^^^P^l *& /££& ' ¦ — Miss Mabel Allen, Clare, Michigan.
vSjjuJ^XX (-JX .^ifiiirC* "I have taken Cascarets for my complexion and find
.rerTtrrr-H **~-e, - they ar« very pleasant to take and have benefited ma
flS^jl >j^^r 1*^ wonderfuny/-MUs Eliza V. Hunter, Palatka, Florida.
X^y^^Zj^^^ Ik^^ \ "My wife had pimplfs on her face. She took Ca3eareta
\r /^"* »nd the pimples all ( disappeared. We cannot speak too
> ifj£/^? -^Q^^' c ">^^\ — ffred Waitman, 5708 Qermantown Ave.. Phila., Pa.
I * // "When I commenced taking Cascarets. I waa very weak
'¦-/" N AL. // a and nervous an4 had a very offensive breath. It h near
\ II ff five months sine* I quit taking Csscarets and all thos«
X. 1 / / awful spells hare disappeared.
1 / ¦; • —iliss Annie Duncan, Bnrchard, Ind»
How many, many young women are anaemic, pale, sickly-looking, perhaps
with pimples on face and neck, owing to poor, unhealthy blood. Perhaps wo-
manhood is approaching, that serious time of life when irregularities are liabla
to break down a constitution. The first rule for purifying and enriching the
•blood is to keep the bowels free and natural, gently but positively, without ner-
vous shock, and Cascarets Candy Cathartic is the only medicine to do it.
i5SSx /»/-»?» rt4 rv Best for the B ° w el»« All druggists, ioc, 95c, 50c. Never sold fa bulk.
&\rVfi*4Z4^L««$rfc? The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to euro or you*
T?ri ¦ ~"^,yy money back. Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. OS
SOUTHERN PACIFIOJ
Trmlm NUT* nml »r« +w i« nrrl *• m% I
, . man riu.MCi.siu. *
>¦* (Main Line. Foot of Market 8 treat.) «*
UATB — From Dxczxbxk 8. 1901. — uint
7sOO a Benici*, Suiiaa, Elmir» and Bmzv
mento. 8:35»
TriXU Vaeaville, Wtotori/Kumsey 7:34*
7i3Oa Martinez, Saa lUtooa. V*Ue]o. Napn,
C»!l»toga and HauU Rosa «iS3»
8:00a Davis, Woodland. KnigntJ Landing.
ilarjifillo, Oro.iilH.. 7:3-lr
8i00* Atlantic Rzptesa— Ogdeo and Eut "?:23a,
»««<U Kites. Latbrop. Stockton 7j23#
StO«AHUea. ilendota. Hanford. Visalla,
PorterrtJle *s33»
• 1 1»A Bba«ta Express— Davis. WllUnns (for
Bartlett 8Drlan>, Willows, Ke-i
Bluff. Por&ni... 7:U*
• il»ABan Joa«, Llierraors, Htoeiton,
Ions, Saermmento. Plaflnrllleh
M»rj.»lll«. Chleo. nmlKIulT 4>S9v
8:89* Oakdale, Cblneae.BoDorm, Tuotmna* 4:25»
»iOO» HsTwazd, I.'ilti and Way 8UUons.. 1 1:33a
t««OAV»Uejo 12:239
•iOO a Ixn Anzsles Express — Uartlnez-
Tracr, Latlirop. rttocktoa. Her cod
Freiuo >ud Lea Angele» 7:33a
»«30 a Vallejo. JOartines amt Way HtaHon* 7:35 »
1 tiOUA Tba OTOtlaml Limited— Ogdeo, Kan-
»er, Omaha. ChkaffO St33» .
tls0*p8aeram«ntuKiT«rSteanan \lliQQ9
8>«»r Benicia. Wlnten, H»cr»mento,
Woodland. -Knights Landing;
MarrnTllle, OrotiJlo 10:31* -
*:S0p Harvard. K lies and Way SUtlons.. 7:33 r
4:Oiir Mar:inor, Han ltamou. Vallejo.
N»p*. CaliatOKB. Hunt* Iton »>33>
4liOOrNnej, Li»ermote. Stockton, Lodl... 12<a3#
4>XOpHajward > MUea,8aa Jostt UrrmiOTa 1^:33*
4:3arTfae Ovl Limited — Fresno, Tulare,
Bakenfleld. Saogns (or Sauta Bav>
bara. Los Anceles Ss33k
8i«0r Port Coata, Tracy. Lathrcp. Stockton 1u:S3a
OiOOp HUition. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno I2ia.i»
«i«Or Howard. Kilos aud San Joie 7i33a
f«:O«r Vallejo 11:33*
•iO0r Oriental -Matl— Ogden, Deafer.
Omaha, 8t. Lotna, Chicago <i23*
7>*«r Oregou and Oalifornla Kiprean, Hao-
rauieiitu, Marjia*iII«. Itetliliuf,
Fortlaml, l'Hget Hound anil Kut 8t33*
¦tOSpSaa Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.23*
t8tO3p Vallejo 7?33>
COAST LINE (Harrow Uauge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
¦iK»ANewarW.Center»ille > 8anJoee,Felton.
Uoiilder Creek.Santa Onu and Way
Stations S>3*9
ta«ISr Newark. C'enteTTille. fitu.Tom Nra
Almailen, Felton, Itoalder Creek.
Sauta Cms and Principal Wsy
Stations „.... I»:H«A
4ttHr Newark. M»u Jose. Los Gatos jS:5O»
¦9.3 up Hunters' Train — San Jose and Way
Stations t7.aw
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAX msCISCQ— Fool of Market Sirut (Slip ih~
tV:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:33 3:00 - 6:13r.lt.
rromOHUaD— T»*\ *l itniwtj.— ta.00 t3;00 t3;0»
10:00.. u. 13:03 3.03 4:C3r.M.
COAST LINE (Rroei! tUngt).
.•_'. •.'-.-.-. (Third mid Tovrngeiul Sts.)
6«IOa Ban Jose and Way Stations... ....... «>4Ma
7:QOA Han Jose and Way Stittiuiis... f«t:«O»
/7i»WANew Almaden / 4tX0»>
8:00a Co*3t Line Limited — San Joae,
Gilrny. Salinas, San Lois Obispo.
Santa Barbara, Lot Angeles and
srincipal intermediate stations.... 10:43©
BiOOa S>i" .luat). TreB l'inoa. Himta V.tnr..
Pacilic Uro««. Salinas. San Lnis
Obispo and Principal intermediate
Stations 4llO»
lOt&Oji Saa Jose and Wsy Stations. 8:30a,
I I:3»a Hau Josh and Way .Stations !I:4«A
13:-I»p San Mateo, ltedwood. Monlo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. San .logo,
Tre» Pinos. Santa Crux, Salinas.
Monterey ami Pacific (Jtotb ]1U:Oa
B:'do e Han Jose and Way Stations. Ii3»*
¦ «4:l3r San Joseaml Principal Way .Station* 3i'<10»
4:30 p Sunset Limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, PridijH, for Loj Angeles, El
Paso, New Urleans and New York.
Arrires Sundays. Tuesdays and
1 Thursday 10:13*
f3:00rSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations „ t»:OOA
SiSOp San Joae ami Principal Way Station* 6<3O»
0::tOi-8*i. .Toaean.l Way .Stations 7>3OV
7>0Op New Orleans Express — .San Luis
Obispo, Sauta Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlng. £1 Paso, New Or-
leans and East 7:38a,
«ll:45p San Jonan-ml Way Stations 7iSO»
A for Morning. - P for Afternoon,
t Humlay ezcepted. . J Sunday only.
__o8atarday only^ X????S' a y?*?4_? 1 !i4*yjj»
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
.; RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Kxtra trlpsi
at l:C0 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3*.
6:00. 6:20 p. ra. -
San Raias! to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, T:50. 8:20. U:10 a, m.;
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Kxtra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. -
SUNDAYS — S-.10, 8:10, 11:10 a. nu; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I ArriT*
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 10011 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 I Sun- I \7ee!t
Dayg. I days. | Destination! daya. | Daya. .
7:30am 8:00am Ncvato. 10:40am 8 :40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am.
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm,
*. Fulton.
?:30am * "Windsor. 10:25am
5:C3pm Healdsburg, 10:40axn
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:C0am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:2©pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pn»
7 - 3Cam : 10:40am 10:25aa
8:00am Guernoville. 7:35pra
3:30pm 5:00pm 6 :20pm
7:30am 8:00am /Sonoma I 8:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05prn 8:20pm
7:30am! 8:00am| J10:40amll0:25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm[ Sebastopol. i 7:35pm| 6:20pm.
' Stases connect at Santa Rosa for ' Marie
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at
Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton.
Springs; at Qeyserville for, Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan - Springs. Highland" Springs, Kelaey-
ville Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blua Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake ¦ Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*9.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*»
Hot Springs, Mendoclr.o City. Fort Brags.
Westport. Usal. WUUU. Laytonvilte. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C30 Market 3treet. Chronlcla
building.
H. C. WHITTNG. R. X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
\A/. T. HESS,
. K0TARY PUBLIC AND ATTOEHET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bide.
Telephone Main 083,
Residence, *821 California st., below Po-veU,
Residence Telephone. James 1301.
2JEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAIR WON'T FALL OUT
If You Kill the Dandruff Germ With
tho New Treatment.
John X. Fuller, a well-known citizen of j
Colfax, Wash., says: "I had dandruff &o j
badly that it caked on my scalp. Herpi-
cide completely cured me." George H. Me-
\Vhirk of Walla 'W^ila, Wash., says:
"Herpicide completely cured me of .a bad
case cf dandruff of thirty years' stand-
ing." They tcok the only really sensible
treatment, a remedy that destroys the
dandruff germ — Newbro's Herpicide. Stoo
dandruff, hair won't fall out, but will
grow naturally, luxuriantly. Allays itch-
ing Instantly, and makes hair glossy and
soft as silk. At druggists. One bottle
will convince any doubter of its merits.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
j On one side of these magnificent-
Si hotels is the wholesale and manu-
** Jacturcrs* district — on the other re-
% ' tail stores, clubs, railroad and
f newspaper offices, banks and the-
l &ters. Street cars to all part3 of ,
ithe city— depots, ferries and parks- *
cass the entrance.
American and European plans.
; ; AMUSEM3?ITS.
ggg^ RACING
— T5»--w»Ss=8SSg> £ * £ very W eek Day —
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. \ ;
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Fsrry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. I, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved fur
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland tnole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
Dect -with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:ia
and 4:15 p. m. and immediately after the last
race. ¦
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. :
-_ «.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL. ,
SATURDAY. JANUARY 1STH. 3 P. M.,
ANGELUSPIANO.PLAYER RECITAL, ,
Assisted by the
NEW VICTOK DISK TALKING MACHINE.
ADMISSION FREE, but to ¦ prevent over-
Crowdlngr of the hall tickets should be pro-
cured at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Store,
'Keaniy and Butter streets.
COOPER .MEDICAL COLLEGE.
Corner Sacramento and Webster Streets.
LANE LECTURES
FRIDAY EVENING, JANUARY 17TH,
DR. WILLIAM OPHULS
"Natural Defenses of the Animal Body. 1 /
ADMISSION FREE.". :¦-"¦'¦, '
AJITJSE3IE1TTS.
...r.-tro-LT -..
MODJESKAlnd jTuES
To-Nteht— "MERCHANT OP VENICE."
Saturday MaUnee— "MAJIY STUART."
Saturday Ni£ht (Farewell)— "MACBETH.^ rl
A NEXT MONDAY, Jan. 20,
SgsKIRKELASHELLE
Wgk OPERA CO.,
fjrar In the Brilliant Opera Comlque
T3f5^©l Success.
W *iifr( ' ' THE '
fm princess
fV CHIC.
I V SEATS NOW READY.
CT *V"T F^ Zi TWO MATINEE
JC.y'V » r^T— ». RECITALS.
AT 3 O'CLOCK ON AFTERNOONS OF
TUESDAY. Jan. 28. and FRIDAY, Jan. 31.
JOSEF
HOFMANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats^ — $2. $1 50. $1 and 50c.
Seat sale begins next Monday, January 20
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'g music store.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Tremendous Success of -
Herschel Mayall. Laura Nelson Hall and
The Grand Opera House Stock Company
In a Magnificent Production of
"CLAIRE AND THE
FORGEM ASTER."
Mr. and airs. Kendall's Greatest Success.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 16c, 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, 25c
Xcxt Week— EDWIN ARDEN In "DON
CAESAR DE BAZAN/'
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3:15 O'CLOCK.
LASi SYMPHONY CONCERT
First Series.
PAUL STEIXDORFF. Director.
Seats. $1 00. 51, 75c and 50c. at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'e.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
LAST \TEEK-GET IN LINE!
Little Red
Riding Hood
ilcn&ay, January 20th»
THE TOYMAKER.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bueh 9.
GLORIOUS GALAXY OF STARS!
Kara the Great; Three Faust Sisters;
Arthur Buckner; Jacques Inaudi.;
Mr and Mrs. Gardner Crane, and j
the Biograph. Last times of Girard
and Gardner; The Three Westons,
snd Alf Holt. |
Reserved Seats,- 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box j
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
LAST TIMES.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE TO-MORROW AND
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
BEET OF ALL "DOWN EAST" PLAYS.
RICHARJ) GOLDEN . |
01!) JEDJ80UTY.
EUNb&V NIGHT— FREDERITK WARDE.
Bsnfiay. Monday and Tuesday Nights
JULIUS CAESAR
Wednesday. Thurs. Nights. Sat. Matinee. .
THE MOUNTEBANK
Friday NIcrht VIRGINIUS
Saturday Night XING LEAR
• SEATS READY.
iJikfHBATRS A?
ALL THIS WEEK.
A BIG SUCCESS.
FOR THE
WHITE ROSE.
LAVISH COSTUMES AND MOUNTINGS.
MATINEES TO-MOnilOW AND SUNDAY.
IN PSEPARATION-
"IH5 DANITES,"
BEB&SCOAMtBTfffALE&jtt.tftip; \
n txtzx csrr kjua
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— SAT 1 Y AND SUNDAY EVG.
MATINEES TO-MORROVv and SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production cf AuguEtia Daly's
World Famous Melodrama,
Under the Gaslight
See Enorkey. the one-armed soldier — See the
Great Railrcad Scene, etc.
DD?rCC EVrs... 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rfiitCS Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Monday — "THE FIRE PATROL."
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES A*F2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS-
ADMISSION 25c AND 50c
CHUTES AND ZOO ?22{££F
Big Vaudeville Show
ELLA BURT. THE DARING LADY CYCLIST,
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
FISHRFR'^! CONCERT HOUSE
r±DC»niiliJ> Admission lOc.
Clarence; Dora Mervin: Mendel and Mack;
Frank Ferez; Monroe; Erady and Hamilton;
Hines and Kimball. and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra.
Heaerved Seats. 25c Matinee Sunday. •
Beauty's Blood Deep
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. ' Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c:' Cow
Hlde3, 9%c for heavy and 9c for light:
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal 9Uc :
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls 14c :
Dry Kip 15c; pry Calf. lS@18%c; Culls and
Brands, 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c
each; short Wool. 40@tS0c each; medium. 65®
75c; long Wool. 80c©$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt $2 7503 for large and $2 50 for medium,
si 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides dry, $1.75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium .35e
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%@6e per lb :
No. 2, 4%#5c;, grease. 2%@3c. .. .
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquin. 6@8c; San Joa
quin Lambs'. -7%©8%c; Middle County 8@10c
y*, r i : lb i;=y alley Ore E°n. spring." 15@15%c; do,
fall, 14@15c iper : lb. - . T,»'.--;'>*'
HOPS — 0@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. . Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment. Y
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. , , . , '
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%cper lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels
pure. ll%c: 10-lb tins, 12tfc; 5-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb tins, 12*,*jc.' - ¦ ¦ -
CURED MEATS — Bacon, . 12c . per lb for
heavy, 12^c for light medium,' 13%c for light
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured :
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per
barrel; extra Mess. $11@11 60; Family $l">«i>
12 50; prime Mess- Pork, $15; extra, clear
$22 50@23; Mess, $18 S0@19; 1 Smoked Beef'
13 %@14c per pound. ..
Provisions were higher at Chicago, but wires
from there reported a pronounced increase in
stocks. [¦
This market continues neglected at tha old
prices. : ... .' .
Provisions.
developed in yesterday's stock market failed to
persist to-day. With the urgent demand from
the Ehort* EetlEfied the buying: became apa
thetic. The selling was very light, but was
not well absorbed and the market moved in a
Fluggish and irregular way all day. J The rather
acute weakness which was manifest early In
the week was not renewed and there was some
appearance of support on the decline. This and
the positive strength of a few stocks In the list
steadied the tone after the decline had reached
considerable figures and resulted In recoveries.
The general level of prU^ro aid not get ' far
from last nijrht's level on the recovery and the
market became irregular again at the closing.
There is an element among stock operators
which holds the theory that large reserves of
capital are In the hands of Investors ready to
flow into securities the moment the downward
course of prices Is seen to h»ve crone far
enough. This class hoped that the support af
forded the market yesterday would resolve the
doubts of the owners of this waiting capital.
and that it would flow into the stock market,
but the commission houses this morning failed
to reflect any notable Increase In their orders
tor execution. ¦ The opening advance quickly
came to a standstill. Sharp weakness In Man
hattan helped the reactionary tone, that stock
dropping during the morning to 134%. Specula
tore In the stock have been fed with* the hope
that an arrangement for an interchange of
traffic, with the New York Central was impend
ing as a consequence of the disaster in the
Park-avenue tunnel. As yesterday's statement
by the New York Central directors of their
Plans for terminal improvements gave no cor
rcboration to the reported plan for Interchange
¦with Manhattan that stock was sold freely by
the epeculators. There was much discussion In
a general way of the recent new bond and stock
issues by various railroad companies and the
effect of this discussion was unfavorable to
speculation. Recent heavy outlays by railway
companies from the large current profits were
supposed to be a foreetallraent of necessary
thanges for betterments and to promise future
curtailment of expenses and the consequent
maintenance of net profit in future periods of
less prosperity. The current tendency to in
crease capital issues has disturbed this feelln*
c t.. M<rurlty over the future - The process of
piling up reserves In the New York banks
which seems to have gained much headway
during the week, failed entirely to stimulate
speculation. The money market continued
*nsy and sterling exchange showed no advance
The maintenance by the Bank of England of
(.a 4 per cent discount rate may be regarded
n a fair notice of its Intention to attempt to
-ft the open market rate. The bank's reserve
la very strong and the market is practically
free of ¦" indebtedness to the Institution, which
¦would prompt its governors in their capacity as
private bankers to lower the rate and secure
business, but In their semi-public capacity and
'joking to the coming iseue of a Government
loan It may be Incumbent upon them •'to take
measures to attract foreign gold to the English
money market. There was some special strength
In to-day's market by Southwestern railroad
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.— The strength which
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour
weak; No. 3 spring wheat, 71%@76%c; No. 2
red. 83%®84%c: No. 2 oats, 44%c; No. 2
white. 45>i@469ic; No. - 3 white. 45%@46%c-
No. 2 rye. 61%@62c; fair to choice maltinr
barley, 62@64cj No. 1 , flax seed, $1 C5; No." 1
Provisions ruled lower, following grains. The
opening was badly ¦ depressed, and commission
houses sold liberally. May • pork closed 20c
lower, lard 2>£c lower and ribs a shade lower
The leading futures ranged as follows: -
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close
> Wheat No. 2 —
January ...... .... ¦ .... ' . . . . veu
May -79% SO^i . 78% S0^
July .- 79% 80 70 80
Corn No. 2—
January 59% SO'/a 59V4- 5<)U
May 63 63% ¦ 62^ 63V?
July......... 63 63% 62% 63%
Oats No. 2-7- < .
May 44% -44% 43% - 44%
July 30% 30% 39 39%
September.. 33 33'£ 33 33%
Mess Pork, per barrel — •
January-.... 16 57% 16 67% 16 47U 16 50
May :;16 82% 16 97% . 16 80 16 87%
July... 16 70 16 87% 16 65-16 722
Lard, per. 100 pounds. — • • . •
January .... 9 40 9 42# •'» 37V5 9 42U
Ma.y 962% 70 9 60 ' 9 65
July .... '9 67% .9 72 9 65 9 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 .pounds —
January 8 22% 8 35 8 32% 8 35
May ........ 8 55 8 60 8 55 8 60
CHICAGO, Jan. 16.^-The grain pits were
margin mad to-day. Ever since the raid on
Phillips last Monday brokers have been de
manding margins to the limit for fear they
might be caught in other failures. Rumors
that several firms were in dire straits were
circulated late yesterday on the curb, some
say with a view to depressing prices. Bears
used the rumors to-day as cudgels to beat
down the weakening and succeeded in raiding
prices. Bulls, however, Jumped at the oppor
tunity to buy in at the low prices. The opening
In wheat was badly depressed on yesterday's
curb weakness and lower cables. May opened
excited, %c to %c lower at 80c to 79%c. Heavy
liquidation was occasioned by a general call
for Increased margins. More stuff was thrown
out than could be readily absorbed and the pit
early ruled very weak. But as no failures
were reported at the opening a better feeling
began to spriner up and on liberal buying prices
advanced to 80%c again. Just before Clear
ing-house rumors were rife again that several
houses would not be able to settle and selling
orders came from the country ¦ with a rush.
Bears pounded hard and the result of the com
mission-house raid was a drop to 78%c. -The
outside markets were also depressed, confidence
for the time seemed lost and Liverpool declined
steadily. Everything indicated' a further .de
moralized condition of the pit when buying at
these low prices set In on' all sides. May
gradually rallied to last night's closing price.
Confidence was restored when the Clearing
house reported no failures. May closed steady
at 80%c. ...
Corn was demoralized under the continued
liquidation of outside longs. After a ' jagged
opening %c to l%c lower at 63Vic to (J2%c.
nearly every house continued ' to make heavy
calls' for margins. On the break active cover
ing by shorts and some long buying influenced
a fair rally, May selling 'to its top price of
63%®63%c. When wheat broke a second time
corn s^gged badly to' 62% c. but later rallied
and closed weak. May %c lower at 63 %c ¦
«Oats shared in the panicky feeling in corn
and wheat, but trade waa not , heavy. May
closed fairly steady,. He lower at 44%c.
NE/W YORK, ' Jan. 16. — The cotton market
opened steady.' 2® 1\ points higher, and closed
very steady, with, p'rices net unchanged to 2
points higher..
New York Cotton Market.
There is nothing • new in ' any description.
Bran, .- Middlings and Hay are all quoted
firm and unchanged.
v BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ton.
i MIDDLINGS — S2O021 50 per ton. - '
i FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $18®18 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Job
bing, $28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21;,Corn
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family .Extras. $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers': Extras, ?3 40(33 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for. family and $3®
3 25. for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', S3®
i 25. ¦ ¦ ¦ • ??.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to- the trade: .Graham
Flour,- $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Ryo
Meal, $2 50 ; Rice Flour, $7 ; Corn Meal. . $3 25 ;
extra cream do, $4; ; Oat Groats, $5; .Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat , Flour,^, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
In sacks. $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
$0; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
. i CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning. Session— May — 2000 ctls,
83%c. - , ,
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Have not -changed much for some
days. Holders continue firm, though the de
mand Is slack at the moment.
Grays. $1 20@l 27%; whites, $1 20@l 40;
Surprise, $1 40@l 42%; black, $1 10@l 20 for
feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed; red, $1 25@1 35
per ctl for feed and $1 32%<@>1 40 for seed. c
CORN — Chicago is going down and San
Francisco is going up, all quotations being, ad
vanced in the local, market. The demand,
however, is light.
Large yellow, $1 45 bid; small round do,
$1 50O1 55; white. $1 J>5@1 45 per cental.
RYE — S5@87%c per ctl.
BUCK-WHEAT — Quoted at ?1 65 per Ctl.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May — 14,000
ctls, $1 09; 2000,$l 0S%.
Second Session — May — 8000 ctls. $1 09U; 12,
000, $l 00%.
Regular Morning Session— May — 2000 ctls,
$109%; 8000, $110%; 4000, $1 10V4 ; 38,000,
Afternoon Session — May — 10,000 ctls, $1 09% :
10,000. $1 09%. • ;
BARLET — The market continues quiet at
stationary prices. .: <" ¦ .
Feed, 83%@S6c for choice bright, 81%@82%c
for No. 1 and 80c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 87Vi@90c; Chevalier, S5c@$l
per ctl. . ¦ ¦ » •"
CALL BOARD. BALES.
' WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris futures were
lower again.
Chicago continued bearish and declined from
iBOUc to 78%c, subsequently recovering to
80^c. Winter Wheat broke, the weakness be
ing caused by continued liquidation and bear
raiding. The market, however, looked over
sold and a reaction 'was expected. Later on
the feeling became firmer, as a good many
early sellers began to replace their lines. New
York was a free buyer, supposedly for Wall
street account. The market was 10c under
Liverpool, as aglnst.6c before the break..
¦ Wires from Chicago to Bolton, De Ruyter
& Co. said: "The , country is still holding
firmly. There are rumors of Insolvencies, but
they are false, every house responding prompt
ly to Its margin calls. The Cincinnati Price
Current says that the weather Is unfavorable
for the growing crop, there being unbroken
clear skies all over the winter wheat belt.
Chicago Is very bearish. New York is very
nervous. There are moderate export orders
at New York, with 125 loads reported taken,
most of It being Manitoba wheat. St. Louis
reported that the Southwest and Texas were
after red winter, 250,000 bushels being? worked
for this account on Wednesday. The Argen
tine reported the corn crop unfavorable, being
seriously damaged by drought." :
This market showed no change worthy of
note. • • ' --.¦
Spot Wheat — Shipping:, $1 08%; milling, $1 10
@1.12%.per ctl. . , . .
Wheat and Other Grains.
All descriptions remain as before quoted.
Everything is in first rate condition except
Raisins, which are in a bad muddle on ac
count of the struggle between the different
bodies interested in their sale. Until some
harmony is restored and an agreement reached
the market will probably remain in a condition
of chaos.
FRUITS — Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals and S
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks- Evap
orated Apples, 7vi@8%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c-
Peaches, 0@7ftc; Pears, 4%@{$%c; Plums'
pitted, 4@5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines 6®
6%c for red and 6%@6%c for white; Figs 4o
for black and C0@75c per box for white. •
. PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows
30-40' 8, 6@6%c; 40-50' s, 4?i@5}4c; 50-60' 9 4W
®4%c; 00-70's, 39i@4Uc; 70-80's, 3%©3%c;
SO-'JO' s, 2%@3%c; DO-100-s, 2%@2%c per lb
RAISIN S^(Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3: Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75- 4I
crown, $1 60: London Layers — Three-crown
$1 35; two-crown. $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 5Uc* three
crown, 5Vic; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 6c: Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c. Bleached Sultanas — Fancy
8%c; choice. 7%c; standard. 6V$c; prime. 5«c :
unbleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
—Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, »c*
standard, 7%c; prime,' 6%c. Fancy seeded 7c'
choice seeded, 6%c; do, in bulk, fancy, ti&c'
choice, 6%c per lb. *' 7 * c#
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c: Walnuts. No 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2. 8@8%c: No. 1 hardshell
9c; No. 2. 7c: Almonds, 10%@12e for paper
shell, 9@10c for aoftshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, Il@l3c!
Cocoanuts. $3 50@5. " ' •
HONET — Comb. 12@13c for. bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark 4c '
, BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. /
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — S4 84?i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S79*
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight.... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — .12%
Silver, per ounce — h5%
Mexican Dollars 44% @ 45
Exchange and Bullion.
SUGAR.
Hana — 4 Kllauea .... — 11%
Hawaiian ... 34 40 Makawell ... 26% 27
Honokaa ... 10% 11% Onomea .... 23% —
Hutchinson . 14Vi 14% Paauhau . . . 10%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alask Pack. 165 170 Pac A F A. 2% '
Cal Fruit As 94 97 Pac C Bor..l65 —
Cal Wine As 96 100 Par Paint... 15 —
Oceanic S Co — 45
Morning Session.
? Board—
80 Giant Powder Con , 79 60
15 Giant Powder Con 79 25
6 Giant Powder Con 79 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 50
$2000 Market St Ry 1st con 5 per ct.121 75
$5000 N P C R. R 5 per cent bonds.. loa OO
$4000 Oakland Transit Co 5 per cent.. 110 00
$11,000 S P of C 6 per ct (1005. Ser A).1O8 37 U
Street— - 7 *
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per ct.108 75
$5000 Market St R'R con 5 per cent.. 121 75
Afternoon Session.
Board — .
5 Giant Powder Con "... 79 25
20 Giant Powder Con 79 aq
50 Hutchinson S P Co.. -. 14 •>-;,,
10 Makawell 26 75
5 Oceanic S S Co 40 BO
100 Onomea Sugar Co 23 50
?5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bo0.d3.n9 50
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — .
7 Hanford •• un ni
300 Home .3 70
22 Peerless 2 iJJ
1500 Petroleum Center J5
Street— ¦ **»
,20O Oil City Petroleum ~
100 Occidental of W. Va '* ;A
600 Home **-•** 3 - 0
-•• /. Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Kern -,- « -tll
500 Petroleum Center ... ••« «i*9
200 Superior ....:...:.' :KI;I;I;>;** 06
• Afternoon Session.
Street— ¦ -
3000 Cala-Standard •>«
, ______^^^^^^ .........
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San nvan
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. -
400 Belcher 10 100 Hale & Norc 41
500 Challenge 13 . 20O Hale &. Nore 4-
200 Chollar 11 300 Mexican -t
150 Con Cal & V.I 50 100 Mex can """' -k
50 Con Cal & V.I 55 200 Ophir £
100 Confidence ... 60 400 Overman 11
500 Crown Point.. 08 2700 Potos? - U
20O Gould & Cur. (W TOO Savage " ' iV*
Sffl^JK?? loou^ c vn-:: ?*
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. , Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. 111% 112 |4s qr c (new) 139 —
4s quar reg.lll«£ll2Vi 3s qr coup. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — — Oceanic 5s... 101 101%
Bay CPC 5s.l08%109V; Ombus C 6s.l30% —
Cal-st 5s ...116ft — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6a.. 105 106%
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 63.119% —
Geary-st 5a.lUHillO?i Sac EGR 6s. 95% — .
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s.l21?i —
Do 5s 99 99% Sierra Cal 6s — — .
L Ang R 6s.ll9%119% S P of Ar 6a
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) 111 „
Dq gtd 6s. — — (1910) 112^113"
Do gtd 5s.lO3tilM% S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s.lOO — (1905)Sr A.108U —
Do lem 5s.l01 103 (1905)Sr B.108T4109%
Mkt-st C 69.125U126 (1906> 111 —
Do lem 5s. 121% 122 (1012) .... 121
N, R Cal 6s.lO9% — B P Cal 1st
- Do 5s 121% — c gntd 5s.H0 —
N Pac C 5s.l06%107 S P BrCal6s.l36% —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S V Wat 6s.ll2 _
.Oak Gas fis.lKlVa — Do 4s 102%103*i
Oak Trns 69.121^122 Do 4s 3dm.l01%102
Do 1st c5s. — 110% Stkn Gas 6s.lO2%
Oak W 8 5s. — 102«4
.WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73 76 |Port Costa.. 63*4 66
Marin Co ... 59 — ISpring Val.. 85' 83ii
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L. & P. 2% 2% Pac Light... — 62%
Eqt G L Co. 314 4 Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — 5 SFG&E. . 40% 41
O G L & H. 51% 52 San Fran.... B«
Pac Gas Imp 33 40 Stktn G & E 8
INSURANCE.
Flrem'i Fnd.245 275 /
FANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..80 82 L P & A....165%167%
California ..416 Mer Ex (llq) 13%
Cal Safe Dp.ll2«. — , S F Natlonl.1372
First Natnl..325 350 1 **
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 2000 |Sav & Loan. 90
Humboldt .. — ; — 1 Security Sav305 350
Mutual Sav. 66 — I Union Trust. 2475
S F Sav U. .512*4 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..152% — Market ..... 91 _
Geary — 60 Presidio .... 37% —
POWDER.
Plant :. 79U 80% lATlgorlt — 4%
THURSDAY, Jan. 16.— 2:S0 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
PEARS— Winter kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 50
for standards, $1 60@2 for choice and $2 25@2 75
for fancy; Seedlings, 50c@$l; Tangerines
$l<g2; Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l; Lemons'
50c@$l for common and $1@2 for good to choice
and $2 25@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, Sl@2;
Mexican Limes, $5@5 50: Bananas, $1 75©
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and $1@1 75
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75c
@$r 25 for sood to choice and 25®60c for or
dinary.
Four cars of Navel Oranges are announced
for the auction to-day. Two cars came In for
the outside market. The market is lower and
weak, as the large- sizes are not as scarce as
they have been. Shipments on the sound steam
er were small.
Apples and Pears are unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LONDON. Jan. 16.— Consols, 95 7-16; sliver,
25%d;. French rentes, lOOf 40c; cargoes on pas
sage, easier and neglected; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 30s 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 20s 4%d; English country markets,
quiet. v .
..- LIVERPOOL, Jan. 16.'— "Wheat, quiet; wheat
In Paris, dull; flour in ?Paris, dull; French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
cold. " _
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d.
Foreign Markets.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Friday; possibly showers; fresh south
erly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday; light Enow in the
mountains: brisk westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinliy — Fair Friday in
the morning; cloudy and unsettled at night;
fresh northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official. •
Rain has fallen over Oregon and Northern
California with snow in Idaho. There has
been no rain as yet in Southern California, but
conditions are 'becoming more favorable for
rain In that section.
The temperature has risen about 10 degrees
in the Sacramento Valley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. January 17. 1902:
Northern California — Fair Friday; fresh
northwest wind.
The pressure has fallen 4-10 of an inch dur
ing the past twenty-four hours over Utah, and
thus the area of high pressure over the inter
mountain region Is temporarily broken. There
has beon a moderate rise along the coast from
Cape Mendoclno northward.
FORECAST.
EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market for
evaporated apples is steady on a small job
bing trade and prices are unchanged for all
grades. State, common to good, 7@S?ic;
prime. 9}&@9%c; choice, 9^@10c; fancy, 10&
@llc.
California dried fruits were quiet and firm,
but without special feature, and show no quot
able change for the moment.
' PRUNES— K%@7c.
¦ APKICOTS— Royal, 10®14c; Moorpark, 9#
@13c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled. 7&@
12%c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1S.771 barrels; exoorts, 15,530 barrels... Dull
and irregular at decline. Winter patents, $3 75
@4; winter straights, $3 60@3 70; Minnesota
patents, $3 £5@4 15; winter extras. $2 90@3 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 104.530 bushels. Spot,
steady; No. 2 red, 87%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 2
red, 90%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
86%c f. o. b. afloat; No. -1 hard Duluth. 92%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options had an unsettled open
ing at lower prices and were irregular all day
over a cent range, reflecting uneasiness about
the Chicaco situation. General tendency was
downward, with liquidation again a feature,
supplemented by lower cables and frequent
bear attacks. Wall street bought on the de
cline and an export demand caused a late re
covery. Closed firm and !»c net lower. March,
85%<gS5%c, closed 85%c; May, 84 7-16®
83 5-lGc. closed SoJic; July, 84%@84%c, closed
83c. . . .{ ,
HOPS— Steady. ' ' ,
J HIDES— Firm.
WOOL -AND PETROLEUM— Dull.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. weak; No. 7 invoice,
6',ic; mild, easy; Cordova, 7W@Hc. Futures
closed 10015 points net lower and the final
undertone was steady. Total sales, 73,750
bags, including: February, 6.05c; March, 6.15
@6.20c; April 6.25c; May, 6.35c; June, 6.40®
6.45c; July, 6.50c; September, 6.55@6.70c; . Oc
tober, 6.75c: December, 6.85@6.90c.
SUGAR — Raw, easy; fair refining, 2%c; cen
trifugal. 90 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, quiet.
It is reported that the Home Oil Co. has
contracted to supply oil to a gas company and
that other similar contracts are being nego
tiated, which will insure a liberal revenue for
some time.
Local stocks and bonds were quiet again on
the morning session. Giant Powder sold still
lower at $79 50@79. There was a sale of $3000
In North Pacific Railroad 5s at $106. The oil
stocks were featurelesss.
There was nothing new In the afternoon.
The California Powder Works Company will
pay a dividend of $1 per share on the 20th.
The California Fruit Canners dividend of 60c
per share will be due on .the 20th.
The Spring Valley Water Company's divi
dend of 42c per share will be due on the 20th.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 16.— Wheat, %c lower; blue
stem, 63%c; club, 63%c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 16.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, steady, 63y.c; blue stem, 6Mc; valley,
63^c.
The total exports of wheat (flour Included)
from this port for the week ending to-day were
636,327 bushels.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. 16.— Clearings, $601,961;
balances, $141,372.
EGGS— Ranch, 25c for selected large and
23@24c for good to choice; store, 22U@23c per
dozen; cold storage. Eastern, 18@19c
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, 10@10Wc-
Young America. 12%@13c; Eastern. 13@15c
per lb. .«¦">-
Receipts were 18,100 pounds of Butter
pounds of Eastern Butter, 767 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 1800 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c per lb for
fancy. 24c for firsts and 22@23c for seconds
dairy, 17^@22c; store Butter, 14@17c per lb :
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll; 18@19c- Keg'
lti@18c per lb.
Stocks of Eggs are now showing serious ac
cumulation, and are tod large for the demand
Prices are accordingly weak, and the downward
tendency is becoming pronounced. The ex
change reduced its Quotations lc" all around,
quoting gathered at 21@22c and ranch at 23®
24c. Buyers are holding off, as usual on a
falling market, and business is dull.
<-] 'Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The firmness in Butter continues, and stocks
are light. At the same time orders for both
north and south hav.e been countermanded dur
ing the past two days, and this . may cause
weakness later on.
Cheese, though no lower, continues weak un
der large supplies.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $170,953,960; gold, $102,
569,5S9.
$3200
Preston & McKlnnon (corporation) to James
B. and Catherine McSheehy, lot on NE corner
of Twenty-fifth and Alabama streets, E 50 by
N 78; $2000. I**
Union Loan Association to George A. Dillen
burg. lot on 8 line of Twenty-sixth street, 12.1
E of Florida (Columbia), E 25 by S 103; $1740.
Julia and J. J. Rauer to Joseph and Fannie
McDevltt. lot on W line of Dolores street, 133
S of. Twenty-ninth. S 25 by W 114; $10.
Delia Kelly (widow) to Mrs. Mary T. Me
lendy lot on E line of Churcn street, 26:8 N
of Twenty-eighth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Domlneco Glanottl to Mary A. Glanottl
(wife), lot on N line of Alta street. 113:6 W
of Montgomery. W 24 by N 63; gift.
Frederick -Hellwlg to Charles A. and Her
bert F. Hellwig, lot on NE corner of Grant
avenue and Morton street, N 20 by E 60; gift.
Ellen A. Rlgby (wife of William) to Henry
E» Bothln, lot on SW corner of Filbert and
Mason streets. W 41 by S 49; $10.
Joseph Sparrow (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on S corner of Clementina and Ecker (Rod
ney) streets. SW 80 by SE 75; $10,066.
Christopher O'Connor (by same commis
sioner) to same, lot on SE line of Stevenson
street. 100 SW of Fifth. SW 25 by SB 75; $8707.
George D. Gilmour to Sarah Gllmour (wife),
lot on SW line of Harriet street. 225 SE of
Harrison SE 50 by SW 75; also lot on NE lint
of Harriet street. 173 NW of Bryant, KTV 35
by NE 75; gift.
Samuel J.. James M. and William J. Eva.
Thomaslne V. Eva Flelssner and Eliza M. Eva
Beretta to Relnhardt and Gertrude Kolby. lot
on W line of Mississippi street, 100 S of
Twentieth (Napa). thence 100. NE 109. N 43:5;
$750.
William H. and Gcorgina Buckler to Ger
trude E. Dunn, lot on W lino of Fifth avenue.
175 N of Lake street, N 23, W 114:3%. SE
25.46, E 115:8%: $10.
Albert Meyer to Kate Fltzstmmona, lot on
W line of Eighteenth avenue. 150 S of H
street. B 25 by W 120; $10.
Karl and Sophie Hlnderer to ISznma. Har
rington, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 225 3
of H street, 8 25 by E 120; $10.
Catherine Bernard (McGrayan) and Joseph
Bernard to Jamea L. Barker, re-record 1865 D.
241. lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 300 N
of K street. W 120 by S BO; $10.
Mary A. Smith to Bernard Smith (husband),
lots 1 to 3. block 2, De Boom Tract; also prop
erty outside of county: gift.
Anna Mantke (wife) to Adolph Mantke, lot
on S line of Farallones street, 223 W of Plym
outh. W 5O by S 125. lot 3. block J. Railroad
Homestead; $500.
The Cuneo & Costa Company (corporation)
to Alfred and Tilda Anderson, lot on 3 line
of Costa street. 50 E of Brewster. E 23 by 3
70. lot 1734. gift map 3: $10.
Isidor and Rachel Schwartz to Delia Nldlnjr.
lot on the S line of Eddy street. 27:0 W of
Franklin. W 27:6 by 8 120; $10.
James and Annie Schwartz to Henri Hugues,
lot on the 8W corner of Eddy and Franklin
streets. W 27:6 by S 120: $10.
William J. and Mary E. Clark to Mary H.
Wlsslng. lot on the north line of Fulton, street,
220 W of Gough, W 27:6 by N 120; $10.
Willard B. and Emma A. Harrington to
Herman Genss, lot on the N line of Clay,
171:10 W of Buchanan. W 87:10 by N 127:8V4:
Henry G. and Ida G. Dodds to John Lack
mann, lot on the SE corner of Herman and
Steiner streets, 8 60 by E 00; $10.
Anna and Michael J. Kelly to William. Dan
lei and Minnie Asher, lot on the E line of
Scott street, 87:8 N of Ellis. N 23 by E 93; $10.
John Curry to Angelina. G. Gilliland (wlf»
of W. M.). lot on the W line of Pierce street.
87:6 S of Page. 8 25 by W 108:3; gift.
Herbert E. and Grace W. Law to Charles O.
Stuhr. lot on the N line of Lombard street.
101:3 W of Devisadero. W 75 by N 137:6: $10.
Henry C. and Melissa Winter to the B\
Thomas Parisian Dyeing and Cleaning Works
(corporation), lot on the SE line of Stevenson
street. 130 NE of Tenth, NE 25 by SE 63- $10
Bridget Flood (widow) to Mrs. Jane- Rodg
ers. lot on the SW line of Tenth street 125
NW of Folsom. NW 25, SW 101:11. SE 23
NE 101:11%; $10. *
City and County of San Francisco to David
Newell, lot on the E lino of Pearl street 423
N of Ridley, N 27x E 80; . »"w. *~*
Mary E. Flanagan, administratrix, etc. (by
B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to Hlbemla Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on th© SW corner of
Guerrero and Duncan streets. S 114 W no
N 6:4. W 5:8ii, N 108:8, E 116:4%; $10,200
Charles F. A. Talbot (trustee estate of An
dre ' t ?J- p °Pe) to George A. Pope (trustee), lot
on W line Montgomery street. 59 S of Cali
fornia. S 65. W 134.: 6. N 58. E 74:6. N 6. H
60; also lot on W line Powell street 48 S of
Ellis. S 48 by W 75: also lot on SW line Second
street, 23 NW of Jessie. NW 23 by SW 57:6;
also lot on SE corner of Montgomery and Com
mercial streets. S 59:6 by E 70:8%; $10.
Estate Andrew J. Pope (by George A Popa
trustee) to Union Trust Company of San Fran
clsco. same (four pieces); $10.
G. B. Fopiano to Rosa Fopiano, lot on E line
Stockton street. 55 N of Filbert. N 27:6 by E
95:6; gift.
William H. and Georglna G. Buckler to E.
R. Llllenthal. lot on J* corner Beale and Mis
sion streets, NE 91:8 bv NW 137:6; $10.
Hartland and Ada Law to Christian Froelleh
lot on SE line Natoma street, 363 NE of
Fourth. NE 30 by SE 80: $10. ?
Christine N. and P. M. Hagman. Elizabeth
A and Albert W. Derbyshire to Matilda F*reed
(wife of S Freed), lot on NW line Silver street.
525 SW of Third. SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
John Curry to Charles H. Curry, lot on SW
line Fourth street. 30 SE of Bryant, SE 30 by
SW SO; also lot on SE line Bryant street. 80
SW of Fourth. SW 20 by SE 85: gift.
City and County of San Francisco to San
itary Reduction Works, Jot excepting SW \1
of said block 1U0 on De Haro by 200 on Rhode
Island; — .
James Christy to Elizabeth Christy, lot nn -
SE corner Solano and Mississippi stre«t3, S 25
SE 51. NE 40. W 65:10; also lot commencing
150 S of Mariixisa street and 100 E of MissU
sippj. S 25. E 70:fi. NE 26:10^. W S0:7- also
lot on SE corner Marlposa and Mississippi
streets. S 1C0. El 00. N 23. E 100, N 75 W
2C0; also lot on W line Mississippi street ' luO
N of Solano. N 50, W 100. S 50, E 100- 'also
lot - on NE corner Texas and Solano street"*
N 125 by E 10O; Kift. «reets.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
ritt and W. R. H. A damson, executors) to Jo
seph Maraden. lot on SW corner of Lake stre°t
and First avenue. S J4:7% by W 85; $1550
Samuel W. and Margaret P. Cowles to \" p
Hotaling & Co. (corporation), lot on NE corner
of Eighth avenue and D street. N ¥>2-7X ¦ v
65. S 115:11V;,. W 65:4 1-16; $10. •"
Soloit.on and Dora Get z to Timothy B Cron'n
lot on W line of Eighth avenue. 100 S of II
street. S 25 by W 12W; $10. ° l "
Rudolf Jordan to Carolina H. ?.t. Read (wife
of H. L.). lot on E line of Twelfth avenue IM
S of J street. S 23 bv E 1^: gift.
Sam* to Augusta L. V. Hanks (wife of A
A.). lot en E line of Twelfth avenue. 275 S of
J street. S 25 by E 120; gift. * .
Same to Rudolf Jordan Jr.. lot on E lm«
of Twelfth avenue, 250 S of J street, gfiki
£ 120; jlft. "*
Walter F. Foster to Laura C. Foster (wife)
and Maude H. Kleiaer (wife of George W.),
lot on E line of Mission street. 185 N of Eight
eenth. N 50 by E 243; $10.
Samuel M. and William H. Crlm Jr. (by
George S. Crlm. trustee) to Archie and Mary
C Merrill, lot on W line of Florida (Columbia)
street. 178:6 S of Twenty-third. S 23:6. W 100;
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 40-26|Omaha 4S-22
Cincinnati 48-22 Duluth 30-04
Philadelphia 34-28 Chicago 38-21
New York 40-30 Salt Lake City. .40-28
Kansas City 48-28 St. Louis 46-30
Jacksonville 64-42 Washington 48-30
The following are tha seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date Iact
eeason and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
EureKa 0.28 15. 62 30.13
Red Bluff 0.10 10.45 13.97
fiacramento 0.01 6.34 10.36
Ran Francisco ... Trace 5.94 11.60
Fresno Trace 3.25 .7.02
Independence 0.00 1.38 6.00
San Luis Obispo. 0.00 4.56 20.54
Los Angeles 0.00 2.46 7.80
San Diego 0.00 077 2.45
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
54; minimum. 47; mean, 50.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16— 5 p. m
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16. — Money on call was
steady at 3%@4% per cent; closed offered at
4 per cent: prime mercantile' paper, 4%@5%
per cent Sterling exchange was firmer with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87@
4 87% for demand and at $4 84%@"4 84% for
sixty days; posted rates, ¦ $4 85@4 SS; com
mercial bills, $4 83%@4 83%. Bar silver.
55%c. Mexican dollars, 44%c. Bonds — Gov
ernment, steady; States, inactive; railroads,
firm. ' , •
New York Money Market.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 16.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2100; market steady; mixed natives,
$3 35® 7; cows and heifers, $1 25@5 25; veals,
$3 50<gtS 25; stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 8200; market 10c lower:
light and light mixed, $5 85@6 25; medium and
heavy, $6 10@6 60; pigs, $3 85@5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1100; market steady to
weak.
ST. JOSEPH,
CHICAGO, " Jan. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts,
15,500; slow and weak to 10c lower; good to
prime, $5 65@6 35; poor to medium, $4@C;
stockers and feeders, $2 25@7 45; cows, $1 25(g>
4.75; heifers, $2 25@5; canners, ?1 25@2 25.
bulls. $2@4 50; calves, $2 50@6 50; Texas fed
steers, $3 25@6 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 32,000; to-morrow,
2S.000; left over. 5000; opened 10c lower 4 , closed
another 5@10c oft; mixed and butchers. $5 90®
6 45; good to choice heavy, $6 30@6 55; rough
heavy, $5 95@6 20; liKht, §5 50@5 95; bulk of
sales, $5 90@6 30.
SHEEP — Receipts, 21,000; sheep about
steady; lambs, steady to shade lower; good to
choice, $4 30® 5 15; fair to choice mixed,. $3 75
@4 30; Western sheep, fed. $4 25@5 70; native
lambs. $3 50@G; Western lambs, fed, $5 20@6.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market:
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys.- 14@18c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for* Gobblers and 14@15c for
S5?5 : «r Ge ?? e ', per . palr ' * x 60 @ 2 : Goslings,
$2©-» 25; T Ducks, $5@a for old and $6@7 for
young; . Hens. $4@5; young Roosters, $4 50@
5 50; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers , $4@4 50 for large and $3@4 for
I™--. : Kft P i Keon , 8 ' ?1 60 P er dozen f °r old a^
$2Q.2 50 for Squabs.
1 S^i^S 0^ per doze n. $1: Hare,' $125®
1 50; Rabbits. $i 50 for Cottontails and $1 for
Brush;- Mallard. $3@3 50; Canvasback, $304;
Sprig, $2@2 50; Teal, $1 50; Widgeon. *1 50
Small Ducks, $1 25; Black Jack, $1 50; Eng
lish Snipe,. $2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray
Geese, $3; White Geese, $1@1 50; Brant $2
per. dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50 '
Another car of Eastern came in, 'making
four thus far this week. Local! receipts are
light, but there is considerable Eastern still
on hand. Arrivals of dressed Turkeys were
heavier, but the market . was in better condi
tion, though poor thin stock went low.
Receipts of Game were 93 sks. The de
mand ' was better and prices for some kinds
advanced. -.. .
Poultry and Game.
US ref 2b regr...lO8% U & N Uni 4a.. 101
' Do coup 108% Mex Cent 4s... 82%
Do 3s reg .... 107? Do 1st in* 31%
" Do coup 1OS% Minn & St L 4s 103%
Do new 4s reg. 138% M K & T 4s... {«*
Do coup 139% Do2ds ." §3
Do old 4s res.. 111% N Y Cent l8t«...102%
£ O '«> U P "1% Do gen3%s....lO8
Do old 5s reg... 106% NJ Cent gen 5s 134
Do coup 107% Nor Pac 4s .... 104%
Atch gen 4s 103% Do 3s 74W
R- D t° a i jt r. 4 i ••",^ % £ or 4ffc «» 4S.102V4
Balto & O 4s 103 (Read Gen 4s 98
£° 3%s »5% s L, & I M con 5S.117U
Do conv 4s ...105% S L & S F 4s 100
CanadaSo 2ds...lO9% St L S W lsts" »q
Cent of Ga 5s.. .108 Do 2ds foV
Do 1st inc .... 76 S A & A P 4s"" 87W
C & O 4%s ....106%'so Pac 4s . 93&
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84 *.So Byfc. ""iuS
C B & Q new 4s. 96% (Tex & Pac lsts. lis%
Chi & N con 7S..139 U Pac 4s ...... 104%
C.R-I.A-P 4s...lO5% Do conv 4s 105%
C C C & S L g 4s. 104 Wabash lsts 118 i!
Chi Term 4s..... 87% Do 2ds 11414
Colo & so 4s. ... B2* 3 Do deb -B ' ! : .68%
2 . & R . G 4 '----- 1Oui West Sh ore <s ...112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 89% W-& L E 4s . 92
Do gen 4s 88V. Wis Cent 4s KS
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
Adams Con 20 Little tfiief ...".. io
Alice ¦ 45 Ontario ........ 8 ir
Breece 67 pphir 1 7S
Brunswick Con ... fin Phoenix .. /r.
Comstock Tunnel.. O« Potosi ' * '-" i«
Con Cal & Va 1 40 Savage .".'." fn
Dead wood Terra 60 Blerra Nevad'a".':; 18
Horn Silver 1 65 Small Hopes w
Iron Silver 60 Standard . ' " " '3 45
Leadville Con .... 03) nuar «---- 3 4o
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — '. Adventure is
Call loans ...... 4%@5 Allouez .. ""' o«'
Time loans' ....4 @5 Amalgamated"."! 69
Bonds— Baltic 33 u
N E Gas & Coke. 57 Blngham ."' t\V.
Railroads— - Calumet & Hecia:570
Atchison 76% Centennial ... 11
Do prefd .: 91 Copper Range "... 62-
Boston & Albany.262 Dominion Coal. 55%
Boston El .....'.165 Franklin .'11%
N Y N H A H.:211% Isle RoyaU ..20%
Fltchburg pfd . . 145 Mohawk . . 28
Union Pacific 101 loid- Dominion 22U,
Mexican Cent . . 20% lOeceola 7.7 ..7. .'.'. 7» ,
Shares sold ...365,600
CLOSING' BONDS
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 21,700 76% 75% 76%
Do pfd 4,500 97% »6 vi 97%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3,800 102% 101% 102%
Do pfd ' 96
Canadian Pacific... 1.000 114 113% 113%
Canada Southern.. 1.000 S6 S5% 85%
Chesapeake & Ohio. 2.400 45?£ 45% 45
Chicago & Alton .. 300 35 34% 34%
Do pfd 76%
Chi Ind & Louis.. 2.500 51% 4!)% 50%
Do pfd , 300 75% 75 75%
Chi & E Illinois .... 13i%
Chi & Great W 100 23 22% 22%
Do A pfd 84
Do B pfd 43%
Chi & Northwestrn 200 205% 205% 204
C R I & Pacific... 1,500 156 153% 155%
Chi Term & Trans. 500 17% 17% 17
Do pfd 200 32% 32% 32%
C C C & St Louis.. 200 95% 95% 96%
Colo Southern 500 14% 14% 14%
Do 1st pfd 600 60% 69% i 60
Do 2d pfd 200 28 28 28
Delaware & Hud.. 900 173% 172 173
Del Lack & West.. 1.100 257 255 256%
Denver & Rio'G... 42%
Do pfd 200 91% 91% 91
Erie 18,700 40% 39% 39%
Do 1st pfd 2,100 72% 71% 71%
Do 2d pfd 800 67% 57 '57
Grt Northern pfd.. 300 184% 184 184%
Hocking Valley ... 2,300 68% 67% <58%
Do pfd «00 82% 81% 82
Illinois Central ... 400 138% 138 138
Iowa Central 100 38% 3S% .'57%
Do pfd . i 71
Lake Erie & West. 300 66% 6« 65
Do pfd «00 125 125 125
Louisville & Jfash. 2.500 105% 104% 1O4'4
Manhattan L 23,800 137 134% 1.15
Metropolitan St Ry. 700 161% 160 160
Mexican Central... 400 27% 26% 26%
Mexican National.. 100 14% 14% 14%
Minn & St Louis 104
Missouri Pacific .. 10.200 101% 99*4 100%
MK&T... 100 25 25' 25
Do Pfd 100 51 51 51%
N J Central 200 183% 189% 189
N Y Central 12.800 163% 161% 163
Norfolk & West.. 1,100 56 55% 55 ;4
Do pfd »2
Ontario & Western. 1.900 34li 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 8,200 148% 148% 148%
Reading 24.700 55% 55 54%
Do 1st pfd 1.300 Sl% 81 8t%
Do 2d pfd 5.300 01% 61 61%
St Louis & S F... 29.900 64% 60% 63%
Do 1st pfd...... 1.000 87 88 8«
Do 2d pfd 6,600 70 74% 75%
St Louis & SW:.. 100 26% 26% 26%
Do pfd 2,900 60 59 59%
St Paul 17,700 162% 161% 162%
Do pfd 200 188 187 187%
Southern Pacific... 9,000 !»!»% 58% 59%
Southern Railway. 1,700 32% 32% 32%
Do pfd .2,900 93% 92% 93
Texas & Pacific... 300 38% 38 38
Tol St L & West.. 100 19% 10% 19
Do pfd 3414
Union Pacific 32.400 101% 100% 101 "
Union Pacific pfd.. 1,200 ¦ 88% 88% 88%
Wabash 700 22% 22% 22%
Wabash pfd 1,500 42% 41% 41%
Wheel & Lake Erie 1714
W & L E 2d pfd «>8
Wis Central 400 19% 19% 19%
Wls Central pfd... 100 40% 40% 40
Express Companies —
Adams 195
American 210
United States 100 103 103 102
Wells Farg-o ig5
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 7,500 69% 68% 69%
Am Car & Found.. 400 29% 28% 28%
Am Car & F pfd... S00 85% 85% 85%
Am Linseed OH.. ie
Am Linseed OH pfd 42%
Am Smelt & Ref . . 300 4614 45% 45%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 500 97 " 96% 96%
Anaconda Mng Co. 700 30% 30 30%
Brooklyn Rap Tr.. 4,400 64% 63% 63%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 900 80% 85% 8G%
Consolidated Gas... 600 215% 215 214«
Cont Tob pfd 100 113 115 114
General Electric 277
Glucose Sugar 1.300 46V4 45% 45%
Hocking Coal 500 14% 14% 14%
International Pap 1914
International P pfd 75
International Pow. 200 87 87 87
Laclede Gas • .... , . . . . 91 %
National Biscuit... 200 44% 44% 44
National- Lead 100 15% 15% 16
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd.. ' . ! ' f&
North American - * 00
Pacific Coaet ... " 72
Pacific Mall ...... 400 47 46% 46%
People's Gas 11,000 100% M% 99%
Pressed Steel Car. 200 40 40 40»i
Pressed Steel C pfd 20O 84% 84 83
Pullman Pal Car. . 200 221 ' 220 219
Republic Ste«l 2OO *6»i 1694 1RS4
Republic Steel pfd. 200 el 68 68%
Sugar 20,600 122% 120% 12^?i
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,700 63% 62% 6*>%
Union B & Pap Co. 100 13% 13% 1$™
Union B & P C pfd 200 72 72 72
U S Leather 900 11% 1154 hr4
U S Leather prd... 300 81% 81% 81%
$$S® ,. 100 SS u * ffl
uii^i-pfd::::::^ S* S* $
Western Union . 200 OU* 90% 91U
Am Locomotive ... 2,600 31% 31 31%
Am Loco pfd 1,500 92 91% 01%
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
stocks, notably in the St. Louis Southwestern,
the St. Louis and San Francisco and the Texas
and Pacific stocks. Sugar also showed some
strength.
Bonds were moderately active and firm. To
tal sales, par value, $3,400,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the' last call.
Retail prices are a shade lower, as the sup
fly is more plentiful and the market is quiet.
The San Francisco Retail Butchers' Protect
ive Association gives the following retail prices
for meats:
BEEF — Roast, 10@lSc per lb: Tenderloin
Fteak, 15@l"iic: Porterhouse Steak, 17%@1I0c;
Round Steak, 10@12'ic; Stew Beef, 8@10c;
Corred Beef, SSJIOc.
VEAL — Roaet, 10@15c; Cutlets. 15@18c.
MUTTON — Roast, 10@12%c; Chops, 100
124c: Stew, Sc.
LAMB— Roast. 12%@15c; Chops, 12%@18c.
PORK— Roast. 12%@15c; Chops, 15c.
Retail Prices for Meats.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London J financial cablegram says :
The settlement, mainly in South African stocks,
was the heaviest to-day since the time of the
African boom in 1895. As a result the Stock
Exchange was too busy to transact fresh busi
ness till the afternoon, when the African boom
was renewed, being encouraged by a rumor that
the British had been controlling the Cape
cable for twenty-four hours in connection with
peace negotiations. The cable office contra
dicts the report and Dutch papers allege that
the Premier's visit is personal and not in. con
nection with peace negotiations. Nevertheless
consols spurted % to 94%. Rio Tintos Jumped
on an advance of %d In the metal market. The
copper fortnightly statement shows a decrease
in stocks of 288 tons and an increase in sup
plies of sixty-two tons. The American de
partment was thoroughly neglected.
London Market.
Copper was unchanged here, but quiet, with
lake quoted it $11 12%, electrolytic at $il and
casting at $10 75. The London copper market
closed £1 15s higher, with spot at £47 5s and
futures at £47 12s 6d.
Lead was unchanged here at 4c and at Lon
don was also unchanged at £10 7s 6d.^ .
Spelter . was quiet and unchanged here at
$4 85. London was 6s higher 'at £16 15s. >
The European iron markets were stlffer, with
Glasgow, closing at 49s 2d and Mlddlesboro at
44s. . The local market was quiet. Plglron
warrants were quoted at $11@12; No. 1 North
ern foundry, $15 50@16; No. 2 foundry. North
ern. $15@15 50; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $15 50
@16; No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft, $15@17.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.— The local market for
pig tin was steady with a moderate business.
The bid price remained at $23 .75, but the asked
price was reduced to $23 85. At London there
was a decline of 7s 6d. which closed the spot
m fn ke « there at £1 °* 10s and futures at
£101 5s. • . . .
Nezu York Metal Market.
THURSDAY. Jan. 16—4 p. m.
1 Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
AlDha ...I... — 02 Justice 05 00
Alia ....... 05 07 JCentuck 01 ic
Andes — 02 Lady Wash... 01 —
Belcher ..... 03 10 Mexican 32 33
pest & Belch 12 13 Occidental ... 10 11
bullion 02 0-^ Ophir 83 81
Caledonia 25 27 Overman .... 10 12
Challenge ... 12 13 Potosi 17 14
Chollar 10 11 Savage OS rvj
Confidence ... 58 61 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 45 1 50 Beg Belch .. . 03 jM
Con Imp .... 01 02 Sierra Nevada 21 22
CoSny::.. 01 - Silver Hill .. « is
Crown Point.. 08 00 St Louis ...._ 05 -
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard ....3 40 3 ; >0
Excnequer ... — 02 Syndicate ... 0« 0.
Gould & Cur. 08 00 Union Con .. 15 W
K & .. N .°. r . c : i 7 sf^jac^::: 8 £
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
1000 Best & Belch 13 200 Mexican S3
500 Chollar 10 200 Mexican 34
600 Chollar 11 200 Occidental ... 11
850 Con Cal A V.I 50 200 Occidental ... 10
400 Hale & Norc. 40 200 Overman .... 10
300 Hale & Norc 41 1100 Potoel VJ
300 Hale & Norc. 6S\ 300 Potosi id
Morning Session,
Following were the sales on- the Paclfls
Stock Exchange yesterday:
400 Alpha 01 200 Mexican 35
500 Challenge ... 12 300 Ophir S3
500 Chollar 10 100 Potosi IS
600 Chollar Ill 400 Savage OH
100 Con Cal & V.I 50 100 Sierra Nevada 21
400 Gould & Cur. OS 500 Silver Hill .. 47
500 Hale & Norc. 39 1
Afternoo:
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles, 2@5c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
12%@16c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $1@1 50 per box and $1 25®
2 per crate; Dried Peppers, 10®12%c per lb;
Los ¦ Angeles do. 16@18c: Dried Okra, 12 %@
15c per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per. sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 60c@$l 25 per dozen; Garlic, 1%@
2c; Los Angeles Green Peppers. 12%@25c; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, 15@20c; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $1@1 25; Marrowfat
Squash, $8@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $8®
10; Mushrooms, nominal.
POTATOES— 90c@$l 15 If or Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 65; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25@1 65; Oregon- Garnet
Chiles, $1 50@l 60; River Reds,. $1 60@l 60:
Early Rose, for seed, $1 25; Sweets, $1 10 for
Merced. ,
A ONIONS— $1 50@l 75 per ctl; Oregon*, $1 75
@2. Green Onions, 50@65c per box.
Southern vegetables are . very ' weak. Re
ceipts of Peas are heavy and there are large
offerings of Tomatoes and Summer Squash.
Receipts of Potatoes were 7392 sks. Includ
ing 66C0 Oregon. The market is very firm,
owing to the light supplies • of Rivers. A car
of .Onions came in from Oregon, and one car
of Sweets from Merced. The latter are lower,
as stocks are now plentiful. Onions are
quoted steady, and most of the arrivals from
Oregon are frosted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
_ Wheat— . March: May.
Opening 6 2% 6 2%
Closing 6 2% ' 6 2%
PARIS.
• "Wheat— jan. Mar. -June.
Opening ; 2 1 85 <¦• 22 85
Closing... 21 90 '22 85
Flour-
Opening ..... ... .......... . 27 SO 28 80 '
Closing; .. 27 70, ' '28 75
OREGON
¦WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 9,243
Flour, qr sks... 9.243 [Bran. >ks 3,640
Potatoes, sks ... 660 Middlings, sks .. 443
Onions, sks ..... 102!
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, JANUART 16.
Flour, qr sks... 77,253 Hops, bales .... 19
Wheat, ctls 62.83!) Hay. tons 499
Barley, ctls .... 5.030 Straw, tons .... 30
Beans, sks 2,534 Tallow, ctls 662
Corn, ctls 925 Sugar, ctls 1.000
Rye, ctls 400 Pelts, bdls 2.390
Potatoes, sks ... 752 Hides, No 1,649
Onions, sks 300 Wine, gals 94,200
Middlings, sks . . 2,380 Leather, rolls ... 87
Bran, sks ...... 995|Ltme. bbls 273
Broom Corn, bdls 20 Raisins, bxs .... 1,500
Wool, sks 4571
SALMON — Alaska pink and reds, choice lots,
hold firm. A few small sales of reds at 90c
have been reported, but 95c is the general ask
ing rate. From the North there is reported an
excellent export demand for the Orient.
and 65%c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refinin* Com*
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Flna Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered. 4.90c: Candy Granulated. 4.90c: Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners' A. 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
METALS— Pig Tin is lower at 25@26c, and
Copper Is also off at 14©16c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl OH, In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine, 25c: Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15c; In
cases, 21 %c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c; In cases,
20% c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; Is
cases. 26%c
TURPENTINE— 61%c per gallon In case*
GRAIN BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c.^ lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@?.5c: Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $S50; Wallsend. $8 50: Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$15; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In
bulk and $17 in sackstRocky Mountain de
scriptions. $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 SO per
ton. according to brand. „.««« v ft 1
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases, so. i,
70c; puie, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, tolled
72c; raw, 70c; cases. 5c more: Lucol. 62c for
boiled and 60c for raw. In barrels; Lard on.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c.
China Nut, 57%©68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels? 70c; cases, 75c: Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. barrels. 37%c; cases, 42%c: Cp
coanut Oil, barrels, C3%c for Ceylon and O8V3C
for Australian. - ¦ ...
General Merchandise.
Exchange as before. Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat futures unsettled. Barley quiet.
Corn advancing here and declining at Chicago.
No change in Oats and Rye.
Bran, Middlings and Hay as prrjiously quoted.
Nothing neiu in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes firmer, owing to scarcity of rivers. Onions steady.
Southern Vegetables weak and offering freely. ,.
Local Poultry in light supply, but Eastern plentiful. j £ if'
Game bringing more money.
Four cars of Oranges announced for to-day's auction. ;'
Orange market quoted lower and weak.
Raisin situation still muddled. Dried Fruits 'firm. •
Provisions neglected here and accumulating at Chicago.
Hogs off a fraction. Beef in better supply and weak.
Retail prices for all Meats lower.
Local stocks and bonds still inactive.
Pig Tin and Copper lower.
Consols for money 04 N Y Central ....167
Do for acct..-94 7-16 Nor & Western... 57 ft
Anaconda 6V4 Do pfd . 0*
Atchison ........ -^SU No Pac pfd 102
Do pfd. ex int. .100% Ontario & West.. 34%
Bait & Ohio 105 Pennsylvania 76
Canadian Pac ...117 Reading 28
Ches & Ohio 46% Do 1st pfd...'.. 41%
Chic Grt West.. 23V> Do 2d pfd... ...31%
Chic M & St P.. 166% Sou Railway .... -33*4
D & R G 43% Do p'd . ¦go-
Do pfd »3% Sou Pac 61%
Erie 41% Union Pacific 104
Do 1st pfd 74 Do pfd 91
Do 2d pfd 68 US Steel. 1 -44%
111 Central .......142 Do pfd 97%
Louis & Nash... .107% Wabash 22%
Mo Kas & Tex... 25% • Do pfd 43
Do pfd .54 Spanish 4s 77%
Bar silver, steady; 25%d per ounce.
Money. 2@2% per cenf. : '
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 3 Der cent. -
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months Is 3 1-16 per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Do prefd . . 92- |Trinlty 14%
N E Gas & C... 5- United States ... 13%
United Fruit 87% Utah 22%
U S Steel 42% Victoria .: . •*%
Do prefd 94% Wlnona 1
Mining— Wolverine ....... 44%
Miscellaneous Parrot 28%
Amer Sugar 122*4 Quincy :...l 30
Amer Tel & Tel. 150 Santa Fe Copper. 3
Dominion I & S.. 24% I Tamarack ...... .251
Mass Electric ... 33 Trimountaln 52 ;
< On the Produce - Exchange ; to-day the butter
market was steady;' creameries, "15@23%c; dai
ries. 14@20c. - Cheese, steady, . 10&@ll}ic.
Eggs, easy; fresh. 26c. . • .-, ; •- • ¦.-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue Inactive and featureless. Ev
erybody la still waiting for the expected ship
ping demand.
. BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 60; . Small White.
$3@3 25; Large White, $2 00@3 10; Pea, $3 50@
4; Pink, $2@2 20; Red, $2 50@3: Blackeye, $3 50
3 65; Limas, $4 40@4 65; Red Kidneys, $3 C0@
3 <5 Der ctl. ¦ ¦
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, §3 25® 3 CO; Flax, $2 40@2 75 ; Canary.
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah.
8%c; Rape, 1U@1% C ; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 65; Green,
$1 25@1 50 Der ctl.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LAMB— 9<39%c per lb. „_. lb Gc .
PORK— Live Hosts, from 150 to fl**™*'™;
under 150 lbs. 5%®5%c: sows. » 0 ™'
oft; boars. 30 per cent off. and stags. 40 per
cent off from the above quotations, dressed
Hogs. 7@8%c.
Hogs has been lopped off again. ".^Jto'
are too liberal to sustain It. Beef a° d pr M «"°°
are also In better supply, the . former espe-
Cl Ten cars of Hogs came In y^ 1^*, 7 ., ..J^s
were all taken for the fresh meat «*«•• "
packers are doing very little at the ™%™g*-
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: 1 «£»?*. M r in
BEEF-7@7«o for Steers and 6@7c per id
f °VEAl^-Large. 7®8c; small. 8®|%c »**.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@S%c; Ewes. 7%«s«
per lb. • .
Northwestern, $1 67VS : prime timothy seed.
$6 55; mess pork, per bbl $10 55@16 60; lard,
per 100 lbs, $9 40@9 42V.; short ribs Fides
(loose), $8 o0@S 45; ' dry salted shoulders
(boxed). ,7tt@7V4c; B i iort clear sides (boxed).
$3 75@8 85; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 32;
clover, contract grade, $&- 70@9 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels . 17,000 22,000
Wheat, bushels .'41,000-- 51.000
Corn, bushels 98.000 ISO. 000
Oata, bushels ...182,000 195.000
Rye; bushels ..... H.OOO . 2,000
Barley, bushels . ... 44,000 ' 35.000
Meal. $31@31 50: Cracked Corn, $31 50@32:
Mixed Feed, $16 50@17 50.
HAY — Wheat. $0@12; fancy. $12 50013;
Wheat and Oat, $9@12 50; Oat. *8-50@ll 50;
Barley and Oat. $8@10; Alfalfa, $8@10: Clover,
$6 60@7 50; Volunteer, $6®8 50; Stock. $6®
7 50 Der ton.
STRAW— 30@47#c per bale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
San Francisco Meat '- Market
The &C recently added to the 'quotation for
8
o s a o
-3 ifaSa&f
STATIONS. 3 3 3 33 »~
• '¦ <= : E ?o
5 : 3 : 3 : 3
Astoria 30.22 46 S6 ICW
Baker 30.06 32 26 SE
Carson 30.04 48 30 Nff
Eureka 30.30 50 46 N
Fresno 30.20 56 36 NW
Ragrstaff 29.90 50 18 SW
Pocatello. Ida.29.96 36 16 N
Independence .29.S2 62 34 W
Ix* Angeles ..JO. 02 66 42 SW
Phoenix .20.SS 74 44 W
Portland 30. IS 42 SO W
Red BIuSC 30.20 54 42 SE
Roreburg 30.20 4S 32 SW
Sacra-nento . .30.20 5S 42 XE
Palt Wake 29.80 38 26 E
Ban Franeisco.30.24 54 46 W
S. L,. Oblspo 46
Ban Diego 30.02 62 52 NW
Seattle 30.12 46 34 SW
Spokane 30.10 30 24 SW
Neah Bay 38
Walla Walla. 30. 10 34 26 NW
"Winnemucca .29.94 44 14 S
1'uma 29.90 7S 44 TT
1 ™ I?
• *£ %
g» 1%
¦ 5a s
? ?
Rain .10
Cloudy .20
Cloudy T.
Pt Cldy .2S
Clear T.
Pt Cldy .00
Snow .02
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .02
Clear .10
Cloudy .03
Clear .01
Cloudy .00
Clear T.
00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .01
Cloudy T.
O0
Cloudy .00
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
o s a o
-3 ifaSa&f
STATIONS. 3 3 3 33 »~
• '¦ <= : E ?o
5 : 3 : 3 : 3
Astoria 30.22 46 S6 ICW
Baker 30.06 32 26 SE
Carson 30.04 48 30 Nff
Eureka 30.30 50 46 N
Fresno 30.20 56 36 NW
Ragrstaff 29.90 50 18 SW
Pocatello. Ida.29.96 36 16 N
Independence .29.S2 62 34 W
Ix* Angeles ..JO. 02 66 42 SW
Phoenix .20.SS 74 44 W
Portland 30. IS 42 SO W
Red BIuSC 30.20 54 42 SE
Roreburg 30.20 4S 32 SW
Sacra-nento . .30.20 5S 42 XE
Palt Wake 29.80 38 26 E
Ban Franeisco.30.24 54 46 W
S. L,. Oblspo 46
Ban Diego 30.02 62 52 NW
Seattle 30.12 46 34 SW
Spokane 30.10 30 24 SW
Neah Bay 38
Walla Walla. 30. 10 34 26 NW
"Winnemucca .29.94 44 14 S
1'uma 29.90 7S 44 TT
1 ™ I?
• *£ %
g» 1%
¦ 5a s
? ?
Rain .10
Cloudy .20
Cloudy T.
Pt Cldy .2S
Clear T.
Pt Cldy .00
Snow .02
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .02
Clear .10
Cloudy .03
Clear .01
Cloudy .00
Clear T.
00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .01
Cloudy T.
O0
Cloudy .00
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
Jfe* £s> fc*
LASr GREAT SALE OF THE SEASON.
THOROUGHBRED
RACE HORSES *
CONSIGNED BT
PAP1NTA STOCK FARM. HOBART STOCK
FARM. PALO ALTO STOCK FARM. ETC.
These are sired by Imp. Candlemas, El Rayo.
Nomad. Flambeau, Bright Phoebus, Joe Rip-
ley. Imp. Trentola and Fonso, out of such
famous mares as Haidee Eda II. Imp. Amalla.
Ursula, La Belle II Lovelight. Francesca II.
Minnie Elklns. Mlsa Jessie. Ban Brook. Trade
Lots. Bonalr and Nereid.
SALE WILL TAKE PLACE AT
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 Howard Street, near Third, S. F..
Friday Evening, January 17, 1902.
. .-. ; : Commencing at 7:45 o'clock.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
CATALOGUES READT.
Horses at Yard Wednesday, Jan. 15.A Native Daughter Dies.
Robert Fitzgerald, a deputy County
Clerk under William Deane, who was dis
missed by Mahony, reappointed and then
dismissed a second time, was appointed
again yesterday and assigned to i Judge
Hebbard's court, the place he held under
Deane. His appointment is the cause of
a great deal of uneasiness in the County
Clerk's office, as some of , the new ap
pointees must be dismissed to make room
for him.
Fitzgerald Is Appointed.
VIENNA, Jan. 16.— More than one hun
dred persons were injured, many of them
severely, by a great windstorm which
swept over Vienna to-day. Houses were
unroofed, chimneys were blown down and
the streets were so filled with debris as
to seriously impede traffic People were
blown down while on the street, and a
number of horses were killed. A freight
train was blown off the tracks and pas
tenger traffic has been tied up.
Injured and Many Souses
TJnroofed.
Mere Than One Hundred Persons Are
The Arab Steed was a composite vessel
of C2G tons net. She hailed from Hvalves,
Norway, and was owned by Captain Pe
ders?n and others.
TERRIFIC WINDSTORM
SWEEPS OVER VIENNA
North Sea.
L9XDOX. Jan. 17.— The Copenhagen
correspondent of the Daily Mail says that
the Norwegian bark Arab Steed, Captain
Pedersen, which left London December 9
for Cbristiania, has sunk in the North
Sea and that twenty-two persons were
drowned. The correspondent adds that a
violent storm is raging over Denmark
and that other wrecks have been re
ported.
Founders During Gale in the
Arab Steed, Bound for Christiania,
TWENTY-TWO LIVES LOST
BY SINKING O£ A BARK
Jnst received 2000 pairs ladies' ties in
black, bronze or patent leather, worth
S3.50. f jr 35c 'a pair; also 1500 pairs chil
<jror>. s= shoes for 35c a pair, on sale Satur
day at i> o'clock. Busy Bee Shoe Co.. 1023
Market street, above Sixth. •
Luck for the Ladies.
Edward I. Walsh, / who received the
highest number of votes of any "defeated
candidate, is rapidly .overcoming the lead
which . placed George Alpers, , Republican
candidate, in.office. Alpers, who received
the lowest vote of any : of the successful
candidates, beat Walsh only fifty-four
votes. The recount of the ballots in
Judge Murasky's court has resulted up
to date in" a gain for Walsh of fifty-one
votes, thus" leaving him only three votoa
behind Alpers. Walsh gained seven ,' votes
yesterday. . The ballots counted were cast
EBWAED I. WALSH. GAINS
ON . SUPERVISOR ALPERS
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Casey, Miss Genevleva
Carolan, Miss Church. Colonel and Mrs. J. i L.
Chamberlain. Mr. and Mrs. Horace B. Chase,
Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Mr. ¦ and ! Mrs.
Warren D. Clark. Miss Marrlon Coffin, Dr C.
C. Collins, William B. Collier Jr.. Miss Sarah
B. Collier. Duporit Coleman,-. Miss Ethel Cooper
Angelo Contl, A. B. Costigan, F. H. Coon, Mr!
and Mrs. W. H. Crocker. Lieutenant and Mrs.
B..Cushing-. F. P. Deering, Mr. and Mrs. Wal-
Mrs. Frances B. Allen, Faxon Atherton.
I Conrad Babcock, Mrs. L. S. -Baker, Mr. and
Mrs. Wakefleld Baker. Mrs. Richard Bayne,
Everett N. Bee,: Mr. and Mrs.- James H. Bishop,
Lieutenant R. P. Brown. AV. F. Berry. T. B.
Berry, Thomas C. Berry, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
P.. Bishop. Miss P. Leontlne Blakeman, Gordan
Blandlng, Miss Jennie M. Blair, S. H. Board
man. T. D. Boardman, Mr. and Mrs. George
D. Boyd. Allen St. George Bowie, Miss Sophie
Borel, E. A. Bruguiere, E. B. Brownell, Thomas
H. Breeze. Wilbur S. S. Burnett, Mr. and Mrs.
Spencer B. Buckbee.
. Miss Edith Preston was strikingly beau
tiful in white sliver spangled tulle over
white taffeta, garniture of filmy white
lace; Mrs. Latham McMullen wore an
elegant white duchess satin, with real
lace; Mrs. W. D. K. Gibson was attired
in black silk net over black taffeta; Mrs.
Thomas P. Bishop wore white duchess
satin, with real lace; Miss Bernlce Lan
ders was handsome in a white satin gown
with garniture of silver spangled satin;
Miss Bessie Bonsail of .Los Angeles, a
guest of Miss Landers, was attractive in
white crepe de chine; Miss Lillian Spreck
cls was attired in a dainty gown of filmy
pink material, striped with pink velvet,
over taffeta, garniture of white lace and
chiffon roses; Mrs. F. "\V. Tallant wore an
elegant gown of black lace spangled with
jet, over black taffeta; Miss Pearl Lan
ders was a picture in silvery blue mous
seline de sole over taffeta, garniture of
blue panne satin and pink chiffon baby
roses.
Those invited were:
NATIVE Sons' Hall was thronged
with society's smart set last
night, on the occasion of Mr. E.
M. Greenway's revival of the
Friday Night Club. This dance
•was the first of two assemblies arranged
to take place before Lent. Nearly three
hundred guests were present in the most
elaborate evening dress. The affair was
conducted very much upon the lines of
the old Friday Night Club. There was
no german, but a cotillon, with two
bands, to furnish music for the dancers.
•The hall -was elaborately decorated In red,
with considerable foliage. Palms and
poinsettla ornamented the stage, % while
red draperies were festooned with greens.
All guests did not. arrive until 11 o'clock
and the dancing continued until a late
hour, interspersed with a dainty supper.
Following out the club's former custom
there was no reception committee. Mr.
Greenway was floor manager and did
everything In his power to make the atlair
a success. Many beautiful gowns were
in evidence. Some of them were as fol
lows:
: John C. \ Peterson ia suing to have an
nulled the marriage uniting; him to Annie
Peterson,; which occurred in this city Oc
tobers 17, 1901. -He; claims that he was
.The taking of testimony in "the Chey
ney maintenance suit was finished yester-'
day- and argument commenced. • The argu
ment was opened by Attorney, H. C. Mc-
Plke for : the. plaintiff. .He was followed
by- Attorney Peter F. Dunne, S. W. Chey
ney's legal representative. McPike will de
liver, the closing argument : to-day at 2
p..m. ; .-..¦- : '"-,"'"-,¦¦'" ' "-- . ¦ , -¦ '*•' '•
CHEYNEY'S TESTIMONY 'yJSf^
: ENDS SENSATIONAIi TRIAL
Mrs. J. B. Schroeder gave a very Inter
esting talk on the subject of "Astronomy"
to the ladies of the Forum Club, of which
she Is a member, on Wednesday. She
spoke on the women astronomers, the
planetary system. Lick Observatory, and
also introduced a letter on • the new star
in Perseus, from Miss Rose O'Hallaran.
* Miss Nadlne Nuttall, Miss Louise Redington,
Miss Hilda Van SlcklSi, Miss- Hazel Noonan
of Los Angeles, Miss ;Jeannette Hooper, Miss
Edith Simpson and Miss Jessie Wright.
• Miss Edith Preston, Miss Ardella Mills, Miss
Besslo Cole. Miss Florinne Brown, Miss Flor
ence Cole. Miss Elsa Cook. Mrs. Washington
Ames, Miss Pearl Landers and Misa Mabel
Hogg. . _ .
Miss- Elsie Sperfy gave a charming
luncheon yesterday at the University Club
to eight friends. -The; decorations were
chiefly spring blossoms, including pussy
willows, tulips and snowdrops. Miss
Sperry also gave a similar luncheon on
Tuesday at her to nine friends.
The luncheon yesterday was chaperoned
by Mrs. William II. Crocker. The other
guests were: j
5 Miss Fannie Danforth gave a very
pretty luncheon yesterday at her home,
2027 Broadway, in honor of Miss Pearl
Landers and Miss Mabel Hogg. The deco
rations* were entirely in red, including
candelabra, balloons, carnations and
blackberry leaves.
The guests were: , '
Th« Misses Brigham pave an infonnal
tea yesterday afternoon at their hotne,
complimentary .to Miss ' Georglna Jones.
Thirty friends were received and the af
fair was a very delightful one.
? • ?
Miss Nichols. Miss Sprague, ' Bliss Berry, Miss
Marion Eels, Miss Georglna Jones. Miss Brig
ham; Miss. Borel, Miss Foster. Miss Herrln.
Miss Nokes, 'Miss Kane, Miss Sophie Pierce,
Misa Harrington.,
Miss Louise Harrington was hostess yes
terday at one of the most delightful
luncheons of the season at the Knicker
bocker. Tlir decorations were green and
whit". Covers were lakl for fourteen in
the banr]uet-ri3om. The table -was a thing
of beauty, with •white hyacinth, maiden
hair ferns, dainty while tulle and can
delabra. The walls of the room were
tiuito hidden with ferns. . . - V
The young: hostess was charming in a
pink crepe gown with rare lace and black
velvet ribbon.
The guests were: ¦
Lawrence E. Van Winkle, T. S. Van Ness
Jr., H. P. Yeeder, Miss Marie Vcorhiea, Miss
A. M. Voorhies. I
Mr. and .Mrs! Cyrus Walker, Miss Helen Wag
ner, Miss Whlttell George H. Whipple, Parker
Whitney, Miss Juliet Williams,- J. C. Wilson,
E. A. WIltFee. Mr. ami Mrs: "Chauhcey "Wins
low, Mr. and Mrs. M, H. Wiison, Mr, and Mrs.
Russell Wilson, Frank L. Winn, Mr. and Mra.
R. J. Woods.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred W. Zeilel
• * *
and Mrs. W. S. Tevis, M. \V. Thurston, Joseph
M. Thurston. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph S. Tobln.
Philip \V. Tompkins, Joseph O. Tobin, Clement
Tobin Richard Tobin. Miss Celle Tobin, Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs> Mrs. A. C. Tubbs.
in the Sixth Precinct of the Thirty-sev-'
enth District ¦; and the : First Precinct of
the Forty-second District.
Mr. and Mrs. "W. H. Taylor Jr., Mr • and
Mrs.- Fred H. Tallant. H. B. Taylor, Mr and
Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Miss Carrie Taylor Mr
1 John A. Sanborn, 'Mrs. Monroe Salisbury"
Miss Salisbury. Mr. and Mrs. E. G. SchmiedelV
Mr. and Mrs. Laurence R. Scott, Mr. and Mrs'
Henry T. Scott, Prescott Scott. Harry Scott
Dr. and Mrs. Grant Self ridge, Jennie Searles'
P. C. Sessions, Mr. and Mrs. \V. R Sher
wood. Mrs. A.' M. Simpson. Miss Edith Simp
son, Eugene Gray Skipwith, Captain and Mrs.
W. R. . Smedberar, Mrs. Sidney Smith, Miss
Bertha Sidney Smith. Burbank Somers Miss
Sprague, Miss LillieSpreckels, Harry N. Stet
son. ¦':•-'¦,' . ; ¦; ' ¦ .¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦-¦¦
Miss Pearl P. Landers, Miss Bernico Lan
ders. Gailiard Thomas Lapsley, Milton , S.
Latham, Miss Marie B. Lansdale, John Law
8on. John W. Lewis. Mr. and Mrs. Wj E. Les
ter, Mr. and Mrc. George H. Lent* George W.
Lewis. A. S. Lilley. N. B. Livermore. Miss Jo
sephine Loughborough. Miss Loughborough.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Martin, Mrp. Eleanor
Martin, Kersey Madden, Mr. and Mrs. A. S.'
Macdonalrl, • Miss Sallie . Maynard. tieorge T.
Mayre. Charles Marks, Mr. aM Mra. Thomas
McKee, Mr. and Mrs. C. K. Mclntosh. Thomas
McCaleb. Mr* and' Mrs. Latham McMullen,
Athole MoBean, Mr. and Mrs. S. B. McNear,
Fred W. McNear. Edwin W. McAffe, Lieuten
ant Robert. McMillan, Mr. and Mrs. Hall Mc-
Allister, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McCutchen, Mrs
AV. F. McNutt; Miss McNutt, E. T. Messero
witch, John Hubert. Mee, Mr. and Mrs H M
A. Miller.,Mlss Ardella Mills, Lansing Mizner!
Cyrus Miller, Edgar Mlzner, Miss Josephine
Moore, Mrs. Herbert C. Moffatt. Mr and Mrs
D. T. Murphy, Eugene B. Murphy.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall. George Alma
Newhail, Mrs. C. Noble. Miss Noble. VIrglnta
Nokes, Miss Zelia Nuthall, Miss Nadine Nut
tall.' .-'.-.•,
¦ Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard. Frank L
Owen, Miss Owen, Mr. and Mrs. .Tamos Oti« :
Edgar Peixotto, Orrin Peck. James D. Plie-
Ian, Mr. and Mrs. II. D. Pillsbury. noy M
Pike. Mr. and Mrs. Ira Pierce, Miss S.- g'.
Pierce. Mr. and Airs. George A.' Pope, j! 11.
Polhemus, Mis.3 Mary Polhemus, Mr. and Mrs
Carter P. Pomeroy, Lieutenant and Mrs Pot
ter, Edgar F. Preston, Miss Eva Preston, Sid
ney J. Prin^le.
/a." L. Rathbone. Thomas Ransome Joseph
W. Reed, C. C. V. Reeves, F. Reeves Jr L
M. Robbins, Gaston E. Roussy, Lloyd Rob
bins. ¦: : ,,-¦ - • ¦ • ,,
' Mrs. Jarhor. Mi.'js Georglna Jones. Webster
Jones. Winfleld'S. .Tones. Miss Virginia JolifTe.
MIPS Maud Kane, C. S. KempiT, Frank B.
King, Miss Geftevlcve King, Allen T. Kittle,
Miss Kittle. Mrs. N. G. Kittle. Percy L. King.
Miss J,ucy King, Mr. and Mrs. Samuol Knight.
Miss Alice Hager, George E. Hall. I^ieutcnaht
W. G. Ilaan. Miss Ethel Hager, Miss M. A.
Harrington, Hiss L.- T. Harrington.'- Ralph
Warner Hart, Mips Katherin Herrln. .T. R.
Howell, * Mr. ' and Mrs. Ilobert G. Hooker, B.
W.. Hopkins, Miss Hopkins, Miss Olive M. Hol
brook, Mr. and Mrs. Willard V. Muntingtnn.
ier L Dean, Mr. and Mrs. G. de Latour, Mr.
and Mrs E. R Dlmond, Miss Katherino Dil
lon, Miss Bertha M. Dolbeer, W, A. Drown, 11.
McK. Duueru, II. S. Dutlon. •
Charles W. Earl, Miss Marion Ells, Mr. an.3
Mrs. E L. Eyre R. M. Eyre.
Charles N. Felton Jr.,. R. M. FiURPrald,
George R. Field, Mr. and Mrs/ JV A. Folger,
E. Courtney Ford, C. G. Follls. Mrs. F* P.
Frank, Mr and Mrs. T. C. Friedlander.
George W. Gtbbs, Mr. and Jilrs. W. D. K.
Gibson. R. L>. Glrvln. frank Goad. Fred A.
CJreenwood, Mr. and Mrs. Frank \V. Griffin,
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Grant, 'Enrique Orau, J.
B. Grimwoo'l. . '
Q. — A. B. Mahony was signed to it? A. —
Yes. sir.
Q.— What became of that document after
you saw it? A.— I caw it burned.
Q. — Who burned it? A. — Mrs. Deane.
Q. — Where was it burned? A. — Burned in
409 Parrott building.
Q — That was your office? A. — Yes,»slr.
Q.— Mr. Wgett. what were- the contents, do
you remember? A. — I djdn't read it with any
great care; I wasn't expected to remember the
contents of it; simply to witness the destruc
tion of it. 1
Q. — In a general way what is your Impression
of the contents? A.— There was, I think, a
promise to appoint Mr. Deane chief deputy.
Q. — Do you remember whether the docu
ment stated any consideration? A. — I don't
remember any consideration. It didn't purport
to be a contract, or agreement, pimply a state
ment, a promise.
Q. — Do you remember anything else about
the contract, of the contents? A. — I think that
is about all. substantially all. I remember to
H. I am quite certain there wasn't anything
eald about a. consideration at all.
q. How did that contract start off? A. — It
commenced with a preamble. I couldn't recol
lect the exact wording of it. It started oft in
the form of a preamble, "whereas."
q Were there any other signatures attach
ed to that document? A. — Yes.
q. Whose were they? A. — I cannot recollect
them Et al!.
q, Which names do you recollect? A. — I
think the name of Flood was attached to one,
but the other name was an uncommon name.
q. Was It Vallero? A. — It might have been.
I think it commenced with a "V"; I don't re
member—I couldn't tell you it was that— I
think it commenced with a "V." It was a
name I was unfamiliar with.
Mr. Ruef — Did the conditions of the preamble
refer to matters referring to nomination, or
election, of County Clerk? A. — It referred to
candidacy.
q. To Mr. Mahony being a candidate? A. —
: Yes. sir.
Q. — Did it refer to Mr. Deane being a can
> didate? A. — No, sir; nothing about that.
Q. — Do you remember anything further about
the document you have been testifying to here?
A.— I think not. -
Q. — You have given us your entire recollec
tion of Its contents? A. — I think I have given
you all the impression that remained on my
mind.
The Mayor— You couldn't state what was in
the document, and what* was not in the docu
ment? A. — Not explicitly and particularly, be
cause I did not read it with a view to anything
| of that kind, but I have a general idea what it
was about.
Joseph Leggett was the last witness.
His testimony was as follows:
The Mayor— Mr. Leggett, did you see thi3
afternoon or any time to-day a document, an
agreement entered Into between Mr. Mahony
and Mr. William Deane? A. — I saw a paper;
I don't know whether you could designate It
as an agreement between those parties; the
names were mentioned in it.
Q.— Who was it signed by? A.— A. B. Ma
hony, that is the name; I don't know the sig
nature of Mr. Mahony.
Beads. Contract and Then Watches It
Consigned to the Flames by
Mrs. Deane.
LEGGETT SEES
THE CREMATION
Q.— You -stated yesterday that you ' 'drew up
many papers, many documents? A. — Yes. Elr.
Q. — Consequently, if it started off any un
usual way you would undoubtedly have re
membered It? A. — As any contract would. I
suppose: either, "whereas." or *'in considera
tion," or something like that.
Q. — Do you remember how that document
started off. A. — No; sir. I do not; I could
tell If I saw It whether it wasf my own or
not.
Q. — Was that document read aloud before
the four of you before you witnessed it? A. —
1 don't think it was, as I remember it, from
what Mr. Deane called my attention to it to
day. Mr. Mahony and Mr. Deane were in
the office for quite a long time together.
When I came In I don't remember whether
Mr. Deane dictated it to' me or told me what
he wanted.
Q. — Do you remember whether he read that
document before he signed it? A. — That I
couldn't say.
Q- — Did you read It before signing it? A. —
My impression Is I typewrote it.
Q. — Do you remember seeing him sign that
document as a witness? A. — Well, I don't
remember the physical fact of his signing It;
it Is my impression he did.
here having drawn up that contract; do you
remember having signed that contract; do you
remember who else signed that contract? A. —
Mr. Deane called my attention to" another fact.
He went out and rang a bell and sent for Mr.
Vallero, and Mr. Vallero came in.
Q. — Do you recall Mr. Vallero coming in?
A. — I do recall him coming in.
Continued From Page Five.
FLOOD NOW REMEMBERS,
Sa far as I am concerned, this is a fight
betvreea IX Edward <?ol!ins and the manager
of the Enquirer. I have no Interest in the
matter and I <~«re not who winp. I am pub
l;s>iinp the Oakland Tribune ami th"y have a
rival n^wppsner. Th«? matter docs not concern
roe one way or another.
Concerning tho charge that he was in a
oombination on city printing -with the Kn
quir^r. YV. E. Dargic of the Oakland Trib
une said:
J5p that as it may. however. I shall take the
proper steps to defend myself against Mr.
Collins' puit, an<1 when the proper time comes
ivill show that Mr. Collins is. to be polite about
1t. «T.tirely mistaken when he makes euch a
lot of foolishly untrue charges against me.
Mr. Collins has never spoken to me about" the
Inquirer cr its affairs, and the only attempt
be has ever made to approach me in the mat
ter vias to endeavor, through his agent, to Bell
m» some Enquirer stock. I refused to buy it,
rot thinking for a moment that the refusal
would put me to the annoyance and expense of
defendins: myself apainst a false and malicious
suit en a lot of trumped up and scandalous
chargfp.
Now. as a matter of fact, I do not own one
Ebaoe of Enquirer stock, have no interest in it
end know nothing of its affairs. Mr. Collins,
therefore, did not tell the truth when he swore
to the charges lie has made agralnst me..
Pardee Makes Intimations.
While I have seen and very hastily read what
purports to be a copy of a complaint filed by
Mr. D. Edwrad Collins In a suit he has brought
against several other gentlemen and myself. I
pather from wltat I read of it that he charges
me with conspiring to defraud the Enquirer
Publishing Company and himself.
Dr. George C. Pardee made the follow
ing statement to-night in the Oakland
Enquirer:
I shall not be ready to talk about this case
until I have seen or have been served with the
complaint. I want to know what I hare to
meet before I can be placed in the position
of talking about the matter.
Henry P. Dalton, who is named in the
complaint as one of the controlling own
ers of the Enquirer, said to-night:
Until I have been eerved with a copy of the
complaint and know vrbat is charged. I can
"say nothing. In due time and In the proper
course of matters I Shall be prepared to meet
all of the charges that may have been made
by Mr. Collins.
G. B. Daniels, manager of the Enquirer,
returned to-night from Sacramento. He
said:
The complaint I have filed against the con
trolling management of the Enquirer Publish
ing Company speaks for itself. There is noth
ing I can say to add to It at this time. The
matter is now in th« bands cf my attorneys.
Beyond all this are the flat charges
made of misconduct in the management
cf the Oakland Enquirer, which has been
for years an active element In the county
and city political life. The parties to tbe
case are not ready to go into a public
controversy over their business and finan
cial difficulties. D. Edward Collins, who
is the complainant in the suit against
Pardee, Dalton and Daniels, said to-night:
Collins Rests on Complaint.
The battle between the rival forces of
the Oakland Enquirer has settled down
to a waiting fight. With the beginning
of the suit by r>. Edward Collins, the mi
nority stockholder, who charges fraud
and mismanagement against Dr. George
C. Pardee and Henry P. Dalton. the al
leged controlling owners of the EnQulrer,
all concerned are waiting for the next
move. The case has been assigned for
trial to Superior Judge Ogden's depart
ment. None of the defendants, including
PanJee. Dalton and G. B. Daniels, the
manager of the Enquirer, have as yet
Leen served with the papers in*the case.
They are unwilling to talk about the
many charges embodied in the complaint
until legal service has been made upon
i hem. , :
Outside of the purely business Bide of
The litigation the light has assumed more
or less of political significance from the
prominent position that the two men
most actively mentioned in the charges
occupy in county and State political af
fairs. " Dr. Pardee, besides being a Regent
of the State University, has Deen strongly
rnentioned as a candidate for the Repub
lican nomination for Governor. Mr. Dal
ton has been Assessor of A lamed a County
for two terms and is an aggressive politi
cal factor in Alameda County. On the
other side Is Mr. Collins, who Is quietly
formidable in political life in Oakland.
Oakland Office San Fraacisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 16-
Floating In the waters of the Padfta
Ocean about eighteen miles from the month
of the Klamath River the body of James
A. Gallagher, one of the victims of the
Walla Walla disaster, was found. The
discovery was made by Captain Henry
Peterson of the steam lumber schooner
Newburg, and that vessel brought the re
mains to port last evening and placed
them in charge of the Coroner. Galla
gher was a general advertising agent,
traveling in the interest of a> syndicate
of Eastern magazines. His home was In
St. Louis, but he had spent six years on
the Pacific coast in the pursuit of hia
occupation. v
Captain Peterson sighted an object
drifting about in the water shortly after
9 o'clock Wednesday morning. He was
then about fifty-five miles from the loca
tion where the French bark is supposed
to have struck the steamer. By the aid
of a powerful glass he pronounced tha
form to be that of a man. He at once
ordered a boat lowered and that craft,
manned by the second officer and two
sailors, soon returned with a badly de
composed body encircled by one of the
Walla Walla's life preservers. The body
was hoisted on board and brought to this
city." ' .
When Chief Coroner's Deputy McCbr
mack took charge of the body there was
mystery as to its Identity. The Index
finger of the left hand was missing and
a purser's check showed that its posses
sor was a cabin passenger and had occu
pied room I, berth 3 and seat 27. Sev
eral business cards and addresses were
found, but . nowhere the unfortunate
man's name. Among the addresses were
those of Mrs. Burns, 167% Silver street,
and Miss W. Fontaine, 13 West Mission
street.
A card of the Leepalmer Hotel, O'Far
rell and Mason streets, furnished a clew.
Three hours after the body had been de
posited at the Morgue, Jack Hayes, a
bartender at the hotel, positively Identi
fied It as that of Gallagher. Hayes stated
that Gallagher wa3 well connected In St.
Louis and had once been a Deputy Bheriff.
in that city. The latter has spent about
six years on the coast, traveling: In tha
Interest of the advertising departments
of magazines during that time. He was
en route to Seattle when he met his
death. On the ship's passenger list ho
appears as J. A. Grey. He assumed thi3
name for personal reasons. He was about*
34 years of age.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIO COAST
Postal Service and More Hew
Pensions Granted.
Several Changes Are "Made In tha
WASHIXGTOX. I>. C. Jan. IS.—Post
office established: Washington — Cicero.
Snohomish County, Martha Cicero, post
master.
Postmasters commissioned: California
Albert C. Hogan. Boonville; Martha A.
Simonds, Hyde Park; James H. Stur
geon, Jordan. Washington— James R.
Allen, Echo.
Postmasters appointed: Arthur E>.
Tourtilotte, Boca, Nevada County, vlca
William J. McDonald, resigned; Harland
E. Elder, Semitropic, Kern County, vice
Thomas L. Brown, resigned. Washing
ton — William Graham, Richardson, San
Juan County, vice Thomas P. Hodgson,
removed.
These pensions -were granted: Califor
nia—Original: John "W. Hughes, Oakland,
$6; Larkin R. Slaughter, Madera, $12.
Increase^ — Balthaser Niderost, San Fran
cisco, $8; Jehu J. Lyon/ Kern, $6. Mexi
can War— Jesse A. Mitchell, Gait, • $12;
Elias Bender. Napa, $12. Widows—Jean
nie Hovey, San Francisco, $8.
Washington: Increase— Samuel High
lands, Elma, $12 (Mexican War). John
Williamson, Spanaway, J12.
Senator Perkins Is still confined to his
bed by illness, but his condition is not
alarming. He ia reported to-night to bo
quite comfortable.
Army orders: Contract Surgeons
Charles C. Billingslea and George 13.
Jones are to proceed to San Francisco*
thence to the Philippines.
Major William J. Wakeman. surgeon,
is ordered from the Philippines to San
Francisco.
Second Lieutenants Clarence M. Furay,
Second Infantry, and Thomas B. Crock
ett. Twenty-fourth Infantry, go to Co
lumbus Barracks for duty with recruits
to the Philippines, via San Francisco.
Navy orders: Commander A. "Ward is
ordered from New York yard, January
25, to the Asiatic station, via steamer
China, sailing from San Francisco Feb
ruary ".
Rescinds the Contract.
The Supervisors Printing Company yes
terday, withdrew the award of a contract
for stationery amounting to $19 to Payot,
Upham & Co. The committee Inadvert
ently made the award, overlooking the
fact that Supervisor Payot is a member
of the firm and the charter forbids city
officials from bidding on public con
tracts.
Aged Woman Dies From Fall.
Mrs. Lucy Brownie, 96 years of age, fell
downstairs at her residence, 7 Elizabeth
street, and received Injuries from -which
she died last night. Her body was brought
to the Morgue. About a year ago her
brother-in-law, John Brownie, 91 years
old, fell over a cliff on BernaJ Heights
and received injuries from -which he also
died. 7 ; ; -.:-.:. \ -•;
Xost His Diamond Stud.
George, alias "Mickey" Reed, was ar
rested on the Oakland boat last night by
Spetial Police Officer John Cleary on a
charge of grand larceny. He 13 accused
by Stephen Swoboda of having snatched
a diamond stud from his necktie. Greer*
claims to be a clerk.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Jan. 16.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Joseph P. Grome,
aged 29, and Mary F. Barbareno, 18, both,
of Warm Springs: Henry Haas. 56, and
Mary Dowdall. 3D, both of Hayward;
George J. Weiler Jr.. 26, and Millie C.
Empie, 25,' both of San Francisco; Joseph
Condrotte, 40, and Louis© Trolaxd, 40, both,
of San Franclsco.~
Dr. Pardee Intimates That Suit Is
Prompted by His Refusal to
Buy Stock From
Collins.
Principals in Oakland
Enquirer War Are
Talking Little.
Contest Naturally Assumes
Some Political Sig
nificance.
Suits for divorce were filed by,.'LJdle
May against George May for cruelty.
Lulu M. 'Thompson- against Ernest
Thompson for cruelty,: Lizzie A. Badarous
against Sidney B. Badarous for desertion
and Maud McFadden against Thomas J.
McFadden.for failure to provide.
Dlvorces were granted to Irene K. Hol-
Hhgsworth from Orlando Holllngsworth,
for failure to provide, and Josephine Wol
fenbarger from Harvey Wolf enbarger, for
failure to provide. . ' : - ¦ .,¦¦:-.
forced to become the husband of the
young lady while In Jail. He alleges also
that his wife refuses to. live with him;--
Directors— Patrick Noble, Fred C. Boden,
Colonel J. C. O'Connor, John W. Drury and W.
Scheppler: vice presidents— Most Reverend P.
W. Riordan. Archbishop of San Francisco;
William J. Blggy, J- Coughlan, Sylvan WelU,
V. P. Buckley. M. D.. C. J. I. Devlin, Leon
Sloss, Adam Grant, P. F. Nolan, John P.
Hayne, James R. Kelly, Louis S. Kast,- Wal
ter S. Martin, R. J. Tobln and William S\
Barbat. M. t>. <
The Pacific Society for the . Preven
tion of Cruelty -to Animals and Children
and Suppression of Vice has elected the
following officers:
. Directors — Professor George Davidson,
Charles L. Taylor, Harry Durbrow, John Part
ridge, E. J. Bowen, Henry Lund and John Dol
beer; councilors— Hon. Ralph C Harrison,
Mark Sheldon, William Hood. C. E., Charles
Nelson. James F. Houghton, Gustave Nlebaum,
Hon. George C. Perkins, P. de Vecchi, M. p.,
Hon. Irving M. Scott, Hon. William Alvord,
E. J'. Molera and Henry J. Crocker.
The Geographical Society of the Pacific
has elected the following directors and
councilors:
President. George Vickerspn; vice president,
Charles Fleischmann; recording secretary,
George Ball; financial secretary. John H. Beck
hausen: treasurer, James Green; executive
committee — C D. Laughlih. Louis Allari, Her
man Schneider, George Kuhl. O. T. Ledwith,
George Ball, Sllvln Remusat, Harry Collins, T.
J. Crowley, Minnie Andrews, F. Figuerroa, R.
L. Grimmer, Dan Donohue, William Patton.
H. B. Meyers and J. Kirkpatrick; inspector
and conductor, Kels Johnson; outside sentinel,
George Beyford: trustees — George Cree, J. J.
Garrett, A. C. Kose.
Rolla V. Watt, president; Edward Coleman
and C. 8. Wright, vIcp presidents; 1. J. Tru
man, treasurer: B. C. "Wright, auditor: C. A-
Maydwell. recording secretary: finance com
mittee, Dr. Hartland Law, Edward Coleman.
C. W. Pike, Captain J. G. Levensaler. S. F.
Burford. William H. Crocker and Robert Bruce.
Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance, No. 30,
has installed the following officers:
The board of directors of ' the San
Francisco Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation has elected the following officers:
President,' George Gutbrle; treasurer,- J.
Bardultn; financial secretary, H. Flick; re
cordlng secretary, T. Millar; sergeant-at-arms,
G. Raemussen; delegates to Federation of Im
provement Clubs, M. Popper, J. Stolberg and
H. Fltck.
William J. Duttou. president: Giles II.
Gray, sfnlor vice president; Colonel A. D. Cut
ler, junior Vice president; Edwin Bonnell, sec
retary; Colonel "A. S. Hubbard, registrar;
l-Tiarles II. Warner, treasurer; Byron Mauzy,
marshal: Edward M. Adams. Alexander G.
Eells. George W. Sponcer. Fayette H. I Reed,
.T. W. Karrinjrton and Thomas E>. Iloardman,
beard of managers.
The Nuevo Potrero Improvement Ciub
has installed the following officers:
The Ca'lifornidl Society of the Sons of
the American Revolution has elected the
following officers:
President,. Stephen liunner: first vice presi
dent, William H. Miller; second vice president,
John Kavanagrh; third vice president, M. M.
Baker: recording secretary. J. J. McMahon;
financial secretary. Jrhn Williams; treasurer,
William Fahrehkrug; board of directors. J. M.
Thomas and G. A. Bayreuther: board of trus
tees, R. Harrold. P. Cimnor and F. A. Will.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso
ciation has elected the following of
ficers:
A. Borel. A. Vighler. Ulrich Gingg, C. E.
Ploda. A. Huguenln, A. Monottl, G. A. Ber
ton, E. Pohll. Q. E. Porta, J. Freuler and Dr.
H. Sar»..»ri
President. Phllo Jacqby; vlct president, A.
Rahwyler; first secretary, T. J. Carroll: sec
ond secretary, diaries Sageliorn; treasurer, O.
Bremfir; shooting masters — J. C. Waller, C. M.
Henderson, F. A. Schrumpf; trus>tees-^-L. C.
Babin, F. A. Kuhls, A. Gumbel; finance com
mittee — A. L. Ott. Charles Simon; directors —
Phila Jacoby. Fred Levers. I* C. Babln,, L. J.
Reubold. O. Bremer. A. Htreeker and H. Steffln.
The following are the newly elected di
rectors of the Swiss Relief Society:
Henry F. Fortmann, president; ;¦ Charles
Hirsch and D. Drysdale. vice presidents; W.
B. Bradford. Sidney M. Smith. E. B. Pond, C.
Nlebaum. Isaac Liebes and George W. Hume,
directors: C. . W. Dorr, secretary: Wells, Fares
& Co. "s Bank, treasurer.
The newly elected officers of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club are as follows:
President. Mrs. D. S. Davis; vice president,
Mrs. A. Schleslnger; treasurer. Mrs. M. Getz;
corresponding secretary. Mrs. A. Altmeyer; re
cording , secretary. Mrs. I. Frohman; also the
following as members of the board of directors,
Mesdames R. Altmeyer, I. Glass, I.. Myers and
Rudee. '
The Alaska Packers* Association has
elected the following officers: ¦.'. < - ¦
A. Logan, past president; Marcel Magnan,
president; C. R. Strandberg, vice president;
Louis Par! sot, treasurer; Morris Catz, record
ing secretary; M. ¦ L.. Grossman, financial sec
retary; directors. George Rabbitt, Charles Er
bacher, Louis Fourniguter, John Frussetta,
Samuel Newman, Fred Otto, Rudolph Walden;
auditing committee, Frank Vilcone, ¦ H. L.
Stewart, Henry Hage.
At the annual meeting of the Ladies*
Council of the Bush-street Synagogue the
following officers were elected:
At this time of the year numerous or
ganizations are selecting the officers to
govern them for the ensuing term. In
nearly every Instance the reports of those
who have been in charge show a most
gratifying condition of affairs.
At, the annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Nursery for Homeless Children the
following officers were elected:
Mrs. J. Bertz. president; Mrs. James Elder,
first vice president; Mies S. E. Cowtll, second
vice president; lira. William Thomas, third vice ,
president; Mrs. S. B. McLenegan, treasurer;
Mrs. W. E. Jackson, recording secretary; Mrs.
J. L. Gould, corresponding secretary; managers
—Mrs. William Frank. Mrs. O. B. Burns. Mrs.
William Hollls. Mrs. Guy Manning. Mrs. A. H.
Martin, Mrs. H. E. Osborne, Mrs. E. P. Pres- I
ton, Mrs. F. V. Wright, Mrs. W. S. Leake, Mrs.
Albert Dernham. Mrs. H. E. Law. Mrs. Wil
liam F. Smith, Miss Adelaide Pollock, Mrs. J.
J. Spieker, Mrs. William Gerstle, Miss Maud
O'Connor, Mrs. George Sperry; trustees — Mrs.
R. B. Mitchell, Mrs. C. 8. Neal, Mrs. C. S.
Wright, Mrs. T. J. Schuyler, Dr. James Ward;
physicians— Dr. Guy E. Manning, Dr. James
Ward, Dr. William Boericke; dentist. Dr. O.
B. Burns: attorneys — E. B. .Young, R. B.
Mitchell, D. H. Whittemore.
At the annual meeting of the directors
of the Maria Kip Orphanage the follow
ing trustees were re-elected:
Right Rev. William Ford Nichols. William
H. Crocker, Thomas P. Woodward, Elliott Mc-
Allister and E. H. Rixford. Ladles' board of
managers — Miss Carrie Gwin, president; Mrs.
W. ,S. Wood, vice president; Mrs. Thomas P.
Woodward, secretary; Miss Mary C. Heath,
corresponding secretary; Mrs. Sidney Worth.
treasurer; Mrs. R. B. Sanchez, Mrs. George II.
Buckingham, Miss Eva Maynard, Miss Eliza
beth Brown, Mra. F. G. Sanborn and Mrs. E.
D. Bullard^ directors.
The San Francisco Fruit and Slower
Mission has elected the following officers:
Miss Lillian Nathan, president; Miss Miriam
K. Wallls, first vice president; Mm. George
H. Buckingham, second vice president: Miss
Hannah Leszynsky. treasurer; Mrs. William
Sherwood, recording secretary; Miss Annie
Wainwright, corresponding secretary; . Miss
Hilda Stetnhart, Mrs. Irwin Wlel, Miss Dan
forth, Miss Uppit and Miss Thompson, direc
tors. .
At the annual election of 'officers of the
Norddeutscher Verein the following were
chosen:
President, Ed Stehn; vice president. Captain
L. Slebe; recording secretary. C. G. Bolsdortl;
financial secretary, Carl Moeller; treasurer,
H. Meyer; finance committee E. F. Baruth,
L. H; Kohn. C. AV. Arp; relief committee, H.
Barthold, H. B. Fedde-. F. Tensfeldt; sergeant
at-arms. John Buck; physician, W. A. Meier
dierks. M. D.
The Cooks' Association of the Pacific
Coast has elected the following officers:
The first case reported to-day was that
of Miss Flora Disard and her married
sister, Mrs. Logan, who live at 722 Fil
bert street. They were on their way
home from a whist party, and when at
Seventh and Market streets they observed I
that an unknown man was following
them. At Fifth and Myrtle streets they
became so badly frightened that they
took refuge in the home of a friend. They
say the man followed them to the door,
which he rattled vigorously and then rang
the door bell. He received no response
and finally walked away, whistling. He
Is described as being about 35 years old
and hed black hair and a black mus
tache. Flossie White's assailant was a
tall man with long white hair.
Earlier in the evening the two daugh
ters of E. L. Dale of 669 Seventh street
had an encounter with an unknown man
at Seventh and Grove streets. They say
that he tried to seize one of them, but
i they eluded him and ran. He • did not
¦ follow them, but disappeared down a side
¦ street. They could not furnish the police
j with a description of the man.
The police say that women, hearing of
! the experience of Flossie White, are apt
' t* be nervous when out at night and mis-
I take the ordinary acts of pedestrians for
; the mysterious behavior of the supposed
, madman who attacked the child. ¦
As predicted by Chief of Police Hodg
kins. the attack Monday night upon 13
year-old Flossie White, the orphaned
niece of Policeman William McCloud. has
caused all sorts of reports to be mads at
police headquarters and hardly a night
paeses that some woman or girl does not
declare that she has had an encounter
with the mysterious stranger who beat
little Flossie and left her unconscious and
bound hand and foot upon the sidewalk.
Last night four women were frightened
by unknown men, and to-day they re
ported the occurrences to the police. In
vestigations prove, however, that in none
of the cases could it have been the same
man Who attacked Flossie White.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Jan. 16.
All Begin a New Year With
Hopes for Continued
Prosperity.
Miss Flora Disard and Sister
Pursued by Man to
Friend's House.
Was Aboard the Walla Walla
When She Went to
the Bottom.
Changes Are Made in the
Governing Bodies
of Some.
More Report > to Police
Regarding Alleged
Attacks.
J. A. Gallagher. -
Lumber Schooner's Crew
Becovers Remains of
ALL AWAIT
BATTLE IN
THE COURT
OAKLAND WOMEN
RECEIVE SCARES
MANY SOCIETIES
ELECT OFFICERS
PICK UP WRECK
VICTIM'S BODY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, \ 1902.
SOCIETY DANCES AND MAKES
MERRY AT THE GREENWAY BALL
BRILLIANT SCENE AT THE COTILLON GIVEN LAST NIGHT IN NATIVE SONS' HALL AND TWO TOUNG SO
CIETY WOMEN WHO WERE CONSPICUOUS AMONG THE MANY BEAUTIFUL WOMEN. TO BE SEEN AT
THE EXCLUSIVE FUNCTION. \ ¦
•S^N' DIEGO— Arrived Jan 1&—Schr Mabel
'Gray, from Eureka: schr Bertha Dolbeer. from
Eureka. . '•'¦''-.'¦!.«¦ ¦ - . ' :
: ~ Sailed Jan lG—Stmr St Denis, for Ensenada;
revenue cotter Bear, on cruise. .
- ; OCEAN STEAMERS,
j LONDON— Sailed /Jan 16-^Stmr" Mlnnehaha,
for'NeW York. • "" '-" ¦ - ' • ¦ ..-.¦•
! LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 1 16— Stmr Domin
ion, for Portland^ Me.
DOMESTIC I PORT,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Mr3. Agnes Thornagle, district deputy
grand president of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West, died late , on last
Wednesday night. Mrs. Thornagle was
one of the original members of Alta Par
lor No. 3, and was one of the most ear
nest and conscientious . workers for the
good of her parlor and of the order gen
erally. She was also a member of Martha
Washington Council of the Daughters of
Liberty. Her "funeral will, be under the
auspices of the Native Daughters. She
was 44 years of age and was the mother
of four children, who, with her husband,
survive her. •' . -
9
3ther Give
Entertainments at
the Festal
A Green and White
v • ¦ -
Luncheon at the
Harrington
Home.
Ajvxrvnvyjfiti:*k vinitL
truly modifies the
casein of the milk.
We will send jo tt our. book free t ~>,
: ¦"¦$¦.. ; ; «« Mellirts Food Babies**
Mellin's Food Company, Boston, Kan.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1SU. Con-
sultation and private boett
free at otSca or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
SIGNATURE HjjA
\Lf^ GUARANTEES
0 UEBiG
COMPANTS E3 Sm&?*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY^ JANUARY 17, 1902.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Tliird streets; open,
until 12 o'clock overy night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— r>27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 0:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: ope£ until 0:30 p. m.
•339 McAllister B*reet: open until U:30 p. m.
313 Larkin ftrwt: ..p;n until l>:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; . pen until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 p. m.
106 Eleventh plreet: open until 9 p. m.
1CKXS Vairncia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreets; open until !» p. m.
2200 FUlmore street; open until 9 p. mi
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No]~l7~K- .1
T., 8 Post st. — Regular assembly «i3r«
THIS EVENING. 7:30 tpB
o'clock. Order cf the Temple. All ft*
fraters cordially Invited. By order
of the Commandr-r.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3. I. ,,-v*^.
O. O. F.— Public installation 4g?JZ£Sk:
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, in "sS^Z^f^
Covenant Hall. I. O. O. K. " ~
building. Members and friends cordially In-
vited TO attend. "
J. VT. E. ALLEN. Recording Secretary.
,M. BRILLIANT. N. G.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS, K. ,^a*^.
O. T. M.— Review \ HIS (FjIIDAT)
EVENING at 8 o - oiock. PiOEeer«a<M$|
Hall. :< Fourth ft. %£?'£veif
H. H. CASTLE. XJSjSj'
Record Keeper. ¦
REGULAR meeting of tfc* Caledo- . •</
nlan Cl-jb THIS EVENING, at Ji JJ
8 o'clock," Scottish Hall. 117 Lar- iggJif
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. ¦ DUNCAN. Secretary.
6T. ANDREWS Society — A" recep- v «T nT
tlon will be tendered to Ex-Presi- 2L Giaj
tffrit JOHN REID. MR. WALTER *kX£/
DAVIDSON and MR. A, R. PAT-
ERSON. in Soctrish Hall. 117 Larkin st..
™ FRIDAY tSVEmXa. January 17. at 9
oVlock. Members »re cordially in\*ited to be
present. JAS. ROLPH JR., Pres.
j GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
THE St. Andrew's Society will cele- v ry n.
brate the anniversary of the birth 3V, £> ijj
of ROBERT BtTRNP with a con- "<£»yX&c
o>rt End social dance in Scottish "***^»
Hall. Ill Larkin st.. on FRIDAY EVENING,
January 24. Admission 2Tc.
JAMES ROLPH JR., President.
• GEO. ST. J. BREKXIiH.' Secretary.
jconcn to etockl-.olSers or Honolulu Planta-
tion Company— Notice is hereby given that In
1 uifjar.ee of a resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
par.y. duly adopted at a meeting of said
board held on the 20th day of November. A.
!.">. 1901. a Fpeclal meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Honolulu Plantation Company will
be held cn MONDAY, the 27th day of Janu
ary. A. P. 1S02. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. of that day. ct the office of the corpo-
ration. No. 22? Market St.. in the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
the same being the principal place of busi-
ness snd the office of raid corporation, and
the building where the Board of Directors
usually meet, for the purpose of considering
and. acting upon a proposition to create a
bonded Indebtedness of nald corporation to
the amount of one million two hundred and
fifty thousand <L250,000) cellars, to the end
and for the purpose of providing means and
raising moneys to pay the existing indebted-
ness of said corporation and the indebtedness
incurred and to be incurred in the develop-
ment of its properties and the construction
and completion of Its works and Improve-
ments, the purchase of inacWnery and the
acquisition of such other property as may
be within the purposes and objects of said
*-orporation. Dated San Franctsco. November
20. 1901. . H. W.i THOMAS.
KecrcUry of Honolulu Plantation Company.
INNUAL MEETING-OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market street, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
on TUESDAY, the 21st day of January; 1302.
Bt the hour of^Jl o'clock a. m., f&- the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of euch other business as may come before
the meetine. Transfer books will close oa
Friday. January 10. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
I'OTICE of Meeting of Stockholders — Orfice of
the Union Trust Company of San Francisco.
J^umber 2 Montgomery street, northeast cor-
ner of Montgomery . and Post streets. San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 9th. 1902 — Notice is
. hereby given that pursuant to a resolution
of the board of directors of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco, a corporation
adopted on the Oth day of January, ls»02. ai
* meeting of said board, duly held at the
office of said company. In the city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia, - a majority of the members
of eaid board being present, a meeting
of the stockholders of said company will be
held at the office and principal place of busi-
ness of said corporation, to wit, in the rear
room on the ground floor of the building on
the northeast corner of Montgomery and Post
strepts. known as No. 2 Montgomery street,
5c the city and county of San Francls<~».
State of California, said building being the
building where the board of directors of said
corporation usually meet^ and said room be-
ing the room in said building where the
stockholders of said corporation usually meet
on THURSDAY, the 27th day of March'
I»o2. at 3 o'clock p. m., for the object and
purpose of thereupon considering and voting
upon a proposition to increase the capital
rtock of said corporation from $1,250,000 00
'divided into 1200 shares of the par value
of $1000 00 each share) to $1,500,000 00 (di-
¦"iried Into 1500 shares of the par. value of
$1000 00 each share). By order of the board
cf directors
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
'Seal) By I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
annual ilEETINO — The regular- annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the office of the company. 327
Market et. San Francisco, on MO.VDAT.
the 20th day of January. 1902, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of elect-
Ing a board of directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other
b-js:r<ess es may come before the meeting
The transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 17. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
- W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.—
The annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Fan Francisco Gas and Electric Company
will be held at the office of the companv. 415
Post et.. In the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, at 12 o'clock m. on TUESDAY. Janu-
ary 21. 1902. The transfer books of the eom-
j.any will be closed from January 10 1902. to
and including January 21. 1902.
(Signed) WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 6. 1902.
STOCKHOLDERS^ MEETING— Th« annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works win be held at the office of the com-
iwny, 222 Market et.. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21. 1902. at 11 o'clock
n. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
rilrectors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of t-uch other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
January 9. 1902. . .
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
IV W. KING, atty. Exam. bldg.. 6th floor,. rm'
fill; nil cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free:no
advance charges . open eve's; cail or write.
ADVICE free: di\-orces a specialty ;qulck;qulet;
no o^arsfc without success; established 1C yrs
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE fre»; divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages :bllla of sale: partner-
ehips; deeds; will? drawn: no fee unless suc-
oessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. EL CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Ket ft.; conryltation tree; no fees In advance.
BOAR/1IXG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — Child to board; best of care; ref-
erences. 117 Noe st.
GRI1MAN lady would board couple of chil-
dren ; room for parent. 439 Minna et.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
TOR astrological, occult, metaphysical book*
go to 142tt Market. St.. S. F.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard liHO.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
» 27M.T.7.^7rrrrrrr$27so~. .... ~™".7T7r$27So
Large livery and boarding stable.
Hcrses. hacks, carriages, buggies, harness
and everything complete.
Over 50 steady boarders.
Finest location in city.
!'arty retiring from the business. Full par-
•.Vuiarg by STENBERG CO.. 753' Market.
l r II»KT-CLASS boarding and rooming house:
¦ <-l<?gantly furnished; full of boarders and
¦ comers: must be a responsible party: a bar-
f.-a.'n for. the ritfit -pErty: rent $200 per month.
Men RIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.. rooms 1-2.
Z JrrSTAURANTS for sale at sacrifice: *225 t*
SttXI. Investigate at McBRIDE & CO.'S. 7C5
Market st.
LIVERY, boarding and sale stable, 40c on $1;
mtFt Bell; easy money; established 40 years;
central location; don't ¦ mies it. Business
Board of Trade, 320 Pine st.
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 SO to $6
<Jally. Ask C L. HEDGES. 4C2 Parrott bldg.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
PECKER. £21 Market eU
j BUSINESS Cn AX CES — Continued..
i A — $1000;~HAY. grain, wood and ""«>' "--'un
, l Mission st. : rent $4 0: eB *~--. — 0 years; other
j business compels uwner to sacrifice; a eood
•I business. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A — ?700; RESTAURANT and chop house: kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month: located in and between large hotels:
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
Call K.-G. WILKE, 28% Kearny st.
! $500 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a
good payini business: low rent: location can't
be beat. See R. G. WILKE. 26Vj Kearny sL
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$4C0; stock at Invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20*4 Kearny st.
I A— $1000: CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
Et. ; rent $25; place established many years
and doing a good business: value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A — $600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: es-.
tabllshed years; first-class paying: located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $S00; COFFEE saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; rent $50; no Sunday or night work,
and clearing above $200 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE. "iC 1^ Kearny st.
A — $650; SALOON close to Kearny and Call-
foraia 6ts.: rent $30; good paying business;
full value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE. 20V4
Kearny 6t. -
A — $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth St.; rent $20: living rooms; fine
- opening for man and wife. Call h. G.
WILKE, 26*4 Kearny et. %
A— $1000: BOARDING-HOUSE ami saloon,
with 16 furnished rooms; rent $45; 3 years'
lease; established years; located on Mont-
gomery st.: good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.-
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
V Eddy sit., rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodsring-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
J.H.STANTON, real estate and business broker;
l removed from 34 Kearny to ITlVi Market;
j- hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
i $200— PARTNER wanted; light business; 6uited
I to plain, steady man satisfied with $18 to
j S20 a week. 25 Geary st.. room 4.
FOR sale — A first-class merchant tailoring es-
tablishment in country. Apply REISS BROS.
6 CO.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— A first-class saloon man; one with
saloon fixtures preferred. Box 2868, Call.
FOR 'Sale — Tailoring business In the country:
living rooms, furniture, etc.; doinc a good
business. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT— Place for man and wife or
cook and waiter; good business. Box 2S14.
Call office.
I WILL sell or take a partner in fruit store.
243 Fifth et.
CANDY store and factory, with living room,
for sale; account illness. 2474 Mission st.
$600 — FOR sale: the Palace Restaurant, Val-
lejj. Cal.; great chance. P.O. box 275, Vallejo.
FOR sale — Laundry route, horse and wagon;
$200. 3372 Mission st.
$400 — DELICATESSEN; good trade; rent $20.
Call 317*£ Third st.
BARGAIN — Fine corner liquor Btore; near Mar-
ket. See BEN J. GOLDMAN CO., 119 Bush.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale; good loca-
tlon; 3850. Box 2254, Call office.
OTSTER and chop house for sale, 523 Pacific
Et.; prop, has two places; wants to sell me.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia Et.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — Near the Call buildings.
I Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GRIFFIN, 71'J Market st., rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-bouses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
18 r.; new building; rent $60; bargain.. $1000
10 r.; 6 blocks N of Mkt.; 2 floors; heavy
Brussels carpets; golden oak fur.; nice.. $525
12 r. ; rent $55; must sell; a snap $400
14 r. ; rent $45; clears $54; clean $600
13 r. : on Geary St.; 5 blocks of Market; high-
ly respectable; good neighborhood; present
owner been there 5 years; good furniture and
good carpets; no other agent has It for sale;
will take a small house in part pay $1100
7 r. ; rent $16; owner going East; nice.. $300
40 r. ; one of the best houses In S. F. ; elc-
gant; fine location; clears S175 ...$4000
j 28 r. ; permanent, tran.; clears $120 mo. $1400
I 55 r.: central; Income $375 above, rent.$5000
50 r.; rent $140; income $350 per mo. .$4000
100 r. ; elevator; office; clears $400 $7000
I can show you a bona-flde proposition with
Income of $7C8 per month above rent; the
very best investment in this city $8000
36-ROOM hotel and bar $1700
14 rooms; on Mission st 450
! 54 rooms; fine corner; clears $300 4000
! 10-room flat on Post St.; clears $75.... 1000
\ 34 rooms; price 450
'. 14 rooms; worth $800 500
I 10 rooms ; only 300
24 rooms: near Powell and Geary 1850
. 18 rooms : sunny corner 1O00
22 rooms; transient: clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears S1OO , O5O
100 rooms; clears $400 .' r>500
I 37 rooms; on Market st; 2 entrances;
¦ offices: permanent and transient.. 2800
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN
H.C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint 790.
A— FINE FLAT FOR SALE.
10 rooms and bath: downtown, near Post
and Powell: clears $75 menth; payments to
suit. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
CALL OX RETSLOFF. HE CAX SUIT YOU.
8 rooms; owner sick; must sell $175
12 rooms; corner; clears $45 525
100 rooms; grand cor.; clears $500; pymts 5500
21 rooms; Al location: payments 1000
8 rooms; just listed ; good 300
45 rooms; clears ?2O0: exclusive sale.. 2000
i 10 rooms; best in city: payments 600
i Money to loan. : A. H. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. John C3L) 006 Market St., cor. Ellis.
36 ROOMS; corner: Just listed ; income $250.
Particulars see RETSLOFF".
18 ROOMS; well fumlshed'a bargain; clears
$85; price $1250; payments to suit. Retsloff.
AA ATTENTION. BUYERS AA
You may buy any rooming-house in the
! city and pay for it "
' In monthly payments
! From the profits of the house.
I We furnish vacant houses
i And loan money at lowest rates
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
S50 Market gt. Tel. Davis 281.
50 ROOMS: new house: new furniture: cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
! see it. DONALD INVESTMENT CO. 850
; Market Bt.
I BUYERS, If you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or if you want to borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent, call on M. E
j RIVES. 016 Market st.. rm. 69: tel. Main 123.
i A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses. ¦ ail
1 sizes and pricen. in all parts of the city; get
1 our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market 6t4 rooms 1 and
2 — Bargains in lodging-houses; a big list;
nice, choice. Please call and investiga te.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale, $300; cpuse,
death: 17 rooms full; steady roomers. "28%
Clay st. .
i NICELY furnished house. 14 rooms: Howard
: St.: rent ?27 50: price $450. Apply 202 2d St.
: CARPET 'BEATING AXD CLEANING.
j WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
I send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
j ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Et. ; tel. South 40.
! AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. :
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison 6t. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. -
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyToth
floor, 910 Market st; advice free. Tel. Busii
194: able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
j unless pucces'ful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
SPIRITUALIS3I.
; A — C. V. MILLER, world's fammls^materiaJllz^
Ing medium: spirits speak faee to face; seance
1 Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p.m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: "medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1-
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. : Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night ;^also Sun";
. sealed letters ans., 10c; readings, 50c and
$1. 132,SIxth st. •
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin an.I
Gough: shone Larkia 376I — Seances Sun.
Tues.. Thurs.. 8:15 p. m.; -J5c; readings. 10-5
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth Et.; readings dally
EOc and $1: circle every night, 10c. •
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium
every day for short stay. 309 Turk st. •
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se^
ance Friday eve. 325 Eliis st. ; 50c.
GRAND spiritual meeting by MR. SWAN, the
first. .1238 Howard St.. at 8 o'clock.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily-
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
. Meyer; sittings dally; test to ail to-night; 10c.
I CLAIR JTO YANTSl^^J__^
KNOW THY FUTURE ~
I .»-; And prospects for 1902 by consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
! CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. •
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
' domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
| love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
j secret how to control • or influence any. one
• you love or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours. 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
14. first floor. 1104 — MARKET ST. — 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the presenthap-
penlngs and portrays events to occur In the
' future. If you ere in trouble, rtiscontented, un-
happy or not satlsfledin life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
SPECIAL-^lCc and this notice; no long story:
Just what" you want to know; consultation on
all matters; love, marriage, divorce, family
I troubles, sickness;" we convince all. Parlors
1. 2 and 3. 607 Kearny st.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to .everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to S[ p. m. 215 Vj 6th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian, Gipsy, clairvoyant . and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader: born with double veil — second slpht;
diagnoses diseases with Hfe>reading;ladle?50c,
gents SI; palm, and clalr. sit. 1 60. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads vour life correctly without
ques.; full names: 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tolls past, present &
future: L. 25c: G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs
5Oc. $1 — Prof. Welter, clair., palmist, card read-
er: mail orders: stamp,' circular. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; £5c and 50c. 234*4 Sixth st^
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, watpr
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2C2 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluentlv: business
advice: names given: 2S<; tip. f> Fourth st.
DENTISTS.
A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927-Market St..' Emma
Epreckeis bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold nilings, ?1 50; other flll-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of /teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years 1
experience; no students: advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to Op. m.; 'Sundays,
O to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.- Manager.
A NEW plate£-The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental ParlorB. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set or teeth. $4: crowns, $.'{; fillings, 50c.
SET o7 teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815?i Geary, nr.Larkin — Pain-
less eit., 6Oc: plates ?5 up; phone Polk 1133.
DjOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY. canine specialist,
late of New York City, has just located at
90<t Jones St., where he will administer to the
aliments of domesticated animals; office
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 20S5.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELrs C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Miilinery School
Class rates; patterns cut. 1011> Market St.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WmT
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCIw6iro5 r ElScTRICAL' ENGI-
NEERING — Theory demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. 24 Post st., S. K. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES 1 Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free. •
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges;- references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers In account'g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rotl bldg.; individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlning. mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates.
new 00-page catalogue tree. 305 Larkin et.
A FUI-L course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clscj Business College. 1236 Market st.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50"; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell at.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH, French.etcProf.beFlllppe'sAcademy
of Larqruages,320Post;estab'd 1871 -.ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.;. $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine Bt.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded lSftt; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES..
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaningT^cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page. cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeara.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411%. O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 420 Powell. nr.Sutter-.tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires work by the
day; also take sewing home. Call at 2 Miles
court, off California st., nr. Powell, and 313
Sutter; tel..Gr«en 721. :
DRESSMAKER from New York: $2 per day
till established; all work guaranteed ; best
city references; rapid; latest designs. 72S
Devlsadero st.
THOROUGHLY competent . second girl with
references wants position, 'city or country:
wages $25 to $30. Address box 2386, Call
office, Oakland.
YOUNG lady stenographer with experience,
owning ', machine, desires position; salary
moderate: references. Stenographer, 063
Grove St., Oakland. ,
WANTED — By reliable, woman, position, to do
general housework in. American family. 314
Third at. •/•¦•. . ¦. .
YOUNG woman wants position in family of 2;
good cook and worker:", no "washing; wages
$15. Box 2836. Call office..
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED—-FEMALJB.
j WANTED — Posltionuy a competent woman to
j do general housework.- Apply- 515 Ninth St.;
Oakland.' . • -
j A RELIABLE person wishes a situation as
cook; experienced. 1217 Mlgslon st. ¦
'¦ AN educated widow " of o5. Just from Europe,
who speaks perfect French, German and
some English, and - understands sewing and
1 housekeeping, wishes a position. Address
1315 Mission st. .-.-.-
EASTERN dressmaker with latest ideas wants
• work in families; will sew for children; $1 60
a day until advertised. Address MRS. F.,
box 2810, Call office. ¦ .
COMPETENT woman, first-class . laundress,
wants position in private family: excellent
references. Call 1866 Vallejo st. . t
A REFINED lady desires a position as house-
keeper, companion or mother's assistant; ref-
erences. Box 2834, 1 Call. ' .
WANTED — Situation as cook by a responsible
person, willing and obliging; reference. Box
! 283i *. Call office.
I YOUNG lady, French teacher, desires position
; as visiting governess; experience; references.
I Box 2S32; Call.
> EXPERIENCED woman wants place as house-
] keeper: city or country. Call afternoon or
address M. E. F., 1124 13th ave., E. Oakland.
! SITUATION wanted as nurse to child, com-
! panion to Invalid and assist with general
I housework. 120 Fourth st. ¦_
; TOlfNG lady desires position as companion to
I elderly lady. Address box 2816. Call office.
J 'WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
i to $8 week; convenient and respectable; free
I bus and baggage to and from ferry.
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 100<J
I Valencia st. ¦
' EMrLOY MEKT WASTED MALE.
1 MAN and wife wish positions In private fam-
, ily; man to do general work about the
j house or gardener and wife as cook; good
j references. Box 2S70, Call.
I STATIONARY engineer wants position In ma-
chlnery house; good pipe fitter; strictly tem-
1 perate; ice and ref. machinery a specialty.
; ' Address MILLET, 204 Van Ness ave.
MAN experienced in housework wants work by
i day or would prefer steady position In select
! family; city or country; wages low.
t CHARLES H. WALL, box 2866. Call office.
j YOUNG man. 24, married, 3 years' experience
; in wholesale dry goods, would like position
in some retail or wholesale store; best of ref-
erences. Box 28C5, Call office.
j BUSINESS man, stranger in city, will take
any position at any salary and work up; wiU
j give bonds or cash security. Box 2270, Call.
i BARBER with 1}4 years' experience would
like chance to finish trade; age 21; can give
I good references. 1211 Fifth St., Oakland.
1 BANDMAN; professional snare drummer and
barber; steady job in inland town; reliable.
j J. R. BO WEN. 504 Ninth st, Oakland. . Cal.
I FIRST-CLASS baker, foreman, milk or home-
i made bread, wants work. Address Baker,
225 Third St., Oakland. . '"
ORCHARD and vineyard man with team wants
work; can run place. Box 2803, Call office.
POSITION wanted by young man 26 years of
age as bookkeeper or clerk in a wholesale or
retail house, either city or country. Box
2835, Call office. ¦
YOUNG man 20 years of age with 3 years' ex-
perience in butcher business would like to
finish trade; will work for board and small
wages. Box 2848, Call office.
| RELIABLE young man wishes position as clerk
: In grocery store; speaks German. Austrian
! and English; experienced; reference. Box
j 2487. Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes situation; Is thoroughly
famijiar with horses; can speak French, Ital-
ian, Spanish and English thoroughly; prefers
private family. Box 2855. CalL -
GERMAN, middle age, best references, well
acquainted, wants position; grocery store or
similar work. Box 2850, Call office.. ,'
POSITION wanted by bartender: good appear-
ance, steady, etc.; city or country; highest
references. Box 2831. Call office.
PORTER and house man, late at a first-class
hotel In the city, desires work in hotel, pri-
vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
wages no object; reference. Box 2258. Call.
FIRST-CLASS machinist, running engine and
repair any kind of machinery; handy" in
small planing mill; city or country. Box
2802, Call office.
NURSE, with surgical physician's ref. ; oblig-
ing, and satisfaction: always given. F. M.
JONES, 20G V%n Ness ave. ; tel South 857.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and blacksmith and
running, engine; handy at any kind of ma-
chine vdc'rk. Box 2803. Call office.
YOUNG man, age 21, seeks employment; hon-
est' and not afraid of work. Box 2827, Call.
SITUATION wanted by an all-round electrician
and engineer; can do repairing; have tools
and test instruments; would like steady posi-
tion; temperate. Address' Electrician. 3316
Twenty-sixth st.
GOOD gardener, with 14 years' experience,
would like position in a private family; can
speak only German, French and Italian. Ad-
dress G. TSCHABOLD, 329% Green st., S. F.
YOUNG . man, Japanese, trustworthy, j most
economical, good cook, or first-class waiter,
wishes position; spea^e good English. W.
O. K.. 403 Dupont st.; three days.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Filimore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st. . •
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken In payment
for services; good propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated ; stocks anil bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
flats T_q __ let - .__'_,
A — 10 TO 20 days' free rent to desirable ten-
ants of brand new, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 2
grates, sunshine in every room, social room,
nice yard, 4 car lines. Apply SPECK & CO.,
067 Market et. , '
OAK. 1909 — Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; never been used; frescoed ceilings,
marble vestibule;' all modern improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
FLAT of 5 rooms with modern improvements.
911 Filbert St.; rent $13. ;
FLAT. '6 rooms, $11; also cottage, $10. Key
623 Second et.. near' Brannan..
furniture: for sale.
SOME furniture and Bruijse's carpet; all same
as new; Saturday morning, 8 to. 9. 1131
Geary st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 CO. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. -1127-1131 Market.
' FOR sale — Floor covering of new 8-room flat
used 4 months. Apply 1654 Golden Gate.
FOR sale — Fine piano $45, cost $650, and dln-
lng-room set cheap. 1622B Howard St. ;
ELEGANT new furn. & carpets; will sell whole
or part. 1912 Flllmore. near Bush; flat 3.
FURNITURE WANTED.
a7 WOLLPERT. 773 "Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 133t
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the wo. id;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Arizona, free fare..., ......$25
2 head waitresses .'. . . ; $35
C waitresses, new hotel; for 1st mo.... ..$25
Waitresses, hotel, Los Angeles, half fare,
must.be familiar with check system in cafe
.work, sleep out, $8 week, fare advanced...;
4 chambermaids. Southern California, half
fare paid '...". •¦ $20
Fancy ironers, Southern California, half fare
paid ..;.. $30
20 waitresses, city and country.... :..$20-$25
Cook, ¦ first-class ¦ private boarding-house. . . •
............ ....;................... $35-$4O
Laundress, plain hotel .... .: ..$20
........ FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
A genteel lady to take care of 2 children, 7
and 9 years, and do second work, will be
treated as one 'of the family, $20, see party
here, country; parlor maid and waitress. $25;
cooks, housegirls. second girls, nursegirls,
etc., $15-$25.......V.
C. R. HANSEN. & CO. ..... . .'.104 Geary, st:
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
16 waitresses, city and country hotels, $20
and $25; 2 restaurant waitresses, $6" and $8 ai
waek; 4 chambermaids' to wait. $20.
. . . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...
. Cooks, housegirls.' second girls of all nation-
alities, city and country; cook; 4 in family,
j $30. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
! A CHAMBERMAID, $7 a week _ and room.
I --'¦-¦ MRS. M.--E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st;
j WANTED — An experienced fur machine oper-
ator. Apply ROBERT WALLACE, 219 Grant
» avenue. ¦ : . .
j FEMALE-— Con^
WANTED— 3 cooks, small wash, $30; 2 maids
and seamstress.- $25; chamber work, private
family, $20; C second girls. $20-$25; 2 nurse-
girls, $20-$25; nursery governess, $25; 5
chamberwork. wait one meal. $20; restaurant
waitresses, $7-$8; general . housework. 2 in
¦family, San Rafael, see party here • to-day.
j $30; second girl. Menlo Park, $25; 1 cham-
bermaids, $9 week, sleep home; 6 housework
i girls, Alameda, $25-$30; 30 girls for all kinds
of housework, $20 $25 $30. Apply to J. F.
.CROSETT & CO.. *334 Sutter st.
WANTED — GIRLS and WOMEN at S. F.
. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE to learn hair-
dressing trade thoroughly in 2 weeks; course
$5, including manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment,- bleaching, dyeing, ventilating,
weaving, switch and - wig making; positions
guaranteed graduates; no fake promises; our
pupils our living advertisement, filling posi-
tions all over city; 5 positions leading stores
open to those entering now; girl not knowing
trade in 2 weeks, money back: day and eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont St.: no experience
necessary: good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Girl for general housework;, small
flat; 3 adults; wages $15; German or Ameri-
can girl preferred; call mornings. 911 De-
visadero St., near McAllister.
YOUNG woman to assist plain cooking, light
housework; family of 2 young men; good
_home; wages $15; references. Box 2862. Call.
NEAT girl for general'Tiousework and cook-
Ing. $20. Call after 3:30 p. m. at 2814 How-
ard Bt.
WANTED — Lady in office to do writing. RO-
MAINE. G40 Golden Gate ave. .
WANTED — A girl for upstairs ¦ work. Apply
.-807 Franklin st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2504
California st.
.NEAT young girl; light second work; wages
$15. 703 Broderlck St.. near McAllister.
APPRENTICE with some experience on coats.
344 Tehama st. .
YOUNG woman to wash napkins and wait at
table - B12 Kearny st.
A NEAT girl for second work and sewing.
1180 O'Farrell st.
WAITRESS; also noon waitress; call early;
; no Sunday work, y 511 Brannan St., nr. 4th.
¦ COMPETENT, reliable woman for housework
i and cooking in. dressmaker's home. 209 Turk.
I GIRL for' general housework • and cooking;
j small family; references. Box 2871. Call.
! WANTED — A girl to. take care of 1 child; must
sleep home; wages $12. 816 Sutter st.
CAL. College of Hairdressing and massage; ac-
knowledged superior to all others; •'iris re-
quested to visit our classrooms and see our
work: our pupils are our living* ad vertls--
ment. Call Supreme Court bldg., 305 Larkin
st, take elevator.
AN elderly German lady to take care of two
children: must have some experience as gov-
erness; state religion;. salary, $30 and found.
Box 2994, Cail office.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; ref-
erences required. 2198 Geary st, corner
, Devlsadero.
A WHOLESALE house requires the services of
a refined, capable woman; outside work; ref-
erences required. Box 2826. Call.
GIRL for light housework; $10. 1309 Treat
avenue.
GERMAN girl for light housework; good home.
3364 Nineteenth st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses. Apply 911 Kearny st.
A GIRL for general work In bakery. 234 Sixth
• street. , _.
GLOVEMAKERS on Eurekas; also apprentices;
steady. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market st.
GIRL wanted to assist at housework. £223
Clay st.. corner Buchanan.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages
$20. Apply 90G O'Farrell st. , -
WANTED — First-class pants finisher at 8
Grant ave., upstairs.
GIRL; mv window cleaning, no -washing:: small
family; $15. 1676 Post St., near Buchanan.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOUti
¦ Valencia st.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A — MURRAY & READY Phone Main B84S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.
2 brickmasons for a mine.... $90 and found
Brlekmason, country $3 day and found
Woodworker, .country shop.. $40 and' found
4 pruners,, orchard and vineyard.. $1 50 fare
Bolt maker; furnace man; young man to
work in stable and deliver rigs. .$20 and fd.
! TIEMAKERS— CHEAP FARES
15 tiemakers for a new camp, virgin timber,
10c each, reduced fares; 10 woodchoppers,
picket and post makers.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, country shop.. $12 a week and found
Baker, country shop $40 and found
I German waiter, country hotel.. $30 and found
I Cook, small ranch $30 and found
j MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
I STARCHER and polisher, fare advanced, $12
! a week and Increase; carriage blacksmith, $3
to $3 50 a day; farmer, $30; piano player for
country: 2 farmers and wives, $35 and $40;
coopers. $30 to $35 and found; carriage setter
for mill. $60 to $75; fruit farmer. $30. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., G28 Sacramento st.
BUTLER with city references, $40; cooks,
. waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
t)"28 Sacramento st.
CLERK to do office work with oil company
near Bakersfleld; must understand stenog-
raphy and typewriting; good penmanship and
references required; young unmarried man
only need apply; wages $60 per month and
lodgings free; state age. Address box 2861,
Call office. . .
WANTED — Two young men not over 20 years
of age, who sing and play either banjo, man-
dolin or guitar, to travel with medicine com-
pany: must have a repertoire of songs. Call
and bring instrument at 12 o'clock noon to-
day (Friday). 40 Ellis St.. room 25.
L]TFE chance for a sober, steady, trustworthy
young man as partner In groceries, fruit, veg-
etables, . candies, nuts, cigars anil tobacco
store; best location in Oakland; $375 re-
quired. 775 Washington St., Oakland.
WANTED — A young man thoroughly acquaint-
ed with the stationery business as salesman;
good salary to right man. Apply MILTON
HEYNEMANN. 415 Montgomery St.. S. F.
STRONG boy, white. 17, to assist Janitor and
black boots; wages and commission; can
learn barber trade. Room 61S, 328 Montgom-
• ery st. ' ;v:r< V:!
WANTED — Reliable man with $125. not afraid
of work, for a plain, every-day business that
will pay about $70 per month; no experi-
ence required, j Apply 765 Market St., room 3.
BARBERS — The Langham Hotel barber shop
will be sold to-day to the highest bidder, be-
II tween 10 and 12 o'clock. DECKELMAN
BROS.' Supply House, 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — Bright young man from 17 to 20
' years of age; must be good at figures; state
age and salary expected. Box "804. Call.
WANTED — A first-class coatmaker: price $8
nnd $10 upward; no fare paid. Address P. O.
box 41. Truckee. Cal. ' > ¦ .
YOUNG man us partner; must be willing to
learn . the trade. VANDERKAAY'S photo
studio, 629 Union st.
BRIGHT boy about 18 to work as talking ma-
chine salesman ; experience . not necessary.
Call bet. 10 and 11. 769 Market st.
ELDERLY man to do chores on small place in
Upper Fruitvale. Address H. HERTZEL,
Fruitvale P. O.. CaL
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet. 8- and 11 a.' m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
617 Montgomery st.
BARBER wanted. 644 Clay st. . '
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 582 Sixth st.
I WANTED — Bootblack for Saturday and Sun-
I day. 202 Fourth st. .
BRIGHT, intelligent office boy for large whole-
sale and retail store. Box 2838. Call.
BARBER" wanted for -Saturday and Sunday.
! 105 Tenth st. .¦',:. . «
EXPERIENCED. cigar salesman for city; good
1 ¦ opportunity for "the right man. Box 2849,
. Call office , ' . .
WANTED — A block butcher,' $35 a month and
found. 3318 Mission - st. •
GOOD barber for Saturday ¦ night and Sunday;
steady: $4. 1310 Castro st. » • ,
I YOUNG man or . boy to learn barber trade.
1 799 Geary St., corner Hyde. ' ' .
WANTED— Strong boy about IS for wholesale
v house. Address, stating age, box 2857, Call.
s WANTED— A good barber at 1541 Geary st.
BOY wanted about 17 years old. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. .. 106 E1IU st
WANTED— A good barber • for Wednesdays.
Saturdays and Sundays. 681 Geary st :
YOUNG man about 17 or; 18 years 'for men's
furnishing store. ¦ ~A. B., box 2804, Call.
1 MAN; to work on fruit ' ranch ; ranch can be
' rented ir deBlred. y. Box 2822, Call.
HELP WANTED — HI ALE— Cnr*.
WANTED — Honest man with $250; tend cash
in restaurant; no experience; $50 month and
board; big snap. BROWN.,1221 Market st.
"WANTED— Reliable young* man with $150
cash; no experience necessary; $15 week;
steady place. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market.
25c BARBER shop and baths In prospering
country town; strictly first class; pay in?
best wages year around. STOLTZ, 723
Market st. ,
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Elli3 St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory: state salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks: tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber Coltege. Los Angeles. Cal.
.WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers in de-
mand: only requires S weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. C35 Clay st.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. B63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shop for sale;
good business. Apply at Call office.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St.. nr.5th
PENSION atty.. E.' A. Bullis. -3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 5C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading* rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1030
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGOSS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc; Ruction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a., m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — At Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy St.. 6
cheap work horses, 4 sound horses, weight
1200; fine surrey horses.
CARLOAD heavy wagon horses; also 10 head
good livery horses. Santa Clara Milk <_»..
721 Howard st.
BIG mare, $15; horse, $20; buggy, $25; single
• coal wagon, $40. 79 City Hall ave.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
,HEINEMAN'S. 109 Sansome st.
WANTED — Good . 2-horse hay wagon. 42rt
Ninth st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 5S2 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBS.EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COMFORTABLE 4-room bouse; rent 812. 209
Hickory ave.
BROADWAY. 1930, near Laguna— Eight rooms,
bath: fine marine view; rent $42 50.
HOUSES FOB SALB.
NEW modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement, yard. Portola. off Waller,
bet. Pierce and Steiner. Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMEXT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this Interests you — •
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 39. 139 Post St.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Wednesday, Jan. 15, 1902, about 4 p.m..
on east side along Kearny st., from Hardie
place, to Bush, to Montgomery, to Occidental
Hotel, small roll of gold notes. Finder liber-
ally rewarded at L. A. GL\COBBI'S. 21C
Kearny st. '
LOST — A fox-colored collie dog; white spot
under neck and black spot on tail. Return
to lire department stable. Tenth and Channel
sts.. and receive reward.
LOST — Diamond studded fob, watch attached,
in the vicinity of Hotel Mateo, San Mateo.
Liberal reward on communication to box
2837. Call office.
LOST — Gold locket: monogram H. D. D. ; gen.
tleman's picture Inside. Return to No Per-
centage Drugstore. 949 Market st.. and re-
ceive reward.
LOST — Thursday morning, on either Franklin
or Market sts., purse containing money, keys
and rosary beads. Finder please address box
2872. Call.
LOST — Small fox terrier: Oakland license 5S0
on collar. Return to 420 Eddy St.; receive
reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of DORA BOHLKEN;-Na 208-167.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A fawn-colored greyhound. Friday, at
Jackson and Hyde sts. Return to J. MAN-
NING, O shed. Fourth and Townsend sts.,
and receive reward.
LOST — Tuesday afternoon, a black pearl squir-
rel scarf pin; feet and tall gold and white
pearl between front paws. Please return 540
Parrott building and receive liberal reward.
FOUND— Small gold watch: engraved M. E. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE. Yosemtte House.
IT wlil'pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
. nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and Bllver to make new watch cases.
. MACHINB WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415% Sacramento St.,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8, 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing- to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
: MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned' and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
; . aiEDicAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and-.in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice en all subjects of a deli-
cate nature;. all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to th.-s longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist:
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. , 410 O'Farrell yt.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business ;
home in confinement. 112 Mason st. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave. . - : r^»
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home, 006 Market St., opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. 112G Market et., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office, 122S Market St.; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama St., nr. 26th;
treatment $5 to $10;avofd delay -.none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
'. MIXES AMJ MIMAG.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner blg~S~.
F. ; branch office, Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALfil
! BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTQSH & WOLPMAN. 195^197 Fremont at.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*
ets WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear gt. *
WALLPAPER 3e, worth 10c: paperhangin?
painting." MERIGAN. 1302 Webster St.; tel.
Jackson 1321. '
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented.' The
¦Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A— $3 50 DERBTind Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR S/^B-- C«u».
LOT 2d^no r plpe. all sizes: cheap; also new
lot beltins; half price of regular goods. lU
S. WHITE, 616-520 Mission st. /
npvrq Mack suits for mourners rented for
$2 60 Mlsnt Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
st.. cpstalrs.
GEM pans for school. 2 for 5c. GITSHAM'S.
905 Valencia. 2S4i? Mission.
RARE talking silver gray African parrot, with
cage; beautiful bird; $50. 1019 Sutter at.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS launches, rowboata carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. '_
"WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
FAIP.BANK'S 10-tcn hay scales: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1815. worth $250. only
$90. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton St.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 5a Pcrt-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. _____
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $3.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-han«f.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers: oak:
complete: cheap. 1015 Mission, nr. Fiffjpth.
EAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHVv'ERDT. 521 Mission at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<1-hand moving plc-
tures. BVT.LARD & BRKCTC. l.'.l Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205. Call offlca.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
BIO prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 2-1 Stockton.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY. t"03 Examiner building.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
* on first and second mortgages ......
Life Interests in estates .........
Property being held in trust .......
. Undivided interests In real estate .....
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
Financial problema of all sorts and size...
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. CPU Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5y» & 6 per cent In sums to suit:
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties: loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
MATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R McCOLGAN
....24 Montgomery et.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests. »ecurities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established la 1363;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan,
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt.: tel. Black 3171.
/ ___—
MUNICIPAL Loan Office.- 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 818
Market st. r tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates: private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonew.
On real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 027 Market, room 611.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room W.
ONE per cent on furniture: -55 a month on each
$1000; any security. :{02 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 600 Examiner bids.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 uo on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 0 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th flr.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
cornmis. ; confidential. Whltelfead, 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
' counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
OS furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON" salaries without Indorser: other proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Pholan bid,;.
MOSEY WASTED.
$2000 OR $3000 wanted on second mortgage.
Box 2S59. Call office.
31USICAL IX STRUMEXT8.
THE month of January Is a '/special sa j o "
month for all who buy pianos from us, as
we take our annual invoice February 1 and
want to turn out as much stock as possible.
Improve this opportunity to get one of the
best pianos made for a price not much more
than a cheap-grade instrument is often sold
for. AH our pianos are fully warranted.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769
Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most rellabl*
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month ; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter «ts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
Hamilton pianos.
EPKILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON^ MAUZY. 303-310-313 Post* st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ *
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
A Hamlln. Vose. pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up. credited if purchased:
installments $3 up: big allowance for old
pianos; bargains $25 up In Steinways. Heine.
Chickering. etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $«5; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ. $35; Steinway
square. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275: Bech-
etein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth 8t.; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back anv time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHI.ER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st; established 1S50.
A STECK. Everett, Hardman. Ludwljj. Pack-
ard. Klngsbury or Smith & Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.'
ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $100 up-
ward: values best In. the city. PIERCE' S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos- dirt
cheap., WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
PIANO, pianola and music left on sale- no
reasonable offer refused. 217 Geary st. -
PRIVATE party will sacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 595 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos, $:$ per month*
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
$150— ON sale, upright grand; cost $600; make
cash offer. Room' 38, 217 Geary st.
S 1 '"*— A HARE chance: fine upright. SCHMITZ,
lb McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
$1?5--SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$i5; Erard upright. Hornnng. 216 McAllister.
ST 4?t E t R t T 25 vlollns - -"hers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFFS. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonlngery Schubert and Steinway bargains.
CH . E , AP ?^ T an <J best in America— The Weekly
Vt 1 jf e _P a 8es. sent to any address In tfee
United States or Canada one year for $t.
XEW HYGIEMC TKEATMEST.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 007 Van Ness
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.
OIL. ~
OIL .tanks, second-hand. In good crier: ait
•izes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 619 Missio* -»Webster Gets a Gold Watch.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to time, we
would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of I tickets to see that their tickets
read as follows: .
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO, OR
GANIZED JANUARY. 18S7.
Each coupon will bear the initials in ¦ large
letters "M. & F." on the face of the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany, drawing January 11, .1902: : No. 2878
wins $7500, sold In San Francisco. Cal. ; No
22071 wins $2000, sold in San Francisco, . Cal '•
No. 77550 wins $lCOO.^sold in San Francisco,
Cal • No. 20138 wins $500, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal.: Nos. 19420 ;and SSG4'Jeach wins
$250. sold in San Francisco, Cal. ; Nos. 1956S
4<m2, 77775, 82196 and 94S41 each wins $100
soli-in San Francisco, Cal.. •
The Original Little Louisiana Company of
!• an ; rancisco, organized January,
1887.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
The steamer Queen sailed yesterday for Vic
toria with an assorted merchandise cargo for
British Columbian ports valued -at $7110. The
cargo included the following merchandise and
produce: - '
20.058 lbs oil cake meal. 11,340 lbs malt, 750
lbs raisins, 17,750 lbs dried fruit. 714 lbs bread,
1988 lbs chocolate, 51 cs arms and ammunition,
14 pkga drugs, 25 pkgs paints and oils, 359 lbs
cheese, 3 pkgs leather, 320 lbs codfish, 18 pkgs
hardware, 10 pkgs groceries and provisions, 6
bdls wire, 9 pkgs machinery, 230 bxs paste, 294
pkgs fresh fruit, 100 lbs spices, 45 bdls wood
pulp, 130 pkgs groceries and provisions, 309 gals
wine, 1 cs leaf tobacco, 3960 lbs coffee, 56 rolls
paper, 12 pkgs fresh vegetables. .
The steamer also carried 50 cs canned goods
for Brisbane, Australia, valued at $150.
The British ship James Kerr was cleared yes
terday for , Queenstown for orders, - with 83,345
ctls wheat, valued at $86,200, ' and 20,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $320.
Exports to British Columbia.
Wheat for Europe.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ventura,
which sailed yesterday for , Sydney - and way
ports, carried merchandise for Australia valued
at $70,453; New Zealand, $44,130; Samoa. $2370;
South Africa, $0004. The following were the
principal exports.
To Australia — 42 cs ammunition, 5 pkgs bot
tled beer, 33,600 lbs bluestone, 6000 ctls barley,
128 cs boots and shoes, 100 cs canned goods,
7400 lbs codfish. 2315 lbs coffee. 6810 lbs dried
fruit, 12 pkgs dry goods, 132 pkgs drugs, 1004
doors, 22 . pkgs groceries and provisions, 26
pkgs hardware, 22,734 lbs hops, 45 bales hose,
60 cs mineral water, 234 pkgs metal polish, 27
pkgs machinery. 8 pkgs leather, 30 bales over
alls, 80 cs paint, 1250 lbs -raisins, 1400 cs 50
pkgs salmon, 1000 lbs dried shrimps, 2700 lbs
starch, 8220 lbs salt j fish, 40 pkgs scales and
parts, 11 crs sewing machines, 37. pkgs type
and printing material. ¦ . -- ¦
To New Zealand — 18 cs boots- and ""shoes, 31
pkgs bicycles and sundries, 2900 lbs, codfish, 080
cs canned goods, 3608 lbs coffee, 800, lbs choco
late, 41,269 lbs 20 cs dried fruit, 67 pkgs elec
trlcal supplies, 10 pkgs fresh fruit, 113 pkgs
groceries and provisions, ,770 lbs hops, 165 cs 30
pkgs metal polish, 37 pkgs machinery. 31 bales
overalls, 2S9 bdls paper, 34,035 lbs 50 bxs rai
sins, 646 cs 41 pkgs salmon, -509; lbs seed, 13
pkgs saddlery, and harness, 6440 'lbs tobacco,
6-10 lbs salt fish, 1100 lbs 3 cs cereals.
To Samoa— .7200 ft lumber, 104 cs -4 pkgs sal
mon, 9 pkgs millwork, 4652 lbs' rice,- 20. crs po
tatoes, 2S pkgs drugs, 2 cs paint. 2 cs liquors,
45 cs coaf oil, 25 cs canned goods, -5 pkgs dry
goods, 8 pkgs hardware, 4 coils rope, 152 lbs'
lard, 9 pkgs wagon material, 324 lbs ham. 15
bbls flour, 13 kegs nails. 46 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 900 lbs bread, 209 lbs coffee, 5 bales
To South Africa— 12,000 lbs dried fruit, 1235
cs canned fruit, 1170 cs canned salmon.
In addition to the general cargo the steamer
carried. a shipment of 1000 Mexican dollars for
Samoa.
The Ventura's Cargo.
' The British ship Puritan loads wheat , at Ta
coma for Europe, 35s. Chartered prior to ar
rival.
The small French bark Duchesse Anne, 1114
tons, is chartered for wheat to Europe, 20a 6d.
The French bark Francois d'Amboise -Is char
tered for wheat to Europe at 28s Od. - - •
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners aud
NEWS OE THE OCEAN.
WASHINGTON, "Jan. 16.— The Senate
Committee on ¦ the j Philippines torday had
under • consideration: the 1 Ho9Se p Philippine
bill, .but. on the: reqjfeyt 6r.:t.he, Democratic
members for more ~,time"*ad3ourned until
next Monday ; without-retorting the bill.
All the amendments suggested by the
Republican members -were- adopted. The
most important of these amendments re
duces to the extent of 25 per cent the rate
of duty collected upon Philippine articles
coming into the United States and alsp
provides for a further reduction equiva
lent to the export duty charged on such
articles when shipped from the Philip
pines. The 25 per cent reduction is ac
complished by providing for the payment
of 75 per cent of the duty required by the
Dlngley tariff act. The provision con
cerning the export duty Is as follows:
The rates of duty which are required hereby
to be levied, collected and paid upon products
of the Philippine archipelago coming into the
United States shall be leas any duty or taxes
levied, collected and paid therein upon the ex-.
portation thereof from the Philippine archipel
ago as provided by the act of the United States
Commission under such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
Another amendment permits the em
ployment of -foreign vessels in the inter
island traffic as well as In the traffic be
tween the United States and the islands.
Still, another amendment strikes out the
House provision authorizing the with
holding of the cost of collecting Philippine
taxes and duties, thus requiring the
gross amount instead of the net amount
to be deposited in the special Philippine
fund.
An administration amendment suggest
ed by the Treasury Department was
adopted as follows:
Merchandise in bonded warehouses or other
wise In the custom or control of the officers of
the customs, upon which duties nave been paid,
shall be entitled on shipment to the Philippine
Islands within three years from date of the
original arrival to a return of the duties paid,
less 1 per cent on merchandise upon which du
ties have not been paid, may be shipped with
out the payment of duties to the Philippine
Islands within ¦ said period under such bonds
and regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Senator Lodge of the committee ex
pressed the opinion after the committee
adjourned that a report on the bill would
be secured on Monday. He also said the
total reduction- made by the committee on
Philippine sugar coming into the United
States would amount to 35 per cent.
The Democratic ; members of the com
mittee did not suggest any amendments,
but it is understood they will press for a
further reduction of rates.
After the committee adjourned the
Democratic members of it held a con
ference and decided to present a minor
ity report to • the Senate recommending
that so long as the Philippine Islands re
main a part of the territory of the United
States free trade be permitted between
the islands and this country, and urging
that the islands shall- be put upon an in
dependent footing at as early a day as
possible, when they will suggest that the
Dlngley rates charged on Philippine im
ports.
The Democrats are urging the commit
tee to grant hearings on the bill.
Several Changes '. Suggested
. by the Republicans Are
. Adopted. ¦
Senate Committee Takes
Up House Measure for
Consideration.
No. Prize. |No. Prize. INo. Prize.
46..... 40 109 24 274 40
352 24 441..... 40 481 1«
CS3...*.. 24 £40 40 895 1«
S06. 10 897 24 95t>..... 1«
952 24 075 1G IOCS 21
1118..... 24 1227 16 132S..... 80
1332 1G 135)1 24 143»..... 1*
14C8..... 16 1JHS 16 1C14 i 24
1C84 21 1709 SO 1856 / 1C
1912..... 10 15>21 80 2078 24
2179 24 22;».... . 24 2-J40 80
2406 40 2414...:. 1G 2418 40
2426 10 2505 8O|27S1 * 4©
2S21 SO 23K5 101 2878 30000
2881 80 2S86 120(3005 16
3104 16 3114. 1C 3426 If.
3450 24 3499..... 40 3008 "» 24
3650 16 3«83 16 3684 " IS
3741 . 16 4032 40 4046 24
4077..... 80 4084 1U 4134 120
4259... '.. 40 4356... J. Hi 4372 21
4497 1« 4577 1«| 4650..... 10
4833 40 4973 . 24j 5009 15
5038 24 50S0..... 40 5306 1«
5556 16 5637 ' 24 6»!Kl 16
!M5C8 16 5603..... 40 57S2 ,- 24
r>943..... - 24 6008 16 0119..... 24
6134 16 6140 24 6202 40
6256 10 6276 40 0348 IB
C3S1 24 6403 "IS CS18 40
C527 16 65S8 10 «7.%6 24
«7U5 24 6S0S 16 CS58 lft
6961. .\.. 24 7048 24 7073 18
7112 21 7287 24 "SfiO 16
7527 10 7736 16 7970 1«
8007 16 8022 16 8310 24
8350 16 S385 10 S4:!fl 24
8500 24 8804 24 fKWS lft
0211 80 9246 40 0277 10
O4O.5 16 9407..... 10 9000 24
0630 16 9738 40 9853 24
9S50 16 09S8 80 10020 40
10074 24 10226..... 24 10275 40
10394 80 10463 24 10857 24
11013 16 11319 16 11346 24
11429 16 11438 24 11514 40
11531 16 11583 24 11055 24
11706 80 11743 16 11708 16
11877 16 12048 80 12087 40
12125 24 12144 16 12206 18
12394 16 12520 40 12554 40
l."060 24 13222 40 13237 ..... 16
13418 SO 13311..... 1613505..... 24
13033 80 13S90 24 13S91 24
14195 40 14199 24 14338 120
14361 24 14418 16 14482 24
14544 16 14568 24 14801 16
14810 16 14827 .16 15159 40
15280...... 16 16373 40 15464 24
15581 24 16014 80 16078 10
•16336 24 16344 24
16381 16 16512 16 166CO 24
16684 16 16762 24 16825 80
16921 40 17026 12OI17111 16
17124 24 17135 16117179 16
17241 40 17248 16117305 16
17516 1617554 16|17804..... 24
17814 24 17852 24117907 16
17947 16 17999 40118034 80
18040 80 180S2 SO 18233 16
18339 16 18351 16 18430 16
18431 40 18586 80 18615..... 18
18601 24 18771..... 24I18S3S 40
18897 24 1S920 40119186 16
19277 16119417 16 19420 1000
19530..... 24 19568 400 19572. 16
1»&*1 24 19«93 ltt 19829 16
20041 40 20138 2000120295 16
20401 16 20410 24120413 40
20458 2120532 .24 20569 24
20601 24 20657 24 20707 16
20856 24 20872 16 20873 80
20905 24 20066 16 21078 16
21120 1621277 1621347..... 16
B1438 10 21475 16 21644..... 80
21845 8021S63 16 21903 16
21965 2422069 24 22071 8000
22166 40 22217. 24 22477 16
22032 1622646 40 22783 80
22893 40 22088 16123027 80
23058 16 23110 40|23236 40
23256 40 23292 16 23346 16
23516 .. 16 23624 16 23663 16
23673 12023682 1623743..... 16
23769..... 4023780...... 16 23834 40
23S57 80 23870 40 23067 16
24169 16 24280 • 16 24434 ,40
24523..... -24 24597 16 24625 16
246(57 24 24853 24 24869 16
24S83 120 24983 24 25138 16
25246 10 25261 16 25272 16
25295 16 25330 10 25361 40
25541 16
25728 24 25756 24 25940 1 P.
25957 102C038 80 26079 18
26094 16 2K207 4o'2tt417: 16
26431 24 2CC96 . 16 2US92 24
26972 16 27122 24 27199. 1»5
27300 16 27304 16 27331 go
27380..... 16 27400 16 27461 80
27G13 16 27730 16 27743 16
27770 1627S17 16 27863 16
27958 .1628057 10i2S091 120
28213 24 28271 16125507 40
2S772 16 2S811 40128872 1«
28920 16 20018 1612923ft 16
2»296 .24 29322 24I294S1 40
20520 16 29572 24 29577 40
29712 40 29786 40
29917 16 29922 40 30020 1C
.30023 1630035 8030050..... 16
30255 24 30482 24 30561 16
30609 16 30702 24 30745 24
30749 1630763 16 30796 16
31167 80 31232 80 31378 24
31385 10 3U39J.... 24 31540.. . 16
31642 24 31748 24 31848 16
31914 1032034 24 32188 80
32193 2432403 80 32642 120
32699 4032701..... 40 32765 16
32794..... 16 32829 16 32840 ! 1«
?.:iS66..... 8033048..... 16 33155 24
33291..... 1633614 1613647 21
33681 120 3:1697..... 24 S4106 80
34265 24 34291 24 34444..... 40
34453..%.. 16 34500 . 16 34546 2*
24550 8034608 16 34638 24
34667 16 34736 24 34752. 40
34759 24.34779 2434833..... IB
34S56 16 34933 24 34941..... 16
34953 4035029 120 35110 4C
35307 24 35357 16 35367 . 16
35577 16 35725 24 35764 16
35899 2435981..... .24 35999 16
36029 . 16 36191 16 36214. ... 16
36415 1636421 16 36437 40
36468..... 40 36547 40 36555 16
36653 16 36730 40 36854 18
36963 16 36095 40 37072 .... 40
37086 2437151. " 40 37155 80
37986 24 3S015 16 38120 16
38131. 80 38133. 16 38412 24
38491 4038672 80 38833 40
38S52 16 38942 24B8959... 1«
39235 40 39304 24 39642 1«
39688 16 39349 40 39916!!"! 21
39964 16 40006 120 40197 40
40225 16 40267 80 40293. 'oi
40382 4040G39 24 40647. " 40
40661 16 40707 16 40715 24
40830 16 40S57 16 41154..... 24
41169 16 41189 . 24 41268 40
41352 i. 16 41359 16 41437..... 24
41439 16 41665 24 41603 24
41719 If. 41744 16 41756 1«
41828 4041903 40 41941 SO
41990 13 42276..... 24 42351 is
42406..... 2442604 1642612..... 40
42686 40 42756 10 42797 24
42818 16 42941 16 42978 24
43234 16432S3 24 43288 16
43321 24434S6 120 43515 J«
435S3 24 43610 24 43628 24
43642..... 1C43735 16 43751 £t
43812 1643862 16 43888 16
43912 16 44001 16 44015 40
44089 1644140..... 24 44154 24
44406...:. 80 44510 16 44531 16
44590 16 44676 16 44724 80
44906 16 44997 16 45139 16
45176 24 45259 24 45349..... 24
45446 16 45537 24 45614 1«
45651 24 45780 24 45808..... 16
45826 16 46064 16 40248 40
46312..... 4.00 46512 16 48594 16
46774 1640922. 24 47187 SO
47438 24 47453 18 47501 , v — 40
47536 4047565..... 16 47705 ! 80
47886 24 47964 "16 47970.. 24
47971 1648014 24 43289 24
48304 24 48416 2448696.. lfi
48996 16 49043 8<> 49071 24
49152 40 49266 It 4*734. SO
49844..... .40 50019 16 50031.. * 40
501S2..... 24 50204 16 50311 i<t
50321. -2450411 80 50536.. 40
50586 40 50654 40 50700. lft
50755 40 50949..... 40 51000.. 24
51150 8051243 . 8051261.... 40
51282 16 51312 16 51457 24
51702 40 51864 16 51059 24
52009 16 52029 24 52052 40
52157..... 16152205 16 52206.. 24
52311 1«|52366 40 52480 ie
C255S..:.. 40 52774 24 52802 40
62845. 16 52847 16 52SC8.. 24
62S70 40 52896 16 52173^.. 40
53275 10 53292 '16 53321 u
53369..,..- 8053413 24 53454 lft
53500 16 53509. 16 53544... . lft
53082 16 53832 40 53874 40
54030..... 40 54070 16 54071.. 24
54130 40 54311 16 54543.. " i«
54782 80 54918 24 54925.. Irt
54970 16 54999..... 16 55296... 40
55393 1655400..... 1655500... 24
55505 4055634 24 55733 ¦ ffi
f)5!)51 -40 55954 40 56070 i«
5K251 16 56255 16 5»529«. . ' " 24
5«320 24(56612 40 5C742... . »«
56763..... -24JW812 1C 56868.. fun
56972 40 57073..... 16 57131 40
57367..... go 557438 ' 403743a...!! fS
57797.'.".'.*.' 40157820..... 24158255., i«
08482. 1203S500 40138589. 1 24
58780 10 58793 16158860.,.;.. *T
58927 16 5.S929 24J58942 t«
59023..... 24159070 16'5021o! ! 24
59272 80159362 16T39399 i«
59523. 10159331 10159557..... 24
59SS3 24!50935 40!3!WS7 40
60525 16I6O7SO 16I60S20 •>¦
61134 24161192..... l«|01206. . . . . 18
61269..... 16161285 80I61S05 1«
61392 24 G1401 80101544. . . . . 24
61T41..... 24 61783 1BI61S52 1«
618S8 80620S3 4OI62117 1«
62156. , 24 62162 1«|K2175..... 120
62265 80 62332 10162493..... 1«
62604 24 62629 24162758 40
62S81 4062905 1«|62922 2t
62961..... 40 63123 16163174 80
63302..... 1663816..... 40163337 24
Prize. INo.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.] T,. '•>
Single Number, Class "A,". Drawn »
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C A. Sat
. . urday, January II, 1902. ,-•<
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co
PHILIPPINE BILL
BEING AMENDED
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by the
president of - the Honduras National Lottery
Company (Louisiana State Lottery Company).
HARTFORD, Conn.. Dec. 24, 1901. — Leo T.
Guthletn. who does business at 33 Pearl street.
In the city of Hartford, State of Connecticut,
solemnly swears that he Is the sole and right
ful owner of one-fourth ticket No. 81,809 of the
Honduras Lottery Company (Louisiana State
Lottery Company), said ticket having drawn
the third capital prize of four thousand dol
lara ($4000). In drawing held at Puerto Cortes.
Central America. December 14. 1001. and that
said money was paid him at Hartford. Conn.,
In United States currency*, without rebate or
expense.
(Signed) LEO F. GUTHLEIN.
Sworn and subscribed to before me. this 24th
day of December. 1901. / •
(Signed) THOSw A. SHANNON.
Notary Public.
$1000 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OF
. .THIRD CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23. 1001.— I am the bon»
fide owner of one-eighth ticket No. 71,770
of the Honduras National Lottery, drawing
held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C. A., De
cember 14, 1901: eaid ticket drew the second
capital prize of $8000 and I have received th«
money In full.
(Signed) A i M. ROSENZVEIG.
CiH 30 Orchard st.
Witnesses: Max Kisllev. G. Silverman.
Sworn to before me.
MAX SALMANOWITCH,
Notary Public, New York County.
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
$1000 FOR 23 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OT
NEW YORK. Dec. 20. 1901 — I am the bona
fide owner of one-fourth ticket No. 71,770 ot
the Honduras National Lottery Company,
drawing of December 14. 1901, which won th«
second capital- prize of eight thousand dollars
($8000) and I received the amount In full with
out discount.
(Signed) METER KABAKOFT,
230 MtmrM M.
Witness: Isaac Friedman.
Sworn to and signed before me.
M. SALMANOWTTH.
Notary Public. New York County.
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE
$2000 FOR 80 CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OF
NEW ORLEANS. La., Jan. 7. 1902— To M.
S. Vanderreis. . Los Angeles, Cal. : Send col
lection with affidavit of owner certified by
(SUroed) NEW ORLEANS NATU BAXK.
The. affidavit for the above will be published
next month. IV
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. «, 19O2 — To New
Orleans National Bank, New Orleans: 'WJIl
you pay thirty thousand dollar prize on pf9
sentation of ticket in Honduras National Lot
tery Company? Wire.
(Signed) M. S. VANDERREI3.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Hon
duras, C. A., this, Saturday. January 11, 1903.
(Signed) W. S. CABELLE, Commissioner.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing class "A," Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
909 numbers ending with 78. being the. two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,000. $8.
999 numbers ending with 71, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $8000. «8.
TERMINAL PRIZES
100 numbers, from 2828 to 2928 Inclusive, be
ing 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,000. $40.
100 numbers, from 22.021 to 22.121 Inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each sld« of the number
drawing the capital prize of $8000. $24.
100 numbers, from 77.500 to 77.600 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000. $19.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
No. Prize. [No. Prise. IXo. Priw.
3341.'..:.-. 8063359 40163386 16
"KKW 40&-U03 12O|(5Tr4O2..:.. 24
'-1S20 40 t;;:r>si» 12O!K17O« -tO
•'.711. 1 .... 40 (W716 8OI6:;S9H 4O
•30.18..... 24 W011 16J64202 16
".1348.,... 1664486 J6|<iJ31!) 80
ft4330 80&1714 40164830 1"
•4883 40 e4!)27 1«I<K>OJ)«. ....- 10
•5:112. • 16fi5.-S8.-1 24IG344T 16
¦54fi3 40 65473 80i«5498 21
•^015 2463636 80:65776 24
K5799..... 24 65S:K5 24 659S2 18
C6012 16 66126 40 66156 18
«M63 1BWK2D2 4I.|G6313 120
C6.T83..... SO KO470 16:66496 ' SO
eOOM { 1666G09 16"6«630 16
CC862 1C6IS08 16|GW>42 1«
KK037 16fi«)84 IS' (Kim 18
'¦'7044 16 67175 24 671S8 120
«7207 40 672S9.:... 40 67363 1«
67384 10 B7542 40 «7831 10
•¦¦7079 16 67745 24*67900 40
i:.S004....i 24CS122 40:68151 40
6S342.... 1 . 24 68405 16168471 40
8tWS5 24 68519 16168558 80
• 8592 16168653 24|6880" 24
CSR69 8O6S072 2HG0O44 1«
60062 40 «>Of« 16H»104 24
69202 16 69279 S016SKS88 lft
eOCOT 24 69610 16X4)768 24
C9S11 80IC9923 120170092 24
7C222 24 70.115 24,70373 10
70530 N 24 70668 1B|7OC6». .... 80
70742 ltti708S5 1UI71077 24
71U82 40171187 1C!714O1 IB
71620 120171603 lfi 720C1 1«
72099 18 7221.3 24172463 80
72474 40 72521 4017265;! 24
72CC1 24 72fi«K> 1«5|72S71 4©
7:JO11 24 73OS4 lfi!7:tlB7..... 18
733OU 40 63461 16173487 *»
7.T49« 1(5 73384 16173623. .... 24
73K26 16 73779 24I7378.S 24
73S1S 80 73851 24!7::9CS 18
7:i95« SO 7:X)K2 12OI74«>17 IB
"4002 16 741.T2 10174104 IV
74U4S 40 74294 1«|74:'.2S 34
74353 80 74433 24171521 10
"4791 16 74S58 40|U87l l r >
749115 • 16 75172 40IT52U1 16
75.H9 24 75603 ie;75770 21
"5S08 24I758O3 16l7r.!>::«. . ... 1«
750CS* 24 7MGS2. .... 16;7eO«« .. 1H
76007 16 76130 40)76222 »0
7G504 80|7630fl 16[7Ci.'© 21
7n;M> 1«|76721 16|767!)1 Ifi
77020 16I77O»» 16,77214 24
772S5..... 4OI77XJ2 24!77:W.S: .... 21
77351 lBI77tS2 letTTSTZ \»
77541 120177350 4OOO',77.V;l...i.- 40
77571..... 1« 77773.. ... 400|77ttSO KJ
77924 24|779S5 16178151 i\
"815t! 24 7S178 40178471..... 2»
<S50« IB 78330 40|7H5o» 40
785S« 16 78656 24 7?ij73 1«
78773 24 78!>16 24 7S001 . . . . . 16
79054 16 79090 SI 1791 00 1«
79148..... 4079217 1C 79351..... Itf
70371 40 !
79417 10 7O47S 80|70151 *l
70464 24 7A«4!i 40173.^53 Hi
7U7.S4 24 7O7S7 1C 70!>iO ISO
79978 120 7!)999 4O'sO212 1«
802.'50 16X0330 «0 S04»0 t«
80436 1680313 40 S0533 24
80606 24*0856 24 81137 *)
81257 10 81383 80 S147» 4l>
81499 16 81R43 lit Ml 740 24
81762 16Sl7fC! 16 S1S03 40
81832 10 82073 80 S2CflO 40
82144 16 8219(5 40C 82305 21
82605 18 S2647 16 82!W>2 8O
82908 16;821Mtf 40 fcSOlO 40
83311...'.. 40 KKK* WMSrT."~.V 2*
83484 18 S--I538 16|KS5.S{» 1«
83673 40IS.TS13 24|S 1838. .... Ifi
83910 40l«-'{0C9 40 S40:S8. .... 80
84173 801.94245 24 S4421 .24
84432 1684400 16 84314 1«
S452O..... 24 84825 24 84610...... f»
84688..... ' 80 84711....'. SO 84720 12O
84752 24 84759 I6:.X40O3 51
8519S ¦ 24!85234 16!£."tiO • 1«
85562 16IS5836 16I8W77 24
$5902 24 S5067..... 80ISf:<>72 1«
86495 16 8B576". 8<V8fiP74 40
87143 4087145 16I871SS 16
87215 24187315 24|S740f> 80
87546 24187644 16187730..... 24
87827 24I8S001 80|*8241 24
88385 24183405 24I8S4S6 4A~
88649 loooiassna..... 24isasos 40
8SS26 24188827 16I8SS74 4O
88028 lBISniSfl SOiMWW 1«
89711..... 16189765;.... l«ffl>$37 40
89945..... 4089934 16"?9977..... ' 1«
90077 24 90172 2t!90«35 24
90710 4010078.8 40I0O818 \ 16
91184..... 24191327 16,91408. .... t«
91564 16191641 24!91645 ; 19
91827 v - ' 24!91831 16191840 24
91844 I 16191870 80)92058 24
92160 40192270 40i9S»8 ._... , 1«
92458 24192463 80(92773. J... 40
»27»S 40t92S7J» 24192917..... 40
02901 16IS20O7 J«l»3325. ..... 1*
93418 24|9343fl 16I936S-1 40
93811 40I93R.S7 40193805 , 24
94022 16lfl411S 24lO438» 24
94419 16I9M5B 24194532 Id
94670 "10194677 24194818 16
94841 40Oi94S5O ir.105000 SO
8-W331 80195636 16I96O13 24
fl«)79 80196082 16IS6174 4ft
06205 lBlnfiSSO 2-tift6386 1«
9R425 .... 16I9657R 24196757..... 16
06819 24I9RO41 24197229 24
97253 .. 2419729ft 1BI9735O. . . .. 40
97370 1«!97414 16I97417 16
97727 40IS7S40 1610793a 40
S7942 .. 16108053 1RI080fl5 4ft
B8215 1«!982«5J> 1«I9«430 40
98492 .... 16l9Sfl28 lft!98743 40
98757 ... 24I98762 l«iaS9»7 IB
f)8858 ..' 16I99062 40I99068 J«
99373'.... 16IMT.74 40!9!M«0 40
09582 16I99737 16'99335 40
99977 16| I
THE SAN FK A K CISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, /JANUARY J7, 1902.
¦ MONTREAL. Jan. 1H— Fire to-day damaged
the Royal Electric Light Company's works and
adjoining buildings to the extent of $50,000.
With the aid of temporary repatra It la prom
ised that the city lighting will not be materially
affected to-nl«ht.
The estate of Jacob Nickels has been
appraised at $175,818 78. It consists of |86.
66S»78 cash, improved property on Golden
Gate avenue near Taylor street worth
$70 000, and property in the Western Ad
dition worth 519. 15O._
The estate of Susan Bassignano is
valued at $17,789 93. The report of the ap.
praisers, ¦¦¦ which was filed yesterday,
shows that she died possessed of $17,740 93
cash and a lot on Athens street, this clty
worth $340. ' tJ t> ¦ ' • •
The estate of Sheldon tPomeroy has been
appraised at $37,671 47. It consists of $14,
4S6 47 cash, stocks and bonds worth $9875,
and real estate in' this city and Alameda
worth $13,300.
Estates Appraised.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
George P. Webster, the popular stage
director. of. the Central Theater, was. pre
sented -with a gold watch and fob at the
close of ¦ the performance Wednes
day night. Yesterday , was Mr. Webs
ter's thirty-ninth : birthday, and his
friends took advantage of this oc
casion to w show their, esteem ¦'¦ and
appreciation v of his j . valuable services !
Manager Charles E. - Cook, on behalf of
the management, employes and members
of the company, presented the token
with an appropriate speech, to which Mr
Webster replied as well as his surprise
would permit him. After the presentation
Mr. Webster was escorted to a downtown
grill, where a banquet was . given in his
honor.
11
NEW « E5TEKIM HOTEL.
C G Anaersffl)4w,PtH J Peterson, lllnn
O A Saaers & w. Ill BE McShane & w.\v"»s
1, P Fensholdt. Denver J Goldensteln & w.Xhy
J A Richardson. Seattl M Dory A w. Chicago
J J Frleley, DavU.S D L A Marre. Sta Crua
J H Frteley & vr. o D G B (>ol'tn?3. Tacoma
O M Thomas. Oakia-i-I B Van Wajrener. Cisco
T> T Davidson, l-enver W Schaaf & w.ValleJo
W F Walker. Chicago O M Wentworth. PetU
S Johnson. Chicago Q Ensrlehart. Reading
1. Gavllng. Minn P J Rrtff. Reading
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFI : .Ch — IlKS HEADWAY.
OAKLVXI) HEAL ESTATE.
$1WX> — BIG bargain; cczy 5-roomed cottage,
with porcelain sink and hot-water, boiler;
sunny side, close to San Pabio ave.: street
work all done. Including stone walks;, all
.newly pappred and painted. Address fcr quick
sale box g:t7S. Call office. Oakland.
. OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, S large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout;. 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn\ fruit and shado trees and
fiowero; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric car? corner Washington and
Eighth come with 1 block. Call or
address 1C59 Xinth ave. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FUR.MTl'nE FOIT^ALE.
FURNITURE Rood and cheap this month. H.
PfHFU.HAAS. 4flS Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOIl IlOUSEICEfclFINC^
GROVeT~42?>A— 2 unfurnished rooms; suitable
fcr housekeeping; $5.
HOWARD. 10G3— 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furn. bay-window rms. ; range; elec. lights.
MCALLISTER, 035, lower — 3 nice housekeeping
rooms; coal and gas stove.
MINNA. 27S— 0-room house, in good order.
Call from " to 4; no agents. ,
OAK. 1 19 — Large sunny parlors. furnished
j housekeeping; range; gas; $15 50; other
rooms cheap.
SILVER. 1C3. near Fourth— 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap. 'j-
VALENCIA, 12S — 3 furnished sunny rooms; al-
cove and kitchen; adults; references; large
porch.
A BRANCH oface for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100(5
Vnlr-r.-la st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Untorn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
tunny; grill attached: 75c day upward: rates
by week or month: McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to fl per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rcomt ; open all night.
BURNETT. 112S Market fold No. 13(54)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.,
ELLIS. 221 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms.
35c, $1 50 night: $1 50, $G wk. ; open all night. '
KLLIS, COO — Xlee sunny suite of rooms; fire-
place In both rooms.
ELLIS, 685, corner Larkin — Bay-window; al-
cove; closet and mantel; light housekeeping.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 622— Nice furnlehed rooms; bath and
eas.
GEARY. 1012. near Van Ness ave — 1 -nicely fur-
nished room; use of kitchen and telephone.
GOUGH. 706 — 2 large unfurnished sunny rooms;
water; stove, gas; use of bath; no children.
GRAND SOUTHERN Motel. 7th and Mission — i
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; EUlt, sirigle: elevat.
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
LARKIX, 804 — Large sunny room; neatly fur-
nished; 1 cr 2; light housekeeping; $6 50.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome tuites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
XEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; ?2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sumy furnished rooms and
office?; elevator: elec. lipfcts; day, week, mo.
POLK, 1C02 — Furnished fiats, suites and single
rooms, cheap ind clean, at the Ivanhoe.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent liqht
reading-room, smekins-rooRi and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. S5c to $1.50; week, $2
to ?8: month, ?S to $30; elevator ju ground
flooi ; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth it.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. '
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. I>en!s=. 24 Turk at.
TURK. 543 — Large front room with open or
folding bed; grate, eas and bath.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Eubscriptlons has been established, at 109S
Valencia et. ¦ . • . . •
CLASSIFIED advertisement!! an- subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
i 3 YOUNG men to occupy nice large room, good
board, $20 each; other nice rooms; sunny
front rooms, with or without board. S30&
Bush st. •
BERTLIJiP, 736 Bush — Elegant sunny Euits;
also single rooms; billiards for amusement
of guests; superior table: terms reasonable.
HOTEL Buena Vista will open to-day; newly
furnished: good table; in warm belt of th«
Mission. 1070 Valencia 6t. '
HOTEL Dennistcn, cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt": free from prevallins
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvicgdale. €2C Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $00; single rooms
•with board. $22 50 up: excellent table.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny single suite;
excellent board: private. 104S Ellis st.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— Hieh-class house;
suites & single: board optional: steam heat.
HOTEL Repeller, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent* table; special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.: 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
ROOMS WASTED.
RESPECTABLE man who is used to general
housework will work for room. Box 2867,
Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from July 1, 1901, to
January 1, 1902: Edna Dussure. 1 year 0
months ; Gertrude Westphiel, (5 years C
months; Helen Westphiel. 4 years 3 months;
Bessie Irwin, 2 years o months; Charles Kat-
to, 4 years 10 months; Violet ICatto, 1 year
11 months; Leo Morres. 5 years 8 months;
Daisy Morres. 3 years 6 months; Pauline
HoxalL 6 years; Elsie Hoxall, 4 years; Kath-
erlne Boyd, 4 years 7 months; Winnie Coal-
mafn, 9 years; Lotta Coalmann, 6 years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann, 13 years; Will
Hllltin, 3 years 10 months ;• George Hilltin,
2 years; Alice Murry. 5 years '5 months; Gei-
tie Murry, 3 years; Robert Murry, 2 years;
Annie Moldo. 5 years 1 month; Edmund
Munny, 5 years 11 months; Mary Caroline
Nowlan, 4 years 11 months; Thomas Dorm,
5 ye&rs 2 months ; Albena Gazano. 8 years a
months; Bernard Rose, 4 years 7 months;
Mary Vogelsange, 8 years; Ruble Denny, «
years; Florence Wall. 3 years; Mary Green,
5 years; Evalyn Segera, 2 years; Mary
Welsen. 7 years 8 months; Loretta Shanahan.
11 years; Ada Whitney, 10 years 11 months;
Charles Buckbee, 6 years; Isabella Maguire,
10 years: Benjamin Pacilla, 4 years 7
months; Lulu Pacilla. 3 years 7 months;
Edward Smith, 6 years; James Smith, 8
years; Roy Smith, 6 years; Ethel Smith, 4
years. ' . *
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from July
1. 1901, to January 1. 1902, the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boya and
girls: Isidor Cohen, 13 yrs. 4 mos.; Flora
Markowitz. 4 yrs. 4 mos. ; Hannah Feingold,
6 yrs. 2 mos.; Henry Feingold, 5 yrs. 0 mos.;
David Feingold. 10 yrs. 4 mos.: Alma Wolff,
7 yrs. 3 mos. ; Sam Bruckner. 8 yrs. 0 mos.;
Eva Bruckner, 6 yrs. 5 mos.; Sam Shaphran,
fe yrs. 11 mo«. ; Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Shaphran. 5 yrs. 4 mos.: Samuel Pud-
lin. 10 yrs. 6 mos.; David Pudlin, 8 yrs. 3
mos.; Harold Levy, 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Clarence
Levy, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Louis Friedman, 9 yrs.
2 mos. ; Henry Friedman, 7 yrs. 1 ma ; Hy-
man Friedman, 4 yrs. 7 mos. ; Madeline R06-
onthaL 'fi yrs. 4 mos.; Florence Rosenthal. 4
yrs.; Ruben Vidaver. 12 yrs.: Matthias Vi-
daver. 10 yrs. 9 mos.; Gertrude Jacobs, 8
yrs. 7, mos.; Mamie Levy. 8 yrs. 4 mos.;
Sarah Levy, 4 yrs.' 3 mos.
i
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been admitted : to . the
asylum — on Kalght £t.->— from .July 1, 1901, to
January 1, 1002: Doris B. Whltehorn, 2 yrs. i
C mos.: Tessle V. Buyck, 9 yrs. 10 mos.; Lena
Schmidt. 7 yrs. 1 mo.: Lena M. Hamberger,
0 yrs.: Harry Klang. 7 yrs.' 9 mos.; Clifford
R. Whitehorn, 6 yrs. 0 mos.: Herbert O.
Seemann. 5 yrs. 4 mos. ; Percy W. Stapleton,
g yrs. 10 mos.; Harry Hamberger, 4 yrs. 5
mos.; James A. Ferguson. '8 yrs. 5 mos.;
Louis Schmidt. 8 yr«. 3 mos. ; Rudolph Bohde,
& yrE. : William Hill. 8 yrs. 4 mos. ; William
Randolph.." yrs. 5 roos.; Herbert W. Bollard,
1 yrs. 1 mo.; Martin ICvalvJg, 10 yrs. 5 mos.
THE following half-orphans have been received
•In the 8. F. 'Nursery for Homeless Children
' flnce last publication: Violet Lumberge. .4
yeara of age; Marion Williams, 2 years of
age; Robert D. llackay, 5 years of age.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
. r!ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
J"Ol"KTH, :;o:j'-. — P\o^? : sria~~b&fsmcnt to l?t;
*uilalil.? fcr, hardware Apply J. DE-
_ MARTINI. S17 Washington st.
LMMA liuiM'ns.-. '.'-7 Market Ft. — Of-
fes with r.iodprn mnvrnipnets, $15 tt> ?23.
AShTOX & GARDINER. ;
GKARY. :iCU. near i'ov.d; — Elegantly furaished
suite. '
f25— 105« HOWARD *-t. ; large store; large
yard; best business Mock.
IIAXDoOME larpe Ftor*>: very reasonable. 32S
Pacific gt.. near Sanpomc.
STORES WAJfTKU.
WANTED — To rent, first fl^or factory; with
power rreferrfi: near S. P. It. R. as poe-
siblp. Box 2SC9. Call.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. ALDKIDGE celebrated palmist; children
fpfcialty. 1010 Larkin; no sign; read, dally.
C. L. Xeergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. TOO Poet; phone Hyde 2*j:>3.
11. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Grary and Pest: tel.Black Wil.
rAIXTCKS .VXD DECORATORS. »
ROOMS papered $3 B»; tinting done. Hartman
Paint Co.. SIP Third ft. : tel. Red 3521.
PERSONALS.
ARRIVED — Ladies, don't look old; Dr. N. DE
SAVOYSKY of Paris, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, will meet you at La Verite
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire and
I«re6<?rve health, youth and beauty; after
years of earnest study is able to give elec- I
. tricjj treatment for deep wrinkles without
the knife that exce's anything ever given in I
thie country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean method clears th« face of all blem-
ishes without pain or scar. Phone Folsom
44fi. 11*0 Market Et.. opposite Hole's.
AN elegant line cf remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; ether suits on install-
ments, fl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. bet-aeen Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in ev«ry room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to 16 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"WHY ruess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ADOPTION — FineJ healthy baby lor adoption;
married ccuple without children preferred;
$50o cash goes with baby. Address Physi-
cian, box 2S13, Call office.
A— WHAT da you think? O. BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, m&kes^olored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection S00 patterns.
A — 3iAT McMlUJX has charge of hairdress-
ing department at La Verlie Parlors, UK)
Market, opp. Hales; tel. Folsom 440.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 23S Sixth St., room
li; call after 7 p. m.
kits. DAVIS0N. 1646~Market St.. phone How-
ard 20$$, professional chaperon; best of
references.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store, 11$ Geary st. Nat Raphael.
HATRDRESSING, any style. 25c; switches
from. $1 up; shampoooing. 50c; massaging.SOc;
manicuring. S5c. G. LEDERER.123 Stockton.
"VTHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1SI 0-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
Eingr Chong & Co. have removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 568 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine stock of ladles' underwear.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF -your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.S32 O'FarTell;send for circular.
TITE A'VIDA COMPANY permanently cures
stomach trouble. 763 Valencia St., cor. 19th.
MAGNETIC massage treatments given to either
sex by strong roan. Box 2216. Call.
OKE MIXLTTE TOOTHACHE DROPS O.'RE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Brigps — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. »6S Sutter;tel.Larkln 3171.
StTPERFLVOCS hair and moles' destroyed with
needle. MMK. BOLIXG. 407*B Hyde.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNN. 1002^ Dolores st. '
JETTELRT for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st.. rm.20. ;
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
fe moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaten. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN* & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, tbeatri-
cal cosremer. 2g O'FarreTl; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, f! 50; dress pants. $2 50.
TJlsfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the beet corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFF.EDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair tc its natural color; 81; at all druggists.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SCRGEOXS.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady iJhyslciaiT and
gurgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021 H Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason.nr.Ellis.
PLAJTIXCr JLSD TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and . ivory turning, planing^ Shaping
and sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont.
RUPTURE SAXITARICM.
RUPTURE — Will lengthy ads cure you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206 Market st,,
and get cured; treatment free.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
fSOOO — FINE house in Presidio Heights; must '
be sold; built in 1899; 10 rooms; 2 baths;
reception hall, library, china closet, side-
board, furnace,4 mantels, electric lights and
g-as; basement has laundry; fine view and
choice locality; lot is 35x100; permit at our
office; owner going East: furniture for sale
*1*>- THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE COCXTRV — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAX^FRANCISCO^m
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Oo.. 002 California st.', for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR sale — 60-acre stock ranch 2 miles from
Preenc; all fenced, Blocked and running row;
¦write for particulars, W. A, WHITE,
Fresno, Cal.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to 6ell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
515.C00— FOR sale. Sausalito, 7 houses, large
piece of land. PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City
Hall Sauare,
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. TVrNFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RE3AX ESTATE.
$600 — $50 CASH, balance $10 per month; 5
rooms; ' lot 50x130; fine well and tank,
chicken-house; 2 blocks to cars. W. C
MORAN & CO.
$9O0 — C200 CASH, balance $15 per month: lot
50x300; chicken-house, large barn, dogmill
and tank; 7-room house. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
$1000— $200 CASH, balance $15 per month; 5
rooms; windmill and tank; fine corner lot;
or.ly 1 block to Ashby station. W. C.
MORAN &. CO.
$'J90— LOT 55x100, in ths Hillegas tract; street
wcrk all done; must sell this week; cheap at
$1200. VT. C. MORAN & CO., Lorln station,
and Echmldt block. Berkeley.
$3750— A MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath;
just being finished; lot 50x156; only 5 min-
utes walk to the university; in the very
best part of Eerkeley
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley.
CHEAPEST ar.d best In America— The Weekly
Call, ic pages, sent to any address la the
Lnlteo. States or Csnada one year for $1.
postage paid.
HJTVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRLITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
**J unnarelleIed « »w>r lu n I trr^OxlSO feet, co«C
\\iteon ave. and Hoskir.K at. ; -J. blocks from
l-"r?f Trr " r ' d I>UbI - ! ? * chtK - I: 'umtated £S
J£« «£f rojine; stable, chicken-house, pig-
n"rrt.^2^4, tc - ; , °" ian -'^al grounds; fruit
hom <1-W r" K m1 , I ? utes "-en, Oakland or one
*?<&i a £ J ; : ,, Ifnt ?:J5 a month; price
or r?' a m S r- T 4-VM-r iT:r: - :D - Mllls
or H. A. -PLa.rTM-.lt. Fruitvale Station.
FOR RENT-Fruitvale aTe.. cor School et.;
cksant 2-story house, modern, 9 rooms bath
laundry: gas and fewer connections; no fogs
cor harfh wines; wide and deep lot; rent *:5-
«-l*ct M-ctfon. 4ZZ Seventh M .. opposite I
Eroedvray station. H. Z. JONES twosue I
SBWIXG MACHINES' AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black- 112-1. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged :' re-
insuring; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Cth.
J STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIEKCE-P.ODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell s^.; tel. Main 5713. .
GOLDEN WF.ST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
slon st.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson. 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st^;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRIT^ERS-^'e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
'. Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 208.
W r EBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209Sansome.
WANTED — Second-hand Remington or Dins-
more: cheap for cash. Box 2321. Call office.
MASRIAQE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
SiEmund Beck. 27, 21 Hyde street, - and Jo-
seph Stein, ltt, 007 Grove street.
Harry D. Watkins, 29, Newark, and Kathryn
A. Res?, 26, Newark.
John I. Johnson, 27. 1818 Vi Howara street,
and Meta M. Langer. 24, 1S17C Howard etreet.
Francisco Arieta. 25, 331 Green street, and
Rosaria.. Srubbi, 1U, 1»V. Sonora street.
Herry Sormnerfeld, ! 26, 716 Twenty-second
Etreet, and Emma Lang, 21, 1522 Sixteenth
avenue south. i
Richard T. Gray, 38, Santa Rosa, and Olive
Price, 25, Ukiah.
Sisrmund H. Harris, 24. 23 Belcher street,
and Belle Adier, 22, 313 Waller street.
Martin Beversen, 4(5, 1695 Fol»om street,, and
Sarali Beversen. 41, 1605 Folsom street.
Jcse S. Azevedo. 46, San Leandro, and Maria
A. Ketcnccurt. 36, San Leandro.
Venarzio Celeri, 33, city, and Merfise Ro-
vetti, 20, city. ,
John A. Filori, 45, 15 Virginia avenue, and
Rachel J. Carcass, 30, 205 Langton street.
Jceeph Hurwitz, 25. Seattle, Wash., and
Sarah B. Berman, 19, 972 Folsom street.
Frank L. Vinlne. 10, '43B Rltch street, and
Irene Boyle, 18. 43B Hitch street.
James A. McDonald, 34. 24 Minna street, and
Sarah Kay, 20, 21 Minna street,
John P. Kilcoyne, 28. 28 Turk street, and
Mary Kenny, 25, 537 Ivy avenue.
Dinlna — MAimliiliiji)— iJbAiilo- .
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and -be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ROBINSON— In Oakland, January 12, 1902, to
the wife of George E. Robinson, a son.
MA3EIED.
HASSELBACH — SENGSTACKEN — In this
city, January. 15, l!)02, by the Rev. J. Fuen-
deling, Henry C. Hasselbach and Lizzie C.
Senjrstacken. •_ ...
HENZE— PERRY— In this city, January 15,
1902. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Julius H.
F. Hcnze and Mrs.. Ida S. Perry.
POEHLMANN— SCHLEICHER— In this city.
January 12, 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Conrad Poehlmann o"f Petaluma. Cal., and
I Mrs. Catharine Schleicher of San Francisco.
SCHRODER— GKOMOTKA— In this city, Jan-
uary 11, 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
William Schroder and Mathilda Gromotka.
WAGNER — BURK— In this city,' January 11,
30C2. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Eugene
Wagner of Sulsun, Cal., and Salome Burk
of San Francis :o. .
TAUCK— KOMMEROH— In this city, January
15, 1902, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Ernst Tauck and Christina Kommeroh, both
of San Francisco.
DIED.
Ackermann. Julius Hahn. Katherina ¦ .
Alder, Emma ¦ Herrick, Bertha* F.
Alsenz, Marie B. Joncc, Mrs. Isadora
Anderson, Isabell E. Kalthcff, Amelia A.
Baldwin, Barry Jr. Ktncflck, Julia A.
Barclay, Edwin .C. Llening, John H.
Bennett, Hiram A. Lydikscn, Anna E.
Briggs, Rev. Martin Mallon, Rosanna S.
Brothers, Joseph O'Donnell, Charlca
Browne, Lucy • O'Donnell, John (
Clarke, James L. Porter, Arnold A.
Coofce, Anne - Risley, John
Cooper, Maria G.E.V. Russell, Elizabeth*
Cope, Martha A. Sawyer, Huldah H.
Corcoran. John B. Scott. Robert J. .
Detjens, Mary F. Sparrow, Annie
Drewry, Horace . Thornagle, . Agnes §•
Gannon. Joseph H. Watson,. Jllchard.J.
Golly, Leon Winter. Louis "" '
• Griffin, Jane
ACKERMANN — In this city, January 15, 1002,
Julius ' C. Ackermann, beloved husband of
Frieda Ackermann, and father of William
and Fred Ackermann, a native of Germany,
aged 44 years 5 months and 28 days. A
member of Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ths funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the hall of Eu-
reka Lodte, Pioneer building. Fourth street,
near Market, where funeral services will be
held, under the auspices of Eureka Lodge
No. 6, O. d. H. S. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
ALDER— In this city, January 16, 1902,
Emma Alder, dearly beloved daughter of
Gottlieb and Lottie Alder, a native of Cali-
-fornia, aged 20 years 1 month and 15 days.
ALSENZ— In this city, January 16, 1002,
Marie B., belcved wife of the late Jacob
Alsenz, and mother of Mrs. Antoin Killan
and Mrs. M. H. Girardin, a native of Ger-
many, aged 70 years 9 months and 22 days.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late reei-
¦ dence, 1829A Bush street, between Octavia
and Laguna. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
ANDERSON — In this city, January 15, 1902,
Isabell Esther Anderson, beloved daughter
of Thomas and Mary Anderson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 years. *
£E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3553 Seventeenth, street, thence by
' electric funeral car from corner of Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BALDWIN — In this city, January 16, 1002,
Barry Baldwin Jr., beloved husband of Marie
V. Baldwin, and father of Marie and John
Baldwin, a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years. .
G3PFuneral and interment private.'
BARCLAY — In this city, January 16, 1902,
Edwin C. Barclay, dearly beloved husband of
Christina Barclay, and beloved father of
Helena, Rose and Edwin. H. Barclay, a na-
tive of England, aged 48 years and 18 days.
BENNETT — In this city, January 16, 1902,
Hiram A. • Bennett, a native of Connecticut,
aged 62 years 1 month and 12 days.
BRIGGS — In Newark, Cal., January 14, 1902,
Rev. Martin C. Briggs, D.D.. beloved hus-
band of Ellen G. Briggs, and father of Hor-
ace H.. Rev. Dr. Arthur H., Alvah G.,' Rev.
Herbert F. and the late Russell A. Briggs,
a native of Rome, N. T., aged 78 years and
7 days. (Cincinnati and Chicago papers
please copy.) - ' ¦
CC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from Central M. E.
Church, Mission street, between Sixth and
Seventh. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek route boat.
BROTHERS — In Berkeley, January 1<J, 1902,
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Mary M.
' Brothers, a native of Canada, aged 66 years
and 13 days. ,.
BROWNE — In this city, January 16, 1902,
•Lucy Browne. • beloved auht of Mrs. Mary
Browne. Mrs. B. Smith, Mrs. E. Whaley and
Morris Hart, a native of Cove, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 9C years. .
IC? Notice of funeral hereafter. ,
CLARKE — In this city, January 16, 1902,
James L. Clarke, a native of Nantucket,
Mars., aged 77 year*. ..-.- .^_
JC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of th« California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
COOKE— In this city, January 16, 1902, Anne,
beloved wife of the late Matthew Cooke, and
HENRY J.GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Gemetery,
BAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J.- HENDERSON, Mana**-.
1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS!
I '27 on* 20 Fifth St. Tel. South te? fl
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEnS.fi
j Flnett Equipment at . Moderate Ruttea. , 1
I NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association: M. XI
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Klchth. Telephono Eouth 44.
" REMOVED!
McGinn BROS .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 and 226 McAllister st. (For-
merly of 31 Kddy st. Tel.- South 252.)
mother of Robert J. and William A. Cooke
and Mrs. L. "A. ' Gould, a native of- Ireland,
aged (58 years 2 months and 21 days. , " . . .
C7Funeral and interment at '- Sacramento
Saturday, January- 18. • , . . ... „•• .
COOPER— In this city, January 15, 1902.
••Maria Geronlma - Kncarnacion .Vallejo de
Cooper, widow of the late Captain J." B. . R.
Cooper, and mother of . Mrs. Anna M.
Wohler, Mrs. E. J. Molera and the late J.
B. H. Coou^r, a native of- Monterey, Cal..
aged 02 years 0 months and 20 days. .
! (CTFuneral will take place Friday, Janu-
' ary 17, 1302, * from St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a high " requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. . . '
COPE— In this city, January 1G, 19027 Martha
Ann, beloved wife of W. W. Cope, aged 77
years .3 months and 10 days. (Louisville
and Shelby ville, Ky.,' papers please copy.)
!C"Notice of funeral hereafter.
CORCORAN— In Vallejo, January 14«, 1902,
B John B., dearly beloved husband of Mary E.
Corcoran, and father of John, Josey, Nellie
and. Irene Corcoran,, a. native of Ireland;" aged
49 years.
[CSTrlends and ' acquaintances are invited
.to attend the funeral from the residence, £532
Kentucky street, Vallejo, at 9:45 o'clock
Friday, morning,' thence . to St. Vincent's
¦ ( Church, where • a- solemn requiem " mass will
be calebrated for the repose of hla soul, -com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. .Vin-
cent's Qemetery.. . ' \ ...
DETJENS— In Pleas'anton, January 16, 1902,
Mary F. Detjens,, beloved wife of Herman
Detjens, and mother of Mrs. . C. L. Crellin,
Mrs. C. S. Graham and George W. Detjens,
aged C5 yea"rs 2 months and 12 days. .^
E7Funeral will be held from her late resi-
dence in Pleasanton, Saturday, January 18,
Et.2 o'clock. Jnterment private. ¦¦ ..
DREWRY— In. this city, January 15, 1902,.
Horace Drewry, brother of Albert S. Drewry
.and Mrs. Cavan, brother-in-law of Hon.
Judge Cavan, and brother of the late Fanny
Drewi-y, all of GalvestcrtP, Texas... : • ¦
|C5"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 1
o'clock, from the parlors of A. W. Martin
& Co.. 319 O'Farrell street.. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. .
GANNON— In this city, January 15, :19O2, Jo-
seph H., beloved son of the late Edward and
Hannah E. Gannon, and brother of James T.
Gannon and the late sllannah E. Graham, a
native of San Francisco, ased 38 years.
• !C"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 992 Howard street, thence to St. Pal-
lick's Church, where ¦ a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at $» o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. - . . ,
GOLLY — In Baden, Austria. November 20,
1901, Leon Golly, beloved brother of Am-
broise, Joseph and August Golly, a native of
' Alsace, aged 50 years 7 months and 11 days.
K?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 19, 1902, at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Twelfth and Washington
Btreets, Oakland. Services under, the aus-
pices of llive Oak Lodge No. 01, F. and A. M.
interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GRIFFIN In this city. January -15, 1902.
Jane, beloved wife of William Griffin, and
mother of Mrs. Charles F. Murphy and Hugh
Griffin, a native of County Derry, Ireland.
IC^The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence,
of her daughter. 1116 Potrero ¦ avenue, near
• Twenty-fourth street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HAHN— In Oakland, January 14, 1902, and
lately from Haywardu, Katherlna, beloved
wife of the late Jacob Hahn, and mother of
John Beck, Adolph, Emil and George Hahn.
Mrs. Rose Sarron and the late Cynthia Kast,
a native of Germany, aged 74 years 5 month*
and 8 days.
IE?" Friends ¦ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 17, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1172 Seventh street, thence to St.
Elizabeth's Church, Bray street, Fruitvale,
' where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reoose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HERRICK — In Oakland, January 14, 1002,
Bertha Fiennes Herrick, daughter of Wil-
liam F. and Lucy F. Herrick, a native of
San Francisco. >
. ETFunoral services and interment private.
JONES — In this city, January 15, 1902. Mrs.
Isadora Jones, wife of the late Captain T.
Jones, sister of Mrs. Anselma Mungruia and
Mrs. Estifan Quiroz, and aunt of Mrs. Clo-
ti!de M. E. Robles, a native of Durango,
Mexico, aged 03 years and 21 days.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' Saturday,
January 18, 1902, at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 734 Green street, thence to Spanish
Church, where a mass will be said for the
repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.- ¦> - ..... ...
KALTHOFF — In this city, January IC, 1902,
Amelia A. KalthoiT, beloved mother of Mrs.
L. Schwab and Hugo and the late Bernard
Kalthoff, grandmother of Edwin, Manfred,
Ralph and Marlon Schwab and Herbert and
Llewellyn Kalthoff, and great grandmother
of Rali>h, Avis, Arthur, Leslie and . Irma
Schwob, a na'tive of Schleswig, Germany,
aged 72 years 7 months and 2 days.
KENEFICK— In this city, January 15, 1902,
Julia A., beloved daughter of Margaret and
the late Bartholomew Keneflck, and beloved
i sister of Richard, Cornelius, Mary and John
Keneflck, a "native '"bt~ San*- Francisco, aged
24 years 4 months and % 3 days:
• (cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from, her late
residence* 2420 Mission street, thence to St.
James Church, where a- requiem high mass
will be celebrated -for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
terj'- ' ' ¦ • ¦ • • ¦ ' ¦
LIENING-^-In 'Colusa, Cal., January' 14, 1902,
John H. -Lienlng, a native of Germany, aged
84 : years and 8 days. ~
CTFriends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited, to attend the> funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at Pioneer
Hall. Fourth street, near Market. Remains
at the parlors of; the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
LYDIKSEN — In • Oakland, January 16, 1902,
Anna E.. beloved wife of George Lydiksen,
and mother of - Mrs. W. Iverson and Anna,
George, Tom, Walter and Blanche Lydiksen,
a ' native of Copenhagen, Denmark, aged 44
years 5 months and 20 days.
MALLON— In this city, January 16, 1902,
Rosanna S. Mallon, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., ared 77 years. ¦
O'DONNELL — In this city, January 16, 1902,
Charles, beloved father of Mary J. and Sarah
F. O'Donnell and Mrs. Rebecca Greenan, and
brother-in-law .of Robert Shields, a native
of Donegal, Ireland, aged 80 years.
O'DONNELL — In this city, January 16, 1902.
John O'Donnell. a native of Massachusetts,
aeed 65 yeare.
PORTER— In this city, January 16. . 1902,
• Arnold A;, beloved son of Joseph and May
J. ¦ Porter, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 months and 13 days.
RISLEY — In . New York, January 16, 1902,
John, beloved son of R.' V. and Edna C.
Risley, and grandson of Edward and Har-
riet • Carlson. . ! .". ¦
RUSSELL — In this city,' January 15, 1902,
. Elizabeth Russell, beloved mother of Charles
E., J. G. and Ernst Russell and Mrs. H. G.
, Batley, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 79
years. . ¦ ¦
C3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at I. O. O. F. Cemetery, where
fcervices will be held at 1 o'clock.
SAWYER— In Oakland, at 1062 Eighth avenue
January 16, 1902, Huldah ¦ H., wife of the
late Leander Sawyer, and mother of. Mrs
Philena Perkins, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 77 years 4 months and 1 day.
SCOTT — In this city, January 16, 1902, Rob-
ert John, beloved sun of. John R. and Jen-
nie 1.' Scott, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 17 days. c
SPARROW — In this city, . January 15, 1902
Annie, beloved daughter of Arthur M and
Slddie S. Sparrow, and sister of Arthur
Grace, Earl and Roy ' Sparrow, a native of
San' Francisco, aged 7 years and 6 days
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ' 221 .Diamond street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. / . . .
THORNAGLE — In this city, at her " residence
2319 Larkin street, January 15, 1902 Agnes'
beloved wife of Christian Thornagle mother
of Alexander J., John .C, Edna M. and
.Crystal A. Thornagle,- and- sister of Mrs H
J. Wright and Alexander Stewart, a native
nf San Francisco, aged 43 years 9 month*
and 7 days. • .
tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday
January 19, at 1 o'clock, from, the audi-
torium of Native Sons' building, 414 Mason
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by carriage. . • -
WATSON — In this city, January 16 190>
Richard J., beloved son of Mary and the
: late William Watson, and brother of Harry
William. Charles/ Daniel and the late John
Watson,- a native of San Francisco.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 58 Cook ¦ street, ' off Point Lobos ave-
. nue, thence to Holy Cross Church for ser-
' vices. Interment 'Holy Cross Cemetery.
WINTER— In this city, January 14, > 1902
Loui« Winter, beloved husband of Fannie
M. Winter, and father of Mrs. James W
Easton, Mrs. Thomas Coleman, Mrs. George
Cornish Jr. and John L. Winter, a native of
Germany, aged 80 years 10 months and S
days. • • • ' . . ¦ .,¦
¦-. (Eflnterment at Sacramento.FOUR STEAMERS THAT MAT
BE PUT ON THE RUN TO MA
NILA.
Kionhart's Flaxseed ¦ Balsam
Will cure' your coush. 60 cents at all druggist*.
ber Company for $25,000 damages. -He al
leges that through lack of care on the
part of the firm, a trestle work ' in Te
hama County, over which ran a railroad
operated ¦: by. the firm, gave way, precipi
tating the train, on which Bundy was en
gineer, into a' gulch. Through ; the : acci
dent, Bundy alleges, he lost, the sight of
one* eye," and was otherwise permanently
injured and' disfigured. ¦.-; ¦<. .. ¦
Sues Lumber Company for. Damages.
George Bundy is suing the Sierra Lum-
- A postal sent from Council Bluffs in
forms Mr. H. Lesser, that the 'clothing
that was shipped from Chicago on the 5th
left the above named place on the 14th,
so can be expected here about the 24th. ¦
No. time to be lost. Every article con
tained' in the old Monarch must make
.room.-',. Men's hats worth $2.50 -for 85c.
.Men's collars 5c; • Fleece-lined underwear
20c— in fact, everything must go from 915
; Market street, opposite Mason. •
Information ; Received.
Jewish Ladies' Relief Society Holds
Forty-Fifth Annual Meeting
and Election of Officers.
The reports of the officers read at the
forty-fifth annual meeting of the Jewish
Ladies' _ Relief ' Society held yesterday
showed a most gratifying state of affairs.
The membership has increased and the
financial condition of the society is better
than ever before. The president spoke of
the new method of centralizing relief
work into one bureau, and ¦ said it was
working In accordance with the ideas of
those who projected the plan.
Mrs. Sarah Eppstein, one of the oldest
members of the society, who severed her
connection with the organization on "ac
count of Ill-health, was elected the first
honorary member. The election of offi
cers resulted as follows: President, Mrs
Henry Wangenheim; vice president, Mrs.
Louie Goodman; treasurer; Mrs. Sol
\Va.ngenheim; secretary, Meyer H Levy
trustees. Mrs. Hugo Rothschild. Mrs!
Henry Sinsheimer, Mrs. F. A. Haber, Mrs.
Juda Newman, Mrs. Sig. Schwabacher,
Mrs. George Greenzweig.
Tho New Vintage,
being more delicate andbreedy than the
1S33 and similar to the 18S9, is represented
by G. H. MUMM'S EXTRA DRY now
coming to market and immense reserves
guarantee the maintenance ¦ • of quality
Of this brand, 120,359 cases were import
ed in 1901, or nearly 60,000 cases more than
any other. . . , • •
YEAR OF CHARITY WORK
SUCCESSFULLY CLOSES
Thirteen Packages Condemned.
United' States District Judge de Haven
yesterday made an order for the sale of
thirteen packages, containing 291 gallons
of brandy seized In 18So.for violation . of
the revenue laws. The packages were the
remainder of the stock of Lang's/distil
lery at Calistoga, which was seized by
revenue officials in the year named, since
which time they have been lying .and
aging in a bonded warehouse. .
Divine services will be held at the Tem
ple Emanu-El this evening at 8 o'clock.
Dr. Vcorsanger will deliver the lecture.
His subject will be, "Has religion done
anything for civilization?" •
Dr. Voorsanger Will Lecture.
United States District Attorney W T ood
cf Xome. Alaska, has notified United
States Marshal Shine that he will be here
to-day, in readiness to be taken to the
Alameda County Jail to serve his sen
tence of four months' imprisonment for
contempt of the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals in the Nome mining
cases. With credits for good behavior
which Mr. Wood expects to earn he will
be released after a confinement of three
months and ten days.
TJ. S. Attorney Wood Comes to Jail.
Harry Orndorff is one of the best liked
men connected with the theaters in this
city. • Ever obliging, even tempered and
genial, he has made friends by the score,
not only among the leading lights of the
world of vaudeville but among those he
has met through other business or in so
cial life.
The bride is a daughter of Mrs. E. Ma
rich of this city, and is a most charming
woman. She is a native daughter and
possesses good looks aplenty and a dispo
sition which has endeared her to a large
circle of friends. •
Harry F. Orndorff. the genial gentleman
who officiates as stage director at the
Orpheum and who occasionally appears
before the footlights as a substitute for
a belated actor, was married yesterday
to Miss Annie E. White. The ceremony
was performed by Superior Judge Kerri
gan in his chambers, and was witnessed
by a f ew intimate friends of , the bride
and groom. John Morrisey,' manager of
the Orpheum, and Phil Hastings, press
agent of the theater, "gave the groom
away." and Mrs. F. Millan and Mrs. F.
H. King performed a like ceremony for
the blushing bride.
phcum United to Charming
San Francisco Girl.
Popular Stage Director of the Or-
HARRY ORNDORFF WEDS
MISS ANNIE E. WHITE
T. H. - Collott appeared and submitted
samples of rocks thrown 200 yards into
a residence through blasting operations: of
Cushing, Whitmore & Co. on Telegraph
Hill. The firm was notified to appear be
fore the committee.
"W. T. Baggett, attorney for the Bay
and Coast Railway Company, was noti
fied .to appear, before the board to state
his case when the. bill repealing the fran
chise of the road comes up for final pas
sage.
• The - committee recommended an ordi
nance authorizing • the Beard" of Works
to extend the Army-street sewer from
San Bruno avenue to Islais Creek at a
cost of $32,000.
The* crossing of .Pine and Battery streets
was ordered repaved at a cost of $1350,
provided the Merchants' Association fur
nished the basalt blocks.
The Board of Works will be notified
that Gray Bros, deny . the allegations
contained in the reports of the inspector
and expert and claim to employ the re
quisite number of laborers in the perform
ance of their contract. . The hearing was
set for next Saturday at 2 p. m. .
The Supervisors' Street Committee re
fused yesterday to approve demands for
$10,12614 in favor. of Gray Bros, for clean
ing and sweeping streets for November,
1901. ' . Ex-Mayor Phelan during . his in
combency delegated an expert to inspect
the. work and the latter reported that the
cleaning had not been done according to
specifications." The committee cited Phe
lan, Inspector Dutton, Street Superin
tendent Heath and the ex-Mayor's expert
to appear and bring such evidence as
they may have tending to prove that
Gray Bros, have not properly performed
their contract. ¦ • ¦ '
As it was evident that Matheson was
seriously, hurt his brother, officer-sum
moned a hack and had him removed, to
the French Hospital, where an examina
tion disclosed that he was injured ¦ inter
nally.
The boys who led Matheson the chase
which .resulted In his being injured, are
known to the police and will be arrested
to-day. . . ...
Matheson was patrolling his beat when
a storekeeper informed him that three
boys had stolen a box of cigars from him.
While Matheson was conversing with the
storekeeper the boys appeared on the
other side of the street and Matheson at
tempted to arrest them. After running a
short distance the boys ran into a house
on Broadway and P6well streets and
climbed to the roof. Matheson followed
them, and in his anxiety to arrest them
he stumbled into a hole in the roof, fall
ing a distance of about fifteen feet.
His cries for. help attracted the atten
tion of one of the inmates, who notified
the officer on the adjoining beat. '
Policeman Matheson of the Central
Station division, while chasing several
boys who were suspected of theft, fell
through the roof of a house at Broadway
and Powell streets last evening and was
seriously injured.
Mrs. Mary Alsenz, a widow 71 years old,
v.-as found dead in her bed at 1S29A Bush
Ktreet yesterday morning. She had been
asphyxiated by illuminating gas. The
Coroner's deputies were informed that
her son-in-law. J. Giraud, noticed the
cdor of gas at a quarter past 7 o'clock
and traced it to Mrs Alsenz's room. A
g%s burner, with a patent chain attach
ment for lighting, was open and the gas
was escaping from it. The other burner
on the same bracket was turned off partly
and the gas was burning. For that rea
son it is believed that Mrs. Alsenz's death
was due to an accident.
Mrs. Alsenz Asphyxiated.
CLAIM THE WORK
IS POORLY DONE
ber of Commerce, and the conditions then
existing still hold good, that America was
getting only about 15 per cent of the trade
of the Philippines, that the remaining
85 per cent^was handled by England, Ger
many and France, t and mostly through
Hongkong.
Armed with this knowledge of condi
tions, the Chamber of' Commerce ap
pointed a committee of twenty on direct
transportation ..to the Philippines. This
committee . secured from a number of
Eastern steamship companies an estimate
of the operating expenses of ocean
steamers. They also i secured figures as
to the cost of a six-week service between
. San Francisco and the Philippines.
Mrs. K. Turney, Noe Valley School; Mrs. M.
E. Maeuire, Peabody Primary; Miss Elizabeth
B. Moore, Redding; Miss Cecelia Oilchrist,
Cooper Primary; Miss Dorothy Vogelsang, Edi
son Primary; Miss Clara E. Rodgers, Sher
man Primary; Miss M. E. A. Gray, John
Swett Grammar: Miss Mollie McLeran, Irving
Scott Grammar; Miss Lois A. Peckham, Han
cock Grammar; Miss A. C. Griffith. Chinese
Primary; Miss Annie Dwyer,- Monroe Pri
mary; Miss Ellen C. Gaines,- Noe Valley; Miss
Ida L. Downing. Hearst Grammar; Miss Ethel
Washington. Longfellow Grammar; Miss An
nie W. Harrower. Hearst Grammar; Miss A.
M. Cobb, Bernal Primary; Miss E. L. Noonan.
Franklin Grammar; Mrs. E. S. Humphrey, Noe
Valley; Miss Elvina Berard, Fairmount Pri
mary; Miss Marie F. d"Or. Halght Primary;
Kernan Robson, Maude Schendel and Helen M.
Hogan, Agassiz, Crocker and Buena Vista
schools.
With the appointment of the three
teachers named, twenty-three have been
assigned to regular positions from the
new eligible list recently established by
the board after competitive examinations.
Those now in charge of classes .follow:
The new twelve-room building for the
Buena Vista school has been opened and
six rooms will be utilized Immediately.
President Denman expects a rapid in
crease in the attendance in the school,
and states that additional classes will be
formed as soon as circumstances war
rant.
The Board of Education decided yester
day to establish a new class each in the
Agassiz, Buena Vista and Crocker
schools. The three first names on the
teachers' day eligible list are Kernan
Robson, Maude Schendel and Helen M.
Hogan, and these will in all likelihood be
assigned to the positions.
Twenty-Three Teachers Assigned
From Eligible List to Regular
Positions in Department.
SCHOOL BOARD FORMS
THREE NEW CLASSES
greater per ton per mile favorable to the
plaintiff herein," as the answer &ays, than
the rates and amounts set forth in the
Bchedule.
prior to the action brought by John la
Blanc the plaintiff had voluntarily put ia
force a charge and rate for transportation
of petroleum oil between Las Angeles and
San Francisco of 5L4 cents per barrel,
a rate a little less than $3 15 per ton and
less than C.5 mills per ton per mile, and
that the schedule does not reduce or af
fect the rates. The claim is also made in
the answer that the schedule rate applied
to rates of transportation from rail points
of shipment referred to and to many
points of consignment other than those
mentioned in plaintiff's complaint, where
the rates allowed and collected, mileage
and distance considered, would be "much
The Railroad Commissioners filed an
answer yesterday to the suit for an in
junction .restraining the board from en
forcing the new schedule of rates for the
transportation of oil filed by the Southern
Pacific Company ten days ago.
In the answer every allegation made by
the railroad company in its complaint is
denied.
It is claimed by the Beard of Commis
sioners that the rate adopted at the meet
ing of December 10 of last year, and
which the railroad company claims is
lower than the actual cost of transporta
tion, is not a rate that will entail a loss
to the company. The board asserts that
the company Is not charging a rate low
enough to benefit the State, as the com
pany claims.
It is also stated in the answer that long
prior to the adoption of the schedule and
Deny That New Oil Rate
Will Entail Loss to
Railroad.
G. W. McNear, a member of the com
mittee appointed by the Chamber of Com
merce, stated yesterday that the mer
chants of this city were striving to se
cure a direct line to Manila. He said
that heretofore the shippers have had
trouble in securing transportation of their
goods. He hopes that witnin a short
time there would be" ships sailing from
this, port under the American flag and
that those having business in the Orient
will find ample accommodation for their
shipments.
W. M. Bunker has been in Washington
for the past three months laying these
facts before the Secretary of War, and
but for the appearance on ' the scene of
Hill and other big interests the members
of the committee think the new line
would be in operation very shortly.
Regarding the sale of the Government
transports the committee is not sanguine
If there is a sale and the. boats go to the
highest bidder it is feared that the bids
will be out of proportion to the immedi
ate value of the Investment. It Is not
thought likely, however, that the Gov
ernment will do away with Its transport
service for the one reason that it is only
by owning and controlling itstown ves
sels that the army can give proper at
tention to the sick and wounded soldiers
coming home from the Orient, and that
as long as the army of occupation re
mains of its present proportions this wiil
form an important factor in the transpor
tation problem. .
Effect of Hill's Move.
With this definite . encouragement the
committee secured options on a fleet of
ocean steamers. This fleet, if negotiations
now being conducted in Washington prove
successful, will be made up as follows:
The Boston Towboat Company's Hyades
and -Pleiades, now engaged as colliers
and two of the biggest carriers on the
coast; the International Navigation Com
pany's Pennsylvania, Indiana and Ohio;
several large steamers belonging to the
Luckenbach Towing .; Company of New
York, and part of the fleet of the Sagi
naw Steel Steamship Company.
In the meanwhile the committee secured
from Secretary of War Root a partial
promise of assistance. This assistance as
proposed by Root was to furnish the new
line with 2000 or 3000 tons of Government
freight for each trip at a rate in propor
tion to the operating expenses, this
freight to be gradually reduced as the
new line got on a paying . basis indepen
dent of Government assistance.
MATHESOH FALLS
THROUGH A ROOF
America Gets Small Trade.
Lieutenant Reiser informed the Cham-
THE entrance of "Jim" Hill and Se
attle in the fight for a Govern
ment-assisted Philippine line of
steamers has at least postponed
the consummation of the care
fully laid plans of a number of San Fran
cisct> merchants, members of • the local
Chamber of Commerce. The plan was al
most complete. Operating expenses had
been estimated, freight rates calculated,
options had been secured on steamers sul
ficient in number and of suitable tonnage,
and Secretary of War Root had as good
as agreed to give the Gan Francisco com
bination enough Government freight to
warrant going ahead with the new line.
The new field is apparently tempting to
others, and now the Chamber of Com
merce is face to face with a fight in
Washington with some of the most power
ful influences in the country.
When the United States first acquired
the Philippines and the whole Pacific
Coast was talking about the commercial
benefit that would accrue to the ports of
the Pacific slope, the Chamber of Com
merce took steps to get at the actual
facts.
When a certain measure of peace had
been restored In Manila and trade In that
port had begun to resume its normal re
lations, a representative of the San Fran
cisco merchants was sent out to investi
gate.
Lieutenant Reiser, a volunteer army
officer, then and now in charge of the Ma
nila Custom-house, gave them the infor
mation which convinced them that if the
Pacific Coast wanted to derive any bene
fit lrom America's islands across the sea
the establishment of a direct and well
equipped steamship line was an absolute
necessity.
The plans are now In the hands of Com
missioner Jlansoa and the fire under
writers have taken up the matter, as they
see a grave danger in permitting the alter
ations as they are now outlined. It is al
most certain that the plans will have to
be revised so that firewalls will be built
to the height of the wooden building.
Though the first permit called for an ex
penditure of $400, it is a fact that a sum
largely in excess of that amount has been
spent on the alterations. In fact, work
covered by the second- permit asked for
has been commenced, though the ordi
nance requires that a permit must first
be obtained from the Board of Super
visors and approved by the Mayor. No
such permit has yet been granted.
It Is claimed that the building is not to
be enlarged, but it is a fact that if the
extensive alterations are made it will be
fireproof in one portion and non-fireproof
in another, which would certainly be a
violation of the ordinance in that essen
tial particular. The building has been
moved flush with the adjoining building
and no provision has been made for a fire
wall on either side.
No building already erected or hereafter
built within the lire limits shall be enlarged,
raised, altered or built upon in such a man
ner that were the said building wholly built
or constructed after the passage of this order
it would be a violation of any of the essen
tial provisions of this order. . . -
Another subdivision reads:
Subdivision 4 — Xo wooden building within
the fire limits shall be enlarged or built upon.
The building in question is owned by
Charles Carpy and is located on the south
side of Geary street near Stockton. A
permit was recently granted to cut the
building in half, to remove one-half to
the rear of the lot and to raise the two
halves to allow of stories being placed un
derneath, the new work to be of brick or
stone. The cost of the work was said to
be $400. The proceeding up to this time
was legal under the building and fire or
dinance, which permits of a building being
removed from one part of a lot to an
other. Objection was made by surround
ing property owners, but the work was
allowed to proceed.
The illegal part of the proceedings be
gan, however, when City Architect Mooser
approved a -permit for alterations to the
same building, aggregating $25,000. Mooser
in his private capacity prepared the plans
for the work, and then as a city official
recommended that the permit be granted,
though the btiilding and fire ordinance
clearly says:
i City Architect Mooser occupies the
unique position of having officially ap
proved a permit for alterations and re
pairs to a frame building within the fire
limits, he being the private architect em
ployed by the owner of the building to
prepare the necessary plans. In doing so
Mooser has violated the plain provisions
of the fire ordinance.
COMMISSIONERS
FILE AN ANSWER
"I consider these people who are now
trying to ret hold of Uie 'Mammy' Pleas
ant estate a lot of boodlers, and—"
"Whom do you mean. Mr. Eaton?"
"Well. I mean these people I see in
front of me," said George It. Eaton, the
assignee of Mrs. Pleasant's estate, with
a. wave of his hauid toward the table at
which sat the attorneys for the creditors
who petitioned for his removal.
"Do you mean to say that I am a bood
ler, Mr. Eaton?" asked Attorney Charles
Pence, whose questions had caused the
"Well, you can draw your own conclu-'
fions," retorted Eaton.
Judge Troutt, before whom the petition
for Eaton's removal is being heard, in
terfered at this point and prevented any
further questioning, asserting at the same
time that Eaton's op.inlon did not make
any impression on the court.
Eaton, when asked about the supposed
assets in his charge, denied the existence
of any.
"If you want to count le-gal entangle
ment assets, then there are numerous
assets," said the assignee.
Eaton aiso testified that he did not press
the suits to recover property supposed to
belong to Mrs. Pleasant because he did
not see his way clear to prosecute them
to a successful finish. He said he would
undertake to enter a suit to secure the
property at 1661 Octavia street and the
rajich in Sonoma County if the creditors
of Mrs. Pleasant demanded it. "I will
also find the money to defray the ex
pense of the litigation,' said Eaton.
Eaton also testified that he never im
portuned Fred Bell to offer the creditors
50 cents on the dollar for their claims, and
continuing said that Sam Davis s^i&gested
to him that something could be made out
of the estate If the claims against it could
be bought up.
The case will be argued and submitted
this afternoon.
City Architect Recommends
Adoption of His Own
V Plans.
Denies That He Proposed to
Buy Up the Claims
Against It.
Doesn't Like Lawyers
for Creditors of Pleas
ant Estate.
Approves Alterations to
a Frame Building
Within Limits.
EATON TALKS
OF "BOODLERS"
MOOSER IGNORES
FIRE ORDINANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO V CAt,L, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1902,
COMPANY NAMES
BANKING FIRM
Brown Bros, to Handle
Bonds of Street- Car
S>U System.
Indications That New York
Capitalists Will Get En
tire Issue.
Bankers in San Francisco have received
advices from the East that Brown Broth
era, widely known as financial agents, will
handle the new bond Issue of the consoli
dated street car system of this city. The
banking house of Brown Brothers is es
tablished 'in Lo'ndon, New York. Phila
delphia and Baltimore. The Fhlladalphia
house is the parent Institution, although
the London,, house conducts the largest
financial transactions. The local corre
spondents of the firm are the San Fran
cisco National Bank and Parrott & Co.
Leading bankers In this city have no
hesitancy In saying that the position of
the Brown Brothers is so high and the
influence of the .house so potent that
bonds issued sunder the auspices of tha
firm are eagerly sought for and readily
taken.
Indications are that the new securities
will be taken in New York, although Phil
adelphia and Baltimore agencies may re
ceive an allotment. The San Francisco
National Bank is not advised as to the
magnitude of the proposed bond issue.
Neither has the bank received any in
formation to the effect that even a block
of the new securities will be offered in
this city. .
It does not follow that the financial
agents, whp doubtless secure a good com
mission for marketing the securities, will
have a hand in I the management of the
consolidated street car lines of San Fran
cisco. The Baltimore syndicate that pur
chased the Sutter street, San Mateo, Su
tro and Market-street roads Is not an
auxiliary institution of Brown Brothers.
The purchasers of the system saw oppor
tunity ¦ for good investment and availed
themselves of it. Local bankers say the
syndicate displayed good judgment in ap
pointing Brown Brothers financial agents.
SECRETARY FAY
LOSES HIS JOB
Park Commission Elects
Herbert L. Schmitz
in His Stead. )
The Board of Park Commissioners at 'a
meeting yesterday afternoon at the park
lodge elected Herbert L. Schmitz, brother
of Mayor Schmitz, secretary of the board
to succeed Phil Fay. It; seems that the
Mayor signified that this selection would
be agreeable to him, and the board, ad
hering to precedent, conformed to the
wishes of the chief executive, who is ex
offlcio a member oi the board.
Shortly after the first Park Commission
under .the new charter was created James
D. Phelan, then holding the office of
Mayor, and being ex officio a member of
the board, expressed to the Commission
ers a wish that Mr. Fay should be ap
pointed secretary. Commissioners A. B.
Spreckels, Reuben H. Uoyd, Fred Zeile,
John A. Stanton and Jasper McDonald,
as a matter of courtesy, readily respond
ed to Mayor Phelan's wishes. "When
Mayor Schmitz signified a desire for his
brother's election to the office of secre
tary the board was constrained to recog
nize the precedent established by Mr.
Phelan.
The president of the commisison, A. B.
Spreckels, made the motion for H. L.
Schmltz's election and he was supported
by Commissioners Reuben H. Lloyd and
A. Altmann. The motion was opposed by
Commissioners Jasper McDonald and
Frank J. Sullivan, Democrats.
Herbert L. Schmltz is connected with
the business department of the Bulletin
and is highly commended by Thomas
Boyle.
Accused of Burglary.
Charles "White, a waiter, was arrested
last night by Detectives Harper and Arm
strong and charged with burglary. Wed
nesday afternoon. It ts claimed, "White
broke into the room of C. S. Hove at 246
Fourth street and stole about $100 worth
of clothing. Most of the stolen property
has been recovered.
Local Merchants Secure Options on Large Number of Big Freight
' Carriers Flying the American Flag and Are Preparing to at
Once 1 Enter Transportation Business •; to the Philippines
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE IS AFTER
SHIPS FOR DIRECT MANILA LINE
12
COMBINATION SALE!
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
-Continuation of the Greatest Sale. Every Garment Marked Down.
UNHEARD-OF PRICES.
Tailor Suits and Raglans. Prices Gut in Half.
Wm*M ' — • : ' • -
$io.oo BLUE CHEVIOT TAILOR SUITS cut to..$ 4.45
$12.50 OXFORD TAILOR SUITS, trimmed: 6.45
$1 5.00 GRAY -VENETIAN TAILOR SUITS cut to 7.45
$17.50 and $20.00 FANCY TRIMMED TAILOR
• SUITS cut to../ 9.95
$22.00 High Grade TAILOR SUITS, stitched
satin revers/ firm tailor stitching, cut to. ... • 12.45
$15.00 OXFORD and TAN KERSEYS COATS,
with double capes, cut to 7.45
$15.00 FANCY TRIMMED RAGLANS, with
double capes, at 9.95
$25.00 SILK-LINED RAGLANS cut to 14.95
$40.00 and $35.00; NOVELTY LONG COATS
cut to 22.50
$ 2.50 BLUE VENETIAN SKIRTS, lined, cut to.. 95c
$ 3.00 ALL-WOOL BLUE AND GRAY HOME-
SPUNSKIRTS. lined, at 1.45
$ 400 OXFORD GOLFING, SKIRTS at. 1.95
$ 5.00 ALL-WOOL FANCY TRIMMEP CAM-
EL'S HAIR SKIRTS' at . .:. ....../........ 2.95
-$8.50 TAILOR - MADE VENETIAN SKIRTS, -
black, cut to" . I......;.... 4.95
SUITS at X of former prices.
-.-¦'-¦¦. ;. -^ » .- . j{ . .
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My DYSPEPSIA CURE positively
cures all forms of indigestion or stom-
ach trouble. It rejuvenates voin-oot
stomachs. It builds up stomachs that
have been weakened by powerfulcath-
artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
Jlunron'a Dyspepsia Car© corrects bloatiosol
«xe stomach, palpitation of the heart, shortness o<
breath, aad all affection* of the heart canted byia«
aigestion, wind oa the Komach, b«lching wind oi
tour food,bad ta«te, offensive breath, loss of appetite,
tamtness or weakness of the stomach, imi«bper cir-
; 0 ?? c °, ated tonjpie, i#art-burn or watef-brash.
Hut Headache Cure stoj* headache ia 3 minutes.
i Manyoa s PUe Oiptment cures all forms of piles.
I Manyoas Blood Cure corrects all blood imparities.
1 Manyoa s Liver Cure corrects headache, bilious-
[ »es3, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases.
; Mnnyon s Female Remedies, are a boon to women.
1 Manyons Asthma Care and Herbs aregnaranteed to
relieve asthma in three minntes and cure ia five days.
Maayon's Catarrh Remedies never faiL
1 Munyons Vitalize restore* lost powers to weak
I men. Price, $1. »*
Monyon has acare for every disease. The Gnlds
to Health (free) tells of thei. C-es, mosUy a, cts!
Mnnyon, New York and Philadelphia.
; lUXTOrS I*HHEB CUBES CAT1BHH. ti
Geo. H. Fuller Desk
REMOVAL SALE.
c offer orcr immense stock of OP«
FIOE FUKNTTTJEE at greatly reduced
prices during next 30 DAYS.
638-640 Mission Street.
FREE DENTAL CLINIC
FOR THE POOH.
Open Sundays and JSvenlnsrs. Teeth ex-
tracted free. Graduate* of dentistry only.
Small charce for material.
P03T-GBADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 ' Taylor st.. ¦¦ cor. Golden Gats avc.
UW, VIGOR. VITALITY ior MEN
J®ir^^ JIORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
J?«j^ vt» have been in use over fifty
MR^J'WjsSSW ye*™ by the leaders of the
f£<%y. i£.t&^i Mormon Churc*l and their
Sn£ru^fi followers. Positively cure the
MfrS'ii'R 3£fcj worst cases In old and yount;
nV "A\ iSw arising from effects of self-
ifeW"jV^J|{f? abuse, dissipation, excesses or
'SsKiH? jjL cljrarette-smoklnjr. Cur* Lo.«t
7 llanhcod. linpotency. Lost
TBBaSBBF Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desire*. Lams Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, *m Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner f*> «J vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are j^^r m Immediate* Im-
part vigor and pote *»•=« * » ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped orgrana. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a "box; 6 for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure> or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
San Francisco. Cal. GRAXT DRL'G CO., 33
and 40 Third street.
Bra ¦n^AMI & iKa_ Wu .^r^wEi
eSjjl- fgjMa ¦» TBBtBgh fij •), Sn Cft Ti
lH «S I §£*$ !»3 el A^el
fiBJa Q |ffl BKKfll 189 ¥Fir4 R tfiBft vhu
&J^ FAVORBTE
pSCRIPTION
|& FOR WEAK WOMEW.
'DR.MOTJLTY.
HTHis yrgt&Ksovrs and reliable old
JLV Specialist cures Blood Poison. Go aorrhesm. Oi e* C
Saletnre. Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Book on Disease* of Men, free.
OTerMyears'experience. Terms reasonable. Honn,
9to3daily;6:30to8.30eT'i;s.8andays,10to 12. Consul-
tatlonfxeeandsscredly confidential. Call or address
P. ilOSCOE 2Ie\TLrr. 91. D.
Z»Vi Kearny H t., Han Frasciaco, Cal.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. ETVTGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodlsiao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Se!ls en its own merits.
NABER. ALFS k, BRUNE, Agents.
823 Market at.. 3. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. mcdonald,
813 TOLSOM STREST.
San Francisco Gas Coke for sale' to families
and to th» trade at reduced rates.
Oppression, Suffocation, Nennlgla, etc, enred b j
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES^ POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL ORUGCIST3
A I 1 A 1 #fc Ammunition and Sporting
I IS Hmi'L" Gc «ds. Largest Stock. Low-
1 m 3 3 B«l est Prices. Until clo3© of
H fli I B¥l a a hunting season will offer
BJ wr U \a XhS Pins at reduced prices.
. ~ Send for catalogue*
.•".-¦ SHRSVR * BABBIE CO.
733 Market 3t aad 511 Znxaj.it
That embody all - / \E** "^^\.
those points de- / :\~.'S\ /\
manded by good, ¦ g . ¦ / I
careful or tasty, / ' I I
dressers; suits for *»i ft
business wear or /I
conventional socie- | I
ty occasions; suits :| V^ \~""~l J/
that hold their 'I ijtJ *— j I
high class look un- I I . - II
til worn out— thesa ,1 I L 7V ¦ ¦ nWii
are the sort that 'I , | IflT \" "[/Ji
hav« established I 1\ \ \P C J '
our reputation for I ' i\ V fl
reliabil ity. Our ' 11 K //
terms are ,\| . IX/A
$1.00 V ' J I\ (•¦¦
a Week.
Be sure of our' MLiJ Ml
Name and U/ '
12$ ElliS-St. AbovePvmll
f misleadingTI
m Thf "Just as good" ?tate- @
ji ments are misleading. There y
y isn't any shoe just as good as £]
H the scientifically constructed g
« irrespective of the price asked |j
H CflRfl<JI^ the new 5hoe §
I] OUnUuIO for women. a
I Always $3a50 j
B COLD EXCLUSIVELY AT S
§ 50 Third St |
|| Second Shoe Store from Market, 1
F| San Francltco. K
r] SEND FOR CATALOGUE. M